The most popular idol  among girls is a white kitten .She is kind,friendly and cute. Who is she? She's Hello Kitty. This sweet kitten has won the hearts of people of all ages from all over the world. Hello Kitty was created by a Japanese company in 1974 which is now making thousands of Kitty products. In the beginning, Kitty was a greeting-card character, and the company quickly used her logo into children's things, such as clothes and bags. Now we can see Hello Kitty on clothes, bags or toys. It is famous all over the world.
Hello Kitty has no mouth, but she keeps buying toothpaste. Hello Kitty has no mouth, yet she speaks the truth. Hello has no mouth, but she says "Hello". We all know Kitty has no mouth, but why? There are countless different guesses for that. Among them, the most popular answer is because Kitty should be an international character. If she speaks a certain language, people who don't speak the same language will feel disappointed. So that's the reason why she has no mouth and never speaks.
The question is: Which of the sentences is NOT TRUE according to the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:Kitty is an idol.
B:Kitty is famous.
C:Kitty is cute.
D:Kitty is shy.I had a very special teacher in high school many years ago. Her husband died of a heart attack. About a week after his death, she shared some of her insights with us.
The class was nearly over. She said, "Before class is over, I would like to share with all of you an important thought."
"Each of us is put here on Earth to learn, share, love, enjoy and give all by ourselves. We must make the best of every single day."
Her eyes were beginning to water and she went on, "So I would like you all to make me a promise. From now on, on your way to school, or on your way home, find something beautiful to notice. It doesn't have to be something you see -- it could be a nice smell -- perhaps of freshly baked bread, or it could be the sound of the breeze slightly blowing the leaves in the trees."
"Please look for these things, and love them. For, although it may seem common, these things are the stuff of life. They are the little things we are put here on Earth to enjoy. They are the things we often take for granted. We must make it a point to notice them, for at any time it can all be taken away."
The class was completely quiet. We picked up our books and went out of the room silently. That afternoon, I noticed more things on my way home from school than I had that whole term.
I usually think of that teacher and try to enjoy all of those things that we sometimes overlook  .
Take notice of something special you see during your lunch hour today. Walk barefoot along the beach at sunset. For as we get older, it is not the things we did that we regret , but the things we didn't do.
The question is: What is the teacher's advice?
The possible answers are:
A:We should love life and enjoy things around us.
B:We should share our important thoughts with others.
C:We should never feel sorry for what we have done.
D:We should do importand things and overlook little ones.Su Su is a 16-year-old Beijinger. She studies at the High School Affiliated to Renmin University. She has just published  her first book, The Enigma of the Universe (<<>> ).
The Enigma of the Universe tells a story of a girl called April. One day she meets an alien  boy named Kaka. Kaka takes April on a journey into the universe. Later April finds out a big secret about Kaka...
What's special about this book? It's a book written in both Chinese and English.
Su wrote the book when she was 14 years old. She was influenced  by the book Sophie's World (<<>> ) and the movie The Truman Show (<<>> ). Sophie is a girl who is interested in philosophy . Truman's life is run by television.
These stories gave Su an idea for her own book. She decided to write it in English.
"My English teacher asked us to write something," says Su. "I thought I'd write about my idea."
Su spent a whole summer vacation writing the story.
"Sometimes I had to stop because I couldn't find the right words," says Su. "I used the dictionary all the time."
After finishing the English novel, Su had another idea. She decided to translate it into Chinese. The job took her just a few days. "It was easy because Chinese is my native language  ," she says.
Su says her story is "a mixture of philosophy   and detective   story and science fiction".
"My classmates and I have turned it into a DV play," says Su. "I wrote the play and I played April. We will show it in our school soon!"
The question is: How did Su Su write the book?
The possible answers are:
A:She wrote it in Chinese first and then translate it into English.
B:She wrote it in English first and then translate it into Chinese.
C:She wrote it half in Chinese first and then wrote it half in English.
D:She wrote it half in English first and then wrote it half in ChineseHere is a report from Xinghua Daily Newspaper. Computer games are very popular not only with the young people but also the adults. In some ways, they will take the place of  the traditional games such as cards, chess and so on. Because you only need a computer to play computer games. But in the past, if a man wanted to play chess, he must look for another one. In fact, computer games themselves are so interesting and exciting for us. The games can bring you happiness and excitement. They have been used in too many places such as schools, business, hospitals and so on.
Now there are many educational games for the students. They are helpful to the students. They can make the students learn more and better by changing the study ways. When the students play the educational games, they use their brains, eyes, ears and hands. The students will be active to get knowledge while playing. But now the students shouldn't spend too much time on the computer games. Otherwise, it may _ their study.
We have gone into the computer age. And learning too much knowledge through the computer is becoming true.
The question is: Who likes computer games?
The possible answers are:
A:Only the young.
B:Only the adults.
C:Both the young and the adults.
D:Nobody.Mr Evans works in Sydney. Last week he had a two-week holiday, but he didn't know where to go. He said to his friend Robert, "I hate the hot weather here, but I can't think of a cool place in Australia. Where shall I take my holiday?"
"That's easy," said Robert, "You can go to Moscow. Snow and ice are covering the ground there now."
Mr Evans agreed with his friend. He bought a plane ticket and soon arrived in Moscow. He was having a good time there, but one day he got into trouble . After lunch, he went to a park outside the city. He noticed a dog following him when he was walking past a house. It was hungry and wanted some food to eat. But Mr Evans had no food in his pockets. He tried to shoo   it away, but it began to bark at him. Just at that moment, he saw a stone on the ground. He tried to pick it up, but he couldn't.
"How strange these Russians are!" Mr Evans said to himself, "They do not tie up   their dogs, but firmly tie down the stones!"
The question is: Mr Evans couldn't pick up the stone because  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:it was too cold
B:it was too heavy
C:the Russians tied their stones to the ground
D:it was not a stoneHere are some tips that may help you live a beautiful life.
 When you wake up in the morning, think about what you are going to do.
 No matter how you feel, get up and dress up.
 Take a thirty-minute walk every day. And when you walk, smile.
 Spend more time with old people over the age of seventy and young kids under the age of six.
 Smile and laugh more. And try to make at least three people smile each day.
Life is very short, so don't wastetime hating others. Time _ almost everything. Give time time.
 Call your family and friends often.
 Don't compare your life to others'. You have no idea what they are going through.
 Life isn't fair, but it's still good.
Each night before you go to bed, say to yourself, "Today, I did ... I feel great."
 Realize that life is a school and you are here to learn. Try to "pass all your tests". The lessons you learn will last a lifetime  .
The question is: To live a beautiful life, what should we do?
The possible answers are:
A:We should get up early every day.
B:We should walk a dog for half an hour every day.
C:We should often laugh at others.
D:We should call our family and friends often.A good way to pass an examination  is to work hard every day in the year. You may fail in the examination if you are lazy for most of the year and then work hard only a few days before the examination. If you are taking an English examination, don't learn only rules of grammar. Try to read stories in English and speak in English whenever you can. A few days before examination you should start going to bed early. Do not stay up late at night studying and learning things. Before you start the examination, read carefully over the examination paper. Try to understand the exact meaning of each question before you pick up  your pen to write. When you have at last finished your examination, read your answers, correct any mistakes that you see and make sure that you have not _ anything _ .
The question is: What should you do when you are taking the examination?
The possible answers are:
A:Pick up your pen and write at once.
B:After you finish the examination, hand in at once.
C:Try to understand every word while you are reading.
D:Check your paper before you hand it in.How does Lucy spend a week?
Monday Practice playing volleyball
3:00-5:OOp.m.
Tuesday Go to see Tim  Children's Hospital
8:30-10:30p.m.
Wednesday Part-time job 
1:00-5:00 p m.
Thursday Go to the station to meet her uncle Ricky
9:00 a.m.
Friday See Mr Green    10:30-11:30 a.m.
Part-time job 2:00-6:00 p.m.
Saturday A birthday party for Lily  7:00-10:00 p.m.
Sunday Help Frank with his Maths
The question is: Where does Lucy meet Tim?
The possible answers are:
A:At Frank's house.
B:At Lucy's house.
C:At the station.
D:In the hospital.Long long ago there was a great man who married the woman he loved so much. Soon they had a little girl. She was a bright and happy little girl and the great man loved her very much.
When the little girl was growing up, the great man sang and danced with her. The man told her daughter, "I love you, my little girl." When the little girl got older, the man still loved her and called her little girl. Then she shouted and said, "I'm not a little girl anymore." Every time the man laughed,
"But to me, you'll always be my little girl."
Later the little girl left her home and went into the outside world. As she learned more about the world, she learned more about the man. She understood that he truly was great and strong, for now she knew his _ . One of his strengths was to show his love to his family. No matter where she was, the man would call her and say, "I love you, my little girl."
The clay came when the little girl got a phone call. The great man was badly ill. He had a stroke . So she went back home, When she walked into the room and saw him. he looked small and not strong at all. He looked at her and tried to speak, but he could not. He could no longer smile, dance or tell the girl he loved her.
The little girl did the only thing she could do. She climbed up on the bed next to the great man.
Tears ran from both of their eyes and she hugged  her father,
At that time she thought of many things. She remembered the wonderful times together with her father. With the beat of his father's heart, she seemed to hear, "I love you, my little girl."
The question is: Which statement is TRUE according to the story?
The possible answers are:
A:The daughter left her home because she had a fight with her father,
B:The girl returned home when she got a letter from his father about his illness.
C:The father felt much better after the daughter's return*
D:From the father's example, the daughter learned how to show her love.Sing the Language You're Learning
How can you remember a song from your childhood to this day? Why do your teachers use songs to teach you English? It seems there is a scientific reason for this.
Researchers are now studying the relationship between music and remembering a foreign language. They find that remembering words in a song is the best way to remember even the most difficult language.
"Singing could be a new way of learning a foreign language. The brain likes to remember things when they are used in a _ and meaningful way", said Dr, Karen Ludke. The findings may help those who have difficulties learning foreign languages. On his blog, Dr. Ludke writes, "A listen-and-repeat singing method can support foreign language learning, and opens the door for future research in this area."
Many language teachers know the value of using music and singing. Hua Zhuying, a teacher at a Chinese language school in Washington, D.C. depends heavily on songs in teaching Chinese. She says, "I use music all the time to teach children Chinese. For little kids usually we use the music. Not only does it work, but it is fun for kids."
"Sometimes, I think if I were taught English that way, maybe I could speak much better English than now," Hua Zhuying adds.
Our brain likes music, especially for remembering. So, if you're still struggling in learning a language, why not try singing it out ?
The question is: Dr. Ludke believes that foreign language learning can be supported by  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:using the listen-and-repeat singing method
B:listening to all kinds of famous music
C:writing songs with the language
D:reading the lyrics again and againEvery day, life is made and lost. Every day, life goes on. Every day we experience some of the most important parts of life and may not even realize it: love, generosity, and perseverance. These values aren't just important to us, they make the world what it is.
Scientists say that the gravity makes the world turn, but some people say that love makes _ go around. Love can be found anywhere: in families, friends, even strangers. Even if you can't see it, you know it's there.
Love may connect people all over the world, but what would the world be without generosity? Whether after a national disaster or a school fund raiser, one thing is certain--- it is better to give than to receive. Generosity is found everywhere and whether it's a large or small act, it makes a difference. Most of all, generosity is not something you need any qualifications for, and no matter what you do, it can make a difference. Sometimes, though, it takes effort to be generous, which leads us to perseverance.
Founding a country, riding a bike, or finishing a novel, these are all finished with perseverance. Perseverance is the one thing that can help us achieve whatever we want. It is what helps scientists discover cures for illnesses, and athletes become winners. You may fail, but every time you make a mistake, that's one less to make the next time.
There is an infinite  number of things we value. But without love, generosity, and perseverance, we just don't think that our lives or the world would be the way it is.
The question is: The best title for the passage may be  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:Success and failure
B:Three values
C:Endless love
D:Hard lifeDolphins are not fish. They are mammals  .They live in groups and speak to each other in their own language. But they are quite different from almost all land animals. Their brain is as big as men's and they live a long life at least 20 or 30 years.
Like some animals, dolphins use sounds to help them find their way around. They also use these sounds to talk to each other and to help them find food. They do not use their ears to receive sounds,but use the jaw--the lower part of the mouth.
It is strange that dolphins are friendly to men, and for thousands of years, there are many stories about dolphins and men. In the 19th century, in a dangerous part of the sea near New Zealand,there was a dolphin. The seamen liked him very much and gave him a very good name, Jack. From 1871 to 1903 ,Jack met every boat in the area and showed it the way. In 1903 a passenger on a boat with the name of The Penguin shot and hurt Jack. Luckily the dolphin didn't die, and after a long time he was well again. He guided the ships through the area for nine more years, but he refused to help the boat of the Penguin.
Today, some people still kill dolphins, but many countries in the world now protect them. In these places, people are not allowed to kill them.
The question is: Who was Jack?
The possible answers are:
A:The writer.
B:A dolphin.
C:A seaman.
D:The passenger.Here are some of the fastest animals in the animal world. Let me tell you that a man can run 20 to 25 miles an hour.
Heavy people can not run very fast. But some heavy animals can.Black rhinos are more than 3,500 pounds. They can run almost 30 miles an hour. Cheetahs are the fastest land animal over short distances .They can run over 70 miles an hour. But they get tired quickly and usually stop after a few minutes.Pronghorn antelopes are the fastest animals over long distances. They can run 35 miles an hour for many miles. Their top speed is more than 50 miles an hour.Ostriches can't fly, but they can run faster than other birds. They can run 43 miles an hour for a short distance. And can keep up a speed of more than 30 miles an hour over long distances.
The question is: What are the fastest land mammals over short distances?
The possible answers are:
A:Cheetahs.
B:Pronghorn.
C:Horses.
D:Elephants.Mr Green is an Englishman. He teaches English well His English classes are very interesting. He likes us and we like him, too.
Mr Green has two children----Mike and Nancy. Mike is eight and his sister Nancy is five. Mike goes to school but Nancy doesn't. Mr Green likes to wear a T-shirt and a pair of jeans. Football is his favorite sport. After school we often have a basketball match. Sometimes Mr Green watches and joins us. He plays basketball just for us.
The question is: _   is Mr Green's favorite sport.
The possible answers are:
A:Basketball
B:Football
C:running
D:VolleyballThe Greens are English. Now they are in Beijing. This is their first visit to China. They are going to stay in China for three weeks. They want to visit some big cities and villages. They want to learn some Chinese.
Mr Green is driver. He likes driving in Beijing very much. Mrs Green is a teacher. She is visiting a middle school near Beijing. Their son Jim is a middle school student. He meets some Chinese students, and he likes to speak English with them.
They take a lot of photos in China. When they are back in English, they are going to show the photos to their friends. They want the English people to know more about China.
The question is: The Greens are staying in  _  now.
The possible answers are:
A:Shanghai
B:London
C:Beijing
D:HangzhouSpace vegetables are grown from seeds   that have been taken to space and brought back to the earth. The seeds are affected by the radiation   and low gravity in space. When they are brought back to the earth, these seeds produce vegetables that are bigger and healthier than normal vegetables. However, some people worry about eating space vegetables. They think that space vegetables might not be good for us and could make us get sick because of the radiation in space. However, people should not be frightened because space vegetables are very healthy.
Here are some facts that you should know about space vegetables.
Space vegetables are grown from seeds that are carefully chosen. When seeds are brought back from space, they are tested to make sure that they will be safe to eat.
Space vegetables are better for you than normal vegetables. For example, space tomatoes stay fresh for twenty days, which is one week longer than normal tomatoes.
After genetically modified   food appeared in the market, people worried that they were eating unknown things. For example, if nut genes   are put inside potatoes, people allergic   to nuts might get sick from eating these potatoes because they do not know they are also eating nuts. Unlike genetically modified food, space vegetables have not been genetically changed. This means that no new genes are put into the vegetables. Therefore, there are no dangers of eating something unknown.
The question is: The seeds brought back from space produce   _   vegetables according to the passage.
The possible answers are:
A:more delicious
B:healthier and bigger
C:more dangerous
D:cheaper and healthierLast year Jim was going to join the army( ) and had to take a medical examination  . The doctor was sitting at a desk when he went in. He said to the man, "Take your coat and shirt off, and sit on that chair."
Jim did so. The doctor looked at him for a moment without getting up from his chair and then said, "All right. Put your clothes on again."
"But you haven't examined me at all." the young man said in surprise.
"There is no need to do so," the doctor said with a smile. "When I told you to take your coat and shirt off, you heard me all right, so there is nothing wrong with your ears. You saw your chair, so your eyes are good. You could take your clothes off and sit on the chair, so you must be in good health.
The question is: Why did the young man take a medical examination?
The possible answers are:
A:He hurt his ear.
B:He hoped to join the army.
C:He wanted to get some medicine.
D:He was unhealthy.Soon it would be the holidays. But before that, there was the end of year exams. All the students worked hard for some time. If they didn't pass, they would have to take the exams in September again. Some students failed, but Kate decided not to be one of them. She worked hard all day, but just before the exams she was working so hard that her sister was worried about her. She was staying up too late . The night before the first exam, Barbala insisted that she should have an early night and take a sleeping pill. She promised to wake her in the morning.
As she was falling asleep, Kate was worried in case she over-slept. Her mind kept jumping from subject to subject. At last, with the help of the pill, she fell asleep. she was sitting in the examination hall, looking at the paper. She couldn't answer any of the questions. Everyone round her was writing pages and pages. However hard she thought, she couldn't find anything to write about. She kept looking at her watch. Time was running out. There was only one hour left. She started one question, wrote two sentences, gave up and tried another one. With only half an hour left she wrote another two sentences. By this time she was so worried that she started crying. Her whole body shook(,). It shook so much that it woke her up. She was still in bed and it had all been a terrible dream. A minute later, Barbala called her name.
The question is: Kate dreamed a terrible dream simply because   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:she had taken a sleeping pill.
B:she was too worried about her exams.
C:her sister had forgotten to wake her up.
D:she did not pass the exams.A few years ago I didn't knew my neighbour Mr Reed well. Now we're friends.
It all started from a basketball game near his home. Peter passed the ball to me. But I didn't catch it and it went right into Mr Reed's garden.Everyone said that he didn't like children. Nobody dared  to get the ball. And no one knew Mr Reed well because he _ came out of his house. And he _ talked with others.
I walked into Mr Reed's garden slowly and quietly. My hands were sweaty . Suddenly I saw a tall man walking towards me. It was Mr Reed.
"Is this your ball?" he asked.
I said yes and said never to do it again.
To my surprise, Mr Reed said, "Why don't you kids play here? No one has used this hoop for years. It's better than yours."
My friends and I couldn't believe it. Mr Reed was inviting us to play in his garden! We all learned an important lesson: what many people say isn't always true.
The question is: Which of the following about Mr Reed is NOT true?
The possible answers are:
A:He often stayed in his house.
B:He didn't often speak to people.
C:He didn't like children.
D:He had a place to play basketball.Many young Chinese people drink coffee when meeting with friends. Yang Lin lives in the U.S. but comes from an area in China famous for growing tea. She used to only drink tea while in China. But now, she says, she drinks both and for different reasons.
"I would say ... I was a tea drinker when I was in China. But now, you know, with the influence of different holiday drinks ... I think I like coffee as well as tea now."
Yang Lin says that drinking coffee for her is a social event. She and her workmates like to sit in a cafe and talk over a cup of coffee.
Tea, she says, is more about family memories. She grew up in Fujian Province -- an area known for its tea. Ms. Yang says that as a child, her family would get together in the evening and talk about the day's events over a pot of tea. So now, even the smell of Fujian tea brings back these warm family memories.
Voyo is another Chinese woman who now lives in Washington D.C. She says that after moving to the U.S. her tastes changed. We would call her _ , someone who now chooses to drink coffee.
"I used to be a tea drinker before I came to the United States. But now I am a coffee drinker and actually getting to be a very heavy coffee drinker. Like I go from one cup a day to three cups a day and if I stop one day I will have a headache." said Voyo.
The question is: The smell of Fujian tea   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:brings Yang Lin back to her family
B:reminds Yang Lin of her family
C:is often sent to Yang Lin
D:improves the memory of Yang LinHuzhou, May 10 (Huzhou Daily)--A city eye examination has showed that Huzhou primary and high school children's eyesight has been getting worse. It showed test results were lower than those from the last examination in 2010.
Only 10% of the tested students had good eyesight, but more than 30 percent in 2010. The examination covered 1,770 students from 54 classes. They were from primary and high schools in 5 districts.
According to the test results of the junior high school group, children from Anji District scored an average of four, much lower than 4.8. Below four is classed as short-sightedness. None of the students from Deqing District tested above 4.8.
Huzhou would adopt measures to improve children's eyesight. Most importantly, students should be freed from the burden  of exams and relax their eyes more often every day.
The question is: How many students had good eyesight in the eye examination?
The possible answers are:
A:177
B:277
C:530
D:1,770It was a wet, rainy day during the school holidays. Lily looked out of the window and thought about her parents. They were on a long holiday. They said Lily was too young to go. So Lily was staying with her Aunt Bella. Today Lily was unhappy. She was all alone --Aunt Bella was out shopping.
Lily decided to go to the top floor. Maybe there was something interesting. She arrived at the top. There was an old door. Lily opened the door and walked in. The walls were changing colours. A sofa wasn't on the floor! It was in the air. Suddenly she heard a sound "Whoooosh" and after a minute she saw a boy appear .
"Hi," he said. "I am the genie . Who are you?"
"I'm Lily," she answered, "but you don't look like a genie."
The boy looked at her. He said, "Hocuspocusinversus!" And then suddenly Lily was in the air. "OK! I believe you," she shouted. "Get me down!"
"So, how many wishes do you want?" the boy said.
Then she told the cool genie she was lonely. She told him about having no friends. The cool genie just nodded his head . When Lily finished her story, she felt better.
The genie said, "Well, I must go now!" Then suddenly he was gone. Lily went downstairs  and found a postcard from her parents. It said, "Dear Lily. Miss you, back next week, love Mom and Dad." Then the front door opened and she heard Aunt Bella arriving with her shopping.
The next day Lily decided to say "Thank you" to the genie. She went to the top floor and opened the door. But there was nothing there except a dark old room with a few boxes.
The question is: Why was Lily unhappy?
The possible answers are:
A:Because it was a rainy day in the school holidays.
B:Because her parents were on a holiday.
C:Because her Aunt Bella was at home.
D:Because she was lonely.For some people, music is no fun at all. About 4% of the population is what scientists call "amusic". People who are amusic are born without the ability to enjoy musical notes. Amusic people often cannot tell the differences between two songs.
As a result, songs sound like noise to an amusic. Many amuics compare the sound of music to pieces of metal hitting each other. Life can be hard for amusics. In fact, most people cannot begin to understand what it feels like to be an amusic. Just going to a restaurant or a shopping center can be uncomfortable or even painful. That is why many amusics have to stay away from places where there is music. However, this can result in social loneliness. "I used to hate parties," says Margaret, a seventy-year-old woman who only recently discovered that she was amusic. By studying people like Margaret, scientists are finally learning how to identify  this unusual condition.
Scientists say that the brains of amusics are different from those of people who can enjoy music. The difference is complex , and it is not connected with poor hearing. Amusics can understand other non-musical sounds well. They also have no problems understanding common speech. Scientists compare amusics to people who just can't see certain colors.
Many amusics are happy when their condition is finally diagnosed . For years, Margaret felt embarrassed about her problem music. Now she knows that she is not alone. That makes it easier for her to explain. When people invite me to a concert, I just say "No, thanks. I'm amusic." says Margret.
The question is: According to the passage, which statement is TRUE?
The possible answers are:
A:Amusics can feel comfortable when they are in the shopping center.
B:Life can be easy for amusics.
C:Scientists identify amusics by studying amusic people.
D:Few amusics are happy when their condition is finally diagnosed.Maybe you are an average   student. You probably think you will never be a top student  . However, anyone can become a better student if he or she does his or her best. Here are some tips   to help you.
Plan your time carefully. You should plan your time for such things as eating, sleeping and dressing. Then make a good, regular time for studying. But don't forget to set enough time for entertainment .
Keep your _ quiet and clean. The study should have a desk, a chair and some study materials , but no games, no radio and no television ! When you sit down to study, you can put your heart into it. Make good use of your time.
Listen to everything that the teacher says. Listening carefully in class means less work later. Taking notes will help you remember what the teacher says.
After you get home from school, go over  your notes . Review  the important points. If you know what your teacher is going to discuss next day, read the material. It will help you study better.
Develop  a good attitude   to tests . The purpose  of a test is to show what you have learned about a subject . It helps you know what you are not good at. The world will still go on even if you fail   in a test , so don't be too worried .
The question is: Which is a good place for studying?
The possible answers are:
A:A clean and beautiful place.
B:The place with a computer.
C:The place with a television and radio.
D:A quiet place with a chair, a desk, and some study materials.Have you been asked for money by some disabled beggars while you're enjoying shopping?Do you have any pity on them who are so poor and lonely or do you just feel afraid of their terrible shapes?As one of the most special groups,disabled people's living conditions--not only their material conditions,but their mental world,really need improvement.
The treatment for disabled people should go like this:First,don't look down upon them.Don't be afraid of looking at the terrible shapes of the disabled.Try to treat them _ .Because they are a part of the society ,we can't discard them.The second is to help them as much as we could.If you can be a volunteer and do some work for the disabled people,that would be very nice.That does help not only to the disabled people but also to yourself because you will feel good after your kind action.
If every one of us gives a little love,the world will become a beautiful wonderland!
The question is: From the passage we can see that  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:disabled people are poor,but they are happy
B:all disabled people ask for money from those who are shopping
C:disabled people's living conditions are not good
D:no one would like to help disabled beggarsAs we know, there are differences between western culture and Chinese culture. We can see  differences  when we pay attention to the words that are used. Let's look at the words about describing animals. Most phrases in Chinese about the dog. For example, " a  homeless dog", "a running dog",  and " a dog catching a mouse", have negative meanings.
But in western countries, dogs are considered honest and good friends of humans. In English, people use dogs to describe positive behavior. For example, "You are  lucky dog" means you are a  lucky person.   And  "Every dog has its day" means _ . To describe a person's serious illness, they say "sick as a dog". The  word  "dog-tired"  means  " very tired". The  words  about animals are used in positive or negative ways in different cultures. We can learn about many differences in cultures by comparing how certain words are used.
The question is: Which sentence is right to fill in the blank in the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:every dog will die one day
B:each person has bad luck at times
C:each person has good luck at times
D:every dog has good luck at timesTuesday, Jan. 6, 9:50 p.m.
We were sitting in our warm living room. The TV was on, and everything was peaceful. Suddenly the light went on and off for a few times and then went out completely. Then the rain started, and everything went black. We found the flashlight and some candles and went to bed.
Wednesday, Jan. 7, 7:30 a.m.
My first thought after waking up was that it was pretty cold in my bedroom. Clearly, the power   didn't come back. After I looked out of the window, I felt even sadder: it was still raining heavily. The room was becoming colder and colder. We had no idea when the power would come back, so my wife started a fire in the fireplace.
Thursday, Jan. 8, 12:30 p.m.
The snow started. The poor trees now had to carry the heavy snow. The storm seemed to last   and we had nothing to do but stay at home.
Friday, Jan. 9, 6:00 p.m.
Still no power. Even though we lit   a few candles, it was still difficult to do anything in their weak light. I was sitting near several candles, but I had trouble reading.
Saturday, Jan. 10, 1:00 p.m.
The storm stopped this morning, and I drove my car to look for an open store. The trees along the roads were broken. I only bought the most necessary things: bread, some fruit, more drinking water and batteries   for the flashlight. On my way home, the power came back and people were very happy.
The question is: What did the writer NOT buy when he drove out?
The possible answers are:
A:Newspapers.
B:Water.
C:Batteries.
D:Food.A young lady was driving alone through the street. It was dark and rainy. Suddenly she saw an old woman by the side of the road, holding up her hands as if she wanted a lift . "I can't leave her out in this weather," the young lady said to herself. She stopped her car and opened the door.
"Do you want a lift?" she asked. The old woman nodded and got on the car. After a while, she said to the old woman, "Have you been waiting for a long time?" The old woman shook her head, "Strange" the young lady thought. She tried again, "Bad weather, isn't it?" The old woman nodded.
Then the young lady noticed the old woman's hands, which were large and hairy. Suddenly she realized the woman was a man! She was frightened at first. Then she stopped the car. "I couldn't see out of the rear screen ,"she said, "Would you mind cleaning it for me?"
"The old woman" nodded and opened the door. As soon as "she"got out of the car, the frightened young lady drove off as fast as she could.
When she got home, she noticed "the old woman" had left her handbag behind, she picked it up and opened it. Inside there was a gun.
The question is: When the young lady found the old woman was a man, she  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:drove the car to the police station
B:began to cry
C:thought of a good idea and got out of danger.
D:went on drivingA new school term begins, Is anything new at your school? Sichuan students are getting an extra  hour to sleep in the morning.
This year, Sichuan schools decided that students should start classes later. This should help them feel less tired, For Junior high schools, the first classes will begin no earlier than 8:30 am.
The changes have made students happy.
Liu Xian, 15, said his class was excited by the news on the first day of school. "It's so good we can get up later!" said Liu.
Liu studies in Chengdu No.4 Middle School. He used to get up at 6:40 am. Now he can get up at 7:40 am because class doesn't start until 8:40 am.
Wu Hongli, 15, said the new timetable is good for her health. "I used to drink coffee every night or I would feel to sleepy to finish my homework, "said Wu. "Now I can finish it without coffee."She used to get up at 6:30 am. Now she can get up at 7:30 am.
Wu Hongli's mother was happy, too. She thought more sleep would help her daughter grow taller.
But some parents worried that more sleep would mean less learning. There used to be five classes in the morning. Now there are only four.
Many teachers, though, say the changes will help students learn better.
"Students used to doze for the first two classes in the morning,"said Wu Zongping, an English teacher at Chendu No.12 Middle School. "But now they look fine and they learn much better than before."
The question is: What made the Sichuan middle school students happy?
The possible answers are:
A:The new school term began.
B:Their schools took on a new look.
C:They felt a little bit tired.
D:They could get up later.In the mid 1990s, people started doing business on the Internet. At that time, there were two kinds of companies. First, there were traditional companies which sold things in stores. Then, there were Internet companies which didn't have stores, they sold things only over the Net.
Traditional companies didn't want to lose any business. Quickly, they created their own websites and began selling things over the Net. These are the so-called "brick and click" companies. Many stores are made of brick, and you click on your mouse to buy things with your computer. That's where the name "brick and click" comes from.
By the late 1990s, e-businesses like Amazon.com, Buy.com, and eToys.com were in trouble. Their profits  were not very high, and there was a lot of competition. Many of these businesses lost a lot of money, and in 2000, many e-businesses were out of business.
In the world of e-commerce , companies are fighting for every dollar and every customer. Will brick and click companies win the war? Only time will tell.
The question is: Why were Internet companies in a lot of trouble in the late 1990s?
The possible answers are:
A:Competition was heavy.
B:Their websites were bad.
C:They didn't know what to sell.
D:Their profits were high.Taiwan island, the biggest island of China, is between the South and East China Seas. Almost two-thirds of the island is covered by mountains.
Traveling in Taiwan, you can do lots of things. In Taipei, you can taste all kinds of delicious food . Standing at the top of Taipei 101, the world's tallest building until now, you can get a view of the whole city.
Taiwan has nice natural _ as well. Sun and Moon Lake is a beautiful lake. On one side of the island it looks like the sun, on the other side it looks like the moon. That is why people call the lake the Sun and Moon Lake. Ali Mountain is the nearest mountain around Sun and Moon Lake. You can enjoy a nice experience with Gaoshan people. It's a wonderful place to see a very beautiful sunrise. If you enjoy swimming, fishing, boating and eating delicious fruit and fresh fish, Peng Lake must be a good place to visit. Everywehere in Taiwan, you can see mountains, valleys , and hot springs, together with fields of rice, oranges and tea.
The question is: What is "Taipei 101" in the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:A large lake.
B:A big city.
C:A high mountain.
D:A tall building.John and Sam were friends. They opened a small shop in a small village. One day, they sold out of all their wine  , so they drove to the city to buy some.
On their way home, the wind was strong and it was getting colder and colder. Both John and Sam wanted to drink some wine to keep warm, but they had a rule. They couldn't drink any wine because they had to sell it. According to the rule, if some-body wanted to drink some wine, he had to pay the other twice the price.
John was a clever man. He took out ten cents and gave it to Sam. He said, "Here is ten cents. Would you please sell me some of your wine?" Sam was a businessman  , so he said, "You give me money, so of course I will sell some to you." Then he passed John a cup of wine.
After drinking the wine, John felt warm soon, but Sam was still cold. Then he took out the ten cents that John just gave to him and said to John, "Here is ten cents. Please sell me some of your wine." John agreed. Sam drank some wine and also felt much warmer. But after some time, they both felt cold again, so they kept buying wine from each other with the same ten cents. Soon they drank up all of the wine.
"How could so much wine only cost ten cents?" the two friends asked each other.
The question is: What's the best title for this passage?
The possible answers are:
A:Two Men on the Way Home
B:Some Cheap Wine
C:The Bad Weather
D:A Small ShopHello!I'm Tim Hand, I'm English, but I'm in China. This is my mother. Her first name is Steve. My telephone number is seven-six-zero, nine-one-seven-six, My friend is Li Lei. His English name is Paul. He is Chinese. His telephone number is 281-5248.Look at the photo. Who's that in the photo? It's my Chinese teacher. His name is Liu Yong. He is a good teacher.
The question is: _   is in the photo.
The possible answers are:
A:His father
B:Jim Green
C:Li Lei
D:Liu YongFor most kids, homework is just part of their daily lives, but have you ever imagined that one day you won't need to do any homework at all? Such a thing has just happened in a school in the UK.
Nottingham East Academy, a school in the UK, has established a non-homework policy   recently. The school plans to give an extra lesson and provide more activities for students to do at school. So the students no longer need to do homework after class. When the school announced this policy , students , parents and teachers were all shocked.
The school , Nottingham East Academy , is the country's largest school. It has a total of 3,570 students. Barry Day, the president of the school, thinks that homework is unnecessary and can easily cause argument both at home and at school. He once told the local newspaper ," People give homework for children to do simply because they think it should be given. Actually, homework doesn't help with education at all."
Letting kids leave their homework at school is becoming popular in the UK. Several other schools are welcoming the policy and are taking similar measures  .Tiffin Boy's school has started giving students less homework. Students now spend less time on homework. The time has dropped from two or three hours to just forty minutes a night. Nottingham East Academy is asking students to read for pleasure with their parents at home instead.
The question is: How much time does it take students to finish their homework at Tiffin Boy's school now?
The possible answers are:
A:None.
B:Two hours.
C:Three hours.
D:Forty minutes.Hannah was born and raised in a poor  framily. She wore hand -me -downs  from her older sisters.For Christmas she usually got used toys and books .As a chilld ,she wanted to have the beautiful clothes ,cars ,and homes that she often saw on TV and in magazines.
Five years after college,she became a manager.Her dream came true.She had her own company near Central Park.She took skiing vacations in the winter and travelled by ship in the summer .At the age of 30,Hannah was on top of the world.
Then she had her usual health check-up.Her doctor told her that she had a serious illness.Her doctor guessed that she had less than a year to live.
He advised ,"If you have any once -in -a-life time plans,do them now."
Hannah spent her last months in her company.She was looked after by hospice  workers.Her family and friends often visited her .The moment before she died ,she opened her eyes and said,"If you have your health,you have everything."
The question is: Why did the doctor ask Hannah to do some once-in-a-lifetime plans?
The possible answers are:
A:Because she had a lot of time after vacations.
B:Because she would not live for more than a year.
C:Because she was busy every day .
D:Because she had enough money to do so.Walter owns three Italian  restaurants which are running very well in Rhode Island in America. Every day his restaurants welcome crowds of customers  all over the world.
He studied to be a cook, but he sees now that his success is the result of a lifetime education. When he opened his first restaurant, all of a sudden his schooling knowledge , the history of his family and his ethics  of his father _ . It made him a person who studied and explored  the secrets in the food business.
Walter's learning never stops. He says " The food business is one where you need to stay on top. Cooks should be trained. You have to keep on studying or you will be left behind." So he spent more time in reading. Every time he gets new ideas from the book, he brings them into his work.
Walter also has a clear understanding about success. That is he would like to be remembered as a person who is creative, who believes in the Italian cooking culture in America. Food is like a bridge connecting to the past, to the family and to the country. He says "Success to me is not how much money I make, but if at the end of the day I am able to make fifteen or twenty customers happy, I'm a happy man."
The question is: The best title of this passage may be "  _  "
The possible answers are:
A:Culture is Important for Cooks
B:A Cook and His Customers
C:The Story of Three Restaurants
D:A Winner is Made, not BornA 13-year-old Shenzhen girl wrote a book about her life in junior school, and you could see the book in bookstores in June, the News Today reported yesterday. The book is A fresh Summer Day. Zhao Yue finished it in three months.
Zhao Yue is a Junior One student of a middle school. She started writing this book after she finished her first book.
" I think it is important for me to write the life of students. Adults cannot understand the world of us. So if adults read my book, they will know more about students." The girl also said that she wrote most of the book at night, sometimes until the early hours of the next morning. " I went to school as usual during the three months of writing. I felt very good every day even though I slept for only four hours a day," said the girl.
A fresh Summer Day is about love between two junior high school students. _ said it was a common problem among young children.
The question is: How many books did Zhao Yue write?
The possible answers are:
A:One
B:Two
C:Three
D:We don't know.Two Chinese spacecrafts successfully completed China's first space docking early November 3, 2011, which has taken the country a step closer to building its own space station.
Nearly two days after its launch, the unmanned spacecraftShenzhou VIIIdocked with the space lab module Tiangong I more than 343 km above the earth surface.Shenzhou VIIIandTiangong Itook apart after flying together for 12 days. On the 14th of November, the two spacecrafts finished the second docking. ThenShenzhou VIIIparted fromTiangong Iagain and returned to the earth safely on the 17th.Tiangong Iis still traveling around the earth in the space, waiting for the arrival ofShenzhou IXandXand so on in the near future.
 _ marked another great leap for China's space program and made China the third country in the world, after the United States and Russia, to master the space docking technique  .
The world's first space docking was achieved in 1966, when the manned U.S, spacecraft Gemini 8 (8) docked with an unmanned Agena Target Vehicle  . Space docking is necessary to explore space beyond Earth's orbit. "The capability increases China's ability to act independently in space, as well as its ability to work together with others," said Gregory Kulacki, a U.S. space scientist and senior analyst.
"With the success of its first space docking, China is now equipped with the basic technology and ability required for the construction of a space station," said Zhou Jianping, chief designer of China's manned space program." The country is on its way to building a permanent manned space station around 2020."
The question is: What did the success of the first space docking mean to China?
The possible answers are:
A:China has caught up with the United States in the space exploration field.
B:China took a step closer to building its own space station.
C:China became the first country to master the space docking technique.
D:China has the ability to build a permanent manned space station right now.Confucius was born on September 28,551 BC.Chinese regard Confucius as the greatest thinker and also the greatest teacher.He had about 3,000 students.For more that 2,000 years,Confucius's ideas have been around in people's everyday life.Now they have gone far into east and south Asia.People can still hear them today.
Why are his ideas so popular? Because they help a 1ot in everyday life.Confucius said young people should take care of the old.People should give up thinking of themselves and work for others.As a great teacher,Confucius said all should go to school if they could.
The question is: Confucius'ideas have gone far into  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:east and south Asia
B:north and west Asia
C:east and south Africa
D:north and west AfficaJoan worked in a hospital as a nurse. One evening there was a big dance at the hospital. Most of the doctors and nurses would be there, but it was Joan's turn to look after the sick children. She liked dancing very much, so she felt very sorry for herself.
She went to each sick child one after another and said good-night, until she came to one little boy, Dickey. He was eleven years old, but he was already able to talk like an adult( ). Poor Dickey had a very serious illness, and now he was hardly able to move any part of his body except his hands. Joan knew he would never get any better, but he was always happy and always thinking about other people instead of about himself.
Dickey knew that Joan loved dancing, so now when she came to say good-night to him, he greeted her with the words, "I' m very sorry that you have to miss the dance because of us. But we are going to have a party for you. If you look in my drawer , you ' Il find a piece of cake. I saved it from my supper today, so it' s quite fresh. And there is also a dollar there, You can buy something to drink with that. And I' d get up and dance with you myself if I was able to," he added.
Suddenly the hospital dance seemed very far away and not at all important to Joan.
The question is: Dickey was lovely because  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:he was a sick boy
B:he could dance with Joan
C:he often thought about other people instead of about himself
D:he could foresee  that he would never get any betterLet's look at the picture. The boy's name is John. The girl in a white blouse is his sister, Rose. The other one in a yellow blouse is his sister, Mary. John and his sisters are students in No. 11 Middle School. The two sisters are in Class Three, Grade One, but John is in Class Two, Grade Two. The man and woman are their father and mother. The man is a worker and the woman is a teacher. The old man and the old woman are John's grandfather and grandmother. The family is a big one.
The question is: John's sisters are   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:not students
B:in the same class
C:in Grade 2
D:in different middle schoolsMany people use their mobile phones as the alarm clock and are more used to checking e-mails before sleeping. However, these habits are becoming sleeping problems.
Several years ago, my boss used to stay up working on her mobile phone and got badly ill because of _ . Now she always leaves her phone in another room at night. And she encourages friends to do so. "I sent each of my friends the same christmas gift - an alarm clock so that they could stop using their phones as the alarm clock," she said.
If your mobile phone wakes you up in the morning, it may also be keeping you up at night. A study in 2008 showed that people in mobile phone radiation mostly had sleeping problems. And according to a Swedish study, a quarter of young people in this country feel like there must be phones around them. Most of them feel sorry for not returning messages. So they even have to reply to their friends before sleeping.
So what kind of people prefer to use mobile phones in their bedrooms? A recent study has shown that three-quarter people aged between 18 and 34 prefer to sleep with their phones near them. That number falls off a little in middle age, but only people aged 65 and older are used to leaving the phone in another room while sleeping.
The question is: According to the Swedish study,   _   of young people in Sweden always put phones around them while sleeping.
The possible answers are:
A:25%
B:50%
C:75%
D:100%Mr Smith works in a factory in the middle of the city. The factory is not far from his home. It is about 800 meters away. So Mr Smith doesn't go to work by bus. He usually goes there by bike, sometimes he walks to work. It takes  him 10 minutes to get there by bike or 20 minutes on foot. He usually leaves home at ten minutes to eight. Today something is wrong with his bike. He wants to walk there. His work starts at half past eight in the morning and finishes at a quarter  to five in the afternoon.
,.
The question is: Mr Smith usually goes home from work at   _   in the afternoon.
The possible answers are:
A:4:15.
B:4:45.
C:4:35.
D:4:05.When I was a boy growing up in New Jersey in the 1960s, we had a milkman delivering milk to our doorstep. His name was Mr. Basille. He wore a white cap and drove a white truck.
Of course, he delivered   more than milk. There was cheese, eggs and so on. If we needed to change our order, my mother would write a note -- "Please add a bottle of buttermilk next delivery". Then she put the note and the empty bottles into the milk box. The next day, the buttermilk would magically appear.
There was also a close relationship between families and their milkmen. Mr. Basille even had a key to our house, for those times when it was so cold outside that we put the box in the house, so that the milk wouldn't freeze. And I remember Mr. Basille from time to time taking a break at our kitchen table, having a cup of tea and telling stories about his delivery.
I am sad that there is no home milk delivery today. Big companies produce cheaper milk, and milk is for sale everywhere. People may not need the milkman anymore.
Recently, I saw an old milk box in the countryside and it brought back my childhood memories. I took it home and put it outside the door. My son's friends always ask what it is. So I start telling stories of my boyhood, and of the milkman who brought us friendship with his milk.
The question is: The writer brought back home an old milk box because he   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:missed the good old days
B:wanted to tell funny stories
C:needed it for his milk bottle
D:wanted to give it to the milkmanDo you love having your own room? Do you hate to clean it?
Sometimes your room becomes so messy , and you can't find what you want. You can't even see the floor!
It isn't because you are lazy. It is because you are not arranged .
But don't worry. American writer Julie is here to help. She has written "Organizing from the Inside Out for Teens" to help make your life more organized.
In the book, the writer points out that your room is the only space in the world just for you. If you keep it clean and tidy, you will find things easier and have success in life!
But, to have more success, you must arrange all parts of your life. Not just your room! The book gives many _ to help you do this:
1. Always put things back where you find them.
2. Keep anything important in one easy-to-reach drawer.
3. When you buy a new textbook, put your old ones in a drawer.
4. Put labels   on your drawers saying what is in them.
5. Make a plan for each day. Then you will know what you should be doing at all times.
6. Keep to your plan.
If you follow these tips, you will learn to arrange your space and time. And your future will be full of success!
The question is: The writer of the passage wants to tell us how to  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:read books often
B:organize our life well
C:have our own rooms
D:clean our rooms onlyHave you been asked for money by some disabled beggars   while you're enjoying shopping? Do you have any pity on them who are so poor and lonely or do you just feel afraid of their terrible shapes? As one of the most special groups, disabled people's living conditions -- not only their material   conditions, but their mental   world -- really need improvement.
The treatment for disabled people should go like this: First, don't look down upon them. Don't be afraid of looking at the terrible shapes of the disabled. Try to treat them _ . Because they are a part of the society  ,we cant discard   them. The second is to help them as much as we could. If you can be a volunteer and do some work for the disabled people, that would be very nice. That does help not only to the disabled people but also to yourself because you will feel good after your kind action.
If every one of us gives a little love, the world will become a beautiful wonderland!
The question is: People have pity on disabled beggars because  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:they are homeless
B:they are poor and lonely
C:they have terrible shapes
D:they are discardedThe Wilsons decided to go overseas for vacation. They had a family meeting to plan the vacation. "First," Mr. Wilson said, "we should decide where we are going."
"I don't agree," Mrs. Wilson said, "I think we should decide when we are going first. We don't want to go to places when they are cold." [:Zxxk.Com]
Mr. Wilson agreed, so the family's first decision was when to go on vacation. They decided to go in July. "Now we can decide where to go," said Mr. Wilson. "But, Dad," Ben said, "don't you think that where we go depends on(,)how we go? If we plan to fly, we can go a long way. If we plan to drive, we can't go far."
Again, Mr. Wilson agreed, and they discussed this. At last they agreed to travel by plane. And so the planning meeting went on. The next day, one of Mr. Wilson's friends at work asked, "Where are you going for vacation?"
"Well," Mr. Wilson told him, "we are going in summer by plane, but I don't know where we are going!
The question is: They decided to travel by  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:plane
B:bus
C:car
D:trainI was born an albino in Pennsylvania in 1945.No one in my family had ever known what an albino was and what it meant to be an albino.
My family and friends treated me as everybody else.That was just about the best thing they could have done.It helped me believe in myself, so when troubles came along, I could deal with them.
Like most albinos, I had the terrible eyesight, but the fact that I could hardly see didn't bother me that much .Kids would make fun of me, calling me"Whitey". People looked at me when I held the books right at the tip of my nose so that I could see it well enough.Even when I was eight, movie-theater workers started asking me to pay full prices because I"looked older".The worst thing for me was that because my eyesight was so bad, I couldn't play sports very well.I didn't give up trying, though.And I studied harder.Finally, I got better at school and loved it.When I got to university, I was double majoring , going to summer school and busying myself with every activity I could find.I had learned to be proud of being an albino.I did my best to make"albino"a good word.And I decided to make my living with my eyes--and in sports.
I couldn't see very well  to play sports, but with a good education and a drive to do it, I could make a living in the area I loved.I've done it now for more than thirty years in video, and now in cyberspace .People make jokes about how I'm the only"blind editor"they know, but the jokes are of goodwill and some of them are signs of respect .
I was just a proud albino kid from the country of Pennsylvania.I now realize that being born an albino helped me to overcome difficulties, have confidence, and be proud of my personal achievement .
The question is: What's the main idea of this passage?
The possible answers are:
A:To give the reason of causing the albino.
B:To tell us how the albino was treated
C:To help us deal with kinds of challenges.
D:To tell us how an albino succeededBai Yansong, a famous TV host, expressed his support for students wearing green scarves   at a primary school in Xi'an. He wore a green tie on a TV program on October 19, 2011. "I just want the students to know that I'm also wearing green. And we are all great people and are as good as those wearing red scarves."
The First Experimental Primary School in Xi'an made children with poor schoolwork and behavior wear green scarves. Parents whose children wore green scarves were angry. "The children still need their self-esteem   even though they are very young, and they know the green scarf means something is not quite right," said one mother. Now, the school has stopped the practice.
Educational expert Li Zhenxi said that primary and junior high school students have strong self-esteem. They are eager to be respected and understood. Punishment will hurt them. "It's better to encourage them rather than separating some 'bad' students," he said.
A survey made by the Ministry of Education   shows that 75 percent of students feel nervous and scared when the teacher is about to announce their grades. Some schools have done better in protecting students' privacy and encouraging them. In American schools, teachers post test results on the wall. Instead of using student names, they use secret numbers. This way, students know their secret numbers and can check their own grades only. Some teachers might call the students up to the desk and tell them their scores one at a time.
But test scores are not the only measures of a student's ability. Everyone has his own strengths and everyone can make great progress by working hard.
The question is: According to the article, which of the following is TRUE?
The possible answers are:
A:Primary school students are too young to know what self-esteem is.
B:Separating some "bad" students helps create good learning environment.
C:Most "good" students like their teachers to announce their scores.
D:Using secret numbers instead of students' names can protect their privacy better.In 1945,six planes and 17 men disappeared without a sign,all in one day.This was Flight 19.Flight 19's captain was Lieutenant Charles Taylor.Flight 19 was a usual flight.It took off at about 2:10 p.m.from Miami.The weather was very normal on that December 5th of 1945.It was never spoken directly to after its going down.A message was received at 4:00 p.m.that told about _ Taylor not knowing the way to go because his compass was running around and around.
After that,it was never heard from again.While searching for it,a search plane was also lost.The search for the both continued until December 10th of that same year.None of the things from Flight 19's planes,or from the search plane,was ever found.It is one of the most infamous disappearances.Searching for Flight 19 lasted five days,and covered 380,000 square miles.Dr.Kripke suggests a vortex may have been involved in the disappearance of Flight 19.
The question is: People received a message  _  after Flight 19 took off.
The possible answers are:
A:two hours
B:half an hour
C:an hour
D:a hundred and ten minutesWhen Mencius  was a little boy, his father died. Mencius and his mother were quite poor. One day Mencius returned home from school and found his mother making some cloth. It was very beautiful and expensive.
"How much of the book have you read today?" Mencius' mother asked him. "I haven't read any of it yet." Mencius replied, "I played with some friends of mine in the fields."
When his mother heard this, she picked up a pair of scissors and cut the cloth.
"Why did you cut your cloth?" Mencius asked, "It was beautiful but now you've wasted it." "You have wasted your time," his mother said, "now I have wasted mine. Look what terrible things we have done."
Mencius learnt a lot from this lesson. After that, he always studied hard.
,.
The question is: When did this story happen?
The possible answers are:
A:Not long before liberation .
B:More than 2000 years ago.
C:About 400 years ago.
D:In the 18th century.He came again the next day and worked until it was time to leave. His name was Jerry. He was 12 and had been at the Children's Home since he was only four.  I thought of him. He was honest . For example, the handle   of the ax  broke one day. Jerry said the Children's Home would mend it. I handed him some money to pay for it. He wouldn't take the money. "I'll pay for it, mama. I broke it. I didn't hit the wood in the right place. "
 _ And it was a weak handle. I'll speak to the seller. " It was only then that he would take the money.
Another thing about Jerry was that he would do those little but helpful things. The things would not be badly needed but would make life so much easier. For example, he found a hole near the fireplace. "I'll put some wood in the hole, mama. Then when a sudden storm comes up, you can stay warm. "
One cold day, Jerry sat close by me near the fire. We watched the fire bum. He suddenly talked of something he had never talked of before. "You look like my mother, especially  next to the fire"
But you were four, Jerry, 'when you came to live at the Children's Home. Do you still remember your mother?"
The question is: Which is right?
The possible answers are:
A:Jerry lived with his parents at times.
B:The writer was really Jerry's mother.
C:Jerry liked the writer and the writer liked him, too.
D:Jerry did not like to live with his mother.We can see waste everywhere in the school. Some students ask for more food than they can eat and others often forget to turn off the lights when they leave the classroom. They say they can afford these things. But I don't agree with them.
Waste can bring a lot of problems. Although China is rich in some resources , we are short of others, for example, fresh water. It is reported that we will have no coal  or oil to use in 100 years. So if we go on wasting our resources, what can we use in the future and where can we move? Think about it. I think we should say no to the students who waste things every day. Everybody should stop wasting as soon as possible.
In our everyday life, we can do many things to prevent waste from happening, for example, turn off the water taps when we finish washing, turn off the lights when we leave the classroom, try not to order more food than we need and so on. Little by little, we will change everything. We can stop waste one day, if we do our best.
The question is: Which is not mentioned in this passage?
The possible answers are:
A:Fresh water
B:Forest.
C:Oil.
D:Coal.Tom and Fred are talking about the year 2020. "What will our world be like in the year 2020?" asks Tom.
"I don't know," says Fred.
"What do you think?" asks Tom.
"Well, no one knows, but it's interesting to guess," says Fred.
"In the year 2020 everyone will carry a pocket computer. The computer will give people the answer to all their problem. We will have telephones in our pockets, too, and we will be able to talk to our friends," says Tom.
"A lot of people will live and work under the sea. Machines will do most of the work, and so people will have more holidays. They will be able to fly to the moon by spaceship and spend their holidays there," says Fred.
"And I hope I will be able to live under the sea," says Tom. "Won't that be very interesting? Just like a fish."
The question is: Tom says   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:he likes fish very much
B:he'd like to live under the sea like a fish.
C:he will go fishing under the sea.
D:he will spend holidays on the moon.When people are dirty, they take a bath or a shower. Animals don't have soap , but they do keep themselves clean. Many animals with hair, such as dogs and cats, keep themselves clean by licking  their hair. They also use their teeth to pull out small dirty things from their hair. When they lick their hair, it is almost as if they are using a wet brush to clean themselves.
Birds take baths to stay clean. First they walk through water that is not deep. Next they beat  their wings to dry themselves. Birds also take sand baths on the ground. It is thought that they do this to drive away parasites .
Even fish need cleaning. Fish have very little parasites that live in their mouths. Some fish live by eating these parasites off other fish. Such fish are called "cleaner fish". Larger fish will open their mouths so that the cleaner fish can get in to clean.
Some animals that live in groups clean each other, such as monkeys. They often clean one another. One monkey may clean an area that the other monkey can't reach. How interesting it is!
The question is: One way that birds keep clean is to    _  .
The possible answers are:
A:open their mouths
B:take sand baths
C:beat their wings
D:clean each otherBill is ten years old. One day his friend Tom says to him, "I am going to have a birthday party on Sunday evening. Bill, can you come to my party?" "I'll be glad to," answers Bill.
Before Bill goes to the party on Sunday afternoon, his mother says to him, "Now, Bill, don't forget  to be polite . Don't ask for food until  someone gives it to you.""All right, Mum." Bill answers, and he goes to Tom's house on his new bike.
There are a lot of children at the party. They play for an hour. Then Tom's mother gives them some food. But she forgets to give Bill any. He waits politely for ten minutes and then holds his plate up  in the air and says loudly , "Does anyone want a nice and clean plate?"
The question is: Which of the following is right?
The possible answers are:
A:There are few children at the party.
B:Bill throws  his plate out of the window.
C:Tom's mother forgets to give Bill any food.
D:Bill isn't angry  at all, because  he doesn't want any food.In ancient times, there was a painter. He was good at painting flowers and birds. But he never stopped practicing until he became very famous.
An emperor of China also loved paintings,especially roosters . So he asked the famous painter to paint a rooster for him. He wanted the rooster to be the best among all his collections.
The painter promised to do so. The emperor waited and waited for one year.,but he didn't get the picture. He couldn't waited to see the painter. He became angry and wanted to kill him. So the painter hurried into the palace with paper,paint and a brush. In five minutes, a perfect rooster was on the paper.
After seeing this,the emperor became much angrier. "Since you can paint a rooster in five minutes, why did you keep me waiting for over a year?"he asked.
"Your Majesty ,"said the artist. "I will let you know why.But you'll have to come with me. " he invited the emperor to his house. There, there were piles and piles of paper. On every piece of paper was a painting of a rooster.
"Your Majesty ,"said the painter. "It took me more than one year to improve my painting skill in order to paint a perfect rooster for you.
The question is: According to the writer, the emperor  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:loved beautiful paintings
B:did very well in painting
C:was good at painting roosters
D:Was very kind to the painter.The greatest sales woman in the world today doesn't mind if you call her a girl. That's because Markita Andrews made more than $80,000 by selling cookies when she was 13 years old.
Andrews and her mother shared a dream of traveling around the world. Once while reading a magazine ad, Andrews found that the person who sold the most cookies could win a free trip for two around the world. She decided to give it a try.
To make her dream come true, Andrews went door to door every day after school and repeated, "Hi, I have a dream. I'm earning a trip around the world for my mom and me by selling cookies. " Then she asked," Would you like to buy one or two dozen boxes of cookies?"
Andrews kept asking for a whole year, no matter how heavily it was raining or snowing outside. Her hard work _ She sold 42,000 boxes of cookies that year and she won her trip around the world.
Andrews is no smarter than thousands of other people. The key to her success is that she has found the secret of selling: Ask, Ask, Ask! Many people fail before they even begin because they fail to ask for what they want.
It takes courage to ask for what you want. And , as Andrews has discovered, the more you ask, the easier ( and more fun) it gets.
,.
The question is: Which of the following is NOT true?
The possible answers are:
A:Andrew and her mother had a same dream.
B:According to the ad, two people could tour the world.
C:Andrews sold 42,000 cookies.
D:Andrews kept working even though it was raining heavily outside.How do you spend your spare time? There will be different answers to it .Most people in Poland have their own ways of spending free time. Sometimes they just want to have a rest, but they try to do something more pleasant most of the time. They have many different hobbies, which help them to get away from their everyday problems and spend their free time happily.
Many Polish people like traveling. They look for new places that they have never been to and add new and exciting experiences to their journey. Some of them like to climb mountains,. others like to go to the sea or a lake to swim, because theses can make them get exercise and are good for their health.
Many Polish people also like to do sports in their free time. They are usually crazy about football, and football is regarded as the Polish national sport. Many football fans may support a certain team ,so they go to watch every match of the team they support, and they buy many things that have any relation with the team. Watching sport and doing it are both good ways to relax
In addition, doctors say that doing sports is very good for the health. Many people in town, especially young men, often go to the gym to attend the exercise classes to keep fit.
Besides these ways, Polish people have many other ways to spend their free time . And they really enjoy their free time.
The question is: Which of the following sports is NOT mentioned in the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:Playing sports.
B:Climbing mountains.
C:Skating.
D:Swimming.Frank Brown doesn' t have a soccer ball, but his brother Alan does. They go to the same school and they love soccer. They play it at school with their friends. They think it's relaxing.
Gina Smith has two soccer balls, three volleyballs, four basketballs and five baseballs and bats. She loves sports, but she doesn't play them--she only watches them on TV!
Wang Wei doesn't have a soccer. He thinks soccer is difficult. He likes ping-pong. It's not difficult for him. He has three ping-pong balls and two ping-pong bats. After class, he plays ping-pong with his classmates.
The question is: Who doesn't have a soccer?
The possible answers are:
A:Frank Brown
B:Gina Smith
C:Alan
D:Frank Brown and Wang WeiA rabbit is running into its hole. You may ask, "What happened?"
Well, when a rabbit sees something dangerous, it runs away. Its tail moves up and down as it runs. When other rabbits see this tail moving up and down, they run too. They know that there is danger. The rabbit has told them something without making a sound. It has given them a signal.
Many other animals use this kind of language. When a bee found some food, it goes back to his home. It cannot tell the other bees where the food is by speaking to them, but it does a little dance in the air. This tells the bees where the food is.
Some animals say things by making sounds. A dog barks, for example, when a stranger
comes near. A cat purrs  when pleased. Some birds make several different sounds, each with its own meaning.
But human beings have something that no animals have --- a large number of words about things, actions, feelings or ideas. We are able to give each other information, to tell or inform other people what is in our mind or how we feel. By writing words down we can remind ourselves of the things what have happened, or send messages to people far away. No animals can do this. No animals has the wonderful power of language.
No one knows how man learned to make words. Somehow he learned to make them. As centuries went by, he made more and more new words. This is what we mean by language.  People living in different countries made different kinds of words. Today there are about fifteen hundred different languages in the world. A very large English dictionary, for example,  contains four or five hundred thousand words. But we do not know all these. The words we know are called vocabulary. We should try to make our vocabulary larger. Read as many books as possible. When we meet a new word, look it up in the dictionary. A dictionary is the Most useful book.
The question is: What must we do in order to make our vocabulary large?
The possible answers are:
A:Make more and more new words.
B:Learn more languages.
C:Look up any new words in a dictionary.
D:Try to read as many books as possible.With the development of technology, WiFi is becoming more and more popular and important in people's daily life.But have you ever experienced it? Just imagine what life will be like if there is no Internet.Maybe you won't be able to talk with friends, play video games or search for information for your homework on the Internet.
But in fact, only one third of the world's population are able to get information on the Internet.The rest are too poor to buy WiFi access  or they live in _ areas.As a result, they live without the Internet.
Google and Facebook, two world-famous technology companies, have decided to do something about it.Google's Project Loon will try to send balloons which are 15 meters wide into our Earth's stratosphere  in 2015.The balloons are made of a special material that is three times thicker than the plastic bag we use every day.Each balloon will carry a minicomputer and a WiFi radio.The WiFi radio will send the Internet over the areas it is floating over.Then people can get up-to-date information on weather or news.
The question is: Two thirds of the world's population live without the Internet because   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:they have no money to buy WiFi access
B:they live in remote areas
C:they don't need the Internet
D:they can't afford WiFi access or they live in remote areasNasreddin woke up in the middle of the night and saw something white in his garden. It seemed to be moving towards the house.
That is a thief ! He thought, and he took his gun and shot  at him. Then he went back to bed, because he was too frightened) to go out of the house in the dark.
The next morning Nasreddin went out and saw one of his white shirts hanging on the clothes-line in the garden, his wife had washed it the day before and hung it out to dry. Now it had a bullet- hole right through middle of it.
My God, said Nasreddin, I was lucky last night. If I had been wearing that shirt, the bullet would have killed me! And he called his neighbours together and asked them to thank God for saving him.
The question is: .Nasreddin was a   _   man.
The possible answers are:
A:kind
B:cheerful
C:foolish
D:cleverOnce upon a time, there was a poor fisherman in a village near the sea .He always dreamed of having a lot of money. One day ,he heard that a big ship with a lot of gold _ in the nearby water.Because of this , for a long time he often went to the sea and hoped to find the gold .
One day, he was sitting on his boat daydreaming, he suddenly  felt something heavy pulling on his fishing rod  .He thought that good luck had come to him , and he pulled hard at it . "Wow! A big, gold chain !" He said happily when he saw the thing He then began to pull at the gold chain to try to get it all into the boat, but there seemed to be no end to it. When he got the more gold chain , the more water came into his boat .
But, the fisherman did not know it .He began to dream of a big house , a big piece of land , buying horses and cows...... He kept pulling in the chain though the boat kept sinking. At last ,the boat went under the sea and the fisherman died
The question is: The poor fisherman often dreamed of having  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:a beautiful wife
B:a big house
C:a big piece of land
D:a lot of moneyMr. Johns and Mr. Brown worked in the same office. One day Mr. Johns said to Mr. Brown, "I'm going to have a small party at my house next Wednesday evening. Would you and your wife like to join us?"
Mr. Brown said, "Thank you very much. That is very kind of you. We are free that evening, I think. But I will telephone my wife and ask her. Maybe she wants to go somewhere else that evening." So Mr. Brown went to the other room and telephoned. When he came back, he looked very sorry.
" What's the matter?" said Mr. Johns, "Did you speak to your wife?"
"No," answered Mr. Brown, "She wasn't there. My small son answered the telephone. I said to him, 'Is your mother there, David?' and he answered, 'No, she is not in the house.' 'Where is she then?' I asked. 'She is somewhere outside.' 'What is she doing?' 'She is looking for me.'"
The question is: Mr. Johns asked   _   to the party.
The possible answers are:
A:Mr. Brown
B:Mrs. Brown
C:Mr. and Mrs. Brown
D:all his friendsReality TV is a type of programme. It means that real-life people, not actors, are followed and filmed in a real situation, or game.
Reality TV is very popular in the UK. At their best, these programmes give us a good look into the lives of different people in Britain. At their worse, they are a very cheap way to make programmes and sometimes involve people behaving very badly.
Here's a selection of some of the UK's reality shows.
Shattered
A group of young people live in a house for a week and must stay awake. Each day there are tests to see how well they can work even though they are totally tired out. They must leave the house if they fall asleep. Viewers vote on those who stay in the house and text their comments   every day.
Come to Dine with Me
Each week four people prepare dinner in their homes for the other competitors. Each competitor then gives the cook a grade out of 10 for the food and entertainment  . The winner gets a $1,000 cash prize. Sometimes the food is terrible and the competitors are very rude to each other.
World's Strictest Parents
Badly-behaved British teens are sent abroad to live with a super strict family for a week. The teenagers have to follow the rules of their host family and go to the local school. After seven days the teenagers return home and their parents tell us if their behaviour is better. There is often a lot of crying and shouting in this show but it can be pretty funny too.
The question is: What do we know about Come to Dine with Me?
The possible answers are:
A:It's broadcast once a week.
B:Competitors usually don't have good behaviour.
C:Competitors taste the food and give it a grade.
D:There are altogether four people in the programme each time.An early form of a game in which a ball was kicked around a field is recorded in 1004 B.C. Japan. Some sports historians believe that the game of soccer began in England in the third century, however. They say that early English warriors  kicked around the head of a killed enemy. This may or may not be true, but it is certain that soccer is an ancient sport.
Without doubt, the English played soccer during the times of King Edward I in the 1300s. In fact, the king passed a law against playing it. The law said, "There is great noise ... caused by kicking large balls from which many ghosts may appear." Anyone caught playing soccer at that time was put into prison. Two hundred years later, Queen Elizabeth I still had people put into prison for playing this " _ " sport.
Although there were such laws, soccer grew more popular. In 1681 it became an official  sport in England. By the 1800s, people throughout the country played soccer. By the 18th century, upper-class boys played it at schools. Its popularity grew among all English people.
At a meeting held in an English school in 1843, the first rules were suggested. In 1863 the heads of English soccer teams met in London to agree on some official rules. They organized an English football association . By 1871 all of the English clubs were following these rules. Today all soccer teams play by them.
Soccer is called "football" everywhere but in the United States. The game is played mostly with feet. No players except the goalie ( ) may touch the ball with their hands. They may control the ball with any part of the body except their hands.
Soccer is by far the world's most popular sport. Every four years, nearly every country in the world tlghts for the World Cup. Tens of billions of soccer fans from around the world watch the World Cup on television.
The question is: According to the passage, a "vulgar" sport probably
The possible answers are:
A:appears to be rude
B:appears to be old
C:requires lots of energy
D:requires good teamworkCars are an important part of life in the United States. Without cars most people feel that they are poor. And even though a person is poor, he doesn't really feel poor when he has a car.
Perhaps  you have heard of Henry Ford. He first started making cars in large numbers. Perhaps he didn't know how much the car was going to be to American culture . The car made the United States a nation on wheels . And it helped make the United States what it is now.
The car has become popular in the United States. The Americans like to move around in cars. With a car people can go to any place without spending a lot of money.
The question is: Who was Henry Ford?   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:He was one of the famous car makers
B:He was the most popular man in the USA
C:He was the richest man in the USA
D:He was the first car maker in American historyShenzhen's fast development has made it become China's most crowded city! There are about 15 million people living on its 1991square kilometers. On each square kilometer averagely live 7500 people. It is 1080 more than that in Hong Kong, and nearly 800 more than that in Guangzhou.
Besides, Shenzhen owns 2 million local vehicles, and about 300000 vehicles from other places also run on the local roads every day. The total length of the city's road is 6041 kilometers. It means each resident only owns 0.58 meters of road!
As a result, the city is facing serious environmental and resource problems. One of the problems is water shortage. The amount of fresh water for each person of the city is only 25% of the country's average. What's more, most of the water drunk by Shenzhen people comes from other areas.
The question is: In Hong Kong, there are   _   people on every kilometer?
The possible answers are:
A:about 7500
B:about 1080
C:about 800
D:about 6420Don Ritchie, a famous Australian man. For nearly 50 years, he successfully stopped 160 people from killing themselves at a cliff  called 'the Gap' - with just a kind word and a smile.
Ritchie had served in the Royal Australian Navy during World War II. In 1964, he moved into a house on Old South Head Road. He began saving strangers soon after.
Ritchie was a real gentleman who purposely chose to live right across the street from 'the Gap', just because he wanted to continue saving lives. He would wake up every morning and look out of the window for anyone standing too close to the edge of the cliff. If he saw someone and thought they might jump, he would simply walk over with a smile and say, "Is there something I could do to help you?" That sounds very simple, but it worked - Ritchie tried to have a talk with these people and ended up inviting them back to his house for tea or breakfast.
In 2006, Ritchie was given the Medal of the Order of Australia for all his saving lives. In 2010, he and his wife were named Woollahra Council's citizens of the year and in 2011, he was given the Local Hero Award for Australia by the National Australia Day Council.
In a situation where most would turn a blind eye, Don has taken action. With such simple actions Don has saved a number of lives. Don's story touched the hearts of all Australians and challenged us to rethink what it means to be a good neighbor.
The question is: What is the nationality of Don Ritchie?
The possible answers are:
A:American.
B:Canadian.
C:Australian.
D:Britain.Black is the color of power. It has the meaning of submission . It is popular in fashion because it makes people look thinner.
White is the color for brides . White is considered a summer color. White is popular in fashion because it is light and goes with everything.
Red is a hot and strong color. It can make the heart beat faster. It is also the color of love. Red clothes can make people look heavier. And red things get noticed more than things that are another color.
The color of the sky and the ocean, blue, is one of the most popular colors. It is often used in bedrooms. Blue can also be cold and make people feel sad.
Green means nature. It is the most comfortable color on the eyes and can improve vision . It is a calming color. Hospitals often use green because it can make patients relax.
Yellow is the most difficult color for the eyes to take in. Yellow is the color of sunshine. It is a warm color like red. On the one hand, it is the color of happiness and joy. On the other hand, it means fear and dishonest behavior.
The question is: The best color to make an excited person calm down is   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:white
B:blue
C:green
D:yellowNow throwing shoes at President Bush is a popular game on the Internet. It turns out that there are times when it's good to throw shoes.
After leaving his office in the center of the city, a young man bought a new car and drove it from the city to his home. He was very happy and the car ran very fast. Suddenly, a shoe hit the car door . The man got very angry. He jumped out of the car and caught a boy who still had a shoe in his hand.
"Who are you? Why did you do that?" the young man shouted at the boy.
"I'm sorry. But I don't know what else to do. My sister has been hurt. I cried for help but nobody stopped," the boy said.
The man looked around and saw a girl by the road. Her leg was bleeding .
"She is my sister. She wanted to cross the road but fell out of her wheelchair. She is too heavy for me. I can't get her back into the _ . "The man was moved. He helped the bleeding girl back into her wheelchair.
"Thank you. You're so kind," said the little boy. Life speaks to our hearts. Sometimes we don't have time to listen and it will throw a shoe at us.
The question is: Who threw a shoe at the car?
The possible answers are:
A:A small boy
B:A bleeding girl
C:A young man
D:An old ladySome people remember the things by writing notes to themselves. Then they leave the notes in obvious  places, such as on the table or on the floor in the middle of the living room. I don't think I like to write notes to myself. Most of the time I lose them or forget to look at them until it's too late. I prefer to use an alarm clock to tell me what I should do. I have ten alarm clocks in my house. They could tell me about things. For example, if I have to make a telephone call at a certain time, I'll set an alarm clock to go off a few minutes early and put the clock by the telephone. Or if I want to watch a certain television program, I'll set an alarm clock at the right time and put the clock on top of the TV set. I can remember almost anything if I use my clocks. However, sometimes an alarm clock goes off and I don't know what it means. I always remember setting it, but I do not know why I set it. If the clock is by the telephone, I know I may have set it to tell me to call someone, but I can't be sure. I might have set it to tell myself that somebody was to call me at a certain time.
The question is: Some people like to write notes to themselves so that they can   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:leave them in obvious places
B:remember what to do at a certain time
C:watch a certain program
D:make a phone call at a certain timeWhen you cough  or sneeze, please turn your head away from others and cover your mouth with the full part of your hand. Afterwards, you should say," Excuse me." This is a rule I set for my students.
It is so simple, but many kids have never been told to do _ . In fact, I notice adults cough and sneeze in public without putting a hand over the mouth. I hate traveling by underground in New York during cold and flu  season, because it is certain that someone is going to stand right behind me and cough or sneeze on my neck.
One important thing I point out to the kids is that after they sneeze or cough on their hand, they should wash their hands as soon as possible. Otherwise, they will be passing those _ along to everything and everyone they touch.
In order to help the students remember this rule, I tell them about an old story. It says that when you sneeze, evil spirits jump into your body. If you don't cover your mouth, the spirits will enter, but if you cover your mouth, you will keep them out, We say "God bless you" when someone sneezes, and in Germany  you should say "Gesundheit". That means "Good health to you." Both expressions are said that if you didn't cover your mouth in time and the spirits were able to enter your body. The kids love finding out the origins  of these expressions and it encourage them to put the advice to use more often.
The question is: The writer of this article must be   _   .
The possible answers are:
A:a reporter
B:a teacher
C:a doctor
D:an officerDick often goes traveling when the summer holiday begins. But he was out of luck this summer.
He went to an old temple on a high mountain by himself. On his way there it suddenly began to rain heavily and he hurried to go down the mountain. When he got to the foot of the mountain, he found the wooden bridge was under the water, so he had to spend the rainy night in a broken farmhouse. He was so hungry that he hardly fell asleep.
The next morning the rain stopped and he found the bridge was damaged. He saw the river was not too deep and tried to swim across it. In the middle of the river the water nearly washed him away. Luckily , two farmers saved him, but he lost his bag. They gave him some food and dry clothes. He thanked them and went to the nearest town to call up his parents.
At the end of the street, Dick found a small hotel and went in. He asked the price for a room.
"A room on the first floor is twenty dollars, on the second floor, fifteen dollars and on the third, ten dollars," answered the owner.
The young man had only eight dollars in all his pockets. He said thanks and was leaving. The owner asked, "Don't you like our hotel?"
"Yes, it's good," said Dick, "but it's not tall enough!"
The question is: What did Dick do the next morning when he found the bridge was damaged?
The possible answers are:
A:He went back to the temple
B:He stayed in a farmhouse.
C:He decided to swim across the river.
D:He asked the farmers for some food.It's seven fifty in the morning . The students are coming into the classroom.
A boy is opening the window. Some of the students are laughing and talking.
Some others are laughing to them. Some are reading books.Some are doing their homework.
Miss White is standing behind the teacher's desk. She is writing on the blackboard. Lucy and Lily are wearing their new dresses today. Mary is cleaning her desk. Jim is helping her. They all  look happy.
What are John and Tom doing? Oh, dear! They are still playing football on the playground.
The question is: The students are   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:in the school
B:at home
C:in a boat
D:on the playgroundAlice Brown lives in New York with her mum and dad and two brothers,Tony and Peter.It is Alice's fourteen birthday next week.The family has got two dogs,a cat and four rabbits.Alice likes cats and rabbits but her brothers like dogs.Alice's dad works in a hotel.He's a hotel manager.Her mum teaches English at a middle school.
Alice and her brothers study at the same school,but they are in different grades.She's in Grade Seven, Her brother Tony is in Glade Ten and Peter is in Glade Six.They live in a house near the school.They walk to school together every day.
Alice is interested in computers. At home she plays computer games in her free time. When she leaves school,she also wants to work with computers.
The question is: What does her mother do?
The possible answers are:
A:She works in a hotel.
B:She isa manager.
C:She studies English.
D:She is a teacher.1990 was a significant year in world enents. In Febbruary, Nelson Mandela was set free after 27 years in prison. In October, East and West Germany became one country again. Then at the end of 1990, the World Wide Web was born. For this final event we have one man to thank, Tim Berners-Lee, the father of the Web.
Berners-Lee was born on June 8, 1955 in London, England. His parents, both computer designers, encouraged him to think and work creativelhy as he grew up. He was an excellent student and naturally took an interest in computers and science.
After graduating from Oxford University, Tim went to work at a science research centre in Sfwitzerland. There be developed some of the different systems that would later become the Web. The first was HTML, the computer language used to make web pages. The second was an address system that let  computers anhywhere find each other and send and receive information. In 1990, while still at the science centre in Switzerland, he put them together to make the first Internet browser. It could run on any computer and allowed people to create  share their information with the rest of the world.
Tim knew that the more people used the Web, the more useful it would be. He wasn't interested in money but knowledge, so he gave out his invention for free to anyone who was interested. Many were interested and the growth of the Internet began.
Today Tim works as a professor at the MIT in America, researching new and interesting ways to use the Web. He has received many awards from governments and organizations for his efforts. He is still not very interested in money. That is why he is so admired by his students and workmates. It may also be one of the reasons that few people outside the world of technology know his name.
The question is: What is the passage mainly about?
The possible answers are:
A:The events that took place in 1990.
B:The history of the Internet.
C:The invention of the Internet browser.
D:The man who created the World Wide Web.Camilla Chomp was a strange little girl. She liked to spend her time alone eating chocolate. Her parents were worried, so they took all the chocolate away.
Camilla left her house to look for some chocolate. She found a small house full of bottles. Among the bottles, a blue bottle caught Camilla's eyes. It was full of chocolate. In the bottle there was also a card with the words "Change tears  into chocolate."
Camilla was very excited. She ran out of the house with the bottle to look for someone crying. First, she met a little boy crying hard and collected his tears. The tears were quickly changed into chocolate. While Camilla was collecting the tears, she comforted the boy. Finally, the boy stopped crying and they had a good time together.
Later, Camilla met a woman and an old man crying. The woman had broken some bowls. And the old man's dog had just died. Camilla collected their tears and made them happy again.
Soon, Camilla knew that making people happy was much more important than finding chocolate. So she stopped collecting tears and began to help sad people. As a result, she had many friends and had a happy life.
The question is: What caught Camilla's eyes?
The possible answers are:
A:A nice card.
B:A black dog.
C:A red cup.
D:A blue bottle.Hello, I'm Linda. This is a photo of my friend's family. Her name is Jane. These are her parents, Jeff Brown and Emily Brown. Those are her brothers, Harry and Dick. Is that her grandfather? Yes, it is. His name is Henry.
.
The question is: Harry and Dick are  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:sisters
B:brothers
C:cousins
D:parentsJune 11,2013 was another big day for Chinese space exploration. Shenzhou X, China's fifth manned spacecraft, was sent into space. Three astronauts, Nie Haisheng, 49, Zhang Xiaoguang, 47, and Wang Yaping, 33, stayed in space for 15 days.
Tiangong-1 is China's first space module . It was sent into space in 2011. It will be developed into a large space station around 2020. A space station is a lab for scientific studies.Shenzhou X performed its first docking with Tangong-1 on June 13. It docked twice during the 15 days.
The US, Russia, Japan, Canada and Europe are working together on the International Space Station (ISS).China wanted to join the ISS but was refused by the US. China decided to build its own space station.
Shenzhou X flew around the Tianggong-1 lab for the first time. This was to make sure that spacecraft could dock from more than just one direction. The astronauts carried out repair work and did experiments on the Tiangong-1.
Teaching from space
Wang Yaping, China's second woman astronaut, taught high school and primary school students about space science. Wang talked about how things move in a micro-gravity environment. This helped the students better understand some physics ideas, like Newton's Law. The lessons aimed to encourage more students to learn about the universe and science.
Life up in space
The three astronauts followed a work and rest schedule that is similar on the Earth. They had Chinese dishes, such as Kung Pao Chicken and fried rice. The food was kept in special bags. At the time of the Dragon Boat Festival, they had Zongzi.
The question is: China decided to build its own space station because   _   .
The possible answers are:
A:China was very rich
B:the US refused China to join the ISS
C:Chinese scientists wanted to do experiment in space
D:the astronauts wanted to stay thereMy father has a great sports collection .he love sports very much. And he loves all balls.  he likes playing basketball and volleyball. And he likes playing baseball and tennis. he also likes watching ball games. how many balls does he have? He has 15 basketballs,12 baseballs ,10 tennis bats.8 volleyballs and 14 baseball bats. and many other balls.
The question is: He likes playing  _  and
The possible answers are:
A:volleyball, baseball.
B:soccer baseball
C:ping-pong baseball.
D:soccer ping--pongFull of happiness and sadness, the year 2015 is coming to an end and we invite you, the foreign friends to share your stories with our millions of readers all over the world. We will choose some of the best and give prizes to the writers.
 _ 
Foreigners with some experiences about China during the past year. You may have visited for just a few days, stayed longer here or just met with Chinese in your own countries.
What to write?
Anything about China or Chinese people that happened to you. It can be Chinese food, buildings, tradition or anything you think worth writing about.
How to join?
E-mail your writing to readers@chinadaily.com.cn.
Rules: At least 200 words and one photo about your story. More words and photos are encouraged. Please write the information, such as who, what, where and when, below your photos. Prize: A mobile phone.
Deadline : December 26th, 2015.
The question is: The purpose of this passage is   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:to teach readers how to take a photo
B:to choose some best photos about foreign cultures
C:to ask foreigners to write down their feelings about China
D:to invite Chinese people to share their stories with foreignersI am Bill Jones. I am a teacher of English. My wife is Linda Jones. She is a nurse. We have a daughter and a son. We have many friends.
Look! These are my friends. This is Mr. Black. He is a worker. He works in a shoe factory He makes shoes there. That's Mrs. Black. She is a worker on a farm near here. The girl is their daughter. She is a student. She is thirteen. The boy is their son. He is a young soldier . His name is Carl Black.
The question is: What is Mr. Black's daughter?
The possible answers are:
A:She is a university student.
B:She is a middle school student.
C:She is a nurse.
D:She is a young soldier.Hello Kitty, the Japanese white cat with no mouth,has a lot of fans around the world. A new home for Hello Kitty was opened in China in the summer of 2014.
The Hello Kitty Theme Park was built in Anji, Zhejiang Province and this is the first Hello Kitty Park in China.Anji is known for its natural beauty. It has large forests and many bamboo groves . So the new Hello Kitty Park will be both a playland and a natural park. Children and visitors will enjoy the fun of games and learn about the environment at the same time. There are five gardens in the park. Each of them has a different theme of the five natural elements: water, wood,fire, metal  and earth.
Visitors to the amusement park will be able to enjoy 3D Games, watch Hello Kitty films and food service. Children can have lots of interesting activities here.
Now you see,Hello Kitty's new home was so interesting. So come and see it by yourself.
The question is: China has  _   Hello Kitty Park(s) until 2014.
The possible answers are:
A:one
B:two
C:three
D:fiveDear Micheal,
How's your vacation? I'm visiting my uncle in Spain. He lives in the sunny and beautiful city of Valencia, in Spain.
Yesterday, I had great fun. My uncle took me to the tomato festival in Bunol, which is just 30 miles away from where my uncle lives. You have probably never heard of this festival before. Neither had I. The tomato festival is called "La Tomatina"in Spanish. It was the biggest and messiest tomato fight in the world. When we first got to the square where the festival took place, it was very crowded with people from all around the world, and many trucks were carrying tomatoes. My uncle told me the crowded people here were around 38,000 and this was more than four times the population of Bunol.
The tomato fight started as soon as the first banger was beaten. Then everyone including me started throwing tomatoes at each other. I took red tomatoes and threw them at anyone that ran, moved, bent down, or turned around. Tomatoes must be squashed before people threw them in order not to hurt anybody.
After a little while, the streets, people and nearby buildings were splashed with red. There was no winner in this fight,but we all had fun. As soon as a second banger was beaten, people stopped throwing.
I really had a great time, I wish you were here, too. I hope I hear from you soon. Take care.
With love,
From Spain
Linda
The question is: From the letter,we can know   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:Linda lives in Valencia
B:Linda doesn't want to go to Spain
C:Linda is visiting her uncle in Spain
D:Linda is studying in Spain"He could have lived on his good looks, but instead he chose to live on talent and hard work." This is how Internet users praised Chinese swimmer Ning Zetao.
On Aug 6, the 22-year-old won the 100-meter freestyle at the 2015 FINA Swimming World Championships in Russia. He was the first Asian to ever achieve this. Overnight the 191-cm-tall, handsome young man became the nation's hero. Ning didn't let the sudden fame  get to his head. He said he only saw "a slight change" in his life after winning.
"My life is full of changes and challenges," he said . "I welcome them and am never afraid of _ ." The first big change in Ning's life came at 2009.At the time, he specialized  in breaststroke  and was successful. But he felt a sharp pain in his knee. He suffered  every time he practiced his kicks. When he was 16,the knee pain got worse, and he had to stop swimming the breaststroke. Then he switched to sprint freestyle swimming. Ning didn't let the change bring him down. Instead, he took advantage of it and became one of the best freestyle swimmers. Last year, he won four gold medals in freestyle races at the Incheon Asian Games in South Korea.
What is the next change Ning would like to see in his life? He said he wants to improve on his English. "English will help me communicate with foreign coaches and compete in the world games in the future." Obviously Ning has high expectations for himself at the Rio Olympics next year. We wish him good luck.
The question is: The best title of the article is   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:The freestyle swimming
B:Change for the best
C:Ning's life
D:The first Asian swimmerHello Sandy,
We have just returned form our holiday. We went with our friends,Edward Smith and his wife Tina, to the Yorkshire Moors. It is a beautiful natural park. There are lots of places to walk on the tops of the hills,miles of grassland with no people,just sheep and birds.
Edward had just come out of hospital and he could not walk as far as before. However, this meant that we walked in the mornings, and then stopped at a restaurant for lunch each day before returning to the place we lived in. Edward and I slept in front of the fire all afternoon, while the ladies went for another walk. Very pleasant!
I took lots of photos from the place we lived in, across the valley  below us, of the morning sunrise, and the mist in the valley. Also, in England, the old steam-powered trains are very popular. I took many photos of the train.
Yesterday we had the first snow of this winter. It is very early. We usually have snow in January. It rained all day, then snowed in the evening .Today we have bright sunshine! Both Jenny and I are well. I don't know if I told you, in the last e-mail , that Jenny is now working in a hotel. Although she has to work hard, people there are nice, and she is enjoying the work.
Please write to us to tell us your news.
Yours,                                                                  Victor
The question is: Where does Jenny work now?
The possible answers are:
A:In a computer company
B:In the hospital
C:In a restaurant
D:In a hotelMr and Mrs Smith have just opened a small restaurant. In order to _  , they put a notice in front of the restaurant, which said " Meals on the House for Three Days."
A foreign student who didn't know much English happened to pass by the restaurant on the second day. It was lunch time and he felt very hungry. "Well, here is a restaurant. I am going to have something to eat." He walked towards the restaurant when he saw the notice. " American people are really strange. They even eat dinners on the house! But how can I get up to the top of the house?" he said to himself.
He looked around and found a ladder  against a tree nearby. He was very glad. But as he reached the top he heard someone shouting at him. " Hey, what are you doing up there?" Mr Smith was looking at him angrily and beside him was a policeman.
" Don't your notice say " Meals on the House for Three Days"? Is it just a joke?" the foreign student answered.
On hearing this, both Mr Smith and the policeman laughed. " Don't you know what ON THE HOUSE means? Look it up in the dictionary," the policeman said.
The question is: The story happened in   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:the USA
B:Canada
C:England
D:AustraliaOne evening Charlie was on his way home from the railway station. When he turned round a corner, he heard footsteps behind him and he thought someone was coming near. He began to walk fast. The footsteps came fast, too. He slowed down. The footsteps also slowed down. Now he was sure that someone must be going after him. He tried to hide. Still the steps followed him. He didn't know how to save himself, so he jumped over some tall grass and hid himself in a cemetery . He threw himself down on one of tombs .
The man behind came near. Charlie could hear the man jump over the grass. Thoughts of thieves and robbers filled his mind. Charlie stood up and faced the man. "What do you want? Why are you coming after me?" He asked.
"I say," the stranger asked, "do you always go home like this, or are you taking some special exercise tonight? I want to go to Mr. Green's and don't know the way. The station master told me to follow you as you live next door. Excuse me for asking, but is there much farther to go before we get there?"
The question is: That day Charlie was   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:leaving the station for a cemetery
B:walking slowly along the street
C:on his way to Mr. Green's house
D:on his way back homeMy name is David. I'm 23and I'm a middle school teacher. I go to the school at 7:30 in the morning. I like sports. I play basketball every day.
My name is Jake Smith. I'm in China with my kids . I have a daughter and a son. My daughter Lisa is in Huangzhou Middle School. She likes yellow and white. My son Eric is only 6, but he can play ping--pong.
I'm Mary. I'm 10. My brother Nick is 11. He likes to play tennis after school. I have a nice room. It is tidy. But my brother's room is not the same. His books are always everywhere.
The question is: What sport does David play every day?
The possible answers are:
A:Soccer.
B:Ping-pong.
C:Volleyball.
D:Basketball.Do you feel you have enough time to do all the things you have to do or want to do? How do you think you could plan your day better? A daily schedule   will help you plan every part of it. If you learn to manage   your time, you will probably feel less worried. Here is how to do it. 1. Take out a piece of paper and a ruler. Draw a form of your waking hours, using one square   for each half an hour. If you're awake for 16 hours each day, you will need 32 squares: 8 across, 4 down.2. Sit down and examine your day. Make a list of all the things you need to do. Think about when you should do them. 3. Fill out your schedule. 4. Remember to give yourself breaks. If doing all of your homework at one time is too much, schedule a little bit of free time in the middle of it. 5. If you have an important thing to do but it's not on your schedule, _ other activities around it. 6. Think about using different colored pens for your different activities. In this way, you'll clearly know how your day is planned out.
The question is: In the writer's opinion, if something unexpected  takes place, you should   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:not mind it
B:work according to your schedule
C:adjust your other activities
D:forget about your scheduleI have some boxes. One is small . It's blue . One is full of books .It's red. The third is new. There is nothing in it . There are some old bottles in a big blue box. Today, I want to put the red box in the car, but I can't carry it. My mother helps me. And she can put the box in the car.
The question is: The  _  box is empty.
The possible answers are:
A:red
B:small
C:new
D:blueIf someone asks me: "Do you like music?" I'm sure I will answer him or her: "Of course, I do." Because I think music is an important part of our lives.
Different people have different ideas about music. For me, I like rock music because it's so exciting. And my favorite rock band, the "Fox Ladies   is one of the most famous rock banks in the world. I also like pop music. My classmate ,Li Lan, loves dance music, because she enjoys dancing. My best friend, Jane, likes jazz music  . She thinks jazz is really cool.
"I like dance music and rock very much,: says my brother, "because they are amazing."
But my mother thinks rock is boring. "I like some relaxing music." She says. That's why she likes country music, I think.
The question is: The writer's mother thinks that country music is   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:amazing.
B:boring.
C:relaxing
D:interestingThere are some vegetables in the garden and a big tree near the vegetables. They don't like each other, because vegetables drink much water, and the tree can't have enough water to live. He is very angry about that. So he wants to teach vegetables a lesson .
On a very hot day, the big tree doesn't share its shadow  with vegetables. It makes vegetables very hot. But there is not enough water to drink. So they soon become very dry. At that time, the gardener comes to see these vegetables. He is very sad, because all the vegetables are dry. Then he starts to build a new one.
The vegetables and the big tree can't drink water any more. The big tree feels very sad, because he uses a wrong way to teach the lesson.
The question is: Which of the following is TRUE?
The possible answers are:
A:The big tree doesn't want to drink any water.
B:The big tree always shares its shadow with vegetables.
C:The big tree and vegetables start to share water with each other.
D:The big tree thinks he is wrong at last.Mr. Green works in a high school. He likes reading and often borrows some books from the library. He keeps reading newspapers after supper. So he knows much and teaches well. His students loves him very much. Mike, his little son, is only nine. He also likes reading books. And he often asks his father some questions. Mr. Green always answers difficult ones.
One day Mike read something about phones and he was interested in it. He asked his father a few questions, and his father answered all.  His father said, " Fathers always know much, but sons always know little!" The boy thought for a minute and said," I don't agree with  you."
"Oh? Why?"
Mike didn't answer but asked, "Who invented the phone?"
"Bell." answered Mr. Green.
"Why didn't his father invent them?"
Looking at his son, Mr. Green didn't know how to answer it.
The question is: From the story ,we know that Mike is a   _  boy.
The possible answers are:
A:lazy
B:seven-year-old
C:clever
D:stupid( ).The most common disease in the world is the cold. It often starts with a sore throat . You sneeze and your nose runs. You usually have a headache, too. Often you have a cough later. It's not a serious disease, but you can feel quite bad.
There isn't a cure   for a cold, but you can take some medicine to make you feel better. For example, you can take aspirin   to get rid of   your headache. It is good to rest. and to drink a lot of water, too. A doctor once told me."With the right medicine. a cold will last for seven days. With no medicine, it will go on for a whole week!"
A long time ago, people understood that some plants made them feel better. For example, the juice of lemons   makes a sore throat feel better. In modern times, scientists have found out which chemicals   are in them. Man, of our medicines today are made from those chemicals. There are some diseases that we can't cure yet. And nobody has found a cure for old age. But because of modern medicines, the average people now live longer than their grandparents.
The question is: What makes a sore throat feel better?
The possible answers are:
A:The medicine aspirin.
B:A lot of water.
C:Something inside lemons.
D:The root of a plant.Many people think it is very exciting and admirable  to be an actor. The actors often wear the most beautiful and fashionable clothes and they can make a lot of money. Many people like them and they have so many fans. But in fact, the job of an actor can be very tiring and hard. To make good movies, for example, action movies, the actors need to go to some remote  places. There they don't have good places to stay or nice food to eat. They often have to get up early and go to bed very late. When they are too busy, they don't have time to sleep or relax. It's very hard.
The question is: Why do so many people think it is admirable to be an actor?
The possible answers are:
A:They think actors are fashionable.
B:They think actors are rich.
C:They think their clothes are beautiful.
D:All of the above.A long walk in the desert or the mountains can be exciting. And it's a great way to keep fit. If you carry a tent and some food, you can camp overnight. But wild places can be dangerous. Here's how you can enjoy walking and camping safely.
Before your trip
 Tell someone where you are going and when you expect to return. If you don't return on time, the people at home will know that you are lost or in trouble. They will know where to look for you.
 Make sure you've got a good map of the area that you're going to.
 Make sure you've packed the right equipment for your activities. The desert is often hot, but nights can be very cold, and sometimes there are big rainstorms. In the mountains, the weather can change suddenly. A sunny day can turn cold and cloudy quickly.
The tools for survival 
Sunglasses, sun hat, sun cream, windproof jacket, good walking shoes or boots, food, water, maps, compass, first-aid kit, matches, rope, knife, ground sheet,
the pack to carry your equipment.
What to do if you get lost
 If you're in a car and it has broken down, stay with your car.
 If you are not traveling by car, make yourself easy to see. A signal fire can be seen at night. During the day, smoke may be used to show where you are. A brightly-colored blanket  may help rescuers to find you.
 Stay where you are.
 If you walk for any reason, avoid walking during the hottest part of the day. Morning and evening walking is better for saving your energy water.
 Keep yourself away from the rain, wind and sun, but remember: try to make yourself be in sight.
The question is: What can we know from the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:A map and a compass will show the right direction to us.
B:It is a secret for us to tell where to go or when to return.
C:We should leave our car when it breaks down in the desert.
D:We have to keep walking while the sun is shining brightly.Corky was a brave young man and he dreamed of becoming the best fighter in the world.
To become stronger and get better fighting skills, he went to many schools. One day, he went to the best school in the world. Before entering the gate, he was made to hand in all his weapons  .
"You won't need those any more. Here you'll get better ones," said the guard. Corky handed his weapons to him. A serious old teacher took Corky to his room. Before he left, he said to Corky, "In a hundred days the training will start." A hundred days! At first Corky thought that was a joke, but he soon realized the old teacher had been serious. Corky felt nervous during the first days and he tried many ways to try to get the teacher to start the training. However, it didn't work. At last Corky waited patiently and enjoyed each day in the school.
"You've already learned how to use your main weapon - patience," said the old teacher. Corky could hardly believe it, but he really understood that the teacher was right. Finally, the lesson began. "Now it's time to learn how to win every fight," said the old teacher. That sounded good to Corky until he found himself tied hand and foot. Many villagers tried to hit him because they were told that Corky was a dangerous man. The same thing was repeated for days, and Corky knew he had to do something. He realized that the only way would be to deal with the villagers' anger  . In the following days, Corky kept talking to them until he managed to make them believe that he was not an enemy. In the end, the villagers made friends with Corky.
Finally, Corky knew what the most powerful weapon was. He said thanks to the teacher and left.
The question is: What can we infer  from the story?
The possible answers are:
A:Corky went to the school to kill his enemy.
B:Corky stayed at the school for over 100 days.
C:Corky was tied hand and foot because he was dangerous.
D:In the end, Corky killed the villagers.This Thursday, across the USA, kids are skipping school  and going to work with their parents. They'll be making copies, sending faxes  and sweeping floors. This is because April 28 is Take Our Sons and Daughters to Work Day all over the USA. This holiday shows kids what it means to be a grown-up in the working world.
I still remember when this day started, I was very happy. Not only did I have the chance to miss school, but I also got to sit in my dad's taxi all day long and we would go to a restaurant for lunch.
But after only 20 minutes of driving around the city, I was very bored. couldn't read my book in the car as I would get carsick  and my dad didn't like to turn on the radio. I got hot and uncomfortable. People wouldn't get into his taxi because they thought he already had a passenger-me, so nothing happened. It seemed years before we went out for lunch. I actually started to miss school.
While the point of the day is to give kids a chance to experience real-life jobs and give them an idea of the possibilities   for their futures, I got something completely different from the day. I learned to appreciate   school. Where else do you get to play with your friends, do science experiments, read great books and write stories all in one day?
Just as you'll have to learn to love your job later in life, learn to love school now. If you don't already, try spending the day at work with your dad.
The question is: That day the writer was happy at first for the following reasons except   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:she didn't have to go to school
B:she would work as a grown-up
C:she could sit in her father's taxi all day
D:she would go out for lunch with her fatherMany homes have cameras to protect them from danger. The cameras can tell the owners if someone has entered. But the cameras do not know whether the person is a family member, a friend, a postman or a criminal  .
But a new camera made by a French company can recognize   faces. It can tell parents at work that their children have returned from school, or that the mail has been sent to their home. It can also tell them if a stranger has entered their home. When family members enter a home, the smart camera "recognizes" them and sends information to the owner's phone. The owner can choose to see the video then or later. But if an unknown person enters a home, the camera will send a warning sound on the owner's phone.
This is what happened recently to a smart home camera owner named Damien. He lives in Paris.
"On a Friday I was at work, having a big monthly meeting when my phone moved. At first I told myself 'Oh, it must be a wrong warn,' but my phone was telling me there was a face that the camera did not recognize. Something was happening in my house!"
"I saw a person I did not know with his shoes on, which is not allowed in my apartment  . I watched it on the video. I felt quite surprised. I hurried back home as fast as possible and called the police on the way. Thanks to the smart camera, the criminal was caught soon," said Damien.
The question is: In Damien's apartment, people can't   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:wear shoes
B:watch videos
C:have cameras
D:send mailsMost children like chocolates, candies and other kinds of sweet food. Sometimes they put a lot of sugar into their food. They don't know that sugar is bad for their teeth. Children also like fast food. It is  _  delicious than home cooking, and children can take it away and eat it anywhere. Other children like to eat too much meat. Fast food or too much meat doesn't help _ a strong and healthy body.
Children grow fast. They need to eat more eggs, milk, corn ,fruit, vegetables and other healthy things. Eggs and milk are good for their bones. Corn gives them energy. Fruit and vegetables give them vitamins . Children should eat an egg, and have about 200ml of milk every day. It's best to drink milk after eating bread in the morning. They should eat 150g of corn to give them energy, too. They should also eat an apple or some other fruit with their breakfast. Eating enough vegetables is important for lunch and supper.
The question is: How many kinds of healthy foods are mentioned  in this passage?
The possible answers are:
A:Three
B:Five
C:Six
D:SevenLamu was a 12-year-old Tibetan girl. She wanted to go to Beijing to watch the 2008 Olympics. Only one month ago, Lamu still thought it would be difficult.
In the past Tibet had no railroad  . If Lamu took a bus, it would take her a long time to reach Beijing. And a plane ticket would cost lots of money.
However, things changed for Lamu. She was able to buy a ticket to the world's highest railroad. The Qinghai-Tibet Railway had been completed! The 1,142-kilometer railroad runs on the Qinghai-Tibet plateau  . Lamu could reach Beijing by train in 48 hours!
About 550 kilometers of the railroad are constructed on the frozen earth  . When the frozen earth warms in summer, it can move the track. But Chinese scientists have built a special structure to solve the problem. The Qinghai-Tibet Railway has been designed with the wild animals in the designers' minds. It also has special underpasses   for animals like Tibetan antelopes   to go through.
"The new railroad greatly helps Tibet's tourism,"said Liu Yueqin, an expert at the Chinese Academy of Social Sciences  .
As more tourists take trains to Tibet, there are more money for Tibetans. With the money, more kids can go to school.
The railroad also makes things less expensive in Tibet. Now one can buy a TV set for about 1,500 yuan. It used to be much higher than that price. When there was no railroad, it had been difficult to send things in and out of Tibet. With the new railroad, shopping can be more convenient   and faster.
The question is: Which of the following about the Qinghai-Tibet Railway is TRUE?
The possible answers are:
A:It is not the highest railroad in the world.
B:It's the longest railroad in the world.
C:Scientists have no way to solve the problem of the frozen earth.
D:Wild animals have special underpasses to go through.Birdwatching is becoming more and more popular in many parts of the world.
Birdwatchers enjoy looking for and listening to different kinds of birds.To watch birds, all you need is a pair of binoculars, a field guide and love for birds.
If you are just starting birdwatching, buy one of the cheaper pairs of binoculars.You can choose better ones when your needs and skills grow.A field guide helps you leam about the birds' appearances, calls and habits before birdwatching.
When you are ready, it's best to go to the wild with someone who is more experienced.You can join a birdwatching group to learn about some beginning skills.A local bird club is ideal.
Start birdwatching in the morning, when birds are searching for food.Most of the time, you will hear bird calls from all around you, but will not see any birds easily.Look for movement in trees, and bring your binoculars to your eyes.
The most important work for a birdwatcher is to identify the birds he/she sees.A bird's shape, size, colour and habits can help a birdwatcher identify it.When you identify a bird, don't forget to take notes about it on your notebook.
To find more and different birds, you may wish to plan trips to birds' different living areas: forests, lakes, rivers, wetlands, etc.
When watching the birds, you should always keep in mind: respect wildlife and protect its living areas.
The question is: Which statement is true according to the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:If we are just starting birdwatching, we can buy one of the most expensive pairs of binoculars.
B:Most of the time, we can hear birds calls from all around us and see birds easily while birdwatching.
C:We can join a birdwatching group to learn about some beginning skills.
D:We don't have to take notes about birds when we identify a bird.A.Choose the best answer (,)
Carole's Cooking Journal
Monday, April 6
This month, we had to choose an optional activity. Should it really be called "optional" if you have to do it? Unfortunately, I waited until the last minute to sign up. Many of the activities were already full, but I made a decision to join the Cooking Club because at least that way I would get a snack to eat.
Tuesday, April 7
It was the first time to be here. Like many of my ideas, joining the Cooking Club made sense at first but was turning out to be a disaster. Most people have been in the club for more than a year, so they already know what they're doing. And since they all know each other, they weren't exactly interested in a newcomer.
Thursday, April 9
What a terrible day! How could I know that if a recipe says to beat cookie batter  , you couldn't do it with your fists  ? I thought the other kids would never stop laughing. And it was not easy to get cookie batter off your clothes.
Friday, April 10
I have more funny things in Cooking Club. Now I know that chocolate mousse is a dessert and it isn't spelled m-o-o-s-e. "Mousse" and "Moose"   sound exactly the same. So I don't think my question about whether vegetarians  can eat chocolate mousse was really that silly.
Monday, April 13
One of my bright ideas worked out for a change! Everyone laughed when I handed out the chocolate "moose" cookie that I made yesterday, but this time I was laughing, too. The peanut butter antlers  were a _ . We're even planning to bake more cookies for the school food festival next week.
The question is: How did Carole feel when she joined the club for the first time?
The possible answers are:
A:Excited.
B:Frightened.
C:Pleased.
D:Lonely.Some time ago, a friend working in a part of the city I did not know very well, invited me to visit him. It took me hours to get there and I drove round and round looking for a place to park my car.  At last I found a place in a back street.  As I was already half an hour late, I parked my car quickly and hurried off on foot. Making my way rapidly along the street, I could not help thinking that it was much easier to walk than to drive.
At noon, I left my friend's office.  It suddenly stuck me that I had no idea where I had parked my car.  Walking down street after street, I examined each car closely and was greatly relaxed to see a small green car just behind an old truck. But how _ I was to discover that though the car was very much like my own, it belonged  to someone else. Quite tired now, I was ready to give up the search when I turned the corner.  I nearly jumped with joy: my car was just in front of me !
The question is: Which of the following sentences is TRUE?
The possible answers are:
A:The friend was his neighbour.
B:He found his car at last.
C:It took him a short time to find a place to park his car.
D:The small green car behind an old truck was his car.Lots of people get money from ATMs before going shopping. If you don't know how to use an ATM, read the following instructions  carefully.
*Put your card into the machine .
*Look at the screen. Input  your _ into the machine.
*Input how much money you want on the screen of the machine. Then press OK.
*Get the money from the machine. If you want, you can also get a receipt .
*Take back your card.
Remember these rules:
*Don't write your password on your card.
*Don't let other people know your password.
*If you lose your card, tell the bank at once.
The question is: According to the passage, you   _   .
The possible answers are:
A:shouldn't write your password on the card.
B:can let your best friend know your password.
C:shouldn't tell the bank that you lose your card.
D:shouldn't use the ATM to get your money.Beijing Opera is also called Peking Opera.. It came into being after 1790 when the famous four  Anhui opera troupe  came to Beijing. Its music and singing  came from Xipi and Er-huang in Anhui and Hubei. Its costtumes are all fascinating and artistic.It is the highest expression of the Chinese culture. It's full of famous stories , beautiful facial paintings, and wonderful gestures and fighting. This kind of opera is very popular with Chinese people.
There are four main roles in Beijing Opera: Sheng ,Dan, Jing and Chou. Sheng is the leading male  actor. For example , a Wusheng is a soldier or fighter .A Xiaosheng is a young man . A Laosheng is the comedy actor or clown.Dan is the female  role .  Jing,mostly male , is the face-painted role and Chou is the comedy actor or clown.
Stories in Beijing Opera are very intetesting . Some of them are from the history book ,but most of them are from the literature , especially famous novels . The people in the story usually have some disagreements. They become angry and uhappy . They are sad and lonely . Sometimes they are nervous and worried. Then they find a way to make peace . The stories usually end with happiness and lunghter and people are all happy in the end.
The question is: .Beijing Opera's singing is from   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:Anhui and hubei
B:Beijing and Anhui
C:the history book
D:the literature and novlsFor hundreds Of years, scientists have been trying to answer what things have an effect on people's emotions  . How you feel is controlled by many things. Your emotions can be affected by your personality, by the actions of others and by events around you. Perhaps you don't know your emotions can be influenced by the weather as well.
People often say they feel good when the sun is shining and sad when it is cloudy. In fact, sunlight makes us feel good. When sunlight hits our skins, our bodies produce a vitamin. Vitamins are natural chemicals   which we all need to stay healthy. Sunlight helps our bodies produce vitamin D. Vitamin D helps our bodies make a special chemical. This special chemical affects our brains   and makes us feel happy. For example, there are long, dark winters of little sunlight in Sweden and Norway, so many people in these countries often feel sad. Without much sunlight, their bodies produce less vitamin D. Without enough vitamin D, their bodies make less of this special chemical which makes them feel good. To help the people in these countries feel better, special "sunrooms" with artificial   lights have been built. People can go there and get "sunlight" for an hour or two!
The weather can also affect people's emotions in other ways. Hot weather can make people angry because people feel uncomfortable when they are hot. In the same way, rain can make people angry because being wet can be unpleasant. As you can see, the weather can have an effect on the chemicals which control our brains. Through these ways, the weather can influence our emotions. Sadly, while the weather can change us, we can hardly change the weather.
The question is: Which of the following is NOT mentioned as a factor   that can affect one's emotions?
The possible answers are:
A:Weather.
B:Actions of others.
C:Personality.
D:Age.A long time ago, my grandma and grandpa lived in a house with a big front yard. They planted lots of vegetables and flowers in the yard.
They worked hard to keep the garden growing. All summer long, the family ate food from the garden and enjoyed the flowers.
Years passed. It became harder for them to keep up the garden. So they made it a little smaller.
Then one summer Grandpa died. It was a lonely winter for Grandma. It was hard for her to care for the garden alone. When spring came, she planted just a few vegetables and flowers.
One day in the early summer, Grandma heard big noises in the yard. She looked out of the window and saw thousands of bees.
What could she do? Should she _ someone to get rid of the bees? But that would cost more than she could afford. She decided to wait.
Over the next few days, the bees were busy with their own business. Grandma decided the bees wouldn't bother anyone, so she didn't give them another thought.
That summer, Grandma's little garden grew and grew. The neighbors would stop to admire the big crop of vegetables and the lovely flowers.
One day, Grandma's brother visited. As Grandma made him delicious squash pan cakes  , she told him about the bees.
Frank said, "Farmers often hire beekeepers to set up beehives  . The bees, pollinate   the crops and help them to grow."
"So that's why my garden is doing so well!" Grandma exclaimed  . After that, she believed that Grandpa had sent the bees to take his place and make Grandma's little garden grow and grow...
The question is: The garden became smaller than before, because  _
The possible answers are:
A:the grandpa died
B:they became old
C:they didn't have enough money
D:Because they didn't need so much foodThere is a library in John's school. It's new and big. It's behind the classroom building. It has three floors.
On the first floor, there are two reading rooms. There are five big desks and thirty chairs in each reading room. John comes here and does his homework after class every day. On the second floor, there are a lot of books for students and teachers. They can't take the books away. They can only read books in the library. John thinks that _ is bad. On the third floor, there is a computer room with sixty computers. Students have IT lessons here. It's John's favourite lesson.
The question is: What can we learn from the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:John's favourite lesson isn't IT.
B:The library is behind the office building.
C:The books on the second floor are for teachers.
D:There are 60 computers in the computer room.Do you feel like sleeping after lunch? What should you do about it? Don't drink coffee or tea! Instead, take a nap .A nap may make you more energetic . You will remember things better and make fewer mistakes. Also, you can learn things more easily after taking a nap. It may even cheer you up.
But there is some advice you should follow about taking a nap.
First, take a nap in the middle of the day, about eight hours after you wake up.
Next, a 20-minute nap is good. If you sleep longer, you may fall into a deep sleep. After a deep sleep, you will feel worse.
And you should set an alarm clock. Then you can fully relax during your nap. You won't have to keep looking at the clock.2*1*c*n*j*y
The next time you feel like sleeping after lunch, don't get worried. Put your head down, close your eyes and take a nap.
The question is: What is the text mainly about?
The possible answers are:
A:Why and how to take a nap.
B:Advice on how to sleep well.
C:How to make your life colorful.
D:How to relax yourself.The word "shanzhai" originally means "mountain village",but it means"copy"in Chinese now.
I started to research this topic and found a whole new shanzhai world.There are shanzhai  products  and online games,even shanzhai culture.It is so popular that some people say to each other "have you shanzhaied today"?Like it or not,shanzhai has become part of our life in China.
I even met a famous engineer recently who has just had his shanzhai mobile phone.He was so proud of it and would not stop talking about all the functions while showing off the look of his phone.I could hardly see the back cover as he had stuck fake logos "iPhone","No-kia"&"LG"on it.
But why has shanzhai become so popular in China? Why do over 50 percent of the people surveyed by CCTV support it? Firstly,many may not realize it but for Chinese people,the word
"shanzhai" also reminds us of" the heroes of Liangshan".Secondly, there would be no shanzhai without the Internet.Shanzhai has caught the interest of millions of Chinese online.
There are also shanzhai celebrities.Many shanzhai singers can be seen performing in some
places where people cannot see performances by the actual"real"stars.These events are very successful,even though people know that they are not getting the"real"thing.
The question is: Shanzhai appears because of    _   .
The possible answers are:
A:the telephone
B:the television
C:the radio
D:the InternetProblem:
I'm bored. We have a day off because of the heavy rain. If you didn't go to school today, what would you do? Why? Linda
Some advice:
If I were you, I would be at home doing something, such as making my bed or helping my mother do some chores. That way, my room would be clean and my parents would be happy. Tina
I would do what I love! Maybe I would help Mom do some cooking. I would learn how to make dumplings. Kathy
I don't have enough time in one day to do all the things I want to. People who get bored usually don't have a good imagination  . There are lots of different books to read, websites to surf, people to visit and things to make. June
Well, if I were you, I would watch a good movie and then take a good nap  . Your brain   and body will then be relaxed and ready for classes the next day. Lisa
,. (10)
The question is: What's Linda's problem?
The possible answers are:
A:She doesn't have a job.
B:She feels bored.
C:She hates rainy days.
D:She feels awful at school.Long march exhibits. The Shenzhen History Museum is putting on an exhibition to mark the 81st anniversary of the Long March. On show are more than 220 photos and some other things that show how the Red Army made the Long March from Jiangxi Province and to northern Shanxi Province in the mid-1930s.
Time: 10:00 am --- 4:00 pm
Address: 1368 Shennan Road
Admission: 8 yuan for Chinese / 15 yuan for foreigners
Thai elephants. Eight elephants from Thailand are entertaining visitors at the Window of the World by riding bicycles, playing basketball, balancing on a beam  , dancing and blowing a harmonica  . People are encouraged to lie on the ground and have the elephants step over them. The elephants give three shows a day at 9:30am, 3:30pm and 8:00pm and there is an additional  show at 1:30 pm at weekends.
Address: West Huaqiaocheng
Admission: 60 yuan
Dancing dolphins. Dolphins leaping from the water to touch a ball, waving their bodies to music, kissing people and doing maths by tapping their tails have made the delphinium  in Shenzhen Ocean Park an attraction for children. Seals and sea lions also perform. Hours: 10:30pm, 4:00am, and 7:30pm
Admission: 40 yuan for adults and 20 yuan for children.
The question is: The delphinium in Shenzhen Ocean Park is a hall where you can see   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:not only dolphins but also seals and sea lions performing
B:only dolphins perform
C:seals and sea lions perform
D:only seals performMy good friend Lucy has a big   family. Many people   are in her family: her grandparents, her parents, her uncle, her aunt, her two cousins and she. Alan and Gina are her grand-parents. Nick and Sonia are her parents. Paul is her uncle and Mona is her aunt. Dave is Paul and Mona's son. He is 12. Linda is Dave's sister. She is 10.
The question is: Linda is Lucy's    _   .
The possible answers are:
A:brother
B:cousin
C:friend
D:sonShenzhen's fast development has made it become China's most crowded city! There are about 15 million people living on its 1991square kilometers. On each square kilometer averagely live 7500 people. It is 1080 more than that in Hong Kong, and nearly 800 more than that in Guangzhou.
Besides, Shenzhen owns 2 million local vehicles, and about 300000 vehicles from other places also run on the local roads every day. The total length of the city's road is 6041 kilometers. It means each resident only owns 0.58 meters of road!
As a result, the city is facing serious environmental and resource problems. One of the problems is water shortage. The amount of fresh water for each person of the city is only 25% of the country's average. What's more, most of the water drunk by Shenzhen people comes from other areas.
The question is: There are   _   people living in Shenzhen now.
The possible answers are:
A:about 1991
B:about 15000000
C:about 150000
D:about 300000Scientists have made the world's first human-sheep----with the body of a sheep and half-human organs . Amazing, but true. The sheep is15percent human and 85 percent sheep. The breakthrough makes it possible to use animal organs in human bodies in the future. Professor Esmail Zanjani of University of Nevada, US, has spent seven years And over $9 million on the work. Zanjani took stem cells  from the human body and put them into the sheep while it was still in its mother's body. The stem cells made other cells that grew into organs. Zanjani believe that in the future such sheep might be used to help humans. Two months later a human-sheep is born, it has a liver , heart, ling  and brain that are part-human. These organs could be used to help people in need of them. There are different opinions about his work, however. Some say that scientists don't have the right to create new creature . Using animal organ might bring animal viruses  into human bodies. Others are afraid that the work might change sheep. But Professor Anjani has said that this is impossible.
The question is: According to the passage, we know that the first human-sheep looks like  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:a sheep
B:a goat
C:a cat
D:an elephantThe brain receives information from the outside world through the sensory   system.This information is collected through the eyes,the nose,the ears,the mouth and the surface of the body.It is then kept in the memory.In fact,scientists do not completely understand how the memory works but they are not sure how much information that the human brain can store.Also, it appears that the information is never lost.Very old people often remember things that happened in their childhood which have not come to their minds for sixty to seventy years.If we have kept something in our memory, it is here.But can we get it out again and use it? That is the difficulty.
Some of the information we receive only goes into the Short Term Memory.We only keep this information for a minute or two,then we lose it.This temporary   memory is very important in our thinking and understanding.It is used,for example,when you try to remember a name that someone told you a moment ago or a telephone number that you are going to dial  .School children in class often seem to use the Short Term Memory if they are not interested in the subject.When school teachers describe this,they say that things go"in one ear and out in the other".But if a child is interested,he puts the information in his Long Term Memory, and he never loses it.Long Term Memory depends heavily on our understanding of the meaning of the information we receive.
The question is: Information is collected through the  _  of sight,hearing,smell,taste and touch.
The possible answers are:
A:sense
B:experience
C:practice
D:brightnessMr White works in an office. He's very busy and has no time to have a good rest. Every evening, when he comes back from his office, he's always tired and wants to go to bed early. But his wife often has a lot of interesting things to tell him after dinner. She doesn't stop talking until she falls asleep  . But it's usually too late and Mr White has to get up early in the morning when she is still sleeping.
One day Mr White felt terrible and couldn't go to work. He decided to go to see a doctor. Mrs White went to the hospital with him. Before her husband said what was the matter with him, the woman told the doctor all. The doctor wrote out a prescription  . When Mrs White took the medicine to the doctor's room, the doctor said to her, "The bottle of medicine is for your husband and the pills   are for you. "
"For me?" the woman said in surprise. "I'm fine. I don't need any medicine!"
"I don't think so, madam," said the doctor. "They are sleeping pills. Your husband will be all right soon if you take them. "
The question is: Mr White   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:has time to have a good sleep
B:is busy but he can have a good sleep
C:isn't tired and doesn't like to go to bed early
D:doesn't have a good restDo you know what Oscar is? When did it start? Maybe you can find the background of the awards in the following passage.
The awards started in 1929. Their full title is "The Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences Awards". The Academy is a group of people who have worked in the film industry for many years. They decide who will receive the awards. The awards are often referred to as the "Oscar". This is a nickname given to the awards by a lady called Margaret Herrick. She was once the director of the Academy and she once said that the little gold statue  reminded her of her uncle Oscar!
The Oscar is always an exciting event. Each year, at least one unusual thing happens. When the Italian actor and director Roberto Benigni won an Oscar for best foreign film, he danced on stage! When Gwyneth Paltrow, the star of Shakespeare in Love won the Oscar for best actress, she could not make her acceptance speech because she was crying so much with happiness!
In 1987, Roberto Benigni won the award for best director for a film about the last emperor of China. Since then, Chinese film and actors have started to make an impact at the award. Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon was a huge success and it won the award for best foreign language film in 2001. It also won several technical awards for its amazing "flying" people. We expect to see more awards for Chinese film in the near future.
It's time for the Oscar again. Once more, the stars will dress up in their finest and go to Kodak Theater. There, they will find out who had won the awards for best actor, best actress and best director. Millions of people watch the awards every year to find out who the winners are. Some people watch it to see the stars crying and laughing as they receive their awards.
The question is: Where are the Oscars held?
The possible answers are:
A:At the Academy.
B:in a Los Angeles restaurant.
C:At Oscar's house.
D:At Kodak Theater.Dear editor,
My English teacher is very strict with us. Several days ago, when we were in class, Tom asked me a question. But my English teacher thought we were speaking in class. She asked us to stand at the back of the classroom for a few minutes. This made me unfair. After that, I feel nervous in her class, so I don't like her class. However, I really want to learn English well. What should I do?
Yours,
Mike
Dear Mike,
I am sorry you are having difficulty with your English class. Every teacher wants his or her students to study hard. So I think you should have a talk with your English teacher and tell her what you were doing with Tom that day. If she knows your worries, maybe she will help you with your English. And she will be pleased to hear you want to learn English well. Of course, you should know that what your teacher did was good for you. When you are not trying as hard as you can, she has to stop it and try to help you. Wish you have a better life!
Yours,
Editor
The question is: What's wrong with Mike?
The possible answers are:
A:He doesn't like learning English.
B:He meets trouble with his English teacher.
C:He doesn't know how to get on well with his English teacher.
D:He doesn't like English any longer.Hello! My name is Emma. My favorite day is Friday. Do you know why?  We have four classes in the morning. We have a music lesson on Friday morning. It is my favorite subject. I also like other three lessons in the morning. They are English, Chinese and math. In the afternoon we usually have three classes, but on Friday afternoon we only have two classes P.E. and oral  English. P.E. teacher is my favorite teacher because her lessons are very interesting.
The question is: Emma's favorite subject is  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:English
B:music
C:Chinese
D:mathEverything has a name. All people, places and things have names.Cities and towns have names,too.Schools and office buildings also have names. Names are important.
We use names every day.When we meet a new person, we usually ask"What's your name?" It's important to learn a person's name. Most people have two names. Some have more names. Names are different all over the world, so it is very difficult to remember  all of them.
In the USA, most people have a first name, a middle name and a last name. Parents choose the first name and middle names for their babies.There are names for boys and names for girls. For example, John, Peter, Tom and Mike are all names for boys, Elizabeth, Bonnie, Susan and Mary are all girls' names. The last name is the family name. Usually it is the father's family name.
The question is: Usually the last name is  _  family name.
The possible answers are:
A:the father's
B:the mother's
C:the parent's
D:the grandmother'sA man went out with the wrong boots, one with a thick sole and the other with a thin one. As he began to walk, he felt uncomfortable, for one foot was higher than the other. He felt very strange and said, " Is there anything wrong with my legs today? Why is one of my legs long, and the other short? "
A _ told him that he was wearing the wrong boots. He look down and found that it was really so. At once he asked his servant  to go back home and get another pair.
After a while the servant ran back to him. There was nothing in his hand. So he was angry and shouted at him, "Why didn't you get me the right boots?" "There's no need to change them," the servant said. "The pair at home is the same, one with a thick sole and the other with a thin one."
The question is: Why did the man feel uncomfortable when he began to walk?
The possible answers are:
A:Because the road was too bad.
B:Because he didn't know the way
C:Because he wore the wrong boots.
D:Because he had no boots.A 50-year-old American officer came back to his school. The teacher asked him to give a talk to the small boys and girls there. The talk was about the love of their great country. All the little ones were sitting in a large meeting-room. The old officer went up and began speaking. He said , " Boys and girls . I studied in this school forty years ago. When I was your age, we were not as happy as you are today. Think about it and answer me, why are you so happy now?"
No sound came from the children. The old man waited for a long time. Then a short boy in the front put up his small dirty hand. "Good boy! Please answer me, dear." said the officer.
With a big smile on his face, the boy stood up and said, "If you speak long enough, we won't have Maths and biology lessons this morning."
The question is: After reading the last part of the story, we know the  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:the short boy liked the talk very much
B:all the children liked the talk
C:the short boy didn't like to study his lessons
D:some of the children liked to listen to a funny storyBeing shy keeps many Chinese people from getting to know westerners. You may feel nervous about making language mistakes in front of a native English speaker.
But remember, westerners living in Asia know how it feels to try to communicate in a foreign language. They have made many mistakes when speaking Chinese!
So don't worry about speaking imperfect English. The important thing is just to communicate. Start talking, and make some foreign friends!
Many westerners value  their privacy . Don't be surprised if your new friend doesn't want to include you in everything he does. This may seem strange to Chinese who worry about that their friends will get lonely.
Chinese people often expect their good friends to give advice and take care of them in many ways. If you expect this kind of care from westerners, you may be disappointed. Why? Because most westerners value _ . They feel insulted  if others think they can't take care of themselves. They will assume  you feel the same way.
Of course, these tips  are just rules of thumb  and may not apply  to all westerners. Each person you meet will have his or her own ideas about friendship. When you get confused , don't be shy and worry to ask questions. Your new western friends may also have many questions about Chinese culture, and they may be hesitant  to ask. So encourage them to ask questions, too.
Be honest and open to your friends. Respect each other's differences. The friendships you make can be lifelong treasure both for you and your new friends.
The question is: .What do you think the foreigners may not be insulted with?
The possible answers are:
A:Giving advice.
B:Taking care of themselves.
C:Getting care from good friends.
D:Getting help.If you are going to Europe, you might consider taking some time to visit Provence. Whether you are interested in beautiful places, ancient history, good food, or music and theater, Provence has something to offer to you.
Provence once was a Roman province and is in the southeast of France now. You will be attracted by its green hills, olive trees, and old towns with pretty houses. Visitors can find forests, colorful flowers, horses, and people with smiles there. Provence is also "the city of dream in Europe." Some people say it is Provence that makes France so romantic.      The place should play an important part in the romantic stories.
The Flowers: Provence is the hometown of lavenders and sunflowers. Lavender means "waiting for love". It also means beautiful. The mountains of Lubero is the most beautiful area across France. And there are also many kinds of lavenders. Compared with the fantastic flowers Lavender, sunflower is a lot warmer. Under the sunlight, thousands of yellow sunflowers are smiling at the sun.
The Food: The people there are well-known for keeping their traditional lifestyles. And in the restaurant, you will have the experience of eating the food that has the too much use of olive oil. The food is fresh and healthy. All the things make Provence become the heaven to those who like delicious food.
The other activities: Provence is the Kingdom of city. They hold many parties, dance, and festivals. You can even see a bullfight in the towns of Arles and Nimes, or enjoy great shows with the famous stars.
May to July are the best tourist months. Not only the red sky, the sweet smell of olive, but also the wonderful lavenders, make Provence send out the breath of romantic.
The question is: Where is the passage probably from?
The possible answers are:
A:A history book.
B:An English-learning newspaper.
C:A book on France cultures.
D:A travelling magazine.I have been very lucky to make many trips to China. Though I have had some trouble with the language, I have never had a problem I couldn't solve. As a native English speaker ,I can go almost everywhere in the world and find someone to communicate with. I never thought that someone who speaks only Chinese would have a lot of trouble in my country.
Recently, the King family that I had met in China moved to Canada. I met them at the airport. My wife and I made meals for them and showed them around where we live. Everything seemed to go smoothly for the first two days as we looked for a car for them, showed them the way to different stores and the nearest city, Victoria. Mr. and Mrs King had a two-year-old son and soon we became Nainai (grandmother) and Yeye (grandfather). We were having a good time but we didn't realize Mr. King can't speak English.
Luckily, Mrs. King can speak very good English. Many people with Chinese background live near us. In fact, none of them speak Chinese. Mr. King can't even buy a mobile phone without his wife's help. He can't talk to me, of course. By the third day, he felt lonely and worried. And on the fourth day, we decided to take them to a large Chinese community.
Now, we often visit them and they visit us too. Sometimes Mrs. King would still like to live near us but Mr. King cannot. I feel bad because he seems very nice and smart but I can't talk with him. It seems that neither of us will learn the other's language because of our ages, maybe we will never have a friendly conversation. But we will think of each other as friends.
The question is: The writer doesn't have any trouble in travelling around the world possibly because   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:he's very lucky
B:he speaks very good English
C:he's good at speaking Chinese
D:he is good at communicating with othersToday I took Frank to have a training class  . We got there earlier than most of the other dogs and _ .
Mr. Brown helped us teach our dogs some skills  . When the dog did it, he said, "Good dog!" He was a serious man but he laughed a lot with dogs. He said Frank was smarter than other dogs.
Next to Frank was also a smart dog. His name was Sam. His short legs made him look funny, but he could run faster than many of the bigger dogs. His owner was a quiet girl and looked a little shy. So I said hello to her first. I hoped she could be my friend.
At the end of the class, Mr. Brown told me that Frank did the best this class and he would give him a ball.
The question is: What did Mr. Brown do during the class?
The possible answers are:
A:He taught dogs some skills.
B:He fed dogs.
C:He gave dogs balls.
D:He talked with dogs.Lily is ten years old . One morning her good friend MeiMei says to her, " Next Friday is my birthday. Would you like to come to my birthday party?" Lily says " Yes, I would like to".
On Friday, Lily asks her mother, " Can I go to MeiMei's birthday party" "Yes, but you must be polite .and I want you to sing a song for your friend." "Ok. Mum" Lily answers and goes to MeiMei's home on foot. Then she buys a toy for MeiMei.
At the party there are many children. Some are dancing . Some are talking. Some are playing cards. And Lily is singing an English song .There are some apples , oranges , bread , and a big birthday cake with eleven candles on it . The children sit around the cake. MeiMei makes a silent wish, and then blows the candles out in one breath. The children have a good time. Then Lily goes home by bus.
The question is: What is Lily doing at the birthday party?[
The possible answers are:
A:singing
B:dancing
C:playing cards
D:talkingWhen we talk about village teachers, we often think of difficult conditions, heavy teaching tasks and little income. But there is a village teacher who makes his teaching jobso interesting. His name is Liu Yuesheng who is now called "the most beautiful teacher", Liu comes from Liugang Village Middle School in Dagang, Tianjin. The school is a rural area middle school. It has only about more than 300 students and teachers. Though the school is small, it is only a village school that takes the municipal   scientific research projects in Tianjin. Since Liu started to work at Liugang Village Middle School in 1999, he has led his students completing the 300 designs and reportings of national patents  .
Liu spent three years writing a book called Practice and Invention. In this book, he mostly tells people his teaching experience. The inventions of his students won the silver medal in the national youth science and technology competition. The rural students improve their living skills while they are inventing. Many of the students start their own business after graduation .
Liu also guided his students to make a big 260 Model Airplane. He often takes his students to go to the wetlands   and take photos during holidays. In order to call on people to pay more attention to protecting environment, he further watches the number of the birds with his students. Today , the wetland aerial  of his school of has reached the UAV  level.
The question is: Liu yuesheng has been teaching Liugang Village Middle School for   _  years.
The possible answers are:
A:20
B:18
C:15
D:12Mr. Clark was a very busy man. He always worked hard. He often forgot his family's birthdays.Yesterday afternoon, he remembered it was Mrs. Clark, his wife's birthday.  He loved his wife. He wanted to give her a gift. On his way home from his hospital he bought some nice flowers in a shop.
When Mr. Clark got home, he gave his wife the flowers and said," Happy birthday to you, dear! It's September 28thtoday. I remembered your birthday this year." Mrs. Clark laughed and said ," My birthday was the day before yesterday. But thank you all the same. Better later than never!"
The question is: Mrs. Clark's birthday was on  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:September 29th
B:September 28
th
C:September 26th
D:September 20
thDo you like traveling? How can you make your trip more interesting? Here's some advice.
Read!
Before we leave, we should find some information about the place you want to go to, such as its geography, its history and its famous people. And we should read them carefully. So, we can really understand that place during our trip even though we don't have much time.
Take photos!
Most of us take a camera  when we travel, If you want to take some photos, remember to choose the most special sights, Don't choose the sight we can see in other places. For example,Beidaihe, Qingdao and Zhuhai are _ cities. Don't only take photos of the sea. You should take photos of something special, too.
Taste!
Don't buy the food that you like most because you can buy it in your own city or town. You 'd better taste something special in that place. Food in some places is very delicious. And from food, you can find its food culture. So why not taste it? Maybe you have just one chance to taste it in your life.
Write!
When you visit a place, you should take a pen and a notebook, so you can write down what you see and what you think during the trip. Later, when you read it, you'll feel that you can find the pleasure  during the trip.
,.
The question is: During the trip we'd better taste   _   in that place.
The possible answers are:
A:something tasty
B:something delicious
C:something favorite
D:something specialHelping your child to read and write at home will improve your child's skills and confidence---it will also better equip  them for learning in the classroom  environment. Reading and writing skills are needed by every child in every subject in every year of their school life and outside school. As parents, you can play an important role in improving your children's literacy by practicing reading, writing, spelling and speaking with them outside school. This kit includes a number of tips on how to help. By listening, asking questions, giving information, and reading with your child outside school hours---you can make a difference. Students who improve their reading and writing will increase their vocabulary and their ability to use English correctly. This kit includes tips on how to help your child to read, write and spell, such as:
reading aloud each night
including children in everyday conversations
listening to your child
reading your child's writing
using a dictionary
encouraging your child to talk about events that don't involve the parents
trying not to ask questions that require a "yes" or "no" answer
practicing reading and writing by filling in forms, writing letters, sending cards, or e-mails.
The Premier's Reading Challenge is also a wonderful way to encourage your child to read. You can help your child by encouraging him or her to join the Challenge and discuss the books they are reading.
The question is: From this passage we know parents can help their children improve  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:listening and writing skills
B:reading and listening skills
C:listening and speaking skills
D:reading and writing skillsAt East China University of Science and Technology,students will get a coupon   if they eat up their food.Students can collect coupons and exchange them for small gifts, such as books, magazines, mobile phone covers and hand warmers.
"It's been such a surprise," said Liang Zahaoyun, 19, a student at the university in Shanghai. "It has given us one more motivation to finish our food. "
The measure is part of a national "eat-up" campaign  which is organized by students to deal with food waste on campuses .
Why only on campuses, you might ask? Because according to a report by Xinhna News Agency,students waste twice as much food as the national average .
The campaign on campus food waste is receiving attention across the country.
"The aim of the campaign is not only to encourage students to finish their food. We hope it can also encourage students to choose a more environment-friendly and healthy lifestyle," said Tao Siliang, secretary of the Youth League Committee at Shanghai University.
But some school food is poorly prepared, so students do not like to finish it all. Some schools have taken notice of this and they are taking measures to improve it.
"I'm glad that we've reduced food waste since the 'eat-up' campaign began. But if we call on students to waste less food, we should also improve the service and food standard on campuses." said Tao.
The question is: The best title for this passage may be   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:Enjoy Your Food!
B:Reduce Waste on Campus
C:Meals in Universities.
D:"Eat-up" Campaign on CampusMy name is Mike. I have a big family. It's Saturday morning. My grandfather is sitting on the sofa near the window. He is reading the newspaper. My grandmother is taking photos of some flowers in the garden near the house. My father is watching sports games on TV in his bedroom. Basketball games are his favorite but he can't play basketball. Where are my two sisters? Oh, look! Lily is over there. She is listening to music. She likes music very much. Lucy is in her room. There is a computer in her room. She is surfing the Internet . She is writing an e-mail to her friend. What am I doing? I am doing my homework. Do you know who is cooking?
The question is: How many people are there in Mike's family?
The possible answers are:
A:5
B:6
C:7
D:8Now many people like the game Angry Birds. Here is a piece of good news for them--soon there will be a lot of Angry Birds-themed activity parks around the world.
The first two parks opened in Finland last year, and a few other parks are going to open in the UK. However, people still don't know when and where Angry Birds-themed activity parks will open in the UK.
"As a kind of online game, it is popular with people of all ages. It's really an interesting game. And the parks will be interesting places for everyone around the world," said Peter Vesterbacka, an officer of Angry Birds Company. He also said, "We want to make Angry Birds a part of pop culture. We're just getting started."
Angry Birds-themed activity parks have many interesting places for children to play. They like _ very much. People can see the characters and colors from the game in the park. People can also play the Angry Birds game on large screens in the park. The company wants to invite people to not only play it on the sofa, but to go out, move around and have fun. So everyone will be happy in Angry Birds-themed activity parks.
The question is: Lots of people think Angry Birds is very   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:boring
B:easy
C:interesting
D:difficultA woman repeated a bit of gossip  about a neighbor. Within a few days, the whole village knew the story. The person she talked about was deeply hurt and angry.
Later, the woman spreading the rumor  learned that it was completely untrue. She was very sorry and went to a wise man to find out what she could do to repair the harm.
"Go to the marketplace," he said, "buy a chicken, and have it killed. Then on your way home, pick its feathers and drop them one by one along the road." Although surprised by this advice, the woman did what she was told.
The next day the wise man said, "Now, go and collect all those feathers you dropped yesterday and bring them back to me."
The woman followed the same road, but she was so _ when she found the wind had blown the feathers all away. After searching for hours, she returned with only three in her hand.
"You see," said the wise man, "it's easy to drop them, but it is impossible to get them all back. So it is the same with gossip. It doesn't take much to spread a rumor, but once you do, you can never completely undo( ) the wrong."
The question is: Why did the the woman feel sorry ?
The possible answers are:
A:She didn't know the story.
B:She hurt her neighbor deeply.
C:She was hurt deeply.
D:She was told an untrue story.Mrs. Green is going to give a birthday party for Mary. Mary is her daughter. She is going to be ten years old. A lot of friends of Mary's are going to come to the party. There are twenty girls of them.
Mrs. Green is getting ready for the party. Mrs. White is helping her.
"That's a big nice cake," Mrs. White says to Mrs. Green.
"Thank you very much."
Mrs. Green is going shopping now. She is going to buy fruit for the party.
She buys lots of pears, apples, oranges and bananas. Then she goes home.
It's five o'clock in the afternoon. Everything is ready. Now the first girl is arriving. The party is going to begin in thirty minutes.
The question is: How many people will come to the party?
The possible answers are:
A:The twenty girls
B:ten girls
C:Twenty girls and Mrs. White
D:More than twentyWhen Abraham Lincoln was young, he worked in a store. One day a woman came into the store and bought some things. They added up to two dollars and six and a quarter cents.
The bill was paid, and the woman was satisfied. But the young storekeeper, not feeling quite sure about his calculations  , added up the things again. To his surprise he found that it should have been but two dollars.
"I've made her pay six and a quarter cents more," said young Abe, upset.
It was an unimportant thing, and many salespersons would forget it, but Abe was too careful for that.
"The money must be paid back," he decided.
At night, he closed the store and walked to the home of his customer. He explained the matter, paid over the six and a quarter cents, and returned satisfied.
Here is another story of young Lincoln's strict honesty. A woman entered the store and asked for half a pound of tea. The young man weighed it out. This was the last sale of the day.
The next morning, when beginning his duties, Abe discovered a four-ounce weight on the scales  . It flashed upon him at once that he had used this in the sale last night, and so, of course, given his customer short weight. Many people would not have been much worried by this discovery. But Abe weighed out the balance of the half pound, shut up the store, and carried it to the customer. I think that the name, so often given in late times to President Lincoln, of "Honest Old Abe", was well deserved  .
The question is: What happened to Abe in the second story?
The possible answers are:
A:He played a joke with the customer.
B:He wasn't paid two dollars and six cents.
C:He didn't notice a four-ounce weight on the scales.
D:He explained the matter to the customer that night.The students were having their Chemistry class. Miss Hua was telling the children what water was like. After that, she asked her students, "What's water?" No one spoke for a few minutes.Miss Hua asked again,"Why don't you answer my question?Didn't I tell you what water is like?"
Just then a boy put up his hand and said, "Miss Hua, you told us that water has no colour and no smell. But where to find such kind of water?The water in the river behind my house is always black and it has a bad smell. "Most of the children agreed with him.
"I'm sorry, children."said the teacher,"Our water is getting dirtier and dirtier. That's a problem.
The question is: The water in the river has a bad smell because it is getting   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:more and more
B:less and less
C:cleaner and cleaner
D:dirtier and dirtierWhat would life be like if you give up using your cell phone? Will it become boring?
Twenty-eight eighth-graders at St. Matthew School in San Francisco will tell you it can still be rich and colorful.
These students took part in their school's "tech-free" challenge. They couldn't use cell phones for two weeks from Nov 11 to Nov 22.
The idea was to help students understand how technology has affected their lives, said Denise Uhl, principal of the school.
Uhl did a survey on technology usage among the eighth-graders before thinking of the challenge. She found that 84 percent of the students said they didn't like it "when everyone was on their cell phones", but they didn't know what to do about it. The answer was actually easy --- to stop constantly using cell phones.
To help students understand the point, Uhl created the activity. It was warmly welcomed among students.
"I wanted to sign up for the tech-free challenge because it was just really a good idea to do it," eighth-grader Joe told local newspaper Catholic San Francisco. "I wanted to get closer to my family. And it really worked. I started to hang out with my family more. We watched more family movies and we played a lot of board games."
The activity also helped students develop their interests.
During the two weeks, Lucas said he spent much more time outside, picking lemons in his garden. Maddie finished a painting and Cassie created a scarf on a loom  .
The question is: Uhl's survey on technology usage showed that   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:students liked to play games together on their cell phones
B:some students felt that they couldn't live without cell phones
C:many students felt annoyed when others were on their phones
D:some students believed that technology improved their studiesFour years ago my sweet mom went to be with her Lord. She did it her way.
I got the call at work, and I headed home quickly. Mom and Dad lived on a small farm that they had owned since I was seven. I hated going there every weekend. There was nothing for a young girl to do but watch the one station on the old TV set, if the weather allowed reception .
My mom, on the other hand, loved the peace and quiet of the land and loved to work in the garden among her flowers and vegetables. The place was simple, with no indoor plumbing or heat. We had a big wood stove in the kitchen that did its best to heat the little farmhouse, but it always seemed cold and too quiet to me.
In the evenings, my mom and I would sit for hours singing in the little kitchen. I sang the melody and Mom harmonized. Her favorite song was "Moon River" and we sang it over and over. Mom told me stories about how when I was a little girl, I could sing before I could talk. She loved to tell how my playpen sat in the kitchen next to the radio and there was one song I particularly loved called "Ivory Tower".
As time passed, I had my own children and went to visit the farm every week or two. The kids loved the farm and the tractor rides with my dad. Me, well, I still hated the silence of the farm. While my mom loved to sit at her kitchen table and look out at her garden and flowers and retell all the old stories, I missed the hustle and bustle of my life at home. But I sat there listening quietly as she _ .
Now, I sat back in the silence and the silence was deafening so I finally leaned over to turn on an old radio. Music always comforted me.
My heart skipped a beat. "Moon River" was playing on the radio. I sat there stunned, with a tear running down my cheek, as I listened to every familiar note.
Then the radio announcer of this oldie station came on. "Here's one we haven't heard in a while," and an unfamiliar song began. I began to cry harder as I heard the words sung over the airwaves. "Come down, come down from your Ivory Tower...".
The question is: Which of the following statements is NOT true according to the passage   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:The writer was able to sing before she could speak.
B:The writer preferred to live a busy life in the city.
C:The writer was still quite familiar with the song "Ivory Tower".
D:The writer treasured all her childhood memories in the small farmhouse.Sam was an English student. He always stayed at home for his holidays. But last winter he thought, "I have never left the country. All my friends have been to Spain. They like it very much. So this year I'm going there for my holiday."
First he went to Madrid and stayed in a small hotel for a few days. One morning he went out for a walk. In his country people drive on the left, but in Spain they drive on the right. Sam forgot about this, and while he came to a busy street, a bike knocked   him down.
Sam lay on the ground for a few seconds and then he sat up and said, "Where am I?"
An old man was selling maps at the side of the street. He quickly came to Sam and said, "Maps of the city, sir?"
The question is: Sam came from  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:England
B:Spain
C:Madrid
D:a hotelThere is one word you must learn before you visit the USA. That is "Freeze". Remember it has a special meaning besides the usual one. It means "stand still and don't move". Often policemen use it when they are ready to use their guns. If one doesn't obey the order and moves, he or she will be shot to death.
One evening in Los Angeles, someone rang the bell of a house. It was a dangerous area at night, so the _ of the house took his gun with him when he answered the door. He opened the door and saw a strange man. But the man turned round and started walking away from the house. The owner cried: "Freeze", but the young man went on walking without obeying the owner's order. The owner thought he was trying to run away, so he shot at the young man and he was killed.
Later, police found that the dead man was a Japanese student who was studying in Los Angeles University. He went to visit a friend, but unluckily could not remember the number of the house. When he realized he went to the wrong house he turned round and left. He didn't know much English and so didn't understand the word "Freeze". What a lesson we should get for this!
The question is: Which of the following is right?
The possible answers are:
A:When you hear the police or someone say "Freeze" in the USA, you must stop moving.
B:Don't ring the bell of anyone's house in the USA at night.
C:At last, the police found the dead man was a thief.
D:The owner of the house was put into prison.One day a rich man meets Sam. The rich man asks, "I hear you're very clever and nothing is difficult to you. Can you tell me why you are so clever?"
Sam answers with a smile, "Oh, I am not clever. Instead   , you are too foolish ." The rich man becomes very angry.
Sam says, "Please don't be angry. If you don't believe  me, now let me ask you a question. If you put together one group of sheep and another group of sheep, how many groups of sheep do you have?"
"Why! That's an easy question. One and one is two, and anybody knows that. I have two groups of sheep."
Sam laughs and says, "You are wrong. When two groups of sheep are put together, there is still one group. That's the easiest question in the world."
The question is: Sam asks the rich man  _   question.
The possible answers are:
A:an easy
B:a difficult
C:a bad
D:a goodDifferent people have different skin  colours. Some have black skin, some have yellow skin, and some have white skin. There was a woman in Alaska. Her skin was orange in colour. It was almost the colour of orange juice.
How did this woman become orange? She ate lots of tomatoes, carrots and pumpkins.
She ate too many orange things. That's why she turned orange.
The woman didn't want to be orange. She went to the doctor. The doctor said,"Stop eating orange things. Eat some green things." The woman did so, and she wasn't orange any more.
The question is: The woman in this story had  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:orange eyes and hair
B:orange skin
C:only orange
D:yellow skinKindergartens(  ) may teach you very important things you need to know.Dancy, a 5-year-old boy, saved his father's life with the skills he learned.
The boy's father became seriously ill on the way home from a father-son shopping.He couldn't speak and could hardly move, but he tried hard to stop the car safely.At that point, Dancy used his father's phone to call his mother for help.The 5-year-old boy tried his best to give her useful information and he was able to tell where they were.Just as he had learned in the kindergarten, Dancy read the letters he saw on a nearby store sign: "F,U,R,N,I,T,U,R,E." But that wasn't enough for his mother to find them.Then he added that they were near a bridge.Finally, his mother understood he was talking about a store called Furniture 22 on New Jersey's Route22.The mother called 911 and the father was saved in time.
"He just thought his dad needed help," Dancy's mother told the reporter.She also pointed out that her husband was a hero, too." It is surprising for him to get off  the highway (  ) and get himself and his child to safety even when he was so sick," she said.
Shine, head of the kindergarten, felt proud of his pupil." Dancy's spelling skills helped him _ the moment," he said."And that's the real value   of education."
The question is: When the father became seriously ill, he and his son were   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:on the highway
B:at home
C:in a shopping center
D:in a hospitalIn the United States, sixteen, eighteen, and twenty-one are important ages in a person's life. There are no special celebrations for these birthdays, but each is a time when a person can do new things to mark their transition  into adulthood.
After turning sixteen a person can work, get a driver's license and leave home. Many high school students learn to drive and get part-time jobs soon after celebrating their sixteenth birthday.
At the age of eighteen a person in the United States can vote and smoke, but they are prohibited from going into nightclubs, buying wine or gambling  until they are twenty-one.
In many Latin  cultures, a young woman's fifteenth birthday is important. At this age, she is regarded as an adult. To mark this special day, families with teenage daughters have a celebration called a Quinceanera. The day begins with the young woman and her family going to church. Later, there is a party and many guests are invited.
In Japan, young people became adults at twenty. At this age, they can legally  vote, drink wine and smoke. The second Monday in January is a national holiday called "Coming of Age Day". On this day, twenty-year-old celebrates by first going to church to pray with their families. Later, they listen to speeches given by city and school leaders. Afterward, they may celebrate with family or friends late into the night.
In some countries, birthday celebrations continue through adulthood. Some people celebrate their fortieth and fiftieth birthdays, or their retirement  year, with a huge party.
The question is: Which of the following is not the turning point in a person life in the USA?
The possible answers are:
A:The 15
B:The 16
C:The 18
D:The 21Tahiti is the largest island of the French Polynesia in South Pacific. It covers 1,045 km and has a population of 183,600.The weather there is neither too hot nor too cold. It's always warm and humid.
Tahitian people are very friendly and welcoming. They welcome visitors with music, dance and flowers. The  Tiare Tahiti flower, which can only be found in Tahiti, is used for greeting arriving visitors and returning family, It's popular for women and men to wear the flowers behind their left ears.
In Tahiti, there are always a lot of things to do and to see. Around the island are hundreds of places perfect for diving. In the waters, you can meet all kinds of colorful fish and many other living things that you can't name. Feeding sharks is another exciting popular activity. You can stand in the water behind a safe rope to watch a shark trainer hand--feed the sharks, or enjoy this fantastic scene from the boat. If you want to find a place to swim, have a sun bath or admire the beautiful sunset, Pointe Venus Lighthouse, a black sand beach, is a great choice.
In the evening ,you can have Tahitian food, Chinese food and French--style dishes at To'ata, a square with many small restaurants. All kinds of fruit juice from coconut milk to pineapple juice can be found everywhere. Some hotels in Tahiti are built above the waters. Beautiful fish swimming below can be seen through the glass floor or coffee table. They are really wonderful places to relax and refresh you.
Tahiti, an amazing place to do everything or nothing at all, is waiting for you.
The question is: Tahitian people use  _  to greet arriving visitors.
The possible answers are:
A:flowers
B:drinks
C:fruit
D:fishScientists have written a report on the future of trade and industry. They talk about the role robots will play in industry.
What is a robot?Basically ,it is a machine which is designed to do the work of a human being. It is usually controlled by a computer. Once it has been given a set of things to do,it will do the job on its own.
Nowadays,Britain has 120 robots at work in industry. This compares  badly with other industrial countries. In Japan,there are 4,000 robots in use. In the USA there are 2,000 and in Germany there are 500. According to the report,the government must help people understand how robot technology can be used. Also,people must be educated to know how important this new technology is. The designing of new robots will be very important in the future. The report says that special robot centres should be set up where people who design robots and people who will use them work together. The assembly  work of the future will be complex . So firms  must develop robots to do it.
The question is: Today,  _  is using the most robots for industry.
The possible answers are:
A:Britain
B:the USA
C:Japan
D:GermanyWe all want to live comfortably and safely here, so here are some rules. we hope that all residents can follow.
Cleaning  The main stairs are cleaned twice a week by the Association, so please try to keep them tidy and clean and do not leave furniture or bags on the stairs or in the hallways.
Rubbish  Rubbish collection is on Tuesdays. Please do not leave rubbish bags out before Tuesday.
Noise  Try to make less noise. Loud music can disturb others and we will get in touch with you if you make too much noise.
Safety  Make sure the main outside door is always locked and do not let anyone get into the main building unless you know who they are.
Problems  . If you have any problems or questions, please call Mr. Wu at 13662687439. You can also chat with him by QQ 34567890
The question is: What's the purpose of the notice?
The possible answers are:
A:To attract more new residents.
B:To make friends with the residents.
C:To ask the residents to follow the rules.
D:To make an advertisement for the apartment.Everyone has a family name. In China, the family name is the first name, but in English countries the family name is the last name. Do you know how English people get their family names? And what do they mean? English people usually get their family name in these ways  .
Some family names come from the places of their homes. A man live on or near a hill, his family name may be   Hill. In England, people's names may be Wood, Lake because they live near the wood   or the lake.
Some family names come from a person's job. If a person is a cook, his family name may be Cook.
And many people get their family names from their father's family names. If you hear the name "Jackson", you can know that he is the son of Jack.
The question is: Jack's family name is Cook. His family name may come from the   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:place
B:hobby
C:job
D:countryDifferent from popular thoughts, colds are not caused by bad weather. Colds are caused by viruses  in the body, and you are better out on the snowy day than you are in a warm room, with your friends, who just may be passing the virus around. If you feel a chill   when you are coming down with a cold, you are already sick. A chill is an early sign of the cold.
The virus can spread through air when a cold - sufferer  coughs or sneezes. Surprisingly, this is not the most usual way of spreading, Many studies have now shown that most colds are " caught " by hands. A cold - sufferer rubs her nose, so spreading the virus to her hand. Then a friend comes to visit her. They shake their hands. The friend then gets something to eat by hand, and several days later she catches a cold. Although some parents pick up their children's tissues   and carefully throw them away, they fail to wash their hands. They'll catch the colds, too.
Cold viruses can also be spread by objects, for example, telephones, plates. The cold - sufferer as well as other members of the house, by washing their hands often, will stop the viruses from spreading in a way .
The question is: Colds are caused by   _   .
The possible answers are:
A:bad weather
B:viruses
C:chill
D:your friendsWhat is the sky? Where is it? How bright is it? What lies above it? These questions are difficult to answer, aren't they?
Is the sky blue? The sky has no color. We know that there is air around the world. When planes fly, they need air to lift their wings. Planes can't fly very high because the air gets thinner when they go up higher. If we go up about 1,200 kilometers from the earth, we'll find no air there.
When we talk about the sky, we usually mean the atmosphere around the earth. It is like a very thick "cover" over the earth and keeps it warm. Without the "cover", the earth would be a very cold place and nothing could live on it.
Looking up above us, you will see the blue sky with white clouds. It is usually light blue, but the sky would be dark blue if you go to the top of the highest mountains. And you will see fewer clouds between you and the sun.
And if you sit in a spaceship high above the earth, there is no air at all. The sky would be so dark that its color would be black.
Sometimes the sky doesn't look blue. When the sun rises and falls, you will see red, orange, and other colors in the sky. These are the most beautiful moments of the day.
Now you may understand that we see colors because the air scatters   the sunlight. Light travels through the air. Without air, there would be no light and no colors.
The question is: Which of the following is TRUE?
The possible answers are:
A:There is little air without light and colors in the sky.
B:The sky will look red, orange and other colors at noon.
C:The sky has only one color when the sun rises and falls.
D:The sky is dark blue if you go to the top of the highest mountains.A bus stops at a small bus stop. A man is hungry and he wants to buy some cakes. It's raining  hard, he doesn't want to go out in the rain. He sees a boy. "Come here, boy!" he cries. "Do you know how much the cakes are?" The boy says yes. The man gives the boy four dollars  and asks him to buy two cakes. "One is for you and one is for me." Three minutes later, the boy comes back. He's eating a cake. He gives the man two dollars and says: "Sorry, there is only one cake left."
The question is: How much are they if we buy five cakes?
The possible answers are:
A:five dollars
B:Four dollars
C:Ten dollars
D:Fifteen dollarsOnce there was a huge apple tree.A little boy loved to come and play around it every day.He loved the tree and the tree loved to play with him.
Time went by---the little boy had grown up and he no longer played around the tree every day.One day, the boy came back to the tree and he looked sad."Come and play with me, " the tree asked the boy."I'm no longer a kid.I wouldn't play around the tree any more." the boy replied."I want toys.I need money to buy them." "Sorry, I don't have money.But you can pick all my apples and sell them.So, you will have money." The boy picked all the apples on the tree and left happily.The boy never came back after he picked the apples.
One day, the boy returned and the tree was so excited, "Come and play with me, " the tree said."I don't have time to play.I have to work for my family.We need a house for shelter.Can you help? " "Sorry, I don't have a house.But you can cut off my branches to build your house." So the boy cut all the branches off the tree and left happily.The tree was glad to see him happy but the boy never came back since then.The tree was again lonely and sad.
One hot summer day, the boy returned and the tree was pleased."Come and play with me! " the tree said."I am sad and getting old.I want to go sailing to relax myself.Can you give me a boat? " "Use my trunk to build your boat.You can sail far away and be happy." So the boy cut the tree trunk to make a boat.He went sailing and never showed up for a long time.
Finally, the boy returned after he left for so many years."Sorry, my boy.But I don't have anything for you any more.The only thing left is my dying root, " the tree said with tears 1
"Good! Old tree root is the best place to lean on and rest.Come and sit down with me and rest." The boy sat down and the tree was glad and smiled with tears 2
The question is: The boy picked all the apples on the tree because   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:he wanted to eat them
B:he needed money to buy toys
C:he liked the tree without apples
D:he wanted to share them with friendsThink stars don't move? Think again! When you look at the sky at night, the stars may appear to stay in the same place. But stars are always on the move--they are just so far away that the movement is hard to see.
But some stars move in ways that appear to be strange to be real. In 2005, astronomer Warren Brown found one of these space oddities . It was located on the outer edge of the Milky Way, the galaxy  we live in. The star was speeding away like nothing he'd ever seen. "It seemed unbelievable. No star in the galaxy has a speed like that," Brown remembers. "I thought, oh my goodness, I have something kind of special here."
No one had ever seen a star like this one. What does a scientist do when the results don't make sense?
Brown didn't give up. Instead, he kept looking. And he kept finding more of these strange and speedy stars, called _ stars. Hyper means "above" and velocity has to do with speed. He and his team just found six more of these "above speed" stars, bringing to the total of 16. And, he says, he's found even more, and is just waiting for the scientific community to confirm them.
The question is: Which of the following is TRUE?
The possible answers are:
A:Stars never move at all.
B:No star in the galaxy has a fast speed.
C:It's hard to see the stars moving.
D:Brown has never seen something special.How do you usually celebrate your birthday? Playing a soccer game may not be your first choice. But Lu Han, the former EXO singer, did just that and showed has an unusual side of him.
Lu Han celebrated his 25th birthday by playing a soccer game with players from Beijing No.47 High School on April 19th in Beijing, a day before his birthday. He scored three goals in the game.
Lu Han has often shown on Weibo that he is a big soccer fan and his favorite soccer team is Manchester United. He said more than once that he used to dream of becoming a professional soccer player.
So what was Lu Han's performance like on the pitch ?Fan Zhiyi, the former captain of the Chinese national soccer team, played with Lu Han in a friendly match in 2013. He thought that Lu Han is a top amateur player.
,A, B, C, D.
The question is: When is Lu Han's birthday?
The possible answers are:
A:On April 18th.
B:On April 19th.
C:On April 20th.
D:On April 25th.Running Man is a variety show which is aired in SBS, a famous South Korean TV channel.
The show broadcasts on Sunday every week. The translation can be watched on the Internet every Monday. It's very  interesting and funny. In the program, everyone should keep running.
Here are some information of its hosts and hostess.
Liu Zaishi, the main host of the show, is known as National Moderator(,). His friendly, witty and lovely hosting style makes him become one of the most popular hosts and comedians in South Korean.
Jin Zhongguo, the strongest man on the show, is known as Sparta-kooks . During the race, he can capture others quickly. But sometimes, he can be very cute.
Song Zhixiao, the beautiful actress who is also called Mong Zhi, where "mong" means "confused", because of her facial expressions which makes her seem confused.  During the race mission, she is ace  because of her superior ability to capture.
Young people in Korea love the program very much. Why? Because some South Korean stars will be invited to take part in the  race every week . They are divided into several teams with MCs. Many stars have participated in the program, for example, Li Minhao, Girls'Generation , Jin Xiuxian etc. What's more, the program is not only relaxing but also educational--- It teaches people the importance of team spirit.
The question is: What makes Liu Zaishi one of the most popular hosts and comedians in South Korean?
The possible answers are:
A:His handsome look.
B:His friendly, witty and lovely hosting style.
C:His facial expressions.
D:His ability of capture.Many parents today worry about their children's diets. Then what is a healthy diet for children? Miss Jones from Happy Children Hospital gives the following advice:
* Children shouldn't eat food with too much salt, because it can cause high blood pressure .
* Children should eat food with less fat, oil and sugar. They should not eat too much _ .
* Fruit and vegetables are rich in vitamins. Children need to eat fruit and vegetables often.
* Water is important to everyone. Children need to drink enough water every day.
* Children need to eat breakfast every day. It is good for their bodies and minds.
The question is: Miss Jones is possible a   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:teacher
B:doctor
C:shop assistant
D:a waitressA Nepalese teenager had made a PS 23 solar panel ( ) using human hair.
Milan Karki, who is 18 years old and lives in a village, used human hair to replace  silicon, which is a common but expensive part of solar panels. By using hair as a replacement, Karki says that solar panels can be produced for around PS 23.
Karki got the idea from a Stephen Hawking book, which explained how to create energy from hair. The device   that Karki has showed can produce 18w of energy -- plenty to _ a mobile phone.
"Half a kilo of hair can be bought for only 16p in Nepal and last a few months; but a pack of batteries   would cost 50p and last a few nights," according to The Daily Mail.
The solar panel is easy to service as the hair is easy to replace. Karki has now sent out several devices to other places near his home for testing. He said, "First I wanted to provide energy for my home, then my village. Now I am thinking for the whole world."
The question is: From the passage we know Karki is
The possible answers are:
A:handsome and clever
B:clever and helpful
C:lazy but clever
D:handsome and helpfulGood evening, everyone! Let's talk about some of the new and the old everyday shows. The news is on Channel  Six from 6:00 to 7:00 every evening. Johnson has been reading the news for many years. He and his group always do their job well. The same channel is also good for late night watching. At 11:30 every night, Ted talks with famous people on this 90-minute show Night Time. He always has interesting people on. This week, three movie stars are going to talk about their new movies. In the afternoon, Channel Eleven has a good children's show The Children's Room at 3:30. This show has interesting cartoons. They keep children happy and entertained  for hours. Channel Three has the best game shows. They ask some interesting questions and give away  a lot of money and gifts. It's really a good way to learn about the world in the game shows.
The question is: Johnson's show is   _   every day.
The possible answers are:
A:from six to seven in the morning
B:from six to seven in the evening
C:from five to six in the morning
D:from five to six in the eveningForget about Super Junior. We now have TFBOYS. TFBOYS is a popular Chinese boy band made up of three members. They are Wang Junkai, 14, Wang Yuan, 13, and Yi Yangqianxi, 13. The boys are all junior middle school students. The band name TFBOYS means The Fighting Boys.
TFBOYS started in 2013, but has become popular in just one year. Fans love their sweet looks and cute voices. Their songs are full of positive energy. In their latest single Magic Castle(<>), they call on teenagers to not be afraid of dreaming big.
The three boys are all top students in school. Wang Junkai, the eldest, has recently taken the senior middle entrance exam . We hope he's done well.
The question is: The band name TFBOYS stands for  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:The Fighting Boys
B:The Famous Boys
C:The Friendly Boys
D:The Fat BoysThere was once a man called Mr. Flowers, and flowers were his only joy in life. He spent all his spare time in one of his four glass-houses and grew flowers of every color, with long and difficult names, for competitions, he tried to grow a rose of a new color to win the silver cup  for the Rose of the Year.
Mr. Flowers' glass-houses were very close to a middle school. Boys of around thirteen years of age were often tempted to throw a stone  or two at one of Mr. Flowers' glass-houses. So Mr. Flower did his best to be in or close by his glass-houses at the beginning and end of the school day.
But it was not always possible to be on watch at those times. Mr. Flowers had tried in many ways to protect his glass, but nothing had been useful. He had been to report to the headmaster, but this bad not done any good. He had tried to drive away the boys when they threw stones. He had even picked up all the stones around his garden, so that the boys would have nothing to throw, but they soon found others.
At last Mr. Flowers had a good idea. He put up a large notice. It was made of good, strong wood. It was some meters away from the glass-houses. On it he had written the words: DO NOT THROW STONES AT THIS NOTICE. After that, Mr Flowers had no further trouble: The boys were much more attempted to throw stoned at the notice than at the glass-houses.
The question is: Mr. Flowers' good idea was to   _
The possible answers are:
A:write some words on the glass
B:put up a larger notice to cover his glasshouses
C:give the boys something else to throw stones at
D:send for policemenHere are some advice about trips.
1. Forget fashion! Always wear your most comfortable clothes when going on long trips.
2. Travelling on trains and buses can be boring, so take a good book to read.
3. If you're going somewhere cold, remember to put on warm clothes!
4. If you are going somewhere sunny, remember to bring your sun-block and sunglasses.
5. Always take a camera with you to _ those special moments.
6. Look after your things well whenever you go to a busy place, like a train station. There are many thieves  there!
7. Most countries have lower prices for students, so if you are a student, take your student card with you.
The question is: From the passage, which is a good way to keep away a boring trip when you're on a train or a bus?
The possible answers are:
A:Taking a camera
B:Reading a good book
C:Listening to music
D:Sleeping for some timeTom has got a big family .His grandparents are in America.His parents are in China . His father is a manager and  his mother is a teacher .They have got two children . Tom is a boy and Jane is a
girl . Tom is thirteen and Jane is eight . Jane and I are good friends and we are in the same class .
The question is: What s this family like ?
The possible answers are:
A:Big
B:Small
C:I don tknow.
D:Yes,itis.A small man goes to the cinema. He buys a ticket  and goes in. But after two or three minutes he comes out. He buys a second ticket and goes in again. After a few minutes he comes out again and buys a third ticket. Two or three minutes after that he comes out a third time and asks for another ticket. But the girl says to him, "Why are you buying all these? Are you meeting friends in the cinema all the time?" "No, I'm not doing that." the small man says, "But a big woman always stops me at the door and tears(  ) my tickets up."
The question is: From the story we can guess  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:the small man is the first time to go to a cinema.
B:the big woman at the door doesn't like him.
C:the small man is afraid of  the big woman.
D:the small man doesn't want the big woman to tear his ticket up.One afternoon, my son came home from school and asked me, "Are all people the same even if their skin color is different?" I thought for a moment, then I said, "I'll explain. Let's go to a fruit store first. I have something interesting to show you."
At the store, I told him that we needed to buy apples. And we bought some red apples, green apples and yellow apples.
After we got home, I told Adam, "It's time to answer your question." I put one of each type of apple on the table: first a red apple, followed by a green apple and then a yellow apple. Then I looked at Adam, who was sitting on the other side of the table.
"Adam, people are just like apples. They come in different colors, shapes and sizes. See, some may not even look as delicious as others." As I was talking, Adam was examining each one carefully.
Then, I took each of the apples and peeled them, placing them back on the table, but in a different place.
"OK, Adam, tell me which one is the red apple, the green apple and the yellow apple."
He said, "I can't tell. They all look the same now."
"Take a bite  of each one. See if that helps you tell which one is which."
He took big bites, and then a huge smile came across his face. "People are just like apples! They are all different, but if you take off the outside, they're pretty much the same on the inside."
"Right," I agreed. "Just like everyone has their own features but they are nearly the same."
He completely got it. I didn't need to say or do anything else.
Now, when I eat an apple, it tastes a little sweeter than before. What perfect fruit it is!
The question is: I feel that apples taste a little sweeter than before because  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:they are delicious enough
B:they are perfect fruit for thinking
C:they are safe fruit
D:my son falls in love with themA small man goes to the cinema. He buys a ticket  and goes in. But after two or three minutes he comes out. He buys a second ticket and goes in again. After a few minutes he comes out again and buys a third ticket. Two or three minutes after that he comes out a third time and asks for another ticket. But the girl says to him, "Why are you buying all these? Are you meeting friends in the cinema all the time?" "No, I'm not doing that." the small man says, "But a big woman always stops me at the door and tears(  ) my tickets up."
The question is: "No, I'm not doing that." Means  _   .
The possible answers are:
A:He isn't seeing a film
B:He isn't meeting his friend
C:He wants to buy the tickets for the big woman
D:the big woman doesn't let him inTom, a 15-year-old boy, couldn't hear anything after the whole night computer games and MP3 listening. He was excited and yelled   after the MP3. When he walked out of his room the next morning, he could hear nothing about his mother's words. His mother sent him to the doctor at once. It was moderate   hearing loss  .
Do you have an MP3 player? Do you use it to listen to your favorite music? A survey   shows that lots of young people enjoy listening to their MP3 players. And they always listen to them at high volumes  . There are about 100 million people listening to MP3 players in Europe every day. Most of them are young people. Scientists have found that if people listen to MP3 players at a very high volume for more than five hours a week, they could lose their hearing in five years.
High-volume music can keep people excited, so young people would like to keep their players high. It's too bad for the ears. So the MP3 listeners should keep the player within safe volume levels, no higher than 60~70 of full capacity  . If people near you can hear your MP3, that means you are keeping your MP3 at a very high volume, turn it down, please!
The question is: What didn't Tom do before he had moderate hearing loss?
The possible answers are:
A:He played the computer games.
B:He yelled after the MP3.
C:He listened to the MP3.
D:He went to see the doctor.Peking Opera (Beijing Opera), is one of the oldest forms of dramas  in the world. The roles  in it were Sheng, Dan, Jing, Mo, Chou, Wuhang, and Longtao during its early age. But with the change of Peking Opera, there are four main roles in it today: Sheng, Dan, Jing and Chou.
Sheng----Men Roles
Sheng are the men roles in Peking Opera, which can be divided into Laosheng, Wusheng, Xiaosheng and Wawasheng.
Laosheng are middle-aged or older men who are honest. Hongsheng,a type of Laosheng, have a red face. There are only two roles famous as Hongsheng. One is Guan Gong and the other is Zhao Kuangyin. Wusheng are young generals  who are good at martial arts . Xiaosheng are clean-shaven  and handsome. Wawasheng are children's parts.
Dan----women Roles
Dan are women roles that can be divided into different types----Laodan, Qingyi, Huadan, Wudan and Caidan.
Laodan play old and clever women. Qingyi are the main women roles. Huashan, a type of Qingyi, was created by Mei Lanfang, who played an important role in shaping Peking Opera. Huadan are lively and unmarried women roles. Wudan characters are women, good at martial arts. Caidan are clowns  in funny plays.
Jing----Painted Face Men Roles
A Jing role is an important man character with striking  looks and high social position. The main types of Jing are Tongchui, good at singing and usually a general; Jiazi, good at acting with less singing; and Wujing, a martial arts and acrobatics  role.
Chou----Comedy Roles
Chou are comedy  roles in Peking Opera. There are Wenchou who speak, act and sing, and Wuchou who both speak and fight. What makes this type of role special is a small patch  of white chalk around the nose. One of the famous roles is the Monkey King, who has a special position in the hearts of all who are interested in Chinese opera.
The question is: The passage is mainly about  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:the roles in Peking Opera
B:the changes of dramas
C:the forms of dramas
D:the positions of dramasA man was walking along the street when he saw a woman carrying a large box. It was half in and half out of her car. So the man went up and said, "The box looks very heavy. Let me give you a hand."
"That's very kind of you," the woman said, "I'm having a lot of trouble with it. Maybe it sticks   in the car door."
"Together we'll soon move it," the man said. "I'll get in and take the other end." And he got in the car.
"Right," the man said. "I'm ready," and he began to push the box hard.
For several minutes, the man and the woman tried to move the box. Soon they felt very tired.
They rested for a moment. Then the woman said, "Let's try again. One, two, three!" They went on moving the box.
At last, when they were _ , the man said, "I'm sorry, but I don't think there's any way to get it out of your car."
"Get it out?" the woman cried. "I'm trying to get it in! You know?"
The question is: What do you think of the man?
The possible answers are:
A:He is a helpful man.
B:He looks very strong.
C:He is funny and stupid.
D:He likes to play jokesPracticing yoga  is a helpful, popular way to keep fit. It has many followers around the world. There are many kinds of yoga. You may have heard of "hot yoga" before. Now, in India, a new kind of yoga, water yoga, is becoming more and more popular among the local people.
In the city of Agra, people practice yoga in water. It is more difficult to practice yoga in water than on land. But practicing yoga in water can be good for your flexibility  .
Harish Chaturvedi, a lawyer, teaches people water yoga _ --even the poor people can learn from him. "Water yoga can become more popular than other kind of yoga, because the body does not get tired so quickly," he said. "Everybody can learn to swim, but if they learn yoga at the same time, they will never feel tired."
"The level of Oxygen  is very high in water, and you will not have any breathing problem," he added.
Harish believes that water yoga really helps people to keep away from illness. He mainly trains children. He has classes at the swimming pool of a local sports room regularly. Many children are interested in it and come to team from him.
"Harish is very good at performing yoga in water," said Sudhir Narayan, a water yoga student. "He is teaching children free of cost and that is a very good thing."
The question is: What can be the best title of the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:Ways to keep fit
B:Water yoga in India
C:Hot yoga in the world
D:Harish Chaturvedi and his classesSometimes we feel good, such as when we get good grades or when something good happens. Sometimes we feel bad, such as when we argue with our classmates or when the teachers criticize us. Both kinds of feelings are common. Of course, we all enjoy good feelings, but when we feel unhappy, sometimes we don't know what to do about it. Here is a plan that will help you when your feelings are bothering you.
1. ACCEPT your feelings. Say to yourself, "I am sad. " "I am scared. " "I am angry. " "I am embarrassed. " It's all right to have these feelings.
2. RELAX and have a rest before you act.  Take slow deep breaths   and relax your body. Imagine that you are in a safe place.  You can listen to some music or sing a beautiful song !
3. THINK about ways to help yourself. Thinking helps you do something smart instead of hurting yourself or making things worse.
4. DO something to help yourself.  Maybe you can talk to someone, or do something you enjoy. _ , go back to Step 3.
The question is: Which of the following is NOT TRUE according to the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:We felt good when we won the prize in the competition.
B:We felt bad when we lost our expensive things.
C:We can say to ourselves that we are pleased when we feel bad.
D:We can tell someone about our bad feelings when we are sad.A man goes into a restaurant one day. His clothes are very nice. He sits down at a table near the window.
A waiter comes to him and says, "Can I help you, sir?" The man says, "Yes, please. Can I see the menu  ?"
"Sure," answers the waiter. The man wants a good meal and he wants a lot of nice dishes. After a moment, the waiter brings them to him. The man has his meal happily. At this time, a boy comes in and sits down besides the man. He asks the waiter to give him ice cream. The man says, "I will be back in 5 minutes." Then he goes out. After the boy eats his ice cream, he stands up and goes to the door. "Excuse me, your father doesn't give the money for the meal and your ice cream," the waiter stops him and says.
"Father? You are wrong. He is not my father. I do not know him. I meet him in the street. He says he'll give me ice cream when I come here at twelve o'clock."
The question is: The man has   _   in the restaurant.
The possible answers are:
A:breakfast
B:supper
C:lunch
D:dinnerDo your parents ever say "do it like a lady" or "be a gentleman" to you? But in the eyes of today's students, what should a lady or a gentleman be like? Let's take a look.
What is a gentleman? _ ?
 _ : A gentleman doesn't always get angry . He wants others to be well and happy. He's always ready to help others. There is a boy in my class I think he is a gentleman. If I don't do well in the English exam, he will say "You will do better next time". That makes me feel happy.
 _ : A gentleman always says, "Ladies first". When students clean the classroom, he always does heavy work. He lets girls go into rooms first. There are no gentlemen in my class. When there is something to eat, the boys in my class always get them before girls!
What is a lady? Boys tell us what they think a lady is:
 _ : A lady is kind and quiet  ,but she's not shy   and she can talk about her ideas in front of others. To me, Dong Jie, a film star, is a lady. She is pretty and kind. She does a lot for others.
 _ : A lady is not just beautiful but clever. She never says bad words. She is quiet and kind to others. I don't think there is a lady in my class. Most of the girls are _ , I think.
The question is: Who are "wild beauties" in the eyes of Wang Lichao?
The possible answers are:
A:Pretty and quiet girls
B:Pretty but not quiet girls
C:Clever and kind boys
D:Clever but not kind boysMy name is Joan. I'm a student. I'm fifteen. My dad and mom are teachers. I have a sister. Her name is Lily. She is sixteen.She is a student,too.We are from Canada, but we are in Beijing now. Look! The man in a  white coat is my dad. The woman in a red dress is my mom.The girl in a pink skirt is Lily and I'm in a yellow skirt. Are we cool?
 ,.
The question is: Joan is    _  .
The possible answers are:
A:a teacher
B:14
C:a student
D:an actorReform the gaokao
The college entrance examination is one of the most important tests in our lives. Now, the big exam has got a big change.
the government announced a reform  plan on Sept 4, 2014. According to the plan, there are only three required  tests that everyone to take - Chinese, maths and foreign language. Each subject is marked out of 150. Students can take foreign language tests twice.
Students also have to learn six other subject - physics, chemistry, biology, geography, politics and history. They will have a final test after finishing their studies in each subject. They can choose three to hand in when applying for  universities.
Nowadays, liberal arts  and science  have different tests. For example, in some places, liberal arts students get easier math questions. Under the new system, everyone will have same tests.
The reform will begin trials  from this year in some cities. Current Senior 1 students in Shanghai and Zhejiang don't have to choose between studying liberal arts and science.
Liu Yunsong, and English teacher at Beijing 101 Middle School, believes the reform is good news for junior students, especially for the English tests. "Two opportunities help the students show their real level better. As a result, we will pa y more attention to helping students be interested in the language instead of just teaching them the skills of dealing with tests. We will give them more chances to use the language, such as reading English."
The question is: Which of the following is TRUE according to the reform plan?
The possible answers are:
A:Everyone has to take five tests.
B:Students can take all of the tests twice.
C:Students choose their best English scores.
D:Only Chinese and math are marked out of 150.It was Sunday and Tom was staying home. After breakfast he went out into the garden and played quietly by himself. There were no kids around and he was used to playing alone quietly. He played with Bobby, the dog. He climbed up and down the trees. Sometimes a bird would come down to perch on top of the doghouse.
Then Tom would have the greatest fun by throwing a stone or something at it. Though he never made it, he did like doing this kind of things.
Now Tom had been in the garden for half an hour. Suddenly a crack was heard and the little boy began crying.
"What's the matter, Tom?" his mother looked through the kitchen window.
Tom ran into the kitchen.
"Mum," he sobbed , "I broke Bobby's plate. I didn't know it was so fragile ."
His mother put her arms round him and said, "Don't feel too bad, Tom. We have other plates for Bobby. But how did you break that one?"
"I throw this at a bird but missed, and it went straight to the plate." In Tom's hand was his father's gold pocket watch. !
The question is: When did the story happen?
The possible answers are:
A:On a Sunday afternoon.
B:On a Sunday morning.
C:At noon.
D:In the evening.Mooncake Box Recycling   Activity
People in Beijing throw away about two million mooncake boxes every year. These boxes weigh up to 750 tons and can fill up about a hundred 50-meter-long swimming pools. They are going to become garbage  .
Let's have a green Mid-Autumn Festival this year!
Bring your mooncake boxes.
Show that you care!
Date: September 28, 2014 ~ October 14, 2014
Time: 9:00 am ~ 9:00 pm
Collection point: Sunshine Shopping Center
Please keep the mooncake boxes clean.
We will sell all mooncake boxes to recycling companies.
We will hold a tree-planting activity with the money collected.
Save Our Earth (Beijing)
An organization for environmental protection
Telephone: 2123 1234
Website: www.saveourearth.org
E-mail: info@saveourearth.org
The question is: How many mooncake boxes do people in Beijing throw away every year?
The possible answers are:
A:About 1,000,000.
B:About 1,500,000.
C:About 2,000,000.
D:About 1,300,000.A week ago, Columbus Middle School asked the parents of their school to choose a sport for their child to play. Here's some information about the sports.
Sports 1: Basketball
We expect that this will be the most popular of the four sports. So students should sign up   as soon as possible. Students will take a private bus to and from Kwun Tong Sports Park. Each student will have to pay $ 10 each time for the cost of the bus. There will be four basketball courts available for our use with one teacher watching over each game.
Sports 2: Gym
We will use St. Peter's Park. There are two reasons for choosing this park. First, it is not very busy and crowded before 6:00 p.m. Second, it has lots of trees with plenty of shade. Students must bring along two bottles of water to prevent from being thirsty. All the activities here are free. And there will be a teacher on duty for each activity.
Sports 3: Hiking
Hiking  will be at Kowloon Peak. The activity will start at 2:30 p.m. and finish 90 minutes later. There will be 15 students in each group. And three teachers will be with the students. This sport will cost $ 75 per hour. Students should take plenty of water and sunglasses.
Sports 4: Swimming
The Kowloon City Swimming Centre is a 10-minute walk from our school. Four teachers will go to the pool and watch the students from the poolside. We will only be able to use the pool for one hour (2: 45 p.m. to 3:45 p.m.). Only students skillful at swimming can take up this activity. The pool will have two lifeguards on watch. Girls must wear swimming suits. The cost is $ 15 per visit.
The question is: One of the reasons for choosing St. Peter's Park is that  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:There is a lot of shade there
B:all the activities there are cheap
C:the park is very busy before 6: 00 p. m.
D:there aren't many people after 6:00 p. m. there.Michael Jordan is the most famous basketball player in the world. He was born in Brooklyn, New York. He didn't like to talk to other people about himself. He was also very short. He didn't play very well when he joined the basketball team in his high school at first. But the next year things changed greatly for him as he grew much taller.
Michael Jordan became famous when he joined the university basketball team in North Carolina. Michael used his speed and strength   to reach the basket again. He played so well that people called him "Air Jordan".
After college, Michael became a basketball team member in the Chicago Bulls. The NBA was very surprised at this high-flying player. He was named "Rookie"   of the year in 1985 and "Most Valuable   Player" in 1987. He once set a record   by getting 63 points in one game.
The question is: He began to become famous in   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:the university basketball team
B:the NBA
C:his high school at first
D:the Chicago BullsJohn moved into a new house. He was very happy. He had an old cat and a young cat. He liked them very much, He thought, "I must let my cat go in and out of my house when I'm not at home." He had an idea.
One day, a friend came to see him and saw two holes  in his door. One is big, the other is small.
"My dear friend," he said, "It's a very nice house, but why are two holes in your door of the new house?"
"To let the cat in and out, of course." John said.
"But why are there two holes? Is one hole all right?"
"How can a big cat go through the little hole?" said John.
"That's right. But can't a little cat go through  a big hole?" The friend laughed.
The question is: _   all right for the big cat and the small cat go through.
The possible answers are:
A:Only one big hole is
B:Only one small hole is
C:Only two holes are
D:Only the door isGraffiti is a common feature of most Western cities. The word _ was from the Greek word, graphein, which only meant writing. These days, however, the word means drawing or writing on the walls of buildings, or the public transportation, such as trains or buses.
Graffiti, as a form of expression, was born in New York during the 1960s and 1970s. At that time, a new modern culture about city life appeared. Graffiti was a written form of expression of that life. Later, it was mixed with a musical form called hip-hop that was another expression of the city life.
At first, graffiti artists used pens. But then, with the development of graffiti, they became experienced. They turned to using spray paint  . Spray paint allowed them to draw a greater area. And it also allowed them to work quickly.
At present, different people have different ideas about graffiti. Some people say it makes the cities dirty. It isn't allowed by many local governments in America. The governments spend more than a million dollars a year cleaning graffiti. The money, they say, could be better spent on health or education. Other people think it is a form of art. In fact, the works of some famous graffiti artists can be found in museums, galleries, and art books.
The question is: What's the article mainly about?
The possible answers are:
A:The meaning of graffiti.
B:Different expressions of graffiti.
C:Different attitudes   towards graffiti.
D:The history and the development of graffiti."Well, we're in our new house. Let's get a new pet," Mrs. Brown says to her husband. "That sounds like a very good idea," he answers. "Do you want to see the ads  in the newspaper?" "Let's go to the animal _ . Many pets there need homes. Tomorrow is Saturday, so we can both go," Mrs. Brown says.
The next morning, the Browns (Mr. Brown and Ms. Brown) meet Mr. Snow at the animal shelter. "We want to be sure that the pets here go to good homes," Mr. Snow says, "So I need to ask you some questions."
After they talk for a while, the Browns decide to get a small dog. It will not need a big house. A small dog will bark   and warn ( ) them if someone tries to go into their house. After Mr. Snow gives the Browns a book on pet care, they choose one and want to take her home right away. But the animal doctor hasn't checked her yet. So Mr. Snow tells them to come back on Sunday.
On Sunday afternoon the Browns go to the animal shelter. The animal doctor said, "Coco has got all of her shots    . She is healthy." The Browns thank the doctor and take Coco home.
The question is: Mr. Snow asks the Browns some questions because  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:the Browns want to get a small dog
B:the Browns don't have money to get a pet
C:he wants to be sure the Browns has a big house
D:he wants to be sure the Browns will be friendly to petsFor many people of Norway ,skiing  is the best way to have fun in winter. Almost everyone can ski. Children learn to ski after they learn to walk. Long long ago in Norway ,there were no buses, trains or cars. People had to find a way to walk over the deep snow. Skis were the right answer!
Although they love winter, the people of Norway are also happy to see summer come. They enjoy the out-door activities at any time of the year. In summer they swim and sunbathe near the beach. Some people go hiking and go mountain climbing. Sail-boating is also very popular during the warm sunny summer months.
The Norwegians , like people everywhere, find many in-door ways to have a good time. During the long winter they also enjoy movies. They like to read books from the libraries in all seasons . Family life is very important to the people of Norway.
The question is: Long long time ago, Norwegians skied for    _  .
The possible answers are:
A:having fun
B:crossing the deep snow
C:making money
D:exercisingAmerican country music is also known as   country western music .It has a very long history . It comes from the folk songs of immigrants  from Britain.
Country music users simple music and words to express everyday feelings such as loneliness, love , and sadness . That is to say , country music describes life . It talks about friends and  enemies , trucks and roads , farm and crops.. People in many parts of the world like country music, because everyone can understand what the music is about .
Country western music became popular first among cowboys  in the American west countryside . Cowboys had to take care of cows day and night. When they were alone with the cows, they often sang beautiful and peaceful songs to _ and to overcome their own fear .They were not well-educated and so they sang about their daily life in very simple words .They played guitars, violins. and other instruments. In the south of America ,  many people added instruments from their homes , like bottles and spoons, When cowboys visited their friends and families on holidays like Thanksgiving , they usually sang and played country western music .
In recent years ,many musicians have made country western music a little different from the one in the past.These changes make the songs sound even better.Today singers such as Carth Brooks.Reba McEntire. Emmylou Harris. Lyle Lovett,Eddie Rabbitt, LeAnn Rimes,Randy Travis and a group called Alabama are singing and playing in different styles.They have brought country western music more and more fans from all over the wold.
,.
The question is: Country western music comes from the folk songs of immigrants from   _
The possible answers are:
A:America
B:France
C:Britain
D:GermanyBears are found in Asia, Africa and America. They are very strong, with short tails and thick legs. Bears eat almost everything. They seem to enjoy meat, vegetables, fruit, milk and rice.
Bears are not quite dangerous as people imagine them to be. Like most animals, they will try to stay away from human beings. However, bears are not weak animals. Sometimes they kill hunters, for they can be very dangerous.
Bears have a good sense of smell but they have poor eyesight. They are also hard of hearing but they are very clever. They feed mainly on roots, frogs, fish and also small insects. They will sometimes kill deer and other large animals, but they seem to like small animals better.
In the cold area, bears hibernate, or go to sleep from October to April. Before they start to hibernate, they eat a lot and store fat. The mother bear has its babies, usually two, towards the end of hibernation. A large bear is much cleverer than a cat and most other animals. You may notice at the zoo how cleverly they ask for food. They sit up and hold out their paws. You would have to teach a dog such a trick but the bears learn this by themselves.
The question is: Like most animals, bears try to  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:kill hunters
B:store fat after hibernation
C:stay away from people
D:be friendly with peopleDear Alan,
Guess what? I have a chance to choose my new place to live in! I'm excited and a little nervous. Could you please give me some help?
I'm not sure whether I will live in a house or in an apartment. On the one hand, a house will be too big for just one person, so maybe I should rent an apartment. On the other hand, if I rent  a house, I could find someone else to share with me. The only problem is that a house full of people might be too noisy for me. I prefer to have my own space. The city has some nice apartments, but they are also too expensive. However, if I could find a two-bedroom apartment and get a roommate, that would make it more affordable .I just need to search for a roommate who is neat and quiet. You know I can't live with someone who is loud and messy. I don't have a car, so I also need to think carefully about the location. I probably need to look for somewhere near a bus stop or an underground station. That way I will have more time to study and spend less time traveling.
I'm looking forward to your reply.
Love,
Victor
The question is: Victor wants to share the house with a(an)  _  person.
The possible answers are:
A:neat and quiet
B:outgoing and messy
C:loud and messy
D:neat and loudAn American writer, Mr Green once  said, "Everybody talks about the weather, but nobody does anything about it." It is true that everybody talks about the weather. Many people begin their talks by saying, "Isn't it a nice day?" "Do you think it will rain?" "I think it's going to snow."
Many people think they can tell what the weather is going to be like. But sometimes they don't agree with each other. One man may say, "Do you see how cloudy it is in the east? It's going to rain tomorrow." Another man will say, "No, it's going to be fine tomorrow."
People often look for the weather they want. When a farmer needs water, he looks for something to tell him it's going to rain, and he doesn't look for anything else. When friends have a picnic, they hope the weather is going to be fine and they can sit eating their lunch under the blue sky.
Almost everyone listens to what the weatherman says. But he doesn't always tell us what we want, and sometimes he makes a mistake. Still, he is right most of the time.
The question is: People often begin their talk by   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:saying hello to each other
B:Drinking tea
C:Looking for good weather
D:saying something about the weatherDear Henry,
How are you? I'm writing to you in my school. It's a middle school. Our school is very nice. There are about 2000 students and 150 teachers in our school. There are three grades and in each grade there are ten classes. I'm in Class Two, Grade Seven. I go to school from Monday to Friday. There are five classes in the morning and two in the afternoon. We play games every afternoon after class. I like playing soccer very much. I often play it with my classmates.
I have three good friends. One of them is Li Lei. He is a Chinese boy. He often helps me with my Chinese. I help him study English. The others are twins. They are Lucy and Lily. They come from England. We often sing and dance together. We are very happy!
Please write soon.
Yours,
Ben
The question is: Where is Ben writing to Henry?
The possible answers are:
A:At home.
B:In his school.
C:On the playground.
D:Under the tree.The moon looks bigger than the stars at night. But in fact, it is smaller than any of them. The moon looks big to us, because it is closer to us than any star. The moon goes around the earth. It makes one trip about four weeks. The moon is a round ball and looks beautiful. Don't you think so?
Now people know quite a lot about the moon. There is no air or water on the moon so there are not any trees or animals, or people on the moon. The moon gets its light from the sun, but some places on the moon are quite dark. Then days on the moon get hotter than boiling  water. The nights get colder than the North Pole  on the earth.
The question is: People know quite   _   about the moon now.
The possible answers are:
A:a few
B:a lot
C:little
D:someSuper Dan
Lin Dan is a famous badminton player. Now he plays for Badminton team of the People's Republic of China. Many people around the world know him because he won the gold medals in 2008 and 2012.
He is from Fujian. He was born on October 14, 1983. He lives with his parents, grandmother and his wife now. Lin Dan's favorite player is Jordan. Jordan is a basketball player. Lin loves Coke. He likes pets, but dog is his favorite.
Many young people love him very much. They think Lin Dan is their super star. They also call him Super Dan.
The question is: How many people are there in Lin Dan's family?
The possible answers are:
A:3
B:4
C:5
D:6He came again the next day and worked until it was time to leave. His name was Jerry. He was 12 and had been at the Children's Home since he was only four.  I thought of him. He was honest . For example, the handle   of the ax  broke one day. Jerry said the Children's Home would mend it. I handed him some money to pay for it. He wouldn't take the money. "I'll pay for it, mama. I broke it. I didn't hit the wood in the right place. "
 _ And it was a weak handle. I'll speak to the seller. " It was only then that he would take the money.
Another thing about Jerry was that he would do those little but helpful things. The things would not be badly needed but would make life so much easier. For example, he found a hole near the fireplace. "I'll put some wood in the hole, mama. Then when a sudden storm comes up, you can stay warm. "
One cold day, Jerry sat close by me near the fire. We watched the fire bum. He suddenly talked of something he had never talked of before. "You look like my mother, especially  next to the fire"
But you were four, Jerry, 'when you came to live at the Children's Home. Do you still remember your mother?"
The question is: What did the writer think of Jerry? He was  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:clever, honest but lazy
B:honest, helpful and worked hard
C:honest, warm - hearted and strange
D:careful, honest and weakThe Spring Festival is the Chinese New Year's Day. It usually comes in January or February. Everyone in China likes it very much. All the families have a big dinner to celebrate  it. Children like the Spring Festival best because they can get presents such as nice food, new clothes and red packets from their grandparents, their parents, their uncles and aunts. People eat dumplings on the Spring Festival. Chinese think eating dumplings can bring them money in the new year.
The question is: The Spring Festival comes in   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:January
B:February
C:March
D:A or BFrench doctors and American scientists have reported doing an operation in which the doctor was outside the operating room. This kind of operation is known as robotic operation.
Doctor Marescaux did the operation in an office in New York City last month, while a sixty-eight-year-old woman patient was in a hospital in Strasbourg, France.
A doctor in Strasbourg got the patient ready. He placed medical tools and a small video camera in her stomach area. Doctor Marescaux in New York watched the patient on a video screen. Then he used the computer to send messages to the robot machine. The robot moved the tools that cut the woman's gallbladder away. The woman got well soon after the operation and left the hospital two days later.
Experts say the main problem with such a robotic operation is based on high-speed telecommunications between the doctor and the robot. Technology must be able to send a doctor's order to a robot to move the tools quickly.
Experts also say a successful robotic operation will improve an operation. For example, the robot can make much smaller movements than a person can. A robot machine can turn tools in ways that a doctor's hand cannot.
Doctors say such a robotic operation will make possible safer and better operations in the future. They say it will improve doctor training. It will also mean that doctors could do an operation on people in dangerous places far away. And it could mean that people could have operations done by top doctors without having to travel to the city where doctors work.
The question is: "Robotic operation" means "  _  ".
The possible answers are:
A:a special kind of robot invented by doctors
B:an operation done far away
C:an operation done with the help of a robot
D:something done to mend a robotMr. Brown lived in a house less than two miles from his office, so he was able to drive home every day for lunch. Every time he drove home at noon, he found many cars were parked outside his house and there was no room for his own car. He had to drive somewhere else to park his car. Then he had to walk back home. This made him very angry.
He had put up a board, which said, " No parking" in the garden facing the road, but nobody noticed it. People seemed to obey  only a police notice with letters on a blue board:
POLICE NOTICE
NO PARKING
Mrs. Brown suggested that he could steal a police notice. He was afraid to do so. She then suggested that he could make one just like a police notice. He said he was not the police and couldn't use the word "police". Several days later, Mr. Brown made a blue board with white letters:
POLITE NOTICE
NO PARKING
" Oh!" Mrs. Brown said, "You told me you weren't going to use the word  "police", but why do you use it now?" "Really?" he asked, "Look again." She started to laugh. "You are really clever."
The question is: Mr. Brown made a notice board which   _   in the end.
The possible answers are:
A:was just the same as a police notice
B:was different in colour from a police notice
C:looked just like a police notice
D:said " POLICE NOTICE, NO PARKING"Many people like traveling during their vacation. They go to mountains, seaside, or forests. Some people like history so they like to visit old castles   , museums and monuments  (, ). In many foreign countries, the travel agent   can help you plan your holiday. You can tell the travel agent what kind of holiday you like, how much money you want to spend, and the travel agent will give you a lot of information about where to go, how to get there, where to stay, and what kind of activities you can do there. One of the holidays is called "package holiday". That is, you just pay the money, and the travel agent will plan everything for you, the ticket for the train or plane, the hotel, the activities, etc.
The question is: can help you plan your holiday.
The possible answers are:
A:Your family
B:Many people
C:Nobody
D:Travel agentA man had a little dog, and he was very fond of it. He would pat its head, and take it on his knee, and talk to it. Then he would give it little bits of food from his own plate. A donkey looked in at the window and saw the man and the dog. "Why does he not make a pet of me?" said the donkey. "It is not fair. I work hard, and the dog only wags its tail, and barks, and jumps on its master's knee. It is not fair."
Then the donkey said to himself, "If I do what the dog does, he may make a pet of me."  So the donkey ran into the room. It brayed as loudly as it could. It wagged its tail so hard that it knocked over a jar on the table. Then it tried to jump on to its master's knee. The master thought the donkey was mad, and he shouted, "Help! Help!" Men came running in with sticks, and they beat the donkey till it ran out of the house, and they drove it back to the field.
"I only did what the dog does," said the donkey," and yet they make a pet of the dog, and they beat me with sticks. It is not fair."
The question is: The man liked the dog. He did a lot except   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:patting the dog's head
B:sleeping with the dog
C:talking to the dog
D:taking the dog on his kneeCharlotte's Web is a popular American children's book about the friendship between a pig named Wilbur and a spider  named Charlotte. The writer, E.B. White, shows that a real friend will help you even though he or she has nothing to get from doing so.
In the book, Charlotte is always helping Wilbur. She spins  words into her web to save Wilbur's life, even though spinning the words is tiring and difficult for her. Charlotte is a true friend. She helps Wilbur for only one reason - she cares about him.
Templeton, the rat, on the other hand, is not a real friend to Wilbur. Templeton only helps others when there is something in it for him. When he is asked to help save Wilbur's life, he says "no" at first. Later on, he agrees to help, but only because he wants to keep eating Wilbur's meals. At the end of the book, Wilbur learns the true meaning of friendship. He helps Charlotte to save her babies. He does this not for other reasons, but because he cares about his friend.
Reading this book lets me know how important it is to help others. Being a good friend means being there when you are needed.
The question is: The passage mainly talks about the  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:neighbourhood
B:friendship
C:war
D:workThere is a park near our school. We can see many trees and flowers there. We can see a hill behind the park, too. At the foot of the hill we can see a river. There are some boats on it. It is Sunday today. There are many Young Pioneers  in the park. Some are walking and singing. Some are dancing or playing games. Ann and her sister Kate are flying a kite. Tom and his brother Sam are throwing a frisbee  . Their parents are sitting under a tree. All the family are having a good time.
The question is: Where is the hill?
The possible answers are:
A:Across from the river.
B:Behind the school.
C:In front of the park
D:Behind the park.There have always been a lot of commonly believed but false  ideas about being fat and doing exercise. Some people believe that they can't help putting an weight as they get older, while others hold that if they stop exercising, their muscles  will turn into fat. Here are some more myths.
I'll never lose weight--I come from a fat family
Wrong! While we can't change the body type we are born with, we can't blame our genes  for making us fat. There's plenty of evidence that fatness runs in families, and the main reason is that they share the same habit of eating too much and exercise too little.
I am fat because I burn calories slowly
Wrong! Fatness is not caused by a slow metabolism . In fact, although fat people consume   more energy than slim people, they also fail to realize how much they eat. Keeping a diary can help you work out your daily food intake more accurately .
Exercise is boring
Wrong! Anything will become boring if you do it again and again. The key is to develop a balanced and varied  program that's fun as well as progressive . If you enjoy a Sunday walk, take a different mute. If you do yoga , try a tai chi class.
No pain, no gain
Wrong! Exercise is not meant to hurt. Indeed, pain is your body telling you something's wrong, and continuing to exercise could lead to serious injury . You may experience mild discomfort as you begin to exercise regularly, but this is your body _ the positive changes in your lifestyle and the aches should disappear quickly. If they don't, rest and ask for medical advice.
The question is: According to the writer, how can we make exercise more interesting?
The possible answers are:
A:By taking all kinds of exercise.
B:By choosing simple exercise.
C:By doing regular exercise.
D:By sticking to outdoor exercise.My friend, Victor, is a zoo keeper in the National Zoo. His work is very interesting but it is hard. Sometimes it is dangerous, too. Every morning the zoo keepers have to get up at five to prepare the food for the animals. Each kind of animal is given special food. For example, the lions must be given meat; the deer must be given grass and leaves; and the parrots must be given fruit and nuts. Sometimes some animals won't let the others eat their food. If this happens,  each of them must be fed separately  .
Every morning each cage must be washed by the zoo keepers. This can be dangerous, especially with lions and tigers. To make the work easier, the animals are locked in the sleeping compartments   while the cages are being washed. When the animals are sick, the zoo keepers must look after them. Each sick animal is kept in a separate cage and given medicine. Sometimes they must be given injections. It is not easy to inject a sick lion!
All the keepers live near the zoo. Each of them has a small house. There he lives with his family. They do not have holidays on Sundays and public holidays. Instead, each of them has a day off during the week. Each keeper has a holiday on a different day from that of the other keepers.
The most important job of the keepers is to look after the safety of the visitors. People must be prevented from doing dangerous things. Many people have been injured because they did careless things, like putting their hands into the lion's cage.
,.
The question is: What kind of food must be given to the animals like tigers, lions and bears?
The possible answers are:
A:Nuts.
B:Fruit.
C:Meat.
D:Grass and leaves.There once was an old man aged 50,who had a lazy son aged 30. The son couldn't earn his own living , and still lived on his old father for food and clothing. The old man was very worried about him. So he took him to the fortune teller to have his fortune told.The father and son both believed what the fortune teller said --the father would live to 80 and the son to 62.
After they found out how long they were going to live, the son was very sad. His father comforted him, "Don't be so sad! You are only 30 now, and still have 32 years of good days _ you."
"I'm not worrying about my own age. It's your age which causes me great worry," the son said.
The father was greatly moved and said, "Don't worry about me so much. I've got 30 years _ me too."
"I'm not worried about your age either," said the son. "I have found out that you will die two years earlier than I. So who will I depend on in the two years after your death?"
The question is: The son was worried about his father because  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:he liked his father very much
B:he would have no money to buy food and clothing if his father died
C:his father was getting older and older
D:His father would get less and less moneyA: Recently, the word "clone" appeared very often in the newspapers. Do you know its meaning?
B: Not exactly, I read a report in yesterday's newspaper. It said there was a Scottish Dolly. It was the first time that a cloned lamb had been made from an adult sheep.
A: Actually, the word "clone" means to produce the "same" animal by taking cells from an adult one, I think, if we know how to do cloning, we need only keep a small number of sheep, cows or horses.
B: There's more to it. Recently there have been some people who ever want to clone humans.
A: It seems interesting. But do you think it is possible to do that?
B: No, I don't think so. First I think we cannot clone a dead person, because the cells in his body are dead already.
A: Then we can clone a living person?
B: Again no! You might clone yourself one after another, but it is only a replica , not real you. It is only something, not a human.
A: Now, you mean that a real human can speak, think and create, and these abilities cannot be cloned?
B: True enough! I think the main purpose of Dr. Lan Wilmot, the "father" of Dolly, is to make better animals. It has nothing to do with human cloning.
,.
The question is: Humans can't be cloned because  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:the abilities of thoughts and creativity of human can't be cloned
B:scientists are not able to do that
C:people don't agree on human cloning
D:there aren't better labsMr. Dawson is an old man with a bad temper  . Kids were afraid to go into his yard to pick apples.
One day, 12-year-old Janet and her friend Amy had to walk past Mr. Dawson' s house. When Janet saw him outside, she suggested they cross the street and walk on the other side. But Amy said they didn't need to.
When Mr. Dawson saw Amy, he smiled and said: " Hello, Amy! I see you have a new friend with you today." Amy smiled back. Mr. Dawson was friendly and gave them each a fresh apple.
Later, Janet asked Amy: " Everyone says he is the most unwelcoming  person in town. Why was he kind to us?" Amy explained that when she first walked past his house, she was also afraid of him. But she pretended  there was an invisible  smile on his face and started talking to him. At first she only said "hello" but then began talking to him more every time she saw him.
"An invisible smile?" Janet was puzzled  . "Yes," answered Amy. "My grandma told me to try that. She says smiles can spread. So if we keep trying to smile at someone, sooner or later they will smile back."
Amy's grandma realized most people can't refuse  to smile at a friendly face.
The question is: What did Amy do when she first walked past Mr. Dawson's house?
The possible answers are:
A:She went into his yard to pick apples.
B:She was so scared that she went away quickly.
C:She smiled to him and greeted him.
D:She talked with him like old friends.What's a big problem in Shenzhen today, do you think? Besides pollution, traffic is, of course.
There are too many people, too many cars but too little space so the roads are always busy. You can almost see traffic jams everywhere. It is even worse when everyone is going to school or to work. What's more, cars need fuel  to move, so they let out a lot of dirty smoke and pollute the air.
However, the government is trying many ways to solve the problem. We can see more roads and footbridges over the main streets. And the workers are making some roads wider. It is said every car will have a computer. The computer can study the latest traffic news. Then it will look over its own map for the best way to drive and they won't get into traffic jams.
The question is: People won't get into traffic jams in a car with    _    because it can study the latest traffic news.
The possible answers are:
A:a policeman
B:an inspector
C:a computer
D:a TV setAn old lady went out shopping last Sunday. She came to a bank and saw a car near the door . A man got out of it  and went into the bank . She looked into the car. The keys were in the lock.
The old lady took the keys and followed the man into the bank. The man took a gun out of his pockets and said to the clerk , " Give me all the money . "
But the old lady didn't see this. She went to the man and put the keys in his hand and said, " Young man , you're foolish . Never leave your keys in your car. Someone's going to steal it . "
The man looked at the old woman for a few seconds. Then he looked at the clerk and then he took the keys and ran off the bank, got into his car and drove away quickly without any money .
,.
The question is: The young man  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:had nothing to do
B:deposited his money
C:ordered a clerk to give him the money
D:walked about to look for somethingTony and Anna are brother and sister. They are Americans. Tony likes sports very much. He can play football, basketball and volleyball. Anna likes music very much. She can't play ball games. But they both like playing games on computers.
They like eggs, bread and milk for breakfast. For lunch, Anna likes eating vegetables and fruit, but Tony likes chicken and fish. They both like hamburgers. But they don't like ice cream or cheese.
The question is: Tony likes  _  and he can play  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:sports; games
B:music; basketball
C:sports; volleyball
D:sports; tennisDo you want to go by ship to Australia or anywhere? A big ship may help you. It looks like a big house. There are rooms for everyone. In the day you can swim in the pool or play games on the ship. You can even see a film on the ship. Sometimes you can see birds flying around you. They are flying here and there. Look at the picture of the ship. Does it look like a house? It's very large. And it's the most luxury passenger liner  in the world, called 'Freedom of the Seas' . The ship is 339 meters long and 38.6 meters wide, with a golf field on it. It's so cool to take a trip on a ship!
The question is: You can   _   on the ship.
The possible answers are:
A:swim
B:play games
C:see a film
D:A, Band CFeeding a crowd of hundreds doesn't make Kenny Seals-Nutt nervous.
In fact, he _ in the kitchen. He's in his perfect place when dicing tomatoes, making salads and baking cakes.
By the time Kenny, 16, reached his third year of high school at Hickory Grove, North Carolina, US, he had become vice president of his school's cooking club. He also opened his own food company, called Modern Fusion.
Kenny said he developed his love of cooking by watching his mother, and his grandmother, who owned a catering   business herself. Kenny helped them both in order to remember their tips: how long to cook chicken so it stays wet, and the right amount of tomatoes to add to a spaghetti dish.
At the age of 5, he cooked his first dish of shrimp and broccoli. Taking it for his school lunch, he warmed it up in the school's microwave, while the other kids ate their sandwiches.
"I love to eat, and it started to become more fun to cook than to use a microwave," he said.
Cooking came easy to Kenny, and he enjoyed adding new ingredients into common dishes. "It started with a passion   and I wanted to know more," he said. He began to watch the Food Network and read chef blogs.
Last summer, Kenny put his skills to the test by working with his grandmother to cater his uncle's wedding. While she cooked traditional dishes, Kenny wanted to add new to the expected flavors  .
Now Kenny spends his weekends catering his own events: weddings, birthday parties, baby showers. Kenny's dishes are always a hit.
Chef Frederick Mookie Hicks, owner of a catering business, said Kenny's success comes from his ability to multitask in the kitchen. Hicks said he has asked Kenny to cook with him on jobs three times now, and he presents Kenny as a positive example of a passionate chef to the students in his cooking classes.
"He's so vigorous   about cooking that he doesn't let anything stop him," Hicks said. "I knew in the first five minutes of working with the kid that he is something special."
The question is: We can conclude from the article that   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:Kenny proved himself by catering his uncle's wedding alone
B:Kenny likes to follow his mother's recipe when cooking
C:Kenny was able to cook his first dish in primary school
D:Kenny's success in cooking has a lot to do with his familyOne day, when Jack is taking a walk on the street, he hears a voice. He finds a girl crying in the street.
"Why are you crying, little girl?" Jack asks. "I lost my doll," the girl answers. "Don't cry, little girl. I'll go to the shop and buy a new doll for you," Jack says. So the little girl follows Jack to the shop and Jack buys a very nice doll for her. The little girl begins to feel happy. Then Jack says goodbye to her.
But a few minutes later, Jack hears the girl crying again. "Why are you crying again?" Jack asks the little girl.
"If I hadn't lost my doll, I'd have two dolls!" the girl says.
The question is: Why does the little girl cry again?
The possible answers are:
A:She lost the doll again.
B:She don't like the doll.
C:She thinks she should have two dolls, but now she only has one.
D:She only has two dolls.There is an apple tree, it loves a little boy, the boy also loves to come and play around it. One day, he needs a toy, but he has no money, so the tree asks him to sell all the apples. At last, the  boy gets the toy happily. Then the boy grows up  ,he becomes a man. But he doesn't go to see the tree for a long time. The tree is very sad. One summer day, the man returns  and the tree is  very happy "Come and play with me!" the tree says. "No, I have to work, because I must buy a big   house. Can you help me?" the man asks." Sorry, I have no house, but you can cut all the brunches  on me, you can _ the house with them ." the tree answers. So the man gets the house. After many years, the man becomes older, and he comes back again. "I only have the dying roots ,but you can have a remember to love your parents at any time!
The question is: How does the boy get the toy?
The possible answers are:
A:By helping the apple tree.
B:By eating the apples.
C:By cutting the apple tree.
D:By selling all the apples on the apple tree.I'm Alice. Today is Children's Day. I get many presents   from my family. Do you want to have a look?
I like toy bears very much. I have five different bears in my room. My mother buys another brown bear for me today. It's very cute;
My uncle gives me a new pencil case; It's so nice. There's an interesting picture on it. My uncle buys it in Canada.
My sister buys a red toy car for me. I like cars very much. My sister is so nice. Green is my favourite colour. But I like the car best.
The diary book is from my grandmother. I like writing a diary in the evening. I want to be a writer when I grow up.
The question is: What's Alice's favourite colour?
The possible answers are:
A:Brown.
B:Red.
C:Green.
D:Yellow.There are two mice. They are called Bill and Paul. They are good friends. One mouse lives in the country; the other mouse lives in the city. On a sunny day they meet in the street.
Paul: Hi, Bill! Have a look at my house in the country. I'm sure you can enjoy yourself.
Bill: I'd love to. But I hear that the food is not delicious, and your house is not good. Is it so?
Paul: No, that's not true. Go and see!
Then Bill goes to the countryside with Paul.
Bill: Why do you live in a hole in the field? You should come and live in the city. You would live in a nice house made of stone. You would have better food to eat. You must come and see me at my house in the city.
Paul: Thanks! Maybe you are right. I'll visit your house one day.
 _ days later Paul goes to Bill's house in the city. The house is big and beautiful. They are sitting in the sitting-room, having a big dinner comfortably. Suddenly, there a great noise.
Bill: Run! Run! The cat is coming!
Paul: Oh, no! It's terrible! Both the house and the food are nice, but I do not like living in the city. I enjoy living in my hole in the field, for it is nice to be poor but happy than to be rich but afraid.
The question is: What the relationship between Bill and Paul?
The possible answers are:
A:They are friends.
B:They are relatives.
C:They are brothers.
D:They are neighbors.When the traffic lights turn red, we will stop driving a car or crossing a street. Why is red used for traffic lights instead of other colors?
As we know, scattering   happens when light goes through the air. For the same media  , if the _ is long, the sscattering will be short. If the wavelength is short, then the scattering will be long.
Of all lights we can see, red has the longest wavelength. So the scattering is the weakest. That means the red light travels far. In fact, it travels farther on rainy days.
Using the red light can help drivers in farther places see the lights. It helps drivers slow down or stop in time. So there will be fewer accidents. Moreover, red can also excite people. We can act more quickly when we see the color red. In a word, red lights help drivers stop in time and help prevent accidents.
The question is: According to the passage, the scattering of the red light is the   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:longest
B:weakest
C:farthest
D:brightestIn today's world many people seem to be hungry for money. Some of them even lose their lives for it. Money does have its most useful effect on the poor,but once a person has a rich life,a lot more money doesn't mean more happiness.
If money was everything,all millionaires would have true love, true friendship,good health and a long life. However,this is not always true.
Nothing else is more pleasant than the three words which are "I love you". But can love be bought?I'm afraid not. Love means to give,not to take. To every person,health and long life are probably the most precious things. Well,can health and a long life be bought with money?The answer is "No".
Of all the longest living people in the world, few of them are millionaires. True friendship can't be bought either. In a word,Where money is worshiped ,money can cause brothers to quarrel,lovers to hate,strangers to fight and so on. No matter how much money you have,it is still not enough to make you a happy person  if you have no one to laugh with,no one to cry for.
The question is: According to the passage,which of the following do you think is right?
The possible answers are:
A:Money is everything.
B:Money isn't necessary.
C:Money is important,but not the most important.
D:With no money,with no success.Do you want to do well in exams? Sometimes your knowledge is not enough, you also need good strategies. Here are some for you:
Before you answer the questions, if you feel a little nervous, take a few deep breaths to help you relax.  Always read the question carefully and make sure that you understand it. Read it a few times if possible.  Find out how much each question is worth or how many points you need.  If it asks to give one answer, only write one.
If there is a difficult question, don't worry. Go on to the next question and come back to it if you have time later.  Try not to leave questions unanswered when you finish the test. Sometimes a guess may get your points.
When you finish, go back and check your answers. You will need to check your writing or spelling mistakes.
The question is: Which of the following is NOT true according to the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:Find out how many points we need or how much each question is worth.
B:Try not to leave questions unanswered when we finish the test.
C:If it asks to give one answer, we'd better write more.
D:Sometimes we should guess the answers to get points.There was one thing that I found rather strange on my first day as housekeeper at Monk'S House.The floors in the house were very thin.The bathroom was right above the kitchen,and when Mrs.Woolf was having her bath before breakfast,I could hear her talking to herself.on and on she went,talk,talk,and talk,asking questions and giving herself the answers.I thought there must be two or three people there with her.When Mr.Woolf saw that I looked surprised,he told me that Mrs.Woolf always said out loud the sentences that she had written during the night.She needed to know if they sounded fight and the bath was a good place for trying them out*
I was not allowed to make coffee at Monk'S House--Mr.and Mrs.Woolf were very particular
 about coffee and always made it themselves--so Mr.Woolf came into the kitchen at eight o'clock every morning to make it.When we carried the breakfast to Mrs.Woolf's room,I noticed that she had always been working during the night.There were pencil and paper beside her bed so that when she woke up,she could work,and sometimes it seemed as though she had had very little sleep.
Mrs.Woolf's bedroom was outside the house in the garden.I used to think how inconvenient it must be to have to go out in the rain to go to bed.Her bedroom had been connected to the back of the house:the door faced the garden and a window at the side opened out on to a field.Because the writing-room was small,Mr.Woolf had built a large one for her at the end of the garden against the church wall.
I can always remember her coming to the house each day from the writing-room when I rang the bell for lunch at One O'clock.She used to come in,smoking one of her favourite cigarettes,which were bought by Mr.Woolf for her in London.She was tall and thin and very pretty.She had large eyes and a wide mouth.She wore long skirts-usually blue or brown-in the fashion of the day ,and silk jackets of the same colour Mrs.Woolf wore clothes that suited for her well.I ironed them for her and did any sewing that was necessary-She was not able to sew ,although sometimes she liked to try.There was one thing in the kitchen that Mrs.Woolf was very good at doing:she could make beautiful bread.
The question is: Mr.Woolf seemed to be that  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:he found her strange ways difficult to accept
B:he lived a very different life
C:he watched over her all the time
D:he did what he could for herDear friends,
My name is Tony. I am English. I am twelve years old this year. I am tall, and I am good at playing football. I am in Grade Seven. There are thirty boys and twenty girls in my class. We are learning Chinese in our school. Our Chinese teacher is Mr. Wu. He is a little short, but he is very strong. He is very nice to us. I have some good friends in my class. Tom is a tall boy with short black hair. He is good at playing football, too. Alice is short and she loves wearing red dresses. She is good at English. Mary has long hair. She can speak Japanese and she likes swimming. We all study hard.
What about your school and your friends? Please write soon.
Yours,
Tony
The question is: Who likes swimming?
The possible answers are:
A:Tom.
B:Alice.
C:Mary.
D:Mr. Wu.A sunflower is a sunflower. A mobile phone is a mobile phone. But can you combine the two to do something for your local environment? As early as next year it may well be possible. When you have finished with your mobile phone you will be able to bury   it in the garden and wait for it to flower . A biodegradable   mobile phone was, this month, introduced by scientists. It is hoped that the new type of phone will encourage users to recycle. Scientists have come up with a new material over the last five years. It looks like any other plastic and can be hard or soft, and able to change shape. Overtime it can also break down into the soil without giving out any poisonous chemicals. British researchers used the new material to develop a phone cover that includes a sunflower seed .When this new type of cover turns into waste, it forms nitrates  . These feed the seed and help the flower grow. Engineers have designed a small transparent   window to hold the seed. They have made sure it only grows when the phone is thrown away. "We've only put sunflower seeds into the cover so far. But we are working with scientists to find out which flowers would perform best. Maybe we could put roses in next time." said one scientist.
As phone technology is developing so quickly, people are constantly throwing their mobiles away. This means producers are under pressure to find ways of recycling them. Some 650 million mobile phones have been sold this year. Most of them will be thrown away within two years, adding plastic, heavy metal and chemical waste to the environment. A biodegradable cover can change this, according to the scientists.
,A, B, C, D,. (10)
The question is: The new type of phone can reduce the harm to the environment mainly   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:because of the material of its cover
B:because of the sunflower seed
C:because it's made of no poisonous chemicals
D:because you bury it in the soil after you finish with itEvery evening at six o'clock an old man goes to a restaurant near his house. He eats dinner. After dinner, he drinks coffee and talks to the people at the restaurant.
The old man's name is Bill. Bill eats at the restaurant every evening because he is lonely. His wife died and he has no children.
Every evening the same waitress brings Bill to his dinner. Her name is Cara. She is 17 years old. Cara is kind to Bill. She knows he is lonely, so she talks to him. If Bill is late for dinner, she calls him on the telephone. "Are you OK?" she asks him.
One evening Bill doesn't come to the restaurant. Cara calls him, but he doesn't answer the phone. Cara calls the police. "Please go to Bill's house." Cara tells the police. Later the police call Cara at the restaurant. "Bill died in his sleep," the police tell her. Bill was 82 years old.
A week later, a man comes to the restaurant. "I have something for Cara," the man says. The man gives Cara a check  for $500000. The money is from Bill.
"This money is for me? From Bill?" Cara asks the man.
"Yes," the man answers.
"But...why?" Cara asks the man.
"Bill liked you," the man says. "You were kind to him"
The question is: ---Why does Cara often talk to Bill? ---  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:Because she has no friend
B:Because she knows Bill is lonely
C:Because she has nothing to do
D:Because she knows Bill is very richEveryone needs friends. Friends bring us happiness and hope in our lives. But the ability to make friends changes from person to person. To some people, making friends is easy, and to others it's very difficult.
Making friends is a skill, and the first thing is to know how to get along with others.
If you have trouble in making friends, maybe I can tell you how to do it.
Realize your own good points. You have skills and talents that others will like.
Believe that you are a good person and have something nice to share with others.
Be humorous. Learn to laugh at yourself and your weakness. Remember to smile to others.
Respect others. Everyone has his own idea. Learn how to listen to others' ideas without trying to make them accept yours.
Be kind. If you are kind to others, they will usually be kind to you. There are hundreds of little things you can do to show kindness. Open the door for someone. Wave to a friend and so on.
Don't complain. Learn to accept what you can't change, and work hard to change what you can. No one is willing to hear your complaining all the time.
Never give up. Even if you are faced with some closed-minded people, never give up. And try to find someone who will understand you.
The question is: What's the first thing we should learn in order to make friends?
The possible answers are:
A:To help others.
B:To smile to others.
C:To get along with others.
D:To listen to others' complaints.Last year Jim was going to join the army( ) and had to take a medical examination  . The doctor was sitting at a desk when he went in. He said to the man, "Take your coat and shirt off, and sit on that chair."
Jim did so. The doctor looked at him for a moment without getting up from his chair and then said, "All right. Put your clothes on again."
"But you haven't examined me at all." the young man said in surprise.
"There is no need to do so," the doctor said with a smile. "When I told you to take your coat and shirt off, you heard me all right, so there is nothing wrong with your ears. You saw your chair, so your eyes are good. You could take your clothes off and sit on the chair, so you must be in good health.
The question is: The best title for this story is    _    .
The possible answers are:
A:A Strict Doctor
B:A Special Medical Examination
C:A Serious Mistake
D:A Smart Young ManDoes this ever happen to you? Someone introduces you to a friend, you hear his or her name, and then two minutes later, you forget it. Or you go to the same restaurant every day and the owner always says "Hello" to you but you can never remember her name. If this happens, you are _ -- actually most people have the problem remembering names.
Here are some ways that can help people remember names.
* Repeat the person's name loud at least three times while you talk together. For example, instead of saying "Nice to meet you." say "Nice to meet you, Jack." Instead of saying "Where do you live?" you can say "Where do you live, Jack?"
*Introduce the person by name to someone else right away.
* Write the name down as soon as possible.
There are other ways which may seem a little strange. However, try them.
* Think of a story using the person's name. For example, think to yourself, "Jack has a nice jacket." Imagine Jack in a nice jacket.
* Think of a rhyme for the person's name. For example, think to yourself, "Jack would look nice in black." Imagine Jack wearing black clothes.
All these ways have one thing in common. You must pay attention to the people you meet. You can't just meet someone, nod your head, say hello, and walk away. Remembering names takes work and practice.
The question is: The word "typical" probably means "  _  ".
The possible answers are:
A:funny
B:common
C:strange
D:carelessCell phones _  are all around us.We use cell phones to call our friends,send text messages,play games,and even take photographs. Now imagine using your cell phone to call your air conditioner . If this were possible you could tell your air conditioner to rum on before you got home.Does this sound impossible to you? Well,it could become possible sooner than you think.In the near future,we might use cell phones as remote controls for the electrical devices in our homes.People are already working to develop different ways to communicate wirelessly  with devices we use every day.For example,it is already possible for cell phones to communicate with laptop computers.Business people using laptops during meetings Call use their cell phones as remote controls.They can use their cell phones to send instructions to computers to turn on,change pictures,and turn off.
With the same technology ,people can use their cell phones to control other devices.You can call your stereo to play music automatically .You can call your lights to turn on when you enter a room.Maybe even by next summer you will be able to call your air conditioner !
The question is: What is the main idea of this passage?
The possible answers are:
A:In the future we will all need air conditioners.
B:Business people need to use computers.
C:Some people like to make phone calls to machines.
D:We will use cell phones as remote controls in the future.June 6this National Eye Care Day. It is a good chance for us to improve our eye health. What are common eye problems we have today? How can we protect our eyes? Read on to find out the answer.
Eyes are important in our everyday life. We use them to read books, see colors and view the wonders of the world. But sometimes, we use them too much and it hurts them.
In the past, nearsightedness   was a common eye problem among children. This is mostly because of their bad eye habits, such as watching TV too long and reading books in bed.
However, today's technology is changing the way we live. Children spend more time working and playing in front of computers, smartphones and iPads. US children spend more than 42 hours a week in front of electronic screens  , US' ABC news reported.
This has caused a new problem for our eyes: digital   eyestrain  . People with digital eyestrain may get headaches, dry and red eyes, eye pain, watering and other eye problems.
But don't worry. The following tips can help you protect your eyes. Try them out.
Screen advice:
1. When you are watching electronic screens, keep them at least 30 cm from your eyes. Try not to use     your smartphone in direct sunlight.
2. Blink   more often when you are looking at the screen. This can help to stop dry eyes.
3. Remember to take a 20-20-20 break: every 20 minutes, take a 20-second break and look at something                  20 feet (about 6 meters) away.
4. Spend less time in front of screens. One to two hours a day is OK for your eyes.
The question is: As people   _  , digital eyestrain has become a new eye problem.
The possible answers are:
A:read books in bed and watch TV too long
B:spend too much time before electronic screens
C:eat too much junk food and smoke a lot
D:spend too little time doing sports outsideHi, I'm Sam from New York. I have a brother called Tim. We are twins. We are both eleven this year. I am ten minutes older than him. In some ways, we look the same and in some ways, we look different. However, he is taller than me. I am shy, but he is outgoing. We both like playing sports and we often play football together after class. We are in the same school but we are not in the same class. I am in Class One and he is in Class Three.
Last Monday, Tim was ill and couldn't go to school. The next day, when I was in the hallway, his English teacher, Miss White saw me and asked, "Tim, are you feeling better now?" Haha...she
and she couldn't tell Tim from me.
The question is: Sam and Tim both like   _   .
The possible answers are:
A:playing games
B:going to the parties
C:playing sports
D:watching TVNow many boys wear the same clothes as girls, and some of them have long hair. So sometimes it's difficult to tell whether  they are boys or girls.
One Sunday morning, I went for a walk with my grandfather in the park near my house. After a while, my grandfather was tired, so he sat down on a bench near the pool.
"Oh," my grandfather said to the person with long curly  hair next to him on the bench. "Can you see the person with long hair on the other side of the pool? Is it a boy or a girl?"
"Which one?" asks the person with long curly hair.
"The one who is eating a hamburger near the pool," said my grandfather. "He is a boy," said the person, "he's my son, Han Han."
"Oh," my grandfather said, "I'm sorry, I don't know you are his mother." "No, I'm not his mother. I'm his father."
The question is: Han Han's father   _   .
The possible answers are:
A:has long curly hair
B:is swimming
C:is looking for his son
D:has short hair"Three apples have changed the world. One is for Eve, one is for Newton. The third is in the hands of Steve Jobs." said someone.
Steve Jobs was the former CEO of the Apple computer company in his parents' garage   on April Fool's Day, 1976. Through many years' hard work, Jobs and his Apple products were a great success. People believe he has made the world a better place. Many young people also think of Apple products as a fashion icon.
Because of his great achievements in this area, he was honoured   with a number of awards, including the National Medal of Technology in 1985, the Times cover character   and the Most Successful Manager in 1997.
Jobs' road to success wasn't an easy one. He experienced several ups and downs, but he was still standing. Just as Hemingway in The Old Man and the Sea said, "A man can be destroyed, but not be defeated  . So he was considered as an American hero.
What did Jobs' workers and family members think of him?
On one hand, some workers described him as a strange, bad-tempered   boss. They said he was impatient with those who disagreed with him or didn't understand his ideas. On the other hand, his family members thought of him as a home-loving dad with each of his four children. He worried about all the things of them, such as their boyfriends, travel, safety and even skirt length. Though he was quite busy, he still attended his daughter's graduation   party.
The question is: What do you think of Steve Jobs according to the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:Home-loving.
B:Honest.
C:Jealous.
D:Humorous.Hello,everyone.let me introduce myself.My name is Wang Mei.I'm 1.7 metres tall.My eyes are black.I have long red hair.My favourite colour is blue.My favourite clothes are dresses.I feel happy every day because I have many friends.They look different,but they are very kind to me.Jenny has short blond hair.Her eyes are brown.She is 1.65 meters tall.Li Ming is my friend ,too.He has short black hair.He is 1.7 metres tall,too.Danny has three hairs and they're green.His favourite colour is green .He is 1.6 metres tall.
The question is: How tall is Wang Mei?
The possible answers are:
A:1.75 metres tall.
B:1.7 metres tall.
C:1.65 metres tall.
D:1.6 metres tall.Recently,a solar powered plane took to the sky for the first time. It had passed an important test on the way to travel around the world.
The plane took off from an airport in Switzerland at 45km an hour. It slowly rose above the fields and into the sky.
"There has never been an airplane of that kind that could fly -- never an airplane so big, so light, using so little energy," said Bertrand Piccard, a leader of the project.
During the 90-minute flight, the plane did several turns. It climbed nearly 1.6km above the countryside.
Engineers plan to test a night flight before July. Then they will use the results of the tests to build a second plane. They plan to travel around the world in that plane in 2012.
The plane flies at 70 km an hour. That is faster than a bike and slower than a car. Piccard and pilot Andre Borschberg will take the plane around the world. The pilots will keep the plane in the air for up to five days at a time.
"We want to fly it day and night with no fuel  ," Piccard said
The question is: Which column of a newspaper may the passage come from?
The possible answers are:
A:Food and Health
B:Scientist and Technology
C:Culture and Communication
D:Sports and EntertainmentBasketball is still a young game. It's over a hundred years old. In the winter of 1891, a certain college was having some trouble with its boy students. The weather was bad and the students had to stay indoors. As they couldn't play outdoors, they were unhappy, and some even got into fights from time to time.
Some of the teachers, at the college asked Dr. Naismith to invent a game so that the students might have something to play with. It was not easy to invent such a game because it had to be played indoors , and the court   was not very large.
Dr. Naismith thought for a few days and invented a kind of ball game. It was a fast, wonderful game with much moving and passing of the ball. It was played between two teams. To make a score , the ball had to be thrown into the basket ten feet  above the floor on the wall . At each end of the court there was such a basket. At first, Dr. Naismith wanted to throw the ball into a box. As he could not find boxes of the right size, he had to use fruit baskets instead. That is how the game got its name.
The question is: Who asked Dr. Naismith to invent a game?
The possible answers are:
A:Some students
B:Some teachers
C:Some students' parents
D:Some of his friendsJim is an American. He is now living  in China. He gets up at about half past six and has breakfast at seven o'clock. After breakfast,he says goodbye to his parents and leaves home at half past seven. He usually goes to school on foot. He gets there at five minutes to eight. He has his first class at eight.
Morning classes are over at ten past twelve and he has lunch five minutes later,at about a quarter past twelve. After lunch he plays with his friends.
Afternoon classes begin at half past one. Usually there are two lessons in the afternoon. They finish at half past three. Usually he plays games or other things at school,and he gets home at about a quarter past five. He has supper at six and then does his homework and then watches TV. He goes to bed at about half past ten.
The question is: How does he go to school?
The possible answers are:
A:By bus.
B:By bike.
C:On foot.
D:By train.On August 15, 2011,the Ministry Publish Security   started a campaign   to educate drivers about the dangers of driving after drinking.
As a part of the campaign, police officers watched bars, restaurants and KTVs in Beijing, Shanghai, Liaoning, Jiangsu, Zhejiang, Hubei and Guangdong. It ended up on December 30. But it told the drivers the meaning of the new traffic laws and the dangers of drinking.
In Beijing, some restaurants put up notices and told drivers about their responsibility. "Usually if a group of guests come by car, the driver won't drink. If he does, we will remind him," said a waitress from Dongfang Restaurant in Beijing. Fewer drivers are drinking alcohol nowadays, since many know about the campaign.
Wang Lankun, a traffic policeman in Beijing said, "Some drivers think a glass of beer is not a problem. But a blood test will show that their blood-alcohol level is more than 20mg for each 100ml of blood, that is enough to affect their driving."
During the campaign, drivers who have a blood-alcohol level of over 20mg for each 100ml of blood will get a fine of 500 yuan. Also, they will not be allowed to drive for three months.
In fact, there are strict laws to punish drunk driving in many other countries. For example, in the USA, if someone has a blood-alcohol level of over 80mg for each 100ml of blood, he will be sent to prison for one year. But in Britain, he will be fined 5,000 pounds and banned  from driving for 12 months, also he will be sent to prison for 6 months. In Germany, if a driver has a blood-alcohol level of over 60mg for each 100ml of blood, he won't be allowed to drive until he passes a new driving test.
The question is: The police officers watched many places except   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:restaurants
B:KTVs
C:schools
D:barsA young man is sitting by the road eating something. A policeman is coming over. At once ,the man gets up quickly and runs down the road. The policeman runs after him. The man runs very fast. But the policeman runs faster. After a few minutes, the policeman catches him. 'Where are you going?' says the policeman. 'You must be a criminal   if you run like that when you see a policeman.' 'No, no,' says the man, 'I'm not a criminal. I'm just too fat, you see. The doctor says to me that I must always run fast after eating.' 'I see,' says the policeman, 'You are running to help to lose some weight  .'
The question is: What is the young man doing by the road?
The possible answers are:
A:He is playing games.
B:He is drinking tea.
C:He is eating something.
D:He is listening to the radio.Most students in China have their own school rules. So do the schools in other countries.
Japan: Most schools demand  that students wear uniforms, such as sports suits or skirts. They also demand that girls' white socks be folded in a certain way and boys' heads be shaved 
Other Japanese schools tell students that they may not date, go to movies, leave home after sunset or play video games without permission from school.
USA: For safety at home USA schools, students must have a pair of indoor shoes to change into at school every day. This makes sure students won't fall over on the slippery floors and keeps the schools clean. Gum chewing is not allowed in many USA school buildings, as it is difficult to clean up. And if students chew gum in class, they may not focus on study.
UK: Strange hairstyles are not allowed in some British schools. But they might allow students to wear certain hairstyles during the World Cup years. Two students had a special design shaved into their hair during 2002 World Cup. But they were not accepted by their school after that because the school said the rules changed since then.
The question is: The passage wants to tell us_.
The possible answers are:
A:Different countries have the same rules for the students
B:We must follow all the rules above
C:Students in different countries have to follow different rules
D:Most schools in China have different school rulesLondon used to be "foggy" for the same reason that cities like Beijing' or Chongqing are "foggy~ today. The "fog was in fact smog, a mixture of smoke and fog.  In other words, it was made by air pollution  In London, some of this pollution came from factories, but much of it came from the coal that people burnt in their houses to keep warm during the winter. By the 1950s, London's smog problem had become so bad that the-government decided to do something to clean the air.  A new law was made and nobody could bum coal in any British city. Within a few years, the air became much cleaner. There were no more " _ ".             .
Many Chinese cities now face the same sort of' problem with air pollution that . London faced 40 0r 50 years ago.  However, this problem is more difficult for Chinese cities to solve   One reason is that more of the pollution comes from the factories, rather than from coal burnt in people's houses  If these factories were closed, this would harm the economy  and lots of people would lose their jobs. Another reason is that changing from coal to cleaner fuel  , like gas, is quite expensive.
However, the air in many Chinese cities is becoming cleaner and cleaner, as the government and people pay more and more attention to cutting down pollution . As a result,there are fewer "pea-soupers" in Beijing than there used to be.
.
The question is: In China, air pollution is more difficult to solve  Which of the following is not the reason?.
The possible answers are:
A:Most pollution comes from the factories
B:Chinese government pays little attention to it.
C:Changing from 'coal to cleaner fuel is quite expensive
D:If factories were closed, this would harm the economy and lots of people would .lose their jobs.Healthy eating starts with learning new ways to eat,such as adding more fresh fruit and vegetables,and _ foods that have lots of fat, salt and sugar. Healthy eating will help you feel your best and give you plenty of energy.It can help you deal with stress better.
However,healthy eating isn't a diet . If you eat too little when you diet, you may eat more after you stop dieting. Eating a healthy, balanced diet is very satisfying. And if you match that with more exercise, you may be able to have a healthier weight.
What can you do to make healthy eating habit?
First, think about your reasons for heathier eating. Do you want to improve your health?Do you want to feel better?
Next, think about small changes that you can make. Then set some goals and go for them.
Set an easy goal you can reach.,like having a piece of fruit each day.
Set a long-term goal too, such as having one meal not including meat or fish every week.What's more, having help from others is important . After you get more help, it'll be easier for you to make changes. Have family and friends help you make meals and give you  useful advice on healthy cooking .
If you need more help, talk to your doctor or look online for groups that care about healthy eating and tell success stories .
The question is: The second paragagh is mainly about   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:how to eat healthily
B:how to lose weight
C:the advantages of eating and dieting
D:the difference between healthy eating and dietingMost English people have three names: a first name, a middle name and a family name . For example, my full name is Ann Allan Green. Green is my family name. Ann and Allan are my given names. People don't use their middle names very much.So we can say Ann Green. We can say Miss Green or Mrs. Green. But we can't say Miss Ann or Mrs. Ann. It's different from Chinese names. In China, the first name is the family name and the last name is the given name.
The question is: In English-speaking countries, the first name is the  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:given name
B:family name
C:middle name
D:full nameMy name is Mimi. I'm black and white. I like sitting on the chair in the sun in winter. Do you know my favorite food? It is fish. I don't like apples. I can climb trees. I can sing " Miao, miao". What am I? Can you guess?
The question is: What can Mimi do?
The possible answers are:
A:Climb trees.
B:Play computer games.
C:Watch television.
D:CookWill you be excited when you finally get to relax? Here, three of the studetns tell us what they plan to do after the big exam.
Li Junzhe, 15, Huaihua, Hunan Province    My friends and I will travel to Beijing right after the exam. We planned to go by ourselves but were turned down by our parents. They said we were too young to travel alone. They said they would go with us. I'm okay with it because I've already traveled by myself.
Zhu Hangian, 15, Dexing, Jiangxi Province   What am I going to do this summer? Of course I'll go to see the Great Wall! But before that, I will watch movies. Because of the big exam, I haven't seen any movies for a long time. I will watch whatever is in the cinema! As for the Great Wall, I can't wait to see the beautiful views.
Dong Xu, 14, Dalian, Liaoning Province  I will, no doubt, play computer games for days after the big exam. My mother never let me during the past few years. I can't imagine how exciting it will be. Also my friends and I will go to see the Great Wall.
The question is: The three students will be excited about their summer plans because  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:they will go to see Shanghai Expo
B:they all want to see movies
C:they will play games for days
D:they will travel to BeijingFeng Huan was born  in a far village in Jiangxi Province. She is 13 years old, but she is only as tall as a six-year-old girl. She is an unlucky child. Born with an illness,she can't walk as others. Family elders once tried to abandon  her because of her poor health, but her mother never gave up. She named her Feng Huan, which means happiness, hoping her daughter would grow up to have a happy life in the future.
The illness brought so much pain to Feng Huan over the years. Her legs have become deformed as she has been unable to walk since she was born. She could hardly walk or go to the washroom without help. What's worse, her illness is getting worse and worse, which puts pressure on one of her kidneys . Her mother has taken her to Shanghai to see a doctor, and her parents have done everything they could to treat her illness.
Thanks to great love from her mother, Feng Huan is able to go to school as other children.  She says she loves school because she can learn many things there and chat with her classmates. After she goes home on her mother's back from school, she does her homework with her favorite doll by her side. She takes the doll everywhere with her, even when she sleeps.
Luckily, when her story is reported, many kind-hearted people have lent helping hands.
Feng Huan is now r _ after corrective surgery  on her legs in Shenzheng, Guangdong Province. Perhaps we can see a healthy girl soon.
The question is: What do you think the writer want to tell us from this passage?    _
The possible answers are:
A:What a poor girl!
B:Mother's love makes her daughter strong.
C:Illness is terrible.
D:How to keep healthy.Traveling to every part of the world gets easier, but how well do we know and understand each other. Here's a simple test. Imagine you are planning to hold a meeting at four o'clock. What time should you expect your foreign business friends to arrive? If they are Germans, they'll arrive on time. If they are Americans, they'll probably be 15 minutes early. If they are Englishmen, they'll be 15 minutes late, and you should allow up to an hour for the Italians.
The British seemed to think since the English language was widely used in the world, people would always understand what they do. However, they found they were completely wrong. For example, the British are happy to have a business lunch and discuss business matters and have a drink during the meal. The Japanese prefer not to work while eating. Lunch is a time for them to relax and get to know each other and they don't drink at lunchtime. The Germans like to talk business before dinner. The French like to eat first and talk afterwards. They have to be well fed and watered before they discuss anything.
The question is: According to the writer, the British like to   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:arrive on time and talk business during the meal
B:arrive earliest and hate talking business at a meal
C:arrive 15 minutes late and talk business after the meal
D:arrive a few minutes late and discuss business during the mealI have been very lucky to make many trips to China. Though I have had some trouble with the language, I have never had a problem I couldn't solve. As a native English speaker ,I can go almost everywhere in the world and find someone to communicate with. I never thought that someone who speaks only Chinese would have a lot of trouble in my country.
Recently, the King family that I had met in China moved to Canada. I met them at the airport. My wife and I made meals for them and showed them around where we live. Everything seemed to go smoothly for the first two days as we looked for a car for them, showed them the way to different stores and the nearest city, Victoria. Mr. and Mrs King had a two-year-old son and soon we became Nainai (grandmother) and Yeye (grandfather). We were having a good time but we didn't realize Mr. King can't speak English.
Luckily, Mrs. King can speak very good English. Many people with Chinese background live near us. In fact, none of them speak Chinese. Mr. King can't even buy a mobile phone without his wife's help. He can't talk to me, of course. By the third day, he felt lonely and worried. And on the fourth day, we decided to take them to a large Chinese community.
Now, we often visit them and they visit us too. Sometimes Mrs. King would still like to live near us but Mr. King cannot. I feel bad because he seems very nice and smart but I can't talk with him. It seems that neither of us will learn the other's language because of our ages, maybe we will never have a friendly conversation. But we will think of each other as friends.
The question is: What can we infer from the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:Mr. King is not clever at all.
B:The writer has never been to China before.
C:Both the writer and Mr. King are quite young.
D:The two families live a little far away from each other now.Mark Black is my good friend. He is English. He has a yellow bike. His bike number is 9075. His mother has a black car. The number is CA3566. His father has a black car, too. The number is CA3567.
The question is: His mother's car is  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:yellow
B:black
C:red
D:white?Allen!
5/7 Monday
I'm busy this week. The following Sunday is Mother's Day and there are many activities at school. One of them is PTA Day. It's on Friday. Mum and Dad are both coming. I'm a little nervous  . What will Mr. Chang tell them?
5/8 Tuesday
Mr. Wu is our new music teacher. He teaches us Mother, a beautiful song about our love for mothers.
5/9 Wednesday
We practice Mother today. This is the special present for our parents on Friday.
5/10 Thursday
It takes us two hours to decorate  our classroom for PTA Day. I'm tired. Mum is nervous. It's  the first time for her to meet our teachers. She is always nervous about talking to teachers from her childhood . That's funny.
The question is: Why does Allen's mother feel nervous?
The possible answers are:
A:Allen does not do well at school.
B:She is afraid of talking to teachers.
C:Allen's f ather is going to school, too.
D:She has to sing a song in front of the class.A blind boy sat on the steps of a building with a hat by his feet. He held up a sign which said, "I am blind, please help."
There were only a few coins in the hat. A man was walking by. He took a few coins from his pocket and dropped them into the hat. He then took the sign, turned it around, and wrote some words. He put the sign back so that everyone who walked by would see the new words.
Soon the hat began to fill up. A lot more people were giving money to the blind boy. That afternoon the man who had changed the sign came to see how things were. The boy heard his footsteps and asked, "Were you the one who changed my sign this morning? What did you write?"
The man said, "I only wrote the truth. I said what you said but in a different way."
What he had written was, " Today is a beautiful day but I cannot see it." Do you think the first sign and the second sign were saying the same thing?
Of course, both signs told people the boy was blind. But the first sign simply told people to help by putting some money in the hat. The second sign told people that they were able to enjoy the beauty of the day, but the boy could not enjoy it because he was blind.
The first sign simply said the boy was blind. The second sign told people they were so lucky that they were not blind.
The question is: What can we learn from this passage?
The possible answers are:
A:It's helpful of us to help people in need.
B:There are many poor people in the world like the blind boy.
C:It's a good way to make money by holding a sign.
D:We should learn to speak to others in a suitable way.Mike has a sports collection . He has four basketballs, five volleyballs and four soccer balls. He has seven tennis rackets and eight tennis balls. He has eight ping-pong bats and nine ping-pong balls, too. Mike has some bags in his room: four yellow bags and two green bags. He puts   the basketballs in a yellow bag, the volleyballs in a yellow bag, and the soccer balls in a yellow bag. He puts the tennis rackets in a yellow bag, the ping-pong bats in a green bag, and the tennis balls and the ping-pong balls in the last bag.
The question is: Where are the ping-pong balls?
The possible answers are:
A:In a yellow bag.
B:On a yellow bag.
C:In a green bag.
D:On a green bag.A little knowledge can make a difference at a time of life or death. Do you know what to do if you find yourself in an earthquake?
lf you are inside:
Quickly move under a strong desk, a strong table or along a wall. You can also go into a small room like the bathroom. This will protect you from falling things. Do not get into a lift.
Don't stand near windows, large mirrors, heavy furniture of fireplaces.
If you're outside:
Move away from buildings and streetlights. These could fall on you. Squat  and protect your head until the shaking stops.
After the earthquake:
Check, take care of injuries and help make sure people around you are all right. Watch out for _ .
Protect yourself by wearing long pants, a long-sleeved shirt and strong shoes. Listen to tile radio for the latest information.
The question is: lf you outside during an earthquake  _
The possible answers are:
A:you must move into a building
B:you cannot squat
C:you have to stop the shaking
D:you must move away from streetlightsMr Smith works in a factory in the middle of the city. The factory is not far from his home. It is about 800 meters away. So Mr Smith doesn't go to work by bus. He usually goes there by bike, sometimes he walks to work. It takes  him 10 minutes to get there by bike or 20 minutes on foot. He usually leaves home at ten minutes to eight. Today something is wrong with his bike. He wants to walk there. His work starts at half past eight in the morning and finishes at a quarter  to five in the afternoon.
,.
The question is: Why doesn't Mr Smith go to work by bus?
The possible answers are:
A:Because there is no bus.
B:Because his factory is not far from his home.
C:Because he likes riding a bike.
D:Because he doesn't like taking a bus.Have you ever wondered what goes through your mind when you choose where to sit in a new classroom? Or in a waiting room full of strangers? Or on a bus? Researchers have found out some interesting facts.
Perhaps unsurprisingly, we prefer to sit closer to people like ourselves. Girls sit by girls and boys sit by boys. Adults sit together and young people choose another young person to sit near. But it goes further than this. We even choose to sit near someone who looks like us. People with glasses are more likely to sit near other people with glasses. People with long hair sit closer to other people with long hair.
We seem to believe that people with similar habits or hobbies will share similar attitude and we are more likely to be accepted by people like ourselves or even, we think we may be safer with people who look like us. Sometimes that's true but it's a pity if we always stick to the same people, the same group. The danger in always staying in our comfort zone  is that we just recycle the same opinions, the same tastes and the same ideas. We lose the chance to learn something new, find out about interesting things, hear funny stories and discover difference.
When we always stick to the same people, how can we ever break down the barriers which prevent us from getting to know people with different ideas? And how can we avoid the ignorance  ,which too often leads to prejudice   and even fear? If instead you want to live in a society that opens to changes and new things and different opinions, be the cat among the pigeons.
Move out of your comfort zone. Go and sit next to someone different. And don't just sit there in silence. Say hello. Ask a question. Start a conversation. That's how we make friends. That's how we learn about people. That's how we open our minds to new ideas. That's how we live an exciting life.
The question is: People like staying in their comfort zone because they may
The possible answers are:
A:remain comfortable and special
B:be accepted easily and feel safe
C:find out more interesting things
D:discover differences among themselvesVery hot weather is common in many parts of the world. Although hot weather just makes most people hot, it can cause medical problems and death.
Floods, storms and other terrible natural events kill thousands of people every year. And we hear much about them in news reports. We general hear little about heat, which experts say may be nature's most dangerous killer.
Health experts say that since the year 1900, very hot weather has killed more people in the United States than any other natural event. One year--- the unusually hot summer of 1980 heat caused about 1,700 deaths in the United States. In 1995, more than 600 people died in another heat wave in one city----Chicago, Illinois.
Besides drinking lots of cool water , doctors say there are some other things to do to protect against the health dangers of heat. Stay out of the sun, if possible. Wear loose and light--colored clothes. Wear a hat while in the sun. Eat fewer hot and heavy foods. And, when possible, cook foods during cooler time of the day. If possible, rest more often.
Health experts say these simple steps can prevent the dangerous health problems caused by heat. They will prevent sickness, help you feel better and may even save your life.
The question is: Experts say maybe   _  is natural's most dangerous killer.
The possible answers are:
A:heat
B:a flood
C:a storm
D:an earthquakeDo you want to know how you can succeed in a new school term? Here are several tips for you from some teachers.
* Use a calendar or chart. Write down special tasks, activities and important dates on a calendar. This helps you remember things you need to do. You can also make a chart. Then, use colorful pens to circle or draw a line under your homework, reading tasks or other activities. By using a chart, you learn how to plan for your studies.
* Buy folders   in different colors. Put your notebooks in different folders according to the subject. This helps you keep papers and notes organized.
* Books are great friends. Visit the bookstore or library every few weeks to find a new book to read. The more you get excited about reading, the more confident you will become.
* Join all kinds of clubs or sports. It's important to communicate with teenagers outside of school. Joining sports clubs or other group activities is also a good way to help you learn how to get on with others. During this process , you can learn how to solve problems and respect others.
* Ask for help. You're never too old to ask for help. You can turn to your teachers when there is a question about homework, projects or relationships with your family members. They are there to help solve problems and listen to you.
The question is: You can NOT write down   _   on a calendar.
The possible answers are:
A:special tasks
B:homework
C:activities
D:important datesAre you a TV lover? Can you imagine living without TV? Well, you could give it a try.
A group of Americans, TV-Turnoff Networks , have an idea. From April 19 to 25, they are asking children all over the world to turn off their TVs for one week. They hope children will find more interesting things to do. Maybe they can read some books, or learn to swim, or paint a picture. Since 1995, about 24 million people in America have taken part in TV-Turnoff Week.
TV-Turnoff Network says watching TV too much can bring children big problems; with school, health and family. They want kids to watch less TV. What do you think?
Bad for your studies
American scientists did a study of 1300 children .They watched the children for four years .They say that if children watch lots of TV, they don't do well in school.
Bad for your health
Studies show that when children watch lots of TV , they eat more unhealthy food . Most children are getting overweight   .overweight children become ill more easily .Watching too much TV is also bad for their eyes .
Bad for family life
About 40%of America families watch TV at dinner time .That means that they don't talk very much when they eat together .
Also ,too many violent   things
An American study says that before a child turns 18 years old ,the child will see 20 000 violent things on TV .Some kids become violent in real life .
If you want to learn more about this unusual week ,you can go to this Website, www.tvturnoff. org .
,. (10)
The question is: Which of the following sentences is NOT true?
The possible answers are:
A:Millions of people have taken part in TV-Turnoff Week since 1995.
B:The Website www.tvturnoff.org can tell you more about TV-Turnoff Week.
C:Children in American aren't allowed to see violent things on TV until they are 18.
D:About three fifths of American families don't watch TV when they have dinner.Many students ask for advice about improving their English. There are three basic questions.
The first question is about real English. Li Hao from Hubei wrote, "I enjoy watching English films and listening to real English songs. But it takes a long time. What do you think?"
This is a great way to learn English! Talk about the film or song with your friends, and guess the meaning of the new words. Just enjoy yourself!
The second question is about speaking. Sam, from Suzhou wrote. "Our school has a foreign teacher. But I'm shy and can't speak to her. What should I do?"
When I visit China, lots of people in the street say, "Hello! How are you? Where are you from? Do you like China?" These are good questions to start a talk. Many people are shy when they speak English, so before you begin, take a deep breath and smile! Smiling always helps.
The third question is about vocabulary. Oliver, from Anhui wrote, "I want to remember all the new words. I write them down, but I forget them quickly. What should I do?"
Try to remember eight or ten words a day. Write them on pieces of paper and place them in your bedroom. Say the words when you see them, and change them every day. And when you're  shopping, how about counting the English words, or saying the English names for everything you see?
The question is: What is Oliver's problem?
The possible answers are:
A:He's too shy to talk with others.
B:He's not able to count English words.
C:He can't remember new words.
D:He doesn't know what real English is.Welcome to London! Now let me tell you something about this wonderful city. London, the capital of the United Kingdom, is the biggest city in Western Europe with over 7 million people. It sits by the River Thames. London has a history of more than 2,000 years. Because of its long history and different cultures, London is a very famous city in the world. People all over the world are familiar with the city's red double-decker buses and black taxis.
People
The British Empire   used to rule around the world, so many people from around the world moved to London. They have brought with them their own languages and cultures. More than 300 different languages are spoken in London.
Culture
London is known for its many museums. One important museum is the British Museum. It is the oldest public museum in the world. There are two main art museums in London: the National Gallery   and the Tate Gallery  . Besides, London is also home to arts, such as theatre and music. The Globe Theatre, which was popular in the late 16th and early 17th centuries, was opened for performances of William Shakespeare's plays.
Tourist attractions
London has many wonderful places to visit. For example, the well-known Clock Tower, a 320-foot high tower, was called the Big Ben. Another famous London building is Buckingham Palace. The members of royal family of England live there. Besides, Hyde Park is the largest open area in central London.
The question is: Which of the following is NOT mentioned in the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:The location   of London.
B:The history of London.
C:The interesting places in London.
D:The food in London.In my life, I have received many gifts from my mother. The most important was my life. However, there's another special gift I will never forget.
When I grew up, I left home and got a job in South America. One day , a call came from my brother, "Something is wrong with Mom. She's forgetful  . She thinks we're hiding   you from her..."
I got back home at once. It was clear that she would not be able to stay in the house alone.
For nearly 4 years I stayed with my mother and we had fun. We even planted some vegetables together in the garden. It was not easy for me. I had to stop working. When I had to leave , I had to ask someone to look after her or drive her to my brother's.
When it became clear that she was near the end, family memebers were called to come to say their good byes. For 3 weeks my sister and I just sat with Mom, took long walks and spent some real time with each other. My sister and I were both with Mom when she was passing away  , holding her hands and telling her how much we loved her. At the end of life, my mother gave me the gift of time with my sister in a way we would never have given ourselves.
The question is: The writer spent 4 years   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:working hard
B:planning vegetables
C:building a garden
D:looking after her motherBALTIMORE. MARYLAND--An old postcard changed the lives of an eleven-year-old boy and a very sick woman. The postcard had a picture of the steamship Titanic. The Titanic was the largest ocean ship in the world. It hit an iceberg and sank on April 14. 1912. More than 1,500 of the 2,200 people on the ship were killed.
The postcard was passed from one person to another for more than 80 years. Then it appeared at a card show for people who liked to collect postcards. An eleven-year-old boy, Joey Russell, came to the show with his grandfather. His grandfather knew everything about the Titanic and its trip from England to New York. "Let's buy that postcard." he told Joey. "It will be important someday."
Two years later, Joey's grandfather took him on a special trip. They went on a trip to the North Atlantic ocean to watch as workers pulled the Titanic up from the bottom of the ocean. Joey put his special postcard in his bag for the trip. On the ship, Joey met Edith Haisman. This woman was on the Titanic when it sank. She was one of the people who were _ Joey pulled the postcard out of his pocket. "Please sign this, Mrs. Haisman." he said. She was happy to write her name on the back of the postcard.
When Joey got home, he put the postcard away and forgot about it, Then Kate Shelley, one of Joey's friends, told him that her mother was very sick. She needed an operation, but there was a problem. The operation was very expensive, and the family needed $80, 000 to pay for it. Friends and relatives tried to help. But where could they get so much money?
Then when Joey went to see the new movie "Titanic", he had an idea. "Millions of people are seeing this movie and reading about the Titanic." Joey thought. He remembered the old postcard with Edith Haisman's signature on it. "Maybe I can sell it for some money. Then I can help Kate's mom."
Joey told his mother and father about his idea to help Mrs. Shelley. His parents helped him try to sell the postcard to the person who would pay the most money for it. Joey's story was on television and in newspapers. Joey and Kate even went to New York to be on a national TV show. After the show, many people called in to offer money for the Titanic card. Someone bought it for $60. 000.
Joey's kind heart and the old Titanic postcard worked together to save a woman's life.
The question is: When did Joey Russell have the idea of selling his old postcard for money?
The possible answers are:
A:When Kate Shelley told him of her mother's sickness.
B:When he went to see the new movie "Titanic".
C:When he was reading the new book of Titanic.
D:When he remembered Mrs. Haisman's signature on his card.Last July, my 12-year-old car died on California's Santa Freeway. It was an hour before sunset, and I was 25 miles from home. I couldn't reach anyone to pick me up, so I decided to take a bus. Not knowing the routes, I thought I'd just go east.
A bus stopped. I got on and asked the driver how far she was going, "Ten more miles," she said. There was another bus I could take from there. This clearly was going to be a long night.
I got off at the end of the route and she told me which bus to look for. After waiting 30 minutes, I began to think about a very expensive taxi ride home. Then a bus came up. There was no lighted number above its windshield. It was out of service, but the door opened. It was the same driver.
"I just can't leave you here," she said. "This isn't the nicest place. I will give you a ride home."
"You will drive me home on the bus?" I asked, _ .
"No, I will take you in my car," she said.
"It's a long way," I insisted.
"Come on, " she said. "I have nothing else to do."
As we drove from the station in the car, she began telling me a story, A few days earlier, her brother had run out of gas. A good man picked him up, took him to a service station and then back to his car. "I'm just passing the favor  along," she said.
When I offered her money as a thank-you, she wouldn't accept. "Just do something nice for somebody. Pass it along," she said.
The question is: The bus driver hoped that the writer  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:would drive someone home
B:would help someone in need
C:would keep her in memory
D:would give the money to othersJust a Little Smile
Mark was walking home from school one day when he saw the boy in front of turn fall over and drop all of the books he was carrying, along with two sweaters, a basketball and a walkman  . Mark stopped and helped the boy pick up these things. Since they were going the same way, he helped to carry some of his things. As they walked, Mark knew that the boy's name was Bill, that he loved computer games, basketball and history, and that he was having lots of troubles with his other subjects and that he had just _ with his girlfriend.
They arrived at Bill's home first and Mark was invited  in for a Coke and to watch some television. The afternoon passed happily with a few laughs and some small talk, then Mark went home. They often saw . each other at school, had lunch together once or twice, and then they both finished middle school. They ended up in the same high school where they sometimes saw and talked with each other over the years. At last just three weeks before they finished high school, Bill asked Mark if they could talk.
Bill asked Mark if he still remembered the day years ago when they had first met. "Did you ever think why I was carrying so many things home that day?" asked Bill. "You see, I cleaned out my locker  because I didn't want to leave anything for anyone else. I had put away some of my mother's sleeping pills and I was going home to kill myself. But after we spent some time together talking and laughing, ! began to understand that if I killed myself, I would have missed that time and so many others that might follow. So you see, Mark, when you picked up those books that day, you did a lot more. You saved my life. "
The question is: Mark and Bill  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:were in the same middle school and high school
B:were in the same middle school but not in the same high school
C:of ten had lunch together at school
D:had known each other before they began to study in middle schoolYou may feel curious   about students in other countries: Do they also have so much homework? What do they do in their free time?
On April 8, a report came out on the lives of high school students in China, Japan, South Korea and the US. It surveyed around 6,200 students from the four countries last year. You will find the answers to many of your questions in this report.
Who studies hardest?
Chinese students spend the most time studying. Nearly half of Chinese students spend more than two hours on their homework every day. That's much more than students of the US (26.4%), Japan (8.2%) and South Korea (5.2%).
Who sleeps most often in class?
Japanese students fall asleep in class most often. About 45% of them said they sometimes _ in class. In South Korea, it's 32%; in the US, 21%; and 5% in China.
South Korean students don't like taking notes. About 70% said they write down what the teacher says in class, much fewer than in Japan (93%), China (90%) and the US (89%).
Who is the most distracted  ?
American students are the most active in class, but also the most distracted: 64.2% said they chat with friends in class; 46.9% said they eat snacks in class; and 38.9% said they send e-mails or read unrelated   books in class.
What do they do after school?
In their free time, most Chinese students study or surf the Internet. Most American students hang out with their friends. Most Japanese students do physical exercises. Most Korean students watch TV.
The question is: What country isn't mentioned in the report?
The possible answers are:
A:The US
B:South Korea
C:Japan
D:IndiaEnglish people like to say "Thank you" when others help them or say something kind to them. In fact, people all around the world do so. It's a very good habit.
You should say "thank you" when someone passes you the salt on the table or opens the door for you, or say you have done your homework well.  "Thank you" is used not only between friends but also between parents and children, brothers and sisters, husbands and wives.
"Excuse me" is another useful short expression. When you hear someone say so behind you, you know he or she wants to walk past you without touching you. It's not polite   to interrupt  others when they are talking. So if you want to speak to one of them, say "Excuse me" first. You should also do so when you want to make any noises  that may trouble others or you have to leave early at a party.
Let's all learn to say "Thank you" and "Excuse me". It's really important to get into the good habit.
The question is: You should say "Thank you" when   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:someone smiles to you
B:someone opens the door for you
C:you pass the salt to others on the table
D:you want to cough before othersIf you go into the forest with friends, stay with them. If you don't, you may get lost. Sit down and stay where you are. Don't try to find your friends, but let them find you instead . You can help them find you by staying in one place. There is another way to help your friends or other people to find you. You can shout or whistle three times. Stop for a while. Then shout or whistle three times again. Any signal given three times is a help.
Keep up shouting or whistling. Always three times together. When people hear you, they will know that you are not just making a noise for fun. They will let you know that they have heard your signal. They will give you two shouts or two whistles. When a signal is given twice, it is an answer to a call for help.
If you don't think that you will get help before night comes, try to make a little house with branches . Make yourself a bed with leaves and grass.
When you need some water, you have to leave your little branch house to look for it. Don't just walk away. _ When you are lost, the most important thing to do is stay in one place.
The question is: Which of the following statement is RIGHT?
The possible answers are:
A:If you get lost in the forest, you should try your best to find your friends.
B:When you hear whistles for twice, that means someone needs help.
C:If you leave branches to look for water, you can find your way back easily.
D:When you are lost, the important thing to do is to cry.Hello! My name is Bob Smith. I am an English boy.
Here are some school things . This is my school ID card. Its number is 201289767. This yellow bag is mine. A yellow eraser, a purple pencil, a red pen and a book are in it. Oh, that dictionary is mine, too. Is the green pencil box mine, too? No, it isn't. It is my good friend Lin Hui's. His school ID card number is 201287967. Green is his favorite color. He is in  a green jacket, and that green bag is his, too.
The question is: There are  _  things in Bob's schoolbag.
The possible answers are:
A:three
B:four
C:five
D:sixMr Green is an Englishman. He teaches English well His English classes are very interesting. He likes us and we like him, too.
Mr Green has two children----Mike and Nancy. Mike is eight and his sister Nancy is five. Mike goes to school but Nancy doesn't. Mr Green likes to wear a T-shirt and a pair of jeans. Football is his favorite sport. After school we often have a basketball match. Sometimes Mr Green watches and joins us. He plays basketball just for us.
The question is: The story is about   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:Mr Green's son
B:Mr Green
C:Mike and Nancy
D:a basketballWe live on the Earth. It's our home. But how much do you know about it?
The Earth is like a huge ball. Like the other seven planets, the Earth is running around the Sun. It's the third nearest planet to the Sun. It takes the Earth about 365 days to run around the Sun. At the same time, the Earth is going around itself. If you are in space, you can see lots of white clouds over the surface of the Earth. Through the clouds, you can see the blue color of the oceans and the brown color of the land. About 70% of the Earth is covered with water.
Why do we have day and night? When the half of the Earth is facing the Sun, it's daytime. As the Earth turns and this half is away from the Sun, night is coming. And it's daytime for the other half.
The question is: How many planets are running around the Sun?
The possible answers are:
A:Seven.
B:Eight.
C:Nine.
D:Ten.David: I like blue. I have a clothes shop, and I find when I changed the wall's color to blue, my clothes sold better. Someone told me that blue can make people feel safe.
Mary: I'm a nurse. I heard that green can make people feel energetic. Because it's the color of nature, it can also give people a feeling of hope. It's my favorite.
Li Ming: I like red. In our country, red means good luck. For example, during Spring Festival, most Chinese people like wearing red clothes , because we believe it will bring us good luck in the future.
Sam: I like orange because it's a warm color. When I'm sad, if I see something orange buying things that are orange ---- bags, hats, cups, anything! I live in an orange world!
Linda: I think black is a powerful color . We know that the leaders of a country always wear black clothes. And, it makes people look thin.
The question is: If you want to give a gift to a friend who is sad, which of the following is the bestaccording to the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:A blue cup.
B:A green pencil case.
C:An orange coat
D:A black walletI love music. I learned to play the guitar at 11 and I wrote my first song four years later. My dream -----to become a country singer.
After years of hard work, a record company was showing interest in me. One day during a trip to mountains, a friend gave me a bit of meth, a kind of drugs . I smoked it. And that was all that I thought about for the next year and a half. I couldn't live without it.
When the police came to me, I looked like death. The first seven days in prison , I just slept. When I woke up on the eighth day, I had never known such shame and guilt . I walked down the hall to the pay phone. My mama is the best person on the earth, and I knew this was going to break her heart. When I heard her voice on the phone, I told her where I was. She just said, "Son, no matter what you did, I love you forever .
Her words gave me the confidence to face my trouble . And I also realized  this was my chance to start a new life.
When people hear my words, I hope they will not make the same mistake  as I have, but I know that you can overcome  almost anything, especially smoking drug. That's why I share my story here.
The question is: Why was the writer put into prison?
The possible answers are:
A:Because he offered others meth.
B:Because he took drugs.
C:Because he refused the company.
D:Because he didn't pay for his phone.One day the students were having painting lessons. Everyone began to draw pictures .Li Lei did nothing. When the bell rang for the break , Li Lei passed his picture to the teacher .
The teacher looked at it and got angry "Why do you give me a piece of paper with  nothing on it , Li Lei ?"asked the teacher.   "I'm sorry, sir. I drew a dog and some bread on the paper"says Li Lei ."Where is the  dog and bread ?"asked the teacher again.   I drew some bread first . When I finished drawing the dog , it ate up the bread . When  I  gave it to you , the dog ran away ."says Li Lei..
The question is: The teacher was very  _   when he saw Li Lei's picture.
The possible answers are:
A:happy
B:angry
C:sad
D:sorryWhy play games? Because they are fun, and a lot more besides. Following the rules, planning your next move, acting as a team member------these are all "game" ideas that you will have throughout your life.
Think about some of the games you played as a young child, such as rope-jumping and hide-and-seek. Some games are entertaining and fun. But perhaps more importantly, they _ that teach children some of the basic rules they will be expected to follow the rest of their lives, such as taking turns and teamwork.
Many children's games have a practical side. Children around the world play games that prepare them for work they will do as adults. For example, some Saudi Arabian children play a game called bones. It can be very helpful to exercise their hands and eyes, which is needed in hunting.
Many sports encourage national or local pride. The most famous games of all, the Olympic Games, bring athletes from around the world together to take part in the friendly competition. People who watch the event wave flags, knowing that a gold medal is a win for a whole country, not just the athlete who has got _ . For countries experiencing natural disasters or war, an Olympic win can mean so much.
Sports are also an event that brings people together. Soccer is the most popular sport in the world. People on all continents play it------some for fun and some for a living. Nicolette Iribarne, a Californian soccer player, has discovered a way to spread hope through soccer. He set up an organization which can provide poor children with not only soccer balls but also a hopeful future.
Next time, when you play your favorite game or sport, think about why you enjoy it, what skills are needed, and whether these skills will help you in your life.
The question is: What is the passage mainly about?
The possible answers are:
A:The popular games.
B:Games and real life.
C:The advantages of games.
D:Children's games and the future.I am Wei Fang. I am a Chinese girl. I have  a good friend. Her name is Miaomiao. Do you think  Miaomiao is a nice girl ? That's wrong . She isn't a girl but a cat. She's a little   lovely  cat. Miaomiao is black and brown. She is only fourteen days old. She _ e  her mother Mimi.
The question is: Miaomiao looks like   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:a cat
B:her mother
C:lovely
D:a nice girlHouse of noodles
We have three size bowls of noodles, small, medium and large. A small bowl of mutton  and carrot noodles is RMB 5. A medium bowl of beef and potato noodles is RMB 7. A large bowl of chicken and cabbage noodles is RMB 8.
Welcome to our house.
Lunch special
We have some great specials. The cabbage, tomatoes and rice lunch special is RMB 3. The beef, carrots and rice lunch special is RMB 5. The dumplings and soup lunch special is RMB 8.
Time: 11:00a.m---2:00p.m
Dessert house
What kind of dessert would you like? We have two new specials: (1) Apple, strawberry and ice cream. (2) Banana, orange and ice cream. And what size of dessert would you like? Small, medium or large? And we also have juice and tea.
The question is: If you go to the house of noodles, you can buy a medium bowl of   _   noodles.
The possible answers are:
A:beef and carrot
B:beef and potato
C:chicken and egg
D:mutton and cabbageParts of Africa are covered by a dark cloud. But this is no rain cloud. It is a living cloud made of billions of locusts   and they are eating everything in their path.
And now in order to fight against this disaster, a radio station in Senegal, West Africa, is offering listeners 5 kilograms of rice if they can catch and kill 50 kilograms of locusts. "We think this idea will get more people to take part in the fight against the locusts," said Abdoulaye Ba, from Sud-Fm, a radio station in one of Senegal's worst affected area.
This is West Africa's biggest locust disaster in 15 years. Now it is moving east and it leads to the loss of crops. When they move, they have babies, so their number is getting bigger. and will soon threaten   Sudan in the northeast of Africa. Some say it may reach Asia.
Experts say many people in the areas will go hungry because of this disaster. What's worse, governments in the areas don't have enough things to fight the locusts.
Although leaders of 12 countries have agreed on a plan, it is not enough. 'We are now treating 6,000 hectares   per day with pesticide  , but we need to treat 20,000 hectares per day in order to have any hope of controlling this disaster,' said Mohamed Abdallahi Ould Babah, leader of locust control  in Mauritania.
The question is: Which of the following is WRONG?
The possible answers are:
A:Sud-Fm offered a reward  to those people would join in catching and killing locusts.
B:Senegal is to the northwest of Sudan.
C:People in West Africa often go hungry.
D:12 countries worked together but they didn't have enough pesticide."Tom? Are you in bed yet?" called Mrs White. There was no answer. Mrs White put down her book and went to her 14-year-old son's room. Tom was sitting in front of a bright computer screen on which a colourful dragon jumped and shouted.
"Oh, Tom! You're still playing on that computer. You must stop now. It's half past eleven. If you don't go to bed soon, you'll be very tired tomorrow," said Mrs White.
"But I've nearly beaten the dragon," said Tom. Mrs White could see the excitement on her son's face. She sat down beside him.
"You are always playing on that computer. You spend more time with this machine than with your family," she said with a smile. "What's special about it? Show me what it can do!"
"I think this is a great computer, Mum!" he said happily. "The hardware   is good. There's so much memory and it has some wonderful software programs. This game, 'Dragon Player', is my favourite, but I sometimes borrow games from Daniel and other friends. I don't have to worry about any infected  disks because I have a virus  detector   which can go over any disk and check it for viruses. Let me show you!" Tom began tapping. The screen changed in answer to his orders.
"Oh, Tom," laughed Mrs White. "I'm sure it's a wonderful computer, but I'm afraid I don't know what you're talking about."
The question is: What do we know about Mrs White?
The possible answers are:
A:She loves her son too much.
B:She loves computer games too.
C:She is very hard on his son.
D:She is as wonderful as the computer game.The next time you look up at the sky and see a cloud that looks like Mickey Mouse or your favorite fruit, look again. It may not be a cloud, but a Flogo -- a logo that flies. It's a new form of advertising in the sky that's never been used before. It's a different way to market your products, logos, and events.
These funny logos are made with soap bubbles   mixed with a little helium gas   ,which makes them lighter than air and float in the sky. Special machines are used to make these new funny Flogos. The machine, which can be rented for $ 2,500 a day, can make a Flogo every 15-25 seconds.
Flogos can fly much higher or lower if needed. They can last from a few minutes to an hour anywhere in the sky, depending on the weather conditions. Though they can fly up to 20, 000 feet, they usually float around at 300- 500 feet. Flogos are only white now, but people hope to have more colorful Flogos in the near future.
Flogos are Green, 100% environmentally safe, because the soap used to make the Flogo comes from plants and leaves. So this fun way of advertising is healthy and good for the environment.
The question is: Why are Flogos healthy and good for the environment?
The possible answers are:
A:Because they can float high and last for a long time in the sky.
B:Because there is a little helium gas mixed with soap bubbles.
C:Because the machines used to make them are special and expensive.
D:Because the soap used to make them comes from plants and leaves.Now satellites are helping to forecast the weather. They are in space and they can reach any part of the world. The satellites take pictures of the atmosphere , because this is where the weather forms . They send these pictures to the weather station. So meteorologists can see the weather of any part of the world. From the pictures, the scientists can often say how the weather will change.
Today, nearly five hundred weather stations in sixty countries receive satellite pictures. When they receive new pictures, the meteorologists compare them with earlier ones. Perhaps they may find that the clouds have changed during the last few hours .This may mean the weather on the ground may soon change, too. In their next weather forecast, the meteorologists can say this.
So the weather satellites are a great help to the meteorologists. Before satellites were invented, the scientists could forecast the weather for about 24 or 48 hours. Now they can make good forecasts for 3 or 5 days. Soon, perhaps , they may forecast the weather for a week or more ahead
The question is: Meteorologists forecast the weather  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:when they have received satellite pictures
B:after they have compared new satellite pictures with earlier ones
C:before they receive satellite pictures
D:while they study satellite picturesMike was the kind of guy you love to hate. He was always happy and always had something interesting to say. If someone asked him how he was doing, he would reply, "Couldn't be better!" He was really a care-free young man and never felt tired.
Mike used to say, "Each morning I wake up and say to myself, 'Mike, you have two choices  today. You can choose to be happy or you can choose to be upset.' I choose to be happy. Each time something happens, I am always ready to learn a good lesson. I choose to learn from life."
I tried to understand what he said. Indeed life is all about choices. Every situation is a choice. The bottom line is: You're living your life and you make it either happy or sad.
Several years later I had a car accident and my legs were seriously injured. When I was lying on the ground, I remembered that I had two choices: I could choose to live or choose to die. I chose to live.
People like to say, "Choose the one you love and love the one you choose." Why not choose the one we love and live happily?
The question is: Which can be the best title for the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:Life Is Difficult
B:Life Is Different
C:Life Is Colorful
D:Life Is Full of ChoicesThere are seven days in a week. They are Sunday, Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday, Friday and Saturday. Most children go to school from Monday to Friday. Most people don't work on Saturday afternoon or Sunday, and most shops are closed in England on Saturday afternoon and Sunday. (But in China shops are open every day). Sunday is a holiday. Some people go to church on this day. The time from Friday evening to Monday morning is the weekend. It is the time for rest . We can't work all the time. We have to rest from time to time.
The question is: Most children don't go to school on   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:Saturday
B:Monday
C:Wednesday
D:FridayWhen you think of your hair, you probably think of the hair on your head. But there's hair on almost every part of your body. (some places that don't have hair include the lips, the palms of the hands ,and the soles of the feet.)
Some of the hair on your body is easy to see, like your eyebrows and the hair on your head, arms, and legs. But other hair ,like that on your cheek, is almost invisible.
Depending on where it is, hair has different jobs. The hair on your head keeps your head warm and provided a little cushioning for your skull. _ protect your eyes by decreasing the amount of light and dust that go into them, and eyebrows protect your eyes from sweat dripping down from your forehead.
The question is: Where can hair be seen?
The possible answers are:
A:On head
B:On almost every part of the body
C:On lips
D:On palmsI'm Zhang Yue. I come fiom Beijing. I'm twelve years old and I'm a student. I have a bike. I go to school by  bike. I can speak Chinese and English. This is my friend. Her name is Alice Brown. She is twelve years old. Too. She likes red. We are in the same class. The man in the photo is Alice's father. He is my English teacher. His name is Peter Brown. He has small eyes and a big nose. He likes black and white. He is a good teacher.our classmstes and I all like him.
. (10)
The question is: What does Alice's father look like?
The possible answers are:
A:He is an English teacher.
B:He is tall and has small eyes.
C:He has small eyes and a big nose.
D:He has a round face and a wide nouth.Long long ago there was a poor man. He had an orange tree in his garden. On the tree there were many oranges . One day he found one of his oranges was much bigger than the others . It was as big as a football . Nobody had seen such a big orange . The poor man took the orange to the King. The King was so happy that he gave the man a lot of money for it .
When a rich man heard of   it . He said to himself, "It's only an orange. Why did the King give so much money for it ? I'll take my gold cup to the King. He'll give me more money ."
The next day when the King received the gold cup. He said to the rich man "What a beautiful cup !  I'll show you something wonderful ! Please take this great orange."
The question is: The rich man took his gold cup to the King. He thought   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:the King would give him the biggest orange
B:the King would give him a new house
C:he could get much more money than the poor man
D:the King would give him something wonderfulThere was once a boy in a village. Whenever he asked people to do things, no one would listen to him. He was sad. So he asked a wizard  to solve the problem by using magic. The old wizard tried a lot of spells , but it didn't work.
A young man heard about the problem. He went to the boy and said that he knew the solution. He gave the boy two small pieces of paper.
"These are two spells, my boy. Use the first before you ask others to do something, and use the second when they have done it. A smile is also necessary, "the young man said.
The boy was happy and tried to use the spells. When he asked people to do something, he said "Please" before his words and "Thank you"after they had done it. People were very surprised that the boy could be polite. Soon, they became happy to do what the boy asked them to do.
The wizard was surprised, and asked the young man about the spells.
"It's not magic. When I was a child, my teacher told me that with good _ you could get anything you want. And he was right. The boy only needed good manners to get what he wanted."
The question is: At first, when the boy asked for help,  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:everyone helped him
B:some people helped him
C:only a few people helped him
D:nobody helped himLife comes in a package.This package includes happiness and sadness, failure and success, hope and _ .Life is a learning process.Experiences in life teach us new lessons and make us a better person.With each passing day we learn to deal with various situations.
Love plays a main role in our life.Love makes you feel wanted.Without love a person could become cruel.In the early stage of our life, our parents are the ones who show us with love and care.They teach us about what is right and wrong, good and bad.But we don't always care about it.It is only after marriage and having kids that a person understands others' feelings.
Happiness can bring people a peaceful mind.No mind is happy without peace.Sadness is the cause of the death of a loved one or the failure.But all of these things will pass away.
Failure is the path to success.It helps us to touch the sky, teaches us to survive and shows us a specific way.Success brings in money, pride and self-respect.
Hope is what keeps life going.Parents always hope their children will do well.Hope makes us dream.Hope builds in patience.Life teaches us not to despair even in the darkest hour, because after every night there is a day.
Life teaches us not to regret over yesterday, for it has passed and is out of our control.Tomorrow is unknown, for it could either be bright or dark. _
The question is: In which section can readers probably read the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:Business.
B:Travel.
C:Lifestyles.
D:Education.Volunteers are people who do a job for the satisfaction  of helping others.
Volunteers do many different types of jobs.Some volunteers read books onto tapes so that people with poor eyesight can listen.
Some volunteers deliver meals to elderly or sick people.
Some volunteers help tourists   who visit a city during a major event like the Olympic Games or the Commonwealth Games.
Volunteers help whenever a community is hit by a natural disaster .
Volunteers assist(,)in putting out bush fires.They might also help to evacuate people from areas that have been flooded or hit by an earthquake or tsunami .
A community may not recover without the help of volunteers.
Some communities require volunteers more than others.
Communities that don't have much money require a great deal of help from volunteers.
Communities with a large number of elderly people might require more help from volunteers than communities with more young people.Without volunteers, some communities couldn't operate.
The question is: Communities with   _   elderly people might require more help from volunteers.
The possible answers are:
A:a few
B:a lot of
C:little
D:muchHave you ever heard of Back-to-Front Day? It is a festival in Britain. On that day, the adults have to go to school. And the children? They are the policemen and firemen; they sit in the offices and call New York and Paris; they are doctors and nurses.
"Stand in the corner, Mr. Bass!" said Mary. Mary was six and had a class of twenty-three men and fifteen women. They were making too much noise.
John was a policeman. Though his uniform was too big, he walked down the street with pride. "Hm, why are you not at school?" "Oh, I ... I have something important to do," said the man.   "Fiddlesticks  !" said John angrily. He took out his notebook. "Name?" he asked. "Mr. Green." John wrote it down and blew his whistle   and a police car appeared. "I have a _ here," said John. "Drive him to school!"
At the hospital a small doctor climbed on one chair in order to examine   Mrs. Brown's throat, and Nurse Jenny took Granny Lisa's temperature.
The best part of Back-to-Front Day is in the evening. The children put the adults to bed, very early. They tell them a story, too -- after the adults wash their faces and brush their teeth.
How interesting Back-to-Front Day is!
The question is: How many students were there in Mary's class?
The possible answers are:
A:15.
B:23.
C:38.
D:44.Nasreddin woke up in the middle of the night and saw something white in his garden. It seemed to be moving towards the house.
That is a thief ! He thought, and he took his gun and shot  at him. Then he went back to bed, because he was too frightened) to go out of the house in the dark.
The next morning Nasreddin went out and saw one of his white shirts hanging on the clothes-line in the garden, his wife had washed it the day before and hung it out to dry. Now it had a bullet- hole right through middle of it.
My God, said Nasreddin, I was lucky last night. If I had been wearing that shirt, the bullet would have killed me! And he called his neighbours together and asked them to thank God for saving him.
The question is: . At midnight, Nasreddin saw   _  in his garden.
The possible answers are:
A:something strange
B:a thief
C:something white
D:a ghostHe was a single father, raising a 5-year-old boy alone. He worried about his son growing up without a mother to care for him.
One day he went away on business, leaving the child alone. He was worried about the child all the way, not knowing if he had eaten. But his child always told him not to worry. He went home quickly after finishing his work.
When he got home, the child was deep asleep. He was tired out. When he was about to sleep himself, he was surprised to find an overturned bowl of noodles under the quilt. He spanked his sleeping son angrily:"Why are you so naughty, making the quilt dirty? Who will wash it?" It was the first time that he had hit his boy after his wife's death.
"I haven't," the boy explained with tears in his eyes. "This is your supper, Daddy." In order to let his father eat dinner as soon as he got home, the boy cooked two bowls of noodles: one for himself, the other one for his father. He was afraid his father's noodles would get cold, so he placed them under the quilt to keep them hot.
Hearing this, the father hugged his boy tightly without saying a word.
The question is: When the father got home ,   _
The possible answers are:
A:His son wasn't at home.
B:He was tired out
C:His son was doing his homework
D:He was very happy.Everyone hopes to have a healthy lifestyle. But do you know what a healthy lifestyle is like? Here are some ways to have a healthy life.
Get active
This is the most important way of a healthy lifestyle. Walking, running,
playing basketball and other sports will help you keep healthy.
Keep clean
Keep the places around you clean. Unclean and untidy places can not only make you angry but also (...) make you ill.
Eat healthily
Our health depends on   our food, so everyone should remember to eat healthy food. The healthier food you eat, the healthier you will be.
Live green
This is the easiest way to live a healthy lifestyle. Plant trees around your house. Try your best to use less  water. Stop using things if they are bad for environment .
The question is: From the passage, which of the following is the way to live green?
The possible answers are:
A:Getting lots of exercise.
B:Keeping clean and tidy.
C:Planting trees.
D:Eating more fruit and vegetables.One day, I saw Harry sitting under a tree. He looked very sad. So I asked him what was wrong.
"Nothing," He said, "I'm too short to join the school basketball team." "And our P.E .teacher thinks I've little hope to be in the team in half a year," he added.
"Why not join another team?" I asked.
"But my dream is to be an excellent basketball player in the future," he said.
He told me his father wanted him to change his idea to join the school ping-pong team.
"Good idea." I agreed. "You're sure to be popular, because you have a smart head."
The next day, he joined the school ping-pong team. He worked harder than any other boy. Soon he was very popular in the team and looked happy every day.
At the end of last month, his team took part in the city's high school ping-pong match. He and his team beat the others and won the championship.
Sometimes your dream may not come true. Then make a small change, and it will bring you another success.
,,.
The question is: The passage tells us that   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:Harry is too short to play basketball.
B:Harry wants to be a basketball player.
C:Making a change may be good for you.
D:a big dream can bring you success.Today is Sunday, March 20. We, sixteen boys and seventeen girls, go to school early, but we have no lessons. Our teacher takes us to the zoo. We are very excited about the trip. We get on a bus, it goes fast and at half past nine we get there. How beautiful the zoo is! There're a lot of trees, some hills, and a big lake. The sun is shining and the flowers are coming out. There are all kinds of animals in it, elephants, monkeys, birds, fishes and many other animals. The birds are singing in the trees and the fishes are swimming in the lake. We like to watch monkeys. They are playing on the hill or having oranges, apples and bananas. There are many rules in the zoo. We mustn't do this and we mustn't do that. But we all have a good time. At one in the afternoon we leave the zoo.
The question is: The weather is   _   today
The possible answers are:
A:sunny
B:cloudy
C:rainy
D:windyAs a volunteer teacher, I traveled a long way to a small village school in Longzhou, Guangxi. On my way there, I thought about the village, the school and the children there. However, _ when I arrived there. It wasn't what I expected. It didn't look like a school at all! The school had only three rooms, one for Grades 1,2 and 3, and the other for Graeds 4,5 and 6. There was a third one for me.
The children welcomed me warmly on my first day. They asked me a lot of questions, and I told them stories about myself and my life in Shanghai. The next day, I gave them a text to find out their level. To my surprise, thought the test was easy, over half of the students failed it, yet they all wanted to learn new things. I knew they needed me.
I was busy preparing lessons, reading test papers every night. I enjoyed teaching these lovely and hard-working children, and I could see that they were making progress with my help. I have also learned a lot from them. I understand their lives better, and we are now good friends.
I have worked in Longzhou for a year now. I'm very happy, and the experience has been very useful to me. I love the small village and the children. In fact, I would like to continue working here.
,.
The question is: The writer found the students level was   _   she expected after the first test.
The possible answers are:
A:higher than
B:shorter than
C:lower than
D:just asOnce an Englishman named Jack Brown went to Russia for a holiday. He stayed there for several months and then came home again. Some of his friends visited him a few days after he got back. "I had a very dangerous trip while I was in Russia," Jack said to them. "I wanted to see a friend of mine in the country and the bad weather made me very late. So I was still traveling through a forest in a sleigh  when the sun went down. It was a long way from my friend's house when about twenty wolves began to follow my sleigh. It was very dark in the forest. There was thick snow on the ground. It was cold, and there were no houses for miles and miles. First I heard the wolves. The noise was terrible! The horses heard them, too. They were frightened and began running faster. Then I saw long, gray forms among the trees, and soon the wolves were near us. They were running very fast, and they didn't seem to get tired like the horses."
"What did you do?" one of Jack's friends asked.
"When the wolves got very near," Jack answered, "I put up my gun and shot the first wolf. The sleigh was moving about, but I hit the animal and killed it. Then all the other wolves stopped and ate it, so our sleigh got away from them for a few minutes."
"Then they finished their meal, and I heard them coming again. The moon was shining brightly on the snow now, and after a few minutes I saw them running among the trees once more. They came nearer again, and then I shot another of them, and the others stopped once more to eat it."
"The same thing happened again and again, and my horses became more and more tired and ran slower and slower until, after about two hours, only one wolf was still alive and following us."
"Wasn't it too fat to run?" one of his friends asked.
The question is: According to what Jack said, the last wolf   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:was the strongest of all
B:ran much faster than the other wolves
C:had eaten all the other wolves
D:was very fat and didn't run fast enoughAstronauts, people who fly into space, need special training. First they go to Houston, Texas. That is the home of the Johnson Space Centre. There they are tested to see how strong and smart they are.
One of the first tests is for the heart. The people walk or run, then the space doctors see how fast their hearts are beating.
Another important test is performed. In this test the person must curl his body up in a ball. When he is in that position, he is put into a round cloth bag. The doctors give him no idea how long he will have to stay in the bag. If a spaceship broke down in space, the astronauts would get into bags like this. Then they would have to wait and curl up in darkness, until help could arrive. You can see that an astronaut must not be afraid of tight space or darkness.
After the tests, only the best people are chosen to start astronaut training in a training centre. The astronauts in training learn many other things. They learn how to jump out of a moving airplane. They learn to how to blow up a lifeboat and get into it while they are in the ocean. The astronauts also have to learn how to get lifted out of the ocean by helicopter . That may look fun, but it can be dangerous.
After they finish training, the astronauts continue to work. They stay in good shape by running and doing exercise. They read about their special jobs. In that way they can learn new facts about space travel.
Then the big day comes. The astronaut is told to go to work on a flight into space. The crew members get to know each other first. Then they can learn which job each will do.
The question is: The astronauts don't learn how to   _   in the training centre.
The possible answers are:
A:walk or run in space
B:jump out of the moving plane
C:blow up a lifeboat
D:get lifted out of water by helicopterMary likes English very much. She works hard. She reads English every morning. She likes speaking English. She often listens to the radio. She watches TV only on Saturday evening. Does she like dancing? No, she doesn't. But she likes drawing and singing. Her parents like her very much. And all the teachers and her friends like her, too.
The question is: In the morning Mary  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:writes English
B:reads English
C:draws
D:singsBoys and girls, here I will tell you something about my first trip to the USA.
When I get to Kennedy Airport, I begin my visit to the USA. First, I go to Roy Senior high School. I'm happy on the first night in America because I live with a kind family, the Edwards. It's a big family. They are very friendly to me. They help me do many things. When I want to write to my friends, they buy _ for me; when I lose my camera, they help me buy a new one.
After some days, I go to another school in New Haven. I live in the Palumbos' house. There are three people in the family. I'm surprised that the parents are from two countries.
It is a nice trip and I'm happy to be with the two families. They will be my friends for ever .
The question is: Why is the writer surprised when he gets to the Palumbos' house?
The possible answers are:
A:Because there are only three people in the family.
B:Because the family are not very helpful to him.
C:Because the parents of the family are from two countries.
D:Because the family is too big.Helen's eyes are not very good, so she wears glasses. But she doesn't wear glasses when she is with her friend, Jim. When Jim comes to her house to take her out, she will take her glasses off, and when she gets back, she puts on the glasses.
One day her mother asks her, "Helen, why don't you wear glasses when you are with Jim? He takes you to many lovely places in his car, but you can't see anything. " Helen says, "I look more lovely to Jim when I'm not wearing my glasses and he looks better to me, too. "
The question is: Which sentence is right?
The possible answers are:
A:Helen doesn't like Jim.
B:Helen wants to look more lovely.
C:Jim doesn't like glasses.
D:Helen's mother knows Helen very much.Miss Smith is only twenty. She is of medium build, and she has brown, curly hair. She likes children and her teaching work. From Monday to Friday she stays at school and teaches the children. She has a lot of work to do every day, but she often plays games with her students after school. The children like her a lot. On Sundays she usually drives her car to her parents' house and stays with her parents, but sometimes she goes to see her friends on Sunday. She drives back to school on Monday morning. She likes singing, dancing and swimming. She is a good teacher.
The question is: Miss Smith goes to see her friends  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:every day
B:on Sunday
C:on Saturday
D:on Friday.Dear Sir or Madam.
Last Thursday. I traveled on the 8:00 a.m. train from Glasgow to London King's Cross and I was quite angry with the service of your company.
The train didn't come on time and it was forty minutes late when it left Glasgow. A man at the station said sorry to us, but he didn't give us any reasons for the delay . We then had further delays on the way and had to wait another thirty minutes. As a result, I missed my plane from London to Frankfurt and had to wait for several hours.
What's more, the service on the train was also very poor. The trip took more than five hours. Unluckily. we could buy nothing but some soft drinks on the train. Worst of all, something was wrong with the air conditioning   and it got hotter and hotter in the train. Before we reached King's Cross, the temperature was over 40degC.
Because of your poor service. I feel you should pay me compensation .
I am looking forward to hearing from you.
Yours faithfully,
David Roberson
The question is: How long did David stay on the train?
The possible answers are:
A:40 minutes.
B:30 minutes.
C:70 minutes.
D:Over 5 hours.Henry is a naughty boy in Bayern, Germany. He has big eyes and a small mouth. One day, Henry is playing in front of a house. A woman comes up. She has small eyes. And she asks Henry, "Little boy, is your mother at home?"
"Yes, she is." answers the boy. And Henry goes on playing happily.
Then the woman goes over to ring the bell. The bell rings and rings, but no one comes to open the door. The woman gets angry and calls out to him, " You tell me your mother is at home, don't you?"
"Yes," the boy answers. "My mother is at home, but this isn't my home."
Then the woman stares at   Henry. The boy says, "You have big eyes, too!"
The question is: The woman wants to see   _   .
The possible answers are:
A:Henry himself
B:Henry's father
C:Nobody
D:Henry's motherThere is a new shopping mall  near my school. It is very big. There are five floors  of shops and each floor is very big. There are lots of clothes shops, but only one sports shop. There are lots of restaurants  on the top  floor, you can eat different kinds of food from different countries . I like going to see a movie. The mall is a really good place to go. It is a good place to meet friends.
The question is: Where is the new shopping mall?
The possible answers are:
A:behind the school
B:near my home
C:near my school
D:behind my homeShopping is not as simple as you may think! Much has to be done for the producers before putting the products on the shelf.
Color, for example, changes a lot according to what the producers are trying to sell. Health foods are packed in greens, yellows or browns because we think of these as healthy colors.
When some kind of medicine was brought out recently, researchers found that the color of the package  caused the shoppers to lose interest because they made the product look ineffective . At last, it came on the market in dark blue and white--blue because we think of it as safe, and white as calm.
The size of a package can also attract  a shopper, although quite often a bottle doesn't hold as much as it seems to.
It is said that the better-known companies spend about 40 percent of the cost of the product itself on packaging!
The most successful producers know that it's not enough to have a good product. The head of Pears Soap, who for 25 years has used pretty little girls to sell their goods, came to the conclusion: "Any fool can make soap, but it takes a talent to sell it."
The question is: The passage is mainly about   _  on shopping.
The possible answers are:
A:advantages of products
B:the importance of packaging
C:choices of products
D:the cost of packagingDear Fang,
How are you these days? I have been in England for two months. It's not a long time for a newcomer, and there are still a lot of things to do. Sorry for not being able to write to you soon.
London is an old but beautiful city. There are lots of places of interest to visit. Last weekend I went along Thames River with some friends from Japan, Korea and some other countries. The modern skyscrapers  among the old buildings impressed(...) us deeply. The classes started two weeks after I arrived here alone. Besides the language, I'm trying to learn about the culture as well. British people are quite different from the Chinese. Do you know the people here do not shake hands as much as we do in China? And it's never a good habit to make noise when you eat. They think it's impolite.
There is so much to say, but I have to stop.
I will write to you soon again.
Love,
Harry
The question is: Two months ago Harry came to London   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:with Fang
B:with his friends
C:with his parents
D:aloneRita stepped into the cool, moving water. She pushed a black inner tube  in front of her. She had a worried look on her face because she had never floated down a river before.
"Let me hold your tube while you climb on," said her father. He smiled at her. "There's not a cloud in the sky. It's a great day to be in the river, isn't it?"
Rita looked out across the water. People were floating by on tubes. Some talked and laughed as they floated easily down the river. Others leaned  back with hats pulled over their faces. None of them looked terrified.
"We'll stay together," said Rita's father. "I'll hold on to your rope ."
"Will we go very fast?" Rita asked.
"No," said Dad. "We'll move slowly for a while, and then it will get a little faster near the river's bend . Don't worry, Rita. You'll be fine."
Rita looked at her tube. It gently  moved up and down in the water. She saw a girl of her own age float by. The girl seemed to be having fun. Suddenly Rita's worries disappeared .
"I'm ready to climb on and ride, Dad," she said.
The question is: What's the best title for this passage?
The possible answers are:
A:Rita's Ride.
B:Rita's Trip.
C:Rita's Visit.
D:Rita's Tube.We are learning English, but how can we learn English well? A student can know a lot about English, but maybe he can't speak English.
If you want to know how to swim, you must get into the river. And if you want to be a football player, you must play football. So, you see, you can learn by using it. You must listen to your teacher carefully in class. You must speak English to your classmates every day and also you must write something in English. Then one day you may find your English is very good.
The question is: If you want to be a football player, please  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:buy a football
B:play football
C:have some lessons
D:read some booksMr. Green has a small garden in front of his house. There are lots of flowers in it. But he has only a few trees.
His neighbor Mr. Black has a garden, too. Mr. Black's garden is smaller than Mr. Green 's garden. He has fewer flowers than Mr Green but more trees.
Mr. Brown is Mr. Green's another neighbour. Mr. Brown's garden is the smallest one of the three. He has the fewest flowers of them all, but the weeds in his garden are the tallest. There is always a lot of work to do in his garden, but Mr. Brown doesn't have enough time to work in his garden, so his garden is the worst.
The question is: There are a lot of weeds in Mr. Brown's Garden because   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:the garden is too small
B:Mr. Brown doesn't like flowers
C:Mr. Brown is too busy to work in his garden
D:there us always a lot of work in itBeijing, Shanghai, Guangzhou and other big cities are exciting places to live. There are many interesting things to see and to do. You can go to different kinds of museums, plays and movies. You can also go to supermarkets to buy things from all over the world. But there are serious problems in big cities, too. The cost of living is high, and there are too many people in some big cities. Every year many people move to the cities because there are more chances to find jobs, to study at good schools, and to receive good medical care. But sometimes these people cannot find work or a good place to live. Also, too many people in a small space make it hard to keep the cities safe and clean.
Some people enjoy living in big cities. Others do not. Before people move to big cities, they should think about the problems of living there.
The question is: Which is NOT mentioned in the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:Beijing, Shanghai and Guangzhou are all big cities.
B:Some people enjoy living in big cities.
C:People have more chances to find jobs in big cities.
D:Big cities are not as good as small cities.The popular Disneyland has some deep, dark, and sometimes amusing secrets that you probably don't know. Read on to learn them.
General Main Street
By using a special method of construction , Disneyland created an effect that you don't notice until your tired family leaves the park. The next time you enter Disneyland, make note of the distance that it appears you have to travel to get to the "Partners" statue. Then look at the exit of the park from the statue. That's correct. The distance appears to be shorter entering the park than going out. The purpose was to keep guests from wanting to take the long walk out.
Birthday fun
If you visit Disneyland on your birthday, be sure to tell the person at the gate that it's your big day. You'll be sent to City Hall where you'll be presented with a special sticker by cast members, letting everyone know it's your birthday. You may also be able to score special items from other cast members throughout the park, so it's certainly worth a try!
The music never stops.
Visitors like the music and sounds in the park.. Did you know the music never stops at the park? Even when the park was closed, the music and sounds are kept on going. Some believe it cost too much for Disney to keep turning off the music and then restarting it each day. But the truth is that it helps some workers clean up after 2 a.m!
Club 33
"Club 33" is the only place in Disneyland that provides guests with alcoholic beverages . Club 33 members and their guests get free entrance to Disneyland so long as they have a meal at Club 33 on the day of their visit.
The question is: The music never stops at the park because   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:visitors like the music and the sounds very much
B:it's difficult to shut off the music and the sounds
C:Disneyland has to pay a lot to restart the music every day
D:it may keep some late night workers awake and full of energy.The moon looks bigger than stars at night. But in fact, it is smaller than any stars. The moon looks big to us, because it is closer to us than the stars. The moon goes round the earth. It makes one trip about four weeks. The moon is round and looks beautiful. Now people know quite a lot about the moon. There is no air or water on the moon, so there are not any trees or animals or people on it. The moon gets its light from the sun, but some places on the moon are quite dark. It's very cold at night.
The question is: The moon is  _  to the earth than the sun.
The possible answers are:
A:farther
B:far
C:near
D:closerEveryone worries. But how do you deal with your worries? Whether your worries are big or small, you can take these three steps to deal with your worries:
1. Try to find out what you're worried about
Sometimes, you will know what you're worried about. Other times, you might not. Try to find it out first; if you can't, you can ask for help.
2. Think of ways to make it better
There is always something you can do to help you feel less worried. Sitting there worrying is no fun and it won't solve your problem.
Grades at school are often top worries for kids. If you're worried about grades, ask yourself these questions:
 Why are grades important? What do grades mean to me?
How do I get ready for class? Do I
my notes even when there isn't a test?
 Do I have a good place to do my homework?
 Have I tried different ways of studying?
If your worry is about a fight you had, you might write down all the things you could do: write a note to him or her, invite him or her to a basketball game, say sorry to him or her, etc. Once you have a list of things you could do, you can choose the one that gets your friend back.
3. Ask for help
When you're worried, it can help to find someone to talk to. You can ask your parents, friends, or teachers for help.
,. (5)
The question is: What is the passage mainly about?
The possible answers are:
A:who is often worried
B:when people are worried
C:how to deal with our worries
D:what kind of worries people haveYears ago, I went to a special English class because it was the only school subject that I wasn't good at. I got excellent marks because of my fine memory  . I could read and translate any text that I heard once but I couldn't make my own   sentences. My face usually turned red when my teacher wanted me to answer questions in English. A few months later, I had to pass an exam. I couldn't _ the novel with my own words, so I decided to learn the book by heart. I told my teacher 10 pages of the book. When the teacher understood what was happening, she stopped me and said, "Gagik, you have a fine memory, but it's much easier to speak English."
That day on my way home, I met a foreigner. He couldn't find the way to his hotel. To my surprise, I spoke to him in English and helped him find his hotel. I found speaking English was not so difficult if I didn't think too much about making mistakes. I thought that was the secret of learning to speak English. How happy I was!
The question is: The writer felt happy that day because   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:he told his teacher 10 pages of the book
B:he made friends with a foreigner
C:he found the secret of learning to speak English
D:he helped the foreigner find his hotelLanguages are always changing.As time goes by,some new words are created and becoming more and more popular.Search on Baidu,and you can find some hot net words in China today.
"Tuhao",a Chinese word,which originally meant a rich and powerful person or family in a certain town or area,nowadays,has become a general term used by people to describe those who look really rich,and especially those who live beyond their means.
The term"dama"is almost the same as"big mama'in Chinese.referring to those middle-aged Chinese women who crazily bought gold in jewelry shops in HK.
"Wo huodai"is short for a sentence meaning"My little friends and I are shocked."Its actual roots lie in an article written by a pupil.The school student said his little friends and he were shocked after finding out where the Chinese rice dumpling originated from.Since then,the sentence is often used to describe people's shock after discovering a new or hot fact.
"Male woman"refers to a boyish girl or a woman with strong body or strong mind.In August 2013,one Russian beauty's photos got great popularity online.The woman has a very pretty face and an extremely strong body.
"Buming jueli",a Chinese term,is short for a sentence which means "I don't quite get it,but I think you are really _ ."Suppose Stephen Hawking gave us a speech on the origin of the  universe.although I didn't understand it,I still felt it was wonderful.
This four-word Chinese term"Leijue buai"is short for an expression meaning "being too tired to love."The year 2013 saw many period dramas appear on Chinese TV screens and some of them were very long.People loved them at the beginning,but then became too confused and tired to keep up with.This term described viewers'feelings towards those TV shows.The term  also refers to one's fading love for another.
"Renjian buchai''stands for the phrase"Life is so hard.Don't hurt me with the truth."This sentence originally comes from Taiwan singer Lin Youjia's song"Lei."Now it is used to describe that one can not face a hard truth.
The question is: Miss Zhang is a pretty woman,but she can do lots of things usually for men,we can call her a   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:dama
B:tuhao
C:female man
D:male womanMost people go to school or go to work by car or by bus. They think it's convenient . But I usually ride a bike to go to school. Here are some reasons :
It's healthy. Riding a bike is good exercise for us. It makes us feel good.
It's green. Riding a bike is green. It causes  very _ , so if more people ride bikes, the open air will be cleaner.
It's cheap. After spending  60 yuan on an old bike, you can ride and go to interesting places.
It's interesting. It's very interesting to ride a bike if you want to have a trip  with friends. You can stop if you like to see the beautiful things. You can also talk and sing happily and feel relaxed .
The question is: What's the best title  for the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:Cheap bikes
B:Different jobs
C:Reasons for riding bikes
D:How to ride bikesAccording to a new survey, students` safety has become a big problem. Nearly 50% of students say they are worried about robbery  on the way to and from school. Now in main big cities in China some schools have taught an unusual lesson: self-protection. Students like this lesson because there are no exams or boring classes. And they can learn how to save lives and know how to stop danger before it really happens.
Chen Haoyu, a teacher at BeijingNo.25 Middle School, gibes young students advice on how to deal with danger.
If you are in a traffic accident: If a car hits you, you should remember the car number. If it is a bike, try to call your parents before you let the rider go. This is because you don`t know how seriously you are hurt.
If it is raining hard and there is lightning:Don`t stay in high places and stay away from trees.
When there is a fire :Get away as fast as you can .Put wet things on your body and try to find an exit. Do not take the lift.
If someone is drowning: If you can`t swim ,don`t get into the water. Cry out for help.
Remember that danger is never as far away as you think. Take care of yourself at all times!
,,
The question is: There are   _  ways of self-protection mentioned in the passage.
The possible answers are:
A:3
B:4
C:5
D:6Cows that are named and treated with a "more personal touch" can increase milk production by up to 500 pints a year.
The study, by the university's School of Agriculture, Food and Rural Development, involved  516 farmers across the UK.
The study found farmers who named their cows got a 54% higher production than those that did not give their cows names. Dairy farmer Dennis Gibb said he believed treating every cow as an individual  was very important.
"They aren't just our means of making money. They're part of the family," he said. "We love our cows here and every one of them has a name. All of us regard them as 'our ladies' but we know every one of them and each one has her own personality."
Dr Catherine Douglas said, "What our study shows is what many good, caring farmers have long since believed. Our data suggests that UK dairy farmers regard their cows as intelligent beings . They are able to experience a range of emotions ."
"Placing more importance on knowing the individual animals and calling them by name can, at no extra cost to the farmer, also increase milk production."
,.
The question is: How much milk can a named cow produce in a year?
The possible answers are:
A:300 pounds.
B:500 pounds.
C:500 pints.
D:600 pints.Peter is thirteen years old. He is in Grade Two this year. He likes playing football and watching football matches. And he often reads newspaper. He does his best to know where and when there is going to be a football match. Now Peter is having lunch. He is listening to the radio, too. He is very happy because there is going to be a nice football match on TV at four this afternoon.
He wants to watch it very much. But he is going to have English and Chinese lessons. He thinks hard and finds a way.
"Hello, Mrs. Black," Peter says to his teacher on the telephone. " Peter is ill in bed. He wants to ask for half a day's leave   ."
"Oh, I'm sorry to hear that," says Mrs. Black, "But who's that? "
"It's my father, Mr. Black."
The question is: Peter is a  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:middle school student
B:Young Pioneer
C:worker
D:teacherToday is Saturday. It's sunny and warm. Many children from No. 1 Middle School are at the Old People's Home. Now, they're helping the old people.
Look! Li Min and Zhan Ran are cleaning the windows. Ma Lan and Liu Qian are washing clothes.
What's Li Na doing over there? Many old people are clapping their hands for her. Oh,  she's singing for them. Her song is really beautiful. And where's the American boy, Tom? He likes helping others and he often comes here. Listen! Who's speaking English? It's Tom. He's teaching two old people to speak English.
All the children and the old people are very happy. "We are happy when we help others, " says Tom.
The question is: How's the weather today?
The possible answers are:
A:It's snowy.
B:It's windy.
C:It's Saturday.
D:It's sunny and warm.While you are in trouble, what are you going to do? What? Cry? Or escape? Those are all the wrong way! Robinson Crusoe can tell you the right answer!
It is an exciting story: Robinson Crusoe hated the comfortable life in his home town. So, he want to be a seaman and travelled around the world. But one day, a terrible thing happened. A great storm came and their boat crashed! No one was alive in this accident except Robinson. He was the luckiest man in the world--Because all his friends were dead but he was alive. However, at the same time he was the most _ man of all--He must face the fact .Alone on an island without food, water or gun!But, all roads lead to Rome!He just used his hands to work hard!Then, he made a cave, built a house, grew corn and kept goats. In the end, he could enjoy the life on the island. In his twenty-fourth year on the island, he saved a wild man, and gave him the name of "Friday". With Robinson's teaching, "Friday" became a good servant. Friday, they got a boat and escaped from the island.
Surely, the writer of Robinson Crusoe is really a hero! It's too hard to describe Robinson with words. We could say that Robinson was very clever, and also he was brave,...Certainly, too many good words can describe him. But now, I think it isn't important. However, the most important thing is what we have learned from the story. That is, use our own hands to work hard with confidence!
The question is: Robinson wanted to be a sailor because  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:sailor was an interesting job
B:he could earn more money to be a sailor
C:he wanted to have an adventure experience
D:he didn't like the quiet life in his home townOne thing that British and Chinese cultures share is a love for fine tea. Today, when we think of Western tea culture, we often think of the English and beautiful china tea cups.
Afternoon tea
People believe that an English lady, Anna, first introduced the idea of afternoon tea. In the 18th and 19th centuries, the English ate only two main meals each day: breakfast and a heavy supper that would last for several hours in the evening. As a result, people often got very hungry during the long wait between these two meals. To solve this problem, Anna came up with the clever idea of inviting some friends to join her for an afternoon meal between four and five o'clock. This meal included cakes and sandwiches. And tea was served  to wash down the food. In order to make this afternoon meal important, fine china cups and plates and silver teapots, knives, forks and spoons were used. Soon, afternoon tea parties became popular social occasions. Today, afternoon tea parties continue to play an important part in the social life in modern Britain.
Will you come for coffee?
Coffee also has an important role in British culture. People often use the words "Will you come for coffee" to mean "Would you like to come to my home for a chat?" Normally, several different drinks such as tea, hot chocolate or a soft drink like orange juice will be served as well as coffee, and you will be asked what you would like. However, you will not normally be offered wine at a "coffee" party.
Coffeehouses and the London Stock Exchange
In the 17th century London, coffeehouses were busy and noisy places. Businessmen and bankers went to coffeehouses to do their business, as well as to drink coffee. In fact, the London Stock Exchange  is believed to have started from these coffeehouses.
The question is: If someone says to you "Will you come for coffee," you   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:will be offered coffee only
B:are asked what you would like to drink
C:will be asked to have a chat with him or her
D:you are invited to take part in an afternoon tea partyThe King lived a small house near New York with their child . Sometimes Mr King came back from work very late. When his wife and the child were asleep, he opened the front door of his house with his key and came in very quietly.
But one night when he was coming home late, he lost his key. So when he reached his house , he rang the bell. Nothing happened. He rang it again. Again nothing happened. Nobody moved inside the house. Mr King knocked at the bedroom window. He spoke to his wife, he shouted, but she didn't wake up. At last he stopped and thought for a minute. Then he began to speak like a small child. "Mum," he said, "I want to go to the toilet." He spoke quietly, but at once Mrs King woke up. Then he spoke to her, and she opened the door for him.
The question is: Mrs King woke up because  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:she heard the sound of the bell
B:she heard Mr King's voice
C:she heard a knock at the door
D:she heard the voice "mum" like her child'sEach country has many kind people who volunteer to take care of others. For example, some high school and university students in the US often spend many hours as volunteers in hospital or old people's homes. They read books for the people or they just visit them and play games with them or listen to their problems.
Other young volunteers go and work in the homes of the sick people. They clean up their houses or do the shopping. For boys who don't have fathers there is an organization called "Big Brothers". University students and other people take these boys to play baseball games and help them get to know things that boys usually learn from their fathers.
Each city has a lot of clubs where boys and girls can go to play games or take part in other activities. Some of these clubs show movies or have short trips to the mountains, the beaches or the museums. Most of these clubs use a lot of high school and university students as volunteers because they can understand the problems of these boys and girls more easily.
Volunteers believe that some of the happiest people in the world are those who help to bring happiness to others.
The question is: What do volunteers believe ?
The possible answers are:
A:The happiest people in the world are those who join some clubs.
B:Bringing happiness to others make them the happiest people in the world.
C:The happiest people in the world are those who make themselves happy.
D:The happiest people in the world are those who are young and healthy.Do your parents ever say, "act like a lady" or "be a gentleman" to you? But in the eyes of today's teenagers , what should a lady or a gentleman be like? Let's take a look.
What is a gentleman? The girls have their ideas:
Huang Xiaoyu of Guizhou: A gentleman doesn't always get angry . He wants others to be well and happy. He is always ready to help. There is a boy in my class and I think he is a gentleman. If I don't do well in the English exam, he will say, "You will do better next time." That makes me feel happy.
Chen Tingting of Shenzhen: A gentleman always says, "Ladies first" When students clean up the classroom, he does the heavy work. He lets girls go into rooms first. There are no gentlemen in my class. When there is something to eat, the boys in my class always get them before girls!
What is a lady? Boys tell us what they think a lady is:
Wu Yifan of Dalian: A lady is quiet and kind, but she's not shy  and she can talk about her ideas in front of others. To me, Dong Jie, a film star, is a lady. She is pretty and kind. She does a lot for others.
Wang Lichao of Tianjin: A lady is not just beautiful but clever. She never says bad words. She is quiet and kind to others. I don't think there is a lady in my class. Most of the girls are "
", I think.
The question is: Why does Wu Yifan think Dong Jie is a lady?
The possible answers are:
A:Because she is quiet.
B:Because she likes expressing   herself
C:Because she is pretty and kind.
D:Because she is very shy.People in different places eat different things.
In South China people like to eat rice. Sometimes they eat it twice or three times a day. They usually eat it with fish, meat and vegetables. It tastes very delicious.
Japanese like to eat rice, too. They also eat a lot of fish. Sometimes they eat raw   fish.It sounds strange but smells very fresh.
In western countries like Britain, Australia and the USA, the most important food is bread or potatoes. People usually make their bread at home. And they cook potatoes in different ways. In England the most popular food is fish and chips. Sometimes people eat this food at home, in their workplace, in the park or even on the street. People call it "takeaway" food.
In China today,there are also much"takeaway"food,and most children like to eat them.
The question is: The passage mainly talks about   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:food
B:animals
C:vegetables
D:fruitIt's something familiar to all parents of young children: you're in a busy shopping street and your child wants to pee   and he just can't hold it any longer. But two parents' decision to let their child relieve   himself has caused much attention in China.
By now, it seems, the whole Chinese Internet is familiar with what happened on a crowded Hong Kong shopping street. A mother holds a nappy   while her two-year-old pees. A passerby took pictures which then were put online. The woman explained that they had found a public toilet   but saw there was a long queue, so she had no other choice but to let their child to relieve himself on the street instead.
Why has this one child's act caused so much upset? Allowing a child under 12 to " _ in any public street" is against the law in Hong Kong and the parents will face a 2,000 Hong Kong Dollar ($250) fine  . But the on-line chatter has put all the attention on the fact that this family were tourists from mainland China, rather than being locals. "For Hong Kongers, people might think from time to time that mainlanders are not so polite and often break the public rules," says Martin Yip of BBC. Charmaine Chui, who was born in Hong Kong, told BBC she feels angry to have seen mainland tourists peeing in shopping centers and restaurants. "Hong Kong is a beautiful, modern city. What do these people think of it?" she says.
In mainland China, there has also been criticism of the parents' behavior. But most of the people say they find the parents' behavior understandable as they had tried to find a toilet for their child and the mother used a paper nappy rather than simply allowing the baby to pee on the ground.
The question is: Which of the following statements is TRUE according to the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:A policeman took photos of the 2-year-old child and put them online.
B:It's OK for children under 12 to pee wherever they like in Hong Kong.
C:All the Chinese feel very angry about the parents' behavior.
D:In mainland China, most of the people find the parents' behavior understandable.Teenagers can't afford to buy expensive gifts. So what do you do if you want to givegifts to the important people in your life? In fact, you don't have to spend much money onholiday gifts. There are many cheap ways to do that.
Here are some make-it-yourself gifts ideas to try:
To your mom and dad:
You can clean the room, sing a song or write a letter to your mom and dad. Youcould also draw a picture if you like that.
To your teachers:
Sometimes students put their pocket money together and buy a teacher a holidaygift. Some kids would like to give their own gifts. You can send a nice card with the wordsof thanks inside. You might even write down the favorite things you've learned in theteacher's class this year. It will make the teacher feel happy.
To the kids who need a friend:
The holidays are a good time to think about people who are lonely. Maybe there issomeone in your class who doesn't seem to have any friends. Try to do something for thisperson. It could be giving a Christmas card or just chatting with him or her. It's a smallthing, but it could mean a lot to him or her.
The question is: According to the passage, teenagers don't have to   _   their parents as a gift.
The possible answers are:
A:sing a song to
B:draw a picture for
C:write a letter to
D:buy an expensive gift forDo you like to play outside? Do you like to run? Do you like to play with a ball? You can do all of these things if you play soccer.
Soccer players cannot throw and catch the ball. They cannot touch the ball with their hands. Soccer players can only kick the ball.
Soccer is played with two teams. There is a goal  for each team. Players on one team want to kick the ball into one goal. Players on the other team want to kick the ball into the other goal. Players score when the ball goes into the other team's goal. They make one point.
Lots of people play soccer. You can be young or old, big or small. Soccer is easy to play. All you need is a ball and a place to play. Then find enough players to make two teams.
The question is: What can soccer players do?
The possible answers are:
A:Throw the ball.
B:Catch the ball.
C:Touch the ball with their hands.
D:Kick the ball.Fish and chips, and Chinese take-away food are very popular in England. But they are _ in the USA. In the USA, they eat take-away food, too, like chicken. But the most popular kind of take-away food is the hamburger. It looks like bread with meat in it. Ham is a kind of pork---- but the hamburger does not have any pork in it. It has beef in it. The beef is inside a kind of cake. Hamburgers are delicious. They are very popular in the USA. They are also popular in England and Australia.
The question is: What does  _  mean?
The possible answers are:
A:People like them very much
B:They are very nice
C:People don't like them
D:They are very popular.Tanzania is a country which has a lot of animals, such as gnus , lions, cheetahs(, elephants, giraffes, crocodiles and so on. Every year, many people in the world travel to this African country to watch the animals closely. But do you know how they travel?
By bus--This is the most common way. When people get on a bus, they'll find that the bus is a little strange. It is different from the buses we often see. There are no big windows at all, but some small windows. And it looks like a cage. What are they used for? Oh, people can use it to watch animals, especially those dangerous animals, and take photos. We know that people are most interested in the lions. So when two buses meet , the drivers will stop and ask each other whether they have found lions.
By boat--We can often see many people are in a boat, enjoying the beautiful scene along a river of a lake, and they can also enjoy hippos and crocodiles from a nearer distance.
By hot balloon --In the early morning, when the sun is beginning to rise, a large hot balloon is also starting its journey. Taking a hot balloon makes most of the travelers excited. After some time, the balloon will land in a certain place, and the waiters will serve people a delicious and special breakfast. But the cost of taking a hot balloon is also very high. A person should pay 400 dollars for an hour's trip.
The question is: Which is the most common way of traveling in Tanzania?
The possible answers are:
A:By bus
B:By plane
C:By boat
D:By hot balloonDo your parents ever say "do it like a lady" or "be a gentleman" to you? But in the eyes of today's students, what should a lady or a gentleman be like? Let's take a look.
What is a gentleman? _ ?
 _ : A gentleman doesn't always get angry . He wants others to be well and happy. He's always ready to help others. There is a boy in my class I think he is a gentleman. If I don't do well in the English exam, he will say "You will do better next time". That makes me feel happy.
 _ : A gentleman always says, "Ladies first". When students clean the classroom, he always does heavy work. He lets girls go into rooms first. There are no gentlemen in my class. When there is something to eat, the boys in my class always get them before girls!
What is a lady? Boys tell us what they think a lady is:
 _ : A lady is kind and quiet  ,but she's not shy   and she can talk about her ideas in front of others. To me, Dong Jie, a film star, is a lady. She is pretty and kind. She does a lot for others.
 _ : A lady is not just beautiful but clever. She never says bad words. She is quiet and kind to others. I don't think there is a lady in my class. Most of the girls are _ , I think.
The question is: This article tells us  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:how to be a lady/gentleman as a student
B:Which school has the most ladies/gentlemen
C:Where a lady/gentleman usually goes at school
D:What students think a lady/gentleman should be likeMrs. White likes shopping. Today is Sunday. She wants to buy a new dress for herself. Now she is in a clothes store and has a look at a red one. She asks the salesgirl , "How much is it?"
"It's thirty dollars." the salesgirl answers.
"Can I _ , please?" she asks.
"Yes, you can. The dressing room is over there. This way, please." the salesgirl says.
After Mrs White comes out of the dressing room, the salesgirl says to her, "You look ten years younger  in this red dress."
Hearing  that, Mrs. White says, "I will not take the dress, because I don't want to look ten years older  after I take off  the dress."
The question is: How much is the dress?
The possible answers are:
A:40 dollars.
B:15 dollars.
C:50 dollars.
D:30 dollars.The food in White Rose Restaurant was cheap and good, but nobody seemed to want to eat there. There were very few people going to eat there. The owner was very worried about it.
Then he thought of a good idea. A few weeks later, his restaurant was always full of men and their girlfriends.  Whenever a gentleman came with a lady, a kind waiter would give each of them a beautiful menu. The menus looked exactly the same on the outside, but there was an important difference inside. The menu that the waiter handed to the man gave the correct price for each dish and each bottle of wine, while the menu that he handed to the lady gave a much higher price! So when the man calmly ordered dish after dish and wine after wine, the lady thought he was much more generous than he really was! The man could make a good impression on the lady.
The question is: What might the lady think of her boyfriend after having a meal together at this restaurant?
The possible answers are:
A:She thought he wanted to impress her.
B:She thought he pretended to be rich.
C:She thought he was very generous.
D:She thought he was the owner of the restaurant.A plant  makes its own food in its leaves .Water comes to the leaves through the roots . Air gets into the leaves through very small holes  . The green coloring in the leaves uses the water and air to make the food for the plant . It also needs sunshine because a plant can make food only when the sun is shining.
Animals and people could not live without green plants . They both eat plants .People and some animals also eat the meat of some animals and these animals eat plants.
The question is: A plant can make its food when it is   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:cloudy
B:rainy
C:sunny
D:windySunny English Club
For students
16:00 - 18:00 Every Saturday
200 Yuan a month
9 Zhou Yu Street
Tel: 3785290
Foreign teachers, English songs and films and more!
Ocean Museum
9:00--17:00 From Thursday to Sunday
Ticket: 50 yuan
132 Xue Yuan Street
Tel: 5439871
Show you a full picture of sea lives!
Health Centre
9:00--17:30
16 Yong Le Street
Tel: 3801451
Free examinations for those over 70
Give you good advice to keep healthy!
,
The question is: Sunny English Club is for   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:nurses
B:policemen
C:businessmen
D:studentsExcept for a few times, Americans are not big present-givers. There's no exchange of presents among business people, and if one American tries to give another a present, it may look like that he wants to bribe   him. Americans have learned that in some other countries people like to give presents to others, but among ourselves we don't see the need for presents.
Even friends may never exchange presents. When I go to foreign countries, I try to bring back little things for _ but nobody would feel unhappy if I didn't. I don't often remember a friend's birthday, and few people outside of my family remember mine. If someone gave me presents too often, I'd get unpleasant. But a present from a foreigner - that kind from his or her homeland -- won't go wrong, except to government employees   who can't be given presents.
You usually open a present at once and in front of the person who gives it except Christmas and birthday presents. You should only say, "It's so nice. Thanks..." when you get Christmas or birthday presents.
You may want to bring a bottle of wine   or flowers to a dinner party, but you're
never asked to.  Nobody will mind if you bring wine, but your friend may not use it that evening.
At Christmas we often give presents to our family and sometimes our friends. We also give presents to people who have been helpful during the year- doormen, babysitters, housecleaners, newspaper senders-- anyone who has often helped us.
The question is: What does "close friends" mean in the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:The friends who are very kind.
B:The friends who live close to each other.
C:The friends who were once classmates.
D:The friends who you like most.Once a boy went to a palace to ask a wise man what the secret of happiness is. After talking with the boy, the wise man asked the boy to look around the palace and return in two hours. "And , I want to ask you to do something,"said the wise man ."As you look around, carry this spoon with you without making the oil spill  ."
The boy began walking up and down the stairs of the palace, and he kept his eyes on the spoon all the time. After two hours, he returned. "Well," asked the wise man, "what did you see in my palace?" The boy said that he had seen nothing.
"Then go back and enjoy my wonderful world," said the wise man. The boy picked up the spoon and began to look around the palace again. This time, he saw many beautiful things in the palace. When he returned, the wise man asked, "but where are the drops of oil I give you?" The boy saw that the oil was gone.
"There is only one piece of advice I can give you," said the wise man. "The secret of happiness is to see all wonders of the world and never to forget the drops of oil on the spoon."
,A, B, C, D,, .
The question is: Why did the boy see nothing for the first time to look around the wise man's palace?
The possible answers are:
A:Because he kept his eyes on the spoon all the time.
B:Because he was blind.
C:Because there was nothing in it.
D:Because the oil was gone.An old woman went out shopping last Tuesday. She came to a bank and saw a car near the door. A young man with dark glasses got out of it and went into the bank. She looked into the car and found some keys in it.
The man took a gun out of his pocket and said to the man in the bank, "Give me all the money." But the woman didn't see this. She went to the young man and put the keys in his hand, "My boy," she said, "Don't leave your keys in your car! Someone is going to steal  it."
The young man looked at the old woman for a few minutes. Then he took his keys, ran out of the bank, got into his car and drove away quickly without taking any money.
The question is: The young man went into the bank and tried to   _
The possible answers are:
A:rob the bank
B:steal some money
C:borrow some money
D:see his friendsI'm Ann. I'm English. I'm twelve. I was born on May 17 , 1991. I learn Chinese at Beijing No.3 Middle School. I have a good friend. Her name is Lucy. She is twelve, too. We are in the same   grade.  But we are not in the same class. I'm in Class Two, and she is in Class Three. We have the same Chinese teacher . Her name is Zhang Ying. We all like her. Lucy's parents are both English teachers in China. And she has a sister. Her name is Lily. She is only five years old.
The question is: Ann and Lucy are   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:classmates
B:sisters
C:brothers
D:friendsNowadays, the food that you buy comes from many different countries.Have a look in your fridge, cupboard, and fruit bowl and check the origins   of the food.Perhaps there are apples from California, lamb from New Zealand, or potatoes from Egypt? You will probably be surprised how far food travels to get to your plate.This journey, from "field to plate", is called "food miles". A food mile is the distance that food travels from the farmer's field to the person who buys the food.Nowadays, food often travels thousands of miles to get to the consumer  .Why is this, and what are the effects   of these long distances?
Traditionally, farmers sold their food in the local market so the food didn't have to travel very far.The consumers also did not travel very far, because they went to their local market to buy the food.This was a good system for farmers and consumers.However, there were some disadvantages.For example, consumers could only buy food that farmers produced locally.In addition, they could only get food that was in season.Now, because of modern technology, food comes from all over the world.We do not have to wait for spring or summer to buy strawberries or tomatoes.They are _ in winter if we want.
Some countries have to import  most of their food.This is because they have difficult climates.The United Arab Emirates(UAE), for example, gets 85% of its food from other countries.Even food made in the UAE often uses imported materials.
What's wrong with "food miles"? Is this not a good way of increasing international trade? I believe these miles are worrying for a number of reasons.First of all, because food travels such long distances.we need more planes, lorries, and ships to move the food.This means we use more oil or petrol, so there is more pollution and more global  warming.In addition, food that travels a long way is not fresh and usually not very tasty.Tomatoes, for example, are picked early and stored for their long journey.For this reason, they are usually tasteless when they get to the consumer.Local food has a better taste, and it also reduces the amount of global pollution.We need to buy more local food.
The question is: What is called "food miles" according to this passage?
The possible answers are:
A:The journey from field to plate.
B:The effects of long distances.
C:The origins of the food.
D:The disadvantages of imported food.Canada, the second largest country in the world, lies in the north of America. The population of Canada is about 29 million and the capital is Ottawa. The country covers about 9,980,000 square kilometers and six of the world's 24 time areas   as well.
There are two official languages spoken in Canada: French and English. Many people can speak both English and French. More than 60% of Canadians speak English as their language. About 25% of the Canadians speak French. In one province of Canada where French is the common language, the programmes on TV and radios as well as the teaching in schools are all in French. Today, Chinese has become the first inofficial  language in Canada.
Canada's climate is not as cold all year around as some may believe. In winter, temperatures fall below freezing point throughout most of Canada. In summer, the southern provinces often experience high levels of temperatures that can reach over 30degC regularly. The weather in Canada is just like the weather in China. It is rather cold in the north while it is fairly warm in the south. Winters in the north last long with snow for half a year. As the cold northern climate, only one-fifth of the land is suitable for farming.
As it is known to all, Canada has one-third of the world's supply of fresh water. It has many great lakes. There are five great lakes in the south. And there are many others, especially in the north. It is also rich in natural resources, such as coal, oil, natural gas of which Canadians make use to produce energy.
People of northern Canada are called Inuit  , who came from Asia and settled in Canada about 4,000 years ago. They used to travel around from place to place with teams of dogs which pulled their baggage. Now, they seldom move. There are about 2,500 Inuit in all. The government has started a new school project in which Inuit teach their own young children. So it is hoped that the way of Inuit life will be kept alive for more centuries.
The question is: Only   _   of the land is fit for farming because of the cold northern climate.
The possible answers are:
A:15%
B:20%
C:30%
D:50%Mr Smith teaches English in a university . He is often very busy with work. When it's summer or winter holidays, he goes out to take vacations to relax. Usually he goes to France because he thinks it's an interesting country. And he can speak French very well.
But last month he said to his wife , "I'm not visiting France this time. I want to go to a different country. I _ Japan. But I can hardly speak Japanese, so I'm going to study it for a month before I go."
He studied pretty hard for a month, and then his vacation started.
Ten days later, he came back. His wife asked him, "How about your short vacation in Japan? Did you have any trouble  with your Japanese there?"
"No, I didn't," answered Mr Smith. "But the Japanese did!"
The question is: Mr Smith goes out to   _   when it's summer or winter holidays.
The possible answers are:
A:have a rest
B:learn languages
C:look for interesting jobs
D:visit museumsMr. Green once worked in a big company.He was quite busy so that he couldn't do any reading.So he gave up   his job and opened a bookshop in the center of the town.It wasn't big but all the books were nice and most people liked to buy some there.When the shop was closed,he could read at home.He knew a lot and many learned people were glad to make friends with him.
It was Sunday and it was cold outside.Mr. Green was very busy.At nine in the evening all the buyers left,but a woman was still there.She was dressed up and seemed to be waiting for somebody there. Standing by the shelves,she looked over the books one after another,and made them in a terrible mess .Mr. Green came up to her and asked," Excuse me,madam.What can I do for you?"
"Your books are not interesting at all,"said the woman,"I want a delicious one."
"That's easy," Mr. Green smiled.He brought out a cookbook  and said,"Here you are,madam."
The question is: Most people liked to buy books in the shop because   _
The possible answers are:
A:the bookshop was in the center of the town
B:all the books were nice cookbooks
C:it was very large
D:the books there were all good for peopleMrs. Black was a poor old woman and she lived in a small village. Her husband died ten years ago. But she had a 24-year-old daughter. Her name was Alice. She worked in New York and lived there. It was far away from her mother's village, and she was not happy about this. One day Alice said to her mother, "I've found a good job in Boston, and I can make a lot of money there, so I will go to work in Boston next week. But don't worry, Mum. I'll send you some money every week. "
A month later, Mrs. Black was very angry. She decided to go to see her daughter in Boston on a train. When she saw her daughter, she said, "Alice, why do you never call me?"
Alice laughed, "But mother," she said, "you haven't got a telephone."
"No", she answered, "I haven't, but you have got one. "
The question is: A month later, Mrs. Black went to see her daughter in Boston   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:by air
B:by train
C:by bus
D:by seaHoney bees are a kind of animal most of us learn about very early. In summer, many people step on honey bees and get stung  while walking without wearing shoes.
Honey bees are normally about third fourths of an inch long. Most bees are workers, which are female, but some are male, called "drones ". Workers are a little smaller than drones.
Honey bees live in a nest, called a "hive". A hive can have up to 80,000 bees, mostly workers. It usually lies in a tree with a hole inside.
The hive is ruled  over by a queen bee. She is the largest bee in the hive, and she is the only female to mate. Males usually just hang around; their only purpose is to mate with the queen. Then they die. The workers do all of the work inside and outside of the hive. Their jobs include: caring for baby bees, cleaning up the hive, making honey...
Honey bees are usually very friendly, and they mind their own business. They are too busy to worry about people or other animals. If a person is hardworking, we can say he is as busy as a bee. Are you a bee?
The question is: What will happen if a male mates with the queen?
The possible answers are:
A:It will become a worker.
B:It will die soon.
C:It will hang around inside the hive.
D:It will have to leave the hive.Musicians wanted
We want four good musicians for our rock band. Are you a musician? Can you sing? Can you play the piano, the guitar or the drums? Do you want to be the best musician? If you want to join us, please send an e-mail. Our e-mail address is rockband2009@pep. corn.cn. Or you can call Mr. Liu at 790 -4566.
Teachers needed
Are you an art teacher? Can you paint( ) or draw well? Are you good with children? We need two teachers for our art club. Please find Mrs. Wang for more information   or call 628 -1183.
The question is: What should you do if you want to join the rock band?
The possible answers are:
A:Send an e-mail.
B:Find Mrs. Wang
C:Call 628 -1183.
D:Sing a song.Do you want to be healthy? Then you must eat well and get a lot of exercise. If you're healthy, your body works well and you also feel well. Here are some trips.
Eat more fruit and vegetables.
"One apple a day, keep the doctor away!"Fruit and vegetables have rich vitamins. They can help us to keep healthy. Remember to eat some fruit and vegetables every day.
Drink water and milk often.
When you are thirsty, water is the best choice. Try to limit soda drinks, such as Coca Cola, Sprite and Fanta. Milk is also very good for your body. Drink a cup of milk every day if possible.
Listen to your body.
You'd better notice how your body feels when you eat. That is to say you should stop eating when you're full. It can make you feel comfortable.
Limit screen time.
Don't spend too much time watching TV or DCDs, playing video games or using the computer. You should do some outdoor activities, such as playing basketball, going riding and swimming.
If you follow the tips, I'm sure you'll have a healthy body.
The question is: What are good for your body?
The possible answers are:
A:Coffee and Sprite.
B:Water and Sprite.
C:Coffee and milk.
D:Milk and water.With the beautiful music, the first lesson of the new term in 2014 began at 8:05 on the evening of September 1st, 2014. The program includes four parts: be nice to your parents, be polite to others, love others and be self-improved. It really makes a great difference to the students and the parents' ideas.
Family education plays an important role to the children. The "king" of fairy tales Zheng Yuanjie told us the story between his father, his son and him. His father helped him fill the pen in order to let Zheng focus on writing. His father set us a good example on how to be a nice father. Zheng is nice to his father, too. He bought a TV for his father and his son learnt from him. The moving story really touched my heart. It made me know how important it is to teach by precept and example role.
Joey Yung told us that how her mother taught her to be a polite girl. We should think about others when we do something we like. We need try to be popular people. She reminded us of good manners in our daily life.
Qin Yong, a famous rock star, gave up his career and put all his heart in educating his sick son. Though he felt too tired, he never quitted. It's his duty to bring his son up. When he found that his son made great progress, he felt very happy.
The orphans' life made us deeply moved. From their father, we know that if we encourage a person, he will have self-improvement.
From this program, we know that we should love the people around us. Then, our world will be better and better.
The question is: The program begins at   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:8:00 am
B:8:05 am
C:8:00 pm
D:8:05 pmYao Ming was born in China in 1980. In his last season with the Shanghai Sharks, he scored 32.4 points per game. Now the big man from China is helping the Houston Rockets in the NBA. He is the son of two great basketball players and learnt how to play basketball when he was young. Now, as one of the stars in the NBA, he is working hard to make his dream come true and show the world that Chinese basketball players love this game too!
Pele was a football player that everyone knew. He was born in Brazil in 1940. He started playing for Santos when he was only 16 and he didn't retire(v)until 1977. He played for Brazil 111 timesand he scored 97 internationalgoals. Pele came from a poor family. He started playing football in thestreet, like many people around the world do. He was soon picked to play for Santos and quickly became an international person.
Steffi Graf was born in Germany in 1969. She won the tennis semi-final(n)at Wimbledon in 1985 when she was only 16, but she lost the final to another great tennis player, Martina Navratilova. People were surprised by the strength and power of her game. She soon became a famous tennis player and she has won most of the main matches several times.
The question is: From the passage, we know that   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:Steffi Graf was bornin Wimbledon in 1985.
B:Steffi Graf won the tennis final when she was only 16.
C:Martina Navratilova was also a tennis player.
D:Steffi Graf has won few of the main matches since 1985.,A,B,C,D,. Luisa is from the USA. She lives in New York. She is twenty-one years old. She likes her teaching job. Now she is a teacher in Beijing. From Monday to Friday, she is very busy and gives classes every day. She likes her students a lot and often plays games with them in the afternoon. Her favorite sport is tennis. Sometimes she reads in the reading room  in the afternoon. On weekends, she often goes to see Beijing Opera . She thinks it is very interesting and fun. She collects  many pictures of Beijing Opera. Sometimes she goes to see her friends. She like singing, dancing and drawing.
She has a pen pal in China. The pen pal is a boy, he is from Shanghai. He likes sports and Beijing Opera. They talk about Beijing Opera in the letters. Luisa wants to go to Shanghai to see the pen pal one day.
The question is: On weekends, Luisa often   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:goes to movies
B:plays the piano
C:plays soccer
D:goes to see Beijing opera"ABC"and "Banana Persons"
You may know the English letters A, B and C. But do you know there are people called "ABC"? You may like eating bananas. But do you know there are people called "banana persons"? If you don't know, I will tell you. They are Chinese people like you and me, but they aren't in China.Why do people call them like that?
"ABC" means American-born Chinese. An "ABC" is a Chinese,
but was born in the United States. Sometimes, people also call them
"banana persons". A banana is yellow outside and white inside. So when
a person is a banana, he or she is white (American) inside and yellow (Chinese)
outside.
They are born in America and they live in America for a long time. Even
their nationality  is American. So they think like Americans and do things
like Americans. But they still have Chinese blood . Their parents, grandparents
or even great-grandparents were from China.They all have black eyes and black hair.
So they look like us Chinese people. For example, we all know the famous scientist
C.N.Yang. He is an "ABC" and he is a "banana person". We like him, although 
his nationality isn't Chinese.
The question is: What colour are their eyes and hair?
The possible answers are:
A:Their eyes and hair are black.
B:Their eyes and hair are yellow.
C:Their eyes and hair are white.
D:Their eyes and hair are black and yellow.The purpose of students who come to school is to study.But studying needs right ways,or we would waste the time or the money.The followings are ways for studying.
The best time for reading is morning.Because in the morning,the air is fresh and our minds are clear.For that reason,we can get good results.
When we study we must be patient.If we don't understand a text well,we must read it again.We should not read the next until we have learned the first one well.
When we are studying,we must put our hearts into the book.We cannot read absent-mindedly ,or we could get nothing from the book while we are reading.
We must always ask"why".If we can't understand well,write it down and ask our teachers or parents,brothers or friends,in some possible ways.We must know it completely and then our knowledge can be used well.
Though there are many ways for studying,however,the above mentioned will be helpful if we can keep them in heart.
The question is: Morning is the best time for reading because  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:we can be more patient
B:we can have a good time
C:the air is fresh and our minds are clear
D:we can relax ourselvesSome friends are playing hide-and-seek   at Mr. Green' home. They play in Mike's room. It's time for Lily to find her friends. Lily first finds Sally.Sally is behind the door. Then, Lily sees Bob. Bob is under the table. Mike is under the table, too. Now it's time to find David and John. David's hat is on the sofa. Is David under the sofa? No, he isn't.John's schoolbag is on the chair, but he isn't there."Where are they?"Lily thinks.Shh! Don't let her know. They are under the bed!
The question is: How many people are in the game ?
The possible answers are:
A:Six
B:Five
C:Seven
D:EightThese days,more and more young people wish to be more beautiful,So they turn to plastic surgery for help.They spend thousands of yuan on these painful surgeries to fix their nose,to change their eyelids or to take off weight from their stomachs.
In fact,most people are not pleased with the way they look.Even the most beautiful actresses
often wish they could change something about their looks.Should we live our whole lives believing we are ugly? Why can't we raise our head high and believe that we are as beautiful as others? A smile is beautiful on any face,whether fat,oily or hairy.And a kind heart is much more beautiful than a pretty look.
So,let's feel grateful that we all have beautiful and healthy bodies that do not need surgeries! Today,I call on you to make an easy change:hold your head high! smile and be kind to others.If you do these,you will be full of confidence ,beauty, and warmth everywhere you go.
The question is: How can we feel great about ourselves according to the writer?
The possible answers are:
A:Hold your head up.
B:Smile.
C:Be kind.
D:A, B and CWillam Shakespeare was a writer of plays and poems. Some of his most famous plays are Hamlet, Romeo and Juliet, Macbeth .He wrote thirty-seven plays in all. They are still popular today.
He was born in 1564 in England. At school he liked watching plays. He decided to be an actor when he finished school at the age of fourteen. In 1582, he married a farmer's daughter. She was eight years older than he was. Their first child was a daughter .Later they had twins. In1585, Shakespeare left his hometown, Stratford-upon-Avon. His wife and children stayed behind .No one knows why he left or what he did between 1585 and 1592.
At twenty-eight he moved to London and joined a theatre company which opened the Globe Theatre in 1599. He became an actor, and he also wrote plays. He usually acted in his own plays .He earned almost no money from his writing. But he made a lot of money from acting. With the money he bought a large house in his hometown.
At the age of forty-nine, Shakespeare retired   and went to live in Stratford-upon-Avon. He died at the age of fifty-two. He left his money to his family. He left his genius to the world. You still see his plays in English and in many other languages. He is one of the most famous writers in the world..
The question is: In 1585, Shakespeare left his hometown Stratford-upon-Avon   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:with his wife
B:with his daughter
C:with his wife and children
D:aloneA rich American went into a shop in London. He wanted very much to buy a nice looking watch, but the owner of the shop asked five hundred dollars for it. Suddenly a young man came into the shop, took the watch out of the owner's hands and ran out with it. It all happened in a few seconds. When the owner ran out into the street, the young man was already lost among the people.
The American went on. At the next corner, he saw the young man with the watch in his hand. "Do you want to buy a fine watch, sir?" he asked in a low voice. "It's only a hundred dollars." "The young man doesn't know I saw him stealing the watch," he thought. The American paid at once and went back to his room with the watch. He told his friend about the fine watch.
His friend took a look at the watch and started laughing. He said, "You are a fool. This watch isn't worth even ten dollars. I'm sure the shop owner and the young man planned this together."
The question is: Which of the following is true?
The possible answers are:
A:The young man liked the nice watch very much, too
B:The rich man didn't see the young man stealing the watch at all.
C:The watch is worth 500 dollars.
D:The rich American was very happy to buy the stolen watch.Most of us probably live without vegetables, but a world without chocolate? Now that would be hard! According to chocolate makers it could happen if we don't act soon.
There are two main causes of the chocolate shortage --- chocolate's growing popularity and less production of cocoa, the plant from which chocolate is made. With more and more people in India and China loving chocolate, not much can be done about the first cause.
Therefore, the only thing we can do is to increase cocoa production. However, new plant diseases and little rain in Ivory Coast and Ghana, the world's largest producers, have reduced cocoa production by 40 percent in the past 10 years. What's worse, many cocoa farmers in Africa and other cocoa-producing countries like Indonesia and Venezuela are changing to easier-to-grow crops such as corn or rubber. This way, the farmers can make more money.
To prevent more farmers from changing, researchers at the newly opened International Cocoa Control Centre, in the UK, are trying to create new cocoa plants that are stronger and faster growing. But first they must make sure the new plants are safe to grow. This takes a long time.
First, each new plant is stored at the Control Centre for six months to make sure it is healthy. It is then planted in the Centre's fields, studied and tested for another two years. Only after scientists are certain that they're disease-free, will the plants be sent to farmers in West Africa or wherever else they are needed.
To create new stronger types of cocoa, scientists at the Centre are combining the best parts from different cocoa plants. Though the world is facing a serious chocolate shortage, there is now hope!
The question is: What is one of the purposes of the Cocoa Control Centre?
The possible answers are:
A:To introduce cocoa production to more countries.
B:To provide more chocolate for British people.
C:To produce stronger types of cocoa plants.
D:To make sure that cocoa is healthy to eat.I'm Ann. I'm English. I'm twelve. I was born on May 17 , 1991. I learn Chinese at Beijing No.3 Middle School. I have a good friend. Her name is Lucy. She is twelve, too. We are in the same   grade.  But we are not in the same class. I'm in Class Two, and she is in Class Three. We have the same Chinese teacher . Her name is Zhang Ying. We all like her. Lucy's parents are both English teachers in China. And she has a sister. Her name is Lily. She is only five years old.
The question is: Ann was born   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:on May 17 , 1990
B:on May 17 ,1991
C:in May 17, 1991
D:in May 17, 1990For many years, Yang Shanzhou was the local party secretary in a remote, mountainous village in southwest China's Yunnan Province. Though he could live a better life in the city, he still decided to move even further into the mountains, and devoted himself to greening the land. He passed away in 2010, but his story lives on.
A blanket of green - And it all started with a surprising decision made by Yang Shanzhou back in 1988.
The 62 year old decided to return to his hometown in Daliang Mountain, to bring green back to the _ hills. Along with fifteen other people, Yang settled down deep in the mountains and began to work on his plan.
It was a life that was harder than most people could ever imagine.
Su Jiaxiang, Yang Shanzhou's secretary, said, "I went to visit him several times. He didn't even have decent shoes and it was very cold at night. But you know he was almost seventy!"
In 2010, Yang Shanzhou passed away. He was buried in Daliang Mountain, according to his will. More than twenty years has passed since he first began his planting in the mountains.The hills are now covered with kinds of trees. By planting trees, Yang Shanzhou also planted hope. This hidden hero left his local government with a priceless legacy.
The question is: Which of the following sentences is NOT true?
The possible answers are:
A:Mr Yang has been dead for three years.
B:Yang Shanzhou didn't want to be buried in the mountain.
C:Yang Shanzhou gave up the better life in the city.
D:Yang Shanzhou will be remembered for ever.After spending years searching for a planet with life, scientists may have found one. In September 2010, a team of US scientists discovered a planet called Gliese 581g. It has a surface temperature neither too hot nor too cold for liquid water. Scientists think there is a chance that the planet could have life.
The planet Gliese 581g goes around a star called Gliese 581, which is about 20 light-years from Earth. That is about 194 trillion kilometres -500 million times farther away from us than the moon.
A spacecraft traveling at a one-tenth of the speed of light would reach Gliese 581g within about 220 years. A human can't live that long, but robotic explorers could make the job easier. However, our fastest spacec raft don't come anywhere near that one-tenth light-speed mark.
At present, scientists don't know what the surface might be like on Gliese 581g. What they know is that the planet is at the right distance from its star to have liquid water. It's also at the right distance to have an atmosphere that could protect the water if it is on the surface.
Although spacecraft won't be getting there anytime soon, one way to look for life on Gliese 581g is to turn our radio telescopes towards the planet and search for radiation . By studying the radiation, scientists would find out about the chemicals around the planet and discover if Gliese 581g has an atmosphere. If it has one, studying the atmosphere would give us a good idea whether the planet has life or not. But it'll probably be many years before we can do this properly.
People have been arguing about whether there is alien life on Gliese 581g. Any discussion about alien life is just guessing at this point, according to its discoverers.
The question is: What did scientists find in September 2010?
The possible answers are:
A:A planet with water.
B:A planet similar to the earth.
C:A planet without life.
D:A planet near the earth.The Netherlands is a small country on the North Sea. From any place in the country, the farthest point is never more than 350 kilometers away. It takes only a little more than four hours to travel by train from Vlissingen, in the southwest, to Groningen, in the northeast.
More than 16 million people live there. Most of the people in the Netherlands live in the west of the country. The four largest cities, Amsterdam, Rotterdam, The Hague, and Utrecht, are there. Amsterdam is the capital, but The Hague is the seat of govemment.
The Netherlands is sometimes called Holland, because an area in the west of the Netherlands used to be called Holland. The name lives on in the names of two Dutch provinces: North Holland and South Holland. The language spoken in the Netherlands is Dutch. In the province of Friesland, Frisian is also spoken. That is a separate  ( )  language, which is a little bit like English.
The question is: Most of the people in the Netherlands   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:live in the east of the country
B:live in the capital of the country
C:speak Frisian
D:speak DutchAt two o'clock a bank robber stole in.  "This is a holdup," the man said rudely.  He took a gun from under his jacket, pointing to George.  "Hand it over!" George reached into his money-box and took all the bills from the top part-close to six thousand dollars.  The robber snatched them and turned to leave.
Then while everyone watched the robber, George calmly lifted the top part of the money-box, took hills from the bottom part and put them into his own pocket secretly.
The door was shut and the bank robber was gone.  George fainted.
As soon as he was safely behind his bedroom door, George counted the money.  He had eight thousand dollars.  He was very happy.
The next morning, while the others were examining the bank's records, George was called into Mr.  Burrow's office and was introduced to Mr.  Carruthers, who used to be president of the bank.
"Good morning, George, I was sorry to give you a hard time yesterday, but with all the banks being robbed these days I thought it would be a good idea to prove that our little bank can be robbed, too.  I retired yesterday, just to keep everyone on his toes.  Now, I have put the money back in your money-box-all six thousand. "
The question is: Which sentence can be used to end the story?
The possible answers are:
A:George turned cold with fear.
B:George turned red with anger.
C:George was pleased with the end.
D:George was disappointed with the end.International travelers, whether traveling for business or pleasure, will find themselves _ from time to time. Here are a few ways to meet new people and perhaps even get new travel chances.
Make yourself friendly
Be relaxed and polite. Remember to put yourself in social activities. Restaurants, shops and parks are all great places to meet people. If you want to make local friends in a country, stay near the place the locals often visit.
Show your photo album 
Keep a small photo album in your bag when you travel. Photos of family, friends and pets will help your new friends learn more about you and give you things to talk about. They will share their own stories with you, and it will help you learn more about your new friends.
Share something special
Can you help your new friends improve their Chinese? Can you cook a traditional Chinese meal? By sharing your skills, you can have a close friendship with your new friends that they won't soon forget.
Give some gifts
Many foreigners love Chinese goods but have to pay a lot when buying them in their homeland, so you'd better prepare some gifts such as silks, tea and works of art. They are always popular.
Exchange flats
If you and your new friends get along well, you can give them your information and plan to exchange flats for your next trip. Then you can visit their countries and stay in their houses while they stay in yours. In this way you will improve your friendship and live like a local abroad, but pay less for traveling.
The question is: From the passage we can learn that   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:exchanging flats is popular in China
B:goods in foreign countries are cheaper
C:sharing your special skills can help you develop friendship
D:international travelers always get into troublePaper cut can be seen in many parts of China during the Spring Festival. People put it on windows, doors and walls for the festival.
A thousand years ago, paper cut was used for decoration  . In Tang Dynasty women used paper cut as headdress. In Song Dynasty, it helped make gifts more beautiful. What's more, people would feel happier when they saw paper cut on windows, doors and walls. Now people use paper cut to express their wishes for welcoming the New Year.
There are different kinds of paper cut in different parts of China. Pictures usually cover nearly all things, from flowers, birds to the famous people. Now, there are factories for paper cut in China. Paper cut has changed from decoration to a kind of art. At the same time, paper cut also appears in cartoons, magazines or TV programs.
The question is: In Song Dynasty, paper cut helped to make gifts more   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:beautiful
B:famous
C:different
D:expensiveOn the first day of school, our professor introduced himself and let us get to know someone we didn't know. I stood up to look around when a gentle hand touched my shoulder. "Hi, girl! My name is Rose, I'm 87 years old."
"Why are you in college at such a young age?" I asked jokingly.
"I always dreamed of having a college education and now I'm getting one!" she replied.
Rose became a college symbol this year and she easily made friends with other students.
At the end of the term we invited her to speak at our football party. I'll never forget what she taught us.
"We do not stop playing because we are old; we grow old because we stop playing. There are only two secrets of staying young, being happy and achieving success. You have to laugh and find humor every day. You've got to have a dream. When you lose your dreams, you die. We have so many people walking around who are dead and don't even know it!
"There is a big difference between growing older and growing up. If you are nineteen years old and lie in bed for one full year and don't do anything, you will turn 20 years older. If I am 87 years old, and stay in bed for a year, and never do anything, will turn 88. Anybody can grow older. But every minute counts for young men," she added.
She ended her speech by singing The Song Rose. She challenged each of us to study the lyrics and live them out in our daily lives.
At the end of the year, Rose finished the college education. One week after graduation, Rose died peacefully in her sleep. Over two thousand college students attended her funeral in tribute to the wonderful woman who taught by example that it's never too late to be all you can possibly be.
Remember GROWING OLDER IS MANDATORY , GROWING UP IS OPTIONAL .
The question is: Rose was   _   during her stay in college.
The possible answers are:
A:outgoing and popular
B:brave and hard-working
C:honest and athletic
D:calm and creativeMy life plan is to visit all the states in the US. Several years ago, my husband and I were traveling in the northwest. One day, when we were having our breakfast, I lost my wallet that had over $300 in it. There was no way for us to be able to find it, but we went on with our trip.
We went off to drive around and enjoy the city, completely forgetting my missing wallet. Later on, when I checked my phone, there was a message from the boss of the restaurant where we had our breakfast:
"I have something that belongs to you, and you're going to be very happy."
We got back to the restaurant and there was the wallet on the table with all the money in it!
The boss's son found the wallet in front of the door, and brought it to him. He thought that it must belong to someone who had a meal in the restaurant, so he checked inside and found my phone number on a piece of paper.
The question is: What can we know from the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:The boss of the restaurant knew the writer before.
B:The writer was thankful to the boss of the restaurant.
C:The writer knew someone would bring back her wallet.
D:The writer wasn't upset when she found that her wallet was missing.When I was a foreign teacher in China,every day I taught English to my students and they taught me about China.One day the topic mined to saying "I love you".I was shocked to learn that not one of my students had said this to their mothers,nor had their mothers said it to them."Does your mom love you?" "Of course,"they answered.
"How do you know?" was my logical question.They responded that their moms cooked and Always told them what they were doing wrong to show their earning.I was strummed. So mom's cooking and criticizing read our as "I love you"."Then how do you say 'I love you to her?" They agreed that getting good grades, followed by good jobs would be how they showed their love.
I come from a culture where most people are expressive enough,so I repeated these queries in clauses over time.Gradually,I began to get different responses.Some of them had exchanged those sentiments with their moms.
One of my favorite stories of change came from a girl.When she came home from university,her mother met her at the door and hugged her.This had never happened before,but her mom said,"Now that you have gone I have more time to myself.I noticed that in some places mothers and children hug each other and I decided it was a good idea and that I would begin hugging you."
In my family we all say "I love you" a lot.While it is true that we often say the words without having great depth of feelings at that moment,it is almost like a blessing we give each other. Those three little words carry a world of meaning,even when said as a greeting, but most especially if they are the lax words we say to or hear from those we love.
The question is: Chinese people prefer to show love by   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:saying "I love you"
B:cooking
C:getting good grades
D:doing something helpfulPeople have their own ways of saying things with their own special expressions. Some of these expressions are easy to understand. "As Easy as Falling off a Log  " is one such expression. It describes a job that does not take much effort. If you ever tried to walk on a falling tree log, you may understand what the expression means. It is easier to fall off the log than to stay on it.
There are several other expressions that mean the same thing. And their meaning is as easy to understand as falling off a log. One is "Easy as Pie." Nothing is easier than eating a piece of sweet juicy pie, unless it is a piece of cake. "A Piece of Cake" is another expression that means something is extremely easy to do.
Another expression is "As Easy as Shooting Fish in a Barrel  ". Clearly, fish in a barrel will be much easier to shoot than fish in a river. In fact, it would be as easy as falling off a log.
Sometimes, things that come to us easily also leave us just as easily. In fact, there is an expression "Easy Come Easy Go". Another easy expression is "To Go Easy on a Person". It means to treat a person kindly or gently, especially in a situation where you might be expected to be angry with him. A wife might ask her husband to go easy on their son, because the boy did not mean to destroy the toy. If you want to borrow some money to fix the car, you should look for a friend who is an "Easy Touch". An easy touch or a soft touch is someone who is kind and helpful.
And there is one more expression that means do not worry or work too hard. Try to keep away from difficult situations. "Take it easy", until we meet again.
The question is: Which of the following expressions has the same meaning with "As easy as falling off a log?"
The possible answers are:
A:Shooting fish in a barrel
B:Walking on a falling tree log.
C:Staying on a log
D:Shooting fish in a riverMark was walking home from school one day when he noticed a boy ahead of him. He had tripped  and dropped all of the books he was carrying, along with some clothes, a baseball bat and a glove.
Mark knelt  down and helped the boy pick up the things. Since they were going the same way, he offered to carry some things for the boy.
As they walked, Mark discovered the boy's name was Bill. He loved video games, baseball and history, but he was having trouble with some of his subjects.
They arrived at Bill's home first.  Mark was invited in for a Coke and to watch some television. The afternoon passed pleasantly with some laughs and talk. Then Mark went home.
They continued to see each other around school, had lunch together once or twice, then both graduated from junior school.
Three days before graduation, Bill asked Mark if they could talk.
Bill reminded Mark of the day years ago when they had first met. "Did you ever wonder why I was carrying so many things home that day?" asked Bill.
"You see, I took away all my things from school. I had stored away some of my mother's sleeping pills . I was going home to kill myself. But after we spent some time talking and laughing, I realized that if I had died, I would have missed so many good time. So you see, Mark, when you picked up those books that day, you did a lot more. "
The question is: When Bill fell down on his way home, Mark  _
The possible answers are:
A:didn't notice that
B:went away quickly
C:helped him pick up the things
D:carried all the things for himHow are you and your family going to celebrate Earth Day? It's great day to get outside and ride a bike, but there are other ways you could spend the day. Here are four books. You can learn more about the earth and the animals that make the world a special place to live.
The Busy Beaver, by Nicholas Oldland
Beaver is very busy, and he doesn't always think carefully. As a result, he makes a mess of the forest and ends up in hospital. Finally, he realizes how careless he's been and decides to make things right when he returns to the forest.
Lessons from Mother Earth, by Elaine Mcleod
Five-year-old Tess is visiting her grandmother and, for the first time, she visits the garden. Along the way, Tess's grandmother tells her the rules of the garden, "You must always take good care of our garden. Never throw rubbish around. There is plenty for everyone to share if we don't destroy  the earth." The story is beautifully told as a caring conversation between a child and her grandmother.
Luz See the Light, by Claudia Davila
When Luz's community experiences a series of black-outs  , she quickly comes to understand the need to save energy and find other ways of doing things . With the help of her friends and neighbors, she creates a community garden and park that everyone can use. The book attracts many young readers.
The Lorax, by Dr. Seuss
A young boy learns of the role of the Lorax as protector of the trees, and how his home became polluted. The book contains memorable   of forestry conservation   .
The question is: Which of the following books focus on the protection of forest?
The possible answers are:
A:The Busy Beaver and The Lorax.
B:Luz Sees the Light and The Lorax.
C:The Busy Beaver and Lessons from Mother Earth.
D:Lessons from Mother Earth and Luz Sees the Light.Philip likes to play football. He often plays football after school with his friends. Sandy likes to play basketball. She teaches her friends how to play it every Sunday afternoon. Han Mei is very good at the computer. She always uses it to draw pictures three times a week, and she uses it to surf the Internet. She has a good friend in America. Her name is Mary. Lin Tao is also good at drawing pictures. But he never uses computer to draw.
The question is: Who's Mary?
The possible answers are:
A:She's an English girl.
B:She's Sandy's friend.
C:She's Han Mei's friend.
D:She's Lin Tao's classmate.Last week, my granddaughter started primary school. And I wished her every success. But part of me didn't. I really wanted her to fail in some ways because I believe that failure can be good for us to grow up. Success is that you can do something that you already know you can do, or doing something correctly the first time. First -time success is usually a luck. First-time failure, in fact, is supposed to be the natural order of things. Failure is how we learn.
I make my living by writing articles for a daily newspaper. Each week I thought that the article that I write would be the worst. I try my best every day. A successful article usually means that I am discussing the subjects I know well, writing in the way I am used to or saying the same things as anyone else but in an excellent way.
My younger daughter is a trapeze artist.she spent three years putting together a show, and she did it successfully for years. There was no reason for her to change it but she did anyway. She was afraid to be bored. She met failure when she tried some new ways in her show. But she did his only in order to feed her soul. 
My granddaughter is a perfectionist. She will feel her failures, and I will want to _ her. But I will also, I hope, remind her of what she learned, and how she can do better next time. I hope I can tell her, though, that it's not the end of the world. With luck, it is the beginning.
The question is: why id the writher want his granddaughter to fail?
The possible answers are:
A:success is boring though it can bring us something good
B:she would learn more form failure
C:it's impossible to do everything successfully
D:he wanted her to be strong enough to face failure"Basketball is not only for young people," my grandpa often says.
Grandpa is a retired   teacher. He likes basketball. He isn't tall or strong. And he can not run fast. But he is a member of a basketball team.
"I play for 15 minutes in every game," says Grandpa. "I can score 10 points   for my team." He is right. He is really good at basketball. I learn a lot from him.
Grandpa plays basketball with his friends. They play for about an hour every time. Sometimes their team comes to our school. And they play with our school team. Then the young students and the old people can have fun together.
"What is sport? Sport is a game to make people healthy and happy," Grandpa tells me.
The question is: Young students and the old people sometimes play basketball  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:in ourschool
B:in the park
C:at home
D:in the clubUniversity of Oxford is the oldest university in the English-speaking world and it's one of the top university in the world. There is no clear date when the university started, but teaching began at Oxford in some forms in 1096 and developed quickly from 1167.
There are 39 independent  colleges at Oxford, attracting students and learned men from across the world. There are over 100 libraries for the students and learned men to use. At University of Oxford, they also provide a number of money for the best students. Of course, if you want to study here, first you have to reach a certain level of English language.
College life at Oxford is very exciting but busy. The groups of college provide a friendly and welcoming home for students while the college are strict with students about their studies. Many Chinese students are studying here. The number of Chinese students at the university has grown quickly over the past 10 years.
,. (5,2,10)
The question is: What do you have to do first if you want to ask fir studying at Oxford? You have to  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:be independent
B:pass a certain level test of English language
C:study English hard
D:be the best studentsDiaoyu Dao and its affiliated   islands, which consist of(...)Diaoyu Dao, Huangwei Yu, Chiwei Yu, Nanxiao Dao, Beixiao Dao, Nan Yu, Bei Yu, Fei Yu and other islands, are in the northeast of China's Taiwan Island, in the waters between 123deg20'-124deg40'E   and 25deg40'-26deg00'N  . They belong to the Taiwan Island. The total area of these islands is about 5.69 square kilometers.
Diaoyu Dao, in the western tip of the area, covers an area of about 3.91 square kilometers and is the largest island in the area. The highest part on the island stands 362 meters above the sea level. Huangwei Yu, which is about 27 kilometers to the northeast of Diaoyu Dao, is the second largest island in the area, with a total area of about 0.91 square kilometers and a highest height of 117 meters. Chiwei Yu, about 110 kilometers to the northeast of Diaoyu Dao, is the easternmost island in the area. It covers an area of about 0.065 square kilometers and stands 75 meters above the sea level.
Ancient ancestors   in China first discovered and named Diaoyu Dao through their  fishing activities on the sea. In China's historical books, Diaoyu Dao is also called Diaoyu Yu or Diaoyu Tai. The earliest historical record of the names of Diaoyu Dao, Chiwei Yu and other places can be found in the book Voyage with a Tail Wind published in 1403. It shows that China had already discovered and named Diaoyu Dao by the 14th and 15th centuries.
These historical reports clearly show that Diaoyu Dao and Chiwei Yu belong to China. The sea waters around Diaoyu Dao is traditionally Chinese fishing ground. Chinese fishermen have been involved in fishing activities in these waters for generations .
The question is: Where is Diaoyu Dao?
The possible answers are:
A:In the northeast of China.
B:25deg40'-26deg00'E.
C:In the northwest of Taiwan Island.
D:123deg20'-124deg40'E .People eat different things in different parts of the world.
In south China we eat rice every day. Sometimes we eat it two or three times a day, for breakfast, lunch and supp-er. We usually eat it with fish, meat and vegetables.
The Japanese eat rice, too. They also eat a lot of fish. They sometimes eat raw fish. In Africa, maize is the most important food. People there make maize into flour .From this flour they make different kinds of bread and cakes.
In western countries such as Britain, Australia and the U.S.A, the most important food is bread or potatoes. People there usually make their bread from wheat flour. They cook the potatoes in different ways. In England the most popular food is fish and chips. Sometimes people cook this food at home, but usually they buy it at the shop. They eat this food at home, in their work place, in the park or on the road. People call it "take-away" food.
The question is: Which of the following countries is called " a western country"?
The possible answers are:
A:One of the countries in Africa
B:Japan
C:China
D:AustraliaTwo men in Shanghai have been dead from H7N9, while a woman in Anhui province is seriously ill from the virus, the National Health and Family Planning Commission  said on Sunday. This is the first time a human from H7N9 has been found. Little research has been done on this unknown bird flu, and three are no vaccines  against the virus.
The reported deaths were of an 87-year-old man who was found ill on Feb. 19 and died on March 4, and a 27-year-old man who was found ill on Feb. 27 and died on March 10. The third person, a 35-year-old woman from Chuzhou, Anhui province, is in hospital in Nanjing, Jiangsu province. It is still unknown how the three became ill, and experts said there is no evidence  that they caught the illness from each other. There is also no evidence of anyone who stay closely with them being ill. To be away from H7N9 and stay healthy, remember the following things.
* Go to crowded places as less as possible, especially the elderly and children. Pay attention to personal self-protection.
* Keep the air in door fresh. Often wash your hands. Cover the nose and mouth when coughing and sneezing . Wash hands after cleaning the nose and mouth.
* Eat clean food. Don't put raw  and cooked food together. And do not eat raw or _ meat, eggs and other food.
* Take more exercise, have enough sleep and rest, so that you can get yourself stronger.
The question is: Where is the 35-year-old woman from?
The possible answers are:
A:Shanghai.
B:Nanjing.
C:Chuzhou.
D:We don't know.Today Newtown is a very clean place. But many years ago, there were millions of rats in Newtown. They attacked  the cats and dogs. Sometimes a lot of them knocked down a man or woman walking home at night. The rats were very big in size and they hurt many people.
The government   ordered   everybody to kill rats. Most people were lazy, so they did not kill many. Then the government decided to pay some money for each dead rat. That made the people very happy. They killed thousands of rats every day. A government officer put all the dead rats in a big pile . Sometimes a man brought hundreds in one day.
After two weeks there were not many rats in the city, but people still brought many rats to the government office. The government officer thought that people were stealing   dead rats from the pile. He ordered his men to dig a deep hole and put the rats in it. Soon there were no more rats, and the government did not pay any more money.
The question is: A deep hole was dug so that   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:the rats could not come out to attack people at night
B:people could take as many rats from the hole as they wished
C:the rats could not run away easily
D:nobody could take any rats from the pileMy name is Andrew.There are three people in my family--my father,my mother and I.
My father is a bank clerk.And he works in a bank.He thinks it's a boring job.He wants to be a policeman.My mother is a teacher.She teaches Chinese.She thinks her job is very interesting.She works hard and often comes back home very late.In her free time,she likes writing stories for a magazine.I'm a student.I want to be a musician when I grow up.
The question is: What does Andrew's father want to be?
The possible answers are:
A:A bank clerk.
B:A teacher.
C:A musician.
D:A policeman.An expensive car speeding down the main street of a small town was soon over-taken by a young motorcycle policeman. As he started to take out the ticket, the woman in the car said proudly. "Before you go any further, young man, I think you should know that the mayor of this city is a good friend of mine."
The officer did not say a word, but kept writing.
"I am also a friend of Chief of Police Barnes," continued the woman, getting angrier each moment.
Still he kept on writing.
"Young man," she said, "I know Judge Lawson and State Senator Patton."
Handing the ticket to the woman, the officer asked pleasantly. "Tell me, do you know Bill Bronson?"
"No. Why?" she replied.
"Well, this is the man you should have known," he said, going back to his motorcycle, "I am Bill Bronson."
The question is: The policeman stopped the car because  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:it was an expensive car
B:the driver was a proud lady
C:the driver was driving too fast
D:the driver was going to attack himDo you know Su Bingtian? He is a Chinese runner. He was born in Zhongshan City, Guangdong Province on August 20th, 1989.
When he was a child, he liked running in the school running team. His parents supported him in practicing running and they often encouraged him to run. Though it's very hard for him to win every race, he never gives up. He tries his best to run well every day. He took part in the regular match in November, 2004 for the first time. After that, he won many first prizes in all kinds of matches.
On May 31st, 2015, in Saturday's Eugene Grand Prix, the 1.72 meters-tall runner finished third in 9.99 seconds, behind American Tyson Gay in 9.88 seconds and Mike Rodgers in 9.90 seconds. Su Bingtian becomes beats 10-second barrier as the first Asian-born.
China's Zhang Peimeng, who raced to his personal best of 10.00 seconds in 2013, is considered the closest to beating the barrier. Now Su Bingtian broke his record.
"I am so proud of my result. I can write my name into history now and I will work harder and run faster," said Su Bingtian.
Now let's congratulate to Su Bingtian! We hope Su Bingtian will have a better future and good luck to him!
The question is: How old was Su Bingtian when he first took part in the regular match?
The possible answers are:
A:Eleven.
B:Thirteen.
C:Fourteen.
D:Fifteen.I am Zhang Qiang. On weekends I often watch TV with my friend, Guo Peng. My favourite movie star is Baotian Lee .He is a great actor. He has a movie, Magical Doctor Xilaile(<<>> ).It's a very successful comedy. I think it's great fun. Guo Peng likes Michele Yan best. He likes her famous movie , Sleepless Night. It's a thriller. I don't think it's great. In fact, it's boring. Guo Peng also likes comedies. He often tells me, "Comedies are really fun!" My father likes them, too. He even wants to be a comedy artist!
The question is: _  doesn't like Sleepless Night.
The possible answers are:
A:Zhang Qiang
B:Guo Peng
C:Guo Peng's father
D:Zhang Qiang's fatherEvery year people celebrate the Spring Festival in China. Usually it is in January or February. It's the most important  festival in China. So before it comes, everyone buys many things, and they often make a special kind of food called dumplings. It means "come together". Parents always buy new clothes for their children and children also buy presents for their parents. On the Spring Festival eve , all the family members come back home. They sing, dance and play cards. When they enjoy the meal, they give each other the best wishes  for the coming year. They all have a good time.
The question is: .What's the special kind of food for the Spring Festival in China?
The possible answers are:
A:Fruit
B:Fish
C:Dumplings
D:chickenThere was once a violinist who said he was not afraid of animals that are dangerous. He said in a proud way, "Even a bear would be as quiet as the friendliest cat when hearing my music." But he had never played, and no one believed him.
A chance to show his words arrived just when a circus   came to the town. The musician came to the ringmaster   and told what he could do.
"Wow, that's interesting." The ringmaster said. "We just have three new lions and they haven't worked with the lion tamer   yet. Let's see what you can do with them." The violinist agreed and the whole town crowded the hall to see what would happen.
The violinist was standing quietly in the center of the ring with a smile. Then the ringmaster opened the door of the cage   and jumped out angrily a huge lion, shouting and showing his teeth. Everyone was too nervous to breathe.
Still with the smile , the violinist began to play. The beautiful music rose , then the lion sat down and began to enjoy the music. Everyone lost themselves in the music. The lion did, too. For the second lion,  _ .
Then it's the third lion's turn to appear and everyone there was waiting for the lion to be quiet just like the other two . But the lion ran up to the man and ate him.
All the people were surprised. The other two lions asked angrily, "What have you done ! We were enjoying the music!" The third lion put his paw( ) to its ear and said, "Sorry, I can't hear you. I have been deaf for 5 years."
The question is: The people felt so   _   that they couldn't breathe when seeing the first lion.
The possible answers are:
A:angry
B:scared
C:nervous
D:boredHello!This Chinese boy is Li Lei. He's 12. He's in No.3 Middle School. He's in Class 2,Grade 1. His good friend is Jack. He's an English boy. He's in Li Lei's school. He's in Class1.Grade2. Mrs Read is an English teacher in their school.She's an English woman. Jack an Li Lei has a secret ----Jack is their English teacher's son.
The question is: How old is Li Lei?
The possible answers are:
A:11
B:12
C:13
D:14Jack is an English boy. He is a good student. He is eleven. Now he is in a blue coat. Linda is Jack's sister. She is a nice girl. She is fourteen. Now she is in a green dress. Lucy and Lily are from the USA. They are students, too. They are in yellow coats. They look the same. Jack, Linda, Lucy and Lily are good friends. Jack, Lucy and Lily are in the same school. But Linda is not in the school. They all like China.
,.
The question is: Lucy and Lily are   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:in the same school
B:in the same class
C:in different schools
D:in different colorsFruit salad is a delicious dessert and you can make it in less than ten minutes. What's more, you can enjoy it without becoming fatter. Fruit salad can also be a great dish at a party, or the wonderful snacks during any time of a day. If you want to know how to make fruit salad, just follow the steps.
Things you need
1 cup of strawberries
1 cup of cherries 
1/2 red apple
1/2 peach 
1 pear
2 spoons of juice
Steps
1. choose your fruits
2. wash all of your fruits
3. cut the strawberries, cherries, red apple, peach, and pear into small pieces
4. put 2 spoons of juice in a bowl
5. put all the fruits in the bowl
6. serve and eat
The question is: The passage  mainly tells us   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:fruit salad is very delicious
B:people should eat fruit salad more
C:how to make fruit salad
D:when we can make fruit saladThere are many colours in nature. But do you know that a colour has weight? I think you'll say "no". But I am afraid you are wrong. If you don't believe, you may do a small experiment .
First, put two objects with the same weight into two boxes. Then cover the boxes. Wrap  one box with a red piece of paper, the other with a white piece of paper. Now hold the boxes with your hand one by one. It is certain that you will think the red one is a little heavier.
Why does it happen? A scientist found that different colours have different weight in a man's mind. So he did many tests and at last he got the result. That is to say, every colour has its own weight in our mind. The heaviest colour is red, then blue, green, orange, yellow and white. The scientists told us that colours also have smell. Can you smell the colour? Of course not. Then why did the scientists say so? That is because every colour represents a kind of light wave ------ a certain wavelength . It reaches our brain  through organs 
According to this discovery, scientists say that people accept the colour they like, and _ the colour they hate. So your body and mind will be healthy by using the colours you like. Or you'll be nervous or even get ill. If you stay in a room with red windows, wallpapers and furniture  for two hours, you'll feel you have been there for four hours. But if the room is blue, you'll feel you have been there for only one hour. Another example, if a person walks out of a red room and into a blue room, his temperature will fall. That means our body temperature will change when we see different colours.
The question is: Which is the lightest colour in a man's mind?
The possible answers are:
A:Red
B:Blue
C:Green
D:WhitePlease come to meet a family from Canada. The girl's name is Wendy. Her family are in China now. Her father and mother work in Shanghai.
Wendy's father is an office worker and her mother teaches English in a school. Wendy has two brothers but no sisters. They are all students but they are in different school. She is in Grade Eight and her brothers are in  Grade Six. They love their schools.
Wendy usually goes to school with her brothers _ . Sometimes their father takes them in his car. In the afternoon, they have lunch at school.They like to play with their classmates. And they often help each other.
The question is: Wendy's family lives in  _   now.
The possible answers are:
A:Canada
B:China
C:Japan
D:AmericaGame: Describe and guess
In Describe and guess, players take turns choosing a Word Brick and then describing  one of the words on the brick without saying the actual word. The goal is to get the other players to guess the word.
Instructions
Have students(the players)sit in groups of 3-5 and give each group some Word Bricks.
In their groups,players take turns choosing one Word Brick.Each player shoud not let anyone else see his or her brick.
Each player examines both sides of his or her Word Brick and chooese one of the words.
In turns,each player describes his or her word without saying that word.The other players guess until one guesses the word.
After all of the players'words have been guessed,do steps 2-4 again with new Word Bricks.
End the game after the specified amount of time.
"Player Talk" in Describe and guess
The player picks a brick with the word one on one side and the on the other side.He or She chooses to describe the.
Describer:Okay,this is a small word. It's very common in English.
Guesser 1:Is it and?
Describer: No.We often use it before the word sun,ocean and weather.
Guesser 2: The.
Describer: Right
The question is: The second part is to   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:tell you about another game
B:teach some word stories
C:show how to play the game
D:teach some small wordsWelcome to my room. Open the door . You can see a desk. There are some books on the desk. My pens are on the desk, too. Behind the door there is a basketball. I love it very much. On the wall there are two pictures. Look at the boy. It's me. Where is my football? Oh! It's on the sofa . Is my computer on the desk? No , it isn't . It's next to the desk. I love my room. It's very nice , isn't it?
The question is: . There isn't a   _   in my room.
The possible answers are:
A:computer
B:football
C:basketball
D:TVDo you ever find yourself getting really unhappy for almost no reason? Or suddenly feeling down without knowing why? But why is the feeling so common among teens?
Maybe you're starting a new school and not able to see old friends. Getting good grades or wanting to be better in sports or other activities can be a concern  for many teens.
Being accepted by friends is important. Teens also may notice, for the first time, a sense of distance from parents and family. You may feel you want to be on your own and make your own decisions, but it can also seem a bit lonely at times.
Another important cause for mood changes is biology. When puberty   begins, the body starts producing hormones   . These hormones cause physical changes in the body. But at the same time, they also seem to cause mood changes.
Here are some things you can do that might make those bad moods a bit easier to deal with.
*  Remember you're not alone. Although not every teen experiences mood changes to the
same degree, they are common.
*  Talk to people you trust, Friends can help each other by realizing that they're not alone
in their feelings. Talking to parents is important, too. Parents can share their own
experiences dealing with bad moods. Teachers are often good resources and a doctor can
help to answer questions about development.
*  Get enough sleep, Though it can be hard to find enough time, getting enough rest is very
important. Being tired can lead to more sadness.
*  Create. Taking part in some kinds of activities, like building something out of wood, or
starting an art or music piece.
The question is: The title of the passage is  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:teenagers' ideas
B:teenagers' mood
C:teenagers' puberty
D:teenagers' problemsSarah lives in the country, and she loves playing in the river near her house. But her father gets a job in a big city, and he moves there with his family.
Their new house has a garden, but the garden is very small. Sarah isn't happy. "Is there a river near here?" she asks her mother on the first morning. Her mother answers, "No, there isn't, but there is a nice park near here and there is a pool in it. We are going there this afternoon." Sarah is happy now.
After lunch, Sarah and her mother go to the park. Sarah wants to walk near the pool, but there is a sign before it. Her mother reads it to her, "Warning : This pool is dangerous. 367 people fell into it." Sarah looks into the pool carefully , and she says, "But I can't see them."
The question is: Sarah's father works   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:in the country
B:in a big city
C:in a small city
D:in a parkIt can be dangerous to travel by sea. Ships sometimes sink  far away from land. When this happens, the sailors  have to get into small boats. If another ship does not come and help them and they do not have enough food or water, they will die.
Most people believe we must not drink sea water. They believe that if we do, we shall be very ill because of all the salt in the water. A doctor called Alain Bombard did not believe this. He thought that people could stay alive by drinking sea water and eating small fish, animals and plants from the sea. On 19 October 1953, he set out in a small boat to cross the Atlantic Ocean . He did not take any food or water with him.
Every day Dr. Bombard drank just a little sea water. He also caught fish and they had water in them. He drank this water. He could not cook the fish, so he ate them as they were. He took small plants from the sea, which gave him more food.
Dr. Bombard became hot, tired and quite ill, but after 65days at sea he was still alive. He traveled 2,750 miles from one side of the Atlantic Ocean to the other, and on 24th,December 1953, he reached Barbados.
He lost 20 kilos, but he showed that people could live on sea water, the animals and plants in the sea.
The question is: He wanted to show that   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:sea water was dangerous
B:sailors often died
C:people could drink sea water and not die
D:fish were good for peopleMonday, April 17
Dear Gramps,
I was so upset last week when somebody stole my Super Racer from the park by your house. I called up the toy company but they said they have only red, blue and green racers. Dad called Cobb's Toy Store today and found out they might have purple ones. Can we go there when I come to visit you next week?You and I were only gone for a few minutes to the shop down the street to get ice-cream and cookies. Maybe the thief was watching us. Mum was surprised when I told her the racer was stolen. She said she used to leave things at the park all the time when she was young. Once she even left her bicycle for two days near the swimming pool.
Tell Grandma that I like the food she made last time. Ask Grandma if we can have pancakes with sugar for breakfast when I come this time. I have packed in my towel, comb and soap. Tell her this time I won't forget to pack in my toothbrush.
Love
Toby
The question is: How long did the writer leave his Super Racer at the park?
The possible answers are:
A:Two days.
B:Over a week
C:A few minutes
D:All the timeBEIJING--Heavy haze   still covered north and east China on Saturday, with
highways closed and flights delayed or canceled  .
The smoggy weather affected the country's land from north to south, including Beijing, Hebei, Shandong, Jiangsu, Shanghai, Zhejiang, Hunan, Guangxi and Guangdong, with visibility less than 50 meters in some areas.
Cities like Shanghai and Nanjing have been enveloped in the grey sky for the past several days. Many walkers in the street had to wear masks. In the Lukou airport in Nanjing, Jiangsu Province, more than 60 inbound and outbound flights were canceled on Saturday because of the hazy, which also forced primary and middle schools and kindergartens to stop classes on Thursday and Friday in Nanjing.
The Ministry of Environmental Protection said earlier this week that there were several main reasons behind the widespread haze: unfavorable weather conditions making it difficult for pollutants to diffuse  , motor vehicle exhaust  , coal use for winter heating.
The Chinese government now plans to clean up the air by cutting coal use, closing some factories and promoting cleaner production.
"We must face up to the realities," said Yan Naiqiang, a professor of environmental science at Shanghai Jiao Tong University. "The treatment of smog will be a long battle."
The question is: Which is the best title for the article from the newspaper?
The possible answers are:
A:Haze will stop soon.
B:How to protect environment.
C:Smoggy cities--Shanghai & Nanjing.
D:Haze continues to cover east and north ChinaOne day a doctor said to the boy's father that he could graft a pair of ears for his son, if they could be offered. Two years went by. Then, "You are going to the hospital, son. Mother and I have someone who will _ the ears you need. But it's a secret," said the father.
The operation was a brilliant success. Later the boy married and entered the diplomatic service . "But I must know who gave so much to me. I could never do enough for him." "But the agreement was that you are not to know... not yet," said the father. The years kept their secret, but the day did come... one of the darkest days that ever passed through his son. Slowly, the father stretched forth a hand and raised the thick, reddish-brown hair to show... that the mother had no ears.
"Mother said she was glad she never let her hair be cut," he whispered gently, "and nobody ever thought mother less beautiful, did they?"
Real beauty lies not in the physical appearance, but in the heart. Real treasure lies not in what that can be seen, but what that cannot be seen. Real love lies not in what is done and known, but in what that is done but not known.
The question is: Why was the boy laughed at at school?
The possible answers are:
A:Because he was very short.
B:Because he was very foolish.
C:Because he has no eyes.
D:Because he has no ears.Holmes said, "Somebody sent a letter with five pips   in it from India, and arrived seven weeks later to kill John's uncle. Then they sent five pips from Scotland and arrived three days later to kill John's father. Now they have sent five pips to John from London!"
"The letters are all from sea ports  . The writer was on a ship when he wrote the letters," I replied.
"Very good, Watson! And John's enemy is in London already!"
"Well, I hope they won't kill young John," I said.
But they did. The next morning, we read in the newspaper that a policeman found him die near Waterloo station. Holmes was very angry about it.
"He came to me for help and those men murdered him! I'm going to find them, if it's the last thing I do!" he said to me, and he hurried out of the house.
At night, when he came back, he was tired, but pleased, he said, "I know the names of John's enemies! And now I'm going to send them a surprise! This will frighten them!" He took five pips from an orange and put them in an envelope  . On it he wrote "S. H. for _ "
"I'm sending the pips to captain James Calhoun. His ship is called the Star. He and his men are sailing back to Georgia, USA."
"How did you find him, Holmes?" I asked.
"Ship's papers," he said, "I've looked at hundreds of them today. Only one ship, the Star, was in the three ports at the right times, this morning the Star left London to sail back to Georgia. I found out that the captain and two of his men, all Americans, weren't on the ship last night, so I'm sure they killed John. When they arrive in America, they'll get the pips and then the police will catch them!"
The question is: Holmes was   _   about John's death.
The possible answers are:
A:curious
B:angry
C:crazy
D:worriedNow people who are in different parts of the world communicate easier than before. But it is a little hard to understand each other well. Some of them may not understand others' words, so it's easy to make a few mistakes.
For example, an important question about eating out, is who pays for the meal. If a friend of yours suggests you have lunch with him, you might simply say something like this, "I'm afraid it will have to be some place inexpensive, as I have very little money." The other person might say, "OK. I will meet you at McDonald's." This means it is agreed that the two will go Dutch, that is, each person pays for himself. He might also say, "Oh, no. I want to take you to lunch at Johnson's", or " I want you to try the steak  there. It is great." This means that the person intends to pay the bill for both of you. If you feel friendly towards this person, there is no reason why you shouldn't accept this invitation. You might simply say, "Thank you. That would be very nice."
,.
The question is: By reading the text, how do you feel about the communication of the world today?
The possible answers are:
A:People who are in different parts can understand each other easier.
B:People who are in different parts can understand each other harder.
C:It gets harder .
D:It gets easier.There are four people in the twins' family. They are the twins, their father and their mother.
The twins' names are Lucy and Lily. They are fourteen. They are in the same class in NO.1 Middle School. They are very good students. They not only work very hard but also sing very well. They want to join the music club. Lucy wants to play the piano. Lily can play the guitar.
Their father, Mr. King, is a teacher. He teaches English in a school near his home. Their mother, Mrs. King, is a teacher, too. She teaches Chinese. Mr. and Mrs. King are in different schools. But they have the same hobby--play the guitar.
The question is: Mr. King is a good   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:driver
B:worker
C:teacher
D:farmerYesterday my son, daughter and I went to the grocery store. In front of us in line was a little girl with her mother. The little girl was asking her mother for a box of Smarties. The polite way she was asking almost broke the mother's heart, "I'm sorry, Honey, but we have no money to buy it."
My son was watching that dialogue. By the way, he had been raking leaves our garden to raise himself some money to buy a bike. As he watched the mother and daughter leave the store, he ran to the candy counter and bought a box of Smarties with the money .
He turned to look at me and I just nodded. He ran out after the little girl and her mother and he gave them the box. He came back and told me what he told them. "Every kid should have a pack of Smarties because they can make you smart."
I was so excited that I bought a pack of Smarties for my son. I told him that I was proud of him, and that was for his act of generosity because he gave his own Smarties to others. Quickly, he replied, "But you do nice things for people and you never get anything for it."I explained, "When you do something nice for someone, you shouldn't expect to get anything. When you get something you should be very thankful."
The question is: The writer was   _   to see her son buy a pack of Smarties for the little girl.
The possible answers are:
A:sad
B:excited
C:angry
D:proudIn most parts of the world, many students help their school make less pollution. They join in "environment clubs". In an environment club, people work together to make our environment clean.
Here are things students often do:
Turn off the water! Do you know that some toilets can waste twenty to
forty tons of water an hour? In a year, that would fill a small water! In environment clubs, students mend those broken toilets.
No-car day. On a no-car day, nobody comes to school in a car-not the students and not the teachers. Cars give pollution to our air, so remember: walk, jump, bike or run.
Use your legs! It's lots of fun!
No-garbage  lunches. How much do you throw away after lunch?
Environment clubs ask students to bring their lunches in bags that can be used
again. Every week they will choose the classes that make the least garbage
and report them to the whole school.
We love our environment! Let's work together to make it clean!
The question is: On a no-car day,  _  will take a car to school.
The possible answers are:
A:only students
B:only teachers
C:both students and teachers
D:neither students nor teachersWhen your dream is to become a footballer, nothing should get in your way--even if you have no feet.
Gabriel Muniz, an 11-year-old Brazil kid, was born without feet. Although his family thought he would have serious difficulties living a normal life, he started walking before he was one year old. His mother would go after him, expecting him to keep falling, but he never fell. It took him a while to make the jump from walking to playing football, but he did make it. And, in fact, there's nothing he loves more than playing football. In his school, the skillful youngster  is not only the best player in his school team but also the captain of his gym team.
He knows that his disability means he'll never be able to play for a professional  football team. So Gabriel is hoping that football will one day become a Paralympics   sport. He proved to everyone there he could go head to head with any other boy. Watching him play is unbelievable. He's fast and he's got a big bag of tricks--he's very skilled and he does everything he can to copy his hero, Messi so much that he is invited to go to Spain to meet his hero Messi and show his talent in the Barcelona Football Club.
His coach says he is proving the disability only exists  inside our heads and he is challenging  the social
.
The question is: Which of the following is NOT true according to the text?
The possible answers are:
A:The boy's family was surprised he could walk well.
B:The boy wants to play football in the Paralympics.
C:The boy has too much difficulty living a normal life.
D:His coach has noticed the boy's hard job and talent.Little James likes sports, so he is tall and strong in his middle school. He likes playing soccer very much, he thinks it's interesting. His grandma lives  in a village . One day, she comes to school and sees him.
Grandma doesn't find the boy in the classroom, so she goes to look for  him in the school. She finds James and some boys play with only one ball. Grandma says to him:"Don't play with them, I can buy  a ball for you."
The question is: James' grandma finds him  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:in the school
B:in the village
C:at home
D:in the classroomPeter is eight years old, and he goes to a school near his house. He always goes there and comes home on foot. He usually gets back on time, but last Friday he came home from school late. His mother saw him and said to him, "Why are you late today, Peter?" "My teacher was angry and told me to see the headmaster after class," Peter answered. "To see the headmaster?" his mother asked. "Why did she tell you to see him?" "Because she asked a question in class," Peter said, "And nobody could answer it except me." His mother became angry. "But why did your teacher tell you to see the headmaster then?" she asked. "Because her question was 'Who put the glue   on my chair?'" Peter said.
The question is: --Why was Peter late last Friday?  --Because   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:he had to do his homework at school
B:his mother wasn't at home
C:his teacher told him to see the headmaster
D:his mother went to schoolI started learning English when I was 6 years old. For 8 years I have learned English in the way everybody else did--by going to English classes. It was useless. I did everything that the teachers told me to do. But I didn't get any results. I mean, I was always one of the best students in class. However, it took me a long time to read English texts. I made lots of mistakes when writing, and my pronunciation was bad, and I could only speak English very slowly. After my eight years of studying hard, these were the results.
In 2003, I went to the best high school in Wroclaw. It was a special school with a lot of English classes. I owe  a lot to the people I met there, both students and teachers. My first two years in high school were very important for my English. My English teacher, Mr Janusz Laskosz, gave me a lot of good advice, especially on pronunciation and vocabulary. My talented friends, Wojtek and Michael Ryszard, who are my partners now, were both fantastic English learners. What's more, every time I heard them speak, they seemed to have a bigger vocabulary . I wanted to be as good as them, so I studied harder. And my English improved. Wojtek and Michael also introduced me to SuperMemo, which has been very important in my life. And, of course, I could discuss the English language with them, which was a great thing.
The question is: The best title for the passage is "  _  ".
The possible answers are:
A:How to make friends
B:How I learn English
C:My good English teacher
D:My high schoolIf you are like me and you love drawing a lot, then I'm sure you'll love "Drawing With Mark". "Drawing With Mark" is a great show and Mark is really helpful. He gives kids some tips  on how to draw and often teaches kids some history about the things they draw. Kids can also learn three or four fun facts about what they are drawing.
"Happy Tails" is about cats and dogs. Mark shows how to draw them and talks about how to look after them, too.
In "A Day With The Dinosaurs", Mark visits the Museum of Boston and speaks to an expert   to learn how the dinosaurs lived, what they ate and how long they lived.
In "Reach For The Stars", Mark is also at the Museum of Boston. He speaks to another expert about the stars. I learned how far we are from the stars. I thought that the stars were just about 100 miles   from us, but they are millions of   miles from us. That's really far!
If you love drawing, you can watch this show. You can have fun with the tips Mark gives you. The tips will help you to become an artist.
The question is: Which of the following is TRUE according to the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:Kids can't learn any history about the things they draw.
B:Mark thought the stars were very far from us.
C:The writer likes "Drawing With Mark" a lot.
D:Mark can't draw any kinds of animals.We have a new house.It has blue windows and a red door.There is a big garden in front of the house.There are many flowers in it.They are red, yellow, pink and white.We have a dog and a cat now.The dog's name is Brownie.She is brown and yellow.The cat's name is Tabby.He is black and grey.They are lovely.Dad, Mum, Brownie, Tabby and I are a happy family.
The question is: There are   _   people in Ben's family.
The possible answers are:
A:Five
B:Two
C:Three
D:FourJack and Mike are on holiday in France. Mike loves visiting old building. So does Jack.
In the village Jack and Mike see a beautiful old church  , but when they come into the church, some people are there. They don't know what the people are doing.
"Oh! Just sit quietly  , and act like the others!"Mike says. Because they don't really know French, so they stand, kneel and sit to follow other people.
At that time, the priest   says something. And the man who sits next to Jack and Mike stands up.
"We should stand up, too!"Jack whispers to Mike.
So, Jack and Mike walk to the priest. "What's so funny?"Jack asks in English.
With a smile on his face the priest says, "Boys, there is a newbaby born, we ask the father to stand up."
Mike shakes his head. He smiles and says, "We should understand what people do before we act like them!"
The question is: The passage wants to tell us   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:it's very important to learn a foreign language
B:it's very important to understand other people
C:the people in the church are very kind
D:not to act like others without asking whyWe have fun with our school life every day. Our school often holds different after-school activities. There was a football match on the school playground yesterday afternoon.
Our class played against Class Two. Every player tried their best as soon as the match began at 4:00 o'clock. The players from the two teams played very hard and well. At the beginning of the match, a big and strong player from Class Two got the ball and passed several of our players. He kicked the ball hard to the goal."Oh, dear!"my classmates shouted surprisedly. Luckily, our goalkeeper Steve caught the ball. At the end of the first half of the match, there was no score.
After resting for ten minutes, the match began again. Our headteacher Mr. Zhang cheered us on all the time."Teamwork! Teamwork!"he kept shouting. At this time, Kangkang got the ball. He kicked the ball to Jack and Jack kicked the ball to our captain   Li Lei. He passed four players with the ball and then kicked the ball into the goal. The crowd jumped cheerfully. My classmates felt excited. Finally, we won 1 to 0.
My school life is colorful. I love my school life.
,.
The question is: The players have a   _   rest during the match.
The possible answers are:
A:one-minute
B:two-minute
C:four-minute
D:ten-minuteWhy do people smoke? One reason is that people become addicted  to cigarettes. The addictive substance in cigarettes is nicotine . When people smoke, the nicotine goes right into the blood stream and makes people feel comfortable. A smoker's body gets used to the nicotine, and if he stops smoking, he feels nervous. Many smokers try to stop smoking but because of the addiction to nicotine they feel so uncomfortable that they often find it too difficult _ .
Another reason is that people simply enjoy smoking. Having a cigarette for many people means taking a break. For some people smoking becomes part of certain social rituals  , for example, sending the cigarette after dinner. Many people enjoy smoking because it gives them something to do with their hands. Reaching for a cigarette, lighting it and flicking   the ashes are special comfort in a situation where they feel nervous.
Many people also like the taste of tar   in cigarettes. However, it is the tar that causes cancer. While governments and health experts have tried to get people to give up smoking completely, cigarette manufacturers   have tried to keep selling them by producing cigarettes with less tar. Many people in western countries have welcomed these cigarettes since they found it hard to stop smoking and wanted to reduce the danger to their health.
The question is: Why do people welcome low-tar cigarettes?
The possible answers are:
A:Because they taste better.
B:Because they are cheaper.
C:Because they are less harmful.
D:Because they are easy to be made.India has a population of 1.27 billion. Its population is the second largest in the world. China has the largest population of over 1.36 billion. One out of six people on this planet live in India. Although, the crown   of the world's most populous   country is on China's head for ten years. India will take the _ by 2030. With the population growth rate   at 1.58%, India will have more than 1.53 billion people by the end of 2030.
Now more than 50% of India's population is below the age of 25 and over 65% below the age of 35. About 72.2% of the population lives in some 638,000 villages.
Some of the reasons for India's quickly growing population are poverty, illiteracy  , decrease in death rates and immigration   from Bangladesh and Nepal. India started taking measures to stop the growth rate quite early. India had the "National Family Planning Program" in 1952. It became the first country in the world to have a population policy. However, it failed to reach the final goal  .
The question is: Over 65% of India's population is below the age of  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:25
B:35
C:45
D:55"What's the name of our neighbor? I can't remember right now. " Have you ever heard your grandparents ask questions like this sometimes? Usually, we think that older people's memory becomes bad because their brains get weak. But now a team of scientists at the University of Tubingen in Germany has a new idea.[
"The human brain works slower in old age," says Michael Ramscar, the lead scientist. "But only because they have stored more information overtime. "
The findings are based on a series of computer simulations of learning and memory. Scientists let the computers read a certain amount of words and learn new things each day. When the computer "reads" only so much, its performance on cognitive tests is similar of a young adult. But if the computer learns the experiences we might encounter over a lifetime, its performance is similar to that of an older adult.
Often it is slower, but not because its processing capacity has declined. Rather, increased "experience" has caused the computer's database to grow, giving it more data to process-which takes time. This is similar to old people. Imagine a person knows two people's birthdays. Another person knows the birthdays of 2000 people, but can only match the right person to the right birthday nine times out of 10. Can you say the first person has a better memory than the second person?
The question is: According to the research, why do old people forget people's names easily?
The possible answers are:
A:Because they have a very poor memory.
B:Because they are too old to remember things.
C:Because their brains become weaker than before.
D:Because they have stored too much information.Once an old man went to see a doctor. The doctor looked him over carefully and said, "Medicine won't help you. You must have a good rest. Go to bed early, drink milk, walk a lot and smoke one cigar   a day. Go to the country place for a month."
After a month the man came to see the doctor again. "How are you?" said the doctor. "I'm glad to see you again. You look much younger." "Oh, doctor, I feel quite well now,"said the man. "I had a good rest. I went to bed early, drank a lot of milk and walked a lot. Your advice certainly helped me, but that you told me to smoke one cigar a day almost killed  me first. It's no joke to start smoking at my age."
The question is: The doctor's words were   _   for the man's health.
The possible answers are:
A:bad
B:good
C:terrible
D:wellThis past month saw one of the most devastating storms in history brings death and destruction on the Philippines. The number of lives lost is still being calculated, but it is already sitting above five thousand. In the flurryof news about the storm and its after-math, the cries of "I told you so" from environmentalists rang out loud and clear.
These scientists were especially vocal during the United Nations Climate Change Conference, which just wrapped up in Warsaw, Poland. The timing of the conference and Typhoon Haiyan was an eerie coincidence, but perhaps the concurrence offered a wakeup call for all.
Christiana Figures, Executive Secretary of the UN Framework Convention on Climate Change (UNFCCC) said, "We are witnessing ever more frequent extreme weather events, and the poor and vulnerable are already paying the price."
Scientists claim that storms like Typhoon Haiyan are an inevitable result of the effect greenhouse gases are having on our environment. Environmental analysts claim that rising temperatures around the globe and changing weather patterns are all part of the same problem.
This isn't breaking news. We've heard the warnings for years. The UN has been hosting the Climate Change Conference since1995.But the changes that need to be made are huge. Added to this, the developed nations and developing countries have competing interests that are difficult to settle. The issue of who takes responsibility becomes difficult to resolve.
We may feel far away from Poland and resolving conflicts between countries, but we mustn't feel far away from the issue. When we watch neighboring countries suffer in severe weather, when we hear reports of increasing global temperatures, when we walk outside and find it difficult to breathe the Shanghai air, we know we have a very real problem. So what are we going to do about it? Are we making every-day choices that can have a positive impact? Are we reducing our carbon footprint? Are we choosing to walk, ride a bicycle or take public transportation instead of a car? Are we recycling? Are we turning off the lights and electronics whenever possible?
The problem is complex, but saving our earth starts with each of us taking simple steps.
The question is: Warsaw isn't in Poland,is it?
The possible answers are:
A:Yes, it is
B:No, it isn't
C:Yes, it isn't
D:No, it isThis is a photo of Mr. Black's family. The man with glasses  is Mr. Black, the father. The woman is the mother. They have a son and a daughter. The son is behind(....) Jack and Kate are in the same  school, but they are in different grades. Jack is in Grade Three and Kate is in Grade One. They are good students.
The question is: Jack and Kate are in the same  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:class
B:grade
C:school
D:yearMy teachers suggested that I see a speech specialist   in school.
I never really gave much thought to my speech. If other people understood what I was saying, then that was good enough. I didn't mind repeating myself many times.
Before testing me, the speech specialist asked me what I thought of having good speech. I told her I thought it was not important.
"Well, when you are in an interview for a job, and they don't know what you are saying, what are they going to say to you? Nice meeting you, bye," she said.
Maybe good speech was important. I took part in 20-minute classes each week with the specialist.
After she tested me, she told me that I spoke too fast, and didn't give enough eye contact  . I learned that when I made eye contact with someone, it meant that I was talking to that person, and I could also see what he or she thought about what I was saying.
When my first speech class started, I found that I had been speaking too fast to be understood. Every time I spoke too fast, the specialist stopped me and told me to start again. At first, I got stopped after almost every other sentence. After a while, I felt my speech slow down. I wasn't sure if people could understand me better, but my friends stopped asking me to repeat myself.
Speech is an important skill to have. If you do have good speech, that's a good thing, but if you don't have it, it is never too late to improve.
The question is: Through the passage, the writer wants to tell us that   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:seeing a speech specialist is necessary
B:speech is an important skill to have
C:good speech can help you make friends
D:good speech gets good affectMonkeys That Lend a Hand
Have you ever dropped something while both your hands were full and wished you had another hand to pick it up? Some people cannot use their arms or hands to do simple jobs because they have been hurt or are sick. Usually they depend on other people to help them. This problem made two women think about how they could help people who cannot do everyday things for themselves.
In 1979 Dr. M. J. Willard and Judi Zazula began looking at some small, friendly monkeys called capuchin monkeys. These monkeys have hands like people's hands, and they like to be around people. Could the monkeys be trained to do things that people could not do for themselves? The women wanted to find out if their idea would work. So they spent a long time training some capuchin monkeys, and they found that these animals made great helpers.
Today the first step in training a young capuchin monkey is to have it stay home with people and watch how they live. The monkeys learn how to _ around people. Then the monkeys go to a special school in Boston. There they learn how to do many easy chores. They are taught how to carry food and pick up dropped objects. They learn how to open doors and turn light switches on and off. They even learn how to use CD players and VCRs.
After a monkey finishes its training, it goes to live with a person who needs help. If the person wants a light turned on, the monkey does it. If the person needs a glass of water, the monkey brings it. If the person wants to watch TV, the monkey turns it on. The monkey becomes a very important part of that person's life. In fact, the monkey often becomes the person's good friend.
The question is: Capuchin monkeys are people's great helpers because   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:they learn more quickly than other monkeys
B:they have hands like people's hands
C:they like to watch how people live
D:they are small, cute and naughtyOn New Year's Eve , people in Italy throw  out all the old things. So there are chairs, beds, clothes and plates in the streets. In Spain, New Year comes more quietly. Everyone holds a bag of grapes . When twelve o'clock comes, people start eating the grapes.
In Japan, people eat noodles on New Year's Eve. This food is said to bring long life. Early the next morning, some families climb Mount Fuji . There they watch the first sunrise  of New Year. In China  people eat dumplings.
The question is: Japanese climb Mount Fuji to  _   .
The possible answers are:
A:look at the stars
B:eat noodles
C:see the sun coming up
D:have a restDear Grandma,
How are you? I hope you are feeling well and your leg is improving. Can you walk a bit now? Is your neighbour, Mrs Lu, bringing you enough books to read? I hope so. You'd love our school library, Grandma. There are so many books on all kinds of subjects. The other day I found a book about engineering. I couldn't really understand it but I hope to learn more about this topic sometime. This term I have three new subject classes, so I think I'll tell you about them.
I study biology. It is a very interesting subject. I'm learning all about the human body, where everything is and what it does. Did you know that we have a kissing muscle? It's called 'orbicularis' and it's a circle muscle that closes your mouth and moves your lips forward. I love biology. It's so interesting! Another new subject is religion  . I didn't think I would like this one, but actually it is very interesting to hear how different people worship  . We are learning about lots of religions from all over the world, not only Asia. My other new subject is Spanish. It's really difficult to learn a new language but I know it will be useful for me in the future, if I want to travel around the world. Spanish is one of the official languages of the European Union and the United Nations. I've learnt that Spanish is not only spoken in Europe but in South America too. Countries like Peru, Bolivia, Chile, and Mexico also speak Spanish. You know I've always wanted to go to Mexico, so if I can speak Spanish it would be really useful.
Did you study these subjects when you were at school? I suppose subject choice changes over time, doesn't it? I'll come to visit you again in the next holiday, which I think is in eight weeks' time. I'll bring you some of my new books if you like. I hope you can write back soon and tell me all the village news. I miss you very much.
Lots of love,
Sara
The question is: From the letter we can know that Grandma's leg was   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:improving
B:lost
C:getting worse
D:hurtMy family lives in London. In the morning, my father goes to work and we go to school. My father takes us to school every day. My mother stays at home. She does the housework. She always has lunch at home, and visits her friends in the afternoon. In the afternoon, we go home from school by bus. My father gets home from work late. At night my two brothers and I always do our homework. We go to bed at about ten. My father and my mother usually read newspapers. We can watch TV at the weekend.
The question is: _   goes to work in the morning.
The possible answers are:
A:Everyone
B:My father's friend
C:My father
D:My motherSue and Linda usually go to school by car. They drive past  a hospital, a supermarket and a food shop. The food shop is next to the supermarket.
. Jack and Michael usually go to school by bus. They go past a bank and a post office. The bank is next to the post office.
Mary usually goes to work by bike. She rides a bike past a police office, a park and a swimming pool. The park is between the police office and the swimming pool.
The question is: Where does Sue drive past?
The possible answers are:
A:A hospital.
B:A post office.
C:A park.
D:a swimming poolThere was a big garden in front of Jeff's house. So on weekends, many children came to play soccer from morning to late night. They made a lot of noise, so Jeff couldn't do anything.
He thought hard and had an idea. One Saturday evening, he went out and said to them, "It is my happy time when I see and hear you playing here. So I will give you fifty yuan a week if you play in the garden here,"
They felt very happy and on Saturday evening they came to Jeff's house and asked for the money. He did so.
The second week, Jeff said he didn't have enough money and only gave them twenty yuan.
The third week Jeff said he lost his work, but he gave them only 10 yuan. And the boys were very _ .
The fourth week Jeff said he was looking for his job. He gave them only five yuan. And said he couldn't pay them fifty yuan a week. But he would give them two yuan each week.
After that, the boys never played in the garden again.
The question is: Jeff gave the children money to  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:let them play soccer there
B:make friends with them
C:make them become famous players
D:stop them from playing soccer thereHello, dear friends! I'm Jenny. Please look at this photo. The girl in red is me. I'm 13. I have a sister and two brothers. My sister, Linda, is 15. She likes red and green. She has two red rulers and a green pencil case. She also likes sports and she has a great sports collection. She has five baseballs, three basketballs and two volleyballs. The baseballs and basketballs are under her bed. The volleyballs are under her chair. . And she is in the baseball club.
My brothers are Alan and Tom. Alan is 14 and Tom is 8.Alan likes English very much, and he is in the English club. He has many English books and English tapes. But Tom only likes watching TV. He watches it every evening.
The question is: Tom has  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:two sisters and a brother
B:a sister and two brothers
C:three brothers
D:three sistersHunter and Nina are husband and wife. They get up about 4:50 in the morning. When many people are sleeping in their warm beds, they are working. They work outside and walk a lot. They do not work when it is raining. They also work on weekends.
Her name is Sara. She sometimes goes to work in the morning, and sometimes goes to work at night when she is on duty . She works in a big building. There are many beds in it. She wears a white hat and a white dress. She says:" I meet many people every day. I look after them. They need my help. That's my job. It's hard, but I like it."
He is Jim's father. He usually leaves home very early. He does not work in a factory. He goes to work on foot or by bike. It is far from his home. He usually works in the day and has lunch outside in the sun. His work is very hard. He often brings us rice, eggs and vegetables. He can have a good rest in winter.
She goes to work by bus every day. She works in a building. It opens at 8 a.m. and closes at 6 p.m. There are many good foods, drinks and other things. Children like to go there. She meets many people every day. She often says, "Can I help you?" When she meets people. She says, "My work is not easy. I must stand all day and be friendly to everyone".
The question is: What jobs do they have?
The possible answers are:
A:Farmer, doctor, driver and cleaner
B:Cleaner, nurse, farmer and shopkeeper
C:Postman, nurse, driver and teacher
D:Driver, doctor, cleaner and shopkeeperAlmost every child in big cities has the chance to go to school. Nine years' studying helps children to prepare for their future lives. In fact, many students can study for more than nine years. Not all children are so lucky.
There is a girl called Xiao Fang. She is eight years old and lives in a small village in Guangxi. When she was younger, she wanted to go to school, but she could not because her family was too poor. The schools were too expensive, so her parents kept her at home. Instead of studying, Xiao Fang worked in the fields with her parents.
Then Project Hope heard about Xiao Fang. It agreed to help Xiao Fang to go to school. Her wish came true, and now she is studying in a school. Unluckily, there are many thousands of children who can not go to school. You can help these children.
Project Hope also helps to repair school buildings.
All this good work costs money. Project Hope needs your help. If you give Project Hope Y=300, we can pay for one child to go to school for a whole year. With more money, Project Hope can build new schools. The money buys good desks, chairs, blackboards and books. To help us is to help Xiao Fang and many other children to have a good start in life.
The question is: Project Hope helps  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:children who are too poor to go to school
B:to repair school buildings
C:children to go to school
D:all the aboveInventions named after people
Many new things are invented each year. Interestingly, some inventions are named after the people who invented them, making the inventions and inventors easier to be remembered.
The bowler hat is named after London hat-makers Thomas and William Bowler. The brothers received an order from Edward Coke, the younger brother of the 2ndEarl of Leicester. They were asked to design a hat for Coke's gamekeepers to protect _ heads from branches while on horseback. Later, the stylish hat became popular in Europe and the United States.
Another invention that is named after its inventor is Braille, a writing system used by blind people. French educator Louis Braille developed a new system of reading and writing after learning the cryptography of French Captain Charles Barbier during the war. The captain had come up with a code of dots on paper that allowed soldiers to communicate in the dark.
The diesel engine is also named after its inventor----German engineer Rudolf Diesel. After a few dangerous tests, he invented a new and more efficient engine in 1892 and the engine was later called the diesel engine. The engines were widely used in buses, trucks, trains and ships, and Rudolf Diesel became a millionaire.
The question is: According to the passage, which of the following statements is FALSE?
The possible answers are:
A:Rudolf Diesel was a German engineer.
B:Rudolf Diesel carried out some dangerous tests before he invented the diesel engine.
C:The diesel engine was quite efficient.
D:Diesel engines were mainly used on airplanes and rockets.How do you spend a usual holiday at home? My alarm clock wakes me, which reminds me of school. I usually would sleep like a log, but today is a holiday and I have to be at the pool for swimming practice at a quarter to seven. About 30 swimmers show up for practice. An hour later, I ride my bike home. The suburbs  are quiet in the morning, with few cars on the street.
I know I should be studying German but instead I wander to my room, lie down on the bed and sleep like a log. When I open my eyes again, the first thing I see is the alarm clock. It's 10:40 and I have a basketball class in less than 20 minutes. With the help of a shortcut  I arrive on time. About 15 kids and I spend the rest of the morning "shooting hoops ".
A bus takes us home,and I see a neighbour walking her dogs. It's past noon. Lunch is "dousha baozi" ,which my younger brother Richard doesn't eat. He devours  part of a cake from the fridge. I wonder if I should practise on the keyboard, study German, finish my homework, play chess,read or sleep like a log. I decide to play computer games for an hour and promise myself that I'll work on German later.
As the computer games hit higher and higher levels, Richard and I become more and more bored. He has been aching for  someone his own age to play with, and I write , he is _ . He is too sleepy.
I think I'll turn off this computer and take him to the park. Then maybe I'll call on some of my old classmates.
Holidays can be a time to learn, a time to play, a time to grow or a time to sleep like a log. Whatever you choose to do with your time, do something that you'll remember!
The question is: From the story we can learn that the writer  _   during his holiday.
The possible answers are:
A:likes to learn German
B:does all kinds of sports
C:does what he won't forget
D:has no time to learn GermanA man died and was on his way to another world, either heaven   or hell  . He saw an extremely grand palace half way and the owner of the palace asked him to stay and live in the palace.
The man said, "I have been working hard during my life and now I just want to eat and sleep without any work."
The owner of the palace said, "If so, there is nowhere else better than here for you. There is plenty of seafood and delicacies   in my palace, and you can eat whatever you like without anyone stopping you. And nothing needs to be done by you." Then, the man settled down   in the palace.
At the beginning, the man felt very happy at the cycle of eating and sleeping. But gradually, he felt a bit lonely and void. So he went to the palace owner and said, "It is very bored to live by just eating and sleeping every day. Now I show no interest in this kind of life any more. Could you help me find a job?"
The owner replied, "Sorry, there is no job here at all."
After another several months, the man could not go on with the life and went to the palace owner again, "I really can not stand this kind of life any more. If you do not offer me a job, I would prefer to go to hell instead of living here."
The owner of the palace smiled contemptuously  , "Do you think it is heaven here? It is actually hell!"
,. (10)
The question is: Where did the man think he was?
The possible answers are:
A:In heaven.
B:In hell.
C:At his home.
D:On the Earth.Karnishakuji4- 162
Tokyo 145
October24,2007
Concord School of English
23 Essex St.
Concord,,NH03301
Dear Madam or sir ,
One of the teachers at my school in Japan told me that your school has summer courses . I'm planning to go to the USA next summer and would like to take a one- month course .
I'm 18 years old and have been studying English for six years . I'm going to study English at the university . I have ever been to a few countries , such as China , England ,Korea ,but never to the US ,and I think a trip will help me improve my English .
Could you send me a catalogue and application ? I would also like information about New Hampshire and other places nearby .
I hope to do some traveling when the course is over .
Thank you . I look forward to your reply .
Yours ,
Mariko Kobori
The question is: Mariko Kobori wrote the letter to   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:take the next summer English course
B:go to the USA for summer holidays
C:get some advice on how to learn English
D:know about the Concord School of EnglishMany people have to work on the weekend. Some people do not mind. Others think it is terrible.
One man thinks that working on the weekend can be dangerous. He is Graham Coates. Mr Coates works in an office in Brighton, England.
On Saturday, May 24, 1986, he went to the office to do some work. When he got on the lift , it stopped between floors. Mr Coates could not get out of the lift. He started to shout, but no one heard him. Then Mr. Coats remembered that it was a holiday in England. No one was going to come to work until Tuesday.
There was nothing for him to do. He had to wait until one of his workmates came to work and found him. With nothing to eat or drink, Mr Coats ended up sleeping for most of the day.
Now Mr. Coates says, "I only use lifts if they have telephones in them."
The question is: Mr. Coates thinks working on the weekend is  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:interesting
B:terrible
C:happy
D:unhappyThe colour systems used by scientists and artists are completely different. An artist will mix blue and yellow paint to get a shade of green; a scientist will mix green and red light to create yellow. The printed page in a magazine is yet another system.
Scientists recognize the light primaries are red, green and blue. When mixed, red and green light rays produce yellow, blue and green produce cyan, red and blue produce magenta. Red, green and blue mix to create white (light). This colour model is used in computer monitors, television sets and theatre.
Most artists recognize red, yellow and blue as the three basic primary colours. These primaries are the pure colours which cannot be created by mixing any other colours.
In the print industry, cyan, magenta, yellow and black are used as the primary colours. When you mix all the colours, the result is gray.
The question is: How many colour systems are mentioned in the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:Two
B:Three
C:Only one
D:FourMy 10-year-old Donna said, "Mom, I made a new friend at school today. Can she come over tomorrow?" Donna was a shy girl and I wanted her to make some friends _ .
"Sure, honey, that sounds great." I said, thinking back to my own best friend, Lillian. We lived across the street from each other in Washington Heights, New York. We met at the age of 10, too. Like my daughter, I was shy, but Lillian drew me out. She was one of the friendliest people in school, with shiny black hair and a mile-wide smile.
In senior high school, Lillian went on a trip to Florida. This was the first time we had to be away from each other for a few days. "I'll be back soon." she told me. But three days later, Lillian's sister told me that she had fallen into a river and hadn't come out any more. Soon, my family moved to New Jersey. Whenever I thought of her, tears came into my eyes.
The next day Donna brought her new friend home. "Hi, Mrs. Loggia." the little girl said. Her hair was so shiny and black and she shot me a big smile. "My name is Laura."
My daughter's new friend was so much like Lillian. I was still puzzled   when Laura's mom came to pick her up later that afternoon. I opened the door to let her in. "Judy!" she cried. "It's me, Lillian's sister, from Washington Heights." Yes, my daughter's friend looked familiar  . She was Lillian's niece.
The question is: Why did Laura look familiar to the writer?
The possible answers are:
A:Because she looked like Donna.
B:Because she also had shiny black hair and a big smile.
C:Because she was from Washington Heights.
D:Because she was as old as her daughter.How important is color in the business world?
Google, one of the biggest U.S. companies, is trying to find it out. The company has already found "a close connection between color and satisfaction with a person's work area". That's according to its spokeswoman named Meghan Casserly.
"Color is a silent salesperson," said Elyria Kemp. She is an assistant professor of marketing at the University of New Orleans.
Kemp is following color trends in business. She is studying the connection between feelings and color. According to Kemp, when people make an evaluation   of a product, usually they do this within 90 seconds or less. Besides, more than half of their first evaluation is based on (......) color alone.
That's why so many companies are researching their color choices. They are spending thousands of dollars on the research, too. Just think of UPS's Pullman brown, Home Depot's orange and Tiffany & Co.'s blue.
Joclyn Benedetto is a spokeswoman for Tiffany & Co. She said the success of the company's jewelry   was connected to its blue color. It is used to wrap   every product. She said the color was chosen by the founder Charles Lewis Tiffany for the cover of Blue Book, Tiffany's annual collection of beautifully hand-made jewels, which first came out in 1845.
Coca-Cola's red color also dates back more than 100 years. The soft drink was shipped in barrels painted red.
A spokesperson for Home Depot said research showed that the first thing people thought of was orange when they heard the name of the company.
Smaller companies are also realizing the importance of color. But picking the right color is important.
"You know when something is right because you get a feeling of safety, and it's not something that you think about. It just will hit you," said Emil Hagopian, a distributor for Mar Plast Color Building Accessories in Ann Arbor, Mich. "And sometimes, if it's done wrong, that also hits you."
The question is: What do we know about Tiffany & Co. according to the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:It only sells women's clothes.
B:Blue is its owner's favorite color.
C:Its products are wrapped in blue.
D:Its red color dates back over 100 years.Do you know something about the holiday camps in Hong Kong? The students in Hong Kong used to take part in an English holiday camp in their holidays. And their parents weren't with them, though they were very young.
Now they still enjoy taking part in many kinds of holiday camps without their parents. Many parents let their children take part in some kinds of holiday camps in order to learn some practical knowledge in their life. And also learn some knowledge about living skills, science, reading and writing... The most important for the children is to learn to look after themselves.
Holiday camps in Hong Kong are not so expensive. Most of the families can afford  to send their children there for further study, for making their bodies strong...
It is said that students in Hong Kong have much knowledge about many things. Perhaps it has to do with the kinds of holiday camps.
The question is: The students who often take part in the holiday camps   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:must have much knowledge about many things
B:must he very thin
C:must he very tall
D:must be very beautifulSports City Bar
Every Tuesday and Thursday evening in Sports City Bar everyone can enjoy a "Buy one, get one free"Tex-Mex &seafood Buffet* for 118 yuan.
At our Sunday Family Buffet, we have exciting games for children.  The buffet lasts from 11:00am to 2:00 pm. And costs 98 yuan per adult.  Children aged 12 to 16 eat for half price, and children under 12(limited* to two) eat for free.
Happy hours at Sports City Bar lasts from 6:00 pm to 8:30 pm.  But one soft drink, get one free.
Tel:65118976-4228
Location: The fourth floor, Blue Sky shopping centre.
The question is: How much will your father pay if he and your 10-year old brother go to have lunch at the Sunday Family Buffet?
The possible answers are:
A:49 yuan
B:98 yuan
C:118 yuan
D:147 yuanMary had a nice summer vacation last year. She went to Hawaii  in July. Mary likes fruits, and the Hawaiian bananas and oranges were great. The weather was very fine, but sometimes it rained heavily. On Monday she went to the museum. It was an interesting place and not very crowded . On Tuesday she went to the mountains. On Wednesday she visited an old friend. They went to the movies in the evening. The movie was so funny that they laughed again and again. On vacation she felt like she she was a flying bird! The vacation cost  her about 600 dollars, but Mary had a fun time.
The question is: How did Mary feel about the Hawaiian fruits?
The possible answers are:
A:Not too bad.
B:Not good.
C:Terrible.
D:deliciousJudy had very bad luck yesterday. In the morning, she came to school late, because her alarm clock didn't _ . Usually she goes to school at 7:20 am. But yesterday, it was already 8:00 am when she got up. The teacher was angry  and asked her to stay in the classroom after school. At 5:00 pm, it was time for students to go home. But Judy couldn't. She stayed until  5:30 pm. When she just went out of the classroom, it began to rain. She didn't have an umbrella. On her way home, she fell off  her bicycle. When she got home, she was wet all through.
The question is: Which is the best title?
The possible answers are:
A:Judy, a bad girl.
B:What a terrible day!
C:Judy's school life.
D:A lucky day.When someone walks into a room wearing bright colours, everyone seems to take notice. Beautiful bright colours can easily draw our attention. Fresh roses can cheer us up when we're feeling blue. Dressing up in colourful clothing can bring us into a more positive mood.
What shall I wear today? What colour should I choose?
Dressing yourself for the day is quite important whether you know it or not. Our moods often show what our bodies end up wearing. When you look in the mirror after you dress, train yourself to notice how you feel when you see yourself. Notice your mood. If you are not feeling yourself, could the colour of what you are wearing irritate   your nervous system? Did you never notice that before? We all know that dark colours can tell lies. They can make you look and feel older than you really are. That is why baby clothes never come in dark colours. To the mind, dark colours seem easier to hold power, but to the heart and feeling level, they don't help your heart to open. Bring happy colours and happiness to go hand in hand. Bright happy colours open your heart, calming your nervous system.
Some advice:
If you work around people who wear black, try to find a happy colour to look at to replace   the picture of dark colours in your mind.
At night, wear soft clothes in light colours to help your nervous system calm down and smooth it out, preparing yourself for sleep.
Don't dress children in dark colours because their nervous systems are just beginning to feel.
The question is: Which of the following sentences is NOT right?
The possible answers are:
A:We should dress children in dark colours.
B:Fresh roses can cheer us up when we're feeling blue.
C:Dark colours can tell lies.
D:Dressing yourself for the day is quite important.There is a new park near Andy's home. It's fine today. Andy and his family are in the park now. On their left, there is a cafe. On their right, there is a big lake. There are many flowers and trees around the lake. There's a small hill behind the lake. Near the lake, there are two signs. One says, "Don't swim in the lake!" The other says, "No fishing!" But you can go boating on the lake. There is a beautiful garden in the middle of the park. There are green grass and beautiful flowers in it. There are some small shops between the lake and the garden. The park is so nice. Andy and his family like it very much.
The question is: Is there a cafe in the park?
The possible answers are:
A:Yes, there isn't.
B:No, there isn't.
C:Yes, there is.
D:No, there is.Michelle, a famous lady, has found that more than 25% students are too fat in her country. It is a very serious problem. So she starts a health program to deal with it. The health program is to reduce the amount of fat students today and in the future.
The program will get families, schools, newspapers, magazines and TVs to join together and deal with the students' obesity  so that students will be at a healthier weight. The program includes: Food stores should sell healthier foods. Schools should serve healthier meals with less fat and should also offer gym classes.
The lady is trying to fight the students' obesity all over the country because it can cause illnesses and higher health cost. She wants the students to eat right, exercise more and control their weight. She also wants the students to understand it is important to have less sweet food, and drink water, milk and fresh juices, but not to choose cokes. At the same time she has also set a good example by planting a vegetable garden. She hopes that the garden will encourage more people to plant one, too.
The health program is really helpful to the students today and in the future. As she says, we cannot always build the future for youth, but we can build our youth for the future.
The question is: Michelle encourages fat students to have  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:more vegetables
B:sweet food
C:many cokes
D:much fatHelping your children to read and write at home will improve their skills and confidence  --it will also make them get ready for learning in the classroom environment.
 _  are needed by every child in every subject in every year of their life in or outside school. Students who improve their reading and writing skills will increase their vocabulary and their ability to use the English language correctly. As parents, you can play an important role in improving your children's literacy . You can make a difference by listening, asking questions, giving information, and reading with your children outside school hours.
Here are 8 tips on how to help your children to read and write:
^having everyday conversations with your children
^trying to ask more "wh-" questions instead of easy "yes" or "no" questions
^encouraging your children to talk about events you don't know
^reading to your children each night
^listening to your children read
^teaching your children how to use dictionaries
^talking about your children's writings
^practicing filling in forms, writing letters, sending cards or emails
You can also encourage your children to join the Reading Challenge Club and discuss the books they are reading together. In the club, children must read 15 books from the Challenge book list and 5 more books chosen by themselves. There are over 1,000 books on the list. The reading must be done in one year. What's more, it is a wonderful way to help your children to write. For example, you can encourage  them to write diaries or book reviews. Remember to make positive(,) comments as much as possible.
The question is: This passage is for   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:children
B:teachers
C:parents
D:doctorsSome advice on Travel
1. Forget fashion  ! Always wear your most comfortable clothes when going on long journeys.
2. Travelling on trains and buses can be boring, so take a good book to read.
3. If you're going somewhere cold, remember to put on your warm clothes!
4. If you are going somewhere sunny, remember to bring your sun-block   and sunglasses.
5. Always take a camera with you to _ those special moments.
6. Be careful with your things whenever you go to a busy place, like a train station. There are many thieves there!
7. Most countries have lower prices for students, so if you are a student, take your student card with you.
8. Always leave a room in your bag and buy presents on the way home.
9. Bus tours often stop at expensive shops along the way, save your money by buying presents at local shops.
10. If you travel abroad  , remember to take your passport. Whatever you do, don't lose it!
,.
The question is: If a student wants to buy some presents at lower prices while traveling, he should show  _  to the shop assistant.
The possible answers are:
A:his student card
B:his things
C:his passport
D:pricesIf you want to do a school project on children's rights, you can look on the Internet for some information. A United Nations website can show you plenty of useful information for the project.
The United Nations lists the rights of children. Most countries agree all of them, but some countries do not. The following are some of the most important rights of children:
Children have the right to be properly fed, clothed and sheltered by their family. If their family can't do so, the government should take _ .
Children have the right to an education and medical care, which should be provided by the government.
Children must not be cruelly punished by their parents or any others.
Children have the right to expect the government to protect them from all kinds of abuse and neglect .
No child under fifteen should be made to fight in an army.
Children have the right to be protected from being made to work too hard to make money for other people.
In some countries children do not have these rights. Many young children are made to work long hours in factories and on farms. In some countries there are so few schools that only rich children get an education. There are not enough doctors or nurses to help many children when they are sick.
The rights of children are, therefore, the rights people think children should have. They are not always the rights children really have.
The question is: _   agree with the United Nations' list of children's rights.
The possible answers are:
A:All countries
B:A few countries
C:No countries
D:Most countriesBorn in 1954 in Taiwan, Ang Lee has become one of today's greatest filmmakers. Ang graduated from the National Taiwan College of Arts in 1975. Later on, he went to the USA. for further study on art. And he got a Master Degree in Film Production at New York University.
During Ang's film career, he has made a lot of successful films and honored himself with many international awards. Early in 1993, Ang's film The Wedding Banquet  won a Golden Bear at the Berlin Film Festival, which drew the whole world's attention to this Chinese director. In the following years, Ang's talent got more brilliant. At the beginning of 2000, Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon(Wo Hu Cang Long), a kongfu film directed by Ang Lee, won Best Foreign Language Film at the 73rd Academy Awards . This surprised the world. However. what really takes Ang to the _ of the film world is the film Brokeback Mountain (2005). For this film, Ang Lee won the Best Director Academy Award. And he is the first Chinese director who's ever won the golden statuette .
In 2012, Ang made a huge success again. His first 3D film Life of Pi came out. It was a story about the adventure of a brave Indian boy. This film helped him beat out Michael Haneke of "Amour", Benh Zeitlin of "Beasts of the Southern Wild", Steven Spielberg of "Lincoln" and David O. Russell of "Silver Linings Playbook". For the second time, Ang was honored as the Best Director at the 85th Academy Awards in 2013.
Along Ang Lee's film road, we can say that he is really born for films and he is worth all the praise from the world, especially all the Chinese.
The question is: How old was Ang Lee when he won the Best Director Academy Award for the second time?
The possible answers are:
A:59.
B:58
C:51
D:39Valentine's Day  is on February 14th every year. On this day, people send valentines to their loved ones, Valentine's Day is a special time to tell how much you care about a person.
Many people send candy in hearted shaped("")boxes to people they love. Flowers are also presents that people send on Valentine's Day. Valentine cards with words are often used by many people.
Can you guess who gets the greatest number of Valentine cards in the United States each year? Is it mother or father, sister or brother? Is it uncle or aunt? Is it the special friend? No, it isn't!
Mothers get a lot of cards, but school teachers get the most each year. Do you know who sends the most? Children do. Children send five times as many on February 14th as adults do.
The question is: Valentines Day   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:comes once a year
B:is on February 4th
C:comes twice a year
D:is on the first day of springWe moved into a beautiful two-story old house. The house was built in 1956. It was repaired in 2003.
At first, really small things began to happen. They didn't make me believe that something was wrong, but as time went on, things started becoming stranger and stranger. Early something was missing, and later on it would be found somewhere else. I just thought I had forgotten where I put it, or perhaps my daughter was playing around with things. Then later on I would hear strange sounds when nobody was at home but me. . . yet it was an old house, and sometimes old houses did make little noises, so again, I didn't really mind.
Then things that I couldn't explain started happening. It was last November and I was at home alone cleaning the house. When I was sweeping the kitchen floor, I felt a very cold wind blowing my hair. I thought the kitchen window must have been opened, but when I checked it, it was closed. The windows were new, and there was no way any cold air came in.
We all felt very strange and moved away from there in October, 2014. I was never really frightened. It was just strange, like something or someone was trying to get my attention or something.
The question is: At first the writer didn't mind the strange sounds happened because  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:the house was very old
B:someone made them
C:her daughter made them
D:the cold wind was blowingIt is not a good idea for children to have to work hard. Children should study in school as hard as they can. They should not have to do heavy work with their bodies. When parents or others force their children to work hard, the results are never good. Many may be very bad. If a farmer makes his son work like a man, he may easily learn to hate farming.
Children sometimes do too much in gardens, in shops, or even in their own homes. They soon begin to hate such work with a force, because that can destroy their happiness. But there may be a worse loss, child's love for its parents. The feeling may become something different. When that happens, the old kind of love never returns.
The question is: The writer thinks children's parents or others don't force their   _  to work hard.
The possible answers are:
A:sisters
B:brothers
C:children
D:unclesKate, Jack and Sam are good friends. They are in the same school.Kate and Jack are classmates. But Sam is in a different grade-Grade Three. They often do sports or play games after school.
This evening Jack is going to Sam's birthday party and he is going to give him a new book for his birthday because he likes reading very much. Kate wants to go to the party, too. But she has to stay at home because her mother isn't feeling well. She asks Jack to take a present to Sam for his birthday. She wants to give Sam a different present, so she gives him a very mice new pen.
The question is: What does Jack give Sam?
The possible answers are:
A:Some flowers.
B:A new book.
C:Some cards.
D:A new pen.Hello, everyone. My name is Tom . I'm a middle school student.  I am a soccer fan  . I play soccer after school every day.  This is my father, His name is Mike Smith. He is a soccer fan, too. He plays soccer very well. I like playing soccer with my father very much. We have a great collection  of 15 soccer balls.  This is my mother . Her name is Linda Smith. And this my sister Mary .But my mother and my sister don't like soccer. They only watch TV at home. They say many TV programs   are very interesting.
,.
The question is: _   plays soccer very well.
The possible answers are:
A:Tom
B:Tom's father
C:Tom's mother
D:Tom's sisterI am Alice. I like We chat. It is fast, convenient and fashionable. And you can use it for free. It can be used in my mobile phone. It has hold-to-talk voice messaging function. I am a fan of Leehom Wang. Through We chat, Leehom Wang often says something to me. It's amazing.
I am David. I love Micro blog. I update my Micro blog when I am free. We can share instant  messages with each other. I often look through Yao Chen's Micro blog. She has many followers. I make many friends with them. I often write something on my Micro blog, for example, "I'm in blue today. I didn't pass the exam." Then many friends comfort me. I share my birthday party, my new phone, my new coat, etc. with my friends. It is fun.
I'm Lily. I don't like We chat or Micro blog. I don't believe them. There are so many crimes  on We chat. Many people are cheated because they believe in other people they meet on We chat easily. It is not a real world. As to Micro blog, I don't think it is a good way to make friends. And you should write something no more than 140 words. I like keeping diaries. I don't want my secrets known by others. I am a low-key  girl.
The question is: What does Alice think about We chat?
The possible answers are:
A:It's fashionable and convenient.
B:It's fashionable but slow.
C:It's safe and useful.
D:It's fun but expensive.The lion says that he is _ . So he asks all the animals to come and listen to his last wishes.
The cat comes to the lion's cave . He stands there and goes in. Then a sheep goes in. Before she comes out, a rabbit goes in to hear the last wishes of the king of animals.
But soon the lion looks well again, and goes out of his cave. He sees a fox  waiting outside. "Why don't you come in?" asks the lion to the fox.
"I beg your pardon," says the fox, "I see many animals go into your cave, but nobody comes out. Before they come out again, I will wait outside."
The question is: Why does the lion ask the animals to listen to his last wishes?
The possible answers are:
A:He wants to say something.
B:He likes to play tricks on others.
C:He wants to eat them.
D:He likes the animals very much.Alice spends her summer vacations walking back into history. Alice is 15 and she is a guide who shows visitors around the Fort Delaware Museum in New York. "This year, I spun wool on a spinning wheel. Last year, I was a candle maker. My first year, I cared for the garden and looked after the animals. All the jobs I've had at the fort have been really fun."
Fort Delaware is a living-history museum that shows how life was in frontier America in the mid-1700s. "Reading about history can't compare to experiencing it for yourself," says Alice.
The experience begins as soon as visitors enter the fort. The smell of wood smoke fills the air. Women in petticoats (long skirts) and men in knee breeches(knee-length shorts) are busy with their chores. The guides show visitors how the settles would have carried out everyday work. "Kids are surprised when I tell them that one of their jobs would have been to make candles," says another guide, 16-year-old Jane. "They don't realize that kids back then had to work hard." She also shows visitors how to play with toys and games.
They are playing historical parts, so the guides can't wear shorts or T-shirts when the weather is hot. But the clothes of the past can easily change modern kids into people from 18th century. "The clothing felt strange at first, but it does make it easier to get into characters," says Jane.
Working at the fort has helped Jane to appreciate her life even more. Alice agrees, "The fort has taught me how hard life was and how much work there was every day. We are so lucky with everything we have now. Life wasn't always this easy."
,. (5,2,10)
The question is: Fort Delaware in New York is a  _  museum.
The possible answers are:
A:living-history
B:toy
C:candle
D:clothingMy name is Paul Miller. I was too fat before, but now I do not have this problem. My doctor tells me to jog . So early every morning I run for two miles before breakfast. I do not run fast, but I do not stop to rest.
People call me a jogger. There are many joggers on my street. We often run together in the park or along the road. Jogging helps to keep us strong and healthy.
Jogging is very popular in the United States. People like to feel well and look nice. Some people do not jog, but they do not get fat. They work hard on their jobs and they do not need to run before they go to work.
Do you want to jog? Go to your doctor first. Your doctor can tell you something about jogging. My doctor tells me to eat only three meals a day. I feel healthy and my doctor is happy because I jog every day and I do not eat anything before or after meals.
The question is: _   tells Paul Miller to jog.
The possible answers are:
A:No one
B:A PE teacher
C:A doctor
D:A joggerWang Guozhen,  a poet, died of cancer at the age of 59 0n April 26, 2015, one month before his latest book was to be published c), according to Beijing News.The poet's death has started heated discussions online.
He was a graduate of Jinan University in Guangzhou, where he majored  in literature. Wang began to write poems in 1985, when his works often appeared in news-papers and magazines.
His books sold so well in 1990 that the people in the publishing business called it"The year of Wang Guozhen". In the following ten years he had written over 50 books.His works such as Going the Distance and Beyond Yourself have influenced a large number of readers born in the 60s and 70s and some of his poems are still often quoted  by famous people and writers.
During a speech at the 2013 APEC CEO Summit in Indonesia, Chinese President Xi Jinping quoted a sentence from Wang's poem, saying "There is no mountain higher than man, and no road longer than his feet", which made Wang's works more popular.
"I was inspired by his poems and copied every sentence down on my notebooks, Wang Ling, a Sina wei bo user, wrote  "I still miss the time when I had the patience to read poems and really believed in the world built by his words.
The question is: Why did the people in the publishing business call 1990 "The year of Wang Guo zhen"?
The possible answers are:
A:Because his books sold so well in 1990.
B:Because he was the youngest writer in 1990.
C:Because he took part in the 1990 APEC CEO Summit
D:Because some of his poems are still often quoted by famous people.Paper was first made in the year 105. It was made by a Chinese named Cai Lun.
People in Japan learned of paper around the year 600. As years went by, people in other places began to make paper.
The lead  pencil is not made of lead. It is made of graphite . People found graphite in 1564. They thought it was a kind of lead. Today we still call pencils "lead pencils". The first pencils were made by putting strings  around sticks of graphite.
The first wooden pencils were made by Kasper Faber from Germany in 1761.
Erasers like those we use today were first made in France by a man named Magellan in 1752. It was Hyman L. Lipman who first put eraser on the ends of pencils. And that is how the pencils come to be.
The question is: Which of the following statements is NOT true?
The possible answers are:
A:Paper was first made in China.
B:Graphite isn't a kind of lead.
C:The first wooden pencils were made in Germany.
D:Hyman L. Lipman made the first erasers.If you have failed in the past to try to make big changes in life,try again now,one tiny step at a time.
Every year it's the same.As December comes to an end,you think about the new year and all the ways you want to improve your life. But as you start to write down your hopes for the new year,you think about the last year.You excitedly write down all the changes you are going to make,but by the end of January those ideas get lost in your busy life.
Here's a suggestion:Forget the too big,hard-to-achieve goals  and just think about the small ones."We often think that we have to do everything in big steps, even though it's so hard for us to reach it." said Robert Maurer,who recently wrote the book One Small Step Can Change Your Life."What we try to do is to begin with such a small step that we can't find any excuse not to do it."
"Kaizen",a Japanese word,is used to mean to change behavior and attitudes .During World War Il,American factory managers were able to increase productivity by trying small, continuous improvements instead of sudden changes.After the war,the idea was brought to a rebuilding Japan.It made Japan develop fast. The Japanese called it "kaizen", which means "improvement".
Maurer studied the idea and did some experiments with it. "Kaizen" could possibly help people succeed in doing everything
The question is: The writer of the passage suggests we should  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:make changes at the end of the year
B:do few experiments with "kaizen"
C:do things with hard-to-achieve goals
D:take a tiny step to achieve big goalsDo you know that a fast reader can get the ideas better than a slow reader can? Of course, you save time by reading fast, but this is not the main reason for fast reading. The main reason is that you understand better what you are reading when you read fast.
As your eyes move along the line of point, they make fixations   or pauses  . It is important that you see several words at a fixation. It is also important that your eyes leave a group. The numbers of letters or words that you see at a fixation are called your eye span  . Pay more attention to improving your rate of reading. With practice you can learn to read faster than you usually read.
The way in which you read always depends on   what you are reading and for what purpose. You should know the different ways of reading so that you can apply whatever method is necessary. Here are four ways of reading:
(1) Skimming is an important kind of reading. This method can be used when you wish to review something that you have forgotten. You can skim to get the main points.
(2) Rapid   first reading and then rereading certain parts carefully is important. You may use this type of reading to study a science lesson or a history lesson.
(3) You need to do careful reading and rereading sometimes. This type of reading is necessary for making an intensive   study of your school subjects, solving math problems or reading directions.
(4) Rapid reading is used when reading stories for enjoyment. You may also do rapid reading when reviewing materials that you already know well.
The question is: The way of reading always depends on   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:the method that you like
B:your reading material
C:your reading purpose
D:both B and CI am a Chinese boy. My name is Li Lei. I am twelve. My sister's name is Li Mei. She's Fourteen. Li Mei and I are students. We like school.   My mother is a teacher. She is a teacher of English. My father is a policeman. My young brother's name is Li Hong. He is only four. We all like him.
The question is: Li Lei's sister is  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:four
B:twelve
C:fourteen
D:elevenOne day a poor student walked in a town. He didn't have anything to eat for several days and he was very hungry. But when he saw a man selling steamed bread ( ), he let out a scream ( ) and fell ( ) to the ground. When the man asked the student what was the matter, the student answered, "I don't like steamed bread. Whenever   Isee them , I feel ill and can't eat ."
The man then wanted to play a joke on the student. He put ten steamed bread in a room and then put the student in it. After a short time, the man opened the door of the room. H e was surprised to find that the student ate all the steamed bread. The student explained, "For some strange reason, I suddenly find that I like steamed bread."
The man was angry that the student had fooled ( ) him. He asked what other things he did not like to eat. "Oh, I like everything," answered the student. "But at the moment I don't like to drink two cups of good strong tea!"
The question is: The man was surprised to find the student ate    _  steamed bread .
The possible answers are:
A:two
B:ten
C:five
D:sevenShenzhen is a city in South China.It is not very big, but it has attracted people of the whole country and the whole world as well.
Just about twenty years ago, it was only a small fishing village.There were not many people there. Most of them lived on fishing.Things have greatly changed since the 1980s.It became the first special economic zone  in China.
Because of the opening policy , economic changes between China and the outside world have increased greatly.People can come and go easily between Shenzhen and Hong Kong.Both foreigners and Chinese have built a lot of factories, companies and tourists' attractions there.People all over the country have come to find jobs.Many of them have settled down in this new booming  city.
Shenzhen is developing so fast that it has become a well-known metropolis  in China.
The question is: About twenty years ago most of the people in Shenzhen  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:worked in the factories
B:did housework
C:caught fish for a living
D:lived a happy lifeA large book NBA star Yao Ming's English autography will come out in New York, US , this month. It is called "Yao: A Life in Two Worlds." It talks about his first year in the NBA. Yao wrote it with a US report.
Alicia's Coming American singer Alicia Keys,23, will be in the "Wall of Hope" concert with other stars, on the Great Wall, in Beijing, on September 25. The R& B singer is a five-time Grammy winner.
Top singing award Taiwanese singer Jay Chou, 25, won Best Male singer at the Fourth Chinese Music Billboard Awards  , in Taipei, on Saturday.
Football winners the Chinese under-17 football team is No. 1 in Asia. They won the Asian U-17 Championship in Japan on Saturday. They beat the Democratic People's Republic of Korea  1-0. After 85 minutes, Wang Weilong shot the only goal. They took the cup for the first time in 12 years.
The question is: "Wall of Hope" concert   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:was given by Alicia
B:was given in America
C:was given by 23 stars
D:was given by Alicia and other stars"Cool" is a word with many meanings. Its old meaning is used to express a temperature that is a little bit cold. As the world changes, the word has many different meanings.
"Cool" can be used to _ feelings of interest in almost anything. When you see a famous car in the street, maybe you will say "It's cool." You may think, "He's so cool," when you see your favorite footballer.
We all maximize   the meaning of "cool". You can use it instead of many words such as "new" or "surprising". Here's an interesting story we can use to show the way the word is used. A teacher asked her students to write about the waterfall. On one student's paper was just the one sentence, "It's so cool". Maybe he thought it was the best way to show what he saw and felt.
But the story also shows a scarcity   of words, it seems that some people have no words to show the same meaning without "cool" . Can you think of many other words that make your life as colorful as the word "cool"?  Yes, I can. And I think they are also very cool.
The question is: If you are   _   something, you may say, "It's cool."
The possible answers are:
A:interested in
B:unhappy with
C:afraid of
D:sad about.A little girl walked to and from school every day.Though it was not fine and clouds appeared in the sky that morning, the little girl made her daily trip to school as usual. When school was over, winds became stronger and it began to rain.
The mother of the little girl felt worried that her daughter would be afraid when she walked home from school and that lightning  might make her child scared. Following the bright light of lightning, the mother quickly got into her car and drove to her child's school.
As the mother drove along the road, she saw her little girl walking alone in the rain. To her great surprise, she found that when a lightning came, her daughter stopped, looked up and smiled. Another lightning came and then another followed. With each lightning, the little girl stopped, looked up and smiled.
Inside the car, the motherasked her daughter, "What were you doing? Why did you look up and smile when the lightning came ?" The little girl answered with a smile, "Mum, you know, God was looking at me. Each time I felt a little afraid walking in the rain.God would take a picture of me. I knew he was playing a game with me''.
The question is: How did the little girl go to school every day?
The possible answers are:
A:By car.
B:On foot.
C:By bus.
D:By bike.Sam,
Thank you for asking me to play soccer with you. But I'm afraid I can't. I have a piano lesson on Tuesday. Maybe another time.
Nancy
Sandy,
Thank you very much for inviting me to your birthday party on Friday. I'd love to come, but I have to go to New York that day. It's very kind of you. I hope you have a happy birthday party.
Nancy
Lucy,
Thanks for your invitation. I'd love to go to your house for dinner on Thursday. But I have to get my things ready for travelling. How about coming to my house with Lily? My mother cooks fish very well. I think you'll like it. I hope to see you before I'm leaving.
Nancy
Rose,
Would you like to come to my house for dinner tonight? Many of our good friends will come.
Nancy
The question is: What does Nancy have to do on Thursday?
The possible answers are:
A:Get her things ready for travelling.
B:Cook fish for Lucy and Lily.
C:Play soccer with Sam.
D:Go to a birthday party.Do you like eating chocolate? Companies spend millions of dollars on tools and machines to make chocolate. With a little ingredients, however, you can turn your kitchen into a chocolate factory. Today we will teach the Cocoa Powder  Method , it is easier for beginners. Try it and make your own homemade chocolate.
Here are the ingredients   you need:
cocoa powder -- 2 cups (220g) ; butter -- 3/4 cup (170g); sugar -- 3/4 cup (100g); milk -- 2/3 cup (150ml); salt -- a little bit ; water -- 1 cup (235ml).
Now, please follow these steps. First, mix the cocoa powder and butter in a bowl until you have a smooth paste  . Then , add the cocoa powder mixture    to the hot water and stir . Allow the temperature to rise back up. Put the hot mixture into a bowl,  stir the sugar mixture into the hot cocoa mix. Add milk, stir until smooth. At last, put the mixture into different containers . The chocolate will take the shape of the container. You can put it in the fridge to harden it.
We hope you can enjoy your homemade chocolate.
The question is: What is NOT necessary when we are making chocolate?
The possible answers are:
A:cocoa power
B:salt
C:water
D:eggA short Chinese man seems to be the tallest in the world right now. Jack Ma(Ma Yun),50, is executive chairman of Alibaba Group, a business-to-business online platform. On Sept.19, Alibaba went public   on the New York Stock Exchange  , raising $25 billion through an IPO , the biggest in US history. Ma, a former English teacher, has become the richest man on the Chinese mainland.
Born in Hangzhou, Zhejiang, Ma grew up as a happy kid. At the age of 12, he wanted to learn English. Every morning, he woke up at 5 a.m, cycled 40 minutes to a hotel near the West Lake where he could chat to foreign tourists. He did it for nine years, rain or shine.
The experience made him a fluent English speaker and also opened his eyes to the wider world. In a 1995 trip to the US, Ma was showed the Internet for the first time. He searched Yahoo using the word "Beer", and found that there was nothing in there about China. Seeing the chance, Ma returned to China and set up a website called China Pages without even knowing much about computers.
Four years later, 18 people including Ma, his wife and his friends founded Alibaba in Hangzhou. He believed in the Internet business potential  when few other Chinese did. People called him "Crazy Jack Ma". But 15 years later, Alibaba has developed into the world's largest e-commerce company, owning popular shopping websites like Taobao and Tmall. It makes more profit online than Amazon and e-Bay combined.
No one thinks he's mad now. Ma's favorite line has been printed on Alibaba's souvenir T-shirts. It reads: "Everybody should have a dream. What if that dream comes true?"
The question is: The title of the passage can be "  _  "
The possible answers are:
A:Crazy Jack Ma
B:Alibaba's First IPO
C:The World's Largest E-commerce Company
D:The Internet Business Potentiallong ago people made fires from lightning .  But they had to keep the fire burning, for they couldn't start it again if there was no lightning. Later, they found out hitting two piece of stone together could make a spark  . The spark could fire dry leaves. In this way they could make the fire again if it went out. Then people also learned to make a fire by rubbing. They made a hole on a big piece of wood and put a smaller stick into the hole. They turned the stick again and again. After a few minutes they got a fire.
As years went by, people learned other ways to make a fire. Sometimes they used the heat from sun. they held a piece of glass in the right way and made a piece of paper on fire.
About two centuries ago, people began to make matches  . Matches brought people a quick and easy way to make fire. Today matches are still being used, but people have more new ways to make fires. One of them is to use an electric fire starter. Of course an electric fire starter is much more expensive than a box of matches. But it is more useful.
The question is: We can also get a fire by   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:making a hole on a big piece of wood
B:putting a smaller stick into the hole
C:turning the stick hard for a while
D:doing all the above togetherOur eating habits are very important for good health and a strong body. There are times when most of us would have sweet and ice-cream rather than eat meat and rice. Sweets and ice-cream are not bad for the stomach if we eat at the end of a meal. If we drink beer at meals, it may take away your appetite . It is important for us to eat our meal at the same time each day. When we feel hungry, it is a sign  that our body needs food. When we feel angry or excited, we may not want to eat.
A long time ago, in England, some judges  often decided whether a man was telling the truth by giving him some dry bread. If the man could not swallow the bread, it was a sign that he was not telling the truth. Although this seems very strange and rather foolish , it is really a good way of finding out the truth. A man who is worried has difficulty in swallowing anything dry. Because of his worriment, he loses his appetite and doesn't want to eat.
The question is: When do you think it is good to eat sweets and ice-cream according to the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:When we are happy.
B:When we have a good appetite.
C:After a meal.
D:Before a meal.November 9 is a time for us to learn a lot more about fire . This is what to do in a fire:
1.Shout out. Shout as loudly as you can, because people may be asleep.
2.Call 119. Never try to put out a fire yourself. Tell 119 where you are and what is on fire.
3.Keep down close to the floor. There is less smoke down there, so it's easier to breathe and see where you are going.
4.Test the door. If the door is cool, open it carefully. If the door is hot, do not open it! Try to find a different way out.
5.Get out. Do not stop to pick up anything. A fire can become very big in a few seconds!
6.Don't use the lift. Always use the stairs. The lift may go wrong and keep you inside.
7.Don't go back .Even if you have left your pet or favorite toy inside, do not go back for it. Animals have a very good sense of smell. They often get out of buildings before people.
The question is: How many things should we do according to the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:six
B:eight
C:seven
D:fiveI'm an English girl. My name is Rose White. I'm short but my hair is long. I have a round face and my mouth is small. Now I'm a student in No. 5 High School. I have a good friend. Her name is Liu Xing. We are in the same class. She is from China. She has big eyes. But her mouth is small.
,.
The question is: Rose White has a   _   face.
The possible answers are:
A:long
B:round
C:wide
D:shortMany people think that water will never be used up because there are many rivers and lakes. And the rain can make us get enough fresh water. Also, we can dig wells to find fresh water under the ground. In fact, it is wrong and dangerous to think so. In some areas, people fight for fresh water. There is little rain there all year round. Let's look around us. Some factories pour dirty water into rivers. And some people drop litter into rivers. We see polluted water here and there. We must do something to help people understand about preventing water from being polluted. It's never too late if we take action right now.
The question is: What do people fight for in some areas?
The possible answers are:
A:Fresh water.
B:Little rain.
C:Pouring dirty water.
D:Money.What is your favourite colour? Do you like yellow, orange, red? If you do, you must be an optimist , a leader, an active person who enjoys life, people and excitement. Do you prefer greys and blues? Then you are probably quiet, shy and you would rather follow than lead. If you love green, you are strong-minded and determined. You wish to succeed and want other people to see you are successful. At least this is what psychologists tell us, and they should know, because they have been seriously studying the meaning of colour preference, and the influence that colours have on human beings. They tell us that we don't choose our favourite colours as we grow up. If you happen to love brown, you did so as soon as you opened your eyes, or at least as soon as you could see clearly.
A yellow room makes us feel more cheerful and more comfortable than a dark green one, and a red dress brings warmth and cheer to the saddest winter day. On the other hand, black is depressing. Light and bright colours make people not only happier but more active. It is a fact that factory workers work better, harder, and have fewer accidents when their machines and painted orange rather than black or dark grey.
Remember, then, that if you feel low, you can always brighten your day or your life with a new shirt or a few colourful things. Remember also that you will know your friends and your enemies better when you find out what colours they like and dislike. And don't forget that anyone can guess a lot about your character when you choose a piece of handkerchief .
The question is: Psychologists study the meaning of color preference because   _   .
The possible answers are:
A:colors may affect the emotional states of the people
B:colors may decide the results of our work and study
C:color preference can tell you who your friends are
D:color preference can help you to see through your enemiesJim is my good friend. We are in the same school. He is an American. We are good friends. This is Jim's bedroom. It's not big, but new. A black desk is in the room. Some English books are on the desk. Jim's backpack is on it. The backpack is yellow, but old. What's under the red chair? It's a white cat. It's a Chinese cat. Its name is Mimi. Jim's father is in the living room. He is about fifty years old. Where is his mother? She is in the bedroom. She is a teacher.
The question is: The desk in the room is   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:black
B:white
C:blue
D:yellowOn the bus, on the subway, every head is lowered to a cell phone, iPad, or other digital device. But does this mean more and more people are getting into reading the digital way?
According to the National Reading Survey, before the 17thWorld Reading Day on April 23, only 1.2 percent of Chinese people said they read a lot. But 38.6 percent said they read on digital devices like cell phone and e-books. This is a 17.7 percent increase from 2010.
Many experts are talking about a trend toward fragmented reading --reading many short messages or items on a digital device like a cell phone instead of one long text in a book.
Zhao jianmin, a professor at Shanghai University, said fragmented reading was part of modern life. "The fast _ of life leaves many people no time to sit and read a whole book," he said. "So making use of fragmented time to read is sure to be a trend"
Fragmented reading has its advantages. People can enjoy large amounts of information, knowledge and entertainment in a short time. Digital reading is faster than traditional deep reading.
However, some experts fear the trend of digital reading will lead people to read in a simple way. Xu Guosheng, at a Chinese Academy of Press and Publication, says fragmented reading makes it harder for people to think more about what they read. He also warned fragmented reading could make people lazy about remembering facts because they know they can always just search for answers online.
"Fragmented reading is sometimes good, but don't let it take all your time," suggested Tian Zhilng, an editor. He said it was important to read quality books in a deeper way, and we should read for knowledge, for practical use and for pleasure. He suggested people choose easy books first, then move onto more difficult ones.
The question is: What can we learn from the article?
The possible answers are:
A:Chinese people read in a simple way these days.
B:Students should read more to get high marks.
C:Reading on a digital device is harmful to health.
D:People's reading habits are changing.My father was lame  and very short. I was very shy to be seen with my father when I was growing up. When we walked together, he used to put his hand on my arm for balance, and people would stop to watch us. So I didn't like to go out with him. Sometimes my mother left our town to see her sister, and I had to helphim instead of my mother. I didn't say much as we went along. As we started out, he always said, "You can walk fast. And I can keep up with you."
We usually walk to the subway, by which he went to work. He went to work though he was sick or it was bad weather. He almost never missed a day, and could get to the office on time even if others could not. When snow or ice was on the ground, it was impossible for him to walk even with other person's help. At such times my sister or I would pull him across the streets on a child's sleigh  to the subway entrance.
When I think of it now, I am surprised how much courage  he had to make his way to the office. I never heard my father _ it. Now he has been gone many years, but I think of him often. I really want to tell him how sorry I feel for it and how deeply I love him.
The question is: _   helped father go to work when it snows.
The possible answers are:
A:Only the writer himself
B:The writer and his mother together
C:Only the writer's sister
D:With the help of a sleigh, the writer or his sisterHave you ever been sad because you failed in something? If so, please remember, for often, achieving what you expect is not the most important thing. Here is a story to tell you why.
One day a little boy decided to dig a hole behind his house after watching a science program. As he was working, a couple of boys stopped by to watch. "What are you doing?" asked one of the visitors. "I want to dig a deep hole all the way through the earth!" the boy answered excitedly. The older boys began to laugh, telling him that it was impossible to do it. Then they left.
The little boy kept on digging and digging. Suddenly, a few small colorful stones caught his eyes. He collected them and put them into a glass jar   patiently. Humming   a song, he went on digging. The jar was full soon. Then he talked to himself calmly and proudly, "Maybe I can't finish digging all the way through the earth, but look at what I have found in the process   of digging!"
The boy's goal   was too difficult, but it did cause him to go on, in other words, to cause us to keep working!
Not every goal will be achieved. Not every job will end up with a success. Not every dream will come true. But when you can't achieve your goal, maybe you can say, "Yes, but look what I've found along the way! There are so many wonderful things that have come into my life because I tried to do something!" _ It is the unexpected joy on the journey that really has a meaning.
The question is: What did the boy do after watching a program?
The possible answers are:
A:He bought a glass jar.
B:He started to dig a hole.
C:He played with some visitors.
D:He went on watching the program.A father sat at his desk and looked at his bills when his young son rushed in and announced: "Dad, because today is your birthday and you're 40 years old, I'm going to give you 40 kisses, one for each year!" When the boy started making good on his word ( ) , the father shouted:  "Andrew, don't do it now. I'm too busy! "
The boy soon fell silent as tears fell from his big blue eyes. Feeling sorry, the father said: "You can finish later.  The boy said nothing but quietly walked away." That evening the father said:  "Come and finish the kisses now, Andrew!" But the boy didn't.
Unfortunately, a few days later after the father's birthday, the boy had an accident and died.  His sad father wrote: "If only(...,)I could tell him how sorry I am for my thoughtless words,  and how much my heart is hurting."
Love is a two-way street.  We must warmly accept any loving act,  or others will take it as a "NO" and it can leave a scar . If we don't receive love, our life will lose its true meaning.  Nothing is more important than accepting love from those who are near and dear to us .
,.
The question is: On his father's birthday, the boy wanted to  _
The possible answers are:
A:help pay the bills
B:have a talk with his father
C:buy his father a gift
D:give his father kissesIt's sometimes reported that strange objects have been seen high up in the sky. These unidentified  flying objects - UFOs have made a lot of people interested. Some of the reports about them are difficult to believe.Some have been explained in scientific ways, others have never been explained.
It is not easy to decide whether a report is true or not. One report of UFOs came from a British plane on its way from New York to London in 1954. The British plane was flying over an island at 19,000 feet when the captain noticed that something was on their left and a little lower than their plane. It's about five miles away.
"It was not one object but several," the captain said. "We saw one large and six smaller objects. I sent a radio to report about them and I received the answer that the other planes were coming out to meet us. Before the planes arrived, the smaller objects entered the big objects. The big object then became smaller and moved away fast."
The question is: How many objects did the captain see?
The possible answers are:
A:Only one.
B:Five
C:Six
D:SevenChinese writer Mo Yan has won the 2012 Nobel Prize in Literature . He is the first Chinese who lives and works in China to win the prize.
Mo Yan, the pen-name for Guan Moye, was bom in 1955 and grew up in Gaomi in Shandong province in eastern China. His parents were farmers. He left school to work at the age of 12, first on the farm, later in a factory. In 1976 he joined the PLA and during this time he began to study literature and writing. His first short story was published in 1981.
He has written many famous books about his childhood and his hometown. The novel Honggaoliang jiazu is one of them. It tells five stories that took place in Gaomi during the 1930s and 1940s. The book was published in 1987 and translated into English in 1993. It was made into a popular movie in 1987 by the well-known director Zhang Yimou.
Besides his novels, Mo Yan has published many short stories and essays . He is regarded as one of the greatest writers in China. Many of his books have been translated into English, French and many other languages.
The Nobel Prizes were set up by Alfred Nobel, a great Swedish inventor, in 1895. The winner will win a medal, a diploma  and a cash award of 8 million Swedish Kronor (about 7 million yuan).
The question is: When did Mo Yan leave school to work on the farm?
The possible answers are:
A:In 1955
B:In 1967
C:In 1976
D:In 1981Everybody wants to be healthy.You know food is very important.There is much healthy food.You can have more bananas,apples,oranges and tomatoes because fruit and vegetables are good for you.But don't eat too much chocolate.It's not healthy food.Healthy food can make you grow and make you strong and happy.Remember there is a saying,"An apple a day keeps a doctor away."Sports can also keep you healthy.Get up early and do some sports every day.Don't be lazy !You will be healthy and happy.
The question is: Why is healthy food good for you?  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:It makes you beautiful.
B:It makes you young.
C:It makes you tall.
D:It makes you grow and make you strong and happy.Michelle, a famous lady, has found that more than 25% students are too fat in her country. It is a very serious problem. So she starts a health program to deal with it. The health program is to reduce the amount of fat students today and in the future.
The program will get families, schools, newspapers, magazines and TVs to join together and deal with the students' obesity  so that students will be at a healthier weight. The program includes: Food stores should sell healthier foods. Schools should serve healthier meals with less fat and should also offer gym classes.
The lady is trying to fight the students' obesity all over the country because it can cause illnesses and higher health cost. She wants the students to eat right, exercise more and control their weight. She also wants the students to understand it is important to have less sweet food, and drink water, milk and fresh juices, but not to choose cokes. At the same time she has also set a good example by planting a vegetable garden. She hopes that the garden will encourage more people to plant one, too.
The health program is really helpful to the students today and in the future. As she says, we cannot always build the future for youth, but we can build our youth for the future.
The question is: In Michelle's country over  _  of the students are too fat.
The possible answers are:
A:75%
B:a quarter
C:a half
D:15%Dear Dr. Know
I am unhappy these days. I am a student in Grade 3 of a middle school. I want to be a policewoman in the future  . But my mother doesn't like the job. She always says it is too dangerous for a girl to work as a policewoman. She thinks girls should work in the office. She hopes that I can work as a doctor. But I really dislike being a doctor. It's terrible for me to work in the hospital. When I talk with her about it, she is often angry. She always thinks she is right. I don't know what to do. Can you help me?
Nancy, Chongqing
The question is: Why doesn't Nancy's mother like the job as a policewoman?
The possible answers are:
A:Because it's too busy.
B:Because it's too difficult.
C:Because it's too dangerous.
D:Because it's terrible.Nobody knows who invented the pencil or when it was invented. A Swiss  described a pencil in a book in 1565. He said it was a piece of wood with lead inside it . Pencils weren't popular, and people continued to write with pens. In 1795,someone started making pencils from graphite  and they became very popular. Today, people make pencils in the same way. They make the graphite into the shape of a stick, and then they put it inside a piece of wood. One pencil can make a line as long as 55 kilometers. When people first wrote with pens , they had to put the penpoint into ink after every few letters. Later someone invented a fountain pen  and this kind of pen could hold ink inside. A fountain pen can write several pages before you have to fill it again.
Two brothers, Ladislao and Georg Biro, invented the ballpoint pen that we use today. They left their country Hungary and started producing ballpoint pens in England in 1943 during World War II. Later, a French company called Bic bought the Biro's company. Someone calls ballpoint pens bics. Australians call them biros. Whatever we call them, we use them every day.
The question is: Who call ballpoint pens biros?
The possible answers are:
A:Americans.
B:Englishmen
C:Australians.
D:Frenchmen.My name is Lisa.I have a bird.She is white.So I call her Xiaobai.Xiaobai is only two years old.She's not big.But she is beautiful and clever.She can speak.
One day I go shopping with my sister Gina and Xiaobai.At Green Clothes Store Gina sees a red skirt and says, "Look! Lisa! That red skirt is very beautiful." Xiaobai answers her instead of   me, "No.I think you look nice in that green skirt." Gina says, "OK.I listen to you." Then she asks the shop assistant, "How much is the green one?" The shop assistant looks at Xiaobai, opens her mouth   but says nothing.At last she says to Gina, "I never see a bird that can speak these words.It's great! You can take this green skirt.Oh, you don't need to pay for  it."
Gina is very happy.She asks me and my bird to have a big lunch in Leo's Restaurant and then we go home.
The question is: Xiaobai is   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:Lisa's sister
B:Lisa's cousin
C:a bird
D:a dogIt's Sunday. Mike does not go to school. But he is not at home. He is now sitting on a bus. He is going shopping.
An old woman gets on the bus. Mike stands up and says to her,"Come and sit here, please."The old woman goes over and sits down. She says,"Thank you very much, dear little boy."
The bus stops near the shop. Mike says"Goodbye"to the old woman and gets off the bus. The old woman smiles and says"Goodbye"to him, too.
The question is: Mike gives his seat to   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:a young man
B:a little boy
C:an old woman
D:an old manWhen I spent Christmas away from home in Europe for the first time, I was only 14 and it was absolutely terrible. I am now married and live in the US. So there is little possibility for me to go home for Christmas. Now I am able to get through Christmas with some moments of joy:
First, you are advised to search your area for stores that carry items from your home country or town. Buy food, candles and some other things that mean something to you.
Hold on to the traditions from your home that you think are important even if other people think they are stupid. But keep in mind to be open for new traditions from wherever you might be, because those traditions are as important to those people around you as yours are to you. For me that includes celebrating Christmas on the 24th.
Call, write Christmas cards, buy gifts and mail them to loved ones, just as if you were there. If you try to pretend   as if the holiday doesn't exist, you are just going to make it worse.
Introduce your traditions to your loved ones, especially your kids. It will only enrich their celebration of the holiday to have some unique   traditions in their home. Little by little it will become their tradition and it's fun for them to try something new.
Find clubs, churches or organizations that are from your home country. Chances are that they will have some celebration with some of your traditions which you can join in.
Food is one of the most important factors in any kind of tradition. Find the recipe   of that cake your grandmother used and make it your tradition to bake that particular cake.
Call up your parents and get them to send you some of your favorite childhood ornaments   for your tree.
Pay attention to new traditions, talk to your family about which ones you want to make your own and stick with them.
If you are far away from home, Christmas can never be the same as you experienced it before, but it is important to remember these traditions while appreciating the new ones. Keep an open mind and find a compromise between old and new traditions.
The question is: The author spent his 14th Christmas   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:unpleasantly in the US
B:joyfully in the US
C:unpleasantly in Europe
D:joyfully in EuropeHello! Nice to meet you. Now let me introduce myself   to you. My name is Mary. I'm 12 years old. I'm from Canada and I speak English. I'm a tall girl. I have long brown hair and big blue eyes. I like _ a lot. I often sing songs with my friends in my free time. I have a happy family. There are four people in my family. They are my mom, my dad, my sister and me. I like China very much and I want to visit Beijing, but I can't speak Chinese at all.
I hope   to be your friend, then we can help each other with English and Chinese.
,.
The question is: Mary comes from   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:America
B:Canada
C:England
D:ChinaIt is easier to go down a hill than to climb up a hill, so it is to fall into bad habit than into good ones.
Bad habits do not come suddenly. They come little by little while people do not notice their danger. Some schoolboys first pick up bad habits in school and on the streets. When they cannot finish their lessons, they copy from their classmates. If they see bigger boys smoking, they also want to learn to smoke. When they are older, the habits become so strong that they can never get rid of them. From copying, they fall behind, then learn to steal, and smoking is bad for their health. At last they become worse and worse.
How necessary it is that we get rid of the bad habits at the very beginning.
The question is: " get rid of " here means   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:put on
B:ring up
C:pick up
D:give upMaybe you are an average   student. You probably think you will never be a top student  . However, anyone can become a better student if he or she does his or her best. Here are some tips   to help you.
Plan your time carefully. You should plan your time for such things as eating, sleeping and dressing. Then make a good, regular time for studying. But don't forget to set enough time for entertainment .
Keep your _ quiet and clean. The study should have a desk, a chair and some study materials , but no games, no radio and no television ! When you sit down to study, you can put your heart into it. Make good use of your time.
Listen to everything that the teacher says. Listening carefully in class means less work later. Taking notes will help you remember what the teacher says.
After you get home from school, go over  your notes . Review  the important points. If you know what your teacher is going to discuss next day, read the material. It will help you study better.
Develop  a good attitude   to tests . The purpose  of a test is to show what you have learned about a subject . It helps you know what you are not good at. The world will still go on even if you fail   in a test , so don't be too worried .
The question is: Which of the following is NOT true?
The possible answers are:
A:The test is the most important for a student.
B:After class, you should review what you have learned.
C:You should listen to your teacher and take notes carefully in class.
D:When you plan your time, you should think of the time for eating, sleeping and so on.Do you like Pleasant Goat and Big Big Wolf ? It's an interesting cartoon movie. Do you want to know what they do in their village every day?
I'm Nuan Yangyang. On school days, I always go to school at 8:00 in the morning. Then I go home at four fifteen in the afternoon. Then I do my homework at 5:00 in the afternoon. I have no
homework on weekends.
I'm Fei Yangyang. I want to be healthy, so I always get up at six o'clock in the morning. And I run to a sports club to play sports at 8:15 in the morning. Then I play games with my friends and get home at three o'clock in the afternoon.
I'm Lan Yangyang. I love eating and sleeping. And I don't like doing sports. I have meals at
home but I never wash the dishes .
I'm Mei Yangyang. I am a pretty girl. I like going to clothes stores. The clothes there are nice, so I often buy nice skirts there. I go to a singing club on weekends.
I'm Xi Yangyang. I like helping others. So I usually take the bus to the English club at ten
thirteen in the morning. There I help two kids learn to speak English.
The question is: Mei Yangyang go to a   _   club on weekends.
The possible answers are:
A:singing
B:English
C:sports
D:soccerDo you know Fei Junlong and Nie Haisheng? Fei Junlong was born in 1965. He is a Chinese astronaut selected as a member of the Shenzhou program. He was born in Jiangsu and joined the People's Liberation Army Air Force in 1982 at the age of 17. And since then he has only returned home six times. As a fighter pilot , he was selected to an astronaut in 1998.
He married Wang Jie in 1991 and has one son.
Nie Haisheng was born in September 1964. He is also a Chinese astronaut selected for the Shenzhou program. He is from Hubei. After graduating from high school he joined the People's Liberation Army Air Force, and became a fighter pilot. In 1998 he was selected for the astronaut program.
He was one of the three astronauts who were in the final group to train for the Shenzhou 5 fight. Yang Liwei was also picked out for the flight, with Zhai Ahigang.
On September 23,2005 it was reported that Zhai and Nie would be one of the three pairs of astronauts who would be in the final training for Shenzhou 6. But in the end, Fei and Nie were chosen, and Zhai missed his chance to space again.
Nie Haisheng got married to Nie Jielin and has an 11-year-old daughter.
The question is: How many times has Fei Junlong returned home since he left at the age of 17?
The possible answers are:
A:Three times.
B:Four times.
C:Six times.
D:Eight times.What do you like? Different people like different things. Some people like loud music, other people don't. They think it is too noisy. They like soft music. Many people like sports, but they do not like the same sports.
In some countries, cricket  is a very popular sport. In others, it is not popular at all. No one plays it and few people watch it on TV. The World Cup is very popular. Millions of people watch the games on TV. Some people don't like doing sports. They just like to watch other people playing.
Different people like different foods. Some people do not like meat. They eat most kinds of fruits and vegetables. Some people do not like potatoes and bread. They prefer rice or corn.
Not everyone like the same colors. Most people have a favorite color. Some people like bright colors. Others prefer pale colors. The world is an interesting place because we all like different things.
The question is: What's the main idea of this passage?
The possible answers are:
A:People all like the same things.
B:Different people like the same things
C:People all like different sports
D:Different people like different things"Sometimes you just get a strict teacher.Instead of letting others know that this isn't your favorite class.Make an effort to show your teacher you are doing your best."
jocelyn Howard,16
"Learn to put your activities in order of importance.School comes first,and if you just study as soon as you get home,it's OK.You can also relax and play computers or do the other things you enjoy.But don't settle for just _ .Try hard! And don't be afraid to get help from teachers."
April Madlangbanyan,17
"If you have trouble getting along with a specific teacher,pray about it.Ask God to help you see that teacher through HIS EYES,not your own.And talk with that teacher.Good communication can strengthen any relationship-even with a hard-to-get-along-with teacher."
Lisa Shaw, 21
"Being a good student means being organized.Remember to bring all your supplies, everything-to each class every day.Make sure that you'll never skip class.And when you're in class,really pay attention! Don't let yourself daydream or write notes to friends.Completing your homework on time is also important."
Victoria Walsh.16
"When you're having trouble getting along with a certain teacher,stay calm! You may not agree with him or her,but you've got to remember the teacher is the authority  figure.So make sure that you're respectful and open-minded.Ask for a specific time the two of you can talk.Explain yourself and address problem,not the teacher."
----Amanda Baken,18
"Being a good student means studying often,not just cramming before a test.Identify your weak areas.For example,maybe you don't have good reading skills or it's hard for you to take notes.Once you identify what your weakness is,ask for help in these specific areas.Be willing to go in early or stay after school to get extra help.Go into the school year knowing that being a good student will require time and effort!"
Tiffany Irving,20
The question is: "Being a good student means being organized."Victoria Walsh means   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:sleeping all the time in your class
B:not finishing your homework on time
C:writing notes to your best friends in your class
D:bringing all your study things to each class,not escaping from class,listening carefully in classIn America, street dancing is a great outdoor sport for young people to do with a group of friends. Many people bring their radios out onto the streets, and then wait for others to join in.
Step 1
Wear comfortable clothes. Also wear comfortable running shoes that allow   you to jump easily. Dancing needs a lot of _ so it is smart to take care of your feet.
Step 2
Get some music that you can dance to and bring a radio or a CD player.
Step 3
Invite some friends to street dance. Put some music on and start dancing to it. Use your feet as much as possible and make quick movements.
Step4
Put your arms up to the right, and then move them quickly to the left while turning your body. This will make others start street dancing.
Step5
Try different movements if possible. Street dancing is all about free-style dancing. You can enjoy yourself while getting exercise by street dancing.
The question is: The best title for the passage may be  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:How to street dance
B:Young people and street dancing
C:How many steps for street dancing
D:Street dancing in AmericaIt is reported that some developed countries have shipped broken parts of computers to China. Such a thing can be founded every day although it is against international laws. Last month Hong Kong officers found 131,000 kilograms of broken computers, TVs and phones sent from Japan.
Things like these are called electronic waste, or e-waste. Dealing with them is not an easy job because dangerous poison like mercury  and lead   can be found in them. Every time an old computer breaks down, it needs to be dealt with safely. But at present, broken computer parts are usually _ . It may be hundreds of years before they are really goes in the earth.
Many places in China are polluted by e-waste. Guiyu in Guangdong province is one of them. This town is named as "the e-waste capital of the world". It has to deal with 1.5 million kilograms of e-waste each year, from which it makes 75 million years. But it comes at a cost. Many of the poison in e-waste find their way into the environment. Plastic is burned outdoors and chemical water is poured into rivers, Greenpeace, an environmental group, has found the air, the earth and the rivers in Guiyu badly polluted.
The Chinese government wants the country to develop, but in a way that doesn't do harm to the environment and people's life. This year, China presents a new protection law, the strictest one we have ever had. Computer companies like Lenovo and Dell will be asked to take back their old computers. This is because the companies that make computers know best to deal with them safely. Hopefully, the problem with e-waste will be solved in the near future.
The question is: The passage is mainly about   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:the way in dealing with e-waste
B:the cost of burning e-waste
C:the e-waste problem in China
D:the need to pass a law against e-wasteBooks, which give instructions on how to do things, are very popular in the USA today. A lot of books like these begin with titles that start with the words "how to". Many "how to" books give advice on careers. They tell you how to choose a career and how to succeed in it. If you would like to become very rich, you can buy a book How to Make a Million. If you never make any money, you need a book called How to Live on Nothing.
One of the most popular kinds of books is one that helps you with personal problems. If you are unhappy with your life, you can read How to love Every Minute of Your life. If you are tired of books on happiness, you may prefer a book called How to Make Yourself Sad.. Many of these books help people use their free time better. Some people want books which will give them useful information about sports, hobbies and travels.
Other people use their free time to make repairs and improvements in their homes. They like books which give step-by-step instructions on how to repair things like electrical writing, or how to decorate a house or make it larger.
Why have "how to" books become so popular ? Maybe because life has become so popular. Maybe because life has become so complex. Today people have far more free time to use , more choices to make, and more problems to solve. "How to" books help people deal with modern life.       ,.
The question is: Why are so many people interested in these books beginning with titles "How to . . ." ?
The possible answers are:
A:Because life has become so difficult.
B:Because people haven't much free time to use.
C:Because people have more money on books.
D:Because people want to deal with all kinds of problems well.Even if you are naturally shy, these three tricks will help you to quickly build a new social circle in any new city.
1. Take pictures
One of the great things about taking pictures at an event or a party is that it gives you an excuse to get in touch with the person later. Everybody loves seeing pictures of themselves, and it's very easy after taking a picture to say "If you'd like I can email it to you". This can be the seed that leads to new connections.
2. Eat alone in public
You might feel self-conscious eating by yourself but it has an important benefit: you are much easier to approach  when you are alone. People may be afraid of disturbing you or being rude if you talk with someone else. Bring a book or newspaper to read. Plus, having an interesting book with you will give others an excuse tostart a conversation if they've read it.
3. Join a class, sports team, or club
Yoga, salsa dancing, volleyball, Toastmasters (a public speaking club), a class for work, etc. Choose a new hobby or continue an old one!
These are all great places to meet new people, primarily because you will be made to see the same people over and over again in the class. You will automatically make friends with them if you have a common interest and are made to see each other again.
The question is: The writer wants to tell you   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:how to make as many friends as you can
B:how to make friends in a new city quickly
C:how to build a social circle
D:how to start a conversation with othersIn America, people change jobs ten times during their lives. They change their homes eleven times. Americans like change because they think it _ their lives.
In China, some people, of course, don't like change. They want life to be predictable . They want to do the same things every day and to see the same people every day. When something changes, it makes them feel uncomfortable, like a child who can't go to sleep unless all his toys are in their proper places.
But can't you see there are many changes in China? People are healthier and they are living longer. People have more money, more food and they are better educated .
Without change, our lives would be very boring. It would be like listening to the same song over and over again. Change is a big part of life and we all change in small ways every day --the young get stronger, the old get weaker; we meet new friends; we find new interests. Change is good for China and it will be good for you, too.
The question is: The best title  for the passage is   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:Change Is Good
B:Americans Like Change
C:Chinese Like Change
D:Chinese Dislike ChangeHere are my three photos.
This is my friend, Wu Huan. She is a good girl. She is 11 years old. She is in ChongQing with her family. She likes vegetables and chicken. She doesn't like ice cream or strawberries.
This is me. My name is Chen Ming. I am 12 years old. I am a middle school student in Suzhou. I like eating fruit and vegetables. But I don't like eggs or carrots.
This is my friend, too. His name is Doudou. He is in Suzhou with me. He likes bones . He doesn't like broccoli. He likes playing with balls. He is a nice dog!
The question is: Where is Wu Huan?
The possible answers are:
A:In Chong Qing.
B:In Suzhou.
C:In Hangzhou.
D:In Wuhan.Liu Hong is from China. She is a nice girl. Her eyes are big and her mouth is small. She has a big family . Her father   is Liu Jie. And her mother's  name is Deng Hua. They are very nice. Liu Hong has a sister and brother(,). Her sister is Liu Hui, and her brother is Liu Bin. Liu Hui has long hair and a round face. But Liu Bin has short curly hair and a long face. They are students.
, .
The question is: How many people are there in Liu Hong's family?
The possible answers are:
A:Three
B:Four
C:Five
D:SixMount Kilimanjaro is the highest mountain in Africa and one of the largest free-standing mountains in the world, and some say, the most beautiful place on the earth!
The mountain towers 15,000 feet above the plains. Mount Kilimanjaro is in Tanzania and it covers an area of 60 miles long and 40 miles wide. Kilimanjaro is an extinct volcano , with 3 peaks. Kibo is the highest one in the center.
Because of Kilimanjaro's great height, the mountain influences its own weather. Winds incoming from the Indian Ocean are stopped upward by the mountain and drop their moisture  as rain and snow. People have planted coffee, corn, and other crops on the lower slopes .
Mount Kilimanjaro now attracts many thousands of walkers each year. Because of a temperature rise in recent years, the beautiful snow cap of Kilimanjaro is retreating fast. A research said that the white snow on the mountain might be gone in 15 years. What a pity!
The question is: Mount Kilimanjaro is   _
The possible answers are:
A:the highest mountain in the world
B:an active volcano
C:a free-standing mountain
D:15,000 feet above the sea levelA recent report  from Fuzhou Daily says about 18% of Fuzhou teenagers  can have problems with their minds(,).Some students become worried because they have to study very hard. Others have trouble getting on well with people like their parents and classmates.
Zhang Qiong, a junior 2 student from Fuzhou, could not understand his teachers in class and was doing badly in his lessons. He was afraid of exams. When he looked at the exam paper, he couldn't think of anything to write. Another student, a15-year-old girl called Wu Yuan from Xiamen often argued ( ) with herclassmates even her parents because of some difficult ideas. She became so angry with them that she started to cut her finger with a knife.
However, many students who have problems won't go for advice or help. Some think they will look stupid if they go to see a doctor.  Others don't want to talk about their secrets. here is some advice for the teenagers to solve the problems: Firstly, talk to your parents or teachers often. Secondly, take part in group activities and do sports. Thirdly, go to see a doctor if you feel unhappy or unwell.
The question is: From the passage we know teenagers have problems with their  _  minds because of.
The possible answers are:
A:their study
B:difficulty getting on well with other people
C:their hobbies
D:A and BJack Johnson is one of the most popular singer-songwriters in the world. Jack was born on May 18, 1975 in Hawaii. Being the son of a famous surfer, Jack naturally has an interest in surfing. Most of his life lessons were learned in the water. At the age of 17, Jack entered the finals of the Pineline Masters---the world's most famous surfing competition. Everyone thought Jack would become a professional surfer like his father. Unluckily, one month later, he had a deadly accident while surfing and was seriously hurt.
Life is like a revolving   door. When it closes, it also opens. Jack started to practice playing the guitar and write songs when he was staying in hospital. At first, his father thought Jack only did it for fun, but soon he was surprised at the great progress his son had made.
When studying in the university, Jack didn't stop practicing his guitar skills. He played the guitar for school parties. He wrote songs and sang for his teachers and friends. They liked his songs. His first music album Brushfire Fairytalescame out in 2001. It was a great success. His second album,On and On, was much like his first one. They were filled with sweet, easy-going songs that everybody liked listening to. Later, Jack had lots of concerts in and out of America. He became popular all over the world.
Jack had five albums by 2010 and more than 15 million copies of them were sold. His music doesn't fit into any of the popular music styles like pop, rock, R&B or hip-hop. It is more like fold music, played with a guitar and beautiful voice. When listening to his songs, you feel like lying on the beach enjoying the warm sunshine.
Jack is a talent, though he himself says he is only a surfer who loves music. In his songs we can find his secret of success: Whatever happens in our lives, we have to accept it and do the best we can.
The question is: Jack started to write songs   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:while he was staying in hospital
B:when he had concerts out of America
C:after his second album came out
D:after he played the guitar at the school party.People sometimes like to read stories of dogs very much. They think that dogs are much cleverer than cats, sheep, cows or other animals in their homes.
One of my best friends, Bob, has a dog named Jack. Every Sunday afternoon, Bob and Jack have a walk in the park nearby. Jack likes these walks very much. One Sunday afternoon, I stayed in Bob's home for a long time and we talked happily. Soon it was time for them to take a walk in the park. Jack was worried about it. He walked around the room several times and then sat down in front of me and looked at me. But I still paid no attention   to him. I went on talking with my friend. At last, Jack could not wait any longer. He went out of the room and came back a few minutes later. He sat down in front of me again. But this time, he held my hat in his mouth. Suddenly, I understood what Jack meant.
The question is: Jack was worried because  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:he wanted to eat something
B:it was Sunday afternoon again
C:he was not feeling well
D:he wanted his master   to take him for a walkIf you often feel tired and the doctor can't find anything wrong with you, you may be in a state of subhealth . Subhealth is a state between health and illness. Most of the subhealthy people are middle-aged ones who are usually stressed out because of work and family. And some of them are students who are having exams.
If you are subhealthy, it is not difficult for you to become well soon. You should have good living habits. For example, you should get up early and go to bed early. And you should exercise regularly . Exercising can keep you healthy. As for meals, it is better to eat less salt and sugar. Vegetables, fruit and fish are important to your body. You should eat more of them. It is not good to eat too much at one meal, because it may cause unhealthy changes in the digestive tract . And at last, a balanced diet is very helpful in staying away from subhealth.
The question is: According to the passage, who will probably  be subhealthy?
The possible answers are:
A:Teachers and students
B:Parents and children
C:Middle-aged people and students
D:The young and the oldDelia was a young pianist. Her husband, Joe, was a young artist.
Each of them was taking lessons: Joe with a famous art teacher, and Delia with a great pianist from Germany. Their teachers were the very best, so lessons were expensive, more than they could really afford, but...when you love your art, nothing is too much.
But soon the money began to run out, and they couldn't afford the lessons any more.
Then one day Delia came back home and told Joe that she had met a man whose daughter, Sally, wanted to learn the piano, and he was going to pay her $ 50 an hour.
"Delia," Joe said, "I'll be much happier if you keep up your lessons," Delia said it didn't matter. "When I've had some money, I'll continue." But Joe also decided to stop his lessons, to draw pictures and sell them.
A few days later, Joe came home and proudly took $ 200 from his pocket. "I met a man from Vermont," he said, "who bought one of my pictures. And he wants to buy more!"
 _ .They didn't have to worry any more about money.
Then, one day, Joe came home and saw that Delia's hand was wrapped in a bandage . He asked her what had happened. "Oh," said Delia. "My student, Sally, asked me to make some coffee for her. I dropped the coffee and burned my hand. Sally went straight to the drugstore and got this bandage for me. "
"Delia, what have you been doing the last two weeks?" Joe asked. She tried not to tell him, but the tears came. "Oh Joe, I couldn't get any students, so I worked as a waitress in a restaurant. Today, I burned my hand with hot water. So I can't work any more. But we'll still have money from the man in Vermont, won't we?"
Joe looked at her. "There's no man in Vermont, " he said. "I've been working in a drugstore, and today someone came in to buy bandages for a woman who's burned her hand. So when I saw you, well, I guessed."
They both laughed.
[A story by O. Henry--adapted ]
The question is: Both of them laughed in the end because   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:they would go on with their lessons soon
B:they had both told lies to make the other happy
C:they didn't have to worry about money any more
D:they thought they had done something meaninglessMy name is Zhang Lin. Today is my birthday. I am nine years old. Mom and Dad get a big cake for me. I like it very much. It is on the table now. There are some other things on the table, too. Such as apples, oranges, juice, chicken and some fish. I'm thirsty  now. I want a bottle of orange juice. My friends Li Fan and Bing Jie are coming.
They are knocking  at the door. I have no time to drink. I must open the door now.
The question is: Zhang Lin is   _   now.
The possible answers are:
A:hungry
B:thirsty
C:full
D:happyWei Hua had a busy day yesterday. She got up before 7 o'clock in the morning, and quickly washed her hands and face. She got to school early. She had a little rest after lunch, but worked hard in class all day. She played basketball after school, and then she walked home.
Wei Hua's pen was broken, so she needed a new one. On her way home she bought a new pen at a shop. When she reached home, she had a short rest and a glass of water. After that she helped her parents. She quickly cooked the supper, and cleaned the house.
She watched TV for half an hour after supper. Then she started her homework. She finished it at half past nine. She went to bed before a quarter to ten.
The question is: She finished her homework   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:at 9:30
B:at 9:00
C:at 10:00
D:at 10:30Qi Haoran, a Junior One student, was quite busy over the past winter vacation - and not just with homework.Qi, together with 10 other classmates made a volunteer group to call on people to join the Clean Your Plate Campaign  .
The 11 students went to many restaurants and told people the importance of saving food. "Excuse me, do you know that 950 million people around the world still haven't got enough to eat? Could you please not waste food?" They would say this kind of thing hundreds of times every day.
The Clean Your Plate Campaign began on the Internet in January.It _ people to reduce food waste.
China in these years had serious problems with wasted food.CCTV reported in January that the food Chinese people waste every year is enough to feed 200 million people for a year.
Chinese people are well known for being hospitable   and generous.Many even feel that they lose face if their guests have eaten all their food.
Luckily the campaign has got the support of many.In a restaurant in Xinjiang, the owner gives the guests who have eaten up all that they ordered a sticker.People can enjoy a free meal when they have 10 stickers.More than 750 restaurants in Beijing have begun to offer smaller dishes and encourage their guests to take leftovers  home.
To reduce food waste is a big task, and it needs time.It's important that everyone does their bit, just like Qi.Did you finish your meals today?
The question is: What did the restaurant in Beijing do to support the campaign?
The possible answers are:
A:It encouraged customers to take leftovers home.
B:It gave stickers to the guests who ordered small dishes.
C:The owner would have dinner with those who had eaten up their food.
D:It offered a free meal to the guests who had finished all their food ten times.The National Football League (NFL) is a professional American football league with 32 teams in. How does one choose which team to support? Some people choose the team of their hometown, or where they now live, or the team that their parents or their friends follow.[:ZXXK]
A boy student from Oklahoma wrote a letter to each of the owners or presidents of the 32 NFL teams. He would see what answers he got, and then choose his team.
Bill was home from school sick. It was the week before Christmas. He was "kind of bored" and needed something to do. So he asked his parents if he could write to every professional football team. Bill wrote the 32 letters by hand.
"We weren't quite sure what we could get back. He didn't really have one team that he wanted to hear from," his mother said: "He just wanted to see what kind of reply he' d get."
A letter to the Carolina Panthers' owner Jerry Richardson was one of those posted. Bill wrote in his letter, "My family and I love football. They are fans of different teams.But I don't have a team to cheer for yet. I am ready to pick an NFL team to cheer on for lifetime!"
A few weeks later, Bill's mother was pulling into her driveway when a delivery man arrived with a box from the Panthers. When Bill came home, he excitedly opened the box. Inside he found a signed Carolina Panthers helmet as well as a handwritten note from Jerry.
The team owner had written to Bill, "We should be honored if our Carolina Panthers became your team. We would make you proud of your joining us."
Bill was overjoyed with what he got. He decided that from then on he would support the Panthers. He keeps the letter from Jerry in his bedroom. His mother says, "It's not the helmet they sent us. It's what they told us." That is what mattered to Bill and why he chose to become a Panthers' fan.
The question is: The result of Bill's letter to the Panthers was that  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:his mother kept the reply from him
B:he got many helmets from 32 teams
C:each team wanted him to be its player
D:he became a fan of the Carolina PanthersNew rules and behavior standards for the middle school students came out. Middle schools are going to use a new way to decide who the top students are. The following are some of the new rules.
You should not be allowed to dye your hair, smoke or drink. You should not copy others' work in an exam. Don't do it again if you did it!
Good students love animals and care for other people. Being kind to animals is being kind to ourselves. Be friendly to the people around you. Try to think of others, not only yourself.
Don't look down on new ideas. Everyone's ideas are important. You should welcome them, because new ideas make life better for everyone.
Learn to protect yourselves. If you have to go home late, you should let your mother or your father know.
Use the Internet carefully. The Internet can be very useful for our studies. But some things on the Internet aren't good for teenagers, so try to look at web pages that are good for you.
The question is: According to the passage, which of the following is NOT true?
The possible answers are:
A:It's not polite to dye hair for everyone
B:Don't copy others' work in an exam
C:Be kind to others and try to think of others
D:Don't look down on new ideasWe always use body language in our daily life. When we have a talk with someone, we may use more body language than words. However, the same body language may mean different things in different countries. That's why people sometimes do not understand each other correctly. Pointing to one part of the body can mean differently in different cultures. For example, in the USA people point to their heads when they think someone is clever. However, in Europe it means "He or she is stupid or something is wrong with his or her head" .In China, nodding heads means "Yes" and shaking heads means "No". However, in parts of Greece and Turkey, they mean just the opposite. In England or the USA, when you raise your hand and make a circle with the thumb  and the second finger, it means "Everything is OK." However, if you do this in France or Belgium, it means "You're worth zero." In Greece or Turkey, you should not make this gesture, or you are thought to be very rude.
The meaning of gestures can also change over time. In the 1960s, the V sign meant "peace". However, during World War II, it meant "victory". In Greece, it is a very insulting  sign.
Though the meaning of body language is different, there are some expressions having the same meaning throughout the world.
The question is: In England, if people point to their heads, it means they think someone is   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:clever
B:stupid
C:beautiful
D:angryMary is an American girl. She is now in Beijing with her parents. Mary doesn't know much Chinese, but she is studying it. She often speaks Chinese with her Chinese friends. Sometimes they can't understand her, because she can't speak Chinese very well.
It's Saturday morning. She goes out. She is walking in the street. She wants to go to the zoo to see the elephants and monkeys, but she doesn't know how to get there. She asks a Chinese boy the way. The boy can't understand her. Then she takes out a pen and a piece of paper. She draws an elephant on it, and shows the picture to the boy. The boy understands, and shows her the way to the zoo.
The question is: Mary doesn't know how to get to  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:the zoo
B:the park
C:her home
D:her schoolPeople usually hate mice, but one mouse has won the hearts of the people all over the world---the famous Mickey Mouse.
Fifty years ago most movies were silent. A man called Walt Disney made a cartoon mouse that could talk his movies. He named his mouse Mickey Mouse. People, both young and old, were very excited at the talking mouse. Children loved to see their friend, because he brought joy and laughter to them.
Mickey was a clean mouse right from the beginning. Perhaps this is one reason why people hate real mice and love Mickey Mouse. In his early life Mickey made some mistakes. People were angry. They wrote to Disney and said that they did not want Mickey to do silly things. So Disney made a new animal named Donald Duck. He also made a dog called Pluto. This dog does stupid things and makes mistakes wherever he goes. Now our Mickey Mouse is not only clean but also important. He appears as a beautiful and clever star. He has his friends in almost every country.
The question is: Mickey Mouse has his friends  _  today.
The possible answers are:
A:all over the world
B:in China
C:in the United Nations
D:in the United StatesMy name is Mike. I have a big family. It's Saturday morning. My grandfather is sitting on the sofa near the window. He is reading the newspaper. My grandmother is taking photos of some flowers in the garden near the house. My father is watching sports games on TV in his bedroom. Basketball games are his favorite but he can't play basketball. Where are my two sisters? Oh, look! Lily is over there. She is listening to music. She likes music very much. Lucy is in her room. There is a computer in her room. She is surfing the Internet . She is writing an e-mail to her friend. What am I doing? I am doing my homework. Do you know who is cooking?
The question is: What is Mike's grandfather doing?
The possible answers are:
A:He is doing housework.
B:He is reading the newspaper.
C:He is watching TV.
D:He is taking photos.Choose the best answer (,)
Suppose you are 17 and live alone with no money. Years ago, that was my dad. His father died when he was 10, and as the oldest of five, he had to take care of his brothers and sisters. When his mother remarried, my dad had to leave home. With few choices, he joined the army, and worked as hard as he could for a job, a nice house, and a family. Having a dad like him has made me different from other people; with his help and advice, I set and meet my goals.
When I wanted to play basketball, my dad said, "Don't let anyone tell you what you can or can't do." People thought I was too small to play, but he let me know I could. Looking back now, I know why my dad said this to me: it was something his father and mother never told him.
Time flew by. It was time for me to look for a job. A department store offered me a job as cart assistant. For the whole day, I pushed shopping carts. It was so cold that I couldn't move my hands. But my dad wouldn't let me give up, even though I wanted to. He kept saying it would get better, and he was right. I've worked there for a year now and I do much more than just push carts.
My dad helped me grow into the person I'm becoming. When I was younger, I was small. The other boys called me " _ Nicky". I hated it. I went to my dad for a help. He encouraged me and helped me make an exercise plan and I got to work.
In my life, there are different roads. My dad helped me get on the one I continue on today. I know I am just at the beginning. There will be difficulties. But there will always be my dad. Even when he is not physically here for me, his words won't leave my mind.
The question is: My first job, as a cart assistant, was rather  _  , so I wanted to give it up.
The possible answers are:
A:interesting
B:cold
C:tiring
D:goodIt's Sunday today. Students are having good time in the park.
Look, there is a table under a big tree, three students are sitting there. Lucy is reading a book, she looks very happy. Next to her is another girl, she's Mary. She is eating apples with her friend Jean. They think the apples are very delicious. Other girls are drawing pictures there.In the middle of the park, there is a playground. There are four boys, they are playing basketball. Lisa is watching them, and singing beautiful songs.
Near the lake, Mr. Li is telling interesting stories for other students, they are so happy and relaxing.
The question is: How are they playing in the park?
The possible answers are:
A:They are happy and relaxing.
B:They are watching and singing.
C:They are tired but interesting.
D:They are having a school trip.To write a great news story, you have to make sure it is correct, relevant   and fresh.
For a start, all the information in a story must be correct. Not only the spelling and grammar, but also the facts.
Any mistakes that show up in a story can get a newspaper into big trouble.
For example, if a newspaper said that Yang Liwei was the first man to go into space, it would be wrong. He wasn't the first. The newspaper would probably lose lots of readers because of that mistake.
A news story does not only have to be correct, but it must also be relevant to its readers. People are mostly interested in news that happens near to them. That's why you care more about what happens at your school than at schools in America. It's also why newspapers in Beijing don't talk much about news in Shanghai or Hong Kong.
Make sure it's fresh.
Finally, news must always be fresh. When you pick up your evening newspaper, you want to read about news that happened that day. You don't want to read about news from last week!
So, now you know what makes a good news story. Have a look at our paper and see if it's full of good news! You can try writing a news story for our paper like a real reporter.
The question is: Where does the writer work most probably?
The possible answers are:
A:In a newspaper.
B:In a shop.
C:In a library.
D:In a bank.People in the UK spend their free time in different ways. They usually use it to relax. They spend a lot of their free time at home. The most popular activity is watching TV. People in the UK watch TV for about 25 hours a week. They often record   programs so they can watch them later. Reading is also a popular way of spending free time. People in the UK spend a lot of time reading newspapers and magazines. Many people in the UK have pets. They like playing with their pets in their free time.
In summer, gardening   is popular. And families often have a "day out" on the weekend. They often go to a festival or see a show. Young people like to go to clubs, and people of all ages like to go to the cinema.
In winter, "do-it-yourself" is popular. People often spend their free time repairing   houses.
Some free time activities are with friends. Asking friends for a drink or a meal at home is the most usual one. Sometimes people and their friends have dinner in a restaurant.
On the weekend, people in the UK like to spend their free time doing sports. The popular kinds of sports are soccer, horse racing, swimming, tennis, skating, climbing and hill walking.
.
The question is: What is the favorite free time activity of people in the UK?
The possible answers are:
A:Reading.
B:Watching TV.
C:Doing sports.
D:Playing with their pets.In our daily lives, Wechat   is really hot now. Many people express themselves, exchange ideas and deliver information by Wechat.
There are a number of reasons for Wechat to be popular. To begin with, Wechat is a cheap way of communication, which cuts down a great deal of the cost made by phone calls. Next, Wechat is to the taste of the most of people. Its attractive and lots of functions  are loved widely. What's more, convenience also leads to its popularity. It is _ no matter where we are.
However, it has problems, too. First of all, our IDs might be revealed when we use Wechat and we could be in danger. Secondly, we may spend more time on Wechat instead of with our family. As a result, relationship  could break down. The last problem is that our attention might be drawn too much and sometimes we may find it difficult to focus on study.
There is no doubt that Wechat will improve as time goes by. So let's look forward to the better Wechat and have more fun with it.
The question is: How many problems you may have by using Wechat according to this passage?
The possible answers are:
A:1.
B:2.
C:3.
D:4.My friend's grandfather came to America from a farm in Thailand. After arriving in New York, he went into a cafeteria   in Manhattan to get something to eat.He sat down at a table and waited for someone to take his order . Of course nobody did. Finally, a woman with a plate full of food sat down opposite him and told him how a cafeteria worked.
"Start out at the end," she said, "Just go along the line and choose what you want. At the other end they'll tell you how much you have to pay."
"I soon learned how everything works in America." the grandfather told my friend. "Life is like a cafeteria here. You can get anything you want only if you are willing to pay the money. You can even get success, but you'll never get _ if you wait for someone to bring it to you. You have to get up and get it by yourself."
The question is: Which is the best title of the text?
The possible answers are:
A:From Thailand to America
B:Life is Like a Cafeteria in America
C:How to Eat in a Cafeteria
D:Eating in an American CafeteriaDear Tom
How are you? I'm at a new school this term. And I'm writing to you about my school now. My new school is big and nice. There are one thousand and four hundred students and one hundred and forty teachers at my school. I like the teachers. They are very kind to me. My classmates are very friendly, too. They teach me Chinese and I teach them English.
There are trees, flowers and green grass at my school. They are very beautiful. Behind my school there is a small river. The water in it is quite clean. We can swim in it.
We have no classes on Saturdays or Sundays. Sometimes I go to play football or basketball with my classmates. Sometimes I stay at home and watch TV. Sometimes I go to shops with my father and mother. We all like China.
Please write to me soon!
Yours
Jack
The question is: There are   _   students and   _   teachers at Jack's school.
The possible answers are:
A:1;400; 104
B:1; 040; 104
C:1;400; 140
D:1; 040; 140Every year there is the Spring Festival in China. Usually it is in January or February. It's the most important festival in   China. So before it comes, everyone has to prepare things. They buy beef, pork, chicken, fruit and many other things. And they often make a special kind of food called "dumplings". It means "come together" in Chinese. On the day before the festival, parents buy new clothes for their children and children also buy presents for their parents. On the festival eve, all the family members come back to their home. This is a happy moment. They sing, dance and play cards. When they enjoy the meal, they give each other the best wishes for the coming year.
They all have a good time.
,. (5)
The question is: The food "dumplings" mean "  _  ".
The possible answers are:
A:be delicious
B:be hungry
C:come together
D:come backVisiting Jiaixng Zoo
Come and see big elephants from Yunnan and tigers from the northeast. The Africa giraffe are waiting for you. Clever monkeys are going to make you laugh. A lot of other animals you have never seen are waiting to meet you.
Tickets: Grown-ups : Y=5.00
Children: Y=2.00
Under six: Free
Opening time: From Monday to Friday: 9:00 am - 4:00 pm
Saturday and Sunday: 8:00 am - 5:30 pm
Keep the zoo clean. Do not give food to or go near the animals.
The question is: Which is the visiting time?
The possible answers are:
A:8:30 am on Monday
B:5:00 pm on Thursday
C:8:30 am on Saturday
D:6:00 pm on SundayBill Gates was born on October 28th, 1955. He grew up in Seattle, Washington. Bill Gates was named William Henry after his father and grandfather. He was a very clever boy. His favourite subject at school were science and maths.
When he was 13 years old, Bill started to play with computers. At that time, computers were very large machines. Once he was interested in a very old computer. He and some of his friends spent lots of time doing unusual things with it. In the end, they worked out a software programme with the old machine. Bill sold it for 4, 200 dollars when he was only 17.
In 1973, Bill went to Harvard University. At Harvard, he developed the BASIC language for the first microcomputer  . In his third year, he left Harvard to work for a company called Microsoft. Bill began this company in 1975 with his friend Paul Allen. They thought that the computer would be a very important tool in every office and in every home, so they began developing software for personal computers. They improved the software to make it easier for people to use computer.
The question is: When did he begin Microsoft Company with his friend?  _
The possible answers are:
A:He was 13 years old.
B:He was 17 years old.
C:He was 18 years old.
D:He was 20 years old.Who's building the new China? It's not the factory owners or the business men.It's someone else.
We see them every day.They work day and night in the terrible working places and weather.They build the roads,the theaters,the cinemas and the supermarkets.They even clean up our rubbish.They are China's migrant workers .
Over 140 million workers left their homes in the countryside to look for jobs in big cities around China.They hope to be rich,but they find they have many difficulties in making enough money.And one of the difficulties is the pride and discrimination from the people in cities.
When night falls.I see the sad faces of the migrant workers.Many are living far away from the people whom they love.
Yes,they dress differently,they speak differently,and they have different habits,but they work hard.The people in cities think they are outsiders,and most governments refuse  to give them medical care  and public schooling for their children.
If China hopes to move into the future.many things need to change.The first is discrimination! We need to stop our discrimination against the migrant workers of China! They may not make as much money as some people in cities,but they are good people just trying to _ . These workers are very important and necessary to China's economic development and play an important role in changing Chinese society .They are building the new China,so we should help them.
The question is: The writer thinks   _   is building the new China.
The possible answers are:
A:the factory owners of China
B:the business men and women of China
C:the migrant workers of China
D:the people in Chinese citiesIn America, street dancing is a great outdoor sport for young people to do with a group of friends. Many people bring their radios out onto the streets, and then wait for others to join in.
Step 1
Wear comfortable clothes. Also wear comfortable running shoes that allow   you to jump easily. Dancing needs a lot of _ so it is smart to take care of your feet.
Step 2
Get some music that you can dance to and bring a radio or a CD player.
Step 3
Invite some friends to street dance. Put some music on and start dancing to it. Use your feet as much as possible and make quick movements.
Step4
Put your arms up to the right, and then move them quickly to the left while turning your body. This will make others start street dancing.
Step5
Try different movements if possible. Street dancing is all about free-style dancing. You can enjoy yourself while getting exercise by street dancing.
The question is: If you want to street dance, you don't need to  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:wear comfortable clothes
B:have a radio or a CD player
C:invite some friends
D:ask your parents to dance withDo your parents ever say "do it like a lady" or "be a gentleman" to you? But in the eyes of today's students, what should a lady or a gentleman be like? Let's take a look.
What is a gentleman? _ ?
 _ : A gentleman doesn't always get angry . He wants others to be well and happy. He's always ready to help others. There is a boy in my class I think he is a gentleman. If I don't do well in the English exam, he will say "You will do better next time". That makes me feel happy.
 _ : A gentleman always says, "Ladies first". When students clean the classroom, he always does heavy work. He lets girls go into rooms first. There are no gentlemen in my class. When there is something to eat, the boys in my class always get them before girls!
What is a lady? Boys tell us what they think a lady is:
 _ : A lady is kind and quiet  ,but she's not shy   and she can talk about her ideas in front of others. To me, Dong Jie, a film star, is a lady. She is pretty and kind. She does a lot for others.
 _ : A lady is not just beautiful but clever. She never says bad words. She is quiet and kind to others. I don't think there is a lady in my class. Most of the girls are _ , I think.
The question is: Which of the following is the best title for this passage?
The possible answers are:
A:Here's what teachers think
B:Here's what students think
C:Girls have their ideas
D:Boys have their ideasStudents who get tired of looking at the four walls of a classroom might like to take the nature course being offered by Carvel College again this summer. Groups of about a dozen students each, led by an experienced guide, will go on ten-day camping trips to the mountains to study the plants and animals that grow and live there.
Students carry their own things, which includes sleeping bags, warm clothing, food and water, and other useful tools. And what do the students do all day? Well, as soon as the sun comes up, they eat breakfast and start climbing up the mountain trail to the next campground, which is five to ten miles away. As the students take notes, the guide points out different plants and animals alongside the trail. The climb is usually over by early afternoon, so the group spends the rest of the day resting or swimming in a mountain lake. Before dinner each night, they all come together and discuss the day's activities.
At the end of the course, the students write reports using the information they have collected. But they don't mind at all. What they do mind is leaving the beauty of the wilderness and the good friends they've made to return to their normal lives in the city.
The question is: What do the students have to do before dinner?
The possible answers are:
A:Wash themselves up in a mountain lake.
B:Attend classes by the experienced guide.
C:Write about what they see along the trail.
D:Review what they learn through discussion.Every year we have many holidays, such as summer holidays. May Day and so on. How do you spend during these holidays? Do you like to travel during them ? Can you book holidays or make travel plans on line?
Now let me tell you how to do it. First,you should look up the places that you want to visit online. Then you can decide on which way to travel according to the prices online. If you go to other countries, you'd better take the plane. If you visit some places of interest near your hometown, you can take the train or bus there. Of course, you can drive a car. Next, you can get in touch with some travel companies ,and talk something about travel with them. And you can find the best place to stay at the best price. Finally, you can enjoy happy holidays with the help of the travel company.
The question is: In winter , you can spend   _  with your family together.
The possible answers are:
A:summer holidays
B:winter holidays
C:May Day
D:Middle-autumn festivalAs a girl, I've spent a great deal of my time on earth concerned about my weight. So I do know something about exercise. Let me tell you about the calorie-burning activities I've tried or will try.
Salsa  
I try to maintain my weight through dancing. Dancing improves my coordination and sense of rhythm in addition to burning calories. I'm personally interested in salsa, which I find sexy and expressive . But I have not yet to start classes, because classes are very expensive, and I cannot find a dance partner.
Ping-Pong
Ping-pong is the national sport of China, so how could I know nothing about it?
My father is a ping-pong fan, and a really good player. He's won several informal   matches. My relationship with ping-pong has always been on-and-off. I'll get into it for a while, and then lose interest. The reason is because I can't find a good partner. Some stronger can depress you, while someone weaker (or just as weak) can make the game boring.
Tae Kwon Do  
I've recently decided to try tae kwon do as my regular exercise activity. There's a story behind this choice: A few weeks ago, I was sitting on a bus, concentrating on a book. Suddenly, the bus became very quiet except for the sound of a woman's crying. I looked up to see what had happened and overheard whispers that she had just quarreled with a man, and the man slapped  her face. No one on the bus dared say anything because the man looked really strong. Even now I feel ashamed I was among the silent.
That's why I've made up my mind to learn something that will help me protect others and myself.
The question is: We can learn from the passage that  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:the girl has learnt salsa for a long time
B:the girl has played ping-pong many times
C:the girl was brave enough to beat the man
D:she has learnt tae kwon do wellQQ is one of the most popular chat tools  among teenagers. We regard it as an important chat tool in our dailylife because it has some advantages.
First, we can make lots of e-friends on QQ. It is easy to find the person who has the same interest as us, and we can talk with him or her happily. Second, we can also join a QQ group to find the information we need. For example, if we want to learn English well, we can choose a group with many English lovers in it. Third, we can also play games with our friends on QQ and always have fun.
QQ brings us a lot of benefits , but it can also cause some problems. It's dangerous to tell strangers on QQ our real personal information like telephone number, address and ID number. If we spend too much time chatting online, it won't be good for our study and health.
The question is: Which of the following is NOT TRUE according to the passage
The possible answers are:
A:We can get lots of information on QQ.
B:We can make friends on QQ
C:We can get everything on QQ.
D:We can play games with friends on QQ.David comes from the train station and he doesn't know where to go. This is the first time he comes to this town. He comes to see his good friend, Peter. Peter is a doctor. He works in a hospital. But David doesn't know where the hospital is.
He walks in the street. He passes a bank, a post office, a hotel and at last he goes to a school. Some students are coming out, so he asks one of the students, "Excuse me. Which is the way to People's Hospital?"
"Well, I know, you can go along this street, take the second turning on the right, and then take the third turning on your left. It's next to a museum."
"I'm sorry I can't follow you."
"Well, I just live near there, and my mother works in that hospital, too. I'm going home now. Will you go with me? I'll take you there."
"That's great! Thank you very much!"
"Then, let's go to the bus stop. And we'll take the No.12 bus there."
The question is: David doesn't know the way to the hospital and asks  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:a policeman
B:a teacher
C:a student
D:a doctorNowadays more and more people care about the exploitation of the natural _ , such as oil. Though there're many kinds of resources, with the fast increase of population and the increase of many more factories, the more we use, the fewer there will be left for the future. Oil is getting less and less year after year. It's said that oil can last for only 50 years. Natural gas perhaps will last about 38 years.
Oil can be used in many ways and it's difficult to imagine what the modern world will be like without oil. But oil isn't easy to find and get out of the earth. Men must study the rocks. When they think the rocks in a certain place may have oil, a metal tower is built. A machine in the tower cuts a hole down into the ground. At the same time, a steel pipe is pushed down to stop the sides from falling in and to keep out water. At last if the men are right, usually the oil rushes up the sides with great force by the pressure of the gas in the top of the rock, and it rushes high into the air. If the oil catches a light, there will be a terrible fire. So a kind of cover is fixed on the top of the pipe, and the oil can run out through taps .
If we are near the middle of the oil field, we can also get gas. Such gas is sent through pipes to towns far away and used in houses and factories like coal gas.
Today oil is under pressure as never before. The price of oil keeps rising all the time. In many countries, the governments encourage people to save oil as much as possible.
The question is: Which of the following can be true according to  the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:Coal gas can't be used in houses and factories.
B:Oil is very important in the modern world.
C:Many governments encourage people to waste oil as much as possible.
D:It's very easy to get the oil.My Favorite Sweater
by Bonnie Highsmith Taylor
My favorite sweater grew too small.
I love that sweater best of all.
My grandma made it when I was three.
She made that sweater just for me.
I picked the yam , a special blue.
The color of bluebells, wet with dew .
When I was three I was very small.
But now I'm five and much too tall.
I have a new jacket now that's green.
So I gave my sweater to our cat Queen.
Queen just had kittens out in the shed  .
My favorite sweater is now their bed.
The question is: The girl in this poem is  _   years old now.
The possible answers are:
A:3
B:4
C:5
D:6One day Mrs Wilson took Trudy and Ben to go shopping. They went to the supermarket in the new shopping mall . "Why do you buy things here, Mum?" Trudy asked.  "Because they are cheaper than those at the corner store," Mrs Wilson said. "Help me check  the prices." The Wilsons were not wealthy  and Mrs Wilson was always careful with her money. She looked carefully at the prices of things. She bought some groceries  in the supermarket. When they got home, the children said, "We don't think you saved  money by going to the supermarket there." "Of course I did," said Mrs Wilson, "everything was cheap there." "We know," said the children, "but we came home by taxi  because we had too much to carry. The cost  of the taxi was more than the money you saved!" Mrs Wilson added  everything up and found her children were right. "Well done,"she said, "next time we will do shopping near our home."
The question is: Mrs Wilson went home   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:by bus
B:by minibus
C:by taxi
D:on footDo you like traveling? How can you make your trip more interesting? Here's some advice.
Read!
Before we leave, we should find some information about the place you want to go to, such as its geography, its history and its famous people. And we should read them carefully. So, we can really understand that place during our trip even though we don't have much time.
Take photos!
Most of us take a camera  when we travel, If you want to take some photos, remember to choose the most special sights, Don't choose the sight we can see in other places. For example,Beidaihe, Qingdao and Zhuhai are _ cities. Don't only take photos of the sea. You should take photos of something special, too.
Taste!
Don't buy the food that you like most because you can buy it in your own city or town. You 'd better taste something special in that place. Food in some places is very delicious. And from food, you can find its food culture. So why not taste it? Maybe you have just one chance to taste it in your life.
Write!
When you visit a place, you should take a pen and a notebook, so you can write down what you see and what you think during the trip. Later, when you read it, you'll feel that you can find the pleasure  during the trip.
,.
The question is: What's the best title of the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:How to Make Your Trip More Interesting
B:The Most Popular Way to Travel
C:How to Make a Travel Plan
D:The Best Place to TravelHow do you get to school? Do you walk or take a bus? You could try a new way to go around Ningbo City from May, 2014.
That is Ningbo Rail Transit. It is about 247.5 kilometers in all.
The Line 1(1) started construction  in June, 2009 and people could take the first half of Line 1 in May,2014. It is between Gaoqiao and Ningbo East New Town. And the second half opened in 2015. There are also other five lines to connect   Haishu, Jiangdong, Jiangbei, Beilun and Yinzhou after Line1.
The logo of Ningbo Rail Transit is a dynamic  "Yong". It is another name for Ningbo.
It says the traffic in Ningbo is active and fast. And the color of the logo is blue because Ningbo is a sea city.
On the wall of six rail transit stops, there are a lot of beautiful pictures.
They are about Ningbo culture. For example, at the Ximenkou Stop, it paints Tianyige Museum and many books. And it draws Moon Lake on the wall of Drum-tower Stop. All these pictures tell people the history of Ningbo.
The question is: What is the picture about at Drum-tower Stop?
The possible answers are:
A:Tianyige Museum
B:Books.
C:Moon Lake.
D:A drum.E-book is short for electronic( ) book. It is usually read on personal computers. Some
mobile phones can also be used to read e-books.
Earlier e-books were written for a specific group of readers and were about only a few subjects. With the development of the internet, knowledge and answers to a lot of questions mainly come from e-books. This is why the e-book business is increasing quickly
E-books have many advantages. First, they save time. We don't need to go to a bookstore to buy books, besides, we can find the topic we want to know about on the Internet, and then we can quickly get many e-books on similar topics. Second, e-books save money. Some e-books cost a little money, and there are millions of e-books on the Internet that we can get for free. Third, more trees are saved because e-books don't need to be printed  on paper. Fourth, e-books make reading more convenient. You can carry a whole library of hundreds of books with you in a small computer or any e-book reader   without worrying about their weight.
But e-books have certain disadvantages. They need a personal computer or an e-book reader and the information can be lost if its file format   is not supported or changed in the reader's computer.
However, e-books provide us with a new way of reading. That is good.
,.
The question is: How many advantages do e-books have according to this article?
The possible answers are:
A:Three
B:Four
C:Five
D:SixSkin--diving (  ) is a new sport today . This sport can take you to a wonderful world . It's like to visit the moon . When you're under the water, it's easy for you to climb big rocks (  ) because you're not heavy.
Here, under the water , everything is blue and green . During the day , there's enough light . And you can see a lot of fish swimming around you. You can catch them with your hands. To catch fish is of the most interesting parts of this sport .
When you have tanks (  ) of air on your back , you can stay in deep water for a long time . But you must be careful when you dive in deep water .
The question is: You can climb big rocks easily under the water because   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:you're strong enough
B:you're tall enough
C:you're not heavier than on land
D:you're healthy enoughFrom age eight to eleven, I studied at a small school in Bath, England. It was a small school of four classes, with about twenty-five children in each class according to age. For the most part, one teacher had to teach all subjects. However, sometimes the headteacher , Mr. Ronald Broaches would come in and spend an hour or so.
He was a large man with a very happy nature. He had a sense of humor and would be glad in telling the children small stories which make us laugh.
I found that he took great interest in me and he quickly found that I enjoyed puzzles. He would stop me as I was going to class and take a piece of paper out of his pocket, often with a puzzle on it. As time went on, they slowly gave me an interest in math and problem -solving that stays with me to this day.
To this day, I can remember Mr. Broaches' cheerful cry of "Well done!" whenever I got a problem right. I shall always be thankful that our  paths crossed.
Mr. Bruoaches died just two weeks after I won the 1993 Nobel Prize in Physiology and Medicine. Unfortunately, I had no chance to speak to him before he died. I learnt late that he had heard of my success and I will always hope that he knew the deep influence he had made on my life.
The question is: The best title for the passage is   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:The Story of Mr. Broaches
B:The History of Nobel Prize
C:My Early School Life
D:An Important Teacher in My LifeFred is a dog. He always wants to have everything for himself. He doesn't like to share his food or toys with other dogs.
One day, he was running in a field, and found a large bone in the bushes. He was so happy! He thought, "Wow! This is the biggest bone in the world! And it's all mine! I should put it somewhere. Another dog may try to steal  it."
"I'll run very far," he thought. "That way, no other dogs will find my bone." One hour later, he saw a small river and a bridge, "I'll cross the bridge, and put my bone on the other side," thought Fred. Then, he began to cross the bridge.
He looked down, and saw a dog with a bone in the water. He thought it was another dog with another bone! "There is a dog in the water. I want his bone too!" thought Fred. Then, he opened his mouth and tried to grab   the other bone.
Splash! His bone fell into the water. "Oh, no! My bone is gone!" he thought. "Now I have nothing."
The question is: Fred lost his bone because he was not   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:patient
B:generous
C:Humorous
D:honestDear Peter
How about your study? It's Sunday today. I'm writing a letter to you. I'm going to tell you something in Beijing.
Beijing is different from London. In our country, we drive on the left side of the road, but here people drive on the right side. Most people go to work by bus or by bike. The rush hours are from seven to nine in the morning and five to seven in the afternoon. People in China work around eight hours a day, five days a week. They usually begin to work at eight in the morning, and rest on Saturday and Sunday.
I have Chinese classes every morning from Monday to Friday. The students in our class are from many countries. We're all working hard and friendly to each other. The Chinese students are ready to help us with our Chinese. We also help them a lot with their English. We are getting along very well.
That's all for today. Please write to me soon.
Yours
Susan
The question is: The letter is from   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:a Chinese student to an English student
B:an English student to a Chinese student
C:a Chinese student to an American student
D:an English student to another English studentWang Lin's Diary 
Oct.8th,Sunday
October 1st is our National Day.It was Sunday.In the morning,our teacher took us to the park.Oh,many people were there.We could see flags and flowers everywhere.We saw people dancing in the park everywhere.We had a good time.
This morning I did some cleaning.Then I went to school.In the class,our teacher told us a very interesting story.It was about a French scientist Ampere.Once he was walking in the street when he began to work on a problem on a"blackboard"with a piece of chalk.But it was not a blackboard.It was the back of a carriage .Ampere didn't notice  it at all.How hard he worked at his problem!
In the evening,it became cloudy.It's going to rain tomorrow,I think.
The question is: Ampere worked on a problem on the  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:blackboard
B:back of a carriage
C:carriage
D:flagMany cultures have different ideas about why people catch colds. For example in the United States, some people think that you can catch a cold if your feet get cold. So, mothers tell small children to wear warm boots in the winter. In other places, including parts of the Middle East, some people believe that strong winds cause colds. So, on trains and buses, people usually don't like to sit next to open windows. In parts of Europe, some people think that wearing wet clothes will give you a cold. They say that after you go swimming, you should quickly put on dry clothes. Today, scientists know that colds are caused by a virus . But the old ideas are still very strong, and many _ .
The question is: In "  _  ", what does "them" mean?
The possible answers are:
A:scientists
B:old ideas
C:colds
D:dry clothesYou are what you eat
Keeping better eating habits can help you have less illness. A healthy eating plan means choosing the right food to eat and cooking food in a healthy way.
 _ 
Do you often change your toothbrush? Maybe you think it is unnecessary. A study shows old toothbrushes bring disease . You should often change your toothbrush.
Exercise
Swimming, cycling, jogging, skating, dancing, walking and some other activities can help you stay healthy. You should exercise at least three times a week and for twenty minutes or more each time. Do it!
Plan out your life
You should have breakfast before you go to school. Have a right meal for lunch. Follow a healthy diet.
The question is: What's the passage mainly about?
The possible answers are:
A:Healthy food.
B:Healthy lifestyle.
C:Junk food.
D:Healthy sports.This is Bruce's Noodle House. We have different kinds of noodles. A large bowl of noodles with mutton  is only 4 dollars, and 3 dollars for a medium  bowl. Each bowl of beef noodles is just 3.5 dollars. And a large bowl of chicken noodles is 2 dollars. Each bowl of pork noodles is just 3.5 dollars. One dollar is for a large bowl of vegetable noodles.
Come and enjoy the delicious noodles here! If you order any meat noodles, fruit is free . If you are too busy to come. Please call us at 2888998, and you will get the food in half an hour. Our Noodle House is open for 24 hours a day, from Monday afternoon to Sunday.
The question is: If you want to eat some fruit, you can order    _   noodles.
The possible answers are:
A:vegetable or beef
B:vegetable or chicken
C:mutton or beef or pork
D:cabbage or muttonIf you go to Hawaii, you can stay at the Garden Hotel. When you go there for holiday, you will find everything as comfortable as you would expect  in a first-class international hotel.
Every bedroom has its own bathroom, telephone, special tables and colourful, modern sofa.
In the Mitsui Restaurant, you can choose your meals from different dishes, both Eastern and European. You can also find the dishes anywhere in the country. In the Beach Bar, you can drink with your family and friends comfortably to the music of famous musicians . Or you can take your drink outside into the beautiful garden of the hotel. You can also swim in the swimming pool. In the hotel, you will find _ . It will not take you a long time to wait for your service.
The Garden Hotel is right on the beach, only five minutes on foot from Hawaii's modern shopping centre. Here you will find all things at prices you can agree.
The Waikiki Beachside Hotel is also one of the most famous hotels in Hawaii. Beachside Hotel is close to restaurants, bars, Honolullu  nightlife, Waikiki beaches, Oahu  and all of the Hawaii adventure  activities!
We are sure that your stay here at our Waikiki Beachside Hotel will be the best stay you have in Hawaii or the world.
The question is: The Mitsui Restaurant has   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:both Eastern and Western food
B:activities from all over the world
C:no American style food
D:adventure activitiesDear Abby,
I am a helpless mother, my son is 15 years old. I find out that the older he grows, the less we talk. I feel very worried and I really need help.
My first problem is about his hobbies, he seems to spend too much time on computer games. As soon as he gets home, he always turns on the computer, closes the door and locks others out. I am getting worried about him, especially when his English teacher told me he always fails(,) in the English exam.
Secondly, it seems that he is crazy  about the new technology. However, to be honest, I don't have enough money and I can't _ all the things he wants.
Recently, I have found that he seems to be always alone. I have never seen him talking to his friends on the phone or going out with anyone on weekends. That is the last problem I have.
Do all the boys behave this way? What should I do to help him?
A helpless mother
The question is: What does her son always do as soon as he gets home?
The possible answers are:
A:He goes out with friends
B:He does his homework in his bedroom.
C:He closes the door and calls his friends.
D:He turns on the computer and plays with itWe went into a secondhand shop to get out of the rain. I took my 6-year-old daughter's hand and we started to walk around. Suddenly she reached out her hand to touch a pair of shiny black shoes.
"Buy for me?" she asked.
"Oh, Sweetie, they are tap dancing   shoes. You aren't taking tap dance."
"Buy for me?" she repeated.
"Well, let's try them on."
She sat on the floor and took off her bright pink rain boots. When she stood up we heard "click". She took a step, "click, click, click."
The sun came out and we went on our way. Our next stop was the grocery store. "Click, click, click..." people turned to look as we entered the store. People would never allow their daughter to wear tap dancing shoes to the grocery store.
"Excuse me, dear. Why would you allow  your daughter to wear tap dancing shoes here? They make such a noise."
"Isn't it wonderful?"
"Wonderful? My dear, this is not the place to wear those shoes."
"You don't understand. When she was a baby, doctors told us that she would never walk or talk. It has taken a lot of hard work and patience, but she asked for the shoes and the 'click, click, click' says that she can walk," I said.
My daughter is 18 now and will graduate from grade 12 in June. It has not always been easy, but it has all been worthwhile  . She has taught me that it doesn't matter what others think. _
The question is: The story tells us   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:the love between mother and daughter is strong
B:you should wear the wrong shoes for your feet
C:wearing your own shoes helps you walk faster
D:sometimes you shouldn't care about what others sayTom went to see his grandparents with his father. In the train Tom often put his head out of the window. His father said, "Tom, don't put your head out of the window." But Tom went on putting his head out of the window.
His father took Tom's hat quietly and hid it behind his back and said to Tom, "You see your hat is gone." Tom was afraid. His father said, "Well, whistle once. Maybe your hat will come back." Tom whistled. His father put his hat on Tom's head quickly. "Oh! It's wonderful!" Tom laughed and said. He quickly took his father's hat and threw it out of the window. "Now it's your turn to whistle, Dad!" he said happily.
The question is: Tom took his father's hat and   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:hid behind his back
B:threw it out of the window
C:put in under his seat
D:put it on his own headBy November 30, 2015, the comedy Goodbye, Mr. Loser had got more than 1,400 million yuan in ticket sales.
It was amazing that a film with common actors who had their first shows in the film got such great success. What's more, the actors were all stage performers and they improved their acting skills by making this film.
The comedy tells about a common middle-aged man who has no job but problems. He seems to be a loser in life and never gets any success. He causes many jokes and is laughed at a lot. And because of his bad luck, he feels upset most of the time. Later, a sudden accident changes his life and he starts to realize how important the family to him.
Goodbye, Mr. Loser was the first movie made by Happy Mahua Pictures. The film came out on September 30, 2015. Because of its great success, the film company became famous overnight.
During the seven-day holiday for National Day in 2015, the ticket sales were just behind the most popular film being shown at the same time-Lost in Hong Kong.
The question is: Goodbye, Mr. Loser had got over   _   yuan by November 30, 2015.
The possible answers are:
A:140,000,000
B:14,000,000
C:1,400,000,000
D:14,000,000,000It was getting late. There was no noise in the forest. We could only hear the birds singing. And then, a bear--a big brown bear--came into the forest.
The bear stopped under a tall tree. He was very hungry. He looked up into the tree. There in the nut tree was his supper--a supper of nice nuts. But the nuts were high up in the tree. The hungry bear could not reach them. But he knew how to get his supper. He climbed up the tree.
Up and up he climbed. He climbed onto a big branch of the tree. He sat there and then shook  the branch again and again. At last the branch broke. The brown bear fell down with the branch and nuts.
The bear sat up and looked around. With his big paws he picked up the nuts and ate them up.
The question is: How did the brown bear get his supper?
The possible answers are:
A:He climbed up the tree and ate the nuts there.
B:He shook the apples off a tree and ate them.
C:He picked up the nuts on the ground and ate them.
D:He fell down with the branch of the tree. Then he took the nuts and ate them.Peter was a small boy. He lived with his parents in a small house near some hills .The people there were all poor .One night it was very dry and windy .When everybody was asleep,Peter suddenly heard some noise .It came out from the kitchen . He got up and walked to the kitchen .He found that the wood beside the stove   was burning .There was no water tap   in the house,so he could not put out   the fire .He shouted loudly to wake up everyone in the house .Then he ran out of his house and knocked on the doors of many houses to wake the people up .They all left their houses quickly .At last the fire was put out by the firemen .Many houses were burnt .But nobody was hurt in the fire .
The question is: One night he found that   _   beside the stove was burning.
The possible answers are:
A:the table
B:the wood
C:the door
D:the windowOnce my father asked me to hold his hammer while he repaired something, so we could have some time to talk to each other.
For 22 years, after I left home for college, he called me every Sunday at 9 am. He was always interested in my life and how my family was doing, and I never once heard him complain about his own life.
Nine years ago when I bought my first house, my father, 67 years old, spent eight hours a day painting it for three days. He would not allow me to pay someone to have it done. All he asked for was a glass of iced tea and for me to hold a paint brush for him and talk to him. But I was too busy.
Five years ago, at age 71, my father spent five hours putting together a swingset   for my daughter. Again, all he asked was that I get him a glass of iced tea and talk to him. But again, I was too busy.
Four years ago, my father drove all the way from Denver to Topeka, with an eight-foot Colorado blue spruce   in his trunk, so that my husband and I could have a part of Colorado growing on our land. I was preparing for a trip that weekend and couldn't spend much time with him.
Then, one day, my father telephoned me as usual, this time from my sister's home in Florida. We talked about the tree he had brought me, "Fat Albert", but that morning he called it "Fat Oscar", and he seemed to have forgotten some things. I had to get to church, so I cut the conversation short.
The call came at 4:40 pm that day: my father was in hospital in Florida with an aneurysm  . I got on a plane immediately, and on the way I thought of all the times I had not taken the time to talk to my father. I realized that I had no idea who he was or what his deepest thoughts were. I promised that when I arrived, I would make up for lost time.
I arrived in Florida at 1 am. My father had passed away at 9:12 pm. This time it was he who did not have time to talk to me.
The question is: Which words best describe the writer's father?
The possible answers are:
A:Honest and modest.
B:Strict and demanding  .
C:Talkative and positive  .
D:Caring and thoughtful.A middle school organized a "No TV Week" program. All the teachers, parents and students worked together for this program and most of them found it to be a very good one. The headmaster said, "The idea was not to stop watching TV _ but for the students just to find how much time they watch TV and try to use the time for other things." What did the students say about this "No TV Week"? One boy said, "I can't believe I haven't watch TV for a week, but it's been fun doing it." A girl student said, "I'm going to give up all TV program except for 'Our Animal World' and other language-teaching program. I'm really pleased that I have more time to do things like walking and thinking. I enjoy this 'No TV Week' very much..." But not all the students thought it was good. Here one student Paul said something different, "I don't like 'No TV Week' because I like watching TV. I have lots of favorite programs and I don't want to miss them. But we have to do it."
The question is: All the students like the program except --------
The possible answers are:
A:Clark
B:David
C:Sonia
D:PaulJoe, 75, lived very happily and had a beautiful family. He had four grandchildren, and they all visited him during their holidays.
But while he was working, he lost his favorite watch. Before they came to visit, Joe was preparing his home for the kids: cleaning the house and buying their favorite foods.
The watch was a gift from his deceased   wife when their first child was born, Joe loved the watch very much. He was very upset .
When his grandchildren came, they promised him they would find the watch.
One granddaughter asked: "Grandpa, do you remember when you saw the watch last before it went missing?"
Joe answered: "I guess when I was cleaning the barn ! "
The children looked for more than two hours but could not find it.
One grandson went to search  the barn again, and he asked the others not to follow him and to keep silent .
He was there for about 15 minutes and then rushed to his grandfather. He found the watch!
Joe was surprised and asked how he was able to find it. The little boy said: ;'I sat there without making a noise, and the barn was so silent. After a few minutes, I heard the 'tick, tick' sound and found the watch."
Joe hugged him and thanked the little boy.
This shows the power   of silence. If we stay calm, we are better able to find a solution  !
The question is: From the passage we learn that "  _  ".
The possible answers are:
A:Love keeps us busy all the time.
B:Helping those in need makes one feel good.
C:Believe in yourself and you can succeed.
D:Silence sometimes is more powerful than using your voice.French soccer player David Trezeguet holds the record for the fastest shot in a soccer match. It happened during a match between his club Juventus and England's Manchester United in 1998.
At that time, he was unknown outside of French soccer. But nine years later, Trezeguet, 29, has become one of the world's most famous strikers  .
In September, 2007, he scored his 100th goal in the Italian League. "One hundred goals with Juventus, one of the greatest clubs in the world, that is important," he said.
Although Trezeguet was born in France, he grew up in Argentina and he says his " _ " helped him become one of the world's best soccer players.
"Most people in Argentina have to work hard for everything they want," he explained. "This mentality gave me a hunger and an ambition   to become the best."
Trezeguet has had a great career. He has won nearly every major competition in soccer - the World Cup, the European Championships, the European Cup, as well as the French and Italian league titles.
But Trezeguet knows all about heartache too. In the French World Cup in 1998, after playing every match in the competition, he was not chosen to play in the final when France went on to win.
Then in the 2006 World Cup in Germany, his miss in the penalty shoot-out  handed victory to Italy.  But Trezeguet refuses to let this get him down.
"I accept my responsibility. It's part of football," he said. "You just have to move on and start thinking about focusing on the next thing."
The question is: David Trezeguet was born in   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:Italy
B:France
C:Argentina
D:EnglandI once had a hard time making a living in France. Three years ago, I moved to a new neighborhood and felt an intense  need to meet people so I went to the cinema. Outside the cinema was a woman with long gray hair who had a strong smell and was asking for money. I reached for my wallet to give her a Euro and then something made me stop and enter into conversation with her. I said, "Look, all the women going to the cinema here on a Tuesday night are seeing a film that can change your life. I'd rather buy you a ticket than give you money."
She hesitated  for a moment and then came in with me. She hid behind me because, she said, the people running the theater didn't like her. I got her a ticket and she sat next to me. There were about 80 women there; I noticed some of them were turning around and looking at me with expressions of surprise and curiosity .
I encouraged the woman I had bought the ticket for to come the following night to an event where there would be many representatives  of various social services. I thought they could be of some help to her. She did come and I was able to direct her to an agency that helped women in her situation. At the same time, a woman came toward me and said, "Are you the person who bought a ticket for the woman outside the theater asking for _ When I said yes she said, "I want you to come to the community center where I work. I want the other employees there to meet you."
This was the beginning of a deep friendship and colleague relationship. I now have a great job and have more work than I've ever had in my 20 years in France. And the woman I took to the cinema that night? I learned that she was not homeless and that she was a secretary.
The question is: What is the main idea of the text?
The possible answers are:
A:Why the author had a hard time in France.
B:How the author changed a woman's life and got a job.
C:Kindness is necessary sometimes.
D:Getting a job is not so easy.It is a fine Saturday morning. Lily and Lucy get up at six thirty. They want to go to the Great Wall  with their mother. At seven fifty they are in a big bus to the Great Wall. There are forty people in it. Some of them are Americans, some are English. There are two Chinese in the bus, too. One is a woman. She is driving the bus. The other is a young man. He's now talking about the Great Wall in English. They are listening to him. At about nine o'clock, they get to the Great Wall.
The question is: There are   _   English people in the bus.
The possible answers are:
A:forty
B:two
C:some
D:oneAt midnight Mr. King coughed again. He got up and took some medicine. Before he lay down again, he smoked. And he couldn't go to sleep any longer. He found the medicine book and began to read it. He was afraid he had lung cancer. He seemed to see death was waiting for him. Tears  ran down his face. He didn't see his wife was standing by him.
"What's wrong with you, dear?" asked the woman.
"Nothing," the old man answered and covered his face with his hands.
The old woman opened the book and understood at once. She said, "You must stop smoking right now."
"I began to smoke when I was nine, you know. How can't I do that?"
"But I think health is more important."
Mr. King coughed again and his wife said, "Go to see a doctor tomorrow. He will be able to help you, I think."
The doctor told Mr. King to have an Xray examination of his lungs. And then he looked at the Xray carefully for a long time.
"Tell me the truth, doctor."said Mr.King, "Do you see any shadows in my lungs?"
"No, I don't see anything."
"Yes?" the old man said happily. "Really?"
"Yes. Your lungs are turning black. How can I see any shadows?"
The question is: Mr. King coughed because  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:he couldn't go to sleep
B:he was afraid to die
C:he smoked too much
D:he was too oldRaising pets is a popular online game among teenagers. "More than 20 of my classmates have adopted  pets online." Said Wang Hui from Beijing.
If you go to some websites, you can adopt virtual  pets like penguins , chickens, dogs and elephants. You can feed, wash, talk to and play with your pet.
Dai Yingshuang of Shanghai said, "It's great fun and I have also learned how to take care of others." She usually asks her uncle to take care of her pet while she is at school.
If you don't feed and care for the pet, it will become unhappy and unhealthy. So raising an online pet means spending a lot of time online. This makes many parents worried. They fear it will have a bad influence on the children's studies.
Wang Zhaotong from Anhui has raised a penguin since last year. She said, "My parents know about the penguin and think it's okay."
If the students can keep the _ between studying and playing, it's not bad for them to "raise" pets online.
The question is: Which of the following is Not Right according to the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:Raising an online pet doesn't mean spending lots of time online.
B:If you don't feed the pet, it will become unhappy and unhealthy.
C:Raising pets online makes many parents worried.
D:It's good for students to raise pets online.18:00 Children's World
19:00 News
19:45 Around the World
20:20 Movie: A Nurse's Day
21:50 Message from the Market
22:20 Modern Arts
23:00 End
CCTV4
18:30 Modern English
19:00 Women's Life
19:30 Culture and Life
20:45 Volleyball match: China-America
22:30 English News
22:50 English Movie: Gone with the world
00:30 End
NTTV
18:30 NTTV News
19:00 Popular Songs
19:30 Animal World
20:20 American English Today
21:15 Science and Life
22:30 Sports News
23:00 End
JSTV
18:40 English for Children
19:00 News fromCCTV-1
19:30 JS News
19:45 Football Match: China-Japan
21:30 TV-play: Story of a Spanish Artist (1) (2)
23:15 End
The question is: A football fan can enjoy a football match on  _
The possible answers are:
A:JSTV
B:CCTV-1
C:NTTV
D:CCTV-4Questions
My 14th birthday is coming and I'm ready to plan my birthday party. I spent a lot of time planning my party to make it interesting. I was thinking about having a "Remember the Good Times" party. Everyone who is coming is going to graduate  soon. I thought I should put up some photos of my friends and pictures from popular television shows on the wall. The food could be the things we've always loved (hamburgers, ice creams and French fries). I don't know if my idea is going to be good for my birthday party. What do you think, Miss Lee?
Answer:
Hi, Maria, I love the idea of the "Remember the Good Times" party. It sounds like a graduation party. I love the idea of eating your favorite foods! It's fun, easy and cheap! You can bring photos of your class trip to remember the places where you went. I hope you will have a wonderful birthday party! Have a wonderful 14th birthday!
The question is: Maria has this birthday party    _    .
The possible answers are:
A:when she is fifteen
B:after she is twelve
C:after she graduates
D:before she graduatesThere is little doubt that house cat first developed naturally from ancient wild cats. The cleverest relative is the America wild cat which still lives in Africa today. This is understandable because the first house cats came from Africa.
Cats first started to live around people in Egypt about 6,000~7,000 years ago. From Egypt, cats started to move around the world. This is about the same time that Egyptians began storing grain in buildings. Scientists used to believe that people _ cats to catch mice and protect the grain. However, cats don't like to be told what to do! Now, scientists believed that cats followed the mice and learned to accept people. Finally, some of the cats began to grow comfortable around people, these were smaller cats that needed protection. As these cats and people got used to each other, then they moved in together. Around 5,000 years ago, cats started to live with people.
Soon cats were in Greece, then the Middle East and China. They moved along Egyptian business roads keeping away mice and keeping people around them. After the Romans came to Egypt, they also accepted the cats and brought them to Europe. These cat likely bred  with other cats to form the many kinds of house cats we have today.
Cats are relatively recent house animals. House cats still have a lot in common with their wild relatives. Cats sleep a lot to save energy just like wild cats. They will often get food at night as well. House cats are generally peaceful and friendly, but be careful! If a cat feels it is in danger, it will fight back--just like a wild cat.
.
The question is: Where did the first house cats come from?
The possible answers are:
A:Asia.
B:Africa.
C:Europe.
D:America.Do you know why different animals or pests have their special colors? Colors in them seem to be mainly used to protect themselves.
Some birds like eating locusts  , but birds cannot easily catch them. Why? It is because locusts change their colors with the change of the colors of crops. When crops are green, locusts look green. But as the harvest time comes, locusts change into the same brown color as crops have. Some other pests whose colors are different form plants are easily found and eaten by others. So they have to hide themselves for lives and appear only at night.
If you study the animals' life, you'll find the main use of colors is to protect themselves. Bears, lions and other animals move quietly through forests. They cannot be easily seen by hunters because their colors are much like the trees.
Colors are useful not only on the land, but also in the sea. A kind of fish in the sea can give out a kind of black liquid   when the fish face danger. The liquid spreads over quickly, so they cannot be found by their enemies and can quickly swim away. That is why they live safely though they are not strong at all.
The question is: Those pests with different colors from plants have to   _   to keep out of danger.
The possible answers are:
A:change their colors
B:hide in the day time and appear at night
C:move quietly
D:hide at night and appear in the day timeAmericans have used colours to create many expressions they use every day.
We say we're "in the pink" when we are in good health. It is easy to understand how this expression was born. When my face has a nice fresh, pink colour, it is a sign which shows my health is good.
The colour green is natural for trees, it is an unnatural colour for humans. When someone doesn't feel well, for example, we say he looks green. When someone is angry because he doesn't have what someone else has, we say he is "green with envy".
Some people are "green with envy" because someone else has more dollars, or "greenbacks". Dollars are called "greenback" because that's the colour of the backside of the money.
Blue is a cool colour. The traditional blue music of American blacks is the opposite of red hot music. It is slow, sad and soulful  . To be blue, of course, is to be sad.
The colour black is often used in expressions. People describe a day in which everything goes wrong as a "black day". A "black sheep" is the member of a family or group who always seems to be in trouble. If someone meets a "black cat", something unlucky might happen to him. Not all the "black" expressions have bad meanings. A company "in the red" is losing  money. If someone tells you to put someone "in black and white", they want you to write it down.
The question is: Which word describes the red hot music?
The possible answers are:
A:Fast.
B:Sad.
C:Slow.
D:Soulful.Hi! My name is Lisa. I'm a student in Shanghai. I'm in Class Nine, Grade Five. Wang Tao and Li Fang are my friends. They  are in Grade Five, too. They are not in my class. They are in Class Seven. I'm 12. They are 12, too. Mr. Cheng is my teacher. His  telephone number is 8869254.
The question is: How old is Lisa?
The possible answers are:
A:twelve.
B:thirteen.
C:fourteen.
D:fifteenIt is five o'clock in the afternoon. It's time to go home. But we must clean our classroom. There are five students in our group. Now there are only three. Li Hong is playing games. Lin Tao is reading a story outside the classroom. I say to them, " Please come and clean our classroom!" We begin to clean it. Look! Li Hong is carrying  water. Lin Tao and I are cleaning the floor. Soon we finish it. Where are the other two students in our group? We look for them and find them playing soccer on the playground. So we play soccer together  with them.
The question is: What do they do when they see the two students playing soccer?
The possible answers are:
A:They ask them to go back to clean the classroom.
B:They go home.
C:They join them in playing soccer.
D:They watch them playing soccer.Everybody dreams. But only some people remember their dreams. Our dreams often include all the senses--smells, sounds, sights, tastes and things we touch.
Early in the twentieth century, two famous scientists developed their personal ideas about dreams. Austrian psychiatrist  Sigmund Freud believed people often dream about things they want but can't have. Swiss  psychiatrist Carl Jung worked closely with Freud for several years, but he believed dreams provide solutions to problems we face when we are awake.
Other researchers are studying how dreaming helps our bodies work with problems and very sad emotions . Robert Stickgold is a professor of psychiatry  . He says that when we dream, the brain is trying to make sense of the world. He does not agree with Sigmund Freud that dreaming is the way we express our hidden feelings and desires .
Scientists believe it is important to keep researching dreams. Yet there is still no agreement on exactly how the brain works when we are dreaming or why we dream.
The question is: In the passage, all the psychiatrists  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:believe dreams can help people understand all the problems that they face
B:believe when we dream, the brain is trying to make sense of the world
C:study dream and dreaming and have their own different ideas
D:have the same idea that people often dream about the things they wantDoes technology influence the purity of Chinese language? Yes!
Many Chinese use messenger tools such as MSN or QQ, listen to music on MP3 players and blog on the Internet using ADSL ,but most people don't know the Chinese meanings of the abbreviations, as many English letters have become part of the local lexicon . some parents are so crazy about English letters that a couple tried to name their baby "@", they say the character used in email addresses reflects their love for the child.
While the "@" is obviously familiar to Chinese e-mail users, they often use the English word "at" to pronounce it , which sounds like ai ta, or "love him", to Putonghua speakers.
"Nowadays, more and more English abbreviations are being used in Chinese, making them an important part of the modern language," said Hou Min, a professor at Communication University of China. "The abbreviations are very popular because they can be used easily," Hou said. "As more Chinese people learn foreign languages, especially English, in recent years, using abbreviations has become a trend among some educated people," she said.
Some language scholars fear _ will influence the purity of Chinese and cause confusion  in communication.
The question is: This passage mainly talks about  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:English abbreviations isn't used in Chinese widely.
B:Technology influences the purity of Chinese language.
C:Some parents think it important to name their baby "@".
D:Using abbreviations has become a trend among some educated people.If you are not happy with China's high Internet fees and slow speed, you are not alone.So is Premier Li Keqiang.On April 14, he said in a meeting that the government should speed up the Internet and lower the fees.
"The first question people ask at a new place is 'Is there WI-FI' because Internet service fees are so high," said Premier Li.According to a recent survey by CCTV, the average cost of 1GB mobile Internet data per month in China is 100 Yuan, while it is only 60 Yuan in the US and 40 in Japan.
However, high prices don't necessarily mean good service.The average Internet speed in China was 4.25Mbps in late 2014.South Korea had the fastest average Internet speed-25.3 Mbps.People can download a 1 GB movie within 6 minutes in South Koreas, but in China it would take half an hour.
To improve Internet services, the key is to build more fiber  networks.Through them we can send text, pictures and videos globally in less than a second, which offer high speed Internet.Besides, the lack of market competition is another problems. _ 
,. (2,10)
The question is: What is the key to improve Internet services?
The possible answers are:
A:To increase Internet service fees.
B:To build more fiber networks.
C:To learn from South Korea.
D:To make the government know the situation.Many cultures have different ideas about why people catch colds. For example in the United States, some people think that you can catch a cold if your feet get cold. So, mothers tell small children to wear warm boots in the winter. In other places, including parts of the Middle East, some people believe that strong winds cause colds. So, on trains and buses, people usually don't like to sit next to open windows. In parts of Europe, some people think that wearing wet clothes will give you a cold. They say that after you go swimming, you should quickly put on dry clothes. Today, scientists know that colds are caused by a virus . But the old ideas are still very strong, and many _ .
The question is: According to the reading, which of the following is NOT true?
The possible answers are:
A:There are many different ideas about how people catch colds.
B:Scientists don't know how people catch colds.
C:Some people think that wearing wet clothes gives you a cold.
D:In the U.S., many small children wear boots in winter.Hi! Let me tell you something about my beautiful house. There is a small garden in front of it. There are many beautiful flowers in the garden. Behind my house there is a big tree. Some birds always sing in it early in the morning. Near the tree, you can see a _ . Our new car is in it now.
My house is a two-storey  building. On the first floor, there is a large living room, a dining room, a kitchen and a bathroom. I like watching TV in the living room. On the second floor, there is a small study and two bedrooms. I love to play computer games in my study.
It's a nice house. I like it a lot.
The question is: The big tree is   _   the house.
The possible answers are:
A:in front of
B:behind
C:under
D:onMany overseas Chinese make their kids learn the Chinese language because they don't want them to lose their mother language.
In the city of Portland in the USA, there is a weekend Chinese school in a church. In the school, there are Chinese kids and American kids. They study Chinese on Saturdays and Sundays. Teachers at the school are usually some overseas Chinese women. Miss Tian is one of them. She is from Beijing. She teaches her students many Chinese characters, sentences and Chinese songs.
Most of these kids speak English better than Chinese, because they spend most of their time at the local school, and their classmates are American.Their teachers teach them in English.
When the overseas Chinese children get home after school, their parents often speak Chinese to them. Only at that time do they think they are at home.
The question is: What is the best title of this passage?
The possible answers are:
A:How to learn Chinese?
B:How to learn English?
C:Never forget your mother language
D:Learning Chinese is importantHello! Here is a UFO. And I am an alien .My name is Eric. Look!my jacket is nice. It's white. This is my pen. What color is it? It's red. And what's this in English? It's a ruler. It's a green ruler. What's that? It's an English CD. I like it. Do you like me?
The question is: Eric is  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:a CD
B:a pen
C:an alien
D:a jacketTwo years ago my husband bought me a bicycle. If you live in a city, it is often faster than a car and you don't have to worry about parking . You can leave it anywhere. Because it has a seat at the back and a basket at the front, I can take my daughter to school, to the library, to the shops, to anywhere.
I use it most in summer when the weather is warm and dry. It can be very unhappy in winter when it is cold and the rain is heavy. Of course, you must be careful on a bicycle. Accidents are not the only problems. One day I went shopping and came back late. I found my front wheel  missing. So I have to walk to the bicycle shop.
My husband uses my bicycle sometimes for short journeys. He says it is better than waiting for a bus. He still uses his car for longer journeys. I think that all this sitting down is making him fat and lazy. On my bike I get lots of exercise and fresh air, and this makes me feel a lot younger.
The question is: What's the best title for this passage?
The possible answers are:
A:Bicycle-Riding in the city
B:Riding in the city
C:A surprising present
D:My hobbyNow our environment is becoming worse and worse. Everyone wants to live healthily. Here is some information about what our life will be like in ten years.
Cars will run on a solar power   and will be much cleaner. They will be much safer. For example, if you are too close to another car or if you are driving dangerously, your car will slow down or stop by itself.
New cities will be built in the sea. Some cities on water will have two floors. People will live on the second floor, the first floor will be used for traffic, shops and factories.
Biotechnology   will make food better and healthier. Plants without insects will be developed. The taste of fruit and vegetables will be better and food will be able to keep longer.
Many new ways to cure illness   will be found. However, some new illness will appear  .
The question is: New cities will be built   _   in the future.
The possible answers are:
A:in the sea
B:in the sky
C:in the mountains
D:on landWelcome to FrightCatalog.com!  We have the widest selection of outfits you'll need to make your holiday one to remember. Regardless of age, men's, women's and kids' outfits are always fun to wear. The outfits give you a chance to live a life outside of your own for one whole night.
At FrightCatalog.com, there are countless adult outfits and kids' disguises  for you to choose from. If you are looking for something frightening or scary, we have it. If you are looking for something cute or funny, we also have it. If you want to combine the two, go ahead, we have that, too. Our passion makes it impossible not to collect the best products, which is why we have made it our goal to collect so many outfits.
Before you buy, ask yourself a couple of questions. First, do you want a full-body outfit, or a multi-pieced one? Full-body ones can be more detailed, but a multi-pieced outfit will not get as hot inside, which can be either good or bad. Next, are you going with a group? There is nothing more impressive than seeing a group of people dressed in theme. Lastly, do you have a favorite movie? We have plenty of movie disguises for you to choose from, like Star Trek, Alice in Wonderland or Wizard of Oz.
With a selection as large as ours, even your dog can enjoy this especially hallow night. You can turn your friend into Spider-Man, superman and countless other choices. If you already have your outfit picked out for yourself, search for a dog outfit that will match your own. For example, you could be the robber and your dog could be the policeman, or go for a Batman and Robin combination. Whatever you do, let your dog have some fun, too.
Our outfits let you have your October 31st experience, so you get the most out of this frighteningly entertaining night of tricks and treats. Take your time and find the one that catches your attention.
The question is: Where can the passage be taken from?
The possible answers are:
A:a story book
B:a maths book
C:the Internet
D:a scientific reportThe Mayan Indians lived in Mexico for thousands of years before the Spanish arrived in the 1500s. The Mayan achievements were many. They had farms, beautiful palaces, and cities with many buildings. The Mayan people knew a lot about nature and the world around them. This knowledge helped them to live a better life than most people of that time, because they could use it to make their lives more comfortable and rewarding . Knowledge about tools and farming, for example, made their work easier and more productive.
The Maya believed in many gods, including rain gods, sun gods, and corn gods. The people built large temples to honor the Mayan gods. Skillful workers built cities around these temples. It was difficult for them to build these cities, because they had no horses to carry the heavy stone they used to build with. Workers had to carry all of the building materials themselves. Today, many of these ancient Mayan cities and temples are still standing.
Although the cities that the Maya built were beautiful, and the people worked hard to build them, very few of the people lived in them. Usually, only the priests lived in the cities.
The other people lived in small villages in the forests. Their houses were much simpler than the _ buildings in the cities. They lived in small huts with no windows. The walls were made of poles covered with dried mud, and the roof was made of grass or leaves. Most Maya lived a simple life close to nature.
The Mayan priests studied the Sun, the Moon, stars, and planets. They made a calendar from what they learned. The year was divided into 18 months of 20 days each with five days left over. The Mayan calendar was far more exact than the European calendars of the time.
Around the year 800, the Maya left their villages and beautiful cities, never to return. No one knows why this happened. They may have died from some disease. They may have left because the soil could no longer grow crops. Archaeologists are still trying to find the lost secrets of the Maya.
The question is: From the passage we can infer that  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:most Maya lived in beautiful cities
B:many Mayan cities and temples are still standing
C:the Maya were intelligent and culturally rich people
D:the Mayan calendar was the same as European calendarsToday people can use the phone to talk with others almost anywhere on the earth. But when you use the phone , you don't see the person you are talking with . That may change in the near future .
Today some people are using a kind of telephone called the picture phone or vision phone. With _ , two people who are talking can see each other
Picture phones can be useful when you have something to show the person you're calling . They may have other uses in the future. One day you may be able to ring up a library and ask to see a book. Then you'll be able to read the book right over your picture phone. Or you may be able to go shopping through your picture phone. If you see something in the newspaper that you think you want to buy, you'll go to your phone and call the shop . People at the shop will show you the thing you're interested in right over the phone. You'll be able to shop all over the town and never leave your room!
The question is: Which is NOT true according to the passage ?
The possible answers are:
A:Today some people are using a kind of telephone called the picture phone or vision phone.
B:With the picture phone , two people can't see each other.
C:The phone is very useful .
D:Today people can use the phone to talk with others almost anywhere on the earth.People usually check whether their keys, wallets and phones are with them before going out . But many people in China now have one more important thing to take -- a face mask  . They hope that it can protect them from polluted air.
Since January, many cities in China have seen a lot of foggy days.In Beijing, only five days in January were free of smog . It is dirty air that looks like a mixture  of fog and smoke caused mainly by smoke from cars and factories in cities. Poor air has done harm to people's health, especially for children and old people. They fall ill easily and the hospitals are full of the the patients of respiratory   problems.
To respond to the air  problems, the Chinese government and many Chinese people have  started to take action. Beijing announced plans to use cle an fuel in government vehicles and plant trees. It also asked citizens to set off fewer fireworks for celebrations.
Three students from No.4 High School in Beijing wrote a report to advise how to fight the air pollution. They suggested that cars with large emissions  should not be allowed to use and factories should be closely watched.
We hope more people will join us in making a difference. With all our efforts , the blue skies will certainly return for good.
The question is: What can people do to prevent pollution?
The possible answers are:
A:use less coal than now
B:cut down on energy use
C:use less resources
D:reduce and make full use of energy and resourcesCome and see the Indian elephants and the new tigers form Northeast of China. The beautiful birds from England are ready to sing songs for you, and the monkeys from Mount Emei will be happy to talk to you. The lovely dogs from Australia want to laugh at you. Sichuan pandas will play balls for you. The giraffes from Africaare waiting to look down on you. Keep the zoo clean. Do not touch, feed or go near to the animals.
The question is: How many kinds of animals are mentioned  in the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:Three.
B:Four.
C:Five.
D:Seven.Mr Baker worked in a big factory. He was busy all the time and had little time to rest. One summer, he decided to go to the sea to spend his holidays.
One afternoon, it was very hot. Mr Baker came into a restaurant, sat at a table and wanted to drink. Just then, an old man came up to him and said, "How do you do, sir?" "How do you do?" Mr Baker asked the old man to sit next to him. "Have you been here before?" "No, I haven't." "You look lonely, don't you?" said the old man. "Let's have a bet, shall we?"
It interested Mr Baker, "But what shall we bet on?" "I can bite my left eyeball," said the old man, "I can bet you five dollars."
Mr Baker didn't believe and passed $5 on the table.
The old man took out his glass eyeball, put it into his mouth and bite it. Mr Baker had to give his money.
"It doesn't matter young man," the old man said. "I'll give you a chance to win the money back. I can also bite my right eye. I'll bet you $10."
"I'm sure he's able to see. And I must win his money," he thought. So he took out ten dollars from his wallet.
But he was very surprised, the old man took out his false  teeth and bit his right eye with it. Then he put the money into his pocket and went away quickly.
The question is: As   _  , he bet the old man ten dollars.
The possible answers are:
A:Mr Baker didn't think him blind  in both eyes
B:Mr Baker wanted to win the five dollars back
C:Mr Baker knew he had false teeth
D:Mr Baker wanted to help him in another wayOur "Timeline of Education" shows highlights of learning and education (especially related to Western education), going back to the very first education:
In the beginning: Adam got the very first lesson, from God: break the law and you pay the price.
3000 B.C. :Priests teach religion, writing, sciences.
0 B.C./A.D.: Jesus teaches in Jerusalem.
105 A.D.: Paper is invented in China.
1150-1250 : "Modern" universities founded.
1620s: Slide rule is invented, math is made easier.
1918 : All U.S. states require free education
Early 1980s: Television in the classroom. The availability of cheap VCRs makes video learning common.
Late 1990s: The Internet changes everything. E-learning courses develop.
http://www.worldwidelearn.com/education-timeline/education-timeline.htm#3000BC
The question is: It took about  _   years from the television to Internet.
The possible answers are:
A:50
B:40
C:20
D:10Taking away a city's rubbish is a big job. Every day trucks come into a city to collect it. Most rubbish is made up of things we can't eat or use. If we kept these things we would soon have a mountain of rubbish.
In some cities the rubbish is collected and taken outside of the city to a dump . Often the city dump is placed where the ground is low or there is a big hole. The kitchen rubbish is broken into small pieces and sent into the sewage system. The _ system takes away the used water from toilets, bathtubs  and other places.
To keep mice and flies away, some earth is used to cover the newly dumped rubbish. Later, grass may be planted on the rubbish-filled land. Finally, a house or a school may be built there, and then you'd never know that this had once been an old rubbish dump.
In other cities the rubbish is burnt in special places. The fire burns everything but the metal. Sometimes the metal can be used again in factories where things are made of metal. The food parts of rubbish are put in special piles where they slowly change into something called humus , which looks like black earth. It is rich with kinds of things that feed plants and help make them grow.
The question is: You can most probably read the passage in   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:a history book
B:a TV guide
C:a science book
D:a telephone bookWeekends are important for us. We can relax ourselves. Do you know what Americans in the early twentieth century (1900~1925) did on weekends? What do you do on weekends now? In the early twentieth century, people spent lots of time at home on weekends. Then, new inventions changed the weekends.
*People used electric streetcars to travel in the cities. On weekends, they rode the streetcars to the parks. Young people like roller coasters.
* The first movie _ only one minute. In the 1920s, movie theaters sold millions of tickets each week! In 1927, movies finally had sound. Sometimes people stayed at home and listened to another new invention --the radio.
* People in cities worked indoors during the weekdays, so they wanted to be outdoors on weekends. Bicycling became a popular activity.
* Now there are more inventions in our life. People have more time and money, too. So they have many ways to spend their weekends.
* People travel by their own cars. Or they can visit big parks like Disney World and ride modern roller coasters and go higher and faster than ever before. *
They can choose from lots of different movie theatres. Or they can watch videos at home.
* More and more people begin to do all kinds of sports at gym.
Others turn on their TV and watch sports on "Family Night".
The question is: Long time ago, people spent their weekends   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:at home
B:in the theatres
C:outdoors
D:in Disney WorldTo Make Everybody Happy
Peter's uncle lives in the country. Once in summer, Peter goes to stay with him for a few weeks. Whenever they go for a walk or for a drive in the car and pass somebody, his uncle waves to the passer-by. Peter is surprised and says, "Uncle Georage, you seem to know everybody here. Where did you meet them all?"
"I don't know all these people." answers his uncle. "Then why do you wave to them?" "Well, Peter ," says his uncle "When I wave to someone who knows me, he is pleased. He goes on his journey with a happier heart. But when I wave to someone who doesn't know me , he is surprised and says to himself, ' Who is that man? Why did he wave to me?' So he has something to think about during the rest of his journey, and that makes his journey seem shorter.So.I.make.everybody.happy.
The question is: Peter goes to the country  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:for his winter holidays
B:to see his sick uhcle
C:to spend summer with his uncle
D:because he gets into troubleReport Card   London Woodland School
Name: Alan     Class: 5        Grade: 8
Grade teacher:   Mr Jim Green
English:        Good work this term. He has a good memory and is good at speaking.  A
Maths:         Good. But sometimes he is careless.                              B
History:        He knows a lot about British history, but little about other countries.    B
Geography:     He is a clever student but sometimes doesn't do his best.            C
Home Economics:  Good. He likes it best. He can do things for himself.              A
The question is: Which of the following is right?
The possible answers are:
A:Alan knows a lot about American history.
B:Alan is clever and careful.
C:Alan got a good result in Geography.
D:Alan has a good memory.Reading for pleasure  is the easiest way to become a better reader in English. It is also the most important way.
Some students say they don't want to read for pleasure. They say they want to use their time to learn the rules of the language and new words. They say that pleasure reading is too busy.
Many experts say pleasure reading is very important for learning English. Dr Stephen Krashen, a famous expert on learning languages, says that pleasure reading helps you learn many important things about English. Students learn more grammar and more words when they read for pleasure. They also learn more about good writing.
Dr Krashen tells us that pleasure reading helps each student in a different way. Each student needs to learn something different. Pleasure reading makes it possible for each student to learn what he or she needs.
Reading for pleasure is not the same as studying. When you read for pleasure, you choose your own books, and you don't have to remember everything. There are no tests on your pleasure reading books. Pleasure reading will help you:
*learn how English speakers use English
*read faster in English
*find examples of good writing in English
*learn new words
*learn about the culture of English speakers
The question is: Each student needs to learn   _  by pleasure reading.
The possible answers are:
A:something difficult
B:something different
C:something easy
D:something importantGabriel Garcia Marquez ,who was awared the Nobel Prize for Literature in 1982,passed away at the age of 86 on April 17,2014. The world paused to remember the cultural giant .
Garcia Marquez was born in Colombia ,but he spent most of his adult life in Mexico City . As one of the most famous writers ,he was widely regarded as "a giant of 20th-century literature " . Garcia Marquez wrote in a style  called "magical realism "In such works,people live a daily life in a certain period of time in history . But meanwhile ,magical things happen to them .
Garcia Marquez is best known for his 1967 novel ,One Hundred Years of Solitude ,which has sold about 50 million copies . It tells the tale of the small and _ town of Macondo which was separated from the outside world -of its founding and its troubled history over a hundred years . The story is a metaphor for the development of Colombia since the 19century . As Colombian President Juan Manuel Santons said , Garcia Marquez wrote about "the very essence of the Latin American beings " .
The question is: The writer quotes from the President to   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:praise Garcia Marquez for his achievement
B:show the deep sadness of the President
C:explain the writing style of Garcia Marquez
D:describe the character of Garcia MarquezFour-bedroom house for sale
This house is on a quiet street only a few meters from the beach. It has a wonderful view of the sea and would suit a family or an investor . There are many international cafes and restaurants nearby, and it is only a short walk to the stores. It's near the bus stops. The house has two floors. On the first floor there is a modern kitchen, a large sitting room, a dining room, and a bathroom. On the second floor you will find four bedrooms. There are also two bathrooms. There is also a swimming pool and a beautiful garden around the house.
Please telephone Jim Watson at 014-735-8383.One -bedroom apartment  for sale
This apartment is on the top floor of a six-floor building and has a wonderful view of the city. There is a big park near the building. It is near the centre of the city. It will be a good home for a young couple . The apartment is freshly painted. A modern kitchen and a tidy bathroom make it very comfortable. The owners need money, so they are eager to sell it. Call Julie Kelly at 014-735-8484 for more information
The question is: Which is NOT true about the house?
The possible answers are:
A:It has a garden around it.
B:It is by the beach.
C:It is in a busy street.
D:It is large.In schools all over the world boys and girls are learning foreign languages. Everyone knows his own language , but knowing another one is very useful. If we go to England or the USA, we must be able to speak English. And in Japan people will expect us to understand Japanese. How many languages are there in the world? There are thousands of languages, but most of them are not very important, English is one of the most important languages because so many people use it, not only in England and the USA, but also in other parts of the world. About 300 million people speak it as their own language and another 200 million use it as a second language. It's difficult to say how many people are learning it. Million upon million of school children are trying to learn it.
The question is: This passage may be from   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:diary
B:dictionary
C:workbook
D:newspaperEvery time you turn on the television or take a ride in a car ,you could be adding to a problem called acid rain . In this article, you'll learn how acid is created, and how it affects us, and more importantly, what we all can do to prevent it.
How is acid rain created?
When people use fuels , such as coal and gasoline, poisonous gases are given off. When these gases mix with rain, acid rain forms. Many power stations burn fuels in order to create the electricity  that we use in our homes and offices every day. Cars and trucks also send these gases into the air when they burn gasoline .When rain mixes with these gases, harmful things called acids form. This is acid rain.
How does acid rain affect us?
Acid rain damages everything that it touches. It poisons our rivers, ponds, lakes, and oceans along with all the life in them. It pollutes our soil and crops, harms trees, and can even kill fish and plants. Acid rain also eats away at buildings.
How can we prevent acid rain?
We need to cut down on the pollution that gets into our air. Turn off lights, television, and other electrical appliances if you are not using them, Walk or take a bike whenever possible. If you are travelling a long distance, take a bus or train to save fuel.
As research shows, acid rain harms our environment. But people everywhere can take small steps now to help protect our environment for future generations.
The question is: What is the best title of the article?
The possible answers are:
A:Preventing Acid Rain
B:Forming of Acid Rain
C:Acid rain, Heavy Rain
D:Acid Rain, Killer RainArchie is a boy with dreams. His dreams are never boring. He thinks of them all day. He always
thinks out exciting ways to play.
One day, he made a _ . That was one of his dreams. He got his friends in it and that made
his friends happy. It really ran fast.
Later, he dreamed of a big and nice park. But when he told his friends about it, his friends didn't believe in him. They said it was difficult. But Archie still thought of it. He believed in himself, so he started it. At last, Archie succeeded. His park was fun and many people liked it.
The question is: How are Archie's dreams?
The possible answers are:
A:Boring.
B:Fun.
C:Small.
D:Large.Look at this picture! It's a picture of a room. What can you see in the picture? I can see an apple on the table. Can you see an English book on the table? No, I can't. Where is it? It's in the schoolbag! The schoolbag is on the chair next to  the bed. What is next to the table? Oh, it's a bookcase. Some books are in it. Look! What's that under the chair? It's a cat. A ball is beside  the cat. The ball is mine. It is a volleyball. I like playing volleyball very much.
The question is: Where's the English book?
The possible answers are:
A:It's on the table.
B:It's on the bed.
C:It's in the schoolbag.
D:It's in the bookcase.These days, when the world seems to be hard to control, walking can make you feel peaceful. It gives you a chance to slow down, to relax and to appreciate yourself and your life in general. It helps you slow down enough to breathe deeply, to calm your thoughts, and to research the natural world filled with wonders. And yes, to love yourself more.
Try to spend one day for a long travel on foot--far from the requirements of work and family. First, choose a date and mark it as your "relaxing day". Next, choose a place that you want to visit on foot. If you enjoy being out in nature, head to a wide and open place. Try to choose a place that's no more than 15 minutes from your home. You want to spend your time walking, not driving.
Walk at an easy speed so you can walk longer and farther. If you normally walk two miles a day, go for four to six miles. Wear comfortable clothes. If it's warm, wear a hat to protect your face. And don't forget your sunglasses-- not only to protect your eyes but also to give you a sense of privacy while you walk.
Before you go out, get up early so you can spend a few minutes relaxing. Relaxing is something few people spend in their spare time, but it leaves you feeling much lighter and less annoyed. Read something relaxing before you leave home, and it'll put you in a different condition of mind. And, of course, eat a healthy breakfast and drink plenty of water. Then pick up your backpack and head out. And enjoy yourself.
The question is: From the passage, we can control our feeling by  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:running a long way
B:having a long walk
C:talking with best friends
D:communicating with parentsCan you imagine that someone could cure all the diseases in the world? It seems like an impossible job, But Priscilla Chan wants to make it come true.
Chan, 31, is from the United States. Many people may know her as a wife of Mark Zuckerberg , the founder of Facebook. But Chan herself has done a lot to help people.
Chan and Zuckerberg said in September that they would give out $3 billion , that's about Y=20 billion in the next 10 years to help deal with all of the world's diseases. As a doctor for children, Chan was a big driver in this decision. "By investing  in science today, we hope to build a future in which all of our children can live long and meaningful lives," she said.
She cares about not only children's health but also their education. Before becoming a doctor, Chan taught science to the 4th and 5th graders at a school in California for a year. That year she started a project called The Primary School. It provides education for children from kindergarten to the 12th grade.
Chan herself knows how important education is to a child. She has a Chinese father and a Vietnamese mother. Her parents didn't come to the US with much. But they worked hard to make sure Chan and their other two daughters had the best opportunities  possible. Chan went to Harvard University in 2003 and now works as a doctor.
"I realized that I was so lucky to be what I was," said Chan. "It drives me to make sure others, no matter what background they have, can have their opportunities, to reach their dreams and their full potential ."
The question is: The project that Chan started provides education for  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:only kids in kindergarten
B:primary school students
C:the 4th and 5th graders at school
D:children from kindergarten to the 12th gradeA new Long March 
Twenty-one people from Hong Kong and the Chinese mainland began a new Long March on October 15. They will walk about 8,000 kilometers from Ruijin, Jiangxi to Wuqi, Shanxi. They hope to get 20.2 million Yuan to build 101 schools and help poor children go back to school. They hope to finish the march by August 16, 2012.
The football team
The Chinese under-17 football team is No. 1 in Asia. They won the Asian U-17 Championship(U-17)in Japan on Saturday. They beat the Democratic People's Republic of Korea by 1:0. After 85 minutes, Wang Weilong got the only goal. They took the cup for the first time in 12 years.
Liu leaves China
Chinese actor Liu Ye left for the US on Monday to make a film called Meteor(<<>> ).  He is going to act with the Hollywood film star Meryl Streep. His former classmate Zhang Ziyi sent Liu a message to encourage him. Liu was worried about his English, and worked hard on it before he left. People know him from films like last year's "Mei Ren Cao".
The question is: From the news,we know that the twenty-one people began a new Long March to   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:travel around China
B:visit some schools
C:teach poor children
D:get some money and help poor children go back to schoolMr Jones and Mr Brown worked in the same office. One day Mr Jones said to Mr Brown "We are going to have a small party at our house next Wednesday evening. Would you and your wife like to join us?"
Mr Brown said, "Thank you very much. That is very kind of you. We are free that evening,I think. But I will telephone my wife and ask her. Maybe   she wants to go somewhere else that evening." So Mr. Brown went to the other room and telephoned. When he came back,he looked very uneasy  .
"What's the matter?" said Mr Jones. "Did you speak to your wife?" "No," answered Mr Brown, "She wasn't there. My small son answered the telephone. I said to him, 'Is your mother there,David?' and he answered, 'No,she is not in the house!' 'Where is she then?' I asked. 'She is somewhere outside!' 'What is she doing?' 'She is looking for me.'"
The question is: Why was Mrs. Brown looking for David?Because   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:he went out of the house
B:he was answering father's phone
C:David had lost his way
D:she didn't know David was in the roomOne day, in an English class, the students are doing their lessons. Their teacher, a young woman, is very happy. She sings some nice songs with them and then she goes to the blackboard and writes "SMILES" on it.
"This is the longest word in English, " she says to the class.
A girl stands up and says, "It has only six letters. How can it be the longest word in English?"
The teacher smiles and says, "Oh, look! There is a mile  between the first letter and the last one. "
The question is: Is the word "smiles" the longest in English?
The possible answers are:
A:Yes.
B:Sure.
C:No.
D:Don't know.We are all busy talking about and using the Internet, but how many of us know the history of the Internet ?
Many people are surprised when they find that the Internet was set up in the 1960s. At that time, computers were large and expensive. Computer networks didn't work well . If one computer in the network broke down, then the whole network stopped. So a new network system had to be set up. It should be good enough to be used by many different computers. If part of the network was not working, information could be sent through another part. In this way computer network system would keep on working all the time.
At first the Internet was only used by the government, but in 1970s, universities, hospitals and banks were allowed to use it, too. However, computers were still very expensive and the Internet was difficult to use. By the start of the 1990s, computers became cheaper and easier to use. Scientists had also developed software that made " surfing " the Internet more convenient.
Today it is easy to get on-line and it is said that millions of people use the Internet every day. Sending e-mail is more and more popular among students.
The Internet has now become one of the most important parts of peoples' life.
The question is: _   made "surfing" the Internet more convenient .
The possible answers are:
A:Computers
B:Scientists
C:Software
D:InformationA 15-year-old student who invented a flashlight getting power from the holder's body heat is going home today from California with a big prize and a chance to do further research.
Ann Makosinski was the only Canadian among the four winners at Google's international science competition. Thousands of young scientists from around the world took part in the competition.
Winning the science and technology competition was "a surprise". Ann said, "I think it will have a great influence on my future."
Ann thanked her family for encouraging her interest in science and said that her first toy was a box of transistors .
The ideas for the invention came from seeing unwanted batteries and her friend's experience. When Ann visited a friend in the Philippines, she saw the friend couldn't study when it became dark because there was no electricity or light. She saw the need for a flashlight that has no batteries - Hollow Flashlight.
In her project, Ann wrote "I made two flashlights that do not use any batteries or harmful materials. They do not create any noise and will always work. The flashlight needs at least a 5degCtemperature difference between the holder's body and the environment around to produce light."
A video of Ann explaining how she created the flashlight has been watched more than 1.4 million times on the Internet.
Though Ann was successful, she has not made a decision about her career path. Ann hope that she can find a way to join her love of film and science together.
The four winners were chosen from 15 final competitors from eight countries. The competition attracted thousands of students in 120 countries.
The question is: In which part of a newspaper can we probably read this passage?
The possible answers are:
A:Travel.
B:Culture.
C:Technology.
D:Advertisement.Tahiti is the largest island of the French Polynesia in South Pacific. It covers 1,045 km and has a population of 183,600.The weather there is neither too hot nor too cold. It's always warm and humid.
Tahitian people are very friendly and welcoming. They welcome visitors with music, dance and flowers. The  Tiare Tahiti flower, which can only be found in Tahiti, is used for greeting arriving visitors and returning family, It's popular for women and men to wear the flowers behind their left ears.
In Tahiti, there are always a lot of things to do and to see. Around the island are hundreds of places perfect for diving. In the waters, you can meet all kinds of colorful fish and many other living things that you can't name. Feeding sharks is another exciting popular activity. You can stand in the water behind a safe rope to watch a shark trainer hand--feed the sharks, or enjoy this fantastic scene from the boat. If you want to find a place to swim, have a sun bath or admire the beautiful sunset, Pointe Venus Lighthouse, a black sand beach, is a great choice.
In the evening ,you can have Tahitian food, Chinese food and French--style dishes at To'ata, a square with many small restaurants. All kinds of fruit juice from coconut milk to pineapple juice can be found everywhere. Some hotels in Tahiti are built above the waters. Beautiful fish swimming below can be seen through the glass floor or coffee table. They are really wonderful places to relax and refresh you.
Tahiti, an amazing place to do everything or nothing at all, is waiting for you.
The question is: The weather in Tahiti is usually  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:hot
B:cold
C:warm
D:dryA study finds that not enough morning light causes teenagers not to get enough sleep at night. "As teenagers spend more time indoors, they miss necessary morning light. Day light is needed to keep the balance of the body's 24-hour biological system  , which regulates   body temperature and sleep styles," reports Dr. Mariana Figueiro. "These teenagers who receive little morning light are going to bed later, getting less sleep and doing badly in tests. They are more likely to fail in their exams."
In the study, Dr. Figueiro asked 11 students in Grade 8 to wear special glasses to prevent blue morning light from reaching their eyes. At the end of the 5-day study she found that they fell asleep 30 minutes later than usual.
Throughout her research, Dr. Figueiro has been very worried about teenagers going to bed too late. The problem is that today's schools require teenagers to be in school very early in the morning. These students are likely to miss the morning light because they often go to school before the sun is up or as it's just rising.
Furthermore  , the schools are not likely to provide enough electric light to keep the balance of this biological system. Our biological system is much more sensitive   to blue light. Therefore, having lots of light in the classroom does not make sure that there is enough light to keep our biological system balanced.
The question is: We know from the passage that morning light   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:has the same effects as afternoon light
B:may change studying habits of teenagers
C:is important to children's biological system
D:has no effect on students' testsThere is a big supermarket  near Mrs. Green's home. She usually goes there to buy food. The shop assistants are polite and helpful. The things are cheap, too.
One day, Mrs. Green goes to the supermarket. She buys some noodles. Biscuits are also their children's favorite food. And she buys some milk. Her children always have milk for breakfast. Mimi likes fish and Tim likes hot dogs. She buys some fish and sausages for them, too. Mrs. Green doesn't have any rice at home. So she buys a bag of rice, but she can't take it. It is very heavy. Her husband, Mr. Green is coming to the supermarket and carry the rice.
The question is: . Who helps Mrs. Green take the rice?
The possible answers are:
A:Mr. Green.
B:Mrs. Green.
C:Mimi.
D:Tim.David Beckham, a well-known football player, was born in London on May 2nd, 1975. He is about 1.8 metres tall. He is very strong and big. He is very quite a good football player. He scored a lot of goals for his old team---- the National Football Team of England  . He joined the Real Madrid   after he left  his old team. He wants to play football in Pairs in the next World Cup.
The question is: Which country  will hold the next World Cup?   _
The possible answers are:
A:France
B:China
C:the USA
D:JapanEverybody in London knew Mr. Scrooge. He was very rich but also very mean. The most important thing in his life was money!
At six o'clock Bob Cratchit, Scrooge's clerk, went to Mr. Scrooge. "Excuse me. sir. Tomorrow is Christmas Day, can l stay at home?"
"Stay at home," shouted Scrooge. "I don't pay you to stay at home!" "But it is Christmas," said Cratchit. "Very well," said Scrooge. "but you must work double hours on Boxing Day!" "Yes sir, certainly sir, Merry Christmas, sir." "Get out," shouted Scrooge. "Christmas! Everybody talks about Christmas!" said Scrooge. "It's just an excuse not to work. People want money too. Always money! For doing nothing!" Scrooge put on his hat and coat and left the office.
It was Christmas Eve and everyone was shopping. It was dark and Scrooge was alone. He saw a person dressed in black.
"Are you the Spirit  of Christmas to come?" asked Scrooge. The Spirit didn't speak. It pointed to a group of people. The people were talking. "Is he dead?" asked one man. "Yes. No-one will cry for him," said another. "He was a horrible, unkind man. He never gave money to us poor people. He wasn't a happy man." "Who's dead?" asked Scrooge. The Spirit pointed down. It was a grave . There were no flowers and no people there. "Who is it?" asked Scrooge nervously. The Spirit pointed again. "No, I don't want to look, I want to go home." But the Spirit didn't move. Very slowly Scrooge rubbed the snow away. On the grave were the words EBENEZER SCROOGE.
It was morning. Christmas morning. Scrooge was in bed! "I'm alive, I'm alive, how wonderful!" He jumped out of bed, singing and dancing as he went around the room. "What a beautiful day it is. I love Christmas. I love everybody."
He went to the butcher's and said, "Take the biggest turkey you have to Bob Cratchit's house." Scrooge met the two men collecting money for the poor. "Please take this," said Scrooge to the men and gave them a big sum of money for the poor. From that Christmas Scrooge was a new man. He helped the poor and was kind to everyone. He became a happy man and everybody loved him.
The question is: Why was Scrooge happy in the end?
The possible answers are:
A:He had more money than before
B:He made good friends with the Spirit.
C:Other people all came to help him.
D:He helped others and others loved him.Mary went to Canada on vacation. After a week, she came back to New York. She told lots of interesting things to her best friend, Jack. Jack was very interested in Canada and decided to have a visit there. The next summer vacation, Mary and Jack had a plan to go to Canada together. But her mother was badly ill so she went to the airport to see her friend off.
When they got to the airport, Mary had to got to the washroom. When she came back, she couldn't find Jack because there were so many people at the airport. She looked for him everywhere, but it was hard to find Jack among the people. Suddenly Mary saw Jack and she felt very happy, so she shouted,"Hi, Jack. Here, here." At the same time, Jack waved his arms,"I'm
here."
In 3 minutes, so many policemen came to the front of Jack and caught him, "Please come with me to the police office." After the policemen found out the reason, they let them free. Why? Because the word "hijack" in the English has different meanings.
The question is: Mary lived in   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:Canada
B:London
C:Toronto
D:New YorkOnce upon a time all feelings went to an island for a vacation, and each was having a good time. Suddenly, a warning of a strong storm was announced ,so all rushed to their boats. Yet, Love did not wish to run away quickly. There was so much to do. But as the clouds darkened, Love realized it was time to leave. But there were no boats to spare. Love looked around with hope.
Just then Richness was passing by Love in a grand boat. Love shouted, "Richness, can you take me with you?" Richness answered, "No, I can't. There is a lot of gold and silver in my boat. There is no place here for you."
Love decided to ask Vanity  who was also passing by in a beautiful boat for help, But Vanity said with a cold voice, "No, I can't take you with me. My boat will get dirty with your mummy feet."
Sorrow passed by after some time. Again, Love asked for help. But it was useless. "No, I can't take you with me. I am so sad. I want to be by myself."
When Happiness passed by a few minutes later, Love again called for help. But Happiness was so happy that it hardly concerned about anyone else.
Love was growing restless and hopeless. Just then somebody called out, "Come, Love, I will take you with me." Love did not know who was being so kind, but jumped onto the boat happily.
After getting off the boat, Love met Knowledge. Love asked, "Knowledge, do you know who was so kind to give me a lift when no one else wished to help?"
Knowledge smiled, "Oh, that was Time,"
"Time?" asked Love. "But why did Time help me?" Knowledge smiled with deep wisdom and answered, "Because only Time is capable of understanding how valuable Love is."
The question is: Other feelings passed by Love in their boats one by one. Which is the right order according to the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:Richness-Vanity-Sorrow-Happiness-Time
B:Richness-Happiness-Sorrow-Vanity-Time
C:Time -Richness-Vanity-Sorrow-Happiness
D:Richness-Happiness-Vanity-Sorrow-TimeBob has a good friend, Caesar. He is a brown dog. He is not very old. Bob gets him from Mr. Mason.
One day Bob's father, mother and Bob go to the Mason's farm   for lunch. After lunch, Mr. Mason says, "I'm going to a big city. So I can't take him there. You can't have a young dog in a big city."
" Let me have him, Mr. Mason.  He knows me well and we have no dog, " Mr. Mason looks at Bob's mother and father.
"Please , Mother, let me have him," says Bob.
"Ask your father," says she.
"Please, Dad?"
"Yes, you can have him."
"Thank you, dear dad. Thanks, Mr. Mason. Come here, Caesar."
"See! The dog is his now," says Mr. Mason.
The question is: What color is Caesar? It's  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:black
B:yellow
C:brown
D:whiteHave you ever been sad because you failed in something? If so, please remember, for often, achieving what you expect is not the most important thing. Here is a story to tell you why.
One day a little boy decided to dig a hole behind his house after watching a science program. As he was working, a couple of boys stopped by to watch. "What are you doing?" asked one of the visitors. "I want to dig a deep hole all the way through the earth!" the boy answered excitedly. The older boys began to laugh, telling him that it was impossible to do it. Then they left.
The little boy kept on digging and digging. Suddenly, a few small colorful stones caught his eyes. He collected them and put them into a glass jar   patiently. Humming   a song, he went on digging. The jar was full soon. Then he talked to himself calmly and proudly, "Maybe I can't finish digging all the way through the earth, but look at what I have found in the process   of digging!"
The boy's goal   was too difficult, but it did cause him to go on, in other words, to cause us to keep working!
Not every goal will be achieved. Not every job will end up with a success. Not every dream will come true. But when you can't achieve your goal, maybe you can say, "Yes, but look what I've found along the way! There are so many wonderful things that have come into my life because I tried to do something!" _ It is the unexpected joy on the journey that really has a meaning.
The question is: What did the older boys think of the little boy?
The possible answers are:
A:He was silly.
B:He was strict.
C:He was strong-minded.
D:He was energetic.There was once a spider  that lived in a cornfield  . She liked this home and planned to stay there for the rest of her life.
One day, the spider caught a little bug in her web. Just as the spider was about to eat him, the bug said: "If you let me go, I will tell you something important that can save your life."
The spider thought for a little while and listened. "You'd better get out of this cornfield," the little bug said. "The harvest is coming!"
"I think you are just telling me a story," the spider said with a smile.
"Oh no, it is true," the little bug said. "All the stalks   will be knocked down, and the corn will be gathered up. You will be killed by the giant machines if you stay here."
"I don't believe you," the spider said as she ate the little bug for lunch.
A few days later, the spider was laughing about the story the little bug had told her. She thought to herself: "A harvest! What a silly idea. I have lived here all of my life, and nothing has ever disturbed   me."
The next day was a beautiful sunny day. The sky above was clear, and there was no wind at all. That afternoon, as the spider was about to take a nap  , she noticed some thick dusty clouds moving towards her. She could hear the noise of a great engine  , and she said to herself: "I wonder what that could be?"
The question is: What might happen to the spider?
The possible answers are:
A:It might be killed by the great machines.
B:It might escape from the cornfield.
C:It might still live the cornfield.
D:It might be saved by another bug.Our little boy came up to his mother one evening while she was cooking supper, and handed her a piece of paper with some words written on. And this is what it said:
For cutting the grass in the garden $5.00
For cleaning up my bedroom this week $1. 00
For going to the store for you $0. 50
For baby-sitting my kid brother while you went shopping $2. 25
For taking out the rubbish $1. 00
For getting a good report card $5. 00
Total owed  :  $14.75
After reading, his mother thought for a while. Then she picked up the pen, turned over the paper and wrote:
For the nine months I carried you while you were growing inside me--free
For the nights and days I worried about you--free
For the toys, clothes, food--free
For all the love I've given you--free
Then with tears in his eyes, our son looked straight up at his mother and said, "Mom, I love you. " And he took the pen and wrote: "PAID IN FULL".
The question is: The boy handed the piece of paper to his mother in the   _   one evening.
The possible answers are:
A:kitchen
B:store
C:bedroom
D:gardenMrs Brown was very fat. Her husband  thought she should go on a diet, and he made her eat no meat or cakes.
One morning, Mrs Brown made a nice cake for her husband, and he ate half  of it. After he went out, Mrs Brown cut a very small piece of the cake and ate it. It was very delicious. Then she cut a bigger piece and ate it, too. In a few minutes she finished up the cake. "My husband is going to be very angry," she thought. "What should I do?" She made another cake very quickly, ate half of it, and put the other half on the table. Mr. Brown came back later. When he saw the half of the cake on the table, he was very happy.
,. (5,2, 10)
The question is: Which of the following is true?
The possible answers are:
A:Mrs Brown ate half of the first cake and left the other half for her husband.
B:Mrs Brown ate half of the first cake and half of the second one that morning.
C:Mr. Brown ate four cakes that morning.
D:Mr. Brown didn't eat any cakes that morning.There was once a violinist who said he was not afraid of animals that are dangerous. He said in a proud way, "Even a bear would be as quiet as the friendliest cat when hearing my music." But he had never played, and no one believed him.
A chance to show his words arrived just when a circus   came to the town. The musician came to the ringmaster   and told what he could do.
"Wow, that's interesting." The ringmaster said. "We just have three new lions and they haven't worked with the lion tamer   yet. Let's see what you can do with them." The violinist agreed and the whole town crowded the hall to see what would happen.
The violinist was standing quietly in the center of the ring with a smile. Then the ringmaster opened the door of the cage   and jumped out angrily a huge lion, shouting and showing his teeth. Everyone was too nervous to breathe.
Still with the smile , the violinist began to play. The beautiful music rose , then the lion sat down and began to enjoy the music. Everyone lost themselves in the music. The lion did, too. For the second lion,  _ .
Then it's the third lion's turn to appear and everyone there was waiting for the lion to be quiet just like the other two . But the lion ran up to the man and ate him.
All the people were surprised. The other two lions asked angrily, "What have you done ! We were enjoying the music!" The third lion put his paw( ) to its ear and said, "Sorry, I can't hear you. I have been deaf for 5 years."
The question is: Why did the third lion run to the man and eat him?
The possible answers are:
A:Because he hated the violinist.
B:Because he didn't think the music was beautiful.
C:Because he couldn't hear the music at all.
D:Because he was very hungry.An Apple's Words
I am an apple. You can find me growing  in many places  in the world. I am like my cousins, pears and bananas. I am more round than a pear, and bananas are longer than I. I am delicious , so people all over the world like to eat me. I cost very little money and I help make people healthy. There is a saying in English :
. Don't you think I'm great?
The question is: The best title of the passage is   _
The possible answers are:
A:All kinds of fruits
B:Apples are delicious
C:An apple a day keeps the doctor away
D:ApplesLi Ming is a runner, he runs for the spring sports on the playground every day.Our school is holding the sports meeting today.Li Ming is in the 1500 Meters'Race.At first he runs very fast,but then he falls on the ground.His left leg is hurt.It is a long way from the end of the race.What will he do? People are looking at  him.Li Ming gets up a nd walks the rest of the way.Li Ming doesn't win the race,but he wins a prize for walking.
The question is: Li Ming is good at   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:runner
B:playing football
C:playing basketball
D:runningIt was another day to jump rope in gym class. Lynn and Mike turned the long rope in big, slow circles. The whole class hurried to get in line to wait for their turn to jump. Millie stood at the back of the line and _ .
Nick went first. He watched the rope and ran in at just the right time. Everyone counted. He made it all the way to 30 jumps. One after another, the kids watched the rope, ran in, and jumped. Then it was Millie's turn. She watched the rope go around and around, but she didn't move. She felt like everyone was looking at her.
Millie's friends cheered. "Go, Millie, go!"
Millie's face turned red. At last, she gave it a try, but she failed.
The truth was that Millie had been jumping rope at home every day. With a short rope, she could jump 100 times without missing. She just didn't know how to run in and start jumping with a long rope. Since she was the only kid on her street, there was no one to help turn the long rope.
Just then, Ms Miles, the gym teacher, brought out a bunch of short jump ropes.
"Let's see how long each one of you can jump without missing," she said as she gave each student a short rope, "Ready, set. Go!"
Millie smiled for the first time ever in gym class. As she jumped, she sang rhymes quietly to herself.
After a while, Millie realized that everyone was cheering, "Go, Millie, go!"
She was the only one still jumping rope! The surprise almost made her miss a step, but she kept going. When at last she was too tired to go on, she stopped. The whole class cheered. Everyone was looking at her and smiling. Millie smiled back!
The question is: What problem did Millie have at the beginning of the story?
The possible answers are:
A:She didn't have any friends in her class.
B:She felt sad because Nick made fun of her.
C:She didn't know the cheers that the other kids knew.
D:She didn't know how to start jumping with a long rope.Sarah is from France. She lives in Paris. She can speak French and English, but she can't speak Chinese. She has a pen pal in the United States. Her name is Jane and she lives in New York. Sarah's favorite sport is basketball and she can play the guitar, too. Jane's favorite sport is tennis. She can't play the guitar, but she can play the piano and sing.
The question is: Jane is   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:a Chinese
B:a Korean
C:an American
D:a JapaneseWe have heard about people who have special memories. Recently there has been a report about a woman from Australia who can remember almost every detail   of all the events in her daily life.
Rebecca Sharrock, 25, is one of just 80 people worldwide who have been identified  as having Highly Superior Autobiographical Memory ( HSAM,). It means she can remember every small event-which most people would forget with in (......)  days-as if it had happened just minutes ago.
"I remember my mum putting me in the driver's seat of a car and taking a picture of me when I was 12 days old," she said. "That's my earliest memory. I remember every day since then. I can't tell all the dates exactly because I was too young to understand calendars, but I remember what I did that every day, what the weather was like and so on."
Rebecca can also re-experience taste. If she's eating something that she doesn't like, she thinks about Black Forest cake, her favorite food, and the memory will be so strong that she can nearly "taste" it.
However,  sometimes her memories prove   to be painful. Because they're not just events that she remembers. "When I relive   memories, the feelings return, too," Rebecca said. "For example, I remember falling over when I was three at my grandparents' house and hurting my left knee. Talking about it now, I feel painful in my left knee. "
"At night, I have to sleep with the radio/recorder and a soft light on, she added. "1f it's too dark or quiet, my mind would be filled with all these memories and I can't sleep. "
The question is: What is the result of having HSAM?
The possible answers are:
A:She can remember every event in her daily life.
B:She can re-experience taste.
C:She can relive feelings.
D:All the above.Once  there lived a lion in the big mountain.He was very big and strong.He often ate the other animals.Every day he went out to look for food.The small animals in the mountain were all afraid of him.Near the mountain there were four bulls .They are friends, and they often worked and played together.The tiger tried  many times to catch them, but he could not do so.Every time he came near, the four bulls stood together to fight  him.So he could do nothing to them.
One day, the four bulls had a quarrel .After that each of them went his own way.When the lion saw this,  he was happy.He caught one bull and ate him up .Then he caught another.One by one  he caught all the four bulls and ate them up.
The question is: Why were the animals afraid of the lion?  Because the lion   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:didn't love them
B:wanted to eat them
C:wanted to play with them
D:wanted to make friends with them.Has a doctor ever given you a note to take to the chemist for some medicine? Are you able to read the note easily? Some doctors write clearly , but most doctors do not. Chemists  have more chances to read doctors' notes, but sometimes doctors write so badly that even the chemist can't read them.
One day a lady wrote to a doctor inviting him to have dinner at her house. The doctor wrote an answer, but he didn't write clearly and the lady couldn't read it.
"What shall I do?" she said to her husband, "I don't know whether he is coming or not. I don't want to give him a telephone call and say that I can't read his writing."
Her husband thought a moment, then he had an idea.
"Thank you," said his wife. "That's a very good idea."
She went to the chemist's shop and gave the doctor's note to the chemist. The chemist looked at it very carefully. Then he said politely, "Could you wait a moment, madam?" He went to the back of the shop. After a few minutes he returned carrying a large bottle. He gave the bottle to the lady and said, "Three times a day and one spoonful at a time."
The question is: A chemist is a person who   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:takes medicine
B:studies chemistry
C:can read doctors' writings
D:sells medicineDifferent people have different hobbies. For example, some people like reading, some people like swimming and some people like collecting something and so on. I have many hobbies, such as reading, skating, and traveling. I used to read books in my free time. I like reading because I could learn much by reading. At that time, reading was part of my life. Every day, I spent most of my free time reading books, newspapers and magazines. At night, I could hardly get  to sleep without a novel in my hand.
But later I found I could only learn from books by reading. I couldn't get knowledge from others. I needed a _ . Traveling is my hobby now. I can visit many different places by traveling. I can learn a lot about people, geography and history. It's very interesting.
I have many good friends. They all have their hobbies. Ann studies very hard. So her hobby is reading all kinds of books. Tony loves working with her hands, and his hobby is gardening. He usually plants flowers and trees in his yard. Judy is a quiet girl. She likes knitting . She always knits sweaters for her dolls. We have different hobbies, but we are all good friends.
(5)
The question is: _  is not the writer's hobby according to the passage.
The possible answers are:
A:Reading
B:Swimming
C:Skating
D:Traveling"BANG!" the door caused a reverberation  . It was just standing there, with father standing on one side, and I on the other side.
We were both in great anger. "Never set foot in this house again!" stormed father. With tears welling up in my eyes, I rushed out of the flat and ran along the street.The street lights were shining, causing rather sad-feeling. I walked around aimlessly.
A young father who held a child in his arms walked past me. I felt as if I saw my childhood from another space: happy and carefree.
But now ... I don't know whether it is because I have grown up or because dad is getting old. We differ in our ways of thinking. He always put his opinions of behavior on me. Whenever I do something wrong, he never admits  it. We are just like two people coming from two different worlds. It feels like there is an iron door between us that can never be opened.
I wandered the streets, without a destination in mind. My heart was frozen on this hot summer night. As I walked on there were fewer and fewer people on the streets, until I had only the street lights to keep me company. When I finally reached the high-rise apartment block in which I lived, I saw that the light was still on.
I thought to myself: "Is father waiting for me, or is he still angry with me?"
In fact, it was nothing. Perhaps, dad was throwing away some of his old stamps. Perhaps he thought they were useless. I never had the courage to tell him that I liked collecting stamps.
All the lights were off except father's.
Dad was always like this. Maybe he didn't know how to express himself. After shouting at me, he never showed any moments of regret. However, after an argument he has the habit of _   while I am sleeping.
This was how he always was.He has been a leader for so long that telling everyone else what to do has become his second nature.
The light was still on. "Am I wrong?" I whispered, maybe... With the key in hand, I was as nervous as I had ever been. At last, I decided to open the door. As soon as I opened the door tears ran down my face. I suddenly realized that the iron door that I had imagined between us did not exist at all. Love--it's second to none!
The question is: Which of the following would be the best title for this passage?
The possible answers are:
A:The Generation Gap
B:ASleepless Summer Night
C:An Iron Doorinside
D:Father's LoveOne of the most common forms of public speaking is the --presentation||. A presentation is one of the best ways of communicating your message. This article will give you seven of the most important areas to consider when giving any presentation.
*Preparation Prepare! Prepare! Prepare! Good preparation is very important for any presentation. With good preparation and planning you will be fully confident. This will give you control. With control, you will be --in charge|| and your audience   will listen positively to your message.
*Structure A good presentation has a clear structure, like a good book or film. It usually has a beginning, a middle part and an end.
*Equipment You may use any of the following pieces of equipment as you want: whiteboard, flipchart, overhead projector, 35 mm slide projector and computer graphics.
Each of these has advantages and disadvantages. The important thing is to know and understand your equipment perfectly, and then you can use it freely and properly.
*Visual Aids --A picture is worth 1,000 words.|| There are many types of visual aids   - photographs, maps, tables etc. But you should use them with care. Do not overload your audience with too much information in a short time. A good rule is: use one image to give one message.
*Signposting When you read a book, you know where you are. You know the title of the book, the end of one chapter, and even the page number. But when you give a presentation, your audience does not know where they are - unless you TELL them! You can use special language called --signaling|| or --signposting|| to help you. Here are a few examples: Let's begin by...; Now we'll move on to...; To start with...later...; To finish up....
*Audience Relations You need a warm and friendly relationship with your audience. How do you achieve this? Well, enthusiasm is contagious. If you are enthusiastic  , your audience will be enthusiastic too. Try to make eye contact with each member of your audience. Each person should feel that you are speaking to him or her personally.
*Body Language Your BODY speaks to your audience even before you open your mouth. From your clothes, walk, glasses, haircut and your expression, your listeners form their first impression as you enter the room.
The question is: How will you be fully confident in a presentation according to the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:With necessary equipment.
B:With enough visual aids.
C:With proper body language.
D:With careful preparation.Which country grows the most tea? The answer is India. It grows three times as much as China. Which country drinks the most tea? It's neither China nor Japan. It's Great Britain.
In the wild, tea plants may be 30 feet tall. But a plant grown for market is pruned. Pruning keeps the plant only three or four feet tall. This is an easy height for tea picking. Only the two top leaves and bud of each new shoot are picked. So to make money, tea plantations must be huge.
In general, there are two kinds of tea. Black tea and green tea. Black tea is fermented. In the process, the tea loses nearly all of its healthy qualities. Green tea is steamed right after the leaves are picked. Green tea _ its healthy qualities. For example, it may prevent heart disease.
How did we get tea bag? The answer: by accident. Tea merchants used to send samples in tin boxes. This was costly. One merchant thought of a cheaper way. He sent samples in small silk bags. Customers would cut open the bag. They would brew the leaves as usual. One customer put the bag into a pot. Then he just poured hot water over it. And the tea bag was born.
Shen Nong was the first to drink tea. (Shen was a Chinese emperor.) This was about 2737 B.C. Shen had bad digestion. So he drank several cups of hot water daily. One day something happened. Leaves from a wild tea tree fell into the hot water pot. The next cup was poured. The water was now colored. Shen sipped it. He liked it. He drank it all. Shen was proud of his new drink. He served it to his guests. Word spread. People thought this way. Tea is good enough for the Emperor. So it must be good enough for the people. Tea became the drink of China.
The question is: One difference between green tea and black tea is that green tea   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:must be pruned
B:has a better taste
C:is fermented
D:is healthierMr. Hunt was living in a village and he wanted to go to an office one day. He got into his car and drove to the city. He went there without any trouble and stopped in front of the door. He locked his car and started to go into the office, but then he turned around and went back to his car. "I've left my keys in it!" he said to himself. Then he called his wife and said, "Excuse me, but I've locked my keys in my car, please bring your keys to me."
Mrs. Hunt got into their second car and drove thirty kilometers to her husband. But while Mr. Hunt was waiting, he walked around his car and tried the other door. It was not locked. He locked it quickly before his wife arrived.
,.
The question is: Mr. Hunt found  _  while he was waiting for his wife.
The possible answers are:
A:his keys in his pocket
B:he didn't lock both of the doors of the car
C:he got to a wrong office
D:he could get his keys without his wife's helpI'm Sam. My hobby is playing chess --one of the greatest games in the world. My mom taught me how to play when I was 7. She beat  me every time for the first year. But then on my eighth birthday, I won for the first time. I nearly always beat her from then on.
It takes about a day to learn the rules . But if you want to be good, you have to practice for years. You don't need much to play chess--just a chess set  and someone to play with.
Chess sets can be quite cheap, or very expensive. Some people collect chess sets as a hobby, but some prefer playing.
There is a chess club in our school, and we meet every week to play with each other. I'm the best player in the club, and the captain of the school chess team. This year we won the All English Schools' Championship , and I had to go up on stage  in front of the whole school to collect the trophy .
I'm saving up my money to buy a chess computer. It's very expensive, but very good for practice. In that way, I'll always have someone to play with. One day I will be the world chess champion .
,.
The question is: Sam has got   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:a chess computer
B:a chess club
C:a chess set
D:Both A and BStop. Listen! What do you hear? You may hear many different sounds. Some of those sounds may be noise. Noise is a loud or unwanted sound.
Noise can be caused by many kinds of machines, such as motorcycles, jet planes and farm tractors . Rock music is also noise.
What happens to people who live near noisy machines or use them over a period of time? Doctors have found that these people have trouble in sleeping. But, most important, constant  loud noise can cause a loss of hearing.
Scientists use a unit of measure called decibel  to measure the loudness of a sound. The sound of a quiet room, for example, measures 35 decibels. Talking measures between 40 and 65 decibels. Sounds from traffic and from some rock bands can measure over 120 decibels. Noise at this high level  causes the great hearing loss.
The question is: A decibel is a  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:unit that measures sound
B:kind of noise
C:machine that makes loud noise
D:person who hates soundHawaii is famous for its beaches. Every year water sports, especially surfing and water skiing attract many tourists to the island.
Hawaii has been a magical name to people who like to travel for many years. People on both sides of the Pacific Ocean  in Japan and in America, dream of seeing these beautiful islands in the middle of the ocean. In the tropical  lands, the sun drops like a ball of golden glow  that light the sky in the quiet water.
People often have a quiet, enjoyable time walking along the water. The scenery here is not very different from the exciting beauty that greeted the first tourists to these islands centuries ago. They came in canoes not much bigger than small boats.
They found the beautiful white sand beaches and the waving palm trees , but there were no grand hotels like the ones we see today. The first people came to Hawaii nearly two thousand years ago, but skyscraper  hotels were only built in the last 25 years. Now planes make it possible to fly to Hawaii for a weekend from Tokyo or San Francisco.
No matter where people come from, they really want to see the earliest beauty of Hawaii. They want to see the lovely beaches and the mountains which are almost hidden by the tall hotels.
The question is: When did the first people come to Hawaii?
The possible answers are:
A:In 1987
B:About twenty-five years ago.
C:In 1012.
D:About two thousand years ago.Have you ever dreamed of visiting a planet in the Milky Way? While the trip sounds exciting, it would take years and years to reach the place that we are going to. So in the future, bedtime for astronauts may be more than a few hours of regular shut-eye. They would have to sleep for years.
European researchers are now doing hibernation experiments. The study may help them understand whether humans could ever sleep through the years it would take for a space flight to distant planets. "If there was an effective technology, it could make deep-space travel come true," said Mark Ayer of the European Space Agency last month.
What seems like science fiction is not completely impossible. Researchers have been able to use chemicals to put living cells into a sleep-like state where they don't age. They have now moved on to small, non-hibernating mammals like rats. The results will be out soon.
A major challenge is the fact that cells can be very simple systems, but body organs are far more complex .
"It's like moving from a simple Apple computer to a supercomputer," said Marco Biggiogera, a hibernation researcher at Italy's University of Pavia.
Just like bears and frogs, the hibernation of human beings would cause a person's metabolism   to lower so they would need less energy.
Medical research, however, is just half of a space flight hibernation system.
There is the challenge of designing a suitable protective place to live. Such a place would provide the proper environment for hibernation, such as the proper temperature. It would also have to monitor   life functions and serve the physiological needs of the hibernator.
According to Ayer, the six-person Human Outer Planets Exploration Mission to Jupiter's moon   Callisto, could be an opportunity to use human hibernation. The mission aims to send six humans on a five-year flight to Callisto, where they will spend 30 days, in 2045.
, .
The question is: According to the article, the research   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:is just an idea
B:is always a science fiction
C:has already finished successfully
D:has made some progressSports City Bar
Every Tuesday and Thursday evening, in Sports City Bar everyone can a " Buy one, get one free . 
At our Sunday Family Buffet  , We have games for children. The buffet is from 11:00 a.m. to 2:00 p.m.
And costs 98 yuan per adult . Children aged 12 to 16 eat for half price, and children under 12(two at most) eat for free.
Happy hours at Sports City Bar are from 6:00 p.m. to 8:00 p.m. Buy one drink, get one free.
Tel: 65158855--3349
Location :The third floor.
The question is: The Sports City Bar is   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:on the first floor
B:on the second floor
C:on the third floor
D:on the fourth floorThe voice of China was not hot during the summer of 2012.
The voice of China is a large music show in China. This show is also the only one which regards the voice as the only ruler. It premiered at 21:15 on July 13,2012,on the Zhejiang Television. It has attracted great attention. The show became an overnight sensation.
The first season used "Real voice, real music " as its slogan . As a mentor ,singers like Liu Huan, Na Ying, Yu Chengqing and Yang Kun were responsible  for seeking world-shaking voices of China in the following three and a half months, through four steps ,namely "blind choosing" "blind selecting" "team PK" "yearly grand ceremony".
It is really a miracle   that The voice of China can stand out in the flood of today's talent shows in China , and attracts the audience . A great number of audience said this was the best television show last summer. They were all proud of these good voices of China.
The students' beautiful voices moved everyone. Xu  Haixing , a girl from Chengdu ,sang Self to realize her father's dream and Liu Huan was moved to tears by her song . Huang Yong sang In Spring showing his sticking to his dream and Yang Kun cried for this. The blind girl Zhang Yuxia, a busker from Taiwan, played while singing. She was called "Deng Lijun No.2" for her unique voice, and her sincere feeling touched everybody. Na Ying went to the stage to sing with the students together twice.
The voice of China doesn't care about magnificent  clothes and wonderful dancing. It regards "inspiration" and "professionalism" as the ruler of music. The singer uses their songs to tell real stories and the happiness of life.
The question is: From the passage we know Liu Huan was deeply moved by   _   song.
The possible answers are:
A:Na Ying's
B:Xu Haixing's
C:Huang Yong's
D:Zhang Yuxia'sTeachers Wanted
Do you like kids? We need a teacher for our son. He's six years old. We want you to work from March to November, 3 pm. to 6 pm., but you don't need to work in July and August. You can get Y= 30 an hour  . Sometimes we want you to work on weekends, and you can get Y=45 an hour.
You need to:
*Help our son with Chinese.
*Read to him.
*Play with him.
*Go to movies with him.
You need to work at my home. We live in   Taipei Road, next to the Zhongshan Bus Station .
Please call (02)2956-4938. Ask Miss Liu.
The question is: Which is  _   ?
The possible answers are:
A:The teacher can get Y=30 an hour on weekends.
B:The student is a boy of six.
C:The teacher can call Miss. Liu.
D:The teacher can take a bus to workHundreds of years ago, news was carried from place to place by people on foot or by horse. It took days, weeks and sometimes months for people to receive news. Now it is possible to send words and pictures around the world in seconds. Billions of people learn about news stories of their own country and all over the world every day either by watching TV or reading newspapers.
Newspapers have been an important part of everyday life since the 18th century. Many countries have hundreds of different newspapers. How do newspaper editors  decide which news stories to print? Why do they print some stories and not others? What makes a good newspaper story?
Firstly, it is important to report new stories. TV stations can report news much faster than newspapers, but newspapers give more about the same story. They may also look at the story in another way, or they may print completely different stories from those on TV.
Secondly, a new story has to be interesting and unusual. People don't want to read stories about everyday life. As a result, many stories are about some kinds of danger and seem to be "bad" news. For example, newspapers never print stories about planes landing safely, instead they print stories about air crashes.
The question is: According to the passage, how do people learn about news stories in the world now?
The possible answers are:
A:They tell others news stories from place to place on foot or by horse.
B:They learn about news stories by watching TV or reading newspapers.
C:They tell each other what they have seen with their eyes.
D:They listen to the radio every day to get some information.Some people believe that classes, teachers and school buildings will no longer be necessary in the near future because of the Internet and other new technology. Perhaps this will be true one day, but if the world has no schools, I can't imagine how our society will be. In fact, we should learn how to use new technology to make schools better. We should invent a new kind of school connected to libraries, museums, science centers, labs and even companies. Technological companies should create learning programs for schools. Scientists could give talks through the Internet. TV networks and local stations could develop programs about things students are studying in school. Labs could set up websites to show new technology, so students could see it on the Internet.
Is this a dream? No. There have been many cities where this is beginning to happen. Here the whole city is connected to the Internet, and learning can take place at home, at school, and in the office. Businesses provide programs for the schools and the society. The schools provide computer labs for people without their own computers at home. Because everyone can go on the Internet, older people use it as much as younger ones, and everyone can visit faraway libraries and museums as easily as nearby ones. How will this new thing of school change the usual way of learning? It is a little early to be sure, but it is very exciting to think about it. Technology will change the way we learn; schools will change as well; and we will learn something from the Internet.
The question is: What the writer thinks is that  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:schools are still necessary
B:more schools should be built
C:there should be fewer schools
D:more computers are needed in schoolsGeorge liked flying a plane. Once he bought a small plane and learned how to fly it. He soon became so good that he could make his plane do all kinds of tricks .
George had a friend. His name was Peter. One day George said to his friend, " Peter, would you like to have a trip in my plane?" Peter thought, " I've traveled in a big plane several times, but I've never been in a small one, so I'll go."
They went up, and George flew around for half an hour and did all kinds of tricks.Peter said in a shaken voice , " Well, George, thank you very much for these two trips in your plane."
George was very surprised and asked, " Two trips? "
"Yes, my first and my last." Answered Peter.
The question is: How many times did Peter travel in his friend's small plane?
The possible answers are:
A:Once
B:Twice
C:Three times
D:Several timesIf you don't often wash your hands, you can touch lots of viruses from many places and make yourself ill. You may have a cold when you touch your eyes, nose or mouth. One of the most common  ways people have colds is by touching their noses or their eyes when there are cold viruses on their hands. If you don't often wash your hands, especially when you're sick, you may make other people ill. So you should follow the advice and wash your hands:
* After using the bathroom.
* After touching your nose or coughing.
* Before eating, serving or preparing food.
* After touching pets or other animals.
* After visiting the sick people.
* When your hands are dirty.
There's a right way to wash your hands. Follow these advice and you can keep your hands clean.
* Use warm water (not cold or hot).
* Wash for 15 seconds .
* Wash well under warm running water.
The question is: The right way to wash hands is "  _  ".
The possible answers are:
A:Use cold water.
B:Wash for fifteen times.
C:Use hot water.
D:Use the warm running water.Snooker is a big sport in China.It is said that there are 300 million snooker players in China, so it's not surprised that some of the world's best players come from China.Ding Junhui is one of them.
When Ding Junhui was eight years old, there were not many snooker clubs.His father often played with his friends on a table in the street,and one day Ding Junhui played with one of his father friends and beat him.His father,a shoe salesman,discovered that his son was talented at snooker.He then took Ding Junhui to China's nation snooker training center in Dongguan,Guangdong Province.There.they lived in a room of five square meters.When they ran out of money.Ding's father phoned his wife and told her to sell their house.
After years of hard training,Ding turned professional in 2003 and became China's No.1.In 2005.more than 100 million people watched Ding Junhui win the 2005 World Snooker China Open.Since then, snooker has become more and more popular in China.
"When I was a small boy, snooker was not in the top 10 favorite sports in China,"Ding says."Table tennis was top, followed by soccer, basketball and badminton.Now,basketball is top,but snooker is surely in the top five."
The question is: Ding Junhui's father usually played snooker  ---When Ding Junhui was young.
The possible answers are:
A:in a club
B:in the street
C:at home
D:in a training centerToday is fine. The sky is blue, Now it's nine o'clock in the morning. There's a sports meeting in the forest on the big mountain. Look,a horse, a panda and a cat are running. Over there a dog and two tigers are jumping. Two monkeys are climbing the trees. Four birds are flying around and singing. There are some other animals there, too. The elephants are standing. A monkey is sitting on an old elephant. The monkey has a flag in his hand. Polly is sitting in the tree. A fox, a baby panda and some small animals are sitting under the tree. They are all watching.
The question is: Who're all watching at the meeting?
The possible answers are:
A:A tiger, a baby horse and some cats
B:Polly, an elephant and some small fish
C:A fox, a baby panda and some animals
D:A monkey, a baby cat and some birdsWho says that skirts are only for girls? Men can also wear them. Scotchmen have worn them for many years. They call their skirts kilts. A kilt is a colored skirt. It reaches down to the knee . It has different colored checks   on it, like red or blue. Some families in Scotland have their own colors and designs. From the kind of kilt they wear you can tell which group they come from.
The kilt goes back to the 1720s. Scottish soldiers used to wear them. Later, many Scottish men wore them. Today the kilt is not much seen in Scotland. However, in some parts of the country you can still see some older men wearing kilts. Most Scotchman see the kilt as formal dress for national celebrations, marriages or big dinners.
Even kilt makers have moved with the times. Some modern designs have a pocket for a mobile phone.
, .
The question is: Men in   _   wear skirts for many years.
The possible answers are:
A:Spain
B:Korean
C:Japan
D:ScotlandPeter is eight years old, and he goes to a school near his house. He always goes there and comes home on foot. He usually gets back on time, but last Friday he came home from school late. His mother saw him and said to him, "Why are you late today, Peter?" "My teacher was angry and told me to see the headmaster after class," Peter answered. "To see the headmaster?" his mother asked. "Why did she tell you to see him?" "Because she asked a question in class," Peter said, "And nobody could answer it except me." His mother became angry. "But why did your teacher tell you to see the headmaster then?" she asked. "Because her question was 'Who put the glue   on my chair?'" Peter said.
The question is: Peter is   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:a naughty boy
B:good at English
C:a good boy
D:a clever boyDear friend,
I know you are arriving next Sunday. Let me tell you the way to my house. Take a taxi from the airport. You pass a bank on your right and then go along Long Street. You go through Six Avenue, Seventh Avenue, and Eighth Avenue. When you see a big supermarket, turn left. Then go down Bridge Street and turn left at New Park. Go along Centre Street and my house is on your right.
I hope you can have a good trip.
Yours,
Mike
The question is: The friend will go to Mike's city by  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:train
B:taxi
C:bus
D:plane"Everyone makes mistakes in life, but that doesn't mean they have to pay for them for the rest of their lives. Sometimes wise people make foolish  choices. It doesn't mean they're foolish; it means they're improving!"
Sometimes mistakes mean something that you are trying new things. It's good to try new things. Because when you are trying new things, you are growing. If you never have a try, you will never make progress. Look around you, everything you see is the result of someone trying new things.
I remember clearly what life was like back in 2006. I was 17 years old and in a really bad place.
In a chemistry 1ab, I was doing an experiment . I tried twenty times, but I couldn't succeed. So I decided to stop doing the experiment. I felt a little unhappy.
Mr. Green seemed to understand my thought. He touched my head with a smile, "Young man, you have done a lot and you've got a lot. At least you know that there are twenty ways you can't use to do this experiment."
After hearing the words, I became excited again. I kept doing the experiment and at last I did succeed.
The question is: What's the best title for the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:Mistakes Are Good for Our Success
B:Everyone Should Make Mistakes
C:Wise People Make Fewer Mistakes
D:Trying New Things Can Make MistakesSome friends invite you over and serve you a delicious dinner.  Someone lends you his car while there's something wrong with yours. You are sick, and a friend brings you a meal and cares for you. How do you show your gratitude  ?
Sometimes simply saying thank you is enough. At other times, it is thoughtful to say thank you in a more different way. Be sure to tell that person what you are grateful for and why you are grateful.
Here are some common ways to say thank you.
You can write a thank-you note. People are very busy these days. A handwritten note shows you took the time to tell someone you are grateful to him or her. Or you can call and thank the person. You would be surprised how this can _ . Another idea is to send a thank-you e- mail. This is not quite as personal, but it still shows your gratitude.
There are many other ways to say thank you. To say thank you in a creative way, you can:
 Select some flowers from a shop. Write a thank-you note.
 Give the person a basket of fresh fruit or a homemade treat.
 Invite a friend to a movie, meal, snack or coffee.
 Give a gift card for a bookstore or a restaurant. That way the person can pick out a favourite book or eat out.
 Find out what the person likes and give something related to that.
 To say a big thank you to someone, have a party for that person.
As you can see, there are many ways to say thank you. Think of some ways of your own. You will feel good trying one of the ideas, and the person being thanked will feel good too. It's a win-win situation !
The question is: Which might be the best title for this passage?
The possible answers are:
A:Things To Be Grateful For
B:Different Situations To Say Thank You
C:Ways To Show Your Gratitude
D:Reasons For Saying Thank YouI live in a new town with my family. There are lots of tall buildings in the town. The streets are busy and the traffic is heavy, but the pollution is not very serious .
In our town, more than half of the buildings have fifteen to thirty floors. Most of the people live in such tall buildings, but they don't have to climb the stairs. They use lifts to go up and down.
Many restaurants, supermarkets, cinemas and theatres are in very tall buildings. They are big, bright and modern. So people enjoy eating, shopping, seeing films and watching plays in them.
The streets in our town are wide, but because there are too many cars, they are still very busy. Sometimes when you come to the street crossing, you have to wait for the green lights for a long time. The people in our town never put _ everywhere or put dirty water into the river, so you cannot see much pollution in our town. I hope you'll come to visit our town if you like.
The question is: The writer feels   _   when he talks about his hometown.
The possible answers are:
A:sorry
B:bored
C:tired
D:happyDo you like sports? Here are some sports clubs for you.
Ball Games Club
Do you like ball games? We have basketball, soccer, volleyball and tennis for you. Let's play them together!
Sunday: 8: 30 a.m.~ 11: 00 a.m.    3: 00 p.m. ~ 6: 00 p.m.
Telephone: 15934678726
Roller Skating Club
Do you like roller skating? You can have a lot of new friends in our club. Students are 6~16 years old.
Saturday and Sunday evenings: 7: 00~ 10: 00
Meet on Renmin Square .
Telephone: 13473401430
Cycling Club
Let's go out with our friends on our bikes. It's really cool and exciting.
Saturday morning: 6: 00~11: 00
Start in the city park.
E-mail address: cycling@163.com
Kung Fu Club
Do you want to do kung fu well? Come and join us!
Sunday evening: 6: 00~8: 00
Call us at 746-3838.
The question is: If you want to know more about Cycling Club, you can  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:go to Renmin Square.
B:call it at 15934678726.
C:send an e-mail to cycling@163.com.
D:search for information on the Internet.Radio, telephone and TV are widely used in the world. When you turn on the radio, you can listen. But when you use telephone, not only can you listen to others but also you can chat with them, however, you can't see anything at all. TV is much better than both of them. People can watch TV and listen to it, but they can't take part in what they see.
Today, some people are using a type of telephone called vision-phone . With it, two people who are talking can see each other. It is better than radio, telephone or TV.
Vision-phones can be of great use when you have something to show the person whom you are calling. It will be helpful in people's life. Some day you may be able to call up a library and ask to read a book on your vision-phone. You may be able to do some shopping too. Perhaps in the future, people will use vision-phone.
,.
The question is: Which of the following is NOT true?
The possible answers are:
A:Vision-phone is better than radio, telephone or TV.
B:People will use vision-phone in the future.
C:Vision-phone will be helpful in people's life.
D:It is impossible to do shopping through vision-phone.It's Charlie's birthday today, but he isn't feeling happy. No one wishes him a happy birthday. Mother says nothing about his birthday. She just tells Charlie to play outside. At lunchtime, his mother calls, "Come in for lunch, Charlie!" Charlie slowly walks into his house. But the living room looks different. Charlie sees a big "Happy Birthday" banner . Then, he sees a birthday cake, balloons , presents, and all of his friends. "Happy birthday!" everyone shouts. Charlie's face _ . He is happy and surprised . No one forgets his birthday after all!
The question is: Which of these is not right?
The possible answers are:
A:There are many lovely things in the living room.
B:Charlie's mother plays a trick on Charlie.
C:Charlie is happy all day.
D:No one forgets Charlie's birthday.Mary was waiting for the airplane to take off. She was happy to get a seat by herself. Just then, an air hostess came up to her and asked. "Would you mind changing your seat? A man would like to sit with his wife." The only available  seat was next to a girl with her arms broken, a black-and-blue face, and a sad expression . "I don't want to sit there," Mary thought at once. But then a soft voice inside spoke, "She needs help." Finally, Mary moved to that seat.
The girl was named Emily. She had been in a car accident and now was on her way for treatment.
When the snacks and juice arrived, Mary realized that Emily could not feed herself. Mary thought about offering to feed her but she hesitated , as it seemed too impolite to offer such a help to a stranger. But then Mary realized that Emily's need was more important. Mary offered to help her eat. Although Emily was uncomfortable to accept, _ . They became closer and closer in a short time. By the end of the five-hour trip, Mary's heart had warmed, and the time was really better spent than if she had just sat by herself.
Mary was very glad that she sat next to Emily and fed her. Love sometimes goes beyond  human boundaries and removes the fears that keep people away. When we reach our hands to help another, we get to live in a larger and more pleasant world.
The question is: Why did Emily have a sad expression at the beginning?
The possible answers are:
A:She lost her job.
B:She disliked the air hostess.
C:She met a stranger.
D:She was hurt in a car accidentLondon is a very large city with about 7 million people. How do so many people move on their way to work or school?
In London you can travel around the city by subway, bus, taxi or private  car. The subway runs under the city. It goes to all parts of the city. Traveling by subway is the fastest way to get around the city.
The second way to travel about the city is by bus. It is a slower way to travel. This is because the road traffic is always heavy.
You can also travel around the city by taxi. This is very expensive, but the taxi will take you to the every place you wish to go to. If traffic is heavy, the taxi will be slow. During the mornings and afternoons, there is the _ 
The last way to get around London is using your own car. It is inconvenient  if you are driving in the "rush hour". If there is an accident on the road, you will have to wait for a long time.
The best time to travel around the city is from 9 am to 4 pm. This is the time after the morning "rush hour" and before the evening "rush hour". Traffic will be less heavy during this time.
The question is: What's the advantage of traveling around London by taxi ?
The possible answers are:
A:It's fast
B:You can go wherever you want to go
C:It's cheap
D:You can visit the city easilyMy name is Kitty. I have a very big and nice room and I have a great school things collection. My brother's room is near my room. He is Mike. And he has a big sports collection. I have twenty erasers, ten pencils, nine rulers and eight pens in my schoolbag. My brother has two baseballs, four soccer balls and five basketballs under his bed.
The question is: How many balls does Mike have?
The possible answers are:
A:4
B:5
C:11
D:10No Car Day was first started by 34 cities in France on September 22,1998.It was started to protect the environment.By now,more than 1,000 cities around the world have had a No Car Day.
The first No Car Day in China was in Chengdu in 2001.Other cities,including Taipei,Shanghai and Wuhan,also support the day.
In Beijing,more and more people are joining the campaign.It asks drivers to leave their cars at home for one day each month and walk or ride a bike to work.It also calls on Beijingers not to use cars on June 5(World Environment Day).The _ for the day is,"If we drive for one less day,we can have one more nice day."
So far,more than 200,000 drivers have shown their support."We can't control the weather,but we can choose not to drive,"said Wu Zonghua,a car club chairman.Beijing is trying to have 238 blue sky days this year.In the first quarter of 2012,Beijing only had 52 blue sky days.This was 11 days less than the number for the same period the year before.Much of the dust comes from the desert,but cars cause most of the air pollution.We must do more for No Car Day.
The question is: _  was the first city to have No Car Day in China.
The possible answers are:
A:Beijing
B:Chengdu
C:Shanghai
D:WuhanEarly to bed, early to rise, makes a man healthy, wealthy and wise.
This is an old English saying. Have you heard of it before? It means that we must go to bed early and get up early in the morning. Then we shall be healthy. We shall also be rich (wealthy) and clever (wise).
This is true. The body must have enough sleep to be healthy. Children of young age should have ten hours' sleep every night. Children who do not have enough sleep cannot do their work very well. They will not be wise and they may not become wealthy!
The body also needs exercise. Walking, running, jumping, swimming and playing games are all exercise. Exercise keeps the body strong. Exercise also helps the blood   to move around inside the body. This is very important. Our blood takes food to all parts of our body. The head also needs blood .Exercise helps us to think better!
The question is: If a child doesn't have 10 hours' sleep, maybe he   _   .
The possible answers are:
A:becomes wise
B:won't do well in his work
C:goes to school in time
D:has enough sleepThere are  three people in Yang Yang's family. They like different kinds of food. Yang Yang likes rice a lot. But she doesn't like chicken at all. Her father is from Shanxi. He doesn't like rice at all. He likes chicken and bread very much. Her mother is from Dalian. She doesn't like rice or bread at all. But she likes fish and vegetables a lot. They love each other and help each other.
The question is: Yang Yang's mother likes   _   very much.
The possible answers are:
A:chicken and bread
B:rice
C:fish and vegetables
D:chickenMany people like animals and raise one or more as pets--dogs, cat or some kinds of birds. I love dogs, too. My aunt gave me a dog on my birthday. We call it Wangwang. It is a little black dog. He is friendly and helpful. Most of the time he likes to run and play with me. Sometimes he follows my father around in the fields.
One day, my father took off his grey coat and put it on the ground under a big tree. Wangwang stood watching him. My father said, "Watch over my coat, Wangwant." Wangwant sat down beside the coat. My father went on working. After he finished his work, he forgot all about his coat and went home. Late in the evening I didn't see my dog. I looked everywhere for him calling, "Wangwang, Wangwang!" But Wangwang didn't come back. Soon my father wanted something that was in his coat pocket. Then he remembered what he had done. He went back to the big tree. What do you think he saw? Wangwang was sitting on the coat so that nobody could take it away.
The question is: The dog is   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:grey
B:black and white
C:white
D:blackIn the last eight years, a lot of bees have disappeared. Scientists have been studying why those bees have been leaving their hives and not returning. They believe that their living environment may be changing.
Now, the US government is stepping in to help fight this problem. President Barack Obama has asked for $50 million(310 million yuan ) in his 2015 budget to fight this problem, and has announced the start of the Pollinator Health Task Force. This group will work on keeping the US bee population healthy and strong, and will show people what they can do to help bees.
Even though many people may not like bees, they are an important part of how we grow food. As pollinators , they move from one plant to another. Through pollination, plants can grow seeds and fruit. It's said that at least 90 kinds of plants including nuts,  fruits and vegetables depend on bees for pollination.
The new Pollinator Health Task Force will work hard to protect bees, and build new hives for pollinators. It also plans to start a public education activity to make more people know the importance of pollinators, and actions that can be taken to protect them. The group will reach out to schools, libraries, museums and so on.
Obama said that helping save the bee population will avoid other losses for the agricultural sector  , and will help protect the health of the environment.
The question is: To fight this problem, the Pollinator Health Task Force will do the following EXCEPT  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:make new hives for bees
B:let more people learn the importance of bees
C:make people know what they can do to protect bees
D:make the agricultural sector pay more attention to this problemA girl complained to her father about her hard life. She didn't know what she had to do and wanted to give up. She felt tired of fighting and fighting. One problem had been finished but another came over.
Her father, a cook, took her into the kitchen. He poured water into three pans and boiled  them. After boiling, in the first pan was put some carrots, the second was put some eggs and the last was put with coffee.
The girl waited impatiently, confused  by what her father did. About 20 minutes later, her father took out the carrots and put them in a bowl. He took the eggs and put them in a bowl. After that the coffee was poured into a cup. "My sweet heart, what do you see?" he asked.
"Carrots, eggs and coffee." she replied.
Her father told her to close her eyes and asked her to touch the carrots. She did so and felt that the carrots were soft. After that he asked her to take the eggs and break them. After peeling  them, she got the eggs, cooked and hard. The last, the father let her smell the coffee. She asked, "What did you do this for, father?" He explained that each had the same unlucky experience -- the boiling water, but each had a different result. The strong and hard carrots had become soft and weak. The _ eggs became hard after being cooked. The coffee was very special, it could change water. "Who are you?" asked her father. "When bad luck knocks at your door, what is your decision? Are you carrots, eggs or coffee?"
The question is: The girl's father took her to the kitchen to   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:ask her how to boil eggs
B:show her how to make coffee
C:teach her how to be a cook
D:tell her how to face difficultiesLittle Peter is a boy of nine. He began to go to school when he was six, and now he is in Grade Three. He lives not far from the school, but he is often late for class. He likes watching TV in the evening and goes to bed late, so he can't get up on time in the morning.
This term, Mrs. Black, Peter's aunt, teaches music in Peter's school. She is strict with Peter and often tells the boy to obey the school rules and come to school on time. Yesterday morning, Peter got up late. When he hurried  to school, it was a quarter past eight. His aunt was waiting for him at the school gate.
"You are ten minutes late for the first class, Peter," Mrs. Black said angrily. "Why are you often late for class?" "Every time, when I get to the street corner , I always see a guidepost . It says SCHOOL--GO SLOWLY!"
The question is: Peter is in school for   _   years.
The possible answers are:
A:one and a half
B:two
C:three
D:sixAn atlas is a book of maps. Atlases are made with different kinds of information about different parts and areas of a country or the world. They are prepared for desk use or travel use.
Desk atlases are made for different groups of people with different needs. For example, students may use desk atlases to help learn geography, and other people may use desk atlases to study a place. A popular type of the latest atlas shows the recent fact of the world. New atlases are often carefully produced to help people learn about the changes, such as the name changes, boundary  changes and other important new information. A desk atlas can also have some different maps of the same place. For example, an atlas may include maps showing population and important products of a place.
Travel atlases usually show the information about both natural and man-made features . So it is not surprising to find universities, airports, forests, rivers, roads as well as cities, towns and villages in them. A travel atlas is often the first thing people need when they want to start a trip in a strange place. It often has a map of a whole country, and a map with more special information of each important place in the country. Take the atlas of the United States as an example, it often has a map of the whole country and then a map of each of the fifty states.
A travel atlas may also point out the beautiful natural places. In the US, the atlas may include national parks such as the Yellow Stone Park and some others to show the beauty of nature and interesting places to tourists.
The question is: According to the passage, people can find the information about  _  in a travel atlas of Shanxi.
The possible answers are:
A:the population of Shanxi
B:the local products of Shanxi
C:the Yellow Stone National Park
D:Xi'an Jiaotong UniversityIn England recently three foreign gentlemen came to a bus stop and waited. About five minutes later, the bus they wanted came along. They were just going to get on when suddenly there was a loud noise behind them. People rushed onto the bus and tried to push them out of the way. Someone shouted at them. The bus conductor came rushing down the stairs to see what all the trouble was about. The three foreigners seem all at sea and looked embarrassed  . No one had told them about the British custom  of lining up for a bus that the first person who arrives at the bus stop is the first person to get on the bus .
Learning the language of a country isn't enough. If you want to have a pleasant visit, find out as much as possible about the manners and customs of your host country. You will probably be surprised just how different they can be from your own. A visitor to India would do well to remember that people there consider it impolite to use the left hand for passing food at table. The left hand is supposed to be used for washing yourself. Also in India, you might see a man shaking his head at another to show that he doesn't agree. But in many parts of   India a shake of the head means agreement. Nodding your head when you are given a drink in Bulgaria will most probably leave you thirsty. In that country, you shake your head to mean 'yes'-- a nod means 'no'. At a meal in countries on the Arabic Peninsula, you will find that your glass is repeated refilled as soon as you drink up. If you think that you have had enough, you should take the cup or glasses in your hand and give it a little shake from side to side or place your hand over the top.
In Europe it's quite usual to cross your legs when you are sitting talking to someone even at an important meeting. Doing this in Thailand, however, could bring about trouble. Also, you should try to avoid  touching the head of an adult ----it's just not done in Thailand .
The question is: The best title for this article is   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:People's Everyday Life
B:Mind Your Manners
C:Habit is quite important
D:Language and customsCoffee has become the most popular American drink. Today people in the United States drink more coffee than people in any of the other countries. People drink coffee at breakfast, at lunch, at dinner and between meals. They drink hot coffee or coffee with ice in it. They drink it at work and at home. They eat coffee ice-cream and coffee candy. Coffee is black and very _ . Different people like to drink it in different ways. Some people like coffee with cream or sugar in it. Other people like coffee with both cream and sugar in it. In all ways it is served. Coffee has become an international drink.
The question is: _  is the most popular American drink.
The possible answers are:
A:Black tea
B:Coffee
C:Water with ice
D:WhiskyPeter is a tall boy. He is 1.8  meters tall. He lives in Canada. On Sunday morning he likes to go to see his friend. Her name is Alan. She is a girl. She has a good garden . There are many trees and rose in the garden. They are apple trees oranges trees and other fruit trees. There are lots of fruits on the trees. There are many birds in the garden, too. They are happy. The birds sing in the trees. Peter and Alan listen to the birds and sing songs with them. They draw pictures of birds.
It's lunch-time. They are hungry. They go to a restaurant. Peter would like some dumplings. Alan wants to have a bowl of noodles. They order them for lunch.
The question is: _  Sing in the trees.
The possible answers are:
A:Peter and Alan
B:Birds
C:Fruit
D:RosesSpiderman is one of the most famous comic book heroes of all time.He was created by Stan Lee in 1963 and was first introduced to the world in the pages of Marvel comic books.
Spiderman's story is the story of Peter Parker,a child who lost his parents and lives with his aunt and uncle.Peter is a shy,quiet boy wearing glasses and has few friends.One day,on a high school class trip to a science lab,he gets bitten by a special spider.Soon Peter realizes he has amazing powers:he is as strong and quick as a spider and also has a type of sixth sense.He no longer needs his glasses and he can use his super power to fly through the city streets! Remembering something his Uncle Ben has told him,that"with great power,there must also come great responsibility ,"Peter decides to use his powers to fight enemies who do cruel things to people.And so,Spiderman is born.
Life is not easy for Peter even though he is a superhero.He is in love with Mary Jane but cannot tell her about his amazing powers.Besides,his best friend Harry hates Spiderman! Peter is also short of money and time.He has to sell photos of Spiderman(himself!)to a newspaper and he keeps losing his other jobs because he's so busy saving people! Yet he has to fight different kinds of cruel enemies.
The question is: What does"with great power,there must also come great responsibility"mean?
The possible answers are:
A:Powerful people can do whatever they like.
B:People with power are always good.
C:Powerful people should have a responsibility to do good.
D:Powerful people are to blame for all the bad things that happen.An old farmer spent all his life on his farm in the country in the southeast of England. One day he decided to visit the big city. Everything was new and strange to him, because he had never traveled to the city before.
The old farmer visited a lot of interesting places in the city.
He rushed into a large tall building and saw a lift. When he was watching, an old woman got into the lift and closed the door. After a while, the door opened again and a very perfect young girl came out.
The old farmer was very surprised, "What a funny little room!" He said to himself, "It's magic. It can change an old woman into a young girl. The next time I come here, I'm going to bring my wife to take the lift. "
The question is: The old farmer   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:came to the city for the first time
B:had traveled to the city several times
C:found nothing new and strange in the city
D:only visited the large tall buildingNow, there is a new-type school in New York, which has no everyday lessons, no class teachers and even no school buildings. It is called "City-as-School". The name just means the city itself is the place where students learn their lessons. They are from the age of 15 to 18. The students choose areas of work which interest them. Then they help to do that work. One girl spends her week in a government office helping the public with problems like housing. Then she goes to help in a theatre for a day and she spends a week for first-year courses at college.
Well, students have to pass Maths and science exams before they enter the "school". These subjects are not easy to provide in"City-as-School". Teachers watch the progress of the students. The success rate   is high. 80% of the students go to college after the "City-as-School".
The students like the duty of their work. They have the sense of purpose. They know a lot about different kinds of work in the city. One of the students, Lizette Martinez, writes " I want to say that I do not know where I would be right now if I had never become part of City-as-School. Leaving my regular high school and going to City-as-School was the best decision I have ever made. The way the school works to get you to go out there and learn different fields instead of sitting in a classroom is wonderful. For all those who are in between school and dropping out, go to CAS and it will change your life forever."
City-as-School High School is the nation's leading   external   learning or experiential   learning model for high school students.
The question is: What do students do in"City-as-School"most of the time?
The possible answers are:
A:They do whatever they like.
B:They learn Maths and Science.
C:They help with work in a certain area.
D:They learn all the college courses.If your pen broke at school today,what would you do?You would go to a shop and buy a new one.What if you could simply print out a real,working pen with your 3-D printer without leaving your room?
The 3-D printer has been used to make many different things.People have made cups cars and even an airplane with it.
Doctors have been using 3-D printers for several years.People's nervous systems have been printed out in 3-D form medical research.Some body parts have been printed and used in hospital.Several months ago,doctors used a 3-D printer to rebuild
Ten years ago people could only see 3-D printing in science fiction movies.But now 3-D printing is here and it's bringing big changes.
Unlike normal printing that can only copy a 2-D picture with ink.3-D printing can build almost anything made from material.The printer layers  the material in different shapes to create the object you want to be copied.the face of a person who had a bad accident.In the future,it is expected that the printer will make human organs to save more lives.
However there are _ to the printer.At the moment,printing can be quite slow and it's still rather expensive.The average  price of a household printer is around $1,700,not including the cost of the materials.
But as the technology develops,it shouldn't be long before disadvantages are improved.Only time will tell where this new technology will take us.
,A, B, C, D,.
The question is: Which of the following is TRUE?
The possible answers are:
A:The normal printer can build 3-D objects you want.
B:No nervous systems are printed out in 3-D form.
C:The 3-D printing can be cheaper and faster in the future.
D:There will be no drawbacks to the 3-D printing in the future.Dear friends,
My name is Tony. I am English. I am twelve years old this year. I am tall, and I am good at playing football. I am in Grade Seven. There are thirty boys and twenty girls in my class. We are learning Chinese in our school. Our Chinese teacher is Mr. Wu. He is a little short, but he is very strong. He is very nice to us. I have some good friends in my class. Tom is a tall boy with short black hair. He is good at playing football, too. Alice is short and she loves wearing red dresses. She is good at English. Mary has long hair. She can speak Japanese and she likes swimming. We all study hard.
What about your school and your friends? Please write soon.
Yours,
Tony
The question is: Who is Mr. Wu?
The possible answers are:
A:He is Tony's English teacher.
B:He is Tony's father.
C:He is Tony's Chinese teacher.
D:He is Tony's friend.When we talk of plants, most of us will think of things that grow from the ground and have green leaves, but there are plants that do not look or act like other plants. Some of these belong to a special class of plants called fungi.
Fungi may appear almost everywhere. They commonly grow in wet places where they call get food and water easily. Because fungi do not have green leaves to make their own food, but fungi must take their food from animals, other plants or water. Some fungi live on dead or rotting wood, while others grow on living trees or in dirt or moss . Mushrooms are the best-known fungi.
There are many kinds of mushrooms appearing in all shapes and sizes. For example, cauliflower mushrooms are found in forests from July to October.They can grow to be as heavy as fifty pounds! They grow at the foot of trees Squirrel's bread is another kind of wild mushroom Its appearance and use Call explain its name. These fungi look like small golden cakes Squirrels can easily eat them or carry them off to their hole to eat later.
The mushrooms found in food stores are carefully grown by people who know they are safe to eat. People are warned never to touch of taste wild mushrooms because some of them are deadly. Even less dangerous ones cart still make a person very sick..
The question is: People are advised not to eat wild fungi because  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:it is unfit for main food
B:it may be dangerous to people
C:it doesn't taste so good
D:it's strange smell may do harm to peopleAmerican schools begin in September after a long summer holiday. There're two terms in a school year. The first term is from September to January, and the second term is from February to June. Most American children begin to go to school when they're five years old. Most students are seventeen or eighteen years old when they finish high school.
High school students take only five or six subjects each term. They usually go to the same classes every day, and they have homework for every class. After class, they do a lot of interesting things.
After high school, many students go to college . They usually have to pay a lot of money. So, many college students work after class to get money for their studies.
The question is: In America, schools begin in  _   after summer holiday.
The possible answers are:
A:July
B:September
C:May
D:FebruaryWe are all busy talking about and using the Internet. But how many of us know the history of the Internet?
Many people are surprised when they find that the Internet was set up in the 1960s. At that time, computers were large and expensive. Computer networks didn't work well. If one computer in the network broke down, then the whole network stopped. So a new network system  had to be set up. It should be good enough to be used by many different computers. If part of the network was not working, information could be sent through another part. In this way computer network system would keep on working all the time . 
At first the Internet was only used by the government  , but in the early 1970s; universities, hospitals and banks were allowed to use it, too. However, computers were still very expensive and yet Internet was difficult to use. By the start of the 1990s, computers became cheaper and easier to use. Scientists had also developed   software   that made "surfing" the Internet easier.
Today it is easy to get online and it is said that millions of people use the Internet every day. Sending e-mail is more and more popular among young people.
The Internet has become one of the most important parts of people s life.
The question is: Which of the following used the Internet first?
The possible answers are:
A:Hospitals
B:Universities.
C:Banks
D:The government.Warner Brothers is an American company that produces movies and television shows. It started as a small family business operated by four brothers -- Harry, Albert, Sam and Jack Warner. In nineteen-oh-three, the brothers began their business by traveling throughout Ohio and Pennsylvania showing movies using a projector  . By nineteen-oh-seven, they opened a movie theater in New Castle, Pennsylvania. Within ten years, the Warner brothers started producing movies, and moved that part of the business to California.
In nineteen eighteen, their first complete picture was called "My Four Years in Germany." The film was based on a book by the United States' ambassador to the court of Kaiser Wilhelm. In nineteen twenty-five, they began to work to include the technology for sound in their movies.
Two years later, Warner Brothers Pictures released the first major movie with sound, or "talking picture." It was called "The Jazz Singer" and it was a huge success. In the nineteen thirties, the company made several films that were highly praised, including "Little Caesar," "The Public Enemy", "The Gold Diggers" and "Forty-Second Street."
The Warner Brothers' success continued in the nineteen forties with movies like "The Maltese Falcon," and "Casablanca." Movies during this time starred popular actors like Ingrid Bergman, Humphrey Bogart, James Cagney, Gary Cooper and Bette Davis. The company continues to produce popular movies today.
By the nineteen seventies, the Warner Brothers studios had also become well set up in television. In nineteen ninety, Warner Communications combined with Time Incorporated to form Time Warner Incorporated.
In two thousand one, the company combined with America Online. The company now includes film production, cable television networks, music and publishing. This year, the company announced a deal with the CBS Corporation to form a new television broadcast network. The CW began broadcasting this month.
The question is: The Warner Brothers produced its first talking picture in   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:1918
B:1925
C:1927
D:1930Traveling by train is usually not easy in China. It can be hard to get a ticket. When you're traveling to the railway station, you look at your watch, for you are afraid you will miss your train.
But there is good news for people traveling between Beijing and Shanghai. Construction   on the express railway   between the two cities started just before the Spring Festival of 2008. When it is finished by 2013, taking a train will be as easy as taking a bus.
"There will be trains every several minutes. Buying a ticket, getting through the checkpoint   and taking your seat, will take just 10 minutes," said an engineer.
There may be high-speed trains running at 350 kilometers an hour. The travel time between the two cities will _ from 10 to about 5 hours. The trains will carry twice the present number of passengers.
The new line will be 1,318 kilometers long and go across specially built bridges. It will run along side the present line. There will be 21 stations in Hebei, Tianjin, Shandong, Anhui and Jiangsu.
"The cost of traveling by the express railway may be around 800 yuan. That will be more expensive than an ordinary train, but cheaper than by air." Said Zhang Xiaoling, a Jiangsu government official.
According to Zhang, the higher price is caused by the large cost of the railway project. At about 200 billion yuan, the project may be even more expensive than the Three Gorges Project  .
The question is: Before taking your seat, you should   _   with your ticket.
The possible answers are:
A:buy a ticket
B:get through the checkpoint
C:pack your things
D:make some friendsIt is eight o'clock. The children go to school by car every day, they are going to school on foot. It is ten o'clock. Mrs. Sawyer usually stays at home in the morning, but this morning, she is going to the shops. It is four o'clock in the afternoon, Mrs. Sawyer usually drinks tea in the living room. But this afternoon, she is drinking tea in the garden. It is six o'clock, In the evening, the children usually do their homework, but this evening, they are not doing their homework. At the moment, they are playing in the garden. It is nine o'clock. Mr. Sawyer usually reads his newspaper at night. But he's not reading his newspaper tonight. At the moment, he's reading an interesting book.
The question is: Mrs. Sawyer is going to   _   this morning.
The possible answers are:
A:staying at home
B:go shopping
C:drinking tea
D:watching TVLiving next to next is the principle   of a neighbor. Good neighborliness is the ideal to be aimed at. As the saying goes, no man is an island; he has to live with his neighbors. To make life easy and pleasant, he must cooperate with his neighbors.
Whether one likes it or not, one cannot do without neighbors. Normally one may think he can do without neighbors because he can manage all comforts and services, so the services or the need for a friend may not happen. However, the sympathy  , admiration and appreciation which a neighbor may offer will have a great humanizing influence. To share one's view and sometimes even sadness, one needs some neighbors.
But all neighbors are not always keeping the friendly relationship. Stresses and tension   develop because of misunderstanding. Very often children may be the cause for tense feelings. The neighbor's son may pick a flower or a fruit from your garden and an argument may follow. Again he may throw his ball at your window breaking it. These are common cases so far as the younger one is concerned but it is for the elders to view them with calmness and make up for it. This may read easy on paper but not so in real life. But being broad minded, one must be able to tolerate  . Another reason for tension may be the animals. Your neighbor's dog may be a real trouble or his chickens would come into your garden and eat away your plants.
In all these cases to keep up good neighborliness, some understanding between the neighbors is important. _ Try to be friendly and the problem will not be difficult to solve. Care can at times play a good part and help the neighbors in a small or big way. Nobody is perfect and it is better not to speak ill of your neighbors. A cheerful word, a nod or a small talk will strengthen the feeling of good neighborliness.
Neighborliness is not only for people but it is also largely important between neighboring countries. History has got a lot to teach on this. Unless countries learn to live as good neighbors, there cannot be peace on earth. So children must be taught at home and in the school to cooperate with the neighbors and be friendly with them. The basic rule is to give and take and to develop a sense that the other man has as much right as you do, and some degree of tolerance is very necessary.
The question is: Which of the following may cause misunderstanding?
The possible answers are:
A:Hobbies and habits.
B:Children and pets.
C:Sports and games.
D:Likes and dislikes.One day, a teacher was giving a speech to his students. He held up a glass of water and asked the class, "How heavy do you think this glass of water is?"
The students' answers ranged from 20 g to 500 g. "It does not matter on the weight itself. It depends on how long you hold it. If I hold it for a minute, it is OK. If I hold it for an hour, I will have an ache in my right arm. If I hold it for a day, you will have to call an ambulance  . It is exactly the same weight, but the longer I hold it, the heavier it becomes. "
If we carry our burdens   all the time, sooner or later, we will not be able to carry on, the burden becoming increasingly heavier. "
"What you have to do is to put the glass down, rest for a while before holding it up again. "
We have to put down the burden sometimes, so that we can be refreshed and are able to carry on.
So before you return home from work tonight, put the burden of work down. Don't carry it back home. You can pick it up tomorrow.
Whatever burdens you are having now on your shoulders, let it down for a moment if you can.
The question is: According to the teacher, you may feel        _    if you put down the burden sometimes.
The possible answers are:
A:more stressed
B:much heavier
C:more relaxed
D:much happierA 13-year-old boy traveled to Washington, D.C. to raise money for homeless kids.
Zach Bonner was pretty tired. Instead of going to camp last summer, Zach decided to walk 668 miles from Atlanta to Washington, D.C. He hoped more people would help homeless kids. His journey to help others began six years ago. Zach walked from his home in Tampa to Tallahassee. Then, in 2008, Zach Bonner went on a 270-mile walk from Tallahassee to Atlanta. In 2010, he did it again, from Tampa to Los Angeles.
Last summer, Zach traveled 12 miles every day on foot. Along the way, he collected more than 1000 letters about homeless children. He hoped to give the letters to President Obama. Zach says he wants his walk to make a difference.
More than 1 million children in the U.S. have nowhere to live. During his journey, Zach spent 24 hours with some homeless children so he could learn the difficulties they face.
When Zach walked the last mile of his long journey, more than 500 supporters, including 300 homeless kids, joined Zach. They went with him down the National Mall. "It was a long walk," Zach says, "but it was meaningful."
Although the journey is difficult and tiring, Zach won't give up. "When homeless kids get tired of being homeless, they don't get to stop. So why should I stop when I get tired of walking?"
The question is: What is the best title for this passage?
The possible answers are:
A:A walk for others
B:A journey to Los Angeles
C:A visit to Obama
D:A plan for travelingAll boys and girls like good stories. I am sure that all children who read The Ugly Duckling will be glad to know something about the 'King of Story Tellers', who wrote it for them. Thousands and thousands of children have read this story, only to ask for it again and again. It has travelled the wide world over, and has been told in every country.
Hans Christian Andersen, the author of "The Ugly Duckling," was born in Denmark. If you look on a map, you will see this little country in northern Europe. There, in the little village of Odense, he spent his boyhood. His father and mother were very poor. The family lived in two little rooms near the top of a house, where his father worked as a shoemaker.
On the roof was a box filled with earth. In this box his mother planted her vegetables. Little Hans loved to walk with his father in the woods, where he could pick wild flowers and hear the birds sing. His father read to him when his work was done, or told him stories. What his father did helped him open up a new world.
Once, when Hans was still a child, he went into a wheat field with his mother and a number of children, to pick the rest wheat which the reapers  had left in the field. While they were busy picking only a small amount of wheat for each of them, an angry bailiff  came rushing into the field, armed with a whip . All ran, as fast as they could, away from the angry man. _ and the sharp stalks  of the wheat plants which had been cut down, cut his feet so that he could not get away.
Unafraid, the boy faced the angry man and his upraised whip. "How dare you hit me when you know God sees you?" he cried, looking fearlessly into the face of the angry bailiff. The whip came down, but not on little Hans. The bailiff admired the boy's courage, and praised him for it. He sent him home with gifts, rather than punishments.[:]
While Hans was still a boy, his kind father died. Then Hans and his mother were left alone, to care for each other.
"What will you do, Hans?" the mother asked "Would you like to become a tailor?"
"No, mother," the boy answered; "I will go to Copenhagen and study. One day I shall write books."
"But where will the money be found to pay your way?" asked the mother.
"I will work, and God will take care of me," Hans replied.
So the boy left his native village and walked all the way to Copenhagen, which was very far.
The question is: What do you think the meaning of the underline sentence "  _  " is?
The possible answers are:
A:There was something wrong with Little Hans' feet.
B:Little Hans did not wear shoes.
C:Little Hans was a disabled boy.
D:Little Hans' feet were cut by a sharp knife.Art lovers around the world have thought about this question for so many years: what is the secret behind the Mona Lisa's smile?
However, they can ask Mona Lisa herself in the interactive exhibition   in Beijing. This exhibition brings the 500-year-old painting to life.
Now Leonardo da Vinci's famous painting can move her head and wave   her hand in 3D, and even answer questions. She can answer the questions about her life, her age and so on. But when she talks she doesn't speak Italian but Chinese like: "Da jia hao, wo jiao Mengna Lisha. Hen gao xing jian dao ni men."
The new, digital   picture of Mona Lisa is the center piece of the World Classic Interactive Arts Exhibition in Beijing. You can also see other world-famous paintings such as Leonardo da Vinci's Last Supper. Last Supper is another picture that they made alive with 3D. In this picture, Jesus   can walk and talk with his believers  .
It took the organizer Wang Hui and over 400 digital artists in South Korea two years to make the picture, at a cost of around 50 million yuan.
He says, "What's special about it is that it's the first time to use computer technology   to make her speak and move."
So what does the Mona Lisa say if you ask her why she is smiling?
The question is: For many years art lovers all around the world have wondered   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:why Mona Lisa smiled
B:who Mona Lisa lived with
C:how old Mona Lisa was
D:who Mona Lisa lovedMary is an American schoolgirl. She is now in Beijing with her parents. She doesn't know Chinese, but she is trying to study and speak it. She often tries to speak Chinese to her Chinese friends. Sometimes they don't understand her, because she can't speak Chinese well.
It's Saturday morning. Mary goes out. She is on her way to the park. She is going there to see a flower show . But she doesn't know how to get there. She asks a Chinese boy. The boy can't understand her. Then she takes out a pen and some paper. She draws flowers on it, gives the picture to the boy and says something about it. The boy smiles and then shows Mary the way to the park.
The question is: She likes   _   Chinese with her   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:speak; parents
B:speaking; friends
C:speaks; girl-friends
D:speaking; teachersA student newspaper reports that most students go to sleep at 1:30 am. Even if that's an overstatement  , it's close to the truth. Scientists say teens should sleep nine hours each night. But that's hard. Some are even "pulling all-nighters"  . These students must hand in their homework the next day but they haven't done it. In the morning they don't look healthy and you can tell who's been doing it. One of my classmates did a survey on the topic. She found that most kids pull all-nighters to finish homework, but some do it for other reasons, such as playing computer games!
Maybe our lack  of sleep is because of laziness -- I think I'm a rather lazy student -- or maybe it's because we have too much to do in American high schools. I usually go to bed around midnight. If I stayed up past 1:30 am, I wouldn't get any work done. I'd be falling asleep at my computer. My classes begin at 7:30 am. I'm partly awake in my first class. By the second, I'm a little sleepy. By my third class, I'm sleepy. By midday I'm finally fully awake. But by 3:00 pm, I'm slowing down again. Yet I get more sleep than usual students.
Most American high schools seem to have a similar  problem with sleepy students. High school classes start at 7:30 am, so students have to get up one and a half hours before that to get ready and catch the bus. It's believed that lack of sleep can be bad for both grades and health. Some schools are paying attention. Classes in those schools start at 8:30 am.
The question is: When do students in most American high schools have to get up?
The possible answers are:
A:At 7:30 am.
B:At 6:00 am.
C:At 9:00 am.
D:At about 7:00 am.When I was a boy growing up in New Jersey in the 1960s, we had a milkman delivering milk to our doorstep. His name was Mr. Basille. He wore a white cap and drove a white truck.
Of course, he delivered   more than milk. There was cheese, eggs and so on. If we needed to change our order, my mother would write a note -- "Please add a bottle of buttermilk next delivery". Then she put the note and the empty bottles into the milk box. The next day, the buttermilk would magically appear.
There was also a close relationship between families and their milkmen. Mr. Basille even had a key to our house, for those times when it was so cold outside that we put the box in the house, so that the milk wouldn't freeze. And I remember Mr. Basille from time to time taking a break at our kitchen table, having a cup of tea and telling stories about his delivery.
I am sad that there is no home milk delivery today. Big companies produce cheaper milk, and milk is for sale everywhere. People may not need the milkman anymore.
Recently, I saw an old milk box in the countryside and it brought back my childhood memories. I took it home and put it outside the door. My son's friends always ask what it is. So I start telling stories of my boyhood, and of the milkman who brought us friendship with his milk.
The question is: The writer's mother put the note   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:into the bottles
B:into the milk box
C:in the kitchen
D:in front of the doorAs we know, Chongqing has changed a lot. Most of the people feel much safer now. More and more trees are being planted in the city. And every day you can see many old people play sports everywhere. The change makes the people in the city live a happy life. The small survey below is from the people who live in Chongqing. One hundred persons were chosen to answer the questions last week.
What they want Health Safety Food
52% 33% 15%
Where they like to live In a quieter place In a busier place In a greener place
15% 5% 80%
What they think of working in the city Bad Good No idea
8% 80% 12%
Whether they plan to change their living places Yes No Difficult to say
39% 41% 20%
The question is: Most people think working in Chongqing is   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:bad
B:good
C:hard
D:sadMy name is Maria. I'm 13. I live in New York City. I often go to school by bike. Riding a bike is good exercise for me. I like watching NBA matches on TV very much. I watch them every week. It's real fun for me. I like pop music a lot, too. My favorite singing star is Michael Jackson. At school, music is my favorite subject. I have a good voice and I play the violin well. I have a dream of being a singer like Madonna.
I'm Linda. I'm 12. I live in Los Angeles. I like playing football and basketball. I play football or basketball every day with my friends after school. I like animals and I also like animal stamps. I have panda stamps from my pen pal. They are very good. On weekends I often go to the mountains to paint pictures. I have painted some very nice pictures. Painting is my life, so I want to be a painter when I grow up.
I'm Sophia. My home is in Washington D.C. I like reading and watching programs about travel and history. I often stay at home reading on weekends. At school, I like French very much and I'm good at it. I'd like to be a guide. I can go around the world and meet a lot of people. That would be great fun.
The question is: Maria goes to school   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:on foot
B:by bike
C:by bus
D:by carI live in a new town with my family. There are lots of tall buildings in the town. The streets are busy and the traffic is heavy, but the pollution is not very serious .
In our town, more than half of the buildings have fifteen to thirty floors. Most of the people live in such tall buildings, but they don't have to climb the stairs. They use lifts to go up and down.
Many restaurants, supermarkets, cinemas and theatres are in very tall buildings. They are big, bright and modern. So people enjoy eating, shopping, seeing films and watching plays in them.
The streets in our town are wide, but because there are too many cars, they are still very busy. Sometimes when you come to the street crossing, you have to wait for the green lights for a long time. The people in our town never put _ everywhere or put dirty water into the river, so you cannot see much pollution in our town. I hope you'll come to visit our town if you like.
The question is: The streets in the writer's town are very busy because   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:there are too many cars
B:they are too wide
C:many people walk on them
D:the cars don't go fastEverybody makes decisions in daily life. They can be as important as what you will do in the future or as simple as what you will eat for breakfast. Any decision could be the turning point of your life.
I made an important decision when I was in Junior 3.
Before I made that decision I was one of the boys who tried too hard to act as an adult. I didn't know that only kids want to show themselves as adults.
I didn't listen to my parents and teachers, and my grades became poor. Then came the high school entrance exam.
At the turning point of my life, my mom wanted to have a conversation with me. I wanted to turn it down but when I looked at her eyes, I felt I couldn't refuse. Instead of asking me to study hard, to my surprise, Mom just asked what I wanted to do in the future. Without thinking too much, I just said I would like to study hard.
Mom smiled and asked again: "I asked: what do you WANT to do?"
I never seriously thought about the question. So, I kept silent.
"Whether you want to go on studying or enter the society," she went on, "it is your own decision. Your life ought to be decided by you, not by anyone else, including me. " After saying that, she had tears in her eyes.
For the first time in my life I was asked to make my own decision. I sat in my chair and thought about myself, my life and what kind of person I wanted to become.
It took me what seemed to be ages to make the biggest decision so far in my life--I wanted to be a man who makes a difference in the world. To achieve that, I needed to study hard.
The path to my future became clear to me. I didn't act rebelliously  any more. With passion   in my heart, I studied hard.
Now, I'm 17 and I'm in one of the best schools in my city, in one of the best classes at the school and I am one of the best students in the class.
Thanks to that decision, I have become what I am today.
The question is: Which of the following is TRUE?
The possible answers are:
A:The writer made the decision that he should work hard.
B:It took the writer several years to make the decision.
C:After hearing his mother's words, the writer had tears in his eyes.
D:At the turning point of his life, the writer wanted to have a conversation with his motherThe moon looks bigger than stars at night. But in fact, it is smaller than any stars. The moon looks big to us, because it is closer to us than the stars. The moon goes round the earth. It makes one trip about four weeks. The moon is round and looks beautiful. Now people know quite a lot about the moon. There is no air or water on the moon, so there are not any trees or animals or people on it. The moon gets its light from the sun, but some places on the moon are quite dark. It's very cold at night.
The question is: The sun  _  to the moon.
The possible answers are:
A:gets light
B:gives light
C:gives air
D:gets airHarry had a very small farm. He only had one cow but dreamed about having a large farm. He once asked his father Bill, "I'd like to have that land over there. How can I get it?" His father encouraged him to go and talk to the landowner  to see how they could get the land. Harry said. "But we don't have enough money." His father said, "Don't worry. Go and talk to him."
Several years passed. Harry had not only the land, but also several hundred cows. He had a happy life with his wife.
Later, Harry's wife, Sarah, had a dream. "I want to build the biggest farm in the world." She said. They called their friend Manuel about this task. Three days later Manuel had a plan for the whole project. Then they asked, "How much will it cost?" Manuel said they needed a lot of money.
"Nobody will lend us so much money to build a farm," they thought. But the manager of the bank _ them and their dream.
A few months later, La manuel, the biggest farm in the world, was opened.
The question is: The reason why Harry got the land and many cows was   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:he was rich
B:he got his help from his wife
C:he worked hard to get money
D:he borrowed money from the bankI think it's really very good to be a doctor. On the one hand, you can save people; on the other hand, they share their experiences of life with you.
I've been a doctor in Los Angeles. To be frank, my work is terribly busy but interesting. I can always meet patients in different conditions. One 'of my patients is a successful businessman. Cancer has changed his _ on life. " Happiness is like a cookie in a boy's hand, " he said. "If a young kid gets the cookie, everything will be good. With no cookie, life loses its color. When a boy becomes a man, the cookie may turn into money, a new car, or a beautiful house. "
"It took me many years to understand that the cookie never makes you happy for long. If the cookie is in front of you, you may care for it. But sometimes you may not get a chance to eat it, and then you are busy trying not to lose it. Having the cookie is not what life is about. After having cancer, for me, the cookie starts to lose its meaning. It is the most important that you can live a happy life with or without the cookie, " he said.
,.
The question is: What does the writer think of his job?
The possible answers are:
A:It's interesting
B:It's boring
C:It's tiring
D:It's difficultLi Ming likes walking. He goes for a walk after his father comes back from work. Li Ming likes water very much. He often throws his toys into the water. He plays with the water and sometimes he is wet all over . His mother says, "You are from fish, I think."Li Ming is very glad. "Yes, I like fish very much because fish can swim."
One Sunday morning, Li Ming goes to a park with his father. There are many trees and flowers in the park. There are a lot of people in the park. Some of them are sitting under the trees. Some of them are sitting at the tables and having tea or drinks. There is a big swimming pool in the middle of the park. Li Ming asks his father to take him to the pool.
"Why do you want to go there?" asks his father.
"I want to learn swimming,"answers Li Ming. "And you can teach me , I think."
"You are too young. And I'm sorry I can't swim." says his father.
"You can't swim? Wang Hai's father swims very well. Why can't you swim?"
"His father likes eating fish. So he swims very well." Says his father.
"Oh, I see,"says Li Ming. "But you like eating chicken very much. Can you lay eggs ?"asks Li Ming.
,.
The question is: Li Ming often walks with  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:his mother
B:his father
C:his friend
D:Wang HaiMr. and Mrs. Green had different ideas about where to go that weekend. Mrs. Green wanted to go to Florida to see her sister, but Mr. Green didn't want to go there. He wanted to go to Maine. "Maine is a little cold," said Mrs. Green. "I like swimming, but the water in Maine is usually not warm enough." "Florida's too far," said Mr. Green. " We don't have enough time to drive there. It'll take us more than two days."
Just then, the phone rang. Mr. Green answered the phone. It was Mr. Green's mother. "Please come in the shortest time. I need help. I'm calling from the hospital in Boston."
They stopped their talking, and in no time they both went away.
The question is: Where did they go at last?
The possible answers are:
A:Maine.
B:Florida.
C:Boston.
D:To their home.Yesterday, Dad and I made a big snowman. I was very cold, so Dad made some delicious soup and bread. When I got sleepy, Dad carried me to my bedroom and said, "Good night, Pumpkin  ."
This morning, there was a truck   in front of our house. A truck is not a bad thing unless it' s carrying your dad's things to the other side of town.
"I'll see you tomorrow morning, Jzzie," Dad said, giving me a kiss,
I said "bye" and ran to my bedroom. I got a stomachache again. I' ve had lots of stomachaches since Mom and Dad told me about the divorce   because I can't get used to _ .
When Mom told me it was time for dinner, I told her. I was not leaving my room.
Mom led me downstairs anyway. Dad's chair was empty. We didn't talk. We didn't eat.
The phone rang.
"Hi, Izzie. My new apartment building has an indoor pool, so bring your swimsuit tomorrow, OK?"
"I don 't want to go swimming, Daddy. "
"Well, think about it," he said. "It could be fun."
But I didn't want to have fun. In fact, I thought I would probably never have fun again.
I waited for him to say "Good night, Pumpkin." But all he said was "See you tomorrow."
When. I lay in bed, I found something under my pillow . It was an envelope. I opened it and pulled out a picture of a pumpkin. It was not even close to Halloween. I turned the picture over and saw the words  "Good night". I held the picture to my face and thought of Dad. Then I opened my top drawer, pulled out my favorite swimsuit and put it on my desk.
.
The question is: The writer didn't eat at dinner table because  _
The possible answers are:
A:she felt sad
B:she wasn't hungry
C:she didn't like the food at all
D:she wanted to wait for her fatherTommy:Hello, Tina.
Tina: Hello, Tommy.
Tommy: I can't find my cat . Tina, do you see it?
Tina: No, I don't. Is it under the chair?
Tommy: No.
Tina: Is it behind(......)the door?
Tommy: Let me see. My schoolbag is here. Where is my cat?
Tina: Hey, Tommy. Look,it's on your bed.
Tommy: Yes. Thank you,Tina. Mimi,come here.
The question is: What is behind the door?
The possible answers are:
A:Tina's cat
B:Tina's schoolbag
C:Tommy's cat
D:Tommy'sschoolbagOne day a man saw a lady on the road. Her car broke down and she needed help.
The man stopped his car and said: "I'm here to help you. You can call me Bryan Anderson." After he fixed the car, the lady wanted to pay him.
But Bryan said no. He said if she really wanted to pay him back, the next time she saw someone who needed help, she could give that person the help he or she needed.
A few miles down the road the lady went into a small cafe. The waitress came over. The lady noticed the waitress was nearly eight months pregnant  , but she never let it change her attitude   when she served   her.
The lady finished her meal and paid with a $100 bill. The waitress went to get the change. When she came back, she found the lady had gone and left a note on a piece of paper: "You don't owe   me anything. Somebody once helped me the way I'm helping you. If you really want to pay me back, here is what you do: Do not let the love end with you."
Under the paper were four more $100 bills.
The waitress was moved. She really needed the money, as the baby would soon arrive. Then she called her husband: "Everything will be all right. I love you, Bryan Anderson."
The question is: How did the man ask the lady to thank him?
The possible answers are:
A:He said she could pay him back next time.
B:He didn't ask her to do anything.
C:He asked her to help people in need.
D:He asked her to help his wife.Mr. Smith works in an office. He's very busy and has no time to have a good rest . Every evening , when he comes back from his office , he's always tired and wants to go to bed early . But his wife, Mrs Smith, often has a lot of interesting things to tell him after dinner . She doesn't stop talking before she goes to sleep .
One day the man felt terrible and couldn't go to work . He decided to go to see a doctor . And Mrs. Smith went to the hospital with him . Before her husband asked the doctor what was wrong with him , the woman told the doctor all and the doctor understood why . He wrote out a prescription . And when Mrs. Smith brought the medicine to the doctor , the doctor said to her , " The bottle of medicine is for your husband and the sleeping pills are for you . " " For me ? " the woman said in surprise " I'm fine . I don't need any medicine ! " " I don't think so , madam " , said the doctor . " They are sleeping pills . Your husband will soon be all right if you take them . "
The question is: In fact , Mr. Smith will soon be all right if   _   .
The possible answers are:
A:Mrs. Smith takes the bottle of medicine
B:Mr. Smith takes the sleeping pills
C:Mr. Smith stops working late
D:Mrs. Smith stops talking too much at nightI started to study English when I was a child because of Michael Jackson. He has been my idol   since 1991. I really wanted to understand him and his music. I used to use a dictionary to learn the meanings of words of songs written by him.
There was a lot of work to do to learn English, but I never felt tired. At first I learned about pronunciation, which was the hardest part for me. Because music was my
only source   of spoken English, sometimes I had to use a pronunciation dictionary. Then I made lists of words in order to remember them and their meanings. I would spend hours learning English grammar. What's more, I read a lot. I also tried to translate texts, dialogues and songs.
Because of my hard work, my English improved a lot. In the end, I entered a college and had a great chance to further improve my English. Now I am an English teacher. And I am still making progress in English.
The question is: From the passage, we know that the author is   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:hard-working
B:lazy
C:sad
D:lonelyIf we are driving a car or crossing a street, we will stop when the traffic lights turn red. Why do we use red rather than other colors?
As we know, scattering   happens when light goes through the air. For the same media, if the wavelength   is long, the scattering will be short. If the wavelength is short, then the scattering will be long.
Of all light we can see red has the longest wavelength, so the scattering is the weakest. That means the red light travels far. In fact, it travels farther on rainy days.
Using the red light can help drivers in farther areas see the lights. It helps drivers slow down or stop in time. If drivers don't see the red light until they are close, they may not be able to stop the car in time. An accident may happen. Red can also excite people. We can act more quickly when we see the color red.
In a word, red light helps drivers stop in time and help prevent accidents.
The question is: Red can make people act more quickly because   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:red can make people happier
B:the scattering of red is very short
C:the scattering of red is very long
D:red can make people more excitedIn America, when people say"man's best friend", they don't mean another person. Instead, they are talking about a lovely animal--a dog! These words show the friendship  between people and animals. Dogs and other pets can give joy to people's lives. Some people think of their pets as their children. Some people even leave all their money to their pets when they die!
Animals can help people, too. Dogs can be taught to be the"eyes"for a blind person   or"ears"for a deaf  person. Scientists have found that pets help people live longer! They make people happier, too. Because of that, they bring animals into hospitals for"visits".
Americans hold"Be Kind to Animals Week"in the first week of May. Pet shows are held during the week. Even if you don't live in America, you, too, can do this. How? First think about how animals make your life richer. If you have a pet, take more time this week to play with it. Remember to give it delicious food.
If you don't have a pet, be kind to animals around you. For example, if you see a street dog, just leave it alone, or make friends with it. If others around you do bad things to animals, try to speak up. As people, we must protect  animals who can't speak for themselves.
The question is: What is the main idea of the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:A lot of people are interested in dogs.
B:Dogs can help people do many things.
C:Pets are lovely and need care and protection .
D:We have done a lot of things for pets."Hi, Jenny!"
"Hi, Brian! What class do you have next?"
"I have art next," says Brian. "It's my favourite. I draw six pictures every week."
"You are a good painter ," says Jenny. "I see some of your pictures. They are beautiful. I like art too, but I am not good at it. I am not going to be a painter when I am older!"
"I tell you, Jenny," says Brian. "Art is interesting for everyone. You don't need to be good at it."
"You are right, Brian," says Jenny. "And I like our art teacher. He teaches us a lot. I am much better at art this year.
"Yes. Mr. Smith is good. He looks like a great painter too, with his long hair and big beard ."
"When do you have art lesson, Jenny?" asks Brian.
Jenny looks at her timetable. "I have art tomorrow morning," she says.
"What class are you going to now?" asks Brian.
"I'm going to music class. It's one of my favourites! We are learning a new song this week. I love to sing. What's the time, please?"
Brian looks at his watch. "Oh, no! It's 2:13! There are only two minutes!"
"Hurry, Brian!" says Jenny. "We don't want to be late for class! See you later."
"Okay. I am going to art class. See you after school!"
The question is: Who is Not good at drawing in this article ?
The possible answers are:
A:Jenny.
B:Brian.
C:Mr. Smith
D:No one.China is very famous  for its food in the world. There are many kinds of food in China. They're Cantonese  food, Sichuan food, Shanghai food, Hunan food and so on. And I like Sichuan food best.
Now, Sichuan food is very popular. There are many Sichuan food restaurants all over the country. Sichuan food is very hot , but people love it. In some famous Sichuan food restaurants, you can see many people waiting there. Now in Beijing, there are more and more Sichuan food restaurants.
The question is: Why are there many people waiting in some Sichuan food restaurants?
The possible answers are:
A:Because they are hungry.
B:Because the food there is very cheap
C:Because the restaurants are very small.
D:Because these restaurants are famous for their food.On May 2, 2012, Ashok Gadgil became the winner of the $100,000 Lemelson-MIT Award for Global Innovation  . Each year, the honor is given to an inventor who has made a big difference in the lives of people in developing countries. Gadgil is a professor and physicist at the University of California, Berkeley. He spent thirty years helping people in need. His inventions have helped more than 100 million people around the world. "I chose to focus on problems where my knowledge of science  could help," Gadgil said.
In the 1990s, Gadgil designed his first life-saving invention after more than 10,000 people died from Bengal cholera   because of the clean water crisis   in India. His invention uses ultraviolet light to kill deadly disease-carrying germs   from drinking water. It costs just one cent to clean five liters of water (about 21 cups). So far, the invention has provided safe drinking water for more than five million people in India and other developing countries.
Gadgil's another important invention is the Berkeley-Darfur Stove  . The long and violent war in Darfur, Sudan, has caused many people to move to foreign countries and live in refugee camps  . They are given food aid. But people still have to travel a long distance five times a week to gather firewood to cook meals. This can be dangerous because of street violence in the area. To avoid danger, some spend much of their money used to feed their families buying firewood.
The stove Gadgil created cuts fuel usage by 55%. That means people wouldn't have to leave the camps to find firewood as often. The invention also helps to save homes more than $300 a year. About 125,000 people and their families have been helped.
As a professor, Gadgil encourages his students, "Be optimistic   when you try a hard problem," he says. "It's when you solve a large problem that you can have a big influence on the world."
The question is: What do people benefit from the Berkeley-Darfur Stove?
The possible answers are:
A:They can sell stoves to make a living.
B:They can save both time and money.
C:They can be protected from diseases.
D:They can cook their food easily.So far, there have been so many successful men and women in the world. And it's no surprise for many of us to dream of doing business when we grow up. However, Moziah Bridge tells us quite different story.
Moziah Bridges is now the CEO of his Mo's Bow's company. He has already earned $200,000 by selling bow ties and other men's fashion accessories . The boy designs all the bow ties together with seven other workers in the company, including his mother and grandmother.
"Mo is the CEO of the company, but I am the CEO of Mo," Bridges' grandma said.
About four years ago, when Bridges went shopping for bow ties, he found they were in ugly"  black and red. He wanted a change. So he asked his grandma to teach him to sew and finally he developed the talent of creating bow ties. Though his very first bow tie didn't look nice, the young sewer kept on practicing. He used colorful cloth with different pictures. Then his parents and friends started to like his works.
At first he tried to sell them online to several stores in the south. Soon Mo's bow ties became popular. With the help of Dayond John, CEO of the famous US clothes brand FUBU, Bridges built his own company. Not only did Daymond John provide money for him, but also produced Bridges to the circle of fashion and business industries.
Now the 13-year-old's business has developed rapidly. So you can just start now! You don't have to wait till you're older. If you have a dream, go for it!
The question is: How many people are there in Mo's Bow's Company?
The possible answers are:
A:Seven
B:Eight
C:Nine
D:TenIt's hard to imagine life without the Internet. How greatly it has changed our lives in the past 15 years since it was widely used. At the same time, however, the Internet has also caused some traditions to fall away  .
E-mail is quicker and cheaper. Getting a handwritten letter from a friend has become a rare   pleasure.
Who would like to pay 60 yuan for 12 songs in a plastic case if you can find music in the Internet for free?
When almost any fact can be found within seconds through Google and Baidu, personal memory becomes less important. The Web can remember it for us.
When was the last time you watched the world out of a window? When was the last time you read a favorite book once again? When was the last time you sat in the cinema with your family? More and more people lose themselves in the Internet. They show less interest and spend less time in the outside world.
You've spent the past few years talking with your friends on QQ, or reading about his or her QQ square, so meeting a friend is no longer as important as it once was.
Have you ever found yourself doing homework with one eye on a QQ Space window? A growing number of people say the Internet is stopping young people from fixing their attention on anything for a long time.
When you surf the Internet, it feels like something you're enjoying and nobody knows it. But when you realize just how many people are watching your every move, it might just make you mad. Many people have realized their personal information can be found easily in the Internet even they don't want to.
The question is: Which of the following is TRUE according to the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:Personal memory becomes more important.
B:People get fewer handwritten letters from their friends now.
C:You have to pay if you want to find some music in the Internet.
D:Internet can help young people fix their attention on anything.It's still the holiday season and students in the UK are enjoying their winter break  .
Tiffany in Guangdong asks us about how British students spend their winter break.
For some, it's a time to study because they have exams next term. Some might have to study. They have to read some books. They use the winter break to catch up with  their reading. But some students can Let their hair down and celebrate Christmas and New Year with a few drinks.
This holiday is also an important time to chat with the family and maybe get some sleep too. Some lucky students are going away on holiday but it won't be long.
The question is: Which of the following is true?
The possible answers are:
A:The winter break in the   UK is not long.
B:The winter break in the   UK is a time for sleep.
C:Students work hard in the winter break.
D:Students are preparing for the coming exam.A long walk in the desert or the mountains can be exciting. And it's a great way to keep fit. If you carry a tent and some food, you can camp overnight. But wild places can be dangerous. Here's how you can enjoy walking and camping safely.
Before your trip
 Tell someone where you are going and when you expect to return. If you don't return on time, the people at home will know that you are lost or in trouble. They will know where to look for you.
 Make sure you've got a good map of the area that you're going to.
 Make sure you've packed the right equipment for your activities. The desert is often hot, but nights can be very cold, and sometimes there are big rainstorms. In the mountains, the weather can change suddenly. A sunny day can turn cold and cloudy quickly.
The tools for survival 
Sunglasses, sun hat, sun cream, windproof jacket, good walking shoes or boots, food, water, maps, compass, first-aid kit, matches, rope, knife, ground sheet,
the pack to carry your equipment.
What to do if you get lost
 If you're in a car and it has broken down, stay with your car.
 If you are not traveling by car, make yourself easy to see. A signal fire can be seen at night. During the day, smoke may be used to show where you are. A brightly-colored blanket  may help rescuers to find you.
 Stay where you are.
 If you walk for any reason, avoid walking during the hottest part of the day. Morning and evening walking is better for saving your energy water.
 Keep yourself away from the rain, wind and sun, but remember: try to make yourself be in sight.
The question is: According to the passage, we should make a fire to   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:show where we are
B:keep warm at night
C:cook our meal
D:drive animals awayIn China, many students spend  their weekends studying at school or doing homework at home.What are the students doing on weekends in America?
Kathy: We're washing people's cars. My friends and I are working together. The money we get is for our school basketball team .
Tom: I'm watching an interesting movie with my friend. It's noon. My friend is laughing  at something, so now I am laughing , too. We're laughing at the interesting dog in the movie.
Tony: I'm with my grandmother in the park. My parents are working today. We're playing and talking. She and I are good friends. She's telling me interesting stories.
Kitty: I'm sitting in bed with my notebook computer. It's 11:00 at night. I'm writing letters to my friends. They are in other countries . When I think of them, I'm very happy.
The question is: What are many Chinese students doing on weekends?
The possible answers are:
A:Playing with friends.
B:Watching TV.
C:Doing their homework or studying.
D:Washing cars.Being busy can become a way of life. Our lives are always filled with emails and text messages. They make us feel wanted and important, but in a tiring and empty way. Being busy has a dangerous allure . If you are busy all the time, it's hard to sit quietly with your thoughts or to really feel what you're feeling. Whynot let everything become a choice -- how we spend time, who we reply to and how much or little we write?
Many of us are busy becauseour self-worth goes up when people make demands on our time. Whydon't we free ourselves from needing, or even wanting? Why don't we make the best use of the time and space to be productive in a way that it best serves us? That may be consciously keeping ourselves not busy. In fact many great discoverieswere made by people who built white space into their day.
Imagine asking "How are you?" to one of the most successful people you know like Warren Buffet. I've never heard anyone at that level answer "busy" though most people believe they are.
What are they doing differently?
First, they aim to project an image that things are under control. Second, they actually have things under control. They've had excellent staff, implemented thoughtful processes and they spend time only on critical tasks that require their attention. They make high-level strategic decisions with a large effect.
It's time to end the glory of being busy and spend time setting up processes that make sense, rather than simply working more hours. To do this, you need to change yourway of thinking. It's cool to say you're busy, but it's better to be busy helping someone carry a stroller up the subway stairs or busy finishing a book.
How to free us from the trendof being busy? Start with small steps. For one day, be mindful of every daily activity. Consider each thing a choice and decide proactively if it's necessary or simply a habit you can get rid of or do in half the time. Next, stop saying how busy you are. Then, figure out what you want to achieve with your day and begin doing it. Put your time and energy where you want it to be.
The question is: The writer probably agrees that we should   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:stop considering each thing a choice
B:work more hours to achieve our goals
C:answer emails and messages as soon as possible
D:be mindful where we want our time and energy to beMy interest in Chinese food started many years ago, when I had my first job. I was a young reporter for the Daily Journal in San Francisco. Our office wasn't far from Chinatown. I usually managed to arrange my time so that I could go there at least two or three times a week for a good meal.
The first time I ever ate Chinese food I loved it. And since then, it just tastes better and better to me. The first thing I noticed was the fresh tastes of the meat and vegetable. When I learned more about the food, I began to understand why it has this special feature.
About 5000 years ago, China lost much of its wood because of over population and poor management of its forest. This loss was very bad for the country, of course, but it turned out to be very good for the food. Wood became very expensive and hard to get, so the Chinese had to learn how to use it better.
In order to use less wood in cooking, they started to cut their meat and vegetables into small pieces before they put them in the hot oil. That way, the food cooked faster and they saved their _ . The food prepared in this manner kept its fresh flavor --and it's this flavor that attracts people to the art of Chinese cooking.
I often wonder if the Chinese appreciated their solution to that ancient energy problem as much as I do now -whenever I eat Chinese food.
The question is: The author got to know Chinese food   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:when he worked as a reporter in China
B:from a news story in the Daily Journal
C:after he got a taste of it in the Chinatown
D:before he got his first job in San FranciscoI entered a university after years of hard study. I thought my life would be full of happiness and knowledge. But my life in the university is not as what I had expected. Then I became lazy and silent, even puzzled  . I don't know what my future would be like.
Four years in the university is only a short period. And a half of it has passed already. This year, many people, such as my parents and my friends, asked me what I wanted to do and they all told me to make a plan for my life with their thought. I don't want to take their advice. I want my own style. So I think carefully.
I have been a young volunteer for five years. It has been a happy time and it is a big thing for me. Then I have a dream to join the University Student Volunteer Go West Program. I think I can be a teacher in the west. I would like to devote my life to helping the children there. I want to make the world a better place for them. To make it come true, I will work harder in the next two years. There is an old saying "Where there is a will, there is a way". I think my dream will come true in the near future.
At last, I want to say to everybody, "Try your best to realize your dreams, no matter how big or small they are. The path to dream may not be smooth and wide. Even there are some difficulties you will face. But hold on to the end, you can find there is no greater happiness than making our dream come true."
The question is: What does this passage mainly tell us?
The possible answers are:
A:Never give up your dreams.
B:Never listen to others' advice.
C:To work harder when needed.
D:To be confident when facing difficulties.Mrs. Black lives on Second Avenue. New Year is coming. She wants to send   a card to her friend in Toronto, but she doesn't know where the post office is. She asks her neighbor   Mary, " Is there a post office near here? I want to send a card."
"The post office is not near from here," answers Mary, "but you don't need to go to the post office to post the card. There is a _ in front of the supermarket. You can put your card into the mailbox"
The question is: Mrs. Black and Mary are   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:friends
B:sisters
C:mother and daughter
D:neighbors.Mr Black is a football fan. Every morning he goes to work by train. As he has a long trip, he always buys a newspaper. It helps to make the time pass more quickly. One Wednesday morning, Mr Black turned the important football matches. He knew the Football World Cup would be held in his city soon. He decided to go to watch the football game.
While Mr Black was excited to be at the Football World Cup, he was disappointed at the location of his seat. Peering across the stadium through his telescope he saw an empty seat far away and made his way there. Mr Black asked the man in the next seat, "May I sit here?" "Sure," the man replied. "This was my wife's seat. She was a super football fan, and we used to come to the games together all the time until she _ ."
"I am sorry for your loss," Mr Black said. "But I am curious . Why didn't you give the extra  ticket to a friend or a relative?" The man replied, "They are all at the funeral ."
The question is: How does Mr Black go to work every morning?
The possible answers are:
A:By bus.
B:By taxi.
C:By car.
D:By train.Linda was a sixteen-year-old girl in Canada. She was feeling bad for several days. Her mother took her to a hospital and the doctors found out that she had cancer .
Linda's life changed. She began to go to the hospital often for treatment  and she also became _ .
The hospital and the doctors were good, but Linda did not have hope herself. Linda's mother called a flower shop close to the hospital. "I want some beautiful flowers for my daughter. She is a teen girl with cancer." She told the shop owner.
Later, the flowers arrived. Then Linda saw something unusual. It was a card. It read:
Linda,
I own this flower shop. I had cancer when I was fifteen years old. I am 24 years old now. Good luck. My heart goes out to you.
Yours,
Alice
Linda smiled. She finally felt some real hope. She found the will  to live.
Little things make a big difference. All of us can give little things like kindness, encouragement  and hope to others.
The question is: What happened to Linda after she read the card?
The possible answers are:
A:She became hopeful about life.
B:She wanted to work with Alice.
C:She thanked her mother a lot.
D:She was still unhappy."Can I see my baby?" the happy new mother asked. When she saw the baby, she was surprised. The baby was born without ears.
As time went by, the baby grew up. There was nothing wrong with his hearing. But some kids laughed at him because he didn't have ears. The baby was very sad, but his parents did nothing but felt sorry for him.
The boy's father talked with a doctor. "Could nothing be done?" the father asked. " I believe I could give him a pair of outer ears, if they could be got." The doctor answered. So they began to look for a person who would like to give his or her ears.
Two years went by. Then the father said, "You are going to the hospital, son. Mother and I have found someone and it will give the ears you need. But it's a secret, "said the father. The operation was very successful. Several years later, he got a good job.
One day, he told his father " But I must know who gave so much to me. I want to do something for him or her." "I am sorry, but I can't tell you." Said the father.
The secret was kept for years, but the day did come. For the boy it was one of the darkest days. He stood with his father over his mother's coffin.
Slowly, the father raised her thick brown hair to show that his mother had no outer ears. "Your mother said she was glad that she never let her hair be cut," he said, "and nobody ever thought she was less beautiful, did they?"
The question is: Why did the boy's mother never let her hair be cut?
The possible answers are:
A:Because she liked long hair.
B:Because she didn't let her son know the secret.
C:Because she had only an ear.
D:Because she had no ears when she was born.I learned about life from an ant farm. When I was seven years old, my family created one. First, we put clean sand in a thin glass box and put the ants into it. Soon they got to work making tunnels. I was amazed that each one knew exactly what to do. With my mom's help, I kept a record of what happened each day and named the ants.
One day when I had put my face close to the structure (building), accidentally I knocked it over, and all the tunnels fell in. Although the ants survived their earthquake, one by one they began to die. I was frightened as I watched them give up their tunnel-building to carry the bodies to a corner of the farm. My mother reported that the ants were dying of "frustration  ". They simply could not stand the reality that their tunnels had been destroyed.
Although much time has passed, I still think of that ant farm. Over the years, I came to realize the ants have the spirit of teamwork. Working together, they were able to create an amazing world for themselves. I also learned that they should be admired for their hard work. Day in and day out, each worked at their task. The ant farm showed that teamwork and perseverance   are indeed the keys to success. But there was an even larger lesson that I did not realize until recently --Adversity   is a natural part of life, and must be accepted. Unlike the ants, humans cannot give up when they face disappointment.
So I try to live my life like those hardworking ants. But, unlike them, I try not to let frustration defeat   me. I will have to keep building my tunnels.
The question is: What did the writer think of the ants?
The possible answers are:
A:Persistent   and friendly.
B:Selfish and foolish.
C:Clumsy   and lazy.
D:Hard-working but pessimistic  .Sonia lives in Sun District with her parents and sister. She loves this district very much. There is a restaurant next to her house. She often has lunch with her family there. A library is across from the restaurant on Sun Street. The street is quiet in the afternoon, but at night it is very crowded and busy. It's open from 9:00am to 4:00pm. She goes to read books with her sister very afternoon. There is a tall mall near the library across from Sonia's house. People can buy lots of delicious foods and some beautiful clothes in the mall. Welcome to Sonia's district.
The question is: Sun Street is   _  in the evening
The possible answers are:
A:crowed and quiet
B:busy and clean
C:crowed and busy
D:quiet and cleanPoor Alice was very unhappy. "What a wonderful garden!" she said to herself. "I'd like to be out there - not in this dark room. Why can't I get smaller?" It was already a very strange day. and Alice was beginning to think that anything was possible.
After a while she locked the door again, got up and went back to the glass table. She put the key down and she saw a little bottle on the table. Round the neck of the bottle was a piece of paper with the words DRINK ME in large letters.
But Alice was a careful girl. "It can be dangerous to drink out of strange bottles," she said. "What will it do to me?" She drank a little bit very slowly. The taste was very nice. like chocolate and oranges and hot sweet coffee. and very soon Alice finished the bottle.
"What a strange feeling!" said Alice. "I think I' m getting smaller and smaller every second."
And she was. A few minutes later she was only 25 centimeters high. "And now," she said happily,
"I can get through the little door into that beautiful garden."
She ran at once to the door. When she got there. she remembered that the little gold key was back on the glass table. She ran back to the table for it, but of course, she was now much too small! There was the key, high above her, on top of the table. She tried very hard to climb up the table leg, but she could not do it.
At last, tired and unhappy, Alice sat down on the floor and cried. But after a while she spoke to herself angrily.
"Come now," she said, "Stop crying at once. What's the use of crying?" She was a strange child, and often talked to herself like this.
Soon she saw a little glass box near her on the floor. She opened it and found a very small cake with the words EAT ME on it.[:. . ]
Nothing could surprise Alice now. "Well, I'II eat it," she said. "If I get taller, I can take the key off the table. And if I get smaller, I can get under the door. _ I'll get into the garden. So it doesn't matter what happens!" She went on eating, but nothing happened.
The question is: Why couldn't Alice get into the beautiful garden?
The possible answers are:
A:She couldn't find the key to the door.
B:She was too small to get the key to the door.
C:She didn't know how to get through the door.
D:She was not allowed to go into the garden.It all started when I was two years old. My parents didn't get along and got divorced . I hated that I couldn't see both of my parents at the same time. So my dad, my younger sister, Alexis, and I went to live with my grandma and grandpa. We lived with them for almost six years. My mom, on the other hand, lived with her boyfriend Michael in Oklahoma. My life was really good, but when my mom called to check up on my sister and me, I cried myself to sleep. I missed her so much.
My life at my grandparents' house was really nice. And then on Friday, May 15, 2002, my grandpa died of cancer. I cried for seven days straight. My dad and his new wife were worried about me. So they took me to the doctor and they said that I was too sad and that I needed to find something happy and healthy to do during the day.
I prayed to God every night saying that I was sorry for getting myself sick and I also prayed for him to take care of my grandpa. I still pray to this day. And now, at my mom's house, she has a four-year-old girl, my half-sister, Macie. And I have my step-dad , Michael, there for me. I really like Michael. He's really good to me and my sister. And at my dad's house, I have two little brothers, Blake and Justin. Blake is two years old and Justin is ten months old. I have so much to be thankful for, but I'm still looking for more.
The question is: The writer cried to sleep while her mother called to check up her because she    _   .
The possible answers are:
A:hated her father
B:hated her father's new wife
C:missed her mother
D:missed her grandpaIf you want to become a better reader, here are four important points to remember about rate or speed of reading:
First, knowing why you are reading and what you are reading to find out will often help you to know whether to read rapidly or slowly.
Second, some things should be read slowly. Examples are directions for making or doing something; arithmetic problems, science and history books. They are full of important information. You must read such things slowly to remember each important step and understand each idea.
Third, some things should be read rapidly. Examples are simple stories for enjoyment, news, letters from friends, items or bits of news from local or hometown paper, telling what is happening to friends and neighbors.
Fourth, in some of your readings, you must change your speed from fast to slow, and slow to fast, as you read. You'll need to read certain pages rapidly and then slow down and do more careful reading when you come to important ideas which should be remembered.
The question is: A book about knowledge of the nature should be read   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:either rapidly or slowly
B:rapidly
C:neither rapidly nor slowly
D:slowlyTwo hunters rented  a small plane to fly them to a forest. They told the pilot to come back and pick them up in about two weeks. By the end of the two weeks, they had hunted a lot of animals and they wanted to put all of them onto the plane.
But the pilot said, "This plane can only take one lamb. You'll have to leave the others behind."
Then one hunter said, "But last year, another pilot with the same plane let us take two lambs and some other animals onto the plane."
So the new pilot thought about it. Finally he said, "OK, since you did it last year, I think this year we can do it again." Then they put all the animals they had hunted onto the plane, and the plane took off. Five minutes later, it crashed.
The three men looked around, and one hunter asked the other one, "Where do you think we are now?"
The other hunter looked around and said, "I think we're about one mile away from the place where the plane crashed last year."
The question is: The two hunters stayed in the forest for   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:one week
B:two weeks
C:one year
D:two yearsSummer Term in the School of Life will start on Friday 25 January 2015, in Collingwood, Melbourne, Australia and will become the first international school to open its doors.
To make everyday life rich, the writer Alain de Botton has worked hard at getting the best ideas and the School of Life is his brainchild . Since it began in London in 2009, more than 50,000 people have taken part in its programs and its new way of life-long learning is now well-known all over the world.
Summer Term in the School of Life is a 10-week project offering a selection of the UK's most popular programs, led by Australia's thinkers. "We are very excited to start the School of Life in Australia. We can't wait to start receiving our first guests ," says Alain de Botton.
Summer Term will include different classes, workshops and other special events held every Friday, Saturday and Sunday between 25January and 31 March. The conversation Cafe onsite will serve up a daily conversation menu, light food and of course, delicious coffee.
"There has been a growing need among Australians to deal with the problems in life like love, creativity, work, money, nature and death. The School of Life Australia will provide a space for us to explore   these subjects," says Sara Tiefebtun, Project Director of the School of Life Australia.
Program details for the School of Life Australia's Summer Term will be announced in December 2013. For more information sign up to our mailing list at:
Updates will also be shared regularly on Twitter
and Facebook
.
The question is: Which of the following would be the best title of the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:The School of Life in London.
B:The School of Life in Australia.
C:Summer Term in the School of Life.
D:Some National School to be started.Dear Sir,
Good day! I want to become a pilot  , because my cousin is a pilot . I think he is great. He is cool when he wears his pilot uniform. If I become a pilot , my parents will be proud  of me and I can travel around the world . I am in the third grade in a university. I'm tall with medium build; I'm quite healthy and strong. I like playing sports .If I have a chance to become a pilot, I will have a great time flying in the blue sky. I believe I can be a good pilot .The problem is that I can't  afford  my dream .You know, to be a pilot needs a lot of money. My parents are both workers. They don't have much money. Could you help me find a sponsor ( ),sir?
And how can I get a scholarship  ?
I am _ your help, sir?
If you have time, you can e-mail me at www,cn,com . Your help will mean a lot, sir.
Once again good day and thank you.
Yours   Wei
The question is: From the passage we know   _   .
The possible answers are:
A:Wei has a lot of dreams
B:Wei's cousin always wears school uniform
C:Wei's parents are against  Wei's decision
D:Wei is trying to make his dreams come true.You've heard of 3D printing from newspaper and TV programs. It can "print" in plastic, metal, nylon, and over a hundred other materials. 3D printing technology has been around since the 1980s, it was not widely used until the early 2010s. The first working 3D printer was created in 1984 by Chuck Hull.
3D printers use many different types of technologies, but they all share one thing in common: they create a three-dimensional  object by building it layer , by continuing layer, until the whole object is completed. Imagine a baker lay down each layer one at a time until the whole cake is formed. 3D printing is somewhat similar, but just a bit stricter. How can 3D printers work so well? The most important thing-a program, a 3D printer also needs to have instructions for what to print from a computer. It needs a file as well. The file which is a Computer Aided Design (CAD) paper is created with the use of a 3D modeling program. The program creates a paper that is sent to the 3D printer. Along the way, software pieces the design into hundreds, or more likely thousands of layers. The 3D printer builds up one layer at a time, from the bottom to the top, until the object is done.
3D printings can be used for making many kinds of things such as machine parts, daily life objects, even human organs  using a person's own cells.
Nowadays, Marc. Dillon founds a project which deals with many world famous paintings like Leonardo da Vinci's Mona Lisa, Van Gogh's Sunflower with 3D technology. This project helps the blind people enjoy the fantastic art through touching. In order to provide a good user experience, these 3D paintings have special instruments which can tell people what they touch.
The question is: The first working 3D printer was created in   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:1980
B:1984
C:2001
D:2010Do you get angry at your friends' singing loudly while you are working? Or when your best friend does not wait for you after school?
If you do, you need to control your feelings and stop getting angry so easily. Getting angry with people can make you lose friends.
Gary Egeberg, an American high school teacher, has writtenMy feelings Are Just Like Wild Animalsto help you control your feelings. It tells teens how to stay cool when bad things happen to them. The book says that getting angry only makes problems worse. It can never make them better. Getting angry is not a natural way to act. It is just a bad habit, like smoking. The book says you can control your anger easily--all you have to do is telling yourself not to be angry.
When a baby falls over, it only cries if people are watching it. Like a baby, you should only get angry if you are sure it is the right thing to do.
*Keep a record. Every time you get angry, write down why you are angry. Look at it later and you will see you get angry too easily.
*Ask your friends to stop talking to you when you get angry. This will teach you not to be angry.
*Do something different. When you get angry, walk away from the problem and go somewhere else. Try to laugh!
The question is: The writer wants to tell us  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:not to get angry
B:to work hard at school
C:to do more exercise
D:to help each otherNew Baby Brother
I was sitting in school when I heard the news.
"Your baby brother is born,and wants to see you!"
Dad got me from school and to the hospital with no delay.
Hurrying on our journey,he almost forgot the way!
My brother's hands were tiny,and wrinkly soft, like a prune.
After he smiled at me,Mom said, "He'll come home soon!"
Everyone "oohing" and "aahing",they say "He is so sweet.
And one day he'll walk around on those little baby feet!"
The question is: The family felt   _   to have the new baby.
The possible answers are:
A:worried
B:surprised
C:relaxed
D:excitedMary Walker works at a bank.  She begins working at eight in the morning.  She has a break at noon for one hour.  She stops working at five in the afternoon.  At five the bank closes.  Everybody goes home.  Some people drive home.  Some ride bikes.  Some take the bus or the train.  But Mary walks home.  She likes to walk.  She walks,  and walks,  and walks and walks.  Mary lives eight miles  from the bank.  She walks for three hours.  At eight in the evening,  Mary is at home.  She eats dinner.  At ten she goes to bed.  Mary is tired .  She is 82 years old.
The question is: How far is it from Mary's house to the bank?
The possible answers are:
A:Five miles.
B:Six miles.
C:Seven miles.
D:Eight miles.Writer: Amy Gillett
Price:$24.95Fare :$3.99(Ships from and sold by Amazon.com.)
INTRODUCTION  .................................9
Lesson 1: Bob's Day at Work...........................11
Lesson 2: Bob Returns Home with Bad News.........17
Lesson 3: Ted's Day at School........................23
Lesson 4: Nicole's Day at School.....................27
Lesson 5: Ted Goes Out for the Evening...............33
REVIEW: Lessons 1-5 .................................37
:
The question is: You can probably read this passage   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:in a textbook
B:on the Internet
C:in a storybook
D:in a reportCan you imagine that someone could cure all the diseases in the world? It seems like an impossible job, But Priscilla Chan wants to make it come true.
Chan, 31, is from the United States. Many people may know her as a wife of Mark Zuckerberg , the founder of Facebook. But Chan herself has done a lot to help people.
Chan and Zuckerberg said in September that they would give out $3 billion , that's about Y=20 billion in the next 10 years to help deal with all of the world's diseases. As a doctor for children, Chan was a big driver in this decision. "By investing  in science today, we hope to build a future in which all of our children can live long and meaningful lives," she said.
She cares about not only children's health but also their education. Before becoming a doctor, Chan taught science to the 4th and 5th graders at a school in California for a year. That year she started a project called The Primary School. It provides education for children from kindergarten to the 12th grade.
Chan herself knows how important education is to a child. She has a Chinese father and a Vietnamese mother. Her parents didn't come to the US with much. But they worked hard to make sure Chan and their other two daughters had the best opportunities  possible. Chan went to Harvard University in 2003 and now works as a doctor.
"I realized that I was so lucky to be what I was," said Chan. "It drives me to make sure others, no matter what background they have, can have their opportunities, to reach their dreams and their full potential ."
The question is: What does Chan really want to do to help others?
The possible answers are:
A:Give money to poor children.
B:Cure some of the diseases in the world.
C:Invest in education to make more money.
D:Provide opportunities for others to reach their dreams.It was Mother's Day,but the young mother was a little unhappy,because she was 800 miles away from her parents.In the morning she phoned her mother to wish her a happy Mother's Day,and her mother told her about the beautiful lilacs in the garden.
Later that day,when she told her husband about the lilacs,he said,"I know where we can find all that you want.Get the children and come on."So they went,driving down the country roads.
There on a small hill,they saw a lot of beautiful purple lilacs.The young woman ran quickly to enjoy the flowers.Carefully,she picked a few here and a few there.On their way home there was a smile on her face.
When they were passing a nursing home ,the young woman saw an old granny sitting in a chair.She had no children with her.They stopped the car and the young woman walked to the old woman,put the flowers in her hands,and smiled at her.The old granny thanked her again and again.She smiled happily,too.
When the young mother came back to her car,her children asked her,"Who is that old granny?Why did you give our flowers to her?"
"I don't know her,"their mother said."But it's Mother's Day,and she has no children.I have all of you,and I still have my mother.Just think how much those flowers meant to her.
The question is: The young woman had   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:one child
B:no child
C:more than one child
D:a boy and a girlToday's the day of a big test at school, and you feel awful. Your stomach hurts and you have a headache. Some people might feel their hearts beating quickly while they are waiting for the test paper. A student with really strong test _ may even feel like he or she might be sick or throw up .
Sound familiar? You'll find that just about all people--adults and others--have some anxiety before a test. According to studies, proper anxiety can be helpful, keeping you sharp and focused and even helping you get good grades. But when you have so much anxiety or feel so sick that you can't do well in your studies or tests, that's bad for your studies or your body health.
Of course, if you don't study for the test, you might be worried. That kind of anxiety isn't easy to deal with because even if you find a way to calm down, you still might not know what to do with it. When you are preparing for a test and you get a handle on your test, you will be able to let your knowledge work well and get good grades.
For example, last Wednesday was the day of a big test at school. Jane felt awful. Her stomach hurt and she had a headache. She knew she hadn't caught a cold--but only a little nervous about the test. She really didn't know why.
The question is: From the passage, we learn test anxiety  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:is common among people
B:comes from laziness
C:is only for unhealthy people
D:comes from teachersLast summer my parents and l went to Yunnan. It left us wonderful memories. If you like a spring climate  ,clean air and nice views, then Yunnan is the best place for you!
Day l Shanghai-Kunming
Activities: Arrive in Kunming. Hotel check-in.
Meals: No meals
(We flew to Kunming. After our arrival   in Kunming, the guide took us to our hotel by bus. Then he showed us around the shopping center for the rest of the day.)
Day 2 Kunming
Activities: Visit Stone Forest, Bird & Flower Market.
Meals: Breakfast, Chinese Lunch
(In the Bird&Flower Market, we saw many kinds of flowers and birds as well as some traditional Chinese arts.)
Day 3 Dali-Lijiang
Activities: Arrive in Lijiang. Visit Lijiang Dayan Ancient   City, and its famous Square Street.
Meals: Breakfast, Chinese Lunch
(The Ancient City of Lijiang is known as Dayan Town. It has a long history of over 800 years.)
The question is: Which is NOT right according to the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:The writer spent at least three days in Yunnan last summer.
B:The writer visited Lijiang Dayan Ancient City on the second day.
C:The writer enjoyed himself in Yunnan last summer.
D:The writer didn't travel from Shanghai to Yunnan alone.Maybe you have seen this in schools: some students are studying hard all the time but they just pass their exams, while some others may spend much less time on their books but do much better in exams. How could this happen? People used to think that hard-work is the only way to success. But now they have understood that smart work can make them succeed, too.
Hard workers don't mind working for long hours, while smart workers always think of several different answers to these questions, " Why should I suffer  this? Isn't there s better way to do this?"  Thanks to these people, we can use computers instead of the abacus  now. Progress in every field  is the direct result of " try a better way" by smart workers.
There was a large soap factory in Japan. Once it received an unusual letter, complaining  that there was no soap in the soapbox he bought.  How could empty soapboxes go out of the factory? The engineers   checked the producing and packing . The producing was fine, but in about one in ten thousand cases, the packing machine let an empty soapbox go. There was no need to spend a lot of money repairing the machine for such a small problem. The engineer soon work out a solution. He put a huge X-ray machine and two large computers to find out the empty soapboxes. After teaching the worker how to use it, he sat down in his seat, exhausted .
" Sir, we could have solved the problem in a much easier and cheaper way." said one worker. " Really? How?"  " We can put a huge fan  near the packing machine. The wind will _ the empty boxes. There would be no need for an X-ray machine and computers."
See, this is smart work. In order to succeed, we should not work hard like the engineer, but also think smartly like this worker.
The question is: Someone wrote the soap factory and complained that  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:the soapbox he bought was empty
B:their soap was too expensive
C:the soap he bought was terrible
D:their service was very badWe all see and hear about extraordinary  people around us and wonder why we can't be more like them. It's not the big things that make someone extraordinary. It's the small things. They become extraordinary by making a difference in someone's life. Here are some of the things extraordinary people do every day:
Praise someone. It can make the others feel great about themselves. A compliment can have a positive impact  on their lives. Your team or family will love you for it.
It's OK to admit  you were wrong. You will not only gain the respect of your team mates, but you will also gain credibility .
When you need help, don't be shy or stop yourself. Everyone needs a little help sometimes. When you ask for help, you receive help. You're willing to listen; you also need support at times.
When you don't understand how something works, let an expert show you. When you let someone teach you something, you are telling the person that you respect his talent, time and what he is talking about.
Sometimes it is very important to stay silent. Especially when you're angry, process your emotions, think back to what happened, and then come to a decision about how to deal with it. Before you say anything, consider others' feeling. Never be rude with words or actions.
The question is: What makes a person become extraordinary?
The possible answers are:
A:Do some big and great things.
B:Some small things.
C:Having a lot of money.
D:To be a famous person.She is a beautiful red-haired girl. she has been shopping with her mom in Wal-Mart. It was raining hard outside. We all stood there under the awning  . Her voice was so sweet. "Mom, let's run through the rain," she said.
"What?" Mom asked.
"Let's run through the rain!"
"No, honey. We'll wait until it slows down a bit," Mom replied.
The child waited about another minute and repeated, "Mom, let's run through the rain."
"We'll get wet if we do," Mom said.
"No, we won't, Mom. That's not what you said this morning," the young girl said as she pulled her mom's arm.
"This morning? When did I say we could run through the rain and not get wet?"
"Don't you remember? When you were talking to Daddy about his cancer , you said, we can get through anything!"
The crowd  became silent. Nothing could be heard but the rain. No one came or left in the next few minutes. Mom thought for a moment about what she would say.
"Honey, you are right. Let's run through the rain. If we get wet, maybe we'll just need to get a wash," Mom said.
Then off they ran. People all stood watching, smiling and laughing as they rushed past the cars and through the puddles .
They held their shopping bags over their heads. They got wet through. But they were followed by a few who laughed like children all the way to their cars.
People can take away your money and health. But no one can ever take away your memories....So don't forget to make time to make memories every day.
The question is: Mom told the girl's father "we can get through anything" in order to   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:show she is strong
B:encourage him
C:prove her ability
D:make memoriesHave you seen the movie Changjiang 7(CJ7)?The story is about a boy called Dickey. He lives a poor life with his father. His father doesn't have any money to buy toys for him. One day his father finds him a strange toy from a junkyard  . Dickey names it Changjiang 7 (CJ7). It is an alien dog. It can do many things that humans can not do. Dickey takes it to school to help him in many ways.
CJ7 is a popular movie. Xu Jiao,born on August 5,1997 in Ningbo,Zhejiang,plays Dickey. On April 21,the girl won Best New Performer   at the Hong Kong Film Awards for her play in CJ7.Now Xu Jiao becomes a new film star. She is well-known especially among young kids. Many of them want to own such a helpful toy as CJ7.
Xu once said it was difficult to play a boy. "To get an idea of what a boy is like," she said,"I watched boys and I also studied and played with them a lot."
The question is: _   finds a toy from the junkyard.
The possible answers are:
A:Dickey
B:Xu Jiao
C:Dickey's father
D:Xu Jiao's fatherHave you seen the movie Changjiang 7(CJ7)?The story is about a boy called Dickey. He lives a poor life with his father. His father doesn't have any money to buy toys for him. One day his father finds him a strange toy from a junkyard  . Dickey names it Changjiang 7 (CJ7). It is an alien dog. It can do many things that humans can not do. Dickey takes it to school to help him in many ways.
CJ7 is a popular movie. Xu Jiao,born on August 5,1997 in Ningbo,Zhejiang,plays Dickey. On April 21,the girl won Best New Performer   at the Hong Kong Film Awards for her play in CJ7.Now Xu Jiao becomes a new film star. She is well-known especially among young kids. Many of them want to own such a helpful toy as CJ7.
Xu once said it was difficult to play a boy. "To get an idea of what a boy is like," she said,"I watched boys and I also studied and played with them a lot."
The question is: Xu Jiao's birthday is on  _   .
The possible answers are:
A:April 5
B:August 5
C:April 21
D:August 21Mr. Brown is a teacher. He is from New York, America. He would like to work in China because he likes our country. He thinks Chinese people are very friendly and he likes to live in China. He is happy to work in our school. He likes the school life here. He teaches English. There are 50 students in his class. Mr. Brown is kind. He and his students are good friends, too.
Now some of Mr. Brown's students play sports on the playground . Bill and Mike play tennis. Tom and John play ping-pong. The other students play basketball. Mr. Brown is happy to play basketball with them. They have a good time.
,,.
The question is: What does Mr. Brown think of Chinese people?
The possible answers are:
A:Friendly.
B:Beautiful.
C:Interesting.
D:Fun.Saturday was going to be a special day for Sara. It was her birthday. No one had mentioned her birthday so far, and it was already Wednesday. " _ ", Sara thought to herself.
Sara went to school and told her friend, Jenny, that Saturday was her birthday.
"I know," said Jenny. "Lynn told all the girls about your birthday."
"Wow, I didn't realize everyone knew," said Sara. Saturday finally came and Sara got up early.
"Good morning, Sara," said Mum.
"Hi," said Sara. She looked around, but didn't see anyone _ her birthday.
"What are you doing today?" asked Mum.
"Just stay at home," said Sara, feeling a bit sad. She didn't want to tell Mum it was her birthday.
"Why don't you come with me to the Recreation Centre?" asked Mum.
"What will I do there?" asked Sara.
Mum said they needed help with a community project.
That afternoon Sara and her mum went to the Recreation Centre. When they opened the door, people shouted, "SURPRISE!" Sara couldn't believe it. There were friends from school and her family. She saw Uncle Rick, Aunt Claire, and many cousins along with Grandma Joan. The walls were decorated with colourful balloons. There was a big cake sitting on the table along with many presents. A small band played the songs Sara and her friends liked to dance to.
Sara was called to cut the first piece of her birthday cake. She felt so special. "This is the best birthday I've ever had!" said Sara. "Thank you to everyone."
The question is: Which of the following can be put in the blank ?
The possible answers are:
A:I won't want others to know about it
B:I don't want to have a birthday party
C:This is the best birthday I've ever had
D:I guess no one remembers it's my birthdayWhen the plane was waiting at the airport,a big snake climbed up the steps and into the plane. It went to sleep under the pilot's  seat. Nobody noticed. Soon the passengers  get on the plane and it took off. A little girl called Mary took out a whistle  and began playing. But none of the passengers liked the music. They got the stewardess to ask the girl to stop.
The sound of the plane's engines  woke up the snake. It put its head out and looked around the captain's  room. When the captain saw the snake, he was so frightened that he could hardly breath. He was so afraid that he could not control  the plane. The plane began to swing from side to side. The stewardess told the passengers what was happening and ask them to calm down. Mary was not afraid. She ran to the captain's room with her whistle and began to play the slow tune . At once the snake followed her. The girl returned to her seat and the snake lay on the floor beside her. Dancing to the music.
When the plane landed the airport the snake was taken in a net to a zoo near Mary's house. She often went to visit the snake.
The question is: It was  _   who saved all the people's lives in the plane.
The possible answers are:
A:a brave man
B:stewardesses
C:Mary
D:the captain"Whoosh!" The ball flew into the net and the game was finally over. This game had gone into overtime   twice. Until the last goal was scored, no one had any idea which team would win.
Dave felt so bad because his team had lost. He liked playing soccer, but he liked winning even more. Now the two teams should have a picnic together. Dave did not want to eat lunch with the other team. The other team would probably brag   by talking about how they won the game.
Dave went to the locker room   to change out of his soccer clothes. There the coach talked to the team about what they had done well. They also talked about how they could improve. Then everybody walked outside towards the picnic table.
One of the players from the other team was standing near the picnic table. He handed Dave a paper plate. "Hi, I'm Miguel," he said.
"Hi," Dave replied, looking down at the ground.
"You played great," Miguel said. "I didn't think we were going to win."
Dave was surprised. Miguel was not bragging at all.
"Thanks," Dave said to Miguel. "You played great, too."
Dave felt happy. Dave promised himself that the next time his team won a game, he would not brag to the other team. It was wonderful to win, but it was even more important to be a good winner.
The question is: Which sentence best describes Dave?
The possible answers are:
A:He didn't like to lose.
B:He got angry a lot.
C:He got tired easily.
D:He was not friendly to others.A popular saying goes, "Sticks and stones may break my bones, but words will never hurt me." However, that's not really true. Words have the power to cheer us up or let us down. It doesn't matter if the words come from someone else or ourselves -- the positive and negative   influences are just as lasting.
We all talk to ourselves sometimes. We're usually too shy to admit  it, though. In fact, we really shouldn't be because more and more scientists believe talking to ourselves out loud is a healthy habit.
This "self-talk" helps us make ourselves active, remember things, solve problems, and calm ourselves down. It is said that as much as 77% of self-talk is likely to be negative. So in order to stay positive, we should only speak words of encouragement to ourselves. _ . The next time you finish a project, do well in a test, or finally clean your room, join me in saying "Good job!"
Often, words come out of our mouths without us thinking about the influence they will have. But we should realize that our words cause certain influence in others. For example, when returning an item to a store, we might use warm, friendly language during the exchange. And the salesperson will probably answer in a similar manner. Otherwise you may get into trouble.
Words have power because of their lasting influences. Many of us feel sorry for something we once said. And we remember unkind words said to us! Before speaking, we should always ask ourselves: Is it true? Is it loving? Is it needed? If what we want to say doesn't pass this test, then it's better left unsaid.
Words have power: both positive and negative. Those around us receive encouragement when we speak positively. We can offer hope, build self-confidence and encourage others to do their best. Negative words destroy all those things. Will we use our words to hurt or to cure? The choice is ours.
The question is: There is no need for us to feel shy when we talk to ourselves because   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:almost everybody has the habit of talking to themselves
B:talking to ourselves always gives us courage
C:we may gain quite a few advantages of talking to ourselves
D:it does no harm to have "self-talk" when we are aloneFor nearly 250 years, Debrett's has advised the British public on suitable social manners. Now, it has listed modern guide to good manners, answering the questions that most trouble the British public in 2014.
Using mobile phone in public
More questions are asked about mobile use than any other case. According to Debrett's, it is always rude to pay more attention to a phone than the people around you, and they should always be put away when you're paying for something in a shop. They should be turned off in theatres, cinemas or any space where silence is required.
Smoking e-cigarettes at work
As electronic cigarettes become more popular, questions about whether they are acceptable in the workplace are asked more often. According to Debrett's, they should never be used in a work environment. Smoking e-cigarettes at work shows that you're not focused on your work and may also have a bad influence on your workmates.
Giving up your seat on public transport
In a recent university experiment only 20 per cent of London tube passengers are willing to give up their seat to people in need. According to Debrett's, passengers should always offer to give up their seat to any person that is pregnant, elderly, or clearly in need. It is important to remember, however, that it is just as impolite to rudely refuse the offer of a seat as it is to not offer a seat.
Eating before everyone is served
The final question is one that we've all asked ourselves: is it rude to start eating at the table before everyone else has been served? According to Debrett's, the simple answer is yes, unless the host or hostess _ dinners to start.
The question is: How many questions about good manners are listed in the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:250.
B:2014.
C:4.
D:20.Delia was a young pianist. Her husband, Joe, was a young artist.
Each of them was taking lessons: Joe with a famous art teacher, and Delia with a great pianist from Germany. Their teachers were the very best, so lessons were expensive, more than they could really afford, but...when you love your art, nothing is too much.
But soon the money began to run out, and they couldn't afford the lessons any more.
Then one day Delia came back home and told Joe that she had met a man whose daughter, Sally, wanted to learn the piano, and he was going to pay her $ 50 an hour.
"Delia," Joe said, "I'll be much happier if you keep up your lessons," Delia said it didn't matter. "When I've had some money, I'll continue." But Joe also decided to stop his lessons, to draw pictures and sell them.
A few days later, Joe came home and proudly took $ 200 from his pocket. "I met a man from Vermont," he said, "who bought one of my pictures. And he wants to buy more!"
 _ .They didn't have to worry any more about money.
Then, one day, Joe came home and saw that Delia's hand was wrapped in a bandage . He asked her what had happened. "Oh," said Delia. "My student, Sally, asked me to make some coffee for her. I dropped the coffee and burned my hand. Sally went straight to the drugstore and got this bandage for me. "
"Delia, what have you been doing the last two weeks?" Joe asked. She tried not to tell him, but the tears came. "Oh Joe, I couldn't get any students, so I worked as a waitress in a restaurant. Today, I burned my hand with hot water. So I can't work any more. But we'll still have money from the man in Vermont, won't we?"
Joe looked at her. "There's no man in Vermont, " he said. "I've been working in a drugstore, and today someone came in to buy bandages for a woman who's burned her hand. So when I saw you, well, I guessed."
They both laughed.
[A story by O. Henry--adapted ]
The question is: The best title for the passage can be   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:Blind love
B:A pleasant gift
C:A service of love
D:An unforgettable lessonIn the opinion of many people, the twoparent family is the correct way to raise children. Traditionally, this has been as the most natural way, but singleparent families have had to face prejudices  against their lifestyle. However, the singleparent family is the fastest growing type of family. In the United States, a national survey showed that at least 50% of children will be members of a singleparent family. So we think it is important to throw prejudices away and to see the advantages of singleparent families.
When compared to twoparent families, singleparent families are usually at a disadvantage in some ways. They are often in short of money, and children receive less attention. What's more, single parents can find themselves under too much pressure  of both work and home. Despite  these disadvantages, it is possible for singleparent families to look for support from friends, schools, communities or other organizations. They need to remember that nobody can do it alone.
Surprisingly, singleparent families also have some advantages over twoparent families. Single parents have greater flexibility  in spending time with children, because they don't have to consider the needs of a husband or wife. So they can develop closer relationships with their children. Another advantage comes from the fact that single parents often work together with their children to solve problems, which makes children feel more needed and valued.
It's important to remember that singleparent families have, until now suffered prejudices from some people. They think that it's easier for the children in singleparent families to drop out of school in teens, and to be jobless in their early twenties. But, with the support from friends, schools and communities, singleparent families become more accepted by society, and this situation is certain to improve. In the future we will probably see these prejudices disappear.
The question is: Which of the following may be the best title for this passage?
The possible answers are:
A:Advantages and Disadvantages
B:Changing Views on Singleparent Families
C:Best Lifestyle for Children
D:Comparing Two Types of FamilyI began to send e-mails when I was 17. I discovered Google 5 years later. Now, I use the internet all the time. The Internet has become so popular that 90 percent of 12-to-17-year-olds in the United States use the internet, and about half of these kids use it every day. They visit chat rooms and send e-mails. They go to websites to get information for their homework.
"Kids are now living in a virtual  world," says Greenfield, an expert at University of California, "As the Internet is becoming more and more important for our life, we should worry about one question: Is the Internet good or bad for kids? "
"It's ***to answer the question because the Internet involves  so many things," says Justine, who is from Northwestern University. "They include online computer games, news, messages and even e-mails to your grandmother." So more and more people believe that the online world can be helpful in some ways but dangerous in others.
"Although it's not easy to tell whether it's good or bad,"says Justine, "the Internet, at least, is very useful and can be  used widely by everyone in the world.
The question is: Greenfield  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:is an expert from Northwestern University
B:wants to stop all the kids from using the Internet
C:is worrying about whether the Internet is good or bad for kids
D:thinks that the Internet is good for all the kids in the worldI'm Jenny. Nothing is cuter than my dog, Marley. He sleeps near my bed at night and gives me kisses every morning. He gets sad when I leave for school. But he's always there waiting when I get home., ready to go for a walk or play a game.
On a Christmas Eve , Marley walked with my family to a store. My mum tied him up outside. When we came out of the store, Marley had gone. My mum called the police to report that he had been stolen. We couldn't find him anywhere. I was very sad. It was the worst Christmas Eve ever.
That night, I didn't sleep well. My cat seemed to know I was sad and hugged me to make me feel better. On Christmas morning, I woke up and called for Marley. Then I remembered that he had gone.
Even though it was Christmas, I didn't want presents. I didn't want anything, except my friend.
Then my mum got a phone call. Someone found him! A woman saw a man on the street trying to sell a scared dog. She felt bad for the dog and used her own money(more than $200)to buy him. She took him to a vet . The vet scanned the dog for a microchip .The vet found our phone number in the microchip and called my mum.
I was so excited when I saw Marley. I want to say thanks to that woman. She's my hero. Getting Marley back was the best Christmas present ever.
The question is: Marley   _   every morning.
The possible answers are:
A:hugs Jenny
B:plays a game
C:goes for a walk
D:gives Jenny kissesCars are lots of fun, but they could also be dangerous. We have to be careful when we drive them or ride in them.
It's always a good idea to put on your seat belt when you're in a car. Why? Think about this example: You put an egg on a skateboard and give it a push. If the skateboard hits a stone, it will stop, but the egg won't. It will fly through the air, hit the ground and break.
Now, think what would happen if you tied the egg to the skateboard. When the skateboard hits a stone, the egg won't go flying; it will stay safely on the skateboard.
Volvo, a famous Swedish carmaker, was the first to use seat belts in 1849.
Air bags are also very important for car safety, because sometimes a seat belt isn't enough. If the car is going really fast and runs into something, seat belts could even hurt the people who wear them. Most new cars have air bags in front of and next to the seats. When a car hits something, its air bags will come out quickly in less than one second to keep the people inside safe.
The question is: Seat belts can make us safer because .
The possible answers are:
A:we are interested in them
B:they can stop us from hitting other cars
C:they can help us stay safely on the seats
D:they are made of strong materialsHave you ever hoped a toy balloon? They are very light. But there are much bigger balloons can fly very high up in the sky. They are big enough to carry people. They are called hot-air balloons.
To make a hot-air balloon go up, turn on the burner . That will make the air inside the balloon hotter. Then the balloon will go up.
To make the balloon go down, turn off the burner. The air inside the balloon will get cooler. Then the balloon will go down. Underneath(....) the balloon there is a large basket. That is where the pilot and the passengers go.
The burner is just above the basket. You can stand in the basket and turn the burner on and off. The balloon will go where the wind is blowing the right way! Do you want the balloon to go somewhere special? First make sure the wind is blowing the right way!
People have been flying in hot-air balloons for over two hundred years. Before planes it was the only way of flying. Today people fly in hot-air balloon for fun. Some people like to race hot-air balloons.
The question is: Now everything is all right! The balloon is flying across the sky. Where are you going?
The possible answers are:
A:Towards the sun
B:To the seaside
C:Where the wind blows you.
D:To the nearest mountainsOn June 30, 2009, a Yemenia airplane from Paris to Comoros, Africa, crashed into  the Indian Ocean. There were 153 people on the plane, including some French officials. Though people have been searching since the plane went down, the result looked unpleasant, for most of the passengers might be in bad luck. But a 13-year-old girl called Bahia Bakari was discovered in the water, where she had been staying afloat  by holding a piece of wreckage(   ) from the plane tightly for over 13 hours. When they found her, the girl was too weak to catch the lifebuoy( ) thrown to her, instead, a Comoran police officer jumped into the water to pull the child onto the boat. Bahia Bakari was injured, especially her collarbone(   ).Her father was pleased to see his daughter although his wife had gone away in this _ . He said that his daughter could hardly swim. It was really a miracle for her to escape in this way. In her daddy's warm arms, the girl could soon remember what she had experienced. "I was thrown out of the plane and then I saw the plane fall into the water. Next I found myself in the water. I couldn't swim very well and I caught something but I didn't know what is was," said the girl. "She is really a lucky young girl," said Alain Joyandet, France's minister for International Cooperation.
The question is: What's the best title for the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:A lucky girl
B:A sad family
C:A broken plane
D:A brave police officerYou've got plenty of emails from your mom, and maybe even a few from dear old grandma. But have you ever received a message from a river?
Now, Ireland's River Lee is sending out much information, thanks to wireless  technology. In a program called the DEPLOY project, scientists have put some sensors  in rivers that can find pollution levels.
Instead of asking scientists to collect water _ several times a day, the government can now examine pollution levels in the water, and find out if there is anything polluted entering the river. This makes it much easier for scientists to protect the environment, since problems can be discovered before a serious pollution accident really happens.
People in the area can also receive free reports from the river, so that they can find out whether the water is safe for swimming or boating on a certain day. And people can also know if the water is clear enough for them to drink and use.
The DEPLOY project has not only started in Ireland, also the same programs have started in thousands of places around the U.S. Now you live in a world in which you could receive information with your mobile phone about environment. The technology should help to make us know more about the pollution that surrounds us--which just might get us all a little more involved with trying to clean up our world.
The question is: How do scientists find pollution levels in rivers?
The possible answers are:
A:By putting sensors in rivers.
B:By using mobile phones.
C:By boating or swimming.
D:By surfing the Internet.This holiday my sister and I went to Shanghai. My sister had just graduated and she wanted to find a job in Shanghai.
My uncle lived in Shanghai, so we lived with him after we got there. On the first day we went to a lot of interesting places, including Waitan and Huangpu Park. We spent the next few days helping my sister find a job. We read many advertisements in newspapers to find one. My sister couldn't get the first job because they said she was too young.
Then we lost our way and couldn't find the second company. We had a map but the city is so big, so we had to ask someone for help and finally found the second company. The boss had a talk with my sister and asked her to wait at home for their decision. A month later we went home. My sister couldn't find a job in   Shanghai because she was not knowledgeable enough or she didn't have enough experience. In this holiday we learned that if we want to succeed in life, we have to work hard and get a lot of knowledge.
The question is: What does the passage mainly tell us?
The possible answers are:
A:My sister couldn't find a job in Shanghai because she was not knowledgeable enough or she didn't have enough experience.
B:If we want to succeed in life, we have to work hard and get a lot of knowledge.
C:Shanghai is so big, so we couldn't find a job easily.
D:Shanghai is so big, so we lost our way easily.Kangkang's father is a doctor. When SARS, a kind of serious disease, spread in Beijing, he took an active part in the battle against it. He left his wife and his son to work in the Xiaotangshan Hospital. He cared for the patients day and night. He couldn't go home and he could only talk with family on the telephone. "Do you miss your family?" asked a reporter. "Yes, of course. It's my duty to save the patients," Doctor Lee answered.
The question is: Do you think Kangkang's father is a good doctor?
The possible answers are:
A:Yes, he is.
B:Yes, I think so.
C:No, I don't think so
D:Yes, she is a good nurse.Thanksgiving Day
Almost every culture in the world has held celebrations of thanks for a plentiful harvest. The American Thanksgiving holiday began as a festival of thanksgiving in the early days of the American colonies almost four hundred years ago.
In 1620, a boat filled with more than one hundred people sailed across the Atlantic Ocean to settle in the New World. Their first winter in the New World was difficult. They had arrived too late to grow any crops, and without fresh food, half the _ died from disease. The following spring Indians taught then how to grow corn, a new food for the colonists. They showed them other crops to grow in the unfamiliar soil and how to hunt and fish.
In the autumn of 1621, many crops of corn, beans and pumpkins were harvested. The colonists and much to be thankful for, so a festival was planned. They invited the local Indian chief and 90 Indians. The Indians brought deer to roast with the turkeys and other wild game offered by the colonists. To this first Thanksgiving, the Indians had even brought popcorn. In following years, many of the original colonists celebrated the autumn harvest with a festival of thanks.
Thanksgiving falls on the fourth Thursday of November, a different date every year. The Thanksgiving is a time for tradition and sharing. Even if they live far away, family members gather for a reunion at the house of an older relative. All give thanks together for the good things that they have.
The question is: Which of the following is right?
The possible answers are:
A:In 1620, many crops of corn, beans and pumpkins were harvested.
B:The following winter the Indians taught them how to grow corn.
C:Thanksgiving falls on the fourth Thursday of November.
D:With fresh food, half the colonists died from disease.People have been interested in color and its effects for hundreds of years. More recently, research has turned to the question of how different colors can help students learn better.
Believe it or not, some colors can affect a child's IQ . For example, a simple black and white color scheme may cause IQ to become low, while the good use of reds and oranges may raise it as much as 15 points. Be careful not to use too much, however; a little red is exciting, but too much makes people uncomfortable. Bright yellow is exciting to the brain, while the color green is thought to encourage creativity.
Use blue and green to calm yourself. Blue, especially, can cause you to calm down. Something blue in a reading area, for example, may help you focus  on what you are reading. But too much dark blue can make you sad, so use light blue on walls or large floor areas.
If you are struggling to read, try a different color of paper. According to a study, 80 percent of children who had difficulty in reading improved their understanding when they put something grey or blue over their pages. Do not use bright colors here, as they become difficult to look at after a while.
However, use bright colors like red, orange and yellow for important points. These colors attract the eye and may help you notice details.
The same color of the walls of a room do not help you focus on your studies, but make you slow in understanding. Colors, on the other hand, make the senses active and encourage learning. Use primary colors red, yellow and blue in a proper way. Then how do you make your choices of color? It mainly depends on your space, the lighting and the function   of the room.
The question is: Which might be the proper title for the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:What should we learn about colors?
B:Why are people interested in colors?
C:Where should we be careful with colors?
D:How do colors affect our learning abilities?In Singapore, many school students spend a lot of time on their studies. People always think that good schooling  is the key to success . So, many of these students try their best to get good grades in their tests. They have a lot of homework every day and tests are usually a big problem to them. Sometimes, a few students even have to go to evening classes after school because of the pressure  of the tests.
Students have many after-school activities to do at school, such as sports games, dance groups, swimming and rock-climbing. On weekends, they have enough time to do what they like. Most students like to listen to pop music. Hollywood films, Hong Kong and Singapore films are very popular, too. Some of them also spend free time surfing the Internet, e-mailing their friends, playing computer games. They sometimes go to cafes, fast food restaurants, shopping centers and big bookstores. They also join in community service .
So life for students in Singapore is not easy but _ and colorful.
The question is: Which of the following is the after-school activity at school for the students in Singapore?
The possible answers are:
A:Surfing the Internet
B:Watching movies
C:Dancing
D:Listening to pop musicLots of people make it as their aim to get to the top of Mount Everest. Mark is one of them. The difference between Mark and other climbers is that he lost both his legs when climbing. New Zealand's highest mountain, Mount Cook. He was caught in a big ice hole and he had to have his legs cut below the knees after he was saved. But that couldn't make Mark lose heart, who has become the first person with man-made legs to reach the top of Mount Everest.
From the top of the world's highest mountain, Mark called his wife to say he made it. His wife, Anne got the phone when she was sleeping. She couldn't hear him clearly on the phone. She was unable to say when he reached the top but thought it was around mid-day. She also said his "legs" didn't work well sometimes, so her husband was carrying a spare leg and repair tools.
Mark used to be a mountain guide before his accident. He said it was not important that no one like him had ever reached the 8850-meter mountain.
"I'm not doing this to be the first. I have been climbing most of my life and I just feel Mount Everest is really a great aim. I want to send a message that I can do-anything better."
The question is: Mark's story makes us believe that he is a   _   man.
The possible answers are:
A:polite
B:brave
C:kind
D:cleverWe each have a memory . That's why we can still remember things after a long time. Some people have very good memories and they can easily learn many things by heart, but some people can only remember things when they say or do them again and again. Many of the great men of the world have got surprising memories.
A good memory is a great help in learning a language. Everybody learns his mother language when he is a small child. He hears the sounds, remembers them and then he learns to speak. Some children are living with their parents in foreign countries. They can learn two languages as easily as one because they hear, remember and speak two languages every day. In school it is not so easy to learn a foreign language because the pupils have so little time for it, and they are busy with other subjects, too.
But your memory will become better and better when you do more and more exercises.
,.
The question is: Everybody learns his mother language  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:at the age of six
B:when he is a small child
C:after he goes to school
D:when he can read and writeJimmy is at school now. He is in the classroom, but he can't find his schoolbag. Where is it? Is it lost? Oh, no! It is in his room. He doesn't take   it to the school. He calls his sister Sally and asks her to take his school things to the school. Here are his school things.
His schoolbag is on the chair. Under the chair is his pencil box. His notebook is on the desk. His dictionary is on the bed. His pencils aren't in the pencil box. They're on the sofa.
Oh, Sally, don't forget  to take his baseball. Jimmy always plays baseball after school. But where is his baseball? Oh, it's under the table.
The question is: What is on the sofa?
The possible answers are:
A:Sally' s pencils.
B:Jimmy' s pencils.
C:Sally' s notebook.
D:Jimmy' s notebook.There is a girl. Her name is Chen Rong. She's a student in Grade Four at Jiajiao Primary School  in Chongqing. Teachers and students all like her, because  this eleven-year-old girl studies very well and she is very diligent . Every day she is the first one to come to the classroom and clean  the classroom.
At home Chen Rong is a filial  girl. There's something wrong   with her mother's eyes so Chen Rong cooks for her parents every morning. There's something with her father's left hand . After school Chen Rong works in the _ with him. She hasn't got time to play. She says she is her father's left hand and her mother's eyes.
The question is: Which of the following is TRUE?
The possible answers are:
A:There are three people in Cheng Rong's family.
B:Chen Rong doesn't like cleaning the classroom.
C:Chen Rong's father cooks for his family.
D:Chen Rong never cooks for her familyOn a hot African morning, Leila was lying on her stomach and an elephant was walking towards her. Leila waited. Then she pushed the button on her camera. "And I got my best photo of an elephant ever, by lying under my car," Leila explained. "I wanted to get close to the elephants, but of course this was dangerous; they had their babies with them. So every morning I used to park my car in the open near the path  . They used to take the same path every morning when they left the water hole. After a week, they were used to seeing my car. So the next morning, I lay under it and got my photo!"
Many of the best wildlife photos come from good planning. In Africa, photographers set up their hides   near water holes. They also set up hides near forest paths, as animals use the same paths every night. For bird-watching, many lakes have hides. Inside the hides, bird-watchers can watch all day in the shade   out of the wind and rain.
Good wildlife photos are needed for books, postcards, magazines and newspapers. But a success rate of 1 in 20 is good.
The question is: How can photographers take good photos?
The possible answers are:
A:By making good preparation.
B:By going into the forest at night.
C:By walking around the holes.
D:By going to the nearest lake.No matter how old your kids are, you can take steps to improve a healthy diet and to encourage good eating habits.
Tip One: Family Meals
Family meals are nice for both parents and kids. Children like to guess what they are going to have and parents get the chance to introduce new foods to children. Parents can also use the mealtime as a chance to talk with their kids about their life.
Tip Two: Healthy Snacks
Kids, especially younger ones, will eat mostly what can get at home. That's why it's important to have enough healthy snacks, such as fruits, vegetables, nuts, yogurt and whole-grain biscuits.
Tip Three: Being a Good Example
The best way for you to encourage healthy eating is to eat well yourself. Kids will follow the lead of the adults they see every day. By eating fruits and vegetables and avoiding fast food and sweet drinks, you are sending the right message.
Tip Four: No Shouts about Food
Parents might find themselves shouting at children to get them to have healthy foods in front them. This in fact can make children dislike what they are asked to eat. You need to work a bit on different cooking methods .
Tip Five: Get Kids Included 
Most Kids will enjoy making the decision about food. Talk to them about making choices and planning a healthy meal. It can help them to make good decisions on their own about the foods they want to eat.
,,A, B, C, D,. (2,10)
The question is: According to Tip Four, what should parents do if kids refuse to eat healthy food?
The possible answers are:
A:Explain how healthy it is.
B:Ask kids to get used to its taste.
C:Never cook the same food.
D:Try cooking it in a different way.Many parents like setting family rules for their kids. When kids break rules, parents will give them some punishments, which aren't included in rules. In fact, when you tell your kids about a new rule, you should talk with them about the price they should pay for breaking the rule -- what the punishment will be.
Punishments you set should be reasonable, without violence or threat  . For example, if you find your son smoking, you may limit his social activities for two weeks. You should punish your kids only in ways you have discussed before the rule is broken. A study shows that the most popular punishment is to limit kids' TV time.
It's understandable that you'll be angry when rules are broken. Punishment is a way to express your anger, but it's not a very good one. Sharing your feelings of anger, disappointment or sadness with your kids can have a better effect   on them. Try to do that. When your kids know what they have done has made you sad, they will feel _ . When they know their actions influence you greatly, they will obey rules better.
Rules are made to help your kids behave better. If your rules or ways of punishment make them unhappy or under a lot of pressure, are they helpful?
The question is: In the writer's opinion, which is thought to be the best way to express anger to kids?
The possible answers are:
A:Punishing them.
B:Keeping silent.
C:Asking them to do some housework.
D:Telling them how disappointed you are.My parents want to take me to visit Beijing this summer holiday. I want to plan a good trip. So I must learn something about Beijing on the Internet. Beijing is a beautiful city. Autumn is the best season. There are many places of interest in Beijing. We want to visit the Great Wall, the Palace Museum and the Summer Palace. Beijing Duck is very famous all over the world. I hope I could have a try.
We can get to Beijing by train. I want to buy a gift for my good friend. I also want to send a postcard to my teacher. I think I will have a great holiday.
The question is: What does the writer want to buy?
The possible answers are:
A:A gift.
B:A book.
C:A shirt.
D:A camera.Will it matter if you don't take your breakfast? A short time ago, a test was given in the United States. People of different ages, from 12 to 83, were asked to have a test. During the test, these people were given all kinds of breakfasts, and sometimes they got no breakfast at all. Scientists wanted to see how well their bodies worked when they had eaten different kinds of breakfasts.
The results show that if a person eats a right breakfast, he or she will work better than if he or she has no breakfast. If a student has fruit, egg, bread and milk before going to school, he will learn more quickly and listen more carefully.
The result is opposite to what some people think. Having no breakfast will not help you lose weight. This is because people become so hungry at noon that they eat too much for lunch. They will gain weight  instead of losing it. You will lose more weight if you
your other meals.
The question is: According to the passage, some people think that if you don't have breakfast you will    _   .
The possible answers are:
A:be healthier
B:work better
C:lose weight
D:lose your wayO. Henry, a famous American writer of short stories, was born in North Carolina in 1862. O. Henry was a pen name. His real name was William Sydney Porter. When he was a young boy, he did not go to school for long because of being born in a poor family, but he tried to teach himself everything he needed to know.
When he was about 20 years old, O. Henry went to Texas. There he tried different jobs. He first worked on a newspaper, and then had a job in a bank. But he got himself into some trouble. Some money went missing from the bank. O. Henry was believed to have stolen it, so he was sent to prison . During the three years in prison, he learned to write short stories. After he got out of prison, he went to New York and went on writing.
He wrote mostly about New York and the life of the poor there. People liked his stories, because almost all of them finished with a sudden change. This made the readers surprised.
The question is: Which of the following is true?
The possible answers are:
A:O. Henry was from a rich family
B:O. Henry was in school for a long time.
C:O. Henry learned everything he needed by himself.
D:O. Henry liked writing stories when he was a little boy.An eighty-year-old couple were having trouble with their memories . One day, they decided to see a doctor. The doctor told him that there was nothing serious, but he suggested that they should start writing things down to help them remember things. The couple thanked the doctor and left.
Later that night while watching TV, the old man got up from his chair and his wife asked, "Where are you going?"   "To the kitchen."he said.
"Will you get me an ice-cream?" asked the wife.
"Sure."
Then his wife asked him to write it down.
"No, I can remember that," replied the husband.
"Well, I also want some strawberries and cream on top. You'd better write it down, or you will forget that," said the wife.
"No, I can remember that," the husband got a little unhappy and went into the kitchen.
After about 20 minutes, the husband returned with a plate of fish. The wife laughed, "Haha! Your bad memory! I wanted some bread with cream."
The question is: What did the wife really want?
The possible answers are:
A:Some bread with cream
B:An ice-cream with some strawberries and cream
C:A plate of fish
D:Some strawberries and creamNow more than 40 million foreigners around the world are learning Chinese,according to a report. The relationship between the United States and China is becoming more and more important in the world. This has really influenced the growth of Chinese language learning in U.S.
I am Chris from the United States. I am one of the many people who are learning Chinese. I am studying at a Confucius Institute in New York. There are 10 students in our class. Some are over thirty years old. Some are middle school students. Our teacher comes from Beijing. He is fun and often tells us interesting things in China.
I think Chinese is difficult to learn. The biggest challenge for American learners is the writing. Chinese is completely different from any other language in the world. It will take me a lot of time to learn enough Chinese characters . But 1 think there are many benefits   of spending time in learning Chinese. One important benefit is that it makes me see things from a different point of view, because Chinese is such a different language from English. I think for American students the most important benefit is that learning a challenging language can open up their eyes.
The question is: From the passage we know that  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:Chris is an American
B:Chris is thirty years old
C:Chris has been to China
D:Chris is in China nowJack is a twenty-year-old young man. Two years ago, when he finished middle school, he found work in a shop. Usually he works until ten o'clock in the evening. He is very tired when he gets home. After a quick supper he goes to bed and soon falls asleep. His grandma who lives downstairs is satisfied with   him.
One day, on his way home, he met Mary. They were both happy. He asked the girl to his house, she agreed happily. He bought some fruit and drinks for her. And they talked about their school, teachers, classmates and their future  . They talked for a long time.
"Have a look at your watch, please," said the girl. "What time is it now?"
"Sorry, something is wrong with my watch," said Jack. "Where's yours?"
"I left it at home."
Jack thought for a moment and found a way. He began to stamp his foot on the floor, "Bang! Bang! Bang!"
The sound woke his grandma up. The old woman shouted downstairs, "It's twelve o'clock in the night, Jack. Why are you still jumping upstairs?"
,.
The question is: Jack was  _   when he finished middle school
The possible answers are:
A:sixteen
B:eighteen
C:twenty
D:fifteenI do not need a calendar to tell me when it is winter. All I need is my nose. When I wake up in the morning and smell the tasty treats my mom is cooking downstairs, I know winter has arrived.
The first one is the smell of chocolate. During the holiday season (from Thanksgiving to New Year's Day) my mother makes her special hot chocolate. She always adds a peppermint candy cane   to the drink and tops it with cream.
The hot chocolate gets me out of bed, but it is my mother's chocolate fudge   that makes me run downstairs. It is a thick chunk   of chocolate that tastes like heaven. My mother adds nuts. That gives it more texture  .
But my mother isn't done yet. She also makes a treat she calls "window panes  ". She takes a few different colored marshmallows   and melts them together with chocolate. The final product looks like a colorful church window, so we call it "window panes".
These tasty holiday treats are usually eaten after a meal as a dessert. But don't tell Santa Claus because I secretly eat them all day long.
The question is: What wakes "me" up in the morning?
The possible answers are:
A:The alarm clock.
B:My mom.
C:The noise upstairs.
D:The smell of food.Riding School:
You can start horse-riding at any age. Go riding any day except weekends.
But at 3:30 p.m. on Saturdays, there are 10 kilometers of rides across farmland and open countryside. You will need a riding hat.
Opening Hours: Any weekday: 9:00 a.m.-8:30 p.m.
Phone: (412) 396-6754   Fax : (412)396-6752
Sailing Club:
Our Young Sailor's Course leads to the Stage 1 Sailing qualification . You'll learn how to sail safely. Have fun with other course members.
Opening Hours: Tuesdays: 6:00 p.m.-8:00 p.m.
Phone: (412)396-6644   Fax: (412)396-6644
Watersports Club:
We have a two-kilometer-long river for boat racing and water-skiing. You will learn to drive boats safely and confidently, but must be able to swim. The club is open every day from 9 a.m. to 4 p.m. with lessons all through the day.
Opening Hours: From Monday to Friday: 9:00a.m.-4:00 p.m.
Phone: (412)396-6899    Fax: (412)396-6890
Diving Centre:
Our experienced coaches offer one-month courses in deep-sea diving for beginners. There are two evening lessons a week.
Opening Hours: Monday and Friday: 6:30 p.m.-8:30 p.m.
Phone: (412)396-6312    Fax: (412)396-6706
The question is: Which number should be faxed if you like to experience a new activity in the countryside?
The possible answers are:
A:(412)396-6644
B:(412)396-6706
C:(412)396-6752
D:(412)396-6899Satellites are an important part of our ordinary lives.For example, the information for weather forecasts is sent by satellite.Some satellites have cameras which take photographs of the Earth to show how clouds are moving.Satellites are also used to connect our international phone calls.
Computer connections of the World Wide Web and Internet also use satellites. Many of our TV programs come to US through satellites.Airplane pilots also sometimes use a satellite to help them find their exact location.
We use satellites to send television pictures from one part of the world to another.They are usually 35,880 kilometers above the equator.Sometimes we can see a satellite in the sky and it seems to stay in the same place. _ is because it is moving around the world at 11,000 kilometers an hour--exactly the same speed that the earth rotates.A satellite must orbit the Earth with its antennae facing the earth.Sometimes, it moves away from its orbit ,So there are little rockets on it which are used to put the satellite back in the right position.This usually happens about every five or six days.
Space is not empty! Every week, more and more satellites are sent into space to orbit the Earth.A satellite usually works for about 10-12 years.Satellites which are broken are sometimes repaired by astronauts or sometimes brought back to Earth to be repaired.Often,very old or broken satellites are left in space to orbit the Earth for a very long time.This is very serious because some satellites use nuclear  power and they can crash into each other.
The question is: What's the speed the earth rotates at?
The possible answers are:
A:35,880 kilometers per hour.
B:335,880 kilometers per hour.
C:11,000 kilometers per hour.
D:110,000 kilometers per hourNow more and more people communicate  by sending messages with mobile phones, sending e-mails or even chatting on line. How about our pen, pencil or paper? Which one do you think is easier and more convenient, handwriting or texting  ?
Today, texting is the most common way of communication, even among young students. People don't write letters anymore. They usually send e-mails to their friends. From texting to e-mails, it seems like keyboard   are _ the good old pencil and paper. As a result, many students are poor in handwriting. Some even don't know how to write normal words we often use.
In order to improve students handwriting skills, the British government  recently decided to open handwriting lessons in middle schools. The British government hopes the students will be able to learn how to write business and personal letters properly at any length . The students will also be taught different kinds of writings. They will also learn to use correct spelling, punctuations  and grammar. The handwriting lessons will begin in 2014. Why don't you practice handwriting and write letters to your family and friends to surprise them?
The question is: When will the British government begin the handwriting lessons?
The possible answers are:
A:In 2004
B:In 2012
C:In 2013
D:In 2014Our new neighbours are the Browns. They have two children, a boy and a girl. The boy is Jack and the girl is Alice. Jack is 11, and he is one year older than me. Alice and my sister Nancy are 8 years old.
At weekends, Nancy and I like to go to play with Alice and Jack. Both Jack and I really enjoy playing computer games. Sometimes the girls join us, but the games they enjoy are different from the ones we like.
There is a big park near our house. Sometimes, when the weather is fine, the four of us will go for bike rides there. We often stop at the huge playground to have some fun. Jack and I like to play basketball, but the girls prefer to sing and dance.
Our families often have dinner together. On some days, they come over to our house and on other days, we go over to theirs. Mr Brown and his wife cook really well.
Nancy and I are very glad to have the Browns next door. It's great to have friends living so near.
The question is: The writer thinks it's   _   to be friends with the new neighbours.
The possible answers are:
A:boring
B:great
C:difficul
D:safeIf there is an "Olympics for Eating", the days from Halloween in October to Super Bowl Sunday in January are it. Kids always get at least 7 pounds heavier over these holidays.
Well, what do we have in the "Olympic for eating"? The first activity is the Halloween Candy. You can try any way to collect candies.
Next is the Thanksgiving food. You have dinner around a turkey with family and friends on Thanksgiving Day. Eat the delicious food as much as you can. About one month later there is Christmas and then the New Year's celebration. Go on eating delicious porridge  and peas. You are so lucky to have so many holidays and get so close to each other. At last, the game ends with Super Bowl Sunday. On this day, you don't have dinner. You have mountains of snacks!
Who wins the game? Those who don't get heavier! Start practising now! You must be more careful about what you can eat!
The question is: Which of the following is TRUE?
The possible answers are:
A:If the kid eats the most food, he wins the game.
B:If the kid gets the heaviest, he wins the game.
C:If the kid is heavier after the eating game, he can't win.
D:If the kid doesn't eat the food during the game, he wins.Amos Dudley, a 24-year-old boy who studies digital design at New Jersey University of Technology, felt ashamed about his teeth. But being a student, Dudley didn't have the money to get braces . So, he decided to
3-D print his own and marked down the DIY project in a recent blog post. His braces totaled less than $60, and after wearing them for 16 weeks, his teeth are also getting straighter.
Months ago, he mentioned on his blog that he avoided smiling for a while because he was unhappy with his teeth.
However, clear braces can get pricey, costing up to $8,000. But after studying some images of these expensive clear braces, something comes up on him--they looked like that one which can come from a 3-D printer.
So he decided to hit up his school's 3-D printing equipment and scanned and printed models of his teeth. He
then made non-harmful plastic molds   around them to make 12 sets of braces.
Dudley, who does not recommend attempting any of this at home said that he didn't ask a dentist for his project. But the student did get information from journal articles and textbooks. And though this was a perfectly
friendly choice to buy braces. He didn't accept the project just to save money--he was also up for the challenge. "When I realized that I could do something that was a little bit special, while proving my skills as a designer
and a maker, and fixing something that was making me self-conscious for actually free, I felt it was more than worth the risk." he said.
The question is: The article is mainly about  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:a 3-D printer made braces cheaper
B:A college student made fantastic 3-D braces.
C:digital design major student created 3-D printers
D:3-D braces with non-harmful plastic molds became popularScientists are placing robotic dogs in the homes of lonely old people to test whether they can improve the quality of life for humans. Alan Beck, an expert  in human-animal relationship, and Nancy Edwards, a professor of nursing, are leading the animal-assisted study on the effect of robotic dogs on old people's depression   , physical activity, and life satisfaction.
In the study, the robot, called AIBO, is placed for six weeks in the houses of some old people who live alone. Before placing AIBO in the home, scientists will collect baseline data  for six weeks. These old people will keep a diary to note their feelings and activity before and after AIBO. Then, the scientists will review the data to test if it has produced any changes in the life of its owner.
"I talk to him all the time, and he responds to my voice," says a seventy-year-old lady. "When I'm watching TV, he'll stay in my arms until he wants down. He has his own mind."
The AIBOs respond to certain orders. The scientists say they have some advantages over live dogs, especially for old people. Often the elderly are disabled and cannot care for an animal by walking it or playing with it. A robotic dog _ exercise and feeding concerns.
"At the beginning, it was believed that no one would relate(......) to the robotic dog, because it was metal and not furry." Beck says. "Hopefully, down the road, these robotic pets could become a more-valuable health helper. They will record their masters' blood pressure, oxygen levels or heart rhythms . AIBOs may even one day have games that can help stimulate  older people's minds."
The question is: What is the better point of AIBO than live dogs?
The possible answers are:
A:It is easier to keep at home.
B:It can help the disabled people.
C:It responds to all the human orders.
D:It can watch TV with its owner.A girl comes back from school. She doesn't look happy. Her grandma asks,"What's wrong, my girl?"
"Everything is wrong. The new school is far from home. I don't have any friends at the new school. I can't answer the teachers' questions in class. I don't like the school lunch," the girl answers.
Grandma smiles and says, "Don't be sad, my girl. Would you like something to eat?"
"Good. What can I have?" the girl becomes happy.
"Here, have some cooking oil ."
"No, I can't eat that."
"What about some raw eggs?"
"No. Nobody eats raw eggs."
"Would you like some _ then?"
"Grandma, I can't eat these things."
"Then what about a cake?"
"Good. I like that."
"Cooking oil, raw eggs and flour are not nice to eat. But when you put them together in the right way and bake  them, they will make a wonderful cake. Life is just like  baking a cake."
The question is: Why does the girl look unhappy?
The possible answers are:
A:Because she doesn't like the new school life.
B:Because she is hungry.
C:Because her parents are not at home.
D:Because her teachers don't like her.My grandfather is 70 years old this year. He is in good condition but he lost his hearing at the age of 65. Then it became difficult for me to communicate with him. My mother bought a hearing aid   for him, but he often forgot where he had put it. So my mother advised me to communicate with him by gesture. Good idea! And then I began to use gesture.
When I wanted to have an apple, firstly, I pointed to my mouth; later I made my hands form a round shape. Then he gave me an apple. When I was hungry, I pointed to my stomach. He would go into the kitchen and cook for me. When I wanted to use, the computer, I pointed to it. If he nodded , I could play computer games from 8 pm to 10 pm; if he disagreed, he always touched my head and pointed to the desk -- that meant that I should do my homework first. It was an easy way for us to communicate with each other!
The question is: How long has Grandfather been deaf?
The possible answers are:
A:For 70 years.
B:For 65 years.
C:For 10 years.
D:For 5 years.Confucius was born on September 28,551 BC.Chinese regard Confucius as the greatest thinker and also the greatest teacher.He had about 3,000 students.For more that 2,000 years,Confucius's ideas have been around in people's everyday life.Now they have gone far into east and south Asia.People can still hear them today.
Why are his ideas so popular? Because they help a 1ot in everyday life.Confucius said young people should take care of the old.People should give up thinking of themselves and work for others.As a great teacher,Confucius said all should go to school if they could.
The question is: Confucius thought   _   .
The possible answers are:
A:young people needn't take care of the old
B:people should think of themselves
C:people should work for others
D:all the people could go to schoolA city without cars would be very strange , right ? But Venice is such a city .
Venice is in the northeast of Italy. It wasn't built on land, like Beijing or Shanghai, but on more than 110 islands. Seawater is everywhere around the city.
Even so, travel isn't that difficult. The waterways have always been the best way to get around. There are 117 waterways and more than 400 bridges that can guide you where you want to go. People in Venice move from place to place by boat.
Water makes the city special, but it is also a big problem. Sometimes tourists will have such strange experiences . One moment they walk across the Rialto Bridge , and there's nothing special . But when they come back to the bridge an hour later , it's underwater and everyone is wearing rain shoes .
Once, people used too much underground water. This made the city get lower little by little. Now the city has gone down by 23 centimeters. Another problem is the rising seawater. The temperature has risen over the years. This has made ice of the Arctic Ocean   melt  . Every year, high waters hit the city in autumn and winter. When a lot of water comes, more than half of the city is underwater.
Scientists are trying different ways to stop the city from getting even lower. The Italian government has asked some of Italy's biggest companies to build the MOST project , which was planned to be built under the seawater to stop the rising water . Anyway , this project is helping solve the problem .
The question is: Venice has gone down by 23 centimeters because   _   .
The possible answers are:
A:people used too much underground water
B:it got higher little by little
C:the temperature has fallen over the years
D:more than half of the city is underwaterIf the eyes are the windows of the soul, then the body is the mirror of our feelings. If we are feeling great, we may give our body signals . If we look at someone else's body, we can often tell how they are feeling by their body signals. So reading body language signals is a great tool in daily communication.
In case  you don't think that learning how to read and use body language is important, here are some numbers for you. 7% of the information we receive is from what people actually say, and 38% of the information we receive is from the tone  and the speed of their voice; while 55% of the information we receive is from their body language.
These non-verbal  signals will help you a lot, but you still need to focus on what people are saying. If you focus too much on their body language signals, you and the person may feel uncomfortable. It is useful to be able to read people's body language, but it is useful to learn how to send the right signals and avoid the wrong signals too. Body language may be given several interpretations. Many signals have different meanings, depending on the person and the situation. Be sure of it when you are trying to read a body language signal.
The question is: According to the writer, body language is very   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:simple to learn
B:negative to be used
C:hard to understand
D:helpful in communicationfarmer had a faithful horse which had grown old and could do no more work, so his master no longer wanted to give him anything to eat and said, "I can certainly make no more use of you, but if you prove yourself still strong enough to bring me a lion here, I will keep you. " And with that he chased him into the open field.
The horse was sad. There the fox met him and said, "Why do you hang your head, and go about all alone?"
"Alas," replied the horse, " My master has forgotten what services I have done for him for so many years, and because I can no longer plow  well, he will give me no more food, and has driven me out. "
" Without giving you a chance?" asked the fox.
" The chance was a bad one. He said , if I were still strong enough to bring him a lion , he would keep me , but he knows that I cannot do that. "
The fox said, "I will help you. Just lie down, _ as if you were dead. " The horse did as the fox asked, and then the fox went to the lion, and said, "A dead horse is lying out there. Just come with me, and you can have a rich meal. "
The lion went with him, and when they were both standing by the horse, the fox said, "After all, it is not very comfortable for you here--l tell you what--l will fasten it to you by the tail, and then you can pull it into your cave and eat it in peace. "
The advice pleased the lion. He positioned himself in order that the fox might tie the horse fast to him, and he kept completely quiet. But the fox tied the lion's legs together with the horse's tail. When he had finished his work , he tapped the horse on the shoulder and said, "Pull, white horse, pull! "
Then up sprang  the horse at once, and pulled the lion away with him. The lion began to roar  so that all the birds in the forest flew up in fear, but the horse let him roar, and drew him and pulled him across the field to his master's door. When the master saw the lion, he was moved, and said to the horse, " You shall stay with me and I will treat you well. " And he gave him plenty to eat until he died.
,.
The question is: What is the best title for the text?
The possible answers are:
A:The silly lion
B:The poor horse
C:The kind--hearted farmer
D:The fox and the horseAmerican schools must obey the classroom rules. Here are some of them.
If the teacher asks you a question, you should answer it at once. If you do not understand the question, you can put up your hand and ask the teacher to say it again.
You must not be absent (   ) on a test day. If you are seriously ill, let the teacher know. If your teacher allows _ , you'd better take the test within one or two days after you return to class.
It is rude ( ) to be late. If you are late, you should come into the classroom and go to your seat quickly. In the US it is not necessary to knock before you enter the classroom.
In America, you should call your teacher by his or her last name, not "teacher". Also you should use Mr, Miss, Ms or Mrs before the last name, such as Mrs Smith or Mr Jones.
In the US, it is impolite to eat, drink or chew gum (   ) during class. Don't do these until ( ) the break.
The question is: If your teacher's name is Sarah Tancredi, you can call her   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:Teacher Sarah
B:Teacher Tancredi
C:Ms Sarah
D:Ms TancrediMary is getting married next Saturday.Today she asks her best friend Lucy to shop for clothes to wear at the wedding.'So what are we looking for, Mary,' Lucy asks.
'Well, my parents want me to wear a traditional Chinese dress, but I prefer a more modern style.I think I'll buy two dresses and wear them at different times on my wedding day.' Mary answers.The girls look in many shops.At one shop, Mary tries on a Chinese-style dress.'I like it,' Lucy says.'Red is a very strong color and represents love and prosperity  for Chinese weddings.I think your parents will be pleased. '
Mary does not look happy.'I don't think I look good in red. I think it makes me look too od. What about this blue one?' 'Well, that's a nice dre ss too, but blue is a calm color.It could help you feel calm, but I think you want a happier color for your wedding.If you don't like red, what about orange? It represents joy and it is a good color for weddings,' Lucy explains.
After listening to Lucy's opinions, Mary says, 'Even though the orange dress would be the best for my wedding because it represents joy, I'll choose the red dress because it will remind my mother of her own wedding and will make her happy.'
The question is: What is good about the blue dress?
The possible answers are:
A:It makes Mary look young.
B:It represents love and prosperity.
C:It will keep Mary calm.
D:It will make Mary happier.Have you ever rubbed your hands together when they get cold? Why do we do that? We do that for _ . Friction happens when two things that aren't very smooth rub together to make heat energy. The faster you rub two things together, the more friction ( and heat) you can make. Let's discover friction!
WHAT YOU'LL NEED
*Soap *Water*Your hands!
WHAT TO DO
Make sure your hands are dirty.
Rub your hands together until you feel the heat of your hands.
Now, use soap and water to get your hands very slippery .
Try to make friction happen while your hands are slippery.
Please write down what has happened.
LET'S TALK!
Friction is an energy that happens when two things rub together. When friction happens, it makes heat! When your hands are slippery, they won't make very much friction and your hands won't get so hot.
DID YOU KNOW?
Friction happens when you stop your fast running bike.
Ancient people made fire by rubbing two pieces of wood together. Friction happened though they didn't know it.
 _ 
Friction is everywhere. Have you ever noticed situations where friction is happening? If not, ask your parents to take you out in a car. If it is not hot, touch the tires  of the car before and after a short drive to see how much warmer they get from friction.
The question is: This text is most probably  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:a science report
B:a car advertisement
C:a rubbing introduction
D:a chemistry programmeLee Kuan Yew, former prime minister  of Singapore, died on Monday, March 23, 2015, at the age of 91, according to a statement released by the Prime Minister's Office.
Lee, a Cambridge-educated lawyer, is widely credited with building Singapore into one of the world's wealthiest nations. He co-founded the People's Action Party (PAP), which has ruled Singapore since 1959 and led the newly born country when it was separated from Malaysia in 1965.
In Beijing's eyes, Lee Kuan Yew, the late founding father and leader of Singapore, was not only "an old friend of the Chinese people", but also "the founder of China-Singapore relations", according to China's previous official news releases about his visits.
Chinese media estimated that he had been to China more than 20 times, and he was known for his good personal relations with China's top figures, especially former leader Deng Xiaoping. Zhang Jiuhuan, the Chinese ambassador  to Singapore from 2000 to 2004, noted that "it was a _ case" at the time that a foreign prime minister would visit China, as Lee did in 1976, in the absence of diplomatic relations  between the two nations. Deng then paid back the visit, going to Singapore in 1978, in what Zhang described as a sensational trip.
Jin Canrong, a professor of international relations at Renmin University of China in Beijing, noted that Lee's No 1 contribution to China was his efforts in "sharing Singapore's successful experience in governance", adding that "China has benefited a lot" from this.
The China-Singapore Suzhou Industrial Park, inaugurated in February 1994 in Jiangsu province in East China, was proposed by Lee, who even went to the city in 1992 to inspect the site for the park.
Now, with the park serving as a role model for China's economic cooperation with foreign countries, more such industrial parks hosted or co-hosted by China have been established domestically and abroad.
The question is: According to Jin Canrong, what is the biggest "gift" from Lee Kuan Yew?
The possible answers are:
A:He had been to China more than 20 times.
B:He had a good personal relation with Deng Xiaoping.
C:He proposed the China-Singapore Suzhou Industrial Park
D:He shared Singapore's successful experience in governance with China.I live in a small doll's house in a young girl's room. The girl is called Danielle. She loves me very much. She puts beautiful clothes on me and combs   my hair every day.
I look like a lady from the Tang Dynasty   in China. My clothes are red and blue. I wear golden shoes and small gold hair clips.
Danielle is going to take me to Japan for the Doll Festival. I can see many dolls there. Sometimes I feel lonely   because I am Danielle's only doll and I never see other dolls. I want to talk with other dolls. I want to talk about our clothes, houses and lives. I want to ask the Japanese dolls a lot of questions. I want to ask the Kokeshi dolls   why they have no arms or legs! They are usually little girls. I like to talk to young dolls.
Danielle says I can meet some boys' dolls at the festival too. I hope I can make friends with some of them.
The question is: Who has no arms or legs?
The possible answers are:
A:The writer.
B:Danielle.
C:Boys' dolls.
D:The Kokeshi dolls.Do you still get free plastic bags from the supermarkets? Things have changed.
China has banned free plastic bags in  shops and supermarkets,and people have to pay for using plastic bags. The rule started on June 1st. It came because our country tried to make less litter. Making super-thin plastic bags has also been banned.
The Chinese once used about 3,000,000,000 plastic shopping bags a day,and they have caused pollution of the environment. The bags have become a main cause of plastic pollution because they are easy to break and people throw them away here and there. So the Chinese people are encouraged to bring their own bags for shop ping.
What kind of shopping bag is the best to bring? Some students in Chongqing have a good idea. They make their own shopping bags. They use old clothes to make cloth bags,and send them to their parents as presents. They also ask their parents and friends to use cloth bags instead of plastic ones. They think it is their duty to protect the environment.
,.
The question is: China made this rule because plastic bags were bad for the  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:environment
B:families
C:shops
D:supermarketsA woman has some trouble  with her eyes, so she goes to see the doctor. He is a new doctor and doesn't know her, so he asks some questions and one of them is, "How old are you?"
The woman says, "I don't know, doctor, but let me think about it." She thinks for a few minutes and then says, "Yes, I know now, doctor! When I marry , I am eighteen years old, and my husband is thirty. Now my husband is sixty. And that is twice  thirty, right?" So boys and girls, do you know the woman's age now?
The question is: The woman is   _   years younger than(.....)her husband.
The possible answers are:
A:12
B:18
C:20
D:24While at the park one day, a woman sat down next to a man on a beach near a playground. "That's my son over there," she said, pointing to a little boy in a red sweater who was gliding  down the slide.  "He's a fine-looking boy," the man said. "That's my son on the swing  in the blue sweater." Then, looking at his watch, he called to his son," What do you say if we go, Todd?" Todd pleaded , "Just five more minutes, Dad. please? Just five more minutes." The man nodded and Todd continued to swing to his heart's contently .
Minutes passed and the father stood and called again to his son. "Time to go now?" Again Todd pleaded, "Five more minutes, Dad. Just five more minutes." The man smiled and said, "Okay." "Oh, you are certainly a patient father," the woman said. The man smiled and then said ,"My older son Tommy was killed by a drunken driver last year while he was riding his bike near here. I never spent much time with Tommy and now I'd give anything for just five more minutes with him. I've vowed  not to make the same mistake with Todd." "He thinks he has five more minutes to swing. The truth is ...I get five minutes to watch him play."
,A, B, C, D,. (10)
The question is: Which of the following statements is NOT true?
The possible answers are:
A:The man felt guilty  about not to spending much time with Tommy.
B:The man didn't allow Todd to swing for another five minutes.
C:The man's older son Tommy had been dead for about a year.
D:The man would like to give anything for five more minutes with Tommy.Children should be allowed to get angry. I remember many years ago, when I was visiting my sister in Australia, and I told my oldest son that he wasn't allowed to do something he really wanted to do. He thought about it for a minute and said, "Mom, I'm very angry with you." I replied, "That's OK, darling, it's what you do with your anger." I then asked him if he wanted to talk to me about it but he was too angry to talk to me. Then he stormed off .
My sister looked at me surprisingly. Now she has a son the same age as mine and she said angrily, "How can you allow your child to be angry with you? If my son learns that from you, I will never forgive you."
Then it was hard for me to stay with her, I ended up leaving earlier. Why shouldn't my son have the right  to tell me when I have made him angry? If he can't tell me then how can he tell others in his life?
Children need to be able to express how they feel. We need to teach them ways to do this in a right way instead of saying nothing. I want them to tell me. _ anger is not healthy for anyone and usually makes things worse.
The question is: What should children be allowed to do according to the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:Fight.
B:Get angry.
C:Drink wine.
D:be rude to their parents.It was Mother's Day. A man stopped his car at a flower shop to order some flowers. He wanted the shopper to send the flowers to his mother, who lived two hundred miles away.
As he got out of his car, he found a young girl sitting on the road crying.
He asked her what was wrong and she replied,"I want to buy a red rose for my mother, but I only have seventy-five cents. A rose costs two dollars."
The man smiled and said, "Come into the shop with me, and I'll buy you a rose.'
He bought the little girl her rose and ordered his own mother's flowers. As they were leaving, he offered to drive the girl home. She said, "Yes, please! You can take me to my mother." She brought him to a cemetery , where she placed the rose on the grave.
The man was moved. He returned to the flower shop, picked up the flowers he ordered, and drove two hundred miles to his mother's house.
Today is the day for your mother. Send a flower to your kind and beautiful mother.
The question is: The girl was crying on the road because   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:she was hungry
B:she got hurt
C:she couldn't afford a rose
D:she couldn't find her way homeMr. Jones is in Beijing. He's a teacher. And Mrs. Jones is an English teacher. They have a boy and a girl. They are Paul and Michael. Paul is five and Michael is only three months  . Paul loves his sister very much.
One day, Mrs. Jones' sister, Jane, comes to her family. She sees Michael for the first time  . The boy shows  his sister to Jane."Look at my sister," says Paul. "She's nice."
"You're right, Paul," Jane says. "But what's her name?"
"I don't know. She can't speak."
The question is: Jane is Paul's   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:mother
B:sister
C:teacher
D:auntTo Jim,
Hi, Jim. I'm a Chinese girl .My English name is Betty. I'm a student. I live in Nanjing with my parents. Nanjing is a big city in China. I like playing table tennis and running. I like listening to music, too . My favourite food is rice and fish. My dad is a doctor and my mum is a worker.
To Betty,
Hi, Betty. I'm a boy. My name is Jim Hand. I'm a student, too. I live in London with my parents and my sister. London is big , too. It's in England. My sister likes reading books, but I like watching TV. She can type and write Chinese. I can draw and sing very well. My parents are both teachers.
The question is: Jim's mother is a  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:worker
B:doctor
C:secretary
D:teacherLucy Brown teaches English in a junior high school. She loves her students very much, and she works hard. She often tells them some interesting stories in class and her students like her, too.
Yesterday, Lucy found some boys always made faces in class. She didn't want them to do that again, so she got all her students together and said, "Boys and girls, when I was young, I liked making faces in class, too. But one day, my grandmother told me not to do that again. She said, 'If you make faces again, you will be ugly when you grow up.' So you shouldn't do that again."
Some students thought she was right, but some students didn't. One of the boys put up his hand. "Oh, Tom! What do you want to say?" asked Lucy.
The boy stood up and said, "Miss Brown, you must regret listening to your grandmother now."
The question is: From the passage, we know  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:Tom didn't think Lucy was beautiful
B:Lucy will be happy after hearing Tom's words
C:Lucy's grandmother didn't like Lucy
D:Lucy thought the boys in her class were very uglyOne afternoon, Kate and her brother Bob went out to play.Kate was eight, and Bob was ten."Let's go to the bridge and we can see fish in the river." said Kate.
"I don't know..." Bob said."Mum told us, 'don't go on the bridge.' She said it's dangerous."
Kate said, "I am not afraid.Are you?"
They walked onto the bridge and began looking for fish in the river.The bridge was a train bridge.Trains went over the bridge three times a day.
The children were standing in the middle of the bridge when they heard a loud noise."A train is coming!" Bob shouted."Run!" He ran to the end of the bridge.He was safe.
Kate ran, too, but she fell.The train was coming fast.Kate ran towards Bob.She fell again right on the train tracks .There was no time to leave.She had to lie down between the tracks.A few seconds later, the train went over the girl, but she was not hurt at all.She stood up and said to Bob, "Don't tell Mum! Don't tell Mum!"
At last their mother found out about the story.She was angry because they went on the bridge.But she was happy that Kate was all right.
The question is: Bob and Kate were  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:twins
B:brothers
C:sisters
D:brother and sisterKate: I like running very much. It's good exercise. My parents both like running, too. We usually get up early in the morning and run together. It is good for one's legs, heart and lungs. It helps one to have a strong body. Mum says that she should thank running because it helps her to get thinner. Running is fun. It can make one happy. There are many different ways for one to run. One can run in a school or in a park. One can join a running club to run and make new friends, too.
Chen Feng: I like ball games, like football, basketball and tennis. And basketball is my favorite. I often play basketball with my friends on Sunday mornings when we are free and the weather is nice. I joined my school team last year. And I can play it very well now. There is going to be a basketball game between No. 1 Middle School and our school in our school next Saturday. Many students are going to cheer us on. Our teacher says that she will buy some presents for us if we win. I hope we can win the game.
The question is: Chen Feng   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:likes football best
B:hopes to win the football game
C:is a member of the school basketball team
D:plays basketball with his friends on the mornings of weekdaysWhat should we do if a fire happens? Look at the following.
1. Shout----Shout as loudly as you can ,because people may be asleep.
2. Call 119----Never try to put out a fire yourself. Tell 119 where you are and what is on fire.
3. Keep down close to the floor----There's less smoke down there, so it's easier to breathe and see where you are going.
4. Test the door---- the door is cool, open it carefully. If the door is hot, don't open it! Try to find a different way out.
5. Get out---- not stop to pick up anything. A fire can become very big in afew seconds!
6. Don't use the lift ----ways use the stairs. The lift may go wrong and keep you inside.
7. Don't go back---- if you have left your pet or favorite toy inside, don't go back for it.
Animals have a very good sense of smell. They often get out of building before people.
The question is: The passage tells us that we can   _   in a fire.
The possible answers are:
A:use the lift
B:try to put out a fire ourselves
C:open the hot door and go out
D:shout as loudly as possibleMr. and Mrs. Clark are 70 years old. They look young and they are very healthy. Why? Let me tell you. That's because they have a healthy lifestyle.
They exercise every day, and every morning they exercise in the park. After that they usually go to the supermarket. They walk there for about half an hour. They don't take buses. Because they think walking is good for their health. They often take a walk after dinner.
They also have a good eating habit. They drink milk every morning. They eat fruit and vegetables every day. As for meat, they only eat it twice a week. Besides (...) that, they never eat junk food. They don't drink coffee or cola at all. You see, they look after their health very well.
Mrs. Clark likes watching soap operas and reading books. She reads books every day. Mr. Clark likes Chinese paintings. They usually go to bed at 9:00 pm and sleep for eight hours every night.
The question is: How often do Mr. and Mrs. Clark eat meat?
The possible answers are:
A:Never
B:Once a day
C:Twice a day
D:Twice a weekHi, I'm Li Ping. I am 15 years old. I am pretty healthy. I like doing all kinds of sports, such as football, basketball, running and swimming. Every morning, I get up early and do exercise. I play basketball on Wednesdays and Saturdays with my friends every week. I do my homework every day. I like watching TV, but I can't watch it every day on school nights. I only watch it on Saturday evening. I am neither fat nor thin. My eating habits are very good. I try to eat a little meat and lots of vegetables and fruit. And I never eat junk food.
Do you know me? I'm Zhao Hui, a 14-year-old student. I am a little fat. I like eating meat. I eat meat three or four times a week. I especially like eating junk food. I want to eat it every day, but my parents don't allow me to eat it every day. I only eat it once or twice a week. I don't like exercise at all. Sometimes, I swim with my friends because I like it. I know exercise is good for my health. From now on, I have to exercise every day.
The question is: From the passage, we know that  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:Li Ping is a little fat and she isn't healthy
B:Zhao Hui likes sports and she is very healthy
C:exercise and good eating habits are good for health
D:meat isn't good for our health and we can't eat itCan dolphins talk ? Maybe they can't talk with words ,but they can talk with sounds . They show their feelings with sounds .
Dolphins travel in group . We call a group of them a "school ". They don't study , but they travel together.
Dolphins talk to other dolphins in the school .They give information . They tell other dolphins when they are happy or sad or afraid . They say "welcome "when a dolphin comes back to the school . They talk when they play .
They make a few sounds above water . They make many more sounds under water . People can hear these sounds because they are very high .
Sometimes people catch dolphins for large aquariums . People can watch the dolphins in a show . Dolphins don't like to be in the aquarium , being away from their school . They are sad and lonely if they do so .
There are many stories about dolphins . They help people . Sometimes they save someone's life . Many people believe that dolphins can bring good luck .
The question is: People can't hear the dolphin's sounds because   _  >
The possible answers are:
A:they are above the water
B:they are under the water
C:they are very high
D:they are very lowWe always celebrated Dad's birthday on Thanksgiving Day, even after he entered a nursing home. When we knew it might be his last birthday, the whole family decided to get together for a huge birthday celebration at the nursing home.
Dad was a good storyteller and we were always his listeners. During a quiet moment, I announced it was now Dad's turn to listen to stories for a change. I wanted everyone to tell Dad what we loved about him. The room became quiet. Then one after another, people told stories from their hearts, while Dad listened with tears in eyes.
Everyone seemed to have more than one story. Even the little grandchildren couldn't wait to tell Dad why they loved him. For a man who had been kind to so many hundreds of people in his life, here was our chance to tell him how much we love him. A few months later, at Dad's memorial service, we more fully realized what we had given to Dad that night. Those are the stories people normally tell at a funeral   after a loved one is no longer alive to hear the words. They tell stories, full of tears. But we had given those memories to Dad in his life, and we had told them through laughter, together with hugs and joy. He had them to hold and enjoyed them from time to time in his mind during his last days and months.
Words do matter, and they are enough. We just need to say them or to speak them publicly the ones we love. That's the ways to give back love and that's our chance to celebrate a person in his or her life.
The question is: The best title of the passage can be  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:An Amazing Story
B:A Kind Father
C:Say Our Love Publicly
D:A Big PartyDifferent people have different hobbies. For example, some people like reading, some people like swimming and some people like collecting something and so on. I have many hobbies, such as reading, skating, and traveling. I used to read books in my free time. I like reading because I could learn much by reading. At that time, reading was part of my life. Every day, I spent most of my free time reading books, newspapers and magazines. At night, I could hardly get  to sleep without a novel in my hand.
But later I found I could only learn from books by reading. I couldn't get knowledge from others. I needed a _ . Traveling is my hobby now. I can visit many different places by traveling. I can learn a lot about people, geography and history. It's very interesting.
I have many good friends. They all have their hobbies. Ann studies very hard. So her hobby is reading all kinds of books. Tony loves working with her hands, and his hobby is gardening. He usually plants flowers and trees in his yard. Judy is a quiet girl. She likes knitting . She always knits sweaters for her dolls. We have different hobbies, but we are all good friends.
(5)
The question is: What is the best title of this passage?
The possible answers are:
A:Different people have different hobbies.
B:How to make friends
C:Reading is important
D:Ways of travelingEveryone knows that there's not enough land in Hong Kong. If you go there by air, you will land at Kai Tak Airport. It was built out into the sea. It is in the part of Hong Kong called Kowloon. Kowloon is one of the two big islands in Hong Kong.
The other island is Hong Kong itself. You can get there by ship or through a tunnel   under the sea.
The population of Hong Kong is more than six million. Chinese and English are spoken by many people there. Clothes, computers, radios, televisions are made in Hong Kong. It is a shopping center. You can buy all kinds of things there.
Hong Kong is also a beautiful city. It is a good place for traveling. People from all over the world visit Hong Kong every year. You can watch dog-racing and motor-racing there. When you are hot and tired, you may rest in the small cool gardens. There are also a lot of tall buildings with comfortable rooms to live in. If you enjoy eating out, you can easily find a good place for delicious food. Foods of different flavors   are served in Hong Kong.
The question is: Which of the following sentences is NOT TRUE according to the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:Kai Tak Airport is in Kowloon.
B:There're a lot of big islands in Hong Kong.
C:Many people in Hong Kong speak Chinese and English.
D:Hong Kong is a beautiful city for traveling.Spring is coming.People in different countries like different outdoor activities.Leo,a reporter from Learning English in interviewing some students.Here is what they have said.
Mary (13, America)
I want to go out of the city to a beautiful field. It's happy to smell beautiful flowers, touch green grass and take some photos. And I like to have a picnic in the field, It's interesting!
Jim (14, Canada)
The weather turns warmer and they days become longer in spring. It's a good time to go camping. It would be fun to sleep in a tent. I enjoy the comfortable weather too.
Tony (13, England)
In spring, I like going cycling alone. It can not only make me enjoy the beautiful season but also help me became stronger. I can write something about what I see on the way.
Wang Fang (12, China)
I'm good at making all kinds of kites. And in spring. I like flying kites with my family or my friends in the park. One of us holds the kite. and another one catches the line. It's exciting to see the kite flying high in the sky.
The question is: Tony likes going cycling in spring because   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:he can enjoy the nice weather
B:it can make his body strong
C:his bike is very cool
D:both A and BAt the shopping mall, you probably think about spending, not saving. Think about all the lights that keep the mall bright. Think about all the water faucets in the toilet. Think about all the air conditioning in summer. Saving energy is a hot topic for such a big place!
Many things at the mall use energy. Electric lights, infrared faucets and air-conditioners need electricity to work. One way to save energy is by keeping lights clean. More and more dust and dirt make the lights less bright. When  malls keep lights clean, they can use fewer lights and keep the area just as bright ,Using fewer lights means using less energy.
You step up to the  water faucet. The water starts to flow. You don't have to touch a thing. Why do malls have such fancy faucets?. The answer is simple. They save water. Sometimes people forget to turn the water off after they wash. Infrared faucets turn themselves off.
The...
The question is: Which of the following cannot save energy?
The possible answers are:
A:Using fewer lights.
B:Using infrared faucets.
C:Using air-conditioners
D:Keeping lights clean.500 years ago in Britain, the burning of coal   was increasing in cities like London. Coal was used in factories and also used to heat homes. Coal, when burnt makes a lot of smoke, which makes the air very dirty.
About 200 years ago, the Industrial Revolution   began in Britain. Factories were built, and even more coal was burnt. Air pollution was becoming a really big problem.
Smoke and fog together make smog  . Smog was a big problem in London's winter. Because of the cold weather, more coal was burnt to warm houses and this made more smoke.
When smog stayed over a city, it became really hard to breathe and see clearly. In 1952, the Great London Smog happened and more than 4,000 people died because of the smog.
New laws   were made in 1956 and 1968 to stop such sad things from happening again. These laws were called the Clean Air Acts.
These laws were made so that air would become cleaner. The laws encouraged people to use less coal or _ other fuels such as gas. Factories started using tall chimneys   so that the smoke would go high up in the sky and no longer cover cities, and new factories were built in the countryside. Smog appeared less often and the air became cleaner.
The question is: Which is the best title for the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:Air Pollution in Britain in the Past.
B:How to Make the Air Cleaner.
C:Smog Is Bad for the Environment.
D:New Laws to Stop Air Pollution.Franklin's ships had everything they needed . They had enough food in tins for three years and thousands of litres of lemon juice to stop disease. They also had two libraries with 3,000 books , excellent maps , scientific instruments , musical instruments and a new invention: a camera.
Franklin and his men left Engand on May 19th , 1845 and they sailed without problems across the Atlantic towards Canada . When Franklin arrived at Baffin Bay in July 1845, things were going very well for the expedition . On July 26th , some sailors saw Franklin's ships when they were entering the bay . That was the last time that anyone saw Franklin and his men alive .
The British government became very worried when they heard nothing from Framklin . They sent expeditions to 1ook for him , but the expeditions all returned without any news . The government offered PS20,000 to anybody who could help Franklin or anybody who had information about Frailklin . Nobody came with information .
Then, in August 1850 some sailors found the first signs of the Franklin Expedition while  they were searching on Devon Island: some old food tins , some papers , and , something very  strange , the graves of three men . The men all died in January 1846 while Franklin was waiting in Baffin Bay for the ice to melt . But why did they die? The three men were all young and three deaths in the first months of the expedition were very strange . What happened to them ? And where were the ships and all the other sailors? The mystery of the Franklin Expedition was growing stronger...
The question is: The best title of the passage is_.
The possible answers are:
A:The Mystery of the Franklin Expedition
B:Franklin's Ships
C:Iceberg Was the Killer
D:Sailing sometimes Was Very DangerousHello! My name is Becky Sharp. I'm 11 years old. I have one brother. His name is Jason and he's 14. I don't have any sisters.
We live with our mum, dad and grandma in a small house in Chesterfield, in the north of England. There are lots of things to do here. My friends and I sometimes go to the cinema on Saturdays.
Do you like sports? I like football. My favourite team is Manchester United. I sometimes play football with my brother. I am good at it but my brother isn't.
I have lots of pets---one tortoise   and six goldfish  . I want a dog or a cat, but my mother doesn't like them.
The question is: Becky's mother doesn't like  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:tortoises or goldfish
B:tortoises or dogs
C:dogs or cats
D:goldfish or catsTom saw an advertisement in a newspaper for a beautiful bicycle. It cost 55 pounds. So he went to the shop and asked to see one of the wonderful bicycles.
The owner of the shop was harpy to show one to Tom. Tom examined it carefully, and turned to the owner and said, "There isn't a lamp on this bicycle. hut there was one on the bicycle in your advertisement."
"Yes, Sir, "answered the man." But the lamp isn't included in the price of bicycle."
"Not included in the price of bicycle?" Tom said angrily. "But that's not honest. If the lamp is in the advertisement, it should be included in the price.""Well, Sir," answered the shop owner coldly. "There is also a girl on the bicycle in the advertisement. but we cannot give you a girl with the bicycle, either."
The question is: Tom   _   after he looked at the bike carefully.
The possible answers are:
A:returned the bike to the shop owner
B:didn't find a lamp on the bicycle
C:showed the bike to the shop owner
D:bought the bicycle at onceBarack Obama, a black man, is the president of the United States now. He was born on August 4th, 1961, in Hawaii and has lived in many places. His mother was from Kansas and his father was from Kenya. Obama went to Columbia University in New York and got a law degree at Harvard University in Massachusetts. His wife is Michelle Obama. She also worked as a lawyer   and later worked for the University of Chicago. They have two young daughters.
Obama wrote a bookDreams from My Father. "I always live in the dream of my father and American people, " Obama once said. He was born in a poor family. And he was taken good care of by his grandparents when he was young. He also lived and worked in Africa. Then he got good education in Harvard University. On November 4th, 2008, he became the president of America for the first time.
The question is: Which is the best title of this passage?
The possible answers are:
A:Education of the President
B:Dreams from My Father
C:Life of Barack Obama
D:The book by Barack ObamaThis is an old story. One day, a man was not happy when his six-year-old daughter made a box with some paper. The family didn't have much money. So the father thought his daughter wasted   the paper. The next day, the little girl gave the box to her father and said, "Dad, today is your birthday. This box is for you."
The man was happy. But he was not happy again when he found there was nothing in the box. "Why didn't you put anything for me in the box?" He asked his daughter. The little girl looked at him and cried, "Dad, I put my love in the box. _ 's all for you!"
The man felt sad and said sorry to his daughter. Sometimes, we can't see love with our eyes.
The question is: What did the daughter do the next day?
The possible answers are:
A:She gave the box to her father.
B:She put some money in the box.
C:She gave some paper to her father.
D:She bought a gift to her father.We have known for a long time that flowers of different plants open and close at different time of day. Yet no one really understands why flowers open and close like this at particular times. It is not as simple as we might think, as new experiments have shown. In one experiment, flowers were kept in darkness. We might expect that the flowers, without any information about the time of the day, did not open as they usually do. In fact, they continued to open at their usual time. This shows that they have some mysterious   way of knowing the time.
Their sense of time does not depend on information from the outside world; it is, so to speak, inside them, a kind of "inner clock". This discovery may not seem to be very important. However, it was later found that not just plants but also animals including man have this "inner clock"which controls working of their bodies and their activities.
Human beings, then, are also controlled by this mysterious power. Whether we wish it or not, it affects such things in our life as our need for sleep, our need for food. And our ability to concentrate .
The question is: One experiment was done for finding out  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:when different flowers open and close
B:if flowers have a mysterious way of knowing the time
C:how flowers are used to tell the time in the darkness
D:why flowers open and close at particular timeLiu Xiaohua is 12 years old. She is from Mianyang, Sichuan Province. When Premier Wen Jiabao visited people in the Jiuzhou Gymnasium, he met Liu Xiaohua. Premier Wen held her hand and told her not to cry. He also encouraged her to live on.
Ren Siyu is 6 years old. She is from Beichuan, Sichuan Province. She was buried under the rubble  for two days and nights and her legs were trapped. When people came to save her, she sang the songTwo Tigers. She said singing the song could lessen  the pain .
Li Yue is 12 years old. She is also from Beichuan, Sichuan Province. Li Yue likes dancing, but she can't dance any more. Doctors had to cut off her two legs to save her. She was buried with her classmates. She told them to be quiet when people saved them.
The question is: The three girls are from   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:Sichuan Province
B:Jiangsu Province
C:Hunan Province
D:Yunnan ProvinceChinese writer Mo Yan has won the 2012 Nobel Prize in Literature, announced Peter, the Secretary of the Swedish Academy in Stockholm on Thursday. The awarding ceremony will be held on December 10. The winner will win a medal, a personal diploma  and a cash award of 8 million Swedish Kronor (about 1 million U.S. dollars).
Mo Yan was born in 1955 and grew up in Gaomi in Shandong province in eastern China. As a 12-year-old during that very unordinary time, he left school to work, first as a farmer like his parents, later as a worker in a factory. He didn't begin to study literature or write until he joined the People's Liberation Army in 1976. His first short story was published in 1981. In his writing, Mo Yan draws the readers' attention to his youthful experiences and the cultures in the province of his birth. His novel Hong Gaoliang Jiazu (1987, in English Red Sorghum 1993), which consists of five stories was successfully filmed in 1987, directed by famous Chinese director Zhang Yimou. In addition to his novels, Mo Yan has published many short stories and essays on many different topics.
his stories have been translated into English, French , Japanese and many other languages.
Mo Yan not only brings a great shot to the world but also a great joy to China.
The question is: Mo Yan wins the Nobel Prize in Literature at the age of    _   ..
The possible answers are:
A:57
B:67
C:47
D:12The first Thanksgiving was in 1621. Each year, we celebrate Thanksgiving on the fourth Thursday of November. What do American children think of Thanksgiving? This is what some of them wrote.
Thanksgiving is a holiday to say "Thank you". It means eating turkey and having a special party with your family.
Thanksgiving is giving thanks to people that help you. I think it is a special holiday. You give thanks to your family and your friends.
Annie
Lots of people have done things for me that I like. Lots of people like to make me happy, like my mum.
Many people have done things for me and make sure I am all right. I am pleased that people care about me.
Most people I know give me money or presents at Thanksgiving. Sometimes people take me to visit places or ask me to their houses.
I like to do nice things for other people. Also I hope people help me when I get old.
Jeremy
Once we were at my grandparents' house during Thanksgiving and we went to the store to buy a turkey, but they didn't have any, so we had to buy a live one. When we went out to kill it, it had gone! There was nothing left except feathers . That year we had to eat chicken instead of  turkey.
Eleanor
I'm thankful for having a really good mum who looks after me so well and having good teachers and especially Ms. McMillan because she helps to try new things. I love all my family.
I enjoy Thanksgiving because I eat turkey with all my family and I love it.
Ryan
The question is: Which is the best title for the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:Opinions About Thanksgiving
B:How to Eat Turkey
C:How to Thank Others
D:How to Try New ThingsOld Cremona Violins
Most musicians  agree that the best violins  were first made in Cremona, Italy, about 200 years ago. These violins sound better than any others. They even sound better than violins made today. Violin makers and scientists try to make instruments  like the Italian violins. But they aren't the same. Musicians still prefer the old ones.
Some people think it is the age of the violins. But not all old violins sound wonderful. Only the old violins from Cremona are special . So age cannot be the answer.
Other people think the secret to those violins is the wood. The wood must be from certain kinds of trees.
But the kind of wood may not be so important. It may be more important to cut the wood in a special way. Wood for a violin must be cut very carefully. It has to be the right size and shape . The smallest difference will change the sound of the violin. Musicians sometimes think that this was the secret of the Italians. Maybe they understood more than we do about how to cut the wood.
Size and shape may not be the answer, either. Scientists can make new ones that are exactly the same size and shape. But the new violins still do not sound as good as the old ones. Some scientists think the secret may be the varnish. Varnish is what covers the wood of the violin. It makes the wood look shiny. It also helps the sound of the instrument. But no one knows what the Italian violin makers used in their varnish.
The question is: Some scientists believe that the secret of the old violins was  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:their sound
B:their colour
C:their varnish
D:the musicSchool Open Day  
Dear students,
We have some interesting and fun things for you this term. On September 9th 2014, we have a School Open Day. It begins at 9:00 a.m. and finishes at 4:00 p.m. All parents can come to our school, have a cup of coffee, and meet our teachers and other parents.
Your parents can go to your children's classrooms, have a talk with the principal  , have a look at the clubs and ask any questions. From 11:30 a.m. to 12:30 a.m, the parents can go to Room 106 for lunch. If you have any questions about the School Open Day, you can call John Smith --- the principal. The telephone number is 021-4899688.
Welcome to our school and join us.
School: Apple Tree Middle School
The question is: Which is wrong?
The possible answers are:
A:Parents can ask any questions on School Open Day.
B:The name of the school is Apple Tree Middle School.
C:The principal of the school is John Smith.
D:Parents can't stay   at Apple Tree Middle School at 3:30 on the School Open Day.Today we tell about Louisa May Alcott. She wrote
.
In 1868, an American publisher asked Louisa May Alcott to write a book for girls. At first, she was not sure if she wanted to do it. She said she didn't like girls.
However, she decided to write the book finally. She told about her experiences growing up in the northeast of the United States. The book was quite interesting.
became one of the most popular children's books in American literature. It was published  in more than 50 languages.
Alcott was born in Pennsylvania in 1832. The Alcotts did not have much money. She tried teaching, sewing  and taking care of children. She did not like any of these jobs.
At the age of 16, she wrote her first book,
. Her stories were exciting, but unreal. She sold them to newspapers and magazines for money.
The first volume   of
came out in 1868. It made Alcott famous and get a lot of money. She continued writing other popular books for young people. These books included
,
and
.
Alcott wrote many exciting stories about love. But she was single   all her life. She continued to help her family during the last years of her life.
The question is: Alcott grew up in the    _    of the US.
The possible answers are:
A:southeast
B:northwest
C:northeast
D:southwestJack Johnson is one of the most popular singer-songwriters in the world. Jack was born on May 18, 1975 in Hawaii. Being the son of a famous surfer, Jack naturally has an interest in surfing. Most of his life lessons were learned in the water. At the age of 17, Jack entered the finals of the Pineline Masters---the world's most famous surfing competition. Everyone thought Jack would become a professional surfer like his father. Unluckily, one month later, he had a deadly accident while surfing and was seriously hurt.
Life is like a revolving   door. When it closes, it also opens. Jack started to practice playing the guitar and write songs when he was staying in hospital. At first, his father thought Jack only did it for fun, but soon he was surprised at the great progress his son had made.
When studying in the university, Jack didn't stop practicing his guitar skills. He played the guitar for school parties. He wrote songs and sang for his teachers and friends. They liked his songs. His first music album Brushfire Fairytalescame out in 2001. It was a great success. His second album,On and On, was much like his first one. They were filled with sweet, easy-going songs that everybody liked listening to. Later, Jack had lots of concerts in and out of America. He became popular all over the world.
Jack had five albums by 2010 and more than 15 million copies of them were sold. His music doesn't fit into any of the popular music styles like pop, rock, R&B or hip-hop. It is more like fold music, played with a guitar and beautiful voice. When listening to his songs, you feel like lying on the beach enjoying the warm sunshine.
Jack is a talent, though he himself says he is only a surfer who loves music. In his songs we can find his secret of success: Whatever happens in our lives, we have to accept it and do the best we can.
The question is: What is the secret of Jack's success ?
The possible answers are:
A:He was born in Hawaii.
B:His father was very famous.
C:He wrote many songs for his teachers and friends.
D:H e always faced difficulties bravely and tried his best.Jim and Tom were eating at a restaurant . On the table there was a cup of hot (
)mustard . Jim thought it was sweet and took a spoonful  of it into his mouth. Tears   ran down from his eyes. However, he wished Tom to do the same thing. So he said nothing. Tom saw Jim crying  , and asked,"What for, my friend?"
"I'm thinking of   my father, he was hanged  20 years ago,Jim said.Soon after Tom took a spoonful of mustard and when tears began to run down from his eyes, Jim asked "Why are you crying, then?""I am thinking why you were not hanged 20 years ago."
The question is: Where were Jim and Tom?
The possible answers are:
A:at home
B:at school
C:at a restaurant
D:at a shopWhat would you do if you found a snake in your house? Many people might be afraid or try to kill it. However, if you live in North Carolina in the USA, one thing you can do is to call the Snake Catchers.
The Snake Catchers are four men who love snakes, even poisonous ones. Their newspaper advertisement says, "Snake Catchers: free snake removal Please do not kill them -- Call us. "
The Snake Catchers, who started their service in 1998, don't charge anything for helping people. "We do this as a hobby," explained Fred Johnson, one of the Snake Catchers.
Because of their love of snakes, the Snake Catchers try to keep them alive. "One man asked us to kill a python , so he could make a pair of boots from the skin. We refused, because we like snakes, and we don't want to see them killed, " said Fred.
Some of the snakes that they catch are kept as pets; some are given to the North Carolina State University. Most, including the poisonous snakes, are set free in the wild, usually in a national park.
Fred suggests that people should treat snakes with care. "Actually snakes are very shy and gentle creatures. They only attack if they are frightened. However, you have to know how to treat a snake properly!"
According to one happy family, the Snake Catchers are good. One day, the Greenwood family found a snake skin in the kitchen. They looked very carefully and saw a snake sleeping behind a cupboard. They thought about what to do. Then Steve Greenwood remembered the advertisement for the Snake Catchers. He called them.
"The Snake Catchers arrived within an hour and they finished the job quickly too," said Steve Greenwood. "One of them went into the kitchen, found the snake and took it out alive. The Snake Catchers did a very good job."
Last year, the Snake Catchers removed more than seventy snakes from houses in North Carolina.
The question is: According to Fred,    _  .
The possible answers are:
A:snakes are very dangerous
B:people should attack snakes
C:snakes are not usually dangerous
D:people should run away if they see a snakePeople eat different things in different parts of the world.
In south China we eat rice every day. Sometimes we eat it two or three times a day, for breakfast, lunch and supp-er. We usually eat it with fish, meat and vegetables.
The Japanese eat rice, too. They also eat a lot of fish. They sometimes eat raw fish. In Africa, maize is the most important food. People there make maize into flour .From this flour they make different kinds of bread and cakes.
In western countries such as Britain, Australia and the U.S.A, the most important food is bread or potatoes. People there usually make their bread from wheat flour. They cook the potatoes in different ways. In England the most popular food is fish and chips. Sometimes people cook this food at home, but usually they buy it at the shop. They eat this food at home, in their work place, in the park or on the road. People call it "take-away" food.
The question is: This passage is about   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:food
B:drink
C:clothes
D:ways of lifeThis week, I ask my students about fashion. I show each student seven things and ask their opinions about each thing. Some of their answers are interesting! Here's what the students in Class 8 like:
Jodie Smith likes the key ring. Her friend Jordan says he can' t stand the scarf." It' s for old people!" he says. William Jones loves the wallet,and his classmate Gina Taylor loves the watch. Ann Rice doesn't like the watch,but she really likes the hair clip! Jerry Green likes the sunglasses. And the coolest thing is the belt ! Everyone loves it!
The question is: What does the writer do?
The possible answers are:
A:A writer.
B:A teacher.
C:A student.
D:We don't know.When the man's wife died, their youngest baby was 2 years old. They had six other children -- three boys and three girls, aged from 4 to 16. The man's parents and his wife's parents came to visit.
"We've been talking about how to make this work," they said. "There's no way you can take care of all these children and work to make a living. So, we've decided to place each child with a different uncle and aunt." The man refused.
Over the next few weeks, he moved the family to a tiny town and opened a small business. His business developed quickly. He was happy to see people and serve them. He became popular with people for his pleasant personality and excellent customer service. People came from far away to do business with him. And the children helped both at home and at work.
The children grew up and got married. Five of the seven went off to college. The children's success was a source   of pride to the father.
Then came grandchildren. No one enjoyed grandchildren more than this man. As they became toddlers  , he invited them to his workplace and his small home. They brought each other great joy.
Finally, the youngest daughter, who was 2 years old when the mother died, got married. With his life's work done, the father died.
This man's work had been the lonely but joyful task of raising his family. This man was my father. I was the 16-year-old, the oldest of seven.
,. (5,2,10)
The question is: The story mainly talks about   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:why the father didn't give up his family
B:how the children succeeded after their mother died
C:why the father was lonely
D:how the father raised his large familyWhen you are not happy, there are six ways to make you happy or feel good about yourself.
(1) Look in the mirror   and say to yourself, "I'm a special person and there's no one in the world like me. I can do anything!" It really works!
(2) Do something nice for someone. Helping others always makes you feel good.
(3) Smile! Be friendly to people around you. Look for the good things in your friends and family.
(4) Learn something new! Do you always want to learn how to swim? Go for it!
(5) Read and start a diary   . Turn offthe TV and let your imagination   fly! If you have any ideas or dreams, write them down!
(6) Stay with your family. We all need our family time. Talk with your mum and dad or maybe even your cousin.
The question is: What's the best title of the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:Do something nice.
B:Smile at other people.
C:Stay with your family.
D:Feel good about yourself.It's not easy to be an astronaut's son.Everybody expects you to be special or perfect. I often wonder how my father ever had a son like me. I mean he's so special and so good at everything he does. Even in middle school he was monitor and captain of the football team.
Well, to be honest, I often dream about being some kind of hero or doing something special--like saving a child from a burning building One morning my teacher said there would be a Father's Day writing competition for the whole school."I hope we have a winner right here in my class."
When I got home,I started to think about what to write.My father is an astronaut. No, I wouldn't start like that. That was the way others saw him.How did I see my father?
Hmm...I saw him sitting with me in the dark when I had a terrible dream.I remembered how he hugged me for hours when my dog Spotty was killed by a car. Yes, these were the things I was going to write. To me,he wasn't just a famous astronaut. He was my dad.
My parents and l went to school Thursday night. There were so many people in the big hall! My dad looked at me, and I shrugged .
The third prize was announced and it was not me.1 was relieved and disappointed  at the same time. The second prize was announced. it was me. I went up to the stage and read what I had written,"My father's son".When I finished,Dad put his hand on my shoulder."Son,this is the proudest moment of my life.''
It was the proudest moment of my life, too. Maybe I'll never be a great hero or win a Nobel Prize, but it was enough just to be my father's son.
The question is: What is the best title for the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:My daydream
B:My father's son
C:My famous father
D:My happy familyA young man is lying in hospital sadly. The 24-year-old lost his right leg. The doctor said that his long history of smoking was the reason. "I first smoked when I was 14. _ made me feel like a man and I thought it looked cool. Now I know I was wrong," said the young man.
It is a mistake many young people make. According to the survey, 40 million of China's 130 million young people aged between 13 and 18 smoke. Fifteen million of them are addicted  . The survey also found that about 68% of young smokers first smoked before the age of 13.
Many young people see people smoke in the movies, but in real life, stars like Jackie Chan think smoking is a bad thing and not cool at all.
Doctors say that if a person starts smoking very young, he or she may live 22 years less than those who don't smoke.
The question is: How long did the young man smoke?
The possible answers are:
A:For 10 years.
B:For 13 years.
C:For 14 years.
D:For 18 years.How do you feel when you stay in hospital alone? Jenny, 13, a US student, feels bored. She knows the feeling because she has been in hospital many times herself. One day, she thought of an idea--if patients could get some books to read, they would feel better. So, from May, she and many of her friends began to collect books for hospital patients.
In six months the students collected 1,250 books at school. They decided to donate the books to the North Shore Medical Centre, a children's hospital next door to their school. "There are books for kids of all ages, from babies up to high school level." said Jenny.
The students put the books into "early readers", "middle readers" and "advanced readers". Then they wrote their best wishes to patients on bookmarks   and letters, put the books in big boxes and donated them to the hospital.
"We wrote things like, "Keep on reading!' and 'Hope you feel better!," said John, 14, Jenny's brother. "And we also wrote some funny things to make them laugh."
Frank, 12, and Steven, 14, helped carry 16 large boxes of books into a car. "I think these books will make me a lot of patients feel happy." said Frank. Steven shared his opinion. "It is really the most meaningful thing that I have ever done in my life."
The question is: Who first thought of the idea of helping those bored patients in hospital?
The possible answers are:
A:John.
B:Frank.
C:Steven.
D:Jenny.Dear Mary,
I am not happy these days. I am new in this class, you know, but I don' t have any friends here. I always have to keep quiet and put my heart into my study. I thought things would be fine.
It's very hard for me to be happy and sometimes I get lost in thought. So I can't follow the teacher. I know it is not right like this, but I can't control myself in class. Then my study is bad now. Some students make fun of me. I feel hurt , but I don't show my anger. In fact, I have to hide  my unhappiness. I feel terrible.
Dear Mary, I really don't know what to do now, Can you help me?
Yours,
Jane
,A, B, C, D,, .
The question is: How is Jane learning now?
The possible answers are:
A:Good.
B:Bad.
C:She has improved a lot.
D:She hides her unhappiness.Teachers say the digital age has had a good and a not-so-good influence on the American teenagers. More than 2,000 high school teachers took an online survey.
75 percent of the teachers said the Internet and digital search tools have had a "mostly good" use for their students' research habits and skills, But 87 percent agreed that these technologies "make the students not have enough attention." And 64 percent said the technologies "do little to help them in courses."
Judy Buchanan is a director of the National Writing Project. Ms. Buchanan says digital research tools are helping students learn more, and learn faster. Teachers really like these tools, because they are ways to make some of learning exciting. Young people enjoy using these tools. And the goal is to help them become creative students of meaningful work, and not just that kind of copyist.
But one problem the survey found is that many students don't have a good understanding of how to use the digital knowledge well. In other words, they trust  too much of the information. Judy Buchanan says these students have not developed the skills they need to tell whether the online information is good or bad.
Another problem the survey found is something that might not seem like a problem, at all, being-able to quickly find information online. Teachers say the ability of their students to work hard to find answers is becoming weaker. They say students depend too much on search engines   and do not make enough use, of printed books or research, librarians.
Besides, many teachers are also worried about the problem that the Internet makes it easy for students to copy work done by others, instead of using their own abilities.
The question is: _  of the teachers agreed technologies may stop students from having enough attention.
The possible answers are:
A:50%
B:64%
C:75%
D:87%One day, when I arrived at school, an ice cream truck was parked in the schoolyard. Ice cream men usually drove their trucks to primary schools. I had never thought one ice cream truck would come to bring ice cream to us older kids. When I went up to the truck, I was quite surprised to hear the man call out, "Free ice cream!" To make sure of his words, I asked, "I'm sorry, what did you say?" "Free ice cream. Choose whichever you like." he said, smiling.
After I was certain that the man was just giving away the ice cream, I talked with him for a long time. He told me that his dream had always been to travel around giving away ice cream, and that's what he was now doing. With his mother's support, he kept doing what he loved even during hard times. Now, however, some large companies are helping him his plan.
The man said he wanted to encourage people to do exactly what their heart told them to do with their lives. I kept asking him, "So your dream was just to drive around and give away ice cream? It seems like a very unusual goal." "Yes, just meeting people and making them smile," he replied. At that point he handed me my ice cream. I thanked him, but what I got from him was much more than just an ice cream. It can't easily be explained in words. I believe what he is doing is exactly what a great person does all the time: small acts of big love.
The question is: With his mother's and some large companies' support,   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:the man became rich
B:the man could produce ice cream
C:the man could travel
D:the man's dream came trueI'm going to have a great weekend. I'll go across Canada with my parents by car. We'll drive seven or eight hours a day.
In Toronto, we'll stay in a big hotel. The food is very delicious. There's a big swimming pool and a lot of game rooms. I think I'll play there happily. But there'll be lots of people in the hotel, so I think we'll sleep in one room. And it's expensive.
Then we are going to stay in a small cabin  in the mountains. I really love it. The cabin is clean and quiet. We'll have two rooms, so I can get up late in the morning. But we have to get up early because we want to go swimming. There is a beautiful lake near the cabin. We also can go fishing and cook food outside.
The question is: Where're they going to stay in Toronto?
The possible answers are:
A:In a small hotel.
B:In a big hotel.
C:In a small cabin.
D:In a room.She is a beautiful red-haired girl. she has been shopping with her mom in Wal-Mart. It was raining hard outside. We all stood there under the awning  . Her voice was so sweet. "Mom, let's run through the rain," she said.
"What?" Mom asked.
"Let's run through the rain!"
"No, honey. We'll wait until it slows down a bit," Mom replied.
The child waited about another minute and repeated, "Mom, let's run through the rain."
"We'll get wet if we do," Mom said.
"No, we won't, Mom. That's not what you said this morning," the young girl said as she pulled her mom's arm.
"This morning? When did I say we could run through the rain and not get wet?"
"Don't you remember? When you were talking to Daddy about his cancer , you said, we can get through anything!"
The crowd  became silent. Nothing could be heard but the rain. No one came or left in the next few minutes. Mom thought for a moment about what she would say.
"Honey, you are right. Let's run through the rain. If we get wet, maybe we'll just need to get a wash," Mom said.
Then off they ran. People all stood watching, smiling and laughing as they rushed past the cars and through the puddles .
They held their shopping bags over their heads. They got wet through. But they were followed by a few who laughed like children all the way to their cars.
People can take away your money and health. But no one can ever take away your memories....So don't forget to make time to make memories every day.
The question is: The best title of the passage is "  _  ".
The possible answers are:
A:A Mom and Her Girl
B:Shopping in Wal-Mart
C:Health Is Most Important
D:Let's Run through the RainHenry is from the USA. He is on holiday in London.
One day he is not feeling very well. So he asks a waiter in the hotel, "I want to see a doctor. Can you give me the name of a good one?"
The waiter looks in a book, and says, "Dr. Green."
"Is he expensive?"
"Well," the waiter answers, "Usually, you need to pay 20 pounds for the first time, and 15 pounds for later visit."
Henry wants to save 5 pounds. When he goes to see the doctor, he says, "I've come again, doctor."
For a few seconds, the doctor looks at his face carefully without say anything. Then he says, "Oh, yes." He examines Henry and says, "Everything's going fine. Just don't stop the medicine  I gave you last time."
The question is: He wants to see a good doctor because   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:he is feeling bad
B:he can save 5 pounds
C:he wants to take some medicine home
D:a good doctor is very expensive"Why does the chicken cross the road? To get to the other side!"
That's an old joke in the west, but it came to my mind again when I saw people crossing the road at the _ of Shanxi Road and Huaihai Road in Shanghai.
When the traffic light was red, a group of people were waiting for the light to change. Suddenly one man began rushing to the other side of the road. Soon others followed him at the crossing and more people did the same. Just like chickens, they didn't mind the honking horns  and kept crossing the road in a mess.
Every year several thousand people are either killed or hurt on the roads in Shanghai. And at least one third of them were jaywalking . Jaywalking is very common in Shanghai. It seems that jaywalkers are not afraid of the danger to themselves.
Traffic laws are to keep people safe. So we should obey them, and have good road-crossing habits. When someone starts to jaywalk, we should stop him, and never follow him. That way we can avoid the traffic accidents.
The question is: The writer saw people  _  in Shanghai that day.
The possible answers are:
A:crossing the road in a mess
B:waiting for the green light patiently
C:crossing the road with chickens
D:hurting each other in the streetDifferent from popular thoughts, colds are not caused by bad weather. Colds are caused by viruses  in the body, and you are better out on the snowy day than you are in a warm room, with your friends, who just may be passing the virus around. If you feel a chill   when you are coming down with a cold, you are already sick. A chill is an early sign of the cold.
The virus can spread through air when a cold - sufferer  coughs or sneezes. Surprisingly, this is not the most usual way of spreading, Many studies have now shown that most colds are " caught " by hands. A cold - sufferer rubs her nose, so spreading the virus to her hand. Then a friend comes to visit her. They shake their hands. The friend then gets something to eat by hand, and several days later she catches a cold. Although some parents pick up their children's tissues   and carefully throw them away, they fail to wash their hands. They'll catch the colds, too.
Cold viruses can also be spread by objects, for example, telephones, plates. The cold - sufferer as well as other members of the house, by washing their hands often, will stop the viruses from spreading in a way .
The question is: The passage mainly tells us that  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:washing hands is a way to keep us from catching colds
B:colds are caused by bad weather
C:The cold-sufferer shakes hands with her friends
D:We should stay in a warm room on the snowy day.I had just gone to bed after a very hard day when the phone rang. It was an eccentric  farmer. I had never met him before although I had often heard people talk about him. He sounded quite nervous and he had been talking for a minute or so before I understood anything. Even then I could _ that someone called Milly had had a very bad accident. I hadn't the slightest  idea who she was but I obviously had to go.
It had been snowing so heavily that I didn't know the way. I had been driving for at least an hour when I finally found his place. He was standing there, waiting for me. It seemed Milly had died. "She meant more to me than anyone... even my own wife!" he said. I could see that he had been crying. I thought something terrible had taken place, a possible scandal   . I was even more shocked when he told me he had put her in the barn. "I wouldn't leave her out in the cold!" he said.
Milly had clearly been a secret lover of his. I was about to tell him he could not expect me to cover anything up when he opened the barn door. He lifted his candle and I saw a dark figure on the ground. "She was such a good cow! I wouldn't let anyone but a doctor touch her !" he said, and burst into tears again.
The question is: The farmer wished that the writer might   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:look into the matter
B:bring Milly back to life
C:free him from a scandal
D:keep the whole thing a secretJim, Kate and Li Ming are doing the homework together. Jim's spelling  of "Moday" is wrong . Kate tells him about it. Li Ming wants to borrow a rubber from Jim or Kate. Jim says he has one and gives it to Li Ming. Li Ming thanks Jim for his help. Jim says, "You're welcome". Now Jim says "Thanks very much" to Kate for her help. Kate says "That's all right". The three children are students in a school in Beijing. Jim is from London . Kate is from New York. Li Ming is a Chinese girl. They are good friends. They often do homework and play games together. They often help each other.
The question is: Kate helps Jim with   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:his spelling
B:a rubber
C:a ruler
D:a pencilAs you know, the great American writer Jack London was often in need of money when he began writing his books. He worked hard but it didn't help him.
Once he promised   a New York magazine to write a story for it, but he was busy at that time and could not keep his promise. The boss   of the magazine wrote letters to Jack London several times to ask him to send the story. At last he went to Jack London's room and left a note   .
"Dear Jack London, if I don't get the story in twenty-four hours, I'll come to your room and kick   you downstairs, and I always keep my promise."
Jack London read the note and answered, "Dear Dick, if I could do my work with my feet like you, I could keep my promise, too."
The question is: Jack London   _   when he began to write his books.
The possible answers are:
A:had much money
B:didn't have enough money
C:didn't worry about money
D:didn't need any moneyWhy do you study? Many students would simply reply: "To get good result in the college entrance examination  ." For several years, many have spoken out against the exams. Some say they have turned children into studying machines. Others think that one exam cannot possibly _ a student's true level of knowledge. So, should the exams be canceled?
Minister of Education Yuan Guiren doesn't think so. "Officials and the rich might take advantage  if the college entrance examination were called off . And life would be more difficult for poor children. However, we do need to change the exams," Yuan said on March 7. He has put an exam reforms at the center of his fourth year in office. "I think the exam is a fair way to choose talented people. But it should pay more attention to all-around  personal qualities, not just grades," said Cui Shangyu, a Senior 3 student in Sichuan. The college entrance examination was restored  in 1977. From then to 2007, 46.85 million people have entered higher education through the exam. According to survey by the Ministry of Education, 90 percent of people who participate  believed the college entrance examination could in some way change a person's life, especially for poor students in the countryside. The college entrance examination is not the only way to become a successful person. However, the process of preparing for the exam is a good experience, said Shen Hui, a Math teacher at Gaoyou Middle School in Jiangsu.
"Through it students can learn many things, such as how to deal with stress  and how to arrange a learning plan." Shen said.
The question is: The writer wrote the passage mainly to  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:criticize  the college entrance exam
B:discuss whether we should cancel the college entrance examination
C:encourage the improvement of the college entrance examination
D:introduce the history of the college entrance examinationWhat's the most important thing for you to have in your life? Somebody thinks it's hard work, others think it's knowledge , love and luck...
If you arrange  the 26 English letters in order and use numbers to represent  each of them, for example, 1 for a, 2 for b, 3 for c ......26 for z, you can change an English word into a number. So hard work becomes 8+1+18+4+23+15+18+11="98," meaning 98 is its mark ;Z-X-X-K]knowledge: 11+14+15+23+12+5+4+7+5="96;" love: 12+15+22+5="54," and luck: 12+21+3+11="47," a smallmark. None of these words can give one a full mark. What about money? It can't, either.
Then what else? Don't be worried. You can always find an answer to a problem in your life, when you change your way of looking at things or doing things, or your attitude . Yes, attitude is the word. See for yourself; attitude: 1+20+20+9+20+21+4+5="100," a full mark.
Different attitudes lead to different kinds of life. Most time people hope for a better life. They will have a better life if they change their attitudes. When you become friendly towards others, you will meet more smiling faces. In the same way, if you take a positive  attitude towards failure, you'll find it's also helpful though it has made you lose lots of things.
The question is: From the passage we can learn that   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:different attitudes come from different kinds of life
B:sometimes failure can bring you good if you take a positive attitude
C:math can work out every problem easily in our daily life
D:Among all the English words, only the word "attitude" is 100.Computers can injure you. Most other injuries happen suddenly. For example, if you fall off a bike and break your arms, it happens very quickly. But computer injuries slowly.
You probably know how to ride a bike safely. Now learn to use a computer safely.
Your eyes
Too much light can injure your eyes, so never sit too close to a computer screen. Your eyes should be at least 50 centimeters from the screen. Remember to look away from it sometimes. This gives your eyes a rest.
When you use a computer, the window should be on your left or your right. If it is behind you, the light will reflect on   the screen. If the window is in front of you, the sun and the screen will both shine into your eyes.
Your hands and wrists  
Hand and wrist injuries can happen because the hands and wrists are moved in the same way hundreds of times. If you use a keyboard for a long time, follow these three rules: 1) Rest your wrists on something. 2) Keep your elbows at the same height as the keyboard. 3) Stop something and exercise your hands, wrists and fingers in a different way.
Your back
Some people sit for many hours in front of a computer. If you sit in the wrong way, you can injure your back or your neck. So you should sit with your back straight. The top part of the screen should all be in front of your eyes. Your forearms, wrists, hands and the upper part of your legs should all be parallel   to the floor. If you are sitting for a long time, get up every 30 minutes and exercise your arms, legs and necks.
Enjoy your computer, but use it safely.
The question is: It is good for your back and neck if you sit   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:in the right way
B:for many hours
C:with the screen below your eyes
D:with your back leaning forwardDuring the day we work and play, and at night we sleep. Our bodies rest while we are sleeping. In the morning we are ready to work and play again. When we are asleep, our bodies grow most. When children feel tired and angry, they usually need more sleep. We can get our lessons better, and we feel better, too, when we have enough sleep. Boys and girls, eight or nine years old, need ten hours of sleep every night. Our bodies need plenty of  air when we sleep. If we do not get enough fresh air we wake up feeling tired. While in bed we must not cover our heads. If we do, our lungs will not get enough fresh air. If we open our windows at night we can have plenty of fresh air. Cool air is better than warm air. Boys and girls must get plenty of sleep if they want to grow and be strong.
The question is: What often makes us feel tired in the morning?
The possible answers are:
A:Too much air.
B:Not enough fresh air.
C:Too much cold air.
D:Too much sleep.On Children's Day 2004,Hong Kong held an interesting activity.In this activity,children and their parents played the rich and the poor.In the dinner,the rich could have delicious food,but the poor could only have bread with porridge.
Parents all hoped to have the dinner for the poor with their children.They hoped that their children could be taught a lesson from the dinner.
Now many people on earth don't have enough food or clothing.Every day only half of the world could enjoy enough food.
The activity was held to make the families understand the differences between the poor and the rich and also make parents know that too much material life won't always do good to the children.
The question is: In the dinner,parents hoped to  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:have bread and porridge with their children
B:give the poor delicious food
C:give delicious food to both the rich and the poor
D:give their children delicious foodA long time ago, there was a man. He wanted to buy a pair of new shoes. He measured  his feet with a straw ,and then went to a shoe shop in town.
The shopkeeper took out a pair of new shoes, and let him try it on. But when he looked into his pocket, he found that the straw was not there. So he said, "I'm sorry, I forgot to bring the size  here! Let me go home to get it." After that, he ran out of the shop. It was very far from his home to the shoe shop. When he got back home, he was out of breath.
With a straw in his hand, he hurried to the shoe shop again. But the shop was closed.
Someone near the man said, "Your feet are with you. Why don't you try which pair of shoes fits ? And why do you believe your straw, but not your feet?"
The question is: What do you think of the man?
The possible answers are:
A:Clever
B:Foolish.
C:A good man.
D:A bad man.That Easter day (     ) I found out we were so poor . The minister brought us the money for the poor family , so we must be poor , I thought . I didn't like being poor . Everyone there probably already knew we were poor ! I thought about school . I was in the ninth grade and at the top of my class over 100 students . I wondered if the kids at school knew that we were poor .
We sat in silence for a long time . Then it got dark , and we went to bed . All that week ,we girls went to school and came home , and no one talked much . Finally , on Saturday , Mom asked us what we wanted to do with the money . What did poor people do with the money ? We didn't know . We didn't want to go to the church on Sunday , but mom said we had to . Although it was a sunny day , we didn't talk on the way . Mom started to sing , but no one joined in .
At church we had a speaker . He talked about how churches in Africa built schools and houses for the poor people , but they needed more money to buy foods . The speaker said ," Can't we all give away some money to help those poor people ?" We looked at each other and smiled for the first time in a week .
Mom reached into her purse and pulled out the envelope . She passed it to Darlene , Darlene gave it to me , and I put it into the offering .
When the offering was counted , the minister _ that it was a little over 500 dollars . The speaker was excited . He hadn't expected such a large offering from our small church . He said ," You must have some rich people in this church ." Suddenly it struck us ! We had given 420dollars of that "  little over 500 dollars  ."
We were the rich family in the church ! Hadn't the speaker said so ? From that day on , I've never been poor again .
The question is: The mother decided to go to the church to   _
The possible answers are:
A:hang out with her kids
B:donate (  ) the money to poor people
C:cheer her kids up
D:show other people they were not poorWe know the mosquito very well. Mosquitoes fly everywhere. They can be found almost all over the world, and there are more than 2,500 kinds of them.
No one likes the mosquito. But the mosquito may decide that she loves you. She? Yes,she. It's true that male mosquito doesn't bite  and only the female mosquito bites because she needs blood to lay eggs. She is always looking for things or people she wants to bite. If she likes what she finds, she bites. But if she doesn't like your blood,she will turn to someone else for more delicious blood. Next time a mosquito bites you,just remember you are chosen. You're different from the others!
If the mosquito likes you,she lands on your body without letting you know. She bites you so quickly and quietly that you may not feel anything different. After she bites,you will have an itch  on your body because she puts something from her mouth together with your blood. By the time the itching begins,and she has flown away.
And then what happens? Well,after her delicious dinner,the mosquito feels tired. She just wants to find a place to have a good rest. There,on a leaf or a wall, she begins to lay eggs,hundreds of eggs.
The question is: If the mosquito doesn't bite you, it will   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:get angry with you
B:be afraid of you
C:make a lot of noise
D:choose another oneMuch has been said and written recently about heroes, mainly because many people think we have too few of them. There are many different kinds of heroes, but they all seem to have two things in common. First, heroes, by their actions, show the great possibilities of human nature. Second, heroes can also stand the test of time, and their achievements will not be easily forgotten. Because of these good points, we need to choose our heroes carefully.
Olympic sports star Jackie Joyner-Kersee, who is believed to be a hero, warns young people to be careful of making athletes heroes. She hopes that if someone tries to copy her, it will be because she has achieved her goals by working hard. Joyner-Kersee says that a hero should be someone who has an influence on another person's life.
Poet Maya Angelou believes that a hero encourages people to treat others well and to be concerned about the greater good. A hero should show politeness, courage, patience, and strength all the time. A hero should encourage others to follow him with actions that improve the world, even if only in small ways.
Author Daniel Boorstin suggests that, " _ are people who make news, but heroes are people who make history." Thus, if a person is truly worthy to be called a hero, he or she will not be soon forgotten.
We all need heroes. We need to be able to respect people who have been there, done that, and succeeded. Many times the greatest heroes are the people we deal with every day -- relatives , friends, and neighbors -- who will keep going when it is easier to give up. The parent who puts her or his family ahead of herself or himself, the teacher who will make more money at another job but chooses to help others -- all these people can be considered as heroes. A hero quietly and continuously sets a good example, an example that inspires others to follow.
The question is: From the passage we know that   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:there are fewer heroes than before
B:many common people set examples to us
C:heroes should be polite, patient and famous
D:heroes have to reach the standard required for themMany animals do strange things before an earthquake  . This news may be important. Earthquakes can kill people and knock down homes. The animals may help to save lives.
Some animals make a lot of noise before an earthquake. Farmers have told about this. Dogs that are usually quiet have started to howl . Horses on farms have run around in circles. Mice have left their holes and run away. Cows have given less milk.
In a town in Italy, cats raced down the street in a group. That happened only a few hours before an earthquake. In San Francisco, a man kept tiny pet frogs. One Sunday, the frogs jumped around more than ever. They made loud noises, like bigger frogs. That night, an earthquake struck the city.
People want to know when an earthquake is coming. Then they could get away safely. Right now, there is no sure way to know ahead of time. Maybe the best way is to watch the animals.
The question is: This story is mostly about   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:how animals act before an earthquake
B:how an earthquake starts
C:how mice leaves their homes
D:when an earthquake beginsAll students need to have good study habits .When you have good study habits, you will learn things quickly and also remember them easily. Do you like to study in the living room? This is not a good place because it is usually too noisy. You need to study in a quiet place, like your bedroom. A quiet place will help you only think about one thing. When you study, don,t think about other things at the same time. Only think about your homework. If you do so, you will do your homework more quickly , and you will make fewer mistakes.
Good study habits are very important. If you do not have them, try to learn them. If your study habits are already good, try to make them better.
The question is: According to the writer, which can be a good study habit?
The possible answers are:
A:Reading English among a crowd of people.
B:Thinking only about math in a math class.
C:Thinking in Chinese while talking in English.
D:Do your homework as quickly as you can.I study in the No.5 Middle school. It is a big and nice school. In the school there are more than one hundred teachers and about 2000 students. They all walk very hard.
I am in Class 8,Grade One. There are 35 girls and 36 boys in my class. Our classroom is very big and bright. There are four windows in the wall of the classroom. They are very big. On the back wall there is a map of China. On the front wall there is a map of China. In the front of the blackboard there is a big desk. It's for our teachers. In the classroom there are seventy-one desks and chairs. All the desks and chairs in it are new.
We go to school at seven in the morning. Classes begin at half past seven. We have eight lessons a day. We study Chinese, English ,maths and other lessons. All of us like English very much. Some are very good at it. In the afternoon we have sports. At six o'clock we go home. In the evening we often do our homework. Sometimes we watch TV.
The question is: The classroom of Class 8 is very   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:small
B:bright
C:nice
D:oldWe all know that food gives us energy, but sometimes it can make us much happier when we feel bad. Studies show that foods such as sea fish, bananas, pumpkins and chicken can help fight against bad moods. How can they affect our moods?
Studies show that people living by the sea appear much happier than other people, because the fresh sea air helps them clear their minds and they eat a lot of sea fish.
Bananas have something that is full of Vitamin B6. Having more bananas can help us make a quick decision, and become more confident.
Eating pumpkins can also help people get into a good mood because it's rich in Vitamin B6 and iron and it will make us happier.
Are you in a bad mood? If you are , don't sit alone. Go to eat such happy food with your friends. Maybe you'll be better.
The question is: Why do people living by the sea look happier?
The possible answers are:
A:Because they have fresh air and eat sea fish.
B:Because they can often swim in the sea.
C:Because they often go boating.
D:Because they drink sea water.May 5
is Japanese Children's Day. In fact, it is usually called Boy's Day because it is mainly celebrated (  ) by boys. The celebration of Boy's Day has a long history. It is said that the festival comes from the Dragon Boat Festival in China.
On Boy's Day, Japanese boys eat a special kind of rice cake. It is covered with a leaf and filled with bean paste (   ). Children love to eat it very much.
On this day, children don't have to go to school. Each family with a boy hangs up huge carp-shaped flag (   ). The flags are usually three colors: black, red and blue. Black stands for the father, red stands for the mother and blue stands for the son. Japanese parents believe that the flags will bring their boys good luck and give them courage and power.
The question is: When is Japanese Boy's Day?
The possible answers are:
A:It's on June 1
B:It's on May 5
C:It's on March 8
D:It's on June 6What do you usually do in your free time? Play sports? Watch TV? How about reading books? You must know the Chinese saying: " _ " .Books are important in our life. Reading books is good for us. It can help us know and understand the world better. It can help us get a lot of knowledge . It brings us a new and different world that we have never been before. Almost all the great men like reading, like Chairman Mao and Madame Curie.
In a word, books are treasure  and we must love them. But before you read, remember to choose a good one. Ask your parents or teachers about what books to read. Be sure you are interested in them. There are many different kinds of books. I like biography  because I can learn something from the characters .
What about you? Young friends. Please love books and read them. They are very helpful to you.
The question is: What kind of books does the writer like?
The possible answers are:
A:Story-books.
B:Comic books.
C:Biography.
D:NovelsA survey shows that the number of fires in government buildings each year is small compared to home fires. This is probably because such buildings are taken good care of and managed. However, at home after work fire safety is your own duty.
For most of us who live in high-rise buildings, the safety of you and your family depends on how much you know to do with an emergency . When a fire happens, there is usually little time to decide what to do or how to act. The best thing is to make your emergency plan as soon as possible.
Sit down with the family and prepare a careful escape project. Do remember that every fire is _ . Fire and smoke can move very quickly and the situations in any part of the building may change very quickly. Smoke is usually more dangerous than fire. It can spread throughout the building and enter your house when the fire is many floors away.
Some information says it is best to leave your house immediately when there is a fire. Others say it is safer to stay there. Which is correct?
Usually the best thing to do is to leave the building as soon as possible. However, do not try to leave your house a long time after the fire alarm has sounded. There is a higher chance that heavy smoke has already spread into stairways and hallways.
Never travel through smoke. You must stay inside your house and place wet towels at the bottom of the door to stop smoke from entering. Call the Fire Services Department by dialing "119", tell them where you are and then move to the most smoke-free room. Open the window there to let in fresh air if possible. Hang a sheet from the window to show fire fighters where you are.
The question is: In the writer's opinion, an emergency plan for a fire should be made early   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:so that the fire can be put out in time
B:because we might lose our way in a fire
C:because we may have little time to call 119
D:so that we can keep ourselves safe from a fireIf you love reading books, you must know about the book The Little Prince. It's a famous novel written by a French writer. As one of the best-selling books in history, it has been sold as many as 200 million copies in 253 languages and dialects . Now, around seventy years after the birth of the book, an American director has found a way to make it into a 3D animated film.
The book tells the story of a pilot, called The Aviator, who crashes into the desert and meets a young prince there. However, in the film, the story starts years after the crash when The Aviator is much older. He has got a new neighbor called The Little Girl, whose mother wants her to get ready to enter the grown-up world. Slowly, the Aviator shares his story with The Little Girl by writing it down and sending her a page at a time. The pages are complete with the pictures in the book, speaking about his time in the desert and taking The Little Girl to an amazing world where anything is possible.
China is the first country in the world to see the film in two versions--in Chinese and English. The film shows The Little Girl's life and tells The Little Prince's story at the same time in a beautiful way.
Huang Lei, who voices the film together with his 9-year-old daughter, says the film is like a childhood dream which is lost by most adults in this stressed-out society.
"The most touching part is that every one of us was a good-natured kid like the Little Prince, and it's a pity that this good characteristic goes away as time flies," he says.
,
The question is: How does The Little Girl get to know the story of The Little Prince?
The possible answers are:
A:She reads the pages that The Aviator writes and sends to her.
B:Her mother wants her to get ready to enter the grown-up world.
C:The Aviator takes her to an amazing world.
D:She moves home next to The Aviator.Hi, my name is Wang Jun. Do you want to know about my staying in America? Well, to tell you the truth, it is really an eye-opening experience here.
In China, I had English classes five times a week since Grade Five. But I didn't know textbook English could be so different from everyday English until I came to Hotchkiss School, Connecticut. When I first studied English, I was told to say "I'm fine." when people say "How are you?" But in the USA, I found that people say "I'm good." or "I'm tired."
One day, someone greeted   me with "What's up?" It made me _ I thought for a moment and then smiled because I didn't know what to say.
Since then, I have learnt more and more differences between Chinese and American cultures. To my surprise, American girls spend a lot of time in the burning sun getting a tan  . In China, girls try every possible way to keep their skin white.
American students are hard-working like Chinese students. In China, schoolwork is almost everything, so we study hard and that's it. But here, a "good" student not only gets good grades, but also does a lot for the public. That is to say, they get lots of knowledge at school and learn many life skills from social   work.
The question is: In China, Wang Jun had   _   English classes every week.
The possible answers are:
A:five
B:four
C:three
D:twoPopular music in America is what every student likes. Students carry small radios with earphones and listen to music before class, after class, and at lunch. Students with cars buy large speakers and play the music loudly as they drive on the street.
Adult drivers listen to music on the car radio as they drive to work. They also listen to the news about sports, the weather, and the life of American people. Most of the radio programmers are music.
Pop or popular music singers make much money. They make a CD or a tape which radio stations use in many places. Once the popular singer is heard all over the country, young people buy his or her tape. Some of the money from these tapes goes to the singer. Wherever the singer goes, all the young people want to meet him or her. Now the singer has become a national  star.
There are other kinds of music that are important to Americans. One is called folk  music. It tells stories about the common life of Americans. Another is western or country music. This was started by cowboys who would sing at night to the cows they were watching. Today, any music about country life and the 1ove between a country boy and his girl is called western or country music.
,.
The question is: What kind of music are mentioned in this passage?
The possible answers are:
A:Pop, folk, country and western music.
B:Pop, folk and classical music.
C:Pop, folk and country music.
D:Pop, country and western music.Kate's room is big. A TV set  is in the room. The TV set is on the table. Some red flowers   are on it, too. We can see a nice picture on the wall . We can see a hat and some books on her bed. Her _ are under the bed. A desk is near the window . On the desk is a clock. It's time to go to school  . Where's Kate's bag? Oh, it's on the chair. Kate is putting on   her shoes.
The question is: Where's Kate's hat? It's   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:on the chair
B:on the bed
C:under the chair
D:under the bedThis is Bruce's Noodle House. We have different kinds of noodles. A large bowl of noodles with mutton  is only 4 dollars, and 3 dollars for a medium  bowl. Each bowl of beef noodles is just 3.5 dollars. And a large bowl of chicken noodles is 2 dollars. Each bowl of pork noodles is just 3.5 dollars. One dollar is for a large bowl of vegetable noodles.
Come and enjoy the delicious noodles here! If you order any meat noodles, fruit is free . If you are too busy to come. Please call us at 2888998, and you will get the food in half an hour. Our Noodle House is open for 24 hours a day, from Monday afternoon to Sunday.
The question is: Bruce's Noodle House sells  _   different kinds of noodles.
The possible answers are:
A:five
B:eight
C:seven
D:FourNext time you're unhappy or complaining about your life, don't turn to a cheerful comedy. You might find a tear-jerking tragedy  is just the thing you need to brighten your day.
A team of researchers at Ohio State University, US, has found sad movies can make people happier, Science Daily reported last month.
Many people find tragedies make them realize how good their own lives are, the study showed.
"People seem to use tragedies as a way to reflect on the important relationships in their own lives," said Silvia Knobloch-Westerwick, leader of the study. "Tragic stories often focus on themes of eternal  love, and this leads viewers to think about their loved ones and count their good and helpful things."
In the study, researchers gathered 361 college students and showed them the 2007 movie, Alonement. The movie is about two lovers who are separated  and finally die during Worid War II. Before and after the movie, the students were asked questions measuring  how happy they were with their lives. Researchers also asked them before, afier and three times during the movie to measure various emotions, including sadness.
Researchers found that the sadder students felt while watching the movie, the more likely they were to think about real people they had close relationships with in life. This increased their happiness afier watching the movie. Knobloch-Westerwick explained that negative  moods make people more thoughtful.
"Positive  emotions show that everything is fine, you don't have to worry, you don't have to think about problems in your life," she said. "But negative emotions, like sadness, make you think more critically about your situation. So seeing a tragic movie may make you sad, but that will make you to think more about your own close relationships and appreciate them more."
The link between watching a tragic story and feeling better has long been recognized. The ancient Greeks even had a word for the feeling of happiness afier seeing something sad that led to the modern English word "catharsis ".
The study also showed that relationships are a very important source of happiness in our lives, so it is no surprise that thinking about your loved ones makes you happier, researchers said.
The question is: Why are ancient Greeks mentioned in the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:To introduce the meaning of the word "Catharsis".
B:To explain the importance of knowing how to become happier.
C:To prove that they were of high intelligence and guessed its meaning.
D:To tell readers the relationship between tragedies and happiness was found long ago.Shopping for clothes is not the same experience for a man as it is for a woman. A man goes shopping because he needs something. All men simply walk into a shop and ask for what they want  If the shop has it, the salesman quickly finds it, and the business of trying it on continues at once. All being well, the deal can be and often is completed in less than five minutes.
For a man, small problems may begin when the shop does not have what he wants. Then, the salesman tries to sell the customer something else. "I know this jacket is not the style you want, sir, but would you like to try it for size? It happens to be the color you mentioned." Few men have patience with this treatment, and the usual reply is, "This is the right color and maybe the right size, but I should be wasting my time and yours by trying it on."
However, a woman does so in the opposite way. Her shopping is not often based on(... ) need, and she is only "having a look around". She is always open to persuasion, really she believes in what the saleswoman tells her. She will try on any number of things. Most women have an excellent sense of value when they buy clothes. They are always on the lookout for the unexpected sale. Faced with a roomful of dresses, a woman may easily spend an hour going from one room to another, often going back over again, before choosing the dresses she wants to try on. It is always tiring, but obviously  enjoyable. Most dress shops provide chairs for the waiting husbands.
,.
The question is: According to the passage, we can learn that
The possible answers are:
A:a man often buys what he doesn't need
B:a man's shopping is often based on need
C:a woman's shopping is never based on need
D:a woman goes shopping to look for cheap thingsThe Internet is full of false information. It is important for us all to avoid being fooled by such information. Here are three examples of Internet hoaxes.
On his website, a man by the name of Tony has asked for gifts of money to save the life of a pretty little rabbit named Toby that he rescued from under his house. A cat must have attacked the rabbit, the man claimed, so he took it in. he gave Toby loving care and nursed him back to health. There is a very cruel point, however. If the greedy man doesn't receive enough money, he will eat poor little Toby. (Don't worry, though.
Remember, it's just a hoax!.
While the streets of New Orleans, the USA, were still flooded after a terrible hurricane (., a frightening e-mail was sent around the Internet. It included a photograph of a large crocodile over five meters long. According to the message, it had been swimming around the flooded city eating people. It was later discovered that the photographs of the crocodile were of one that was caught in the Congo (. years before.
The following e-mail hoax takes in many people. It claims that a large British company will pay you to send their e-mail to as many people as possible. For every person that you send the e-mail to, it promises you will receive $5.00; for every person that you send it to that sends it to someone else, you'll get $3.00; and for every third person that receives it, you will be paid $1.00.
To make it even more believable, the sender says that at first he thought it was a hoax, but the company soon sent him $800.00.
The question is: The main idea of the passage is to  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:teachhowtocreateaprofessionalwebsitewithattractivestories
B:showthatanyonecancreategoodInternethoaxeswithsomefacts
C:explainthat,eventhoughtheyseemfalse,Internethoaxesmightbetrue
D:tellpeopletobecarefulofInternethoaxesbygivingsomeexamplesMum gives little Jerry twenty yuan. Then little Jerry goes shopping. He gets on a bus and sits down next to an old woman. Then he sees the old woman's bag is open. There is twenty yuan in it. He quickly looks into his pocket. The money isn't there now! Little Jerry is sure that the old woman is a thief . He wants to take back the money from the old woman's bag. He carefully puts his hands into the old woman's bag, takes the money and says nothing. Then, the old woman shouts, "Where is my money? I can't find it. There is a thief on the bus." Little Jerry feels strange . Then he sees twenty yuan under his seat. Little Jerry is thinking a question now, "Am I a thief?"
The question is: Little Jerry sees   _   under his seat.
The possible answers are:
A:the old woman's money
B:his money
C:the thief's money
D:the driver's moneyMary's mother waited for her in the car. Mary knew that she would be late if she didn't hurry  , but she didn't care. It is her birthday today.
Ten minutes later, Mary opened the car door. Her mother said, "Don't forget to go home with Cindy today." Mary felt a little disappointed  . She really hoped to have a party today, but her mother had to work late tonight. She promised Mary that they could have a party next week.
"I won't forget," replied Mary. When she arrived at school, she got out of the car and said goodbye to her mother. It seemed that her mother didn't care. Mary walked into the school. She hoped her friends would remember that she turned eight today.
"Hi, Mary. Happy birthday," said Julie.
Mary smiled and asked, "Julie, can you come to my party next week?"
Julie said, "I am sorry Mary, but I can't."
During the day, things didn't go much better. All of her friends said they could not go to her party next week. At the end of the school day, Mary felt very sad.
Evening came and Cindy's mother drove Mary home. When Mary opened the door, the house was dark. Her mother didn't even get home yet! She felt very sad.
"Surprise!"
All the lights in Mary's house came on. Her mother and all of her friends were there! There were many gifts in the living room. Then, she ran into the kitchen. Her mother prepared her favorite meal and a big chocolate cake. "Thank you, Mom!" Mary said, happily.
The question is: What did Mary's mother do for her?
The possible answers are:
A:She drove Mary home.
B:She did the housework.
C:She bought Mary a beautiful skirt.
D:She prepared Mary's favorite meal.Good morning. My name is Eric. This is my schoolbag. What color is it? It's blue and white. And what's this in English? It's a pen. It is a black pen. This is a ruler. It's yellow.
The question is: There are   _   colors in the passage .
The possible answers are:
A:3
B:5
C:2
D:4Once a clever man was crossing a turbulent river. He wished to amuse himself by talking to the boatman.
"Do you know mathematics?" he asked.
"No sir." answered the boatman.
"Then you have lost one quarter of your life," said the wise man. "Do you know history?"
"No sir." answered the boatman.
"Then you have lost three quarters of your life." Just then a sudden gust of wind overturned the boat. "Do you know how to swim?" asked the boatman.
"No," answered the wise(="clever)" man.
"Well then," replied the boatman, "you have lost your whole life."
The question is: When a gust of wind overturned the boat,   _   lost his life.
The possible answers are:
A:the boatman
B:the boatman and the clever man
C:the clever man
D:None of themHave you ever trained your brain ? Now there are some new suggestions, such as eating dark
chocolate and having cold meat for breakfast. You should also avoid watching soap operas, spending time with people who complain or follow fat-free diets, according to a new book on getting "brain-fit".
Many of the suggestions in Teach Yourself Training Your Brain are surprising. The book says to read out loud while holding a baby. Writers Terry Horne and Simon Wootton say their advice is from the latest research by experts around the world.
"For years we have thought our brain capability   is decided by our genes . But it's now clear that it depends on our lifestyle. What we eat and drink, how we learn at school and what type of feelings we have are all important," said Horne.
The book talks about the most up-to-date thinking in science about how diet, the environment, stress and other sides of modern life affect our brain capacity. It also offers advice and exercises. _ 
Horne believes that people need to make changes to their lifestyles to increase their brain capacity Happiness, confidence and an optimistic nature help the brain, he added.
"So mix with people who make you laugh, or share the same interests as you. And avoid people who complain," said Horne. "People who are negative will make you sad, which means you won't achieve things."
The question is: What's the book Teach Yourself Training Your Brain mainly about?
The possible answers are:
A:How people's brain capability works
B:Exercises to improve brain capability
C:Some scientific and healthy diets
D:How to improve people's brain capabilityIf you had a chance to prepare dinner for your mother, would you choose to make it right now or some day in the future? Watch the video Paradise   Dinner by Liu Xiaoyu, a junior at[Hebei Institute of Communications, and you will find a right answer.
Recently the six-minute film Paradise Dinner won a great success on the Internet. It told the story of a son who made a big lunch for his mother, but he can only send the dinner to paradise, because his mother has been dead.
"If you do not show your _ to your mother right now, you might never have the opportunity in the future, because your mother is growing older and older day by day-this is the main theme of my film, " said the 21-year-old Liu.
Liu conceived   the story for Paradise Dinner over his 2010 summer vacation.
One day during that holiday,  Liu found his parents were not young any more.  " So I decided to write a story for Paradise Dinner to call for all people, especially young people, to show more filial piety to their parents," he said.
With the help of his teachers and his schoolmates, he found actors, Zhang who played the mother and Yuan Zhen who played the son. At last he finished the film.
Many Web users said they liked the film very much and most of them cried like Liu's parents when they watched it.
The question is: The writer wrote this article to  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:encourage p.eople to care more about their parents
B:introduce a short video
C:think highly of the talent of Liu Xiaoyu
D:show the kind heart of most peopleHello, my first name is Jenny and my family name is Brown. I am a girl. I am 11. My telephone number is 025-7658.
I have   two friends. One is a boy. His name is Mike Green. He is 10. His telephone number is 636-7654. Linda Smith is my friend, too. She is 9. Her telephone number is 356-7890.
,.
The question is: Which of the following statements is correct? (?)
The possible answers are:
A:Jenny's family name is Smith.
B:Mike's phone number is 025-7658.
C:Linda is nine.
D:Linda has three friends.Is the world too crowded? Well, that's a hard question to answer. It's all a matter of perspective .In Montana, you might drive for a mile in any direction and not see another human being. In Macao, 60,000 people live in every square mile!
What is true is that the world's population doesn't stay the same. It has been increasing at a very fast rate .That's in part because in each generation  these are more people who then have children than in the last generation.
Five hundred years ago, the population of the world was about 460 million. In 1900,the world's population was under 2 billion .Right now it is doubling every 40 years. That means, if this rate of growth continues, when you are a parent, there will be twice as many people on earth as there are now. Wow! Now that's a whole lot of people! Soon the world's population will probably reach 7 billion. Some people worry about that! But there is a lot of disagreement about just how many people on earth equals  too many people. But everyone agrees that the more people there are, the more resources  the world needs to feed, house and take care of all of them, and the more need there is to think carefully about how we live and use the earth's resources.
The question is: The population is increasing fast partly because   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:people live longer than before
B:there are less wars than before
C:medicine is developing faster than before
D:more couples now would like to have children than beforeIt's interesting that the arrival of snow has a different effect on people in different countries. For some countries it is an important happening to celebrate each year, while for others it is a catastrophe   or even a wonder.
There are countries between these two extremes   that normally expect snow some time over the winter months, but never receive snow regularly or in the same quantities  every year. Britain is one such country, for which the arrival of snow quite simply creates problems. Within hours of the first snowfall, however light, roads are blocked, trains and buses stop in the middle of traffic. Normal communications are affected as well, telephone calls become difficult and the post immediately takes more time than usual. Almost within hours, there are also shortages  -- bread, vegetables and other things -- not because all these things can no longer be produced or sent to shops, but mainly because people are frightened, and go out to store up these commodities  , "just for fear that something bad should happen."
Why then does snow have this effect? After all, the Swiss, Austrians and Canadians don't have such problems. It is simply because there is not enough planning and preparation. We need money to buy equipment to deal with snow and ice. To keep the roads clear, for example, requires snow ploughs and machines to spread salt. The reason why a country like Britain does not buy some ploughs is that they are only used for a few days in any one year, and the money could be more useful in other things such as hospitals, education or helping the old.
The question is: After a few hours' snowing there are often shortages of food because  _
The possible answers are:
A:shops have closed down
B:people buy as much as they can
C:farmers can't produce any more
D:people eat more vegetables in winterThe class in America is almost the same as that in China. But something is different.
1.In America, if the teacher asks you a question but you don't understand, you should put up your hand and ask the teacher to repeat it. If you don't know the answer, it is all right to tell the teacher that you don't know. Then he or she knows what you need to do.
2.You mustn't be absent on a test day. If you are seriously ill, call and let the teacher know you will not be there for the test. If your teacher allows you a make-up test , you should take the test in one or two days after you go back to school.
3.Be on time! It is impossible to be late. If you come in late, be sure to do it quietly. Take your books out of your bag after you enter the room. Then go to your seat and sit down quietly. In the US, you needn't knock before you come into the classroom.
4.If you have to leave during the class, do it quietly, too. There's no need to ask for the teacher's agreement.
The question is: When a teacher asks you a question but you don't know the answer, you should  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:Repeat the question
B:Tell the teacher you don't know
C:Give an answer
D:Put up your handSam: Hey, Maria and John. This Thursday is Bill's birthday. Let's think about the presents.
Maria: Sure, Sam. I want to give him a computer game.
Sam: No, Bill never plays computer games.
John: I want to buy a CD of his favourite songs.
Sam: Good idea. Bill likes listening to music.
Maria: How about buying a birthday cake for him?
Sam: Oh, you don't have to do it. His mother usually buys a birthday cake for him.
Maria: How about buying him a cinema ticket? I remember Bill likes watching films.
Sam: That sounds a good idea.
Maria &John: What about you? What would you like to buy for Bill, Sam?
Sam: It's a secret.
The question is: Bill's mother usually buys   _   for Bill on his birthday.
The possible answers are:
A:a cinema ticket
B:a birthday cake
C:a CD
D:a concert ticketSam was an English student. He always stayed at home for his holidays. But last winter he thought, "I have never left the country. All my friends have been to Spain. They like it very much. So this year I'm going there for my holiday."
First he went to Madrid and stayed in a small hotel for a few days. One morning he went out for a walk. In his country people drive on the left, but in Spain they drive on the right. Sam forgot about this, and while he came to a busy street, a bike knocked   him down.
Sam lay on the ground for a few seconds and then he sat up and said, "Where am I?"
An old man was selling maps at the side of the street. He quickly came to Sam and said, "Maps of the city, sir?"
The question is: Sam went to Spain   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:to see his friends
B:because he like it very much
C:to learn English
D:for his holidayDo your parents ever say, "act like a lady" or "be a gentleman" to you? But in the eyes of today's teenagers , what should a lady or a gentleman be like? Let's take a look.
What is a gentleman? The girls have their ideas:
Huang Xiaoyu of Guizhou: A gentleman doesn't always get angry . He wants others to be well and happy. He is always ready to help. There is a boy in my class and I think he is a gentleman. If I don't do well in the English exam, he will say, "You will do better next time." That makes me feel happy.
Chen Tingting of Shenzhen: A gentleman always says, "Ladies first" When students clean up the classroom, he does the heavy work. He lets girls go into rooms first. There are no gentlemen in my class. When there is something to eat, the boys in my class always get them before girls!
What is a lady? Boys tell us what they think a lady is:
Wu Yifan of Dalian: A lady is quiet and kind, but she's not shy  and she can talk about her ideas in front of others. To me, Dong Jie, a film star, is a lady. She is pretty and kind. She does a lot for others.
Wang Lichao of Tianjin: A lady is not just beautiful but clever. She never says bad words. She is quiet and kind to others. I don't think there is a lady in my class. Most of the girls are "
", I think.
The question is: What does Huang Xiaoyu think a gentleman will do if she doesn't do well in the English exam?
The possible answers are:
A:He will say "You'll do better next time".
B:He will get angry.
C:He will say "You're so careless  ."
D:He will laugh at her.When the world was very young, people lived in hot places .They didn't live in cold places because they could not keep warm there.
At first men didn't know how to make a fire. Sometimes trees were hit by lightning .Then a fire was started .People took some of the fire near their homes. A fire was very important for three reasons. It kept them warm. Wild animals were frightened when they saw it. And when food was cooked, it tasted much better.
But men didn't know how to make a fire. When they had a fire, they didn't let it stop burning. If it went out, they couldn't start it again. They had to wait for lightning to start another fire. Sometimes they had to wait for years.
Later, they learned how to make a fire. But it was not easy to make something burn . Now we have matches. We can carry them in our pockets and make a fire when we want to.
The question is: Which of the following is NOT true according to the passage.
The possible answers are:
A:People are much cleverer now than they were long before.
B:A fire could be made by lightning.
C:We can make a fire with matches
D:After man knew how to make a fire, it became very easy to burn something .In a small town, there lived a doctor. He was good and kind. He was ready to go and help people. People always went to him when they were ill.
Many years later, the doctor began to forget things. The people were afraid and little by little, they stopped going to him. The doctor saw his business   wasn't as good as before. He thought, "Well, if I were the patients(people who don't feel well), I'd be afraid to go to me too. Maybe it's time for me to stop being a doctor. But if this town has no doctor, what will the people do when they become ill?"
His wife heard him talking to himself and said, "Why don't you find a young doctor _ ? Then people will have another good doctor to take care of them and I will get my husband back."
The doctor did as what his wife said. He found a very good young doctor to help the people. The doctor and his wife then had time to take long walks together, go dancing, go traveling and spend the rest of their days together.
The question is: This story is about   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:a doctor
B:a wife
C:a nurse
D:a husbandCan you swim? Swimming is one of the most popular activities in summer. It can be learned early in life. Little children can learn to swim as soon as they walk. In fact, you need the same skills in walking as in swimming. However, I believe that five is the best age to learn it. By five or six, a child knows fear of water, a very important thing to know. It's wise to be afraid. The young understand that the water can sometimes be very dangerous.
When you swim, you should follow certain rules:
Never swim alone! No matter how good you are in the water, don't risk drowning by swimming alone. If you swim by yourself, you may get into trouble.
Don't go beyond your abilities. Most swimmers know it clearly not to swim too far from the bank or the beach.
Don't show off your skills by doing dangerous tricks.
Don't smoke. Swimming depends on a healthy body.
Work at any activity that builds muscles  .
The question is: Little children can learn to swim as soon as   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:they can talk
B:they start walking
C:they have no fear of the water
D:they are five or six years oldHunter and Nina are husband and wife. They get up at about 4:50 in the morning. When many people are still sleeping in their warm beds, they are working. They work outside and clean something. They don't work when it is raining. They also work on weekends
Her name is Sara. She sometimes goes to work in the morning, and sometimes goes to work at night When she is onduty. She works in a big building. There are many sick people in it. She wears a white hat and a white dress. She says, "I help doctors. I meet many people every day. I look after them. They need my help. That's my job. It's hard, but I like it."
Her name is Ann. She goes to work by bus every day. She works in a building. It opens at 8. a.m and closes at6.p.m.. There is a lot of good food, nice drinks and other things when she works. Children like to go there. She meets a lot of people every day. She often says, "Can I help you?" when she meets people. She says, "My work is not easy. I must stand all day and be friendly to everyone.
He is Jim's father. He usually leaves home very early. He doesn't work in a factory. He goes to work on foot or by bike. It is far from his home. He usually works in the day and has his lunch outside in the sun. His work is very hard.
The question is: What does this passage talk about?
The possible answers are:
A:How to work hard.
B:People's jobs.
C:When to go to work.
D:People's daily life.We all know that food makes us grow every day, but sometimes it can make us happy when we feel bad. Food such as sea fish, bananas, pumpkins and chicken can help us be happy. How can they affect  our feelings?
People living by the sea look much happier than other people, because the fresh sea air helps them clear their minds and they eat a lot of sea fish. Bananas have much Vitamin B6. Having more bananas can help us make a quick decision, and become more confident . Eating pumpkins can also help people get into a good feeling because it's rich in Vitamin B6 and iron .
Are you in a bad mood ? If you are, don't sit alone. Go to eat such happy food with your friends. Maybe you'll feel better.
,. (5)
The question is: Food gives us energy and sometimes   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:it can affect our feelings
B:it can make us feel sad
C:it can make us become fat
D:it can make us healthierDick is not old, but he does not have much hair. His wife  Emma has thick, beautiful and black hair. They have a son. His name is Peter, and he is five years old. Today Dick is reading a book in his study. Peter looks at his father for a long time and then asks his mother, "Why does Papa have so little hair, Mama?" Emma laughs and says, "He has little hair becauseThe food looks good but  _    bad. he thinks a lot. He's a very clever man." Peter looks at his mother's thick hair for a few seconds and then laughs, "Then I know why you have so much hair."
The question is: Emma has   _   hair.
The possible answers are:
A:short
B:no
C:thick
D:longChinese Mid-Autumn Festival, also known as Chinese Moon Festival, takes place at the 15th day of the eighth Chinese lunar month. The reason for celebrating the festival during that time is that it is the time when the moon is at its fullest and brightest.
The Mid-autumn festival is one of the two most important occasions in Chinese calendar (the other being the Spring Festival or the Chinese New Year) and it is an official holiday. It is a time for families to be together, so people far from home will gaze longingly at the moon and think about their families.
The traditional food for  mid-autumn festival is the moon cake which is round and symbolizes reunion.
The question is: The traditional food for mid-autumn festival is (  ).
The possible answers are:
A:sweet dumplings.
B:rice dumplings.
C:chicken
D:moon cakeA man went to see a doctor."Open your mouth,"the doctor said.Then the man opened his mouth and the doctor looked in quickly.
"It's clear what's wrong with you.You need more exercise,"the doctor said.
"But,doctor,"the man said,"I don't think..."
"Don't tell me what you think,"the doctor said."I am the doctor,not you.I know what you need.I see hundreds of people like you.None of them get any exercise.They sit in offices all day and in front of the television in the evening.What you need is to walk quickly for at least 20 minutes a day."
"Doctor,you don't understand,"the man said."I..."
"I don't want to hear any excuses,"the doctor said."You must find time for exercise.If you don't,you will get fat and have health problems when you are older."
"But I walk every day,"the man said.
"Oh,yes,and I know what kind of walking that is.You walk a few feet to the train station from your house,a few more feet from the station to your office,and a few more feet from your office to a restaurant for lunch and back.That's not real walking.I'm talking about walking in the park for twenty minutes every day."
"Will you listen to me,doctor?"the man shouted,getting angry with this doctor who thought he knew everything."I'm a postman,"the man went on,"and I walk for seven hours every day."
.
The question is: Why did the doctor not listen to the man?
The possible answers are:
A:The postman spoke to him like a doctor.
B:He really wanted to help the postman.
C:He thought he knew the man's problem.
D:The man was slow in speaking.In an American classroom, a teacher asked a Chinese girl to answer a question. She stood up and smiled, without making any sound. The American teacher looked at himself and didn't see anything funny.
So he asked her the question again.The girl just smiled but said nothing. The teacher was angry. He didn't know that the girl smiled to cover her embarrassment because she didn't know how to answer the question.
In a dining room in Beijing, an Englishman was careless and dropped a plate. The Chinese who saw this began to laugh. The Englishman felt uncomfortable and even got angry."They are laughing at me," he thought. In fact ,the Chinese laughed not at the Englishman or his bad luck---whether  he is a foreigner or a Chinese. The laughter has some feelings, don't take it so seriously ;laugh it off, it's nothing;such things can happen to any of us,etc.
The question is: Which feeling is NOT included  in the laughter when the Englishman dropped a plate?
The possible answers are:
A:Don't take it seriously.
B:Bad luck!
C:It's nothing.
D:It can happen to any of us.The Spring Festival is the Chinese New Year's Day. It usually comes in January or February. Everyone in China likes it very much. All the families have a big dinner to celebrate  it. Children like the Spring Festival best because they can get presents such as nice food, new clothes and red packets from their grandparents, their parents, their uncles and aunts. People eat dumplings on the Spring Festival. Chinese think eating dumplings can bring them money in the new year.
The question is: According to the passage, which of the following sentences is WRONG?
The possible answers are:
A:All the Chinese like the Spring Festival.
B:Children are the happiest   during the Spring Festival.
C:Chinese think eating dumplings can make people rich.
D:People all over the world celebrate the Chinese New Year.One morning, Bill said he was ill. His mother called a taxi and took him to the doctor. The doctor asked Bill, "What's the matter, young man?" Bill answered, "I'm feeling sick. I'm coughing  and having a headache . I won't be able to go to school today, I'm afraid." The doctor looked him over carefully, and then asked his mother, "What did he have for breakfast?" His mother said, "He had four pieces of dread, two eggs, a bottle of milk and an orange." The doctor smiled, "Don't worry. It's nothing serious. The boy will be all right after the football match." The mother said, "I don't understand, Doctor." The doctor smiled again," This afternoon, the biggest football game of the year will be on TV. Your boy doesn't want to miss it. I think he will be fine after the game. You wait and see."
The question is: The doctor didn't give Bill any medicine , because   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:he didn't think Bill was ill
B:Bill didn't like having medicine
C:Bill's mother didn't have enough money
D:he had no medicine leftAmerican boys and girls love watching television. Some children spend six hours a day in school and four to six hours a day in front of the television set. Some even watch television for eight hours or more on the weekend.
Televisions are like books or films. A child can learn both bad things and good things from them. Some programs help children to understand the news, and others show people and places from other countries or other time in history. With television, a child does not have to go to the zoo to see animals or to the ocean to see a ship. Boys and girls can see a play, a concert or a game at home.
Television brings many places and events into our homes. Some programs show crime  and other things that are bad for children, so parents sometimes help them find other interesting things to do.
The question is: Parents sometimes help their children find other things to do when there is  _   for children.
The possible answers are:
A:a bad program
B:an animal
C:a game
D:an uninteresting filmSue and Linda usually go to school by car. They drive past  a hospital, a supermarket and a food shop. The food shop is next to the supermarket.
. Jack and Michael usually go to school by bus. They go past a bank and a post office. The bank is next to the post office.
Mary usually goes to work by bike. She rides a bike past a police office, a park and a swimming pool. The park is between the police office and the swimming pool.
The question is: Which   is true?
The possible answers are:
A:Linda goes to school by car.
B:The food shop is next to the supermarket.
C:Mary rides a bike past a post office.
D:The park is between the post office and the swimming pool.The 30th Olympics will be held in London soon. More and more people will travel there and watch the games. And it's necessary for the tourists to know the customs there. Here are some tips given by William Hanson, an English manner expert.
* Afternoon tea.   The traditional view that the British sit down for an afternoon tea is not popular any more. Few people keep the tradition nowadays.
* Give tips -- but not in a clear way.   The British would like to choose a quiet way of saying "thank you" when they get good service. In fact, many British waiters will not mind if you decide not to tip at all.
* Greeting with a kiss.   The British aren't like their neighbors in France. They do not greet others with a kiss very often. Many people prefer to shake hands or pat  on the back to say " hello" .
* Conversation tips.   If you are not sure what you are talking about, end a sentence with the word "mate".
* Don't talk about money.   According to Hanson, British people don't like to talk about money and it is rude to do so. Especially, never ask anyone how much money he or she makes a month.
The question is: What is the best title for the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:Afternoon Tea in London
B:Olympics in London
C:Greetings in London
D:Customs in LondonDo you like drinking Coke? As a symbol of American culture, Coca-Cola is liked by many people, especially young people all around the world. But from now on, perhaps it will be hard for students in the US to get it on campus. A new agreement will end almost all sales of high-sugar fizzy drinks in US schools. The agreement allows only unsweetened juice, low-fat milk and water in primary and middle school vending machines and cafeterias. Former American president Bill Clinton helped the American Heart Association and the beverage industry  to come up with the agreement. He suffered from a weight problem and has had a heart operation since leaving the White House. He takes the agreement as "a bold step forward in the struggle to help 35 million young people lead healthier lives".
Rising childhood obesity has become a big problem in America. A federal report noted that obesity has _ among teenagers in the past 25 years. It called for new limits on the marketing of junk food to children. Soda is a particular target because of its caloric content and popularity among children.
Britain has already taken similar steps to fight obesity. A recent study shows that people in the UK are much healthier than the people in the US. However, it's better late than never. Now American schools are trying to make new rules to guide the students to choose healthy drinks. American schools say goodbye to Coca-Cola.
The question is: Which of the following statements is WRONG?
The possible answers are:
A:Coca-Cola causes students' obesity.
B:Coca-Cola makes people unhealthier.
C:Coca-Cola isn't very popular in the world.
D:Coca-Cola is bad for our body.There are many people on the bus. Some have seats, but some have to stand. At a bus stop, a woman gets on the bus. An old man is near the door and tries   to stand up. "Oh, no, thank you," the woman forces  him back to the seat."Please don't do that. I can stand." "But, Madam, let me..."says the man. "I ask you to keep your seat." the woman says. She puts her hands on the old man's shoulder  . But the man still tries to stand up."Madam, will you let me...?""Oh, no." says the woman. She again forces the man back.
At last   the old man shouts  ,"I want to get off the bus!"
The question is: Why is the man angry at last?
The possible answers are:
A:He can't get off the bus.
B:The woman puts her hands on his shoulder.
C:The woman is not polite.
D:He has not any seat.Sometimes I really doubt whether there is love between my parents. Every day they are busy earning money. They don't act in the romantic ways that I read in books or I see on TV. My father has a bad temper. When he's tired from the hard work, it is easy for him to lose his temper.
One day, my mother was sewing a quilt  .
"Mom, may I ask you a question?" I said.
"What?" "Is there love between you and Dad?" I asked her in a very low voice.
My mother stopped her work and raised her head in surprise. She didn't answer immediately. Then she continued to sew the quilt.
I was very worried because I thought I had hurt her. But at last I heard my mother say the following words: "Susan, look at the thread  . Sometimes it appears, but most of it disappears in the quilt. It makes the quilt strong. If life is a quilt, then love should be a thread. It can hardly be seen, but it's really there. Love is inside."
I couldn't understand her until the next spring. My dad got sick suddenly. My mum had to stay with him in the hospital for a month. When they returned, they both looked very pale. _ .
After they were back, every day in the morning and dusk, my mother helped my father walk slowly on the country road. The doctor had said my father would recover in two months. But after two months he still couldn't walk by himself. All of us were worried about him.
"Dad, how are you feeling now?" I asked.
"Susan, don't worry about me," he said gently. "I just like walking with your mom. I like this kind of life." Looking at his eyes, I knew he loves my mother deeply.
Once I thought love meant flowers, gifts and sweet kisses. But now, I understand that love is just like the thread. Love is inside, making life strong and warm.
The question is: The writer felt worried because   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:her mum was angry with her
B:her mum didn't know how to answer the question
C:she thought she hurt her mum's heart
D:her mum's answer was hard to understandAccording to some predictions, human beings will die out in 2012. Nearly all people think it's impossible, but there are some more earthquakes in recent years.
Animals can predict the weather or other natural events. It may sound strange, but farmers living in the countryside think so. For hundreds of years , they have observed animals.
"Animals ' behavior can be connected to future weather conditions or events." They say. For example, if cows lie down, a rainstorm is coming. There are many traditional stories connecting animals and natural events. Many people think that these stories don't have scientific evidence(  ) at all. Scientists, however, are beginning to take another look at some of these ideas.
A Japanese earthquake researcher named Kiyoshi Shimamura noticed an increase in dog bites a short time before earthquake hit. Then he did research on twelve public health centers in Kobe, Japan. These health centers treated people after the 1995 earthquake . He got some interesting information about the month before the big earthquake:  treatment for animals' bites had increased . In fact, aggressive behavior in dogs, such as biting and barking loudly , jumped 60 percent.
There are also other changes in animals' behavior before the earthquake. For example, fish began swimming together in large groups , but only in the middle of the water and not near the edges. Birds flew away from their nests for many days, leaving their eggs unprotected . These animals' behavior suggests that animals may be able to predict natural events better than people.
The question is: What would cows behave before a rainstorm?
The possible answers are:
A:Running
B:Biting
C:Lying down
D:SleepingThe greatest sales woman in the world today doesn't mind if you call her a girl. That's because Markita Andrews made more than $80,000 by selling cookies when she was 13 years old.
Andrews and her mother shared a dream of traveling around the world. Once while reading a magazine ad, Andrews found that the person who sold the most cookies could win a free trip for two around the world. She decided to give it a try.
To make her dream come true, Andrews went door to door every day after school and repeated, "Hi, I have a dream. I'm earning a trip around the world for my mom and me by selling cookies. " Then she asked," Would you like to buy one or two dozen boxes of cookies?"
Andrews kept asking for a whole year, no matter how heavily it was raining or snowing outside. Her hard work _ She sold 42,000 boxes of cookies that year and she won her trip around the world.
Andrews is no smarter than thousands of other people. The key to her success is that she has found the secret of selling: Ask, Ask, Ask! Many people fail before they even begin because they fail to ask for what they want.
It takes courage to ask for what you want. And , as Andrews has discovered, the more you ask, the easier ( and more fun) it gets.
,.
The question is: _   gave Andrews the idea to sell cookies.
The possible answers are:
A:An advertisement in the magazine
B:Her dream to travel around the world
C:Her mother
D:Her friendsIt was hard being the younger of two sisters. I got all the hand-me-downs  . I never got to do anything first and my teachers always said, "Oh, you're Jenny's little sister." "No, I am Lauren!" I never liked being the younger. Jenny and I got along with a few fights here and there.
Then a few years ago, Jenny and I were in a car accident. She was okay, but I had a large scar   on my face. I was very sad. Jenny told me I shouldn't worry about the scar.
One day we were riding home from school on the bus. A boy named Jordan made fun of me about my scar. This went on for about a month. Finally I broke down and told Jenny about him. She was angry.
When Jordan made fun of me the next time, Jenny stood up, walked to where he was sitting and said something into his ear. I didn't know exactly what she said, but Jordan never said a single word to me again.
So, even though getting all of the hand-me-downs might not be the best, I was very happy to have a big sister like Jenny.
When anyone asks now, I will tell them, "Yes, I'm Jenny's little sister."
,.
The question is: Why did Lauren hate being the younger of the two sisters?
The possible answers are:
A:Because she could do nothing first.
B:Because Jenny often beat her.
C:Because Jenny always made fun of her.
D:Because Jenny always made her busy.The owner of a missing cat is asking for help. "My baby has been missing for over a month now, and I want him back so badly," said Mrs. Brown, a 56-year-old woman. Mrs. Brown lives by herself in a trailer park near Clovis. She said that Clyde, her 7-year-old cat, didn't come home for dinner more than a month ago. The next morning he didn't appear for breakfast either. After Clyde missed an extra-special lunch, she called the police.
When the policeman asked her to describe Clyde, she told him that Clyde had beautiful green eyes, had all his teeth but was missing half of his left ear, and was seven years old and completely white. She then told the officer that Clyde was about a foot high.
A bell went off. "Is Clyde your child or your pet?" the officer suspiciously asked. "Well, he's my cat, of course," Mrs. Brown replied. "Lady, you're supposed to report missing PERSONS, not missing CATS," said the _ policeman. "Well, who can I report this to?" she asked. "You can't. You have to ask around your neighborhood or put up flyers," replied the officer.
Mrs. Brown figured that a billboard would work a lot better than an 8"x11" piece of paper on a telephone pole. There was an empty billboard at the end of her street just off the interstate  highway. The billboard had a phone number on it. She called that number, and they told her they could blow up a picture of Clyde (from Mrs. Brown's family album) and put it on the billboard for all to see.
"But how can people see it when they whiz  by on the interstate?" she asked. "Oh, don't worry, ma'am, they only whiz by between 2 a.m. and 5:30 a.m. The rest of the day, the interstate is so full of commuters that no one moves." They told her it would cost only $3,000 a month. So she took most of the money out of her savings account and rented the billboard for a month.
The month has passed, but Clyde has not appeared. Because she has almost no money in savings, Mrs. Brown called the local newspaper to see if anyone could help her rent the billboard for just one more month. She is waiting but, so far, no one has stepped forward.
The question is: How long has the cat been missing?
The possible answers are:
A:More than a month
B:More than two months
C:More than three months
D:It's been back.Anna was excited about starting her first day in the new school. However, when she first walked past the students in the school, her excitement turned to fear, and then to loneliness over the next few days. "Why didn't anyone say 'hi' to me or invite me to his or her lunch table? Is it because of my clothes or my hair?" she wondered. Almost every day during the first week, Anna stayed alone, thinking that there must have been something wrong with her or that nobody saw her at all!
What caused Anna's problem? The reason was that nobody knew her. Most people don't like talking with strangers  . So it's your job to volunteer to make contact with people who you want to know. The easiest way to catch their attention is to notice them first. Make eye contact with them and smile at them. When you smile at them, you are doing your best to show your kindness to them, and they are sure to understand that you are saying, "Hey, how's everything going?" In this way, you are taking the first step towards the road to friendship.
When Anna realized this, she started talking to her classmates. Guess what happened? It really worked. She had made two friends by the end of the month.
In fact, saying "hi" or making friends with strangers is not hard. And the joy it brings you is really great. So try to open your heart to strangers!
The question is: What can you learn from the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:Teenagers can't get along well with each other.
B:Loneliness is a common problem these days.
C:Opening our heart to strangers can help us get friends.
D:It's hard to take the first step towards the road to friendship.Although I'm not in my childhood, I still prefer reading fairy tales. They often make me think of some special experiences and feelings. This summer I've reviewed this kind of tales, The Little Prince. It was published in 1940. It's the world-famous fairy tale by the French author Antoine.
"I", the narrator  of the story, is a pilot. His plane has something wrong and lands in the Sahara. The little prince lives on a small planet, and he grows a flower called ROSE there. One day they have a quarrel , so the little prince runs away. On his all-alone journey, he meets different kinds of people. From these people he gets a conclusion  that grown-ups are strange. And with the help of the man he meets, he descends in the Sahara.
This book moved me a lot. It is not only a fairy tale for children and teenagers, but also for grown-ups.
,.
The question is: The best title for this article is "  _  ".
The possible answers are:
A:A fair tale
B:My favourite fairy tale--The Little Prince
C:How to choose the story
D:How I spent my childhoodChloe Lang is a fifteen-year-old American girl. She loves cooking a lot. When she was a little girl, she helped her grandma make meals at home.
A year ago, Chloe wrote a letter to Rachel Ray, a famous host of a TV cookery  show. She asked for a ticket to be one of the audience, but she got nothing. One day in June, Chloe got a phone call from Rachel Ray luckily. One of his programmes is called Cafe One Night and it needed five teen cooks to help in a restaurant for a night.
In mid-July Chloe went to meet Rachel Ray and the other teen cooks. "During our stay with Rachel Ray, we were happy and excited. We were working so hard when they made the records." Chloe says. "We made some wonderful food that night."
Guess who came to eat! When Chloe and her friends saw their guests, they all held their breath, and then they screamed and clapped! In addition to some famous singer stars, the former US President Bill Clinton was also there!
,.
The question is: How did Chloe Lang learn to cook?
The possible answers are:
A:She learnt it by watching TV cookery shows.
B:She learnt it by helping her grandma at home.
C:She learnt it from Rachel Ray.
D:She learnt it by reading cookery books.My name is Joan. I'm a student. I'm fifteen. My dad and mom are teachers. I have a sister. Her name is Lily. She is sixteen.She is a student,too.We are from Canada, but we are in Beijing now. Look! The man in a  white coat is my dad. The woman in a red dress is my mom.The girl in a pink skirt is Lily and I'm in a yellow skirt. Are we cool?
 ,.
The question is: Which of the following sentences is NOT right?
The possible answers are:
A:Joan and Lily are students.
B:Lily is in a pink skirt.
C:Joan is in a yellow skirt.
D:Joan and Lily are in the same class.Life comes in a package.This package includes happiness and sadness, failure and success, hope and _ .Life is a learning process.Experiences in life teach us new lessons and make us a better person.With each passing day we learn to deal with various situations.
Love plays a main role in our life.Love makes you feel wanted.Without love a person could become cruel.In the early stage of our life, our parents are the ones who show us with love and care.They teach us about what is right and wrong, good and bad.But we don't always care about it.It is only after marriage and having kids that a person understands others' feelings.
Happiness can bring people a peaceful mind.No mind is happy without peace.Sadness is the cause of the death of a loved one or the failure.But all of these things will pass away.
Failure is the path to success.It helps us to touch the sky, teaches us to survive and shows us a specific way.Success brings in money, pride and self-respect.
Hope is what keeps life going.Parents always hope their children will do well.Hope makes us dream.Hope builds in patience.Life teaches us not to despair even in the darkest hour, because after every night there is a day.
Life teaches us not to regret over yesterday, for it has passed and is out of our control.Tomorrow is unknown, for it could either be bright or dark. _
The question is: We usually have to accept   _   if we want to be successful.
The possible answers are:
A:love
B:failure
C:sadness
D:hopeTom and Simon were Americans. Once they visited Spain. One day they came into a little restaurant for lunch. They did not know Spanish , and the waiter did not know their American English, either. They wanted the waiter to understand that they needed some milk and eggs. At first Tom read the word "milk"many times. Then Simon spelled it on the table. But the waiter could not understand them at all. At last Tom took out of a piece  paper and began to draw a cow. The waiter looked at it and ran out of   the restaurant.
"How clever you are!" Simon said to Tom, "He understood us at last!" After some time, the waiter came back, he brought no milk with him, but two tickets for a bull-fight  down on their table!
The question is: How many people are there in the story?
The possible answers are:
A:Three.
B:Two.
C:One
D:Many.A group of fifteen-year-old students at Sunshine School are holding a charity sale to raise money to help their classmate Lisa. Lisa had cerebral palsy  when she was a baby. People who have cerebral palsy have trouble walking. Although Lisa has to use a wheelchair  to help her get around, she never gives up. And she is always ready to help others.
"Lisa has the chance of standing up, but she needs an operation  which will cost lots of money." Lisa's doctor said.
"I never thought that I could stand up one day. Actually the news is surprising for me. However, when I see my parents are worried about the cost of the operation, I am sad. I am used to my life. I don't mind if I can't stand up." Lisa said. "Now my classmates and some other kind people are helping me. I am really thankful. If I stood up one day, I could try my best to help more people."
"While helping Lisa, we can also learn a lot. We have learned how to cook cookies  and how to sell them," Betty, one of Lisa's classmates said. "Now we know making money is not easy, so we won't waste money anymore."
Alex, a boy in Lisa's class, told a reporter that they could raise about $100 every day. "We have raised about $2,100 so far. We hope we will raise more money for Lisa's operation." he said.
The question is: What problem does Lisa have?
The possible answers are:
A:She can't speak.
B:She can't stand up
C:She has to stay in bed every day.
D:She can't walk because of a traffic accident.When you finish high school or university, is learning done? The answer is "no". In many countries, people continue learning all their lives. Why is lifelong learning important? How can it help you? Let's look at one example of lifelong learning in Japan.
Why is lifelong learning important?
You go to school and learn. You take tests. But learning doesn't only happen in school. And learning doesn't stop when you graduate from high school or college. You are learning all the time. For example, learning can happen when you go to a museum. It can also happen when you get a job. You learn when you play a sport or when you take a trip. Learning is life! We never stop learning. Every day, you can improve yourself by learning something new.
Lifelong learning in Japan
In Japan, life learning is very important. People in Japan like to try new learning activities. Except music calligraphy, flower arranging, and foreign languages are some of their favorite classes. The Japanese take classes to improve their skills and learn new things.
Conclusion
When we graduate from school, we can continue to learn. Make lifelong learning one of your goals!
The question is: Which of the following is TRUE according to the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:Learning only happens in school.
B:When we graduate from school, learning is done.
C:You can't learn anything when you play a sport.
D:Music, calligraphy, flower arranging and foreign languages are popular classes in Japan.The phone rings. It's a friend who wants to tell you his or her latest health problems. You hate to be impolite and cut your friend off, but what can you do? Stephanie Winston, author of Stephanie Winston's Best Organizing Tips, offers his advice:
Don't ask questions like "What's new?" They give the information that you have time to talk. After "hello", get right to the heart of the matter.
Time your calls wisely. If you make a call right before lunch or dinner, or at the end of the workday, people chat less.
Set a time limit. Start with, "Hi, I've only got a few minutes, but I wanted to talk to you about...." Or, "Gee, I'd love to talk more, but I only have a couple of minutes before I have to leave."
Jump on a pause. Even the most talkative caller has to pause now and then. Quickly say, "It has been great talking with you." Then end the conversation.
Forget niceties. Some people just don't take a hint. Cut your caller off and say, "I'd like to talk to you longer, but I'm afraid I have no enough time. Good bye." Then hang up.
Find "a partner in crime". If nothing else works, ask someone in your home to help you. For example, one woman gives a sign to her husband, who shouts, "Jane, I think the roast chicken is burning."
Avoid the phone completely. Use an answering machine to screen calls. If you have an important message for a chatterbox, leave the message when he or she isn't in.
The question is: "Finding a partner in crime" means   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:finding someone to answer the call
B:getting right to the heart of the matter
C:telling the caller you are just cooking
D:asking someone to help you end the callIt is reported that in the near future robots and humans will probably work together to create jazz. A singing robot is being taught to create jazz with human being in a project.
Antonio Chella from Italy is working with a Telenoid robot. To start with, the Telenoid will be trained to _ the movements and simple sounds made by a human singer, and then connect music with different human emotions.
Previous  robots had the ability to find common connections between things. But Chella suggests that a conscious  robot should be able to go a step further and find new connections. The Telenoid is of this kind.
"This work raises interesting questions about the connection between consciousness and music creating." says Philippe Pasquier, a musician needs a physical body.
Pasquer argues that the robot musician is faced with a big challenge. "Its software has already been developed and it can imitate The Beatles, a famous band. However, what made The Beatles famous were not only their songs but their wonderful performance of the songs," he says.
It is not clear how a robot would perform music a new way. But by imitating humans, the Telenoid robot could provide some useful information. What is important is that human musicians often listen to and compare music made by others for a long time before creating music of their own. So the Telenoid robot had better listen to more jazz music first.
The question is: Which of the following could be the best title of the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:The Telenoid, future robot musician.
B:How to teach robots to perform music.
C:The right music the robots should listen to.
D:Differences between a human singer and a robot musician.In the United States, every year, Thanks-giving Day is on the fourth Thursday in November. Because Canada is on the north of the United States, and is colder, the harvest comes earlier  in the year. In Canada, people have Thanksgiving Day on the second Monday in October.
The harvest brings a lot of food to the people. On Thanksgiving Day people in Canada and America like to have a big meal with their friends and family just like Chinese people do at Mid-autumn festival. Many Canadians and Americans put flowers, vegetables and fruits around their homes to say "Thank you" for the harvest. At a Thanksgiving Day dinner, many Canadians and Americans will eat turkey, potatoes, and pumpkin pie. These are food like the food of many years ago. They are saying "Thank you" for the harvest that comes every year.
The question is: Which of the following is TRUE?
The possible answers are:
A:Canada has Thanksgiving earlier in the year because the harvest comes earlier.
B:The harvest doesn't bring a lot of food to the people.
C:Canada is on the south of the United States.
D:People are saying "Hello" for the harvest on Thanks-giving Day.My English teacher is very funny. He has really long hair and wears an earring   on one ear. He likes to wear purple shirts and orange pants. He also uses all kinds of slang  words from the 1970s. When he likes something, he'll say it's really "groovy" . I think he played the guitar in a rock band when he was young.
One day, he walks into the classroom and sees that there is a new student. He asks him, "Hey, man, what's happening?" The student is very confused, but we all laugh because we know that the teacher is just saying hello. "You're new, aren't you?" the teacher asks. The student is surprised and says to himself, "Is this a teacher? He looks strange." Then he explains to all of us, "Sorry. Maybe I'm in the wrong classroom."
The question is: What does the writer think of his teacher?
The possible answers are:
A:He laughs a lot
B:He is funny
C:He is clever.
D:He talks a lotIf you want to travel with a partner, you may ask for one on the Internet. There are some tips about how to choose a right partner on the Internet:
Unluckily, you can't ask a person if he has a good feeling. If you ask, everyone will tell you that they do! It is important that you have to get to know your travel partner to find out what kind of feeling he really has.
You can tell a lot about a person's feeling by the words he uses. Ask him about his worst trip. Is he laughing about it now, or still unhappy? Does his worst trip sound like an _ to you? If so, he doesn't match you. Having a good feeling is important for having a good time.
Talk about the hotel you would like to stay in. See if you have the same habit of spending holidays. This is such a quick way to find a partner.
What's more? Always keep in contact with  your travelling partner when travelling. Don't simply hang out without telling them, and don't let them do it to you, either.
The question is: The best title for the passage is   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:Have A Happy Holiday
B:Find a Right Partner for Traveling
C:Don't Hang Out Alone
D:Make Sure if Has Good FeelingA young man from a village called Nawalapitiya married a young woman from Maiyuwa, a small village. They lived with the man's big family-his parents, his brothers, their wives and children. The family kept an elephant, in which the woman soon took a great interest. Every day she fed it with fruit and sugar.
Three months later, having quarreled with her husband, the woman went back to her parents' home. Soon the elephant refused to eat and work. It appeared to be ill and heartbroken. One morning after several weeks the animal disappeared from the house.
It went to the woman's home. On seeing her, the elephant waved its trunk and touched her with it. The young woman was so moved by the act of the animal .So she went back to her husband's home.
The question is: After the young woman left her husband's home, the elephant  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:returned to the forest
B:was sad because it missed her
C:went to look for a new home
D:was sick because nobody fed itAt London College, the boys can go to the city in the afternoon. But they must return to the school before six. And Bob doesn't often obey the rule. One afternoon, Bob walked to the city and went to the cinema. When he got to the school, it was eight o'clock. He was a little worried. He ran quickly to the gate. It was closed. He went round the school building to another door. That one was closed, too. Then he saw an open window on the ground floor. It was the head teacher's office. Bob looked into the room, and no one was there. He quickly climbed up and jumped into the room. Just then he heard a voice. He looked around and hid under the sofa. One minute later, Mr. Scott, the head teacher, came in. He turned on the light  and sat down on the sofa. Then he began to read. Bob lay under the sofa and looked at the head teacher's feet for an hour. He could not move. At last the head teacher stood up and walked towards the door. "Thank goodness, he didn't find me under the sofa." thought Bob. Then the head teacher stopped. He turned his head and spoke to the sofa, "Would you mind turning off the light when you leave?" he said and left the office.
The question is: Bob got to the school    _   .
The possible answers are:
A:at eight o'clock in the morning
B:after the given time
C:before the given time
D:on timeDear Zhang Qian,
Thanks for your letter. You want to know about my favorite sport and instrument . Now let me tell you. I like swimming very much, and I like volleyball, basketball, and ping-pang, too. Swimming is my favorite sport. I am good at playing the guitar and the violin, too. My favorite instrument is the violin. I often play the violin on weekends. What about you? What's your favorite sport? Do you like to play the violin or the guitar? Please write to me soon.
Yours,
Li Ping
The question is: _   is Li Ping's favorite sport.
The possible answers are:
A:Swimming
B:Running
C:Jumping
D:the violinIt keeps your insides from falling out. It helps you warm up when you are cold, and it can cool you off when you are hot. It lets you feel things by touch.
What is this? Your skin , of course! What does you skin ask for return for all the wonderful things it does? Just a little care!  So let's learn how to take care of our skin.
Like the heart and stomach, your skin is an organ  .In fact, it is the largest organ in your body.Unless there's a problem, you may not think about your skin very much.But skin has an important job to do.
Your skin is protecting you.Your skin keeps you from getting sick.When you take care of your skin, you are helping your skin do its job.Taking care of your skin today will help you have no problems in the future.
Clean skin is happy skin! One simple way to take care of your skin is to keep it clean.Keeping your hands clean is very important.When washing your hands, use warm water.Wet your hands, and then use soap.You should wash your hands carefully everywhere.
You'll also want to use warm water, but not too hot, when you take a bath.Use soap to clean your body.Don't forget under your arms and behind your ears! Your face needs attention, too.It's a good idea to wash your face once or twice a day with warm water.
The question is: What does this passage mainly talk about?
The possible answers are:
A:Taking care of your skin.
B:Your skin.
C:An important organ.
D:Keeping yourself from getting illIs there someone you hate? Well, maybe you don't really hate them. But
you get really angry every time you think of them. If you don't let this anger go, it can turn into bitterness 
Bitterness appears when we can't forgive  someone who has hurt us or made us angry. Someone might say or do something that hurts us. But Instead of controlling the anger, we keep it deep inside. Before long, a bitter feeling begins to grow. We may think we're hurting that person by criticizing him or her often, but we're really only hurting ourselves.
Bitterness can not only lead to serious health problems such as heart disease, but also hurt our relationships with friends and family members. No one enjoys being around an anger person for very long.
If you see bitterness in your life, here are some ways to deal with it.
Accept it
Instead of trying to
your anger, make it clear to yourself and accept it. See your anger for what it is and quickly deal with it.
Stop making excuses for it
You may feel you have a right to be anger. You may think you're right  and the other person is wrong. You may even secretly enjoy making the other person look bad. But in the end, bitterness hurts you much more than the other person. The bitterness will hold you back, and the other person will go on with his or her life.
Forgive and forget it
You probably can't completely put the anger out of your mind. But you can decide to forgive the other person. Forget it and move on. You'll enjoy better health and peace of mind.
,,
The question is: According to the passage, we might get angry when someone    _   .
The possible answers are:
A:holds us back
B:forgets us
C:doesn't like us
D:does hurt usMany places in the world need more fresh water . Every country is trying to find ways to turn salt water into fresh.
Why aren't there many factories like the Symi factory?
In some places, the sun isn't hot enough, or it doesn't shine every day. In these places other ways to heating  sea water can be used. These ways cost more money, but they work faster than the sun. By boiling  sea water with high heat,a lot of fresh water can be made quickly. But heating is not the only way to get fresh water from salt water. Other ways are tried. One way is freezing . The fresh part of salt water freezes first. To get fresh water, the pieces of ice are taken out.
Which way is best? The one that gives the most water for the least money. It may be a different way for each place.
Symi's way seems very good for small, hot places. It doesn't make very much water at a time. But the factory is easy to build and cost little.
The question is: The Symi factory .
The possible answers are:
A:is a fresh water factory
B:can be built everywhere
C:can make much fresh water at a time
D:doesn't need sunshine every daySwimmers Wanted
Can you swim? Do you like kids? Can you help them with swimming on weekends? Come and join us. Call Jane at 330-8976 for more information .
Chess Club
Do you like to play chess? Mr Chen can teach you. You can come here every Friday afternoon.
Tel: 623-1940
Add: Room 102 in School's P.E. Building
Let's Learn French
Can you speak French? Do you want to learn French? Join the French club now.
Time: 9:00 am--11:30 am(from Monday to Friday)
Call Henry at 543-1248.
Musicians Wanted
Boys and girls, are you music lovers? Can you sing or dance? Can you play any instruments ? Welcome to our Star Rock Band.
Please call Victor at 891-3453 or send an email to music@yahoo.com.
,.
The question is: You love music and you want to be a singer . What can you do?
The possible answers are:
A:Send and email to music@yahoo.com.
B:Call 543-1248
C:Call 330-8976.
D:Go to Room 102 in School's P.E. Building.There was a famous church  in London. It was 110 meters high. The center of the church was like a bell. The ceiling of the church was painted by a famous artist. They built a platform  so that the artist could put up a ladder on it and paint the ceiling. The platform was about 70 meters over the ground.
One day the artist was working hard and nearly finished one popular corner of the ceiling. Also on the platform was his assistant , who was mixing paints. The artist stepped back so that he could see how his work was doing. To have a better look at his painting, he stepped back again. _ 
"What do you think you are doing?" he shouted angrily. "Are you mad ?" His assistant replied, "I saw you walking backwards to have a better look at your painting. But you didn't notice that you reached the very edge  of the platform. You were in great danger. I wanted to make you move forwards. If I had not made you run forwards, you would have fallen backwards off the edge of the platform."
The question is: Why did the artist step back again?
The possible answers are:
A:To have a better look at his painting.
B:To see how his work was doing.
C:To paint a bowl in his painting.
D:To pour some paint on his painting.Welcome to Moonlight Hotel! To make you stay as enjoyable as possible, we hope you will use our facilities  to the full.
Dining Room: Breakfast in the dining room is from 6:30 a.m. Also the room _ may bring breakfast to your room at any time after 6:00 a.m. If you would like this, please fill out a card and hang it outside your door before you go to bed. Lunch is from 11:50 a.m. to 2:30 p.m. Dinner is from 7:30 p.m. to 9:30 p.m.
Room Service: We provide a 24-hour service for you. Call the Reception Desk, you're your message will be passed on to the staff
Telephones: To make a phone call, dial  0 for Reception and ask to be connected . If the lines are busy, please wait and try again. There are also public phones near the Reception Desk. Tell Reception if you need morning calls.
Shop: The hotel shop is open from 9:00 a.m. to 5:30 p.m.
Bar: The hotel bar is open from 10:00 a.m. to 2:00 p.m. and 7:00 p.m. to 1:00 a.m.
Banking: The Reception staff will cash checks  and change any foreign money for you.
The question is: The passage tells us that  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:the hotel offers at least six kinds of services
B:it's not comfortable to stay in the hotel
C:you will have trouble if you carry foreign money
D:you can shop at any time inside the hotelIt is early in the morning, about seven o'clock. Peter is on the bus. He's going to school. There are many people on the bus and it is a bit hot. Peter is sitting by a window with a book in his hands. The bus driver is driving slowly . Most people on the bus are using their mobile phones. A girl in a red sweater is standing near Peter. She looks very happy. She is reading some funny things on her mobile phone. A fat boy behind him is busy playing games on  his mobile phone. A tall man is Jack. He is listening to music on the mobile phone. He's about thirty years old. They are all busy and happy.
The question is: From the passage we know that  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:Peter is going home
B:the bus driver isn't driving fast
C:there are few people on the bus
D:the fat boy is listening to musicLike many people, I have no clear idea about heroes. At some point, we all wonder if we need a hero and what a hero really is.
Although there are a lot of differences in cultures, heroes around the world generally share a number of characteristics   which give us courage and make us want to learn from them.
A hero does something worth talking about. A hero has a special story to tell and people think highly of it. But a hero is not just the person with great fame   .
A hero has powers   larger than himself. Some people want to live like a hero, and they have to experience life with new and further meaning. A sure test for would-be heroes is what or whom they serve. What do they want to live and die for? If the answer suggests they serve only their own fame, they may be famous persons but not heroes.
A hero has a _ from the mountaintop. He has the power to move people. He creates new possibilities. Without Gandhi, India might still be part of Britain. Without Martin Luther King, Jr., Americans might take different buses, eat in different restaurants, go for walks in different parks, and shop in different stores because of the different colors of their skin.
There might be changes in society without a hero, but the speed of change would be rather slow. Thanks to heroes in history, they make the society develop so rapidly.
The question is: According to this passage, a hero is a person who always   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:gives us courage
B:thinks highly of others
C:shares great fame
D:stands on the mountaintopI'm Alfred. I was born with a problem in my backbone and mobility  was a big challenge for me, but thanks to my teachers and friends, my school life was excellent.
My friends and I used to sit together and have lots of fun. Whenever we got a free period, we used to start shouting or play games. I took part in all competitions, such as poetry writing, story writing, painting and all activities on Teachers' Day or somebody's birthday and had much fun.
My English teacher was very tall. The moment she entered the class, we would all sit quietly and open the books. She would encourage me by giving me important assignments and also morning news to read during the assembly. She would come down and listen to my English debate , which made me take part in all debate competitions.
The same was true of my biology and science teacher. She was very nice and sweet. She would always give me extra information on the biology project. I could not go to the lab for experiments, so she would bring the lab down and help me with the biology and science experiments and would give me excellent marks.
My friends made me monitor and the naughty boys listened to me. My friends used to help me with my notes when I was absent . My teachers always gave me important project work and I felt proud when they _ after I finished it quickly and correctly. I was never shouted at or made fun of or scolded  by any of my friends and teachers.
Today I often see the terrible punishments given to students on TVs. I feel very sad.
I really want to express my love and thanks to all my wonderful teachers and friends, without them my school life would not have been so excellent and unforgettable.
The question is: How many Alfred's teachers are mentioned in the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:One.
B:Two.
C:Three.
D:Four.Do you learn from your mistakes? I hope so. But have you ever made the same mistake twice? I have.Sometimes I make the same mistake three or four times!
Sometimes,good things happen because of mistakes.Once I got on the wrong train.That was a big mistake.But on that train,I saw a good friend.I was so happy I made that mistake!
Another time I ruined a surprise.My mother planned a surprise party for my father.She told me it was a secret.But I was just a little boy and I couldn't keep the secret.I told my father about the party.At first,my mother was mad at me.But then my father said he was happy he knew about it.He said he didn't like surprises.
When a good thing comes out of a mistake,that's a happy accident!
The question is: The boy saw   _   on the wrong train.
The possible answers are:
A:his friend
B:his father
C:his mother
D:his teacher.The Blacks are American tourists. They visits now in Beijing. This is their first visit to China. They are going to stay in China for three months. They want to visit some big cities and villages. They hope to learn some Chinese, too.
Mr Black is a taxi driver. He likes to drive in Beijing. Mrs Black is a school teacher. She is visiting a city school today and a village school tomorrow. Their daughter is a middle school student. She is going to meet some Chinese students.
They are taking a lot of pictures in China. When they return to America, they are going to show the pictures to their friends. They want the American people to know more about China.
The question is: Mr Black is  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:a teacher
B:a doctor
C:a taxi driver
D:a workerThe rainbow lorikeet   is a kind of parrot in the northeast of Australia. It is the most colorful and noisy bird in the world. The bird has green, orange, blue, red, yellow, purple and grey colors on its body.
Rainbow lorikeets are small birds. They are usually 11 to 12 inches long and weigh 120g to 140g. It is said that they can live for over 20 years in the wild.
They usually live in groups. At night, they sleep in the trees in a big group. But during the daytime, they move in much smaller groups (about 20 birds). Late in the evening, you can sometimes see a larger group flying back home.
These birds spend a lot of time looking for food. Most of their food comes from trees, like flowers, nuts and fruit. But sometimes they eat insects. They can get water from the leaves that they eat or drink water directly.
Rainbow lorikeets usually start to have families when they are around two years old. When they have baby birds, both the parents help to feed them.
The question is: Where can we find rainbow lorikeets?
The possible answers are:
A:On the beaches of Canada.
B:In the south of Australia.
C:In the northeast of Australia.
D:Everywhere in the world.Many strong and out-of-control emotions are recognized as an illness. People who are always very sad have depression  ; those who worry a lot have anxiety.
But what about anger problems? Anger is largely viewed as a secondary emotion - one caused by other emotions. People are thought to be angry because they are sad, anxious or stressed. In the past, many doctors didn't accept the idea that anger could be a problem all on its own.
Today, though, a growing number of mental health experts think that anger is a serious problem that needs its own treatment.
How to tell the difference between "normal" anger and "anger problem" is difficult. After all, everyone gets really mad from time to time. Experts point out a few ways.
Disordered anger, as it is sometimes called, tends to be of greater intensity  . It takes very little to set off a person with an anger problem, and their responses   are very strong. An example: While most people would get upset if a driver cut them off, someone with disordered anger might try to chase down the car and force it off the road.
And in cases of disordered anger, the person gets angry more frequently and his/her anger lasts longer. For most people, angry feelings disappear quickly. But people with anger problems often stay angry for days, weeks or even years; their feelings of anger don't disappear over time.
 _ are also important to consider: Disordered anger often damages people's lives. "It interferes   with people's relationships and their jobs," says Raymond Chip Tafrate, a US psychologist. "Even their health is affected."
Anger clearly increases the risk of certain health problems, as many studies have shown. "When a person is angry, their heart beats faster and their blood pressure goes up," says Howard Kassinove, a professor at Hofstra University in New York. Over time, these changes take their toll on the body, he adds.
Experts suggest that people with an anger problem take anger-management programs. The programs teach people to control their responses to stressful situations through the use of relaxation techniques. The programs sometimes include life-skills training as well: increasing someone's level of competence  - whether on the job or as a parent or partner - helps bring down stress and cut angry feelings.
The question is: A person who   _   most possibly has disordered anger in the experts' opinion?
The possible answers are:
A:can't get out of anger quickly
B:is dissatisfied with relationships
C:has high blood pressure
D:is worried about his jobOne day Tom borrowed a pot  from his neighbour, Ali. The next day he brought it back with another little pot inside.
"That's not mine," said Ali.
"Yes, it is." said Tom, "While your pot was staying with me, it had a baby."
Some time later, Tom asked Ali to lend him a pot again. Ali said yes, hoping that he would once again get two pots in return. However, days passed and Tom still did not give the pot back. Finally Ali was angry and went to ask for it.
"I am sorry," said Tom, "I can't give it back to you because it died."
"Died!" cried Ali, "How can a pot die?"
"Well," said Tom, "you believed me when I told you that your pot had a baby."
The question is: Who was the owner of the pot?
The possible answers are:
A:Tom.
B:Tom and Ali.
C:The baby.
D:Ali.I'm Alfred. I was born with a problem in my backbone and mobility was a big challenge, but thanks to my teachers and friends, my school life was excellent.
My friends and I used to sit together and have lots of fun. Whenever we got a free period, we used to start shouting or play games. I would take part in all competitions, such as poetry writing, story writing and painting and all activities like Teachers' Day or anybody's birthday and had much fun.
My English teacher was very tall. The moment she would enter the class, we would all sit quiet and open the books. She would encourage me by giving me important assignments and also morning news to read during the assembly. She would come down and hear my English debate , which made me participate in all debate competitions.
The same was true of my biology and science teacher. She was very nice and sweet. She would always give me extra information on the biology project. I could not go to the lab for the practicals (lessons or exams in science, cooking etc. in which you have to do or make something yourself rather than write or read about it), so she would bring the lab down and help me with the biology and science practicals and would give me excellent marks.
My friends made me monitor and the naughty boys listen to me. My friends used to help me with my notes if I was absent. My teachers always gave me important project work and I felt proud when they _ after I finished it quickly and correctly.
I was never shouted at or made fun of or scolded  by any of my friends and teachers. Today I saw the terrible punishments given to students on television news. I felt very sad.
I really want to express my love and thanks to all my wonderful teachers and friends, without whom my school life would not have been so excellent and unforgettable. I really pray to God that each child in the world is blessed with caring teachers and wants to attend school every day.
The question is: Alfred's problem in his backbone   _   .
The possible answers are:
A:made him have fewer friends than others
B:prevented him enjoying an excellent school life
C:left him feeling down all the time in his life
D:made it impossible for him to move freelySue is an English girl. She is twelve years old today. She has a birthday party now. Her friends Amy, Lily and Kate come to her home.
Sue: Sit down and have a cup of tea.
Her friends: Thank you. Happy birthday, Sue!
Amy: Here is a cake for you. I'm sorry it's too small. The shop doesn't sell the big ones and Lily likes it very much.
Lily: Here is a card for you. Happy birthday to you, Sue!
Kate: Sue, this hat is my gift for you. Do you like it?
Sue: Thank you very much. I like all of your gifts for me. Let's sing and eat the cake.
A little dog on TV: Happy birthday! Do I smell  birthday cake?
"Ha! Ha! Ha!" They jump with joy and begin the birthday party. Sue is blowing   out the candles on the birthday cake. And all her friends are singing, "Happy birthday to you! Happy birthday..."
The question is: Whose birthday is it?
The possible answers are:
A:It's Kate's.
B:It's Sue's.
C:It's Amy's.
D:It's Lily's.If a snake bites you, take a photo with your mobile phone! It save your life. This is the surprising advice of a British cook. One day Henry Jackson was working in a restaurant kitchen. He picked up a dish from a table, and suddenly a snake appeared and bit him on the hand. A few days earlier, the snake came to the restaurant from Asia in a box of bananas. It climbed out of the box and hid under the dish. " I tried to pick it up and it bit me. I threw it away, but it landed in the fridge. So I closed the door." Jackson said. Anyway, Jackson was cool and he took a photo of the snake with his mobile phone. Soon his hand began to ache and he went to hospital. Then his chest began to hurt. Doctors couldn't say what was wrong because they didn't know what kind of snake it was.
Then Jackson remembered his mobile phone photo. The doctors sent it to London Zoo. When they knew the kind of snake, they could give Jackson the right medicine, and he left hospital the next day. " So my advice is this: If a snake bits you, pick up your phone. Take its photo first and then call the hospital. Show the photo to the doctors," suggests Mr. Jackson. " Oh, and if the snake doesn't smile for its photo, don't worry!"
The question is: Mr. Jackson closed the fridge door so that  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:he could take a photo
B:the snake couldn't go back to the zoo
C:the snake became cool
D:he was safe from the snakeA Bite of China
Are you an eating-lover? Do you want to eat every delicious food in the world? Then do you watch the popular program A Bite of China? It's a TV program on Chinese delicious food which has been produced by CCTV. Is there any holiday that isn't celebrated with special festival food? Here are several traditional Chinese foods:
Noodles are a symbol of long life in Chinese culture. They are as much a part of Chinese birthday celebration as a birthday cake with its candles lit in many western countries. Since noodles mean long life, it is considered very unlucky to cut it off.
Although westerners sometimes may be very sorry to see fish lying on the plate, in China a whole fish is a symbol of richness. In fact, at a party it is a tradition to serve the whole fish last, pointed towards the most valued guest. Fish also has a special meaning because the Chinese word for fish, yu, sounds like the word for richness or plenty, and it is believed that eating fish will help your wishes come true in the year to come.
A very popular dish during the Dragon Boat Festival is Zongzi. This tasty dish is made of rice dumplings with meat, peanuts or other delicious food in bamboo leaves. The tradition of Zongzi is meant to remind us of a great man, Qu Yuan in Chinese history.
The question is: Fish has a special meaning in Chinese culture mainly because   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:it is served last at a party
B:it is pointed to the valued guest
C:it sounds like the word yu in Chinese
D:it is so delicious that all Chinese people like itSydney Tower
Address: 100 Market St, Sydney    Phone: 02 9333 9222
Fax: 02 9333 9203   Open time: 9:00 a.m. t0 10:30 p.m. (Saturdays t0 11:30 pm)
Ticket: $60 (for an adult) $30 (for a child)    Website: _ 
How to get there: train to Town Hall Station and a short walk along Market Street
How to book tickets: by phone/fax or through the web
Attractions: Sydney's best views are just the beginning! Sydney Tower takes you to the highest point above Sydney for exciting 360deg view of our beautiful city.
The question is: If you want to book a ticket to Sydney Tower, you can't  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:email sydneytower @ hotmail. com
B:fax 02 9333 9203
C:search www.sydneytower.com.au
D:call 02 9333 9222Michael Jordon is the greatest basketball player of all time. Once he was making a television advertisement, all he needed to do was to miss a shot.
For Michael, this was difficult. He had conditioned  himself to succeed whenever he was throwing the ball. Every time he threw a basketball, it went in. Every time he tried to miss a shot, he couldn't. In total, it took him over 20 attempts   before he missed a shot.
For Michael, success is a strong habit. It took him a lot of time to break it. Just like drinking, smoking and collecting things, success is also a habit. Once it is formed, it is difficult to break. Many people think that success is difficult to keep. They feel that it will be hard work and will need too much action and focus. The truth is that it is simply a habit, and as easy to keep as any other habit.
Spend some time making success a habit in your life. Once you have developed it, it is not something you want to change again.
The question is: If you want to succeed , you must  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:miss the shot
B:make success a habit
C:keep throwing
D:make an advertisementHello! I'm Sandy .I'm a Grade 8 students.I study at a secondy school .Now let me tell you about my school life. I get up at 6:15 a.m.Then I have my breakfast at six thirty. I go to school by bus .My home is about five kilometers away.from school.This often takes me 20 minutes.The first school begins at eight every morning.I usually have four classes in the morning and two in the afternoon.Each class lasts 45 minutes .I have lunch at school .I often eat rice ,meat and many vegetables.Then I can sleep about half an hour.After class, I play volleyball or football with my classmates.School is over and I go home.I spend an hour on my homework .I watch TV for half an hour .
The question is: .How long does it take her to take a bus every morning?
The possible answers are:
A:20minutes.
B:20seconds.
C:20hours.
D:20days.Almost every child in big cities has the chance to go to school. Nine years' studying helps children to prepare for their future lives. In fact, many students can study for more than nine years. Not all children are so lucky.
There is a girl called Xiao Fang. She is eight years old and lives in a small village in Guangxi. When she was younger, she wanted to go to school, but she could not because her family was too poor. The schools were too expensive, so her parents kept her at home. Instead of studying, Xiao Fang worked in the fields with her parents.
Then Project Hope heard about Xiao Fang. It agreed to help Xiao Fang to go to school. Her wish came true, and now she is studying in a school. Unluckily, there are many thousands of children who can not go to school. You can help these children.
Project Hope also helps to repair school buildings.
All this good work costs money. Project Hope needs your help. If you give Project Hope Y=300, we can pay for one child to go to school for a whole year. With more money, Project Hope can build new schools. The money buys good desks, chairs, blackboards and books. To help us is to help Xiao Fang and many other children to have a good start in life.
The question is: Xiao Fang didn't go to school when she was younger because  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:her family was too poor
B:she didn't like school
C:there was too much work for her to do
D:she could learn nothing at schoolOne weekend, a wife and a husband went to visit a shop in London. After they got back home, they couldn't find their camera. They thought the camera must be in the shop. After a few weeks,they went to that shop again and the boss gave their camera back to them.
When their picture of the camera came out, the husband saw two pictures he did not take. One isa man standing at the door of the shop. In his hand there is a piece of paper with some words onit "I find your camera". The other is a boy with a piece of paper in his hand. There are somewords on the paper too, "I take the pictures."
The question is: The husband saw   _   pictures he didn't take.
The possible answers are:
A:two
B:three
C:four
D:noThese classmates all had good jobs and made lots of money. They talked happily. Then their talk soon turned to complaining about the stress   in work and life. The teacher went to the kitchen and came back with a large pot of coffee and many cups--china   ones, plastic ones and glass ones. Some are plain   looking, some are expensive and some are lovely. The teacher told them to help themselves to the coffee.
When all the students had a cup of coffee in hand, the teacher said, "Can you notice that all of you took nice-looking expensive cups, leaving behind the plain and cheap ones? You want only the best for yourselves, and that is the source   of your problems."
"What all of you really wanted was coffee, not the cup, but you went for the best cups and then began looking at each other's cups."
"Now think about this: life is the coffee, and the jobs, money and position   in society are the cups. They are just tools to hold, and do not change the life. Sometimes, by caring only about the cups, we fail to enjoy the coffee. So don't let the cups drive you, and enjoy the coffee instead."
The question is: What can we learn from the teacher's words?
The possible answers are:
A:We should use the plain and cheap cups to drink coffee.
B:We should think much of cups.
C:We should care about life itself instead of unimportant things.
D:We should learn how to work out problems in our work and life.Different countries have different customs in giving presents.
In China you must never give a clock to a Chinese person, because the sound of the word for "clock" is similar to the sound of "death". Also, don't wrap(......) a present in white, black or blue paper, because they are the colours for funerals . Don't give a knife, because something sharp can cut a friendship.
In Russia if you give flowers as presents, you have to give an odd number of them (one, three, five, etc.) because even numbers of flowers are for funerals.
In Germany if you are invited to dinner, flowers are good presents to take to your dinner hostess  , but don't take her red roses because it means you are in love with her. Don't take thirteen of anything because it's an unlucky number. Don't take an even number of anything, either. Don't wrap your presents in white, brown, or black paper.
The question is: According to the passage,   _   must never be given to Chinese people as presents.
The possible answers are:
A:flowers
B:clothes
C:food
D:clocksAlice: Good morning, Bob.
Bob: Good morning, Alice.
Alice: Bob, this is Grace.
Bob: Hi, Grace.
Grace: Hi, Bob.
Alice: Oh, what is that?
Bob: It's my green key.
Alice: What's this?
Bob: It is a ruler.
Alice: Is it your   ruler?
Bob: No. My ruler is red. This ruler is blue.
Alice: Grace, is it your ruler?
Grace: Oh no. It is Frank's ruler.
Alice:40 .
The question is: The ruler is   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:Alice's
B:Bob's
C:Grace's
D:Frank'sWe pick up your children at school and give them a safe place to play,do homework,and learn after school.
Experienced Teachers/Lunch&Snacks/Toys&Books
Ages 6 to 12
Our Programs:*Languages  *Maths *Computer  *Music
Open 11:00 am to 7:00 pm,Mon.to Fri.
26 Market Road,Star City
(between First Street and Second Street,next to the Flower Market)
TEL:8765--4321
The question is: Mrs Green can send her daughter Lucy to Little Rabbit except   _
The possible answers are:
A:6:00 pm on Friday
B:7:00 am on Wednesday
C:11:00 am on Tuesday
D:12:00 am on MondayIt was the first day of class. Two of her new ESL (English as a Second Language) classmates wanted to know where Tara was from. They were both from Korea. Because Tara looked Korean, one of the women asked Tara, in English, if she was from Korea. Tara replied, "No, I'm not." Then the women took turns asking Tara if she was from Japan, or Thailand, or China. To each question, Tara answered them a simple no. Laughing, one woman said to the other, "She's not from anywhere!" The two went to their desks, talking to each other in Korean.
The next day, the teacher divided the students into groups of four. The students in each group asked introductory questions of each other. A student in Tara's group asked her, "Where are you from?" Tara answered that she was from Korea. The two women who had questioned Tara the day before were sitting only a few feet away. Both of them heard Tara's answer.
"Aha!" they both _ , "You ARE from Korea!" Tara smiled and said yes. Then she apologized to both of them for lying the day before. She told them that she had not wanted to get into a Korean conversation with them. It had been her experience that many ESL students continued to speak their mother language in ESL class, and Tara had not come to ESL class to practice her Korean. In her opinion, ESL students should try to speak English only.
"I agree." said Rose.
"You're 100 percent right." agreed Jenny, "Rose and I must stop speaking Korean to each other. Right,Rose?" Rose nodded,and then said something in Korean. All three women laughed.
The next half a year, Tara became friendly with both women, although she never spoke a word of Korean to them during class or break.
The question is: From the passage, we can infer that  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:Tara said she was from Korea because she knew the student in her group was also from Korea
B:Tara said she was from Korea because she wanted to make friends with the student in her group
C:Tara said she wasn't from Korea because she didn't want Rose and Jenny to speak Korean with her the following days
D:Tara said she wasn't from Korea because she didn't like Rose and Jenny and wasn't willing to speak Korean with themMr. Green and his wife had a dog. When they went out, they always left the dog inside the house. One evening they wanted to go to the cinema, so they left the dog in the house and locked the door and their garden gate. They went off in their car.
When the film was finished, they went home. They opened the gate and put the car away. When they came to the front door, they found that the glass in the door was broken. The door was not locked and it was open. A robber! They went in and quickly looked in all the rooms to see if the robber had taken their things. However, everything was in the right place and nothing at all was missing.
The dog was sleeping in the sitting-room. The wife was angry with the dog."Why didn't you guard the house?"she said. The dog was pleased to see Mr. and Mrs. Green. It began to wag its tail and then it went to a comer of the room and picked up something in its mouth. It went to the wife and dropped the thing at her feet. When she went to pick it up, she was very surprised. Can you guess what the dog's present was ?It was a man's finger!
The end of the story is this. Mr. Green telephoned the police and told them everything. Three days later the police caught the robber. They found him easily.
The question is: That evening Mr. Green and his wife   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:took their dog to see a film
B:left the dog alone at home
C:went home before the film was finished
D:locked the door and could not open itShe's a lovely girl. She has long and black hair. She is quite tall and slim. Her eyes are bright and black. She is 13 years old.
She is good at singing. She likes listening to music. She is S.H.E.'s fan . Do you know Conan? He is a little detective .The lovely girl also likes him.
Oh, sorry. I forget to tell you who the girl is. It's me. I'm a lovely girl. You can call me Kacely or Kacelin.
Now I study at Sunshine Middle School. I'm in Class 1, Grade 7. Every day, I get up at 6:00 a.m. The classes begin at 7 o'clock. I like lunchtime because I can chat with my friends at that time. After school, I usually play badminton with my friends. I like playing badminton and I am good at it.
I want to be a superstar  when I grow up.
The question is: Kacely is a   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:student
B:teacher
C:worker
D:detectiveIn the United States, people like going camping for vacation. They do everything for themselves to relax in the woods instead of staying at a modern hotel or a restaurant. They enjoy themselves far away from the noisy cities for a few days.
What should you prepare if you want to go camping like them? When you are camping, you make all of your own food. Barbeques  are very necessary while camping. You can bring bread, drinks, meat and vegetables to the camp. You'd better bring some wood and a lighter  to _ . Remember to put stones around the fire to make sure it won't get too big and dangerous. When the fire is ready, you can cook food over it.
Children really like this activity at night. The whole family sit around the fire, eat their favorite food. Certainly they can sing songs and dance together. What a pleasant and exciting moment.
Camping is a fun activity for the family to do. Vacation does not have to mean going to visit a place far away. It could be as simple as setting up a tent in the nearby woods.
The question is: What can we know from the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:Camping is popular in China.
B:You needn't prepare the food for yourselves while camping.
C:Children like camping very much at night.
D:We shouldn't go camping for it's dangerous.Teachers Wanted
Do you like kids? We need a teacher for our son. He's six years old. We want you to work from March to November, 3 pm. to 6 pm., but you don't need to work in July and August. You can get Y= 30 an hour  . Sometimes we want you to work on weekends, and you can get Y=45 an hour.
You need to:
*Help our son with Chinese.
*Read to him.
*Play with him.
*Go to movies with him.
You need to work at my home. We live in   Taipei Road, next to the Zhongshan Bus Station .
Please call (02)2956-4938. Ask Miss Liu.
The question is: The teacher can work for   _   months at this family.
The possible answers are:
A:six
B:seven
C:eight
D:nineWith more and more farmers working in big cities, their children go into the cities, too.However, problems appear. One of these problems is that is difficult for these children to receive education in cities.
Luckily, there are some free schools for them, but they are not enough. Ten-year-old Li Xin is one of the lucky girls who get a chance to study in one of these schools. She is very happy. She studies in a school specially for migrant workers' children. For children like Li Xin who don't have enough money, these free schools are their best choice, because they have free classes, textbooks, uniforms and meals in the schools.
But there is a long way to go. The free schools for children from migrant workers' families are not enough because to _ such a school is not easy and needs lots of money. A school officer said they needed at least one million yuan to run the school. "Luckily, some people and companies donate money, used books and a lot of other things to help us. There are also some volunteers teachers," he added.
Anyhow, we must try to give these children an equal chance to get better education so that we can make our society harmonious .
The question is: The passage mainly talks about  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:what jobs migrant workers can do in big cities
B:the development of big cities
C:helping migrant workers' children go to school
D:what difficulties those free schools face nowBlack wallet with some money.
Come to Room 502 in the evening, or call 9796788.
WANTED IMMEDIATELY
A boy or a girl to deliver newspapers
Pay: $ 10 per day
Hours: 3:30 a.m. to 8:30 a.m. from Mon. to Sat.
For more information
Call Mr. Jones on 8947659     Call Jeff on 3338651
SINGLES'  CLUB
A club for single people looking for new friends.
Ages: 25-40
Activities: parties, swimming, concerts, dances, etc
We meet every Friday at 8:30 p.m.
28 Garden Street        Tel: 7026449    E-mail: singleclub@yahoo.com
The question is: If you get the job of delivering newspapers, how much can your earn every week?
The possible answers are:
A:$ 50
B:$ 60
C:$ 70
D:$ 80Do you like animals? Come to Xinxin zoo to see the Australian koalas and lions from South Africa. The American tigers are waiting for you. Do you want to see penguins? They are kind of interesting. We also have very cute pandas, but they are a little shy, so please be very quiet. You can play with the dolphins. They are smart and cute. Do you like the giraffes? They are fun. And there are many other animals, too. It's really exciting!
Tickets :Grown--ups :Y=2.00
Students of 6--12:Y=1.00
Time:  Monday--Friday:   9:00 a.m--4:00 p.m
Saturday--Sunday:8:00 a.m--5:00 p.m
Don't give food to the animals.
The question is: Where are the tigers from ?
The possible answers are:
A:Australia
B:American
C:England
D:ChinaTiger  and horse performance
You can see the terrible tigers and gentle horses at Fuzhou Zoo. Keep away from the tigers . Sometimes they aren't friendly enough .You can ride the horse and take photos .
Time :Feb .1--Feb .3         Tel : 87324568
Adult :   60Y=              Child :   30Y=
Bear and lion performance
You can see fat black bears and scary  lions at Chengdu Zoo.  They will perform many activities. If you are not brave enough , you shouldn't come to see them . (children under 6 aren't allowed to come )
Time ;Feb. 2 _ ----Feb . 5   Tel : 85897043
Adult : Y=50               Child :Y=25
Dolphin performance
You can see lovely dolphins at Dalian Zoo . The dolphins will jump out of the water and give you a performance . If you can swim , you are also allowed to come into the water and play with them with the help of the trainers .
Time : Feb .4 _ Feb.8      Tel: 83126094
Adult :Y=80             Child :Y=4o
,.
The question is: Which of the following is NOT  true ?
The possible answers are:
A:The price of the bear and lion performance is the lowest of the three,
B:If you want to know about African animals ,you can go to Chengdu zoo.
C:Wang Hua can see three kinds of animal performance on Feb.7.
D:TOM is three years old , so he can't go to see the tiger and horse performance .Dear Tom,
I don't have a good time at my new school.There are too many rules at my school.We have to get to school at seven o'clock every morning.We can't play games in the classroom after class.We can't listen to music in the hallways.I don't like playing the piano,but I have to learn the piano in the music class.And we have to wear uniforms at school.We also can't eat outside.and we have to eat in the dining hall.The food there is awful.I can't stand  the rules here.I never have fun.What can I do?
Bob
The question is: Can Bob listen to music at school?
The possible answers are:
A:Yes,he can.
B:We don't know.
C:He can listen to music in the hallways.
D:No,he can't.In my life, I have received many gifts from my mother. The most important was my life. However, there's another special gift I will never forget.
When I grew up, I left home and got a job in South America. One day , a call came from my brother, "Something is wrong with Mom. She's forgetful  . She thinks we're hiding   you from her..."
I got back home at once. It was clear that she would not be able to stay in the house alone.
For nearly 4 years I stayed with my mother and we had fun. We even planted some vegetables together in the garden. It was not easy for me. I had to stop working. When I had to leave , I had to ask someone to look after her or drive her to my brother's.
When it became clear that she was near the end, family memebers were called to come to say their good byes. For 3 weeks my sister and I just sat with Mom, took long walks and spent some real time with each other. My sister and I were both with Mom when she was passing away  , holding her hands and telling her how much we loved her. At the end of life, my mother gave me the gift of time with my sister in a way we would never have given ourselves.
The question is: The writer's family memebers were called   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:to say good bye to Mother
B:to take care fo Mother
C:to help Mother do some housework
D:to have a family get -togetherOn a hot summer day, a little boy decided to go for a swim in the lake behind his house.
In a hurry to swim in the cool water, he ran out of the back door, leaving behind his shoes, socks, and shirt as he went. He flew into the water, not noticing  
that in the middle of the lake, a crocodile   was swimming to the bank. His mother in the house saw the two as they got closer and closer. She quickly ran to the lake, shouting to her son as loudly as she could.
Hearing her voice, the little boy swam quickly to his mother, but he was too slow. Just as he reached her, the crocodile reached him, too.
The mother caught her little boy by the arms just as the crocodile caught his legs. There was a tug of war   between the two. The crocodile was much stronger than the mother, but the mother didn't give up. A farmer happened to drive by. He heard her shouts, and then tried his best to kill the crocodile.
After spending weeks in the hospital, the little boy felt well. His legs were scarred   by the animal and on his arms there were deep scars, too. His mother's hands had deeper scars because she wouldn't let go.
The newspaper reporter interviewed the boy. He asked the boy if he would show him his scars. The boy said to the reporter proudly, "Look at my arms. I have great scars on my arms. I have them because my mom wouldn't let go."
The question is: Who killed the crocodile in the end?
The possible answers are:
A:The boy.
B:A farmer.
C:The boy's mother.
D:The boy's father.After Mr. and Ms. Smith spent a happy morning at the zoo with Joe, their four-year-old grandson, they stopped at a restaurant and then went into it for lunch. When the waiter passed them some menus,Mr. Smith reached into his pocket for his glasses. He was disappointed   to find that they were lost. "I know where your glasses are, Grandpa, " said the grandson.
"Where?" asked Mr. Smith happily.
"They are at the zoo." Joe answered. "When you took me off the train near the elephants,they fell out of your pocket."
Mr.Smith was a little angry and he asked,"Joe,if you saw my glasses fall out of my shirt, why didn't you tell me?"
"Well,Grandpa," said Joe, "after you put your foot on them, I didn't think you wanted them any more."
The question is: The glasses fell out of the pocket when   _   .
The possible answers are:
A:Mr. Smith got into the zoo
B:Mr. Smith hurried into the restaurant
C:Joe was taken off the train near the elephants
D:they were getting on the trainIt was once thought that only time could mend a broken heart, but now scientists think taking a couple of aspirin might be the best way to get over a break-up.
Previous studies have shown that people experience feelings of romantic rejection   in the same way that they experience physical pain. And Psychology Professor Water Michel, of Columbia University, also believes that the psychological pain of ending a relationship is similar to physical pain, and should be treated like any other injury. "When we speak about rejection experiences in terms of physical pain, it is not just a metaphor - the broken heart and emotional pain really do hurt in a physical way," he said. "When you look at a picture of the one who broke your heart, you experience a pain in a similar area of the brain which is activated when you burn your arm. "
Research shows that people who are given a simple painkiller, like aspirin, are able to handle feelings of rejection better than _ given a placebo   .
'Take two aspirins and call me next morning' would be a cold-hearted response to a friend's late-night report of fresh heartbreak, but it has a solid basis in the research.
The question is: According to the passage, maybe taking aspirins can   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:mend a broken heart
B:burn your arm
C:make people feel pain
D:help people get over a break-up.We all dream about things that we would like to do and things we hope to achieve in the future. But are everybody's dreams the same? Here are some of the findings of a survey about hopes and dreams,and thousands of students across China took part in it.
 _ 
We received several different answers to the question:What would you like to do after finishing your education? It seems some students would like to start work as soon as possible, so that they can help provide better lives for their parents. Other students hope to continue studying after finishing school and to go to university. Although money is important, many teenagers said they want to do jobs they enjoy. According to the survey, the most popular choice of job is computer programming.
 _ 
Teenagers have all kinds of dreams. Some are more realistic  than others. For example, many students said they would like to be volunteers if Beijing could hold the World Cup, maybe working as translators or tour guides. And quite a few said they dream of going to the moon one day. According to the survey, less realistic dreams are also common, but many students reported that they were willing to work hard to achieve their dreams. Quite a few dream of becoming famous, perhaps famous sports people or singers. Some said they'd like to go on exciting trips; one student said she'd love to sail across the Pacific Ocean. And then there are dreams that are impossible; three students said they'd like to be able to fly!
 _ 
It was clear from the survey that teenagers have similar hopes. It seems that most students hope to have a good education and find a good job. Besides,students dream of very different things:good things, and even crazy things. It is very important to dream, so hold on your dreams; one day they may just come true.
The question is: Some students would like to start work to   _   as soon as possible.
The possible answers are:
A:find jobs they enjoy
B:achieve their dreams
C:to help look after their families
D:make money to go to universityA: Recently, the word "clone" appeared very often in the newspapers. Do you know its meaning?
B: Not exactly, I read a report in yesterday's newspaper. It said there was a Scottish Dolly. It was the first time that a cloned lamb had been made from an adult sheep.
A: Actually, the word "clone" means to produce the "same" animal by taking cells from an adult one, I think, if we know how to do cloning, we need only keep a small number of sheep, cows or horses.
B: There's more to it. Recently there have been some people who ever want to clone humans.
A: It seems interesting. But do you think it is possible to do that?
B: No, I don't think so. First I think we cannot clone a dead person, because the cells in his body are dead already.
A: Then we can clone a living person?
B: Again no! You might clone yourself one after another, but it is only a replica , not real you. It is only something, not a human.
A: Now, you mean that a real human can speak, think and create, and these abilities cannot be cloned?
B: True enough! I think the main purpose of Dr. Lan Wilmot, the "father" of Dolly, is to make better animals. It has nothing to do with human cloning.
,.
The question is: Dolly was the name of  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:an adult sheep
B:a person who did cloning
C:a replica
D:a lamb that was cloned recentlyMost children think it's exciting to have a pet dog.In fact,it's great fun to play with a pet dog.But a few days later,you may cry,"My dog won't stop barking!"or"My pet won't come when I call him!"So,do you really know how to care for dogs?
Chihlren love dogs,and dogs love children,too.You can teach your dog to sit,lie down,and even play games with you,but you should not be _ to him.For example,don't drag him around by the leg or the head,and don't hit him.What's more,when he looks ill,you should take him to the vet .
You can teach your dog to sit without touching him.Here's how to teach him.You can hold a snack above his head and ask him to sit.When your dog sits,tell him"Good boy!"If he walks away instead of sitting,let him smell the food,then move it a little higher and try again.
Soon,your dog will know it's time to sit when he sees you give him his dinner or a snack.Then you can add the word"sit".Use it when you want to give him food or comb his hair.And you know,your pet dog learns quickly!
The question is: Which is the best title for this article?
The possible answers are:
A:Love Your Dog
B:Have a Pet Dog
C:How to Feed Dogs
D:How to Care for DogsMy name is Bill. I'm an English boy. I'm in No.8 High School. Sam is my good friend. He is thirteen. I'm thirteen, too. But we are in different looks. Miss Zhang is my English teacher, and she's Sam' s English teacher, too. We don't know her age . But she looks young. Look at this photo. It is yellow and red. It is mine.
,. . (5,2,10)
The question is: Miss Zhang is   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:Bill' s good friend
B:Sam's mom
C:old
D:youngThe boy began lessons with an old Japanese judo teacher, Mr. Tanaka. The boy was doing well, but his teacher had taught him only one move in three months of training.
"Mr. Tanaka," the boy finally asked, "shouldn't I be learning more moves?"
"This is the only move you know, but this is the only move you'll ever need to know," his teacher replied.
Several months later, Mr. Tanaka took the boy to his first tournament  . The boy won his first three matches, using his one move to win. The boy was now in the finals, and was amazed by his own success.
This time, his opponent   was bigger, stronger, and more experienced. The referee   wanted to stop the match.
"No," the teacher insisted, "let him continue." Soon, his opponent lowered his guard. At that moment the boy used his move to pin   him. The boy won the match and became the champion.
On the way home, the boy and his teacher reviewed every match. Then the boy asked what was really in his mind.
"Mr. Tanaka, how did I win the tournament with only one move?"
"You won for two reasons," his teacher answered. "First, you've almost mastered one of the most difficult throws in all of judo. And second, the only defense   for that move is for your opponent to catch your left arm."
The boy's biggest weakness had become his biggest strength  .
The question is: How did the boy feel when he was in the finals?
The possible answers are:
A:Proud.
B:Surprised.
C:Worried.
D:Happy.Laura Brent is a manager in an important company. She has three children--the eldest is 10, and youngest is three. "My job was only possible because my husband David was prepared to take my place and become a house husband," she says.
More and more couples are finding this arrangement suits them better in today's world, where women are rising to the top of their careers faster and more easily than they did in the past. Many men, on the other hand, like the idea of staying at home and looking after the children. "My children see a lot more of me than I saw of my father when I was young, and I think it's better for them, especially for the boys," says David. "It works just as well for Laura."
"Now I can come home from a hard day at work, and immediately relax with the children, instead of having to do the housework and the cooking," she says.
Is there anything David misses about going out to work?
"Not really. I suppose the worst thing about looking after children and doing the housework is not having a lunch break! It's a lot harder than most men think."
The question is: What does Laura usually do after coming back from work?
The possible answers are:
A:Cook for the family.
B:Take children from school.
C:Take a good rest with the children.
D:Wash dishes and sweep the floor.Many textbooks are not written in the kind of English that we speak every day. In fact, sometimes the reading is so difficult that it almost seems like a foreign language. In a way, it is--the language of science. You should not expect to be able to read a difficult science passage the same way you read an interesting story; you should not expect to read it easily and all at once. Instead, you may have to read it several times through, catching on the meaning of difficult words, going back over difficult sentences, and finally putting the whole thing together. Do not be discourages if the whole passage don't make sense to you at first. You need to pick it apart patiently until you can understand it.
These are the steps to follow when you are reading something difficult:
1. Start to read normally until you _ a sentence that doesn't make sense to you.
2. When a sentence doesn't make sense, go back and read it again more slowly.
3. Look for any word you don't know in the sentence. Try to understand their meanings using word parts and context clues . If necessary, look them up in the dictionary.
4. Look at the next few sentences to see if they explain more about the sentence you are working on. Do not read very much farther ahead until you understand what is being said.
5. Finally, read the sentence again. Try to put it into simpler words.
6. Read through the passage once. Try to understand all the hard parts well. Then read the whole passage once more at a usual speed. This helps you to put all ides together.
The stops sound a lot harder than they are. It is really just the normal way good readers understand anything that is difficult to read. After you have done the best you can this way, you should always feel free to ask for help from your teacher, if you have one.
The question is: The massage is mainly about   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:steps of studying science
B:difficulties in reading science
C:ways of reading science passages
D:researches on science and EnglishThere are 45 students in our class. I have made a survey, 36 students say they like to exercise. Most boys play basketball together twice a week. But girls think basketball is difficult for them, they'd like to play volleyball together twice a week. My friend, Tony, is good at running. He runs fastest in our class. He runs for 30 minutes on the playground every evening before he goes to bed. Is it interesting? Gray is good at swimming. He goes to the swimming club three times a month in winter, and three times a week in summer. So he is pretty healthy. Some of my classmates have good eating habits. They eat both meat and vegetables. 70% of them drink milk every day. 15 students say they drink milk three or four times a week. But some students like to eat junk food, especially Sally. What's worse is that she doesn't like to exercise, so she is very fat. She always says " I'm going to lose weight  tomorrow."
The question is: Why is Sally so fat?
The possible answers are:
A:Becauseshedoesn'tliketoexercise.
B:Becauseshelikestoeatjunkfoodverymuch.
C:Becausesheeatstoomuchmeat,butdoesn'texercise.
D:Becauseshedoesn'tliketoexercise,andshelikestoeatjunkfood.The days are getting shorter and shorter, and temperatures are dropping. Winter is coming and it is easy for people to catch flu. Many people have started taking vitamin C pills as a precautionary way. But a research has shown that vitamin C pills do not provide as much protection as they think. They are even not as good as other ways, like often washing your hands. Some German scientists have given people information and a test on the subject helping to stop incorrect ways.
Whether it is caused by cold or flu , a runny nose and sore throat are signs of catching a cold. Many people overestimate  the advantages of vitamin C and other pills. For years it was believed that taking vitamin C pills not only provided protection against colds but also against cancers, helping people to live longer. But the result of the research showed disagreement on these beliefs . The result has now come out on the website wwww.informedhealthonline.org. "Some pills may not help people live longer. Some pills may even lead to earlier death," says Professor Peter Sawicki. Scientists also say that the best way to get vitamins is through food instead of having vitamin pills. That is to say, we disagree with the way of taking vitamin C pills.
There are many simple but useful ways to lower the risk of catching a cold. These include often washing your hands with normal soap  and water and not touching your face with your hands. People who have already had a cold can stop it from spreading by throwing away tissues  at once after using them and not shaking hands with other people.
The question is: _   is NOT an effective way to lower the risk of catching a cold.
The possible answers are:
A:Not touching your face with your hands
B:Often washing your hands with normal soap and water
C:Not shaking hands with those people who have already had a cold
D:Not throwing away tissues at once after using themHippos live in Africa. Their sweat is red. Sometimes they walk a long way to find water. In fact hippos walk in the water. They can't swim.
Hippos love to play in the water in the day. They liked to eat plants at night. They never eat meat. They are easy to be angry.
An adult hippo is about 3,000 kg. He can run very fast. But he cannot run a long way. His longest tooth is about 60 cm. His open mouth is big. A child can get into it.
Crocodiles eat young hippos. But they cannot
adult hippos.
The question is: Hippos never eat    _    .
The possible answers are:
A:meat
B:plants
C:leaves
D:fruitLi Qiang and Li Gang are brothers. But their living habits   are different. Now let's go to Li Qiang's room. Li Qiang cleans his bedroom every day and puts his things away. Look! There is a computer on the desk. There are two balls under the bed. A guitar and a kite are on the wall. Some books are on the shelf. So he must be a careful   boy. Now let's go to Li Gang's room. The room is not clean. Can we see his clothes on the desk? Oh, yes. We can see a football and a knife on the desk, too. Li Gang never does any cleaning on weekends. So his room is in a mess.
What do you think of Li Qiang and Li Gang? Li Qiang is a good boy. Li Gang must learn from his brother.
,.
The question is: How often does Li Qiang clean his bedroom?
The possible answers are:
A:Every day.
B:Every week.
C:Twice a week.
D:Every month.I live in a small doll's house in a young girl's room. The girl is called Danielle. She loves me very much. She puts beautiful clothes on me and combs   my hair every day.
I look like a lady from the Tang Dynasty   in China. My clothes are red and blue. I wear golden shoes and small gold hair clips.
Danielle is going to take me to Japan for the Doll Festival. I can see many dolls there. Sometimes I feel lonely   because I am Danielle's only doll and I never see other dolls. I want to talk with other dolls. I want to talk about our clothes, houses and lives. I want to ask the Japanese dolls a lot of questions. I want to ask the Kokeshi dolls   why they have no arms or legs! They are usually little girls. I like to talk to young dolls.
Danielle says I can meet some boys' dolls at the festival too. I hope I can make friends with some of them.
The question is: Who is the writer ?
The possible answers are:
A:Danielle.
B:A girl's doll.
C:A boy's doll.
D:A boy.Lang Lang, the young Chinese pianist, was born in Shenyang in 1982. He began to play the piano when he was 3. At the age of 5, he won first place in a piano competition in Shenyang. People thought he was a genius . From then on, playing the piano became the dream of Lang and his parents.
When Lang was 9 years old, he and his father went to Beijing to study piano. His father even left his work. Although he endured  great pressure , Lang never gave up his dream of becoming a concert pianist. When he was 17, Lang became famous after he played in a great concert in Chicago, US.
Now 28-year-old Lang is famous all over the world for his great performances. He played at the Beijing Olympics in 2008. He was also one ofTimesmagazine's 100 Most Influential  People in the World in 2009. He is one of the world's great musicians.
The question is: When did Lang Lang win first place in a piano competition in Shenyang?
The possible answers are:
A:In 1982.
B:In 1985.
C:In 1987.
D:In 1991.Have you ever wondered what goes through your mind when you choose where to sit in a new classroom? Or in a waiting room full of strangers? Or on a bus? Researchers have found out some interesting facts.
Perhaps unsurprisingly, we prefer to sit closer to people like ourselves. Girls sit by girls and boys sit by boys. Adults sit together and young people choose another young person to sit near. But it goes further than this. We even choose to sit near someone who looks like us. People with glasses are more likely to sit near other people with glasses. People with long hair sit closer to other people with long hair.
We seem to believe that people with similar habits or hobbies will share similar attitude and we are more likely to be accepted by people like ourselves or even, we think we may be safer with people who look like us. Sometimes that's true but it's a pity if we always stick to the same people, the same group. The danger in always staying in our comfort zone  is that we just recycle the same opinions, the same tastes and the same ideas. We lose the chance to learn something new, find out about interesting things, hear funny stories and discover difference.
When we always stick to the same people, how can we ever break down the barriers which prevent us from getting to know people with different ideas? And how can we avoid the ignorance  ,which too often leads to prejudice   and even fear? If instead you want to live in a society that opens to changes and new things and different opinions, be the cat among the pigeons.
Move out of your comfort zone. Go and sit next to someone different. And don't just sit there in silence. Say hello. Ask a question. Start a conversation. That's how we make friends. That's how we learn about people. That's how we open our minds to new ideas. That's how we live an exciting life.
The question is: From the passage, we know that people prefer sitting by someone who
The possible answers are:
A:is like themselves
B:has a sense of humor
C:is open-minded
D:lives an exciting lifeOne day, when I arrived at school, an ice cream truck was parked in the schoolyard. Ice cream men usually drove their trucks to primary schools. I had never thought one ice cream truck would come to bring ice cream to us older kids. When I went up to the truck, I was quite surprised to hear the man call out, "Free ice cream!" To make sure of his words, I asked, "I'm sorry, what did you say?" "Free ice cream. Choose whichever you like." he said, smiling.
After I was certain that the man was just giving away the ice cream, I talked with him for a long time. He told me that his dream had always been to travel around giving away ice cream, and that's what he was now doing. With his mother's support, he kept doing what he loved even during hard times. Now, however, some large companies are helping him his plan.
The man said he wanted to encourage people to do exactly what their heart told them to do with their lives. I kept asking him, "So your dream was just to drive around and give away ice cream? It seems like a very unusual goal." "Yes, just meeting people and making them smile," he replied. At that point he handed me my ice cream. I thanked him, but what I got from him was much more than just an ice cream. It can't easily be explained in words. I believe what he is doing is exactly what a great person does all the time: small acts of big love.
The question is: From the story we know that the writer was most probably  _   at that time.
The possible answers are:
A:a primary school teacher
B:a primary school student
C:a middle school student
D:a middle school teacherWithout flowers, many plants would not be able to reproduce   and many insects would not be able to get enough food to live. Here are some interesting facts about flowers plants.
* Most plants grow flowers each year, but some take much longer. The century plant   grows only one flower and then it dies! Even more amazing is a plant from South America called Puya raimondii. It doesn't grow a flower until it is 150 years old, and after that it dies, too.
* The smallest flowering plant in the world is thought to be the common watermeal  . Its leaves are only 1mm across!
* Bamboo has amazing flowering habits. There are many different kinds of bamboo in the world. And they have different flowering habits. A few flower each year, but most wait much longer. What is amazing is that all bamboo of the same kind will flower almost at the same time, where it is 6 growing! Nobody knows why.
* The white flower of the Amazon water lily  is the size of a football, and the flower turns purple after it has been pollinated  .
* The Caucasian lime can grow in Britain. Its flowers are _ to bees. If they touch the flowers, they will die.
The question is: Which of the following plants needs the longest time to grow flowers?
The possible answers are:
A:The bamboo.
B:The watermeal.
C:The Puya raimondii.
D:The Caucasian lime.A mother and her young son get into a bus in a small city and sit down. The bus conductor comes to them for their money. The mother says: "I want one ticket to the zoo " and gives him two yuan. The conductor looks at the small boy for a few seconds  and then says to him, "How old are you ,young man?" The mother begins to speak, but the conductor stops her, The boy says: "I'm four years old at home, and two in the buses." At last the mother has to take one yuan out of her pocket  and gives it to the conductor.
The question is: Why does the conductor look at the small boy for a few seconds?
The possible answers are:
A:She likes him.
B:She thinks the boy need to buy a half-price ticket.
C:She knows the small boy.
D:She saw the boy somewhere.Matt's hobby was collecting stamps. He had stamps from many countries, like America, Egypt and China. On his birthday, can you guess what people gave him? That's right----stamps.
Matt's favorite stamps came from France. He had almost every stamp from 1954 to 2003 except one. That was a 1974 special edition  . It was very hard to find.
He looked for it everywhere. He asked his friends and relatives to help him. But nobody could find the stamp. It made Matt very sad.
"Don't worry," his father said to him. "You'll find it one day."
"I hope so," Matt said.
"Be patient  ,"his father said. "Don't give up."
Besides collecting stamps, Matt liked writing. He had a pen friend in France. They wrote to each other every month. Matt's pen friend, Philip, gave him a big, green stamp. It looked old. When Matt received the letter, he was very surprised. On the envelope, he looked closely at the stamp. It was the 1974 special edition stamp. Matt was so happy! He told his sister, his mother and his father.
"You see," his father said, "You did find your stamp. So, you see, it's good to have two things in life."
"What are they?" Matt asked.
"Friends and patience  ." he answered.
The question is: His father told him to  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:stop looking for it
B:ask his friends for help
C:be patient
D:write a letterI've loved my mother's desk since I was just tall enough to sit above the top of it when mother sat writing letters. Standing by her chair, looking at the ink bottle, pens, and white paper, I decided that the act of writing must be the most wonderful thing in the world.
Years later, during her final illness, mother kept different things for my sister and brother. "But the desk," she said again " is for Elizabeth."[:Zxxk.Com]
I never saw her angry, never saw her cry. I knew she loved me; she showed it action. But as a young girl. I wanted to have heart-to heart talks between mother and daughter.
They never happened. And a _ opened between us. I was " too emotional ". But she lived "on the surface".
As years passed and I had my own family. I loved my mother and thanked her for our happy family. I wrote to her in careful words and asked her to let me know in any way she chose that she did forgive me.
My hope turned to disappointment, then little interest and, finally, peace-it seemed that nothing happened. I couldn't be sure that the letter had even got to mother. I only knew that I had written it, and I could stop trying to make her into someone she was not.
But the present of her desk told me, as she'd never been able to, that she was pleased that writing was my chosen work. I cleaned the desk carefully and found some papers inside-a photo of my father and a one-page letter, folded and refolded many times. It was my letter. " In any way you choose, mother, you always chose the act that speaks louder than words"
The question is: What did Mother do with her daughter's letter asking for forgiveness?
The possible answers are:
A:She read the letter again and again till she died.
B:For years, she often talked about the letter.
C:She didn't forgive her daughter at all in all her life.
D:She had never received the letter.Bob, Jim and Alice are good friends. They all study in the same class in Red Star Middle School. The weekend is coming and the weather is going to be sunny and warm. Now they are talking about their plans.
Bob is going to the hospital on Saturday. It is not far from his house, so he wants to go there by bike. He is going to visit a sick  boy called Ben in the hospital. He wants to make Ben happy and give him some interesting storybooks. He is going to stay there for the whole day.
Jim is going to ride to Great Zoo with his father on Sunday. He wants to see the pandas, tigers, lions and elephants. He wants to stay there for the whole day.
On Saturday, Alice is going to the Green Park with her friends on foot. She is going fishing by the lake, going boating on the river and playing on the slide . She plans to stay there for the whole afternoon.
The question is: Who is going to the hospital?
The possible answers are:
A:Bob
B:Jim
C:Alice
D:BenAn old man, too old to live on his own, went to live with his son, daughter-in-law, and a four-year-old grandson. The old man's hands trembled  , and he couldn't see clearly. The family ate together at the dinner table every night. But the grandfather's trembling hands and poor sight made eating rather difficult. Peas rolled off his spoon onto the floor. When he drank milk, he spilled it on the tablecloth. The son and daughter-in-law became angry with him. "We must do something about Grandfather," said the son. So the husband and the wife set a small table in the corner. There, the grandfather ate alone while the rest of the family enjoyed dinner at the dinner table. Since the grandfather had broken a dish or two, his food was served in a wooden bowl. Sometimes he had tears in his eyes as he ate alone. The four-year-old grandson watched it all in silence.
One evening before supper, the father noticed his son playing with wood on the floor. He asked the child sweetly, "What are you making?" Just as sweetly, the boy said, "Oh, I am making a little bowl for you and Mum to eat your food from when I grow up." The four-year-old boy smiled and went back to work. The words struck the parents and they were speechless. Then tears started to run down their cheeks. Though no word was spoken, both knew what must be done. That evening the husband took the grandfather's hand and gently led him back to the family table.
The wise parents should realize that the children are their parents' mirror.
The question is: Which is NOT true according to the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:We should respect the old.
B:We should leave the old in the corner.
C:Parents must set examples to their children.
D:We should love our parents.There is a new park near Andy's home. It's fine today. Andy and his family are in the park now. On their left, there is a cafe. On their right, there is a big lake. There are many flowers and trees around the lake. There's a small hill behind the lake. Near the lake, there are two signs. One says, "Don't swim in the lake!" The other says, "No fishing!" But you can go boating on the lake. There is a beautiful garden in the middle of the park. There are green grass and beautiful flowers in it. There are some small shops between the lake and the garden. The park is so nice. Andy and his family like it very much.
The question is: The shops in the park are  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:small
B:big
C:good
D:prettyMary: Let's play computer games.
Gina: That sounds great. Where is your computer?
Mary: I don't have a computer. Do you have a computer?
Gina: No, I don't. But I have a TV. Let's watch TV.
Mary: No, that sounds boring. Let's play tennis. I have a tennis bat.
Gina: Good. Where is it?
Mary: On the sofa. Do you have a bat?
Gina: No, I don't. Does your brother have a bat?
Mary: Yes, he does. And he has tennis balls.
The question is: _   is on the sofa.
The possible answers are:
A:A TV
B:A computer
C:A tennis bat
D:A tennis abllMany of you have heard a Cinderella story, but what you may not know is that there are over a hundred different ways to tell the Cinderella story. Each of these stories is written by a different author. The story of Cinderella has many different versions.
The version that most people know is the oldest one written in 1697 by Charles Perrault from France. This is the version where the birds help make Cinderella's dress and the mice turn into carriage men and help Cinderella go to the ball in the pumpkin that turns into a carriage. In this version, many of the animals are Cinderella's friends. They help her meet the Prince, who Cinderella marries, and together they live happily ever after.
In another version of this story, written in the 1850s by Jacob and Wilhelm Grimm from Germany, there are birds that help Cinderella throughout the story. Cinderella's mother is not living at the beginning of the story. She visits her mother's grave three times a day to say a prayer for her.
Cinderella's father has given her a brunch when he goes to the festival. She plants the brunch and her tears water the brunch until it grows into a tall tree.
The birds now live in the tree and they give Cinderella a dress of gold and silver and slippers of the same colours. Cinderella goes to the festival to meet and dance with the Prince. Later, Cinderella marries the Prince and they have a nice life ever after.
Have you read other versions of the Cinderella story? More than one author can tell a story in a different way from their viewpoints . That is why there are many versions of the same story.
The question is: According to the passage, there can be many versions of the same story because   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:there're many authors who create stories
B:there're many different kinds of old stories
C:there're different ideas from different authors
D:there're different stories by more than one authorIf you want to become a better reader, here are four important points to remember about rate or speed of reading:
First, knowing why you are reading and what you are reading to find out will often help you to know whether to read rapidly or slowly.
Second, some things should be read slowly. Examples are directions for making or doing something; arithmetic problems, science and history books. They are full of important information. You must read such things slowly to remember each important step and understand each idea.
Third, some things should be read rapidly. Examples are simple stories for enjoyment, news, letters from friends, items or bits of news from local or hometown paper, telling what is happening to friends and neighbors.
Fourth, in some of your readings, you must change your speed from fast to slow, and slow to fast, as you read. You'll need to read certain pages rapidly and then slow down and do more careful reading when you come to important ideas which should be remembered.
The question is: According to this passage, one must pay attention to   _  in your reading.
The possible answers are:
A:why you are reading
B:what you are reading
C:the speed of reading
D:careful readingAnybody can learn to count fast if he knows the secret of following trick.
Ask your friend to write any five-figure   number on the blackboard. Then you write your five-figure number under it. You choose your figures so that each one with the figure above it will  make nine.
Tell your friend to put a third five-figure number under your number. Then you write a fourth number in the same way. After he has written the fifth number, you draw a line under it and quickly write the sum. . You may even write it from left to right..
How do you do it ? You take away two from the fifth number and put two in front of your answer. Is it interesting?
The question is: If your friend's number is 76815, your number must be  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:23184
B:54613
C:93184
D:99999I used to be very close to my father when I was a child. He gave me almost everything I wanted. Whenever I quarreled with my mother, I would turn to my father for comfort. He was everything to me.
Time flies like a bird. As I got older, I became silent and found it hard to start a conversation with my father. The gap  between us began to grow. He had done so much for me but I always took it for granted .
Last time our school gave us two days off, and daddy gave me a ride home on his motorbike. I was tired and fell asleep on his back. Later my mother said he was very happy because it had been a long time since we got close last. Suddenly I felt a little shamed. I realized that I had paid no attention to him a lot during the last few years.
The next day I stayed in bed and when daddy tried to wake me up to have breakfast, I pretended  that I couldn't hear him. At last he brought a bowl of noodles to my bed, and said, "Come on, dear, have your breakfast and then continue your dream." I got so angry with him for troubling my sleep that I shouted, " _ ."
As I said this, I sat up quickly, and the bowl of noodles broke on the floor. Hearing the noise, mum came in and shouted at me, "What do you think your father is? Who else treats you as well as he does?"
I was shocked and didn't know what to say. Finally I rushed with tears all over my face. I went to the pool where I used to go fishing with daddy. A few minutes later, I heard the sound of daddy's motorbike. He was looking for me worriedly, but he didn't notice me as I was sitting behind a tall brush.
I didn't return home until 10 a.m.. The moment my parents saw me, they rushed to me. Mum hugged me tightly and daddy looked at me with worry in his eyes. "Are you hungry, dear?" he said at last. Before I could say anything, he had gone off on his motorbike to buy food for me.
The question is: The best title for this passage is   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:The gap between the Father and the Son
B:Father's Love
C:How to get on with Father
D:I Love FatherIn many English homes, people have four meals  a day: breakfast, lunch, afternoon tea  and dinner.
People have breakfast from 7:00 to 9: 00 in the morning. They eat eggs or  bread. English people drink tea or milk for breakfast, too. Lunch comes at about 13:00. Afternoon tea is from 16:00 to 17:00, and dinner is about 19:30. They often have soup , and they have some chicken or fish with vegetables. Then they eat some bananas, apples or oranges. But not all English people have meals like that. Some of them don't have their dinners in the evening .
,.
The question is: Many English people have   _   meals a day.
The possible answers are:
A:one
B:two
C:three
D:fourNow, everybody is taking _ . From your best friend to your favourite pop star, selfies are taking over Facebook and Sina Weibo. The word "selfie" was even named Word of the Year by Oxford Dictionaries in 2013. But why do people feel the need to take them? And are they doing us more harm than good?
According to some scientists, humans have an area in their brain that controls social activity. Receiving 'LIKE' on a selfie you have posted online can be the same as someone stopping you in the street and speak highly of you on your appearance.
The act of taking a selfie also puts you in a position of power. You are the director and the subject of your own work of art. It helps people feel in control of their appearance and can be a powerful tool.
But can it go too far? Scientists warn that too much time spent on selfies can influence people's confidence, especially in teenagers. If you are spending a lot of time choosing the perfect selfie clothes, then there could be a problem.
At the same time, posting selfies online can harm your personal relationships. UK studies found that many people find it hard to talk to people who are often posting selfies online.
So next time you want to use your smartphone  to take a quick selfie, it may be better to drop it straight back into your pocket.
The question is: What does the passage mainly talk about?
The possible answers are:
A:People like taking selfies.
B:Why people often like taking selfies.
C:How people take more beautiful selfies.
D:What good and harm taking selfies brings to people.August 14, 2002
#The biggest shopping center KRF will open on August 18. Everyone with Today's newspaper will get a small gift. You are welcome.
Address: No. 6 Bridge Street
#English Newspaper, is looking for good English speakers as editors. He should study news in college. He will get $8,000 a year. Please send you application form  in 10 days.
Tel: 3898766 Address: No 5 Longway Street Email: englishnewspaper@yahoo.com
#Traditional Chinese doctor treatment. RMB 200/hourI'll go to your home.
Mobile: 137629390
#New York VS Chinese Dragon Team
Time: 7 PM Sunday, August 17    Place: Star Stadium
Price: RMB 300, RMB 280, RMB 180, RMB 80,
The question is: If anyone has the newspaper of today, he will get a gift   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:on August 18
B:on August 19
C:on August 17
D:on August 20It was Mother's Day,but the young mother was a little unhappy,because she was 800 miles away from her parents.In the morning she phoned her mother to wish her a happy Mother's Day,and her mother told her about the beautiful lilacs in the garden.
Later that day,when she told her husband about the lilacs,he said,"I know where we can find all that you want.Get the children and come on."So they went,driving down the country roads.
There on a small hill,they saw a lot of beautiful purple lilacs.The young woman ran quickly to enjoy the flowers.Carefully,she picked a few here and a few there.On their way home there was a smile on her face.
When they were passing a nursing home ,the young woman saw an old granny sitting in a chair.She had no children with her.They stopped the car and the young woman walked to the old woman,put the flowers in her hands,and smiled at her.The old granny thanked her again and again.She smiled happily,too.
When the young mother came back to her car,her children asked her,"Who is that old granny?Why did you give our flowers to her?"
"I don't know her,"their mother said."But it's Mother's Day,and she has no children.I have all of you,and I still have my mother.Just think how much those flowers meant to her.
The question is: Which of the following is NOT true?
The possible answers are:
A:The young woman was kind.
B:The young woman was understanding.
C:The young woman was friendly.
D:The young woman was surprised.Beijing Opera is also called Peking Opera.. It came into being after 1790 when the famous four  Anhui opera troupe  came to Beijing. Its music and singing  came from Xipi and Er-huang in Anhui and Hubei. Its costtumes are all fascinating and artistic.It is the highest expression of the Chinese culture. It's full of famous stories , beautiful facial paintings, and wonderful gestures and fighting. This kind of opera is very popular with Chinese people.
There are four main roles in Beijing Opera: Sheng ,Dan, Jing and Chou. Sheng is the leading male  actor. For example , a Wusheng is a soldier or fighter .A Xiaosheng is a young man . A Laosheng is the comedy actor or clown.Dan is the female  role .  Jing,mostly male , is the face-painted role and Chou is the comedy actor or clown.
Stories in Beijing Opera are very intetesting . Some of them are from the history book ,but most of them are from the literature , especially famous novels . The people in the story usually have some disagreements. They become angry and uhappy . They are sad and lonely . Sometimes they are nervous and worried. Then they find a way to make peace . The stories usually end with happiness and lunghter and people are all happy in the end.
The question is: .Which of the following statements is TURE?
The possible answers are:
A:Peking Opera is full of different gestures.
B:There are only four roles in Beijing Opera.
C:Beijing Opera is the most popular in the world.
D:The people in the story usually are in agreement.YOU might go to a museum to look at old cars or something about an ancient civilization  . Would you like to see ice cream?
Believe it or not, there is a museum of ice cream in Iowa in the United States. Visitors can see a video that tells all about the history of the delicious snack.
It seems that ice cream goes back to about 2000 years ago , when the Chinese mixed together ice, milk and sugar. Spending an afternoon looking at how to make ice cream can make you a little hungry. No problem, the museum has its own ice cream store, where you can taste some of them.
In Edinburgh, Scotland, there is a museum of childhood. The museum shows objects about the lives of children in Scotland, past and present. You can expect toys, dolls, teddy bears and train sets. But there are also videos which tell you what it was like to be a kid in Scotland in old times.
You can hear children reading their multiplication tables  : "Seven sevens are 49, eight sevens are 56." You can also watch documentary movies of the games kids played in Edinburgh in the 1950s, look at the clothes they wore and get to know what their schools were like.
It will be wonderful to visit the Children's Discovery Museum in Bangkok  , Thailand. The museum has parts of nature, environment, technology and kids' activities. In this museum, you get to take part in the kids' activities. You can dress up to be a fireman in a fire truck. It is interesting.
The question is: We can't know about   _   in the museum of childhood.
The possible answers are:
A:the games kids played
B:the clothes kids wore
C:the food kids ate
D:the schools kids studied inThe terracotta warriors have guarded  the Qin Shihuang Tomb for over 2,000 years. The construction of the tomb started in 247 BC, and it took 36 years to complete. There are thousands of pottery figures of warriors and horses in this magnificent tomb. The museum is located  five kilometers east of Xi'an, in Lintong County.
The Sun Yat-sen Memorial Hall in Guangzhou was built in memory of Dr Sun Yat-sen. The Hall is a beautiful building in the style  of a Chinese palace. It can seat an audience of 5, 000, but not a single pillar is found inside. In front of the Hall stands a bronze statue of Dr Sun Yat-sen.
The Potala Palace in Lhasa was built in the seventh century. However, the construction of today's buildings began in 1645. It took three years to complete . The Potala Palace is thirteen stories  high and has more than 1,000 rooms. To help _ the buildings, only a few people are admitted each day.
The question is: Which of the following sentences is TRUE according to the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:There are thousands of bronze figures of warriors and horses in the Qin Shihuang Tomb.
B:The Sun Yat-sen Memorial Hall was built in Guangxi.
C:The Sun Yat-sen Memorial Hall was built to memorize Dr Sun Yat-sen.
D:The Potala Palace is thirty stories high and has more than 1,000 rooms.Jenny is a nice girl. She likes to playing soccer. And she watches soccer games on TV every day. But she doesn't like playing baseball. She has some friends in her class. They are Tom, Mary, Susan and Linda.
Tom likes playing ping - pong. He has some nice ping - pong bats, He usually plays ping - pong with his friends after school. Mary likes playing volleyball. She is in a volleyball club .But she doesn't like playing basketball. Susan likes singing. She has many CDs. They are in her desk. Linda is ten years old. She doesn't like doing any sports, but she likes making model planes.
The question is: What does Tom usually do after school?
The possible answers are:
A:Play games with friends.
B:Play ping - pong with friends.
C:Make model planes by himself.
D:Play volleyball with classmates.There was once a man who couldn't sleep well because he was afraid that there was a stranger under his bed.He thought that as soon as he went to sleep,the stranger would come out from under the bed and rob him.He was worried that the stranger might even kill him!
Every night,after he got into bed,the man had to get up again and looked under the bed.There was never anyone there,but as soon as he got back into bed,he had to get up and looked under the bed again.This went on for hours until at last he fell asleep from _ .
The time came for the man to get married.He didn't tell his wife about his fears but she soon found out because he kept her awake all night.
"You must go to a doctor."she told him."He will cure you of this silly fear."
The man did as his wife told him.He told the doctor his problem,and the doctor said,"I can cure you,but it will take about two years.You must come and see me twice a week.The fee for each visit will be $ 75."
The next day the man called the doctor and said."I won't need to visit you again.I'm cured."
The doctor was surprised."How?"he asked."Who cured you?"
"My wife cured me,"the man said."When I told her how much you were going to charge me,she cut the legs off the bed."
The question is: How much would the doctor charge the man every week?
The possible answers are:
A:$75.
B:$175.
C:$150.
D:$300.There is a big supermarket  near my home. Its name is Pricelow. It has lots of things. You can buy school things, like notebooks, pens, rulers, pencils, erasers and pencil boxes. You can buy vegetables, fruit and all kinds of food. You can also buy clothes. Some of the things there are cheap, and anybody can afford the price. But some of them are _ .
The supermarket is open every day from 7:00 a.m.to 8:00 p.m. The workers there are very good. They work hard all day. They are happy to answer your questions. They help you if you want to buy anything. There are many people on weekends. They buy lots of things. Sometimes they have breakfast, lunch or dinner there.
The question is: The supermarket is open for  _  hours every day.
The possible answers are:
A:seven
B:eight
C:twelve
D:thirteenA little boy invited his mother to attend his school's first teacher-parent meeting. To the little boy's dismay  , his mother said she would go. This would be the first time that his classmates and teachers met his mother and he was _ by her appearance . There was a severe   scar   that covered nearly the whole right side of her face. The boy never wanted to talk about why or how she got the scar.
At the meeting, the people were impressed by the kindness of his mother with the scar, but the little boy was still embarrassed and hid himself from everyone. However, he could hear clearly the conversation between his mother and the teacher.
"How did you get the scar on your face?" the teacher asked.
The mother replied, "When my son was a baby, he was in a room that caught on fire. Everyone was too afraid to go in because the fire was out of control, but I went in. As I was running towards his bed, I saw a burning wood falling down and I placed myself over him trying to protect him. I was knocked to be unconscious  , but luckily, a fireman came in and saved both of us." She touched the burned side of her face. "This scar will be forever, but until today, I have never regretted doing what I did."
When the little boy heard this, he couldn't help running towards his mother with tears in his eyes. He hugged her and felt his mother was greater than anyone. He held her hand tightly for the rest of the day.
The question is: We know from the passage that the little boy   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:wasn't moved by what her mother said
B:didn't ask his mother to attend the meeting
C:wanted his mother to attend the meeting at first
D:didn't really want his mother to attend the meeting at firstYao Ming, the centre of the Chinese National Men's basketball team, joins the Houston Rocket in the 2002 NBA. The 2.2 m, 120kg basketball star becomes the first one to come from a foreign   team. Yao Ming was born in Shanghai in September, 1980. His mother is a leader of the Chinese National Women's Team. His father plays basketball, too. Yao Ming is welcome in China. He becomes a very important basketball player in China Basketball Association. It's short for CBA.
During the 2000-2001 seasons, he gets 27.1 scores for the Shanghai Oriental  Sharks in every match. Yao Ming joins the Houston Rockets in November, 2002. He says this is a new start in his basketball life. He world do his best to learn from the NBA and improve  himself. Sport analyst  Bill Walton says, "Yao Ming is very strong. He has the capability  of changing the future  of basketball."
The question is: The Houston Rockets is the name of a   _   team.
The possible answers are:
A:tabletennis
B:volleyball
C:basketball
D:golfKelly Christopher, a student at Lutheran High School in California, US, loves oranges. One day last week, she used a pole  to pick oranges off trees and collect them in baskets. It's the first time in her 15 years she's picked fruit from trees.
"This is quite different from buying oranges in the supermarket," said Christopher. "Every time I eat an orange, I'll remember this experience."
Christopher was one of the 30 student volunteers at Soil Born Farms. She volunteered as part of a project which was set up in 2009 to help homeowners in South Land Park pick oranges and other fruits out of their backyards. Before, the fruit would rot on the ground or get eaten by animals. Now the fruit is donated to those who need it.
"It is good for many people", said Randy Stannard, who works for the project. "The homeowner gets fruit picked and more people can have healthy food."
"Two harvests ( ) were organized in 2009 and volunteers picked 3,000 pounds (1,360kg) of fruit", Stannard said. In 2010, the number was 20,000. This year, Soil Born Farms hopes to get 40,000 pounds. They will harvest every weekend from January to April.
Shannon Galloway, Christopher's science teacher, brought her students into the project this year.
"You're making use of a _ that might be wasted," she said. "I think it's meaningful to everyone."
Donato Frazier, 15, always climbs up a ladder  and gets on the top of the tree.
"Standing on the treetop is pretty cool," Frazier said. "I can see clearly that many baskets are filled up, and even see that many people are eating healthy fruit because of our volunteer work."
The question is: What will happen to the fruit if they don't help the homeowners pick it?
The possible answers are:
A:The fruit will rot or be eaten by small animals.
B:People who need the fruit will come to pick it.
C:The fruit will be used as a resource for research.
D:Homeowners will pick the fruit and sell it.People usually think it is very easy to cook instant noodles . They usually put the noodles into the boiling water and add in the MSG, together with the other things like eggs or vegetables. However, have you ever wondered if this is the correct way of cooking them?
Do you know what is on the surface of the noodles? People use something like wax to cover the noodles when they make them, so that the noodles can join together nicely before they are put into the _ . Many people enjoy eating them without thinking of this. But a report said the wax covered on the noodles was very bad for our bodies. They said it needed about 2-3days to clear away the wax in our bodies after we ate it. So it is dangerous to have too much wax stayed in our stomachs. But it is not difficult to wash away the wax. Before you cook the noodles, wash them with hot water and then pour away the water. Do it like this twice, and you can wash the wax away. Then and you can cook the noodles as usual.
The question is: What's the right way to cook the instant noodles?
The possible answers are:
A:Before cooking, wash them with cold water.
B:Before cooking, wash them with hot water twice.
C:Before cooking, wash them with hot water once.
D:Put the noodles into the boiling water directly.My name is Jenny . I have a sister and a brother, Rose and Paul. We like apples very much. Rose and I like hamburgers. But I don't like salad. Paul doesn't like broccoli. But Rose does. My parents like tomatoes and French fries.
The question is: My parents have   _   sons and   _   daughter(s).
The possible answers are:
A:two; one
B:one; two
C:three; no
D:no; threeRecently we had a discussion on the topic of My Chinese Dream. Inspired  by President Xi's  Chinese Dream, everyone talked happily about his understanding of the Chinese Dream.
For me ,I would like to be a teacher when I listen to my teacher carefully. I think I can be a teacher when I grow up. I can help many students learn things well. I can play with my students, too. So we are good friends.I would like to be a doctor when I see many doctors save their _ . Then I can help many people out of danger. I will be the happiest girl in the world. I would like to be a reporter when I watch TV every evening. We can get lots of important information from them. And I can learn a lot about China and the other countries around the world. They make the world smaller and also make us happy.
I have lots of dreams. Hold fast  to my dreams, no matter how big or small they are. The dreams may not be smooth  and wide, even need some sacrifices , but hold on to the end, you will find there is no greater happiness than making your dream come true.
The question is: This article  mainly   tells us that   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:I would like to be a teacher
B:Dreams need sacrifices
C:MyChineseDream
D:Dreams are very importantI watched a little girl playing basketball every day from my bedroom window. One day, I asked her why she practiced so much. She said, "I want to go to college. The only way I can go is to get a scholarship . I like basketball and I want to be the best player in college. My dad told me, "If the dream is big enough, the facts don't count." She never changed her mind. Whenever she was in junior high school or senior high school. One day, before she graduate from senior high school, I saw her sitting on the grass sadly. I asked her what was wrong. She told me that her coach said she was too short to be a good basketball player, so she should stop dreaming about going to college. She was heartbroken and it made me feel bad, too. Then she smiled and told me her father said to her, "If you really want to play for the scholarship of a good college, nothing but yourself can stop your dream." The next year, she and her team went to a big game she was seen by a coach of a famous college team and was offered a scholarship to the women's basketball team of their college. She was getting the college education that she had dreamed of. "If the dream is big enough, the facts don't count." It is true.
The question is: How long has the little girl practiced the basketball until she was seemed by a coach of a famous college team?
The possible answers are:
A:about three years
B:About four years
C:About five years
D:More than six yearsDo you know that you are not outgoing enough? Do you want to make friends, but are you
too shy? Read the following rules. They will help you.
Feel comfortable.
Always be clean. Shower, brush your teeth, and try to look nice. Dress in clean clothes.
They must make you feel good and comfortable. Those make you feel more confident .
Smile more often.
Try to smile more often at people. It will get them to think that you are friendly Then they'll talk to you more even if they don't know you.
Just talk
Some people worry about talking because they think,"What am I going to talk about with that person?" Outgoing people don't even think about it.They just go up to people and say what they think.
Listen to people.
You can't just talk. People will think that you're self-centered .You have to listen to others and give your ideas. Let them know what you think.
Read the news.
Don't just stay at home and do nothing. Surf the net for news and information, and talk about them when you're with friends.
,.
The question is: The third rule means that  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:you should be friendly
B:you should think more
C:you should talk much and never think
D:you should say what you are thinkingCome to Austria
Soll is a village in the mountains in western Austria. And the Post Hotel is clean and not expensive. It is opened by a local family. From the hotel you can see the whole village, the forests and the mountains. Temperatures in summer are usually 20degC to 25degC in the daytime, but much cooler by evening.
Enjoy Thailand
When you visit Bangkok in Thailand, don't miss the early morning river boat trip to the Floating  Market outside the city. There you will find many kinds of fruits and vegetables. And you can pay for them when you sit in your boat. Don't forget your hat: the sun can be strong and it may be as hot as 40degC at noon.
Visit Hawaii!
Maybe the most beautiful place in  Hawaii is Kauai. You can visit its long, sandy beaches in the south and west of the island, and mountains and forests in the north, but don't be surprised if it rains in the centre of the island. Daytime temperatures there are usually around 24degC to 26degC by the sea, and only a little cooler by late evening.
The question is: If you go to Bangkok,you can   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:climb mountains
B:enjoy the scenery of the forests
C:live in the Post Hotel
D:buy fruits while sitting in your boatChina Youth says that more and more girl students have entered colleges to study in recent few years. As we know, once the number of boys was larger than that of girls, and the boys did much better than girls in our country for a long time. Now things have changed a lot.
In recent years, the proportion of girl students is growing fast. In 1998, about 39.7% of college students were girls. In 2000, it was 41.07% and in 2001, the number was 42.14%.
There are several reasons for this.
Firstly, there is little difference between boys and girls in their intelligence . That's to say, girls are as clever as boys. And boys have more interests than girls, so they may not do well in their study.
Secondly, girls are more careful and more sensible than boys. They work harder at school and they do better in all exams.
Another reason is that with the development of society, people pay more and more attention to girls' education.
The question is: Which of the following sentences is TRUE?
The possible answers are:
A:Boys may not do as well in their study as girls because they don't like studying.
B:Boys are much cleverer than girls because they're interested in many things.
C:Girls' intelligence is the same as boys'.
D:Girls study harder, but they couldn't get higher marks than boys.Hello! I am Oliver Smith. I am from UK. I can speak English well but my Chinese is not good. I like doing sports after school. My favorite sports are running, basketball and swimming. I like to be a sports star when I grow up. I have good eating habits. I don't eat ice-cream, hamburgers or cola because I know they are not healthy. I also don't like to be fat, so I like eating vegetables and fruit.
I have a good friend. His name is Chen Lin. He is not good at sports, but he's good at art. He sings well and draws well. He drew a nice picture for me on my birthday. I was excited. We sometimes play games together after school. We always have much fun. If you like us, join us! We can be friends and have a great time together!
The question is: Chen Lin is good at  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:sport
B:art
C:math
D:historyOne day, when I arrived at school, an ice cream truck was parked in the schoolyard. Ice cream men usually drove their trucks to primary schools. I had never thought one ice cream truck would come to bring ice cream to us older kids. When I went up to the truck, I was quite surprised to hear the man call out, "Free ice cream!" To make sure of his words, I asked, "I'm sorry, what did you say?" "Free ice cream. Choose whichever you like." he said, smiling.
After I was certain that the man was just giving away the ice cream, I talked with him for a long time. He told me that his dream had always been to travel around giving away ice cream, and that's what he was now doing. With his mother's support, he kept doing what he loved even during hard times. Now, however, some large companies are helping him his plan.
The man said he wanted to encourage people to do exactly what their heart told them to do with their lives. I kept asking him, "So your dream was just to drive around and give away ice cream? It seems like a very unusual goal." "Yes, just meeting people and making them smile," he replied. At that point he handed me my ice cream. I thanked him, but what I got from him was much more than just an ice cream. It can't easily be explained in words. I believe what he is doing is exactly what a great person does all the time: small acts of big love.
The question is: What's the best title of this story?
The possible answers are:
A:A great man.
B:Small acts of big love.
C:A kind of charity.
D:My dream.David Moore taught science at the City School. He needed some expensive books, and so he bought them. He put the books in his car in a quiet street. Then he went to other shops to buy something else. At six he came back to the car. One door was open - and the books were not there! David drove home to Fry Road.
On Friday people read this in the newspaper:
Books: Have you any old books? I buy old and modern books.
Open all day on Saturdays. David Moore, 26 Fry Road.
David stayed at home on Saturday. The first man came at eight. David took him to the kitchen. At half past nine another man arrived. He had a bag under his arm.
"Mr Moore?" the man asked.
"That's right," David said. "Can I help you?"
"I've got some good books. You buy books, don't you?"
"Yes. Bring them in. Let me have a look."
Soon the books were on the dining-table. "Come in now," David called, "and bring the list."
A policeman came into the dining-room. He read the names on the books and the names on the list in his hand. They were the same.
"Come with me, sir," the policeman said to the man.
The question is: Mr Moore wrote a letter to a newspaper in order to  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:tell people that he had lost some books
B:tell the police station
C:buy the expensive books
D:find who had stolen the booksMrs. Black goes to buy a fish with her daughter. She doesn't know how to cook it, so she asks the shopkeeper to write down the way of cooking it on a note. She puts the note in her daughter's pocket and then they leave the shop with the fish.
On their way home, a black cat sees them and follows them. Suddenly  the cat jumps at her, takes the fish away from her quickly and runs off at once. Mrs. Black runs after it, but she can't run faster than it. At last she stops, not knowing what to do. But she suddenly remembers  _ . She laughs and shouts at the cat, "You don't know how to cook it. The note is still in my daughter's pocket!"
The question is: Which of the following statements is  _  ?
The possible answers are:
A:The cat takes the fish away from the shop.
B:The woman can't catch up with the cat.
C:The cat takes the fish away from Mrs. Black.
D:Mrs. Black and her daughter goes to a shop to buy a fish.Greg Heffely is 11 years old. He is a student. In his class, some students get to school on foot.. Some get to school by bus. He lives far from school. He always gets to school by car. He is clever and naughty  He always has a lot of ideas .He likes writing diaries. In his diary, he often writes many interesting stories about his life. He also draws pictures in his diary.
He has a lot of problems in school. And he makes a lot of trouble ,too. He runs away from a school basketball game. He often plays tricks on others. But he always makes a fool of himself. He is not good at making friends. But he wants to be the most popular in his school. He also has some problems at home. Sometimes he pulls the cat's tail   and knock at others' door then run away.
Greg is not a good model. We shouldn't do things like Greg. But US children like reading his diaries. Do you want to read about him ? Go and read the book, Diary of a Wimpy Kid(<<>> ). It is very popular in the US.
The question is: Greg wants to   _  in his school.
The possible answers are:
A:be the best student
B:do well in all his subjects
C:give a talk on art
D:be the most popularTime Temp Glasses
Are you a person who wants to know the time and temperature during the day? You might like Temp Glasses. These special glasses show the time above your right eye and the temperature your left eye. It is surely easier than wearing a wristwatch, and you never have to guess the Tature.
Alarm  Fork
Do you eat too quickly? Do you eat too much? How can the Alarm Fork help you? Aren't you is  ? Well, this special fork has two lights: one green and one red. When the green is on, it's OK to eat a piece of food. The fork "knows" when you eat a piece, and soon the red goes on. Wait for the green light before you eat another piece.
Smell This
Sow do you know if your breath smells nice, or if it smells bad? It's difficult It) know, because it's very hard to smell the air that comes out of your own mouth. Smell This is useful for this ion. Smell This covers your nose and your mouth. Docs your breath smell nice, or do you need a piece of gum ?
Banana Suitcase 
Has this ever happened to you? You put a banana in your bag lunch in the morning, and when pen the bag at noon, the banana looks like someone drove a car over it. If you put your banana Banana Suitcase, this will never happen. It keeps a banana safe, delicious, and looking like a m!
The question is: Which invention is most helpful for someone waiting for a train?
The possible answers are:
A:Time Temp Glasses.
B:Alarm I ink.
C:Smell This.
D:Banana Suitcase."The zoo has money problem," Grandmother Sandy said.
Angel listened. She heard that Fresno's Chaffee Zoo didn't have enough money to take care of its animals.
Angel loved animals. She planned to study them when she grew up. Angel's family had four cats. Angel took good care of them and made sure that they always had food and water.
Angel felt sorry for the zoo animals. While the others in the family were cooking dinner, Angel was cooking up a way to help the animals. She decided to write a letter to show how she felt. At the end of the letter, she wrote: "Give a dollar, help an animal." She sent the letter and a dollar to The Fresno Bee, a local newspaper.
A few days after that, Angel's letter was published. Almost immediately, people began sending in money. Angel's letter was having effect!
At school, Angel went to each classroom to read the letter that appeared on the newspaper. She asked students in her school to give money to the zoo. Next, Angel was asked to appear on television. She was invited to be on a popular talk show.
The workers in the zoo were very happy. Ray Navarro is the person most responsible for the animals. "Angel opened the eyes of Fresno," said Ray. "She made us see that people can make a difference."
The question is: By saying "Angel was cooking up a way to help the animals", the writer means   _
The possible answers are:
A:Angel wanted to cook the animals for food
B:Angel was cooking a meal for the animals
C:Angel wanted to help the animals to run away
D:Angel was thinking of an idea to help the animalsMost Chinese people share a few common surnames, like Zhang, Wang, Li, Liu and Chen. The Chinese expression for "ordinary people" literally means "the old one hundred surnames".
But Cheng Yinglian, a retired worker living in Changsha, the capital of Hunan, said his interest in rare surnames was piqued after reading a newspaper many years ago and discovering a person with the surname Gui, which literally means "ghost", the report said.
Since then, he has scoured newspapers, books and other publications to find similar rare surnames, coming up with about 2,000 to date.
Those he has found include Ling (zero), Cu (vinegar), Miao (second) and Yi (one).
Cheng said in order to collect and find out the origins of the strange surnames, he bought many ancient works and dictionaries for study. This February, he also published a book based on his surname collection.
"I may apply for the Guinness (Book of World Records)," said Cheng.
He said most of the surnames he collected are not included in the Hundred Surnames, a classic Chinese text composed of common surnames in ancient China.
According to the latest statistics available from the Ministry of Public Security in 2007, nearly 93 million people in China are surnamed "Wang", taking the largest proportion among all surnames. And people with the top 100 common surnames in China take up 84.77 percent of the whole population.
Chinese people attach great significance to people's names and many parents go out of their way to give their children _ names that suggest they will grow up to be healthy, strong and rich.
,.
The question is: Where can we probably see this passage?
The possible answers are:
A:newspapers
B:magazines
C:books
D:recipeEvery day we use money to buy what we want. But have you ever really noticed the bill   in your hand? There are different pictures on both sides of banknotes   and interesting stories behind them.
Most banknotes have famous people on the front, such as a country's leader or a great scientist, while on the back of the paper note there are usually some well-known scenes or national buildings.
The latest editions of Chinese banknotes use the picture of Mao Zedong, founding father of the People's Republic of China, on the front of all yuan bills. However, the backs of the bills are different. The Great Hall of the People, on the 100-yuan note, is a landmark   in Beijing. Important meetings are always held there. The Lijiang River in Guilin, on the 20-yuan note, is one of the most beautiful scenes in the world.
The US 1-dollar bill has the first president, George Washington, on the front side. A 13-level pyramid is on the back. Benjamin Franklin, a great scientist and politician   from the US, appears on the front of the 100-dollar bill. You can see the White House, where the presidents live, on the back of the 20-dollar bill.
The question is: On the front of the 100-dollar bill, we can see   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:George Washington
B:Benjamin Franklin
C:a 13-level pyramid
D:the White HouseIf you enjoy reading, don't miss Shakespeare and Company when you visit the city of Paris. It is a famous English-language bookstore on the left bank of the river Seine. The first Shakespeare and Company in history was opened in 1919 by an American, Sylvia Beach. Ms. Beach did more than sell books. Her bookstore was also a library, and she even prepared beds for writers visiting there. Ms. Beach was not only kind to people but also good at choosing books, so her bookstore was often visited by writers like Ernest Hemingway and James Joyce. But in 1941, after the Germans took power in Paris, Ms. Beach was told to close her bookstore.
In 1951, another American, George Whitman, opened in Paris another English-language bookstore, Librairie Mistral. Since then, just as Ms. Beach did, Mr. Whitman has also made his bookstore a library for people to borrow books, and a free hotel for writers to stay in. To remember Ms. Beach, Mr. Whitman changed the name of his bookstore to Shakespeare and Company in 1964, two years after Ms. Beach died.
Next time when you are in Paris, don't forget to visit this friendly bookstore, and see if you can spend a night there!
The question is: Ms. Beach closed her business because   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:she died
B:she left Paris
C:she was made to do it
D:she didn't manage it wellIt started as a game.Wendy and Peter were in River Park.They watched the boats in the river and visited the zoo.They played on the slides and swings.They watched the merry-go-round,but they did not have money for a ride.They ate their sandwiches at a picnic table.Suddenly Wendy jumped up.
"I know what to do,"she said."Look at all that junk under the tables.Let's pick it up."
So they picked up paper and empty boxes and cans.They put them in the green cans marked"Litter".Peter's dog Stoopy picked up some paper and ran away with it.Peter called him back and took it from him.Then they taught Stoopy to carry trash for them.They put it in the cans.They worked until there was no trash left on the picnic grounds.
The next day their friends Mario and Andy came to the park with them.They helped to tidy the picnic grounds again.Then they ran all over the park looking for litter.They tried to see who could find the most.After that,it was a game they played every time they came to the park.
One day,a man came with a camera.He watched what they were doing.He asked to take a picture for them.Then he took them all for a free ride on the merry-go-round,even Stoopy.The next day their picture was in the newspaper.It said."Five Litter Lifters at River Park".After that all their friends wanted to be litter lifters.It was the beginning of a club that was a model for others to follow.
The question is: What did the man with the camera do?
The possible answers are:
A:He helped the children pick up litter.
B:He helped them catch Peter's dog.
C:He took a picture of the litter lifters for a newspaper.
D:He took a picture of all the trash on the ground.It is evening,an old cock is sitting in a tall tree. A fox comes to the tree and looks at the cock .
"Hello,Mr Cock. I have some good news for you," says the fox.
"Oh?" says the cock,"what is it?"
"All the animals are good friends now. Let's be friends,too. Please come down and play with me."
"Fine!" says the cock,"I'm very glad to hear that." Then he looks up."Look! There is something over there."
"What are you looking at?" asks the fox.
"Oh,I see some animals over there. They are coming this way."
"Animals?""Yes,oh,they are dogs."
"What? Dogs!" asks the fox,"Well...well,I must go now. Goodbye."
"Wait,Mr Fox," says the cock,"Don't go. They are only dogs. And dogs are our friends now."
"Yes. But they don't know that yet."
"I see,I see," says the cock .He smiles and goes to sleep in the tree.
The question is: Are the dogs and the fox good friends?
The possible answers are:
A:Yes, they are.
B:No, they aren't
C:Yes, that's right
D:No, they areLester was walking in the street with two huge and heavy suitcases . A stranger walked up to him and asked ,"Have you got the time ?"
Lester stopped , put down the suitcases and looked at his watch ."It' s five fifteen ,"he said .
"Hey , what a nice watch !"said the stranger .
Lester smiled a little and said ,"Yes , it' s not bad . Look at this ."Then he showed the stranger a time display for the 86 largest cities in the world .
He hit a few buttons and a voice told the time in Chinese . Lester continued ,"Its voice can be set for different languages ."
The stranger seemed very interested in the watch .
"That' s not all ,"said Lester . He then pushed a few more buttons and a small map appeared on the watch ."The map can show where we are ,"explained Lester .
"I want to buy this watch !"said the stranger .
"Oh , no , I' m not selling it . I have spent nearly two years making it ,"said Lester .
"I' ll give you $ 1,000 for it !"
"Oh , no , I' ve already spent more than that ."
"I' ll give you $ 5,000 for it !"
Lester stopped to think . The stranger quickly gave him a check and said ,"$ 5,000 . Here it is ."
Lester finally agreed to sell the watch . When the stranger was going to leave with the watch , Lester pointed to the two huge suitcases and said ,"Hey , wait a minute . Don' t forget your batteries ."
The question is: The stranger paid   _   for the watch .
The possible answers are:
A:nothing
B:$ 1,000
C:$ 5,000
D:$ 4,000"I can't see clearly, because I don't wear my glasses today." We always hear people saying something like this. Glasses are very important to many people. Do you know how they were invented and developed?
Glasses took a long time to develop into what you can find in the glasses store today. The Chinese first used colored glasses as fashion. They thought that those glasses had magic, but they didn't think that glasses could help eyes to see clearly.
In 1262, the inventor, Roger Bacon, discovered the amazing function  of lenses , and he thought that glasses could be used to help people to see. Twenty years later, in Florence, Italy, the inventor, Alessandro di Spina, made the first pair of glasses that could help people to see.
Although these glasses worked, scientists didn't understand how glasses helped eyes to see. They thought that eyes sent out light onto whatever a person was looking at, and then the light came back to the eyes. Johannes Kepler finally found out how glasses worked.
Inventors continued to improve glasses. In 1784, Ben Franklin created glasses that had bifocal  lenses. Many years later, in 1827, George Airy made circle-shaped glasses to correct _ , an eye problem that stops the eyes from seeing things clearly.
The question is: _   made the first pair of glasses that could help people to see.
The possible answers are:
A:Alessandro di Spina
B:Johannes Kepler
C:Roger Bacon
D:George AiryAmerican country music is also known as   country western music .It has a very long history . It comes from the folk songs of immigrants  from Britain.
Country music users simple music and words to express everyday feelings such as loneliness, love , and sadness . That is to say , country music describes life . It talks about friends and  enemies , trucks and roads , farm and crops.. People in many parts of the world like country music, because everyone can understand what the music is about .
Country western music became popular first among cowboys  in the American west countryside . Cowboys had to take care of cows day and night. When they were alone with the cows, they often sang beautiful and peaceful songs to _ and to overcome their own fear .They were not well-educated and so they sang about their daily life in very simple words .They played guitars, violins. and other instruments. In the south of America ,  many people added instruments from their homes , like bottles and spoons, When cowboys visited their friends and families on holidays like Thanksgiving , they usually sang and played country western music .
In recent years ,many musicians have made country western music a little different from the one in the past.These changes make the songs sound even better.Today singers such as Carth Brooks.Reba McEntire. Emmylou Harris. Lyle Lovett,Eddie Rabbitt, LeAnn Rimes,Randy Travis and a group called Alabama are singing and playing in different styles.They have brought country western music more and more fans from all over the wold.
,.
The question is: Which of these is mentioned in the passage ?
The possible answers are:
A:Early immigrants lived a very simple life.
B:Many country music singers are not well-educated.
C:Cowboys usually played country western music on holidays.
D:In the west of America , cowboys added instruments from their homesMost American children begin to go to school when they are five years old. American schools begin in September. There are two terms in a school year. The first term is from September to January, and the second is from February to June. Then the students have a great summer vacation.
High school students have only four or five subjects each term. They usually have same lessons every day, and teachers don't ask them to do much homework. After school, they can do many interesting things like playing sports. Most students are seventeen years old when they finish high school.
After high school, many students go to college . They can go to a small one or big one. They need a lot of money to go to college. So many college students work after school to _ .
The question is: Many American college students work after school to   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:help other children
B:get money for their studies
C:meet lots of friends
D:see interesting things.Hunter and Nina are husband and wife. They get up at about 4:50 in the morning. When many people are still sleeping in their warm beds, they are working. They work outside and clean something. They don't work when it is raining. They also work on weekends
Her name is Sara. She sometimes goes to work in the morning, and sometimes goes to work at night When she is onduty. She works in a big building. There are many sick people in it. She wears a white hat and a white dress. She says, "I help doctors. I meet many people every day. I look after them. They need my help. That's my job. It's hard, but I like it."
Her name is Ann. She goes to work by bus every day. She works in a building. It opens at 8. a.m and closes at6.p.m.. There is a lot of good food, nice drinks and other things when she works. Children like to go there. She meets a lot of people every day. She often says, "Can I help you?" when she meets people. She says, "My work is not easy. I must stand all day and be friendly to everyone.
He is Jim's father. He usually leaves home very early. He doesn't work in a factory. He goes to work on foot or by bike. It is far from his home. He usually works in the day and has his lunch outside in the sun. His work is very hard.
The question is: What is Sara?
The possible answers are:
A:a cook
B:a doctor
C:a nurse
D:a teacherMy cousin Bob likes watching sports matches very much . He goes to the stadium  to watch football matches at the weekend. He is also good at playing football. Now he is in the Football Club. Beckham is his favourite football player. When Bob is free, he always buys newspapers about sports. He watches sports news on TV,too.
Bob's school is very big and beautiful. There is a football field, a tennis court and a swimming pool in it. He usually plays football with his friends after school. He wants to be a good football player.
The question is: Bob likes  _   very much.
The possible answers are:
A:reading comic books
B:writing sports news
C:watching sports matches
D:playing computer games.Now, everybody is taking _ . From your best friend to your favourite pop star, selfies are taking over Facebook and Sina Weibo. The word "selfie" was even named Word of the Year by Oxford Dictionaries in 2013. But why do people feel the need to take them? And are they doing us more harm than good?
According to some scientists, humans have an area in their brain that controls social activity. Receiving 'LIKE' on a selfie you have posted online can be the same as someone stopping you in the street and speak highly of you on your appearance.
The act of taking a selfie also puts you in a position of power. You are the director and the subject of your own work of art. It helps people feel in control of their appearance and can be a powerful tool.
But can it go too far? Scientists warn that too much time spent on selfies can influence people's confidence, especially in teenagers. If you are spending a lot of time choosing the perfect selfie clothes, then there could be a problem.
At the same time, posting selfies online can harm your personal relationships. UK studies found that many people find it hard to talk to people who are often posting selfies online.
So next time you want to use your smartphone  to take a quick selfie, it may be better to drop it straight back into your pocket.
The question is: The writer thinks taking selfies  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:is doing us more good than harm
B:is doing us more harm than good
C:brings us as much good as harm
D:brings us only harmThis is a mini bookstore.
There are ten books about sports. They are on Shelf A. There are nine books about History. They are on Shelf B. There are eleven books about games. They are on Shelf C. There are fifteen books about English. They are on Shelf D.
How many books are there on Shelf A,B,C and D? Do you know?
,. 1-4,5.
The question is: How many books are there in all ?
The possible answers are:
A:forty
B:thirty-five
C:forty-five
D:forty-oneWhen we talk about music, we can think of different kinds of it. Some people like pop music very much, but it often comes and goes so quickly. It shows our deep feelings of love, hate, joy and sadness in daily life, so it is quite popular among young people.
However, classical music is not so lucky among young people though it's the symbol of high music level. We know that classical music is serious music, so some people can't understand its real meaning. That's why it's not popular among youngsters.
In fact, folk music is different from other music forms.It's more traditional than entertainment  . In American history, fork music began to show up when people needed it most.The earliest folk songs were those like "Down by the Riverside", "We Shall over come" etc. Yhese are songs about hard life, but they are also full of hopes. Anyway , anybody can understand folk music and it also welcomes everyone to join.
,.
The question is: . What kind of music is not popular among young people?
The possible answers are:
A:Classical music
B:Country music
C:Pop music
D:Folk musicIn April this year, lots of bags full of small change  were seen at bus stops in Tianjin. They were made for passengers to turn their notes into small change. And such an idea came from four students from Zhongbei Middle School, Tianjin.
"People will surely feel worried when they take a bus without coins. We just want to do something to help them," said Wang Yongcun, 15, one of the four students.
The four boys spent their whole weekend making the change bags. After that they went to see the number of the passengers at each bus stop near their school, and then chose the top six stops to put the bags.
Many people think that the four boys have really done a good job. But, things didn't go as the boys thought. Two days later, they found that the money was gone, and that even the bags were taken. It really made them sad but they would not give up. Their classmates and teachers came to help them in time. They put their pocket money in bags again. And the teachers also taught them to make better change bags. They tried their best to do it.
The four boys feel very happy because they have done something good for the passengers. Their warm hearts are moving. More and more people are beginning to join in the activity.
The question is: The change bags were put   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:on the buses
B:at the bus stops
C:under the desks
D:near the parksThree travelers, Allan, Carl and Paul were sitting on the chairs in a train station. They were waiting for a train that was very late.
To pass the time, they began talking to each other.
At first, they talked about the weather and their work. Then Paul said, "Tell me--what would you most like to do if your doctor tell you that you have only three months to live?"
The other two men thought about this for a while, then Carl spoke.
"Well," he said, "if I have only three months to live, I'll take all my money out of the bank and go to foreign countries for holidays with my best friend, Erik. I'd like to travel to the places in the world as many as possible. And I'll stay at the best hotels and then eat the best food. I think I'll have a wonderful time."
"That's very interesting." Paul said.
With these words, he turned to the other man, saying, "And what about you?"
"I'll tell you a secret," Allan said. "I always want to be a racing driver. So if I have only three months to live, the first thing I'd like to do is to sell my house. With the money I'll buy the fastest car in the world. Maybe I can enter all the big motor races."
Then he laughed, "I might even end up (......) world champion."
"Now it's your turn," Allan went on, "If your doctor tell you the bad news, what would you most like to do?"
"Oh," said Paul with a smile. "I'll go and see another doctor."
The question is: Which sentence is right according to the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:The train didn't arrive on time.
B:Paul wanted to buy a racing car very much.
C:Allan was the second man to answer the question.
D:Carl didn't like traveling at all.Reading is very important. World Book Day falls on April 23 every year. It encourages people, especially teenagers, to discover the pleasure of reading. It is also the day to honor   great writers.
Many countries celebrate   World Book Day. On that day, millions of school children can buy books at a much lower price than usual in any bookstore in England. It has been done every year since 1998. World Book Day is also celebrated in China. Wen Jiabao, Premier of China, is an avid reader. He does lots of reading every day though he is very busy. On World Book Day 2009, he called on   people to do more reading. Wen suggested that young people should spend more time reading. "Books can not change the world, but people can change the world by changing themselves through reading," he said.
Reading helps us become more knowledgeable and smarter. Reading helps us to follow the latest developments of science and technology  . Reading gives us information about other cultures and places in the world. Reading is also one of the most important ways to learn a foreign language like English. We all know that it is difficult to learn everything in the classroom, for example, the ways English people are living and working today can be learnt by reading.
Books, magazines, newspapers and other kinds of reading materials can help us to know more about the outside world. Therefore, it is necessary for us to spend time reading every day.
The question is: World Book Day was set up in order to encourage people to   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:learn foreign languages
B:do more reading
C:buy more books
D:know more about scienceWinter is dangerous because it's so difficult to know what is going to happen and accidents take place so easily. Fog can be waiting to meet you over the top of a hill. Ice might be hiding under the melting snow, waiting ahead to send you off the road. The car coming to you may suddenly slip across the road.
Rule Number One for driving on icy roads is to drive smoothly . Sudden movements can make a car very difficult to control. So every time you either start or stop your car, increase or reduce your speed, you must be as gentle and slow as possible. Suppose you are driving with a full cup of hot coffee on the seat next to you. Drive so that you wouldn't spill  it.
Rule Number Two is to pay attention to what might happen. The more ice there is, the further down the road you have to look. Test how long it takes to gently stop your car. Remember that you may be driving more quickly than you think. Generally, allow twice of your usual stopping distance when the road is wet, three times this distance on snow, and even more on ice. Try to stay in control of your car at all times and you will not get into trouble.
The question is: According to the passage, the writer thinks that  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:people should not drive in the snow
B:drivers should think more about problems in winter driving
C:people drive too fast in winter
D:winter drivers should stop their cars lessDear Peter,
I know that you are coming to Hefei next week. Welcome to my home. Let me tell you the way to my house. You will live in Changjiang Hotel on Changjiang Street, won't you? OK! Changjiang Street is a famous and busy street in our city. You can start from your hotel and go straight along Tongcheng Street. You pass two small streets: Hongxing Street and Lujinag Street. When you see an overbridge ,please turn right and go along Huangcheng Street. It's an old street, but it's clean. There's a big park on the street. It's beautiful and clean. When you get to Jinzhai Street, please turn left and go along it. You will pass Wuhu Street and Tunxi Street. Then you can see a KFC on your right. There's a supermarket across from the KFC and my house is near the supermarket. There's a pay phone in front of the KFC. You can call me there and I will go to meet you.
I hope you will have a good trip.
Yours, Li Li
The question is: How many streets are mentioned in this letter?
The possible answers are:
A:6.
B:7.
C:8
D:9Today it is found that school students hardly pay much attention to sports.It is because they have no interest in sports? It may not be the fact.They often say they have other more important things to do.
What are these important things? Examination! They have to spend much time on all kinds of examinations and tests at school,so many of them almost become bookworm .In the summer holidays of the last year,they had to put all the time to their study.So books stopped them from enjoying sports.
Because of the pressure from their parents and teachers,they have to work harder and spend most of their time on books.As for the students themselves,they want to get good results so that they can go to famous high schools.So it seems necessary to stop their school sports for saving more time to study.
In fact,education cannot go without physical exercise,because a quick mind hardly goes along with a weak body.If you don't have a strong body, you can never achieve anything,let alone a great success in your life.
The question is: According to the passage,students' pressure come from the following except    _  .
The possible answers are:
A:parents
B:teachers
C:themselves
D:brothers and sistersBody language shows all kinds of feelings and is sometimes more important than spoken language.A smile is a usual facial expression----it shows that you are friendly to others. However, it does not always mean that you are happy. A smile can hide other feelings, like anger, fear, or worry.
In most countries, nodding the head up and down shows agreement, while shaking the head means that you do not agree, or that you would not like to do something. If you stand holding your arms across your chest, you may be protecting yourself---just from a conversation you do not want! If you sit looking at the person you are talking to and then turn toward to him, it shows that you are interested. If you roll your eyes and turn your head away, most likely you do not believe what you are hearing, or you do not like what you hear.
The question is: Body language shows  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:all kinds of feelings
B:some special feelings
C:nothing
D:only happy feelingsI remember reading a story once about a man who found a bag with a lot of clay   balls by the seashore. They didn't look like much, but they intrigued (......) the man so he took the bag with him.
As he walked along the beach, to pass the time, he would throw the clay balls one at a time out into the ocean as far as he could throw.
He thought little about it until he dropped one of the balls and it broke open on a rock. Inside was a beautiful, precious stone   . Excited, the man started breaking open the remaining clay balls. Each contained a similar treasure. He found thousands of dollars worth of jewels   in the 20 or so clay balls he had left. Then it struck him.
He had been on the beach for a long time. He had thrown maybe 50 or 60 of the clay balls with their hidden treasure into the ocean waves. Instead of thousands of dollars in treasure, he could have had tens of thousand, but he just threw it all away.
You know sometimes, it's like that with people, we look at someone, maybe even ourselves, and we see the external   clay vessel. It doesn't look like much from the outside. It isn't always beautiful, so we discount(,) it, we see that person as less important than someone more beautiful or well-known or wealthy.
There is a treasure in each and every one of us. If we take the time to get to know that person, and if we ask God to show us that person the way He sees him, then _
The question is: It is clear that   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:the man was a fool
B:the man would know people better
C:the man got tens of thousands of dollars
D:the man have got more moneyA baby giraffe is born 10 feet high and usually lands on its back. Bringing a giraffe into the world is _ . In his book, A View from the Zoo, Gary Richmond describes how a new-born giraffe learns its first lesson.
The mother giraffe lowers her head long enough to take a quick look. Then she puts herself directly over her child. She waits for about a minute, and then she does the most unreasonable thing. She throws her long leg and kicks her baby, so that it's sent sprawling  .
When it doesn't get up, what the mother has done is repeated again and again. The struggle   to rise is important. As the baby giraffe grows tired, the mother kicks it again. Finally, it stands for the first time. Then the mother giraffe kicks it off again. Why? She wants it to remember how it can get up. In the wild, a baby giraffe must be able to get up as quickly as possible to stay with its group, where there's safety.
Another writer named Irving Stone understood this. He spent a lifetime studying great people, writing stories about such men as Michelangelo, Vincent van Gogh, Sigmund Freud, and Charles Darwin.
Stone was once asked if he had found something unusual about these great people. He said, "I write about people who sometime in their life have a dream of something. They're beaten over the head, knocked down and for years they get nowhere. But every time they stand up again. And at the end of their lives they've realized some small parts of what they set out   to do."
The question is: The writer mainly wants to tell the readers that  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:the giraffe is an unusual animal
B:we should learn to be a careful writer
C:learning to get up leads to success
D:A View from the Zoo is a good book to readHans Christian Andersen 
Hans Christian Andersen is a great writer. He wrote many popular stories for children all over the world. April 2 is his birthday and it is also Children's Book Day.
Andersen was born  in 1805. When he was a little boy, his father read him a story every day. He felt very happy at that time. But his father died when he was 11 years old. Then he had to leave school. Andersen started working as an actor and singer. He loved reading books so much that he went back to school at 17. His first book _ in 1835. From then on, he wrote about one book a year for 37 years.
There will be a park about Andersen's sales  and life in Shanghai. If you like Andersen, you can go there to learn about his life and tales, and you can play games too.
,.
The question is: Andersen liked stories because of  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:his jobs
B:his father
C:his school
D:his friendsDid you hear of the supercomputer? Recently, China's Tianhe-1   was ranked as the world's fastest supercomputer, according to a new list of world's TOP 500 supercomputers.
It took 200 Chinese scientists two years to build the fastest supercomputer. It can do 2,507 trillion   calculations in a second! That means it will take a personal computer 600 years to finish the work that a supercomputer does in a day!
The US now leads the world in the area of supercomputers. It is home to more than half of the world's top 500 supercomputers. Japan also has advanced technology. China is developing its supercomputer technology quickly. But experts say it will take years before China's total computing power can catch up with that of the US.
Supercomputers can work on many different things. They can solve problems in areas like national defense  , energy and science. In business, you can also use supercomputers. Oil companies use them to find oil and gas. Banks use them for quick trades. Food companies even use supercomputers to make sure that they put potato chips into cans without breaking them.
To make a supercomputer, scientists first need to link   thousands of small computers together. Then they use software to turn them into one supercomputer. In fact, any person with enough knowledge about computers can make a supercomputer. But you need the top technology to make a supercomputer run fast.
The question is: According to the passage, to make a supercomputer,  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:you needn't know enough knowledge about computers
B:you need to know how to play computer games
C:scientists first need to link thousands of small computers together
D:scientists first need to make some softwareOne day a strong cowboy was traveling on his horse when he saw a bar. He decided to stop for a few drinks, so he tied  his horse outside the bar, walked into the bar and ordered two bottles of beer. This cowboy was new in town. He looked around and noticed some people making faces to him. He guessed that they might play some tricks   on him, but he said nothing and continued to drink. After drinking, he walked out of the bar and found his horse lost.
However, he kept calm, came back into the bar, and said slowly, " I don't know what you fools did to my horse out there... but I'm leaving in five minutes, and by then if my horse isn't back where it's supposed to be, well ... I have to do here what I did in Texas!" The cowboy added, "And I don't want to do what I did in Texas!" After hearing these words, the other customers seemed a little bit frightened.
The cowboy went back to his seat and ordered another two bottles of beer. After five minutes, he walked out and found his horse tied where it was supposed to be.
Just as he was leaving, the boss of the bar came up and asked curiously   , "What was the thing that you did in Texas but you didn't want to do here?"
The cowboy turned to the boss and replied in a low voice, " I had to walk home!"
,. (5)
The question is: The cowboy drank   _  of beer at the bar in all.
The possible answers are:
A:five bottles
B:four bottles
C:three bottles
D:two bottlesMr. Jenkins is fifty years old. He has taught math in a middle school for twenty-six years. He works hard and always come to his office on time. He hopes his students can be honest and is strict with them. Some of his students become famous persons,but they still remember him and often write to him. Of course the old man is proud of it.
This term he began to teach Grade One. Some of the new students were told about him, but the others didn't know him well. He told them how to be an honest person. He gave them several examples and said,"I hate telling a lie most."
Before class was over,he told all his students to finish Exercise 8 in Unit 1.The next morning,as soon as he came in the classroom,he asked,"Who's finished Exercise 8? "
A few students put up their hands. He shook his head and said. "Open your workbooks and see if there's Exercise 8 in Unit 1 or not."
The students had a look at their books and their faces turned red at once.
The question is: What is Mr. Jenkins proud of?
The possible answers are:
A:All his students have become honest.
B:All his students often write to him.
C:He's been a teacher for twenty-six years.
D:Some of his students become famous and often write to him.An artist went to a beautiful place of the country for a holiday, and stayed with a farmer. Every day he went out and painted from morning to evening. When it got dark, he came back to the farm and had a good dinner before he went to bed.
At the end of his holiday he wanted to pay the farmer, but the farmer said, "No, I don't want money but give me one of your pictures. What is money? In a week it will all be finished, but your painting will be here."
The artist was very pleased and thanked the farmer for saying such kind words. The farmer smiled and said, "I have a son in London. He wants to become an artist. When he comes here next month, I will show him your picture, and then he will not want to be an artist any more, I believe."
The question is: He liked painting   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:in a house
B:in the open air
C:because he would do well in painting
D:with the most important artistNew Baby Brother
I was sitting in school when I heard the news.
"Your baby brother is born,and wants to see you!"
Dad got me from school and to the hospital with no delay.
Hurrying on our journey,he almost forgot the way!
My brother's hands were tiny,and wrinkly soft, like a prune.
After he smiled at me,Mom said, "He'll come home soon!"
Everyone "oohing" and "aahing",they say "He is so sweet.
And one day he'll walk around on those little baby feet!"
The question is: The writer's   _   took the writer to the hospital to see the baby brother.
The possible answers are:
A:father
B:mother
C:brother
D:teacherA little girl walked to and from school every day.Though it was not fine and clouds appeared in the sky that morning, the little girl made her daily trip to school as usual. When school was over, winds became stronger and it began to rain.
The mother of the little girl felt worried that her daughter would be afraid when she walked home from school and that lightning  might make her child scared. Following the bright light of lightning, the mother quickly got into her car and drove to her child's school.
As the mother drove along the road, she saw her little girl walking alone in the rain. To her great surprise, she found that when a lightning came, her daughter stopped, looked up and smiled. Another lightning came and then another followed. With each lightning, the little girl stopped, looked up and smiled.
Inside the car, the motherasked her daughter, "What were you doing? Why did you look up and smile when the lightning came ?" The little girl answered with a smile, "Mum, you know, God was looking at me. Each time I felt a little afraid walking in the rain.God would take a picture of me. I knew he was playing a game with me''.
The question is: According to the article, we can know that the little girl was   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:shy
B:brave
C:nervous
D:afraidBetty is an American girl. She is thirteen. She is in Beijing with her parents. She doesn't know much Chinese. She can't speak Chinese well. Sometimes her friends don't understand her.
It's Sunday morning. She's going to the zoo to see the pandas. She's waiting  at the bus stop. At the bus stop she asks a Chinese boy how to go to the zoo. But the boy can't understand her. Then she takes out a pen and some paper. She draws a panda on the paper and shows the picture to the boy. The boy smiles and then shows her the way to the zoo.
The question is: She is going to the zoo  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:by bike
B:by bus
C:by train
D:on footTomorrow is Mother's Day. Susan wants to give a present to her mother. Father tells her to go to the shop and try to find something. Susan hurries  to the shopping center  and goes to the women's store. She has $3.00. First she thinks she will get her mother something to wear. Then she thinks she will buy something for her to use  .
But she only has $3.00. She can't buy any nice dress. She sees a nice red hat. She knows her mother will like it. But it is too expensive. It is $10.00.
The saleslady looks at her and then looks at the hat. She takes off  the price tag  and says, "That's exactly  $3.00. "
The question is: Why does Susan want to give a present to her mother?
The possible answers are:
A:She loves her mother.
B:Her father asks her.
C:Tomorrow is Mother's Day.
D:She is a good girl.Look at this.It's a blue bag.It is my bag.What's in it? Look,this is my English book.It's blue,too.My Chinese book is also in my bag.It is yellow.This is my pencil box.It's big and nice.I like English and Chinese.My bag is my good friend.
The question is: My bag is   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:yellow
B:blue
C:nice
D:bigEaster is one of the two important Christian festivals.Easter celebrates resurrections   of Jesus Christ and Christmas celebrates his birth.It's not a festival as big as Christmas.It starts usually in late March or early April and the Easter holiday is Friday, Saturday, Sunday and Monday.It's quite a long holiday for everybody.
The main symbol of Easter is Easter eggs.Children like Easter eggs because they are made of chocolate.Eggs are a symbol of new life.
Easter is also a time for families to get together like Christmas.Many people see Easter as a nice long holiday and they have a good time with their families and friends.
The question is: Easter eggs are   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:covered by chocolate
B:chocolate eggs
C:a symbol of death
D:not foodDaveDean is a great musician. He is an early bird. He usually gets up at six o'clock in the morning. After he gets up, he drinks some water first. Next, he brushes his teeth. Then, he plays football with his friends. At half past seven, he eats his breakfast. After that, he often plays the violin. At about eight o'clock he takes the number 66 bus to work.
Where does he work? Well, he has a music club. He teaches violin and drums in the club. There he helps kids with the violin and the drums from Monday to Friday. On weekends, he has a show. Oh, Dave is very good with kids. Do you love violin and drums? Do you want to join his club? You can call him at 010-6698.
The question is: We can watch Dave's show  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:on Monday
B:on Friday
C:from Monday to Friday
D:on weekendsOne day an old man is selling  a big elephant . A young man comes to the elephant and begins to look at it slowly. The old man goes up to him and says in his ear, "Don't say anything about the elephant before I sell it. Then I will give you twenty dollars." "All right," says the young man. After the old man sells the elephant, he gives the young man twenty dollars and says, "Now, can you tell me how you found  the elephant's bad ears ?""I didn't find the bad ears," says the young man. "Then why are you looking at the elephant slowly?" asks the old man. The young man answers, "Because I didn't see an elephant before, and I want to know what it looks like."
The question is: _  the elephant.
The possible answers are:
A:The young man sells
B:The old man sells
C:The two men sell
D:The old man buysThis is a new picture. There are four boys and three girls in the room. They are all students. The boy on the desk is Jim. The girl near the window is Kate. Jim's sister Jane is on the chair. Ann and Mike are at the door. Mike's brother Sam is under the table. Where is Tom? Oh, he is over there, near the door. They are all very happy.
The question is: Sam is  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:Mike's sister
B:Jim's brother
C:Kate's sister
D:Mike's brotherHere are some facts about homes in the United States and the people who live in them. In the early 1990s, about 50% of the Americans own their homes and the rest rent  their homes. The rented homes are usually apartments .
74% of the people in the US make their homes in or around cities. 26% live in the country. Dogs live in about 40% of all homes in the US. About half that number have cats.
Families in the US are becoming smaller. On the average ,2.64 people lived in a home in the early 1990s. In 1960, the average was 3.5.
Half of the teenagers in the US have their own bedrooms.
An American moves, on the average,twelve times in his or her life. In Japan, a person moves about five times, and in England a person moves eight times.
The question is: Families in the US are  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:becoming bigger
B:becoming smaller
C:no change
D:not sureToday Newtown is a very clean place. But many years ago, there were millions of rats in Newtown. They attacked  the cats and dogs. Sometimes a lot of them knocked down a man or woman walking home at night. The rats were very big in size and they hurt many people.
The government   ordered   everybody to kill rats. Most people were lazy, so they did not kill many. Then the government decided to pay some money for each dead rat. That made the people very happy. They killed thousands of rats every day. A government officer put all the dead rats in a big pile . Sometimes a man brought hundreds in one day.
After two weeks there were not many rats in the city, but people still brought many rats to the government office. The government officer thought that people were stealing   dead rats from the pile. He ordered his men to dig a deep hole and put the rats in it. Soon there were no more rats, and the government did not pay any more money.
The question is: The people killed rats   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:to get some money for the dead bodies
B:because the rats attacked them at night
C:to help the government make the city clean
D:to pay the government as a taxHere are some of the fastest animals in the animal world. Let me tell you that a man can run 20 to 25 miles an hour.
Heavy people can not run very fast. But some heavy animals can.Black rhinos are more than 3,500 pounds. They can run almost 30 miles an hour. Cheetahs are the fastest land animal over short distances .They can run over 70 miles an hour. But they get tired quickly and usually stop after a few minutes.Pronghorn antelopes are the fastest animals over long distances. They can run 35 miles an hour for many miles. Their top speed is more than 50 miles an hour.Ostriches can't fly, but they can run faster than other birds. They can run 43 miles an hour for a short distance. And can keep up a speed of more than 30 miles an hour over long distances.
The question is: How heavy may a black rhino be?
The possible answers are:
A:More than 4,500 pounds.
B:More than 3,500 pounds.
C:2,000 pounds.
D:1,500 pounds.Television has taken the place of schools as the main educator  in America. There are several reasons for this. First, there is the number of hours. While Americans spend about 13,000 hours in schools, they spend 15,000 to 16,000 hours in front of a TV set. Second is the age at which viewers  start watching TV. People start watching and understanding TV at about the age of 3, which is several years before they start to do school work. Finally, there is the number of viewers. About 90,000,000 young people are attending school, but most of the Americans watch TV every day. It seems, then, that TV shows are taking the place of teachers and professors as the educators in America.
The question is: The first reason shows   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:now children go to school less often than their parents did
B:in his life an American spends more time watching TV than at school
C:a TV program usually gives lessons of 15,000--16,000 hours
D:parents think 13,000 hours of school is not enoughMr. White is an American. He is 38. He teaches science in a school now. He is always busy. Every day he gets up early and gets home late. He is strict in his work. His favorite sport is soccer. He often plays soccer with his students on Fridays. He wants to be a newspaper reporter because he likes writing stories. He hopes he can come to China next year.
,(10)
The question is: What does he do now?
The possible answers are:
A:A teacher
B:A reporter
C:A worker
D:A doctorMost Americans don't like to get advice from their family. When they need advice, they don't usually ask people they know. They often write letters to newspapers and magazines. And these newspapers and magazines can give advice on many different subjects such as family problems, language learning and how to buy a house and so on.
Most newspapers publish   letters from readers with problems. And they would also publish the answers to the letters. There are many writers giving advice to newspapers. Some of these writers are doctors, and some are teachers or lawyers . One of the best writers is a woman. Although she doesn't have special learning for this kind of work, experience helps her a lot to give advice. She is named Angel. She started writing advice for newspapers at the age of ten. Her advice to young readers now is in acolumn   called DEAR ANGEL in the Philadelphia Bulletin.
The question is: Which of the following is notmentioned  to give advice to newspapers?
The possible answers are:
A:Teachers.
B:Doctors.
C:Captains.
D:Lawyers.Looking for a new way to raise money for charity  ? Has your school run out of clever and fun ideas? Don't give up. There are several ways to support your favorite charity.
How about organizing a car wash? Everybody who has a car sooner or later washes it or has it washed. So why don't you and your classmates do the job? The money the car owners pay for having their cars washed will go towards your charity. When we did it, we had an amazing time! At first, some of us were worried about getting wet or dirty and it's true. But we also had fun, and at the end of the day it was really worth it!
On the other hand, if you don't feel like getting wet or messy, but have some musical talent, how about organizing a street concert? Street musicians can make a lot of money, and so can you if you've got the talent and courage it takes to play in front of _ . You just need to find a suitable place, practice for a few hours with your friends first, and give it a try!
I hope the above ideas have helped you a bit, and if you've got any other great suggestions, we would love to hear them and practice them, too. Good luck!
The question is: The writer of the passage is most probably a   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:student
B:parent
C:driver
D:singerEveryone  needs to be healthy.
Do you eat healthy food every day? It's important  for your health. You need fruit, like oranges, apples and bananas. _ " You also need vegetables, like carrots and broccoli. Fruit and vegetables are good for our health. But don't eat lots of chocolate. It's not good healthy food. What about dessert? Don't eat lots of dessert because it's not good for your health. Many people eat lots of chocolate and dessert, so they are _ . Sports can also keep you healthy. Play sports every day. Don't be lazy. You can be healthy.
The question is: What keeps you healthy?
The possible answers are:
A:Food.
B:Sports.
C:Healthy food.
D:Healthy food and sports.I like visiting museums on weekends. In them I can see lots of interesting things. In London there are lots of museums. Across from my house is the British Museum. Going to the museum is free but I don't like going there. In the museum I can't speak with people. I can't touch  the things and I can't take photos.
The Science Museum is not near my home and I can't take photos in it. But I like going there, because I can run, touch the things and speak with people in it. In the museum, I can also do some interesting things by myself. It's a good way to learn about science. The Science Museum is _ from 10 am to 6 pm every day. If you have time, please visit it. It's my favorite place in the world.
The question is: In the Science Museum, people can't   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:run
B:speak with people
C:take photos
D:touch the thingsKangkang's father is a doctor. When SARS, a kind of serious disease, spread in Beijing, he took an active part in the battle against it. He left his wife and his son to work in the Xiaotangshan Hospital. He cared for the patients day and night. He couldn't go home and he could only talk with family on the telephone. "Do you miss your family?" asked a reporter. "Yes, of course. It's my duty to save the patients," Doctor Lee answered.
The question is: How did his father talk with his family?
The possible answers are:
A:In the hospital
B:On the phone
C:Face to face
D:We don't know.To write a great news story , you have to make sure it is correct , relevant   and fresh..
For a start, all the information in a story must be correct. Not only the spelling and grammar, but also the facts.
Any mistakes that appear   in a story can get a newspaper into big trouble.
For example, if a newspaper said that Yang Liwei was the first man to go into space, it would be wrong. He wasn't the first. The newspaper would probably lose lots of readers because of that mistake.
A news story is not only correct ,but also relevant to its readers . People are mostly interested in news that happens near to them . That is why you care more about what happens at your school that at American schools. It is also why newspapers in Beijing don 't talk about much news in Shanghai or Hong Kong.
Finally, news must always be fresh . When you pick up your evening newspaper, you want to read about news that happens that day. You don't want to read about news from last week !
So, now you know what makes a good news story . Have a good look at our newspaper and see if it is full of good news .you can try writing a news story for our newspaper like a real  reporter.
The question is: Which of the following is true?
The possible answers are:
A:A small mistake can't get a newspaper into trouble.
B:A lot of people like reading about news from last week.
C:The passage doesn't tell us who was the first man to go into space.
D:People are mostly interested in news that happens far away from them.My name is Jack. I am a pupil of Grade One. I'm in No.1 Middle School. On weekdays I get up at six o'clock. I have breakfast at seven and then I go to school by bike. We begin our class at eight o'clock in the morning. We have four classes in the morning and three in the afternoon.
At noon, I have lunch at home. Classes are over at four fifteen in the afternoon. After class, we often play football in the afternoon. I go home at about five.
I have supper at about six thirty in the evening. I do my homework at seven thirty.
At weekend, I watch TV. I often go to bed at ten. I'm very happy.
,.
The question is: Jack is a pupil in   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:Class One
B:Grade One
C:Class Two
D:Grade TwoOne of the easiest ways to keep healthy is to do jogging. Jogging is the name for a very gentle  running--it is just a little faster than walking.
Start slow jog 20 meters, then walk 20 meters. Little by little, if you are not feeling very tired, you may do more jogging and less walking. Finally, jog the whole way. It will be easy for you to start jogging for 15 minutes twice a week, slowly, increase  this to 20~30minutes every day. The longer you join in jogging, the more you enjoy it and the healthier you will become. Some people like jogging alone, and others enjoy doing it with friends. Jogging in groups makes more people keener , because you just can not stay in bed while there is a group of friends waiting outside.
If you want to start jogging, prepare  a pair of comfortable shoes and _ mind.
The question is: If you want to start jogging, what you need most is   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:a pair of comfortable shoes and a determined mind
B:a sports suit and a lot of students
C:a partner and a good plan
D:a strong body"Basketball is not only for young people," my grandpa often says.
Grandpa is a retired   teacher. He likes basketball. He isn't tall or strong. And he can not run fast. But he is a member of a basketball team.
"I play for 15 minutes in every game," says Grandpa. "I can score 10 points   for my team." He is right. He is really good at basketball. I learn a lot from him.
Grandpa plays basketball with his friends. They play for about an hour every time. Sometimes their team comes to our school. And they play with our school team. Then the young students and the old people can have fun together.
"What is sport? Sport is a game to make people healthy and happy," Grandpa tells me.
The question is: What's the best title   of the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:I have a kind grandpa
B:My happy family
C:How to keep healthy
D:My grandpa loves sportsMany people think heroes need to be handsome, rich, or very smart. But as for me, a hero is a person who always helps others. My hero is Uncle Bill. He is the oldest son of a worker, and he grew up in a poor family with four younger brothers and two little sisters.
He was good at neither writing nor math. In fact, he never did well in school. so he  had to give up school at a very young age. He worked and gave all his money to help his parents. When he was getting older, he found that he was very interested in fixing things. he collected broken things which people threw away and fixed them into good ones. He could fix almost everything that did not work. He worked hard never gave up. Finally, he opened his own repair shop. It took him about 20 years to become a successful shopkeeper . 
Now, he is very rich and has four shops. But he never forgets the days when he had nothing. He gives money to poor families, helps poor kids buy books and offers them free lunch. He also encourages people to reuse things. He always says :Make good use of what you have because we just have one earth.
I am proud of Uncle Bill. He is really a hero.
The question is: Whats the best title for this passage?
The possible answers are:
A:Uncle Bill -My Hero.
B:I want to have an uncle.
C:Save Our Earth.
D:Can you help me?Jenny is a nice girl. She likes to playing soccer. And she watches soccer games on TV every day. But she doesn't like playing baseball. She has some friends in her class. They are Tom, Mary, Susan and Linda.
Tom likes playing ping - pong. He has some nice ping - pong bats, He usually plays ping - pong with his friends after school. Mary likes playing volleyball. She is in a volleyball club .But she doesn't like playing basketball. Susan likes singing. She has many CDs. They are in her desk. Linda is ten years old. She doesn't like doing any sports, but she likes making model planes.
The question is: Where are Susan's CDs?
The possible answers are:
A:In the drawer.
B:On the bed.
C:In the desk.
D:On the bookcase.Earth Day is on April 22nd. People say thanks to the Earth and learn ways to keep the Earth safe and clean. But saving the Earth is not just for grow-ups. Kids are also taking an active part in it.
The American writer and filmmaker Lynne made a film called Young Voices for the Planet. It lists a lot of stories about different kids who help to keep our environment clean.
Team Marine, US  A group of students at Santa Monica High School started an organization called Team Marine. They tell people why plastic bags are bad for sea animals and environment. In 2011, they successfully made lawmakers  in their city stop people using plastic bags.
Felix, 15 Germany  In 2007, a 9-year-old boy, Felix, started a club. Plant for the Planet . It encourages children around the world to plant trees in their own countries. Felix helped plant 25 million trees in Germany and 120 million trees worldwide.
Alec, 17, us  When he was 12, Alec set up Kids VS Global  Warming. It teaches kids about weather change and ways to stop the world getting warmer and warmer. Alec travels widely to encourage people to help stop global warming. He has given more than 70 talks across the country.
Olivia, 13, US  When Olivia was 11, she heard about the 2010 oil spill  in gulf  of Mexico. She painted 500 pictures of birds to raise money for the clean-up. She raised more than $200,000 to protect  birds and other wild animals.
The question is: According to the passage, we know   _   doesn't agree to use plastic bags.
The possible answers are:
A:Felix
B:Alec
C:Team Marine
D:OliviaRose has four cousins.They are Ann, Betty, Peter and Bill.Pose is the oldest of them.Betty is thirteen years old.She is two years younger than Pose and one year older than Peter.Bill is nine.Ann, the youngest is seven.
Betty and Peter are good at running.But Peter runs faster.Pose and Ann like to play basketball.Rose plays better than Ann.Bill is the best singer of them five.Rose an Betty study in a middle school.Ann, Peter and Bill study in a primary school.These five children all work hard at their lessons.But Betty works the hardest.
The question is: Who are middle school student?
The possible answers are:
A:All of them
B:None of them
C:Rose and Betty
D:Bill, Peter and Ann.Long ago, Bluebird's feathers were the colour of dust. She did not like her ugly colour. She was attracted by the colour of the lake near her home. It was as blue as the sky after a storm. Bluebird wanted to be the colour of that beautiful lake very much. Flapping her wings one morning, Bluebird flew from her tree to the blue lake. Then she bathed in the water three times. After each bath, she sang, "Blue water. Still water. I went in. I am blue." Bluebird repeated this every morning. On the third day, she came out of the lake with beautiful blue feathers.
Now Coyote was a trickster --and hungry too. He stayed behind Bluebird's tree for a long time every day and watched her go to the lake. He pretended  to be interested in everything she did. He wanted Bluebird for lunch, but he was afraid of the blue water. On the third morning, Coyote saw Bluebird come out of the lake with beautiful blue feathers. Impressed, he sat next to Bluebird's tree and waited for her. When she returned, he asked, "How did you get blue feathers? I want to be blue like the mountains too." Bluebird didn't believe Coyote, but she taught him how to bathe three times each morning and how to sing her song. Coyote did what she said, and after three days of bathing in the lake, his white fur turned deep blue.
Convinced  that blue fur was even more beautiful than blue feathers, Coyote forgot all about being hungry. He ran as fast as he could to the top of the hill. Standing on his back legs, he raised his front legs off the ground and howled. But Coyote slipped  and rolled down the hill. He couldn't stop himself, and the dust and dirt covered his new blue fur. He rolled and rolled until he hit into Bluebird's tree heavily. No matter how much he tried, foolish Coyote could not shake the dust from his fur. And so the fur of all coyotes had the dull colour of dust to this very day.
The question is: How many times did Bluebird bathe every morning before she had beautiful blue feathers?
The possible answers are:
A:Three times.
B:Four times.
C:Five times.
D:Six times.Audrey is a Chinese-American student. She has found many value differences between Chinese and Americans.
About money
Americans would like to spend more than they have, so many of them are always in debt . Chinese usually spend less than they have, so many of them have money left in the bank.
American kids love to make money by themselves. Chinese kids always ask their parents for money.
American parents think it is not useful to send their children to an expensive university. Chinese parents would do anything to send their children to a good university and that might make them very poor sometimes.
About school
Many American girls take part in sports, dancing and singing groups while Chinese girls take part in _ groups.
Some American students think that "B" is a gift while Chinese students think that "B" is terrible.
American parents and Chinese parents
American parents allow their daughters or sons to go out to have some part-time jobs in their free time or at the weekends. Chinese parents usually don't allow their children to do so in middle or high schools.
The question is: Which of the following is NOT mentioned in the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:Chinese parents usually give their kids money.
B:American children love to make money by themselves.
C:The reason why Chinese parents would do anything to send their children to good universities.
D:Americans usually spend more money than they have.I was in the park with my elder sister, Cathy, on Friday. My sister left her jacket on a chair while we talked to some friends. When we went back to the chair, a girl in a red T-shirt was sitting there. She had some money in her hand. When she saw us, she stood up and walked away.
I asked my sister, "Did you have any money in your jacket?"
She said, "Yes, Anna, I did."
I said, "Look in your jacket quickly."
Cathy looked in her jacket, but her money was not there.
"That girl stole it!" I said, and we both ran after her. We caught her quickly.
My sister was very angry and she said, "Give me the money." The girl gave the money to Cathy and ran away. We both ran after her, but we lost her.
Then we went home. But before we could tell our parents, my mother said to Cathy, "You left your money at home. It's on the table in the sitting room. You must be more careful with money."
So the girl in the red T-shirt was not a thief! She probably thought we were thieves! We felt terrible.
Please telephone us if you know this girl! We are very sorry for our mistake. We would like to say sorry to her and give the money back to her.
Our number is 512667. My name is Anna.
The question is: According to the reading, Cathy's money was really  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:in her jacket
B:in the girl's hand
C:at home
D:on the chairSome people don't like the number 13. They don't think 13 is a _ or good number. For example , they don't like to live  on the 13th floor .
My friend Mary is one of them. She asks some friends to her home. All of her friends get to her home. They sit at the table. Then Mary counts, "One, two, three ...oh, my God! There are thirteen people here!" Everybody's face  turns white, but Mr. Brown doesn't. He says, "Don't worry , dear friends! We have fourteen people here. My wife will have a baby next week. _ is in the family way now. "
All of them become happy again. "Congratulations !" they say to Mr. and Mrs. Brown. They enjoy the nice food  and have a good time this evening.
The question is: Everybody's face turns white, because   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:there are thirteen people
B:there are fourteen people
C:they don't like Mr. Brown
D:they don't like the babyMany children use the Internet to get useful knowledge and information, and to relax in their free time. But some of them are not using it in a good way. Here are some rules to make sure you are safe and have fun on the Internet.
Make rules for Internet use with your parents. For example, when you can go online, for how long and what activities you can do online.
Don't give your password to anyone else, and never give out the following information: your real name ,home address, age, school, phone number or other personal information.
Check with your parents before giving out a credit card number.
Never send a photo of yourself to someone in e-mail unless your parents say it's OK.
Check with your parents before going into a chat room. Different chat rooms have different rules and attract different kinds of people. You and your parents will want to make sure it's a right place for you.
Never agree to meet someone you met on the Internet without your parent's permission. Never meet anyone you met online alone.
Always remember that people online may not be who they say they are. Treat everyone online as if they were strangers.
If something you see or read online makes you uncomfortable, leave the site. Tell a parent or a teacher right away.
Treat other people as you'd like to be treated. Never use bad language.
Remember that not everything you read on the Internet is true.
The question is: What shouldn't you do when you are on line?
The possible answers are:
A:Using bad language.
B:Sending messages and e-mails.
C:Leaving the site if you feel uncomfortable.
D:Treating everyone online as strangers.This is my school. There are many trees and flowers in it. The teaching building is big and tall. There is a big playground in our school..It is very nice to have it . After 4:30 in the afternoon, many students come to the playground to play football and some students play table tennis in the table tennis room.
There are 1,200 students in 30 classes in our school. The students all like to study. The teachers in our school are very good. They help the students to study and sometimes play with them .All the students like them, too.
The question is: There are at least     _   students in one class.
The possible answers are:
A:45
B:40
C:75
D:60One day, a teacher was giving a speech to his students. He held up a glass of water and asked the class, "How heavy do you think this glass of water is?"
The students' answers ranged from 20 g to 500 g. "It does not matter on the weight itself. It depends on how long you hold it. If I hold it for a minute, it is OK. If I hold it for an hour, I will have an ache in my right arm. If I hold it for a day, you will have to call an ambulance  . It is exactly the same weight, but the longer I hold it, the heavier it becomes. "
If we carry our burdens   all the time, sooner or later, we will not be able to carry on, the burden becoming increasingly heavier. "
"What you have to do is to put the glass down, rest for a while before holding it up again. "
We have to put down the burden sometimes, so that we can be refreshed and are able to carry on.
So before you return home from work tonight, put the burden of work down. Don't carry it back home. You can pick it up tomorrow.
Whatever burdens you are having now on your shoulders, let it down for a moment if you can.
The question is: The teacher brought a glass of water to the class because_.
The possible answers are:
A:he was very thirsty
B:his arms were strong
C:it was a good example
D:he wants to share the water with studentsOnce upon a time, there was a lion and a mouse.
One day, when the lion was sleeping, the mouse ran onto his face. The lion woke up. He was very angry and caught the mouse. "I will eat you!" the lion said angrily.
The mouse cried out,"If you do not kill me, I would be happy to give you a reward ."The lion laughed at the idea. He did not think a little mouse could help such a big strong animal like himself. But he still let the mouse go.
After a few days, it happened. The lion was caught by hunters' net. He tried his best to leave, after half a day, but he still couldn't get out of the net. He was very sad, he thought he was dying. At that time the lion felt something nibbling(,) on the ropes. It was the mouse. Just before dark, the work was done. There was a hole in the net. The lion got free through the hole. He was very happy and thanked the mouse, "My friend, you have saved me. I will never _ the power of small animals like you."
From then on, the lion and the mouse became friends.
The question is: The lion didn't eat the mouse at last, did he?
The possible answers are:
A:Yes, he did.
B:Yes, he didn't.
C:No, he did.
D:No, he didn't.Do you want to know something about children in Africa? What to they do for fun every day? Find out here:
Education
School is expensive for many African children. Lots of families can't afford school uniforms or exercise books even though they don't have to pay for school.
For those lucky enough to go to school , they have a lot to learn. Some take two language classes: English or French, and their first language. There is also math, science, history, social studies and geography. _ take up much of children's time after school. They have to get water and firewood for the family every day. Also there's cleaning , washing and helping Mum with the meal.
Daily fun
It's not all work and no play. Sports are very popular. Children can make goals with twigs ( )and their own footballs with plastic and bits of string (  ). They play in the country and the streets of old towns. There're many football teams for teenagers in Africa.
Internet
It's really expensive to get on the Internet. To surf the net for 20 hours costs over 600yuan. This is more than the average   monthly pay per person.
Egypt and South Africa are the top two users of the Internet in Africa. All of the capital cities there can get on the Internet.
Some schools offer computer lessons but few students can enjoy computer fun at home.
The question is: The passage is mainly about  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:education in Africa
B:children's school life in Africa
C:the Internet in Africa
D:children's daily life in AfricaDear Anna,
It is nice to see the photo of your room. Here is a photo of my room. These are my bed and my desk. My clock and some books are on the desk. Sometimes the books are on the bed. I like _ books on the bed. Oh, that is my hat on the bed. It is yellow. My quilt is yellow, too. My schoolbag is on the sofa. It is green. I take  it to school every day.
Yours,
Mona
.
The question is: A  _  schoolbag is on the sofa.
The possible answers are:
A:green
B:black
C:yellow
D:blueA good way to pass the exam is to work hard every day. You may not pass an exam if you word hard all the time before the exam.
If you are getting ready for an English exam, do not only learn grammar rulers .  Try to read stories in Enlish and speak English _ you can.
Before you start the exam, read the questions carefully. Try to understand the exact meaning of each question before you pick up your pen to write. When you finish you exam, read you answers once more, correct the mistake  if there are any and make sure that you don't miss anything out.
The question is: Only learning rules of grammar  _  to passs an English exam.
The possible answers are:
A:is enough
B:is not enough
C:is good
D:is not good.Brave
Type: 3D cartoon  Comedy        Running time: 95 minutes
Merida, a princess, refused to marry a person that she dislikes. This causes trouble for her family and the whole country. Merida turns to a witch  for help. In doing so, her family and the country are in danger. Merida must save her family and the country before it is too late.
The Grey
Type: Action         Running time: 117 minutes
The Grey is based on the short story "Ghost Walker" written by Ian Mackenzie Jeffers. It's about a number of oil men who are in trouble in Alaska after a plane crash . They have to fight against grey wolves that threaten their lives.
Mirror Mirror
Type: Comedy        Running time: 106 minutes
You must know the story of Snow White. Would you like to see this story again? Come to see Mirror Mirror. It's a comedy about Snow White. Lily Collins and Julia Roberts are the main actresses in this interesting movie.
Chimpanzee
Type: Documentary      Running time: 78 minutes
This movie is directed by Alastair Fothergill and Mark Linfield. It's a 2012 nature documentary film about a young chimpanzee named Oscar. He is alone in the African forests until he is raised by another chimpanzee. The chimpanzee takes care of Oscar like his own child.
The question is: Who played the lead role in one of the movies?
The possible answers are:
A:Lily Collins and Julia Roberts.
B:Alastair Fothergill and Mark Linfield.
C:Ian Mackenzie Jeffers.
D:Merida.I think the Buddy Club is great. I really enjoy talking with the older students about school life and growing up. They can tell me a lot. One student told me how he relaxed   before exams. Another student told me about great websites about learning History and English.
The Buddy Club is also a good place to just forget about school altogether! One of the older students taught us origami  . We made paper planes, birds and hats together.
The table tennis tournament  was a great idea. I didn't do very well, but I learnt a lot from watching the doubles tournament won by a fourteen-year-old girl and a seventeen-year-old boy.
Last year, we had the annual   Buddy Club Picnic. Everyone enjoyed the games we played. After I learnt how to fish, I caught two fish in the lake. I think it might be a good idea to change the Buddy Club Picnic to a weekend camping trip. We could learn how to put up   tents   and how to find our way through a forest. Many of the older students know how to do this already, and I think they would like to teach the younger students.
I want to say again how much I enjoy the club. When I'm older, I will make friends with younger students. Then, I can tell them all about school life and growing up.
The question is: What websites did the writer learn about?
The possible answers are:
A:Paper planes.
B:Origami.
C:History and English.
D:Relaxing."Track!" said my master.
Like any good tracker-dog who has received the command  he most loves, I gave a bark of excitement, put my nose down to the ground and sniffed. The ground was rich with smells. Even in the high-class housing area where we were working, the stones held traces of many sole and confusing scents (smells). As I searched for the scent that would give me a clue to the tail of the guilty man, my tail wagged slowly, thoughtfully, delightedly. Work was like play to me; I enjoyed it.
A small group of people gathered behind us. Among these onlookers was the old caretaker of the building next door to ours. He spoke in a scornful voice, "You actually think your dog might catch a thief three days after the event?" My master said nothing, but I'm sure he must have smiled. I did not turn to look. I knew he would not speak unless it was to give me a new command.
I needed to concentrate. My task was difficult. I had to pick out one scent among the many that lay about and then tracked it to its source.
"You're wasting your time," said the caretaker. I looked at him without raising my head. He was running his hand over his fat stomach. His rough palm and smooth shirt combined to make a slight noise. It was part of my training to be aware--often it is only a little whisper of a noise that alerts you to be drawing of a weapon. But of course the aging caretaker was going to do no such thing. There was no smell of fear or nervousness about him. He was merely being clever and talkative.
"I've seen many tracker-dogs in my time," said the caretaker to the onlookers. I served with the police years ago. We would never have thought of using a tracker-dog to find a car thief. Impossible. Everyone knows that dogs are useless in such matters.
In a sense he was right. I'm sure there's no need to tell you that, just as a dog's hearing is much better than a human being's, so his sense of smell tells one thing from another far better than a great detective. If Sherlock Holmes could work out that a man had had an egg for breakfast by seeing the yellow stain on his mouth, a trained dog could tell you whether the hen that laid the egg was healthy or not.
I know it sounds funny and I mean it to be. But I'm not exaggerating. A dog can tell you--if you understand a dog's way of communicating--all this and more without even setting eyes on the man he is investigating.
The question is: How did the dog react to the command to track?
The possible answers are:
A:It thought for a while and did what was asked.
B:It was happy, even though it wasn't trained for the task.
C:It was angry because there were so many smells.
D:It was excited because it took pleasure in tracking.Mr. and Mrs. Brown were going abroad for their holiday. They had a lovely dog called Blackie, but they could not take it abroad with them, so they had to look for a good place to leave it while they were away, and at last they found a place which looked after dogs very well while their owners were away. They left Blackie there just before they started for their holiday.
At the end of their holiday, they came back to Sydney very late at night, and as they thought that the place where Blackie was staying might be closed at that late hour, they decided to wait until the next morning.
So the next morning Mr. Brown got into his car and drove off happily to meet Blackie. When he got home with the dog, he said to his wife, "Do you know, dear, I don't think Blackie enjoyed his stay at that place very much. He barked(,) all the way home in the car as if he wanted to tell me something."
Mrs. Brown looked at the dog carefully and then answered, "You are quite right, dear. He was certainly trying to tell you something. But he wasn't trying to tell you that he hadn't enjoyed his stay at that place. He was only trying to tell you that you were bringing the wrong dog home."
The question is: Mr. and Mrs. Brown came back   _   at the end of their holiday.
The possible answers are:
A:late at night
B:early in the morning
C:in the daytime
D:in the afternoonNear the North Pole there are only two seasons:winter and summer.In winter,nights are long.For more than two months you can't see the sun,even at noon.In summer,days are long.For more than two months the sun never sets and there is no night at a11.The temperature is very low near the North Pole.Even in summer the temperature is below 0degC.So people there wear warm clothes all year round.They make their clothing from the skins of animals.From the skins they also make coats,hats and even boots.
In the cold climate,plants cannot grow.So the people have to build their houses with skins,earth,stone or snow.When they go out to hunt something,they live in tents of skins.When they move,they take their tents with them.Sometimes,they build houses of snow.Now don't think that these houses must be cold.In fact,they are very warm and safe.
The life near the North Pole is very interesting.
The question is: Sometimes people there build houses of snow.It is  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:warm and safe
B:very cold inside
C:dangerous to live
D:cold and dangerousSwee Lin has an interesting hobby . She collects stamps. She spends a lot of time on her stamp collection  after school hours. She has collected hundreds of stamps from all over the world. They are all in color.
Swee Lin likes stamps with pictures of animals and birds on them. In this way, she learns the names of many animals and birds. She also borrows books on animals and birds from her school library. She learns many things about them.
Sometimes Swee Lin has many stamps of the same kind. She gives them to her friends. They give her other stamps in return.
Swee Lin writes to her friends in many countries. She sends them stamps of her country. In return, they send her stamps of their countries. Swee Lin's father also gives her stamps. He brings them home from his office for her.
Many of Swee Lin's friends collect other things. Some collect coins  and others collect matchboxes . But, all of them say that Swee Lin's collection is the most interesting of all.
The question is: Sometimes Swee Lin has many stamps of the same kind. She  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:keeps them
B:throws them away
C:sells them to her friends
D:sends them to her friendsHongkong has about forty beaches. They are open to all people. Some of the beaches are the best in the world. People can go there for a swim. You can go to most of them by bus. To go to some beaches you have to take a boat. There are toilets, clothes changing rooms and places to buy food and drinks on most of the beaches.
You will swim there safely if you do as the following:
1. Don't swim alone. You should go with an adult or your friends.
2. Don't swim right after a meal or when you are hungry or tired.
3. You should not stay in the water too long.
4. Do not go out in a boat if you can't swim or if you're not wearing a life jacket.
Remember: A red flag  means that it is dangerous for anyone to go into the water. A blue flag means that it is dangerous for children and weak swimmers to enter the sea.
The question is: A red flag means that   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:it is dangerous for children to swim
B:no one should swim
C:it is dangerous for women to swim
D:only children can swimMr Li is an office worker. He likes to tell us about his weekends. He often gets up at half past six on Sundays. He has breakfast first. Then he goes to the park near his home. He runs for about half an hour in the park. Then he goes to the bookshop to have a look at new books. He likes reading books. In the afternoon, he cleans his car. But sometimes he visits his friends, and he often plays basketball with them. He cooks dinner at home. In the evening, he looks for things on the Internet for about an hour. He enjoys his weekends.
The question is: Who does he play basketball with?
The possible answers are:
A:His students.
B:His teachers.
C:His friends.
D:His son.Editor's note: do you care about the environment  ? Have you ever wanted to help protect it ? Well read on, as this month we're going to hear from overseas teens about what they do to help the environment.
I can't remember when I started collecting litter . But it was when I got tired of seeing litter near my home and realized that no one else was going to pick it up.
I live close to a forest in Ohio, America. I can walk there in three minutes!
I used to love going there to play with my dog. But one day there was so much litter there that I became very unhappy. I decided I had to clean up the forest. I wanted to feel happy going there again.
I made my first trip to clean the forest that afternoon. I took a big black rubbish bag with me. Ten minutes after starting to pick up litter, my bag was full! It had cans, bottles, broken glass and newspapers in it.
Since that first trip three years ago. I've gone to the forest four times a year to pick up litter. I'm often there for three hours. It makes me feel great to do something for the environment.
After each trip, I look at all the litter I've found. If any of it is recyclable , I keep it.I can't understand why people drop litter. But I will keep picking it up until they stop dropping it.
I know I am only doing a small bit to help the earth, but I still think it is important.
The question is: How many times has the writer gone to the forest a year to pick up litter?
The possible answers are:
A:Three times
B:Four times
C:two times
D:Six timesThere is a shy girl in our class.She is thirteen years old.She is not tall and she is not short.She is a little fat.Her face is round,like an apple.She has two big black eyes and a small nose.Her mouth is big,but her ears are small.Her hair is short and black.She likes red.But today she is wearing a yellow sweater,blue jeans and white shoes.She dislikes getting up early,so she is usually late for school.She doesn't like to talk to others.She likes little animals.She has a little black dog.She and the dog are good friends.
The question is: She likes   _   animals.
The possible answers are:
A:a bit
B:a little
C:little
D:a fewAmerican English is full of colorful expressions. One such expression is to touch all bases.
There are four bases in baseball - first, second, third and home plate. When a baseball player hits the ball, he must run to each base - in order - and touch it with his foot. It is the only way to get a point. If the player hits the ball and fails to touch all the bases, the point will not be counted.
The importance of touching all the bases was shown at the start of the 1974 baseball seasons.
Hank Aaron was a player with the Atlanta Braves team. He was trying to find the record for hitting the most home runs  . Aaron needed just one home run to be well matched with the record held by Babe Ruth, the greatest hitter in baseball history. Aaron got that home run the very first time he had a chance to hit the ball. That gave him 714 home runs - the same as Babe Ruth. After that day, baseball fans held their breath every time when it was Hank Aaron's turn to hit. When would he hit home run number 715?
The wait was not long. In the second week of the season, Aaron again hit the ball over the wall. He had beaten Babe Ruth's record. But first, he had to run around the four bases. The other players on his team watched carefully to make sure he touched each one.
So, to touch all bases means to do what is necessary to complete an activity.
The expression is used to business and politics. No business deal or political events are really complete until you discuss all the problems involved. Or, as it is said, until you touch all bases.
The question is: When a baseball player hits the ball, he must   _   to get a point.
The possible answers are:
A:run to each base freely
B:touch the home plate first
C:touch all the bases with his hands
D:run to each base in order and touch it with his footThe Flying Hat    By Shannon Blackman
"The most _ story I've ever read. I couldn't help laughing after I finished it. Be ready to laugh your heart out."                            Willy King, Best Book winner
"It's a story that makes you smile in your dreams. Blackman's excellent writing cheers you up."
The Tide, London
"One of the best-selling books of the year. More than two million copies have been sold."
The Sunday Reader, New York
"This book has become the talk of the country. The story is making its way into movie theaters. I can't wait to see it!"                                  Marian Miller, author of Ms. Lilly
The question is: Which is said about The Flying Hat?
The possible answers are:
A:A movie about the story is coming out.
B:People can buy the book all over the world.
C:The writer started the book because of a mistake.
D:The story is about a boy with a magic book.Babysitter wanted( )
Do you like children? Do you have free time in the afternoon? We need a babysitter for our daughter. She's six years old.
Working time: Monday to Friday, 3:00pm--6:00 pm.
Cost: $5 an hour.
We need help with: Looking after our daughter, reading to her, playing with her.
Address:  You must work at our house. We live in Changjiang Road, near the Culture Square.
Please call Mr. Wang at 0551-487-2563.
The question is: Who does Mr. Wang need a babysitter to look after?
The possible answers are:
A:His son
B:His daughter
C:His mother
D:His fatherWhat fun the animals' party was! The zebras did a great job with the decorations.The lions and giraffes put together delicious food.No one knew music like the forest birds.The bears made clever posters to spread the news to all the animals.
When the talent shows began, one of the monkeys hurried out to the dance floor.He was a dancing fool! The birds played some lively music.When the music stopped, the animals clapped and shouted.The monkey returned to his table.Friends gathered around to shake his hand and praised   about his skills.
The elephant saw all the attention the monkey was getting.He wanted some attention for himself."I can dance too," he told himself."I will show these animals what I can do!"
The elephant hurried out to the dance floor.He started to dance.It was not pretty.The elephant knocked over the table that held the wine bowl!
"Give up your dance!" a gorilla called.
"What are you doing?" cried three frogs."Stop it!"
The other animals shouted.They were sad about the elephant for making a mess! They chased   him off the dance floor and away from the party.
The bears shook their heads and said, "One should never try to be what one is not."
The question is: How did the animals like the monkey's dance?
The possible answers are:
A:Wonderful.
B:Foolish.
C:Just so-so.
D:Amazing.In the United States, parents usually encourage their children to develop their potential  . They pay attention to what their kids can do, not what they can't. As a result, US boys and girls hope to be actors, athletes and doctors; many even want to become presidents when they grow up.
US parents often encourage their children to take part in all kinds of activities at school. They believe that joining in these activities can make their children mature . Schoolwork is important, but they think that social skills are important as well.
But things in China are different. Chinese parents often tell their children to study hard and pass exams. They think that, for a student, staying away from schoolbooks means wasting time. This puts a lot of pressure on Chinese students, so leaders in China's education department have called for less homework at the lower grades. Only healthy kids can become healthy adults.
The question is: Chinese parents think that    _    .
The possible answers are:
A:taking part in all kinds of activities at school can make their children mature
B:staying away from schoolbooks means wasting time
C:their children should do what they want to do
D:social skills is necessary for the students at lower gradesAmerican black bears appear in a variety of colors despite  their name. In the eastern part, most of these bears have shiny black fur, but in the west they grow brown, red, or even yellow coats. To the north, the black bear is actually gray or white in color. Even in the same litter , both brown and black furred bears may be born.
Black bears are the smallest of all American bears, ranging in length from five to six feet, weighing from three hundred to five hundred pounds. Their eyes and ears are small and their eyesight and hearing are not as good as their sense of smell. Like all bears, the black bear is timid and rarely dangerous, but if attacked, most can climb trees or cover ground at great speed. When angry or frightened, they are formidable  _ .
Black bears feed on leaves, roots, fruit, insects, fish, and even larger animals. One of the most interesting characteristics of bears, including the black bear, is their winter sleep. Unlike squirrels and many other woodland animals, bears do not actually sleep through the winter months. Although the bear does not eat during the winter months, sustaining  itself from body fat, its temperature remains almost normal, and it breathes regularly four or five times per minute.
Most black bears live alone, except during the mating  season. They prefer to live in caves. Baby black bears are born in January or February after a gestation  period of six to nine months, and they stay with their mother until they are fully grown or about one and a half years old. Black bears can live as long as thirty years in the wild, and even longer in some nature reserves.
The question is: Which of the following statements is RIGHT?
The possible answers are:
A:Black bears sleep through the winter months.
B:Black bears can live up to 30 years old.
C:Black bears are the smallest bears in the world.
D:Most black bears live in a group.What is the hottest topic at your school? In Hangzhou Yongjin Middle School, it's money.
The school had an activity called "making a living" recently. About 800 Junior 1 and Junior 2 students were divided into 112 teams. They went out to make money by selling things.
What did they choose to sell? Some sold newspapers; some chose bottled water; some sold environmentally friendly shopping bags and bamboo baskets.
Huqi's team decided to sell educational books in front of the Children Activity Centre. They thought parents would like to buy books for their children. But unfortunately , they came across urban management officers . The officers asked them to leave. "We played hide-and-seek with the officers for the whole morning," said Hu. "Finally we gave up and moved to other place.
Wang Yongyi and her team sold ice cream in a square. They didn't meet any officers. But few people were interested in what they were selling. The team then put up a board saying the money was to help the "Project Hope" for country kids. It worked. More people came to their stall. A foreigner even gave them 100 yuan.
Meng Zhaoxiang and his team were luckier. They sold all their cakes in four hours, spending 39.5 yuan and getting back 80 yuan. "It was not easy to make the money," said Meng. "Some people just looked. Others just tasted but didn't buy. Now I know how hard it is for our parents to earn the money we need to lead happy lives."
The question is: Who took part in the activity?
The possible answers are:
A:All the students.
B:About 800 students of the three grades
C:Some teachers.
D:Part of Junior 1 and Junior 2 students.One day an Australian farmer,Joe,saw a bright light in the sky. The light came nearer and nearer and suddenly Joe realized that it was a spaceship. The spaceship landed in a field nearby.
The door of the spaceship opened and two strange beings climbed out. They seemed to be half man and half bird. Joe was afraid of them. He tried to run away. But the spacemen walked towards him,picked him up and carried him into the spaceship.They put wires from a machine onto his head  and they they began to speak to him in English.
They asked him questions about earth."We' re from Venus ,"they said,"But it is getting very hot there. A lot of our people are dying and we have not much time left. We are trying to find a new home."
After some time they freed Joe and at last the spaceship took off and disappeared. Joe told his friends about the spacemen,but no one believed his story.
"You wi ll believe me one day,"Joe told them."The spacemen will come back again."
,.
The question is: What's the bright light in the sky?
The possible answers are:
A:A bird
B:A plane
C:A rocket
D:A spaceship"Earworms", some people call them. Songs that get stuck in your head go round and round, sometimes for days, sometimes for months. For no clear reason you cannot help yourself from humming or singing a tune by Lady Gaga.
To a psychologist, the most interesting thing about earworms is that they show a part of our mind that is clearly outside of our control. Earworms arrive without permission and refuse to leave when we tell them to. They are parasites   living in a part of our minds.
If you have got an earworm you can suffer an attack of it simply by someone mentioning the tune, without having to hear it. This proves that earworms are a part of long-term memory. Humans have an "inner ear", for remembering phone numbers, for instance. When it gets infected with earworms, rather than review our plans for the day, or lists of things to remember, the inner ear gets stuck on a few short bars of music or a couple of phrases from a song. A part of us that we normally do not have to think about, that should just do what we ask, has been turned against us, upsetting us with a request that we never asked for. The mind is an inner world which we do not have complete knowledge of, or have control over.
Fortunately psychology can provide some advice on how to deal with an uncontrollable mind. Consider the famous "don't think of a white bear" problem, which tells you to try not to think about white bears, or to do something else, to avoid both thinking of the white bear and not thinking of the white bear. For earworms, the solution may be the same. Our inner ear has become infected with an earworm. This is a part not under our control, so just sending in instructions to "shut up" is unlikely to be of much help (and has been shown to make it worse). Much better is to employ the inner ear in another task. If your mind is poisoned by Brittany Spears' Toxic, for instance, then try singing Kylie Minogue's Can't Get You out Of My Head. Let me know if
works!
The question is: According to the passage, earworms are    _   .
The possible answers are:
A:songs that keep going round in our mind
B:worms that live in a part of our brain
C:tunes by pop singers like Lady Gaga
D:parasites clearly under our controlPoor Alice was very unhappy. "What a wonderful garden!" she said to herself. "I'd like to be out there - not in this dark room. Why can't I get smaller?" It was already a very strange day. and Alice was beginning to think that anything was possible.
After a while she locked the door again, got up and went back to the glass table. She put the key down and she saw a little bottle on the table. Round the neck of the bottle was a piece of paper with the words DRINK ME in large letters.
But Alice was a careful girl. "It can be dangerous to drink out of strange bottles," she said. "What will it do to me?" She drank a little bit very slowly. The taste was very nice. like chocolate and oranges and hot sweet coffee. and very soon Alice finished the bottle.
"What a strange feeling!" said Alice. "I think I' m getting smaller and smaller every second."
And she was. A few minutes later she was only 25 centimeters high. "And now," she said happily,
"I can get through the little door into that beautiful garden."
She ran at once to the door. When she got there. she remembered that the little gold key was back on the glass table. She ran back to the table for it, but of course, she was now much too small! There was the key, high above her, on top of the table. She tried very hard to climb up the table leg, but she could not do it.
At last, tired and unhappy, Alice sat down on the floor and cried. But after a while she spoke to herself angrily.
"Come now," she said, "Stop crying at once. What's the use of crying?" She was a strange child, and often talked to herself like this.
Soon she saw a little glass box near her on the floor. She opened it and found a very small cake with the words EAT ME on it.[:. . ]
Nothing could surprise Alice now. "Well, I'II eat it," she said. "If I get taller, I can take the key off the table. And if I get smaller, I can get under the door. _ I'll get into the garden. So it doesn't matter what happens!" She went on eating, but nothing happened.
The question is: What made Alice become smaller?
The possible answers are:
A:Some hot sweet coffee.
B:A piece of chocolate.
C:Something in a little bottle.
D:Some orange juice.Jack is the name of a game. It is quite popular with children. To play jacks, you will need a small ball and ten small metal objects   called jacks.
The rules for this game are quite easy. To begin with, put the ten jacks on the floor or ground in front of you. Toss the ball high, pick up one jack and then catch the ball. Keep the jack in your hand and go on to pick up the other jack one at a time. You lose your turn if you do not catch the ball, or if you do not pick up a jack, or if you drop   any of the jacks from your hand.
When you finish all the ten jacks, you now try to do the same thing again but with two jacks at one time. This is more difficult, of course. You lose your turn if you make any of the above three mistakes   or if you do not pick up two jacks each time.
The question is: The jacks are made of   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:paper
B:glass
C:metal
D:waterTina was not like many of her classmates. She didn't listen to popular music or watch many movies, and she wasn't interested in nice clothes. When she got together with her friends, they wanted to listen to rock and pop music. When Tina asked  if  they would  like  to  try classical    music, they all looked at her strangely."Classical music  is  for old people, " one of  her friends said. Tina was worried that something was wrong with her. She decided to talk to her father. As she entered his study  , her father could feel something was wrong.
"Dad, am I strange?" she asked her father."Of course not, " he answered. "Why do you ask that?" "Because I don't like the same things as my classmates do. They want to listen to Mariah Carey's music. I like Yo Yo Ma's." "I can understand, Tina,  it's all  right _ You don't have to copy   what other people do. Everybody has different tastes. Some of them are popular, and others aren't. "After talking with her father, Tina felt better. She realized    that being different made her special.  It was an important lesson for her to learn.
The question is: Why did Tina talk with her father?
The possible answers are:
A:Because she wanted to tell him about Yo Yo Ma.
B:Because she wanted to talk about her problem.
C:Because she wanted to know about her friends.
D:Because she wanted to give him some ideas.A young woman was driving alone through the countryside. It was getting dark and raining. Suddenly she saw an old woman by the side of the road, holding out her hand as if she needed a lift. "I can't leave her out in this weather," the woman said to herself, so she stopped the car and opened the glass.
"Do you want a lift?" she asked. The old woman nodded and climbed into the car. After a while she said to the old woman, "Have you waited for long?" The old woman shook her head. "Strange," thought the young woman. She tried again, "Bad weather for the time of year," she said. The old woman nodded. Although the driver tried some, the lady said nothing except a nod of head or something else like that.
Then the young woman saw the lady's hands, they were very large and with thick hair. Suddenly, she realized that the lady was a man! She stopped the car. "I can't see that mirror," she said, "Would you mind cleaning it for me?" The lady nodded and opened the door. As soon as the lady was out of the car, the young woman drove off quickly.
When she got to the next village, she stopped. She found that the old lady had left a handbag on the backseat. She picked it up and opened it. She gave out a deep breath. Inside it was a gun!
The question is: Why didn't the old woman say anything in the car?
The possible answers are:
A:She was not able to speak clearly.
B:She was afraid to be found out the truth.
C:She was too tired to speak anything.
D:She was not willing to talk to others.My name is Lucy. I come from America. I am now in China.  I study in Hangzhou Shulan Middle School. There are many clubs in our school. They are an English club, an art club, a music club, a ball game club, a swimming club, a chess club and a computer club. There is a "Show Yourselves !" Festival in our school every year. On that day, students from different clubs show their talents in different ways. They can sing English songs, draw and paint beautiful pictures. They can play the guitar, the violin, the piano, and the trumpets. They can also play chess and show us their swimming skills. They like the festival very much.  I join the art club, and I paint the ads  for them . Giving  help makes me happy.
The question is: Lucy is in the   _   club.
The possible answers are:
A:music
B:English
C:chess
D:artMary Walker works at a bank.  She begins working at eight in the morning.  She has a break at noon for one hour.  She stops working at five in the afternoon.  At five the bank closes.  Everybody goes home.  Some people drive home.  Some ride bikes.  Some take the bus or the train.  But Mary walks home.  She likes to walk.  She walks,  and walks,  and walks and walks.  Mary lives eight miles  from the bank.  She walks for three hours.  At eight in the evening,  Mary is at home.  She eats dinner.  At ten she goes to bed.  Mary is tired .  She is 82 years old.
The question is: Where does Mary eat dinner?
The possible answers are:
A:At home.
B:At the bank.
C:In a shop.
D:In a restaurant.Middle school students have far too much homework. They usually have to sit up three or four hours every night doing their homework. Now one school in my hometown has made a rule of limiting homework. The homework is limited to an hour a day and the students have no homework on the weekend. I think this is an excellent idea that will allow students to live better and healthier lives.
Less homework will give students more time to enjoy other pastimes .I have many books which I received as gifts from my parents and friends. They have been kept there on my shelf for several years! Because of homework, I will have not read a single one of them. With less homework, students will be freer to develop their interests in art, music and other hobbies.
More time free from homework will get our physical health better. Many students
like sports, but they have little time to play football, basketball, volleyball and so on. They hardly have time to have a trip or take part in any social activities. They must spend so much time solving math problems and doing grammar exercises. Besides, staying up late to finish their homework leaves many students exhausted in the morning. Not getting enough sleep is not only unpleasant; it also makes students more likely to get colds and other illnesses.
The question is: Which is the best title for the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:Students dislike homework
B:No use doing homework
C:Homework is good for study
D:Homework should be limitedYou may know the English letters A, B and C. But do you know there are people called ABC? You may like eating bananas. But do you know there are people called "banana persons"? If you don't know, I will tell you. They are Chinese people like you and me, but they aren't in China. Why do people call them that?
ABC means America -born Chinese. An ABC is a Chinese, but was born in the United States. Sometimes, people also call them "banana persons". A banana is yellow outside and white inside. So when a person is a banana, he or she is white (American) inside and yellow (Chinese) outside. They are born in America and they live in America for a long time. Even their nationalities  are Americans. So they think like Americans and do things like Americans. But they still have Chinese blood. Their parents, grandparents or great-grandparents were from China. They all have black eyes and black hair. So they look like us, Chinese people. For example, we all know the famous scientist C.N. Yang . He is an ABC and he is a "banana person". We like him, although his nationality isn't Chinese.
The question is: What color are their eyes and hair?
The possible answers are:
A:Their eyes and hair are yellow.
B:Their eyes and hair are black.
C:Their eyes are black and their hair is yellow.
D:Their eyes are blue and their hair is yellow.A gentleman once advertised for a boy to help him in his office, and nearly fifty persons asked for the place. Out of the whole number he in a short time chose one, and sent all the other boys away.
"I should like to know," said a friend, "on what ground you chose that boy. He didn't even have a recommendation with him.
"You are mistaken,"said the gentleman, "he had a great many: -
"He made his shoes clean when he came in, and closed the door after him; showing that he was orderly .
"He gave his seat to the disabled old man; showing that he was _ 
"He took off his cap when he came in, and answered my questions quickly and respectfully c) ; showing that he was polite.
"He lifted up the book which I had purposely   laid on the floor, and put it on the table, while all the others stepped over it or pushed it aside; showing that he was careful.
"And he waited quietly for his turn, instead of pushing the others aside; showing that he was modest  ( ) .
"When I talked with him, I noticed that his clothes were carefully brushed, his hair in nice order, and his teeth as white as milk. When he wrote his name, I noticed that his fingernails were clean; instead of having some untidy personal habits.
"Don't you call these things letters of recommendation? I do; and the things that I can discover a boy by using my eyes for ten minutes, is worth more than all the fine letters that he can bring."
The question is: The gentleman laid the book on the floor because  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:he used to be like this
B:he wanted to know who was orderly
C:he tried to know who had tidy personal habits
D:he wanted to test the people who asked for the jobI am John.. I always get up late at the weekend. At about 9:30 am, I have breakfast. After breakfast, I start doing my homework. We have lunch at about 12:00, and then I watch TV or have a rest . I like reading and I often read some interesting books in the afternoon. I like sports, too. Sometimes I play football or basketball with my friends at school. My school is near my home, so I can walk there. Every weekend, my father takes me to a restaurant for a big dinner. I can enjoy lots of nice food. I like my weekend.
The question is: What does John often do in the afternoon at the weekend?
The possible answers are:
A:He often reads some books.
B:He often has a rest.
C:He often watches TV.
D:He often plays basketball.Articles wanted
School life
Articles should be typewritten  and double spaced, using only side of the page.
Your name, year of birth, school name (and English teacher), home address and e-mail address must be included.
For photos, place the information on the back of each envelope: PLEASE DON'T FOLD.
Please keep copies of your text, pictures or photos.
The sentence MUST BE WRITTEN with your name on each work, "I promise the above work is completely original ."
If your article is chosen, you will receive a copy of School Life and a special gift.
SEND IT ALL SUMMER!
For more information, please contact us!
Tel: (02) 92136116(02) 92674363
E-mail: schoollife@acpmagazines.com,au
Mail: School Life. Box 5252, Sydney, NSW 200
The question is: All the information about the writer must be included except his / her   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:school name
B:e-mail address
C:year of birth
D:telephone numberWhen the weather is hot, you go to a lake or an ocean. When you are near a lake or an ocean, you feel cool. Why? The sun makes the earth hot, but it can not make the water hot. Though the air over the earth becomes hot, the air over the water stays cool. The hot air over the earth goes up, then the cool air over the water moves in and takes the place of the hot air. When you are near a lake or an ocean, you feel the cool air when _ moves in. You feel the wind and the wind makes you cool.
Of course, scientists cannot answer all of our questions. If we ask "Why is the ocean full of salt?" scientists will say that the salt comes from rocks. When a rock gets very hot or very cool, it cracks   , and rain falls into the cracks. The rain then carries the salt into the earth and the rivers. The rivers carry the salt into the ocean. But then we ask "What happens to the salt in the ocean? The ocean does not get saltier every year. " scientists are not sure about the answer to the question.
We know a lot about our world. But there are still many answers that we do not have, and we are curious .
The question is: Now scientists know  _
The possible answers are:
A:What makes people feel cool near a lake or an ocean in summer.
B:Everything about the ocean.
C:What happens to the salt in the ocean.
D:Why the ocean does not get more saltier.This year's lunar New Year holiday season is likely to see the fierce competitions at the country's box office  among three movies that come from reality TV programs instead of legends, novels and original stories.
The Chinese movies Running Man, Where are We Going, Dad? II and Emperor's Holidays are all based on South Korean TV shows.
Where are We Going, Dad? hit an amazing box-office run of 700 million yuan in 2014, and it was one of the most popular Chinese-language movies last year. And this year's Where are We Going, Dad? II shows four famous fathers trying to "survive" with their children on an island of the Republic of Fiji .
Running Man was also one of the most well-known shows from last October to this January. It has got 227 million yuan at the box office in the first three days after it was on in the cinema. It's reported that people laughed 86 times while watching the 88-minute movie.
Emperor's Holidays is directed by Wang Yuelun, who was a celebrity father in the fatherhood series' first season. The movie was screened in Chinese theaters on Feb 19, the same day as Dad II and also the first day of the Chinese Lunar New Year.
For these kinds of movies, different people have different opinions. Some may think it is not worth spending money watching them, because the producers just want to make money. However, others may think whatever the producers' aim is, these movies can inspire people to live more healthily and make them keep laughing and happy. So they choose to enjoy them in the cinema.
The question is: Some people still choose to watch these movies in a cinema because   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:they think they are worth the money.
B:they have never seen these TV shows so they want to go to the cinema to enjoy them.
C:they just want to spend less money.
D:these movies can inspire people to live more healthily and make them keep laughing and happy.John is a paper boy. He delivers newspapers to different houses in his street every day. He has about 80 customers . Half of his customers only take the newspapers on weekdays, and about half take the newspapers on weekdays and on Sundays. Two of John's customers only take the newspapers on Sundays.
John has to get up at 4:30 every morning to deliver his newspapers. It takes longer to deliver the newspapers on Sundays. The Sunday newspapers are twice as heavy as those on weekdays.
John is saving his money to buy a new bicycle. He is also saving money for college  . He has already saved 500 dollars.
The question is: John   _   every day.
The possible answers are:
A:reads books
B:sells newspapers
C:borrows books
D:delivers newspapersDear Mr. Wang,
Someone comes to the office to see you in the morning, but you and your wife are out. He comes here at 10am. Because he is very busy, he goes away half an hour later. He tells me that he is your classmate  at college . Now he teaches Chinese in a high school  in this city and he lives near the No. 6 Middle School. He is a very tall man with short hair. He wears a pair of glasses. He tells me his telephone number is 33426685. He is often at home at 7:00 pm. So you can call him in the evening.
The question is: Mr. Wang's classmate is   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:a teacher
B:a worker
C:a farmer
D:an actorIt's cool, it's hot, and everyone is doing it. People talk about _ often,and friends tell other friends how good they look. Sound like a fashion? It's actually trend  : "blog". What's a blog? A blog is a personal online diary. The word "blogger" means a person who writes diaries online.
Many bloggers are teens who've been logging   onto sites to talk about anything in their lives. Many of today's teenagers are not afraid to openly discuss everything in their lives. Teens complain about parents and homework. They share diaries, post songs from the latest bands and show pictures of theirs. They write their own poems  , say something about their girlfriends or boyfriends and complain to each other or offer support. But mostly they just write down what they do every day.
However, many parents are afraid of these young bloggers. Parents see the kids talking about how they got drunk   last weekend and how they don't like studying. They are using language that is surprising to their parents. Besides hearing from their friends, teen bloggers also get messages from strangers. Most of the time, it's older men asking to meet teenage girls. "These strange men are dangerous for my kids. They sometimes teach my kids bad words," said Cara Cabral, a mother of two.
Many teens and young adults know it's not safe to use blogs on the Internet. They know they are putting information about themselves in a place they can be seen by anyone. But teens are unlikely to give up these new communication tools that have become a way of life for many of them.
Are you a blogger? What do you think of the blog?
The question is: According to this passage, teen bloggers mostly  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:complain about parents and homework
B:share diaries and show pictures of theirs
C:offer support to each other
D:write down what they do every dayIn the middle of the first term of school, the entire seventh grade was tested for basic skills. Steve hurried through his tests, and continued to dream of other things. His heart was not in school, but in the woods.
One day, Miss White's impatient voice broke into his daydreams. "Steve! Pay attention!" Steve turned to look at her, fixing his eyes on Miss White, as she began to go over the test results for the seventh grade.
"You all did pretty well," she told the class, "except for one boy, and it breaks my heart to tell you this, but..." She hesitated, her eyes searching his face. "...The smartest boy in the seventh grade is failing my class!" She just stared at Steve. Steve dropped his eyes.
After that, it was war! Steve still wouldn't do his homework. Even as the punishments became more severe, he remained _ 
"Just try it! ONE WEEK!" He was unmoved.
"You're smart enough! You'll see a change!" Nothing touched him.
"Give yourself a chance! Don't give up on your life!" Nothing.
"Steve! Please! I care about you!"
Wow! Suddenly, Steve got it! Someone cared about him? Steve went home from school, thoughtful, that afternoon. Walking into the house, both parents were out. He, quickly, gathered up a jar of peanut butter, a loaf of bread, a bottle of water, and this time...his schoolbooks.
The following Monday he arrived at school on time, and he waited for Miss White to enter the classroom. She walked in, all smiles! God, she was beautiful!
Miss White, immediately, gave a quiz on the weekend homework. Steve hurried through the test and was the first to hand in his paper. With a look of surprise, Miss White took his paper. Obviously puzzled, she began to look it over. Miss White's face was in total shock! The smartest boy in the seventh grade had just passed his first test!
From that moment nothing was the same for Steve. Life at home remained the same, but life still changed. He discovered that not only could he learn, but he was good at it!
He discovered that he could understand knowledge and translate the things he learned into his own life. Steve began to go ahead!
The question is: Which of the following descriptions is TRUE according to the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:Steve often helped his parents work in the woods instead of going to school.
B:The teacher punished Steve for his failure in the test for the seventh grade.
C:Steve not only made progress but finally became a good student of the class.
D:Steve was actually a clever boy, but Miss White hadn't realized it at first.Since the 1970s, scientists have been searching for ways to connect the brain with computers. Braincomputer interface(BCI) technology could help people with disabilities send commands to machines.
Recently, two scientists, Jose Millan and Michele Tavella from the Federal Polytehnic School in Lausanne, Switzerland, show a small robotic wheelchair directed by a person's thoughts.
In the laboratory, Tavella operated the wheelchair just by thinking about moving his left or right hand. He could even talk as he watched the vehicle and guided it with his thoughts.
"Our brain has billions of body cells . These send signals through the spinal cord  to the body part to give us the ability to move. But spinal cord injuries  or other conditions can prevent these weak electrical signals from reaching the body part." Tavella says. "Our system allows disabled people to communicate with outer world and also to control machines."
The scientists designed a special cap for the user. This head cover picks up the signals from the scalp  and sends them to a computer. The computer finds meanings of the signals and commands the wheelchair with an engine. The wheelchair also has two cameras that tell objects in its path. They help the computer react to commands from the brain.
Prof. Millan , the team leader, says scientists keep improving the computer software that finds meanings of brain signals and turns them into simple commands." The practical possibilities that BCI technology offers to disabled people can be grouped in two kinds: communication, and controlling objects. One example is this wheelchair."
He says his team has set two goals. One is testing with real patients, so as to prove that this is a technology they can get advantages from. And the other is sure that they can use the technology for long.
The question is: Which of the following would be the best title for the text?
The possible answers are:
A:Switzerland, the BCI research Center
B:New Findings About How the Human Brain Works
C:BCI Could Mean More Freedom for the Disabled
D:Robotic Vehicles Could Help to Cure Brain SicknessEveryone knows that there's not enough land in Hong Kong. If you go there by air, you will land at Kai Tak Airport. It was built out into the sea. It is in the part of Hong Kong called Kowloon. Kowloon is one of the two big islands in Hong Kong.
The other island is Hong Kong itself. You can get there by ship or through a tunnel   under the sea.
The population of Hong Kong is more than six million. Chinese and English are spoken by many people there. Clothes, computers, radios, televisions are made in Hong Kong. It is a shopping center. You can buy all kinds of things there.
Hong Kong is also a beautiful city. It is a good place for traveling. People from all over the world visit Hong Kong every year. You can watch dog-racing and motor-racing there. When you are hot and tired, you may rest in the small cool gardens. There are also a lot of tall buildings with comfortable rooms to live in. If you enjoy eating out, you can easily find a good place for delicious food. Foods of different flavors   are served in Hong Kong.
The question is: What's the population of Hong Kong?
The possible answers are:
A:Nearly 6 million.
B:Less than 6 million.
C:Over 6 million.
D:Only 6 million.You may not have heard the words "freshman fifteen" before, but they are very important for students who are entering university. A freshman is a first-year college student. "Fifteen" refers to fifteen pounds--the fifteen pounds added to a student's weight in his or her first year. There are a number of reasons why first-year university students gain (n) weight; but it's encouraging to know that freshmen don't have to add these harmful fifteen pounds.
Mistakes choosing food
University kitchens serve many kinds of food. Some students choose unhealthy food,because now their parents are not nearby to help them choose. Some students visit the kitchen many times while studying. Late at night, some students get harmful fast food such as fish and chips with Coke to drink. Students also have less time for walking, running, and doing sports because of their schoolwork.
Eating right
If you,re careful, you don,t have to add fifteen pounds. Here are some ideas:
l Think more about what you eat.
l Eat plenty of vegetables and healthy meats.
l Don't eat desserts full of sugar; have fruit after dinner.
l Try not to eat so much unhealthy food while you study.
l It,s all right to have a little fast food sometimes--but not often.
l Write down the foods you eat.
l Walk, run, do sports--move and you will feel better!
Remember that the "freshman fifteen" can happen to anyone. Talk to your friends about it. Together, try to eat healthy food and not to eat unhealthy food. Walking, running, and playing sports is always more fun with friends. Help each other and you can have a healthy and happy freshman year.
The question is: Which of these mistakes students make choosing food is not mentioned in the reading?
The possible answers are:
A:Choosing unhealthy food.
B:Visiting the kitchen while studying.
C:Getting fast food at night.
D:Eating too much chocolate.I have many teachers now and I love them all, but I think I love my English teacher, Sophia, best.
Sophia is from the UK. But she loves Chongqing very much. She thinks Chongqing is great. She loves Chongqing food. Do you know what she likes for breakfast? Bread and milk? No, she doesn't. She only has noodles . Hot pot is her favorite and she always eats it on Saturday and Sunday. Sophia has a daughter and a son. Her daughter's name is May. Her son's name is Jack. They are 8 years old. They go to the same school. They like hot pot, too. They are all in Chongqing now.
We have English from Monday to Friday. So Sophia is very busy. But she is always nice and happy. All my classmates like her and her classes very much. She often plays English games and sings English songs with us. When we have questions, we like to ask her for help.
Now I think I can do well in English because I have the best English teacher, Sophia.
The question is: _   like(s) hot pot very much.
The possible answers are:
A:May
B:Jack
C:Sophia
D:May, Jack and SophiaTony is reading an advertisement in a magazine.  It is about different evening classes or weekend classes.
The Learning Centre, Garden City
We have evening and weekend courses on ...
test preparation            friends and meeting people
jobs and making money     cooking and language learning
Some of this month's courses:
1. Get good grades!
Do you forget information and do poorly on tests? In this course, learn to...
* remember more (95 percent of what you read).
* think quickly and read fast (400 words per minute!).
* do well on tests and get high scores.
2. Find true love...today!
Are you single and shy? Is it hard for you to talk to people?
In this course, learn to...
talk to people; start a conversation with a man or woman.
be more friendly and outgoing.
* understand a person's body language.
3. You are on TV!
Many actors get their start in television. You can too! In this course, learn to...
* act in TV ads.
* use your voice on the radio.
* get TV and radio jobs.
4. Cook delicious and healthy food!
Are you interested in cooking? Do you want to keep healthy? In this course, learn to...
* keep a balanced diet.
* cook delicious traditional Chinese food.
* make western-style food. This course is also online al www. dffh. net. cn.
The question is: What's the advertisement about?
The possible answers are:
A:Finding true love.
B:Getting good jobs.
C:Cooking delicious food.
D:Different evening and weekend classes.I like watching TV very much, for I think it has many advantages . First of all, watching TV is a good rest(;). After a day of hard work, we need a good rest. Watching TV can make our mind and body not tired any more because of the pleasant music and TV plays. Besides , watching TV is entertaining . There are many kinds of entertainment, such as sports activities, singing and dancing, plays and films all over the world at every time. It's not possible  for us to go to every place to enjoy all the activities within a short time. We need at least over ten hours to fly from New York to Paris, a week by train from Beijing to Moscow and an hour to drive from Queens District to Manhattan District.)But within just one second, TV can bring us from an NBA game in New York to a fashion show in Paris by changing the channels .
Most importantly, watching TV is educational. Our children can learn every kind of subjects through the educational programs and the special reports on TV, and it's easy for them to learn Chinese from a Chinese teacher in Beijing and to learn Russian lessons from a Russian teacher in Moscow. At the same time, a teacher can teach quite a lot of students without a large classroom.
The question is: Which of the following is TRUE according to( )the text?
The possible answers are:
A:The writer likes watching TV more than others.
B:There are different kinds of programs on TV in China and Russia.
C:There are many kinds of entertainment programs on TV.
D:It's not easy to drive from Manhattan to Queens District.My uncle likes sports very much. He loves soccer ball, basketball, baseball, tennis and more. He plays baseball and basketball very well. He likes to watch the sports games on TV. He plays sports every day. He has a small sports collection. He has 12 tennis rackets, 10 baseballs, 3 basketballs and a soccer ball.
The question is: He likes to  _  games on TV.
The possible answers are:
A:play the baseball
B:watch the sports
C:play the sports
D:watch the baseballAre you looking for something fun? Would you like to help other people in your free time? Then join us and be a volunteer .
We have volunteer jobs for people of all ages. Anyone, between the age of 12 and 80, can become a volunteer.
You can help people in many ways. Nursing homes need volunteers to take care of old people. Hospitals need volunteers to look after children while their parents see a doctor. Animal lovers can help take care of those dogs and cats without homes. There is something that out volunteers want to tell you.
"As a volunteer, I don't want to get anything. Seeing the children's happy faces, I am happy, too." said Carlos, an old woman of 62.
" I often played computer games in my free time before. Now I help middle-aged people learn how to use computers." said another volunteer at the age of 18.
If everyone gives a hand, we'll have a better world to live in.
Interested? Call us on 1-800-555-5756 or visit our website: www.active.com.
The question is: Carlos   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:wants to get something as a volunteer.
B:likes playing computer games.
C:like her work as a volunteer very much.
D:Is helping middle-aged people learn how to use computers.Mr Stilwell looked out of his window. There was a boy at the other side of the street. The boy sat before a store and took some bread out of a bag and then began eating it.
There was a very thin dog in the street too. The boy said to it very kindly. "Come here, good dog. Do you want a piece of bread?"
The dog was very hungry and went to the boy, but he didn't give it any of his bread. Instead, he kicked   the dog. It ran away and the boy laughed.
Then Mr Stilwell came out of his house and said to the boy, "Do you want a dollar?"
The boy was happy and said, "Yes, I do."
"Come here," Mr Stilwell said. The boy went to Mr. Stilwell, but Mr Stilwell didn't give him a dollar. Instead, he hit him with a stick.
The boy cried and said, "Why did you hit me? I didn't ask you for any money."
"No," Mr. Stilwell said, "and the dog didn't ask you for any bread, but you kicked it."
The question is: What did the boy do to the dog?
The possible answers are:
A:He kicked the dog, then gave bread to it.
B:He kicked the dog, then laughed at it.
C:He gave the dog bread kindly.
D:He gave the dog bread, then kicked it away.An elephant and a monkey were arguing.
"Look, how big and strong I am!" The elephant said.
The monkey disagreed, "Look, how fast I can run and climb! Can you?"
At last they asked a wise tiger, "Which is better--to be strong or to be quick?"
The tiger said, "Go across the river and pick the fruit on that tree for me, then I can tell."
So they went to the river, but the water ran fast and the monkey was afraid.
"Get on my back," said the elephant proudly, "I shall carry you."
Soon they crossed the river. There stood the tree. But the fruit was too high for the elephant to reach. He also tried to pull the tree down, but failed.
"Don't worry." The monkey climbed quickly up the tree, and picked the fruit.
Then they returned and gave the tiger the fruit. "Which is better--to be strong or to be quick?"
The tiger smiled, "Neither of you could get the fruit alone. It took both the elephant's strength and the monkey's quickness to get it."
The question is: Why couldn't the elephant get the fruit?
The possible answers are:
A:Because the elephant was ill.
B:Because the tree was not strong.
C:Because the monkey was fast.
D:Because the fruit was too high.Many people take trains for their trips in China, because the train is fast and cheap. But there are many problems when people take trains. It's not easy to take trains when it is a festival. Lots of people hope someone can solve   the problems.
Then, the CRH   trains come out. The first CRH train from Beijing to Tianjin runs in August, 2008. CRH1 and CRH2 can go up to 200 km/h, and CRH3 can run 300 km/h. Taking CRH trains is more expensive than taking a traditional train, but cheaper than taking a plane. Some people think the CRH trains and their workers are good, and they enjoy the trips by CRH train.
China starts to make a CRH train, 350 kilometres an hour from Beijing to Shanghai. It can save people more time than taking the traditional trains.
Can CRH trains solve the problems? "Of course not. There is still a long way to go," about 80% of the people answer.
The question is: Can CRH trains solve all the traffic problems?
The possible answers are:
A:Of course they can.
B:Yes, all the people think they can.
C:Of course they can not.
D:About 80% of the people think they can.There is a special kind of hotel in Quebec, Canada. It has a bar, a church, a shop and a small theater. These things are not unusual. But this hotel is only open from January till March every year. Why? Because it is made of ice and snow! When the weather gets warm, the hotel melts  and closes. Every winter, the hotel owners build the hotel again.
Everything in the Ice Hotel is made of ice and snow. All the furniture, such as the tables and chairs, is made of ice. Even the beds are made of ice! So people use special sleeping bags on the ice beds. Inside the ice hotel, the temperature is about 27degF(-3degC)
When people sleep, the sleeping bags keep them warm. In the morning, they can have a hot breakfast. After breakfast, people can enjoy winter activities. They can go skiing or ice fishing. Or they can go skating in the dining room. At the end of the day, people can relax at the bar. They can have drinks in glasses made of ice.
Many people enjoy the Ice Hotel every year. But they can only enjoy it for a short time before it melts again.
The question is: People can go  _  in the dining room after breakfast.
The possible answers are:
A:skiing.
B:skating.
C:fishing
D:swimmingColours often have different meanings in different cultures. In the U.S., people have found the following to be true.
Black
Black is the colour of power. It is also popular in fashion because it makes people appear thinner.
White
White is the symbol of purity. White is thought to be a summer colour. However, white shows dirt and is more difficult to keep clean than other colours.
Red
This is the most exciting colour. Red furniture   should look very good since it will attract a lot of attention. Red cars are the thieves' favourite. Red is often used in restaurants because it is an appetite   _ . This means it can make people eat more.
Blue
Blue is the colour of the sky and the ocean. Peaceful blue is often used in bedrooms. Studies show that weightlifters are able to lift heavier weights in blue gyms.
Green
Green represents nature. _ Hospitals often use green because it relaxes patients.
Yellow
Sunny yellow is a cheerful colour, yet people lose their tempers   more often in yellow rooms, and babies cry more.
The question is: Which of the following statements is TRUE, according to the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:White can make people eat more.
B:Blue can make patients feel more relaxed.
C:People can get angry easily in yellow rooms.
D:Black cars are popular among thieves.If you like adventurous  cartoons, then Koala Kid is the movie for you.
Koala Kid tells us a story of a white koala named Johnny. It lives in a community  of the gray koalas. He is not confident  because of his color. But he thinks he has special talents. So the goes on a magic trip.
On his trip he meets Miranda, Hamish and Lokie. And they become friends. They fight with their wits  against Bog.
I think this movie tells us: whatever   you look like, you can become a hero.
I give the movie five stars. It is a great movie for ages six and up. Because there are some scary parts in the movie, I wouldn't recommend  it to kids under the age of six.
,.
The question is: Who can't watch the movie?
The possible answers are:
A:A 35-year-old man.
B:A 8-year-old girl.
C:A 90-year-old granny.
D:A 5-year-old boy."Everything happens for the best,"my mother said whenever I faced disappointment  ."If you carry on,one day something good will happen."
Mother was right,as I discovered after graduating   from college in 1932,I had decided to try for a job in radio,then work my way up to a sports announcer.I hitchhiked   to Chicago and knocked on the door of every station and got _ every time.In one studio,a kind lady told me that big stations couldn't risk hiring an inexperienced person."Go out in the sticks and find a small station that'll give you a chance,"she said.I thumbed home to Dixon,Illinois.
While there were no radio-announcing jobs in Dixon,my father said Montgomery Ward had opened a store and wanted a local sportsman to manage its sports department  .Since Dixon was where I had played high school football,I applied.The job sounded just right for me.But I wasn't hired.My mother noticed my disappointment."Everything happens for the best."Mom reminded me.Dad offered me the car to hunt a job.I tried WOC Radio in Davenport,Iowa.The program director, a wonderful Scotsman named Peter Mac Arthur told me they had already hired an announcer.
As I left his office,I asked aloud,"How can a guy get to be a sports announcer if he can't get a job in a radio station?"I was waiting for the lift when I heard Mac Arthur calling,"What did you mean about sports? Do you know anything about football?'' Then he stood me before a microphone and asked me to cover an imaginary   game.Last autumn,my team had won a game in the last 20 seconds with a 65-yard run.I did a 15-minute build-up to that play, and Peter told me I would cover Saturday's game! On my way home,I thought of my mother's words:"If you carry on,one day something good will happen."
I often wonder what direction my life might have taken if I had gotten the job at Montgomery Ward.
The question is: The writer shows his  _  by saying"...if I had gotten the job at Montgomery Ward."
The possible answers are:
A:regret
B:happiness
C:thankfulness
D:disappointmentWe see 3D movies, games, TVs, and so on. Do you hear of  3D newspapers? Yes, here is a kind of newspaper from Belgian. And it was born  on March 3rd, 2010. This is the first 3D newspaper in the world.
Huber Leklein with his friends began to make the 3D newspaper in January,2010. They worked really hard. And they finished   in March.
If you buy this newspaper ,you can get a pair of free  3D glasses. All the pictures and ads  in the newspaper are in 3D,but the articles  are not in 3D.You can read this 3D newspaper by holding(  ) the newspaper 50cm away from the eyes. In fact, if people don't wear the 3D glasses, they can't read the newspaper very well because the pictures and words in it are not clear.
People like reading 3D newspaper very much. But Hubert Lekein and his friends don't want to continue  with it because they spent too much money and time.
The question is: The first 3D newspaper is in   _
The possible answers are:
A:England
B:Belgian
C:German
D:FranceWelcome to FrightCatalog.com!  We have the widest selection of outfits you'll need to make your holiday one to remember. Regardless of age, men's, women's and kids' outfits are always fun to wear. The outfits give you a chance to live a life outside of your own for one whole night.
At FrightCatalog.com, there are countless adult outfits and kids' disguises  for you to choose from. If you are looking for something frightening or scary, we have it. If you are looking for something cute or funny, we also have it. If you want to combine the two, go ahead, we have that, too. Our passion makes it impossible not to collect the best products, which is why we have made it our goal to collect so many outfits.
Before you buy, ask yourself a couple of questions. First, do you want a full-body outfit, or a multi-pieced one? Full-body ones can be more detailed, but a multi-pieced outfit will not get as hot inside, which can be either good or bad. Next, are you going with a group? There is nothing more impressive than seeing a group of people dressed in theme. Lastly, do you have a favorite movie? We have plenty of movie disguises for you to choose from, like Star Trek, Alice in Wonderland or Wizard of Oz.
With a selection as large as ours, even your dog can enjoy this especially hallow night. You can turn your friend into Spider-Man, superman and countless other choices. If you already have your outfit picked out for yourself, search for a dog outfit that will match your own. For example, you could be the robber and your dog could be the policeman, or go for a Batman and Robin combination. Whatever you do, let your dog have some fun, too.
Our outfits let you have your October 31st experience, so you get the most out of this frighteningly entertaining night of tricks and treats. Take your time and find the one that catches your attention.
The question is: From the passage we learn that   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:with our outfits you're sure to be frightening or scary.
B:with our outfits even your dog can be a policeman and catch a thief.
C:with our outfits you can be a robber or go for a Batman.
D:with our outfits you can even dress up your dog the way you like.Ted Brown's dream as a child was an unusual one: he wanted to fly. What was more unusual was the way in which he made his dream come true.
After high school, he wanted to join the U. S. Air Force but he failed because of his poor eyesight. However, his dream remained.
At the age of 33, Ted was a truck driver in Los Angeles. One day, while sitting outside in his garden, he watched planes fly overhead and an idea came to him: to use balloons  to fly.
A few weeks later, Ted bought 42 huge balloons. He tied them to a chair and then he sat down in the chair with some beer, sandwiches and a gun. His plan was to fly to 10 meters above his garden, enjoy a few hours in the air, and then shoot some balloons with his gun to get back down. But things did not go as he planned.
Once his friends cut the ropes under Ted's chair, the 42 balloons flew into the sky at an astonishing speed until about 4000 meters above the ground with Ted and his chair. He didn't shoot any of the balloons because he was afraid he might break the balanee  of his "plane". Ted stayed in the sky with his beer and sandwiches for 14 hours, cold and frightened.
Planes heading towards Los Angeles' busy international airport reported the strange sight. And Ted' s balloons caused great danger to them. At last, Ted gathered his courage to shoot a few balloons and slowly landed on the ground, where many policemen were waiting for him.
Ted made his dream come true, but it cost him: he was fined  $ 1,500 for breaking the law about air safety.
When asked by a reporter why he had done it, Ted answered, "A man can't just sit around and do nothing; he should have his dream and go for it. "
The question is: Why couldn't Ted join the American Air Force?
The possible answers are:
A:Because he didn't finish high school.
B:Because his parents stopped him.
C:Because there was problem with his eyes.
D:Because he was too short.Do you know the late leader of China, Deng Xiaoping? He was called the"chief architect of China's reform and opening-up  ". August 22 is the 110 anniversary of his birth. President Xi Jinping held an important meeting for the event on August 20 , 2014 in Beijing. Senior leaders Li Keqiang, Zhang Dejiang, Yu Zhengsheng, Liu Yunshan, Wang Qishan and Zhang Gaoli also attended the event.
Deng was born on Aug, 22, 1904 in the southwest China's Sichuan Province. He also had the name Deng Xiaosheng. His father , Deng Wenming , was a middle-level landowner . His mother died early in Deng's life. He has three brothers and three sisters. Deng's first wife , one of his schoolmates from Moscow , died when she was 24, a few days after giving birth to Deng's first child, a baby girl, who also died. His second wife left him in 1933. His third wife, Zhuo Lin, was the daughter of an industrialist in Yunnan Province. She married him in 1939 in Yan'an. They had five children:three daughters and two sons.
Deng was sent to private primary school at the age of five. In the summer of 1919, Deng Xiaoping graduated from the Chongqing School. Then he went to study and work in France in the 1920s. His father strongly supported him, the night before going to France, Deng's father took his son aside and asked him what he hoped to learn there. He repeated the words he had learned from his teachers:"To learn knowledge and truth from the West in order to save China."He joined the Communist Party of China  in 1924. In late 1927 , Deng left Moscow to return to China. He joined the army to save China. He died on February 19 , 1997.
The question is: According to the passage, which of the following is TRUE?
The possible answers are:
A:Deng's first daughter was alive
B:Deng's father was poor at that time
C:Zhuo Lin was Deng's schoolmate
D:Deng left school in1919.Why are you study habits different from those of your friends? Why do you seem to learn faster in some classes while more slowly in others? One reason you may not know is that people have different types. Scientists say there are three different learning types: Visual ,Auditory ,and Kinesthetic  . 
Visual learners learn best by seeing. If you seem to easily remember information from pictures, graphs ,and videos, you are probably a visual learner. You're not good at copying down what the teacher says in class. Never mind. You can draw graphs or pictures instead, if you find that works better for you.
Auditory learners learn best by hearing. If you seem to easily remember things by hearing them, then you are probably an auditory learner. You must listen carefully while the teacher is speaking because it's the easiest way for you to learn . Sometimes you may find that taking notes tops you from listening carefully. After class, you can write down what you remember or borrow your friend's notes to copy.
Kinesthetic learners learn best by doing. If you seem to learn best by working with your hands, you are probably a kinesthetic learner. Taking notes by writing can make you pay close attention to information as you receive it. Of course, you can learn best by making full use of labs or other class activities.
Hope you learn better by knowing what your personal learning type is.
The question is: Kinesthetic learners learn best by    _
The possible answers are:
A:Remembering information from videos
B:listening teachers in class
C:drawing graphs or pictures
D:doing things with their handsDo you know that in some parts of the world, people build temporary hotels made of snow and blocks of ice? These are known as ice hotels.
Unlike usual hotels, all the rooms in the ice hotels are made of ice. In some ice hotels, even the glasses for drinks are made of ice blocks. So they only serve cold drinks. Also, hot food is not served in the ice hotels, but guests can eat hot food at places nearby.
To keep warm, guests sleep in comfortable sleeping bags on ice blocks that are covered by mattresses and reindeer skins .
There are some places in the ice hotels that are heated, such as the bathrooms. This is because, even though it is not as cold in the ice hotels as it is outdoors , indoor temperatures are still very low.
Perhaps the most interesting thing about the ice hotels is that they are rebuilt every year. They can be used only during the winter months. The ice hotels melt away when spring arrives. The ice blocks used to build these hotels are from nearby rivers. So, when the ice hotels melt away, they melt back into the rivers.
The question is: You can't see   _   in the ice hotels.
The possible answers are:
A:hot food
B:reindeer skins
C:sleeping bag
D:mattressesSo, let's imagine you are walking down the street drinking a box of tea. You finish drinking the tea. Now, what do you do with the box? Do you drop it on the ground? Or, do you do the right thing and drop it in a trash can? Hopefully, you drop it in the trash can because, besides harming the environment, littering is also very impolite.
Recently, a magazine published a list of the most polite cities in the world. They looked three things: did people litter, did shop clerks say thank you and did people hold the door open for the person behind them? The top three politest cities were New York, USA, Zurich, Switzerland, and Toronto, Canada. Hong Kong, China was number 35. Shanghai wasn't even on the list.
Does that mean that Shanghai is not a polite city? Well, maybe. There are different ways to judge  politeness but the survey was looking at how a visitor to a city would feel when walking around its public places. Visitors don't like to step over empty tea boxes as they walk down the street. They don't like it when they buy something and the shop clerk doesn't say thank you or even give them a smile. They also don't like it when someone lets a door slam  into them instead of holding it open.
Shanghai is a nice city but it is not always the most polite city. I don't think this is intentional . I think it's just a lack of awareness . China is becoming a popular place for tourists to visit. When they come to Shanghai they will find a friendly city: it would be nice if they also found a polite one. And, remember, being polite makes you feel good, too. It's nice to be nice.
The question is: The writer mainly wants to tell us   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:not to drink tea in the street
B:to hold the door open for anybody
C:to remember to be polite in public places
D:to travel to the most polite cities more oftenEvery morning my father buys a newspaper on his way to work. Every evening my mother looks through magazines at home. And every night, I look at the posters with photos of David Beckham and Yao Ming on my bedroom wall before I go to sleep. Can we imagine life without paper or print?
Paper was first created about 2,000 years ago, and has been made from silk, cotton, bamboo, and, since the 19th century, from wood. People learned to write words on paper to make a book. But in those days, books could only be produced one at a time by hand. As a result, they were expensive and _ . And because there weren't many books, few people learned to read.
Then printing was invented in China. When printing was developed greatly at the beginning of the 11th century, books could be produced more quickly and cheaply. As a result, more people learned to read. After that, knowledge and ideas spread  quickly.
Today information can be received online, downloaded from the Internet rather than found in books, and information can be kept on CD-ROMs or machines such as MP5 players.
Computers are already used in classrooms, and newspapers and magazines can already be read online. So will books be replaced  by computers one day? No, I don't think the Yao Ming poster on my bedroom wall will ever be replaced by a computer two meters high!
The question is: What happened after books became cheaper?
The possible answers are:
A:People didn't want to buy books.
B:Printing was invented in China.
C:Knowledge and ideas spread quickly.
D:The Internet was introduced to people soonMy name is Jane. I am from Shanghai, China. I want to have a pen pal in London. London is a big city. I am thirteen years old and my birthday is February 22nd. I like to listen to music and read books after school. My favourite subject in school is art. It's fun and interesting. I don't like math. It's too _ .
The question is: How old is she?
The possible answers are:
A:13
B:12
C:22
D:14Mr Brown and Mr Green are in the garden. They are neighbours. Mr Green asks, "What's the matter?". Mr Brown says, "My house is too small! I want a big house!".
Mr Green is very clever. He has a good idea. "Buy a dog!" says Mr Green. "A dog?" says Mr Brown. "That's a funny idea! Well, OK."
So Mr Brown buys a dog. He puts it in the bedroom. "This dog is very big!" says Mr Brown. "And my bedroom is very small."
The next day, Mr Brown is still sad. "My house is too small," says Mr Brown. "Buy a horse!" says Mr Green. So Mr Brown buys a horse. He puts it in the bathroom. Mr Brown says, "This horse is very big. And my bathroom is very small."
Mr Brown is not happy. He says to the dog and horse, "Now go away!" After that, Mr Brown is very happy. "My house is not too small! My house is wonderful!"
The question is: How does Mr Brown feel after those animals go out of his house?
The possible answers are:
A:He's sad.
B:He's happy.
C:He's surprised.
D:He's angry.My name is Jack. I am a pupil of Grade One. I'm in No.1 Middle School. On weekdays I get up at six o'clock. I have breakfast at seven and then I go to school by bike. We begin our class at eight o'clock in the morning. We have four classes in the morning and three in the afternoon.
At noon, I have lunch at home. Classes are over at four fifteen in the afternoon. After class, we often play football in the afternoon. I go home at about five.
I have supper at about six thirty in the evening. I do my homework at seven thirty.
At weekend, I watch TV. I often go to bed at ten. I'm very happy.
,.
The question is: Jack often watches TV on   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:Monday
B:Thursday
C:Sunday
D:TuesdayMovies are great things. They have a long time. They tell us many things. There are funny movies, scary movies and also exciting movies. Different people like different kinds of movies. Comedies are welcomed by the people of all ages. Usually old people also like Beijing Operas and documentaries. Young people, especially  boys like action movies and thrillers. They also like western movies. In western movies they learn something about the life of the cowboys  in western countries, like the USA. Go to movies in the cinema or stay at home to watch them on TV. You can learn a lot.
The question is: . People   _   if they want to see movies.
The possible answers are:
A:watch them on TV
B:go to the cinemas
C:go to the concert
D:A and BDo you want to save money when you travel by train? Here are some ways .
Day Returns:
This kind of ticket can save you 45% on the fare.You have to travel before 8.00 a.m. and after 6.00 p.m from Monday to Friday, but you can travel at any time on Saturday or Sunday.
Big City Savers :
You can save much money with these tickets.You have to buy them by 4.00 p.m the day before you travel.
Monthly Returns :
You can use these tickets for most journeys over 65 miles. Go any day return within(.....) a month. Monthly Returns can save you 25% on the fare.
Family Returns:
You can get a card of Family Returns for PS20. After you buy your own ticket ,you need to pay only PS3 for each of the other family members.You can travel as often as you like within two months.
The question is: Which of the following is TURE?
The possible answers are:
A:A card of Family Returns can only be used for two months.
B:If you want to travel to Pairs by air ,you can use Big City Savers.
C:If you travel to Tokyo for three months,you can use Monthly Returns.
D:You can only use Day Returns from 8.00 a.m to 6.00 p.m at weekends.I'm Molly Taylor. I am a student of No.8 middle School . I don't like English classes when I begin to learn English. Because I think English is difficult. But now I do well in English. I think if we know how to study English , we will find it very interesting and easy. Here are some ways to help you .
Don't be afraid of speaking English.
Listen to English speakers often .
Watch lots of English movies.
Listen to English radio shows .
Do many English exercises .
Write to your friends in English.
There are so many ways to study English and we can use our favorite ones. But I think the most important thing is to study English every day . When we meet some difficulties , we can ask our teachers or classmates for help.
The question is: Which way is NOT mentioned  in the passage ?
The possible answers are:
A:Listen to and sing English songs.
B:Do English exercises.
C:Watch English movies.
D:Write to your friends in English.A crow  is about twenty inches  long and black all over. Crows are dirty birds because they live on bad food. Crows eat a lot of waste food. In this way they are more useful to us than any birds. They clean up the dirty things in our streets. Crows are always hungry. They look for food all day, and in the evening you can see them in large numbers flying back to their nests  in the trees. They sleep there at night.
Crows are much noisier than other birds. Very often a large number of crows will get together on one house and talk. Sometimes they talk together, and sometimes they do it by turns  like human beings . It is easy to tell  from crow's sound if they are pleased or angry. Perhaps crows talk a lot because they are friendly birds. A pair of crows will live together all their lives, and if one of them dies, the other one becomes very sad and quiet for the rest of its life and some time later it dies too.
The question is: If a pair of crows loves each other,   _
The possible answers are:
A:they will not live together.
B:neither of them can live alone happily.
C:they will die
D:one of them will dieLiving in a foreign culture can be exciting, but it can also be confusing . A group of Americans who taught English in other countries recently discussed their experiences. They decided that miscommunications were always possible, even over something as simple as"yes"and"no".
On her first day in Micronesia, an island in the Pacific, Lisa thought people weren't paying any attention to her. The day was hot. She went into a store and asked, "Do you have cold drinks? "The woman there didn't say anything. Lisa repeated the question. Still the woman said nothing. She later learned that the woman had answered her: She had raised her eyebrows , which in Micronesia means"yes".
Jan remembered an experience she had in Bulgaria, a country in Europe. She went to a restaurant that was known for its cabbage. She asked the waiter, "Do you have cabbage today? "He nodded his head. Jan waited, but the cabbage never came. In that country, a nod means"no".
Tom had a similar problem when he arrived in India. After explaining something in class, he asked his students if they understood. They answered with many different nods and shakes of the head. He thought some people had not understood, so he explained again. When he asked again, they did the same thing. He soon found out that his students did understand. In India, people nod and shake their heads in different ways depending on where they come from. You have to know where a person is from to understand whether they mean"yes"or"no".
The question is: The passage is mainly about   _   .
The possible answers are:
A:body language in foreign restaurants
B:class discussion in Indian schools
C:miscommunication in different cultures
D:English teaching in other countriesDo your kids ask a lot of questions? If they do, that's great. Because that's how children learn. Some of these questions may be easy to answer. Others may be hard. And they want to get the right answers. Do your kids ask such questions?
*Why is the sky blue? Why is the sunset red?
*Why are leaves green?
*Why do leaves change color in autumn?
*How do airplanes fly?
Can you answer these questions? If not, don't worry. Though Science Made Simple can't help with all of life's important questions, it can help with those. In this fast changing world, the more your children know about science, the better.
Get the help you need now, and every month you can get Science Made Simple online for only $11.95 for 10 issues . Click here: questions @sciencemadesimple. Com for more information. Remember, if you are not happy with your first issue, we will give back all your money.
The question is: The passage may be a(n)  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:advertisement
B:report
C:instruction
D:invitationNowadays we can see ATMs everywhere. So we'd better learn how to use an ATM to withdraw money.
First, we must find an ATM for your cards. Some ATMs can only work with certain bank's cards. But now more and more ATMs can use all the banks' cards.
Second, we can put our cards in a slot on the right side of the machine. Make sure the card is facing the right way.
Then , when the screen says, "Please enter your PIN," we can press the numbers. After that, we can select the type of transaction .So we can press the key for withdrawing money.
Next, we can put in the amount of money we want to withdraw by pressing the numbers. Then the screen may say, "Please wait". After a short while, we can take our money from the slot at the bottom of the machine.
At last, if we don't need other services, we can press the key for ending. Then our cards will come out from the slot we put it in. And we can finish our dealing and take the cards and money away.
The question is: When will money come out of the machine?
The possible answers are:
A:Before we put in the amount of money.
B:Before we enter PIN.
C:After we put in the amount of money.
D:After we end the service.Most people buy a lot of gifts just before Christmas. But some people think we  buy too much. They have started a special day called Buy Nothing Day. They don t want anyone to go shopping on that day.
Buy Nothing Day is on November 29th. It is 25 days before Christmas. At that time, we see ads in newspapers and on TV telling us to "buy,buy, buy!"
The idea for Buy Nothing Day started in Vancouver, British Columbia. Now people all over the world celebrate Buy Nothing Day. In California, USA, parents and children get together to read stories, sing songs and paint pictures. The children talk about why they don t need many toys. Last year, in Manchester, England, people dressed up in costumes to tell people that we buy too much.
In Albuquerque, New Mexico,high school students wanted to tell other students about Buy Nothing Day. They organized a dinner to give people information about Buy Nothing Day. They asked restaurants in the neighbours to donate the food. They put up posters and talked to other students about it. The dinner was a big success, many students liked the idea of this new tradition. This year, they want to have another dinner to tell more people about Buy Nothing Day.
The question is: When is Buy Nothing Day?
The possible answers are:
A:On December 25th.
B:On November 29th.
C:On November 25th.
D:On December 29th.There have never been many adventurers. You can read stories about men called adventurers. But they were really businessmen. There was something they wanted----- a lady, or money, or a country, or honor. And so they got it. But a true adventurer is different. He starts without any special purpose. He is ready for anything he may meet.
There have been many half-adventurers. And they were great men. History is rich with their stories. But each of them had a special purpose. They were not followers of true adventure.
In the big city of New York, Romance and Adventure are always waiting.
As we walk along the street, they are watching us. We look up suddenly and see a face in a window. The face seems to interest us strangely. Or in a quiet street, we hear a cry of fear and pain coming from a house where no one lives. A car takes us to a strange door, instead of to our own. The door opens and we are asked to enter. At every corner, eyes look toward us, or hands are raised, or fingers point. Adventure is offered.
But few of us are ready to accept. We are ready to do only the things we do every day. We wish to do only the things that everyone else does. We move on; and some day we come to the end of a long quiet life. Then we begin to think. Then, when it is too late, we are sorry that we have never known true Romance and Adventure.
The question is: When do most people wish that they had known romance and adventure?
The possible answers are:
A:When they are young.
B:When it involves a beautiful lady or handsome man.
C:When something interests them strangely.
D:When they reach the end of a long quiet life.A new word is becoming more and more popular on the Internet in China - but no one knows quite what it means.The word "duang" is so new that you can't even find it in the Chinese dictionary. But it has already spread  like fire on the Chinese Internet , appearing more than 8,000,000 times on Weibo, where 15,000 users had more than 312,000 discussions. On Baidu, it has been looked up almost 600,000 times. But what does it mean?
"Everyone's duang-ing and I still don't know what it means! Looks like I'd better go back to school now," said Weibo user Fahmida.
Another user asked: "Have you duang-ed today? My mind is full of duang duang duang."
"To duang or not to duang, that is the question," wrote user Beatrice.
"Duang" seems to be imitating   a sound. It all seems to have started with Hong Kong action star Jackie Chan, who in 2004 appeared in a shampoo ad   where he used the sound "duang" to describe his soft and black hair. The word came to people again recently  after Chan posted it on his Weibo page. Thousands of users then began to visit Chan's Weibo page with comments  .
The word seems to have many different meanings, and there's no perfect   Chinese meaning for it, but you could use it to give emphasis   to the word that follows it. A kid might be "duang cute", for example.
The question is: In 2004, Jackie Chan used "duang" to   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:show he was very popular
B:describe his hair
C:ask people to buy the shampoo
D:reply to Weibo users' commentsDear Mr. Heppell,
I am Sabrina Akhtar studying in a high school and I've noticed that forests are disappearing.
Forests are disappearing around the world each year. This is because of many different things such as farming and tourism pollution. If we stop doing these things, there will be a good future for people of tomorrow. Now I'm writing to ask you to help stop forests from disappearing. You can help by making shops stop selling paper made from trees and change to tree-free paper(paper not made from trees). This will help protect forests. There are many things we can do to help protect forests. If you would like to know more, please visit http://www.rainforestweb.org.  By changing the little things, we can make a big difference. If you would like to contact  me, please e-mail me at shazadinol@hotmail.co.uk. Thank you for taking your time in reading this letter.
Yours sincerely,
Sabrina Akhtar
The question is: The writer advises Mr. Heppell to  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:stop shops from using paper any more
B:use paper which is made from trees
C:stop shops from selling paper made from trees
D:plant more and more trees in the futureA young man called Jack has visited many countries. He knows few foreign languages, but he can always find someone who knows enough English to understand what he says. Last summer he went to China. He enjoyed himself in China and liked Chinese food very much.
One day he went into a restaurant in a small village. He knew the Chinese word 'rice', so he ordered some rice. The village was famous for its mushrooms, and Jack thought they must be very fresh and delicious. He asked the waiter in English. However, the waiter couldn't understand at all, so he could do nothing for Jack. Jack thought hard. When he saw a piece of paper on the table, he had a good idea. He took out a pencil and drew a picture of a mushroom carefully. The waiter looked at the picture for a long time, then he smiled and left. A few minutes later, he came back with a black umbrella in his hand.
The question is: The waiter didn't help Jack because   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:he had no mushrooms in the kitchen
B:he disliked the mushrooms
C:he didn't know English well
D:he thought the mushrooms were poisonousThe United States of America is a large country. On the same day in the winter, it may be warm in some places and cold in others. In parts of the South , in the winter, the temperature  might be over 27degC. At the same time, in parts of the North , the temperature might be below (......) 0degC.
In the summer, it may be over 38degCin the South. On the same day, it may be 23degCin the North. The temperature is not the same in all parts of the United States.
The rain is also very different in the country. In parts of the West there is little rain. In parts of the South there is much rain.
The question is: In the winter, in parts of the South of the country, you can't see   _   .
The possible answers are:
A:cloud and wind
B:rain and wind
C:snow and ice
D:ice and waterLook at these two photos. They are John and Ann. They're my good friends. All of us like music and we often sing together  . John lives near my house and we are in the same class. John is 15 years old and 1.68 metres tall. He has blond hair and blue eyes. John's English is very good and sometimes he helps me with my homework. He often wears a T-shirt and shorts. But in the photo, he is wearing a yellow shirt and black pants. Ann is in another school. She is short with brown hair and brown eyes. She looks very pretty. She has dance classes every Saturday afternoon and Ann can dance very well. Her favourite clothes are blouses and skirts. In the photo, she is wearing a dress and a hat.
The question is: When does Ann have dance classes?
The possible answers are:
A:Every Saturday morning.
B:Every Saturday afternoon.
C:Every morning.
D:Every evening.One night a man came to our house and told me, "There is a family with eight children. They have nothing to eat for days."
I took some food and went. When I finally came to the family, I saw the ugly face of those little children by hunger. There was no sorrow   or sadness in their faces, just the deep pain of hunger.
I gave the rice to the mother. She divided  it into two, and went out, carry half the rice with her. When she came back, I asked her, "Where did you go?" She gave me this simple answer, "To my neighbours----they are also hungry."
I was not surprised that she gave----because poor people are unselfish . But I was surprised that she knew they were hungry. As a rule, when we are in trouble, we think more about ourselves, and have no time for others.
The question is: The mother went out to    _   .
The possible answers are:
A:give some rice to her neighbours
B:look for her children
C:cook the rice
D:buy some riceMary likes dogs very much. She has a pug-dog. It is white. It has big eyes and ears. It is small but it is cute and beautiful.
Every morning, the dog eats some bread and meat. They are the dog's favorite food. When Mary goes to school, the dog always waits for  her at the gate. When she comes back home, the dog follows her here and there. When Mary does her homework, it lies  near her feet. When Mary watches TV, the dog sits on the sofa near her. When Mary goes to bed, the dog lies its bed next to Mary's. in the evening, they often run and play in the yard  . They are really good friends.
,. (1x5=5)
The question is: The pug-dog's favorite food are   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:grass and leaves
B:fruit and fish
C:bread and meat
D:grass and meatNow cities are full of cars. Some families even have two or more cars. Parking is a great problem, and so is the traffic in and around the cities. Something will have to be done to change it.
What will the cars of tomorrow be like?
Little cars may some day take the place of today's big cars. If everyone drives little cars in the future, there will be less pollution in the air. There will also be more space for parking cars in cities, and the streets will be less crowded. Three little cars can fit in the space now needed for one car of the usual size.
The little cars will cost much less to own and to drive. Driving will be safer, too. What is more, these little cars can go about 65 kilometers per hour.
Little cars of the future will be fine for getting around a city, but they will not be useful for long trips. If big cars are still used along with the small ones, two sets of roads will be needed in the future. Some roads will be used for the big, fast cars, and other roads will be needed for the slower small ones.
The question is: The little car's size may be   _   today's car's size.
The possible answers are:
A:one third of
B:two thirds of
C:as big as
D:as small asLast Sunday I saw the hardest storm in years. It came suddenly and went on for more than three hours. After lunch, I went into my room to have a rest. The air was hot, and all was quiet.
Then the strong wind started blowing into my room. Pieces of paper on my desk flew high into the air and some flew out of the open window. As I ran out to catch them, big drops of rain began to fall.
When I came back into the house, it was raining harder. I tried hard to close the window. Then I heard a loudcrashing sound from the back of the house. I ran out of my room to find out what it was--a big tree had fallen down and broken the top of the back room.
The question is: It was very quiet outside because  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:the weather was very cool
B:it was rainy
C:the weather was very hot
D:there was a lot of thundersA good way to pass an exam is to work hard every day in a year. You may fail in an exam if you are lazy for most of the year and then work hard only a few days before the exam.  If you want to be good at English, you have to read stories in English, and to speak English as much as possible. A few days before the exam you should go to bed early. Do not go to bed late at night studying. Before you start answering in the exam, read carefully over the question papers, and try to understand the meaning of each question. When you have finished your exam, read over your answers. Correct the mistakes if there are any and be sure that you don't miss anything out.
A. B.C.D,. (5,2,10)
The question is: When people have finished the exam, they should   _   .
The possible answers are:
A:stand up and leave at once
B:answer a few more questions
C:make sure that they don't miss anything out
D:leave some mistakes on the question paperHave you ever tried to understand something new on your own but found it a bit too difficult in books or on the Internet? Don't be worriedyou can get help at Khan Academy .
Khan Academy is an online learning website created in 2007 by Salman Khan, an American teacher. In order to provide "a free world-class education to anyone anywhere",Khan offers more than 4,200 free micro lectures atkhanacademy.org.
The classes cover fields like mathematics, biology, chemistry and finance. They usually last for just 10 to 15 minutes. Unlike traditional classes, Khan mainly offers courses for students below college level. The classes can also help those who are planning to take the SAT, an exam often required for students who wish to enter a college or university in the US.
So how can you start your learning journey at Khan Academy?
First of all,enter the website with a personal e-mail account .Your personal homepage at Khan Academy is designed to help you learn math. You can take a pre-test first to see your level. The academy then suggests exercises at the right level for you. It also allows you to watch videos and improve yourself until you reach level 5the highest level.
If you are interested in other subjects, click "LEARN" to see all topics on offer. Try "Art History",for example. This will take you to all the things in that area like text articles, videos and questions. You can also put key words into the search box to see related topics.
Don't worry if you find it difficult to follow the courses in English. The courses have been translated into other languages, such as Chinese. Hundreds of Khan's courses in Chinese can be found on Netease (www. 163. com),which offers translations of courses from Harvard, Yafe, Oxford,Cambridge and other top universities.
The question is: Which of the following is TRUE?
The possible answers are:
A:The classes at Khan Academy usually last 40 minutes.
B:Nothing but videos can be found at Khan Academy.
C:Khan Academy only offers courses in English.
D:You can get courses from top universities on Netease.What's the most important thing for you to have in your life? Somebody thinks it's hard work, others think it's knowledge , love and luck...
If you arrange  the 26 English letters in order and use numbers to represent  each of them, for example, 1 for a, 2 for b, 3 for c ......26 for z, you can change an English word into a number. So hard work becomes 8+1+18+4+23+15+18+11="98," meaning 98 is its mark ;Z-X-X-K]knowledge: 11+14+15+23+12+5+4+7+5="96;" love: 12+15+22+5="54," and luck: 12+21+3+11="47," a smallmark. None of these words can give one a full mark. What about money? It can't, either.
Then what else? Don't be worried. You can always find an answer to a problem in your life, when you change your way of looking at things or doing things, or your attitude . Yes, attitude is the word. See for yourself; attitude: 1+20+20+9+20+21+4+5="100," a full mark.
Different attitudes lead to different kinds of life. Most time people hope for a better life. They will have a better life if they change their attitudes. When you become friendly towards others, you will meet more smiling faces. In the same way, if you take a positive  attitude towards failure, you'll find it's also helpful though it has made you lose lots of things.
The question is: The writer thinks   _   is the most important thing in a person's life.
The possible answers are:
A:hard-work.
B:knowledge
C:money
D:attitudeIn the middle of a dark forest, there lives an owl . All the animals know that he is the wisest  among all of them. So they often go to him and tell him their troubles. Then the owl always teaches them what they should do.
One day, a little bird goes up to the owl. She is crying. "what's wrong with you?" asks the owl.
"I'm not happy at all. I don't want to be a bird," the bird says.
"Why don't you want to be a bird?" asks the owl.
"I am so small, weak and useless," she cries. "I want to be big and strong like the lion. He is very important, but I am not"
Then the owl whispers  something in her ear. At once the bird dries her _ and goes away. One week later, the bird came back. "Oh, thank you very much. You are a very wise owl," she says to the owl. "I am very happy now. Every day, I sit on top of the tallest tree and watch for  lions and tigers. When they come near, I shout at the top of my voice. Then my friend all run and hide. They are very thankful to me. I am useful and important now"
The wise owl smiles and says, "No one in this world is useless."
The question is: From the story we know   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:the bird's friends are very thankful to her because she drives the tigers and lions away
B:the lions and tigers run away when they hear the bird's voice
C:the bird thinks that she is useful and important now
D:the owl is useless.It is easier to go down the hill than to climb up the hill,so it is easier to fall into bad habits than into good ones.Bad habits do not come suddenly. They come little by little without one being aware of their danger. School boys first pick up little bad habits in the school and on the street. When they can't write their lessons,they copy from their schoolmates. If they see bigger boys smoking,they also want to learn to smoke. If they see their friends gambling ,they want to gamble. When they get bigger,the habits become stronger and stronger,so that they can no longer get rid of(,)them. From copying,they learn to steal,from gambling,they learn to cheat. At last they become distrusted  by everybody. How necessary it is that we get rid of the bad habits in the beginning.
The question is: It is important for us to   _   .
The possible answers are:
A:copy others
B:learn steal and cheat
C:get rid of the bad habits in the beginning
D:laugh at othersOne day a big cat was going into a forest to find something to eat. On his way he met his friend, the old owl .  The owl greeted him, "Good morning, my dear friend. Where are you going?"  "I'm going to the forest to look for some birds to eat." The cat answered. "But be careful not to catch any of my children." The owl said to the cat. "OK," the cat said. "But what do your children look like?" "Oh," the owl said, "they are the most beautiful birds in the forest."
"All right, I know that." The cat said and walked on to the forest.
The cat entered the forest and saw many beautiful birds here and there. He remembered what the owl had told him and went away. Then after a long time, he saw some ugly birds in a nest. He sat down and ate them one by one. When the owl came back to her nest, she found it was empty.
The question is: When the cat saw the beautiful birds, he  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:didn't eat any of them
B:ate only a few of them
C:caught some but let them go
D:ate all of themTeenagers can't afford to buy expensive gifts. So what do you do if you want to givegifts to the important people in your life? In fact, you don't have to spend much money onholiday gifts. There are many cheap ways to do that.
Here are some make-it-yourself gifts ideas to try:
To your mom and dad:
You can clean the room, sing a song or write a letter to your mom and dad. Youcould also draw a picture if you like that.
To your teachers:
Sometimes students put their pocket money together and buy a teacher a holidaygift. Some kids would like to give their own gifts. You can send a nice card with the wordsof thanks inside. You might even write down the favorite things you've learned in theteacher's class this year. It will make the teacher feel happy.
To the kids who need a friend:
The holidays are a good time to think about people who are lonely. Maybe there issomeone in your class who doesn't seem to have any friends. Try to do something for thisperson. It could be giving a Christmas card or just chatting with him or her. It's a smallthing, but it could mean a lot to him or her.
The question is: If you want to send your teacher a card, what will you write in it?
The possible answers are:
A:Ways to improve your grades.
B:The names of the students you don't like.
C:Something you've learned in the teacher's class.
D:The importance of making nice gifts by yourself.Tu Youyou, aged 85, is a medical scientist at the China Academy of Traditional Chinese Medicine.she has just become the first Chinese woman to win a Nobel prize, for helping discover artemisinin,a new kind of medicine known as "Qing-hao-su" in Chinese in 1971 and dihydroartemisinin, used also to treat malaria .
The discovery of "Qing-hao-su" and its use in treating malaria are regarded as the most important breakthrough  in tropical medicine in the 20th century. It is also a major health improvement for people in developing tropical countries in south Asia, Africa, and South America.
This is the first time her work has been widely recognized in China, and it also marks the first time China has won a Nobel prize in the sciences.The last time a Chinese national won a Nobel Prize was in 2012, when Mo Yan got the literature award.
Tu also received several medical awards in the past including the 2011 Lasker Award in Clinical Medicine for the same achievements.Tu was the first native Chinese who was educated and works in China to win the Lasker award, too.
The question is: Tu Youyou was born in   _   .
The possible answers are:
A:1920
B:1930
C:1940
D:1950What is a library for? Most libraries have books and other things to read. Many of them have things to listen to. Some libraries even have computers. Very few people would think of a library as a place to live in.
One library in New York City turned into a home for 250 people for a few days. These were all people near the library. They slept on the floor. Why did the people move into the library?
The people moved into the library because the city wanted to close it to save money. These 250 New Yorkers loved their library. They didn't want to lose it. So they moved in. They knew that the library couldn't be closed if they were living inside it. At last the city agreed to keep the library open, and the people all went home.
The question is: From the passage we know that   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:the library was kept open at last
B:the library was closed because no one read in it
C:the library became a home of these people
D:the city saved a lot of moneyI am Bill.I am an English teacher.My wife  is Linda.She is a nurse. We have a daughter and a son.
Look! These are my friends.This is Mr Black.He's a worker.He works in a shoe factory .He makes shoes.That's Mrs Black.She works in a supermarket .The girl is their daughter.She's a student.She's thirteen.The boy is their son.He is only seven years old.His name is Carl.
We are good friends.
The question is: What is Bill?
The possible answers are:
A:He's Mr Black's friend.
B:He's Linda's husband.
C:He's an English teacher.
D:He's a worker.Where is Love? How can we find Love?
Once a little boy wanted to meet Love. He knew it was a long trip to where Love lived, so he got his things ready with some pizzas and drinks and started off. When he passed three streets, he saw an old woman sitting in the park and watching some birds. She looked very hungry. The boy gave her a pizza. She took it and smiled at him. The smile was so beautiful that he wanted to see it again, so he gave her a Coke. She smiled once again. The boy was very happy.
They sat there all the afternoon, eating and smiling, but they said nothing. When it grew dark, the boy decided to leave. But before he had gone more than a few steps, he turned around, ran back to the old woman and gave her a hug. The woman gave him her biggest smile ever.
When the boy opened the door of his house, his mother was surprised by the look of joy on his face and asked what had made him so happy. "I had lunch with Love. She has got the most beautiful smile in the world." At the same time, the old woman,s son was also surprised at his mother,s pleasure and asked why.
"I ate a pizza in the park with Love," she said, "and he is much younger than I expected."
If the world is full of love, we can enjoy a better life.
The question is: The old woman gave the little boy the biggest smile  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:after the little boy went home
B:before it grew dark
C:when she was drinking Coke
D:after the little boy hugged herIn the sea there are many islands. In its warm waters there are some little ones. We call them coral  islands.
A coral island is very nice to look at. It looks like a ring of land with trees, grass, and flowers on it. One part of the ring is open to the water. There is a little round lake inside the island.
If you look into this lake, you will see beautiful coral. You may think they are flowers.
If you look at a piece of coral, you will see many little holes in it. In each of these holes a very small sea animal has lived. These sea animals make the coral.
They began to build under the water. Year after year, the coral grew higher and higher. At last it grew out of the water.
Then the sea brought to it small trees and something else. After some years, these things changed into earth. Sometimes the wind brought seeds to this earth. Sometimes birds flew over it and brought seeds to the island. The little seeds grew. In a few years there were plants all over the island. In a few more years there were trees growing there.
So you see, these islands were built little by little. The workers were very small. Don't they teach us a lesson? Can you think what the lesson is?
The question is: A coral island looks like   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:a round cake
B:trees, grass and flowers
C:a ring of land
D:a round lakeAlthough most of Pakistanis live in the countryside, still many Pakistanis live in cities. Karachi has over 5 million people and Lahore has over 3 million people. Islamabad was built to be Pakistan's capital. The rich city people live in large, air conditioned houses.
Pakistan has 121,000 miles of roads. Bus services and minibuses are available to the public. The trains are still the most common transport of long-distance travel for Pakistanis. Pakistan also has an airline that operates domestic and international flights.
It is difficult to identify   Pakistani food because the country shares food traditions with its neighbour, India. The main difference between Pakistani and Indian food is that Pakistani food is less spicy  . Pakistani dishes are often made with yoghurt , which reduces the effect of the hot spices used in cooking.
Wheat is the main food for most of the people. It is eaten in the form of bread named chapattis or roti, together with vegetables in season. Sweet tea, milk, or lassi, a drink made from yoghurt, makes the meal perfect. Those who can afford to buy it eat meat, although in the countryside these are usually festival foods. Goat meat is a favourite. Pakistanis will not eat pork by the way.
The question is: Which city is the capital of Pakistan?
The possible answers are:
A:Karachi.
B:Lahore.
C:Islamabad.
D:Bangkok.Mr and Mrs Green come from Australia .They are in Beijing now .Mr Green is a teacher in a high school .He teaches English ,He likes reading and running .His son, Jim, is a  student.He likes playing football very much .He likes school, too. He does his homework every day . Mrs Green is a teacher ,too. She can speak a little Chinese. She likes Chinese food .She doesn't like doing housework at all, but she likes cooking .They all like China a lot.
The question is: _  likes running.
The possible answers are:
A:They
B:Tom
C:Mrs Green
D:Mr GreenMany hospitals have blood banks. In these banks, blood of all types is stored. When blood is needed, it is taken from the bank. Healthy people then give blood to the bank to replace   the blood that is used. Blood can be kept in the fridge for about three weeks with a kind of chemical.
When people lose much of their blood because of operations or accidents, they may need transfusions . Some people may need transfusions because of illness. Sometimes only a part of the blood is used for transfusions. Plasma , the liquid part of the blood , may be given alone. Transfusions of plasma are often given when people have been badly burned.
When a person gets a transfusion, he gets blood of the same type as his. Or there may be a bad reaction . To make it safer, before a transfusion is given, the blood to be used must be tested with the blood of the person who is to receive it. This testing is called cross matching of the blood.
Oswald Robertson, an American doctor, was the first one to give transfusions. He used blood that had been stored for some time to help wounded soldiers in 1918 in World War One.
The question is: Before a transfusion, it is important to make sure that   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:the blood is cold
B:the blood has been stored long enough
C:the blood is from people who have accidents
D:the type of blood to be used is the same as the patient'sDoctors, psychologists , economists  and other experts have recently got together to find out what makes us happy and have come to surprising results.
One of the main topics is how to measure happiness. Although some experts say that there are many ways to measure happiness, like recording a person's feelings, satisfaction in life or being healthy, others say that you can't really measure happiness, but you can see it.
Money is really important in most people's lives. Once people have enough money to support their living, they pay more attention to other meaningful things. In many cases, friends and a close family are more important. Some people also need meaningful and creative work to find happiness.
Studies find that there is a connection between happiness and health. Most of the time, people who are happier have better health. They work better and they are not as stressed as others. Besides, happier people may be able to live longer and enjoy their happiness. Studies also show that those who laugh a lot and those who are in good moods are also happier.
Is there a way of achieving happiness? Some experts say that if people express their thanks, they can become happier. Joining pleasant conversations can also bring more satisfaction and happiness. Not surprisingly, people feel that a good relationship is important in being happy. Happiness is also _ . The results show that if you happen to have a member of your family or a friend near you who is happy, you'll happy, too.
The question is: Some people will feel happy if they have   _   work.
The possible answers are:
A:popular and free
B:meaningful and creative
C:well-paid and hard.
D:relaxing and interestingBabysitter wanted( )
Do you like children? Do you have free time in the afternoon? We need a babysitter for our daughter. She's six years old.
Working time: Monday to Friday, 3:00pm--6:00 pm.
Cost: $5 an hour.
We need help with: Looking after our daughter, reading to her, playing with her.
Address:  You must work at our house. We live in Changjiang Road, near the Culture Square.
Please call Mr. Wang at 0551-487-2563.
The question is: This ad doesn't tell us Mr. Wang's   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:e-mail
B:address
C:telephone
D:needMr. Green and his wife had a dog. When they went out, they always left the dog inside the house. One evening they wanted to go to the cinema, so they left the dog in the house and locked the door and their garden gate. They went off in their car.
When the film was finished, they went home. They opened the gate and put the car away. When they came to the front door, they found that the glass in the door was broken. The door was not locked and it was open. A robber! They went in and quickly looked in all the rooms to see if the robber had taken their things. However, everything was in the right place and nothing at all was missing.
The dog was sleeping in the sitting-room. The wife was angry with the dog."Why didn't you guard the house?"she said. The dog was pleased to see Mr. and Mrs. Green. It began to wag its tail and then it went to a comer of the room and picked up something in its mouth. It went to the wife and dropped the thing at her feet. When she went to pick it up, she was very surprised. Can you guess what the dog's present was ?It was a man's finger!
The end of the story is this. Mr. Green telephoned the police and told them everything. Three days later the police caught the robber. They found him easily.
The question is: The robber stole   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:everything from the house
B:something expensive from the house
C:nothing from the house
D:a car from the houseOne of the most famous writers from England by far is Agatha Christie.
Agatha Christie's real name was Agatha Miller. She was born in England in 1890.She married Archibald Christie when she was 24 years old, and she changed her family name to Christie.
She sold her first mystery book in 1920. This book was the first time that the world met Mrs.Christie's famous detective Hercule Poirot. Ten years after that, Mrs. Christie wrote her book with her second famous detective, Miss Marple.
In 1928, Mrs. Christie's first marriage broke up. She married M.E.L. Mallowan in 1930, but she still wrote her books under the name Agatha Christie.
In her life, Agatha Christie wrote 60 books, 16 plays, and more than 100 short stories. She passed away in 1976 when she was 85 years old. Her books can still be found on sale in bookstores all around the world.
The question is: What's the best title of the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:Books about detectives.
B:Famous detectives.
C:A famous writer.
D:Agatha Christie or Agatha Miller.The weekend is usually a period of time for resting. But today's Chinese students can hardly rest during the weekend.
According to a survey, 25%of the Grade 8 students in Beijing have classes on the weekend. Over 38% of the middle school students have less than eight hours' sleep, because of the hard study. Nan Weitong is a Grade7 student in Hubei. The girl has to get up at 6:30 am on Saturday. Then she has a whole day of classes. On Sunday, she has classes for math and English. She says her classmates all work very hard.
However, some students are much luckier. They don't have to go to school on weekends. Zhang Qian, a Grade 9 student from Jinan, is one of them. On the weekend, she usually gets up at 8:00am. Then she spends some time on her homework. After that, she goes shopping or watches TV. Zhang Qian said her mother once wanted her to try extra classes. "But my teacher said it was unnecessary. Learning well at school is enough," Zhang Qian said, "I feel pretty lucky."
The question is: On the weekend, Zhang Qian often   _  after doing her homework.
The possible answers are:
A:goes to extra classes
B:goes shopping
C:watches TV
D:both B and CIt seems that school children all over the world complain   about their school food. What do students of your age eat for lunch at school in other countries?
Japan
High schools have dining rooms. They serve everything from noodles to rice, but not burgers and chips. Other children bring food from home, such as cold rice balls, meat or fish, pickles   and vegetables. Twice a year parents are invited to have a taste of the food.
United States
A typical menu from a US school is made up of a hamburger with fried potatoes or roast chicken, lettuce and pickles, fruit and cookies. School lunches must also provide at least one third of the daily amount   of necessary nutrition  , such as,  vitamin A, vitamin C and calcium  .
Australia
Meat pies, sausage rolls   and hotdogs are all traditional dishes in Australian school shops. But as the country pays more attention to children's health, healthier foods have started to appear on school menus. Many schools have used a traffic light system. The sale of red labeled c) foods, including cookies, chocolate and soft drinks. Is served only twice a week. Healthier green labeled foods such as sushi, sandwiches, corn and watermelons, however, are available every day.
South Africa
Most of South African schools do not serve meals at all. Classes end at l; 30 p. m. and students get their own lunches. Many students bring food from home, usually sandwiches.
Fast food and fried food sell the best among students. As a result, it has caused a rise in obesity c) among children. But as more people began to realize that being too fat may cause different kinds of serious illnesses, some schools in towns have led the way towards better nutrition. Now students at these schools are offered lunches of porridge with vegetables, such as cabbage, onions, beans, carrots and tomatoes.
The question is: High schools in Japan serve  _
The possible answers are:
A:noodles and rice
B:burgers and rice balls
C:chips and vegetables
D:fish and roast chickenDo you enjoy visiting a museum? Did you ever make a plan before a visit? Every museum must have something that attracts you. And there are many possible ways to enjoy yourself in a museum. If you follow these steps below, you'll know what is worth seeing and doing, so that you can make the most of your time at the museum.
Decide what museum you will visit. There are so many different kinds of museums and you first need to find one that you like. It's easy for you to choose one and start an enjoyable visit!
Do some research online. Every museum now has a website which allows you to look through the information about it. On the website, you may look for such things as:
The exhibits -See what is on show at the museum at all times, and what special exhibitions are held for a short time.
The history of the museum -There will often be very interesting stories about the exhibits and the benefactors  . That can make your visit more interesting.
Activities -See whether there are talks, tours our special activities on the day when you visit. Many museums hold some activities that meet the interests of all age groups.
Cost, food or shortage - It's important how much the visit will cost. You have to decide whether or not you can eat there. You might also need to find out transportation needs, as well as storage for coats, bags etc.
Learn at least one thing on your visit. It is always good to take away something new from your visit.
Plan breaks into your visit. When you walk around, standing here and studying exhibits there, you may become very tired. So it is important to take breaks. A break is a good opportunity for you to think of what you have seen and what else you might wan t to do in museum.
Take a friend or two. Visiting museums is always a lot more fun when you are with someone else. You can talk over what you're seeing. A friend also brings another way of thinking when you talk about the exhibit.
The question is: To make our visit more interesting, we can  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:organize activities like special shows and talks
B:learn about the interests of all age groups
C:read the stories about exhibits and benefactors
D:walk around the museum without breaksYou are going to high school, aren't you? Maybe you don't know what to do. Well, here's a list of the top six things to do when you are in high school. These things will give you ideas of what your high school life could be like. Here you go!
1 Find your passion  and what kind of person you are: Whether it's dance, basketball, or drawing, the important thing is that you have found something you are interested in.
2 Talk to people you wouldn't usually talk to: meet new people, find new friends and even talk to people you don't like. It will show what a great person you are. You never know what will happen after high school.
3 Take part in at least one contest : This will give you tears of laughter, happiness and memories.
4 Get a job: This will help you see what it's like to have responsibility . It can also help you make a little money to spend on yourself.
5 Take a trip with your friends: It doesn't matter where you go or what you do, the memories will happen on the way and go on till the final place.
6 Do your best at school: Don't ever get lazy; working hard now will help you in the future.
The question is: The writer gives you advice that you should talk to people you don't like because   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:you will feel sorry if not
B:it will show how great you are
C:it will show how clever you are
D:you can make your study betterBig Brothers Big Sisters is based on the simplicity and power  of friendship.It is a program which provides friendship and fun by matching _ (ages 7-17) with a volunteer adult who can be both a role model and a supportive friend.
Volunteer tutors come from all walks of life--married, single, with or without children. Big Brothers and Big Sisters are not replacement parents or social workers. They are tutors: someone to trust, to have fun with, to talk and go to when needed.
A Big Sister and Little Sister will generally spend between one and four hours together three or four times each month for at least twelve months. They enjoy simple activities such as a picnic at a park, cooking, doing sports or going to a football match. These activities improve the friendship and help the young person develop self-respect, confidence and life direction.
Big Brothers Big Sisters organizations can be found throughout the world. It is the largest and most well-known provider of tutor services internationally and has been operating for 25 years.
Emily and Sarah have been matched since 2008. Emily is a 15-year-old girl who has experienced some difficulties being accepted by her schoolmates at school. " I was pretty sure there was something wrong with me."
Emily's mum came across Big Brothers Big Sisters and thought it would be of benefit to Emily by "providing different feedback about herself other than just depending on schoolmates to measure  her self-worth.
Sarah wanted to get involved  in a volunteer program. "I googled it and found out how to be a part of it. I thought it would be fun for me to get involved in making time to do something because sometimes it is all work and no play."
Big Brothers Big Sisters has been of great benefit and enjoyment to both Emily and Sarah. They love and look forward to their time together and the partnership has certainly helped Emily be more comfortable in being the wonderful and happy girl she is!
The question is: Why did Sarah want to get involved in the program?
The possible answers are:
A:She felt a bit bored with her life.
B:She used to be a volunteer.
C:She needed a part-time job.
D:She wanted to get a difficult job.Laboratory work is your chance to learn science firsthand. It can be fun but you must be careful to prevent injury. Listen closely when your teacher reads and explains the rules before your first lab lesson.
LABORATORYRULES
Throughout the lesson
*Do not enter the science lab without the teacher's permission.*No food or drinks are to be alowed in the science lab.
Before the Experiment
*Read al instructions carefuly before every experiment.
*Prepare al apparatus and arrange them so that you wil not knock them over while doing the experiment.
During the Experiment
*If you are unsure of how to use any apparatus or how to operate, ask your teacher for help.*Never smel or taste chemicals unless your teacher gives permission.
After the Experiment
*Wash al apparatus after use and return them to the places where they were.
*Throw waste materials in proper waste baskets.
First Aid
*Report al accidents to your teacher immediately.
*If you spil(   )any chemicals onto your body or clothing, wash with plenty of water and report to your teacher.
The question is: It is clear that you can   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:bring food into the lab
B:enter the lab anytime
C:smel chemicals as you like
D:learn science directly in the labIt was the last day of the final exam in a college. Outside the classroom, a group of students were waiting for the last exam. On their faces was confidence.
They knew the exam would be easy. The teacher said they could bring any books or notes during the test.
Right after they came into the classroom. The teacher handed out the papers. There were only five questions on it.
Three hours passed. Then the teacher began to collect the papers. The students no longer looked _ but they looked very nervous. The teacher watched these worried faces, and then asked. "How many of you finished all five questions?" No one answered. "How many of you answered four?" Still no one put up the hand. "Three? Two?" The students moved restlessly in their seats. "One, then? Certainly somebody finished one." But the class kept silent . The teacher said, "That is what I thought. I just want to make you know clearly that you finished four years of study, but there are still many things about the subject you don't know. These questions you could not answer are common  in everyday life." Then, he smiled and said "You will all pass this exam, but it doesn't mean that you learned the subject well. There are still more things for you to learn in your later life."
Now we can't remember the name of this teacher clearly, but we can't forget the lesson he taught us.
The question is: What's the best title for the article?
The possible answers are:
A:Some confident students.
B:An easy exam.
C:An interesting teacher.
D:An unforgettable lesson.One weekend, a wife and a husband went to visit a shop in London. After they got back home, they couldn't find their camera. They thought the camera must be in the shop. After a few weeks,they went to that shop again and the boss gave their camera back to them.
When their picture of the camera came out, the husband saw two pictures he did not take. One isa man standing at the door of the shop. In his hand there is a piece of paper with some words onit "I find your camera". The other is a boy with a piece of paper in his hand. There are somewords on the paper too, "I take the pictures."
The question is: They couldn't find their   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:books
B:children
C:camera
D:carI'm Bolivia Williams, a students at Bard College. I was the only person in my family who was Facebook friends with my mom, Rynn, when she died four years ago. At that time, my brother and sister were still young. As soon as we got the news that she died, I thought it would be an easy way to let everyone know what happened. Right after I posted the news, so many people offered their help and shared stories about her.
I like to visit my mom's page to tell her things that I'm doing and I like to look at her pictures there. I sing with the Brooklyn Youth Chorus ,and we did a concert for the tenth anniversary  of 9/11,which was also my mom's birthday. It was an unforgettable day. I posted, "You will be proud of me--I will sing at the site of the World Trade Center tomorrow. I know you will be looking down, smiling. "When I'm writing to her, it feels like I'm still here.
In the beginning, I wasn't sure how to face my mom's death. But I've grown up now. I haven't been on my mom's page for a month, but I would miss _ if it were gone. Her page allows me to think that she's still here.
I used to go to my mom's page to look at her pictures, which would make me feel really sad, Now, when I visit it, I smile more often than cry.
,.
The question is: Right after her mother has died, the writer   _   .
The possible answers are:
A:did a concert for her mother
B:posted the news on Facebook
C:wrote stories about her mother
D:called her friends and relativesRead the suggestions for making an English speech.
a. Looking at and talking to one person in the audience   helps keep you natural, but it feels foolish talking to only one person. Speak to that person as long as 15 seconds and then change another one.
b. The audience have a hard time understanding what they hear. They need your help. Slow down, pause  and guide the audience through your talk. Remember that you should help the audience understand what you are saying.
c. Make your voice a little lower than normal. Listeners like to listen to a relatively  deep voice.
d. When you talk, try to be as natural as possible. Don't try to memorize your words and read or recite  them to your audience. You can use short notes to help you remember the important points.
e. You should know you and most of the people you talk to are different in many ways. Some of them may not know what you are talking about. Then speak to them on their terms and in their languages.
f. Concentrate on what you want to say. If you are always paying attention to gestures ,you will feel uncomfortable.
g. It's true that there are some differences between American English and British English, but they'll not cause much difficulty for listeners, so just speak the way you're used to.
Choose a suggestion for each of the following students according to their problems.
The question is: Tony: Should I talk in American English or British English?
The possible answers are:
A:a
B:b
C:c
D:gOnce upon a time, there was a garden in the village. Its owner was an old man. He had been away for several years to visit his friends. It was a large lovely garden with soft green grass and beautiful flowers. While the old man was away, some children came to play in the garden every afternoon. The birds in the garden sang so sweetly that the children used to stop their games to listen to them. For them, the time they spent there was the happiest they had ever had.
One day the old man came back. When he saw the children playing in his garden, he was very angry. "What are you doing here?" he shouted. "Nobody except myself is allowed to play in my garden." The children were terrified and ran away. Then spring came, but it was still winter in the old man's garden. There were blossoms   and birds all over the village, except in the garden. The birds didn't like singing in his garden, since there were no children." Why is spring arriving so late this year?" the old man thought. "How pretty it would be if it were spring now!" One morning, the old man was woken up by some sounds. He heard birds singing and children laughing. When he opened the window, he saw the birds sitting in the trees and the children running about happily. "I'm sure spring has come. What I'm seeing is the most _ scene   I have ever seen, and the sounds which I'm hearing are the most beautiful in the world," said the old man.
The question is: When the children were enjoying themselves in the garden, the old man   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:was happy to watch them
B:was away to visit his friends
C:pretended that he didn't see them
D:was angry but didn't drive them offIf you don't keep yourself warm enough, winter can be a time of illness.
During the winter months, people easily get colds and flu  . Many think they are the same, but these two illnesses are different.
Colds can stay with you for up to a week. You will have a running nose, sore throat, headache, cough and a fever.
Flu is more serious. You will feel sick very quickly. You will have a fever and a headache. Your body will hurt and become weak. This could last for up to four weeks.
Is there any way to keep yourself away from colds and flu? Staying clear of people with colds or flu may work.
Try not to touch your nose or eyes if you have been close to someone who has a cold. Wash your hands, especially after cleaning your nose. Going out with wet hair can also give you a cold! If you catch a cold or flu, go to bed and rest. Doing this will help you get better. Drink lots of water. Stay in a warm, well-aired room. If you have a headache, or your muscles hurt, take some medicine.
The question is: How long does a cold usually last?
The possible answers are:
A:2or 3 days
B:up to 4 weeks
C:up to a day
D:about 7 daysOne Saturday morning, Apple Inc's iPad table computer  went on sale in the United States stores across the country. The iPad can be bought in more than 200 U.S. Apple stores from Apple. Many fans even waited overnight outside some Apple stores, hoping to be the first to get one. Dozens of the people were waiting before the door opened at 9:00 a.m. Hiro Kishimoto, a Japanese computer researcher who had a meeting in San Francisco, came as early as 5:00 a.m. He wanted to read books and magazines with the iPad.  " It's much more comfortable than a laptop . Because the laptop is too heavy to carry all the time, when you are in the living rooms, maybe the iPad is the best one to use." He said. The iPad models that hit the U.S. Market on Saturday with price starting from 499 dollars, only have Wi Fi   link to the Internet. Apple models that have both Wi Fi and 3G will be on sale in Australia, Canada, France, Germany, Italy, Spain, Swizland and the UK in late April. With a 9.7 -inch touch screen like books and magazines, iPad can let users finish many tasks including making the web, watching videos, playing games and reding e-books. Apple is trying to remake the tablet computer. The iPad doesn't support Adobe's Flash software  that is used to watch many of the videos on the web. " It is short of a keyboard, a mouse, USB ports and mwlti-tasking." some researchers said.
The question is: People can buy iPad computers in   _   in late April.
The possible answers are:
A:Canad, France and Russia
B:China, Japan and France
C:Spain, Australia and Germany
D:Italy, the UK and GreekNext time you're unhappy or complaining about your life, don't turn to a cheerful comedy. You might find a tear-jerking tragedy  is just the thing you need to brighten your day.
A team of researchers at Ohio State University, US, has found sad movies can make people happier, Science Daily reported last month.
Many people find tragedies make them realize how good their own lives are, the study showed.
"People seem to use tragedies as a way to reflect on the important relationships in their own lives," said Silvia Knobloch-Westerwick, leader of the study. "Tragic stories often focus on themes of eternal  love, and this leads viewers to think about their loved ones and count their good and helpful things."
In the study, researchers gathered 361 college students and showed them the 2007 movie, Alonement. The movie is about two lovers who are separated  and finally die during Worid War II. Before and after the movie, the students were asked questions measuring  how happy they were with their lives. Researchers also asked them before, afier and three times during the movie to measure various emotions, including sadness.
Researchers found that the sadder students felt while watching the movie, the more likely they were to think about real people they had close relationships with in life. This increased their happiness afier watching the movie. Knobloch-Westerwick explained that negative  moods make people more thoughtful.
"Positive  emotions show that everything is fine, you don't have to worry, you don't have to think about problems in your life," she said. "But negative emotions, like sadness, make you think more critically about your situation. So seeing a tragic movie may make you sad, but that will make you to think more about your own close relationships and appreciate them more."
The link between watching a tragic story and feeling better has long been recognized. The ancient Greeks even had a word for the feeling of happiness afier seeing something sad that led to the modern English word "catharsis ".
The study also showed that relationships are a very important source of happiness in our lives, so it is no surprise that thinking about your loved ones makes you happier, researchers said.
The question is: Which is the title of the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:There is eternal love in the world
B:Watching sad films may start smiles
C:It's useless to complain about life
D:Comedies should make way for tragedies"Last week was Road Safety Week at Jason's school. All the students had to take part in a talk on road safety which was given by a police officer. The following is what the police officer said. "
"Most traffic accidents shouldn't happen. They happen because people are careless. A frequent cause of traffic accidents is speed. Some people drive too quickly. This means that if they have to stop suddenly, they cannot stop quickly enough to avoid  hitting other vehicles  or people. You need to remember this when you are crossing the street or walking along the sidewalk. "
"It's not only drivers who cause accidents, however. People on foot-pedestrians, and bicycle riders often cause accidents, too. Pedestrians sometimes walk out into the street without looking. You should always look on both sides before stepping into the street. "
"Do any of you ride a bike? Bicycle riders can cause accidents by changing directions suddenly or without warning other road users. Before you turn left, for example, you should check behind you to make sure there aren't any cars, trucks or buses coming. You should show with your left hand to tell that you want to turn left. You should not turn until the street is clear. "
"The rules of the road are very simple. If we learn them and obey  them, we should not have accidents any more. "
The question is: Which of the following is the best title of this passage?
The possible answers are:
A:Road Safety Week
B:A Talk on Safety
C:Safety First
D:Safety and AccidentsHow important is color in the business world?
Google, one of the biggest U.S. companies, is trying to find it out. The company has already found "a close connection between color and satisfaction with a person's work area". That's according to its spokeswoman named Meghan Casserly.
"Color is a silent salesperson," said Elyria Kemp. She is an assistant professor of marketing at the University of New Orleans.
Kemp is following color trends in business. She is studying the connection between feelings and color. According to Kemp, when people make an evaluation   of a product, usually they do this within 90 seconds or less. Besides, more than half of their first evaluation is based on (......) color alone.
That's why so many companies are researching their color choices. They are spending thousands of dollars on the research, too. Just think of UPS's Pullman brown, Home Depot's orange and Tiffany & Co.'s blue.
Joclyn Benedetto is a spokeswoman for Tiffany & Co. She said the success of the company's jewelry   was connected to its blue color. It is used to wrap   every product. She said the color was chosen by the founder Charles Lewis Tiffany for the cover of Blue Book, Tiffany's annual collection of beautifully hand-made jewels, which first came out in 1845.
Coca-Cola's red color also dates back more than 100 years. The soft drink was shipped in barrels painted red.
A spokesperson for Home Depot said research showed that the first thing people thought of was orange when they heard the name of the company.
Smaller companies are also realizing the importance of color. But picking the right color is important.
"You know when something is right because you get a feeling of safety, and it's not something that you think about. It just will hit you," said Emil Hagopian, a distributor for Mar Plast Color Building Accessories in Ann Arbor, Mich. "And sometimes, if it's done wrong, that also hits you."
The question is: What is Google trying to find out?
The possible answers are:
A:How to create a better work area.
B:How to become the biggest U.S. company.
C:The connection between color and business.
D:The secret of success in the business world.In this school, most students come from rich families and some of them have famous parents. People from Hollywood sometimes go to Beverly Hills High School to look for future actors.
School life
There are lots of good things about going to this school: There are two theatres, a television studio  and a radio station. The students make TV programmes and films in their drama  classes. The biggest activity of the school year is the school dance.
Travelling to school
In California, children can learn to drive three months before their sixteenth birthday. Lots of students in Beverly Hills High School have their own cars, but they have to pay a lot of money to park  their cars in the school parking area.
What the children think
Most children enjoy going to Beverly Hills High School because it is fun and there is much to do. But some children do not like the school if their parents don't have enough money to buy them a fast car or expensive clothes.
The question is: Which of the following is NOT true according to the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:Not all the students like the school.
B:The biggest activity of the school year is the school dance.
C:In California, children can learn to drive three months before their fifteenth birthday
D:Lots of students have to spend much money parking their cars in the school parking area.My name is Maria. I'm 13. I live in New York City. I often go to school by bike. Riding a bike is good exercise for me. I like watching NBA matches on TV very much. I watch them every week. It's real fun for me. I like pop music a lot, too. My favorite singing star is Michael Jackson. At school, music is my favorite subject. I have a good voice and I play the violin well. I have a dream of being a singer like Madonna.
I'm Linda. I'm 12. I live in Los Angeles. I like playing football and basketball. I play football or basketball every day with my friends after school. I like animals and I also like animal stamps. I have panda stamps from my pen pal. They are very good. On weekends I often go to the mountains to paint pictures. I have painted some very nice pictures. Painting is my life, so I want to be a painter when I grow up.
I'm Sophia. My home is in Washington D.C. I like reading and watching programs about travel and history. I often stay at home reading on weekends. At school, I like French very much and I'm good at it. I'd like to be a guide. I can go around the world and meet a lot of people. That would be great fun.
The question is: Which is NOT true according to the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:Maria lives in New York City.
B:Linda likes ball games very much.
C:Sophia often reads at home.
D:Sophia can play the violin well.People like to tell me rubbish. Not just friends, but strangers ,too.
Once, at the airport, my husband stepped off an escalator  before me. When he realized I wasn't with him, he looked back and saw me hugging ( ) a stranger.
I'd asked the man behind me: "Did you have fun in Vegas?"
His answer broke me heart. After 50 years away, I'd come to say goodbye to the lover of his life, _ was dying of cancer.
"I should have married her 50 years ago," he said. I hugged him, and then he was gone.
Moments later, my husband said: "He told you all that on the escalator?" I nodded.
"Maybe he just needed to tell somebody, And I happened to ask."
When someone wants to talk, you just need to ask a question. The words don't matter. It's the tone   in your voice and the look in your eyes and the caring in your heart that count.
Sometimes I think the whole world is crying out to be heard.
And yet, we don't ask the question or say the things we need to say to those who matter most to us while there is still time, and a chance, to do so.
Recently I heard from a reader who shared with me the eulogy  she'd written after losing her mother.
I wish her mother could have read it. I can only hope her mother knew all the things her daughter wrote about her--that she was known so well and loved so much.
I like to think people will say a few nice things about me when I'm gone. But given a choice, I would rather hear those things before I go. Wouldn't we all?
That started me thinking. I need to tell my children I am proud of them. They know it, but it can't hurt to say it again.
I need to tell my sister I will forever in her debt . I was the one who left. She was the one who stayed, who's "been there" for our family--for our mother, our dad, our brothers and me.
And to my husband, I need to say, well, he puts up with a lot.
In fact, I need to say a lot of things to whole lot of people. Maybe you do, too. You can tell me, if you want. But maybe you should tell them first.
The question is: What does the writer want to tell us with the article?
The possible answers are:
A:It's never too late to express your love.
B:It's better to say what you need to say before it's too late.
C:We should care about strangers to make the world better.
D:We should be careful about what we say to our beloved ones.Jack is a twelve-year-old boy. One day, he was playing football. The ball went into the street and Jack ran for it. Unfortunately, a car hit him. Jack's parents took him to the hospital at once. Jack woke up after a month. When he woke up, he asked, "Who am I? Who are you? Why am I here?" He even didn't know his parents. The doctor said, "Jack's head was badly hurt. Maybe he can remember all the things he has lost one day. Maybe he will forget them forever." Every day Jack's parents told Jack something about himself, his friends and so on. But Jack still couldn't think of anything. One day, when his father talked about his dog, Tidy, Jack seemed to think of something. Then Jack's father had an idea. He took Jack back home. Jack and Tidy played together happily. After a year, with the help of Tidy, Jack's memory came back.
The question is: What happened to Jack one day?
The possible answers are:
A:A car hit him.
B:His ball was missing.
C:He was ill.
D:He was lost.It was 12:45 pm on January 2, 2007. 50-year-old Wesley Autrey was waiting for the train at a subway station in New York. His two daughters, aged four and six, were with him.
Suddenly, a sick man fell down on the platform  . The man, 20-year-old Cameron Hollopeter, got up, but then fell again--this time, onto the track between the two rails  . A train was coming into the station. It was a frightening moment.
But Mr Autrey wasn't frightened. He looked at the man and the space that the man was in. It was about half a meter deep. And he thought, "The train is going to travel over this man. If he tries to get up, the train will kill him. But if he lies on the ground and doesn't move, he'll be OK." So he got an idea.
He jumped down and kept Mr Hollopeter down on the ground. The train driver saw them. He was terrified, but he couldn't stop in time. The train traveled over the two men before it stopped.
The people on the platform were surprised. When Mr Autrey heard them screaming, he shouted, "We're OK down here, but I've got two daughters up there. Let them know their father is OK."
In an interview on a TV show, Mr Autrey said, "The only thing that happened to me was my blue hat got dirty."
The question is: Why did Mr Hollopeter fall on the platform and then the track?
The possible answers are:
A:Because he was ill.
B:Because he walked so fast.
C:Because he was too old.
D:Because the subway station was so crowed.English people like to say "Thank you" when others help them or say something kind to them. In fact, people all around the world do so. It's a very good habit.
You should say "thank you" when someone passes you the salt on the table or opens the door for you, or say you have done your homework well.  "Thank you" is used not only between friends but also between parents and children, brothers and sisters, husbands and wives.
"Excuse me" is another useful short expression. When you hear someone say so behind you, you know he or she wants to walk past you without touching you. It's not polite   to interrupt  others when they are talking. So if you want to speak to one of them, say "Excuse me" first. You should also do so when you want to make any noises  that may trouble others or you have to leave early at a party.
Let's all learn to say "Thank you" and "Excuse me". It's really important to get into the good habit.
The question is: _   like to say "Thank you" and "Excuse me".
The possible answers are:
A:People in some countries
B:Only English people
C:Few people
D:People all over the worldThere are four people in Simon's family. They have different habits.
* Simon's father is a doctor. He works in a hospital. He likes reading books very much. There are many books in his bedroom. He doesn't like going to the cinema.
* Simon's mother is a music teacher. She likes listening to music, but she has no time to go to concerts.
* Simon's brother is seven years old. He likes watching cartoons. He usually watches cartoons when his parents aren't at home.
* Simon is a middle school student. He likes playing football. He often plays football with his friends after school. He likes playing computer games at home. But he doesn't like watching TV.
The question is: Where does Simon's father work?
The possible answers are:
A:In a school.
B:In a hospital.
C:In a factory.
D:In a company.In the United States, every year, Thanks-giving Day is on the fourth Thursday in November. Because Canada is on the north of the United States, and is colder, the harvest comes earlier  in the year. In Canada, people have Thanksgiving Day on the second Monday in October.
The harvest brings a lot of food to the people. On Thanksgiving Day people in Canada and America like to have a big meal with their friends and family just like Chinese people do at Mid-autumn festival. Many Canadians and Americans put flowers, vegetables and fruits around their homes to say "Thank you" for the harvest. At a Thanksgiving Day dinner, many Canadians and Americans will eat turkey, potatoes, and pumpkin pie. These are food like the food of many years ago. They are saying "Thank you" for the harvest that comes every year.
The question is: Why people celebrate the Thanksgiving Day?
The possible answers are:
A:Because people want to have a big meal.
B:Because people want to eat turkey, potatoes and pumping pie.
C:Because people want to get together with their friends and family.
D:Because people want to say "Thank you" for the harvest.Barack Obama, a black man, is the president of the United States now. He was born on August 4th, 1961, in Hawaii and has lived in many places. His mother was from Kansas and his father was from Kenya. Obama went to Columbia University in New York and got a law degree at Harvard University in Massachusetts. His wife is Michelle Obama. She also worked as a lawyer   and later worked for the University of Chicago. They have two young daughters.
Obama wrote a bookDreams from My Father. "I always live in the dream of my father and American people, " Obama once said. He was born in a poor family. And he was taken good care of by his grandparents when he was young. He also lived and worked in Africa. Then he got good education in Harvard University. On November 4th, 2008, he became the president of America for the first time.
The question is: Which of the following is NOT true?
The possible answers are:
A:Obama's father was from Kenya.
B:Obama has a son and a daughter.
C:Obama once worked in Africa.
D:Obama studied in Columbia University.Mary Walker works at a bank.  She begins working at eight in the morning.  She has a break at noon for one hour.  She stops working at five in the afternoon.  At five the bank closes.  Everybody goes home.  Some people drive home.  Some ride bikes.  Some take the bus or the train.  But Mary walks home.  She likes to walk.  She walks,  and walks,  and walks and walks.  Mary lives eight miles  from the bank.  She walks for three hours.  At eight in the evening,  Mary is at home.  She eats dinner.  At ten she goes to bed.  Mary is tired .  She is 82 years old.
The question is: What does Mary do?
The possible answers are:
A:She is a nurse
B:She is a factory worker.
C:She is a worker at a bank.
D:She is a doctor.Today there are more fires than in the past . Over 100,000 wildfires burn each year in America . Russia has 20,000 to 35,000 wildfires and Australia has about 60,000 each year. These fires destroy huge areas of forests and burn hundreds of homes .
Many experts believe there are several reasons for this sudden increase in fires. The first reason is climate change . In 2010, Russia had the hottest and driest summer with strong winds in a century. In just one month, 500 fires destroyed over 2,000 homes. Some people lost their lives .
Traditional fire-fighting practices are another reason for the increase in fires. In America, firefighters used to quickly put out every fire as quickly as they could. They didn't allow the grass and trees to burn. As a result , today many forests have thicker vegetation which provides more fuel for fires . So surprisingly, America has many more fires today partly because of its past fire-fighting practices.
Scientists now understand that a fire can be a natural part of a healthy forest. As a result, countries like Australia allow some fires to burn naturally. The fire makes old trees thinner. This allows sunlight to reach the ground. As a result, fires help new trees to grow. Therefore , if a fire is not a serious threat to people , firefighters may let it burn naturally .
The question is: Russia had so many fires in one month in 2010 because   _   .
The possible answers are:
A:lightening spread the fire
B:there was much fuel for fires
C:there were not enough firefighters
D:it was very hot , dry and windyThere are some easy things you can do to protect  the environment and the earth. Choose ideas from the list or come up with a few of your own.
* Plant flowers, grass or trees.
*Whenever you visit a park or beach, take away what you bring there----keep rubbish in a bag until you can put it in a dustbin  .
*Turn off the lights, TV sets when you leave the room. This saves  a lot of electricity.
*Turn off the tap  when you brush your teeth. You can save some water by not letting it run. Also, use a glass cup instead of a paper cup because this saves paper.
*Keep the doors and windows closed in winter to keep warm air in.
*Give your old books and magazines to a library instead of throwing them away.
*Give your old clothes to poor children you know instead of throwing them away.
*Use both sides of paper.
*Stop pouring  dirty water into the rivers or the lakes nearby  .
*Encourage all your friends to do the same things you do to help protect the earth.
You don't have to wait until Earth Day to do these things. Make every day Earth Day.
If everyone makes a contribution  to protecting the environment, the world will become much more beautiful.
The question is: Which of the following is WRONG according to the writer?
The possible answers are:
A:Turn off the lights when you leave the room.
B:Close the doors in winter.
C:Use a paper cup when you brush your teeth.
D:Give your old clothes to the poor children.Hello! My name is Mike. I am from America. Now I am with my parents. I like breakfast at home. I have an egg, some bread and porridge  for breakfast. I do not like milk. I have no time to go home for lunch. So I have it at school. The lunch in our school is good. I can have different food for lunch. I eat rice, meat and vegetables. Sometimes I have noodles and dumplings. I have dinner at home with my parents. Sometimes we go out to eat with friends. We have chicken, vegetables and fruit.
The question is: He has lunch  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:at school
B:at home
C:in a restaurant
D:with his parentsIt's sometimes reported that strange objects have been seen high up in the sky. These unidentified  flying objects - UFOs have made a lot of people interested. Some of the reports about them are difficult to believe.Some have been explained in scientific ways, others have never been explained.
It is not easy to decide whether a report is true or not. One report of UFOs came from a British plane on its way from New York to London in 1954. The British plane was flying over an island at 19,000 feet when the captain noticed that something was on their left and a little lower than their plane. It's about five miles away.
"It was not one object but several," the captain said. "We saw one large and six smaller objects. I sent a radio to report about them and I received the answer that the other planes were coming out to meet us. Before the planes arrived, the smaller objects entered the big objects. The big object then became smaller and moved away fast."
The question is: The big object moved away because  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:it was afraid of the plane
B:it had received a radio report
C:of some unknown reason
D:it had stayed long enough with the planeMany students in China are learning English. Some of these students are small children  Others are teenagers . Many are adults . Some learn at school, others _ . A few learn English language over the radio, on television or in films. One must work hard to learn another language.
Why do all these people want to learn English? _ .  Many boys and girls learn English at school because it is one of their subjects. They study their own  language, Maths and English. Some people learn English because it is useful  for their work. Many people often learn English for their further studies, because at college or university  some of their books are in English. Other people learn English because they want to read newspapers and magazines in English
The question is: Many students in China   _   English
The possible answers are:
A:are learning
B:aren't learning
C:learning
D:learnA farmer bought an old and run-down farm. The fields were grown over with weeds, the farmhouse was falling apart, and the fences  were broken all around. The roads were hidden because of the grass that were growing madly. And there were not any animals on it. However, the farmer planed to turn it into a pleasant and loving place.
During his first day of work, the town preacher  passed by. He looked at the farmer and then the mess, saying, _ 
A few months later, the preacher stopped by again to call on the farmer. He was so surprised to see a completely different place -- the farmhouse is rebuilt and in excellent condition, there were plenty of cows, sheep, hens and other livestock eating happily in the fence which had already been well repaired, and the fields were filled with crops planted in rows. A lot of flowers and small trees were growing along the road. He even saw some ducks swimming in a small pool. "Amazing!" the preacher said. "Look what God and you have finished together!"
"Yes, " answered the farmer, "but remember what the farm was like when God was working it alone!"
The question is: What was the farm like at first?
The possible answers are:
A:It was old and broken.
B:It was full of grass.
C:There were many animals on it.
D:Both A and BYour mom tells you to put on your hat and gloves. But as the cold winter season gets closer, it's so cold that even mom's advice does not work.
That means it's time to put on your qiuku! This is a kind of "thermal underwear " or long underpants that keep people warm in the coldest months of the year.
In Western countries, qiuku is usually known as long johns, but they aren't popular. Long johns in the US are usually two pieces, a long-sleeved  shirt and long pants, worn under other clothing or sometimes even used as pajamas .
Long johns first appeared in England during the 17thcentury. We call them long johns because the US boxer John L. Sullivan wore them while he boxed. But this is not a historical fact.
In the US, it gets quite cold and snowy in many places. And while parents often push kids to wear more clothes and long underwear, _ 
Part of the reason might be because it's not very fashionable  and another reason might be because people don't spend much time outside during the cold months. So they just deal with the freezing  temperatures when they have to leave the warm building. But in their parents' eyes, staying warm is more important than looking nice.
The question is: Which one is TRUE according to the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:Long johns first appeared in the US in the 17
thcentury.
B:Long johns got its name from the boxer John L. Sullivan.
C:We can read about long johns and Sullivan in history books.
D:Long johns in Western countries are as popular as qiuku in China.Li Ming is staying with the Wang family for the weekend.Today it is warm and fine.The family are having dinner in the garden.They often have dinner in the garden on a warm and fine spring day.Now Mr and Mrs Wang are sitting at the table with Li Ming under a tree.
"It's great to have dinner out here on such a lovely day,"Mrs Wang says."What's the weather like in your hometown,Li Ming?"Mr Wang asks."It's not very warm in spring.But I like the spring there best,"Li Ming says."Help yourself to some cakes,Li Ming,"Mrs Wang says."Thanks,"says Li Ming."The cakes are very nice.I enjoy the dinner very much."
The question is: Li Ming is staying with the Wang family  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:for a week
B:for a day
C:for the weekend
D:for a monthYao Beina was not only a popular singer but also an energetic and warm-hearted angel. She  donated her corneas to two men after her death.
Yao was born in a music family in September 1981 in Wuhan. She started to learn music at the age of 4,  and  she sang her first song on the stage when she was 9. Yao did quite well in singing, so she took part in the 13th  Youth Singing Competition and won the first prize.
She became well-known to the pubic after making some songs for the hit TV drama The Legend of Zhenhuan , and the mandarin version of Let It Go from Disney's Frozen . In July  2013, she competed in The Voice of China II and finally got the second place in Na Ying's team. She had won  many music prizes.
Yao Beina was unlucky to be diagnosed with breast cancer . She had a successful operation in 2011. She has fought against the illness for about four years while keeping singing, but sadly she failed. Although she's gone, her fans will remember her beautiful voice and kindness forever.
The question is: Yao was born in a  _  family in September 1981 in Wuhan.
The possible answers are:
A:doctor
B:farmer
C:music
D:teacherMaybe you've heard of many musical bands, but have you heard of Little Big Town, a country musical group? There are four members in this band, Karen Fairchild, Kimberly Schlapman, Jimi Westbrook and Phillip Sweet. They had a hard time when they began their band at first, but they didn't give up. Now it becomes very popular.
"We take care of each other and we take care of the music," Karen Fairchild once said after one of their shows. As a fan of this band, I once had a chance to hang out with the members of Little Big Town. We talked about their hard beginning. At that time, they even didn't have their own stage.
Fairchild also told me how the four of them were together when they were in trouble. Not only did they stand together on stage but also in their daily life. For example, they were right there when Phillip Sweet was caring for his daughter for the first time. They encouraged Kimberly Schlapman when they found her husband _ . At that time Kimberly was very sad to lose her husband. "When we have lived such a hard life together, it bonds   us tightly," Phillip Sweet said. "We find true happiness is the joy of doing what we do for a living. We love the hard beginning. We also love the wonderful future."
The question is: From the passage we know that   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:five members are in the band
B:the band had a good beginning
C:Phillip Sweet has a son
D:the members of the band are true friendsCan you make a telephone call? Of course you can make it in Chinese. But a call in English is quite different from one from one in Chinese. If you want to ask somebody to answer the telephone, you can not say, "Please ask Mr. XX to answer the telephone." Instead ,you must say,"May I speak to Mr. XX?" If you want to ask who is answering the phone, you should say,"Who is that?""Is that Mr. XX ( speaking)?"Instead of "Who are you?" If you want to tell the other one who you are, you should say,"This is XX (speaking)"instead of "I am
XX"
The question is: An English telephone is   _   a Chinese one.
The possible answers are:
A:as good as
B:better than
C:the same as
D:not the same asWen Feng Store Sale
Goods     Colors     Price(each)
Socks      Black, white, green $3
Sweater   Black      $15
Hat  Blue, white     $4
T-shirt     Red, green      $14
Shoes      Black and white     $25
Bag  Blue $5
,.
The question is: In all goods ,   _  is(are)cheap .
The possible answers are:
A:Bag
B:Shoes
C:Hat
D:SocksWeekends are important for us. We can relax ourselves. Do you know what Americans in the early twentieth century (1900~1925) did on weekends? What do you do on weekends now? In the early twentieth century, people spent lots of time at home on weekends. Then, new inventions changed the weekends.
*People used electric streetcars to travel in the cities. On weekends, they rode the streetcars to the parks. Young people like roller coasters.
* The first movie _ only one minute. In the 1920s, movie theaters sold millions of tickets each week! In 1927, movies finally had sound. Sometimes people stayed at home and listened to another new invention --the radio.
* People in cities worked indoors during the weekdays, so they wanted to be outdoors on weekends. Bicycling became a popular activity.
* Now there are more inventions in our life. People have more time and money, too. So they have many ways to spend their weekends.
* People travel by their own cars. Or they can visit big parks like Disney World and ride modern roller coasters and go higher and faster than ever before. *
They can choose from lots of different movie theatres. Or they can watch videos at home.
* More and more people begin to do all kinds of sports at gym.
Others turn on their TV and watch sports on "Family Night".
The question is: Which is a popular activity in the early twentieth century?
The possible answers are:
A:Watching TV
B:Riding the electric streetcars
C:Listening to the radio
D:BicyclingHello! My name is Emma. My favorite day is Friday. Do you know why?  We have four classes in the morning. We have a music lesson on Friday morning. It is my favorite subject. I also like other three lessons in the morning. They are English, Chinese and math. In the afternoon we usually have three classes, but on Friday afternoon we only have two classes P.E. and oral  English. P.E. teacher is my favorite teacher because her lessons are very interesting.
The question is: Emma's favorite day is  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:Sunday
B:Saturday
C:Friday
D:ThursdayPosted: 06/19/2014 12:00 a.m.
Lucy Li, an 11-year-old girl, is the youngest person to qualify for   a US Women's Open golf tournament  .
She was qualified for the US Women's Open in May. When she set a new record by seven strokes .And today she is playing against some of the best female golfers in the world.
Earlier this week Li said that she wasn't nervous about becoming the centre of attention at today's game. "I just want to have fun and play the best I can and I really don't care about the result. I can learn a lot from these great players."
Li doesn't spend all her time golfing. She is home-schooled in an online Stanford University programme. Her favourite subjects are Maths, History, and Science and she loves to read. She also loves medicine, diving, badminton, dancing, and table tennis.
But golf is her favourite sport. "I like golf because it's different from other sports. Anybody can play it." she said.
Some female golfers are worried that Li isn't quite ready for the Open. "When I found out she was qualified, I said, where does she go from here? You qualify for an Open at 11, what do you do next? If she was my kid, I wouldn't let her play in the US Open at all, but that's just me," said world champion Stacy Lewis.
Dottie Pepper, an ESPN analyst , thinks that the most important thing is that Li doesn't think of winning.
"If the success for her is not based on   score, then I don't think she's too young. The important thing for her is to treat the whole experience as a kid on the golf score. Forget expectations." Dottie said.
The question is: Lucy Li thinks golf  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:is easy to learn
B:is fit for anyone
C:takes lots of time
D:is a usual sportDear Frank,
Thanks for your email. My friend Lily and I have a good trip in Beijing. We visit many interesting places and go shopping on Wangfujing Street. When we are in Beijing,we live in our Chinese friend Liu Ming's house. Have a look at our activities  there.
On May 1stArrive in Beijing at 10:00 am.
On May 2ndVisit the Great Wall with Liu Ming.
On May 3rdVisit the Summer Palace
On May 4thVisit the Palace Museum with Liu Ming and his sister.
On May 5thGo shopping on Wangfujing Street and buy presents for our families. Lily buys a toy for her brother Jack and a postcard for her sister Lucy. I buy two cups for my father and a silk shirt for my mother.
On May 6thSay goodbye to Beijing.
Hope you will go with us next time.
Yours,
Nancy
The question is: What is the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:An email.
B:A story
C:A plan
D:An invitation.Shopping for clothes is not the same experience for a man as it is for a woman. A man goes shopping because he needs something. All men simply walk into a shop and ask for what they want  If the shop has it, the salesman quickly finds it, and the business of trying it on continues at once. All being well, the deal can be and often is completed in less than five minutes.
For a man, small problems may begin when the shop does not have what he wants. Then, the salesman tries to sell the customer something else. "I know this jacket is not the style you want, sir, but would you like to try it for size? It happens to be the color you mentioned." Few men have patience with this treatment, and the usual reply is, "This is the right color and maybe the right size, but I should be wasting my time and yours by trying it on."
However, a woman does so in the opposite way. Her shopping is not often based on(... ) need, and she is only "having a look around". She is always open to persuasion, really she believes in what the saleswoman tells her. She will try on any number of things. Most women have an excellent sense of value when they buy clothes. They are always on the lookout for the unexpected sale. Faced with a roomful of dresses, a woman may easily spend an hour going from one room to another, often going back over again, before choosing the dresses she wants to try on. It is always tiring, but obviously  enjoyable. Most dress shops provide chairs for the waiting husbands.
,.
The question is: The shopping deal for a man is completed in Jess than five minutes because  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:he can try it on quickly
B:the shop sells very cheaply
C:the sales man quickly finds it
D:he can buy what he really wantsOne day we invited some friends to dinner. When it was about six o'clock, my wife found that we had little bread. So she asked our five-year-old daughter, Kathy, to buy some.
'Here's a dollar,' my wife said, 'get two loaves of bread, if they have it. If they don't have it, get anything. But hurry!'
Kathy hurried off, and we waited and waited. By a quarter past six, all the friends had arrived. But Kathy had not returned. Finally we saw her dancing around the corner with a bright new hula hoop  whirling  round her middle.
"Kathy!" her mother cried. "Where did you get that hula hoop, and where is the bread?"
"Well, when I got to the shop, they had sold out all their bread," answered Kathy. "And you said 'If they don't have that, get anything!'"
The question is: Why did she do this?
The possible answers are:
A:Because the shop had sold out all their bread.
B:Because her mother asked her to get anything if they hadn't had bread.
C:Because she loved playing with hula hoop.
D:All the aboveIt is Sunday today. Ann is shopping with her mother. She wants her mother to buy a new sweater for her. In a clothing shop, she finds an orange one. She tries it on. It's too small. She wants a bigger one, but the bigger ones are not orange. Ann doesn't like other colours. Her mother asks, "Shall we go to another shop to have a look?" So they go out of the shop and go into another one.
The second shop is bigger than the first, and in it there are many kinds of sweaters of different sizes and colours. Ann tries on an orange one. It's too big. She tries a smaller one. It's OK.
"How much is it?" Ann's mother asks the woman who sells clothes. Then they find it too dear, and they don't have so much money with them. "Would you like a cheaper one?" the woman asks.
"No, we shall take this one. My daughter likes it. We shall come back to buy it tomorrow," Ann's mother answers.
The question is: The sweater in the first shop is   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:too small
B:OK
C:longer
D:too dearChen Guangbiao was born in Jiangsu in July,1968. He is the chairperson of a company in Jiangsu. Now he is one of China's richest men and he has donated a great amount of money to charity projects. He says he will donate everything he has to charity after he dies.
When people are in need of help, he will appear at once. He helped people during the Wenchuan earthquake, the Yunnan earthquake and the Taiwan earthquake. He also gave a helping hand in Japan's earthquake. He has built many Hope Primary Schools to support the education in poor areas.
He doesn't do charity for honour. He wants to encourage more people to make contributions to charity. After announcing he would donate everything to charity after his death, many businesses, overseas Chinese people and common people encouraged by him have also promised to do something for charity.
As a philanthropist  , he is asked for help every day. Sometimes he gets very tired, but he has never stopped caring.
So far, he has received a lot of awards, including Pioneer of the Year, and National May Day Labour Medal. He is considered as one of China's top philanthropists.
The question is: Chen Guangbiao says he will donate  _  to charity after he dies.
The possible answers are:
A:nothing
B:some schools
C:everything he has
D:his whole companyEvery year there is the Spring Festival in China. Usually it is in January or February. It's the most important festival in   China. So before it comes, everyone has to prepare things. They buy beef, pork, chicken, fruit and many other things. And they often make a special kind of food called "dumplings". It means "come together" in Chinese. On the day before the festival, parents buy new clothes for their children and children also buy presents for their parents. On the festival eve, all the family members come back to their home. This is a happy moment. They sing, dance and play cards. When they enjoy the meal, they give each other the best wishes for the coming year.
They all have a good time.
,. (5)
The question is: What's the special kind of food for the Spring Festival in China?  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:Pork
B:Fish
C:Dumplings
D:NoodlesIn a cold winter, a couple had to move out of their big house because of bankruptcy . The husband worked day and night to support the family but with no care of his wife. So she thought, "he doesn't love me anymore, he just thinks about his work".
One day, she wanted to take a shower, but her husband stopped her at the door, "Let me take it first, OK?" "Why not let me first," she asked. "I was tired, you take it later, OK?" She was very sad.
On a rainy day, she found nothing to do and turned on his computer. After a few minutes, her eyes were full of tears...it was his diary:
"Today, I was quite sad, she asked me why I was always taking the shower first, and I said I was tired. She was unhappy. I wasn't as rich as before! We moved to the small house and it was very cold. But I found that if one person took the shower first, the room could get a little warmer. So every time I rushed to the bathroom first. When she took the shower, the room would get warmer, at least 1degC or 2degC.Now I can't give her comfortable life or buy expensive dresses for her,  but at least, I can give her 1degClove."
The question is: From the reading, we know that  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:the man loved his wife very much
B:the woman didn't love her husband
C:the man was poor before
D:the woman had no jobJack was a skilled artist with a wife and two sons. One night, his elder son had a stomachache  . Thinking it was only some common intestinal  disorders, neither Jack nor his wife took it seriously. But the boy died suddenly that night.
Knowing the death could have been avoided if he had only realized the seriousness of the situation, Jack always felt guilty. His wife left him a short time later, leaving him alone with his six-year-old younger son. The hurt and pain of the two situations were more than that Jack could stand, so he turned to alcohol   for help. Later, Jack began to lose everything he had --- his land, house, etc. Finally Jack died alone in a small bar. Hearing of Jack's death, I thought, "What a totally wasted life! What a complete failure!"
As time went by, I knew Jack's younger son who grew into an adult, Ernie. He is one of the kindest and most loving men I have ever known. I saw the love between Ernie and his children, thinking that kindness and caring had to come from somewhere. One day, I asked him what his father had done so that he became such a special person. Ernie said quietly, "As a child until I left home at 18, Jack came into my room every night, gave me a kiss and said, 'love you, son'."
The question is: Which of the following is TRUE?
The possible answers are:
A:The death of his son was not the duty of Jack's wife.
B:Later, his wife left with his younger son.
C:Jack died alone in a small bar.
D:Jack didn't love his younger son.Waiters wanted
King Restaurant needs five waiters. If you want to find a new job, you can come here. Please call John at 678-5342. To get to the restaurant, you just have to cross North Road. It's next to the bank.
Teachers wanted
Do you want to be a teacher? Are you friendly to kids? Can you sing, dance or play the piano? We need a man teacher and a woman teacher to teach music. It's not difficult! Please call Mr. Clark at 415-3440.
My lost pet
My pet Nini is a small brown cat. I played ball games with Nini in Central Park last Saturday. Then she ran after the ball and did not come back. I am worried about her.
If you see her, please call Sara at 283-2585. Thank you!
Specials
We have some great specials. We have different kinds of noodles, dumplings and soup. Would you like a big bowl of noodles for 12 yuan or a small one for just 8 yuan? You can also order our delicious chicken soup. It's only 9 yuan. Welcome to our restaurant!
,.
The question is: When did Sara lose her pet?
The possible answers are:
A:Last Wednesday.
B:Last Thursday.
C:Last Friday.
D:Last Saturday.At my school, we have a lot of interesting activities after class. Among these activities, I like the English Party best. Every September, we have an evening party. It starts at 8:00 pm. The students do different things at the evening party. Some sing English songs with our foreign friends. Some girls dance. Some other people play the piano, the violin and the drums when they are singing or dancing. Also, we play some interesting games together. Everyone is happy and has a good time at the party. Usually, the party lasts three hours, but we feel the time is too short. Happy hours always pass so quickly.
:
The question is: At the party, people feel   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:short
B:boring
C:happy
D:sadAre there Harry Porter books in your schooI library?  Many kids all over the world are reading J. K. Rowling's books in school. But some parents think their children shouldn't be able to find those and other books in schooI libraries.
Should schooI Iibraries keep books that some parents don't _ ? Should they take those books off the shelves?
All over the country, schools are trying to find solutions to this problem. Read these arguments. Then decide for yourself.
Yes! Some Books Sould Be Banned   from School Libraries!
"We need certain limits  ,"said one student. He said some books have no place in school Iibraries.
Books should meet certain standards before they are put in schooIs. Is this a good book for kids to read? Is it fuII of violence  ? Does it include bad words or ideas kids shouId not learn about? If a book is not good for all kids, it should not be in a schooI Iibrary.
Most parents know what's good for kids. They have a right to decide which books should or should not be in schooI Iibraries. If parents don't have time to find out everything their kids read, they should trust schooIs to do that for them.
No! Books Should Not Be Banned from School Libraries!
"Parents should decide what their own kids read, "said Natalie Nicol, a student. "But other parents shouldn't make that choice for them. "
Many experts say that it's the parents' job, not the schooI's job, to check out what their kids are reading. If they don't Iike a book, they should not let their kids read it.
Why should a few parents stop kids from reading stories like the Harry Potter series?  Kids should be able to check out books their parents think are OK to read it.
Many schooIs Iet kids borrow certain books if they have a signed paper from a parent. That works fine. A parent doesn't sign the paper if he or she doesn't want the child to read the book. Other kids can read the books if they have permission.
Some books are not OK for all kids to read. But if more adults were careful about what their own kids read, they wouldn't have to ban books from the library.
The question is: What is the passage mainly about?
The possible answers are:
A:Whether students should read certain books or not.
B:Whether some limits should be set on books or not.
C:Whether some books should be in schooI libraries or not.
D:Whether parents should choose good books for kids or not.Last Saturday night Jenny was walking through a mall in London , texting on her phone. She wasn't watching where she was going , so she fell into a sewer   and got trapped. Luckily she didn't hurt badly. She quickly climbed out and walked away. But her accident was caught on a mall camera. Then someone posted it on YouTube. The video was viewed almost 2 million times and received national attention. Jenny was angry with this, but she learned a deep lesson: Texting while walking is dangerous. This time I just fell into a sewer. Next time I didn't know what would happen. Maybe I would be knocked down by a car or something else. It was horrible.
Jenny may be famous for her mistake. After that, she was laughed at by her friends and workmates. She _ what she had done. But it was too late. However, she wasn't the only one who got into trouble while texting on the phone. In 2008, more than 1000 Englishmen visited hospital for similar reasons. They were walking and texting or talking on the phone. Suddenly a wall appeared! Or a hole or something like that got in the way. There were cuts, bumps, broken bones and even worse result happened on them.
So we must be careful when we are walking. Don't send messages or talk with somebody on the phone while walking. Or you may hurt yourself and become another Jenny in the future.
The question is: The story happened in   _   last Saturday night.
The possible answers are:
A:China
B:America
C:England
D:CanadaThink about the different ways that people use the wind. You can use it to fly a kite or to sail a boat. Wind is one of our cleanest and richest power sources, as well as one of the oldest. Something shows that windmills  began to be used in ancient Iran back in the seventh century BC. They were first introduced to Europe during the 1100s, when armies returned from the Middle East with knowledge of using wind power.
For many centuries, people used windmills to make wheat into flour  or get water from deep underground. When electricity was discovered in the late 1800s, people living in faraway areas began to use them to produce electricity. This allowed them to have electric lights and radio. However, by the 1940s when electricity was available to people in almost all areas of the United States, windmills were hardly used.
During the 1970s, people started becoming more cared about the pollution that is created when coal and gas are burned to produce electricity. People also realized that the supply of coal and gas would run out one day. Then, wind was rediscovered, though it means higher costs. Today, there is a global movement to supply more and more of our electricity through the use of wind
The question is: Why was wind rediscovered during the 1970s?
The possible answers are:
A:Because coal and gas had been used up.
B:Because it was cheaper to produce electricity.
C:Because it's cleaner than other sources.
D:Because it could only be used in faraway areas.Everyone has his own birthday. People in different countries celebrate their birthdays in different ways. Now here are four people from different countries. They will tell us how they celebrate their birthdays in their countries.
Sandy comes from Madrid  . She says happily, "My 21st birthday is on Saturday, and I'm going to go out with some friends. To wish me a happy birthday, they are going to pull on my ear 21 times, once for each year. It's an old custom. Some people pull on the ear just once, but my friends are very traditional."
Mr. and Mrs. Sato are from Tokyo. Mr. Sato is going to be 60 tomorrow. In Japan, the sixtieth birthday is called Kanreki --it's the beginning of a new life. The color red is for a new life, so we always give something red for a sixtieth birthday.
Liu Mei from Beijing feels very excited and tells us, "Tomorrow is my 16th birthday. It's a special birthday, so we're going to have a family party. Maybe I will get some lucky money from my relatives . My mother is going to cook noodles for a long life."
Phillip, from Paris, smiles to us, "I'm going to be thirty next week, so I'm going to invite three very good friends out for dinner. In France, when you have a birthday, you often invite people out."
How do you usually celebrate your birthday?
The question is: Perhaps Mr. Sato will receive   _   on his 60th birthday.
The possible answers are:
A:some red flowers
B:some lucky money
C:a white shirt
D:a pair of black leather shoesWhen I was ten, my mother worked all day so I had to take care of my younger brother. At that time my little brother was about four years old and he missed mum all the time.
One day, after I had given him his dinner, he started crying for mum. He was so young and really needed mum. So I dressed him, put on his shoes, carried him on my back and walked out. Soon he fell asleep. About half an hour late, I found that he had lost a shoe while sleeping. I took him off my back and put him down. I knew we needed to find that shoe, for our mother couldn`t afford new shoes. We had to go back to find it, so I told my brother to Wait right here.  A man heard it and stopped me just before I walked off. He asked me, "You are leaving your brother here to find the shoe? What would you do if he is not here when you return?" I did not know how to answer that question. He continued,: It is OK if you can`t find the shoe, but it is not OK to lose your brother." Then he sent us to mum`s workplace by taxi.
I have depended on the kindness of many strangers in my whole life. I feel regretful that I cannot find them and say thank you. I don't even remember what the man`s face looked like, but he taught me a lesson--people are more important than things.
,,.
The question is: What did the man mean by saying "It`s Ok if you can`t find the shoe, but it is not OK to lose your brother."?
The possible answers are:
A:People are more important than things.
B:Things are more important than people.
C:Both the shoe and your brother are important.
D:The shoe is more important than your brother.If you want to become a better reader, here are four important points to remember about rate or speed of reading:
First, knowing why you are reading and what you are reading to find out will often help you to know whether to read rapidly or slowly.
Second, some things should be read slowly. Examples are directions for making or doing something; arithmetic problems, science and history books. They are full of important information. You must read such things slowly to remember each important step and understand each idea.
Third, some things should be read rapidly. Examples are simple stories for enjoyment, news, letters from friends, items or bits of news from local or hometown paper, telling what is happening to friends and neighbors.
Fourth, in some of your readings, you must change your speed from fast to slow, and slow to fast, as you read. You'll need to read certain pages rapidly and then slow down and do more careful reading when you come to important ideas which should be remembered.
The question is: A tale about fairies  should be read  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:slowly
B:carefully
C:rapidly
D:to change one's speed fast to slowMore and more people like bicycling and it is no surprise. It's fun, healthy and good for the environment. Maybe that's why there are 1.4 billion bicycles and only 400 million cars on roads worldwide today. Bikes can take you almost anywhere, and there is no oil cost!
If you get on a bicycle and ride it, you may discover something new all around you. Stopping and getting off a bike is easier than stopping and getting out of your cars. You can bike to work and benefit   from the enjoyable exercise without polluting the environment. You don't even have to ride all the way.
Folding   bikes work well for people who ride the train. Just fold the bike and take it with you. You can do the same on an airplane. A folding bike can be packed in a suitcase. You can also take a common bike with you when you fly. But be sure to look for information by getting on airline websites. Not all airlines are bicycle-friendly to travelers.
Here are some of Health Benefits of Bicycling:
2 Bicycling helps to prevent heart diseases.
2 Bicycling helps to control your weight.
A 15-minute bike ride to and from work three times a week burns off five kilos of fat in a year.
2 Bicycling can improve your mood.
Exercise like bicycling has been shown to make people feel better, more relaxed and self-confident.
2 Bicycling is healthier than driving.
The question is: One of the Health Benefits from bicycling is that  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:you can fold the bicycle
B:you will be friendly to others
C:you will be more relaxed
D:you may get fatter and fatterJudy had very bad luck yesterday. In the morning, she came to school late, because her alarm clock didn't _ . Usually she goes to school at 7:20 am. But yesterday, it was already 8:00 am when she got up. The teacher was angry  and asked her to stay in the classroom after school. At 5:00 pm, it was time for students to go home. But Judy couldn't. She stayed until  5:30 pm. When she just went out of the classroom, it began to rain. She didn't have an umbrella. On her way home, she fell off  her bicycle. When she got home, she was wet all through.
The question is: Judy was a(n)  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:teacher
B:student
C:doctor
D:actorWe all know that Taiwan is considered as Treasure Island 0f China. The scenery there is very beautiful. Recently we have been connected closely each other.
Several months ago, a group of 19 Taiwanese children flew to Chengdu in order to begin a tour to study pandas. The middle school children were from Chiayi Country in southwest Taiwan and were chosen because of their excellent performance at school.
During the visit, the children saw pandas up close. They were excited to see so many pandas at the same time. The children also traveled to the Mount E'mei scenic area and met local schoolchildren.
At last, they said, "The pandas are very cute, and they are all happy." They also said the children in Chengdu are very friendly to them, and they all like there. They hope to visit Sichuan again.
The question is: Why did the group of 19 Taiwanese children come to Chengdu?
The possible answers are:
A:Because they came to study here
B:Because they had never been there.
C:Because they flew there for a tour to study pandas.
D:Because they were from Chiayi Country in southwest Taiwan.A good way to pass an exam is to work hard every day in the year. You may fail in an exam if you are lazy for most of the year and then work hard only a few days before the exam.
Do not remember only grammar when you are learning English. Try to read stories in English and speak in English as often as you can. A few days before the exam you should go to bed early. Do not study late at night. Before you start the exam, read carefully over the exam paper. Try to understand the exact meaning of each question before you pick up your pen to write. When you have finished your exam, read your answers again. Correct  the mistakes if there are any and make sure you have not missed anything out.
The question is: In the last sentence "miss ...out" means  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:think it hard
B:be important
C:be wrong
D:forget to answerWe Love Gadgets 
If you love the latest gadgets or you want to be the next James Bond, come to Gadgets in the Garden Shopping Mall.
Gadgets is a cool new shop. It sells all the latest gadgets and toys from MP3 players and cameras phones to toy robots. It's a great place to go to check out the latest things.
Jon Lee and his best friend Tom Green own Gadgets. They love gadgets and toys very much. They are already running a successful Internet shop but want to give their customers a chance to play with all the latest gadgets before they buy.
Jon says, "Tom and I are always buying the latest gadgets. We love new ideas and we know that our customers love them too." They both think their new shop will be a big success and we think so too!
Gadgets opens at 9 0'clock on Wednesday August 1st, 2012. John and Tom are planning a fantastic opening. Don't miss it.
The question is: Who will probably   to the new shop and buy things?
The possible answers are:
A:James Bond.
B:Jon Lee.
C:People who love the latest gadgets.
D:Tom Green.This is a photo of Ben's family. He has a big family. Look! Ben's grandparents are on the sofa. They are workers. They are old, so they don't work now. Ben's father is a doctor. He works in a hospital. He often drives his car to work. Ben's mother is a teacher. She teaches English in our school. The man in white is Ben's uncle. The young woman in red is Ben's aunt. They are office workers. Ben's family live in Beijing now. Ben and I are classmates. We are good friends.
,.
The question is: Where do Ben's family live now?
The possible answers are:
A:In Canada.
B:In China.
C:In England.
D:In America.Mr. Smith works in a factory. There he drives a truck. He's tired all the time. When he comes back, he's always busy and doesn't want to do any housework. His wife is a doctor and likes to keep all the things clean. So she has to do all at home. She usually goes to work from Monday to Friday and has to do all on weekends. All her friends know about it and sometimes they come to help her.
It's Saturday today. Mrs Smith tells her husband to help her do some housework, but he says he has something to do and goes out early in the morning. He leaves a lot of dirty clothes at home. Mrs Smith doesn't go to work but she doesn't feel well. So she doesn't want to do any housework. After breakfast, Jo, one of her friends, comes to see her when she's sitting on a chair.
The girl finds the rooms are dirty and she asks, "Don't you clean your rooms today, Mrs Smith?" "No, I don't."says the doctor. "Why don't you wear your glasses?" "Then I will think the rooms are still clean."
The question is: Who usually does the housework at home, Mr Smith or Mrs Smith?
The possible answers are:
A:Mr Smith.
B:Mrs Smith.
C:Both of them.
D:Neither of them.Some people like to collect stamps. Others prefer posters or coins. But Pinky Bhutia is different. She collects children. In her mountain village, in Sikkim, she is known as the wonderful young woman who adopts  all the children she can.
Pinky was 14 when she adopted her first child, a Nepali baby girl, whose patents passed away. Pinky's parents did not mind. Pinky left school and started working full time because she had a baby to feed. Today , she has twelve adopted children, and two sons from her marriage.
Pinky is about 30 years old and she comes from a common family. If you passed her on the street, you wouldn't give her a second look. She lives in a brown mud-washed  house. There is a vegetable garden outside. Red hens with noisy chicks run all over the garden looking for food.
If you ask her why she provides a home to so many kids, she smiles shyly. But her eyes are serious. "I know what it is to  be poor and hungry." As a child, her only dream was to eat a full meal, and her favorite amusement was watching people with shoes and imagining what it felt like. By adopting poor and homeless children she is making sure that they never feel that hopeless.
Pinky feels very proud when she sees her children happy and bright, Her oldest baby, Aarita  Rai, is now 20 years old, Then, there is  19-year-old Nimbe who came to Pinky because her mother was unable to look after her. She started to work in a government office two years ago. Ten-year-old Bhim and 14-year-old Kumar came to Pinky five years ago, after their father's death. They started living on a patch of land given by Pinky and grew vegetables for sale.
"I like children. It's not one more mouth to feed but one more soul saved," Pinky says.
The question is: We can infer from the passage that Pinky is a   _   person.
The possible answers are:
A:kind
B:strict
C:bright
D:careful3D printers are certainly the superstar today---they are being put to all kinds of uses, including creating model cars for movies. However, none of these ideas are as crazy as the one suggested by Anjan Contractor, who believes that they will be the key to ending world hunger .
If you think that sounds a little crazy, you are not the only one, but after hearing scientists, the idea seems to become true.
According to scientists, food will become _ expensive and possibly, even out of reach, for billions of people in the future. It means billions of people won't have enough food.
This is where 3D printers may save the day. Anjan, an engineer says that the only way to support the large population will be to provide every kitchen with a 3D printer and print out meals.
More importantly, it would be to make the basic food from things that we now do not think can be eaten. Anjan thinks that we could easily get the meat protein  from insects . Similarly, the vegetable nutrition could be made from greens like grass. Would you want to try 3D printed food?
The question is: The craziest idea is that  _  according to the passage.
The possible answers are:
A:3D printers are used to create model cars.
B:3D printer are used for architectural models.
C:3D printers will be the key to ending world hunger.
D:3D printers are the superstars today .Mr. Green is quiet and doesn't like talking with people .He likes reading newspapers and using the Internet.He hardly ever exercises. Sometimes he watches soccer or basketball games on TV. He likes coffee very much and drinks it three times a day .
Mr. Green is a bank clerk . It's a busy but boring job. He works with people and money every day .So he always feels tired after work. He likes to get enough rest and goes to bed early after dinner.Usually he goes to bed at 8:30 in the evening and get up at 6:30 in the morning. Mr. Green is very happy with that .But Mrs. Green isn't ,because Mr. Green always talks in his sleep.
One morning , Mr. Green sat at table and had breakfast. Mrs. Green asked him, "Why do you always talk in your sleep?" Mr. Green said, "Because I have few chances to talk in the day time."
The next morning after their children all went to school, Mrs. Green asked Mr. Green angrily , Why did you scold me in your sleep last night ? "Because I don't have the courage  to do it when I'm awake  ."
The question is: Mr. Green works in a   _   .
The possible answers are:
A:shop
B:TV station
C:bank
D:post officeMobile phones help us easily find people anywhere at any time. A mobile phone can include many things, such as games, music and Internet surfing. Today, 4,600,000,000 people around the world have mobile phones, according to CBS News.
However, using mobile phones too often may cause cancer . It's reported that people who used a mobile phone for 10 years or more were more likely to get cancer. The advice below may help you reduce the risk of cancer:
An earphone gives out much less radiation  than phones. However, you should take it off your ear when you're not talking to anyone.
Your phone gives out radiation when you talk or text , but not when you're listening or getting messages. Listening more and talking less can lower the risk of cancer.
Hold the phone away from your body when you're talking, not against your ear. Also, don't keep it in your pocket.
Phones gives out less radiation to send texts than to carry a person's voice. Texting also keeps radiation away from your head.
Do not use your mobile phone when the signal  is weak. Fewer signal bars on your phone mean that the phone needs to give out more radiation to work. Make and take calls when your phone has a strong signal.
The question is: The passage mainly talks about   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:the development and advantages of mobile phones
B:the reason why mobile phone radiation causes cancer
C:how to protect ourselves from mobile phone radiation
D:the best ways to use mobile phones to communicateA girl complained to her father about her hard life. She didn't know what she had to do and wanted to give up. She felt tired of fighting and fighting. One problem had been finished but another came over.
Her father, a cook, took her into the kitchen. He poured water into three pans and boiled  them. After boiling, in the first pan was put some carrots, the second was put some eggs and the last was put with coffee.
The girl waited impatiently, confused  by what her father did. About 20 minutes later, her father took out the carrots and put them in a bowl. He took the eggs and put them in a bowl. After that the coffee was poured into a cup. "My sweet heart, what do you see?" he asked.
"Carrots, eggs and coffee." she replied.
Her father told her to close her eyes and asked her to touch the carrots. She did so and felt that the carrots were soft. After that he asked her to take the eggs and break them. After peeling  them, she got the eggs, cooked and hard. The last, the father let her smell the coffee. She asked, "What did you do this for, father?" He explained that each had the same unlucky experience -- the boiling water, but each had a different result. The strong and hard carrots had become soft and weak. The _ eggs became hard after being cooked. The coffee was very special, it could change water. "Who are you?" asked her father. "When bad luck knocks at your door, what is your decision? Are you carrots, eggs or coffee?"
The question is: What can we learn from the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:The girl's father liked to eat some kinds of food.
B:Bad luck always knocks at strong people's doors.
C:Boiled carrots, eggs and coffee had the same result.
D:People should make right decisions when in trouble.January 16, 2014 - We know the saying "The early bird gets the worm", but today you're going to  learn about the interesting saying "The early fish gets the bird."
An African tigerfish  was seen jumping out of the air and catching a flying bird. The African tigerfish has bright red fins and very sharp teeth. There have been rumors  this kind of fish preys on  birds since the 1940s, but no one was able to catch _ .
"The whole action of jumping and catching happens so quickly that after we saw it, it took all of us a moment to really understand what we had just seen," said Nico Smit from Environmental Sciences and Management at North-West University.
Smit and his research team saw it at a lake in the Mapungubwe National Park in South Africa during summer. They found about 20 fish feeding on birds in the morning. Those birds may be out early to look for food, but we will never know for sure!
The question is: Which is the best title for the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:The early fish gets the bird.
B:Nico Smit and an African tigerfish.
C:Nico Smit and his research team.
D:The Mapungubwe National ParkMary picked up a pencil and a piece of paper,saying,"Now,you want to earn money for the autumn camping trip,right?" Tom,her brother,nodded.He wasn't able to go last year because he hadn't earned enough money during the summer.This year he came up with a plan.
He made a necklace for his mother that everyone admired.They were surprised to learn that Tom had made it for her.Why not make more necklaces and sell them?
"OK," said Mary,"The first thing you need to do is to figure out how much you have now.''
"I have $20.00 in the bank,and $7.25 in my room," explained Tom.
"That gives you a total of $27.25," said Mary,"That is called your capital.The next thing you need to know is how much it will cost you to make each necklace."
"Well,the pet shop will give me all the feathers the birds lose.I'll have to buy the beads and string," said Tom.
Mary wrote on the piece of paper:
CAPITAL      $27.25
EXPENSES     Feathers                       no cost
String for 10 necklaces        $  2.50
Beads for 10 necklaces _ 
Total                        $ 17.50
"How much do you think you can sell such a necklace for?" asked Mary.
"Hmm," Tom looked thoughtful and said,"There's a shop in town that sells almost the same kind of necklace for $ 7.50.If I charge $ 6.00,people will think that's a _ ."
"OK.If you sell each necklace for $ 6.00,you'll make a good profit on each then," said Mary.
"Hurray!" Tom cried,"If I sell 20 necklaces,I'll have enough from the profit for the camping trip and $10.00 left over."
The question is: How much would Tom have to spend on the camping trip?
The possible answers are:
A:$ 47.45.
B:$ 75.
C:$ 85.
D:$102.25.Dear Anna,
It is nice to see the photo of your room. Here is a photo of my room. These are my bed and my desk. My clock and some books are on the desk. Sometimes the books are on the bed. I like _ books on the bed. Oh, that is my hat on the bed. It is yellow. My quilt is yellow, too. My schoolbag is on the sofa. It is green. I take  it to school every day.
Yours,
Mona
.
The question is: It is a photo of  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:a room
B:a library
C:a computer
D:a schoolPenguins live together, but each pair has a little piece of ground of their own. When a penguin wants to walk through its neighbor's ground, it must ask for permission . If it does not, it will have to fight. Penguins come and go all day. They fight for fish and look after their children.
All penguins are good parents--the male penguins are perhaps the best parents in the world. They choose their wives in the dark They can only hear them--not see them. Then the female penguins lay their eggs and go away for about two months. The males look after the eggs. If the eggs get cold, there will be no chicks. There is no food. The snow falls and the wind blows--sometimes at 150 kilometers an hour. The penguins do not move.
When the females return from the sea, they will not remember their husbands. It doesn't matter. Only one thing-- their eggs. Male penguins never fight--unless a penguin leaves a chick for a minute. Then they fight because they all want it. They are strange and wonderful birds.
The question is: From the passage we know that penguins usually lead   _   life.
The possible answers are:
A:an active
B:a quiet
C:a hard
D:an easyMr Li: Sam, did you enjoy your first Spring Festival in China?
Sam: Yes, I did. During this festival, many family members get together.
Mr Li: Yes. I hear that at Thanksgiving Americans also get together for a special meal. It sounds similar.
Sam: Yes. It's similar. During these holidays, both the Chinese and Americans come home and have a big dinner. It's great fun.
Mr Li: What do you think are the main differences between the Spring Festival and Thanksgiving?
Sam: Well, we take part in different activities and eat different kinds of food. In China, people usually set off fireworks and eat dumplings. In the US, we usually watch a Thanksgiving parade and an American football game on TV. We also eat turkey.
Mr Li: That's interesting.
The question is: The difference about food between the Spring Festival and Thanksgiving is that   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:the Chinese eat turkey while Americans eat dumplings
B:Americans eat turkey while the Chinese eat dumplings
C:the Chinese have a special meal while Americans don't
D:Americans have a special meal while the Chinese don'tWe usually believe what our brain tells us, but there are some amazing facts which show that the brain tricks us. As a result, we think we can see something that is not actually there or we ignore things that actually are there.
Scientists Daniel Simons and Christopher Chabris have researched this phenomenon , which they call "change blindness". Their experiments show how we sometimes just do not see what is in front of our eyes because _ .
Here is one of their most famous experiments. In this experiment, the participants were shown a video of two groups of people (one group in white T-shirts and one group in black T-shirts) who passed basketballs around in a hallway. Each group had three members. Simons and Chabris asked the participants to count how many times the white team passed the ball. While the two teams were passing their balls around, a person dressed up as a big bear walked through the group and stopped to look at the camera. Simons and Chabris found that about half of the research participants did not notice the big bear.
The question is: How many people did the experiment need in the video?
The possible answers are:
A:Three.
B:Four.
C:Six.
D:Seven.You may know about " junk food" like French fries. But do you know about "junk sleep"?
Recently, a British survey found that electronic  products in teenagers bedrooms are affecting their sleep.
The survey was done among 1,000 British kids from 12 to 16. It found that thirty percent of them got just 4 to 7 hours sleep every day. But doctors say they need 8 to 9 hours.
Almost a quarter of the kids said they fell asleep more than once a week while watching TV, listening to music or using other electronic products.
"This is very worrying." Said Dr Chris Idzikowski, a British expert, "We call it 'junk sleep', It means you don't get enough sleep and the quality of the sleep is bad, too. If you don't get good rest, you don't perform well in school the next day."
The survey found that 40 percent of the kids felt tired each day, with girls between 13 and 16 feeling the worst. Nearly all the teenagers have a phone, Mp4 or TV IN THEIR BEDROOM. And many of them have all three.
The question is: Which of the following is TRUE according to the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:Teenagers need 4 to 7 hours of sleep each day.
B:Few of the teenagers have a phone in their bedrooms.
C:Teenagers spend too much time on electronic products.
D:Girls between 15 and 16 spend the least time on electronic products.Dear Jenny,
Please take these things to your brother: his math book, baseball, notebook, CDs, and video tape. The math book is on the dresser. The baseball is under the bed. The notebook is on the bed. The CDs are in the drawer. The video tape is on the table. Thanks!
Mom
The question is: What's under the bed?
The possible answers are:
A:The math book.
B:The baseball.
C:The notebook.
D:The CDs.Would you be surprised to learn that your eyes are like an eagle's eyes in some ways? You and an eagle can see colors. And an eagle's eyes and yours are about the same size. But therre are a lot more of a special type of cell in an eagle's eyes than in your eyes. These cells send information to the eagle's brain. Getting a lot of information helps an eagle see much better than you. In fact, eagle can spot a fish in the sea from a mile away.
You and an eagle have eyes that make tears. Your eyes make watery tears that clean your eyes. An eagle's eyes for watery tears and oily tears. Eagles dive into the sea to catch fish. The oily tears guard their eyes from the saltwater.
Like you, eagles have eyelids. You have two eyelids, and you close your eyes by lowering the top lid. When eagles close their eyes, their bottom lids raise up. Eagles have a third eyelid that moves across the eye every few seconds. It wipes dust away from the eye. An eagle can see through this third eyelid. The eyelid guards the bird's eyes when it _ at 100 miles an hour after its prey .
The question is: Unlike your eyes, an eagle's eyes   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:have cells
B:can see colors
C:have an extra eyelid
D:form tearsHello.I am Chinese.My name is Wang Fei.I am thirteen.I am in No.5 Middle School in Nanjing.This is my friend.His name is Tony Green.He is an English boy.He is twelve.He and I are in the same class.Our classroom is next to the teachers' office.We have Chinese and English lessons every day.Our English teacher is Mr. Read.He is English but he can speak Chinese,too.Our Chinese teacher is Mr. Ding.They are good teachers,and they are our friends.too.
The question is: Mr. Read is   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:Wang Fei's English teacher
B:Tony's Chinese teacher
C:a teacher of English school in Nanjing
D:in Wang Fei's classA woman was collecting money for a church charity. The money she collected was going to be given to poor children who had no parents to take care of them. She went from apartment to apartment and from house to house. She knocked on doors and asked for money. She always said the same thing. "Good morning, I'm collecting for a church charity. Please give generously. We need $5,000." Then she held out a collecting box. Most people put a few coins in the box. An artist lived in one of the apartments. He opened the door. "Good morning." she said. "I'm collecting for a church charity. Please give generously. We need $5,000." The artist thought for a moment, then he said, "I'm sorry, but I don't have any money. However, I'll give you a painting. It's worth $ 400." The woman thanked the artist and took the painting away. A week later she called on him again. "I'm sorry to trouble you again," she said, "but we still need more money. I need another $ 100. Can you help?" "Of course," the artist said. "I'll increase the value of my painting to $ 500."
The question is: Did the woman collect enough money at last?
The possible answers are:
A:No, she didn't.
B:Yes, she did.
C:We don't know.
D:Yes, she does.Several years ago Robert knew a girl at a party. He loved her at once. But he hadn't enough money to marry her. He went to another village and wanted to borrow five thousand dollars from Peter, one of his classmates. He said he was going to return the money in two years.
Peter Black believed him and lent the money to him. And Robert thanked the young man very much.
In the past four years Robert married the girl and she had a baby. They lived a happy life, but he didn't give the money back to Peter.
One day Peter's mother was ill and needed an operation. He looked for Robert for a few times, but he never met him. One day Peter heard that the young man was in. He hurried there. He knocked at the door for a long time and Robert's wife came out to meet him.
"I'm sorry, Mr. Black." said the woman. "My husband has just gone out."
Peter thought for a while and said, "Yes, I met him on my way here. He told me that he had left all his money at home and let you return it to me."
"Don't believe him, dear!" Robert came out in a hurry  and called out. "I've never told him about it!"
The question is: Robert came out in a hurry because   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:he was afraid Peter would beat his wife
B:he was afraid Peter would take his wife to the police
C:he decided to give the money back to Peter
D:he was afraid his wife would give the money to PeterComputers are very popular with students now. It's very easy for them to surf the Internet .Most of them go to the Internet bar and spend more than two hours there. They can do their homework,get some information for their study,download music,and send emails on the computer. But some of them spend too much time playing computer games,and it is bad for their study.
The question is: How many hours do most of the students spend on the computers?
The possible answers are:
A:Two hours.
B:More than two hours.
C:One hour.
D:Less than two hours.The City Mouse and the Country Mouse
Once there were two mice. They were friends. One mouse lived in the country; the other mouse lived in the city. After many years the Country mouse saw the City mouse; he said, "Do come and see me at my house in the country." So the City mouse went. The City mouse said, "This food is not good, and your house is not good. Why do you live in a hole in the field? You should come and live in the city. You would live in a nice house made of stone. You would have nice food to eat. You must come and see me at my house in the city."
The Country mouse went to the house of the City mouse. It was a very good house. Nice food was set ready for them to eat. But just as they began to eat they heard a great noise. The City mouse cried, "Run! Run! The cat is coming!" They ran away quickly and hid.
After some time they came out. When they came out, the Country mouse said, "I do not like living in the city. I like living in my hole in the field. For it is nicer to be poor and happy, than to be rich and afraid."
The question is: Which of the following is True?
The possible answers are:
A:The two mice lived together.
B:The two mice had a great meal.
C:The Country mouse had a poor life while the City mouse had a happy life.
D:The Country mouse had a poorer but happier life than the City mouse."Where there is a will, there is a way." Perhaps not many students can understand this better than 22-year-old Michael Ha. Because of his story of success, he has become an example of young people.
Michael Ha was born in a very poor family. His parents worked in Vietnam before they moved to Britain in 1980. They couldn't find work in Britain because they spoke little English. The whole family had to live on benefits  and they lived in a small house in Hackney, a poor area in East London. Growing up is not easy for Michael, but he never gave up.
At the age of ten, he set his heart on going to Cambridge University. It was not easy, either. Michael studied at a school, which used to be called "the worst school in Britain". However, young Michael made his mind to try his best, no matter what kind of school he was studying at. The smart boy studied very hard and did well in every subject at school. Once he made a bet with his friend to learn further math. As a result, after just spending four months teaching himself from a textbook, he got an A in AS-level further math.
Now Michael is the star medical student in John's College, Cambridge and has just won an award for his excellent grades. He hopes he will be an inspiration for other young people from disadvantaged backgrounds.
The question is: what is the best title of the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:How to deal with the difficulties.
B:How to become a good student.
C:From a poor area to Cambridge
D:From "worst school " to Cambridge University.Once upon a time, there was a beautiful girl called Cinderella.Her mother died and Cinderella's father had a new wife, who only loved her two ugly daughters.A handsome prince wanted to find a wife and invited all the girls to a dance.The ugly sisters had beautiful clothes but Cinderella stayed at home in the kitchen.A fairy helped Cinderella and used magic to give her pretty clothes and a carriage  to go to the dance, but told her to leave at midnight because the magic would end by then.The prince liked Cinderella a lot and danced with her.Then the clock started ringing 12 p.m.and Cinderella ran out of the hall, leaving one glass shoe behind.
The prince wanted the lovely girl to be his wife.He walked around town with the shoe trying to find her.The ugly sisters wanted to marry the prince and tried to put the shoe on, but their feet were like elephants'.Then the prince asked Cinderella to try.The mother and ugly sisters laughed, but they stopped when the shoe went on Cinderella's foot.The prince made Cinderella his wife, and they lived happily ever after.
The question is: The ugly sisters had   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:animal feet
B:smelly feet
C:big feet
D:small feetAmerican football
In almost every big university  in the USA, football is a favourite sport. American football is not like soccer. Players sometimes kick the ball, but they also throw the ball and run with it. They try to take it to the other end of the field. They have four chances to move the ball ten yards. They can carry it or throw it If they move it to the end of the field, they win six points. This is called a touchdown.
It is difficult to move the ball. Eleven men on the team try to stop the man with the ball. If the man does not move the ball ten yards, his team kicks the ball to the other team.Each university wants its team win. Thousands of people come to watch. They all yell (,)for their favourite team. Young men and women from the cheer
Team dance and jump while they yell.Each team plays ten or eleven games each season. The season begins in September and ends in November. If a team is very good, it may play another game after the season ends. The best team plays again on January 1st,the first day of the New Year. Many people go to see these games and many others watch them on television.
The question is: To win six points the players in a team must   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:kick the ball ten yards
B:kick the ball to the other team
C:move the ball to the end of the field
D:throw the ball to the skyI was twenty years old, and my parents were looking forward to the day when I would be earning my own living. Unfortunately, I had absolutely no idea what I wanted my future occupation to be. The only thing I did know was that I did not want to spend the next 45 years teaching, being a nurse or sitting in an office. But that was before the postman delivered a catalogue   of courses that were being offered at the local college. As I looked through it, I was attracted by a page that talked about the difficulties faced by deaf people in their everyday lives and how students could help by learning sign language. It went on to say that graduates of the course usually find work in different organizations, such as law companies, the Stock Exchange, insurance companies and banks. Then I saw something that really caught my eye: "Singer" are also needed for sporting events, concerts, theatrical performances and, believe it or not, circuses! By the time I got to the bottom of the page, I knew I had found the perfect occupation.
I enrolled   on the course, which to my parents' great delight was free of charge. The course was brilliant. My favourite part was the final lesson, when our teacher asked us to sign our favourite song. It was really difficult because not only did we have to sign the words, but we also had to find a way of showing whether the song was happy or sad and whether the beat was slow or fast. It was the hardest thing I have ever done--but also the most rewarding.
The question is: Which of the following best describes the writer?
The possible answers are:
A:A young woman who has found her ideal career.
B:A young deaf woman who wants to help the deaf.
C:A young woman who wants to be a businesswoman.
D:A young woman who wants to write songs for the deaf.Almost every child in cities has the chance to go to school, but not all children in the countries are so lucky.
There is a girl called Xiao Fang. She is eight years old and lives in a small village in Guangxi. When she was young, she wanted to go to school. But she could not, because her family was too poor to afford the school fees for her, so her parents had to keep her at home. Instead of studying, Xiao Fang worked in the fields with her parents every day. Then Hope Project heard about Xiao Fang. It agreed to help Xiao Fang to go to school. Her wish of study came true, and now she is studying in a school.
Unluckily there are many thousands of children who can not go to school. You can join in Hope Project and help these children. You know all the good work needs money. Hope Project needs your help.
If you give Hope Project Y=300 each year, it can pay for one child to go to school for a whole year. With more money, Hope Project can build new schools, buy good desks, chairs, blackboards and books. let's help the children together and give them a chance to have a good start in life.
The question is: _   can go to school.
The possible answers are:
A:Almost every child in the world
B:Almost every child in China
C:Almost every child in big cities
D:Almost every child in small villagesAre you working hard? Do you like to    Do you like to talk with people? Do you like to
meet people? If your answer is "Yes", then we  write stories? If you want to work for our
have a job for you as a waiter.            magazine as a reporter,  please call Karen at
Call AL Hotel at 556779                 558366
(3)HELP WANTED                  (4)CLEANER WANTED
Do you like babies? Can you look after one    Can you make a large house clean and
baby for two days? If you are sure to take good  tidy? If you hope to get the job paid at $20
care of it, call us at 766588.              once a week, call us this evening.
$ 80 0rmore                             8: 00-20: 20
Today Hurry                           Tell: 833800
The question is: The above job ads are probably from  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:a newspaper
B:a story
C:a science book
D:a guide bookMo Yan,the winner of 2012 Nobble Prize for Literature ,is very popular around the world. He is famous as one of the greatest writers in china.
Mo Yan is fifty-nine years old in 2015,and his real name is Guan Moyue.The name of Mo Yan means"Don't speak".The writer said close the name to remember to close his mouth from getting himself in trouble. Mo Yan began to write in 1970s, and his first novel was"Falling rain on a Spring Night ",published  in 1981.Then his second and more books were published.including "Red Sorghum"and "Big Breast and Wide Hips."
CCTV reporter Dong Qian once said to him,"I always feel that a writer is like a hen,and his works are like eggs. We may not always wonder what the hen looks like while we eat eggs. But this time, it's a golden egg. So naturally, everybody wants to know this hen who laid a golden egg. That's why so many people pay much attention to you ."
China was celebrating the success of this native son soon after he got the Prize, millions of Chinese expressed pleasure and pride for Mo Yan in their own ways.
The question is: In Dong Qian's opinion,Mo Yan is like  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:a hen that had lots of chickens.
B:a hen that laid lots of normal eggs.
C:a hen that had no eggs.
D:a hen that laid a golden egg.Martin Lynch, an American businessman, had been going on vacation to a small Mexican fishing village for a number of ears. One morning while going for a walk along the beach, he saw his friend Pablo Perez, a local fisherman. Martin watched Pablo _ his boat and pack the fish in a box.
Martin noticed Pablo was smiling and looked very happy. He could also see several large fish in the boat. Martin greeted Pablo and asked how long it took to catch the fish. "Just a few hours," replied Pablo. Martin asked, "Why didn't you stay longer and catch more fish?" "I have enough for my family," Pablo said. "And what do you do with the rest of your day?" asked Martin. "I take a nap, play with my children, spend time with my wife, and go into the village to see my friends and play cards, I have a full and busy life." Martin explained that if Pablo worked longer hours and caught more fish, he could make more money. With the extra money, Pablo could buy more boats and catch money more fish. By selling the fish, Pablo could open his own factory and sell direct to supermarkets.
"Then what?" asked Pablo. "Well you would probably have to move to Mexico City to run the business. Finally, you would be able to sell your business and make millions of dollars," replied Martin. "How long will that take?" asked Pablo.
Martin thought for a while and said it would probably take at least 15 years.
"And then what" asked Pablo.
"Well, that's the best part," Martin said. "You will be able to retire, buy a house near the ocean, sleep longer, play with your children, spend more time with your wife, see your friends, and play cards."
The question is: How can the fisherman make more money in the businessman's view?
The possible answers are:
A:By buying a supermarket.
B:To move to Mexico City.
C:By selling his own business.
D:To work longer and catch more fish.A farmer had a cow. He took very good care of this cow and one day when it was ill, he was very worried. He telephoned the vet. 
"What's the problem?" The vet asked him when he arrived.
"My cow's ill" the farmer said. "I don't know what the matter with her is. She's lying down and won't eat. She's making a strange noise."
The vet looked over the cow. "She's certainly ill," he said, "and she needs to take some very strong medicine."
He took a bottle  out of his box, put two pills  into his hand and said, "Give her these. The pills should make her better" How should I give them to her?" the farmer asked.
The vet gave him a tube  and said, "Put this tube in her mouth, then put the pills in the tube and blow. That will make it."
The next day The farmer sat outside his house and looked more worried.
"How's your cow?" the vet asked." No change," the farmer said, "and I am feeling very strange myself. I did what you said, I put the tube  in the cow's mouth and then put two pills down it." And?" the vet asked." The cow blew first, and blew the pills to my mouth." the farmer said.
,.
The question is: In the story, the vet must be   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:the farmer's friend
B:a milk factory
C:a hospital for cows
D:a doctor for animalsToday is Sunday, so Peter doesn't go out. He asks his parents about the traditional Chinese clothes. Mother tells him that Qipao is the traditional dress of China. Qipao is usually made of silk. Sometimes Qipao is made of cotton. Many women in the West like it very much too. Father say all the VIPs in important meetings like wearing Tang suit . People look smart in the traditional Chinese clothes. Many young people find it cool to wear the clothes in their own styles. Peter's cousin says the modern clothes are better. Finally, they think the fashion should be comfortable first.
The question is: Where does Peter talk with his parents?
The possible answers are:
A:At home.
B:At school.
C:At a fashion show.
D:At a clothes shop.A week ago, Columbus Middle School asked the parents of their school to choose a sport for their child to play. Here's some information about the sports.
Sports 1: Basketball
We expect that this will be the most popular of the four sports. So students should sign up   as soon as possible. Students will take a private bus to and from Kwun Tong Sports Park. Each student will have to pay $ 10 each time for the cost of the bus. There will be four basketball courts available for our use with one teacher watching over each game.
Sports 2: Gym
We will use St. Peter's Park. There are two reasons for choosing this park. First, it is not very busy and crowded before 6:00 p.m. Second, it has lots of trees with plenty of shade. Students must bring along two bottles of water to prevent from being thirsty. All the activities here are free. And there will be a teacher on duty for each activity.
Sports 3: Hiking
Hiking  will be at Kowloon Peak. The activity will start at 2:30 p.m. and finish 90 minutes later. There will be 15 students in each group. And three teachers will be with the students. This sport will cost $ 75 per hour. Students should take plenty of water and sunglasses.
Sports 4: Swimming
The Kowloon City Swimming Centre is a 10-minute walk from our school. Four teachers will go to the pool and watch the students from the poolside. We will only be able to use the pool for one hour (2: 45 p.m. to 3:45 p.m.). Only students skillful at swimming can take up this activity. The pool will have two lifeguards on watch. Girls must wear swimming suits. The cost is $ 15 per visit.
The question is: According to this passage,   _   will probably have the most students.
The possible answers are:
A:gym
B:hiking
C:swimming
D:basketballMary Buendia once spent a day in an airplane, looking for a cat. She didn't find it that day. The plane flew around all over the world for three weeks with the cat on board. She finally found it in the cargo hold and sent it home first-class. Another time ,she found two suitcases full of birds from Turkey. But her strangest experience was when she pulled a snake out of a man's pants.
Mary Buendia is an animal health inspector at JFK Airport in New York. She takes care of all the animals that pass through the airport and checks that they are healthy. In the Animal Health Center, there are areas for dogs, cats, reptiles, birds, and fish. There is also an area for very big animals. The biggest they ever had was a black rhino. "It was no problem." she says.
At the center, they receive all types of animals  monkeys, wild cats, poisonous spiders. It's impossible for one person to know about all of these, but there are 20 people working with Mary. Among them, they understand how to take care of the animals. She recently had to feed a group of toucans, which are rare birds. "luckily," she says, "there is a supermarket nearby which is open 24 hours. I had to go at 2 a.m to buy bananas.
Mary often works at night. "It's quiet between 1 a.m. and 4 a.m." she says, "because we don't have night flights. We try to give the animals a quiet night." Mary clearly loves her job. "You never know what the day will bring,"she says, and goes off to feed the birds.
The question is: The best title of the passage will probably be   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:JKF Airport in New York
B:Airport Health Inspector
C:Mary Buendia
D:Animal Health CenterWe can see walls everywhere in the world. But the Great Wall of China is the biggest of all. The Chinese call it. "The Ten-thousand-Li. Great Wall." It's in fact   more than 6,000 kilometers long. It's 4-5 meters wide. In most places, five houses or ten men can walk side by side. When you visit the Great Wall, you can't help wondering   how the Chinese people were able to build   such a great wall thousands of years ago. Without any modern machine  , it was really very difficult to build it. They had to do all the work by hand. It took millions of men hundreds of years to build it.
The Great Wall has a history of over two thousand years. The kings began to build the first parts of it around two thousand seven hundred years ago. Then, Qin Shihuang had all the walls joined up  . He thought that could keep the enemy   out of the country.
Today the Great Wall has become a place of interest. Not only Chinese people but also people from all over the world come to visit it.
The question is: How long is the Great Wall ?
The possible answers are:
A:It's less than six hundred kilometers.
B:It's more than six million kilometers.
C:It's six thousand kilometers.
D:It's over six thousand kilometers.If you are sitting at a table with people you don't know, it is impolite to smoke without first asking if it will disturb them. At American restaurants and coffee shops, cold water is usually served before you order. You may find the bread and the butter are free, and if you order coffee, you may get a free refill.
Most cities and towns have no rules about opening and closing time for stores and restaurants, though they usually do make rules for bars. Especially in big cities, stores may be open 24 hours a day. Serving in restaurants are often large. If you can't finish the meal but would like to enjoy the food later, ask the waiter or the waitress for a "doggie bag" . It may have a picture of a dog on it, but everybody knows you are taking the food for yourself. Tips are not usually added to check. You should leave a tip of about 15% on the table when you leave. In some restaurants, a waiter or waitress often brings your check on a plate, and you can put your money there. Then the waiter or the waitress brings you your changes.
The question is: How can you give tips in America?
The possible answers are:
A:They are usually added to the check.
B:They are added to the price of the meal.
C:A tip is usually 1/5 of the price of the meal.
D:You can leave them on the table when you leave.Nearly eight hundred million people in this world cannot read or write,most of them in developing countries.Two-thirds are women and girls.
John Wood who started the Room to Read campaign  ,has opened1650 schools and 15000 libraries in some of the world's poorest communities .He said that from the beginning,Room to Read's goal was to reach 10 million children around the world in the poorest countries.
In 1998,on a three-week vacation journey in Nepal,Wood met a local headmaster who invited him to visit his school in a far mountain village.The experience changed Wood's life.
"This headmaster had 450 students at the school,but he didn't have any books," Wood said."He had a library that was empty."
Wood promised to fill the library shelves and returned to the village one year later with some of his friends with 3000 books.And that was just the start.Later,Wood used some of his personal money to start Room to Read. He believes that world change begins with educated children.Today,the programme can be found in10 countries across Asia and Africa.
Wood believes the key to the program's success is local support.While Room to Read gives away money and provides books,communities offer land and parents help build the school.Agnes,a Room to Read teacher in Zambia who also runs the library,is proud to say the literacy' at her school has improved. Room to Read's biggest challenge is the huge need. Hundreds of communities have asked for literacy prograrnmes.One way of Room to Read's success is that it will achieve Wood's goal of reaching 10 million kids by 2015,five years earlier than it is planned.
The question is: When John Wood travelled in Nepal in 1998,he   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:visited many local schools
B:sent many books to local children
C:started the Room to Read campaign
D:met a man who changed his lifeHave you ever been in a meeting while someone was making a speech and realized suddenly that your mind was a million miles away? You probably felt sorry and decided to pay attention and never have daydreaming again. Most of us have been told from earliest school days that daydreaming is a waste of time. I don't think so.
L. Giambra, a psychologist, says, "Daydreaming isn't a waste of time. _ , daydreaming is quite necessary. Without it, the mind couldn't do all the thinking that it has to do during a normal day. You can't possibly do all your thinking with a conscious mind. Instead, your unconscious mind is working out problems all the time. Daydreaming may be one way that the unconscious and conscious states of mind have silent conversations ."
Early psychologists paid no attention to the importance of daydreams or even thought they were harmful . At one time people thought that some psychological illness caused daydreaming. They did not have a better understanding of daydreams until the late 1980s. Eric Klinges, a professor, is the writer of the book Daydreaming. Klinges says, "We know now that daydreaming is one of the main ways that we organize our lives, learn from our experiences, and plan for our futures. Daydreams really are a window on the things that we are afraid and the things we long for   in life."
Daydreams are usually very simple and direct, quite unlike sleep dreams. Sleep dreams may be hard to understand. It's easier to get a deep understanding of your life by paying close attention to your daydreams than by trying to examine  your sleep dreams carefully. Daydreams help you know the difficult situations in your life and found out a possible way of dealing with them.
Daydreams cannot be predicted: they move off in unexpected directions which may be creative and full of useful ideas. For many famous artists and scientists, daydreams were and are a main source  of creative energy.
The question is: Psychologists now believe that   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:daydreams cause some psychological illness
B:daydreams are usually difficult to understand
C:daydreams may be creative and full of useful ideas
D:daydreams are usually very simple and can be predictedThe Aztec population was divided into four main classes.Nobles were the highest and most powerful class.They included the emperor and his extended family, as well as governors in charge of local areas, and members of the government.The nobles owned most of the land.Commoners made up most of the population.They ran small family farms or did ordinary jobs in the towns and cities.Serfs worked on the land owned by the nobles.They were given food and shelter, but weren't paid.Slaves were either prisoners of war or criminals who could be bought and sold.
Many Aztec people lived in rural villages, working the land.However, many more lived in large towns and cities.Tenochtitian, the Aztec capital and home to the emperor, became one of the largest cities in the world.Its construction began in 1325 AD, and it's believed that by 1500 AD more than 200,000 people lived there.
As with all Aztec towns and cities, there was a central area for temples and other special places in Tenochtitian.People could gather there to worship the Aztec gods.
The question is: There were   _   main classes in the Aztec.
The possible answers are:
A:2
B:3
C:4
D:5Our school is very big. There are sixty classes in our school. There are about  fifty students in a class. There is a television in a classroom, but there isn't a computer. There are 52 desks in my classroom. In my class there are 26 boys and 25 girls.
Our library is big, too. There are many books in it. The gym is behind it, and the science labs are next to the library. Behind the gym is our dining hall. We have lunch in it.
The question is: There are about   _   students in a class in our school.
The possible answers are:
A:70
B:60
C:50
D:40An astronaut's work may sound exciting, but living in space isn't as fun as you think. The website www.space.com lists the disadvantages of living in space. Here are some of them.
When astronauts work outside the station during spacewalks, they have to wear special gloves. The gloves are very tight. They can hurt the astronauts' fingernails  and even make them fall off.
In space, you don't have many choices in what you eat. It's hard to get fresh fruits and vegetables. It is not OK to eat bread because it leaves crumbs . Crumbs could fly around everywhere.
In space, it is impossible to have a good shower because water can fly all over the ship and break the machines. Astronauts have to use a special water-shooting  gun and a washcloth.
Astronauts lose their bone strength quickly during their stay in space. So far, there is no way to solve this problem. They do exercise while they're in space to try to keep their bones strong as long as possible.
Perhaps the hardest part of life in space is the feeling of loneliness. Astronauts sometimes have to spend weeks and even months away from Earth. They miss their friends and families.
The question is: What's the hardest part of life for astronauts in space?
The possible answers are:
A:They feel very lonely.
B:They have to stay alone in space.
C:They have no friends.
D:They have no families.There was a robbery at City Central Bank last yesterday afternoon. Two men entered the bank at about 4 p.m. and told the bank teller on duty to give them $ 1,000,000. The robbers were carrying guns  and wearing black masks  to cover their faces. The robbers told all the customers  in the bank to lie down on the floor. Witnesses  said that everyone in the bank was very frightened and did what the robbers told them.
The teller agreed to give them the money but told them they'd have to wait a few minutes. She said the bank manager would have to get the money out of the safety. As the robbers were waiting for the money. the teller tried to press an alarm button  that was hidden under the counter. It was a silent alarm, so the robbers didn't realize it had been set off.
Just as the manager arrived with the money, ten police officers entered the bank. The robbers were very surprised that the officers caught them easily. The robbers are now in custody  , and will appear in court next week.
Police congratulated Miss Alston , the bank teller , on brave act. The bank manager said that he would give Miss Alston a week's vacation to thank her.
The question is: What did the bank teller do ?
The possible answers are:
A:She telephoned the police
B:She didn't want to give the money to the robbers
C:She got the money out of the safe.
D:She pressed an alarm button.My father has a great sports collection .he love sports very much. And he loves all balls.  he likes playing basketball and volleyball. And he likes playing baseball and tennis. he also likes watching ball games. how many balls does he have? He has 15 basketballs,12 baseballs ,10 tennis bats.8 volleyballs and 14 baseball bats. and many other balls.
The question is: He has  _  tennis bats.
The possible answers are:
A:15
B:12
C:10
D:8Fun places to visit in Singapore
Jurong Bird Park
At Jurong Bird Park you can see more than 5,000 birds and even feed some of them by hand! If feeding birds makes you hungry, you can join the park's parrots for lunch.
PulauUbin
Take a small boat into Singapore's past.A 10-minute ride will take you to this island.The life on the island has not been changed since the 1960s.
Malls and Markets
Walk through Orchard Road's modern malls.Then try an open-air shopping experience at the markets.There you can buy inexpensive clothes,toys and old furniture.
Night Safari
Night Safari lets you see animals that are active at night in their natural environment.Walk through the park at night to get close to the animals from seven different areas.
The question is: How many fun places are talked about?
The possible answers are:
A:2
B:3
C:4
D:5You have waited 45 minutes for the valuable 10 minutes' break. But when the bell for the next class rings, you can't believe how quickly time has passed. If you have this experience, you'll know how time flies when you are having fun and _ when you are bored. Now scientists have come up with a reason why this happens.
They have found that the brain changes its way to work according to how we direct our attention to a task. When we are bored, we pay more attention to how time is passing. And this makes our brains think the clock is ticking more slowly.
Recently some researchers who want to understand the conditions carried out an experiment. In the experiment, twelve volunteers watched a picture while researchers monitored their brain activity.
The volunteers were told to first notice how long a picture appeared, then the color of the picture, and thirdly, study the both. The results showed that the brain was more active when the volunteers paid attention to more subjects.
It is thought that if the brain is busy noticing many aspects of a task, it has to spread its resources, and pays less attention to the clock. Therefore, time seems to go quickly. If the brain is not so active, it spends its full energy on the passing of time. As a result, time seems to move slowly.
Next time you feel bored in class, perhaps you should concentrate  on what the teacher is saying.
The question is: Which of the following is TRUE according to the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:We will be full of energy if we're busy.
B:Concentrating on things is a way to make people less bored.
C:Time goes slowly when the brain is noticing many things at the same time.
D:We should pay no attention to time when we are doing something.In Britain, some people say they will do anything if a famous person they love asks them to. One in three people in Britain have a new kind of disease --they love a famous person too much.
Some people love famous stars like Britney Spears, David Beckham or even Tony Blair. It is not just the young, grown-ups have the same problem. One in four people are so interested in their heroes that it affects their life.
There are two ways of worshipping  famous people. One way is just to follow them or talk about them with friends for fun. The other is a more serious way. People have very strong feelings for them and think they are their friends. People who do so for fun are found to be happier. But those who have strong feelings for a famous person are perhaps to feel more lonely and worried.
"Worshipping famous people is not certainly a bad thing," Dr.John, an expert said, "But like many things, overdoing it may not always be good for you."
,,.
The question is: What does the writer think of the two ways of worshipping famous people?
The possible answers are:
A:The first one is better
B:The second one is better
C:Both of them are good
D:Neither of them is goodRunning
Running is good for people with too much fat because it can help them become slim. It also makes people strong. But it may be bad for joints  . If we don't feel comfortable in our joints, we should stop for another activity.
Walking
Walking makes our bodies relaxed  . It can also help people to be slim.
Swimming
Swimming is a great way to make different places of your body strong. But it is not a good way to keep slim. The water in a swimming pool is cooler than our body. The body protects   itself from the cold by keeping fat.
Cycling
Riding a bike will help us be slim and make our legs strong, too. But be careful! If you live in the city, you should ride on the bike road and be away from the busy traffic.
The question is: If you're not well in the joints while running, you should  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:run faster
B:keep running
C:stop running
D:drink waterOn Thanksgiving Day, a teacher asked her class of firstgraders to draw a picture of something they were thankful for. She thought that these children from poor families actually had little to be thankful for. And she found most of them drawing pictures of flowers or tables with food. The teacher was very surprised to see the picture Douglas handed in. It's a hand,a simple hand.
But whose hand? The class were very interested in the strange picture. "I think it must be the hand of God that brings us food," said one child, "A farmer's," said another, "Because he grows beautiful flowers. " Finally when the others were at work ,the teacher went over to Douglas' desk and asked whose hand it was. "It's your hand, Teacher," he said quietly and shyly.
She remembered that she had often taken Douglas, a dirty lonely child, by the hand while having a class break. She often did that with the children. But it meant so much to Douglas. Perhaps this is everyone's thanksgiving,not for the material things we get,but for the chance,in whatever small way, to give to others.
The question is: What do you learn about Douglas from the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:He liked drawing hands
B:He was very active in class.
C:He always kept his hand clean
D:His family was not rich.Once there lived an old man in a town. He always forgot a lot of things. So his wife always had to say to him,"Don't forget this."
One day he went on a long way alone. Before he left home,his wife said,"Now you have all these things. You need them on your way. Take care of your things on the way." He went to the station. He bought a ticket and got on the train with it.
About an hour later,the conductor began to see the tickets. He came to the old man and said,"Will you please show me your ticket?" The old man looked for his ticket in all his pockets but he could not find it. He was very worried."I can't find my ticket. I really bought a ticket before I got on the train "said the old man.
"I think you are right. I believe you bought a ticket. All right,you don't have to buy another ticket "said the conductor kindly. But the old man still  looked worried and said sadly,"You don't know why I'm worried. If I don't find my ticket,I can't remember my station. Where am I going? "
The question is: The conductor told the old man that he didn't need to buy another ticket because   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:the man was very old
B:he thought the old man had no money with him
C:the old man showed him the ticket
D:he believed the old manTony is reading an advertisement in a magazine.  It is about different evening classes or weekend classes.
The Learning Centre, Garden City
We have evening and weekend courses on ...
test preparation            friends and meeting people
jobs and making money     cooking and language learning
Some of this month's courses:
1. Get good grades!
Do you forget information and do poorly on tests? In this course, learn to...
* remember more (95 percent of what you read).
* think quickly and read fast (400 words per minute!).
* do well on tests and get high scores.
2. Find true love...today!
Are you single and shy? Is it hard for you to talk to people?
In this course, learn to...
talk to people; start a conversation with a man or woman.
be more friendly and outgoing.
* understand a person's body language.
3. You are on TV!
Many actors get their start in television. You can too! In this course, learn to...
* act in TV ads.
* use your voice on the radio.
* get TV and radio jobs.
4. Cook delicious and healthy food!
Are you interested in cooking? Do you want to keep healthy? In this course, learn to...
* keep a balanced diet.
* cook delicious traditional Chinese food.
* make western-style food. This course is also online al www. dffh. net. cn.
The question is: Which course is allowed to take online?
The possible answers are:
A:Course 4.
B:Course 3.
C:Course 2.
D:Course 1.Many people like animals such as dogs and cats and keep one or more of them as pets. If you keep a dog or a cat as a pet, you must know how to look after it.
A grown-up dog needs two meals a day --not more. It can eat meat, fish, rice and some other things. Dogs like large bones , but you can't give them chicken bones. Remember to give them much clean water.
A dog should have a clean, dry box for sleeping. Washing it once a week is good for its health. If it is ill, take it to a doctor. A healthy dog will bring you more pleasure.
Be careful when you choose a cat. A cat has two meals a day with some meat or fish. It drinks a little milk every day. Sometimes you can give it vegetables to eat. Don't forget that it needs clean water to drink.
Take good care of your pets, they will be your good friends. Maybe they can give you some help when you are in need.
The question is: Cats usually drink   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:orange
B:red ink
C:apple juice
D:milk and waterA. Choose to Be Happy                B. Do Something New.
C. Look for the Opportunity           D. Learn from Losing
The question is: The material above tells us the ways to   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:find a good job
B:live a positive life
C:protect the environment
D:keep us healthyChinese New Year is next week in January this year. Do you need great furniture for your room? Come and buy things at our great sale at Helen's Furniture Store. Look! Here are some nice tape players in white, blue and red for mothers. We sell them for only $20. For students, we have desks and chairs for $25 a set. You can buy big tables for $50 and small tables for $40. What color do you like? Sofas in all colors are only $100 each.
One interesting thing: You can buy great vegetables here, too. The vegetables are from Yunnan and Taiwan.
Come to our store. You will like it.
The question is: You can't buy   _   at the great sale.
The possible answers are:
A:vegetables
B:sofas
C:tape players
D:fruitLots of people are good at fishing. But what if you were only able to catch  fish with just your hands?
Last Sunday, my dad and I went to Lipu in Guangxi. There, we saw a big traditional  game ----the fish catching game. On that day, lots of local people took off their shirts and jumped into a river. There were many fish in the river. But they could only use a small ladle . Some of them waved   their ladles to drive the fish together. And some tried to catch the fish quickly. It looks easy, but the water was so muddy   that no one could see the fish clearly. They had to touch and feel the fish.
Visitors like us were also excited to see such an interesting game. We cheered and laughed. Although most people didn't catch even one fish, everyone was so happy that day. The game was really interesting.
The question is: When did the writer go to Lipu?
The possible answers are:
A:Last Friday.
B:Last Tuesday.
C:Last weekend.
D:Last Monday.A teacher stood in front of his history class of twenty students just before handing out  the final exam. His students sat quietly and waited for him to speak. "It's been a pleasure teaching you this term," he said. "You've all worked very hard, so I have a pleasant surprise for you. Everyone who chooses not to take the final exam will get a "B" for the course." Most of the students jumped out of their seats. They thanked the teacher happily, and walked out of the classroom. Only a few students stayed. The teacher looked at them. "This is your last chance," he said. "Does anyone else want to leave?" All the students there stayed in their seats and took out their pencils. The teacher smiled. "Congratulations  ," he said. "I'm glad to see you believe in yourselves. You all get 'A's."
The question is: This story most probably took place  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:at the end of the term
B:in the middle of the term
C:at the beginning of the term
D:at the beginning of the school yearSharks frighten most of us, but Daniel Weaver, a shark scientist, swims with them for a living! We asked him some questions about this unusual job.
So Daniel, what's it like to be a shark scientist?
Well, it's a great job. I often travel to faraway places like South Africa and Fiji to study sharks. On the other hand, a shark scientist sometimes does boring desk work, such as writing reports. Also, shark scientists don't usually get paid a lot.
What qualities   do you need to become a shark scientist?
Shark scientists need to be wise and strong. They enjoy working outdoors and they have to be cool and patient  . They also have to be quite brave!
So do you think it's a dangerous job?
Well, sharks have up to 15 rows of sharp teeth. However, sharks hardly attack   humans. There are over 350 kinds of sharks in the world and only about 10 are dangerous to us. In fact, dogs kill more people every year than sharks! Humans kill over 12 million sharks a year for food and sport!
How do you become a shark scientist?
A shark scientist usually studies _ or _ at university. It's also good to get some work experience in an aquarium  . In my opinion, I have the best job in the world!
The question is: As a shark scientist, Daniel   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:studies sharks in his neighbourhood
B:makes lots of money
C:swims with sharks for a living
D:only writes reports on sharksDear friend,
I am an American ( ) girl. My name is Alice Green. I am a middle school student. I am fifteen. I have two brothers. They are middle school students, too. We go to school from Monday to Friday. We don't have any classes on Saturdays and Sundays. My father and mother are teachers. They always say China is great. I like reading. I am reading a Chinese book. I think it's very interesting. My brothers and I like playing football and basketball. What sports do you like?
Let's be good pen pals  , OK? Please write to me soon.
Yours,
Alice Green
The question is: What do Alice and her brother like?
The possible answers are:
A:Reading books.
B:Playing soccer and basketball.
C:Writing to pen pals.
D:Playing computer games.Lots of kids hate school, a new study found. Usually this kind of feeling doesn't last long. School is a fact of life and getting a good education can help you build the kind of future life you want. So let's talk about school and what to do when you don't like it.
The first step is to find out why. You might not like school because you don't have enough friends, or maybe you don't get along with your teachers. Sometimes it's a big problem with your classes and school work. You may be getting further and further behind, and it may seem like you'll never catch up.
When you know why you don't like school, you can start taking steps to make things better. It's a good idea to talk to someone about your problems with school. Your mom, dad, or teachers will be able to help you. Another good idea is to write down your feelings about school in a notebook. It's a great way to let out emotion . Remember, you don't have to share what you've written with others.
And here are some ways to give you the best first day of school. The night before school starts, you can do something quiet and peaceful to calm yourself down, like reading a book with your parents, taking a walk or taking a photo of your smiling face. By doing these, you will have a nice day at school.
The question is: This passage can probably be seen   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:in a story book
B:in a sports magazine
C:in a student's notebook
D:in a student's guide bookOnce upon a time, a young man was standing in the middle of the town announcing that he had the most beautiful heart in the world. A large crowd gathered, and they al praised his heart for it was perfect.
Suddenly, an old man appeared and said, "Why ,your heart is not as beautiful as mine."
The old man's heart was ful of scars . Some pieces of his heart were removed and some pieces from other people were put in, but they didn't fit quite right. So there were several jagged edges. In fact, there were stil some holes in his heart where the pieces were missing.
The  young  man  laughed,"Comparing yours with mine, mine is perfect and yours is a mess."
"Yes,"said the old man. "But, every scar shows that I took out a piece of my heart and gave it to a person, and often he gave me a piece of his heart in return."
"Why do you have some jagged edges in your heart?"asked the young man."Because the shapes of the pieces weren't the same.""Then the holes?""Sometimes I gave pieces of my heart away, and the other person hasn't given back a piece of his, so ... but I don't care.""How come?""They remind me of the love we shared."
The young man was deeply moved. He walked up to the old man, took a piece of his heart out and gave it to the old man.
The old man placed it in his heart, then took a piece from his old scarred heart and placed it in the wound in the young man's heart. It fitted, but not perfectly, as there were some jagged edges.
The young man looked at his heart, not perfect any more but more beautiful than ever.
How sad it must be to go through  life  with  a  whole untouched heart!
The question is: We can get more beautiful hearts by sharing   _
The possible answers are:
A:ideas
B:scars
C:love
D:beautyNews Review
APEC Blue   People in Beijing got the saying after the APEC meeting in Beijing. It refers to  the clear blue sky during the meeting. To get such a blue sky, many factories in Beijing and nearby cities stopped work, and the number of cars on the road was cut.
A Warning Ticket   A 24-year-old woman in Nanjing was given a warning ticket for eating food on the subway. Eating is not allowed on Nanjing subway. Up to now, 2,698 people have been punished  because of their eating, smoking or selling goods on the subway.
A Teacher-free Exam    Recently, students at Ningbo Huamao Foreign Language School in Zhejiang took their mid-term exam -a teacher-free exam. After handing out the exam papers, the teachers left the classroom, leaving the students to take the exam without being watched. They only came back to collect the papers at the end.
A Tomato Fight    Do you want a tomato shower? Come to the "tomato fight" in Spain! Once every year, people in the town of Bunol throw tomatoes at each other. Don't worry. It's not a real fight. People do this only for fun.
The question is: In the town of Bunol, Spain, people throw tomatoes at each other   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:to have fun
B:to enjoy dinner
C:to take a shower
D:to start a fightLet's look at the picture. The boy's name is John. The girl in a white blouse is his sister, Rose. The other one in a yellow blouse is his sister, Mary. John and his sisters are students in No. 11 Middle School. The two sisters are in Class Three, Grade One, but John is in Class Two, Grade Two. The man and woman are their father and mother. The man is a worker and the woman is a teacher. The old man and the old woman are John's grandfather and grandmother. The family is a big one.
The question is: Which of the following is NOT true?
The possible answers are:
A:The family is a big one.
B:John and his sisters are in the same school.
C:The man's son is in Grade 2.
D:The two girls have two brothers.Seven years ago, a small town in Changhua started to grow healthy rice. What surprised us was that the "farmers" were not really farmers. They were students from a small middle school. Now everything on the farm goes well. And there are stories behind rice, too.
The idea of growing rice came from the school teachers decided to teach students how to grow healthy rice on the school land . They wanted the students to be close to(......) the land and learn to help each other outside the classroom.
The students and the teachers ate the rice. The school made money by selling  the rice and giving farming  classes to the community. With the money, the school could help some students go to foreign  countries some day.
Today _ comes true--the students are flying to Japan to share their special farming stories, and have fun over there, of course! "We all feel very happy that even students from a small town can make themselves stars," said one of the teachers.
The question is: What can be the best title  of the article?
The possible answers are:
A:Healthy Rice
B:Small Rice, Big Dream
C:Small School, Healthy Life
D:Growing Rice, Making MoneyRico is a dog who lives in Germany . His owners trained him from a young age to find his toys. When they say the name of a certain toy, Rico can find it. In fact, he seems to know the names of 200 toys!
Some researchers in Germany wanted to test Rico. They put his toys in a room and then told him to go in the room and find a certain toy. Since nobody was in the room with Rico, he had no help from anyone finding the right toy. The researchers did this test forty times. Rico found the right toy thirty-seven times!
Then the researchers tried something else. They put seven of Rico's toys in the room together with one new toy that Rico had never seen before. Then they told Rico to go into the room and get the new toy. This new toy had a name Rico had never heard before. Rico found the right toy seven out of ten times!
Researchers cannot really say that Rico knows words or language. However, these tests seem to show that Rico can think about what he hears and think about what he knows. In fact, Rico seems to think and remember things as well as a three-year-old child.
From these tests, animal researchers know one thing for sure. Rico has given them a lot to think about.
The question is: From the passage we know that Rico is good at   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:catching toys
B:counting toys
C:finding toys
D:putting toys in orderIf you had the chance to leave the life you have now, what would you do?
Students from Fair-grounds Middle School, New Hampshire, US, chose to lead a special life for a week. They left the city and lived a different life by working on a farm. They handed over their cell phones and lived like any farmer's children. And they enjoyed it!
"I didn't know what would happen when we got there," said Tyler Swift, 14, "but there were so many fun things. So much hard work, too. It was a _ ."
"Getting up at 6 every morning, the students milked cows, spread hay , and washed hundreds of sticky buckets . The hardest part was cleaning up piles of poop  in the animal houses. It smelled bad, but it was lots of fun!
None of the students said no to the work. "With the farmers' help, they did the work better and better. And they learned a lot more than just farming work." said Rick Brown, a science teacher at Fair-grounds.
"You get to know who can do what and learn to work with different people. The children all showed great team work." said Nick Quadros.
The question is: How long did the children work on the farm?
The possible answers are:
A:For a week.
B:For about half a month.
C:For a month.
D:For ten days.This is a family tree. It's a very big family. Tim and Gina are very old  . They have   a son, David and a daughter, Sally. David and his wife   Jenny have the twins  , Jack and Bob.
Jack is single  , but Bob is married  . His wife is Lucy. They have a cute   son, Sam. They love   Sam very much.
Sally's husband   is Paul. They are the parents of Peter and Lily. Peter is married .His wife is Jane. They have a daughter. Her name is Kate. Lily has a dog. It's very cute  . She loves   it very much.
The question is: _   people   are in the family.
The possible answers are:
A:12
B:13
C:14
D:15Once there lived an old man in a mountain village. He was a famous hunter. He often went hunting alone in the mountains. He was not afraid of any wild animals, not even a tiger.
One night, someone saw a tiger come into the village, and stole two sheep away. The next night the tiger came again. The villagers were frightened. They asked the old hunter to catch it so that they could have a safe life.
When the old man heard about the tiger, he thought hard. He wondered why the tiger came at night twice but only stole the sheep. The next night he walked outside the village. Suddenly he saw the tiger coming. He quickly threw himself on the ground. To his surprise, the tiger did not come at him, but went away. He followed it quietly and found it was running on two of its feet just like a man. Then everything was clear.
On the fourth day, when it got dark, the hunter took some animal skins with him and hid himself behind a big tree near the village. He was waiting for the "tiger". As soon as the "tiger" came near the tree, the old hunter jumped out, caught the "tiger" by the "leg" and said, "Don't be afraid. I do not mean to hurt you. You know who I am, don't you?"
The "tiger" said "Yes" and took off the tiger's skin.
"You are poor. But you mustn't steal anything from others. Here are some animal skins for you. You may sell them at the market. With the money, you can buy food and clothes for your family. Work harder and try to make a living. " With tears in his eyes, the poor man thanked the kind-hearted old hunter and walked home.
The question is: Why did the old hunter take some animal skins with him when he was waiting for the "tiger" ?
The possible answers are:
A:To help the poor man.
B:To make himself well hidden.
C:To sell them at the market the next morning.
D:To buy food and clothes on his way home.It was a cold winter afternoon before Christmas. My parents and I sat on the bench in Washington, D.C. Union Station, waiting for the train. Inside the waiting hall were many people.
A boy sat nearby. His worn jacket, pale face, dirty hands all seemed to tell me that he was homeless.
"He must be cold and hungry. Maybe I should help him," I said to myself.
Just at that moment, a well-dressed young couple walked towards him.
"Excuse me," the man bent down. "My wife and I bought two meal boxes but one was enough for us. We hate to waste good food. Can you help us out and put this to use?" he handed the boy a meal box.
The boy thanked them and opened the box with joy and care. Suddenly he stopped. In the direction to which he looked, I saw an old man _ in a worn sweater, worn trousers and open shoes, entering the hall.
Putting the meal box aside, the boy stood and helped the old to his seat. He took off his jacket and covered it on the old man's shoulders, saying, "A gentleman brought me this warm meal but I just finished eating. I hate to waste good food. Can you help me out?" He placed the still-warm meal box in the old man's hands without waiting for an answer.
"Sure, son, but if only you share that sandwich with me. It's too much for a man at my age. "
We were all touched. Dad went away and soon returned with cups of hot chocolate and a big pizza. Mum and dad went up to those rags, "Excuse me..."
I rushed into a KFC and took out my pocket money. It was so cold that afternoon but I felt much warmer than I had ever thought possible.
The question is: Who gave the boy a meal box?
The possible answers are:
A:The young man.
B:The old man.
C:The young woman.
D:Mum and Dad.When I was nine years old, I wrote my first poem. My mother read the little poem and cried. "Buddy, it's a beautiful, beautiful poem!" My mother poured out her praise.
"What time will Father be home?" I asked. I could hardly wait to show him my poem. My father had begun his movie career as a writer. He would be able to appreciate my poem even more than my mother. I confidently put the poem right on my father's plate on the dining table.
My mother said he would be home around 7. But My father got home an hour later than expected. He sat down at the table and noticed his plate. "What is this?" I heard him say.
"Ben, Buddy has written his first poem. And it's beautiful, so amazing!" Mother said.
"If you don't mind, I'd like to decide that for myself," Father said.
I kept my face lowered to my plate. It was only 10 lines long. But it seemed to take hours.  "I think it's bad," my father said. I couldn't look up. My eyes were getting wet.
"Ben, sometimes I don't understand you," my mother was saying. "This is just a little boy. He needs encouragement."
"I don't know why," _ "Isn't there enough bad poetry  in the world already? No law says Buddy has to become a poet."
I ran from the dining room, threw myself on the bed and cried.
A few months later, I read that first poem. It was a bad poem. I worked up the courage to show him a short story. My father thought it was not good but hopeful. I was learning to rewrite.
As I worked my way into other books and plays and films, I realized how lucky I was to have a mother who said, "Buddy, it's wonderful!" and a father who shook his head "I think it's bad." Both are love that forces me to improve. In fact, all of us in life need both loving force.
The question is: Which of the following is right?
The possible answers are:
A:A few months later, the writer stopped writing.
B:After years the writer hated his father very much.
C:That day Father didn't come home until a quarter past eight.
D:The writer was confident that Father would praise his poem.It is not a question of culture, it is not even a question of killing animals. Even a carrot dies when pulled out of the ground. It is a matter of the protection of the planet
because our meat eating habits might be stressing (......) our ecological (
) system.
It's no longer --might||, we are destroying our planet.
Most of the meat that we eat comes from livestock, which is about 23 billion in population and causes the waste of our natural resources. Every second of every day one football field size rainforest is destroyed, and much of it is used to farm and raise livestock.
Raising the animals also requires huge quantities   of water, mostly to grow
the grains   fed to them. It takes over 2,000 gallons of water to produce one pound of beef, which can be used for a seven-minute shower every day for a minimums   of four months. Take your pick: four months without a shower or a hamburger.
Meat has to be cut, cleaned and processed. One doesn't just buy a cow and start eating it. According to David Pimentel from Cornell University, it takes 20 times more energy to produce beef than tofu, and both have the same good sources of protein ( ).
The waste from the animals is one of the main causes of water and air pollution. The animal waste cannot be used in the fields because it can spread diseases to humans. In 1995, 25 million gallons of animal waste flowed into the New River in North Carolina, killing 10 million fish and destroying 364,000 acres of coastal ( ) wetlands.
Animal farming also produces larger quantities of greenhouse   gases, such as methane (CH4) and nitrous oxide (N2O). If your next Christmas is unusually hot or especially cold, blame the steak you ate the night before.
I am not saying that everybody needs to stop eating meat right this minute. I don't think we can produce enough corns, fruits, and vegetables. I am just saying we need to
cut our meat consumption  , 70 grams per day is okay if we want normal weather,
clean air and drinking water.
The question is: From the passage, we can learn that .
The possible answers are:
A:animal waste should be used for planting
B:we're destroying the farm to raise animals
C:animal farming produces greenhouse gases
D:we use the same energy to produce beef and tofuMichael Jackson's sudden death really astonished  his fans, but soon they are glad to find another younger "King of Pop" has appeared.
Wang Yiming, who is known as Xiao Bao, has already been popular across the world with his wonderful dance moves. He once appeared on U.S. television show "Ellen" and performed successfully at the World Expo 2010.     About seven years ago, Xiao Bao was born prematurely , which made his mother really worried. He was so weak. What could he do? Doctors suggested that moving his body to music would help make him strong, but soon his parents were surprised by how quickly Xiao Bao fell in love with music!
"When he was young, we just started playing music to him and he started moving around like this. But we didn't think that he had such a strong feeling for music. When he was just several months old, we would let him listen to music and he would stop crying and calm down at once," the proud mother once said.
So far, Xiao Bao has learned the moonwalk and other Jackson's moves well. His fans are crazy about his wonderful shows. He has drawn more people's attention. He is fast becoming internationally popular.
There are lots of problems waiting for him, but Xiao Bao will never give up. He is serious about his dancing career . Where there is a will, there is a way. We are sure that Xiao Bao's dream will come true one day.
The question is: How did Xiao Bao's parents feel when they first saw his reaction  to music?
The possible answers are:
A:Surprised.
B:Happy.
C:Proud.
D:Worried.In 50 years of traveling, Colin McCorpuodale has visited every country in the world except three. And everywhere he goes, he sends himself a postcard. He always chooses a postcard with beautiful scenery  . Usually he writes just a short message to himself. However, he wrote an interesting story on his latest one, from the Malians Island.
Mr. McCorpuodale lives in London. On one of the walls in his room, you can see a large map of the world. There are hundreds of little red pins   stuck in it. "These pins mean a lot to me." says Mr. McCorpuodale, "I follow the rule. I'm allowed to stick one in only if I've been in a place for more than 24 hours."
Naturally, Mr. McCorpuodale has his favorite places. New Zealand, he describes as "a wonderful country". About China, he says, "This is the country in the world which is completely different. There is no European influence."
Wherever he goes, Mr. McCorpuodale takes with him a photo of his wife, a candle, a shirt with a secret pocket and a pen.
So why does he do it? For the postcards or the travels? Mr. McCorpuodale laughs, "Neither. Only for the meaningful life."
The question is: What did Mr. McCorpuodale write about on his latest postcard?
The possible answers are:
A:Malians Island.
B:An interesting story.
C:Beautiful scenery.
D:His favorite places.At one time or another we have all stopped to think about the weather. Some days the weather is good. Some days the weather is bad. Sometimes a day that seems bad turns out better than you thought it would. There are ways of understanding the weather. One way is to study the clouds. No two clouds are ever alike. We can see the different kinds of clouds and watch them for signs of changing weather. To forecast the weather, there are three things about clouds. you should look for: movement, colour, and change. As a rule, the higher the clouds, the better the weather. And the lower the clouds, the worse the weather is likely to be. Fair-weather cumulus clouds* are another sign of good weather. These are clouds we often see on warm summer days. Clouds can tell you if a storm is on the way. If the thick, fluffy cumulus clouds get bigger early in the day, then you know it will rain. If there is a sudden, cool and dark thunder* cloud appears, then a storm is about to break out. Colours in the sky tell us about the weather, too. A golden ring around the moon warns us that a storm is on the way. A watery yellow sunset is a sign that rain may be near. The rainbow* has a message, too. The colours of the rainbow come from the sun rays shining through falling rain. If you see the sun in the east and a rainbow in the west, the rain may be coming your way. If the sun is in the west and the rainbow is in the east, the rain will be moving away from you.
The question is: According to this article, one way to understand the weather is to  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:study the clouds
B:monitor the temperature every hour
C:watch the signs of the wind
D:note the changes in wetLee Kuan Yew, former prime minister  of Singapore, died on Monday, March 23, 2015, at the age of 91, according to a statement released by the Prime Minister's Office.
Lee, a Cambridge-educated lawyer, is widely credited with building Singapore into one of the world's wealthiest nations. He co-founded the People's Action Party (PAP), which has ruled Singapore since 1959 and led the newly born country when it was separated from Malaysia in 1965.
In Beijing's eyes, Lee Kuan Yew, the late founding father and leader of Singapore, was not only "an old friend of the Chinese people", but also "the founder of China-Singapore relations", according to China's previous official news releases about his visits.
Chinese media estimated that he had been to China more than 20 times, and he was known for his good personal relations with China's top figures, especially former leader Deng Xiaoping. Zhang Jiuhuan, the Chinese ambassador  to Singapore from 2000 to 2004, noted that "it was a _ case" at the time that a foreign prime minister would visit China, as Lee did in 1976, in the absence of diplomatic relations  between the two nations. Deng then paid back the visit, going to Singapore in 1978, in what Zhang described as a sensational trip.
Jin Canrong, a professor of international relations at Renmin University of China in Beijing, noted that Lee's No 1 contribution to China was his efforts in "sharing Singapore's successful experience in governance", adding that "China has benefited a lot" from this.
The China-Singapore Suzhou Industrial Park, inaugurated in February 1994 in Jiangsu province in East China, was proposed by Lee, who even went to the city in 1992 to inspect the site for the park.
Now, with the park serving as a role model for China's economic cooperation with foreign countries, more such industrial parks hosted or co-hosted by China have been established domestically and abroad.
The question is: How long has the People's Action Party (PAP) ruled Singapore?
The possible answers are:
A:56.
B:50.
C:39.
D:37.At East China University of Science and Technology,students will get a coupon   if they eat up their food.Students can collect coupons and exchange them for small gifts, such as books, magazines, mobile phone covers and hand warmers.
"It's been such a surprise," said Liang Zahaoyun, 19, a student at the university in Shanghai. "It has given us one more motivation to finish our food. "
The measure is part of a national "eat-up" campaign  which is organized by students to deal with food waste on campuses .
Why only on campuses, you might ask? Because according to a report by Xinhna News Agency,students waste twice as much food as the national average .
The campaign on campus food waste is receiving attention across the country.
"The aim of the campaign is not only to encourage students to finish their food. We hope it can also encourage students to choose a more environment-friendly and healthy lifestyle," said Tao Siliang, secretary of the Youth League Committee at Shanghai University.
But some school food is poorly prepared, so students do not like to finish it all. Some schools have taken notice of this and they are taking measures to improve it.
"I'm glad that we've reduced food waste since the 'eat-up' campaign began. But if we call on students to waste less food, we should also improve the service and food standard on campuses." said Tao.
The question is: The "eat-up" campaign is carried out on campuses because   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:students get a good education
B:schools offer small gifts
C:students waste too much food
D:school food is more deliciousJOLIN Tsai  , a famous singer, has become an English teacher! But she is not staying in a classroom to give you talks in English.Instead, she has published   a new book, "Jolin's English Diary Book".It came out in Taiwan in March.Jolin is helping you learn English in a _ way and give you useful words for life outside your textbooks.
"I hope it's a happy English book," she said, "When you learn English in a fun way, you will keep on doing it." This certainly doesn't mean just reciting   words.Jolin has a lot of clever ways of learning.She likes to listen to English songs or find friends to talk to in English.She has been good at English since Grade 3 in primary school  .Because of this, she hosted   news programme on the radio herself.
Jolin knows it's important to put English to good use.So, in her English diaries, she wrote something about her everyday life, like study, fashion  , travel and family.After each diary, she gives you lots of notes.You can use them often, too! Jolin also asks you to keep diaries like hers.
The question is: . Jolin thinks that  _  is important for us to learn English.
The possible answers are:
A:just reciting words
B:hosting a programme on the radio
C:studying in the classroom
D:putting English to good useHi! I am Jack. I am thirteen years old. I'm an English boy. Now I'm in China with my parents. I go to a middle school in Tianjin. This is my school day.
I get up at half past six. I go to school at seven o'clock and I go to school in my dad's car. I want to walk to school, but the school is far from my home. I usually eat breakfast in the car. School starts   at half past seven in the morning. We have five lessons in the morning and we have four lessons in the afternoon. I go home at six o'clock. I eat dinner at seven o'clock. I do my homework at half past seven. After that, I play the guitar. I go to bed at nine thirty.
This is my school day. It is happy!
The question is: Classes start at   _   in Jack's school.
The possible answers are:
A:7:00
B:7:30
C:8:00
D:8:15Hi! My name's Frank. Look! This is my schoolbag. It's black and red. My pens, my ruler and my books are in it. I have 2 pens, they are blue. My ruler is yellow and white. My books are purple and brown. Look! What's this? It's a map. It's red, yellow and green. I like them very much.
The question is: _   are blue.
The possible answers are:
A:My books
B:My schoolbag
C:My pens
D:My rulerWhile you are in trouble, what are you going to do? What? Cry? Or escape? Those are all the wrong way! Robinson Crusoe can tell you the right answer!
It is an exciting story: Robinson Crusoe hated the comfortable life in his home town. So, he want to be a seaman and travelled around the world. But one day, a terrible thing happened. A great storm came and their boat crashed! No one was alive in this accident except Robinson. He was the luckiest man in the world--Because all his friends were dead but he was alive. However, at the same time he was the most _ man of all--He must face the fact .Alone on an island without food, water or gun!But, all roads lead to Rome!He just used his hands to work hard!Then, he made a cave, built a house, grew corn and kept goats. In the end, he could enjoy the life on the island. In his twenty-fourth year on the island, he saved a wild man, and gave him the name of "Friday". With Robinson's teaching, "Friday" became a good servant. Friday, they got a boat and escaped from the island.
Surely, the writer of Robinson Crusoe is really a hero! It's too hard to describe Robinson with words. We could say that Robinson was very clever, and also he was brave,...Certainly, too many good words can describe him. But now, I think it isn't important. However, the most important thing is what we have learned from the story. That is, use our own hands to work hard with confidence!
The question is: How many people were alive in the accident?
The possible answers are:
A:No one.
B:One
C:Two
D:ManySue is a middle school student.Here are her holiday's diaries.
Tuesday July 15   Sunny
I can't believe my trip is over.I arrived in Egypt two weeks ago!I was with a group from a university .We went to the desert and learned a lot.I was tired,but I loved every minute of my trip.
Saturday August 5  Windy
My Hawaiian vacation just ended,and I was very relaxed!I spent five days on traveling there.Every day I took a walk,played basketball and ate good food.I also went swimming and snorkeling .I felt fantastic!
Sunday August 14      Sunny
Alaska is terrific!I was on a trip in the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge.There were six people on the trip.We hiked for six days.Then we took rafts to the Arctic Ocean.I saw a lot of wildlife .After ten days,I went home.
The question is: How many people were there on the trip in Alaska?
The possible answers are:
A:3.
B:4.
C:5.
D:6.Mrs Brown is very fat  .
"Don't eat meat or cakes,"her doctor says to her.
"I'm going to stop her eating them, doctor,"her husband   says.
The next morning, Mrs Brown makes a nice cake, and her husband eats half of it. After he goes out, Mrs Brown cuts   a very small piece of the cake and eats it. It is very good. She cuts a bigger piece and eats it. In a few minutes she finishes the cake."My husband is going to be very angry  ,"she says."What am I going to do?"
She makes another cake very quickly, eats half of that, and leaves half on the table.
Her husband comes back later. He sees the half of the cake on the table and he is very happy.
The question is: Mrs Brown makes another cake because  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:she is good at making cakes
B:her husband likes cakes
C:she wants to eat more cakes
D:if her husband knows she eats the half of the cake, he will be angryWhen I was a kid, I never had any problems watching some cartoons. It was so much fun and a great education  too. Mickey Mouse, Donald Duck, Tom and Jerry were my idols . Even now I really feel that they are worth watching at any age.
The problem I've found is the cartoons at present. Some of them contain something ugly. Most of the time, they show such many terrible characters with violence that you wonder what they really mean. Cartoons are supposed to be funny but they aren't. If you are expecting to teach your kids good manners and behavior, then they are the worst for your kids to watch.
Kids often imitate what they see in cartoons. If your kid is a fan of such cartoons, he or she will follow his or her favorite cartoon character and try to do something extremely dangerous.
Therefore, try not to let your kids watch too many today's cartoons. Make sure to keep an eye on what they are watching.
The question is: What's the main idea of the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:Everyone should only watch the past cartoon.
B:A large number of kids are crazy about cartoons now.
C:All the cartoons are bad for kids to grow healthily today.
D:Parents should stop their kids watching too many today's cartoons.The Netherlands is a small country on the North Sea. From any place in the country, the farthest point is never more than 350 kilometers away. It takes only a little more than four hours to travel by train from Vlissingen, in the southwest, to Groningen, in the northeast.
More than 16 million people live there. Most of the people in the Netherlands live in the west of the country. The four largest cities, Amsterdam, Rotterdam, The Hague, and Utrecht, are there. Amsterdam is the capital, but The Hague is the seat of govemment.
The Netherlands is sometimes called Holland, because an area in the west of the Netherlands used to be called Holland. The name lives on in the names of two Dutch provinces: North Holland and South Holland. The language spoken in the Netherlands is Dutch. In the province of Friesland, Frisian is also spoken. That is a separate  ( )  language, which is a little bit like English.
The question is: The Netherlands is also called  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:Holland
B:Dutch
C:Friesland
D:UtrechtMr. Smith is an old man. He is very kind, so many people like him. He likes traveling. But he has a problem, he can't see clearly.
One day he came to New York to visit his best friend. But his friend wasn't at home. So he had to find a hotel to live in.
In the afternoon he went to buy two bottles of wine. When he came back to his room, he found a fly   was on the wall. But he thought it was a snail, so he put bottles on it. Of course, it came down to the floor and they broke. He had to buy another two bottles.
The waiter in the hotel knew this, then she put a snail into the wall.
When he came back, he looked up at the wall and found the fly was there again. So he walked carefully and hit it hard. At once he cried loudly.
The question is: How many bottles of wine did Mr. Smith buy?
The possible answers are:
A:one
B:two
C:three
D:FourAmericans usually eat three meals a day. Breakfast usually comes before eight o'clock in the morning. They usually have eggs, some meat, bread, fruit juice and coffee. Lunch is between twelve and one o'clock. It is like a light meal and working people must take lunch with them or get it near workplace.
Children in school take sandwiches, fruit, and cookies with them or eat in school. Supper, the main meal, is between six and eight in the evening. People cook it carefully. They may have meat or chicken, turkey and duck. They may all have potatoes or rice, vegetables or salad. The drink is coffee, tea or milk. Then comes the dessert.
The question is: _  is the most important meal in a day.
The possible answers are:
A:Breakfast
B:Lunch
C:Meals
D:SupperHave you been asked for money by some disabled beggars   while you're enjoying shopping? Do you have any pity on them who are so poor and lonely or do you just feel afraid of their terrible shapes? As one of the most special groups, disabled people's living conditions -- not only their material   conditions, but their mental   world -- really need improvement.
The treatment for disabled people should go like this: First, don't look down upon them. Don't be afraid of looking at the terrible shapes of the disabled. Try to treat them _ . Because they are a part of the society  ,we cant discard   them. The second is to help them as much as we could. If you can be a volunteer and do some work for the disabled people, that would be very nice. That does help not only to the disabled people but also to yourself because you will feel good after your kind action.
If every one of us gives a little love, the world will become a beautiful wonderland!
The question is: From the passage, we can see that  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:disabled people are poor, but they are happy
B:all disabled people ask for money from those who are shopping
C:disabled people's living conditions are not good
D:no one would like to help disabled beggarsBoth the young and the old may feel lonely. A three-year-old child will feel lonely when it is left alone, and an old man over eighty years old is often afraid to live alone, too.
Some people feel lonely because they may not have enough time to make friends. Not only the quiet, shy people may feel lonely. Some people are active and outgoing, but they are sometimes afraid to talk and make friends with others. They always try to hold other people away from them. They may seem to have lots of friends, but inside they are hurting.
Are you lonely? If your answer is "yes", you may need to work hard enough! Here are some tips to think about:
To be wanted and needed is a big answer to loneliness. Is there any way you can help other people? Try to do something helpful for others even if you are very busy. By helping other people, we find friends and lose loneliness.
Do you have an interest or hobby? Find a group of people with this interest and join them.
Live in the real world! The world on the Internet is not a real world and it is very different from the real life. The students asleep in class are mostly those who often surf the net through the night. As a result, they'll get lost in the real world.
Don't wait for someone to phone, or write, or email you, you call them. And if they seem too busy, it doesn't mean you are not welcome. Try another time!
When you've done anything wrong to other people, don't be too proud to say sorry. You must do that even if you find it hard to open your mouth.
The question is: If you don't want to be lonely, you should   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:never help others
B:find some people with the same interest and join them
C:surf the net all the time
D:wait for someone to call youPaula   Monday  Tuesday Wednesday   Thursday    Friday
get up  7:10a.m.    7:10a.m.    7:10a.m.    7:10a.m.    7:10a.m.
morning school  school  school  school  school
lunch   pizza   rice    rice    rice    rice
afternoon   Yo--yo  Table tennis    Table tennis    Table tennis    football
evening homework    homework    television  homework    clothes
Go to sleep 10:15p.m.   10:15p.m.   10:15p.m.   10:15p.m.   10:15p.m.
The question is: Pizza is a kind of   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:drink
B:fruit
C:toy
D:foodScience fiction is a popular kind of writing, and many people think of Jules Verne as the father of science fiction. He was born in France in 1828. His father wanted him to become a lawyer , but when he was about twenty years old, Verne decided to become a writer. At first he wrote plays for the theater. Then, in 1863, he wrote a story called Five Weeks in a Balloon. The success of this book encouraged him to write more stories such as A Journey to the Center of the Earth(1864) and From the Earth to the Moon(1865).
In the 19th century, many people were interested in science and inventions. Jules Verne wrote about scientific subjects in his stories and, as a result, they were very popular. Verne's writing included many predictions  for the 20th century and many of them came true. He described space flight, movies, and air conditioning, a long time before they appeared. These books were very successful and they made Verne rich.
Jules Verne's books have been the subjects for many movies. 20,000 Leagues Under the Sea was a successful movie for Walt Disney. It was the first Disney movie to use real actors instead of cartoon drawings. Around the World in Eighty Days is another famous movie based on one of Verne's books. The main character is an Englishman called Phileas Fogg. For him, the most important thing is to be always on time!
The question is: What encouraged Jules Verne to write more stories?
The possible answers are:
A:The success of Five Weeks in a Balloon.
B:The encouragement from his father.
C:The plays he wrote for the theater.
D:The encouragement from his friends.How much sleep do we need? We are all different. Some people need only three hours of sleep a night. Others need ten hours of sleep a night. Most Americans sleep an average   of seven to eight hours a night. After the age of fifty the average sleep time goes down to 6.5 hours a night.
Most people have a bad night when they can not sleep. About one in three Americans has a problem with sleep. Many of these people can not fall sleep. This problem is called   insomnia. This is not a new problem. Many famous people in history had insomnia. Some of these people had special   ideas to another to make them sleep. Benjaming Franklin, the famous stateman   and inventor  ,had four beds. He moved from one to another to fall asleep. King Lousis XIV of France had 13 beds and hoped that he could fall asleep in one of them. Mark Twain, the famous American writer, had a different way. He lay on his side on the end of the bed!
The question is: People need  _   sleep as they get older.
The possible answers are:
A:more
B:less
C:no
D:littleEnvironmental pollution is the biggest problem for human being today. We all know that the environment includes the earth,water, plants and animals.If they are polluted or hurt, oour life can also be harmed.
It is true that more and more trees are being cutting down. The earth is becoming warmer. If the problem continues, the world will become a desert, and people will have no place to live.
The smoke produced by cars, factories and homes is polluting the air. _ gas is letting off into the air , too. The polluted air make people sick.
Then there is the sound pollution. Our world is not quiet, even at night, because of the noise made by cars and people's daily life. Too much noise has a bad influence on our hearing. It has been reported that many people in a village near an airport have lost their hearing because of the noise made by planes.
The water and the earth we are living on have also been polluted. The rubbish people throw away and the waste water poured by factories make the water and the soil polluted. When we drink dirty water or eat crops planted on polluted soil, we can get sick easily.
Just imagine what will happen if this continues. I 'm sure it won't be a pleasant result.
The question is: The best title of this passage is  _
The possible answers are:
A:what is the air pollution
B:the harm of the soil pollution
C:the environmental pollution.
D:how to deal with the environmental pollution.In Japan,Luffy is more popular than Harry Potter.Luffy is the main _ of One Piece <<>> ). The book came out in 1997.
One Piece tells the adventures of Monkey D.Luffy,a 17-year-old boy.He got supernatural abilities  by eating magical fruit.Luffy's dream is to find the world's biggest treasure , One piece.  Then he wants to become the next Pirate  King.
To make his dream come true,Luffy has to reach the end of the most dangerous ocean:the Grand Line .Luffy travels with a group of brave pirates called the Straw Hats.On his way,more people join the group.They even have a cook,a soldier and a musician.They also fight with other pirates on their way.
Many Chinese teenagers are One Piece fans.Yang Peiqi,14,from Shenzhen says he thinks reading One Piece is great fun and he also likes the theme of the story,- dreams and friends.
The question is: Which of the following is not true?
The possible answers are:
A:The Straw Hats is a group of pirates.
B:Yang Peiqi is a fan of One Piece.
C:Luffy wants to find One Piece.
D:In China,Luffy is more popular than Harry Potter.As one of the most well-known of the fantasy languages invented for science fiction film, television and book, and developed by J.R.R. Tolkien himself, Elvish is made up with several thousand words and different sentence structures.
Constructed languages   like Elvish are real languages, made up of thousands of words created by fantasy writers, linguists and fans, with real language rules. While a widespread vocabulary is advantageous to a constructed language, there is a key differentiator   we can see between just a lot of words and real language: Grammar.
Grammar is what makes constructed languages like Elvish learnable by everyday superfans. Superfans of The Lord of the Rings have built websites and created dictionaries, apps and translators, to teach Elvish. They have also created online clubs where fans can discuss and even create new words based on the already existing vocabulary, and continue to study the language.
So what does it take to be a master of Elvish?
In learning Elvish, there are a couple of grammatical rules similar to those of the English language. For example, in order to make a verb past tense in English, you have to add an -ed, making wash, washed. Similarly in Elvish, in order to change the word for wash, which is allu, to the past tense then you have to add an -ne to the word. So washed is then translated to allune in past tense.
Nouns in Elvish are different in the way that the noun changes depending on how it's used in a sentence, just like in Latin or Russian. For example, the word head in Elvish is CAS. However, if you duck your head, then the word changes to CARA. When mentioning something in your head, then it changes to CASSE. Tolkien's attention to detail in creating the fantasy world used in The Lord of the Rings and The Hobbit, complete with multiple functioning   invented languages, has attracted readers and movie viewers these years.
Elvish is only one of the many magical languages developed by J.R.R. Tolkien. Creating language for fantasy has proven to add to viewers and readers experiences. By transplanting their imagination to a new world, fans are able to learn the new language and speak Elvish with each other, much like their favorite characters.
The question is: The best title for this passage might be   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:Elvish, a Magical Language
B:J.R.R. Tolkien, a Great Writer
C:The Hobbit, a Wonderful Film
D:Language, a Way to CommunicateI had a very special teacher in high school many years ago. Her husband died of a heart attack. About a week after his death, she shared some of her insights with us.
The class was nearly over. She said, "Before class is over, I would like to share with all of you an important thought."
"Each of us is put here on Earth to learn, share, love, enjoy and give all by ourselves. We must make the best of every single day."
Her eyes were beginning to water and she went on, "So I would like you all to make me a promise. From now on, on your way to school, or on your way home, find something beautiful to notice. It doesn't have to be something you see -- it could be a nice smell -- perhaps of freshly baked bread, or it could be the sound of the breeze slightly blowing the leaves in the trees."
"Please look for these things, and love them. For, although it may seem common, these things are the stuff of life. They are the little things we are put here on Earth to enjoy. They are the things we often take for granted. We must make it a point to notice them, for at any time it can all be taken away."
The class was completely quiet. We picked up our books and went out of the room silently. That afternoon, I noticed more things on my way home from school than I had that whole term.
I usually think of that teacher and try to enjoy all of those things that we sometimes overlook  .
Take notice of something special you see during your lunch hour today. Walk barefoot along the beach at sunset. For as we get older, it is not the things we did that we regret , but the things we didn't do.
The question is: What happened to the teacher's husband?
The possible answers are:
A:He was ill.
B:He died of a heart attack.
C:He made a promise.
D:He became a teacher, too.Peter was walking in the street with two big and heavy boxes. A stranger  walked up to him and asked, "What is the time?"
Peter stopped, put down the boxes and looked at his watch. "It's five fifteen," he said. "Hey, what a nice watch!" said the stranger. Peter smiled a little and said, "Yes, it's not bad. Look at this." Then he showed the stranger the time for 86 big cities in the world.
He hit a few buttons  and it told the time in Chinese. Peter went on ," You can set  it in English, Chinese, Japanese and so on."
The stranger looked very interested in the watch.
"That's not all," said Peter. He then pushed a few more buttons and there was a small map appeared  on the watch. "The map can show where we are," said Peter.
"I want to buy this watch!" said the stranger.
"Oh, no, I' m not selling it. I designed it myself. I spent nearly two years making it." said Peter.
"Oh, you are the designer. I'll give you $ 1,000 for it!" "Oh, no, I spent more than that."
"I'll give you $ 5,000 for it!" Peter stopped to think. The stranger quickly gave him a check  and said ,"$ 5,000. Here it is."
Peter finally agreed  to sell the watch. When the stranger was going to leave with the watch, Peter pointed  to the two big boxes and said, "Hey, wait a minute. Don' t forget your batteries ."
The question is: The stranger paid   _   for the watch.
The possible answers are:
A:nothing
B:$ 5,000
C:$ 1,000
D:$ 4,000Rose is an American school girl. She is now in Beijing with her parents.
It's Sunday morning. Rose gets up early in the morning. After breakfast her parents take her to the zoo. They go to see the pandas and other animals. The pandas live only in China. There are not any pandas in America. So they like the pandas best. Outside the zoo gate there is a picture. It's a picture of a panda with "Welcome". In the zoo, Rose sees not only pandas but also many other animals.
A panda is round and fat. It looks like a ball. It always moves slowly like a ball rolling  . There are also elephants. The elephant is the biggest animal on land. There are many monkeys on the hill. Some of them are sitting in the trees. Some are picking nuts. And the others are running or climbing up the trees. Rose and her parents have a good time in the zoo.
The question is: Many monkeys are   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:sitting in the trees
B:picking nuts
C:running or climbing up the tree
D:A, B and CIn every country, there are thousands of people who want to help out. Many join organizations run   by their governments, for example, the Peace Corps in the United States and Voluntary Service Overseas in Britain. Since the powerful   earthquake took place in Sichuan, more than 200 thousand volunteers across China have been helping there! They do all kinds of work or come up with ways to help improve life. Some offer their professional skills for free. Others have no qualifications  , but they love to work hard to help.
One of the most famous volunteers in the world was Mother Teresa. She could be the best volunteer because she gave her life to helping the poorest people of Calcutta. She helped the homeless, cared for the sick, gave out food, and became the mother of those without families.
Now more and more teenagers actively look for volunteering opportunities, too. They volunteer because they think it will be fun or they will learn something. They also like the idea of being helpful to others, even if it is just handing out books for the teacher. As they get older, these reasons are still the same, but there are other important reasons for volunteering such as learning on-the-job, getting work experience, and improving their social life.
All volunteers bring joy to the people they help in so many ways. They might read books to the blind, fix up broken homes, find ways to get water for villages. Could you be a volunteer? What kind of volunteer work could you do? There is someone in the world who needs you.
The question is: What is the main idea of this passage?
The possible answers are:
A:The world needs volunteers.
B:Mother Teresa was a great volunteer.
C:Volunteers do all kinds of work.
D:There are different ways of volunteering.Friends are very important in our everyday life. Everyone needs friends. We all like to feel close to someone. It is nice to have a friend to talk, laugh and do things with. Certainly, sometimes we need to be alone. We don't always want people around. But we would feel lonely if we never had a friend.
No two people are just the same. Friends sometimes don't get on well. That doesn't mean that they no longer like each other. Most of the time they will make it up and become friends again.
Sometimes friends move away. Then we feel very sad. We miss them very much but we can call them or write to them. We can also make new friends. It is encouraging to find out how much we like new people when we get to know them.
There's more good news for people who have friends. They live longer than people who don't. Why? Friends can make us feel happy. Being happy helps you stay well. If someone cares about you, you will take better care of yourself.
The question is: If we can't see our friends for a long time, we   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:no longer love them.
B:don't get on well.
C:can call them or write to them.
D:will take better care of ourselves.Dear Jenny,
I'm very busy on Friday. At 8: 00 I have math. It is not fun. The teacher says it is useful, but I think it is difficult. Then at 9: 00 I have science. It is difficult but interesting. At 10: 00 I have history. After that I have P. E. at 11: 00. It's easy and fun. Lunch is from 12: 00 to 1: 00, and after that we have Chinese. It is my favourite subject. Our Chinese teacher, Mr. Wang, is great fun. My classes finish at 1: 50, but after that I have an art lesson for two hours. It is really relaxing!
How about you? When are your classes? What is your favourite subject?
Your friend,
Yu Mei
The question is: What's Yu Mei's favourite subject?
The possible answers are:
A:Math.
B:Science.
C:Chinese.
D:P.E.Online English Web Sites
* www.english-zone.com----A site teaching English grammar; vocabulary and reading skills. Also lots of jokes.
* www.theenglishprofessor.com----ESL (="English" as a second language) links. "Learning English free" is its slogan. Very good at helping students improve their writing skills.
* www.globalstudy .com/est----Directory   of "English as a Second Language" web sites in the United States; Canada; Australia; New Zealand; Great Britain and Ireland.
* www.netsurflearning.com----A free English course using materials from the web and catering   for all levels. You can improve all kinds of language skills there.
* www.rg-chonang.com----Hundreds of ESL links for you to go to.
* www.wfi.fr/volterre/weblinklearners.html----A wide variety of English language resources links.
The question is: What can you get from the web site "www.english-zone.com"?
The possible answers are:
A:Some sweet music.
B:Some information about Australia.
C:Many web sites to learn English.
D:Some jokes.Chicago is next to a beautiful lake, Lake Michigan. In the summer Lake Michigan is  warm and blue .People lie on the beaches and swim in the water. In the winter Lake Michigan is  cold and gray .Snow covers the beaches, and ice covers the water.
On a cold January day, a little boy and his father were playing in the snow on Chicago beach. The boy was Jimrsy Tontlewicx. He was four years old .Several Minutes went by .The father still couldn't find Jimmy. Firemen arrived .Twenty minutes later they found Jimmy and pulled him out of the water. Jimmy was not breathing, and his heart was not beating . He was dead. At the beach paramedics worked on Jimmy for an hour . He began to breathe , and his  heart began to beat . The paramedics rushed Jimmy to the hospital.Doctors at the hospital put Jimmy in bed .They put him on a cold mattress  because they wanted his body to warm up slowly. They gave him some medicine because they wanted him to sleep .After six weeks in the hospital he got better ,Then he went to another hospital. He stayed there for seven weeks .He began to walk ,talk ,and play again.
Jimmy was in the water for more than 20 minutes . He couldn't breathe in the water . He couldn't get any oxygen .But today he is alive and healthy. How is it possible? Jimmy is alive because the water was ice cold. Usually the brain needs a lot of oxygen .But when it's very cold , the brain slows down. It does not need much oxygen .So the ice cold water saved Jimmy . Jimmy's father has another reason  .He says ,"Jimmy is alive today because he is a fighter . "
The question is: The story happened in   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:January
B:February
C:November
D:DecemberIt seems that everywhere around the world, people are spending more time at work and less time with their families and friends.People are busier than ever before.
In the past in many countries,the father worked and the mother stayed at home, took care of the children, and did the food shopping,cooking,and cleaning.At present in most of the families,parents need to work on weekends,so they both have to do the shopping,cooking,and cleaning in their free time.Parents don't have much time with their children,however,they often had time in the past.There are also many single parent families.In these families,the single parent has to do everything.
These days,many children come home from school to an empty apartment or house.A lot of children spend many hours each day in front of the television.Even when families are together,it is common for family members to do things by themselves.For example,they watch programs on their own TVs in different rooms,they use the Internet,they talk with friends on the telephone,and they do other things by themselves.
Isn't it strange?Thanks to technology,people are able to communicate so easily with people far away,but sometimes they don't communicate with people in their own homes.
The question is: Everywhere around the world people are   _    than the past.
The possible answers are:
A:happier
B:lazier
C:busier
D:healthierIn England, some food companies across the whole country have been told to carry out urgent   tests on all beef products. Do you know why? That's because some food companies used horsemeat to make beef products.
There are some examples about the horsemeat matter. In January, 2013, in a number of UK supermarkets, frozen hamburgers were found to have _ of horsemeat in them. Some frozen beef products made by food company FINDUS were found to contain horsemeat. All of the beef products made by this company have been removed from sale.
The government said that there's nothing to suggest any health risk from the products. Food minister David Heath said people should not throw away frozen meat products and carry on eating meat. The government will tell people not to eat meat if the meat is not safe.
Food safety has been an important matter all over the world. More and more countries plan to take some useful measures to ensure the safety of food.
,.
The question is: What else did some food companies use to make beef products in England according to the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:Horsemeat.
B:Beef.
C:Fish.
D:Chicken.My name is Jane. I am from Shanghai, China. I want to have a pen pal in London. London is a big city. I am thirteen years old and my birthday is February 22nd. I like to listen to music and read books after school. My favourite subject in school is art. It's fun and interesting. I don't like math. It's too _ .
The question is: After school, she likes to   _
The possible answers are:
A:listen to music
B:read books
C:listen to music and read books
D:go swimmingAre you aged between 14 and 19 years old? Do you care about your local environment?Would you like to help make the area you live in better, cleaner, safer and more friendly? If your answers are "yes", "yes" and "yes", then read on! You may be surprised to hear that you can actually get money for improving your local community.
The "Big Lottery " is giving money to a group of teenagers who want to become active citizens. We're looking for young people to take part in projects near to where they live.
Here are a few easy things you could do to get started:
Meeting the neighbors
Everybody needs good neighbors. Knock on people's doors and find out what they would like to improve in your area. If you don't want to go round to their houses, then you could always put a note through their doors.
Neighborhood watch
Neighborhood watch plans are very popular in the UK. If you go away on holiday and leave your house, it's very nice to know that a neighbor is keeping an eye on it. It's a good way to make the area you live in safe.
Lending a hand
There are often elderly people living in the neighborhood who may not be able to do the things that you can do. You can offer to do their shopping once a week, look after their gardens for them or maybe walk their dogs!
So, go on...Just tell us what kind of project you want to become involved in, then we'll send you more details. Take active action and help make your neighborhood a better place to live in.
The question is: If a neighbor is keeping an eye on your house, it means he   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:wants to look at your house.
B:watches if there is something bad happening to your house.
C:is keeping an eye with you.
D:pays attention to your family membersAll living things on the earth need other living things to live. Nothing lives alone. Most animals must live in a group, and even a plant grows close together with others of the same kind. Sometimes one living thing kills another, one eats and the other is eaten. Each kind of life eats another kind of life in order to live, and together they create a food chain  . Some food chains are simple, while others are not. But all food chains begin with the sun, and all food chains become broken up if one of the links   disappears.
All life needs sunlight to live on. But only plants can use sunlight directly. Plants are 'factories'. They make food from sunlight, water and things in the soil   and air. Plants feed all other living things. Animals can only use the sun's energy after it has been changed into food by plants. Some animals feed directly on plants, others eat smaller animals. Meat-eating animals are only eating plants indirectly.
What about humans? We are members of many food chains. We eat rice, vegetables, and fruits and so on. We also eat meat and drink milk. But we often break up the food chains. We kill wild animals and also make rivers, lakes and seas polluted. When these rivers, lakes and seas are polluted, the fish in them can not be eaten. If we eat the fish, we will get strange illnesses.
Each form of life is linked   to all others. Breaking the links puts all life in danger.
The question is: Which living things can use the sun's energy directly?
The possible answers are:
A:Animals.
B:Plants.
C:Animals and plants.
D:All living things.Everybody wants to be healthy.You know food is very important.There is much healthy food.You can have more bananas,apples,oranges and tomatoes because fruit and vegetables are good for you.But don't eat too much chocolate.It's not healthy food.Healthy food can make you grow and make you strong and happy.Remember there is a saying,"An apple a day keeps a doctor away."Sports can also keep you healthy.Get up early and do some sports every day.Don't be lazy !You will be healthy and happy.
The question is: "An apple a day keeps a doctor away"means :  _
The possible answers are:
A:The doctor goes away when he sees an apple.
B:You eat an apple every day and you can be healthy.
C:The doctor runs away when you give him an apple.
D:You want to be a doctor.Hello, I'm Severn Suzuki speaking for E.C.O.--The Environmental Children's Organization.
We are a group of twelve and thirteen-year-olds from Canada trying to make a difference.
Vanessa Suttie, Morgan Geisler, Michelle Quigg and me. We raised all the money ourselves to come six thousand miles to tell you adults you must change your ways. Coming here today, I have no hidden agenda. I am fighting for my future.
I am here to speak on behalf of the starving   children around the world whose cries go unheard.
I am here to speak for the countless animals dying across this planet because they have nowhere left to go.
I am afraid to go out in the sun now because of the holes in the ozone  . I am afraid to breathe the air because I don't know what chemicals   are in it.
I used to go fishing in Vancouver with my dad until just a few years ago we found the fish full of cancers. And now we hear about animals and plants going _ every day.
In my life, I have dreamt of seeing the great herds of wild animals, jungles and rainforests full of birds and butterflies, but now I wonder if they will even exist   for my children to see.
Did you have to worry about these little things when you were my age?
All this is happening before our eyes and yet we act as if we have all the time we want and all the solutions  . I'm only a child and I don't have all the solutions, but I want you to realize, neither do you!
The question is: The Environmental Children's Organization is made up of a group of  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:twenty and thirty-year-olds from Canada
B:twenty and thirty-year-olds from America
C:twelve and thirteen-year-olds from Canada
D:twelve and thirteen-year-olds from AmericaDo you like traveling? Have you traveled to Los Angeles? Have you traveled to the moon? A rich man plans to live on Mars. Is it the beginning of a science fiction novel? In fact, it happens in the real world. Elon Musk is the founder and CEO of a private spaceflight  company. He has said his plan is to live on the planet. He says he plans to live on Mars with a group of fewer than ten people. He will take them on a rocket powered  by liquid oxygen  and methane . Each one should pay $ 500,000 to fly there.
However, these passengers are not going there to travel, but they are going to work. They need to carry tools to build houses and grow crops  there.
Musk believes one person out of every 100,000 people may be interested in making the journey. Then Mars will have sixty-three thousand people in the future.
The question is: What's the population of Mars in the future?
The possible answers are:
A:630,000
B:63,000
C:6,300
D:6,300,000Bats are the only flying mammal  in the world. They can't see very well. It is long believed, in many places, that all bats are blind . "Blind as a bat" is often heard.
Yet they have no trouble flying in the darkest nights and finding their way around. How can bats fly and see at night? They fly by radar  .
The bat's radar system works the same way as the one that ships and planes use. When a bat flies through the air, it makes sounds that people can't hear. If the sounds hit things, they will come back. The bat's ears can receive the messages. In this way it can know where the things are.
Bats go out to look for food at night. In the daytime they stay in some dark places. Some people think bats are bad animals. In fact, they are useful animals.
The question is: When does the bat begin to go out to look for food?
The possible answers are:
A:In the daytime.
B:In the early morning.
C:At night.
D:In the late afternoon.Have you ever seen a horse with toes ?Millions of years ago, horses had many toes. They had four toes on each front foot. They had three toes on each back foot. The horses were no bigger than the cats.These small horses lived in the forest. The toes helped the horses run on the soft, wet ground.
At first, it was very hot in the forest. But the weather changed. It became very cold. Many trees could not live in cold weather. The trees died and fell. Open fields took the place of forests. The sun made the ground dry and hard.
Horsed began to change, too. They began to get bigger. This took a long time. On the dry, hard land, horses needed only their middle toes for running. Their middle toes became hard. After a long time, horses had only one hard toe on each foot. Now we call this hard toe a
The question is: Which is WRONG according to the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:The horses were much bigger than the cats millions of years ago.
B:The trees died and feel because the weather changed.
C:On the dry, hard land, horses needed only their middle toes for running.
D:The horses have fewer toes than before.Mr. Smith is thirty one .He is tall and heavy  , and he has short hair . He likes children and his job .He works at school and gives  the children classes from Monday to Friday .He often has much work to do , but he often plays games with his students after school .All his students like him very much .On Sunday he drives  to his parents' house and stays with his father and mother .Sometimes he goes to see his friends on Sundays .He drives back to school on Monday morning .
The question is: Mr. Smith is a  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:driver
B:reporter
C:teacher
D:doctorPeter Owen has been making wigs   since the 1980s. He has made wigs for the stars of more than seventy movies, including Tom Hanks inPhiladelphia, Johnny Depp in Sleepy Hollow, and Nicole Kidman in The Others. One of his biggest jobs so far has been designing the hair and make-up  for the three Lord of the Rings movies. He had just six weeks to design and make more than a hundred wigs, each one a different style, colour, shape and length.
The hair and make-up in a movie are just as important as the costumes  or the sets. Over the years, Peter has made actors look older, younger, healthy and sick. For one movie he even made a female actor look like a man!"What people don't realize about wigs is that we are not always making people more beautiful," he says. "Often we are covering up beauty and making them look ordinary."
All Peter's wigs are hand-made using human hair, so they look as real as possible. This also makes them very expensive--between US$4,500 and US$12,500 each! He knows he's done a good job when people don't realize the star of the movie is wearing a wig. So he was pleased when one newspaper said that Nicole Kidman had dyed  her hair dark brown for a movie. "It was a wig and no one knew that," he says.
The question is: How many wigs did Peter make for the three Lord of the Rings movies?
The possible answers are:
A:More than one hundred.
B:Seventy.
C:Sixty.
D:Three hundred.Computers are very important to modern life. Many people think that in the future computers will be used a lot in everyday's life. It is thought that we won't have to go shopping because we will be able to get most things which are sold in shops on the Internet. There will be fewer books because we will be able to get all texts from computers. The Internet will be used to play games, see films and buy food. Most telephone calls will be made by computers, too.
Some people are glad about these new ways of shopping and communicating . Others do not think that computers will replace  our old ways.
Let's take books for example. Some people think that one day we won't read books made of paper. Instead, we will buy and read books using computers. We will read texts on small pocket computers. The computers will keep many different books in them at the same time. We won't need to turn lots of pages and paper will be saved. Computerized books will be used more and more.
Is Internet shopping such a pleasure as going to the shop? Many people say it is not. It is a pleasure to go into shops and look at things you want to buy. It is also unlikely  that many people will want to read large texts on our computers. Because paper books will perhaps be more friendly. Maybe computers won't change these two habits .
The question is: Which reason for using computerized books is NOT said in the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:We won't need any paper.
B:Computers can keep many different books in them.
C:We won't have lots of pages.
D:Computerized books won't be very expensive.Hello, everyone!
My name is Winnie. I'm a 15-year-old girl. I live in the beautiful city of Rizhao.
I'm an active , lovely and clever girl. In the school my favourite subject is Math. Maybe someone thinks it's difficult to study well. But I like it. I believe  that if you try your best, everything can be done well.
I also like sports very much, such as running, volleyball and so on.
I'm kind. If you need help, please come to me.
I hope we can be good friends!
OK. This is me, a sunny girl!
The question is: Which subject is Winnie's favourite?
The possible answers are:
A:Chinese
B:Math
C:English
D:HistoryIf you are like most people ,your intelligence   changes with the seasons ,You are probably a lot sharper in the spring than you are at any other time of year . A famous scientist ,Ellsworth Huntington (1876--1947),concluded   from other men's work and his own among people in different climates that climate and temperature have an effect   on your mental abilities  .
He found that cool weather is much more favorable for creative   thinking than summer heat .This does not mean that all people are less intelligent in the summer than they are during the rest of the year. It does mean, however , that the mental abilities of large numbers of people tend to be lowest in the summer .
Spring appears to be the best period of the year for thinking One reason may be that in the spring man's mental abilities are affected by the same factors   that bring about great changes in nature .
Fall is the next-best season ,then winter .As for summer ,it seems to be a good time to take a long vacation from thinking .
The question is: According to the passage, any vacation from thinking should be taken  _   .
The possible answers are:
A:several times throughout the year
B:during the winter
C:during the summer
D:as seldom as possiblePassage 1
Captain Good fellow
Do your children enjoy interesting stories, funny games, and exciting dances?
Captain Good fellow will be ready to teach all these things to children at the City Theater on Saturday morning at 10:00, free.
Films at the Museum
Two American films will be shown on Saturday afternoon at the Museum
Theater. See Broken Window at 1:30. The Workers will be at 3:45. For further information, call 4987898.
International Picnic
Are you tired of eating the same food every day? Come to Central Park on Saturday and enjoy food from all over the world. Delicious and not expensive. Noon to 5:00 p. m.
Take me out to the Ball game
It's October, and Saturday night (7:00-9:00) is your last chance to see the Red Birds this year. Get your tickets at the gate. It might be cold. Don't forget sweaters and jackets.
Do you want to hear "The Zoo"
"The Zoo", a popular music group from Australia, will give their first U.S. concert this Saturday night, at 8:00 in Rose Hall, City College.
,.
The question is: You can eat many different foods from all over the world if you   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:go to the City Theater
B:go to the Central Park
C:buy tickets at the gate
D:go to see a movieAn old man walked slowly with a cane into the restaurant.His old jacket,worn-out shoes and warm personality made him different from the usual crowd.
A young waitress watched him move toward a table by the window.She ran over to him,and said:"Here,sir...let me help you with that chair."
Without saying a word ,he smiled and nodded a thank you.She pulled the chair away from the table and helped him sit.Then she put his cane against the table.
"Thank you.Miss."he said kindly.
"You're welcome.sir,"she said.
After he had finished his breakfast,the waitress brought him the change from his bill.He left it on the table.She helped him up and walked with him to the front door.
When she went to clean his table,she found a business card under his plate and a note on a napkin .Under the napkin was a l00-dollar bill.
The note on the napkin read:"Dear miss,I respect you very much and I can see you respect yourself,too. It shows by the way you treat others.You have found the secret of happiness.Your kindness will shine through to all those who meet you."
The man she had served  was the owner of the restaurant where she worked.This was the first time that she or any of the other workers had ever seen him in person.
The question is: What do we know about the waitress and the old man?
The possible answers are:
A:The waitress knew the old man before she served him.
B:It was the first time that the waitress had ever seen the owner of her restaurant.
C:The old man wanted to have the waitress as his wife.
D:From the note,the waitress knew that the old man was the happiest man in the world.American schools begin in September after a long summer holiday. There're two terms in a school year. The first term is from September to January, and the second term is from February to June. Most American children begin to go to school when they're five years old. Most students are seventeen or eighteen years old when they finish high school.
High school students take only five or six subjects each term. They usually go to the same classes every day, and they have homework for every class. After class, they do a lot of interesting things.
After high school, many students go to college . They usually have to pay a lot of money. So, many college students work after class to get money for their studies.
The question is: Most American children go to school at the age of   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:five
B:seven
C:eighteen
D:seventeenHave you ever heard of the group Westlife? Maybe you have, but I'm sure many of you don't know very much about it.
Westlife is an Irish boy band group, which was made up of 6 boys in the beginning and called IOU. The group quickly became popular with young people thanks to their song Swear It Again, which was at the top of the UK charts   in April 1999.
Chinese fans got their first chance to see Westlife on March 6th, 2006 in Beijing. Although the four-member group has been singing pop for seven years, the young boys have all since grown up and their songs are still very popular. When they performed in Beijing, Westlife released   their new album Face to Face in China. Face to Face has been at the top of the British charts for a long time. The album's most popular song You Raise Me Up mixes traditional Irish music with pop music.
Although hip-hop is quite popular among the young, Westlife has no plans to change. They said, "Hip-hop is for the young, but pop can be enjoyed by moms who are busy cooking meals and raising the kids.
The question is: The number of people in the group   _   between 1999 and 2006.
The possible answers are:
A:went from 6 to 4
B:went from 4 to 6
C:went from 5 to 4
D:didn't changeIf someone asks you, "What do you usually do with your QQ?'' You may say, "I just chat ."
Niu Lianzhong teaches PE in a middle school and he sets up  a QQ group. However, his purpose  is not to chat or show himself. He doesn't want to do anything for fun, either. He just wants more people to know the QQ group. He hopes to help others and now he saves more than 400 people's lives.
We all know there are four blood types-A, B, AB, and O. But in fact, a few people's blood types are very special . Niu is just one of them. Since he sets up his QQ group, more than 100 special-blooded people in China join in it. Now, when a patient or a hospital needs some special blood, they just call Niu for help. And Niu contacts his members of the QQ group quickly.
Till now, he has donated his blood for about 20 times. Niu hopes that more people will join his group to help others.
The question is: How many people does he help in all ?
The possible answers are:
A:Over 400 people.
B:Around 100 people.
C:About 50 people.
D:20 people.Online shopping has become something very common for young people, however, it's not easy for the old people to buy things on the internet. Therefore, offline Daigou stores, or buy-for-you stores, are becoming popular among the old.
64-year-old man Li Hui'an is searching for his favorite CD in an offline Daigou shop. He says, "It's very convenient to buy things online, however, I can't use the internet. After I happened to find this buy-for-you shop, I decided to try, as I wanted to buy an opera CD. Finally I got one I'd searched for several years. I was so happy. I have become crazy about offline shopping. "
The store owner Liu Min says in order to meet the need of people who want to buy things online but can't use the internet, she started the business of offline buy-for-you. In only about ten days since the start of the business, she has received more than 20 orders from customers  . Liu Min is not the only one who finds the large need of offline buy-for-you business in the market. In Dalian city, northeast China, more than 300 such stores opened their doors only in April.
In order to attract more customers, they have opened their shops in residential communities  . And they charge a suitable service fee. For example, when buying things that cost less than 200 Yuan for customers, they usually charge 5 Yuan as service fee.
Though the offline buy-for-you service makes it easier for certain people to shop online, what if there is any problem with the ordered thing, let's say, like a quality problem? The shop owners say they will deal with any quality problems that may happen when using their Daigou service.
The question is: Why do many old people like offline shopping?
The possible answers are:
A:They don't like going shopping.
B:They are good at buying things on the internet.
C:They don't like buying things online themselves.
D:Offline shopping makes it easier for them to shop online.Beijing, Shanghai, Guangzhou and other big cities are exciting places to live. There are many interesting things to see and to do. You can go to different kinds of museums, plays and movies. You can also go to supermarkets to buy things from all over the world. But there are serious problems in big cities, too. The cost of living is high, and there are too many people in some big cities. Every year many people move to the cities because there are more chances to find jobs, to study at good schools, and to receive good medical care. But sometimes these people cannot find work or a good place to live. Also, too many people in a small space make it hard to keep the cities safe and clean.
Some people enjoy living in big cities. Others do not. Before people move to big cities, they should think about the problems of living there.
The question is: In this passage the writer tells us  _
The possible answers are:
A:to move to a big city
B:not to move to a big city
C:not to move to a big city without thinking about the problems there
D:not to think too much about the problems before moving to a big cityIt is reported that some developed countries have shipped broken parts of computers to China. Such a thing can be founded every day although it is against international laws. Last month Hong Kong officers found 131,000 kilograms of broken computers, TVs and phones sent from Japan.
Things like these are called electronic waste, or e-waste. Dealing with them is not an easy job because dangerous poison like mercury  and lead   can be found in them. Every time an old computer breaks down, it needs to be dealt with safely. But at present, broken computer parts are usually _ . It may be hundreds of years before they are really goes in the earth.
Many places in China are polluted by e-waste. Guiyu in Guangdong province is one of them. This town is named as "the e-waste capital of the world". It has to deal with 1.5 million kilograms of e-waste each year, from which it makes 75 million years. But it comes at a cost. Many of the poison in e-waste find their way into the environment. Plastic is burned outdoors and chemical water is poured into rivers, Greenpeace, an environmental group, has found the air, the earth and the rivers in Guiyu badly polluted.
The Chinese government wants the country to develop, but in a way that doesn't do harm to the environment and people's life. This year, China presents a new protection law, the strictest one we have ever had. Computer companies like Lenovo and Dell will be asked to take back their old computers. This is because the companies that make computers know best to deal with them safely. Hopefully, the problem with e-waste will be solved in the near future.
The question is: The e-waste found in Hong Kong last month was from  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:France
B:Japan
C:Germany
D:AustraliaLong long ago, there was a man who lived in a village.  One day, he went to a market and did some shopping. He suddenly found two boxes. Both the two boxes were very beautiful and the man fell in love with them at the first sight. So he bought them.
After he got home, he didn't know how to use the boxes. He thought it over and decided to do something special. He decided to put all of his happiness in the yellow box and all of his sadness in the black box. He thought that it was funny to do that.
A few days later, the yellow box was very heavy, but the black box was still light. He didn't know why. He decided to open the two boxes and found out the truth. He opened the yellow box and found nothing. Then he opened the black box and saw a hole at the bottom.
Then he smiled to himself and said, "Happiness is for me. Let sadness go."
The question is: He put his happiness into  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:the red box
B:the yellow box
C:the black box
D:the white boxThe world is full of amazing things. Today, I'm going to talk about something amazing.
We have lots of things to do every day, so many of us will be tired after a busy day. They all choose sleeping to have a rest. But do you know that sleeping can consume  many calories. The energy consumed is even more than watching TV. If you want to have a good health, I think you can't sleep too much.
Do you like animals? There are a lot of surprising things they can do. Goldfish are a lovely kind of fish. Most goldfish have quite a short life -- only 6 to 7 years. Once, the goldfish called Freb had a very long life. It lived up to 41 years. It was the oldest goldfish in the world. Now if people take good care of the goldfish, they can live more than 10 years. Animals are our friends. We should know more about them and give them a good home. Do you have any interesting stories about amazing things? If so, tell us. Let's share them together.
The question is: If we take good care of goldfish,   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:we can live longer
B:they can make you rich
C:they will die soon
D:they can live longerPaper was not made in southern Europe until the year of 1100.Thouth Scandinavia now makes a great deal of the world's paper, it had not begun to make it until 1500. It was a German named Schaeffer who found out that one could make paper from wood. After that, forest countries, such as Canada, Sweden, Norway, Finland and the United States, became important in paper making. Today in Finland, for example, no industry is bigger than the forest industry. And the paper industry is the most important part of it.
Modern paper-making machines are very big, and they make paper very fast. The biggest machines can make a piece of paper 750 meters long and six meters wide in one minute.
When we think of paper, we think of newspapers, books, letters, envelopes , and writing paper. But there are many other uses. Each year, more and more things are made of paper. We have had paper cups, plates, and dishes for a long time. But now we hear that chairs, a tables and even beds can be made of paper. The newest thing made of paper in the world may be a paper house. It is not a small house for children to play in, but a real, big house for people to live in. it is not expensive. You can put up a paper house yourself in a few hours, and you can use it for about 5 years.
,.
The question is: When was paper made in Europe?
The possible answers are:
A:The year 1500.
B:The year 1400.
C:The year 1200.
D:The year 1100.For many people the subject of hiccups   is a joke, but for Harry Mendes, a fifteen-year-old schoolboy from Birmingham, it was something quite different.
His hiccups began one Sunday lunch time and continued day and night for two weeks. After the first week, Harry's parents took him to hospital, but it took another week for the doctors to cure his attack.
Harry, who is now back at school, described what happened to him.
"When I began to hiccup, I drank a glass of water but that didn't do any good. That evening I had hiccups every four seconds. We tried everything to stop them. I held my breath and drank cold drinks. My father even tried to give me a shock but that didn't work either."
After a week of sleepless nights, he went to hospital. The doctors took an X-ray of his chest but they couldn't find anything wrong.
"They gave me some medicine and my hiccups slowed down, but it was another week before the medicine worked completely and my hiccups stopped."
Harry was very lucky. The world record holder is the American farmer Charles Osborne, who hiccupped for sixty-eight years. He stopped in 1990 at last, but nobody knows why.
The question is: His hiccups completely stopped one week after the doctor   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:gave him some medicine
B:took an X-ray of his chest
C:gave him a shock
D:let him drink cold drinksWe know that many animals do not stay ill one place. Birds, fish and other animals move from one place to another at a certain time. They move for different reasons: most of them move to find food more easily, but others move to get away from places that are too crowed.
When cold weather comes, many birds move to warmer places to find food. Some fishes give birth in warm water and move to cold water to feed. The most famous migration   is probably the migration of the fish, which is called "salmon" . This fish is born in fresh water but it travels many miles to salt water. There it spends its life. When it is cold, it returns to its birthplace in fresh water. Then it gives birth and dies there. In northern Europe, there is a kind of mouse. They leave their mountain homes when they become too crowded. They move down to the low land. Sometimes they move all the way to the seaside, and many of them are killed when they fall into the sea.
Recently, scientists have studied the migration of a kind lobster  . Every year, when the season of bad weather arrives, the lobster get into a long time and start to walk across tile floor of the ocean. Nobody knows why they do this, and nobody knows where they go.
So, sometimes we know why humans and animals move from one place to another, but at other times we don't. Maybe living things just like to travel.
,.
The question is: What is the main idea of the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:Animals move in order to find food more easily.
B:The migration of the fish called "Salmon" is the most famous migration.
C:Living things move from one place to another because they like to travel.
D:Sometimes we know why and how living things move from one place to another, but sometimes we don't.A city without cars would be very strange, right? But Venice is such a city.
Venice is in the northeast of Italy. It wasn't built on land, like Beijing or Shanghai, but on more than 110 islands. Seawater is everywhere around the city.
Even so, travel isn't difficult. The waterways have always been the best ways to get around. There are 117 waterways and more than 400 bridges that can guide you where you want to go.People in Venice move from place to place by boat. They like to enjoy the scenery and cool summer nights while taking boat trips. They can talk to other people as they go along.
Venice grew out of small islands in saltwater lakes when some Italians escaped from a war more than 1,500 years ago, and built homes there.
Water makes the city special, but it is also a big problem.
Once, people used too much underground water. This made the city get lower little by little. Now the city has gone down by 23 centimeters. Another problem is the rising seawater. The temperature has risen over the years. This has made the ice of the Arctic Ocean   melt  .
Every year, high waters hit the city in autumn and winter. When a lot of water comes, more than half of the city is underwater.
Scientists are trying different ways to stop the city from getting even lower.
,.
The question is: Where is Venice?
The possible answers are:
A:In Italy.
B:In Canada.
C:In England.
D:In America.Karnishakuji4- 162
Tokyo 145
October24,2007
Concord School of English
23 Essex St.
Concord,,NH03301
Dear Madam or sir ,
One of the teachers at my school in Japan told me that your school has summer courses . I'm planning to go to the USA next summer and would like to take a one- month course .
I'm 18 years old and have been studying English for six years . I'm going to study English at the university . I have ever been to a few countries , such as China , England ,Korea ,but never to the US ,and I think a trip will help me improve my English .
Could you send me a catalogue and application ? I would also like information about New Hampshire and other places nearby .
I hope to do some traveling when the course is over .
Thank you . I look forward to your reply .
Yours ,
Mariko Kobori
The question is: Mariko Kobori  began to learn English at the age of   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:18
B:16
C:14
D:12What do you see when you look at abstract   art? Does it make sense to you? Does it look like anything?
Abstract art became popular in the early 20th century. Artists did not want to paint, draw, or sculpt things like they looked. They didn't want their art to be realistic  . They were more interested in basic shapes  and colours.
Picasso is probably the most famous of these artists. He painted and drew in many, many styles. Sometimes he used a lot of blue colours (his "blue period"). Later, he used more red and pink colours (his "rose period"). Many of his other paintings are called "cubist  " because they are made of painted squares.
After a long time, Picasso's paintings became more and more abstract. He painted people and things using strange shapes. His work was so original, many his fellow artists didn't understand it.
Kindinsky, another famous artist, used lines, shapes, and patterns to paint his subjects. His paintings also used strong colours to express feelings.
Other artists like the surrealists  , they were interested in the subconscious  . Painters like Breton and Magritte used many symbols   in their work. The meaning or subject of their work wasn't always clear. Dai, another artist, painted pictures that looked like dreams.
There are still many abstract artists around the world. It's often hard to say what their art is about. That's the way many artists like better. They want each person to look at art and find their own meaning in it.
The question is: What happened to Picasso's work after a long time?
The possible answers are:
A:It became more abstract.
B:It became less original.
C:He went from using red colours to using blue colours
D:He only painted with coloured squaresBritain Today
Food
British people like good food,and more than half of them go to a restaurant every month. Fast food is also very popular-- 30% of all adults have a hamburger every three months, but46% have fish and chips!
Sports
British people don't do a lot of sports. Only 17% of people go swimming every week,about 9% go cycling and 8% play golf--and only 6% of people play football( but 32% go to watch it ).
Cinema and TV
Films are very popular in Britain,and about 60% of people between 15 and 24 go to the cinema every month. At home, men watch TV for about three hours every day -- two quarters more than women.
Holidays
British people love going on holiday,and have 56 million holidays every year. Most of these holidays aren't in the UK--27% are in Spain,10% are in the USA,and 9% are in France. Maybe this is because the weather in Britain isn't very good!
,
The question is: Those who are interested in movies are   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:men
B:women
C:old people
D:young peopleHere is an examination notice . Mrs. Dickson gave it to her students last week.
To the students of Class 3
*  Examinations start on January 22 and end on June 23.
*  The time for each of the subject is:
English        June 22        9:30 A.M.- 10:30 A.M.
Math           June 22           11:00 A.M.- 12:00 A.M.
History           June 22        2:30 P.M.-3:30 P.M.
PE           June 23           8:00 A.M.-10:00 A.M.
Music          June 23        1:00 P.M.-3:00 P.M.
*  For the PE test? go to the playground. For the music test, go to the Piano Room. All else are written tests. They will be held in Classroom 3.
*  No student can get into the examination room more than 15 minutes after the exam starts.
*  No food or drink during ANY test.
*  No dictionaries during the English exam.
*  Wear pants and sports shoes for the PE exam.
*  If you have questions, go to the Teacher's Office before the tests.
The question is: Who could not take the English exam?
The possible answers are:
A:Nancy. She wore her sports shoes on June 22.
B:Richard. He did not have breakfast before the exam.
C:Wendy. She forgot to take an English dictionary with her.
D:Tony. He went to school at 9:50 0n the morning of June 22.An old man walked slowly into a restaurant with his cane . His old jacket and shoes made him unusual that day.
A young waitress named Mary watched him move towards a table by the window. She ran over to him, and said with a smile, "Here, sir. Let me give you a hand."
Without saying a word, he gave her a smile. She pulled the chair away from the table and helped him sit down. Then she put his cane against the table so that he could reach it. In a soft, clear voice, he said, "Thank you, miss."
"You're welcome, sir," she replied. "I'll be back in a moment, and if you need anything, just wave at me!"
After he had finished a good meal. Mary brought him the change. She handed him his cane, and walked with him to the front door. Holding the door open for him, she said, "Come back and see us, sir!" The old man turned around and smiled.
When Mary went to clean his table, she was shocked. Under the plate, she found a business card, a 100-dollar bill and a note. The note said, "Dear Mary, I respect  you very much, and you respect yourself, too. It shows the way you treat others. You have found the secret of happiness."
In fact, the old man was the owner of the restaurant. That was the first time that she, or any of his waitresses, had seen him.
The question is: The old man looked   _
The possible answers are:
A:young
B:handsome
C:unusual
D:commonMemory is essential  for life. We have a short-term memory and a long-term memory. When we get old, our short-term memory becomes weaker, but we can still remember things that happened a long time ago. There are many things we can do to improve our memory, such as using various memorizing methods as well as taking special care of our health.
It is important that we regularly stimulate  our brain to make our memory more efficient . For example, we can do activities that we do not usually do and change our daily habits. Learning a new skill helps our brain develop.
When trying to memorize something, we should focus our attention on the most important things about it. Do not allow other thoughts to enter our mind because this will lower our chances of remembering things correctly.
One basic way of improving our memory is to use the link method. If we want to memorize something, we should make a picture in our mind. If the picture is silly, strange and colourful, we will remember it better.
Taking notes, being organized and keeping a diary will also be useful tools.
Sometimes, memory is connected with our feelings. When something dramatic happens, we usually remember it well, and we also remember where we were and what we were doing.
Healthy food and plenty of vitamins are important to our memory. Drinking a lot of water also helps maintain our memory.
When we are asleep, our brain stores memory. Not enough sleep can, therefore, cause problems with storing information. In addition, being tired will stop us from being able to remember well. As a result, keeping fit and having regular health checks are both important as well.
The question is: When people try to remember the word 'smiles', an easy way to do this is to  imagine there is a 'mile' between the first letter and the last letter. This is because  they  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:use the link method
B:connect it with feelings
C:have a good rest
D:take some notesMr. and Mrs. Smith come from London, England. They work in China now. They teach English in a middle school. They like their work very much. They have two children, Sam and Sue.  They are both in Shanghai with their parents. Mr. Smith can't speak Chinese, but his wife can speak it very well.
Mr. Smith likes swimming and reading, and Mrs. Smith likes swimming and reading, too. They often go swimming in the afternoon and read in the evening. Sam and Sue like playing games with Chinese boys and girls.
Sam's uncle works on a farm near London. He likes swimming, too. He wants to work in Shanghai, but he can' t speak Chinese. So he is still  there and goes to Chinese classes every day.
The question is: What does Sue like?
The possible answers are:
A:Swimming and reading
B:Playing computer games
C:Watching TV
D:Playing gamesThere are many clubs in our school. My English is not good. I want to join the English club. Wang Ying wants to learn to paint. So he wants to join the art club. Zhang Ping likes running. He wants to join the running club. Li Nan is good at singing and she wants to join the music club. What club does Han Mei join? Oh, she likes eating and she joins the cooking club.
The question is: What club does Wang Ying want to join?
The possible answers are:
A:The music club.
B:The sports club.
C:The art club.
D:The swimming club.Good morning! I'm Mike Brown. I am an English boy. My telephone number is five-four-five-zero-six-seven-eight. This is my room  . The quilt is blue. In the room, there are books  , a computer   and a pencil box  .
The question is: What's Mike's telephone number?
The possible answers are:
A:555-0687.
B:545-0678.
C:545-6870.
D:545-8760.Everyone has got two personalities -the one that is shown to the world and the other that is secret and real. You don't show your secret personality when you're awake because you can control your behavior, but when you're asleep, your sleeping position shows the real you. In a normal night, of course, people frequently change their positions. The important position is the one that you go to sleep in.
If you go to sleep on your back, you're a very open person. You normally trust people and you are easily influenced by fashion or new ideas. You don't like to displease people. So you never express your real feelings. You're quite shy and you aren't quite sure of yourself.
If you sleep on your stomach, you are a rather secretive person. You worry a lot and you're always easily upset. You always stick to your own opinions or judgment, but you don't raise your hopes too much. You usually live for today not tomorrow. This means that you enjoy having a good time.
If you sleep curled up , you are probably a very nervous person. You have a low opinion of yourself and so you're often defensive. You're shy and you don't normally like meeting people. You prefer to be on your own. You're easily hurt.
If you sleep on your side, you have usually got a well--balanced  personality. You know your strengths and weakness. You're usually careful. You believe in yourself. You sometimes feel anxious, but you don't often get sad. You always say what you think even if it makes people rather angry
The question is: Tina hardly tells her secrets to her friends. She probably goes to sleep  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:on curled up
B:on her stomach
C:on her back
D:on her sideAlthough he died almost 40 years ago,Bruce Lee is still considered the greatest and most influential kung fu performer of the 20th century.His films brought traditional Hong Kong kung fu movies to a new level of popularity,and introduced kung fu to millions of people in the West. 
Bona in the USA in 1940,Lee returned to his native Hong Kong before his birthday.As a teenager,the highly intelligent boy was accepted into one of Hong Kong's most famous middle schools but he paid little attention to his studies. He was more interested in sport,especially kung fu,and hanging out with his street-gang friends. In 1959,Lee got into trouble with the police for fighting.His mother,fearing he would end up in prison,sent him to the USA. Two years later,he began studying at university there.
While still a student,Lee opened his own kung fu school,teaching a new fighting style he had developed.What made Lee's style different was that it used power,strength and,quick--action attacks.It also combined Japanese,Korean and South American fighting styles with traditional stow--moving Chinese kung fu.
Among Lee's students were several famous actors who,impressed by his good--looks and fighting skill,encouraged him to start acting.Over the next fire years Lee achieved some Success in America.But his dream of introducing his fighting style into American movies was not accepted by local film makers who thought western audiences were not interested in kung fu.
Determined to prove them wrong,Lee returned to Hong Kong in 1970.There he made two films
(1971)and
(1972),using his kung fu ideas and techniques.The movies were huge hits world--wide,making Lee an international star and symbol of kung fu.These were followed by what is widely considered the greatest kung fu movie of all time,
(1973).Tragically however,Lee suddenly and mysteriously died while making his next movie
. He was only 33 years old.
The question is: Why was Lee sent to America?
The possible answers are:
A:His parents wanted him to study at university there.
B:He wanted to develop a new American fighting style.
C:His family:feared he was getting into too much trouble in Hong Kong.
D:He was determined to become a successful and popstar actor there.Giving a gift can mean a lot. It can be a way to deepen   a friendship. Before you get a gift for someone, spend time really thinking about what makes him or her special. Think about their interests, hobbies, needs and happiest moments. For example, friends and families with children might love a special calendar that contains everyone's birthday and other special dates and events.
For music fans, a CD filled   with their favourite music always makes a special gift.
Spending time with loved ones is also a way to give them a gift. You might take that special person out for a birthday dinner at your favourite restaurant.
Making a gift for someone using your own skills is very special. It is much more meaningful than a store-bought gift and shows how much you care!
Writing your feelings in a greeting card can be a simple way to make a keepsake   that will be remembered for years.
The question is: For music fans,   _   is a special gift.
The possible answers are:
A:a calendar
B:nice food
C:a music CD
D:a greeting cardHenry was from the United States and he had come to London for a holiday.
One day he was not feeling well.  So he was to the clerk at the desk of his hotel and said, "I want to see a doctor. Can you give me the name of a good one?"
The clerk looked in a book, and said, "Dr. Grey."
"Is he expensive?"
"Well," the clerk answered, "he always asks for his patients two pounds for their first visit to him, and 1.5 pounds for later visit."
Henry decided    to save 50 pence. When he went to see the doctor he said, "I've come again, doctor."
For a few seconds the doctor looked at his face carefully without saying anything. Then he nodded and said, "Oh, yes." He examined   him and then said, "Everything's going as it should do. Just continue  with the medicine   I gave you last time."
The question is: Henry came to London  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:to do some shopping
B:to visit friend
C:to spend his holiday
D:to find a jobA man punished his 5-year-old daughter for wasting some expensive gold wrapping paper. Money was little and he became more upset when the child used the gold paper to decorate a box and put it under a Christmas tree.
However, the little girl brought the gift box to her father the next morning and said, " This is for you, daddy."
The father was embarrassed by his earlier anger, but he got angry again when he found the box empty. He spoke to her in a serious manner, "Don't you know young lady, when you give someone a present, there's supposed to be something inside the package?"
The little girl looked up at him with tears in her eyes and said, "Oh Daddy, it is not empty.I blew kisses into it until it was full." The father was moved. He fell on his knees and put his arms around his little girl and he begged her to forgive his unnecessary anger.
An accident took the life of the child away only a short time later and it is told that the father kept the gold box by his bed for all the years of his life. Whenever he was discouraged or faced difficult problems, he would open the box and take out an imaginary kiss and remember the child who had put it there.
The question is: The man easily got angry because   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:his daughter often wasted water
B:his daughter didn't send him gifts
C:his family was very poor
D:his daughter asked him for giftsA serious earthquake can be a terrible experience, and it is easy to forget safety measures  in disorder . _ , most earthquake safety measures are common sense, but if you forget everything else, remember the following instructions: drop, cover, and hold on. Also, most of earthquake deaths happen after the earthquake, so remember that the danger does not end when the shaking does!
If you stay indoors during an earthquake, move away from unsupported areas and windows. Try to get under a doorway or another area of the building which is held up by strong beams .  Stay under a table or desk only if it is very strong. Do not rush to lifts, because it is far safer to stay where you are. Cover your head with your arms around it and curl   into a ball, and wait for the shaking to stop.
If you stay outdoors during an earthquake, move to an area which is as open as possible. Don't move to buildings, electric poles and other objects which may fall during an earthquake and injure you. Protect your head and stay low to the ground till the shaking ends and it is safe to move.
After an earthquake, many buildings are less strong, although they appear safe. If you stay indoors, move people from the building quickly and help disabled or injured people. Once outdoors, move well away from the building so that if it falls down, you will not be injured. Wait till public safety officials announce that it is safe to stay indoors.
By planning ahead and keeping calm during an earthquake, you can greatly increase your chances of survival  without injury.
The question is: If you stay outdoors during an earthquake, you can do all the following except   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:trying to protect your head
B:moving to an open place
C:moving away from buildings
D:taking the disabled people into the roomThe airport   in Boswell is twenty-one miles from the city. The banks  and business offices  are in the center of the city.
Read these notes from the diary by Mr. Reg Simpson:
March 2004
15 MON   Group of 35 French students visiting Boswell -- want cheap holiday
16 TUES  Mr. and Mrs. J. Grant arriving   from Paris -- only stay a night at Boswell -- leaving early on the 18thby air
17 WED   Mr. Nagashima, Tokyo, arriving for a two-day business trip
18 THUR  65 Russian students need two days in a cheap hotel
19 FRI    have a group meeting about how to attract  travelers   from Asia 
20 SAT    Mr. and Mrs. Johnson, from Washington D.C., arriving by air
21 SUN    Dinner with Bella at King Garden and watch King Kong at 9:00 p.m.
22 MON   Mr. and Mrs. F. Ray, need cheap hotels for two days
The question is: Mr. Nagashima is from   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:France
B:Japan
C:America
D:RussiaAre you looking for something fun and would you like to help others in your free time? Then join us to be a volunteer ! We're a non-profit   organization . We have volunteer jobs of all ages. Anyone, from twelve-year-old children to people about seventy years old can become a volunteer.
You can help people in many ways. Schools need help with taking care of children while parents are working. Hospitals need volunteers to look after children while their parents are seeing a doctor. Animal lovers can help take care of those dogs and cats without homes. There is something for everyone.
"As a volunteer. I don't want to get anything. Seeing the children's happy faces, I'm happy, too." said Carlos Domingo. an old woman of 62. "I often played computer games in my- free time before. Now I help older people learn how to use computers," said another volunteer at the age of 18.
The question is: Who can be a volunteer?
The possible answers are:
A:Children.
B:Old women.
C:Anyone aged 12-70.
D:Parents.This term, I came to Chou Zhou Middle School. There are 42 classes, 110 teachers and 2400 students in the school.
In the middle of the school there is two tall buildings. They are for us to have classes. All the classrooms are there. There are some small rooms, too. They are offices for the teachers to work. All the teachers get ready for their lessons there.
In front of the tall buildings, there is a small one. It is the library. There are many books there. The teachers and the students like to read books in it. Sometimes they borrow  books from it.
There is a sports hall behind the tall buildings. The boys often play basketball there happily. Of course, there is a science building in my school.
This is my school. It's not only big, but also nice. I like my new school very much.
The question is: There are   _   classes in Chou Zhou Middle School.
The possible answers are:
A:20
B:42
C:23
D:24DIY, which means Do It Yourself, is quite popular in UK. Lots of stores and supermarkets sell DIY things. TV programs show people how to DIY.
English people like DIY. There is a saying in UK---"An Englishman's home is his castle". Huge numbers of people spend their holidays making their homes beautiful "castles". If there is anything that needs fixing around their houses, such as painting the walls or putting in a new shower, they will do the jobs themselves. They share DIY experiences with their friends. More and more people have discovered the joy of DIY. Sometimes people also DIY for saving money. With the economic downturn at present, many people can not afford to buy a bigger house. They are looking at how they can make their houses better without spending a lot of money. It is not surprising that DIY is so popular.
DIY can be difficult. There is a huge market for DIY furniture which people need to put together themselves with a few basic  tools  . However, people often find it not easy to build a piece of furniture because they can't understand the instructions. Sometimes the instructions are simple and clear, but the furniture itself is difficult to build. One thing is for sure, though most DIY projects are started with the best intentions (,), many of them may not get finished. DIY can also be dangerous. For example, anything electrical should be done by a professional worker. Unluckily, many people don't care about this warning and put themselves in danger. It is reported that in just one year over 230 000 people were hurt while doing DIY in UK, including 41 000 who fell off ladders  .
Therefore, DIY can bring us fun and help us save money, but it is not always as easy as it is thought to be if _ . Maybe factories should make products that are easier and safer for us to DIY.
The question is: What can we learn from the passage ?
The possible answers are:
A:DIY is a waste of money.
B:It is always difficult to DIY.
C:We should be careful while doing DIY.
D:It's very safe to DIY.People drink tea. There are many kinds of tea, such as black tea, green tea, white tea and yellow tea. People drink a lot of tea in China. Some people drink it because they think it makes them healthy. Many people drink it because it tastes very good. It is delicious.
People drink a lot of tea in Japan. People drink a lot of green tea in South Korea, too. In Vietnam, people like to drink coffee first. Then they drink tea.
People drink a lot of tea in England. Every afternoon, people drink tea. It's "tea time". English people like to drink their tea with milk in it.
Many people drink black tea in the US. In the South, people like to drink sweet tea. Sweet tea is cold black tea with sugar in it.
Most tea comes from China. Some tea comes from India or Sri Lanka. Kenya, Japan and Indonesia also grow tea.
The question is: Most tea comes from
The possible answers are:
A:China
B:Japan
C:India
D:IndonesiaThere is a sign at a Korean university asking tourists not to step into the grass to take photos. The sign is not written in Korean or English; it is written in Chinese.
These signs, and signs in other countries warning Chinese tourists about their behavior, have shamed many Chinese who worry about the image of the country.
Over 70 million Chinese tourists made overseas trips last year and spent $102 billion, more than the $84 billion spent by American and German tourists. For many Chinese tourists, it was their first trip abroad and they didn't know about foreign ways. And some of these tourists took their bad habits from China with them.
Wang Yang, a Chinese deputy prime minister , said, "They(the tourists) speak loudly in public, carve words or numbers on tourist attractions, cross the road when the traffic lights are still red and spit anywhere. It damages  the image of the Chinese people and has a very bad influence."
Before you travel to a foreign country, it's important to learn some things about the country and its culture. You are guests in the country and it's important to respect  your hosts. As more and more Chinese visit foreign countries, their behavior will certainly change and those shameful signs will, hopefully, disappear.
The question is: How do many Chinese feel about the signs?
The possible answers are:
A:Proud.
B:Interested.
C:Bored.
D:Shameful.All students should have good study habits. When you have good study habits, you can learn things quickly. You also remember them easily .
Do you like to study in the living-room? This is not a good place because it is usually too noisy. You should study in a quiet place, like your bedroom. A quiet place will help you only think about one thing, and you will learn better.
Before you begin to study, do not forget to clean your desk. A good desk light is important, too .You'll feel tired easily if there is not much light .
The question is: Which place is good for study according to the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:the living room
B:the kitchen
C:the bedroom
D:the restaurantOne day while driving from my home to work. I noticed a car in front of me had a wobbly wheel. It was clear that the wheel had been changed recently and had not been fixed correctly. On a slow road this would not show much of a problem but I knew a highway was coming soon. There the traffic would move much faster and the driver would be in danger as the wheel could come off at that speed.
I was driving a large jeep at the time and the car in front was a small one driven by a young lady on her own. So as I tried to flash my lights and wave her to pull over,  I was worried that she wouldn' t pull over on the road side when she found in her mirror a single man chasing  her down in a jeep and waving for her to pull over.
Thankfully. she trusted more in the good nature of people and pulled over where I could explain the problem. She said the wheel was changed only the night before and that she would pull into the nearest garage where the repairman had tools to fix the wheel correctly.
My belief is that the act of kindness was hers and not mine. How so? Well,  it was she who chose to believe in the possibility that people are good over the belief that bad things would come from being waved over to the side of the road by strangers.
I am glad I was able to wave her down in time and so a serious accident might have been avoided. But I am even happier that she believed in a stranger.
The question is: The writer worried about the lady because  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:she was driving a second-hand car
B:a traffic accident might happen to her
C:a single man was chasing her down
D:she drove faster than any other carWhat's your favorite English letter ? Many of you may say Q. Why ? Because so many of you chat with your friends on QQ .
What do you like about QQ? What do you talk about ? The CCTV reporter ,Miss Wang interviews three kids . Let's listen to what they say .
When do you chat on QQ ? What do you talk about ?
Lin Yuhan , Xi'an : On weekends . We talk about homework and chat with each other .
Tang Yuting ,Shanghai : On weekends and when I don't have much homework .We exchange test answers and chat .
Yang Yuhang , Dalian : Our class goes online together at 4--6pm on weekends , We complain about homework ,chat and talk about computer games .
What do you put on your QQ blog ( )?
Lin : I put good articles. I have found online on my blog . I also write articles myself . They are about funny things that have happened in my class .
Tang : I put pictures on my blog . Not my own photos , but pictures from my favorite Japanese cartoons likeTennis Prince and Conan .
Yang: I put DV films on my blog . I shoot  (  )them during sports meetings and school parties .The most popular one is about a dancing teacher .It is so funny that everyone watches it .
How do you like QQ?
Lin : It's a good place for us to make a record of our lives of both good times and sad times .
Tang : My friends and I may not have time to chat at school .But we can do it on QQ. It's very helpful to our friendships .
Yang : If you chat with your friends on the telephone ,your parents sometimes listen in on your convercation . There is no such problem with QQ . You can relax and talk freely .
The question is: What does Lin Yuhan put on her QQblog ?
The possible answers are:
A:Some pictures .
B:Good articles .
C:DV films .
D:Japanese cartoons .Can you imagine a world without the Internet?It's surprising to think about it
Now,China has more than 162 million Internet users,according to the China Internet Network Information Center. This is the second highest number of user in the world after the United States. Today,66% of Chinese "netizens "are teenagers. "They spend about thirteen hours every week online,"said Qian Hulin,an Internet expert . Doctor Song in Beijing Xuanwu Hospital said about 14% of Chinese netizens who are teens often lasted over ten hours to play online games.
The main reasons why teenagers surf the Web are to search for information,to communicate with others and to have fun. On the Internet,teenagers can find out almost everything. And surfing the Web can help students with their homework and widen their knowledge.
Li Dong,a teacher at No. 41 Middle School in Shijiazhuang,likes her students to use the Internet. "When we talk in class,students who surf the Net usually know more background information than the others,"she said.
In addition,people can use the Internet to write letters or stories and send emails. Many teens keep in touch with their friends online. It is cheaper than phoning somebody far away and also much quicker.
,,. (1,5)
The question is: Li Dong in No. 41 Middle School likes her students to use the Internet because she   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:thinks surfing the net can help students spend less time on homework
B:thinks her students can get more background information than the others
C:wants her students to talk to her about their hobbies and interests
D:wants to know what her students do and think about at homeIt's cool, it's hot, and everyone is doing it. People talk about _ often,and friends tell other friends how good they look. Sound like a fashion? It's actually trend  : "blog". What's a blog? A blog is a personal online diary. The word "blogger" means a person who writes diaries online.
Many bloggers are teens who've been logging   onto sites to talk about anything in their lives. Many of today's teenagers are not afraid to openly discuss everything in their lives. Teens complain about parents and homework. They share diaries, post songs from the latest bands and show pictures of theirs. They write their own poems  , say something about their girlfriends or boyfriends and complain to each other or offer support. But mostly they just write down what they do every day.
However, many parents are afraid of these young bloggers. Parents see the kids talking about how they got drunk   last weekend and how they don't like studying. They are using language that is surprising to their parents. Besides hearing from their friends, teen bloggers also get messages from strangers. Most of the time, it's older men asking to meet teenage girls. "These strange men are dangerous for my kids. They sometimes teach my kids bad words," said Cara Cabral, a mother of two.
Many teens and young adults know it's not safe to use blogs on the Internet. They know they are putting information about themselves in a place they can be seen by anyone. But teens are unlikely to give up these new communication tools that have become a way of life for many of them.
Are you a blogger? What do you think of the blog?
The question is: Which of the following is NOT true according to the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:A blogger's information about himself can be seen by anyone on the Internet.
B:Most of today's teenagers aren't afraid to openly discuss everything in their lives.
C:Teenagers are willing to try to give up blogging.
D:Many teens know it's not safe to use the blog on the Internet.The red phone box in Britain is a perfect example of the British traditional culture. However, with the fast development of mobile phones, it has lost its place in people's everyday life. In order to save their loved red phone boxes, people have come up with many ideas, for example, to turn them into toilets or art houses.
In a village in Somerset, a place in South West England, villagers have found a new way to save their red phone box. They turned it into a mini library to deal with the shortage of libraries in their area. The idea was given by a local villager, Janet Fisher, who lives opposite the phone box. Villagers got together to set up the book box. Over 100 books and a lot of movies and music CDs are available at this mini library. The books are of different kinds, including from cooking books to the classics and children's books. People can put the books that they have read inside the phone box, and take away the books that they'd like to read. The books are always changing. There is a regular check on the books to keep the phone box collection fresh.
Anyone is free to come to read books there. The phone box library is open every day around the clock and is lit (the past form of "light") at night.  " It's very pleasing that the red phone box has been saved. More importantly, it can continue providing a service for us," said one of the villagers.
The question is: People in Somerset turned the red phone box into a mini library to   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:make it like the new one
B:help solve the shortage of library service
C:provide a place to exchange ideas
D:make the collection of the local library largerWe drink tea every day. But more than three hundred years ago most of the people in Europe   did not know anything about tea. Some people heard about it, but very few of them know what to do with it.
There is a story about an English sailor   who went to countries in the east, the west and the south. He went to India and China. One day he came home and brought some tea as a present for his mother. She told her friends about the present and asked them to a "tea party". When her friends came to the "tea party", the old woman gave them brown tea-leaves. The old woman's friends began to eat them. Of course, nobody liked the tea-leaves.
At that time the sailor came in. He looked at the table and said, "Mother,what did you do with the tea?"
"I boiled it,as you said."
"And what did you do with the water?"
"I threw it away ,of course." answered the old woman.
"Now you may throw away the leaves,too," said her son.
The question is: One day the English sailor brought his mother some tea from   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:countries in the west
B:countries in the south
C:India or China
D:a tea shop in EnglandShopping is not as simple as you may think! Much has to be done for the producers before putting the products on the shelf.
Color, for example, changes a lot according to what the producers are trying to sell. Health foods are packed in greens, yellows or browns because we think of these as healthy colors.
When some kind of medicine was brought out recently, researchers found that the color of the package  caused the shoppers to lose interest because they made the product look ineffective . At last, it came on the market in dark blue and white--blue because we think of it as safe, and white as calm.
The size of a package can also attract  a shopper, although quite often a bottle doesn't hold as much as it seems to.
It is said that the better-known companies spend about 40 percent of the cost of the product itself on packaging!
The most successful producers know that it's not enough to have a good product. The head of Pears Soap, who for 25 years has used pretty little girls to sell their goods, came to the conclusion: "Any fool can make soap, but it takes a talent to sell it."
The question is: If a new product costs $ 60, how much money may be spent on packaging?
The possible answers are:
A:$ 24
B:$ 36
C:$ 40
D:$ 60Have you ever heard of the saying, "If you want a friend, be one."? What does it mean?
There are many different things that you can do to make friends. You may find out what they are if you watch someone make friends.
Here is how one new teacher made friends with the students in her class on the first day of the school. When the bell rang, the teacher smiled at all the students. Then she said, " Good morning! How nice it is to have all of you in my class this year! I want to know each of you very much. I am sure we will enjoy working together."
The teacher smiled, used a pleasant voice, and acted in a friendly way. She told the students her name and wrote it on the blackboard. Then she told them something she liked to do and hoped to do with them during the year. The students knew that she liked many of the same things they liked. _ Each of them wanted to know her better and be her friends. Then she let the students tell something about themselves. So they felt that the teacher knew them. Could you make friends as the teacher did?
How do you know and like your classmates? One way is to find out more about them. During the break you can talk to them. You may ask them their names and the names of the schools they went to last year. They want to know about you, too. You may tell them about your interests or your holiday experiences. It is often easy to be friends with people who have the same interests and play the same games. As you talk, the others may be thinking, " I like to do the same things you do. It should be fun to be friends with you."
Remember! Just talking together in a friendly way is one good way to make friends.
The question is: Which do you think is the best title  for this passage?
The possible answers are:
A:With the Teacher in Class
B:How to Talk to Others
C:Talking with students
D:Making friendsAugust 14, 2002
#The biggest shopping center KRF will open on August 18. Everyone with Today's newspaper will get a small gift. You are welcome.
Address: No. 6 Bridge Street
#English Newspaper, is looking for good English speakers as editors. He should study news in college. He will get $8,000 a year. Please send you application form  in 10 days.
Tel: 3898766 Address: No 5 Longway Street Email: englishnewspaper@yahoo.com
#Traditional Chinese doctor treatment. RMB 200/hourI'll go to your home.
Mobile: 137629390
#New York VS Chinese Dragon Team
Time: 7 PM Sunday, August 17    Place: Star Stadium
Price: RMB 300, RMB 280, RMB 180, RMB 80,
The question is: Which of the following is right?
The possible answers are:
A:The shopping center is at No.6 Longway Street.
B:The telephone number of Chinese doctor is 137629390.
C:You can buy a soccer ticket by calling 3456754.
D:You can find the information about the football ticket on www. Sports.comIn today's world, so many people like traveling around the world. Traveling abroad can be expensive, but there are some ways of visiting Britain cheaply. So we hope  we can give you some good ideas.
If you don't go there in the busy months--July and August, your visit may be cheaper. There will be fewer visitors. The weather in Britain can be pleasant from April to the end of September. Of course  you can go there in winter, but it is often dark by 4 pm. Many places, such as large houses and castles are closed in winter. However, if you are interested in museums, art galleries  or theaters, winter may be the good time to visit.
If you are a student, it is a good idea to apply for   an International Student Identify Card. With the card, you can save a lot of money. You can get the card from your local  student travel office, and you can also call (44)08708 413224 to get it. To get the card, you need to show that you are a student, get a passport photo, and pay for a little money.
The question is: Which of the following is the best title?
The possible answers are:
A:How to have a cheaper trip in Britain.
B:How to travel to Britain.
C:When to travel to Britain.
D:Why to travel to Britain.If you go to a fast food restaurant, you will probably see a lot of teenagers. Today, many teenagers are overweight, and this is because of their bad eating habits. Most teenagers are fond of food with a lot of fat, oil, salt and sugar. People call this kind of food "junk food".
But bad eating habits go beyond fast food. We find many teenagers eat unhealthily. Some don't have breakfast before they go to school. During the day, some don't have a proper meal for lunch. In a recent survey at one school, scientists found that over two thirds of the students didn't follow a healthy diet. They didn't like vegetables, and many of them didn't like to eat fruits. They preferred to eat food with a lot of salt, sugar, or fat.
Parents today also worry about their children's diet. Some doctors give the following advice:
Teenagers shouldn't eat too much junk food.
Teenagers shouldn't eat food with too much salt. Salt can cause high blood pressure in the future.
Teenagers should eat food without much fat, oil and sugar.
Teenagers need to eat some fruits and vegetables every day. Fruits and vegetables are rich in vitamins and have little fat.
Teenagers need to drink more milk. Milk will help their bones grow.
Teenagers need to eat breakfast every day. It is good for their body and mind.
The question is: It's right to   _   according to the passage.
The possible answers are:
A:eat junk food
B:eat food with too much salt
C:drink milk and eat junk food often
D:eat vegetables that are rich in vitamins"If you want to see a thing well, reach out and touch it!"
That may seem a strange thing to say. But touching things can help you to see them better. Your eyes can tell you that a glass ball is round. But by holding it in your hands, you can feel how smooth and cool the ball is. You can feel how heavy the glass is. When you feel all these about the ball, you really see it.
With your skin, you can feel better. For example, your fingers can tell the difference between two coins in your pocket. You can feel a little drop of water on the back of your hand, too. You can even feel sounds against your skin. Have you ever wanted to know why some people like very loud music? They must like to feel the sounds of music.
All children soon learn what "Don't touch!" means. They hear it often. Yet most of us keep on touching things as we grow up. In shops, we touch things we might buy, such as food, clothes and so on. To see something well, we have to touch it.
The bottoms of our feet can feel things, too. You know this when you walk on warm sand, cool grass or a bad floor. All feel different under your feet.
There are ways of learning to see well by feeling. One way is to close your eyes and try to feel everything that is touching your skin. Feel the shoes on your feet, the clothes on your body, the air on your skin. At first, it is not easy to feel these things. You are too used to them!
Most museums are just for looking. But today some museums have some things to touch. Their signs say, "Do touch!" There you can feel everything on show.
If you want to see better, reach out and touch. Then you'll really see!
The question is: Why does it say, "At first, it is not easy to feel these things?"
The possible answers are:
A:The things are used by people, too.
B:People are used to the things.
C:People know how to use the things
D:The things are easy to feel.One day Mr. and Mrs. Black were driving to a party . Mr. Black drove the car very fast. "Please don't drive so fast." Mrs Black asked his husband to drive more slowly ."If you drive so fast , maybe we'll have some trouble.""Oh , no , Don't be worried , my dear . "said Mr. Black with a smile ."You know I'm good at driving . You won't be in danger . And there is little time . If I don't drive fast , we'll be late for the party."
A few minutes later , his wife , Mrs. Black , said to him,"If you don't slow down ,We'll be in hospital."
Just at this moment a car came out of a side road and crossed in front of their car . Mr. Black stopped their car quickly . It nearly hit that car: "Oh , dear , I'm sorry for that . You are right , my dear,"said Mr Black . "I'll never drive fast later . Now let me drive slowly . "Then car drove very slowly to the party . Of course they were very late for the party.
The question is: Mr. Black drove so fast , because  _   .
The possible answers are:
A:he was good at driving
B:he was very happy
C:he was in danger
D:he didn't want to be late for the party.In our town, there is a big zoo with a lot of animals in it. There are some beautiful tigers and two old lions. They eat a lot of meat every day.
There are also two big elephants and one baby elephant. The elephants are kind animals. They eat a lot every day. They like children. Children often give them bread and bananas. Elephants like bananas best.
In our zoo there are also brown bears , black bears and white bears. They stand on their hind legs,hold up their fore legs and ask for food. They like cakes very much.
There's also a children's corner in our zoo. Children ride horses and donkeys and watch the monkeys there. The monkeys are very funny. They climb up ropes and jump  down again and play with each other(,) like small children.
,.
The question is: The zoo is  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:very beautiful
B:very big
C:very small
D:far from our townWe usually have three meals. We have breakfast, lunch and supper. We often have more time for lunch and supper, and we eat a big lunch or supper. But a good breakfast is very important  . It's easy for you to understand it. You don't eat anything for about twelve hours from the last   supper.
One good breakfast should be rice or bread, an egg and milk. On a cold morning a cup of hot drink is necessary  . Get up a little early and you can have enough time to eat breakfast. A good breakfast helps you to study well. It helps you to work well and play happily. You will be fun for a day after you enjoy a good breakfast.
The question is: When do we usually have breakfast?
The possible answers are:
A:Before getting up.
B:After the work.
C:After getting up.
D:Before going to bed.Can you imagine a world without the Internet?It's surprising to think about it
Now,China has more than 162 million Internet users,according to the China Internet Network Information Center. This is the second highest number of user in the world after the United States. Today,66% of Chinese "netizens "are teenagers. "They spend about thirteen hours every week online,"said Qian Hulin,an Internet expert . Doctor Song in Beijing Xuanwu Hospital said about 14% of Chinese netizens who are teens often lasted over ten hours to play online games.
The main reasons why teenagers surf the Web are to search for information,to communicate with others and to have fun. On the Internet,teenagers can find out almost everything. And surfing the Web can help students with their homework and widen their knowledge.
Li Dong,a teacher at No. 41 Middle School in Shijiazhuang,likes her students to use the Internet. "When we talk in class,students who surf the Net usually know more background information than the others,"she said.
In addition,people can use the Internet to write letters or stories and send emails. Many teens keep in touch with their friends online. It is cheaper than phoning somebody far away and also much quicker.
,,. (1,5)
The question is: Which way is the cheapest and quickest to learn something about friends far away?
The possible answers are:
A:Giving them a call.
B:Going to see them.
C:Writing a letter to them.
D:Sending emails to them.American football
In almost every big university  in the USA, football is a favourite sport. American football is not like soccer. Players sometimes kick the ball, but they also throw the ball and run with it. They try to take it to the other end of the field. They have four chances to move the ball ten yards. They can carry it or throw it If they move it to the end of the field, they win six points. This is called a touchdown.
It is difficult to move the ball. Eleven men on the team try to stop the man with the ball. If the man does not move the ball ten yards, his team kicks the ball to the other team.Each university wants its team win. Thousands of people come to watch. They all yell (,)for their favourite team. Young men and women from the cheer
Team dance and jump while they yell.Each team plays ten or eleven games each season. The season begins in September and ends in November. If a team is very good, it may play another game after the season ends. The best team plays again on January 1st,the first day of the New Year. Many people go to see these games and many others watch them on television.
The question is: It is a very important sport because   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:many people like it
B:thousands of people play it
C:the best team will play on New Year's Day .
D:many universities have this gameBob, Jim and Alice are good friends. They all study in the same class in Red Star Middle School. The weekend is coming and the weather is going to be sunny and warm. Now they are talking about their plans.
Bob is going to the hospital on Saturday. It is not far from his house, so he wants to go there by bike. He is going to visit a sick  boy called Ben in the hospital. He wants to make Ben happy and give him some interesting storybooks. He is going to stay there for the whole day.
Jim is going to ride to Great Zoo with his father on Sunday. He wants to see the pandas, tigers, lions and elephants. He wants to stay there for the whole day.
On Saturday, Alice is going to the Green Park with her friends on foot. She is going fishing by the lake, going boating on the river and playing on the slide . She plans to stay there for the whole afternoon.
The question is: The weather will be   _   this weekend.
The possible answers are:
A:sunny but cold
B:rainy and windy
C:sunny and warm
D:snowy and coldPlayers Wanted
Are you good at playing basketball? Can you play ping-pong or soccer? Can you swim very well? If so, you are welcome to join our school sports team. Please call Victor at 8863543 or send an email to sports@ yahoo.com.
Dancers Wanted
Can you dance? Do you like kids? Can you help them with dancing on weekends? Come and join us. Call Tom at 3854922 for more information.
Chess Club
Do you like playing chess? Mr. Wang can teach you. He gives lessons here every Friday afternoon.Tel: 8358939 .Add: Room 102 in School's P. E. Building.
Let's Learn Japanese
Can you speak Japanese? Do you want to learn Japanese? Join the Japanese club now. Time: 2:00 p.m. -5:00 p.m.( from Monday to Friday ) Call Mary at 6253928.
The question is: What does Mr. Wang teach?
The possible answers are:
A:Chess.
B:Japanese.
C:Basketball.
D:danceThere are seven continents in the world. Among them, Antarctica is the most special one. It is a world of snow and ice all year round. China has sent many scientists there. They try to find resources under the icy land and study climate change and sea biology.
What do they eat?
Scientists don't have many choices on what they eat. About 60% their food is frozen food. It is easy to heat . Meat is common on the menu, while vegetables are not usual. Fresh vegetables are hard to grow in the cold weather. Therefore, people often eat dried and canned vegetables.
How do they sleep?
In Antarctica, summer lasts from November to March. During this time, Antarctica faces the sun and gets sunlight 24 hours of the day. In order to get some sleep,scientists cover the window with black cloth to make "night".
How do they work?
People can wear warm clothes to be against the cold weather, but they can do little with the strong wind. Sometimes, the wind is even stronger than a typhoon. It can easily blow people away.
So there are ropes that connect some research stations. People can hold these ropes to keep balance in strong winds.
How do they keep in touch with others?
There are no cables or Internet on the frozen continent. So mobiles and computers don't work there. Scientists usually use two-way radios to communicate at work. If they want to say hello to family and friends, they can use the satellite phones.
The question is: What kind of vegetables do they usually eat?
The possible answers are:
A:Fresh vegetables
B:Green vegetables only
C:Dried and canned vegetables
D:They go down the ice to work.Once there were two brothers. They were very good to each other. They were half brothers because the elder brother's mother was dead, and then his father married again. The stepmother  was not kind to the elder brother, but the younger brother loved him and often helped him.
One day, the mother gave each of the brothers a box of seeds  and enough food for a few days. She said to them, "Take them. Go and plant them. One of you must plant them on the east hill, and the other on the west hill. Don't come back if the seeds don't come out. " The mother gave very bad seeds to the elder brother, but the two brothers didn't know this, and set out the next morning.
When they came to a bridge, they sat down to rest. After that, they got up to say good-bye to each other, but they took the wrong boxes of seeds!
Ten days later, the elder brother's seeds began to grow and he came back. But the younger brother did not return home because his seeds didn't grow. At last, he died on the hill.
,. (10)
The question is: One day, the mother gave two boxes of seeds   _
The possible answers are:
A:only to the elder son
B:only to the younger son
C:to their father
D:to the two sonsA woman went into a shop one evening to buy a new blouse. A strange man followed her into the shop and stood about while she was at the counter. Suddenly she screamed and the man turned and ran out of the shop, right into the arms of a passing policeman. Then he was caught by the policeman because he was a wanted robber.
"Mrs Jones, if you hadn't screamed, I would certainly have been robbed," said the shopkeeper, "I didn't know it," answered Mrs Jones. "I screamed when you told me how expensive the blouse was."
The question is: What did the strange man go into the shop for?
The possible answers are:
A:He tried to rob the shop.
B:He wanted to do some shopping.
C:He had something to tell the shopkeeper.
D:He was the shopkeeper's brother and just wanted to drop by.In 1826, a Frenchman named Niepce needed pictures for his business. But he was not a good artist. So he invented a very simple camera. He put it in a window of his house and took a picture of his garden. That was the first photo.
The next important date in the history of photography was in 1837.That year, Daguerre, another Frenchman, took a picture of his reading-room. He used a new kind of camera in a different way. In his picture you could see everything very clearly, even the smallest thing. The kind of photo was called a Daguerreotype.
Soon, other people began to use Daguerre's way. Travellers brought back wonderful photos from all round the world. People took pictures of famous buildings, cities and mountains.
In about 1840, photography was developed . Then photographers could take pictures of people and moving things. That was not simple. The photographers had to carry a lot of film and other machines. But this did not stop them, for example, some in the United States worked so hard.Mathew Brady was a famous American photographer. He took many pictures of great people. The pictures were unusual because they were very lifelike .
Photographers also became one kind of art by the end of the 19th century. Some photos were not just taken of the real world, they showed ideas and feelings, like other kinds of art.
The question is: The first photo taken by Niepce was a picture of   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:his business
B:his house
C:his garden
D:his windowMy teachers suggested that I see a speech specialist   in school.
I never really gave much thought to my speech. If other people understood what I was saying, then that was good enough. I didn't mind repeating myself many times.
Before testing me, the speech specialist asked me what I thought of having good speech. I told her I thought it was not important.
"Well, when you are in an interview for a job, and they don't know what you are saying, what are they going to say to you? Nice meeting you, bye," she said.
Maybe good speech was important. I took part in 20-minute classes each week with the specialist.
After she tested me, she told me that I spoke too fast, and didn't give enough eye contact  . I learned that when I made eye contact with someone, it meant that I was talking to that person, and I could also see what he or she thought about what I was saying.
When my first speech class started, I found that I had been speaking too fast to be understood. Every time I spoke too fast, the specialist stopped me and told me to start again. At first, I got stopped after almost every other sentence. After a while, I felt my speech slow down. I wasn't sure if people could understand me better, but my friends stopped asking me to repeat myself.
Speech is an important skill to have. If you do have good speech, that's a good thing, but if you don't have it, it is never too late to improve.
The question is: What did the writer think of having good speech before the classes?
The possible answers are:
A:It was very useful.
B:It was nothing important.
C:It was impossible.
D:It was good for interviewing.The advantages of Eating Fruits & Vegetables
Vegetables and fruit are good for your health because of a lot of vitamins, nutrients  and fiber in them. Fruits and vegetables are regarded as a healthy diet without adding chemicals or additives  for carrying or storing foods. The United States Department of Agriculture suggests eating plenty of fruits and vegetables every day to get the advantages of eating a healthy diet.
Disease Prevention
The United States Department of Agriculture tells that eating fruits and vegetables helps fight strokes, cardiovascular disease and type 2 diabetes. Because of the potassium in fruits and vegetables, they can prevent the risk of developing kidney stones. The fiber in fruits and vegetables helps the body fight against coronary heart disease.
Idea Health
Since fruits and vegetables add to a balanced and healthy diet, eating these will help you with your idea. The vitamins in fruits and vegetables helps fight depress , according to the Mental Health Foundation. Vitamin B and folic acid found in some vegetables and bananas help you to relax. Eating fruits and vegetables can also help improve memory.
Healthy Weight
Eating fruits and vegetables helps you have a healthy weight. Fruits and vegetables naturally include less energy than other foods, according to the Center for Disease Control and Prevention. The fiber and water in the fruits and vegetables make you feel that you are full, so you will not feel that you have to eat more food.
The question is: What kind of fruit should you eat if you were stressed out?
The possible answers are:
A:Vitamin
B:Folic acid
C:Bananas
D:ApplesHave you ever woken up feeling that something was wrong?
It was a day like that for me.
I sat up in bed.
A little later I opened the curtains.
It was terrible weather--the rain was pouring down.
Then I looked down into the yard.
Yes! There it was--the motorcycle.
It was just as broken as last night.
And my leg was starting to hurt.
The question is: Why does the writer begin the story with a question?
The possible answers are:
A:Because the writer wants to know the answer.
B:To make the readers interested in the story.
C:Because the question is hard to answer.
D:To remind the reader that this kind of experience is rare.Living next to next is the principle   of a neighbor. Good neighborliness is the ideal to be aimed at. As the saying goes, no man is an island; he has to live with his neighbors. To make life easy and pleasant, he must cooperate with his neighbors.
Whether one likes it or not, one cannot do without neighbors. Normally one may think he can do without neighbors because he can manage all comforts and services, so the services or the need for a friend may not happen. However, the sympathy  , admiration and appreciation which a neighbor may offer will have a great humanizing influence. To share one's view and sometimes even sadness, one needs some neighbors.
But all neighbors are not always keeping the friendly relationship. Stresses and tension   develop because of misunderstanding. Very often children may be the cause for tense feelings. The neighbor's son may pick a flower or a fruit from your garden and an argument may follow. Again he may throw his ball at your window breaking it. These are common cases so far as the younger one is concerned but it is for the elders to view them with calmness and make up for it. This may read easy on paper but not so in real life. But being broad minded, one must be able to tolerate  . Another reason for tension may be the animals. Your neighbor's dog may be a real trouble or his chickens would come into your garden and eat away your plants.
In all these cases to keep up good neighborliness, some understanding between the neighbors is important. _ Try to be friendly and the problem will not be difficult to solve. Care can at times play a good part and help the neighbors in a small or big way. Nobody is perfect and it is better not to speak ill of your neighbors. A cheerful word, a nod or a small talk will strengthen the feeling of good neighborliness.
Neighborliness is not only for people but it is also largely important between neighboring countries. History has got a lot to teach on this. Unless countries learn to live as good neighbors, there cannot be peace on earth. So children must be taught at home and in the school to cooperate with the neighbors and be friendly with them. The basic rule is to give and take and to develop a sense that the other man has as much right as you do, and some degree of tolerance is very necessary.
The question is: In the passage, the writer tries to   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:show the important of getting on with neighbors
B:teach the basic rules of behaving well at home
C:explain the reasons of learning teamwork
D:introduce ways of being a better personAnybody can learn to count fast if he knows the secret of following trick.
Ask your friend to write any five-figure   number on the blackboard. Then you write your five-figure number under it. You choose your figures so that each one with the figure above it will  make nine.
Tell your friend to put a third five-figure number under your number. Then you write a fourth number in the same way. After he has written the fifth number, you draw a line under it and quickly write the sum. . You may even write it from left to right..
How do you do it ? You take away two from the fifth number and put two in front of your answer. Is it interesting?
The question is: How many six-figure numbers are there on the blackboard at last?
The possible answers are:
A:Three
B:One
C:Five
D:FourMy mother was telling me about how she and her family got their first television when she was a teenager. Of course, it was black and white. She said she only watched it at night.
When I was young, we had only about 3 or 4 different channels. My brothers, my sisters and I would sometimes fight about which channel to watch. But we usually enjoyed the same shows.
Nowadays, we can get hundreds of channels on TV. There are channels with old movies, cooking, fishing and so on. It's amazing! I wonder how much my brothers, my sisters and I would fight if we had hundreds of channels when I was a child. Of course, we had only one television set.
These days I notice families with 2 or 3 or more television sets in their homes. I guess it stops
People from arguing over which channel to choose.
The question is: My mother watched TV  _  when she was young.
The possible answers are:
A:in the morning
B:in the afternoon
C:at night
D:at noonSome years went by. Then Father Boone called the family together. "Pack your things," he told them. "We are leaving here. Our farmland isn't good to live on. We can buy rich, cheap land in he southwest."
Sixteen-year-old Daniel was happy. "I'm glad we are going," he said. "I feel crowded here. There are too many houses and too many people." Father Boone made ready for the journey. He pushed out the big wagon   and tied two horses to it. Mother Boone packed clothes, dishes, pots and pans. She would make food for the family along the way. The family said goodbye to the neighbors and to their old home, and started.
Mother, the girls, and the little children rode in the wagon. Father and the boys took turns riding the horses. Sometimes all of the Boones walked so that the horses could rest.
Father and the boys had guns to kill birds and small animals for food along the way. The
Boones traveled across Pennsylvania. At last the family came to the green Yadkin Valley in North
Carolina. There were a few houses there already, but the farmland was much broader than that in
Pennsylvania.
Father Boone said, "This is good farmland. We will stop here."
The question is: Why did sometimes all of the Boones walk?
The possible answers are:
A:Because they wanted to find more food.
B:Because they felt bored on the horses.
C:Because they wanted the horses to have a rest.
D:Because they wanted to have a walk together.It all started a year before when my daughter Suzanne and I were shopping in Sydney. In the window of a sports shop I noticed a photo of a group of young people climbing the rock along a canyon . "That's what I'm going to do next year," I said. Suzanne laughed. "Sure, Mom! Don't forget you're 65 years old. "
I didn't feel l was that age! I joined a club and trained weekly. Each day I felt my physical energy increase and, along with it, my confidence. Then Suzanne pointed out, "It's good, but how can you clear away the fear of height?" "I've got it worked out, " I replied bravely. "We're going to the indoor climbing center. "
While I was going up the high wall, I was afraid to look down as if a terrible animal was after me. Some time later, as I reached the ground, I sat down heavily on the floor. Later that night, as I lay in bed, I encouraged myself, "You've climbed the wall! You'll certainly make it! "
We set off with our packages to the Grand Canyon. When we reached it, I found the canyon was a huge black hole--far deeper than I had imagined. As the guide clipped  me onto the rope, _ . Time lost all meaning as I pushed my body forward. Only the strong rope kept me from losing hope. I began to think it would never end when everyone had stopped. "This is as far as we go, and we can climb out after a few steps, " the guide said finally. Two and a half hours later, we returned to the car park at last. I began to shake, one hard step after another.
Getting onto the bus, I fell into the seat I had left so confidently a lifetime before. Then, while I was in the seat catching my breath, a feeling of happiness spread through me. I had done it, at the age of 66.
,.
The question is: What did the writer find when she reached the Grand Canyon?
The possible answers are:
A:She found it was very easy to climb the canyon.
B:She found she began to shake, one hard step after another.
C:She found the canyon was far deeper than she had imagined.
D:She found that a terrible animal was after her and she was afraid.Most people go to school or go to work by car or by bus. They think it's convenient . But I usually ride a bike to go to school. Here are some reasons :
It's healthy. Riding a bike is good exercise for us. It makes us feel good.
It's green. Riding a bike is green. It causes  very _ , so if more people ride bikes, the open air will be cleaner.
It's cheap. After spending  60 yuan on an old bike, you can ride and go to interesting places.
It's interesting. It's very interesting to ride a bike if you want to have a trip  with friends. You can stop if you like to see the beautiful things. You can also talk and sing happily and feel relaxed .
The question is: The writer is a   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:worker
B:student
C:nurse
D:policemanHe was 11 years old and went fishing every chance he got from the dock at his family's cabin on an island in the middle of a New Hampshire lake.
On the day before the bass season opened, he and his father were fishing early in the evening, catching sunfish and perch with worms. Then he tied on a small silver lure and practiced casting. The lure struck the water and caused colored ripples in the sunset, then silver ripples as the moon rose over the lake.
When his pole doubled over, he knew something huge was on the other end. Finally, he very gingerly lifted the exhausted fish from the water. It was the largest one he had ever seen, but it was a perch . The boy and his father looked at the handsome fish. Then the father lit a match  and looked at his watch. It was 10 P.M.--- two hours before the season opened. He looked at the fish, then at the boy.
"You'll have to put it back, son," he said.
"Dad!" cried the boy.
"There will be other fish," said his father.
"Not as big as this one," cried the boy.
He looked around the lake. No other fishermen or boats were anywhere around in the moonlight. He looked again at his father. Even though no one had seen them, nor could anyone ever know what time he caught the fish, the boy could know everything by his father's clear voice that the decision could not be changed. He slowly worked the hook  out of the lip of the huge bass and lowered it into the black water.
The creature swished its powerful body and disappeared. The boy suspected that he would never again see such a great fish.
That was 34 years ago. Today, the boy is a successful architect in New York City. His father's cabin is still there on the island in the middle of the lake. He takes his own son and daughters fishing from the same dock.
He was right. He has never again caught such a magnificent fish as the one he landed that night long ago. But he does see that same fish---again and again---every time he comes up against a question of ethics .
The question is: When does the architect (the father's son) think of that perch put back?
The possible answers are:
A:When he takes his own son and daughters fishing from the same dock.
B:When he builds many famous buildings.
C:When he pays a visit to his old father.
D:When he faces some problems about ethics.I am Bill Jones. I am a teacher of English. My wife is Linda Jones. She is a nurse. We have a daughter and a son. We have many friends.
Look! These are my friends. This is Mr. Black. He is a worker. He works in a shoe factory He makes shoes there. That's Mrs. Black. She is a worker on a farm near here. The girl is their daughter. She is a student. She is thirteen. The boy is their son. He is a young soldier . His name is Carl Black.
The question is: Where does Mr. Black work?
The possible answers are:
A:He works in a school.
B:He works on a farm.
C:He works in a shoe factory.
D:He works in a shoes shop.Unlike other people, my Olympic heroes are not Olympic champions or the important people on the Olympic Committee  . They are just the ordinary ones who do the everyday things. They work without the recognition   the famous people get. They are the Olympic volunteers.
These people aren't the great stars of sport. They just want to do their part for the Olympics by smiling and helping the Games go smoothly.The stars of the Games are like brightly colored sailboats on the sea, racing through the waves. How lovely to watch them! But the volunteers are the wind, which nobody sees. Without the wind the sailboats would not be able to move and no one would want to watch them. The volunteers breathe   the wind of life into the athletes.
The volunteers may never win medals, but they always do their best to encourage the _ , whether the athletes win or lose.Some might think what the volunteers do is boring, hardly worth mentioning  . But in my eyes, they are as important as the champions and the stars. They are just as much heroes, despite   not appearing in newspapers or on TV.
I truly admire them and I will always cheer for them. They are my Olympic heroes.
The question is: The writer compares the Olympic volunteers to.
The possible answers are:
A:brightly colored sailboats
B:the wind
C:the sun
D:the waterOne day Peng Xianzhe learned he would go to the Mashan School in Guizhou. The 16-year-old boy tried to imagine how serious the drought was for the students at that school. However, he realized it was more serious than he had imagined when he saw the sign "DON'T wash clothes with water,or you will be punished . "
Because of drought, the school has been short of water for a long time. Each student has only one bottle of water every day for washing and drinking. The drought has made the poor students much poorer.
Peng is a student from Beijing Chaoyang Foreign Language School. He took part in the school's Rain & Bow Project from April 2 to 10.
The project idea came from Peng's principal . One day, she heard a sad story about Li Guoxian, a poor girl in the Mashan School,who stopped going to school because of drought. The principal started this project to help the school. In one day, 3,000 students made over 10,000 donations of water,books and clothes.
Peng and other four students went to the Mashan School and gave the donations with five teachers. They visited poor families, made surveys and had classes at the school.
Ding Zhentao,16,was worried about the school's poor learning environment. "The blackboards and playground are too _ to use,"Ding said. "Besides, there really aren't enough teachers. A teacher has to teach both history and English, and even the cook is a class teacher. "
Although life isn't easy, students at the school have a positive attitude towards life and they are quite willing to learn. That's what moved 16-year-old Chen Shi most.
"They sang their songs together as usual before class every afternoon. After class, the students asked us to tell them things about Beijing and our studies," Chen said. "You can see the passion in them. I believe it will make a difference. Their futures will be bright. "
,.
The question is: How many people went to the Mashan School and gave the donations?
The possible answers are:
A:Four.
B:Five.
C:Nine.
D:Ten.What do you do if you are in trouble on a lonely island? Surely you need to find a way to get in touch with the outside world. Your best chance of doing this is to draw the attention of a passing plane.
Body signals
Pilots from different countries understand body signals if they have the correct training, When you wave your arms up and down in a straight line, it means, "yes". When you point downwards and swing your arm from side to side, it means "no". If you want the pilot to know that it's safe to land, push your hands out in front of you and bend your knees. If you want to say that it's not safe to land, put your arms in the air and move them to one side.
Smoke signals
The smoke from a fire can be seen from far away, so it's a good way to draw attention. If the weather is dry, it isn't hard to start a fire. Remember, however, that fires can be very dangerous if they get out of control. Never light a tire unless you're sure that it can't spread. If the ground is dark, light smoke can be seen more easily. Green grass and leaves produce light smoke.
Ground-to-air signals
It's a good idea lo build some signals, too. Use large pieces of wood to make the symbols  . If you can't find any wood, use earth. Some useful symbols are:
F "I need food and water"
II "I need medicine."
I "I am badly hurt."
X "I am unable lo move from here."
Pilots' replies
If the pilot lowers the plane's wings from side to side, this means: "message received and understood" (At night, the pilot flashes the plane's green lights.) If the pilot flies the plane in a clockwise circle, this means "message received hut not understood" (At night, the: pilot flashes the plants red lights.)
However, there is no signal which means "message not received.
The question is: What is the passage mainly about?
The possible answers are:
A:the explanation of body signals on an island.
B:The importance of making signals on an island.
C:Ways of living on a lonely island.
D:Ways of sending out signals on a lonely island.My name is Frank White. I'm fourteen years old. I was born on May 13th, 1992. Mike is my good friend. His birthday is May 15th.He is only 12 years old now. Every year on May 14th,we have a birthday party together at our school. We often have a pop concert. I play the guitar. He plays the drums. Many friends come  to our party. We are very happy .
The question is: Mike was born  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:on May 14th, 1992
B:on May 15th, 1994
C:on May 13th, 1994
D:on May 16th, 1992Born in Texas in 1893,Bessie Coleman drew she wanted to do something exciting with her life.Then Coleman saw her first airplane, and she knew she wanted to fly.But no school would teach her because she was a woman and a black woman.So Coleman went to Europe.At the age of twenty-eight, she became the world's first black woman to hold a pilot's license .Then she went home to fly in air shows .Soon she was called "Brave  Bessie."Bessie Coleman had wanted to open a flying school for black women.Sadly, she never saw her dream come true.She was killed in a plane crash.But Coleman is still remembered today.A group of black flies call themselves the "Bessie Coleman Aviators.
The question is: The best title is  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:Learning to Fly
B:The First Black Woman Pilot
C:Air Show of Long Ago
D:How Women Learned to FlyHello! My name's Mary Brown. I'm a girl. I like red. I have a red schoolbag. What's this? It's my red pencil box. Is that my ruler? Yes, it is. It is a red ruler. What's that? It is a watch. Is it my watch? No, it isn't. It's Bob's watch. It's blue.
The question is: The girl's favorite  color is  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:red
B:blue
C:brown
D:yellowJane was not a good student. Her head was in the clouds  most of the time. She wanted to listen in class, but other things seemed more important: her clothes, her hairstyle, films and television. Many times she tried to work hard at her lessons, but soon she became absent-minded.
One day, her math teacher gave the class an important lesson and told her students that there would be a test the next week. She helped them review all the week. Jane seemed to listen in class, but her mind went away again.
The day of the test arrived. Jane couldn't answer many of the questions on the exam. Mike, a very hard-working student, sat next to Jane. So Jane decided to copy his. Mike was very angry when he found Jane was copying his answers. He changed all his answers so that they were not right. Before the bell rang, Mike quickly changed his answers back into right ones. After the test, Mike turned to Jane and said, " All those answers you copied from my paper are wrong."
The question is: Jane thought a lot of things EXCEPT   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:her clothes
B:her study
C:films and television
D:her hairstyleMa Yun was born on October 15,1964 in Hangzhou, Zhejiang Province. He is the founder  of Alibaba Group.
At the age of 10, Ma Yun took an interest in English. Each morning, he rode his bike to Hangzhou Hotel to talk with foreigners. In 1988, he became an English teacher. Then Ma Yun met Bill Aho, an American businessman, in Hangzhou. In 1995, he visited the United States for the first time. He stayed with Mr. Aho's family. There, he was introduced to the World Wide Web. Then he returned home and set up one of China's first web companies , China Yellowpages in the same year. On February 21,1999, he _ Alibaba. He chose Alibaba as the name because everyone knew the story of Alibaba.
Ma Yun had problems along the way. But his hard work made Alibaba an online success.
The question is: According to the passage, which of the following is NOT TRUE?
The possible answers are:
A:Ma Yun was born on the 15th of October, 1964.
B:He set up Alibaba Group.
C:In 1995, he was introduced to the World Wide Web.
D:Ma Yun chose Alibaba as the name because he liked the story of Alibaba.Monkeys are clever and lively, but they are naughty and greedy   as well. Whenver they find delicious food, they will eat enough.  What's more, they will take it when they leave. They have suffered   a lot because of this. But they never change this way.
In India, people use monkey's greed to catch them. Do you know how they can catch monkeys? Here are some instructions.
*              Make a hole in a big pumpkin  . The hole must be just right     ----neither too big nor too small.
*              Put some jujubes   in the hole.
*              Leave the pumpkin under a tree. Make sure there are some monkeys in   the tree.
*              Hide yourself and watch the monkeys.
As soon you leave, the monkeys can't wait to come down to the pumpkin. When they find a hole in the pumpkin, they don't know what's in it and one of them can't help putting its hand into the hole to find what on earth there is. When it touches the jujubes, it will clench   some of them in its hand. As a result, it isn't able to take its fist   out of the hole. You can't come close until this time. Will the monkey drop off the pumpkin? Don't worry. It prefers the pumpkin than its life. It will run with the pumpkin, clenching its fist more tightly. In the end, it is caught helplessly.
The question is: "The hole must be just right" means it is  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:big enough for the monkey to put its hand in
B:smaller than a monkey's hand
C:bigger than a monkey's fist
D:bigger than a monkey's hand but smaller than its fistNews
Place: playground 
Time: 5:00pm this Thursday
Program : a friendly soccer game between Class 3 and Class 4
Lost
Hello, everyone! Do you see a cat in the park? Its name is Molly. It is a black cat. If you see Molly, please call Mary at 820-9291.
Wanted
Do you play the guitar well? We need a guitar teacher to teach kids between the ages of seven and ten. The work time is from Tuesday to Saturday, 300 yuan for each day. Welcome to join us.
The question is: If Miss Jones gets the teacher job, how much can she get a week?
The possible answers are:
A:300 yuan.
B:900 yuan.
C:1500 yuan.
D:1800 yuan.When someone says, "I guess I'll have to face the music", it doesn't mean he is going to a concert. It is something unhappy. For example, a student is called in by his teacher to explain why he didn't finish his homework.
Every American, young or old, knows the phrase "to face the music" well. It's at least 100 years old. Where did the expression come from?
One explanation   is about the American writer James Fennimore Cooper. He said the expression was first used by actors. When they were asked to perform, they would say, "It's time to face the music." And that is exactly what they did-face the band which is just below the stage  .
An actor might be nervous when he moved onto the stage in front of the audience  . But he had to go out. So, "to face the music" came to mean having to go through something no matter how unhappy it might be, because you had no choice.
The other explanation comes from the army. The soldiers had to face their leader's check. They were worried about how well they looked. Were their guns clean enough to pass the check? Still, the men had to go out to face the check. What else could they do?
The question is: Which of the following is NOT true according to the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:Here are two explanations about the expression "to face the music".
B:The music in "to face the music" is a kind of terrible music.
C:When you face the music, it means that you must go through it.
D:When someone says he has to face the music, he will have no choice.Healthy eating habit along with regular exercise is the only way to become fit. If you have the correct number of _ and exercise regularly, you will lose weight, keep fit, and feel great, too.
During your teenage years, it is important to give your body the energy it needs. If you skip   meals, you won't get enough calories, and then you will feel tired. By the way, calorie is just another word for energy. About 50% of your calories should come from rice, bread, vegetables and fruit. You also need to drink a lot of water, 6 to 8 glasses a day. Water helps keep your system clean. Drinking enough water will make your skin better and make you healthy.
Exercise is something that can help to make you look good, feel good and be healthy. Experts suggest that teenagers spend at least 30 minutes exercising a day, five times a week. That is easy to do! You can walk or ride your bike to school, and do sports at school. However, teenagers often give up sports, saying they have no time left after their studies. In fact, doing exercise can help them sleep better at night and increase their ability to focus on their study.
If you follow the suggestions above, you will look and feel much better and become fit.
The question is: What's the main idea of this passage?
The possible answers are:
A:How to eat food.
B:How to keep fit.
C:How to lose weight.
D:How to exercise.Now scientists have discovered that the dogs behave like their masters, too. Just like children, they use a " look and learn" ways when they go about their tasks.
Scientists at Oxford universities designed an experiment to test if the dogs have the ability to copy humans' actions by using a simple wooden box. 10 owners showed their dogs how to open the wooden box .Sometimes they use their heads to push it and sometimes they use their hands.
10 dogs were divided into two groups---Group1 and Group2. In the first part of the test, Group1 were rewarded with a piece of meat for copying their owner's actions. Group2 were rewarded with food for not copying and using other ways. With each dog the experiment was repeated hundreds of times. Scientists recorded the time to see which group was first to get 85% right. They found that Group1finished the task much sooner than Group2.
In the second part of the test, all the dogs were only rewarded for copying the way that their owners used. Group1 reached the 85% mark more quickly than Group2.
So the scientists draw a conclusion: "Like humans, dogs can copy actions that they see. Dogs' imitative behavior is shaped more by their interactions with humans than by evolution ."
Scientists said,"A dog's behavior is influenced much like that of a child; they look and learn similar behavior. We hope that owners understand the importance of their actions and use this knowledge to set good examples and therefore have a good effect on the behavior of their pets."
The question is: From the experiment, we know   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:It took the two groups of dogs the same time to finish the required task.
B:The dogs that copied their masters finished the required task much sooner.
C:The dogs that were encouraged to copy their masters finished the task more slowly..
D:The dogs that were encouraged not to copy their masters finished the task more quickly..Everyone tries to get to school on time. But when bad weather gives you trouble, can you still make it before the bell rings?
In northern China during spring, big sandstorms often make trouble for students and everyone else. When the sky is dark with sand, buses and cars all move much more slowly. Sometimes, people can't even see for 20 metres.
Sandstorms usually happen in spring. This year, sandstorms started in late March. They have happened in more than 10 provinces    in northern China this year. More than 70 million people have had problems in those places because of the sandstorms.
People in southern China don't have to worry about this kind of bad weather. Most of the sand comes from Gansu and Inner Mongolia . In northern China, lots of places have few trees and don't get much rain. People there have been cutting down too many trees. When there aren't many trees, the ground can't keep enough water. Over the years, the ground dries up and turns to sand. When spring comes and the ice melts , the ground becomes looser . Strong winds take the loose sand into the sky.
Sandstorms are bad for people's health. If people breathe  too much sand, they could cough or have asthma .
Sandstorms also give farmers lots of problems. Sometimes their sheep get lost in the storms and never get back home. The winds also tear down farmers' houses.
What can you do to stop sandstorms? Here's an idea: Ask you parents to help you plant some trees this spring.
If you see people cutting down too many trees, tell them about the dangers of sandstorms, and ask your government to stop them from cutting.
The question is: According to the passage, what cannot be caused by sandstorms?
The possible answers are:
A:Health problems.
B:Traffic problems.
C:The loss of farm animals.
D:Noise pollution.* You'll never be good at Maths.
It's generally accepted that boys are good at Maths and girls aren't. The fact is that it isn't true.
When girls reach their teens, most of them lose their interest in Maths. They think they are females. They want to stay away from things that are boys' things, and Maths is still thought of to be a boy's thing. The Maths class is hard, but if you give it a chance, you could be great at Maths, especially because you are a girl.
* Being skinny is good.
Lots of websites tell visitors that losing interest in eating is a beautiful thing. They are lying. Losing interest in eating is a disease, not a healthy thing. It can kill you.
* You are not supposed to make as much money as a guy.
It's said that in 2014 women who work full-time earn about 23 percent less than guys earn. Once you see real women successful in cool jobs, you'll truly get that you're worth just as much or more than any guys.
* Caffeine   will help you study better.
Caffeinated soft drinks have long been advertised as must-haves for women when you have to work very hard. But if you want to do your body a big favor, you'd better give up caffeine.
The question is: Which of the flowing is NOT true?
The possible answers are:
A:Being skinny is good for girls' health.
B:Girls sometimes can do better than boys in Maths.
C:Girls earned as much money as boys did in 2014
D:We'd better give up caffeine.Mr. White is an American. He is 38. He teaches science in a school now. He is always busy. Every day he gets up early and gets home late. He is strict in his work. His favorite sport is soccer. He often plays soccer with his students on Fridays. He wants to be a newspaper reporter because he likes writing stories. He hopes he can come to China next year.
,(10)
The question is: What does he like doing?
The possible answers are:
A:Writing stories
B:Reading English
C:Playing basketball
D:Playing chessBenjamin Franklin was born on January 17, 1706 in Boston, America. He is best known as a scientist and politician  today. One of his most famous inventions is the lightning rod .And he is also regarded as "the Founder of the United States" because of his success in politics. However, he is not just an inventor and politician.
Franklin is a great chess player. He started playing chess in 1733 and this made him the first chess player in the American history. He wrote a book about his story of playing chess in December,1786. In this book, he hoped to find connections between chess and life. He and his friend even used chess to learn Italian. It was a very interesting experience in his early life.
Not only a great chess player, Franklin is also known to play the violin ,the harp  , and the guitar. He used some glasses to produce a clear and sweet sound just like birds' singing.
Benjamin Franklin died at his home in the USA at the age of 84. There were about 20,000 people who were present at his funeral . People respect him, love him and believe he is one of the four greatest men in the world.
The question is: Which of the following is TRUE according to the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:Benjamin Franklin was not good at writing.
B:Very few people appeared in Franklin's funeral.
C:Learning Italian by chess was interesting for Franklin.
D:Benjamin Franklin can play both the piano and the guitar.Once upon a time, two men were walking in the forest. One was thin and tall, and very bad too. The other was fat and short, and very honest. The tall man said to the short man, "We are good friends. If any beast comes, I'll help you." The short man said, " Of course, we are good friends. We will help each other."
At that time, a bear came to them. The tall man climbed up the tree quickly to hide himself in the branches and forgot his promise to the short man. But the fat man couldn't climb the tree. He said to his friend, "Help me! Help me! I can't climb up. Look! The bear is coming!" The tall man said, "No! No! No! You can't stay with me. The tree is not strong."
The bear was coming. The short man lay down under the tree, pretending to be dead and holding his breath. The bear smelled around his body. It doesn't touch the dead.
After the bear went away without harming the short man, the tall man came down and asked the short man, "What did the bear whisper in your ear when it was close to you?" The short man answered, "the bear told me not to believe such a selfish friend like you. And it also said that a friend in need is a friend indeed."
The question is: When the bear came, the tall man   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:climbed up the tree
B:helped the short man
C:lay down under the tree
D:lost his lifeChristopher Reeve was born in September, 1952. He was in his first school play when he was eight and he started to act in TV shows and films while he was still in college. He made many successful films and TV shows but he is most famous for his Superman films.
Unfortunately, disaster came in 1995 when he fell from his horse and broke his back. The doctors did not expect him to live. However, he made amazing progress. At first, he couldn't breathe without a machine, but he learnt to breathe on his own. He would never walk again but he started a new life with great courage.
The second year after his accident, Christopher returned to film making. He also raised a lot of money to promote medical research into back injuries. He made speeches all over the USA about his experiences. This not only drew public attention to research into back injuries but also encouraged a lot of people living with all kinds of problems.
From their home, Christopher and his wife Dana spoke about their life after the accident.
Could you say something about your life after the accident?
"Four days after the accident, I came to understand my situation. The doctors said I was not going to pull through. Those days were terrible. But my wife Dana said, "You are still you and I love you. Be confident in yourself." And that saved my life. Since that moment I have never thought of giving up."
What do you think of your family?
"Great! Dana is so wonderful.We have always got on really well.My parents often quarreled with each other when I was young.But they've got closer since the accident."
How do you spend your time?
"I spend most of my time on charity work to improve the life for all disabled people.I think they need my help. With the progress of new medical research, I'm confident that people like me would be able to walk again one day. So you can see _ !"
Christopher Reeve died on October 10, 2004. But people all over the world will always remember him as a superhero.
The question is: Whom was Reeve most thankful to?
The possible answers are:
A:His parents
B:The film company
C:His wife
D:The doctorsBags of Love
Last year, I worked in a middle school near my mother's house, and I stayed with her for a month. During that time, I helped her do some housework and buy some food.
After the first week, I noticed that the food was eaten up very quickly. Then I began keeping an eye on my mum. To my surprise, I found that she would put some of the food into a paper bag and go out with it at about nine every morning. And finally, I decided to follow her. I saw her taking the food to the street children. She would also spend a lot of time talking and playing with them.
One day, I talked to a neighbour and found out that my mum was well-known in the area. The children were very friendly with her and even thought of her as their own mother. Then it hit me - why wouldn't she want to tell me about it? Was she worried that I would stop buying food if I found out?
When my mum got home, I gave her a big hug  .I told her she didn't need to keep it a secret from me. And she told me something about the children. Some of them lived with an old lady in a small house. Others slept on the street. For years, she was helping the poor street children by giving them food. After she told me everything, I was so moved by how selfless   she was. She helped others in need. As her son, I was so proud of my mum.
I continued to buy food for my mum after that. But I always added one more bag for her other children.
The question is: The street children thought of the writer's mum as their   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:old grandma
B:own mother
C:new neighbour
D:dear teacherDo you want to save money when you travel by train? Here are some ways .
Day Returns:
This kind of ticket can save you 45% on the fare.You have to travel before 8.00 a.m. and after 6.00 p.m from Monday to Friday, but you can travel at any time on Saturday or Sunday.
Big City Savers :
You can save much money with these tickets.You have to buy them by 4.00 p.m the day before you travel.
Monthly Returns :
You can use these tickets for most journeys over 65 miles. Go any day return within(.....) a month. Monthly Returns can save you 25% on the fare.
Family Returns:
You can get a card of Family Returns for PS20. After you buy your own ticket ,you need to pay only PS3 for each of the other family members.You can travel as often as you like within two months.
The question is: Mr Wu has a card of Family Returns , he buys himself a ticket of PS15 and three tickets for his family,how much will he pay?
The possible answers are:
A:PS 47
B:PS 27
C:PS 24
D:PS15There are about fifteen hundred languages in the world. But only a few of them are very important. English is one of them. Many, many people use it, not only in England and the USA, but also in other parts of the world. About 200,000,000 people speak it as their own language. It is difficult to say how many people are learning it as a foreign language. Many millions of people are trying to do so. Is it easy or difficult to learn English? Different people may have different answers. Have you ever noticed ads  of this kind in the newspapers or magazines? "Learn English in six weeks, or give your money back..." "Easy and funny..." "Our records and tapes help you master English in a month". Of course, it never happened quite like that.
The only language that seems easy to learn is the mother tongue. We should remember that we all learned our own language well when we were children. If we could learn English in the same way, it would not seem so difficult. Think of what a small child does. He listens to what people say. He tries what he hears.
So it is hard to say that learning English is easy. We must do a lot of practice. And practice needs great efforts and takes much time. Good teachers, record, tapes, books, and dictionaries will be helpful, but they cannot do the student's work for him.
The question is: How many languages are very important in the world?
The possible answers are:
A:A few
B:Few
C:About 1500
D:ManyWhen I'm in trouble, I always take out a book and read quietly. I put my heart into it so that I'll forget all the troubles. I've formed the habit of reading in this way.
When I was a little boy, I was interested in picture books and storybooks. When I was a middle school student, I began to read novels, plays, essays   and so on. I found I could get much from them. Little by little I took great interest in literature   and last term I won the first prize in the composition contest among middle school students in our city.
Reading The Emperor's New Clothes, I had to let out a burst of laughter over his silly action. The Little Match Girl couldn't keep me from crying for her misery  . Robinson Crusoe took me into a strange world full of danger. And I was also deeply impressed   by Helen Keller's perseverance  . Besides these, books also tell me other things -- how to be a brave man and how to tell the difference between the right and the wrong. In a word, good books can make me know what I didn't know before. So I think of good books as my best friends.
I'll never forget this famous saying, "Good books are the best friends who never turn their backs upon us."
The question is: When did the writer begin to take interest in literature?
The possible answers are:
A:When he was in primary school.
B:When he was in middle school.
C:When he was at college.
D:After he left college.Unless we spend money to spot(,) and prevent asteroids  now, one might crash into Earth and destroy life as we know it, say some scientists.
Asteroids are bigger versions of the meteoroids  that race across the night sky. Most orbit the sun far from Earth and don't threaten us. But there are also thousands of asteroids whose orbits put them on a collision course with Earth.
But $500 million worth of new telescopes right now, then spend $10 million a year for the next 25 years to locate most of the space rocks. By the time we spot a fatal one, the scientists say, we'll have a way to change its course.
Is it worth it? Two things experts consider when judging any risk are (i) How likely the event is; (2) How bad the consequences if the event occurs. Experts think an asteroid big enough to destroy lots of life might strike Earth once every 500,000 years. Sounds pretty rare but if one did fall. It would be the end of the world. "If we don't take care of these bid asteroids, they'll take care of us," says one scientist. "it's that simple."
The cure, though, might be worse than the disease. Do we really want fleets(,) of nuclear weapons sitting around on Earth? "the world has less fear from doomsday  rocks than from a great nuclear fleet set against them." Said a New York Times article.
The question is: What does the passage say about asteroids and meteoroids?
The possible answers are:
A:They are heavenly bodies different in composition.
B:They are heavenly bodies similar in nature.
C:They are more asteroids than meteoroids.
D:Asteroids are more mysterious than meteoroids.Jack was a skilled artist with a wife and two sons. One night, his elder son had a stomachache  . Thinking it was only some common intestinal  disorders, neither Jack nor his wife took it seriously. But the boy died suddenly that night.
Knowing the death could have been avoided if he had only realized the seriousness of the situation, Jack always felt guilty. His wife left him a short time later, leaving him alone with his six-year-old younger son. The hurt and pain of the two situations were more than that Jack could stand, so he turned to alcohol   for help. Later, Jack began to lose everything he had --- his land, house, etc. Finally Jack died alone in a small bar. Hearing of Jack's death, I thought, "What a totally wasted life! What a complete failure!"
As time went by, I knew Jack's younger son who grew into an adult, Ernie. He is one of the kindest and most loving men I have ever known. I saw the love between Ernie and his children, thinking that kindness and caring had to come from somewhere. One day, I asked him what his father had done so that he became such a special person. Ernie said quietly, "As a child until I left home at 18, Jack came into my room every night, gave me a kiss and said, 'love you, son'."
The question is: What made Ernie a loving man?
The possible answers are:
A:His school teaching.
B:The author's help.
C:The love from his father.
D:His mother's love.Jane is only four years o1d and she doesn't go to school. But she is very clever and learns a lot from her grandpa--an old teacher. One day, Jane's mother, Mrs John takes her to a party. The guests all praise a rich woman's son. Mrs John asks him a few questions, but his answers are wrong. Jane begins to laugh.
The rich woman is angry.  She te11s her friend--a teacher to ask Jane some questions, but the little girl answers all. Then she asks, ''There are three birds in a tree. How many will be left if I kill one?"
"One" answers Jane. "You're wrong!" calls out the rich woman. "All of them will fly away","Do you think a dead bird can fly?"asks the little girl.
The guests begin to 1augh and the woman's face turns red.
The question is: Why is the rich woman angry with Jane?
The possible answers are:
A:Jane laughs at her son.
B:Jane is a gir1.
C:Her son can't answer the questions.
D:Jane answers all the questions.There are five people in my family. We all like watching TV, but we like different TV shows .
My grandpa is a great fan  of Beijing Opera . He likes watching it very much. Now he is in a Beijing Opera club . There he talks about Beijing Opera and acts in it with other Beijing Opera fans.
My grandma likes cross talk , and she often watches it on TV. Her favorite cross talker is Guo Degang.
My father is a reporter from a TV station . He watches all kinds of TV shows, but his favorite TV show is news.
My mother is a teacher. Her favorite TV shows are soap operas . She thinks they are very interesting. But I think they are very boring.
I like playing basketball, so my favorite TV shows are sports shows. I like watching basketball games best on TV.
What kind of TV shows do your family like?
The question is: What does the writer think of soap operas?
The possible answers are:
A:Exciting
B:Boring
C:Interesting
D:RelaxingThe Great Fire of London started in the very early hours of September 2,1666.In four days it destroyed more than three quarters of the old city,where most of those houses were built out of wood and close together.One hundred thousand people became homeless but only few lost their lives.The fire started on Sunday moring.By eight o'clock three hundred houses were on fire.On Monday nearly a kilometer of the city was burning along the River Thames.Tuesday was the worst day.The fire destroyed many well-known buildings.
The fire stopped only when the king finally ordered people to destroy hundreds of buildings in the path  of the fire.With nothing left to burn,the fire became weak and finally died out.
The question is: How long did the fire last?
The possible answers are:
A:Two days.
B:Three days.
C:More than four days.
D:Half a month.I am a writer. My job is to write something for the newspaper. I work very hard. Every morning I get up at seven. I take some exercise and then have a light breakfast. Then I drive to my office. It takes me thirty minutes, so I usually get there earlier than others.
I am very busy. I think every minute counts, so I plan my work very carefully. I keep a diary to help me remember things. I meet and talk with many people. I make lots of telephone calls. I often go out and visit many people. I come back home at seven. I often watch TV at supper time. Then I begin to write down what I know. I like being busy.
The question is: How does he go to his office?
The possible answers are:
A:By car
B:By bike
C:By bus
D:By trainBefore Christmas Mr Smith broke his right leg and had to stay in hospital. When he was there, he always asked his doctor when he could go home. He didn't like to spend Christmas in hospital. Though the doctor did his best, Mr Smith didn't get better. So on Christmas Day he was still in hospital. He spent a bad day in bed thinking that he missed a lot of fun on such a happy day.
The next day the doctor told him that he might be well enough to leave hospital in time for the New Year. Mr  Smith was very happy to think that he would spend New Year's Day outside hospital. Soon Mr Smith left hospital and on New Year's Eve he went to a party. He enjoyed himself there. But he drank too much. On his way home that night, he had a fall and broke his left leg. What a unlucky man he was!
The question is: Mr. Smith felt   _   on Christmas Day.
The possible answers are:
A:happy
B:sad
C:better
D:wellOnce upon a time if we wanted to make a phone call or wait for someone to contact us, we had to sit at home or at our desks. There were public phones in the street of course, _ . And of course you had to bring a lot of coins to pay for the calls.
So people didn't phone their friends as often. Mobile phones, these small pieces of electronic equipment which allow us to talk with friends and family while we are on the move, have greatly changed the way we live. Before the age of the mobile phone, our loved ones would sit around worried sick if we were late coming home. There were no quick calls to tell mum that there would be additional guests coming for dinner. We would have to depend on notes left on fridges or desks to communicate messages.
But mobile phones have also had a negative effect and what people don't seem to realize is that we've lost something very valuable: our privacy. Now our friends and family can contact us wherever and whenever they want to. We can never get away from them. The way people communicate with each other is totally different now. It's difficult to have a conversation face-to-face with a friend without being disturbed every couple of minutes by the ring of their phones, ,most people don't see anything wrong in having a long conversation on their mobile phone while forgetting all about the person sitting opposite. It seems the art of real conversation may be dying.
Of course, people could leave their mobile phones at home or even switch them off but no one ever does that. Why not? Because the worrying thing is we can't live without our phones. We've become communication addicts, unable to spend even a few minutes out of contact, in case we miss something  'important'.
The question is: What's the writer's point about using telephones before the invention of mobile phones?
The possible answers are:
A:Using a telephone was expensive.
B:Phone calls were much shorter.
C:People made fewer phone calls.
D:People relied on notes a lot.Hi! Let me tell you something about my beautiful house. There is a small garden in front of it. There are many beautiful flowers in the garden. Behind my house there is a big tree. Some birds always sing in it early in the morning. Near the tree, you can see a _ . Our new car is in it now.
My house is a two-storey  building. On the first floor, there is a large living room, a dining room, a kitchen and a bathroom. I like watching TV in the living room. On the second floor, there is a small study and two bedrooms. I love to play computer games in my study.
It's a nice house. I like it a lot.
The question is: There is   _   on the first floor.
The possible answers are:
A:a bedroom
B:a garage
C:a bathroom
D:a studyMike's father, Mr. Lee, is a farmer. He lives on the farm. He is happy to see his son move to a new flat in the city. One day, Mr. Lee comes to visit his son with a big orange pumpkin, about 10 kg. He grows it all by himself. "I'll let my son share it with his neighbours  . Everyone likes pumpkin. Then Mike and his neighbours will become good friends," Mr. Lee thinks.
At noon, Mr. Lee gets to the community centre . The building is so tall. There are twenty floors. Mike lives on the sixteenth floor. But he is not at home.
Mr. Lee thinks, "I'll give the pumpkin to Mike's neighbours. They will be glad too see the gift." And he does it. But to his surprise, the neighbour on the left says coldly, "Thank you, but I don't like it at all."The woman on the right says nothing and closes the door quickly.
The old man feels sad. At last, he goes to the market, sells it and goes back home. "Are they really neighbours? " he says to himself. He doesn't know why.
The question is: What does Mr. Lee want Mike to do with the pumpkin?
The possible answers are:
A:He wants Mike to share it with his neighbours.
B:He wants Mike to make a pumpkin lantern.
C:He wants Mike to cook it and eat it by himself.
D:He wants Mike to sell it at the market.A famous teacher was speaking to the students at our school.He began his lesson by holding up a Y=100 bill.Then he said to the three hundred students,"Who would like this Y=100 bill?"The students began to put up their hands at once.
Then he said,"I am going to give this Y=100 to one of you,but first,let me do this."He then made the bill into a ball.Then he said,"Who wants it now?"The hands went back into the air.
"Well,"he said,"what if I do this?"and he dropped it on the floor and stepped on it.He picked up the dirty,crumpled bill and said,"Who still wants it?"Hands went back into the air.
"My friends,"he said,"you have learned a valuable lesson today.No matter what I did to the money,you still wanted it because it did not go down in value .It was still worth Y=100!"
Many times in our lives,we are dropped,crumpled,and stepped on by the chances we take and the things that happen to us.We feel as if we are worth nothing.But remember,no matter what has happened to you,you will never lose your value:you are always valuable to those people who love you.Your value doesn't come from what you do or whom you know,but who you are.
You are special and valuable.Don't ever forget it!
The question is: Even though it was dirty,the money  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:still went up in value
B:was worth nothing
C:didn't go down in value
D:was still oursWhen you meet someone for the first time, you will get a general idea in your mind of that person in the first moment. Your feelings about other people, however, are really just show the way that you look at yourself. Your reactions to others say more about you than they do about others. You cannot really love or hate about yourself. We are usually drawn to those who are most like us and may dislike those who have the same characters as ourselves that we dislike.
Therefore, you can allow others to be the mirror to see more clearly your own feelings of self-worth. And, you can view the people you judge negatively   as mirrors to show you what you are not accepting about yourself.
To live peacefully with others, you will need to learn patience. A big challenge is to let your judgment of others be a lifelong research of yourself. Your task is to consider all the decisions and judgments you make onto others carefully and to begin to see whether you can use them to help yourself and become whole.
Several days ago I had a business lunch with a man who showed _ table manners. My first feeling was to judge him as rude. When I noticed that I was judging him, I stopped and asked myself what I was feeling. I discovered that I was nervous to be seen with someone who was eating with his mouth open and loudly blowing his nose. I was very surprised to find how much I cared about how the other people in the restaurant judged me.
Remember that your judgment of someone will not serve as some kind of protective thing against you becoming like him. Just because I judge my lunch partner as rude, it does not prevent me from ever looking or acting like him. In the same way, my patience to him would not cause me to suddenly begin eating my food with my mouth open.
When you get close to life in this manner, those with whom you hate very much as well as those whom you admire and love can be seen as mirrors, guiding you to discover parts of yourself that you dislike and to embrace your greatest characters you are proud of.
The question is: The writer writes the passage to   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:tell us a story that happened in a restaurant
B:ask us not to behave rudely in some public places
C:encourage us to have the right attitude towards others
D:advise us to know ourselves from judging others properlyMrs. White comes from America. She is an English teacher in No. 12 High School of Guangzhou. She speaks Chinese a little and often has Chinese classes. She likes here very much. She often says the Chinese people are very nice. She is Lucy and Lily's mom. Lucy and Lily live in America with their dad, Mr. White. They are students. They have some Chinese pen pals.
,.
The question is: Where is Mrs. White from?
The possible answers are:
A:China.
B:Canada.
C:America.
D:Shenzhen.Mr. Brad wants to see a film. After lunch, he goes to a cinema, buys a ticket  and goes in. But after two or three minutes he comes out again and buys a second ticket and then walks in again.
After a few minutes he comes out again and buys a third ticket. Two or three minutes after that, he comes out a third time and asks for another ticket. But the girl says to him, "Why are you buying all these tickets? Are you meeting your friends in the cinema all the time?" "No, I'm not doing that." Mr. Brad says, "But a big woman always stops me at the gate of the cinema and she tears  all my tickets." The girl has a good laugh and says, "One ticket is enough. She is on duty."
The question is: Mr. Brad buys   _   tickets altogether  .
The possible answers are:
A:two
B:three
C:four
D:fiveWatson won his most important game and became Southern Chess Master  in 1977.He was given the silver  cup.
"It isn't rightly mine."he said,when he was holding the cup,  "It was won two years ago when I was on holiday in...."
"A family was staying at my hotel at that time.Mrs Prang,the mother,was told that I played chess;and she begged me to give her young son a game." "He's only ten."She said,Ive been told that you play quite well."
"Well,as you can guess.I wasn't too happy. A player likes the opponent  to play as well as he does. But it was holiday time and I agreed to play. We placed the board  in the garden. The game began .I hoped it would be quick-----and so it was."
"I soon knew that David Prang was no learner.After ten minutes his sister came outside and began to play tennis against in our game. He moved a piece  without care. I gave my attention to the board."
"Call me when you are ready,Mr Watson,"he said.
"When I was ready?" I looked up. He had gone off to play with his sister,I studied the board-----and found I was driven into a corner. So it went on with David;a quick move,then tennis,back to the board,then back to his sister.My difficult condition became impossible to change. I was beaten,oh,so easily,by a ten-year-old chess player. He was the winner--in twenty-eight minutes."
"David Prang:a name to remember.I had a chance to use his game today and it won this cup for me. To him,of course,it'sonly one of a hundred,or perhaps a thousand,winning games."
The question is: When Mr Watson said "it isn' t rightly mine. It was won...."he meant  _  two years before.
The possible answers are:
A:he had played chess with a little boy for twenty-eight minutes
B:he had had a chance to take part in an important game
C:he had learned how to play chess from a child
D:he had learned a good game from a child.Do you know the famous pop singer, Han Geng ? He was born on Feb. 9, 1984.In fact, he is really a handsome boy. He is 181cm high. He can dance, sing , and do a little Kungfu
He is in the famous group of Super Junior.  I think he sings best .He is my favorite singer. He not only loves singing and dancing very much but also can dance 56 kinds of dances. And he can also play in the movie very well.
He loves the stage very much and he loves his fans very much ,too. Everyone who knows him says he is really a kind boy. His best friend is Kim Heechul, who also belongs to   the Super
Junior. They are best friends in the group.
The question is: Can he act in the movie?
The possible answers are:
A:No ,he can't.
B:Yes , he is
C:Yes ,he does.
D:Yes he canOne day an Indian went to see his doctor. The doctor looked him over and said, "Medicine won't help you. You must have a good rest. Go to a quiet country place for a month, go to bed early, drink milk, walk a lot, and smoke only one cigar  a day."
A month later, the Indian came to see the doctor again. "How are you?" said the doctor. "I'm glad to see you again. You look much younger." "Oh, doctor, I feel quite well now," said the Indian, "I had a good rest. I went to bed early. I drank a lot of milk. I walked a lot. You certainly helped me. But you told me to smoke one cigar a day, and that almost  killed me at first. It was not easy to begin smoking at my age."
The question is: When the Indian came to see the doctor again,  _  .          .
The possible answers are:
A:the Indian felt quite well
B:the doctor wasn't free
C:the Indian was younger
D:the doctor looked him over againA couple from Miami, Bill and Simone Butler, spent sixty-six days in a life-raft  in the seas of Central America after their boat sank.
Twenty-one days after they left Panama in their boat, Simony, they met some whales. "They started to hit the side of the boat," said Bill, "and then suddenly we heard water." Two minutes later, the boat was sinking. They jumped into the life-raft and watched the boat go under the water.
For twenty days they had tins of food, biscuits, and bottles of water. They also had a fishing-line and a machine to make salt water into drinking water -- two things which saved their lives. They caught eight to ten fish a day and ate them raw . Then the line broke. "So we had no more fish until something very strange happened. Some sharks came to feed, and the fish under the raft were afraid and came to the surface. I caught them with my hands."
About twenty ships passed them, but no one saw them. After fifty days at sea their life-raft was beginning to break up. Then suddenly it was all over. A fishing boat saw them and picked them up. They couldn't stand up.
So the captain carried them onto his boat and took them to Costa Rica. Their two months at sea was over.
The question is: During their days at sea,   _   saved their lives.
The possible answers are:
A:tins of food and bottles of water
B:a fishing-line and a machine
C:whales and sharks
D:Twenty passing shipsBooks are our best friends. They are very quiet, but we can always find both fun and knowledge once we open them. Here are two good books you can read during the holiday.
Book: The Little Prince 
French writer :Antoine de Saint-Exupery
Both adults and children love this classic book. It is about the adventure of a young prince. It shows the importance of innocence (  ) ,imagination and love. The little prince comes from planet B-612. In his eyes ,adults are all very strange. Unlike them, he sees the essence  of things .He cares more about a flower and a sheep than the " important" things of adult world.
The prince lives on his planet with a rose. He loves the rose very much. But he soon feels tired and leaves his planet. He meets many more strange adults on other planets. On Earth, he discovers interesting things such as a snake, other roses and a fox. The fox tells him a secret :Only the heart can discover the most important things. This helps the prince realize his love for the rose and he goes back to his planet.
Book: To Succeed on One's Own(  )
American Writer :Liu Yong
Writer Liu Yong from Taiwan wrote this book for his daughter .It can help young people succeed. The book teaches you about student-teacher relationship, how to use your free time and even what kind of clothes to wear. It answers many of teenagers' most common questions. Liu uses his daughter's stories as an example to help readers understand the principles  . His book is far from boring. There are lively stories and dialogues,
with objective analysis ,hope and confidence  from a good father.
,.
The question is: Who did Liu Yong write " To succeed on one's own" for?
The possible answers are:
A:His daughter.
B:His students.
C:Teenagers.
D:Young peopleEvery morning Tom goes to work by train. He has a long way to go. So he always buys a newspaper. It helps him to spend the time on the train. Tom likes sport very much. One morning on the train he is reading something about the football match. So he forgets to get off the train at his station. He doesn't know it. When he finishes reading, he looks out of the window. It's far from his station. He gets off at the next station. He has to go back by train. Of course, he is late for work.
The question is: Tom goes to work by   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:train
B:bike
C:car
D:busAmericans think much about time. From children they learn to value   time. As children they are taught to be on time to go to school, to work and to do everything. When they are having a good time, they say that time goes easily. When a person is dying, they say he is living on a borrowed time.
Time is money. Time is knowledge. Time is everything in America. A working American has to work hard for eight hours a day or forty hours a week. This is the working time. In his free time, he also works hard for more money. Even on Saturday and Sunday he also works hard as usual. In the street you can hardly see a man walking slowly. They walk very fast. In fact, they are running.
They love time because time can bring them money and lots of things. But sometimes they also hate time , because they feel they have become servants  of the clock.
The question is: Americans think it to be wrong  _
The possible answers are:
A:to work early
B:to get up early
C:to be late for school
D:to be on time to do everythingEverybody can suffer from stress. No matter what your age is, you can feel stressed out by things that are happening in your life.
Teenagers, however, have many more opportunities to get stressed than people in any other age group. Being a teenager is hard. You are not a child any more, but you are not an adult, even though you have to deal with some very grown-up problems and decisions.
Families can be one of the biggest causes of stress, such as problems with parents arguing at home or problems with brothers and sisters. Teenagers also have a lot of stress from school, either from their teachers or from their friends. Some teenagers also feel stressed about choosing their education after high school. Getting a place at university can be very difficult and some cannot afford to go to university. The stress about getting a job when finishing school is hard for some teenagers. There are so many young people finishing school and not enough jobs for them.
Sadly, there is nothing we can do to remove these causes of stress from the 1ives of teenagers, but you can learn the best way to deal with it. Talking to people is one of the best ways to deal with stress. It may sound simple, but it is true. A problem shared is a problem halved.
The question is: Why is being a teenager often difficult?
The possible answers are:
A:Because even though you are not an adult, you must deal with adult problems.
B:Because even though you are an adult, you must deal with children's problems.
C:Because even though you are a teenager, you must do a lot of homework.
D:Because adults often make them feel stressed.Last year The Voice of China, the most popular TV talent show became a popular topic in people's chatting and media information from both home and abroad. It began on July 13, 2012 and ended on September 30, 2012. Liang Bo, a handsome boy from Changchun, Jilin was the champion of The Voice of China in 2012. Before the competition Liang Bo was just an ordinary college student studying music. He captured   the hearts of audience   with his passionate   rock'n'roll   performance at the show.
Fans described Liang's voice as "natural, clear and touching''. Although he seemed cool on stage, he could quickly turn on the power once he started singing. "His performances make you imagine things. When I listen to his singing, I see pictures and think of stories." said Na Ying, one of the four judges   on the show. She was also Liang's tutor for the competition.
Liang Bo, like many young Chinese, he fell in love with music through playing the guitar. Liang got his first guitar as a birthday gift when he was in middle school. He would spend days and nights practicing. " I can't live without my guitar." he said.
" I don't like talking much but I carry great passion inside me," Liang said. " There is no better way to let it out than through music like rock'n'roll. Many people compare Liang to famous Chinese rockers including Xu Wei, Wang Feng and Zheng Jun. But the young man doesn't want to stand in others' shadow. " I respect those rockers, but I'm not going to copy them. I will be who I am," he said.
The question is: How long did The Voice of China last?
The possible answers are:
A:More than two days.
B:More than two weeks.
C:More than two months.
D:More than two years.Wang Jiaming from Beijing Chenjinglun High School says he is a lucky boy. He's happy that he's sitting the senior high school entrance exam   in 2014 instead of 2016.
On Oct 22, Beijing Municipal Commission of Education   announced that, from 2016, the English scores in the senior high school entrance exam will be reduced from 120 to 100. Of the 100 points, the listening ability scores will increase to 50. Meanwhile, the points for Chinese will increase from 120 to 150.
"The change won't affect me. I feel so lucky because English is my strongest subject," said Wang.
Why such a change? It places the importance on Chinese in our study, and reduces students' stress, said Li Yi, spokesman of the commission.
"The change will also push us to pay attention to the practical usage   of English," said Li. "Students will be encouraged to learn to understand English menus and read English news on mobile phones."
There isn't news that other cities will have the same change. But several places are making changes to English tests in the college entrance exams. For example, Shandong is considering taking out the listening part of the English exam in its college entrance exams.
But, "being tested for less points doesn't mean the subject _ ," Bai Ping wrote in China Daily.
English has long been the world's most commonly used language. Former Chinese premier Zhu Rongji once said: "In a globalizing economy  , if you cannot communicate with foreigners, how can one be part of the world economy?"
Wang Jiaming said he understood the change.
"Chinese, not English, is our mother tongue  ," he said. "But still, I think English is both interesting and useful."
The question is: What is the main purpose of the change?
The possible answers are:
A:To encourage students to learn how to order meals in English.
B:To make students learn to read English news on mobile phones.
C:To ask students to prepare for the college entrance exam.
D:To make students pay more attention to learning Chinese.Rose has four cousins.They are Ann, Betty, Peter and Bill.Pose is the oldest of them.Betty is thirteen years old.She is two years younger than Pose and one year older than Peter.Bill is nine.Ann, the youngest is seven.
Betty and Peter are good at running.But Peter runs faster.Pose and Ann like to play basketball.Rose plays better than Ann.Bill is the best singer of them five.Rose an Betty study in a middle school.Ann, Peter and Bill study in a primary school.These five children all work hard at their lessons.But Betty works the hardest.
The question is: Who is the best singer?
The possible answers are:
A:Ann
B:Rose
C:Bill
D:PeterHenry's family has a picnic on the weekend.They ask their friends,Nancy and her husband ,to go with them.On Sunday morning,Henry's wife ,Kate,gets up early to get ready for(...)some food for the picnic.At nine o'clock in the morning,Nancy calls and tells Henry she would like to bring something to the picnic.Kate calls her back and asks her to bring a big bottle of orange juice.The two families go to a park near Nancy's house.There are tables and chairs under the trees near the river .They can see the blue sky and green water there.Everyone likes the picnic and they have a nice Sunday afternoon in the park.
The question is: _   brings a big bottle of orange juice to the picnic.
The possible answers are:
A:Nancy
B:Henry
C:Nancy and Kate
D:Kate's husbandFire can be very dangerous. We should be careful with it. This is what to do in a fire:
*Shout out. Shout as loudly as you can, because people may be asleep.
*Call 119. Don't try to put out the fire yourself. Tell 119 where you are and what is on fire.
*Keep down next to the floor. There is less smoke down there, so it's easier to breathe and see where you are going.
*Test the door. If the door is cool, open it carefully. If the door is hot, do not open it! Try to find a different way out.
*Get out. Do not stop to pick up anything. A fire can become very big in a few seconds!
*Don't use the lift. Always use the stairs .The lift may go wrong and keep you inside.
*Don't go back. Even if your pet is still inside, do not go back for it Animals have a very good sense of smell. They often get away from buildings before people.
The question is: If the door is hot, we should  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:open it and get out
B:find another way out
C:stop to pick up things
D:go back for somethingI am 22. I used to work in a hotel. It was boring.
One day a guest and I had a conversation. She asked me, 6/Do you like your job?" I was sad because I knew the answer. "No".
She was 74 and gave me the most beautiful advice that I remember in all my life:
You are too young to hate your job, young man. Go to get your passport and start your adventure( ). "
So I did.
Since I was a little kid I was dreaming to know Europe. So next day I had my passport. And one week later, my plane tickets.
It was impossible to have a long holiday.  So I resigned .  My boss said I was crazy. My friends said that I was not responsible. I just paid no attention to those voices.
It was Europe in winter. Not the best time to travel there. But Europe in winter is really cheap.
I packed some books, a camera, 4 shirts, 2 pants, a coat, gloves, 2 pairs of walking shoes, candies and music to give away.
I had little money.  I just walked and walked.  I went to high mountains and big cities.
saw some beautiful sunsets . I heard some of the best musicians (for free). I discovered that there was still love in the world. I realized that sunrises are not always blue or yellow. Sometimes they mix.
I spent 22 days and $1,500 (including the plane tickets). What I did to save money:
1. Used Couch, Surfing'( ).
2. Ate 20-cents bread.
3. Went to Burger King to get free potato chips and water.
4. Learned to cook.
5. Talked with local  people.  They always know where to do cool and cheap
6. Only went to free museums (only in England).
Until this point in my life, I never had a clear idea of how to deal with my life. Now I do. I want to be a photographer so that I can inspire  people with my pictures.
Thanks to this travel. Thanks to that lady.
The question is: What didn't the man take with him?  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:Money or books
B:Clothes or music
C:Camera or passport
D:Food or mobile phoneMiss Wang asks her students about their future jobs. Let's look at their answers.
Bob: I'm going to be a cool spy   like James Bond. I know it is difficult and dangerous. I will work hard and I look forward to studying in America one day.
Mike: I'm going to be a mathematician  , because maths is my favourite subject. I think it's very interesting.
Meimei: I'm going to become a singer in the future. I love singing. I hope one day I can become famous.
Lisa: I want to be a charitarian  . I will make a lot of money and help the poor children in the future.
The question is: Who wants to help the poor children in the future?
The possible answers are:
A:Bob.
B:Mike.
C:Meimei.
D:Lisa.Ted and Susan are good friends. Last Saturday, Ted asked Susan to go with him to watch a movie or take a walk down by the lake. Susan really wanted to go, but she was really busy all Saturday. First, her mom asked her to help clean the house in the morning, and then she had to go to the dentist's at 12:30. Two hours after that, she met Julia to help her with her science. Then she had to go to soccer practice with her brother at 4:30, and her mom asked her to cook dinner for the family at 5:30. Then, she had to do her history homework.
Ted knew that Susan was going to have a full day. So he asked her to watch a video at home. Susan thought that was great, but something was wrong with their video player. So they had to just play a game.
The question is: What did Susan have to do on Saturday morning?
The possible answers are:
A:Watch a movie.
B:Clean the house.
C:Go to the dentist's.
D:Take a walk.Many people like traveling (going to other places). Modern traffic is fast, so going to different places becomes very easy. If you want to travel, you must be healthy. But do you know how to keep healthy when you are traveling? The following information is important for you.
Before leaving:
Wear comfortable shoes, a hat and sunglasses.
Do some exercise for weeks or months before you leave.
While traveling:
Be sure not to eat dirty food or bad fruit.
Drink clean or bottled water.
Find time to take a good rest.
The question is: The writer tells us how to   _   when you travel.
The possible answers are:
A:walk fast
B:eat too much
C:wear shoes
D:keep healthyIt started as a game.Wendy and Peter were in River Park.They watched the boats in the river and visited the zoo.They played on the slides and swings.They watched the merry-go-round,but they did not have money for a ride.They ate their sandwiches at a picnic table.Suddenly Wendy jumped up.
"I know what to do,"she said."Look at all that junk under the tables.Let's pick it up."
So they picked up paper and empty boxes and cans.They put them in the green cans marked"Litter".Peter's dog Stoopy picked up some paper and ran away with it.Peter called him back and took it from him.Then they taught Stoopy to carry trash for them.They put it in the cans.They worked until there was no trash left on the picnic grounds.
The next day their friends Mario and Andy came to the park with them.They helped to tidy the picnic grounds again.Then they ran all over the park looking for litter.They tried to see who could find the most.After that,it was a game they played every time they came to the park.
One day,a man came with a camera.He watched what they were doing.He asked to take a picture for them.Then he took them all for a free ride on the merry-go-round,even Stoopy.The next day their picture was in the newspaper.It said."Five Litter Lifters at River Park".After that all their friends wanted to be litter lifters.It was the beginning of a club that was a model for others to follow.
The question is: What does the last part of the story show?
The possible answers are:
A:The man with the camera joined the club.
B:People laughed at the children for picking up trash.
C:Other children began to help keep the park clean.
D:People came and took the litter cans away.These days, more and more students in the UK are taking a "gap year"between their graduation from school and their university studies. This means they can take a year off to do something else, before they start their studies.
For most students, spending time in foreign countries is the favorite activity --- and Australia is the favorite place to go.
Many parents, teachers and business people agree that travelling can teach important values.
"After a year of travelling, I felt I'd grown up. I had learnt the importance of relationships with people, on all kinds of levels."
There are many companies around the world that welcome these students on their projects---helping people in poorer countries, or even in your home country. Although you don't get paid for your work, this kind of work can teach important skills---decision making and finding answers to problems, for example---that will help many students in a job one day.
Finally, getting some knowledge and experience in an area you hope to study or work in one day will always be very useful.
If several university graduates are applying  for the same job, gar year work experience allows you to say,
" I've already had some experience of this kind of work." And that can get your job.
The question is: Chances for the same job will be given to the students .
The possible answers are:
A:who study well in school
B:who have some experience in this kind of work
C:who don't apple for the job
D:who are rich enoughMy father has a great sports collection .he love sports very much. And he loves all balls.  he likes playing basketball and volleyball. And he likes playing baseball and tennis. he also likes watching ball games. how many balls does he have? He has 15 basketballs,12 baseballs ,10 tennis bats.8 volleyballs and 14 baseball bats. and many other balls.
The question is: _  has a great sports collection.
The possible answers are:
A:My father
B:My grandfather
C:My uncle
D:My friend.Hi, boys and girls! A new  Mama store is in No. 1 Middle School now. Come and see at our great sale! We have bread for 3 yuan. Xiangpiaopiao milk tea is on sale for 2 yuan. Vegetable hamburgers are only 3 yuan. Do you need notebooks? They are only 6 yuan for three. We also have pens in all colors, only 1 yuan each . Some students want to buy socks. We have black socks for only 10 yuan for 3 pairs. For girls, we have socks in pink and purple, they are very nice. Come and buy your things at our great sale.
The question is: We can't buy   _   at the store.
The possible answers are:
A:pens
B:socks
C:bags
D:breadPeople communicate in many different ways. The most common way is by talking with others. Except for talking, we can also use body languages. When we use body languages, we need to use body to show what we mean. Sign language is a kind of body language. Let's see more about it.
Sign language is popular among _ people who are unable to speak or don't want to speak. If you want to communicate with a foreigner ,but you can't speak his language and he can't speak Chinese, what can you do ? Maybe you can communicate by making signs. Now let's learn some signs Indians often use.
When they are hungry, they move their right hands back and forth in front of their stomachs.
When they mean " Let's eat", they put their right hands and move them up and down in front of their mouths.
When they have had enough, they part their thumbs and first fingers, and move their hands from their chests to chins.
If they have a stomach ache, they put both hands on their stomachs, and move them back and forth.
The question is: If you want to show you are hungry, you can   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:move your left hand up and down in front of your mouth.
B:put your right hand in front of your mouth.
C:move your right hand back and forth in front of your stomach.
D:move your right hand from your chest to chin.China Science and Technology Museum was opened to the public in September 1988. But the second project was completed in May 2000. Its main task is to spread knowledge of science and technology among the public.
The activities of China Science and Technology Museum include popular science exhibitions, Astro-vision film shows, training education programs and experiment exhibition programs. The museum has an area of 40,000 square metres, of which 16,000 square metres is for exhibition halls.
The Astro-vision Theatre is one of the museum's major attractions and also one of the largest Astro-vision theatres in the world. It makes visitors feel they are in actual events rather than see a film. Many great science activities are often held at the museum, and the museum wants to be an important window to the world.
The question is: What is one of the most attractions for the visitors?
The possible answers are:
A:The Astro-vision Theatre.
B:Science Hall.
C:Experiment Exhibition.
D:Education Programs.When shopping in a store, I met a boy. When I saw him waving his hands excitedly in the air and shouting in a loud voice, " Mommy, I'm here," I knew he was mentally challenged.
I asked his name and he said proudly, " My name is Denny and I'm shopping with my mother." "Wow," I said, " That's a cool name. How old are you, Denny?"
" How old am I now, Mommy?" he asked his mother. " You're fifteen years old, Denny; now be a good boy and let the man pass by." I continued to talk to Denny for several more minutes about summer, bicycles and school. _ 
Denny's mom thanked me for talking with her son. She told me that most people wouldn't even look at him, let alone talk to him. I told her that it was my pleasure and then I said, " There are plenty of red, yellow, and pink roses in the garden, however, 'Blue roses'are very _ and should be appreciated for their beauty and distinctiveness . Denny is a 'Blue ses'and if someone doesn't stop and smell that rose with their heart and kindness, then they've missed a chance to appreciate the beauty."
She was silent for a second, and then went away with tears in her eyes.
The question is: What's wrong with the boy?
The possible answers are:
A:He didn't know his name and age
B:There was something wrong with his mind
C:He lost his way
D:He couldn't find his mother.The winter vacation is coming. I don't want to spend more time playing. I decide to work to make money for the next term. But I don't know what work I can do.
Now, my mother is writing a book. She is busy and tired. I want to type for her for pay. When I tell her, she is very happy. She agrees to pay me 5 yuan for 1,000 words. But she asks me to do it carefully.
It is a hard job for me. I type so slowly that I can type only 800 words a day. But I don't want to give up. I will keep typing all day long. I think I can type faster and faster.
I plan to finish the work in two weeks. Then, I will do my winter homework. I begin to know how hard it is to make money. And I really know the meaning of "Where there's a will, there's a way."
The question is: How long may it take the writer to do the work?
The possible answers are:
A:About two weeks.
B:About a day.
C:Less than one week.
D:The whole vacation.One day we invited some friends to dinner. When it was about six o'clock, my wife found that we had little bread. So she asked our five-year-old daughter, Kathy, to buy some.
'Here's a dollar,' my wife said, 'get two loaves of bread, if they have it. If they don't have it, get anything. But hurry!'
Kathy hurried off, and we waited and waited. By a quarter past six, all the friends had arrived. But Kathy had not returned. Finally we saw her dancing around the corner with a bright new hula hoop  whirling  round her middle.
"Kathy!" her mother cried. "Where did you get that hula hoop, and where is the bread?"
"Well, when I got to the shop, they had sold out all their bread," answered Kathy. "And you said 'If they don't have that, get anything!'"
The question is: One day Kathy's parents invited some friends to   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:have breakfast
B:have lunch
C:have supper
D:have a partyAs summer arrives, it's important to drink more, to keep us cool. Let's look to see what drinks are popular in the US.
Sports drinks and fruit drinks are quite popular. But there are two main drinks that Americans enjoy most: water and soda. Around 10.9 billion gallons   of water is drunk each year, and 12.8 billion gallons of soda. Soda is the most popular drink. It's fizzy   and enjoyed with friends. Perhaps it is the drink of choice for parties.
However, if you are playing sports, soda is not a good drink. The fizzy and sweet drinks may make you uncomfortable   while exercising. The best drink for sports is water. That's because it has no calories and keeps you fresh during sports. Besides, doctors tell us that drinking water each day is healthy.
For many kids, juice or milk are their favorites. These drinks are healthy and give kids  vitamins and energy   during the day. Adults usually choose between tea or coffee.
The question is: People like to drink water for sports because   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:it gives vitamins
B:it's dizzy
C:it has no calories
D:it's popularWhy play games? Because they are fun, and a lot more besides. Following the rules, planning your next move, acting as a team member------these are all "game" ideas that you will have throughout your life.
Think about some of the games you played as a young child, such as rope-jumping and hide-and-seek. Some games are entertaining and fun. But perhaps more importantly, they _ that teach children some of the basic rules they will be expected to follow the rest of their lives, such as taking turns and teamwork.
Many children's games have a practical side. Children around the world play games that prepare them for work they will do as adults. For example, some Saudi Arabian children play a game called bones. It can be very helpful to exercise their hands and eyes, which is needed in hunting.
Many sports encourage national or local pride. The most famous games of all, the Olympic Games, bring athletes from around the world together to take part in the friendly competition. People who watch the event wave flags, knowing that a gold medal is a win for a whole country, not just the athlete who has got _ . For countries experiencing natural disasters or war, an Olympic win can mean so much.
Sports are also an event that brings people together. Soccer is the most popular sport in the world. People on all continents play it------some for fun and some for a living. Nicolette Iribarne, a Californian soccer player, has discovered a way to spread hope through soccer. He set up an organization which can provide poor children with not only soccer balls but also a hopeful future.
Next time, when you play your favorite game or sport, think about why you enjoy it, what skills are needed, and whether these skills will help you in your life.
The question is: Which of the following statements is NOT true?
The possible answers are:
A:The most famous games are the Olympic Games.
B:People around the world play soccer just for fun.
C:The game called bones can be helpful to the Arabian children.
D:Nicolette Iribarne gives poor children a chance for a better life.My Favorite Sweater
by Bonnie Highswith Taylor
My favorite sweater grew too small.
I love that sweater best of all.
My grandma made it when I was three.
She made that sweater just for me.
I picked the yarn , a special blue.
The color of bluebells, wet with dew  .
When I was three I was very small.
But now I'm five and much too tall.
I have a new jacket now that's green.
So I gave my sweater to our cat Queen.
Queen just had kittens out in the shed  . 
My favorite sweater is now their bed.
The question is: The word "kitten" in this poem most probably means  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:a baby cat
B:a kind of food
C:a kind of drink
D:a bed for a babyThe idea of what shaking the head means is not always the same in different countries. Maybe some visitors would be surprised when they first come to India. When they talk to an Indian, they would find he would often shake his head. The visitors might think that the Indian doesn't like what they say. But in fact, they would be completely wrong.
Indians always shake their heads when they talk to others. It doesn't mean "No". If someone wants to visit India, he should know this, or he will be in trouble.
One day, a foreign officer went to India on business. He hired a car and asked an Indian to drive him. When he told his driver to take him to his office, the Indian shook his head at once. The officer said again and the driver shook his head again. At last the officer, of course, got angry.
"How dare you refuse my order?" he shouted, "Drive me to my office at once!"
The driver answered in quite a loud voice, too. "Yes, sir!" But to the officer's surprise, the driver shook his head at the same time.
The car started and the foreign officer was now too surprised to say a word. He thought about it for a while, and then he nodded with a smile, "'No' means 'Yes' here!"
The question is: What does shaking one's head mean all over the world?
The possible answers are:
A:Yes.
B:No.
C:Glad.
D:Yes or No.While at the park one day, a woman sat down next to a man on a beach near a playground. "That's my son over there," she said, pointing to a little boy in a red sweater who was gliding  down the slide.  "He's a fine-looking boy," the man said. "That's my son on the swing  in the blue sweater." Then, looking at his watch, he called to his son," What do you say if we go, Todd?" Todd pleaded , "Just five more minutes, Dad. please? Just five more minutes." The man nodded and Todd continued to swing to his heart's contently .
Minutes passed and the father stood and called again to his son. "Time to go now?" Again Todd pleaded, "Five more minutes, Dad. Just five more minutes." The man smiled and said, "Okay." "Oh, you are certainly a patient father," the woman said. The man smiled and then said ,"My older son Tommy was killed by a drunken driver last year while he was riding his bike near here. I never spent much time with Tommy and now I'd give anything for just five more minutes with him. I've vowed  not to make the same mistake with Todd." "He thinks he has five more minutes to swing. The truth is ...I get five minutes to watch him play."
,A, B, C, D,. (10)
The question is: Tommy died when   _   .
The possible answers are:
A:hiking
B:swinging
C:cycling
D:drivingHello! I'm Jim Green. Here is a photo of my family. I'm English. This is my mother. Her first name is Mary. This is my father. His first name is Steve. My telephone number is seven-six-o, nine-one-seven-six. My friend is Li Lei. His English name is Paul. He is in China. His telephone number is 281-5248. Who's that in the photo? It's my Chinese teacher. His name is Liu Yong. He is a good teacher.
,.
The question is: What's Li Lei's English name?
The possible answers are:
A:Mary.
B:Paul.
C:Jim.
D:Lei.Zhao Hua is a student from a university. He has led a group of university student volunteers since last year. They help children at a primary school with their studies and daily lives.
"When I was a small child," Zhao said, "I knew March 5th was a day for people to learn from Lei Feng and help others, but I didn't know the real meaning of the spirit  of Lei Feng. Now when I see the smiling faces of the kids I have helped, I deeply understand Lei Feng. Helping others makes me happy.,'
Lei Feng (1940-1962) is one of the best-known soldiers in Chinese history. He lost his parents when he was very young. His neighbors brought him up. He died in an accident at the age of 22. He did many _ in his short life. For example, he gave his own money to the parents of another soldier, and bought a ticket for a woman he didn't know without telling her his name.
On March 5th, 1963, Chairman Mao called on people to "Learn from Lei Feng" and made the day "Lei Feng Day".
Today almost 50 years has passed since Lei Feng's death. Some people say that the spirit of Lei Feng is out. There have been many reports about the coldness of people towards strangers. This has made many Chinese people think deeply about themselves.
Many people think We need to promote  that spirit again. The important thing is that we must be ready to help others and make it a habit.
,,. 
(5,2,l0)
The question is: Who brought Lei Feng up?
The possible answers are:
A:His parents
B:Chairman Mao
C:His neighbors
D:SoldiersThere is a big supermarket  near Mrs. Green's home. She usually goes there to buy food. The shop assistants are polite and helpful. The things are cheap, too.
One day, Mrs. Green goes to the supermarket. She buys some noodles. Biscuits are also their children's favorite food. And she buys some milk. Her children always have milk for breakfast. Mimi likes fish and Tim likes hot dogs. She buys some fish and sausages for them, too. Mrs. Green doesn't have any rice at home. So she buys a bag of rice, but she can't take it. It is very heavy. Her husband, Mr. Green is coming to the supermarket and carry the rice.
The question is: . Mimi likes   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:fish
B:hot dogs
C:rice
D:vegetableThis story is about a young man.He worked very hard at his lessons.He was too busy to have a rest.At last, he became ill, so he couldn't go to sleep.Every night, when he went to bed, he closed his eyes and tried to sleep.But the more he tried, the more he stayed awake.
After a while he decided to visit the doctor."I just can't go to sleep at night.What should I do?"
"I have a suggestion," said the doctor."Try counting numbers.By the time you reach one thousand, you'll be asleep.I'm sure of it."
The next day the man returned to the doctor's office."Well," said the doctor, "how are you today? Did you try my suggestion?"
The man still looked tired."Yes," he said, "I tried counting one, two, three...up to one thousand.But when I reached five hundred and sixty-nine, I began to feel sleepy.I had to get up and drink some tea so that I could go on counting up to one thousand.But then I still couldn't fall asleep."
The question is: The doctor asked the young man  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:to count numbers before he went to bed
B:to put all numbers from 1 to 1,000 together
C:to count numbers while he was lying in bed
D:to take some medicine and go to bed earlierMrs. White comes from America. She is an English teacher in No. 12 High School of Guangzhou. She speaks Chinese a little and often has Chinese classes. She likes here very much. She often says the Chinese people are very nice. She is Lucy and Lily's mom. Lucy and Lily live in America with their dad, Mr. White. They are students. They have some Chinese pen pals.
,.
The question is: Do Lucy and Lily have Chinese pen pals?
The possible answers are:
A:Yes, they do.
B:No, they don't.
C:Yes, they have.
D:No, they don't have.Mr. Perkin stands at the bus stop and watches the cars go by. Many of the cars are Beta 400s, and most of them are yellow. Mr. Perkin likes to do what other people do. So the following week he buys a new yellow Beta 400s. He likes it very much and doesn't like the old red one any more.
This morning Mr. Perkin parks his car in a big park at half past eight near his office. But when he comes out of his office at five o'clock, there're so many yellow Beta 400s in the park. Mr. Perkin can't find out which car is his because he forgets its number and leaves his licence at home. He tries his key in some of the cars and people looks at him. He has to give up. Poor Mr. Perkin can do nothing. He waits nearly two hours until his car is the only yellow Beta 400s left in the park.
The question is: Which of the following is TRUE?
The possible answers are:
A:Mr. Perkin doesn't like to have the same things as others have.
B:Mr. Perkin can find his car at once.
C:Mr. Perkin didn't find his car until about seven.
D:Few people have yellow cars in the city.In many English homes people eat four meals a day: breakfast, lunch, tea and dinner. People have breakfast at any time from seven to nine in the morning. They eat porridge, eggs or bread, English people drink tea or coffee  at breakfast.
Lunch comes at one o'clock. Afternoon tea is from four to five in the afternoon and dinner is at about half past seven. First they have soup, and then they have meat or fish with vegetables. After that they eat some other things, like bananas, apples or oranges. But not all English people eat like that. Some of them have their dinner in the middle of the day. Their meals are breakfast, dinner, tea and supper and all these meals are very simple.  
.
The question is: People may eat  _  for their breakfast.
The possible answers are:
A:meat and apples
B:vegetables
C:bananas and coffee
D:bread or eggsAn old woman went out shopping last Tuesday. She came to a bank and saw a car near the door. A young man with dark glasses got out of it and went into the bank. She looked into the car and found some keys in it.
The man took a gun out of his pocket and said to the man in the bank, "Give me all the money." But the woman didn't see this. She went to the young man and put the keys in his hand, "My boy," she said, "Don't leave your keys in your car! Someone is going to steal  it."
The young man looked at the old woman for a few minutes. Then he took his keys, ran out of the bank, got into his car and drove away quickly without taking any money.
The question is: When the young man got his keys ,he was very  _
The possible answers are:
A:glad
B:surprised
C:excited
D:frightenedTony:I like eating hamburgers and drinking cola. Yes, they are not healthy. But I eat hamburgers and drink cola every day.I don't like vegetables. I hate tomatoes.
Cindy: My favourite food is chocolate and my favourite drink is milk. Milk can make me healthy.  I drink milk every morning. I like fruit too. And my favourite fruit is oranges.
Zhang Qiang: I like meat. I eat beef and chicken, but my favourite is beef. So I'm strong and tall.
Liu Xin: I like candy and vegetables. I eat candy every day. But my mum says candy can make me fat. Now I'm fat so I do sports every day.
The question is: Zhang Qiang is a   _   boy.
The possible answers are:
A:tall
B:short
C:fat
D:thinAccording to scientists' research, the month in which babies are born could affect them in some ways.
Babies born in spring get sick easily. Children born under Aquarius may be less clever than those born in other seasons. They may also have shorter lives than those born in autumn  Scientists believe many of the differences can be explained by the mother's exposure to sunlight in pregnancy .  Sunlight helps lead to the production of Vitamin D in the body. The lack of this in the first months of life may have a bad effect on mental and physical health.
Vitamin D, called the "sunshine vitamin", is known to help regulate  thousands of genes during development, according to a study of more than two million people. So Vitamin D has a good effect on health  This study showed that people born from April to June had slightly shorter lives than those born in October, November or December. Similar studies in the USA showed that people born in autumn lived about 160 days longer than those born in spring.
Professor Russell Foster, an Oxford University neuroscientist on seasonal biology, said the conclusions were surprising and interesting. He added, "These are small effects but they are very, very clear. I am not giving voice to star signs and they are just for fun. But it is true that we are affected by our season of birth."
The question is: According to the passage,  _   can help people get Vitamin D.
The possible answers are:
A:enough sleep
B:enough sunlight
C:fresh air
D:suitable seasonsAfter two weeks, Ling Qinghao finally sent a message to his wife in their hometown in Anhui, and told her her he was safe.
Ling, 44, was a Chinese construction worker who went to Libya. The recent problems in Libya have left the country in disorder. Several Chinese were injured last month.
Ling was one of the thousands of Chinese evacuees   from Libya. The evacuee's first stop was Greece. They are staying there in a five-star hotel that the Chinese government paid for. According to the Foreign Ministry, by March 2, China has evacuated   a total of 35,860 Chinese from Libya. Among them, 20745 have already returned to China.
To evacuate means to quickly move people away from a disaster or disorder. An evacuation tests how a nation would deal with an emergency  . From getting flight tickets to dealing with customs services , many parts of the government and companies have to work together.
To protect the safety of overseas Chinese, China took action quickly. Since February 24, the nation has sent out airplanes and ships to evacuate its people from Libya.They even sent a navy ship to help. This is the first time that China has sent the army in an evacuation.
"We have done a great job in no more than 10 days. This shows China's ability to protect its people overseas in emergencies," Vice Foreign Minister Song Tao said.
The question is: Which of the following is NOT true?
The possible answers are:
A:Several Chinese were injured last month.
B:The Chinese evacuees in Greece live in a five-star hotel.
C:A navy ship was sent to help the evacuation.
D:Our government often send .the army in evacuations.Stephen Hawking was one of the most famous scientists in this century. He was born in
1942. He's a world well-known on space and time. Stephen is researching some very big questions, such as: How did the universe begin? How will it end?
Stephen was a student at Oxford University. He studied math and science. Then, at the
age of twenty, he became sick. He was so young, but the doctors said to his family, "He has only two more years to live." As a matter of fact, the doctors were wrong---- he didn't die. He can't  walk now but he uses a wheelchair . He can't feed himself and get in or out of bed himself. But he refused to give in to the condition. He talks with the help of a computer. After Oxford, Stephen went to Cambridge University. Three years later, in 1965, he became a doctor of philosophy .
Because of his serious health problems, it was difficult for him to draw diagrams 
or to write. So he started to think in pictures. With this new way of thinking, he became one of the most famous scientists in the world. In 1991, he met the Pope  in Rome. They talked about his ideas. Then in 1998, he wrote his first important book, A Brief History of Time. It sold more than 5.5 million copies in 33 different languages. He was once invited to China, he impressed us with his self-confidence, humorous and witty  conversation.
The question is: How old was Stephen when he became a doctor of philosophy?
The possible answers are:
A:21
B:23
C:27
D:25Doctor Carl was a very busy man. He always worked hard. He often forgot his families' birthdays. Yesterday afternoon he remembered  it was his wife's   birthday. He loved his wife. He wanted to give her a present. On his way home from hospital, he bought some beautiful flowers in a shop. When doctor Carl got home, he gave his wife the flowers and said, "Happy birthday to you, dear!" "It's April 20th today. I remembered your birthday this year." Mrs. Carl laughed and said, "My birthday was the day before yesterday, but thank you all the same. Better late than never!"
The question is: Where did he buy some flowers?
The possible answers are:
A:On his way home from work.
B:On his wife's birthday.
C:On his way to the shop.
D:On his birthday.A poor traveler arrived at a small village. He had no food or money. He only had a cooking pot. He
made a small cooking fire, placed his pot on it, and poured in some water. When a few villagers asked
what he was doing, he said that he was making stone soup which was a recipe passed down from his
father. He then dropped   a round stone into the pot.
Then the traveler told the villagers stories of his travels and the exciting things he'd seen. He tasted
  his soup and said it was nice, but a bit of salt would be better. One villager went home and came
back with some salt for the soup.
A few more villagers stopped to see what was going on when they heard the traveler speaking. The
traveler told more stories and said that some carrots or onions would be nice to the delicious soup. So
another villager said he could give a few carrots and brought them from his home.
This continued with the traveler asking for onions, a bit of meat, celery  , potatoes to the soup.
Finally, the soup was OK and everyone enjoyed the tasty meal.
The question is: What did the traveler have?
The possible answers are:
A:Some money.
B:Some food.
C:A cooking pot.
D:Some salt.Every year several thousand people die in the car accidents in Great Britain. And between one and two hundred thousand people are hurt.
There are rules to make the roads safe, but people do not always obey   the rules. They are careless. If everybody obeys the rules, the road will be much safer. How can we make the roads safer?
Remember this rule. In Great Britain traffic keeps to the left. Cars, buses and bikes must all keep to the left side of the road. In most other countries traffic keeps to the right.
Before crossing the road, we should stop and look at both ways. Look right and left. Then, if you are sure that the road is clear, it is safe to cross the road. If you see small children or very old people, help them to cross the road. We must teach our children to cross the road safely. We must always give them a good example. Small children must not play in the street.
The question is: "The road is clear" means that   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:the road is not noisy
B:the road is very clean
C:there is no car or bus running
D:you can see very clearly on the roadSome children are talking about their favourite subjects and activities at school.
Lucy: I think music is my favourite. I like listening to many beautiful English songs. I need to _ after a day's work, so I often listen to music after supper.
Kate: I like music, too. But I only listen to Chinese songs, especially Jay Chow's songs. I also like drawing. I want to be a great painter. I also like reading. Reading makes me clever.
Peter: I don't like music or drawing. I like playing basketball. I am a good basketball player. Don't you think it's cool?
Jacky: I am not a good basketball player, but I play football well. It makes me strong. I feel great when I am on the football field. I play football for half an hour every day.
Andy: I am not like many other boys I don't like sports. I think reading is my favourite. I can learn a lot from books. I read books for an hour every day.
The question is: How long does Jacky play football every week?
The possible answers are:
A:For half an hour.
B:For more than 3 hours.
C:For seven hours.
D:For one hour.Everyone talks about the weather, but no one does anything about it. It is true. People usually begin their talks with"Isn't it a nice day?"
Many people think they can tell what the weather is going to be like. But they hardly  agree with each other. One man may say,"Do you see how cloudy it is in the east? It's going to rain tomorrow."Another man will say,"No, it's going to be fine tomorrow."
People often look for the weather they want. When a farmer needs water, he looks for
something to tell him it's going to rain; he won't believe anything else. When friends have a travel, they are sure the weather is going to clear up very quickly.
Almost everyone listens to what the weatherman says, but he doesn't always tell us what we want, and sometimes he makes mistakes. Still , he probably comes closer to being right than anyone else.
The question is: "Weatherman"  _  makes mistakes.
The possible answers are:
A:often
B:never
C:sometimes
D:littleMany years ago, there was an old man who had four sons. He wanted his sons to learn not to judge  things too quickly. So he told them to go and look at a pear tree. It was far away from his home. The first son went in winter, the second in spring, the third in summer, and the youngest son in autumn.
When the sons came back, the old man asked them to say what they had seen. The first son complained the tree was ugly. The second son said the tree was covered with buds  and full of hope. The third son said the tree was full of green leaves. They looked so beautiful, and it was the most wonderful thing he had ever seen. The youngest son said that the tree was bowed  down with heavy fruits. It was full of life and fulfillment .
The man explained that all of his sons were right, but each of them had seen just one season of the tree. He told them that they couldn't judge a tree or a person by only one season. "If you give up when it's winter, you will miss the hope of your spring, the beauty of your summer, and the fulfillment of your autumn." said the old man.
It is true that we shouldn't let the hard season break the happiness of the other seasons. Never give up during the difficult days and better times are sure to come some day.
The question is: In which season did the fourth son go and look at a pear tree?
The possible answers are:
A:Spring .
B:Summer.
C:Autumn.
D:Winter.Ruby, the artist, is an Asian elephant, She is17 years old. She lives in the zoo. Ruby has produced about 100 paintings since last year. She has made more than $ 40,000 for the zoo. Zoo leaders say Ruby first showed the talent   about four years ago. Zoo workers watched her make the marks in the sand with her trunk. She rubbed   out the marks, then made the new ones. The zoo worker gave her brushes and paints. Soon Ruby painted pictures.
Newspaper reporters wrote Ruby, then people asked about buying her pictures. And in this way, she made a lot of money for the zoo. This is how Ruby does the paintings. A zoo worker holds different color paints. Ruby touches the colors she wants. Then the worker gives her brushes with the chosen colors in her trunk and Ruby begins painting.
The question is: From the story, we can know that  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:Ruby can paint a picture all by herself
B:Ruby can draw better pictures than the other animals in the zoo
C:Ruby has to finish a painting with the help of zoo workers
D:Ruby will ask for money if she finishes a pictureHave you ever heard the song called "Is there anyone who told you"? It may be impossible for you not to know the song and its singer.It is sung by the famous "Happy Boy" Chen Chusheng, who appeared on Hunan Satellite TV.He caught everyone's attention. Before the competition he was just a farmer's son who had never got professional trainings of any kind. As a child, Chusheng wasn't a good student, but he was very interested in music. He liked to listen to and sing his favorite songs again and again. Like many other parents, his parents also wanted him to go to college,but he failed.Chusheng had no choice but to help his brother repair bicycles and motorbikes.In Sanya, a small city in Hainan Province, Chen worked during the daytime while singing in different bars in the evening. He lived like that until the year 2000.
In 2000, Chen went to Shenzhen.He never expected that his first job in this new place would be _ food.He went on working in the daytime while singing in the evenings.His life was hard at that time.In the bar called Star-making Factories he met many famous local musicians.In the following several years, Chen, with his musical dream, attended many music contests throughout the country, winning prizes many times. Today,when we think about his success, we cannot help thinking that if one wants to be successful, he should work harder than others.
The question is: What did his parents want him to do?
The possible answers are:
A:They wanted him to go to college.
B:They wanted him to be a doctor.
C:They wanted him to repair bikes for his brother.
D:They wanted him to go to bars.M: Hi, Ann! Tomorrow will be August 1st. When is your holiday going to start?
W: Very soon. I'm going to leave the day after tomorrow.
M: How long are you going to be away?
W: About two weeks.
M: Where are you going?
W: I'm going to the beach this time.
M: Are you going to stay alone?
W: No. I will stay in a hotel with my friends.
M: Oh, good. It's hard to find a place to stay at the beach in August.
W: That's right. And in a few days, I will swim every day, play beach ball, lie in the sun and just take it easy.
M: Don't tell me about that. It sounds so great!
W: What about you, John? Where are you going to spend your holiday?
M: I don't know. I should think about it.
The question is: Do you think Ann will have a wonderful holiday?
The possible answers are:
A:Yes, she will.
B:No, she won't.
C:I don't think so.
D:I think so.Dear Jane,
I have to  go to work  now. I prepare  these things for you. Your schoolbag is on the desk. Your pen ,books,keys and your school card are in your schoolbag. Your clothes and hat are on the dresser . The shoes  are under the bed. Don't _ your breakfast . It's in the microwave oven .
Love you.
Mom
The question is: Where are the shoes?They're  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:on the bed.
B:on the dresser
C:under the bed
D:in the schoolbagMr. White works in an office. He liked reading in bed when he was at school. It was bad for his eyes and now he is near-sighted. But he wouldn't want anybody else to know about it and he never wears a pair of glasses. It often brings him some trouble.
One winter morning he was sent to a village school on business. He got off a bus at a stop in a small town. Then he had to walk there. The road to the village wasn't smooth. There were stones here and there. He fell over several times and it made his clothes very duty. At last he got to the village. Suddenly it began to blow strongly and it got much colder. His hat was blown off while he was looking for the school. He had to run after it but he couldn't catch it. He was wondering why his hat ran into a house as if it had legs. And then he ran into the house, too.
A big woman appeared and stopped him by shouting angrily, " What are you running after my hen for?"
The question is: What was the weather like when Mr. White was walking to the village school?
The possible answers are:
A:It was warm.
B:It was windy.
C:It was fine.
D:It was cool.Nancy would like to take part in a fancy-dress party  . She had to go to the party with her friends because her husband has been to another city to go on a business trip. Later that night, she was busy in dressing up herself as a ghost, including putting on masks and some special costumes.
After finishing it, she went downstairs to look at herself in the mirror. Suddenly, there was a knock on the front door. She knew that it must be the baker  . She had told him to come straight in if ever she failed to open the door and to leave the bread on the kitchen table. Not wanting to frighten   the poor man, Nancy quickly hid in the storeroom under the stairs.
To her surprise, it was her husband who changed his plan and came back home 2 days earlier. The husband called his wife's name happily and looked for her all around. Nancy was so excited that she ran to her husband without realizing she was a ghost at that moment. But it was too late. Her husband let out a cry and jumped back several steps. Then he lost his sense and lay on the ground.
The question is: What happened at the end of the story?
The possible answers are:
A:Nancy went to the party with her husband happily.
B:Nancy's husband was so scared that he lost his sense.
C:Nancy had a wonderful party to welcome her husband at home.
D:Nancy's husband was angry with her and left home alone at once.Escaping   from a fire is a serious matter. Knowing what to do during a fire can save a life. It is important to know the ways you can use and show them to everyone in the family, for example, you can use stairways, roofs and fire escapes, but no lifts.
From the lower floors of buildings, to escape through windows is possible. Learn the best way of leaving by a window with the least chance of serious injury.
The second floor window is usually not very high from the ground. An average   person, hanging from the window by the fingertips will have a drop of about six feet to the ground--about the height of an average man. Of course, _ 
Windows are also useful while you are waiting for help. Be sure to keep the door closed, before opening the window. Otherwise, smoke and fire may be drawn into the room. Keep your head low next to the window to be sure you get fresh air.
On the second or third floor, the best windows to escape from are those which open onto a roof   . From the roof a person can drop to the ground more safely.
The question is: The writer thinks that   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:to keep your head high will help you to escape a fire
B:it is necessary to keep the door open
C:fresh air can't reach the second floor window
D:breathing in smoke might be badI was waiting for a phone call from my agent last night. He had left a message the night before, telling me that my show was to be cancelled. I called him several times, but each time his secretary told me that he was in a meeting and that he would call me later. So I waited and waited, but there was still no call. Three hours passing by, I became more and more impatient. I was certain that my agent didn't care about my work, and he didn't care about me. That thought beat me. I started to shout at the phone, "Let me wait, will you? Who do you think you are?"
At that time I didn't realize my wife was looking on. Without showing her surprise, she rushed in, took away the phone and pulled the lines out of the phone, and shouted at the phone, "Yeah! Who do you think you are? Bad telephone! Bad telephone!" And she swept it into the wastebasket.
I stood watching her, speechless. What on earth...?
She stepped to the doorway and shouted at the rest of the house, "Now hear this! All objects in this room - if you do anything to upset my husband, out you go!"
Then she turned to me, kissed me, and said quietly, "Dear, you just have to learn how to take control." With that, she left the room.
After watching a crazy woman rushing in and out, shouting at everything in sight, I noticed that something in my feelings had changed. I was laughing. How could I have trouble with that phone?
Her unusual actions helped me realize I had been driven crazy by small things. Twenty minutes later my agent did call. I was able to listen to him and talk to him quietly.
The question is: What did the writer's wife do after she heard his shouting?
The possible answers are:
A:She said nothing.
B:She threw the phone away.
C:She shouted at him.
D:She called the agent.Reading is an important activity for many Americans. Today, thousands of men, women and children are members of groups to discuss the books they read.
No one knows how many Americans belong to reading groups called book clubs. Yet publishers  and bookshops report that more and more throughout the United States are joining the clubs.
Most of the clubs work the same way. Members read the same book at the same time. Then they meet to talk about the book. Members may be friends or people who live near each other. Or, they may be people who work together.
Book clubs may be for only women or only men. Or, they can be for husbands and wives together. Some are family groups where parents attend with their children. Children may belong to book clubs of their own.
Some book clubs in the United States are for husbands and wives. One woman says this is a great idea for a book club. She says husbands and wives often talk to each other only about their children, work, or money problems. "Talking about books," she says, "opens a whole new level of communication."
American children belong to book clubs, too. They may be as young as four years old or as old as eighteen. Some children's clubs get help from the Great Book Foundation  . This educational organization provides lists of books to read. It also trains people to lead discussions about the books.
The question is: The best title of the passage might be   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:An Important Activity in the USA
B:Reading Clubs for Children
C:Book Clubs in the USA
D:All Kinds of Clubs in the USAThoughts on Shenzhen Airport Traffic Accident
March 1 was a very sad day for everyone.
On that day a huge traffic accident happened at the Shenzhen Airport. Nine people lost their lives and 23 people were injured. For those people, it was a night- mare!
To learn a lesson, we must know who caused the accident and why.
The answer looks obvious. It's the car owner's fault because she drove her car into the people. However, is that true? Is that her fault? What about the dead and injured people? Did they have their own faults as well? The answer is yes.
According to news reports, at that time, many people were standing in the turning section of the viaduct watching the airplanes take off and land. Suddenly, a car appeared. Maybe the car owner got nervous, so she mistakenly stamped on the accelerator instead of the brake pedal, which caused the accident.
In my opinion, of course the driver should be blamed because she caused the accident. However, for those dead and injured people, although we feel sorry for them, they have their own responsibilities as well. They should have been aware of their own safety. They shouldn't have been standing in a dangerous place to watch the airplanes take off and land.
The question is: How many people died in this accident?
The possible answers are:
A:23
B:9
C:32
D:25A few years ago, David had the idea of selling CDs over the Internet. He started his work from his home. Now he sells over 500,000 CDs a year and has made himself into a millionaire , at the age of 24.
"I could see that this was the future of shopping," says David. "Why should you pay $15 for a CD and spend the time and the money going into the shop? You know sometimes you have to find a place for your car too. You can have the same CD for half of the price by clicking on your computer. And we can find any CD you want and bring it to your door in 24 hours!"
David said this is the only beginning, "One day we'll do our shopping over the Internet: it's easier, quicker and cheaper. Shops and supermarkets will be the past."
The question is: How has he become a millionaire?
The possible answers are:
A:By making new supermarkets.
B:By making advertisements.
C:By selling ideas to others.
D:By selling CDs on the Internet.Mr and Mrs Green come from Australia .They are in Beijing now .Mr Green is a teacher in a high school .He teaches English ,He likes reading and running .His son, Jim, is a  student.He likes playing football very much .He likes school, too. He does his homework every day . Mrs Green is a teacher ,too. She can speak a little Chinese. She likes Chinese food .She doesn't like doing housework at all, but she likes cooking .They all like China a lot.
The question is: Mrs Green doesn't like   _  at all.
The possible answers are:
A:Chinese food
B:teaching
C:doing housework
D:cookingOne day a poor farmer was taking a bag of wheat to town. Suddenly the bag fell off his horse onto the road. He did not know what he could do about it because it was too heavy for him to lift by himself. He only hoped that someone would soon pass by and lend him a hand.
Just at his moment, a man riding a horse came up to him. But the farmer felt disappointed when he saw who he was. It was the great man who lived nearby. He thought the great man wouldn't help him, and hoped another farmer would come up. But to his surprise, the great man got off his horse as soon as he came near, "I see you need help," he said, "I'm here just at the right time. " Then he took one end of the bag and the farmer took the other, They lifed it together and put it on the horse.
"Sir," asked the farmer, "how can I pay you?"
"It's quite easy," the great man answered, "when you see anyone else in trouble, do the same for him. "
The question is: The poor farmer felt   _   when he saw the great man
The possible answers are:
A:happy
B:good
C:afraid
D:sadI am a tall boy. I can play basketball and soccer very well. Today is Sunday. I don't go to school. I watch a soccer match on TV. It's a good match. Beckham is my idol .He plays well in the match. In the afternoon, I play soccer with my good friends Jim,Ben, Peter, Gary and Kevin. Sarah is in the park, too. She is my good friend. She watches us play. We are hungry at 4:00, but we are happy.
The question is: Today is   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:Monday
B:Tuesday
C:Saturday
D:SundayWhen we look at the moon through a telescope , we can see lines and circles . People used to  think that this was the moon's face and that there was a man in the moon! This is not true. There is no man in the moon.
What do we know about the moon? First of all, the moon is much smaller than the earth. Days and nights on the moon are very long. One day on the moon is as long as two weeks on the earth. One night is also as long as two weeks on the earth. In the daytime the moon is very hot and at night is very cold.
The question is: The moon is very hot   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:all the time
B:during the night
C:in the daytime
D:at night and in the daytimeLong ago, there was a little elephant. He left home and played in the forest alone. He stayed outside for many days and became dirty because he could not wash his back. All the other animals didn't play with him because he was dirty.
The elephant sat under a tree. He started to cry. He cried for two days. But nobody could see him there. So he went back home and asked for help. His mother told him," You have a long trunk  . It can help you wash your back."
He and his mother went to the river and his mother taught him how to use the trunk to clean his back with water.
All the other animals came over to him and said, "You are so clean now. Do you want to play with us?"
The elephant was so happy and said, "Yes."
The question is: Who taught the little elephant how to wash his back?
The possible answers are:
A:His father.
B:A bird.
C:Himself.
D:His mother.Dear Vicky,
Thanks for your letter and for the photos of your family. Now it's my turn! This is a photo of my family. My dad is called Peter. He's a dentist. He likes playing golf and he loves watching sports on TV. In fact, we all like watching TV! My mom's name is Diana. She's a teacher. She likes reading and she also likes watching romantic movies.
I have two brothers-James and Brian. James is nine years old. He likes watching cartoons and playing video games. Little Brian is still a baby. He's only two years old. He doesn't like watching TV! He likes playing with his teddy bear.
And me? Well, I like watching tennis on TV but I prefer to play. Do you like playing tennis? I do. Maybe we can play some time? What do you like to do? Write and tell me.
Yours truly,                                           Debbie
The question is: James likes  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:playing with his teddy bear
B:watching sports on TV
C:reading and watching romantic movies
D:watching cartoons and playing video gamesOne day, a teacher was giving a speech to his students. He held up a glass of water and asked the class, "How heavy do you think this glass of water is?"
The students' answers ranged from 20 g to 500 g. "It does not matter on the weight itself. It depends on how long you hold it. If I hold it for a minute, it is OK. If I hold it for an hour, I will have an ache in my right arm. If I hold it for a day, you will have to call an ambulance  . It is exactly the same weight, but the longer I hold it, the heavier it becomes. "
If we carry our burdens   all the time, sooner or later, we will not be able to carry on, the burden becoming increasingly heavier. "
"What you have to do is to put the glass down, rest for a while before holding it up again. "
We have to put down the burden sometimes, so that we can be refreshed and are able to carry on.
So before you return home from work tonight, put the burden of work down. Don't carry it back home. You can pick it up tomorrow.
Whatever burdens you are having now on your shoulders, let it down for a moment if you can.
The question is: This was a lesson about       _   .
The possible answers are:
A:how to relax oneself in life
B:how to solve a physics problem
C:how to keep fit by drinking water
D:how to study wellThe advantages of Eating Fruits & Vegetables
Vegetables and fruit are good for your health because of a lot of vitamins, nutrients  and fiber in them. Fruits and vegetables are regarded as a healthy diet without adding chemicals or additives  for carrying or storing foods. The United States Department of Agriculture suggests eating plenty of fruits and vegetables every day to get the advantages of eating a healthy diet.
Disease Prevention
The United States Department of Agriculture tells that eating fruits and vegetables helps fight strokes, cardiovascular disease and type 2 diabetes. Because of the potassium in fruits and vegetables, they can prevent the risk of developing kidney stones. The fiber in fruits and vegetables helps the body fight against coronary heart disease.
Idea Health
Since fruits and vegetables add to a balanced and healthy diet, eating these will help you with your idea. The vitamins in fruits and vegetables helps fight depress , according to the Mental Health Foundation. Vitamin B and folic acid found in some vegetables and bananas help you to relax. Eating fruits and vegetables can also help improve memory.
Healthy Weight
Eating fruits and vegetables helps you have a healthy weight. Fruits and vegetables naturally include less energy than other foods, according to the Center for Disease Control and Prevention. The fiber and water in the fruits and vegetables make you feel that you are full, so you will not feel that you have to eat more food.
The question is: According to the passage, how many things are included in the vegetables and fruit?
The possible answers are:
A:3
B:4
C:5
D:6Henry was born in a small town. His father has a factory. One night the man drank too much and drove his car home. On his way he drove fast and suddenly his car fell into the river and he died in the accident. The old man left his son much money and the factory. But the man spent all the money in nearly three years and at last he had to sell the factory for food and clothes. Another three years passed and he wanted to find work but he couldn't do anything. Nobody would use a man like him.
The young man thought and thought. At last he found a way. He began to beg  from door to door. Most people in the town knew him well and few of them had a pity  on him. So he was often hungry. He had to leave the town and came to Toronto. In the city he began to pretend  that he couldn't speak. So he could beg some money and food.
One day Henry was begging by the station when he met Mr. Cook, one of his father's friends. The man asked, "How long have you been dumb , Henry?"
The sudden question made the young man burst out , "since I was born!"
The question is: Henry couldn't find any work in the town because   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:he could do nothing at all
B:he liked begging better than work
C:he was the richest man there
D:he was too young to be a workerMr Brown lives on Green Street now. He wants to send a postcard to his pen pal in Toronto,but he doesn't know where the post office is."Which is the way to the post office?"he asks his new neighbor Joe. "I want to send a postcard to Toronto.""The post office is quite far from here," answers Joe. "If you only want to post some letters or post cards ,you needn't go to the post office. You can put them into a mailbox down the street
The question is: Where is the post office?
The possible answers are:
A:On Green Street.
B:In Toronto.
C:We don't know.
D:In the neighborhood.During the 15 days from New Year's Eve to Lantern Festival , Beijing was affected  by haze  .Do you know what the haze is ? Today I will introduce it to you .
Haze is air pollution  in which is mixed up with dust, smoke and other dry particles (,),and it covers  our blue sky ,so we can't see sunny days. It often happens in winter and spring.
The haze brings much trouble  to people's lives. On the road many traffic accidents  happened because people can not see clearly. The haze is _ to our health. People also have to go to see the doctor because of the poisonous  air caused by the haze.
As students, we must tell our friends and family members to go to work or school with the public traffic, such as the bus and the underground and BRT .Also we should plant more trees and develop green and energy to reduce  the haze. According to me, I will go to school by bike or on foot, and I won't throw the waste  anywhere . It may take about 20 years to solve the problems caused by the haze .I believe the environment will get better and better and haze weather will vanish completely with the help of new technology.
The question is: How long does it take to solve the problems caused by haze.
The possible answers are:
A:about 20 years
B:about 20 days
C:about 20 months
D:about 20 weeks.A father sat at his desk and looked at his bills when his young son rushed in and announced: "Dad, because today is your birthday and you're 40 years old, I'm going to give you 40 kisses, one for each year!" When the boy started making good on his word ( ) , the father shouted:  "Andrew, don't do it now. I'm too busy! "
The boy soon fell silent as tears fell from his big blue eyes. Feeling sorry, the father said: "You can finish later.  The boy said nothing but quietly walked away." That evening the father said:  "Come and finish the kisses now, Andrew!" But the boy didn't.
Unfortunately, a few days later after the father's birthday, the boy had an accident and died.  His sad father wrote: "If only(...,)I could tell him how sorry I am for my thoughtless words,  and how much my heart is hurting."
Love is a two-way street.  We must warmly accept any loving act,  or others will take it as a "NO" and it can leave a scar . If we don't receive love, our life will lose its true meaning.  Nothing is more important than accepting love from those who are near and dear to us .
,.
The question is: A few days after the fathers birthday, the boy  _
The possible answers are:
A:was badly hurt in an accident
B:was killed in an accident
C:had to go back to school
D:became unhappy with his fatherHunter and Nina are husband and wife. They get up about 4:50 in the morning. When many people are sleeping in their warm beds, they are working. They work outside and walk a lot. They do not work when it is raining. They also work on weekends.
Her name is Sara. She sometimes goes to work in the morning, and sometimes goes to work at night when she is on duty . She works in a big building. There are many beds in it. She wears a white hat and a white dress. She says:" I meet many people every day. I look after them. They need my help. That's my job. It's hard, but I like it."
He is Jim's father. He usually leaves home very early. He does not work in a factory. He goes to work on foot or by bike. It is far from his home. He usually works in the day and has lunch outside in the sun. His work is very hard. He often brings us rice, eggs and vegetables. He can have a good rest in winter.
She goes to work by bus every day. She works in a building. It opens at 8 a.m. and closes at 6 p.m. There are many good foods, drinks and other things. Children like to go there. She meets many people every day. She often says, "Can I help you?" When she meets people. She says, "My work is not easy. I must stand all day and be friendly to everyone".
The question is: Hunter and Nina doesn't work   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:from Monday to Friday
B:at weekends
C:on workdays
D:on rainy daysLi Ming is a runner, he runs for the spring sports on the playground every day.Our school is holding the sports meeting today.Li Ming is in the 1500 Meters'Race.At first he runs very fast,but then he falls on the ground.His left leg is hurt.It is a long way from the end of the race.What will he do? People are looking at  him.Li Ming gets up a nd walks the rest of the way.Li Ming doesn't win the race,but he wins a prize for walking.
The question is: Li Ming's   _   is hurt.
The possible answers are:
A:foot
B:leg
C:arm
D:handWho's building the new China? It's not the factory owners or the business men.It's someone else.
We see them every day.They work day and night in the terrible working places and weather.They build the roads,the theaters,the cinemas and the supermarkets.They even clean up our rubbish.They are China's migrant workers .
Over 140 million workers left their homes in the countryside to look for jobs in big cities around China.They hope to be rich,but they find they have many difficulties in making enough money.And one of the difficulties is the pride and discrimination from the people in cities.
When night falls.I see the sad faces of the migrant workers.Many are living far away from the people whom they love.
Yes,they dress differently,they speak differently,and they have different habits,but they work hard.The people in cities think they are outsiders,and most governments refuse  to give them medical care  and public schooling for their children.
If China hopes to move into the future.many things need to change.The first is discrimination! We need to stop our discrimination against the migrant workers of China! They may not make as much money as some people in cities,but they are good people just trying to _ . These workers are very important and necessary to China's economic development and play an important role in changing Chinese society .They are building the new China,so we should help them.
The question is: China's migrant workers work   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:only at night
B:in good working conditions
C:day and night
D:when the weather is fineMei Qiyue, 13, of Chongqing, leaves her dorm  early every morning and doesn't return until late at night. She feels stressed in the dorm. "My roommates look down on me. When I say something, they never agree with me. Sometimes, they even laugh at me together," said Mei. "The dorm is like hell. I want to leave the moment I walk in."
Mei is not alone. Many middle school students lave such problems. Plans, opinions and other small differences can create conflict . "Most teenagers are the only child in the family where they are the 'King' or 'Queen'. They can't stand other kids' different ideas, so conflicts between them come out in the dorm," said Sun Yunxiao, a professor in Beijing.
According to Sun, roommate relations are important in schools, and students should be serious about them. He suggests that students should be patient, sincere  and cooperative in dealing with their roommates.
Zou Ming, 14, of Shanxi, and his roommates didn't clean their dorm for a long time during their first semester. "Later, we began to hate each other because nobody would clean," said Zou. "One day, we had a dorm meeting. At the meeting we discussed the problem seriously and decided each other of us would clean for a week." After the meeting, they cleaned the dorm for the first time together, and the boys have become good friends.
"I think we should take care of the dorm like our family and our roommates like our brothers," said Zou. "Only in this way can we have a happy dorm like and make lifelong friends."
The question is: What problem does the story mainly talk about?
The possible answers are:
A:Students can't make friends easily in a new school.
B:Chinese middle school students are not really to be independent.
C:Keeping good roommate relations is not easy for some students.
D:Students still need their parents' help even when they are in middle school.Jyoti Amge, an Indian girl, is the world's smallest woman. She is only 0.628 metres tall. She is small, but her dream is great. On her 18th birthday in 2012, she shared the good news with others. She would act in two movies.
Jyoti is the youngest of the five children in her family. She stopped growing after her first birthday. Because of her size, Jyoti has special clothes and jewellery . She even has her own desk and chair in a regular school. Jyoti also loves movies and fashionable dresses like others. Before 18, she acted in a music video along with a famous Indian singer.
Jyoti said, "I'm just the same as other people. I eat like you, and dream like you. I don't feel I am different."
The question is: Jyoti's   _  is are not different from others'.
The possible answers are:
A:clothes
B:jewellery
C:chair
D:schoolAn artist went to a beautiful part of the country for a holiday, and stayed with a farmer. Every day he went out with his paints and brushes and painted from morning to evening, and then when it got dark, he went back to the farm and had a good dinner before he went to bed.
At the end of his holiday he wanted to pay the farmer, but the farmer said, "No, I don't want money... but give me one of your pictures. What is money? In a week it will all be finished, but your painting will still be here."
The artist was very pleased and thanked the farmer for saying such kind things about his pictures. The farmer smiled and answered, "It's not that. I have a son in London. He wants to become an artist. When he comes home next month, I'll show him your picture, and he will not want to be an artist any more, I think. "
The question is: The artist was very pleased and thanked the farmer because   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:the farmer didn't want him to pay him
B:the farmer decided to let his son learn from him
C:the farmer's son would be an artist like him
D:he thought the farmer praised   him for his picturesA Russian, a Cuban, an American businessman and an American lawyer were on a train traveling across England. The Russian took out a large bottle of vodka, gave each of the men a drink and then threw the rest half bottle of vodka out of the window. "Why did you do that?" asked the American businessman. "There's too much vodka in my country," said the Russian, "And really we have more than we will ever use." A little later, the Cuban passed around fine Havana Cigars. Then he threw his out of the window. "I thought Cuba is not a rich country," the businessman said. "But you threw that very good cigars out of the window!" "Cigars," the Cuban answered, "are the cheapest in my country. We have more of them than we know what to do with." The American businessman sat quietly for a moment. Then he got up, caught the lawyer by the arm and threw him of the window.
The question is: Vodka is a kind of   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:treasure
B:wine
C:food
D:medicineJohn is my best friend. We live in the same building. We study in the same school but not in the same class. We often play football together after school. We have been good friends for two years.
John is tall and strong with black hair. He has a round face, a small nose and big, brown eyes. I like his eyes because they are always bright and smiling.
John is always friendly and helpful. When I feel bored or unhappy, he tells me funny jokes and makes me laugh. He'll give me help when I need.
John is very smart. He reads a lot of books. He is good at singing and acts very well. He would like to make people happy with his songs and performance when he grows up. I believe that he can become as popular as Jackie Chan and travel around the world in the future.
The question is: The writer and John are   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:classmates
B:friends
C:brothers
D:sistersJim: Let's play volleyball, OK?
Tony: Sorry, I don't have a volleyball. But I have a basketball.
Jim: I don't want to play basketball. I only want to play volleyball.
Tony: Who has a volleyball? Do you know?
Jim: Maybe Tom has one. Let's go and ask him. (Say to Tom.)
Hi, Tom! Do you have a volleyball?
Tom: No. I don't. Does Peter have one?
Tony: Oh, yes, he does.
Tom: Hi, Peter! Do you have a volleyball?
Peter: Yes, I do. But it is at home.
Tom: Sorry to hear that!
Tony: Well, let's play basketball. OK?
Jim: OK!
Tom: Peter, please join us.
Peter: OK! Let's play!
,.
The question is: Can they play volleyball?
The possible answers are:
A:Yes,they can.
B:No,they can't
C:Yes,they do
D:No,they don'tA new term might be the best time to make new friends, but it can be hard to begin the first conversation. Below are four useful ways. Take a look.
Search for common interests. Talking about shared interests, such as sports and popular talent shows, is the easiest way to make a successful talk with someone.
Welcome the silence. In fact, sometimes silence is needed in order to continue a conversation. Remember that if you say something, the other person may need time to understand it.
Keep it positive . To make great small talk, you should keep things fun. You should be cheerful and able to laugh over things that aren't very interesting. These will make the other person want to keep talking to you.
Take it as a learning experience. Every time you meet someone from other places, it's a good chance to learn something new. You can learn more about their cultures and nations. These make you a more interesting person to talk to as well.
The question is: If someone is talking about something you don't like, you should  _  according to the reading.
The possible answers are:
A:stop the conversation at once
B:be cheerful and relaxed
C:keep silent all the time
D:talk about something newA few weeks ago, I went into Chase's class for help. I e-mailed Chase's teacher one evening and said, "My son keeps telling me that the thing you're sending home is math -- but I'm not sure I believe him. Help, please." She e-mailed right back and said, "No problem! I can help Chase after school anytime." And I said, "No, not him. Me. Hegets it.Help me."
And that's why I stayed with Chase's math teacher. We talked about teaching children. We agreed that subjects like math and reading are not the most important things that are learned in a classroom. We also talked about something else ---- kindness and bravery.
And then she told me this.
Every Friday afternoon Chase's teacher asks her students to take out a piece of paper and write down the names of four children with whom they'd like to sit the following week. She also asks the students to nominate  one student who they think is the most popular student that week. They needn't write down their names on the paper.
After the students go home, she takes out those pieces of paper, and studies them.
In fact, Chase's teacher is not looking for a new seating chart or "popular students." She is looking for lonely children. She's looking for the ones who are unwilling to connect with others. She is discovering whose gifts are not noticed by their classmates. Then she gets to know who needs help.
After watching Columbine the wise woman realized that all violence  comes from loneliness. So she decided to start fighting violence early and often, and what she is doing is SAVING LIVES.
And she finds the lonely kids through those lists and tries to help them. It's math to her. All is love - evenmath.
The question is: Why does Chase's teacher ask her students to write down some names on paper?
The possible answers are:
A:Because She is looking for the popular student.
B:Because she is looking for a new seating chart.
C:Because she wants to help her students learn math.
D:Because she wants to find the lonely children.Do you have the experience of taking music lessons against your wishes? Perhaps you have complained about it because you thought it took you much playtime. But now you'd better thank your parents for their time and money spent on your musical training. A recent study suggests music lessons can make children have better memories than their peers  .
The Canadian study showed that after one year of musical training, children did better on a memory test than those who didn't take music lessons.
The researchers made the children aged between 4 and 6 into two groups -- one group of children took music lessons outside school, and the other didn't take any musical training. In one year, they took four tests in different times. The results showed brain development changes at least every four months.
The children taking music lessons not only did better in musical listening but also made faster progress in other ways, such as reading, writing, math and IQ.
People say music is the good medicine for a broken heart. Now it seems music can also help us to improve our memories. We are sure to find more and more in the wonderful world of music.
The question is: The Canadian study showed that brain development changes  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:once a week
B:at least every four months
C:four times a year
D:twice a yearDuring the day we work and play; at night we sleep. Our bodies rest while we sleep. In the morning we are ready to work and play again. While we are asleep our bodies grow most. Children usually need more sleep. We can get our lessons better and we feel better too, when we have plenty of rest. Boys and girls need ten hours of sleep every night when they are eight or nine years old. Our bodies need lots of air when we sleep. If we do not get enough fresh air we'll feel tired when we wake up. While in bed we must not cover our heads. If we do, our lungs will not get enough fresh air. If we open our windows at night we can have plenty of fresh air. Cool air is better then warm air. Boys and girls must get enough sleep if they want to grow and be strong.
The question is: What do the lungs need most?
The possible answers are:
A:Fresh air
B:Food
C:Rest
D:ExerciseAccording to some predictions, human beings will die out in 2012. Nearly all people think it's impossible, but there are some more earthquakes in recent years.
Animals can predict the weather or other natural events. It may sound strange, but farmers living in the countryside think so. For hundreds of years , they have observed animals.
"Animals ' behavior can be connected to future weather conditions or events." They say. For example, if cows lie down, a rainstorm is coming. There are many traditional stories connecting animals and natural events. Many people think that these stories don't have scientific evidence(  ) at all. Scientists, however, are beginning to take another look at some of these ideas.
A Japanese earthquake researcher named Kiyoshi Shimamura noticed an increase in dog bites a short time before earthquake hit. Then he did research on twelve public health centers in Kobe, Japan. These health centers treated people after the 1995 earthquake . He got some interesting information about the month before the big earthquake:  treatment for animals' bites had increased . In fact, aggressive behavior in dogs, such as biting and barking loudly , jumped 60 percent.
There are also other changes in animals' behavior before the earthquake. For example, fish began swimming together in large groups , but only in the middle of the water and not near the edges. Birds flew away from their nests for many days, leaving their eggs unprotected . These animals' behavior suggests that animals may be able to predict natural events better than people.
The question is: Which of the following animals behave strangely before an earthquake according to this passage?
The possible answers are:
A:Fish
B:Cows
C:Pigs
D:All of the above.This is Joy's bedroom.it's a small room . He has some pictures.They are on the wall. He also has a desk and a chair in his bedroom.The desk is near the window. His bag and pencil box are on the desk. There are some pencils,a pen,a ruler in the pencil box. He has a baseball and a basketball. They are under the bed.Joy likes playing basketball and baseball. He also has two volleyb alls,but he doesn't like playing volleyball.
,A, B, C, D. (5,2,10)
The question is: Joy's bedroom is   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:small
B:big
C:old
D:newIn their last moment before the flight took off, I heard a father saying to his daughter, " I love you, I wish you enough." The daughter said, "Daddy, our life together has been more than enough. Your love is all I ever needed. I wish you enough to." They kissed goodbye and the daughter left. I could see the father was very sad.
Suddenly the father walked towards me and asked me, "Did you ever say goodbye to someone knowing it would be the last time?"
His words made me think of my father. Realizing that my father's days were limited ,I took the time to tell him face to face how much he meant to me. So I understood what this father was experiencing.
" Yes, I did." I answered, " But why is this a last goodbye?"
" I am old and my daughter lives much too far away. Maybe her next trip back will be for my funeral  ," he said.
" When you were saying goodbye, I heard you say 'I wish you enough'. What does that mean?"
He began to smile. "my parents used to say it to me . When we say 'I wish you enough',we want the other person to have a life filled with enough good things." He stopped for a moment and continued, "I wish you enough sun to keep your attitude bright. I wish you enough rain to appreciate (, ) the sun more. I wish you enough happiness to keep your spirit alive. I wish you enough pain so that the smallest joys in life seem much bigger... I wish you enough 'Hellos' to get you through the final ' Goodbye'".
He then said goodbye to me and walked away.
,. (5,2, 10)
The question is: Where did the story happened?
The possible answers are:
A:In a hospital.
B:At an airport
C:At a train station
D:In a parkGuide dogs   are a big help to blind people. A guide dog helps its owner cross the street and do many other things. But it is not easy to become a guide dog. Here's what a dog must do to get the job:
1. When the dog is very young, trainers watch the dog to make sure it is friendly and quiet.
2. For one year, the dog goes to live with a testing   family. The family teaches the dog some simple words, like "Sit!" and "Stay!"
3. Then the dog goes to school, where trainers teach the dog to lead a person. The dog must learn to _ cars and other dangers in the street or in the neighborhood.
4. The trainers take the dog into town to practice going into stores and banks.
5. If the dog has done well at school, it is ready to meet his blind owner. Now they will work as a team.
The question is: The story is probably written to   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:explain how guide dogs are trained
B:tell people to get pet dogs
C:compare dogs with other pets
D:help blind people find the right petDid you watch the magic shows played by Liu Qian from Taiwan in the 2009 CCTV Spring Festival Gala ? They attracted great attention and wide interests of the audience  . During the gala, Liu mangaged to drop a coin into a glass which was placed upside down   and _ a finger ring into an egg. The two magic shows were so successful that everyone is now mad about him and all want to know how to play magic tricks. "I saw the surprise on everyone's face. It was cool, "Liu said.
However, you may not believe that Liu didn't go to any magic school. He just learned by himself. When Liu was seven, he saw a coin trick in a big store. At that moment Liu decided to learn magic. He worked hard at it. He practiced hard to improve his skills. Then one day he was able to put on a show for his class.
After years of hard work, now Liu is a great magician. But he isn't satisfied with what he has got and keeps on trying every day. He may spend three years working out a new show.
The question is: Liu Qian becomes famous  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:because he is from Taiwan
B:for his magic shows.
C:only in Taiwan
D:when he was seven.There are two mice. They are called Bill and Paul. They are good friends. One mouse lives in the country; the other mouse lives in the city. On a sunny day they meet in the street.
Paul: Hi, Bill! Have a look at my house in the country. I'm sure you can enjoy yourself.
Bill: I'd love to. But I hear that the food is not delicious, and your house is not good. Is it so?
Paul: No, that's not true. Go and see!
Then Bill goes to the countryside with Paul.
Bill: Why do you live in a hole in the field? You should come and live in the city. You would live in a nice house made of stone. You would have better food to eat. You must come and see me at my house in the city.
Paul: Thanks! Maybe you are right. I'll visit your house one day.
 _ days later Paul goes to Bill's house in the city. The house is big and beautiful. They are sitting in the sitting-room, having a big dinner comfortably. Suddenly, there a great noise.
Bill: Run! Run! The cat is coming!
Paul: Oh, no! It's terrible! Both the house and the food are nice, but I do not like living in the city. I enjoy living in my hole in the field, for it is nice to be poor but happy than to be rich but afraid.
The question is: Which is the best title?
The possible answers are:
A:The City Mouse and the Country Mouse
B:Two friends
C:Two Beautiful Mice
D:The Country and they CitySports can help us a lot. Taking exercise can make us strong. In collectivesports like basketball,volleyball or football,wewill learn the importance of cooperation. And sports can also help us relax after work or study.
However,as the saying goes,"There are two sides of everything. "Sometimes we may hurt other players or ourselves if we are not careful enough when participatingin sports activities. What's more,too much or hard practice can be bad for our health.
Sports can make us healthy both physically and psychologically. It is also a good way for people to know each other and can improve friendship between people. So long as we are careful enough,sports can do us nothing but good.
The question is: The best title for this passage can be"  _  ".
The possible answers are:
A:Sports and health
B:Everybody must do sports
C:Sports are nothing to people
D:No one likes sportsYou're on the school bus. But as soon as you turn the corner, you find yourself at the end of a very long queue. It's another _ ! It is stop-start for the rest of your journey. Meanwhile, at the same time in Antarctica , snow covers the land. A group of emperor penguins crowd together to keep warm, using stop-and-go movements to protect themselves from the winds. Can you see the connection?
Emperor penguins move like cars in traffic jams to keep warm, that's according to new research by the Alfred Wegener Institute, Helmholtz Center for Polar and Marina Research in Germany. A penguin only needs to move 2cm in any direction for its neighbor to do the same thing. These movements then flow  through the whole group of penguins like a "traveling wave".
These waves also help smaller crowds join bigger groups, keeping more and more of their friends warm. A single Antarctic "traffic jam" has thousands of penguins. Interestingly, the technology used for studying road traffic jams was used to study the penguins. This included studying time-lapse  videos. Scientists also discovered that unlike on the road, these waves can be made by any penguin and in any direction.
With temperatures usually dropping below -50degC, and winds reaching speeds of up to 200km/h, these traveling waves are very important for penguins to keep warm.
These penguins can also teach us a lesson. In big groups, they learn to be orderly and patient, and to never crash into each other. These are skills we should all learn from them when we are on the road!
The question is: From the passage, we learn that a "traveling wave"   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:is caused by a traffic jam on the road
B:is caused by the strong wind in Antarctica
C:is formed by the movement of the penguins
D:is made by just one or two penguinsThis is my school. There are many trees and flowers in it. It's very beautiful. The teaching building is big and tall. There is a big playground in our school. After 4:30 in the afternoon, many students come to the playground to play football and some students play table tennis in the table tennis room. There are 1,200 students and 25 classes in our school. The students all like to study. The teachers in our school are very good. They help the students to study and the students like them, too.
The question is: Do the students like to study?
The possible answers are:
A:Yes,they do.
B:No,they don't.
C:Yes,they are.
D:No,they aren't.These days, more and more Chinese people enjoy sending and receiving messages on the phone. It can help them to get the latest news and communicate with friends. But I think I should read more books besides the textbooks, the more, the better. It can open my eyes and improve my language skills. Of course, it can also help me to get good grades at school. Do you know how to read more and learn more? Here are some tips for you.
Clear your purpose for reading
Before you start reading, ask yourself why you are reading this book. Most people read for two main reasons, pleasure or knowledge. Clearing about your reading purpose can not only help you choose the books you really need to read, but also remind you why reading the book is important to you, so you will keep reading and complete the book faster.
Read only what you are interested in
No matter what you are reading, it is important to enjoy what you read. Whenever you realize that you aren't enjoying the book you are reading, give it up. Remember reading shouldn't be a chore.
Set a reading goal
It is interesting that I read the books borrowed from libraries faster than those I bought. The reason is the books I bought don't have a _ ! I don't need to return those books. Having a reading goal helps you work out how much reading you need to do in a week or even a day. Before you read each book, ask yourself what time you need to complete this book by.
,.
The question is: Why do most people read books?
The possible answers are:
A:To get the latest news.
B:For pleasure or knowledge.
C:To improve their language skills.
D:To get good grades.Trip 1  One week in the Mountains
Bring your strong shoes and warm clothes for this walk in a beautiful area of the Green Mountains. You may go hiking or have a try of rock climbing. This is also a protection area for wild animals. You can find many kinds of animals living in this area.
Time: May 8--May 14   Tel: 64639818    Adult: $110
Trip 2  Three days in the country
There are many beautiful gardens. Take your camera and enjoy the wonderful sight in Hunter Valley. It is a good place for fishing and horse riding. Bird lovers can also enjoy a great walk.
Time: May 20--May 22        Tel: 63986423   Adult: $50      Child: $25
Trip 3  Flashlight adventure
Put on your warm clothes, bring a torch, and come for a night walk along the Dungog Valley. It's a trip full of adventure. A guide will lead the tour. Many of the plants you will see on this trip can only be seen at night.
Time: May 16--May 18     Tel: 63875629      Adult: $30       Not for children
Trip 4  Five days by the sea
Wear your sun hat and enjoy wonderful sunshine all the time from morning to evening. Our hotel is next to the sea. We have our own boats, too. You can swim in the sea or in the swimming pool. Every day our boat will take you to different places for swimming.
Time: May 23--May 27        Tel: 67538293     Adult: $80      Child: $40
The question is: If you want to enjoy the sunshine with your friends at the seaside, you can call   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:67538293
B:63875629
C:64639818
D:63986423I'm a Chinese  girl. My name is Li Ying. I'm twelve. I'm in No. 1 Middle school . Chen Hong is my friend . She is nine. Mr Wu is my Chinese teacher  and Miss Zhao is my English teacher.
The question is: Li Ying and Chen Hong are  _
The possible answers are:
A:teachers
B:friends
C:boys
D:English"Come on, Dad! It's 7:20 a.m. now," says Harry.
"I need to wash   the car now," Mr. Smith says. "You walk to school this morning, OK?"
"But the school is a little far," says Jane.
"Walking is good. Now get your schoolbags and go!"
Then Jane and Harry walk to school. It takes 30 minutes. When they get to school, they are very tired.
In the evening, Jane and Harry have a big meal   with their grandfather. They tell him they are not happy to walk to school. Grandpa says, "That's good for you. I used to   walk five miles to school every day."
"Really?" Jane says. "But I don't like walking."
Grandpa says, "Kids   need to walk or run every day. It's good for your health.
"Oh, I'll start walking every day," Harry says. "I'd like to be healthy."
"I will join you, Harry," says Jane.
The question is: Which is true according to the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:Jane and Harry aren't in the same school.
B:It takes Jane's father 30 minutes to wash his car.
C:Jane's grandfather thinks kids need to ride to school.
D:Harry will start walking because he wants to be healthy.Hello! I'm Jim Green. I'm English. This is my mother. Her first name is Mary. This is my father.His name is Steve. My telephone number is eight five six o nine one seven six. My friend is Li Lei. His English name is Tony. He is a Chinese boy. His telephone number is 82815248. My English teacher is Jenny Brown. She is a good teacher.
The question is: My father's last name is  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:Jim
B:Steven
C:Green
D:TomMany people are so busy these days that they have no time to cook at home. This becomes a problem because most families love home cooking! The food tastes good and a family meal can bring everyone together. In some families, meals are often the only chance everyone gets to see each other at the same time during the day.
Another reason people enjoy home cooking is that it is a way of showing love. A parent who makes some cookies is not just satisfying a child's sweet tooth. He or she is sending a message  . The message says, "I care about you enough to spend an hour making cookies that you will eat up in 15 minutes if I let you." There is also something about the smell of home cooking. The smell of cooking makes people happy. It makes most of us feel good and loved--even if we're the ones doing the cooking! Next time you smell a cake making, stop for a moment and pay attention to your mood (,).
The question is: Home cooking is   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:good and warm
B:a way of showing love
C:satisfying a child's tooth
D:Both A and BThe Christmas Eve meal is very important in most European countries. While other Christian families around the world celebrate this great meal with different kinds of meat, it is a tradition for Italians to eat seven different kinds of fish. Such a meal is called the "Feast of the Seven Fishes". It's also considered traditional that there may be nine, eleven, or even thirteen fishes for the meal. This kind of celebration is held to remember the birth of the baby Jesus.
The Feast of the Seven Fishes was held just by southern Italians as a custom at first, but today Italians all over the world hold it. Although the Feast of the Seven Fishes has been regarded as an Italian custom, no one _ knows the meaning of it. There are lots of explanations for it. Some people believe that seven fishes are served because it took God seven days to create the world. Other explanations mention the Seven Hills of Rome.
For the Feast of the Seven Fishes, it's not certain that which kinds of fish should be served. At the Feast of the Seven Fishes, the meal usually begins with antipasto   and ends with delicious desserts.
The Feast of the Seven Fishes has been a tradition since ancient times, and it will continue or even change as life changes. However, for Italians all over the world, the cultural meaning of the tradition is more important than anything else.
The question is: Italian families celebrate the Christmas Eve meal with different kinds of   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:meat
B:fish
C:desserts
D:antipastoWhat is your favourite colour? Do you like yellow, orange, red? If you do, you must be an optimist , a leader, an active person who enjoys life, people and excitement. Do you prefer greys and blues? Then you are probably quiet, shy and you would rather follow than lead. If you love green, you are strong-minded and determined. You wish to succeed and want other people to see you are successful. At least this is what psychologists tell us, and they should know, because they have been seriously studying the meaning of colour preference, and the influence that colours have on human beings. They tell us that we don't choose our favourite colours as we grow up. If you happen to love brown, you did so as soon as you opened your eyes, or at least as soon as you could see clearly.
A yellow room makes us feel more cheerful and more comfortable than a dark green one, and a red dress brings warmth and cheer to the saddest winter day. On the other hand, black is depressing. Light and bright colours make people not only happier but more active. It is a fact that factory workers work better, harder, and have fewer accidents when their machines and painted orange rather than black or dark grey.
Remember, then, that if you feel low, you can always brighten your day or your life with a new shirt or a few colourful things. Remember also that you will know your friends and your enemies better when you find out what colours they like and dislike. And don't forget that anyone can guess a lot about your character when you choose a piece of handkerchief .
The question is: The author believes in the passage that   _   .
The possible answers are:
A:anyone can choose his color preference in his life
B:no one can choose his color preference in his life
C:anyone is born with his color preference
D:no one is born with his color preferenceAn old man was going home late one night with his horse and cart after a day's hard work. When he was not far from his house, the light on the cart went out. He tried but could not mend   it. He was near his home, and so he went along the road without a light. When a policeman saw this, he stopped the old carter.
"Where is your light?" asked the policeman. "No man may take a cart along the road at night without a light. You know that. You have broken the law  ." "I had a light, but it has just gone out," said the old man.
"I don't believe that story," said the policeman. He took out a book and got ready to write. What's your name and where do you live?" he asked.
"Please don't take my name," said the old man. "My home is just there. You can see it from here. I had a light nearly the whole way. I haven't come far without a light."
"You came all the way without a light. What's your name?"
The carter quickly took the policeman's hand and put it down on top of the light. The light was still hot and burnt the policeman's hand. The policeman jumped and he was very angry. "Now, what do you think?" said the carter. "Did I come all the way without a light?"
The question is: What made the policeman believe the old man's words?
The possible answers are:
A:He made the policeman touch the light.
B:He jumped and shouted angrily.
C:He made the policeman angry.
D:The light burnt the policeman's hands.Chen Hua is in a new school now. It's near her home. It's about 10 minutes on foot. But she has a problem. Classes begin at 7:50 in the morning, and she is often late for school.
"How do you usually come to school?" says his teacher.
"I usually come to school on foot." Chen Hua answers.
"What time do you usually get up?" says her teacher.
"I usually get up at 6:00." Chen Hua answers.
"Well, it's early. And what time do you leave home?" says her teacher.
"I leave home at 7:40." Chen Hua answers.
"Why don't you leave home a little earlier ?" says her teacher.
"Sorry, I can't." Chen Hua answers.
"Mom is ill. She stays in bed all day. So I must look after her. I must cook breakfast. I must help her have breakfast. At 7:30 I must give her medicine  on time. Then I'm often late for school." Chen Hua says with tears  in her eyes.
"Oh, sorry, I see. You're a good girl!"
The question is: What time does leave home?   _
The possible answers are:
A:7:45
B:7:40
C:7:30
D:7:50When trouble comes, what do we usually do? We pick up our mobile phones and call for help. That's easy, right? But in an emergency, many people are unable to call for help. Floods and earthquakes come suddenly. Wars can hurt or kill. Successful communication can sometimes mean the difference between life and death.
Meet French NGO Telecoms Sans Frontiers (Telecommunications Without Borders  ). Its goal is to use mobile communication technology   to help people in need. TSF began in 1998. First, they opened their main base   in France. Then in 2003, they started another base in Nicaragua. The next year they opened their Thailand base. Now if a disaster hits anywhere in the world, TSF is ready. They can send workers to a disaster area to set up communication systems within 24 hours.
Once TSF arrives at a disaster area, they set up telephone connections  and Internet service. They share these services with other international helpers on the scene such as the UN or UNICEF. Mobile communication helps other volunteers do their jobs better.
TSF also offers three-minute phone calls to local people who need to contact their loved ones. These communications can allow people to get together again after being separated  . Often the callers are moved to tears after speaking to a relative found to be still alive. Then the families can decide on a safe course of action for their family members.
Since 1998, TSF has helped thousands of people in many countries. Most of the TSF workers does not get paid with money, but the satisfaction of helping others and changing lives is often a great reward.
The question is: Which of the following is TRUE?
The possible answers are:
A:TSF has a history of over 20 years.
B:Most TSF workers are volunteers.
C:TSF provides services for local people only.
D:TSF had opened 4 bases all over the world by 2004.A good reader is very much like a driver. He must change his reading speed to fit what he is reading and what he is reading for, just as a driver does to fit the road situation.
A good reader may read at 1,000 WPM(... )when he looks for something for a report in the library. But once he finds what he needs, he may slow down to 100 WPM. A good reader may read newspapers and story books at 600 WPM. But he may read his science or maths books at 150 WPM. Just as a driver has a wide change of driving speed, so a good reader has a wide change of reading speed.
The question is: The writer thinks that a good reader can  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:read at 1,000 WPM
B:read as fast as he can
C:change the reading speeds as he needs
D:spend more time readingWhat do you think of a " talking kitchen"? A French Digital Kitchen has been developed at Newcastle University in the UK. It teaches students how to cook French food and speak French at the same time. For the first time, students can learn a language by the following cooking steps.
All grammar and  _  have been carefully chosen to make sure the users can understand French well. After learning for some time, the users can test themselves by doing a short test on the computer.
The kitchen project was started by Professor Paul Seedhouse. He became interested in the idea after he visited another kind of talking kitchen. He said, " The purpose of the French Digital Kitchen is to make learning a language more interesting and more educational."
How does the kitchen work? There is a computer in the kitchen. With this computer,  the users can first choose a French recipe( ) that they want to follow. Using information in the computer, the kitchen starts to guide the users how to make a French dish. If you follow the instructions on the computer, it moves on to the next. If you go wrong, the program goes back and repeats the recipe or information. At any time, the users can also ask the kitchen to repeat the recipe or any information..
The new kitchen can be used in school, universities and even people's homes. The researchers will also be developing the European Digital Kitchen, for the next three years.
The question is: Which of the following can be properly put in "  _  "?
The possible answers are:
A:food
B:vocabulary
C:recipe
D:instructionsWelcome to FrightCatalog.com!  We have the widest selection of outfits you'll need to make your holiday one to remember. Regardless of age, men's, women's and kids' outfits are always fun to wear. The outfits give you a chance to live a life outside of your own for one whole night.
At FrightCatalog.com, there are countless adult outfits and kids' disguises  for you to choose from. If you are looking for something frightening or scary, we have it. If you are looking for something cute or funny, we also have it. If you want to combine the two, go ahead, we have that, too. Our passion makes it impossible not to collect the best products, which is why we have made it our goal to collect so many outfits.
Before you buy, ask yourself a couple of questions. First, do you want a full-body outfit, or a multi-pieced one? Full-body ones can be more detailed, but a multi-pieced outfit will not get as hot inside, which can be either good or bad. Next, are you going with a group? There is nothing more impressive than seeing a group of people dressed in theme. Lastly, do you have a favorite movie? We have plenty of movie disguises for you to choose from, like Star Trek, Alice in Wonderland or Wizard of Oz.
With a selection as large as ours, even your dog can enjoy this especially hallow night. You can turn your friend into Spider-Man, superman and countless other choices. If you already have your outfit picked out for yourself, search for a dog outfit that will match your own. For example, you could be the robber and your dog could be the policeman, or go for a Batman and Robin combination. Whatever you do, let your dog have some fun, too.
Our outfits let you have your October 31st experience, so you get the most out of this frighteningly entertaining night of tricks and treats. Take your time and find the one that catches your attention.
The question is: What does the word "outfit" mean in the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:A set of clothes to wear together for a special occasion.
B:Something to wear to frighten people at night.
C:Something to wear to protect oneself at night.
D:Something to wear to attract people's attention at night.A young mother thought that it was very wrong to waste any food when there were so many hungry people in the world. One evening, she was giving her small daughter her tea before putting her to bed. First she gave her a piece of bread and butter, but the child said that she did not want it like that. She asked for some jam on her bread as well.
Her mother looked at her for a few seconds and then said, "When I was a small girl like you. I was always given either bread and butter, or bread and jam, but never bread with butter and jam."
Lucy looked at her mother for a few moments with pity in her eyes and said to her kindly, "Aren't you pleased to live a happy life this now?"
The question is: Lucy's mother thought it was wrong to waste food because  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:the food was delicious
B:it was hard to get food
C:there were so many hungry people in the world
D:the food was little to eatWhen we talk about instant  messaging tool, which will be the first one jump into your mind? If your answer is QQ or MSN, I must say you're a bit old fashioned. Today, Wechat is becoming the most popular text and voice messaging tool all over the world. It has had 700 million registered  users all over the world up to now. It has a Chinese name Weixin, it is necessary for the young people in China to have the communication tool. Actually, it is also a new product from Tencent ,so we can call it QQ's little brother.
You can log in to Wechat with your Facebook account  or _ with your phone number, and then add your friends' number in your contact list , by which you can chat with your family of friends in a brand new way by using your phone no matter when and where you are. It's just like using a walkie talkie (two way radio).But you don't need to worry about other things, such as basic fees. It won't cost you extra money to make conversations.
You can also only need three steps to finish calling others through Wechat. It is free for ten minutes. If you want to make a phone call again, you need to pay for it through a credit card. Someone thinks the sound in the phone is not clear. There is some noise in it. It is not safe for the user. So you should pay attention to your personal information and not share it to others.
The question is: Which of the following is NOT true about Wechat?
The possible answers are:
A:It is a messaging tool.
B:It is used in the phone.
C:You can't do anything except making a call.
D:You need to add your friends' number in your contact list before chatting with them.Television is good.You'd like to watch it all day and all night.But too much TV is a very bad thing.Scientists found that kids who watch too much TV may have more trouble learning to read.They can't focus on their work.
Kids learn language skills best by reading,talking and playing with others.If they spend too much time watching TV,they'll have less time for those things.
Watching too much TV is bad for people's health.People don't move much while watching TV.What's more,they may eat a lot of food while watching.This can make them fat.We call these people"couch potatoes".
Fighting on TV is a big problem for kids.Young people are good at following.Scientists have found that those who watch a lot of fighting programmes are more likely to fight.
The question is: While watching TV,what DON'T people do?
The possible answers are:
A:Eat a lot of food
B:Have less time for reading
C:Hardly move
D:Focus on their workMr. Green and his wife had a dog. When they went out, they always left the dog inside the house. One evening they wanted to go to the cinema, so they left the dog in the house and locked the door and their garden gate. They went off in their car.
When the film was finished, they went home. They opened the gate and put the car away. When they came to the front door, they found that the glass in the door was broken. The door was not locked and it was open. A robber! They went in and quickly looked in all the rooms to see if the robber had taken their things. However, everything was in the right place and nothing at all was missing.
The dog was sleeping in the sitting-room. The wife was angry with the dog."Why didn't you guard the house?"she said. The dog was pleased to see Mr. and Mrs. Green. It began to wag its tail and then it went to a comer of the room and picked up something in its mouth. It went to the wife and dropped the thing at her feet. When she went to pick it up, she was very surprised. Can you guess what the dog's present was ?It was a man's finger!
The end of the story is this. Mr. Green telephoned the police and told them everything. Three days later the police caught the robber. They found him easily.
The question is: The robber was caught easily because   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:the police knew him
B:the police happened to meet him
C:Mr. Green know where he lived
D:he had one of his fingersMary has a lot of hobbies. She usually gets up early so she can run before work. She doesn't often have time to skate, but she sometimes goes on Saturdays during the winter. Mary often rides a horse near here home. She sometimes goes after work, but she usually goes horseback riding on Sundays. She loves music. She always goes to choir practice  on Wednesday evenings and sings in church  on Sundays. She doesn't have much money, so she seldom  goes to concerts  in the city. She seldom watches TV because she likes doing things outside. She usually goes to the gym  if it's raining outside. She isn't often alone  because she has a lot of friends. She sometimes does something alone, but she usually does her hobbies with one of her friends. She's a happy woman!
The question is: Mary often gets up early because she wants to   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:have breakfast
B:clean her room
C:run
D:skateBEIJING--Heavy haze   still covered north and east China on Saturday, with
highways closed and flights delayed or canceled  .
The smoggy weather affected the country's land from north to south, including Beijing, Hebei, Shandong, Jiangsu, Shanghai, Zhejiang, Hunan, Guangxi and Guangdong, with visibility less than 50 meters in some areas.
Cities like Shanghai and Nanjing have been enveloped in the grey sky for the past several days. Many walkers in the street had to wear masks. In the Lukou airport in Nanjing, Jiangsu Province, more than 60 inbound and outbound flights were canceled on Saturday because of the hazy, which also forced primary and middle schools and kindergartens to stop classes on Thursday and Friday in Nanjing.
The Ministry of Environmental Protection said earlier this week that there were several main reasons behind the widespread haze: unfavorable weather conditions making it difficult for pollutants to diffuse  , motor vehicle exhaust  , coal use for winter heating.
The Chinese government now plans to clean up the air by cutting coal use, closing some factories and promoting cleaner production.
"We must face up to the realities," said Yan Naiqiang, a professor of environmental science at Shanghai Jiao Tong University. "The treatment of smog will be a long battle."
The question is: Which of the following is  _  a reason for the heavy haze?
The possible answers are:
A:Bad weather conditions.
B:Too many flights.
C:Motor vehicle exhaust.
D:Coal use.A peacock   and a tortoise   were good friends. One day, a bird catcher caught the peacock and was going to sell him on the market. The peacock asked the bird catcher to allow him to say goodbye to his friend the tortoise. The bird catcher agreed.
The tortoise asked the bird catcher to let the peacock go, but he refused. The tortoise then said, "If I give you a nice gift, will you let my friend go?" "Certainly," answered the bird catcher.
So the tortoise jumped into the river and after some time, he came up with a big pearl  . The bird catcher was so surprised. He was so happy that he let the peacock go.
A few days later, the bird catcher came back to the tortoise. He thought he didn't get enough for letting the peacock go. He told the tortoise that he would catch the peacock again unless he got another big pearl.
The tortoise knew his friend the peacock went to a safe place. "Well," said the tortoise, "please return the pearl that I gave you and I will come back with two."
The bird catcher thought for some time and gave the pearl to the tortoise. Then the tortoise swam away and said, "I am not so stupid to take one and give two!" The bird catcher could only stand by the river and feel sorry for being greedy  .
The question is: The passage mainly tells us   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:we shouldn't be greedy
B:tortoises are clever animals
C:we should be friendly to animals
D:two different animals can be good friendsAmerican black bears appear in a variety of colors despite  their name. In the eastern part, most of these bears have shiny black fur, but in the west they grow brown, red, or even yellow coats. To the north, the black bear is actually gray or white in color. Even in the same litter , both brown and black furred bears may be born.
Black bears are the smallest of all American bears, ranging in length from five to six feet, weighing from three hundred to five hundred pounds. Their eyes and ears are small and their eyesight and hearing are not as good as their sense of smell. Like all bears, the black bear is timid and rarely dangerous, but if attacked, most can climb trees or cover ground at great speed. When angry or frightened, they are formidable  _ .
Black bears feed on leaves, roots, fruit, insects, fish, and even larger animals. One of the most interesting characteristics of bears, including the black bear, is their winter sleep. Unlike squirrels and many other woodland animals, bears do not actually sleep through the winter months. Although the bear does not eat during the winter months, sustaining  itself from body fat, its temperature remains almost normal, and it breathes regularly four or five times per minute.
Most black bears live alone, except during the mating  season. They prefer to live in caves. Baby black bears are born in January or February after a gestation  period of six to nine months, and they stay with their mother until they are fully grown or about one and a half years old. Black bears can live as long as thirty years in the wild, and even longer in some nature reserves.
The question is: Black bears have a good sense of   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:hearing
B:smell
C:eyesight
D:tasteThere are many kinds of cars in this world. My grandfather thinks this is because cars are like their drivers. He says, "Rich people have expensive cars, big people have large cars, and old people drive old cars." But I don't agree with him.
My neighbor, Mrs. Hill, is 82 years old. She drives only on Tuesday, and then she drives only to the bank. She never drives more than 30 kilometers an hour. Do you think Mrs. Hill has a very old and small car? No! Her car is new. It's very large, and it can go 200 kilometers an hour!
My friend Mike is an artist. He paints beautiful pictures with lots of colors. But his car is black. Mrs. Bates has a very, very old car. It often has some trouble. Does she drive that kind of car because she is poor? No, she has four restaurants and two million dollars in the bank. My uncle Joe has a very small car. Every Sunday, he drives to the country with his wife, his three children, his mother and his dog.
Now, you have read about my friends and their cars. Do you agree with my grandfather? Maybe you have a car. Does it say something about you?
The question is: Though Uncle Joe has a very small car,   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:he has a dog
B:he has a large family
C:he has no children
D:he has few members in his familyOne day in April, a special activity called"Food Street"was held on the playground at Railway No. 1 Middle School in Xi'an.
This activity was part of the English Art Festival in the school. The students in each class were divided  into some groups. Each group sold different kinds of foods. The students did the shopping and the cooking all by themselves. The students cooked delicious food such as fried chicken, potato chips and vegetables. They all worked hard and sold the food at low prices. The customers  were all the students, teachers and parents. They were all pleased with the nice food.
"It's really hard work," said one of the students who took part in the activity. "We must make a plan before the cooking. We must know how much we should spend on the things we need. Also, we must learn how to serve customers well."
"This activity is to give a chance to students to develop  their practical abilities ," said one teacher, "What's more, the students will not only learn how to make money by their own hands, but also know the meaning of life. "
The question is: From what one student said, it showed that   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:the activity was not easy
B:the students like the activity better than their class lessons
C:the whole cooking has too much work
D:they don't like to make Chinese foodAn old woman went out shopping last Tuesday. She came to a bank and saw a car near the door. A young man with dark glasses got out of it and went into the bank. She looked into the car and found some keys in it.
The man took a gun out of his pocket and said to the man in the bank, "Give me all the money." But the woman didn't see this. She went to the young man and put the keys in his hand, "My boy," she said, "Don't leave your keys in your car! Someone is going to steal  it."
The young man looked at the old woman for a few minutes. Then he took his keys, ran out of the bank, got into his car and drove away quickly without taking any money.
The question is: The old woman went out to   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:work
B:do some shopping
C:the bank
D:playOne day, an old man went for a walk in a park in Washington, and when he was tired, he sat down in a chair. A young person was standing on the other side of the pool.
"Oh!" the old man said to the person sitting be side him on the chair. "Do you see that person with the glasses and long hair? Is it a boy or a girl?" "A girl." said the neighbor . "She is my daughter." "Oh!" the old man said quickly. "Please forgive me, I did not know that you were her mother." "I'm not." Said the other person, "I'm her father."
The question is: What did the old man see on the other side of the pool?
The possible answers are:
A:A girl
B:A boy
C:A young person
D:A manWe are all busy talking about and using the Internet. But how many of us know the history of the Internet?
Many people are surprised when they find that the Internet was set up in the 1960s. At that time, computers were large and expensive. Computer networks didn't work well. If one computer in the network broke down, then the whole network stopped. So a new network system  had to be set up. It should be good enough to be used by many different computers. If part of the network was not working, information could be sent through another part. In this way computer network system would keep on working all the time . 
At first the Internet was only used by the government  , but in the early 1970s; universities, hospitals and banks were allowed to use it, too. However, computers were still very expensive and yet Internet was difficult to use. By the start of the 1990s, computers became cheaper and easier to use. Scientists had also developed   software   that made "surfing" the Internet easier.
Today it is easy to get online and it is said that millions of people use the Internet every day. Sending e-mail is more and more popular among young people.
The Internet has become one of the most important parts of people s life.
The question is: What can we infer  from the last sentence ?
The possible answers are:
A:People will die without the Internet.
B:All people should set up their own network.
C:People live easily without the Internet.
D:People will more and more depend on  the Internet.My best friends are John and Ann. We do many things together. John lives near my house and we are in the same class. He's fifteen years old and he's tall and thin. He's got blond hair and blue eyes. He's polite and very clever. He's very good at math and he helps me with my homework sometimes. He usually wears jeans and a T-shirt but in the photo he's wearing black trousers and a yellow T-shirt. We also play basketball at a nearby park together and sometimes we play video games at my home.
Our friend Ann doesn't go to our school. She's short and thin, with straight brown hair and brown eyes. She's a little bit shy. We all have Kung Fu lesson every Tuesday and Friday afternoon. We love it. Ann is really good at Kung Fu. We call her the" Kung Fu Kid". She sometimes plays basketball with us, too. In the picture she is wearing a dress, T-shirt and a baseball cap. The three of us have great fun together,
The question is: What are John and Ann's favorite clothes?
The possible answers are:
A:T-shirt.
B:Jeans.
C:Trousers.
D:SkirtsAn old farmer spent all his life on his farm in the country in the southeast of England. One day he decided to visit the big city. Everything was new and strange to him, because he had never traveled to the city before.
The old farmer visited a lot of interesting places in the city.
He rushed into a large tall building and saw a lift. When he was watching, an old woman got into the lift and closed the door. After a while, the door opened again and a very perfect young girl came out.
The old farmer was very surprised, "What a funny little room!" He said to himself, "It's magic. It can change an old woman into a young girl. The next time I come here, I'm going to bring my wife to take the lift. "
The question is: The old farmer decided   _   one day.
The possible answers are:
A:to visit a building
B:to visit a city
C:to visit a factory
D:to visit a farmLook at this photo!  It is a photo of Sam' s family and Jack' s family. They are at Jack' s home. They have a party there.
Sam and Jack are good friends. Jack and his family will go on a round-the-world journey . They will start  from their home in America, and they will go to Japan, China,  India,  Australia,  Egypt, England, etc. Jack and his family have the party to say goodbye to their friends.
Jack' s son Nick is only 8. Sam's son, William, is Nick's good friend. He can't see Nick for a long time. He gives Nick a nice pen. He says it can help Nick remember  good things on their journey
.
The question is: What do Jack and his family have the party for?
The possible answers are:
A:To say goodbye to their friends.
B:To ask their friends for help.
C:To thank their friends.
D:To make new friends.My father is tall and has short gray hair. He wears glasses with heavy black frames . Today I find a picture of him in 1986. What a surprise! In the picture, he's 15 years old. He's short and he has glasses with small round frames. He has long black hair and it's really straight. He's wearing blue jeans and a T-shirt with the word "love". I'm 15 years old now. I'm of medium height and I have short hair. My hair isn't black, it's brown. My dad thinks it's _ , but my friends think it's great. I wear glasses, but my glasses have square , red frames. They are so cool. I never wear blue jeans. I like big, baggy pants and long T-shirts. Most of my T-shirts have pictures of my favorite actors or singers on them.
The question is: What's on the father's T-shirt?
The possible answers are:
A:The word "love".
B:Heavy and black frames.
C:Picture of a singer.
D:An actor.Computers can help many workers. They can also help thieves.
There was one thief who worked in a bank of the United States. He paid for everything he needed by check  . Then he told the computer not to take any money from his account for the checks he wrote. The bank's computer did what he said. And it did not take any money from his bank account. One day the computer broke down. People had to do the computer's work. They soon found out what was happening.
Another thief, who worked for a bank saw people filling in deposit forms  . Many of these people did not know their account numbers, so they wrote only their names on the forms. They left empty places for their account numbers. The thief wrote his own account number in this place. When the computer read these forms it looked only at the account numbers. It did not look at the customers' names. It paid the money on these deposit forms into the thief's account .
Then there was the bank worker who told the bank computer to take ten cents off every customer's account each month and put it into his own account. For a long time the bank's customers did not notice that they were losing ten cents every month. But then someone did notice and told the bank. That was the end of that little game!
The question is: What can we infer from the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:None of the thieves has been caught by the police up to now.
B:A lot of money is missing from the bank of the United States each year.
C:The computers in the bank will be changed to prevent money from being stolen.
D:There will be no crimes in the bank any more since so many crimes have been found out.Once when I was a teenager, my father and I were standing in line to buy tickets for the circus . Finally, there was only one family between the ticket counter and us. This family made a big impression on me. There were eight children, all probably under the age of 12. You could tell they didn't have a lot of money. Their clothes were not expensive, but they were clean. They were excitedly talking about the clowns, elephants, and other acts they would see that night.
The father and mother were at the head of the pack, standing proud as they could be. When the ticket lady asked the father how many tickets he wanted, he proudly answered, "Please let me buy eight children's tickets and two adults tickets, so I can take my family to the circus."
The ticket lady told him the price. The man's wife lowered her head. The father`s lip began to quiver and he leaned a little closer and asked, "How much did you say?"  The ticket lady again quoted  the price. The man didn`t have enough money.
How was he supposed to turn and tell his eight kids that he didn`t have enough money to take them to the circus? Seeing what was going on, my dad put his hand in his pocket, pulled out a $20 bill and dropped it on the ground. My father reached down, picked up the bill, tapped the man on the shoulder and said ,"Excuse me, sir. This fell out of your pocket."
The man knew what was going on. He wasn`t begging for a handout but certainly appreciated  the help in a heartbreaking and embarrassing situation. He looked straight into my dad`s eyes, took my dad`s hand in both of his, holding the $20 bill, and with a tear running down his cheek, he replied, "Thank you, sir. This really means a lot to me and my family ."
My father and I went back to our car and drove home. _
The question is: The writer`s father didn`t give the money to the man directly, because  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:he didn`t want to let the man feel embarrassed
B:the money wasn`t his
C:he wanted to show what a kind man he was
D:he son would stop himSince last year, Where Are We Going, Dad? has become the most popular TV shows.On the show, the five fathers and their children traveled around China riding camels through the western deserts , fishing on the east coast, and selling vegetables for their bus fare   in southwestern Yunnan province.
One dad doesn't know how to do his daughter's hair, so some people try to help him.Another one must survive   with his son for three days in the desert because the father can't cook,they only eat instant noodles  .
Why is Where Are We Going, Dad? so popular? Because it is about how Chinese parents look after their kids. The show makes modern parents think about what they should do with their kids.In traditional  Chinese culture,the father is strict and the mother is kind.But on the show,  we see fathers who are much gentle on their kids and more involved   in their upbringing  ."said Li Minyi, a professor of early childhood education .
In the past, children were taught by their parents' wishes and look after _ in their old age.But today Chinese parents realize that respecting  their children's choices  may be a better way to prepare them for modem society.As they raise their children,parents are growing up at the same time.
The question is: According to the passage,what didn't the fathers and their children do on the show?
The possible answers are:
A:Rode camels.
B:Sold vegetables.
C:Climbed the mountains.
D:Fished on the east coast.The world itself is becoming much smaller by using modern traffic and modern communication means . Life today is much easier than it was hundreds of years ago, but it has brought new problems. One of the biggest is pollution. To pollute means to make things dirty. Pollution comes in many ways. We see it, smell it, drink it and even hear it.
Man has been polluting the earth. The more people, the more pollution. Many years ago, the problem was not so serious because there were not so many people. When the land was used up or the river was dirty in a place, men moved to another place. But this is no longer true. Man is now slowly polluting the whole world.
Air pollution is still the most serious. It's bad to all living things in the world, but it is not only one kind of pollution. Water pollution kills fish and pollutes drinking water. Noise pollution makes us become angry more easily.
Many countries are making rules to fight against pollution. They stop the people from burning coal in houses and factories in the city, and from blowing dirty smoke into the air.
The pollution of SO2 is now the most dangerous problem of air pollution. It is mostly caused by heavy traffic. It is certain that if there are fewer people driving, there will be less air pollution.
The earth is our home. We must take care of it. That means keeping the land, water and air clean. And we must try to control the growth of population at the same time.
The question is: Thousands of years ago, life was  it is today.
The possible answers are:
A:much easier than
B:as easy as
C:as hard as
D:much harder thanWe are learning English, but how can we learn English well ? A student can know a lot about English, but maybe he can't speak English.
If you want to know how to swim, you must get into the river. And if you want to be a football player, you must play football. So, you see, you can learn by using it. You must listen to your teacher in class. You must speak English to your classmates every day and also you must write something in English. Then one day you may find your English very good .
The question is: Which of the best title  for this passage ?
The possible answers are:
A:How to study swim
B:To be a good player
C:How to study English well
D:To learn English well is importantIn northern Scotland there is a deep lake called Loch Ness. It is more than 200 metres deep and it is the deepest lake in the United Kingdom. People say a huge monster   lives in the dark, cold water. It weighs more than 1,000 kilos and is at least ten metres long. It has a dark gray colour. Some people say that it looks like a snake. Many people travel to Loch Ness to look for this strange monster, but only a few people say that they saw it. No one knows whether   these people really saw it or not.
The Loch Ness Monster is a famous story. People first told it over 500 years ago, but it became popular only in the twentieth century  . In 1993, a couple reported that they saw a big monster in the middle of the lake. From then on, many people said that they saw a monster in Loch Ness. A few people took photos, but some of them weren't real photos. During the 1960s, people set up an organization to find out the truth. They took many photos and made movies, but they weren't able to find a monster.
There is no real evidence   that there is a monster in Loch Ness, but there is also no evidence that there is not. One thing is true about Loch Ness: there are lots of curious   people going there every year.
The question is: From the passage, we know Loch Ness is the name of   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:a huge monster
B:a lake
C:a river
D:a countryMozart was born on January 27, 1756 and died on December 5 , 1791. When he was three, he often had lessons with his elder sister. His father took him through many different countries, where he played music for lots of people.
But some people didn't believe a little boy could write such beautiful music. They asked him to stay in a room all by himself for a week and somebody watched the room all the time . In a week , he finished a new piece of music . After that, people believed that he could write beautiful music.
Mozart died when he was still a young man. During his short life he studied music and taught music and played music and wrote music. Even by working so hard, he couldn't make much money . Often he had to borrow money from his friends. But his music made him happy and for more than two hundred years his music has made other people happy, too.
The question is: When he was  _  , Mozart took music lessons with his sisters.
The possible answers are:
A:three
B:five
C:young
D:oldUncle Lee is coming to have dinner with us. Mom and I go shopping. We don't have any meat. We need to buy some. It's ten yuan a kilo before. But now two kilos are sixty yuan. I say, "Mom, let's buy some fish." Mom answers, "OK." Fish is Uncle Lee's favorite food. We buy one kilo and a half. We also buy some vegetables and some chicken, but we don't buy any hamburgers. Uncle Lee doesn't like them at all. Mom also wants to buy some apples for me. You know, I like bananas, oranges and peaches, but I like apples best. But we can't find any. We go home at a quarter to five in the afternoon.
The question is: How much is meat now?
The possible answers are:
A:Ten yuan a kilo.
B:Fifteen yuan a kilo.
C:Thirty yuan a kilo.
D:Forty yuan a kilo.My neighbor Mr. Black is seventy years old. He always complains about how fast things have changed, and he often says that life was better in the past than today. Now cities are full of cars. Some families even have two or more cars, so parking is becoming a big problem. The traffic in some cities is very bad. Some car drivers drive too fast, so there are more traffic accidents. Yesterday Mr. Black's old friend died because a car hit him. He is very sad now.
Most families own computers now. Now more and more children use the Internet now. The number of children using the Internet is becoming bigger and bigger. Mr. Black's grandson is a high school student. He often plays computer games on the Internet till midnight. He feels tired in the early hours of the morning and spends less time doing homework. His English teacher told Mr. Black that his grandson failed another test. Mr. Black got very angry with his grandson.
Families aren't what they used to be. A lot of families have broken up. If the husband and wife have problems with their marriage, they will _ . And mothers used to stay at home and take care of their children, but now parents are both busy working. No one has time to look after children at home.
And people talk less to each other than before. They are too busy to talk, too busy to eat, too busy to think. Mr. Black thinks that life was simple and happy, but now it has changed a lot.
The question is: What does Mr. Black think of the life now?
The possible answers are:
A:It's as good as it used to be.
B:It's worse than it used to be
C:It's better than it used to be.
D:It's the same as it used to be.Robert lives in a small town. Five years ago, when he was nineteen, he finished middle school. He didn't like any subjects except playing when he was at school. Of course he learned nothing and the bosses wouldn't use a man like him. He has to stay at home, but doesn't do any housework, only watches TV or lies on bed. It makes his parents angry. They want him to study something, he always think it difficult and doesn't listen to them.
One day Robert was walking near a bookshop while some young men were talking about the writers. He heard the publishing house pays the writers a lot. He became interested in it. As soon as he got home, he began to write. But he couldn't write anything. At last he bought a book and copied a story. Then he posted it to the publishing house. He waited for nearly half a year, but didn't get any answers. He had to ask an editor on the telephone, "Have you read my story yet, sir?"
"Yes," said the editor, "I had read it before you were born! "
The question is: The bosses wouldn't use Robert because   _   .
The possible answers are:
A:he couldn't do anything
B:he likes nothing except playing
C:he doesn't go to work on time
D:he isn't friendly to his workmatesTravelling around the world is a dream for many people, but a young couple from China has made his dream come true. They drove along the ancient Silk Road, from China to the UK.
Luo Chang and Ding Jie, a young couple from China's Guizhou Province, spent two months drving from their home in Shanghai all the way to London. The journey covered about 20,000 kilometer, and they crossed 14 countries and regions .
Ding Jie said, " People were excited to see two travelers driving a foreign license car, appearing on their streets. We were stopped many times to take photos with them. Sometimes, when we couldn't understand each other's language, they would express their ideas with gestures .
During their driving trip, they also spent many nights in local people's homes. Luo Chang said, "This is an amazing experience. We were driving on a highway or a country road to someone's home. Someone you've never met but was already preparing dinner for you. We feelwe have friends all over the world.
During the trip, Luo and Ding took nearly 10,000 photos and kept diaries to record the beautiful scenery , the friendly people and the different customs on the way.
,.
The question is: From the passage, we can learn that   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:the couple knew 14 languages
B:the couple spent all the nights in hotels
C:the couple was welcomed during the trip
D:the couple drove along the Silk Road, from China to BrazilThere is one word you must learn before you visit the USA. That is "Freeze". Remember it has a special meaning besides the usual one. It means "stand still and don't move". Often policemen use it when they are ready to use their guns. If one doesn't obey the order and moves, he or she will be shot to death.
One evening in Los Angeles, someone rang the bell of a house. It was a dangerous area at night, so the _ of the house took his gun with him when he answered the door. He opened the door and saw a strange man. But the man turned round and started walking away from the house. The owner cried: "Freeze", but the young man went on walking without obeying the owner's order. The owner thought he was trying to run away, so he shot at the young man and he was killed.
Later, police found that the dead man was a Japanese student who was studying in Los Angeles University. He went to visit a friend, but unluckily could not remember the number of the house. When he realized he went to the wrong house he turned round and left. He didn't know much English and so didn't understand the word "Freeze". What a lesson we should get for this!
The question is: Which of the following is NOT true according to the article?
The possible answers are:
A:Police say "Freeze" when they are going to use their guns.
B:The story happened in Los Angeles in the morning.
C:The dead man was a Japanese student.
D:The dead man couldn't understand the meaning of "Freeze".A few years ago, David had the idea of selling CDs over the Internet. He started his work from his home. Now he sells over 500,000 CDs a year and has made himself into a millionaire , at the age of 24.
"I could see that this was the future of shopping," says David. "Why should you pay $15 for a CD and spend the time and the money going into the shop? You know sometimes you have to find a place for your car too. You can have the same CD for half of the price by clicking on your computer. And we can find any CD you want and bring it to your door in 24 hours!"
David said this is the only beginning, "One day we'll do our shopping over the Internet: it's easier, quicker and cheaper. Shops and supermarkets will be the past."
The question is: If you pay $15 for a CD in the shop, how much should you pay for it on the Internet?
The possible answers are:
A:$15.
B:$12.
C:$7.5.
D:$30.The H1Nl virus has been spreading world-wide,it is important for us to know how to control it.Please pay attention to the following points:
1.Don't touch your face.Above all,keep your hands away from your eyes,mouth and nose,all of which serve pathways  for the viruses  to enter your body.
2.Wash your hands.If you have to touch your face,wash your hands,getting under the fingernails for 20 to 30 seconds with hot soap and water before.Soaps with surfactants  can deal with flu viruses.
3.Cover your nose and mouth.When someone sneezes or coughs,liquid  drops with flu viruses as far as three feet through the air and land on your nose and mouth,so it's best to keep at least an arm's length distance when talking to someone who shows signs of infection .In order to protect others,cover your mouth and nose with a tissue  when you cough or sneeze,and clean your hands afterward.Viruses can live for hours,or even longer when on the skin or other surfaces such as keyboards.
4.Consider buying a mask in case you need it in the future.Some research suggests that masks reduce the risk of getting the flu viruses by as much as 80%.But it also suggests that if you don't wash hands,the mask doesn't work well.So wash your hands and use the mask,especially wearing face masks in crowded places is also useful.
,.
The question is: How does the viruses enter your body easily?
The possible answers are:
A:Get though your mouth.
B:Get though your nose.
C:Get though your eyes.
D:All of the above.Americans with small families own a car. If both parents are working , they usually have two cars. When the family is larger, they will sell one of the cars and buy a van .
A small car can hold four persons and a large car can hold six persons but it is very crowded. A van can hold seven persons easily, so a family with three children can ask their grandparents to go on a holiday travel. They can all travel together.
Mr. Hagen and his wife had a third child last year. So they sold their second car and bought a van. They thought it would be more convenient for them to go out together.
Americans call vans motor homes. They always use them for holidays. When a family is traveling to the mountains or to the seaside, they can live in their motor home for a few days or weeks. All the members of a big family can enjoy a happier life when they are traveling together. That is why motor homes have become very popular.
The question is: Americans usually use motor homes to  _
The possible answers are:
A:Travel with all the family members for holidays
B:Do some shopping with all the family members
C:Visit their grandparents at weekends
D:Drive their children to school every dayJack Green is 75 years old. He is not in good condition. "I think I'm ill," he tells his wife, "I feel awful. I've got a headache and I don't feel like eating."
"You've put on a lot of weight recently. You should see the doctor," his wife says, "ask him how to lose weight. It's not good for your health."
"OK," says Jack. He goes to see a doctor.
The doctor checks his heart and weighs him. Then he says, "You are too heavy. You need to do some excercise to lose about 30 kilograms. Run two miles a day for the next 100 days. Then call and tell me your weight."
A week later, the doctor receives a call from Jack. "Doctor, I ran two miles every day and I feel much better. But I have a new problem."
"What's that?" asks the doctor.
"I'm 14 miles away from home, and I can't find my way back."
Choose the right answer according to the passage.
The question is: What's Jack's new problem?
The possible answers are:
A:He forgets how many miles to run.
B:He can't find his way back home.
C:He runs for such a long time.
D:He loses a lot of weight.Characters: Evan, Mrs. Bordoni, Mr. Cortez, Rita. Marco. Tom
Setting: An elementary school
Mrs. Bordoni: (Stands at the school gate) Good morning! You need to go straight to your classrooms, children. (A shy boy walks up, with a red face.) What is your name?
Evan: (Looking at the ground) My name is Evan.
Mrs. Bordoni: Welcome to Northside. I'm the principal , Mrs. Bordoni.
Evan: (Looks surprised) Oh! Good morning.
Mrs. Bordoni: I know you are new to our school, but you will like it here. I will take you to your classroom.
Evan: I didn't want to move... and leave my friends.
Mrs. Bordoni: You will have friends here. You'll see.
Mrs. Bordoni: Here's your room, 106.
Mr. Cortez: Welcome to our class! I'm Mr. Cortez.
Evan: (The class looks at him. He speaks softly.) Hello.
Mr. Cortez: We are talking about a story we just read. Who can tell Evan what it was about?
Rita: This family moves to a new state. Their story is both funny and sad.
Evan: (Cheering up) Did they like the new place?
Marco: Not at first. But they made lots of new friends.
Mr. Cortez: What happened to make them change their minds?
Tom: The girl from next door said she needed help. When they got to her house, a sign said, "Welcome".
Marco: It was a surprise party for them. The whole family was laughing.
Mr. Cortez: The neighbors made the family feel welcome.
Mrs. Bordoni: (Stands in the doorway) Evan, it's time for lunch. (They enter the lunchroom. A sign says, "Welcome Evan".) It is hard to change schools and leave old friends. Now, we are your friends.
Evan: (Smiles) I can't believe you did this for me.
The question is: The words in brackets, such as "(Stands at the school gate)" tell   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:what the play is about
B:what the writer acts in the play
C:what the characters are saying to each other
D:what the characters are doing and how they are actingAll residents: Rules for living in Parkrise Flats
We all want to live comfortably and safely here, so here are a few simple rules which we think all residents should follow.
Rubbish
Rubbish collection is on Tuesdays. Please do not leave rubbish bags out before Tuesday as birds and animals can break into them and they smell.
Washing
There is a washing line for every flat in the garden next to the car park. Please only dry your washing on these lines so it does not disturb people in the ground floor flats.
Cleaning
The main stairs are cleaned twice a week by the Association, so please try to keep them tidy and clean and do not leave furniture or bags on the stairs or in the hallways.
Lights
The main lights are on a timer and they stay on for five minutes whey you press them. Please tell the Association if any lights are not working.
Noise
Residents are asked to keep noise to a minimum. Loud music, etc. can disturb other people and the Association will get in touch with you if you make too much noise.
Safety
Make sure the main outside door is always locked and do not let anyone in to the main building unless you know who they are. Sometimes people try to get in to the main stairs and then break into flats, so do not let people in unless they are coming to see you.
Parking
Each flat has one car parking space. These are numbered and are at the back of the building. Do not use another resident's space. If you have more than one car you will have to park it on the road. Do not park where you are blocking entrances.
Problems
If you have any problems or questions, please call the Association at 0800 096 9000.
Parkrise Housing Association
The question is: The Association will talk with you if   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:lights are not working
B:you make too much noise
C:you let strange people in
D:you park your car on the roadPablo Picasso was born in Spain in 1881.His father was a painter and art teacher who gave his son the first lesson in drawing.He won a prize--"Science and Charity" for his first important painting when he was only fifteen.He studied in several cities in Spain.But there was no one to teach him all that he wanted to know.When he was nineteen,he visited Paris.
Paris was then the center of the world for artists.Everything that was new and exciting in the world of paintings seemed to happen there.When he was twenty-three,Picasso moved there to live and lived in France for the rest of his life.
When he was over ninety,this great painter still lived his life like a young man.He was still looking for new ideas and new ways to use his artistic materials.
When he died in 1973,he was ninety-one years old.
,.
The question is: How old was he when he moved to Paris and how old was he when he died?
The possible answers are:
A:Twenty-three and ninety.
B:Twenty-three and ninety-one.
C:Nineteen and ninety-one.
D:Nineteen and ninety.Dear Emma,
Thanks for the photo of your family. Here is a photo of my bedroom.
Look at the photo. A bed, a desk, a chair, a bookcase and a computer are in my bedroom. My bed is near the window . The desk is beside  the bed and it's orange. The chair is near the desk. The bookcase is behind  the desk and it's black. An English dictionary and a Chinese dictionary are in the bookcase. My math, English and Chinese books and the computer are on the desk. My pencil box is on the desk, too. My pens and rulers are in the pencil box. My schoolbag is on the chair. My brother's white baseball and my sister's computer game are under my bed, but you can't see the baseball in the photo.
Yours,
Jack
The question is: The bookcase in the photo is   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:black
B:white
C:orange
D:blueHalloween is a festival on October 31. The name of the holiday means "hallowed" because it happens the day before All Saints Day.
Before the festival, people paint homes, shops and classrooms in the traditional Halloween colours, orange and black. Some people make costumes and masks at home. Some people buy them in shops. People also make decorations  for the festival. These decorations look like witches, black cats, ghosts, skeletons and jack-o-lanterns. Jack-o-lanterns are pumpkins that are cut to look like faces.
People think that Halloween is the children's New Year's Eve. They dress up in special costumes and masks. They eat too much, and go to bed too late celebrating. They go from one door to another saying "trick or treat". People give them candies, cookies, fruit or money.
Adults and older children also celebrate Halloween with parades , festivals and costumes parties. One kind of the parties welcomed by children is dunking for apples. Apples are put in tubs  full of water. People try to get the apples using only their months; they cannot use their hands.
The question is: Why do the people think that Halloween is the children's New Year's Eve?
The possible answers are:
A:Because Halloween comes the day before All Saints Day.
B:Because only on that day children can go to others' homes.
C:Because children can get money from their parents at Halloween.
D:Because children dress up in special costumes, eat a lot and go to bed too late celebrating.Winter Sale!
Winter is coming. So we are having a big and end-of-autumn sale. Look at the prices!
A blouse :$5     A coat:$20      A silk skirt: $28
A pair of trainers :$30            A pair of jeans:$30
Will you come to Reborn Fashion Shop on the 2nd floor of New Century Shopping Mall from Friday to Sunday?
Cash Back!
Spend twenty dollars in our shop, we will give you five dollars back. Spend 40 dollars, and you will get 10 dollars back.
Remember: only at weekends
You are welcome to Happy Times Doll Shop on the first floor of New Century Shopping
Mall.
Closing Down Sale!
Come to our shop next Monday. There is a discount on every kind of chocolate. And we will give you a big box of sweets for free  if you spend more than 20 dollars in our shop. So come to Sweetheart Chocolate Shop on the first floor of New Century Shopping Mall.
The question is: What is the price of a silk skirt in Reborn Fashion Shop?
The possible answers are:
A:$5.
B:$20.
C:$28.
D:$30.In the world, soccer (or football) is the most popular sport. This is because many countries have wonderful teams for the World Cup. The World Cup is held every four years.
To remember the 2002 FIFA World Cup, children from different countries and more than 60 children from different Japanese schools came together and spent three weeks drawing a big picture called"Dream   World Cup"in Japan. The children drew animals, flowers and people playing soccer under bright blue sky. They wished each football team good luck by drawing the flags   of all countries that would take part in the World Cup in Japan and South Korea. The picture was put up in a park near a playground in Yokohama.
Are you a football fan? The World Cup makes more and more people interested in football. Teenagers like playing and watching football. Many of them love some football stars so much that they get pictures of their favorite players such as, Figo, Oven and Pauleta. And they put the pictures up on the walls of their rooms. That is the way to show their love for the World Cup.
,.
The question is: The next World Cup will be held in   _  , after 2006.
The possible answers are:
A:2007
B:2008
C:2009
D:2010There is a lion in a forest. Every day he goes about to look for food. The small animals in the forest are all afraid of him. Not far from the forest there are four bulls(   ). They are good friends, and often go about together. The lion tries many times to catch them, but can't do so. Every time he comes near, the four bulls stand together to fight him. So he can do nothing to him.
One day the bulls have a quarrel(   ). After that each of them goes his own way. When the lion sees this, he is happy. He catches one bull and eats him up. Then he catches another. One by one he catches all the four bulls and eats them up.
The question is: Why can't the lion want catch the bulls at first?
The possible answers are:
A:Because the bulls are too big.
B:Because the bulls are good friends.
C:Because the bulls stand together to find him.
D:Because he is not strong enough to fight bulls.Friends are important to the children. Research shows that children who have no friends can suffer from difficulties later in life. Friendship provides children with more than just fun. In making friends, children learn how to get in touch with the others and solve problems. Having friends even does good to children's study for they can help each other during the class.
If the parents care about their children whether they made many friends,what matters is that the child is comfortable and happy with his friends. Parents need to understand the steps children take in building friendships. First of all, be a friend to your child. Good friendships start at home. Children begin to develop the necessary ability to go out and meet others through getting with their parents. Greet the child warmly and let him know you are glad to see him. Children learn a lot from how their parents stay with them and other people.
Teach children how to solve conflicts . Being able to work out conflicts is an important skill in getting along with others. If parents know the children have a conflict, let them work it out on their own. Only step in if it is really necessary, for example, an argument is getting physical.
Give children chances to practice staying together. Have children play games that require team work and group problem solving skills. For example, races are fun and provide plenty of practice in teamwork. "In what ways didn't you work well together? What might you do differently next time?" For these ideas, see books such as Games Book by Terry Orlick, Energizers by Carol Apacki, and Team-Building Activities for Every Group by Alanna Jones.
Encourage children to show thanks to the others. The parents can encourage children to do this by setting the example for them.
The question is: Friendship can be helpful to the children EXCEPT  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:providing a lot of fun
B:getting in touch with others
C:solving the problems
D:helping to trick in the examsTwo strangers were sitting together in a plane . They were on a long journey . One of the men was a teacher . The other was a farmer .
They sat without talking for a while , then the farmer said , " Let's do something to pass the time ."
" What do you want to do ?" the teacher asked .
" We can ask each other riddles ( )," the farmer said, " You start."
" Let's make the rules first ," the teacher said . " And to make the game more interesting , let's play it for money . If we don't know the answer to the riddle , we have to pay a dollar ."
The farmer thought about this for a while , then he said , " That's not fair( . You are a teacher , an educated ( ) man . You know more things than I do . I am just a farmer ."
" That's true ," the teacher said , " What do you think we should do ?"
The farmer said , " If you don't know the answer to a riddle ,you pay me 100 dollars .If I don't know the answer to the riddle , I'll pay you 50 dollars."
The teacher thought for a while , then he said , " OK. That's fair . Who'll go first ?"
"I will ," the farmer said . " Here's my riddle . What has three legs when it walks , but only two legs when it flies ?"
The teacher thought and thought , " What has three legs when it walks, but only two when it flies ?" Then he said , " That's a good one . I don't know the answer ." He gave the farmer 100 dollars and said , " Tell me the answer . What is it ?"
" I don't know , either ." The farmer said , and gave him 50 dollars .
The question is: The best title of this story is   _   .
The possible answers are:
A:How to Answer Riddles .
B:A Rich Teacher.
C:A Way of Getting Money.
D:A Clever Farmer.We usually believe what our brain tells us, but there are some amazing facts which show that the brain tricks us. As a result, we think we can see something that is not actually there or we ignore things that actually are there.
Scientists Daniel Simons and Christopher Chabris have researched this phenomenon , which they call "change blindness". Their experiments show how we sometimes just do not see what is in front of our eyes because _ .
Here is one of their most famous experiments. In this experiment, the participants were shown a video of two groups of people (one group in white T-shirts and one group in black T-shirts) who passed basketballs around in a hallway. Each group had three members. Simons and Chabris asked the participants to count how many times the white team passed the ball. While the two teams were passing their balls around, a person dressed up as a big bear walked through the group and stopped to look at the camera. Simons and Chabris found that about half of the research participants did not notice the big bear.
The question is: What do Daniel Simons and Christopher Chabris do?
The possible answers are:
A:Scientists.
B:Astronauts.
C:Engineers.
D:Directors.Bicycles, a long-forgotten vehicle that seems to belong to the last century, are returning to the streets of Guangzhou, as the city starts to ban the running of motorcycle in urban Guangzhou.
"Business has never been so good for my shop," said Chen Yongwu, a bicycle shop owner at the city's Donghua West Road, "I have to work 12 hours a day to meet the demand of my customers. "
"Even my wife and brother-in-law have to give me a hand lately. "
Chen originally ran a motorcycle repair shop.  He grasped the opportunity of the motorcycle ban, and started his bicycle business soon after hearing about the banning.
"I sold 23 bicycles on January 2 alone. " Said Chen.
Bicycle is more convenient and healthier
"My home is one kilometer from the metro station," said a middle-aged man who is waiting for his bicycle at Chen's shop, "it is too tiresome to walk to the station, but taking a bus for such a short distance is a waste of money. "
"So I decided to buy a bicycle. "
The bicycle costs around 600 yuan, which is equal to the bus fare of half a year.
"Besides, riding a bicycle to work is much healthier than riding a bus. "
The bicycle buyers can be categorized into two groups.  One group of buyers buy the bicycles for the transportation of small commodities; the other ride the bicycles to work.
Arising problems
Riding a bicycle to work may be healthy, but it is not without problems.
The lack of bicycle lanes has posed a big threat to the safety of the bicycle riders in Guangzhou.
"I was riding my bicycle on Huifu West Road on day," said Mr.  Zhang, "then suddenly the bus pulled over besides me near the bus station. "
"I was so frightened at the time, because the bus nearly hit me. "
The sideways in Guangzhou are usually crowded with foot passengers, so citizens also could not use the sideways.
"It is worse than walking. "
Besides, finding a place a park the bicycles could be very difficult, much more difficult then finding a place to park your car.
The question is: What is the min topic of the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:Motorcycle ban.
B:Bicycles'returming
C:Convenience of riding a bicycle
D:Problems brought by bicyclesIt was a beautiful spring morning. There wasn't a cloud in the sky, and the sun was warm but not too hot. Mr. White saw an old man at the bus stop with a big and black umbrella in his hand.
Mr. White said to him, "Do you think it's going to rain today?"
"No," said the old man, "I don't think so."
"Then are you carrying the umbrella because the sun is too hot?"
"No, the sun is not very hot in spring."
Mr. White looked at the big umbrella again, and the man said, "I am old man, and my legs are not very strong. I must have a walking-stick. But people will say, 'Look, the man is so old, and I don't like that.' When I carry an umbrella in fine weather, people only say, 'look at that stupid man.'"
The question is: It was a very  _  day.
The possible answers are:
A:hot
B:bad
C:fine
D:cloudyMaking sense of how the US shows humor
Living in a new country gives me many surprises. The first surprise was the way that the US people speak
One day I saw someone was having a public speech in a square. I thought it would be a serious speech. But I soon found it became a kind of entertainment show.
The speaker told the audience to protect the environment with humorous words. Later he said some people's behavior didn't go with their words. He took the example of Taylor Swift's song We Are Never Ever Getting Back Together.[
He said that since Swift doesn't want to be with the boy any more, she doesn't need to speak it aloud, she doesn't need to sing unless she still keeps in touch with that guy. It sounds like she is a _ .
Then he sang the song in a funny way. The audience laughed out loudly. I felt a little angry because Swift is my favourite star. I couldn't understand why they laughed at Swift.
As time goes on, I find many US people make fun of others. But they don't mean to hurt them. They do that to show closeness and humour. And people who are laughed at seldom get angry. Now I understand the speaker at the square. Now I've got used to the way the US people speak.
It's easy to find culture shock when you're in a new place. But everyone should learn to understand different cultures and customs.
The question is: What does the article mainly talk about?
The possible answers are:
A:Differences between the Chinese and the US people.
B:In what way the US people speak in public.
C:How to get used to life in the US.
D:A Chinese girl's culture shock experience in the US.Everyone likes living in a clean and comfortable environment.If the environment is bad, it will affect our bodies, and make us not feel well.Sometimes we may be terribly ill.At that time we don't want to work, and we have to stay in bed and rest at home.So the environment is very important to us.
It's germ that makes us ill.There are germs everywhere, They are very small and you can't find them with your own eyes, but you can see them with a microscope .They are very small and there may be hundreds of them on a very small thing, Germs can always be found in the dirty water.When we look at dirty water under the microscope, we shall see them in it.Germs can also be found in air and dust.If you cut your finger, some of the dust from the floor may go into it, and you will have much pain in it.Sometimes the germs will go into all of your body, and you will have pain everywhere.
To keep us healthy, we should try to our best to make our environment become cleaner and tidier.This needs us to act together.
The question is: The writer tell us that  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:germs can't live in the water.
B:we should rest at home if the environment is bad
C:we feel well when the environment is good.
D:germs like comfortable environmentOne day a man found a cocoon  of a butterfly in the forest.He sat there for several hours and watched the butterfly.Suddenly, a small opening appeared and the butterfly made its great effort  to force its body through that little hole.Then it seemed to stop making any progress.It appeared as if it had gotten as far as it could and it could go no further.(, ).
So the man decided to help the butterfly.He cut off the remaining bit of the cocoon so that the butterfly would come out easily.But to his surprise, the butterfly got a heavy body and very small wings when it came out of the cocoon.
The man continued to watch the butterfly because he expected that the body would grow smaller at any moment and the wings would become larger and be able to fly.But neither happened! In fact, the butterfly spent the rest of its life crawling  around with a heavy body and small wings.It was never able to fly.
The man was in his kindness, but he didn't understand the nature rules.Before the butterfly came out of the cocoon, fluid  from its body must be forced into its wings, and then would be ready for flying.It must have a hard struggle  to get through the small opening to get its freedom from the cocoon.
Sometimes struggles are exactly what we need in our life.If God allowed us to go through our life without any difficulties, it would make us fail.We would not be as strong as we could have been, we could never fly.
The question is: What was the butterfly doing at the beginning of the story?
The possible answers are:
A:It was trying to make a cocoon for it self.
B:It was crawling around quietly on the ground.
C:It was flying among the trees in the forest.
D:It was struggling to get out of its cocoon.Hi! I'm a Chinese girl. My name is Liu Wei. My English name is Sally. I'm twelve. I'm in Class 8, Grade 1. My English teacher is Mr. Lee. He is from New York. He is a good teacher. I don't know how old he is. My good friend is Jane. She is from Canada. She is in Class 8, Grade 1, too. She is eleven. Who's Linda? She is Jane's sister. Her name is Linda. She is six.
The question is: Mr. Lee is an   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:Chinese teacher
B:English student
C:Linda's teacher
D:English teacherLook at these things. This is Mr. Wang's ID card. And this is Jim's watch, that's Mary's key. Gina's notebook is over there. Look! What's that on the floor? Oh, it's gold ring. It's Jenny's ring. It's very nice.
.
The question is: This is Mr. Wang's   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:notebook
B:key
C:ID card
D:watchIf you go to Beijing and Shanghai, you can see the same and the different _ between them. In some ways they look the same, in some ways they look different. Both of them have tall buildings and wide streets, although some buildings in Shanghai are taller than in Beijing. They are both important in China. Beijing is the capital of China, there are more places of interest there, but Shanghai is the biggest city in China. Now they are becoming more and more important in China.
The question is: Beijing has more   _   than Shanghai.
The possible answers are:
A:places of interest
B:buildings
C:wide streets
D:people"You are welcome to have dinner with me on Sunday," said John.
"But I don't know where your house is," said Henry.
"It's easy. You get off the bus. Then cross the road, and take the first turning on the left. Walk for five minutes. Then you will see a big tree. Take the second on the right after the tree. Walk about a hundred metres down this road. There is a big red house. Go past the big house about five hundred metres, and you will see a small yellow house beside a little tree. Open the door with your foot. "
"With my foot?" said Henry, "Why?" "Well, you won't come to my house empty-handed will you? " said John.
The question is: How far is it from the big red house to small yellow house? It's  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:five minutes' walk
B:a hundred minutes' ride
C:about five hundred metres
D:about six hundred metresA Policeman and a Thief
One day a policeman was taking a thief to the city . On the way , they saw a shop . The thief said . " Let me go into the shop to buy some bread . We can eat it in the train . "
The policeman agreed . The thief went into the shop and ran out of the back door . When the policeman knew that , he began to look for the thief everywhere . At last the policeman caught  thief again . They went on to the city . On the way they came to the same shop . The thief wanted to buy some bread again . "Oh , no . " said the policeman , "You did that before , and you ran away . This time I'll go into the shop and buy bread . You must wait here for me . "
The question is: When the thief went into the shop , he ran out of  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:the back door .
B:the back window .
C:the front door .
D:the front window .Some people say that today, reading is not as important as it was. These days we have photographs, films, radio and television. Why read a description of something when you can look at a photograph? Why read a newspaper when the latest news is brought to us every hour on radio and TV?
Photography was certainly a wonderful invention. Photographs can give a very clear idea of places and of people that we have never seen. An encyclopedia   , for example, is always better when it has good illustrations. But we also need words to explain the photographs and drawings. A photograph of an elephant may give us a very good idea of what an elephant looks like, but it tells us nothing about the different sorts of elephants there are and where they are found, their exact size and weight, how they can be useful to man and so on.
In the same way, a good film has action, movement, color, and maybe music. These are things we do not find on the printed page. But reading a novel has certain advantages over watching even an excellent feature film. Reading a novel requires imagination. Each of us imagines a story differently.
Watching news on television can certainly be exciting. But we need newspapers as well. Some important news stories happen when there are no cameras around. More importantly, a newspaper does not just report the news. It explains why something has been happening. It also contains interesting articles on different subjects. Newspapers are an important part of our lives, if we want to understand what is going on in the places we live as well as in other parts of the world.
Reading is very important for information and pleasure. We need to be good readers to enjoy a full life as human beings. Reading is a skill and like other skills, it needs practice. The more we read, the better readers we become. And the better readers we become, the more we enjoy reading! The secret is to get the reading habit. Read at least a little every day.
The question is: What does the author think about reading?
The possible answers are:
A:It is a wonderful invention.
B:It is an important part of our lives.
C:It requires no practices.
D:It is not as important as television.It was Sunday yesterday. Tom and his mother were at home. Tom woke up late and sat on the bed watching TV. And he ate much chocolate. Then it was noon. Tom had to get up. Mother and Tom sat at the table. They were having their lunch. "The soup is not good. I don't want to have it," said Tom and put down his spoon  . Mother said nothing and took it away. After lunch, Mother and Tom worked in the garden There was much work to do, so Tom was tired and felt  hungry soon. His mother gave him nothing to eat.
In the evening, mother gave a bowl of soup to Tom "Oh, how delicious  !" said  Tom. "it's the same soup, Tom," said Mother with a smile.
The question is: Tom may get up at  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:7:00 a. m
B:9:00 a. m
C:12:00 o'clock
D:3:00 p. mOnce  there lived a lion in the big mountain.He was very big and strong.He often ate the other animals.Every day he went out to look for food.The small animals in the mountain were all afraid of him.Near the mountain there were four bulls .They are friends, and they often worked and played together.The tiger tried  many times to catch them, but he could not do so.Every time he came near, the four bulls stood together to fight  him.So he could do nothing to them.
One day, the four bulls had a quarrel .After that each of them went his own way.When the lion saw this,  he was happy.He caught one bull and ate him up .Then he caught another.One by one  he caught all the four bulls and ate them up.
The question is: The lion   _  at last  .
The possible answers are:
A:ate up all the four bulls
B:ate nothing
C:made friends with bulls
D:couldn't find the bulls\Wang Tao is a little boy. He often goes for a walk with his father. He likes water very much and he wants to swim like a fish in the water.
One Sunday morning, Wang Tao went to a park with his father. There is a big swimming pool in the park. Wang Tao asked his father to take him to the pool. "Why do you want to go there?" asked his father. "I want to learn swimming," said Wang Tao. "And you can teach me."
"Oh, sorry. I can't swim," said his father.
"You can't swim? Li Qiang's father swims very well. Why can't you swim?"
"His father likes eating fish, so he can swim like a fish," said the father. "Oh, I see," said Wang Tao. "But you like eating chicken very much. Can you lay eggs  ?"
.
The question is: Wang Tao and his father often   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:go for a walk
B:go to swim
C:go to eat fish
D:visit their friendsHave you ever heard of a mobile phone company called Nokia?And do you know that there's a mobile phone throwing competition in Finland every year?
In order to recycle old mobile phones,the town of Savonlinna in southeast Finland holds a Mobile Phone Throwing Competition every year.And people can have a little fun from the games.
While _ cannot throw their own phones,the competition organizers provide hundreds of mobiles to choose from. Then people throw as far as possible from the throwing area.Last year's winner Ere Karjalainen set a world record with his 101.46m throw.As a prize,he got a chance of drinking and practiced again as hispreferred training methods.
Those without a strong throwing arm can enter the freestyle competition.During the competition,the style of the throw are judged   rather than the distance.
A three person jury   gives scores from one to six,and the thrower with the highest number of points wins.This Year's competition will be held on August 24.Sign ups(  ) are still being accepted for five dollars per person or twodollars for children 12and under.Once all the day's phones have been thrown,they are taken to a recycling center.
The question is: Finland holds the mobile phone throwing competition mainly in order to  _
The possible answers are:
A:recycle old Nokia mobile phones
B:raise money for the poor
C:have fun and enjoy the competition
D:take exercise and keep healthyMrs.Green was eighty,but she had a small car,and she always drove to the shops on Saturday and bought her food.She didn't drive fast because she was old,but she drove well and never hit anything.
Sometimes her grandchildren said to her,"Please don't drive your car,grandmother.We can take you to the shops."
But she always said,"No,I like driving.I've been driving it for fifty years,and I'm not going to stop driving."
Last Saturday she stopped her car at some traffic lights because they were red and then it did not start again.The lights were green,then yellow,then red,then green again,but her car didn't start.
"What am I going to do now? "she said.
At this time a policeman came and said to her kindly,"Good morning.Don't you like any of our colours today? "
The question is: It was  _  years since she drove her small car.
The possible answers are:
A:80
B:30
C:50
D:10How much pocket money do you get from your parents every month--200 yuan? Some may need more to buy birthday presents, fast food lunches, ice cream or cartoon   books.
But for Zhou Li, 30 yuan a month is enough. The only thing she buys is lunch--1.5 yuan each day. "My favorite is fried potato slices and rice," said Zhou, "meat is too expensive for me."
Zhou, 14, is a Junior 1 student at Hongzhi Experimental School in Beijing. Her parents are migrant workers  . They came to Beijing from a village in Luohe of Henan two years ago. Her father now works as a cleaner and earns 500   yuan every month. Her mother has no job.
Every day, Zhou gets up at 5: 30 a.m. and rides 20 minutes to school. She studies hard, and even reads books during breaktime. Her favorite subject is computer."I'm learning typing now. I hope to be the fastest in my class."said Zhou. Like many teens, Zhou has a lot of homework. It usually takes her at least one hour to do it every day. But that is not all her work. She helps her mom cook. On weekends, she helps wash clothes."I could cook when I was eight. Father said sometimes I cooked better than mom!"
Zhou said she wanted to be a doctor when she grew up."I watched TV and found that there were many people with AIDS in Henan. Some are kids. They need help."said Zhou. But she is afraid of having to leave school."I hope I will always be in school," said Zhou. "Dad works hard to make money. I promise him I will study hard to be a good student at present and a good doctor in the future."
The question is: Zhou Li spends   _   on her homework every day.
The possible answers are:
A:20 minutes
B:at least one hour
C:half an hour
D:two hoursOn March 3, 1887, the lives of two amazing women were changed forever when Anne Sullivan, a poor university graduate, arrived at the home of the wealthy Keller family to teach their six-year-old daughter Helen. It was a difficult job as Helen was unable to see, hear or speak because of illness.
Anne had been suggested to the Kellers by her university professor, a close friend of Mr. Keller. Before she arrived, Anne expected her new pupil to be a quiet, weak child. But Helen was nothing like that. When Anne first walked through the Kellers' door, the energetic Helen nearly knocked her over in her hurry to feel Anne's face, clothing and bag.
Helen was used to visitors bringing her sweets, and angrily tried to force open Anne's case to take her candy. But Anne calmed her down by allowing Helen to play with her watch. So began one of the most successful student-teacher relationships in history.
Anne Sullivan was only twenty years old when she began teaching Helen. She had to not only teach the child all the usual school subjects, but also control Helen's sometimes wild behaviour. Her well-meaning parents allowed Helen to do as she liked at home. Realizing that such an environment was unsuitable for learning, Anne requested that she and Helen live in a small house nearby.
As soon as Helen began learning, it became clear that she was especially intelligent. She quickly learned to read and write, and by the age of ten she could also speak.
In 1900, Helen started studying at Radcliffe University, and graduated first in her class in 1904. She was the very first blind and deaf person to get a university degree. How did she do it? Anne Sullivan read all of Helen's books and then signed the information into her hand. Anne remained at Helen's side until her death in 1936. Helen became a world-famous writer, and fought for disabled people's rights until her death on Jun 1, 1968.
The question is: According to the passage, both Anne and Helen  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:died in their 60s
B:were well educated
C:came from rich families
D:fought for human rightsWhen the bell rings, every student takes out an iPad. The light from the screens makes their young faces pretty and lively. That's what happens every day at my school in the US. We use iPads in class.
I felt surprised and excited when I got an iPad the first day I arrived at the school. But it was not free. I spent about $100 to rent   it for three years.
Every iPad at my school has a special learning system   called _ . Teachers put their teaching materials like textbooks and PPTs on it. When we have classes, we enter the system and download   the materials with our iPads.
It makes the classes interesting and efficient  . For example, a few weeks ago, we learned about London in the UK. Our teacher prepared a video in which we saw many places of interest in London. We could not only watch the video, but also see the words at the same time. Because of the video, I know more about the city.
We also do our homework with iPads. We can know how well we do our homework right after we submit   our homework.
However, there are still some bad points about learning with iPads. Some of my classmates play games or surf the Internet in class.
I believe the key to use iPads well is to have good self-control  , isn't it?
The question is: What does the writer think of using iPads in school?
The possible answers are:
A:Students should use iPads as often as possible.
B:To use iPads in school is very bad for students' eyes.
C:Students should have good self-control when using iPads.
D:All students should use iPads to surf the Internet in classDaniel Olin was 11 years old when his parents moved to Canada. He liked his new school and made friends there, but then things at home started to change. His mum and dad began to argue and the arguments got worse and worse until one day, Daniel's mum left. With his father working long hours, Daniel felt very lonely and very unhappy. He wanted to escape, to run away. And that's what he did.
Very early one terribly cold morning when the snow was deep on the ground, he packed a bag with some clothes, some chocolate and a map of Canada and set off to a forest. He ran and ran until he could hardly breathe. His feet were heavy with the snow but he still walked on through deep snow, not even watching where he was going.
Then, disaster struck. A rock hidden by the deep snow caught his feet and Daniel fell to the ground. He had broken the bone. He was very cold and was starting to feel tired, but he knew that if he fell asleep in the snow, he would certainly die from the cold.
A tree shook ahead. From within the branches , a pair of yellow eyes watched Daniel. The puma had been following him. A puma is a large wild cat with claws that could tear  Daniel into pieces. But instead of moving in for the kill, the puma walked up to Daniel and lay across his chest, arms and legs. Daniel was too frightened to move, but soon the warmth of the animal reached Daniel and he began to feel better. From time to time, the puma pressed his muzzle   against Daniel and rocked his head gently. Clearly, the puma knew that Daniel must not fall asleep. This animal should have been a real danger to Daniel and yet the boy began to feel safe.
They remained like that for several hours until Daniel and the puma heard voices. The rescue   team had found them.
The question is: What is the best title for the story?
The possible answers are:
A:Puma in danger
B:A caring puma
C:Rescue of a boy
D:A homeless boyIf you are visiting England, you will notice that English have many customs and traditions that are different from those in China.
This guide provides help for anyone visiting England for the first time.
Standing in the queue
English people like to form queue.They think it is the fair way to behave.People wait in a queue in shops and at bus stops.People will think you are very rude if you don't join the queue.
Please, Thank You, Excuse Me and Sorry
It is good manners to say "please" and "thank you".If someone is in your way and you would like them to move, say "excuse me" and they will move.If you bump into someone or you are in their way say "sorry".They will probably say "sorry", too, even if it was your mistake.Saying "sorry" does not always mean you think you were wrong.Someone it is just a polite thing to say.
Meeting a new person
When people meet for the first time, the usual custom is to shake hands.The next time you meet that person, you can just say hello.English people don't usually hug or kiss unless they know each other really well.
Talking to people
English people find it difficult to start conversations with strangers.They like to be private so if they are on buses or trains, they usually sit as far away from other people as possible.If you want to start a conversation, the topic that English people are always happy to talk about is the weather.So you need to be able to say "Isn't it warm (sunny/windy/wet/foggy) today?" or "Do you think it's going to rain/clear up?" This is much better than asking about politics, religion or how much people earn!
The question is: How can people start conversations with strangers?
The possible answers are:
A:They can talk about politics and religion.
B:They can talk about the weather.
C:They can talk about "Please, Thank You, Excuse Me and Sorry"
D:They can talk about everything.A long time ago, there was a man. He wanted to buy a pair of new shoes. He measured  his feet with a straw ,and then went to a shoe shop in town.
The shopkeeper took out a pair of new shoes, and let him try it on. But when he looked into his pocket, he found that the straw was not there. So he said, "I'm sorry, I forgot to bring the size  here! Let me go home to get it." After that, he ran out of the shop. It was very far from his home to the shoe shop. When he got back home, he was out of breath.
With a straw in his hand, he hurried to the shoe shop again. But the shop was closed.
Someone near the man said, "Your feet are with you. Why don't you try which pair of shoes fits ? And why do you believe your straw, but not your feet?"
The question is: Which of the following sentences is right?
The possible answers are:
A:When he got home, he was out of breath.
B:When he ran out of the shop, he was out of breath.
C:When he saw the shop closed, he was out of breath.
D:When he measured the shoes, he was out of breath.Many people do not like to stay at home on holidays.They want to go out to see something different or do something interesting.So people from the country come to the city and people from the city go to the country for holidays.During the holidays trains,buses and planes are all very busy.It is very hard to buy train tickets or air tickets.Many people take cars or buses for traveling.
Last May Day my family went to the country by car for our holiday.There was too much traffic on the road,so we had to move very slowly.It took us about an hour to get out of the town.After some time,we came to a hill.It was green and beautiful.We thought this was a good place for a picnic,so we stopped and took the food,fruit and drinks out of the car.We sat down and began to eat.Suddenly a strong wind blew and soon it started to rain.We had to run back to our car and have our picnic in the car.Then we drove back home.What a sad holiday!
The question is: Why did they go to the country?
The possible answers are:
A:To take some pictures.
B:To cook dinner.
C:To have a picnic.
D:To go sightseeing.Dear Frank,
Thanks for your email. My friend Lily and I have a good trip in Beijing. We visit many interesting places and go shopping on Wangfujing Street. When we are in Beijing,we live in our Chinese friend Liu Ming's house. Have a look at our activities  there.
On May 1stArrive in Beijing at 10:00 am.
On May 2ndVisit the Great Wall with Liu Ming.
On May 3rdVisit the Summer Palace
On May 4thVisit the Palace Museum with Liu Ming and his sister.
On May 5thGo shopping on Wangfujing Street and buy presents for our families. Lily buys a toy for her brother Jack and a postcard for her sister Lucy. I buy two cups for my father and a silk shirt for my mother.
On May 6thSay goodbye to Beijing.
Hope you will go with us next time.
Yours,
Nancy
The question is: Who goes to Beijing with Lily?
The possible answers are:
A:Frank.
B:Liu Ming.
C:Nancy.
D:Lucy.Little Peter is a boy of nine. He began to go to school when he was six, and now he is in Grade Three. He lives not far from the school, but he is often late for class. He likes watching TV in the evening and goes to bed late, so he can't get up on time in the morning.
This term, Mrs. Black, Peter's aunt, teaches music in Peter's school. She is strict with Peter and often tells the boy to obey the school rules and come to school on time. Yesterday morning, Peter got up late. When he hurried  to school, it was a quarter past eight. His aunt was waiting for him at the school gate.
"You are ten minutes late for the first class, Peter," Mrs. Black said angrily. "Why are you often late for class?" "Every time, when I get to the street corner , I always see a guidepost . It says SCHOOL--GO SLOWLY!"
The question is: The first class begins at   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:ten to eight
B:eight
C:five past eight
D:a quarter past eightTom's parents are away for 2 days. So he goes shopping in the supermarket. He makes a shopping list. There are lots of people in the supermarket. He plans  to make sandwiches for his lunch. He buys bread and butter. Then he buys ham and cabbages. He also buys two kilos  of apples. They are 5 yuan a kilo. The apples look good. He has everything on his shopping list. Then he goes home.
,
The question is: How much are the apples?
The possible answers are:
A:5 yuan.
B:2 yuan.
C:8 yuan.
D:10 yuan.Is there some one you hate? Well. Maybe you don't really hate them. But you get really angry every time you think of them.  If you don't let this anger go,  it can turn into bitterness .
Bitterness appears when we can't forgive someone who has hurt us or made us angry. Someone might say or do something that hurts us.  But instead of controlling he anger ,we keep t deep inside .  Before long, a bitter feeling begins to grow. We may think we are hurting that person by criticizing him or her often ,but we are really only hurting ourselves.
Bitterness can not only lead to serious health problems such as heart disease ,but also hurt out relationships with friends and family members .No one enjoy being around an angry person for very long .
If you see bitterness in your life ,here are some ways to deal with it .
Accept it
Instead of trying to _ your anger ,make it clear to yourself and accept it .See your anger for what it is and quickly deal with it .
Stop making excuses for it
You may feel you have a right to be angry .You may think you are right and the other person is wrong . You may even secretly enjoy making the other person look bad .But in the end ,bitterness hurts you much more than the other person . The bitterness will hold you back . and the other person will go on with his or her life .
Forgive and forget it
You probably can not completely put the anger out of your mind .But you can decide to forgive the other person . Forget it and move on .You'll enjoy better health and peace of mind .
The question is: What can we learn from the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:We should enjoy someone who hurts us.
B:We should pay more attention to our friends.
C:The peace of mind is more important than the hurt itself.
D:Ws better to let bitterness go along with the other person.Mrs Green's telephone number was three-four-six-three, and the number of the cinema near her house was three-four-six-four, so people often made a mistake and telephoned her when they wanted the cinema.
One evening the telephone rang and Mrs Green answered it. A tired man said, "At what time does your last film begin?"
"I'm sorry", she said Mrs Green, "but you have the wrong number. T his is not the cinema."
"Oh, it began twenty minutes ago," said the man." That's too bad. Goodbye."
The question is: People often made a mistake and telephone her when they wanted   _
The possible answers are:
A:the cinema
B:the shop
C:the factory
D:the visitBirds live in the trees. Squirrels  live in the trees. But do you know that some frogs  live in the trees, too?
The tree frog is hard to find. It can change colors. On green leaves, it stays green. On a brown branch ,it turns brown. Some tree frogs can change from green to gold  or blue.
Tree frogs have legs and wide feet. They have sticky pads  at the end of their toes. These sticky toe pads keep the tree frogs from falling off the trees. Tree frogs have different colors and markings  on their skins. Their eyes are different, too. Some have green eyes, and others have bright red ones.
The sounds they make are different, too. One frog makes a sound like a dog barking .Another frog makes a loud noise like a snore .There is even a frog that whistles !
The question is: According to the passage, these frogs are hard to find because   _   .
The possible answers are:
A:they stay in trees
B:they can change their colors
C:they have sticky pads
D:they make surprising soundsMr. Clinton and his 13-year-old son Tony are baseball fans. Last October 10th was Tony's birthday, so Mr. Clinton decided to drive him to New York, for the first game of the World Series  . They had no ticket but hoped to buy a pair from others.
After they arrived, they walked in the street for two hours, carrying a sign, "We need two tickets." Then they found the cheapest ticket was $200. They were about to leave when suddenly a man stopped them. He took out two tickets and handed them to Mr. Clinton.
"How much do you want?"
"Just a present." said the man, "Enjoy the game."
Mr. Clinton wouldn't accept, so the man explained, "I'm Jackson. Hans is my boss. He and his wife haven't missed a World Series in 18 years. But he is ill and can't watch the game this time. So he told me to give the two tickets to people who would actually enjoy the game. Then I saw you and I followed you for a while. You seemed very sad. You made me think of my dad and me when I was a child. I dreamed of going to a World Series game with my father. But my dream never came true."
How do you suppose this made Mr. Clinton and his son feel? Here is what Mr. Clinton said: "This is the most wonderful thing that ever happened to us. My boy and I must have turned to each other over 30 times and said, 'I can't believe this.' We still never forget Jackson and Hans."
The question is: Which of the following sentence is TRUE according to the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:Mr. Clinton hoped to buy the tickets at the ticket office.
B:Mr. Clinton and his son were very thankful after getting the tickets.
C:Jackson's dream of going to a World Series game came true in the end.
D:Jackson was ill in hospital and couldn't watch the World Series game.There are many new ways of shopping , and online shopping is one of them. You can buy almost everything on the Internet, and it's very easy. First, you choose something--clothes, tickets, a mobile phone, even a new computer--and pay for it. Then you receive it a few days later by post.
Online shopping has several advantages. First, you can shop at any time. The shops are always open. Second, shopping usually takes a lot of time. But to shop on the Internet you only need a computer and a mouse! You can also compare the prices of the same product and spend a lot... or save money.
But many people like going out and shopping with friends. They don't like shopping on the Internet because they can't see the product or try the clothes on. Also paying over the Internet isn't always safe.
Online shopping is changing our way of life. One day no one will go to the shops any more, because you'll be able to buy anything on the Internet, and you will be able to receive it anywhere in the world at any time!
The question is: Which is not the advantage of online shopping?
The possible answers are:
A:Save money.
B:Easy and quick.
C:Paying over the Internet isn't always safe.
D:You can compare the prices of the same product.You may know the English letters A, B and C. But do you know there are people called ABC? You may like eating bananas. But do you know there are people called "banana persons"? If you don't know, I will tell you. They are Chinese people like you and me, but they aren't in China. Why do people call them that?
ABC means America -born Chinese. An ABC is a Chinese, but was born in the United States. Sometimes, people also call them "banana persons". A banana is yellow outside and white inside. So when a person is a banana, he or she is white (American) inside and yellow (Chinese) outside. They are born in America and they live in America for a long time. Even their nationalities  are Americans. So they think like Americans and do things like Americans. But they still have Chinese blood. Their parents, grandparents or great-grandparents were from China. They all have black eyes and black hair. So they look like us, Chinese people. For example, we all know the famous scientist C.N. Yang . He is an ABC and he is a "banana person". We like him, although his nationality isn't Chinese.
The question is: Why do people call an ABC a "banana person"?
The possible answers are:
A:They look like Chinese but think like Americans.
B:They look like Americans but think like Chinese.
C:They look like bananas.
D:They like to eat bananas.Sally was a student. It was going to be her mother's birthday. She wanted to buy her a present that would be nice and useful but not expensive.
A week before her mother's birthday, she went shopping after a quick and simple lunch. When she had been looking for half an hour, she found a shop that was selling cheep umbrellas , and decided to take a black one, since her mother had lost hers the month before.
She thought, "You could carry that when you are wearing clothes of any color." So she decided to buy a lovely black umbrella and took it back to school with her until her classes had finished.
On her way back home in the train that evening, she felt hungry because she had such a small lunch that she went along to the buffet car  for another sandwich and cup of coffee. She had left the black umbrella above her seat in the compartment , but when she got back, it had gone! When she had left the compartment, there had been no other passengers  in it, but now there were three.
Sally began to cry when she saw that the umbrella was no longer there. The other passengers felt very sorry for her and asked what the matter was. She told them that the black umbrella she had bought for her mother was gone, and that she had to get out at the next station. After the three other passengers heard it, they asked her for her mother's address so that they could sent the umbrella to her if someone had taken it by mistake and brought it back after Sally had got out of the train.
The next week, Sally heard from her mother. It said, "Thank you very much for your lovely presents, but why did you send me three black umbrellas?"
The question is: How many umbrellas did Sally's mother get at last?
The possible answers are:
A:No.
B:Only one.
C:Three.
D:Four.The trouble started when Mrs. Cady lost control of her car on a mountain road. The car fell down thirty feet from the road into the water. It rolled  over once and landed right side up in the rushing water. All three people, Mrs. Cady, and her two daughters, were wearing their seatbelts. Luckily, nobody was hurt; however, they couldn't leave the car.
The rescue  started almost at once. Another driver told the police about the trouble. The police called rescue workers and a truck to pull the car out. The driver of the truck, Paul, arrived first. Immediatedly   he took a rope from his truck and began to walk through the rushing water to the car. Then he got caught in the ropes. He went under the water. Mrs. Cady saw him and pulled as hard as she could and brought him to the car door.
Next the other rescue workers arrived. They put on special suits to keep warm. They brought safety ropes, life jackets, and warm blankets . First they pulled the people out of the back window onto the top of the car. Then they swam with each person to the shore . They saved Paul, Mrs. Cady, and the little girls.
The question is: What was the most possible season when the trouble took place?
The possible answers are:
A:Spring
B:Summer
C:Autumn
D:WinterThe Internet joins millions of computers all over the world, and it's used by people all over the world. It was invented in the 1960s in the USA. The American government needed a network of computers for its army. Then in the 1970s scientists and businesspeople also wanted to use the Internet to send and receive messages. For some years, they weren't allowed to use US network, and when they were allowed to, the messages were in very simple text without photos.
The World Wide Web was invented by a British scientist named Tim Berners-Lee in 1989. He wanted to send documents to other scientists. So he developed the World Wide Web. This allowed him to send and receive scientific documents with text, drawings and photos. In the 1990s, more and more people began to use the Internet and the World Wide Web.
So, what's the difference between Internet and the World Wide Web? The Internet is the hardware .It allows us to communicate with other people. The World Wide Web is the software. It allows us to create , see, and read multimedia documents.
The web is made up of millions of documents called web pages. These pages are held in computers all over the world. Many people have a favourite website with a number of web pages on the same subject.
Email is a way of using your computer to send and receive messages. It's cheaper and quicker to use email than send normal mail. New users call normal mail "snail mail" because it's so slow.
It took 50 years for 100 million people to listen to the radio. It took 15 years for 100 million people to watch television. By the year 2000, it had taken only about three years for 100 million people to use the Internet. What will happen next on the Internet?
The question is: Why is email better than snail mail?
The possible answers are:
A:Because email was invented early.
B:Because email came from America.
C:Because email is cheaper and quicker.
D:Because email is fashionable.Jane always goes to school early. She likes to talk to her friends before class. After school she does not go home early. She is always late. Jane stops to see the animals in the pet shop. She likes to see the dogs. One of them is a little white dog. She watches the little dog play in the window of the shop. She watches for a long time, so she comes home late.
One day her father and mother ask why she is late, and she tells them about the little dog in the pet shop.
Jane is not late the next day. She stops to look in the window of the shop. But she doesn't see the dog, and she is very sad. She is also very happy, today is her birthday.
Mother shows her a big birthday cake and Father gives her a birthday surprise . He gives her the little white dog from the shop. Jane is very happy. The next day Jane does not come home late. She runs home to play with the white dog.
The question is: The birthday surprise is   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:a big cake
B:some presents
C:the little white dog
D:a birthday partyHappy Children's Palace
MONDAY 19:00--20:30 English learning Prof. G. White Would you like to improve your English? This is for middle school students. (2 weeks) TUESDAY 17:30--19:00 Photography  Mr. Green Learn to take good pictures. Bring your own camera with you. (4 weeks) WEDNESDAY 18:00--19:00 Office 2000 Prof. Wang Lan Learn how to use the new software. (10 weeks)   FRIDAY 19:00--20:30 Painting Miss Yang Jing Would you like to learn painting? It is for beginners only. (16 weeks) SATURDAY 15:00--16:30 Cambridge Young Learner's English Prof. J. Brown This course is for the children at primary school . (20 weeks) SUNDAY 10:00--12:00 Swimming, club Coach: Liu Xin Want to swim as fast as a fish? (9 weeks)
The question is: If you want to improve your English, you'd better learn it from   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:Miss Yang Jing
B:Prof. J. Brown
C:Prof. Wang Lan
D:Prof. G. WhiteWhat do people do with their old, out-of-date but still useful computers? Most people don't know what to do with them. Many old computers are put away in homes. Many more are simply thrown out with the rubbish.
Finally, some companies are thinking of ways to bring down the number of old computers. Sony has agreed to help recycle old Sony products . Dell, Hewlett-Packard and other companies now also take back some old computers.
In some countries, laws are being passed, too. Computer companies will have to pay for collecting and recycling their used products. And 70% of computer waste must be recycled. The idea behind the laws is that computer companies themselves should pay the cost. That will encourage them to make computers that are easier and cheaper to repair and upgrade .
Yet while many people are throwing away good computers, others cannot afford them at all. Hundreds of organizations are working to solve this problem. They collect and repair old computers. Some also teach others how to repair computers.
The computers then go to schools, charities and people who need them. Giving a used computer to one of these organizations can turn one person's rubbish into someone else's useful things--and cut down on waste, too.
The question is: What do the organizations do to solve the problem of old computers?
The possible answers are:
A:Help the computer companies to collect them.
B:Repair and send them to those who need them.
C:Help people to learn to use them.
D:Turn rubbish into useful things.The 18-meter-tall Rubber Duck arrived in Beijing on Friday. It was placed on waters in the International Garden Expo Park, where the Yongding River passes through.
The Rubber Duck exhibition was designed by Dutch artist, Florentijn Hofman. It was part of the activities of Beijing Design Week, which ran from September 26 to October 3 in 2013.
The Rubber Duck stayed in the park until September 23, then moved to the Summer Palace, a famous Beijing tourist spot, where it was on display until October 26.
The duck is made of over 200 pieces of rubber. It was guarded not only by staff, but also by 10 volunteers wearing yellow T-shirts and hats with a rubber duck logo.
Sun Yidong, a volunteer who guided visitors to the duck, said the art brought energy to the traditional Chinese park.
"Seeing the giant Rubber Duck makes me feel like I'm a kid again." Sun said.
Because of the rain on Friday, there were not too many people coming to see it. The Expo workers said they expected more people to come and visit the duck on weekends.
Zhao Yan said she had been following news about the duck since 2007, when the duck began its journey.
"I even considered going to Hong Kong to see it. It's great that the duck is in Beijing," Zhao said.
Before arriving in Beijing, the Rubber Duck traveled to 13 cities in nine countries. "The aim of the Rubber Duck is simply to bring everyone back to their childhood again," said Zeng Hui, a leader of the Beijing Design Week Organizing Committee Office. "It can be a toy for adults."
,.
The question is: The Rubber Duck went to   _   after it left the International Garden Expo Park.
The possible answers are:
A:the Olympic Park
B:the Summer Palace
C:Beihai Park
D:Zhong Shan ParkSixteen years ago a boy gave me an important gift. It was a smile.
It was the early autumn of my first year at a middle school, and my old school was far away. As a result, no one knew who I was. I was very lonely, and afraid to speak to anyone.
Every time I heard the other students talking and laughing, I felt my heart break. I couldn't talk with anyone about my problems.
Then one day, when my classmates were talking happily with their friends, I was sitting at my desk unhappily as usual. At that moment, a boy entered the classroom. I didn't know who he was. He passed by me and then turned back. He looked at me, with a smile.
Suddenly, I felt the touch of something bright and friendly. It made me feel happy and warm. That smile changed my life. I started to talk with other students and made friends. Day by day, I became closer to everyone in my class. The boy with the lucky smile has become my best friend now.
One day I asked him why he had smiled, but he couldn't remember doing so!
It doesn't matter because all the dark days have gone. I believe that the world is what you think it is. If you think it is lonely, you might always be alone. So smile at the world and it will smile back.
The question is: Where does she now think her feeling of unhappiness came from?
The possible answers are:
A:From her old school.
B:From her parents.
C:From herself.
D:From her classmates at the new school.My sister Sharon and I look very _ . She's tall, and I'm short. She has short curly dark (,) hair, and I have long straight blond hair. We both have dark eyes, but Sharon wears glasses, and I don't. And she always wears large earrings  . I don't wear earring.
Sharon and I do many things together  . We watch movies together, and we often go shopping. We play tennis together every Saturday. Often, people don't know that Sharon and I are sisters, because we look so different. But we are also good friends.
The question is: What does the word "  _  mean in Chinese?
The possible answers are:
A:the same
B:difficult
C:not same
D:friendlyI grew up in one of the poorest areas in Bradford. I live in a three-bedroom house with six brothers and sisters. I studied very hard . I got the best results in the history of the school. Other students would be happy with receiving such results. Their parents would give them an MP5 player as a prize or take them for a trip. What about me? In fact it made me sad. It was because my application to Imperial College London didn't pass. It is my dream to study medicine there.
I know that nothing in life is easy. I won't give up. I will apply again the following year. While some students are traveling during the holiday, I am working hard.  I help the doctors look after sick people in a hospital . I believe I must become a doctor one day.
The question is: How many brothers and sisters does the writer have?
The possible answers are:
A:Three.
B:Four.
C:Five.
D:Six.When US student Olivia Priedeman, 17, woke up one morning, she thought she had had a dream about making plans with a friend.
But it wasn't a dream. Her phone showed that during the night, Priedeman had read a text message from her friend. She did it while she was fast asleep.
Reading and sending text messages while asleep--called "sleep texting"--is an unusual sleep behaviour, similar to sleepwalking. It's also a growing concern  among doctors: young people can't live without their cell phones.
One in three teenagers sends more than 100 text messages a day, according to the Pew Internet & American Life Project. And at least four out of five teenagers said they sleep with their phone on or near their bed.
Elizabeth Dowdell, a professor at Villanova University in Pennsylvania, has studied sleeping texting. She said that having a phone nearby all night is a big part of the problem.
Andrew Stiehm, a sleep medicine expert with Allina Health in Minnesota, agrees. It's possible for the part of the brain that controls motor skills   to wake up, while the part of the brain that controls memory and judgment  may be still asleep. That's why some people can perform basic movements ---such as walking, talking, texting or even driving--while they're sleeping. Some of Dowdell's students said that they're disturbed by their nighttime texting behavior. But because sleep texting is _ , it's a difficult habit to break. Dowdell said she knows of some students who wear socks on their hands to keep themselves from texting.
Marjorie Hogan, a doctor at Hennepin County Medical Center in Minneapolis, Minnesota, suggests keeping all electronic devices  outside the bedroom at certain times.
The question is: We can learn from the passage that   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:It's easy to give up a sleep texting habit.
B:One in three teenagers has a sleep texting habit.
C:Sleep texting can reduce the quality of one's sleep.
D:Sleep texting does more harm to one's health than sleepwalking.Britain's smallest school was closed down because its only pupil failed to turn up for class, a famous Britain newspaper reported in May.
The newspaper said the six-year-old girl's parents were unhappy with a teacher who just got the new job to teach the only pupil.
The school had been closed for the last nine months after its former teacher retired and the only other pupil moved on to a secondary school. The new teacher, Ms. Puckey was to start teaching the girl and reopen the school.
But the girl's mother is keeping her daughter at home.
"I was not pleased with the new teacher,"the mother said. "I had told the old teacher as far back as last September that if Ms. Puckey got the job, my child would not be going to school."
The school lies on an island off the northeast of Scotland. Although there was only one pupil, the school is very good in many ways and has a headmaster, three computers, a television, and an art room as well as a school house with three bedrooms.
The question is: The reading is about_.
The possible answers are:
A:the smallest school that was closed down
B:the only pupil in the smallest school
C:the new teacher and her teaching
D:the old teacher who just retiredPeople have strange ideas about food. In the 18th century, Americans never ate tomatoes. They grew them in their gardens because tomato plants are so pretty. But they thought the vegetable was poisonous . They called tomatoes "poison apples."
President Thomas Jefferson, however, knew that tomatoes were good to eat. He was a learned man. He had been to Paris, where he learned to love the taste of tomatoes. He grew many kinds of tomatoes in his garden. The President taught his cook a way, for a cream of tomato soup . This beautiful pink soup was served at the President's next dinner party. The guests thought the soup tasted really good. They never thought their President would sever his dinner guests poison apples. Jefferson never spoke to his guests about the fact.
The question is: Jefferson was a president of   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:an African country
B:the United States
C:England
D:FranceVery hot weather is common in many parts of the world. Although hot weather just makes most people hot, it can cause medical problems and death.
Floods, storms and other terrible natural events kill thousands of people every year. And we hear much about them in news reports. We general hear little about heat, which experts say may be nature's most dangerous killer.
Health experts say that since the year 1900, very hot weather has killed more people in the United States than any other natural event. One year--- the unusually hot summer of 1980 heat caused about 1,700 deaths in the United States. In 1995, more than 600 people died in another heat wave in one city----Chicago, Illinois.
Besides drinking lots of cool water , doctors say there are some other things to do to protect against the health dangers of heat. Stay out of the sun, if possible. Wear loose and light--colored clothes. Wear a hat while in the sun. Eat fewer hot and heavy foods. And, when possible, cook foods during cooler time of the day. If possible, rest more often.
Health experts say these simple steps can prevent the dangerous health problems caused by heat. They will prevent sickness, help you feel better and may even save your life.
The question is: About 1,700 people died of heat in the US   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:in 1900
B:in 1980
C:in 1995
D:in 2000If you go to Beijing and Shanghai, you can see the same and the different _ between them. In some ways they look the same, in some ways they look different. Both of them have tall buildings and wide streets, although some buildings in Shanghai are taller than in Beijing. They are both important in China. Beijing is the capital of China, there are more places of interest there, but Shanghai is the biggest city in China. Now they are becoming more and more important in China.
The question is: Some buildings in   _   are taller than in Beijing.
The possible answers are:
A:Shanghai
B:Xi'an
C:Tianjin
D:ChongqingHaving an exercise plan is important, but you should always ask your doctor for advice before starting it. Keep in mind that you can have too much of a good thing: overexercising and exercising in a wrong way can hurt  your body. The following suggestions can help you avoid  this.
Warm up before exercise. This helps to prepare your body for activities. It's especially important in the morning.
Cool down after exercise. Rather than stop immediately, do a few light activities to avoid aches and pains later.
Exercise with your limits . Build up slowly. Never try to exercise when you feel painful. If you don't listen to your body, you will hurt yourself.
Avoid being thirsty. Water is important to keep your normal temperature during exercise and prevent  tiredness.
Wear sports shoes. These shoes can keep your feet safe and prevent you from being hurt.
The question is: This passage mainly  tells us  _   .
The possible answers are:
A:to warm up before exercise
B:how to keep healthy
C:how to exercise in a right way
D:not to exercise too muchEver thought of moving to a new country? How about starting a new country? Patri Friedman is planning to do just that. He left Google years ago to set up the Seasteading Institute. And his dream is to build seasteads-----floating micro-nations in the middle of the ocean.
So, what will life on a seastead be like? Probably a bit like life on a cruise liner  , but much larger, with shops, gyms, swimming pools, schools and other areas. In fact, the early seasteads may actually be specially-rebuilt cruise liners. But as science advances, Friedman believes they'll become more like floating cities, with several hundred people.
Seasteading raises a lot of questions. First of all, how will the new countries make money? The Seasteading Institute has suggested several money-making ideas, including ocean-based theme parks, casinos   and fish farming. There's also the questions of safety. With storms, typhoons and pirates   , the high seas are a dangerous place. However, the Institute says that it can stand bad weather and prevent crimes with its well-designed systems.
So, is this just a day dream? Well, maybe not. One of the people behind the project is Peter Thiel. He founded PayPal and was one of the first investors   in Facebook. So far, he's donated $ 500,000 to the project.
And Friedman isn't wasting any time. He recently announced the creation of the Poseidon Award. This will be given to the first seastead with fifty people. Friedman is hoping to hand out the award in 2015.
The question is: Which of the following can be the best titles of this passage?
The possible answers are:
A:Seasteading: a new idea of living
B:Seasteading: a wild way of farming
C:Peter Thiel: a man behind the project
D:Patri Friedman: a crazy day dreamerAll our food comes from the soil . Some of us eat meat, but animals live on plants. If there are no plants, we will have no animals and meat. So the soil is necessary for us to live.
The top of ground is usually covered with grass or other plants. Plants grow in soil, which has a dark color. This dark soil is humus. Dead leaves, dead plants and animals' waste make it, but this takes a long time. When the humus has been made, plants can grow well in it.
All soil needs food. If we don't give it any, the plants will be weak. Animals' waste is the best food for the soil, but chemical fertilizers   are also very useful. The same crop   should not be grown in the same place every year; it is better to have a different crop. A change of crop and the use of a good fertilizer will keep the land in good condition.
When the soil is dry, the wind blows it away. Sometimes heavy rain carries the humus down to a river. People should grow more and more trees and grass to stop wind from carrying the humus  away. It takes hundreds of years to make humus, and so we must save every bit of it. Without soil, where can we grow food?
The question is: We should   _   to keep the soil.
The possible answers are:
A:give more fertilizers
B:grow a different crop every year
C:make more humus
D:grow more trees and grassI am Jerry. My family is in New York. We have got a big house. There are three bedrooms . One is for my parents. One is for my sister Betty. One is for my brother Tony and me. I haven't got any grandparents, aunts or uncles in my family.
My father is forty-three years old. He is a hotel manager. My mother is forty. She is a secretary in a factory. Betty is sixteen years old. Tony is nine years old and I'm twelve years old. We are students. I love my family.
The question is: Jerry's father works    _    .
The possible answers are:
A:in a hotel
B:in a school
C:in a factory
D:in a libraryToday Grandma comes for a visit. She gives my sister and me a box of chocolate candies. We say "thank you!"
Then Jenny quickly takes off the box. The pieces all look the same! I can't tell which pieces are hard inside and which are soft! I only like the soft ones. Jenny does not care. She is happy to get any kind of candy!
I slowly look at all the pieces; I don't know which one to choose. Just then Dad calls us Grandma is going home, He wants us to say goodbye to her. I hurry to the front door where they are standing. Jenny comes a few minutes later. I say, "Grandma, I hope to see you soon. I always feel sad when you leave. "Jenny stands behind me and doesn't say anything. After Grandma goes home, I find out why Jenny doesn't say anything.
She has most of our candies in her mouth! Only a few pieces are left in the bottom of the box! Then I'm sad!
The question is: Who comes to see Jenny and her brother?
The possible answers are:
A:Dad
B:Grandma
C:Grandfather
D:MotherAs China's influence grows, many students in the US are working hard to learn Chinese. Parents and education experts   in the US think Chinese speakers may have greater chances.
The number of schools that teach Chinese has grown. Ten years ago, only about 300 schools in the US had Chinese lessons. Today, about 1,600 schools teach Chinese.
Lomond Elementary School   in Ohio is one of them. Each week, all students in grades one through five have a one-hour Chinese class. They learn the language through songs, games and lots of talking.
"We're trying to make students interested in the language," teacher James told Times for Kids. "We think it's really important that all children receive these lessons," he says. "We'd like to do even more."
"Schools are looking to the future," says Nancy, a US education expert. "China is becoming a really powerful country. Young people should not only know the language but understand the culture." Students may not be thinking about the future, but they think learning Chinese language and culture is fun.
"We wish we could go to China one day." said Karl and his classmate, Walt, from Miami.
More than 40 million foreigners around the world are studying Chinese. About 50,000 people in the US are learning the language. Chinese has become the second most spoken foreign language in the US after Spanish.
The question is: We can learn from the passage that  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:students are looking to the future
B:there are more Spanish people than Chinese in the US
C:Chinese is becoming popular in the US
D:Chinese is the most popular foreign language in the USIn English  nobody under eighteen years old is allowed   to drink in a bar .
Mr Thompson often went to a bar near his house.But he never took his son, Tom, because he was too young.Then when Tom had his eighteenth birthday, Mr Thompson took him to his usual bar for the first time.They drank for an hour.Tom drank a bit.Then Mr Thompson said to his son, "Now, Tom, I want to teach you a useful lesson.How do you know when you've had enough? Well, I'll tell you.De you see those two lights at the end of the bar? When they seem to become four, you've had enough and should go home."
"But, Dad," said Tom, "I can only see one light at the end of the bar." (170)
The question is: Father wanted to tell his son   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:the time to drink
B:something about the light
C:when to stop drinking
D:something about the barToday I went to Sam's school in the UK. It was really different from my school in China.
Girls wore grey skirts and white shirts, boys wore grey trousers, and everyone wore the school tie.
Some of Sam's lessons were a bit strange for me. We were reading Shakespeare in the English lesson, and there were quite some old words like "thou" and "thee" to mean "you". In history we studied 20th Century China. It was strange hearing a foreign side of history--and hearing English people trying to say all our Chinese names!
Classes were also a lot more relaxing than in China. Teachers were called "sir" or "miss", everyone shouted answers and raised their hands in classes. It was more like a _ than a class. A bell rang at the end of each lesson and everyone jumped up to go to the next class.
At break we bought potato chips and cookies in the dining room. Lunch was later than in China at 1 o'clock. We had big plates of pie with carrots. For dessert there was hot sweet rice called rice pudding.
It was good that I'd had an excellent lunch, because at Sam's school, Monday afternoons are taken up with sports.
I played my first game of netball--a bit like basketball, but with some differences. Fortunately , I'd had a quick look in the rule book before I tried to join in the game.
The question is: What's the best title for the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:Relaxed classes in the UK
B:Clothes, food and sports in a UK school
C:Strange lessons in Sam's school
D:A day in Sam's schoolDear Jenny,
I'm sorry you're sick and can't come to school this week. Let me tell you what you have on Monday next week.
We have math at 8:00. How boring! Then we have English. That's interesting. I know you love English. Next is P.E.. The fourth lesson is art. That's my favorite subject! In the afternoon, we have history with Mr. Chen. He is fun but history isn't.  Then at 2:00 we have science with Miss Jones. You know how strict she is. I don't like her. Our last class of the day is math.
Yours,
Ben
The question is: Their science teacher is   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:friendly
B:kind
C:boring
D:strictWhen an animal helps another animal, it usually gets something valuable in return. For a long time, many scientists thought that only people could act generously just because it feels good.
However, a new study in Germany suggests that chimpanzees  also do good things for no real reason. And so do children who are as young as 18 months of age. Maybe it is because humans and chimpanzees share an ancestor  about 6 million years ago.
People and chimpanzees appear to develop such features  without any other training, says Warneken, a scientist in Germany. Warneken and his partners worked on adult chimpanzees that live on an island in the African country of Uganda. They also worked with 18-month-old children in Germany. The researchers performed three experiments on the adult chimpanzees and two experiments on the kids. In the first animal experiment,a person tried to reach his arm into a cage to get a stick,but he couldn't reach it. A chimpanzee was in the cage,and it could reach the stick if it wanted to.
Thirty-six chimpanzees took part in this experiment one by one, and no chimpanzee saw what the other chimpanzees had done. Even though the animals hadn't met the person before, they usually took the stick and gave it to the person. What's more, they did this whether or not the person offered them bananas as a reward. In a similar experiment, 36 children acted in a similar way. They helped the person reach the stick, whether or not they were offered toys for their help.
Researchers did other experiments on chimpanzees and babies. No rewards were offered in either experiment. And still, both the chimpanzees and children went out of their way to help. Still, the new study is different from earlier findings. Researchers have found that chimpanzees don't give rewards of food to other chimpanzees, even if it costs them nothing to be generous.
The question is: From the passage we know that   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:both chimpanzees and children can find their way to help others
B:chimpanzees will reward good food to other chimpanzees
C:children is more generous than chimpanzees in some ways
D:both chimpanzees and children can do the difficult experimentsMary is an American girl. Her parents, Mr. and Mrs. Smith find work in China. So they live in Wuhan now. Mr. Smith works in a big shop. Mrs. Smith teaches English in a middle school. Mary goes to that school on weekdays. On Sundays she goes shopping with her mother. She likes dumplings very much. Every time they'd like many dumplings. It's 6:30 in the evening now. Mrs.Smith is cooking. Mr. Smith is helping her with the housework. What's Mary doing? She is doing her homework carefully.
The question is: Mary is in   _   now.
The possible answers are:
A:America
B:England
C:Chinese
D:WuhanTony is Allen's classmate. One day,Tony comes to Allen's home. When he sees many books in Allen's study, he says to Allen, "Allen, you have so many good books. Can I borrow a book from you?" Allen doesn't want to lend   a book to his classmate and he says, "Why do you want to take my book home? You can read it here in my home. " Tony sees that his classmate is very selfish  , but he says nothing. The next day, Allen comes to Tony's house and says, "Tony, you have a good garden-knife. I want to work in my garden tomorrow. Can I use it for two days?" Tony answers, "Why do you want to take my garden-knife home? You can work with it in my garden. "
The question is: Tony wants to borrow  _  from Allen.
The possible answers are:
A:a knife
B:a book
C:a garden-knife
D:moneWelcome to the Amazing kids Website! Here you can read about clever children all over the world.
Gina, who is thirteen years old, got first prize in the "Young Look of the Year" competition and is now writing her own recipe   book for kids. "I want it to be fun to read and easy enough for children to use," she says. Gina learned by observing  her father, who's also good at cooking, in the kitchen. She wants to encourage other children to cook because "everyone needs to eat, so it's a skill that will always be useful!
Fourteen-year-old Bren used to love running until he had a serious car accident three years ago. He lost part of one leg and didn't even expect to walk again. Now he's an athlete who has recently completed a marathon. "After my accident I wanted to give up," he says. "But now I'm happy to be alive and able to continue running."
Helga has always been good at science, but she thought it was too difficult to become an inventor. Then she heard about an accident that had happened when a car hit a train in her town. "That gave me an idea," says the clever sixteen-year-old girl. It took her over a year to invent a special machine that tells car drivers when a train is coming. One company is already interested in selling it, so it may be in the shops soon!
The question is: How is Gina trying to encourage other children to cook?
The possible answers are:
A:By observing her father.
B:By writing a recipe book for kids.
C:By giving them delicious food to eat.
D:By getting first prize in the competition.Even in early time, people could realize the important of dreams and knew that dreams gave meaning to life. Every great achievement has been the result of years of dreaming. If a person has a dream and holds fast to it, he or she will find a way to bring it into reality  .
Children do not have much experience or knowledge. However, they are natural dreamers. We should not laugh at them for being _ . Many great men were dreamers when they were children. One such dreamer was Thomas Edison. He used to be ostracized   when he was in primary school, but his achievements were greater than everyone else's in his time.
Teenagers and young people should also be encouraged to dream. The world is full of successful teenagers and young people. They dreamt big and their dreams changed their lives and even the world. Steve Jobs and Bill Gates are the good examples. They have developed technology and brought great progress to human besides making money for themselves.
Older people should believe that it is never too late to dream and that human mind is never too old to make dreams turn into reality. Colonel Saunders realized his dreams at the age of 67 and set up the biggest fried chicken company (KFC) in the world.
To dream is a wonderful ability which can lead to wonderful results. Olympic records were broken by players who were brave enough to dream. No one is too young or too old to dream and to make dreams come true.
The question is: The best title   for the passage is "  _  ".
The possible answers are:
A:From Dream to Reality
B:Good Examples of Dreams
C:Achievements in History
D:A list of Successful DreamersA mother in Australia was told by a doctor that her new born son was dead but she helped to bring him back to life by holding the baby against her body. She used a method known as a kangaroo care. The child, named Jamie ,was born after only 27 weeks with his twin sister, Emily, in a hospital in Sydney. Her birth went well ,but his was a different story. The doctor struggled for 20 minutes to save Jamie before announcing him dead.
"His little arms and legs were just falling down away from his body." Kate Ogg said ,"I took off my coat and put him on my chest with his head over my arm." She and her husband, David ,said to the child as she continued to hold him for nearly 2 hours. During that time, the two-pound baby showed the sign of life. She said , "I told my mum ,who was there, that he was still alive. Then he held out his hand and grabbed my finger. "Their tiny baby grew stronger and stronger in his mother's arms, and their final goodbye turned into a hello.
The doctor at first ignored the baby's movements, but when he put the stethoscope to his chest, his mouth was wide open and he said ,"It's my fault, It's a miracle( ).
"The kangaroo care helps the baby keep body warmth" Dr Pinchi Srinivasan said, "It also regulates  heartbeat and breathing rates and is believed to help weight gain and improve  sleeping habits. Fathers can also use kangaroo care. The key to the method is skin-to-skin contact."
The practice began in less developed nations. It has become a recognized pracitce in helping premature babies. The techniques is good for babies, and is used in many baby care centers.
The question is: After hearing what the doctor said, the mother  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:became so sad that she almost became mad
B:didn't give up and tried to bring her baby to life
C:chose to believe the doctor
D:became angry at what the doctor did to the babyOne day, in an English class, the students are having their lessons. Their teacher, a young woman is very happy. She sings some nice songs with them and then she goes to the blackboard and writes "SMILES" on it. "This is the longest word in English," she says to the class.
A girl stands up and says, "It has only six letters. How can it be the longest word in English?"The teacher smiles and says, "Oh, look! There is a mile between the first letter and the last one."
The question is: Why is the word "SMILES" the longest in English?
The possible answers are:
A:Because the teacher tells a joke  to the students.
B:Because there are many letters in the word.
C:Because there is a mile between the first letter and the last one.
D:I don't know.Welcome to our food shop. All kinds of food are on sale! Do you need vegetables? We have many kinds of vegetables. They are not dear. Do you like milk? We have good milk, like Guangming, Mengniu and Yili, for just two yuan a bottle. Do you like chicken? Chicken is for just twelve yuan a kilo. Beef  is for just eighteen yuan a kilo. Fish is for eight yuan a kilo. Come with your family and friends!
,.
The question is: We can buy   _   in the shop.
The possible answers are:
A:bike
B:book
C:shoes
D:milkTo write a great news story , you have to make sure it is correct , relevant   and fresh..
For a start, all the information in a story must be correct. Not only the spelling and grammar, but also the facts.
Any mistakes that appear   in a story can get a newspaper into big trouble.
For example, if a newspaper said that Yang Liwei was the first man to go into space, it would be wrong. He wasn't the first. The newspaper would probably lose lots of readers because of that mistake.
A news story is not only correct ,but also relevant to its readers . People are mostly interested in news that happens near to them . That is why you care more about what happens at your school that at American schools. It is also why newspapers in Beijing don 't talk about much news in Shanghai or Hong Kong.
Finally, news must always be fresh . When you pick up your evening newspaper, you want to read about news that happens that day. You don't want to read about news from last week !
So, now you know what makes a good news story . Have a good look at our newspaper and see if it is full of good news .you can try writing a news story for our newspaper like a real  reporter.
The question is: The writer mentions   _   main factors  to make a news story really great.
The possible answers are:
A:two
B:three
C:four
D:five.A thousand years ago, Hong Kong was covered by a thick forest. As more and more people came to live in Hong Kong, these trees were cut down and burnt.  Now there is no forest left, though there are still some small areas covered with trees. We call these woods.
Elephants, tigers and many other animals were living in the thick forest. When people came to live in Hong Kong, the animals began to die out. Early farmers grew rice and kept pigs and chickens in the valleys. They cut down the trees and burnt them. They needed fire to keep themselves warm in winter, to cook their food and to keep away the dangerous animals. Elephants quickly disappeared because there was not enough food for them. Many other animals soon died in the same way.
You might think that there are no longer any animals in Hong Kong except in 2005. But there are still about 36 different animals living there. One of the most interesting of Hong Kong's animals is the barking deer. These are beautiful little animals with a rich brown coat and a white patch under the tail. They look like deer but they are much smaller. They are less than two feet high. They make a noise rather like a dog barking. In Hong Kong the barking deer has only a real enemy---- men. People hunt these little animals though it is illegal, There are now not many barking deer left. So it is important for people to protect wild animals.
The question is: The passage tells us that   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:we can eat wild animal
B:we must kill the barking deer
C:people can hunt little animal
D:it's important for us to protect the wild animalIn the very early 1800's, a young boy about 14 years old named John lived in a orphanage  in Old England along with several other children. Orphan meant unwanted and unloved.
Christmas was the one day of the year when the children didn't work and received a gift, an orange. Usually they tried to taste and keep it for so long that it often went bad before they ever peeled it to enjoy the sweet juice. Many thoughts were expressed as Christmas time drew near. The children would say, "I will keep mine the longest." John usually slept with his next to his pillow. This year John was overjoyed by the Christmas season. He was becoming a man and stronger and soon he would be old enough to leave. He would save his orange until his birthday in July.
Christmas day finally came. The children were so excited as they entered the big dinning hall. Immediately the master shouted, "John, leave the hall and there will be no orange for you this year." John's heart broke violently wide open. He turned and went quickly back to the cold room. Then he heard the door open and each of the children entered. Little Elizabeth with her hair falling over her shoulders, a smile on her face, and tears in her eyes held out a piece of rag to John. "Here John," she said, "this is for you." As he lifted back the edges of the rag he saw a big juicy orange all peeled and quartered  and then he realized what they had done.
John never forgot the sharing, love and personal sacrifice  his friends had shown him that Christmas day. In memory of that day every year he would send oranges all over the world to children everywhere.
The question is: These children would be happiest when    _    .
The possible answers are:
A:they got the special gift
B:they preserved it very long
C:they finally enjoyed the sweet juice
D:they entered the dining hallHere are some tips on how to talk with your parents.
Try to start your talk with something fun. This will make talking easier. For example, ask your parents questions about their day. They love this!
Make it clear what you want to tell your parents If they have an opinion, let them finish and don't disturb. Ask them to do the same for you.
Show them respect by listening to them carefully. Look at their eyes sincerely.
Be honest. Honesty builds trust .  Life is good when your parents trust you.
If your parents don't understand, that's OK. It doesn't mean they don't love you pr they're not trying. Sometimes you have to explain things to them again or in a different way,
When you finish the talk, thank them for listening,. Say something like, "thanks! That helped." It will let them know this is important to you, and make them want to do it more often.
If you feel there are still things to talk about, set up a time with them to talk about it another day.
The question is: Which is the best title of this passage?
The possible answers are:
A:Some Tips on How to Talk with Parents
B:Parents Are Very Important
C:Try to Talk with Parents
D:Respect PatentsIn China, people usually set off firecrackers to celebrate Spring Festival. But this year seemed very quiet. It was really different. A man called Zhang Wei was asked by a reporter in an interview. He said that his friends and he hadn't set off a single firecracker.
"We all suffered from last month's smog . If we don't call an end to the firecracker, the environment will get worse and worse during the holiday." said Zhang Wei. He put up a notice in his community in Jinan, the capital of Shandong Province. In the notice, he called on more people to set off fewer firecrackers during this year's Spring Festival holiday.
Lots of parents agreed with Zhang Wei's idea. They said that they hated the noise of firecrackers. The noise used to wake up their babies too early. The babies really needed quiet mornings,
More Chinese looked forward to celebrating the holiday in a greener way. They decided not to set off firecrackers. They also decided not to waste food. They said that the new celebrations sounded fashionable.
"My family didn't buy any fireworks this year. Instead, we donated the money to charity. It's good for the environment and charity as well." Internet user "Fighter" wrote on Sina Weibo.
,A, B, C, D,. (10)
The question is: .Zhang Wei lives in   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:Jinan
B:Beijing
C:Shanghai
D:LondonDeserts do not stay the same size  .Sometimes they grow bigger. Sometimes they get smaller. The world's biggest desert, Sahara, is in Africa. Right now, the Sahara desert is growing fast.
Why is the Sahara growing ? In some places , People farm too much.  In other places ,animals eat all the grass. or people cut down the trees. This makes the soil  weak. Weak soil lets the desert grow.
Why is it a problem? people can not grow food in the desert. people can not build houses, hospitals , or schools in the desert . so people must leave their homes .They must live somewhere else.
What can people do ? They can plant trees. They can also farm less. These things make soil stronger. maybe the Sahara will stop growing . It's a big problem. Many people must work together to solve   it?
The question is: What is the main idea ?
The possible answers are:
A:The Sahara Desert is in Africa .
B:Farming too much makes the soil weak.
C:Big problem are caused   by the growing Sahara desert.
D:Planting trees will help the world.A farmer had a cow. He took very good care of this cow and one day when it was ill, he was very worried. He telephoned the vet. 
"What's the problem?" The vet asked him when he arrived.
"My cow's ill" the farmer said. "I don't know what the matter with her is. She's lying down and won't eat. She's making a strange noise."
The vet looked over the cow. "She's certainly ill," he said, "and she needs to take some very strong medicine."
He took a bottle  out of his box, put two pills  into his hand and said, "Give her these. The pills should make her better" How should I give them to her?" the farmer asked.
The vet gave him a tube  and said, "Put this tube in her mouth, then put the pills in the tube and blow. That will make it."
The next day The farmer sat outside his house and looked more worried.
"How's your cow?" the vet asked." No change," the farmer said, "and I am feeling very strange myself. I did what you said, I put the tube  in the cow's mouth and then put two pills down it." And?" the vet asked." The cow blew first, and blew the pills to my mouth." the farmer said.
,.
The question is: What medicine did the vet give the farmer?.
The possible answers are:
A:Bottle of pills
B:A long tube
C:Two pills
D:A small boxHow do most students spend their weekends? Do they have time to do the things they like? Let's see what some students do during their weekends.
Ben is eleven. He has a sister, Kate. Both of them like going to the cinema. Every Sunday morning, they go to the town by train and then they go to the cinema because they live in a village   and there is no cinema there.
They get to the town at noon. They usually have a big lunch in their favourite restaurant first, and then they buy some food in the supermarket before they go to their favourite cinema called Star Cinema. They like it because the seats there are _ and the films in the cinema are always the newest. They always have a good time on Sundays. But when the weather is bad or they are busy with their homework or someone visits them, they can't go to the cinema.
The question is: Ben and Kate can't go to the cinema when   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:The weather is not good.
B:They have a lot of homework to do.
C:They have visitors at home.
D:All above.Naturally ,American schoolchildren love holidays .And they get a lot of them each year .Besides having national holidays such as Thanksgiving and Presidents; Day off from school ,students get longer breaks in the US only go to school for about 180 days a year.To students ,holidays are perfect .However ,parents think there are advantages and disadvantages .
On the one hand ,school holidays allow families to spend time together .Many American parents take time off from work during June,July or august to travel with their children on vacations either in the US or in a foreign country .On the other hand ,schoolchildren get much more time off school than parents get vacation for an time.This means that parents with young children may have to pay more in the babysitting or day care coats.As well ,the long summer holidays mean that students sometimes get bored.
Besides going on trips with their parents ,American students enjoy taking part in different kind s of activities during the holidays .For example ,some kids enjoy summer camps and outdoor adventure holidays .Such trips are great  adventurous students . _ also have a lot to offer students who aren't usually interested in traditional PE activities .ou can do courses in survival skills ,for example .Students learn how to make a camp in the forest ,which wild food they can eat and how to find their way to make a camp in the forest,which wild food they can eat and how to find their way back to the center.
Students who are not excited about summer camps and outdoor adventure may take part in courses in computer game design ,film making and photography  during the holidays .Finally ,the traditional school trip to foreign countries is always popular .Students can practice their foreign language skills and experience every day life in a different culture.
The question is: Which of the following is true ?
The possible answers are:
A:Both parents and students think school holidays are perfect.
B:Parents can take care of their young kinds of activities
C:Students enjoy taking part in different kinds of activities during holidays .
D:Students don;t like to have school trips to foreign counties during holidays .Mrs. Brown's old grandfather lived with her and her husband. Every morning he went for a walk in the park and came home at half past twelve for his lunch .
But one morning a police car stopped outside Mrs. Brown's house at twelve o'clock, and two policemen helped Mrs. Brown to get out . One of them said to Mrs. Brown . " The poor old man lost his way in the park and phoned to us for help , so we sent a car to bring him home . " Mrs. Brown was very surprised , but she thanked the policemen and they left .
" But , grandfather , "she then said " you have been to that park nearly every day for twenty years . How did you lose your way there ?"
The old man smiled , closed one eye and said , " I didn't quite lose my way , I just got tired and I didn't want to walk home !"
,.
The question is: The old man   _   in the park in the morning every day .
The possible answers are:
A:went fishing
B:went for a walk
C:did some reading
D:asked a policeman for help"BANG!" the door caused a reverberation  . It was just standing there, with father standing on one side, and I on the other side.
We were both in great anger. "Never set foot in this house again!" stormed father. With tears welling up in my eyes, I rushed out of the flat and ran along the street.The street lights were shining, causing rather sad-feeling. I walked around aimlessly.
A young father who held a child in his arms walked past me. I felt as if I saw my childhood from another space: happy and carefree.
But now ... I don't know whether it is because I have grown up or because dad is getting old. We differ in our ways of thinking. He always put his opinions of behavior on me. Whenever I do something wrong, he never admits  it. We are just like two people coming from two different worlds. It feels like there is an iron door between us that can never be opened.
I wandered the streets, without a destination in mind. My heart was frozen on this hot summer night. As I walked on there were fewer and fewer people on the streets, until I had only the street lights to keep me company. When I finally reached the high-rise apartment block in which I lived, I saw that the light was still on.
I thought to myself: "Is father waiting for me, or is he still angry with me?"
In fact, it was nothing. Perhaps, dad was throwing away some of his old stamps. Perhaps he thought they were useless. I never had the courage to tell him that I liked collecting stamps.
All the lights were off except father's.
Dad was always like this. Maybe he didn't know how to express himself. After shouting at me, he never showed any moments of regret. However, after an argument he has the habit of _   while I am sleeping.
This was how he always was.He has been a leader for so long that telling everyone else what to do has become his second nature.
The light was still on. "Am I wrong?" I whispered, maybe... With the key in hand, I was as nervous as I had ever been. At last, I decided to open the door. As soon as I opened the door tears ran down my face. I suddenly realized that the iron door that I had imagined between us did not exist at all. Love--it's second to none!
The question is: What made the writer think of his childhood?
The possible answers are:
A:The sight of the street lights.
B:The sight of the empty street.
C:The sight of a father with a child in his arms.
D:The sight of light in his own house.New York is the biggest city of the USA. A long time ago, it was called Lenapehoking. In 1626, Dutch  people bought the land for only $24! They called it New Amsterdam. Then in 1664, the British took it over and changed the name to New York.
New York had an excellent harbour . Many people from all over the world came by sea and landed in New York. These people wanted a better life. New York seemed to give them that. By 1835, New York became the largest city in the United States. New York City used to have five smaller towns but now they are all part of the same city. They are Manhattan, Brooklyn, Queens, the Bronx and Staten Island.
Today, New York is home to millions of people from all over the world. These different cultures make New York an exciting place to visit. There's much to do in New York. You can take a helicopter  riding through the city, ride horses in Central Park, see a movie in the afternoon and watch the sunset  over the Brooklyn Bridge. Don't worry if you get hungry. Some restaurants are open 24 hours a day!
The question is: Which of the following is NOT TRUE about New York?
The possible answers are:
A:The city got the name "New York" in 1664.
B:New York is a big and exciting city.
C:New York has five smaller towns now.
D:If you are hungry at 3 a.m., you can go to a restaurant.It was a morning, about 8:30 am, when an old man in his 80's reached my hospital to take care of his finger. He said he was in a hurry because he had an appointment at 9 am.
While taking care of his finger I asked him if he had another doctor's appointment this morning, as he was in such a hurry. The old man told me no, that he needed to go to the nursing home to have breakfast with his wife. I asked if she would be unhappy if he was a bit late. He replied that there was something wrong with his wife's mind and she hadn't known who he was since five years ago.
I was surprised, and asked him, "And you still go every morning, even though she doesn't know who you are?"
He smiled to me and said, "She doesn't know me, but I still know who she is."
The question is: The old man went to the nursing home to    _    with his wife.
The possible answers are:
A:play sports
B:have breakfast
C:enjoy music
D:have classesWhat is your favorite colour? Do you like yellow, orange, red? If you do, you must be an optimist  , a leader or an active person who enjoys life, people and excitement. Do you prefer grey and blue? Then you are probably quiet, shy and you would rather follow than lead. If you love green, you are strong-minded and determined . You wish to succeed and want other people to see you are successful. At least this is what psychologists tell us, and they should know, because they have been seriously studying the meaning of colour preference  , and the effect that colours have on human beings .They tell us that we don't choose our favorite colour as we grow up. If you happen to love brown, you did so as soon as you opened your eyes, or at least as soon as you could see clearly.
A yellow room makes us feel more cheerful and comfortable than a dark green one, and a red dress brings warmth and cheer to the saddest winter day. On the other hand, black is depressing . Light and bright colours make people not only happier but also more active. It is a fact that factory workers work better, harder, and have fewer accidents when their machines are painted orange rather than black or dark grey .
Remember, then, that if you feel low, you can always brighten your day or your life with a new shirt or a few colourful things. Remember also that you will know your friends and your enemies better when you find out what colours they like and dislike. And don't forget that anyone can guess a lot about your character when you choose a piece of handkerchief or a lampshade .
The question is: "I'm feeling black." means "  _   ".
The possible answers are:
A:I am feeling well.
B:I am very happy.
C:I am excited.
D:I am depressedName: Edward Scott    School: Revin Grove State High School
Grade: 7 Term ending: 6 May
Subjects :
Mathematics
He is a little weak in this, but he has tried his best to catch up with others.
Science
He can work out many difficulties.Well done!
French
He is the best in the class.Keep it up.
History
He is not so good at this, but has done better than before.
Geography
He is familiar  with the names of many places in the world.
Music
He doesn't like pop songs, though sings very well.
Conduct: Fair No.in class: 9 Absences: 8
Remarks : Edward has the ability to do a lot better.More work is needed next term.
Class teacher: Ivy
Principal: M.L.Martin
School reopens: 11 September
The question is: Edward's best subject is  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:science
B:English
C:geography
D:FrenchNow, it may be difficult to predict the future, but many people believe that we will live on Mars by the year 2100. Our own planet, Earth, is becoming more and more crowed and polluted. Well, what problems will we need to solve before we prepare to go to Mars?
First of all, transport should be much better. At present, humans need to spend months going to Mars by spaceship. However, by 2100, spaceship can travel at half the speed of light. It might take us two or three days to get there!
Secondly, humans need food, water and air to live. Scientists should develop plants that can be grown on Mars. These plants will produce the food, water and air that we need. However, there is no answer for all the problems now.
There is also a problem for us to live on Mars. Mars attracts us much less than the Earth does. This will be dangerous because we could easily jump too high and fly slowly away into space there. We will have to wear special shoes to make ourselves heavier.
In some ways, life on Mars may not be better than that on the earth today. Food will not be the same --meals will probably be in the form of pills and will not be as delicious as they are today. Also, space travel will probably make many people feel very uncomfortable.
The question is: Why do we want to live on Mars?
The possible answers are:
A:Life on Mars is more interesting than that on the earth.
B:The earth is becoming dirty and crowded.
C:The journey to Mars is very interesting.
D:The scientists want us to do that.There are two mice. They are called Bill and Paul. They are good friends. One mouse lives in the country; the other mouse lives in the city. On a sunny day they meet in the street.
Paul: Hi, Bill! Have a look at my house in the country. I'm sure you can enjoy yourself.
Bill: I'd love to. But I hear that the food is not delicious, and your house is not good. Is it so?
Paul: No, that's not true. Go and see!
Then Bill goes to the countryside with Paul.
Bill: Why do you live in a hole in the field? You should come and live in the city. You would live in a nice house made of stone. You would have better food to eat. You must come and see me at my house in the city.
Paul: Thanks! Maybe you are right. I'll visit your house one day.
 _ days later Paul goes to Bill's house in the city. The house is big and beautiful. They are sitting in the sitting-room, having a big dinner comfortably. Suddenly, there a great noise.
Bill: Run! Run! The cat is coming!
Paul: Oh, no! It's terrible! Both the house and the food are nice, but I do not like living in the city. I enjoy living in my hole in the field, for it is nice to be poor but happy than to be rich but afraid.
The question is: Where does Bill live?
The possible answers are:
A:In the hole.
B:In the country.
C:In the city.
D:In the field.My name is Lily. I'm a junior high school student from Guangzhou. Last winter holiday, I visited Hong Kong for the first time with my mother and her workmates. Before we went through the entrance of the Customs and Excise Department (,CED), we had to wait for more than four hours there. All the passengers must show their permits   to the workers at the CED one by one. So there were a large number of people waiting in lines at the entrance hall. It took us a long time to walk along the metal pipes which divided the big hall into many different parts. So the entrance hall looked like a huge puzzle. Everyone should finish walking through the puzzle if they wanted to pass the entrance. I waited patiently and walked slowly after others. I just could see the back of their heads. It was difficult for me to breathe because too many people were there. At last I passed it but I was too tired to say a word.
Last month I visited Hong Kong again. But this time I didn't spend much time waiting at the entrance of the CED because I got an Electronic Exit Permit with an "Electronic Brain" in it. When I passed the port of Hong Kong, I just needed to use it to touch the button at the entrance. It can save much time for people. I plan to visit Hong Kong again sometime in the future.
The question is: Where can we read the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:On a blog.
B:In a history book.
C:In an encyclopeadia.
D:From an advertisement.Mr. Green once worked in a big company.He was quite busy so that he couldn't do any reading.So he gave up   his job and opened a bookshop in the center of the town.It wasn't big but all the books were nice and most people liked to buy some there.When the shop was closed,he could read at home.He knew a lot and many learned people were glad to make friends with him.
It was Sunday and it was cold outside.Mr. Green was very busy.At nine in the evening all the buyers left,but a woman was still there.She was dressed up and seemed to be waiting for somebody there. Standing by the shelves,she looked over the books one after another,and made them in a terrible mess .Mr. Green came up to her and asked," Excuse me,madam.What can I do for you?"
"Your books are not interesting at all,"said the woman,"I want a delicious one."
"That's easy," Mr. Green smiled.He brought out a cookbook  and said,"Here you are,madam."
The question is: Why did Mr. Green change his job?   _
The possible answers are:
A:He didn't like reading
B:He was too busy to read books
C:He liked the life in the center of the town
D:He wanted to write a cookbook himselfOne day, Jack came to Mike's house and said , "Mike, you have so many good books. Can you lend me a book to read?" Mike didn't want to lend a book to his friend, and he said, "Why do you want to take my book home? You can read it here in my house."
Jack found that his friend was very selfish, but he said nothing. The next day, Mike came to Jack's house and said, " Jack , you have a good garden-knife, I want to work in my garden tomorrow. Can I use it for two days?"
Jack answered, "Why do you want to take my garden knife home? You can work with it in my garden."
The question is: How did Jack feel when Mike refused to lend a book to him?
The possible answers are:
A:Happy
B:Excited
C:Angry
D:InterestedHere are some facts about homes in the United States and the people who live in them. In the early 1990s, about 50% of the Americans own their homes and the rest rent  their homes. The rented homes are usually apartments .
74% of the people in the US make their homes in or around cities. 26% live in the country. Dogs live in about 40% of all homes in the US. About half that number have cats.
Families in the US are becoming smaller. On the average ,2.64 people lived in a home in the early 1990s. In 1960, the average was 3.5.
Half of the teenagers in the US have their own bedrooms.
An American moves, on the average,twelve times in his or her life. In Japan, a person moves about five times, and in England a person moves eight times.
The question is: How many American families own a cat?
The possible answers are:
A:40%
B:26%
C:74%
D:20%Peng Jiangya, a 24-year-old girl, was born in Guizhou Province. She lives in a village of the Yinjiang Tujia and Miao Autonomous County at the foot of the Fanjing Mountains on the Yunnan-Guizhou Plateau . Twenty-two years ago, One day her parents were out, she fell into a fire stove at home, and the fire burned her fingers badly. The family was too poor at the time to afford the expensive medical treatment ,at last she lost all her fingers.
"When I was a child, I was unable to hold chopsticks. My parents taught me for a long time. It was really difficult, but I tried it over and over again ,and at the age of seven, I overcame it. From then on I knew that one had to put great efforts into what she was doing," said PengJiangya.
As a child , PengJiangya often saw others make cross-stitch   and then she decided to learn how to make it herself. " Of course, it took me many years to do that, when I was 18, I got it." Said Peng. Now she can make as good cross-stitch works as her companions ,but she is faster than other people.
Her hometown of Yinjiang Tujia at the foot of the Fanjing Mountains on the Yunnan-Guizhou Plateauhas become a tourist attraction. As for her future, Peng Jiangya said: "I will gather a few other people to embroider  the beautiful landscape of our hometown as a souvenir and lasting memory for tourists. At the same time, we can make more money."
The question is: When Peng Jiangya was a child, she learned to  _  without fingers
The possible answers are:
A:use chopsticks by herself
B:make more money by herself
C:make cross-stitch by herself
D:help her parents hold chopsticksWe have now known something about computers---computers work for us at home, in offices and in factories. But it is also true that many children today are using computers at schools before they can write. What does this mean for the future? Are these children lucky or not?
Many people do not know about computers and they think of them as machines that children play with. They worry that children do not learn from experience but just from pressing* a button* and that this is not good for them. They think that children are growing not knowing about the real world. And they are very worried about that their children will lose themselves in the computer games.
But many people understand more about computers, they say that computers can be very good for children. A computer can help them to learn about the real world more quickly, to learn what they want to learn and think for themselves. And for the future, don't we need people who can think clearly, who know how to get information quickly and use it well? What do you think?
For example, e-mail is very popular at this moment. Do you know about e-mail? E-mail is a way of sending messages to other people. E-mail is a fast and cheap way to keep in touch with friends and family. It's much quicker than sending a letter. People who use e-mail have an e-mail address. This address must have letters and dots* and the symbol "@"meaning "at". This is what an address looks like. People can send the messages across the Internet. It is quick, easy and fun.
The question is: Who usually use computers at school?
The possible answers are:
A:The old people
B:The teachers
C:The children
D:The parentsOnce my father asked me to hold his hammer while he repaired something, so we could have some time to talk to each other.
For 22 years, after I left home for college, he called me every Sunday at 9 am. He was always interested in my life and how my family was doing, and I never once heard him complain about his own life.
Nine years ago when I bought my first house, my father, 67 years old, spent eight hours a day painting it for three days. He would not allow me to pay someone to have it done. All he asked for was a glass of iced tea and for me to hold a paint brush for him and talk to him. But I was too busy.
Five years ago, at age 71, my father spent five hours putting together a swingset   for my daughter. Again, all he asked was that I get him a glass of iced tea and talk to him. But again, I was too busy.
Four years ago, my father drove all the way from Denver to Topeka, with an eight-foot Colorado blue spruce   in his trunk, so that my husband and I could have a part of Colorado growing on our land. I was preparing for a trip that weekend and couldn't spend much time with him.
Then, one day, my father telephoned me as usual, this time from my sister's home in Florida. We talked about the tree he had brought me, "Fat Albert", but that morning he called it "Fat Oscar", and he seemed to have forgotten some things. I had to get to church, so I cut the conversation short.
The call came at 4:40 pm that day: my father was in hospital in Florida with an aneurysm  . I got on a plane immediately, and on the way I thought of all the times I had not taken the time to talk to my father. I realized that I had no idea who he was or what his deepest thoughts were. I promised that when I arrived, I would make up for lost time.
I arrived in Florida at 1 am. My father had passed away at 9:12 pm. This time it was he who did not have time to talk to me.
The question is: How did the writer feel when she was rushing to the hospital where her father was staying?
The possible answers are:
A:Hopeless.
B:Sorry.
C:Frightened.
D:Disappointed.Rabbit Shiny and tortoise  Smily were neighbours. One day they were reading a story about their great grandfathers: Shiny's and Smily's great grandfathers decided to have a race. While Shiny's great grandfather went to sleep during the race, Smily's great grandfather won the race by slowly walking towards the finish line.
Smily said, "If your great grandfather didn't go to sleep, my great granddad might never win. So his win was not a real win."
The next day there was a notice in the jungle  newspaper. It said that there would be a race and the winner would win many prizes. The race started from the bear's house. From there, the runners had to cross the river. But most of the animals could not both run fast and swim fast. So they didn't know what to do. Shiny and Smily made a plan.
Shiny ran, while smily was sitting on his back. He and other animals, like the deer, reached the river side at the same time. But they saw the swift water and stood there because they were worried. None of them liked the idea of crossing the river. Smily quickly got into the water and Shiny sat on his back. Smily started swimming. Soon they reached the other side of the river. Shiny got down from Smily's back and Smily climbed on Shiny's back again. Shiny ran fast. They reached the finish line first.
"Both of them are the winners." The president of the jungle said, "Shiny and Smily helped each other during the race and they won. So let's give them a big hand."
The question is: Which of the following is NOT true about the race in the jungle?
The possible answers are:
A:There were a lot of prizes for the winner.
B:Most of the animals could both run fast and swim fast.
C:Smily sat on Shiny's back when Shiny bagan to run.
D:Shiny ran as quickly as other animals.To Make Everybody Happy
Peter's uncle lives in the country. Once in summer, Peter goes to stay with him for a few weeks. Whenever they go for a walk or for a drive in the car and pass somebody, his uncle waves to the passer-by. Peter is surprised and says, "Uncle Georage, you seem to know everybody here. Where did you meet them all?"
"I don't know all these people." answers his uncle. "Then why do you wave to them?" "Well, Peter ," says his uncle "When I wave to someone who knows me, he is pleased. He goes on his journey with a happier heart. But when I wave to someone who doesn't know me , he is surprised and says to himself, ' Who is that man? Why did he wave to me?' So he has something to think about during the rest of his journey, and that makes his journey seem shorter.So.I.make.everybody.happy.
The question is: Georage tells peter  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:he knows all the people
B:he does not know all the people
C:he only knows one of them
D:he doesn't know any one of the peopleAt present, too much carbon dioxide  makes the earth warmer and warmer and causes terrible effect to human beings. To save our planet, to save ourselves, a new lifestyle called low-carbon life  becomes popular. Low carbon means low energy and no waste. It is necessary for everybody to learn to live a low-carbon life.
To live a low-carbon life, we'd better save energy as possible. Turn off the lights and TV whenever they are not needed. If possible, use cold water to wash clothes or dishes. Take a short shower and try to take a cold one when the weather gets warm. Don't do the cooking with electricity.
To live a low-carbon life, we should eat less meat. Everybody knows eating too much meat makes people fat and easy to have heart disease, but maybe you don't know keeping animals for food produces even more carbon dioxide than all the cars in the world, and being a vegetarian can help reduce one and a half tons of carbon dioxide a year. Maybe _ is a little difficult, but it's really necessary.
To live a low-carbon life, we are supposed to do less shopping. When we go shopping, we may drive a car or take other transportations. On the one hand, these machines pollute the air and waste energy. On the other hand, most of us always buy some useless things because of some advertisements. It is not only a waste of money but also causes trouble to the earth, because as you know, making everything will produce carbon dioxide more or less.
There are many other ways to live low-carbon life, such as recycling things, planting trees and reusing textbooks. If we can keep it a habit in our daily life, the earth will become a safer planet for us to live on.
,.
The question is: We should do less shopping because   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:wasting money causes trouble to people
B:the advertisements are sometimes misleading
C:the less you shop, the less carbon dioxide will be produced
D:some of the things you bought are uselessLast year I travelled to Paris by plane. I was very excited because I knew I would meet a lot of interesting people and see some amazing things there. On the night before I left, I was so excited that I couldn't sleep at all. When I sat on the plane the next day, I felt very tired. I wanted to have a good sleep during the 9-hour flight. Unluckily, there was a baby sitting next to me. It cried and screamed during the whole trip. How could I fall asleep with all of that noise?
When I arrived in Paris at last, it was already 8 o'clock in the evening. I felt even more tired. After getting off the plane, I went to my hotel at once. I paid no attention to the beautiful evening scenery of Paris. I just wanted to have a good rest in my room. When I lay down on the comfortable bed, I fell asleep very quickly.
A sudden noise woke me up at midnight. I didn't know what happened, so I turned on the light. What did I see? You wouldn't believe it! I saw two mice playing on the floor!
What a terrible trip!
The question is: What did the writer see in the hotel room at midnight?
The possible answers are:
A:A mouse.
B:A cat.
C:Two cats.
D:Two mice.Mr and Mrs Green come from Australia .They are in Beijing now .Mr Green is a teacher in a high school .He teaches English ,He likes reading and running .His son, Jim, is a  student.He likes playing football very much .He likes school, too. He does his homework every day . Mrs Green is a teacher ,too. She can speak a little Chinese. She likes Chinese food .She doesn't like doing housework at all, but she likes cooking .They all like China a lot.
The question is: _   can speak a little Chinese.
The possible answers are:
A:They
B:Tom
C:Mrs Green
D:Mr GreenSingapore is a beautiful and clean country. It welcomes visitors and tourists. When you come to visit Singapore, please keep the laws of this country. Here is something that you must remember.
SMOKING: Cigarette smoking is a danger to health. It's not allowed in lifts, cinemas, theatres, all government offices and on buses. If you break it, you will have to pay a fine   of up to Singapore $500.
LITTER: Singapore is the Garden City of Asia----clean and green. Dropping litter in public places is not allowed. You can be fined up to Singapore $500 for dropping litter----even if it is only a piece of waste paper or a cigarette end.
LONG HAIR: Men visitors should not have longer hair than the top of their shirt collars . Long-haired men will be served  last of all visitors in government offices.
JAYWALKING: You must always use the zebra crossing. You can be fined Singapore $50 for crossing the streets less than 50 metres from a zebra crossing, These laws are also for children who are old enough to be  in the street by themselves.
The question is: Singapore is a beautiful and clean country. Maybe it is because  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:it is an island country in Asia
B:it has many visitors and tourists
C:the laws are very strict   and the people keep the laws very well
D:many people are finedThere was once a man called Mr. Flowers, and flowers were his only joy in life. He spent all his spare time in one of his four glass-houses and grew flowers of every color, with long and difficult names, for competitions, he tried to grow a rose of a new color to win the silver cup  for the Rose of the Year.
Mr. Flowers' glass-houses were very close to a middle school. Boys of around thirteen years of age were often tempted to throw a stone  or two at one of Mr. Flowers' glass-houses. So Mr. Flower did his best to be in or close by his glass-houses at the beginning and end of the school day.
But it was not always possible to be on watch at those times. Mr. Flowers had tried in many ways to protect his glass, but nothing had been useful. He had been to report to the headmaster, but this bad not done any good. He had tried to drive away the boys when they threw stones. He had even picked up all the stones around his garden, so that the boys would have nothing to throw, but they soon found others.
At last Mr. Flowers had a good idea. He put up a large notice. It was made of good, strong wood. It was some meters away from the glass-houses. On it he had written the words: DO NOT THROW STONES AT THIS NOTICE. After that, Mr Flowers had no further trouble: The boys were much more attempted to throw stoned at the notice than at the glass-houses.
The question is: Boys were often tempted to   _
The possible answers are:
A:throw stones at Mr. Flowers' glass-houses
B:throw stones at Mr. Flowers from their school
C:be in or close by Mr. Flowers' glass-houses
D:play with Mr. Flowers near his glass-housesJane  09:45:10
Hi, Jim. Nice to meet you!
I'm a girl. My name is Jane Green. My favorite   color is red. I have a red bike. My bike number is 67582. My telephone number is 873-3516.
Jim 09:46:05
Hi, Jane . Nice to meet you, too!
I'm a boy. My name's Jim Hand. My favorite color is blue. I have a blue car.  My car number is ZA9Z78. And my telephone number is 894-2015.
The question is: Jane likes     _  .
The possible answers are:
A:Red
B:Red ruler
C:Blue
D:BlackHello, I'm Linda. This is a photo of my friend's family. Her name is Jane. These are her parents, Jeff Brown and Emily Brown. Those are her brothers, Harry and Dick. Is that her grandfather? Yes, it is. His name is Henry.
.
The question is: Is Dick Henry's son?
The possible answers are:
A:Yes, he is.
B:No, he isn't.
C:I don't know.
D:Yes, it is.Parents can be very important teachers in our lives. However, they are not always the best teachers. Parents may be too close to their children emotionally  . Sometimes they can only see their children through the eyes of a protector. For example, a teacher might see a trip to a big city as a valuable experience. However, it might seem too dangerous to a parent.
Another problem is that parents may expect their children's interests to be similar to their own. If they love science, they may try to force   their child to love science too. But what if (......) their child's true love is art, or writing, or car repair?
Parents usually want to _ their values to their children. But should children always believe what their parents do? When children are young, they believe that their parents are always right. But when they get older, they will have different ways of thinking.
The most important thing to realize is that we all have many teachers in our lives. Our parents teach us, our teachers teach us, and our friends teach us. Books and newspapers and televisions also teach us. All of them are valuable.
The question is: When children get older, they   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:don't believe their parents any more
B:should always believe what their parents do
C:believe that their parents are always right
D:begin to have their own ways of thinkingTom's tenth birthday is on this Sunday. His parents give him a birthday party on Saturday. They help him invite   Mike, Simon and two other friends. The party is at Tom's home.
Tom's father buys nice food on the morning of Saturday. Mike brings Tom some interesting books. Simon buys a volleyball for Tom. Others give Tom some CDs. They have lunch at twelve thirty in the afternoon. After lunch, the boys and girls sing and dance happily. The party is over   at four o'clock in the afternoon.
The question is: What is the best title   of the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:Games at a Birthday Party.
B:Tom's Good Friends.
C:Tom's Great Parents.
D:Tom's Birthday Party.The government in China plans to end its one-child policy and let families have two children instead.
The plan was announced on Thursday after high -level political meetings in Beijing. A Chinese Communist Party statement gave a number of reasons for the change in policy. The statement said the change is meant to balance population development, stop a falling birth rate  and strengthen the country's labor force .
China, with the largest population in the world, started the one -child policy in 1980. But the government allowed only a small number of couples to have two children. For example, some families in the countryside could have two children, if the first-born child is a girl.
In 2013, the Chinese government gave other couples a chance to have two children if one of them was an only child.
Jiang Quanbao, a teacher and population expert, explained how Chinese families react to the newest policy. "Too many young people in the cities are no longer interested in having a second child," he said. "People in the countryside are more interested. But some of them are already allowed to have two children. "
At the end of 2014, China had a population of 1.37 billion people. A total of 800 million of them have jobs. But the labor market population will drop in 35 years. That is to say, the country will be in great need of labor by the year 2050. With the two-child policy, an increase in births can solve this problem.
Boys and girls, what do you think of the two-child policy? Do you want to have a new-born brother or a sister?
The question is: How do most young people in the cities react to the two-child policy?
The possible answers are:
A:They support the policy.
B:They don't think it is good.
C:They're very interested.
D:They're not interested any more.In Germany , more than 70% of people like reading. They often read. They read in their homes. They read in libraries. They read in parks. They even read in hospitals. Parents often read books for kids .
It is easy to buy books in Germany. There are many bookshops in Germany. They are in big cities and small towns . A bookshop can sell  many books every day. Germans  also like to buy books on the Internet. More and more people buy books on the Internet.
In Germany, people often have reading parties. They are happy at the parties.
The question is: If there are 10 Germans,   _   like reading.
The possible answers are:
A:six
B:five
C:seven
D:eightNo Car Day was first started by 34 cities in France on September 22,1998.It was started to protect the environment.By now,more than 1,000 cities around the world have had a No Car Day.
The first No Car Day in China was in Chengdu in 2001.Other cities,including Taipei,Shanghai and Wuhan,also support the day.
In Beijing,more and more people are joining the campaign.It asks drivers to leave their cars at home for one day each month and walk or ride a bike to work.It also calls on Beijingers not to use cars on June 5(World Environment Day).The _ for the day is,"If we drive for one less day,we can have one more nice day."
So far,more than 200,000 drivers have shown their support."We can't control the weather,but we can choose not to drive,"said Wu Zonghua,a car club chairman.Beijing is trying to have 238 blue sky days this year.In the first quarter of 2012,Beijing only had 52 blue sky days.This was 11 days less than the number for the same period the year before.Much of the dust comes from the desert,but cars cause most of the air pollution.We must do more for No Car Day.
The question is: The first No Car Day fell on  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:February 2
nd
B:June 5th
C:July 5
th
D:September 22ndOn Thursday October 3, Adam Harper decided to stop drinking coffee. Adam is a MBA student at Harvard University. He studies long hours, gets very little sleep and as a result, he drinks a lot of coffee---anywhere from five to six cups a day. Recently, Adam felt that drinking thus much coffee was making it hard for him to sleep at all. He also began having problems with his concentration , and complained of stomachaches. Adam's doctor made this suggestions: stop drinking coffee altogether.
When Adam got up on October 3, he began his day without his morning coffee. By 11:00 a.m., Adam was in a terrible mood  . He was tired and had a headache. At 11:30, he had a meeting with his student advisor. In the meeting, he found it almost impossible to continue. What was going on?
Caffeine, a chemical found in coffee, was most likely the reason for how Adam felt. Caffeine is a stimulant that boosts  energy levels and improves concentration- but only for a short time. Lowering caffeine consumption  often causes a drop in blood pressure and the result is a "coffee headache", People who stop drinking coffee often say they feel tired and moody, and find it hard to focus.
The good news is that these feeling usually pass after four and five days. During this time, doctors suggested taking some aspirin for the headache. So, if Adam can wait, in less than a week, he may be feeling much better.
The question is: People may feel   _   when they stop drinking coffee.
The possible answers are:
A:healthier
B:uneasy
C:energetic
D:awakenLast year The Voice of China, the most popular TV talent show became a popular topic in people's chatting and media information from both home and abroad. It began on July 13, 2012 and ended on September 30, 2012. Liang Bo, a handsome boy from Changchun, Jilin was the champion of The Voice of China in 2012. Before the competition Liang Bo was just an ordinary college student studying music. He captured   the hearts of audience   with his passionate   rock'n'roll   performance at the show.
Fans described Liang's voice as "natural, clear and touching''. Although he seemed cool on stage, he could quickly turn on the power once he started singing. "His performances make you imagine things. When I listen to his singing, I see pictures and think of stories." said Na Ying, one of the four judges   on the show. She was also Liang's tutor for the competition.
Liang Bo, like many young Chinese, he fell in love with music through playing the guitar. Liang got his first guitar as a birthday gift when he was in middle school. He would spend days and nights practicing. " I can't live without my guitar." he said.
" I don't like talking much but I carry great passion inside me," Liang said. " There is no better way to let it out than through music like rock'n'roll. Many people compare Liang to famous Chinese rockers including Xu Wei, Wang Feng and Zheng Jun. But the young man doesn't want to stand in others' shadow. " I respect those rockers, but I'm not going to copy them. I will be who I am," he said.
The question is: How many judges were there in the TV talent show?
The possible answers are:
A:3.
B:4.
C:6.
D:8.Long ago, there was a queen who lived in a palace. She felt bored and said to her advisor( ), "AIl the things around me are too boring. I need a different kind of beauty. Let everyone know that I will hold a competition for the most beautiful thing in the world. And the prize will be this crown  ."
Several days later, lots of people came to the competition and showed their things. The queen was not satisfied with what she saw. The advisor suggested, "What you are looking for cannot be brought to you. You must look for it by yourself. What about a journey?"
The queen was interested in the idea, so she started immediately. As she was on top of the hill near her palace, she looked down and suddenly something cried in her heart. "Why have I never found my palace so beautiful?"
The queen spent one year travelling. She saw beauty on the farm, in the forest and even in the stars twinkling at night on her journey. But what was the most beautiful thing? She thought it over. Suddenly, she understood beauty was everywhere. She should learn to enjoy the world. She left the pieces of her crown at different places that she had seen. As time went by, the queen's crown got smaller and smaller until nothing was left.
She found the most beautiful thing at last. It was the world!
The question is: On top of the hill near her palace, the queen suddenly found her palace so   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:boring
B:small
C:dirty
D:beautifulThe trouble started when Mrs. Cady lost control of her car on a mountain road. The car fell down thirty feet from the road into the water. It rolled  over once and landed right side up in the rushing water. All three people, Mrs. Cady, and her two daughters, were wearing their seatbelts. Luckily, nobody was hurt; however, they couldn't leave the car.
The rescue  started almost at once. Another driver told the police about the trouble. The police called rescue workers and a truck to pull the car out. The driver of the truck, Paul, arrived first. Immediatedly   he took a rope from his truck and began to walk through the rushing water to the car. Then he got caught in the ropes. He went under the water. Mrs. Cady saw him and pulled as hard as she could and brought him to the car door.
Next the other rescue workers arrived. They put on special suits to keep warm. They brought safety ropes, life jackets, and warm blankets . First they pulled the people out of the back window onto the top of the car. Then they swam with each person to the shore . They saved Paul, Mrs. Cady, and the little girls.
The question is: Who brought Paul to the car door?
The possible answers are:
A:Mrs. Cady
B:Mr. Cady
C:The girls
D:The rescue workersLong long ago in England, there lived a man named Robin Hood. Robin Hood lived with other men in a forest, Sherwood Forest. Robin Hood was a thief -- a different kind of thief. He stole from the rich and gave what he stole to the poor. Poor people didn't need to worry about going into Sherwood Forest. Robin Hood often gave them money.
Everyone in England knew about Robin Hood. The king was angry! He didn't want a thief to be a hero. He sent his men to Sherwood Forest to catch Robin Hood. But they weren't able to catch him.
The king wanted to meet Robin Hood and knew what kind of person he was. One day, he dressed himself up as a poor man, and then he went to Sherwood Forest to see Robin Hood. After the king talked to Robin Hood, he liked him very much. He said, "I like you very much, but I have to tell you the _ .".
He told Robin Hood who he really was. Robin Hood was not angry. He laughed and laughed. The king invited  Robin Hood to come and live in the castle. The castle was 20 miles away. Robin had to walk south, cross a river, turn left and then turn left to get there.
The question is: Long long ago in England, Robin Hood. lived with other men   _
The possible answers are:
A:in a forest,
B:at a hotel
C:in the castle
D:by a riverLast weekend, our family went to have Christmas dinner in a restaurant. We were the only family with a baby in the restaurant. Suddenly, my baby Erik became excited when we were enjoying our meal. I looked around and saw an old man with old clothes and dirty old shoes. His hair was unwashed. He was smiling at my Erik.
"He might hurt my Erik," I thought. Everyone in the restaurant looked at us and the old man. Then we decided to leave. The old man sat between the door and us.
As I walked closer to the man, I turned my back. Suddenly, Erik leaned  over my arms, reaching with both arms in a baby's pick-me-up position . Before I could stop him, Erik had escaped  from my arms to the man's. Soon the very old smelly man and my young baby developed a kind of friendship.
Erik put his little hand on the man's face, and I saw the old man closed his eyes and tears running down his face. His aged hands held my baby so gently . A moment later, the old man opened his eyes, passed me my baby and said, "Thank you, Madam. You've given me the best Christmas gift."
I cried, with my face burning hot. A child saw a soul , but a mother saw only a kind of clothes.
The question is: Why did the old man thank the writer?
The possible answers are:
A:Because the writer bought food for him
B:Because the writer said Merry Christmas to him
C:Because staying with the baby made him feel happy
D:Because the writer asked him to play with her babyYou can't remember who sings a certain song from the 90s. You Google it. You're arguing with a friend about who played Mickey in The Goonies. You solve the problem by Googling it. You don't know the way to that new restaurant. You Google Maps it.
We hold the answers to about all of life's questions in our hands today. But that means our brains are feeling free to take some rest. According to the Daily Mail, our growing reliance on  the Internet for fact checking is making our memories worse.
Scientists at Harvard University found people now regard Google and other search engines as an outside part of their own brains, rather than a tool. Writing in the Journal Scientific American, Harvard psychologists Daniel Wegner and Adrian Ward warn that people who believe their memorable facts that are saved online are much worse at remembering them.
"The Internet is also unlike a human memory partner; it knows more and can produce the information more quickly, You can find almost all information today easily through a quick Internet search. It may be that the Internet is taking the place of people's memory."
In a series of tests, researchers found it was easy for people to remember information well if they believed it would be deleted.
Those who thought it was stored on a computer were more forgetful, even if they were asked to keep the information in mind.
The question is: When people want to check a fact, probably they will  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:look up in a book
B:ask friends
C:use the Internet
D:go to teachers for helpPeople can use the phone to talk with others almost anywhere on the earth. But when you use the phone, you don't see the person you are talking with.
Today some people are using a kind of telephone called the picture phone or vision phone. With it, two people who are talking can see each other.
Picture phones can be useful when you have something to show the person you're calling. They may have other uses in the future. One day you may be able to ring up a library and ask to see a book. Then you'll be able to read the book right over your picture phone. Or you may be able to go shopping through your picture phone. If you see something in the newspaper that you think you want to buy, you'll go to the phone and call the shop. People at the shop will show you the thing you're interested in right over the phone .You'll be able to shop all over the town and never even leave your room.
The question is: Today people can use the phone to talk with others  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:in some places in the world
B:in all the town
C:only in big cities
D:almost anywhere on the earthLast year when Tom graduated from school, he came to Taibei. He didn't like to work on his father's farm and hoped to find a job in a big city. He went from one company to another but no one wanted him. With little money left, he got to the station, sad and tired. All he wanted to do was go back to his small town. It was very late at night and the station was full of people. They were waiting to buy tickets of the last train. He bought the last ticket, and he was very happy.
At that time, a woman with a crying baby walked to him and asked him to sell her the ticket. He gave her the ticket because he thought they needed it more than he did. After the train left, he sat on the bench and didn't know where to go. Suddenly, an old man came and said, "Young man, I have seen what you did to the woman. I am the owner of a big company. I need a good young man like you. Would you like to work for me?
The question is: Tom came to the station to   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:find a job
B:take the train home
C:sell the ticket
D:take the train to TaibeiLiverpool
Discover the best music, sport, culture ... in the UK
Liverpool MUSIC
The Beatles Story
The world-famous 1960s music group came from Liverpool. Find out about The Beatles at the Beatles Story.
Open every day except Dec. 25th and 26th.
Adult:PS15.95
Child:PS7.00
Child under five: Free Liverpool SPORT
Liverpool FC
This city loves football. Visit Anfield football stadium, home of Liverpool FC, Liverpool's favorite football club, and take a tour.
Closed on weekends.
Adult:PS15.00
Child:PS9.00
Child under five: Free
Liverpool MUSEUM
The Museum of Liverpool
Learn all about the history and culture of Liverpool.
Open daily 10:00 a.m. -- 5:00 p.m. Free! Liverpool SHOPPING
Liverpool ONE
Find the best shopping in the center of Liverpool at Liverpool ONE, a big shopping center.
Opened in 2008. More than 160 shops, restaurants and cinemas.
,
The question is: We might read the material   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:in a geography textbook
B:in an English dictionary
C:in a travel magazine
D:in a storybookToday Newtown is a very clean place. But many years ago, there were millions of rats in Newtown. They attacked  the cats and dogs. Sometimes a lot of them knocked down a man or woman walking home at night. The rats were very big in size and they hurt many people.
The government   ordered   everybody to kill rats. Most people were lazy, so they did not kill many. Then the government decided to pay some money for each dead rat. That made the people very happy. They killed thousands of rats every day. A government officer put all the dead rats in a big pile . Sometimes a man brought hundreds in one day.
After two weeks there were not many rats in the city, but people still brought many rats to the government office. The government officer thought that people were stealing   dead rats from the pile. He ordered his men to dig a deep hole and put the rats in it. Soon there were no more rats, and the government did not pay any more money.
The question is: The rats in Newtown were   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:as big as cats
B:as dangerous as dogs
C:large and many
D:knocked down by the people thereThere are many kinds of movies in the world. For example: comedies, scary movies, documentaries , soap operas, action movies... People love movies. Comedies make people laugh because they are funny. Scary movies make people frightened   and cry because they are scary. Documentaries bring people knowledge  because they are educational. People like soap operas because they are romantic  . People also like action movies a lot because they are exciting. Different people like different kinds of movies. Girls always like soap operas. Boys like action movies and scary movies. But all girls and boys like comedies.
.
The question is: What kind of movies are educational?
The possible answers are:
A:Action movies.
B:Documentaries.
C:Comedies.
D:Soap operas.Teeth are important. Strong , healthy teeth help you chew  foods that help you grow. They help you speak clearly. And yes ,they help you look best. Here are some tips for you to take care of you teeth:
1. Brush your teeth the right way.
Brush your teeth at least twice a day - after breakfast and before bedtime. If you can, brush after lunch or after sweet snacks, too. Brush all of your teeth, not just the front ones. Spend time brushing teeth along the sides and back of your mouth. Spend at least three minutes each time you brush. Play a song you like to help pass the time. Get a new toothbrush every three months. When you buy toothbrush, be sure it has soft bristles .
2. Learn how to floss  your teeth..
Flossing is a very important way to keep your teeth healthy. Food may hide between two teeth. Flossing can help get rid of it. You'll need to floss your teeth at least once a day.
3. Have good eating habits.
You need to be careful about what you eat and drink. Eating sugar is a major cause of tooth decay . Eat lots of fruits and vegetables and drink water instead of soda .
The question is: What is the major cause of tooth decay?   _
The possible answers are:
A:Not brushing teeth
B:Not changing toothbrush
C:Eating sugar
D:Not flossing teethThis is a room in Kate's house. There is a big bed, a table, a computer and some chairs in it. There's a glass and some books on the table. There is a picture on the wall. Kate is in the room. She is looking at the picture. Her father and mother are in the school. They work hard.
The question is: What's in the room?
The possible answers are:
A:Only a bed.
B:Only a table.
C:Only some chairs.
D:A bed, a table, a computer and some chairs.Once upon a time a married couple celebrated their 25th marriage anniversary . They had become famous in the city for not having a single _ in the period of 25 years. Local newspaper editors had gathered at the occasion to find out the secret of their well known "happy going marriage".
The editor asked, " Sir. It's amazingly unbelievable. How did you make this possible?"
The husband, recalling his old honeymoon days, said, "We had been to Switzerland for honeymoon after marriage. Having selected the horse riding finally, we both started the ride on different horses. My horse was pretty okay but the horse on which my wife was riding seemed to be a crazy one. On the way ahead, that horse jumped suddenly, making my wife fall off. Standing up from the ground, she patted the horse's back and said ' This is your first time'. She again climbed the horse and continued with the ride. After a while, it happened again. This time she again kept calm and said ' This is your second time' and continued. When the horse dropped her the third time, she silently took out the gun from the purse and shot the horse deadl I shouted at my wife, ' What did you do? You killed the poor animal. Are you crazy?' She gave me a silent look and said, ' This is your first timel ' "
The husband added, "That's it. We are happy ever after. "
,.
The question is: Why did the editor want to interview the couple?
The possible answers are:
A:Because they had an accident.
B:Because they have never argued after marriage.
C:Because they had an ordinary marriage anniversary.
D:Because they saved a horse when they were on honeymoon.Last summer I went to India with my family. We spent 10 days traveling around Rajasthan and I will never forget it. We saw lots of things like the Taj Mahal  and we went to a tiger reserve . Our guide was called Krishna and he was really nice especially when I didn't always understand things he would explain it to me and answer all my stupid questions. Also when I got ill with a fever, he was really kind and gave me medicine and got a priest  to give me a _ in a Hindu temple we visited, and then I got well again very quickly.
There were lots of amazing parts of the holiday. One was when we got to ride on elephants in Jaipur. My sister and I rode an elephant called Lucky. We were in a camel cart but Krishna talked to the camel's owner and we were allowed to ride on them, which was really cool. I also really liked the Taj Mahal because it was even prettier than I imagined. My sister lost her shoes. But the people in India are really kind, so we found them again. The weather was really hot which was nice because Krishna gave us lots of time to spend in the pool and relax in-between going to see all the amazing places.
This was the best holiday that I have ever been on. I wish I could come back another year.
The question is: What does the passage mainly talk about?
The possible answers are:
A:A stupid tourist.
B:A kind tour guide.
C:A terrible trip.
D:A holiday experienceMost Americans don't like to get advice from their family. When they need advice, they don't usually ask people they know. They often write letters to newspapers and magazines. And these newspapers and magazines can give advice on many different subjects such as family problems, language learning and how to buy a house and so on.
Most newspapers publish   letters from readers with problems. And they would also publish the answers to the letters. There are many writers giving advice to newspapers. Some of these writers are doctors, and some are teachers or lawyers . One of the best writers is a woman. Although she doesn't have special learning for this kind of work, experience helps her a lot to give advice. She is named Angel. She started writing advice for newspapers at the age of ten. Her advice to young readers now is in acolumn   called DEAR ANGEL in the Philadelphia Bulletin.
The question is: Angel often gives advice to  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:old readers
B:young readers
C:her parents
D:her studentsIt was reported today that in China, 56% of people who write blogs  do so as a personal diary and 83% use their blogs for sending messages to friends. It was also found that there is a strong East- West difference. In places like the US, blogs that offer information on news attract more readers but in China, blogs are more likely to be about sharing personal feelings.
It seems that bloggers can be divided into three types: IT bloggers, bloggers who record their ordinary feelings and media  bloggers.
When blogging first started, the IT people had the technological advantage and they took the chance to put their thoughts on the web. Some of these IT people now have had over a million people read their blogs.
The next wave of bloggers did not have any training as writers or in IT and wrote about normal daily life. Media bloggers, however, are trained writers, such as journalists and editors. When the many media bloggers
, the everyday bloggers lost most of their readers. Media bloggers have the advantage of knowing how to communicate well through the written words.
However, the normal bloggers are still out there and increasing in number. It seems that blogging is the new way to express your feelings. People feel like the world is listening to, or rather reading, their problems, even if they are not.
The question is: _   wrote more blogs at the very beginning .
The possible answers are:
A:IT bloggers
B:Media bloggers
C:Normal bloggers
D:US bloggersWhen Brody Roybal was a baby, he didn't have legs. But that didn't make him feel sad or stop him from trying sports.
He tried different kinds of sports. When he tried sled hockey  at the age of 7, he loved it.
" That was it," says Roybal. He is now 15 and a student in a high school in Chicago. " It's all I wanted to do."
Roybal joined a sled hockey team. At the age of 12, he started playing in an adult  team. It was much harder for him, but he still worked hard.
Now Roybal is a player of the sled hockey team in his country.
O' Connor, manager of the team, says Roybal is very good. " Everybody dreams of going to the Olympic Games and winning the game," O' Connor says. " That's something that I couldn't do, but Roybal can. He is lucky and he can go to the next Olympics."
It's true that when God closes a door, he opens a window for you.
The question is: Roybal began playing in the adult team when he was   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:7
B:8
C:12
D:15Three friends, Tom, David and John, came to New York for their holiday. They stayed in a very large hotel. Their room was on the 45thfloor.
In the evening, the three men went to the cinema and came back to the hotel very late.
"I'm very sorry," said the man of the hotel, "but our lifts  do not work tonight. If you don't want to walk up to your room, I'll make beds for you in the hall . "
"No, thanks," said Tom, "we don't want to sleep in the hall. We will walk up to the 45thfloor. But I know how to make it easier. On the way to our room, I'll tell you some jokes. Then you, David, will sing us some songs. Then you, John, will tell us some stories, all right?"
So they began to walk upstairs. Tom told them many jokes. David sang them some songs. At last they came to the 34thfloor. They were tired and had a rest.
"Well," said Tom. "Now it's your turn, John. After all these jokes and songs, tell us a long and interesting story with a sad ending. "
"OK, I'll tell a sad story," said John, "It's not long but very sad. I forgot to bring the key to our room with me. It's still in the hall. "
The question is: They felt very sad at last because  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:they were tired
B:they lost their key in the cinema
C:the man didn't make beds for them
D:they didn't have the key to the room with themElephants have very strong legs.Their legs are like trees.They usually walk slowly because they are so big,but they walk very quietly.
Wild elephants living in the jungle  usually stay together in big families.Usually one old elephant leads them.The others follow their leader.They usually move about at night,looking for food.In the hot daytime,they go to sleep in the cool shade of the trees.Elephants are kind animals.When one of them is hurt and cannot pull itself to its feet,the other elephants lift it up and help it to walk.
Some people say that elephants never forget.They remember people who are kind or bad to them.There are many about this.
The question is: When elephants stay together,  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:not all the elephants follow their leader
B:the youngest elephant leads them
C:there is a leader
D:None of the above.Tourism wasn't as important as it is today. In the past, only people with a good deal of money could travel on holidays to other countries. More people travel today than in the past because there is a growing middle class in many parts of the world. That is to say, people now have more money for travelling. Special airplane fares for tourists make travel less expensive and more attractive than ever before.
Different people have different reasons for travelling. But most people enjoy seeing countries that are different from their own. They also like to meet new people and enjoy new food.
Tourism has many changes in a country and in people's lives. People build new hotels and restaurants and train local men and women as guides to show visitors interesting places.
The question is: Many more people travel today than in the past because   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:travelling today is easier than in the past
B:people now have spare money for travel
C:great changes have taken place in the world
D:people have become more interested in travellingThe question whether there is life on Mars   has made the public think a lot for more than a century. The closest look showed Mars to be a dusty, cold world, covered by air too thin to breathe. A British spaceship and Europe's Mars spaceship plan to land on Mars or enter orbit   around it. One of the NASA's   spaceships is expected to land on January 3, the other is going to land on the opposite side of Mars on January 24. Since 1960, over twenty spaceships sent to Mars have failed. Most have been lost on flying up or landing because those are the most difficult times of any flights.     Scientists wanted to find out whether there was water in Mars. In October, a team of scientists reported that Mars had been a dry wasteland. But weeks later, a second team reported differently that they had found some marks showed clearly that they were made by the rivers. Such marks told us that Mars was a warmer place billions of years ago -- just as life first appeared here on Earth. Scientists at once raise a question: if what they said is true, what happened on Mars? Then what about the earth?
The question is: The most difficult times of a flight are   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:taking off
B:flying up and arriving
C:entering the orbit and landing
D:leaving the earth and entering the orbitWelcome to Franklin Hotel! We will make your stay here as enjoyable as possible. We hope we will give you the best service.
*Room Service: You can use the service 24 hours a day.
*Dining Room: You can have three meals a day in the dining room. Breakfast is from 8:00 to 9:30. Also the room waiter may bring breakfast to your room at any time after 7:00. If you need, please fill in a card and hang it outside your room before 6:00. Lunch is from 12:00 to 14:00. Dinner is from 18:30 to 20:30.
*Telephone: There is a telephone in your room. Dial "0" before you make a call. We will tell you to wait a moment if the lines are busy.
*Shop: The hotel shop is open from 9:00 to 17:30.
*Coffee House: You can drink coffee here at the following times: 12:00 to 14:00, 20:00 to 23:30.
*Other services: There is a cinema in the hotel. A film begins at 19:00 on Sundays and Wednesdays. Hot water is offered 24 hours.
The question is: If you want to have a meal in your room, what will you do?
The possible answers are:
A:Put a message outside the room.
B:Phone the service desk.
C:Go to the hotel shop to buy some food.
D:Go to the hotel dining room.I'm a boy. My name is Tom White. I am ten years old. I am in Class 2, Grade 1. I'm in No. 1 Middle School. My teacher is Mr. Wu. I have a good friend at school He is Jim Green. Jim is his first name and Green is his last name. He is ten, too. But he is in Class 1, Grade 1. His teacher is Miss Wang.
, .
The question is: Tom is Tom White's   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:first name
B:last name
C:number
D:family nameDou Kou, a Chinese boy, is called "the youngest writer in the world" .He has written 3 books now.
Dou Kou was born in Jiangsu Province in 1994. When he was 7 months old, his parents started working in over 30 different cities, such as Xi'an and Shenzhen .This kind of life gave him things to think
and write about.
When Dou Kou was 9 months old, he could speak and at the age of one he could say five to six hundred words. At 3, he could look up words in the dictionary. At 4, his father taught him to learn something. His parents like reading very much. So does he. At the age of 5, he began writing fairy tales
 .
His fairy tales are all from his life. One day ,he found many mice in the house. They not only ate their food but also hurt his mother's hand. So he thought, "lf we give mice the stomachs  of cows, they'll eat grass and it'll be helpful to people. " This was his first fairy tale Change, Stomach for Mice.
At 6, he wrote a novel about his own life in different cities with his parents.
Now, he studies well in a middle school. He has written his third book, the novel- called Eyes of Childhood .
The question is: How many books has Dou Kou written?
The possible answers are:
A:Three.
B:Four.
C:Five.
D:SixThe designer of the Apple Computer, Steve Jobs, was not quite successful in his early years. He was not among the best students at school, and from time to time he got into trouble with either his schoolmates or his teachers. But he was full of new ideas, which few people saw the _ of. Things remained the same when he went up to college and he dropped out halfway.
Steve Jobs worked first as a video game designer at Atari. He worked there for only a few months and then he set out to tour India. He hoped that the trip would give him more ideas and give him a change in life for the better.
After he returned from India, he begin to live on a farm in California. And then, in 1975, Steve Jobs set about making a new type of computer. Along with his friend Stephen Wozniak, he designed the Apple Computer in his bedroom and built it in his garage . He gave the name "Apple" because it reminded him of a happy summer he once on an orchard  in Oregon.
His Apple Computer was so successful that Steve Jobs soon became worldwide famous. But unluckily, he died of illness in 2011.
The question is: Steve Jobs named his computer company "Apple" because  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:apple was his favorite fruit
B:he designed the computer under an apple tree
C:he wanted to remember the happy time on the orchard
D:the computer was designed on the orchardWhen people think of food in the United States, they think mostly of fast foods like hamburgers and hot dogs. In fact, in the U.S. cities like New York and Los Angeles, there are thousands of different kinds of restaurants with foods from all over the world.
So if you like to try different foods, the United States is the place for you. The United States has people from all over the world, and they bring with them typical foods from their countries. You can eat tempura in Japanese restaurants, tacos in Mexican restaurants, paella in Spanish restaurants, pasta in Italian restaurants, and you can also eat America's most popular food, pizza.
Yes, pizza! Pizza is from Italy, but today it is an important part of the U.S. menu. There are about 58,000 pizzerias in the United States--that's about 17% of all restaurants in the country, and the number is growing.
The United States has eating places for all tastes--and all pockets. You can buy a hot dog on the street and pay one or two dollars. Or you can go to a four-star restaurant and pay $200 for a dinner
The question is: From the text we know that in America  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:only rich people can go out to eat
B:all of the people can enjoy the food
C:not all the people can go out to eat
D:only a few people can enjoy the foodMore than a hundred years ago, an American produced   a game. He called it indoor tennis. The Americans were not interested in it at first so he sent it to his London friends and it became very popular   in Britain. The game was then played across the dining-room table or on the floor with the net hung between two chairs. In the early days ,the balls were made of cork   or rubber. The bats  were made of wood.
A few years later a hollow   ball like the one we use today was invented. The game then quickly spread all over the world. An Englishman once made a bat covered with rubber. He first played the game in England and called it "ping - pong". "Ping" was the sound of the bat when it hit the ball, and "pong" was the sound of the ball when it hit the table.
The question is: Who invented the game of ping-pong?
The possible answers are:
A:A Chinese.
B:An Englishman.
C:An American.
D:We don't know.The Save the Children Fund is known as Save the Children. It is an internationally organization that protects children's rights and helps support children in developing countries. It was set up in the United Kingdom in 1919 in order to improve the lives of children through better education, health care, and economic chances, it also provides food and water for the children in natural disasters, war, and other serious situations.
Except for the UK organization, there are 30 other national Save the Children organizations who are members of Save the Children International, a global network of charity organizations supporting local partners in over 120 countries around the world.
Save the Children helps the local government change so that it can help young people get more rights, it works very well, especially with the support from the UN. Save the Children joins all the members' efforts to protect children from the effects of war.
The question is: Which of the following is NOT the aim of Save the Children.
The possible answers are:
A:To protect children's rights.
B:To help children's parents get more jobs.
C:To support children in developing countries.
D:To improve the lives of children in poor countries.Dear Alan,
Guess what? I have a chance to choose my new place to live in! I'm excited and a little nervous. Could you please give me some help?
I'm not sure whether I will live in a house or in an apartment. On the one hand, a house will be too big for just one person, so maybe I should rent an apartment. On the other hand, if I rent  a house, I could find someone else to share with me. The only problem is that a house full of people might be too noisy for me. I prefer to have my own space. The city has some nice apartments, but they are also too expensive. However, if I could find a two-bedroom apartment and get a roommate, that would make it more affordable .I just need to search for a roommate who is neat and quiet. You know I can't live with someone who is loud and messy. I don't have a car, so I also need to think carefully about the location. I probably need to look for somewhere near a bus stop or an underground station. That way I will have more time to study and spend less time traveling.
I'm looking forward to your reply.
Love,
Victor
The question is: If Victor finds a roommate, he will  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:waste money
B:buy a car
C:save money
D:have more time to studyAlmost everyone likes dogs, and almost everyone likes to read about dogs. I have friend. He has a big police dog with the name Jack. Police dogs are very clever. Every Sunday afternoon my friend takes jack for along walk in the park. Jack likes these long walks very much. One Sunday afternoon a young man came to visit my friend. He stayed a long time. He talked and talked. Soon it was time for my friend to take Jack for walk. But the visitor still stayed. Jack became much worried. He walked around the room several times and then sat down in front of the visitor and looked at him. But the visitor paid no attention to Jack. He went on talking. At last Jack got angry. He went out of the room and came back a few minutes later. He sat down again in front of the visitor, but this time he took the visitor's cap in his mouth.
The question is: At last Jack took   _   in his mouth.
The possible answers are:
A:food
B:nothing
C:the visitor's cap
D:the visitor's bagJohnny lived with his mother and father in a small town in the mountains
One day there was an earthquake near the town. Many houses were damaged . Everyone thought that there would soon be another earthquake.
They were worried that the second earthquake would be worse than the first.
"We must send Johnny to a safe place," Johnny's mother said to her husband. "Many of our friends are sending their children to relatives  in other towns,'
"We'll send him to my brother, Peter," Johnny's father said. "He lives a long way away. Johnny will be safe with him.'
He telephoned Johnny's Uncle Peter and asked him if he would let Johnny live with him.
"He's a good boy," he said. "He won't give you any trouble.'
"All right,' Johnny's Uncle Peter said, "but I'm not used to children. I live a very quiet and peaceful life."
"You won't know Johnny's in the house," his father told him.
So Johnny, who was five, went to live with his uncle.
Two days later, his mother and father received a telegram from Peter.
It said: "I am returning the child. Please send an earthquake."
The question is: Why did Johnny's parents send him away?
The possible answers are:
A:He was a naughty   boy.
B:Their house was damaged.
C:They did not want him to get hurt.
D:His uncle wanted to see him.Michael Jackson was one of the world's best singers. He was born in the middle west of the city of Gary, Indiana,in 1958. He began singing with his four brothers. They called the group, "The Jackson Five". The group became very popular after appearing on a television program. In 1970 the group made their their first record with the name of I Want You Back. It was very popular. One of their hit records was Never Say Goodbye.
Michael was good at dancing as well as singing, for example, his dance moves and moon walking. He was asked to act in a film in 1978 for the first time, and in the same year he made a record on his own, which was sold eight million _ all over the world.
Michael nearly didn't go out because he was too famous. Once his fans went off in a faint when they saw him at the concert. No one can do it by now. He lived in a large house and kept lots of animals. He never ate meat. He often raised money for charity. This made him win the Guinness world Records in 2006. He died on June 25th, 2009, but he would live in our hearts forever.
The question is: What's the name of their first record?
The possible answers are:
A:Never Say Goodbye
B:See You, See Me
C:I Want You Back
D:On the worldNick and his friends were talking about things that can bring them luck  . "I have a lucky red pen," said Andrea. "I have a lucky penny ," said Manuel. Every time I want to do really well in tests, I carry my lucky penny." Nick thought for a moment, and answered, "My blue socks." "Blue socks?" the boys were surprised and asked together. Nick said that every time he wore his blue socks to school before a test, he got a good mark.
The next day Nick would have a Chinese test. He was sad because he couldn't find his blue socks to wear to school. "Mom!" shouted Nick. "Where are my blue socks? I will have a Chinese test, and I need to wear them." "Don't be silly," Nick's mom said. "They need to be washed." "When I wear them, I get a good grade," Nick said. "Did you prepare for your test?" asked Mom. "Yes." "Then don't worry about it. Just do your best," Mom encouraged. Nick was worried about his test because his lucky socks would not help him.
A few days later, Nick's teacher told him that he got 95 in his test. Nick was so excited that he couldn't wait to tell Mom how well he did in his test. Mom said, "It wasn't the blue socks that made you successful. It was made by yourself."
The question is: _  brings Andrea luck.
The possible answers are:
A:A lucky penny
B:A red pen
C:A pair of socks
D:None of the aboveRed Star Restaurant
The biggest and busiest restaurant in Jinan is seeking 20 waiters who have relevant   experiences in high-grade restaurants. About Y=800--1,500 per month.
Red Star Restaurant is located at 66 on Park Street.
Our phone number is 0531-8278-4560.
3 People wanted
Need 3 people who would like to work 4 evenings per week showing films. Earn $300 per week possibly. Call 469-867-6042.
Baby-sitter wanted
For a year. 3 days a week. Some flexible   hours required.
Knowledge: above senior middle school.
Call 0431-478-9971.
The question is: What kind of people are needed in the second advertisement?
The possible answers are:
A:Film actors.
B:Film makers
C:People to show films.
D:Film actresses.Dear Abby,
I'm a helpless mother.My son Tom is 15 years old.I find that the older he grows,the less we talk.I feel very sad and I really need help.
My first problem is about his hobbies.He spends almost all his spare time on computer games.When he gets home.he always turns on the computer and closes the door.I'm getting worried about him,especially when his English teacher tells me he always gets low marks in the English exams.
Second,he likes new technology,but I don't have enough money and I can't afford all the things he wants.
Recently,I've found that he is always alone.I've never seen him talking to his friends on the phone or going out with anyone on weekends.That is the last problem I have.
What should I do to help him?Please give me some advice.
A helpless mother
The question is: The helpless mother has  _  problems.
The possible answers are:
A:two
B:three
C:four
D:fiveSam likes eating fish very much. He often buys fish in the shop and takes them home. One day his wife sees the fish and thinks, "Good! Now, I can ask my friends to have lunch and we can eat the fish. They like fish very much."
When Sam comes home from work in the evening, the fish is not there and his wife says, "Oh, your cat eats it." And then she gives him some bread for his supper. Sam is angry. He thinks his wife _ . He takes the cat and his wife to a shop near his house and weighs  the cat. Then he turns to his wife and says, "My fish weighs one kilo. The cat weighs one kilo, too. My cat is here, you see, then, where is my fish?"
The question is: Which is RIGHT according to  the story?
The possible answers are:
A:Sam doesn't like eating fish at all.
B:The friends of Sam's wife eat the fish.
C:Sam often buys some fish for his cat.
D:Sam's cat always eats fish before he comes back.Found:
A black pen is in the library. Is it yours? I am Lucy. E-mail me at lucy556@hotmail.com.
Lost:
I am Anna. I lost my computer game. It is blue. My telephone number is 471-4295. Call me! Thanks!
Lisa,
Is this your dictionary? Your name is on it. I found it in Classroom 6A.
Tom
Found:
I found a ring. It is nice. Please e-mail me at frank996@gmail.com.
Frank
The question is: What is Anna's telephone number?
The possible answers are:
A:It's 470-4294.
B:It's 471-4295.
C:It's 471-4394.
D:It is 470-4293.Kate is an English girl. She lives in a tall building in the city of London. There are sixteen floors in the building, and she lives on the tenth floor. She uses a lift to go up and down. Kate studies in a middle school near her house and she works hard. She goes to school early. Every day she leaves her home at half past six. She walks to the lift, and it takes her down to the first floor. There is a bus stop near the building. Usually she takes No.7 bus to her school, but sometimes she goes on foot. It is only four kilometers to her school from the building. She gets to school at about seven twenty. Classes begin at eight. She goes to play games at three forty. She gets home at a quarter past five. She begins to do her homework at eight and finishes it at half past nine.
The question is: She goes up and down the building   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:in lift
B:by a lift
C:by lift
D:use a liftDo you want to have a trip? Hope Farm can give you a nice experience this autumn.
On the farm, you can meet animals and take a walk through the garden and greenhouse. How about making friends with the plants there? Our teachers will tell you the differences or _ of all the plants. You can also take a look at the honeybees, learn more about then and maybe even taste some honey! There is a hill beside the farm. Picking apples at the foot of the hill is an interesting activity. After that, how about climbing it with your friends? You are able to see the fantastic view at the top of the hill.
The price of each trip is $50 for a group of ten students. You can visit the traveling club in our school to order a trip.
The question is: This passage introduces a trip for  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:poor families
B:foreign travelers
C:students at school
D:old peopleFrom: _ Sent: Wed., Oct. 19
To: _ 
Subject: Hello!
Hi, Liam!
So you're my new pen friend. Let me tell you a bit about myself. I'm 14 years old and I live in
Calgary, Canada. I have two older brothers, Brian and Sam. I'm the only girl.
I love sports and I'm always looking for exciting new hobbies to try. I like playing baseball in winter.
It's fun beating the boys! But summer is my favourite time of the year. I love skateboarding and
rock climbing in summer.
Skateboarding's great because it's so fun and easy to learn! I often skateboard after school. There
are many places in the park where I can do stunts. I'm good at stunts like jumping and turning the
skateboard!
Rock climbing is also really fun. I usually climb with my dad on weekends. We can't do it on real
mountains very often because we live in the city. We do indoor rock climbing instead but it's not as
challenging.
So that's me! How about you? Please write back soon!
Bye for now!
Anne
The question is: The writer sent this emailin order to
The possible answers are:
A:describe some exciting sports
B:look for a suitable pen friend
C:make a self-introduction
D:show others his/her hobbiesDavid Beckham, a well-known football player, was born in London on May 2nd, 1975. He is about 1.8 metres tall. He is very strong and big. He is very quite a good football player. He scored a lot of goals for his old team---- the National Football Team of England  . He joined the Real Madrid   after he left  his old team. He wants to play football in Pairs in the next World Cup.
The question is: What is David Bechham like?   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:Football
B:Basketball
C:Big and strong
D:Quite and tallMicrosoft founder Bill Gates has talked about to be a good parent, saying that 13 is a right age for a child's first mobile phone. The 57-year-old father of three said on the Today show that his children Jennifer and Rory were not allowed phones until their thirteen birthday and his youngest daughter Phoebe is still waiting for one.
"We've made a rule in our family that it's 13 when you get a phone." He also said as a resulthischild often returned homefromschool complaining, "All the other kids have it, I'm the only without it, it's so embarrassing."
Asked if he keeps passwords   to his son and daughters' e-mail and Facebook accounts  . Mr Gates said that he doesn't for Jennifer, 16, who he says is "old enough".
Besides their wealth Mr and Mrs Gates ,who live in Lake Medina, have said they want to raise
their three children as usually as possible. It is said that their kids have to do housework at home after school and aren't given much pocket money.
And in 2010Mr Gates said that he wanted to give most of his $61 billion away rather than hand it down. "That wouldn't be good either for my kids or society," he said.
Mr Gates left Microsoft in 2008 to put his heart to charity. During the Today interview with host Matt Lauer, he said that helping others made him feel happy as creating software.
" What you really feel is what you've achieved. If a piece of software gets out there and lots of people love it--it lets them get their work down in better ways--that's exciting." he replied.
The question is: Which of the following is TRUE?
The possible answers are:
A:Bill's children like his idear about a child's first cell phone.
B:Bill Gates is still working for Microsoft.
C:Bill's children have to do housework after school.
D:Bill's children are given much pocket moneyIt can be dangerous to travel by sea. Ships sometimes sink  far away from land. When this happens, the sailors  have to get into small boats. If another ship does not come and help them and they do not have enough food or water, they will die.
Most people believe we must not drink sea water. They believe that if we do, we shall be very ill because of all the salt in the water. A doctor called Alain Bombard did not believe this. He thought that people could stay alive by drinking sea water and eating small fish, animals and plants from the sea. On 19 October 1953, he set out in a small boat to cross the Atlantic Ocean . He did not take any food or water with him.
Every day Dr. Bombard drank just a little sea water. He also caught fish and they had water in them. He drank this water. He could not cook the fish, so he ate them as they were. He took small plants from the sea, which gave him more food.
Dr. Bombard became hot, tired and quite ill, but after 65days at sea he was still alive. He traveled 2,750 miles from one side of the Atlantic Ocean to the other, and on 24th,December 1953, he reached Barbados.
He lost 20 kilos, but he showed that people could live on sea water, the animals and plants in the sea.
The question is: He went across   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:a large ocean
B:a town
C:a boat
D:a shipI started to study English when I was a child because of Michael Jackson. He has been my idol   since 1991. I really wanted to understand him and his music. I used to use a dictionary to learn the meanings of words of songs written by him.
There was a lot of work to do to learn English, but I never felt tired. At first I learned about pronunciation, which was the hardest part for me. Because music was my
only source   of spoken English, sometimes I had to use a pronunciation dictionary. Then I made lists of words in order to remember them and their meanings. I would spend hours learning English grammar. What's more, I read a lot. I also tried to translate texts, dialogues and songs.
Because of my hard work, my English improved a lot. In the end, I entered a college and had a great chance to further improve my English. Now I am an English teacher. And I am still making progress in English.
The question is: The author started to study English to   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:enter a college
B:be an English teacher
C:sing English songs
D:know about Michael Jackson and his musicMy dad was a plumber  for the public works department in our town, so from time to time he came into my school. Can you imagine sitting in class and seeing your dad walk past the door of your classroom and wave his hand at you? In junior high?
One girl in our class always made fun of me because my dad was a plumber and hers was a lawyer , and she would say things like, "Ew, that's gross !" I must admit I was sometimes embarrassed by what my dad did, especially in my early teens, when the only thing I really cared about was what the other girls thought.
The girl lived a few streets away from us, and one winter day---the day her elder sister was getting married---the toilet in their main upstairs bathroom broke and there was water everywhere. Her father, the lawyer called every plumber in the Yellow Page, but nobody would come and because we were having a major snowstorm. Her daughter told him that my father was a plumber, and he called, and my dad went right over---and took me with him.(Maybe he was hoping that the lawyer's daughter would be nicer to me.) My father fixed the toilet, help them clean up everything, and didn't take much time for his trouble. But as we were leaving, he told the girl, "If I ever need a lawyer, I'll be happy to call your dad."
As we walked to our car, he said to me, "Do you believe he didn't know where the main shut-off valve  was? What a dumb ass!"
From that point on, her dad was known in school as Lawyer Dumb Ass.
When my husband and I bought our house, the first thing my dad showed him was the main shut-off valve.
I have always been proud to say that I'm a plumber's daughter.
The question is: Why couldn't the lawyer find anybody to fix the toilet on that winter day?
The possible answers are:
A:He had little money
B:All the plumbers were too busy to come
C:There was a major snowstorm and nobody would come out
D:One of his daughters was getting married and the house was in a messIn the United States, every year, Thanks-giving Day is on the fourth Thursday in November. Because Canada is on the north of the United States, and is colder, the harvest comes earlier  in the year. In Canada, people have Thanksgiving Day on the second Monday in October.
The harvest brings a lot of food to the people. On Thanksgiving Day people in Canada and America like to have a big meal with their friends and family just like Chinese people do at Mid-autumn festival. Many Canadians and Americans put flowers, vegetables and fruits around their homes to say "Thank you" for the harvest. At a Thanksgiving Day dinner, many Canadians and Americans will eat turkey, potatoes, and pumpkin pie. These are food like the food of many years ago. They are saying "Thank you" for the harvest that comes every year.
The question is: _   celebrates the Thanksgiving Day like the U.S.A. .
The possible answers are:
A:China
B:Canada
C:Korea
D:JapanMarry is eight years old now. This autumn she begins to go to school. She likes her teachers and has some friends. She studies hard and is good at her classes. So we think she's a good girl.
It's Sunday today. It's fine and after breakfast the girl and her parents are going to the zoo. She likes to watch the animals very much. Now they're standing at the bus stop and waiting for the bus. She sees her friend Jim and his grandpa there.
"Good morning, grandpa!" says the girl. "Are you going to the zoo, too?"
"Yes, we are," says the old man. Then he says to Mary's father, "You have a polite daughter. How old is she?"
"Eight, grandpa." answers the girl.
"Eight?" the old man says with a smile. "But you're shorter than my stick!"
"How old is your stick, then?" says the girl.
The question is: Mary is in Grade   _   now.
The possible answers are:
A:One
B:Two
C:Three
D:FourIf you think you are too shy and want to be a little bit braver, just try the following things:
You can make it. Tell people you are shy. There is no need to hide it. When they get to know you are a shy kid, they will understand you better. This also helps feel more _ in talks.
Try to smile more. When you smile, people think you are friendly and easy to talk with. Remember that other people have feelings, too; and most people will stay away from an angry--looking face.
Learn to be a good talker. If you find it hard to start a conversation, say something nice about people around you. Think about how great you feel when someone says something nice to you. Doesn't it make you want to keep talking to that person?
Get your attention elsewhere. Think more about ways to enjoy parties or games. Don't waste time worrying about your book or whether people like you or not.
Take one small step at a time. Each time when you say: "Hi!" or smile at someone, say to yourself: "You can make it." Keep trying and one day you'll never feel shy when you talk to others.
The question is: If you find it difficult to start a talk, you can   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:say nothing but smile
B:say something nice about others around you
C:look others up and down
D:tell others you are a shy personI think it's hard for a teenager to live in the modern society. For example, how to go to school is a problem I often worry about. Every afternoon, my father picks me up at the gate of the school. Many parents pick up their children, too.  Most of them drive private cars. Of all the cars, Anna's father's car is the best. Anna seems to have a very rich father. She always has beautiful dresses, shoes and bags. Besides these, she is also very beautiful. But she has no friends in school. When other students are playing, she never joins them. I don't like her because she is too perfect. It makes me uncomfortable to make friends with her. She seems to have everything.
One afternoon, when I went to my father's car, I saw a small thing fall out of Anna's bag.  So I called her quickly. However, she didn't look back and kept going. I felt very angry with her.
During the dinner, my father asked me, "Why do you look unhappy?"
"Today I saw something fall out of Anna's bag, so called her.  But she didn't answer me. She is _ . " said angrily.
"Oh, I know that girl. She has no friends and is unhappy because she was born deaf. I'm sure that she didn't hear you. "
What my father said suddenly woke me up. Because she is deaf, she does not talk or play with anyone at school.  She seems to have everything, but in fact she doesn't.
Not everyone is perfect, even the perfect man has his weakness.
The question is: The writer goes home  _  every afternoon.
The possible answers are:
A:by bus
B:on foot
C:by car
D:by subwayLife comes in a package.This package includes happiness and sadness, failure and success, hope and _ .Life is a learning process.Experiences in life teach us new lessons and make us a better person.With each passing day we learn to deal with various situations.
Love plays a main role in our life.Love makes you feel wanted.Without love a person could become cruel.In the early stage of our life, our parents are the ones who show us with love and care.They teach us about what is right and wrong, good and bad.But we don't always care about it.It is only after marriage and having kids that a person understands others' feelings.
Happiness can bring people a peaceful mind.No mind is happy without peace.Sadness is the cause of the death of a loved one or the failure.But all of these things will pass away.
Failure is the path to success.It helps us to touch the sky, teaches us to survive and shows us a specific way.Success brings in money, pride and self-respect.
Hope is what keeps life going.Parents always hope their children will do well.Hope makes us dream.Hope builds in patience.Life teaches us not to despair even in the darkest hour, because after every night there is a day.
Life teaches us not to regret over yesterday, for it has passed and is out of our control.Tomorrow is unknown, for it could either be bright or dark. _
The question is: What's the meaning of the last sentence of the whole passage?
The possible answers are:
A:When choosing between "today" and "tomorrow", you'd better enjoy tomorrow.
B:If you work hard today, you'll have a better life in the future.
C:What you can only choose is to work hard today rather than tomorrow.
D:The only choice you make is that you should enjoy a better tomorrow.Pollution means adding dirty or harmful things to land, air, water and so on. As a result, they are no longer pleasant or safe to use. Pollution is bad for animals and plants, and it even makes people's health in danger. In our daily life, we can see different kinds of pollution in many places. There are three main forms of pollution: land pollution, air pollution and water pollution.
Land pollution is caused by solid waste, such as cans, bottles and some plastic things which aren't broken down quickly. It makes the environment look very bad. However, air pollution is more serious than land pollution. It is much worse in cities and towns because of the fumes  from traffic and the waste from human activities. When people drive their cars, fumes which are most made up of CO2, NO2 and SO2 are given off. After the gases get into the air, they may mix with clouds. Then they will become some harmful chemicals   falling on the ground with rain. It is one of the reasons for soil erosion   which is one example of water pollution.
Various kinds of pollution will cause many health problems. People have realized they must change this serious situation. There are many ways to control pollution. To develop alternative energy is very popular in many countries. China, for example, has made up its mind to be a leader in this field. It is trying hard to make full use of energy from the sun and wind. It has paid plenty of money to make electric cars and trains instead of traditional traffic. We should also take action to make our environment cleaner every day. Take cloth bags while going shopping and drive cars less. We have only one earth. We must take steps now to help protect our environment for the future wherever we are.
The question is: To make our environment cleaner, we shouldn't   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:use cloth bags while shopping
B:ride a bike to school
C:drive a car out every day
D:go to work on footJohn is six years old.  He can read and write well. But he can't tell the time. His mother, Mrs Brown teaches him many times, but he still can't tell. He would say "breakfast time" "lunchtime" and "teatime" instead of   saying eight o'clock, twelve o'clock and four o'clock in the afternoon. His mother doesn't know how to help him
One day, John's aunt, Mary, comes to see his mother. His mother tells her about that. His aunt says, "Let me help you. I think I can help him."
When John comes home after school, Mary begins  to teach him.
"Can you _ , John?" she asks.
"Yes. One, two, three, four..." John says.
"That's fine. Now I put the long hand  on twelve and the short hand on one-that is one o'clock  If I put the short hand on two, what is the time?"
"Two o'clock "
"Good. And on three?"
"Three o'clock. "
Then it is four o'clock in the afternoon, and John's aunt asks him, "What time is it now, John?"
"Teatime, Aunt, and I am very hungry ," John looks at the clock and answers.
The question is: When it's twelve o'clock John says it's  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:breakfast time
B:lunchtime
C:teatime
D:supper timeAmerican boys and girls like watching TV. Some children spend six hours a day at school and four to six hours a day in front of the TV sets. Some children even watch TV for eight hours or more on Saturday.
Television is like books and films . A child can learn good things and bad things from it. Some TV _ help children to understand the news, the people and places from other countries. With TV, children do not have to go out to see films, they can hear interesting music or watch a game at home. But some programs are bad for children, so parents sometimes help them to find other interesting and useful things to do.
The question is: In America, some children spend eight hours or more   _   on Saturday .
The possible answers are:
A:studying
B:playing games
C:watching TV
D:helping their parentsThe students of Class Three are going hiking for their fieldtrip. Hiking is good for people's health. Many hikers like to hike in the countryside, forest   and mountains. Just walking for fun is the first kind of hiking. Many people like to hike in the parks or just on the sidewalks.
A hike can take a few hours or weeks. For most hiking, people just need clothes and shoes that are good for the weather. At the beginning hikers should start with walks that they can do in one day. As you get stronger, you can go on overnight hikes. Later you can go longer than that. You can make your hiking last   a few days or weeks.
For safety  , hikers should hike with someone. You should have one or two friends with you. It is also a good idea to carry a map.
Backpacking is another kind of hiking. People carry food, clothes and other things on their backs in packs. Backpackers can stay many days in the places where there is no food to buy. They carry what they need on their backs.
Now put on your hiking shoes and take a hike.
The question is: Many hikers like hiking in the   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:mountains
B:forest
C:countryside
D:all of the aboveIs the world too crowded? Well, that's a hard question to answer. It's all a matter of perspective .In Montana, you might drive for a mile in any direction and not see another human being. In Macao, 60,000 people live in every square mile!
What is true is that the world's population doesn't stay the same. It has been increasing at a very fast rate .That's in part because in each generation  these are more people who then have children than in the last generation.
Five hundred years ago, the population of the world was about 460 million. In 1900,the world's population was under 2 billion .Right now it is doubling every 40 years. That means, if this rate of growth continues, when you are a parent, there will be twice as many people on earth as there are now. Wow! Now that's a whole lot of people! Soon the world's population will probably reach 7 billion. Some people worry about that! But there is a lot of disagreement about just how many people on earth equals  too many people. But everyone agrees that the more people there are, the more resources  the world needs to feed, house and take care of all of them, and the more need there is to think carefully about how we live and use the earth's resources.
The question is: The writer thinks that with the population increasing, we should   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:find more resources
B:use more resources
C:think about our ways of living
D:move to other placesThe world is not hungry, but it is thirsty. It seems strange that nearly 3/4 of the earth is covered with water while we say we are short of   water. Why? Because about 97% of water on the earth is sea water which we can't drink or use for watering plants directly. Man can only drink and use the 3%--- the water that comes from rivers and lakes. And we can't even use all of that, because some of it has been polluted.
Now more water is needed. The problem is: Can we avoid a serious water shortage   later on?
First we should all learn how to save water. Secondly, we should find out the ways to _ it. Scientists have always been making studies in the field. Today, in most large cities water is used only once and then runs to the sea or rivers. But it can be used again. Even if every large city reused its water, still there would not be enough. What could people turn to next?
The sea seems to have the best answer. There is a lot of water in the sea. All that needs to be done is to get the salt out of the sea water. This is expensive, but it's already used in many parts of the world. Scientists are trying to find a cheaper way of doing it. So you see, if we can find a way out, we'll be in no danger of drying up.
,,.
The question is: The name of the passage would be   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:The Sea Water
B:How to Save Water
C:The Thirsty World
D:The Polluted WaterSingles Day  falls on every November 11th, and as the name suggests, this holiday is one specially for people who are still living the single life. It's surprising that China is the only country in the world that has set up a special day for singles to celebrate  their lives. To find out more about this celebration, read on.
An old story goes that once there were four single men, leading very boring lives. None of them were married , or had lovers, or did anything exciting. They just sat around all day and played Mahjong .
One day they played Mahjong from 11am until 11 pm. During the game, no matter who won, the winning card was always the 'Sitiao' card. And that day happened to be November 11th. In order to remember the day, they called it Singles Day.
For breakfast on Singles Day, singles often eat four youtiao, which means the four "ones" in "11.11". Many singles also choose to say goodbye to their single lives on this day. So they take part in _ , trying to find someone they love and many people choose to marry on this day. Besides the meaning of 'single', the four 'ones' of the date can also mean the 'only one' in one's heart.
The question is: Which of the following is NOT true according to the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:Singles Day is on November 11th.
B:Singles Day is celebrated by no countries but China.
C:Singles Day is for people who are still living the single life.
D:Singles Day should be celebrated by playing Marjong from 11am to 11pm.When you are learning English, listening, speaking and writing are important, but reading can also be very helpful. When you read, you can not only learn some new words, but also learn how to use these English words. When you read, it gives you a good example for writing.
Good reading tips:
Try to read at the right level  . Read something that you can (more or less) understand. If you need to stop every three words to use a dictionary, it is not interesting.
Try to increase   the number of your new words. If there are four or five new words on a page, write them in your notebook. But you don't have to write them while you read. Instead, try to guess their meanings as you read: mark   them with a pen. Then come back when you have finished reading to look them up in a dictionary and write them in your own vocabulary   book. Then try to remember them.
Try to read regularly. For example, read for a short time once a day. Fifteen minutes every day is better than two hours every Sunday. Fix   a time to read and keep to it. You could read for fifteen minutes when you go to bed, or when you get up or at lunchtime.
Read what interests you. Choose a book or a magazine about a subject that you like, because you are going to spend time and money reading it. So, choose an interesting book. You can also read newspapers. There are many English newspapers in China. For example, 21st Century Teens. It is easy enough for you to understand. There is something interesting in it.
The question is: If you meet a few new words on a page while reading,   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:give up reading
B:guess the meanings at first
C:write them down at once
D:look them up in a dictionary at onceOnce upon a time,a hippo  lived in a river next to a big tree.
One day,a bird came and nested  in the tree.The songs of the bird filled the hippo with so much envy  that he couldn't think of anything else.Every day he would think why he wasn't born to be a bird even though the bird told him many times he was so lucky to be so big and such a good swimmer.
Finally,the hippo made up his mind that he would come out of the river,climb the tree and start singing.However,when he tried to climb the tree,it was very clear that the hippo didn't have wings,nor claws to climb with.
Realizing that he would never climb up the tree,he angrily hit the tree until it came crashing to the ground.Then he stepped onto the leaves of the fallen tree,and began singing.
Unfortunately,hippos can't sing,either.All that came from his mouth were terrible noises,and when the other animals heard this,they all came around to make fun of the hippo.
He was so ashamed by this.He also felt bad about having knocked the tree over.He used all his strength to raise the tree back up again,and look after it until it completely recovered. .
The question is: The hippo in this story  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:was happy all the time
B:did not respect his friends
C:liked to talk a lot but did nothing
D:corrected his mistake when he realized itBirthday Traditions in Different Countrles[
England
Certain symbolic objects are mixed into the birthday cake as it's being prepared. If your piece of cake has a coin in it,then you will be rich. Also, when it's your birthday,your friends give you the"bumps".They lift you in the air by your hands and feet and raise you up and down to the floor;one for each year you lived,then another one or two for luck.
Denmark
A flag is flown outside a window to show that someone who lives in that house is having a birthday. Presents are placed around the child's bed while he/she is sleeping,so he/she will see them at once upon awakening.
Holland
Special year birthdays such as 5,10,15,20,21 are called"crown"years.The birthday child receives an especially large gift on a crown year birthday.The family also decorates the birthday child's chair at the dining room table with flowers,paper streamers and balloons.
Canada
The birthday child's nose is greased with butter for good luck.The greased nose makes the child too slippery for bad luck to catch him/her.In some parts of Canada,the birthday person even receives a punch for each year he/she is alive and then one for good luck.
Brazil
The birthday child receives a pull on the ear for each year he/she has been alive.The birthday person also gives the first plece of cake to his/her most special friend or relative,usually mom or dad.
Korea
There is a big family party on the first birthday.The table is set with food,and four items:a pencil,a ruler,thread,and money. The item that the baby chooses is said to forecast his/her future:excellent student,good with hands,long life or riches.
South Africa
On the twenty-first birthday,a key made of anything from paper to silver to gold is presented by the parents as a sign that the child is ready to unlock the door to their future.
The question is: In which countries do people celebrate their 21st birthday specially?
The possible answers are:
A:Canada and England.
B:Denmark and Korea.
C:Brazil and Holland.
D:Holland and South Africa.A young man once went to town and bought himself a pair of trousers. When he got home, he found that they were about two inches longer.
He went to the kitchen, there his mother and two sisters were doing housework. He said to them, "The new trousers are too long. Could one of you help me to shorter them by two inches?" But they were too busy. They said nothing and were still working.
After his mother finished washing all plates, she shortened the trousers by two inches. Then one of his sisters remember his trousers and shortened them by two inches. When the other sister came back home from cinema, she also remembered the new trousers. "I nearly forgot that." She thought. Then she shortened them by two inches.
The question is: The new trousers were too   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:long
B:short
C:big
D:smallLin Dehua, boy, 13
School should make our lunchtime longer. Now, our lunchtime is short. Many of my classmates have some homework to do after lunch . But if they do not get a good rest, they won't have enough energy for the afternoon. So I would like to have some time to take a nap  after lunch . That way we will learn well in the afternoon.
Zhang Huilin, girl,13
Food in our dining hall is not nice at all. There is always pork, fish, and cabbages. The soup is always cold. I think we should have different kinds of food every day. And why can't we have hot soup every day ? I am _ what we eat !
Zheng Chuyu, boy,14
We want more time for sports activities. Students all need time for ball games. But there are only two hours for us to play ball games a week. I think school should be over before 4.30 p.m. every day and then we can go to the playground. I like badminton. All work and no play makes Jack a dull  boy !
The question is: What do many of Lin Dehua's classmates do after lunch ?
The possible answers are:
A:They get a good rest.
B:They get a nap.
C:They chat with each other.
D:They do their homework.Peter is a sixth-grader at Woodland Primary School. He is only 12 years old but has been smoking for three years. John, 15, is a Junior 2 student at Woodland Secondary School. He began smoking four years ago. "Smoking is part of my life," John said. Peter and John are not those boys' real names. But their problem, smoking, is a very real problem. In many countries, smoking is becoming a bigger problem for young people. Most smokers start in their teens or earlier.
A study of 8,000 London students shows that smoking is a problem for many British kids. More than 21% of middle school students and 6% of primary school pupils said they smoked.
"If young people start smoking early, it will be very hard for them to give up later on," said a professor.
Every year, about four million people die because of smoking. And if people keep smoking that number will go up to about ten million a year by 2030 the World Health Organization (WTO) says. So we have to learn and tell others about dangers of smoking.
,.
The question is: As middle school students, what should we do from now on?
The possible answers are:
A:We should start smoking after middle school.
B:We should start others to smoke outside.
C:We should laugh at smokers.
D:We should say no to smoking.People have strange ideas about food. In the 18th century, Americans never ate tomatoes. They grew them in their gardens because tomato plants are so pretty. But they thought the vegetable was poisonous . They called tomatoes "poison apples."
President Thomas Jefferson, however, knew that tomatoes were good to eat. He was a learned man. He had been to Paris, where he learned to love the taste of tomatoes. He grew many kinds of tomatoes in his garden. The President taught his cook a way, for a cream of tomato soup . This beautiful pink soup was served at the President's next dinner party. The guests thought the soup tasted really good. They never thought their President would sever his dinner guests poison apples. Jefferson never spoke to his guests about the fact.
The question is: Which of the following is true?
The possible answers are:
A:Americans never ate tomatoes after the 17th century.
B:Even now Americans don't eat tomatoes.
C:It was not until after the 18th century that Americans began to grow tomatoes for food.
D:Americans didn't eat tomatoes before the 19th century.Once upon a time, a man punished his 5-year-old daughter for using up the family' s expensive gold wrapping ( ) paper. Money was always not enough, and he became even more upset when on Christmas Eve, he saw that the child had pasted ( ) the gold paper to decorate a shoebox to put under the Christmas tree.
The next morning the little girl, filled with excitement, brought the gift box to her father and said, "This is for you, Daddy!"
As he opened the box, the father was sorry for his earlier behavior.
But after he opened it, he found it was empty and again he was angry."Don' t you know, young lady, " he said, "when you give someone a present there's  supposed to be something inside the package!"
The little girl looked up at him with tears running from her eyes and said, "Daddy, it's not empty. I blew kisses into it until it was all full."
When the father heard this,  he fell on his knees and put his arm around his dear little girl. He begged her to forgive him for his unnecessary anger.
An accident took the life of the child only a short time later. It is told that the father kept that little gold box by his bed for all the year of his life. Whenever he was sad or faced difficult problems he would open the box, take out an imaginary kiss, and remember the love of this beautiful child who had put it there.
In a very real sense, each of us as human beings have been given an _ golden box filled with love and kisses from our children, family, friends and God. This is the most expensive possession   anyone could hold.
,.
The question is: Why was the man sorry for his behavior as he opened the box?
The possible answers are:
A:Because his daughter bought him a Christmas gift..
B:Because he misunderstood his daughter for wasting paper.
C:Because he saw his daughter was so excited.
D:Because the box was covered with the kisses.Name: Poodle
Missing since: June 3, 2015
Produce: Young(2 years old), curly hair, shy
Last seen: Wuyi Square
Please contact :Sarah 839-6722 or sarahcs@hotmail.com
Please do not run after the dog. It may run in fear.
Lost and found items will be displayed in the school hall.
On Friday, June 15, 2015
During lunch 12:30-1:30
Parents: If you know that your child has lost something , please remind him or her.
You are also welcome to have a look.
The question is: How long will the display last?
The possible answers are:
A:Half an hour
B:One and a half hours
C:An hour
D:Two hoursWe always celebrated Dad's birthday on Thanksgiving Day. even afier he stayed in a nursing home . When we knew it might be his last birthday, the whole family decided to have a big birthday celebration at the nursing home.
Dad was a good storyteller. But this time I told Dad to listen to some stories for a change. One after another, people told stories from their hearts  , while Dad listened with tears   in eyes. People thought of kinds of stories-stories about when they were little, stories about when Dad was young.
Everyone seemed to have more than one story. Even the little grandchildren couldn't wait to tell Dad why they loved him. For a man who was kind to so many hundreds of people in his life, here was a change to tell him how much we love him. A few months later, at Dad's memorial service  , we fully knew what we gave to Dad that night. Those are the stories people usually tell at a funeral   after his or her death  . They tell stories, full of tears. But we gave those memories  to Dad in his life, and we told them through laughter with hugs and joy. He had them to hold and enjoyed them from time to time in his heart during his last days and months.
That's the ways to give back love and that's our chance  to celebrate a person in his or her life.
The question is: The whole family decided to have a big birthday celebration because   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:Dad was to leave the hospital
B:it might be Dad's last birthday
C:they would celebrate Thanksgiving Day
D:Dad was at the nursing homeMany parents today worry about their children's diets. Then what is a healthy diet for children? Miss Jones from Happy Children Hospital gives the following advice:
* Children shouldn't eat food with too much salt, because it can cause high blood pressure .
* Children should eat food with less fat, oil and sugar. They should not eat too much _ .
* Fruit and vegetables are rich in vitamins. Children need to eat fruit and vegetables often.
* Water is important to everyone. Children need to drink enough water every day.
* Children need to eat breakfast every day. It is good for their bodies and minds.
The question is: Which kind of food is rich in vitamins?
The possible answers are:
A:water
B:junk food
C:sugar
D:fruit and vegetablesBringing a giraffe into the world is _ . A baby giraffe is born 10 feet high and usually lands on its back. Within seconds it rolls over its legs under its body. Then the mother giraffe rudely introduces its children to the reality  of life.
In his book,A View from the Zoo, Gary Richmond describes how a new-born giraffe learns its first lesson.
The mother giraffe lowers her head long enough to take a quick look. Then she puts herself directly over her child. She waits for about a minute, and then she does the most unreasonable  thing. She throws her long leg and kicks her baby, so that it's sent sprawling .
When it doesn't get up, the process is repeated again and again. The struggle to rise is important. As the baby giraffe grows tired, the mother kicks it again. Finally, it stands for the first time on its shaky  legs. Then the mother giraffe kicks it off its feet again. Why? She wants it to remember how it got up. In the wild, a baby giraffe must be able to get up as quickly as possible to stay with its group, where there's safety.
Another writer named Irving Stone understood this. He spent a lifetime studying greatness, writing stories about such men as Michelangelo, Vincent van Gogh, Sigmund Freud, and Charles Darwin.
Stone was once asked if he had found something that runs through the lives of all these great people. He said, "I write about people who sometime in their life have a dream of something. They're beaten over the head, knocked down and for years they get nowhere. But every time they stand up again. And at the end of their lives they've realized some small parts of what they set out  to do ."
The question is: What does the bookA View from the Zootalk about?
The possible answers are:
A:A new-born giraffe's first lesson.
B:A mother giraffe's story.
C:The lives of some great people.
D:The way for a giraffe to stand up.Today is Sunday, March 20. We, sixteen boys and seventeen girls, go to school early, but we have no lessons. Our teacher takes us to the zoo. We are very excited about the trip. We get on a bus, it goes fast and at half past nine we get there. How beautiful the zoo is! There're a lot of trees, some hills, and a big lake. The sun is shining and the flowers are coming out. There are all kinds of animals in it, elephants, monkeys, birds, fishes and many other animals. The birds are singing in the trees and the fishes are swimming in the lake. We like to watch monkeys. They are playing on the hill or having oranges, apples and bananas. There are many rules in the zoo. We mustn't do this and we mustn't do that. But we all have a good time. At one in the afternoon we leave the zoo.
The question is: We stay in the zoo for   _   hours.
The possible answers are:
A:four and a half
B:three and a half
C:four
D:fiveScientists say there are seven kinds of food that people should eat every day. They are: (1) green and yellow vegetables of all kind; (2) citrus fruits and tomatoes; (3) potatoes and other fruits and vegetables; (4) meat of all kinds, fish and eggs; (5) milk and foods made of milk, like cheese and ice-cream; (6) bread or cereal , rice is also in this kind of foods; (7) butter, or something like butter, with fat . 
People in different countries in the world eat different kinds of things. They also eat in different kinds the day. In some place people eat once or twice a day; in other countries, people eat three or four times a day. Scientists say that these differences are not important. It doesn't matter if a person eats dinner at 4 o'clock in the afternoon or at eleven o'clock at night. The important thing is that every day a person must eat something from each of the seven kind of food. The most important thing is that we must find some way to help the hungry people and make the people have right kinds of food , make them
and healthy
The question is: In different countries people    _   .
The possible answers are:
A:eat the same kinds of food
B:cook their food in the same way
C:eat different kinds of food
D:eat the food in the same wayOne day a strong cowboy was traveling on his horse when he saw a bar. He decided to stop for a few drinks, so he tied  his horse outside the bar, walked into the bar and ordered two bottles of beer. This cowboy was new in town. He looked around and noticed some people making faces to him. He guessed that they might play some tricks   on him, but he said nothing and continued to drink. After drinking, he walked out of the bar and found his horse lost.
However, he kept calm, came back into the bar, and said slowly, " I don't know what you fools did to my horse out there... but I'm leaving in five minutes, and by then if my horse isn't back where it's supposed to be, well ... I have to do here what I did in Texas!" The cowboy added, "And I don't want to do what I did in Texas!" After hearing these words, the other customers seemed a little bit frightened.
The cowboy went back to his seat and ordered another two bottles of beer. After five minutes, he walked out and found his horse tied where it was supposed to be.
Just as he was leaving, the boss of the bar came up and asked curiously   , "What was the thing that you did in Texas but you didn't want to do here?"
The cowboy turned to the boss and replied in a low voice, " I had to walk home!"
,. (5)
The question is: In Texas, the cowboy had to   _  when he couldn't find his horse.
The possible answers are:
A:walk home
B:argue with others
C:call the police
D:ask the boss for helpHello! I'm an English girl.My first name is Lucy.My last name is White.I'm in No.3 Middle School.My father and mother are in No.3 Middle School, too.They are English teachers.My brother is in Nanchang University .His name is Tony.I have a Chinese teacher.Her name is Wang Yan.She can speak   English well.She is a good teacher.
The question is: There are   _   people in my family.
The possible answers are:
A:two
B:three
C:four
D:fiveThe Internet has become part of teenagers'   life. A new report shows that 38 percent (......) of 3,375 students use the Internet often.
Most of the students get useful information for their studies, but some are not using it in a good way. Many students are playing online games too much. Some even visit some unhealthy websites. A teacher from Beijing Yinghua Middle School, Hong Ying warns   that something bad can happen if young people spend too much time on the Internet. She said that one of her students used to be good at school. But when he started visiting unhealthy websites,he hurt a girl by cheating online. At last the police caught him and sent him into the prison  .
In order to help young people use the Internet safely, some schools in Shanghai find a good way. The schools provide a textbook   for the students. The book uses real examples to teach students about good ways of using the Internet. Teachers and parents all think the book is good.
Hong said that the book will help students keep away from the bad behaviors   of using computer. The book will teach students how to be a good person   in the online world.
The question is: Some students from   _   are learning a textbook about good behavior.
The possible answers are:
A:Beijing
B:Wuhan
C:Shenyang
D:ShanghaiMy class will put on a short play in English at the end of the year. Yesterday our English teacher gave us copies of the play.
"Choose a character in the play whom you'd like to be, "she told us. "This afternoon learn a few lines of this part for homework. Then tomorrow you can say those lines in front of the class. Ill decide who play each part."
I wanted to have one of the bigger parts in the play, so I choose the part of the king. He has a lot of lines to say. I learned them by heart.
This morning in our English lesson we had to say our lines. I acted the part of the king. When I said my lines, I put a lot of expression into my acting. I thought I acted really well.
Everyone in the class read a part and then the teacher who would play each part.
Many of the students in my class couldn't act at all. They couldn't even read without making lots of mistakes. I was sure that I would get a big part in the play.
However, the teacher gave me the part of a soldier. He has only one line. It is, "Yes, sir!"
I was very disappointed. At the end of the lesson I went up to her and asked her why I had such a small part.
"You put too much _ in your acting," she said. "Good acting is not big acting. It is acting the audience can believe in."
I think I know what she means.
The question is: What did the boy want to do in the play?
The possible answers are:
A:To get a morning eating part
B:To organize the play
C:To get a large acting part.
D:To work the lights.This is my first day at our new school. In the morning, I help my new teacher Mr Hu put some new English textbooks into a big box. And then I carry it to the classroom. The box is very heavy.
I walk very slowly  with the big heavy box in my arms. A boy runs very fast to me. He can't stop. Oh, dear! My box drops on the floor and there are books everywhere on the floor.
"I'm very sorry," the boy says again and again. He helps me to pick up all the books. He then helps me to carry the books to our classroom.
Who is he? He is my classmate. His name is Jim. He comes to China with his father. He is from England.
The question is: Jim and I are   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:the same age
B:in the same bedroom
C:in the same class
D:Mr Hu's workmatesA company began to make a new kind of dog food. A party was held to show the new dog food to everyone. People from the newspapers and TV stations were there.
There was a dog at the party. He was supposed to eat the dog food and have his picture taken. The plan was to show everybody how much the dog would like the new dog food.
When the time came, a plate of the dog food was set in front of the dog. Everyone looked at the dog. But there was one problem. He didn't eat any of it. The dog didn't like the dog food!
The boss of the company had to do something fast. All of the people were watching. All of them were laughing. So he ate the dog food himself!
The question is: The company in the story   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:takes a picture
B:has more than on boss
C:makes dog food
D:makes a new machineMy good friend Lucy has a big   family. Many people   are in her family: her grandparents, her parents, her uncle, her aunt, her two cousins and she. Alan and Gina are her grand-parents. Nick and Sonia are her parents. Paul is her uncle and Mona is her aunt. Dave is Paul and Mona's son. He is 12. Linda is Dave's sister. She is 10.
The question is: _    members are in Lucy's family.
The possible answers are:
A:Six
B:Seven
C:Eight
D:NineHello, my dear friends, today here's a funny cartoon for you! It is a Chinese cartoon. Its name is Happy Sheep and Big Big Wolf.
In this cartoon, there are some sheep and three wolves. Happy Sheep is the leading role. He likes playing football and running. He runs faster than the other sheep. Pretty Sheep likes making clothes and growing flowers. She is very beautiful. Lazy Sheep is clever. But he doesn't like doing sports. He likes sleeping best. Force Sheep is stronger than the other sheep. Warm Sheep is the class monitor at school. Slow Sheep is 68 years old. He is old. He is the village head. Every sheep has a lovely pet. Big Big Wolf wants to eat sheep. Red Wolf is Big Big Wolf's wife. She is very bad. Banana Wolf is nice. He is the friend of the sheep. He likes eating bananas very much.
The question is: _   doesn't like sports.
The possible answers are:
A:Lazy Sheep
B:Force Sheep
C:Warm Sheep
D:Happy SheepBefore you can start speaking and writing in English, your brain must get enough correct English sentences. This is obvious .
There are two ways to get correct English sentences: listening and reading. Both are good, but reading is much easier than listening. With the help of a good dictionary, you will be able to understand English texts much more easily than movies. If you just read one book in English, you will see that your English has become much better. English phrases will just come to you without thinking when you are writing or speaking.
This is true for hundreds of words and grammar structures . If you read in English, you can forget about grammar rules. Throw away your grammar book! You needn't know the rules for the present perfect tense . Instead, read a few books in English, and soon you will feel that "I have seen Paul yesterday" is wrong. The only difference between you and native speakers is that they have heard and read more English sentences than you have.
The question is: The only difference between you and native speakers is that native speakers   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:have parents as their English teachers
B:are born to know grammar rules and phrases
C:read and hear more English than you
D:have a gift in learning EnglishRivers are one of our most important natural resources . Many of the world's great cities are located on rivers, and almost every country has at least one river running through it that plays an important part in the lives of its people.
Since the beginning of history, people have used rivers for transportation. The longest one in the United States is the Mississippi. The lifeline of Egypt is the Nile. To the people of India, the Ganges is great, but it is also important for transportation; ships can travel along it for a thousand miles. Other great rivers are the Congo in Africa and the Mekong in southeastern Asia. The greatest of all for navigation , however, is the Amazon in Brazil . It is so wide and so deep that large ships can go about two thousand miles up it.
Besides transportation, rivers give food to eat, water to drink, water for crops, and chances for fun. In order to increase the supply  of water for crops, engineers sometimes build a dam  across a river and let a lake form behind the dam. Then people can use the water not only to irrigate  their fields but also to make electricity for their homes and industries.
However, large cities and industries that are located on rivers often cause problems. As the cities grow in size and industries increase in number, the water in the rivers becomes polluted with chemicals and other materials. People are learning the importance, however, of doing more to keep their rivers clean if they want to enjoy the benefits of these natural resources.
The question is: The best title for the passage is   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:The Importance of Rivers
B:Rivers in Cities
C:Transportation
D:Natural ResourcesIn a few years, most people will know that a healthy, happy, loving family is a joy and it is a necessary part for building a strong society. But there are still some people who don't believe family life can be an enjoyable experience.
Some people already accepted the idea of the "me generation" so they fail to understand that there is a time in life when they have to give up their time to something more valuable.
At a time when adults need to think about the needs of their family, they will be doing other important things. Some people will spend too much time working for a more powerful car or a bigger house so that they can proudly say that they have them. Some will be doing dangerous things so that they may tell their stories to their friends, and others will recite things like " I must become the best I can be."  or "I don't want to be at the bottom." The needs of their family will be forgotten and they never seem to have time for the family.
Many people have not experienced a strong helpful perfect family life, so they have never discovered its worth. Many people have always experienced family life as a flight, so they can't find time and energy for work.
But it is really very important that we all expect good family relations. We need to realize and value the importance of what can be achieved by loving each other in the family. It is also important for our society to encourage family members to create happiness.
The question is: What is meant by "me generation"?
The possible answers are:
A:I will do whatever the family want me to do.
B:Nothing is more important than myself.
C:I always agree with people around.
D:The generation is my age group.There are many ways to keep healthy. Different people have different ways. Lisa's father thinks riding a bike is the best way because he likes to go to work by bike. And their home isn't far from his bank. Lisa thinks running is better than riding, so she runs every day. However, her mother thinks it's boring. She loves walking to work. Lisa's sister likes flying kites. She goes to fly kites once a week. Lisa's brother thinks playing ping-pong is a good way to keep healthy. He plays it every morning.
The question is: _   likes riding a bike to work.
The possible answers are:
A:Lisa's mother
B:Lisa's father
C:Lisa's brother
D:Lisa's sisterJohn and Bobby joined the same company together just after they completed their university studies the same year. Both of them worked very hard. Several years later, however, the boss promoted  Bobby to manager but John was still a worker. John could not take it, and gave his resignation  to the boss. He complained that the boss did not think much of those who were hard -working, but promoted only those who flattered him.
The boss knew that John had worked very hard for the years. He thought a moment and said, "Thank you for what you said, but I hope you will do one more thing for our company before you leave"
John agreed. The boss asked him to go and find anyone selling watermelons in the market. John went and returned soon. He said he had found a man selling watermelons. The boss asked how much they cost every kilogram. John shook his head and went back to the seller to ask and returned to tell the boss $1.2 every kilogram.
The boss told John to wait a second, and he called Bobby to come to his office.  He asked Bobby to go and find anyone selling watermelons in the market. Bobby went and returned, saying, "Boss, only one person is selling watermelons. $1.2 every kilogram, and $10 for 10 kilograms. The seller has 340 melons. On the table there are 58 melons, and each weighs about 2 kilograms. They were brought from the South two days ago. They are of good quality."
Hearing what Bobby said, John realized the difference between himself and Bobby. He decided to stay and learn from Bobby.
The question is: What can we learn from the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:The boss should treat all his workers in a fair way.
B:The boss should not promote one who flatters him.
C:One should not only work hard but also use his head.
D:One should try to get every detail of watermelons.What's the strongest part of your body? Your head? Bones? It's your teeth. There is a special thing called enamel in teeth. It is the hardest thing in the human body and keeps bacteria away. However, teeth are hurt easily to problems and disease. September 20 is National Teeth-loving Day in China. Let's pay attention to the health of our teeth.
Teeth problems are common around the world. Most children and young adults have tooth decay . A study which come out on China Health Monthly magazine this year showed that 40.74% of a sample of 1,306 Chinese students under age 15 has decayed teeth.
Food that is rich in sugar increases the risk of tooth decay. After you eat, bacteria go crazy over the sugar on your teeth. The bacteria turn sugar into acids that eat away at tooth enamel. This causes holes in your teeth.
Another common problem is crooked teeth . When your new teeth begin to grow and the old teeth haven't fallen out, there isn't enough space for the new ones. This causes crooked teeth.
Don't worry. Here are some ways to keep your teeth healthy.
*Brush at least twice a day in the morning and in the evening.
*Learn to use dental floss . The floss gets rid of food that's hidden where your toothbrush can't get it.
*Visit a dentist. He or she can check if you have any dental problems and help you clean your teeth.
*Pay attention to what you eat. It's better to eat lots of fruit and vegetables instead of fries and drink water instead of soda.
*Wear braces  to make your teeth straight and beautiful.
The question is: Crooked teeth refer to    _  .
The possible answers are:
A:decayed teeth
B:the old teeth
C:the fallen teeth
D:the new teethMost young boys don't like growing flowers and watering them. But for 16-year-old Angus,working in the garden isn't just a hobby -- it has changed his life.
Angus has a special illness and his IQ is lower than a normal boy. Six months ago, he started
learning how to grow flowers. Now, he spends hours in the garden growing flowers, watering and
looking after them. "Before working in the garden, it was difficult for Angus to concentrate inclass and sometimes he didn't want to go to school," said his mother Kim. "Now he can't wait togo to school and he is happy every day. We can see Angus is able to work in a garden center in thefuture,"
Research shows that working in the garden improves mental and physics health. In the past,soldiers in Egypt treated their mental problems after war by working in the garden. Even now,some doctors advise people to work in the garden to treat their mental health problems. Anddoctors also advise young people like Angus to work in the garden.
The lives of hundreds of children in Britain with special needs, like Angus, have beenchanged by this special kind of education. When working in the garden, children have a chance tolearn a lot of important skills, such as how to work with other people and how to take care ofplants. Besides, the children become more confident after working in the garden.
The question is: After working in the garden, Augus   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:likes to go to school
B:works in a garden center
C:follows his mother's advice
D:doesn't go to school any moreMiss Williams is a teacher, and there are thirty children in her class. They are nice children, and Miss Williams like them all, but they often lose  some of the clothes. It's winter, and the weather is very cold. The children's mothers always take them to school with warm coats and hats and gloves . The children come into the classroom in the morning and take off their coats and hats and gloves, and put the gloves in the pockets of their coats.
Last Tuesday, Miss Williams found two small blue gloves on the floor in the evening, and the next morning, she asked the children, "Whose gloves are these?" But no one answered. "Haven't you got blue gloves, Dick?" she asked him.
"Yes, Miss Williams," he answered, "but those can't be mine. I've lost already."
The question is: Which sentence is NOT right?
The possible answers are:
A:The children's mothers often take them to school.
B:Children put the gloves in the pockets of their coats.
C:Dick hasn't got any gloves.
D:Miss Williams thinks the children are nice.These days, more and more students in the UK are taking a "gap year"between their graduation from school and their university studies. This means they can take a year off to do something else, before they start their studies.
For most students, spending time in foreign countries is the favorite activity --- and Australia is the favorite place to go.
Many parents, teachers and business people agree that travelling can teach important values.
"After a year of travelling, I felt I'd grown up. I had learnt the importance of relationships with people, on all kinds of levels."
There are many companies around the world that welcome these students on their projects---helping people in poorer countries, or even in your home country. Although you don't get paid for your work, this kind of work can teach important skills---decision making and finding answers to problems, for example---that will help many students in a job one day.
Finally, getting some knowledge and experience in an area you hope to study or work in one day will always be very useful.
If several university graduates are applying  for the same job, gar year work experience allows you to say,
" I've already had some experience of this kind of work." And that can get your job.
The question is: More and more students in the UK are taking a "gap year" .
The possible answers are:
A:before they graduate from school
B:before they graduate from university
C:after they graduate from university
D:Before they go to university after graduating from schoolDo you often watch TV programs? There are many TV programs on Chinese cuisines (, ),but few are like A Bite of China. It tries to bring something new by introducing more cultural features   related to dishes, such as eating habits and wonderful stories about food.
It's said that more than 100 million Chinese people are watching the program. Most Chinese people regard this program as more than just the regular food shows. They see it as an amazing documentary providing a special view of Chinese as well as the relations between people and food , between people and society.
On the other hand, the documentary also stimulates   Chinese people's consumption  . Taobao, one of China's biggest online shopping sites, reports that the search on food items that were introduced by the documentary has increased to 4 million times in one week, and sales have increased to 5.82 million.
To get enough good stories, the production team spent three months doing research and interviews in about 60 cities before they started making the documentary last July. Filming lasted about nine months. Liu Wen, the director, says "As CCTV-9 serves as a window, allowing the world to better understand China, the documentary aims to help the world not only enjoy the beauty of Chinese cuisines, but also learn Chinese customs."
The question is: A Bite of China is a   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:film
B:TV show
C:book
D:newspaperWhen someone says extinct  animals, you may think about dinosaurs . But now many other animals are becoming less and less in number. These animals might disappear from the earth very soon. Take a look at the following animals. They are all in danger.
The African Elephant
The African elephant is a clever animal. It has a very good memory. But people kill it for its tusks . Half of the African elephants have disappeared.
The African Lion
The African lions have nowhere to live because of wars in Southern Africa. Besides, hunters and farmers often kill them.
The Tortoise
George is a tortoise. It is the last Pinta Island  giant tortoise. It was found in 1971. Now it lives in a research station. It can still live for another 200 years. But it is the last one of this species  of tortoise.
The Tadpole Shrimp 
Maybe you've never seen a tadpole shrimp. This is one of the oldest species on the earth. People have found them in fresh water pools on four continents . A tadpole shrimp can only live for two months or less.
The question is: When someone says extinct animals, you may think about  _  ?
The possible answers are:
A:monkeys
B:dinosaurs
C:pandas
D:tigersShenzhou X and three astronauts  were sent up from Jiuquan Satellite Launch Center, Gansu province, into a clear blue sky on Tuesday, bringing the nation one step closer to building its own space  station in 2020.
Two men, mission commander  Nie Haisheng and Zhang Xiaoguang, and China's second female astronaut, Wang Yaping, are expected to stay in space for 15 days.
They will teach young people about science and do two _ , between Shenzhou X and the unmanned Tiangong-1 space module, a technically difficult procedure that brings two spaceship together in high-speed orbit .
The trip is our country's fifth manned space mission, 10 years after the country's first astronaut, Yang Liwei, went into space in 2003.
The question is: Who is the first astronaut to enter space in China?
The possible answers are:
A:Nie Haisheng
B:Zhang Xiaoguang
C:Wang Yaping
D:Yang LiweiMr. Ellis is very old. He has seen many changes in his home town.
He knows that things are different now. But he never forgets the old days. He likes to talk about them. He often talks about his favourite birds, the robins (----).  "When I was a boy, these houses were not here. There were wide fields and tall trees. Every spring robins would come. Thousands of them would fly up to the north from the south. They spent the winter in the south. Some would build their nests in the trees near our houses. Then people started to cut down trees, and they built more houses. The robins stopped coming. They couldn't build their nests near our houses because there were no trees."
"Now there are too many houses and too many roads. There are no places for the robins. They do come any more ."
The question is: Mr. Ellis often talks about  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:his old house
B:the old days
C:his life now
D:his familyHow do you pay for things? Do you usually use cash , or do you like to pay by credit card ? If you are like a lot of people, you probably have at least one credit card. Also, you might use it more often than you probably should.
Credit cards first became popular in the 1920s, At that time, businesses, such as hotels and companies, gave credit cards to their best customers . Unlike today's credit cards, customers could only use these cards at the Store or business that gave out the card. Customers had to pay for things in full. They couldn't pay for something a little at a time.
In 1950, a businessman named McNamara started a credit card company -- Diners Club. Unlike earlier credit cards, this card could be used by customers at many restaurants. Customers liked the card because they didn't have to carry a lot of cash with them. Restaurant owners liked the card, too. Why? They found out that customers usually spent more money when they could pay by credit card.
In its first year of business, Diners Club _ 200 cards, The customers who got the cards from the Diners Club could use them at 27 different restaurants. Today, Diners Club has about 8 million customers, and they can use their cards in over 7. 6 million businesses in more than 200 countries.
The question is: This passage is mainly about  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:part of the development of credit cards
B:how to use cash
C:the number of people who use credit cards in the world
D:how credit cards help businessmenAlmost every child in big cities has the chance to go to school. Nine years' studying helps children to prepare for their future lives. In fact, many students can study for more than nine years. Not all children are so lucky.
There is a girl called Xiao Fang. She is eight years old and lives in a small village in Guangxi. When she was younger, she wanted to go to school, but she could not because her family was too poor. The schools were too expensive, so her parents kept her at home. Instead of studying, Xiao Fang worked in the fields with her parents.
Then Project Hope heard about Xiao Fang. It agreed to help Xiao Fang to go to school. Her wish came true, and now she is studying in a school. Unluckily, there are many thousands of children who can not go to school. You can help these children.
Project Hope also helps to repair school buildings.
All this good work costs money. Project Hope needs your help. If you give Project Hope Y=300, we can pay for one child to go to school for a whole year. With more money, Project Hope can build new schools. The money buys good desks, chairs, blackboards and books. To help us is to help Xiao Fang and many other children to have a good start in life.
The question is: Xiao Fang is studying in a school because   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:Project Hope heard from her
B:Project Hope helped her
C:she knew someone working in Project Hope
D:she wrote a letter to the newspaperI used to hate my mother because she worked a lot and didn't spend much time with me. Then one Friday morning I took part in a three-day self-help program for teenagers. Whether you believe it or not, that weekend changed my life.
About 100 other teenagers were there. During the first two days I met a lot of great people. I was glad because I made so many friends there.
On Sunday, the leader did an interesting exercise called "Chocolate or Toys". He asked a girl which she liked better, chocolate or toys. She chose chocolate. Then he asked her to choose again between chocolate and chocolate. Of course, she didn't have a choice.
This exercise told us that sometimes we don't have a choice in life, and that sometimes we have to accept something, rather than complaining .
A girl stood up and started talking about her mom who was a drug addict  and how much she hated her mother.
"I want a new mom," she cried.
"Unluckily, you can't have one," the leader replied.
"You have to accept the mother that you have."
This hit me hard. I realized that, for better or worse, my mom was my mom. I couldn't choose another mom, but I could try to make the best of the situation.
The question is: The self-help program for teenagers lasted   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:a week
B:two days
C:three days
D:only one dayAlan is an English boy. Now he studies in Shanghai Yucai Middle School. He is in Grade Seven. He has a dog. It's black and white. The dog's very smart. Alan likes it very much. Its favorite food is bone. Every day when Alan gets home, the dog meets him in front of the house.
Alan's friend, Jenny is an American girl. She is in Shanghai too. They are in the same grade, but in different classes. She has a panda. It's also black and white, but it's not a real panda. It's a toy. The panda is very clean. Jenny often washes it in water. Where is the panda now? Oh, it's sleeping with jenny. Every night it sleeps with Jenny.
The question is: What animal is black and white according to the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:The cat.
B:The dog.
C:The panda and dog.
D:The giraffe.It was Sunday morning. A butcher  heard the doorbell  and thought it must be a customer. But he was surprised to see that a dog was coming into his shop. The dog had $10 and a note in its mouth.
The butcher took the note and read it. It said,"10 pork chops , please."So the butcher took the money and put a bag of chops in the dog's mouth.
Then he quickly closed the shop because he decided to follow the dog. He found the dog on the street. The dog was waiting for a green light. Then the dog walked across the road. The dog went to a bus stop. When a bus arrived, the dog checked the number and then got on the bus.
After a while, the dog stood up on his back paws  to push the "stop" button . The bus stopped and the dog got off. Then the butcher followed it to get off the bus.
The dog ran to a house and dropped the bag in front of the front door. It then began to beat its head against the front door. After a while, a big man opened the door and began shouting at the dog. The butcher ran up and shouted at the man, "What are you doing? Your dog is a genius ."
The owner of the dog said, "Genius? No way! I always tell him to take the keys when he goes to the stores. But he never listens to me!"
The question is: How much did the dog pay for the pork chops?
The possible answers are:
A:$20.
B:$10.
C:$5.
D:$62.In America, almost every book shop sells books about food and cooking. Most newspapers and magazines talk about Americans' eating habits. .Many books write about where to eat. So we can see eating is very important to every American.
Salads are very popular and they have them all year round .Americans enjoy coffee. Most of them drink coffee or tea before or after every meal. Many Americans have coffee or tea with their meals. The main food in American meals is usually meat, fish or chicken, but people don't eat them together at the same meal. Seafood is something they eat as the first course .
Most Americans eat breakfast and lunch quickly, but the evening meal is longer and a time for the family to get together. This is main meal in a day. On Sundays or holidays, Americans like to _ . They get up very late in the morning, so they have to eat their brunch(.)
The question is: Which statement do you think is right?
The possible answers are:
A:To all of Americans eating is very important.
B:All magazines always talk about Americans' eating habits.
C:People in America don't mind where to eat.
D:Most of Americans like hot food very much.Michelle , a famous lady , has found that over 25% students are too fat in her country . It's a very serious problem . So she stats a health program to deal with it . The health program is to reduce the amount of fat students today and in the future .
The program will get families , schools , news papers , magazines and TVs to join together and deal with the students _ so that students will be at a healthier weight . The program includes : Food stores should sell healthier foods . Schools should serve healthier meals with less fat and should also offer gym classes .
The lady is trying to fight the students' obesity all over the country because it can cause illnesses and higher cost . She wants the students to eat right, exercise more and control their weight . She also wants the students to understand it is important to have less sweet food , and drink water , milk and fresh juices , but not to choose cokes .
The health program is really helpful to the students today and in the future . As she says , we can't always build the future for our youth , but we can built youth for the future .
The question is: What does the lady want the shops to do ?
The possible answers are:
A:To offer gym classes .
B:To plant a vegetable garden .
C:To serve meals with less fat .
D:To sell healthier foods .Have you ever had an embarrassing   experience? Last week we asked readers to tell us about embarrassing experiences. We received thousands of letters! Here is a selection.
Tony: My most embarrassing experience happened when I had just left university. I had just started teaching in a Liverpool secondary school. One morning my alarm clock didn't ring. I woke up at half past eight and school began at nine. I quickly washed, dressed, jumped into my car and rushed to school. When I arrived, the students had already gone into class. I didn't go to the office, but went straight into class. After two or three minutes the students began laughing, and I couldn't understand why! Suddenly I looked down and understood. I had put on one black shoe and one brown shoe!
Henry: The most embarrassing experience I've ever had happened two years ago. After seeing a film, my wife and I had lunch in our favorite restaurant in town. Then we decided to take a walk along the street. The street was very busy and we started holding hands. Suddenly my wife saw a dress in a shop window and stopped. I started looking at some watches in the next window. After a minute or two I reached for my wife's hand. There was a loud scream, and a woman slapped   my face. I hadn't taken my wife's hand!I'd taken the hand of a stranger!
The question is: Henry and his wife held hands   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:at the cinema
B:in the shop
C:at the restaurant
D:along the streetGabriel Garcia Marquez ,who was awared the Nobel Prize for Literature in 1982,passed away at the age of 86 on April 17,2014. The world paused to remember the cultural giant .
Garcia Marquez was born in Colombia ,but he spent most of his adult life in Mexico City . As one of the most famous writers ,he was widely regarded as "a giant of 20th-century literature " . Garcia Marquez wrote in a style  called "magical realism "In such works,people live a daily life in a certain period of time in history . But meanwhile ,magical things happen to them .
Garcia Marquez is best known for his 1967 novel ,One Hundred Years of Solitude ,which has sold about 50 million copies . It tells the tale of the small and _ town of Macondo which was separated from the outside world -of its founding and its troubled history over a hundred years . The story is a metaphor for the development of Colombia since the 19century . As Colombian President Juan Manuel Santons said , Garcia Marquez wrote about "the very essence of the Latin American beings " .
The question is: Which of the following is NOT TRUE about Garcia Marquez?
The possible answers are:
A:He was the winner of the Nobel Prize for Literature in 1982
B:His novel One Hundrend Years of Solitude was a great success.
C:He was widely known as "a girl of 20th-century literature ".
D:Magical things happened to him during his stay in Mexico City.By November 30, 2015, the comedy Goodbye, Mr. Loser had got more than 1,400 million yuan in ticket sales.
It was amazing that a film with common actors who had their first shows in the film got such great success. What's more, the actors were all stage performers and they improved their acting skills by making this film.
The comedy tells about a common middle-aged man who has no job but problems. He seems to be a loser in life and never gets any success. He causes many jokes and is laughed at a lot. And because of his bad luck, he feels upset most of the time. Later, a sudden accident changes his life and he starts to realize how important the family to him.
Goodbye, Mr. Loser was the first movie made by Happy Mahua Pictures. The film came out on September 30, 2015. Because of its great success, the film company became famous overnight.
During the seven-day holiday for National Day in 2015, the ticket sales were just behind the most popular film being shown at the same time-Lost in Hong Kong.
The question is: Goodbye Mr. Loser was amazing because   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:it was a comedy
B:it was a successful film with common actors
C:it was on show during National Day in 2015
D:it was the first film made by Happy Mahua Pictures.Many Chinese students think American students enjoy more freedom than them at school. In fact, American schools also have their rules. If students break  the rules, they will get punishment , too.  On the first day of a new term, 128 students of Morton High School were sent back home for wearing the wrong clothes. There are altogether 1,200 students in the school. Usually only 20 students break the school dress rule every day. So the headmaster Theresa Mayerik said it was the worst new term she had ever seen.
At Morton High School, students' favorite clothes such as wide pants and low-necked shirts are not allowed( ). Some students think they have the right to choose what to wear, but the headmaster doesn't think so." I'd be _ if half the school was sent back home ,because 99% will get the message that our school is for education"
"Freedom" doesn't mean "free of restrictions ". That is to say, there is no total  freedom in the world, no matter in the US or in China.
The question is: Some students of Morton High School were sent back home for  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:not finishing their homework
B:playing computer games
C:not wearing the right clothes
D:being late for schoolLate one afternoon, when a professor was walking along a country road, he saw a farmer eating his supper alone on the road before his house.
The professor walked up to the farmer and asked, "Why are you eating here alone?"
"Well, sir," answered the farmer after a short pause, "the chimney  smokes"
"That's too bad," said the professor. "But it shouldn't be too difficult to fix. Let me have a look at it."
And before the farmer could say a word, the professor was at the door. A broom  fell on his shoulder and a woman's voice shouted, "Go away, you old rascal , or I'll kill you..."
The professor left the house quickly. The farmer sat on the road looking very unhappy. The professor walked up to him and put his hand on his shoulder. "Never mind," he said, "my chimney sometimes too."
The question is: The professor wanted to   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:help the farmer fix the chimney
B:eat supper with the farmer
C:look at the farmer's wife
D:have a smokeIt is a beautiful spring morning. There isn't a cloud, and the sun is warm but not too hot. So Mr. Green is surprised when he sees an old man at the bus stop with a big strong black umbrella in his hand.
Mr. Green says to him, "Do you think we are going to have rain today?"
"No," says the old man,"I don't think so."
"Then are you carrying the umbrella to keep the sun off you?" "No, the sun is not very hot in spring."
Mr. Green looks at the big umbrella again, then the man says, "I am an old man, and my legs are not very strong. So I really need a walking stick . When I carry a walking stick, people will say, "Look at that poor man. " And I don't like that. When I carry an umbrella in fine weather, people only say,"Look at that foolish man. "
The question is: What do people think of the old man when he carries an umbrella in fine weather?
The possible answers are:
A:He is very strong.
B:He is very foolish.
C:He is very poor.
D:He is healthy.It is believed in some ways that the daughter is father's lover. But my experience has taught me in a different way. For a long time, my father has been a very vague figure to me. He was a man of few words, tall but slim and nothing else.
When I was in primary school, my father was never there to pick me up, and he never came to any of my parent-teacher meetings. He was always busy doing projects. I remember when I was in middle school and my head was badly hurt in a PE class. During my operation, my father was nowhere to be found. This hurt me most. At that moment, I considered my father as a cold-blooded man who did not care about me at all.
But things seemed different at my high school graduation ceremony, where I was chosen to represent my class and give a speech. My father, once again, told me he had a business trip in a place outside the city and would be unable to show up . "Don't come. I will be very nervous if I see you," I told him.
I remember my speech went smoothly. After the ceremony was over and I was about to leave. I suddenly noticed a familiar looking man sitting in a corner of the hall. It was my father! I was so surprised that I rushed to him with tears running down my face. "Well done," he said. His eyes were also filled with tears.
Later, I found out that my father had managed to finish his work by staying up late, and he drove for eight hours to get back. He had been sitting in the corner because he didn't want me to see him. My father remembered every word in my speech.
For much of my life, I described my father was a cold-blooded man who only cared about his work. But when I thought deeply about _ , it was obviously not true. At my graduation ceremony. I could feel my father's deep love. The fact is that seeing is not believing, and seeing may not be the fact if we don't perceive the world with our hearts and minds. There's no doubt that life doesn't lack love, but sometimes our eyes have trouble seeing it.
The question is: Which of the following is TRUE according to the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:The writer's father was in the hospital during her operation.
B:The writer's father attended her high school graduation ceremony.
C:The writer's father sometimes picked her up when she was in primary school
D:The writer's father went to parent-teacher meeting when she was in primary school.Children laugh often and easily. But as we grow up, we laugh less and feel more stressed. Try laughing for no reason at all. That's how thousands of people start their day at Laughter Clubs around the world, and doctors now think that having a good laugh may be one of the best ways to keep healthy. The first Laughter Club was started in Mumbai ,India ,in  June,1995 by Dr Madam Kataria. " Young children laugh about 300 times a day. Adults laugh between 7 and 15 times a day, "says Dr Kataria . "Everyone's naturally good at laughing . We want people to feel happy with their lives." There are now more than 500 Laughter Clubs in India and over 1,300 worldwide.
Place: 264 North Main Street , East Longmeadow. We're in an office building near the entrance. Walk down the hall and we're on the right .2-1-c-n-j-y
When : Every Sunday afternoon from 3:45 p.m. to 4:45 p.m.
Cost : Free.
Ages : Adults from 18 to 75.
Parking :If you're facing the building ,the car park is on the right of the building .
Teacher : Robert Rivest.
More information ,go to http:// www. robertrivest.com.
If you want to feel like a kid again, try our Laughter Club . You will get used to it in five minutes and begin to laugh for real in ten minutes and sometimes you just can't stop! You'll experience deeper pleasure in half an hour. You'll meet other people who want more fun and laughter. And you will feel so relaxed in about one hour !
Come and join us for laughter and a fun social experience!
The question is: The text is (a)   _   .
The possible answers are:
A:news
B:report
C:story
D:posterAmerican and British people both speak English of course. But sometimes it does not seem like the same language. In fact, there are some important differences between British English and American English.
First of all, they sound very different. Often, Americans don't say each word separately. They say several words together. Americans may say "I dunno" instead of "I don't know". Or they may say "Whaddya say?" instead of "What did you say?" however, the British are more careful in their speech. They usually say all the words and keep them _ .
Words sometimes have different meanings too. Some American words are never used in England. The same thing is true of some British words in America. For example, the vocabulary for cars and driving is very different. Americans drive trucks, but in England people drive lorries.
Many expressions are also different in the two countries. In England, if you are going to telephone your friends, you "phone them up". In America, you "give them a call".
There're also some differences in grammar. For example, when Americans ask a question., they say "Do you have a storybook?" But the British often say "Have you a storybook?"
All these differences can be confusing  if you are learning English. But most languages are like this. Languages change over time. When people live in separate places, the languages change in different ways. This is what has happened to English. It can also happen to other languages, such as French. Many people in Canada speak French but their French is very different from the French of France.
The question is: Language   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:are always changing as time passes
B:keep unchanged even if time changes
C:are the same in all places
D:are easy to learnIn a Police Mess , an officer wanted to get some fresh vegetables. He was so pleased with his mushrooms that he decided to share them. When their breakfast arrived the next day, each officer found some mushrooms on his plate.
"Try the dog with a piece first." Suggested one cautious officer who was afraid that the " mushrooms" might be poisonous.
The dog seemed to enjoy its mushrooms, and the officers then began to eat their meal, saying that the mushrooms tasted wonderful.
An hour later, however, there was great confusion when the gardener rushed in to announce that the dog was dead. Immediately, the officers jumped into their cars and rushed to the nearest hospital. Stomach pumps were used and the officers had a very unpleasant time getting rid of the remains of the mushrooms.
When they returned to the mess, they sat down and started to discuss the symptoms of the mushroom poisoning. The gardener was called in to give a full account of the way the poor dog had died. " Did it suffer much before death?" asked one of the officer, feeling very pleased that he had escaped a painful death himself. The gardener looked rather surprised , " No, " he said in a puzzled tone. " It was killed when a car ran over it."
, .
The question is: What did the officers share the next morning ?
The possible answers are:
A:Meat
B:Mushrooms
C:Fresh fruit
D:NothingDear Boarding Students,
At this time of school year,we can feel some students begin to experience excitement as the summer vacation comes. But some others still don't want to start packing. I once again ask for your attention as we will have summer camps for the new students. There is much work to be done in packing and cleaning-up,especially during exam week.
Each student will get a task list and each task has a deadline .The dorm teachers will work with each student each night to make sure you are getting the tasks done on time. It would be helpful if your parents encourage you to do a little packing and cleaning from now on. It means you can take the posters off the wall,pack up winter clothes,return all borrowed books to the library,etc. Spending twenty minutes a day on your tasks will make the last week of the term very easy,and you can spend more time on the important preparation for exams. If you plan to travel home,I'd like to remind you to take some of your _ with you.
The coming weekend is a"closed weekend".During that time no one is allowed to leave school. After packing we need to prepare the dorms for moving out,and store students' large belongings.
The last exam is on Thursday and all students leave after their exam. The dorm will remain open until 5 p. m. on Friday for those students that could not get a ride or flight. Please let us know if you need transportation to the airport.
Thank you again for all your attention during the last,busy month of school. As always,you,welcome to call or email me with any questions.
Peter Margio
Director of Campus Life
453-757-2630
pmargioC baylinschool. com
The question is: Boarding students should  _   according to the passage.
The possible answers are:
A:remember to store their small backpacks
B:go shopping with their parents
C:leave school during the "closed weekend"
D:all leave after their exam on Thursday"Haibao,the mascot of the 2010 Shanghai World Expo,is very cute,"said Gu Hui,a school kid."I want a big toy like the mascot."
Haibao looks like the Chinese wordren,which means people or a person.The name,a typical lucky one in Chinese tradition comes from the Chinese phrase "Si Hai Zhi Bao" --the treasure of the four seas.It also means the treasure of Shanghai,which lies beside the sea.
Haibao's blue curly hair looks like the waves of the sea.Its smile is a sign of the healthy spirit of China.Those thumbs-up will welcome millions of people to Shanghai from around the world.Its big feet show China has the ability to host a successful Expo.
Haibao was created by two artists,one from the mainland  and the other from Taiwan.The design is about people living together in the city.The designers want it to fit the theme of the Shanghai Expo,that is,a good life should be created by all the people and people should have harmonious relationships  with nature and society,so that life in cities would be better.
Surely the mascot will become the lucky symbol and cultural remark of Shanghai Expo.
The question is: Which of the following is NOT true?
The possible answers are:
A:School children like Haibao.
B:The name Haibao shows Chinese traditional culture.
C:Haibao is the wisdom of two artists.
D:Haibao is an animal living in the sea near Shanghai.If you had the chance to leave the life you have now, what would you do?
Students from Fair-grounds Middle School, New Hampshire, US, chose to lead a special life for a week. They left the city and lived a different life by working on a farm. They handed over their cell phones and lived like any farmer's children. And they enjoyed it!
"I didn't know what would happen when we got there," said Tyler Swift, 14, "but there were so many fun things. So much hard work, too. It was a _ ."
"Getting up at 6 every morning, the students milked cows, spread hay , and washed hundreds of sticky buckets . The hardest part was cleaning up piles of poop  in the animal houses. It smelled bad, but it was lots of fun!
None of the students said no to the work. "With the farmers' help, they did the work better and better. And they learned a lot more than just farming work." said Rick Brown, a science teacher at Fair-grounds.
"You get to know who can do what and learn to work with different people. The children all showed great team work." said Nick Quadros.
The question is: Which of the following is NOT true?
The possible answers are:
A:All of the students were willing to do the work.
B:The children got some help from the farmses.
C:The children learnt just about farming work.
D:The children worked well in teams.Some people believe that schools will no longer be necessary in the near  future.They said that because of the Internet and other new technology, there is no longer any need for school buildings, classes or teachers.Perhaps this will be true one day, but if the world has no schools, I can 't imagine  how our society will be, In fact, we should learn how to use new technology to make schools better.We should invent a new knid of school that is linked to libraries, museums, science centers, labs and even companies.Technological companies should create  learning programs for schools.Scientists or professors could give talks through the Internet.TV networks and local stations could develop programs about things students are actually studying in school.Labs could set up websites to show new technology so students could see it on the Internet.
Is this a dream? No.There are already many cities where this is beginning to happen.Here the whole city is linked to the Internet, and learning can take place at home, at school, and in the office.Businesses provide programs for the schools and the society.The schools provide computer labs for people without their own computers at home.Because everyone  can be on the Internet, older people use it as much as younger ones.And everyone can visit distant  libraries and museums as easily as nearby ones.How will this new kind of school change the usual way of learning? It is too early to be sure, but it is very exciting to think about it.Technology will change the way we learn; schools will change as well; and we will all learn something from the Internet.
The question is: What does "a new kind of school" mean?
The possible answers are:
A:A newly built school.
B:There a re many new students in the schoo l.
C:There are many new teachers in the school.
D:A school, which is linked to Internet.Dear Victor,
I have received your loving letter from school and I am glad to know that you are becoming responsible  enough to decide on your career .
You are now in the final year of high school and are going to start further education in college. You know that we belong to different times, and my social life is different from yours. However, all I can say as advice is that you must choose a career wisely. The first consideration is your interest. You can only succeed and feel happy when you do something you enjoy. You must get a job which not only provides you with something useful, but also you are pleased with. Then, you must read a lot in the field  you are aiming at. Also, you should get to know the men and women who work in that field, when mind and heart work together, success is _ .
No career is more or less important. I think your interest may be in the field of making TV programmes. Your good communication skills, your taking an active part in school plays and the prizes you have won in speech competitions all lead you to that direction. So a career in Mass Communication and TV film production will bring luck to you. If you succeed in that field, you will become famous and rich.
Think a thousand times before making any final decision about your career. After all, we want you to be a man of success.
We all know that you are old enough to think for yourself.
With all the best wishes !
Your loving father
The question is: We can infer that Victor wrote a letter to ask for advice on how to  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:get good marks
B:choose a career
C:prepare for a competition
D:communicate with othersIt is difficult to say exactly how the music we call "rock" or "rock and roll" began. Its roots   go back to many different countries and many different kinds of music and many musicians.
Rock music developed mainly from the interaction  of black African and white European music. The Europeans and the African slaves  who came to America during the seventeenth century each had their own different kinds of music. Black Africans used heavy drumbeats,a rough singing voice,and the calling of a melody  and answer of a chorus. The white Europeans,mostly English and Scots,used a stronger melody,a less heavy beat,and instruments such as guitars,horns,and fiddles. The history of rock and roll is the history of how rock changed from these two traditions.
From the seventeenth to the twentieth century, musicians in the southern United States developed two new forms of music: the blues,usually played by blacks,and country music, played by whites. Black musicians sang the blues with a guitar. This music was similar to work songs:stories of troubles and pain, with lines that were repeated several times. The word "rock and roll" probably came from the black churches in the South, where people sang and danced to the strong rhythms, which they called "rocking and reeling". At the same time, whites were playing country music, which was mostly traditional dancing music and slow songs that told sad stories. The singers played with string instruments such as fiddles and guitars.
During this time blues and country musicians had some influence on each other, but the influence grew stronger after phonograph records  became popular in the late nineteenth century. The birth of the electric guitar changed country and blue music in the 1940s. The sound of the electric guitar would become the sound, of rock and roll. No one thinks of early rock and roll without thinking of Elvis Presley,the"King of Rock and Roll".Rock music continues to develop and change, but the heart and soul of rock is the same heart and soul that Elvis expressed.
The question is: Which of the following NOT right according to the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:In the seventeenth century, many visitors went to America from Europe and Africa.
B:Rock music developed mainly from the interaction of black African and white European music.
C:Musicians in the southern United States developed two new forms of music: the blues and country music from the seventeenth to the twentieth century.
D:Blues and country musicians had some influence on each other during a time in history.The planets aren't the only wanderers  of the sky. There're some things even farther and longer. Long after people were no longer afraid of planets, they still thought the comets  were bad objects that traveled in the sky. They were afraid that the comets would suddenly land on the earth and hurt them.
But, in fact, even if a comet did hit the earth, nothing much happened. A comet is really a harmless  thing.
Comets have round heads and long tails , and they are very bright. Sometimes they look like heads with long hair flying with them. That's why they're called comets. Comet means long-haired.
Like the stars and planets, comets are far away. But we can know its size. The head of a small comet is as wide as the Pacific Ocean. And a big comet's head is ten times as big as the earth. Its tail is millions of kilometers long. Then why wouldn't the great big thing hurt us if it hit the earth? Because it isn't solid. It's thin like cloud. Its tail is nothing but bright gas. And its head is made of small pieces and they could not hurt the earth.
Some comets can be seen for a few months. Then they go away. Some of them come back in a certain number of years. Some are never seen again.
Perhaps these comets that never return have broken into pieces. For some _ think that shooting stars  are pieces of broken comets.
The question is: Which of the following is TRUE ?
The possible answers are:
A:A comet is a kind of planets.
B:Comets are all ten times as big as the earth.
C:People can hardly see comets.
D:Shooting stars may come from the broken comets.Mr. King is a tall and strong man. He teaches P.E. in a middle school. He has a long beard  and takes care of it.
It was Sunday yesterday. There was a big football match of the year on the playground in the centre of the city. Mr. King likes the games very much and of course he was going to watch it. With his friends' help he got a ticket a few days ago. After breakfast he hurried to the bus stop, but a lot of people were waiting there. A bus came. There were lots of people on it and it was difficult for them to put their feet. He had to grip the back of the chair. At the next stop a boy got on the bus. He was short and couldn't grip anything. Suddenly the bus stopped and the boy was likely to fall off. He looked around and saw Mr. King's beard and gripped it. The man found it at once and called out,"Go off my beard, boy!"
"Are you going to get off, sir?"asked the boy.
The question is: Mr. King is a   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:player
B:runner
C:teacher
D:driverWhen you are in trouble,whom will you tell the problems to and ask for help? Someone has made a survey in a middle school.500 students were asked to choose one answer among friends or classmates,parents,head teacher and teachers.Here is the result.Please read the chart and try to get some information.
The question is: Most of the students would like to talk about their problems with   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:friends or classmates
B:parents
C:head teacher
D:teachersExperts know that a disaster is coming but they do not know when it will happen. They do know that it could cause a lot of damage. They think it will be worse than a hurricane. The disaster they are worried about is an earthquake.
There is a break in the earth's crust  . It is called the San Andreas Fault. The San Andreas Fault is in California. Many earthquakes happen along the San Andreas Fault. In 1989 there was a big earthquake on the fault. The earthquake was called the "Loma Prieta Earthquake". Many people were hurt or died. Many buildings were ruined. Lots of people lost their homes. Roads and bridges were also damaged.
A large earthquake could happen in Southern California. Many small earthquakes have happened in the last year. Earthquake experts think that a large earthquake will happen there soon. They think a big earthquake will happen in the next few years.
The San Andreas Fault has many power lines stretched across it. There are water channels close to the earthquake fault. A large earthquake in Southern California would destroy energy and water supplies  . Lots of people would be without power or water for weeks. Buildings that have not been built strong enough would be destroyed. Not all hospitals would be able to help people who were injured. Many people would die or be homeless.
People need to be prepared. They need to know what to do if an earthquake happens. Everyone in California should have a survival kit at home. The emergency kit   would include food and water. There should be medication and first aid supplies in the kit. A good survival kit will also have a portable radio, flashlights and spare batteries. All of the supplies in the kit should last at least 3 days.
The question is: Which of the following isn't mentioned as a result of the "Loma Prieta Earthquake"?
The possible answers are:
A:Many buildings were ruined.
B:Roads and bridges were damaged.
C:Many people were hurt or died.
D:Lots of animals lost their living areas.Reading is a good hobby for all kinds of reasons. First , reading is fun. You can always keep yourself happy if like reading. You will never feel bored or tired. Next, you can read a book anywhere----in a car, on a plane, or even in the bathroom. All you need is a book! Another good reason for reading is that it is useful. If you read as a hobby, you will get better and better at it. And you will read faster and find it easier to understand what you read. As your reading skills improve, you will probably find your schoolwork becomes much better.
Some people say that reading is out of date  . This is not true. You can read on computers, and the better you read, the better your computer skills will be. Good readers may become writers, too. They always have more things to write about.
Reading is a wonderful hobby. Why not start reading ri ght now?
The question is: You can read faster   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:after you read a book
B:after you finish your schoolwork
C:if you read as a hobby
D:if you are a studentMost kids hate doing housework. However, not all hope is lost. There are some things that you can do to get your kids to help you clean your house. If you are struggling with the chores  and need your kids to help you, take a look at some of the creative ways in this article.
If you are dealing with older kids, you may want to try the _ deal. You can give your kids a list of chores that need to be done each week. If they complete these chores, you can give them some money. You can also break the list down and tell them they will get so much for each chore that is finished. Older kids , who like to do things on weekends or buy things like video games, will work hard to complete their chores and earn their money. This is also teaching them responsibility. This is teaching them that they must work for what they want.
If you are dealing with younger kids, you may want to go with the rewards chart . This is where you design a chart and list their chores on the chart. For each chore they complete, you can put a red flower beside it. For the rewards, you canalso do a number of things ,such as going to the park, going out to eat, buying a DVD or something similar. The rewards would be up to you because you know what your kids like.
For real small kids, you can turn it into a game. When kids were much younger, you can teach them to dance around and sing as you cleaned. The kids loved it and would do a wonderful job at picking up their toys. So, consider turning cleaning into a game for the real small kids.
The question is: Why can we put a red flower beside the chore on a chart?
The possible answers are:
A:To know what your kids like.
B:To know how many chores the kids have done.
C:To encourage younger kids to do more chores.
D:To go out to eat or do something similar they like.I'm Lucy. I'm 14 years old. I come to China this year. Now I'm in Beijing International Middle School. I like animals . I think they're my good friends. When I go to school this morning, I meet a man with a cage  . Five birds are in it .
" How do you get these birds?" I ask .
" I give them some food . When they come to eat it , I get them ." The man says .
" They are too poor . Why do you get them ?" I ask the man .
" It's very interesting !" The man says .
" I need to do something ." I think . I want to help the birds .
" Can I buy them ?" I ask .
" Well ," he says , "Give me 50 yuan and your jacket ."
I don't want to give my jacket to him because I like it very much . But for these birds I do it .
The man gives me the cage. Then I let the birds fly out   of the cage . I am happy to do that .
The question is: Why  does the man let the birds eat the food?   _
The possible answers are:
A:Because the birds want to eat it.
B:Because the man like the birds.
C:Because the birds are his friends
D:Because he wants to get the birds.It's getting hotter and hotter outside. Summer is already here! Summer means high temperature, more outdoor activities and all kinds of fruit and vegetables. How can we stay fit in this exciting season? Here are some good suggestions:
Eat and drink properly
What is healthy to eat in summer? Fresh and light food. Fish can be a good choice. It can keep your body energetic and help fight against the burning sun. Another good choice is colorful fruit and vegetables.They not only _ our eyes, but are full of healthy chemicals ( ) .Tomatoes can help protect your skin against sunburn. Blueberries are good for your brain and eyes. The more color,the better!
With all those summertime activities you will be thirsty. What to drink ? Water. Water has zero calories ( ) and is the perfect drink to stop your thirst  ( ) . Try not to drink too many energy drinks, sports drinks and soda drinks which have lots of sugar and caffeine ( )  in them.
Stay active and cool
Summer is a great season to enjoy outdoor activities and play. It s also a goodtime to lose weight. If you are lucky enough to be near a body of water, try water sports like swimming, surfing, water skiing and so on. These sports keep you cool and active at the same time. You'll have no problem beating the heat and keeping fit as well. Be careful of the sunshine. Summer allows us more chances to get outside, but it also means more possibilities to get burnt by the sunshine. If you are going outside, keep away from the sun when it's the strongest--usually between 11 a.m. and 3 p.m. If you have to stay in the sun for a long time, sun cream ( ) ,a big hat and a long - sleeve jacket will be necessary.
The question is: Which can be the best title of the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:How to Stay Healthy
B:How to Lose Weight
C:Enjoy Outdoor Activities in Summer
D:Keep Fit in SummerA poor man has an orange tree in his garden. There are many fine oranges on it. He finds one of the oranges much bigger than the others. It is as big as a ball. the poor man takes the orange to the king. The king is very happy. He gives him a lot of money. A rich man hears of this. He takes his gold cup to the king. He hopes to get much more money from the kind. The king likes the cup very much. He says, "This cup is very nice. I'm going to show you something nicer. Please take this orange." The rich man is very angry and throws the orange away.
The question is: The king   _   the orange.
The possible answers are:
A:doesn't like
B:likes
C:wants to buy
D:wants to sellMy sister Mary is 12 years old. Her birthday is on November 10th. Every year, on the morning of that day, my parents take us to Zig Zag's Clothes Store. There my mother buys some clothes for Mary. Then we go to Huaxing Bookstore. There I buy some CDs for Mary, and my father buys a book for her.
In the afternoon my parents have a birthday party for Mary at home. Mary's friends Bill, Jim and Cindy come to the party. Bill brings some pens for Mary. Jim gives Mary some balls because   she likes playing with them. Cindy gives Mary a cake. Mary is very happy.
Oh, I'm Mary's brother. My name is Nick.
The question is: _   buys clothes for Mary.
The possible answers are:
A:Mary's father
B:Mary's mother
C:Nick
D:BillIn 1901, the citizens of Colorado Springs in the USA decided to collect everyday items and to seal  them in a special box. The box was marked "To be opened after midnight, December 31st, AD 2000",and was kept in the Colorado College Library.
One hundred years later, on the appointed  day, 300 people gathered to watch the opening of the box. Many in the crowd were the descendants  of people who had placed things inside the box.
When the box was opened after midnight, the things inside the box were in very good condition. There were newspapers, photos, diaries, name cards, family trees, books and lots of letters, including one written by Theodore Roosevelt, who became the President of the USA later that year. One of Roosevelt's friends lived in Colorado Springs at that time.
Many of the letters were written to their descendants. They describe the hopes that the people of 1901 had for the people of the next century. At that time, Colorado Springs had just a few thousand people. Now nearly half a million people live there.
Colorado College Library has scanned the materials and put them on a website. Cecil Muller, whose grandfather had placed a collection of postcards in the box, said that the time capsule was a great treasure. "This is a wonderful educational resource .  We can learn so much about our history,"he said. "I never knew my grandfather, but now I feel very close to him. "
The question is: Many of the letters in the time capsule talked about   .
The possible answers are:
A:the history of the town
B:the people who lived in the town
C:the politics of the USA
D:people's hopes for the future,A,B,C,D,. Luisa is from the USA. She lives in New York. She is twenty-one years old. She likes her teaching job. Now she is a teacher in Beijing. From Monday to Friday, she is very busy and gives classes every day. She likes her students a lot and often plays games with them in the afternoon. Her favorite sport is tennis. Sometimes she reads in the reading room  in the afternoon. On weekends, she often goes to see Beijing Opera . She thinks it is very interesting and fun. She collects  many pictures of Beijing Opera. Sometimes she goes to see her friends. She like singing, dancing and drawing.
She has a pen pal in China. The pen pal is a boy, he is from Shanghai. He likes sports and Beijing Opera. They talk about Beijing Opera in the letters. Luisa wants to go to Shanghai to see the pen pal one day.
The question is: Luisa is a  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:teacher
B:pen pal
C:student
D:movie starWho touched the hearts of Chinese people in the past year? Luo Yang, 51, the father of China's carrier jet, who devoted his whole life to the aircraft industry, is no doubt one such person.
Luo was the head of production for the new J-15 fighter. On November 25, he was joining in fighter jet landing exercises for the Liaoning as usual. Shortly after the successful landing of the J-15, Luo experienced a sudden heart attack. He was soon sent to the hospital but the doctors couldn't save his life.
Luo was given an award for his special contribution to the country by China Central Television on February 19.
As general manager of the Shenyang Aircraft Corp, Luo didn't use his power to improve the quality of his life. He gave up the chance to move into a new apartment. His suit was ten years old and his watch strap was faded .All he focused on was the aircraft industry.
Luo seldom had the time for a good chat with his wife and daughter. He always started work at 6 am and returned home around midnight when they were sleeping.
When devoted to his work, Luo always forgot about everything else. His final days were all spent on the J-15. At one point, he felt unwell, but he didn't leave the carrier or see a doctor.
"I spent eight days on the carrier with Luo. He worked all day and night under huge pressure," recalled Meng Jun, one of his colleagues .
Luo's death is a big _ to the country. His example, however, has inspired many people. "It's a pity Luo Yang died when the aircraft carrier achieved success. It's good to see more young people are entering this career now," said Yang Yu, a commentator for China Central Television.
The question is: The passage mainly tells us   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:how Luo Yang became a general manager
B:how Luo Yang inspired young people to enter this career
C:how Luo Yang devoted his whole life to our country's aircraft industry
D:how Luo Yang worked on the LiaoningNasreddin woke up in the middle of the night and saw something white in his garden. It seemed to be moving towards the house.
That is a thief ! He thought, and he took his gun and shot  at him. Then he went back to bed, because he was too frightened) to go out of the house in the dark.
The next morning Nasreddin went out and saw one of his white shirts hanging on the clothes-line in the garden, his wife had washed it the day before and hung it out to dry. Now it had a bullet- hole right through middle of it.
My God, said Nasreddin, I was lucky last night. If I had been wearing that shirt, the bullet would have killed me! And he called his neighbours together and asked them to thank God for saving him.
The question is: . Nasreddin was so frightened that he   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:cried out for help
B:dared not go out of the house
C:dared not stay in his house
D:couldn't say a wordI often walk dogs at an animal shelter  near our house. When they see me, they look so happy, because they know they will get to go outside, play with me and get lots of love from me.
-----Mandy, 12
Every weekend, I go to an animal shelter to help. They have adoption events at pet stores. I help out by talking to people about animals, feeding animals and making sure the cages are clean. It makes me feel great when a cat or dog gets a new home.
----Lucas, 11
Sometimes I do things for my neighbors and ask them to give me some money or clothes. Then I can give these to the unlucky people.
----Linda, 10
I love volunteering! Last week, I cleaned up the houses for people who couldn't do it themselves. I also made gifts for many women on Mother's Day. And I'll help the older people cook dinner next week. I love the feeling I get when the people smile and I know I made a difference in their life.
----Megan, 13
I volunteer at an after-school reading program. I help young children to learn how to read. My favorite part of it is seeing a little child feels excited when he or she learns a new word.
----Victoria, 12
The question is: Which of the following is NOT Lucas' job?
The possible answers are:
A:Walking dogs.
B:Feeding animals.
C:Cleaning the cages.
D:Talking to people about animals.A father and his young son get into a bus in a small city and sit down. The bus conductor comes to them for their money. The man says "I want one ticket to Oxford." and gives her a shilling( ).
The conductor looks at the small boy for a few seconds and then says to him, "How old are you young man?"
The man begins speaking,but the conductor stops him,and the boy says, "I'm four years old at home, and two and a half in buses and trains."
The man has to take six pence  out of his bag and gives the money to the conductor. The conductor gives him one and a half tickets.
The question is: One day the father takes a bus  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:to a small city
B:to get some money
C:with his son
D:to get a ticketTeachers say the digital age has had a good and a not-so-good influence on the American teenagers. More than 2,000 high school teachers took an online survey.
75 percent of the teachers said the Internet and digital search tools have had a "mostly good" use for their students' research habits and skills, But 87 percent agreed that these technologies "make the students not have enough attention." And 64 percent said the technologies "do little to help them in courses."
Judy Buchanan is a director of the National Writing Project. Ms. Buchanan says digital research tools are helping students learn more, and learn faster. Teachers really like these tools, because they are ways to make some of learning exciting. Young people enjoy using these tools. And the goal is to help them become creative students of meaningful work, and not just that kind of copyist.
But one problem the survey found is that many students don't have a good understanding of how to use the digital knowledge well. In other words, they trust  too much of the information. Judy Buchanan says these students have not developed the skills they need to tell whether the online information is good or bad.
Another problem the survey found is something that might not seem like a problem, at all, being-able to quickly find information online. Teachers say the ability of their students to work hard to find answers is becoming weaker. They say students depend too much on search engines   and do not make enough use, of printed books or research, librarians.
Besides, many teachers are also worried about the problem that the Internet makes it easy for students to copy work done by others, instead of using their own abilities.
The question is: What does the writer want to tell us by writing this passage?
The possible answers are:
A:Digital search tools have quite a lot of advantages.
B:Students don't know how to use the digital search tools.
C:Many teachers are worried about the students' abilities.
D:Students should learn how to use the digital tools in a right way.Animals have the ability to make people understand them, especially  when they are in serious danger and hope to get help from man. And they often go together to help one another.
One day, I visited my friend Jack on a sheep farm in North America. Suddenly one sheep came to cry in front of us. She made the most painful  cries. Jack said ,"Something must be wrong. Come on, Mike. Let's follow her."
Together we followed the sheep back to where she was feeding on the farm. She rushed forward and kept on looking back to see if we were coming. She finally took us to an old well   , and we heard the sad voice of her young baby that had fallen into the well. As the well had no water and was only six feet deep, we took a ladder  and climbed down. After a few minutes, the baby sheep was saved. The mother sheep looked happy with the successful   result of the _ . She came to tell us her trouble and got help. How amazing!
The question is: When Mike and Jack went to the well, they found a   _   in it.
The possible answers are:
A:man
B:ladder
C:sheep
D:wolfMany people like to travel by plane, but I don't like it because the airport is usually far from the city. You have to get there early and wait for hours for the plane to take off. You can't open the windows. You can't choose the food. Planes are fast, but it still takes hours to get out of the airport and into the city.
I like travelling by train. I think trains are safe. Railway stations are usually good in cities. When you are late for a train, you can catch another one. You can walk around in the train and open the window. You can see many interesting things on your way, though it takes a little more time.
I also like cars. You can start your journey whenever you want to, and you don't need to get to a railway station or a bus stop. Also you can carry many things with you in a car. But sometimes there are too many cars on the road.
,.
The question is: Which of the following sentences is true according to the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:The writer likes to take a train because it takes a little more time.
B:The writer likes travelling by plane.
C:The writer thinks it takes a lot of time to go to and get out of the airport.
D:The writer likes to take a car because he has a car.Mr. and Mrs. Turner live outside a small town. They have a big farm and they are always busy working on it. Their son, Peter, studied at a middle school. The young man studied hard and did well in his lessons. It made them happy.
Last month Peter finished middle school and passed the entrance examination  . Mrs. Turner was very happy and told the farmers about it.
Yesterday morning the woman went to the town to buy something for her son. On the bus she told one of her friends how clever and able her son was. She spoke very loudly. All the people in the bus began to listen to her.
"Which university   will your son study in?" a woman next to her asked.
"In the most famous university in our country!" Mrs. Turner said happily.
"The most famous university?"
"Oxford University  ."
Most of the passengers   looked at her carefully. Some of them said to her, "Congratulations!"
A woman said, "I'm sure he'll know Fred Smith."
"Who's Fred Smith?"
"He's my son."
"Does he study in the university, too?"
"No, "said the woman. "He is one of the professors ."
The question is: Mrs. Turner spoke so loudly in the bus that   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:her friend could hear her
B:all the people could hear her
C:she hoped to make all the people happy
D:she hoped they would say congratulations to herA woman was at the cinema, and she was enjoying the film very much. But there was a man in the next seat, and he began looking on the floor under him. The woman was angry and whispered, "What are you doing there? What are you looking for?" "A piece of hard chocolate ,"the man whispered to her, "I dropped it on the floor." "A piece of chocolate?" the woman said angrily, "It's dirty now! Take this and be quiet, please! I'm listening to the film!" She gave the man a big piece of chocolate."But," the man said, "my teeth are in the piece on the floor!"
The question is: The word "whisper" means "speak in a   _   voice".
The possible answers are:
A:low
B:loud
C:pleasant
D:bigThe thirteen-year-old Andrew is an American boy. He is a middle school student in Washington. Do you know Washington? It's the capital  of America. Andrew has some pen friends. Two of them come from China. They are Molly and Simon. Their Chinese names are Zhao Mei and Ma Li. Zhao Mei is a girl and she is in Zhejiang; Ma Li is a boy and he is in Hebei. They are good at English, so they always write to Andrew in English. Andrew wants to know more about China, and he thinks Chinese is useful. He will come to China with his parents for a trip next month. Now Andrew is really happy and he wants to tell his friends about it.
Do you want to make friends with Andrew? You can write to him. His e-mail address is andrew008@hotmail.com.
The question is: Who is in Hebei?
The possible answers are:
A:Zhao Mei.
B:Ma Li.
C:Andrew.
D:No one.Who do you think are the most important people in your life, your parents, your sisters or your brothers, or your friends? I think your answer must be "my friends". Some teenagers often say their parents don't understand them. In large families, brothers and sisters often argue with each other. So most of us think friends are the most important people in our lives.
It is very important for teenagers to have one good friend or a group of friends. As for the reason, it may be because we can discuss some private things with friends. Of course we won't tell these thi ngs to our family members.
However, parents often try to choose friends for us. They may even stop us from meeting some of our best friends. In fact, they do it just because they care for us too much. But they often neglect our real feeling. How can you solve this problem? I think the best way is to find a right time to talk with parents about our real feelings.
The question is: The writer thinks the best way to solve the problem is  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:to make more friends
B:to avoid meeting friends
C:to tell parents our real feelings
D:to let parents choose friends for usIt was a winter morning, just a couple of weeks before Christmas 2005. While most people were warming up their cars, Trevor, my husband, had to get up early to ride his bike four kilometers away from home to work. On arrival, he parked his bike outside the back door as he usually does. After putting in 10 hours of work, he returned to find his bike gone.
The bike, a black Kona 18 speed, was our only transport. Trevor used it to get to work, putting in 60-hour weeks to support his young family. And the bike was also used to get groceries ,saving us from having to walk long distances from where we live.
I was so sad that someone would steal our bike that I wrote to the newspaper and told them our story. Shortly after that, several people in our city offered to help. One wonderful stranger even bought a bike, then called my husband to pick it up. Once again my husband had a way to get to and from his job. It really is an honor that a complete stranger  would go out of their way for someone they have never met before.
People say that a smile can be passed from one person to another, but acts of kindness from strangers are even more so. This experience has had a spreading effect in our lives because it made our confidence in humanity stronger as a whole. And it has also influenced us to be more mindful  of ways we can share with others. No matter how big or how small, an act of kindness shows that someone cares. And the results can be continuing for ever.
The question is: Why was the bike so important to the couple?
The possible answers are:
A:They used it for work and daily life.
B:It was borrowed from their friend.
C:It was a nice Kona18 speed.
D:The man's job was bike racing.A recent survey of 2000 parents in Britain showed that they are often afraid of science questions asked by their curious children only because they have no idea what the answer is. Here is a list of some simple questions that you can ask your parents to see if they know the answers.
Q: Why is the sky blue?
A: You probably know white sunlight is made up of seven colors. While it moves in a straight line when going through space, it starts to divide as it hits "raised area" in the atmosphere. The ones with longest wavelengths pass through easily. The blue , however , can be taken in by the gas molecules   because it has a shorter wavelength , which in turn scatters   it in different directions. That's why when you look up at the sky, it appears to be blue.
Q:Why does the moon sometimes appear during the daytime?
A: The simple answer to that is because just like any other object it is being lit by the sun. As long as it is around 45 degrees or even 90 degrees off the sun, it will receive light and be able to be seen. The only time it is not able to be seen during its 28-day orbit   around the earth is when it is right between the earth and the sun. That's because its back , which is not lit by the sun, is facing us.
Q: Where do birds/ honeybees go in winter?
A: While the bird part is quite easy, since a lot of them get together and travel, the honeybee part is likely to puzzle your parents. It turns out that these busy insects stop being that active when the temperature drops below 50degF. Instead ,they get together in the lower central area of the hive  and form a ball around their queen. This helps keep both warm enough to survive the cold winter months.
The question is: How long can't the moon be seen during the daytime in a month?
The possible answers are:
A:2
B:28
C:30
D:31Mr Smith likes to be exact . One day when he is walking in the street ,a woman comes and asks him, "Excuse me, where's the nearest bookshop?"
"The nearest bookshop? You have to cross a bridge and then turn to the right. When you see a post office, turn left. You can see a shop between a bank and a school on your right."
"Is it far?"
"No, it is not far. You can go there on foot."
"Is the bridge long?"
"Yes, it's about thirty metres."
The woman thanks him and goes towards(, ) the bridge. Suddenly she hears someone running after her."Stop!" Mr Smith shouts."I'm sorry. I just remember the bridge is forty metres long. If you go thirty metres and then turn to the right as I told you, you will fall into  the river."
The question is: Where does the woman want to go?
The possible answers are:
A:A bookshop.
B:A bank.
C:A post office.
D:A school.The H1Nl virus has been spreading world-wide,it is important for us to know how to control it.Please pay attention to the following points:
1.Don't touch your face.Above all,keep your hands away from your eyes,mouth and nose,all of which serve pathways  for the viruses  to enter your body.
2.Wash your hands.If you have to touch your face,wash your hands,getting under the fingernails for 20 to 30 seconds with hot soap and water before.Soaps with surfactants  can deal with flu viruses.
3.Cover your nose and mouth.When someone sneezes or coughs,liquid  drops with flu viruses as far as three feet through the air and land on your nose and mouth,so it's best to keep at least an arm's length distance when talking to someone who shows signs of infection .In order to protect others,cover your mouth and nose with a tissue  when you cough or sneeze,and clean your hands afterward.Viruses can live for hours,or even longer when on the skin or other surfaces such as keyboards.
4.Consider buying a mask in case you need it in the future.Some research suggests that masks reduce the risk of getting the flu viruses by as much as 80%.But it also suggests that if you don't wash hands,the mask doesn't work well.So wash your hands and use the mask,especially wearing face masks in crowded places is also useful.
,.
The question is: Which of the statements is Not True?
The possible answers are:
A:Wash your hands before meals.
B:When you cough or sneeze,you should cover your mouth and nose with a tissue.
C:You shouldn't often touch your mouth,eyes and nose.
D:When you put a mask,you can often go to the crowded places.Hi, Peter. Thank you for your telephone call. I'm happy to tell you that we have a double room for you now. It's on the fifth floor. It faces the West Lake, so you can see it well. The price for each room is $150 per night. Every morning from 7:00 to 9:30, there is a free breakfast, but you have to pay if you have lunch and supper in the hotel. Remember to bring your ID card with you. If you have any more questions, please let us know and we will be pleased to help you. We _ you to come to the hotel on August 16. We hope you will enjoy your stay with us. Thanks again for choosing our hotel.
The question is: Which meal is free according to the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:The breakfast.
B:The lunch.
C:The dinner.
D:The supper.Do you think hard work can make anything possible? If you don't, you may want to read the book We Can Do written by Moshe Kai Cavalin. It might change your mind.
Moshe Kai Cavalin is a 14-year-old American boy. He is about to graduate from UCLA (University of California at Los Angeles) this year. Before that, he had already gotten a degree   from East Los Angeles Community College in 2009.
Recently, Cavalin published   the book We Can Do. In this book, he talks about how to achieve things we want, by keeping yourself focused   and trying your best to do everything. He says this doesn't need genius  , just hard work.
Cavalin says being called a genius "has always bothered   me... People need to know they don't have to be geniuses; they just need to work hard and they can achieve anything. If I can reach the stars, others can reach the Milky Way(,)."
The idea of writing a book came from a teacher named Richard Avila at his first college. Cavalin says Avila inspired   him to write a book to explain how he succeeded, so he could inspire other people.
It took Cavalin four years to finish the book. Because his mother is Chinese, she wanted to publish the book in Chinese. So Cavalin translated the book into Chinese by himself. The book did well in Taiwan, Singapore and Malaysia.
The question is: Cavalin owes   his success to the following EXCEPT that   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:he can focus on one thing
B:he has tried his best to do things
C:he was born a genius
D:he worked hard at his dreamFor years I went to school by bus,so I met many"familiar"strangers.We took the same bus but didn't know each other's names.I used to think it was impossible for us to be true friends.How wrong I was!Smiles from the"nameless"people have changed my thoughts.
The first time I got on the bus,I saw different faces.We met,greeted and cold faces turned into smiling faces.As days went on,we chatted like old friends.
But I felt it a pity that I was unable to set up the same friendship with a silent girl in the front of the bus.Her old clothing suggested that she didn't have much money,but she always took a cup of water for the driver.I guessed she was a kind girl.But why did she sit in silence instead of talking with us?Why did she never reply to our friendly greetings?Couldn't she smile?
Then,one evening,I got the answer.I walked to the park nearby and found the girl sitting alone under a tree,lonely and sad.I greeted her with the same warm smile that I had shown to her all these months,but this time her face turned red,then a shy smile appeared.As soon as she began her first words,I understood why she hadn't spoken to us before.Talking was hard for her.
I learnt her story:Her parents worked hard somewhere.She lived with her disabled grandparents.She said,"I can't express myself very well.Most of the time,I can't say what I want to say.I have no friends but...you always smile to me like an angel...so I also want to smile."That evening,we exchanged our names and we said goodbye like old friends.
Smile is the key to opening the door of the heart;it can break the cold walls in front of us.
The question is: The writer often met the girl  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:on the bus
B:in the park
C:at school
D:under the treeMr. and Mrs. Brown were going abroad for their holiday. They had a lovely dog called Blackie, but they could not take it abroad with them, so they had to look for a good place to leave it while they were away, and at last they found a place which looked after dogs very well while their owners were away. They left Blackie there just before they started for their holiday.
At the end of their holiday, they came back to Sydney very late at night, and as they thought that the place where Blackie was staying might be closed at that late hour, they decided to wait until the next morning.
So the next morning Mr. Brown got into his car and drove off happily to meet Blackie. When he got home with the dog, he said to his wife, "Do you know, dear, I don't think Blackie enjoyed his stay at that place very much. He barked(,) all the way home in the car as if he wanted to tell me something."
Mrs. Brown looked at the dog carefully and then answered, "You are quite right, dear. He was certainly trying to tell you something. But he wasn't trying to tell you that he hadn't enjoyed his stay at that place. He was only trying to tell you that you were bringing the wrong dog home."
The question is: Mr. and Mrs. Brown stayed   _   before they went to get Blackie back.
The possible answers are:
A:at home
B:in the car
C:outside the house
D:in the open airAmerica is the world's largest food exporter  . But the worst drought   in half a century is hitting corn and wheat harvests.
By twenty-fifty, the world will have to produce at least sixty percent more food to feed more and more people. China, a major food importer  , is looking to producers around the world to make sure it can get enough food in the future.
The serious drought in the United States is adding to care about world food and prices. China has invested   in food production in Australia and New Zealand. A new source   of food is Ukraine. Ukraine was known as the breadbasket of Europe because of rich corn and wheat harvests a century ago.
Galyna Kovtok is chief manager of Ukraine's largest agricultural business, ULF. She says that within a few months her company will export corn to China. That will make Ukraine the first country outside the Americas to do so. Across the Black Sea area -- in Ukraine, Russia and Kazakhstan -- drought this year is pushing harvests down by fifteen to twenty percent.
Traditionally, the Black Sea area is the main source of wheat for North Africa and the Middle East. But this year, Russia may have to _ exports. However, Africa and the Middle East are now having competition with China.
The question is: China is investing in Ukraine mainly to   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:make sure of getting its future food
B:help the poor people there
C:build up a good relationship with Ukraine
D:have competition with Africa and the Middle EastHAS Travel Dot is a travel agency which offers many interesting travel packages.
 _ $ 2900  Depart : Mar. 21, 2014 Return: Mar. 29, 2014
Australia's Gold Coast is a modern city of high-rise buildings, built around beautiful beaches. There are international theme parks, first-class restaurants, and lively nightclubs.
 _ $3500   Depart: Apr. 1, 2014    Return: Apr. 6, 2014
In every corner of Britain, you'll find many great attractions, from small local museums to world-famous attractions like Big Ben and the Houses of Parliament.
 _ $ 3200  Depart: Apr. 3, 2014    Return: Apr. 12, 2014
It is a wonderful place in Canada. Fresh water, lakes and rivers, as well as the St. Lawrence River make it a perfect destination  for boating, fishing, and camping.
 _ $700    Depart: Mar. 23, 2014   Return: Mar. 28, 2014
Penang, a state in Malaysia, is one of the most famous islands in South-East Asia. It is well-known for its culture and food. It is also a shopping paradise . You will be able to find things like handicraft, jewellery, clothes and many more at attractive prices.
For more information, please visit our website at _ .
The question is: Gold Coast is a modern city in   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:Britain
B:Malaysia
C:Australia
D:CanadaCars are lots of fun, but they could also be dangerous. We have to be careful when we drive them or ride in them.
It's always a good idea to put on your seat belt when you're in a car. Why? Think about this example: You put an egg on a skateboard and give it a push. If the skateboard hits a stone, it will stop, but the egg won't. It will fly through the air, hit the ground and break.
Now, think what would happen if you tied the egg to the skateboard. When the skateboard hits a stone, the egg won't go flying; it will stay safely on the skateboard.
Volvo, a famous Swedish carmaker, was the first to use seat belts in 1849.
Air bags are also very important for car safety, because sometimes a seat belt isn't enough. If the car is going really fast and runs into something, seat belts could even hurt the people who wear them. Most new cars have air bags in front of and next to the seats. When a car hits something, its air bags will come out quickly in less than one second to keep the people inside safe.
The question is: The passage mainly tells us  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:two important ways to keep safe in cars
B:how air bags work to make cars safe
C:how seat belts work to make cars safe
D:why we must tie the egg to the skateboardSmog is a big problem in many Chinese cities. But it seems that besides wearing a mask, few of us know what has caused the smog and what to do to beat it. Chai Jing, a former news interviewer with CCTV, discussed the questions in her documentary Under the Dome.
The 103-minute film was on websites on Feb 28. In the film, Chai visits polluted places and talks to officials and scientists. She thinks that burning too much coal and oil are the main causes of PM2.5 and smog.
To solve the problem, Chai suggests that we should clean our coal and oil or replace them with cleaner energy such as natural gas.
In her film, Chai also emphasized   that everyone can do something to help control smog too. For example, we can live a greener life by using more public transport. Or if we see things that could harm the environment, we can try to stop it. In the film, when she sees a restaurant cooking without any suitable filter facilities  , she calls the hotline 12369. The restaurant installed the filter a week later.
Chen Jining, the new minister of environmental protection, praised Chai. "This film encourages ordinary people to take notice of the environment. This is what we need in the future."
The question is: What's Chen Jining's attitude towards Chai's film?
The possible answers are:
A:He didn't watch it.
B:He thought highly of it.
C:He disagreed with it.
D:He disliked it.November 9 is a time for us to learn a lot more about fire . This is what to do in a fire:
1.Shout out. Shout as loudly as you can, because people may be asleep.
2.Call 119. Never try to put out a fire yourself. Tell 119 where you are and what is on fire.
3.Keep down close to the floor. There is less smoke down there, so it's easier to breathe and see where you are going.
4.Test the door. If the door is cool, open it carefully. If the door is hot, do not open it! Try to find a different way out.
5.Get out. Do not stop to pick up anything. A fire can become very big in a few seconds!
6.Don't use the lift. Always use the stairs. The lift may go wrong and keep you inside.
7.Don't go back .Even if you have left your pet or favorite toy inside, do not go back for it. Animals have a very good sense of smell. They often get out of buildings before people.
The question is: When is the National Fire Prevention Day ?
The possible answers are:
A:December 9
B:November 9
C:November 11
D:September 11My life plan is to visit all the states in the US. Several years ago, my husband and I were traveling in the northwest. One day, when we were having our breakfast, I lost my wallet that had over $300 in it. There was no way for us to be able to find it, but we went on with our trip.
We went off to drive around and enjoy the city, completely forgetting my missing wallet. Later on, when I checked my phone, there was a message from the boss of the restaurant where we had our breakfast:
"I have something that belongs to you, and you're going to be very happy."
We got back to the restaurant and there was the wallet on the table with all the money in it!
The boss's son found the wallet in front of the door, and brought it to him. He thought that it must belong to someone who had a meal in the restaurant, so he checked inside and found my phone number on a piece of paper.
The question is: Which of the following words can describe the boss best?
The possible answers are:
A:Interesting.
B:Nice.
C:Hard-working.
D:Stupid.There are some special traditions in Hawaii . People there are very friendly and always welcome visitors . They give visitors a lei , a long necklace of beautiful fresh flowers . Men wear bright flowered shirts , and women often wear long flowered dresses .
In Hawaii you may find some traditional Chinese , Japanese and Philippine holidays . Of course , many holidays are from the United States . People call Hawaii the Aloha State . Aloha means both "hello" and "good--bye". It also means "I love you " .
Usually when people from different countries , races or traditions lives together , there are serious problems . But in Hawaii there are few problems , people have learned to live together in peace .
Hawaiians earn most of their money from tourists , most of whom come from the mainland and from Japan . The families of the first people who came from the U.S. mainland own the important banks and companies . Japanese are  also starting business and buying more and more land .
The question is: From the passage we know that Hawaiians are mostly   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:rude to others
B:friendly to others
C:visitors from the mainland
D:tourists from JapanI don't like talking openly about my feelings. That's probably why I am writing this, because it seems an easier way of telling you how thankful I am to you.
When I first got ill two years ago and had to be taken to hospital, you were the first person I called to tell, maybe because I knew Mum wasn't going to answer her phone, but probably because you are the first person I call in an emergency.
As one illness turned into another and I was stuck in hospital for weeks, feeling sorry for myself, you were still at my beside trying to talk to me to cheer me up. The illness hit my kidney  and we then realized that I was going to need a transport sooner or later. You put yourself forward to be tested as soon as possible and it turned out you were a perfect match.
Then last year, in March, we both went down for the operation. I woke a few hours afterwards and felt better. It wasn't until the following day that we got to see each other again. We hugged silently and asked one another how we were. But I never said the words I should have--- thank you. To this day, I still haven't said those words to you for my kidney.
In the month after the operation, when we were both at home recovering, I made you lunch, went for walks with you. It's my way of saying that I care for you a great deal and that I am truly thankful for what you did for me.
I want you to know that my silence towards you and the times you tried to talk to me and got nothing weren't because of you. Maybe one day when you will read this, I hope you know that in my own silent way, I am for ever thankful.
The question is: The writer developed the passage in the form of  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:a letter
B:a report
C:a review
D:a novelAn artist went to a beautiful part of the country for a holiday, and stayed with a farmer. Every day he went out with his paints and brushes and painted from morning to evening, and then when it got dark, he went back to the farm and had a good dinner before he went to bed.
At the end of his holiday he wanted to pay the farmer, but the farmer said, "No, I don't want money... but give me one of your pictures. What is money? In a week it will all be finished, but your painting will still be here."
The artist was very pleased and thanked the farmer for saying such kind things about his pictures. The farmer smiled and answered, "It's not that. I have a son in London. He wants to become an artist. When he comes home next month, I'll show him your picture, and he will not want to be an artist any more, I think. "
The question is: The farmer asked the artist to give him a picture because   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:he liked his picture
B:he didn't want his money
C:he wanted to sell his pictures for some money
D:he wanted to show it to his sonMy friend Matt and I arrived at the Activity Centre on Friday evening. The accommodation wasn't wonderful,but we had everything we needed(beds,blankets,food),and we were pleased to be out of the city and in the fresh air.
On Saturday morning we met the other ten members of our group. Cameron had come along with two friends,Kevin and Simon,while sisters Carole and Lynn had come with Amanda. There were some other members I didn't know. We had come from different places and none of us knew the area.
We knew we were going to spend the weekend outdoors,but none of us was sure exactly how. Half of us spent the morning caving while the others went rock-climbing and then we changed at lunchtime. Matt and I went to the caves  first. Climbing out was harder than going in,but after a good deal of pushing, we were out at last. Though we were covered with mud,we were pleased and excited by what we'd done.
,.
The question is: There were   _   members in all in the writer's group.
The possible answers are:
A:6
B:8
C:l0
D:12When Mary was seven, her family moved to a new town. She usually went to school by bus, for it was not near her house.
One morning, their family clock stopped and when they got up, it was too late for Mary to catch the school bus. Her mother said she would drive Mary to school on her way to the office.
"But how can you find the way, Mum?" Mary asked. " You have only been to my school once.
"Yes," her mother answered. "But you've been there by school bus seven times, you know the way. "Oh, yes" said Mary.
They started out and Mary asked her mother to turn one way or another on their way to school, so she made her mother drive round most of the town before they got there. When they arrived, her mother found it was not really very far from their house.
"Why did you make me go such a long way?" her mother asked her. "Well, Mum." answered Mary. "I know only this way. The bus always goes like this, so the other children can take it to school."
The question is: How did Mary usually went to school?
The possible answers are:
A:By car.
B:By bike.
C:On foot.
D:By school bus.Do animals have a culture? What do we mean by "culture"? Lately social scientists have begun to ask if culture is found just in humans, or if some animals have a culture too. When we speak of culture, we mean a way of life a group of people have in common. Culture includes the beliefs and attitudes we learn. It is the patterns of behavior that help people to live together. It is also the patterns of behavior that make one group of people different from another group.
Our culture lets us make up for having lost out strength, claws, long teeth, and other defenses. Instead we use tools, cooperate with one another, and communicate with language. But these aspects of human behavior, or "culture", can also be found in the lives of certain animals. Animals can make tools, for example. We used to think that the ability to use tools was the dividing line between human beings and other animals. Lately, however, we have found that this is not the case. Chimpanzees can not only use tools but actually make tools themselves. Animals can also share knowledge with each other and use their own language to communicate. So it may be important for us to know that the line dividing us from animals is not as clear as we used to think.
The question is: When we talk about "culture", we mean   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:book language of behavior we learn
B:the patterns of behavior we learn
C:traditional ideas
D:people's habitsJack was a skilled artist with a wife and two sons. One night, his elder son had a stomachache  . Thinking it was only some common intestinal  disorders, neither Jack nor his wife took it seriously. But the boy died suddenly that night.
Knowing the death could have been avoided if he had only realized the seriousness of the situation, Jack always felt guilty. His wife left him a short time later, leaving him alone with his six-year-old younger son. The hurt and pain of the two situations were more than that Jack could stand, so he turned to alcohol   for help. Later, Jack began to lose everything he had --- his land, house, etc. Finally Jack died alone in a small bar. Hearing of Jack's death, I thought, "What a totally wasted life! What a complete failure!"
As time went by, I knew Jack's younger son who grew into an adult, Ernie. He is one of the kindest and most loving men I have ever known. I saw the love between Ernie and his children, thinking that kindness and caring had to come from somewhere. One day, I asked him what his father had done so that he became such a special person. Ernie said quietly, "As a child until I left home at 18, Jack came into my room every night, gave me a kiss and said, 'love you, son'."
The question is: Why did the elder son die?
The possible answers are:
A:Because the elder son didn't want to go to the hospital.
B:Because Jack and his wife did not take it seriously.
C:Because the hospital was very far from their home.
D:Because Jack was not at home that time.American country music is also known as   country western music .It has a very long history . It comes from the folk songs of immigrants  from Britain.
Country music users simple music and words to express everyday feelings such as loneliness, love , and sadness . That is to say , country music describes life . It talks about friends and  enemies , trucks and roads , farm and crops.. People in many parts of the world like country music, because everyone can understand what the music is about .
Country western music became popular first among cowboys  in the American west countryside . Cowboys had to take care of cows day and night. When they were alone with the cows, they often sang beautiful and peaceful songs to _ and to overcome their own fear .They were not well-educated and so they sang about their daily life in very simple words .They played guitars, violins. and other instruments. In the south of America ,  many people added instruments from their homes , like bottles and spoons, When cowboys visited their friends and families on holidays like Thanksgiving , they usually sang and played country western music .
In recent years ,many musicians have made country western music a little different from the one in the past.These changes make the songs sound even better.Today singers such as Carth Brooks.Reba McEntire. Emmylou Harris. Lyle Lovett,Eddie Rabbitt, LeAnn Rimes,Randy Travis and a group called Alabama are singing and playing in different styles.They have brought country western music more and more fans from all over the wold.
,.
The question is: The best title  for the passage is   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:Americans Love American Country Music.
B:The History of American Country Music.
C:Singers and Fans of American Country Music
D:All Kinds of American Music, Yesterday and Today.1970 was World Conservation Year. The United Nations wanted everyone to know that the world was in danger. They hoped something could be done.
Here is one example of the problem. At one time there were 1,300 kinds of plants, trees and flowers in Holland ,but now only 866 are left. The others have been destroyed by modern people and their science. We are polluting earth, air, water and everything around us. We can't live without these things. If things go on like this, we shall destroy ourselves.
What will happen in the future? Perhaps it's more important to ask "What must we do?" More and more young people have known this. Many of them are helping to save our earth. For example, they plant trees. In a small town in the United States, a large group of girls cleaned the banks of 11 kilometers of their river. Young people may hear about conversation through a song called "No one's going to change our world". It was made by Cliff Gichard and other singers. The money from it will help to conserve tigers, elephants and pandas on the earth.
The question is: What must we do now according to the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:Save the world
B:Clean the banks of river
C:Sing songs
D:Get moneyGenerally speaking, American food is not very thick in taste. Salads are much liked and are served all year round. Many Americans are trying to keep down their weight. This is shown in menus offering "low calorie " or "weight watchers" meals. In markets, one can find "No Cal" drinks (meaning without calories) such as cola.
Many Americans drink coffee or tea with their meal. If a waiter in an American restaurant asks "Now or later?", what he means is "Do you want coffee with your meal or later?" When eating out in the USA, we can ask for tea, milk, beer, and so on, if we prefer these to coffee. American restaurants cannot serve beer, wine, or liquor unless they are licensed to do so.
The main dish in American meals is usually meat, chicken or fish, but more than one of these is hardly served at the same meal.
Most Americans eat quickly during the day--that is, breakfast and lunch--unless it is a social, business, or family situation. The evening meal, however, is usually a family time. Racing through daytime meals is part of the "American pace" of life, for working hours are considered important.
The nationwide fast-food restaurants are suitable for the ways of American eating. The standard  products, of nearly the same price, are served quickly, and taste the same whether bought in New York City or in Los Angeles.
McDonald's is a popular restaurant. It offers many choices of hamburgers, French fries and "cokes". These foods are rich in fats, sugar and salt. Often, they are the major meal of the day of many young working people.
The question is: . In American restaurants which of the following is NOT true?
The possible answers are:
A:Many American people like salads.
B:Coffee can be served after a meal.
C:One can order tea if he doesn't like coffee.
D:All restaurants can sell beer and wine.In America, seldom do you go anywhere without hearing a principle called WIN-WIN. It sounds strange to me at first because throughout my childhood, I have always been taught to try everything possible to win an upper-hand, rather than to help other people win. However, as time goes by, I have gradually understood the essence   of WIN-WIN principle--it is the way of winning on both sides.
When I was little, I used to play Chinese checkers   which includes two basic tactics  : One is to create paths for yourself; the other is to prevent your rival  moving. Players may use these two totally different ways in the game, but the key for the player to win is to continuously create paths for him even if his rival may take advantage of it. Finally he can always reach the goal a few steps ahead of the other player.
In the 1990s, a strategy  called WIN-WIN became widespread in the western world. Its aim is to achieve your success while giving other people some advantages, so there is no real loser. One example of using the WIN-WIN principle is the voluntary system in the US. Most Americans support the spirit of voluntary contribution. In the US, schools and children organizations usually encourage and support kids to take part in community activities so that the voluntary spirit can be _ in their minds from childhood.
In China, it's quite usual that some people are too selfish and never take people's interests into consideration, while someone who really has courage to do something for the public is often called "foolish" or "silly". Actually helping other people can be of great delight for the helper, for he can also learn something useful for his life such as sympathy, care, devotion, etc. So only if you take other people's interests into consideration , you can make sure to win what you want.
The question is: The purpose of the author in writing the passage is   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:to tell us the cultural differences between China and the US.
B:to tell us the different educational systems in the US and China.
C:to tell us the importance and meaning of WIN-WIN.
D:to show that WIN-WIN is popular in the US and China.After eleven years of marriage, a couple had a boy. They were a loving couple and the boy was a gem of their eyes.
When the boy was around two years old, one morning the husband saw a medicine bottle open. He was late for work, so he asked his wife to cap the bottle and keep it in the cupboard. His wife who was busy in the kitchen forgot the matter.
The boy saw the bottle, playfully went to it, was fascinated by its color and drank it all. It happened to be a poisonous  medicine. When the child fell to the ground, the mother took him to the hospital in a hurry, where he died. The mother was stunned. She was terrified at how to face her husband.
When the father came to the hospital and saw the dead child, he looked at his wife and just said, "I'm with you, darling."
The child is dead. He can never be brought back to life. There is no point in finding fault with the mother. Besides, if only he had taken time to keep the bottle away, this would not have happened. No one is to blame . She had also lost her only child. What she needed at that moment was consolation  and sympathy  from the husband. That is exactly what he gave her.
The question is: What's the best title for the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:Keep the medicine from your kid.
B:Candy or Medicine?
C:How to keep children safe.
D:I'm with you."One of my actors is sick! He has just one line and you're the only one who fits his clothes!" One afternoon, the school drama director suddenly shouted to me. She seemed so nervous and worried that I felt sorry for her and said, "Ok".
"You will be fine. It's easy!" She said. But it wasn't easy at all. On the stage, four other actors and actresses spoke their lines, and I opened my mouth. Nothing came out. I couldn't even breathe. I just wanted to leave. The next thing I knew, I was running off the stage.
As I was running off the stage, I accidentally knocked over a glass of grape juice that was on a table. The purple juice hit the girl next to me --- Andrea, the leading actress of the drama. She gave me a nasty look. I thought she was going to kill me!
But then, Andrea quickly said, "Darling, you're so silly! Let's toast  to my darling's silliness! Cheers!" She grabbed another glass of grape juice and drank it. The other actor quickly followed Andrea's lead and saved the scene. The audience thought my mistake was part of the play!
I apologized to everyone after the play. To my surprise, they were not angry with me. They told me, "It's all a part of being on stage." I could be wrong, but I think I liked being on stage. I think I will try again.
The question is: From the passage, we know that Andrea was a   _   leading actress.
The possible answers are:
A:silly
B:pretty
C:quick-minded
D:warm-heartedHello, I'm Linda. This is Jen. She's my mum. She's 38 years old. She's wearing a red coat, a pair of red shoes and a pair of blue pants. She often wears a big hat, too. She is a teacher. And the students in her school like her very much. She likes singing  . But she doesn't like   playing sports. On Sundays, she goes shopping with me.
,.
The question is: Jen is Linda's  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:friend
B:mum
C:classmate
D:sisterOne day a rich boy bought a magic mirror  . When he got home, he looked in the mirror. His face looked sad. He tried to smile and make funny faces, his face looked still sad. Then he did many happy things, but his face always looked sad. "Oh, what a terrible mirror! It doesn't work! " he said angrily. The next day on his way to buy some chocolate, he saw a little girl crying sadly. The rich boy went up to her and asked what happened. The little girl said she couldn't find her parents.
"Don't worry. I'll help you," the rich boy said. So they went to look for them together. Finally they found her parents. They were so thankful for his help. After the rich boy arrived home, he looked in the mirror as usual. To his surprise, his face looked very happy. The boy understood the magic of the mirror. The mirror could show the true feelings of its owner. This was true--the rich boy helped that little girl, so he felt really happy.
, .
The question is: What did the rich boy do finally?
The possible answers are:
A:Lost his parents.
B:Bought a new mirror.
C:Helped the little girl find her parents.
D:Bought a mirror for the little girl.Everybody hates rats. But in the earthquake places of the world - Japan, Los Angeles, Turkey - rats will soon be man's new best friends.
What happens after an earthquake? We send in rescue  dogs. Why? Because they can smell people. Dogs save lives. They help rescuers to find living people. But dogs are big and they can't get into small spaces. So now a new research project is using a smaller animal to save lives: the rat.
How does it work? First, the rat is trained to smell people. When this happens, the rat's brain gives a signal. This is sent to a small radio on its back, and then the rescuers follow the radio signals. When the rat's brain activity jumps, the rescuers know that someone is alive. The rat has smelled that person.
Although there are already robots which can do this job, rats are better. Christian Linster at Cornell University, New York, says, " 'Robot' noses don't work well when there are other smells around. Rats are good at that." Rats can also see in the dark. They are cheaper and quicker to train than dogs, and unlike robots, they don't need electricity.
The " rat project" is not finished, but Julie Ryan of International Rescue Corps in Scotland says, " It would be fantastic. A rat would get into spaces we couldn't get to and a rat would get out if it wasn't safe." Perhaps for the first time in history, people will be happy to see a rat in a building ( but only after an earthquake, of course.)
The question is: In doing rescue jobs,   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:rats have better sense of smell than dogs.
B:dogs don't need to be trained to smell people.
C:robots' sense of smell can be affected by other smells around.
D:rats can see in the dark and are smaller than robots.Look at this.It's a blue bag.It is my bag.What's in it? Look,this is my English book.It's blue,too.My Chinese book is also in my bag.It is yellow.This is my pencil box.It's big and nice.I like English and Chinese.My bag is my good friend.
The question is: My   _   is my good friend.
The possible answers are:
A:Chinese book
B:English book
C:pencil box
D:bagOne day an Indian went to see his doctor. The doctor looked him over and said, "Medicine won't help you. You must have a good rest. Go to a quiet country place for a month, go to bed early, drink milk, walk a lot, and smoke only one cigar  a day."
A month later, the Indian came to see the doctor again. "How are you?" said the doctor. "I'm glad to see you again. You look much younger." "Oh, doctor, I feel quite well now," said the Indian, "I had a good rest. I went to bed early. I drank a lot of milk. I walked a lot. You certainly helped me. But you told me to smoke one cigar a day, and that almost  killed me at first. It was not easy to begin smoking at my age."
The question is: The Indian told the doctor,  _  .         .
The possible answers are:
A:he liked doing all those things
B:he almost killed him
C:to smoke one cigar a day
D:one cigar a day was very difficult at the beginningDear Jenny,
I'm sorry you're sick and can't come to school this week. Let me tell you what you have on Monday next week.
We have math at 8:00. How boring! Then we have English. That's interesting. I know you love English. Next is P.E.. The fourth lesson is art. That's my favorite subject! In the afternoon, we have history with Mr. Chen. He is fun but history isn't.  Then at 2:00 we have science with Miss Jones. You know how strict she is. I don't like her. Our last class of the day is math.
Yours,
Ben
The question is: Their first lesson is   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:math
B:English
C:science
D:artA mother wanted to encourage her son to play the piano. She bought tickets to the concert of a great pianist. When they arrived at the theater, the mother found a friend. Sbe stopped to talk to ber friend and her son ran off.
At eight o'clock'the lights began to dim ,and the concert was set to start. The mother began to look for the boy. Then, she saw her 6-year-old son on stage. He was on the piano bench playing Twinkle, Twinkle little star.
The mother was very shocked. Before she could get her son back, the famous pianist  himself was on the stage and quickly moved to the piano.
"Don't stop. Keep playing," he said kindly to the boy. The great pianist reached down with his left hand and began filling in the bass  of the song. Soon, his right arm reached around the other side and played a beautiful piece of music. Together, the two impressed   people with their beautiful music.
In all of our lives, we receive helping hands- some we notice, some we don't. We also have Iots of chances to give helping hands- sometimes we want people to know, sometimes we don't. Little of what we all achieve comes without other's help. What we receive we should give back
The question is: The mother took her son to the piano concert because  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:her friend sent them two tickets
B:the pianist invited them there
C:she wanted to develop his interest in piano
D:her son liked the pianist very muchWhen you walk into the small Australian town of Coober Pedy, you may be surprised by what you can see. It's just barren   land there!
So why even call it a town? There are more than 4,000 people of 48 nationalities. However, all of the people live underground!
Coober Pedy was established  in 1915, following the discovery of opals  . The town is sometimes called the "opal capital of the world," because it is the largest opal mining area in the world.
Due to a desert climate  , people came to realize that while working under the ground was easy, living above it was not. The solution was to move underground, by changing old mines into homes and establishing the world's first and most likely, only underground town.
As years have gone by, the homes have become bigger. There are now also some hotels for tourists. They come from all over the world just to see this unusual town. Coober Pedy is probably best known for its unique style  of underground living.
While the structures  may be located underground, they are in no way worse than those that lie above. Not only do their walls have the color of beautiful red, but also the structures have all the modern equipment like walk-in closets, modern kitchens and televisions. And the town also has gift shops selling opal jewelry, a couple of museums and even a church!
Besides, Coober Pedy is also a favourite among filmmakers. And it has appeared in a series of movies such as Pitch Black, Red Planet and Opal Dream.
The question is: Which of the following statements is NOT true according to the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:People in Coober Pedy changed old mines into homes.
B:The underground homes have all the modern equipment.
C:Tourists come to Coober Pedy just to buy opal jewelry.
D:The underground homes are as good as those that lie above.Even kids know that we should wait for the traffic light to turn green before crossing a road, but not everybody follows this basic rule.
"Chinese style road crossing" has become a hot expression recently. Chinese people "cross roads without thinking about traffic lights, so long as they are part of a crowd", said a post on Sina Weibo.
A CCTV news program showed that in only an hour, more than 600 people ran red lights when crossing a road in Shijiazhuang, Hebei.
Many people say that they jaywalk   because the red light lasts too long. Such an opinion is supported by a research team at Tongji University.
The team did research on people's waiting times at different road crossings from 2008 to 2010. They found that Chinese people would wait for 70 to 90 seconds before they lost their patience.
"People are likely to run the red light when the waiting time is longer than they can bear  ,"said Ni Ying, a member of the research team.
However, a survey on Sina Weibo shows that nearly half of respondents   believe that people jaywalk mainly because they disregard   rules.
"I always obey  traffic rules. Time is important but safety should come first,"wrote "Qixiaoe"on Weibo.
Many countries give out punishments to jaywalkers. In Singapore, the maximum can be three months in prison. Some Chinese cities have started taking some actions, too. For example, the first three people in a jaywalking group will be fined   50 yuan in Shijiazhuang.
But calling on people to respect rules is more important. "To completely solve the problem, everyone should realize the importance of obeying the traffic rules,"Wang Jianping, a professor at Sichuan University, said to Huaxi Metropolis Daily.
The question is: In the sentence"People are likely to run the red light, we can use   _   to take the place of "be likely to.
The possible answers are:
A:may
B:love to
C:be able to
D:be going toIt was Sunday yesterday. Tom and his mother were at home. Tom woke up late and sat on the bed watching TV. And he ate much chocolate. Then it was noon. Tom had to get up. Mother and Tom sat at the table. They were having their lunch. "The soup is not good. I don't want to have it," said Tom and put down his spoon  . Mother said nothing and took it away. After lunch, Mother and Tom worked in the garden There was much work to do, so Tom was tired and felt  hungry soon. His mother gave him nothing to eat.
In the evening, mother gave a bowl of soup to Tom "Oh, how delicious  !" said  Tom. "it's the same soup, Tom," said Mother with a smile.
The question is: Which of the following is TRUE?
The possible answers are:
A:Tom had the soup for lunch.
B:Tom sat on the sofa watching TV.
C:There was little work to do in the garden .
D:The soup was "delicious" at dinner, because Tom was hungry.Spring cleaning is a tradition in America. People clean up and tidy up their houses in springtime.
Before the invention of the electricity ,people used a lot of coal and wood in winter to heat their houses. Those things left behind a lot of dust on everything in the rooms. At that time,people always welcomed spring because when the weather started getting warmer, they could stop using coal and wood and get everything cleaned up. Later spring cleaning became a tradition.
Nowadays we don't use coal and wood so at the end of winter our houses are not dirtier than they were in the past. People don't need to remove a lot of dust.However, they have a new problem--- _ . Today the spring cleaning for most family is mainly about tidying up some useless things at home.
Truly, the importance of the tradition of spring cleaning today is different from it was in the past, but it is as important as it was in the past . Now, in springtime,people clean up their houses, yards and gardens. At the same time, they spend much time in looking for the things that they don't love any more or they don't use any more. They collect old clothes,old toys, old books and some other useless or old things and then throw away or donate them.This helps people enjoy what they have and their homes more.
So people nowadays should not give up this tradition. Always follow the tradition.
The question is: _  is the main task of spring cleaning nowadays.
The possible answers are:
A:Cleaning up the houses ,gardens and yards
B:Removing the dust in the houses
C:Throwing away or donating old or useless things
D:Packing thick winter clothes.If you had billions of dollars,would you give away almost all of it to charity ?Well that's what Mark Zuckerberg,CEO and founder of Facebook,just said he would do.Zuckerberg and his wife Priscilla Chan promised to give 99 percent of their money to society.Right now that is about $45 billion(289 billion yuan),and they plan to give away the money to things like science and education.
Many billionaires  have done similar things,for example,Bill Gates.But giving back and helping others isn't just for big billionaires.People like Zuckerberg and Gates may have more to give,but people with less are doing it too.Especially around the holidays,people want to do their part and give back to people who are less lucky than them.Schools may have food collections where people bring some food and together they can give away some other things to places like homeless centers.
People also host special events like concerts or runs to be creative while raising money.Common people give away whatever they can to US charities like the United Way and the American Red Cross.
Then these charities are able to help the poor in different ways like education,health and improving their lives.These things come together to make a big difference.
The question is: Which of the following about Mark Zuckerberg is true?
The possible answers are:
A:He is a billionaire who wouldn't like to help charities.
B:He is the CEO and founder of Facebook.
C:He promised to give away all of his money to charities.
D:He cares about science and technology.Henry: I find the Internet is very good for shopping. I use more and more for buying books and CDs, and I even bought some clothes over the Internet. The other thing I can do is to book  travels over the Internet. I booked a cheap flight once. It was very easy, and it was really good.
David: I use the Internet for games. I play chess with people all around the world. Last night I had a game with someone from Japan. I also download  games from the Internet, so I can have any game I want.
Peter: I use the Internet for anything I need to help me with my schoolwork. I use the online dictionaries, encyclopedias  and magazines. It's great because I can download pictures or articles and use them to help my homework. It's very easy to use and it's free, so I like it.
Tony: Well, the main thing I use the Internet for is to e-mail. I usually write to my customers  by e-mail, and my customers answer me by e-mail, too. We probably send and receive four or five hundred e-mails a month. But of course, I also use e-mails to keep in touch  with friends and family. My daughter is in Australia and we send e-mails to each other every day.
The question is: David's hobby is to    _     on the Internet.
The possible answers are:
A:read books
B:book flights
C:play games
D:download picturesThe animal kingdom has a new member. On September 12, 2012, researchers made a report to the world that they discovered a new species  of monkey. It is called the lesula. And it is only the second monkey species discovered in 28 years.
Scientists first saw the lesula in June, 2007 in Congo, a country in Africa. The lesula lives in the rain forests. The monkey was first found as a pet in a local family. When researchers found it, the family told them that they caught the monkey in the wild and then kept it as a pet.
The scientists have compared the lesula to the owl-faced monkey. The owl-faced monkey gets its name for having a long nose and a face that looks like an owl . The lesula and the owl-faced monkey are similar in size and both have a stripe  on their nose. This shows the lesula and the owl-faced monkeys are close relatives, but different species. Scientists say the lesula usually weighs about twelve pounds. It has long blond hair. It eats like a vegetarian .
Scientists say it is important to protect African rain forests because there may be other new species like lesula to be discovered in the future.
The question is: From the passage we know that   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:it was the 29
thlesula that was found
B:the lesula mainly eats small animals
C:both the owl-faced monkey and the lesula have short blond hair
D:the lesula and the owl-faced monkey look aimilar, but different speciesYou're going to high school, aren't you? Maybe you don't know what to do. Well, here's a list of the top six things to do when you're in high school. These things will give you ideas of what your high school life could be like. Here you go!
Find your passion  and what kind of person you are: Whether it's dance, basketball, or drawing, the important thing is that you have found something you are interested in.
Talk to people you wouldn't usually talk to: Meet new people, find new friends and even talk to the people you don't like. It will show what a great person you are. You never know what will happen after high school.
Take part in at least one contest: This will give you tears of laughter, happiness and memories.
Get a job: This will help you see what it's like to have responsibility .It can also help you make a little money to spend on yourself.
Take a trip with your friends: It doesn't matter where you go or what you do, the memories will happen on the way and go on till the final place.
Do your best at school: Don't ever get lazy. Working hard now will help you in the future.
The question is: The writer gives you advice that you should talk to the people you don't like because  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:you will feel sorry if not
B:it will show how great you are
C:you can show how clever you are
D:you can make your study betterChina's Winter Olympians have been welcomed home as national heroes from Vancouver, Canada. The country enjoyed its best Winter Games results, collecting 11 medals in Vancouver--including  5 gold medals.
With flowers and national flags in hands, many people waited at Beijing Airport for hours. Every member was received by a crowd of family members and friends. Hundreds of workers and fans welcomed the athletes and coaches back with color balloons and ribbons.
Wang Meng who won three gold medals in Vancouver Winter Olympics said, "We have shown the Olympic spirit and our Chinese sports spirit at the Vancouver Olympics. We Chinese athletes didn't fear to meet the strong opponents   and had good team work."
,.
The question is: How many gold medals did Wang Meng win in Vancouver?
The possible answers are:
A:One.
B:Two.
C:Three.
D:Four.Mrs. Smith is Jim's mother. She loves her family very much. She often buys food, fruit and clothes for Jim and his father. Now many clothes are on sale at good prices.
Mrs. Smith comes to the store and she wants to buy some clothes. It has sweaters in all colors for Y=15 each  and sports shoes for only Y=28. Mrs. Smith likes the red sweater and she buys one for herself. She buys a pair of sports shoes for her son. The T-shirts in the store are just Y=18! She buys a white one for Mr. Smith. And that's not all. The socks, in all colors, are Y=2 each. She buys five pairs.
The question is: Mrs. Smith likes   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:the red sweater
B:the blue T-shirt
C:the green T-shirt
D:the white sweaterOne day, a young man visited a small farm in the countryside. As he got closer to the farm, he saw many chickens and an eagle   playing together.
He then went up to the farm house and talked to the farmer, "Sir, I was just passing by and I saw that you have many chickens and an eagle." The farmer smiled and said, "That's not an eagle. It's a chicken." The young man kept saying that it was an eagle. He said to the farmer, "Sir, that is an eagle! I can proveit to you." The farmer laughed, "Sure, go ahead."
The young man then pulled that big bird out and climbed a high mountain. He held the bird in his hands and said, "You are an eagle, fly!" But the bird failed. The young man tried the second time. He said to the bird, "I don't care you have been _ as a chicken for those years. But I know what you were created to be. You are an eagle, now fly!" After the young man tried another three times, the bird began to flap   its wings. Finally, it flew high and began to fly around the farm.
It is true to us. Some people around us have continued to keep us down by lying to us. Over all of those years, we were told to be a failure, not to be good enough and to accept the "reality". They are wrong. We should try our best to reach our highest potential   to prove that we are eagles.
The question is: How many times did the young man try before the bird flapped its wings?
The possible answers are:
A:Four.
B:Five.
C:Three.
D:Six.Kunming is the capital of Yunnan. It's a city with a long history. Kunming has a population of more than 5,000,000. Though the weather in  Yunnan changes from place to place, Kunming is famous for her beautiful weather. It's neither too hot in summer nor too cold in winter. That's why more and more people like to travel and even to live there. You can see that great changes have taken place here. A lot of tall buildings, cinemas and hospitals have been put up. You can cross the streets over footbridges in the city. You can buy whatever you want in shops and supermarkets in or around the city. People's lives are becoming better and better.
At weekend or on holiday, people like to relax themselves in different places and in different ways. In winter, people especially old people would like to climb the Western Hills. From the top of Hills, you can have a good look at the beautiful scenery of Kunming. Far away from the Hills, you can enjoy the Sleeping Beauty among the Hills. After supper, families take a walk along the bank of Dianchi Lake. The Golden Temple and EXPO Garden are two famous places of interest in the north of the city. EXPO Garden is known to people both at home and abroad. You can spend a whole day visiting the world-famous garden. A little farther away from the southeast of the city, a special forest welcomes you. It is not a tree forest, but a stone forest. So it is called the Stone Forest.
People in Kunming are really friendly. They often invite their friends home to try delicious food, like rice or noodles. If you want to know more about Kunming and taste her food, please visit her yourself.
The question is: What's the population of Kunming?
The possible answers are:
A:Over five million.
B:Over five thousand.
C:Over five billion.
D:Over five hundred.Today I took Frank to have a training class  . We got there earlier than most of the other dogs and _ .
Mr. Brown helped us teach our dogs some skills  . When the dog did it, he said, "Good dog!" He was a serious man but he laughed a lot with dogs. He said Frank was smarter than other dogs.
Next to Frank was also a smart dog. His name was Sam. His short legs made him look funny, but he could run faster than many of the bigger dogs. His owner was a quiet girl and looked a little shy. So I said hello to her first. I hoped she could be my friend.
At the end of the class, Mr. Brown told me that Frank did the best this class and he would give him a ball.
The question is: Which of the following is NOT true?
The possible answers are:
A:Sam ran faster than some bigger dogs.
B:Sam was next to Frank.
C:Frank arrived later than most of the other dogs.
D:Frank did the best in class.People like to read or listen to stories, especially children. After reading, some children wish to be writers some day. They want to write stories or books for people to read. That's good! It's good to write something for people to read! But they should know that they need to be good readers first before they are really good writers. They should read a lot of books. Instead of  watching TV and spending a lot of time playing games when they are free. There is more fun in reading. After you read some good books, you may want to look for more books to read. Before you decide to be a good writer, you should say to yourself. "I must read more and more to become better and better at writing!"
The question is: What does this article mainly tell us?
The possible answers are:
A:Some children wish to be writers some day.
B:It is good to write something for people to read.
C:Reading a lot can help us to become good writers.
D:Writers like to read more books for fun.One day a dentist was starting his morning work. Suddenly a man ran in. His face was red and he could only say "Quick! Quick!" The dentist thought he must be very ill. His assistant helped to make the poor man sit in a chair. The dentist gave the man some medicine to make him sleep. Then, he looked into the man's mouth and pulled out all the bad teeth. As soon as the man woke up, he said in a low voice, "Quick, doctor, quick."
"It's all right now," the dentist told him, "It's over."
"You don't understand," said the man, "I came to tell you your house is on fire."
The question is: When the man ran in, the dentist thought he must be    _   .
The possible answers are:
A:over
B:ill
C:all right
D:richAlthough 19-year-old George Dennehy is armless, he isn't letting that stop him from pursuing  his dreams and sharing his passion   with the world.
Born without arms, the young boy's birth parents left him. Luckily, a warm-hearted couple _ him and took good care of him. However, his new parents never allowed him to use his disability as an excuse to be lazy. When George turned eight, they asked him to sign up  for cello  lessons. The instrument  is tough even for people who have the use of both their hands, so it was even more challenging for George, who had to learn to play it with his feet.
Thanks to his music teacher, the young boy not only mastered the cello, but also realized that he had a passion and talent for music. During middle school years, he also mastered the piano and guitar.
His music talent caught the eye of an American rock band who invited him to perform alongside them at a ten-day-long music festival.
The experience has inspired  this once shy boy to pursue a career  in music. He has also become a motivational   speaker who encourages both able and disabled people to pursue their dreams, no matter how impossible these dreams may sound.
Geoge Dennehy is armless, he isn't letting that stop him from pursuing  his dreams and sharing his passion with the world.
The question is: With whose help , George Dennehy realized that he had a passion and talent for music?
The possible answers are:
A:His adoptive parents
B:His birth parents
C:His teacher
D:An American rock bandIt's very early in the morning and I'm sitting outside. It's also very cold and dark. With me is Jim Nightingale, and he is the reason I'm up so early. He passes me a hot cup of coffee. "Not long to wait now," he says. I hope he's right.
After a few minutes there is a very weak light in the east, and then I hear a bird singing. It sings very loud and very clear. "That's the robin ," says Jim. A few more birds start singing with the robin and Jim knows the names of them too. Half an hour later, there are more and more birds singing, and it's very loud! Suddenly, all around us the air is full of the sound of birdsong. This is the dawn chorus , and it's beautiful.
"Wow, this is amazing!" I tell Jim, who is smiling. "Is there a dawn chorus every morning?"
"Birds can sing any time of the year but the best time is the end of winter and during the spring. This is when the birds sing most."
"Really? So, why do they sing?" I ask.
"Well, there are two reasons," explains Jim. "Most of the songbirds who sing are males. They want to find a female so they sing to show how strong they are. The females listen and choose the best singer! The birds also sing to tell other males to go away. They need their own area; they don't like sharing with another male."
I listen to the birds; the songs seem too much to me. "Do the birds sing a special song in the morning?"
"That's a good question," replied Jim. "The successful birds have many kinds of calls and songs. Sometimes they copy the songs of other birds. This makes it sound like there are many birds in that place already and other males stay away. Also the female likes songs with different notes. Some birds, for example the European wren, have songs that contain over 700 different notes per minute!"
So, how does Jim know so much about birds? Well, he works as a volunteer for the Royal Society for the Protection of Birds. He is trying to help the birds live in the modern world. "More and more of the birds' habitat disappears every year. The sparrow, for example, was a very common bird in the UK, now it's in danger."
By now the sun is up and the birds are quiet. It's light so they can start looking for food, they need a big breakfast after all that singing.
The question is: A bird sings early in the morning mainly  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:to call a female's attention
B:to fight with other males
C:to find a place to live in
D:to start looking for foodWe can not live a modern life without traveling. The fastest way of traveling is by air. With a plane
one can travel in one day to places which it took a month or more to get to a hundred years ago.
Traveling by train is slower than by plane, but one can see the country he is traveling through.
Modern trains have comfortable seats and dinning-cars. They make even the longest journey enjo
yable.
Some people prefer to travel by sea when possible. There are large luxury liners or river boats
.They are not as fast as trains or planes, but traveling by sea is a very pleasant way to spend a holi
day.
Many people like to travel by car. They can make their own timetable. They can travel hundred
s of miles a day, just as their wish. They can stop wherever they want to see something interestin
g or to enjoy a good meal at a good restaurant, or to spend the night at a hotel. That is why peopl
The question is: _    have comfortable seats and dinning-cars.
The possible answers are:
A:Cars
B:Moderntrains
C:Planes
D:BusesA frog   is born in a small river.When he is young,the river is his home.He doesn't know his parents,but he has hundreds of brothers and sisters.He swims about and plays with them all the time.At that time,he doesn't look like his parents.He has no legs and he has a big tail  .So he looks like a fish.
Later,his tail gets shorter and shorter.And he has four legs and a very short tail.He looks like his parents now. Then, he's going to eat a lot of bad insects  .
The question is: Where is a frog born?
The possible answers are:
A:On a farm.
B:On the land.
C:In the river.
D:In the sea.Many people think the camel stores only water in its hump ,but it does not,Instead,the camel stores something else there----food.The camel's hump is really a hump of fat.When the camel,often called"a ship of the desert",is not travelling and is in a place where there is plenty of food and water,it eats and drinks a lot. As it does so, its hump rises from the fat its body makes. Then when the camel is travelling through the desert and when there is little food,it can live off the stored fat.
A camel can go on for days or weeks with little feed or water.However its hunger reaches the point starvation ,its hump shrinks  and may even slip off its back and hang down its side.
Camels are not fussy  about what they eat.Thorny  plants don't hurt their mouths,grasses of any kinds will do and so will hay,dry grain,cactuses.(,,)
There are one--humpcamels and two--hump camels. Camels with one hump are calledArabian camels,mainly coming from North Africa. Camels with two humps are mainly from Asia.
The question is: A camel's hump slips off its back or side because  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:it tries to save some fat
B:there is little fat in it.
C:It hopes to have a good rest
D:It can carry moreDear Amy,
I couldn't read your two e-mails until today because my computer was broken. I'm so sorry to hear about your problem, but I'm glad you're feeling better and are recovering . I'm surprised that in China someone's liver  matched  yours! This is really a moving story--a stranger donated part of his liver to _ he doesn't even know!
You're right. We shouldn't care too much about our weight. I'm happy you stopped taking medicine to lose weight. From your photo I can see you are now looking very well in the hospital. To keep slim  is important, especially for an actress, but nothing is more important than health. Your doctor's advice is really very good--exercise for at least half an hour every day and eat lots of fruit and vegetables.
It's not only in your country. It's the same here with us Chinese--many people are always taking medicine to lose weight. That is often dangerous. But in fact, some of them are not overweight  at all. I hope these people can learn something from your story. Hope you will leave hospital as soon as possible.
Love
xxx
The question is: Who does "a girl" in the letter mean?
The possible answers are:
A:The writer of the letter.
B:Amy.
C:A stranger.
D:An unknown person.On a cold winter day, a fox told Mother Bear that he would teach her how to fish. For she wanted to learn, he took her to a hole in the ice, and told her to put her tail  down into the water.
He told her to keep the tail there for a long time. Then when she pulled the tail out of the water, she would find fish around the tail.
The bear was foolish enough to believe what the fox said. She sat for a long time with her tail in the water. She was waiting for the fish. But when she tried to pull her tail out of the water she found that it was frozen  in the ice.
She asked the fox to pull her out, but the fox laughed to itself and ran away. So she called Father Bear to help her.
Father Bear came. He pulled her hard and at last got her out. But a part of her tail was in the ice. That is why people find the bear's tail so short.
The question is: The fox asked Mother Bear  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:to jump into the water
B:to sit by the lake for a long time
C:to put her tail down into the water and never pull out of the water
D:if she pulled the tail out of the water, she would find fish around the tailMarch 21 is World Sleep Day. How's your sleep recently?
The Chinese Medical Doctor Association asked 8,200 people in China about their sleep. More than 36.3 percent of them said they often sleep badly. The study also finds that many students have only 5 hours of sleep a day. According to the US National Sleep Foundation, teenagers need 8.5 to 9 hours of sleep every night. What cuts into their sleeping time? Homework. Also, school starts early in the morning.
But bad sleeping habits also play a role. Do you like to have a look at your mobile phone before going to bed? The survey finds that 60 percent of people check their phones before they sleep. They read news, check their WeChat   or chat with QQ friends.
It's important for us to get enough sleep. We feel tired and think slowly. Besides, sleepy kids are often unhappy, says a study by the US National Sleep Foundation.
We can't change our school time. But there are still ways to get better sleep. Stay away from coke, coffee and tea at night. They make it hard to fall asleep. Watch less television. Leave your mobile phone and tablet computer   on your desk.
,,.
The question is: In this passage, the writer is mainly trying to make the readers realize  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:March 21 is World Sleep Day
B:homework makes students have no enough time to sleep
C:we feel tired and think slowly because we have bad sleeping habits
D:good sleeping habits can help us stay healthyMonkeys That Lend a Hand
Have you ever dropped something while both your hands were full and wished you had another hand to pick it up? Some people cannot use their arms or hands to do simple jobs because they have been hurt or are sick. Usually they depend on other people to help them. This problem made two women think about how they could help people who cannot do everyday things for themselves.
In 1979 Dr. M. J. Willard and Judi Zazula began looking at some small, friendly monkeys called capuchin monkeys. These monkeys have hands like people's hands, and they like to be around people. Could the monkeys be trained to do things that people could not do for themselves? The women wanted to find out if their idea would work. So they spent a long time training some capuchin monkeys, and they found that these animals made great helpers.
Today the first step in training a young capuchin monkey is to have it stay home with people and watch how they live. The monkeys learn how to _ around people. Then the monkeys go to a special school in Boston. There they learn how to do many easy chores. They are taught how to carry food and pick up dropped objects. They learn how to open doors and turn light switches on and off. They even learn how to use CD players and VCRs.
After a monkey finishes its training, it goes to live with a person who needs help. If the person wants a light turned on, the monkey does it. If the person needs a glass of water, the monkey brings it. If the person wants to watch TV, the monkey turns it on. The monkey becomes a very important part of that person's life. In fact, the monkey often becomes the person's good friend.
The question is: What is the passage mainly about?
The possible answers are:
A:How capuchin monkeys can help people do things.
B:Why capuchin monkeys' hands are like people's hands.
C:Where scientists train capuchin monkeys to help people.
D:When people found capuchin monkeys were helpful.Tom and Fred are talking about the year 2020. "What will our world be like in the year 2020?" asks Tom.
"I don't know," says Fred.
"What do you think?" asks Tom.
"Well, no one knows, but it's interesting to guess," says Fred.
"In the year 2020 everyone will carry a pocket computer. The computer will give people the answer to all their problem. We will have telephones in our pockets, too, and we will be able to talk to our friends," says Tom.
"A lot of people will live and work under the sea. Machines will do most of the work, and so people will have more holidays. They will be able to fly to the moon by spaceship and spend their holidays there," says Fred.
"And I hope I will be able to live under the sea," says Tom. "Won't that be very interesting? Just like a fish."
The question is: Which of the following is NOT mentioned?
The possible answers are:
A:People will be able to fly to the moon in a spaceship.
B:People will have more holidays.
C:Many people will live and work under the sea.
D:People will build farms under the sea.Singapore: A
City
Singapore welcomes tourists. When you come to visit Singapore, please keep the laws of this country. Here are some points that you must remember.
SMOKING: Cigarette smoking is a danger to health. It is not allowed in lifts, cinemas, theaters, all government offices and on buses. If you break it, you have to pay fines of up to $ 1,000.   LITTER: Singapore is the Garden City of Asia---clean and green. Dropping litter in public places is not allowed. You can be fined up to $ 500 for dropping litter ---even if it only a piece of waste paper or a cigarette end.
EATING OR DRINKING: In Singapore, when you take a subway or a bus, you are not supposed to eat or drink anything, or you'll be fined up to $ 500.
RIDING: When you ride a bike across an underpass , please push your bike across the underpass, or you have to pay $ 1,000 for riding your bike.
JAYWALKING*: You must always use the pedestrian(, )crossing. You can be fined $ 50 for crossing the street less than 50 meters from a crossing. These laws are also for children who are old enough to be in the street on their own.
The question is: When you come to visit Singapore,you should remember to    _   .
The possible answers are:
A:go shopping
B:keep the law of this country
C:go sightseeing
D:visit some fantastic sightsA poor man has an orange tree in his garden. There are many fine oranges on it. He finds one of the oranges much bigger than the others. It is as big as a ball. the poor man takes the orange to the king. The king is very happy. He gives him a lot of money. A rich man hears of this. He takes his gold cup to the king. He hopes to get much more money from the kind. The king likes the cup very much. He says, "This cup is very nice. I'm going to show you something nicer. Please take this orange." The rich man is very angry and throws the orange away.
The question is: The poor man   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:grows an orange tree
B:can make money
C:makes cups
D:sells fruitThere are three airports   in New York. When you arrive at one of them, you can take a bus or taxi to any place in New York.
Public transport  . In New York there's a good bus and subway  service. If you are planning to use the subway a lot, you should buy a subway ticket for ten journeys because it's cheaper. But you don't have to use public transport, because there are lots of places you can go to on foot, like The Empire State Building  , 5thAvenue and Central Park. The New York taxis are a part of the city experience  , so you should take at least one taxi during your visit!
Hotels. There are lots of good hotels in New York. The best is _ on 5thAvenue but you don't have to pay a lot to stay in the city; there are lots of small hotels.
Eating out. There are many kinds of food in New York and you shouldn't eat at McDonalds every day. There are good restaurants in Little Italy and Chinatown, for example.
Shopping in New York is fun. There are big shops on 5thAvenue. They are open seven days a week. But be careful when you look at the prices; you have to pay a special 8% tax   on everything you buy in New York.
Places to see. Finally, there are a lot of places to see in New York -- Times Square, the Statue of Liberty. And you shouldn't go home without climbing the Statue of Liberty.
The question is: "The Plaza" here is the name of   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:a restaurant
B:a hotel
C:an airport
D:a shopIf you look at the word Christmas, you can see the word Christ in it. On Christmas, people celebrate   the birthday of Jesus Christ.
Of course   not everyone in America thinks Christ a great man, but Christmas is a holiday for all the people. It's on December 25. Shops and schools are not open. Almost   every family has a Christmas tree in the house. People make their Christmas trees very beautiful. They put many colored bulbs on the trees. The bulbs make the trees more beautiful at night. They also put some dolls, balls and small animals on the trees. On Christmas day almost everyone gives gifts to others and also gets gifts from others.
The question is: The word Christmas comes from_.
The possible answers are:
A:the name of a holiday
B:the name of a tree
C:the man of a man
D:the name of some presentsThe Piano Lesson
Jenny wasn't interested in playing the piano. She liked writing stories and acting them out with her friends. But Mrs. Windsor gave her piano lessons for free, so she felt she should have a try. Every Sunday she had her piano lessons in Mrs. Windsor's house.
One Sunday morning, Jenny walked into Mrs. Windsor's music room and sat down on the piano bench  as usual.
"Hello," Jenny heard a voice behind her. She turned around and saw a young girl.
"What's your name?" The girl asked.
Before Jenny could answer, Mrs. Windsor walked in and said, "Jenny, this is my niece , Pasha. Pasha, this is Jenny. I need to go to hospital, so Pasha will give you your lesson today."
Pasha sat beside Jenny on the piano bench and asked, "What piece do you like best?"
"I don't know." Jenny said. "They're all the same to me."
"You mean you don't have a favorite?" Pasha was surprised.
"No, not really." Jenny said.
Pasha opened Jenny's music book and asked Jenny to play.
After about a page or two, Pasha gently  put her hand on top of Jenny's. Jenny stopped. Then Pasha said, "Jenny, what are you hearing in the music?" Jenny looked at Pasha strangely.
"I don't know." Jenny said.
"Let me try and you listen," Pasha said. "All you have to do is learn to hear the stories in the music."
"I've never thought of it that way." Jenny said.
"Let's try together, shall we?" Pasha smiled. Together they played that afternoon and tried to find the story in the music. That day Jenny found playing the piano was not that difficult.
The question is: Pasha told Jenny all she had to do is   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:listen to Mrs. Windsor carefully
B:write her favourite piece of music
C:play the piano gently and slowly
D:learn to hear the stories in the musicChildren can spend hours a day looking at computer screens and other digital devices . Some eye doctors say this leads to an increase in "computer vision syndrome ."
Nathan Bonilla-Warford is an optometrist in Tampa, Florida. He has seen an increase in problems in children. "A lot more children come into the office either because their parents have noticed that they have headaches or red or watery eyes or discomfort, or because their nearsightedness appears to be increasing and they're worried," he says.
Dr. Bonilla-Warford says part of the problem is that children may be more likely to pay no attention to early warning signs than adults. "Even if their eyes start to feel uncomfortable or they start to get a headache, they're less likely to tell their parents, because they don't want to have the game or the computer or whatever taken away," he explains.
He says another part of the problem is that people blink less often when they use digital devices. He says, "A person who uses an electronic device blinks about one third as much as we normally do in everyday life. And so that can result in the front part of the eye drying and not staying protected like normal."
Eye doctors offer suggestions like following which is known as the 20/20/20 rule. That means every twenty minutes look away twenty feet or more for at least twenty seconds from whatever device you're using.
Other suggestions include putting more distance between you and the device and using good lighting. Of course, another way is to spend less time looking at screens. Many experts say children should spend no more than two hours a day using digital devices--with no screen time for children under two.
But not all eye doctors have noticed an increase in problems in children. Dr. David Hunter, from Children's Hospital Boston, has not seen an increase in his practice. "While it is possible to develop _ looking at screens for a long period of time, there's certainly no proof that it actually causes any damage to the eyes." he says.
The question is: Which of the following is true according to the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:Dr. Bonilla-Warford thinks using computers causes nearsightedness.
B:People keep their eyes protected against drying by blinking normally.
C:Children under two can watch TV for less than two hours a day.
D:Dr. David Hunter says headache causes an increase in eye problems.Marco Polo was from Venice, Italy. In 1271, at age 17, Marco went on a trip with his father and uncle to China. Today people often travel to different places around the world. But it was very hard for people from Europe to visit China then. After three and a half years, the Polos reached China on 1275.
While he was there, Marco Polo worked  for Kublai Khan, the emperor of China. He was able to learn and experience many things that were new to Europeans. In his diary, he wrote, "Kublai Khan's palace is the greatest I've ever seen. The streets of the new capital. Daidu, are so straight and so wide." Paper money also took him by surprise, since it was not yet in use in the West at that time. Homes were heated with "black stones... which burn like wood." These stones were coal, and most of the Europeans knew little about it then.
After 17 years in China, Marco and his family finally returned to Venice in 1292. After he returned home, Marco completed a book about his trip, full of facts about his wonderful experiences in China.
The question is: What did Marco do when he was in China?
The possible answers are:
A:He worked for the emperor.
B:He learned to build city streets.
C:He helped to dig for coal.
D:He finished a book about his trip.Dear Jane,
I have to  go to work  now. I prepare  these things for you. Your schoolbag is on the desk. Your pen ,books,keys and your school card are in your schoolbag. Your clothes and hat are on the dresser . The shoes  are under the bed. Don't _ your breakfast . It's in the microwave oven .
Love you.
Mom
The question is: Where are the schoolbag?
The possible answers are:
A:On the desk
B:In the desk
C:Under the bed
D:On the dresserThe rapid growth of Smartphones and electronic tablets is making the Internet favourite for Americans reading news, a report said.
News consumption online increased 17% last year from the year before. Television news, newspapers, radio and magazines all lost audience last year. For the first time, the number of people who get news online at least three times a week is larger than the number of people who get news from the newspapers. TV news has been the most popular since the 1960s. It has replaced the afternoon newspapers. But now the online news seems to be more popular than the TV news.
People are used to having the Internet available on phones or small tablets. In December, 2010, 41% of Americans said they got most of their news on the Internet, more than double the 17% who said that a year earlier, the report said. In January, 2011, 7% of Americans owned electronic tablets, nearly double what it was three months earlier. It was the fastest-growing new digital technology, ahead of mobile phones when they were introduced. The online ad income was expected to surpass print newspaper ad income for the first time in 2010.
The news business used to be the intermediary . You needed newspapers and TV stations to reach your customers. In this age of the computer, it's the software developers that you need.
The question is: About 3.5% of Americans had electronic tablets in   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:October, 2010
B:December, 2010
C:February, 2011
D:March, 2011When my son, Mark, was in the third grade, he saved all his pocket money for over three months to buy holiday presents. The third Saturday in December Mark said he had made his list and had twenty dollars in his pocket.
I drove him to a nearby supermarket. Mark picked up a hand basket and went in while I waited and watched in the car. It took Mark over 45 minutes to choose his presents. Finally he came to the checkout counter   and reached into his pocket ... Mark stood there holding his basket, tears falling down his face.
Then a surprising thing happened. A woman came up to Mark and took him in her arms. "You would help me a lot if you let me pay for you," said the woman. "It would be the most wonderful gift you could give me. I only ask one day you will pass it on. When you grow up, I would like you to find someone you can help. When you help others, I know you will feel as good about it as I do now."
Mark took the money, dried his tears and ran back to the checkout counter as fast as he could. That year we all enjoyed our gifts almost as much as Mark enjoyed giving them to us.
I would like to say "thank you" to that very kind woman, and tell her that four years later, Mark went house to house collecting blankets and clothes for the homeless people in the fire. And I want to promise her that Mark will never forget to keep passing
on.
The question is: When did the story probably happen?
The possible answers are:
A:On Christmas Day.
B:Before Christmas Day.
C:On New Year's Day.
D:After New Year's Day.I can't remember when I fell in love with music. Maybe it happened when I was feeling blue sometime long ago. I can't tell you exactly how music makes me feel better. But while listening to music, especially light music, it makes me feel calm and peaceful. Now I am listening to a song named Moon River. It is really a fantastic song. I didn't like this song at the beginning, but later I found its slow melody and beautiful lyrics deeply touching.
"Oh, dream maker, you heart breaker. Wherever you're going I'm going your way. Two drifters  are off  to see the world. There's such a lot of world to see."
Yes. Although there is a long way to go for the drifters and maybe there are many troubles ahead, he seems afraid of nothing. I like music. Music reminds me that human beings have a lot in common even if they come from different countries or backgrounds, because we all have the same feeling or understanding of melodies and words.
The question is: The writer didn't like the song called Moon River  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:now
B:at all
C:at the beginning
D:very muchBill,a 13-year-old boy, thought he had grown up to be a man. But his parents told him, "You won't be a real man until you begin to think about helping others."
One moming, his parents gave him some money to buy some milk. Outside a shop he saw a homeless old~man who looked very sick. Bill went to him and asked. "what's wrong with you?"
The old man answered, "I'm hungry,I haven't had any food for two days".
"Let's go to the restaurant."
When they got there, Bill asked the waiter to bring out bread and coffee to the old man. The old man finished the meal quickly. Afier the waiter took away the plate and the cup, the old man said, "Sorry for giving you too much trouble. I'm fine now. I'Il never forget your kindness! You're a very good young man."
Bill was happy when he heard this. Just when he wanted to pay for the meal, the waiter came.To their surprise, Bill and the old man leamed that their food was free because it was the birthday of the boss, and they were the first customers that day.
The question is: Bill's parents said when he thought of  _
The possible answers are:
A:helping himself.
B:helping others
C:making money
D:being friendlyMarch 28 is China's National School Safety Day. Earthquakes happen all the time all around the world. It is necessary to know safety tips for earthquakes. Here is the Drop, Cover and Hold ways for personal safety during an earthquake.
DROP: Drop down to the floor.
COVER: Take cover under or beside a piece of furniture . Protect your head and neck with your arms. Stay away from windows, mirrors and tall furniture.
HOLD: If you take cover under or beside a piece of furniture, hold on to it until the ground stops shaking.
School tips
Stand beside a wall. This will protect you from falling things. Don't stand near windows or under lights.
Public area tips
When you are in a bookstore or shopping mall, get down beside the counters  or in the corner. Protect your head with your arms or bag.
Stay away from big billboards .
Home tips
If you're in the kitchen, move away from the fridge and lights. When you leave, don't use the lift; take the stairs.
The question is: Which of the following can you choose to cover yourself during an earthquake?
The possible answers are:
A:A table
B:A fridge
C:A window
D:A billboardWe all have our own ways of sharing our life experiences with others.
Photographers use cameras, artists use brushes, musicians use songs and writers use stories.
Spencer Johnson's story Who Moved My Cheese? shows changes exist in our life. Life changes and so we do. We must change ourselves to face the changing environment, or we will fail.
Just look at the cycle of the seasons. Trees bud in spring and in summer their leaves turn green. In autumn, their leaves start to fall onto the ground. When winter comes, there are no leaves on trees. Next spring the cycle begins again. Since we know there are cycles in nature, we can prepare for them. We know it is colder in winter and hotter in summer, so we can dress properly.
Since we accept the cycles of nature, we should also accept the changes in our life.
We can prepare ourselves for changes by becoming more flexible . We can regard the changes in our life as chances. As we keep changing ourselves, we can keep up with the changes in our life.
The question is: What's the main idea of this passage?
The possible answers are:
A:Weather changes in different seasons.
B:Who Moved My Cheese? Is a good book.
C:We should change ourselves when life changes.
D:We should not lose heart when we meet with difficulties.When this story happened, they were working around a very large house. Their job was to do the cleaning. It was not a difficult job, but sometimes it was a little dangerous, because they had to walk below where workmen were working. Often these workmen dropped something from the top of the house many meters high to the ground.
One morning Joe was working near the house with a cigarette behind one of his ears. Suddenly somebody on the top shouted, "Look out!" But Joe did not "look out". He looked up. And as he did so, a long knife missed Joe's head, but it cut off one of his ears. At once he put his hand to one side of his head and cried out, "I've lost an ear. Help! Help!"
Jeff ran up to help his friend. "Look for my ear," Joe told him. "It must be on the ground somewhere." Jeff looked everywhere for the missing ear. At last he found an ear on the ground. He picked it up and carried it to Joe. "Here you are," he said, "I've found it." Joe looked at it. "No, that's not my ear." he said, "Mine had a cigarette behind it."
The question is: From the passage, we know Joe  was not   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:strong
B:kind
C:foolish
D:cleverIf you had only three years left to live, how would you spend your time? It's a hard question and few of us would even like to think about it. But 18-year-old Huang Ge has to answer this question and he says, "I want to thank the people who have helped me."
At the age of one, Huang's mother left the family. Six years later, he was badly ill. He has been using a wheelchair since 9 years old. Doctors said he would only live to 18.After Huang's story went on TV, hundreds of people sent money to help him. The boy was so moved that he decided to thank every one of them. But he has to be tied to his wheelchair. And the family can only afford a three-wheeled motorcycle . Since 2003, the father and son have traveled 14,000 kilometers, to 10 provinces, and thanked more than 30 helpers.
"I am moved by the story of the boy. We need the courage to face death, and we should also show our gratefulness to those who help us," says an online post on CCTV. com.
The question is: Huang and his father took a    _   to thank the helpers.
The possible answers are:
A:train
B:ship
C:motorcycle
D:busAlice needs some money for a Mother's Day present. She tells her father about her problem.
"I'll pay you to do some housework. You can clean up the yard ," her father says.
"You can also wash my car and Mum's. Both of them need to be washed because they're really dirty."
Alice works on the yard and washes her father's car.
"Too bad! You didn't have time to wash Mum's car," Dad says when he pays her.
The next morning Alice wakes up early. First she washes her mother's car. Then she goes to the flower shop. She also buys her mother's favourite bread on her way home. After breakfast Alice asks her mother to go to the garage . She opens the gate.
"Wow!" Alice's mother says. "My car is _ ."
"Open the door," Alice says.
Alice's mother opens the door. There on the seat she sees a bunch of flowers.
"Happy Mother's Day!" Alice says.
The question is: What is this story about?
The possible answers are:
A:It is about what Alice buys for her mother on Mother's Day.
B:It is about what Alice does for her mother for Mother's Day.
C:It is about why Alice's father gives her money to buy presents.
D:It is about what Alice does at home each week for her mother.What will the house of the future look like? Could it have gardens on its walls, or a pool with fish for dinner? Architects believe that they are all possibilities. The only thing for sure is that the houses will be as green as possible.
The tree house
Many architects in the world would like to build a "tree house." Like a leaf, the surface of the house collects sunlight during the day. The energy can be used to heat water, produce electricity, and even create fresh air for the home. The "root"   of the house is deep under the ground. It uses the soil   to the home's temperature.
The Lizard house
Like a lizard  , changing color with the weather is the most important design of a lizard house. When it's in the bright sun, the cover of the house will turn dark to protect it from strong heat. During dark days, it turns white and takes in as much light and heat as possible to produce energy.
Meals at home
This design is perhaps as much about the future of food production as architecture  . It has gardens on the outside wall of the house. People can plant tomatoes, carrots and green tea on them. So every day in the morning, you just need to walk outside and collect your meals.
Learning from the past
Looking to the future isn't the only way to be green. Sometimes, ancient techniques   can also help cut down energy use. For example, a chimney   can be a useful air conditioner because it is easier of hot air to flow out at the chimney.
,A, B, C, D.
The question is: We can heat water, produce electricity or create fresh air for the home_.
The possible answers are:
A:with the root of a leaf.
B:with the energy from sunlight.
C:with the soil under the ground
D:with gardens on its walls.George liked flying a plane. Once he bought a small plane and learned how to fly it. He soon became so good that he could make his plane do all kinds of tricks .
George had a friend. His name was Peter. One day George said to his friend, " Peter, would you like to have a trip in my plane?" Peter thought, " I've traveled in a big plane several times, but I've never been in a small one, so I'll go."
They went up, and George flew around for half an hour and did all kinds of tricks.Peter said in a shaken voice , " Well, George, thank you very much for these two trips in your plane."
George was very surprised and asked, " Two trips? "
"Yes, my first and my last." Answered Peter.
The question is: Peter   _   his friend's plane.
The possible answers are:
A:had to fly in
B:was asked  to have a trip in
C:was asked to fly
D:asked George to flyMy interest in Chinese food started many years ago, when I had my first job. I was a young reporter for the Daily Journal in San Francisco. Our office wasn't far from Chinatown. I usually managed to arrange my time so that I could go there at least two or three times a week for a good meal.
The first time I ever ate Chinese food I loved it. And since then, it just tastes better and better to me. The first thing I noticed was the fresh tastes of the meat and vegetable. When I learned more about the food, I began to understand why it has this special feature.
About 5000 years ago, China lost much of its wood because of over population and poor management of its forest. This loss was very bad for the country, of course, but it turned out to be very good for the food. Wood became very expensive and hard to get, so the Chinese had to learn how to use it better.
In order to use less wood in cooking, they started to cut their meat and vegetables into small pieces before they put them in the hot oil. That way, the food cooked faster and they saved their _ . The food prepared in this manner kept its fresh flavor --and it's this flavor that attracts people to the art of Chinese cooking.
I often wonder if the Chinese appreciated their solution to that ancient energy problem as much as I do now -whenever I eat Chinese food.
The question is: According to the passage, the special freshness of Chinese food is the result of   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:the wood used to make the cooking fire
B:the fast speed   at the cooking
C:the high quality of Chinese meat and vegetable
D:the well-developed art of Chinese cookingDo you know Shirley Temple? She is an American film and television actress. She was born   on April 23, 1928. She is also good at singing and dancing. She becomes a child star in the 1930s.
What does she look like? She has a round face with big eyes. Lost of people like her curly blonde hair very much. She is lovely and smart. At the age of 6, she makes her first film. Before she is 12, she plays over 40 films. She is also the first Award Oscar in the history of children.
Her mother has no job and her father works in a bank. When she is very young, her mother asks her to learn to sing, dance and act. In September 1931, her mother takes her to Meglin's Dance School in Los Angeles. Shirley Temple passes away   on February 10, 2014.
President Franklin D. Roosevelt says, "It is a great thing that for just fifteen cents, you can go to the movies and look at the nice face of a girl and forget your problems."
The question is: How old is Shirley Temple when she passes away?
The possible answers are:
A:78.
B:84.
C:86.
D:88.Dear Mary,
I must go to see your grandparents now.I prepare  these things for you.Your dictionary is in the bookcase.Your schoolbag is on the sofa.Your pencil box,notebooks and your school card are in the schoolbag.Your jacket is on the chair.Don't _ your watch.It's on the desk.
Love you.
Mom
The question is: Where is Mary's jacket?
The possible answers are:
A:On the chair
B:In the bookcase
C:On the sofa
D:On the deskHi! I'm a Chinese girl. My name is Liu Wei. My English name is Sally. I'm twelve. I'm in Class 8, Grade 1. My English teacher is Mr. Lee. He is from New York. He is a good teacher. I don't know how old he is. My good friend is Jane. She is from Canada. She is in Class 8, Grade 1, too. She is eleven. Who's Linda? She is Jane's sister. Her name is Linda. She is six.
The question is: Sally is a   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:China
B:Chinese
C:Japan
D:CanadaMei Qiyue, 13, of Chongqing, leaves her dorm  early every morning and doesn't return until late at night. She feels stressed in the dorm. "My roommates look down on me. When I say something, they never agree with me. Sometimes, they even laugh at me together," said Mei. "The dorm is like hell. I want to leave the moment I walk in."
Mei is not alone. Many middle school students lave such problems. Plans, opinions and other small differences can create conflict . "Most teenagers are the only child in the family where they are the 'King' or 'Queen'. They can't stand other kids' different ideas, so conflicts between them come out in the dorm," said Sun Yunxiao, a professor in Beijing.
According to Sun, roommate relations are important in schools, and students should be serious about them. He suggests that students should be patient, sincere  and cooperative in dealing with their roommates.
Zou Ming, 14, of Shanxi, and his roommates didn't clean their dorm for a long time during their first semester. "Later, we began to hate each other because nobody would clean," said Zou. "One day, we had a dorm meeting. At the meeting we discussed the problem seriously and decided each other of us would clean for a week." After the meeting, they cleaned the dorm for the first time together, and the boys have become good friends.
"I think we should take care of the dorm like our family and our roommates like our brothers," said Zou. "Only in this way can we have a happy dorm like and make lifelong friends."
The question is: Which of the following is TRUE according to the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:Mei Qiyue's roommates enjoy laughing at her, because she is different.
B:Most teenagers will be the "Kings" or "Queens" of our country.
C:Students should take roommate relations seriously.
D:Zou's brothers should take care of the dorm with him.The brain receives information from the outside world through the sensory   system.This information is collected through the eyes,the nose,the ears,the mouth and the surface of the body.It is then kept in the memory.In fact,scientists do not completely understand how the memory works but they are not sure how much information that the human brain can store.Also, it appears that the information is never lost.Very old people often remember things that happened in their childhood which have not come to their minds for sixty to seventy years.If we have kept something in our memory, it is here.But can we get it out again and use it? That is the difficulty.
Some of the information we receive only goes into the Short Term Memory.We only keep this information for a minute or two,then we lose it.This temporary   memory is very important in our thinking and understanding.It is used,for example,when you try to remember a name that someone told you a moment ago or a telephone number that you are going to dial  .School children in class often seem to use the Short Term Memory if they are not interested in the subject.When school teachers describe this,they say that things go"in one ear and out in the other".But if a child is interested,he puts the information in his Long Term Memory, and he never loses it.Long Term Memory depends heavily on our understanding of the meaning of the information we receive.
The question is: The better we understand the meaning of the information,  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:the more information we can put in our Short Term Memory
B:the more information we can put in our Long Term Memory
C:the less information.we can put in our Short Term Memory
D:the less information we can put,in our Long Term MemoryMary likes English very much. She works hard. She reads English every morning. She likes speaking English. She often listens to the radio. She watches TV only on Saturday evening. Does she like dancing? No, she doesn't. But she likes drawing and singing. Her parents like her very much. And all the teachers and her friends like her, too.
The question is: What doesn't she like?
The possible answers are:
A:Singing
B:Dancing
C:Drawing
D:Speaking EnglishWhat do you see when you look at abstract   art? Does it make sense to you? Does it look like anything?
Abstract art became popular in the early 20th century. Artists did not want to paint, draw, or sculpt things like they looked. They didn't want their art to be realistic  . They were more interested in basic shapes  and colours.
Picasso is probably the most famous of these artists. He painted and drew in many, many styles. Sometimes he used a lot of blue colours (his "blue period"). Later, he used more red and pink colours (his "rose period"). Many of his other paintings are called "cubist  " because they are made of painted squares.
After a long time, Picasso's paintings became more and more abstract. He painted people and things using strange shapes. His work was so original, many his fellow artists didn't understand it.
Kindinsky, another famous artist, used lines, shapes, and patterns to paint his subjects. His paintings also used strong colours to express feelings.
Other artists like the surrealists  , they were interested in the subconscious  . Painters like Breton and Magritte used many symbols   in their work. The meaning or subject of their work wasn't always clear. Dai, another artist, painted pictures that looked like dreams.
There are still many abstract artists around the world. It's often hard to say what their art is about. That's the way many artists like better. They want each person to look at art and find their own meaning in it.
The question is: Which would be most like abstract art?
The possible answers are:
A:a painting of a horse
B:a sculpture  of a car
C:a drawing of two people in a coffee house.
D:A red and blue painting, with no clear subject.Dictionaries say that "spring fever" is a lazy or restless feeling . People usually have the feeling on the first warm day of spring. Everyone has probably felt it at one time or another . people have talked about it for years.
Recently, scientists have taken a good look at spring fever. What they found is quite surprising.
In many places we live in , the winter months often seem dark and dreary. When spring comes late March , the world becomes colorful . The number of daylight hours grows with each passing day. According to many scientists, all the sunlight sets off chemicals in the brain  . The chemicals make our feeling change and bring on spring fever.
The question is: The best title for the passage is   _   .
The possible answers are:
A:How to Get Over Spring Fever
B:Spring Fever
C:Darkness in winter
D:Spring and winterBill is from Australia. He lives in Sydney. He can speak French and English, but he can' t speak Chinese. He has a pen pal in the United States. Her name is Lisa and she lives in New York. Bill' s favorite sport is basketball and he can play the guitar. Lisa' s favorite sport is tennis. She can't play the guitar, but she can play the piano and sing very well.
The question is: What is Bill' s favorite sport?
The possible answers are:
A:tennis
B:volleyball
C:soccer
D:basketballMother's Day is a holiday for mothers. It is celebrated   in the United States, English, India and some other countries. In a short time, it becomes widely celebrated. Mother's Day falls on the second Sunday in May. On that day, many people send gifts   of love to their mothers. Those whose mothers are still living often wear a pink   or red rose   or carnation   , while those whose mothers are dead wear a white one. The idea of a day for mothers was first given by Miss Anna Jarvis of Philadelphia. As a result of her hard work, the celebration of the first American Mother's Day was held in Philadelphia on May 10,1908. Soon the holiday became popular all over the country and around the world.
In China, people do the same on the day for mothers. And , in some cities, people sometimes ask a song to be broadcast   for his or her mother only. This might cost a little money for some of them, but, as it is said, "Love is _ ."
On May 8,1999, just the day before the Mother's Day this year, a Chinese mother was killed in criminal bombing  .Her name is Shao Yunhuan , a heroic   mother. All the Chinese will remember her for ever.
The question is: You've known the criminal bombing, which of the following ideas do you agree to?
The possible answers are:
A:Shao Yunhuan is a heroic mother.
B:She was born in America.
C:She was killed on May 9,1999.
D:All of the above.Here are some tips on how to talk with your parents.
Try to start your talk with something fun. This will make talking easier. For example, ask your parents questions about their day. They love this!
Make it clear what you want to tell your parents If they have an opinion, let them finish and don't disturb. Ask them to do the same for you.
Show them respect by listening to them carefully. Look at their eyes sincerely.
Be honest. Honesty builds trust .  Life is good when your parents trust you.
If your parents don't understand, that's OK. It doesn't mean they don't love you pr they're not trying. Sometimes you have to explain things to them again or in a different way,
When you finish the talk, thank them for listening,. Say something like, "thanks! That helped." It will let them know this is important to you, and make them want to do it more often.
If you feel there are still things to talk about, set up a time with them to talk about it another day.
The question is: Why should we look at their eyes while listening?
The possible answers are:
A:Because they make us do that.
B:Because this shows we agree with what they say
C:Because this makes them feel respected
D:Because this shows we understand themSuper Dan
Lin Dan is a famous badminton player. Now he plays for Badminton team of the People's Republic of China. Many people around the world know him because he won the gold medals in 2008 and 2012.
He is from Fujian. He was born on October 14, 1983. He lives with his parents, grandmother and his wife now. Lin Dan's favorite player is Jordan. Jordan is a basketball player. Lin loves Coke. He likes pets, but dog is his favorite.
Many young people love him very much. They think Lin Dan is their super star. They also call him Super Dan.
The question is: Lin Dan is a  _  player.
The possible answers are:
A:badminton
B:swimming
C:basketball
D:footballI usually get up at 5:00. I make coffee, go to my desk and work. When my boys get up, I'm theirs. I follow the min to the kitchen and make them breakfast. While they're eating, I make their lunch, pick out their school clothes and get the little one dressed.
My wife takes them to school. I bring them home. I am not the only father at the school gate. The boys and I walk the 12 blocks home unless the weather is terrible. Then we take the subway. I remind them of looking out, like an animal looking after their babies.
At home, they play on the computer and the little one will draw, sometimes for hours. When their mother comes home, they run to her. She has been in the official day and tired, but her attention is all on them.
I have made dinner. We sit down and eat together. After they do their homework, Karen takes them to bed. I listen to the noise of the boys' and their mother's voice.
One afternoon when we were on the way home from school, the boys and I stopped at the clothing store. The saleswoman looked at the boys and said to me in a low voice, "You're Mr. Mom, aren't you?" I felt very angry. I'm not Mr. Mom. That's not how I look at myself. The boys have a mother, a wonderful mother. She works outside the home, I work in the home. We are parents together. I'm a father!
The question is: This passage tells us  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:never to call a man Mr. Mom
B:the man doesn't enjoy working at home
C:something about the children's school life
D:what kind of people the man and his wife areEvolution   has changed our bodies and faces over thousands of years, and it's still happening. Here's how experts predict   what people will be like in 1,000 years.
We'll be about 1.83~2.13 metres tall because of improved nutrition   and medical science. Our arms and fingers will get longer to reduce the need to reach too far.
We'll have smaller brains, maybe because computers will help us memorize and think most of the things.
There will be larger eyes and smaller mouths. And there may be fewer teeth as softer food needs less chewing and biting. We could even get our nutrition from liquids or pills in the future.
We can expect other great changes too. Everyone will have the same shape of noses. That's because climate will have less influence on noses with the help of air conditioning and central heating. Besides, we will have more wrinkles   as a result of looking at our electronic devices.
We also may end up with saggy   necks because extra sun will cause loose skin. And there will be darker skin as people move around the planet and races   mix.
,.
The question is: Where can you probably read the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:In a storybook.
B:In a science magazine.
C:In a travel book.
D:In a fashion magazine.Bad Hobbies
It's easier to walk downhill than to climb uphill. So it is easier to fall into bad habits than into good ones. Bad habits do not form suddenly. They form little by little, so you don't realize  their danger. Schoolboys and schoolgirls first pick up little bad habits at school or on the streets. When they cannot do their homework, they copy from their classmates. If they see bigger boys or girls smoking, they also want to learn to smoke. If they see their friends gambling ,they want to gamble. When they get older, the habits become stronger and stronger. Then they can no longer give them up. From copying, they learn to steal; from gambling, they learn to cheat. At last, no one believes in them. It is very important to stop bad habits as soon as they begin!
My son is eight years old. He is now in Grade Three. When he was five, he started school. Every evening we have homework battles. Three afternoons a week he has activities after school. By the time we get home, homework is the last thing he feels like doing. The other two afternoon, he gets home early and we argue  about whether he should do his homework straight away, or if he should have some time to rest and play first. When my son finally sits down to do his homework, he seems to want me there helping him all the time. I do want to help him, but I am sure that he can do it by himself. In fact, I often end up telling him the answers to most of his homework. He has fallen into the habit of depending on me to do this. He never wants to use his own brain.
My wife and I have given up all our outdoor activities. We sit with him when he does his homework. We want to train him form some good learning habits. But what should we do?
The question is: Schoolboys and schoolgirls first pick up little bad habits    _    .
The possible answers are:
A:at home
B:at school or on the street
C:in the library
D:at the other's homeIs it true ?
1.Wearing the wrong type of glasses will do harm to your eyes .
This is not true for adults , although incorrect glasses may not be good for children under 10 . Ready-made glasses , and not wearing when you should , won' t do harm to your eyes , but you may see better with glasses that are specially made for you .
2.Watching too much television is bad for you eyes .
This is not true. People with easily affected eyes may find they get red and aching from staring at a fixed distance for long periods , but there won' t be any lasting effects .
3. Carrots will help you see in the dark. Carrots are rich in beta-carotene, which the body can change into vitamin A, too little of which can cause night blindness. However , people in most countries don' t need to worry about vitamin A deficiency , night blindness is more likely to be connected with another vision problem .
The question is: According to the article , eye problems can be corrected by   _   .
The possible answers are:
A:wearing specially-made glasses
B:performing eye exercises
C:cutting back on television
D:eating more carrotsChocolate is one of the most popular foods in the world. Many people choose it as a birthday gift. When a child gets a box of chocolate as a gift, he may feel happy. It is popular among people, especially among children.
Chocolate tastes nice. People eat chocolate candy, chocolate cake and chocolate cookies. They also drink hot chocolate.
Chocolate is made from cocoa beans. Here are some interesting things about cocoa beans.
In the past, the Mayas and the Aztecs used cocoa beans as money because they were small, easy to carry, and not easy to find. A turkey cost ninety cocoa beans and a small rabbit cost thirty cocoa beans. They also cooked the beans and mixed them with water. Sometimes they added corn or hot pepper. They did not add sugar. The drink was very expensive. Only rich people could buy it.
The question is: Which of the following is true according to the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:The chocolate is not popular among children.
B:People never drink hot chocolate.
C:The Mayas and the Aztecs added sugar to the beans.
D:The Mayas and the Aztecs mixed the beans with water.Last summer Jenny and her friends had a bus trip to New York. She felt very relaxed on the way. They visited a museum. But it was really crowded there and the display  was not interesting at all. They went to different restaurants to have dinner. Some food was quite delicious, but Jenny thought the fast food was awful. When the weather was fine, they went to the beach to swim. The sea was beautiful, and they had a good time.
The question is: They thought the display  was   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:interesting
B:boring
C:crowded
D:funIs reading better than watching TV? I believe it is. Is reading better than playing video games? I'm not so sure if it is. If learning is important to you, but not necessary so,and if pleasure is what you want,these activities can be pleasant in their own way. Reading might be better than many activities if you want to educate yourself and improve your chances of succeeding in your work.
If you're serious about creating the habit of reading,what's important is finding a time you can read every day--often that's early morning or late at night,or both. For others, it might be during their lunch break. You only need to read for 10 to 20 minutes a day to form the habit.
Then, you need to find a place that's comfortable. Make sure it has good lighting, the temperature is nice and you're in a good chair. Or you can find some place that you can relax in without falling asleep, although there's nothing wrong with sleep.
Next,be sure to shut off the TV,Internet,cell phone,radio, or other music. Let reading be a quiet time. Mark an "x" on your calendar every day you read, and try to keep your unbroken "x"es going as long as possible. A habit is much easier to form if it's something you enjoy, not something you are made to do. So make the time, you spend reading a joy. I've been a lifelong reader, so the pleasure of a good book is one of my favorite things in the world. I love to lose myself in the world of a book.
The question is: Reading may become your habit more easily when   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:it is something you enjoy
B:you don't use Internet or cell phones
C:your unbroken"x"es last for a long time
D:you spend 10 to 20 minutes reading after lunchThis is a picture of Kate Green's family. In the picture we can see her grandparents, herparents, her brother Mike and her. Her grandparents are on the chair. Mr Green and Mrs  Greenare behind them. Mike is under the window.  Kate is on the floor. What's behind Kate? It's a cat. It's black and white.
The question is: Is Mike on the floor?
The possible answers are:
A:Yes, he is.
B:Yes, he isn't.
C:No, he is.
D:No, he isn't.A woman repeated a bit of gossip   about a neighbor. Within a few days the whole neighborhood knew the story. The neighbor was deeply hurt. Later the woman learned that it was completely untrue. She was very sorry and went to a wise old man to find out what she could do to repair the harm.
"Go to the market," he said, "and buy a chicken, and have it killed, then on your way home, pick its feathers  and drop them one by one along the road." Although surprised by this advice, the woman did what she was told.
The next day the wise man said, "Now, go and collect all those feathers you dropped yesterday and bring them back to me."
The woman followed the same road, but she was so _ when she found the wind had blown all the feathers away. After looking for hours, she returned with only three in her hand.
"You see," said the old man, "it's easy to drop them, but it's impossible to get them back. So it is with gossip. It doesn't take much to spread  a gossip, but once you do, you can never completely undo  the wrong."
The question is: Why did the woman feel sorry?
The possible answers are:
A:She didn't know the story.
B:She hurt her neighbor deeply.
C:She was hurt deeply.
D:She was told an untrue story.The world lost one of the most respected leaders. Nelson Mandela, the former   South African president, passed away on Dec. 5, 2013. The whole world felt sorry about the death of Mandela, a great man of history.
Mandela is mostly remembered for his efforts to end apartheid  in South Africa. Mandela was born in 1918. In South Africa, there are both black and white people. But at that time, Black people couldn't live or travel where they wanted. They didn't have the right to vote, either. Mandela didn't think that was right.
He organized many activities against it, but he was sent to prison for 27 years. Under international pressure, the government set Mandela free in 1990. Great changes in the law began to end apartheid. At that time, Mandela chose to forgive his enemies. He shook hands with the people who wanted him dead. He also encouraged black people to forgive the whites.
Because of his forgiveness, Mandela is remembered as a moral model  by the whole world.
In1993,Mandela won the Nobel Peace Prize. A year later, he became the first black president of South Africa.
Both black people and white people voted. Apartheid ended. In 1999, Mandela left office at the highest point of his power.
The question is: Mandela was sent to prison for 27 years because he   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:chose to forgive his enemies.
B:encouraged black people to forgive whites
C:shook hands with enemies
D:organized many activities against apartheidSeveral weeks ago, more than 70 American students discussed with American First Lady Michelle Obama at the White House about health problems.
The students asked lots of questions that day and Mrs Obama answered them one by one patiently. Then Mrs Obama explained the importance of making healthy choices  . _ 
She told the students that she didn't always feel good about the choices her family was making. Some years ago, when she was working and living with her family in Chicago, Mrs Obama realized she had to make changes in her family's lifestyle.
"We were eating out too much, buying a lot of things, and drinking a lot of sugary drinks," she said. So Mrs Obama started talking to her kids about eating healthily and exercising more. Soon they were cooking more, eating fewer desserts, and spending less time watching TV. Mrs Obama realized that making little changes can have a big effect . 
Mrs Obama said that young people should take care of their own health and their own futures. "Exercise isn't always about sports. It's just about moving," she said.
The question is: From the passage we know   _   .
The possible answers are:
A:the students are in poor health
B:as a child , Mrs Obama was poor in health
C:Mrs Obama's children have health problems
D:Mrs Obama cares for children's health very muchYou've probably known the crazy traffic in Beijing. Sometimes the cars could hardly move for a long time. The terrible traffic is caused by the poor road and China's ability to cope with   so many cars on the road at the same time.
With more Chinese people buying cars every day, the problem seems to only get worse. But a design company called Shenzhen Hashi Future Parking Equipment has a possible solution: the super bus.
The super bus would carry up to 1,400 people in its passenger compartment  . It would travel on a rail system that would be elevated   above the roads, so cars could drive under it. The bus will run on electricity and solar power, creating far less pollution than that from the cars it would be replacing  .
Beijing authorities haven't decided whether to create railways for the super bus throughout the city. But they are willing to give it a test drive. Later 2010, the company will test for the first time and in 2011 and 2012, the company will test the super bus with passengers.
According to the government, Beijing is probably to have five million cars on the road by the end of 2010. So it seems to be necessary to start taking the bus instead soon.
The question is: Which is TRUE about the super bus according to the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:The super bus will travel above the roads.
B:The super bus will produce more pollution.
C:The super bus will only hold several people.
D:The super bus is very small.Time flies. Your time in junior high school will come to an end in a few months. Let's look back over the last three years. What were the highs and lows?
For Zhang Xiaomeng, a senior high school girl from Jiangsu, meeting her best friend Hua Xuan was the best part of her time at junior high school. They went to class together, had lunch together, and even went to the washroom together. Having one or two best friends is important, said Xu Zheng, a teacher from Jiangsu. "Students have secrets. They don't want to tell their parents,"Xu added. However, being too rebellious   in junior high is the biggest _ for Liu Anqing, a senior high school student from Fujian. "I didn't listen to my parents. I quarreled with my mother every week," said Liu. "I wish I could go back to that time and get on well with them." Time also needs to be taken care of. Zhang Zihua, 15, from Shanxi, thought he had plenty of time to prepare for the big exam at the end of Junior 3. Then one day, he was told: "The exam is in 100 days." "We need a strong knowledge base to pass the exam. But I didn't care about it," said Zhang. Gu Xiaoli, a teacher from Jiangsu, said that it's never too late to catch up. "No matter your regrets about wasted time, you can always pick things up from now," said Gu.
The question is: How many students shared their ideas in the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:Three.
B:Four.
C:Five.
D:Six.Here are four of my friends. Get to know them and their interesting experiences.
I'm Mark. I'm 12. I have learned a lot about cycling and cycled about two hundred miles   with my friends. We all felt very excited.
My name is Sam. I'm one year older than Mark. I have entered a competition. At last, I won it and the prize was a seven---day holiday to my favourite country --America.
You can call me Linda. I'm the same age as Mark. I have been to Hong Kong Disneyland with my parents. I was excited to see so many cartoon characters  because I often dreamed about them.
John is my name. I'm one year younger than Sam. I have learned to ride a horse because I thought it was exciting. Before I learned it, I fell off the horse many times. But that was very interesting for me.
The question is: _   has cycled a long way.
The possible answers are:
A:Mark
B:Sam
C:Linda
D:JohnAs a father, I always do my best to help my son, Peter. I like to help him with his study. I encourage him to join team sports. I send him to the summer camp if he wants to go. I also teach him to be both a good student and a useful man.
He used to make me feel proud. I often thought he was the best son and I was the best father in the world.
However, things changed two years ago. It was Peter's 12th birthday. My wife and I bought him a computer as a present. We thought it was necessary for him to learn how to use a computer in the modern world. We knew that some children were addicted   to computer games and that they didn't study or work at all. Someone said that computers and the Internet were bad for children, but I didn't worry about it. I trusted   my son. I believed that he could control himself. Peter did very well at first. He played computer games, but for only two hours every week. Most of the time he studied or wrote articles on the computer. We felt very happy to see that.
When we finally learned that Peter was also addicted to computer games, it was too late. He didn't like studying at all. He no longer joined team sports. Sometimes we even couldn't find him at night. He spent several days and nights at the Internet cafe. We tried everything to help him, but nothing worked. What should we do?
The question is: Why did the writer think his son was the best in the past?
The possible answers are:
A:Because his son joined many team sports.
B:Because his son was a good student.
C:Because his son always made him feel proud.
D:Because his son loved him very much.Wildwood School Library Guide
This will offer you some information about our school library. You can use this guide to help your kids use our library.
Service hours: 3:00 p.m.--5:30 p.m.on school days; 8:30 a.m.--11:00 a.M.on weekends On school days, your kids may borrow or return books during opening hours only when his classroom teacher allows him to.At the weekend, our library is open to both you and your kids.
Borrowing:
Each student can borrow one or two books at a time. More books can be borrowed only for class reading activities and school research.
Returning:
Books borrowed from the library can be kept for 15 school days. The books must be returned before the due   date or the kid can not borrow other books.
Damaged   or Lost Books:
When a book is returned in a damaged condition, the kid will have to pay three dollars for the damage. Full price must be paid if a book is lost. We encourage students to carry their library books in plastic bags to protect them from rainy weather.
Please call us at 33621323 for more information.
The question is: This library guide is for  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:teachers from Wildwood
B:workers in Wildwood School Library
C:visitors to Wildwood School
D:parents of the Wildwood School studentsHouse for Sale
Y=250, 000, built in 2010
The house with 3 bedrooms, a bathroom, a living room, a kitchen and a breakfast room. It's in the south of Hezhou.
Shiji Supermarket, the biggest shopping centre in our city will open on July 8, 2011. Everybody with today s Hezhou Daily will get a small present that day. You are welcome.
Tel: 6668888
Add: No. 8 Renmin Road Hezhou Daily
June 8, 2011
Rose's Special Concert
Time: 2 p. m. , July 2, Saturday
Place: People's Stadium
Ticket Price: RMB 150 yuan for adults; 70 yuan for students June
25 , 2011
The question is: If you buy the house, you  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:may pay more than Y=250 , 000 for it
B:must have breakfast in the kitchen
C:have to take a bath in the public bathroom
D:may live in the south of HezhouMr. and Mrs Jones seldom  go out in the evening , but last Sunday Mrs Jones said to her husband , " There is a good film at the cinema this evening . Can we go to see it ? "
Mr. Jones was quite happy about it . So they went there and they enjoyed the film . They came out of the cinema at 11 o'clock , going into the car and began to drive home . It was quite dark . Then Mrs Jones said , " Bill , look , a woman is running along the road very fast and a man is running after her . Can we help her ? ''
Mr. Jones said , " Yes , I can .''  He drove the car slowly near the woman and said to her , " Can we help you ? " " No , thank you , " the woman said , but she didn't stop running . " My husband and I run home after the film , and the last one will wash the dishes at home ."
The question is: The man ran after the woman because he   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:wanted to get some money
B:was her husband
C:didn't want to wash the dishes at home
D:was funny.(Ann goes to Jack's house for supper.)
Jack: Would you like some dumplings, Ann?
Ann: No, thanks.
Jack: Do you like soup?
Ann: Yes, I do. But I don't like fish. My favourite food is noodles.
Jack: I like noodles, too. But my favourite food is dumplings.
Jack's mother: Would you like some rice, Ann?
Ann: Yes, please.
Jack: We often eat rice for supper. I like to put sugar on it. Would you like some?
Ann: Yes. Mmm...It's delicious!
,56-57
The question is: Where are they?
The possible answers are:
A:In the school.
B:In the library.
C:In the classroom.
D:In Jack's house.The government in China plans to end its one-child policy and let families have two children instead.
The plan was announced on Thursday after high -level political meetings in Beijing. A Chinese Communist Party statement gave a number of reasons for the change in policy. The statement said the change is meant to balance population development, stop a falling birth rate  and strengthen the country's labor force .
China, with the largest population in the world, started the one -child policy in 1980. But the government allowed only a small number of couples to have two children. For example, some families in the countryside could have two children, if the first-born child is a girl.
In 2013, the Chinese government gave other couples a chance to have two children if one of them was an only child.
Jiang Quanbao, a teacher and population expert, explained how Chinese families react to the newest policy. "Too many young people in the cities are no longer interested in having a second child," he said. "People in the countryside are more interested. But some of them are already allowed to have two children. "
At the end of 2014, China had a population of 1.37 billion people. A total of 800 million of them have jobs. But the labor market population will drop in 35 years. That is to say, the country will be in great need of labor by the year 2050. With the two-child policy, an increase in births can solve this problem.
Boys and girls, what do you think of the two-child policy? Do you want to have a new-born brother or a sister?
The question is: Why does the government plan to end the one-child policy?
The possible answers are:
A:Because we need a larger population.
B:Because millions of people have jobs.
C:Because most families want to have a second child.
D:Because a falling birth rate must be stopped.Hello, I'm June. Now let me tell you something about my holiday last week. I had a pretty good holiday to Hainan with my family .We have great fun playing in different places.On Monday, the weather was sunny and hot. On Tuesday,it was cloudy and humid .We visited two museums.We saw a lot of old things . On Wednesday and Thursday,it was rainy and windy . We walked in the city . We bought some interesting things and ate some delicious food.On Friday, the weather was cool. We went to the mountains. We were very tired but very happy . I really enjoyed my holiday.
The question is: What did June think of her holidays ?
The possible answers are:
A:She didn't like her holidays.
B:She really enjoyed her holidays.
C:She couldn't stand  her holidays.
D:She doesn't know.An old lady went to the shop last Sunday. She passed a bank and saw a car near the door. A man got out of it and went into the bank. She looked into the car. The keys were in the lock .
The old lady took the keys and followed the man into the bank. The man took a gun out of the pocket and said to the clerk, "Give me all the money." But the old lady didn't see this. She went to the man and put the keys in his hand and said, "Young man, you are foolish. Never leave your keys in your car. Someone is going to steal it. " The man looked at the old lady for a few seconds. Then he looked at the clerk. He took the keys, ran out of the bank, got into his car and drove away quickly without any money.
The question is: The man got off his car and went into   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:a police station
B:the post office
C:the shop
D:the bankLet's Learn More about Each Other
Are the lives of city kids the same as those in villages? In many ways, they are very different. But what are the differences?
Hu Peng of Wuhan and four friends decided to find them out. Earlier this month, they lived for a week in Caidian, a village near Wuhan. Hu and his friends went door to door in Caidian and asked the kids there lots of questions. They wanted to learn more about village kids' everyday lives, so they asked these questions like --Do your parents teach you how to do housework? How much money do you usually spend on dinner? What would you do if a thief   came into your house? They also asked 150 city kids the same questions.What's the Difference?
Last week the team gave a report to their class. There are lots of differences between children's lives in cities and those in villages. The biggest difference is independence. Hu's team said that 60 percent of city kids couldn't do much housework, but 90 percent of village kids could care for themselves.
City kids told Hu they cared about school a lot, and they had no time for washing clothes or making their beds. Village kids said they helped their parents with housework a lot. They cooked, did some cleaning and fed animals. Hu's team also found that village kids had less pocket money  . Many never used computers. They played in rivers or on mountains. Some didn't really like to make new friends.
Hu and his friends said their trip gave them more self-confidence   because they were doing something by themselves. But _ also made them a little worried because they saw they still had a lot to learn. "When we grow up, our parents can't take care of us," said Hu. "We have to learn to take care of ourselves." Shen Guanquan, one of Hu's friends said, "When children learn to care for themselves, they learn to do lots of things."
The question is: From the article, the biggest difference is   _  between city kids and village kids.
The possible answers are:
A:friends
B:Time
C:self-confidence
D:independenceDo your kids ask a lot of questions? If they do, that's great. Because that's how children learn. Some of these questions may be easy to answer. Others may be hard. And they want to get the right answers. Do your kids ask such questions?
*Why is the sky blue? Why is the sunset red?
*Why are leaves green?
*Why do leaves change color in autumn?
*How do airplanes fly?
Can you answer these questions? If not, don't worry. Though Science Made Simple can't help with all of life's important questions, it can help with those. In this fast changing world, the more your children know about science, the better.
Get the help you need now, and every month you can get Science Made Simple online for only $11.95 for 10 issues . Click here: questions @sciencemadesimple. Com for more information. Remember, if you are not happy with your first issue, we will give back all your money.
The question is: Which of the following can be found in Science Made Simple?
The possible answers are:
A:Painting skills.
B:How airplanes fly.
C:The newest films.
D:Travel routes .Have you ever noticed how busy our roads are becoming? Every year more and more cars are using them. Already in such countries as America, almost every family has a car. Many accidents happen because cars are now made to travel very fast. Also, people waste time and money every day as long lines of cars move slowly into towns and cities. In most big towns it is very hard to find parking spaces.
Wide, smooth  , straight   roads must be built now in place of the old and narrow roads. These roads must not pass through towns and cities. They must not be crossed by other roads.
Today such roads are being built  in many countries in the world. These roads have at least two lanes , one for slow-moving traffic and the other for fast-moving traffic.
These roads do not pass through town and cities; horses and bikes are not allowed on them. Accidents do not usually happen. Cars can travel hundreds of miles without having to stop.
But these modem roads often cannot be built in towns and cities. Before a road in a town can be made wider, many buildings have to be pulled down.
Some people feel that more car-parks should be built outside a city, then the drivers should leave their cars and catch a bus or take a taxi to their offices.
The question is: New roads must be built because  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:cars can not travel any longer
B:people are very busy
C:the old roads are too straight
D:the old roads are too busyA Chinese tourist has died in Hong Kong a day after being beaten up during a so-called "forced shopping" tour. Businessmen try to make money by forcing tourists to buy goods at some stores. Police said the dead, 54, tried to quiet a tourist and a tour guide after the tourist decided not to buy anything at a shop. At least four people have been arrested. The dead, from north-east China, was found lying cold outside the shop in Kowloon on Monday morning. He tried to make peace in a fight between two women -- believed to be the tour leader and one of the tourists, but a group of men pulled them onto the street and beat them, police said. The two women, aged 32 and 53, have been arrested, along with two men, one a 44-year-old Hong Kong and the other a 32-year-old mainlander. Police say they are still searching for two other suspects.
On the mainland the man's death cause a boycott  of travel to Hong Kong. The HongKong local people hate mainlanders because they think mainlanders push up prices. They say mainlanders are always eating on the underground and making loud noises. China's National Tourism Administration  has asked Hong Kong to protect mainland tourists' rights.
The question is: A Chinese   _   has died in Hong Kong during a so-called "forced shopping" tour.
The possible answers are:
A:tour guide
B:woman
C:policeman
D:touristThe baby elephant, Sheila, was moved out of Belfast Zoo because of fears she might be hit by bombers during the Belfast Blitz   of 1941.
She was one of the lucky ones. A lot of the animals were killed because of fears they might escape during the bombing and attack people. They included a tiger, a black bear, a wolf, a penguin, and two polar bears.
But Sheila was walked down the road by zoo-keepers to a nearby house where a woman took her in and kept her in her backyard for several months until the bombing was over.
The woman has never been identified   and the zoo knows her only as "the elephant angel". As the zoo celebrates its 75thbirthday, people have decided to try to find the elephant's saver. Mark Challis is the manager of Belfast Zoo. He explained a bit more about Sheila's story.
"Well, we know that Sheila, the elephant that was in the zoo at that time spent some time living with a lady relatively near to the zoo and we have one sweet photo, you can see it on our zoo website."
"In the photo you can see the elephant with the lady in her back garden and that's almost all we know. So we're just trying to find a little bit more information and we are not even sure if the lady is alive today, but maybe her relatives or somebody will recognize the back of that house and we can fill in some detail on this story."
Once the bombing was over, Sheila went back to the zoo and lived for another quarter of a century. She died of a skin disease in 1966.
The question is: What happened to the unlucky animals in the zoo before the bombing?
The possible answers are:
A:They were taken to a safe place.
B:They started to attack people.
C:They were killed.
D:They all escaped from the zoo.3D printing technology may not be a new thing in some foreign countries. But in May this year, at Shenzhen Convention and Exhibition Center. Many visitors were attracted by a 3D printer.
The machine looks similar to an ordinary printer and can print a "statue" in about 90 minutes after scanning anything, including a person.
The printer prints layer by layer. For example, if we want to print a 30-cm-tall statue, the computer will calculate* the layers and print 460 layers in total*. It can also print people and clothes. You can stand for scanning for just about three minutes, and a statue will be finished about two hours. The cost for a statue of a man is about 1000yuan. The printer, which costs about 500,000yuan, is from the USA.
"We want to introduce this technology to people, and find more chances here." said an engineer, "There is a company in USA that offers 3D printing services to people. Many people come to design their own thing. It is very cool. We hope that the printer will encourage more Chinese people to be more creative."
The question is: How much should you pay if you want to have a statue of yourself printed?
The possible answers are:
A:50,000yuan
B:1000yuan
C:500,000yuan
D:100yuanBALTIMORE. MARYLAND--An old postcard changed the lives of an eleven-year-old boy and a very sick woman. The postcard had a picture of the steamship Titanic. The Titanic was the largest ocean ship in the world. It hit an iceberg and sank on April 14. 1912. More than 1,500 of the 2,200 people on the ship were killed.
The postcard was passed from one person to another for more than 80 years. Then it appeared at a card show for people who liked to collect postcards. An eleven-year-old boy, Joey Russell, came to the show with his grandfather. His grandfather knew everything about the Titanic and its trip from England to New York. "Let's buy that postcard." he told Joey. "It will be important someday."
Two years later, Joey's grandfather took him on a special trip. They went on a trip to the North Atlantic ocean to watch as workers pulled the Titanic up from the bottom of the ocean. Joey put his special postcard in his bag for the trip. On the ship, Joey met Edith Haisman. This woman was on the Titanic when it sank. She was one of the people who were _ Joey pulled the postcard out of his pocket. "Please sign this, Mrs. Haisman." he said. She was happy to write her name on the back of the postcard.
When Joey got home, he put the postcard away and forgot about it, Then Kate Shelley, one of Joey's friends, told him that her mother was very sick. She needed an operation, but there was a problem. The operation was very expensive, and the family needed $80, 000 to pay for it. Friends and relatives tried to help. But where could they get so much money?
Then when Joey went to see the new movie "Titanic", he had an idea. "Millions of people are seeing this movie and reading about the Titanic." Joey thought. He remembered the old postcard with Edith Haisman's signature on it. "Maybe I can sell it for some money. Then I can help Kate's mom."
Joey told his mother and father about his idea to help Mrs. Shelley. His parents helped him try to sell the postcard to the person who would pay the most money for it. Joey's story was on television and in newspapers. Joey and Kate even went to New York to be on a national TV show. After the show, many people called in to offer money for the Titanic card. Someone bought it for $60. 000.
Joey's kind heart and the old Titanic postcard worked together to save a woman's life.
The question is: Joey Russell   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:decided to buy the postcard at a shop
B:showed great interest in collecting postcards
C:took the postcard with him to see Mrs. Shelley
D:asked Mrs. Haisman to sign her name on his postcardIf someone asks me: "Do you like music?" I'm sure I will answer him or her: "Of course, I do." Because I think music is an important part of our lives.
Different people have different ideas about music. For me, I like rock music because it's so exciting. And my favorite rock band, the "Fox Ladies   is one of the most famous rock banks in the world. I also like pop music. My classmate ,Li Lan, loves dance music, because she enjoys dancing. My best friend, Jane, likes jazz music  . She thinks jazz is really cool.
"I like dance music and rock very much,: says my brother, "because they are amazing."
But my mother thinks rock is boring. "I like some relaxing music." She says. That's why she likes country music, I think.
The question is: The writer likes music because he thinks   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:it's an exciting part of our lives
B:it's an amazing part of our lives
C:it's an important part of our lives
D:i t's a relaxing part of our livesNobody likes to do chores, especially kids. How can you make your kids get into a good habit of doing their chores? Try making chores fun for them.
Play some music:Music makes everything seem like a party, doesn't it? Play your kids' favorite music and let them dance around while they are doing their chores.
Make it a treasure hunt  : It's a good way when you would like them to clean the house. Let them know that you hide   a $5 bill someplace. If they find it, they can keep it.
Change often:If your kids keep doing the same chores for months, they may feel bored. Teaching them a new task   is fun for both you and the kids. They will feel more grown up when they get a new task.
Do it together:It's never fun to be the only one working and watching everyone else relaxing.
If everyone takes part in doing chores, you will finish them faster and have more fun.
,.
The question is: Which is the best title of the article?
The possible answers are:
A:Doing chores is good for kids
B:Help kids set a good habit
C:Make chores fun for kids
D:Everyone should do choresDo you like eating chocolate? Companies spend millions of dollars on tools and machines to make chocolate. With a little ingredients, however, you can turn your kitchen into a chocolate factory. Today we will teach the Cocoa Powder  Method , it is easier for beginners. Try it and make your own homemade chocolate.
Here are the ingredients   you need:
cocoa powder -- 2 cups (220g) ; butter -- 3/4 cup (170g); sugar -- 3/4 cup (100g); milk -- 2/3 cup (150ml); salt -- a little bit ; water -- 1 cup (235ml).
Now, please follow these steps. First, mix the cocoa powder and butter in a bowl until you have a smooth paste  . Then , add the cocoa powder mixture    to the hot water and stir . Allow the temperature to rise back up. Put the hot mixture into a bowl,  stir the sugar mixture into the hot cocoa mix. Add milk, stir until smooth. At last, put the mixture into different containers . The chocolate will take the shape of the container. You can put it in the fridge to harden it.
We hope you can enjoy your homemade chocolate.
The question is: The information above may come from a   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:story book
B:magazine
C:sports newspaper
D:travel guideSince last year, Where Are We Going, Dad? has become one of the most popular TV shows. On the show, the five fathers and their children traveled around China, riding camels through the western desserts , fishing on the east coast, and selling vegetables for their bus fare( )home in southwestern Yunnan Province.
One dad doesn't know how to do his daughter's hair, so some people try to help him. Another one must survive  with his son for three days in the desert. Because the father can't cook, they only eat instant noodles .
Why is Where Are We Going, Dad? so popular? Because it is about how Chinese parents look after their kids. The show makes modern parents think about what they should do with their kids. "In traditional  Chinese culture, the father is strict and the mother is kind. But on the show, we see fathers who are much kinder on their kids and more involved  in their upbringing ."said Li Minyi, a professor of early childhood education.
In the past, children were taught to follow their parents' wishes and look after _ in their old age. But today Chinese parents start to realize  that respecting   their children's choices may be a better way to be ready for modern society. As they raise  their children, parents are growing up  at the same time.
The question is: Why is Where Are We Going, Dad? so popular?
The possible answers are:
A:Because it is about how Chinese parents look after their children.
B:Because there are many famous stars on the show.
C:Because it is about how to help the poor.
D:Because it is about how to sell vegetables.We spend hours, days and years of our lives in studying. But what do you think of your school? What is your ideal school like? Here is some designing from four children in different countries.
I'm Ma from China. My dream school has a swimming pool and two football fields. It also has a cinema, a restaurant and a shopping centre. Now my school has none of these and I think there should be more enjoyable things for pupils to do while they are studying.
I am Sonia from Italy. I'd like a room. We can go and play computer games and chat with friends there. Some older pupils in the school have this but I think there should be a place for everyone to go when they want to switch  from the lessons.
I am Richard from the USA. I think it would be great to have a three days' holiday every week. We could have a long holiday. What fun! I also think school should start at ten o'clock, and finish at three o'clock in the afternoon.
I am Rebecca from Australia. My dream school would be big and roomy with a computer for every person in the school. I'd also like to have a music room. We can go and play instruments  when we want.
The question is: In the four children's ideal schools, we can know   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:students can learn about the world
B:students can have their own interests
C:students can play games all day
D:students can help each otherThe Mid-Autumn Festival is coming. Let's see what my friends are going to do during the three-day holiday.
Peter: I'm going to visit my uncle and aunt with my parents during the three days. They live in the countryside. It is far from our city, Beijing. We're going to take the train there. I am going fishing there with my cousin.
Eliza: I'm going to visit my grandparents with my parents on the first day. They live in a small town. It is going to take us one hour to get there by car. On the second day, I'm going to have a party with my friends. On the third day, I have to do my homework and study for a math test.
Gina: My cousin is visiting us. He lives in Tianjin. He is coming by bus. On the first day, I'm going to play ping-pong with him. On the second day, I'm going to take him to Eliza's party. On the third day, my cousin is going back and I am going to do some shopping with my parents.
The question is: Gina is   _   on the third day.
The possible answers are:
A:visiting her cousin
B:playing ping-pong
C:doing her homework
D:doing some shoppingIn England people don't usually talk too much .You can go on a bus, or in a train, and everyone sits looking out of the window.
Often they read .They read books and papers .But they don't talk much.
When you meet English people, they often talk about one thing, the weather. So when you meet somebody in English, you can say, "Nice weather for the time of year!"
"But it was a little cold yesterday, "somebody may answer .
"But it got a bit warmer later!" you can say.
Talk like this, and the English will think ,how friendly you are !
The question is: English people always hope the weather will get   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:better
B:warmer
C:colder
D:hotterAlice is my good friend. She is twenty-two years old. Now she lives in Beijing, China. She teaches English in a junior high school. She loves making friends with the students and they like her very much. Every morning she gets up very early. At about 7:00, she usually has a glass of milk and some bread for breakfast at home. Then she walks to work and gets to school at about a quarter to eight. At 12:00 she eats a hamburger and an apple for lunch. Her favorite drink is Coke. She goes home at 5 o'clock in the afternoon. She likes to have noodles and chicken for dinner. On Sunday, she often comes to see me. Sometimes we go to a Chinese restaurant to have lunch.                                    ,.
The question is: Alice gets to school   _   a. m.
The possible answers are:
A:at 8:15
B:at 7:45
C:at 7:40
D:at 8:00Dear Jenny,
I am in Beijing, China now, but my parents are in the USA. I live with my brother Peter. Beijing is big and great. There are many beautiful places and much delicious food here. I like Beijing very much.
Peter and I are in the same grade, but we are in different classes. We live far from the school and it takes us a long time to go to school. We have to get up at 6:20 in the morning, and then at 6:30 we ride bikes to the bus stop. It takes us about 20 minutes. At about 7:00, we take the bus to school. We get to school at about 7:30.
We have four classes in the morning and two in the afternoon. I think Chinese is too difficult, but Peter thinks it is easy. He can speak Chinese very well and he often helps me with it.
How is everything going with you in the USA? Write to me soon.
Love,
Kate
,.
The question is: What time does Kate get to the bus stop?
The possible answers are:
A:At about 6:40
B:At about 6:50
C:At about 7:00
D:At about 7:30"An apple a day keeps the doctor away." Well, milk may work in the same way!
Milk is the natural food for mammalian  babies. It helps them grow strong because it is rich in protein , calcium  and vitamins. Milk can also help you sleep better because it calms you down.
But remember to drink milk with care. Find out how old the milk is. Make sure it is fresh and hasn't gone bad. Don't drink milk when your stomach is empty. Eat some bread or corn at the same time. That'll help you take in more protein and vitamins.
Doctors say teens need at least 500ml of milk a day. That's two or three cups. Milk-drinking started long ago, as early as 6,000-8,000BC. At that time people started to keep cows, sheep and goats to get their milk. Of course what you drink today isn't that fresh from the cow. People cool the fresh milk down to 40C to stop the bacteria growing. In factories, milk is pasteurized  to stop it growing bad. After disinfections  and packaging, it goes to the supermarkets.
Yoghourt also comes from milk. People make some special bacteria to change the taste of milk and make the nutrients  in it easier for people to take in. Maybe that's why it's getting more popular with people!
The question is: The sentence "An apple a day keeps the doctor away." tells us that  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:the doctor likes to eat apples every day
B:the doctor doesn't like apples at all
C:the doctor eats an apple each day
D:apples are good for our healthDo you know how to write an English letter? It is different from the Chinese letter. When we write a letter in English, we should write the date on the top of the right corner. Sometimes we write the _  ---the number of the house and the names of the street, city and country. Then we can begin the letter at the left corner. We always use words like "Dear sir", "Dear Mr/Miss/Mrs ..."to begin the writing. At the end of the letter, we usually use expressions as "Yours", "Yours ever" or "Yours sincerely". Then sign the writer's name.
It is also different to write an English envelope. You should write your name and address on the top of the left corner and write the receiver's in the middle or on the bottom of the right corner.
The question is: We always use words like "  _   " to begin the writing.
The possible answers are:
A:Dear sir
B:Dear Mr/Miss/Mrs
C:Your sincerely
D:A and BDear Sir or Madam.
Last Thursday. I traveled on the 8:00 a.m. train from Glasgow to London King's Cross and I was quite angry with the service of your company.
The train didn't come on time and it was forty minutes late when it left Glasgow. A man at the station said sorry to us, but he didn't give us any reasons for the delay . We then had further delays on the way and had to wait another thirty minutes. As a result, I missed my plane from London to Frankfurt and had to wait for several hours.
What's more, the service on the train was also very poor. The trip took more than five hours. Unluckily. we could buy nothing but some soft drinks on the train. Worst of all, something was wrong with the air conditioning   and it got hotter and hotter in the train. Before we reached King's Cross, the temperature was over 40degC.
Because of your poor service. I feel you should pay me compensation .
I am looking forward to hearing from you.
Yours faithfully,
David Roberson
The question is: What could David buy on the train?
The possible answers are:
A:Hot dogs.
B:Sandwiches.
C:Soft drinks.
D:Hamburgers.Walt Disney was born in 1901. He created the Mickey Mouse in 1927 . It made him very famous . He died in 1966, but his work and his dreams did not die. Now people all over the world enjoy his Mickey Mouse and other cartoons.
Walt Disney was a man who did not _ easily. One summer, he wanted a job in a post
office, but they told him that he was too young. He went home, drew some lines on his face. And put on his father's suit and hat. Then he went back to the same office and told them he was 18. He got the job finally.
Later in his life, Mr. Disney had a dream . He wanted to build a new kind of amusement park. It would be clean and beautiful. The children could play happily there and the adults could live in nice hotels . It would be fun for people of all ages .  It was called Disneyland. Engineers told him it was an impossible dream. His family and friends thought he was mad. But Mr. Disney did not give up his idea. In1955, Disneyland opened to the public and became the most successful amusement park in the USA. Walt Disney's dream came true.
The question is: When did Walt Disney creative  his Mickey Mouse ?
The possible answers are:
A:in 1927
B:in 1955
C:in 1901
D:in 1966Why do you study? Many students would simply reply: "To get good result in the college entrance examination  ." For several years, many have spoken out against the exams. Some say they have turned children into studying machines. Others think that one exam cannot possibly _ a student's true level of knowledge. So, should the exams be canceled?
Minister of Education Yuan Guiren doesn't think so. "Officials and the rich might take advantage  if the college entrance examination were called off . And life would be more difficult for poor children. However, we do need to change the exams," Yuan said on March 7. He has put an exam reforms at the center of his fourth year in office. "I think the exam is a fair way to choose talented people. But it should pay more attention to all-around  personal qualities, not just grades," said Cui Shangyu, a Senior 3 student in Sichuan. The college entrance examination was restored  in 1977. From then to 2007, 46.85 million people have entered higher education through the exam. According to survey by the Ministry of Education, 90 percent of people who participate  believed the college entrance examination could in some way change a person's life, especially for poor students in the countryside. The college entrance examination is not the only way to become a successful person. However, the process of preparing for the exam is a good experience, said Shen Hui, a Math teacher at Gaoyou Middle School in Jiangsu.
"Through it students can learn many things, such as how to deal with stress  and how to arrange a learning plan." Shen said.
The question is: If the college entrance exam were called off, it would be unfair for  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:the poor
B:the officials
C:the rich
D:the oldOne day Tom borrowed a pot  from his neighbour, Ali. The next day he brought it back with another little pot inside.
"That's not mine," said Ali.
"Yes, it is." said Tom, "While your pot was staying with me, it had a baby."
Some time later, Tom asked Ali to lend him a pot again. Ali said yes, hoping that he would once again get two pots in return. However, days passed and Tom still did not give the pot back. Finally Ali was angry and went to ask for it.
"I am sorry," said Tom, "I can't give it back to you because it died."
"Died!" cried Ali, "How can a pot die?"
"Well," said Tom, "you believed me when I told you that your pot had a baby."
The question is: What maybe happened to the pot at last?
The possible answers are:
A:It died.
B:The neighbour took it back.
C:It was lost. .
D:Somebody else bought it from Tom.It was the Greek shopkeeper who taught me about the power of being kind.
In 2008, I left Spain to study alone in London. My parents had to bring up  my three younger sisters and two younger brothers, so I found three part-time jobs to pay for my studies. I worked early mornings and late nights, so I was tired, really tired, all the time.
Unluckily, I got a cold and had a very high fever. Because I was new in London, I had no friends. Besides, I was too shy to talk with others and ask others for help. After sleeping on the bed for two days, I went out to get some food. Usually, I went to the supermarket, but this time I went into the Greek shop, a small corner shop, because it was closer.
I picked up some food and gave it to the shopkeeper, who asked me, 'You look terrible, my boy! You are not feeling well, right?'
I said YES in a low voice.
She pointed at the salami   and bread I was buying and offered, 'I can make you a sandwich, so you don't have to do it yourself.'
I nodded without saying a word.
So, she made the sandwich and asked me to wait a moment. She went into the back room and came again with a bowl of hot soup.
'It will warm you up,' she said with a friendly smile.
What really warmed me up was not the soup. It was her smile that told me she cared me. Her kindness  made me think of my mother.
I was quite shy, but from that day on, I did not let shyness stop me from talking with and being kind to others. Now I work in a children's hospital in Africa. I love my work and people around me. I always bring my smile and kindness to them.
The question is: Which of the following words can't describe  the Greek shopkeeper?
The possible answers are:
A:Friendly.
B:Shy.
C:Nice.
D:Kind.Friends with Kids was put on in American theatres on March 9th, 2012. Its writer and director is Jennifer Westfeldt. It's a _ about some friends at that time in life when children arrive and everything changes. It will make you feel happy and funny and can't help laughing.
In the movie, the last two singles Westfeldt and Adam Scott, decided to make a test--to have a kid together and meet other people. Most people will be surprised at what happens in the movie. It can help you think of more about your love for your parther and family.
The famous stars in the movie are Adam Scott. Jennifer Westfeldt, Jon Hamm, Kristen Wiig, Maya Rudolph, Chris O'Dowd, Megan Fox, and Edward Burns. You can also visit this movie's official website.
,.
The question is: The movie was written by?
The possible answers are:
A:Jennifer Westfeldt.
B:Adam Scott
C:Kristen Wiig
D:Megan Fox.Miss Wang asks her students about their future jobs. Let's look at their answers.
Bob: I'm going to be a cool spy   like James Bond. I know it is difficult and dangerous. I will work hard and I look forward to studying in America one day.
Mike: I'm going to be a mathematician  , because maths is my favourite subject. I think it's very interesting.
Meimei: I'm going to become a singer in the future. I love singing. I hope one day I can become famous.
Lisa: I want to be a charitarian  . I will make a lot of money and help the poor children in the future.
The question is: What are the students talking about?
The possible answers are:
A:Dream   jobs.
B:Dream teachers.
C:Dream schools.
D:Dream cars.Do you know that you are not outgoing enough? Do you want to make friends, but are you
too shy? Read the following rules. They will help you.
Feel comfortable.
Always be clean. Shower, brush your teeth, and try to look nice. Dress in clean clothes.
They must make you feel good and comfortable. Those make you feel more confident .
Smile more often.
Try to smile more often at people. It will get them to think that you are friendly Then they'll talk to you more even if they don't know you.
Just talk
Some people worry about talking because they think,"What am I going to talk about with that person?" Outgoing people don't even think about it.They just go up to people and say what they think.
Listen to people.
You can't just talk. People will think that you're self-centered .You have to listen to others and give your ideas. Let them know what you think.
Read the news.
Don't just stay at home and do nothing. Surf the net for news and information, and talk about them when you're with friends.
,.
The question is: The above rules will help you  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:study better
B:make more friends
C:stay healthier
D:finish your homeworkRabbit Shiny and tortoise  Smily were neighbours. One day they were reading a story about their great grandfathers: Shiny's and Smily's great grandfathers decided to have a race. While Shiny's great grandfather went to sleep during the race, Smily's great grandfather won the race by slowly walking towards the finish line.
Smily said, "If your great grandfather didn't go to sleep, my great granddad might never win. So his win was not a real win."
The next day there was a notice in the jungle  newspaper. It said that there would be a race and the winner would win many prizes. The race started from the bear's house. From there, the runners had to cross the river. But most of the animals could not both run fast and swim fast. So they didn't know what to do. Shiny and Smily made a plan.
Shiny ran, while smily was sitting on his back. He and other animals, like the deer, reached the river side at the same time. But they saw the swift water and stood there because they were worried. None of them liked the idea of crossing the river. Smily quickly got into the water and Shiny sat on his back. Smily started swimming. Soon they reached the other side of the river. Shiny got down from Smily's back and Smily climbed on Shiny's back again. Shiny ran fast. They reached the finish line first.
"Both of them are the winners." The president of the jungle said, "Shiny and Smily helped each other during the race and they won. So let's give them a big hand."
The question is: What is the best title for the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:Cross the river
B:How to win a race
C:Animals in the jungle
D:Teamwork winsMore and more advertisements appear on the Web. You have to be careful not to be fooled or tricked  by the advertisements on the Internet. Something is said to be a bargain,but it isn't always cheap. And some socalled new things just have a new outside.
However,shopping online is a kind of fashionable  thing today. I love to buy things of everyday use,so I often get lots of information about them on Websites online. For example,if I want an MP3,I can choose my favorite one,and look for what the users like or don't like about it,and then decide whether to buy or not. And at the same time,you don't have to go to a shop or walk around a crowded shopping area,so you don't have to waste much time. The Internet is really useful for shopping,but be careful not to spend too much.
The question is: If you want to shop online, you should  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:spend too much
B:always believe the advertisements
C:never believe the advertisements
D:be careful not to be fooled(1)Shirley Temple, the once-famous child movie star, died at the age of 85 on February 10, 2014. She was born on April 23, 1928. She was good at acting and dancing. In 1934, she starred  in the movie Bright Eyes. From then on she became famous around the world. Later she starred in other movies and won a Juvenile Oscar in February, 1935.
For many Americans born in the 1930s and 1940s, Temple was not just an on-screen star but also a close friend in their childhood. She was remembered by the world as the forever "little angle". An American movie star said, "Little Shirley Temple encouraged the whole country during the Great Depression ."
(2)Shi Li and Cui Jiping are husband and wife. They are disabled. They complete the first Chinese encyclopedic dictionary for deaf people and people with hearing problems.
The dictionary includes words on medicine, education, psychology, law, history and culture about deaf people's life. This book provides a learning tool for this special group of people and it helps them know about the world more easily.
They spent six years and over 1,000,000 yuan on the book. They first collected material for the book by themselves, then they invited a lot of experts  across the country to write.
The book is warmly welcomed by the deaf. One of the readers said, "The book shows that we're not alone. We can have our own way to communicate with the world. "
The question is: According to the passage, Shi Li and Cui Jiping  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:are disabled people full of love
B:wrote many famous books.
C:finished the book by themselves
D:live a very poor life"We're going to move," Jimmy said to Mr. James,her teacher, with tears  in her eyes. "Dad lost his job and now we don't have enough money to live in our house." Pam was walking by and just heard Jimmy's talk with Mr.James.
In the lunchroom Pam met Carol and said, "I've got something to tell you about Jimmy." As she started to tell Carol about Jimmy's dad, several other classmates stopped to listen. Pam felt bad telling what she had heard but she went on anyway.
After school, Pam saw some of her classmates talking to Jimmy. "Where does your dad work?" one of the boys asked. Jimmy's face turned red. She left without answering. Pam felt terrible, because she didn't mean to hurt Jimmy. And she hadn't thought that some of the classmates would make jokes and laugh at Jimmy about her father's losing the job. Pam didn't know what she could do to help Jimmy.
The question is: Pam felt very sorry   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:and wanted to do something for Jimmy
B:but went to laugh at Jimmy
C:so she stopped to listen to others
D:and left without answeringLanguage is always changing and developing. This isn't a bad thing. If English hadn't changed for a long time, we won't have words to describe telephones, washing machines, computers or some other new things.
Language changes for several reasons. First, it changes because the needs of its speaker change. New technologies, new products, and new experiences need new words to express them clearly. Another reason for change is that different people have different language experiences. People use different sets of words and expressions, because they have different ages, jobs, education levels  and so on.
How does language develop then? On the one hand, many of the languages changes begin with young people. When young people communicate with others of their own age, their language grows in grammar, words and expressions that are different from the older people's. Some have a short lifetime but others can influence the language for long. On the other hand, we get new words in many different ways. We borrow them from other languages, we create them by making words shorter or combining  words and we make them out of proper names.
Languages that don't change over time are considered dead languages. The fact that English changes so much shows that it is alive and well.
The question is: What does the writer think of the change and development of language? He thinks it is  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:not a bad thing
B:a terrible thing
C:a bad thing
D:an uncomfortable thingNathan Sawaya's childhood was a lot of fun. He drew cartoons, wrote stories, and played with plastic toy bricks  . His grandparents bought his first set of toy bricks when he was five years old and he's been building with toy bricks ever since. He even took his building bricks to college with him! Instead of books and a computer, he had a model of Greenwich Village made of bricks on his desk.
Nathan started as a lawyer but gave up His highly-paid   job to become an artist that uses toys in his art. He uses toy bricks to build everything from the Statue of Liberty  to Superman! He has more than 1.5 million colored bricks in his working room in New York which he uses to make pieces of art. He started by building small models but then decided to do something big and created a self-portrait  . It took him two days just to build the eyes.
Nathan's work has appeared in museums around the world. Children love his art because it is made out of the same toys that they play with at home and adults love his work because it is fascinating. Since it began in2007, Nathan's exhibition "The Art of the Brick" has been very popular with museum visitors everywhere.
"I'm proud that I took a dream I had as a child, to become an artist, and I have actually made a job out of it," says Nathan. "To do what you love in life is the most important thing."
The question is: What did Nathan put on his desk at college?
The possible answers are:
A:The Statue of Liberty.
B:Superman.
C:His serf-portrait.
D:A Greenwich Village modal.On the bus, on the subway, every head is lowered to a cell phone, iPad, or other digital device. But does this mean more and more people are getting into reading the digital way?
According to the National Reading Survey, before the 17thWorld Reading Day on April 23, only 1.2 percent of Chinese people said they read a lot. But 38.6 percent said they read on digital devices like cell phone and e-books. This is a 17.7 percent increase from 2010.
Many experts are talking about a trend toward fragmented reading --reading many short messages or items on a digital device like a cell phone instead of one long text in a book.
Zhao jianmin, a professor at Shanghai University, said fragmented reading was part of modern life. "The fast _ of life leaves many people no time to sit and read a whole book," he said. "So making use of fragmented time to read is sure to be a trend"
Fragmented reading has its advantages. People can enjoy large amounts of information, knowledge and entertainment in a short time. Digital reading is faster than traditional deep reading.
However, some experts fear the trend of digital reading will lead people to read in a simple way. Xu Guosheng, at a Chinese Academy of Press and Publication, says fragmented reading makes it harder for people to think more about what they read. He also warned fragmented reading could make people lazy about remembering facts because they know they can always just search for answers online.
"Fragmented reading is sometimes good, but don't let it take all your time," suggested Tian Zhilng, an editor. He said it was important to read quality books in a deeper way, and we should read for knowledge, for practical use and for pleasure. He suggested people choose easy books first, then move onto more difficult ones.
The question is: How many disadvantages of fragmented reading have been mentioned?
The possible answers are:
A:1
B:2
C:3
D:4The best thing about going to school is learning how to read. Books are great friends. They can help you to learn about anything you want to know. They can go anywhere with you. You can read about animals, faraway places, people, and anything else.
Books are written by people called authors . Authors think of things they want to write about. They make a plan for a book and start to write .Some authors write books that give us information and teach us things. Authors are very important people because they help us learn. Find a good book to read and read every day ,You will enjoy your time with a good book.
The question is: What can you read about in books?
The possible answers are:
A:Animals.
B:People
C:Places.
D:All of the aboveA man was looking for things of old times.One day he came to a village and found a blue bowl which looked very old.The bowl was on the ground and a cat was drinking milk from it.A farmer,the owner of the cat.was lying beside the bowl.In order not to draw the farmer's attention   to the value   of the bowl,the man said to him in a soft voice,"What a nice cat you have! Won't you sell it to me?"
"How much would you give me for it?" the farmer opened his eyes and asked.
"Twenty dollars. Would it be enough?"
A few minutes later,the farmer agreed.After he paid the farmer,the man said,"My cat will feel thirsty.May I take the bowl so that the cat can have milk?" But the farmer said, "I'm sorry I can't give it to you.Thanks to the bowl,I can sell twenty cats."
The question is: The farmer kept the bowl to  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:let another cat use it
B:sell more cats
C:sell more bowls
D:use the bowl himselfWhen I was a boy, I was a football fan. I played football with some other boys in the backyard all the time. My mom was worried that I would get ill in the hot summer.
One day my brother gave me a new football. I came into the yard and played it excitedly. But suddenly, the ball flew through the window and nearly hit my dad. Dad said nothing. He took my football and cut it in half.
I didn't cry because I knew how terrible my mistake was. I didn't expect   to get another football. But to my surprise, Dad bought me another one the next month and told me to be more careful. I was really thankful for my father's forgiveness  . He showed me that even when I made a mistake, he still loved me and gave me another chance.
Parents always give us their unconditional   love and forgiveness. We should always give our love and forgiveness to them, too.
The question is: How did the writer feel when he got the football from his brother?
The possible answers are:
A:Sad.
B:Worried.
C:Terrible.
D:Excited.I'm a Chinese  girl. My name is Li Ying. I'm twelve. I'm in No. 1 Middle school . Chen Hong is my friend . She is nine. Mr Wu is my Chinese teacher  and Miss Zhao is my English teacher.
The question is: My Chinese teacher is   _
The possible answers are:
A:Mr Chen
B:Miss Zhao
C:Mr Wu
D:Mr WangPeople have talked about whether aliens are real or not for thousands of years.Some ancient drawings over 50,000 years ago are thought to be the first pictures of spacecrafts.Alien spacecrafts are often called flying saucers .The first person to use this name was an Amerlean,Kenneth Arnold.On 24th June,1947,he was flying a small plane in Washington State in the USA when he saw something strange."I was looking out of the window,"Arnold said,"when I saw nine saucer-like things in front of me."
Two other Americans,Charles Hickson and Calvin Parker,said that aliens took them into a flying  saucer! They were fishing on the Mississippi River in the USA on the night of 11th October,l973.It was a dark night.The two men were sitting in their fishing boat when they saw a bright light.It was hanging in the air over the water and it looked like a flying saucer and brought Hickson and Parker into their spacecraft.In the spacecraft the aliens looked at the two men very carefully and then took them back to their boat."The aliens were in a pale colour and had very small eyes." Hiekson said."But they didn't hurt us."
In l983,Pioneer 10,an American spacecraft,went into space.On the outside of the spacecraft are 13 pictures of men and women,and a map of space.If aliens find Pioneer 10,they will know how to get to the Earth!
The question is: The first person to use the name"flying saucers" was  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:traveling in a spacecraft
B:going to America
C:looking out of his house window
D:an AmericanFirst, open the lid  (-) and put water, salt, and rice in the pot. Then put the cover on the pot and close the lid. Next, press   the button   for "white" or "brown", and then press the "start" button. Let the rice cook for about 30 minutes. You'll hear a beeping sound when it's finished, but you should wait about five minutes before eating. Finally, take out the pot. Bring it to the table and enjoy your meal.
The question is: How many buttons do you need to press?
The possible answers are:
A:One.
B:Two.
C:Three
D:Four.When people are dirty, they take a bath or a shower. Animals don't have soap , but they do keep themselves clean. Many animals with hair, such as dogs and cats, keep themselves clean by licking  their hair. They also use their teeth to pull out small dirty things from their hair. When they lick their hair, it is almost as if they are using a wet brush to clean themselves.
Birds take baths to stay clean. First they walk through water that is not deep. Next they beat  their wings to dry themselves. Birds also take sand baths on the ground. It is thought that they do this to drive away parasites .
Even fish need cleaning. Fish have very little parasites that live in their mouths. Some fish live by eating these parasites off other fish. Such fish are called "cleaner fish". Larger fish will open their mouths so that the cleaner fish can get in to clean.
Some animals that live in groups clean each other, such as monkeys. They often clean one another. One monkey may clean an area that the other monkey can't reach. How interesting it is!
The question is: You may probably read this passage in a   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:weather report
B:school report
C:science book
D:history bookThe first day of school, our professor introduced an old lady Rose to us.
"Why are you in college at such an age?" I asked her. She replied, "I always dreamed of having a college education and now I'm getting one!" We became friends quickly.
At the end of the term I invited Rose to make a speech to our football team. I'll never forget what she taught us. She said, "There are some secrets of staying young and being happy. You have to laugh and find humor every day. You must have a dream. When you lose your dreams, you will die. There is a huge difference between growing old and growing up. Anybody can grow older. That doesn't need any _ or ability. To grow up, you must always find the opportunity in change. Have no regrets. The people who are afraid of death are those with regrets."
At the end of the year, Rose finished her college. One week after graduation, Rose died peacefully in her sleep. We would always remember the great woman.
The question is: From the passage, we can learn that Rose   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:went to college at an old age
B:became a professor later
C:once worked in a hospital
D:died before college graduationRick is a good man.He makes birthday cakes in a shop.His cakes are great and have very good prices,so many people buy his cakes.He makes friends with lots of his customers .They all like him very much.One evening.he wants to go home,but many of his old customers come in.Rick smiles to them,"I am sorry.It is late today.If you need cakes,please come tomorrow."One of them takes out a nice cake and says to him,"You make so many great cakes for us.This birthday cake is for you.Happy birthday, Rick."
The question is: Rick's customers like him because  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:he's a good man
B:his cakes are big
C:his cakes are at a very good price
D:A and CTom, Jean, Jack and Lucy are talking about the movie theaters in the city.
My name's Tom. I go to the Movie Palace twice a month. It's about two kilometers from my home. The service is good. But the price of a ticket is a little expensive. I never go to Moon Cinema. It's about 10 kilometers from my home.
I'm Jean. I go to Moon Cinema more often. There are often new movies on show and the screens are big. Most importantly, the price is cheaper. It's always half price for students, about 30 yuan. I go there once a week.
I'm Jack. I live about 5 kilometers from Moon Cinema and 8 kilometers from Movie Palace. I think the seats in Moon Cinema are hard and the music is too loud. So I prefer to go to Movie Palace. I go to Movie Palace once a month.
I'm Lucy. I prefer to go to Movie Palace. It's in the center of the city and is very modern. I like shopping and there are some shopping centers around. I go there once a month.
The question is: Which of the following is NOT true?
The possible answers are:
A:Tom thinks the service in Movie Palace is good.
B:Jean and Jack like Movie Palace better than Moon Cinema.
C:Lucy likes Movie Palace because she can go shopping.
D:Movie Palace is in the middle of the city.Creativity is the key to a brighter future, say education and business experts. Here is how schools and parents can encourage this important skill in children.
If Dick Drew had listened to his boss in 1925, we might not have an important product: a new type of tape. Drew worked for the Minnesota Mining Company. At work he developed a kind of material strong enough to hold things together. But his boss told him not to think more about the idea. Finally, using his own time, Drew improved the tape, which now is used everywhere by many people. And his old company learned from its mistake. Now it encourages people to spend 15 percent of their work time just thinking and developing new ideas.
Creativity is not something one is just born with, nor is it necessarily a character of high intelligence  . Just because a person is highly intelligent does not mean that he uses it creatively. Creativity is the matter of using the resources one has to produce new ideas that are good for something.
Unluckily, schools have not tried to encourage creativity. With strong attention to test results and the development of reading, writing and mathematical skills, many educators give up creativity for correct answers. The result is that children can give back information but can't recognize ways to use it in new situations. They may know the rules correctly, but they are unable to use them to work out practical problems.
It is important to give children choices. From the earliest age, children should be allowed to make decisions and understand their results. Even if it's choosing between two kinds of food for lunch, decision-making helps thinking skills. As children grow older, parents should let their children decide how to use their time or spend their money, but not help them too much if they make the wrong decision. The child may have a hard time, but that is all right. This is because the most important character of creative people is a very strong desire   to find a way out of trouble.
The question is: The best title for the passage can be   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:The importance of creativity
B:What is creativity?
C:The history of creativity
D:How can we develop creativity?BEIJING--Heavy haze   still covered north and east China on Saturday, with
highways closed and flights delayed or canceled  .
The smoggy weather affected the country's land from north to south, including Beijing, Hebei, Shandong, Jiangsu, Shanghai, Zhejiang, Hunan, Guangxi and Guangdong, with visibility less than 50 meters in some areas.
Cities like Shanghai and Nanjing have been enveloped in the grey sky for the past several days. Many walkers in the street had to wear masks. In the Lukou airport in Nanjing, Jiangsu Province, more than 60 inbound and outbound flights were canceled on Saturday because of the hazy, which also forced primary and middle schools and kindergartens to stop classes on Thursday and Friday in Nanjing.
The Ministry of Environmental Protection said earlier this week that there were several main reasons behind the widespread haze: unfavorable weather conditions making it difficult for pollutants to diffuse  , motor vehicle exhaust  , coal use for winter heating.
The Chinese government now plans to clean up the air by cutting coal use, closing some factories and promoting cleaner production.
"We must face up to the realities," said Yan Naiqiang, a professor of environmental science at Shanghai Jiao Tong University. "The treatment of smog will be a long battle."
The question is: Which city was not affected by the smoggy weather on Saturday?
The possible answers are:
A:Hunan
B:Zhejiang
C:Guangdong
D:HainanAn experienced teacher is offering private lessons in English.
Please email me at the address below and tell me:
*Your age
*Reasons for learning English
*Your level of English
*Areas that you need to focus on - grammar, listening, speaking, reading, writing, etc.
Mrs. Daniels( daniels _ m@mail.com)
From: Li _ Hua@gmail.com
To: daniels _ m@mail.com
CC...:
Subject: English Lessons
Dear Mrs. Daniels,
I recently saw your advertisement on the university website offering private English lessons. I'm very interested in your private lessons and would like some more information.
I am a student at Aston College here in Hong Kong studying English, so my language level is already quite good.
However, I feel that I need to improve my listening and speaking skills. This is because I'm planning to study at London University in England next year and I think your lessons will help me to live and study abroad.
Could you send me some more information about the lessons offered, such as where and when they will be held and how much they cost? Also, I would like to know whether you teach students in groups or one-on-one.
I would be glad to supply any further information you might need.
Regards,
Li Hua
The question is: Where did Li Hua see Mrs. Daniels' advertisement?
The possible answers are:
A:At London University
B:In a newspaper
C:On the Internet
D:On TVHello, I'm a middle school student from Hainan. My Chinese name is Li Ying. My English name is Alice. I am Chinese. I'm in No. 26 Middle School. I am a good student. Now I am thirteen years old.
Our school is very nice. Ms Smart is my English teacher. I like her and she loves us very much.
There are three people in my family. This is my father. He is a teacher. This is my mother. Her name is Han Jing. I love them very much.
The question is: Alice is from  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:Japan
B:England
C:America
D:ChinaIt's time for school! But on May 14th, 170 students at Duncanville High School in Texas, US, were told to go back home.Why? Because they were wearing the wrong clothes to school. Schools in the US don't always ask students to wear uniforms. But they have dress codes . For example, Duncanville High School tells students to wear belts, shirts without logos  .Schools' most-hated clothes are different.
In 2011, the saggy (    ) trousers law was passed in Florida. It stops students from wearing trousers that show body parts.
Now, "the favourite new target (   ) of the school dress code" is leggings(    ), reported the Associated Press. Some schools don't allow leggings. Other schools ask students to wear a shirt or a skirt over leggings.
Some students complain      that schools are going too far. But schools say dress codes help protect students' safety and make sure they grow up with good taste."We want to teach them that they must meet the expectations   not only here in school, but also outside school," said Andre Smith.
The question is: How long has the saggy trousers law been used in Florida?
The possible answers are:
A:Forafewweeks.
B:Forseveralmonths.
C:Fortwoyears.
D:Forthreeyears.In the days following the first anniversary  of my dad 's death, I felt sad. I still missed him so much. I would walk over to his old house where my daughter now live and still expect to see him sitting out on his front porch . I would see him in my dreams, looking young and strong again.
I felt bad too because I regretted not spending more time with him while he was here. I wished I had visited him more, talked with him more, and listened to him more. I wished I had asked the questions that I never did. I wished I had given him more hugs and told him I loved him more often. I wished I had cherished the time I had with him here. I was angry at the destiny  because Dad and Mum had both passed away before I was 50, and I was angry with myself because I hadn't made the most of time I had with them.
Today, I found myself walking under a cloudy sky, staring at the leafless trees. As I walked along, one of the last golden maple leaves fell from its tree and sailed in the wind until it landed in front of me. I picked it up and smiled. At the moment of peace I felt a sound in my heart and mind: "death is momentary , but love is eternal ." I knew at that moment that my relationships with Mum and Dad were not over. We would see each other again in a place of love, joy and light. We would spend our days in learning, laughter and love.
The question is: What is the main idea of this passage?
The possible answers are:
A:The writer's parents had both died before he was50.
B:Life is limited but love is forever.
C:The writer regretted that he had no more time to stay with his parents.
D:The writer felt sad because he couldn't stay with his dad any more.This is the true story of a great woman. Her name was Helen Keller. She was born in 1880 in Alabama in the USA. When Helen was one year and a half, she got ill and then she became blind and deaf.
Her parents tried to do their best for their daughter and they asked a young teacher called Anne Sullivan to their home to teach Helen. Anne herself was almost blind in her youth. Helen was a smart girl but she couldn't hear or talk. She was angry at this. So she was always crying and shouting. Then Anne often went for walks with Helen in the country near her home. After two weeks, Helen became quiet. Anne began to teach her how to spell and Helen learned to write. Boards with lines on them helped her to keep the words straight.
Soon her talents were famous all over the world. There were her stories in newspapers and magazines. By the time she was 17, she was studying French, German, Latin, Physics and many other subjects. She was still blind and deaf. In 1902, she wrote a book The Story of my life. It became well-known all over the world.
The question is: How old was Helen when she finished the book The Story of my life?
The possible answers are:
A:51.
B:42.
C:22.
D:17If the only sports you do are dancing your fingers across your keyboard, you could be in serious danger of more than just becoming overweight and out of shape.
Do you often feel sleepy, like something is weighing down on your head? Do you feel forgetful? Do you sometimes feel uncomfortable up and down your neck and lower back, and you can't explain why? Do you get sick often? It could be radiation   from your computer causing it. If you spend three hours or more a day in front of a computer (and at this point, who doesn't?), you are more easily harmed by the _ .
We have got so used to using computers that we often neglect   to think of them as dangerous sources of harmful radiation. A safe amount of radiation is 25 V/m (Volts/meter). Do you want to guess how much our personal computers give off?
Keyboard: 1000 V/m
Mouse: 450 V/m
Monitor: 218V/m
CPU: 170V/m
Notebook computers: 2,500 V/m
Ways of Protect Yourself from Harmful Computer Radiation
1. Decorate your desk with cactus   plants, they take in radiation.
2. Drink two to three cups of green tea a day and eat an orange daily. The vitamins in tea leaves and oranges protect us from radiation and keep our eyes healthy as well.
3. Use a screen filter  for your monitor.
4. Avoid having metal objects   nearby on your desk.
5. Put the back of the computer to the wall. Most of the radiation comes off the back.
6. Keep your monitor at least 50cm away from your face.
7. Keep your computer rooms ventilated  .
8. Eat healthily-----especially fruits and vegetables.
9. Don't fall asleep on your computer. Turn it off if you have to rest nearby.
The ways above are useful, why not have a try at once?
The question is: Which of the following is NOT true according to the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:Cactus plants take in harmful radiation.
B:Eating healthily helps you stay well.
C:You should fall asleep at your computer daily.
D:A well ventilated room is good prevention.Bob is 11 years old. He goes to a boarding school . He stays at school five days a week. He is in the baseball club and music club. He likes playing baseball very much and he is good at singing and playing instruments . He can play the violin , the piano and the guitar well. His parents, Mr. and Mrs. Smith, are music teachers. They teach in another school. They like music very much and are successful in music. They often sing at singing shows on TV. Bob's sister, Mary, is 5. She can sing a lot of songs. She can dance well, too. She says she wants to be a musician  and a famous dancer.
The question is: Mr. Smith teaches   _   .
The possible answers are:
A:P. E.
B:English
C:music
D:mathAre You Right Handed or Left Handed?
Which hand do you use when write? About 8 to 15 percent of people are left handed. They often have to use tools that are designed for right-handed people. So it is difficult for left-handers to use most tools. If you are right handed, try this experiment: Take a knife with your left hand and try cutting a potato into pieces. Don't be surprised if you feel awkward .
In the past, people thought it was strange to use the left hand. Young students looked down upon their left-handed classmates. Some children were even punished for using their left hand to write. But these days parents and teachers have accepted that. In almost every school in the world, left-handed students can use their left hand to write.
What causes people to be left handed or right handed? Experts have searched long and hard on this. They conclude  that left-handed people are left handed for the same reason that right-handed people are right handed. One out of every ten people just is a left-handed people are right handed. One out of every ten people just is a left-hander. It's simply like the color of our eyes - some people have brown eyes, while some others have black eyes.
However, may researchers think that left-handers and right-handers are different in some aspects. Right-handers are more talkative and outgoing than left-handers. Many right-handed people understand spoken words better. For example, after they listen to directions to a supermarket, they can find it easily. Right-handers are good at organizing people, too. They are also better basketball guards. Just ask Yao Ming.
Research shows that left-handers are creative and artistic. Many famous performers, like Jim Carrey and Paul McCartney, are left handed. Many left-handers learn better visually . In art, both Leonardo da Vinci and Michelangelo were left handed. In music, Ludwig van Beethoven was left handed. In science, you find Newton and Einstein. The left-handed people are also really good at tennis and other single sports.
If you prefer one hand, but you are still good at writing with the other, you are mixed. Research shows mixed-handers can remember everyday things better than other people. What did you eat for lunch two weeks ago? If you're mixed handed, you can probably remember.
The question is: According to the passage, right-handers  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:learn better visually
B:are good organizers
C:are better at single sports
D:give clear directions to othersBob was happy. He was at a new school, and the other students were friendly. "Hi, Bob!" They said. But some students said, "Hi, Peter!" Bob didn't understand. He asked another student, " Why do some students call me Peter?"
"Oh, that is easy to answer," the student said. "Peter was a student here last year. Now, he goes to a different school. You like Peter. Some students think that you are Peter."
Bob wanted to meet Peter. He got Peter's address  from a student and went to Peter's house. Peter opened the door. Bob couldn't believe his   eyes. He looked really like Peter! Bob and Peter had the same color eyes and the same smile. They had the same black hair. They also had the same birthday.
Bob and Peter found out that they were twin brothers. They both were adopted  by two different families. Soon after the boys born, one family adopted Bob, and another family adopted Peter. Bob's family never knew about Peter, and Peter's family never knew about Bob, either.
The question is: Another student told Bob that   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:students liked Peter
B:he looked liked Peter
C:Peter was a good student in that school
D:Peter liked his studies very muchNews 1 :  Have you ever thought of being able to fly around the world in a few hours though it is about 40,000 kilometers? One day,maybe you can. Last Saturday,the American X-43A airplane made its first flight. It reached a speed of 8,000 kilometres an hour. This makes it the fastest plane in the world. The X-43A is only three to four metres long,but it's very heavy:it weighs 1,270 kilogrames.
News 2 :  Have you ever got angry at books that are full of mistakes? Don't worry,things will get better soon. Last week,China started checking textbooks,dictionaries and children's books all over the country. The government said the results of the checking would come out at the end of June.
News 3 : There will be a new "star" in the sky soon. China plans to send a satellite  into space by December 2006. It will stay in space for one year. It will go around the moon and take pictures. It must be very expensive,right? That's for sure-1. 4 billion yuan!
News 4 : Floods across the northern Mexican  state of Coahuila killed at least 32 people and left100 more missing. It was reported on Monday. The heavy rain hit the state all night last Friday,so some banks of the river were broken. Along the river about 3,000 families were seriously affected .
The question is: Many families were affected because of   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:the heavy rain on Monday
B:the broken banks of the river
C:the floods across Mexico
D:the death of 132 peopleMy name's Mary. This is my family tree. These are my parents. Their names are Bill and Grace Brown. Those are my grandparents. Their names are Hery and Linda Brown. This is my uncle. His name is John. That boy is my brother. His name is Tony. This is Susan. She is my uncle's daughter.
,. (2,10)
The question is: Henry is Susan's   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:father
B:grandfather
C:uncle
D:grandmotherA baby carrier is like a backpack for carrying a baby. Ann Moore introduced the idea of a baby carrier to American people nearly 50 years ago.
Ann spent two years in Africa in the early 1960s. She worked as a nurse there. Ann saw babies wrapped in bright cloth tied to their mothers' backs. The babies snuggled   close to their mothers, and the mothers could use their hands to do other things.
In 1964, Ann had her own baby. She tried making a carrier like the one African mothers used. The carrier was like a backpack. Everywhere Ann went with her baby in the carrier, people asked, "Where can I buy one?" In 1965, Ann and her mother began to sell handmade carriers. Ann received a patent   for the baby carrier in 1969. By that time, the baby carrier had leg holes and straps   that could be made longer or shorter. It could also be worn on the back or front.
By 1979, the baby carriers were made in a factory. These baby carriers cost less to make and more than 25,000 were sold every month.
When Ann made her first baby carrier, she just wanted to keep her baby close and still have her hands free to do other things. Now all over the world babies ride in baby carriers, close to their parents, safe and happy.
,.
The question is: From the passage we can learn that people usually invent new things to  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:start a family business
B:show they are better than others
C:help people in poor areas
D:make their lives easierAnybody can learn to count fast if he knows the secret of following trick.
Ask your friend to write any five-figure   number on the blackboard. Then you write your five-figure number under it. You choose your figures so that each one with the figure above it will  make nine.
Tell your friend to put a third five-figure number under your number. Then you write a fourth number in the same way. After he has written the fifth number, you draw a line under it and quickly write the sum. . You may even write it from left to right..
How do you do it ? You take away two from the fifth number and put two in front of your answer. Is it interesting?
The question is: If the fifth number is 49834, the sum will be  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:249834
B:298344
C:298342
D:249832Almost nothing we do in this world is done in isolation*. At work or at play, you'll find yourself in groups, working with other people: your team at work, a meeting with fellow workers, your family, a holiday with friends, a group of students working together, a group of neighbors wanting to make changes. It is now realized that being able to work successfully with other people is one of the main keys to success, partly because we need to do it so often.
In almost every situation where you're in a group, you will need a skilled leader. All groups need leaders and all successful groups have good leaders. Groups without leaders or with weak leaders almost always break down. Members of a leaderless group often begin to feel disappointed and helpless. Time is wasted and the tasks are not achieved. There are often arguments and nervousness between people as there is nobody to keep the goals clear.
Some people are natural leaders. The well-known cook, Antonio Carlucci says, "True leaders are born and you see them in kitchens." They're people who are strong, fair, and humorous. Although a lot of people agree that there are some natural-born leaders, most people now know that leadership can also be taught. Experienced teachers can train almost anyone how to be a successful leader. Good leaders don't make people do things in a controlling way. You can learn how to join others, encouraging the whole group to work towards a common goal.
Successful leaders also need to be calm and wise. They need to be able to work out good solutions and make perfect judgments* under pressure. Lastly, and probably most importantly, good leaders need to be sensitive*, confident and be able to get on well with different kinds of people.
The question is: Which of the following is NOT correct according to this passage?
The possible answers are:
A:One of the main keys to success is being able to work with others well.
B:People will often feel disappointed and helpless if they aren't with good leaders.
C:Being calm and wise can help leaders make perfect judgments under pressure.
D:Experienced teachers can hardly train people to be successful leaders.As an old Chinese saying goes, food is what matters most to people. A Bite of China Season Two, all about the history and culture of eating and cooking in China, broadcast on CCTV-1 from April 18 to June 6. Food plays an important role in our daily life. It is also one of the most important parts of Chinese culture. Besides the rich food culture in China, A Bite of China Season Two also wants to show the joys and sadnesses of ordinary Chinese in changing times through food.
The documentary makes viewers long for home and the tastes of childhood. One Weibo user wrote, "A Bite of China Season Two makes me have so many words to say. It makes me think of my parents and grandmother. I remember my father taught me how to fish when I was a kid. I haven't been home for a long time, so I've decided to go back in a few days."
The documentary uses food as a window to introduce China to the world. Viewers can see how Chinese people love life by loving food. The new season is not just an introduction to food. It also explores the relationship between Chinese people and their food. Anyone who wants to know more about Chinese food culture and Chinese society should have a bite of the programme.
The question is: What's the main idea of the programme?
The possible answers are:
A:The development of Chinese history.
B:An introdution to Chinese culture.
C:The history and culture of Chinese food.
D:Feelings of ordinary Chinese.Lion is a special animal to Chinese people. A couple of stone lions, a male   and a female  , can often be seen in front of the gates of old buildings. The male lion is on the left with his right paw   on a ball, and the female on the right. And her left paw is touching a baby animal.
The lion is the king in the animal world because he is powerful. The ball shows the country or the family will be together forever, and the baby animal with the female shows that you will have many children.
The stone lions were also used to show the families were powerful. If you had no money or power, you couldn't put the stone lions in front of your houses.
It was also popular to make bridges with stone lions. The best known of this is the Lugou Bridge (also as Marco Polo Bridge), built from 1189 to 1192. The stone lions on the bridge are most famous. Maybe there are 485 lions in all, maybe there are 498 or 501. A famous saying is that "the lions on the Lugou Bridge are uncountable ."
The question is: What is a special animal in Chinese people?
The possible answers are:
A:Dragon .
B:Tiger.
C:Lion.
D:Dog.My name is Peter and I'm 12 years old. I don't have a brother or a sister. I am in No.2 Middle School. My parents are Gray and Nancy Wilson. My father is a worker and my mother is a music teacher.
My father's parents are David and Jacy Wilson. They don't live with us. They live in the nearby city . David is 63 and Jacy is 61. They come to see us once a month .
My mother's parents are Henry and Sara Smith. Henry is 62 and Sara is 58. They are farmers. They have a farm. They grow vegetables and rice . I like to go to see my grandparents.
The question is: How many children do Gary and Nancy Wilson have?
The possible answers are:
A:One.
B:Two.
C:Three.
D:Four.Many children think mobile phones are cool. They come in fun colours and you can talk with a friend anytime and anywhere.
In the USA, more than 90 million people use mobile phones. Many of those people are children. For children, mobile phones are more than phone calls. They are fashionable.
Most mobile phone users don't think about the health problems caused by mobile phones. Some scientists say that mobile phones give off radiation  that might be bad for users. One recent study shows that mobile phone radiation might raise a person's chance of getting some kinds of cancer. Other scientists say mobile phones are not bad for people's health. They say that they didn't find any link between mobile phone use and cancer.
Scientists say that people can protect themselves from mobile phone radiation. One way is to use an earphone, or people can make shorter calls.
The question is: Many children like mobile phones because they think mobile phones are   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:cool
B:colourful
C:cheap
D:their toysIn Barnes London Wetland Centre, you can enjoy a large number of wild birds and wild animals. Adults' fare is PS7.95, and children's fare is PS4.50. But if holding a London pass, you can have free admission .
London Wetland Centre is thought to be the European City's best place to contact wild animals. London Wetland Centre is the UK's most worthy  of showing off, and the most exciting wildlife projects, including 43 hectares of grassland, as well as pools.
Barnes wetlands are located  in the Thames. This award-winning centre always interest many scientists. There are many different kinds of animals, including the cormorant ,the Kingfisher  and the endangered water vole .
In London Wetland Centre there are a large number of different habitats. When visiting the centre, visitors can watch movies through the video to learn more about wetlands and the knowledge of biological species .
For children, London Wetland Centre is a good choice to learn a lot about the knowledge of nature.
There are many other interesting places about wildlife. If you are interested in wildlife, why not go to London Zoo, Regent Park or River Thames _ to experience the world's most beautiful gardens. Holders of London Passes can visit them freely.
The question is: At the   _  , visitors can learn more about wetlands and the knowledge of biological species.
The possible answers are:
A:Tower Bridge
B:London Wetland Centre
C:Big Ben
D:London TowerJackie visited his grandparents on their farm. And he was playing with a slingshot in the woods. He practised in the woods but he could never hit the target. As he was walking back, he saw Grandma's pet duck. Without thinking, he shot, hit the duck in the head, and killed it. He was very afraid. He knew Grandma loved the duck. She would be sad or even angry if she knew that her duck was killed. He then hid the dead duck under a tree. His sister Susan saw it all, but she said nothing.
After lunch that day Grandma said, "Susan, let's wash the dishes." But Susan said,  "Grandma, Jackie told me he wanted to help in the kitchen today, didn't you, Jackie?" And then she whispered to him, "Remember the duck?" So Jackie did the dishes.
Later Grandpa asked if the children wanted to go fishing, but Grandma said, "I'm sorry but I need Susan to help clean the house." But Susan smiled and said,  "Well, that's all right because Jackie told me he wanted to help." and she whispered again, "Remember the duck?" So Susan went fishing with Grandpa and Jackie stayed.
These "remember the duck" went on for many days. Then finally Jackie _ it any longer. He came to Grandma and told her that he had killed the duck. She gave him a hug, and said, "Sweetheart, I know. You see, I was standing at the window and I saw the whole thing. But because I love you, I forgave you. But I just wanted to see how long you would let Susan make a slave   of you. "
The question is: Susan didn't tell Grandma about Jackie's secret because   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:she wanted Jackie to do something for her
B:she was afraid Grandma would be very sad
C:she didn't want to make Grandma angry
D:she loved her brother very muchHello! I'm Mark Smith. I'm an American boy. I'm 12 years old. This is my little sister, Ann . She is five. My family are in China now. Because my father and my mother work in China. They are English teachers. They work hard. The students all like them.
Now I'm a middle school student. I have a friend at school. He's a Chinese boy. He's very good. His name is Huang Long. His English name is Bill. But I don't know his family name. Can you tell me?
The question is: What's Ann' s last name?
The possible answers are:
A:Mark
B:Bill
C:Huang
D:SmithMichael Jordan was born on February17,1963,in Brooklyn ,New York . Jordan is the fourth of the five children in his family .His family moved to North Carolina when he was just a baby .As a young boy , his favourite sport was baseball ,but soon he found that he could play basketball as well .At the age of 17, he began to show people just how talented (  )he really was .Throughout his basketball career (  ) , Michael Jordan has  won many scoring titles  ( ) .many boys and girls look up to Michael Jordan as their hero .Do you know he was a hero ,too , when he was growing up ? He looks up to his older brother ,Larry , Michael Jordan , a basketball superstar , is not just a star on the basketball court .He also works hard to raise money for many children's charities( ) . He encourages children to develop their talents by practice , practice and practice !
The question is: Michael Jordan often tried his best to raise money for   _   .
The possible answers are:
A:his hometown
B:his school
C:his coach
D:many children's charities .A farmer had a faithful  horse who was old and couldn't do much work. So the farmer no longer wanted to give him anything to eat and said, " If you can bring me a lion here, I will keep you."
The horse was sad, and went to the forest. There he met a fox. After the fox heard the story, he said. "I will help you. Just lie down, as if you were dead, and do not move.''
The horse did what the fox asked, and then the fox went to the lion and said, "A dead horse is lying out there. Just come with me, and you have a rich meal."
The lion went with him, and they were both standing by the horse, the fox said, "Now let me tie the horse to your tail and you can take it home and eat it."
The fox's words made the lion very happy. But the fox tied the lion's legs together with the horse's tail. When the fox finished his work, he said to the horse, "Pull the lion to the farmer."
Then the horse pulled the lion away with him at once. The lion was very angry but he couldn't do anything. When the farmer saw the lion, he was in a good mood , and said to the horse, " You can stay with me.'' And he give him enough food to eat until the horse died.
The question is: The farmer didn't want to keep his horse any more because  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:the horse was lazy
B:the horse didn't follow the farmer's words
C:the horse was ill
D:the horse was too old to do much work.A young woman was at the cinema,and she was enjoying the film very much.In the next seat there was an old man,and he began looking on the floor under him.The woman was angry and whispered ,"What are you doing now? What are you looking for?"
"A piece of chocolate ,"the man whispered to her,"I've dropped it on the floor."
"A piece of chocolate? "the woman said angrily,"It s dirty now! Take this and be quiet, please! I'm listening to the film!"She gave the man a big piece of chocolate.
"But."the man said,"my teeth are in the piece on the floor!"
The question is: The woman gave the man a big piece of chocolate   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:so that he could listen to the film
B:so that he could be quiet
C:because his chocolate was dirty
D:because she had too much chocolateNever try to work when you are very hungry. If you decide to do your homework right after school, you may get something to eat before going to work. Always do your homework before you get too tired. Don't wait until very late in the evening, or your work will seem much harder than it really is.
If you have more than an hour's work, give yourself a break after an hour. On the other hand don't break it up so much that you can't get anything down. You should be able to work at least a half at a time without stopping.
Don't put it off until the last minute. If you put off doing your homework, you will have it on your mind, and you won't enjoy your free time so much. If you put it off until the end of the week or until before a test, you will have too much catching up to do. A little bit each night, enough to keep up with what is happening each day in school, will take the fear out of tests and keep you on top of it all.
Do your homework at the same time every evening. This will help you make it a _ . It will make it easier to do, and it will make your free time more enjoyable as well.
The question is: Which is the best title for this passage?
The possible answers are:
A:Do Your homework at the same time.
B:A Must for your homework in time.
C:Don't try to work when hungry.
D:Some Don'ts and Dos in SchoolsThe class in America is almost the same as that in China. But something is different.
 In America, if the teacher asks you a question but you don't understand, you should put up your hand and ask the teacher to repeat it. If you don't know the answer, it is all right to tell the teacher you don't know. Then he or she knows what you need to learn.
 You mustn't be _ on a test day. If you're badly ill, call and let the teacher know you will not be there for the test. If your teacher allows make-up tests  , you should take the test in one or two days after you go back to school.
 Be on time! It is impolite to be late. If you come late, be sure to do it quietly. Take your books out of your bag after you go into the classroom. Then go to your seat and sit down quietly. In the US, you needn't knock at the door before you come into the classroom.
 If you have to leave during the class, do it quietly, too. There is no need to ask the teacher's agreement.
The question is: In America, if you don't know the answer to the question in class, you should  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:keep quiet
B:tell your teacher you don't know
C:repeat the question
D:be laughed atJanuary 16, 2014 - We know the saying "The early bird gets the worm", but today you're going to  learn about the interesting saying "The early fish gets the bird."
An African tigerfish  was seen jumping out of the air and catching a flying bird. The African tigerfish has bright red fins and very sharp teeth. There have been rumors  this kind of fish preys on  birds since the 1940s, but no one was able to catch _ .
"The whole action of jumping and catching happens so quickly that after we saw it, it took all of us a moment to really understand what we had just seen," said Nico Smit from Environmental Sciences and Management at North-West University.
Smit and his research team saw it at a lake in the Mapungubwe National Park in South Africa during summer. They found about 20 fish feeding on birds in the morning. Those birds may be out early to look for food, but we will never know for sure!
The question is: Which of the following is true according to the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:Nobody has heard of the rumors about the tigerfish before.
B:It took Smit a moment to understand what he had seen about the fish.
C:The interesting findings happened in a lake in the afternoon.
D:The birds were caught by the tigerfish because they were out too early for food.I'm Ann. I am twelve. My birthday is on May 11th.  I am a student. I am in No. 3 middle School. I have a good friend. Her name is Alice. She is twelve, too. We are not in the same class. We have the same English teacher. Her name is Monica. We all like her. Kate is Alice's sister. Oh, today is November 11th. It's Kate's birthday. I will buy her a birthday card.
The question is: How old is Alice?
The possible answers are:
A:11.
B:12.
C:13.
D:14.I spent my last vacation trekking  in Nepal, a small country in the Himalaya Mountains of Asia. On a trekking vacation, you walk for long distances through the mountains. There are very few roads in Nepal, so trekking is the best way to travel. It's best if you hire  a guide . The guides know the best paths to take and they also help trekkers with their bags. Our guide even cooked our food for us. Every day, we trekked for about four hours before lunch, and about two hours in the afternoon. At the end of the day's trek, we sat around a campfire and talked about the things we saw. Then we went to sleep in large tents. Every morning, our guide brought breakfast to our tent. It was great. At the end of the trip, I didn't want to go home!
The question is: How long did the writer walk every day?
The possible answers are:
A:two hours.
B:four hours.
C:six hours.
D:seven hours.Recently we had a discussion on the topic of My Chinese Dream. Inspired  by President Xi's  Chinese Dream, everyone talked happily about his understanding of the Chinese Dream.
For me ,I would like to be a teacher when I listen to my teacher carefully. I think I can be a teacher when I grow up. I can help many students learn things well. I can play with my students, too. So we are good friends.I would like to be a doctor when I see many doctors save their _ . Then I can help many people out of danger. I will be the happiest girl in the world. I would like to be a reporter when I watch TV every evening. We can get lots of important information from them. And I can learn a lot about China and the other countries around the world. They make the world smaller and also make us happy.
I have lots of dreams. Hold fast  to my dreams, no matter how big or small they are. The dreams may not be smooth  and wide, even need some sacrifices , but hold on to the end, you will find there is no greater happiness than making your dream come true.
The question is: The reasons for why I want to be a reporter which is wrong   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:Learn a lot about the countries around the world
B:Make us happy
C:Get lots of important information
D:I can play with my studentsI'm Cindy. Today is January 20th. It's my birthday. I get up at 7:30am. My parents say"Happy birthday!" to me.
Today I get lots of gifts  from my parents and my friends. My father gives me a book. My mother gives me a blue skirt. Ben, one of my good friends, gives me a basketball. There is a green note on my table. It says," I'm your gift, and I'm behind your schoolbag." Aha, it's a radio! It's from my brother, Jim.
I'm a very happy girl. I love my family and my friends very much.
The question is: Cindy's birthday is on   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:January 19th
B:January 20th
C:January 21
st
D:January 22ndMary Walker works at a bank.  She begins working at eight in the morning.  She has a break at noon for one hour.  She stops working at five in the afternoon.  At five the bank closes.  Everybody goes home.  Some people drive home.  Some ride bikes.  Some take the bus or the train.  But Mary walks home.  She likes to walk.  She walks,  and walks,  and walks and walks.  Mary lives eight miles  from the bank.  She walks for three hours.  At eight in the evening,  Mary is at home.  She eats dinner.  At ten she goes to bed.  Mary is tired .  She is 82 years old.
The question is: Which sentence is right?
The possible answers are:
A:Mary rides home.
B:Mary takes a bus home.
C:Mary walks home.
D:Mary drives home.My name is Max. I am twelve years old. I have many friends. Most of them are as old as I. Some are older. Some are younger.
My best friend is Bill. He lives near me. We go to the same school and we are in the same class. Bill helps me with my math homework. I help him with his English homework. Bill is taller than me. He is quite fat. He doesn't like sports, so he doesn't get much exercise. We both have black eyes, but Bill's hair is longer. I like sports and I play football or go swimming every day. Every Sunday morning Bill and I play computer games. Sometimes I win. Sometimes he wins.
,,2B.
The question is: Max and Bill live   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:near each other
B:in different towns
C:in the same house
D:in the schoolThere is a little story about an insurance  salesman in Tokyo. Even though this man tried very hard to promote the insurance, nobody bought it. One day, he came to a small temple and began to brag about his insurance. After listening to his introduction, the monk said: "Your recommendation of insurance can't arouse any of my interests! When you are communicating with others, you must have the charm to attract others, or you will be unpromising in the future. Young man, try to change yourself!"
The salesman thought deeply about each word. From then on, he invited all his friends to point out his weakness and kept on improving himself bit by bit for all his life. Thirty years later, he became a millionaire. And this man is the famous Yuan Yi Ping. His experience reflects one attitude: sometimes, we should change ourselves instead of changing the world.
The question is: The right title for this passage can be "   _  ".
The possible answers are:
A:A story about a salesman
B:Communicate more with others
C:Attract others
D:Change yourselfA young man worked very hard at his lessons. He was too busy to have a rest. At last, he became ill, so he couldn't go to sleep. Every night, when he went to bed, he closed his eyes and tried to sleep. But he always stayed awake and couldn't fall asleep.
After some days, he decided to see a doctor. "I just can't go to sleep at night. What should I do? Could you please help me?"
"I have a suggestion ,"said the doctor. "Try counting numbers. By the time you reach one thousand, you'll be asleep. I'm sure of it."
The next day the man returned to the doctor's office. "Well," said the doctor, how are you today? Did you try my suggestion?"
The man still looked tired. "Yes," he said, "I tried counting one, two, and three-- up to one thousand. But when I reached five hundred and sixty-nine, I began to feel sleepy. I had to get up and drink some tea so that I could go on counting up to one thousand. But then I still couldn't fall asleep."
The question is: The doctor asked the young man   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:to get up to drink some tea
B:to take some medicine and go to bed earlier
C:to count numbers while he was lying in bed
D:to count numbers before he went to bedWhat's the most important thing for you to have in your life? Somebody mentions hard-work, others suggest knowledge, love and luck.
If you arrange the 26 English letters alphabetically and use numbers to represent each of them, for example, 1 for a, 2 for b, 3 for c..., you can change an English word into a number. So hard-work becomes 8+1+18+4+23+15+18+11="98," meaning 98 is its mark; knowledge: 11+14+15+23+12+5+4+7+5="96," while love: 12+15+22+5="54," and luck: 12+21+3+11="47," a small mark. None of these words can give one a full mark. What about money? It can't , either.
Then what else? Don't be worried. You can always find an answer to a problem in your life, when you change your way of looking at things or doing things, or your attitude. Yes, attitude is the word. See for yourself: attitude:1+20+20+9+20+21+4+5=100,a full mark.
Most times people hope for a better life. It is possible if you will have a change for the better after you have changed your attitude. When you change your manner and become friendly to others, you'll meet more smiling faces towards you.
The question is: In the writer's opinion, what is the most important thing in a person's life?
The possible answers are:
A:Hard-work.
B:Knowledge.
C:Money.
D:Attitude.Very often, newly-born babies are not beautiful. They are wrinkled  or hairless, or they have an angry look on their face. They seem to say, "Get away! I hate everybody." But to a parent, that hairless, wrinkled, angry-faced baby is the most beautiful and perfect child in the world. When that proud father or mother asks you, "Well, what do you think...isn't she beautiful?" What are you going to say? Is this the time for the truth? Of course not!
You look at that proud father or mother in the eye and say, "Yes, she is! She is really a beauty. She's one in a million. She's going to be a movie star! I can tell! She's as beautiful as a picture."
In English, this is a _ lie. White lies don't hurt people. They are not cruel or angry words. People use them to make a difficult thing a little easier. When people don't want to meet someone, or eat something new that they really don't like at a friend's house, they tell a white lie. They are trying to be kind. They feel that being kind is sometimes more important than telling the truth.
The question is: Which of the following is a white lie?
The possible answers are:
A:You broke the window but you say you didn't.
B:You know Jack was late but you say you don't.
C:Your friend's bag isn't beautiful but you say it is.
D:you tell a parent that the newly-born baby isn't beautiful.Here is nine o' clock news
Prime Minister Abdul Krim of Tyrea has said that the danger in the Middle East is greater now than for the past two years. His country does not want war, he says, but the Tyrean people have waited too long for an end to the troubles with their neighbours. If war comes, says Mr King, Tyrea will be ready.
Ben Kitson, the writer of stories and plays for children, has died at his home in California. Mr Kitson was 82. His most famous book of stories, The Gentleman's House, sells all over the world, in more than twenty-five languages.
Policeman in New York have stopped work. Their leader , Mr Paulo Angeli, says that they will return to work only when they receive more money for working long hours and doing what Mr Angel calls "the most dangerous job in the city."
It has been a good year on the farm. The warm, wet spring, and the fine summer have been very good for all kinds of food plants. This means that fruit and vegetables will cost less in the shops this year.
And now it's time for "Morning Music".
.
The question is: Abdul Krim has said that  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:there is no more danger of war
B:the danger of war passed two years ago
C:there is more danger of war now
D:are a great danger in the Middle EastDo you know that colorful fruits and vegetables are good for your health? Their natural colors help protect your body from disease. Think about the colors of the food: the red of tomatoes, the orange of carrots, the green of kiwi fruit , and the purple of grapes.
You can enjoy eating fruits and vegetables of all colors: green, yellow, orange, red, blue, purple and white. Each color has something unique  and important for good health. They work together to protect your body.
Scientists have surprisingly discovered the _ of colorful fruits and vegetables. The list below shows the benefits of some colors in fruits and vegetables.
Red gives you a healthy heart. It can reduce the risk of heart disease. Red helps prevent cancer. It helps improve your memory, too.
Yellow and orange give you a healthy immune system . They are also good for your eyes. They help prevent blindness in the old.
White can keep cholesterol  at a lower level.
Green helps prevent cancer. It is good for your eyes. It also gives you strong bones and teeth.
Blue and purple help protect your memory as you grow old. They also help fight cancer and heart disease.
So when you buy or eat fruits and vegetables, remember: the more colors, the better!
The question is: _  different colors of fruits and vegetables are mentioned in the passage.
The possible answers are:
A:Four
B:Five
C:Six
D:SevenSo many of us expect everything we do to be successful. We look forward to success to show us our value or to be the top of the group wherever we are. How many times in our schooling did we hope for a high mark? We want it and then feel like a failure when we don't achieve what we want. Even when we succeed we still pass that and go onto the next success and then the next. We are not often taught how to face failures.
For me, failure taught me more than success did. Success is of the moment and temporary but failure means we have ever done. It makes me stop and think. It opened my eyes and brain to different possibilities. Failure is just a choice in redoing not in giving up. Experiencing failure,I looked deeper and further.
I have a grandson who plays hockey  and as all players do,he went through a _ . So I saw he was unhappy with himself. Then I said to him, "Why don't you think of it differently rather than being unhappy?" And I asked, "Scoring is your goal, right?" He answered,"Of course." "Why aren't you scoring now? Do you need a readjustment ?"All of a sudden he calmed down--he was thinking of what I had just said. So in the next game I saw him trying different things to do better. Later he started scoring. Now when something is wrong, he takes the time to think it over rather than just keeping the "failure" mode .
Look at failure differently. Failure is what gives us power to try a different way of doing things.
It teaches us to rethink, redo, and then success will come about. Don't give up but learn to use a different way.
The question is: According to the author,when we succeed we  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:are quite proud
B:are usually wild with joy
C:usually set up a higher goal
D:usually think of our failure over and overI will never forget that unusual day!I kept hearing a strange noise while I was driving down a mountain in my car,so I stopped on the dirty road to check.There was a little green head looking at me in my backpack."What are you doing there,little frog?''I said to myself.Well,you can imagine my surprise when I heard this frog answering me in the voice of a frog."Madam.I love to travel so much that I just can't control myself when I see a backpack."
I just looked at him with my mouth open and didn't know what to say.
"Oh, dear Madam,"continued the frog,"I am Mongy.Nice to meet you!"
"Nice to meet you,too!You can call me Christa.How is it possible that I can hear you,Mongy?"
"You wanted to get to know nature and the living things in the world,and you started paying attention to nature.Most people never pay attention to nature,so they only listen when they are young.But you heard the voices of nature calling you.You went even further than that and you tried to get along well with nature.That's why you can hear me now.''
It was at this moment that my life changed and I suddenly knew what my destiny would be from that day on.
The question is: What does the writer want to tell us?
The possible answers are:
A:What her unusual day was like.
B:About her special ability to talk with flogs.
C:To protect small animals.
D:To build a friendly relationship with nature.Once there was an old farmer. He had a horse and the horse was almost as old as himself. One morning he set out with his young son to sell the horse before it died. The father and the son walked because the farmer did not want the horse to be too tired . They met two men on the road. They said, "Why are you walking, farmer? You have a horse. It's a long way to get to the market. "The farmer knew that this was true, so he rode on the horse while his son walked. Then they met two old ladies. "What are you doing up there, farmer? Can't you see how tired your son is? "So the farmer got down, and let his son ride on it. Twenty minutes later, three old men stopped them. One said, "Why are you walking, farmer? Get up; it's too hot for an old man like you to walk today. "So the farmer got up behind his son and they went on riding. Some time later, a young woman passed them. "Why aren't you walking?"She asked, "It isn't far to the market. Give your poor old horse a rest. " So the farmer and his son got down once again. It is a fact that you cannot please all the people all the time.
The question is: What did the writer really want to tell us?
The possible answers are:
A:The old man was a fool
B:The horse was old and was going to die
C:It is right to listen to others
D:It is impossible for a man to make everyone satisfied all the time.Different countries have different greeting customs. Read this article to know more about the greeting customs in different cultures, and make sure you greet people in the right way next time you visit one of these countries.
France
French people greet each other with a handshake, but close friends kiss each other on both cheeks when they meet. They do this _ when meeting and before leaving.
South Korea
In South Korea, it is a sign of respect for people to bow when greeting each other. In Korea, a bow is followed by a handshake. When shaking someone's hand, it is polite to support the right forearm   with the left hand. However, South Korean women do not shake hands with Western men; instead, they bow slightly.
Brazil
Kissing women on the cheek is a common way of greeting. In a formal situation, a handshake is often done to show respect. Men should shake hands before and after meeting, and once they have become familiar with each other, a light hug is often given to each other.
Ghana
In a social situation, it's polite to greet everyone in the room. A handshake is used in greeting, and one palm   must directly touch the other palm. It's considered disrespectful to touch the back of the hand.
The Philippines
There are several ways of greeting people in the Philippines. An elderly person places his or her right hand on the forehead   of a child to "bless" the latter. This is called "mano". Relatives and family members greet each other with a kiss on the cheek. Friends greet each other with a polite nod or a handshake.
The question is: In Brazil, it is very common to   _   between good friends.
The possible answers are:
A:shake hands
B:kiss on the cheek
C:bow to each other
D:give a light hugComputers are very popular with students now. It's very easy for them to surf the Internet .Most of them go to the Internet bar and spend more than two hours there. They can do their homework,get some information for their study,download music,and send emails on the computer. But some of them spend too much time playing computer games,and it is bad for their study.
The question is: Which of the following is popular with students today?
The possible answers are:
A:The television.
B:The radio.
C:The recorder.
D:The computer.Oxford is a city in the UK. It's in the west of the UK and it's famous for the University of Oxford. It's an old university -- about 900 years old. It has a longer history than Cambridge University. It's the oldest university in the English speaking world.
There are about 20,000 students and they are from all over the world. Many students go to school by bike. There are 38 colleges in the University of Oxford, but Cambridge University has only 31 colleges. There are 104 libraries in the University of Oxford. Bodleian Library is the second largest library in the UK. Stephen Hawking was a student of the University of Oxford. He's a great scientist. Clinton , the 42nd American
was also a student of the University.
The question is: How old is the University of Oxford?
The possible answers are:
A:About 800 years old.
B:About 900 years old.
C:About 700 years old.
D:About 600 years old..Chris is not a traditional explorer --he usually works in an office for a large organization. However, Chris' job can be just as exciting and dangerous as being an explorer.
Chris works for MSF, an organization also known as Doctors Without Border . Since 1971, MFS has sent trained doctors all over the world to help people who have suffered from disasters, such as wars and illnesses. Chris is a doctor from France who has traveled to many places to organize programs that help people.
At the moment, over 27,000 trained doctors have taken part in MSF projects. The organization received the Nobel Peace Prize in 1999. All kinds of doctors can volunteer for MSF. They need to be ready to go almost anywhere in the world and, of course, they should face difficulties. Most of MSF's work is in Africa. When MSF chooses a doctor for a task, they have to go for at least six months. When doctors have completed a few tasks, they might be sent on an emergency  task following a disaster, such as an earthquake.
But why would doctors leave a comfortable life and a good pay to join MSF? According to Chris, the experience they have is a great help in their life. What's more, just like the explorers of the past, they need to keep an open mind and learn to get on well with the people they meet. One thing that they can say at the end of any task is that they have made a real difference to people's lives.
The question is: What is the main idea of this passage?
The possible answers are:
A:Chris is a doctor who has organized programs to help people.
B:MSF received the Nobel Peace Prize for helping poor countries.
C:Volunteer doctors make a real difference to their own lives in MSF.
D:MSF offers medical help to people who have suffered from disasters.I live in a small doll's house in a young girl's room. The girl is called Danielle. She loves me very much. She puts beautiful clothes on me and combs   my hair every day.
I look like a lady from the Tang Dynasty   in China. My clothes are red and blue. I wear golden shoes and small gold hair clips.
Danielle is going to take me to Japan for the Doll Festival. I can see many dolls there. Sometimes I feel lonely   because I am Danielle's only doll and I never see other dolls. I want to talk with other dolls. I want to talk about our clothes, houses and lives. I want to ask the Japanese dolls a lot of questions. I want to ask the Kokeshi dolls   why they have no arms or legs! They are usually little girls. I like to talk to young dolls.
Danielle says I can meet some boys' dolls at the festival too. I hope I can make friends with some of them.
The question is: The writer  _  to go to the Doll Festival.
The possible answers are:
A:dislikes
B:doesn't like
C:likes
D:doesn't wantOne evening , it was raining and the wind was blowing hard . An old couple came to a small hotel and wanted to stay there for the night . A young man welcomed them warmly , but said "I'm sorry ! Our rooms here are all full and the hotels nearby are all full too, for there will be an important meeting held here tomorrow ."
Hearing the young man's words , the old couple felt very disappointed , and turned around to leave . Just as they were leaving , the young man came up to them and stopped them :"Madam and sir ,if you don't mind , you can sleep in my bedroom for a night ." The next morning ,the old couple took out lots of money to give it to the young man ,but he refused to take it .
"No! You needn't pay me any money , for I only lend my room to you." said the young man with a smile on his face.
"You're great, young man! It's very kind of you .Maybe one day , I'll build a hotel for you ."
said the old man. With these words , the old couple left . The young man only laughed and went on working .
Several years later , the young man got a letter from the old couple , inviting him to go to Manhattan  . The young man met the old couple in front of a five-star hotel .
"Do you still remember what I said to you several years ago ? Look ! This is the hotel that I built for you !" said the old man . Soon, the young man became the manager of the hotel.
The question is: The writer mainly wants to tell us that   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:we should be kind-hearted to others
B:we'd better be polite to old couples
C:old couples are rich to help young people
D:five-star hotels need young managersMr. and Mrs. Jones never go out in the evening, but last Saturday Mrs. Jones said to her husband , "There is a good film at the cinema tonight. Shall we go and see it?"
Mr. Jones was quite happy about it. So they went, and both of them enjoyed the film very much. When they came out of the cinema, it was 11 o'clock. They got into their car and began driving home. It was quite dark. Mrs. Jones said," Look, a woman is running along the road very fast and a man is running after her. Can you see them?" Mr. Jones said, "Yes, I can."
He drove the car slowly near the woman and said to her, "Can I help you?" "No, thanks," said the woman, but she did not stop running. "My husband and I always run home after the cinema. Because whoever  gets home late are going to do the dishes."
The question is: On their way home, they saw   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:a man running after a woman
B:two men running together
C:a woman running after a man
D:two women runningWhen the weather is hot, you go to a lake or an ocean. When you are near a lake or an ocean, you feel cool. Why? The sun makes the earth hot, but it can not make the water hot. Though the air over the earth becomes hot, the air over the water stays cool. The hot air over the earth goes up, then the cool air over the water moves in and takes the place of the hot air. When you are near a lake or an ocean, you feel the cool air when _ moves in. You feel the wind and the wind makes you cool.
Of course, scientists cannot answer all of our questions. If we ask "Why is the ocean full of salt?" scientists will say that the salt comes from rocks. When a rock gets very hot or very cool, it cracks   , and rain falls into the cracks. The rain then carries the salt into the earth and the rivers. The rivers carry the salt into the ocean. But then we ask "What happens to the salt in the ocean? The ocean does not get saltier every year. " scientists are not sure about the answer to the question.
We know a lot about our world. But there are still many answers that we do not have, and we are curious .
The question is: A rock crack when  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:rain falls
B:it gets very hot
C:it gets very cold
D:Both B and CKung Fu Panda is a 2008 American computer-animated action comedy movie made by DreamWorks. It was directed by John Stevenson and Mark Osborne. It tells the story about a big fat panda named Po who is a kung fu fan. The movie came out in 2008 and stars Jack Black as Po. It received critical acclaim and became a box office success. A successful sequel , Kung Fu Panda 2 was released   in 2011.
A big, fat panda named Po the panda dreams of becoming a kung fu master, but he doesn't know kung fu. One day, kung fu teacher Master Shifu holds a competition to see who will become the Dragon Warrior , the most powerful kung fu master in the land. Everyone thinks one of Shifu's students, the Furious Five  will become the Dragon Warrior, but Po is chosen instead and begins learning kung fu. Shifu and the Furious Five don't like Po the panda and try to make him quit, but he becomes friends with them. When Master Shifu learns that the evil Tai Lung the snow leopard  is coming to the land, he quickly teaches Po kung fu so he can be given the Dragon Scroll that will help him beat Tai Lung. Nothing is written on the scroll, but Po finds out that he doesn't need the scroll to be the Dragon Warrior and beats Tai Lung without it. Po becomes a kung fu master and Dragon Warrior loved by everyone and peace returns to the land.
The question is: What's the dream of Po?
The possible answers are:
A:To become the Dragon Warrior
B:To become the Furious Five
C:To become the Dragon Scroll
D:To become a kung fu masterClothes are important and necessary to us, but do you know how to choose suitable clothes in a correct way? Here are some ideas for you.
When you go shopping and want to buy some clothes,you should think about which kind of clothes you really need and decide how much money you can spend on them.Then look at the _ that are inside the new clothes. They tell you how to take care of the clothes.The label for a shirt may tell you to wash it in warm water. A sweater label may tell you to wash it in cold water. The label on a coat may say "dry clean only" and cleaning in water may ruin this coat. If you do as the directions say on the label, you can keep your clothes looking their best.
Many clothes today must be dry-cleaned. Dry cleaning is expensive. When buying new clothes, you had better check if they need to be dry-cleaned. You can save money if you buy clothes that can be washed or that are well-made. Well-made clothes last longer. They look good even after they have been washed many times.
Clothes that cost more money don't always mean they are better made. They may not fit you, either. On the other hand, less expensive clothes may sometimes look better and fit you well.
The question is: According to the passage,a sweater may be  _  .                .
The possible answers are:
A:washed in cold water
B:washed once a week
C:washed in hot water
D:dry-cleaned onlyHave you ever heard of the group Westlife? Maybe you have, but I'm sure many of you don't know very much about it.
Westlife is an Irish boy band group, which was made up of 6 boys in the beginning and called IOU. The group quickly became popular with young people thanks to their song Swear It Again, which was at the top of the UK charts   in April 1999.
Chinese fans got their first chance to see Westlife on March 6th, 2006 in Beijing. Although the four-member group has been singing pop for seven years, the young boys have all since grown up and their songs are still very popular. When they performed in Beijing, Westlife released   their new album Face to Face in China. Face to Face has been at the top of the British charts for a long time. The album's most popular song You Raise Me Up mixes traditional Irish music with pop music.
Although hip-hop is quite popular among the young, Westlife has no plans to change. They said, "Hip-hop is for the young, but pop can be enjoyed by moms who are busy cooking meals and raising the kids.
The question is: Which of the following is Not true about Westlife's new album Face to Face?
The possible answers are:
A:Swear It Again is one of the songs in the album.
B:You Raise Me Up mixes traditional Irish music with pop music.
C:The new album came out in 2006.
D:Face to Face was popular in Britain.Many cultures have different ideas about why people catch colds. For example in the United States, some people think that you can catch a cold if your feet get cold. So, mothers tell small children to wear warm boots in the winter. In other places, including parts of the Middle East, some people believe that strong winds cause colds. So, on trains and buses, people usually don't like to sit next to open windows. In parts of Europe, some people think that wearing wet clothes will give you a cold. They say that after you go swimming, you should quickly put on dry clothes. Today, scientists know that colds are caused by a virus . But the old ideas are still very strong, and many _ .
The question is: What is the main idea of this reading?
The possible answers are:
A:People still believe old ideas about why they catch colds.
B:Colds are the biggest health problem in the world.
C:Some people think that strong winds cause colds.
D:You should take good care of your health in winter.Our new neighbours are the Browns. They have two children, a boy and a girl. The boy is Jack and the girl is Alice. Jack is 11, and he is one year older than me. Alice and my sister Nancy are 8 years old.
At weekends, Nancy and I like to go to play with Alice and Jack. Both Jack and I really enjoy playing computer games. Sometimes the girls join us, but the games they enjoy are different from the ones we like.
There is a big park near our house. Sometimes, when the weather is fine, the four of us will go for bike rides there. We often stop at the huge playground to have some fun. Jack and I like to play basketball, but the girls prefer to sing and dance.
Our families often have dinner together. On some days, they come over to our house and on other days, we go over to theirs. Mr Brown and his wife cook really well.
Nancy and I are very glad to have the Browns next door. It's great to have friends living so near.
The question is: Where do the two families have dinner together?
The possible answers are:
A:At a park nearby.
B:At a restaurant.
C:In a forest.
D:At their houses.According to a new survey, students' safety has become a big problem. Now in some cities of China, many schools start a new lesson: self -- protection. Students like this lesson because there are no exams or boring classes. And they can leam how to save lives and know how to stop danger before it happens.
Lin Li, a teacher from Yantai, gives young students some advice on how to deal with danger
If you are in a traffic accident
If a car hits you, you should remember the car number. If you get badly hurt, you should call l20. If it is a bicycle, try to call your parents before you let the rider go. This is because you don't know how seriously you are hurt.
 If it is raining hard and there is lightning  
Don't stay in high places or turn on the TV. Don't use the phones. Keep away from trees.
When there is a fire
Get away as fast as you can. Put wet things on your body and try to find an exit. Don't take the lift.
 If someone is drowning  
If you can't swim, don't get into water. Cry out for help.
If you are robbed  
Keep calm. If you can not cry for help or run away, give the robber your money. Try remember what the robber looks like and tell the police.
Remember that danger is never as far away as you think. Protect yourself at all times !
The question is: If it is raining hard and there is lightning, you can't do these things except  _   .
The possible answers are:
A:using the phones
B:Turing on the TV
C:studying in high places
D:staying away from treesI love to tell the story about how I met my best friend---- Tiger. We met at the school fair. Each year, all the fourth-grade classes hold a school fair. Everyone in the fourth-grade works at the fair. Some sell ice cream, drinks and snacks. Others take care of the little children who ride the rides.
I got the second job and I've never regretted it, because that's where I met Tiger.
My job was to help little children get on the back of a little horse. I kept telling the children to wait their turn and holding ice cream for them while they rode about. One thing was clear to me. I was growing older and should be more responsible.
Suddenly, a boy came to the horse. He took the little horse's reins! The horse stopped, and the girl on its back started to fall. I was trying to reach the girl when I saw Tiger go by my legs. It held the horse's reins and pulled the horse away from my legs. I caught the girl just before we both hit the ground. The girl sat on top of me. She was laughing at the ice cream on my face. The horse's reins were in Tiger's mouth!
Thanks to Tiger's fast action, I saved the little girl. We were both heroes. And Tiger, the fastest dog I've even known became my new best friend.
The question is: Tiger helped to save the little girl on the horse by   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:going fast by the writer's legs
B:trying to catch the little girl
C:holding the reins with its mouth
D:riding the little horse aroundNowadays we can see ATMs everywhere. So we'd better learn how to use an ATM to withdraw money.
First, we must find an ATM for your cards. Some ATMs can only work with certain bank's cards. But now more and more ATMs can use all the banks' cards.
Second, we can put our cards in a slot on the right side of the machine. Make sure the card is facing the right way.
Then , when the screen says, "Please enter your PIN," we can press the numbers. After that, we can select the type of transaction .So we can press the key for withdrawing money.
Next, we can put in the amount of money we want to withdraw by pressing the numbers. Then the screen may say, "Please wait". After a short while, we can take our money from the slot at the bottom of the machine.
At last, if we don't need other services, we can press the key for ending. Then our cards will come out from the slot we put it in. And we can finish our dealing and take the cards and money away.
The question is: The card should be put in the machine  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:from the slot on the left
B:from the slot on the right
C:from the slot above the screen
D:from the slot under the screenSam: Hey, Maria and John. This Thursday is Bill's birthday. Let's think about the presents.
Maria: Sure, Sam. I want to give him a computer game.
Sam: No, Bill never plays computer games.
John: I want to buy a CD of his favourite songs.
Sam: Good idea. Bill likes listening to music.
Maria: How about buying a birthday cake for him?
Sam: Oh, you don't have to do it. His mother usually buys a birthday cake for him.
Maria: How about buying him a cinema ticket? I remember Bill likes watching films.
Sam: That sounds a good idea.
Maria &John: What about you? What would you like to buy for Bill, Sam?
Sam: It's a secret.
The question is: From the conversation, we know Bill doesn't   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:watch films
B:like music
C:play computer games
D:like birthday cakesAn old lady went out shopping last Sunday. She came to a bank and saw a car near the door . A man got out of it  and went into the bank . She looked into the car. The keys were in the lock.
The old lady took the keys and followed the man into the bank. The man took a gun out of his pockets and said to the clerk , " Give me all the money . "
But the old lady didn't see this. She went to the man and put the keys in his hand and said, " Young man , you're foolish . Never leave your keys in your car. Someone's going to steal it . "
The man looked at the old woman for a few seconds. Then he looked at the clerk and then he took the keys and ran off the bank, got into his car and drove away quickly without any money .
,.
The question is: The man got out of the car, and then he went into  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:the police station
B:the post office
C:the bank
D:the shopLion was the King of the Jungle . One day, Giraffe told Lion, "Rabbit says he is the new King of the Jungle."
"What?" Lion was very angry. He went to meet Rabbit.
The other animals followed him to see what he would do.
"Rabbit," said Lion, "Why do you say that you are the new King of the Jungle?"
"Oh, but it's true," said Rabbit. "I'm faster and cleverer than you. We can have a competition ."
"All right," said Lion.
Rabbit took Lion to a deep ravine  . He said, "If I fly down to the ravine faster than you, I am faster and cleverer than you. So I go, or you will go first?"
"Of course I will go first," said Lion, "I am the King of the Jungle!" He then threw himself into the deep ravine.
Rabbit smiled and said to the other animals. "I am your new king now. I am faster and cleverer than Lion."
The other animals didn't understand.
"Lion was stupid! Anyone will die after jumping into the ravine!"
The question is: Rabbit took Lion to   _   to have the competition.
The possible answers are:
A:a deep ravine
B:a long river
C:a high mountain
D:a big houseIn the 13th century , the famous Italian traveller, Marco Polo, travelled a long way to China.During his stay in China, he saw many wonderful things. One of the things he discovered was that the Chinese used paper money. In western countries, people did not use paper money until the 15th century. However, people in China began to use paper money in the 7th century .
A Chinese man called Cai Lun invented  paper almost 2,000 years ago. He made it from wood. He took the wood from trees and made it into paper. He then put these pieces of paper together and made them into a book. Now paper still comes from trees. We use a lot of paper every day. If we keep on wasting so much paper, there will not be any trees left on the earth. If there are no trees, there will be no paper. Every day, people throw away about 2,800 tons  of paper in our city. It takes 17 trees to make one ton of paper.This means that we are cutting nearly 48,000 trees every day. Since it takes more than 10 years for a tree to grow, we must start using less paper now. If we don't, we will not have enough time to grow more trees to take the place of those we use for paper.
So how can we save paper? We can use both sides of every piece of paper, especially when we are making notes. We can choose drinks in bottles instead of those in paper packets. We can also use cotton handkerchiefs   and not paper ones. When we go shopping, we can use fewer paper bags. If the shop assistant gives us a paper bag, we can save it and reuse it later.
Everyone can help to save paper. If we all think carefully, we can help protect  trees. But we should do it now , before it is too late.
The question is: When he was in China, Marco Polo  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:discovered Cai Lun invented paper
B:learned to make paper
C:saw many wonderful things
D:read a lot of booksIn many English homes people eat four meals a day: breakfast, lunch, tea and dinner.People have breakfast at any time from seven to nine in the morning.They eat porridge,eggs or bread.English people drink tea or coffee at breakfast.Lunch comes at one o'clock.Afternoon tea is from four to five in the afternoon and dinner is about half past seven.First they have soups, and then they have meat or fish with vegetables.After that they eat some other things, like bananas,apples or oranges.But not all English people eat like that.Some of them have their dinner in the middle of the day.Their meals are breakfast, dinner, tea and supper and all these meals are very necessary.
The question is: People don't have  _  for their dinner.
The possible answers are:
A:porridge
B:bananas and apples
C:some soup and meat
D:meat and fishEveryone tries to get to school on time. But when bad weather gives you trouble, can you still make it before the bell rings?
In northern China during spring, big sandstorms often make trouble for students and everyone else. When the sky is dark with sand, buses and cars all move much more slowly. Sometimes, people can't even see for 20 metres.
Sandstorms usually happen in spring. This year, sandstorms started in late March. They have happened in more than 10 provinces    in northern China this year. More than 70 million people have had problems in those places because of the sandstorms.
People in southern China don't have to worry about this kind of bad weather. Most of the sand comes from Gansu and Inner Mongolia . In northern China, lots of places have few trees and don't get much rain. People there have been cutting down too many trees. When there aren't many trees, the ground can't keep enough water. Over the years, the ground dries up and turns to sand. When spring comes and the ice melts , the ground becomes looser . Strong winds take the loose sand into the sky.
Sandstorms are bad for people's health. If people breathe  too much sand, they could cough or have asthma .
Sandstorms also give farmers lots of problems. Sometimes their sheep get lost in the storms and never get back home. The winds also tear down farmers' houses.
What can you do to stop sandstorms? Here's an idea: Ask you parents to help you plant some trees this spring.
If you see people cutting down too many trees, tell them about the dangers of sandstorms, and ask your government to stop them from cutting.
The question is: Which is not stated in the passage?  _   .
The possible answers are:
A:Trees can help keep enough rain water
B:More trees need to be planted
C:Some people are doing harm to the environment
D:Sandstorms are the main cause of asthmaLadies and Gentlemen, thank you. Well, ni-hao. (Laughter) It is such a pleasure and an honor to be here with all of you at this great university, so thank you so much for having me. I'm here today because I know that our future depends on connections like these among young people like you across the world.
That's why when my husband and I travel abroad, we don't just visit palaces and parliaments  and meet with heads of countries. We also come to schools like this one to meet with students like you, because we believe that relationships between countries aren't just about relationships between governments or leaders -- they're about relationships between people, particularly young people. So we view study abroad programs not just as an educational chance for students, but also as an active part of America's foreign policy .
Through the wonders of modern technology, our world is more connected than ever before. Ideas can cross oceans with the click of a mouse. Companies can do business and _ with companies across the world. And we can text, email, Skype with people in the world.
So studying abroad isn't just a fun way to spend a time of learning; it is quickly becoming the key to success in our times. Because getting ahead in today's workplaces isn't just about getting good grades or test scores in school, which are important. It's also about having real experience with the world beyond your borders -- experience with languages, cultures and societies very different from your own. Or, as the Chinese saying goes: "It is better to travel ten thousand miles than to read ten thousand books."
The question is: In the speaker's opinion, what is the key to success in our times?
The possible answers are:
A:Going to a university.
B:Doing more exercises.
C:Studying abroad.
D:Getting good test scores.I have returned to my hometown after I was away ten years ago. So many things have changed around here. It has become better and better. When I left here, there was a small pool on the right of my house. Now the pool has gone and people have built a large shopping mall  there.
The biggest changes have taken place in the center of the city. There are sidewalks on both sides of the street. You can see a street center with so many tall buildings around. You can't drive there any more because no vehicle is allowed to pass there. A European-style fountain  has been built in the street center garden.
There used to be an old school near my house. I spent my five years studying there. There was a small payground in front of the school. But now what I can see are five tall buildings standing there. There are two big classroom buildings and a library. A new post office has also been built just across from the new school.
The question is: I have been away from my hometown for   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:ten months
B:one year
C:five years
D:ten yearsLast week Johnny had a very busy weekend. On Saturday morning, he cleaned his room. That made his mother very happy. In the afternoon, he did his math homework. It was not difficult, so it only took him one hour to finish the homework. And in the evening, he went to visit his aunt with his parents. They had a big dinner there. The next morning, he went swimming after getting up. Usually he goes swimming twice a week. He loves it very much. After lunch he went to school playground and played football. That exercise makes him in a good health. On Sunday evening, he watched TV for an hour at home and then put the books in his schoolbag for the next day.
The question is: How long did Johnny watch TV on Sunday evening?
The possible answers are:
A:Half an hour.
B:One hour.
C:Two hours.
D:Three hours.Over 30% of the natural world has been seriously destroyed by humans   over the last 30 years. This is because the number of people living on Earth is nearly six billion  . All of these people need food, space and energy. As a result, lots of Earth's natural resources will be used up. When we destroy our earth to get natural resources such as wood or oil, animals often lose their living space. They cannot have enough food, and they will get hurt or die.
The World Wide Fund for Nature (WWF) is an international charity. It tries to prevent humans from destroying more of nature than is necessary. For example, in China WWF is working with the local government to reconnect   some small lakes in Anhui Province to the Yangtze River and to create  more protected areas so that China's natural beauty will not be lost in the future. WWF works in more than 50 countries, saving rainforests and stopping hunters from killing rare animals and protecting traditional ways of life in areas where they are in danger of being lost. WWF's main goal is to encourage development that does not harm the environment and the animals that live in it. Even though the charity is known all over the world, and a lot of people support the goals of WWF, not so many donate money often. This makes it difficult for the charity to do all the things it wants to do.
The question is: What is WWF's main goal?
The possible answers are:
A:To save rainforests.
B:To stop hunters killing rare animals.
C:To get more people to donate money.
D:To protect the environment while developing.How much sleep do we need? We are all different. Some people need only three hours of sleep a night. Others need ten hours of sleep a night. Most Americans sleep an average   of seven to eight hours a night. After the age of fifty the average sleep time goes down to 6.5 hours a night.
Most people have a bad night when they can not sleep. About one in three Americans has a problem with sleep. Many of these people can not fall sleep. This problem is called   insomnia. This is not a new problem. Many famous people in history had insomnia. Some of these people had special   ideas to another to make them sleep. Benjaming Franklin, the famous stateman   and inventor  ,had four beds. He moved from one to another to fall asleep. King Lousis XIV of France had 13 beds and hoped that he could fall asleep in one of them. Mark Twain, the famous American writer, had a different way. He lay on his side on the end of the bed!
The question is: The passage is mainly   talking about  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:sleep
B:insomnia
C:how to go to bed
D:the famous personIf you look at the word Christmas, you can see the word Christ in it. On Christmas, people celebrate   the birthday of Jesus Christ.
Of course   not everyone in America thinks Christ a great man, but Christmas is a holiday for all the people. It's on December 25. Shops and schools are not open. Almost   every family has a Christmas tree in the house. People make their Christmas trees very beautiful. They put many colored bulbs on the trees. The bulbs make the trees more beautiful at night. They also put some dolls, balls and small animals on the trees. On Christmas day almost everyone gives gifts to others and also gets gifts from others.
The question is: The word "bulb"means something that   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:can give us light
B:children can play with
C:people can eat
D:can make people sleep well at nightJack is a twenty-year-old young man. Two years ago, when he finished middle school, he found work in a shop. Usually he works until ten o'clock in the evening. He is very tired when he gets home. After a quick supper he goes to bed and soon falls asleep. His grandma who lives downstairs is satisfied with   him.
One day, on his way home, he met Mary. They were both happy. He asked the girl to his house, she agreed happily. He bought some fruit and drinks for her. And they talked about their school, teachers, classmates and their future  . They talked for a long time.
"Have a look at your watch, please," said the girl. "What time is it now?"
"Sorry, something is wrong with my watch," said Jack. "Where's yours?"
"I left it at home."
Jack thought for a moment and found a way. He began to stamp his foot on the floor, "Bang! Bang! Bang!"
The sound woke his grandma up. The old woman shouted downstairs, "It's twelve o'clock in the night, Jack. Why are you still jumping upstairs?"
,.
The question is: Why is he old woman satisfied with Jack?
The possible answers are:
A:Because he's her grandson.
B:Because he's clever.
C:Because he can keep quiet.
D:Because he gets home on time.What will you do when you have something difficult to do? I used to ask my mother for help. But she always said, "Do it yourself, dear." or "God helps those who help themselves , girl." I was not glad at all. I thought she was the laziest mother in the world.
For example, one day, I decided to invite some friends to my home. My bedroom was not in order. Books were everywhere. And I didn't make the bed. I asked my mother to help me to clean it, but she still said, "Do it yourself, girl."
Because of my"lazy mother", I have to wash my clothes and clean my room. I have to help my parents do some housework. I even have to go to the dentist by myself. It is really hard for me to do everything well, but I have learned a lot.
As time goes by, I come to understand my mother. She makes me clever and active! What a great mother!
The question is: What does the writer think of her mother?
The possible answers are:
A:She is a lazy mother.
B:She is an active mother.
C:She is a clever and great mother.
D:She is always doing things for her.What is your zodiac  animal? According to the Chinese lunar calendar , 12 animals mark 12 different years. It is the basis of the Chinese zodiac. Nowadays, Chinese zodiac animals have worldwide fame and are increasingly popular among western people.
The zodiac is an important part of Chinese culture. People believe that the characteristics of a zodiac animal influence the personality of every person born in that year. For example, people born in the Year of the Tiger are considered powerful and brave.
Zodiac animals also have some social functions. When people think it is not proper to ask: "How old are you", they may change their question to "What is your zodiac animal?" With this question, you can figure out roughly which year someone was born and the person's age.
Zodiac animals are not special to China. Many countries share a similar zodiac culture with China. For example, in the Japanese Zodiac, a wild boar takes the place of a pig and the Vietnamese zodiac has a cat instead of a rabbit.
But have you ever wondered how these 12 animals were chosen to represent each year? According to legend, the Jade Emperor invited all the animals to join him for Chinese New Year. Only 12 animals went to see him. As a reward he named a year after each one in the order they arrived. The ox would have been the first to arrive, but the rat sat on his back and jumped off just before they arrived to come in first place.
The question is: "What is your zodiac animal?" is a question used to find out a person's  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:age
B:name
C:job
D:weightJack is a schoolboy. He is from England. He lives in a small town, not far from London. He lives with his grandmother. His parents work in London. They come only on Saturday and Sunday.
Jack has a small bike. He rides to school every day. He likes to study. He listens to the teachers carefully in class. He works very hard at his lessons. After school he often does the shopping for his grandma. He does his homework in the evening. He watches TV only on Sunday evening. Jack is a good boy and his parents like him very much.
The question is: Jack is a  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:teacher
B:student
C:driver
D:doctorYao Ming, the center of the Chinese National Men's Basketball Team, served the Huston Rockets in NBA.The 2.26 m, 120 kg center  becomes the first one to come from a foreign team.
Yao Ming was born in Shanghai in September, 1980.His mother was a center and captain of the Chinese National Women's Team.His father played basketball, too.
Yao Ming is widely known in China.He came to be a very important basketball player in China Basketball Association  .It's short for CBA.During the 2000~2001 season, he did very well.He got 27.1 scores for the Shanghai Oriental   Sharks in every match.
Yao Ming joined the Houston Rockets in November, 2002.He said this was a new start in his basketball life.He would do his best to learn from the NBA and improve himself.
Sport analyst   Bill Walton said, "Yao Ming has the potential  , the capability  of changing the future of basketball."
The question is: Both Yao Ming's father and mother were   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:football players
B:basketball players
C:the centers of the Chinese National Team
D:teachersJim is my good friend. We are in the same school. He is an American. We are good friends. This is Jim's bedroom. It's not big, but new. A black desk is in the room. Some English books are on the desk. Jim's backpack is on it. The backpack is yellow, but old. What's under the red chair? It's a white cat. It's a Chinese cat. Its name is Mimi. Jim's father is in the living room. He is about fifty years old. Where is his mother? She is in the bedroom. She is a teacher.
The question is: A(n)   _   is in Jim's bedroom.
The possible answers are:
A:math book
B:alarm clock
C:old backpack
D:white chairI've been working as a professional clown for nearly two years. Before that, I was an actor for nine years. I was never famous, but I was quite successful! I changed jobs because I wanted to do more in life than make people laugh. What if I could help people, too?
As a clown, I try to encourage sick children in hospital to laugh and smile. When you laugh, your mind and body relax. Clearly, people who laugh more don't have as many colds or other problems! Children who laugh a lot often get better results in their studies, too.
It isn't an easy job. Not all sick children get better, and sometimes I come home and cry. But I always go back to work the next day with my red nose on. l don't earn much money as a clown, but I feel very lucky to work with such brave and wonderful patients.
I became a laughter yoga teacher more than two years ago. Before that, I was a dentist! My job was very difficult, and I used to feel _ . Now I still improve people's health, but everything else is completely different. Everyone has fun in a laughter yoga class, including the teacher!
No, laughter isn't "magic". It doesn't prevent all illness, keep you young, or make you beautiful. But did you know that it's an excellent kind of exercise? You move your whole body when you laugh!
Sometimes I work with famous people. It's true that being rich can be stressful! Some famous people can be unpleasant at times, but I try to change their bad feelings. Laughter is excellent for people like musicians, artists and writers, because it helps people to be more creative.
The question is: It can be learned from the passage that both writers think of their jobs as  _  *
The possible answers are:
A:happy moments to learn from other people
B:great chances to make themselves well known
C:rich experiences of acting on the stage
D:good ways of making people happy and healthyPopular music in America is what every student likes. Students carry small radios with earphones and listen to music before class, after class, and at lunch. Students with cars buy large speakers and play the music loudly as they drive on the street.
Adult drivers listen to music on the car radio as they drive to work. They also listen to the news about sports, the weather, and the life of American people. Most of the radio programmers are music.
Pop or popular music singers make much money. They make a CD or a tape which radio stations use in many places. Once the popular singer is heard all over the country, young people buy his or her tape. Some of the money from these tapes goes to the singer. Wherever the singer goes, all the young people want to meet him or her. Now the singer has become a national  star.
There are other kinds of music that are important to Americans. One is called folk  music. It tells stories about the common life of Americans. Another is western or country music. This was started by cowboys who would sing at night to the cows they were watching. Today, any music about country life and the 1ove between a country boy and his girl is called western or country music.
,.
The question is: Which of the following is TRUE according to this passage?
The possible answers are:
A:Few students in America like popular music.
B:Students with cars in America like to listen to music while driving.
C:Adult drivers in America listen to music all the time while driving.
D:Everyone in America wants to meet pop singers wherever they go.I wonder whether there is any girl or boy who does not like to see a rainbow in the sky. It is so beautiful.
There is a story, saying that whenever you see a rainbow you should run at once to the place where it touches the ground, and there you would find a pot of gold. Of course it is not true. You could not find the pot of gold or its end. No matter how far you run, it always seems far away.
A rainbow is not a thing which we can feel with our hands as we can feel a flower. It is only the effect of light shining on raindrops. The raindrops catch the sunlight and break it up into all the wonderful colours which we see. It is called a rainbow perhaps because it is made up of raindrops and looks like a bow .
That is why we can never see a rainbow in a clear sky. We see a rainbow only when there is rain in the air and the sun is shining brightly through the clouds.
Every rainbow has many colours in the same order. The first or the top colour is always red, and the next comes orange, then yellow, and last of all, blue. A rainbow is indeed one of the wonders of nature.
The question is: We cannot feel  _  with our hands.
The possible answers are:
A:a pot of gold
B:a flower
C:a rainbow
D:a raindropNaturally, American schoolchildren love holidays. And they get a lot of them each year.
Besides having national holidays such as Thanksgiving and Presidents' Day off from school, students get longer breaks in the spring and during the summer holidays .In fact, kids in US only go to school for about 180 days a year .To students, holidays are perfect .However, parents think there are advantages and disadvantages.
On the one hand, school holidays allow families to spend time together. Many American parents take time off from work during June ,July or August to travel with their children on vacation either in US or a foreign country. On the other hand, schoolchildren get much more time off school than parents get vacation time. This means that parents with young children may have to pay more in babysitting or daycare costs. As well, the long summer holidays mean that students sometimes get bored .
Besides going on trips with their parents, American students enjoy taking part in different kinds of activities during the holidays. For example, some kids enjoy summer camps and outdoor adventure  holidays. Such trips are great for adventurous students. _ also have a lot to offer students who aren't usually interested in traditional PE activities. You can do courses in survival  skills, for example. Students learn how to make a camp in the forest, which wild food they can eat and how to find their way back to the center.
Students who are not excited about summer camps and outdoor adventure may take part in courses in computer game design, filmmaking and photography during the holidays. Finally, the traditional school trip to foreign countries is always popular. Students can practice their foreign language skills and experience everyday life in a different culture.
The question is: What would be the best title for the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:School Trips in the US.
B:School Holidays in the US.
C:School activities in the US.
D:Outdoor Adventure in the USIt's time to take a spring trip. Do you know how the kids in different countries spend their holidays?
Children in China
When spring comes, children want to be outside, so some schools usually organize  a spring trip for them. It could be a trip to a mountain. There, children can climb mountains, fly kites, enjoy flowers and so on. Sometimes their teachers take them to the Martyrs' Park. Students can put some flowers on the graves .
Children in Japan
In April, while the Chinese enjoy winter jasmines, the Japanese are enjoying cherry blossoms. This is the best time of the year for children to take a trip. They take picnic lunches, sing and dance under the trees.
Children in the UK
They have many great choices when it comes to the school trip. They can visit the seaside or a theme park. One of the most special places to go is the bird center. These children can see ducks and other birds. The people at the center are scientists. This means they can teach children about habitat of the birds. The kids spend time in a beautiful place and also learn something about the natural world there without textbooks.
The question is: Which of the following is TRUE according to the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:No schools in China organize a school trip.
B:In Japan, August is the best time for children to take a trip.
C:In the UK, the people at the bird center are scientists.
D:Kids in the UK can learn nothing about the nature without textbooks.Jyoti Amge, an Indian girl, is the world's smallest woman. She is only 0.628 metres tall. She is small, but her dream is great. On her 18th birthday in 2012, she shared the good news with others. She would act in two movies.
Jyoti is the youngest of the five children in her family. She stopped growing after her first birthday. Because of her size, Jyoti has special clothes and jewellery . She even has her own desk and chair in a regular school. Jyoti also loves movies and fashionable dresses like others. Before 18, she acted in a music video along with a famous Indian singer.
Jyoti said, "I'm just the same as other people. I eat like you, and dream like you. I don't feel I am different."
The question is: On her 18th birthday, Jyoti said she would   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:go to France
B:act in movies
C:go to school
D:win the name of "the smallest woman"As traditional Chinese art, paper cutting has a long history. The first and earliest paper cutting was found in China 1,500 years ago. But this traditional art is at risk of disappearing now. Luckily, Voyo Woo, a Chinese immigrant in America, is trying to bring this art back to life.
One Saturday in 2014, Ms Woo held a paper cutting show at a shopping center near Washington. She got much fun and peace doing it. She hoped more people would enjoy it.
Ms Woo began to study the art of paper cutting as a 14-year-old girl in her hometown in China. She said all the students at school had to learn paper cutting. But she had a deep love for it. So her teacher spent more time teaching her after class. Later, she won the second prize in a national painting and art competition. Ms Woo went to America after she finished collage in 2008. Soon after that, she took part in an activity to promote Chinese paper cutting. And then she was invited to show the art in many important activities."It is important to promote this art to Americans or anyone who is interested in it.Maybe it will make this art more popular."Woo said.
From the art of paper cutting, people can know about Chinese cultural values, history and stories of people's life. Ms Woo uses the art as a tool to show Chinese culture to people who know little about it. Chinese art is not only for Chinese, but also for people all over the world.
The question is: In the passage, the writer thinks the art of paper cutting is  _  now.
The possible answers are:
A:very popular in America
B:very popular in China
C:for people who know about it
D:in danger of disappearingWhen I was eleven years old, God gave me a gift of happiness and I had a carefree childhood in France.
One day, on my way home from school, a truck ran over me and my legs were cut off. As I lay there bleeding, I suddenly realized that I might have to live the rest of my life without legs. How depressed I was at that moment! But then I realized that depression won't get my legs back. So I decided not to waste my life feeling depressed. When my parents arrived at the hospital, they stood there quietly, looked so shocked and sad. I told them, "I've already accepted the fact. Now you also have to get used to this."
Ever since then, I often see my friends getting worried about little things: The buses comes late; they get bad grades on the tests and so on. But I just enjoy life.
I was lucky to realize that it is a waste of energy to pay attention to what you have lost, and that the key to happiness is to take pleasure in what you have. Sounds simple, doesn't it? So why are many people unhappy?
People often think happiness is based on what they achieve. "My whole life would improve if I had a new car." But when they get the car and what happens? For a whole week they are walking on air. Then they go right back to be unhappy.
Happiness is not a happening; it's a state of mind. Even though you have the whole world and you'll still be unsatisfied. And you have relatively little but feel full of joy. Happiness comes from mastering the art of enjoying and taking pleasure in what you already have.
The question is: After the accident, the author didn't feel depressed anymore because  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:the doctors could help him and get his legs back
B:he must comfort his parents at that time
C:he knew depression made no difference to him
D:he was just a childish and forgettable kidThe police use computers. They save   all the information   on the computer. So the police can often check the information. And they can also visit some websites and get more information to catch criminals   on the Internet.
Scientists today have computers for their work. They can do their work easily and quickly with the help of computers.
Today in many schools, there is a computer room. Children can have their lessons with computers. For example, computers give questions on the screen   of the monitor in front of the children and the children answer them with keyboards  .
A computer can do many things. With the computer, we can write novels, listen to music, draw pictures, play computer games, make friends, send emails and download information and so on.
In the future, we may use computers for more things. But it can't take the place of   man. We can think but it can't.
The question is: Who can get more information to catch criminals on the Internet?
The possible answers are:
A:The police.
B:The scientists.
C:The children.
D:People.Dear friends,
My name is Tony. I am English. I am thirteen years old this year. I am tall, and I am good at playing football. I am in Grade Seven. There are thirty boys and twenty girls in my class. We are learning Chinese in our school. Our Chinese teacher is Mr. Wu. He is a little short, but he is very strong. He is very nice to us. I have some good friends in my class. Tom is a tall boy and has short black hair. He is good at playing football, too. Alice is short and she loves wearing red dresses. She is good at English. Shelly has long hair. She can speak Japanese and she likes running. We all study hard.
What about your school and your friend?  Please write soon.
Yours,
Tony
The question is: Who writes this letter?
The possible answers are:
A:Tony
B:Tom
C:Shelly
D:We don't knowJoan worked in a hospital. One evening there was a big dance at the hospital. Most of the doctors and nurses would be there, but of course somebody had to be left to look after the sick children, and Joan was not of the lucky ones. She liked dancing very much, so when she had to start work that evening while her friends were getting ready to go to the dance, she felt very sorry for herself.
She went to each sick child one after another and said good-night, until she came to one little boy, Dick. Dick was only eleven years old, but he had a very serious illness and couldn't move most parts of his body except his hands. Joan knew Dick would never get any better, but the little boy was always happy and always thinking about other people instead of himself.
Dick knew that Joan loved dancing. So when she came to say good-night to him, he greeted her with the words, "I'm very sorry that you can't go to the dance because of us. But we are going to have a party for you. If you look in my drawer, you'll find a piece of cake that I _ from my supper today. And there is also a dollar there. You can buy something to drink with the cake. And I'll get up and dance with you myself if I was able to."
Suddenly the hospital dance seemed very far away and not important at all to Joan.
,.
The question is: Joan    _   that evening mainly because she would lose the chance to go to the big dance at the hospital.
The possible answers are:
A:felt worried
B:felt unhappy
C:felt angry
D:felt unluckyWhat do you think of black cats? Are they unluckier than cats of other colors? Many people in Western countries think so. Scientists at the University of California, Berkeley (UC Berkeley), did a study on cat colours and people's understandings of cat personalities.
The study found that people do judge  cat personalities by color. Scientists did a survey  on the Internet. There were 49 statements   matching five cat colorings with 10 personalities. People think orange and bi-coloured   cats are friendly, tri-coloured   cats are not generous, and white cats are calm, lazy and shy. As for black cats, people think they don't have special personalities.
But why do so many people dislike keeping black cats as pets? People think black cats have less special personalities, which might be because of their bad reputation  . They think black cats may bring bad luck, especially at Halloween. Movies and television shows also make people believe that.
Although people have these ideas, UC Berkeley scientists give another reason: people don't think black cats are pretty enough. After all, nothing can show black cats are unluckier than other cats. "You can't judge a cat by its colour, because it's the personality of the cat, not the colour, that will let you know if the cat is right for you," Cathy Marden, a scientist said.
The question is: The passage mainly talks about   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:why black cats are popular in movies
B:why people are not willing to keep black cats as pets
C:different colour cats have different personalities
D:different people have different ideas on black catsDo you like sports? Here are some sports clubs for you.
Ball Games Club
Do you like ball games? We have basketball, soccer, volleyball and tennis for you. Let's play them together!
Sunday: 8: 30 a.m.~ 11: 00 a.m.    3: 00 p.m. ~ 6: 00 p.m.
Telephone: 15934678726
Roller Skating Club
Do you like roller skating? You can have a lot of new friends in our club. Students are 6~16 years old.
Saturday and Sunday evenings: 7: 00~ 10: 00
Meet on Renmin Square .
Telephone: 13473401430
Cycling Club
Let's go out with our friends on our bikes. It's really cool and exciting.
Saturday morning: 6: 00~11: 00
Start in the city park.
E-mail address: cycling@163.com
Kung Fu Club
Do you want to do kung fu well? Come and join us!
Sunday evening: 6: 00~8: 00
Call us at 746-3838.
The question is: You can learn kung fu on   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:Saturday morning
B:Sunday evening
C:Sunday morning
D:Saturday eveningWhen you are feeling unhappy or forget how great you are, these are six ways to make you feel good about yourself.
 Look in the mirror and say to yourself,"I am a special person and there's no one in the world like me. I can do anything!" It may not sound so good, but it really works!
 Do something nice for someone. Helping others always makes you feel good.
 Smile! Be friendly to people you meet. Look for the good things in your friends and family.
 Learn something new! Have you always wanted to decorate your own room or learn how to swim? Go for it! New challenges are fun and give you a sense of accomplishment when you have finished.
 Read and start a diary, Turn off the TV and let your imagination fly! Write you're your thoughts, dreams or anything you want! Writing always helps to express your feelings.
 Stay with your family. We all need our family time. Talk with your Mum or Dad or  maybe even your cousin.
The question is: According to the passage, when you are helping others, you will  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:feel nice
B:be sure
C:be special
D:be rememberedAn explosion( )  from a factory in Kunshan killed at least 69 people and more than 120 people got hurt. China had its worst accident in industry on a Saturday in 2014.
The accident happened in Kunshan city, Jiangsu Province in China. And the explosion was from Zhongrong Metal Products Company, who makes car wheels for the U.S. The Kunshan government told us 264 workers were there when the explosion happened and 44 died at once. "We heard a really loud explosion at about 7 a.m. this morning, so we rushed out of our rooms, " said Zhou Xu, a 26-year-old worker at that company. Another worker said, "First the ambulance came and then many wives rushed to the factory to see if their husbands were okay."
Now, Shanghai government is sending doctors to Kunshan to save the wounded. And the doctor said the number of the dead may increase.
Chinese government is looking into the cause of the disaster. And President Xi also paid special attention to it. He said, " Those who are found responsible  must be punished."
The question is: What happened when the accident happen?
The possible answers are:
A:Workers rushed out of their rooms.
B:Ambulance came.
C:Wives rushed to the factory to make sure of the safety of their husband.
D:All of the above.Two men are walking in the park. One is Mr Brown, a worker, the other is Mr Black. Mr Brown is going to a chair. It is beside the road. Mr Black is behind him. Mr Brown finds Mr Black. Now Mr Black begins to walk faster, because he wants to get to the chair before Mr Black. Now Mr Black begins to walk faster because he also wants to get to the chair first. Then they both run .Mr Black runs faster than Mr Brown. So he gets to the chair first and sits down on it. Mr Brown runs after Mr Black. When he gets to the chair, he sees Mr Black sitting on it. He is sorry to show a notice with the words "Wet Paint" to Mr Black . Now Mr Black knows why Mr Brown is going to the chair.
The question is: Mr Brown goes to the chair because  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:he wants to sit there
B:it is his chair
C:he wants to talk to Mr Black on the chair
D:he wants to tell people "Wet Paint"With the development of science, more and more students don't like taking notes by hand. Instead, they use digital   cameras to take pictures of the words that their teachers write on the blackboard or record what their teachers say in class.
The children might think there are too many notes to take or their teachers write or speak so fast that they can't take more specific notes. They are trying to find ways to make things easier, so they use digital cameras. In fact, children are very clever to make use of technology  .
But do digital cameras really make taking notes easier?
Not really. Before you read notes from digital cameras, there are a lot of things you have to do. To begin with, you have to find a computer. Then you need to copy the photos into the computer. Next, you have to find a printer   to print the photos. Another thing is that you can't hear the sound from the digital cameras clearly because there is usually lots of _ . You will have to listen to it slowly several times before you understand everything.
In fact, taking notes by hand has many advantages. For example, it can help you remember and understand what you are learning. In order to save time, you can choose the most important things or the things you don't understand to write down. You don't have to write down everything.
Don't be afraid to take notes by hand. It's really an effective   way.
The question is: What does the writer think is the best way to take notes?
The possible answers are:
A:By taking pictures of the words that teachers write.
B:By recording what teachers say in class.
C:By using a computer.
D:By taking notes with your hand.Simon is a student in a middle school. He is very strong. He goes to No.6 Middle School on a bus. He's good at English. But he's often late for his English classes. His father is a doctor. He's big and tall. He works in a big hospital. His mother is a nurse. She's slim and pretty. They are in the same hospital. They all work hard. He loves his father and mother very much. His father and mother both go to work by bike. We can see bikes here and there. And China is a "country of bikes".
The question is: Where does Simon's parents work?
The possible answers are:
A:They work in the same hospital.
B:His father works in a big hospital, but his mother doesn't.
C:His mother works in a big hospital, but his father doesn't.
D:They both go to work by bike."Who did this?" asked my teacher. Thirty children tried to think about not only what they had done, but also what our teacher might have found out.
"Who did this?" she asked again. She never became angry, but she was this time. She held up a piece of broken glass and asked, "Who broke this window?"
"Oh, oh," I thought. I was the one who broke the window. I did not do it on purpose  . It was caused by a bad throw of a baseball. Why did it have to be me?
If I admitted   it, I would be in a lot of trouble. How would I be able to pay for a big window like that? "My father is going to get angry at me," I thought. I didn't want to raise   my hand, but something much stronger than me pulled it up.
"I did it," I said. Then I was silent. It was hard enough saying what I had.
My teacher went to one of our bookshelves and took down a book. She then began walking towards my desk. I had never known my teacher to strike   a student, but I feared she was going to start with me.
"I know how you like birds," she said as she stood looking down at my face. "Here is the field guide about birds   that you always _ from our school library. It is yours now. We have got a new one for the school. You will not be punished  . But remember, it's only for your honesty."
I couldn't believe it! I wasn't being punished and I was getting my own bird field guide, the one that I had been saving up all my money to buy.
The question is: How did the writer feel when he saw his teacher walking towards him with a book from bookshelves?
The possible answers are:
A:Relaxed.
B:Pleased.
C:Frightened.
D:Guilty.A  Deaf  Person's  Joke
Something was wrong with Jack's ears after he was much better from a serious illness. Several months later he went to a doctor. The doctor told him that he was deaf of both ears. Jack was sad. He was afraid to lose his work. So he did not like people to know this.
One evening he asked some friends to dinner. While they were sitting at the table, one of his friends told an interesting joke. Everyone laughed and Jack laughed louder than anyone else. He said, "That was a very interesting joke, but I know a more interesting one. Would you like to hear it?" All his friends said OK to him, so Jack began to tell his joke. All his friends were listening to him with smiles. When the joke ended, everyone laughed louder than before and Jack laughed happily, too. He was very glad because he thought that his must be more interesting than his friend's. But he didn't know that he had made a fool of himself(;) because his joke was the same as the first one.
The question is: Jack laughed because   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:all the others were laughing
B:he could tell the same joke himself, too
C:he wanted to show that there was nothing wrong with his ears
D:his friend's joke was interestingDear Dongdong
I have been in Hong Kong for a whole week. I will stay here for another week.
Hong Kong is really a great place to visit. There's so much to see and do here. And I've done so many wonderful things.
I've taken the cable car  to the Peak Galleria  . I've been to Hong Kong Racing Museum. I've known a lot about horse racing. I've also visited Ladies' Street. In the street I bought some beautiful clothes for my mother. Last night I went to a concert. Chinese traditional music has always been my favourite. This morning I went to Ocean Park and watched the dolphins perform. Dolphins are so clever. They can jump from the water to touch a ball, sway   their bodies to music, kiss people and even do math. Mr Host is going to take me to an Italian film festival in Hong Kong Cultural Centre tomorrow. I'm so excited because I have never seen an Italian film before. But some people say they're boring.
That's all. Best wishes!
The question is: Dolphins can't   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:ride bicycles
B:kiss people
C:do math
D:danceMost animals protect  their young until they are old enough to take care of themselves. A fish that swims in the rivers of South America protects its young in a very strange way. This fish, a kind of catfish, uses its mouth to keep its babies from danger .
When this catfish lays  its eggs, it carries them in its mouth. From what we know, it does not eat during this time. After the eggs hatch , the fish swims with its young to protect them. It opens its mouth when danger appears , and the tiny fish swim inside. They swim out only when it's safe again.
These catfish may have a _ way to protect their young, but it seems  to work.
The question is: The catfish in the story live in   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:lakes
B:the sea
C:rivers
D:North AmericaEarth Day is on April 22nd. People say thanks to the Earth and learn ways to keep the Earth safe and clean. But saving the Earth is not just for grow-ups. Kids are also taking an active part in it.
The American writer and filmmaker Lynne made a film called Young Voices for the Planet. It lists a lot of stories about different kids who help to keep our environment clean.
Team Marine, US  A group of students at Santa Monica High School started an organization called Team Marine. They tell people why plastic bags are bad for sea animals and environment. In 2011, they successfully made lawmakers  in their city stop people using plastic bags.
Felix, 15 Germany  In 2007, a 9-year-old boy, Felix, started a club. Plant for the Planet . It encourages children around the world to plant trees in their own countries. Felix helped plant 25 million trees in Germany and 120 million trees worldwide.
Alec, 17, us  When he was 12, Alec set up Kids VS Global  Warming. It teaches kids about weather change and ways to stop the world getting warmer and warmer. Alec travels widely to encourage people to help stop global warming. He has given more than 70 talks across the country.
Olivia, 13, US  When Olivia was 11, she heard about the 2010 oil spill  in gulf  of Mexico. She painted 500 pictures of birds to raise money for the clean-up. She raised more than $200,000 to protect  birds and other wild animals.
The question is: Young Voices for the Planet made by Lynne is   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:a TV play
B:a film
C:a club
D:a bookAt a nation's saddest moment, its greatest heroes are born.
On September 11th, 2001, many police officers and government officials in America worked day and night to save lives from the big fire at the World Trade Centre. And in Japan, after the serious earthquake, a group of workers showed their courage.
The earthquake on March 11th made Fukushima Nuclear Power Plant  turn off and stop its protective cooling systems. And later, a fire broke out.  Workers were told that the plant's radiation  could be harmful to human health. Hundreds of workers left the plant quickly. However, a group of workers decided to fight against the fire and the damage, though they knew it could cause very serious health problems. There were 50 workers in all, so they were also named the "Fukushima 50". The workers worked in shifts .
People knew little about the workers, who were mainly experts   with the skills to control the situation. One woman said that her father had volunteered to stay there. "I heard that he volunteered even though he would retire  in just half a year and my eyes were filled with tears. I am really proud of him. And I pray for his safe return.
The question is: Which of the following is TRUE?
The possible answers are:
A:The woman learned something about her father.
B:A woman's father who had retired from work still stayed there.
C:Little was known about the workers when the passage was written.
D:The workers didn't know staying in the nuclear plant was harmful to their
health.Something bad happened to sam this morning. He fell over and broke his nose in the school hallway. When Sam looked up, he saw his friends. "Are you OK?" They asked him. But he didn't say anything to them. He stood up and ran to the classroom quickly. Sam put his schoolbag on his desk and went out to the school hospital. On his way back to the classroom he saw his friends again. They were laughing. Sam thought they were laughing at him, so he didn't talk to them for the rest of the morning.
At lunchtime, Sam's friends came up to him and asked, "How is your nose?" "Fine!" Sam shouted. "I saw you laughing at me this morning!" "We didn't. We laughed just because Jenny told us a joke," his friends said. "Well, I'm sorry. Can you _ me?" "Yes, of course. But next time you should ask us before you assume something." They looked at each other and laughed happily. They were still friends.
,,.
The question is: What happened to Sam this morning?
The possible answers are:
A:He felt over and broke his nose.
B:He didn't catch the school bus.
C:His schoolbag was lost.
D:He was late for school."Life is speeding up . Everyone is getting unwell." This may sound like something someone would say today. But in fact, an unknown person wrote it.
Inventions can change our lives. But have all these things really improved our lives? Imagine this. You're doing your homework on the computer. Your mobile phone rings and the noise from the television is getting louder and louder. Suddenly the computer is turned off and you lose all your work. How do you feel? Inventions have speeded up our lives, but they often leave us feeling tired.
One family in England went "back in time" to see what life was like without these inventions. The grandparents, with their daughter and grandsons Ben 10 and Tom 7, spent nine weeks in an old house. They had no computers or mobile phones. The grandmother, Linda, said, "The more things you have, the harder life becomes." And Ben also noticed that his grandmother had changed. She cooked delicious food for them!
,.
The question is: According to the passage, which of the following is NOT true?
The possible answers are:
A:With the improvement of our lives, we often feel tired.
B:An unknown man was sure that life would get better.
C:The family had some changes when they lived in an old house.
D:The grandson Ben was ten when the family went "back in time".The deep sea is not an easy place to live in. It's cold and dark. The deeper it is, the less sunlight there is. At about 3,000 feet, there is no light at all. It's very dark in the sea. Many fishes have no eyes, but some have big eyes. A few have eyes only on one side.
Besides the coldness and the darkness, deep sea animals face a third danger--other animals.
Animals must find food to eat. Many animals eat plants, and some eat meat. This means these sea animals have two big jobs. One is that they need to find animals as their food, and the other is that they have to try not to become other animals' meals.
,. (5)
The question is: Sea animals have two jobs. They  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:swim and find food
B:find friends and eat other animals
C:need to find animals and make friends
D:need to find animals as food and have to try not to become other animals' meals.Walter owns three Italian  restaurants which are running very well in Rhode Island in America. Every day his restaurants welcome crowds of customers  all over the world.
He studied to be a cook, but he sees now that his success is the result of a lifetime education. When he opened his first restaurant, all of a sudden his schooling knowledge , the history of his family and his ethics  of his father _ . It made him a person who studied and explored  the secrets in the food business.
Walter's learning never stops. He says " The food business is one where you need to stay on top. Cooks should be trained. You have to keep on studying or you will be left behind." So he spent more time in reading. Every time he gets new ideas from the book, he brings them into his work.
Walter also has a clear understanding about success. That is he would like to be remembered as a person who is creative, who believes in the Italian cooking culture in America. Food is like a bridge connecting to the past, to the family and to the country. He says "Success to me is not how much money I make, but if at the end of the day I am able to make fifteen or twenty customers happy, I'm a happy man."
The question is: From the last sentence of the passage, we can know that it is  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:happy to make a lot of money
B:exciting to have more and more customers
C:important to make the customers pleased
D:impossible to make 15 or 20 customers happy every dayNow, there is a new-type school in New York, which has no everyday lessons, no class teachers and even no school buildings. It is called "City-as-School". The name just means the city itself is the place where students learn their lessons. They are from the age of 15 to 18. The students choose areas of work which interest them. Then they help to do that work. One girl spends her week in a government office helping the public with problems like housing. Then she goes to help in a theatre for a day and she spends a week for first-year courses at college.
Well, students have to pass Maths and science exams before they enter the "school". These subjects are not easy to provide in"City-as-School". Teachers watch the progress of the students. The success rate   is high. 80% of the students go to college after the "City-as-School".
The students like the duty of their work. They have the sense of purpose. They know a lot about different kinds of work in the city. One of the students, Lizette Martinez, writes " I want to say that I do not know where I would be right now if I had never become part of City-as-School. Leaving my regular high school and going to City-as-School was the best decision I have ever made. The way the school works to get you to go out there and learn different fields instead of sitting in a classroom is wonderful. For all those who are in between school and dropping out, go to CAS and it will change your life forever."
City-as-School High School is the nation's leading   external   learning or experiential   learning model for high school students.
The question is: According to the passage,"City-as-School" can help   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:all the students go to college
B:students forget the duty of their work
C:students earn much money while studying
D:students learn a lot about different kinds of workAn Englishman was once traveling in Italy. One day he went into a small restaurant to order dinner. He understood very little Italian and couldn't read the menu . He knew the word for eggs, and so he ordered eggs. Italy is famous, however, for its mushrooms  with eggs. But he did not know the word for mushrooms. The waiter did not speak a word of English and could not help him. At last, the man took out his pocket a pencil and a piece of paper and very carefully drew a picture of a mushroom on the piece of paper. The waiter looked at the picture of the mushroom for a long while. He did not understand very well, but at last he left. He was gone a long time. After about a half hour he returned. But instead of an order of mushroom, he brought the man a large black umbrella.
The question is: Which of the following is right according to the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:An American was once traveling in Italy.
B:The man knew Italian very well.
C:The man told the waiter that he wanted to buy an umbrella.
D:The waiter didn't know English at all.Teahouses in Chengdu
There is a saying, "China has the best teahouses in the world and Chengdu has the best teahouses in China."Chengdu has not only many teahouses but also the special ways of serving and drinking tea.
As soon as the visitors enter the teahouses, the waiters or waitresses will greet them with teapots and cups in their hands. The cups often have special covers and saucers . The covers can keep the water warm.
People who go to the teahouses are not all thirsty. Retired people pay a little money to the teahouses and then sit there all day long to chat with others. Sometimes, people have parties in the teahouses. They eat fruit and sunflower seeds while they chat and return home when they are tired. Teahouses are also good places for people to talk about businesses. Some of the teahouses even have stages for performances, such as storytelling, cross talk and Sichuan Opera. Sometimes when people have a quarrel, a mediator will bring them to the teahouse. After their problem is solved, the person who is wrong will pay for the tea. It is interesting that as soon as the quarrelers enter the teahouse and sit down to drink tea, they have almost calmed down. With the help of the mediator, their problems can be easily solved then. Maybe we can say the teahouses have some special social functions.
The question is: Who will pay for the tea after the mediator solve some problems?
The possible answers are:
A:The mediator himself
B:The person who caused the problem
C:All the persons in the teahouse
D:The owner of the teahouseThe class in America is almost the same as that in China. But something is different.
1.In America, if the teacher asks you a question but you don't understand, you should put up your hand and ask the teacher to repeat it. If you don't know the answer, it is all right to tell the teacher that you don't know. Then he or she knows what you need to do.
2.You mustn't be absent on a test day. If you are seriously ill, call and let the teacher know you will not be there for the test. If your teacher allows you a make-up test , you should take the test in one or two days after you go back to school.
3.Be on time! It is impossible to be late. If you come in late, be sure to do it quietly. Take your books out of your bag after you enter the room. Then go to your seat and sit down quietly. In the US, you needn't knock before you come into the classroom.
4.If you have to leave during the class, do it quietly, too. There's no need to ask for the teacher's agreement.
The question is: When can a student take a make-up test?
The possible answers are:
A:When he's too sick to take the test.
B:When he gets a bad grade in his test.
C:When he doesn't finish the paper in his test.
D:When he is late for a test.Miss Wang is a young teacher of English in a middle school in Chongqing. She loves teaching very much. One day when she was giving an English lesson, she found Mr. Li, the headmaster, sitting at the back of the classroom. After class, Mr. Li told her that he came to her class to find out how much English and Chinese she was using in class. The result was about half English and half Chinese. She was using Chinese when she gave instructions   and explained some grammar rules to her students. Mr. Li suggested that she should use English as much as she could in class.
So Miss Wang made the following plans:
Join an English club and practice speaking English.
Learn more English teaching expressions by heart.
Have a five-minute talk with students in English before class.
She used body language to make herself understood if students could not follow. One year later, she found she could speak English _ in class.
,.
The question is: After Mr. Li left, Miss Wang realized that she should  _  in her class.
The possible answers are:
A:use more Chinese
B:use more English
C:use half English and half Chinese
D:use body languageA hobby is not a job or a school subject. A hobby is something you enjoy doing in your spare time. It's not something you need to do. It's just fun. Some people make model ships, keep pets, plant flowers, play computer games or chat on the Internet. Some paint pictures or dance to music. Some collect everything from stamps to seashells  ... People take up hobbies because they think these activities can bring them many things like happiness, friendship and knowledge. Anyone, rich or poor, old or young, sick or well, can have a hobby. A hobby will make your life colorful.
,.
The question is: Hobbies can bring people   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:much money
B:health
C:happiness, friendship and knowledge
D:lots of troubleMr .Smith is an Englishman. He teaches English well.His English classes are very interesting.He likes us and we like him,too.
Mr Smith has two children--Tom and Lucy.Tom is seven and his sister Lucy is four.Tom goes to school but Lucy doesn't. Mr Smith likes to wear a T-shirt and jeans .Football is his favorite sport.After school we often have a basketball match.Sometimes Mr Smith watches and joins us.He plays basketball just for fun.
The question is: Lucy doesn't go to school because   _   .
The possible answers are:
A:she looks beautiful
B:she is seven
C:she is only four
D:she doesn't like schoolBob was happy. He was at a new school, and the other students were friendly. "Hi, Bob!" They said. But some students said, "Hi, Peter!" Bob didn't understand. He asked another student, " Why do some students call me Peter?"
"Oh, that is easy to answer," the student said. "Peter was a student here last year. Now, he goes to a different school. You like Peter. Some students think that you are Peter."
Bob wanted to meet Peter. He got Peter's address  from a student and went to Peter's house. Peter opened the door. Bob couldn't believe his   eyes. He looked really like Peter! Bob and Peter had the same color eyes and the same smile. They had the same black hair. They also had the same birthday.
Bob and Peter found out that they were twin brothers. They both were adopted  by two different families. Soon after the boys born, one family adopted Bob, and another family adopted Peter. Bob's family never knew about Peter, and Peter's family never knew about Bob, either.
The question is: What is not mentioned  about Peter and Bob?
The possible answers are:
A:Their eyes had the same color.
B:They had on the same clothes
C:They had the same black hair.
D:They were born on the same day.Carrots are grown all over the world. They are easy to plant and easy to _ . They have a good taste.
When people think about carrots, they usually think they are a kind of long, thin, orange-colored vegetable. In fact, carrots are in many different sizes and shapes. And not all carrots are orange.
Carrots should be grown in a field that does not have water for a long time. The earth also should not be too hard. To prepare your carrot garden, dig up the earth and turn it over .
Weather, soil condition , and time affect  the taste of carrots. Warm days and cool nights are the best time to grow great delicious carrots.
The best way to decide if a carrot is ready to be harvested is by its color. Usually, the brighter the color is, the better the taste is.
Most people do not know that carrots can be grown during the winter months. If the winter is not cold enough to freeze the ground, you can grow carrots the same way as you do during the summer months.
Carrots are prepared and eaten in many different ways. They are cut into thin pieces and cooked with other vegetables or meat. Or, they are washed, and eaten just as they come out of the ground.
The question is: _  carrots have a better taste.
The possible answers are:
A:The long
B:The orange
C:The thin
D:The bright*Teachers Wanted
Are you a teacher? Do you like kids? Can you help them with Chinese? Come to join us. Call John at 378-5788.
*Ping-pong Club
Do you like to play ping-pong? Do you want to play ping-pong well? Mr. Cai can teach you. You can come here every Saturday afternoon.
Tel: 368-5778
Add: Room 212 in School's P.E. Buliding.
The question is: Gina is a good teacher and she wants to find a job. She can call  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:Tina
B:John
C:Jane
D:Mr. CaiDo your kids ask a lot of questions? If they do, that's great. Because that's how children learn. Some of these questions may be easy to answer. Others may be hard. And they want to get the right answers. Do your kids ask such questions?
*Why is the sky blue? Why is the sunset red?
*Why are leaves green?
*Why do leaves change color in autumn?
*How do airplanes fly?
Can you answer these questions? If not, don't worry. Though Science Made Simple can't help with all of life's important questions, it can help with those. In this fast changing world, the more your children know about science, the better.
Get the help you need now, and every month you can get Science Made Simple online for only $11.95 for 10 issues . Click here: questions @sciencemadesimple. Com for more information. Remember, if you are not happy with your first issue, we will give back all your money.
The question is: Which is TRUE about Science Made Simple?
The possible answers are:
A:It is an interesting storybook.
B:It can help with all of life's important questions.
C:Parents can buy it on the Internet.
D:Parents can learn to play games with their children from it.Recently,CCTV reporter have asked a simple question, "Are you happy?"
The question has caught many interviewees off guard. Even Mo Yan, who recently won a Nobel Prize, answered by saying "I don't know."
We should ask "What exactly is happiness? And how do you measure  it?". Last year, China's Premier Wen Jiabao told the nation, "Everything we do is aimed at letting people live more happily." At last year's National People's Congress , officials agreed that increasing happiness would be a top target  for the 12thfive-year plan.
Many argue that happiness is _ . It also means different things to different people. For some, happiness can be as simple as having enough money to buy a new bicycle; for others, it's about socializing  or finding the perfect spouse .
Chen Shangyuan, 21, a college student, said his idea of happiness always evolves . "At present it relates to how productive I am in a day", he said. "It might be linked to  job security   or leisure  time after I graduate."
The question is: What did Mo Yan say when he was asked the question "Are you happy?"
The possible answers are:
A:Yes, I am very happy.
B:No, I am not happy.
C:It depends on the weather.
D:I don't knowThe airport   in Boswell is twenty-one miles from the city. The banks  and business offices  are in the center of the city.
Read these notes from the diary by Mr. Reg Simpson:
March 2004
15 MON   Group of 35 French students visiting Boswell -- want cheap holiday
16 TUES  Mr. and Mrs. J. Grant arriving   from Paris -- only stay a night at Boswell -- leaving early on the 18thby air
17 WED   Mr. Nagashima, Tokyo, arriving for a two-day business trip
18 THUR  65 Russian students need two days in a cheap hotel
19 FRI    have a group meeting about how to attract  travelers   from Asia 
20 SAT    Mr. and Mrs. Johnson, from Washington D.C., arriving by air
21 SUN    Dinner with Bella at King Garden and watch King Kong at 9:00 p.m.
22 MON   Mr. and Mrs. F. Ray, need cheap hotels for two days
The question is: Mr. and Mrs. J. Grant will leave Boswell on   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:Tuesday
B:Wednesday
C:Thursday
D:FridayAmy is an American student in Des Moines, Iowa. She is nine years old and she is in Grade Four this year. Now she and her friends are pen pals of the students in India.
In their letters, Amy learns that life of Indian children is difficult. And they don't have money to buy desks for school. She is surprised and wants to help them.
She and her friends collect $711. A charity  group helps them buy 75 desks. "We have many good things in our country," said Amy. "We should help others." She also hopes to raise  money to build a well for them. Then the students can get clean water from it. It may be a good gift for the Indian children.
The question is: How is the students' life in India?
The possible answers are:
A:It's hard.
B:It's boring.
C:It's happy.
D:It's rich.I have returned to my hometown after I was away ten years ago. So many things have changed around here. It has become better and better. When I left here, there was a small pool on the right of my house. Now the pool has gone and people have built a large shopping mall  there.
The biggest changes have taken place in the center of the city. There are sidewalks on both sides of the street. You can see a street center with so many tall buildings around. You can't drive there any more because no vehicle is allowed to pass there. A European-style fountain  has been built in the street center garden.
There used to be an old school near my house. I spent my five years studying there. There was a small payground in front of the school. But now what I can see are five tall buildings standing there. There are two big classroom buildings and a library. A new post office has also been built just across from the new school.
The question is: On the right of my house, there was a   _   ten years ago.
The possible answers are:
A:library
B:garden
C:supermarket
D:poolJohn liked to wear his hair very long. Some of his friends thought it looked like a girl's hair, but they never made jokes about it, because John was a big strong man and he didn't think jokes about his hair funny.
John always went to the barber's twice a month to have his hair cut and washed, and one day the barber said to him. "Now why don't you let me cut most of this hair off and make your head tidy? Nobody will recognize you if I do that. I'm sure."
John said nothing for a few seconds and then he said, "perhaps you are right, but I am sure that nobody will recognize you, either, if you do that to my hair."
The question is: His friends never made jokes about the hair because  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:the hair is funny
B:John was big and strong
C:John liked his hair very much
D:John didn't like jokes about his hair and they were afraid of himMary and Peter were having a picnic with some friends near a river when Mary shouted,"Look!That's a spaceship  up there and it's going to land here."
Frightened  by the strange spaceship,all the young people got into their cars and drove away as quickly as possible except Peter and Mary. They were more curious   than frightened. They watched the spaceship land and saw a door open,but nobody came out,so they went to look into it. In the center of the floor,there was a lot of food. Peter followed Mary into the spaceship and did not hear the door close behind him. The temperature fell in no time and very soon the two young people didn't know anything.
When they came to themselves,they were surprised to see that the spaceship disappeared, their car was near them.
"What happened?"asked Mary.
Peter scratched   his head,saying slowly,"Don't ask me. Perhaps we had a problem. Come on. It's time to go home."
After driving about fifty meters,they found a thick wall made of something like glass stood in their way. On the other side of the wall,a few strange aliens  were looking through the wall and reading a notice,it said,"New comers at the zoo: a pair of earth villagers with their _ ."
The question is: What can we learn from the end of the story?
The possible answers are:
A:Peter and Mary became villagers.
B:Peter and Mary were in another planet.
C:Peter and Mary went back home.
D:Peter and Mary visited the zoo.A well-dressed man goes into a restaurant one day. He sits down at a table near the window. A waiter comes up to him and says, 'Can I help you, sir?' The man says, 'Can I see the menu? ' 'Of course.'
The man wants a good meal and he orders a lot of nice food. The waiter gets them for him. The man is having his meal. At this time, a boy comes in and sits beside the man. He asks the man to give him an ice cream. The man does so. Now the boy is eating his ice cream. The man says, 'I go out for a newspaper.' The man goes out. After the boy eats his ice cream up, he stands up and goes to the door.
'Excuse me, but your father doesn't give the money for the meal and your ice cream.' the waiter stops him and says. 'Father? You are wrong. He isn't my father. I don't know him. I meet him in the street. He says he will give me an ice cream if I come here at 12 o'clock.'
The question is: The boy comes into the restaurant   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:at 12 o'clock
B:with the man
C:to buy an ice cream
D:to look for his father18:00 Children's World
19:00 News
19:45 Around the World
20:20 Movie: A Nurse's Day
21:50 Message from the Market
22:20 Modern Arts
23:00 End
CCTV4
18:30 Modern English
19:00 Women's Life
19:30 Culture and Life
20:45 Volleyball match: China-America
22:30 English News
22:50 English Movie: Gone with the world
00:30 End
NTTV
18:30 NTTV News
19:00 Popular Songs
19:30 Animal World
20:20 American English Today
21:15 Science and Life
22:30 Sports News
23:00 End
JSTV
18:40 English for Children
19:00 News fromCCTV-1
19:30 JS News
19:45 Football Match: China-Japan
21:30 TV-play: Story of a Spanish Artist (1) (2)
23:15 End
The question is: The English news on CCTV-4 lasts  about  _   minutes.
The possible answers are:
A:20
B:25
C:30
D:40Dear Mary,
I am not happy these days. I am new in this class, you know, but I don' t have any friends here. I always have to keep quiet and put my heart into my study. I thought things would be fine.
It's very hard for me to be happy and sometimes I get lost in thought. So I can't follow the teacher. I know it is not right like this, but I can't control myself in class. Then my study is bad now. Some students make fun of me. I feel hurt , but I don't show my anger. In fact, I have to hide  my unhappiness. I feel terrible.
Dear Mary, I really don't know what to do now, Can you help me?
Yours,
Jane
,A, B, C, D,, .
The question is: How does Jane overcome  her problem?
The possible answers are:
A:She gets lost in thought
B:She works hard at her lessons.
C:She writes to her friend.
D:She calls a lot.My name is Bill. I'm an English boy. I'm in a high school. Sam is my good friend. He comes from Canada. He is 13. I'm 13, too. But we don't look the same. Miss Zhang is my English teacher. We don't know her age, but she looks young. She is not Sam's teacher. Miss Zhou is Sam's English teacher. Now please look at my photo. In the photo, Sam, Miss Zhang and I are all happy.
,.
The question is: The two boys  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:are in the same class
B:have different looks
C:look the same
D:are not studentsOne day, many years ago, when I was working as a psychologist  in England, David was brought into my office. His face was pale and he looked at his own feet.
David lost his father when he was two years old and lived with his mother and grandfather ever since. But the year before he turned 13, his grandfather died and his mother was killed in a car accident. His teacher told me that he refused to talk to others from then on.
How could I help him?
David didn't say a word. As he was leaving, I put my hand on his shoulder."Come back next week if you like. "I said.
He came and I suggested we play a game of chess. He agreed. After that we played chess every Wednesday afternoon--in complete silence. Usually, he arrived earlier than agreed.   It seemed  that he liked to be with me. But why didn't he ever look at me?
"Perhaps he simply needs someone to share his pain  with," I thought.
Months later, when I was looking at his head, he suddenly looked up at me. "It's your turn," he said. After that day, David started talking. He finally got friends in school and he even joined a bicycle club. He wrote to me a few times. Now he had re ally started to live his life.
Maybe I gave David something. But I learned a lot from him. I learned how time makes it possible to get over what seems to be painful. David showed me how to help people like him. All they need is a shoulder to cry on, a friendly touch and an ear that listens.
The question is: Which of the following statements is NOT true?
The possible answers are:
A:David finally got friends in school.
B:After his father died, David refused to talk to others.
C:David didn't say anything to the Writer at first.
D:At last the writer learned a lot from David.More and more advertisements appear on the Web. You have to be careful not to be fooled or tricked  by the advertisements on the Internet. Something is said to be a bargain,but it isn't always cheap. And some socalled new things just have a new outside.
However,shopping online is a kind of fashionable  thing today. I love to buy things of everyday use,so I often get lots of information about them on Websites online. For example,if I want an MP3,I can choose my favorite one,and look for what the users like or don't like about it,and then decide whether to buy or not. And at the same time,you don't have to go to a shop or walk around a crowded shopping area,so you don't have to waste much time. The Internet is really useful for shopping,but be careful not to spend too much.
The question is: What does the writer think of the advertisements online?
The possible answers are:
A:They're always true.
B:They're not useful.
C:They're sometimes false .
D:They're always fashionable.Would you be surprised to learn that your eyes are like an eagle's eyes in some ways? You and an eagle can see colors. And an eagle's eyes and yours are about the same size. But therre are a lot more of a special type of cell in an eagle's eyes than in your eyes. These cells send information to the eagle's brain. Getting a lot of information helps an eagle see much better than you. In fact, eagle can spot a fish in the sea from a mile away.
You and an eagle have eyes that make tears. Your eyes make watery tears that clean your eyes. An eagle's eyes for watery tears and oily tears. Eagles dive into the sea to catch fish. The oily tears guard their eyes from the saltwater.
Like you, eagles have eyelids. You have two eyelids, and you close your eyes by lowering the top lid. When eagles close their eyes, their bottom lids raise up. Eagles have a third eyelid that moves across the eye every few seconds. It wipes dust away from the eye. An eagle can see through this third eyelid. The eyelid guards the bird's eyes when it _ at 100 miles an hour after its prey .
The question is: How is the way an eagle blinks  different from the way you blink?
The possible answers are:
A:An eagle moves both its top and bottom eyelids.
B:An eagle moves its bottom eyelid.
C:An eagle moves its top eyelid.
D:An eagle uses three eyelids to blink.Ruby, the artist, is an Asian elephant, She is17 years old. She lives in the zoo. Ruby has produced about 100 paintings since last year. She has made more than $ 40,000 for the zoo. Zoo leaders say Ruby first showed the talent   about four years ago. Zoo workers watched her make the marks in the sand with her trunk. She rubbed   out the marks, then made the new ones. The zoo worker gave her brushes and paints. Soon Ruby painted pictures.
Newspaper reporters wrote Ruby, then people asked about buying her pictures. And in this way, she made a lot of money for the zoo. This is how Ruby does the paintings. A zoo worker holds different color paints. Ruby touches the colors she wants. Then the worker gives her brushes with the chosen colors in her trunk and Ruby begins painting.
The question is: People asked about buying Ruby's pictures because  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:newspaper reporters bought her picture
B:her pictures were better than those of real artists
C:they just wanted to have fun
D:zoo workers would let them have a free visit to the parkHello, everyone! My name is Steve. Lunchtime is my favorite time. I love the school lunch.
Many students don't like the school lunch. They take their own  lunch to school. Their mothers may make hamburgers and salad for them for lunch. Some students take leftovers  for lunch. But I don't! The lunch is very _ . For only $1.3, I can eat a lot of good and healthy food. Then I take my food to my lunch table and sit  with my friends. Boys don't sit with girls. We eat lunch and we like to talk  about sports and TV shows . We also talk about school life : our favorite subjects, our favorite teachers and our favorite days. After our lunch, we usually play games.
At school, I love lunchtime. For me it is the best time of my day!
The question is: What's the title  to the passage ?
The possible answers are:
A:My School
B:My Favourite Day
C:My Classmates
D:My LunchtimeI have tried many ways to be ill. I don't wear a sweater when I should, and two days ago I walked in the rain without my shoes. But so far nothing has happened. Debbie once told me about a boy in her class who liked being away from school. He would rub   the end of the thermometer   until it went up to 39degC. Then he'd put it in his mouth and his mother would think he was really ill.
This morning I tried doing that but it never went above 35degC and I rubbed it for ten minutes. So I held the thermometer next to the light on my desk and it went up to 40degC. I thought I'd put it in my mouth and walk downstairs like that. Then my mother would take it out and she would be worried when she saw that I was rather ill.
The only trouble was I didn't know the thermometer would be so hot. As soon as I put it into my mouth, it burnt my tongue! I spit the thermometer out. It fell on the floor but it didn't break.
I will have to think of a better way to get my mother and father back together.
The question is: According to   the passage, which of the following is true?
The possible answers are:
A:The boy in Debbie's class helped the writer a lot.
B:The boy in Debbie's class knew everything.
C:The boy in Debbie's class didn't like going to school.
D:The boy in Debbie's class was not healthy.Amsterdam is one of the most beautiful cities in Holland . It is the capital of Holland. There are many big squares and nice museums. Hundreds and thousands of people from all over the world visit there every year.
Riding bicycles is a fun and easy way to get around Amsterdam. Most students go to school by bicycle. People ride their bicycles to work. Even the policemen work on bicycles.  There are many roads and traffic signs for bicycles in Amsterdam. There are also many places for bicycle parking.
If you travel in Amsterdam, you don't need to take a bus or a taxi, just ride a bicycle. You can reach more places by bicycle than by any other way. It is also fantastic to go for a ride. There are a lot of bicycle shops in Amsterdam. You can buy yourself a nice bicycle at a good price in the shops. If you don't wants to buy a bicycle, you can go to a bicycle rental . You can find one in almost every place of the city. You'd better find a guide when you are travelling in Amsterdam. Because he would take you to some of the city's most beautiful places.
Riding bicycles in Amsterdam is great fun and relaxing. But there is one thing you must keep in mind. You should always follow the traffic rules.
The question is: Why do many people visit there every year?
The possible answers are:
A:Because riding bicycles is very easy and fun.
B:Because there are many big squares and nice museums.
C:Because there are many bicycle rentals.
D:Because it is the capital of Holland.China Science and Technology Museum was opened to the public in September 1988. But the second project was completed in May 2000. Its main task is to spread knowledge of science and technology among the public.
The activities of China Science and Technology Museum include popular science exhibitions, Astro-vision film shows, training education programs and experiment exhibition programs. The museum has an area of 40,000 square metres, of which 16,000 square metres is for exhibition halls.
The Astro-vision Theatre is one of the museum's major attractions and also one of the largest Astro-vision theatres in the world. It makes visitors feel they are in actual events rather than see a film. Many great science activities are often held at the museum, and the museum wants to be an important window to the world.
The question is: When you are seeing an Astro-vision film, you feel you are   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:in true life
B:seeing a good film
C:in actual events
D:traveling in the skyMr. Jones and Mr. Brown work in the same office. One day Mr. Jones says to Mr. Brown, "I will have a small party at our house on Monday evening. Would you and your wife like to come?"
Mr. Brown says, "Thank you very much. I'd love to, but let me ask my wife first." So Mr. Brown goes to the other room and telephones his wife. Then he comes back and looks very  _ .
"What's the matter?" asks Mr. Jones. " Is your wife there at home?"
"No," answers Mr. Brown. "She isn't there. My son answers the telephone. I say to him, 'Is your mother here, David?' and he answers, 'No, she isn't in the house.' 'Where is she?' I ask. 'She is somewhere outside.' 'What's she doing?' 'She is looking for me.'"
The question is: Who will have a party at home?
The possible answers are:
A:David.
B:Mr. Brown.
C:Mr. Jones .
D:Mrs. Brown.Many centuries ago, Scotland was ruled by a king named Robert Bruce. He was a wise king and a brave soldier. When the English army invaded    Scotland, Bruce took up arms and led his people in defence of  his country.
Battle after battle was fought, Bruce led his little army against the enemy, and six times his men were beaten. His army was scattered, and he was forced to go into hiding----in the woods or in lonely places in the mountains. One rainy day, Bruce lay on the ground in a small house, listening to the sound of the rain on the roof .He was tired and sad, and ready to give up all hope. It seemed to him that it was no use trying to do anything more.
As he lay thinking, he saw a spider   over his head, trying to spin a web  . He watched as she worked slowly and with great care. Six times she tried to reach the opposite wall to fix her thread, but six times she failed."Poor thing," cried Bruce, "You ,too, know what it is to fail."But the spider did not lose hope. With still more care, she tried for the seventh time. Bruce almost forgot his own trouble as he watched her swing herself out upon the thin line. Would she fail again? No, the thread was carried safely from one wall to the other."I, too, will try a seventh time," cried Bruce. He got up and called his men together. He told them his plans, and sent them out with message of cheer to his discouraged people. Soon there was an army of brave Scotsmen gathered around him. Another battle was fought. This time the Scots won and the English invaders were driven out of Scotland.
The question is: How many battles were fought before the Scots won in the end?
The possible answers are:
A:Six.
B:Seven.
C:Eight.
D:Five.Yesterday my son, daughter and I went to the grocery store. In front of us in line was a little girl with her mother. The little girl was asking her mother for a box of Smarties. The polite way she was asking almost broke the mother's heart, "I'm sorry, Honey, but we have no money to buy it."
My son was watching that dialogue. By the way, he had been raking leaves our garden to raise himself some money to buy a bike. As he watched the mother and daughter leave the store, he ran to the candy counter and bought a box of Smarties with the money .
He turned to look at me and I just nodded. He ran out after the little girl and her mother and he gave them the box. He came back and told me what he told them. "Every kid should have a pack of Smarties because they can make you smart."
I was so excited that I bought a pack of Smarties for my son. I told him that I was proud of him, and that was for his act of generosity because he gave his own Smarties to others. Quickly, he replied, "But you do nice things for people and you never get anything for it."I explained, "When you do something nice for someone, you shouldn't expect to get anything. When you get something you should be very thankful."
The question is: When the writer and her children went to the grocery store, they saw a little girl asking   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:her mother for a nice toy
B:her mother for a box of Smarties
C:where she could find a box of Smarties
D:her mother if she could had enough moneyLaura Fagan is a British girl. She is 29 years old now. She has a special job. Her job is an offical cake-taster. She began to work two years ago. She loves her job very much. She needs to try as many as 20 desserts a day. She needs to travel to different cities to taste different desserts.
Although the job seems to be great, it is hard. Usually , Laura begins tasting desserts as early as 8 a.m., and is still tasting new desserts at 6 p.m. before she goes back home. _ , the job hasn't made her too fat. She only worries about her teeth.
" Of course I was afraid of becoming fat when I started the job, so I try to do exercise as often as possible. The main thing is my teeth. I don't think my dentist would be happy if I told him what I do, so I try to brush my teeth as often as possible." "When I tell people what I do, they say ' that's the best job in the world', and then they ask me what my favorite dessert is."
Laura loves her job although it is hard. " I can learn about new trends  in food. It is a hard job but someone has to do it." she said.
The question is: Which of the following is TRUE ?
The possible answers are:
A:Laura is very heavy because of her job.
B:Laura doesn't love her job because it is hard.
C:Laura often works for a long time every day.
D:People all think Laura's job is very tired.One day, a raven happened to fly past a lake. Looking at the lake, he saw the most beautiful animal he had ever seen. It was a swan and its feathers were as white as snow. The swan was playing with other birds happily, talking and dancing. And it seemed that the other birds all liked to stay with _ When he looked at his own feathers, they were as black as coal. The raven was very angry with the swan. "How can the swan have such wonderful feathers?" said the raven. What should he do with his feathers? He thought it over and over.
Then, the raven decided that he also wanted to have white feathers like the swan's. From that day on, the raven began to live like the swan. He moved his home from the woods to the lake. He also started to eat water plants like the swan. He tried his best to talk and dance with the other birds. The most important was that each day, the raven would wash his feathers, hoping that they would turn white. Even he went to the nearby rivers and ponds to wash his feathers because he thought the water in the lakes was not enough for him to wash them. But no matter how hard he washed his feathers, they remained black.
As he ate only water plants, he soon grew thinner and thinner. Not many days later, the raven died.
The question is: Why did the raven want to live like the swan?
The possible answers are:
A:He wanted to make friends with the swan
B:He wanted to see the swan's white feathers
C:He wanted to eat water plants
D:He wanted to become a swanThe sun comes up in the east and goes down in the west. When the sun rises, It is morning. When the sun sets, it is evening. When the sun is shining, it is day. Morning is the time between sunrise and twelve o'clock, or between sunrise and lunch. At twelve o'clock, the sun is the highest in the sky over our heads. The sun is overhead at noon. The sun shines during(......)the day. The moon and the stars shine during the night. When the sun rises, it is light. It's light during the day. During the night, if the moon is not shining, it is dark. What are the days and nights like in summer? In summer the days are longer and the nights are shorter. What about in winter? In winter, the days are shorter and the nights are longer.
The question is: At noon the sun is   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:high up in the sky
B:setting
C:shining
D:not overheadThe city zoo bought a new kangaroo    from Australia. It was famous for jumping very high. The zoo keeper was worried that the kangaroo would run away. He built special walls around it.
But the next morning, people found that the animal was playing around outside. So the zoo keeper made the height of the walls 5 metres. But the kangaroo got out again the following day. The zoo keeper felt very angry, so he made the walls as high as lo metres, but the kangaroo still got out.
"How high do you think he'll keep on building the walls?" a giraffe asked the kangaroo.
"I don't know," said the kangaroo. "Maybe they'll reach 300 metres. It all depends on whether he remembers to lock the gate."
The question is: What was this new kangaroo good at?
The possible answers are:
A:Climbing.
B:Jumping.
C:Catching birds.
D:Walking.John is an American boy. His family is in China now. John likes chocolate very much. But his mother doesn't give him. Chocolate is not good for him, she thinks. But John has a very nice uncle. The old man loves him very much, and sometimes he buys John some chocolate.  Then his mother lets him eat them. Because she wants to make the old man happy. One Sunday evening, John says in his room," Please, God   makes them give me a big box of chocolate tomorrow , it's my eighth birthday!" His mother says to him , "God can't hear  you, my boy." "I know, but my uncle is in the next  room, and he can hear." John says to his mother.
The question is: What day is John's birthday according to the passage ?
The possible answers are:
A:Sunday
B:Monday
C:Tuesday
D:SaturdayTwenty years ago almost all nurses were women, and almost all pilots were men. Today women fly planes, and men care for patients. The jobs are the same, but not both men and women are working as nurses and pilots.
There are many other examples of changing job roles for men and women. Forty years ago there were no women news reporters on television.
Now women report the news, the weather, and even men's sports. Women are reporting games and interviewing athletes. Fifty years ago there were almost no women lawyers or doctors, but today over half of all medical students are women.
Today men teach very young children. Men work as librarians and secretaries. Some men stay at home to take care of the house and children. They are called "househusbands" or "stay-at-home dads". However, many women still work as homemakers.
Jobs are changing. Today men and women are working in every field.
The question is: What is said about men in the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:Only men are sports reporters.
B:All lawyers are men.
C:Men never take care of home.
D:Some men stay at home with the children.On Christmas Eve, the night before Christmas Day, children are very happy. They put their stockings  at the end of their beds before they go to bed. They want Father Christmas to give some presents. Father Christmas is a very kind man. He comes on Christmas Eve. He lands on top of each house and comes down the chimney  into the fireplace and brings children a lot of presents.
Christmas Day always begins before breakfast. Children wake up very early. They can't wait to open the presents in their stockings. Then they wake up their parents and shout 'Merry Christmas!'
Do you know what Christmas means? Christmas Day is the birthday of Jesus Christ. When Christ was born, many people gave him presents. So today, people still do the same thing to children.
The question is: Father Christmas often puts the presents   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:into children's hats
B:into children's stockings
C:under children's beds
D:into children's shoesChores were not popular at my house.My children didn't like to do chores.They always saw me do
chores, but they hardly ever helped me do them.
A year ago, I made a game called "The Endless Chore Game".It's really great.Here's how the game works.
I made a card with forty squares ( ) and I write a different chore on each square.These chores can be easy and interesting like making dessert.Then my family roll the dice  to decide what chores we have to do.The card also has a few squares with fun things, like watching TV and singing.If you are lucky, you can watch TV when the others are doing the chores.
My son likes the game very much.He goes to the kitchen happily every morning to do the game.It is really a good way to make my children do chores.You can have a try if you have the same problem with me.
The question is: The writer made this game to   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:do less chores
B:tell us an interesting game
C:make her children happy
D:make her children do choresThe greatest saleswoman in the world today doesn't mind if you call her a girl. That's because Markita Andrews has got more than eight thousand dollars selling Girl Scout cookies since she was seven years old.
Going door-to-door after school, the terribly shy Markita changed herself into the cookie-selling dynamo .
It starts with great wish.
For Markita and her mother, whose husband left them when Markita was eight years old, their dream was to travel the world. "I'll work hard to make enough money to send you to college," her mother said one day. "When you leave college, you'll make enough money to take you and me around the world. Okay?"
So at the age of 13 when Markita read in her Girl Scout magazine that the Scout who sold the most cookies would win a free trip for two around the world, she decided to sell all the Girl Scout cookies she could--more Girl Scout cookies than anyone in the world, ever.
Wish, however, alone is not enough. To make her dream come true, Markita knew she needed a plan.
"When you are doing business, wear your Girl Scout clothes when you go up to people in their building, " her aunt told her. "Always smile, whether they buy something or not and always be nice."
Lots of other Scouts may have wanted that trip around the world, but only Markita went off in her own uniform each day after school, ready to ask--and keep asking--people to help in her dream.
Markita sold 3,526 boxes of Girl Scout cookies that year and won her trip around the world. Since then, she has sold more than 42,000 boxes of Girl Scout cookies.
Markita is no cleverer than thousands of other people, with dreams of their own. The difference is that many people fail before they even begin. They fear that they will be refused. This fear leads many of us to refuse ourselves and prevents us from getting where we have set off for long before anyone else ever has the chance--no matter what we are selling.
"It takes courage to ask for what you want," she said. "Courage is not that you don't have fear. It means doing what it takes although you have a fear of it".
The question is: From the passage we learn that   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:a good planning is the most important in the job of selling
B:Markita took the free trip around the world herself
C:Markita has a full-time selling job now
D:to do something successfully, we should do what is neededTom grows the nicest vegetables and fruits, and the most beautiful flowers in his village. Plants grow in Tom's garden all through the year.Tom cuts some flowers for his sitting-room table and eats some fruits and vegetables, but he sells most of them in the market. His vegetables, fruits and flowers are so wonderful that they sell much more quickly in the market than those of other villages.
How does Tom grow these beautiful plants? He is so lazy that he just sits under his orange tree with his radio. He listens to music all day.
That is quite true. Tom plants things in spring, summer, autumn and winter. After that he sits with his radio. And everything grows. It is the music that does work. Tom knows more clearly that music  makes the biggest vegetables and fruits and the most beautiful flowers. Plants love music as much as people.
The question is: Tom listens to the music in the garden because  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:is very popular.
B:makes him relaxed.
C:makes his plants stop growing.
D:makes his plants grow better.People all over the world like eating delicious food. If there is no salt in the food, it may not be very tasty. So there is often a lot of salt in food because people like the taste of salty food. However, too much salt is not food for you. If you cook food by yourself, you can control  the amount  of salt to keep your family healthy.
However, many processed  foods already have salt in them Fast foods often have a lot of salt in them. Canned foods often have salt. Packed foods such as biscuits have salt. Packed foods like potato chips have a lot of salt in them.
It is reported that the income of too much salt can lead to high blood pressure  and other kinds of diseases. So don't put too much salt into your dishes. How much salt should a person eat a day? Look at the following:
1--3 years   2g
4--6 years   3g
7--10 years  4g
11 and over  5g
You don't need any more salt than this. If your mom or dad is cooking, you had better ask them not to add too much salt. You will find that the food still tastes really good. It can also help your mom or dad to cut down to a healthier level of salt.
The question is: Eat too much salt can   _   .
The possible answers are:
A:lead to high blood pressure
B:make you become stronger
C:make the food more delicious
D:make you kike eating different kinds of foodIf you want to become a better reader, what should you know about speed of reading?
Some people read very rapidly , while others read very slowly. But which one is
better?
The rapid reader may be a good reader when he reads a storybook for fun. But he may not be
able to slow down enough to read directions  carefully. He may read so rapidly that he does
not take time to understand fully the ideas and information which are important to remember.
The slow reader may be a good reader when he reads directions for making something. But he
may spend too much time in reading a simple story which is meant to be enjoyed but is not
important enough to be remembered.
So, you see, either a rapid reader or a slow reader is not really a good one. If you wish to
become a better reader, here are four important things to remember about speed of reading.
1. Knowing why you are reading will often help you to know whether to read rapidly or
slowly.
2. Some things should be read slowly throughout. Examples are directions for making or doing
something, science and history books, and Maths problems. You must read such things slowly or
remember each important step and understand each important idea.
3. Some things should be read rapidly throughout. Examples are simple stories for enjoyment,
letters from friends and bits of news from hometown papers.
4. In some of your reading, you must change your speed from fast to slow and slow to fast, as
you go along. You will need to read certain  pages rapidly and then slow down and do more
careful reading when you come to important ideas.
The question is: Which title best gives the main idea of the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:Something about Careful Reading
B:Be a Rapid Reader.
C:How to Read?
D:How to Be a Slow Reader?What do you usually do after school? Playing football? Watching TV? Let's see how kids in foreign countries spend their free time?
Mess around  with Dress-up Do your parents have any old clothes? See if you can get an old box and start collecting hats, shoes and clothes now! Then, when your friends come over after school,you can play dress-up. See if you can make yourself into a doctor, or a cowboy, or even a spaceman! If you are really clever, you could even put on a show for your family! Let your imagination run wild!
Start a Club Want to learn new things after school? Want to make new friends who aren't in your class? You can get both of them in clubs. In other countries' schools,there are usually all kinds of clubs for kids to join. There is a French club,a student government, a theatre,a choir and a photography club.
Take a photography club as an example. One may learn all the skills about taking photos. For example,you will learn how to choose a camera,how to use the light and how to develop pictures.
One can also make a lot of friends in clubs. It's always good to enjoy your free time with friends, isn't it?
The question is: In a photography club, kids can learn  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:how to use cameras
B:how to collect cameras
C:how to repair cameras
D:how to make a lot of friendsI am a middle school student. I like fashionable  clothes. I like wearing a scarf . I like red shirts and I have curly hair. They all look cool. My parents and teachers sometimes ask me not to do so, but I don't mind. These are my own( )things. Don't you think so?
---------Sally
My uncle is 40 years old He works for a magazine . He writes articles  for children. He visits many places and talks with many children.  He thinks children should not watch TV too much and some TV shows are not good for them.
--------Barry
I study in a middle school. I have many rules at school. I can't be late for school,l have to wear a school uniform at school. I can't eat or sing in the classroom. Miss Yang,our English teacher,is very strict with us.
---------- Mona
,.
The question is: Mona can   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:be late for school
B:wear a school uniform at school
C:eat or sing in the classroom
D:wear her own clothes at schoolDear Tim,
Today is Saturday.It's 7:00 in the evening here.I'm writing to tell you something about my life.My father is watching CCTV news.That's his favorite program.My brother is playing computer games.My dog Dick is taking a hat to me.He wants me to put it on and go out for a walk with him.What a clever dog!My little sister is practicing  playing the piano.It sounds beautiful today.Outside,I can hear cars and buses coming and going quickly .Also there are some boys playing ball games.
It's really a noisy  but happy evening.Do you think so?
What are your family doing?I know the time here is thirteen hours ahead of  that in New York.Are you getting up?
Please write to me soon.Best wishes!
Yours,
Denial
The question is: What does the writer think of the piano-playing skill of his little sister?
The possible answers are:
A:It's much better .
B:It's just as usual.
C:It's much worse  .
D:It's always so good.Old George bought the black gloves for just $35 ten years ago. They were made of lamb skin, soft and warm and very strong. Until then, he had worn cheaper man-made material. These gloves never lasted longer than three years. He first decided to buy the expensive gloves, because they would make him feel nice in front of others.  George never let a drop of water or rain touch his expensive gloves, so they looked new. Losing this favourite thing was almost like losing a child to him. Bad luck! George lost his expensive gloves on New Year's Day....
Back home, George was at a loss. In deep winter, he could not do without a pair of gloves. If he bought cheap ones again, he would have to replace   them very soon. If he bought a new leather pair, it would cost $50 now. He was sad that people no longer returned things they found on the road.
After the holiday, poor George decided to buy another leather pair. Before boarding the subway, he went into Value Mart again to see if his gloves had been returned to the Lost and Found Office . "What colour are they?" the woman in the office asked again. "Black," he gave the same answer.
She looked into her drawer and drew out a pair of men's leather gloves. "Are they?" "Yes! Those are mine!"
George explained, with great joy in his eyes.
The question is: About old George, which of the following is true?
The possible answers are:
A:He was a very rich man.
B:He never bought cheap gloves.
C:He believed somebody would return the gloves to him.
D:He hadn't expected to get his gloves back.Have you ever been to Qingdao, a beautiful seaside city in the southeast of Shandong Province? There is the blue sea and clear air there. And it is also one of the most beautiful cities in China.
Qingdao has the largest bathing beach in Asia. It holds Qingdao International Beer Festival  every year. There are many interesting places to visit in Qingdao. But Qingdao beaches are the most fantastic places.
There are nine beaches in Qingdao. No 1 Beach is the largest one, but it is not the best beach because there are too many rocks there and the sand is not the most beautiful. The best beach in Qingdao is No. 6 Beach. And it is also the longest of all the beaches and has beautiful yellow sand.
There are also a few interesting things you can do near the beaches, such as visiting Lu Xun Park, eating sea food in a restaurant or visiting Qingdao Polar Ocean World.
Many People prefer to visit Qingdao Polar Ocean World. There you can see lots of animals from the sea, such as whales, dolphins, seals, sea lions and polar bears. It's so great and interesting that every year lots of people, especially children must come here when they visit Qingdao.
The question is: What can you do near the beaches?
The possible answers are:
A:Visit Lu Xun Park.
B:Eat sea food.
C:Go to Qingdao Polar Ocean World.
D:All of the above.Hello, I'm Jones. I want to go to the following three places.
I would like to visit Harpo Studios in Chicago, because it hosts  The Oprah Winfrey Show. I really love Oprah Winfrey. I want to meet her. It doesn't snow in my country. Chicago is in the northeast of the USA. I'd like to be there, see snow.
Paris is the most beautiful city in the world. I would like to visit its beautiful streets and the famous Eiffel Tower. Paris has many zoos. So I can go to the zoos and have a look at the animals. There are many cars on the streets, but I can take the subway to get around the city.
On my summer vocation, I would like to go to Barcelona. First, there are many beautiful beaches. Second, there are well-known desserts and fruits in Barcelona.
The question is: What does Jones think of the streets in Paris?
The possible answers are:
A:Long
B:Quiet
C:Clean
D:BeautifulHave you ever returned a book late to the library before?If so,you may pay a small fine .How much would you have to pay if the book is returned 65years late?
A high school in Washington,Us had to deal with such a problem recently.A copy of Gone with the Wind was finally returned to its library 65years late.
However,the school said that it would not ask Wayne to pay the fine,though that would be about 475.
The book was borrowed out of the library of the high school in 1949,and disappeared until it was found in Maine,Us by Wayne.Wayne found the book in his father'sbasement  and then offered to send it back to the school.
"I feel very sorry about that,"Wayne said.
"We're very pleased to have the book back.Wayne did the right thing,"LoriWyborney,headmaster of the school said.
The question is: _  offered to send the book back to the school.
The possible answers are:
A:Wayne's father
B:Wayne
C:Lori's headmaster
D:Lori.Mary had a nice summer vacation last year. She went to Hawaii  in July. Mary likes fruits, and the Hawaiian bananas and oranges were great. The weather was very fine, but sometimes it rained heavily. On Monday she went to the museum. It was an interesting place and not very crowded . On Tuesday she went to the mountains. On Wednesday she visited an old friend. They went to the movies in the evening. The movie was so funny that they laughed again and again. On vacation she felt like she she was a flying bird! The vacation cost  her about 600 dollars, but Mary had a fun time.
The question is: Which of the following is NOT true?
The possible answers are:
A:Mary went to Hawaii on vacation.
B:Mary spent about $600 on her vacation.
C:On Wednesday she saw an old friend.
D:The weather in Hawaii was a little terrible during Mary's vacation.Close your eyes for a minute and imagine what life would be like if you couldn't see. Imagine having to read this page, not with your eyes but with your fingers. How do you feel, then?
With medical knowledge and skills today, two-thirds of the world's 42 million blind people should not have to suffer. Unluckily, rich countries have this knowledge, but developing countries do not.
ORBIS is an international charitable   organization. Its goal is to help fight blindness all over the world. Inside a DC-8 airplane, there is a teaching hospital with television room and classroom. Doctors are taught the latest technology of helping the blind get sight again here. ORBIS is always trying to keep a closer relation among countries.
ORBIS helps those developing countries by providing sight-saving training. It has taught over 35,000 doctors and nurses. They continue to treat thousands of blind people every year. They have traveled around the earth 3 times, visited 76 countries and treated over 20,000 blind people. They need your help to continue their work and free people from blindness.
For just $ 38, you can help one person see; for $ 380 10 people can see; $ 1,300 helps train a doctor new skills; and for $ 13,000 you can provide a training program for a group of doctors who can make thousands of blind people see again. Your love can help them open their eyes to the world.
The question is: According to this passage, ORBIS helps fight blindness by doing the following EXCEPT   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:writing this kind of articles to ask for help
B:providing sight-saving training
C:treating thousands of blind people every year
D:trying to keep a close relation among countriesLast summer was Ann's first trip to Spain . She was very excited. But when she arrived at the hotel, she found that her Spanish money wasn't in her handbag. She looked for it carefully in all her bags, but she couldn't find it. She had only a ten-pound note with her. She found a place to change her English money. On her way back to the hotel, Ann bought some cheese, some bread and some oranges. She told the manager that she didn't eat Spanish food except for breakfast, because she knew the price of hotels included   breakfast. Other tourists visited places of great interest in Spain. Ann said she wasn't well. In fact, her holiday wasn't bad, except that she was hungry. After all a piece of fruit for lunch, and bread and cheese for supper isn't very much. especially not for two weeks. On the last day of her holiday, Jane, one of the tourists asked Ann why she never ate with them in the hotel restaurant. The food was delicious. Ann told her all about her money problem. Jane looked at her for a moment, and then said, "But didn't you know the price of this hotel includes everything?"
The question is: What trouble did Ann have when she was in Spain?
The possible answers are:
A:There was something wrong with her stomach
B:She couldn't find her Spanish money
C:She couldn't find the restaurant in the hotel
D:The food wasn't delicious for AnnIn September 2013, the China National  Tourism  Administration issued a new set of tourist guideline in order to improve tourists' behavior when they travel abroad.  Although the 64-page  handbook  contains  suggestions for Chinese tourists when traveling at home, the main purpose is to improve the poor reputation of Chinese tourists abroad.
In 2013, more than 83 million Chinese people traveled overseas, up 18 percent from the year 2012, according to  the  China  Tourism  Academy. But  even as they travel farther, the Chinese tourists continue to take bad habits with them.  From damaging ancient Egyptian temples to letting children defecate in the  middle  of airports,   Chinese tourists have earned a bad fame. Chinese Vice-Premier Wang Yang even  stressed  the  need for Chinese tourists to behave better while traveling overseas so as to protect China's image abroad.
Now with the latest "guidebook", Chinese travelers should have no excuse for rude behavior. According to the guidelines, when using the restroom,  Chinese tourists are asked not to forget to flush the toilet after using it.
The guidelines also remind tourists of not fighting with others  when they want to take pictures at tourist attractions. When flying, the guidelines advise  travelers  not to take life vests away from airplanes.
Chinese tourists are also encouraged to be respectful of local customs wherever they travel.  In the United Kingdom, for example, it is not polite to ask people. Where are you going?" or "Have you eaten?", the handbook says.
Nevertheless, with a very short history of traveling overseas, it is not surprising that many Chinese tourists behave badly on their foreign trips. We should give them time to change.
,.
The question is: What are Chinese tourists encouraged to do?
The possible answers are:
A:Respect local customs wherever they travel.
B:Try to be polite both at home and abroad.
C:Ask questions when they meet with difficulty.
D:Take the guidebook with them when traveling abroad.I am not sure when I started listening to the radio. In the evening, I like listening to some talk programmes. The host's   beautiful voice makes me relax. The host often has the same feelings as the audience about love, friendship, life and so on. I am often moved   to tears. I usually go to bed at 9:30 pm and then I begin to listen to the play on the radio in bed. I can only listen to the sound, but I am always interested in guessing who they are and what they look like. I often fall asleep while listening. During lunch and supper time, I listen to the radio, too.
I like listening to music because it can make me quiet. I also like thinking about something while listening to music, for example, what I shall do tomorrow, that I have to call my family tonight and that I should send short messages to my friends on Christmas Day.
You see, radio is important in my life, like a friend.
The question is: At 9:30 pm, the writer begins to   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:think about what to do tomorrow
B:listen to the play
C:send short messages to his friends
D:call his familyA very new, young officer was at a station. He was on his way to visit his mother in another town, and he wanted to telephone her to tell her the time of this train , so that she could meet him at the station in her car.He look in all his pockets, but found that he did not have the right money for the telephone, so he went outside and looked around for someone to help him.
At last an old soldier came by, and the young officer stopped him and said, "Have you got change  for ten pence ?"
"Wait a moment, " the old soldier answered. He began to put his hand in his pocket, "I'll see whether I can help you. "
"Don't you know how to speak to an officer?" the young man said angrily. "Now let's start again. Have you got change for ten pence? "
"No, sir," the old soldier answered quickly.
The question is: The young officer was angry because he thought the old soldier  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:was polite to him
B:was not polite to him
C:didn't know how to speak to him
D:didn't like to help him at allZhang Kai is a student at North China University of Water Resources and Electric Power . He has led a group of college student volunteers since last year. They help children at a primary school with their studies and daily lives.
"When I was a small child", Zhang said, "I knew March 5 was a day for people to learn from Lei Feng and help others, but I didn't know the real meaning of the spirit  of Lei Feng. Now when I see the smiling faces of the kids I have helped, I deeply understand Lei Feng. Helping others makes me happy."
Lei Feng (1940-1962) is one of the most famous soldiers in Chinese history. He lost his parents when he was very young. His neighbors brought him up. He died in an accident at 22. He did many good deeds  in his short life. For example, he gave his own money to the parents of another soldier. And bought tickets for a woman he didn't know without telling her his name.
On March 5, 1963, Chairman Mao  called on  people to "Learn from Lei Feng" and made the day "Lei Feng Day".
Today almost 50 years has passed since Lei's death. Some people say that the spirit of Lei Feng is outdated .
But many people think we need to promote  that spirit again. There have been many reports about the coldness of people toward strangers. This has made many Chinese people think deeply about themselves.
"The most important thing is that we must be ready to help others and make it a habit." said Huang Tianze, a student from Jianlan High School in Zhejiang.
The question is: Which of the following is TRUE?
The possible answers are:
A:Lei Feng died on March 5, 1963.
B:March 5 this year is the 60
th"Lei Feng Day".
C:People remember Lei Feng because his wife was short
D:Lei Feng did many good deeds during his short life.Do you like Hunan TV shows ?What do you think of them ?
A popular TV show may have 70,000,000 TV viewers . A TV show can make something or someone well-known overnight . That's why more than 10,000,00 women and girl of 4-89 years old watch Hunan TV's "Super Girl" show.
These "game" shows put ordinary   people on TV to play a game for prize   and money .These game shows can make anyone a star , and he or she can also get lots of money , so many people watch the shows .
"Super Girl" is the first show of this kind in China. It's so close to you. Everyone can join in it .
For the show, many girls stop their classes. "They hope they can be superstars someday. But the best way to success  is to learn more and work hard," said some directors  .
The question is: Many girls don't have their classes but join in the show because they   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:don't like to go to school
B:don't want to join in the show
C:want to be superstars
D:think it's interestingWhen I was a kid, I never had any problems watching some cartoons. It was so much fun and a great education  too. Mickey Mouse, Donald Duck, Tom and Jerry were my idols . Even now I really feel that they are worth watching at any age.
The problem I've found is the cartoons at present. Some of them contain something ugly. Most of the time, they show such many terrible characters with violence that you wonder what they really mean. Cartoons are supposed to be funny but they aren't. If you are expecting to teach your kids good manners and behavior, then they are the worst for your kids to watch.
Kids often imitate what they see in cartoons. If your kid is a fan of such cartoons, he or she will follow his or her favorite cartoon character and try to do something extremely dangerous.
Therefore, try not to let your kids watch too many today's cartoons. Make sure to keep an eye on what they are watching.
The question is: The writer doesn't like the cartoons at present because   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:he is no longer a kid
B:they are bad for kids' education
C:they are long and boring
D:they have ugly characters in themAre you looking for a fun vacation spot? Do you like to sleep in a hotel, go shopping, and eat fancy meals? If so, Mona Island might Not be the place for you! That's because Mona Island has no hotels, no museums, no shops, and no restaurants. None at all!
But if you like nature , Mona Island is an amazing place to take a vacation. Some of the animals living there are not found anywhere else in the world. There are beautiful beaches and caves to explore. The sea around  the island has colorful fish. There are many things that make Mona Island an unusual place.
Mona Island is very small, On a map it looks like a tiny green lima bean floating in the big blue ocean. the only way to get there is by taking a long boat ride from the island of Puerto Rico.
The government of Puerto Rico takes care of the island and has made it a natural reserve. That means the island's animals and plants are protected from being harmed by people. Mona Island is different from most places because people are not allowed to live there. Only a few park rangers are able to stay.
The park ranger's job is to keep Mona Island safe and beautiful. They insist that rules be followed. One rule is that only 100 people at a time can visit the island. That way, the park rangers can make sure the land and animals remain safe.
B.
The question is: Why is Mona Island different from most places? Because  _
The possible answers are:
A:It is small
B:people are not allowed to live there.
C:it looks like a tiny green lima bean.
D:it is a natural reserve.Six Chinese Characters
Dear students,  our country has a long history.  Chinese characters usually have more than one meaning and some of them are particularly loved by Chinese people.  Here are the top six lucky ones.  Please note we use "pinyin" here because "pinyin" is the Chinese spelling system for the characters. For example, "fu" is the "pinyin" for good luck in Chinese.  "pinyin" "fu" is only the phonic   ( )  part of the character and if you want to know the meaning of good luck "fu",  you must read the Chinese character because "fu" also represents     other Chinese characters that sound the same.
1.  "fu" means blessing,  good fortune,  good luck. Chinese character "fu" is one of the most popular ones used during Chinese New Year. It is often displayed upside down on the front door of a house or an apartment.  The upside down"fu" means good luck comes since the character for upside down in Chinese sounds the same as the character for "come".
2. "Iu" means prosperity.
It is used to mean official's salary( ) in feudal ( ) China.
3.  "shou" means longevity.
Chinese character  "shou" also means life,  age or birthday.
4. "xi" is happiness.
The doubled character "xi" means double happiness. It is usually displayed everywhere at Chinese weddings.
5.  "cai" is wealth or money.
Chinese often say "money can make a ghost turn a millstone". It is to say money really can do a lot of things. But, still-money can't buy everything.
6.  "he" means harmomous.
People's harmony is an important part of Chinese culture. When you have harmomous
relations with others,   things will be a lot easier for you.
The question is: What does the upside down  "fu" mean?
The possible answers are:
A:It means coming .
B:It means that good luck comes .
C:It means good fortune.
D:It means that "fu" is upside down.Ann is my classmate. She comes from New York, and she lives in Shanghai with her parents now. Every morning, she goes to KFC to have breakfast. Sometimes she buys a hamburger for me. She can't speak Chinese well. In the evening, her father often helps her with it. He's a teacher in our school. He can speak Chinese very well.
Ann thinks the school life in China is very interesting. Ann likes reading Chinese books because she wants to know more about China. She tries to talk with her Chinese friends in Chinese. She hopes to speak Chinese well. She is very happy to live in China. She loves people here.
The question is: What is Ann's hope ?
The possible answers are:
A:To get fat.
B:To have more friends.
C:To speak Chinese well.
D:To live in New York.Luo Zhixiang is a popular singer, an actor and a TV host. His English name is Show. He dances well. He is often called "Dancing King of Asia". He now becomes more and more popular.
Show is from Taiwan Island. He is tall and cool. A lot of people love him very much because they love his songs and his wonderful voice.
He is handsome now. but he was very fat in high school. So he got a nickname  "Pig"at that time. His classmates made fun of him sometimes. But he exercised and lost weight  successfully .
Now he is glad that people call him "Pig". He likes showing himself to others. The people around him are very happy to see his performance . Show is hard-working. His TV show is successful. Many people like watching _ . He often says, "If you have a chance, just do it!" He does it. Maybe it is why he is so successful.
The question is: Which of the following about Luo Zhixiang is not true?
The possible answers are:
A:He is a good dancer.
B:He likes showing himself to others.
C:He has a wonderful voice.
D:His TV show is bad.Young people can have problems with their minds.Some students become worried because they have to study very hard.Others have trouble getting on well with people like their parents and classmates.
Liu Wei,a junior 2 student from Hefei,could not understand his teacher and was doing badly in his lessons.He became so worried about it that he started to cut his finger with a knife.
Another student,14-year-old Yan Fang from Guangzhou,was afraid of exams.She got very worried when she looked at the exam paper.She couldn't think of anything to write.
A recent report from Jiefang Daily says about 18% of Shanghai teenagers have mental problems.Their troubles include being worried and very unhappy.And they have problems in learning and getting on with people.Many students who have problems won't ask others for advice or help.Some think they will look stupid if they go to see a doctor.Others don't want to talk about their secret.
Liang Yuezhu,an expert on teenagers from Beijing Anding Hospital has the following advice for teenagers:
* Talk to your parents or teachers often
* Take part in group activities and play sports
* Go to see a doctor if you feel unhappy or unwell
The question is: Liu Wei cut his finger with a knife because  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:he was afraid of his teacher
B:he wanted to frighten his parents
C:he was so worried about his studies
D:his finger was badly hurtA good way to pass an examination  is to work hard every day in the year. You may fail in the examination if you are lazy for most of the year and then work hard only a few days before the examination. If you are taking an English examination, don't learn only rules of grammar. Try to read stories in English and speak in English whenever you can. A few days before examination you should start going to bed early. Do not stay up late at night studying and learning things. Before you start the examination, read carefully over the examination paper. Try to understand the exact meaning of each question before you pick up  your pen to write. When you have at last finished your examination, read your answers, correct any mistakes that you see and make sure that you have not _ anything _ .
The question is: What should you do if you want to learn English well according to the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:Speak more, listen less, never write.
B:Speak less, write more, never listen.
C:Read more, listen more, speak less.
D:read and speak as much as possible.Each team has three players and a coach . The basketball players are running and jumping in the hot sun. Music is all around. In just twelve minutes, the game is over. But a new one starts right away. How exciting!
This is street-ball. It's much like basketball. But it's faster. People play it outside and it's interesting. Usually, children play street-ball on an open court. They use only half of the court. What they need is a basketball goal  . Children love lots of things about the game. "It's very nice to be outside in the sun. And the music is great", said Jane, fourteen, a girl in Beijing.
Some say street-ball was from Europe  , others say it came from America. But now, boys and girls in many countries like to play it. Street-ball is a game for all.
The question is: What's the best title of this passage?
The possible answers are:
A:Different Ball Games
B:Street-ball: An Exciting Game
C:How to Play Street-ball
D:Street-ball And BasketballOne day Mr Smith went to a dinner party. He was wearing very old clothes. He came into the room, but people in the room didn't look at him. They didn't ask him to sit at the table. He wasn't happy. But he said nothing.Mr Smith went home quickly and put on his best clothes. He went back to the party. Everyone in the room stood up and looked at him. They gave him good food to eat.Mr Smith took off his coat, and put it on the food and said, "Eat, coat!"
The other people were
and asked, "What are you doing? Why do you do that?"Mr Smith answered, "I am asking my coat to eat food. When I wore old clothes, you didn't look at me. You didn't ask me to sit down. Now I am wearing these nice clothes. And you give me good food. Now see, you give the food to my coat, not to me."
The question is: One day Mr Smith went to    _    .
The possible answers are:
A:a birthday party
B:a dinner party
C:an English party
D:a movieI used to live in a small town with trees all around. It is about thirty years since I left my hometown. But I still remember what it was exactly like. And I often "see" it in many of my dreams. My hometown is a beautiful place. It stands beside a wide river and is rich in fish and rice.
But in the old days it was a poor and backward little town. Many people had no work. They lived a hard life. There was no tall building and the only street was narrow. But trees and flowers made the town beautiful. Just outside the town, there was a river. You could see different kinds of fish swimming in the clear water. People here lived a simple life.
Since a new policy  was taken by the government, great changes have taken place there. The streets have been widened. Factories, schools, hospitals, cinemas and theatres have been built one after another. People's life is greatly improved. You can see tall buildings, big department stores and factories everywhere. Different kinds of cars and buses are running in the wide streets.
But with the development of the industry , we have fewer trees. Air and water pollution is becoming more and more serious. And there are also other problems. We should try our best to make it richer. At the same time, we must do something to stop pollution and make our town even more beautiful.
The question is: What is outside the town?
The possible answers are:
A:a lake
B:a river
C:a forest
D:a grasslandIt is easier to go down a hill than to climb up a hill, so it is to fall into bad habit than into good ones.
Bad habits do not come suddenly. They come little by little while people do not notice their danger. Some schoolboys first pick up bad habits in school and on the streets. When they cannot finish their lessons, they copy from their classmates. If they see bigger boys smoking, they also want to learn to smoke. When they are older, the habits become so strong that they can never get rid of them. From copying, they fall behind, then learn to steal, and smoking is bad for their health. At last they become worse and worse.
How necessary it is that we get rid of the bad habits at the very beginning.
The question is: Bad habits come   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:quickly
B:suddenly
C:quietly and slowly
D:easilyHave you ever had the flu ? If you have, you know how bad it can make you feel. Most kids will get the flu sometime during their school years.
When you have the flu, you usually get a fever  (which can be high), have a cough , feel very tired, and may have a sore throat  as well. It can make you feel sick for a few days or for as long as a week. Sometimes, it can be hard to tell if you have the flu or a cold, but with the flu, you'll usually have a higher fever and feel much worse.
The flu is a type of virus , which means medicine will only help the _ such as the cough and fever. For most kids, the flu comes and goes, but for some, it can be a serious illness. Most kids get the flu in winter because germs  spread  more easily when kids are inside in settings such as classrooms.
The best way to stop from getting the flu is to wash your hands often, keep your hands to yourself, and go to your doctor for the flu shot  or mist .
The question is: According to the writer, which of the following is true?
The possible answers are:
A:Most kids get the flu in winter.
B:The flu always comes with a sore throat.
C:Most kids don't even realize they have the flu.
D:The flu can't spread from one person to another easily.Long long ago, there lived two girls named Emily and Tina. Both of them had long black hair and blue eyes. One day while they were playing in the back yard  , Emily heard a tinkling   sound. She jumped up. "Listen," she told her twin. They listened. The noise came again.
This time Tina heard it. She sat up. "It came from over there," She whispered, looking at the zinnias   far away. They came near to find it out. Then something flew out, making the same tinkling sound they had heard before. The children looked at one another. "Was it a bee?" asked Tina. "I don't think so," replied Emily. "Do bees make a sound like bells?" "Let's call it the Tinkle Bee anyway," said Tina. Emily nodded, listening with a little difficulty. What had made that noise?
The next day, Emily and Tina brought their cookies outside. Tina took her plate by the zinnias. Suddenly she caught something. "Emily!" she called. "I've got the Tinkle Bee!" Emily rushed over. They sat down on the grass. Tina opened her hand very carefully. There was that sound! Something was shining in Tina's hand. They smiled. Then Emily cried, "It's a fairy  !" Tina looked down at it in her hand. It looked like a girl. A _ girl with wings! Tina dropped it before she noticed that a wing was torn  . The little fairy could not fly away so she took a piece of grass out of the ground and sat on it.
Emily and Tina were surprised at what they saw. The fairy turned to Emily and said, "Hello, I am Marabella." Then she said again, "Marabella the Fairy." Emily smiled. "I'm Emily," she said. Tina said, "I'm Tina. Are you really a fairy?" "Oh, yes!" replied Marabella. "I've always been a fairy."
The question is: How did the sound come out?
The possible answers are:
A:A bee behind the zinnias made the sound.
B:It came out from the fairy's flying.
C:It came out when the fairy shouted for help.
D:The bell by the zinnias rang.It is the last day of June today. It is grandma's birthday. Father, mother and I go to see her.
My grandma lives with my uncle in a village not too far away. Uncle works there. Early in the morning we buy a birthday cake and some fruit and go to her home by bus.
Grandma and uncle are very glad to see us. We give the present to grandma and say, "Happy birthday to you!" She is very happy. Then we sit down to talk. Uncle goes to prepare lunch. The meal is very nice. We all enjoy it very much. At 4 o'clock, we say goodbye and go back home.
The question is: Which sentence is NOT true?_.
The possible answers are:
A:Uncle works in a village
B:We take a bus to see grandma.
C:Grandma is happy to see us
D:We are back at home at 4 o'clock.Dear Mum,
I don't think you understand my life. You think I should be studying all the time. I know you want me to find a good job when I grow up, but I would like to have a wonderful time, too. You never think about fun things for me to do like music, sports. Two days ago, when I was watching a football game on TV, you asked me to stop and do my homework. After finishing my homework, still I wasn't allowed  to read my football magazines. You said I had to go to bed early. That was bad enough, but yesterday was the worst day. I bought some computer games, and put them in my bag so that you wouldn't see them. I told you I had to do my homework first. I know it was wrong to lie  to you, but you told me that Dad would talk to me later. Mum, I didn't quite like what you did to me! I really love you, mum, but I wish you could try not to be so hard on me.
Love,
Zhang  Ning
The question is: We know from the letter that  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:Zhang Ning lives a very happy life
B:Zhang Ning hates his mother
C:Zhang Ning wishes to study all the time
D:Zhang Ning's parents are very hard on himOn a Friday night,a poor young violinist was playing his violin at the entrance of the subway station. The music was so great that people slowed down to listen and put some money into his hat.
The next day,the violinist came to the entrance again. He put down his hat as usual. Beside the hat was a piece of paper with some words on it. It said,"A George Sang has put an important thing into my hat by mistake. Welcome to claim it."Soon the people were all attracted by the words and wondered what it could be. After a while a man rushed through the crowd,took the violinist's shoulders and said,"I knew you would certainly come here."The violinist asked,"Did you lose something?""Lottery ."The violinist took out a lottery ticket with Sang's name on it. Sang took it and danced happily.
Sang was an office worker. He bought the lottery and won a prize of$500,000.But when he gave$50 to the violinist for his wonderful music,the lottery ticket was thrown in, too. The violinist was a college student. That morning,he was going to fly to Vienna for high education. However,when he found the ticket,he cancelled the flight and returned to the entrance.
Later someone asked the violinist why he didn't take the lottery ticket to pay the tuition fee .He said"Although I don't have much money,I live happily. If I lose honesty ,I won't be happy forever."
The question is: George Sang put  _   into the violinist's hat on a Friday night by mistake.
The possible answers are:
A:money
B:1ottery
C:money and lottery
D:nothingIt's three thirty in the afternoon at Raynham Primary School in London. Students are ready for their after-school math lesson. Thousands of kilometers away, their math tutors are also arriving for class. Each pupil gets an online tutor. The students work on their computer screen and wear a headset   to talk to their tutor.
Their classroom teacher, Altus, says he has seen an improvement in results. Nine-year-old Samia says she enjoys the online lessons. She said, "It helps me because sometimes when we're doing it in class, I don't hear the teacher very much and I don't understand, but online is better."
Tom Hooper started the company. It provides the online tutoring. The company is called Bright Spark Education.
Children today feel very confident online, so they enjoy their learning. Online tutoring costs between twenty and twenty-five dollars an hour. An online tutor is about half the cost of traditional face-to-face tutoring.
Bright Spark Education says the online tutoring is used only as an addition to the regular teaching. The company says its service doesn't _ the teachers' jobs in Britain.
Some parents say they are pleased with the results. But some students still hate math. Even with the latest technology  to teach it, math is still not everyone's favorite subject.
The question is: What's the main idea of the text?   _
The possible answers are:
A:Each pupil gets an online tutor.
B:Children feel very confident online.
C:Students in London learn math online.
D:Math is not everyone's favorite subject."The zoo has money problem," Grandmother Sandy said.
Angel listened. She heard that Fresno's Chaffee Zoo didn't have enough money to take care of its animals.
Angel loved animals. She planned to study them when she grew up. Angel's family had four cats. Angel took good care of them and made sure that they always had food and water.
Angel felt sorry for the zoo animals. While the others in the family were cooking dinner, Angel was cooking up a way to help the animals. She decided to write a letter to show how she felt. At the end of the letter, she wrote: "Give a dollar, help an animal." She sent the letter and a dollar to The Fresno Bee, a local newspaper.
A few days after that, Angel's letter was published. Almost immediately, people began sending in money. Angel's letter was having effect!
At school, Angel went to each classroom to read the letter that appeared on the newspaper. She asked students in her school to give money to the zoo. Next, Angel was asked to appear on television. She was invited to be on a popular talk show.
The workers in the zoo were very happy. Ray Navarro is the person most responsible for the animals. "Angel opened the eyes of Fresno," said Ray. "She made us see that people can make a difference."
The question is: Ray Navarro thought that Angel   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:was most responsible for the animals
B:was good at making animals happy
C:helped the people in Fresno
D:could cure blind peopleMom and Dad are two of the most important people in your life. You probably see at least one of them every day. If your dad worships the Pittsburgh Steelers, you may grow up being a big fan of that football team. And if your mom loves to read,you just may grow up carrying a book everywhere you go, just like she does.
Here are some ways for you to get along well, and build a strong relationship  with your parents.
Spend time together. Don't sit there playing computer games or watching TV. Ask your mom and dad to play with you. Go outside together, or do some reading.
Be kind. Little things might mean a lot to your mom or dad. You can (make a parent happy) with a hug,a card,or a joke. It's also lovely when a kid cleans up his or her room without being asked. And if you try not to fight with your brothers or sisters, your parents will be so happy!
Do your best at whatever you do. You don't have to be perfect ,but when you do your best,you make your parents proud. It makes them happy to see how you're turning into a great kid. Why? Because it lets them know _
The question is: Your parents will be unhappy if you  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:give them a hug, a card or a joke
B:try your best to do something
C:fight with your brothers or sisters
D:clean up your room without being askedA woman has some trouble  with her eyes, so she goes to see the doctor. He is a new doctor and doesn't know her, so he asks some questions and one of them is, "How old are you?"
The woman says, "I don't know, doctor, but let me think about it." She thinks for a few minutes and then says, "Yes, I know now, doctor! When I marry , I am eighteen years old, and my husband is thirty. Now my husband is sixty. And that is twice  thirty, right?" So boys and girls, do you know the woman's age now?
The question is: The new doctor wants to know the woman's   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:QQ number
B:hobbies
C:name
D:ageIt is Jim's birthday today. He is five years old. He gets many nice birthday presents from his family and one of them is a big drum .
"Who gives him the drum?" his father asks.
"His grandfather does." answers Jim's mother.
Jim likes his drum very much. He makes a noise with it, but his mother doesn't say anything about it. His father is not at home. He is working in a school. So he doesn't hear the noise.
But one of the neighbors doesn't like the noise at all. So one morning she takes a knife and goes into Jim's room. Jim is making a noise with the drum. She says to him, "Hello, Jim. Do you know there is something very nice in your drum? Here's a knife. Open the drum and let's find it."
The question is: Jim's  _   gives Jim the drum.
The possible answers are:
A:grandfather
B:father
C:mother
D:neighborJackie visited his grandparents on their farm. And he was playing with a slingshot in the woods. He practised in the woods but he could never hit the target. As he was walking back, he saw Grandma's pet duck. Without thinking, he shot, hit the duck in the head, and killed it. He was very afraid. He knew Grandma loved the duck. She would be sad or even angry if she knew that her duck was killed. He then hid the dead duck under a tree. His sister Susan saw it all, but she said nothing.
After lunch that day Grandma said, "Susan, let's wash the dishes." But Susan said,  "Grandma, Jackie told me he wanted to help in the kitchen today, didn't you, Jackie?" And then she whispered to him, "Remember the duck?" So Jackie did the dishes.
Later Grandpa asked if the children wanted to go fishing, but Grandma said, "I'm sorry but I need Susan to help clean the house." But Susan smiled and said,  "Well, that's all right because Jackie told me he wanted to help." and she whispered again, "Remember the duck?" So Susan went fishing with Grandpa and Jackie stayed.
These "remember the duck" went on for many days. Then finally Jackie _ it any longer. He came to Grandma and told her that he had killed the duck. She gave him a hug, and said, "Sweetheart, I know. You see, I was standing at the window and I saw the whole thing. But because I love you, I forgave you. But I just wanted to see how long you would let Susan make a slave   of you. "
The question is: Jackie helped clean the house instead of going fishing with Grandpa because   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:he liked cleaning the house
B:Grandma asked him to
C:he didn't like going fishing
D:he wanted Susan to keep his secretHello, I'm Simon. I wear a blue and yellow T-shirt for the show. I borrow  the T-shirt from my cousin Jack.
Hello, I'm Sandy. I wear a pair of long red boots, a red blouse and a black skirt for the show. They are the clothes from the 1990s. And I borrow the boots from my mother.
Hello, I'm Daniel. I wear a purple scarf, a purple shirt, and white trousers today. They are my father's. They are smart.
Hello, I'm Amy. I don't like the clothes today. The black trousers and the white blouse don't match very much. But my grandmother likes them very much. They are from the 1970s! I want to have a pair of white boots and a pink one-piece dress. Maybe that will be popular in the 2010s.
The question is: Who wears a T-shirt today?
The possible answers are:
A:Amy
B:Sandy
C:Jack
D:SimonCanada geese are large blue and white birds .When autumn arrives ,they have to fly south where the weather is warmer .The winters are so cold in Canada that the birds will die if they stay there .
Last spring ,Bill Lishman found sixteen young Canada geese on his farm "They had lost their parents , "Bill thought . "These young birds won't know what to do in the autumn .
Bill had a small plane and he decided to teach the birds to follow him .All through the summer ,he went on short trips in his plane and the young geese flew after him ."
When the cold weather arrived in autumn ,Bill flew to Virginia in the United States ,600 miles south from his home in Canada .The geese follwed him all the way .Bill flew to Virginia and returned home .
This spring ,Bill was waiting for the birds to come back .They didn't arrive ,so Bill flew to Virginia to get them .He looked for them for two weeks but he couldn't find them .
When he arrived back home ,Bill found the geese waiting for him .Then had found the way home without him !
The question is: Bill took the birds to virginia because   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:it's warmer there
B:it's 600 miles away from his home
C:he wanted the birds to fly after him
D:it's a beautiful place in the United StatesBefore the elevator was invented in the late 1800s,buildings were much smaller and lower,as people did not want to walk up and down stairs all day.With the invention of the elevator came high-rise buildings and _ .
Some people find elevators make them a little uncomfortable because there are many people all standing close in a small room.It is best just to relax and enjoy the ride.
When the elevator doors open,stand aside and let everyone out before you try to get in.Even if you are in a hurry,it's impolite to push someone so that you can get into an elevator.
Don't stare at people or stand too close.Try to keep your eyes looking ahead or you could make others feel nervous or uncomfortable.
If you have to move past people to get out of the elevator,say"Excuse me,please"or"I'm sorry"rather than just push them out of the way.Others will think you're welcome if you show some politeness.
If you are standing close to the buttons ,ask others what floors they are going to and press the buttons for them.This is considered to be polite.
In case of emergency ,follow the instructions written inside the elevator and try to keep others calm.
The question is: According to the passage,if you stare at someone in an elevator,he or she may feel  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:uncomfortable
B:angry
C:strange
D:calmIn England, some food companies across the whole country have been told to carry out urgent   tests on all beef products. Do you know why? That's because some food companies used horsemeat to make beef products.
There are some examples about the horsemeat matter. In January, 2013, in a number of UK supermarkets, frozen hamburgers were found to have _ of horsemeat in them. Some frozen beef products made by food company FINDUS were found to contain horsemeat. All of the beef products made by this company have been removed from sale.
The government said that there's nothing to suggest any health risk from the products. Food minister David Heath said people should not throw away frozen meat products and carry on eating meat. The government will tell people not to eat meat if the meat is not safe.
Food safety has been an important matter all over the world. More and more countries plan to take some useful measures to ensure the safety of food.
,.
The question is: More and more countries plan to take some useful measures to ensure   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:horsemeat out of products
B:the food safety
C:the test food
D:the food saleDo you want to be in good health? Try to do the following things! You can become strong.
Drink eight cups of water every day. Water helps your body in many ways. If you feel......,have a cup of water.
Don't forget to eat your breakfast. Breakfast gives you everything your body needs for the morning. So do not forget your breakfast.
Calcium . Your bones  need it. Milk has more calcium. You may also drink orange juice with calcium in it.
Go for a walk every day after meals. Walking is a good exercise, and people need exercise for good health, It's better to walk after meals.
Stretch for five minutes after sitting for one or two hours. Stretching your arms and legs is good for your body.
Use your brain  every day. For example, you can do crossword puzzles or read a new book.
Have a rest about twenty minutes when you are tired. You may do something different to have a break. For example,get up and walk. Or sit down to listen to music.
The question is: What is the best title  of this passage?
The possible answers are:
A:It's Important to Keep Healthy
B:Ways to Keep Healthy
C:Why People Do Exercise
D:Take Care of Yourself.Around the world more and more people are taking part in dangerous sports and activities. Of course, there have always been people who have looked for adventures--those who have climbed the highest mountains, travelled into unknown parts of the world or sailed in small boats across the greatest oceans . Now, however, there are more people who look for an excitement from a risky activity which may only last a few minutes or even seconds.
I would think bungee jumping to be a good example of such an activity. You jump from a high place (perhaps a bridge or a hot-air balloon) 200 metres above the ground with an elastic   rope tied to your ankles . You fall at up to 150 kilometres an hour until the rope stops you from hitting the ground. It is said that about 2 million people around the world have now tried bungee jumping. Other  risky activities include jumping from tall buildings and diving  into the water from the top of high places.
Why do people take part in such activities as these? Some psychologists suggest that it is because life in modern world has become safe and boring. Not very long ago, people's lives were often in danger. They had to go out and hunt for food, diseases could not easily be cured, and life was harder than that of the present days.
Nowadays, to many people, life offers little excitement. They live and work in safe conditions; they buy food in shops; and there are doctors and hospitals to look after them if they become ill. The answer for some of these people is to look for danger in activities such as bungee jumping.
The question is: More and more people today   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:are trying activities such as bungee jumping
B:are climbing the highest mountains
C:are coming close to death in sports
D:are looking for adventures such as travelling into exciting parts of the worldMr. Perkin did not like to be different from other people, so he always tried to wear the same clothes, eat the same food, and do the same things after work as others.
One day Mr. Perkin stood at the bus-stop. As he watched the cars go by, he noticed that many of them were new Beta 400s and most of them were yellow.
The following week, Mr. Perkin bought a new bright yellow Beta 400s. He was very pleased with it, and drove to work in it the next day. He was even more pleased with his new car, when he saw all the other Beta 400s, in front, behind, and on both sides of him.
Mr. Perkin parked his car near his office, and walked the rest of the way. But when he came back at five o'clock, there were so many bright yellow Beta 400s that Mr. Perkin didn't know which car was his. He tried his key in some of the cars, but people gave him a strange look which he didn't like, so he stopped.
Poor Mr. Perkin had to wait nearly two hours until there was only one yellow Beta 400S left.
The question is: Mr. Perkin tried his key in some of the cars   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:because he wanted to find his car in this way
B:because he wanted to steal a car like his
C:because he wanted to make jokes with others
D:because he had got a wrong keyToday Mike is playing near a river. Suddenly, his knife goes into the water. He likes the knife very much. Now it's lost. So he is very _ . Then an old woman comes up and asks Mike what is wrong."I lost my knife." He says. The old woman gives him a gold  knife and asks "Is it your knife?" "No," says the boy.
The old woman gives him a silver knife and asks again " And this one?" "No," says the boy.
Then she gives him an iron knife."Yes, that's mine." Calls out the happy boy.
The old woman says, "No, take the gold and silver knife. You are a good boy."
The question is: What happens to Mike when he is playing near a river?
The possible answers are:
A:His father gives him a knife.
B:He goes into the river.
C:An old woman goes into the water.
D:His knife goes into the water.Are fables and fairy tales  different or the same? They are both stories for children, but fables are stories for adults, too.
Fables are stories which are _ from grandparents to parents and then to children. People can learn much from them. The characters are mostly animals. They can talk and act like humans. The most famous fables were written by a man called Aesop. There are many famous fables in Aesop's Fables. The Lion and the Mouse and The Farmer and the Snake are two examples.
Fairy tales are usually stories for children. They are often about magic characters, for example, fairies and gods. Sometimes the characters are animals. We are able to enjoy these fairy tales because of the famous Brothers Grimm. They tried their best to collect these stories before people forgot. There are many fairy tales in Gimmes Fairy Tales, such as Little Red Riding Hood, Cinderella, The Frog Prince and Snow White.
The question is: Which of the following is TRUE?
The possible answers are:
A:People can learn nothing from fables.
B:Children may love reading fairy tales.
C:Aesop collected fairy tales before people forgot.
D:The characters in fairy tales are all real people.James shook his money box again. Nothing! He carefully counted the coins that lay on the bed. $24. 17 was all that he had. The bicycle he wanted was at least $90! How was he going to get the end of the money?
He knew that his friends all had bicycles. It was hard to hang around with people when you were the only one without wheels. He thought about what he could do. It was no use asking his parents, for he knew they had no money to save.
There was only one way to get money, and that was to earn it. He would have to find a job. But who would hire him and what could he do? He decided to ask Mr. Clay for advice, who usually had opinions on most things.
"Well, you can start right here," said Mr. Clay. "My windows need cleaning and my car needs washing. "
That was the beginning of James' part-time job. For three months he worked every day after finishing his homework. He was amazed by the different kinds of jobs that people found for him to do. He took dogs and babies for walks, cleared out cupboards, and mended books. He lost count of the number of cars he washed and windows he cleaned, but the money increased and he knew that he would soon have enough for the bicycle he was eager to have.
The day finally came when James counted his money and found $94. 32. He wasted no time and went down to the shop to pick up the bicycle he wanted. He rode proudly home, looking forward to showing his new bicycle to his friends. It had been hard working for the money, but James knew that he valued his bicycle far more since he had bought it with his own money.
The question is: James valued his bicycle very much because   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:it was very expensive
B:it was bought with his own money
C:he was too poor to have one
D:his friends all had bicycles.You can't see any object unless light from that object gets into your eyes.Some of the things you see give off light of their own. The sun,the stars,a lighted lamp are the examples that can be seen by their own light.But most of the things you see are not giving off light of their own.They are just reflecting light that falls on them from the sun or some other luminous bodies.The moon,for example,doesn't give off any light of its own.It is not 1uminous.You see it because sunlight falls on it and some of the sunlight reflects on the earth.So moonlight is only second--hand sunlight.
When you look at a book,it sends some of the light which fails on it to your eyes,and you see the book.If light could be kept out from where you're so that there would be no light from the book to reflect.Then you couldn't see the book even with your eyes wide open.Light travels so fast that the time in which it travels from the book you're reading to your eyes is as short as if there were no time at time.Light reaches us from the moon,which is about 380,000 kilometres away,in only a little more than a second.
The question is: Which of the following is TRUE?
The possible answers are:
A:All the things you can see give off light.
B:Light from the book is much faster than that from the moon.
C:The moment you open your eyes,the light from the book travels to your eyes.
D:Light travels so fast that there is no time for you to read.All students need to have good study habits .When you have good study habits, you learn things quickly. You also remember them easily.
Do you like to study in the living room? This is not a good place because it is usually too noisy. You need to study in a quiet place, like your bedroom. A quiet place will help you only think about one thing.
When you study, don't think about other things at the same time. Only think about your homework. If you do this, you will do your homework more quickly and you will make fewer mistakes.
Good study habits are very important. If you do not have them, try to learn them. If you are already good, try to make them better.
The question is: If you do not have good study habits, you must   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:try to learn them and have them
B:try to make them better
C:try to make fewer mistakes
D:try to do our homework quickly.A very young boy, Tom, lives a long way from the city. One day he goes to the city to visit his friend, Jack. Jack asks Tom to have lunch together. They go into the restaurant and sit down at a table. Tom looks around and he sees some old people put eye glasses on before reading their books, so after lunch he goes to a shop to buy some glasses, too. He walks along the road, and soon finds a shop. The man in the shop makes him try on a lot of glasses, but Tom always says, "No, I can't read with these."
The man in the shop becomes more and more puzzled  . At last he says, "Excuse me, but can't you read at all?"
"No, I can't." Tom says, "If I can read, do you think I come here to buy glasses?"
The question is: When does Tom go to the shop?
The possible answers are:
A:After lunch.
B:Before lunch.
C:In the morning.
D:In the evening.Mr. Lewis was a dance teacher. He was a nice man and always had a lot of students. One year he moved to a new town, and was soon teaching many students in the dance school there, but he decided to move again to a big city. He would have more work there.
When one of his students heard that he was going to leave, she said to him, "The new teacher won't be as good as you are." Mr. Lewis was happy when he heard this, but he said, "Oh no. I'm sure he'll be as good as I am ---- or even better." The student said, "No. Five teachers have come and gone while I've been here, and each new one was worse than the last."
The question is: From the story we can conclude  that the student wished   _
The possible answers are:
A:to have a better teacher
B:to have a worse teacher
C:to become a dance teacher
D:to see the sixth teacherThere is a famous English saying "You are what you eat", and _ means what you put in your mouth will become part of you. Many experts   use it to tell people it's important to have a good eating habit. For example, too much sweet food makes a person overweight . To avoid being fat, kids are told to keep off sweet food. But, a team of American scientists have found something new about eating sweet food.
"When we say some people 'sweet', we mean they are kind and friendly to us. Perhaps  this word can help us learn more about people's feelings and acts." said Brian Meier, a scientist from the study team. "Taste is something we experience every day. What we have done is to find whether we can know someone's character  and behavior  depending on their taste."
In one of their experiments ,  students were asked questions about their character-whether, for example, they were soft-hearted or not. Then they were asked to make a list of their favorite food. According to their answers, the scientists found that the students who liked sweet food were nicer.
In their another experiment, the scientists found that people who preferred sweet food such as cookies and chocolate were more willing to help other people in need, and those who ate non-sweet food such as chips weren't. For example, people with a sweet tooth were more likely to volunteer to clean up their city, visit sick children in the hospital and so on.
The result of the experiments is that people's helpfulness or being nice has something to do with their taste for sweet food. So eating sweet food is a useful way to make people nice and helpful. Next time, try some ice-cream.
,.
The question is: It can be learnt from the passage that  _
The possible answers are:
A:scientists asked college students questions about their future
B:scientists told college students not to eat sweet food
C:people with a sweet tooth are more willing to help others
D:people's character has nothing to do with their tasteIn Singapore,many middle school students spend a lot of their time on their studies. Good education is often regarded as a ticket to success in their future. So,many of these students try their best to get good grades in their examinations.They have a lot of homework every day and exams are a big headache.Sometimes,some of them are even made to go to remedial classes after schoo1.
Schools run programs outside school hours.The students can take part in sports and games,music and dance,hiking and rock-climbing ,etc.They are also very active in community service .
In their spare time,most students like to listen to pop music.And Hollywood blockbusters ,Hong Kong and Singapore movies are very popular among them.They understand IT very well.Some of them also spend their free time surfing the Internet,e-mailing their friends,playing computer and video games.
They sometimes go to cafes,fast-food restaurants,shopping centers and big bookstores.
So,it looks like life as a middle school student in Singapore is not easy but it is rich and colorful.
The question is: According to the passage,most students in Singapore like  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:watching movies
B:writing to their friends
C:talking to their friends
D:having examsLondon Time, July 7, 1992
Mountaineer Jean-Marc came back to London yesterday. He was welcomed by all the people in the city. But the 28-year-old Frenchman was very modest. "I'm not a hero," he said in London Guild Hall, "It was something I wanted to do, so I did it."
Jean-Marc climbed the world's highest mountain, K2 in the Himlayas, with English Climbing Team one month ago. He was the only one who climbed up. He was the first Frenchman to reach the peak . When he got to the peak, his tears fell. He was so glad.
Yesterday his wife went to London to meet him. These years she always helping him to do his job. Jean-Marc said, "Because my wife gave me so much help, I won. I love her very much. And now we'll have a month's holiday in America."
The question is: On the afternoon of July 6, 1992, Jean-Marc was in   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:America
B:the Himlayas
C:London
D:FranceWe all know that exercise is good for your health. But some kinds of exercise may be better than others. Running, for example, may help to protect against heart disease and other health problems. Running may also help you live longer.
Recently, researchers studied more than 55,000 adults. About a quarter of the adults have a good habit of running. The study found these runners were much healthier than non-runners. In fact, the runners lived, on average , three years longer than the non-runners.
Running may be good exercise, but it can be difficult on the body. Here are commonly shared ideas among fitness experts  to lower the risk of injury  for people who are new to running.
[?]Take it easy.
Do not run too much, too soon or too fast. Most people get running injuries when they push themselves too hard. The body needs time to get used to increases in distance  or speed.
[?] Get good running shoes.
There is no single best shoe for every runner. You should find the shoe that offers the best fit and support for your feet. More importantly, you should have a new pair of shoes every 500 to 800 kilometers.
[?]Take good notes.
Take time after each run to write down notes about what you did and how you felt. Look for things that happen again and again. For example, you may find that your knees hurt when you run sometimes. But perhaps you feel great when you have a rest between running days. These notes will help you make the best plan for running.
The question is: The passage is written to   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:provide information for the researchers to work better
B:warn the non-runners of the dangers in running
C:help runners to exercise in a scientific way
D:encourage as many people as possible to join in runningWant to save the environment? You probably can't fix everything on your own, but by taking small steps and keeping the environment in mind every day, you can make a difference,
1. Think Green. Challenge yourself to think about the environment as you live your life. If you shut off lights when you leave the room, turn off your TV when you're not watching it, you'll save energy. If you take shorter showers, you'll save water.
2. Shop Green. Shopping is fun, but buying things you don't need is wasteful and bad for the earth. Before you buy something, ask yourself how much you'll really use it. Keep yourself away from buying products with unnecessary packaging  , and whenever possible, buy things that were locally made instead of those shipped from far away.
3. Dress Green. Wear green trousers and T-shirts if you want. But what really matters isn't the colour, it's how the clothes were made. If you want to help the environment, the best place to find clothes is at _ , but you might not want to buy everything used. No matter where you shop, keep an eye out for products made from environmentally friendly materials like organic  cotton, which is grown without the use of pesticides ( ).
4. Study Green. What's better than learning about the environment? Save it while you learn, It can be as simple as using both sides of a piece of paper before you recycle it, or reusing an old textbook :instead of buying a new one. If you want to do more, join an environmental group at your school, and encourage your friends to join, too.
The question is: Which of the following acts does not agree with the writer's green ideas?
The possible answers are:
A:Taking shorter showers.
B:Buying products with unnecessary packaging.
C:Wearing clothes made from organic materials.
D:Using both sides of a piece of paw.Seed of Kindness
Jim, a successful businessman, told the experience of his childhood.
When he was 12, his parents died. He was alone and didn't get on well with others. People always laughed at him. No one showed kindness to him.
His only friend was a dog named Tige. He gave his dog enough to eat and drink, but sometimes he was not polite to it. He didn't know that an unkind work sometimes could cut one's heart like a knife.
One day as he walked down the street, a young lady was walking in front of him. Suddenly one of her bags dropped from her arms. As she stopped to pick it up, she dropped other bags. He came to help her."Thank you, dear! You are a nice little boy!"she said kindly, smiling.
A special feeling came to him. These were the first kind words he had ever heard. He watched her until she went far away, and then he whistled to his dog happily and went directly to the river nearby.
"Thank you, dear! You are a nice little boy!"he repeatedthe woman's words. Then in a low voice he said to his dog,"You are a nice little dog!"Tige raised its ears as if it understood.
"Uhum! Even a dog likes it!"he said,"Well, Tige, I won't say unkind words to you anymore."Tige waved its tail happily.
The boy thought and thought. Finally he looked at himself in the river. He saw nothing but a dirty boy. He washed his face carefully. Again he looked. He saw a clean nice boy. He was amazed. From then on, he had a new life.
After telling this, the businessman stopped for a while, and then he said,"Ladies and gentlemen, this is the very place where that kind woman planted in me the first seed of kindness. All of us should learn about kindness. What a great powerit has!"
The question is: One day as Jim walked down the street,   _   .
The possible answers are:
A:he said kind words to the lady
B:he looked at himself in the river
C:he saw a young lady dropped her bags
D:he told the experience of his childhoodJack drives a school bus.His bus is different from other school buses because it doesn't carry children.Jack's bus takes dogs to school in the morning and brings them home at night.Jack takes the dogs to "The Dog School".There four men teach the dogs to obey and protect their owners.All kinds of dogs go to the school--large dogs,small dogs,young dogs and old dogs Jack says that young dogs are the easiest to teach,but the old ones can learn,too.
Do you have a dog? Maybe it would like to go to "The Dog School".
The question is: Jack   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:is a bus driver
B:has a school for dogs
C:keeps a dog in his house
D:teaches children at schoolFat and shy, Ben Saunders was the last kid in his class picked for any sports team. "Football, tennis, cricket -- anything with a round ball, I was useless," he says now with a laugh. But back then he was the one always made fun of in school gym classes in Devonshire, England.
It was a mountain bike he received for his 15thbirthday that changed him. At first he went biking alone in a nearby forest. Then he began to ride the bike along with a runner friend. Gradually, Saunders set up his mind on building up his body, increasing his speed and strength. At the age of 18, he ran his first marathon.
The following year he met John Ridgway and started to work as a teacher at Ridgway's school of adventure in Scotland, where he learnt about Ridgway's cold--waterexploits. Greatly interested, Saunders read all he could about North Pole explorers and adventures; he decided that this would be his future.
In 2001, after becoming a skillful skier, Saunders started his first long--distance expedition   towards the North Pole. It took unbelievable energy. He suffered frostbite, ran into a polar bear and pushed his body to the limit, pulling his sled up and over the rocky mountains.
Saunders has become the youngest person to ski alone to the North Pole, and he's skied more of the North Pole by himself than any other British man. His old playmates would not believe the change.
The question is: What does the story mainly tell us about Saunders?
The possible answers are:
A:He is a success in sports.
B:He is the youngest British skier.
C:He is Ridgway's best student.
D:He is a good teacher at school.Frank Brown doesn' t have a soccer ball, but his brother Alan does. They go to the same school and they love soccer. They play it at school with their friends. They think it's relaxing.
Gina Smith has two soccer balls, three volleyballs, four basketballs and five baseballs and bats. She loves sports, but she doesn't play them--she only watches them on TV!
Wang Wei doesn't have a soccer. He thinks soccer is difficult. He likes ping-pong. It's not difficult for him. He has three ping-pong balls and two ping-pong bats. After class, he plays ping-pong with his classmates.
The question is: Alan thinks it's  _   for him to play soccer at school with his friends.
The possible answers are:
A:difficult
B:relaxing
C:not difficult
D:funThe King lived a small house near New York with their child . Sometimes Mr King came back from work very late. When his wife and the child were asleep, he opened the front door of his house with his key and came in very quietly.
But one night when he was coming home late, he lost his key. So when he reached his house , he rang the bell. Nothing happened. He rang it again. Again nothing happened. Nobody moved inside the house. Mr King knocked at the bedroom window. He spoke to his wife, he shouted, but she didn't wake up. At last he stopped and thought for a minute. Then he began to speak like a small child. "Mum," he said, "I want to go to the toilet." He spoke quietly, but at once Mrs King woke up. Then he spoke to her, and she opened the door for him.
The question is: At last  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:Mrs King opened the door for Mr King
B:his child opened the door for Mr King
C:Mr King opened the door by force
D:Mr King opened the door with his wife's keyKorean culture is really exciting right now. The Korean Wave is sweeping Asian countries including China. Young people are going crazy about Korean TV dramas, Korean pop songs, taekwondo and the Korean language.
The Korean Wave started a few years ago with the TV series "Winter Sonata". This love story is still popular. People, especially girls, like the beautiful story and handsome actors like Bae Yong Jun  .
In the music world, Korean girls are making themselves heard in China. You can often find big Korean names like Baby Vox, S. E. S and Finkle at the top of the Chinese music charts  .
The Korean Wave has also made young people want to try the clothes and hairstyles of pop stars, too. Not only that. Now some girls in China are having plastic surgery   to change the way they look. People say some beautiful Korean stars have had plastic surgery. These stars don't make plastic surgery look shameful  .
Are all the faces of beautiful Korean girls not real? Find out for yourself when you next visit South Korea.
The question is: Korean stars often change their looks by    _   .
The possible answers are:
A:singing pop songs
B:acting in TV dramas
C:trying different food
D:having plastic surgeryI'm John.My father is a factory manager.He comes from America.My mother is a teacher.She's English.She can speak some Chinese.She is an English teacher at schoo1.I'm a student in my mother's schoo1.At school I can play with my Chinese friends.We can play football,basketball and table tennis.My mother can play the piano and tennis.She can also  sing well.
The question is: John's father is  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:in a school
B:in a factory
C:in a hotel
D:in a hospitalThe first Thanksgiving was in 1621. Each year, we celebrate Thanksgiving on the fourth Thursday of November. What do American children think of Thanksgiving? This is what some of them wrote.
Thanksgiving is a holiday to say "Thank you". It means eating turkey and having a special party with your family.
Thanksgiving is giving thanks to people that help you. I think it is a special holiday. You give thanks to your family and your friends.
Annie
Lots of people have done things for me that I like. Lots of people like to make me happy, like my mum.
Many people have done things for me and make sure I am all right. I am pleased that people care about me.
Most people I know give me money or presents at Thanksgiving. Sometimes people take me to visit places or ask me to their houses.
I like to do nice things for other people. Also I hope people help me when I get old.
Jeremy
Once we were at my grandparents' house during Thanksgiving and we went to the store to buy a turkey, but they didn't have any, so we had to buy a live one. When we went out to kill it, it had gone! There was nothing left except feathers . That year we had to eat chicken instead of  turkey.
Eleanor
I'm thankful for having a really good mum who looks after me so well and having good teachers and especially Ms. McMillan because she helps to try new things. I love all my family.
I enjoy Thanksgiving because I eat turkey with all my family and I love it.
Ryan
The question is: When was the first Thanksgiving?
The possible answers are:
A:In 1621.
B:In 2012.
C:In 1921.
D:In 2011.Lion is a special animal to Chinese people. A couple of stone lions, a male   and a female  , can often be seen in front of the gates of old buildings. The male lion is on the left with his right paw   on a ball, and the female on the right. And her left paw is touching a baby animal.
The lion is the king in the animal world because he is powerful. The ball shows the country or the family will be together forever, and the baby animal with the female shows that you will have many children.
The stone lions were also used to show the families were powerful. If you had no money or power, you couldn't put the stone lions in front of your houses.
It was also popular to make bridges with stone lions. The best known of this is the Lugou Bridge (also as Marco Polo Bridge), built from 1189 to 1192. The stone lions on the bridge are most famous. Maybe there are 485 lions in all, maybe there are 498 or 501. A famous saying is that "the lions on the Lugou Bridge are uncountable ."
The question is: How many stone lions can often be seen in front of some old houses?
The possible answers are:
A:2
B:3
C:1
D:4Betty is an American girl. She is thirteen. She is in Beijing with her parents. She doesn't know much Chinese. She can't speak Chinese well. Sometimes her friends don't understand her.
It's Sunday morning. She's going to the zoo to see the pandas. She's waiting  at the bus stop. At the bus stop she asks a Chinese boy how to go to the zoo. But the boy can't understand her. Then she takes out a pen and some paper. She draws a panda on the paper and shows the picture to the boy. The boy smiles and then shows her the way to the zoo.
The question is: The boy  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:shows her the way to the zoo
B:doesn't know the way
C:goes to the zoo with her
D:gives a map to herThere are many kinds of cars in the world. My grandmother thinks that is because cars are like their drivers. She says, "Rich people have expensive cars, big people have large cars, and old people have old cars," But I don't agree with her.
My neighbor, Mrs. Hill, is 82 years old. She drives only on Tuesday, and she drives only to the bank. She never drives more than 30 kilometers an hour. Do you think Mrs. Hill has a very old and small car? No! Her car is new. It is very large and it can go 200 kilometers an hour! My friend Mike is an artist. He draws beautiful pictures with a lot of colors. But his car is black! Mrs. Bates has a very old car. It often has engine  trouble. Does she have that kind of car because she is very poor? No, she has four factories and two million dollars in the bank. My aunt Mary has a car. Every Sunday, she drives to the country with her husband, her three children , her mother and their dog.
Now you read about my friends and their cars. Do you agree with my grandmother?
The question is: There are   _   people in my aunt's car on Sunday?
The possible answers are:
A:5
B:6
C:7
D:8Mr Ling lives in China. He worked in a factory and last year he retired. His wife died five years ago and his son works in Japan. He always has sports and he is in good health.
One day his son called him and asked him to have a journey to Tokyo. He was very happy. He was afraid to travel by plane and took the ship.
On the first morning on the ship Mr Ling met an Englishman at table. The man said to him, "Good morning!"
He thought the Englishman told his name to him. So he stood up and said, "Ling Bing!"
And it was repeated a few mornings and Mr Ling told a teacher about it. Hearing him, the teacher began to laugh and said, "He says hello to you in the morning."
The next morning, when Mr Ling met the Englishman, he said, "Good morning!"
And the Englishman stood up and said, "Ling Bing,sir."
The question is: The old man stays at home   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:with his wife
B:with his son
C:with his daughter
D:by himselfWhat do you do in a situation like this? You're calling dinner with friends at a nice restaurant. You're having a great time when a phone rings at the table next to you. A man takes out his phone and starts talking loudly about problems he's having with his girlfriend. He talks for almost ten minutes! This happens all the time-on buses, in restaurants, everywhere!
Many people find cell phones useful in their daily lives. But we've all sat next to someone talking too loudly on a cell phone. You may want to tell the loudmouth to end the conversation, but let the management take care of those noisy customers. You can only control your own behavior. Here are a few rules:
Off means off! Follow the rules of restaurants and other public places . If a sign says "turn off cell phones", don't use your phone. If you are allowed, speak softly and for a short time and try to move away form other people.
Lights off, phone off! Never make calls in a theater or at the movies.
Pay attention! Talking on a cell phone while driving is dangerous. And watch where you're going when you're walking down the streets and talking on the phone.
As more people use cell phones, things are only going to get worse. So, the next time you're getting ready to make a call, stop and consider the people around you.
The question is: From the passage we can infer that   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:cell phones have become the most useful tool in our life
B:public manners play an important role in our life
C:cell phones lead to people's bad relationship
D:people ought to turn cell phones off in a public placesPeople drink tea. There are many kinds of tea, such as black tea, green tea, white tea and yellow tea. People drink a lot of tea in China. Some people drink it because they think it makes them healthy. Many people drink it because it tastes very good. It is delicious.
People drink a lot of tea in Japan. People drink a lot of green tea in South Korea, too. In Vietnam, people like to drink coffee first. Then they drink tea.
People drink a lot of tea in England. Every afternoon, people drink tea. It's "tea time". English people like to drink their tea with milk in it.
Many people drink black tea in the US. In the South, people like to drink sweet tea. Sweet tea is cold black tea with sugar in it.
Most tea comes from China. Some tea comes from India or Sri Lanka. Kenya, Japan and Indonesia also grow tea.
The question is: People like to drink coffee before tea in
The possible answers are:
A:Japan
B:South Korea
C:Vietnam
D:Sri LankaLife in the future will be different from life today.
The population  is growing fast. There will be more people in the world and most of them will live longer.
Computer will be much smaller and more useful, and there will be at least one in each home. And computer science will be one of the most important subjects in school then.
People will work fewer hours than they do now, and they will have more free time for sports, watching TV and travel.
Our food will be different, too. More land  will be used for building new towns and houses for people. So there will be less land for cows and sheep, and meat will be more expensive. Maybe no one will eat it one day. They will eat more fruits and vegetables.
Work in the future will also be different. Robots will do dangerous and hard work. Because of this, many people will have no jobs to do. This will be a big problem in the future.
,.
The question is: Every family will have at least one   _   in the future.
The possible answers are:
A:TV
B:robot
C:cow
D:computerWhen we can see well, we do not think about our eyes often: It is only when we cannot see perfectly that we come to see how important our eyes are.
People who are nearsighted  can only see things that are very close to their eyes. Many people who do a lot of close work, such as writing and reading, become nearsighted. Then they have to wear glasses in order to see distant things clearly.
People who are farsighted face just the opposite problem. They can see things that are far away, but they have difficulty reading a book if they don't hold it at arm's length. If they want to do much reading, they must get glasses too.
Other people do not see clearly because their eyes are not exactly the right shape. This, too, can be corrected by glasses. Some people's eyes become cloudy because of cataracts  . Long ago these people often became blind. Now, however, it is possible to operate on the cataracts and remove them.
When night falls, colors become fainter  to the eyes and finally disappear. After your eyes have grown used to the dark, you can see better if you use the side of your eyes rather than the centers. Sometimes, after dark, you see a small thing to one side of you. It seems to disappear if you turn your head in its direction. This is because when you turn your head, you are looking at the thing too directly. Men on guard duty sometimes think they see something moving to one side of them. When they turn to look straight at it, they cannot see it anymore, and they believe they were mistaken. However, this mistake happens because the center of the eye, which is very sensitive   in daylight, is not as sensitive as the sides of the eye after dark,
The question is: To see a small thing at night, we need to look   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:with wide open eyes
B:with half shut eyes
C:straight at it
D:in a slightly different directionMr. Evens works in Sydney. Last week he had a two weeks' holiday, but he didn't know where to go. He said to his friend Robert, "I hate the hot weather here, but I can't find a cool place in Australia. How will I take my holiday?"
"That's easy," said Robert. "You'd better go to Moscow. Snow and ice are covering the ground now."
Mr. Evens agreed with his friend. He bought an air ticket and soon arrived in Moscow. He made a happy journey  there. But one day He got into trouble. After lunch he went to a park outside the city. He saw a dog following him while he was walking past a house. It was hungry and wished him to give it some food to eat. Bad luck! He had no piece of bread or cake in his pockets. He tried to send it away, but it began to bark at him. He wanted to look for a stick but couldn't find anything except snow and ice. Suddenly he saw a stone in the ground. He tried to pick it up but he failed.
"How strange Russians  are!" Mr. Evens said to himself. "They do not tie their dogs, but firmly  tie the ground!"
The question is: Mr. Evens wouldn't spend his holiday in Australia because  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:it was very hot in his country
B:he liked to make a long journey
C:he had never been to Moscow before
D:Robert told him to leave his country351 Gardener Street
Los Angeles, CA90031
September 12
Relex Company
37 Pearl Street
Clifton, NJ07013
Dear Sir or Madam:
A year ago I bought a Relex camera second hand. It's a SW 705 model, and it's about five years old. Here's my problem: The light metre was fine when I bought the camera, but now it isn't working and my pictures are coming out too dark. I checked the batteries, and they are still good. I took the camera to some repair shops, but they said they couldn't repair it because the model is too old and they don't have the necessary part.
Do you have the parts for this model in stock? If so, could I send you the camera for repairs? How much would the repairs cost? I'm going to buy your new SW800 model in about six months, but I would still like to fix this old one.
Thank you very much.
Sincerely yours
Sarah H, McDaniel
The question is: What's wrong with Sarah's photos?
The possible answers are:
A:They aren't light enough.
B:They aren't dark enough.
C:You can't see them
D:They are too colourful.Dear Amy
How are you? Mum, Dad and I went to Thailand last week. We had a great time!
We arrived at the airport early on Friday morning. I chose a window seat on the plane. I could see the clouds clearly from the window. They looked soft and shiny. Four hours later, we landed in Thailand.
We stayed at a hotel in Pattaya on our first day. We went to the beach. We played different water sports there. We had so much fun! We were tired when we got back to the hotel.
On the next day, we went to Bangkok. We visited two temples there. They looked like golden bells with pointed tops. We took some photos outside the temples and had a walk in the gardens. In the evening, we had dinner at a restaurant next to a lake. The food was very _ so I kept drinking cold water!
On the last day, we hung out at a shopping mall. Mum bought a beautiful tea set. Dad bought some T-shirts and I bought some dried mangoes  . We went to the airport after lunch. I was lucky because I got a window seat again. This time I could see the beautiful sunset  .
We enjoyed the trip very much. I hope we will go on another trip again soon.
Love
Polly
The question is: In this letter, Polly mainly told Amy about  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:his weekend
B:his holiday plan
C:his trip to Thailand
D:his views of ThailandJames Naismith was a Canadian. He invented basketball in 1891. At that time. He was a P.E. teacher a Springfield College,. In the USA.. He invented an indoor game for his students so that they could play it even in bad weather.
Do you know how to score points in the game? Well, just put the ball into the other side's basket. You can throw the ball into the basket from any part if the court. And you can throw it with one hand or both hands. But you must follow the rules.
Now, over a century later,. More and more people play basketball ..In the USA. ,the NBA is very popular. People from all over the world like to watch and play basketball. They love this game.
,A, B, C, D,. (10)
The question is: What did James Naismith do?
The possible answers are:
A:a doctor
B:a student
C:a worker
D:a teacherSandra usually gets up at six in the morning. She usually has breakfast at six thirty. She goes to school at around seven o'clock. School starts at seven thirty.
Sandra learns many subjects at school: math, English, science, history, art, music and PE. Her favorite subject is music. It's relaxing, and the music teacher is fun.
Sandra has four classes in the morning. At eleven forty she comes home for lunch. She has lunch with her grandmother. In the afternoon, she isn't very busy. She has only two classes. After school she does her homework and plays with other kids.
In the evening, Sandra's parents come home from work at five o'clock. The family have dinner at six. After that they usually listen to music or watch TV. Sandra goes to bed at nine thirty. Her grandmother goes to bed at nine, and her parents go to bed at around ten o'clock.
The question is: Sandra's favorite subject is    _   .
The possible answers are:
A:math
B:music
C:history
D:artAn unpleasant habit of announcing the death of a celebrity has sprung in recent years, when in fact the subject is alive and well. The latest blatantly false was the supposed death of Hong Kong action star Jackie Chan from a heart attack.
It spread rapidly on the Chinese blogosphere and Twitter in the West, and there was even, supposedly, a message from US President Barack Obama paying homage to the martial arts hero. "Jackie Chan is a man who can talk through talent, he is a constant reminder of the strength of humanity. He will forever be in our hearts, a true inspiration who inspired many generations,"
Cruelly, it was the actor's son, Jaycee Chan, who had to prove if the news was true, by making a phone call and finding him, fortunately, "busy as hell" organizing, with other Hong Kong celebrities, a charity concert on Friday to raise money for those struck down by the earthquake in Japan. Jaycee Chan described the false news as an "insane joke", but Jackie Chan was not angry at the news. He said, " It is not the first time to hear that I was dead."
The Hong Kong-based The Sun Newspaper reported on Wednesday that a blogger with the handle "SKIPHOPZ" was the source of the false news.
, .
The question is: We can find from the article that  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:It spread slowly on the Chinese blogosphere and Twitter in the West
B:The US President Barack Obama paid homage to the martial arts hero.
C:Jackie Chan was angry at the false news.
D:A blogger with the handle "SKIPHOPZ" was the source of the false news.I am a boy from the USA. Now I go to school in China. I have Chinese food now, I like it. I usually have porridge and milk for breakfast at home with my parents. Sometimes I have some small cakes, too. But I don't have lunch at home. I have it at school with my classmates . I usually have meat or fish, rice and vegetables for lunch. After lunch I have some fruit. I get home at half past four in the afternoon. So I have supper with my parents again. Sometimes we go out for supper. My mother often cooks supper. Sometimes my sister does it. We usually have rice, fish, meat, vegetables and fruit juice for supper. We sometimes have noodles and dumplings. After supper, I often have some fruit. I like apples very much.
,.
The question is: How many people are there in the boy's family?
The possible answers are:
A:Three
B:Four
C:Five
D:SixIt was a Saturday in May. When Mrs. Black opened the door and looked out, she smiled and said, "It's a beautiful day." She woke her small son up at eight thirty and said to him, " Get up, Tod. Let's go to the zoo today. Wash your hands and face, brush your teeth and eat your breakfast quickly. We are going to New York by train."
Tod was six years old. He was very happy now, because he liked going to the zoo very much, and he also liked going by train. He said, "I dreamed about  the zoo last night, Mummy."[:++Z+X+X+K]
His mother was busy, but she stopped and smiled at her little son, "And what did you do in the zoo in your dream?" Tod laughed and answered, "You know, Mummy! You were there in my dream, too."
The question is: What time did Tod get up ?  _
The possible answers are:
A:Before8:30
B:At8:30
C:After 8:30
D:Between 8:30 and 9:30Henry is a naughty boy in Bayern, Germany. He has big eyes and a small mouth. One day, Henry is playing in front of a house. A woman comes up. She has small eyes. And she asks Henry, "Little boy, is your mother at home?"
"Yes, she is." answers the boy. And Henry goes on playing happily.
Then the woman goes over to ring the bell. The bell rings and rings, but no one comes to open the door. The woman gets angry and calls out to him, " You tell me your mother is at home, don't you?"
"Yes," the boy answers. "My mother is at home, but this isn't my home."
Then the woman stares at   Henry. The boy says, "You have big eyes, too!"
The question is: In the story the woman doesn't find Henry's mother because   _   .
The possible answers are:
A:she doesn't know Henry's mother
B:Henry is not at home.
C:Henry doesn't have a mother
D:she goes to the wrong houseMy name is Donna and I have two sisters, Liza and Rita. We like hamburgers and milk for lunch. Lisa and I like chicken, but Rita doesn't. I don't like noodles  for breakfast, but Liza and Rita do. I like porridge  for breakfast. We really like vegetables and eggs for dinner.
The question is: I like   _   for breakfast.
The possible answers are:
A:vegetables
B:chicken
C:noodles
D:porridgeLi Ming likes walking. He goes for a walk after his father comes back from work. Li Ming likes water very much. He often throws his toys into the water. He plays with the water and sometimes he is wet all over . His mother says, "You are from fish, I think."Li Ming is very glad. "Yes, I like fish very much because fish can swim."
One Sunday morning, Li Ming goes to a park with his father. There are many trees and flowers in the park. There are a lot of people in the park. Some of them are sitting under the trees. Some of them are sitting at the tables and having tea or drinks. There is a big swimming pool in the middle of the park. Li Ming asks his father to take him to the pool.
"Why do you want to go there?" asks his father.
"I want to learn swimming,"answers Li Ming. "And you can teach me , I think."
"You are too young. And I'm sorry I can't swim." says his father.
"You can't swim? Wang Hai's father swims very well. Why can't you swim?"
"His father likes eating fish. So he swims very well." Says his father.
"Oh, I see,"says Li Ming. "But you like eating chicken very much. Can you lay eggs ?"asks Li Ming.
,.
The question is: Li Ming doesn't go to school because he is too  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:small
B:tall
C:young
D:shortSchool cleaning day
Today is Saturday. It is our cleaning day. The pupils of our class are cleaning our classroom. Mary is cleaning the door. She is standing on a chair. Tom and some others are cleaning the windows. Some of us are sweeping the floor. Others are cleaning the desks and chairs. I am taking down the old pictures and putting up some new ones. Our teacher is in the classroom,too. She is helping us to put the desks and chairs in order.
The question is: The pupils are    _
The possible answers are:
A:standing on a chair
B:cleaning the window
C:cleaning the desks
D:cleaning the classroomWhen tea and coffee were first introduced to Europe in the 18th century, people had different ideas about their use.Some said that tea and coffee were harmful to humans and they could cause  people to die.
In Sweden , King Gustaf III decided to find out whether or not this was true.It happened that there were two brothers in prison at that time.They were twins and were almost alike in every way.They had both been sentenced to death  .The King decided to let them live if one of the men agreed to drink several cups of tea each day and the other several cups of coffee.
Both brothers lived many years without problems of any kind.At last,the brother who had drunk tea every day died at the age of 83,the other died a few years later.
Because of the experiment , tea and coffee got accepted   and became popular as drink in Sweden, and it is one of the many countries of the world where much tea and coffee is drunk today.
The question is: The brother who had drunk tea every day lived  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:until he was over 83
B:until he was 83
C:until the other had been dead for several years
D:until he had drunk tea for a few yearsOne morning, it was already a quarter to eight when I got up. I was afraid that I would be late so I put on my clothes hurriedly and left without breakfast.
There were so many people at the bus stop that it was not easy to catch a bus. Five minutes went by, I still couldn't get on one. The only thing I could do was to walk. I rushed through the crowded and ran towards my school. Unexpectedly, I hit an old woman, and she fell down. Without saying sorry, I left her and went on my way.
That evening, when I was back from school, I learned that the old woman was badly hurt in the leg from the fall. Some kind people sent her to a hospital after I left. I felt very sorry and nearly cried. The only way for me to ask her pardon was to pay her a visit.
The next day, I went to the hospital, I met the old woman and told her who I was. At first I thought that she would give me _ To my surprise, she didn't, but smiled. For me, that smile was worse. She touched my hand and said, "Never mind, my girl, I knew you didn't want to hurt me, did you? Don't worry, I will be better soon."
The question is: The writer had to walk to school because   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:he got up early
B:he hit the woman the bus
C:the bus was late
D:it was difficult to get onHello! I am Tommy. This is my classroom  . 33 desks and 32 chairs are in it. These are my desk and chair. They are yellow. What's on the desk? It's my backpack. It's green. What's on the chair? It's my jacket. It's blue. What's under the desk? It's a white school ID card. Is it my school ID card? No, it's David's. His name is on it. Is it a hat under the chair? Yes, it is. It's my new   hat. It's black. My mother buys   it for me.
,.
The question is: Tommy's   _   is blue.
The possible answers are:
A:backpack
B:jacket
C:school ID card
D:hatPeter was a small boy. He lived with his parents in a small house near some hills .The people there were all poor .One night it was very dry and windy .When everybody was asleep,Peter suddenly heard some noise .It came out from the kitchen . He got up and walked to the kitchen .He found that the wood beside the stove   was burning .There was no water tap   in the house,so he could not put out   the fire .He shouted loudly to wake up everyone in the house .Then he ran out of his house and knocked on the doors of many houses to wake the people up .They all left their houses quickly .At last the fire was put out by the firemen .Many houses were burnt .But nobody was hurt in the fire .
The question is: Peter lived with his   _
The possible answers are:
A:sisters
B:brothers
C:uncles
D:parentsGreat Sale at Jenny's
Come to Jenny's great sale on clothes, things for your room and things for school. We have jackets in black and brown for thirty-five dollars, sweaters in blue and red for fifteen dollars and bags in green and yellow for five dollars.
See our great tables, beds and chairs. Get a new bookcase in brown and white for all your books. At Jenny's sale, they are only twenty dollars! Tomorrow is New Year's Day. Come to Jenny's store today! One day only! Everything is at the lowest price.
The question is: What's the date today?
The possible answers are:
A:January 1st
B:December 30th
C:December 31st.
D:December 25th.A well-known poem by Tang dynasty poet Du Mu tells of a scene in early April: "Rains fall heavily as Qingming comes, and passersby with lowered spirits go."
This scene takes place on Tomb Sweeping Day, also known as Qingming Festival. Tomb Sweeping Day is a traditional Chinese festival. Tomb Sweeping Day is a traditional Chinese festival. It began in the Zhou dynasty, over 2, 500 years ago. Chinese people celebrate it to remember and honor their ancestors . This year, it falls on April 4. Tomb Sweeping Day became a public holiday in the Chinese mainland in 2008. People have one day off for that day.
On this day. families bring flowers, food and wine to the grave sites  of their ancestors. They place cakes, fruits in front of the grave and some may bum joss paper as money for the dead. After that, they sweep the tombs and cherish  the memories of their dead family members.
Tomb Sweeping Day gives us a chance to show respect to our ancestors and family members who have passed away and show that we miss them. This tradition shows that family values are an important part of Chinese culture.
Tomb Sweeping Day is also the beginning of the time for gardening and outdoor activities in China. Families often get together for outings or to fly kites at this time.
The question is: What does the passage mainly discuss?
The possible answers are:
A:People bring many things to the grave site.
B:Du Mu wrote a poem about Qingming Festival.
C:Tome Sweeping Day is a traditional Chinese festival.
D:Qingming Festival is a good time for outdoor activities.China has Mid-Autumn Festival. Canada and the US have Thanksgiving Day. Many countries around the world have harvest festivals. This is the best time for the harvest. Every year in the United States, Thanksgiving Day is on the fourth Thursday of November. But in Canada, people have Thanksgiving Day on the second Monday in October, because Canada is north of the United States, and it is colder, the harvest comes earlier in the year.
The harvest brings a lot of food to the people. On Thanksgiving Day, people in Canada and America like to have a big meal with their friends and family--just like Chinese people do at Mid-Autumn Festival. Many Canadians and Americans put flowers, vegetables, and fruits around their homes to say "Thank you" for the harvest.
The question is: The Americans and the Chinese both  _  at their harvest festival.
The possible answers are:
A:have a big family dinner
B:put flowers around their homes
C:say thank you
D:celebrate ThanksgivingAt the World Expo Shanghai 2010, you will be able to see the world in just one day.
The World Expo (short for "exposition") is the third largest world event after the Olympics and the FIFA World Cup. Countries build pavilions  at the Expo, showing off technologies and cultures with colorful exhibitions and performances.
People can experience the most advanced technologies at the World Expo. Throughout history, many new inventions have made their debuts  at the World Expo, including the TV, telephone and even the ice cream cone.
But the Expo is not just a trade fair . It's a platform  for cultural exchange, bringing people closer to the rest of the world.
For example, at the Shanghai Expo, couples may be able to marry in French-style weddings at the France Pavilion. Thailand will let visitors walk into its emperor's palace. Visitors to the Austria Pavilion will have the chance to experience the snow-capped mountains of the country.
Many countries have also decided to bring their national treasures to the event.
Since the 1993 Expo in Chicago, the World Expo began to focus on one theme. It changed from a show into a community event. Visitors are invited to help solve global issues, such as environmental problems.
The theme of the Shanghai Expo is "Better city, better life". It will call on the world to solve the problems human beings face as a result of urbanization . In the future, more and more people may care about protecting the places they live in.
The question is: Which of the following is NOT true at the World Expo in this passage?
The possible answers are:
A:People can experience the most advanced technologies.
B:Couples may be able to marry in French-style weddings at the France Pavilion.
C:Visitors can walk into the emperor's palace of Thailand.
D:Australia Pavilion will let the visitors experience the snow-capped mountains of the country.Swimmers wanted  
Can you swim? Do you like children? Can you help them with swimming on weekends?
Come and join us. Call Jane at 330-9786
Chess Club
Do you like to play chess? Do you want to play chess well? Mr. Chen can teach you.
You can come here every Friday afternoon.
Tel: 6723-1940  Add  : Room 102 in School's P.E. Building
Let's learn English
Can you speak English? Do you want to learn English? Join the English Club now.
Time: 9:00 a.m. --- 11:30 a.m. (from Monday to Friday)
Call Henry at 543-1248
Musicians   Wanted
Boys and girls, are you music lovers? Can you sing or dance? Can you play any instruments  ? Welcome to our Star Rock Band  .
Please call Victor at 891-3453 or send an e-mail to music@yahoo.com.
The question is: Judy can speak English very well and she teaches children English. She works from Monday to Friday. Where does she work?
The possible answers are:
A:The Star Rock Band.
B:The Chess Club.
C:The English Club.
D:The Football Club.Tom and Mike were good friends. Sometimes they were kind to each other, sometimes they were not. But all of their classmates said they were like brothers.
One day they went out for a walk together. At noon they were very hungry and they went into a restaurant to have lunch. The waiter came up to them and asked,"What can I do for you?"
"Please bring us two apples first." said Tom.
When the waiter put two apples on the table, Mike took the bigger one at once. Tom got angry,
"You are impolite,Mike. Why don't you take the smaller one?" Tom said.
"But I am right."said Mike with a smile,"if I let you take first, which one will you choose?"
"Of course I'11 take the smaller one. "said Tom.
"Yes."Mike said,"If you take the smaller one,the bigger one will still be mine. Don't you think so?"
"Oh!"Tom couldn't answer.
The question is: Who took the apple first?   _
The possible answers are:
A:Mike
B:Tom
C:Both Tom and Mike
D:The waiterDo as the Romans Do
The customs in different countries are rather different. If I have dinner with a Chinese host, he always puts more food onto my plates as soon as I have emptied it. That often discomforts me greatly. I have to eat the food even if I don't want to, because it is considered bad manners in the West to leave one's food on the plate. I have already noticed that when a Chinese sits at an American's dinner party, he very often refuses the offer of food or drink though he is in fact still hungry or thirsty. This might be good manners in China, but it is not in the West at all. In the United States, it is impolite to keep asking someone again and again or insist on his accepting something. Americans have a direct way of speaking. If they want something, they will ask for it. If not, they will say, "No, thanks." When an American is fed with beer by the host, for example, he might say, "No, thanks. I'll take some diet, Pepsi-Cola if you have it. "That is what an American will do. So when you go to the United States, you had better remember the famous saying: When in Rome, do as the Romans do.
The question is: "When in Rome, do as the Romans do "means "  _  ".
The possible answers are:
A:When you got to Rome, you should act as the Romans do
B:When you stay in Rome, you should do as the Romans do
C:When you are in a new country, you should do as the locals do
D:Romans can be an example for youDo you care about your memory ?The following ways can help improve your memory.
Sleep: Sleep plays an important part in improving your memory. Enough sleep is very important to have a good memory.
Don't watch TV while eating: Do not watch television while eating. Some people keep talking and eating while watching TV. Eating is a time when you can take a break from studying and rest your eyes.
Healthy food: Healthy food is important for a healthy mind. Have milk, eggs, fish and fruits. These foods have a lot of nutrients 
Make the things interesting: If you find the things the teachers ask you to memorize interesting, you will memorize them more easily. For example, include music and different colors in the things you need to memorize.
Repeat the things: Repeat the things by singing or talking. Repeating is a good way to memorize things.
Exercise: Do exercise every day. It not only improves the body but improves the mind. Air in the morning keeps your mind clear. A clear mind is needed for memorizing things.
Have a rest: Don't study for long hours. Have a rest from time to time. Studying for a long time will make you tired and you will find it harder to remember and learn things.
The question is: The passage is written for   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:parents
B:players
C:teachers
D:studentsRudy Saldia is a 25-year-old postman from America. Every day he rides to deliver   parcels across his hometown of Philadelphia with his six-month-old cat called MJ always sitting on his shoulders.
MJ, short for Mary Jane, is different from other cats. She was born in a drawer in Rudy's bedroom on April Fool's day. When she got older, Rudi noticed   that her favorite place to rest was his shoulders, so he decided to train her to work with him.
"The first day we crossed one block. The next day we tried two blocks and now we can ride about 25 miles every day. MJ enjoys moving around on my shoulders," Rudi said.
However, Rudy hopes to be able to ride 100 miles with MJ in the coming day. "People are always surprised and excited to watch us. I often hear someone shout, 'Oh, my God, he has a cat on his shoulder! How lovely that is!' MJ is so comfortable on my shoulder and she never hurts me with her claws. We always get on well with each other and have a great time during the work." Rudy smiled.
MJ loves noisy streets of Philadelphia, the only problem is that she is scared of the siren . However, her owner Rudi is always there for her. One day, if you go to Philadelphia and see a postman with a cat on his shoulder, don't be surprised!
The question is: What is the best title of the passage ?
The possible answers are:
A:A Smart Postman.
B:A Very Cool Cat.
C:A Very Special Riding.
D:A Postman and His Cool Cat.What's a good friend like? One may have different answers to this question at different ages.
When he is very young, he may think a good friend must be together with him all day. And they can share everything together. If his friend doesn't give him food to eat once, he doesn't think they are good friends any more. But they will play together happily again very soon.
When he grows older and studies in a middle school, his idea about a good friend changes. He thinks a good friend should be helpful and honest. A good friend should always help him with his lessons. A good friend should come to him when he is sad. And he is always ready to tell everything to his friend. If his friend tells others about his secrets, he may hate the friend.
When he grows up, he may not think it's necessary for a good friend to be always honest. Everyone has his secrets. If the truth  may hurt the friend, it's better to keep it secret from him than tell him about it. And he may think a good friend can give him some good advice when he has problems. He comes to understand that he shouldn't just ask friends for help and that he should also learn to do something for his friends.
The question is: The passage mainly tells us   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:what a good friend means for a person at different ages
B:how to keep secrets for our friends
C:how to make friends
D:how important it is to be an honest friendI want to tell you some things about Tom's weekend. He is my good friend. At the weekend, Tom usually gets up late. He has breakfast. Then he reads an English book and listens to the radio for about one hour. After that he starts to do his homework. At about 11:30, he often cooks   lunch for his family. In the afternoon, he usually plays volleyball with his friends. Sometimes he goes to the library in the afternoon. He loves his weekend very much.
The question is: Tom   _   at the weekend.
The possible answers are:
A:is not happy
B:has a good time
C:is very free
D:doesn't do his homeworkI try to be a good son, but no matter how hard I try, my parents never seem to be satisfied. They think I should eat healthier food, should wear cleaner clothes, and I should get better grades. And according to them, my hair should be shorter, my room should be neater, and my friends should be more polite when they come to visit. You know it isn't easy to be a teenager.
We try to be good parents, but no matter how hard we try, our children never seem to be satisfied. They think we should wear more fashionable clothes, we should buy a faster car, and we should listen to more beautiful music. And according to them, we should be more patient when they talk about their problems, we should be more friendly when their friends come to visit, and we should be more understanding when they come home late on Saturday night. You know it isn't easy to be parents, either. Do you and your parents also have such problems?
Well, why don't you take a walk and have a talk on Saturday? May 15th is the International Day of Families.  On that day, people around the world give thanks for good things about their families and work on family problems.
A study last year showed that many Nanjing families had the same problem like this. The children, 12 to 15 years old, didn't like talking with their parents much. They weren't happy at home. Of course, lots of kids have the same feeling like that. But you and your parents will be much happier if you can be friends. Parents are the closest people to you in the world. They love you just because you're their child. And they would do anything for you.
The question is: What does the boy want his parents to do?
The possible answers are:
A:To listen to his excuses when he comes back late.
B:To be more patient when he talks about his problems.
C:To wear more fashionable clothes when his friends come to visit.
D:To listen to more beautiful music with his friends.I was in the park with my elder sister, Cathy, on Friday. My sister left her jacket on a chair while we talked to some friends. When we went back to the chair, a girl in a red T-shirt was sitting there. She had some money in her hand. When she saw us, she stood up and walked away.
I asked my sister, "Did you have any money in your jacket?"
She said, "Yes, Anna, I did."
I said, "Look in your jacket quickly."
Cathy looked in her jacket, but her money was not there.
"That girl stole it!" I said, and we both ran after her. We caught her quickly.
My sister was very angry and she said, "Give me the money." The girl gave the money to Cathy and ran away. We both ran after her, but we lost her.
Then we went home. But before we could tell our parents, my mother said to Cathy, "You left your money at home. It's on the table in the sitting room. You must be more careful with money."
So the girl in the red T-shirt was not a thief! She probably thought we were thieves! We felt terrible.
Please telephone us if you know this girl! We are very sorry for our mistake. We would like to say sorry to her and give the money back to her.
Our number is 512667. My name is Anna.
The question is: Cathy thought the money in the girl's hand was  _
The possible answers are:
A:from her jacket
B:the girl's own money
C:from their home
D:from the chairWhat is your favourite English letter? Many of you may say Q. Why?Because so many of you chat with your friends on QQ. What do you like about QQ? What do you talk about? The CCTV reporter, Miss Wang, interviews three kids. Let's listen to what they say.
When do you chat on QQ? What do you talk about?
Lin Yuhan, Xi'an: On weekends. We talk about homework and chat with each other.
Tang Xuting, Shanghai: At weekends and when I don't have much homework. We exchange test answers and chat.
Yang Yuhang, Dalian: Our class goes online together at 4----6 pm on weekends. We complain about homework, chat and talk about computer games.
What do you put on your QQ blog ?
Lin: I put good articles I have found online on my blog. I also write articlesmyself. They are about funny things that have happened in my class.
Tang: I put pictures on my blog. Not my own photos, but pictures from myfavorite Japanese cartoons like Tennis Prince and Conan.
Yang: I put DV films on my blog. I shoot  them during sports meetingsand school parties. The most popular one is about a dancing teacher. Itis so funny that everyone watches it.
How do you like QQ?
Lin: It's a good place for us to make a record of our lives, of both good timesand sad times.
Tang: My friends and I may not have time to chat at school. But we can doit on QQ. It's very helpful to our friendships.
Yang: If you chat with friends on the telephone, your parents sometimeslisten in on your conversation. There's no such problem with QQ. Youcan relax and talk freely.
The question is: Which one is TRUE according to this article?
The possible answers are:
A:Lin says QQ is very helpful to their friendships.
B:Yang says he can chat freely with many friends and relax on QQ.
C:Tang says QQ is a good space for them to make a record of their lives.
D:Tang says he chats on QQ on weekdays though he has lots of homework.Spiderman is one of the most famous comic book characters. He was created by Stan Lee in 1963 and was first introduced to the world in the page of Marvel comic books.
Spiderman's story is the story of Peter Parker, a child who lost his parents and lives with his aunt and uncle. Peter is a shy, quiet boy wearing glasses and has few friends. One day, on a high school class trip to a science lab, he was bitten   by a special spider  . Soon Peter realizes he has amazing powers: he is as strong and quick as a spider and also has a type of sixth sense. He no longer needs his glasses and he can use his super power to fly through the city streets! Remembering something his uncle Ben has told him, that "with great power, there must also come great responsibility  ,"Peter decides to use his powers to fight enemies who do cruel things to people. And so, Spiderman is born.
Life is not easy for Peter even though he is a superhero. He is in love with Mary Jane but cannot tell her about his amazing powers. Besides, his best friend Harry hates Spiderman! Peter is also short of money and time. He has to sell photos of Spiderman (himself) to a newspaper and he keeps losing his jobs because he is so busy saving people! Yet he has to fight different kinds of cruel enemies.
,.
The question is: Why did Peter Parker keep losing jobs?
The possible answers are:
A:Because he was not good at the jobs.
B:Because fighting different kinds of cruel enemies took him a lot of time.
C:Because he was too shy to work.
D:Because he wanted to get more pay.She was a poor girl who worked to get money to pay for her lessons. She became the famous woman scientist of her time. That's the story of Marie Curie's life. She didn't mind working and she didn't care about the honors that were given to her in later years.
Marie was born in 1867. Her name was Marie Sklosovska then. She lived in Poland. Her father was a teacher. Everyone soon saw that Marie had a quick mind.
Marie's mother died when her youngest daughter was only ten. From then on, Marie knew that she would have to work hard at her lessons if she wanted to be successful in her life. She studied very hard and was one of the best students at her school.
Marie and her older sister, Bronya, wanted to study in France at the Sorbonne. But their father didn't have enough money to send them there. It was Marie who had an idea: she would teach at home and send her money to Bronya. After her sister finished studying in Paris, she would get work and send Marie the money to study there herself. So Marie worked very hard for six years to pay for her sister's studies. At last it was Marie's turn but when she got to France, her sister was married and could not give her much help.
Again Marie worked. She studied in a small room without heat or light. She lived on bread and tea most of the time. But all she thought of was her maths and science. This was her world.
After four years' hard work, Marie and her husband found something which was called radium . They were given the Nobel Prize for their great discovery . But they were too ill to go Stockholm themselves to receive it.
Marie always said that it was because of her children that she want her work. And she discovered a hidden power and gave it to the world. It was the same power, however, that killed Marie in 1934.
The question is: Marie did not go to Paris with her sister because  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:She did not want to
B:He always thought of her maths and science first.
C:She had to earn money to pay for her sister's study.
D:She thought it more useful to make money.A little girl walked to and from school every day. Though it was not fine and clouds appeared in the sky that morning, the little girl made her daily trip to school as usual. When school was over, winds became stronger and it began to rain.
The mother of the little girl felt worried that her daughter would be afraid when she walked home from school and that lightning might frighten  her child. Following the bright light of lightning, the mother quickly got into her car and drove to her child's school.
As the mother drove along the road, she saw her little girl walking alone in the rain.To her great surprise, she found that when a lightning came, her daughter stopped, looked up and smiled. Another lightning came and then another followed. With each lightning, the little girl stopped, looked up and smiled.
Inside the car, the mother asked her daughter, "What were you doing? Why did you look up and smile when the lightning came?" The little girl answered with a smile, "Mum, you know, God was looking at me. Each time I felt a little afraid walking in the rain, God would take a picture of me. I knew he was playing a game with me."
The question is: How did the little girl go to school every day?
The possible answers are:
A:By car.
B:On foot.
C:By bus.
D:By bike.Mr Ling lives in China. He worked in a factory and last year he retired. His wife died five years ago and his son works in Japan. He always has sports and he is in good health.
One day his son called him and asked him to have a journey to Tokyo. He was very happy. He was afraid to travel by plane and took the ship.
On the first morning on the ship Mr Ling met an Englishman at table. The man said to him, "Good morning!"
He thought the Englishman told his name to him. So he stood up and said, "Ling Bing!"
And it was repeated a few mornings and Mr Ling told a teacher about it. Hearing him, the teacher began to laugh and said, "He says hello to you in the morning."
The next morning, when Mr Ling met the Englishman, he said, "Good morning!"
And the Englishman stood up and said, "Ling Bing,sir."
The question is: What does Mr Ling do?
The possible answers are:
A:Sports lover.
B:A farmer.
C:A worker.
D:In good health.Every winter the Indians caught beavers  .They sold these beaver furs to men from France. In the 1600s and 1700s,people in France wanted beaver furs for coats and hats. Other countries wanted these furs, too . Wearing a beaver fur hat became a sign .It said ,"Look at this man! This man is rich!"
In the 1800s,men in this country began to wear beaver hats. They too, wanted to wear the sign that said," Look at those men! They are rich!"
Soon it was hard to find beavers. To get more beaver furs, traders had to move West. Traders began to explore this new country. They came back with wonderful stories about the new land. Before long, many people wanted to go West to live.
Where people go, towns grow. Soon there were new towns in the West. Men looking for beaver for fancy(,) hats helped the West grow.
The question is: The main idea of the whole story is that   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:traders carried signs for rich men
B:the search for beavers helped the West to grow
C:many wonderful stories were told about the West
D:the beavers were very foolishI live with my grandmother in a Beijing yard house. One day last year, I was surprised to see a big foreigner coming out of the house next door to ours. He was very tall with short brown hair and a pair of glasses.
The first time I saw him, I was too shy to speak to him. "My English is too poor!" I thought. My grandmother told me that he had just moved into our yard. "I don't like it!" she said. "Foreigners aren't like us. Maybe he'll play loud music and parties every night! I'm sure he's going to cause trouble."
Several days later, I met the foreigner as I was walking home after work. "Hello!" he said (in Chinese!). "My name's Tony. I've just moved into the house next door to yours." While I was wondering what to say, he continued, "There's a nice bar down the road. Why don't you and your family come and have dinner with me?" "Bars are bad places," said my grandmother when I told her, but we decided to go.
The bar was not at all what I had expected. It was in a beautiful little yard house, with several large bookshelves and pictures of Tibet on the walls. Several Chinese people and foreigners were sitting drinking or reading books. I noticed that some of the foreigners were speaking Chinese in a low voice to each other! "Oh, what a civilized place!" my grandmother exclaimed.
The bar served special "hutong pizzas". As we ate, Tony told us about himself-he is an English expert in environment. He always likes to be quiet. My grandmother said to me, "He really seems like a very nice young man."
The question is: Which of the following sentence is Not true?
The possible answers are:
A:Tony made a lot of noise every night.
B:Tony was an English expert in environment.
C:There were some foreigners speaking Chinese in the bar.
D:The grandmother thought Tony might cause some trouble.Many places in the world need more fresh water . Every country is trying to find ways to turn salt water into fresh.
Why aren't there many factories like the Symi factory?
In some places, the sun isn't hot enough, or it doesn't shine every day. In these places other ways to heating  sea water can be used. These ways cost more money, but they work faster than the sun. By boiling  sea water with high heat,a lot of fresh water can be made quickly. But heating is not the only way to get fresh water from salt water. Other ways are tried. One way is freezing . The fresh part of salt water freezes first. To get fresh water, the pieces of ice are taken out.
Which way is best? The one that gives the most water for the least money. It may be a different way for each place.
Symi's way seems very good for small, hot places. It doesn't make very much water at a time. But the factory is easy to build and cost little.
The question is: The writer is mainly talking about .
The possible answers are:
A:water making factories in different countries
B:the ways of making fresh water from sea water
C:hot places and dry places
D:how to make good use of the sunlightSix Chinese Characters
Dear students,  our country has a long history.  Chinese characters usually have more than one meaning and some of them are particularly loved by Chinese people.  Here are the top six lucky ones.  Please note we use "pinyin" here because "pinyin" is the Chinese spelling system for the characters. For example, "fu" is the "pinyin" for good luck in Chinese.  "pinyin" "fu" is only the phonic   ( )  part of the character and if you want to know the meaning of good luck "fu",  you must read the Chinese character because "fu" also represents     other Chinese characters that sound the same.
1.  "fu" means blessing,  good fortune,  good luck. Chinese character "fu" is one of the most popular ones used during Chinese New Year. It is often displayed upside down on the front door of a house or an apartment.  The upside down"fu" means good luck comes since the character for upside down in Chinese sounds the same as the character for "come".
2. "Iu" means prosperity.
It is used to mean official's salary( ) in feudal ( ) China.
3.  "shou" means longevity.
Chinese character  "shou" also means life,  age or birthday.
4. "xi" is happiness.
The doubled character "xi" means double happiness. It is usually displayed everywhere at Chinese weddings.
5.  "cai" is wealth or money.
Chinese often say "money can make a ghost turn a millstone". It is to say money really can do a lot of things. But, still-money can't buy everything.
6.  "he" means harmomous.
People's harmony is an important part of Chinese culture. When you have harmomous
relations with others,   things will be a lot easier for you.
The question is: We use  _  to show how to read the Chinese characters.
The possible answers are:
A:"pinyin"
B:spelling
C:Chinese
D:lettersHouse For Rent                                  Lost Dog
2 sunny bedrooms with one kitchen              Small size
$500 a month                                   Black and white, short hair
Call Mr. Winter at 555--7843                   Call Gus. Reward at 555--6238
Taxi Driver W anted                             Titanic 3D
Full or part time                              Saturday and Sunday
Experience needed                              Zig Zag Cinema.
Call Mark at 555--7296 between                $20 (half for children under12).
9 am and 5 pm weekdays.                        Call 555--9767 for more information
The question is: If you want to rent the room for two months, you should pay  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:250 dollars
B:500 dollars
C:1000 dollars
D:1500 dollarsThis is a picture of Mr. Li's family. The man in the middle is Mr. Li. The woman is Mrs. Li's wife. They have two sons. The child behind Mr. Li is Li Lei. He's thirteen. The boy in front of Mrs. Li is Li Ming. He is seven. Li Lei and Li Ming are in the same school, but not in the same grade. Li Lei is in Grade Two. Li Ming is in Grade One. They are good students.
The question is: Mr. and Mrs. Li have   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:one boy, one girl
B:two sons
C:two girls
D:one boyWelcome to FrightCatalog.com!  We have the widest selection of outfits you'll need to make your holiday one to remember. Regardless of age, men's, women's and kids' outfits are always fun to wear. The outfits give you a chance to live a life outside of your own for one whole night.
At FrightCatalog.com, there are countless adult outfits and kids' disguises  for you to choose from. If you are looking for something frightening or scary, we have it. If you are looking for something cute or funny, we also have it. If you want to combine the two, go ahead, we have that, too. Our passion makes it impossible not to collect the best products, which is why we have made it our goal to collect so many outfits.
Before you buy, ask yourself a couple of questions. First, do you want a full-body outfit, or a multi-pieced one? Full-body ones can be more detailed, but a multi-pieced outfit will not get as hot inside, which can be either good or bad. Next, are you going with a group? There is nothing more impressive than seeing a group of people dressed in theme. Lastly, do you have a favorite movie? We have plenty of movie disguises for you to choose from, like Star Trek, Alice in Wonderland or Wizard of Oz.
With a selection as large as ours, even your dog can enjoy this especially hallow night. You can turn your friend into Spider-Man, superman and countless other choices. If you already have your outfit picked out for yourself, search for a dog outfit that will match your own. For example, you could be the robber and your dog could be the policeman, or go for a Batman and Robin combination. Whatever you do, let your dog have some fun, too.
Our outfits let you have your October 31st experience, so you get the most out of this frighteningly entertaining night of tricks and treats. Take your time and find the one that catches your attention.
The question is: The best title for the passage can be   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:The outfits at FrightCatalog. com.
B:A shop at FrightCatalog.com.
C:A festival at FrightCatalog. com.
D:Shopping for Outfits at FrightCatalog.com.Dear Betty,
I'm your eraser Jill .This afternoon you lost me in your classroom. Simon found me and gave me to your English teacher Ms White. Now Ms White's three keys and I are in Ms. White's bag. The bag is yellow. It's on Ms White's desk. Please call Ms White at 718-0167 and ask her for me .You can come to the library, too. Ms White is in the library now.
Jill
The question is: You can see   _   in Ms White's bag.
The possible answers are:
A:three keys and I
B:three keys
C:an eraser
D:an eraser and three keysA.Choose the best answer (,)
Carole's Cooking Journal
Monday, April 6
This month, we had to choose an optional activity. Should it really be called "optional" if you have to do it? Unfortunately, I waited until the last minute to sign up. Many of the activities were already full, but I made a decision to join the Cooking Club because at least that way I would get a snack to eat.
Tuesday, April 7
It was the first time to be here. Like many of my ideas, joining the Cooking Club made sense at first but was turning out to be a disaster. Most people have been in the club for more than a year, so they already know what they're doing. And since they all know each other, they weren't exactly interested in a newcomer.
Thursday, April 9
What a terrible day! How could I know that if a recipe says to beat cookie batter  , you couldn't do it with your fists  ? I thought the other kids would never stop laughing. And it was not easy to get cookie batter off your clothes.
Friday, April 10
I have more funny things in Cooking Club. Now I know that chocolate mousse is a dessert and it isn't spelled m-o-o-s-e. "Mousse" and "Moose"   sound exactly the same. So I don't think my question about whether vegetarians  can eat chocolate mousse was really that silly.
Monday, April 13
One of my bright ideas worked out for a change! Everyone laughed when I handed out the chocolate "moose" cookie that I made yesterday, but this time I was laughing, too. The peanut butter antlers  were a _ . We're even planning to bake more cookies for the school food festival next week.
The question is: Why did the writer beat the cookie batter with her fists?
The possible answers are:
A:Because she was upset about being in the club.
B:Because she misunderstood a cooking recipe.
C:Because she didn't know how to use tools.
D:Because she was laughed at by other kids.Sports may be fun, but you need to play them safely. Here are some tips to help you stay safe while you're playing sports in winter.
* Get your body ready!
Before you do any exercise, be sure to warm up for at least five minutes. During warming up you should stretch  all parts of your body.
* Wear the right clothes!
Be sure to wear the right clothes for sports. If you play winter sports, make sure that you dress warmly. Also make sure to use suntan oil  . It may be cold, but the sun is still bright! If you don't put on suntan oil, your skin may be hurt. If you go skiing, be sure to wear waterproof  trousers and gloves. If you go running in cold weather, try to wear a scarf. It will keep your face, ears and neck warm.
* Stop playing sports when you are hurt!
If you get hurt when playing sports, don't play again until you get well.
* Don't get thirsty!
Drink a lot when playing sports because it is easy to become thirsty.
,.
The question is: Two kinds of sports are mentioned in the passage. What are they?
The possible answers are:
A:Running and skating.
B:Swimming and running.
C:Skiing and running.
D:Skiing and skating.New York,London,Paris and other big cities are exciting places to live in. There are many interesting things to see and to go to. You can go to different kinds of museums,plays and films. You can also buy things from all over the world.
But there are some problems in big cities too. It is expensive to live there and there are too many people in some places of big cities. Every year many people move to the cities to find jobs,to study at good schools.
But sometimes these people can't find work or a good place to live in. Also it is hard to keep the cities safe and clean.
Some people enjoy living in big cities,others do not. Before moving to a big city,they should think about the problem of living there.
The question is: Who likes living in big cities?
The possible answers are:
A:Everyone.
B:All people.
C:Nobody.
D:Not everyone.There is an Asian   American basketball player in the NBA. Do you know who he is? Yes, he is Lin Shuhao. His English name is Jeremy Lin. He is another basketball star after Yao Ming. So many people call him the second Yao Ming. But he doesn't like it. In the 1970s, his family moved to America from Taiwan, China. He is twenty-five years old. His elder brother is Josh and Joseph is his younger brother. He studied at Harvard University   from the year 2006 to the year 2010. His father, a fan of the NBA, taught him to play basketball when he was young. Now Lin Shuhao plays for the Houston Rocket. He works hard and plays very well. Now he is popular with many people.
,. (1,5)
The question is: Li Shuhao learnt to play basketball from   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:his father
B:Yao Ming
C:his elder brother
D:his classmates and teachersA team is a group of people with a common goal. A school's football team has two goals. One goal is to win. That is what the team wants to do. The other goal is to build character. Character is what a person values, how a person gets along with others. That is why schools have football teams. They want to help students build good values.
Each team member builds character. They learn to cooperate  . They learn to make good decisions. They work hard. They practice every day. They learn to follow the rules.
Each team member has a position  . Each position is part of winning. No one player has the ability to win the game for the team. Only if the team works together does a team win. People often say, " _ "
Whether the team wins or loses, at the end of the game they congratulate the other team. That is called sportsmanship. While they fight to win during the game, it is just a game. They cannot be angry with the other team. If they are, they'll hear from their coach.
 _ makes sure the team reaches the school's goal. The coach cares about the whole team. The coach gives each player advice. When the team wins, everyone celebrates. And the coach is glad. But after the season is over, the coach is still happy. The coach gets to see the players as they go to school every day. The character they have built is part of their success in school, too.[:Zxxk.Com]
Some coaches say that if you go into a classroom at their school you'll be able to tell the players. It is not that they are bigger than the other students. It is the ones who are helping other students work. Teamwork is part of their lives.
The question is: Schools build football teams mainly to help students   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:get good grades
B:become leaders
C:build good values
D:improve football skillsDifferent people have different colors of skin . Some have black skin. Some have yellow skin, and some have white skin. There's a woman in America. Her skin is orange. It's the color of orange juice.
Why does she become  orange ? She eats too many tomatoes , carrots and squashes  . She eats many orange things. That's why she becomes orange.
The woman doesn't want to be orange. She goes to the doctor  . The doctor says, "Don't eat any orange things again! Eat some green things. " The woman does so ,and she isn't orange now.
The question is: The woman has  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:an orange coat
B:orange skin
C:an orange dress
D:yellow skinWhere is Love? How can we find Love?
Once a little boy wanted to meet Love. He knew it was a long trip to where Love lived, so he got his things ready with some pizzas and drinks and started off. When he passed three streets, he saw an old woman sitting in the park and watching some birds. She looked very hungry. The boy gave her a pizza. She took it and smiled at him. The smile was so beautiful that he wanted to see it again, so he gave her a Coke. She smiled once again. The boy was very happy.
They sat there all the afternoon, eating and smiling, but they said nothing. When it grew dark, the boy decided to leave. But before he had gone more than a few steps, he turned around, ran back to the old woman and gave her a hug. The woman gave him her biggest smile ever.
When the boy opened the door of his house, his mother was surprised by the look of joy on his face and asked what had made him so happy. "I had lunch with Love. She has got the most beautiful smile in the world." At the same time, the old woman,s son was also surprised at his mother,s pleasure and asked why.
"I ate a pizza in the park with Love," she said, "and he is much younger than I expected."
If the world is full of love, we can enjoy a better life.
The question is: Which of the following is TRUE?  _
The possible answers are:
A:The little boy failed to find Love.
B:Both the little boy and the old woman found what they wanted at last.
C:The little boy decided never to go home.
D:The old woman gave the little boy a hug to thank him.People usually think it is very easy to cook instant noodles . They usually put the noodles into the boiling water and add in the MSG, together with the other things like eggs or vegetables. However, have you ever wondered if this is the correct way of cooking them?
Do you know what is on the surface of the noodles? People use something like wax to cover the noodles when they make them, so that the noodles can join together nicely before they are put into the _ . Many people enjoy eating them without thinking of this. But a report said the wax covered on the noodles was very bad for our bodies. They said it needed about 2-3days to clear away the wax in our bodies after we ate it. So it is dangerous to have too much wax stayed in our stomachs. But it is not difficult to wash away the wax. Before you cook the noodles, wash them with hot water and then pour away the water. Do it like this twice, and you can wash the wax away. Then and you can cook the noodles as usual.
The question is: What's on the surface of the instant noodles?
The possible answers are:
A:Something like sugar
B:Something like cheese
C:Something like salt
D:Something like waxWe usually have three meals. We have breakfast, lunch and supper. We often have more time for lunch and supper, and we eat a big lunch or supper. But a good breakfast is very important  . It's easy for you to understand it. You don't eat anything for about twelve hours from the last   supper.
One good breakfast should be rice or bread, an egg and milk. On a cold morning a cup of hot drink is necessary  . Get up a little early and you can have enough time to eat breakfast. A good breakfast helps you to study well. It helps you to work well and play happily. You will be fun for a day after you enjoy a good breakfast.
The question is: What should we drink for breakfast?
The possible answers are:
A:Milk.
B:Coffee.
C:Tea.
D:Water.Jack and Mike are on holiday in France. Mike loves visiting old building. So does Jack.
In the village Jack and Mike see a beautiful old church  , but when they come into the church, some people are there. They don't know what the people are doing.
"Oh! Just sit quietly  , and act like the others!"Mike says. Because they don't really know French, so they stand, kneel and sit to follow other people.
At that time, the priest   says something. And the man who sits next to Jack and Mike stands up.
"We should stand up, too!"Jack whispers to Mike.
So, Jack and Mike walk to the priest. "What's so funny?"Jack asks in English.
With a smile on his face the priest says, "Boys, there is a newbaby born, we ask the father to stand up."
Mike shakes his head. He smiles and says, "We should understand what people do before we act like them!"
The question is: Why are Jack and Mike in the church?
The possible answers are:
A:They want to see the priest.
B:They are on holiday.
C:The church is an old building.
D:They want to see the baby.Found:
A black pen is in the library. Is it yours? I am Lucy. E-mail me at lucy556@hotmail.com.
Lost:
I am Anna. I lost my computer game. It is blue. My telephone number is 471-4295. Call me! Thanks!
Lisa,
Is this your dictionary? Your name is on it. I found it in Classroom 6A.
Tom
Found:
I found a ring. It is nice. Please e-mail me at frank996@gmail.com.
Frank
The question is: Lucy found a   _    in the library.
The possible answers are:
A:pen
B:computer game
C:dictionary
D:ringComfortable family home with a large garden on north side of town.Three bedrooms,
Living-room,kitchens,dining-room,bathroom.Offers over$35,000.
2.ASSISTANT WANTED FOR BUSH RESTAURANT
Some evening and weekend work.All meals free.Ring 33201 78.
3.JOIN OUR FOOTBALL TEAM
Boys and girls wanted to play in local football team.Aged 9-1 3.Meet in Green Park on Friday at 3P.m.
4.ROOM TO RENT
Small room to rent in city centre flat above restaurant.Newly painted with modern furniture.Near main railway station.Buses pass front door.Phone 3322108.
Mr.Brown wants to Live near his workplace.Mrs.Brown wants a house with four bedrooms.The Brown children don't care what the house is like.They just want a big garden.Ann,their daughter, has always wanted to work in a restaurant.She thinks it is an exciting place.It's hard work but she is n't lazy.You have to work on Saturdays and Sundays,but you get other days off.It's not very well paid.But who cares about money?
Tom is a middle school student.He is twelve years old.He stops school at half past three,so he has plenty of time to finish his homework.
Jack.Mr.Brown's brother ,is looking for a room to rent.He doesn't care what colour the walls are or how old the furniture is.He is getting ready for his drawing.So the house must be quiet.
The question is: What's wrong with the room for Jack in Advertisement 4?
The possible answers are:
A:It's too small.
B:The walls are the wrong colour.
C:The man likes old furniture better.
D:It's too noisy.Alice is a busy girl. Now she is relaxing .She is watching the Friday night weather report on television .She likes sunny weather just like today. She wants to know what the weather will be like tomorrow.
She's going to have a picnic  .This is what the reporter is saying, "Good evening and welcome to evening weather report. We are going to have a very different weather across the country..."Alice is sad .She doesn't like raining.
The question is: What's Alice doing?    _  .
The possible answers are:
A:She's watching TV
B:She's relaxing
C:She's busy
D:She's sadMary can't understand such sentences as "She is blue today." "You are yellow." "He has a green thumb  ." "He tells a white lie." and so on. And she goes to her teacher for help.
Mary: Mrs. Smith, there is a colour in each of these sentence. What do they mean?
Mrs. Smith: In everyday English, blue sometimes means sad. Yellow, afraid. A person with a green thumb grows plants well. And a white lie is not a bad one.
Mary: Would you please give me an example of a white lie?
Mrs. Smith: Certainly. Now I give you some cake. In fact, you don't like it. But you won't say it. Instead, you say, " No, thanks. I'm not hungry." That's a white lie.
Mary: Oh, I see. Thank you very much.
The question is: Blue sometimes means sad in   _   English.
The possible answers are:
A:good
B:spoken
C:dirty
D:poorNowadays we can see ATMs everywhere. So we'd better learn how to use an ATM to withdraw money.
First, we must find an ATM for your cards. Some ATMs can only work with certain bank's cards. But now more and more ATMs can use all the banks' cards.
Second, we can put our cards in a slot on the right side of the machine. Make sure the card is facing the right way.
Then , when the screen says, "Please enter your PIN," we can press the numbers. After that, we can select the type of transaction .So we can press the key for withdrawing money.
Next, we can put in the amount of money we want to withdraw by pressing the numbers. Then the screen may say, "Please wait". After a short while, we can take our money from the slot at the bottom of the machine.
At last, if we don't need other services, we can press the key for ending. Then our cards will come out from the slot we put it in. And we can finish our dealing and take the cards and money away.
The question is: When should we enter PIN?
The possible answers are:
A:Before we put our cards into the machine
B:After we put our cards into the machine.
C:After we select the type of transaction.
D:After we put in the amount of money.Many years ago, when I was working as a volunteer at a hospital, I got to know a little girl named Lisa. The poor little girl had a very serious disease and was dying. The doctor had done his best but no medicine really worked. The only chance to save her seemed to be a blood transfusion  from her five-year-old brother. The little boy had the same disease before and had developed the antibodies  to fight the illness.
The doctor talked to the little boy about what they planned to do, and asked him if he would be willing to give his blood to his sister. I saw him hesitate  for a moment. He took a deep breath and said, "Yes, I'll do it if it can save Lisa."
As the transfusion was going on, the little boy lay quietly in bed next to his sister. He looked at her and smiled all the time. When everything was done and the colour returned to his sister's face, his smile disappeared and he looked a little afraid. He looked up at the doctor and asked, " Will I start to die now?"
He was too young to understand the doctor. He thought he would have to give all his blood to his sister, but he agreed.
The question is: How did the five-year-o1d boy understand the doctor's plan?
The possible answers are:
A:He thought he was going to lose all his blood.
B:He thought he was going to be killed.
C:He thought he was going to die together with his sister.
D:He thought he was going to die when he grew up.Hello, I'm Frank. What's this? It's a pen. It's my red pen. My black pen is in my bag  . My bag is orange. And my key is in it. It's blue. This is my ruler. It's white. It's on my desk  . And my orange is on the desk, too.
The question is: What are in Frank's bag?
The possible answers are:
A:A pen and a key.
B:A pen and an orange.
C:An orange and a ruler.
D:A key and a ruler.The class in America is almost the same as that in China. But something is different.
1.In America, if the teacher asks you a question but you don't understand, you should put up your hand and ask the teacher to repeat it. If you don't know the answer, it is all right to tell the teacher that you don't know. Then he or she knows what you need to do.
2.You mustn't be absent on a test day. If you are seriously ill, call and let the teacher know you will not be there for the test. If your teacher allows you a make-up test , you should take the test in one or two days after you go back to school.
3.Be on time! It is impossible to be late. If you come in late, be sure to do it quietly. Take your books out of your bag after you enter the room. Then go to your seat and sit down quietly. In the US, you needn't knock before you come into the classroom.
4.If you have to leave during the class, do it quietly, too. There's no need to ask for the teacher's agreement.
The question is: Which of the following about the class in America is TRUE?
The possible answers are:
A:If one is late, he/she can't enter the classroom without the teacher's agreement.
B:One can take a make-up test without the teacher's agreement.
C:One can leave the classroom without the teacher's agreement.
D:One can't put up his/her hand to ask the teacher to repeat the question if he/she can't understand it.Darling Kelli,
I'm so sorry I will not get to see you grow up as I so want to. Please don't blame  people or the world for this. A lot of life is simply luck and mine is running out.
I wish I had the words to make you feel better. I wish you didn't have to see me in pain as you often do now. I wish so many things were different but they are not.
But while your old dad is still around, I thought I'd try to give you some life advice in one go. I hope it gives you some comfort. I hope cancer never returns so that your life is long, fulfilled and happy.
Everyone will say it's of great importance to work hard at school. I hope you'll always do your best. I did well at school but did it do me much good in life? Not really. Schoolwork is important, but make sure you have fun too.
You and your mom will argue at times, especially when you're a teenager. Please remember she loves you and wants the best for you. Give Mommy a hug when she is feeling sad. When you're a teenager you might think your friends are right and your mom is wrong. But she has to make hard decisions for you. Treat her well.
You'll have boyfriends when you're older, so here's some advice. It's very hard to describe how it feels to really be in love. You might remember seeing your mom and I laughing together and cuddling on the sofa, and once the love hearts and flowers fade  that's what real love looks like. Have fun finding it.
Most important of all: Your laugh takes over your whole body. I hope you never lose that. There is no point in asking you not to be sad when I go. I know you will be, princess. And I wish I could be there to hug you until you smile again.
And finally, thank you for being you, Kelli. Enjoy your life. Don't rush through it. All my love, always, goes to you, princess.
The question is: The author wrote this letter to Kelli mainly to  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:tell her more about his disease
B:say sorry for leaving her alone
C:give advice that'll help her later in life
D:encourage her to realize her dreamWhat is the hottest topic at your school? In Hangzhou Yongjin Middle School, it's money.
The school had an activity called "making a living" recently. About 800 Junior 1 and Junior 2 students were divided into 112 teams. They went out to make money by selling things.
What did they choose to sell? Some sold newspapers; some chose bottled water; some sold environmentally friendly shopping bags and bamboo baskets.
Huqi's team decided to sell educational books in front of the Children Activity Centre. They thought parents would like to buy books for their children. But unfortunately , they came across urban management officers . The officers asked them to leave. "We played hide-and-seek with the officers for the whole morning," said Hu. "Finally we gave up and moved to other place.
Wang Yongyi and her team sold ice cream in a square. They didn't meet any officers. But few people were interested in what they were selling. The team then put up a board saying the money was to help the "Project Hope" for country kids. It worked. More people came to their stall. A foreigner even gave them 100 yuan.
Meng Zhaoxiang and his team were luckier. They sold all their cakes in four hours, spending 39.5 yuan and getting back 80 yuan. "It was not easy to make the money," said Meng. "Some people just looked. Others just tasted but didn't buy. Now I know how hard it is for our parents to earn the money we need to lead happy lives."
The question is: According to the passage, the students learn   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:it's impossible for them to make money
B:it's necessary for school to hold more activities
C:it's very important for them to make a living
D:it's not easy for their parents to make moneyTed, my little brother, is in Grade One. Last Friday he came back from school with a letter.  The letter was from his teacher. "I got a red flower today. Could you please sign this note?" he said to Mum. The note showed that he had been talking in class.
Ted hardly gets top scores in his school work. The best he gets is "OK", but often he gets "You can do better than this." Mum knows what it means. She tells me "You can do better than this" means "Extremely bad" in China.
In the USA, teachers never say anything too bad about their students, even if the students are making trouble in class or not working hard enough. The worst they might say is "Please be nicer tomorrow". Many parents are satisfied with--- a B-grade for each subject.
But things in Chinese schools are quite different. Parents have _ for their children. I sometimes felt that my second-grade cousin spent more time on homework than I did when I was a 6thgrader in the USA! Yet his parents and teachers didn't think he worked hard enough.
Is it too strict in China? Or is it not strict enough in the USA? Maybe both are true.
The question is: If a student in the USA gets "OK" in his school work, it means  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:he gets top scores
B:he gets medium scores
C:he gets extremely bad scores
D:he gets the worst scoresThe rainbow lorikeet   is a kind of parrot in the northeast of Australia. It is the most colorful and noisy bird in the world. The bird has green, orange, blue, red, yellow, purple and grey colors on its body.
Rainbow lorikeets are small birds. They are usually 11 to 12 inches long and weigh 120g to 140g. It is said that they can live for over 20 years in the wild.
They usually live in groups. At night, they sleep in the trees in a big group. But during the daytime, they move in much smaller groups (about 20 birds). Late in the evening, you can sometimes see a larger group flying back home.
These birds spend a lot of time looking for food. Most of their food comes from trees, like flowers, nuts and fruit. But sometimes they eat insects. They can get water from the leaves that they eat or drink water directly.
Rainbow lorikeets usually start to have families when they are around two years old. When they have baby birds, both the parents help to feed them.
The question is: Which of the following is TRUE according to this passage?
The possible answers are:
A:Rainbow lorikeets are big birds.
B:Rainbow lorikeets don't eat meat.
C:Rainbow lorikeets like living alone.
D:Rainbow lorikeets usually fly back home in group in the evening.John is 14 years old. He is a student of Grade Eight. He was a very active and happy boy two years ago. But everything changed after he started to play computer games. He never plays basketball or football with his friends any more. And when he sits in the classroom, he can't listen to the teachers. He sleeps in class. And he spends less and less time in studying. So he gets bad marks in tests. But he is very different after school is over. He stays in the net bar until it is closed. Ah, he loses himself in computer games. His parents can do nothing to stop him. Every morning in the school, when we see that he is so tired after a night's "busy working", we really feel sad. He is too tired!
The question is: John   _   plays basketball with his friends now.
The possible answers are:
A:usually
B:often
C:always
D:neverOne day a young man was standing in the middle of the town announcing that he had the most beautiful heart in the whole town. A large crowd gathered, and they all thought it was perfect. There was not a flaw in it.
Suddenly, an old man said, "Your heart is not nearly as beautiful as mine." The crowd and the young man looked at the old man's heart. It was full of scars . The young man laughed. "Comparing your heart with mine, mine is perfect and yours is a mess of scars."
"Yes," said the old man, "You see, every scar represents a person to whom I have given my love. I tear out a piece of my heart and give it to them, and often they give me a piece of their heart that fits into the empty place in my heart. Though it has some scars, I cherish . Because they remind me of the love we shared. Sometimes I have given pieces of my heart away, and the other person hasn't returned a piece of his or her heart to me. These are the empty gouges . Although these gouges are painful, they stay open, reminding me of the love I have for those people too, and I hope someday they may return and fill the space I have waiting. So now do you see what true beauty is?"
The young man ripped a piece out of his perfect heart and offered it to the old man. The old man placed it in his heart, then took a piece from his old scarred heart and placed it in the _ in the young man's heart.
The young man looked at his heart, not perfect anymore but more beautiful than ever, since love from the old man's heart flowed into his. They embraced and walked away side by side.
,.
The question is: The old man's heart   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:is not nearly as beautiful as the young man's
B:has been given to a person who needed it
C:is a mess of scars
D:is perfectNever try to work when you are very hungry. If you decide to do your homework right after school, you may get something to eat before going to work. Always do your homework before you get too tired. Don't wait until very late in the evening, or your work will seem much harder than it really is.
If you have more than an hour's work, give yourself a break after an hour. On the other hand don't break it up so much that you can't get anything down. You should be able to work at least a half at a time without stopping.
Don't put it off until the last minute. If you put off doing your homework, you will have it on your mind, and you won't enjoy your free time so much. If you put it off until the end of the week or until before a test, you will have too much catching up to do. A little bit each night, enough to keep up with what is happening each day in school, will take the fear out of tests and keep you on top of it all.
Do your homework at the same time every evening. This will help you make it a _ . It will make it easier to do, and it will make your free time more enjoyable as well.
The question is: If we wait very late in the evening, our work will   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:become a bit hard
B:seem much harder
C:look very easy
D:go to so much troubleOnce there were two mice. They were friends. One mouse lived in the country; the other mouse lived in the city. After many years the Country mouse saw the City mouse; he said, "Do come and see me at my house in the country." So the City mouse went. The City mouse said, "This food is not good, and your house is not good. Why do you live in a hole in the field? You should come and live in the city. You would live in a nice house made of stone. You would have nice food to eat. You must come and see me at my house in the city."
The Country mouse went to the house of the City mouse. It was a very good house. Nice food was set ready for them to eat. But just as they began to eat they heard a great noise. The City mouse cried, "Run! Run! The cat is coming!" They ran away quickly and hid.
After some time they came out. When they came out, the Country mouse said, "I do not like living in the city. I like living in my hole in the field. For it is nicer to be poor and happy than to be rich and afraid."
The question is: When the Country mouse went to the house of the City mouse, he thinks the City mouse has   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:bad house and bad food
B:bad house but nice food
C:good house and nice food
D:good house but bad foodThe air here is fresh. There are not many tall buildings in our town. The best building is in our school. There are four hundred students and twenty-five teachers in our school. In the front of the school, there is a playground. I often play basketball with my classmates on it. There is a little garden behind our school. And we can grow beautiful flowers and plant trees in the garden. Next the garden, there is an orange orchard . You can hear birds singing everywhere. There is a river not far from our school. In summer, we usually go swimming in it.
The question is: What is the best title of the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:The garden
B:A small town
C:The River
D:The best buildingTom and his cousin took a boat trip. When they got on the boat, every passenger  should answer the keeper a question. If the passenger answered "yes", he or she got one gift; if the passenger answered "no", he or she got two gifts. Tom and his cousin saw all about this. Now it was their turn. The keeper came up to them and asked, "Are you _ ?" Tom wanted to get two gifts, so he answered "no" loudly, at the same time he said, "I have never been a sailor, how could I be a good sailor." The keeper gave him two gifts. His cousin gave the same answer, so, he got two gifts too.
The boat started off. The passengers began to open their gifts. Tom and his cousin did the same. They found that one of the two gifts was a small bottle of drinking water, the other was a seasick tablet  . Tom had a look at a "yes"-passenger's gift. His was a nice chocolate. Tom shouted at the keeper, "We are never seasick. Why do you give us seasick tablets?"
The question is: When did the keeper ask the passengers questions?
The possible answers are:
A:Before the trip.
B:After the trip.
C:During the trip.
D:Never.One year ago Bertha and Grace became close friends at a college in Dartmouth.
One day, Bertha said that her aunt Margaret had invited  her to spend the summer holiday with her. And they would have picnics and parties as well. But Grace told Bertha that she planned to stay in Clarkman's bookstore until the new term began.
Grace had to do something to feed herself because her parents died many years ago. Bertha  watched her friend's  pale   face. Just then she got a good idea. The next day when  Grace came back, Bertha showed her an invitation letter from her aunt Margaret.
"Grace, would you like to spend your holiday with us? I will help you find a part-time job in our town." Grace cried after reading it.
"Grace, please spend the holiday with me, or Margaret will be disappointed  . I want you to be happy," Bertha said.
The holiday quickly passed by, and finally one letter from Margaret came to Bertha.
"Bertha, Grace is the sweetest girl in the world, and I am very grateful  to you for sending her here."
The question is: Margaret was Bertha's   _   according to the passage.
The possible answers are:
A:aunt
B:grandmother
C:mother
D:teacherResearch says that husbands do not do their fair share of work around the house. A study from an American university says that men seldom do the same share of housework. Researchers interviewed 182 working couples who became first-time parents. Both husbands and wives worked almost the same number of hours in full-time jobs. However, men did five hours a week less housework than women after their baby was born.
 _ Becoming a parent added 21 hours a week to a mother's work. Most of this was looking after her baby. New fathers did not do more woke because they did not realize the mother was doing so much more. Another reason is that after a baby is born, fathers follow the "traditional" roles. That is, the mother looks after the baby and the father works outside. This happens even when the mother is working the same number of hours in her job.
The question is: What is the "traditional" role of a father?
The possible answers are:
A:Working outside
B:Looking after the baby
C:Doing housework
D:Doing part-time jobsNovember 9 is a time for us to learn a lot more about fire . This is what to do in a fire:
1.Shout out. Shout as loudly as you can, because people may be asleep.
2.Call 119. Never try to put out a fire yourself. Tell 119 where you are and what is on fire.
3.Keep down close to the floor. There is less smoke down there, so it's easier to breathe and see where you are going.
4.Test the door. If the door is cool, open it carefully. If the door is hot, do not open it! Try to find a different way out.
5.Get out. Do not stop to pick up anything. A fire can become very big in a few seconds!
6.Don't use the lift. Always use the stairs. The lift may go wrong and keep you inside.
7.Don't go back .Even if you have left your pet or favorite toy inside, do not go back for it. Animals have a very good sense of smell. They often get out of buildings before people.
The question is: You should keep down close to the floor because  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:there is less smoke down there
B:the firemen can find you easily
C:people may be asleep
D:you should look after your things carefullyIf you go to visit London,you will see a lot of buses and cars on the road,you will also see a lot of bikes because more people travel by bike.Why?
There are a lot of reasons for this.First,it's very cheap to buy a bike,and riding bikes is quick, too.You often need to wait for a bus for half an hour.When the bus comes,there are so many other buses and cars on the roads so the bus moves very slowly.The underground  train is quick but very expensive.
I travel to work by bus for about four years.I often arrive at work late and feel tired.Then one day , a friend of mine says, "I go to work by bike,why don't we travel together?""Because my bike's old,"I answer,"and there are so many buses and cars on the road.I feel afraid...""Don't be afraid!"says my friend,"If you follow me and we ride slowly,you will be fine."
Two days later I buy a new bike.We go slowly, but we arrive at work quickly. I spend 40 minutes going by bus, but only half an hour by bike! Now I love riding a bike. And I feel healthy. Many people think my idea is good and maybe you'll see more bikes on the road in the future.
Many people think in the same way as I do.That's why you see a lot of bikes on the road.Who knows,perhaps in the future we'll have roads for bicycles only.I hope so!
The question is: I travel to work by bus for   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:a few months
B:about four years
C:two years
D:one yearAn American called Simon goes to London to see his friend, Rick. Rick tells him that his flat is on the first floor. When he gets there, Simon goes straight to the first floor of the building. But people there tells him that there is no Rick on that floor. Do you know why?
In fact, English people call the first floor of a building the ground floor. The floor above the ground floor is the first floor, but Americans call it the second floor.
The story shows that there are a few culture differences  between English and America, though  they both speak English.
English people usually hide  their feelings. They seldom start a dialogue  with strangers . For example, on the train they often spend their time reading newspapers or books. But Americans are quite different. They're more active  and easier to talk with.
English people and Americans use different _ for many things. English people usually use football, eraser and mail, but Americans use soccer, rubber and post.
The question is: What's the best title for the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:Differences in culture
B:Simon's funny story
C:different floors
D:Hiding the feelingsYou may know May Day, but do you know Lei Day? Like May Day, Lei Day is also celebrated   on May 1st. People wear leis   on this day. A lei is a big circle usually made of flowers . On Lei Day, people give leis to each other. Where do you know this holiday is celebrated? Hawaii, of course! People give leis on birthdays, weddings   and as a way to say "I love you". In 1928, a writer, Don Blanding, wrote an article saying that this tradition should become a holiday. Another writer, Grace Tower Warren, thought of the idea of celebrating this day on May 1st and said, "May Day is Lei Day."On this day in 1928, people wore leis and celebrated with music, dancing and a lei-making competition. The next year, Lei Day became a public   holiday. Today, people still celebrate Lei Day in Hawaii. We hope they all have a happy May Day and a happy Lei Day!
The question is: Lei Day became a public holiday in   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:1928
B:1929
C:1930
D:1931Mr and Mrs Green live in a big city  , and one summer they go to the country   for their holiday. They enjoy it very much, because it is a quiet  , clean place.
One day,they are going for a walk in the morning and they meet an old man. He lives on a farm   and he is sitting in the warm sun in front of his house. Mr Green asks him, "Do you like to live in this place?"
The old man says, "Yes,I do." Mr Green asks again, "What are the good things about it?" The old man answers, "Well,the people here know each other. They often come and visit me,and I often go and visit them. And there are also lots of children here."
Mr Green says, "That's very interesting. But what are the bad things?"
The old man thinks and thinks and then says, "Well, the same things, really!"
The question is: One day when they are walking in the country, they meet  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:an old woman
B:a young man
C:a young woman
D:an old manWhat can we learn from the special, very successful people in the world who make the impossible possible?
Lesson 1: Ways of creative thinking are needed
Bill Gates and Mark Zuckerberg both dropped out of college. They prefer to teach themselves because they like to develop their own ways of thinking. They think standard ways of teaching might stop people from being creative and having new ideas.
Lesson 2: The answer might not be what you expect
Find your answers from facts -- not start with an expectation of what you will find. Stephen Jacobsen from Northwestern University believed what he was taught: that water on Earth came from icy comets  or planets which hit into Earth.
However, by studying a special rock, he discovered that it acts like a sponge . This suggests that Earth's water may have come from inside, driven to the surface to form the oceans, by geological activity.
"I had a pretty hard time making others believe it," he said. "But thinking about the fact that you may the first person to see something for the first time doesn't happen very often. When it does, it's amazing."
 _ 
Years of planning went into a recent achievement in space travel. The European Space Agency's "Philae", a robot landing craft, met up with Comet 67P, which is 480 million kilometers away. The trip from Earth by "Philae" had taken ten years!
The scientists had no idea what the surface of the comet would be like. If the landing failed, it would be impossible to get information from the spacecraft. Twenty years of work would have been wasted.
When "Philae" tried to land, it bounced  away from the comet's icy surface twice. Luckily, however, "Philae" landed successfully and began sending information back to Earth.
The question is: The example "Philae" in Lesson 3 shows that   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:Comet 67P is not far away from Earth
B:it took "Philae" 20 years to reach Comet 67P
C:"Philae" landed on Comet 67P with a little luck
D:scientists know nothing about the surface of Comet 67PBeing outgoing is good for your life. Those who are more outgoing like to meet lots of people and
have more fun in life. In fact, being outgoing is not as hard as you think. Even shy people can be outgoing. You can start becoming outgoing with your best friend or a group of friends. But the real challenge comes when you meet strange people or new friends. Smile more, and usually they will return your smile. In this way, you may have some talks.
Start a talk. Just a smile "Hello" or "How is it going" is a good start. If you want to make interesting talks, you should read news in newspapers and prepare  your views, or surf the  Internet for new information and then keep that in mind.
The easier way to become more outgoing is to go out. This is also the most important step . Go to a park, beach, club, party or any other place that you think can be fun, and you may make new friends there.
The question is: Making new friends can make us   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:more outgoing
B:healthier
C:more athletic
D:wilderJuly 20th, 1969 was an important day.Two American landed on the moon.Their names were Armstrong and Aldrin.They went there in a spaceship.Its name was Apollo 11.
Apollo 11 left Cape Kennedy on July 16th and went three hundred and eighty-five thousand kilometres.It took the two American three days to get there.On July 20th the spaceship landed in the Sea of Tranquility .Armstrong first stepped onto the moon.They picked up some rocks and put them in the spaceship.They jumped up and down.They were tired after their moonwalk,so they rested.
On July 21st, Apollo 11 left the moon and returned to the Earth.Three days later, it came down in the Pacific Ocean.A ship took the men to America.
The question is: The moon is    _   kilometres away from the earth.
The possible answers are:
A:385
B:3850
C:38500
D:385000What is your favourite English letter? Many of you may say Q. Why?Because so many of you chat with your friends on QQ. What do you like about QQ? What do you talk about? The CCTV reporter, Miss Wang, interviews three kids. Let's listen to what they say.
When do you chat on QQ? What do you talk about?
Lin Yuhan, Xi'an: On weekends. We talk about homework and chat with each other.
Tang Xuting, Shanghai: At weekends and when I don't have much homework. We exchange test answers and chat.
Yang Yuhang, Dalian: Our class goes online together at 4----6 pm on weekends. We complain about homework, chat and talk about computer games.
What do you put on your QQ blog ?
Lin: I put good articles I have found online on my blog. I also write articlesmyself. They are about funny things that have happened in my class.
Tang: I put pictures on my blog. Not my own photos, but pictures from myfavorite Japanese cartoons like Tennis Prince and Conan.
Yang: I put DV films on my blog. I shoot  them during sports meetingsand school parties. The most popular one is about a dancing teacher. Itis so funny that everyone watches it.
How do you like QQ?
Lin: It's a good place for us to make a record of our lives, of both good timesand sad times.
Tang: My friends and I may not have time to chat at school. But we can doit on QQ. It's very helpful to our friendships.
Yang: If you chat with friends on the telephone, your parents sometimeslisten in on your conversation. There's no such problem with QQ. Youcan relax and talk freely.
The question is: How many kids are interviewed about QQ?
The possible answers are:
A:Nine.
B:Six.
C:Three.
D:Two.Frederic Chopin was born in March 1810 near Warsaw in Poland . He was one of the greatest musicians in the world, In 1831, he went to Paris, No people knew he could play the piano very well.
At that time people in Paris liked the Hungarian pianist Franz Liszt.
One night,at a concert, Liszt went to the piano and people shouted. As all the lights in the concert were turned off, a wonderful piano concert started. The music was so good that the listeners were all greatly interested. They kept praising  the pianist and thought that Liszt had reached something new in playing the piano.
Suddenly, all the lights were turned on again as the music came to an end. And there stood a young man instead of the famous Hungarian pianist Franz Liszt.
Liszt planned all this. As the lights went out, Liszt left his chair and let Chopin take his place. So with the help of Liszt and his own talent ,Chopin soon became famous.
,,.
The question is: From the story we know  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:Chopin could be famous because of his own talent and the help from Liszt
B:Liszt planned to make Chopin famous
C:Liszt was Chopin's teacher
D:one could be famous only with the help of a famous pianistAnny was a five-year-old girl. One day when she and her mother were in a department store , Anny saw a plastic pearl necklace  . What a beautiful necklace! She wanted it very much, so she begged her mother to buy it for her. The mother said, "Well, I can buy you the necklace, but when we get home, we should discuss what you can do to pay for it. Can we do that?" Anny agreed with much happiness, and she got the necklace.
How much Anny loved the necklace! She wore it everywhere and every minute. Anny also did part - time jobs to make pocket money. She worked very hard. Soon she succeeded in paying off the price for the necklace.
Anny's daddy knew how she tried her best to get the necklace. He also knew how much Anny cared about it. One night, he asked Anny if she loved him. "Sure, Daddy." the little girl said. "Then how about giving me your necklace?" "Oh, no, Daddy! Not my necklace!" Anny cried. "Oh, dear, it's fine." her father gave her a kiss.
Several days later, Anny went to her daddy, with her lips  trembling . "Here, Daddy. I love you." She held out her hand. Inside it was the plastic pearl necklace that she loved so much.
When he saw this, Anny's father smiled with surprise. He then pulled a cute box out of his pocket. Inside the box was a real and colourful pearl necklace, which was waiting for Anny for so long.
The question is: From the passage, we can learn   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:parents should buy their kids everything
B:kids should love their parents
C:parents shouldn't ask for anything from their kids
D:how to educate kids in a right wayA boy called Mario had many friends, and he was proud of it. Whoever he met, he would like to show off  how popular he was at school.
One day, his grandpa said to him, "Mario, I know that you don't have as many friends as you think. Many of them are not true to you."
Mario thought maybe his grandpa was right. However, he wasn't sure how he could test whether his schoolmates were real friends or not, so he asked his grandpa. The old man answered, "I have just exactly what you need. It's in my room. Wait a minute." The old man left, soon returning as if  carrying something in his hand, but Mario could see nothing there.
"Take it. It's a very special chair. Because it's _ , it will be hard for you to sit on it. However, if you manage to sit on it, you can use the chair's magic power  to tell who your real friends are."
Mario took the strange invisible chair to school. At break time he asked everyone to form a circle, and he put himself in the middle, with his chair.
"Nobody move. You're about to see something amazing," said Mario. Then he tried sitting on the chair. Having difficulty seeing it, he missed and fell to the ground. Everyone had a pretty good laugh. "Wait, wait," said Mario, making another try. But again he missed the seat.
Mario didn't give up. He kept trying to sit on the magic chair. Finally, he did it. This time he felt himself in mid-air.
Then he experienced the magic that his grandpa had been talking about. Looking around, Mario saw George, Lucas and Diana holding him up, so he wouldn't fall. But some schoolmates whom he had regarded as friends had done nothing but made fun of him. Mario was quite thankful to his grandpa, who helped him test who his true friends were.
The question is: Mario's grandpa gave him a special chair to   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:sit on in the school
B:be his birthday present
C:test who his true friends are
D:play games with his friends at schoolLike schools in China, American schools begin in September after a long summer vacation. There are two terms in a school year. The first term is from September to January and the second is from February to June. Usually American children begin to go to school when they are five years old. Most students are seventeen or eighteen years old when they finish high school.
But unlike middle school students in China, high school students in America take only four or five subjects each term. They usually go to the same classes every day and have homework for every class. After class they do all kinds of interesting things.
After high school, many students go to college. They may go to a small or a large one. They usually have to pay a lot for their higher education. So lots of students work after school to make money for their studies.
,:
The question is: In America, summer vacation lasts   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:one month
B:two months
C:three months
D:more than three monthsMr. Gregory Gale is one of the few people in England who are 100 years old. On the day of his birthday, he played a game of tennis and went for a long walk. A few days later a radio reporter came to his house and asked him if he had any "secrets of long life". This is what Mr. Gale said, "No, I don't know any secrets like that, but there are a few simple rules of good life. I've always kept them all my life. The first is this: Don't listen to those fools who tell you to give up all the pleasures of life! The second is to enjoy all the pleasures of life in moderation . For example, I've always smoked a few good cigars every day. Not many, mind you! Only two or three! I've always also drunk a little good wine with my meals, perhaps two or three glasses. The third rule is to take a little exercise every day. I've taken a little and on Saturdays I've played a little tennis or golf."
The question is: Which of the following doesn't Mr. Gale do in his life?
The possible answers are:
A:Playing.
B:Drinking.
C:Eating a lot.
D:Smoking.Sometimes I really doubt whether there is love between my parents. Every day they are busy trying to earn money in order to pay the high tuition for my brother and me. They don't act in the romantic way that I read in books or I see on TV.  In their opinion. "I love you" is too luxurious for them to say. Sending flowers to each other on Valentine's Day is even more _ . Finally my father has a bad temper when he's very tired from the hard work, it is easy for him to lose his temper.
One day, my mother was sewing a quilt. I silently sat down beside her and looked at her.
"Mom. I have a question to ask you." I said after a while.
"What?" She replied, still doing her work.
"Is there love between you and Dad?" I asked her in a very low voice.
My mother stopped her work and raised her head with surprise in her eyes, She didn't answer immediately. Then she bowed her head and continued to sew the quilt.
I was very worried because I thought I had hurt her. I was in a great embarrassment and I didn't know what to do. But at last I heard my mother say the following words:
"Susan," she said thoughtfully. "Look at this thread. Sometimes it appears, but most of it disappears in the quilt. The thread really makes the quilt strong and durable . If life is a quilt then love should be a thread. It can hardly be seen anywhere or any time, but it's really there. Love is inside."
The question is: Why does the writer doubt the love of her parents?
The possible answers are:
A:Because they hardly meet each other.
B:Because they hardly speak to each other.
C:Because they often argue with each other.
D:Because they hardly express their love.Do you feel like sleeping after lunch? What should you do about it? Don't drink coffee or tea! Instead, take a nap .A nap may make you more energetic . You will remember things better and make fewer mistakes. Also, you can learn things more easily after taking a nap. It may even cheer you up.
But there is some advice you should follow about taking a nap.
First, take a nap in the middle of the day, about eight hours after you wake up.
Next, a 20-minute nap is good. If you sleep longer, you may fall into a deep sleep. After a deep sleep, you will feel worse.
And you should set an alarm clock. Then you can fully relax during your nap. You won't have to keep looking at the clock.2*1*c*n*j*y
The next time you feel like sleeping after lunch, don't get worried. Put your head down, close your eyes and take a nap.
The question is: What can help you a fully relaxing nap according to the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:cup of coffee.
B:A quick meal.
C:An alarm clock.
D:A big meal."I believe you're the right person to write an advice column for the students called "Dear Amy!". Jenny, editor of the school newspaper, said to Andy, who finally agreed to accept the job if Jenny promised not to tell it to anyone else.
At first it wasn't too bad. Most of the letters he received were interesting and quite easy to answer. Then came a letter from a person named Joe.
"Dear Amy," it began, "I'm in real trouble. I've wanted to be a songwriter all my life, but my parents won't even let me take music lessons. I have a guitar, but they both get angry if I play. I've tried explaining, but they won't listen. I feel sad. Should I run away from home? Maybe that will make my parents agree." The letter signed "Joe".
Andy thought about this letter for a long time. Should he advise someone to run away from home?
Of course not. But didn't Joe have a right to be a songwriter if he wanted to? Andy thought hard, but couldn't think out a good answer. Andy couldn't sleep. He just worried about poor Joe.
At a bar a few days later, Eleanor, a girl in Andy's Maths class, sat down next to him and asked,
"What's wrong with you? You look a little worried."
"I guess I do," said Andy.
"If you got a problem, why don't you try writing to Amy about it?" asked Eleanor.
Andy sighed  ; but she continued, "in fact, I guess Dear Amy is rather busy with other problems. She still hasn't answered the phony letter I wrote her last week. You'd better read it - it may even make the most hard-hearted person cry! It was signed Joe, a songwriter."
The question is: Andy might be  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:a Maths teacher
B:a songwriter
C:an editor of the school newspaper
D:a student in Jenny's schoolOnce upon a time, a young man was standing in the middle of the town announcing that he had the most beautiful heart in the world. A large crowd gathered, and they al praised his heart for it was perfect.
Suddenly, an old man appeared and said, "Why ,your heart is not as beautiful as mine."
The old man's heart was ful of scars . Some pieces of his heart were removed and some pieces from other people were put in, but they didn't fit quite right. So there were several jagged edges. In fact, there were stil some holes in his heart where the pieces were missing.
The  young  man  laughed,"Comparing yours with mine, mine is perfect and yours is a mess."
"Yes,"said the old man. "But, every scar shows that I took out a piece of my heart and gave it to a person, and often he gave me a piece of his heart in return."
"Why do you have some jagged edges in your heart?"asked the young man."Because the shapes of the pieces weren't the same.""Then the holes?""Sometimes I gave pieces of my heart away, and the other person hasn't given back a piece of his, so ... but I don't care.""How come?""They remind me of the love we shared."
The young man was deeply moved. He walked up to the old man, took a piece of his heart out and gave it to the old man.
The old man placed it in his heart, then took a piece from his old scarred heart and placed it in the wound in the young man's heart. It fitted, but not perfectly, as there were some jagged edges.
The young man looked at his heart, not perfect any more but more beautiful than ever.
How sad it must be to go through  life  with  a  whole untouched heart!
The question is: We learn from the story that in the end the young man was   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:lost
B:moved
C:hurt
D:untouchedIf someone asks me: "Do you like music?" I'm sure I will answer him or her: "Of course, I do." Because I think music is an important part of our lives.
Different people have different ideas about music. For me, I like rock music because it's so exciting. And my favorite rock band, the "Fox Ladies   is one of the most famous rock banks in the world. I also like pop music. My classmate ,Li Lan, loves dance music, because she enjoys dancing. My best friend, Jane, likes jazz music  . She thinks jazz is really cool.
"I like dance music and rock very much,: says my brother, "because they are amazing."
But my mother thinks rock is boring. "I like some relaxing music." She says. That's why she likes country music, I think.
The question is: How many people's ideas about music are talked about in this passage?
The possible answers are:
A:5.
B:4.
C:6.
D:7.A father was sitting at his desk and looking at his bills when his little son rushed in and said, "Dad, because today is your birthday and you're 40 years old, I'm going to give you 40 kisses, one for each year!" When the boy started kissing, the father shouted, "Oh, Andrew, don't do it now. I'm too busy!"
The boy soon became silent as tears  fell down from his big blue eyes. Feeling sorry, the father said, "You can finish the kisses later ."
The boy said nothing but quietly walked away. That evening the father said, "Come and finish the kisses now, Andrew!" But the boy didn't.
Unluckily, a few days later, the boy had an accident and died. His sad father wrote,"If only I could tell him how sorry I am for my thoughtless words and how much my heart is hurt."
Love is a two-way street. We must warmly accept any loving acts, or others will take it as a "No" and it may leave a scar . If we don't have love, our life will lose its true meaning.
If we are too busy to give and receive love, we are too silly! Nothing is more important than loving the people who are important to us.
The question is: We can know from the passage that  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:love keeps one busy all the time.
B:love can make people happy and unhappy.
C:it is important to read the bill
D:we should learn to give and receive loveMy name is Becky Smith. I'm eleven years old. I have one brother. His name's Jason and he's fourteen. I don't have any sister. We live with grandma in a small house in Chesterfield, in the north of England. My friends and I often go to the cinema on Saturday. Do you like games? I like football. My favourite team is Manchester Unite . I sometimes play football with my brother. I have seven pets: two birds and five goldfish. I want a dog and a cat, but my parents don't like them.
Do you want to be my penfriend? Please write to me soon.
The question is: The girl wants to find  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:a sister
B:a brother
C:a penfriend
D:petsWhen Mary was seven, her family moved to a new town. She usually went to school by bus, for it was not near her house.
One morning, their family clock stopped and when they got up, it was too late for Mary to catch the school bus. Her mother said she would drive Mary to school on her way to the office.
"But how can you find the way, Mum?" Mary asked. " You have only been to my school once.
"Yes," her mother answered. "But you've been there by school bus seven times, you know the way. "Oh, yes" said Mary.
They started out and Mary asked her mother to turn one way or another on their way to school, so she made her mother drive round most of the town before they got there. When they arrived, her mother found it was not really very far from their house.
"Why did you make me go such a long way?" her mother asked her. "Well, Mum." answered Mary. "I know only this way. The bus always goes like this, so the other children can take it to school."
The question is: What do we know from this story?
The possible answers are:
A:Mary was a kind -hearted girl.
B:Mary's mother had never been to the school.
C:The school wasn't very far from Mary's house.
D:Mary enjoyed going to school in her mother's car.Hello,everyone.Because of the high rate of school violence in some areas,teenagers'safety becomes a serious problem.We are planning to set up an organization named School Watch to make sure that students have a safe school environment.Please be part of our plan!
What is School Watch?
School Watch is a volunteer project in our school.It helps us stop violence and improve the quality of school life.It will keep yourself and your schoolmates safe.The other members of School Watch care for you and your classroom and you do the same for them.
Is it for everyone?
Anybody can become a member of School Watch because everyone has something to offer.
What else can it do?
School Watch makes it possible for us not only to help each other but also to make friends with each other.Some members may offer to help schoolmates who have problems with their homework.
Who is the Best School Watcher?
Our school will look for the Best School Watcher and give him or her lots of prizes.You could be the one!
How do you start?
To be part of this plan,the only thing you need to do is to talk to the director of the plan in your grade.If you want to get more information, check the official website at www.schoolwatch. com.
The question is: The Best School Watcher will get a lot of prizes from   _  every year.
The possible answers are:
A:the school
B:the website
C:the organization
D:the planWelcome to our food shop. All kinds of food are on sale! Do you need vegetables? We have many kinds of vegetables. They are not dear. Do you like milk? We have good milk, like Guangming, Mengniu and Yili, for just two yuan a bottle. Do you like chicken? Chicken is for just twelve yuan a kilo. Beef  is for just eighteen yuan a kilo. Fish is for eight yuan a kilo. Come with your family and friends!
,.
The question is: Two bottles of milk is just   _   yuan.
The possible answers are:
A:1
B:4
C:3
D:2Mary and Her Friends
Mary has some friends. They are Betty, Peter, Alice and Mike. Mary is the oldest of the five. Betty is thirteen years old. She is younger than Mary and older than Peter. Alice is nine and Mike is seven.
Betty and Peter are good runners . But Peter runs faster. Mary and Betty like to play basketball. Mary plays better than Betty. Alice sings best of them.
Mary and Betty study in a middle school. Peter, Alice and Mike study in a primary school. They all work hard at school. But Betty works hardest. Her handwriting is good, too.
The question is: Betty's handwriting is   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:worst
B:good
C:better
D:bestThere is a library in John's school. It's new and big. It's behind the classroom building. It has three floors.
On the first floor, there are two reading rooms. There are five big desks and thirty chairs in each reading room. John comes here and does his homework after class every day. On the second floor, there are a lot of books for students and teachers. They can't take the books away. They can only read books in the library. John thinks that _ is bad. On the third floor, there is a computer room with sixty computers. Students have IT lessons here. It's John's favourite lesson.
The question is: What do students do on the third floor?
The possible answers are:
A:They read books.
B:They have IT lessons.
C:They do their homework.
D:They play basketball.There are many kinds of ants in America.One kind of ants is very strong.People are afraid of them and the other animals are afraid of them,too.
These ants are often in big groups .They eat all the animals on their way.They can kill and eat elephants.And they can eat horses,too.Sometimes they can even kill people and eat them.When the ants come near,people leave their homes.But people are sometimes happy after the ants pass by.Because they can see no insects  or snakes.
The question is: People are afraid of the ants because   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:they can eat and kill elephants
B:they can eat horses
C:they are often in big groups
D:they can kill peopleLisa is a successful movie star. She plays in a lot of good movies. Many people are her fans   and like her very much. Most people think a star's life is different  . But Lisa doesn't think so. She says, "I am only an ordinary   girl. I like T-shirts and jeans like many girls. I like Chinese action movies best. I am a fan of many Chinese action stars. I like to go to the market  . People can not often recognize   me in the market. It is interesting."
The question is: According to Lisa, most girls like   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:sweaters and jeans
B:long dresses
C:T-shirts and skirts
D:T-shirts and jeansWhat would you do if you had an accident in your daily life?
It is important for you to get some knowledge about first aid in your daily life. If a person has an accident, he / she needs medical care before a doctor can be found. When you give first aid, you must know three things:
First, when a person stops breathing  , open his / her mouth to see if there is food in his / her mouth. Second, if a person cannot breathe, try to start his / her breathing at once, using a mouth-to-mouth way. Third, if a person is hurt badly, try to stop the bleeding   at once. And then take him / her to a doctor, because if a person loses one third of his / her blood, he / she may be in great danger.
Many accidents may happen at home, and everyone should know some first aid to deal with common injuries. When a person _ by an animal, wash the wound with cold running water before he / she is taken to see a doctor. When a person is burnt, wash and cool the area of the skin under the cold tap for a while, then put a piece of dry clean cloth over the burn. If a person is badly burnt, take him / her to the doctor. If a person cuts his / her finger, clean it and put a piece of clean paper round the cut.
In the future we should learn more about first aid and try to spread   it.
The question is: If Jim cuts his finger, what first aid should you give according to the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:We should wash the cut with cold running water.
B:We should put a piece of dry clean cloth over the cut.
C:We should clean it and put a piece of clean paper round the cut.
D:We should wash and cool the area of the skin under the cold tap for a while.Thirty years ago, Lake Ponkapog in Hartwell, New Jersey, was full of life. Many birds and animals lived beside the water, which was full of fish. Now there are few birds, animals, and fish. The lake water is polluted. It is in a colour of dirty brown, and it is filled with strange plants.
How did this happen? First, we must think about how water gets into Lake Ponkapog. When it rains, water comes into the lake from all around. In the past, there were forests all round Lake Ponkapog, so the rainwater was clean.
Now there are many homes around the lake. People often use the chemicals  in their gardens. They use other chemicals inside their houses for cleaning and killing insects. There are also many businesses. Businesses use chemicals in their machines of shops. Other chemicals fall onto the ground from cars or trucks. When it rains, the rainwater picks up all the chemicals from home and businesses and then carries them into the lake . They pollute the water and kill the animals.
Boats on the lake are also a problem. Lake Ponkapog is a popular place for motorboats . But oil and gas from boats often get into the lake. So more bad chemicals go into the water this way.
People in Hartwell are worried . They love their lake and want to save it. Will it be possible? A clean lake must have clean rainwater going into it. Clean rainwater is possible only if people are more careful about chemicals at home and at other chemicals on the ground. And they mustn't use motorboats any more on the lake. All these may change people's lives. Only then can Lake Ponkapog be a beautiful, clean lake again.
The question is: Cleaner rainwater will mean   _   .
The possible answers are:
A:more boats on the lake
B:more dirty things in the lake
C:a cleaner lake
D:a dirty lakeGerman scientists say that eating a little chocolate every day may keep you away from cardiovascular  disease. The scientists have found that chocolate, especially dark chocolate , can help you cut down 39 percent of heart disease, including taking a very small amount . However, the study advises people not to eat too much chocolate, because too much chocolate is bad for our bodies. So the scientists advise people to eat small amount of chocolate instead of sugar or high-fat snacks.
Scientists said, "Dark chocolate shows the greatest effects, milk chocolate fewer , and white chocolate no effects." The results showed chocolate may cut down blood pressure, but they also say that further study is needed.
In the eight-year study, people's daily diet, exercise habits, and blood pressure were studied in 19,357 persons aged 35 to 65. They found that people who are an average of 7.5 grams of chocolate a day had a very lower chance of heart disease than those who ate much less chocolate , and average of 1.7 grams a day.
The question is: It took the scientists   _   years to prove that small amount of chocolate is good for people.
The possible answers are:
A:8
B:35
C:39
D:65We can see them every day, on every street corner, on every construction site   in cities. They work day and night in the terrible working conditions and weather. They build the roads, the theaters, the cinemas, and the supermarkets. They're China's _ .
More than 140 million workers have left their homes to look for job in cities. They hope to be rich, but they realize they have many problems making money. And one of the problems is the pride and discrimination   from the people in cities.
When night falls, I can see the sad faces of the migrant workers everywhere. You can see them playing cards along the streets. Many are living far away from where they are.
I can sometimes feel their pain, knowing exactly what it feels like to live so far away from home in a city where I walk a different walk and talk a different talk.
Yes, they dress differently and speak differently. Different habits, but they work hard. The people in cities regard them as outsiders, and most governments refuse to give them medical care and public schooling for their children.
So many things need to be changed. The first is discrimination! They may not make as much money as some people in cities, they may not have everything we have, but they are honest. They are very important and necessary to China's economic development and have become an important force for the change of Chinese society. They're building the new China. So we should help them with our hands.
The question is: The writer thinks   _   are building the new China.
The possible answers are:
A:the factory owners of China
B:the business men and women
C:the migrant workers of China
D:the people in Chinese citiesAre you learning English and do you need help with grammar? Do you want to learn new vocabulary or slang  ? Well, you can find help online with these top 5 free English as a Second Language websites.
Dave's ESL Cafe
This is a complete website that can help you learn and practice English. You can read many stories and do a lot of exercises to test your self. You c an also post questions and answers onto the help center.
About.com
You can get free English courses from About.com and you'll get regular e-mails that will help you learn English.
The Classroom by Voice of America
You can watch videos and listen to news stories to improve your listening and vocabulary skills. You can also hear English words and their meanings.
Heinle's Newbury House Dictionary of American English
Do you need to find the definition of a word? Use this online dictionary to find simple and clear definitions, as well as example sentences and idioms  . You can also find different cultural facts.
Perso nal English Portal   on YouTube
You can watch this series of videos on YouTube to develop your listening skills. You can also do a search for "learn English" on YouTube to find other videos. This is a good way to practice English and have fun.
The question is: You can  _  at the help center on the website Dave's ESL Cafe.
The possible answers are:
A:watch videos and pictures
B:listen to news and music
C:watch movies and matches
D:read questions and answersYou may know May Day, but do you know Lei Day? Like May Day, Lei Day is also celebrated   on May 1st. People wear leis   on this day. A lei is a big circle usually made of flowers . On Lei Day, people give leis to each other. Where do you know this holiday is celebrated? Hawaii, of course! People give leis on birthdays, weddings   and as a way to say "I love you". In 1928, a writer, Don Blanding, wrote an article saying that this tradition should become a holiday. Another writer, Grace Tower Warren, thought of the idea of celebrating this day on May 1st and said, "May Day is Lei Day."On this day in 1928, people wore leis and celebrated with music, dancing and a lei-making competition. The next year, Lei Day became a public   holiday. Today, people still celebrate Lei Day in Hawaii. We hope they all have a happy May Day and a happy Lei Day!
The question is: The underli ned word "circle" can be replaced   by "  _  ".
The possible answers are:
A:ring
B:card
C:garden
D:watchIt's Sunday. There are many people in the bus. And an old man is looking here and there. He wants to find an empty seat . Then he finds one. He goes to it. A small bag is on the seat. And a young man is sitting beside it.
"Is this seat empty?" asks the old man.
"No, it's for a woman. She goes to buy some bananas." Says the young man.
"Well," says the old man, "Let me sit here please. When she comes back, I will  leave here."
The bus starts .
"She doesn't come, but her bag is here. Let me give her the bag." Then the old man throws the bag out of the bus window.
The young man jumps up and shouts, "Don't throw! It's my bag!"
The question is: The bus starts. The old man   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:asks the woman to sit on the seat
B:takes the bag to the woman
C:throws the bag to the young man
D:throws the bag out of the windowThe world itself is becoming much smaller by using modern traffic and modern communication. Life today is much easier than it was hundreds of years ago, but it has brought new problems. One of the biggest problems is pollution. To pollute means to make things dirty. Pollution comes in many ways. We see it, smell it, drink it and even eat it.
Man has been polluting the earth. The more people, the more pollution. Many years ago, the problems was not so serious because there were not so many people. When the land was used up or the river was dirty in one place, man moved to another place. But this is no longer true. Man is now slowly polluting the whole world.
Air pollution is still the most serious. It's bad for all living things in the world, but it is not the only one kind of pollution. Water pollution kills our fish and pollutes our drinking water. Noise pollution makes us angry more easily.
Many countries are making rules to fight pollution. They stop people from burning coal in houses and factories in the city, and from putting dirty smoke into the air. Pollution by SO2 is now the most dangerous kind of air pollutions. It is caused by heavy traffic. We are sure that if there are fewer people driving there will be less air pollution.
The earth is our home. We must take care of it. That means keeping the land, water and air clean. And we must take care of the rise in pollution at the same time.
:
The question is: Pollution comes in may ways. We can even hear it. Here "it" means   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:rubbish
B:noise pollution
C:air pollution
D:water pollutionFood is very important.Everyone needs to eat well if he wants to have a strong body.Our minds also need a kind of food.This kind of food is knowledge .
When we are very young,we start getting knowledge.Kids like watching and listening.Color pictures especially interest them.When kids are older,they enjoy reading.When something interests them,they love to ask questions.
Our minds,like our bodies,always need the best food.Studying on our own brings the most knowledge.
If someone is always telling us answers,we never learn well.When we study correctly and get knowledge on our own,we learn more and understand better.
The question is: Everyone needs to eat well because it can help people   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:to be healthy
B:to study well
C:to enjoy learning
D:to have a happy lifeDo you like walking? A 13-year-old girl named Jenny likes walking very much. She likes walking because she thinks it is good for her health. "It's about 6 kilometers from my home to school. I get up at 6:00 every morning. After having breakfast, I walk to school. I can enjoy the beautiful _ on the way. I feel very happy. I can also think about what to do or how to do things at school on the way," says Jenny. "My father buys a new car and he wants to take me to school every morning. But I think I need to exercise and I hope my father can exercise, too. Now he often walks to work. After dinner, my father, my mother and I often take a walk in the park near our house. I have a healthy and happy family."
The question is: How far is it from Jenny's home to school?
The possible answers are:
A:About 3 kilometers.
B:About 6 kilometers.
C:About 7 kilometers.
D:About 8 kilometersA.Choose the best answer (,)
Carole's Cooking Journal
Monday, April 6
This month, we had to choose an optional activity. Should it really be called "optional" if you have to do it? Unfortunately, I waited until the last minute to sign up. Many of the activities were already full, but I made a decision to join the Cooking Club because at least that way I would get a snack to eat.
Tuesday, April 7
It was the first time to be here. Like many of my ideas, joining the Cooking Club made sense at first but was turning out to be a disaster. Most people have been in the club for more than a year, so they already know what they're doing. And since they all know each other, they weren't exactly interested in a newcomer.
Thursday, April 9
What a terrible day! How could I know that if a recipe says to beat cookie batter  , you couldn't do it with your fists  ? I thought the other kids would never stop laughing. And it was not easy to get cookie batter off your clothes.
Friday, April 10
I have more funny things in Cooking Club. Now I know that chocolate mousse is a dessert and it isn't spelled m-o-o-s-e. "Mousse" and "Moose"   sound exactly the same. So I don't think my question about whether vegetarians  can eat chocolate mousse was really that silly.
Monday, April 13
One of my bright ideas worked out for a change! Everyone laughed when I handed out the chocolate "moose" cookie that I made yesterday, but this time I was laughing, too. The peanut butter antlers  were a _ . We're even planning to bake more cookies for the school food festival next week.
The question is: What did Carole think of mousse at beginning?
The possible answers are:
A:She thought eating mousse was silly.
B:She thought mousse was a kind of animal.
C:She thought mousse didn't taste good.
D:She thought only vegetarians can eat mousse.What's a good friend like? One may have different answers to this question at different ages.
When he is very young, he may think a good friend must be together with him all day. And they can share everything together. If his friend doesn't give him food to eat once, he doesn't think they are good friends any more. But they will play together happily again very soon.
When he grows older and studies in a middle school, his idea about a good friend changes. He thinks a good friend should be helpful and honest. A good friend should always help him with his lessons. A good friend should come to him when he is sad. And he is always ready to tell everything to his friend. If his friend tells others about his secrets, he may hate the friend.
When he grows up, he may not think it's necessary for a good friend to be always honest. Everyone has his secrets. If the truth  may hurt the friend, it's better to keep it secret from him than tell him about it. And he may think a good friend can give him some good advice when he has problems. He comes to understand that he shouldn't just ask friends for help and that he should also learn to do something for his friends.
The question is: We should keep it secrets from our friend when   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:he is very young
B:he grows up
C:he is unhappy
D:the truth may hurt himHaving an exercise plan is important, but you should always ask your doctor for advice before starting it. Keep in mind that you can have too much of a good thing: overexercising and exercising in a wrong way can hurt  your body. The following suggestions can help you avoid  this.
Warm up before exercise. This helps to prepare your body for activities. It's especially important in the morning.
Cool down after exercise. Rather than stop immediately, do a few light activities to avoid aches and pains later.
Exercise with your limits . Build up slowly. Never try to exercise when you feel painful. If you don't listen to your body, you will hurt yourself.
Avoid being thirsty. Water is important to keep your normal temperature during exercise and prevent  tiredness.
Wear sports shoes. These shoes can keep your feet safe and prevent you from being hurt.
The question is: _  is especially important before exercise in the morning.
The possible answers are:
A:Warming up our body
B:Cooling our body down
C:Drinking enough water
D:Putting on sports shoesLion is a special animal to Chinese people. A couple of stone lions, a male   and a female  , can often be seen in front of the gates of old buildings. The male lion is on the left with his right paw   on a ball, and the female on the right. And her left paw is touching a baby animal.
The lion is the king in the animal world because he is powerful. The ball shows the country or the family will be together forever, and the baby animal with the female shows that you will have many children.
The stone lions were also used to show the families were powerful. If you had no money or power, you couldn't put the stone lions in front of your houses.
It was also popular to make bridges with stone lions. The best known of this is the Lugou Bridge (also as Marco Polo Bridge), built from 1189 to 1192. The stone lions on the bridge are most famous. Maybe there are 485 lions in all, maybe there are 498 or 501. A famous saying is that "the lions on the Lugou Bridge are uncountable ."
The question is: Which is NOT right below about the stone lions in front of the gates of the old houses?
The possible answers are:
A:The male lion is on the left with his right paw on a ball.
B:The female is on the right with her left paw touching a baby animal.
C:The common people couldn't put a pair of stone lions in front of the gates of old buildings.
D:If someone puts a pair of stone lions in front of the gate, he must have a lot of babies.Michael Jordan was born on February 17,1963 in Brooklym ,N.Y. And he graduated from North Carolina College. There are four people in his family, his wife Juanita, his sons Jeffrey and Marcus. His favorite food is seafood. His position is board and his favorite sports are golf and football except basketball.
His awards won:
Won a 1982 NCAA Named the Century's Greatest Athlete.
Men's Basketball Title.
Won an Olympic Gold Medal in Men's Basketball.
Won a NBA Title 6 times.(91, 92, 93 ,96, 97, 98)
Broke a NBA play-offs scoring record by scoring 63 in 1986 versus the Boston Celtics.
Named NBA Most Valuable Player 5 times.( 88, 91, 92, 96, 98)
The question is: When was Michael born?
The possible answers are:
A:February 17th, 1998.
B:February 17th 1963
C:Brooklyn, N. Y.
D:1991Mr. Smith lives in Toronto. He is a doctor. His wife teaches English in a middle school. They have two children, one is a son called Mike and the other is a daughter. She is only three months. Mike loves the baby very much. He often shows her to the guests. He is young and doesn't go to school. He stays at home to help his mother look after the baby.
One day Mike's aunt comes to see the baby. She works in another city and sees the baby foe the first time. Mike shows the baby to his aunt.
"Look at the baby, Aunt;" says Mike, "She's beautiful. I think she looks like me."
"Does she like playing with you?" asks his aunt.
"I don't know," answers the boy, "She can't speak yet."
The question is: Mrs Smith is a   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:doctor
B:worker
C:teacher
D:booksellerOnce upon a time, a man punished his 5-year-old daughter for using up the family' s expensive gold wrapping ( ) paper. Money was always not enough, and he became even more upset when on Christmas Eve, he saw that the child had pasted ( ) the gold paper to decorate a shoebox to put under the Christmas tree.
The next morning the little girl, filled with excitement, brought the gift box to her father and said, "This is for you, Daddy!"
As he opened the box, the father was sorry for his earlier behavior.
But after he opened it, he found it was empty and again he was angry."Don' t you know, young lady, " he said, "when you give someone a present there's  supposed to be something inside the package!"
The little girl looked up at him with tears running from her eyes and said, "Daddy, it's not empty. I blew kisses into it until it was all full."
When the father heard this,  he fell on his knees and put his arm around his dear little girl. He begged her to forgive him for his unnecessary anger.
An accident took the life of the child only a short time later. It is told that the father kept that little gold box by his bed for all the year of his life. Whenever he was sad or faced difficult problems he would open the box, take out an imaginary kiss, and remember the love of this beautiful child who had put it there.
In a very real sense, each of us as human beings have been given an _ golden box filled with love and kisses from our children, family, friends and God. This is the most expensive possession   anyone could hold.
,.
The question is: What's the best title for the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:The Kiss
B:The Gift
C:The Father
D:The DaughterOnce a baby cries, the parents will go to see what happened as soon as possible. According to a new study, a baby's cry can make adults react  very quickly, even if they are not related.
Oxford University researchers used the classic game whack-a-mole for the study.  Whack-a-mole  requires people to hit one of nine buttons  . The players must react as quickly as they can to whichever of the buttons lights up at random . It is a game that requires speed and accuracy ( ).
The study included 40 men and women volunteers aged 19 to 59. Some of them had sons or daughters but none had a baby at the time. They played whack-a-mole after listening to different sounds, including babies crying, the crying of adults in trouble and birdsong played at a similar pitch to the babies' cries.
The volunteers' scores were higher after listening to the sound of crying babies. Men and women had similar scores overall. The results showed that a crying baby gets special attention.
"Few sounds make people react quite like the cry of a baby," said Morten Kringelbach of Oxford's psychiatry  department, who led the study. "For example, it's almost impossible to ignore(,) crying babies on planes. This is true even though there are so many other noises around."
He added that a baby's cry can increase adults' heart rate and blood pressure. This is understandable, because in the course of human evolution  , taking care of babies has always been an important job for adults. When a baby is hungry or feeling bored or unwell, it will cry. As a result, human brains and bodies develop a special reaction to a baby's cry.
The question is: According to the passage, which of the following statements is TRUE?
The possible answers are:
A:There were 80 volunteers who took part in the study.
B:The youngest volunteer was 19 and the oldest was 59.
C:Some volunteers had babies at that time in the study.
D:The volunteers were affected by the sound of a baby's cry.Canada, the second largest country in the world, lies in the north of America. The population of Canada is about 29 million and the capital is Ottawa. The country covers about 9,980,000 square kilometers and six of the world's 24 time areas   as well.
There are two official languages spoken in Canada: French and English. Many people can speak both English and French. More than 60% of Canadians speak English as their language. About 25% of the Canadians speak French. In one province of Canada where French is the common language, the programmes on TV and radios as well as the teaching in schools are all in French. Today, Chinese has become the first inofficial  language in Canada.
Canada's climate is not as cold all year around as some may believe. In winter, temperatures fall below freezing point throughout most of Canada. In summer, the southern provinces often experience high levels of temperatures that can reach over 30degC regularly. The weather in Canada is just like the weather in China. It is rather cold in the north while it is fairly warm in the south. Winters in the north last long with snow for half a year. As the cold northern climate, only one-fifth of the land is suitable for farming.
As it is known to all, Canada has one-third of the world's supply of fresh water. It has many great lakes. There are five great lakes in the south. And there are many others, especially in the north. It is also rich in natural resources, such as coal, oil, natural gas of which Canadians make use to produce energy.
People of northern Canada are called Inuit  , who came from Asia and settled in Canada about 4,000 years ago. They used to travel around from place to place with teams of dogs which pulled their baggage. Now, they seldom move. There are about 2,500 Inuit in all. The government has started a new school project in which Inuit teach their own young children. So it is hoped that the way of Inuit life will be kept alive for more centuries.
The question is: Which statement about Inuit is NOT right?
The possible answers are:
A:They settled in Canada about 4,000 years ago.
B:Dogs could help them pull their baggage when they had to travel years ago.
C:They can teach their own young children according to the new school project.
D:They way of Inuit life may disappear in the future.Once a great boxer ,Tom Black, went to a restaurant for supper. He took off his coat and left it at the door, but he was afraid that somebody would take it away. So he took out a piece of paper and wrote on it,"The great boxer, Tom Black, has left his coat here.He'll be back in a few minutes."He put the paper on his coat and went to have his dinner. When he returned, however, his coat was not there. He just found a piece of paper in its place. It said,"A great runner has taken away you coat, and he will never come back again."
,A, B, C, D(10)
The question is: Who was Tom Black?
The possible answers are:
A:A great runner.
B:A great boxer.
C:A P.E. teacher.
D:A great thinker.How do you study each day? You may answer it in one second: have classes at school, take notes and do homework. Feeling a little bored? There are other ways that can make learning interesting and varied. It's called digital learning.
Digital learning is a way to help students learn by using the Internet. There are three important kinds of digital learning. Apps are computer software applications  . People can download them on their mobiles. The other two kinds are social networking services, including weibo and WeChat and websites. Every one of them is like your teacher. They help you _ what you learn at school.
Compared with traditional learning ways, digital learning has its advantages. Digital learning is also varied. It covers almost every school subject. More importantly, it always offers students the newest resources   to learn from.
Digital learning is also personalized. You can choose what you like to learn. If you don't master what you have learned at school, you can learn again through digital ways.
However, digital learning also has disadvantages. When you use digital ways to learn, you've got little chance of talking with teachers and classmates. As digital learning uses computers or smartphones, watching the screen too long may be bad for your eyes. It is better to take a rest every 20 minutes.
The question is: How can you protect your eyes when learning in digital ways?
The possible answers are:
A:Try to take a rest for 20 minutes when watching the screen.
B:Try to use traditional ways to learn as often as possible.
C:Try to take a break every twenty minutes if possible.
D:Try to learn through digital ways less than 2 hours a day.I'm a Chinese girl. At school I have two good friends. Their names are Lucy and Lily. They are Americans. They are twins. They're eleven. They are good girls. Miss Gao is our English teacher. She is a good teacher. We like her very much. She likes us very much, too.
We go to school at seven in the morning. At four o'clock we play games. At four thirty in the afternoon we go home. We are very happy.
The question is: How old is Lucy?
The possible answers are:
A:She's eleven.
B:She's twelve.
C:She's thirteen
D:She's fourteenHello, I'm Tommy Smith. This is my room. Look! My schoolbag is on the desk. My Chinese book is on the bed. My baseball is under the sofa. And my CDs are in the bookcase.
My name is Sally Hand. I'm a schoolgirl. English is my favorite subject. I like it because it's interesting. Anna is our English teacher. We all like her very much.
I'm a schoolboy. I'm Dave Clark. I like basketball. My friends and I play basketball after school. It's relaxing.
Hi, my name is Bill Hall. Where is my jacket? Please call me if  you find it. My phone number is 5283595. Thanks.
The question is: What's Sally's favorite subject?
The possible answers are:
A:English
B:Math
C:History
D:ChineseOne day when Jack was walking in the park, he saw a woman he knew sitting on a bench with a dog beside her. The dog was looking up at the woman.
Jack walked up to the woman and said, "Hello, Sue, how are you? May I sit and talk with you for a while?"
"Of course, please sit down," Sue said.
Jack sat down next to Sue on the bench, and they talked quietly together.
The dog continued to look up at Sue, as if waiting to be fed.
"That's a nice dog," Jack said, pointing at the animal.
"Yes, he's handsome. He's a bit of a mixture , but that's a bad thing. He's strong and healthy."
"And hungry," Jack said. "He hasn't taken his eyes off you. He thinks you've got some food for him."
"That's true," Sue said. "But I haven't."
The two friends laughed and then Jack said, "Does your dog bite?"
"No," Sue said. "He's never bitten anyone. He's always gentle and good-tempered ."
Hearing this, Jack decided to _ the dog. He put out his hand and touched the animal's head. Immediately it jumped up and bit him.
"Hey!" Jack shouted. "You said he didn't bite."
"No, I didn't," Sue replied. "You asked if my dog bit, and I said no......"
The question is: Jack thought that the dog  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:was terrible
B:was ill
C:was Sue's
D:was hisWe can see walls everywhere in the world. But the Great Wall of China is the biggest of all. The Chinese call it. "The Ten-thousand-Li. Great Wall." It's in fact   more than 6,000 kilometers long. It's 4-5 meters wide. In most places, five houses or ten men can walk side by side. When you visit the Great Wall, you can't help wondering   how the Chinese people were able to build   such a great wall thousands of years ago. Without any modern machine  , it was really very difficult to build it. They had to do all the work by hand. It took millions of men hundreds of years to build it.
The Great Wall has a history of over two thousand years. The kings began to build the first parts of it around two thousand seven hundred years ago. Then, Qin Shihuang had all the walls joined up  . He thought that could keep the enemy   out of the country.
Today the Great Wall has become a place of interest. Not only Chinese people but also people from all over the world come to visit it.
The question is: The Great Wall is the biggest of all walls in   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:China
B:Europe
C:the world
D:AsiaTom and Fred are talking about the year 2020. "What will our world be like in the year 2020?" "I don't know," says Fred. "What do you think?" "Well, no one knows, but it's interesting to guess." "In the year 2020 everyone will carry a pocket computer . The computer will give people the answers to all their problems. We shall all have telephones in our pockets, too, and we'll be able to talk to our friends all over the world. Perhaps we'll be able to see them at the same time. " "A lot of people will live and work under the sea. Perhaps there will be big towns, factories and farms under the sea, too. " "Machines will do most of the work, and so people will have more holidays, perhaps they'll work only two or three days a week. They'll be able to fly to the moon by spaceship and spend their holidays there. " "I'm looking forward to the year 2020. I hope to go to the moon! " "And 1 hope I'll be able to live under the sea." says Fred. "Won't that be very interesting? Just like a fish! "
The question is: Tom and Fred talked about   _   .
The possible answers are:
A:their school life
B:some interesting news
C:their life in the past
D:their life in the futureAccidents often happen. It's necessary for us to remember these tips.
On your way home or to school: Wait for the green traffic light, and look left and right before you cross the road. If you see a car coming, don't cross until it really stops.
At school: Never run around too fast at school. When students around you begin to push, try to hold something.  If you fall down in a crowed   place, cover your head with both hands.
When there's a fire: Keep quiet and leave quickly. Use a piece of wet cloth to cover your mouth and nose so that you don't breathe in smoke. If your clothes catch fire, drop to the ground and roll   from side to side to put out the fire.
For eating: Wash fruit like apples or pears carefully before you eat it. And if your food looks or smells bad, don't eat it.
About strange invitations: If an Internet friend asks to meet you, tell your parents about it. Don't go alone.
The question is: Which of the following is TRUE?
The possible answers are:
A:We may cross the road before a car stops.
B:A piece of dry cloth may help you in a fire.
C:If there is something wrong with food or fruit, stop eating it.
D:You may meet an Internet friend in his or her own home.Bruce is an English boy. Now he lives in a big house in Beijing with his parents, but he can't speak Chinese, he can only speak English. He likes swimming very much, and his house is near a river. He often goes to swim with his friends in the river. There are three people in his family. His father is a bank clerk, his mother is a teacher. It's Sunday today, Bruce doesn't go to school. Their parents aren't at work. They go to the park by bus. Now they are in the park, they enjoy themselves very much.
The question is: Where does Bruce live?
The possible answers are:
A:He lives in a hotel.
B:He lives in a school.
C:He lives in a bank.
D:He lives in a big house.There is a sign at a Korean university asking tourists not to step into the grass to take photos. The sign is not written in Korean or English; it is written in Chinese.
These signs, and signs in other countries warning Chinese tourists about their behavior, have shamed many Chinese who worry about the image of the country.
Over 70 million Chinese tourists made overseas trips last year and spent $102 billion, more than the $84 billion spent by American and German tourists. For many Chinese tourists, it was their first trip abroad and they didn't know about foreign ways. And some of these tourists took their bad habits from China with them.
Wang Yang, a Chinese deputy prime minister , said, "They(the tourists) speak loudly in public, carve words or numbers on tourist attractions, cross the road when the traffic lights are still red and spit anywhere. It damages  the image of the Chinese people and has a very bad influence."
Before you travel to a foreign country, it's important to learn some things about the country and its culture. You are guests in the country and it's important to respect  your hosts. As more and more Chinese visit foreign countries, their behavior will certainly change and those shameful signs will, hopefully, disappear.
The question is: The sign at a Korean university is written in   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:Chinese
B:English
C:Korean
D:JapaneseMr.Brown is 80 years old. Every morning he goes for a walk in the park. And he comes home at twelve thirty for lunch.But today a car stops at his house. At twelve, two policemen  help him get out.One of them says to Mr.Brown's daughter, "The old man can't find his way in the park. He asks us to take him home by car." The daughter thanks the policemen and leave. Then she asks her father,"Dad, you go to that park every day. But today, you can't find the way. What's wrong with you?" The old man smiles  like a child and says, "I can find my way. I don't want to walk home."
The question is: What time does Mr.Brown often come home every morning?
The possible answers are:
A:twelve
B:eleven thirty
C:twelve thirty
D:twelve fifteenThe school day begins at 8:45.Class teachers meet the class and check who is present and absent at the beginning of the day. We meet as a whole school once a week on Fridays. The head teacher makes a speech to the whole school. Morning lessons begin at 9:05.There are three one-hour lessons with a fifteen-minute break.The lunch break is from 1 p.m. to 1:45p.m..Afternoon lessons begin at 1:50p.m. and the school day finishes at 4 p.m.
All students study and take exams in maths, science and English. In addition, they choose one subject from history, geography, Art, Design and Technology, French and Spanish... All students take PHSE(Personal Health and Safety Education) lessons but no exams are offered.
After school sports practice and matches are arranged  on Wednesday afternoon and Saturday morning. Chess, music, language and theatre clubs also arrange meetings after school. Students may join as many clubs as they like, but should join at least one.
The school has a good record in sports. Last year we were champions in football and tennis, and individual students won prizes for swimming and gymnastics.
The question is: What would be the best title for the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:A busy school day
B:Our colorful school life
C:My favourite school
D:My happy times at schoolMany children love to play with snow in winter. But Long Chuan has come to hate it.
This year his hometown suffered from snowstorms   for nearly a month. The heavy snow stopped cars and trains, broke the electricity   tower and turned tap water to ice.
Every day Long Chuan had to walk several kilometers to carry drinking water. "I couldn't ride a bike and it took me 3 hours to walk to school. I can't remember how many times I slipped   on the hard ice, " said Long Chuan.
Long is not alone. This year millions of people in central and southern China had a freezing winter without enough water and electricity. The biggest snowstorms in 50 years killed more than 100 people. They also cost the country 111.1 billion yuan.
Experts   say a special type of climate condition  , La Nina, caused the storms. During a La Nina, the water in the Pacific Ocean   near the equator   becomes colder than usual. It changes the weather around the world.
Besides China, Canada, the US and Middle Eastern countries also met with heavy snowstorms this winter. The special climate caused the recent flooding   in Australia, too.
However, experts say that people have destroyed the environment  . Global warming   may be causing these terrible weather events to happen more and more often.
The question is: We can tell from the story that   _   .
The possible answers are:
A:China is the only country which suffered from the heavy snow
B:La Nina is said to have caused the snowstorms
C:La Nina also caused hot summer in Australia
D:the snowstorms have nothing to do with global warming"How many common English words were invented by Shakespeare?"
How long did it take people to find the answer to this question 15 years ago? And now! you can google it and find the answer immediately!
Google is the most popular Internet search engine in the world. It was invented by two students, Larry Page and Sergey Brin. They met in 1993, when they were studying computer science at Stanford University, USA. They dreamed of producing something that could also answer any question in seconds.
Internet search engines at that time were slow and gave many websites that weren't useful. In January 1996, Page and Brin decided to make a better and faster search engine. They thought the results should be based on the most popular websites.
Nobody would give them money for their project, so they used their own money. They also borrowed money from family and friends. Then, in 1998, they were given a _ for $100,000, and they started their own company. Their first office was in a friend's garage. The company's name is Google, a word which comes from mathematics. A "google" is a very high number---- 1 followed by a hundred zeros.
The google search engine was soon used by thousands of people worldwide because it was fast, easy and correct. By 2002 it was the biggest search engine on the Internet. Now, more questions have been answered by Google than any other Internet service, from sport to science, and from music to medicine. Google hopes that in the future all the world's information will be put on the Internet, so that everybody can find everything.
The question is: From the passage we know that at the beginning of their project,  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:there was not any search engine on the Internet.
B:nobody supported them except their family and friends
C:one of the most popular websites gave them a cheque for $100,000
D:Larry Page and Sergey Brin dreamed to produce something to answer any questionMrs. White was very fat. She weighed 100 kilos, so she went to see a doctor. The doctor said, "You need a diet ,Mrs. White, and I have a good way here." He gave Mrs. White a small book and said, "Read this carefully and eat the things on page 11 every day. Then come back and see me in two weeks."
Mrs. White came again two weeks later, but she wasn't thinner. She was fatter than before. The doctor was surprised and asked," Are you eating the things on page 11 of the small book? " "Yes, doctor. "she answered.
The next day the doctor visited Mrs. White during her dinner. He was very surprised at what he saw. " Mrs. White," he said," why are you eating potatoes and bread? They aren't in your diet. " "Doctor," Mrs. White answered, " I follow my diet at lunchtime. But this is my dinner. "
,,.
The question is: After two weeks, Mrs. White became  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:fatter
B:thinner
C:healthier
D:strongerIn 2004, three young men went to a dinner party in San Francisco. Afterward ,they wanted to share  a video from the party with their friends. They wanted to send it over the Internet. But at the time, the process  of sharing videos that way was difficult. Using e-mail did not work and the friends complained that there, was no website to help them. So they created their own. They called their website YouTube. It made sharing videos easy, so the website soon became very popular. People watched 2.500 million videos in the first six months!
Today, more than 70,000 new videos go up on YouTube each day. People watch more than 1,000 million videos a day. Many last no more than 10 minutes. These videos show all kinds of things, from sleeping cats to earthquakes. Most of the filmmakers are not professionals. They are just everyday people making videos, and they use the website in many interesting ways.
First many people use YouTube to entertain others. One example is Judson Laipply. He made a funny dance video and put it on YouTube in 2006. People watched the video more than 10 million times in the first two weeks. Now people stop Judson on the street to ask, "Are you the dance guy on Youtube?" Some people have invited him to dance at their parties. A few women even asked to marry him. Judson wants to make more dance videos, and people look forward to seeing them.
Other people use YouTube to advertise a business. David Taub does this. He is a guitar teacher and he sells videos of guitar lessons on his own website. He wanted to increase his business, so he put short videos with free lessons on YouTube. People enjoyed watching the lessons on YouTube, and afterward, many decided to go to David's own website. Now David sells hundreds of guitar lesson videos each week.
People also use YouTube to help others. Ryan Fitzgerald is one example. Ryan is friendly young man who knows that some people are lonely and have no one to talk to. One day, he made a video of himself for YouTube. In the video, he gave his phone number and invited people to call him. In less than a week, he had more than 5,000 calls and messages from all over the world. These days, he is very busy talking on the phone. He helps people when he can, but mostly, he just listens, like a friend.
Finally, some filmmakers use YouTube in a more serious way. They want to inform people about important events happening in the world. For example, they show clips of videos from countries at war, or they show people in need of help after a storm. Sometimes TV news shows do not give enough information about these events. Thanks to YouTube filmmakers, people can go to their computers and learn more.
For many people, YouTube is more than just another website to visit. It is a way to communicate with others. More and more people are using it every day, and they will probably find even more ways to use it.
The question is: YouTube is used by David Taub   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:to sell his guitars
B:to start his new busincss
C:to advertise his business
D:to set up his own websitePeople usually talk about two groups of colours: warm colours and cool colours. Scientists think that there are also two groups of people: people who prefer warm colours and people who prefer cool colours.
The warm colours are red, orange and yellow. Where there are warm colours and a lot of light, people usually want to be active . People think that red example is exciting sociable people, those who like to be with others like red. The cool colours are green, blue and purple. These colours, unlike warm colours, are relaxing. Where there are cool colours, people are usually quiet. People who like to spend time alone often prefer blue.
Red may be exciting but one scientist says that time seems to pass more slow in a room with warm colours than in a room with cool colours. He suggested that a warm colour such as red or orange is a good colour for a living room or a restaurant.
People who are relaxing or eating don't want time to pass quickly. Cool colours are better for offices of factories as the people who work there want time to pass quickly. Scientists don't know why people think some colours are warm and other colours are cool.
However, almost everyone agrees that warm colours remind people of warm days and cool colours remind them of cool days. Because in the north the sun is low during winter, the sunlight appears quite blue. Because the sun is higher during summer, the hot summer sunlight appears yellow.                                Jacksunshine998@sina com
The question is: Which is the best title?   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:Two groups of colours
B:Cool colours
C:Warm colours
D:Colours and peopleDo you want to live a happier, less stressful life? Try laughing for no reason at all. That's how thousands of people start their day at Laughter Clubs around the world.
The first Laughter Club was started in Mumbai, India, in 1995, by Dr Madan Kataria. "Children laugh about 300 times a day. Adults laugh between 7 and 15 times a day," says Dr Kataria. "Everyone's naturally good at laughing -- it's the universal   language." There are now more than 500 Laughter Clubs in India and over 1,300 worldwide.
Many doctors are also interested in the effects of laughter on our health. According to a 5-year study at the UCLS School of Medicine in California, with laughing there is less stress in the body. Laughter improves our health against illness by about 40%.
So what happens at a Laughter Club? I went along to the nearest club in the south of London to find out. I was quite nervous at the beginning of the class. I had no interest in laughing with a group of strangers, and I was worried about looking stupid  . Our laughter teacher told us to clap our hands   and say "ho ho ho, ha ha ha" while looking at each other. Although we couldn't tell the differences between _ laughter and real laughter, they still produced the same healthy effects.
Surprisingly, it worked! After ten minutes, everybody there was laughing for real and some people just couldn't stop! At the end of the class I was shocked by how relaxed and comfortable I felt. So if you're under stress, then start laughing.
The question is: Which is the BEST title for the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:A 5-year study
B:Try laughing at Laughter Clubs
C:The first Laughter Club
D:A difficult language to learnOn my eighth birthday, Dad bought me an accordion  and said excitedly, "Once you learn to play, it'll stay with you for life." But I didn't want to play it. I just wanted to play games, But Dad asked me to take accordion lessons.
One day, I found a box in a corner. When I opened it, I saw a beautiful violin. "It was your father's," Mum said. "His parents bought it for him. I guess he got too busy on the farm to learn to play it."
I had to practice half an hour every day, and every day I tried to get out of it. But _ I asked why. He answered, "Because you can bring people joy. You can touch their hearts." He added softly, "Someday you'll have the chance I never had: you'll play beautiful music for your family. And you'll understand why you've worked so hard." I was speechless.
The lessons stopped after I finished high school. When I grew up, I got married and moved into a new house. I put the accordion in the attic .
One afternoon, my two children found the accordion by accident  . They got very excited. "Play it. Play it," they laughed and said. I started to play some simple songs. I was surprised I could still remember them. Soon the kids were dancing. Even my wife was laughing and clapping to the beat.
At that moment, my father's words came back to me, "Someday you'll have the chance I never had. And you'll understand." I finally knew why Dad had asked me to practice hard. Dad never learnt to play his violin. But I told my family, "This is my father's music."
The question is: What were the writer's children doing when he started to play simple songs?
The possible answers are:
A:Singing
B:Dancing
C:Clapping to the beat
D:ScreamingWhile Mr. Wan, his wife and their little daughter were in Europe, they decided to drive three days to Germany.
His little daughter had never travelled at night before. She was scared  the first night in the car, with the deep darkness outside.
"Where are we going, Daddy?" "To your uncle's house in Germany."
"Have you been to his house before?" "No."
"Do you know the way?" " _ ."
"Do you know how to read the map?" "Yes, we will get there safely."
"Where are we going to eat if we get hungry before arriving?" "We can stop at a restaurant if we get very hungry, my honey."
"Do you know if there are restaurants on the way?" "Yes, there are."
"Do you know where?" "No, but we will be able to find some."
The same dialogue repeated a few times during the first night and second night. But on the third night, the daughter was quiet. He couldn't help wondering why she was not asking the questions anymore.
"Honey, do you know where we are going?" "Germany, to uncle's house."
"Do you know how we are getting there?" "No."
"Then why aren't you asking me any more?" "Because Daddy is driving."
Because Daddy is driving. That answer from his little girl gave Mr. Wan strength for many years after, whenever he had questions and fears about his life journey.
The question is: The little girl asked so many questions during the first night because
The possible answers are:
A:she was afraid of the deep darkness.
B:she didn't want to go to Germany.
C:she didn't believe in his parents.
D:she was very hungry on road.When I was young, I liked to play jokes on people I knew, especially on my parents and friends. One day my mother was cooking in the kitchen and my younger brother was playing near the window. I ran to my mother and said,| " My brother has fallen from the open window!" She was very worried about my brother and then I said, "Don't worry. I'm just joking. " And my mother shouted at me, " If you do it again, I'll punish you. "
One day I went swimming with my friends in the sea. I wanted to play a joke on my friends. In the beginning, I went swimming alone, and I called to my friends, " Help me!" All my friends came to help me, only to find out that I was joking. But the next time I wasn't joking. I swam in deep water and I was so careless that I was almost drowned . I tried my best to call my friends for help, but this time nobody came to saved  my life. They took me to _ . From then on, I haven't joked on anyone. I think this is the best lesson in my life.
The question is: Which of the following is TRUE according to the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:The writer's mother was cooking when his brother fell from the open window.
B:The writer used to go swimming alone in the deep sea.
C:The writer used to have few friends because he hardly told the truth.
D:The writer hasn't joked on others since he was saved by his friends.One day Mr. and Mrs. Black were driving to a party . Mr. Black drove the car very fast. "Please don't drive so fast." Mrs Black asked his husband to drive more slowly ."If you drive so fast , maybe we'll have some trouble.""Oh , no , Don't be worried , my dear . "said Mr. Black with a smile ."You know I'm good at driving . You won't be in danger . And there is little time . If I don't drive fast , we'll be late for the party."
A few minutes later , his wife , Mrs. Black , said to him,"If you don't slow down ,We'll be in hospital."
Just at this moment a car came out of a side road and crossed in front of their car . Mr. Black stopped their car quickly . It nearly hit that car: "Oh , dear , I'm sorry for that . You are right , my dear,"said Mr Black . "I'll never drive fast later . Now let me drive slowly . "Then car drove very slowly to the party . Of course they were very late for the party.
The question is: What happened to them a few minute later ?
The possible answers are:
A:Their car hit another car
B:their car nearly hit another car
C:Their car was broken
D:Something was wrong with their carZach Linsky, 11, watches TV for 3 and a half hours a day and plays video games every other day. Zach, a sixth grader in Washington, D. C., is an American. But unlike many kids, he doesn't have a TV, VCR, or computer in his bedroom. He only has a boom box  .
The survey of 3,155 kids, aged 2 to 18, shows that they spend 5 hours and 29 minutes on average  a day using some types of media outside of school, including 2 hours and 46 minutes watching TV, 21 minutes on the computer, 20 minutes playing video games, and 8 minutes on the Internet. The good news: The total includes 44 minutes spent reading.
The survey also shows that those aged 2 to 7 spend 3 hours and 9 minutes watching TV every day and shows that 32 percent in that age group have TV sets in their rooms. Among those aged 8 to 18, 21 percent have computers in their rooms, 65 percent have TV sets, and 61 percent say their parents don't stop them from watching TV. Nearly 1 in 4 say they watch more than 5 hours a day.
"Kids are living much more lonely lives than ever before," says Kay S. Hytnowitz. "They just disappear into their rooms and spend all of their time with these media."
The question is: Why do the children spend all of their time with these media? Because   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:they have too much free time
B:they feel very lonely
C:they like these media
D:they want to find out somethingKate's room is big. A TV set  is in the room. The TV set is on the table. Some red flowers   are on it, too. We can see a nice picture on the wall . We can see a hat and some books on her bed. Her _ are under the bed. A desk is near the window . On the desk is a clock. It's time to go to school  . Where's Kate's bag? Oh, it's on the chair. Kate is putting on   her shoes.
The question is: Where's Kate's bag? It's   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:on the chair
B:under the bed
C:on the wall
D:on the bed"I believe you're the right person to write an advice column for the students called "Dear Amy!". Jenny, editor of the school newspaper, said to Andy, who finally agreed to accept the job if Jenny promised not to tell it to anyone else.
At first it wasn't too bad. Most of the letters he received were interesting and quite easy to answer. Then came a letter from a person named Joe.
"Dear Amy," it began, "I'm in real trouble. I've wanted to be a songwriter all my life, but my parents won't even let me take music lessons. I have a guitar, but they both get angry if I play. I've tried explaining, but they won't listen. I feel sad. Should I run away from home? Maybe that will make my parents agree." The letter signed "Joe".
Andy thought about this letter for a long time. Should he advise someone to run away from home?
Of course not. But didn't Joe have a right to be a songwriter if he wanted to? Andy thought hard, but couldn't think out a good answer. Andy couldn't sleep. He just worried about poor Joe.
At a bar a few days later, Eleanor, a girl in Andy's Maths class, sat down next to him and asked,
"What's wrong with you? You look a little worried."
"I guess I do," said Andy.
"If you got a problem, why don't you try writing to Amy about it?" asked Eleanor.
Andy sighed  ; but she continued, "in fact, I guess Dear Amy is rather busy with other problems. She still hasn't answered the phony letter I wrote her last week. You'd better read it - it may even make the most hard-hearted person cry! It was signed Joe, a songwriter."
The question is: Who in fact wrote the letter?
The possible answers are:
A:Joe.
B:Jenny.
C:Andy.
D:Eleanor.Many people travel to different places in the world by air. Usually it takes a long time, perhaps half a day, for passengers to stay in the plan. So airlines offer passengers food. But it is common that they feel bad about food taste. Do you agree?
To solve this problem, airlines try hard to improve their food. They would like to do so because they don't want to lose customers.
However, according to scientific research, part of the reason why plane food tastes bad is that at high altitude we can not taste things as well as we do on the ground. Also scientists have found that our noses become very dry even before a plane takes off. As the plane moves up, the change in air  pressure reduces one third of the sensibility of our taste buds . So our taste buds become senseless. The sad face, however, is that our noses don't know it.
All of these help explain why food on the plane tastes so bad. They also help explain why airlines choose to offer passengers salty and spicy food. Without doing so, the food would be tasteless.
Now there are many researches on this. According to one of them, some volunteers are asked to lie with their feet higher than their heads for weeks. And scientists write down their feelings about food taste.
Though scientists try their best, it is not as easy as they thought. Because they can't deal with the special environment successfully, such as the change in air pressure, making food taste good is still hard for them.
The question is: What is the best title of the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:Taste of Airplane Food
B:Airplane Travel
C:Scientific Research on Noses
D:The Change in Air PressureWhen I was seven years old, my family made me an ant farm. First, we put clean sand in a thin glass box. Then we waited for the ants to arrive. After the ants were in the glass farm, they started to make tunnels . I was amazed that each one knew exactly what to do. Each had its own job.
On the fifth day a tragedy  happened. I put my face so close to the glass farm that I knocked it over. All the tunnels fell down. Although the ants remained alive after their earthquake, one by one began to die. I was scared as I watched them give up building their tunnels to carry the bodies to a corner the farm. My mother said that the ants were dying of sadness. They simply could not stand that their tunnels were gone.
Although much time has passed, I still think of that ant farm. Mom had hoped it would teach me about the natural world, but it taught me much more.
Over the years, I came to realize the importance of teamwork. Working together, the ants were able to make an amazing world for themselves. I also learned that they should be admired for their hard work.
But there was an even larger lesson that I did not realize until recently: Adversity  is a natural part of life, and must be accepted. Unlike the ants, we cannot give up when we are sad. We have to realize that if a tunnel is gone, we must build another.
Giving up, I say, is not a good choice.
The question is: Which statement is WRONG according to the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:The writer knocked the glass box over because he put his face so close to the glass farm.
B:The ants didn't die one by one after the tunnels were destroyed.
C:Like people, teamwork is very important for the ants.
D:Giving up isn't a good way when we meet trouble.One year ago, I worked at a Chinese traditional medicine store. Business was not bad. Every day we mixed   medicinal herbs  for patients, so the store was always full of a strong herbal smell. After I had worked there for a time, a boy of 13 or 14 started coming and sitting on the stairs outside the store for a while every day. It seemed strange to me.
"Do you like the herbal smell?" I asked him one day.
"I grew up with this kind of smell," he said. He told me that his mother took herbal medicine for years, so he could mix herbs for his mother when he was very young. He mixed the herbs with deep love, hoping his mother would get better as soon as possible.
"Is your mother well now? I asked.
He shook his head. "My mother passed away three years ago." Looking up into the sky, he went on: "When I first passed by here and smelled the herbs, I thought of my mother. It is comforting to remember those days when she was alive. So I come here every day to sit for a moment. When I sit around this smell, I feel as if my mother is still alive and is waiting for her medicine in her room.
The question is: The boy's mother passed away when he was  _   years old.
The possible answers are:
A:6 or 7
B:about 10
C:13 or 14
D:about 16Ben Jones was walking home from school one day when he saw a black cat. It was walking across the
srteet in front of him.Ben stopped, turned around, and walked down a different srteet to go home. Why did he do that?
"It's unlucky when a black cat crossed the street in front of you," says Ben, "I did not want to walk down that street!"
Many people think that some things bring bad luck or good luck. For example, some people think that 13 is an unlucky number. They never invite 13 people to a party.
"I never walk under a ladder  ," says Ben. "And I never open an umbrella inside the house. They both bring bad luck."
And what brings good luck? "We have a horseshoe over the front door of our house for good luck," says Ben."And when I find a peney on the ground, I always pick it up. That brings me good luck all day!"
The question is: Which of the following things can bring people good luck?
The possible answers are:
A:Opening an umbrella inside the house.
B:Walking under a ladder.
C:Picking up a penny on the ground.
D:Seeing a cat.Friends around the word
The sun shines on new friends in new places. Some of the places are similar to the places where you live and some are not. But all of these friends love to sing and play.
A Friend in Korea
Hi, I'm Chang--Yong, and I'm 15 year old. My family lives in an apartment in Seoul, the capital of South Korea. The spring here is warm and beautiful. On special days, I dress in a silk jacket called Hanbok.
A Friend in Australia
Hi, John is my name. I'm an Aboriginal Australian, Aborigines have lived in Australia for many years. I live with our mother in the country. My favorite season is autumn. It's cool. We often wear T--shirts.
A Friend in Tanzania
Hello, my name is Manka, and I live in Tanzania. It's always hot here. Most of us live in wooden huts with grass roofs. My father takes care of the cattle. Cattle are very important for us.
A Friend in Canada
Hi, I am called Kipanik . We live in northern Canada .near the North Pole. It is snowy and cold most of the time here. So I often wear a heavy coat. My family often uses a dog sled to travel through areas covered with snow.
The question is: Most of people in Tanzania live in   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:apartment
B:the country
C:wooden huts
D:the NorthPoleBad Hobbies
It's easier to walk downhill than to climb uphill. So it is easier to fall into bad habits than into good ones. Bad habits do not form suddenly. They form little by little, so you don't realize  their danger. Schoolboys and schoolgirls first pick up little bad habits at school or on the streets. When they cannot do their homework, they copy from their classmates. If they see bigger boys or girls smoking, they also want to learn to smoke. If they see their friends gambling ,they want to gamble. When they get older, the habits become stronger and stronger. Then they can no longer give them up. From copying, they learn to steal; from gambling, they learn to cheat. At last, no one believes in them. It is very important to stop bad habits as soon as they begin!
My son is eight years old. He is now in Grade Three. When he was five, he started school. Every evening we have homework battles. Three afternoons a week he has activities after school. By the time we get home, homework is the last thing he feels like doing. The other two afternoon, he gets home early and we argue  about whether he should do his homework straight away, or if he should have some time to rest and play first. When my son finally sits down to do his homework, he seems to want me there helping him all the time. I do want to help him, but I am sure that he can do it by himself. In fact, I often end up telling him the answers to most of his homework. He has fallen into the habit of depending on me to do this. He never wants to use his own brain.
My wife and I have given up all our outdoor activities. We sit with him when he does his homework. We want to train him form some good learning habits. But what should we do?
The question is: Bad habit form    _   .
The possible answers are:
A:suddenly
B:little by little
C:very quickly
D:very happilyJoe Brown has a shop. He sells  meat in his shop. One Thursday a woman comes into his shop at five to one. "I'm sorry I'm late," she says. "I need some more meat for my dinner tonight." Joe has only one piece of meat in his shop. He takes it out of the fridge and says, "This is $6.50." "That piece is too small," the woman says, "Don't you have anything bigger?" Joe goes into the room behind his shop, puts the piece of meat into the fridge, takes it out of the fridge again and closes the door with lots of noise. Then he brings the piece of meat to the woman and says, "This piece of meat is bigger and more expensive. It's $8.75." "Good," the woman says with a smile, "give me both  of them, please."
The question is: Can Joe give the woman both pieces of meat?
The possible answers are:
A:Of course not.
B:Sorry, I don't know.
C:He will try his best.
D:Yes, he can.It's seven thirty in the morning. The students are coming into the classroom. A girl is opening the windows. Some of the students are laughing and talking. Some others are listening to them. Some are
reading books. Some are doing their homework. Miss Zhao is standing behind the teacher's desks. She is writing on the blackboard. Sue and Lily are wearing their new dresses today. Ann is cleaning her desk. Mike is helping her. They all look happy. What are Bill and Jim doing? Oh, dear! They are still playing basketball on the playground.
The question is: Which of the following is Not right?
The possible answers are:
A:Ann is cleaning her desk.
B:Mike is helping Ann.
C:Bill and Ann are still playing basketball.
D:The students all look happy in the morning.Every time I came home from work at midnight, I often saw a shadow   walking in our neighborhood. Was it "a night walking"? Someone walked alone in the dark, and this always made me afraid a lot.
I think it was "a sleep walker". So I never bothered it. But one night, when I walked past it quietly and quickly as usual, I heard a low voice.
"Do you often have to work at night?"
I was a little afraid. I looked around, but no one was nearby. I ran home as quickly as possible.
Later on, I heard it was a neighbor, an old man who has been living alone at home. He's NOT a sleep walker. He enjoys having a walk at night. So I seldom see him in the neighborhood in the day.
It's said that he was a soldier many years ago. He has two children, a son and a daughter. His son has a family in Shanghai. His daughter went abroad, in Sydney. He has been living alone since his wife died several years ago. Without any children living with him, he feels lonely and helpless.
I feel sorry for the old man. We might care less about our parent who lives alone. When we grow up, our parents get old. We should often go back home even though we're busy with work.
The question is: The writer mainly wants to tell us   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:We shouldn't work at night for money.
B:Life is full of the unexpected.
C:We should often go back home to see our parents
D:It's best to live with your parents.Every year several thousand people die in the car accidents in Great Britain. And between one and two hundred thousand people are hurt.
There are rules to make the roads safe, but people do not always obey   the rules. They are careless. If everybody obeys the rules, the road will be much safer. How can we make the roads safer?
Remember this rule. In Great Britain traffic keeps to the left. Cars, buses and bikes must all keep to the left side of the road. In most other countries traffic keeps to the right.
Before crossing the road, we should stop and look at both ways. Look right and left. Then, if you are sure that the road is clear, it is safe to cross the road. If you see small children or very old people, help them to cross the road. We must teach our children to cross the road safely. We must always give them a good example. Small children must not play in the street.
The question is: If we want to make the roads safer,   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:everybody must be careful and obey the traffic rules
B:traffic should keep to the right [:Zxxk.Com]
C:don't cross the road too often
D:roads must be clearJack and Hob are going to high school now . Jack wants to be an engineer .He is going to build roads ,bridges and house. Hob is interested in math and science, but he is going to study medicine , He wants to be a doctor.
Kate is good at music .She wants to be an artist .She is going to sing and dance for people .Joan wants to be a woman astronaut .She says ,"I am going to explore space some day ."" What do you want to be ,Alice ?" Joan asks me ,"Oh ,I want to be a teacher .When I grow up ,I'm going to teacher in the countryside ."
Each of us is doing our best at school .I am sure we will do something good for our country .
The question is: Who wants to be an artist ?
The possible answers are:
A:Joan
B:Jack
C:Kate
D:AliceWhen I was young, I liked to play jokes on people I knew, especially on my parents and friends. One day my mother was cooking in the kitchen and my younger brother was playing near the window. I ran to my mother and said,| " My brother has fallen from the open window!" She was very worried about my brother and then I said, "Don't worry. I'm just joking. " And my mother shouted at me, " If you do it again, I'll punish you. "
One day I went swimming with my friends in the sea. I wanted to play a joke on my friends. In the beginning, I went swimming alone, and I called to my friends, " Help me!" All my friends came to help me, only to find out that I was joking. But the next time I wasn't joking. I swam in deep water and I was so careless that I was almost drowned . I tried my best to call my friends for help, but this time nobody came to saved  my life. They took me to _ . From then on, I haven't joked on anyone. I think this is the best lesson in my life.
The question is: How did the writer's mother feel when she heard what he said about his brother?
The possible answers are:
A:interested.
B:worried.
C:excited.
D:bored.Recently, an Internet game has become a new fashion among young office workers and students. People can "farm" on a piece of "land" and "grow", "sell" or even "steal vegetables", "flowers" and "fruits" on the Net. They can earn some e-money and buy more "seeds", "pets" and even "houses".
Joyce interviewed some young people. Here are their opinions:
Harold: I don't quite understand why they are so mad about the childish game. Maybe they are just not confident enough to face the real world.
Allan: I enjoy putting some "bugs" in my friends' gardens and we've become closer because of the game. Having fun together is the most exciting thing about it.
Laura: You know, people in the city are longing for the life in the countryside. It reduces my work pressure . Besides, it gives me the exciting experience of being a "thief".
Ivy: Well, it's just a waste of time. Teenagers playing the game spend so many hours on it that they can not focus on  their study.
The question is: From Laura's words, we can guess that she's most probably  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:a student
B:an office worker
C:a farmer
D:a thiefSix people are talking about two pie shops in a TV program.
Lily: I've been going to Pie House for twenty years. Now Marie's son is taking care of the business, and he makes pies as good as his mother's. I enjoy my stay there as before. My family also like the pies. We feel relaxed while staying there.
***
Olive: I went to Pie Corner once. Their pies were great, too. But I feel more comfortable at Pie House. I am used to the taste there, which makes me feel happy. I'm really a fan of Pie House.
***
Ned: Uncle Roy used to work for my mom. Later he opened Pie Corner on the next block after he got married. At the beginning, it's not easy for him, but it is becoming more and more popular especially among young people. They think Pie Corner can often give them a surprise.
***
Marie: Roy was already quite _ when working with me. I mean he had different, sometimes even strange, ideas about pies. There were times I thought his pies wouldn't taste good, but they turned out magically delicious. He is really creative and can always make new pies, which attract many people.
***
Lee:  Ned has done quite well with Pie House. His pies make you feel warm. But if you want to try something interesting, you should go to Pie Corner.
***
Chuck: The two pie shops are really different from each other. If eating Roy's pies is like taking an exciting trip, then Ned's pies are just like a sweet home you go back to after a long trip. Which one to go to depends on what you like.
The question is: Which is true about the pie shops?
The possible answers are:
A:Pie House is a family business.
B:Pie Corner is next to Pie House.
C:Pie Corner has a longer history than Pie House.
D:Pie House gives people a place to stay for the night.Dear Mum,
I don't think you understand my life. You think I should be studying all the time. I know you want me to find a good job when I grow up, but I would like to have a wonderful time, too. You never think about fun things for me to do like music, sports. Two days ago, when I was watching a football game on TV, you asked me to stop and do my homework. After finishing my homework, still I wasn't allowed  to read my football magazines. You said I had to go to bed early. That was bad enough, but yesterday was the worst day. I bought some computer games, and put them in my bag so that you wouldn't see them. I told you I had to do my homework first. I know it was wrong to lie  to you, but you told me that Dad would talk to me later. Mum, I didn't quite like what you did to me! I really love you, mum, but I wish you could try not to be so hard on me.
Love,
Zhang  Ning
The question is: Why did Zhang Ning put the computer games in the bag?
The possible answers are:
A:Because he didn't like them.
B:Because he played them many times.
C:Because he wouldn't like his mother to find them.
D:Because there was something wrong with them.How much pocket money do you get from your parents every month--200 yuan?
Some may need more to buy birthday presents, ice cream or cartoon books.But for Li Hong,30 yuan each month is enough. The only thing she buys is lunch--1.5yuan each day."My favorite is noodles and rice." Said Li."But meat is too expensive for me."Li,14,is a student of Grade Eight. Her parents are migrant workers .They first came to Chongqing from a village in Henan two years ago.Her father now works as a cleaner and gets 500 yuan every month. Her mother has no job.Every day,Li gets up at 5:30 am and walks 50 minutes to get to school. She studies hard ,and even reads books during breaks! Her favorite subject is computer."I'm learning typing now. I hope to be the fastest in my class,"said Li. Like many teens, Li has lots of homework--- usually at last one hour every day. But that is not all he work. During the week she helps her mum cook. On weekends, she helps  wash clothes. "I could cook when I was eight. Father said sometimes I cooked better than mum."
Li said she wanted to be a doctor when she grew up. "I wacth TV and find out
There are many  people with AIDS in Henan. Some are kids.I really want to help them."Said Li.
But she is afraid of having to leave school.Li didn't go to school at the age of 12 one year because her family had no money to send her.This year, the school didn't ask her to pay the 600 yuan fees  because her family is too poor."I hope I will always be in school,"said Li."Dad works hard to get money.I have promised him I will study hard to be a good student and a good doctor in the
future."
The question is: Which of the following is WRONG?
The possible answers are:
A:Li Hong has much pocket money.
B:Li Hong is very hard-working.
C:Li Hong wants to do something for her hometown.
D:Li Hong has been in Chongqing for 2 years.Computers are useful machines. They can help people a lot in their daily life. For example, they can help people to save much time to do more work, and they can help people to work out many problems they can't do easily. Our country asks everyone to learn to use computers before the twenty-first century, except the old people.
Today more and more families own computers. Parents buy computers for their children. They hope computers can help them improve their studies in school. However, many of their children use computers to play games, to watch videos or to sing. The teachers and parents complain that computers can not help children to study but make them fall behind. So computers are locked in boxes by parents.
In some other countries, even some scientists also hate computers. They say computers let millions of people lose their jobs or bring them a lot of trouble. Will computers really bring trouble to people or can they bring people happiness?
It will be decided by today's students themselves!
The question is: Why do we say the computer is a useful machine? Because   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:our country asks us to learn it
B:it can help us a lot
C:we can use it to play games
D:it can help us to find jobsAt midnight at New Year's Eve people in Rome and Italy throw (  ) all the things they no longer want .The streets are filled with old chairs ,beds ,clothes and dishes .... In Madrid, Spain, new year comes in more quietly (  ) . People go to the main square, each holding a bag of grapes .As the clock strikes (  ) twelve ,the people eat grapes .
In Tokyo people eat noodles at New Year's Eve. This food is said to bring long life. Early the next morning , some Japanese families climb Mount Fuji. There they watch the first sunrise (  ) of the new year.
In China , New Year's food include (  ) a whole fish and a chicken . The chicken must be presented (  ) with a head ,a tail and two feet to symbolize (  ) completeness ( ) .
The question is: People climb Mount Fuji to   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:see the sun come up
B:look at the stars
C:search for New Year's flowers
D:watch the sun go downJames got up at five to seven. His parents and his little twin sisters went traveling in France and he had to look after himself at home. He opened the fridge, but he found only two hamburgers in it. He decided to have breakfast in the restaurant at the other side of the street. He sat at a table and the waiter came up and said, "Can I take your order , James?"
"But you don't show your menu to me, Mr. Hunt," said the boy.
"Oh, sorry! I forget it. Here it is."
James looked at the menu carefully. It was:
Bread $1.30 Sandwich $1.80 Hamburger $2.40
Pizza $2.40Egg $0.30 Milk $0.50
Coffee $0.70 Coke $0.30
James brought out his wallet and found there was only 6.50 dollars in it.
"Well," said Mr. Hunt. "What about a hamburger, a pizza, two eggs and a glass of coke?"
"Oh, no," said the boy. "I'll buy a picture-book this afternoon. It's 1.50 dollars."
"I see," said the waiter. And then he brought the boy a nice breakfast.
The question is: There were   _   people in James' family.
The possible answers are:
A:three
B:four
C:five
D:sixThere are many things we need to know, but we do not learn them at school. For example, if we want to use our money wisely, we need to shop carefully. We need to know how to compare  the prices of things in different shops. We need to be able to compare the quality of different brands  . We need to know how to make _ choices when we shop.
Knowing how to make such choices is a "life skill", and we need the skill if we want to lead a useful and happy life.
Some of these choices are small. For example, will I have an apple for lunch or a pear? Will I take a bus to school today or will I walk? Will I wear the red T- shirt or the blue one to go to the movie? Other choices are more important. For example, will I eat healthy food for lunch or will I eat junk food? Will I work hard on all my classes or will I work hard only in the classes I enjoy? We make choices like these every day.
Making wrong choices can cause unhappiness. We have to realize that the choices we make can affect the rest of our life. And our choices can also affect other people. If you decide to waste time in class, play a joke on someone or talk loudly at the movie, consider this: who else does your choice affect?
,A, B, C, D,(10).
The question is: Which of the following choices is more important than others according to the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:Will I have an apple for breakfast?
B:Will I walk to school today?
C:Will I study harder at English?
D:Will I wear my blue jeans to go to the party?Mary is from the USA. She has two brothers. Now her family are in China. Her father, Mr Peterson, teaches English in Xihu Middle School. Her mother works in the same school. She teaches English, too. Mary goes to school in her father's car with her mother every day.
Mary is a nice girl student. She can speak a little Chinese. She is very lovely, so she has many Chinese friends. She teaches them English, and they teach her Chinese. Her two brothers are twins. One is Bob, and the other is Bill. They look the same. They are only five. So their grandparents look after them at home. Mrs Peterson has many toys for the twin brothers. Bob likes to play with toy cars, but Bill likes to play with teddy bears. They are happy every day.
The question is: There are   _   people in Mary's family.
The possible answers are:
A:two
B:four
C:six
D:sevenTommy was watching the shutters  open and then shut, open and then shut.
"Mom," he said, "may I go outside?"
"Be careful," she said. "It's so windy today."
Outside, leaves were flying here and there.
Tommy watched in _ .
"If I was a leaf, I would fly across the world," Tommy thought and then ran out into the yard among the colors.
Mrs. Pennington came out.
"Tommy, I have your jacket. Please put it on."
However, there was no Tommy. He was a leaf.
A maple  leaf came to him and moved ahead. Tommy followed him.
"Where do you think we are going?" Tommy asked the leaf.
"Does it matter?" the leaf replied.
"If you are blown in that direction, you will fly high into the air and see things that no leaf has seen before."
"Okay," Tommy said, "I will go with you to the dump ."
Suddenly, a car stopped. It was Tommy's mom. Mrs. Pennington didn't want to let her little boy run into the city dump.
"Not so fast," she said getting out of the car. "You are not allowed to play there. Don't you see the smoke?" She walked over and took the leaf. She put it in her pocket.
"There," she said, "it will be safe until we get home."
Tommy smiled, ran to the car and got in.
The question is: What would happen if Tommy really went to the city dump?
The possible answers are:
A:He might be sold by the maple leaf.
B:He might become an old man who collected trash.
C:He might be killed by the smoke and the fire there.
D:He might found lots of treasure and didn't need to go to school any more.I have a friend. His name is James. He's an English boy. He is thirteen years old. He is tall. He has a round face, big eyes and a big nose. His mouth is wide, but his ears are small. His hair is short.
,.
The question is: James is   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:12
B:13
C:14
D:15With rising food prices, growing population and environmental problems, many people are worrying about how we will feed ourselves in the future. Don't worry. Scientists are trying to find some answers.
Some scientists believe insects will become a staple of our diet. Insects provide as many nutrients as ordinary meat and a great source of protein  , they also cost less to raise than cows and use less water. About 1,400 species are suitable as food for humans. Many people have already eaten insects as a part of their diet. Locusts are popular in Africa, wasps are a dish in Japan, and crickets are eaten in Thailand. The Dutch government is preparing for insect farms and has invested one million euros into research.
In the future, land and fresh water will be in short supply. It is possible that people need to find a reliable food source in the ocean. Scientists have already found one at the bottom of the food chain---seaweed. It has long been a staple in Asia, and countries including Japan have huge seaweed farms. Such farms can easily work in other countries and be very successful. The great thing about seaweed is that it grows at an amazing rate. It's the fastest growing plant on earth.
Scientists are also working in the lab to solve the problem of food shortage. A few years ago, European scientists successfully produced lab meat, also known as cultured meat. They grew muscle tissue using stem cells taken from cows. The experiment was funded by NASA to see if lab meat was a food astronauts could eat in space.
In 20 years' time , lab meat is likely to become a popular dish of our diet. According to research, growing meat in a lab rather than slaughtering  animals can greatly reduce greenhouse gases, along with energy and water use. People can also reduce fat from the meat and add nutrients.
The question is: According to the passage, which of the following is NOT a potential problem humans face in the future?
The possible answers are:
A:Rising food prices.
B:Growing population.
C:Fewer skillful farmers.
D:Less fresh water availableBill is only fifteen years old,but he's already very rich.Two years ago,Bill began a football website for young people. "I became interested in computers when I was 8 years old  because my father's job is with computers.As a little boy,I also loved football and so I decided to make a website,especially for people of my age."
Bill started the "Football OK!" website two years ago,and now more than 20,000 people visit it every day.
Bill is a schoolboy and a businessman as well.He usually gets up at six o'clock and looks at his e-mails.Then he goes to school from nine to four.In the evenings,he always works for about four hours on his website.
Bill's next plan is a new website." At the moment I am thinking about a new website on American football,maybe for next year."
And is Bill the same person that he was three years ago? "'No,I am very different now.I have met a lot of interesting people on the website and I have traveled all over the world." Bill doesn't know about the future."Maybe I will sell the websites. I really don't know.I'll just wait and see."
Some people say that when he is 21,Bill will be a millionaire . He always says, " _ "!
The question is: Football OK is the name of  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:a young businessman
B:a computer game
C:a millionaire
D:a websiteOne of the most popular items  in the school newspaper is the advice column. No one knows who writes it. The students think their teacher does, but it might be a student using a false name.
The students enjoy thinking up problems for the advice column. Here are some of them and their answers.
Ask the Wise Owl
Q: I'm always late for school. I try not to be, but I can't help it. Please advise me what to do. Tommy.
A: You are probably late for school because you don't really like school. My advice to you is to try and enjoy school more, then you won't be late so often.
Q: I find it difficult to make friends. What do you think I should do? Sara.
A: I can't advise you until I know more about you. Your problem may be that you are shy. On the other hand, it may be the opposite. You may be too bold . Write and tell me more about yourself.
Q: I'm always at the bottom(,) of the class. What do you advise me to do? Molly.
A: I advise you to concentrate on  improving your grades in one subject to start with. If you can do this, you should move a little way up from the bottom. Next, try to improve your grades in another subject, and so on. If you concentrate on one subject at a time, by the end of the year you should be quite a long way up from the bottom in all your classes.
The question is: What does the Wise Owl want Sara to do?
The possible answers are:
A:Give more information about herself.
B:Stop being so shy.
C:Make more friends.
D:Stop being so bold.Fifty-three years ago Barbie Millicent Roberts first appeared in the world of toys. Since then, Barbie doll, as everyone called her, has become the most successful toy doll in history.  Her parent, the Mattel Company, said that 90% of all American girls between 3 and 10 have at least one Barbie at home.
However, Barbie is facing some trouble at present . There are many similar dolls on the market in competition with her. Another doll named Bratz, for example, came to life thirteen years ago. She looks more like today's pop stars with heavy makeup  and miniskirts. And her company offers more kinds of clothes too.
It seems that Barbie has lost her magic among older girls. 'For younger girls, playing with a Barbie is much fun. But when you get older, you want something smarter and more modern,' says Vera Shepherd, a shop assistant in a New York toy store.
It is good news that on the international market, Barbie is still No. 1. Although Mattel is selling fewer barbie in the United States these years, sales in other countries are still going up.  In January 2009, Mattel opened its first Barbie store in Shanghai, where girls can shop, eat, drink or even become _ for their own Barbies.
Mattel is planning big celebrations for Barbie's 53rd birthday. She has called Fashion designers from all over the world to make new dresses for Barbie. How long will Barbie stay popular in the world of toy dolls? It is hard to say, but 53 is surely not the age to retire .
The question is: Barbie's trouble is that  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:it wears heavy makeup and miniskirts
B:other dolls are more popular with little girls
C:other dolls are trying to beat her in the market
D:it has become less popular in the international marketI used to hate my mother because she worked a lot and didn't spend much time with me. Then one Friday morning I took part in a three-day self-help program for teenagers. Whether you believe it or not, that weekend changed my life.
About 100 other teenagers were there. During the first two days I met a lot of great people. I was glad because I made so many friends there.
On Sunday, the leader did an interesting exercise called "Chocolate or Toys". He asked a girl which she liked better, chocolate or toys. She chose chocolate. Then he asked her to choose again between chocolate and chocolate. Of course, she didn't have a choice.
This exercise told us that sometimes we don't have a choice in life, and that sometimes we have to accept something, rather than complaining .
A girl stood up and started talking about her mom who was a drug addict  and how much she hated her mother.
"I want a new mom," she cried.
"Unluckily, you can't have one," the leader replied.
"You have to accept the mother that you have."
This hit me hard. I realized that, for better or worse, my mom was my mom. I couldn't choose another mom, but I could try to make the best of the situation.
The question is: From the end of the passage, we can know that   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:the writer used to love his mom for years
B:the writer's mom is a very bad person
C:the writer's mom loves her son very much
D:the writer will try to get along with his motherMy favourite shop is called' Model World'. It is on the second floor of Happy Plaza, near to Pizza Club. It is open from 10 a.m. to 8 p.m. every day.
Model World' sells all kinds of models. It has model soldiers, cars, boats, airplanes, space shuttles and even dinosaurs. It has models for young children and models for adults  . Some models have just about twenty pieces, and others have over 2,000 pieces. You can also buy paints and glue   and other things there.
The staff at ' Model World' is very nice. They are very interested in making models. They will give you advice, and answer all of your questions. The prices are not low but they are not high. My best buy was a model of a helicopter. It cost $ 30 but it had over 400 pieces. It was really fun to make. If you are interested in models, you should visit this shop.
The question is: The writer wrote the passage to tell us about   _
The possible answers are:
A:his favourite model
B:his favourite shop
C:how to make models
D:why it was fun to make modelsOne day when Jack was walking inthe park, he saw a woman he knew sitting on a bench with a dog beside her. The dog was looking up at the woman.
Jack walked up to the woman and said, "Hello. Sue, how are you? May I sit and talk with you for a while?"
"Of course, please sit down,"Sue said.
Jack sat down next to Sue on the bench, and they talked quietly together.
The dog continued to look up at Sue, as if waiting to be fed.
"That's a nice dog"Jack said, pointing at the animal.
"Yes, he's handsome. He's a bit of a mixture  but that's not a bad thing.
He's strong and healthy"
"And hungry," Jack said. "He hasn't taken his eyes off you. He thinks you've got
some food for him."
"That's true,"Sue said, But I haven't."
The two friends laughed and then Jack said, "Does your dog bite?"
"No," Sue said. "He's never bitten anyone. He's always gentle and good-tempered
 ."
Hearing this, Jack decided to _ the dog. He put out his hand and touched the
animal's head. Immediately it jumped up and bit him.
"Hey!" Jack shouted. "You said he didn't bite."
"No, I didn't,"Sue replied.  "You asked,if my dog bit, and I said no.
The question is: The dog looked  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:angrily at Jack
B:sick
C:as if he would bite Sue
D:hungryDear Henry,
How are you? I'm writing to you in my school. It's a middle school. Our school is very nice. There are about 2000 students and 150 teachers in our school. There are three grades and in each grade there are ten classes. I'm in Class Two, Grade Seven. I go to school from Monday to Friday. There are five classes in the morning and two in the afternoon. We play games every afternoon after class. I like playing soccer very much. I often play it with my classmates.
I have three good friends. One of them is Li Lei. He is a Chinese boy. He often helps me with my Chinese. I help him study English. The others are twins. They are Lucy and Lily. They come from England. We often sing and dance together. We are very happy!
Please write soon.
Yours,
Ben
The question is: How many classes does Ben have a day?
The possible answers are:
A:Four.
B:Two.
C:Five.
D:Seven.Have you ever stayed in a hotel? Most Chinese hotel often provide guests with things like disposable toothbrushes, toothpaste, shampoo and slippers. Many guests like the idea because they don't have to bring their own.  But ,if you travel to Beijing, remember to bring your own things.  Starting from June, some hotels in Beijing will no longer provide guests with these disposables.  They want to ask people to use fewer disposable things.
Many disposable things are made of plastic.  People throw them away after only using them once.  It is a waste of natural resources and is very bad for the environment.  Do you know that one Chinese person makes as much as as 400kg of waste a year? Most of that waste comes from disposable things.  In Beijing, people throw away about 19,000 tons of plastic bags and 1,320 tons of plastic lunch bowls every year! Plastic can take between 100 and 400 years to bread down.  So wherever you travel, bring your own things and use them again and again.
Back at home and school, you can also do something to make our world a better place.  Try to do these things in your daily life: use cloth shopping bags, not plastic ones. After using a plastic bag, wash it out and let it dry.  Then you can use it over and over again.  Do not use paper cups.  At your school canteen . use your own bowl and chopsticks instead of  disposable ones.
The question is: Why do many hotels provide guests with some disposable things?
The possible answers are:
A:To let their guests take fewer things while travelling.
B:To hope their guests use fewer disposable things.
C:To wish their guests to save money.
D:To want their guests to use more disposable things.Life is like the four seasons. Now I am very old, but when I was young, it was the spring of my life. After I was born, I played a lot, and then I started school. I learned many new things. Like a flower, I grew bigger every day. There were happy days and _ ldays: some days the sun shone, and some days it didn't.
In my twenties, I had a good job. I was strong and happy. Then I married and had a child. In those days, I didn't have much time to think. Every day I was busy and worked very hard. And so, I started to get some white hairs. The summer of my life passed quickly.
Then the days got shorter. Leaves fell from the trees. My child was a university student, and then an engineer. My home was much quieter. I started walking more slowly. One day I stopped working. I had more time. I understood this was my autumn, a beautiful time when the trees change color and give us delicious fruits.
But the days kept getting shorter and colder. Winter has come. I am older and weaker. I know I do not have many days left, but I will enjoy them to the end.
The question is: According to the passage, which of the following ages is during the summer of his life?
The possible answers are:
A:15.
B:33.
C:62.
D:87.Strong Museum
Hours
Monday---Thursday: 10:00 am---5:00 pm          Friday: 10:00 am---8:00 pm
Saturday: 10:00 am -- -5:00 pm                  Sunday: 11:00 am---5:00 pm
Closed on Thanksgiving Day and Christmas Day.
The Museum Shop is open during regular museum hours.
The Museum Library is open during Monday---Friday: 10:00 am---5:00 pm.
The Skyliner Restaurant is open during regular museum hours from Monday to Saturday, and from 11:30 am to 5:00 pm on Sunday.
Admission 
Adults: $7.00                  The aged and students with ID: $6.00
Strong Museum offers a 50% discount  to groups of 20 or more.
The question is: Strong Museum usually opens  _   except on Thanksgiving Day and Christmas Day.
The possible answers are:
A:Monday to Thursday
B:every day
C:every weekday
D:at weekendsThe telephone rang when Mrs. Gates was cooking lunch. Her son Bruce went to answer the phone. His aunt said she was coming to see them with her daughter that afternoon. Mrs. Gates was happy because she hadn't seen her sister for several months. She knew the girl liked bananas very much, but she was busy in the kitchen and couldn't go to buy any for her. She gave some money to Bruce and said, "Go and buy two kilos of bananas in the shop. "
Bruce liked bananas, too. He went out happily. Half an hour later he came back with a bag in his hand. Mrs. Gates weighed the bananas and found they were half a kilo short. She took the bag to the shopkeeper and said, "I sent my little son for two kilos of bananas, but you gave him only one and a half kilos!" "Have you weighed your little son yet, madam?" asked the shopkeeper, "My scales   are all right."
The question is: How many bananas did Bruce give his mother?
The possible answers are:
A:Half a kilo
B:One kilo.
C:One and a half kilos.
D:Two kilos.Tom saw an advertisement in a newspaper for a beautiful bicycle. It cost 55 pounds. So he went to the shop and asked to see one of the wonderful bicycles.
The owner of the shop was harpy to show one to Tom. Tom examined it carefully, and turned to the owner and said, "There isn't a lamp on this bicycle. hut there was one on the bicycle in your advertisement."
"Yes, Sir, "answered the man." But the lamp isn't included in the price of bicycle."
"Not included in the price of bicycle?" Tom said angrily. "But that's not honest. If the lamp is in the advertisement, it should be included in the price.""Well, Sir," answered the shop owner coldly. "There is also a girl on the bicycle in the advertisement. but we cannot give you a girl with the bicycle, either."
The question is: After he read the advertisement, Tom decided to   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:see and buy the lamp
B:examine the bicycle
C:see and buy the bike
D:ask the shop ownerLittle Mike's grandmother died weeks ago. He missed her very much. One afternoon Mike went to the city park where his grandmother used to go. There he saw an old lady. She looked very kind. She was sitting there, watching pigeons . Little Mike went up and sat next to her. He took out his food and drinks and gave some to her. She smiled at him. Her smile was very sweet and Mike wanted to see it again. She seemed to understand him, so once again she smiled. Mike was very happy.
They sat there all the afternoon, eating and talking. As it was dark, Mike got up to leave. Before he left, he hugged the old lady and she gave him her sweetest smile.
When Mike got home, his mother was surprised by the happy look on his face. " I met an old lady in the park. Her smile was like the smile I used to see on Grandmother's face."
The old lady also returned to her home happily. She told her son she had food and drinks with a little boy. " He was as lovely as Bill." She said. Her son was surprised, because he had never been so happy since Bill, her grandson, died weeks ago.
The question is: Little Mike went to the park and   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:played with pigeons
B:fed pigeons
C:met an old lady
D:saw a friend of his grandmother'sHippos live in Africa. Their sweat is red. Sometimes they walk a long way to find water. In fact hippos walk in the water. They can't swim.
Hippos love to play in the water in the day. They liked to eat plants at night. They never eat meat. They are easy to be angry.
An adult hippo is about 3,000 kg. He can run very fast. But he cannot run a long way. His longest tooth is about 60 cm. His open mouth is big. A child can get into it.
Crocodiles eat young hippos. But they cannot
adult hippos.
The question is: Hippos can't   _    in the water.
The possible answers are:
A:run
B:swim
C:walk
D:jumpThere was a famous church  in London. It was 110 meters high. The center of the church was like a bell. The ceiling of the church was painted by a famous artist. They built a platform  so that the artist could put up a ladder on it and paint the ceiling. The platform was about 70 meters over the ground.
One day the artist was working hard and nearly finished one popular corner of the ceiling. Also on the platform was his assistant , who was mixing paints. The artist stepped back so that he could see how his work was doing. To have a better look at his painting, he stepped back again. _ 
"What do you think you are doing?" he shouted angrily. "Are you mad ?" His assistant replied, "I saw you walking backwards to have a better look at your painting. But you didn't notice that you reached the very edge  of the platform. You were in great danger. I wanted to make you move forwards. If I had not made you run forwards, you would have fallen backwards off the edge of the platform."
The question is: What did the assistant do to stop the artist falling off the platform?
The possible answers are:
A:He ran forwards to stop him
B:He stopped mixing the paints.
C:He painted a famous painting himself.
D:He shouted to the artist and painted his painting.One day a rich man meets Tom. The rich man asks, "People say you are very clever  and nothing is difficult  for you. Can you tell my why you are so clever? " Tom answers with a smile, "Oh, I'm not clever. Instead  , you are too _ ." The rich man becomes very very angry.
Tom says, "Sir, please don't be angry. If you don't believe me, now let me ask you a very easy question: If you have a group of sheep , I send you another group. Then, you say, how many groups of sheep do you have?"
"Why! That's the easiest question in the world. One and one is two. Anybody knows _ . I have two groups of sheep , of course."
Tom laughs and says, "You are wrong , Sir. Two groups of sheep put together is still one group. That's the easiest question in the world , isn't it?"
The question is: People say Tom  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:is very clever
B:has good eyes
C:is very strong
D:is very helpfulDear Mike,
How are you? Are you still coming to my birthday party in January? My family, friends and classmates are all coming. The party is on Monday, January 13 at 6:00. It's at Uncle Tom's restaurant in the city. First, we can eat and talk from 6:00 to 7:45. After that we can go to a movie in ZJG Shopping Park near Zhonglian(GDH) International Hotel. Every Monday, there's a movie on at 8:00. I hope you can come. You can meet my other friends and my sisters, too.
Write soon!
Kathy
The question is: What is Kathy talking about in her letter?
The possible answers are:
A:Mike's birthday party.
B:Kathy's birthday party.
C:Uncle Tom's birthday party.
D:A movie starts at 8:00.Maybe you know floods, earthquakes, sandstorms and so on. But have you heard of typhoons?
Typhoons are some of the worst storms, usually around the Pacific Ocean and the South China Sea. Most happen in July, August and September.
How does a typhoon happen? When lots of sea water gets hot in the summer sun, it evaporates  into the air. This makes the air hotter. When the air gets warm enough, it starts to move higher up into sky. Then cooler air around it rushes in. It fills the space that is left. After the air gets warmer, it starts to move quickly, making wind. The wind goes in circles and it keeps moving higher in the sky. The warmer the air gets, the quicker the wind moves. And when the wind moves faster than 30 metres a second, a typhoon begins.
A typhoon has two parts, one is called the "eye". In the eye, the wind does not move so fast. The other part is the wall of clouds around the eye. Here are the strongest winds and hardest rains.
Typhoons are very dangerous. In November this year, Typhoon Haiyan killed 5500 people in Philippines. More people are missing.
What to do when a typhoon hits?
Stay inside. Close all the windows and stay away from them.
Try to bring all of your things inside. Strong winds could even blow away your bikes!
Listen to the radio or TV for important information.
If you're told to go to a safer place, do it right now.
The question is: This passage is most probably from  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:an advertisement of a typhoon
B:a travel record
C:a weather report
D:a science magazineWill you trust your friends if you can't see anything? If you are falling, do you believe they will catch you and help you stand up? Our teacher helped us to get the answer.
One day, Mr. Morrie came into the classroom and said he had a game for us to try. He divided us into two groups. One student from the first group, stood in front of us with his eyes closed, and then fell backwards . The second group stood behind him. Before he fell on the floor, they should catch him and not let him get hurt. Most of us were uncomfortable with this. We were afraid that they wouldn't catch us and we would hit the floor. So we didn't move. We just stood there and laughed in embarrassment.
Finally, one student, a thin, quiet, dark-haired girl called Sarah, decided to move. She crossed her arms in front of her body, closed her eyes, and slowly fell backwards. She looked quiet but brave.
For a moment, I was sure that she was going to fall on the floor. But before she hit the floor, the other students caught her, held her and finally helped her stand up.
"Whoa!!" We were all surprised, and also encouraged . The girl was happy, too. Seeing this, Morrie smiled and said to the girl, "When you close your eyes, you can't see anything. You won't feel safe. When you are falling, the feeling gets stronger. You are not sure whether you will hit the cold, hard floor or the warm, soft hands of your friends. But if you are brave enough to trust them, they will not let you down ."
The question is: Why didn't the students move at first?
The possible answers are:
A:They didn't want to play the game.
B:They thought the floor was dirty.
C:They didn't understand Marrie.
D:They were afraid of falling down.The cost of medical care in the United States is very high. The time and money that doctors spend on their medical education is probably one reason for this problem.
A visit to a doctor's office costs from 15 to 50 dollars. It's so expensive. Many people in the United States think that doctors are overpaid. However, most doctors disagree. They say that they were asked to study medicine for a long time. Tuition for many years of medical education costs a lot of money. Doctors say that it is necessary for most medical students to borrow money from the bank to pay their tuition. Because their money must be repaid to the bank, young doctors need to receive a lot of money for their work. So they charge people high prices for medical care.
Therefore the cost of medical care in America is high. Because high tuition is one cause of high costs, one way to lower costs would be to have medical school that are free or have low tuition.
The question is: The cost of medical care in the USA is very high. What does the writer think about it?
The possible answers are:
A:He agrees that doctors are overpaid.
B:He thinks it is a big problem and suggests   solving   it.
C:He doesn't think the medical students should borrow money from banks.
D:He doesn't think it necessary for the medical students to study for a long time.My name is Max. I am twelve years old. I have many friends. Most of them are as old as I. Some are older. Some are younger.
My best friend is Bill. He lives near me. We go to the same school and we are in the same class. Bill helps me with my math homework. I help him with his English homework. Bill is taller than me. He is quite fat. He doesn't like sports, so he doesn't get much exercise. We both have black eyes, but Bill's hair is longer. I like sports and I play football or go swimming every day. Every Sunday morning Bill and I play computer games. Sometimes I win. Sometimes he wins.
,,2B.
The question is: Most of Max's friends are   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:twelve years old
B:older than Max
C:younger than Max
D:thirteen years oldWhen you hear Westerners say " Drop in anytime" or "Come and see me soon" , you should realize that it doesn't mean you are welcome to come over to their house anytime. It's wise to telephone before visiting someone.
Never accept an invitation unless you really plan to go. You may refuse by saying, "Thank you for inviting me, but I may not be able to come." If you are unable to come after accepting the invitation, be sure to tell those who invite you in advance that you will not be there.
When you have accepted the invitation to a party or a dinner, it is polite to bring small gifts with you, such as bottles of drink, flowers and chocolate. Sometimes Westerners may take you out to dinner in a restaurant and it does not necessarily mean that he is going to pay the bill at the end of the meal. He might want you to " _ ", which means each person pays his own bill.
The question is: The best title of this passage is   _
The possible answers are:
A:Drop in anytime.
B:Come and see me soon.
C:Invitation in western countries.
D:Westerners.There are a lot of reasons why growing your own food is a good idea. GIY helps reduce carbon dioxide(CO2) emissions . Food in supermarkets travels a long way and that produces a lot of CO2. If you grow as many vegetables as you can at home, you can help save the earth.
Vegetables you grow are also good for your health because they have more nutrients than supermarket vegetables and they don't have chemicals.
How much money can you save? First of all, seeds are a lot of cheaper than vegetables, and secondly, you can save more by planting the most expensive and the most productive  vegetables. You can give your vegetables to fiends and neighbors. It can make you very popular.
Don't worry if you don't have much space. To GIY, you don't even need a garden. You can use pots on your balconies . And don't worry if your space doesn't get much sun. You can plant vegetables that don't need a lot of sun to grow.
Grow your own vegetables now. You will have both a healthier body and a healthier social life.
The question is: Where is the passage probably taken from?
The possible answers are:
A:An advertisement.
B:A science fiction.
C:A story book.
D:A newspaper.This is my schoolbag. It isn't very big but it's very nice .There is a big pencil box in my bag. There is a picture of a dog on my pencil box. There are two pens and three pencils in it.The ruler in my pencil box is very long .There is a small ball in my schoolbag. It is for my cousin Jim.
The question is: The ruler is   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:long
B:short
C:big
D:smallOnce a boy came to ask a fisherman how to become cleverer, because his mother always called him foolish boy.
"That's easy," answered the fisherman, " I know one way to make you become cleverer."
"Really?"
"Of course. It is said a fish head is good for brain . If you eat one, you'll become cleverer indeed. Pay only three pounds for one fish head." The boy paid him three pounds and the fisherman cut off a fish head and handed it to him.
A raw  fish head is no good-not even for a hungry boy to eat but the boy ate it up in two gulps .
"Do you feel anything?" asked the fisherman.
"Not in my head," said the boy.
The boy lay on the ground and thought, " One whole fish costs  only two pounds. I had paid him three pounds for the fish head, why couldn't I have the whole fish for the soup , a head of fish and one pound left over!" He jumped up and shouted at the fisherman. "You thief! You are fooling me!" The fisherman laughed, saying, " The fish head works now, you see."
The question is: The boy ate up the raw fish head only in two gulps, because he   _   .
The possible answers are:
A:enjoyed it
B:wanted to taste it
C:took it as a good medicine
D:was a foolish boyErden Eruc has been rowing across the Pacific Ocean in a rowboat since he left California on July 10, 2007. He has been heading for Australia with only birds, fish, and sharks ever since.
Crossing the Pacific is only part of his journey. Eruc has decided to go all the way around the world using his own energy. He will row, bike, walk and climb the world without help from any motors  at all. His plan includes climbing the tallest peak on six of the continents  along the way.
For the first part of his trip, he bicycled 5,546 miles from Seattle, Washington to Mount McKinley in Alaska and back, walked 67 miles to base camp and climbed 20,320 feet to McKinley's peak. Now in the second part of his adventure , he is rowing to Australia.
Why would he try to go around the world this way? He explains that he wants to encourage kids to dream their dreams and get to their own goals. He wants to show kids that there might be hard parts along the way, and sometimes they might not even get to that final goal. But they can have adventures and learn a lot along the way.
When his trip around the world takes him across land, he enjoys meeting people---especially children. He has already visited many schools and shared his story. Eruc encourages all kids to set their eyes on a goal and not give up. He says, "with goals, we will make progress, and we will be farther along than when we started, even if we don't get to some goals.  That's called life!"
The question is: We can learn from the passage that Eruc   _   during his adventure.
The possible answers are:
A:took a train
B:rowed his boat
C:traveled by air
D:traveled by busWhen you travel in Hong Kong,you must be careful of the traffic rules,because the traffic keeps to the left and it's different from that of the interior of China.Before crossing the street,you must look to the right and then to the left.If the traffic lights are red,the traffic must stop,people can go across the zebra line.If the traffic lights turn green,the traffic can go,and people mustn't cross the road.
In the morning and in the evening,when people go to or come from work,the streets are very busy.The traffic is the most dangerous.
When you go somewhere by bus in Hong Kong,you have to be careful,too.Always remember the traffic keeps to the left.Have a look first,or you may go the wrong way.In Hong Kong,there are a lot of big buses with two floors.You'd better sit on
the second floor.From there you can watch the city very well.How interesting!
The question is: You can see the city very well on the  _  floor of the bus.
The possible answers are:
A:first
B:second
C:third
D:fourthIn most parts of the world, many students help their school make less pollution. They join in "environment clubs". In an environment club, people work together to make our environment clean.
Here are things students often do:
Turn off the water! Do you know that some toilets can waste twenty to
forty tons of water an hour? In a year, that would fill a small water! In environment clubs, students mend those broken toilets.
No-car day. On a no-car day, nobody comes to school in a car-not the students and not the teachers. Cars give pollution to our air, so remember: walk, jump, bike or run.
Use your legs! It's lots of fun!
No-garbage  lunches. How much do you throw away after lunch?
Environment clubs ask students to bring their lunches in bags that can be used
again. Every week they will choose the classes that make the least garbage
and report them to the whole school.
We love our environment! Let's work together to make it clean!
The question is: Environment clubs ask students  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:to run to school every day
B:to play sports every day
C:not to throw away lunch bags
D:not to forget to take carsJane  09:45:10
Hi, Jim. Nice to meet you!
I'm a girl. My name is Jane Green. My favorite   color is red. I have a red bike. My bike number is 67582. My telephone number is 873-3516.
Jim 09:46:05
Hi, Jane . Nice to meet you, too!
I'm a boy. My name's Jim Hand. My favorite color is blue. I have a blue car.  My car number is ZA9Z78. And my telephone number is 894-2015.
The question is: Jim's car number is   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:67582
B:873-3516
C:ZA9Z78
D:894-2015How do you feel when you have to make a speech in front of class? What about when you go to a birthday party? Do you get really shy?
Shyness means feeling nervous or afraid when you're around other people. Experts have found that more than 80% of middle school students feel afraid to be the center of attention. Some kids are born shy. Some become shy later because of their life experiences .
It's OK if it takes you a while _ when you go to a new place or meet new people. In fact, everybody gets a little shy sometimes. It's just a case of how much.
Most people have red faces and talk in broken sentences when they get shy. But some become so shy that they won't go to a restaurant because they are too nervous to order and pay for their food. Some are afraid of meeting new people, so they seldom go outside. This kind of shyness can be bad for a person.
If shyness doesn't stop you from doing something you want to do, being shy isn't a very big problem. Some experts say shy people are cleverer because they think more and talk less. Shy people are also good at working with others because they think more for other people. Some great people in history were shy, too.
You see, being shy isn't all bad. But remember not to let good opportunities  pass by just because of it! If you have to sing a song at a birthday party or practice your spoken English in front of others, just do it! There's nothing to be afraid of.
The question is: What kind of shyness can be bad according to the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:You find it hard to enjoy yourself at a party.
B:You feel a little nervous when you go to a new place.
C:You seldom go outside, afraid of meeting new people.
D:You have a red face when you're asked to answer a question in class.Do you know why people look the way they look? What inside our bodies makes us grow in a certain way? The answer is DNA. It was first discovered by a young Swiss doctor in 1868.
DNA is like a computer program for your body. Almost every cell  in your body includes DNA. The way DNA in the cell decides why you are the way you are. For example your friend might have larger ears than you. This is because their DNA is different from yours.
DNA lives in the cell and is ordered in a structure called a "double helix ". In each double helix there are links called as chromosomes . These chromosomes are made from four bases that arrange themselves in millions of different ways. The way these bases choose to line up is what makes the DNA code for that cell.
DNA is also called a "gene ". This is a very interesting thing. Genes are passed down from your parents. That is why you might have the same smile like your dad's or mom's!
In February, scientists found the skeleton  of Richard III, King of England from 1483-1485, under a car park in England. It seems unlikely that scientists could identify a 527-year-old skeleton. However, they matched the skeleton's DNA to a sample from one of his direct descendants . How amazing!
The question is: _   discovered DNA.
The possible answers are:
A:A Swiss scientist
B:A Swiss doctor
C:A young student
D:A Swiss workerAlexia Sloane is from Cambridge. She was told by the doctor she had a brain tumor   when she was on holiday "with her parents in France. After that the two-year-old girl became blind.
Though the little girl can't see anything, she has great talent for languages and at the age of 10 she is already fluent   in English, French, Spanish and Chinese-and is learning German.
Now her dream of working as an interpreter has come true. East of England MEP   Robert Sturdy invited her to the European Parliament  . "Usually a person who enters the European Parliament should be 14 at least. So it was amazing for Alexia to work there at the age of 10. " said Alexia's mother Isabelle. Alexia can speak three languages since birth. As her mum is hah" French and half Spanish and her dad Richard is English. " She has always been very good at languages and shown an interest from a very young age. " added Isabelle, who also has a four-year-old daughter Melissa.
Alexia has dreamed of becoming an interpreter since she was six and chose to go to the European Parliament as her prize when she won the Young Achiever Community Award of the Year  . She asked if she could learn from the interpreters and HEP Robert Sturdy agreed to take her along as his guest. " It was fantastic and I decided to become an interpreter, "said Alexia. "Nothing can stop me. "
The question is: How old is the youngest interpreter according to the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:4.
B:6.
C:10.
D:14.Come to Murray's big sale on clothes and things  for school. They are at a very good price .
Do you like jackets? We have jackets in all colors at 25 dollars  each. Do you need bags for shopping or school? We have great bags for only 9 dollars.
For young boys and girls, we have T-shirts in red, yellow, white and black for only 20 dollars. And socks  in all colors for 2 dollars, skirts and pants for 5 dollars!
See our nice schoolbags, pencils,pens and old books--everything   for school! Come and see for yourself at Murray's shop!
,.
The question is: You can buy a pair of   _   for boys for 5 dollars.
The possible answers are:
A:socks
B:shoes
C:gloves
D:pantsMany overseas Chinese make their kids learn the Chinese language because they don't want them to lose their mother language.
In the city of Portland in the USA, there is a weekend Chinese school in a church. In the school, there are Chinese kids and American kids. They study Chinese on Saturdays and Sundays. Teachers at the school are usually some overseas Chinese women. Miss Tian is one of them. She is from Beijing. She teaches her students many Chinese characters, sentences and Chinese songs.
Most of these kids speak English better than Chinese, because they spend most of their time at the local school, and their classmates are American.Their teachers teach them in English.
When the overseas Chinese children get home after school, their parents often speak Chinese to them. Only at that time do they think they are at home.
The question is: Where do the kids learn Chinese?
The possible answers are:
A:In their school.
B:At home.
C:In a park
D:In a weekend Chinese school in a church.Audrey is a Chinese-American student. She has found many value   differences between the Chinese and Americans.
About money
* The American children love to make money by themselves. Chinese children always ask their parents for money.
* American parents don't think it is useful to send their children to an expensive university. Chinese parents would do anything to send their children to good universities even if it could make them very poor.
About school
* Many American girls take part in sports, dancing and singing groups. Many Chinese girls take part in academic   groups.
* American students usually feel happy when they get B in an exam. Chinese students feel sad when they get B.
American parents and Chinese parents
American parents allow  their daughters or sons to go out with their friends if they come back home at the certain time. Chinese parents usually don't allow their children in middle school to go out with their friends at night.
American teachers and Chinese teachers
During parent-teacher meetings, American teachers will always find good things to say to
The parents, even to those with the worst grades. But Chinese teachers often tell the parents the mistakes that their children made at school.
The question is: Chinese girls spend  _  time doing sports, singing and dancing than American girls.
The possible answers are:
A:more
B:less
C:a little
D:fewerAutistic   children may learn better from robots than from human beings, according to a study at a school in Birmingham.
Two robots like humans, Max and Ben, have been helping teach autistic children at Sutcliffe Primary School since March last year. The school is the first in the UK to try the new way.
Ian Lowe, the head teacher, said, "The robots have no feelings, so autistic children find that they are less terrible than their teachers."
He added, "They are really cute-looking. Autistic children are hard to communicate with adults and other children, but for some reasons they like these robots.
"Some children are not able to communicate with others. But they come into school and start to communicate through the robots."
The robots are knee-high and move like children. The school is using them to teach phonics   and play cards or memory and imitation   games with children from five to ten.
Dr Guldberg said, "We do many different activities with the robots acting as a model   for the children's behavior. It is amazing to see how interested and concentrated the children can be when they are working with the robots. It can be very difficult to get autistic children to concentrate."
He added, "If you can meet the needs of autistic children, you can meet the needs of all children. And you know, when people feel safe and interested, they learn much better."
The question is: The school uses the two robots to teach the following things EXCEPT  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:phonics
B:playing cards
C:imitation games
D:sports gamesWe have a new house.It has blue windows and a red door.There is a big garden in front of the house.There are many flowers in it.They are red, yellow, pink and white.We have a dog and a cat now.The dog's name is Brownie.She is brown and yellow.The cat's name is Tabby.He is black and grey.They are lovely.Dad, Mum, Brownie, Tabby and I are a happy family.
The question is: What color are the windows?
The possible answers are:
A:Blue
B:Yellow
C:Red
D:BrownTom is a fat boy when he is ten. He likes watching TV very much. He watches TV at least 5 hours every day. Wherever he goes, he will be late.
One day, he finds a pair of special glasses in his post-box. He also finds a message saying, "With these you can see time."
The boy wants to have a try. He puts the glasses on, looks at his brother, a tall and thin boy, and sees a big box of flowers on top of his head. And it isn't just like his brother. When he looks at his parents, he also sees the flowers. The three boxes are very beautiful. Then, he looks at himself from the mirror. He sees the flowers, too. But his flowers goes to the mouth of the television. Its mouth is big. His flowers becomes fewer and fewer.
At last, he learns that watching TV is a _ of time. He can learn nothing from it. He decides he will never again let the television eat his time.
The question is: What does Tom look like?
The possible answers are:
A:Tall.
B:Short.
C:Thin.
D:Fat.In a Police Mess , an officer wanted to get some fresh vegetables. He was so pleased with his mushrooms that he decided to share them. When their breakfast arrived the next day, each officer found some mushrooms on his plate.
"Try the dog with a piece first." Suggested one cautious officer who was afraid that the " mushrooms" might be poisonous.
The dog seemed to enjoy its mushrooms, and the officers then began to eat their meal, saying that the mushrooms tasted wonderful.
An hour later, however, there was great confusion when the gardener rushed in to announce that the dog was dead. Immediately, the officers jumped into their cars and rushed to the nearest hospital. Stomach pumps were used and the officers had a very unpleasant time getting rid of the remains of the mushrooms.
When they returned to the mess, they sat down and started to discuss the symptoms of the mushroom poisoning. The gardener was called in to give a full account of the way the poor dog had died. " Did it suffer much before death?" asked one of the officer, feeling very pleased that he had escaped a painful death himself. The gardener looked rather surprised , " No, " he said in a puzzled tone. " It was killed when a car ran over it."
, .
The question is: The officers rushed to the nearest hospital  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:two hours after breakfast
B:after the gardener rushed in to announce that the dog was dead.
C:just before lunch
D:about half an hour after breakfastI will never forget my first English class. It is very interesting. It's the first class in the morning. The teacher goes into the classroom with a smile on his face. At the beginning, he makes a self-introduction . And he tells us that his English name is John. Then he asks all of us to think of English names for ourselves. We are very excited  to find a good name. Then he asks us to write our names down on a piece of paper. I think about my English name for a long time. Then I come up with  a beautiful name ---Shirley. All the students write their names down and give the paper to the teacher. When the teacher calls "Shirley" to answer his question, three girls stand up at the same time.
The question is: What do we do in the first English class?
The possible answers are:
A:Tell the teacher our Chinese names.
B:Find English names for ourselves.
C:See an English film.
D:Draw pictures.Peter: Let's play computer games!
Barry: Sorry, I don't like computer games, and I don't have a computer.
Peter: Well, do you have a volleyball?
Barry: Yes.
Peter: Then let's play volleyball.
Barry: Oh, volleyball is difficult.
Peter: OK, let's watch TV.
Barry: That sounds boring. Hmm, let's play soccer! Do you have a soccer ball?
Peter: No, I don't.
Barry: Oh, well, do you have a basketball?
Peter: Yes, I do. Let's play basketball!
Barry: That sounds fun! But where can we play basketball?
Peter: In the school.
Barry: OK, let's go.
,A, B, C, D,. (5,2,10)
The question is: Why don't they watch TV?
The possible answers are:
A:Because it's fun.
B:Because it's difficult.
C:Because it's interesting.
D:Because it's boring.Our school life is very interesting! My friends and I study hard at school. And we are good at our lessons. We are very happy. We have lots of time for our hobbies. My classmates all want to go to different clubs. Helen wants to join  the Reading Club. She loves reading books. The Reading Club meets every Wednesday at three thirty. Lily enjoys dancing. She wants to join the Dancing Club. It meets on Mondays at four thirty. There's also an Art Club. It meets on Fridays at four o'clock. Nick doesn't want to join the Art Club. He doesn't like drawing. He thinks it is too difficult for him . Nick likes playing computer games. He wants to join the Computer Club. It meets every Thursday at three forty-five. Mike loves sports. He wants to join the football team. They play football every Monday at three thirty. I want to join the Music Club. I like listening to music with my friends. The Music Club meets on Tuesday at three fifteen.
,:
The question is: When does Lily's club meet every week?
The possible answers are:
A:On Wednesday
B:On Tuesday
C:On Monday
D:On FridayI am an adult. I'm not a kid. I'm a grown-up. I need some money. I have no food. I am hungry. I am not thirsty, because water is everywhere. But water has no taste. I want to drink a soda. I want to drink milk. I want to drink coffee. I want to work. Nobody will hire( )me. Nobody is hiring anybody. Companies are firing  people. Everyone is looking for a job. I cannot pay my rent . I will have to live in my car. I don't want to live in my car. My car has no bed. Everyone should live in a house or a flat. Many people don't have a car. They live on the street. A street has no bed. Nobody should live on the street. I don't know what to do. I don't know where to go. Maybe I will go to church . Maybe I will find help there.
The question is: I am looking for   _
The possible answers are:
A:water
B:a job
C:a house
D:the churchHarry is a boy with a learning disability. On his fourth birthday, he was given a pug called Millie. Two weeks after the dog's arrival, he was happier and calmer and said his first words, "dog" and "mummy". Just two months later, thieves stole the dog, and now the heartbroken little boy is back to where he started. He has refused to talk since losing his best friend. His mother was worried and gave him another dog, but he just "pushed it away". Mrs Hainsworth, his mother, says, "My son is very sad. He'll go over to her cage and just beat  on the bars. There is no word coming out, but you just know he's screaming 'Where is Millie' inside. Millie was really his best friend. They would play together happily for hours. None of his toys has ever held his attention that long. Now he has just completely turned quiet again. "Harry suffers from a condition which affects his ability to speak and move. But the dog's being with him achieved more in days than months of speech therapy and physiotherapy had. Mrs Hainsworth says, "My son was so happy when he saw Millie. Being with Millie changed him, and within two weeks he had said his first words and was working on saying 'dad'. Just last week, his teachers and I were saying how much Millie had helped him. And now this!" Mrs Hainsworth is considering buying another pug in the hope that her son will accept it. Maureen Hennis of the charity, Pets as Therapy, says she has seen many cases of dogs helping people with speech problems. "People may talk to a dog when they wouldn't like to talk to another human," she says. "A dog doesn't care if words come out wrong."
The question is: With Millie gone, Harry .
The possible answers are:
A:is too sad to continue learning to talk
B:often quietly waits for her beside the cage
C:keeps asking his mother to get him another pug
D:does not want to play with other children any moreDear Jenny,
Gary is having a _ party after Month Exam! He invites all of us to come! Since it is a potluck party, I think I will bring some beef noodles. As I know, Lily will take care of the drinks and Gina will bring a big homemade chocolate cake. Can you ask your mom to buy us some KFC fried chicken? You know it is too far for all of us to ride a bike there, but your mom often drives there. We can pay the bill together. Just think about how surprised our classmates will feel when they see what we prepare! Isn't it great?
The party will start at noon on March 25, so be sure to be at Gary's place around 11:30 to prepare for the party. By the way, don't forget to invite Amy, who is good at music. If you have any other questions, just call me or write me back.
Take care!
Leo
The question is: According to the e-mail, which is TRUE?
The possible answers are:
A:Gina is having a potluck party.
B:The party will start at 11:30
C:Jenny has to pay for the fried chicken alone.
D:Amy was invited to go to the party.It can be dangerous to travel by sea. Ships sometimes sink  far away from land. When this happens, the sailors  have to get into small boats. If another ship does not come and help them and they do not have enough food or water, they will die.
Most people believe we must not drink sea water. They believe that if we do, we shall be very ill because of all the salt in the water. A doctor called Alain Bombard did not believe this. He thought that people could stay alive by drinking sea water and eating small fish, animals and plants from the sea. On 19 October 1953, he set out in a small boat to cross the Atlantic Ocean . He did not take any food or water with him.
Every day Dr. Bombard drank just a little sea water. He also caught fish and they had water in them. He drank this water. He could not cook the fish, so he ate them as they were. He took small plants from the sea, which gave him more food.
Dr. Bombard became hot, tired and quite ill, but after 65days at sea he was still alive. He traveled 2,750 miles from one side of the Atlantic Ocean to the other, and on 24th,December 1953, he reached Barbados.
He lost 20 kilos, but he showed that people could live on sea water, the animals and plants in the sea.
The question is: The story is about   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:drinking sea water
B:a dying sailor
C:a kind doctor
D:eating good foodA driver stopped his car on a street side to have a rest.As he lay down in the seat and closed his eyes, a person came up and knocked at the window to ask the time. The driver opened his eyes and looked at his watch. "It's five past eight." he said. Then he went to sleep again. But soon he was waken up again because a second person was knocking at the window."Excuse me, what time is it now?"he asked. The driver looked at his watch again, and told him it was half past eight.
In this way, the driver thought he couldn't have a good rest, so he wrote a short note and stuck  it on the window for all to see. It said,"I don't know the time."Again, he lay down in the seat for his sleep. A few minutes later,a third person came and began to knock at the window, "Hey,  sir."he said, "It's a quarter to nine."
The question is: The driver stopped his car on a street side because he   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:was very tired
B:saw his friend
C:lost his watch
D:didn't know the timeI'm Tony. My best friends are Frank and Cindy. We often do many things together. Frank lives next to my home and we are in the same class. He is thirteen years old and tall and of medium build. He has curly hair and blue eyes. He's good-looking and very clever. He's good at math and often helps me with my homework. He likes wearing black pants and yellow T-shirts.
Cindy doesn't go to my school. She's eleven years old. She is thin and of medium height. She has curly blonde hair and her eyes are brown. She is good-looking, too, but a little bit shy. She is good at playing the guitar. Her favorite subject at school is music. She often teaches Frank and me to play the guitar after class.
The three of us have great fun together, and we help each other and sometimes play video games at my house.
The question is: _   is good-looking, but a little bit shy.
The possible answers are:
A:Frank
B:Cindy
C:Tony
D:My friendBilly always loved blueberries. They were his favorite fruit. Today he was going to make juice with his uncle. His uncle liked to make juice out of everything. He made carrot juice, apple juice, vegetable juice, and more juices. He had never made blueberry juice before though!
First, Billy and his uncle went to a blueberry farm. They were each given a basket. They picked for an hour and got several pounds. It was hard work picking the little berries from the trees. Now Billy understood why they were expensive in the store.
Next, they had to wash the fruit. Some of them still had leaves. Those had to be pulled off. Then the bad berries had to be thrown away. They washed the berries and made them air-dry.
After that, they pushed the blueberries through a strainer . The strainer caught most of the seeds and skins, and only left a small glass of dark purple juice to _ 
When they tasted the juice, it wasn't very sweet. Billy's uncle didn't want to add white sugar to the juice. It was better to use a naturally sweet juice, like apple juice, pear juice, or grape juice. They used grape juice as a sweetener  , because grapes had a similar color to the blueberries.
Finally, they could drink it. It was a lot of work to make juice, but it sure was refreshing!
The question is: Billy thought blueberries were expensive because  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:they were delicious
B:they had to be sent to the store
C:it was hard to pick them from the trees
D:there weren't many blueberry trees on the farmSpiderman is one of the most famous comic book characters. He was created by Stan Lee in 1963 and was first introduced to the world in the page of Marvel comic books.
Spiderman's story is the story of Peter Parker, a child who lost his parents and lives with his aunt and uncle. Peter is a shy, quiet boy wearing glasses and has few friends. One day, on a high school class trip to a science lab, he was bitten   by a special spider  . Soon Peter realizes he has amazing powers: he is as strong and quick as a spider and also has a type of sixth sense. He no longer needs his glasses and he can use his super power to fly through the city streets! Remembering something his uncle Ben has told him, that "with great power, there must also come great responsibility  ,"Peter decides to use his powers to fight enemies who do cruel things to people. And so, Spiderman is born.
Life is not easy for Peter even though he is a superhero. He is in love with Mary Jane but cannot tell her about his amazing powers. Besides, his best friend Harry hates Spiderman! Peter is also short of money and time. He has to sell photos of Spiderman (himself) to a newspaper and he keeps losing his jobs because he is so busy saving people! Yet he has to fight different kinds of cruel enemies.
,.
The question is: Which of the following is NOT mentioned in the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:Peter Parker was short of money.
B:Peter was shy when he was a child.
C:Peter Parker could fly.
D:Peter's aunt's name.A nickname is a shortened form of a person's name.A nickname can also be a descriptive name for a person,place or thing,Many American cities have nicknames.Nicknames can also be funny.
Los Angeles,California is the second largest city in population,after New York City. Los Angeles has several nicknames.One is L.A.It is also called the City ofAngels because Los Angeles means"the angels"in Spanish.
Los Angeles often has warm,sunny, weather.So another nickname is City of  Flowers and Sunshine.New York is called The Big Apple.So Los Angeles is sometimes called The Big Orange because ofthe fruit that grows in that city's warm climate.
Many films are made in the area of Los Angeles called Hollywood.Millions of people visit the area.So it is also called The Entertainment Capital of the World.No trip to Los Angeles is excellent without seeing the word"Hollywood"spelled out in huge letters on a hillside.
Many movie stars live in Los Angeles.The city is sometimes called   Tinseltown.This nickname comes from the shiny,bright and often unreal nature of Hollywood and the movie industry.Another nickname for Los Angeles is La--La Land,using the first letters of Los and Angeles.
The city of Los Angeles is part of Los Angeles County .There are many smaller cities in the coBnty.A good place for watching unusual--looking people is Venice(after the Italian city of Venice),an area on the west side of Los Angeles.
Many people love Los Angeles for its warm sunny weather,beautiful mountains and beaches,and movie stars.
The question is: This article is mainly about  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:the movie stars in Los Angeles
B:the nicknames for Los Angeles
C:the movies made in Los Angeles
D:the weather in Los AngelesDear Amy,
I couldn't read your two e-mails until today because my computer was broken. I'm so sorry to hear about your problem, but I'm glad you're feeling better and are recovering . I'm surprised that in China someone's liver  matched  yours! This is really a moving story--a stranger donated part of his liver to _ he doesn't even know!
You're right. We shouldn't care too much about our weight. I'm happy you stopped taking medicine to lose weight. From your photo I can see you are now looking very well in the hospital. To keep slim  is important, especially for an actress, but nothing is more important than health. Your doctor's advice is really very good--exercise for at least half an hour every day and eat lots of fruit and vegetables.
It's not only in your country. It's the same here with us Chinese--many people are always taking medicine to lose weight. That is often dangerous. But in fact, some of them are not overweight  at all. I hope these people can learn something from your story. Hope you will leave hospital as soon as possible.
Love
xxx
The question is: The doctor advised Amy to  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:care too much about her weight
B:keep slim
C:donate part of her liver
D:exercise every day and eat healthy foodRobots have come a long way since 15th century. We've got robots to build cars, carry heavy things, work in dangerous places and explore planets. But things haven't stopped there.
In 1986, Honda made a robot called ASIMO. And now, it has been developed greatly. Standing at 130cm and weighing 54kg. ASIMO is very much like a small astronaut wearing a bag on the back. And he can walk, flight, climb and run fast. Isn't it wonderful?
The world's first robot teacher is Saya. With her human-like face, she can show expressions like happiness, surprise, sadness, dislike, fear and she can even smile or show anger at students, which look much like a real teacher's. To do this, her rubber skin is pulled from the back with motors inside. And her eyes and mouth have wires  too. She can also say some simple words like "hello" or "thank you".
In the UK, the development of robots is exciting. The mini-robots will send food, clean floors, collect and throw away waste. These robots can open doors by themselves and stop if anything or anyone is in the way.
These mini-robots are very useful for controlling infection . Usually clean and dirty work is done by the same person, but here, you'll have robots that do"dirty work", like collecting dirty sheets, or taking away hospital waste; and you'll have robots that do"clean work", like bringing meals or clean sheets to patients. The robots have separate work so there's no way for infection, which is great. But of course, robots would not take the piece of humans, but would free up more time for nurses to be with patients.
But if this is what it's like in 2011, what's it going to be like to 2021?
The question is: In the following, which is ASIMO's behavior?
The possible answers are:
A:Smiling at people, saying "hello".
B:Sending food or opening doors by himself
C:Fighting, climbing or running fast
D:Collecting waste for patientsJill Jones got a new job in a different part of the city. She had to go to work every day by train.
There was only one other person on the train with her. He was a well-dressed man reading a newspaper. Suddenly, about halfway through the journey, the man began tearing  his newspaper into hundreds of small pieces. Then he picked them up, opened the window and threw them all out. Then he sat down, closed his eyes, and slept for the rest of the journey again.
The next day, Jill got on the same train. The same well-dressed man was there, reading a newspaper.  As before, about halfway through the journey, the man began tearing his newspaper into hundreds of small pieces. Then he picked the pieces up, opened the window and threw them all out. This done, he sat down, closed his eyes, and slept for the rest of the journey.  This happened every day for a week.
At last, on Friday, Jill spoke to the man. "Excuse me, sir," she said, "I don't want to be rude, but I must ask you a question. When we are halfway through our journey, you tear your newspaper into hundreds of pieces and then throw them all out of the window. Please tell me, sir. Why do you do this?"
The well-dressed man smiled. "There is a simple reason," he said. "I like to sleep for part of the journey, but I cannot sleep if the train is full of elephants. So I throw the pieces of paper out to the elephants. It stops them from coming into the train."
"But there aren't any elephants on the train, "Jill said."I know," the man said. "It works well, doesn't it?
The question is: Why did the man on the train do this?
The possible answers are:
A:He was playing a game.
B:He wanted to get rid of the elephants.
C:He was angry.
D:He couldn't sleep.Last year when Tom graduated from school, he came to Taibei. He didn't like to work on his father's farm and hoped to find a job in a big city. He went from one company to another but no one wanted him. With little money left, he got to the station, sad and tired. All he wanted to do was go back to his small town. It was very late at night and the station was full of people. They were waiting to buy tickets of the last train. He bought the last ticket, and he was very happy.
At that time, a woman with a crying baby walked to him and asked him to sell her the ticket. He gave her the ticket because he thought they needed it more than he did. After the train left, he sat on the bench and didn't know where to go. Suddenly, an old man came and said, "Young man, I have seen what you did to the woman. I am the owner of a big company. I need a good young man like you. Would you like to work for me?
The question is: The woman walked to Tom because   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:she was Tom's old friend
B:her child wanted to talk to Tom
C:she needed to take the train
D:she had no money to buy a ticket"Well, we're in our new house. Let's get a new pet," Mrs. Brown says to her husband. "That sounds like a very good idea," he answers. "Do you want to see the ads  in the newspaper?" "Let's go to the animal _ . Many pets there need homes. Tomorrow is Saturday, so we can both go," Mrs. Brown says.
The next morning, the Browns (Mr. Brown and Ms. Brown) meet Mr. Snow at the animal shelter. "We want to be sure that the pets here go to good homes," Mr. Snow says, "So I need to ask you some questions."
After they talk for a while, the Browns decide to get a small dog. It will not need a big house. A small dog will bark   and warn ( ) them if someone tries to go into their house. After Mr. Snow gives the Browns a book on pet care, they choose one and want to take her home right away. But the animal doctor hasn't checked her yet. So Mr. Snow tells them to come back on Sunday.
On Sunday afternoon the Browns go to the animal shelter. The animal doctor said, "Coco has got all of her shots    . She is healthy." The Browns thank the doctor and take Coco home.
The question is: From the passage we learn that  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:Coco is a small and healthy dog
B:the Browns know about Coco from the newspaper
C:Mr. Brown and Ms. Brown take Coco home on Saturday
D:Mr. Brown and Ms. Brown have different ideas on getting a petLittle Tommy was doing very badly in math. His parents had tried everything--tutors  , cards, special learning centers--in short, everything they could think of. Finally they took Tommy to a catholic   school.
After the first day,little Tommy came home with a very serious look on his face. He didn't kiss his mother hello. Instead,he went straight to his room and started studying. Books and papers were spread out all over the room and little Tommy was hard at work. His mother was surprised. She called him down to dinner and as soon as he finished eating, he went back to his room, without a word. In no time he was back _ as hard as before. This went on for some time,day after day while the mother tried to understand what was happening.
Finally,little Tommy brought home his report card. He quietly put it on the table and went up to his room and hit the books. His mom looked at it and to her surprise, little Tommy got an A in math. She could no longer hold her curiosity . She went to his room and asked,"Son, what was it? Was it the nuns ?"
Little Tommy looked at her and shook his head,"No."
"Well then,"she asked again,"WHAT was it?"
Little Tommy looked at her and said,"Well, on the first day of school,when I saw that man nailed to the plus sign ,I knew they weren't joking."
The question is: Tommy's mother felt surprised that his son   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:was still the same as usual
B:ate so much at dinner
C:kissed her hello after school
D:worked hard but said littleHow important is color in the business world?
Google, one of the biggest U.S. companies, is trying to find it out. The company has already found "a close connection between color and satisfaction with a person's work area". That's according to its spokeswoman named Meghan Casserly.
"Color is a silent salesperson," said Elyria Kemp. She is an assistant professor of marketing at the University of New Orleans.
Kemp is following color trends in business. She is studying the connection between feelings and color. According to Kemp, when people make an evaluation   of a product, usually they do this within 90 seconds or less. Besides, more than half of their first evaluation is based on (......) color alone.
That's why so many companies are researching their color choices. They are spending thousands of dollars on the research, too. Just think of UPS's Pullman brown, Home Depot's orange and Tiffany & Co.'s blue.
Joclyn Benedetto is a spokeswoman for Tiffany & Co. She said the success of the company's jewelry   was connected to its blue color. It is used to wrap   every product. She said the color was chosen by the founder Charles Lewis Tiffany for the cover of Blue Book, Tiffany's annual collection of beautifully hand-made jewels, which first came out in 1845.
Coca-Cola's red color also dates back more than 100 years. The soft drink was shipped in barrels painted red.
A spokesperson for Home Depot said research showed that the first thing people thought of was orange when they heard the name of the company.
Smaller companies are also realizing the importance of color. But picking the right color is important.
"You know when something is right because you get a feeling of safety, and it's not something that you think about. It just will hit you," said Emil Hagopian, a distributor for Mar Plast Color Building Accessories in Ann Arbor, Mich. "And sometimes, if it's done wrong, that also hits you."
The question is: People usually make an evaluation of a product  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:in a short time
B:in a long time
C:based on its shape
D:based on their feelingsYears ago a farmer owned land along the Atlantic seacoast. He constantly advertised for hired hands but never made it because most people were afraid of the awful storms.
Finally, a short, thin man, approached  the farmer. "Are you a good farmhand?" the farmer asked him.
"Well, I can sleep when the wind blows," answered the little man.
Although puzzled by this answer, the farmer still hired  him. The little man worked well around the farm, busy all day, and the farmer felt pleased with the man's work.
Then one night the wind blew strongly. Jumping out of the bed, the farmer carried a lantern and rushed next door to the hired man's sleeping quarters. Farmer shook the little man and shouted, "Get up! A storm is coming! Tie things down before they blow away!"
But the little man said firmly, "No sir. I told you, I can sleep when the wind blows."
The farmer had no time to lose his temper. Instead, he hurried outside to prepare for the storm. To his surprise, he found everything had been prepared. The cows were in the barn, the chickens were in the coops, and the doors were barred. The shutters were tightly secured. Everything was tied down. Nothing could blow away. The farmer then understood what his hired man meant.
When you're prepared, spiritually, mentally and physically , you have nothing to worry about. Can you sleep when the wind blows through your life? The hired man in the story was able to sleep because he had protected the farm against the storm.
The question is: What did the little man mean when he said" I can sleep when the wind blows'?
The possible answers are:
A:He had prepared everything ready for the storm.
B:He liked to sleep with the wind blowing.
C:He was able to sleep though the wind blew hard.
D:He hated to get up at night when wind blew.Are you looking for something fun? Would you like to help other people in your free time? Then join us and be a volunteer .
We have volunteer jobs for people of all ages. Anyone, between the age of 12 and 80, can become a volunteer.
You can help people in many ways. Nursing homes need volunteers to take care of old people. Hospitals need volunteers to look after children while their parents see a doctor. Animal lovers can help take care of those dogs and cats without homes. There is something that out volunteers want to tell you.
"As a volunteer, I don't want to get anything. Seeing the children's happy faces, I am happy, too." said Carlos, an old woman of 62.
" I often played computer games in my free time before. Now I help middle-aged people learn how to use computers." said another volunteer at the age of 18.
If everyone gives a hand, we'll have a better world to live in.
Interested? Call us on 1-800-555-5756 or visit our website: www.active.com.
The question is: What kind of person can become a volunteer?
The possible answers are:
A:A 10-year-old boy
B:A 46-year-old woman
C:An 11-year-old girl
D:All babiesToday there are many fires than in the past. Over 100,000 wildfires burn each year in America. Russia has 20,000 to 35,000 wildfires every year. Australia has on average 60,000 each year. These fires destroy huge areas of forests and burn hundreds of homes.
Many experts believe there are several reasons for this sudden increase in fires. The first reason is climate change. Recent weather has been warmer and drier. This leads to dangerous fire conditions. When lightening strikes ,dry grass easily catches fire. Hot winds add to the problem. The wind spreads a fire quickly. In 2010, Russia had the hottest and driest summer in a century. In just one month, 500 fires destroyed over 2,000 homes. Some people lost their lives.
Traditional fire-fighting practices are another reason for the increase in fires. In America, firefighters used to quickly put out every fire. They didn't allow the grass and trees to burn. As a result, today many forests have thicker vegetation .Thicker vegetation means more fuel for fires. Also, without fires from time to time, forests become overcrowded and unhealthy. Some trees are dead. The dead wood then easily catches fire. So surprisingly, America has many more fires today partly because of its past fire-fighting practices.
Scientists now understand that a fire can be a natural part of a healthy forest. As a result, countries like Australia allow more fires to burn naturally. Sometimes, fire fighters even start fires to get rid of dead wood. Of course, they carefully control the fires. The fire thins out old trees. This allows sunlight to reach the ground. As a result, fires help new trees to grow. Therefore, if a fire is not a serious threat to people, firefighters may let it burn naturally.
The question is: Why did Russia have so many fires in one month in 2010?
The possible answers are:
A:Because lightening spread the fire.
B:Because there was much fuel for fires.
C:Because there were not enough firefighters.
D:Because it was unusually hot, dry and windy.A French woman goes to London to see her son. She knows a little English, but can not speak it very well. One day she goes to a shop. She wants to buy a hen for supper. But she can not remember the English word for "hen". Just then the shop waiter asks her, "Can I help you?" "I want the egg's mother." the woman answered. The shop waiter does not understand her and says, "Sorry, we have not any bigger eggs." Suddenly the woman remembers the word "cock". "I want the cock's wife!" she says. This time the shop waiter laughs.
The question is: The shop waiter laughs because he   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:understands the woman at last
B:thinks it is interesting.
C:does not understand the woman
D:thinks that the woman isn't cleverBorn in Ghana,West Africa,in 1989,Freddy Adu has become one of the most promising young soccer players in the world.Soccer fans have been crazy about him since 2003,when he became the youngest player to join a professional sports team in the United States.The next year,he became the youngest athlete ever to play in an allstar game,a match in which the best players from many professional teams compete.
As a child,Adu did what many children in Ghana love to do--play soccer.His mother recognized her son's talentand encouraged it by providing soccer balls,which were expensive for them.Since he had soccer balls,other children always came looking for him and played together.
Education was very important to Adu's mother,and she wasn't sure that her son could receive a good education in Ghana.So she tried hard and moved to Maryland,U.S. in 1997,when he was eight years old.His new school friends soon noticed his talent for soccer,and the parents of one friend encouraged him to join a soccer club.This was his first time playing organized soccer,and he helped his team from the Potomac Soccer Association win a tournament in Italy in 2000.One professional Italian team was so impressed by Adu that they offered him $750,000 to play for them.Adu's mother refused the offer and thought that her eleven-year-old son needed to finish school first.
Adu did finish high school at the age of 14.Nowadays,he is playing professional soccer and living with his mother in a house he bought for her.His salary with the D.C. United team is $500,000 a year,and Adu is also paid to advertise products such as sports shoes and drinks.Adu is happy that his mother no longer has to work at two jobs,and his fans are happy that they can watch him play their favourite sport for many years to come.
The question is: What can we learn from the passage?  _
The possible answers are:
A:As a child,Adu taught other children to play soccer in his hometown.
B:Adu moved to the USA because there were no soccer teams in Ghana.
C:Adu helped his team win a tournament and got $750,000 in Italy in 2000.
D:Adu gets more than $500,000 a year and lives happily with his mother now.New rules and behaviour standards   for middle school students have come out. The middle school is going to use a new way to decide who the top students are. The best students won't only have high marks. They will also be kids who don't smoke, drink or dye   their hair. The following are some of the new rules.
Tell the truth. Have you ever copied someone else's work on an exam? Don't do it again! That's not something that an honest student should do. If you have played computer games for two hours in your room, don't tell your parents you have done homework.
Do more at school. Good students love animals and care for other people. April is Bird Loving Month in China. Is your school doing anything to celebrate it? You should join! That way, you can learn more about animals and how to protect them. When more people work together, it is more fun for everyone.
Have you fought with your teammates when your basketball team lost? Only working together can make your team stronger. Be friendly to the people you are with. Try to think of others, not only yourself.
Be open to new ideas. Have you ever thought that people could live on the moon? Maybe you'll discover Earth II someday. Don't look down on new ideas. Everyone's ideas are important. You should welcome them because new ideas make life better for everyone.
Protect yourself. Has someone ever taken money from one of your classmates? Don't let it happen to you. If you have to go home late, you should let your parents know.
Use the Internet carefully. The Internet can be very useful for your studies. But some things on the Internet aren't good for kids, do try to look at _ pages that aren't good for you. You can use the Web for fun or homework. Can't you find any good Web sites for children? Here are some: http://kinds.eastday.com / http://www.chinakids.net.com / http://www.cyenct.com
The question is: The new school rules will help kids by telling them   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:how they can study well
B:what is right and what is wrong
C:what they should do at school
D:how they can protect themselvesStrong Museum
Hours
Monday---Thursday: 10:00 am---5:00 pm          Friday: 10:00 am---8:00 pm
Saturday: 10:00 am -- -5:00 pm                  Sunday: 11:00 am---5:00 pm
Closed on Thanksgiving Day and Christmas Day.
The Museum Shop is open during regular museum hours.
The Museum Library is open during Monday---Friday: 10:00 am---5:00 pm.
The Skyliner Restaurant is open during regular museum hours from Monday to Saturday, and from 11:30 am to 5:00 pm on Sunday.
Admission 
Adults: $7.00                  The aged and students with ID: $6.00
Strong Museum offers a 50% discount  to groups of 20 or more.
The question is: If a group of 30 students with ID visit strong Museum, how much should they pay for the admission?
The possible answers are:
A:$105
B:$ 90
C:$ 210
D:$ 180The snow went on falling, and they could see only a few meters in front of them.
"We should go back," said Judy.She was afraid.
"But where is the path  ?"
Everything was covered with snow.The sky was grey."What's the time?" asked Paul.Judy looked at her watch."Nearly 5 o'clock.It gets dark in an hour."
"We must start walking, and hope we find the path.I think the snow's stopping."said Paul.But it wasn't stopping.The wind was strong.It blew around them, cold and wet.
"Just keep going downhill."said Judy."We can't go wrong."
Then Paul fell on some rocks.He shouted."Judy! I've hurt my leg!" He couldn't stand up.His leg hurt too much.
"I'll have to phone for help."said Judy."I hope the mobile phone works up here!"
Luckily it did.They phoned the mountain service ."Don't move! shouted the man on the phone.Stay where you are, we're sending a team there."
They were not far from the path, so the team found them easily.They were lucky! People often get into trouble when they climb the mountains.You must always tell someone where you are going and take a mobile phone with you.Mountain is a dangerous place to be if things go wrong!
The question is: Who fell down and got hurt?
The possible answers are:
A:Paul.
B:Judy.
C:The man in the service.
D:A team.Both the young and the old may feel lonely. A three-year-old child will feel lonely when it is left alone, and an old man over eighty years old is often afraid to live alone, too.
Some people feel lonely because they may not have enough time to make friends. Not only the quiet, shy people may feel lonely. Some people are active and outgoing, but they are sometimes afraid to talk and make friends with others. They always try to hold other people away from them. They may seem to have lots of friends, but inside they are hurting.
Are you lonely? If your answer is "yes", you may need to work hard enough! Here are some tips to think about:
To be wanted and needed is a big answer to loneliness. Is there any way you can help other people? Try to do something helpful for others even if you are very busy. By helping other people, we find friends and lose loneliness.
Do you have an interest or hobby? Find a group of people with this interest and join them.
Live in the real world! The world on the Internet is not a real world and it is very different from the real life. The students asleep in class are mostly those who often surf the net through the night. As a result, they'll get lost in the real world.
Don't wait for someone to phone, or write, or email you, you call them. And if they seem too busy, it doesn't mean you are not welcome. Try another time!
When you've done anything wrong to other people, don't be too proud to say sorry. You must do that even if you find it hard to open your mouth.
The question is: If you have done something wrong, you should   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:say sorry to others
B:do it again
C:open your mouth
D:leave at onceMy teachers suggested that I see a speech specialist   in school.
I never really gave much thought to my speech. If other people understood what I was saying, then that was good enough. I didn't mind repeating myself many times.
Before testing me, the speech specialist asked me what I thought of having good speech. I told her I thought it was not important.
"Well, when you are in an interview for a job, and they don't know what you are saying, what are they going to say to you? Nice meeting you, bye," she said.
Maybe good speech was important. I took part in 20-minute classes each week with the specialist.
After she tested me, she told me that I spoke too fast, and didn't give enough eye contact  . I learned that when I made eye contact with someone, it meant that I was talking to that person, and I could also see what he or she thought about what I was saying.
When my first speech class started, I found that I had been speaking too fast to be understood. Every time I spoke too fast, the specialist stopped me and told me to start again. At first, I got stopped after almost every other sentence. After a while, I felt my speech slow down. I wasn't sure if people could understand me better, but my friends stopped asking me to repeat myself.
Speech is an important skill to have. If you do have good speech, that's a good thing, but if you don't have it, it is never too late to improve.
The question is: The article is probably taken from  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:a newspaper
B:an advertisement
C:a detective story
D:a science bookBefore I even started school, people felt that I was not going to _ . At the age of four, I started speech lessons because even I could not speak well enough to be understood.
First grade was a struggle. I not only had difficulty speaking, but I was expected to learn to read and I just couldn't do it. My parents grew more and more frustrated. They bought books and offered great rewards if I could read one of them from start to finish to them. Well, with my speech problems and now my reading problems, I did not like to do reading and so refused to do it whenever possible.
Second grade was not much better. It was in the second grade that the teacher decided that I needed special education. I remember the days of taking the physical exams. However, after all that, they decided that I did not qualify for special education.
It was in third grade that a new school was built close to where I lived. I remember going there with my parents and helping to get the school ready so that we could transfer . It was a happy day that we started school at Vandalia. However, things did not get better as my parent expected.
It was now time for fifth grade. Mrs. Wakefield was my teacher, and if ever there was a teacher that deserved a gold star, it was her. She did not make me feel upset. Instead, she helped me in so many ways and built my self-confidence so that I actually did believe that I could do something special. And that is just what I did.
For the past 22 years, I have been a fifth grade teacher. Because of Mrs. Wakefield's influence in my life, I am now encouraging students who have had difficulties in their lives to believe that they can overcome and become someone. I have won a large number of awards but I know that all of them belong to one fifth grade teacher who believed in me and challenged me to be all that I could be.
I still have a class picture of her with her fifth grade class hanging on the wall of my office, encouraging other teachers to reach out to their students.
The question is: In which grade did the turning point in writer's life appear?
The possible answers are:
A:In Grade Two.
B:In Grade Three
C:In Grade Four
D:In Grade FiveHello!This Chinese boy is Li Lei. He's 12. He's in No.3 Middle School. He's in Class 2,Grade 1. His good friend is Jack. He's an English boy. He's in Li Lei's school. He's in Class1.Grade2. Mrs Read is an English teacher in their school.She's an English woman. Jack an Li Lei has a secret ----Jack is their English teacher's son.
The question is: Is Jack Mrs Read's son?
The possible answers are:
A:Yes, he is.
B:No, he isn't.
C:Yes, he isn't.
D:No, he is.Accident Report Form
Accident    A car hit a tree. Four people were in the car.
Weather condition   There was a heavy rain.
Cause   The driver named Li Jun drank too much.
Date of call    March 20th, 2009
Time of call    8:30 p.m.
Name of caller  A man called Zhang Wei. (He was taking a walk there at that time.)
Place   Zhongshan Road, Nanjing
Conditions of victims    Mr. Green hurt his head. Mrs. Green hurt her left leg.
Their daughter felt frightened. Their dog died.
Action  Policemen arrived at 8: 40 p.m. and sent the victims to Gulou
Hospital at 8:45 p.m.
The question is: What time did Zhang Wei call the police?
The possible answers are:
A:At 8:30 a.m.
B:At 8:30 p.m.
C:At 8:40 a.m.
D:At 8:45 p.m."An apple a day keeps the doctor away." Well, milk may work in the same way!
Milk is the natural food for mammalian  babies. It helps them grow strong because it is rich in protein , calcium  and vitamins. Milk can also help you sleep better because it calms you down.
But remember to drink milk with care. Find out how old the milk is. Make sure it is fresh and hasn't gone bad. Don't drink milk when your stomach is empty. Eat some bread or corn at the same time. That'll help you take in more protein and vitamins.
Doctors say teens need at least 500ml of milk a day. That's two or three cups. Milk-drinking started long ago, as early as 6,000-8,000BC. At that time people started to keep cows, sheep and goats to get their milk. Of course what you drink today isn't that fresh from the cow. People cool the fresh milk down to 40C to stop the bacteria growing. In factories, milk is pasteurized  to stop it growing bad. After disinfections  and packaging, it goes to the supermarkets.
Yoghourt also comes from milk. People make some special bacteria to change the taste of milk and make the nutrients  in it easier for people to take in. Maybe that's why it's getting more popular with people!
The question is: Why is it better to eat some bread or corn while drinking milk ?
The possible answers are:
A:Our body can take in more protein and vitamins in this way.
B:That'll help us grow taller and stronger.
C:That'll help us taste milk better.
D:We'll still feel hungry without eating some bread or corn.Bill Clinton took office   on January 20, 1993 and became the 42nd U.S.president .He is the first U.S.president who was born after World War II .He is also one of the youngest of all U. S. presidents.
Clinton was born in a poor family in 1946.Three months before he was born, his father, William Blats, died.When he was small, his mother remarried  Norger Clinton, so the boy's family name was changed.
In the summer of 1963, Clinton was asked to visit the city of Washington.During his visit, he met President Kennedy in the White House.At that time, he wanted to become a president, and then, he was!
The question is: When Clinton became the 42nd U.S.president, he was   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:thirty
B:about forty
C:forty-seven
D:37 years oldIn the world, soccer (or football) is the most popular sport. This is because many countries have wonderful teams for the World Cup. The World Cup is held every four years.
To remember the 2002 FIFA World Cup, children from different countries and more than 60 children from different Japanese schools came together and spent three weeks drawing a big picture called"Dream   World Cup"in Japan. The children drew animals, flowers and people playing soccer under bright blue sky. They wished each football team good luck by drawing the flags   of all countries that would take part in the World Cup in Japan and South Korea. The picture was put up in a park near a playground in Yokohama.
Are you a football fan? The World Cup makes more and more people interested in football. Teenagers like playing and watching football. Many of them love some football stars so much that they get pictures of their favorite players such as, Figo, Oven and Pauleta. And they put the pictures up on the walls of their rooms. That is the way to show their love for the World Cup.
,.
The question is: Many teenagers   own pictures of some football stars because   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:they are interested in football
B:they are football fans
C:they think their favorite players are great
D:A, B and CA story happened when the telegraph was the fastest method of long-distance communication. One day, a young man went to an interview for a job as a Morse code operator .
Answering the ad in the newspaper, he went to the office address. When he arrived, he walked into a large, busy office filled with noise, including the sound of the telegraph. An office worker asked him to wait until he was called to go into the inner office. Seven other people were already in the waiting area for the interview. The young man sat down and waited with them. After a few minutes, the young man stood up, crossed the room to the door of the inner office, and walked right in. Naturally the other people wondered what was going on. They were sure that the young man made a mistake and would be refused.
A few minutes later, however, the boss came out of the inner office with the young man and said to the other people,"Gentlemen,thank you very much for coming, but the young man has got the job."
The other people were surprised, and one of them said, "Wait a minute. I don't understand. He was the last to come in, and we never even got a chance to be interviewed. Yet he got the job. That's not fair!"
The boss said, "I'm sorry, but all the time you've been sitting here, the telegraph has been sending out the following message in Mores code: 'If you understand this message, then come right in. The job is yours.' None of you heard it or understood it. This young man did. The job is this."
The question is: How many people went fot the job interview that day?
The possible answers are:
A:7
B:8
C:9
D:10My grandfather is eighty years old.He always complains about how fast things have changed,and he often says that life used to be better.
"Families aren't families the way they used to be."A 1ot of families have broken up.If husband and wife have problems with their _ ,they no longer stay together.And mothers used to stay at home and take  care of their children,but now everyone is busy working.No one has time to 1ook after children at home.
And the cars! No one walks any more;more and more people drive.We used to walk five miles to school on schooldays,even in winter.But now we don't.And in school children don't have to think any more.In math class.for example,we used to add,subtract, multiply and divide in our heads.Kids don't use their heads any more;instead,they use calculators .
Most families have computers now.In the past we didn't have computers.We didn't even have lights.My mother used to spend all day cooking in the kitchen.But now we don't often eat homecooked food.
And people don't talk to each other any more.They are too busy to talk,too busy to eat,to busy to think...   Life used to be simple,but it isn't any more.
The question is: My grandfather thinks the life now is   _   .
The possible answers are:
A:very good
B:worse than it used to be
C:better than it used to be
D:the same as it used to beMany children like to watch TV. It's very interesting. The programs on TV tell us many things about the country and a lot of news about the world, Judy watches TV on Sundays. There is an English program getting to know America. It's her favorite program. It tells about the life of America, such as buildings, traffic, food, houses, movie stars. Why does she love the program? Because she likes English. She likes English best of all the subjects. When she is watching the program, she can remember every word she sees on TV. That helps a lot, because she learns many new words, English really interests her . She likes learning English. On weekdays, she doesn't watch TV, but reads English story books every night before she goes to bed. She can learn a lot from the TV program and the story books.
The question is: Getting to know America is a(an)  _  program.
The possible answers are:
A:American
B:English
C:Japanese
D:ChineseIf you watch the sky for about an hour after the sun goes down , you may see some " moving stars". But they're not really stars. They're man--made satellites . And the biggest of all is the International Space Station(ISS). From May to July is the best season to watch the ISS flying over the earth. And people can see it with their eyes.
The ISS is the biggest satellite and scientists want to live on it. They think that the best way to learn more about space is to live there.
When the space station is finished , it will be like a city in space. People will stay and study there with many of the things they have at home. Laboratories, living rooms and power stations are being built. The ISS is the most expensive space program. Billions of dollars are being spent on it every year.
Scientists hope that the ISS will be _ for future space exploration . "The ISS will help us understand the human body better, explore space and study the earth. It can help us make life on the earth better, " said Kathryn Clark , an ISS scientist.
Sixteen countries are part of the program: the US, Russia, Canada, Japan, Brazil and 11 European countries. China isn't an ISS country , but it has helped with some of the experiments. In 2003 , China sent some rice up to the ISS to find out what space would do to it.
,.
The question is: What is true about the International Space Station?
The possible answers are:
A:It is a big city in space.
B:It is the biggest man-made satellite.
C:It is a real moving star.
D:People can't see it with their eyes.One day, a poor boy was trying to sell things from door to door to pay for school. He was hungry. Then he decided to ask for a meal at the next house. However, when a nice young woman opened the door, he changed to ask for a drink of water. She thought he looked hungry and brought him a large glass of milk. He drank it slowly and then asked, "How much do I pay?" "You needn't do that," she said. "Mother has taught me to be kind."
Years later, the young woman became seriously ill. She was sent to a big city. When Dr.Howard Kelly, a very famous doctor now, heard the name of the town she came from, a strange light filled his eyes. At once, he got up and went down through the hospital hall into her room. He recognized her at once and decided to do his best to save her life. He did it and they won at last!
Before she left, the bill   was sent to her. She was quite afraid to open it. Finally, she looked, and to her surprise, she found these words on the bill: "Paid with a glass of milk.Dr. Howard Kelly."
Tears of joy came down from her eyes as she said silently, "Thank you, God. Your love has passed through hearts and hands."
,,. (5,2,10)
The question is: What can we say about the woman?
The possible answers are:
A:She was kind.
B:She was very rich.
C:She knew the boy's mother.
D:She loved the boy very much.Dear Linda,
I'm glad to hear from you and I would like to be your pen friend. In your letter, you said you wanted to know something about my school life .
I walk to school at 7:30 every morning because the school is near our house. When I get to school at about 7:45, I often do the cleaning with my classmates. After that we do some reading for half an hour. We have four lessons in the morning. I often have my lunch at 12:00 at school. We usually have two lessons in the afternoon. The school is over at about 5:00 and then I go home.
My favorite subject is Chinese. I like all the teachers because they are friendly. I am keen on sports and I enjoy playing football best. I'm a member of our school football team. What about your school life?
Best wishes!
Dick
The question is: It often takes Dick about   _   to walk to school every morning.
The possible answers are:
A:half an hour
B:15 minutes
C:10 minutes
D:5 minutesThe Diaoyu islands have a long history as part of China's territory , belonging to the country since ancient times. They are located  to the northeast of China's Taiwan Island, The total landmass of these islands   is about 5.69 square kilometers.
Since the Japanese government "bought" the Diaoyu Islands, the tension  between China and Japan about the islands has gone up. Several major Shanghai travel agencies have decided to stop organizing tours to Japan and advised Japan-bound   tourists to make other plans, becauese of the Diaoyu Islands issue .
The Shanghai China CYTS Outbound Travel Service Co. Ltd.  stopped the tour to Japan and will gradually stop receiving tourist bookings  to Japan after the National Day holiday, according to Liu Xin, the company's manager.
The Shanghai branch of the China Travel International Ltd.   also said it was advising people who wanted to visit Japan to change their plans.
In fact, tourists had already begun to ask for cancellation  of their tours to Japan because they were worried about their safety.
Last year, more than 100,000 tourists from  Shanghai went to Japan on organized tours. That made Japan the second most popular tour place for travelers from the city, only after Thailand.
The question is: Why did several major Shanghai travel agencies stop organizing the tour to Japan?
The possible answers are:
A:Because it is far from China to Japan.
B:Because they think they couldn't make more money by organizing the tour to Japan
C:Because it will cost too much money.
D:Becauese the Diaoyu Islands issue happened between China and Japan.There is an old Chinese saying, " _ That means if someone helps you a bit, you should remember it and thank them gratefully in return.
We should live in a world of gratitude. We should prove it with actions, not just words. We thank people who hurt us, because they teach us important things. We thank people who give us up, because we learn how to be independent. We thank people who selfish ,because we learn the importance of being kind. Of course, we should thank people who help us. We should thank people who teach us. We should thank people who care about us.
We thank our parents. They work hard all the time in order to give their sons and daughters a better life. They cook meals for us, they do the chores for us, they always give us food and clothes, they teach us what is right and what is wrong.
We thank our teachers who give us dreams. They teach us a lot of things but they ask for nothing from us. We are well-educated of them.
There are a lot of people that we should be grateful to in our life. We should find a way to thank them.
The question is: According to the writer, what should do if someone helps you?
The possible answers are:
A:We should thank them gratefully in return
B:We should do nothing
C:We just go away at once
D:We should give them moneyMary is an American girl. She is now in Beijing with her parents. Mary doesn't know much Chinese, but she is studying it. She often speaks Chinese with her Chinese friends. Sometimes they can't understand her, because she can't speak Chinese very well.
It's Saturday morning. She goes out. She is walking in the street. She wants to go to the zoo to see the elephants and monkeys, but she doesn't know how to get there. She asks a Chinese boy the way. The boy can't understand her. Then she takes out a pen and a piece of paper. She draws an elephant on it, and shows the picture to the boy. The boy understands, and shows her the way to the zoo.
The question is: At last the boy  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:can understand Mary's Chinese
B:takes her to the zoo
C:shows her the way to the zoo
D:draws a picture for Mary, tooThere are plenty of possible reasons why you don't have any flowers near you. Perhaps, you just don't like them. Or maybe someone nearby doesn't. Maybe you're at work, and flowers are not allowed. Assuming  the problem is simply that you don't have time to go out and get flowers, you may be surprised to learn just how easy it actually is.
It's good to get flowers for yourself, but even better to be given them. I'm sure you know this, just as I'm sure there's someone special in your life who feels the same way. So why not take the chance to make someone happy, and get them some flowers? I know, you would, but it's just too much trouble.  Well, that's where you're wrong!
It' s a good excuse, and while it might have worked in the past, I'm afraid it doesn't work any more. Perhaps you are really too busy to go into town and get some flowers. On the other hand, the fact that you are reading this clearly shows that you have enough time to go online. Nowadays, you can buy pretty well anything online, and yes that includes flowers. By the way, there's another point to consider here. Price. I'm sure you've noticed that you can usually get things cheaper if you buy online, and flowers are no exception . For the same price as a few roses, you could have a full bouquet of flowers picked and arranged by an expert.
So why are you still here? Go online, and hunt down some flowers! There are plenty of flower shops available , and you should have no trouble finding one that
near you, especially if you live in a city or large town.  Then you're just a few clicks away from a beautiful bouquet.
,
The question is: What's the purpose of the author's writing this passage?
The possible answers are:
A:To advise people to buy flowers online.
B:To explain why people don't buy flowers.
C:To list the advantages of buying flowers online.
D:To share some information about a flower shop.When Abraham Lincoln was just a boy, he had to help his father to look after their farm. It was hard work and there wasn't anything interesting for him. Abraham wanted to go to school, but there was no school there. He was sad most of the time.
Mrs. Lincoln loved the boy very much. She tried her best to make Abraham happy. One morning she got up early and went to the town. It was a long way, so it took her a long time to get there. She bought something there and went back. It was late in the evening when she got home.
The next morning Mrs. Lincoln said to Abraham,"Today is your birthday, so we're going to have a party."She put some food on the table, and then brought out a present.
"A book!"Abraham cried. It was an old book, but he liked it. A smile came on his face. He looked up at Mrs. Lincoln and said,"Thank you, Mom."
The question is: Abraham Lincoln couldn't go to school because   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:his family had no money
B:his mother wanted to teach him herself
C:he didn't like school
D:there was no school near his homeMy name is Jack. I am a pupil of Grade One. I'm in No.1 Middle School. On weekdays I get up at six o'clock. I have breakfast at seven and then I go to school by bike. We begin our class at eight o'clock in the morning. We have four classes in the morning and three in the afternoon.
At noon, I have lunch at home. Classes are over at four fifteen in the afternoon. After class, we often play football in the afternoon. I go home at about five.
I have supper at about six thirty in the evening. I do my homework at seven thirty.
At weekend, I watch TV. I often go to bed at ten. I'm very happy.
,.
The question is: After class they often play   _   on the playground.
The possible answers are:
A:volleyball
B:basketball
C:football
D:ping-pongMr .Smith is an Englishman. He teaches English well.His English classes are very interesting.He likes us and we like him,too.
Mr Smith has two children--Tom and Lucy.Tom is seven and his sister Lucy is four.Tom goes to school but Lucy doesn't. Mr Smith likes to wear a T-shirt and jeans .Football is his favorite sport.After school we often have a basketball match.Sometimes Mr Smith watches and joins us.He plays basketball just for fun.
The question is: _   is Mr Smith's favorite sport.
The possible answers are:
A:Basketball
B:Football
C:Running
D:VolleyballRivers are one of our most important natural resources . Many of the world's great cities are located on rivers, and almost every country has at least one river running through it that plays an important part in the lives of its people.
Since the beginning of history, people have used rivers for transportation. The longest one in the United States is the Mississippi. The lifeline of Egypt is the Nile. To the people of India, the Ganges is great, but it is also important for transportation; ships can travel along it for a thousand miles. Other great rivers are the Congo in Africa and the Mekong in southeastern Asia. The greatest of all for navigation , however, is the Amazon in Brazil . It is so wide and so deep that large ships can go about two thousand miles up it.
Besides transportation, rivers give food to eat, water to drink, water for crops, and chances for fun. In order to increase the supply  of water for crops, engineers sometimes build a dam  across a river and let a lake form behind the dam. Then people can use the water not only to irrigate  their fields but also to make electricity for their homes and industries.
However, large cities and industries that are located on rivers often cause problems. As the cities grow in size and industries increase in number, the water in the rivers becomes polluted with chemicals and other materials. People are learning the importance, however, of doing more to keep their rivers clean if they want to enjoy the benefits of these natural resources.
The question is: Most water in rivers is polluted with   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:people's drinking water too much
B:people's swimming in the river too much
C:chemicals and other materials
D:people's building a dam across a riverA father and his young son get into a bus in a small city and sit down. The bus conductor comes to them for their money. The man says "I want one ticket to Oxford." and gives her a shilling( ).
The conductor looks at the small boy for a few seconds and then says to him, "How old are you young man?"
The man begins speaking,but the conductor stops him,and the boy says, "I'm four years old at home, and two and a half in buses and trains."
The man has to take six pence  out of his bag and gives the money to the conductor. The conductor gives him one and a half tickets.
The question is: The boy is  _  years old.
The possible answers are:
A:four
B:two
C:two and a half
D:six and a half1Forests help to keep water from running away, so drought does not often happen. The trees in the forests can keep raindrops from hitting the soil directly, and the dead leaves on the ground can also keep the water from running away.2
Chinese people don't want to see more floods and droughts. We have built the " Great Green Wall" of trees across the northern part of our country.3 Thanks to the " Great Green Wall", we can prevent the wind from blowing the earth away. It will stop the sand from moving towards the rich farmland. That's why more " Great Green Walls" are needed. Trees must be planted all over the world.4
,A, B, C, D,. (10)
The question is: "Great Green Wall will make the world better." This sentence should be put in  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:1
B:2
C:3
D:4Joan is an American girl. She lives in China now. She is in my class. Her parents work in China, too, but her brother works in the U.S.A. He often writes letters to them. Joan likes Chinese class very much, and likes speaking Chinese with us after class. Her father teaches us English well. We all like his class. Her mother is a nurse. On Sundays, Joan goes to the People's Park with her father and mother. Sometimes she goes shopping with her mother. They like the Chinese food very much. It's a happy family.
The question is: Which is RIGHT?
The possible answers are:
A:Joan's mother is a good teacher.
B:There are three people in her family.
C:They like to eat the Chinese food a lot.
D:The family are all in China.The death list in a school bus accident that happened on Wednesday morning in the northwest province of Gansu has risen to 20 following the death of one child later Wednesday.
It's known that the accident happened around 9:40 a.m. in Yulinzi town of Zhengning county, according to a report from the police. The report said five people including four children and their bus driver died just at the moment that the accident happened. While 15 others, their teacher included, were sure to be dead by the afternoon.
It's reported that another 44 children were injured in the accident and have been sent to hospital. Twelve of the injured are in badly hurt. The truck which caused the accident was carrying coal. Another reason for the accident was the bus itself. The police has blamed  _ for the accident, saying that the bus -- a van with nine seats -- was carrying 64 people.
The question is: How many more people did the bus carry than it could be carried in?
The possible answers are:
A:9
B:15
C:64
D:55This is a song, and millions of  Americans will hear it on New Year's Eve. It is called "Auld Lang Syne" (<<>> ). It is the traditional music played during New Year's celebration. "Auld Lang Syne" is an old Scottish poem. It tells about the need to remember old friends.
The words "auld lang syne" mean "old long since". No one knows who wrote the poem first.
However, a version by Scottish poet Robert Burns was published in 1796. The words and music we know today first appeared in a song book three years later.
The song is played in the United States mainly on New Year's Eve. The version you are hearing today is by the Washington Saxophone Quartet. One of the 4 musicians in the group is VOA's Rich Kainfaite. As we end our programme with "Auld Lang Syne",I would like to wish all of our radio friends a very happy New Year! This is Buddy Thomas.
The question is: What is "Auld Lang Syne" about?
The possible answers are:
A:It is about an old Scottish poet.
B:It is about the New Year's Eve.
C:It is about the history of Scotland.
D:It is about the need to remember old friends.Dear Disney,
Last weekend, the four members of my family spent an enjoyable holiday at the Magic Kingdom - Disneyland. And one event made our visit seem truly magical.
We got to the front of the line at Space Mountain, only to find out that our little daughter Gloria
couldn't take her ice-cream on the ride. We were so excited that we all forgot ice-cream was not allowed on the ride.
Gloria broke into tears and we all had no idea what to do. Then Murphy, one of the staff  members, came over. She bent down and told Gloria that she would hold the ice-cream for her and give it to her when she finished the ride. Gloria said, "Promise?" Then she gave Murphy her ice-cream, and she completely enjoyed the ride.
Sure enough, as we walked out the exit, there was Gloria's new friend with "her" ice-cream.
Now you and I both know what happened, because we know that an ice-cream won't last twenty minutes on a summer afternoon in Florida. Murphy knew what time we would get off the ride. she went to the nearest shop and bought a brand-new ice-cream thirty seconds before we walked out the exit. Gloria said, "Thank you," but I'm sure she thought it was the same ice-cream.
We know that _ tried hard to make our visit special. Thanks so much for going above and beyond!
Your fan,
Carmen Rivera
The question is: Murphy was waiting for Gloria   _   after the ride.
The possible answers are:
A:intheice-creamshop
B:attheexit
C:inthefrontoftheline
D:attheentranceHello, I'm Tommy Smith. This is my room. Look! My schoolbag is on the desk. My Chinese book is on the bed. My baseball is under the sofa. And my CDs are in the bookcase.
My name is Sally Hand. I'm a schoolgirl. English is my favorite subject. I like it because it's interesting. Anna is our English teacher. We all like her very much.
I'm a schoolboy. I'm Dave Clark. I like basketball. My friends and I play basketball after school. It's relaxing.
Hi, my name is Bill Hall. Where is my jacket? Please call me if  you find it. My phone number is 5283595. Thanks.
The question is: _   lost a jacket.
The possible answers are:
A:Tommy
B:Bill
C:Dave
D:SallyReal gift at Christmas
IT was Christmas Eve, 1881. I was 15 years old and feeling like the world was over for me. I didn't have enough money to buy myself the gift that I had wanted that year.
Dad came back in and there was ice in his beard. "You've been by widow   Smith's house recently?" he asked. Widow Smith lived two miles down the road. Her husband died a year ago and left her with three children.
"I rode by just today," Dad continued. "Little Jack was out looking for wood  . They must be out of wood, Tom."
We filled our sled   high with wood. Then we went to the store and Dad bought some food, and a smaller pair of shoes. I tried to think through what Dad was doing. I knew we didn't have much money, so why was Dad buying _ so many things?
We got to the Smith's house and went in. "We brought you a few things, madam," Dad said, and put down the bag of food on the table. Then Dad handed widow Smith the pair of shoes. She bit her lower lip   to keep it from trembling  , and then tears filled her eyes and started running down her cheeks.
My throat seemed to be filled with something, and there were tears in my eyes, too. Just then my dream gift seemed very unimportant. Dad had given me the look on widow Smith's face and the smiles of her three children. He had given me the best Christmas of my life.
The question is: The writer was not happy on Christmas Eve 1881 because   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:he was worried that his father was still not back
B:it was the beginning of a new year and he didn't want to grow up
C:he couldn't have the Christmas gift he wanted
D:he didn't want to go out in the coldParents can be very important teachers in our lives. However, they are not always the best teachers. Parents may be too close to their children emotionally  . Sometimes they can only see their children through the eyes of a protector. For example, a teacher might see a trip to a big city as a valuable experience. However, it might seem too dangerous to a parent.
Another problem is that parents may expect their children's interests to be similar to their own. If they love science, they may try to force   their child to love science too. But what if (......) their child's true love is art, or writing, or car repair?
Parents usually want to _ their values to their children. But should children always believe what their parents do? When children are young, they believe that their parents are always right. But when they get older, they will have different ways of thinking.
The most important thing to realize is that we all have many teachers in our lives. Our parents teach us, our teachers teach us, and our friends teach us. Books and newspapers and televisions also teach us. All of them are valuable.
The question is: _   might see a trip to a big city as a valuable experience, according to the passage.
The possible answers are:
A:A parent
B:A teacher
C:Either a teacher or a parent
D:Neither a teacher nor a parentPenguins live together, but each pair has a little piece of ground of their own. When a penguin wants to walk through its neighbor's ground, it must ask for permission . If it does not, it will have to fight. Penguins come and go all day. They fight for fish and look after their children.
All penguins are good parents--the male penguins are perhaps the best parents in the world. They choose their wives in the dark They can only hear them--not see them. Then the female penguins lay their eggs and go away for about two months. The males look after the eggs. If the eggs get cold, there will be no chicks. There is no food. The snow falls and the wind blows--sometimes at 150 kilometers an hour. The penguins do not move.
When the females return from the sea, they will not remember their husbands. It doesn't matter. Only one thing-- their eggs. Male penguins never fight--unless a penguin leaves a chick for a minute. Then they fight because they all want it. They are strange and wonderful birds.
The question is: Which of the following is NOT true?
The possible answers are:
A:Female penguins often have their new husbands.
B:Penguins often fight for fishing.
C:Female penguins take care of the eggs.
D:Male penguins use their ears to choose wivesHi, my name is Amy. I am a Grade 7 student, and I would like to tell you something about my class and myself.
There are ten classes in Grade 7.In each class, there are about forty students. I think that my class, Class 4 is the best .That is because all the students in my class work very hard and the teachers are all very nice to the students. But I am not one of the best students in the class.
I love reading, and I am very good at Chinese and English. I don't find Maths very interesting, so I am not good at it. I want to work hard at it. My teacher, classmates and my parents would like to help me with my Maths.
The question is: What is Amy not good at?
The possible answers are:
A:Chinese
B:P.E.
C:English
D:MathsMy name is Jane. I'm now living in a small house with my parents. Life for us is difficult but happy. I must study hard to buy a big new house someday. I call it a dream  house.
My dream house is near the sea. It has three floors with five bedrooms, three bathrooms, two big dining rooms and two living rooms. When my friends come to visit me, I will have enough  bedrooms for them. We have a swimming pool behind the house and a garden in front of the house. In the morning, my parents can _ in the garden to keep them healthy. The air will be very good and nice. When it's hot, we can have a swim in the swimming pool. Life will be easy for us.
The question is: Which is the best title  for the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:My Home
B:My Dream House
C:My life
D:My FamilyPassage 4
How dangerous it would be if there was a fire! Today is in winter. It's time for us to learn a lot more about fire, especially what to do if we are caught in a fire:
1. Shout out
If you smell smoke or see fire, shout out "Fire!" Shout as loudly as you can, because people may be asleep.
2. Call 119
Never try to put the fire yourself, even if it is a very small one! Get help from your parents or call 119.
3. Keep down close to the floor
If there is a lot of smoke in your room, keep down close to the floor.
4. Test the door
Test the door before you open it. If the door is cool, open it carefully. If the door is hot, do not open it! Try to find a different way out.
5. Get out
If you can, get out of your home as soon as possible.
6. Don't use the lift
Never use the lift during the fire. It may also go wrong.
7. Don't go back
Never go back into a burning building!
The question is: Why shouldn't you use the lift when a fire breaks out?
The possible answers are:
A:Because taking the lift is so slow
B:Because the fire can burn you
C:Because the lift is too crowded
D:Because the lift may not workHow do you feel when your parents are not at home with you? Here is what Daniel and Laura said.
Daniel:
Well, I've had the experience of having to take care of my younger brother by myself. Sometimes it's scary, but there are a lot of things making being at home alone fun. My favorite thing to do is to watch television. It is like having another person to talk to. And if my brother and I are arguing, we make a deal  . We play his game first, then he has to play mine, and both of us get what we want. When I get a little scared, I just remember that there is always someone to call on the phone. I can call my parents and I have my next door neighbors, too.
Laura:
When I started staying at home alone, I found that keeping the television or the radio on helped to make me feel easy. I also always had the phone numbers of my parents and the neighbors. When babysitting my younger brothers, I would play games with them, and leave more lights on than usual. I would also keep the phone number of the hospital nearby.
.
The question is: Daniel and Laura both agree that it's necessary to  _   when they're alone at home.
The possible answers are:
A:have the phone numbers of their parents
B:stay with a brother or sister
C:watch TV or listen to the radio
D:make sure that the house is cleanSimon hardly listened to his teachers or worked hard in class. For him, talking was so much better. He never stopped talking. He wanted to be heard. "If you listen carefully, you'll learn something." Mrs. Jacobs told him many times, but it didn't work.
Last Sunday, Simon had a sore throat   and he lost his voice the next morning. "Can I stay home?" he tried to ask, but words didn't come out. His mother thought he could go to school. He felt upset.
When he got to school, he didn't say anything to his friends or teachers. Everyone started talking at once. They were excited, worried and surprised. Mrs. Jacobs seemed happy. Simon was bored because he couldn't talk.
But it wasn't so bad. He could do his homework. The next day,  even though his voice was coming back, he stayed quiet again. He listened and put up his hand to speak. What a great difference!
,.
The question is: According to the passage, Simon finally learned to  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:listen to his teacher
B:listen to his friends
C:do his homework alone
D:talk with his classmatesAs a father, I always do my best to help my son, Peter. I like to help him with his study. I encourage him to join team sports. I send him to the summer camp if he wants to go. I also teach him to be both a good student and a useful man.
He used to make me feel proud. I often thought he was the best son and I was the best father in the world.
However, things changed two years ago. It was Peter's 12th birthday. My wife and I bought him a computer as a present. We thought it was necessary for him to learn how to use a computer in the modern world. We knew that some children were addicted   to computer games and that they didn't study or work at all. Someone said that computers and the Internet were bad for children, but I didn't worry about it. I trusted   my son. I believed that he could control himself. Peter did very well at first. He played computer games, but for only two hours every week. Most of the time he studied or wrote articles on the computer. We felt very happy to see that.
When we finally learned that Peter was also addicted to computer games, it was too late. He didn't like studying at all. He no longer joined team sports. Sometimes we even couldn't find him at night. He spent several days and nights at the Internet cafe. We tried everything to help him, but nothing worked. What should we do?
The question is: How long did Peter play computer games at first?
The possible answers are:
A:About two hours every day.
B:About two hours every week.
C:About two hours every month.
D:The whole day.If you have a brother or sister, you already know you are different from each other. You live together in the same house and the same parents, but you have different personalities .
Why is this? One possible reason is the way your parent treat you.
First -born children receive all the attention from their parents. Most families have twice as many photos of a first-born than any other child. Parents usually give first-born more responsibility and depend on them to take care of younger brothers and sisters. As a result, first -born are often responsible, hard-working, and jealous . They often want to do well at school and work. There are more first-born American Presidents, for example, George Bush, George Washington, and Lyndon Baines Johnson than second or last-born children.
When a second child arrives, parents are more relaxed. The second child has to compete  with the first-born for the parents' attention and love. Their children often choose different sports and hobbies to do well at school and work, but have to be creative to get their family's attention. They are often friendly and cool. Many famous talk-show hosts were born last.
The question is: We can learn from the passage that   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:the second child is very similar to the first-born child
B:brothers and sisters usually have the same personalities
C:it's easy for the second child to get his or her parents' attention
D:there are more first-born successful people than second or last-born peopleIt was a very hot afternoon,and we decided to cool off in the river near my home.As we climbed down a small rocky hill toward the water, my boyfriend John suddenly started to shout,then jumped into the water below. Peter and Mary quickly followed but I was too far away to jump. I was strapped.
I heard a low hum  , which was growing louder .From a distance,the group of bees looked almost like a cloud of smoke.As it got closer,I realized it was actually thousands of bees flying towards me.
All I could do was cover my face with hands.Crazily I thought that if I sat very still(  ),the bees would think I was just another rock.
After a few seconds,I knew my plan hadn't worked.The bees were attacking me. I could hear my friends shouting at me to get down to the pool fast.
But it wasn't easy.I was in great pain and the only way I could get away was to use my hands to climb down to the rocks.However, I was afraid to do that at first because my face would be unprotected.The noise the bees made was so loud and frightening ,but I had no choice.
I rushed down the rocks and jumped into the pool,but I don't remember doing it.I was just so happy to be free from the pain. I was safe,and the water felt wonderful.
But we still weren't out of danger. Every time we tried to climb out of the pool,the bees flew back over our heads.We spent the next three hours in the water, putting our heads under the water from time to time to avoid the bees until they finally lost interest.
The question is: At first why didn't the writer want to climb down the rocks?
The possible answers are:
A:She ws afraid she would fall
B:She was too far away from the pool
C:She thought the bees would follow her
D:She didn't want her face to be unprotectedChen Zhengshan has a special classmate, his 63-year-old grandma.
His grandma began to look after him 10 years ago. Chen got a bad illness when he was three. His mother left the family. His father couldn't work. So his grandparents began to look after him.  Chen had to take five kinds of medicine every day and it cost the family more than 1,200 yuan every month.
Chen couldn't speak well. Some boys often laughed at him at school. He was very sad. In 2008, his grandma decided to go to school with him. She asked the school to let her do so, but the teachers didn't agree. In 2009, she made it,because the teachers were moved by her love. The teachers also asked students to help the boy and collected more than 600 yuan for him.
The grandma planned to go to school with her grandson until he got well. She said,"My boy who likes playing the piano is as clever as the other children."
,.
The question is: Why did Chen's grandma decide to go to school with him?
The possible answers are:
A:Because she wanted to learn something.
B:Because her grandson couldn't walk.
C:Because she wanted to look after her grandson.
D:Because her grandson didn't study well.Weather Facts around the world
The wettest place: Tutunendo, Colombia, has an average of 11,700 mm of rain every year.
The hottest place: The average temperature in Dallol, Ethiopia, is 34degC.
The foggiest place: There is fog in some place on the new foundland coast of Canada for an average of 120 days a
Year The cloudiest place: For 182 days every year there is no sunshine at the South Pole because clouds cover the area. The Sunniest place: In Yuma, Arizona, in the United States, the sun shines 90 per cent of the time.
The windiest place: In parts of Antarctica, winds often reach 320 km an hour.
The driest place: Arica, in the north of Chile, has less than 0.1 mm of rain each year.
The coldest place: The average temperature in one area of America is -58degC.
The question is: Which place has the least rain ?
The possible answers are:
A:Africa
B:Ariaona
C:Tutunendo
D:AricaJenny is a nice girl. She likes to playing soccer. And she watches soccer games on TV every day. But she doesn't like playing baseball. She has some friends in her class. They are Tom, Mary, Susan and Linda.
Tom likes playing ping - pong. He has some nice ping - pong bats, He usually plays ping - pong with his friends after school. Mary likes playing volleyball. She is in a volleyball club .But she doesn't like playing basketball. Susan likes singing. She has many CDs. They are in her desk. Linda is ten years old. She doesn't like doing any sports, but she likes making model planes.
The question is: What does Jenny watch on TV every day?
The possible answers are:
A:Soccer. games.
B:Baseball games.
C:Ping - pong games.
D:Basketball games.Mr. Clinton and his 13-year-old son Tony are baseball fans. Last October 10th was Tony's birthday, so Mr. Clinton decided to drive him to New York, for the first game of the World Series  . They had no ticket but hoped to buy a pair from others.
After they arrived, they walked in the street for two hours, carrying a sign, "We need two tickets." Then they found the cheapest ticket was $200. They were about to leave when suddenly a man stopped them. He took out two tickets and handed them to Mr. Clinton.
"How much do you want?"
"Just a present." said the man, "Enjoy the game."
Mr. Clinton wouldn't accept, so the man explained, "I'm Jackson. Hans is my boss. He and his wife haven't missed a World Series in 18 years. But he is ill and can't watch the game this time. So he told me to give the two tickets to people who would actually enjoy the game. Then I saw you and I followed you for a while. You seemed very sad. You made me think of my dad and me when I was a child. I dreamed of going to a World Series game with my father. But my dream never came true."
How do you suppose this made Mr. Clinton and his son feel? Here is what Mr. Clinton said: "This is the most wonderful thing that ever happened to us. My boy and I must have turned to each other over 30 times and said, 'I can't believe this.' We still never forget Jackson and Hans."
The question is: What's the best title for this passage?
The possible answers are:
A:A special present.
B:A helpful boss.
C:A wonderful game.
D:An excellent dream.Look ! What's this in English? Ah, it's a photo. Who's that in the photo? It's Li Yan. Li Yan is my good friend. She is a beautiful  girl. Who's that? The boy in black? It's Jim. He is an English boy. He is very cool . He is my friend, too. We are all in the same  school. I like Jim and Li Yan.
The question is: What's this?  It's  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:a school
B:a friend
C:a photo
D:an English friendPure Brightness Festival, also known as Tomb-sweeping Day in China, falls on the 4thor 5thof April each year. It was started in the Han Dynasty. On this day, whole families, young and old, with flowers visit the graves of their ancestors to pay their respects. Following the custom, tomb sweepers clean and tidy the graves, decorate them with flowers. They burn paper money made for the dead, set off firecrackers and bow before their ancestors' tombstones. On this day, they don't cook. Only cold food is served.
However, tomb sweeping is not the only activity during Pure Brightness Festival. This day is also a time for people to enjoy themselves. Other activities include spring outing, flying kites, planting trees, tasting tea and so on. In April, everything in nature takes on a new look. Trees turn green, flowers come out and the sun shines brightly. So it is a good time to be out to appreciate the beauty of nature. People fly kites not only in the daytime but at night. In the dark, some people fly kites with lanterns, which are called "God's lanterns". They plant trees because young trees which are planted during this period are easy to grow up. And they enjoy tea because the tea produced around the festival is said to have good quality.
The question is: The word "tomb" probably means the same as the word "  _  " in the passage.
The possible answers are:
A:grave
B:tombstone
C:ancestor
D:customCan you make a telephone call? Of course you make it in Chinese. But the call in English is quite different from the one in Chinese. If you want to ask somebody to answer the telephone, you cannot say, " Please ask Mr/Mrs/Miss... to answer the telephone." Instead, you must say, " May I speak to Mr/Mrs/Miss..., please?" If you want to ask who is answering the telephone, you should say " Who is that?" or " Is that ...( somebody ) speaking?" instead of " Who are you ?". If you want to tell the other one who you are, you should say, " This is ...( somebody ) speaking."
The question is: The call in English is   _   from the one in Chinese.
The possible answers are:
A:hard
B:difficult
C:same
D:differentLong, long ago there were only a few thousand people in the world. These people move form place to place over the land, hunting animals for food.
No one knows how or when these people learned about growing food. But when they did, their lives changed. They did not have to look for food any more. They could stay in one place and grow it.
People began to live near one another. And so the first village grew. Many people came to work in the villages. These villages grew very big. When machines appeared , life in the villages changed again. Factories were built. More and more people lived near the factories. The cities grew very big.
Today some people are moving back to small towns. Can you tell why?
The question is: The best title of the text should be   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:Cities or Villages
B:Back to Towns
C:How Cities Grew
D:People and AnimalsAt Christmas,1871,Edison,the famous American scientist,got married to Mary. Lots of their friends came to their wedding ceremony . At about two in the afternoon,Edison suddenly thought out a good way to solve the problem on the automatic telegraph after the wedding. So he said to the bride ,"I'll have to go to the factory because I have something important to do. Then I'll come back to have dinner with you."The bride had no way but to agree.
On the night of the festival, other families were full of joy while the bride stayed in the house alone,just looking out of the window. How lonely she was!
A worker went into the lab and said as soon as he saw Edison, "My goodness! I have never seen a bride-groom like you. It's already twelve now!"Edison was greatly surprised. "Twelve? Too bad! I said I would have dinner with Mary."  he said as he ran downstairs.
That's how hard Edison worked.He gave all his life to the invention of lights, films and over two thousand other things. A new invention came into being every fifteen days.
The question is: It took Edison about  _  to work in his factory.
The possible answers are:
A:two hours
B:ten hours
C:twelve hours
D:eight hoursBob is eleven years old. One day, his friend Jenny said to him, "I'm going to have a birthday party on Saturday. Bob, can you come?"
Bob asked his mother, and his mother said, "Yes, you can go. " On Saturday afternoon, his mother said to him again, "Now, Bob, when you go to the party, you must be polite , and don't ask for food until someone gives it to you. "
"All right, Mom. " Bob said, and he went to Jenny's house by bike.
There were many children at the party. They played games for about an hour, and then Jenny's mother gave them some food, but she forgot Bob and didn't give him any. After a long time, he took up his plate and said loudly, "Does anyone want a nice clean plate?"
The question is: Why did Bob take up his plate?
The possible answers are:
A:Because he wanted others to look at his clean plate.
B:Because he had a nice clean plate.
C:Because he wanted some food.
D:Because his plate was very clean.I'm Dale.I'm a green and yellow pencil ease.What's this? Oh, it's Helen, a pen.And that's Frank, a ruler.Helen is black and Frank is blue.What's this in English? It's a jacket, a white jacket.Its name is Alice.What color is the key? Oh, it's black.
,.
The question is: The jacket is    _   .
The possible answers are:
A:Frank
B:Eric
C:Helen
D:AliceAll the wisdom of the times, all the stories that have delighted mankind for centuries, are easily and cheaply available to all of us in books, but we must know how to make use of this treasure. The unluckiest people in the world are those who have never discovered how satisfying it is to read good books.
I'm very interested in people and finding out about them. Some of the most amazing people I've met could only  be found in a writer's imagination, then in his book, and then, again, in my imagination. I've found in books new friends and new worlds.
Reading is fun, not because the writer is telling you something, but because it makes your mind work. Your own imagination works along with the writer's or even goes beyond his. Your experience, compared with his, brings you to the same or different conclusions, and your ideas develop as you understand his.
Every book stands by itself, like a one-family house, but books in a library are like houses in a city. Although they are separate , in some way they are connected with each other. The same ideas, or related  ones, appear in different places; the human problems that repeat themselves in life repeat themselves in books, but with different solutions  according to different writings at different times. Books influence each other. They connect the past, the present and the future and have their own generations (age groups), like families. Wherever you start reading, you connect yourself with one of the families of ideas, and in the end, you not only find out about the world and the people in it, you find out about yourself, too.
Reading can only be fun if you expect it to be. If you concentrate on  books somebody tells you "ought" to read, you probably won' t have fun. But if you put down a book you don't like and try another till you find one that means something to you, and then relax with it, you will almost certainly have a good time -- and if you become, as a result of reading, better, wiser, kinder, or more gentle, you won't suffer during the process.
The question is: What's the writer's purpose of writing this article?
The possible answers are:
A:To advise us to enjoy ourselves by reading.
B:To encourage us to make full use of libraries.
C:To encourage us to find out solutions in books.
D:To advise us to discuss books with other people.Dear Dad and Mom,
How are you? I'm happy here, but I miss you very much. It's Sunday today, I don't have any classes. I am writing an e-mail to you in the computer room now.
There are lots of students in the computer room. Some students are talking with their friends on QQ. Some students are playing computer games. Some students are watching movies on computers. My new friends, Peter and Bill, are here with me. Peter is buying a T-shirt on the Internet. And what is Bill doing? Oh, he is reading a book on the computer. They're friendly and they often help me with my study and life. When you come to Shanghai, I want you to meet them.
I'm OK in Shanghai. Please don't worry   about me. I hope you are happy and well.
Love,
Jenny
The question is: What's Peter buying?
The possible answers are:
A:A sweater.
B:A T-shirt.
C:A book.
D:A basketball.Japanese students work very hard, but many are unhappy. They feel heavy pressure from their parents to do well in school. Most students are always being told by their parents to study harder so that they can have a wonderful life. Though this may be a good idea for those very smart students, it can have terrible results for many students because they are not talented enough.
As it is reported, a number of students killed themselves. Others try to get the feelings of taking drugs . Some join the groups of troublemakers and turn to crime . Many of them have tried very hard at school but have failed in the exams and have their parents lose hopes. Such students felt that they are hated by everyone else they meet and they don't want to go to school any longer.
It is surprising that though most Japanese parents are worried about their children, they do not help them in any ways .Many parents feel that they are not able to help their children and it is the teachers' work to help their children. To make matter worse, a lot of parents send their children to those school opening in the evenings and on weekends-- they only help students to pass exams and never teach students any real sense of the world. It is a great surprise that almost three quarters of middle school students have been to such kind of schools. Many Japanese schools usually have rules about everything from the students' hair to their clothes and the things in their bags. Child psychologists  now think that such strict rules are harmful  to the feelings of the students. Almost 40% of the students said that no one had taught them how to get on with others, how to tell right from wrong, how to show love for others, even for their parents.
The question is: Why do the Japanese student feel unhappy?
The possible answers are:
A:Because they don't work hard enough
B:Because their parents give them little pressure
C:Because they can't do well in their schoolwork.
D:Because their parents want them to do well in school, it give them much pressure.Have you ever wondered how and why a fall leaf changes color? We first have to understand what leaves are and what they do.
Plants are the world's food factories. Plants take water from the ground and take CO2from the air. Plants use sunlight to turn water and CO2into glucose . Glucose is a kind of sugar. Using it as food, plants get energy and grow. Plants using sunlight to turn water and CO2into sugar is called photosynthesis . _ helps photosynthesis. It gives plants their green color.
As summer ends and autumn comes, the days get shorter and shorter, and trees "know" to begin getting ready for winter. During winter, there is not enough light or water for photosynthesis. Trees rest during this time and live on the food they store during the summer. They begin to shut down their food -- making factories. As the green chlorophyII disappears from the leaves, we begin to see yellow and orange leaves. These colors have been in the leaves all the time. We just can't see them in the summer, because they are covered up by the green chlorophyII.
The bright reds and purples we see in leaves are made mostly in autumn. In some trees, glucose is caught in the leaves after photosynthesis stops. Sunlight and the cool nights of autumn turn this glucose into a red color. The brown color of trees is made from waste left in the leaves. It is mixture  of all these things. It makes the beautiful leaves during autumn.
.
The question is: What's the main meaning of this passage?
The possible answers are:
A:What's photosynthesis?
B:How and why leaves change colors?
C:Different kinds of leaves.
D:How the seasons change.My English teacher is very funny. He has really long hair and wears an earring   on one ear. He likes to wear purple shirts and orange pants. He also uses all kinds of slang  words from the 1970s. When he likes something, he'll say it's really "groovy" . I think he played the guitar in a rock band when he was young.
One day, he walks into the classroom and sees that there is a new student. He asks him, "Hey, man, what's happening?" The student is very confused, but we all laugh because we know that the teacher is just saying hello. "You're new, aren't you?" the teacher asks. The student is surprised and says to himself, "Is this a teacher? He looks strange." Then he explains to all of us, "Sorry. Maybe I'm in the wrong classroom."
The question is: What does the teacher like to wear?
The possible answers are:
A:A ring and purple shirts.
B:Orange pants and a scarf.
C:An earring and orange pants.
D:Long hair and a scarfSaturday was going to be a special day for Sara. It was her birthday. No one had mentioned her birthday so far, and it was already Wednesday. " _ ", Sara thought to herself.
Sara went to school and told her friend, Jenny, that Saturday was her birthday.
"I know," said Jenny. "Lynn told all the girls about your birthday."
"Wow, I didn't realize everyone knew," said Sara. Saturday finally came and Sara got up early.
"Good morning, Sara," said Mum.
"Hi," said Sara. She looked around, but didn't see anyone _ her birthday.
"What are you doing today?" asked Mum.
"Just stay at home," said Sara, feeling a bit sad. She didn't want to tell Mum it was her birthday.
"Why don't you come with me to the Recreation Centre?" asked Mum.
"What will I do there?" asked Sara.
Mum said they needed help with a community project.
That afternoon Sara and her mum went to the Recreation Centre. When they opened the door, people shouted, "SURPRISE!" Sara couldn't believe it. There were friends from school and her family. She saw Uncle Rick, Aunt Claire, and many cousins along with Grandma Joan. The walls were decorated with colourful balloons. There was a big cake sitting on the table along with many presents. A small band played the songs Sara and her friends liked to dance to.
Sara was called to cut the first piece of her birthday cake. She felt so special. "This is the best birthday I've ever had!" said Sara. "Thank you to everyone."
The question is: Many people went to Sara's birthday party EXCEPT  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:her friends
B:her mother
C:her grandfather
D:her uncle and auntMiss. Green taught Physics  in a London school. Last month she explained to one of her classes about sound, and she decided to test them to see how well she did in her work. She said to them, "Now, I have a sister in Washington. If I was calling her on the telephone, and at the same time you were 20 metres away, and listened to me from the other side of the street, who would hear what I said earlier, my sister or you? And why?" The cleverest boy answered at once, "Your sister, Miss. Green, because electricity   travels faster than sound waves."
"That's very good." Miss. Green said. But then one of the girls put up her hand. Miss. Green said, "Yes, Betty?""I don't think so," Betty said. "Your sister would hear you earlier because when it's eleven o'clock here, it's six o'clock in Washington."
The question is: Miss. Green was teaching the class  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:about time
B:about sound
C:about electricity
D:about telephoneWriter: Amy Gillett
Price:$24.95Fare :$3.99(Ships from and sold by Amazon.com.)
INTRODUCTION  .................................9
Lesson 1: Bob's Day at Work...........................11
Lesson 2: Bob Returns Home with Bad News.........17
Lesson 3: Ted's Day at School........................23
Lesson 4: Nicole's Day at School.....................27
Lesson 5: Ted Goes Out for the Evening...............33
REVIEW: Lessons 1-5 .................................37
:
The question is: If you want to know about Ted's day at school, you should turn to Page   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:11
B:17
C:23
D:33Dear Grace,
How are you? Thank you for your last e-mail. You want to know about my school clubs, right ? Well, it's time for us to join the school clubs now. There are many clubs in my school, like the English club, the art club, the music club and the sports club. I have two good friends, Jack and Lisa. We all want to join the school clubs.
I want to join the music club, because I can play the guitar. I can't speak English well, but I also want to join the English club.
Jack likes sports. He can play soccer and basketball. He is in the school soccer team . He wants to join the sports club. He can play the guitar, too. But he doesn't want to join the music club.
Lisa likes drawing. She wants to join the art club. She also speaks English very well. I think she can be in the English club. But she can't be in the music club. She can't play any instruments .
Are there any clubs in your school? What club are you in?
Please write an e--mail and tell me about your school clubs.
Yours,
Jane
The question is: Grace Jane?
The possible answers are:
A:Grace's birthday party.
B:Grace's favorite subjects.
C:Grace's school clubs.
D:Grace's school dayCoffee has become the most popular American drink. Today people in the United States drink more coffee than people in any of the other countries. People drink coffee at breakfast, at lunch, at dinner and between meals. They drink hot coffee or coffee with ice in it. They drink it at work and at home. They eat coffee ice-cream and coffee candy. Coffee is black and very _ . Different people like to drink it in different ways. Some people like coffee with cream or sugar in it. Other people like coffee with both cream and sugar in it. In all ways it is served. Coffee has become an international drink.
The question is: Today Americans drink   _  coffee than people in any of the other countries. .
The possible answers are:
A:as much as
B:less
C:more
D:mostThe one-child policy in our country has made most families much smaller than before. That is to say, there are fewer children in a family. But the population of China is still growing faster. Why? In fact, it's a serious problem not only in China, but also in the whole world. It's reported that the world population is _ to reach 9,200,000,000 by 2050. There are two important reasons. First, there are still more and more babies born every year. Next, people in the world can live much longer than before.
The earth is too tired, but it has to burden  more in the future. Who can save her?
,.
The question is: Which is the best title for the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:China's Population
B:The Family Planning
C:The Population Problem
D:China's One-Child Policy"Daddy, how much money do you make an hour?"
"If you must know, I make  $20  an hour."
"Oh," the little boy replied, with his head down.He thought for a moment, looked up and said, "Daddy,could you lend me $10?" The father was _ , "If you asked for the money to buy a toy or some other rubbish, then go straight to your room and think about why you are being so selfish!"
The little boy quietly went to his room and shut the door. After about an hour or so, the father calmed down, and started to think, "Maybe I was too hard on you just now." said the man, "Here's $10."
"Oh,thank you,Daddy!."he said happily.Then, the boy took out some coins.When the father found that the boy already had money, he got angry again.
"Why do you want more money since you already have some?" the father shouted angrily.
"Because I didn't have enough, but now I do."the lillte boy replied, "Daddy, I have $20 now.Can I buy an hour of your time? Please come home early tomorrow.I would like to have dinner with you."
The question is: At first,the father didn't lend the boy any money because  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:he thought the boy wanted to keep the money for himself
B:he did not have enough money at that moment
C:he thought the boy would buy something of no use
D:the boy always borrowed money from himLong ago ,there lived in Greece a learned man. He was so well known for his good knowledge of almost everything that lots of people from all over the country came to learn from him. The great man taught his students whole-heartedly and answered their questions with great patience.
One day a student asked him, " My dear teacher, didn't you say you yourself have many ,many more questions about things than we do? But I think we students have far more than you."
With a smile on his face, the teacher drew two circles ,one as large as a big cake, the other smaller. Then he said , "Of course, I have learned much more. But it's wrong to think that a teacher has fewer questions than his students. Now, look at these two circles. The inside of the bigger one is my knowledge of things, and the inside of the smaller one is yours. Out of the circles is what is still unknown to us. Since mine is larger, I have to use the longer line to draw the bigger circle. That means I have more opportunities to face what is still unknown. And that's why I myself have more questions than you do. The more you learn , the more questions you have. You will never learn enough ,you know."
The question is: The student didn't agree that   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:the teacher had so many questions as a learned man
B:the teacher had so many questions
C:the students had fewer questions than the teacher
D:the students had more questions than 0the teacherDriving a car at a high speed   along a highway seems to be fun. You need only to follow the bright traffic signs   beside the highways and they will take you to where you wish.
But to a London taxi driver, driving is not an easy job. A taxi driver has to have not only skills but also a good knowledge of the city of London, from the smaller road to the most popular bar  .He has to be at the service of all kinds of people at all times. He usually goes home between 2 and 3 o'clock in the morning. There are times he has to stay longer and try to _ 
London taxi drivers not only "take" but also "give". Every summer hundreds of children from London will go for a day at the sea by taxi! Their rides are paid by the taxi drivers. At the sea, they are met by the mayor  , and the lunch party is also held for the drivers and children. After a happy day running around the beaches and visiting the markets, the children go home again by taxi, and free  of charge  , of course!
The question is: It's not easy to be a taxi driver in London because   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:there is much traffic in London
B:he has to follow the bright traffic signs
C:he makes little money
D:he has to know all the places in the city and serve all kinds of people at all timesBruce and his other two friends, Bruno and Dick lived in the same city in England. They were free in their summer holiday. So they came to a village by a large lake. They liked fishing very much. Then the next day after they got there, they got to a boat and went fishing in the lake. They boated farther and farther. They came to an out-of-way place. They were very happy because there were a lot of fish. When it was time for them to go home, Bruce said to his friends: "We'd better make a mark  here so that we will easily find the place tomorrow."
"You're right." Bruno said happily ."Let me do that."
"How foolish," said Bruce. "If it rains tonight, the rain water will wash the line  off, and how can we find the mark tomorrow. You must cut a line with your knife."
Dick came up to them and said angrily. " Neither  of you is clever. How can we find the place if we have another boat tomorrow? We should not go back tonight."
The question is: The boys wanted to go to the place again tomorrow because   _
The possible answers are:
A:it was a good place
B:there were a lot of fish
C:there was a mark on the side of the boat
D:they were good at fishingSydney Tower
Address:       100 Market St, Sydney
Phone:         02 9333 9222
Fax:           02 9333 9203
Open time:     9:00am to 10:30pm ( Saturday to 11:30 pm)
Ticket:         $ 60 (for an adult)     $ 30 (for a child)
Website:        www. Sydneytower .com. au
How to get there:  train to Town Hall Station and a short walk along Market Street.
How to book tickets:   by phone/  fax or through the web
Attraction:      Sydney's best views are just the beginning ! Sydney Tower takes you to the highest point above Sydney for exciting 360degviews of our beautiful city.
The question is: If you want to book a ticket to Sydney Tower, you can't   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:Email sydneytower @ hotmail. com
B:Fax: 02 9333 9203
C:search www. Sydneytower.com. au
D:dial 02 9333 9222On May 2, 2012, Ashok Gadgil became the winner of the $100,000 Lemelson-MIT Award for Global Innovation  . Each year, the honor is given to an inventor who has made a big difference in the lives of people in developing countries. Gadgil is a professor and physicist at the University of California, Berkeley. He spent thirty years helping people in need. His inventions have helped more than 100 million people around the world. "I chose to focus on problems where my knowledge of science  could help," Gadgil said.
In the 1990s, Gadgil designed his first life-saving invention after more than 10,000 people died from Bengal cholera   because of the clean water crisis   in India. His invention uses ultraviolet light to kill deadly disease-carrying germs   from drinking water. It costs just one cent to clean five liters of water (about 21 cups). So far, the invention has provided safe drinking water for more than five million people in India and other developing countries.
Gadgil's another important invention is the Berkeley-Darfur Stove  . The long and violent war in Darfur, Sudan, has caused many people to move to foreign countries and live in refugee camps  . They are given food aid. But people still have to travel a long distance five times a week to gather firewood to cook meals. This can be dangerous because of street violence in the area. To avoid danger, some spend much of their money used to feed their families buying firewood.
The stove Gadgil created cuts fuel usage by 55%. That means people wouldn't have to leave the camps to find firewood as often. The invention also helps to save homes more than $300 a year. About 125,000 people and their families have been helped.
As a professor, Gadgil encourages his students, "Be optimistic   when you try a hard problem," he says. "It's when you solve a large problem that you can have a big influence on the world."
The question is: Which of the following statements about Gadgil is TRUE?
The possible answers are:
A:He helped about 125,000 people in India.
B:He spent lots of money on his inventions.
C:He used his knowledge to help people in need.
D:One of his inventions could cure Bengal cholera.A men went into a shop to buy a parrot.There were three parrots in the shop.One was $1000; another one, $2000; and the third one, $3000. The man asked the owner, "Is this brid really $1000?That's so expensive for this kind of parrot."The owner said, "Because I have trained him and he can talk." Then the man asked him, "How about this one?What can he do that makes him so expensive?" The owner said, "Well, he can not only talk but also do some amusing actions,like dancing and so on.That"s why he's so expensive?"  Then the man asked, "How about the third one? What can he do that makes him so expensive" The owner of the shop said, "I don't know.Usually,I have never heard him talk, nor   dance, nor say, nor sing, nothing at all! But the other two call him The Boss .
The question is: What can the bird of $2000 do?
The possible answers are:
A:He can talk.
B:He can do nothing at all.
C:He can talk and sing.
D:He can talk and do some amusing actions.I want to tell you some things about Tom's weekend. He is my good friend. At the weekend, Tom usually gets up late. He has breakfast. Then he reads an English book and listens to the radio for about one hour. After that he starts to do his homework. At about 11:30, he often cooks   lunch for his family. In the afternoon, he usually plays volleyball with his friends. Sometimes he goes to the library in the afternoon. He loves his weekend very much.
The question is: After Tom gets up, he does   _   things before cooking lunch.
The possible answers are:
A:two
B:three
C:four
D:fiveI know what you're thinking: pizza? For breakfast? But the truth is that you can have last night's _ in the a. m. if you want to.
I know lots of women who skip   breakfast, and they have a lot of different excuses for doing it. Some say they don't have time. Others think they're "saving" calories, still others just don't like breakfast food.
But the bottom line is that eating in the morning is very important when you're trying to lose weight. "Eating just about anything from 300 to 400 calories would be better than nothing at all," says Katherine Brooking, R, D, who developed the super-easy eating plan for this year's "SELF CHALLENGE". And even pizza can be healthy if it's loaded  with vegetables, and you just eat one small piece.
Breakfast is one meal I never miss, and the same goes for most weight loss success stories. Research shows that eating breakfast keeps you from overeating   later in the day. Researchers at the University of Southern California found that breakfast skippers have a bigger chance of getting weight than those who regularly have a morning meal.
So eat something in the morning, anything. I know plenty of friends who end up having no breakfast altogether, and have just coffee or orange juice. I say, try heating up last night's leftovers -- it may sound crazy, but if it works for you, do it! I find if I tell myself, "You can always eat it tomorrow." I put away the leftovers instead of eating more that night. Try it...you may save yourself some pre-bedtime calories. And watch your body get the fat-burning effects.
The question is: What can we infer from the text?
The possible answers are:
A:Working women usually have breakfast in a hurry.
B:Many people have wrong ideas about breakfast.
C:There are some easy ways of losing weight.
D:Eating vegetables helps save energy.My grandfather is 70 years old this year. He is in good condition but he lost his hearing at the age of 65. Then it became difficult for me to communicate with him. My mother bought a hearing aid   for him, but he often forgot where he had put it. So my mother advised me to communicate with him by gesture. Good idea! And then I began to use gesture.
When I wanted to have an apple, firstly, I pointed to my mouth; later I made my hands form a round shape. Then he gave me an apple. When I was hungry, I pointed to my stomach. He would go into the kitchen and cook for me. When I wanted to use, the computer, I pointed to it. If he nodded , I could play computer games from 8 pm to 10 pm; if he disagreed, he always touched my head and pointed to the desk -- that meant that I should do my homework first. It was an easy way for us to communicate with each other!
The question is: Who bought Grandfather a hearing aid?
The possible answers are:
A:The writer.
B:Father.
C:Mother.
D:Grandfather himself.Dear Dr. Know
I am unhappy these days. I am a student in Grade 3 of a middle school. I want to be a policewoman in the future  . But my mother doesn't like the job. She always says it is too dangerous for a girl to work as a policewoman. She thinks girls should work in the office. She hopes that I can work as a doctor. But I really dislike being a doctor. It's terrible for me to work in the hospital. When I talk with her about it, she is often angry. She always thinks she is right. I don't know what to do. Can you help me?
Nancy, Chongqing
The question is: Nancy's mother wants Nancy to be   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:a dancer
B:an actor
C:a singer
D:a doctorHello! My name is Mark Brown. I am in Shanghai, China now. I am a student in a middle school. I like green and blue. I have a blue cup.
I have two friends. One is Liu Wei, a girl, and one is Fang Jun, a boy. Liu Wei's telephone number is 6523-4476. She has a black jacket and she likes it. Fang Jun has no phone. His QQ number is 80123354. He has a jacket, too. He likes yellow. He has a yellow ruler and a yellow pen.
.
The question is: Mark has    _    friends.
The possible answers are:
A:two
B:three
C:four
D:fiveIn the Caucasus region , nearly 50 out of every 100,000 people live to celebrate their 100thbirthday, and many don't stop at 100! By comparison, in America only 3 people in 100,000 reach 100. But these Caucasus people aren't alone. The Pakistani Hunzas, who live high in the Himalaya Mountains, and the Vilcabambans of the Andes Mountains in Ecuador seem to share the secret of long life too.
These peoples remain healthy in body and spirit despite the passage of time. While many older persons in industrial societies become weak and ill in their 60s and 70s, some Caucasus people aged 110-140, work in the fields beside their great-great-grandchildren. Even the idea of aging is foreign to them. When asked, "At what age does youth end?" most of these old people had no answer. Several replied, "Well, perhaps at age 80." The very youngest estimate was age 60.
What accounts for this ability to survive (live) to such old age, and to survive so well? First of all, hard physical work is a way of life for all of these long-lived peoples. They began their long days of physical labor as children and never seem to stop. For example, Mr. Rustam is 142 years of age. He remembers his life experience: the Crimean War of 1854; the Turkish War of 1878; the Bolshevik Revolution in 1917. His wife is 116 years old. They have been married for 90 years. Mr. Rustam has no plan of retiring from his life as a farmer. "Why? What else would I do?" he asks. Oh, he's slowed down a bit. Now he might quit (stop working) for the day after 6 hours in the field instead of 10.
All these people get healthful rewards from the environment in which they work. They all come from mountainous regions. They live and work at elevations of 5,000 to 12, 000 feet(1,660 to 4,000meters) above sea level. The air has less oxygen and is pollution-free. This reduced oxygen environment makes the heart and blood vessel system stronger.
Another factor that may lead to the good health of these people is their isolation. To a great extent, they are separated from the pressure and worries of industrial society.
Inherited  factors also play some role. Most of the longest-lived peoples had parents and grandparents who also reached very old age. Good family genes may, therefore, be one factor in living longer.
Finally, although these three groups don't eat exactly the same foods, their diets are similar. All of them eat little animal meat. Their diets are full of fresh fruits, vegetables, nuts, grains, cheese and milk. They never eat more food than their bodies need.
It is clear that isolation from urban pressure and pollution, clean mountain air, daily hard work, moderate diets, good genes, and a youthful approach to life all lead to the health and remarkable long life of all these people.
The question is: What is the main idea of this article?
The possible answers are:
A:Cause and effect of long-lived life.
B:People in the world enjoying a longer life.
C:Factors leading to the health and long life of people.
D:A description of several societies where people living a long life.One day I went to a store with a list. "Excuse me," I said. A lady with glasses looked up, saying, "I'm Miss Bee. Come closer and let me look at you. I want to be able to describe you to the police if something is missing from the store."
"I'm only a little girl, not a thief  !" I was surprised.
"But I think you're potential   ," she said.
"I need these," I said, holding up my list.
"So what? I am not a person who works for you. Go to get them." she said.
The store was a puzzle to me. It took me two hours to find everything on the list. "That packet of beans is only 29 cents, but you asked me for 35 cents. " I corrected her. She didn't seem unhappy, just looked at me over her glasses.
The following summer I visited Miss Bee some times a week. She always found ways to fool me. Or shortly after I remembered the places of something on the shelf, she arranged   the shelves again and made me hunt for them again. By the end of the summer the shopping trip that had once taken me an hour was done in 15 minutes.
One morning I was to get a packet of chocolate. "Miss Potential, what did you learn this summer?" she said. "That you're a meanie  !" I answered angrily. But she laughed, "Well, I believe my job is to teach every child I meet life lessons to help them. When you get older, you'll be glad our paths crossed!" Glad I met Miss Bee? Ha! It was _ .
Until one day my daughter said, " Could you finish my math problems for me?" "How will you ever learn to do it yourself if I do it for you?" I said. Suddenly, I was back at that store where I had learned the hard way to check my bill. Now I have known what Miss Bee did for me. She is my good teacher.
The question is: Why did Miss Bee arrange the shelves again and again?
The possible answers are:
A:To laugh at the writer.
B:To teach the writer some skills.
C:To think about other customers' need.
D:To avoid her things being stolen.On Saturdays, most people are busy shopping. Some of them go to the shops, and some go to the supermarkets. But in American, most shoppers enjoy shopping in the shopping malls.
A mall is a group of many shops. There you can buy clothes, furniture, and everything you need. Shopping malls provide parking for your cars. Usually, the mall is under one roof so the shoppers do not get cold or wet from rain, wind, or snow.
After shopping, you may get tired. You can walk into the sitting-room for a short rest. If you go into the dinning rooms in the malls, you can have a good meal. Now more and more Americans like to go shopping there.
The question is: In a shopping mall, you can find   _   to park your car.
The possible answers are:
A:a big house
B:a place
C:a small shop
D:a roomHow do most students spend their weekends? Do they have time to do the things they like? Let's see what some students do during their weekends.
Ben is eleven. He has a sister, Kate. Both of them like going to the cinema. Every Sunday morning, they go to the town by train and then they go to the cinema because they live in a village   and there is no cinema there.
They get to the town at noon. They usually have a big lunch in their favourite restaurant first, and then they buy some food in the supermarket before they go to their favourite cinema called Star Cinema. They like it because the seats there are _ and the films in the cinema are always the newest. They always have a good time on Sundays. But when the weather is bad or they are busy with their homework or someone visits them, they can't go to the cinema.
The question is: When they are in the town, they   _   first.
The possible answers are:
A:go to the cinema
B:buy food
C:have lunch
D:play in the streetThirty years ago, Lake Ponkapog in Hartwell, New Jersey, was full of life. Many birds and animals lived beside the water, which was full of fish. Now there are few birds, animals, and fish. The lake water is polluted. It is in a colour of dirty brown, and it is filled with strange plants.
How did this happen? First, we must think about how water gets into Lake Ponkapog. When it rains, water comes into the lake from all around. In the past, there were forests all round Lake Ponkapog, so the rainwater was clean.
Now there are many homes around the lake. People often use the chemicals  in their gardens. They use other chemicals inside their houses for cleaning and killing insects. There are also many businesses. Businesses use chemicals in their machines of shops. Other chemicals fall onto the ground from cars or trucks. When it rains, the rainwater picks up all the chemicals from home and businesses and then carries them into the lake . They pollute the water and kill the animals.
Boats on the lake are also a problem. Lake Ponkapog is a popular place for motorboats . But oil and gas from boats often get into the lake. So more bad chemicals go into the water this way.
People in Hartwell are worried . They love their lake and want to save it. Will it be possible? A clean lake must have clean rainwater going into it. Clean rainwater is possible only if people are more careful about chemicals at home and at other chemicals on the ground. And they mustn't use motorboats any more on the lake. All these may change people's lives. Only then can Lake Ponkapog be a beautiful, clean lake again.
The question is: The passage is about   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:boats on the Lake Pankapog
B:why the water is dirty in Lake Ponkapog
C:clean rainwater
D:dirty lakesMuch of the information we have today about chimpanzees comes from the research of Jane Goodall.
From an early age, Jane was interested in animals and animal stories. At the age of 10, she was talking about going to Africa to live among the animals there. At that time, in the early 1940s, _ was a radical idea because women did not go to Africa by themselves.
As a young woman, Jane finished school in London and then worked for filmmaker for a while. When a school friend invited her to visit Kenya, she worked as a waitress until she had earned the fare to travel there by boat. She was 23 years old at that time.
Once in Kenya, she met Dr. Louis Leakey, a famous paleontologist . He was impressed with her knowledge of Africa and its wildlife and hired her to help him and his wife on a fossil-hunting tour. Dr. Leakey soon realized that Jane was the perfect person to complete a study he had been planning for some time. she expressed her interest in the idea of studying animals by living in the wild with them, rather than studying dead animals like fossils .
The question is: When Jane was very young, she  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:studied chimpanzees
B:was interested in animals
C:told stories about chimpanzees
D:both B and C17-year-old Tibetan  boy climbs 40 meters up a tall tree only to get some honey as an ingredient for a traditional local drink. The money he makes from selling the honey will be used to pay for his younger brother's tuition fee .
This is only a scene from the first episode  of CCTV's new documentary, A Bite of China 2(2), which appeared on April 18, 2014. But they are enough reasons for viewers to spend an hour every Friday until June 6 enjoying in front of their television sets. Viewers  have had to wait a long time since A Bite of China 1 came out in 2012.
Back then, the seven-episode documentary was considered the best one ever produced by CCTV, with its good effects and rich food culture. A famous foreigner praised it, saying "it's the best TV show I've ever seen about food. I'm sure it's the best one ever made. "
The new season includes eight episodes, covering 300 types of food. According to CCTV, every minute of the show was edited  out of 150 minutes of footage . Finding their subjects was often the hardest part of the film team's job. It took them six months to film a beekeeping couple , which included a journey of more than 2,000 kilometers.
Food is a personal thing, in that no dish suits all tastes. However, the program has still managed to move all sorts of viewers. "Compared with A Bite of China 1, the new season has a more human touch, which makes viewers cover some tears while their mouths are watering," said Sina  Entertainment.
As always, the people are the most interesting part. A Bite of China 2 shows a greater dream--through homemade food, it tells the joys and _ of common Chinese in changing times, according to director Chen Xiaoqing of the documentary series .
"I was moved by the people in each simple story," said Li Weifang, 17, of Beijing No 3 High School. "Their work helps enrich  China's food culture. "
In fact, that is exactly what the new season hopes to deliver . Through the program, "the listeners will see the characteristics of the Chinese people: save and tenacity ," Chen told Xinhua Internet.
,,. (2,10)
The question is: When did A Bite of China 2 appear on CCTV?
The possible answers are:
A:From 2012.
B:From April 18, 2014.
C:Until June 8, 2014.
D:Every Friday through the coming year.Halloween is a festival on October 31. The name of the holiday means "hallowed" because it happens the day before All Saints Day.
Before the festival, people paint homes, shops and classrooms in the traditional Halloween colours, orange and black. Some people make costumes and masks at home. Some people buy them in shops. People also make decorations  for the festival. These decorations look like witches, black cats, ghosts, skeletons and jack-o-lanterns. Jack-o-lanterns are pumpkins that are cut to look like faces.
People think that Halloween is the children's New Year's Eve. They dress up in special costumes and masks. They eat too much, and go to bed too late celebrating. They go from one door to another saying "trick or treat". People give them candies, cookies, fruit or money.
Adults and older children also celebrate Halloween with parades , festivals and costumes parties. One kind of the parties welcomed by children is dunking for apples. Apples are put in tubs  full of water. People try to get the apples using only their months; they cannot use their hands.
The question is: What are the traditional Halloween colours?
The possible answers are:
A:Red and green.
B:Orange and black.
C:Black and white
D:Orange and brown.A group of swans   flew down to a beach where a crow   was jumping around . The crow watched them with disdain  .
"You have no flying skills at all ! " he said to the swans. " All you can do is to move your wings. Can you turn over in the air ? No , that's beyond you. Let's have a flying compitition. I'll show you what real flying is ! "
One of the swans , a strong young male , took up the challenge. The crow flew up and began to show his skills. He flew in circles, performed other flying tricks, and then came down and looked proudly at the swan.
Now it was the swan's turn. He flew up , and began flying over the sea. The crow flew after him , making all kinds of comments   about his flying. They flew on and on till they couldn't see the land and there was nothing but water on all sides. The crow was making fewer and fewer comments. He was so _ that he found it hard to stay in the air, and had to struggle to keep himself from falling into the water.
The swan pretended ( ) not to notice , and said, " Why do you keep touching the water , brother ? Is that another trick ?"
" No ," said the crow. He knew he had lost the competition. " I'm in trouble because of my pride ! If you don't help me , I'll lose my life... "
The swan took pity on him , and took him on his shoulders   and flew back to the beach.
,.
The question is: Which of the following is right according to the text ?
The possible answers are:
A:A group of crows met a swan on a beach.
B:The crow could fly as well as the swan.
C:The swan wasn't afraid of the challenge.
D:The swan flew away and the crow died.Here are two stories from different parts of the world. They seem strange but, believe it or not, they re all true!
John Lee was an Englishman who refused to be hanged! In 1884 the police said Lee had killed an old woman who he used to work with. There was nothing to show that Lee had killed the woman. Lee told the police he hadn't done it, but no one believed him and he was going to be hanged. On the day of the hanging, however, the door in the floor, through which Lee's body would fall, did not open. They tried three times but each time the door stayed closed, even though it had worked well the day before. In the end they sent Lee back to prison, where he lived for the next twenty-two years. At all times, John Lee said he hadn't killed the woman, and he believed it was the "hand of God" that had saved him from death by hanging.
The police in Venezuela  in South America followed a man home one night. He was the thief they wanted to catch. However, half of his house was standing in Venezuela and the other half was standing in Colombia  . Venezuela's neighbor. When the police entered the house, the man ran upstairs to his bedroom, which was in Colombia, and called his lawyer  . The Venezuelan police were not allowed to enter Colombia so they could not enter the bedroom. They asked the police in Colombia to help. The Colombian police refused to help because the man's crime  was not a crime in Colombia. In the end, the Venezuelan police gave up and went back to the police station.
The question is: Why didn't the Venezuelan police go into the man's bedroom?
The possible answers are:
A:They didn't know where it was.
B:The Venezuelan police were not allowed to enter Colombia.
C:The police in Colombia told them that (hey would help.
D:The police in Colombia told them not to go inside.The English language is different from any other language. Yet English words do not stay the same. The language is always changing. We need new words for new inventions and new ideas. Different words come into use, or older words are used in a new way.
English can change by borrowing words from other languages. Tomato was borrowed from Mexico and pajamas from Indian. The word coffee came from Turkey, and tea came from China. Now new space and science words are being borrowed from other countries, too.
New words are also made by adding two words together. Strawberry, popcorn, and grandfather are words made up of two parts.
Sometimes new words are shorter forms of older words. The word photo was made from photograph by cutting off the end of the longer word. Plane was made by cutting off the front part of airplane. Smog was made by using only the first two and last two letters from the words smoke and fog.
The names of people and products can become new words. Our sandwich was named after a man named Sandwich. Scotch Tape, Band-aid and Jello were names made up by the companies that first made the products.
,.
The question is: Which of the following is true?
The possible answers are:
A:New words in the English language come into being in different ways.
B:New English words must be longer than older ones.
C:None of the languages in the world are changing.
D:All the languages except English always stay the same,Have you thought of such questions as "Why do I have to study math?" or "I am not interested in history at all. My dream is to be an engineer.Should I give history up?"
Maybe you are right. After you leave school, it's necessary for you to understand such things. Please remember that at school, besides getting knowledge, you should pay attention to some other important things.
First, try to find what you are most interested in. At school, you study many subjects. Try to find which you like and which you don't like. This may be helpful to you in the future. Second, maybe you don't like math and you want to drop it. But the logical thinking ability from math can help you solve some problems. At school, you should practice your brain by thinking. Third, you should believe in yourself. Maybe you learn English at school, but you don't need to speak English in your daily life at all. You should think learning English can prove that you have the ability of learning languages. Suppose you go to France one day and find a job there. Then you can tell yourself, "I can do my job well. At school I learned English well, and now I must be able to learn French well, too." But if you have no confidence, what will happen?
Try to challenge yourself as often as possible. I think many of us like playing computer games. When we fail in a game, we always want to try it again. Why? Because we want to get the highest marks, though it is hard for us to get it. If we want to challenge ourselves, we must face more difficult things and make greatest progress.
The question is: Which of the following statements is TRUE according to the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:You'll use everything you learn at school in the future
B:It's not necessary to know what you like at school.
C:Everything you learn at school has some influence on you
D:Logical thinking ability is the most important abilityMr Smith likes to be exact . One day when he is walking in the street ,a woman comes and asks him, "Excuse me, where's the nearest bookshop?"
"The nearest bookshop? You have to cross a bridge and then turn to the right. When you see a post office, turn left. You can see a shop between a bank and a school on your right."
"Is it far?"
"No, it is not far. You can go there on foot."
"Is the bridge long?"
"Yes, it's about thirty metres."
The woman thanks him and goes towards(, ) the bridge. Suddenly she hears someone running after her."Stop!" Mr Smith shouts."I'm sorry. I just remember the bridge is forty metres long. If you go thirty metres and then turn to the right as I told you, you will fall into  the river."
The question is: What do you think of Mr Smith?
The possible answers are:
A:He is rude .
B:He is lazy.
C:He is too exact.
D:He is hard-working .One day, I heard an American boy say to a Chinese student of English, "You speak very good English." But the student answered, "NO, no. My English is very poor." The foreigner was quite surprised at the answer. Thinking he had not made himself understood or the Chinese student had not heard him clearly, he said, "Yes, indeed, you speak very well." But the Chinese student sill kept saying "No." In the end the American boy could not understand and didn't know what to say.
What's wrong with the student's answer? He didn't accept a compliment in the same way as the American people do. He should answer "thank you" instead of "no". He really understood what the American boy had said, but he thought he should be modest .In the west, people will feel proud and confident when they are praised. So if someone says the dishes you have cooked are very delicious, you should say "Thank you". If someone says to a woman "You look so beautiful with the new clothes on." She must be very happy and answer "Thank you".
In our country we think being modest is a virtue and being proud is a bad thing, but in my opinion, being confident does not mean being proud, so  sometimes you should be confident instead of being modest.
If you are modest and say, "No, I'm afraid I can't do it well" while working in a western country, the others may think that you really cannot do it. If you often say "No", you will certainly be looked down upon by others. If asking for a job, one says something like "Yes, I can certainly do it" instead of "Let me have a try", he or she will expect to get it. So in the west, you should be brave to show your self-confidence!
The question is: As the student kept saying "No", the American boy   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:became disappointed
B:didn't know what to say
C:lost his interest
D:got angryIn classes, your teachers will talk about topics that you are studying. The information they provide will be important for you to know when you take tests. You must be able to take good written notes from what your teachers say.
Taking good notes has three stages. There are certain things you should do before class, during class, and after class. Here are the three stages of note-taking and what you should do during each class.
1. Get Ready to Take Notes
Review your notes from the previous  class before you come to class. This will help you remember what was covered and get you ready to understand the new information your teacher will provide.
Complete all assigned  readings before you come to class. Your teacher will expect that  you have done this and will use and build upon this information.
Bring all note-taking materials with you to class - several pens and pencils as well as your notebook.
2. Take Notes
Keep your attention on what your teacher is saying. Paying attention to "signal statements". Examples of signal statements are "The most important point ..." and "Remember that ..," Be sure to include in your notes information that your teacher repeats or written on the blackboard.
Write quickly so that you can include all the important information in your notes. Do this by writing abbreviated   words such as med for medicine, using symbols such as % for percent, and writing short sentences. Place a "?" next to information about whose meaning you are not sure.
The question is: What will most probably be talked about next?
The possible answers are:
A:How to prepare for exams.
B:An easy way to take notes.
C:Note-taking after class.
D:The importance of taking notes."Ordinary" was the worst word my mother could find for anything. Whenever she took me out for shopping, I found she wouldn't take any notice of the shop assistants when they suggested that some dresses were popular. She would say, "We're not interested in that. Haven't you got anything a little unusual?" And then the assistants would bring out all the strange colours no one else would buy. And later she and I would argue because I wanted to be ordinary but my mother wanted to be unusual.
"I can't stand that hairdo  ," she said to me when I was in a boy hairstyle, " _ 's so terribly ordinary... Not ugly, not unsuitable. But ordinary ..."
"Couldn't you please wear something else?" I asked one day when she was dressing for Parents' Day in tight   trousers and a bright pink sweater.
"What't wrong with it!"
"It's just that I wish you'd wear something ordinary." I said, "People won't laugh at."
She looked at me angrily, "Are you ashamed of your mother? If you are, Mary, I feel sorry for you."
The question is: When Mary had her hair cut in a boy hairstyle, her mother   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:felt happy with it
B:surely disliked it
C:told her to change it
D:thought it was unusualA small boy lived with his mother and grandmother in a big house. His father had died.
A bucket of water fell on the small boy's left foot, and it began hurting a hot. His mother said, "I'm going to put something very hot on your foot tonight. That's always very good. Tomorrow your foot won't hurt any longer."
In the evening, the small boy's mother came to his bedroom. She had a hot poultice in a bowl. The small boy looked at it and said, "I don't want that. I had one a month ago. Poultices hurt."
His mother sat down on his bed and said, "You're going to have this poultice on." She pulled his sheets and blankets away, and put the poultice near his foot, but the boy pulled it away quickly, and poultice fell on the bed.
His mother was angry. She went down stairs and came back with his grandmother and a stick. She said to her son, "Your grandmother's going to put the poultice on your foot, and I'm going to hold this stick. Now don't be a stupid boy."
She held the stick over the boy, and the grandmother took his foot and put the poultice near it. The boy said. "Stop, you..." but his mother brought the stick nearer, and he did not say anything else.
The grandmother brought the poultice near the foot again, and the boy stopped her again, but his mother was angry now and said, "I'm going to hit you." The boy did not finish his words, and his grandmother put the poultice on his foot. He let it there for a few minutes and then took it off again.
The boy's mother and grandmother put the sheets and blankets over him again and he said, "My left foot hurts, but you put the poultice on my right foot. I stopped you twice, but you didn't listen to me."
The question is: The small boy   _   his mother.
The possible answers are:
A:agreed with
B:didn't stop
C:thanked
D:didn't agree with"Good Time" is a program  on ABC Radio. Jim Green is an announcer  for the program. Most of the girls and boys like the program. They also like Jim Green. Some of them often make phone calls to him and thank him for his work. There are lots of letters to him every day, too.
Jim Green gets up at 6:00 every morning. He has bread and a glass of milk for breakfast. He leaves home at 6:30 and gets to his office at 7:15.
The program begins at 7:30. He plays the new records   of the pop songs and modern music for his listeners. At 8:00,  it's time for the news.
Jim finishes work at 10:30. He goes home in his car. He reads newspapers and listens to music after supper in the evening.
He thinks Announcers' job is very interesting and helpful.
The question is: What do some of the young people do every day?
The possible answers are:
A:Call Jim
B:Write to Jim
C:Chat on line
D:Both A and BApril Fool's Day is on April 1st. On this day, strange things may happen. Our friends will play jokes on us and try to fool us.
People don't know the origin   of April Fool's Day clearly. Some say April Fool's Day began many years ago in France. Long ago in France, the old New Year's festival was celebrated from March 25th to April 1st and ended with exchange  of presents. Later the King changed the New Year to January 1st. some people still celebrated the New year in April. They were called April Fish and were given presents as a joke.
But in many countries, April Fool's Day is not celebrated on April 1st but on other days. In Mexico( ), April Fool's Day is on the 28th of December. In ancient Rome  , the day was on the 25th of March. In India, the day is on the 31st of March. In America, the day is mostly decided by young people and jokes who want to make fun of other people. But it is important to remember that your friends and you will be both happy. One must remember the difference between a good joke and a bad one.
The question is: What do people do on April Fool's Day?
The possible answers are:
A:Give presents to friends.
B:Play jokes on friends.
C:exchange presents.
D:Do nothing special.Cycling isn't always easy. Busy streets and few bike lanes and parking areas can make it a battle. But not even these difficulties can stop Europeans' love for cycling. According to Reuters, more bicycles have been sold than cars in 26 of the European Union's 28 states this year.
In some European countries, people really love bicycles. "People ride to work and take their bikes to the grocery store", Bill Strickland, editor of Bicycling magazine, told the reporter from Reuters.
So what has led to cycling's growing popularity in Europe? Cycling is "a safe, clean, healthy, inexpensive way to get around town," the Daily Star concluded. "It not only reduces traffic problems and pollution, but also contributes to public health."
Bike-friendly rules have also been made. Dozens of cities have joined a European Union initiative to make bicycles a form of city transport, like cars. Quite a few cities such as Stockholm, London, Florence and Munich now offer special bike lanes. Copenhagen takes it a step further by keeping bicycles and cars separated as much as possible. On these _ , traffic lights are designed to the rhythms of bicycles, not cars. For people living far from city centers, getting to work by bicycle alone may take too much time. That's why many European countries now allow cyclists to bring their bicycles onto subway trains. Europeans are also creative in solving parking problems. Amsterdam has come up with a high-tech solution: you lock your bike to a rack , which then goes underground. When you want your bike back, it is brought back to the surface.
The question is: Which of the following can be the best title for the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:European people love bicycles.
B:More bicycles are sold in Europe.
C:Bicycles need their own ways.
D:New rules are made for cyclists.One morning, Mr. Smith came into the garden at the back of his house. He saw so much snow in the garden. Mr. Smith wanted to take his car out, so he asked a man to clean the road from his garage   to the gate. He said to the man, "Don't throw any snow on the side. It will damage  the flowers in my garden, and don't throw any on the other side, because it will damage the wall. And don't throw any into the street, because the policeman will come." Then he went out.
When he came back, the road was clean. There was no snow on the flowers, or the wall or the street. But when he opened the garage to get his car out, he saw: the garage was full of snow, the snow from the road, and his car was under the snow.
The question is: Where was Mr. Smith's car?
The possible answers are:
A:Under the snow.
B:In the street.
C:In the garden.
D:In the back of the garage.People use their mouths for many things. They eat, talk, shout and sing. They smile and they kiss. In the English language, the word "mouth" has many meanings. But some of them are not so nice.
For example, if you say bad things about a person, the person might protest  and say "Do not bad mouth me."
Sometimes, people say something to a friend or family member that they later regret because it hurts that person's feelings. Or they tell the person something they were not supposed to tell. The speaker might say, "I really put my foot in my mouth this time." In other words, he might feel sad for saying the wrong thing.
Sometimes when one person is speaking, he says the same thing that his friend was going to say. When this happens, the friend might say, "You took the words right out of my mouth!"
Some people have lots of money because they were born in a very rich family. There is an expression for this, too. You might say such a person "was born with a silver spoon in his mouth."
This rich person is the opposite of a person who lives "from hand to mouth." This person is very poor and only has enough money for the most important things in life, like food.
,.
The question is: "I really put my foot in my mouth this time" means   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:I really did this
B:I regretted I had done the thing
C:I want to do this thing
D:I have never done this thingDid you hear of the supercomputer? Recently, China's Tianhe-1   was ranked as the world's fastest supercomputer, according to a new list of world's TOP 500 supercomputers.
It took 200 Chinese scientists two years to build the fastest supercomputer. It can do 2,507 trillion   calculations in a second! That means it will take a personal computer 600 years to finish the work that a supercomputer does in a day!
The US now leads the world in the area of supercomputers. It is home to more than half of the world's top 500 supercomputers. Japan also has advanced technology. China is developing its supercomputer technology quickly. But experts say it will take years before China's total computing power can catch up with that of the US.
Supercomputers can work on many different things. They can solve problems in areas like national defense  , energy and science. In business, you can also use supercomputers. Oil companies use them to find oil and gas. Banks use them for quick trades. Food companies even use supercomputers to make sure that they put potato chips into cans without breaking them.
To make a supercomputer, scientists first need to link   thousands of small computers together. Then they use software to turn them into one supercomputer. In fact, any person with enough knowledge about computers can make a supercomputer. But you need the top technology to make a supercomputer run fast.
The question is: The world's fastest supercomputer  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:was made in America
B:was made within two months
C:can do 2,507 trillion calculations in a minute
D:was made by 200 Chinese scientistsPeng Jiangya, a 24-year-old girl, was born in Guizhou Province. She lives in a village of the Yinjiang Tujia and Miao Autonomous County at the foot of the Fanjing Mountains on the Yunnan-Guizhou Plateau . Twenty-two years ago, One day her parents were out, she fell into a fire stove at home, and the fire burned her fingers badly. The family was too poor at the time to afford the expensive medical treatment ,at last she lost all her fingers.
"When I was a child, I was unable to hold chopsticks. My parents taught me for a long time. It was really difficult, but I tried it over and over again ,and at the age of seven, I overcame it. From then on I knew that one had to put great efforts into what she was doing," said PengJiangya.
As a child , PengJiangya often saw others make cross-stitch   and then she decided to learn how to make it herself. " Of course, it took me many years to do that, when I was 18, I got it." Said Peng. Now she can make as good cross-stitch works as her companions ,but she is faster than other people.
Her hometown of Yinjiang Tujia at the foot of the Fanjing Mountains on the Yunnan-Guizhou Plateauhas become a tourist attraction. As for her future, Peng Jiangya said: "I will gather a few other people to embroider  the beautiful landscape of our hometown as a souvenir and lasting memory for tourists. At the same time, we can make more money."
The question is: Now PengJiangya can make  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:better cross-stitch works and faster than her companions
B:the best cross-stitch works in her hometown
C:good cross-stitch works and faster than others
D:the most beautiful cross-stitch works in his hometownIn kindergarten  your idea of a good friend was the person who let you have the red crayon when all that was left was the ugly black one.
In first grade your idea of a good friend was the person who went to the bathroom with you and held your hand as you walked through the scary halls.
In second grade your idea of a good friend was the person who helped you stand up to the class bully .
In third grade your idea of a good friend was the person who shared their lunch with you when you forgot yours on the bus.
In fourth grade your idea of a good friend was the person who was willing to _ square dancing partners in gym so you wouldn't have to be stuck with Nasty Nicky or Smelly Susan.
In fifth grade your idea of a friend was the person who saved a seat on the back of the bus for you.
In sixth grade your idea of a friend was the person who went up to Nicky or Susan , your new crush  and asked them to dance with you, so that if they said no you wouldn't have to be embarrassed.
In seventh grade your idea of a friend was the person who let you copy the social studies homework from the night before that you had forgotten to do.
In eighth grade your idea of a good friend was the person who helped you pack up your stuffed animals and old baseball, but didn't laugh at you when you finished and broke out into tears.
In ninth grade your idea of a good friend was the person who would go to a party held by a senior so you wouldn't end up being the only freshman  there.
The question is: If you are in Grade Five, your good friend might be a person who   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:went to a party held by a senior
B:let you copy the social studies
C:saved a seat on the back of the bus for you.
D:went to the bathroom with youMany Americans go to work five days a week. American students go to school five days a week, too, so they usually  have a two-day weekend. The weekend is Saturday and Sunday. At the weekend people spend their time in many different ways. Sometimes they go shopping. Sometimes they go for a drive. Sometimes they visit friends. Many families enjoy weekends together.
Many American families do some sports at the weekend. For example  , in summer, they enjoy swimming and biking. In autumn, they prefer   playing volleyball and tennis. In winter, they go skating and skiing . In spring, they like sightseeing and hiking . How happy they are! Do you have an enjoyable weekend?
The question is: What sports do many Americans do in summer?
The possible answers are:
A:Swimming and biking.
B:Playing volleyball and tennis.
C:Skating and skiing.
D:Sightseeing and hiking.In the tenth grade, I began volunteering at a vet hospital in order to get experience for what I thought would be my future job. As it turned out, the experience I got at the hospital taught me the opposite: my future was not in vet medicine. However, there is one particular Saturday morning that taught me something maybe more important.
The hospital was in the middle of one of the poorer sections of the city and we often had people come in who could just only pay for the most basic treatments. This Saturday a man and his young son, who was probably about 7 years old, walked in with a small cat in a cardboard box. I remember the cat had an eye infection   but the man could not afford to pay for the cost of the medicine in addition to the exam. When he asked where the nearest the animal shelter  was, his son cried and started to argue with his father. _ an older woman who was sitting in the waiting room stood up, walked up to the counter, and told the man that she would pay for anything that he could not afford. The man thanked her and the son got to keep a healthy cat.
I had always thought it was the right thing to help out a needy person, but it was only seen on TV or in movies. The woman in the vet's office taught me that these things do happen in real life, and should happen more often. When I am hesitant   to help someone who is in need, I remember that woman, and have the courage to do it. Sometimes other people follow.
The question is: _   made the writer have the courage to help someone in need.
The possible answers are:
A:The officer
B:The boy
C:The woman
D:The fatherBob always took the newspaper to Grandpa White's home before going home. Grandpa White's was at the end of the road. Bob liked Grandpa White. He was often waiting for him near the front gate with sweets or a nice cake. Besides, He often asked Bob about things he was doing, what he was going to do for the summer and what he liked to do.
The thing that Bob didn't like about Grandpa was his never-ending stories about his boyhood in California. Bob was never asked to hear about Grandpa's boyhood, but he couldn't get away.
After Grandpa's wife died in October, Bob could see that Grandpa was lonelier than ever. He would often join Bob halfway along the road and walk along with him as he gave out the newspapers. Grandpa seemed to have all day, and Bob was often late giving newspapers to his customers . Bob didn't want to complain, but the customers were unhappy.
The question is: Bob could do nothing when   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:the customers got their newspapers late
B:Grandpa began to tell him about his boyhood
C:he saw grandpa feeling lonely
D:Grandpa asked him about the things he was doingOur new foreign students are going to arrive very soon, and here are some ways to communicate with them politely.
How close do you stand when you talk to a friend? You can stand close to people in the Middle East but don't stand too close to North Americans! Give them more personal space.
Do you know How to _ people correctly? Chinese girls often walk arm in arm with their friends. South Americans sometimes hold your arm when they talk to you, so you can't move away! But in Britain many people don't like other people to touch them at all.
Do you look at people when you talk? In some places, it isn't polite to look at people when you talk, but in other countries it isn't polite to look somewhere else. In Britain and the US, people usually look at each other when they talk.
And how do you say goodbye? That's easy, wave  to say goodbye. But be careful! In Greece, it's not at all polite! In fact, it's very rude!
The question is: From the passage, we should give  _  more personal space.
The possible answers are:
A:people in the Middle East
B:people in North America
C:people in the South America
D:people in North ChinaHelen's eyes are not very good, so she wears glasses. But she doesn't wear glasses when she is with her friend, Jim. When Jim comes to her house to take her out, she will take her glasses off, and when she gets back, she puts on the glasses.
One day her mother asks her, "Helen, why don't you wear glasses when you are with Jim? He takes you to many lovely places in his car, but you can't see anything. " Helen says, "I look more lovely to Jim when I'm not wearing my glasses and he looks better to me, too. "
The question is: Jim comes to take Helen  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:to school
B:to work
C:to see lovely places
D:to his homeWe use passwords to keep our personal information secret and safe, but some passwords we use may not be as reliable as we think.
Splash Data, a computer security company, recently released a list of the 25 worst passwords of 2011.This list is based on the research of _ files containing stolen passwords. According to the list, "password" is the worst and most common password. Many others on the list are numbers in order either forward (for example,1234) or backward. Letters on the keyboard in order, such as "qwerty" are also common, as well as some first names and animals. "Hackers can easily break into many accounts  just by trying common passwords again and again, " said Morgan Slain, CEO of Splash Data.
How can you make a strong password? It should be eight characters or more, with a mix of letters, numbers and symbols. One way to create a long and easy-to-remember password is to separate short words with spaces or numbers. Having safe passwords is necessary for surfing the Internet safely. But it's not the only thing you must do to keep safety online. Here are some other web safety tips:
*Never give out information that will allow someone to find you offline. That includes your full name, address and phone number.
*Don't include your real name as part of your online screen name.
*Never meet people you met on the Internet in person. If you insist on breaking this rule, meet in a very public place and consider taking an adult with you.
Top 10 worst passwords: 1.password   2. 123456    3. 12345678   4. qwerty    5. abc123
6. monkey   7. 1234567    8. letmein     9.trustno1  10. dragon
The question is: You can't put your   _   on the Internet.
The possible answers are:
A:address
B:phone number
C:name
D:A,B and CThe early history of the city of Rome involves Romulus and Remus,two orphan boys who,legend says,were raised by a she-wolf.The boys' mother had been murdered by an evil king and the two babies tossed into the river Tiber.When the wolf found them they had washed up on the shore.She perhaps took pity on the crying of the babies and,gently picking them up in her teeth,she carried them back to her cave and fed them on her milk.The boys grew bigger and stronger and,eventually,were found by a herdsman who took them home.He and his wife raised the boys like their own children.When they reached manhood they sought revenge on the king who had killed their mother and driven them from their home.
They decided to build a city.Unfortunately,they argued over the appropriate site and Romulus killed his brother Remus.Romulus ruled this city -- called Roma -- for thirty-seven years.
The city of Rome is one of the most popular tourist attractions in the world.If you travel there you can see a statue of the two baby boys feeding from their mother - the wolf.
The question is: What is a herdsman?
The possible answers are:
A:someone who builds cities
B:someone who cares for children
C:someone who cares for domestic animals
D:someone who can hear very wellEvery time you go online you leave a digital   footprint. This is just like a real footprint. It tells where you have been, how long you stayed on line and what you have been doing there. It's easy to get the information and show your digital footprint every time when you send an email, messages and photos. You shouldn't worry about it too much but it is better to be careful about your digital footprint when you are online. There are five tips for taking care of your digital footprint.
Don't forget to close the pages with your information when you leave a website, especially if you are using a shared computer.
Don't tell anyone your password and don't write them down in a place that everybody can see. Make them more difficult by using both letters and numbers.
Remember your favourite websites by looking over the history and the bookmark on your computer or your mobile phone. This is a way that your digital footprint can work in your favour, remember to clear your history from time to time.
If you want to post some words on line, you don't have to use your own name. You can use a nickname instead. You can also use a picture instead of a real photo.
Protect your personal information online. Be careful about who you share your own information with and always think twice before sharing email, home address, school or phone number with someone.
All kinds of people are interested in your digital footprint. It's now quite common for people to look over some personal information online before they offer someone a job. There are cases of people having missed out on jobs and places because their digital footprint didn't make them look good. So remember: keep safe, don't put too much personal information online and always think carefully before you post something. Ask yourself, 'would I be happy for everyone to see this?'
The question is: According to the passage, why are people interested in digital footprints?
The possible answers are:
A:Because it gives you more information.
B:Because it's a good way to find a job.
C:Because it makes people look good.
D:Because people miss each other.If you have a brother or sister, you already know you are different from each other. You live together in the same house and the same parents, but you have different personalities .
Why is this? One possible reason is the way your parent treat you.
First -born children receive all the attention from their parents. Most families have twice as many photos of a first-born than any other child. Parents usually give first-born more responsibility and depend on them to take care of younger brothers and sisters. As a result, first -born are often responsible, hard-working, and jealous . They often want to do well at school and work. There are more first-born American Presidents, for example, George Bush, George Washington, and Lyndon Baines Johnson than second or last-born children.
When a second child arrives, parents are more relaxed. The second child has to compete  with the first-born for the parents' attention and love. Their children often choose different sports and hobbies to do well at school and work, but have to be creative to get their family's attention. They are often friendly and cool. Many famous talk-show hosts were born last.
The question is: _  is usually the happiest in the family according to the passage.
The possible answers are:
A:The eldest child
B:The second child
C:The youngest child
D:The fatherMount Kilimanjaro is the highest mountain in Africa and one of the largest free-standing mountains in the world, and some say, the most beautiful place on the earth!
The mountain towers 15,000 feet above the plains. Mount Kilimanjaro is in Tanzania and it covers an area of 60 miles long and 40 miles wide. Kilimanjaro is an extinct volcano , with 3 peaks. Kibo is the highest one in the center.
Because of Kilimanjaro's great height, the mountain influences its own weather. Winds incoming from the Indian Ocean are stopped upward by the mountain and drop their moisture  as rain and snow. People have planted coffee, corn, and other crops on the lower slopes .
Mount Kilimanjaro now attracts many thousands of walkers each year. Because of a temperature rise in recent years, the beautiful snow cap of Kilimanjaro is retreating fast. A research said that the white snow on the mountain might be gone in 15 years. What a pity!
The question is: _   influences the mountain's own weather.
The possible answers are:
A:Rain and snow
B:Its great height
C:Crops
D:The moistureKangkang's father is a doctor. When SARS, a kind of serious disease, spread in Beijing, he took an active part in the battle against it. He left his wife and his son to work in the Xiaotangshan Hospital. He cared for the patients day and night. He couldn't go home and he could only talk with family on the telephone. "Do you miss your family?" asked a reporter. "Yes, of course. It's my duty to save the patients," Doctor Lee answered.
The question is: What is Kangkang's father?
The possible answers are:
A:A leader
B:A teacher
C:A doctor
D:A nurseFriendship is the most important thing in the world. But now do you find a real friendship and keep it?
An American writer tells young students some smart ways to find friends. He says finding friendship is just like planting a tree. You plant the seed  and take care of it to make it grow.
First, to make friends, you must be kind and friendly to others. You should learn to smile at others and try to make a stranger feel at home. _ .
Second, friends should negotiate  instead of quarrel . When you don't agree with someone, please discuss with him or her. But even the best friends can quarrel. After the quarrel, you have to talk to him or her. If he or she doesn't want to talk, you could write a letter. Tell him or her how you are feeling, and explain why you did this or that.
Finally, never believe in those who leave you when you are in trouble. And never leave your friend when he or she is in trouble. Remember, a friend in need is a friend indeed.
The question is: Which is the best title for the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:Afriend in need is a friend indeed.
B:How to treat friendship problems?
C:How to find a real friend?
D:Don't make friends with bad persons.June is from England. Her family are in Beijing now. She is fourteen years old. The date of her birth is September seventh. Her father, Mr Smith, is an English teacher. And her mother, Mrs Smith, is an English teacher, too. They all like Chinese movies. Mr Smith likes action movies. He thinks they are really exciting. His favorite actor is Jet Li. Mrs Smith likes Beijing Opera. She thinks she can learn much about Chinese history by seeing them. And June herself likes comedies. Her favorite actor is Zhao Benshan. She thinks he is very funny. She also thinks Zhao Benshan's movies are better  than Rowan Atkinson's. Mr Smith and Mrs Smith like Beijing Roast Duck . They often go to Quanjude to have it.
The question is: June is   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:twelve
B:thirteen
C:fourteen
D:fifteenOne day a poor farmer was taking a bag of wheat to town. Suddenly the bag fell off his horse onto the road. He did not know what he could do about it because it was too heavy for him to lift by himself. He only hoped that someone would soon pass by and lend him a hand.
Just at his moment, a man riding a horse came up to him. But the farmer felt disappointed when he saw who he was. It was the great man who lived nearby. He thought the great man wouldn't help him, and hoped another farmer would come up. But to his surprise, the great man got off his horse as soon as he came near, "I see you need help," he said, "I'm here just at the right time. " Then he took one end of the bag and the farmer took the other, They lifed it together and put it on the horse.
"Sir," asked the farmer, "how can I pay you?"
"It's quite easy," the great man answered, "when you see anyone else in trouble, do the same for him. "
The question is: What did the poor farmer take to town?
The possible answers are:
A:A bag of coins
B:A bag of wheat
C:A bag of rice
D:A bag of applesNat lived in a small town in England. He always stayed in England for his vacation, but last year he thought, "I'm never outside this country. All my friends go to Spain , and they like it very much. So this year I'm going there, too."
First he went to Madrid   and stayed in a small hotel for a few days. On the first morning he went out for a walk. In England people drive on the left, but in Spain they drive on the right. Nat forgot about this and when he was crossing a busy street, a bike knocked   him down.
Nat lay   on the ground for a few seconds and then he sat up and said,
"Where am I ?"
An old man was selling maps at the side of the street, and he at once came
to Nat and said, "Map of the city, sir ?"
The question is: One year, Nat went to    _    .
The possible answers are:
A:England
B:London
C:Spain
D:AmericaHarry likes driving his car very fast, and one day he hit  another car. He jumped out and ran to it. There was an old man in the car. He was very angry and said to Harry." What were you doing? You nearly killed me!"
"Yes," Harry answered," I am very sorry." He took a bottle  out of his car and said, "Drink some of this. Then you will feel better." He gave the old man some whisky  and the man drank it, but then he shouted again, "You nearly killed me!" Harry gave him the bottle again. "I feel much better now. But why aren't you drinking?"
"Oh, well," said Harry, " I don't want any whisky now. I am going to sit here to wait for the police."
The question is: Harry  _  drove his car very fast.
The possible answers are:
A:always
B:sometimes
C:never
D:hardlyOne day a great general  asks his soldiers, "What is the strongest power  in the world? " Four of his soldiers put up their hands. They want to answer the question. The general asks the first man to speak. The man is younger than the other three, and he's not strong. He says, "My gun  is the strongest. It can kill anyone."  "Thank you. Next, please." The second man is very strong. He says, "I don't think so. Soldiers use guns. So the soldier is the strongest." The third man says, "Soldiers use guns, but our general gives orders. So I think our general is the strongest." The fourth man is the oldest. He says, "Love is the strongest. For love, people don't use guns." The general says nothing. He takes out a medal and gives it to him.
The question is: The youngest man thinks   _   is the strongest power in the world.
The possible answers are:
A:the general
B:a soldier
C:a gun
D:loveMany hospitals have blood banks. In these banks, blood of all types is stored. When blood is needed, it is taken from the bank. Healthy people then give blood to the bank to replace   the blood that is used. Blood can be kept in the fridge for about three weeks with a kind of chemical.
When people lose much of their blood because of operations or accidents, they may need transfusions . Some people may need transfusions because of illness. Sometimes only a part of the blood is used for transfusions. Plasma , the liquid part of the blood , may be given alone. Transfusions of plasma are often given when people have been badly burned.
When a person gets a transfusion, he gets blood of the same type as his. Or there may be a bad reaction . To make it safer, before a transfusion is given, the blood to be used must be tested with the blood of the person who is to receive it. This testing is called cross matching of the blood.
Oswald Robertson, an American doctor, was the first one to give transfusions. He used blood that had been stored for some time to help wounded soldiers in 1918 in World War One.
The question is: Blood banks usually have   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:only one type of blood
B:one or two types of blood
C:two or three types of blood
D:all types of bloodA friend of mine named Paul received an expensive car from his brother as a Christmas present. On Christmas Eve when Paul came out of his office, a street urchin   was walking around the shining car. "Is this your car, sir?" he asked.
Paul answered, "Yes, my brother gave it to me for Christmas." The boy was surprised, "You mean your brother gave it to you and it did cost you nothing? Sir, I wish..." He hesitated . Paul thought of course he knew what the boy wanted, but what the boy said surprised him greatly. "I wish, " the boy went on, "that I could be a brother like that. " Paul looked at the boy in surprise, and then he said again, "Would you like to take a ride in my car?" "Oh yes, I'd love to." The boy answered.
After a short ride, the boy turned with his eyes shining and said, "Sir, would you mind driving in front of my house?"
Paul smiled a little. He thought he know what the boy wanted, He wanted to show his neighbors that he could ride home in a big car. But Paul was wrong again. "Will you stop where those two steps are?" the boy asked.
He ran up to the steps. Then in a short while Paul heard him coming back, but he was not coming fast. He Was carrying his little crippled   brother. He sat down on the step and pointed to the car.
"There he is, Buddy, just like I told you upstairs. His brother gave it to him for Christmas and it didn't cost him a cent . And some day I'm going to give you one just like it... then you can see for yourself all the nice things in the Christmas window- that I've been trying to tell you about."
Paul got out and lifted the boy to the front seat of his car. The shining-eyed elder brother climbed in beside him and the three began an unforgettable holiday ride.[:Zxxk.Com]
The question is: The best name of the story is    _  .
The possible answers are:
A:A Christmas Present
B:Paul, a Kind-hearted Person
C:A Brother Like That
D:An Unforgettable Holiday RideThe Chinese boy is Li Lei. He's thirteen. He's in No.3 Middle School. He's in Class Two, Grade One. His good friend is Jack. He's English. He's in Li Lei's school. He's in Class One, Grade Two. Mrs. Read is an English teacher in their school. She is an English woman and she teaches Grade 3. Jack and Li Lei have a secret . Jack is their English teacher's son.
The question is: Who's in No.3 Middle School?
The possible answers are:
A:Li Lei and his mother
B:Li Lei and his friends
C:Li Lei and his father
D:Li Lei, Jack and Jack's motherComputers are useful machines. They can help people a lot in their daily life. For example, they can help people to save much time to do more work, and they can help people to work out many problems they can't do easily. Our country asks everyone to learn to use computers before the twenty-first century, except the old people.
Today more and more families own computers. Parents buy computers for their children. They hope computers can help them improve their studies in school. However, many of their children use computers to play games, to watch videos or to sing. The teachers and parents complain that computers can not help children to study but make them fall behind. So computers are locked in boxes by parents.
In some other countries, even some scientists also hate computers. They say computers let millions of people lose their jobs or bring them a lot of trouble. Will computers really bring trouble to people or can they bring people happiness?
It will be decided by today's students themselves!
The question is: How do you understand the last sentence of this passage? I think it means   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:computers are used by people
B:people can live well without computers
C:one must decide how to use computer
D:computers are strange machinesPocket money means that you have money in your pocket that you can spend. You may get a regular amount of money from your parents or grandparents , for example , every week or once a month.
How much pocket money should you get ? That depends on what your parents or grandparents can afford, how many kids there are in your family and how old you are . A little primary school kid may get one yuan , but older children would get more . Each family is different.
Many parents or grandparents give kids pocket money so that their kids can :
use the money to buy things that they want .
learn to find out how much things cost .
learn to look after money well .
learn to shop around for the best price
 learn to save their pocket money for the future.
 learn what is worth  buying.
It is difficult to _ money  . If you spend all of your money too quickly ,you will not be able to buy the necessary things that you will need in the future life . If you always save money , you will not get many nice things that you really like . Try to use your pocket money in the right way and you will always get something good.
The question is: Usually kids can get their pocket money from their    _  .
The possible answers are:
A:parents
B:friends
C:parents or grandparents
D:TeachersSome people love going to museums,while others absolutely hate it and would rather stay at home,enjoying their favorite TV shows.Increasingly,museums are being seen as outdated and boring by today's youngsters.
I have just returned to the UK after travelling around the USA.While there,I visited lots of museums  I must say,museums are typically educational, either to develop knowledge gained at school in particular subjects,or to enhance knowledge of other cultures
In Chicago,we visited the world-famous Art Institute of Chicago.It was filled with paintings,drawings and sculptures by a huge variety of artists,such as Picasso,Monet,Matisse and Dali.There was a mixture of traditional and modern art,including colorful stained glass windows and abstract art.
When we were in Washington D.C.,we visited a few of the Smithsonian museums. These are all free to visit-which is great if you just want to see a few things,and not spend all day inside.The Air and Space Museum was particularly good:it had lots of aircrafts and rockets on display,interesting information and also some interactive parts.We also went to the National U. S. Holocaust )Memorial Museum. Naturally,it was sad to read about the horrors of this tragedy which affected so many people in World War II .However,it was also incredibly interesting to read the stories of those who survived the Holocaust,as well as those who helped others.
Last but not least,I also found the 9/11 Memorial and Museum to be of great interest. This museum is dedicated to those who lost their lives,as well as their families,when the Twin Towers in New York City were attacked by terrorists in 2001 .It tells you how the terrorists planned the attack,how they hijacked the planes,and ultimately what happened as a result of their actions.Surviving pieces of the towers are shown in the museum,alongside damaged fire engines. It was a truly thought-provoking visit,which made me value my own life that little bit more.
I think museums play an important role in preserving artifacts of historical importance for future generations.Whatever your interests,there is likely to be a museum for you. You can visit waxwork museums to see models of your favorite celebrities(and get photos with the Queen!),science museums for a more hands-on,interactive visit and so much more!Best of all,if you're ever in the UK,many of them are free!
The question is: Which of the following is TRUE according to the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:There are a lot of interactive parts in waxwork museums.
B:Art Institute of Chicago has a mixture of traditional and modern art.
C:You'd better read the stories before visiting the holocaust Memorial Museum.
D:The Air and Space Museum shows the attack 01 the twin towers by terrorists.Come and see the Indian  elephants and new tigers from America. The bears are waiting to meet you, and the monkeys from china are waiting to throw  things at you. The lovely dogs from Australia are waiting to laugh at  you. The giraffes from Zambia  are waiting to look down on you.
Tickets
Adults :$2.00
Children : Over 12: $1.00
Under12: Free
Opening time
9:00 am- 4:00pm(from Saturday to Thursday)
10:00am-3:00pm (Friday)
Keep the zoo clean! Don`t touch , give food or go near the animals.
The question is: Now Mr Smith is in the zoo with his two sons, one aged 14 and the other 10. How much are the tickets together?
The possible answers are:
A:$4.00
B:$ 2.00
C:$3.00
D:$1.00There are more than 3000 languages in the world today, but only about ten are major languages of the world. Among them English is the most popular.
More than 350 million people speak English as their first language. Major English-speaking countries are Britain, Australia, New Zealand, Canada and the USA. Another 400 million speak it as a second language. No one knows how many people speak English as a foreign language. They usually learn English as a school subject instead of learning it from their parents. Chinese is the only language with more speakers than English. This is because of the large population of China.
English is the language for a better understanding between peoples of the world. It is also the language for business and science. Nearly half of the business deals in Europe are done in English, and more than half of the science magazines are in English. English is widely used in the world's computer network. And children should begin with English when they learn how to use computers. Through the English language peoples of different countries are able to work together and make things even better.
The question is: English is the most popular language in the world because   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:it has the largest number of speakers
B:it is widely used
C:it is an international language
D:it is a language for world useYears ago, I lived in a building in a large city. The building next to ours was only a few feet away from mine. There was a woman who lived there and whom I had never met, yet I could see her seated by her window each afternoon, sewing   and reading.
After several months had gone by, I began to notice that her window was dirty. Everything was unclear through the dirty window. I would say to myself, "Why doesn't that woman clean her window? It really looks terrible."
One bright morning I decided to clean my apartment, including cleaning the window.
Late in the afternoon I finished the cleaning, I sat down by the window with a cup of coffee for a rest. What a surprise! Across the way, the woman sitting by her window was clearly seen. Her window was clean!
Then _ . I had been criticizing her dirty window, but all the time I was watching hers through my own dirty window.
That was quite an important lesson for me. How often had I looked at and criticized others through the dirty window of my heart, through my own shortcomings   ?
From then on, whenever I want to judge   someone, I ask myself first, "Am I looking at him through my own dirty window? " Then I try to clean the window of my own world so that I can see others' world more clearly.
The question is: The writer couldn't see anything clearly through the window because   _    .
The possible answers are:
A:the woman's window was dirty
B:the writer's window was dirty
C:the woman lived far away
D:the writer was near-sightedTo me, music is food and water. I can't live without it. I know this is not true for everybody. Many people don't listen to music and they can get along quite well. But music is everywhere in our life. For example, when you watch films or TV plays, do you find them interesting if there is no music? You would find them _ . And when you are waiting for the train or the plane, you would like music because it makes the time seem shorter.
It is true that music is everywhere in our life. Some people like to sit by the sea and listen to the sound of the sea. Some enjoy listening to the singing of birds. Those sounds are some kinds of music.  So music has meaning for everyone in some way or other. Of course, it has special meaning for people like me. We spend our lives playing or writing music.
Someone said, "Through music, a child goes into a world of beauty, learns to take care of others and makes his mind and body strong." Music is an important part of our lives.
The question is: Which of the following is true?
The possible answers are:
A:The writer likes to write music every day.
B:The writer becomes strong through music.
C:Most people like to listen to the sound of the sea.
D:Music has some kind of meaning to everyone.YUXI, China -- Many people of this city in southwester China spent Saturday night in tents, too scared to sleep in their homes after an earthquake which killed 188 people early that morning.
Countless homes were destroyed and lots of people became homeless after the earthquake which is believed to have a magnitude of 7.
The quake was not as serious as the 7.9-magnitude earthquake in 2008 that left more than 70,000 people dead in the Wenchuan area. But villagers who work in Chengdu, about 100 miles away, hurried back home Sunday morning, many on foot, the lucky ones on motorbikes, to check on their homes.
Song Yuanqing, 43, a worker, arrived back after a 22-hour trip and found his house was still there but had already been very unstable . "We would like to do something, but we can't do anything," Mr. Song said as he sat with neighbors around an outdoor fire built by the village leader in his backyard.
In all, the government sent about 7,000 soldiers and People's Armed Police officers to the earthquake-hit area. By Saturday evening, there were so many rescue workers in the area that the government asked volunteers to stop coming.
Li Keqiang, China's prime minister, flew to the area and slept in a tent on Saturday evening in Lushan County.
The earthquake shook Sichuan Province at 8 a.m., when people were getting up a little later than usual because schools and universities were closed.
"We were just getting up and getting dressed in our dormitory when the building shook, and I looked outside from our window and saw a row of houses had collapsed," Xu Yan, 22, a student at the Agricultural University in Ya'an, said in a telephone interview. " _ ."
The Chinese government said early Sunday that the death toll was 174, and about 5,700 people had been injured.
The earthquake was also felt in Chengdu, one of China's biggest cities and the capital of Sichuan Province. People described water getting out of home aquariums and things like balls falling to the floor.
In the town of Longmen, another hard-hit area near Ya'an, a local man, Zhang Yan, said 90 percent of the buildings had collapsed.
"About 100 people died around here," Ms. Zhang said in a telephone interview. "Rescue teams have not yet arrived. There is no water or electricity."
In the 2008 quake, many schools of poor quality collapsed and killed thousands of students. This time, many people also expressed their worries about students on their micro-blogs.
Sichuan Province is also one of China's best-known hometowns for pandas, and at the Bifengxia reserve, about six miles north of Ya'an, workers said that 20 pandas in the park were safe. "We examined the panda area after the quake, and they were not affected," said Chen Yong, an officer of the reserve.
The question is: Where would you most probably read this passage?
The possible answers are:
A:Reader.
B:A History of China's Earthquakes
C:How to Survive  in an Earthquake
D:China WeeklyA large book NBA star Yao Ming's English autography will come out in New York, US , this month. It is called "Yao: A Life in Two Worlds." It talks about his first year in the NBA. Yao wrote it with a US report.
Alicia's Coming American singer Alicia Keys,23, will be in the "Wall of Hope" concert with other stars, on the Great Wall, in Beijing, on September 25. The R& B singer is a five-time Grammy winner.
Top singing award Taiwanese singer Jay Chou, 25, won Best Male singer at the Fourth Chinese Music Billboard Awards  , in Taipei, on Saturday.
Football winners the Chinese under-17 football team is No. 1 in Asia. They won the Asian U-17 Championship in Japan on Saturday. They beat the Democratic People's Republic of Korea  1-0. After 85 minutes, Wang Weilong shot the only goal. They took the cup for the first time in 12 years.
The question is: The Chinese under-17 football team  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:got the first place in the world
B:won the champion in Asia
C:lost the game
D:beat Japanese teamA young man worked very hard at his lessons. He was too busy to have a rest. At last, he became ill, so he couldn't go to sleep. Every night, when he went to bed, he closed his eyes and tried to sleep. But he always stayed awake and couldn't fall asleep.
After some days, he decided to see a doctor. "I just can't go to sleep at night. What should I do? Could you please help me?"
"I have a suggestion ,"said the doctor. "Try counting numbers. By the time you reach one thousand, you'll be asleep. I'm sure of it."
The next day the man returned to the doctor's office. "Well," said the doctor, how are you today? Did you try my suggestion?"
The man still looked tired. "Yes," he said, "I tried counting one, two, and three-- up to one thousand. But when I reached five hundred and sixty-nine, I began to feel sleepy. I had to get up and drink some tea so that I could go on counting up to one thousand. But then I still couldn't fall asleep."
The question is: The young man couldn't go to sleep because   _  ,
The possible answers are:
A:he was worried about his homework
B:he worked too hard and became ill
C:he didn't finish doing his lessons
D:there was a lot of noise there and he couldn't have a rest"Whoosh!" The ball flew into the net and the game was finally over. This game had gone into overtime   twice. Until the last goal was scored, no one had any idea which team would win.
Dave felt so bad because his team had lost. He liked playing soccer, but he liked winning even more. Now the two teams should have a picnic together. Dave did not want to eat lunch with the other team. The other team would probably brag   by talking about how they won the game.
Dave went to the locker room   to change out of his soccer clothes. There the coach talked to the team about what they had done well. They also talked about how they could improve. Then everybody walked outside towards the picnic table.
One of the players from the other team was standing near the picnic table. He handed Dave a paper plate. "Hi, I'm Miguel," he said.
"Hi," Dave replied, looking down at the ground.
"You played great," Miguel said. "I didn't think we were going to win."
Dave was surprised. Miguel was not bragging at all.
"Thanks," Dave said to Miguel. "You played great, too."
Dave felt happy. Dave promised himself that the next time his team won a game, he would not brag to the other team. It was wonderful to win, but it was even more important to be a good winner.
The question is: What was Dave's problem?
The possible answers are:
A:He was too tired to eat.
B:He didn't want to eat with the winning team.
C:He didn't like Miguel.
D:He didn't play soccer as well as his teammates.Who is reading your blogs or checking out your information online? Two reports show that surfing the Internet and sending personal information to people you do not know could be a problem.
Most sites give users their own webspace where they can write their diaries or post their pictures. The sites encourage users to get their friends to look at their work and to comment on what are posted on the sites.
Teachers are worried that some children are posting their personal information on websites. This could put them at risk from those who plan to do harm to young people. Teachers are also worried some users think it is OK to use the websites in a way that could get others into trouble.
In a school in Illinois in the US where some popular sites are used wildly, the school would punish students who posted pictures or information about smoking , drinking and other illegal activities on the websites.
The school is now going to encourage its 3,200 students to obey a new rule. The warning is clear. That is, be careful when posting information about yourself such as your age, sex, address and interests on a website that anyone can see.
Another warning about the Internet comes from a report. It shows searchers are leading users to websites that show them spam and other dangerous downloads.The words " free _ " were found to be the most dangerous words that people search for.
It is well-known that visiting sites offering free MP3s leave users at serious risk. Spyware should be installed on their computers. So, happy surfing ,but remember not to get caught in the Net!
The question is: What kinds of pictures or information are not allowed on the websites in a school in Illinois?
The possible answers are:
A:Smoking , drinking and exercising.
B:Drinking, fighting and playing.
C:Smoking, drinking and fighting.
D:Chatting, watching and smoking.This story is about a young man.He worked very hard at his lessons.He was too busy to have a rest.At last, he became ill, so he couldn't go to sleep.Every night, when he went to bed, he closed his eyes and tried to sleep.But the more he tried, the more he stayed awake.
After a while he decided to visit the doctor."I just can't go to sleep at night.What should I do?"
"I have a suggestion," said the doctor."Try counting numbers.By the time you reach one thousand, you'll be asleep.I'm sure of it."
The next day the man returned to the doctor's office."Well," said the doctor, "how are you today? Did you try my suggestion?"
The man still looked tired."Yes," he said, "I tried counting one, two, three...up to one thousand.But when I reached five hundred and sixty-nine, I began to feel sleepy.I had to get up and drink some tea so that I could go on counting up to one thousand.But then I still couldn't fall asleep."
The question is: The young man returned to the doctor's office the next day because  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:he wanted to thank the doctor
B:he was better and wanted some more medicine
C:he wanted to ask the doctor how to count the numbers
D:he still couldn't go to sleep at nightLi Ting, Zhang Lin and Wu Jun are students of Class 1, Grade 7 in Sunshine Middle School.
Li Ting is a pretty girl. She has big eyes and a small nose. Her hair is long and black. She likes dancing and singing. We all like listening to her songs. She hopes to be a singer when she grows up.
Zhang Lin is a tall and helpful girl. She is good at all her subjects. She always helps her classmates with their homework. She is very clever and almost knows about everything. Her classmates all call her encyclopedia  .
Wu Jun is a strong boy. He enjoys playing sports. He plays football and basketball very well. He is a member of the School Sports Club. His dream is to be a football player like Raul.
The question is: Li Ting and Wu Jun are   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:in different   classes
B:in different schools
C:classmates
D:sister and brotherDiwali is perhaps the most well--known of the Hindu   festivals. It is celebrated by Hindus in India and abroad. It is often called the Festival of Lights. For Hindus, Diwli is very important and it is also very exciting time for them. Normally , this holiday is celebrated in October or November and it falls on a different date each year. This year , it will be celebrated on October23.
Diwali is usually celebrated for 5 days. To prepare for Diwali, Hindus spend several weeks cleaning their homes and preparing special food in order to welcome Laskhmi, the goodness of wealth  into their lives. They will open the windows of their homes during this time to make sure that she can enter their home.
One of other traditions of Dawali is to light up oil lamp  in the homes. The oil lamps are used to make the goddess of wealth enter the homes. Hindus believe that she will not enter a home that is not lit up.
During Diwali, the children in India do not have to go to school. They share gifts with one another and prepare special holiday meals to celebrate this event. Fireworks are also a big part of the Diwali festival. They are used to scare away bad spirits.
The question is: Hindus usually do the following EXCEPT   _   during Diwali to welcome the goddess of wealth.
The possible answers are:
A:watching fireworks
B:cleaning their homes
C:preparing special food
D:opening the windows of their homesSmog is a big problem in many Chinese cities. But it seems that besides wearing a mask, few of us know what has caused the smog and what to do to beat it. Chai Jing, a former news interviewer with CCTV, discussed the questions in her documentary Under the Dome.
The 103-minute film was on websites on Feb 28. In the film, Chai visits polluted places and talks to officials and scientists. She thinks that burning too much coal and oil are the main causes of PM2.5 and smog.
To solve the problem, Chai suggests that we should clean our coal and oil or replace them with cleaner energy such as natural gas.
In her film, Chai also emphasized   that everyone can do something to help control smog too. For example, we can live a greener life by using more public transport. Or if we see things that could harm the environment, we can try to stop it. In the film, when she sees a restaurant cooking without any suitable filter facilities  , she calls the hotline 12369. The restaurant installed the filter a week later.
Chen Jining, the new minister of environmental protection, praised Chai. "This film encourages ordinary people to take notice of the environment. This is what we need in the future."
The question is: What can we tell from the story?
The possible answers are:
A:Only factories produce heavy smog.
B:Only the government can control smog.
C:Smog can't be controlled by ordinary people.
D:Living a green life can help reduce smog.Drinking water is good for your health. There are some scientific ways of drinking water.
1. It is the best medicine to drink two glasses of water in the morning.
2. Drink clean water.
3. Drink the water that has not been boiled.
Many people think boiled water is safe and good to people's health. In fact, it is not true. The boiling point of water is 100degC. By boiling it, most bacteria in water can be killed. In the past, the water was less polluted. So boiling was a good way to make clean water. But heavy metals and other dangerous things in today's water are much more terrible than bacteria. Boiling doesn't fix that problem. And boiling water may give us more of the dangerous things in our glass.
4. Never use soft drinks to take the place of water.
5. Water is also needed in winter.
6. Drink water at the right time.
1) After getting up in the morning, you have less water in your body, because you weren't drinking for the whole night. So you should drink some water to keep your health after getting up in the morning. That can prevent high blood pressure, cerebral hemorrhages and so on.
2) Drinking water at about 10 am helps your body keep enough water.
3) Drinking water at about 3 pm can clean out the wastes in your body.
4) About eight o'clock in the evening is the best time to drink water. Your blood gets thicker when you sleep. Water will make your blood less thick.
Besides, we should drink 2L of water every day. Water is so important for our life. We should drink water often.
The question is: At about 3 pm, drinking water can clean out the  _  in your body.
The possible answers are:
A:oil
B:food
C:wastes
D:fatAn Englishman was once traveling in Italy. One day he went into a small restaurant to order dinner. He understood very little Italian and couldn't read the menu . He knew the word for eggs, and so he ordered eggs. Italy is famous, however, for its mushrooms  with eggs. But he did not know the word for mushrooms. The waiter did not speak a word of English and could not help him. At last, the man took out his pocket a pencil and a piece of paper and very carefully drew a picture of a mushroom on the piece of paper. The waiter looked at the picture of the mushroom for a long while. He did not understand very well, but at last he left. He was gone a long time. After about a half hour he returned. But instead of an order of mushroom, he brought the man a large black umbrella.
The question is: What is Italy famous for?
The possible answers are:
A:Mushroom with eggs.
B:Eggs.
C:Mushrooms.
D:Beautiful umbrella.Amos Dudley, a 24-year-old boy who studies digital design at New Jersey University of Technology, felt ashamed about his teeth. But being a student, Dudley didn't have the money to get braces . So, he decided to
3-D print his own and marked down the DIY project in a recent blog post. His braces totaled less than $60, and after wearing them for 16 weeks, his teeth are also getting straighter.
Months ago, he mentioned on his blog that he avoided smiling for a while because he was unhappy with his teeth.
However, clear braces can get pricey, costing up to $8,000. But after studying some images of these expensive clear braces, something comes up on him--they looked like that one which can come from a 3-D printer.
So he decided to hit up his school's 3-D printing equipment and scanned and printed models of his teeth. He
then made non-harmful plastic molds   around them to make 12 sets of braces.
Dudley, who does not recommend attempting any of this at home said that he didn't ask a dentist for his project. But the student did get information from journal articles and textbooks. And though this was a perfectly
friendly choice to buy braces. He didn't accept the project just to save money--he was also up for the challenge. "When I realized that I could do something that was a little bit special, while proving my skills as a designer
and a maker, and fixing something that was making me self-conscious for actually free, I felt it was more than worth the risk." he said.
The question is: What made Dudley get the idea of using 3-D printed braces?
The possible answers are:
A:The advice from the dentist.
B:The advice from his friends.
C:His major studies at university.
D:The possibility of making 3-D braces.When Jason's parents saw him for the first time, they were shocked .This lovely little baby with shining blue eyes and curly hair was born disabled . But soon the young couple accepted this fact: Jason's arms are just half without hands and his legs aren't fully grown either. They even forgot to think of him as disabled.
At the age of six, he told his mother he wanted to get down from the prosthetics and play with other kids. This was the last time Jason had worn them. He now has an electric wheelchair , but he never uses it at home or when it is easy for him to move using only his body.
Jason learned handwriting and coloring at school, holding the pen between the ends of his arms. He also learned to eat with forks at home. When he was ten, he fell in love with football. He never had a pair of shoes in his life because of the shape of his feet. He only wore socks on the football field. He never won a match, but he refused to give up. His strong arms and body, as well as some fantastic ways made him a respected player on the school team. He went to a famous university after high school.
Now Jason still faces many _ in life, but he will make you believe that you can do what he has done. "Never be afraid of any difficulty", Jason often encourages others in his speeches.
The question is: What is the best title of this passage
The possible answers are:
A:Disabled but still able
B:Playing football brings good luck
C:Never wear prosthetics even disabled
D:Walking hard at school and homeHow do you get across a river? A bridge is the best way. In some places, there are no bridges. People use the ferry . A ferry is a boat that takes people and cars across the river.
Both ends of a ferry look the same. The ferry never has to turn around. It docks at one side of the river. People and cars get on. At the other side, the ferry docks again. The people and cars get off. Other cars and people get on. And then the ferry goes back across the river.
In many places, bridges are now taking the place of ferries. In 1964, the longest bridge in the world was built in New York over Now York Bay . It is called the Verrazano-Narrows Bridge. This bridge has two roads, one over the other. Each road is wide enough for six lanes of traffic.
The question is: _   is the best way for people to go across the river.
The possible answers are:
A:The bridge
B:The car
C:The ferry
D:The busUncle Wang is fifty. He has two sons, Wang Lei and Wang Fei. They are twins. They are twenty -two. Wang Lei likes making things. He makes many different things. Today he's making a machine. He wants to ride the machine like a bike and fly it like a plane. Wang Fei doesn't like making things at all. He likes reading and watching TV very much. He plays table tennis on Saturdays and Sundays. Wang Lei and Wang Fei like playing football a lot. Uncle Wang likes his two sons very much. They love each other, too.
The question is: Wang Lei and Wang Fei are   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:Uncle Wang's sons
B:students
C:teachers
D:friendsMr. White works in a park. He can't hear or speak. He looks after the chairs in the park.
Some chairs in the park look very old. Mr. White wants to paint   them. It is cloudy today. There are few people in the park,so Mr. White starts to paint a chair. After he paints it,he goes back to his office and brings a card with "WET PAINT" on it. He wants to put the card near the chair. He takes the card and walks to the chair.
Dave is taking a walk in the park. He feels a little tired  .He wants to sit on a chair. He sees the chair. He is walking to it,too.
Mr. White finds someone behind him walking to the same chair. He walks quickly. When Dave sees this,he begins to run. Mr. White begins to run,too. Dave runs faster than (......)Mr. White and he sits on the chair. He does not know the paint is wet. Mr. White is not happy to see him sitting on the chair. He shows Dave the card. Dave feels very embarrassed  .
The question is: Mr.White's job is to   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:clean the park
B:grow trees
C:help people in the park
D:look after the chairs in the parkStreet art can be found on buildings, street signs and even dustbins from Tokyo to Paris to New York City. This special kind of art can take the form of paintings, sculptures, cloth or even stickers. Street art has become part of a culture which can be seen around the world. Now, even art museums and galleries  are collecting the works of street artists.
People have different thoughts about street art. Some think street art is bad, but others see this art as a rich form of non-traditional cultural expression. Street art began in New York City in the 1960s. Young adults would use paint in special cans to spray  their "tag" on walls and train cars around the city. This tag was a name they created to show off themselves and their artwork. This style of drawing and writing became known as graffiti . Graffiti art showed that young people wanted to rebel  against the rules. They traveled around cities to make paintings that everyone could see.
Street artists do their work for some reasons. A number of them choose street art because it is closer to the everyday life. What they enjoy most is the freedom of expressing themselves which street art permits . One well-known street artist is Swoon. She cuts out paper images of people and puts them on walls. Swoon didn't start her career as a street artist. She studied art but, as time went on, got bored with the works she saw in museums. Then she fell in love with graffiti. The people in New York enjoy Swoon's strong and interesting style. Some museums have already bought some of her works.
Nowadays street art has become part of a world-wide culture. It is supported by websites, artist groups, books and magazines.
The question is: According to the writer, the artists love street art because  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:they enjoy travelling around the city
B:they want to express their feelings freely
C:they enjoy learning different cultures
D:they want to let more people know themMin Sun, with another name of Ziqian, was a famous man in the State of Lu during the Spring and Autumn Period. He was a student of Confucius. Among all students of Confucius, he was compared with Yan Yuan.
Min Sun's mother died very early, later his father took another wife, who gave birth to two sons. The stepmother _ Min Sun--in winter, while two younger brothers wore warm clothes made of cotton. Min Sun only wore clothes made of reed catkins .
One day, he followed his father to go out. When pulling the chariot , Min Sun felt so cold that he dropped the rope onto the ground. Then his father beat him. Just then, the reed catkins flew out from the broken clothes and his father knew that Min Sun was mistreated, he was very angry.
After the father returned home, he wanted to divorce his wife. Min Sun fell on his knees and begged his father to forgive his stepmother. He said, " if Mother stays at home, only I myself have to stand cold. But if you divorce Mother, all three children have to suffer from cold."
His father was deeply moved and took Min Sun's advice. The stepmother heard of this, felt sorry and knew her mistakes. From then on, she treated Min Sun as her own son.
The question is: Which of the following is right?
The possible answers are:
A:Min Sun was not as excellent as Yan Yuan.
B:Min Sun's father forgave his wife.
C:Min Sun's father divorced his wife.
D:Min Sun's stepmother was always kind.Plants are very important. This is because plants can make food from air, water and sunlight. Animals and man cannot make food from air, water and sunlight. Animals can get their food by eating plants and other animals. Man gets his food by eating plants and animals, too. So animals and man need plants to live. This is why there are so many plants around us.
There are two kinds of plants: flowering plants and non-flowering  plants. Almost all the trees around us are flowers and fruit. Non-flowering plants don't grow flowers. You can't see many non-flowering plants around you.
If you look carefully at the plants around you, you'll find that there are many kinds of plants. Some plants are very big and some very small. Most of them are green. We can live on the earth because of the plants around us.
The question is: We need many plants around us because   _   .
The possible answers are:
A:plants can grow easily
B:plants are green
C:we can get what we need from plants
D:we like all kinds of plantsYou are what you eat
Keeping better eating habits can help you reduce   disease. A healthy eating plan means choosing the right foods to eat and preparing foods in a healthy way.
 _ 
Do you often change your toothbrush? Maybe you think it is not necessary. A study shows old toothbrushes bring disease. You should often change your toothbrush.
Exercise
Swimming, running, skating, skiing, dancing, walking and some other activities can help you stay healthy. You should exercise at least three times a week and for twenty minutes or more each time. Do it.
Plan out your life
You should have breakfast before you go to school. Have a proper   meal for lunch. Follow a healthy diet.
,.
The question is: At least how long should you exercise each time?
The possible answers are:
A:Twenty minutes.
B:Fifteen minutes.
C:Ten minutes.
D:Five minutes.No matter how old your kids are, you can take steps to improve a healthy diet and to encourage good eating habits.
Tip One: Family Meals
Family meals are nice for both parents and kids. Children like to guess what they are going to have and parents get the chance to introduce new foods to children. Parents can also use the mealtime as a chance to talk with their kids about their life.
Tip Two: Healthy Snacks
Kids, especially younger ones, will eat mostly what can get at home. That's why it's important to have enough healthy snacks, such as fruits, vegetables, nuts, yogurt and whole-grain biscuits.
Tip Three: Being a Good Example
The best way for you to encourage healthy eating is to eat well yourself. Kids will follow the lead of the adults they see every day. By eating fruits and vegetables and avoiding fast food and sweet drinks, you are sending the right message.
Tip Four: No Shouts about Food
Parents might find themselves shouting at children to get them to have healthy foods in front them. This in fact can make children dislike what they are asked to eat. You need to work a bit on different cooking methods .
Tip Five: Get Kids Included 
Most Kids will enjoy making the decision about food. Talk to them about making choices and planning a healthy meal. It can help them to make good decisions on their own about the foods they want to eat.
,,A, B, C, D,. (2,10)
The question is: What's the author's attitude  toward snacks?
The possible answers are:
A:Snacks shouldn't be eaten.
B:Healthy snacks can be accepted .
C:Kids can only have snacks at home.
D:It's not necessary to have snacks at home.Sing the Language You're Learning
How can you remember a song from your childhood to this day? Why do your teachers use songs to teach you English? It seems there is a scientific reason for this.
Researchers are now studying the relationship between music and remembering a foreign language. They find that remembering words in a song is the best way to remember even the most difficult language.
"Singing could be a new way of learning a foreign language. The brain likes to remember things when they are used in a _ and meaningful way", said Dr, Karen Ludke. The findings may help those who have difficulties learning foreign languages. On his blog, Dr. Ludke writes, "A listen-and-repeat singing method can support foreign language learning, and opens the door for future research in this area."
Many language teachers know the value of using music and singing. Hua Zhuying, a teacher at a Chinese language school in Washington, D.C. depends heavily on songs in teaching Chinese. She says, "I use music all the time to teach children Chinese. For little kids usually we use the music. Not only does it work, but it is fun for kids."
"Sometimes, I think if I were taught English that way, maybe I could speak much better English than now," Hua Zhuying adds.
Our brain likes music, especially for remembering. So, if you're still struggling in learning a language, why not try singing it out ?
The question is: From the passage, we know that Hua Zhuying  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:is interested in writing English songs
B:teaches children English by using music
C:teaches Chinese in an American school
D:is a researcher in a language schoolMany students are under great pressure this term. There is some advice on studying and preparing for exams.
Sciences
Ask students what is the most difficult course, and most of them will give you the same answer: mathematics. This is also true for Dai Shuang, a 14-year-old student at No.1 Middle School. He says, "It's so difficult that I get a headache whenever I think about the math exam."
According to Dai, studying this course is not easy. He usually studies math by himself and spends most of his free time reading math books and doing exercises.
 _ 
Qin Xia, a math teacher, offers some advice. "Most students fear mathematics because they think the class is too difficult or boring." he says, "These students don't listen carefully in classes or even sleep." In Qin's opinion, they can try to take notes. And they'd better ask teachers for help. It's difficult for students to teach themselves math, which will waste a lot of time. Besides, doing a lot of exercises is also important.
Arts
Zhu Tianjiao, a 13-year-old student at Megan Middle School, is very nervous because she doesn't know how to improve her English.
 _ 
Xia Bingcong, a top student at Tsinghua University shares  some of her learning experiences. According to Xia, memorizing, listening and reading are important in language learning. "Studying on a daily basis  is the best choice." Xia says.
The question is: When the math exam comes, Dai Shuang usually   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:has a bad cold
B:sleeps late
C:has a hard time
D:feels excitedSome parents say their kids don't like sports. Why?
Some kids don't like sports because they don't know how to play them. If the kids know how to play a new sport, maybe they will like it. Taking P.E. classes at school is a good way to learn new sports. Another way is to watch videos about sports. Kids can also read some books to learn new sports.
Some kids don't like playing sports because they were once on a team and didn't have fun. For those kids, it's a good idea to talk with their teachers or parents. With their help, maybe the kids will like playing sports again.
There are many kinds of sports, so a kid should find the sports that _ him or her. If a kid doesn't like team sports, parents can ask him or her to try individual  sports, such as swimming and running.
Playing sports is a good form of exercise, and it can help kids keep active and healthy. Of course, non-sport   activities can also keep kids fit, such as walking a dog, cleaning the room and watering the garden.
The question is: Which of the following is TRUE?
The possible answers are:
A:Kids should only play team sports.
B:Playing sports can help kids keep active and healthy.
C:Most parents don't let their kids play team sports.
D:Non-sport activities can't keep kids active and healthy.Do you need useful and interesting books? Here we've got plenty for you.
Successful Fishermen
Fishing is a healthy hobby. You can enjoy fresh air when you go fishing in the countryside. This book will teach you how to choose fishing places and how to make good fishing rods  easily. Many kinds of fishing skills are shown in the book. Read it and you will become a more successful fisherman.
Best Learners
This book can give you the answers to the questions most often asked by parents, teachers and students themselves.
Read this book and learn:
*What the three difficulties in study are and what to do with them.
*What to do if you are not interested in a subject you are studying.
*Twenty-six simple exercises to help you study easily and fast.
You will get more from this book. For younger students, you can buy Learn to Study for Beginners. It is easier to understand.
How to Keep Pets
A pet can be our best friend. Do you have pets in your house? Are they in good shape? This book not only offers you many colorful pictures of lovely pets, but also provides you with the knowledge about:
*How to choose right pets for yourself.
*How to build houses or nests  for your pets.
*How to feed the pets and how to keep them clean.
Buy this book and you will learn more.
We have many other books on sale. For more information, enter www. Knowbetter. com. If you buy two or more books at a time, you'll get 10% off.
The question is: The writer wrote this passage in order to   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:increase sales of the books
B:buy useful and interesting books
C:tell people how to keep pets
D:teach students to study easily and fastBeijing-- During the 24-hour period ending at 4 pm on Sunday, China confirmed six new cases of human H7N9 bird flu  , including five in Zhejiang and one in Jiangsu.
The National Health and Family Planning Commission  said that a total of 102 H7N9 cases have been reported in China, including 20 that have died.
Of the total, 12 H7N9 patients have been _ from hospitals after receiving treatment, and the other 70 patients are being treated in designated  hospitals, according to the commission.
A total of 33 cases, including 11 that have died, have been reported in Shanghai. Twenty-four cases, including three deaths, have been reported in Jiangsu province, and 38 cases, including five deaths, in Zhejiang province. Anhui province has reported three cases, including one death. Beijing has reported one case and three have been reported in Henan province.
China officially confirmed the human cases infected  with the H7N9 virus since last month.
According to the commission, China's confirmed H7N9 cases are isolated  and there has been no sign of human to-human transmission .
The question is: According to the passage, how many new cases have been found in China?
The possible answers are:
A:4
B:6
C:5
D:1Delia was a young pianist. Her husband, Joe, was a young artist.
Each of them was taking lessons: Joe with a famous art teacher, and Delia with a great pianist from Germany. Their teachers were the very best, so lessons were expensive, more than they could really afford, but...when you love your art, nothing is too much.
But soon the money began to run out, and they couldn't afford the lessons any more.
Then one day Delia came back home and told Joe that she had met a man whose daughter, Sally, wanted to learn the piano, and he was going to pay her $ 50 an hour.
"Delia," Joe said, "I'll be much happier if you keep up your lessons," Delia said it didn't matter. "When I've had some money, I'll continue." But Joe also decided to stop his lessons, to draw pictures and sell them.
A few days later, Joe came home and proudly took $ 200 from his pocket. "I met a man from Vermont," he said, "who bought one of my pictures. And he wants to buy more!"
 _ .They didn't have to worry any more about money.
Then, one day, Joe came home and saw that Delia's hand was wrapped in a bandage . He asked her what had happened. "Oh," said Delia. "My student, Sally, asked me to make some coffee for her. I dropped the coffee and burned my hand. Sally went straight to the drugstore and got this bandage for me. "
"Delia, what have you been doing the last two weeks?" Joe asked. She tried not to tell him, but the tears came. "Oh Joe, I couldn't get any students, so I worked as a waitress in a restaurant. Today, I burned my hand with hot water. So I can't work any more. But we'll still have money from the man in Vermont, won't we?"
Joe looked at her. "There's no man in Vermont, " he said. "I've been working in a drugstore, and today someone came in to buy bandages for a woman who's burned her hand. So when I saw you, well, I guessed."
They both laughed.
[A story by O. Henry--adapted ]
The question is: The writer of the story is   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:Joe
B:Delia
C:O. Henry
D:SallyIn a chatting room on the Internet, some children are talking about what they like to do at school. Flying Fish: I think music is my favourite. I like listening to many beautiful English songs. I need to feel _ after a day's work. So I often listen to my favourite music after supper.
Singing Bird: I like music, too. But I only listen to Chinese songs. I also like drawing. Maybe I can be a great painter   when I grow up. I also like reading. Reading makes me clever.
Jumping Tiger: I don't like music or drawing. They are a waste  of time, I think. I am a good basketball player. I can help our school team win. Don't you think it's cool?
Running football: I am not a good basketball player. But I play football well. Playing football makes me strong. I feel great when I am on the football field. I spend half an hour a day playing football.
Swimming Cat: I am not like many other boys. I don't like sports very much. I just think reading is my favourite. I can learn a lot from books. I spend an hour reading books every day.
The question is: Who likes reading books?
The possible answers are:
A:Flying Fish
B:Sing Bird.
C:Swimming Cat.
D:Swimming Cat and Singing Bird.London Time, July 7, 1992
Mountaineer Jean-Marc came back to London yesterday. He was welcomed by all the people in the city. But the 28-year-old Frenchman was very modest. "I'm not a hero," he said in London Guild Hall, "It was something I wanted to do, so I did it."
Jean-Marc climbed the world's highest mountain, K2 in the Himlayas, with English Climbing Team one month ago. He was the only one who climbed up. He was the first Frenchman to reach the peak . When he got to the peak, his tears fell. He was so glad.
Yesterday his wife went to London to meet him. These years she always helping him to do his job. Jean-Marc said, "Because my wife gave me so much help, I won. I love her very much. And now we'll have a month's holiday in America."
The question is: _  climbed up the peak.
The possible answers are:
A:English Climbing Team
B:Jean-Marc
C:Jean-Marc and his wife
D:K2 in the HimlayasA professor began his class by holding up a glass with some water in it. He held it up for all to see and asked the students, " How much do you think this glass weighs?"
"50 grams ! " "100 grams ! " "125 grams ! " the students answered.
"I really don't know unless I weigh it , " said the professor, " but , my question is : What would happen if I held it up like this for a few minutes?"
" Nothing , " the students said.
"OK, what would happen if I held it up like this for an hour?" the professor asked.
"Your arm would begin to ache, " said one of the students.
"You are right, now what would happen if I held it up for a day?"
"Your arm could go numb  , and you might have to go to hospital, " another student said.
"Very good ! But during all this, did the weight of the glass change?" asked the professor.
"NO"
"Then what made the arm ache and the muscle( ) stress?"
The students were puzzled.
" Put the glass down" said one of the students.
"Exactly ! " said the professor. " Life's problems are something like this. Hold them for minutes in your head and they seem OK. Think of them for a long time and they begin to ache. Hold them even longer and they begin to trouble you. You will not be able to do anything. It's important to think of the problems in your life, but even more important to ' put them down' at the end of every day before you go to sleep. That way, you are not stressed; you wake up every day fresh and strong and can handle any issue, any challenge that comes your way ! "
,.
The question is: How much does the glass weigh?
The possible answers are:
A:50 grams.
B:100 grams.
C:125 grams.
D:We don't know.Playing video games has become a real job now. Players can get a lot of money. They compete, watched by thousands of fans in arenas  , with millions more following online.
40 years ago the first known competition (playing Spacewar at the US's Standford University) offered a magazine as first prize. In 2014 the world championship   for Dota 2 had the prize of almost $11 million and 10,000 fans watched live as Chinese team won the first prize.
Last year also saw the first e-sports arenas open in the US and a 15,000-seater e-sports stadium   in China, the e-TV sports report by sports network ESPN and the $450,000 worth e-sports scholarship   offered by Chicago's Robert Morris University.
If you're over 30, you probably don't, directly, unless you happen to be a fanatical   player of the most popular e-sports games. But your children or grandchildren do. They know the players by their gaming handles   and hope to follow their heroes into a gaming world.
The question is: What has playing video games become now?
The possible answers are:
A:A job.
B:A sport.
C:A hobby.
D:A competition.It was Sunday yesterday. Tom and his mother were at home. Tom woke up late and sat on the bed watching TV. And he ate much chocolate. Then it was noon. Tom had to get up. Mother and Tom sat at the table. They were having their lunch. "The soup is not good. I don't want to have it," said Tom and put down his spoon  . Mother said nothing and took it away. After lunch, Mother and Tom worked in the garden There was much work to do, so Tom was tired and felt  hungry soon. His mother gave him nothing to eat.
In the evening, mother gave a bowl of soup to Tom "Oh, how delicious  !" said  Tom. "it's the same soup, Tom," said Mother with a smile.
The question is: When Tom worked in the garden,  _
The possible answers are:
A:he ate some chocolate
B:he felt hungry soon
C:his mother cooked soup for him
D:his mother stayed in the houseAbout ten men in every hundred have the trouble of color blindness in some way. Women are luckier, only about one in two hundred is affected in this matter. Perhaps, after all ,it is safer to be driven by a woman.
There are different kinds of color blindness. For example, a man cannot see deep red. He may think that red, orange and yellow are all shades   of  green. Sometimes a person can't tell the difference between blue and green. Only a few unlucky men may see everything in shades of green-- a strange world indeed.
Color blindness in human beings is a different thing to explain. In only one eye there are millions of very small things called "cones " . These help us to see in the bright light and to tell differences between colors. These are also millions of "rods" ,but these are used for seeing when it is nearly dark. They show us shapes but not colors.
Some insects have favorite colors. Mosquitoes  like blue but do not like yellow. A red light will not attract insects, but a blue light will. Human beings also have favorite colors. Yet we are lucky. With the help of the cones in our eyes, we can see many beautiful colors by day, and with the help of the rods we can see shapes at night.
The question is: We can attract and kill mosquitoes by using a  _  light.
The possible answers are:
A:red
B:yellow
C:blue
D:greenLong ago in a small village, there was a place. It is famous for the House of 1000 Mirrors.
A small, happy little dog learned of this place and decided to visit. When he arrived, he jumped happily up the stairs  to the doorway  of the house. He looked through the doorway with his ears lifted high  and his tail  wagging  as fast as it could. To his great surprise, he found himself looking at 1000 other happy little dogs with their tails wagging just as fast as his. He smiled a great smile, and was answered with 1000 great smiles just as warm and friendly. As he left the house, he thought to himself, "This is a wonderful place. I will come back and visit often."
In the same village, another little dog, who was not quite as happy as the first one, decided to visit the house. He slowly climbed the stairs and hung  his head low as he looked into the door. When he saw the 1000 unfriendly-looking dogs looking back at him, he _ at them and was afraid to see 1000 little dogs growling back at him. As he left, he thought to himself, "That is a terrible place. I will never go back there again."
All the faces in the world are mirrors. What kind of reflections  do you see in the faces of the people you meet?
The question is: The first dog decided to visit the house again because
The possible answers are:
A:he liked the mirror there
B:he made many friends
C:he felt he was welcome
D:he learned a lot thereOne afternoon I took a trip to an art museum while waiting for my husband to finish a business meeting. I was looking forward to a quiet view of the masterpieces .
A young couple looking at the paintings in front of me chatted non--stop. I watched them for a moment and realized she was doing all the talking. I admired this man for being so patient with her. Bored by their noise, I moved on.
I met them several times as I moved through those rooms of art. Each time I heard her voice, I moved away quickly. I was standing at the museum gift shop buying some cards when the couple walked to the exit.
" He's a brave man, " the clerk said. "Most of us would give up if we were blind at such a young age. But behind his wife come in whenever there's a new art show. "
"But what does he get out of the works of art?" I asked. "Hecan't see. "
" His wife describes each painting so that he can see it in his head. "
I learned something about patience, courage and love that day. I saw the patience of a young wife describing paintings to a person without
and the courage of a husband who would not allow blindness to change his life. And I saw the love shared by two people as I watched this couple walk away holding each other's hands.
Just then, I can't help getting close to them and said, "  _   "
,.
The question is: What can be the best title for this passage?
The possible answers are:
A:Watching the paintings
B:A brave husband
C:Trusting your wife
D:Seeing true loveAn old man walked slowly with a cane into the restaurant.His old jacket,worn-out shoes and warm personality made him different from the usual crowd.
A young waitress watched him move toward a table by the window.She ran over to him,and said:"Here,sir...let me help you with that chair."
Without saying a word ,he smiled and nodded a thank you.She pulled the chair away from the table and helped him sit.Then she put his cane against the table.
"Thank you.Miss."he said kindly.
"You're welcome.sir,"she said.
After he had finished his breakfast,the waitress brought him the change from his bill.He left it on the table.She helped him up and walked with him to the front door.
When she went to clean his table,she found a business card under his plate and a note on a napkin .Under the napkin was a l00-dollar bill.
The note on the napkin read:"Dear miss,I respect you very much and I can see you respect yourself,too. It shows by the way you treat others.You have found the secret of happiness.Your kindness will shine through to all those who meet you."
The man she had served  was the owner of the restaurant where she worked.This was the first time that she or any of the other workers had ever seen him in person.
The question is: What's the best title for this passage?
The possible answers are:
A:The secret of success
B:The secret of happiness
C:A young waitress
D:An old man in the restaurantThe world has many beautiful sounds. We can hear the songs of birds and the laugh of people. We can listen to cool music and news reports. And it's all because of our ears! They bring us a world of sounds.
But some people can't hear any sound at all. Some are born deaf. Others can hear well in their childhood, nut too many loud sounds hurt their ears later on.
Many people in China can't hear ordinary sounds clearly. Lots of them are children. Most of them are born with good hearing. But six children of every 1,000 have hearing problems when they are born. And if a children has hearing problems, he or she usually will also have some learning problems at school.
A lot of things can cause fearing problems, like, too much _ is not good for our hearing. And noise louder than 85 decibels   can hurt our ears and make us lose our hearing for a short time or even for ever.
Hearing is important for all of us. So we should do our best to give our ears special care. Don't forget to do the following:
* Try to stay away from places with too much noise. If you have to go, wear earplugs.
* When swimming, remember to put earplugs into your ears to stop water from getting in.
* Never put anything sharp into your ears. If you think you have too much earwax, ask your parents to help you clean it out.
Keep these things in mind. _
The question is: Which of the following is NOT talked by the writer?
The possible answers are:
A:Illness and hearing problems.
B:people with hearing problems.
C:Ways to protect our ears.
D:Danger of loud noise.According to a new survey, student safety has become a big problem. Nearly 50% of students say they are worried about robbery  on the way to and from school. Now in many big cities in China, some schools have taught an unusual lesson: self-protection . Students like this lesson because there are no exams or boring classes. And they can learn how to save lives and know how to stop danger before it really happens.
Chen Haoyu, a teacher at Beijing No.25 Middle School and a self-protection expert , gives young students advice on how to deal with danger.
If you are robbed
Keep calm. If you can not cry for help or run away, give the robber your money. Try to
remember what the robber looks like and tell the police later.
If you are in a traffic accident
If a car hurts you, you should remember the car number; if it is a bicycle, try to call your
parents before you let the rider go. This is because you don't know how badly you are hurt.
If it is raining hard and there is lightning 
Don't stay in high places and keep away from trees.
When there is a fire
Get away as fast as you can. Put wet things on your body and try to find an exit  .
Do not take the lift!
If someone is drowning  
If you can't swim, don't get into the water. Cry out for help. Remember that danger is never as far away as you think. Take care of yourself at all times!
The question is: The best title for the passage is  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:How to Keep Calm
B:Self-protection
C:An Unusual Lesson
D:DangerYou may know the English letters A, B and C, but do you know there are people called "ABC"? You may like eating bananas, but do you know there are people called "banana persons"? If you don't know, I will tell you about it. They are some Chinese people like you and me, but they aren't in China. Why do people call them like that?
If we call somebody an ABC person, we mean he or she is a Chinese but was born   in America. Sometimes, people also call them "banana persons". A banana is yellow outside and white inside. So if somebody is a "banana person", he or she is "white" inside and "yellow" outside. By saying that, we mean he or she has yellow skin  but does things in an American way. "Banana persons" were born in America and they live in America for a long time, so they think like Americans and do things like Americans. However, these people still have Chinese blood . Their parents, grandparents or even great-grandparents are from China. They all have black eyes and black hair, so they look like us, Chinese people.
There are many famous "banana persons" in America. They do very well in America and they are really great in their own fields.
The question is: Why do "banana persons" do things like Americans?
The possible answers are:
A:Because they have white skins.
B:Because they have American blood.
C:Because they were born in America and live there for a long time.
D:Because their parents are Americans.My name is Mary. This is my family. These are my parents. Their names are Bill and Grace Brown.Those are my grandparents.Their names are Henry and Linda Brown.This is my uncle.His name is John.That boy is my brother. His name is Tony. This is Susan.She is my uncle's daughter.
The question is: Mary's brother is  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:Susan
B:Tony
C:John
D:BillToday I took Frank to have a training class  . We got there earlier than most of the other dogs and _ .
Mr. Brown helped us teach our dogs some skills  . When the dog did it, he said, "Good dog!" He was a serious man but he laughed a lot with dogs. He said Frank was smarter than other dogs.
Next to Frank was also a smart dog. His name was Sam. His short legs made him look funny, but he could run faster than many of the bigger dogs. His owner was a quiet girl and looked a little shy. So I said hello to her first. I hoped she could be my friend.
At the end of the class, Mr. Brown told me that Frank did the best this class and he would give him a ball.
The question is: Who is Frank?
The possible answers are:
A:He's a dog.
B:She's a shy girl.
C:He's a quiet boy.
D:She's a teacher.Articles wanted
School life
Articles should be typewritten  and double spaced, using only side of the page.
Your name, year of birth, school name (and English teacher), home address and e-mail address must be included.
For photos, place the information on the back of each envelope: PLEASE DON'T FOLD.
Please keep copies of your text, pictures or photos.
The sentence MUST BE WRITTEN with your name on each work, "I promise the above work is completely original ."
If your article is chosen, you will receive a copy of School Life and a special gift.
SEND IT ALL SUMMER!
For more information, please contact us!
Tel: (02) 92136116(02) 92674363
E-mail: schoollife@acpmagazines.com,au
Mail: School Life. Box 5252, Sydney, NSW 200
The question is: What is required for the articles wanted according to the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:They must be fully created by the writers themselves.
B:They must be typed in single space and on both sides.
C:They must be provided with photos and descriptions.
D:They must be sent with the copies of texts and pictures.Amy is short-sighted, so she wears glasses. But she doesn't wears glasses when she is with her fried, Jack. When Jack comes to her house to take her out, she takes her glasses off. When she gets bake ,she puts on the glasses.
One day, Amy's mother asks her ,"Why don't you wear your glasses when you are with Jack? He takes you to see many ;lovely places in his car, but you can't see anything clearly."Amy says, "He thinks I look more lovely when I'm not wearing my glasses and I think he looks better, too."
The question is: Amy doesn't wears glasses when  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:she studies at school
B:she is at home
C:she goes shopping with her mother
D:she is with JackIt was 12:45 pm on January 2, 2007. 50-year-old Wesley Autrey was waiting for the train at a subway station in New York. His two daughters, aged four and six, were with him.
Suddenly, a sick man fell down on the platform  . The man, 20-year-old Cameron Hollopeter, got up, but then fell again--this time, onto the track between the two rails  . A train was coming into the station. It was a frightening moment.
But Mr Autrey wasn't frightened. He looked at the man and the space that the man was in. It was about half a meter deep. And he thought, "The train is going to travel over this man. If he tries to get up, the train will kill him. But if he lies on the ground and doesn't move, he'll be OK." So he got an idea.
He jumped down and kept Mr Hollopeter down on the ground. The train driver saw them. He was terrified, but he couldn't stop in time. The train traveled over the two men before it stopped.
The people on the platform were surprised. When Mr Autrey heard them screaming, he shouted, "We're OK down here, but I've got two daughters up there. Let them know their father is OK."
In an interview on a TV show, Mr Autrey said, "The only thing that happened to me was my blue hat got dirty."
The question is: Which of the following is TRUE?
The possible answers are:
A:Mr Autrey was so frightened when he saw what had happened.
B:Mr Autrey thought the space that the man was in was about one meter deep.
C:The train driver saw the two men but he couldn't stop the train in time.
D:Mr Autrey and Mr Hollopeter were both taken to a hospital.GEOGRAPHICNews Video Photogaphy The Magazine Environment Travel Adventure Television
Main Stories
Controlling the Mekong
The 5000km long Mekong River provides China with fresh when it flows and electricity when it's dammed.
Dolphin Intelligence
300 of these social animals have been studied for over 30 years by Dr. Denise Herzing.Find out what she discovered about dolphin communication and what dolphins say.
A Day In New York
It was once a city that people scared. Now tourists are visiting New York each year. Join Robert Jones as he explores just what the Big Apple has to offer and what interesting activities can be done in a day.
Photography
The Magic of Night Markets
All around the world, street markets come to life at night.While people can shop for T-shirts and toys, the real attraction is the different kinds of food that somehow become even more delicious after dark.
Visions of Earth
Look through visions of the world as seen through photographers' eyes.
Amazing Amazon
Incredible images of the wildlife of the Amazon rainforest.
Most Read This Week
1.Top Danger for Lions-Hunting
2.A Day in New York
3.Photo of the Day Best of May
4.Making the Picture You Want
5.Photos That Take You to Mexico
6.The Week's Best Space Picture
Special Offer. Order Today!
Print and Electronic Delivery. Just $25 a year for 12 copies.Orders outside the USA must add 20%
The question is: What is true about New York according to the website?
The possible answers are:
A:People are now afraid to visit.
B:Millions of tourists go there.
C:It has some new activities.
D:It offers many big apples.Abraham Lincoln, President of the United States, was not very handsome, and he knew he was not.
One day, Lincoln was walking on the road when he was stopped by an ugly man .The man had a gun in his hand. He took aim   at Lincoln's nose. Lincoln was very surprised, but he pretended  not to be afraid. He asked the man, "What do you want, sir?""I've promised myself," said the man, "if I find a man who is uglier than I, I'll kill him." Then Lincoln looked at the man's face carefully and then said, "Please take aim at me, sir. If I were uglier than you are, I would not want to live." The man looked at Lincoln again, after a minute, he said, "You are right!" And he went away.
The question is: The man wanted to kill Lincoln because he   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:wanted to be the ugliest man
B:was from the south
C:was a slave   owner
D:was against himThe Christmas Eve meal is very important in most European countries. While other Christian families around the world celebrate this great meal with different kinds of meat, it is a tradition for Italians to eat seven different kinds of fish. Such a meal is called the "Feast of the Seven Fishes". It's also considered traditional that there may be nine, eleven, or even thirteen fishes for the meal. This kind of celebration is held to remember the birth of the baby Jesus.
The Feast of the Seven Fishes was held just by southern Italians as a custom at first, but today Italians all over the world hold it. Although the Feast of the Seven Fishes has been regarded as an Italian custom, no one _ knows the meaning of it. There are lots of explanations for it. Some people believe that seven fishes are served because it took God seven days to create the world. Other explanations mention the Seven Hills of Rome.
For the Feast of the Seven Fishes, it's not certain that which kinds of fish should be served. At the Feast of the Seven Fishes, the meal usually begins with antipasto   and ends with delicious desserts.
The Feast of the Seven Fishes has been a tradition since ancient times, and it will continue or even change as life changes. However, for Italians all over the world, the cultural meaning of the tradition is more important than anything else.
The question is: Which of the following is NOT true about the Feast of the Seven Fishes?
The possible answers are:
A:It began from ancient times.
B:The number of the fish for it has already changed now.
C:There are clear requirements for the kinds of fish for it.
D:To Italians, the cultural meaning of it is more important than anything else.Attention! Students ! Beach party comes ! We are going to have an outdoor party at the National Park on July 15.
Activities: 1. Ride bikes from the Student Center to the beach.
2. A picnic on the beach.
3. Swimming and sailing contests. 
What to bring: sun cream, sunglasses, hats, swimsuits, hiking shoes and personal items.
Deadline for signing up : Sunday, July 8
Fee: 200 per person.
Meet at the Student Center at 10:00 am, July 15
P. S:All the food will be offered by the Students' Union.
The question is: Where do you usually find a poster like this?
The possible answers are:
A:On the beach
B:In a bookstore
C:In a school
D:In a parkDear Abby,
I'm a helpless mother.My son Tom is 15 years old.I find that the older he grows,the less we talk.I feel very sad and I really need help.
My first problem is about his hobbies.He spends almost all his spare time on computer games.When he gets home.he always turns on the computer and closes the door.I'm getting worried about him,especially when his English teacher tells me he always gets low marks in the English exams.
Second,he likes new technology,but I don't have enough money and I can't afford all the things he wants.
Recently,I've found that he is always alone.I've never seen him talking to his friends on the phone or going out with anyone on weekends.That is the last problem I have.
What should I do to help him?Please give me some advice.
A helpless mother
The question is: From the passage we know that Tom's mother  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:is not worried about Tom
B:feels very happy
C:is not rich
D:likes new technologyOn a hot summer day, ice-cold watermelons serve up a delicious treat. Sure, the rosy flesh   quenches your thirst  . But now there are more reasons than ever for people to reach for a slice of watermelon.
Meet Dr Alison Edwards. She is a scientist at the Agricultural Research Service. Scientists are people who come up with new ideas called theories  . They usually do scientific research to test their new theories. That's how they find out if a new idea is a good one, or if the new idea will bring an even better idea.
At her lab, Dr Edwards recently learned more about the secrets of why watermelons are good for you!
Dr Edwards has known for a long time that watermelons have vitamin C. But recently she learned that watermelons also have lycopene  . It is something that gives tomatoes and watermelons their rosy red colour.
What's so special about the lycopene in watermelons?
Dr Edwards says that watermelons and tomatoes both have lots of lycopene. It seems that your body can use the lycopene from watermelons more easily than the lycopene from raw   tomatoes. In fact, the lycopene from tomatoes is more easily absorbed   inside your body once they have been cooked.
The question is: How does a scientist usually test a theory?
The possible answers are:
A:By practising it in daily life.
B:By doing scientific research.
C:By discussing it with other scientists.
D:By looking into many scientific reports.I am my mother's third girl. When I was born, the doctor gently explained to my mother that my left arm was missing, below the elbow(,). Then he gave her some advice, "Don't treat her any differently from other girls." And she did!
There were five girls in our family and we all had to help out. Once when I was about seven, I came out of the kitchen, "Mum, I can't peel potatoes. I only have one hand." "You get back to peel potatoes, and don't ever use that as an excuse for anything again!"
Of course I could peel potatoes--with my good hand and my other arm. "Jenny, if you try hard enough," she said, "you can do anything."
Once in the second grade, our teacher had each of us race across the monkey bar . When it was my turn, I said no. some kids laughed. I went home crying.
The next afternoon Mum took me back to the school playground. "Now, pull up with your right arm," she advised. She praised  me when I made progress. I'll never forget when I was crossing the bar, the kids were standing there with their mouths open.
It was the way with everything. Mum had the courage  to face anything. and she taught me I could, too.
The question is: What does the doctor's advice mean?
The possible answers are:
A:My arm could be all right soon.
B:The other girls had the same arms as me.
C:My mom should look after me differently.
D:My mum could treat me the same as others.This is a song, and millions of  Americans will hear it on New Year's Eve. It is called "Auld Lang Syne" (<<>> ). It is the traditional music played during New Year's celebration. "Auld Lang Syne" is an old Scottish poem. It tells about the need to remember old friends.
The words "auld lang syne" mean "old long since". No one knows who wrote the poem first.
However, a version by Scottish poet Robert Burns was published in 1796. The words and music we know today first appeared in a song book three years later.
The song is played in the United States mainly on New Year's Eve. The version you are hearing today is by the Washington Saxophone Quartet. One of the 4 musicians in the group is VOA's Rich Kainfaite. As we end our programme with "Auld Lang Syne",I would like to wish all of our radio friends a very happy New Year! This is Buddy Thomas.
The question is: When is "Auld Lang Syne" mainly played in the USA according to the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:On New Year's Eve.
B:On Christmas Eve.
C:On weekends.
D:On holidays.April 22 is Earth Day. Everyone on Earth should care about and protect the earth!
The earth has warmed by about 1degF   over the past 100 years, but why and how?
Well, scientists are not quite sure. Maybe the earth gets warmer and warmer on its own. But many scientists say that people are doing many things which makes the earth warmer.
First, greenhouse effect   is a very important reason for the change of the earth. People give out too much energy into the air every year. It makes the earth warmer. Climate   change is another important reason. Sometimes it becomes too hot and sometimes too cold. Sometimes there is too much rain and sometimes too little. The change of the climate makes the earth warmer. In turn, the warmth of the earth changes the climate, too.
When the earth becomes warmer, there may be more rain and a rise in sea level. It will affect the growth of plants, animals and people. On a Pacific island, 100 people have to move to higher ground because the sea is rising. These people can no longer live on the coast. Before that, two islands without people went underwater in 1999. Scientists say that the seas can rise by nearly one metre by 2100.
People can affect the earth's air, land and water. As for us, we can do many things to protect the earth. For example, we can use fridges less. We can tell more people about protecting the earth.
The question is: Greenhouse effect comes from  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:sea rising
B:climate change
C:nature's unbalance
D:people's activityOnce a baby cries, the parents will go to see what happened as soon as possible. According to a new study, a baby's cry can make adults react  very quickly, even if they are not related.
Oxford University researchers used the classic game whack-a-mole for the study.  Whack-a-mole  requires people to hit one of nine buttons  . The players must react as quickly as they can to whichever of the buttons lights up at random . It is a game that requires speed and accuracy ( ).
The study included 40 men and women volunteers aged 19 to 59. Some of them had sons or daughters but none had a baby at the time. They played whack-a-mole after listening to different sounds, including babies crying, the crying of adults in trouble and birdsong played at a similar pitch to the babies' cries.
The volunteers' scores were higher after listening to the sound of crying babies. Men and women had similar scores overall. The results showed that a crying baby gets special attention.
"Few sounds make people react quite like the cry of a baby," said Morten Kringelbach of Oxford's psychiatry  department, who led the study. "For example, it's almost impossible to ignore(,) crying babies on planes. This is true even though there are so many other noises around."
He added that a baby's cry can increase adults' heart rate and blood pressure. This is understandable, because in the course of human evolution  , taking care of babies has always been an important job for adults. When a baby is hungry or feeling bored or unwell, it will cry. As a result, human brains and bodies develop a special reaction to a baby's cry.
The question is: "Whack-a-mole" requires people to hit   _   at a time.
The possible answers are:
A:one button
B:one of nine buttons
C:nine buttons
D:ten buttonsRobert went to visit his friends in Paris last weekend.His friends met him at the airport on Friday afternoon and drove him to the hotel.They ate dinner at a Chinese restaurant and went to see a film after that.
Robert and his friends set out early on Saturday morning for a farm and stayed there until Sunday morning.During their stay,they played football in the field and enjoyed a big meal around a camp fire ,singing and dancing till late into the night.
Nobody could get up early on Sunday morning.So when they got back to Paris,it was about three o'clock in the afternoon.They drove right to the airport because Robert didn't want to miss his plane back home.Robert only stayed in Paris for two nights but he had a great time with his friends.
The question is: What time did they get back to Paris?
The possible answers are:
A:About 5:00 am.
B:About 5:00 pm.
C:About 3:00 am.
D:About 3:00 pm.Not long ago, I opened an interesting e-mail from Jennifer, a friend of mine. "I've realized I want to be around people who make me happy," she wrote, "I've been seeing how I feel after communicating with different people and making a mental list of who I feel good about. And you're on my list."
Then she invited me -- and 11 other women-- to a "Movie Night" to be held every six weeks at her house. We'd chat, eat, and watch feel-good movies. She made it clear in her invitation that there was no stress to show up to all or any movie nights. Wonderful! I e-mailed her back immediately. I was in.
Later, Jennifer told me she had some puzzled reactions to her invitation. Though all the women were willing to join, some said they didn't see themselves as cheerful people. "I've told them they didn't have to be cheerful around me all the time. I invited them because they made me feel happy," she says.
Research shows that gatherings such as Jennifer's _ . In a US study, researchers measured  the happiness of 4739 people at regular intervals   over 20 years. The study found that a person's happiness depends on  the happiness of people they connect with. Amazingly, it also found that happiness spreads not only between direct friends, but also among friends of your friends' friends! And those good feelings seem to be the most contagious   among friends of the same sex.
"People with more supportive friends are less likely to develop sadness," says Dr Toupey Luft, a psychologist in Penticyon, British Columbia. "Though you can't choose your family or workmates, you do have control over friendships." With a little effort, you can add more positive  relationships to your social circle. Here's how...
The question is: What kind of things can you do on Jennifer's movie night?
The possible answers are:
A:Gathering and measuring happiness among friends.
B:Chatting, eating and watching feel-good movies.
C:Being cheerful all the time.
D:Showing up stress.The hottest place in the world is the Sahara Desert in Africa. But there are deserts in many other places: in America, in Asia and in Australia. In 1917 the temperature in Death Valley, in the United States, was over 48degC every day for six weeks. That's very hot!
But deserts are not always hot. After dark, deserts are very cold.
Not many animals and plants can live in a desert, because it doesn't rain very often. But one animal likes the desert -- the camel. It has big feet to walk on the sand. It can live for a long time without water. Sometimes it doesn't drink anything for weeks -- so it gets very thirsty! When it finds water it can drink 100 liters  at a time.
The question is: What's the weather like in a desert?
The possible answers are:
A:Always hot.
B:Always cold
C:Warm and wind
D:Hot in the daytime, cold in the nightPaul and I live in the same building. His room is on the sixth floor but mine is on the fifth. He's very careless and sometimes he gets into trouble.
Last Friday afternoon the young man and his friends went to spend the weekend on a wild island. They could swim, fish, play the guitar and sleep in the quiet place at night. They enjoyed themselves there. On the third morning they decided to get back to the land. But their boat hit a rock and soon went down. With the villager's help, they swam to the bank. Luckily none of them was hurt. They took a taxi and half an hour later they arrived at our town, but it was two in the night. The young man was hungry and thirsty. He wished to get home as soon as possible. Something was wrong with the lift, so he had to go up the stairs. He stopped by my door and brought out a key. Of course he could not open the door. Half an hour passed but he failed. He became angry and shouted, "I'll cut you down with a knife!"
The noise woke me up and I opened the door. I understood at once what was happening and said, "You're trying to open a wrong door, Paul!"
"Sorry, I can't agree with you, Charlie!" said the young man, "It's my room. You've entered it by mistake!"
The question is: Paul and his friends enjoyed themselves on the island because   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:It was very quiet there
B:there were many fish there
C:they could forget all the trouble
D:they could do what they wantedA Hard-working Student
This story is about a young student. She worked very hard at her lessons. She was too busy to have a rest. At last, she became ill, and couldn't go to sleep. Every night, when she went to bed, she closed her eyes and tried to sleep. But the more she tried, the more she stayed _ .
After a while she went to see a doctor, "I just can't go to sleep at night. What should I do?" "I have a suggestion  ," said the doctor, "Try counting numbers. By the time you reach one thousand, you will be asleep. I'm sure of it."
The next day the student returned to the doctor's office. "Well," said the doctor, "How are you today? Did you try my suggestion?" The student still looked tired. "Yes," she said, "I tried counting one, two, three...up to one thousand. But when I reached five hundred and sixty-nine, I began to feel sleepy. I had to get up and drink some coffee so that   I could go on counting up to one thousand. But then I still couldn't fall asleep."
,.
The question is: What did the doctor ask the young student to do while she was lying in bed?
The possible answers are:
A:To take some medicine.
B:To count numbers while she was lying in bed.
C:To count numbers before she went to bed.
D:To read some books on the bed.Rocky Hurt and Ethan Wilson were playing football in their front yard in Marietta. Suddenly a woman they had never met ran out of her house shouting to them to call an ambulance. That woman was Susanna Rohm. Her 12-week-old baby seemed to stop breathing. She was so scared that she couldn't find her cell phone. so she had decided to rush outside to ask for help.
After getting their parents to make the call, the two boys followed their mother to see if they could do anything to help. And help they did! As Susanna was trying to do CPR  on her baby. Young Rocky came in and told her she was doing it all wrong. Instead he asked her to use two fingers, push on the chest 5-10 times. tilt( ) the baby's head. plug  the nose and then do a mouth-to-mouth resuscitation ( ) by breathing into the baby's mouth.
Luckily for him and the baby. Susanna accepted his advice for even a second and came a loud cry from the baby. Soon the doctors came and the baby was sent to hospital.
The most amazing part of this story is that neither boy has attended a CPR class. Instead. They learned it all by carefully reading the posters on the walk of their school hall. And, while they are now being called as heroes and even interviewed on national television .neither really cares. They are just glad to have saved the baby's life! "Thanks to the posters on the walls, they could save the kid! "Their teacher said to the reporter proudly.
The question is: How did Rocky and Ethan learn CPR?
The possible answers are:
A:They used to go to the hospital to learn from the doctors.
B:They often listened to the radio and kept it in their minds.
C:They usually watched the medical care programmers on TV
D:They read the posters about it on the walls of their school.A man made a nice talking machine .It could weigh people's weight .The man wanted to try the machine before he could make a lot of machines. He put the machine into the waiting room of a station .There were always lots of people in and out .
The first one who used the machine was an Indian woman. She stood on the machine, the machine thought for a few seconds to decide which language to speak .
"Good morning ,Madam ."it said in Indian . "Your weight is 72 kilograms .That's three kilograms more .If you eat more fruit and vegetables ,you will be soon all right .Please have a nice day ."
The second one to use the machine was a Chinese girl .She stood on the machine and waited to hear her weight.
" Good morning ,Miss ."the machine said in Chinese ."Your weight is 45 kilograms .It's all right for your age. Keep eating what you eat every day .Please have a nice day."
The third one to use the machine was a very fat American woman. She thought for a long time to stand on the machine.
The machine spoke quickly in English "Good morning .Will one of  you get off?"
The question is: The machine said to a Chinese girl that she_.
The possible answers are:
A:should eat more
B:should eat less
C:had to eat more fruit
D:kept herself healthyDear Mike,
Thanks for your family photo. This is a photo of my family. I have a happy family. There are five people  in my family. They are my grandmother, my parents, my sister and I. The old  woman  is my grandmother. The man  is my father. His name is David. He is a teacher. And what about the woman? She is my mother. Her name is Linda. She is very nice. Look at the girl. That's my sister. She is in a middle school. Her name is Lucy.Do you know the boy ? It's me.
Yours,                                                        Tony
The question is: What's the name of the boy?
The possible answers are:
A:Tony.
B:Mike.
C:David.
D:BobSanti's big brother Len had told him never to push all the remote control buttons at the same time. He said that something terrible would happen if he did. Santi didn't really believe this. While Len was out of the room, Santi jumped down on the sofa with the remote control in his hand. For a while, he changed from channel to channel, looking for something interesting to watch. Bored, Santi decided to see what Len could have meant.
With a quick glance  over his shoulder to make sure Len hadn't come back,he pushed all the buttons at once. Santi saw a bright flash,and he dropped the remote control. "I've broken it,"he thought. "Now I'm in trouble!" As he looked around for the remote control,he realized he was in more trouble than he'd thought. He was suddenly only the size of a mouse.
"Oh,no!"Santi shouted. He had to find his parents quickly. Carefully, he climbed down the side of the huge sofa and hurried across the floor. In the kitchen, Santi could see that the sliding door  had been left open. "If the door is open, then the cat might be in here," tiny Santi said.
Just then, Santi and the cat saw each other. Santi ran for the door, the cat closing in quickly behind him. Just as the cat reached out to attack Santi, it slipped  on some water and slid across the kitchen floor. Out of breath, Santi hid behind a flowerpot in the corridor. He could see his mum far away in the garden. "How will I ever get there?" he wondered. As he looked out from behind the flowerpot, there was the huge cat looking right at him! Santi rushed for the garden and then..., he woke up. "It was only a dream!" he said with a relieved smile. "Thank goodness!"
The question is: Santi thought the cat might be in the kitchen because   _
The possible answers are:
A:he heard a moving sound
B:the cat liked the kitchen
C:the sliding door was open
D:he saw the cat came into itDear Dr. Smith,
My mom always keeps asking me, "What's going on?" If I want to go to a concert, she asks who I will go with. I think that's my own business . Sometimes it looks like she doesn't trust me. It makes me very sad. How can I get her to stop?
Dear Katie,
Many young people have the same problem as you. If you don't talk much with your parents, they might feel they need to ask you questions to know about your life. It seems to you that your mom is getting into your business, but I think she's just trying to keep a close relationship with you. In fact, some experts often tell parents to stay close to their kids by asking them about what's going on in their life.
Some parents do this better than others, of course. But, unluckily, some parents ask questions because they don't trust their kids. So start by trying to trust your mom. She is probably just trying to stay close to you because she loves and cares about you. You can have a talk with her about it.
Of course, that doesn't make the questions less boring. If you're tired of so many questions, tell your mom about your feelings the day before she asks. If you _ more information, conversations with your mom won't seem like she's just asking you too many questions!
If you do this, I'm sure you can get on well with your mom.
Dr. Smith
The question is: Katie's problem is that  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:she is sad about the person at the concert
B:she doesn't like or care about her mother
C:her mother always asks her lots of questions
D:her mother doesn't want her to make new friendsIn front of my daughter, Shelly, was a bowl filled with cabbage. She hated cabbage. She only sat there in silence with tears in her eyes.
"Shelly, my dear, why don't you eat a little? If not, your mum will shout at us."
Shelly didn't feel happy. "OK, dad. I will eat, just a little." Then Shelly said, "Dad, if I eat it all, will you give me what I want?"
"Yes."
Slowly she began to eat. It took her almost half an hour to finish all the food in the bowl. Then she came up to me and said, "Dad, I want to have my hair cut off!"
"Shelly, why don't you ask for something else? If we see your head like that, we'll feel very sad," I said.
"But Dad, you promised! Now you're going back on your words. "
I had to keep my promise. Shelly had all her hair cut off. She smiled.
On Monday morning, I took Shelly to school. Just when I arrived, a boy got out of a car and shouted, "Shelly, please wait for me!"
Guess what? The boy had no hair, either.
"Sir, your daughter is great!" a man got out of the car and said, "This boy is my son, Harish. He has cancer. He lost his hair when he got ill. Shelly cut hers off so Harish felt less different. She is a special girl."
I stood for a while, "My little daughter, you teach me how selfless real love is!"
The question is: By cutting off her hair, Shelly only meant   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:to tell people she was selfless
B:to become more different
C:to look more special and beautiful
D:to show her care and love for HarishThere is a new park near Andy's home. It's fine today. Andy and his family are in the park now. On their left, there is a cafe. On their right, there is a big lake. There are many flowers and trees around the lake. There's a small hill behind the lake. Near the lake, there are two signs. One says, "Don't swim in the lake!" The other says, "No fishing!" But you can go boating on the lake. There is a beautiful garden in the middle of the park. There are green grass and beautiful flowers in it. There are some small shops between the lake and the garden. The park is so nice. Andy and his family like it very much.
The question is: The park near Andy's home is  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:new and beautiful
B:old and beautiful
C:clean and new
D:old and cleanAfter Mr. and Ms. Smith spent a happy morning at the zoo with Joe, their four-year-old grandson, they stopped at a restaurant and then went into it for lunch. When the waiter passed them some menus,Mr. Smith reached into his pocket for his glasses. He was disappointed   to find that they were lost. "I know where your glasses are, Grandpa, " said the grandson.
"Where?" asked Mr. Smith happily.
"They are at the zoo." Joe answered. "When you took me off the train near the elephants,they fell out of your pocket."
Mr.Smith was a little angry and he asked,"Joe,if you saw my glasses fall out of my shirt, why didn't you tell me?"
"Well,Grandpa," said Joe, "after you put your foot on them, I didn't think you wanted them any more."
The question is: Which of the following is TRUE?
The possible answers are:
A:Joe didn't know where his grandpa's glasses were.
B:Mr. Smith didn't get his glasses back at last.
C:Mr. Smith got his glasses back at last.
D:Mr. Smith was glad with what his grandson did.The Spring  Festival  is the biggest  festival  for Chinese people all around the world.. The  celebration  usually lasts for 15 days. There is a lot to do.
On the eve of the Spring Festival, family members get together and have big meals. Their favourite dish on this day is dumplings.
Days before the Spring Festival, families will clean their homes. People think cleaning sweeps away bad luck. It makes the house ready for good luck.
The colour red is everywhere during the Spring Festival. People think red is a happy colour and will bring them a bright future. People wear red, too. They decorate   their homes with pieces of red paper. Kids get a lot of "hong bao". It is a red paper bag with money in it. Usually, older people give younger ones hong bao. They think it brings good luck.
The Spring Festival is the time to make everybody happy. So don't say any bad words or do anything that will bring unhappiness to other people.
For instance, you'd better not say any bad words like "death". Don't break anything. People think that it means your luck is _ 
Also, don't borrow or lend money on these days. If you have borrowed money, return it before the Spring Festival.
,:
The question is: Which of the following things is not supposed to happen during the Spring Festival?
The possible answers are:
A:Returning money before the Spring Festival.
B:Saying words that have to do with death.
C:Wearing red clothes.
D:Decorating houses with red paper.Cause and effect is one way to explain things that happen around us. Many things happen because something caused or influenced them to happen. Sometimes it is hard to look at a cause and find out what caused or influenced them to happen. Sometimes it is hard to look at a cause and find out what causes the effect. It may help you to start with the effect and use your reasoning  skills. Think about all the things you know that could be reasons for the effect you can see.
For example, you may see someone putting on a heavy jacket. This is the effect. To look for a cause, think to yourself, "What would take someone put on a heavy jacket?" Maybe the person is going outside into very cold weather. Maybe the person works in the penguin pen  at Sea World. Maybe the person is going to visit an ice skating rink where the air is kept very cold. All of these things could be a cause for putting on a heavy jacket.
Now, think about a second example. The effect is a boy named Abi has to go to the head teacher's office. What are the possible causes? Maybe he bullied  another student. Maybe he is just being picked up early. Maybe he is being given a prize!
Here is another example for you to think about its cause and effect. Cait, 13, was trying to fall asleep when her 8-year-old brother, Doug, came into her room. He looked around a bit, but seemed really out of it. Then Doug went back into the hallway and stood there looking straight up at the hall light for quite a while. Little brothers can be very strange, but this was really much too strange. Cait's father appeared and explained that Doug was sleepwalking. What's the cause end effect, could you tell?
,.
The question is: What is the best title for the next?
The possible answers are:
A:Truth and lies
B:Work and sleep
C:Cause and effect
D:Life and dreamsJames got up at five to seven. His parents and his little twin sisters went traveling in France and he had to look after himself at home. He opened the fridge, but he found only two hamburgers in it. He decided to have breakfast in the restaurant at the other side of the street. He sat at a table and the waiter came up and said, "Can I take your order , James?"
"But you don't show your menu to me, Mr. Hunt," said the boy.
"Oh, sorry! I forget it. Here it is."
James looked at the menu carefully. It was:
Bread $1.30 Sandwich $1.80 Hamburger $2.40
Pizza $2.40Egg $0.30 Milk $0.50
Coffee $0.70 Coke $0.30
James brought out his wallet and found there was only 6.50 dollars in it.
"Well," said Mr. Hunt. "What about a hamburger, a pizza, two eggs and a glass of coke?"
"Oh, no," said the boy. "I'll buy a picture-book this afternoon. It's 1.50 dollars."
"I see," said the waiter. And then he brought the boy a nice breakfast.
The question is: At last James had   _   for his breakfast.
The possible answers are:
A:two eggs, a hamburger, a piece of bread and a glass of coffee
B:two eggs, two pizzas, a piece of bread and a glass of coffee
C:two eggs, two hamburgers, a piece of bread and a glass of coke
D:one egg, a pizza, two sandwiches and a glass of coffeeMr. and Mrs. Long had one daughter. Her name was Lena. She was eighteen years old. Lena lived with her parents and worked in an office. She had some friends, but she didn't like any of the boys very much.
One day she met a very nice man. He was young. His name was Watts and he worked in a post office. They became friends and he came to Lena's parents house twice. Last week Lena said to her father, "I'm going to marry  Watts, Daddy. He was here yesterday."
"Oh, yes." her father answered. "He's a nice boy, but has he got much money?"
"Oh, no, both of you are the same," the daughter answered angrily. I met Watts on the first day of June and the next day he asked me, "Has your father got much money?"
The question is: Lena had a few friends before she came to know Watts, but she   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:liked no one very much
B:like all of them
C:didn't know their names
D:didn't talk to them about their workThelma was such a life-loving and easy-going person that she was always full of energy and never felt sad. When she was at the age of 75, her husband passed away. Her children were afraid she was lonely and suggested that she move to a "Senior living community ". Thelma thought that was a good idea and decided to do so.
Shortly after moving in, Thelma became many activities' director. She loved to organize all kinds of things for the people in the community. So quickly she became very popular and made many friends.
When Thelma turned 80, her new friends showed their appreciation  by throwing a surprise birthday party for her. When Thelma entered the dining room for dinner that night, she was greeted by a standing ovation   and one of _ led her to the head table. The night was filled with laughter and entertainment, but throughout the evening, Thelma could not take her eyes off a gentleman sitting at the other end of the table.
When the party ended, Thelma quickly rose from her seat and rushed over to the man "Pardon me," Thelma said, "Please forgive me if I made you feel uncomfortable by _ at you all night. I just couldn't help myself from looking your way. You see, you look just like my fifth husband."
"Your fifth husband!" replied the gentleman. "Forgive me for asking, but how many times have you been married? "
With that, a smile appeared on Thelma's face as she replied, "Four."
They were married shortly after that.
The question is: How many times had Thelma been married at last?
The possible answers are:
A:Three.
B:Four.
C:Five.
D:Six.Characters: Sandy, Rose, Jane, Justin, Mrs. Lin
Setting: A middle school
Rose:   Sandy, follow me after class.
(They go to the office together.)
Rose:   You are often absent and your grades are not as good as before. What's happened to you?
Sandy:   No, it's nothing. Thanks for your care.
Rose:  Are you sure? Anyway, if you have any problem, tell me.
(After school, Sandy and Jane are on the way home .)
Jane:  Sandy, I called you yesterday. Your mother told me that you had a part-time job. What's the matter with you?We have to study hard during this year before we take the entrance examination. This year is very important to us.
Sandy:  (Crying) My father has lost his job, and we have no money to pay all the spending.
Jane:  Oh, Sandy, Don't worry. I will help you.
(After the day, Jane decides to tell Rose about Sandy's problem.)
Jane:  Rose, I have to tell you something about Sandy.
Rose:  Jane, you are Sandy's good friend. Do you know what's wrong with Sandy?
Jane:  Eh...I hear that Sandy's father has lost his job, and Sandy has a part-time job...
Rose:  OK, I understand.
(Rose is in the social worker's office)
Rose:  ...I've told you everything about Sandy.
Justin:  I see. I'll manage it as soon as I can.
(In Sandy's home, Mrs. Lin is ill in bed)
Justin:  Mrs. Lin, I understand your feeling, but it's her time to study hard to enter a good senior high school, she can't do a part-time job after class.
Mrs. Lin: I know what you want to tell me. But, in fact, her father hasn't found a job and I ...(Crying) I've been ill in bed several years!
Justin: Don't worry. I can introduce some work I know to her father.
Mrs. Lin: Thank you very much.
The question is: Who is Justin in the play?
The possible answers are:
A:The teacher.
B:Sandy's classmate.
C:The social worker.
D:Sand's father.A man was looking for things of old times.One day he came to a village and found a blue bowl which looked very old.The bowl was on the ground and a cat was drinking milk from it.A farmer,the owner of the cat.was lying beside the bowl.In order not to draw the farmer's attention   to the value   of the bowl,the man said to him in a soft voice,"What a nice cat you have! Won't you sell it to me?"
"How much would you give me for it?" the farmer opened his eyes and asked.
"Twenty dollars. Would it be enough?"
A few minutes later,the farmer agreed.After he paid the farmer,the man said,"My cat will feel thirsty.May I take the bowl so that the cat can have milk?" But the farmer said, "I'm sorry I can't give it to you.Thanks to the bowl,I can sell twenty cats."
The question is: From the story we can see that the farmer  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:had only one bowl
B:was very poor
C:didn't like cats
D:was very cleverIf you love reading books, you must know about the book The Little Prince. It's a famous novel written by a French writer. As one of the best-selling books in history, it has been sold as many as 200 million copies in 253 languages and dialects . Now, around seventy years after the birth of the book, an American director has found a way to make it into a 3D animated film.
The book tells the story of a pilot, called The Aviator, who crashes into the desert and meets a young prince there. However, in the film, the story starts years after the crash when The Aviator is much older. He has got a new neighbor called The Little Girl, whose mother wants her to get ready to enter the grown-up world. Slowly, the Aviator shares his story with The Little Girl by writing it down and sending her a page at a time. The pages are complete with the pictures in the book, speaking about his time in the desert and taking The Little Girl to an amazing world where anything is possible.
China is the first country in the world to see the film in two versions--in Chinese and English. The film shows The Little Girl's life and tells The Little Prince's story at the same time in a beautiful way.
Huang Lei, who voices the film together with his 9-year-old daughter, says the film is like a childhood dream which is lost by most adults in this stressed-out society.
"The most touching part is that every one of us was a good-natured kid like the Little Prince, and it's a pity that this good characteristic goes away as time flies," he says.
,
The question is: According to the passage, which is Huang Lei's opinion?
The possible answers are:
A:He doesn't believe the good characteristic is lost as we grow older in this stressed-out society.
B:He thinks all of us should keep our better nature and never let it disappear.
C:He feels excited because he can see the film in two versions first.
D:He and his daughter voice the film together.Most people want to work, but it has become more difficult in today's world to find work for everyone. The economy   of the world needs to grow by 4% each year just to keep the old number of jobs for people. Often this is not possible, and so more people are out of work. Some people have no jobs now because new machines can do the work of many people in short time. Also, machines do not ask for more money and longer holiday. In all of the countries of the world, machines are taking work from people, not only in factories but also on the farms. One machine can often do the work from forty people. About 75,000 people are moving to the cities a day to look for jobs, but only 70% of them can find jobs.
The question is: If the economy of the world grows by 4% each year,   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:people will have no jobs
B:people can still have jobs as before
C:4% of the people will have jobs
D:97% of the people will have jobsMy name is David Green. I am an English boy. My family are in Beijing. My father and mother work there. I have a sister but no brothers. We have a nice house in Beijing. There is a TV, a radios, a telephone, a computer, two small beds, a big bed and a soccer ball in it. The computer is next to the TV. The telephone is in the big bed. The football is under one of the small beds. I like playing football , but my sister likes watching TV.
The question is: They have a nice house in    _   .
The possible answers are:
A:New York
B:England
C:Jinan
D:BeijingFound:
A black pen is in the library. Is it yours? I am Lucy. E-mail me at lucy556@hotmail.com.
Lost:
I am Anna. I lost my computer game. It is blue. My telephone number is 471-4295. Call me! Thanks!
Lisa,
Is this your dictionary? Your name is on it. I found it in Classroom 6A.
Tom
Found:
I found a ring. It is nice. Please e-mail me at frank996@gmail.com.
Frank
The question is: Tom found a dictionary in    _   .
The possible answers are:
A:Classroom 9A
B:Classroom 8A
C:Classroom 7A
D:Classroom 6AHow many things can you do at the same time? Eating and reading are easy. Reading and playing the violin are difficult. But some people can do many things at the same time. Bob is a one-man _ . In this picture Bob is playing the drums and the guitar with his feet. He is playing the drums and the guitar with his feet. He is playing the cymbals   between his knees and the accordion  with his hands. He's also playing the bells with his hands. What a talented man Bob is!
The question is: Eating and reading at the same time are  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:difficult
B:easy
C:hard
D:excitingBill, Frank and Dave were three brothers. Every year they sent their mother expensive gifts on her birthday,. They liked to show her how rich they were.
The eldest brother. Bill, had a lot of money and he wanted his mother to have the most expensive gifts, but he didn't know what to buy. So he put an ad in the newspaper. "Wanted-the greatest gift for my mother."
About a week before his mother's birthday a man came to his office. He brought a big bird.
"This bird." the man said, "can speak ten languages and sing some pop songs."
"Really?  I'd like to listen to it," Bill said.
The man made the bird talk in French and tell a joke in Japanese. Then the bird sang a beautiful song. Bill was very happy and paid nine thousand dollars for the bird. The next day Bill sent the bird to his mother with a birthday card.
The day after his mother's birthday he called his mother. "Well, mother" he asked, "What do you think of the bird?"
"Oh, it's very delicious, dear." said his mother.
The question is: What did Bill put in the newspaper?
The possible answers are:
A:A show
B:A magazine
C:An ad
D:A reportMost young boys like spending time on things like video games, superhero movies and sports, but Ken, a 9-year-old boy from the Philippines, is spending his free time trying to start an animal shelter  for at-risk dogs.
In February, photos of Ken feeding dogs on the street circled the Internet and immediately attracted many people who wanted to help.  "I feel sorry for the dogs with no owners while other dogs around the world are being pampered ," Ken tells Pet360 in an email. "It really wasn't fair. And they are really thin."
When Ken began feeding the dogs which had health problems, they would not let the boy come close. But after several feedings, the dogs warmed up to Ken and allowed the boy to help them. When animal lovers found out what Ken was doing, donations started to roll in, and Ken and his father were able to start a non-profit  animal shelter called Happy Animals Club. The donations helped three dogs, Blackie, Brownie and White Puppy, receive high-quality canned food and treatment. After two months with Ken at Happy Animals Club, the dogs look like completely different animals and will be adopted  soon.
In May, Ken and his father hiring a 10,000-square-foot lot , where Ken hopes to build a no-kill animal shelter to help more dogs in need. "I want the dogs to have a home, where they can have shelter, eat and have fun," says Ken.
Ken wants to save dogs from the city pound   where most animals are put down. Right now, Ken doesn't have enough money to start the shelter. If you also want to save homeless dogs, you can visit the Happy Animals Club's website and offer some help.
The question is: When animal lovers knew what Ken was doing, they   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:were surprised
B:felt very excited
C:supported him
D:brought dogs to himA 90-year-old tortoise   is going twice its usual speed after being equipped   with a set of wheels. The animal, called Mrs T, was facing a terrible future after losing her two front legs in a mouse attack while she was sleeping in winter, but her owners glued the wheels onto her shell  .
"She's going double the speed she used to," said the owner Jude Ryder, "She uses her back legs to push herself along and seems quite happy."
The 58-year-old owner was surprised when she went to check on her loved pet last month and found her front legs had been eaten in the mouse attack. The local animal doctor tried his best to save Mrs T. But he was afraid that the tortoise would not survive without being mobile. After paying PS1,000 for the treatment, Mrs Ryder turned to her son Dale for help. Dale designed the front wheels and used resin   to add them to the front of the shell. Mrs Ryder said: "She liked them immediately, but she must learn how to turn and stop. She can get a good speed up, much faster than before. Mrs T is still quite young for a tortoise. She could go on for another 50 years. All she needs is a new set of tyres   sometimes."
When Mrs T was sixty years old, she was bought as a pet for Dale, an 8-year-old boy. It liked running happily in Mrs Ryder's garden in spring and summer. When winter came, Mrs T slept in the garden shelter. A mouse got in last month and chewed   off both her front legs. Mrs Ryder said: "We were afraid she would be sure to die, but her new set of wheels have saved her life. She can run in the garden again and we can always find her because she leaves very strange footprints behind wherever she goes."
Mice attacking tortoises is not uncommon around us--in 2013 Britain's oldest tortoise died after a mouse attack. The tortoise called Thomas was 130 when he was bitten at his home in Guernsey. He spent five days on strong antibiotics  , but the wound became so infected   that his owner had no choice but to have him put to sleep.
The question is: What can we learn from the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:Mrs Ryder is able to move much faster than before.
B:Tortoises attacking mice is not uncommon around us.
C:The animal doctor added the front wheels to the shell.
D:Mrs T can go faster after being equipped with wheels.One of Anna's friends has chickenpox . Two days later, Katie has chickenpox. Anna's mother says: " Your best friend has chickenpox . We have to keep an eye on you."
The next evening, Anna finds some red spots  on her face. The next morning, she stays home from school. She can't go to her grandpa's birthday party. She can't go to her soccer practice. She can't go to the supermarket with her mother.Anna cries : " I don't like chickenpox. I miss school. I miss my friends."
Then Anna's mother has an idea.
After lunch, Katie, Mike and Danny come to Anna's home--- all with spots like her. Anna's mother says : " Let's have a chickenpox party!"
All the afternoon, the kids play games. When Anna's friends have to go home,
"See you at school." Katie says.
"Having chickenpox is not so bad." says Danny.
"I know," Anna says with a laugh , " Can we all have chickenpox again next week?"
The question is: first has chickenpox.
The possible answers are:
A:Katie
B:Mike
C:Danny
D:We don't knowDear Alice
You really have two different questions here, so we'll discuss them one at a time. Your problems at school may be a result of a number of things. You don't say much about how these classmates get along with each other. It's possible that all the students are feeling a little cautious  in the first term. It's also possible that the others are unkind. If this is not so, you have to find out why you are the class "outsider".In your letter you say you often offer to help others with their work. Is it possible that your classmates don't understand your offers? Could it seem that you were trying to "buy" friends with these offers, Is it possible that you took no notice of your classmates when you had your good friend near you? They may have felt hurt at that time. It may take a time for them to believe in you if so. Try to ask one classmate directly what the problem is. If you hear a negative  answer, at least you'll know what to do
Yours truly
Shelia
The question is: In the letter Shelia talked about   _  possible reasons for Alice's problems.
The possible answers are:
A:four
B:Six
C:seven
D:eightLast week, my granddaughter started primary school. And I wished her every success. But part of me didn't. I really wanted her to fail in some ways because I believe that failure can be good for us to grow up. Success is that you can do something that you already know you can do, or doing something correctly the first time. First -time success is usually a luck. First-time failure, in fact, is supposed to be the natural order of things. Failure is how we learn.
I make my living by writing articles for a daily newspaper. Each week I thought that the article that I write would be the worst. I try my best every day. A successful article usually means that I am discussing the subjects I know well, writing in the way I am used to or saying the same things as anyone else but in an excellent way.
My younger daughter is a trapeze artist.she spent three years putting together a show, and she did it successfully for years. There was no reason for her to change it but she did anyway. She was afraid to be bored. She met failure when she tried some new ways in her show. But she did his only in order to feed her soul. 
My granddaughter is a perfectionist. She will feel her failures, and I will want to _ her. But I will also, I hope, remind her of what she learned, and how she can do better next time. I hope I can tell her, though, that it's not the end of the world. With luck, it is the beginning.
The question is: the writer develop the article mainly by   _
The possible answers are:
A:giving examples
B:following the time order
C:comparing different ideas
D:presenting the reasons of failureHi! I am Jack. I am thirteen years old. I'm an English boy. Now I'm in China with my parents. I go to a middle school in Tianjin. This is my school day.
I get up at half past six. I go to school at seven o'clock and I go to school in my dad's car. I want to walk to school, but the school is far from my home. I usually eat breakfast in the car. School starts   at half past seven in the morning. We have five lessons in the morning and we have four lessons in the afternoon. I go home at six o'clock. I eat dinner at seven o'clock. I do my homework at half past seven. After that, I play the guitar. I go to bed at nine thirty.
This is my school day. It is happy!
The question is: In his dad's car, Jack usually   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:eats breakfast
B:reads some books
C:listens to music
D:plays computer gamesI watched a little girl playing basketball every day from my bedroom window. One day, I asked her why she practiced so much. She said, "I want to go to college. The only way I can go is to get a scholarship . I like basketball and I want to be the best player in college. My dad told me, "If the dream is big enough, the facts don't count." She never changed her mind. Whenever she was in junior high school or senior high school. One day, before she graduate from senior high school, I saw her sitting on the grass sadly. I asked her what was wrong. She told me that her coach said she was too short to be a good basketball player, so she should stop dreaming about going to college. She was heartbroken and it made me feel bad, too. Then she smiled and told me her father said to her, "If you really want to play for the scholarship of a good college, nothing but yourself can stop your dream." The next year, she and her team went to a big game she was seen by a coach of a famous college team and was offered a scholarship to the women's basketball team of their college. She was getting the college education that she had dreamed of. "If the dream is big enough, the facts don't count." It is true.
The question is: What' s the girl's dream!
The possible answers are:
A:to be a super basketball player
B:to get a scholarship
C:to go to college.
D:to play for NBAIf you usually take the school bus or sometimes need to take public buses to school, there are some important rules you should know.
*When you are waiting for the bus, you should wait at the bus stop, and stand well back.
*When you get off the bus, make sure you and the driver can see each other, and wait for the driver to signal you before you cross the road in front of the bus.
*Never go back for anything you may leave on the bus when it is starting.
*Never bend down near the bus when you walk to or from the bus stop.
*You should cross the street at a crosswalk or a street corner, and wait for the light to turn green or for the WALK crossing signal.
*It is important to look carefully to the left, the right and the left again when you cross the street.
*Remember that it is dangerous to stay in the areas around buses where the driver can't see you. Don't run between parked cars or buses.
*Do not run across the street or through parking areas to catch up with your friends.
The question is: When you are waiting for the bus, you should wait  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:at the bus stop
B:on the street
C:at a crosswalk
D:a street cornerAn interesting experiment   is being done at the Children's Hospital I in    London. Animals, such as dogs, cats, and even horses help sick children to get better.
There are many reasons why this treatment   is important. Dr. Marcus Finch of the Children's Hospital said, "Children and teenagers have many changes as they are growing up. When they have problems, it is not easy for them to open up any talk. However, when they are with a pet animal, they calm down, relax, and smile. Animals do not speak and so they do not criticize  . They listen and they do not stop the children. Children can talk to animals because they can trust them. Animals know how to keep a secret! Also, the children feel needed because they help to feed the animals and look after them."
At the Children's Hospital, you can find children playing with cats, dogs, goats, and riding horses. The doctors just watch and take notes and wonder at the power of pets!
The question is: Pet animals are good with children at the Children's Hospital because   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:they look after the children
B:they make doctors relax
C:they are good listeners
D:they are easy to feelGrace and I are good friends. We get on very well with each other, though sometimes we fight. I remember last year we didn't talk with each other for a long time before Mid-Autumn Day. But when we met each other that day, we became good friends again.
We both study well. We like talking about the problems in our studies.We also like making up  stories.We made one up in English last month. It was called "Magic Sunflower Club".  I think this is a wonderful name.
Grace is tall and active. She does better in  P.E. than me.  She is good at music. She plays the piano so well that sometimes birds come to listen to her.
I'm shorter and quieter than Grace. I know a lot about science. I often have some new ideas. I'm good at math and art. Our teacher says my drawing is getting better and better. If we don't know something very well, we help each other. So we never have any problems.
The question is: Which of the following is TRUE?
The possible answers are:
A:The writer never fights with Grace.
B:When Grace has problems in her studies, she asks the teacher.
C:The writer is not as tall as Grace.
D:The teacher doesn't think the writer is improving in her drawing.On Saturdays, most people are busy shopping. Some of them go to the shops, and some go to the supermarkets. But in American, most shoppers enjoy shopping in the shopping malls.
A mall is a group of many shops. There you can buy clothes, furniture, and everything you need. Shopping malls provide parking for your cars. Usually, the mall is under one roof so the shoppers do not get cold or wet from rain, wind, or snow.
After shopping, you may get tired. You can walk into the sitting-room for a short rest. If you go into the dinning rooms in the malls, you can have a good meal. Now more and more Americans like to go shopping there.
The question is: In America, Most people enjoy shopping in   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:supermarkets
B:shops
C:streets
D:mallsWhat would you do if you had an accident in your daily life?
It is important for you to get some knowledge about first aid in your daily life. If a person has an accident, he / she needs medical care before a doctor can be found. When you give first aid, you must know three things:
First, when a person stops breathing  , open his / her mouth to see if there is food in his / her mouth. Second, if a person cannot breathe, try to start his / her breathing at once, using a mouth-to-mouth way. Third, if a person is hurt badly, try to stop the bleeding   at once. And then take him / her to a doctor, because if a person loses one third of his / her blood, he / she may be in great danger.
Many accidents may happen at home, and everyone should know some first aid to deal with common injuries. When a person _ by an animal, wash the wound with cold running water before he / she is taken to see a doctor. When a person is burnt, wash and cool the area of the skin under the cold tap for a while, then put a piece of dry clean cloth over the burn. If a person is badly burnt, take him / her to the doctor. If a person cuts his / her finger, clean it and put a piece of clean paper round the cut.
In the future we should learn more about first aid and try to spread   it.
The question is: If a person is hurt badly and bleeding, what should you do first?
The possible answers are:
A:Try to stop the bleeding at once.
B:Wash the wound with cold running water.
C:Try to start his / her breathing at once.
D:Open his / her mouth and see if there is food in his / her mouth.You want to know about my staying in America ,right ? Well ,to tell you the truth ,it is really an eye-opening experience to study here .
In China ,I had English classes five times a week since fifth grade .However ,I didn't know how different textbook English could be from everyday English until I came to Hotchkiss School ,Connecticut .
When I first studied English ,I was told to say ,"I am fine"when people say"How are you ?"But in the US ,I found that people say ,"I am good "or"I'm tired".
One day , someone greeted me with "What's up ?"It made me _ .I thought for a moment and then smiled because I didn't know what to say .
Since then ,I have discovered more and more differences between Chinese  and US cultures .
To my surprise ,US girls spend a lot of time in the burning sun to get a tan .However , in China ,girls try every possible way to get their skin  paler  , or"whiter".
I was also surprised by how hardworking US students are .
In China ,schoolwork is almost everything ,so we study hard and that's it .But here ,a "good "student gets good grades ,does a lot for the public and plays sports or music .
The kids here are so talented  ,I am starting to be sorry that I gave up playing the piano at an early age and that I have never thought about sports .
The question is: Which is the best title for the passage ?
The possible answers are:
A:My Own Travel in the US
B:My Studying in the US
C:My Opinion about the US
D:My Friends in the US .People in different places eat different things.
In South China people like to eat rice. Sometimes they eat it twice or three times a day. They usually eat it with fish, meat and vegetables. It tastes very delicious.
Japanese like to eat rice, too. They also eat a lot of fish. Sometimes they eat raw   fish.It sounds strange but smells very fresh.
In western countries like Britain, Australia and the USA, the most important food is bread or potatoes. People usually make their bread at home. And they cook potatoes in different ways. In England the most popular food is fish and chips. Sometimes people eat this food at home, in their workplace, in the park or even on the street. People call it "takeaway" food.
In China today,there are also much"takeaway"food,and most children like to eat them.
The question is: People in South China usually have   _   for dinner.
The possible answers are:
A:bread
B:potatoes
C:rice
D:chipsIn 1945,six planes and 17 men disappeared without a sign,all in one day.This was Flight 19.Flight 19's captain was Lieutenant Charles Taylor.Flight 19 was a usual flight.It took off at about 2:10 p.m.from Miami.The weather was very normal on that December 5th of 1945.It was never spoken directly to after its going down.A message was received at 4:00 p.m.that told about _ Taylor not knowing the way to go because his compass was running around and around.
After that,it was never heard from again.While searching for it,a search plane was also lost.The search for the both continued until December 10th of that same year.None of the things from Flight 19's planes,or from the search plane,was ever found.It is one of the most infamous disappearances.Searching for Flight 19 lasted five days,and covered 380,000 square miles.Dr.Kripke suggests a vortex may have been involved in the disappearance of Flight 19.
The question is: Perhaps  _  made the Flight 19 disappear.
The possible answers are:
A:the weather
B:a storm
C:a vortex
D:a creatureSwimmers Wanted
Can you swim? Do you like kids? Can you help them with swimming on weekends? Come and join us. Call Jane at 330-8976 for more information .
Chess Club
Do you like to play chess? Mr Chen can teach you. You can come here every Friday afternoon.
Tel: 623-1940
Add: Room 102 in School's P.E. Building
Let's Learn French
Can you speak French? Do you want to learn French? Join the French club now.
Time: 9:00 am--11:30 am(from Monday to Friday)
Call Henry at 543-1248.
Musicians Wanted
Boys and girls, are you music lovers? Can you sing or dance? Can you play any instruments ? Welcome to our Star Rock Band.
Please call Victor at 891-3453 or send an email to music@yahoo.com.
,.
The question is: Mike is in the chess club. When does he go to the club?
The possible answers are:
A:On weekends.
B:From 9:00 am to 11:30 am.
C:Every Friday afternoon.
D:On Monday.Carrots are grown all over the world. They are easy to plant and easy to _ . They have a good taste.
When people think about carrots, they usually think they are a kind of long, thin, orange-colored vegetable. In fact, carrots are in many different sizes and shapes. And not all carrots are orange.
Carrots should be grown in a field that does not have water for a long time. The earth also should not be too hard. To prepare your carrot garden, dig up the earth and turn it over .
Weather, soil condition , and time affect  the taste of carrots. Warm days and cool nights are the best time to grow great delicious carrots.
The best way to decide if a carrot is ready to be harvested is by its color. Usually, the brighter the color is, the better the taste is.
Most people do not know that carrots can be grown during the winter months. If the winter is not cold enough to freeze the ground, you can grow carrots the same way as you do during the summer months.
Carrots are prepared and eaten in many different ways. They are cut into thin pieces and cooked with other vegetables or meat. Or, they are washed, and eaten just as they come out of the ground.
The question is: What can affect the taste of carrots?
The possible answers are:
A:Weather and tome
B:Weather and soil condition
C:Soil condition and time
D:Weather, time and soil conditionIt was a wet, rainy day during the school holidays. Lily looked out of the window and thought about her parents. They were on a long holiday. They said Lily was too young to go. So Lily was staying with her Aunt Bella. Today Lily was unhappy. She was all alone --Aunt Bella was out shopping.
Lily decided to go to the top floor. Maybe there was something interesting. She arrived at the top. There was an old door. Lily opened the door and walked in. The walls were changing colours. A sofa wasn't on the floor! It was in the air. Suddenly she heard a sound "Whoooosh" and after a minute she saw a boy appear .
"Hi," he said. "I am the genie . Who are you?"
"I'm Lily," she answered, "but you don't look like a genie."
The boy looked at her. He said, "Hocuspocusinversus!" And then suddenly Lily was in the air. "OK! I believe you," she shouted. "Get me down!"
"So, how many wishes do you want?" the boy said.
Then she told the cool genie she was lonely. She told him about having no friends. The cool genie just nodded his head . When Lily finished her story, she felt better.
The genie said, "Well, I must go now!" Then suddenly he was gone. Lily went downstairs  and found a postcard from her parents. It said, "Dear Lily. Miss you, back next week, love Mom and Dad." Then the front door opened and she heard Aunt Bella arriving with her shopping.
The next day Lily decided to say "Thank you" to the genie. She went to the top floor and opened the door. But there was nothing there except a dark old room with a few boxes.
The question is: Where did Lily see the genie?
The possible answers are:
A:On the walls.
B:In the sofa.
C:In the room on the top floor.
D:In the air.Three travelers, Allan, Carl and Paul were sitting on the chairs in a train station. They were waiting for a train that was very late.
To pass the time, they began talking to each other.
At first, they talked about the weather and their work. Then Paul said, "Tell me--what would you most like to do if your doctor tell you that you have only three months to live?"
The other two men thought about this for a while, then Carl spoke.
"Well," he said, "if I have only three months to live, I'll take all my money out of the bank and go to foreign countries for holidays with my best friend, Erik. I'd like to travel to the places in the world as many as possible. And I'll stay at the best hotels and then eat the best food. I think I'll have a wonderful time."
"That's very interesting." Paul said.
With these words, he turned to the other man, saying, "And what about you?"
"I'll tell you a secret," Allan said. "I always want to be a racing driver. So if I have only three months to live, the first thing I'd like to do is to sell my house. With the money I'll buy the fastest car in the world. Maybe I can enter all the big motor races."
Then he laughed, "I might even end up (......) world champion."
"Now it's your turn," Allan went on, "If your doctor tell you the bad news, what would you most like to do?"
"Oh," said Paul with a smile. "I'll go and see another doctor."
The question is: The three men were talking   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:in the post office
B:in the waiting room
C:on the train
D:on the chairsBruce is an English boy. Now he lives in a big house in Beijing with his parents, but he can't speak Chinese, he can only speak English. He likes swimming very much, and his house is near a river. He often goes to swim with his friends in the river. There are three people in his family. His father is a bank clerk, his mother is a teacher. It's Sunday today, Bruce doesn't go to school. Their parents aren't at work. They go to the park by bus. Now they are in the park, they enjoy themselves very much.
The question is: Where is Bruce's house?
The possible answers are:
A:Next to a park.
B:In front of a school.
C:Near a river.
D:Behind a park.As traditional Chinese art, paper cutting has a long history. The first and earliest paper cutting was found in China 1,500 years ago. But this traditional art is at risk of disappearing now. Luckily, Voyo Woo, a Chinese immigrant in America, is trying to bring this art back to life.
One Saturday in 2014, Ms Woo held a paper cutting show at a shopping center near Washington. She got much fun and peace doing it. She hoped more people would enjoy it.
Ms Woo began to study the art of paper cutting as a 14-year-old girl in her hometown in China. She said all the students at school had to learn paper cutting. But she had a deep love for it. So her teacher spent more time teaching her after class. Later, she won the second prize in a national painting and art competition. Ms Woo went to America after she finished collage in 2008. Soon after that, she took part in an activity to promote Chinese paper cutting. And then she was invited to show the art in many important activities."It is important to promote this art to Americans or anyone who is interested in it.Maybe it will make this art more popular."Woo said.
From the art of paper cutting, people can know about Chinese cultural values, history and stories of people's life. Ms Woo uses the art as a tool to show Chinese culture to people who know little about it. Chinese art is not only for Chinese, but also for people all over the world.
The question is: Ms Woo began to study the art of paper cutting  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:when she was fourteen
B:after she got to America
C:when she was in college
D:after she finished collegeIt's Sunday. Children don't go to school on Sundays. But Kate gets up early in the morning. "It's my birthday. I'm eight years old today." she thinks, "Where are Dad and Mum? I want to know what they can give me for my birthday."
Her father and mother are not at home. They are going shopping. And now they are talking about what to buy for Kate.
---- Dad: How about the doll? It looks nice. I think Kate would like the doll.
---- Mom: I don't think so. She is not a little girl. I think she likes a new dress. Girls often like new dresses very much.
---Dad: But she has a few new dresses and some new blouses. Oh, I think she must be very happy to have a box of colorful pencils and some picture books. Do you think so?
----- Mom: Yes. Let's go over there and buy them.
The question is: _  doesn't want to buy the doll.
The possible answers are:
A:Kate
B:Kate's father
C:Kate's mother
D:her parentsSaving water is an important part of going _ . As water becomes less and polluted more, conservation   becomes more and more important. The less water you use, the less wastewater will end up in our rivers and lakes. Wasting water means that more water needs to be treated and cleaned, a process that requires quite a lot of energy.
As it is said above, cutting down on water usage is one of the most important things you can do for your local environment and the planet as a whole. That is why more green households are going blue: cutting down their water footprint by conserving and harvesting   water.
It may seem like a big concept, but going blue starts with small changes that everyone can make. Something as simple as turning off the tap while you brush your teeth can save a lot of water. Wash your fruits and vegetables in a bowl rather than under a tap to save even more. Make sure that the taps are fully turned off every time you step away from the sink or the shower -- all those little drips can add up to a lot of water waste.
Another way of reducing your water footprint is reducing your dependence on the main water supply. Rainwater harvesting can meet a lot of your home's water needs. Many of us already practice rainwater harvesting in a small way. Collecting water from your gutters   is a great way to keep your garden green without running the sprinkler  .
The question is: From the passage, we can know that  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:we can get enough water by harvesting
B:most people pay no attention to saving water
C:we can practice rainwater harvesting in a small way
D:harvesting water is more necessary than conserving itParts of Africa are covered by a dark cloud. But this is no rain cloud. It is a living cloud made of billions of locusts   and they are eating everything in their path.
And now in order to fight against this disaster, a radio station in Senegal, West Africa, is offering listeners 5 kilograms of rice if they can catch and kill 50 kilograms of locusts. "We think this idea will get more people to take part in the fight against the locusts," said Abdoulaye Ba, from Sud-Fm, a radio station in one of Senegal's worst affected area.
This is West Africa's biggest locust disaster in 15 years. Now it is moving east and it leads to the loss of crops. When they move, they have babies, so their number is getting bigger. and will soon threaten   Sudan in the northeast of Africa. Some say it may reach Asia.
Experts say many people in the areas will go hungry because of this disaster. What's worse, governments in the areas don't have enough things to fight the locusts.
Although leaders of 12 countries have agreed on a plan, it is not enough. 'We are now treating 6,000 hectares   per day with pesticide  , but we need to treat 20,000 hectares per day in order to have any hope of controlling this disaster,' said Mohamed Abdallahi Ould Babah, leader of locust control  in Mauritania.
The question is: The locust disaster   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:may be even more serious in Asia
B:is (was) such a big problem that people can't do anything to solve it.
C:affected only the warning areas
D:can not be stopped if people can't get more pesticide.A teacher showed three toys to his students and asked them to find out the differences. All the three toys seemed to have the same shape, size and material. After looking at them carefully, the students discovered holes in the toys. The first toy had holes in the ears. The second toy had holes in its ear and mouth. The third toy had only one hole in one of its ears.
Then the teacher put a needle  in one ear hole of the first toy. The needle came out of the other ear. For the second toy, when the needle was put in its ear , it came out of its mouth. And for the third toy, when the needle was put in, it did not come out.
So the teacher explained to his students," The first toy represent those people who seem to be listening to you and caring for you. But they are just pretending to do so. After listening, as the needle comes out from the next ear, the things you said to them are gone. In fact, they don't care for you at all."
"The second toy represents those people who listen to you and care for you. But as in the toy, the needle comes out from mouth, these people will use what you tell them to fight against you. They tell others what you said and tell your secrets for their purposes."
"As for the third toy, the needle does not come out. It represents those people who will keep the trust you put in them. They are the ones that you can believe."
The question is: The teacher's purpose of showing the toys was  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:to do an experiment
B:to teach toys how to make a friend
C:to give a science class
D:to help students know different peopleWhile traveling, you'll be taking money, license or passport. Or you will buy something expensive to take back home with you and you don't want it to get stolen. Here are some ideas on how to keep your valuables   safe while traveling
Plan ahead of time
Think of what you really need and don't need to take on your trip. Only take the valuables that you must have, not just ones that you would like to have.
Carry your valuables on your person
Something that is small, like cash and credit cards and your passport, can be carried in a money wallet around your neck or in a money belt. This way, your valuables are hidden and right next to you, where you know where they are at all times. Wear clothing that can hide the money belt.
Carry larger valuables in your carry-on bag.
If you can't fit it in your money wallet like some large valuables, you'd better put them somewhere that you will keep touch with them. Your can put them on the plane, so you don't have to worry about  the airline losing your bag or someone stealing it from the belt after the flight before you get to it.
Choose a hotel that has the front desk for valuables.
This way, you don't have to worry about housekeeping getting hold of your valuables, or someone  stealing your valuables if your room is broken into. If you give the valuables to the front desk to keep for you, choose a time when others are not looking.
The question is: Which kind of hotel can you choose while traveling according to the text?
The possible answers are:
A:You can choose a hotel with a lot of housekeepers for valuables.
B:You can choose a hotel with the front desk for valuables.
C:You can choose some cheap hotel.
D:You can choose a hotel with gatekeepers.When punctuation  began, it was mainly to help people read out loud. Until a few hundred years ago, not many people were taught to read, so there was a lot more reading out loud by the few people who could.
To help those reading out loud in the old days, sign  known as "points" were added to pages of writing. Punctuation comes from the Latin word punctus, meaning "point". These points told readers when to pause  or take a breath, and what to emphasize .
In Europe from the early centuries AD, these points were widely used although not everybody used the same points for the same thing. When printing was invented, printers had to be made more clearly about what to put where, so that everyone was doing the same thing. Since that point, all sorts of punctuation rules have been discovered and invented.
Speech marks "..."
Speech marks or quotation marks are used to show that someone is speaking. The sort we have in English today began to be widely used during the 18th century. Before that readers simply understood from the way a sentence was written that someone was speaking although sometimes spoken words were underlined.
Comma , colon: period(full stop).
All three of these sorts of punctuation marks were given their Greek names by Aristophanes, a librarian who lived in Byzantium in the 2nd century BC. They were marks on the page, each with a message to the reader. Comma meant a short pause. Colon meant a medium  sized pause. Period meant a long pause.
Exclamation mark!
In the early days of punctuation, if you saw this sign, you were supposed to pause. Some people think the exclamation mark began as what the Greek word IO looked like if it was turned 90 degrees. This word means "Oh, gosh!" With the I on the top and the O under it, the sign as we know it today was developed.
Question mark?
In the middle age, a squiggle  above a full stop was sometimes used to show the sentence was a question and that a person's voice should go up at the end. By the 17th century it had turned into what we call a question mark. The shape may have come from the letter Q short for that Latin quaestio, meaning "question".
Writers make choices about punctuation because they think differently about sentences and words. It's part of the personality of their writing. Some writers hate punctuation, but others love punctuation. So whether you love or hate punctuation, the best advice may be to just enjoy it, play with it, think about it and use it. It belongs  to the language and it belongs to you.
The question is: Which of the following is true?
The possible answers are:
A:A long pause comes after question mark.
B:Speech marks were named by a librarian.
C:Question mark comes from a Latin word.
D:The shape of a word makes exclamation mark.You have heard of Webster Toys. Webster has made good, safe, interesting toys for more than 100 years. Now we sell them, and children play with them, in countries from New Zealand to Norway, and from Japan to Brazil. We are looking for someone to sell our toys in the Far East. He will be between thirty and forty. He will already have some years of selling in world markets behind him. He will speak good English, and at least one other language of the Far East.
The person we are looking for will live in Singapore, and work in our office there,  but he will travel for up to six months in any one year. He will know the Far East quite well already. He will know how to sell in old markets and where to find new ones. He will understand money and make more than ever before, for himself, and for Webster Toys.
Webster wants someone who can stand on his own feet. If you think you are the person we are looking for, write to Mr J. Sloman at our head office in London.
The question is: Which person could be the right one for the Webster?
The possible answers are:
A:He is 35,speaks good English and a Far Eastern language, can travel for up to six months in a year and knows how to make more money.
B:He is 28,speaks good English and some other foreign languages, enjoys traveling and making more money for the Webster Toys.
C:He is 40, speaks good English and any other Far Eastern languages, knows Far East well and how to make more money for himself.
D:He has lived in Singapore for years, speaks Chinese well and a little English, knows how to open new markets.Have you seen Avatar? It's a popular 3D movie, and you may have to wear a special pair of glasses - 3D glasses, to see it. The 3D glasses make the images from the movie look as if they are coming straight at you.
3D movies are really exciting to watch. More and more 3D movies are coming to theaters. Some say that 3D TV sets will come into our homes in the near future. 3D technology can make TV and movies more exciting. However, people with eye problems may get headaches if they spend too much time watching 3D movies. Why?
When we look at an object, each eye sees it at a different angle  . Our eyes send the two images to our brain, and the brain puts them together. 3D technology uses two film projectors  .  One projects left-eye-image and the other projects a right-eye-image. 3D glasses allow us to see a different image in each eye. So, when we are watching a 3D movie, our brain can't put together the images sent to our eyes. The brain needs to work harder at "reading" the images. That makes it easier for people with eye problems to get dizzy   or have headaches.
Dr John Hagan, an eye doctor in Kansas City, said if your eyes can't focus on the same object at once, you will have trouble watching 3D movies.
The question is: What is Avatar?
The possible answers are:
A:It's a kind of 3D projector.
B:It's a kind of 3D TV set.
C:It's a movie.
D:It's an animal.School Open Day  
Dear students,
We have some interesting and fun things for you this term. On September 9th 2014, we have a School Open Day. It begins at 9:00 a.m. and finishes at 4:00 p.m. All parents can come to our school, have a cup of coffee, and meet our teachers and other parents.
Your parents can go to your children's classrooms, have a talk with the principal  , have a look at the clubs and ask any questions. From 11:30 a.m. to 12:30 a.m, the parents can go to Room 106 for lunch. If you have any questions about the School Open Day, you can call John Smith --- the principal. The telephone number is 021-4899688.
Welcome to our school and join us.
School: Apple Tree Middle School
The question is: When is the School Open Day?
The possible answers are:
A:In 2014 .
B:On September 9
th, 2014.
C:In September.
D:From 9:00 a.m. to 3:00 p.m.It's cool, it's hot, and everyone is doing it. People talk about _ often, and friends tell other friends how good they look. Sound like a fashion? In fact, it's another trend  : "blog". What's a blog? A blog is a personal online diary. The word "blogger" means a person who writes diaries online.
Many bloggers are teenagers who log   onto websites to discuss anything in their lives. Many of today's teenagers are not afraid to openly discuss everything in their lives. Teenagers complain about parents and homework. They share diaries, post songs from the latest bands   and show pictures of theirs. They write their own poems, say something about their girlfriends or boyfriends and complain to each other or offer support. But mostly they just write down what they do every day.
However, many parents are worried about these young bloggers. Parents see the kids talking about how they got drunk last weekend and how they don't like studying. They are using language that is surprising to their parents. Besides hearing from their friends, teen bloggers also get messages from strangers. Most of the time, it's older men asking to meet teenage girls. "These strange men are dangerous for my kids. They sometimes teach my kids bad words," said Cara Cabral, a mother of two.
Many teenagers and young adults know it's not safe to use blogs on the Internet. They know they are putting information about themselves in a place they can be seen by anyone. But teenagers are unwilling to give up these new communication tools that have become a way of life for many of them.
The question is: Which of the following is NOT true according to   the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:It's easy for teenagers to give up blogging.
B:Many teenagers know it's not safe to use the blog on the Internet.
C:A blogger's information about himself can be seen by anyone on the Internet.
D:Most of today's teenagers aren't afraid to openly discuss everything in their lives.Alice is an American girl. She has two good friends. One is Tom, the other is Jim. They come from the same country. They are studying in Beijing now. They are at the same school-- No.2 Middle School. They have a lot of Chinese friends here. They go to school from Monday to Friday. They go to school at seven in the morning. They all go to school by subway. In the evening, they do their homework and learn Chinese. On Saturdays and Sundays they go to their friends' homes. There they learn more Chinese from their Chinese friends and their friends learn English from them.
Sometimes they write to their parents in America. They tell them about China and their life in China. They all like living here . They want their parents to come to China one day.
The question is: Alice , Tom and Jim come from  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:England
B:Europe
C:the USA
D:different countriesThere are 45 students in our class. I have made a survey, 36 students say they like to exercise. Most boys play basketball together twice a week. But girls think basketball is difficult for them, they'd like to play volleyball together twice a week. My friend, Tony, is good at running. He runs fastest in our class. He runs for 30 minutes on the playground every evening before he goes to bed. Is it interesting? Gray is good at swimming. He goes to the swimming club three times a month in winter, and three times a week in summer. So he is pretty healthy. Some of my classmates have good eating habits. They eat both meat and vegetables. 70% of them drink milk every day. 15 students say they drink milk three or four times a week. But some students like to eat junk food, especially Sally. What's worse is that she doesn't like to exercise, so she is very fat. She always says " I'm going to lose weight  tomorrow."
The question is: Why do the girls dislike to play basketball?
The possible answers are:
A:Becausetheyhavenotime.
B:Becausetheythinkitisnoteasy.
C:Becausetheydon'tliketoplaywiththeboys.
D:Becausetheydon'tliketoexercise.Gary and Gavin were twin brothers who worked in a department store owned by their father. After their father had passed away, they took over the store. Everything went well until the day a twenty-dollar bill disappeared. Gary had left the bill on the cash register. But when he returned, the money was gone.
Gary then asked his brother Gavin, "Did you see that twenty-dollar bill on the cash register?" Gavin said that he had not. But Gary did not let it go and kept questioning. "Twenty-dollar bills can't get up and walk away by themselves! Surely you must have seen it." There was accusation in Gary's voice. Tempers began to rise and anger grew. "I said I didn't see it!" Gavin raised his voice.
The quarrel divided the young men and they could no longer work together. Later, a wall was built in the center of the store. For twenty years, they never said a word to each other.
One day, a strange man came to the store. He walked in and asked Gary, "How long have you been here?" Gary replied that he'd been there all his life. "Then you are the person I'm looking for, since I must tell you the truth," the customer said emotionally. "Twenty years ago, I was totally _ and hungry. I entered this store from the back door and saw a twenty-dollar bill on the cash register. And I took it. All these years I hadn't been able to forget that. I had to come back and ask for your forgiveness ."
The stranger felt very surprised when seeing tears come to the eyes of the middle-aged man in front of him. "Would you please go next door and tell the same story to the man in the store?" Gary asked. Then something surprised the stranger even more --- after hearing his story, the two middle-aged men hugged each other and cried together in the front of the wall of the store.
After twenty years, the wall of anger that set them apart finally came down.
The question is: The stranger came back to the store because he wanted to   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:buy something from the store
B:borrow some money
C:return the money
D:say sorry and ask to be excusedSnowflakes! You can catch them on your tongue   or use them to make a perfect snowball. But have you ever thought about taking pictures of them? Ken Libbrecht did. He is a physics professor from California. Although the weather in California is usually warm and sunny, Ken's hobby is taking pictures of snowflakes. He travels to cold areas like Alaska and Canada to find snowstorms and take pictures of the snowflakes. "They are often beautiful, and every snowfall brings new surprises," says Ken.
Ken takes pictures of snowflakes with a high-quality digital camera. He uses a microscope   to make the tiny snowflakes larger. To get the best images, Ken built a special photo-microscope just for snowflakes. He collects flakes by letting them fall onto a piece of foam board  .
The pictures must be taken outdoors, so Ken wears lots of clothes to stay warm. But his fingers often get cold, because it's difficult for him to take pictures of a tiny snowflake with gloves.
Each snowflake has shapes and patterns   that make it as unique   as a person's fingerprint. The hobby of snowflake photography is also unique. Next time a snowstorm blows through your town, take a closer look at the flakes before you gather them into a snowball. See if you can notice their unique patterns. Millions of snowflakes are waiting for you!
,.
The question is: Why do Ken's fingers often get cold?
The possible answers are:
A:Because he doesn't wear enough clothes.
B:Because he doesn't wear gloves.
C:Because he likes making snowballs.
D:Because there is something wrong with his fingers.Mary's mother waited for her in the car. Mary knew that she would be late if she didn't hurry  , but she didn't care. It is her birthday today.
Ten minutes later, Mary opened the car door. Her mother said, "Don't forget to go home with Cindy today." Mary felt a little disappointed  . She really hoped to have a party today, but her mother had to work late tonight. She promised Mary that they could have a party next week.
"I won't forget," replied Mary. When she arrived at school, she got out of the car and said goodbye to her mother. It seemed that her mother didn't care. Mary walked into the school. She hoped her friends would remember that she turned eight today.
"Hi, Mary. Happy birthday," said Julie.
Mary smiled and asked, "Julie, can you come to my party next week?"
Julie said, "I am sorry Mary, but I can't."
During the day, things didn't go much better. All of her friends said they could not go to her party next week. At the end of the school day, Mary felt very sad.
Evening came and Cindy's mother drove Mary home. When Mary opened the door, the house was dark. Her mother didn't even get home yet! She felt very sad.
"Surprise!"
All the lights in Mary's house came on. Her mother and all of her friends were there! There were many gifts in the living room. Then, she ran into the kitchen. Her mother prepared her favorite meal and a big chocolate cake. "Thank you, Mom!" Mary said, happily.
The question is: Why didn't Mary's mother seare when Mary said goodbye to her?
The possible answers are:
A:Because she didn't care about Mary.
B:Because she tried to finish her work first.
C:Because she forgot it is Mary's birthday today.
D:Because she didn't want Mary to know about the party.Britain's smallest school was closed down because its only pupil failed to turn up for class, a famous Britain newspaper reported in May.
The newspaper said the six-year-old girl's parents were unhappy with a teacher who just got the new job to teach the only pupil.
The school had been closed for the last nine months after its former teacher retired and the only other pupil moved on to a secondary school. The new teacher, Ms. Puckey was to start teaching the girl and reopen the school.
But the girl's mother is keeping her daughter at home.
"I was not pleased with the new teacher,"the mother said. "I had told the old teacher as far back as last September that if Ms. Puckey got the job, my child would not be going to school."
The school lies on an island off the northeast of Scotland. Although there was only one pupil, the school is very good in many ways and has a headmaster, three computers, a television, and an art room as well as a school house with three bedrooms.
The question is: From the reading we can know that the school_.
The possible answers are:
A:is too far for the students
B:does not have enough teachers
C:does not have many pupils
D:is new but smallA bumpkin   went to a big city for the first time. He went into an office building and saw a short and fat woman stepped into a small room. After her, the door closed and the light on the top flashed. After a while the door opened slowly, a young beautiful modern girl walked out of the small room.
The bumpkin opened his eyes wide in surprise. He said to himself in a low voice, "What a pity! I haven't brought my wife here!"
The question is: The room he saw was perhaps   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:an office
B:a toilet
C:a lift
D:a helicopterWhen the man's wife died, their youngest baby was 2 years old. They had six other children -- three boys and three girls, aged from 4 to 16. The man's parents and his wife's parents came to visit.
"We've been talking about how to make this work," they said. "There's no way you can take care of all these children and work to make a living. So, we've decided to place each child with a different uncle and aunt." The man refused.
Over the next few weeks, he moved the family to a tiny town and opened a small business. His business developed quickly. He was happy to see people and serve them. He became popular with people for his pleasant personality and excellent customer service. People came from far away to do business with him. And the children helped both at home and at work.
The children grew up and got married. Five of the seven went off to college. The children's success was a source   of pride to the father.
Then came grandchildren. No one enjoyed grandchildren more than this man. As they became toddlers  , he invited them to his workplace and his small home. They brought each other great joy.
Finally, the youngest daughter, who was 2 years old when the mother died, got married. With his life's work done, the father died.
This man's work had been the lonely but joyful task of raising his family. This man was my father. I was the 16-year-old, the oldest of seven.
,. (5,2,10)
The question is: Which of the following is TRUE?
The possible answers are:
A:Nearly half of the man's children went to college.
B:The man wanted to give his children to their uncle.
C:The man moved his family and opened a business.
D:The man thought life was hopeless after his wife died.Weather has a strong effect  on people. It influences health, intelligence   and feelings. In August, it is very hot and wet in the southern part of the United States. People there easily have heart trouble and other kinds of health problems during this month. In the Northeast and the Middle West, it is hot at some times and very cold at other times. People in those states will have heart trouble after the weather changes in February or March.
The weather can also influence intelligence. For example, in a 1983 study by scientists, the IQ scores of some college students were very high during storm, but after the storm, their scores were low. Storms can increase intelligence. Very hot weather, on the other hand, can decrease  it. Students in many schools of the United States often do badly in exams in the hot months of the year(July and August).
Weather also has a strong effect on people's feeling. Winter may be a bad time for thin people. They usually feel cold during these months. They might feel depressed during cold weather. In hot summer weather, on the other hand, fat people may feel unhappy. At about 65F, people become stronger.
Low air pressure  makes people feel free, but it also increases forgetful- ness. People leave more bags and umbrellas on buses and in stores on low pressure days. There is a"perfect weather"for work and health. People feel best at a tempera- ture of about 64F with 65 percent humidity .
Are you feeling sick, sad, tired, forgetful, or very intelligent today? The weather may be the reason.
The question is: Intelligence may be lower  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:during a storm
B:when it is sunny
C:on a very hot day
D:when you take in an exam1The Dream It is everyone's dream to work at home or not work at all. You can plan your own hours and work when you want to. There is no more rush hour and no hours that people waste when they get to and from a job every day.
2The Fact The fact is that this dream can be _ . You can stay at home,work when you want to and make money when you need to. There are plenty of opportunities for you to make money at home,just by using your computer and the Internet.
3Start Today! Educate yourself, look closely into all the opportunities and decide on what works best for you. It will not happen during one night, but you can make the decision today and start to make it happen today.
4How Could You Do It? Do you have a blog or a personal website like millions of other people? Are you using it to make money? Most of these blogs and website owners are not. But you can do that!
5 _ When you have your computer and the Internet working for you, your businesses will be working for you 24 hours a day, seven days a week. You will make money while you sleep, travel or do whatever you want to do all day long.
6Get Going! There are many ways you can make money with your computer. And you can begin your stay - at - home businesses with just a little money. What are you waiting for ?
The question is: How is the passage organized ?
The possible answers are:
A:By using famous people's words.
B:By giving reasons only.
C:By showing a topic and giving solutions.
D:By telling old storiesMy name is Mary. This is my family. These are my parents. Their names are Bill and Grace Brown.Those are my grandparents.Their names are Henry and Linda Brown.This is my uncle.His name is John.That boy is my brother. His name is Tony. This is Susan.She is my uncle's daughter.
The question is: Bill is John's  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:Uncle
B:father
C:brother
D:grandfatherNick is a knight . But he doesn't like to ride and he doesn't like to fight. Nick likes to read and write, and he likes to knit .
One night, there was a knock at the door. "I need you to fight a dragon !" cried King Kareen.
"But I'm the wrong kind of knight!" said Nick. "I don't like to fight."
"Never mind! Hurry up!" cried the King.
"The dragon is in my bed!" said the King. Nick's knees were knocking. He lifted the blanket  and saw a little dragon. "I'm freezing." The dragon said.
Nick quickly started knitting. He knitted a coat, some long socks and some pants for the dragon. The dragon was glad. "Thank you!" he said and off he went.
"I think you're the right kind of knight!" said the king.
The question is: Nick likes to read ,write and   _   .
The possible answers are:
A:ride
B:fight
C:sing
D:knitBy November 30, 2015, the comedy Goodbye, Mr. Loser had got more than 1,400 million yuan in ticket sales.
It was amazing that a film with common actors who had their first shows in the film got such great success. What's more, the actors were all stage performers and they improved their acting skills by making this film.
The comedy tells about a common middle-aged man who has no job but problems. He seems to be a loser in life and never gets any success. He causes many jokes and is laughed at a lot. And because of his bad luck, he feels upset most of the time. Later, a sudden accident changes his life and he starts to realize how important the family to him.
Goodbye, Mr. Loser was the first movie made by Happy Mahua Pictures. The film came out on September 30, 2015. Because of its great success, the film company became famous overnight.
During the seven-day holiday for National Day in 2015, the ticket sales were just behind the most popular film being shown at the same time-Lost in Hong Kong.
The question is: At last the middle-aged man understands the importance of   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:the family
B:the film
C:the company
D:the chance150 Years of Cool
Look in the bedrooms of young people around the world. You will probably find a pair of blue jeans in each room. Jeans are very popular all over the world.
Jeans give you the feeling of comfort, youth and energy. They have long been liked by every person.
Levi Strauss is an American company. It first made blue jeans. The company was founded in 1853 by 24-year-old Levi Strauss. Twenty years later, he made the first blue jeans in the world. The jeans were used as working trousers for the cowboys of the American West. During the Second World War, American soldiers brought blue jeans to Europe and Asia. People there began to wear jeans. Little by little, they become cool.
People from different countries like different styles of jeans. Americans like to wear simple and single-colored jeans, but many Chinese like to wear jeans with lots of different colors.
Jeans now can be seen everywhere: However, in many places, it's not always good to wear jeans. No matter how good they may look, or what color they are, it's often not right to wear jeans in formal places. But, when you are out, relaxing and having fun, jeans are the best choice.
The question is: Jeans can be cool for nearly 150 years because   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:they have different styles
B:they have different colors
C:they make us feel youth, comfort and energy
D:they are working trousers.Look at the two posters about Sunshine Theatre and Moonlight Theatre:
Welcome to Sunshine Party!
Time: 1:30 p.m. -8:30p.m. , June 1st               Happy Children's Day
Place: Sunshine Theatre
Activities: Singing, dancing, a magic  show and a fashion show
Welcome to Moonlight Party!
Happy Children's D ay       Time: 2:30 p.m. -10:30p.m. , June 1st
Place: Moonlight Theatre
Activities: 3 cartoon films and a fashion show
The question is: In Sunshine Theatre, you can't   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:watch a film
B:watch a fashion show
C:listen to music
D:enjoy a magic showAlice was twenty-three years old, and she was a nurse at a big hospital . She was very kind and all of her patients   likes her very much .
One day she was out shopping. She saw an old woman. The woman was waiting to cross   a busy street . Alice wanted to cross the street, too. So she went over to help the woman cross the street. When Alice was near her, she suddenly laughed  and said, " Mrs Green ! You were my patient in the hospital last year."
Mrs Green was very happy to see her.
"I will help you cross the street, Mrs Green," Alice said.
"Oh, thank you very much , Alice , " Mrs Green said and stepped   forward  . "No, no, Mrs Green," Alice said quickly . "Wait! The light is still red."
"Oh," Mrs Green answered when she stepped back. "I can easily cross the street by myself   when the light is green ."
The question is: Did Alice know Mrs Green?
The possible answers are:
A:No, she didn't remember.
B:Yes, she did.
C:No, she didn't.
D:Sorry, I don't know.A driver stopped his car on a street side to have a rest. When he sat in the seat and closed his eyes, a pedestrian   came up and knocked at his window to ask the time. The driver opened his eyes and looked at his watch, "It is 8 o'clock." He said. Then he went to sleep again. But soon he woke up because a second pedestrian was knocking at the window, "Sir, do you have the time?" he asked. The driver looked at his watch again and told the man it was 8:30.
If it happened again, he could not have a good rest. So he wrote a short note and put it on the window for all the people to see. It said, " _ "
Again the man sat in the seat and slept. A few minutes later a third pedestrian came along and began knocking at the window. "Hey, sir," she said, "It's 8:45."
The question is: The first pedestrian knocked at his window to   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:wake him up
B:take his car
C:ask the time
D:buy his carIs bicycling hard to learn? Different people have many different answers. It is strange enough that the same person may also have a different answer as time goes by.
Five years ago when I was in Junior Grade One, I got interested in bicycling because I thought my uncle was very cool when he rode his bike. He could ride a bike with only one wheel. He could also sit on the bike and keep it standing straight, without moving for a long time.
I thought it was easy to learn to ride a bike, so I decided to learn from my uncle. He told me how to ride. When I fell off the bike the first time, I was afraid to try again. It was too hard for me to learn. Then my uncle helped me by holding the bike for me and not to let go. With his help, I was able to ride longer and longer. "You can do it by yourself now, young boy!" I heard his voice far behind me.
The question is: What's the best title  of this passage?
The possible answers are:
A:Bicycling isn't interesting
B:Bicycling is dangerous
C:Is bicycling easy or hard
D:Is bicycling good or badAttention! Students ! Beach party comes ! We are going to have an outdoor party at the National Park on July 15.
Activities: 1. Ride bikes from the Student Center to the beach.
2. A picnic on the beach.
3. Swimming and sailing contests. 
What to bring: sun cream, sunglasses, hats, swimsuits, hiking shoes and personal items.
Deadline for signing up : Sunday, July 8
Fee: 200 per person.
Meet at the Student Center at 10:00 am, July 15
P. S:All the food will be offered by the Students' Union.
The question is: Which of the following is WRONG?
The possible answers are:
A:Boats are needed in the activities
B:The party begins at 10:00 pm
C:The last day to signup is July 8
D:Students will have a picnic on the beachDo you know how to write an English letter? It is different from the Chinese letter. When we write a letter in English, we should write the date on the top of the right corner. Sometimes we write the _  ---the number of the house and the names of the street, city and country. Then we can begin the letter at the left corner. We always use words like "Dear sir", "Dear Mr/Miss/Mrs ..."to begin the writing. At the end of the letter, we usually use expressions as "Yours", "Yours ever" or "Yours sincerely". Then sign the writer's name.
It is also different to write an English envelope. You should write your name and address on the top of the left corner and write the receiver's in the middle or on the bottom of the right corner.
The question is: Which of the following is TRUE according to the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:The English letter is the same as the Chinese letter.
B:You can write your name and address on the top of the left corner.
C:Writing an English envelope is the same as writing a Chinese envelope.
D:We can begin the letter at the right corner.When we can see well, we do not think about our eyes often: It is only when we cannot see perfectly that we come to see how important our eyes are.
People who are nearsighted  can only see things that are very close to their eyes. Many people who do a lot of close work, such as writing and reading, become nearsighted. Then they have to wear glasses in order to see distant things clearly.
People who are farsighted face just the opposite problem. They can see things that are far away, but they have difficulty reading a book if they don't hold it at arm's length. If they want to do much reading, they must get glasses too.
Other people do not see clearly because their eyes are not exactly the right shape. This, too, can be corrected by glasses. Some people's eyes become cloudy because of cataracts  . Long ago these people often became blind. Now, however, it is possible to operate on the cataracts and remove them.
When night falls, colors become fainter  to the eyes and finally disappear. After your eyes have grown used to the dark, you can see better if you use the side of your eyes rather than the centers. Sometimes, after dark, you see a small thing to one side of you. It seems to disappear if you turn your head in its direction. This is because when you turn your head, you are looking at the thing too directly. Men on guard duty sometimes think they see something moving to one side of them. When they turn to look straight at it, they cannot see it anymore, and they believe they were mistaken. However, this mistake happens because the center of the eye, which is very sensitive   in daylight, is not as sensitive as the sides of the eye after dark,
The question is: According to the passage, a   _   is more likely to be nearsighted.
The possible answers are:
A:guard
B:doctor
C:writer
D:painterChinese space trainer Wang Yuan has been chosen as one of the volunteers for the Mars-500 test project. He was very happy to be chosen and will accept the meaningful challenge  Another five volunteers are all space lovers., including three Russians, an Italy-Colombian and a Frenchman. They are about to feel what it's like to travel to Mars, only without leaving the earth. They are locked up together for a year and a half under a similar condition to the red planet during the whole process. So the experiment is called Mars-500.
When reporters asked what they would miss most during the 520-day special life, French trainer Charles said:"For me, it will be mainly my family, the sun and fresh air."
The Mars-500 test will be in a special building in Moscow, Russia. Although the people won't leave the building, they will fell as if they are on a real trip to the Mars. The most difficult thing will be to be separated  from the people that they used to live with. The trainer won't see sunsets, sunrises, won't feel rain for 18 months. That will be hard.
The main task is to study the "Man and environment". It'll care about the astronauts' getting experience and physical effects. The 520-day-test is divided into three parts,the first 250days to Mars, the middle 30days of landing on Mars, the last 240 days to return to the earth. Everyone will stay there alone for a long time and will work lonely. They will have to make decisions themselves and only then report to the earth, and the earth will tell them whether they do the right thing or not.
Each astronaut is preparing for the great challenge. It is learned that they will be launched early in June. And the experiment will end in November 2011.
The question is: _   members were chosen as volunteers.
The possible answers are:
A:Five
B:Six
C:Three
D:FourJack was a skilled artist with a wife and two sons. One night, his elder son had a stomachache  . Thinking it was only some common intestinal  disorders, neither Jack nor his wife took it seriously. But the boy died suddenly that night.
Knowing the death could have been avoided if he had only realized the seriousness of the situation, Jack always felt guilty. His wife left him a short time later, leaving him alone with his six-year-old younger son. The hurt and pain of the two situations were more than that Jack could stand, so he turned to alcohol   for help. Later, Jack began to lose everything he had --- his land, house, etc. Finally Jack died alone in a small bar. Hearing of Jack's death, I thought, "What a totally wasted life! What a complete failure!"
As time went by, I knew Jack's younger son who grew into an adult, Ernie. He is one of the kindest and most loving men I have ever known. I saw the love between Ernie and his children, thinking that kindness and caring had to come from somewhere. One day, I asked him what his father had done so that he became such a special person. Ernie said quietly, "As a child until I left home at 18, Jack came into my room every night, gave me a kiss and said, 'love you, son'."
The question is: What is the best title for the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:Love you, son.
B:A wasted life.
C:A father and his son.
D:A failed father.On the bus, on the subway, every head is lowered to a cell phone, iPad, or other digital device. But does this mean more and more people are getting into reading the digital way?
According to the National Reading Survey, before the 17thWorld Reading Day on April 23, only 1.2 percent of Chinese people said they read a lot. But 38.6 percent said they read on digital devices like cell phone and e-books. This is a 17.7 percent increase from 2010.
Many experts are talking about a trend toward fragmented reading --reading many short messages or items on a digital device like a cell phone instead of one long text in a book.
Zhao jianmin, a professor at Shanghai University, said fragmented reading was part of modern life. "The fast _ of life leaves many people no time to sit and read a whole book," he said. "So making use of fragmented time to read is sure to be a trend"
Fragmented reading has its advantages. People can enjoy large amounts of information, knowledge and entertainment in a short time. Digital reading is faster than traditional deep reading.
However, some experts fear the trend of digital reading will lead people to read in a simple way. Xu Guosheng, at a Chinese Academy of Press and Publication, says fragmented reading makes it harder for people to think more about what they read. He also warned fragmented reading could make people lazy about remembering facts because they know they can always just search for answers online.
"Fragmented reading is sometimes good, but don't let it take all your time," suggested Tian Zhilng, an editor. He said it was important to read quality books in a deeper way, and we should read for knowledge, for practical use and for pleasure. He suggested people choose easy books first, then move onto more difficult ones.
The question is: What is the main idea of the article?
The possible answers are:
A:The results of a national reading survey.
B:An explanation of a new trend in reading.
C:The advice on how to read the digital way.
D:A call to return to traditional deep reading.Movies are great things. They have a long time. They tell us many things. There are funny movies, scary movies and also exciting movies. Different people like different kinds of movies. Comedies are welcomed by the people of all ages. Usually old people also like Beijing Operas and documentaries. Young people, especially  boys like action movies and thrillers. They also like western movies. In western movies they learn something about the life of the cowboys  in western countries, like the USA. Go to movies in the cinema or stay at home to watch them on TV. You can learn a lot.
The question is: Western movies are about the life of the   _   boys.
The possible answers are:
A:Chinese
B:school
C:American
D:EnglishOne day a famous teacher was walking with his student. On the way, they saw a lake. They stopped and the teacher told the student, "I'm thirsty. Get me some water from that lake."
Just when the student reached the lake, a cow was walking in the lake. So the water became very dirty. He thought "I can't give the dirty water to my teacher!"
He came back and told the teacher, "The water is very dirty. We can't drink it." After about half an hour, the teacher asked the student to get some water again. So he went back to the lake.
But the lake was still dirty. So he told the teacher the same thing. After some time, the teacher asked him to go back again. But this time, he found the water was clear. The mud in the water came to the bottom. So he got some water.
The teacher looked at the water and said to him, "You did nothing to make the water clear. You just let it be. Your mind is also like that! When it is bothered , just let it be. Give it some time."
The question is: The teacher told his student that he should  _  when his mind was bothered.
The possible answers are:
A:drink some water
B:eat something
C:do nothing
D:ask him for helpOne way that scientists   learn about man is by studying animals.In this lab, the scientists are studying the relationship between diet and health.
They are studying the relationship between the amount   of food the mice eat and their health.The mice are in three groups.All three groups are receiving the same healthy food.The first group is eating one cup of food each day, the second group is eating two cups, and the third group is eating three cups.
After three years, the healthiest group is the one that is only eating one cup of food each day.The mice in this group are a little thinner. But _ are more active.Most of the day, they are running, playing with one another.Also, they are living longer.Mice usually live for two years.Most of the mice in this group are still alive after three years.
The second group of mice is healthy, too.They are active, but not as active as the thinner mice.They are only living about two years.
The last group of mice is receiving more food than the other two groups.Most of the day, these mice are eating or sleeping.They are not very active.These mice are living longer than the scientists thought-about a year and a half.But they are not healthy.They are sick more often than the other two groups.
The question is: The result of the experiment mainly shows that   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:eating less may bring longer life
B:the mice eat more than the scientists thought
C:the mice live longer than the scientists thought
D:the more exercise you take, the healthier you will beRose's mother wants to take Rose to the zoo today. Many kinds of animals are in the zoo. So Rose is very happy.
Rose and her mother go to see the tigers and lions first. Tigers and lions are scary so they lives in strong cages in the zoo. And they eat much meat every day.[:..Z.X.X.K]
Rose sees two big elephants and a baby one. The elephants are very kind to people. Rose rides on an elephant and she is glad.
Some cute pandas are in the zoo, too. They are a little shy. So people need to be very _ when they go near them. Look! Five giraffes are there. They have long necks. They are from Africa . They like eating grass and leaves very much.
,.
The question is: Tigers and lions eat   _   every day.
The possible answers are:
A:grass
B:meat
C:leaves
D:bananasPablo Picasso was born in Spain in 1881.His father was a painter and art teacher who gave his son the first lesson in drawing.He won a prize--"Science and Charity" for his first important painting when he was only fifteen.He studied in several cities in Spain.But there was no one to teach him all that he wanted to know.When he was nineteen,he visited Paris.
Paris was then the center of the world for artists.Everything that was new and exciting in the world of paintings seemed to happen there.When he was twenty-three,Picasso moved there to live and lived in France for the rest of his life.
When he was over ninety,this great painter still lived his life like a young man.He was still looking for new ideas and new ways to use his artistic materials.
When he died in 1973,he was ninety-one years old.
,.
The question is: What did Pablo Picasso's father do?
The possible answers are:
A:A worker.
B:A painter.
C:An artist.
D:A teacher.While many women are busy with planning their bridal showers  , a baby shower usually comes as a complete surprise. A baby shower is a party where a pregnant   woman is "showered" with gifts and good wishes. A baby shower is usually given by a close female friend or a relative of the mother-to-be. Sometimes co-workers of a pregnant person will also hold a baby shower for her.
The baby shower is usually given when the mother-to-be is between 6 and 9 months pregnant. _ the date of a baby's birth isn't always exact. Sometimes a baby shower can also happen after the baby is born. A baby shower can be held in someone's home or outside, like in a restaurant or a catering hall. Traditionally only women are invited to a baby shower. However, more and more baby showers are also including the father-to-be.
Like a bridal shower, a mother-to-be will register   a wish list of things she wants at one or several stores. This list usually includes things the mother wants for her baby like clothes, diapers and even furniture. This way friends and family members can go to the stores and buy something from the list. Registering helps make sure that there aren't repeat items, like 30 bottles when a new mom only needed 15.
At a baby shower, people can give cards with wishes for the new baby and mom. Most of these cards also include money or gift cards to help the mom-to-be buy whatever else she needs for the baby. Sometimes there are games as well. In one game everyone guesses the date of the baby. Another game lets people taste baby food and guess the flavor.
The question is: According to the passage, we know that   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:the baby shower only happens at home
B:the baby shower never takes place after the baby is born
C:people have baby showers instead of bridal showers now
D:people hold the baby shower to send wishes to the mother-to-beThere are many ways for us to reduce waste. For example, we can reuse paper and plastic bags. We can also recycle newspapers, glass, and cans   to make new things. Here are some useful ways to reduce waste.
* Write on both sides of paper. Many people write on only one side of their paper. Why not stop wasting the other side? Some students only use half the pages of their notebooks before getting new ones. Try to use up all the paper. People often give cards on birthdays or festivals. How about trying to send e-cards instead?
* Don't throw away your old batteries. Maybe you do not know that old batteries make the Earth dirty. This is because they have poisonous parts. So, don't throw away batteries. Keep them together. Try to use rechargeable  batteries for your games and CD players.
* Donate   all your unwanted clothes. There are many poor families in China. You may ask your mother to collect your unwanted clothes. Then you can pass them on to those poor children who do not have clothes to wear. You will feel happy that you are helping someone else. Also, you can ask if your friends or relatives want them before throwing them away.
The question is: What should we do on a friend's birthday?
The possible answers are:
A:Give cards.
B:Send e-cards.
C:Give nothing.
D:Write on the cards.Many centuries ago, Scotland was ruled by a king named Robert Bruce. He was a wise king and a brave soldier. When the English army invaded    Scotland, Bruce took up arms and led his people in defence of  his country.
Battle after battle was fought, Bruce led his little army against the enemy, and six times his men were beaten. His army was scattered, and he was forced to go into hiding----in the woods or in lonely places in the mountains. One rainy day, Bruce lay on the ground in a small house, listening to the sound of the rain on the roof .He was tired and sad, and ready to give up all hope. It seemed to him that it was no use trying to do anything more.
As he lay thinking, he saw a spider   over his head, trying to spin a web  . He watched as she worked slowly and with great care. Six times she tried to reach the opposite wall to fix her thread, but six times she failed."Poor thing," cried Bruce, "You ,too, know what it is to fail."But the spider did not lose hope. With still more care, she tried for the seventh time. Bruce almost forgot his own trouble as he watched her swing herself out upon the thin line. Would she fail again? No, the thread was carried safely from one wall to the other."I, too, will try a seventh time," cried Bruce. He got up and called his men together. He told them his plans, and sent them out with message of cheer to his discouraged people. Soon there was an army of brave Scotsmen gathered around him. Another battle was fought. This time the Scots won and the English invaders were driven out of Scotland.
The question is: What happened to King Robert Bruce's country?
The possible answers are:
A:A civil war broke out.
B:The Scots did not support him
C:England broke away from it
D:It was at war with EnglandOnce there was a man and a woman. They had been married for more than 60 years. They kept no secrets from each other except that the old woman had a shoe box under her bed. She told her husband never to open or ask about it.
For all these years, he had never thought about the box. But one day the old woman got very sick and the doctor said she would never get better.
The woman said it was time that he should know what was in the box. The old man took the shoe box to his wife's bedside.
When he opened it, he found two beautiful doilies  and some money. The money was $25,000.
"When we got married, "she said, "my grandmother told me that the secret of a happy family was never to fight. She told me if every time I got angry with you, I should just keep quiet and crochet  one doily."
The old man was so moved because only two doilies were in the box. He thought she had only been angry with him twice in all those years.
"My dear," he said, "but what about all the money? Where did it all come from?"
"Oh," she said, "that's the money I made from selling the doilies. So far, I have sold 2,500 doilies."
The question is: The old woman let her husband open her shoe box because  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:she was badly ill
B:she was 60 years old
C:she believed in her husband
D:her husband made her angryNorth American black bears are shy animals. They are fearful by nature, and will usuallyrun away if they see or hear people. Because of this, it can be difficult for scientists to learnabout these animals.
In order to study black bears, researchers from New Jersey, USA, catch bears and usedrugs
  to help them go to sleep. Researchers then work out the size and the weight of the bear,take blood to test for diseases, _ a tooth and take it to the lab to find out its age. Fromthese studies, researchers want to find out how many bears live in New Jersey, how long theylive, and how many babies they produce.
But in Minnesota, USA, researchers study bears that are completely awake. The bears knowthe researchers' voices and they are not afraid of die research team. With the help of a few grapes
to keep the bears busy, researchers can touch them to check their hearts, look at their teeth, and do other jobs.Researchers can also walk or sit with bears for hours and make videos to learn about their everyday lives.
In both places, the main purpose is the same--to make sure there is a healthy population of black bears. But theresearch methods and the kinds of information that researchers, are able to collect are quite different.
The question is: Which of the following may NOT be included in the New Jersey studies on bears?
The possible answers are:
A:The age.
B:The way of their communication.
C:The weight.
D:The number of babies they produce.Not long ago, I opened an interesting e-mail from Jennifer, a friend of mine. "I've realized I want to be around people who make me happy," she wrote, "I've been seeing how I feel after communicating with different people and making a mental list of who I feel good about. And you're on my list."
Then she invited me -- and 11 other women-- to a "Movie Night" to be held every six weeks at her house. We'd chat, eat, and watch feel-good movies. She made it clear in her invitation that there was no stress to show up to all or any movie nights. Wonderful! I e-mailed her back immediately. I was in.
Later, Jennifer told me she had some puzzled reactions to her invitation. Though all the women were willing to join, some said they didn't see themselves as cheerful people. "I've told them they didn't have to be cheerful around me all the time. I invited them because they made me feel happy," she says.
Research shows that gatherings such as Jennifer's _ . In a US study, researchers measured  the happiness of 4739 people at regular intervals   over 20 years. The study found that a person's happiness depends on  the happiness of people they connect with. Amazingly, it also found that happiness spreads not only between direct friends, but also among friends of your friends' friends! And those good feelings seem to be the most contagious   among friends of the same sex.
"People with more supportive friends are less likely to develop sadness," says Dr Toupey Luft, a psychologist in Penticyon, British Columbia. "Though you can't choose your family or workmates, you do have control over friendships." With a little effort, you can add more positive  relationships to your social circle. Here's how...
The question is: How many people did Jennifer invite?
The possible answers are:
A:1
B:11
C:12
D:13Do you have to be very smart to live a happy life? The character of McDull   tells you that this is not true. He is famous for having a birthmark on his right eye. He is not very clever, but he has a heart of gold. He is also happy, with lots of dreams. McDull wanted to visit the Maldives  . But his mother didn't have enough money for a trip there. So she lied to him and took him to a place called Hong Kong. The place has a sign that says, "Go to the Maldives." It made McDull very happy. He thought he was really excited in the Maldives!
McDull is just a common pig. He has many dreams, but they never come true. That doesn't stop him trying. McDull lives his life in a simple and happy way. His idea towards life is "Never give up".
The cartoon pig character was created in Hong Kong by Alice Mark and Brian Tse. McDull first showed up as a character in the McMug comics. McMug is another cartoon pig. But McDull is more popular with a huge number of fans everywhere!
The question is: Where are the artists who created McDull from?
The possible answers are:
A:Hong Kong.
B:Japan.
C:America.
D:Not mentioned.People drink tea. There are many kinds of tea, such as black tea, green tea, white tea and yellow tea. People drink a lot of tea in China. Some people drink it because they think it makes them healthy. Many people drink it because it tastes very good. It is delicious.
People drink a lot of tea in Japan. People drink a lot of green tea in South Korea, too. In Vietnam, people like to drink coffee first. Then they drink tea.
People drink a lot of tea in England. Every afternoon, people drink tea. It's "tea time". English people like to drink their tea with milk in it.
Many people drink black tea in the US. In the South, people like to drink sweet tea. Sweet tea is cold black tea with sugar in it.
Most tea comes from China. Some tea comes from India or Sri Lanka. Kenya, Japan and Indonesia also grow tea.
The question is: In England, people like to drink tea with  _  in it.
The possible answers are:
A:sugar
B:ice
C:juice
D:milkMike gets up at half past seven. He has an egg and some milk for breakfast. Then he goes to school. When he is on his way to school, he is thinking, " I tell my teacher that my mother is ill on  Mon---day. I tell him my bike doesn't work on my way to school on Tuesday. What should I say  to--day? Mike thinks it over, but he doesn't have a good idea.
"May I come in?" says Mike at the  door.
"Oh, my boy," says Mr. Brown. "Please look at the clock on the wall. What time is it now?" "It's eight ten," says Mike. Mr. Brown is not happy and says, "You are late for class three times this
week. If all the students are like you, the clock is no use, I think."
" You are wrong, Mr. Brown," says Mike. "If I don't have the clock how do I know I am late for school?"
The question is: What day is it today?
The possible answers are:
A:Monday
B:Tuesday
C:Wednesday
D:ThursdayAsia-Pacific Economic Cooperation(APEC) members met in Beijing from November 5 to 11 to discuss the future of APEC and the overall development of the Asia-Pacific area. APEC, which was set up  in 1989,is a forum  for 21  member countries to develop free trade and economic cooperation throughout the Asia-Pacific area.
Though Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation came to a successful close, the "APEC Blue" has become popular in Beijing, even in China. A clear blue sky in Beijing is difficult to see during the smog  season, so Beijingers gave it a name: "APEC Blue".
"Oh, how beautiful the autumn sky is and how fresh the air is!" This is how most Beijingers feel during APEC. "I hope the APEC Blue will remain, and I believe, through the efforts we continue to make, it will."
A lot of environmentally friendly ways were taken to reduce  the Beijing smog during the APEC meeting, including limiting the number of cars on the road, stopping some factories in neighboring cities and so on.
Perhaps we can learn something from London, where the Great Smog killed 4,000 people :in four days in 1952. Britain then passed its first air pollution act, which required that all power plants in London should be shut down, factories must build taller chimneys, and the heating system must be improved.
In order to keep "APEC Blue", Beijing plans to build air corridors  to blow away pollution. Not all agree with this way. Song Guojun, a professor  of _  at Renmin University, believes that this way will not solve the problem at its root, and only by controlling the source  of pollution will Beijing see bluer skies.
The question is: According to the passage,  _  is not right.
The possible answers are:
A:Beijingers believe the APEC blue will remain, if they continue making efforts.
B:A lot of ways were taken to reduce the Beijing smog.
C:The Great Smog killed 4,000 people :in four days in 1952 in London.
D:Song Guojun believes that no way will solve the problem at its root.I've loved my mother's desk since I was just tall enough to sit above the top of it when mother sat writing letters. Standing by her chair, looking at the ink bottle, pens, and white paper, I decided that the act of writing must be the most wonderful thing in the world.
Years later, during her final illness, mother kept different things for my sister and brother. "But the desk," she said again " is for Elizabeth."[:Zxxk.Com]
I never saw her angry, never saw her cry. I knew she loved me; she showed it action. But as a young girl. I wanted to have heart-to heart talks between mother and daughter.
They never happened. And a _ opened between us. I was " too emotional ". But she lived "on the surface".
As years passed and I had my own family. I loved my mother and thanked her for our happy family. I wrote to her in careful words and asked her to let me know in any way she chose that she did forgive me.
My hope turned to disappointment, then little interest and, finally, peace-it seemed that nothing happened. I couldn't be sure that the letter had even got to mother. I only knew that I had written it, and I could stop trying to make her into someone she was not.
But the present of her desk told me, as she'd never been able to, that she was pleased that writing was my chosen work. I cleaned the desk carefully and found some papers inside-a photo of my father and a one-page letter, folded and refolded many times. It was my letter. " In any way you choose, mother, you always chose the act that speaks louder than words"
The question is: The word "gulf" in the passage means   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:deep understanding between the old and the young.
B:part of the sea going far in land .
C:free talks between mother and daughter.
D:different ideas between mother and daughter .Nick is a knight . But he doesn't like to ride and he doesn't like to fight. Nick likes to read and write, and he likes to knit .
One night, there was a knock at the door. "I need you to fight a dragon !" cried King Kareen.
"But I'm the wrong kind of knight!" said Nick. "I don't like to fight."
"Never mind! Hurry up!" cried the King.
"The dragon is in my bed!" said the King. Nick's knees were knocking. He lifted the blanket  and saw a little dragon. "I'm freezing." The dragon said.
Nick quickly started knitting. He knitted a coat, some long socks and some pants for the dragon. The dragon was glad. "Thank you!" he said and off he went.
"I think you're the right kind of knight!" said the king.
The question is: The dragon was in the King's bed because   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:he liked the king
B:he was hungry
C:he was freezing
D:he liked NickDanny. . Danny:
The pencil is green. It's not mine. It's my friend Kevin's. The eraser is not Kevin's. It's Sally's. She has three erasers. The red pen is Millie's. The ruler is Millie's, too. The blue notebook is not Millie's. It's John's. What's mine? The key is. It's not in my schoolbag. It's in my jacket. Thank you, Kevin, Sally, Millie and John.
The question is: The key is in Danny's   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:schoolbag
B:pencil box
C:cup
D:jacketOnce a small boy lived on a farm which seemed so far away from everywhere.
He needed to get up before the sun rose every morning to help his father on the farm. After an hour he could take a break for a while. Then he climbed up on the walls along the side of the farm. He could see a house with gold windows. "If they could afford gold windows, then there must be other nice things inside the house." He imagined how great it would be to live there. Then he promised himself, "Some day I will go there and see this wonderful place."
One morning, his father would go to the town and told him to stay at home for a rest. Knowing that this was his chance, he took a sandwich and went across the field towards the house with the gold windows.
As the afternoon went on, he began to realize how wrong he was. The house was much farther than he had expected. As he went near the house, he saw no gold windows but instead a place in need of painting. A small girl very close to his age came out of the poor house and stood there. He asked her if she had seen the house with the gold windows.
The girl said, "Sure, I know." and invited him to sit on the porch  . As he sat there, he looked back from where he just came. There he saw the sunset   turned the windows of his house to gold! Now he understood that everyone had his own house with gold windows.
The question is: The story tells us that people sometimes may have the thought   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:Like father, like son
B:Love me, love my dog
C:Every dog has its day
D:The grass is greener somewhere elseSleep is very important. A person who does not sleep dies faster than a person who does not eat. We spend about a third (1/3) of our lives sleeping. That's about 121 days a year!
How much sleep do we need? We are all different. A baby needs 16 hours of sleep every day. Children 6 to 12 years old need an average   of 10 to 12 hours of sleep. Teenagers need 9 to 10 hours of sleep. An adult needs an average of 7 to 8 hours a night. There are some people who need only 3 hours of sleep. Others need 10 hours of sleep. After the age of 50, the average sleep time goes down to 6.5 hours a night. We need less sleep as we get older.
About one in three Americans has a problem with sleep. Many of these people can't fall asleep. The name of this problem is _ . Some people say, "I didn't sleep all night." But that's not really true. They may sleep lightly and wake up several times. In the morning, they only remember the times they were awake  , so they think they were awake all night.
This is not a new problem. Many famous people in history had insomnia. Some of these people had special ideas to make them sleep. Benjamin Franklin had four beds. He moved from one to another to fall asleep. Mark Twain had a different way. He lay on his side   across the end of the bed!
The question is: Which would be the best title for this passage?
The possible answers are:
A:Sleep More!
B:Go to Sleep!
C:Sleep Time
D:Famous PeopleMike comes from the USA. He is twelve years old. His father,Mr. Brown,works in a big factory in Beijing. His mother,Mrs. Brown,teaches English in No.10 Middle School in Beijing. Mike has a sister. Her name is Kate. She is eight years old. It is Sunday today. Mike's family are all at home. Mr. Brown is reading newspapers in a chair. Mrs. Brown isn't reading newspapers. She is in the garden. She is watering the flowers. Where is Mike?He is cleaning his new bike in front of the house.Is Kate with him?No,she isn't. She is in the study. She is playing with her toys.
The question is: How many people are there in Mike's family?
The possible answers are:
A:Three.
B:Four.
C:Five.
D:Six.I'm Larry. I'm really good at selling things. I also love helping people. But I'm not so good at solving  problems. I think I'd like to be a salesman or detective .
I'm Anita. I really like doing things with my hands. I also enjoy working with wood. I don't enjoy working in the same place every day, and I hate being in noisy places. I think I'd like to be a factory worker or a carpenter . 
I'm Jill. I'm good at explaining things and I really like children. I can't stand working long hours. I think I'd like to be a doctor or a teacher.
I'm Maria. I'm really interested in meeting people, and I enjoy wearing different clothes every day. I'm not so good at organizing  my time and I can't stand computers. I am going to be a model.
I'm Jim. I enjoy helping people, but I can't stand working nights and weekends. I want to be a nurse or a social worker.
The question is: Larry wants to be  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:a worker or a teacher
B:a nurse or a doctor
C:a salesman or a detective
D:a model or a carpenterJane  09:45:10
Hi, Jim. Nice to meet you!
I'm a girl. My name is Jane Green. My favorite   color is red. I have a red bike. My bike number is 67582. My telephone number is 873-3516.
Jim 09:46:05
Hi, Jane . Nice to meet you, too!
I'm a boy. My name's Jim Hand. My favorite color is blue. I have a blue car.  My car number is ZA9Z78. And my telephone number is 894-2015.
The question is: The boy's first name is   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:Jim
B:Mary
C:Black
D:GreenIf you usually take the school bus or sometimes need to take public buses to school, there are some important rules you should know.
*When you are waiting for the bus, you should wait at the bus stop, and stand well back.
*When you get off the bus, make sure you and the driver can see each other, and wait for the driver to signal you before you cross the road in front of the bus.
*Never go back for anything you may leave on the bus when it is starting.
*Never bend down near the bus when you walk to or from the bus stop.
*You should cross the street at a crosswalk or a street corner, and wait for the light to turn green or for the WALK crossing signal.
*It is important to look carefully to the left, the right and the left again when you cross the street.
*Remember that it is dangerous to stay in the areas around buses where the driver can't see you. Don't run between parked cars or buses.
*Do not run across the street or through parking areas to catch up with your friends.
The question is: This passage is mainly about  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:safety rules for students by bus
B:safety rules for drivers
C:safety rules for children by train
D:how to cross the streetThere was once a little orphan girl who had no family and no one to love her. She felt sad and lonely .
One day, while she was walking in a garden, she noticed a small butterfly caught in a bush. The more the butterfly tried to free itself, the deeper the thorn cut into its body. The girl carefully helped the butterfly out. Instead of flying away, the little butterfly changed into a beautiful fairy .
"For your wonderful kindness," said the fairy, "I will grant you any wish you like."
The little girl thought for a while and answered, "I want to be happy!"
"Very well!" The fairy leaned toward her and whispered in her ear. Then the good fairy disappeared.
As the little girl grew up, she stayed happy. Everyone asked her the secret of her happiness. She would only smile and answer, "The secret of happiness is that I listened to a good fairy when I was a little girl."
When she was very old and on her death bed, her neighbors were afraid that her secret of happiness would die with her. "Tell us, please," they asked. "Tell us what the good fairy said."
The lovely old woman simply smiled and said, "She told me that everyone, no matter how secure they seemed, how old or young, how rich or poor, had need of me."
Everyone has need of you.
The question is: What happened when the butterfly tried to get itself free from the bush?
The possible answers are:
A:It saved itself.
B:It got cut deeper.
C:It got tired.
D:It got sickMom and Dad are two of the most important people in your life. Over your lifetime, they may influence you more than anyone else you will meet. So if your mom loves to read, you just might grow up carrying a book wherever you go, just as she does. But parents do a lot more than just pass on their hobbies. Moms and Dads need to care for their kids the minute their kids are born. Most parents will do this as long as they live.
Here are some ways you can stay close, get along well, and build a strong relationship( )with your parents.
Spend time together. Instead of playing computer games or watching TV, ask your mom and dad to play with you. Go outside together, or do some reading.
Be kind.Little things might mean a lot to your mom or dad. You can brighten a parent's day with a hug , a card , or a joke. It's also lovely when a kid cleans up his or her room without being asked. And if you try not to fight with your brothers or sisters, your parents will be so happy!
Do your best at whatever you do. You don't have to be perfect, but when you do your best, you make your parents proud. It makes them happy to see how you're turning into a great kid. Why? Because it lets them know
.
The question is: Your parents will be unhappy if you    _    .
The possible answers are:
A:clean up his or her room without being asked
B:fight with your brothers or sisters
C:try your best to do something
D:give them a hugMrs. Black goes to buy a fish with her daughter. She doesn't know how to cook it, so she asks the shopkeeper to write down the way of cooking it on a note. She puts the note in her daughter's pocket and then they leave the shop with the fish.
On their way home, a black cat sees them and follows them. Suddenly  the cat jumps at her, takes the fish away from her quickly and runs off at once. Mrs. Black runs after it, but she can't run faster than it. At last she stops, not knowing what to do. But she suddenly remembers  _ . She laughs and shouts at the cat, "You don't know how to cook it. The note is still in my daughter's pocket!"
The question is: _   tells Mrs. Black how to cook the fish.
The possible answers are:
A:The cat
B:Mr. Black
C:The shopkeeper.
D:Mrs. Black's daughterIt was nearly dark, the sun was dropping down the mountains far away. Little Tom came back home, with tears in his eyes.
"What's the matter, Tom? How's your trip?" his mother asked with a big smile. "I failed. The mountain is so high and full of big or small stones on the way, I still go ahead. But I was tired and it was so late that I had to come back." Tom cried. "It doesn't matter, you are only 14 years old after all. You will have another chance." his mother said. "But, standing at the top of the mountain is my dream!" Tom said. His father came over and asked, "Did you see the green trees on your way to the mountain?" "Sure, and there are a lot of beautiful flowers by the side of the road." Tom replied. "Did you hear the birds singing?" his father asked. "There were many kinds of birds singing in the trees, and the sound was very sweet." Tom said. "Did you feel the beauty of nature?" his father asked. "Yes, the blue sky, the white clouds, the green trees and the colorful flowers made a nice picture." Tom answered. "That's enough!" his father smiled and said, "Please remember, son. For often, achieving what you expect is not the most important thing. Although you didn't reach the top of the mountain, you got a lot on the way."
It is true that not every goal will be achieved, not every job will end up with a success, and not every dream will come true. The most beautiful scenery   is on the way.
,A, B, C, D,,. (5;2,10)
The question is: Tom got back home  _  when the sun was dropping.
The possible answers are:
A:slowly
B:sadly
C:quickly
D:earlyOnce upon a time there was a wise man who used to go to the sea to do his writing. He had a habit of walking on the beach before he began his work. One day he was walking along the shore. As he looked down at the beach, he saw something moving like a dancer. He smiled to himself at the thought that someone would dance on the beach. So he began to walk faster to catch up.As he got close,he saw that it was a young man and the young man wasn't dancing,instead he was reaching down to the shore,picking up something and very gently and throwing it into the ocean. As he got closer he called out,"Good morning!What are you doing?''
The young man paused ,looked up and replied,"Throwing starfishes into the ocean."
"I guess I should have asked ,why are you throwing starfishes into the ocean?"
"The sun is up and the tide is going out.And if I don't throw them in, they will die."
"But ,young man ,don't you realize that there are miles of beach and starfishes all along it. You can't possibly make a difference!"
"The young man listened politely.Then he bent down ,picked another starfish and threw it into the sea ,and said ,It made a difference for that one."
The wise man was lost in thought when the young man kept trying. Yes, there is something very special in every one of us. We have all been gifted with the ability to make a difference. And if we can know that gift, we will gain the power to shape the future.Each of us can do something for the future,each of us must find our starfish. And if we throw our starfishes wisely and well,the world will be better.
The question is: The words "something very special "refer to  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:the gifts from friends
B:the courage to make decisions
C:our own starfish in hand
D:the ability to make a differenceRivers are one of our most important natural resources  . Many of the world's great cities are located  on rivers, and almost every country has at least one river running through it that plays an important role in the lives of its people.
Since the beginning of the history, people have used rivers for transportation . The longest one in the United States is the Mississippi. The lifeline of Egypt is the Nile. To the people of India, the Gangs is great, but it is also important for transportation; Ships can travel along it for a thousand miles. Other great rivers are the Congo in Africa and the Mekong in southeast Asia. The greatest of all for navigation  , however, is the Amazon in Brazil. It is so wide and so deep that large ships can go about two thousand miles upon it.
Besides transportation, rivers give food, water to drink, water for crops , and chances for fun and entertainment for the people who live along their banks. In order to increase  the supply of crops, engineers sometimes build a dam   across a river and let a lake from behind the dam. Then people can use the water not only to irrigate   their fields but also to make electricity for their homes and industries.
However, large cities and industries that are located upon rivers often make problems. As the cities grow in size and industries increase in number, the water in the rivers becomes polluted with chemicals  and other materials. People are learning the importance, however, of doing more to keep their rivers clean if they want to enjoy the benefits   of this natural resource.
The question is: From a dam, people can use the water for   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:keeping the rivers clean
B:only making electricity
C:washing clothes
D:irrigation and making electricityTom:Good evening, Mum.
Mum:Good evening, Tom.
Tom:Do we eat chicken for dinner, Mum?
Mum:No, we eat fish and carrots, dear.
Tom:Mum, I don't like carrots. I like chicken.
Mum:But we need more  vegetables, not only meat . It's not healthy to eat chicken every day.
Tom:OK. But dad likes chicken, too.
Mum:Well, let's eat chicken and tomatoes tomorrow .
Tom:That sounds great!
The question is: What do they eat for dinner?
The possible answers are:
A:Chicken.
B:Carrots.
C:Carrots and fish.
D:Fish.Many animals go on long and difficult journeys to find food or places for their young to start life. They often travel very far, sometimes even halfway around the world.
Some animals make one of these amazing journeys every year, while others make only one amazing journey in their lives. Some animals travel over land, some through water and others in the air.
Green turtles spend most of their lives in the sea, but they come to the shore to lay their eggs. Every two or three years, fully-grown female turtles swim a long way to the same beach where they were hatched   and lay their eggs there. Some turtles may travel over 1240 miles to reach the same beach. No one knows how these turtles are able to find the same beach again.
Monarch butterflies live in North America. At the end of summer, they fly south to Mexico. In spring, they fly back north. During this journey, the adults lay their eggs and then they die. When the young butterflies hatch, they continue the journey north. No one knows how the young butterflies know where to go.
The question is: Monarch butterflies lay eggs  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:in North America
B:in Mexico
C:on the way from Mexico to North America
D:at the end of summerGrade 9
Welcomes You to Parents'Night!
Welcome to Parents' Night at Johnson School On Tuesday night. We will share some of our work with you.
Please spend some time looking around our classroom. Here are some of the things you will find:
A class book, the Bare Facts about Bears, that we just published. Each student wrote one page about a bear of his or her choice.
Some of the bears you will about polar bears.
Maps of the countries we are studying. Through our maps, you will learn about India, Mexico, and France. You will also know about the different countries and languages of these countries.
Models of the planets in our solar system. We used small balls and colored paper to build a model of planets and the sun.
Our classroom store. Here we buy and sell things. We learn about money and also practice math skills.
The question is: Which country will parents learn about through the map?
The possible answers are:
A:China
B:France
C:The UK
D:The USAMost people want to be happy, but few know how to find happiness. Money and success alone do not bring lasting happiness. Aristotle, a Greek thinker, said, "Happiness depends upon ourselves." In other words, we make our own happiness.
Here are a few suggestions to help you be happier.
The first secret of happiness is to enjoy the simple things in life. Too often, we spend so much time thinking about the future --for example, getting into college or getting a good job --that we fail to enjoy the present. You should enjoy life's simple pleasures, such as reading a good book, listening to your favorite music, or spending time with close friends. People who have several close friends often live happier and healthier lives.
Another secret to living a happy life is to be active, and have hobbies where you forget your problems and time. Many people experience this dancing, or playing a sport, such as swimming. You can forget about your problems, and only think about the activity.
Finally, many people find happiness in helping others. Studies show that people feel good when they spend their time helping others. If you want to feel happier, do good things for someone. You can help a friend with his or her studies, go shopping to buy food for an elderly person, or simply help out around the house by washing the dishes.
,
The question is: Which of the following is not mentioned in the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:Reading a good book.
B:Traveling to a foreign country.
C:Playing a sport.
D:Spending time with close friends.Andi Davise, 49, regularly crossed the trail through the Phoenix Mountains Preserve with a few other hikers before sunrise. This morning, however, she met nobody and heard only the sounds of animals.
Some time later, Andi got to the steep slope , she climbed up to the top by using her hands. When she finally reached the top, she noticed a dark shape several inches from her left foot. She was frightened and then looked carefully. "It's a dog and it's dead." she said to herself. It took her a few seconds to realize that the dog's eyes were open. A thin, dirty bull dog was looking at her.
She greeted in a low and soft voice to show she was friendly. The bull dog shook when he heard her voice.
Andi inched closer and dropped some water into the dog's mouth. He tried to stand up but failed. Something was wrong with his left front leg. Andi pulled out her phone to contact her husband, Jason, but he didn't _ . She knew that if she didn't carry the dog down the mountain, he would die.
She carefully put her arms under the dog's body. He was so weak that he fell into her chest.
Andi had great trouble going down the steep, rocky mountainside with the 50-pound animal in her arms. Even her arms and back started aching, she didn't give up. The trip up had taken 30 minutes while going back down took twice that.
Andi's husband received her messages at last. He and their son, Justin, jumped into the car and drove to pick up Andi.
Later that morning, an X-ray showed that the bull dog was badly hurt, he was likely to lose his left leg.
A few days later, the Davises returned to the animal hospital. "The first thing he did was to give me a kiss, then he went right to my son." Andi said. They named the dog Elijah and brought him home that day.
The question is: How did Andi get to the top of the mountain?
The possible answers are:
A:Her husband sent her.
B:Another hiker helped her.
C:She climbed by herself.
D:She reached there by carMy name is Sam. I joined a club called "passing help" last month. Now let me tell you why I joined it.
One evening this May, on my way home my old car broke down .It was 25 miles from my home. I wanted to get a ride , but there was no car. It was also hard to take a taxi. I decided to take a bus home .I went to a bus stop nearby. After a while, a bus came, but it did not go to my town , the bus driver was a young woman. She was kind and she told me which bus I should take. I waited there for about thirty minutes,but no bus came .At last a car came to me and a woman came out of the car .She was just the bus driver.  "When I reached the bus station,I got to know that the bus to your town couldn't  come ,so I returned here .I just can't leave you here ,"she said , " Get in my car and I will take you back to your home."
"It is a long way." I said.
"Come on,sir, "she said,"Let's go."
On the way,she told me a story. A few days ago,there wasn't gas in her car. An old man drove her up to a gas station and then back to her car.
When we got to my home,I wanted to give her some money to thank her,but she didn't accept her. "I only want to help others and do something nice for somebody. Pass it along. " she said.
The question is: The young woman wanted Sam to   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:give her some money
B:get on her bus
C:take her to her house
D:help others just as she didSwimming and English Learning
Can you swim? Do you like swimming? Yes? Well, how can you learn to swim? I think the best way is to go into the water and learn. I'm afraid you'll never learn to swim just by reading books about swimming or looking at others swimming. It's the same with the English study. We must practice, practice and practice.
Listening and speaking are very important for beginners. The children in English-speaking countries first listen to others. Then they try to imitate and speak. We can listen to English programs on radio. You may just understand a few words. It doesn't matter. Just be relaxed, try to catch every word.
Somebody may be a good listener. But he dare not speak. He's afraid of making mistakes. You know we sometimes make mistakes when we speak Chinese. Don't be afraid. We must be brave. If you really want to learn English well, you must try to speak with everyone so long as he knows English. Whether you know him or not is not important when there's nobody to talk with, you can talk to yourself in English. It's interesting and also a good way to practice your spoken English. Remember, the more you speak, the fewer mistakes you'll make.
Reading and writing are more important for senior school students. First we must choose the books we're interested in. A lot of reading will improve your language sense. This is the most important.
Keep writing English diaries. We can also write English articles. You may even post them to English magazines. Don't be afraid of failure. Failure is the mother of success.
Easier said than done. Well, let's do more practice from now on. I'm sure you'll learn English well in this way.
The question is: We can listen to English   _  , according to the passage.
The possible answers are:
A:by train
B:on the radio
C:every minute
D:now and thenHello, everyone! Today I want to introduce my best friend to you. Her name is Rose. Rose is an outgoing    girl. She is not tall. She is very thin. She has a round face and two big eyes.
Her hair is short. She often wears a pink dress, because pink is her favourite colour. She always has a smiling face. Everyone likes her very much. So she has many friends.
Rose is a clever girl. She's our monitor. She works hard at school every day. She is good at English and Maths. She always does her best to help others with their study. She likes asking teachers questions. Her homework is always clean and tidy. Her handwriting is very beautiful. She is a top student in our class.
Rose is a versatile   girl. She can play the piano. She can draw pictures well. She can play table tennis. She can swim. She can do many things very well.
Rose has a pet. It is a small dog. Its name is Xiao Xiong. They are good friends. I like it, too.
Do you like my best friend, Rose? Can you tell me about your best friend?
The question is: What is Rose like?
The possible answers are:
A:She is tall.
B:She is strong.
C:She is thin.
D:She is fat.There are a lot of reasons why growing your own food is a good idea. GIY helps reduce carbon dioxide(CO2) emissions . Food in supermarkets travels a long way and that produces a lot of CO2. If you grow as many vegetables as you can at home, you can help save the earth.
Vegetables you grow are also good for your health because they have more nutrients than supermarket vegetables and they don't have chemicals.
How much money can you save? First of all, seeds are a lot of cheaper than vegetables, and secondly, you can save more by planting the most expensive and the most productive  vegetables. You can give your vegetables to fiends and neighbors. It can make you very popular.
Don't worry if you don't have much space. To GIY, you don't even need a garden. You can use pots on your balconies . And don't worry if your space doesn't get much sun. You can plant vegetables that don't need a lot of sun to grow.
Grow your own vegetables now. You will have both a healthier body and a healthier social life.
The question is: From the passage, we can learn that   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:all vegetables need a lot of sun to grow
B:we can plant vegetables on our balconies
C:vegetables from supermarkets must be a little cheaper
D:we need much space to plant vegetablesJoe Brown had a shop where he sold meat.One day a woman came into the shop at five to one."I'm sorry I'm late."she said, "I need some more meat for my dinner tonight."Joe had only one piece of meat in his shop.He took it out of the fridge and said:"This is $ 6.50."
"That piece is too small."the woman said, "haven't you got anything bigger?"Joe went into the room behind his shop,took the meat into the fridge,took it out again and closed the door with a lot of noise.Then he brought the piece of meat to the woman and said:"This piece of meat is bigger and more expensive.It's $ 8.75."
"Good." the woman said with a smile, "give me both of them, please?"
The question is: What was Joe Brown?
The possible answers are:
A:A bookseller.
B:A shopkeeper.
C:A conductor.
D:A gateman.I'm a school girl. My brother and I are twins. We are both at school. We like school. My parents are both teachers. They work hard. My brother and I study at No. 1 Middle School. There are twenty-five boys and eighteen girls in our class.
We go to school from Monday to Friday. We have no classes on Saturdays and Sundays. We usually get up at six o'clock, and have breakfast at half past six. We come to school at seven o'clock. Classes begin at eight. We have four lessons in the morning and two in the afternoon. We have lunch a fifteen past twelve. At three fifty we have sports.
We study Chinese, math, English, geography, physics, history, politics and other lessons. We like Chinese. We like English, too. Some of us are good at it.
We go home at five o'clock. We have supper at six o'clock. We do our homework at seven every evening and go to bed at half past nine, but sometimes we go to sleep at about ten.
We work hard, we study for the people.
The question is: We begin to do our homework from    _    to    _    every evening.
The possible answers are:
A:Monday; Friday
B:seven; nine
C:school; home
D:six; eightDo you know Shirley Temple? She is an American film and television actress. She was born   on April 23, 1928. She is also good at singing and dancing. She becomes a child star in the 1930s.
What does she look like? She has a round face with big eyes. Lost of people like her curly blonde hair very much. She is lovely and smart. At the age of 6, she makes her first film. Before she is 12, she plays over 40 films. She is also the first Award Oscar in the history of children.
Her mother has no job and her father works in a bank. When she is very young, her mother asks her to learn to sing, dance and act. In September 1931, her mother takes her to Meglin's Dance School in Los Angeles. Shirley Temple passes away   on February 10, 2014.
President Franklin D. Roosevelt says, "It is a great thing that for just fifteen cents, you can go to the movies and look at the nice face of a girl and forget your problems."
The question is: We can learn that Shirley Temple   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:can sing and draw very well
B:becomes a star when she is very young
C:is the second Award Oscar in the history of children
D:goes to Meglin's Dance School in Los Angeles in 1930Everything has a name.All people,places,and things have names.For example,Jenny is the name of a student from England.England is the name of a country.Cities and towns have names,too.Schools and office buildings also have names.For example,tomato,potato and bean are names of vegetables.Apple,orange,and banana are names of fruit.Names are important.We use names every day.When we meet a new person,we usually ask,"What's your name?"It's important to learn a person's name.Most people have two names.Some people have more names.Names are different all over the world.In Jenny's class.Jenny must learn the names of the students from all over the world.This is very difficult because the names are very different.
In the United States,most people have a first name,a middle name and a last name.Parents choose the first and middle names for their babies.There are names for boys and names for girls.The last name is the family name.Usually it is the father's family name.In a family,the mother, the father, and the children usually have the same last name.
Sometimes a person has a _ ,too.A nickname is a special name.It's not a person's real name.Abraham Lincoln's nickname was"Honest Abe".An honest person always tells the truth,and Abe is short for Abraham.Because he was an honest person.his nickname was Honest Abe.Pele is a nickname,too.The football player's real name is Edison Aeraesde Nascimento,but everyone calls him Pele.Do you have a nickname?
Names are different all over the world.They can be long or short.but they are always very important
The question is: Why is it difficult to learn names all over the world?
The possible answers are:
A:Some people have nicknames.
B:There are many names all over the world.
C:Some names are very long,and some are very short.
D:The names in different countries are different.Passage 1
Captain Good fellow
Do your children enjoy interesting stories, funny games, and exciting dances?
Captain Good fellow will be ready to teach all these things to children at the City Theater on Saturday morning at 10:00, free.
Films at the Museum
Two American films will be shown on Saturday afternoon at the Museum
Theater. See Broken Window at 1:30. The Workers will be at 3:45. For further information, call 4987898.
International Picnic
Are you tired of eating the same food every day? Come to Central Park on Saturday and enjoy food from all over the world. Delicious and not expensive. Noon to 5:00 p. m.
Take me out to the Ball game
It's October, and Saturday night (7:00-9:00) is your last chance to see the Red Birds this year. Get your tickets at the gate. It might be cold. Don't forget sweaters and jackets.
Do you want to hear "The Zoo"
"The Zoo", a popular music group from Australia, will give their first U.S. concert this Saturday night, at 8:00 in Rose Hall, City College.
,.
The question is: The Red Birds ball game    _  .
The possible answers are:
A:is in the afternoon
B:is outside
C:is at the gate
D:might be warmMr Smith gave his wife  money every Friday evening. His wife always spent it all the next Wednesday, so that for the next three days she had no money to spend at all. One day Mr Smith asked her, "But how did you spend all that money?" She answered, "I don't know ."So on Friday evening, Mr Smith gave her money together with an exercise book and a pencil. He said to his wife , "Please write down how you spend the money ."Next Tuesday, his wife had no money again. Mr Smith took the exercise book to see how she had spent it. "I have done what you told me,"she said gladly . She had written "Friday, I got 18 pounds from Mr Smith. " on the first page, and on the second page, she wrote , "Tuesday, I have spent it all."
The question is: Smith gave his wife an exercise book and a pencil and asked her   _   .
The possible answers are:
A:to do homework
B:to draw a picture on it
C:to write down how she spent the money
D:to have a lookSophia is very happy these days. The 13-year-old girl from the UK has a lot of fun during her trip in Beijing. She eats dumplings, tries Chinese calligraphy , climbs the Great Wall and speaks Chinese, all for the first time!
She even stays with a Chinese family for a week. "Beijing is very big and beautiful. And the people here are very nice!" She says. Sophia comes with her teachers and classmates from the UK. The students in Shangdi Experimental Primary School of Haidian District receive them. These two schools are "Heart to Heart" schools. There are 200 "Heart to Heart" schools in Beijing. Each of them has a partner school in a foreign country. They meet and get to know each other.
The question is: How old is Sophia?
The possible answers are:
A:15
B:14
C:13
D:11The computers changed our lives in the 1980s, the Internet changed our lives in the 1990s, and the robots will change our lives in the new century.
Do you think there will be robots in people's homes? It's not a dream that every home will have a robot.
Now, robots are not only able to help people do the housework, they can also help the doctors do the difficult operations, play chess with people, play the piano and so on.
A new cooking robot is used in Beijing. It can cook all the dishes on the menu, you only need to wait two to four minutes, in the future, the robot will be a nurse, a security guard, or a partner in your life.
Experts  believe robots will be used everywhere from the industrial( ) robots to service robots. In the future, robots will become part of the family, and provide else service for people. We all look forward to the new robot age.
The question is: According to the passage, we know that a new cooking robot is being used in  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:the future
B:Beijing
C:many countries
D:many familiesHong Kong Harbor Night Cruise  
Enjoy the delicious dinner on the ferry 
and watch the beautiful city lights
Time : 6:30 p.m.- 9:30 p.m.
Price : Adults : HK$ 180    Children under 12 : HK$ 100
Start / Finish : Kowloon Public Pier  
Tel : (852) 2853 3888
E - mail:enquiry@chinatravel1.co
The question is: You are 8 years old, how much will you pay?
The possible answers are:
A:HK$100
B:HK$180
C:HK$90
D:HK$50My son Xiao Guang is 11 years old. He is a tall boy. He is a student at Yucai Primary School.
He loves table tennis and he is good at it. He often plays table tennis with his classmates. The training  makes him strong. After training, he enjoys watching table tennis games on TV.
I am a worker and I also play table tennis. I play it because my son enjoys playing it and I want to be his partner .
At weekends, I go to a table tennis club with my son. There are many players there. They are friendly. Sometimes, we play table tennis with other players.
I think it is a good sport. It helps me feel good. In my eyes, my son plays better than me. But in his eyes, I am a better player. I hope my son will play in the national team in the future.
The question is: When do Xiao Guang and his father go to a table tennis club?
The possible answers are:
A:Every day after school.
B:On Monday afternoon.
C:On Tuesday morning.
D:At weekends.Mr. Lee was in bed and was trying to go to sleep when he heard the bell ring. He turned on the light and looked at his clock. It was twelve o'clock. "Who can it be at this time of night?" He thought. He decided to go and find out. So he got of bed, put on his dressing gown and went to the door. When he opened the door, there was nobody there. "That is very strange." Then he went back to his bedroom, took off his dressing gown, got back into bed, turned off the light and tried to go to sleep.
A few minutes later he heard the bell again. Mr. Lee jumped out of bed very quickly and rushed to the door. He opened it, but again he found no one there. He closed the door and tried not to feel angry. Then he saw a piece of paper on the floor. He picked it up. There were some words on it: "It is now after midnight, so it is April Fool's Day. April Fool to you!"
"Oh, it was the English boy next door!" Mr. Lee exclaimed   and almost smiled. He went back to bed and felt asleep at once. The bell did not ring again.
The question is: Mr. Lee went to bed   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:before twelve o'clock
B:after twelve o'clock
C:as soon as the bell rang
D:when he saw the boyDown by the salley gardens
Down by the salley gardens
my love and I did meet;
She passed the salley gardens
with little snow-white feet.
She bid me take love easy,
as the leaves grow on the tree;
But I, being young and foolish,
with her would not agree.
In a field by the river
my love and I did stand,
And on my leaning shoulder
she laid her snow-white  _ .
She bid me take life easy,
as the grass grows on the weirs;
But I was young and foolish,
and now am full of tears.
The question is: The best word to fill in the blank of Line 12 should be   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:head
B:face
C:hand
D:armI was being interviewed by a senior manager for a major insurance  company. I told him honestly why I wanted the job----I needed to keep my family in Boston. My wife recently died of a heart attack. A job in Boston would help me reduce some of the extreme trauma   and pain of the loss for my 16-year-old daughter. It was important for me to keep her in her high school. I could still hardly talk about the loss of my wife.
Bruce, the interviewer, was politely empathetic, but he didn't probe any further. He admitted my loss and with great respect, moved on to another subject. After the next round of the interview, Bruce took me to lunch with another person. Then he asked me to take a walk with him. He told me that he, too, had lost his wife. And, like me, he had also been married 20 years and had three children.
In his sharing, I realized that he had experienced the same pain as I had -----a pain that was almost impossible to explain to someone who had not lost a beloved one. He offered his business card and home phone number and suggested that, if I need help or just want someone to talk to, I should feel free to give him a call.
Whether I got the job or not, he wanted me to know that he was there if I ever needed help. When he had no idea if we would ever see each other again, he helped our family deal with one of the greatest losses. He turned the normally cold business interview into a caring support for another person in need.
The question is: What is the best title for the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:An Act of Kindness
B:A Pleasant Interview
C:The Same Experience
D:An Important LessonLittle Mike's grandma died weeks ago. He missed her very much. One afternoon Mike went to the city park where his grandma used to go. There he saw an old lady. She looked very kind. She was sitting there, watching pigeons . Little Mike went up and sat next to her. He took out his food and drinks and gave some to her. She smiled at him. Her smile was so sweet that Mike wanted to see it again. She seemed to understand him, so once again she smiled. Mike was very glad.
They sat there all the afternoon, eating and talking. As it got dark, Mike got up to leave. Before he left, he hugged the old lady and she gave him her sweetest smile.
When Mike got home, his mother was surprised by the look of joy on his face. "I met a granny in the park. Her smile was like the kind of smile I had seen on Grandma's face."
The old lady also returned to her home happily. She told her son that she had food and drinks with a little boy. "He was as lovely as Brittany," she said. Her son was surprised, because he had never seen her so happy since Brittany, her grandson, died weeks ago.
.
The question is: The old lady's smile showed that   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:she had hoped to meet the boy
B:she wanted to get some drinks
C:she missed her grandson
D:she liked the little boyHelen Keller lived in the U.S.A. She was a great woman. When Helen Keller was a baby, she got very sick. After many weeks, the doctor said, "She is better, but now she can't see and she can't hear." Her mother and father were very sad.
After a few years, things got worse. There was no way for Helen to speak to other people. She heard nothing. She saw nothing. She didn't understand anything.
Then one day a teacher came to live with Helen and her family. The teacher helped Helen learn about words. Helen was a bright child and soon she learned to spell her first word. When she was older, she went to college.
Helen was very famous. She helped many blind and deaf people. She traveled around the world and helped many people.
Helen was a very old woman when she died. The world remembers her today as a brave and wonderful person. She was blind and deaf, but she found a way to see and hear.
,.
The question is: Helen Keller was blind and deaf, but  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:she found a way to understand the world
B:her mother and father didn't feel sad
C:she found a way to travel around the world
D:she found out how people became blind and deafElephants have very strong legs.Their legs are like trees.They usually walk slowly because they are so big,but they walk very quietly.
Wild elephants living in the jungle  usually stay together in big families.Usually one old elephant leads them.The others follow their leader.They usually move about at night,looking for food.In the hot daytime,they go to sleep in the cool shade of the trees.Elephants are kind animals.When one of them is hurt and cannot pull itself to its feet,the other elephants lift it up and help it to walk.
Some people say that elephants never forget.They remember people who are kind or bad to them.There are many about this.
The question is: Wild elephants living   _   usually stay together in big families.
The possible answers are:
A:in the zoo
B:in the suburbs
C:in the jungle
D:in the citiesMy name is Sally Miller. I am a student in No. 3 Middle School. Look! This is a ruler. It's yellow. It's not my ruler. Who lost it?
"Anna, is this your ruler?" I ask my friend.
"No, it isn't. My ruler is white. And it's in my pencil box now," Anna answers.
"Excuse me, Jack. Is this your ruler?"
"No, it isn't. My ruler is black." Jack answers.
"You can ask your cousin Jenny. She can't find her ruler."
"Hi, Jenny! Is this your ruler?" I ask.
"Yes, it's mine. Thank you very much," Jenny says. She is very happy to find her ruler.
The question is: Anna is Sally's   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:sister
B:cousin
C:friend
D:auntThis story is about a young man.He worked very hard at his lessons.He was too busy to have a rest.At last, he became ill, so he couldn't go to sleep.Every night, when he went to bed, he closed his eyes and tried to sleep.But the more he tried, the more he stayed awake.
After a while he decided to visit the doctor."I just can't go to sleep at night.What should I do?"
"I have a suggestion," said the doctor."Try counting numbers.By the time you reach one thousand, you'll be asleep.I'm sure of it."
The next day the man returned to the doctor's office."Well," said the doctor, "how are you today? Did you try my suggestion?"
The man still looked tired."Yes," he said, "I tried counting one, two, three...up to one thousand.But when I reached five hundred and sixty-nine, I began to feel sleepy.I had to get up and drink some tea so that I could go on counting up to one thousand.But then I still couldn't fall asleep."
The question is: The young man  _  in fact.
The possible answers are:
A:didn't understand the doctor's suggestion
B:was not able to count numbers
C:didn't try the doctor's suggestion
D:wasn't ill at allIn 1620,about half the USA was covered by forests .Today the forests have almost gone .A lot of good land has gone with them ,leaving only sand .China doesn't want to copy the USA's example.We're planting more and more tress .We've built the "Great Green Wall "of tress across northern pat of our country .The "Great Green Wall"is 7,000 kilometers long ,and between 400 and 1,700 kilometers wide .It will stop the wind from blowing the earth away .It will stop the sand from moving towards the rich farmland in the south .More "Great Green Wall "are needed .Trees must be grown all over the world. "Great Green Wall "will make the world better .
,.
The question is: Trees must be grown in   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:China
B:the   USA
C:some countries
D:every part of the worldMr. and Mrs. Harris had always spent their summer holidays in a small hotel at the seaside near their hometown. One year, however, Mr.  Harris made a lot of money in his factory, so they decided to go to a foreign country and stay at a really good hotel.
They flew to Paris, and arrived at a 5-star hotel late in the evening. They thought they would have to go to bed hungry, because in that small hotel where they used to stay in the past, no meals were served after seven in the evening. They were surprised to be told that the hotel served dinner until ten.
"Then what are the times of meals?" asked Mrs. Harris.
"Well, Madam, we serve breakfast from seven to eleven, lunch from twelve to three, tea from four to five, and dinner from six to ten."
"But that hardly leaves any time for us to see the city!" said Mrs. Harris.
The question is: Why did Mr. and Mrs. Harris think they would have to go to bed hungry when they arrived at the hotel?
The possible answers are:
A:Because it's a 5-star hotel.
B:Because they thought no meals would be served late in the evening.
C:Because they were very tired after the trip.
D:Because they didn't want to eat anything.Four-bedroom house for sale
This house is on a quiet street only a few meters from the beach. It has a wonderful view of the sea and would suit a family or an investor . There are many international cafes and restaurants nearby, and it is only a short walk to the stores. It's near the bus stops. The house has two floors. On the first floor there is a modern kitchen, a large sitting room, a dining room, and a bathroom. On the second floor you will find four bedrooms. There are also two bathrooms. There is also a swimming pool and a beautiful garden around the house.
Please telephone Jim Watson at 014-735-8383.One -bedroom apartment  for sale
This apartment is on the top floor of a six-floor building and has a wonderful view of the city. There is a big park near the building. It is near the centre of the city. It will be a good home for a young couple . The apartment is freshly painted. A modern kitchen and a tidy bathroom make it very comfortable. The owners need money, so they are eager to sell it. Call Julie Kelly at 014-735-8484 for more information
The question is: If you want to see the house, how could you see inside of it?
The possible answers are:
A:Call Jim and he will show you.
B:Ask people living there to show you.
C:Go there. The door is open.
D:You can only see pictures.House for Sale
Y=250, 000, built in 2010
The house with 3 bedrooms, a bathroom, a living room, a kitchen and a breakfast room. It's in the south of Hezhou.
Shiji Supermarket, the biggest shopping centre in our city will open on July 8, 2011. Everybody with today s Hezhou Daily will get a small present that day. You are welcome.
Tel: 6668888
Add: No. 8 Renmin Road Hezhou Daily
June 8, 2011
Rose's Special Concert
Time: 2 p. m. , July 2, Saturday
Place: People's Stadium
Ticket Price: RMB 150 yuan for adults; 70 yuan for students June
25 , 2011
The question is: Everybody with a Hezhou Daily of June 8, 2011 will get a small present from  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:every supermarket
B:Renmin Road
C:Hezhou Daily
D:Shiji SupermarketThese are Cara and Ben. They are twins  . They are twelve. This is their bedroom. It's a nice room. There are two beds in the room. The yellow bed is Cara's and that green one is Ben's. The twins have one desk and two chairs. The chairs look the same. Cara's sweater is on his bed. Ben's coat is on his chair. Their clock, books and pencil-boxes are on the desk. Their schoolbags are behind the chairs.
The question is: Cara and Ben have   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:two chairs and one desk
B:two desks and chair
C:two chairs and two desks
D:one desk and one chairWhen I was young,I liked to play jokes on people I knew, especially on my parents and friends. One day my mother was cooking and I was playing with my younger brother Tony. Suddenly I ran to my mother and said: "Tony fell from the open window!" She was very worried and ran out of the kitchen. Then I said: "Don't worry, I'm just joking." My mother shouted at me, "If you do it again, I'll hit you."
Another day I went swimming with my friends in the sea. I wanted to play a joke on them. In the beginning I swam fast and I called out "Help!". All my friends came to help me. However, they found that I was joking. But half an hour later I wasn't joking. I was so fast, soon I got tired and couldn't swim on in water. I tried my best to call my friends for help, but this time nobody came to help me.
In the end they found I was telling the truth. They came and saved my life. They took me to the hospital. This is the best lesson in my life. From then on I haven't joked on anyone.
The question is: The story tells us that   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:swimming is dangerous
B:the writer is a naughty boy
C:one can play jokes only on people he knows
D:if someone always tells lies, others won't trust   himHi, I'm Nick. I am very busy from Monday to Friday. In the morning, I always get up and take a shower at six ten. After half an hour, I have breakfast. After I finish eating, I get dressed and go to school by bike. It takes me about twenty minutes to get to school.
After school, I go to the English club. Because my English is not very good, I join the English club at school. The students in the club get together to practice speaking English at half past five. We can talk in English and we can tell English stories in the club. It is good for us to improve our English.
The question is: When does Nick have breakfast?
The possible answers are:
A:At 5:45.
B:At 6:10.
C:At 6:40.
D:At 7:00.Cell phones _  are all around us.We use cell phones to call our friends,send text messages,play games,and even take photographs. Now imagine using your cell phone to call your air conditioner . If this were possible you could tell your air conditioner to rum on before you got home.Does this sound impossible to you? Well,it could become possible sooner than you think.In the near future,we might use cell phones as remote controls for the electrical devices in our homes.People are already working to develop different ways to communicate wirelessly  with devices we use every day.For example,it is already possible for cell phones to communicate with laptop computers.Business people using laptops during meetings Call use their cell phones as remote controls.They can use their cell phones to send instructions to computers to turn on,change pictures,and turn off.
With the same technology ,people can use their cell phones to control other devices.You can call your stereo to play music automatically .You can call your lights to turn on when you enter a room.Maybe even by next summer you will be able to call your air conditioner !
The question is: Cell phones can be used to rum on and off   _  in the future.
The possible answers are:
A:a special computer
B:different kinds of devices
C:cell phone companies
D:remote controlsThere's one language that is used in every country in the world. It's everyone's second language. It's easy to be understood, although you can't hear it. It's sign language.
When you wave to a friend who is crossing the street, you're using sign language. When you raise your hand in class, you're saying, "I think I know the correct answer."
Babies can point at things. They're using sign language. A policeman who wants to stop the traffic holds up his hand. He's using sign language, too.
Sign language is a bridge between the deaf and non-disabled people. They use the movement of the hand, arms or body to express a speaker's thoughts.
Today, in many countries, there are special TV news programs for deaf people. The news reporter tells the news in sign language. At the same time, the words appear on the TV screen. The actors in the theater for the deaf often use their hands to show what they want to say. They can make a roof with their hands over their heads when they want to show "house". One finger over a person's mouth can mean "quiet". You can talk to people behind closed windows. And when you go swimming with your friends, you can have a talk under water with sign language.
The question is: When one raises his hand in class, that means   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:He doesn't know the correct answer
B:he wants other students' help
C:he is very nervous
D:he may know the correct answerIt was a cold and wet night. Over the radio came the message to deal with an accident in one of the side streets of the city. The scene of the accident wasn't far away and we arrived after 10 minutes. Two cars had crashed. Two women were lying on the street and one driver was still in the car. The driver was quite drunk  and kept shouting to us. He didn't get badly hurt. A young woman died at once when the two cars crashed. I was holding the other woman and tried to stop the bleeding, but at last I had to watch her die in my arms.
Three months later, I saw the driver in court and found him to be a normal person. He was sorry for his actions. In the end, he was put into the prison for several years. A man isn't a man if he drinks 10 beers in an hour. A man is a man when he knows his limit and takes responsibility . When he can stay away from wine, he can drive more safely.
The question is: In the writer's opinion, a man can't drive   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:with two women
B:after drinking wine
C:on a cold and wet night
D:if he doesn't drink 10 beers in an hourFrank is my friend. His family is rich. His parents always give him lots of pocket money. But Frank thinks his parents work very hard and it's not easy for them, so he always tries his best to save money. He has some good ways to do it.
Frank likes reading. He has lots of books. He tells me he often buys books online, because they're cheaper. And when he has free time, he often goes to bookstores or libraries to do some reading.
Frank has a bike. He usually goes to school by bike instead of taking a bus. Sometimes when it rains or snows, he walks. These two ways help Frank keep healthy and save some money.
Frank brings a bottle of water to school every day. When other students drink juice, he enjoys his water. He thinks water is the cheapest but the best drink.
Some students think Frank is mean. But I don't think so. I think he is right. What do you think of him?
The question is: What does the writer think of Frank?
The possible answers are:
A:He is wrong.
B:He is right.
C:He is mean.
D:He is clever.One day Mrs. Wilson went shopping with Tracy and Ben. They went to the supermarket in the new shopping center." Why do you buy things here?" Tracy wanted to know. "Because they are cheaper here than at the corner store near our home," Mrs. Wilson said." Help me check the prices, please." The Wilsons were not rich and Mrs. Wilson was always careful with her money. She looked carefully after the prices of things. She bought lots of things in the supermarket. When they got home, the children said," We don't think you saved money by going to the supermarket." "Of course I did," Mrs. Wilson said. " Everything was cheaper there." "We know," the children said," but we came home by taxi because we had too much to carry. The taxi fare was more than the money that you save! " Mrs. Wilson added everything up. Her children were right.
The question is: Mrs. Wilson   _   in the end.
The possible answers are:
A:spent more money
B:paid less money
C:lost some money
D:saved a little moneyActually, long-distance bicycle camping is one of the happiest activities I have ever experienced. I generally sleep poorly at night, but in the woods on a tour, I sleep like a baby with the music of insects. In the morning, birds wake me up. I eat a snack before getting up, and then I quickly pack my sleeping bag, tent, and other things and get on the road. Usually I have less speed. Traveling by bike allows me to stop anywhere, such as lakes(especially places to swim), woods, and scenic spots .
Somewhere near lunch, I find a small drugstore and buy some bread, sandwich materials, and fruit. In the afternoon, my speeds are higher, and I spend less time at stops. In the late afternoon, I start thinking about stopping. I finally find a place in the early evening, cook a simple meal, and rest and cool off. As it starts to get dark, I put up my tent, and fall asleep.
There are exciting times and difficult times as well. Visiting strange or famous places are always exciting to me. I meet and talk with interesting people along the way. Enjoying beautiful scenes, meeting wild animals(usually at my camping site), and traveling up and down hills also make me cheerful. On the other hand, I may run into rainy or hot days, have to repair my bike, or just find myself in a bad state. The problems are easily dealt with. The pleasures remain in my mind for years.
The question is: It can be inferred from the passage that the writer   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:enjoys a free and pleasant bike ride
B:rides a bike to work every day
C:is afraid to meet animals on the road
D:is unhappy to ride a bike aloneElsie Comer is nearly 92, but she can still play a game of Words with Friends on her iPad and claims    that the Apple product has changed her life.
Mrs. Comer, who lives in a house close to Manchester Airport, admits  to playing the hugely popular puzzle game at a time and also uses her iPad to track the planes that fly overhead and explore the world with Google Earth.
"It's been a wonderful ,way to keep in touch with my family, " she said. "I use it nearly all the hours of daylight. 2-3 hours in the morning. then again in the  afternoon. " I live near the airport ,  so I love being able to look at the Flight Tracker and see where the planes that fly overhead are going. I also really like Words with Friends .  and have 16 games going at a time.
Mrs. Comer taught painting when she left school. She did own a laptop. But struggled( )  with it. "She had a laptop before, but the problem was  that she couldn't see the cursor , and that she also has shaky hands that struggle with the mouse. "  said her 63-year-old daughter, Jean Holt ,  from Citheroe. "I was in America visiting my daughter, and I played with an iPad and decided to buy one for my mother.
Mrs. Holt loaded the iPad with apps   gradually so her mother could learn how to use them. "She uses it several hours a day, and is determined   to keep up with everything new, so she reads the news, sends emails, and uses FaceTime to make video calls to us all." she said.
ELSIES FAVORITE  APPS
Words with Friends-a free Scrabble-like puzzle app
Flight Tracker-allowing her to see the details of planes that fly over her home
 FaceTime-used to make video calk to her family around the world
iMessage-used to send text messages to mobile phones
Solitaire-a classic card Same
The question is: Why does the writer write this passage?
The possible answers are:
A:To tell us the secrets of how Mrs. Comer keeps healthy.
B:To describe how co use Apple apps in our daily life.
C:To explain Mrs. Corner makes a living alone.
D:To prove iPad has good effect on Mrs. Comer's life.Want ads
(1) Wanted :"Are you hard-working ?" Do you like to meet people? If your answer is "Yes", then we have a job for you as a waiter, call AL Hotel at 556779!
(2)Summer Job: Do you like to talk with people ? Do yu like to write stories? If you want to work for our magazine as a reporter. Please call Karen at 558366.
(3)Help wanted: Do you like babies ? Can you look after one baby for two days ? If you are sure to take good care of it, call us at 766588. $80 or more. Today ! Hurry !
(4)Cleaner wanted: Can you make a large house clean and tidy? If you hope to get the job paid at $20 once, call us this evening 18:00-20:00 Tel : 633800.
The question is: _  are needed in AL hotel.
The possible answers are:
A:Cleaners
B:Baby-sitters
C:Reporters
D:WaitersOn very cold winter days , a group of Japanese children travelled a long way and arrived at a small island where nobody lived. After setting up a camp, they caught fish in the sea, and walked on the snow to find firewood , wild fruit and fresh water. Then they made a fire to do some cooking. They were not homeless children or modern Robinson. They were all pupils from a primary school and campers of special " hardship   camp".
Every year primary and middle schools in Japan organize such camps to train the children's _ of bearing   hardship. Such places as thick forests and far-off mountains are chosen as camp places.
The Japanese education circles usually think it necessary to give children chances of suffering hardships. Children in Japan now may hardly find times of hardships, because of the rapid growth of national economy and improvement in the people's living conditions. The experts think that such hardship camps can help children learn to live and develop in the struggle against nature in modern society.
It's said that such hardship camps are warmly accepted by both Japanese school children and their parents.
The question is: What one group of children did on a small island would help them to learn   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:how to travel in places where nobody lived
B:about islands and seas
C:what to do at home or school
D:to live in the struggle against nature"We're going to move," Jimmy said to Mr. James,her teacher, with tears  in her eyes. "Dad lost his job and now we don't have enough money to live in our house." Pam was walking by and just heard Jimmy's talk with Mr.James.
In the lunchroom Pam met Carol and said, "I've got something to tell you about Jimmy." As she started to tell Carol about Jimmy's dad, several other classmates stopped to listen. Pam felt bad telling what she had heard but she went on anyway.
After school, Pam saw some of her classmates talking to Jimmy. "Where does your dad work?" one of the boys asked. Jimmy's face turned red. She left without answering. Pam felt terrible, because she didn't mean to hurt Jimmy. And she hadn't thought that some of the classmates would make jokes and laugh at Jimmy about her father's losing the job. Pam didn't know what she could do to help Jimmy.
The question is: Jimmy's face turning red show that she didn't   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:feel well enough
B:know the answer
C:want to talk about her father
D:want to leave othersIn our big city there are a lot of shops near the Department Store. They make a big shopping center and sell all kinds of things. You can always buy everything you want here. Here is a list (;) of big shops.
NameTelephoneAddress
Department Store41853051No.189 Yonghua Road
Mobile Phone Store41653789No.67 Xiangyang Road
Old Wang Shoemaker41861736No.180.Yonghua Road
Shanghai Sweater Shop41615789No.75 Xiangyang Road
Yiwu Shopping Market41836547No.190 Heping Road
Zhiyuan Computer Company41653786No.68 Xiangyang Road
Xiwang Toy Shop41586327No.195 Heping Road
Yang Liuqing Painting Store41861861No.192.Yonghua Road
The question is: How many big shops are on Yonghua Road?
The possible answers are:
A:Eight.
B:Three.
C:Two.
D:Six.Do you like listening to music? Does all of the music bring happiness to you? Do you know some music is noise? What is noise? Noise is a loud or unwanted sound. It is also called noise pollution.
Where is noise from? Noise can be caused by many kinds of machines, such as motorcycles, planes, farm tractors and TVs. And, to some people, rock bands are also noise.
What happens to people who live near noisy machines or use them over a period of time? Doctors find that noise pollution can influence both our health and behavior. It can cause high stress levels, hearing loss, sleep problems, and other harmful effects.
Scientists use a unit  of measure  called a decibel to measure the loudness of a sound. The sound of a quiet room, for example, measures 35 decibels. Talk measures between 40 to 65 decibels. Sounds from traffic and from some rock bands can measure over 120 decibels. Noise at this high level causes the greatest hearing loss.
How do we reduce noise damage? Turn down your music player or wear ear muffs  when you are working in a noisy environment. Ear muffs for human can protect against noise pollution.
The question is: We can infer from the passage that .
The possible answers are:
A:noise is only from traffic
B:any sound can hurt people
C:noise is a serious problem
D:rock music doesn't belong to noiseJohn was travelling around the country in the town. One evening he was driving along a road and looking for a small hotel. When he saw an old man at the side of the road, he stopped his car and said to the old man, "I want to go to the Sun Hotel, Do you know it?"
"Yes," the old man answered, "I'll show you the way."
He got into the car, and they drove for about twelve miles. When they came to a small house, the old man said, "stop here. "
John stopped and looked at the house and said, "but this isn't a hotel"
"No," the old man answered, "this is my house. And now I'll show you the way to the Sun Hotel, Turn around and go back nine miles, then you'll see the Sun Hotel on the left."
The question is: How far did John drive after the old man got on his car?
The possible answers are:
A:five miles
B:twelve miles
C:three miles
D:nine milesNext time you're in a public place, take a look around you, and count how many people are using their phones. I can tell you that it is probably more than half, whether you're in a bus, in a cafe or simply walking down the street.
I'm not saying that I am not an example of this, but I wonder how people can spend so much time on their phones without actually talking to anyone in particular. We can now do almost anything with a phone. But has it gone too far? We spend too much time on our mobiles but not enough time talking to people in real life.
Last time I visited London, I traveled by subway. I noticed that almost everybody else
was on their phones except those who were asleep. People were playing games, reading articles and listening to music.
Recently, my smart phone broke and I had to use an old basic phone just to keep in touch with my family and friends. I could only send text messages, make calls and play one game with it. And I loved it. I loved being free from the Internet, and I really didn't mind what my friends were doing or what the latest news was. I could enjoy my time watching the people around me and seeing what was going on.
However, I  knew that as soon as I got my smart phone back, I would be one of those people once again.
The question is: The writer finds that   _   people are using their phones in public places.
The possible answers are:
A:most
B:few
C:half
D:allPosted: 06/19/2014 12:00 a.m.
Lucy Li, an 11-year-old girl, is the youngest person to qualify for   a US Women's Open golf tournament  .
She was qualified for the US Women's Open in May. When she set a new record by seven strokes .And today she is playing against some of the best female golfers in the world.
Earlier this week Li said that she wasn't nervous about becoming the centre of attention at today's game. "I just want to have fun and play the best I can and I really don't care about the result. I can learn a lot from these great players."
Li doesn't spend all her time golfing. She is home-schooled in an online Stanford University programme. Her favourite subjects are Maths, History, and Science and she loves to read. She also loves medicine, diving, badminton, dancing, and table tennis.
But golf is her favourite sport. "I like golf because it's different from other sports. Anybody can play it." she said.
Some female golfers are worried that Li isn't quite ready for the Open. "When I found out she was qualified, I said, where does she go from here? You qualify for an Open at 11, what do you do next? If she was my kid, I wouldn't let her play in the US Open at all, but that's just me," said world champion Stacy Lewis.
Dottie Pepper, an ESPN analyst , thinks that the most important thing is that Li doesn't think of winning.
"If the success for her is not based on   score, then I don't think she's too young. The important thing for her is to treat the whole experience as a kid on the golf score. Forget expectations." Dottie said.
The question is: We can infer  from the report that Stacy Lewis  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:doesn't feel surprised at the ll-year-old player can play in the US Open
B:thinks Lucy Li can have a bright future
C:doesn't support Lucy Li to play in the US open
D:expects to play with Lucy Li in the US OpenBetty and I are best friends. Our birthdays are on the same day, so every year we have a birthday party together. But this year we had a costume party instead.
While we were writing the invitations, my mom came in and asked, "Nancy, what about inviting John?" John had been in our class for only a few months, but he was already getting better grades in math than anyone else in our class. "Mom, he wears the same pants to school every day. How could he even afford a costume?" Mom said nothing.
The next day, mom gave me an envelope  with a shopping card in it. "I thought it would be nice for you to give this to John." Mom said. But how? We didn't want to make John embarrassed. We discussed it for a long time. Finally, Betty and I had a good idea.
On the day of our party, John arrived, in an old sheet ,but still in the same brown pants as usual. Before eating the birthday cake, Betty said in a loud voice, "Now it's time for the great prize game." It was a math game. None of us were surprised when John gave the right answer first and walked off with the envelope.
Everything went well as we planned. John wore a new pair of pants and a new shirt the next week. He felt happy. So did we.
The question is: Nancy and Betty are   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:best friends
B:cousins
C:sisters
D:brother and sisterTeaching is one of the most rewarding  jobs. It is also one of the most stressful. If you want to be a teacher, you should have a passion  for young people. If you are thinking about going into teaching for any other reason than this, you need to find another job.
Teaching is difficult. Students can be difficult. Parents can be difficult. If you do not have a passion for the young people that you teach, you will burn out quickly. Passion is what keeps an excellent teacher going. When students have trouble understanding what is taught, it is what drives him to spend long hours trying to think out how to help them. If you do not have enough passion for your students, you might last a year or two, but not long. Passion is a must-have quality  for every good teacher.
Teaching can be rewarding, but you shouldn't expect that reward to come easily. Teachers who search out better and new methods are the ones who will make it. A good teacher needs to be able to work with everyone. All teachers face stress. It is important to be able to deal with everything that is thrown at you when you walk through your classroom doors. There are so many chances for stress within a classroom that an excellent teacher has to be able to bring it in control. If you cannot manage stress quite well, then teaching may not be the right job for you.
The question is: An excellent teacher knows   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:how the reward as a teacher will come
B:how to manage everything that happens in his work
C:how long his passion for young people will last
D:how many new methods he will have to useMemory is essential  for life. We have a short-term memory and a long-term memory. When we get old, our short-term memory becomes weaker, but we can still remember things that happened a long time ago. There are many things we can do to improve our memory, such as using various memorizing methods as well as taking special care of our health.
It is important that we regularly stimulate  our brain to make our memory more efficient . For example, we can do activities that we do not usually do and change our daily habits. Learning a new skill helps our brain develop.
When trying to memorize something, we should focus our attention on the most important things about it. Do not allow other thoughts to enter our mind because this will lower our chances of remembering things correctly.
One basic way of improving our memory is to use the link method. If we want to memorize something, we should make a picture in our mind. If the picture is silly, strange and colourful, we will remember it better.
Taking notes, being organized and keeping a diary will also be useful tools.
Sometimes, memory is connected with our feelings. When something dramatic happens, we usually remember it well, and we also remember where we were and what we were doing.
Healthy food and plenty of vitamins are important to our memory. Drinking a lot of water also helps maintain our memory.
When we are asleep, our brain stores memory. Not enough sleep can, therefore, cause problems with storing information. In addition, being tired will stop us from being able to remember well. As a result, keeping fit and having regular health checks are both important as well.
The question is: What's the best title of this passage?
The possible answers are:
A:How to Use Memory Tools
B:How to Keep Long-term Memory
C:How to Improve Our Memory
D:How to Stay HealthyPaul had just left college and was offered an interview for a position in a company in New York. As he needed to move from Texas to New York if he got the job, he wanted to talk about the decision with someone before accepting it. But his parents had died. He remembered that his father had suggested he should turn to an old friend of his family if he needed advice.
The older man said, "Go to New York and have the interview. But I want you to go on a train and I want you to get a private compartment . Don't take anything to write with, anything to listen to or anything to read, and don't talk to anybody except when you order the meal. Call me when you get to New York and I will tell you what to do next."
At first, Paul followed the advice closely. The trip took two days. As he had brought along nothing to do, he quickly became bored. He realized he was being forced into quite time - he could do nothing but think. About three hours outside New York City he broke the rules, asked for a pencil and paper and kept writing down the thoughts until the train arrived in New York.
Paul called the family friend from the train station.
"Thank you, Uncle I know what you wanted. You wanted me to think. And now I know what to do.""I guessed you could understand my idea, Paul," came the reply, "Good luck."
Now, years later, Paul runs a company in New York. And he always spends a couple of days being alone with no phone, no television and no people to think quietly.
The question is: According to the passage, which of the following is TRUE?
The possible answers are:
A:Paul had a talk with a clever man during the trip.
B:The older man's advice influenced Paul greatly.
C:Paul only brought a pencil and paper with him.
D:The older man lived in New York.David hated spending money. When he had to buy something in a shop, he always tried his best to knock down the price, even for the cheapest things. If he wanted to buy a bottle of orange, for example, and the shopkeeper asked for $2, David would say, "Make it $1.90 and I'll buy it." Sometimes the shopkeepers agreed to _ their prices a little. "What's ten cents?" they asked themselves. "If it makes this man happy, it won't hurt me very much." In this way David saved a few cents here and a few cents there, and by the end of the year he had saved several hundred dollars.
One day he had a very bad toothache and had to go to the dentist. The dentist looked at the tooth and said, "This tooth will have to come out. It's too serious to save." "How much must I pay you to take out a tooth?" David asked. "Forty dollars," the dentist said. "How long will it take you to pull out the tooth?" he asked. "About two minutes," the dentist answered. "Forty dollars for two minutes' work!" he shouted, "That's robbery  ." The dentist smiled. "You're right," she said. "Thank you for telling me. I'll pull your tooth out very slowly. How about if I take half an hour?"
The question is: What kind of person do you think David was?
The possible answers are:
A:He was very strict with others.
B:He was very clever.
C:He was very generous.
D:He was very stingy .Big Ben is not the name of a man. It is the name of a big clock in London. London is the capital of England. This clock has four faces. So, no matter  where you stand, you can read the time on the face of Big Ben. Each face is the size of a bus. The _ are about four meters long. It is about the size of two people standing on top each other. If you go to London, you may want to visit the Houses of Parliament.  In that place you will find Big Ben sits at the top of the clock tower in the Houses of Parliament. You will probably hear it and see it. The big clock makes such a loud noise. "Ding dong, ding dong." It goes, every quarter of an hour. The name of Big Ben comes from a big builder.
The question is: Big Ben is in   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:China
B:the USA
C:Japan
D:the UKSchool cleaning day
Today is Saturday. It is our cleaning day. The pupils of our class are cleaning our classroom. Mary is cleaning the door. She is standing on a chair. Tom and some others are cleaning the windows. Some of us are sweeping the floor. Others are cleaning the desks and chairs. I am taking down the old pictures and putting up some new ones. Our teacher is in the classroom,too. She is helping us to put the desks and chairs in order.
The question is: The teacher is helping us to   _
The possible answers are:
A:put the desks and chairs in order
B:sweep the floor
C:clean the window
D:take down the picturesMy name is Jim Smith. I come from Canada. I teach English in a high school in China. I like my work. I have a son, Mike and two daughters, Jane and Jenny. They are all in China. We lived in a tall building of the city center one month ago. But now we live in the countryside. We think the cost of living is high and the traffic is heavy in the city. And there is a beautiful park. It's not far from my home. It is _
The question is: . Where does Jim's family live now ?
The possible answers are:
A:In a tall building .
B:In the city.
C:In the countryside.
D:In a tea houseHave you heard of "Kong Nao"? A new word appears on the Internet recently. In fact, it refers to some passengers who behave badly by plane and could endanger flight safety. On December 11, on the airline flight from Bangkok Thailand to Nanjing, two tourists conflicted with an _ The male tourist poured garbage in the aisle  and said something bad to the flight attendant. The female tourist threw a whole cup of hot water over the flight attendant. At last the plane was forced to turn back. On January 10, 2015, a passenger on Flight MU2036 opened an emergency exit without permission because of dissatisfaction with the flight delay. At last the plane was forced to turn back.
These things not only affect the normal order of flight but also have a bad international influence.
The improvement of living standards means more Chinese can take a plane. But many of them don't behave well in public. A report by Living Social website in March 2012 even listed Chinese as the world's second worst tourists after Americans.
If you want to change those bad behaviors and become a civilized passenger, remember to avoid the followings:
*Don't spit in public or throw away trashes here and there.
*Never cut in line or snatch bus seats.
*Don't laugh or speak loudly.
*Don't take off shoes or smoke in public.
*Say something polite and do something civilized.
Whenever and wherever you are, you need to respect others. In this way, you'll win compliments  for yourself.
The question is: According to the passage, which of the following is TRUE?
The possible answers are:
A:"Kong Nao" refers to some passengers with good behaviors.
B:Chinese travelers should stop such bad manners as speaking loudly.
C:Four pieces of advice are mentioned to become a civilized visitor.
D:On December 11, 2014, the airline flight had to return because of weather.It is Sunday afternoon. Mary goes to do the shopping with her mother. Her mother wants to buy some food for supper. Mary wants to buy a new skirt and some school things. They come to a shop.
"What does your shop sell?" Mary asks, "A lot of things." The girl in the shop says. "You can buy food, drinks, clothes in our shop and school things, too."
Mary and her mother go in. There are many people in the shop. Mary looks at a nice white skirt.
"How much is the skirt?" Mary asks the girl in the shop.
"It's eighty yuan."
"That's too dear."
"What about the green one? It looks nice. And it's only thirty yuan."
"OK, thanks a lot."
"You are welcome."
After that, Mary buys some school things, too. Here mother buys a lot of food, like bread, cakes, meat and fish. They get home very late.
The question is: Mary buys a   _   skirt.
The possible answers are:
A:white
B:green
C:red
D:dearDear Mr. Heppell,
I am Sabrina Akhtar studying in a high school and I've noticed that forests are disappearing.
Forests are disappearing around the world each year. This is because of many different things such as farming and tourism pollution. If we stop doing these things, there will be a good future for people of tomorrow. Now I'm writing to ask you to help stop forests from disappearing. You can help by making shops stop selling paper made from trees and change to tree-free paper(paper not made from trees). This will help protect forests. There are many things we can do to help protect forests. If you would like to know more, please visit http://www.rainforestweb.org.  By changing the little things, we can make a big difference. If you would like to contact  me, please e-mail me at shazadinol@hotmail.co.uk. Thank you for taking your time in reading this letter.
Yours sincerely,
Sabrina Akhtar
The question is: What is the purpose of this letter?
The possible answers are:
A:To know more about Mr. Heppell.
B:To make friends with Mr. Heppell.
C:To ask Mr. Heppell to teach in the school.
D:To ask Mr. Heppell to help protect forests.One of the most popular items  in the school newspaper is the advice column. No one knows who writes it. The students think their teacher does, but it might be a student using a false name.
The students enjoy thinking up problems for the advice column. Here are some of them and their answers.
Ask the Wise Owl
Q: I'm always late for school. I try not to be, but I can't help it. Please advise me what to do. Tommy.
A: You are probably late for school because you don't really like school. My advice to you is to try and enjoy school more, then you won't be late so often.
Q: I find it difficult to make friends. What do you think I should do? Sara.
A: I can't advise you until I know more about you. Your problem may be that you are shy. On the other hand, it may be the opposite. You may be too bold . Write and tell me more about yourself.
Q: I'm always at the bottom(,) of the class. What do you advise me to do? Molly.
A: I advise you to concentrate on  improving your grades in one subject to start with. If you can do this, you should move a little way up from the bottom. Next, try to improve your grades in another subject, and so on. If you concentrate on one subject at a time, by the end of the year you should be quite a long way up from the bottom in all your classes.
The question is: What does Molly want to do?
The possible answers are:
A:To stay at the bottom of her classes.
B:To make more friends.
C:To concentrate on one subject at a time.
D:To improve her grades.What do you think about mistakes? Maybe you say no one likes making mistakes. But mistakes lead to growth.
Converge Magazine recently published articles about mistakes students should make. It suggests students need to live a balanced life, even in the college environment.
According to the topic of the article, there are four mistakes students should make. The mistakes include:
Think they pick the wrong major  
A student should explore any possibility that interests him, and future careers might just be around the corner. Remember, if you don't know what to do, it's OK!
Think their teachers know everything
Students may think of their teachers as gods who know everything, but that really is not the case. Students should know teachers are the ones who can help us understand better. Students can research answers on their own and get their own opinions instead of having their teachers tell them the answers.
Think they get too involved
Getting good grades is very important, but it's only a part of the life. Joining clubs and learning about social situations are all good for teenagers' growth. It will not only make the students more knowledgeable but also create interest in their education.
Think taking a day off is a waste of time
Now, students are under too much pressure. It's necessary for them to relax now and then. But they always keep in mind how that might influence their schoolwork. Take a day off to relax, and you may get an energetic student the next day. Just don't do it too often.
The question is: The writer thinks that   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:students should pick the right major
B:getting grades is all for students
C:relaxing at times is necessary for students
D:teachers shouldn't make mistakesHello, my first name is Jenny and my family name is Brown. I am a girl. I am 11. My telephone number is 025-7658.
I have   two friends. One is a boy. His name is Mike Green. He is 10. His telephone number is 636-7654. Linda Smith is my friend, too. She is 9. Her telephone number is 356-7890.
,.
The question is: Jenny is    _  .
The possible answers are:
A:7
B:9
C:10
D:11You can't remember who sings a certain song from the 90s. You Google it. You're arguing with a friend about who played Mickey in The Goonies. You solve the problem by Googling it. You don't know the way to that new restaurant. You Google Maps it.
We hold the answers to about all of life's questions in our hands today. But that means our brains are feeling free to take some rest. According to the Daily Mail, our growing reliance on  the Internet for fact checking is making our memories worse.
Scientists at Harvard University found people now regard Google and other search engines as an outside part of their own brains, rather than a tool. Writing in the Journal Scientific American, Harvard psychologists Daniel Wegner and Adrian Ward warn that people who believe their memorable facts that are saved online are much worse at remembering them.
"The Internet is also unlike a human memory partner; it knows more and can produce the information more quickly, You can find almost all information today easily through a quick Internet search. It may be that the Internet is taking the place of people's memory."
In a series of tests, researchers found it was easy for people to remember information well if they believed it would be deleted.
Those who thought it was stored on a computer were more forgetful, even if they were asked to keep the information in mind.
The question is: People are easy to remember things well if they know  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:they will lose the information
B:they will lose the computer
C:the information is good for them
D:the information is importantThere was once a little orphan girl who had no family and no one to love her. She felt sad and lonely .
One day, while she was walking in a garden, she noticed a small butterfly caught in a bush. The more the butterfly tried to free itself, the deeper the thorn cut into its body. The girl carefully helped the butterfly out. Instead of flying away, the little butterfly changed into a beautiful fairy .
"For your wonderful kindness," said the fairy, "I will grant you any wish you like."
The little girl thought for a while and answered, "I want to be happy!"
"Very well!" The fairy leaned toward her and whispered in her ear. Then the good fairy disappeared.
As the little girl grew up, she stayed happy. Everyone asked her the secret of her happiness. She would only smile and answer, "The secret of happiness is that I listened to a good fairy when I was a little girl."
When she was very old and on her death bed, her neighbors were afraid that her secret of happiness would die with her. "Tell us, please," they asked. "Tell us what the good fairy said."
The lovely old woman simply smiled and said, "She told me that everyone, no matter how secure they seemed, how old or young, how rich or poor, had need of me."
Everyone has need of you.
The question is: According to the passage, what is the secret of happiness?
The possible answers are:
A:Being needed by others.
B:Being rich.
C:Being helped by a fairy.
D:Being loved by others.Indonesia is my mother's homeland and one of my favorite countries. Since I was young, I had learned a lot about the country and become interested in it. For a long time I had wanted to do something for the country and people there, and I thought volunteering would be a good and fun way to do so.
I received the greatest pleasure from being with the children.
Teaching my first English class in Aceh was exciting but I was rather nervous. As time passed by, I learned how to be a better teacher. Teaching was actually the most enjoyable of my many responsibilities .
Many children were shy at first. But when they relaxed, they would start talking and telling you a lot of funny things. I believe we were helping them build up their confidence.
For the children who are more in need, The Education Program (TEP) will collect donations   to help them.
As a volunteer, I had to visit the TEP children at home once a month and help them write a thank-you letter to their
This was a way for the children to communicate with their sponsors. Sometimes the sponsors would write back to the children. Seeing the children's happy faces, I had a great sense of pleasure.
The question is: The writer believed volunteering would be a good way to    _
The possible answers are:
A:play outdoors
B:get the greatest pleasure
C:learn more about Indonesia
D:do something for IndonesiaEnglish is very important in the modern world. Many people want to learn it well. Here are some things that I want to say about learning it.
To learn English well, you need two things- _ and good learning methods  . Passion is the more important one. Why? Because passion makes you want to learn English. Learning methods only tell you how to learn it better and faster.
If you love learning English, you will learn it regularly   and spend much time on it. It will also be easy for you to remember new words and grammar rules.  _  For example, some people like history and know a lot about World War II. If you ask a person who doesn't like history to memorize all the facts, he probably can't do it.
When you don't want to learn English, you can do the following things.
First, imagine that you can talk to native speakers just as you talk in your mother language. Imagine yourself to be a manager in a foreign company. Imagine you're living in an English-speaking country.
Second, use English as much as possible. This is very important. The more you use English, the better you'll learn it. English is very popular, so you can use it everywhere. You can watch American cartoons, write English diaries, and read interesting books written in English.
The question is: The main idea of this passage is about   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:the importance of learning English
B:English in the modern world
C:how to write e-mails to other people
D:some advice on how to learn EnglishOne day a young man was standing in the middle of the town announcing that he had the most beautiful heart in the whole town. A large crowd gathered, and they all thought it was perfect. There was not a flaw in it.
Suddenly, an old man said, "Your heart is not nearly as beautiful as mine." The crowd and the young man looked at the old man's heart. It was full of scars . The young man laughed. "Comparing your heart with mine, mine is perfect and yours is a mess of scars."
"Yes," said the old man, "You see, every scar represents a person to whom I have given my love. I tear out a piece of my heart and give it to them, and often they give me a piece of their heart that fits into the empty place in my heart. Though it has some scars, I cherish . Because they remind me of the love we shared. Sometimes I have given pieces of my heart away, and the other person hasn't returned a piece of his or her heart to me. These are the empty gouges . Although these gouges are painful, they stay open, reminding me of the love I have for those people too, and I hope someday they may return and fill the space I have waiting. So now do you see what true beauty is?"
The young man ripped a piece out of his perfect heart and offered it to the old man. The old man placed it in his heart, then took a piece from his old scarred heart and placed it in the _ in the young man's heart.
The young man looked at his heart, not perfect anymore but more beautiful than ever, since love from the old man's heart flowed into his. They embraced and walked away side by side.
,.
The question is: What's the best title of the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:A flaw in the heart
B:the most beautiful heart
C:Beautiful scars in heart
D:offering your heart to othersDoes technology influence the purity of Chinese language? Yes!
Many Chinese use messenger tools such as MSN or QQ, listen to music on MP3 players and blog on the Internet using ADSL ,but most people don't know the Chinese meanings of the abbreviations, as many English letters have become part of the local lexicon . some parents are so crazy about English letters that a couple tried to name their baby "@", they say the character used in email addresses reflects their love for the child.
While the "@" is obviously familiar to Chinese e-mail users, they often use the English word "at" to pronounce it , which sounds like ai ta, or "love him", to Putonghua speakers.
"Nowadays, more and more English abbreviations are being used in Chinese, making them an important part of the modern language," said Hou Min, a professor at Communication University of China. "The abbreviations are very popular because they can be used easily," Hou said. "As more Chinese people learn foreign languages, especially English, in recent years, using abbreviations has become a trend among some educated people," she said.
Some language scholars fear _ will influence the purity of Chinese and cause confusion  in communication.
The question is: Which of the following is Not True according to the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:Only a few people know the Chinese meanings of the abbreviations.
B:People often use the English word " love him " to pronounce"@".
C:Many English letters are popular and have become part of the local lexicon.
D:Using abbreviations has become a trend among educated people in recent years.Hello! I'm Jason. On Monday, I usually wake up late and have no time to have breakfast. I can't find my books or my school cap. At last, I find my books and my school cap in the bathroom. I have to wait for a bus and I am nearly late for school.
The first lesson on Monday morning is Maths. I like it because I'm good at Maths.
The next lesson is French. I like French. It's nice to be able to talk with somebody in another language.
At last, it is eleven o'clock -- time for break. After having a break, we have two Latin lessons. There are a lot of boys in our class who don't like Latin. I don't like it, either.
At half past twelve, it is time for lunch -- a meat pie, potatoes or cabbage and a glass of juice or milk. Then I go to the playground with my friends, and we play football there.
After lunch, we have a History lesson. The History teacher tells us many interesting things.
After school, my friends and I usually go for a walk. I come home very late, and my mother is very angry.
The question is: Which of the following is TRUE?
The possible answers are:
A:Jasonfindshisbooksinthebedroom.
B:ThesecondlessononMondayisLatin.
C:Jasonhaslunchattwelveo'clock.
D:Jason probably likes History lessons.Hello! Nice to meet you. Now let me introduce myself   to you. My name is Mary. I'm 12 years old. I'm from Canada and I speak English. I'm a tall girl. I have long brown hair and big blue eyes. I like _ a lot. I often sing songs with my friends in my free time. I have a happy family. There are four people in my family. They are my mom, my dad, my sister and me. I like China very much and I want to visit Beijing, but I can't speak Chinese at all.
I hope   to be your friend, then we can help each other with English and Chinese.
,.
The question is: How old is Mary?
The possible answers are:
A:Twelve.
B:Thirteen.
C:Fourteen.
D:Fifteen.Let's look at the picture. The boy's name is John. The girl in a white blouse is his sister, Rose. The other one in a yellow blouse is his sister, Mary. John and his sisters are students in No. 11 Middle School. The two sisters are in Class Three, Grade One, but John is in Class Two, Grade Two. The man and woman are their father and mother. The man is a worker and the woman is a teacher. The old man and the old woman are John's grandfather and grandmother. The family is a big one.
The question is: Mary is in a   _   blouse and Rose is in a   _   one.
The possible answers are:
A:yellow; white
B:white; yellow
C:yellow; blue
D:black; redMount Huangshan is probably one of the most famous mountains in China. It has been listed as a World Natural and Cultural Heritage Site.
It lies in the south of Anhui Province. It is about 1,200 square kilometers. Every year, thousands of Chinese and foreigners pay a visit there. While you are climbing the mountain, you can enjoy the sea of clouds, wondrous pines and unique rocks around you. Early morning when the sun rise, the sky looks very beautiful. It's really a nice place to visit. Each of the four seasons on Mt.Huangshan has their different beauty.
It is said that you won't want to visit any other mountain after the Five Famous Mountains, and you won't wish to see even the Five Famous Mountains after returning from Mt.Huangshan. This saying may give you some ideas of the beauty and _ of Mt.Huangshan. Together with the Yellow River, the Yangtze River and the Great Wall, Mt.Huangshan has become one of the great symbols of China.
The question is: Which one is NOT true in the following sentences?
The possible answers are:
A:Mt. Huangshan is a natural wonder in China.
B:Mr. Huangshan has the same view in different seasons.
C:Many foreigners come to visit Mt.Huangshan every year.
D:Mt. Huangshan has become one of the great symbols of China.My Family Is Very Poor
A little boy comes to a new city. His name is Peter. Of course ,he lives with his mother and father. His family is very rich . They have a driver  and a lot of servants .
Peter is going to a new school. On the first day his parents say to him," peter,be modest at your new school. Don't say we are rich. "And Peter says," Yes,Dad,mom. "
So Peter goes to school. He sees his new teacher. And he sits down with the other children. The teacher says. "Good morning,children. The first exercise today is a composition . The topic  of the composition is 'My Family'."So every child writes a composition. This is Peter's composition:
"My name is Peter. My family is very poor . Both my father and my mother are very poor. Our driver is very poor and all the servants are poor..."
,.
The question is: Peter's parents tell him not to  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:play on his way to school
B:be late for school
C:say they are rich
D:write a compositionAll the people know that exercise is important. We all need to exercise. Doctors say it is good for us. It makes your heart and body strong. Children who often exercise are more alert . It is healthy for the mind and the body. This means they do better in tests and schoolwork than those who don't exercise.
There are many ways to do exercise. You can walk, run, swim, skate, or play ball games. Make sure you exercise in the following ways:
1. You have to like what you're doing.
2. Exercise enough, but not too much. It's best to exercise twice each week. Thirty minutes each time is enough.
3. Try all kinds of things until you find one, two or even three sports _ for you.
Lots of people choose to exercise at fitness centers  . Why? Because there are a lot of sports equipment there. The equipment will help exercise your arms, legs and other parts of your body to make you healthy. Some people buy sports equipment for their homes. But it is very expensive.
Exercising can be fun. Friends can exercise together at a fitness center, or they can play sports together outside. How do you exercise?
The question is: Which of the following sports is NOT mentioned in the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:Fishing.
B:Running.
C:Swimming
D:WalkingWe have fun with our school life every day. Our school often holds different after-school activities. There was a football match on the school playground yesterday afternoon.
Our class played against Class Two. Every player tried their best as soon as the match began at 4:00 o'clock. The players from the two teams played very hard and well. At the beginning of the match, a big and strong player from Class Two got the ball and passed several of our players. He kicked the ball hard to the goal."Oh, dear!"my classmates shouted surprisedly. Luckily, our goalkeeper Steve caught the ball. At the end of the first half of the match, there was no score.
After resting for ten minutes, the match began again. Our headteacher Mr. Zhang cheered us on all the time."Teamwork! Teamwork!"he kept shouting. At this time, Kangkang got the ball. He kicked the ball to Jack and Jack kicked the ball to our captain   Li Lei. He passed four players with the ball and then kicked the ball into the goal. The crowd jumped cheerfully. My classmates felt excited. Finally, we won 1 to 0.
My school life is colorful. I love my school life.
,.
The question is: From the passage, we know   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:no team lost
B:the writer's team won
C:Class Two won
D:the result was 0:0People usually check whether their keys, wallets and phones are with them before going out . But many people in China now have one more important thing to take -- a face mask  . They hope that it can protect them from polluted air.
Since January, many cities in China have seen a lot of foggy days.In Beijing, only five days in January were free of smog . It is dirty air that looks like a mixture  of fog and smoke caused mainly by smoke from cars and factories in cities. Poor air has done harm to people's health, especially for children and old people. They fall ill easily and the hospitals are full of the the patients of respiratory   problems.
To respond to the air  problems, the Chinese government and many Chinese people have  started to take action. Beijing announced plans to use cle an fuel in government vehicles and plant trees. It also asked citizens to set off fewer fireworks for celebrations.
Three students from No.4 High School in Beijing wrote a report to advise how to fight the air pollution. They suggested that cars with large emissions  should not be allowed to use and factories should be closely watched.
We hope more people will join us in making a difference. With all our efforts , the blue skies will certainly return for good.
The question is: People will take  _  with them before going out, hoping to protect them from the polluted air.
The possible answers are:
A:keys
B:wallets
C:phones
D:face masksEast Bus --- maybe the best choice on your visit to the famous places of interest in Beijing.
Sit back, relax and see all there is to see, with no need to worry about driving, finding a parking place or leaving your car with no one to watch it.
We have lots of buses taking you to visit Tian'anmen Square, the Forbidden City, the Summer Palace, the Temple of Heaven Park, the Olympic Center and the Great Wall. The whole tour will take you three days.
Chinese & English speaking guides.
Booking by phone four days in advance .
Tour price: Y=580.00 per person (half price for children under 1.2m tall ), including the ticket price, breakfast and lunch.
For more information, please phone Yong'an Tourism Company at 010-23368688/23368689.
Add: 356 Chaoyang Road, Beijing.
Open 7 days a week. 8:00-16:00.
,.
The question is: From the advertisement, we can see that East Bus is a kind of   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:tourist bus
B:village bus
C:airport bus
D:school busHave you ever had an embarrassing experience? Last week we asked readers to tell us about embarrassing experiences. We received thousands of letters! Here is a selection.
Tony:
My most embarrassing experience happened when I had just left university. I had just started teaching in a Liverpool middle school. One morning my alarm clock didn't ring. I woke up at half past eight and school began at nine. I quickly washed, dressed, jumped into my car and rushed to school. When I arrived, the students had already gone into class. I didn't go to the office, but went straight into class. After two or three minutes the students began laughing, and I couldn't understand why! Suddenly I looked down and understood. I had put on one black shoe and one brown shoe!
Henry:
The most embarrassing experience I've ever had happened two years ago. After seeing a film, my wife and I had lunch in our favorite restaurant in town. Then we decided to take a walk along the street. The street was very busy and we started holding hands. Suddenly my wife saw a dress that she liked in a shop window, and stopped. I started looking at some watches in the next window. After a minute or two I reached for my wife's hand. There was a loud _ , and a woman slapped my face. I hadn't taken my wife's hand. I'd taken the hand of a complete stranger !
The question is: Tony arrived at school late that morning because  _
The possible answers are:
A:he couldn't find hid shoes
B:his alarm clock didn't ring
C:he washed and dressed slowly
D:his car went wrong on the wayMrs. Clark moved to the small village when she was twenty-four. And she has lived there for thirty-nine years. She has a poor farm. She works hard on it, but she is often hungry. Her son Henry joined the army  eight years ago and then found a job at a post office in London after he left the army.
One day, he wrote to his poor mother and asked her to go to the capital. The old woman was very happy when she received the letter. The next morning she started. Because it was the first time, her daughter took her to a small station and bought a ticket for her. A train came and she hurried to get on. Before long, a conductor came up to her and said, 'Ticket, please.' The old woman showed her ticket to the conductor. The man looked at it and said, 'You must take a train to London. But it is a train to Manchester. I am afraid you've taken a wrong train.' 'Is it possible?' Mrs. Clark said angrily, 'I am sure it's your driver's fault  .
The question is: Which of the following is NOT true?
The possible answers are:
A:Mrs. Clark took a wrong train.
B:The driver drove to a wrong place.
C:Mrs. Clark's daughter bought a right ticket for her mother.
D:The conductor wanted to see Mrs. Clark's ticket.I don't have too many memories of my father because he was so sick in the last years of his life. But there aresome that I am often reminded of and which may have developed my love ofscience.
When I was small, I was somewhatafraid of lightning and thunder . My father explained it. The explanation wasin words that a child could understand but was basically correct. I gained a betterunderstanding and learnt something from him.
What he said was that there was electricity in the cloudsand it traveled to the ground like a spark . When it traveled through the air, it made the air so hot that it burned. Then there was nothing where the air had been and the air all around rushed in to fill the space. Saying this, he clapped his hands together very loudly, pretending to be the air rushing in, and said that makes the thunder. When I hear thunder, I can still hear that clap clearly.
He also explained why a cloudy winter night was warmer than a clear one. When there were clouds, they were like blankets  which kept the earth and us warm. He said that if there were no clouds, we had no blankets and were _ to the universe. Our warmth was going toheat the whole universe. Even today, I still feel on the edge of space on a very clear night.
I am sure there were many other lessons that Itook but no longer remember most of them now. What I didlearn, in general, was that there were explanations and that the more I understood them, the more comfortable the world was to live in. I was not taught that there were mysteries but that there was understanding if you looked for it. This may be why I have always takenaninterest in science.
The question is: We can know from the passage that  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:the writer is smart enough to learn much
B:the writer has a good memory about learning
C:the writer has a good understanding of things in life
D:the writer was taught there were many secret things in the worldPeople say that George Washington, the first president of the United States, never told a lie. But it seems that the president was not without faults.
A New York library recently found that Washington borrowed two books from the library in 1789. He didn't return them.
If he were still alive, he would have to pay the library $300,000 for being 220 years late.
On October 5, 1789, when the first president borrowed the books form the New York Society Library, he didn't sign his name in the borrower's book. He just wrote "president" to show who had taken them out.
The two books should have been brought back a month later but were never returned. Workers at the library realized the books were missing.
The New York Society Library doesn't expect anyone to pay the fine. But it hopes that someone will return the books.
The question is: Gorge Washington is  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:the president of the US now
B:the first president of the US
C:the first black president of the US
D:the president who always borrowed the books without returning them backMany people love going on a trip by plane , but an airport is usually far from the city . You have to arrive there and wait for hours for the plane to take off and it is often late . You can't open the window .You can't choose the food .Planes are fast ,but it takes hours to get out of the airport and into the city .
I like travelling by train .I think trains are safe . Train stations are usually in cities . when you are late for a train , you can catch another one . You can walk around in the train and open the windows . You can see many interesing things on your way . I know it takes a little more time .
I also like cars . You can start your trip when you want to . and you don't need to get to a station . You can carry many things with you too . But sometimes there are many cars on the road .
The question is: What is the disadvantge of the car ?
The possible answers are:
A:You needn't go to the station .
B:You can start your trip when you want to .
C:There are too many cars on the road .
D:You can see many interesting things .Jack is having a great and relaxing summer.He is visiting his grandmother in Florida .The weather is hot and sunny.He is staying at his grandmother's home.It's very nice and near the beach.He goes to the beach with friends every day.They play volleyball there a lot.He watches TV or reads books in the evening.He is reading an interesting story-book now.The stories are really scary.His grandmother is making dinner now.She wants Jack to help her.
The question is: What's the weather like in Florida?
The possible answers are:
A:It's hot and rainy.
B:It's hot and sunny.
C:It's rainy.
D:It's sunny.Have you ever noticed that you're treated differently in stores based on your sex,age,race and even the way you dress? I certainly have,so 1 wanted to see exactly what happens inside these stores that are meant to be run with"customer service".
A young man in ripped jeans and a hoodie went into a car shop and asked for a price on the top of the line vehicle.The salesman looked him up and down and said."I don't think you can afford a  car like this.Have a look at the _ cars over here."
As you can imagine,the young man was angry and left the showroom.Two days later, the
young man walked back in,and he walked up to the salesman who had served him two days before and asked,"Hi,do you remember me? You said l should look at the inferior cars the other day."The salesman nodded and said yes.
The young man then asked him to just quickly come outside and have a look at something.
They walked out and the young man pointed to the brand--new top of the line Ford and said."I paid with cash ,do you like my new car?"And then the salesman quickly left.
Maybe many businesses don't understand a fact--if they don't treat their customers equally,they will lose business.Not every one of the above people will ever go back to those companies and they won't recommend them to anyone.You will not only lose repeat business but also lose up to 10 customers,for every person you treat badly will not recommend your companies and will tell people not to go to these places.
The question is: Which of the following is TRUE according to the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:The young man in brand.new jeans and a hoodie entered the showroom.
B:All the people treated badly will go back to complain about the service.
C:The salesman left quickly because he felt very embarrassed .
D:If customers are treated equally, companies will lose repeat business.In many English homes people eat four meals a day: breakfast, lunch, tea and dinner.People have breakfast at any time from seven to nine in the morning.They eat porridge,eggs or bread.English people drink tea or coffee at breakfast.Lunch comes at one o'clock.Afternoon tea is from four to five in the afternoon and dinner is about half past seven.First they have soups, and then they have meat or fish with vegetables.After that they eat some other things, like bananas,apples or oranges.But not all English people eat like that.Some of them have their dinner in the middle of the day.Their meals are breakfast, dinner, tea and supper and all these meals are very necessary.
The question is: People may have  _  for their breakfast.
The possible answers are:
A:tea and eggs
B:porridge,eggs,bread,tea or coffee
C:tea and coffee
D:bread and eggsHello!
My name is Becky Sharp. I'm eleven years old. I've got one brother--his name's Jonson and he's fourteen. I haven't got any sisters.
I live with my mum , dad and grandma in a small house in Chesterfield,in the north of England. There are lots of things to do here. My friends and I go to the cinema on Saturdays.
Do you like games? I like football. My favorite team is Manchester United. I sometimes play football with my brother. I'm good at it but he isn't very good.
I've got seven pets--a tortoise and six goldfish. I want a dog or a cat,but my mother doesn't like them.
The question is: The girl's family live in   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:a big room
B:a cinema
C:the west of England
D:the north of EnglandEveryone has a hobby. My hobby is keeping a diary in English.When I was nine years old, I began to have my hobby. At first it was hard for me, but now it is easy. I know it's helpful to learn English well. After school I often go to the school library to read English stories or articles. Sometimes my English teacher tells some interesting things to me. I collect information for my diary by doing these.
After I finish my diary every day. I always try to correct mistakes with the help of the dictionary. Now my English is very good.
I love my hobby. It helps me a lot to learn English well.
The question is: _   it was not easy for me to keep a diary in English.
The possible answers are:
A:Now
B:Usually
C:At last
D:At firstClothes are very important in our life. Different people wear different clothes. Now let's listen to some people in France talking about clothes.
Hello, I'm Betty. I started working this year, so I'm able to get new clothes more often than before. I think what I look like is really important to me, so I spent much money on clothes. I like to wear bright colors and always dress up when I go to parties. I often buy all kinds of clothes and try to follow the latest fashion.
Hi, I'm Jack. I don't have much to say about clothes. _ aren't the thing I'm interested in. I know little about the way of dressing. In summer, I always wear a T-shirt or something else.
My name is Alice. I would like to say that clothes must be comfortable and feel easy to put on. Sometimes I buy clothes in some small street markets -- they are cheap there. I change the look of my clothes quite often -- put some flowers on them or use different buttons, just for a change. They'll look good all the time. I go shopping for clothes about once a month. I see something comfortable and fashionable and it fits me well, I would go for it and then...
The question is: How many people are talking about clothes?
The possible answers are:
A:Three.
B:Five.
C:Four.
D:Two.Monty Robert's father was a horse trainer. As a child, Monty often went from one farm to another with his father. Sometimes they didn't have money to pay for food, but Monty still kept hoping to own a horse farm.
When he was in school, his teacher asked him to write a paper about his dream. He wrote a seven-page paper. He wanted to have a horse farm one day. He even drew a picture of a horse farm in the paper.
The next day he handed it in to his teacher. Two days later, he got his paper back. On the front page was a large red "F" with the words "See me after class". So the boy did and asked his teacher, "Why did I get an F?" The teacher said, "This dream will not come true for a young boy like you. You need a lot of money to own a horse farm. You have to buy the land. You have to pay for a lot of things. There is no way you could ever do it." Then the teacher added, "If you write this paper again with a simpler dream, I will give you a good grade."
After school he thought hard about it. At last, he decided to hand in the same paper, making no changes at all. He said to the teacher, "You can keep the F and I'll keep my dream."
Many years later, Monty had his own large horse farm. His dream came true.
So don't let anyone take away your dreams. Follow your dreams, no matter what they are.
The question is: What does the story want to tell us?
The possible answers are:
A:Don't take away others' dreams.
B:Follow a realistic dream.
C:Never give up your dream.
D:Anyone with a dream will succeed.Do you often watch TV programs? There are many TV programs on Chinese cuisines (, ),but few are like A Bite of China. It tries to bring something new by introducing more cultural features   related to dishes, such as eating habits and wonderful stories about food.
It's said that more than 100 million Chinese people are watching the program. Most Chinese people regard this program as more than just the regular food shows. They see it as an amazing documentary providing a special view of Chinese as well as the relations between people and food , between people and society.
On the other hand, the documentary also stimulates   Chinese people's consumption  . Taobao, one of China's biggest online shopping sites, reports that the search on food items that were introduced by the documentary has increased to 4 million times in one week, and sales have increased to 5.82 million.
To get enough good stories, the production team spent three months doing research and interviews in about 60 cities before they started making the documentary last July. Filming lasted about nine months. Liu Wen, the director, says "As CCTV-9 serves as a window, allowing the world to better understand China, the documentary aims to help the world not only enjoy the beauty of Chinese cuisines, but also learn Chinese customs."
The question is: Which of the following statements is TRUE according to this passage?
The possible answers are:
A:Most people watch the program because they want to learn how to cook.
B:There're many wonderful stories about Chinese cuisines in "A Bite of China".
C:You can buy some food that's more delicious and cheaper through the program.
D:Most Chinese people regard this program as just the regular food shows.When I had something difficult to do, I used to ask my mum for help. But she always said, "Do it yourself, dear." I was not happy about this at all. I thought she was the laziest mother in the world!
For example, one day, some of my friends would come to my home. My bedroom was really untidy. Books were all over the floor, and I didn't make the bed. So I asked my mum to help me clean it, but she still said, "Do it yourself, my daughter."
Because of my "lazy mum", I have to wash my clothes and clean my room. I have to help my parents do housework. I even have to go to hospital by myself. It is very hard to do everything well on my own, but I have learnt a lot.
As time goes by, I come to understand my mum. She makes me clever and hard-working. How great she is! A good mother is worth   100 teachers! Don't you think so?
The question is: We can know a good mother  _  from the sentence "A good mother is worth 100 teachers!"
The possible answers are:
A:makes her child clever and hard-working
B:does everything for her child
C:gives her child a lot of money
D:teaches her child by herselfA Two-day Trip to Beijing
If you want to know about China. Please come to Beijing. You can visit the Great Wall and other places of interest and enjoy Beijing Duck.
Time: May 6~May 7
Price: 480 yuan per person  Tel: 78456895
A Four- day Trip to Qinhuangdao
If you like warm weather and clean city, Qinhuangdao is a good place for you. You can climb mountains, enjoy beautiful beaches and go to the zoo.
Time: May 1~May 4  Tel: 56478445
Adult: 780 yuan per person
Child: 550 yuan per person
E-mail: 126yc@sina.com
A Seven-day Trip to Sanya
There are many beautiful places in Sanya. You can walk along the beaches, go fishing and go boating.
Time: May 10~May 17
Price:
1 person: 650 yuan per person
2-5 persons: 600 yuan per person
6-9 persons: 550 yuan per person
Call us at 800-820-8199.
The question is: Sam wants to visit Sanya, he can call   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:78456895
B:56478445
C:800-820-8199
D:800-802-8099For many kids in Africa, the colorful PlayPump is the first playground thing they have ever seen. When the children give it a push and jump in for their first ride, smiles of wonder appears on their faces.
The fun of going round and round in a circle is just part of the wonder. The wonderful invention doesn't only change the kids' play time, but also makes a big difference to the people's lives.
As the merry-go-round starts, _ pumps clean water up from deep underground and keeps it in a huge tank . People are welcomed to come and help themselves to get the water for free. They are very happy these days.
In the countryside of Africa, very few people could drink clean water. They don't have machines that can get water in their homes. Instead, they often walk a long way to carry water back.
Patricia Molope, a fifteen-year-old girl, explains that before her village in South Africa got a PlayPump, people would pay a taxi driver to take them to a well far from their homes. " Sometimes the taxi drivers were so busy that we would have to stop taking showers in order to save water. It was so far to walk there, but at present we have our own clean water in the village, and the life is better, too."
The hard job of carrying water usually is done by women and girls. Carrying water for miles and hours each day is such a heavy job that it sometimes prevents girls from being able to go to school.
Thanks to the PlayPump, getting water is quicker and easier-----and even boys join in. The pumps have become a new activity. Kids and adults seem to love playing with them while collecting water.
A boy named Khumalo, twelve years old, says, " I have seen many kinds of water pumps, but have never seen one that can keep water. When I grow up, I want to be an inventor so I can also invent clever things like the PlayPump that will help my country."
So far, more than 800 PlayPumps are being operated in schools and neighborhoods in four African countries, providing water for almost two million people.
The question is: Which of the following is NOT TRUE about PlayPump?
The possible answers are:
A:People need to pay for the clean water from PlayPump.
B:Both children and parents enjoy the ride on PlayPump.
C:PlayPump makes the life of the Africans much easier.
D:About two million Africans are using the water from PlayPump.Films in Beijing Theater This Week
HARRY POTTER (III)
American film
Director: Alfonso Cuaron
Starring: Daniel Radcliffe, Rupert Grint, Emma Watson
Time: From Monday to Wednesday, at 6:00 p.m.
Ticket Price:Y=50
KUNGFU HUSTLE
Chinese film
Director: Zhou Xingchi
Starring: Zhou Xingchi, Liang Xiaolong, Yuan Hua
Time: From Wednesday to Friday, at 9:00 p.m.
Ticket Price:Y=40
A WORLD WITHOUT THIEVES
Chinese film
Director: Feng Xiaogang
Starring: Liu Dehua, Liu Ruoying, Ge You, Li Bingbing
Time: From Friday to Sunday, at 6:30 p.m.
Ticket Price:Y=40 (Half on Sunday for children)
TROY
American film
Director: Wolfgang Peterson
Starring: Julian Glover, Brian Cox, Nathan Jones, Adoni Maropis
Time: From Tuesday to Saturday, at 9:30 a.m.
Ticket Price:Y=30
The question is: There will be   _   in Beijing Theater this week.
The possible answers are:
A:one Chinese film
B:two Chinese films
C:three American films
D:four foreign filmsCarmen Arace Middle School is situated in the pastoral town of Bloomfield, Conn., but four years ago it faced many of the same problems as inner-city schools in nearby Hartford: low scores on standardized tests and dropping enrollment . Then the school's hard-driving headmaster, Delores Bolton, persuaded her board to shake up the place by buying a laptop computer for each student and teacher to use, in school and at home. What's more, the board provided wireless Internet access at school. Total cost: $2.5 million.
Now, an hour before classes start, every seat in the library is taken by students who cannot wait for getting online. Fifth-grade teacher Jen Friday talks about different kinds of birds as students view them at a colorful website. After school, students on buses pull laptops from backpacks to get started on homework. Since the computer arrived, enrollment is up 20%. Scores on state tests are up 35%.
Indeed, school systems in rural Maine and New York City also hope to follow Arace Middle School's example. Governor Angus King had planned using $50 million to buy a laptop for all of Maine's 17,000 seventh-graders - and for new seventh-graders each fall.
In the same spirit, the New York City board of education voted on April 12 to create a school Internet portal , which would make money by selling ads and licensing public school students. Profits will also provide e-mail service for the city's 1.1 million public school students. Profits will be used to buy laptops for each of the school system's 87,000 fourth-graders. Within nine years, all students in grades 4 and higher will have their own computers.
Back in Bloomfield, in the meantime, most of the _ have been worked out. Some students were using their computers to visit unauthorized websites. But teachers have the ability to keep an eye on where students have been on the Web and to stop them. "That is the worst when they disable you," says eighth-grade honors student Jamie Bassell. The habit is rubbing off on parents. "I taught my mom to use e-mail," says another eighth-grader, Katherine Hypolite. "And now she's taking computer classes. I'm so proud of her!"
The question is: According to the writer, students in New York City's public schools will   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:enjoy e-mail service in the near future
B:make money by selling ads on websites
C:all have their own laptops within nine years
D:become more interested in their studies with laptopsToday I went to Sam's school in the UK. It was really different from my school in China.
Girls wore grey skirts and white shirts, boys wore grey trousers, and everyone wore the school tie.
Some of Sam's lessons were a bit strange for me. We were reading Shakespeare in the English lesson, and there were quite some old words like "thou" and "thee" to mean "you". In history we studied 20th Century China. It was strange hearing a foreign side of history--and hearing English people trying to say all our Chinese names!
Classes were also a lot more relaxing than in China. Teachers were called "sir" or "miss", everyone shouted answers and raised their hands in classes. It was more like a _ than a class. A bell rang at the end of each lesson and everyone jumped up to go to the next class.
At break we bought potato chips and cookies in the dining room. Lunch was later than in China at 1 o'clock. We had big plates of pie with carrots. For dessert there was hot sweet rice called rice pudding.
It was good that I'd had an excellent lunch, because at Sam's school, Monday afternoons are taken up with sports.
I played my first game of netball--a bit like basketball, but with some differences. Fortunately , I'd had a quick look in the rule book before I tried to join in the game.
The question is: What class does Sam have on Monday afternoon?
The possible answers are:
A:Maths
B:History
C:PE
D:Musicfarmer had a faithful horse which had grown old and could do no more work, so his master no longer wanted to give him anything to eat and said, "I can certainly make no more use of you, but if you prove yourself still strong enough to bring me a lion here, I will keep you. " And with that he chased him into the open field.
The horse was sad. There the fox met him and said, "Why do you hang your head, and go about all alone?"
"Alas," replied the horse, " My master has forgotten what services I have done for him for so many years, and because I can no longer plow  well, he will give me no more food, and has driven me out. "
" Without giving you a chance?" asked the fox.
" The chance was a bad one. He said , if I were still strong enough to bring him a lion , he would keep me , but he knows that I cannot do that. "
The fox said, "I will help you. Just lie down, _ as if you were dead. " The horse did as the fox asked, and then the fox went to the lion, and said, "A dead horse is lying out there. Just come with me, and you can have a rich meal. "
The lion went with him, and when they were both standing by the horse, the fox said, "After all, it is not very comfortable for you here--l tell you what--l will fasten it to you by the tail, and then you can pull it into your cave and eat it in peace. "
The advice pleased the lion. He positioned himself in order that the fox might tie the horse fast to him, and he kept completely quiet. But the fox tied the lion's legs together with the horse's tail. When he had finished his work , he tapped the horse on the shoulder and said, "Pull, white horse, pull! "
Then up sprang  the horse at once, and pulled the lion away with him. The lion began to roar  so that all the birds in the forest flew up in fear, but the horse let him roar, and drew him and pulled him across the field to his master's door. When the master saw the lion, he was moved, and said to the horse, " You shall stay with me and I will treat you well. " And he gave him plenty to eat until he died.
,.
The question is: What do we know about the horse?
The possible answers are:
A:He hung his head because he was quite sad.
B:He got very excited as soon as he met the fox.
C:He believed he could take a lion to the master at first.
D:He was strong enough to fight against the lion.There are 365 days in a year. We sleep 8 hours a day, so we have 122 days for sleeping. Then our work time has 243 days left. But there are 52 weekends in a year. Each weekend is two days. We lose another 104 days a year for work. It takes us about one hour to have breakfast and supper. This comes to 15 days over a year. But we can't work all that time-we need a holiday. Let's say we have three weeks' holiday. We don't work all day. Four free hours each evening takes up 61 days. We have to remember that we get 2 days' holiday at Easter, 3 at Christmas and 1 at the New Year. There are also 4 Bank holidays. Take those 10 days away and we have 32 days for work. But then we have one and a half hours' lunch every day, and half an hour's coffee break. That comes to 30 days a year. This means that we have only a few days left for work every year!
The question is: The writer means    _   .
The possible answers are:
A:we should know the numbers
B:a few days for work is enough
C:we need more holidays
D:time is important and we'd better not waste  itHi! I'm Tom.This is my pencil box. It's orange. My ruler is blue and red .It's in the pencil-box. That is a pencil. It's black. It is not my pencil. It's Lucy's. The white eraser is Bob's. I call Bob at 789-6943. It is his telephone number.
The question is: The eraser is  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:black
B:blue and red
C:white
D:orangeMr. Jenkins is fifty years old. He has taught math in a middle school for twenty-six years. He works hard and always come to his office on time. He hopes his students can be honest and is strict with them. Some of his students become famous persons,but they still remember him and often write to him. Of course the old man is proud of it.
This term he began to teach Grade One. Some of the new students were told about him, but the others didn't know him well. He told them how to be an honest person. He gave them several examples and said,"I hate telling a lie most."
Before class was over,he told all his students to finish Exercise 8 in Unit 1.The next morning,as soon as he came in the classroom,he asked,"Who's finished Exercise 8? "
A few students put up their hands. He shook his head and said. "Open your workbooks and see if there's Exercise 8 in Unit 1 or not."
The students had a look at their books and their faces turned red at once.
The question is: The students' faces turned red because   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:they made Mr. Jenkins angry
B:they told a lie in class
C:they didn't finish the exercise
D:they felt very excitedHave you ever tried to understand something new on your own but found it a bit too difficult in books or on the Internet? Don't be worriedyou can get help at Khan Academy .
Khan Academy is an online learning website created in 2007 by Salman Khan, an American teacher. In order to provide "a free world-class education to anyone anywhere",Khan offers more than 4,200 free micro lectures atkhanacademy.org.
The classes cover fields like mathematics, biology, chemistry and finance. They usually last for just 10 to 15 minutes. Unlike traditional classes, Khan mainly offers courses for students below college level. The classes can also help those who are planning to take the SAT, an exam often required for students who wish to enter a college or university in the US.
So how can you start your learning journey at Khan Academy?
First of all,enter the website with a personal e-mail account .Your personal homepage at Khan Academy is designed to help you learn math. You can take a pre-test first to see your level. The academy then suggests exercises at the right level for you. It also allows you to watch videos and improve yourself until you reach level 5the highest level.
If you are interested in other subjects, click "LEARN" to see all topics on offer. Try "Art History",for example. This will take you to all the things in that area like text articles, videos and questions. You can also put key words into the search box to see related topics.
Don't worry if you find it difficult to follow the courses in English. The courses have been translated into other languages, such as Chinese. Hundreds of Khan's courses in Chinese can be found on Netease (www. 163. com),which offers translations of courses from Harvard, Yafe, Oxford,Cambridge and other top universities.
The question is: Which is the best title for this passage?
The possible answers are:
A:Online Learning
B:Salman Khan
C:College Education
D:Language CoursesThere is a famous saying in the West: Eat breakfast like a king. It means breakfast should be the most important meal of your day. Why?
The answer is in the word breakfast itself. Breakfast means "breaking of the fast ". There are about twelve hours between dinner and breakfast, so it's important to eat breakfast to keep in good health. Also, the food for breakfast will give you what you need in the day.
Eating a good breakfast is important, but not many people are changing their eating habits. In the USA, about 60% of people have their main meal in the evening. For most Japanese and Australians, the evening meal is the main meal of the day, too.
In Mexico, the main meal for many families is usually at 2:00 pm. In Switzerland, the main meal is also in the middle of the day.
Many nutritionist  say people should eat small, low-fat meals five or six times  a day. However, most people think that what you eat is more important than when you eat it. Eating healthy foods like vegetables, fish, and fresh fruit is a good way to enjoy a healthy life.
The question is: People in  _  have their main meal in the middle of the day.
The possible answers are:
A:Japan and Australia
B:Japan and Mexico
C:Mexico and Switzerland
D:Australia and SwitzerlandA group of old classmates, who have succeeded in their work, got together to visit their old university professor. The conversation soon turned to complaining about the stress in work and life. Offering his guests coffee, the professor went to the kitchen and returned with a large pot of coffee and many cups-china , plastic and glass, some plain  looking, some expensive and some lovely. The professor told them to help themselves to the coffee.
When all the students had a cup of coffee in hand, the professor said, "Can you notice all the nice looking expensive cups were taken, leaving behind the plain and cheap ones? While it is normal for you to want only the best for yourselves, that is the source  of your problems and stress."
"What all of you really wanted was coffee, not the cup, but you went for the best cups and were eyeing each other's cups."
"Now think about this: life is the coffee, and the jobs, money and position in society are the cups. They are just tools to hold and contain life, and do not change the quality of life. Sometimes, by concentrating only on the cups, we fail to enjoy the coffee. So don't let the cups drive you, enjoy the coffee instead."
The question is: What is the best title of this passage?
The possible answers are:
A:Life Is the Coffee
B:An Old University Professor
C:Stress in Your Life
D:Coffee and Coffee CupsSome people have a very poor sense of direction. Unluckily, I am one of them. I have visited a place many times but I may still get lost there the next time.
When I was a little girl, I never dared to ask strangers the way. And so I used to walk around in circles and hope that by chance I would get to the place I was going to.
Now, I am no longer too shy to ask people for directions, but I often receive helpless or even wrong information. So I try to avoid giving people wrong directions. If anyone ever asks me the way somewhere, I would say, "Sorry, I am a stranger here."
Once on my way to work I was stopped by a man. He asked me if I could tell him the way to the Friendship Building. I gave him my usual reply. But just as I walked on only a few steps. I realized that he had asked the way to my office building. However, I had no time to turn back and look for him. I was rushing to meet with someone at my office and I didn't want to keep him waiting.
When I just got to my office, the secretary  showed in the man who had asked me for directions. Imagine how _ I was and how surprised he was when we saw each other at the first sight.
The question is: Which of the following is TRUE according to the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:The writer is too shy to give others directions.
B:The writer has a very poor sense of direction.
C:The writer never got lost when she was young.
D:The man was quite nervous when he saw the writer."The world has never been a better place to live in" says science writer Matt Ridley, "and it will keep on getting better." Read on to see how Ridley makes his case. Right or wrong? You decide.
Compared with 50 years ago, when I was just four years old, people now make nearly three times as much money, eat one third more food and expect to live one third longer. In fact, it's hard to find any areas of the world that's worse off  now than it was then, even though the world population has more than doubled over that period.
One reason we are richer, healthier, taller, cleverer, longer-lived and freer than ever before is that the four most basic human needs--food, clothing, fuel and shelter--have grown much cheaper. Take one example: In 1800, a candle providing one hour's light cost six hours' work. In the 1880s, the same light from a lamp took 15 minutes' work to pay for. In 1950, it was eight seconds. Today, it's half a second. In these terms, we are 43,200 times better off than in1800.
In the United States, rivers, lakes, seas and air are getting cleaner all the time. A car today produces less pollution traveling at full speed than a parked car did from leaks   in 1970.
Although the world population is growing, the rate   of increase has been falling for 50 years. Across the world, national birth rates are lower now than in 1960, and in the less developed world, the birth rate has almost halved. According to a research report from the United Nations, population will start falling once it reaches 9.2 billion in 2075. After all, there are already seven billion people on earth, and they are eating better and better.
In 1970s, there were 550 billion barrels   of oil reserves   in the world, and in the 20 years that followed the world used up 600 billion. So by 1990, reserves should have been overused by 50 billion barrels. Instead, it is reported there are 900 billion today. They will last for many years and people will find something in place of oil long before they run out.
The more we develop, the more we can develop. The more we invent, the more inventions become possible. For 200 years, pessimists (people who believe that terrible things will happen in future) have had all the headlines--even though _ have far more often been right. There are some reasons for pessimists. No charity   ever raised money by saying things are getting better. No journalist ever got the front page writing a story about how terrible things won't happen. Don't be a pessimist--dare to be an optimist!
The question is: Which of the following is true, according to the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:Things we used to need were much cheaper than they are today.
B:The pollution today is much more serious than it was long ago.
C:Population problem has nearly made the world stop developing.
D:It's not necessary to be worried about oil reserves in the world.Selena Gomez won Favorite Female Singer at 2014 Kids' Choice Awards on March 29. It is a very important awards show held every year in America.
Gomez was born on July 22,1992 in Texas. The 22-year-old girl is an all-round star----she not only acts well but also sings a lot of popular songs. At the age of 7, Gomez first played with a purple dinosaur on the TV show Barney and Friends. In 2007, Gomez acted in Wizards of Waverly Place (<<>> ),which was a big success. After that, she played different roles in many films and become more and more popular.
Gomez made her own band at the age of 17. Fans love her songs because of her beautiful voice. By fan, she has released   three albums  . She also has a good sense of fashion. Gomez wore a beautiful dress at the Kids' Choice Award. It made her lovely and she shone the whole night.
Charity is an important part in Gomez's life. In October 2008, she was named UNICEF's spokes-person  for Trick-or-Treat, which encourages children to raise money on Halloween to help poor children around the world. She said that she was excited to encourages other kids to make a difference in the world.
The question is: Which of the following is true according to the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:Selene Gomez played a purple dinosaur in Barney and Friends.
B:Selene Gomez started a band at the age of 7.
C:Selene Gomez wore a dress on the night of March 29, 2014.
D:Selene Gomez loves to spend Halloween with children.A poor traveler arrived at a small village. He had no food or money. He only had a cooking pot. He
made a small cooking fire, placed his pot on it, and poured in some water. When a few villagers asked
what he was doing, he said that he was making stone soup which was a recipe passed down from his
father. He then dropped   a round stone into the pot.
Then the traveler told the villagers stories of his travels and the exciting things he'd seen. He tasted
  his soup and said it was nice, but a bit of salt would be better. One villager went home and came
back with some salt for the soup.
A few more villagers stopped to see what was going on when they heard the traveler speaking. The
traveler told more stories and said that some carrots or onions would be nice to the delicious soup. So
another villager said he could give a few carrots and brought them from his home.
This continued with the traveler asking for onions, a bit of meat, celery  , potatoes to the soup.
Finally, the soup was OK and everyone enjoyed the tasty meal.
The question is: Which of the following is NOT true according to the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:The traveler put tomatoes, potatoes and carrots into the soup.
B:The villagers were happy to taste the soup.
C:The traveler said the recipe was from his father.
D:The traveler got the soup and paid for nothing.Nigel is our new next-door neighbour. He's a pilot . He was in the R.F.A. He will fly to New York next month. The month after next he'll fly to Tokyo. At the moment, he's in Madrid. He flew to Spain a week ago. He'll return to London the week after next . He's only forty-one years old, and he has already been to nearly every country in the world. Nigel is a very lucky  man. But his wife isn't very lucky. She usually stays at home!
The question is: Nigel's job is a   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:teacher
B:doctor
C:actor
D:pilotAROUND HANGZHOU is a special news program in English on HTV-1. It's about the city and lasts for 8 minutes. You can watch the program at 22:27 p.m. every Sunday and watch it again at 7:30 a.m. and 15:35 p.m. on Monday.
Tel: 85195197           Add: 310004,139 North Ring Road, Hangzhou[
HANGZHOU WEEKLY is to help foreigners understand more about the city. It's a news edition in English in Hangzhou. It usually appears on the 48th edition of the city's most popular newspaper CITY EXPRESS every Thursday.
Tel: 85051699            Add: 310041, 218 Tiyuchang Road, Hangzhou.
IN TOUCH is an English language magazine. Turn the pages and inside you'll find passages on history, art, music, sports, travel and food of Zhejiang. At the end of every month you can get the magazine in hotels, restaurants and cafes all around Zhejiang without paying.
Tel: 87630035 87633103    Add: 310007, 5 Huanglong Road, Hangzhou
The question is: If a foreign friend wants to know more about HANGZHOU WEEKLY, he can call  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:87633103
B:85051699
C:85195197
D:87630035Winter solstice, as the name shows, means the coming of winter. As an important solar term in the traditional Chinese calendar, it is also a traditional holiday for Chinese, which is also called "", "","", etc. Generally, winter solstice occurs between December 21st and 23rd. According to the traditional Chinese calendar, five days constitutes a pentad and three pentads constitutes a solar term. One year is divided into twelve periods and twelve climates which are regarded as twenty-four solar terms. The Winter Solstice is one of twenty-four solar terms. On this day, in the Northern Hemisphere the period of daytime is the shortest of the year and the period of night is longest. . In Northern China during winter solstice there is a custom of eating dumplings.
The question is: Which day has the longest daytime in China?
The possible answers are:
A:The beginning of spring
B:Summer solstice
C:Grain full
D:The beginning of autumnOnline shopping has become something very common for young people, however, it's not easy for the old people to buy things on the internet. Therefore, offline Daigou stores, or buy-for-you stores, are becoming popular among the old.
64-year-old man Li Hui'an is searching for his favorite CD in an offline Daigou shop. He says, "It's very convenient to buy things online, however, I can't use the internet. After I happened to find this buy-for-you shop, I decided to try, as I wanted to buy an opera CD. Finally I got one I'd searched for several years. I was so happy. I have become crazy about offline shopping. "
The store owner Liu Min says in order to meet the need of people who want to buy things online but can't use the internet, she started the business of offline buy-for-you. In only about ten days since the start of the business, she has received more than 20 orders from customers  . Liu Min is not the only one who finds the large need of offline buy-for-you business in the market. In Dalian city, northeast China, more than 300 such stores opened their doors only in April.
In order to attract more customers, they have opened their shops in residential communities  . And they charge a suitable service fee. For example, when buying things that cost less than 200 Yuan for customers, they usually charge 5 Yuan as service fee.
Though the offline buy-for-you service makes it easier for certain people to shop online, what if there is any problem with the ordered thing, let's say, like a quality problem? The shop owners say they will deal with any quality problems that may happen when using their Daigou service.
The question is: What is offline shopping?
The possible answers are:
A:Buying things in a common store.
B:Buying and selling things on the internet.
C:Buying things on the internet for the old.
D:Buying things on the internet for the people who can't use the internet.My uncle likes sports very much. He loves soccer ball, basketball, baseball, tennis and more. He plays baseball and basketball very well. He likes to watch the sports games on TV. He plays sports every day. He has a small sports collection. He has 12 tennis rackets, 10 baseballs, 3 basketballs and a soccer ball.
The question is: He plays  _  very well.
The possible answers are:
A:soccer and baseball
B:tennis
C:baseball and basketball
D:Ping-PongWe are always using body language in our daily life. When we have a conversation with someone, we may be using more body language than words. However, the same body language may mean different things in different countries. That's why people sometimes do not understand each other correctly. Pointing to one part of the body can mean differently in different cultures. For example, in the USA people point to their heads when they think someone is clever. However, in Europe  it means 'He or she is stupid or something is wrong with his or her head'. In our Chinese culture, nodding our head up and down means 'yes' and shaking our head from side to side means 'no'. However, in parts of India, Greece and Turkey, it means just the opposite . In England or the USA, when you raise your hand and make a circle with the thumb and the second finger, it means 'You're all right or Everything is OK'. However, if we do this in France or Belgium, it means 'You're worth zero'. In Greece or Turkey, we should not make this gesture . Or we are thought to be very rude.
The meaning of gestures can also change over time. In the 1960s, the V sign meant 'peace'. However, during World War II, it meant 'victory'. In Greece, it is a very insulting sign. Though the meaning of body language is different, there are some expressions having the same meaning throughout the world, such as smiling and crying.
The question is: In England, if people point to their heads it means they think someone is   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:clever
B:stupid
C:headache
D:angryMr and Mrs Smith have just opened a small restaurant. In order to _  , they put a notice in front of the restaurant, which said " Meals on the House for Three Days."
A foreign student who didn't know much English happened to pass by the restaurant on the second day. It was lunch time and he felt very hungry. "Well, here is a restaurant. I am going to have something to eat." He walked towards the restaurant when he saw the notice. " American people are really strange. They even eat dinners on the house! But how can I get up to the top of the house?" he said to himself.
He looked around and found a ladder  against a tree nearby. He was very glad. But as he reached the top he heard someone shouting at him. " Hey, what are you doing up there?" Mr Smith was looking at him angrily and beside him was a policeman.
" Don't your notice say " Meals on the House for Three Days"? Is it just a joke?" the foreign student answered.
On hearing this, both Mr Smith and the policeman laughed. " Don't you know what ON THE HOUSE means? Look it up in the dictionary," the policeman said.
The question is: Mr and Mrs Smith are the   _   of the small restaurant.
The possible answers are:
A:visitors
B:cleaners
C:owners
D:cooks*Teachers Wanted
Are you a teacher? Do you like kids? Can you help them with Chinese? Come to join us. Call John at 378-5788.
*Ping-pong Club
Do you like to play ping-pong? Do you want to play ping-pong well? Mr. Cai can teach you. You can come here every Saturday afternoon.
Tel: 368-5778
Add: Room 212 in School's P.E. Buliding.
The question is: Teachers help kids to learn Chinese on  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:weekends
B:Mondays
C:Thursdays
D:FridaysEach year, up to six young inventors, grade K-12, in America can receive the nation's most excellent young inventors' honor, "The Thomas Edison Innovation Award  ," for their invention ideas. They can receive the following honors:
*    Thomas Edison Innovation Award, "The Tommy", a handmade trophy 
*    US$1,000--US$ 5,000 in prize money
*    All-expenses-paid  trip for the inventor and one parent to the ceremony.
*    Chances in the future to connect with universities and industries to further the inventors' ideas
*    A place in history! The inventors' names and ideas can be preserved   at the National Museum of Education
The question is: How many students can receive the honor each year?
The possible answers are:
A:Up to nine
B:Up to eight
C:Up to seven
D:Up to sixWhen July comes, children know they'll have the final exams and the school year will end soon. Boys and girls will have a nearly two months' holiday, and they'll leave school by train or by car to return home to see their fathers and mothers.
The summer holiday is the best time of the year for most students. The weather is good, so they can spend most of their time playing outside .If one lives in the country, he can go on a trip into the woods or in the fields. If one lives in a big city, he can go to a park to play.
The best place for a summer holiday is the seaside. Some children are lucky enough to live near the sea. But for the others who do not, if they have the chance to stay at one of the big seaside towns for a week or two, they will talk about it all the following school year.
Now, what makes children like the seaside so much? I think it is the sand, the sea and the sun, not anything else. Of course, there are lots of new things to see, nice things to eat and interesting things to do. But the feeling of the sand under their feet, the salt water on their skin, and the warm sun on their backs make them happier.
The question is: Every year, school children have the final exams in   _  , and the exam means the school year will end.
The possible answers are:
A:May
B:January
C:July
D:DecemberPresents For Children's Day
Charles M. Schulz was born in 1922 in Minneapolis, the only child of a housewife and a barber. His interest in comics was encouraged by his father, who loved the funny pages. Charles M. Schulz sold seventeen cartoons to the Saturday Evening Post from 1948 to 1950 and Li'l Folks to the St. Paul Pioneer Press. Peanuts debuted  on October 2, 1950, and ran without interruption for the next fifty years. Charles M. Schulz died in 2000.
*IT'S A DOG'S LIFE  SNOOPY
It's a Dog's Life, Snoopy brings all your familiar friends together for great times and fun.
*IT'S A BIG WORLD  CHARLIE BROWN
Charlie Brown faces some of life's little challenges with the help of Snoopy, Lucy, Peppermint Patty, Linus, and the rest of the gang  in It's a Big World, Charlie Brown.
*PEANUTS 2000
The last one is the special edition Peanuts 2000, which includes all the last year's Peanuts comic strip and Charles M. Schulz's famous farewell strip.
Come and visit our website at www.ballantinebooks.com or come to Ballantine Bookshop, you'll have a big surprise.
The question is: When did Peanuts first appear in public?
The possible answers are:
A:In 1922
B:In 1948
C:In 1950
D:In 200Greenland is the largest island in the world.It covers over 2,000,000 square kilometers.Most of the island lies inside the Arctic Circle ,and a huge sheet of icecovers 85% of its area.
Along the sea mountains rising from the sea,there are a few low trees in the southwest,but no forests.In winter snow covers everything,but in summer very low plants cover the ground between the sea and the ice sheet.Norwegians were the first Europeans to see the island in AD 875,but no one visited it until 982.Three years later a few Norwegians went to live there.In 1261 the people in Greenland decided to join Norway.Norway and Denmark united in 1380.This union ended in 1814,and Greenland stayed with Denmark.Greenland is fifty times larger than Denmark,but it is still part of this small country.
The question is: What will you probably see when you come to the southwest of Greenland in summer?
The possible answers are:
A:Forests of very low trees.
B:Nothing but ice sheet everywhere.
C:Very low plants along the seaside.
D:Snow that covers everything there.John likes chocolates  very much, but his mother doesn't give him. They're bad for his teeth, she thinks. John has a very nice grandfather. The old man loves John very much and sometimes he buys John some chocolates. Then his mother let him eat them. Because she wants to make the old man happy.
One Sunday evening before his seventh birthday, he shouts, "Please, God , let them give me a big box of chocolates for my birthday." His mother says, "God can't hear you.  Don't shout  ! "
"I know," says the clever boy with a smile. "But my grandfather is in the next room. And he can."
The question is: Who sometimes buys some chocolates for John?
The possible answers are:
A:God
B:His mother
C:His grandfather
D:His grandmotherLondon, May 5, 2003  Emma Richards of Britain has become the first woman and the youngest person to finish the Around Alone, which is a round-the-world sailing race. The journey started in New York last September and went east around South Africa to New Zealand. It crossed the Pacific Ocean and went around South America, ending up yesterday in Rhode Island, the smallest state in America. In the end, the trip covered over 46,000 kilometres. The same sea route was taken in the past by many famous travelers who wanted to learn about the world.
Emma, a 1996 graduate   of the University of Glasgow, finished the race at the age of twenty-eight. The race requires competitors to sail alone. Emma said that actually it was very difficult to be all by herself for such a long time even though she's really into sailing. Her worst moment was when she had to climb the high mast   in a bad storm to fix some broken parts. She sailed hundreds of kilometres away from land and the wind was blowing very hard. Only her strong willpower kept her going to make it all the way. These days, Emma is happy to be home with her parents and sleep in a bed that stays still.
The question is: How long did the trip take?
The possible answers are:
A:About four months.
B:About six months.
C:About eight months.
D:About twelve months.Fire  Instructions 
The person who finds a fire should:
A. Open the nearest fire alarm.
B. If it is safe and the fire is small, try to put out the fire.
On Hearing The Fire Alarm :
C. Those in class: will go to the playground under the direction(,) from the teacher.
D. Those not in class: will go to the playground by the nearest way.
How to leave:
E. Move quickly.
F. Do not stop to find your own things.There is no time for you to do that.
G. Do not try to pass other people on your way to the playground.
H. Do not use the lift .It's dangerous when there is a fire.
The question is: When you find a fire, you should try to   _  the fire if it is safe
The possible answers are:
A:open the fire alarm
B:put out
C:run away
D:ask for helpMy name's Mary. This is my family tree. These are my parents. Their names are Bill and Grace Brown. Those are my grandparents. Their names are Hery and Linda Brown. This is my uncle. His name is John. That boy is my brother. His name is Tony. This is Susan. She is my uncle's daughter.
,. (2,10)
The question is: Tony and Mary are Susan's   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:brothers
B:sisters
C:friends
D:cousinsHave you ever been in a meeting while someone was making a speech and realized suddenly that your mind was a million miles away? You probably felt sorry and decided to pay attention and never have daydreaming again. Most of us have been told from earliest school days that daydreaming is a waste of time. I don't think so.
L. Giambra, a psychologist, says, "Daydreaming isn't a waste of time. _ , daydreaming is quite necessary. Without it, the mind couldn't do all the thinking that it has to do during a normal day. You can't possibly do all your thinking with a conscious mind. Instead, your unconscious mind is working out problems all the time. Daydreaming may be one way that the unconscious and conscious states of mind have silent conversations ."
Early psychologists paid no attention to the importance of daydreams or even thought they were harmful . At one time people thought that some psychological illness caused daydreaming. They did not have a better understanding of daydreams until the late 1980s. Eric Klinges, a professor, is the writer of the book Daydreaming. Klinges says, "We know now that daydreaming is one of the main ways that we organize our lives, learn from our experiences, and plan for our futures. Daydreams really are a window on the things that we are afraid and the things we long for   in life."
Daydreams are usually very simple and direct, quite unlike sleep dreams. Sleep dreams may be hard to understand. It's easier to get a deep understanding of your life by paying close attention to your daydreams than by trying to examine  your sleep dreams carefully. Daydreams help you know the difficult situations in your life and found out a possible way of dealing with them.
Daydreams cannot be predicted: they move off in unexpected directions which may be creative and full of useful ideas. For many famous artists and scientists, daydreams were and are a main source  of creative energy.
The question is: The writer quoted   L. Giambra and Eric Klinges to   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:list out two opposite ideas
B:point out the wrong ideas of early experts
C:support his own ideas
D:report the latest research on daydreamingMike gets up at half past seven. He has an egg and some milk for breakfast. Then he goes to school. When he is on his way to school, he is thinking, " I tell my teacher that my mother is ill on  Mon---day. I tell him my bike doesn't work on my way to school on Tuesday. What should I say  to--day? Mike thinks it over, but he doesn't have a good idea.
"May I come in?" says Mike at the  door.
"Oh, my boy," says Mr. Brown. "Please look at the clock on the wall. What time is it now?" "It's eight ten," says Mike. Mr. Brown is not happy and says, "You are late for class three times this
week. If all the students are like you, the clock is no use, I think."
" You are wrong, Mr. Brown," says Mike. "If I don't have the clock how do I know I am late for school?"
The question is: What does Mike do?
The possible answers are:
A:A student
B:A teacher
C:A worker
D:A cookWe may know that there are four basic periods for human beings to pass through when you enter and live in another country. This process  helps you deal with culture shock .
Culture shock begins with the "honeymoon period". This is the time when you first arrive in a place where everything about the new cu1ture is strange and exciting. You see new things, hear new sounds and language, eat new kinds of food. This period can last for quite a long time because you feel very happy.
Unluckily, the second period can be more difficu1t.  After you have got used to your new life, you can become very tired and begin to miss your motherland, your family, your friends, your pets and so on. Al1 the little prob1ems in life seem to be much bigger and more worrying when you face them in a foreign country. This period can be very difficult and lead to moving backwards quickly.
The third period is called the "adjustment  period". This is When you begin to realize that things are not so bad in the new country. Your sense of humor usually becomes stronger and you realize you are becoming stronger by 1earning to take care of yourself in the new place. Things are still difficult, but you are now a survivor .
The fourth period can be cal1ed "at ease at last". Now you feel quite comfortable in your new place. You can deal with most problems that you have. You may still have prob1ems with language,but you know you are strong enough to deal with them. At this time, you may feel a little uncomfortable if you go back to your motherland.
The question is: According to the passage, culture shock usually happens when you
The possible answers are:
A:get married to a foreigner
B:live in a big city
C:go to live in a foreign country
D:meet foreigners in your motherlandDear Jenny,
I am in Beijing, China now, but my parents are in the USA. I live with my brother Peter. Beijing is big and great. There are many beautiful places and much delicious food here. I like Beijing very much.
Peter and I are in the same grade, but we are in different classes. We live far from the school and it takes us a long time to go to school. We have to get up at 6:20 in the morning, and then at 6:30 we ride bikes to the bus stop. It takes us about 20 minutes. At about 7:00, we take the bus to school. We get to school at about 7:30.
We have four classes in the morning and two in the afternoon. I think Chinese is too difficult, but Peter thinks it is easy. He can speak Chinese very well and he often helps me with it.
How is everything going with you in the USA? Write to me soon.
Love,
Kate
,.
The question is: Which of the followings is TRUE?
The possible answers are:
A:Peter gets up at 6:30.
B:Kate has five classes a day.
C:Peter and Kate are classmates.
D:Kate thinks Chinese is very difficult."I didn't hear them call my name," explained Shelley Hennig to Active Teens (AT) as she talked about that exciting moment on national television when she won the honor of Miss Teen USA 2004. "Are you ready?"is what she heard. Then she said,"I shook my head no,and then they said 'yes' and it was announced again."
It was four days after that life changing moment for the seventeen year old high school student from Destrehan, Louisiana. She was still _ 
"I was so shocked! I never believed that it could actually really happen. "Present in the audience   that day were: her mother and father, older brother, her friends, and her dance teacher.
Understanding why members of her family and her friends would be there,AT asked why her dance teacher had traveled so far to see her compete  . "She's always been my role model. I've danced with her since I was six. She's been through so many difficulties and came through them all. I've learned to get over bad life's experiences and learned how to move on because of her."
One of those bad life's experiences for Shelley happened three years ago when her brother Brad was killed in a drunk driving accident. He was 18. She found writing helped her get through the tough days. She said, "I write a lot about my brother. I write a lot, a lot,a lot..."
As Miss Louisiana Teen, she traveled around the state speaking to teens   about the dangers of drinking and driving. In her role as Miss Teen USA, Shelley will continue to speak to youth about safe driving,in addition to many other things to help the youth.
When AT asked Miss Teen USA if she had any advice for our readers, she said, "Don't let anyone change you. Hang out with people that make you feel good about yourself. That way,it is easy to be yourself."
The question is: .What suggestion does Shelley give to the teens?
The possible answers are:
A:Be yourself with the support of friends.
B:Meet friends whenever possible.
C:Go easy on yourself and others.
D:Have a good role model.The telephone rang when Mrs. Gates was cooking lunch. Her son Bruce went to answer the phone. His aunt said she was coming to see them with her daughter that afternoon. Mrs. Gates was happy because she hadn't seen her sister for several months. She knew the girl liked bananas very much, but she was busy in the kitchen and couldn't go to buy any for her. She gave some money to Bruce and said, "Go and buy two kilos of bananas in the shop. "
Bruce liked bananas, too. He went out happily. Half an hour later he came back with a bag in his hand. Mrs. Gates weighed the bananas and found they were half a kilo short. She took the bag to the shopkeeper and said, "I sent my little son for two kilos of bananas, but you gave him only one and a half kilos!" "Have you weighed your little son yet, madam?" asked the shopkeeper, "My scales   are all right."
The question is: Mrs. Gates asked her son  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:to cook lunch
B:to buy some bananas
C:to sweep the floor
D:to play with his sisterThere is a one-day holiday in most western countries on New Year's Day. The real celebration begins on New Year's Eve-the night before New Year's Day. There are several interesting customs in the west, and there are many differences in different countries.
Though Christmas is a good time for families to get together, New Year's Day is a time for some western people to be with friends. On New Year's Day, there are always parties. At such parties, there is food, drinks and dances until New Year comes
At midnight, people often say "Happy New Year! "to each other. In many western countries, _ are let off at midnight and some people like to shout aloud to drive away evil spirits.
The question is: On New Year's Eve, western people don't often  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:say "Happy New Year" to each other
B:let off fireworks
C:sing a Scottish song
D:shout aloud to drive away evil spiritsWe all have our own ways of sharing our life experiences with others.
Photographers use cameras, artists use brushes, musicians use songs and writers use stories.
Spencer Johnson's story Who Moved My Cheese? shows changes exist in our life. Life changes and so we do. We must change ourselves to face the changing environment, or we will fail.
Just look at the cycle of the seasons. Trees bud in spring and in summer their leaves turn green. In autumn, their leaves start to fall onto the ground. When winter comes, there are no leaves on trees. Next spring the cycle begins again. Since we know there are cycles in nature, we can prepare for them. We know it is colder in winter and hotter in summer, so we can dress properly.
Since we accept the cycles of nature, we should also accept the changes in our life.
We can prepare ourselves for changes by becoming more flexible . We can regard the changes in our life as chances. As we keep changing ourselves, we can keep up with the changes in our life.
The question is: Who Moved My Cheese? tells us that   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:changes exist in our life
B:we should move others' things
C:we should use books to share our life experiences
D:there are difficulties in our lifeElena jogged   with her dad in some empty lots  . These out-of-the-way lots were good places to jog. But the lots were full of rocks and rubbish.
One day, Elena saw a sign on the lots. It said, "New City Park". Elena was excited. Maybe the park would have a jogging trail  ! Elena told her parents about the sign.
"I read about the park in the newspaper," said Elena's father. "The city wants volunteers to help clean the area. Then the city will build a soccer field and a playground. But the paper didn't mention a jogging trail."
"Well, perhaps if I help clean up the lots, they'll put in a jogging trail," said Elena.
On Saturday Elena went to the lots. Many adults were working there. Some were picking up rubbish. Some were moving rocks. Elena looked around. She could carry rubbish, and she could move rocks. So she went to the area every week to do volunteer work. She told everyone she was glad to help build the park. She explained that she hoped the park would have a jogging trail. Then everyone knew her and her jogging trail.
Soon the volunteers cleared the lots. The city could start building. The mayor   gave a speech. He showed a drawing of the new park. He told them about the soccer field. There would be picnic tables. There would be a playground. The park would even have basketball courts. But there was no sign of a jogging trail.
The mayor thanked the volunteers. Then he asked if they had any suggestions. The volunteers said they wanted to build a jogging trail around the park. They told the mayor how helpful Elena had been and how she wanted a jogging trail. The mayor then said, "A jogging trail won't be hard to build. Let's do it!"
Everyone clapped and cheered.
The question is: Why did Elena want to help clean the lots?
The possible answers are:
A:Because she wanted to play on the playground.
B:Because she wanted her name in the newspaper.
C:Because she wanted the city to build a jogging trail.
D:Because she wanted to work with other volunteers.The car was invented   just a century ago. You may know all kinds of cars' names, but many people don't know who was the inventor of the first car. The first car was invented not by a German, but by an American. His name was Henry Ford. Henry was born in a poor family. He was the eldest of six children. When he was a boy, he became interested in mending watches and machines. When he was twelve years old, his mother died. Soon he had to work in a machine shop for two dollars and fifty cents a week. In the evenings he repaired watches for another dollar a week. The hard life made him strong and able.
At that time there was another interest in the life of the young ford. He dreamed  to make a machine. It could run without a horse, so named "horseless carriage." He over-came  a lot of difficulties and in April 1893, the "horseless carriage" was finally finished. It was the first car.
Later Henry Ford founded the Ford Motor Company . He was really the first inventor of the car in the world.
The question is: How many dollars did young Ford earn  every week?   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:2.5 dollars
B:3.5 dollars
C:3 dollars
D:4 dollarsWhenever there's a terrible storm, there are plenty of sad stories. Many people lost their houses, their cars and their pets. But sometimes these stories have happy endings too.
A family in New Jersey, US, had a cat named Vivien. She is very smart. She could even draw with her wet paws on the floor. They all love her very much. When hurricane   Sandy hit America in October, they moved to a safer place-13km away from home. Sadly Vivien went missing. The whole family were worried about her. They put up posters on the Internet to look for her. All the nine family members searched wherever they thought she could stay, but they didn't find it. The family thought Vivien was gone forever.
But six months later, Vivien showed up at their house, according to Yahoo News. They considered her return as a wonder. No one can be sure where Vivien was for all that time.
Many animals are good at finding their way home. People usually say that dogs and cats find their way home through using their sense of smell.
But that doesn't explain how Vivien found her way back. Hurricane Sandy blew away the normal smells of home.
"I wish she could talk," said her owner.
The question is: The cat was missing for
The possible answers are:
A:4 months
B:6 months
C:9 months
D:13 monthsHow important is color in the business world?
Google, one of the biggest U.S. companies, is trying to find it out. The company has already found "a close connection between color and satisfaction with a person's work area". That's according to its spokeswoman named Meghan Casserly.
"Color is a silent salesperson," said Elyria Kemp. She is an assistant professor of marketing at the University of New Orleans.
Kemp is following color trends in business. She is studying the connection between feelings and color. According to Kemp, when people make an evaluation   of a product, usually they do this within 90 seconds or less. Besides, more than half of their first evaluation is based on (......) color alone.
That's why so many companies are researching their color choices. They are spending thousands of dollars on the research, too. Just think of UPS's Pullman brown, Home Depot's orange and Tiffany & Co.'s blue.
Joclyn Benedetto is a spokeswoman for Tiffany & Co. She said the success of the company's jewelry   was connected to its blue color. It is used to wrap   every product. She said the color was chosen by the founder Charles Lewis Tiffany for the cover of Blue Book, Tiffany's annual collection of beautifully hand-made jewels, which first came out in 1845.
Coca-Cola's red color also dates back more than 100 years. The soft drink was shipped in barrels painted red.
A spokesperson for Home Depot said research showed that the first thing people thought of was orange when they heard the name of the company.
Smaller companies are also realizing the importance of color. But picking the right color is important.
"You know when something is right because you get a feeling of safety, and it's not something that you think about. It just will hit you," said Emil Hagopian, a distributor for Mar Plast Color Building Accessories in Ann Arbor, Mich. "And sometimes, if it's done wrong, that also hits you."
The question is: Which company does Meghan Casserly work for?
The possible answers are:
A:Tiffany & Co.
B:Coca-Cola.
C:Home Depot.
D:Google."Today is Mom's birthday, Mosh," Nick said. "Let's make her favorite banana bread and surprise her."Nick took out a cookbook. "I'll read the recipe, and you follow it. Get out a bowl and a spoon while I turn on the oven." Nick read from the cookbook. "First, mash   the bananas in the bowl."
The robot put the bananas into the bowl and was going to mash them with its hands. "Stop!" Nick said. "Let's try this again. Peel the bananas, put them in the bowl, and mash them with the spoon." Nick watched when Mosh peeled the bananas and put the peel   into the bowl. Again, Nick told Mosh to stop. Then he showed the robot which part of each banana should go into the bowl.
Then Nick read, "Add the eggs. No, wait," he said right away. Nick cracked   the eggs into the bananas.
"Last, add flour  , milk and sugar," Nick said. "Mix everything together. Then pour the batter   into the bread pan." Mosh followed Nick's orders while Nick read the cookbook.
"I'll put this in the oven," Nick picked up the pan.
Just then Kelly came into the room. "What happened in here?" she felt surprised.
Nick answered, "Mosh and I are making banana bread for Mom's birthday. It is a lot of work, but I think she will be surprised."
"If you want it to be a good surprise for Mom," Kelly laughed, "you need to give Mosh one more order. Clean up!"
The question is: How did Kelly feel when she came into the room?
The possible answers are:
A:Surprised.
B:Excited.
C:Sorry.
D:Bored.Can you write down a Chinese word being read to you? Sometimes it can be difficult when you find the word is not included in most dictionaries.
Lu Jialei, 14, from Hangzhou Foreign Language School, won the CCTV Chinese Character   Spelling Contest on Oct 18th, 2013. About 160 people competed. The host read a word to the contestant, explained its meaning and gave sample sentences. The contestant was required to write down the word.
Winning the contest was a "surprise" to Lu. "I was not the smartest one," she said. "But I paid attention to details." To prepare for the contest, she and her teammates studied the Modern Chinese Dictionary for 10 days. There are more than 56,000 entries   including characters, words and phrases in it. She also had a secret weapon. She studied how Chinese characters were formed.
"When others paid attention to the plot of a story, she looked at how authors use words and sentences to express themselves," said Su Yunsheng, Lu's Chinese teacher. Su is happy to see students like Lu find the beauty of Chinese language.
"Besides using something Chinese and having Chinese traditional festivals, learning to write Chinese characters is also an important part of inheriting   Chinese culture," said Su.
The question is: The contestant was required to write down the word   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:after the contestant read the word to the host
B:before the host read the word to the contestant
C:after the host explained its meaning and gave sample sentences
D:before the contestant explained its meaning and gave sample sentencesLast Tuesday, after doing all the family shopping in town, I wanted to have a rest before catching the train. So I bought a newspaper and some chocolate and went into a station coffee shop with long tables to sit at. I put my heavy bag down on the floor, put the newspaper and chocolate on the table to keep a place, and went to get a cup of coffee.
When I came back with my coffee, there was someone sitting near to me. It was one of those strange-looking young men, with dark glasses, torn clothes, and long hair. But I wasn't surprised at such a young man. What surprised me most was that he had started to eat my chocolate!
I was rather uneasy about him, but I didn't want to get into trouble. I just looked down at the front page of the newspaper and took a bit of chocolate. The boy looked at me. Then he took a second piece of my chocolate. I could hardly believe it. Still I didn't say anything. When he took a third one, I felt  more angry than uneasy. I thought, "Well, I shall have the last piece." And I got it.
The boy gave me a strange look and then stood up. As he left, he shouted out, "This woman is crazy!" Everyone looked at me. That was embarrassing  enough. But it was worse when I finished my coffee and ready to leave. It wasn't my chocolate I had eaten a moment before. Mine was just under my newspaper.
The question is: According to the story, who got angry at last?
The possible answers are:
A:The young man
B:The woman
C:Neither of them
D:Both of themPeople's Daily Online    07:57, March 13, 2014
According to "China's Economic Life Survey 2013-2014", reported by CCTV (China Central Television) on March 4, 20 cities in China has been chosen as the happiest cities in the country. The China's Economic Life Survey, sponsored by CCTV, the National Bureau of Statistics, China Post Group Corporation and National School of Development at Peking University, is China's largest national media and public survey. More than 100,000 families across 300 counties and 104 cities took part in this nationwide questionnaire . The survey focused on the income, expenditure, social security, and life quality.
Here are the top 20 happiest cities in China.
Haikou, Hainan Province, Changsha, Hunan Province ,Taiyuan, Shanxi Province ,Nanjing, Jiangsu Province ,Tianjin, Hefei, Anhui Province, Chongqing ,Hohhot, Inner Mongolia Autonomous Region, Hangzhou, Zhejiang Province, Xining, Qinghai Province, Lhasa, Tibet Autonomous Region,Qinhuangdao, Hebei Province,Yongzhou, Hunan Province, Yichun, Heilongjiang Province ,Huangshan, Anhui Province ,Huzhou, Zhejiang Province,Chuzhou, Anhui Province,Mianyang, Sichuan Province ,Shangrao, Jiangxi Province,Bozhou, Anhui Province.
The question is: Maybe the passage is from a/an   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:ad
B:newspaper
C:textbook
D:storyAccording to the recent survey , only forty percent of children in our school feel happy, Why?
Do you know what "happiness" means? A lot  of money? No homework every day? High marks or anything else?
In fact , happiness is always around you put your heart into it. When you are in trouble  at school, you r friends will help you; When you study hard  at your lessons, your parents are always taking good care of your life and your health; When you get success, your friends will say congratulations to you; When you do something wrong, people around you will help you to collect it; When you do something good to others, you will feel happy ,too. All these are happiness. If you notice a bit of them, you can see that happiness is always around you. All these can't be bought  with money. It's a feeling of your heart. When you come across difficulties, you can say loudly you are very happy, because you have more chances to challenge yourself.
As the saying goes , lift is a revolving door. When it closes, it also opens. If you take every chance you get, you can be a  happy  and lucky person.
The question is: When you  fail in the exam, both your teacher and your classmates will   _   to make you happy.
The possible answers are:
A:laugh at you
B:play jokes on you
C:help you
D:quarrel with youMr. Perkin stands at the bus stop and watches the cars go by. Many of the cars are Beta 400s, and most of them are yellow. Mr. Perkin likes to do what other people do. So the following week he buys a new yellow Beta 400s. He likes it very much and doesn't like the old red one any more.
This morning Mr. Perkin parks his car in a big park at half past eight near his office. But when he comes out of his office at five o'clock, there're so many yellow Beta 400s in the park. Mr. Perkin can't find out which car is his because he forgets its number and leaves his licence at home. He tries his key in some of the cars and people looks at him. He has to give up. Poor Mr. Perkin can do nothing. He waits nearly two hours until his car is the only yellow Beta 400s left in the park.
The question is: He finds his car   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:with the help of a policeman
B:by trying his key in every car
C:by going home to get the licence
D:by waiting until there is only one yellow carHappiness   is for everyone . You don't need to care about   those people who have beautiful houses with large gardens and swimming pools or those who have nice cars and a lot of money and so on . Why? Because those who have big houses may often feel lonely .and those who have cars may want to work on the country roads at their free time .
In fact , happiness is always around you if you put your heart into it.When you are in trouble at school,your friends will help you;when you study hard at your lessons,your parents are always taking good care of your life and your health;when you get success,your friends will say"Cingratulations"to you;when you do something wrong,people around you will help you to correct it.And when you do something good to others,you notice them,and you can see that happiness is always around you.
Happiness is not the same as money.It is a feeling of your heart.When you are poor,you can also say you are happy,because you have something else that can't be bought with money.When you meet with difficulties,you can say loudly you are very happy,because you have more chances to challenge yourself.So you cannot always say you are poor and you have bad luck.As the saying goes,"Life is like a revolving door.When it closes,it also opens."If you take every chance to get, you can be a happy and lucky person.
The question is: When you do something wrong,  _
The possible answers are:
A:people around you will help you
B:you will have no chance to challenge yourself
C:your classmates will laugh at you
D:you will be happySuccess does not belong to a select group of individuals  . Success belongs to those who are willing to go after it and try their best to do what they have to do. Here are some useful practical ways for you if you want to be a success.
Desire. Desire is the strong wish to achieve a goal. Without desire you have nothing. Before you can run with desire, your goal must be plain, clear, and it must also be exciting.
Show up. Seventy percent of success in life is showing up. You can't have a best seller, if you have never written a book. You can't get your dream job, if you're afraid to turn in an application. Showing up doesn't guarantee  success, but if you don't show up, you won't succeed.
Fail. Unless you're willing to have a try, fail unhappily, and have another try, success won't happen. To have success you have to do things the right way, but often the only way to do something right is to first fail at it. As Thomas J. Watson said, a simple formula   for success is to double your rate of failure  . So welcome failure, become a student of failure, learn from failure, and soon you will succeed.
Work Harder. _ Success is not about doing what the common person can't do. It's about doing what the common person is unwilling to do. And on a deeper level, it's about creating habits that the common person is unwilling to create. It's the habit of doing things with excellence that causes success.
Enjoy the Journey. Success is a journey, not a destination  . Success is not a certain car or a certain house or a certain happy marriage. Success is the enjoyment of the journey. You have to enjoy the journey.
Someone once said, "Unless you change how you are, you will always have what you've got." You have to change, you will change, and you will succeed.
The question is: The best title of the passage might be  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:The Importance of Success
B:The Meaning of Success
C:Success or Failure
D:The Five Main Steps to SuccessHans said to his friend Kurt, "I'm going to take my car to drive to London."
Kurt said, "Driving to London is very hard. You aren't going to find your hotel." But Hans was not afraid. He drove to Calais, put his car on the ship, took it off at Dover, and drove to London.
He stopped near the city and looked at his map. Then he drove into London, but he did not find his hotel. He drove round and round for an hour, and then he stopped and got out of his car. A taxi came, and Hans stopped it. "Take me to the Brussels Hotel," he said. But he did not get into the taxi: he got back into his car. The taxi man laughed, but then he drove to the Brussels Hotel, and Hans followed him in his car. They reached the hotel in two minutes.
,.
The question is: Hans lost his way in   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:Calais
B:London
C:Dover
D:BrusselsMy grandfather Jack is 96 years old, and he has had an interesting life. He has travelled a lot in his life in the Far East. He visited the Taj Mahal in India and the Pyramids in Egypt. He hunted   lions in Africa, and rode a camel in the Sahara Desert. He says the most beautiful place he has travelled to is Kathmandu in Nepal.
Jack has married twice. His first wife died when she was 32. He met his second wife Maria while he was cycling round France They have been married for 50 years, and they have lived happily in a small village since they got married.
Jack says that he has never been ill in his life. The secret of good health, according to my grandfather, is exercise He goes swimming every morning. He has done this since he was a boy. He also has a glass of wine every night! Perhaps that is his secret!
The question is: What does Jack do every night?
The possible answers are:
A:He has a glass of wine.
B:He goes swimming
C:He hunts lions.
D:He rides a camel.Hainan is in the south of China. The weather there is different from that of other areas of China. There is no winter in Hainan. It's not cold all year round. Many people go there in winter, because it's cold in the north of China. In summer, it's very hot. It's usually sunny, but it often rains. So people often take a pair of sunglasses and a raincoat at the same time. People can enjoy many kinds of fruits like bananas and coconuts there, too.
Hainan is a good place to go for holidays and have fun. People can go fishing, boating, swimming and so on. When we want to have a rest, we can walk on the beach   and enjoy the fresh air and white clouds. It's so interesting.
Would you like to go to Hainan?
The question is: Hainan is in the   _   of China.
The possible answers are:
A:south
B:north
C:center
D:we don't knowA pretty, well-dressed young lady stopped a taxi in a big square, and said to the driver, "Can you see that young man at the other side of the square?"
"Yes," said the taxi-driver. The young man was standing outside a restaurant and looking impatiently at his watch every few seconds.
"Take me over there." said the young lady.
There were a lot of cars and buses and trucks in the square, so the taxi- driver asked, "Are you afraid to cross the street."
'Oh, no !" said the young lady. "But I said that I would meet that young man for dinner at one o'c1ock, and it is now a quarter to two. If I arrive in a taxi, it will at least seem as if I have tried not to be too late."
The question is: How did the young woman get to the square?
The possible answers are:
A:She arrived in a taxi
B:She got there by bus.
C:She got there on foot.
D:The story didn't tell us about it.There is a famous saying from the French politician J.A. Brillat-Savarin that goes: "Tell me what kind of food you eat, and I will tell you what kind of man you are." It can be easy to not really think about what you eat. For example, whenever you go into a supermarket to buy a drink, it is all too easy to pick up an ice cream or a piece of chocolate as well. You might not even really want them, but sometimes their bright, nice packaging  can be too hard to refuse.
So, in our special food magazine we will show you why you should really pay more attention to what you eat! Food not only influences our health but also our beliefs, customs and personalities.
The first article will look at the way fast food is leading to obesity  . The famous cook, Jamie Oliver, has made it his purpose to introduce ideas about healthy eating. In a speech, Jamie Oliver told the world that during the 18 minutes that he gave his speech, four Americans would die because of the food that they ate! Obesity is also a growing problem in China. As China Daily reported in February, the number of obese people under the age of 18 in China has reached 120 million.
Jamie has worked for 10 years to try and fight this problem. Learning about food is important not just because of health problems but also because many people still don't have enough food today. And we know as the improvement of science sometimes we have to face genetically modified   food. Don't worry - we'll make you know more about all these topics in our special article!
We'll also tell you something interesting about food. For example, do you know what the largest food on the menu is all over the world? It's the roasted camel and it has been served for several hundred years, often stuffed   with chicken, lamb, egg, fish and rice!
Hopefully by the time you finish reading this edition , you'll pay more attention to the food that you eat. As Oliver says, food is something that can help us enjoy our life. It is important that we love it!
The question is: Where is J.A. Brillat-Savarin from?
The possible answers are:
A:America.
B:England.
C:France.
D:Australia.When I was a kid, the Easter   holidays in Australia were my favorite time of the year. As soon as they began in April, my family would head straight to the beach for a weekend of camping.
Unlike most of the world, Easter falls in autumn in Australia. This means that Easter is our last chance to enjoy the warm weather, swim in the ocean and sleep in the bush under the stars.
We'd pitch our tents  on clear patches of grass and look out onto an almost empty beach. Often we were the only ones camping and the whole beach would be ours alone.
We used to spend all day outside - swimming, hiking and fishing. On Easter morning, my parents would wake up early and plan an Easter egg hunt for my three brothers and me. They would hide the eggs in the strangest places - in abandoned  bird nests in the trees, under our tents and in every corner of the stones that surround  the beach.
In Australia, instead of chocolate bunnies, we had chocolate bilbies  . Bilbies are Australian animals with long ears. Chocolate bilbies were the best treat to find and there was always one for each of us.
But sometimes, other animals found them first, and all we'd find were brightly colored wrappers  with animal tooth marks.
After the hunt we would come back to the campsite with our bellies   full of chocolate. For us, Easter wasn't about chocolate eggs or religious tradition. It was about being with our family in the great outdoors.
The question is: The writer loved Easter because   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:she enjoyed a great time out with her family
B:she could get up late during the holidays
C:she could eat eggs on that day
D:it was the most important holiday of the yearI'm Tony. My best friends are Frank and Cindy. We often do many things together. Frank lives next to my home and we are in the same class. He is thirteen years old and tall and of medium build. He has curly hair and blue eyes. He's good-looking and very clever. He's good at math and often helps me with my homework. He likes wearing black pants and yellow T-shirts.
Cindy doesn't go to my school. She's eleven years old. She is thin and of medium height. She has curly blonde hair and her eyes are brown. She is good-looking, too, but a little bit shy. She is good at playing the guitar. Her favorite subject at school is music. She often teaches Frank and me to play the guitar after class.
The three of us have great fun together, and we help each other and sometimes play video games at my house.
The question is: Where do they play video games?     _  .
The possible answers are:
A:at school
B:at Frank's house
C:at Cindy's house
D:at Tony's houseDoctors, psychologists , economists  and other experts have recently got together to find out what makes us happy and have come to surprising results.
One of the main topics is how to measure happiness. Although some experts say that there are many ways to measure happiness, like recording a person's feelings, satisfaction in life or being healthy, others say that you can't really measure happiness, but you can see it.
Money is really important in most people's lives. Once people have enough money to support their living, they pay more attention to other meaningful things. In many cases, friends and a close family are more important. Some people also need meaningful and creative work to find happiness.
Studies find that there is a connection between happiness and health. Most of the time, people who are happier have better health. They work better and they are not as stressed as others. Besides, happier people may be able to live longer and enjoy their happiness. Studies also show that those who laugh a lot and those who are in good moods are also happier.
Is there a way of achieving happiness? Some experts say that if people express their thanks, they can become happier. Joining pleasant conversations can also bring more satisfaction and happiness. Not surprisingly, people feel that a good relationship is important in being happy. Happiness is also _ . The results show that if you happen to have a member of your family or a friend near you who is happy, you'll happy, too.
The question is: What can we learn from the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:Happiness influences our health.
B:Money makes us live longer.
C:How to find good jobs.
D:How to work better.Wei Hua had a busy day yesterday. She got up before 7 o'clock in the morning, and quickly washed her hands and face. She got to school early. She had a little rest after lunch, but worked hard in class all day. She played basketball after school, and then she walked home.
Wei Hua's pen was broken, so she needed a new one. On her way home she bought a new pen at a shop. When she reached home, she had a short rest and a glass of water. After that she helped her parents. She quickly cooked the supper, and cleaned the house.
She watched TV for half an hour after supper. Then she started her homework. She finished it at half past nine. She went to bed before a quarter to ten.
The question is: What did she buy on her way home?
The possible answers are:
A:A book.
B:Some food.
C:Some drinks.
D:A penWhen Brody Roybal was a baby, he didn't have legs. But that didn't make him feel sad or stop him from trying sports.
He tried different kinds of sports. When he tried sled hockey  at the age of 7, he loved it.
" That was it," says Roybal. He is now 15 and a student in a high school in Chicago. " It's all I wanted to do."
Roybal joined a sled hockey team. At the age of 12, he started playing in an adult  team. It was much harder for him, but he still worked hard.
Now Roybal is a player of the sled hockey team in his country.
O' Connor, manager of the team, says Roybal is very good. " Everybody dreams of going to the Olympic Games and winning the game," O' Connor says. " That's something that I couldn't do, but Roybal can. He is lucky and he can go to the next Olympics."
It's true that when God closes a door, he opens a window for you.
The question is: What's the problem of Roybal?
The possible answers are:
A:He has no legs.
B:He has no arms.
C:He can't see.
D:He hurt his left leg.Basketball stars become hip-hop singers. It's true. In NBA, hip-hop music is very popular. Many of the players, like Shaquille O'Neal of the Los Angeles Lakers, write rap   words when they travel on planes from one city to another. Some of them even have rap radio shows and others perform   in music video.
When some of the younger stars play basketball, they even try to look like hip-hop singers. "Hip-hop is just part of their culture," says one player. "All of us grew up listening to rap and playing
basketball, and rappers grew up doing the same thing."
Master P. is a famous rap star who wants to become a basketball player. Two NBA teams have invited
him to join them. They enjoy listening to his music. An NBA player has become a rapper. He has made four successful rap albums  .
NBA has a closer connection to hip-hop than any other sports league.
The question is: The NBA tennis invited Master P. to john them just because   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:they like listening to his music
B:his dancing was popular
C:they like his face and hair
D:he grew up playing basketballIf someone says to you, "give me five", do not search your pocket for five yuan! It will make others laugh! The person's not asking for your money, but your fingers.
In the US, "give me five" or "give me the high five" is a popular gesture. You can see it often in films or on TV. It means the slapping( ) of each other's raised right hands together.
People do it when they meet for the first time or something happy happens. For example, a student has good marks in exams or wins a lottery . If a football team wins game, the players will give high fives to everyone around to cerebrate.
This gesture may come from the old Rome gesture of raising the right arm for the emperor  . This showed that the person raising his arm did not have a sword  in his hand.
The question is: If someone   _  , he WON'T show the gesture "give me five".
The possible answers are:
A:passes the exam
B:wins a lottery
C:does well in a match
D:wants to say goodbyeThe story is about a young girl named Yang Liu. She was ill, because she couldn't sleep well. Every night, she felt very tired, but she stayed awake  .
Soon Yang Liu went to see a doctor, "I just can't get to sleep at night. What should I do?""Count   from 1 to 1,000. By the time you reach 1,000, you can be asleep  . I hope you feel better soon," said the doctor.
The next day Yang Liu came back to the doctor's office. She still looked tired. "Well," said the doctor, "how are you feeling today?"
"I tried counting one, two, three... up to one thousand. But when I reached seven hundred and eighty-nine, I began to feel sleepy  . I had to get up and drink some coffee so that I could go on counting up to one thousand. After I finished counting all the numbers I still couldn't fall asleep," she said.
The question is: What did the doctor ask Yang Liu to do?
The possible answers are:
A:To take some medicine.
B:To read some books.
C:To count numbers.
D:To drink some coffee.Help wanted
Can you spend two hours a week doing some gardening? We are in need of help from 2 pm to 4 pm every Saturday. If you word like to help out, please call Elaine at 4435--7792
A Telephone Message
From:Jessica             To:Lucas
Date: May5             Time:15:00
Message: She says that you must put on
Your sports shoes, cap and sunglasses; bring
Somefood and drinks at the school gate at 8 am tomorrow.
Tel: 8467-6352.          Taken by:Jim
Found
Feb13,2016/6/30
An ipad was found in the library on the morning of Feb12. Please call 3345--67898 or come to Class 2, Grade 8 to get it.
Lost
March 7, 2016
Lost near Man Street. Puppy is 6 months old. He is a black schnauzer  .  He is very important to me.
Reward . Please call Allen at 8956--7778.
The question is: Jessica and Lucas will meet at the school gate   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:at 8 am on May 5
B:at 8 am on May 6
C:at 15:00 on May 5
D:at 15:00 on May 6It is said that people born on different dates have different characteristics. For example, people who were born between March 21 and April 20 are likely to be active and strong. They like power and enjoy adventures.
People who were born between April 21 and May 21 are likely to learn more slowly, but they can remember what they learn well. They love children and usually have many friends.
People who were born between May 22 and June 21 are bright and humorous. They like to talk and enjoy wearing fine clothes.
People who were born between June 22 and July 22 think deeply. They would rather hide their feelings than express them.
People who were born between July 23 and August 22 are interested in many subjects and it is interesting to hear them talk.
People who were born between August 23 and September 22 are said to be calm and thoughtful. They like to read and often become successful scientists.
If you have free time, you can read about star signs to see if your characteristics match your birth date.
The question is: People who were born between May 22 and June 21 like to   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:wear fine clothes
B:take care of others
C:travel around the world
D:buy their friends nice giftsMy mother only had one eye. I hated her, as she was such an embarrassment  for me. She ran a small shop at a market, selling anything for the money we needed.
One day, my mom came to my school. I threw her a hateful look and ran out. The next day, my classmates shouted, "Your mom only has one eye! '' and they _ me. My face turned red.
I wished that my mom would just disappear from this world, so I said to her, "Mom, why don't you have the other eye? You make me a laughingstock." She didn't say anything. Maybe it was because my mom hadn' t punished me, so I didn' t think that I had hurt her feelings very badly. I decided to study hard so that I could leave her for the rest of my life. I made it at last. Now I'm living happily as a successful man in another country.
Many years later, I received a letter, which said, "I think my life has been long enough now, but would it be too much to ask if I wanted you to visit me once in a while? I' m sorry that I am an embarrassment for you. You see, when you were very young, you got into an accident, and lost your eye. As a mother, I couldn't stand watching you having to grow up with only one eye, so I gave you mine. I was so proud of my son that was seeing a whole new world for me, in my place, with that eye. I was never angry with you for anything you did. I miss the time when you were still young around me. You mean the world to me. I love you." I can't help crying with the letter in my hand.
The question is: What will I probably do after reading the letter?
The possible answers are:
A:I will continue my happy life as before.
B:I will get my mother and live with her.
C:I will call my mother and tell her not to write to me any more.
D:I will cry and then have a good sleep.Many young people use computers, but few of them know how to look after them. Remember the following when you use your computer.
*Keep your computer in a cool room. Too much or too little heat is bad for computers. Most computers work best at a temperature of 5 oC--30 oC.
*Don't let people smoke cigarette near your computer. Smoke of all kinds is very bad for many parts of a computer and can cause many problems.
*Don't eat or drink when you are near your computer. Pieces of food and a little water in the keyboard can also cause many problems.
*Make sure the screen is the correct distance from your eyes. If you wear glasses, make sure these glasses are correct for using with the computer. Some people use a different pair of glasses when they use a computer.
*Keep your screen clean and don't have it too bright. A dirty screen can hurt your eyes. A very bright screen can also be bad for your eyes.
The question is: When you work on the computer, you can  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:wear glasses
B:smoke cigarette
C:eat some hamburgers
D:clean the keyboard with waterThe world lost one of the most respected leaders. Nelson Mandela, the former   South African president, passed away on Dec. 5, 2013. The whole world felt sorry about the death of Mandela, a great man of history.
Mandela is mostly remembered for his efforts to end apartheid  in South Africa. Mandela was born in 1918. In South Africa, there are both black and white people. But at that time, Black people couldn't live or travel where they wanted. They didn't have the right to vote, either. Mandela didn't think that was right.
He organized many activities against it, but he was sent to prison for 27 years. Under international pressure, the government set Mandela free in 1990. Great changes in the law began to end apartheid. At that time, Mandela chose to forgive his enemies. He shook hands with the people who wanted him dead. He also encouraged black people to forgive the whites.
Because of his forgiveness, Mandela is remembered as a moral model  by the whole world.
In1993,Mandela won the Nobel Peace Prize. A year later, he became the first black president of South Africa.
Both black people and white people voted. Apartheid ended. In 1999, Mandela left office at the highest point of his power.
The question is: Mandela was remembered by the whole world as   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:a president
B:a leader
C:a moral model
D:an officerMum gives little Tom ten yuan. Then little Tom goes shopping. He gets on the bus and sits down next to an old woman. Then he sees the old woman's bag is open. There is ten yuan in it. He quickly looks into his pocket. The money isn't there now! Little Tom is sure that the old woman is a thief . He decides to take back the money from the old woman's bag. So he carefully puts his hand into the old woman's bag,takes the money and says nothing. Suddenly the old woman shouts,"Where is my money? I can't find it. There is a thief in the bus." Little Tom feels strange . Then he sees his own ten yuan under his seat. Little Tom is thinking a question now,"Am I a thief ?"
The question is: Little Tom sees  _  in the old woman's bag.
The possible answers are:
A:a wallet
B:a packet
C:ten yuan
D:ten dollarsU.S. billionaire Bill Gates went to watch a game of his friend, U.S. teen player Ariel Hsing, at the ExCel Centre while the girl was playing against Chinese Li Xiaoxia.
Gates wore an orange jacket and dark blue baseball cap. He sat in the front row of thespectators' stand  andapplauded  for every point Hsing scored.
"I'm wishing her the best of luck, but the opposite player is really great," Gates said.
Hsing was in her third match at London 2012. She had already beaten Mexico's Yadira Silva and Luxembourg's Ni Xia Lian.
Hsing is known in the U.S. as a close friend with billionaires Warren Buffett and Gates. She is close enough to call them "Uncle Warren" and "Uncle Bill".
Buffett met Hsing when she was only 9. Two years later, he invited her to play against his friends. She has returned several times after that. Earlier this year after winning a position on the U.S. team, she took a few points off Buffett and Gates.
When asked whether he has won a point off Hsing, Gates said, "She beat me when she was nine. She has been nice to me."
The question is: Buffett invited Hsing to play against his friends when she was  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:seven
B:nine
C:ten
D:elevenOne day, a little boy comes into a shop and says to the shop worker, "I want to buy twelve exercise books of 6 cents each and nine pencils of 10 cents each. How much is that altogether ?"
The shop worker writes these numbers down on a piece of paper and thinks for a minute. Then she says, "1 dollars 62 cents." "If I give you ten dollars, how much money will I get back?" "You will get 8 dollars 38 cents for _ Here you are. These are the things you want."
"No, thank you. I don't want to buy anything." The boy looks at the piece of paper and says politely, "This is my math homework. Thank you. Can I take it away?"
The question is: The story happens   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:at school
B:at a station
C:in a shop
D:in a supermarketHello, everyone! My name is Bob. I have a good friend. His name is Paul. He is a yellow dog. I like him very much.
Every morning Paul runs with me, and we play in the park every afternoon. Paul is very fat. He likes eating beef hamburgers for breakfast. For dinner, he likes fish. Paul likes red. He has two red hats. Look! They are on my bed.
But Paul is lost now. Please help me. My telephone number is 312-3216. My E-mail address is _ . Thanks.
The question is: Which of the following is NOT true?(?)
The possible answers are:
A:Paul is Bob's friend.
B:Paul has two red hats.
C:Bob's telephone number is 312-3216.
D:Bob likes eating beef hamburgers and fish.Mrs. Brown's old grandfather lived with her and her husband. Every morning he went for a walk in the park and came home at half past twelve for his lunch .
But one morning a police car stopped outside Mrs. Brown's house at twelve o'clock, and two policemen helped Mrs. Brown to get out . One of them said to Mrs. Brown . " The poor old man lost his way in the park and phoned to us for help , so we sent a car to bring him home . " Mrs. Brown was very surprised , but she thanked the policemen and they left .
" But , grandfather , "she then said " you have been to that park nearly every day for twenty years . How did you lose your way there ?"
The old man smiled , closed one eye and said , " I didn't quite lose my way , I just got tired and I didn't want to walk home !"
,.
The question is: It is true that the old man   _
The possible answers are:
A:was too tired to walk home
B:lost his way home
C:lost his way to the park
D:liked to telephone the policemen .In Xinjiang, most people knew the stories of Avanti. Avanti was a very clever man. People liked him because he not only spoke for the poor but also was always ready to help them.
One day Avanti walked on the street and saw two men arguing with each other. A lot of people stood around them. One of the two men was the owner of the eating house in the town and the other was a young man. The young man just passed by the eating house. The owner of the eating house told the young man to pay him money. The young man explained that he hadn't taken anything from the eating house. But the owner said that the young man had taken the smell of the nice food from the eating house, and he must pay for it. So Avanti went up to the owner and said, " I'll pay you the money." Avanti took out some coins  from his pocket and put them into his bags. He shook his bag, and people heard the sound of the coins. Then Avanti said to the owner, " Take away the sound of the coins. That's what I pay for the smell of your food."
The question is: Avanti paid the owner of the eating house   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:enough money
B:some coins
C:a lot of things
D:the sound of coinsThe Sweetest Sight
I was in the most beautiful city in the world, yet I only wanted home.
It was an amazing week for my husband and me--the trip of a lifetime. Months ago, when my husband told me that he would have a meeting in London, I told him my wish to go to Europe together with him. Then we asked his mother to look after our two children and started off.
During the week's time, we visited London and Paris--as much as we could, Big Ben, the Eiffel Tower and so on. All these were beautiful places we expected to see before. We really had a fantastic time.
On our last night in Paris, after we enjoyed the night sight of the Eiffel Tower, my husband called home. His mother answered the phone. In a second, my husband's face fell and looked so worried. I could feel there was something bad.
"What's wrong?" I asked.
He didn't answer and went on to listen. A few minutes later, he said sadly to me that Tony, our seven-year-old son, fell down from his bike and broke his leg. He must be sent to hospital at once.
At that moment, Paris suddenly lost its charm .
"I don't want to be here! I shouldn't be here! I should be home with my kids!"
We hurried back to our hotel and then to the airport...
Finally, we got home. We rushed into our children's bedroom. Seeing our two children, I suddenly understood the truth: There is no sweeter sight in the world than our children's faces that greet us at home.
The question is: What can we learn from the article?
The possible answers are:
A:The sweetest sight in the world is from family members.
B:There are no interesting places in the world.
C:We should stay at home instead of going out.
D:One family should have only one child.Mr. Green works in a high school. He likes reading and often borrows some books from the library. He keeps reading newspapers after supper. So he knows much and teaches well. His students loves him very much. Mike, his little son, is only nine. He also likes reading books. And he often asks his father some questions. Mr. Green always answers difficult ones.
One day Mike read something about phones and he was interested in it. He asked his father a few questions, and his father answered all.  His father said, " Fathers always know much, but sons always know little!" The boy thought for a minute and said," I don't agree with  you."
"Oh? Why?"
Mike didn't answer but asked, "Who invented the phone?"
"Bell." answered Mr. Green.
"Why didn't his father invent them?"
Looking at his son, Mr. Green didn't know how to answer it.
The question is: Who invented the phones?
The possible answers are:
A:Bell
B:Mr. Green
C:Mike.
D:Bell's father.It was a very hot afternoon,and we decided to cool off in the river near my home.As we climbed down a small rocky hill toward the water, my boyfriend John suddenly started to shout,then jumped into the water below. Peter and Mary quickly followed but I was too far away to jump. I was strapped.
I heard a low hum  , which was growing louder .From a distance,the group of bees looked almost like a cloud of smoke.As it got closer,I realized it was actually thousands of bees flying towards me.
All I could do was cover my face with hands.Crazily I thought that if I sat very still(  ),the bees would think I was just another rock.
After a few seconds,I knew my plan hadn't worked.The bees were attacking me. I could hear my friends shouting at me to get down to the pool fast.
But it wasn't easy.I was in great pain and the only way I could get away was to use my hands to climb down to the rocks.However, I was afraid to do that at first because my face would be unprotected.The noise the bees made was so loud and frightening ,but I had no choice.
I rushed down the rocks and jumped into the pool,but I don't remember doing it.I was just so happy to be free from the pain. I was safe,and the water felt wonderful.
But we still weren't out of danger. Every time we tried to climb out of the pool,the bees flew back over our heads.We spent the next three hours in the water, putting our heads under the water from time to time to avoid the bees until they finally lost interest.
The question is: How did the writer escape the bees?
The possible answers are:
A:She covered her face with her hands
B:She hid behind the rocks.
C:She jumped into a water pool.
D:She pretended  to be a rock.The Diaoyu islands have a long history as part of China's territory , belonging to the country since ancient times. They are located  to the northeast of China's Taiwan Island, The total landmass of these islands   is about 5.69 square kilometers.
Since the Japanese government "bought" the Diaoyu Islands, the tension  between China and Japan about the islands has gone up. Several major Shanghai travel agencies have decided to stop organizing tours to Japan and advised Japan-bound   tourists to make other plans, becauese of the Diaoyu Islands issue .
The Shanghai China CYTS Outbound Travel Service Co. Ltd.  stopped the tour to Japan and will gradually stop receiving tourist bookings  to Japan after the National Day holiday, according to Liu Xin, the company's manager.
The Shanghai branch of the China Travel International Ltd.   also said it was advising people who wanted to visit Japan to change their plans.
In fact, tourists had already begun to ask for cancellation  of their tours to Japan because they were worried about their safety.
Last year, more than 100,000 tourists from  Shanghai went to Japan on organized tours. That made Japan the second most popular tour place for travelers from the city, only after Thailand.
The question is: According to the passage, which of the following statements is True?
The possible answers are:
A:China's Taiwan Island is located to the southwest of the Diaoyu Islands.
B:Japan is the most popular tour place for travelers from the city.
C:The Shanghai China CYTS Outbound Travel Service Co. Ltd. said it was advising people who wanted to visit Japan to change their plans.
D:The Shanghai branch of the China Travel International Ltd. stopped the tour to JapanSpring is a good season to fly kites. You can fly your kites in the park, in the field or on the play ground. There are many different kinds of kites. Some look like birds; Some look like planes and some look like butterflies. People often fly kites on a sunny and windy day. And the best month for flying kites is March. How can we fly our kites in the sky. First, we run with our kites _ the wind. Then when the kite can fly in the sky, you can just stay there with your string reel  in your hand. When the kite doesn't fly in the sky, just adjust  the string reel. The string on the reel must be very strong. If you want to fly kites very well, you should practice it more with your friends. Maybe you feel a little difficult at first, but if you fly kites often you will find it very easy and interesting. Flying kites is a very good activity in spring, and a lot of people like it.
The question is: When do people often fly kites?
The possible answers are:
A:On a cold day.
B:On a rainy day.
C:On a cloudy day.
D:On a sunny and windy day.Once upon a time, there was a poor fisherman in a village near the sea .He always dreamed of having a lot of money. One day ,he heard that a big ship with a lot of gold _ in the nearby water.Because of this , for a long time he often went to the sea and hoped to find the gold .
One day, he was sitting on his boat daydreaming, he suddenly  felt something heavy pulling on his fishing rod  .He thought that good luck had come to him , and he pulled hard at it . "Wow! A big, gold chain !" He said happily when he saw the thing He then began to pull at the gold chain to try to get it all into the boat, but there seemed to be no end to it. When he got the more gold chain , the more water came into his boat .
But, the fisherman did not know it .He began to dream of a big house , a big piece of land , buying horses and cows...... He kept pulling in the chain though the boat kept sinking. At last ,the boat went under the sea and the fisherman died
The question is: What can we learn from the story ?
The possible answers are:
A:Everyone should make a wish to get a gold chain
B:Everyone will have good luck in the sea
C:Everyone should have his daydream
D:We shouldn't take too muchA gentleman once advertised for a boy to help him in his office, and nearly fifty persons asked for the place. Out of the whole number he in a short time chose one, and sent all the other boys away.
"I should like to know," said a friend, "on what ground you chose that boy. He didn't even have a recommendation with him.
"You are mistaken,"said the gentleman, "he had a great many: -
"He made his shoes clean when he came in, and closed the door after him; showing that he was orderly .
"He gave his seat to the disabled old man; showing that he was _ 
"He took off his cap when he came in, and answered my questions quickly and respectfully c) ; showing that he was polite.
"He lifted up the book which I had purposely   laid on the floor, and put it on the table, while all the others stepped over it or pushed it aside; showing that he was careful.
"And he waited quietly for his turn, instead of pushing the others aside; showing that he was modest  ( ) .
"When I talked with him, I noticed that his clothes were carefully brushed, his hair in nice order, and his teeth as white as milk. When he wrote his name, I noticed that his fingernails were clean; instead of having some untidy personal habits.
"Don't you call these things letters of recommendation? I do; and the things that I can discover a boy by using my eyes for ten minutes, is worth more than all the fine letters that he can bring."
The question is: How many reasons made the gentleman choose that boy?
The possible answers are:
A:Five.
B:Six
C:Seven.
D:Eight.Last week I did a survey about TV shows at No. 2 Middle School. Some students' answers are interesting.
Li Ming's favorite shows are sports shows. He often watches basketball games on CCTV-5.And he likes Kobe Bryant beastlier Yuan, a 12-year-old girl, says she can't stand sitcoms. But they're her grandmother's favorite.Liu Yuan loves cartoons very much. She watches Pleasant Goat and Big Wolf every day. She thinks cartoons are interesting and relaxing. Sun Jing doesn't mind game shows.Liu Hui likes talk shows. She thinks she can learn more about life from them.
And there is another interesting thing. Most moms like Healthy Living but most dads like the news.
The question is: Who likes sitcoms?
The possible answers are:
A:Liu Ming
B:Liu Yuan
C:Liu Ming's grandmother
D:Liu Yuan's grandmotherWhat will man be like in the future --- in 5,000 or even 50,000 years from now? We can only make guesses, of course, but we can be sure that he will be different from what he is today, because man is slowly changing all the time.
Let us take an example. Man, even five hundred years ago, was shorter than he is today. Now, on average , men are about three inches taller. 500 years is relatively  a short period of time, so we may suppose that man will continue to grow taller.
Again, in the modern world we use our brains a great deal. Even so, we still use only about 20% of the brain's capacity . As time goes on, however, we shall have to use our brains more and more, and finally we shall need our brains more and more, and finally we shall need larger ones! This is likely to bring a physical change too. The head, especially the forehead , will grow larger.
Nowadays our eyes are used too much. In fact, we use them so much that very often they become weaker and we have to wear glasses. But over a long time it is possible that man's eyes will grow stronger.
On the other hand, we make use of our arms and legs less. These, as a result, are likely to grow weaker. At the same time, however, our fingers will grow more sensitive  because they are used a lot in modern life.
But what about hair? This will probably disappear from the body because it does not serve a useful purpose any longer. In the future, then, both men and women are likely to be hairless.
Perhaps all this gives the impression that future man will not be a very attractive  person to look at! This may be true.However, future man will still have a lot in common with us. He will still be a person, with thoughts and feelings similar to our own.
The question is: We can learn from the article that  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:man will become more attractive in the future
B:Some parts of man's body will become weaker because they are less used.
C:People are sure about future man's appearance
D:Future life is challengingVolunteering means that you work to help people without being paid. There are many different volunteers. They help people who really need help. There are many places where you can be volunteers. Here are just a few places for you.
Hospital---ask if you can go and visit people who are really sick. Sometimes what they need is someone to talk to, or someone to give them hope
Orphanage   ---the children living there really need someone to play with them.
Food Shelter ---many food shelters need people to clean up the shelters and help give out food or water to those who need it.
Seniors' Home   ---help the elderly people clean up their homes.
Community   Center ---a lot of community centers are very well run. However, some of them really need extra help, especially cleaning and repairs.
As a student you can also do a lot of things to help others at school. Maybe you could start a support group. Here is some advice:
Help students give up smoking, drinking or other bad habits.
Help students who come from poor families.
Help new students get used to their school life soon.
Provide graduating students with information on future studies.
The question is: Volunteers don't want to get   _   when they help others.
The possible answers are:
A:everything
B:money
C:some presents
D:a jobOne of the things to be learnt in a foreign language is guessing all the time what kind of thing to come when listening to someone talking. People do this all the time in their own language, so it is necessary to do this in a foreign language, too. Here are some examples.
1." What's the matter?" "I went to a party last night, so I..."
2."I feel so tired these days." "I think you'd better..."
3."Of course, she never stops talking. She is one of the most..."
You can see from the above three examples that the context helps a lot in understanding what is being talked about. So "guessing" is very important in understanding English, especially spoken English.
The question is: Maybe the finished answer in EXAMPLE 2 is   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:"I think you'd better have a good rest and take good care of yourself."
B:"I think you'd better have something to drink."
C:"I think you'd better get some help from your friends."
D:"I think you'd better to be more careful."Have you seen Avatar(<<>> )? It's a popular 3D movie, and you may have to wear 3D glasses to see it. The 3D glasses make the images from the movie look as if they were coming straight towards you.
More and more 3D movies are coming to theaters. Some say that 3D TV sets will come into our homes in the near future. 3D technology can make TV and movies are more exciting. However, people with eye problems may get headaches if they spend too much time watching 3D movies. Why?
When we look at an object , each eye sees it at a different angle . Our eyes send the two images to our brain , and the brain puts them together. 3D technology uses two film projectors . One projects a left-eye-image and the other projects a right-eye-image. 3D glasses allow us to see a different image in each eye. So, when we are watching a 3D movie, our brain can't put together the images sent to our eyes. The brain needs to work harder at "reading" the images. That makes it easier for people with eye problems to get dizzy  or have headaches. A famous eye doctor said if your eyes can't focus  on the same object at once, you will have trouble watching 3D movies.
.
The question is: People will have   _   in their homes in the near future.
The possible answers are:
A:3D computers
B:3D phones
C:3D movies
D:3D TV setsA large number of people in the world eat fast food .Whenever you go into a fast food restaurant , you can see lots of people enjoying their meals there. How do you know in which country people like fast food best ?
The English people are the world's biggest fans of fast food , while the French are the least interested in quick meals , according to a survey  done last year.
The survey of thirteen countries shows that 45% of the English people say they can't give up fast food because it's delicious. And 44% of Americans and 37% of Canadians say the same.
The French , proud of their delicious and high-class cuisine , don't like fast food. 81%
of them think it is unhealthy , followed by 75% of the Japanese .
How about the Chinese ? How often do you have the hamburgers or fried chicken?
It doesn't matter whether you like Western fast food or Chinese food . The most important thing is to have good eating habits to keep healthy .
The question is: The word " cuisine " in the passage means   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:food
B:house
C:water
D:countryJerry Baldwin was 63 years old. He was manager of a pizza restaurant in America. He lived in an apartment about one mile north of the restaurant. He walked to and from the work. When it was rainy, he took the bus.
Jerry loved gangster  movies. When a new one came out, he would go to the theatre and watch the new movie three or four times. Jerry would also buy videos at Barney's Video Store. Jerry had a home collection of over 1,000 gangster videos. Old ones, new ones, color, black and white, English, Spanish, Japanese - he loved them all. He could tell you the names, the directors, the stars and all the details of the movies. And then he would invite you to his place to watch a gangster film some time. He was a nice man.
Jerry finally decided that he would like to own a gun, just like the gangster. So he saved money for some months. Then he went to a gun store and bought a used revolver  for
$ 300. While there, he also bought a lot of bullets . The following Saturday morning, he went to the gun club for only ten minutes when the accident happened. The gun went off, and the bullet went into Jerry's right knee.
The question is: Why did Jerry want to buy a gun?
The possible answers are:
A:Because he was a gangster.
B:Because he wanted to kill someone.
C:Because he wanted to be a person like a gangster.
D:Because he wanted to protect himself.Keeping better eating habits can help you reduce   disease. _ means choosing the right foods to eat and preparing foods in a healthy way.
 _ 
Do you often change your toothbrush? Maybe you think it is not necessary. A study shows old toothbrushes bring disease. You should often change your toothbrush.
Exercise
Swimming, running, skating, skiing, dancing, walking and some other activities can help you stay healthy. You should exercise at least three times a week and for twenty minutes or more each time. Do it.
Plan out your life
You should have breakfast before you go to school. Have a proper   meal for lunch. A proper diet can also help you stay healthy.
The question is: At least how long should you exercise each time?
The possible answers are:
A:Twenty minutes.
B:Fifteen minutes.
C:Five minutes.
D:Ten minutes.Zhang Feng, a 23-year-old man from Zhengzhou, China, has developed a special kind of kungfu skill. He called it "Shaolin Sunshine Hand". It allows him to get enough energy with his fists   to put out candles up to three meters away.
I used to watch those Chinese kungfu films during the 80s and 90s. I used to love seeing kungfu actors make things far away with their fists, but at that time I knew it was not true. However, after I watched the video, I changed my idea. The video went very popular in China recently. It showed that the young man named Zhang Feng put out 15 candles in a line three meters away with air or energy generated by his flying fists.
You may say it's not true, and you're not the only one. But the young man actually invited two reporters from The Zhengzhou Evening News newspaper into his home to see his act and then film him doing it. The two reporters tried their best, but were only able to put out one of the 15 candles set 10 cm apart, and even blowing air didn't put out all the candles. Zhang Feng, on the other hand, put them all out just by throwing punches. The two reporters were _ and couldn't explain how he did it. They said that Zhang Feng was a great Shaolin master.
The question is: Zhang Feng could put out 15 candles in a line with   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:his fists
B:his mouth
C:a newspaper
D:blowing airWhat do American middle school students like to be in the future? Some students say they want to be doctors or singers. Some want to be bank clerks or office workers. But Kelly Brown, 13, wants to be a *vegetarian chef. It is a new and interesting job. Kelly Brown wants be a chef because she doesn't eat things from animals. Now she has a problem. She can't find any vegetarian chefs on the computer, so she says she will be the first vegetarian chef, and also the best one in the U.S.A..
Kelly Brown has a *website for herself and other people. It is www.theveggiechef.net. She makes cooking *videos. "I don't like to cook with things from animals," she says. "When I want one egg, I just put in water and *arrowroot. It *tastes the same as an egg."
Now her website is very popular and it helps many people a lot. Every day about 3,000 people learn to cook a healthy meal there. To thank her for helping animals, the organization PETA   calls her a "Kind Kid". Do you want to be a vegetarian chef like Kelly Brown?
The question is: Kelly Brown is a 13-year-old student from   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:England
B:Australia
C:Canada
D:the USAWe were standing at the top of a church tower. My father had brought me to this spot in a small town not far from our home in Rome. I wondered why.
"Look down, Elsa," Father said. I gathered all my courage and looked down. I saw the square in the center of the village, And I saw the criss-cross  of streets leading to the square. "See, my dear," Father said gently, "There is more than one way to the square. Life is like that. If you can't get to the place where you want to go by one road. try another."
Now I understood why I was there, Earlier that day I had begged my mother to do something about the awful lunches that were served at school. But she refused because she didn't believe the lunches were as bad as I said.
When I turned to Father for help, he would not interfere . Instead, he brought me to this high tower to give me a lesson. By the time we reached home, I had a plan.
At school the next day, I secretly poured my lunch soup into a bottle and brought it home. Then I asked our cook to serve it to Mother at dinner. _ She swallowed one spoonful and sputtered, "The cook must have gone bad!" Quickly I told what I had done, and Mother stated firmly that she would deal with the matter of lunches at school the next day!
In the following years I often remembered the lesson Father taught me. I began to work as a fashion designer two years ago. I wouldn't stop working until I tried every possible means to my goal. Father's wise words always remind me that there is more than one way to the square,
The question is: The author's father took her to the top of a church tower to  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:enjoy the beautiful scenery of the whole town
B:encourage her to find out another way to solve her problem
C:find out how many ways lead to the square
D:help her forget some unpleasant things earlier that dayIf  you don't like reading books, this is for you.
* Have a few laughs  . Sit down with a book of jokes, a picture book or a funny story- book first.
* Ask around. Ask your friends or your teachers about interesting books.
* Find new interests. After reading, you may find an interest in something new.
* Go to the library. Don't be shy   about asking a librarian   a question like, "Do you have any books about soccer?"
* See the world  . When you want to know or see something, you can open the book about it.
Try to read, you can find there is a lot of fun in books.
The question is: If you want to find something about football in the library, you can  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:look for it everywhere
B:ask your teachers
C:ask your classmates
D:ask the librarianLucy is a nice girl. She is twenty-six. She opens   a clothes store. Its name is Lovely Clothes Store. The store is for girls, not for boys. The store has clothes in many colors. Do you want to have a look at the store?
Clothes               Colors                   Price
T-shirts           blue, green and white      Y=25
Skirts           red, green, yellow and black Y=45 \ Y=65
Sweaters          yellow, blue and red        Y=35 \ Y=55
Trousers           orange, white and green  Y=54 \ Y=84 \ Y=104
,.
The question is: The clothes in Lovely Clothes Shop are for   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:fathers
B:girls
C:stars
D:boysIn September 2013, the China National  Tourism  Administration issued a new set of tourist guideline in order to improve tourists' behavior when they travel abroad.  Although the 64-page  handbook  contains  suggestions for Chinese tourists when traveling at home, the main purpose is to improve the poor reputation of Chinese tourists abroad.
In 2013, more than 83 million Chinese people traveled overseas, up 18 percent from the year 2012, according to  the  China  Tourism  Academy. But  even as they travel farther, the Chinese tourists continue to take bad habits with them.  From damaging ancient Egyptian temples to letting children defecate in the  middle  of airports,   Chinese tourists have earned a bad fame. Chinese Vice-Premier Wang Yang even  stressed  the  need for Chinese tourists to behave better while traveling overseas so as to protect China's image abroad.
Now with the latest "guidebook", Chinese travelers should have no excuse for rude behavior. According to the guidelines, when using the restroom,  Chinese tourists are asked not to forget to flush the toilet after using it.
The guidelines also remind tourists of not fighting with others  when they want to take pictures at tourist attractions. When flying, the guidelines advise  travelers  not to take life vests away from airplanes.
Chinese tourists are also encouraged to be respectful of local customs wherever they travel.  In the United Kingdom, for example, it is not polite to ask people. Where are you going?" or "Have you eaten?", the handbook says.
Nevertheless, with a very short history of traveling overseas, it is not surprising that many Chinese tourists behave badly on their foreign trips. We should give them time to change.
,.
The question is: Which of the following behavior is NOT mentioned in the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:Damaging ancient Egyptian temples.
B:Taking life vests away from airplanes.
C:Fighting with others when taking pictures.
D:Taking photos in areas marked "No photos".It was a cold night. The taxi driver didn't take even one passenger all day. When he went by the railwaystation, he saw a young man coming out with two bags in his hands. So he drove to him and asked, " whereare you going ,sir?
"To the Red Hotel," the young man answered. When the taxi driver heard this, he didn't feel happy anymore. The young man would give him only three dollars because the hotel was near the railway station. Butsuddenly, he had an idea. He took the young man through many streets of the big city.
After a long time, they arrived at the hotel. "Here we are! You should pay me fifteen dollars, please."the taxi driver said to the young man. "What? Fifteen dollars! Do you think I'm a fool? Only last week, Itook a taxi from the railway station to this hotel and I only gave the driver thirteen dollars. I know how muchI have to pay for the trip."
The question is: When the driver saw the young man coming out of the railway station, he was   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:happy
B:annoyed
C:disappointed
D:sadThe _ is the tallest modern land animal. It can be over 5. 5 meters tall. Its neck alone may be 1. 9 meters long. Yet the giraffe has only seven bones in its neck, the same number as in the humans'. Even a small bird has many more bones in its neck than a tall giraffe. Each bone in a giraffe's neck is very long, while the bones in a human's neck are short. That makes the difference. A female giraffe gives birth to one baby at a time. The baby, called a calf, is about 1. 9 meters tall at birth. By the age of eight it is full-grown. The giraffe eats mostly leaves. Because it has a long neck, it can reach the high leaves on the trees.
,.
The question is: When a giraffe is born, it is about   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:5. 5 meters long
B:5. 5 meters tall
C:1. 9 meters long
D:1. 9 meters tallIf someone says to you, "give me five", do not search your pocket for five yuan! It will make others laugh! The person's not asking for your money, but your fingers.
In the US, "give me five" or "give me the high five" is a popular gesture. You can see it often in films or on TV. It means the slapping( ) of each other's raised right hands together.
People do it when they meet for the first time or something happy happens. For example, a student has good marks in exams or wins a lottery . If a football team wins game, the players will give high fives to everyone around to cerebrate.
This gesture may come from the old Rome gesture of raising the right arm for the emperor  . This showed that the person raising his arm did not have a sword  in his hand.
The question is: The gesture started in   _   according to the story
The possible answers are:
A:Rome
B:America
C:China
D:BritainMany children act in TV shows. They work several hours every day, so they can not go to regular school. How do they get an education?
In Hollywood, many TV shows are made. About forty teachers give lessons to the children in the shows. They teach wherever their pupils are working. The teachers' job is very important. They are responsible  for making sure that the children work only the permitted  hours each week. They are also responsible for making sure that children learn the required subjects. They make sure, too, that the children get enough rest and play, along with their education.
Children actors are required to attend classes twenty hours each week. California law says they must be taught from September to June. If they do not make much progress in school, they are not permitted to continue working in TV shows. TV children are usually good pupils, and most of their teachers like this special kind of work. Their classes are held in some wonderful places. Sometimes the "classroom" is a Mississippi riverboat, and sometimes it is the inside of a spaceship. Often the pupils become famous TV or movie stars.
.
The question is: The pupils are not allowed to continue working if they   _   .
The possible answers are:
A:do not act well
B:go to regular school
C:do not get good marks
D:cannot become famous starsWhat is the hottest English word these years? "Selfie" may be one of them. It was even named Word of the Year by Oxford Dictionaries in 2013. The word was first used in an Australian online forum in 2002. Now, almost everybody knows it.
Selfie is a photo that one takes of oneself. People usually take selfies with a smart phone and send them to a social media website. Nowadays, more and more people are taking selfies. From your best friend to your favorite pop star, selfies are taking over Renren and Sina Weibo.
What makes people love selfies? Selfies can help to remember what's going on in their personal life. "Almost every day, I take a photo of myself at school, and save it in my Qzone. These photos record my happy and sad moments." said Huang Xu, 16, from Hunan. Another usual reason for taking a selfie is to share online. They hope to make friends and share their feelings with others. "During summer vacation, my classmates and I shared many selfies online. Through these photos, we got to know each other's holidays and feelings," said Wang Lin, 15, from Henan. "I'm too shy to ask someone to take pictures of me, but it's easier to do it by myself."
Although taking selfies is popular among young people around the world, they should be careful at the places where they take selfies. People are warned not to take light-hearted selfies in serious places, such as in some traffic accidents. In order to protect art works, selfie is _ in some museums and galleries, too.
The question is: We probably see the passage in a (an)  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:science book
B:magazine for teenager
C:instruction book
D:English dictionaryTo me, music is food and water. I can't live without it. I know this is not true for everybody. Many people don't listen to music and they can get along quite well. But music is everywhere in our life. For example, when you watch films or TV plays, do you find them interesting if there is no music? You would find them _ . And when you are waiting for the train or the plane, you would like music because it makes the time seem shorter.
It is true that music is everywhere in our life. Some people like to sit by the sea and listen to the sound of the sea. Some enjoy listening to the singing of birds. Those sounds are some kinds of music.  So music has meaning for everyone in some way or other. Of course, it has special meaning for people like me. We spend our lives playing or writing music.
Someone said, "Through music, a child goes into a world of beauty, learns to take care of others and makes his mind and body strong." Music is an important part of our lives.
The question is: Music is important to   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:some people
B:everyone
C:nobody
D:writers onlyHi!My name is Maria. Now I am in China. My life is busy but very happy. I like reading, so I often go to the library when I have no classes. Who is my favorite teacher? She is Ms. Green. She often helps me with my writing. I work hard at every subject, but my favorite subject is P.E., because I like playing tennis. In the evening, I am busy doing my homework. I often do my homework for two hours. After that, I play the piano for an hour. Sometimes I take a walk with Dad. On weekends I usually help old people with my friends. What about your life?  Share  it with us, please.
The question is: What's Maria's favorite subject?
The possible answers are:
A:Tennis
B:Music
C:P.E.
D:Piano"Where there is a will, there is a way." Perhaps not many students can understand this better than 22-year-old Michael Ha. Because of his story of success, he has become an example of young people.
Michael Ha was born in a very poor family. His parents worked in Vietnam before they moved to Britain in 1980. They couldn't find work in Britain because they spoke little English. The whole family had to live on benefits  and they lived in a small house in Hackney, a poor area in East London. Growing up is not easy for Michael, but he never gave up.
At the age of ten, he set his heart on going to Cambridge University. It was not easy, either. Michael studied at a school, which used to be called "the worst school in Britain". However, young Michael made his mind to try his best, no matter what kind of school he was studying at. The smart boy studied very hard and did well in every subject at school. Once he made a bet with his friend to learn further math. As a result, after just spending four months teaching himself from a textbook, he got an A in AS-level further math.
Now Michael is the star medical student in John's College, Cambridge and has just won an award for his excellent grades. He hopes he will be an inspiration for other young people from disadvantaged backgrounds.
The question is: which of the following is TURE?
The possible answers are:
A:Michael's parents couldn't find work in Britain because they had little work experience.
B:Michael had a dream of studying at Cambridge university when he was eleven years old.
C:in order to get an A in AS-level further math, Michael spent four months teaching himself.
D:Michael has won two awards for his excellent grades.We can see waste everywhere in the school. Some students ask for more food than they can eat and others often forget to turn off the lights when they leave the classroom. They say they can afford these things. But I don't agree with them.
Waste can bring a lot of problems. Although China is rich in some resources , we are short of others, for example, fresh water. It is reported that we will have no coal  or oil to use in 100 years. So if we go on wasting our resources, what can we use in the future and where can we move? Think about it. I think we should say no to the students who waste things every day. Everybody should stop wasting as soon as possible.
In our everyday life, we can do many things to prevent waste from happening, for example, turn off the water taps when we finish washing, turn off the lights when we leave the classroom, try not to order more food than we need and so on. Little by little, we will change everything. We can stop waste one day, if we do our best.
The question is: From the passage we know that some students often   _   in the school.
The possible answers are:
A:eat too much
B:don't work hard
C:waste things
D:throw rubbish everywhereThe Morning After Robot
From today's newspaper, I know that in 2014 you might get a Morning After Robot. It will clean your house after a party. The Robot can take picture of your room before the party. After the party, the robot will go around the room, and it will pick up bottles and trash. After that it will compare the room with the picture and put things back according to its original shape. Such robots are being studied in a lab at Stanford University. That sounds pretty cool! If we can see the robot and have enough money, we must buy them.
Robot Roomba
Mothers' Day is coming. You can give Robot Roomba as a gift to your mother. The Roomba is a great gift for two reasons. On the one hand, it's really cool as a useful robot. It can actually clean your floor. Maybe not as fast or well as a person does, but it is a lot more fun cleaning the floor by the Roomba than cleaning the floor yourself. On the other hand, it shows the family life is very modern.
The question is: How does the writer know about the Morning After Robot?
The possible answers are:
A:From the Internet
B:From the newspaper
C:From the magazine
D:By listening to othersOne morning, a blind boy sat beside a building with a hat by his feet.He held a sign which said, "I am blind.Please help me."
There were only a few coins in the hat.A man was walking by.He took out a few coins from his pocket and dropped them into the hat.He then took the sign, turned it around, and wrote some words on it.He put the sign back so that everyone who walked by could the new words.
Soon the hat began to fill up.A lot more people were giving money to the blind boy.That afternoon the man who had changed the sign came to see how things were.The boy recognized his footsteps and asked, "Are you the one who changed my sign in the morning? What did you write?"
The man said, "I only wrote the truth.I said what you said, but in a different way."
What he had written was, "Today is a beautiful day, but I can' t see it."
Do you think the first sign and the second sign were saying the same thing?
Of course both signs told people the boy was blind.But the first sign simply told people to help by putting some money in the hat.The second sign told people that they were able to enjoy the beautiful day, but the boy could not enjoy it because he was blind.
The first sign simply said the boy was blind, while the second sig told people they were so lucky that they were not blind.
There are at least two lessons we can learn from this simple story.
The first is:Treasure   what you have.Someone else has less.Try your best to help those who need your help.
The second is:Be creative.Think differently.There is always a better way.
The question is: On the sign what the man wrote was, "   _   ".
The possible answers are:
A:Treasure what we have already had
B:Today is a beautiful day, but I can't see it
C:We are so lucky that we are not blind
D:Try your best to help those who reed your help.Mary was waiting for the airplane to take off. She was happy to get a seat by herself. Just then, an air hostess came up to her and asked. "Would you mind changing your seat? A man would like to sit with his wife." The only available  seat was next to a girl with her arms broken, a black-and-blue face, and a sad expression . "I don't want to sit there," Mary thought at once. But then a soft voice inside spoke, "She needs help." Finally, Mary moved to that seat.
The girl was named Emily. She had been in a car accident and now was on her way for treatment.
When the snacks and juice arrived, Mary realized that Emily could not feed herself. Mary thought about offering to feed her but she hesitated , as it seemed too impolite to offer such a help to a stranger. But then Mary realized that Emily's need was more important. Mary offered to help her eat. Although Emily was uncomfortable to accept, _ . They became closer and closer in a short time. By the end of the five-hour trip, Mary's heart had warmed, and the time was really better spent than if she had just sat by herself.
Mary was very glad that she sat next to Emily and fed her. Love sometimes goes beyond  human boundaries and removes the fears that keep people away. When we reach our hands to help another, we get to live in a larger and more pleasant world.
The question is: Which of the following is Not True?
The possible answers are:
A:Mary took the trip to receive her treatment.
B:The trip lasted for five hours.
C:Mary sat alone on the plane at first.
D:Snacks and juice are offered on the planeA new supermarket put on a notice inside the entrance. It said, "Remember, once a week, one of our customers  gets free goods(things that cost nothing). This may be your lucky day!" All the housewives who went to the supermarket had one great hope: to be the lucky customer who didn't have to pay for her shopping.
For several weeks Mrs. Blake hoped to be the lucky customer. Unlike many other customers, she never gave up hope. The cupboards in her kitchen were full of things she did not need. She dreamed of the day, when the manager of the supermarket would come and say to her, "Madam, this is your lucky day and everything in your basket is free."
One Friday morning, after she finished her shopping and had taken all the things to her car, she found that she had forgotten to buy tea. She went to the supermarket, got the tea and went towards the check-out. As she did so, she saw the manager of the supermarket come to her. "Madam," he said, "congratulations! You are our lucky customer and everything in your basket is free!"
The question is: Why did Mrs Blake go back to the market after her shopping?
The possible answers are:
A:Because she wanted to see who would be the lucky customer.
B:Because she forgot to buy one more thing.
C:Because she had to pay for her shopping.
D:Because she wanted to get another chance to be the lucky customer.If  you don't like reading books, this is for you.
* Have a few laughs  . Sit down with a book of jokes, a picture book or a funny story- book first.
* Ask around. Ask your friends or your teachers about interesting books.
* Find new interests. After reading, you may find an interest in something new.
* Go to the library. Don't be shy   about asking a librarian   a question like, "Do you have any books about soccer?"
* See the world  . When you want to know or see something, you can open the book about it.
Try to read, you can find there is a lot of fun in books.
The question is: This passage is about  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:how to read
B:what to read
C:when to read
D:how to like readingThe days are getting shorter and shorter, and temperatures are dropping. Winter is coming and it is easy for people to catch flu. Many people have started taking vitamin C pills as a precautionary way. But a research has shown that vitamin C pills do not provide as much protection as they think. They are even not as good as other ways, like often washing your hands. Some German scientists have given people information and a test on the subject helping to stop incorrect ways.
Whether it is caused by cold or flu , a runny nose and sore throat are signs of catching a cold. Many people overestimate  the advantages of vitamin C and other pills. For years it was believed that taking vitamin C pills not only provided protection against colds but also against cancers, helping people to live longer. But the result of the research showed disagreement on these beliefs . The result has now come out on the website wwww.informedhealthonline.org. "Some pills may not help people live longer. Some pills may even lead to earlier death," says Professor Peter Sawicki. Scientists also say that the best way to get vitamins is through food instead of having vitamin pills. That is to say, we disagree with the way of taking vitamin C pills.
There are many simple but useful ways to lower the risk of catching a cold. These include often washing your hands with normal soap  and water and not touching your face with your hands. People who have already had a cold can stop it from spreading by throwing away tissues  at once after using them and not shaking hands with other people.
The question is: The best way to get vitamins is   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:eating food which contains Vitamins
B:taking vitamin pills
C:drinking water which contains vitamins
D:eating as much pork as possibleA city in South Korea has added a new attraction to its cultural landscape --the world's first "Toilet Theme Park". The Restroom Cultural Park in the city of Suwon is proving a huge hit with locals and tourists alike.
The park was built to memorize the former city mayor Sim Jae-duck, known as "Mr. Toilet". He believed the toilet is a very important place and full of culture. Visitors to the park can enjoy its toilet- bowl- shaped exhibition hall as well as lots of bronze statues  in all kinds of toilet positions. They can even sit on Mr. Kim's original toilet, which includes a full-length glass door that mists  up when it is being used.
Suwon has become well known because of the promotion  of toilet culture. The city attracts toilet- related artwork from around the world to its galleries. It famously hosts the Golden Poop Art Festival- a celebration of one of the calls of nature. The city also lists lots of its own public toilets as tourist attractions on its website. Sim Jae-duck's toilet-shaped house, now a museum, should be the must-see for _ . It's said that Mr. Sim was born in the loo of his mother's house, so he loved toilets very much. He said in 2007, "The toilet can save humankind from diseases and is a place for introspection . The toilet is also a central living place that has culture."
The question is: What happens to Sim Jae-duck's toilet when someone uses it?
The possible answers are:
A:The toilet slowly moves around.
B:"The Toilet Song " starts playing.
C:The water comes out.
D:Its glass door fogs up.Once there was an old farmer. He had a horse and the horse was almost as old as himself. One morning he set out with his young son to sell the horse before it died. The father and the son walked because the farmer did not want the horse to be too tired . They met two men on the road. They said, "Why are you walking, farmer? You have a horse. It's a long way to get to the market. "The farmer knew that this was true, so he rode on the horse while his son walked. Then they met two old ladies. "What are you doing up there, farmer? Can't you see how tired your son is? "So the farmer got down, and let his son ride on it. Twenty minutes later, three old men stopped them. One said, "Why are you walking, farmer? Get up; it's too hot for an old man like you to walk today. "So the farmer got up behind his son and they went on riding. Some time later, a young woman passed them. "Why aren't you walking?"She asked, "It isn't far to the market. Give your poor old horse a rest. " So the farmer and his son got down once again. It is a fact that you cannot please all the people all the time.
The question is: The two men on the road   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:asked how far it was to the market
B:said they thought the horse looked very tired
C:asked why the farmer was not riding on his horse
D:told the farmer's son to get off the horse and walkNick is a knight . But he doesn't like to ride and he doesn't like to fight. Nick likes to read and write, and he likes to knit .
One night, there was a knock at the door. "I need you to fight a dragon !" cried King Kareen.
"But I'm the wrong kind of knight!" said Nick. "I don't like to fight."
"Never mind! Hurry up!" cried the King.
"The dragon is in my bed!" said the King. Nick's knees were knocking. He lifted the blanket  and saw a little dragon. "I'm freezing." The dragon said.
Nick quickly started knitting. He knitted a coat, some long socks and some pants for the dragon. The dragon was glad. "Thank you!" he said and off he went.
"I think you're the right kind of knight!" said the king.
The question is: What does Nick do?
The possible answers are:
A:A king
B:A knight
C:A knitter
D:A writerThere are 45 students in our class. I have made a survey, 36 students say they like to exercise. Most boys play basketball together twice a week. But girls think basketball is difficult for them, they'd like to play volleyball together twice a week. My friend, Tony, is good at running. He runs fastest in our class. He runs for 30 minutes on the playground every evening before he goes to bed. Is it interesting? Gray is good at swimming. He goes to the swimming club three times a month in winter, and three times a week in summer. So he is pretty healthy. Some of my classmates have good eating habits. They eat both meat and vegetables. 70% of them drink milk every day. 15 students say they drink milk three or four times a week. But some students like to eat junk food, especially Sally. What's worse is that she doesn't like to exercise, so she is very fat. She always says " I'm going to lose weight  tomorrow."
The question is: How often do most boys play basketball?
The possible answers are:
A:Everyday
B:Twiceaday
C:Twiceaweek.
D:Twiceamonth.Hi, boys and girls! A new  Mama store is in No. 1 Middle School now. Come and see at our great sale! We have bread for 3 yuan. Xiangpiaopiao milk tea is on sale for 2 yuan. Vegetable hamburgers are only 3 yuan. Do you need notebooks? They are only 6 yuan for three. We also have pens in all colors, only 1 yuan each . Some students want to buy socks. We have black socks for only 10 yuan for 3 pairs. For girls, we have socks in pink and purple, they are very nice. Come and buy your things at our great sale.
The question is: Mary wants to buy a notebook and a pen, she pays    _  .
The possible answers are:
A:6 yuan.
B:2 yuan.
C:3 yuan.
D:4 yuan.Nick is a student. He has four friends. They are Ben, Eric, Peter and Andy. But they are all very different. Nick is confident and kind. He is also a good listener. All of his friends like to talk to him about their problems. This is his best quality. Ben is the quietest friend of them. He is not energetic and active like Eric, or outgoing like Peter. But he is so patient and fair. When they have an argument, Ben is always there to listen to everyone and make sure that everybody stays friends. Andy is very clever and hard-working. He does the best in exams at school. It is really kind of Andy to help Peter with his homework when he is having trouble. They get along well with each other like brothers.
The question is: What is it kind of Andy to do ?
The possible answers are:
A:To help Peter with his homework.
B:To do well in exams
C:To help Nick with his homework.
D:To be hard-working and clever.Who wants to carry a _ bag to school? No children. Nobody wants one shoulder to be lower than the other, and paining  too. In India, most of us would look at the reduction  of textbooks as a way out. But in a country like America, there are always more choices. A company called Goreader has created a "school bag" which is the size of a laptop computer, weighing about 2.5kg. The Goreader has a colour screen and can "hold" all the textbooks that a student may need, says a report in "The Asian Age" newspaper.
The company plans to work closely with the publishers of test books so that these books can be supplied on the Internet. All the students will have to download their textbooks. Making notes and marking important parts of a lesson can be done just as lots of students have done on their textbooks before.
At present, the plan is being tested out in a university. Richard Katzmann, the owner of the company is having his creation tested at Chicago's DePaul University, where he studied. Does that mean it is goodbye to the newspaper, and the smell of the black ink?
The question is: What would Indians do to solve this problem?
The possible answers are:
A:They would reduce the textbooks.
B:They would tell the parents to help students.
C:They would tell the teachers to help students.
D:They would take students to school by bus.A pretty, well-dressed young lady stopped a taxi in a big square, and said to the driver, "Can you see that young man at the other side of the square?"
"Yes," said the taxi-driver. The young man was standing outside a restaurant and looking impatiently at his watch every few seconds.
"Take me over there." said the young lady.
There were a lot of cars and buses and trucks in the square, so the taxi- driver asked, "Are you afraid to cross the street."
'Oh, no !" said the young lady. "But I said that I would meet that young man for dinner at one o'c1ock, and it is now a quarter to two. If I arrive in a taxi, it will at least seem as if I have tried not to be too late."
The question is: Has she tried not to be too late ?
The possible answers are:
A:Yes, she took a taxi there.
B:Yes, she had tried her best though she couldn't succeed.
C:No, she thought being late was better than being earlier.
D:No, she was just going to pretend  that she had tried.What will man be like in the future --- in 5,000 or even 50,000 years from now? We can only make guesses, of course, but we can be sure that he will be different from what he is today, because man is slowly changing all the time.
Let us take an example. Man, even five hundred years ago, was shorter than he is today. Now, on average , men are about three inches taller. 500 years is relatively  a short period of time, so we may suppose that man will continue to grow taller.
Again, in the modern world we use our brains a great deal. Even so, we still use only about 20% of the brain's capacity . As time goes on, however, we shall have to use our brains more and more, and finally we shall need our brains more and more, and finally we shall need larger ones! This is likely to bring a physical change too. The head, especially the forehead , will grow larger.
Nowadays our eyes are used too much. In fact, we use them so much that very often they become weaker and we have to wear glasses. But over a long time it is possible that man's eyes will grow stronger.
On the other hand, we make use of our arms and legs less. These, as a result, are likely to grow weaker. At the same time, however, our fingers will grow more sensitive  because they are used a lot in modern life.
But what about hair? This will probably disappear from the body because it does not serve a useful purpose any longer. In the future, then, both men and women are likely to be hairless.
Perhaps all this gives the impression that future man will not be a very attractive  person to look at! This may be true.However, future man will still have a lot in common with us. He will still be a person, with thoughts and feelings similar to our own.
The question is: How much brain's capacity of a person hasn't been used now?
The possible answers are:
A:About 20%
B:About 80%
C:About3%
D:About 50%One day, my mother said, "Let's buy you some new clothes." I was very happy and surprised because my family didn't have much money at that time. I bought three dresses, a pink one, a blue one and, best of all, a yellow and blue one. I loved that yellow and blue dress.
I showed my three new beautiful dresses to my best friend Emily. She loved them all and was happy for me. But she also felt sad and said her father could only buy her new clothes for her birthday. So I asked her to pick one. Then she picked the best one--the yellow and blue dress! You should know that I was only 7 years old and it was my turn to feel sad. She wore it and I saw her smiling, so happy and beautiful. I could feel her joy! So, I told her it looked great on her. That day, I did my best to explain this to my mother. She smiled and said, "I understand. You're always my good little girl!"
I shared my dress with my friend, and she shared her joy with me. That's friendship. And we are still best friends today!
The question is: Which dress did the writer give her friend finally?
The possible answers are:
A:The pink one.
B:The blue one.
C:The yellow one.
D:The yellow and blue one.It was the last day of final exams in a university. On the steps of one building, a group of engineering students were discussing the exam. On their faces was confidence . This was their last exam and then they would graduate. With all these four years of college behind them, they felt ready to go into the world.
The professor had said they could bring any book or note they wanted, but they could not talk to each other. They went into the classroom happily. The professor gave them the papers. They smiled when they found that there were only five questions.
Three hours passed and the professor began to collect the papers. The students no longer looked so confident . The professor faced the class. No one spoke. They just held papers in their hands.
The professor then asked, "How many of you finished all five questions?"
Not a hand was raised.
"How many answered four?"
Still no hand.
"Three? Two?"
The students looked worried in their seats.
"One, then?" Certainly somebody finished one.
However, nobody replied. The professor put down the papers. "That is just what I thought," he said. "I just want to tell you that, even though you have finished four years of engineering, there are still many things about the subject you don't know. These questions you could not answer are quite common in everyday practice." Then he added with a smile, "You will all pass this course, but remember----even though you are now college graduates, your education has just begun."
The question is: Which is the best title for the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:Confident Students
B:A Common professor
C:An Easy Exam
D:So Much to LearnPeter is eight years old, and he goes to a school near his house. He always goes there and comes home on foot. He usually gets back on time, but last Friday he came home from school late. His mother saw him and said to him, "Why are you late today, Peter?" "My teacher was angry and told me to see the headmaster after class," Peter answered. "To see the headmaster?" his mother asked. "Why did she tell you to see him?" "Because she asked a question in class," Peter said, "And nobody could answer it except me." His mother became angry. "But why did your teacher tell you to see the headmaster then?" she asked. "Because her question was 'Who put the glue   on my chair?'" Peter said.
The question is: What question did his teacher ask?
The possible answers are:
A:Who wanted to go home early?
B:Who put the glue on my chair?
C:Who was late this morning?
D:Who saw my book?Pure Brightness Festival, also known as Tomb-sweeping Day in China, falls on the 4thor 5thof April each year. It was started in the Han Dynasty. On this day, whole families, young and old, with flowers visit the graves of their ancestors to pay their respects. Following the custom, tomb sweepers clean and tidy the graves, decorate them with flowers. They burn paper money made for the dead, set off firecrackers and bow before their ancestors' tombstones. On this day, they don't cook. Only cold food is served.
However, tomb sweeping is not the only activity during Pure Brightness Festival. This day is also a time for people to enjoy themselves. Other activities include spring outing, flying kites, planting trees, tasting tea and so on. In April, everything in nature takes on a new look. Trees turn green, flowers come out and the sun shines brightly. So it is a good time to be out to appreciate the beauty of nature. People fly kites not only in the daytime but at night. In the dark, some people fly kites with lanterns, which are called "God's lanterns". They plant trees because young trees which are planted during this period are easy to grow up. And they enjoy tea because the tea produced around the festival is said to have good quality.
The question is: From the passage we can learn that Pure Brightness Festival in 2014 will be on   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:April 4
B:April 5
C:either April 4 or April 5
D:neither April 4 nor April 5One day a big cat was going into a forest to find something to eat. On his way he met his friend, the old owl .  The owl greeted him, "Good morning, my dear friend. Where are you going?"  "I'm going to the forest to look for some birds to eat." The cat answered. "But be careful not to catch any of my children." The owl said to the cat. "OK," the cat said. "But what do your children look like?" "Oh," the owl said, "they are the most beautiful birds in the forest."
"All right, I know that." The cat said and walked on to the forest.
The cat entered the forest and saw many beautiful birds here and there. He remembered what the owl had told him and went away. Then after a long time, he saw some ugly birds in a nest. He sat down and ate them one by one. When the owl came back to her nest, she found it was empty.
The question is: The cat went to the forest  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:to meet his friend
B:because he was hungry
C:to see the tree
D:to visit the owlNews
Place: playground 
Time: 5:00pm this Thursday
Program : a friendly soccer game between Class 3 and Class 4
Lost
Hello, everyone! Do you see a cat in the park? Its name is Molly. It is a black cat. If you see Molly, please call Mary at 820-9291.
Wanted
Do you play the guitar well? We need a guitar teacher to teach kids between the ages of seven and ten. The work time is from Tuesday to Saturday, 300 yuan for each day. Welcome to join us.
The question is: Where may you see the first poster ?
The possible answers are:
A:In a school.
B:In a bank.
C:In a restaurant.
D:In a hospitalDanny was just tired about the way things were going. His mum came to school and talked on and on about Rick Jackson. It seemed that she would never stop talking. "Somebody's got to stop that boy!" she was shouting. "Rick's troubling everybody in the neighborhood. And he loves to pick on little boys like Danny."
Mrs. Green, Danny's teacher, was concerned a lot. "I didn't know that Danny was being picked on," she said. "He's never said anything about this to me!" Mrs. Green looked at Danny. "How long had this been going on?" she asked. Danny could only shake his head and look at the floor. He knew if he said a word about this, he would have trouble at school.
Danny hadn't said anything about the problem because he wanted to do things with the boys in the neighborhood. After all, most of them were nice to him. He hated to leave the _ just because of Rick. Maybe the time had come to find new friends. He felt it hard to make up his mind.
The question is: The word "gang" in the reading means "  _  ".
The possible answers are:
A:a place for boys to play games
B:a group of young people
C:a school bus for children to and from school
D:the teacher's officeIf you don't often wash your hands, you can touch lots of viruses from many places and make yourself ill. You may have a cold when you touch your eyes, nose or mouth. One of the most common  ways people have colds is by touching their noses or their eyes when there are cold viruses on their hands. If you don't often wash your hands, especially when you're sick, you may make other people ill. So you should follow the advice and wash your hands:
* After using the bathroom.
* After touching your nose or coughing.
* Before eating, serving or preparing food.
* After touching pets or other animals.
* After visiting the sick people.
* When your hands are dirty.
There's a right way to wash your hands. Follow these advice and you can keep your hands clean.
* Use warm water (not cold or hot).
* Wash for 15 seconds .
* Wash well under warm running water.
The question is: If there are cold viruses on your hands, don't touch your   _  .It's easy to have a cold.
The possible answers are:
A:eyes and nose
B:hair
C:clothes
D:booksConor Grennan was unwilling to be a volunteer . The 29-year-old American was not sure if he had the skills or a strong feeling for it.
However, he went to work at an orphanage  in Nepal. His first thought was to make people impressed.
"I thought that if I volunteered just once. I could retell the story over and over," Grennan said in a Huffington Post article.
However, his three-month stay it the orphanage turned into in unusual experience. It was 2004 and Grennan had given up his job to begin a year-long around-the-world trip, His first three months were spent in Nepal.
When he arrived in the village, he knew nothing about the children or the local culture. When he opened the gate of the Little Princes Children's Home, he was faced by the excited children.
The young American ended up caring for 18 children. He later discovered that they were trafficked children. So he walked through the mountains with great difficulty to find the kids' families, "I started walking with photos of the kids." he told the Reuters reporter. "I would show up in villages and show photographs around. I went with 24 photos, and I found 24 families."
At the same time, he put his heart into Nepalese culture.
Grennan said, "Volunteering is the single best way to see how the rest of the world lives."
He also encouraged others to do what he had done. He believes that volunteering needs only making decisions to show up.
Grennan's fight against child-trafficking has changed him. His book, Little Prince, came out last week.
The question is: From the passage we can learn that Grennan   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:found the kids' families easily
B:was good at taking pictures
C:wrote the book Little Princes
D:asked others to go to NepalAlicia Keys was born in 1981 and grew up in New York. She had music and dance classes when she was a child and she first appeared on TV in the Cosby Show at the age of four. She started piano lessons when she was seven and learned classical music before she began to write her own songs at the age of 14.
Alicia signed a contract with J Records in 1999. She recorded several songs for films before her first album, Songs in Minor, came out in 2001. This was a fantastic success. It entered the charts at number one, sold 236,000 copies in its first week, and went on to sell over 12 million copies worldwide. Alicia won five big awards, including
 _ ', the album's top single, which was a number one hit for six weeks.
Since then, Alicia has sold over 30 million albums. She has also become an actress and a record producer with her own studio. She plays the piano as well as singing on all her albums and she has written some great songs for other artists. She has performed in TV programmes and she made her first film, Smokin' Aces, in 2007. Her other
films include The Nanny Diaries (2007) and The Secret Life of Bees (2008),'
The question is: When did Alicia start writing songs?
The possible answers are:
A:In 1995
B:In 1999
C:At the Cosby Show
D:At the age of sevenThe weekend is usually a time of rest. But today's Chinese teenagers can't rest during the weekends. According to a survey , 24% of the Junior students in Beijing have classes at the weekend. Over 40% of the Junior 3 students have less than eight hours of sleep each night.
Ji Ping, a Junior student in Guangzhou, has to get up at 6:30 a.m. on Saturday. Then she has a whole day of classes. On Sunday she gets to extra  classes for Maths and English. But she doesn't complain . She says that all her classmates work hard on Sunday.
Liu Yang is from Dalian. As a Junior 2 student, his weekends are less busy. But he always spends Saturday in school. On Sunday, after finishing homework, he plays basketball. He feels happy because he still has time to do the things he likes.
A few students are lucky. Yang Qing, a Junior 3 student from Zibo, Shangdong, is one of them. At weekends, she usually gets up at 8:00. Then she spends some time doing homework. After that she is free to do what she likes. "Don't push  yourself too much. Learning well at school is easy," she said. And she is a top student in her class.
The question is: Which of the following in NOT true?
The possible answers are:
A:24% of the Junior students Beijing have classes at weekends.
B:Ji Ping gets up at 6:30 a.m. on Saturdays.
C:Liu Yang feels sorry about his busy weekend.
D:Yang Qing has enough time for her hobbies at weekends.Colours often have different meanings in different cultures. In the U.S., people have found the following to be true.
Black
Black is the colour of power. It is also popular in fashion because it makes people appear thinner.
White
White is the symbol of purity. White is thought to be a summer colour. However, white shows dirt and is more difficult to keep clean than other colours.
Red
This is the most exciting colour. Red furniture   should look very good since it will attract a lot of attention. Red cars are the thieves' favourite. Red is often used in restaurants because it is an appetite   _ . This means it can make people eat more.
Blue
Blue is the colour of the sky and the ocean. Peaceful blue is often used in bedrooms. Studies show that weightlifters are able to lift heavier weights in blue gyms.
Green
Green represents nature. _ Hospitals often use green because it relaxes patients.
Yellow
Sunny yellow is a cheerful colour, yet people lose their tempers   more often in yellow rooms, and babies cry more.
The question is: Which colour is a summer colour?
The possible answers are:
A:Blue.
B:White.
C:Green.
D:Red.One day a poor student walked in a town. He didn't have anything to eat for several days and he was very hungry. But when he saw a man selling steamed bread ( ), he let out a scream ( ) and fell ( ) to the ground. When the man asked the student what was the matter, the student answered, "I don't like steamed bread. Whenever   Isee them , I feel ill and can't eat ."
The man then wanted to play a joke on the student. He put ten steamed bread in a room and then put the student in it. After a short time, the man opened the door of the room. H e was surprised to find that the student ate all the steamed bread. The student explained, "For some strange reason, I suddenly find that I like steamed bread."
The man was angry that the student had fooled ( ) him. He asked what other things he did not like to eat. "Oh, I like everything," answered the student. "But at the moment I don't like to drink two cups of good strong tea!"
The question is: The student    _  .
The possible answers are:
A:wanted some tea.
B:didn't like tea.
C:didn't want any tea.
D:didn't like to drink tea in cups.One of the most famous scientists to study adaptations  was Charles Darwin . He was born in England in 1809. He wasn't the best student in his school, but when he was 16, his father sent him to a medical school. Charles liked spending time outdoors observing  nature more than having medical classes. He dropped out without graduating.
Next, Charles' father sent him to school to become a minister . This time he made it to graduation, but he didn't want to do the work of a minister. His friends encouraged him to follow his interest in science.
Luckily, Charles was invited to sail on the Beagle as an unpaid scientist after graduation. The Beagle was to travel to South America and then around the world. Their task was to make maps of the places they visited.
On December 27th, 1831. Charles Darwin sailed from England on the Beagle. The trip was planned to last two years. In fact, it lasted five. During this time, he saw many amazing things. He collected lots of plants and animals and took them back to England to begin his scientific study.
Twenty-three years later, Darwin published a scientific paper with another man named Wallace. Darwin described how some animals have adaptations that help them survive. _ are passed on to offspring . Darwin's ideas about adaptations are still very important to the study of living things.
The question is: The trip on the Beagle lasted   _   years.
The possible answers are:
A:five
B:four
C:three
D:twoMany people in the world have not seen snow. Some countries never have snow; some have only a little on top of the high mountains. In the north of England, there is quite a lot of snow every winter, but in the south of England, there is usually little.
When a student from a warm country comes to England in autumn for the first time, he feels cold at first. There are often clouds, grey sky and cold rain in England in autumn, and most students from warm countries do not like this.
But snow is different. It is beautiful. Perhaps, after several mornings, the student wakes up one day, and there is a lot of light in his room. He thinks, "Is it so late?" and jumps out of bed. But no, it is not very late. He looks out of the window and there is snow on the ground and on the houses and everywhere.
The question is: The sentence "Is it so late?" means   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:it's very late
B:he wants to go to school
C:he wants to catch a bus
D:he usually gets up earlyIn China, many students spend  their weekends studying at school or doing homework at home.What are the students doing on weekends in America?
Kathy: We're washing people's cars. My friends and I are working together. The money we get is for our school basketball team .
Tom: I'm watching an interesting movie with my friend. It's noon. My friend is laughing  at something, so now I am laughing , too. We're laughing at the interesting dog in the movie.
Tony: I'm with my grandmother in the park. My parents are working today. We're playing and talking. She and I are good friends. She's telling me interesting stories.
Kitty: I'm sitting in bed with my notebook computer. It's 11:00 at night. I'm writing letters to my friends. They are in other countries . When I think of them, I'm very happy.
The question is: What is Tony doing?    _  .
The possible answers are:
A:Playing with his mother
B:Playing with his friends
C:Doing his homework
D:Listening to his grandma's storiesYou are what you eat
Keeping better eating habits can help you have less illness. A healthy eating plan means choosing the right food to eat and cooking food in a healthy way.
 _ 
Do you often change your toothbrush? Maybe you think it is unnecessary. A study shows old toothbrushes bring disease . You should often change your toothbrush.
Exercise
Swimming, cycling, jogging, skating, dancing, walking and some other activities can help you stay healthy. You should exercise at least three times a week and for twenty minutes or more each time. Do it!
Plan out your life
You should have breakfast before you go to school. Have a right meal for lunch. Follow a healthy diet.
The question is: What is the best title for the second passage??
The possible answers are:
A:Man's disease.
B:Disease.
C:Your toothbrush.
D:Your bathroom.Here are my three photos.
This is my friend, Wu Huan. She is a good girl. She is 11 years old. She is in ChongQing with her family. She likes vegetables and chicken. She doesn't like ice cream or strawberries.
This is me. My name is Chen Ming. I am 12 years old. I am a middle school student in Suzhou. I like eating fruit and vegetables. But I don't like eggs or carrots.
This is my friend, too. His name is Doudou. He is in Suzhou with me. He likes bones . He doesn't like broccoli. He likes playing with balls. He is a nice dog!
The question is: Dou dou likes.
The possible answers are:
A:ice cream
B:bones
C:broccoli
D:eggsHe was driving home one evening when he saw an old lady standing by the road. He could tell she needed help. So he stopped his car in front of her car and got out.
He smiled at her, but she was worried. Was he going to hurt her? He looked poor and hungry.
He said: "I'm here to help you ma'am. Why don't you wait in the car? By the way ,my name is Joe."
She had a flat tire . Joe crawled under the car and soon he was able to change the tire. But he had to get dirty and his hands hurt. She said that she couldn't thank him enough for his help. Joe just smiled as he closed her trunk .
She asked him how much she owed him. But Joe wasn't thinking about the money. This was helping someone in need. He told her that if she really wanted to pay him back, the next time she saw someone who needed help, she should lend a hand.
He waited until she had driven off and felt good as he headed for home.
A few miles down the road the lady saw a small cafe. She went in to get a bite to eat. The waitress brought a clean towel for her to wipe her wet hair. The waitress was nearly eight months pregnant .It was tiring for her to move about. But she did it all with a sweet smile on her face. The lady was moved by the wonderful service the waitress was giving. After the lady had finished her meal, and the waitress had gone to get her change from a Y=100 bill, the lady slipped out the door. At her table, the waitress found something written on a napkin.
There were tears in her eyes when she read what the lady had written. It said: "You don't owe me a thing. I know life is hard for you right now. Someone once helped me out, the way I'm helping you. If you really want to pay me back, don't let the chain of love end with you."
The question is: What's the best title of the article?
The possible answers are:
A:A man, an old lady and a waitress.
B:Helping someone in need.
C:Love is really important.
D:Unbroken chain of love.Mr. Smith has two cats. One is big and the other is small. He likes them very much. One day his good friend Mr. White comes to see him. He is very surprised .He finds there are two holes  in the door, a big hole and a small hole. He says, "My dear friend, why are there two holes in your door?" "To let them in and out." Mr. Black answers. "But why are there two holes?" his friend asks, "How can the big cat go through the small hole?"
The question is: According to this passage.   _   is not necessary .
The possible answers are:
A:The big hole
B:The small hole
C:The big door.
D:The small door.Most people want to work, but it has become more difficult in today's world to find work for everyone. The economy   of the world needs to grow by 4% each year just to keep the old number of jobs for people. Often this is not possible, and so more people are out of work. Some people have no jobs now because new machines can do the work of many people in short time. Also, machines do not ask for more money and longer holiday. In all of the countries of the world, machines are taking work from people, not only in factories but also on the farms. One machine can often do the work from forty people. About 75,000 people are moving to the cities a day to look for jobs, but only 70% of them can find jobs.
The question is: How many people outside cities go into to look for jobs each day?
The possible answers are:
A:70% of the people.
B:4% of the people in the world.
C:More than 75,000.
D:About 75,000 people.Uncle Wang works in a book shop in the middle of the city. The shop is not far from his home. It is about one kilometer away. So Uncle Wang seldom goes to work by bus. He usually goes bike there by bike, sometimes on foot .It takes   him twenty minutes to get there by bike and forty minutes on foot. Today his bike is broken. He wants to walk there. Now he is having breakfast. He leaves home at 7:50 and he walks to work twenty minutes earlier. His work starts at 8:30 in the morning and finishes at 4:45 in the afternoon.
The question is: How long does it take him to walk to his book shop?
The possible answers are:
A:Twenty minutes
B:Forty minutes
C:Ten minutes
D:Half an hourJust then the police radio says there was a robbery  in a supermarket nearby. The police told Mr. Brown to stay there and they would be back soon. Then the police ran to the supermarket.
Mr. Brown didn't wait but drove home. When he got home, he was tired and went to bed. Mrs. Brown found a police car in front of their house and the lights were still on.
.
The question is: Mr. Brown met   _   on his way home.
The possible answers are:
A:a robbery
B:his friend
C:Mrs. Brown
D:the policeJustin Bieber was nominated for the Best New Artist Grammy 2011. Both he and his fans were excited to hear the great news!
Born on March 1, 1994, in Canada, Justin entered a singing contest when he was 12 and won the second place. He taught himself to play the piano, drums and guitar. In 2007 Justin posted videos of his singing on the Internet and became famous. In 2008, he became a singer with a record company. Since then, he has become a big name. Justin is so popular that screaming fans show up everywhere for his appearance. Several of his performances had to be cancelled because there were too many fans!
In February, 2011, Justin's biopic Never Say Never will come out. Justin came from a poor family. But he said in his book that not having as many things as his friends made him stronger and built his character. He wants to tell people that you can do anything if you just put your mind to it.
The question is: Why did Justin have to cancel some of his performances?
The possible answers are:
A:Because he was badly ill.
B:Because he thought his performances weren't good enough.
C:Because he didn't want to have any performances.
D:Because there were lots of fans.Teachers and parents usually call attention to the pictures when they read storybooks to preschool children. But a new study tells that calling attention to the words and letters on the book may lead to better readers.
The two-year study compared children who were read to this way in class with children who were not. Those whose teachers most often discussed the words showed clearly higher skills in reading, spelling and understanding.
Shayne Piasta, a professor of teaching and learning at Ohio State University, says most preschool teachers would need only a small change in the way they teach. They already read storybooks in class. The only difference would be increased attention to the printed words.
Ms. Piasta says if you get children to pay attention to letters and words, _ that they will do better at word spelling. But she says studies show that very few parents and teachers do this in a systematic way.
They watched more than three hundred children aged four and five in classrooms in Ohio and Virginia. The children came from poor families and were poor in their language skills. They may become bad readers when they enter primary schools later.
Professor Justice says children's language skills can be improved by discussing with him or her when you are reading a book to a child. There are different ways that adults can talk to children about the letters and words on the page. They can point to a word and discuss the shape of it with a finger. They can point out a word: "This is 'dog'." They can discuss the meaning of the word or how the words tell the story. And they can also show how words are written left to right in English.
The question is: What can we infer from the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:Parents are more important than teachers for little children.
B:Teachers need to learn a lot to use the new teaching way.
C:It's impossible for preschool children to understand words.
D:Skills are important to children's reading development.What must you do when you receive a present for your birthday? You have to sit down and write a thank-you note. The word "thanks" is very important. We have to use them very often. We say them when someone gives us drink, helps us to pick up things, hands us a letter or lends us a book. It is rude to ask someone to do something without saying "please". We have to use it when we ask for something, too. It may be a book or a pencil, more rice or help. We have to use "please" to make request pleasant.
We have to learn to say "sorry", too. When we have hurt someone, we'll have to go up and say we're sorry. When we have forgotten something, we will say "sorry". We can make people forget wrong by saying it.
These three words are simple but important. Our children must learn to use them. They are pleasing words to use in any language.
The question is: The three important words in any language are_.
The possible answers are:
A:thanks, hello and goodbye
B:yes, no and true
C:thanks, please and sorry
D:well, please and pardonTony is Allen's classmate. One day,Tony comes to Allen's home. When he sees many books in Allen's study, he says to Allen, "Allen, you have so many good books. Can I borrow a book from you?" Allen doesn't want to lend   a book to his classmate and he says, "Why do you want to take my book home? You can read it here in my home. " Tony sees that his classmate is very selfish  , but he says nothing. The next day, Allen comes to Tony's house and says, "Tony, you have a good garden-knife. I want to work in my garden tomorrow. Can I use it for two days?" Tony answers, "Why do you want to take my garden-knife home? You can work with it in my garden. "
The question is: Allen wants to borrow  _  from Tony.
The possible answers are:
A:a knife
B:a book
C:a garden-knife
D:moneyOne Saturday evening, my husband and I went to have dinner at a restaurant. As we sat there eating and sharing conversation, I watched an old woman stop and look around. I looked over at my husband and said, "She must be lost."
I got up and caught up with her as she walked by our table and touched her lightly on the shoulder. "Ma'am, are you having trouble finding who you are dining with?" I asked.
She said yes. She was there with her daughter. I asked if her daughter was the only person she was there with, and she replied yes. "If you stay right here, I will find her and come back and take you to her--to save you some steps," I offered. She looked at me and said, "But you don't know who I am here with."
She was right. I explained that her daughter should be easy to find, because I thought she would be the only lady sitting by herself in the whole restaurant. She agreed...but just then a young man stopped me and asked, "Is she looking for her seat? They're sitting at a table right across from us."
I told him that she was and thanked him. I watched as they walked off together and kept my eyes on the old woman to make sure that she could see her daughter and all was well. I couldn't help but think that it must not be much different from being lost as a child. I wondered if I too would accept the help from strangers when I was as old as the lost woman.
The question is: Who helped the woman find her seat in the end?
The possible answers are:
A:A waiter.
B:Her daughter.
C:The writer
D:A young man.An experienced teacher is offering private lessons in English.
Please email me at the address below and tell me:
*Your age
*Reasons for learning English
*Your level of English
*Areas that you need to focus on - grammar, listening, speaking, reading, writing, etc.
Mrs. Daniels( daniels _ m@mail.com)
From: Li _ Hua@gmail.com
To: daniels _ m@mail.com
CC...:
Subject: English Lessons
Dear Mrs. Daniels,
I recently saw your advertisement on the university website offering private English lessons. I'm very interested in your private lessons and would like some more information.
I am a student at Aston College here in Hong Kong studying English, so my language level is already quite good.
However, I feel that I need to improve my listening and speaking skills. This is because I'm planning to study at London University in England next year and I think your lessons will help me to live and study abroad.
Could you send me some more information about the lessons offered, such as where and when they will be held and how much they cost? Also, I would like to know whether you teach students in groups or one-on-one.
I would be glad to supply any further information you might need.
Regards,
Li Hua
The question is: What can we learn about Li Hua from his email?
The possible answers are:
A:He is now living in England
B:He is a student in Hong Kong
C:His level of English is very low.
D:He is studying at London University.Learning a foreign language is difficult for many learners. The following tips may help you learn a foreign language quickly.
Reading aloud
When you start learning a foreign language, you should read aloud. Reading aloud instead of reading lowly only to yourself helps you in remembering. It helps with pronunciation, too.
Building your vocabulary
You'll have to make a few word lists, you have to memorize and review them regularly. You may review the word lists at least once a day for two weeks.
Learning grammar
Learning the grammar of a foreign language is a dry and boring task. But it can speed your language learning. Don't jump to learn tenses , it's better to be done after you've learned some of the language. The most important thing is that you shouldn't worry about the mistakes you'll make when you start. If you do like this, you'll learn the language better.
Watching TV and movies
This is a wonderful way to learn a foreign language quickly. You can watch TV shows in the language you are learning. They'll help you a great deal with the vocabulary as well as catching what others say and also your pronunciation.
,,(5)
The question is: When learning the grammar of a foreign language, you should   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:learn tenses first
B:try not to make mistakes
C:make at least one word list
D:learn from the mistakes you makeClasses resumed   Thursday for the students of a school in Newtown, Conn, where a gunman last month killed 20 children and 6 adults in the second-largest school shooting in U.S. history.
With their school still being treated as a crime scene, more than 400 students of Sandy Hook Primary School attended classes in neighbouring Monroe.
Returning students, teachers and administrators were met by a large police presence outside their new school. Several officers guarded the entrance and checked IDs of parents dropping off children.
Law-enforcement officers guarding the new school called it "the safest school in America."
Students found the same chairs and desks, when possible. Their classroom walls were painted the same colours and hung with the same pictures. Other details, such as the location of bookshelves and cubby holes, were replicated   as much as possible.
The school district said parents who wanted to be close to their children were welcome to visit and stay in classrooms or an auditorium.
Newtown superintendent Janet Robinson said officials would do their best to make the students feel at ease.
"We will be doing a normal day." She said.
The question is: A lot of things in the new school were replicated as much as possible except  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:chairs and desks
B:classroom walls
C:the location of the fans and air conditioners
D:the location of bookshelves and cubby holesYou're listening to Radio Five. Regular listeners know that every Tuesday I give a list of places in the city that are looking for volunteers.
Tiny Tot Preschool is looking for someone who will sing songs to the children on Thursday mornings. The best person for this job would be someone who can play the piano or the guitar.
Primary School 39 needs volunteers to teach students English after school on Mondays, Wednesdays, and Fridays.If you are good at English,this is a great chace.
The Parks Department needs volunteers to help plant many trees before May Day. If you like to work outside and protect the environment, this job is just for you.
Lastly, the Community Center is looking for volunteers to work with old people on weekends. You can help read newspapers to the old people with bad eyesight. The Center also needs a few students to do fix-up work on houses. If you often help your grandfather repair his house, maybe this is the best job for you.
If you are interested in any of the jobs, you can call us at 5478-6638.
That's all for now. People need your help. Volunteer Today.
The question is: Which of the following if TRUE according to the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:Tiny Tot Preschool's telephone number is 5478-6638
B:Volunteers can help the students with English in Primary School.
C:The Parks Department needs volunteers to help give out notices.
D:The Community Center is looking for volunteers that can work on Mondays and Wedensdays.When you are in England, you must   be very careful   in the streets because the traffic goes on the left. Before you cross the street, you must look to the right first and then the left.
If the traffic lights are red, the traffic must stop . Then the people on foot can cross the road. If the lights are green, the traffic can go and people on foot mustn't   cross.
In the morning and in the evening, when people go to or come back from work, the streets are very busy. The traffic is the most dangerous then.
When you go by bus in England, you have to be careful, too. You must always remember the cars drive on the left.
In many English cities, there are big buses with two floors. You can sit on the second floor. From there, you can see the city very well. That'll be very interesting.
The question is: In England, you can see some buses  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:with two chairs
B:with two rooms
C:with two floors
D:with two driversDianna was born in a rich family on July 1st,1961. On July 29, 1981, Diana married Prince Charles. Later she gave birth to Prince William and Prince Harry.
Dianna enjoyed taking part in  international Charities . One day in July 1991, she went to a hospital to see AIDS patients with Barbara Bush, the wife of the president of the United States at the time. Princess Diana talked to an AIDS patient who was unable to stand up. She even hugged  him and encouraged him to fight against the illness . The patient was very _ and said, "AIDS patients do need warm hugs." Of course, she made it. Unfortunately, she died in August 1997. British Prime Minister, Tony Blair said in his speech that Diana was the People's Princess.
After her death, people set up a fund to remember Diana and help those who need help.
The question is: Diana was the   _   of Prince Harry.
The possible answers are:
A:sister
B:aunt
C:mother
D:wifeWe are all called upon to make a speech at some point in life, but most of us don't do a very good job. This article gives some suggestions on how to give an effective speech.
So, you have to give a speech and you're fearful. You get nervous, you forget what you want to say, you stumble over  words, you talk too long and you bore your audience. Later you think," Thank goodness, it's over. I'm just no good at public speaking. I hope I never have to do that again."
Cheer up! It doesn't have to be that bad. Here are some simple steps to take the pain out of speech making. Ask yourself the purpose of your speech. What is the occasion ? Why are you speaking? Then, gather as many facts as you can on your subject. Spend plenty of time doing your research. Then spend plenty of time organizing your material so that your speech is clear and easy to follow. Use as many examples as possible and use pictures, charts and graphs if they will help you make your points more clearly. Never forget your audience. Don't talk over their heads so that they can understand what you say. They will appreciate your thoughtfulness.
Just remember: Be prepared. Know your subject, your audience and the occasion. Be brief. Say what you have to say and then stop. And be yourself. Let your personality come through so that you make person-to-person contact with your audience.
If you follow these simple steps, you'll see that you don't have to be afraid of public speaking. In fact, you may find the experience so enjoyable that you volunteer to make more speeches! You're not sure yet. Give it a try and see what happens.
The question is: Which of the following is TRUE according to the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:You can speak as long as you like.
B:You should avoid contacting with audience.
C:You should remember what you have to say and when to stop.
D:The more speeches you make, the more afraid you will be.I once knew a man who was rich in his love for birds, and in their love for him . He lived in a grove full of all kinds of trees. He had no wife or children in his home. He was an old man with blue and kind eyes, and a voice that the birds loved.
While he was at work in the grove, the birds came close to pick up the worms  in the fresh earth he dug up. At first, they kept their distance from him, but they soon found he was a kind man, and would not hurt them, but liked to have them near him.
They knew this by his kind eyes and voice, which tell what is in the heart. So, day by day their _ in his love grew in them.
All the birds of the grove were soon his fast friends. They were on the watch for him, and would fly down from the green tree tops to greet him with their chirp .
When he had no work to do, he took bread with him, and dropped the pieces on the ground. Down they would dart  on his head and feet to catch them as they fell from his hand.
He showed me how they loved him, He put a piece of bread in his mouth, with one end of it out of his lips, Down they came like bees at a flower, and flew off with it piece by piece,
When they thought he slept too long in the morning, they would fly in and _ .
They went with him to church, and while he sang his hymns in it, they sat in the trees, and sang their praises.
So the love and trust of birds were a joy to the old man all his life long.
The question is: The birds didn't get close to the old man at first because  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:he often hurt them
B:he disliked them near him
C:they knew little about him
D:they got no food from himIt's a long-awaited day for China. The navy now has its first aircraft carrier , Liaoning. It's a unique experience to get to know the life in the carrier. The carrier is just like a small city on the sea. It has all the functions for daily life. There are 4 words to sum up its characters: big, small, much and high. The carrier Liaoning is such a huge one that the total length of the whole corridor could reach over 20 kilometers. But the living space for the sailors is quite small. That's because the carrier is designed for researching purposes, rather than comfortable living. Over 1,000 sailors, both men and women, are living onboard. They are arranged among over 3,000 tiny rooms below the deck.. For visitors, it's so easy to get lost. So the first thing the new sailors have to learn is their way around. The number of female sailors is much less than that of the males, taking about 5 percent of the total. But they play a key role in carrying out some special missions.
Also, you will be surprised by the high level of education of today's sailors. The captain said that over 90 percent of the sailors are college graduates. Six hold Doctor's Degrees and 45 have a Master's. The whole team is young but vigorous. The complex work on the carrier requires high management abilities for the commanders onboard .
The question is: What does the word "high" in Line 4 refer to ?
The possible answers are:
A:The aircraft carrier is high since it is just like a small city.
B:Most of the soldiers received good education.
C:The expense to run a carrier is high.
D:The high-level of their training.My mother was a housewife. She thought that successful people spent a lot more time reading than watching TV. So she asked my brother and me not to watch too much TV, but to read two books every week in our free time. She would check them with marks, though she couldn't read the book at all.
When I went to high school, I was an A-student, but not for long. I wanted cool clothes and hung out with friends. I became a C-student, but I didn't care. One night I complained about not having enough Italian shirts. Then my mother gave me all the money and said I could get the money left to buy shirts if I finished buying all the things the family needed. I was pleased with that, but after I bought those things, there was no money left. I got to know how difficult it was for my mother to do all these. I went back to my studies and became an A-student again. Finally, my dream came true and I became a doctor.
My story is really my mother's story----a woman with little education greatly changed my life as a parent. So I believe there is no job more important than parenting.
The question is: Which was NOT the reason for the writer's falling behind ?
The possible answers are:
A:He only cared about clothes and didn't study.
B:He spent more time hanging out with friends than studying.
C:He didn't care that he went from being an A-student to a C-student.
D:He spent much time reading storybooks.A man made a nice talking machine .It could weigh people's weight .The man wanted to try the machine before he could make a lot of machines. He put the machine into the waiting room of a station .There were always lots of people in and out .
The first one who used the machine was an Indian woman. She stood on the machine, the machine thought for a few seconds to decide which language to speak .
"Good morning ,Madam ."it said in Indian . "Your weight is 72 kilograms .That's three kilograms more .If you eat more fruit and vegetables ,you will be soon all right .Please have a nice day ."
The second one to use the machine was a Chinese girl .She stood on the machine and waited to hear her weight.
" Good morning ,Miss ."the machine said in Chinese ."Your weight is 45 kilograms .It's all right for your age. Keep eating what you eat every day .Please have a nice day."
The third one to use the machine was a very fat American woman. She thought for a long time to stand on the machine.
The machine spoke quickly in English "Good morning .Will one of  you get off?"
The question is: The man put his first machine_.
The possible answers are:
A:in the station
B:in a train
C:in the doctor's waiting room
D:in the women's roomReading is a good hobby for all kinds of reasons. First , reading is fun. You can always keep yourself happy if like reading. You will never feel bored or tired. Next, you can read a book anywhere----in a car, on a plane, or even in the bathroom. All you need is a book! Another good reason for reading is that it is useful. If you read as a hobby, you will get better and better at it. And you will read faster and find it easier to understand what you read. As your reading skills improve, you will probably find your schoolwork becomes much better.
Some people say that reading is out of date  . This is not true. You can read on computers, and the better you read, the better your computer skills will be. Good readers may become writers, too. They always have more things to write about.
Reading is a wonderful hobby. Why not start reading ri ght now?
The question is: What d oes the passage mainly tell us?
The possible answers are:
A:You can read on computers.
B:Reading is a good hobby.
C:Good readers must be good  writers.
D:Reading is useful.Tom's father has a big farm. On New Year's Day, his father asked him, "Could you work on the farm when you're free this year, Tom?"
"Farming is not my work, Dad. I have much school work to do," Tom wasn't glad at _ .
"If you help me work on the farm, I will give you anything you want."
"OK," Tom _ happily.
So Tom gets up early and works hard on the farm in his free time this year, just like other farmers. His wheat grows very well.
Time flies. Today is the last day of the year, December 31st. The father is talking with his son.
"I'm happy to see you work hard on the farm. Tom, now tell me what you want as the gift ."
Tom shows his father a big piece of bread. He makes it with the wheat on his farm. "I have already gotten your gift, Dad. You're trying to give me a lesson--- no pain, no gain.
Right?"
The question is: What do you think of Tom?
The possible answers are:
A:He doesn't study hard at school.
B:He learns a lot from other farmers.
C:He grows wheat hard on the farm
D:He is not a good boy.Dear Betty,
I'm your eraser Jill .This afternoon you lost me in your classroom. Simon found me and gave me to your English teacher Ms White. Now Ms White's three keys and I are in Ms. White's bag. The bag is yellow. It's on Ms White's desk. Please call Ms White at 718-0167 and ask her for me .You can come to the library, too. Ms White is in the library now.
Jill
The question is: Ms White is in   _  now.
The possible answers are:
A:the school
B:the library
C:the classroom
D:her roomWhat could a poem writer and a movie director share? More than you think! Langston Hughes began writing poems in high school and soon became one of America's greatest writers. Most of his writing is about his experiences as an African American. He wrote poems about people who worked hard through life but still found things to be happy about. He wrote plays and books about justice  for all people, and he wrote kids' books, too. The Sweet and Sour Animal Book is a book of his animal poems. Pictures and photos were used in the book. "Hold fast to dreams" is a line in a famous Hughes poem. That's exactly what he did throughout his life.
When Steven Spielberg was in middle school, he wanted to make a film. He had an idea for a movie, but no money. He started a tree-planting business and made his film with the money he earned. Spielberg never stopped making films, even after many film schools refused him. Today he is one of the most popular and important filmmakers in the world. His movies are about people who are adventurous , brave, kind. His characters often fight for what is good. Some of his films are about his Jewish background, such as Schindler's List. Spielberg once said, "I don't dream that much at night because I dream for a living." In different ways, both Hughes and Spielberg have encouraged people of all ages to reach for their dreams.
The question is: What did Langston Hughes do in his whole life?
The possible answers are:
A:He never gave up his wish.
B:He sometimes had a wish to achieve.
C:He always had no wish to achieve.
D:He always wrote poems for movies.For many years, the school students have to finish some homework during their winter and summer holidays. But with the fast development of the Internet, some students have found a new way to deal with their homework recently. Instead of finishing their homework by themselves, they ask the Internet for help.
Since most of the holiday homework is the same from school to school, this makes it possible for some people to sell the homework answers on the Internet. Usually one must pay about 50 to 100 yuan for the answers for one subject of the homework. A survey shows that 90% of the students complain their homework is too much and they don't want to do it by themselves.
To solve the problem, some schools have stopped using the standard homework and turned  to other forms of homework. As for students, they must remember "No pains, no gains". If today they pay for their homework answers, perhaps one day they will pay more for their laziness .
The question is: The price of the answers for one subject is   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:90 yuan
B:about 100 yuan
C:about 50 yuan
D:about 50 to 100 yuanWHEN a woman took the seat beside me on a plane, I felt uncomfortable. She had to lower herself slowly, squeezing   her body into the small space.
"My name is Kelly. I'm from Canada. Where are you from?" She waved a hand in front of my face. "China," I said as I shook her hand unhappily.
Kelly kept talking to me. She was very thoughtful. When we were served drinks and meals, she made sure that I had enough room in my seat.
"I don't want to make you uncomfortable with my elephant size!" she said sincerely. I couldn't help but let down my guard.
As we talked, I was surprised by her wise words. She had read many books and was very smart.
I asked her if she ever thought about losing some weight.
"Aren't you worried about the diseases that come with being overweight?"
"Not at all. I eat healthy and walk regularly," she said. "I believe in my heart, the people who get diseases are the ones who worry. You see advertisements from exercise centers that read, 'Free yourself from your extra baggage, so you are free to be yourself.' You're free only if you're comfortable with who you are!"
I suddenly realized that Kelly was the most beautiful and clever woman I had ever met in my life.
The question is: Why was the writer unfriendly to Kelly at first?
The possible answers are:
A:She was not good at making friends.
B:She was not in a good mood that day.
C:She hoped to enjoy the trip alone.
D:She felt uncomfortable with Kelly's big body.All the people know that exercise is important. We all need to exercise. Doctors say it is good for us. It makes your heart and body strong. Children who often exercise are more alert . It is healthy for the mind and the body. This means they do better in tests and schoolwork than those who don't exercise.
There are many ways to do exercise. You can walk, run, swim, skate, or play ball games. Make sure you exercise in the following ways:
1. You have to like what you're doing.
2. Exercise enough, but not too much. It's best to exercise twice each week. Thirty minutes each time is enough.
3. Try all kinds of things until you find one, two or even three sports _ for you.
Lots of people choose to exercise at fitness centers  . Why? Because there are a lot of sports equipment there. The equipment will help exercise your arms, legs and other parts of your body to make you healthy. Some people buy sports equipment for their homes. But it is very expensive.
Exercising can be fun. Friends can exercise together at a fitness center, or they can play sports together outside. How do you exercise?
The question is: According to the passage, why do many people go to fitness centers to keep healthy?
The possible answers are:
A:Because they have much free time.
B:Because they think they can't keep healthy at home.
C:Because there are different kinds of sports equipment at fitness centers.
D:Because they are rich.When I was a girl of 10, I joined the school cross-country team and practiced twice a week, on the 1,8-km course I'd never really run before and I thought the course would be easy. It was a real shock I ran out of breathe within the first few minutes. I never realized how tiring running could be but I didn't t think about give up.
Over time,I did get a little bit faster. However, I was really slow. In races, I would finish close to last. I'd always have to stop more than once, especially in the longer races, which were 2. 5 to 2. 8 km. After every race, I'd go home and cry. But 1 still didn't stop running, holding onto that picture of crossing the finishingline and finally doing well.
Then one of my friends joined the team, too. She could run easily and even came in the 18thin a big race! I felt so slow and my confidence  was lower than ever. I became so nervous when I thought of the races that I wanted to give up badly.
Still. I refund to. Finally. 1 realized that the reason I was to nervous was that I was always worried that I wasn't ready for them. So a few weeks before the next 2. 8-km race. I practiced running almost 3 km every day. which helped me improve my pace .
When the time came for the big race, all that practicing really _ . I stopped only once and my pace was so much better.
I realized that I'd finally gotten happiness with running. But the funny thing was. It didn't come from doing better, Instead, it came from the fact that I hid tried harder and never given up.
The question is: Before she took the 1.8-km course, the writer  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:knew a lot about it
B:wanted to be a great runner
C:practiced running every day
D:never thought running so tiredThere are over 800 boarding   schools in the UK with students from home and foreign countries. Boarding schools started hundreds of years ago in the country. But the earliest boarding schools were set up for white, rich boys only. Now both boys and girls can go to boarding schools from the age of 7 to 18.
What to do
In the UK, boarding schools have three terms in a school year, with about 13 weeks in each term. Students study and live together. They can't go outside if they are not allowed to. In some schools, each student has his or her subject plan. Besides the usual classrooms and laboratories, the boarding schools have lots of other _ for their students, including music rooms, boats, swimming pools, cinemas and theatres. Most boarding schools have a "light out" time. So when it's time to go to bed, all the lights in the bedrooms are turned off. There are house-masters to take care of students all the time, especially after school hours.
What to wear
Nearly all students at boarding schools wear a school uniform. Boys usually wear a shirt and a tie, and girls wear a white blouse, sometimes also a tie and a skirt. As students get older, the rules become less strict.
 _ 
In the UK, boarding schools provide students with delicious food. They can choose to have a full English breakfast or simply bread. They can also choose between a meal with no meat and another meal at lunch and dinner. And there is always self-service for salad  , other side dishes and a dessert. Students can also make themselves something to eat at any time in a kitchen, or drink tea or have a snack between meals.
The question is: Which of the following is TRUE according to   the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:Only white children were allowed to attend the earliest boarding schools.
B:Students in a boarding school are looked after only after school hours.
C:As students get older, the rules about wearing school uniforms become stricter.
D:Students can have different activities in a boarding school.Happiness   is for everyone . You don't need to care about   those people who have beautiful houses with large gardens and swimming pools or those who have nice cars and a lot of money and so on . Why? Because those who have big houses may often feel lonely .and those who have cars may want to work on the country roads at their free time .
In fact , happiness is always around you if you put your heart into it.When you are in trouble at school,your friends will help you;when you study hard at your lessons,your parents are always taking good care of your life and your health;when you get success,your friends will say"Cingratulations"to you;when you do something wrong,people around you will help you to correct it.And when you do something good to others,you notice them,and you can see that happiness is always around you.
Happiness is not the same as money.It is a feeling of your heart.When you are poor,you can also say you are happy,because you have something else that can't be bought with money.When you meet with difficulties,you can say loudly you are very happy,because you have more chances to challenge yourself.So you cannot always say you are poor and you have bad luck.As the saying goes,"Life is like a revolving door.When it closes,it also opens."If you take every chance to get, you can be a happy and lucky person.
The question is: Which is the title of the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:Happiness
B:Happy and Lucky
C:Do Something Good to Others
D:MoneyMr. and Mrs. Smith come from London, England. They work in China now. They teach English in a middle school. They like their work very much. They have two children, Sam and Sue.  They are both in Shanghai with their parents. Mr. Smith can't speak Chinese, but his wife can speak it very well.
Mr. Smith likes swimming and reading, and Mrs. Smith likes swimming and reading, too. They often go swimming in the afternoon and read in the evening. Sam and Sue like playing games with Chinese boys and girls.
Sam's uncle works on a farm near London. He likes swimming, too. He wants to work in Shanghai, but he can' t speak Chinese. So he is still  there and goes to Chinese classes every day.
The question is: _   are in different countries now.
The possible answers are:
A:Mr. and Mrs. Smith
B:Mrs. Smith and her children
C:Mr. Smith and his brother
D:Mr. Smith and his childrenMost people make their living   with their hands, but Bob makes his living with his feet.
Bob's story began in a small city of England. His family was poor. Seven people lived in a small house. Bob had no place to play but on the street.
Kids in the city like playing football very much. Little Bob wanted to play football, too. So his father made a soft   ball for him to kick. It was a sock full of old cloth. He kicked it every day.
At last ,Bob learned how to kick a real football. And after a few years, he could play football very well.
,.
The question is: People usually make their living   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:by learning by themselves
B:with their feet
C:with their hands
D:by playing footballI am a boy from the USA. Now I go to school in China. I have Chinese food now, I like it. I usually have porridge and milk for breakfast at home with my parents. Sometimes I have some small cakes, too. But I don't have lunch at home. I have it at school with my classmates . I usually have meat or fish, rice and vegetables for lunch. After lunch I have some fruit. I get home at half past four in the afternoon. So I have supper with my parents again. Sometimes we go out for supper. My mother often cooks supper. Sometimes my sister does it. We usually have rice, fish, meat, vegetables and fruit juice for supper. We sometimes have noodles and dumplings. After supper, I often have some fruit. I like apples very much.
,.
The question is: Where does the boy have lunch at weekends?
The possible answers are:
A:At home.
B:At school.
C:At home or at school..
D:We don't know.Here is some information about some of the wonders of the world. I am sure you will be interested in them.
The Pyramids of Egypt
There are about eighty pyramids known today. The most well-known was for Pharaoh  Khufu. It is known as the "Great Pyramid". It's also the largest one. Workers used about 2.3 million blocks of stone to build it. (A)20. 
The Hanging Gardens of Babylon
The garden sat on a hill. It was a large and wonderful structure . Many parts of the garden were high up on large columns . There were many big and green trees with lovely flowers. Although there are many different ideas about the garden, we are not sure whether this wonder ever existed !
The Lighthouse of Alexandria
The Lighthouse of Alexandria was designed about 2,000 years ago. It was in Egypt, too. (B) It was one of the ancient wonders of the world, about 135 metres high. It was once the highest building in the world. Although it doesn't exist now, many people come to see its relic  every year.
The question is: Which is NOT true?
The possible answers are:
A:The Great Pyramid has used many stones to build.
B:Scientists can prove that the Hanging Gardens of Babylon has ever existed.
C:The Lighthouse of Alexandria was in Egypt.
D:The Lighthouse of Alexandria was about135 metres high.Jim suffered heart problems. In conversation he expressed little joy and it seemed that his life was drawing to a close.
When his heart problems led to operation, Jim went through it successfully, and a full recovery was expected. Within days, however, his heart was not beating properly. Jim was rushed back to operation, but nothing was found to explain the cause of his illness. He died on the operating table on the day before his 48th birthday.
Dr. Bruce Smoller, a psychologist  , had had many conversations with him, and the more he learned, the stranger he realized Jim's case was. When Jim was a child, his father, a teacher, suffered a heart attack and stayed home to recover. One morning Jim asked his father to look over his homework, promising to come home from school at noon to pick it up. His father agreed, but when Jim returned his father had died. Jim's father was 48.
"I think all his life Jim believed he killed his father," Dr. Smoller says. "He felt that if he had not asked him to look at his homework, his father would have lived. Jim had been troubled by the idea. The operation was the trial   he had expected for forty years. " Smoller believes that Jim willed himself not to live to the age of 48.
Jim's case shows the powerful role that attitude   plays in physical health, and that childhood experiences produce far-reaching effect on the health of grown-ups. Although most cases are less direct than Jim's, studies show that childhood events, besides genes, may well cause such midlife diseases as cancer, heart disease and mental illness.
The question is: Jim was sent back to operation because   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:his heart didn't work well
B:he expected a full recovery
C:his life was drawing to a close
D:the first one wasn't well performedDifference
John and Bobby joined a company at the same time . They both worked very hard . After several years , Bobby became the manager , but John thought it was unfair , so he gave his resignation  to the boss .
When the boss found out the reason why John wanted to leave , he said , "I hope you will do one more thing for our company before you leave . "
John agreed . The boss asked him to find out if anyone was selling watermelons at the market . John went and soon returned . He said he had found a man selling watermelons . The boss asked him how much they were . John shook his head  and went back to the market . When he returned , he told the boss they were $ 1.2 per kg .
Then the boss asked Bobby to find a watermelon seller at the market . Bobby went , returned and said , "Only one person is selling watermelons . $ 1.2 per kg , 340 melons in all , and each melon weighs about 2 kg . They are fresh . "
John realized  the difference between himself and Bobby . He decided not to leave but to learn from Bobby.
The question is: Who became the manager after several years ?
The possible answers are:
A:John
B:Jonny
C:Bobby
D:No oneMore than 700 years ago, Scotland was fighting with England. The King of England wanted to control Scotland. He had a strong army so it was difficult for the Scots to fight. They lost many times. King Robert of Scotland had to run from the English army.
One rainy day, King Robert lay in a cave  . He thought that he was not good enough to be a king. He was so worried that he didn't even see a spider near him. He looked up when he saw the spider climbing. It was trying to climb up to its web at the top of the cave but it fell down.
"How sad!" thought King Robert. "The spider is like me. It's not strong enough."
He watched while the spider tried again. It fell down a second time.
"Be careful little spider, or you might die," he said. "Life is so hard. You'll never
get back to your web." But the spider tried again and again. King Robert watched while it slowly climbed back to its web. After an hour, the spider got to the web.
"You are such a great spider," he said. "If you can keep trying, I can too. I must carry on fighting. I won't let the English win." Then his army grew strong and they stopped the English army successfully.
The question is: Why was it difficult for the Scots to fight the English?
The possible answers are:
A:Because the Scots were too weak.
B:Because the King of England was very smart.
C:Because the English army was very strong.
D:Because the King of Scotland was not good enough."BANG !" the door caused a reverberation . It was just standing there, with father standing on one side, and I on the other side.
We were both in great anger. "Never set foot in this house again!" stormed father. With tears  welling up in my eyes, I rushed out of the flat and ran along the street.
The street lights were shining, causing rather sad feelings. I walked aimlessly.
A young father who held a child in his arms walked past me. I felt as if I saw my childhood from another space: happy and carefree.
But now ... I don't know whether it is because I have grown up or because dad is getting old.  We differ in our ways of thinking. He always puts his opinions of behavior on me. Whenever I do something wrong, he never turns a blind eye to it. We are just like two people coming from two different worlds. It feels like there is an iron door between us that can never be opened.
I walked aimlessly on the streets, without an exact place in mind. My heart was frozen on this hot summer night. As I walked on there were fewer and fewer people on the streets, until I had only the street lights to be with me. When I finally reached the high-rise apartment block in which I lived.
I saw that all the lights were off except the father's.
I thought to myself: "Is father waiting for me, or is he still angry with me?" "Am I wrong?" I whispered, maybe... With the key in hand, I was as nervous as I had ever been. At last, I decided to open the door. As soon as I opened the door tears ran down my cheeks. I suddenly realized that there was no iron door between us at all. Love - it's second to none.
The question is: What made the writer think of his childhood?
The possible answers are:
A:The sight of the street lights.
B:The sight of the empty street.
C:The sight of a father with a child in his arms.
D:The sight of light in his own house.Take a look at teenagers around, dressed in baggy-pants  , drinking soft drinks such as coke, reading Japanese cartoons. Whether you are in Beijing, Wuhan or Hong Kong, you will get the same impression. But should we copy others or should we maintain   our differences?
It sounds convenient that people around the world speak the same language, dress in the same style, eat the same food and play the same games. If the world was like this, you won't feel strange in any corner of world. But just imagine living in such a strange world. How dull and colorless it would be!
Different kinds of food that people can taste, the colorful and fashionable clothes that we dress in and different languages we speak are all part of the different cultures that our ancestors left us. These differences represent their creativity   and talent. And we all enjoy different cultures in our daily lives. When you travel to other places, you want to see different things. When you talk to foreigners you expect to listen to interesting stories. These differences in culture are what make life colorful.
But the whole world is _ into a small village as globalization   takes effect and many different cultures are disappearing. In most big cities around the world people wear the same clothes. Fast food stores are everywhere. Hollywood movies are kicking traditional performing arts out of our lives. The colors of our life are disappearing.
There is joke that even the panda and zebra want to live a colorful life. So let's take action to protect our colorful culture before it becomes as simple as black and white.
It's not difficult. Learning some folk songs, trying on a traditional clothing and even eating local food instead of going to KFC can help. And we're sure you will enjoy it.
The question is: The passage is written to   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:explain cultural differences
B:convince readers to maintain cultural differences
C:predict the future of globalization
D:show some cultural phenomenaA frog   is born in a small river.When he is young,the river is his home.He doesn't know his parents,but he has hundreds of brothers and sisters.He swims about and plays with them all the time.At that time,he doesn't look like his parents.He has no legs and he has a big tail  .So he looks like a fish.
Later,his tail gets shorter and shorter.And he has four legs and a very short tail.He looks like his parents now. Then, he's going to eat a lot of bad insects  .
The question is: A frog has  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:four legs and a very short tail
B:four legs but he has a long tail
C:no legs but he has a long tail
D:no legs and he looks like a fishWould you completely trust your friends if you couldn't see anything? If you are falling, do you believe they will catch you and help you stand up? Our teacher helped us to find the answer.
Our teacher is named Morrie. One day, he said that he had a game for us to try. He divided us into two groups. One of the students from the first group, stands in front of us with his eyes closed, and then falls backwards . The second group stand behind him. Before he falls on the floor, they should catch him and not let him get hurt. Most of us were uncomfortable with this. We were afraid that they wouldn't catch us and we would hit the floor. So we didn't move. We just stood there and laughed in embarrassment .
Finally, one student, thin, quiet, dark-haired girl called Sarah, decided to move. She crossed her arms in front of her body, closed her eyes, and slowly fell backwards. She looked quiet but brave.
For a moment, I was sure she was going to fall on the floor. But before she hit the floor, the other students caught her, held her and finally helped her stand up.
"Whoa!!" we were all surprised, and also encouraged. The girl was happy, too. Seeing this, Morrie smiled and said to the girl, "When you close your eyes, you can't see anything. You won't feel safe. When you are falling, the feeling gets stronger. You are not sure whether you will hit the cold, hard floor or the warm, soft hands of your friends. But if you are brave enough to trust them, they won't let you down."
The question is: The students felt encouraged because   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:they could stop the game finally
B:they wanted to do something else
C:they thought they had won the game
D:they felt that they could trust each otherHave you ever watched the big parade  on Tian'anmen Square on October 1? Some students performed in the big parade. In order to get ready for  it, this summer, many Beijing middle school students had a different kind of vacation. Instead of hanging out with friends or traveling, they trained  hard for the 60th birthday of China this year.
Students trained from 7:30 am to around 10:00 am or from 4 pm to 6:30 pm, because it was very hot this summer. They wore white hats, T-shirts and blue trousers. The hats and T-shirts were printed with a red logo, the number "60".
The first week of training was PE. Students practiced standing and squatting. Then they moved on to practice the group show. When we watched the parade on TV we saw them making colorful pictures.
What did the students think of their unusual summer? "Sometimes we find it a bit tiring." said Lu Wenqi, 13. "But most of us think it's a great _ to take part in such an important show." Li Hui, 15, thought the same as Lu. She said her classmates were hardly late for training. "It's a wonderful chance for us," said Li. "When my parents were in college, they also took part in a national day parade. Now it's my turn!"
The question is: The students performed a group show for the 60th birthday of China on   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:September 1st
B:October 1st
C:October 60th
D:November 1stSadness and happiness are often talked about by people in their spare time. Most people want themselves to be happy for ever, but few know how to find happiness. Others say if you own lots of money and success, you will be happy. However, money and success alone do notbring lasting happiness. A famous a Greek thinker, Aristotle, said, "Happiness depends upon ourselves." That's to say,we make our own happiness. Here are a few suggestions to help you be happier.
The first secret of happiness is to enjoy the simple things in life. Too often, we spend so much timethinking about the future. For example, getting into college or getting a good job, which we fail to enjoy thepresent. You should enjoy life's simple pleasures, such as reading a good book, listening to your favorite music, or spending time with close friends. People who have several close friends often live happier and healthier lives.
Another secret to living a happy life is to be active. Many people go dancing or play sports. People can forget about their problems and only think about the activities. Finally, many people find happiness in helping others.      Studies show that people feel good when they spend their time helping others. If you want to feel happier, do good things for someone. You can help a friend with his or her studies, go shopping or help out with some things around the house for an elderly person.
If you do above, you will be happy.
The question is: What's the main idea of this passage?
The possible answers are:
A:How to live a happy life.
B:How to depend upon ourselves.
C:How to help the old people.
D:How to get a good job.Sports can help you keep fit and close to nature. However, whether you are on the mountains, in the waves, or on the grassland, you should realize that sport you choose might have great influence on the environment.
Some sports are _ . Golf, as you may know, eats up not only large areas of countryside, but also lots of water. Besides, huge amounts of energy are used to keep its courses in good condition. This causes major environmental changes. For example, in the dry places of Portugal and Spain, golf is often held responsible for (...) serious water shortage  in some local areas.
There are many environment-friendly sports. Power walking is one of them that you could take up today. You don't need any special equipment except a good pair of shoes, and you don't have to worry about resources and your purse. Simple and free, power walking can also help you stay healthy. If you walk regularly, it will be good for your heart. Experts say that 20 minutes of power walking daily can make you feel less anxious, sleep well and keep thin.
Whatever sport you take up, you can make it greener than by using environment-friendly equipment and buying products made from recycled materials. But the final goal should be "green gyms." They are better replacements  for traditional health clubs and modern sports centers. Members of green gyms play sports outdoors, in the countryside or other open spaces. There is no special requirement for you to start your membership . And best of all, it's free.
The question is: The author writes the passage to  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:show us disadvantages of golf.
B:encourage us to take part in green sports.
C:explain the major sports influence of popular sports,
D:discuss different kinds of environment-friendly sport.Dear Mr. King,
Your supermarket chain is excellent in many ways. I enjoy the things you sell, such as the selection of produce   and fresh bakery items. I have been a long time supermarket shopper and hope to continue for many years. I have found, however, that I must make a separate shopping trip to one of your competitors because there are many items your store does not carry. This becomes inconvenient for me, as my time is valuable, and I do not like to make two trips. Your low prices and excellent customer service keep me coming back to your supermarket, but I would be a more satisfied customer if I could find all the items I need in one place.
To tell the truth, I have never been able to purchase nacho   cheese soup at your store. I can find other flavors   of soup, but your store does not carry nacho cheese soup, a common ingredient   in many of my recipes. In addition, I can only find large wonton wrappers  , while many other stores carry both large and small and offer a more varied selection for their customers. Another example is Regent Brand Chili Seasoning. Though it is not a leading brand, it is still common on the shelves of other grocery stores in this area and is superior in flavor to its competitors.
I sincerely hope to continue a relationship with your store, and I hope that you will consider the possibility of expanding your goods to be more competitive.
Yours truly,
Bob Watson
The question is: According to the passage, who often buy things in the supermarket?
The possible answers are:
A:Mr. King.
B:Bob Watson.
C:Regent Brand.
D:Mrs. Watson.Hi Suzie,
I have a big problem again! You know that I love to cook. Everyone says that I am the next "celebrity chef". I never miss favourite cookery shows on TV. I always like to try new recipes. Curry is one of my favourite meals. I love all the spices and that is the problem!
I am in the kitchen when the telephone rings. I answer the phone and chat for five minutes to my friend Kate. I go back to my curry, but I don't remember that the spices are already in and I add more. My curry smells delicious, but when we eat it everyone looks at me. The curry tastes very bad. My mum says, "Why is it so hot?"
Then I remember about the spices.
I'm off for a hamburger.
Love,
Mike
The question is: What is the main idea of the letter?
The possible answers are:
A:Mike's hobby
B:Suzie's hobby
C:a celebrity chef
D:a bad cooking experienceSoap operas are a kind of popular culture in America. Every weekday, lots of fans from all over the world are waiting to see their favorite soap operas.
Soap operas were first on TV in 1952. The soap opera is not about soap, and it is not an opera. It gets this name because soap companies  paid for the shows, and they tell stories just like operas do. What makes the soap operas special is that the story never ends.
There are daytime and nighttime soaps. Daytime soaps usually have more information. Nighttime soaps are usually once a week, and each _ for about an hour.
Soap operas are having a difficult time in today's TV market, but they are here to stay. Big fans will never give them up easily!
The question is: Why are soaps operas special?
The possible answers are:
A:Because fans can only watch them on weekday.
B:Because their fans come from around the world.
C:Because the story in them never comes to an end.
D:Because they are having a difficult time in the market.Joan is an American girl. She lives in China now. She is in my class. Her parents work in China, too, but her brother works in the U.S.A. He often writes letters to them. Joan likes Chinese class very much, and likes speaking Chinese with us after class. Her father teaches us English well. We all like his class. Her mother is a nurse. On Sundays, Joan goes to the People's Park with her father and mother. Sometimes she goes shopping with her mother. They like the Chinese food very much. It's a happy family.
The question is: Joan's   _   is an English teacher.
The possible answers are:
A:father
B:mother
C:brother
D:father and motherChildhood is a time of fun and games. Many people still remember when they were young, they often played games like hide-and-seek and chess. Playing teaches children how to get along with others, and it also helps to exercise the mind and body. However, children today spent most of their playing time in front of the computer, playing video games.
A recent survey found that in the   US children between 8 and 12 spent at least 13 hours a week playing video games or "gaming". Boys of this age spend even more time, almost 16 hours a week. Although some people will say that gaming is helpful, it brings many problems as well.
One big problem is that kids who spend most of their time on games might have difficulty communicating with real people. They might have trouble sharing and resolving problems because they do not practice these shills when sitting alone at a computer.
Another problem is about health. Game players usually sit for hours without doing any exercise. And they might not eat healthily. As a result, they might be out of shape.
Next, game players might have trouble with their lessons. Many of them spend more time playing games than working on their homework. In the end,  _ .
Finally, it is always possible that the gamers become addicted . Some people play four or five hours a day or even all day. This happened to a 28-year-old Korean man. He spent about 50 hours playing an online game without sleeping or eating well. He died while gaming!
This is one example of the dangers of video gaming. It tells us that video gaming, like everything else, should not be done too much. A few hours a week should not hurt, but several hours a day just might be dangerous to your health.
The question is: Children of 8 to 12 in the US spent at least   _   hours a week playing video games.
The possible answers are:
A:13
B:16
C:28
D:50A jobless man wanted very much to have the position of "office boy" at Microsoft. The HR manager interviewed him and then watched him cleaning the floor as a test. "You have passed the test," he said. "Give me your e-mail address and I'll send you the form to fill in and the date when you may start." The man replied, "But I don't have a computer, neither an e-mail." "I'm sorry," said the HR manager. "If you don't have an e-mail, that means you are not living. And anyone who isn't living cannot have the job."
The man left with no hope at all. He didn't know what to do with only $10 in his pocket. He thought and thought. Then he went to the supermarket and bought 10 kilos of tomatoes. He sold the tomatoes from door to door. In less than two hours, he had 20 dollars. He repeated the operation three times, and started to go early every day, and returned home late. Shortly, he bought a cart , then a truck, then he had his own fleet of delivery vehicles . Five years later, the man was one of the biggest food retailers    in the US.
One day, one of his friends asked him for his e-mail. He said, "I haven't got one." His friend couldn't believe his ears. "Can you imagine what you could have been if you had an e-mail?" The man thought for a while and replied, "Yes, I'd be an office boy at Microsoft!"
,.
The question is: What did the man do for the test?
The possible answers are:
A:He sent e-mails.
B:He did the cleaning
C:He sold computers.
D:He filled in forms.One day a strong cowboy was traveling on his horse when he saw a bar. He decided to stop for a few drinks, so he tied  his horse outside the bar, walked into the bar and ordered two bottles of beer. This cowboy was new in town. He looked around and noticed some people making faces to him. He guessed that they might play some tricks   on him, but he said nothing and continued to drink. After drinking, he walked out of the bar and found his horse lost.
However, he kept calm, came back into the bar, and said slowly, " I don't know what you fools did to my horse out there... but I'm leaving in five minutes, and by then if my horse isn't back where it's supposed to be, well ... I have to do here what I did in Texas!" The cowboy added, "And I don't want to do what I did in Texas!" After hearing these words, the other customers seemed a little bit frightened.
The cowboy went back to his seat and ordered another two bottles of beer. After five minutes, he walked out and found his horse tied where it was supposed to be.
Just as he was leaving, the boss of the bar came up and asked curiously   , "What was the thing that you did in Texas but you didn't want to do here?"
The cowboy turned to the boss and replied in a low voice, " I had to walk home!"
,. (5)
The question is: From the passage, we can know  _   .
The possible answers are:
A:the cowboy's look frightened the customers
B:the cowboy kept calm because he was strong
C:the cowboy also played a trick on the customers at the bar
D:The cowboy would fight with others if he couldn't find his horseDo you know the girl in a hat with flowers on it? Her name is Yinzi. She is a nice Japanese girl, my new friend. She is in our class, studying Chinese.
I like Yinzi. I don't know Japanese, and Yinzi doesn't know Chinese. We know some English. We are the same age. In the same class we have the same interests  . We like to sing Chinese, Japanese and English songs. I help her to ride a bike and fly a kite. She helps me to swim and jump. We like playing football, but we can't play in the school because the playground is small. Yinzi and the other girls in our class will go to the swimming pool on Monday, and I want to go with them.
The question is: Yinzi is good at   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:swimming and jumping
B:riding a bike
C:flying a kite
D:ChineseVisiting Mineral City!
Mineral City is an interesting place to visit. It is a beautiful little town with many old buildings.
Take a walk through the center of the town on Main Street. Look first at the Mineral City Hotel. It is on the corner of Main Street and Glenn Avenue. It is about 150 years old and people will stay there. There is an interesting old building across the street from the hotel. This was a post office. Now it is a store for books and videos. There are many places to eat on Main Street. You can get lunch or dinner in one of these places. There is a park between Main Street and Oak Street. You can sit on a bench in the park. It is nice and quiet, and you can enjoy the trees and flowers.
You can also take a walk down Glenn Avenue. Look at the old buildings and interesting little stores on this street.
The question is: .Mineral City is   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:a big city
B:a busy city
C:a beautiful town
D:an old buildingPlants are very important. This is because plants can make food from air, water and sunlight. Animals and man cannot make food from air, water and sunlight. Animals can get their food by eating plants and other animals. Man gets his food by eating plants and animals, too. So animals and man need plants to live. This is why there are so many plants around us.
There are two kinds of plants: flowering plants and non-flowering  plants. Almost all the trees around us are flowers and fruit. Non-flowering plants don't grow flowers. You can't see many non-flowering plants around you.
If you look carefully at the plants around you, you'll find that there are many kinds of plants. Some plants are very big and some very small. Most of them are green. We can live on the earth because of the plants around us.
The question is: There are   _   non-flowering plants than flowering plants around us.
The possible answers are:
A:much fewer
B:much more
C:much larger
D:much betterLife in Britain
Homes and families
Many British people live in Houses, not apartments. Most houses have gardens.
Daily life
Most office workers start work at about nine in the morning, and finish at about five or six in the afternoon. Most people don't go home for lunch, and they just have a quick meal.
School life
Children start school at about nine am, and finish at about three thirty pm. Most children have lunch at school. All children go to school when they are four or five years old, and leave when they are sixteen or seventeen.
Shops
Most shops open at about nine am and close at about six pm. Usually, they don't close for lunch.
The question is: Most offices start work at about   _   in the morning.
The possible answers are:
A:ten
B:nine
C:eight
D:sevenWhat will you do when you have something difficult to do? I used to ask my mother for help. But she always said, "Do it yourself, dear." or "God helps those who help themselves , girl." I was not glad at all. I thought she was the laziest mother in the world.
For example, one day, I decided to invite some friends to my home. My bedroom was not in order. Books were everywhere. And I didn't make the bed. I asked my mother to help me to clean it, but she still said, "Do it yourself, girl."
Because of my"lazy mother", I have to wash my clothes and clean my room. I have to help my parents do some housework. I even have to go to the dentist by myself. It is really hard for me to do everything well, but I have learned a lot.
As time goes by, I come to understand my mother. She makes me clever and active! What a great mother!
The question is: The writer has learned a lot by  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:asking her mother for help
B:doing everything by herself
C:talking with her mother often
D:inviting her friends to her houseAccident Report Form
Accident    A car hit a tree. Four people were in the car.
Weather condition   There was a heavy rain.
Cause   The driver named Li Jun drank too much.
Date of call    March 20th, 2009
Time of call    8:30 p.m.
Name of caller  A man called Zhang Wei. (He was taking a walk there at that time.)
Place   Zhongshan Road, Nanjing
Conditions of victims    Mr. Green hurt his head. Mrs. Green hurt her left leg.
Their daughter felt frightened. Their dog died.
Action  Policemen arrived at 8: 40 p.m. and sent the victims to Gulou
Hospital at 8:45 p.m.
The question is: What was the weather like that day?
The possible answers are:
A:It was sunny.
B:It was snowy
C:It was cloudy.
D:It was rainy.Ben
When I left school five years ago, I said to myself, _ No more learning for me.Now I can enjoy myself in the evening." But about a year ago the boss said, "We're going to get a computer in the near future." What does he mean? I simply don't know.Anyway, I decided to go to evening classes.I'm quite an expert  on computers now and you know, I actually enjoy studying.
Eve
I haven't much interest in studying.To be honest, I don't like reading very much, except for magazines and that sort of thing.Just reading, that is, to kill the time.But I do enjoy watching TV.Not that I watch everything.In fact, I choose my programmes very carefully.I'm particularly interested in current affairs .In some ways I think I learn more in this way than I did at school.
Ted
I'm a very different sort of person-I simply love doing things.That's why I enjoy sports so much.I mean, actually playing.I hardly ever watch it on TV, but I do read quite a bit about it.I'm even interested in the history of sports.I don't have much time for anything else, except that I quite like dancing.Some people say I'm not very good at it, though.
Joan
I should say I have great interest in studying.I'd rather do this than anything else.Since I left school.I've taken courses in all sorts of things.I go to the city library once a week, but I much prefer evening classes because it's more fun that way.My latest "craze "-if you can call it that -is foreign languages.I'm learning two, not one!
The question is: The sentence "That's that!" means   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:Ben thinks he never need to learn
B:Ben wants to learn that
C:Ben would like to go on studying
D:Ben will learn from othersA woman repeated a bit of gossip  about a neighbor. Within a few days, the whole village knew the story. The person she talked about was deeply hurt and angry.
Later, the woman spreading the rumor  learned that it was completely untrue. She was very sorry and went to a wise man to find out what she could do to repair the harm.
"Go to the marketplace," he said, "buy a chicken, and have it killed. Then on your way home, pick its feathers and drop them one by one along the road." Although surprised by this advice, the woman did what she was told.
The next day the wise man said, "Now, go and collect all those feathers you dropped yesterday and bring them back to me."
The woman followed the same road, but she was so _ when she found the wind had blown the feathers all away. After searching for hours, she returned with only three in her hand.
"You see," said the wise man, "it's easy to drop them, but it is impossible to get them all back. So it is the same with gossip. It doesn't take much to spread a rumor, but once you do, you can never completely undo( ) the wrong."
The question is: What did the wise man tell the women to do?
The possible answers are:
A:Kill a chicken.
B:Drop the feathers of a chicken.
C:Collect the feathers of a chicken.
D:All above.Everybody is afraid of something. More than 2500 children told us what they were afraid of. Some don't like the darkness. Some hate bad dreams and scary movies . And some of them want to run away from dogs and snakes.
Tom, 11, is afraid of the darkness because he worries that someone might
his house.
10-year-old Kathy said he was afraid of thunderstorms  and the sound at night.
The worst thing about the afraid feeling is that we don't know how to deal with it. Here are three ways to help children feel better.
1. Do something interesting in your free time.
2. Talk to your parents about your feeling.
3. Talk to a close friend.
,. (5)
The question is: From the passage, we know Kathy is afraid of    _    at night.
The possible answers are:
A:rain
B:living alone
C:staying outside
D:the soundThis is a teacher's family . The father's name is Lake Smith . He's forty - four . The mother's name is Kate Smith . She's forty - two . The Smiths have a son , Jim , and a daughter , Ann . Jim is fourteen , and Ann is twelve . The son looks like his father , and the daughter looks like her mother . They are all in No.4 Middle School here . But the Smiths are teachers ; the son and daughter are students .
The question is: --Are Jim and Ann in the same school ?    --  _   .
The possible answers are:
A:No , they aren't
B:They are in different schools
C:Yes , they are
D:They are in the same schoolMary is getting married next Saturday.Today she asks her best friend Lucy to shop for clothes to wear at the wedding.'So what are we looking for, Mary,' Lucy asks.
'Well, my parents want me to wear a traditional Chinese dress, but I prefer a more modern style.I think I'll buy two dresses and wear them at different times on my wedding day.' Mary answers.The girls look in many shops.At one shop, Mary tries on a Chinese-style dress.'I like it,' Lucy says.'Red is a very strong color and represents love and prosperity  for Chinese weddings.I think your parents will be pleased. '
Mary does not look happy.'I don't think I look good in red. I think it makes me look too od. What about this blue one?' 'Well, that's a nice dre ss too, but blue is a calm color.It could help you feel calm, but I think you want a happier color for your wedding.If you don't like red, what about orange? It represents joy and it is a good color for weddings,' Lucy explains.
After listening to Lucy's opinions, Mary says, 'Even though the orange dress would be the best for my wedding because it represents joy, I'll choose the red dress because it will remind my mother of her own wedding and will make her happy.'
The question is: What is the passage about?
The possible answers are:
A:Different colors for different situations.
B:How color affects one's moods.
C:Mary's choice for a wedding dress.
D:Mary's and her mother's preferences.The Guinness  World Records Museum address:329 Alamo Plaza, San Antonio, TX 78205
Open Hours:
From September to May :10 am to 7 pm Sunday through Thursday
10 am to 10 pm Friday and Saturday
From June to August: 10 am to 10 pm Sunday through Thursday
10 am to Midnight Friday and Saturday
Adult single: $ 14.95 for 2 attractions, $18.95 for any 4 attractions, $22.95 for all attractions
Child(4~12)Single: $8.95 for 2 attractions ,$11.95 for any 4 attraction, $14.95 for all attractions
In the museum you can enter the different exhibition halls you see below. In each of these halls you can see the world records of different kinds . Sometimes you may get a chance to do something so that you can know better how a record was set.
The question is: According to the advertisement, sometimes visitors to the museum   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:will surely meet one who set a record
B:may set a world record of their own
C:may see someone setting a record
D:can experience how a record was setCan you understand the following words?
"Long time no see."
"Good good study, day day up."
"I like your smile, but unlike you put your shoes on my face."
Yes, we call these examples Chinglish, like "people mountain, people sea".
Chinglish usually means English vocabulary with Chinese grammar on street signs or products. However, many English speaking tourists love them. Tom has been living in Beijing for years. "I think many Chinese people dislike Chinglish. But I love it. It's quite interesting. I think if the translations of English in China are all perfect, something will be lost from Chinese culture."  However, Chinglish will probably become a part of history in future. Beijing has made a plan to correct Chinglish within five years. "It is so funny to see Chinglish on the signs. And they are a kind of trouble for communication between the Chinese and foreigners," a Beijinger said.
However, some people in China like Chinglish. They think that English has "borrowed" a lot from other languages such as German, French and Spanish in the past, and now as Chinese's turn.
The question is: What does Tom think about Chinglish?
The possible answers are:
A:It shows Chinese are popular.
B:It is hated by all foreign tourists.
C:It helps him to learn English well.
D:It is also a part of Chinese culture.There is a zoo named Zhongshan in our city. There are many animals. Some animals are very friendly. But some other animals are not. Tigers, lions and some snakes are dangerous . That's why they must be in cages . But I don't think it's good for animals to be in cages. They need to be free. The animals in cages cannot be happy.
Tigers usually live in forests and mountains . They are strong and can run very fast . They run after and eat small animals like rabbits and deer , but now they are in small cages. They have nothing to do every day. So they walk around in the cages, and they want to come out. When they are tired, they sleep. I am kind of sorry for them.
The question is: Where do tigers usually live?
The possible answers are:
A:In cages.
B:In forests and mountains
C:In the zoo.
D:In small rooms.Have you ever heard of Jinjiang Hotel? It is on our busiest street. It's the best place to live in if you  travel here. The hotel is only 0.5 kilometer from the biggest supermarket and the subway.
It has three kinds of rooms  for different people to use. The first kind is standard room, that is two beds with a bathroom. It offers you the air conditioner, the television and the telephone. Second is the single room, that has only one bed. Though it has only one bed, you can enjoy yourself, for the bed is really comfortable and the environment is really good. The last one we call commercial room. That is  served for businessmen. The commercial room has the best quality. It also provides 24-hour hot water. You can have free tea in the afternoon. Imagine how nice as you drink tea as talking about your business with your partners. If you want to eat something, please just call 123, the food will arrive in ten minutes.
One great thing is that it is very safe here because we have a few strong guards working day and night, so I'm sure you will have a great time living here.
The question is: What kind of room is used for business?
The possible answers are:
A:Single room
B:Standard room
C:Commercial room
D:Dining room.The first ever trans-Atlantic telephone call was made from New York City to London in 1927. In keeping with this spirit, we'd like to tell you some of our other communication records:
* Most spammed person 
Microsoft chairman William H.Gates III(the U.S.A.)receives up to four million spams each day. However, with the help of all the people who are working in Microsoft and anti-spam technology, only around ten spares reach his inbox per day.
* Earliest e-mail
In l971,Ray Tomlinson,an engineer at the computer company, and Newman in Cambridge, Massachusetts, the U.S.A. sent the first e-mail.At first it was an experiment to see if he could get two computers to exchange a message.(It was Ray who decided to use the @ symbol to separate the other's name from their location. The first e-mail message was "QWERTYUIOP")
* Largest LAN party
The largest LAN(Local Area Network)party was made up of 8531 unique computers and 9184 members in Sweden from 30 November to 2 December 2006.
* Most telephone books torsi in three minutes
Tina Shelton tore 21 telephone books at last, each with l028 numbered pages in a time of three minutes in California, the U.S.A. on 9 February 2007.
The question is: Who is the person that receives up to four million e-mail spams each day?
The possible answers are:
A:William H. Gates III.
B:Ray Tomlinson
C:Newman
D:Tina SheltonTom comes from Australia. He is now staying in Beijing with his family. Every day he gets up at about six thirty and has breakfast at seven o'clock. Then he leaves home at seven fifteen. He gets to school at seven forty- five. His first class begins at eight. There are four lessons in the morning. Morning classes are over at eleven fifty, and he has lunch ten minutes later.
Afternoon classes begin at one thirty. There are two lessons in the afternoon. They are over at three ten. Tom stays at school for another hour to play games, and he gets home at about four thirty.
Tom usually has supper at six. In the evening he does his homework. Sometimes he watches TV. He goes to bed at about ten.
The question is: Tom usually has lunch at   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:11: 50
B:12: 00
C:12: 10
D:12: 20If you get into the forest with your friends, stay with them always. If you don't, you may get lost. If you really get lost, this is what you should do. Sit down and stay where you are. Don't try to find your friends--let them find you by staying in one place.
There is another way to help your friends or other nearby people to find you. Give them a signal by shouting or whistling three times. Any signal given three times is a call for help. Keep up shouting or whistling always three times together. When people hear you, they will know that you are not just making noise for fun. They will let you know that they have heard your signal. They give you two shouts, two whistles, or two gunshots . When someone gives you a signal, it is an answer to a call for help.
If you don't think that you will get help before night comes, try to make a little house--cover up the holes with branches with lots of leaves. Make yourself a soft bed with leaves and grass.
What should you do if you get hungry or need drinking water? You would have to leave your little house to look for a river. Don't just walk away. Pick off small branches and drop them as you walk so that you can find your way back. The most important thing to do when you are lost is to stay in one place.
The question is: If you are lost in the forest, you should  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:stay where you are and give signals three times
B:walk around the forest and shout so that your friends could hear you
C:try to find your friends as soon as possible
D:try to get out of the forest and shout for helpI have two good friends .They are Peter and Gina .Here are two photos .The first one is a photo of Peter's family , and the next one is a photo of Gina's room .
In the first photo , you can see four people . They are Peter's parents , Peter and his sister .Peter's father is a teacher . And his mother is a teacher too .Can you see the boy on the bed ? That's Peter . A red hat is on his head .Who is the girl ? Oh , she is Peter's sister . Her name is Nancy .
In the next photo , you can see a tidy room . It's Gina's room . A blue desk , a yellow chair , a green bookcase and a white bed are in it . A computer and some CDs are on the desk .Her red schoolbag is on the chair .A dictionary is on the bed . Gina's room is very clean and tidy .
The question is: .Where is Peter in the first photo ?
The possible answers are:
A:he is on the sofa
B:He is on the chair
C:He is on the bed
D:He is under the deskA few minutes before six o'clock, Mr. Smith decided to leave. He was about to start the car when a gunman jumped up from the back seat. He held a gun to Mr. Smith's head. "Drive me to Paris!" he shouted.
"All right", Mr. Smith answered. He started the engine, pulled away from the side of the street and drove down. Being eighty-one years old, he knew he could not fight the gunman. He knew he needed help. Where were the police? As he drove through a crossing, he looked up and down the side streets, hoping to meet a police car. But he could see nothing. "Just my luck," he thought, "If I was driving too fast, there would be a police car on every corner."
Suddenly he pushed his foot down on the accelerator , and the car ran much faster. "What are you doing?" shouted the gunman. "Keeping off the police," Mr. Smith answered. "I thought I saw a police car back there."
He ran lights, drove the wrong way on one-way streets. On two-way streets he drove on the wrong side of the road. Not one policeman saw him. Again Mr. Smith's plan was not working. He had to try a new plan. He turned a corner and saw the police station in front. Then he drove his car as fast as he could towards the police gate. The car hit a police motorbike down and stopped. Mr. Smith shouted, "Help! Help!" Then he reached back to grab  the man's gun. At the same time the policeman heard the noise and quickly caught the gunman.
The question is: Why did Mr. Smith drive much faster suddenly?
The possible answers are:
A:Because he wanted to keep off the police.
B:Because he saw a police car behind his.
C:Because his plan was working.
D:Because he wanted the police to see him.Yucai Middle School will have a School Day on Friday.Students don't need to have any classes.Instead,they are going to do a lot of things for fun.Here is a poster for it.
The most wonderful game of the year
Meet our school basketball stars
Basketball Court 3:00 p.m.-- 5:00 p.m.
Tel:375 -- 7682
 Water Sports
It's really cool!
Xingsha Beach The whole afternoon
Tel:375 -- 7442
Talent Show
Are you good at singing,dancing,acting or playing the guitar?
Come and show yourself!
Music Hall 7:00 p.m.-- 9:00 p.m.
Tel:375 -- 9876
Chess is fun!
Different kinds of chess
Who will win at last?
Chess Club  8:00 a.m.-- 10:30 a.m.1:00 p.m.-- 3:30 p.m.
Tel:375 -- 7465
For further information,please call the school office.Just do it! Enjoy yourself!
The question is: You can have water sports   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:at Xingsha Beach
B:at the music hall
C:at the basketball court
D:at the chess clubA science book gives facts. Some science books tell us about animals. Some tell us about plants. Some tell us about outer space. This page tells us about animals.
Do you know that not only the fish but also some animals live in the sea? For example, the whale is not a fish. It can't breathe in the water. It swims in the water. But it comes up for air.
The blue whale is the world's biggest animal. There are other sea animals, too. One is called the dolphin. Dolphins need air to live. They breathe air, as whales do. Dolphins are very clever. They sometimes seem to speak to each other.
Many other animals live near the sea. Seals and otters love the sea. They swim and play there. They eat fish and sea plants. Seals and otters have thick fur. The fur keeps them warm.
The question is: The blue whales live in the sea. They breathe air as   _  do.
The possible answers are:
A:dolphins
B:fish
C:crocodiles
D:sea plantsIt's Sunday. There are many people in the bus. And an old man is looking here and there. He wants to find an empty seat . Then he finds one. He goes to it. A small bag is on the seat. And a young man is sitting beside it.
"Is this seat empty?" asks the old man.
"No, it's for a woman. She goes to buy some bananas." Says the young man.
"Well," says the old man, "Let me sit here please. When she comes back, I will  leave here."
The bus starts .
"She doesn't come, but her bag is here. Let me give her the bag." Then the old man throws the bag out of the bus window.
The young man jumps up and shouts, "Don't throw! It's my bag!"
The question is: The old man finds an empty seat. He goes there and finds there is   _   on it.
The possible answers are:
A:a man
B:woman
C:a bag
D:a coatI had never really liked reading and thought it was a waste of time. But once my teacher told our class to go to the library and find our favorite books. I love basketball, so I picked out a basketball book. It was called "Hoops" by Water Dean Myers. It is a good novel, and suitable for basketball lovers.
This story is about a high school ball player named Lonnie. Lonnie lives in a poor family in Harlem, New York. He is a good basketball player and dreams of playing basketball in college, and of course in the NBA. When Cal, his new coach, walks into his life, he just wants to keep away from him. But at last they become friends and face many challenges together.
I am now reading more of Walter Dean Myers' books. A lot of his books are about growing up in Harlem, just like he did. However, I like "Hoops" best. From Lonnie, you will learn that the people around you really affect who you are, and how much it helps to have the support of family and friends in your life.
This book also makes me think about how hard it would be to grow up in a rough  neighborhood. I have realized that we must believe in ourselves when life gets hard. I have learned a lot from this book, and I think anyone will learn much after reading it.
It is a good story, and I really suggest that everyone read it. I hope you will enjoy this book as much as I do.
The question is: "Hoops" is a book about   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:the NBA
B:college life
C:growing up
D:having a hobbyMark Black is my good friend. He is English. He has a yellow bike. His bike number is 9075. His mother has a black car. The number is CA3566. His father has a black car, too. The number is CA3567.
The question is: Mr Black's car number is  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:9075
B:9076
C:CA3566
D:CA3567Alice: Good morning, Bob.
Bob: Good morning, Alice.
Alice: Bob, this is Grace.
Bob: Hi, Grace.
Grace: Hi, Bob.
Alice: Oh, what is that?
Bob: It's my green key.
Alice: What's this?
Bob: It is a ruler.
Alice: Is it your   ruler?
Bob: No. My ruler is red. This ruler is blue.
Alice: Grace, is it your ruler?
Grace: Oh no. It is Frank's ruler.
Alice:40 .
The question is: "40 "  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:It's your ruler.
B:Thank you.
C:No, it's my ruler.
D:It's a pen.It was 8:40 in the evening and I was at Starbucks -- Plaza Singapura,the place we are going to meet.I was 20 minutes before meeting time.It is not polite to be late for a date  for the first time anyway.I waited,looking at the people coming and going.I was daydreaming about today's soccer match I played and started thinking about life and soccer.Life is like soccer.You never know when you are going to get hit by the ball in your face.You have to live!
As I was trying to relax myself,I felt her appearance -- the smell,I can never forget.I looked up and saw her smiling and making her way towards me.She was pretty-looking and she was in fashion .I stood there watching her coming.A bright color T-shirt with a beautiful skirt.Wow,I really love girls wearing skirts.It makes them look more attractive and natural.
"Sorry I am late."
"No,it's OK.I am just early myself."
"So what film are we going to see?"
"It's OK,we will check it out later,and anyway what matters most is whom I am going to see it with,not the show."
The question is: What do you know from their dialogue?
The possible answers are:
A:The girl likes seeing films very much.
B:The man has two tickets in his pocket.
C:The girl felt sorry for her being late.
D:The man was good at expressing himself.Tom likes to talk much but his father doesn't want him to speak when they have their meals.One day,when they have supper,Tom wants to say something,but he doesn't say.His father sees it and asks him,"Well,my boy.What's it?""Are flies   good to eat,Father?"asks Tom."No,"says his father,"Why do you ask that?""You have one on your food and you have swallowed   it."
The question is: Tom likes  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:to play with his father
B:to have meals with his father
C:to talk at any time
D:to eat fliesSan Russell is not your average  baseball fan. He is a die-hard Boston Red Sox fan. He has a season ticket and he arranges his work schedule so he does not miss a game. San also attends game dressed in their uniform, and his car is red. He has even lost some friends by choosing to watch the Red Sox instead of going to their weddings. Is this healthy behavior?
Although Russell's case is extreme, being a sports fan can be healthy for you. According to a study at the University of Kansan in the USA, sports fans suffer from depression less than people who are not interested in sports, fans also experience other effects from watching their team play. When their team wins a game, their own confidence and happiness increase, just like the athletes. Losing, on the other hand, always leads to some sense of disappointment.
What about die-hard fans whose team always loses? The team spirit keeps those fans from losing hope. Knowing that other fans are probably feeling the same way also helps them. In addition, there is always the hope that their team will win the next game. Russell has lost some friends because of his love for baseball and although you may think that would make him unhappy, he has made many more new friends because of his team spirit.
For Sam Russell, supporting the Red Sox is not just a hobby; it is a way of life and the secret of his happiness.
The question is: From the reading we can infer that a die-hard fan  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:goes to a game without caring for work
B:prefers going to a game to a friend's wedding
C:suffers from more depression than ordinary people
D:is not willing to help other fansThe city zoo bought a new kangaroo    from Australia. It was famous for jumping very high. The zoo keeper was worried that the kangaroo would run away. He built special walls around it.
But the next morning, people found that the animal was playing around outside. So the zoo keeper made the height of the walls 5 metres. But the kangaroo got out again the following day. The zoo keeper felt very angry, so he made the walls as high as lo metres, but the kangaroo still got out.
"How high do you think he'll keep on building the walls?" a giraffe asked the kangaroo.
"I don't know," said the kangaroo. "Maybe they'll reach 300 metres. It all depends on whether he remembers to lock the gate."
The question is: What do you think of this zoo keeper?
The possible answers are:
A:Clever.
B:Careful.
C:Kind.
D:Careless.I used to live in Kobe in Japan. On my way home on the bus every evening I used to look for an old man who often played his saxophone   near the river. I couldn't hear his music because the windows were closed on the bus but I imagined it to be loud and clear. I wanted to be like that man.
One night I went to Himeji, a city not far from Kobe. As I walked with my family along the river I saw a statue. It was a young man who looked just like me. He was wearing a cap and smiling. Around his neck was a leather strap   and in his hands was a saxophone. He was lifting the saxophone to his lips and he was just about to play. I stayed there for a long time by the statue dreaming of playing a saxophone on TV.
Two weeks later it was my birthday. Imagine my joy when I opened my present from my parents and found that it was a saxophone! I put it to my lips to play, but it wouldn't make a sound. Then Dad told me to read the instruction book to find out what to do. After about 15 minutes the saxophone was ready to play. I raised it slowly to my lips as my family watched. But still there was no sound. I blew and blew but I couldn't get the saxophone to play. I was almost crying when suddenly the saxophone made the most beautiful sound--loud and clear like I imagined the music of the man by the river in Kobe. I blew again, I moved my fingers on the saxophone and I made more sounds. I was happy because I was playing very interesting sounds. But I wasn't playing music yet.
Then came the lessons. Night after night, week after week my teacher made me practice. Slowly I started to improve and at last there came the magic day when I started to play music. Now I'm in the TV studio with my saxophone strapped to my neck and my cap on my head. I'm always thinking of the man by the river in Kobe and the statue smiling at me in Himeiji. I'm a happy man.
The question is: On the bus, the writer couldn't   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:find an old man with a saxophone
B:see a river
C:hear the old man's music
D:imagine the soundI entered a university after years of hard study. I thought my life would be full of happiness and knowledge. But my life in the university is not as what I had expected. Then I became lazy and silent, even puzzled  . I don't know what my future would be like.
Four years in the university is only a short period. And a half of it has passed already. This year, many people, such as my parents and my friends, asked me what I wanted to do and they all told me to make a plan for my life with their thought. I don't want to take their advice. I want my own style. So I think carefully.
I have been a young volunteer for five years. It has been a happy time and it is a big thing for me. Then I have a dream to join the University Student Volunteer Go West Program. I think I can be a teacher in the west. I would like to devote my life to helping the children there. I want to make the world a better place for them. To make it come true, I will work harder in the next two years. There is an old saying "Where there is a will, there is a way". I think my dream will come true in the near future.
At last, I want to say to everybody, "Try your best to realize your dreams, no matter how big or small they are. The path to dream may not be smooth and wide. Even there are some difficulties you will face. But hold on to the end, you can find there is no greater happiness than making our dream come true."
The question is: What is the writer?
The possible answers are:
A:A teacher.
B:A doctor.
C:A college student.
D:A reporter.One day, Mr Smith is going to take a train to his hometown. When the train starts, one of his shoes falls to the ground. The train is going faster and faster, and he can't pick it up. Then he quickly takes off the other shoe and throw it on the ground near the fallen  shoe. A little boy on the train asks him, "Why do you do that? You have lost  one shoe. "Mr Smith answers, " If a man picks them up, he may get a pair of shoes. "
The question is: What happens  to Mr Smith when the train starts? He lost  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:his bag
B:his watch
C:one of his shoes
D:nothingJ.K. Rowling is the writer of Harry Potter, which is now one of the bestsellers in the world.
J.K. Rowling was born in Bristol on July 31st, 1965. She has one sister who is two years younger than her. Both girls loved listening to their father reading bedtime stories to them. They especially loved stories about magical worlds. Rowling wrote her first story, called Rabbit, at the age of six.
After she graduated from the university, Rowling worked as a translator   in London. During this time, on a long train trip in the summer of 1990, the idea came to her of a boy who has magic but doesn't know it. In 1992 Rowling began to teach English. She lived with her baby daughter, Jessica, and spent much time finishing the first Harry Potter book for young readers. It appeared in June 1997. To her surprise, the book was greatly successful. The film came out in November 2001. Now Harry Potter series   is popular with people of all ages and about 60 million books were sold in 200 countries.
Why has the series been so successful? There are a few things. Many other magical stories take place in faraway lands or in past or future times. But Harry lives in modern   England. He's also a very normal   boy: polite, friendly, brave and clever. So when other children read about Harry,  they can imagine being like him.
J.K. Rowling is very happy with the success, and she is now busy finishing the whole series of seven books. She's writing full time and she's really enjoying life. She says she will go on living a normal life with her daughter and writing children's books.
The question is: How is Harry Potter series different from other magical stories?
The possible answers are:
A:There are magical things.
B:The stories happened in the modern world.
C:It has seven books.
D:It took much time to finish.Can animals do work for us? Some scientists think that animals may do a lot of jobs. They say that we may see many elephants, monkeys, dogs, bears and other animals do a lot of things. Animals can get something to eat if  they do some work for people.
Some scientists say that many different animals may do lots of jobs if they know they will get something to eat. Of course, dogs can guard a house, and elephants can do some heavy jobs. And we can also teach animals to work in factories. In America apes  can help people make cars. Scientists believe that these big monkeys may drive cars.
The question is: What jobs can elephants do?
The possible answers are:
A:Doing heavy jobs.
B:Guarding a house
C:Making cars
D:Driving carsFor many people of Norway ,skiing  is the best way to have fun in winter. Almost everyone can ski. Children learn to ski after they learn to walk. Long long ago in Norway ,there were no buses, trains or cars. People had to find a way to walk over the deep snow. Skis were the right answer!
Although they love winter, the people of Norway are also happy to see summer come. They enjoy the out-door activities at any time of the year. In summer they swim and sunbathe near the beach. Some people go hiking and go mountain climbing. Sail-boating is also very popular during the warm sunny summer months.
The Norwegians , like people everywhere, find many in-door ways to have a good time. During the long winter they also enjoy movies. They like to read books from the libraries in all seasons . Family life is very important to the people of Norway.
The question is: Which sentence is right?
The possible answers are:
A:Norwegians like winter, but they don't like summer.
B:Norwegians don't think family life is very important.
C:Norwegians also like indoor activities.
D:Norwegians don't like indoor activities.Has a doctor ever given you a note to take to the chemist for some medicine? Are you able to read the note easily? Some doctors write clearly , but most doctors do not. Chemists  have more chances to read doctors' notes, but sometimes doctors write so badly that even the chemist can't read them.
One day a lady wrote to a doctor inviting him to have dinner at her house. The doctor wrote an answer, but he didn't write clearly and the lady couldn't read it.
"What shall I do?" she said to her husband, "I don't know whether he is coming or not. I don't want to give him a telephone call and say that I can't read his writing."
Her husband thought a moment, then he had an idea.
"Thank you," said his wife. "That's a very good idea."
She went to the chemist's shop and gave the doctor's note to the chemist. The chemist looked at it very carefully. Then he said politely, "Could you wait a moment, madam?" He went to the back of the shop. After a few minutes he returned carrying a large bottle. He gave the bottle to the lady and said, "Three times a day and one spoonful at a time."
The question is: . The husband thought   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:the chemist could give them answer
B:the letter was for the chemist
C:the chemist would give them the right medicine
D:the chemist couldn't read, eitherMy best friend and I made our first trip to Ireland less than a year ago. I wasn't very excited about it at the very beginning. But my uncle wanted me to visit Ireland and offered to pay for my trip. Then I did. All of the words "magical, charming and memorable" don't even describe what Ireland is. Our favourites were Kilkenny, Cobh and Killarney. We did a self-driver tour.
We stayed in a castle in Dublin for two days, where my ancestors  came from. The town we thought we might be bored in was Kilkenny, but we loved every minute we were there. There were so many places to explore and the pictures we took were beautiful.
It was so exciting to see the little village of Cobh and know it was the last stop for the Titanic(a famous ship) at that time. We loved the visitor centre there and the little shops. We never got any bad food there. It was so mouth-watering at every stop! And when we stayed in Westmeath, we saw the Trim Castle through the windows and found some scenes from Brave Heart which was filmed there. We were so excited. Again, more beautiful pictures were taken in that tiny town.
We love the country, the people, the food and the magic. We would go back very soon. I was so thankful for my uncle who had given me the chance to be there.
I have no words to _ describe our trip. Go, explore the small villages, eat and enjoy! I still look at my pictures and can't believe I was actually there.
The question is: Where does the article most probably come from?
The possible answers are:
A:A scientific fiction.
B:A tourist magazine.
C:A poem.
D:A poster.One day, when I arrived at school, an ice cream truck was parked in the schoolyard. Ice cream men usually drove their trucks to primary schools. I had never thought one ice cream truck would come to bring ice cream to us older kids. When I went up to the truck, I was quite surprised to hear the man call out, "Free ice cream!" To make sure of his words, I asked, "I'm sorry, what did you say?" "Free ice cream. Choose whichever you like." he said, smiling.
After I was certain that the man was just giving away the ice cream, I talked with him for a long time. He told me that his dream had always been to travel around giving away ice cream, and that's what he was now doing. With his mother's support, he kept doing what he loved even during hard times. Now, however, some large companies are helping him his plan.
The man said he wanted to encourage people to do exactly what their heart told them to do with their lives. I kept asking him, "So your dream was just to drive around and give away ice cream? It seems like a very unusual goal." "Yes, just meeting people and making them smile," he replied. At that point he handed me my ice cream. I thanked him, but what I got from him was much more than just an ice cream. It can't easily be explained in words. I believe what he is doing is exactly what a great person does all the time: small acts of big love.
The question is: Why did the writer ask the ice cream man what he had said again?
The possible answers are:
A:Because he was not sure whether what he had heard was true.
B:Because the ice cream truck had never been here before.
C:Because the ice cream man said in a low voice and he couldn't hear.
D:Because he didn't pay attention to the ice cream truck."Listen carefully to what I say,"  the time traveler said, "I shall tell you something that you will not agree."
"Why will we not agree?" I asked.
"Because the science and mathematics you know are not correct,"  he said. "You believe there are only three dimensions -length, breadth  and thickness."
"There is nothing to argue with that, "  the youngest member of our little group said.
"Exactly!"  the time traveler answered, "But there is also a fourth dimension - time."
"We all know about time, " another member of the group said. "Time passed."
"I do not agree,"  the time traveler said, "Length, breadth and thickness do not pass. They stay in the same place in space.  We move about them. I can prove that time is the same. It does not pass. We move in time the same way that we move in breadth, length and thickness."
None of us believed the time traveler, and we argued with him for many hours.
"If we could travel back in time,"  the scientist said, "We could do things to change the future."
"If we could travel forward in time," the doctor  said, "we could do things that change our present."
The time traveler smiled, "It is clear," he said, "that there is only one way I can show you that I am right. We must do an experiment. Please wait here."
He left the room and soon returned, carrying what looked like a clock.
"This is a model of a time machine. It took me two years to make it," the time traveler said. "I want all of you to understand that when I start the machine, it will immediately travel in time and disappear from the present."
He turned to the youngest of all. "Give me your hand," he said.
The young man put out his hand. The time traveler took it and placed it on the machine. Immediately, there was a sudden wind, and the little machine disappeared.
I was certain this was not a trick, but the doctor was not so sure.
"Are you asking us to believe," he said, "that the machine is now in a different time?"
"Certainly! In my laboratory, a full-size machine is almost complete. As soon as it is complete, I shall send myself on a journey through time. Would you like to see my machine?"
"Are you serious about this?" the doctor asked.
"I have never been more serious about anything," the time traveler said, "Come."
We followed him to his laboratory. There, we saw the actual machine, not quite complete, but large enough for a man to sit in.
The question is: What can we infer  from the passage about the time traveler?
The possible answers are:
A:He believed that they could move in time.
B:He was playing a trick on a group of people.
C:He sent the young man to the future in the model time machine.
D:He would possibly send himself on a journey through time.In modern society there is a great deal of argument about competition. Some value it highly, believing that it is responsible  for social progress. Others say that competition is bad; that it sets one person against another; that it leads to unfriendly relationship between people.
I have taught many children who held the belief that their self-worth depended on how well they performed at tennis and other skills. For them, playing well and winning are often life-and-death affairs . The development of many other human qualities is sadly forgotten.
However, while some seem to be lost in the desire to succeed, others take an opposite attitude. In a culture which values only the winner and pays no attention to the common players, they are strongly against competition. Most of them are young people who have suffered under competitive pressures from their parents or society. Teaching these youngsters, I often observe  in them a desire to fail. They seem to find failure by not trying to win or achieve success. By not trying, they always have an excuse: " I may have lost, but it doesn't matter because I really didn't try." What is not usually accepted by themselves is the belief that if they had really tried and lost, that would mean a lot. Such a loss would be a measure  of their worth. Clearly, this belief is the same as that of true competitors who try to prove themselves. Both are based on the mistaken belief that one's self-worth depends on how well one performs in the competition. Both are afraid of not being valued. We can discover a new meaning in competition only as this kind of fear begins to disappear.
The question is: What is the similar belief of the true competitors and those with a desire to fail?
The possible answers are:
A:One's worth lies in his performance in the competition.
B:One's success in competition needs great efforts.
C:One's achievement is decided by his special skills.
D:One's success is based on how hard he has tried.House For Sale
Red Rose Garden, Pudong
3-storey home. 509 sqm total land area. 428.8 sqm built-in. 312.9 sqm garden.
Asking for RMB 13 million.
MP: 13761973547     Tel: 021-58609228      Fax: 021-58609728
Job Wanted
Cherry, 24, a shining girl, good at oral English and Putonghua. Now I am working at an international trade company in Guangzhou. I am kind-hearted, hard-working and healthy, and would like part-time weekend work offering Putonghua lessons to foreign friends. If you are interested, please email me at cherrylf@hotmail. com.
Beijing Snow World Ski Park
Price: 18 yuan (Ticket).
50 yuan/hour on weekdays and 70 yuan/hour on weekends. 120 yuan/four hours on weekdays and 190 yuan/four hours on weekends.
The question is: If an Australian student wants to learn Chinese, he or she can   _   .
The possible answers are:
A:call 021-58609228
B:fax 021-58609728
C:call 010-69191617
D:email cherrylf@hotmail. com.Tom was a college  student. He often made excuses not to attend classes. Also he spent much of his free time playing computer games. He never went to the library to study.
How time flew! At the end of the term, there was an important thing--the final exam . He was afraid of it. "What should I do?" Tom walked up and down in the room the day before the exam. He was so nervous. Suddenly, he thought of an idea.
The next morning, Tom went into the exam room very early. He found a young man and took a seat next to him. "Hey you!" Tom greeted. "What?" The young man asked.
"Can you help me?" Tom said politely. "Please let me copy your paper during the exam." When hearing his words, the young man just smiled but said nothing.
When the bell rang, the young man stood up and came to the front, saying "It is the time for the final exam. Now I will hand out the papers to all of you and collect them in one hour." Tom sat there with his mouth wide open.
The question is: What did Tom want to do the early next morning?
The possible answers are:
A:He wanted to take the front seat.
B:He asked the other one to let him copy the paper
C:He would like to finish his paper carefully
D:He wanted to be polite to others.Dear Frank,
Thank you for your email. I'm very glad you are having a good trip now. Ottawa is very beautiful in May. I hope I can have a chance  to go there one day. Our summer holiday will start next month. I like my summer holiday, although it's hot at that time in America. In summer holiday, I can swim in the sea and go fishing. It's so cool. And I am going to our hometown near Chicago with my sister, Linda, and my parents agree .Our uncle lives there, so Linda and I can stay with him. We are not going to take a plane. We are going there by train. I am going to fish there. And Linda likes painting. She is going to do some painting there. I'm sure we'll have a good time.
Sincerely,
Jack
The question is: Jack and Linda are going to live in the home of  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:their friend's
B:their teacher's
C:their uncle's
D:their grandparents'JOLIN Tsai  , a famous singer, has become an English teacher! But she is not staying in a classroom to give you talks in English.Instead, she has published   a new book, "Jolin's English Diary Book".It came out in Taiwan in March.Jolin is helping you learn English in a _ way and give you useful words for life outside your textbooks.
"I hope it's a happy English book," she said, "When you learn English in a fun way, you will keep on doing it." This certainly doesn't mean just reciting   words.Jolin has a lot of clever ways of learning.She likes to listen to English songs or find friends to talk to in English.She has been good at English since Grade 3 in primary school  .Because of this, she hosted   news programme on the radio herself.
Jolin knows it's important to put English to good use.So, in her English diaries, she wrote something about her everyday life, like study, fashion  , travel and family.After each diary, she gives you lots of notes.You can use them often, too! Jolin also asks you to keep diaries like hers.
The question is: She has been good at English  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:since she became a famous singer
B:since she was in Grade 3
C:since she was in college
D:since she was 3 years oldGrace and I are good friends. We get on very well with each other, though sometimes we fight. I remember last year we didn't talk with each other for a long time before Mid-Autumn Day. But when we met each other that day, we became good friends again.
We both study well. We like talking about the problems in our studies.We also like making up  stories.We made one up in English last month. It was called "Magic Sunflower Club".  I think this is a wonderful name.
Grace is tall and active. She does better in  P.E. than me.  She is good at music. She plays the piano so well that sometimes birds come to listen to her.
I'm shorter and quieter than Grace. I know a lot about science. I often have some new ideas. I'm good at math and art. Our teacher says my drawing is getting better and better. If we don't know something very well, we help each other. So we never have any problems.
The question is: Last year they became good friends again  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:on Mid-Autumn Day
B:the day before Mid-Autumn Day
C:the day after Mid-Autumn Day
D:two days before Mid-Autumn DayWhen you are in England, you must   be very careful   in the streets because the traffic goes on the left. Before you cross the street, you must look to the right first and then the left.
If the traffic lights are red, the traffic must stop . Then the people on foot can cross the road. If the lights are green, the traffic can go and people on foot mustn't   cross.
In the morning and in the evening, when people go to or come back from work, the streets are very busy. The traffic is the most dangerous then.
When you go by bus in England, you have to be careful, too. You must always remember the cars drive on the left.
In many English cities, there are big buses with two floors. You can sit on the second floor. From there, you can see the city very well. That'll be very interesting.
The question is: If the traffic lights are green, the traffic  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:can go
B:must be careful
C:mustn't cross
D:must stopIn Britain, people usually begin their talks with weather. For example, they will say"It's a fine day, isn't it?""Do you think it will rain?"
Many people believe that they are able to tell what the weather will be like. But they never agree with each other. One man may say, "How cloudy   it is now! It's going to rain." Another man will say, "No, it's going to be fine later."
People always hope the weather they want. For example, when a farmer needs water, he looks for something to tell him it's going to rain. When a man wants to travel, he is sure the weather will be fine quickly.
Now almost everyone listens to the weather report. It doesn't always tell us the weather we want, it only tells us what the weather will be like. But sometimes it makes mistakes .
,.
The question is: _  listen(s) to the weather report.
The possible answers are:
A:All the people
B:Everyone
C:Each of the people
D:Most peopleAlmost every Chinese person can recite  the two lines of the famous poem, " _ ". But sadly, many of us don't actually get the real meaning of these lines: Don't waste food.
A CCTV program reported that the food Chinese people throw away every year is enough to feed 200 million people for a year. Do we have too much food? Absolutely not. According to the UN World Food Program, there were 925 million hungry people around the world in 2011, especially in developing countries. Six million children die of hunger every year.
Chinese people are well-known for being friendly and generous. Many even feel that they lose face if their guests have eaten all the food on the table. Luckily, a number of people have realized the importance of saving food. What should we do in our daily lives to waste less food?
1. Don't order too much in a restaurant. Only order as much as you want to eat. If you cannot eat all the food you ordered, take the rest of it home.
2. Don't leave any food in your bowls while having meals.
3. Keep an eye on what food you have at home. Don't buy too much, especially for vegetables and fruit.
The question is: What should we do to waste less food?
The possible answers are:
A:Order more food in a restaurant.
B:Every time you eat, leave some food in your bowls.
C:Take all the food you ordered home.
D:Don't store too much food like vegetables and fruit.Hi! My name is Lisa. I'm a student in Shanghai. I'm in Class Nine, Grade Five. Wang Tao and Li Fang are my friends. They  are in Grade Five, too. They are not in my class. They are in Class Seven. I'm 12. They are 12, too. Mr. Cheng is my teacher. His  telephone number is 8869254.
The question is: Lisa, Wang Tao and Li Fang are in   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:Class one
B:Grade two.
C:Class 7, Grade 5.
D:Grade FiveA Hard-working Student
This story is about a young student. She worked very hard at her lessons. She was too busy to have a rest. At last, she became ill, and couldn't go to sleep. Every night, when she went to bed, she closed her eyes and tried to sleep. But the more she tried, the more she stayed _ .
After a while she went to see a doctor, "I just can't go to sleep at night. What should I do?" "I have a suggestion  ," said the doctor, "Try counting numbers. By the time you reach one thousand, you will be asleep. I'm sure of it."
The next day the student returned to the doctor's office. "Well," said the doctor, "How are you today? Did you try my suggestion?" The student still looked tired. "Yes," she said, "I tried counting one, two, three...up to one thousand. But when I reached five hundred and sixty-nine, I began to feel sleepy. I had to get up and drink some coffee so that   I could go on counting up to one thousand. But then I still couldn't fall asleep."
,.
The question is: Why couldn't the young student go to sleep?
The possible answers are:
A:She was worried about her lessons.
B:She hadn't finished her homework.
C:She had worked too hard and became ill.
D:There was a lot of noise.Fred went into a _ ."I would like a photo,please,"he said."How much is it?"
"$25 for the first one,"the man said."Then $2 for others".
"OK,"Fred said."Can you take my photo now?"
"Yes,come this way,please."
The man took Fred into a room and asked him to sit down.Then he turned on some bright lights and took his photo."Come here and get your photo tomorrow,"the man said.
The next day,Fred went to get his photo."Your photo is OK,"the man said.
Fred looked at his photo.He was not happy."This photo makes me look very old."he told the man.
The man smiled,"With this photo,you don't need to ask someone to take your photo again many years later."
The question is: Fred thinks  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:his photos are old
B:his photos are OK
C:he looks old in the photo
D:the photos are expensiveDiaoyu Dao and its affiliated   islands, which consist of(...)Diaoyu Dao, Huangwei Yu, Chiwei Yu, Nanxiao Dao, Beixiao Dao, Nan Yu, Bei Yu, Fei Yu and other islands, are in the northeast of China's Taiwan Island, in the waters between 123deg20'-124deg40'E   and 25deg40'-26deg00'N  . They belong to the Taiwan Island. The total area of these islands is about 5.69 square kilometers.
Diaoyu Dao, in the western tip of the area, covers an area of about 3.91 square kilometers and is the largest island in the area. The highest part on the island stands 362 meters above the sea level. Huangwei Yu, which is about 27 kilometers to the northeast of Diaoyu Dao, is the second largest island in the area, with a total area of about 0.91 square kilometers and a highest height of 117 meters. Chiwei Yu, about 110 kilometers to the northeast of Diaoyu Dao, is the easternmost island in the area. It covers an area of about 0.065 square kilometers and stands 75 meters above the sea level.
Ancient ancestors   in China first discovered and named Diaoyu Dao through their  fishing activities on the sea. In China's historical books, Diaoyu Dao is also called Diaoyu Yu or Diaoyu Tai. The earliest historical record of the names of Diaoyu Dao, Chiwei Yu and other places can be found in the book Voyage with a Tail Wind published in 1403. It shows that China had already discovered and named Diaoyu Dao by the 14th and 15th centuries.
These historical reports clearly show that Diaoyu Dao and Chiwei Yu belong to China. The sea waters around Diaoyu Dao is traditionally Chinese fishing ground. Chinese fishermen have been involved in fishing activities in these waters for generations .
The question is: The largest island of Diaoyu Dao is   _   meters taller than the second largest one.
The possible answers are:
A:75 meters
B:117 meters
C:245 meters
D:362 metersOne day, a boy had a fight with one of his classmates. He didn't wait until school was over, and hurried home to his grandfather. He told him his story angrily. "He is really bad," the boy said, "and I hate him."
The grandfather said, "Let me tell you a story. When I was a boy, I, too, sometimes hated others for what they did..."
As the boy listened carefully, the grandfather went on,"There are always two tigers inside my heart. One is good and kind. He gets on well with everything around him. But the other is bad and unfriendly. Even the smallest thing will make him angry. He fights with everyone all the time, and for no reason. He can't think carefully because he always hates others. It is difficult to live with these two tigers inside my heart. They both try to control me."
The boy looked into his grandfather's eyes and asked,"Which tiger always controls you, Grandfather?"
The old man said slowly and seriously, "The one that I feed. I always feed the good and kind tiger, so I never hate others and seldom get angry now."
,.
The question is: The writer wants to tell us   _   in the passage.
The possible answers are:
A:how to feed tigers well
B:how to control our feelings
C:how to get along with others
D:how to fight with othersAmy had three sons, Dave, Bill and Bob. Every year her sons sent her expensive gifts on her birthday.
The eldest son Dave had a lot of money and he wanted his mother to have the most expensive gifts, but he didn't know what to buy. So he put an ad   in the newspaper. " Wanted ---- the greatest gift for my mother."
About a week before his mother's birthday, a man came to his office. He brought a big bird. This bird can speak six languages and sing eight songs," the man said."
".Really? I'd like to listen to it, " Dave said.
The man made the bird talk in French and tell a joke in Japanese. Then the bird sang a beautiful song. Dave was very happy and paid eight thousands dollars for the bird. The next day Dave sent the bird his mother with a birthday card.
The day after his mother's birthday he called his mother, " Well, mother," he asked, " What do you think of the bird?"
" Oh, it's very delicious, dear," said his mother.
The question is: How many songs could the bird sing?
The possible answers are:
A:Five
B:Six
C:Seven
D:EightIf you had billions of dollars,would you give away almost all of it to charity ?Well that's what Mark Zuckerberg,CEO and founder of Facebook,just said he would do.Zuckerberg and his wife Priscilla Chan promised to give 99 percent of their money to society.Right now that is about $45 billion(289 billion yuan),and they plan to give away the money to things like science and education.
Many billionaires  have done similar things,for example,Bill Gates.But giving back and helping others isn't just for big billionaires.People like Zuckerberg and Gates may have more to give,but people with less are doing it too.Especially around the holidays,people want to do their part and give back to people who are less lucky than them.Schools may have food collections where people bring some food and together they can give away some other things to places like homeless centers.
People also host special events like concerts or runs to be creative while raising money.Common people give away whatever they can to US charities like the United Way and the American Red Cross.
Then these charities are able to help the poor in different ways like education,health and improving their lives.These things come together to make a big difference.
The question is: What can we learn from the story?
The possible answers are:
A:It's rich people's duty to give more money.
B:There are more charities in the US than in China.
C:The poor should work hard to make a living.
D:Everyone can do their part to help others.It was a Saturday in May. When Mrs. Black opened the door and looked out, she smiled and said, "It's a beautiful day." She woke her small son up at eight thirty and said to him, " Get up, Tod. Let's go to the zoo today. Wash your hands and face, brush your teeth and eat your breakfast quickly. We are going to New York by train."
Tod was six years old. He was very happy now, because he liked going to the zoo very much, and he also liked going by train. He said, "I dreamed about  the zoo last night, Mummy."[:++Z+X+X+K]
His mother was busy, but she stopped and smiled at her little son, "And what did you do in the zoo in your dream?" Tod laughed and answered, "You know, Mummy! You were there in my dream, too."
The question is: Which is  true ?  _
The possible answers are:
A:The story happened on a April morning
B:The story happened in England
C:They went to the zoo by train
D:Mrs Black woke up her son at nightOne of the most famous scientists to study adaptations  was Charles Darwin . He was born in England in 1809. He wasn't the best student in his school, but when he was 16, his father sent him to a medical school. Charles liked spending time outdoors observing  nature more than having medical classes. He dropped out without graduating.
Next, Charles' father sent him to school to become a minister . This time he made it to graduation, but he didn't want to do the work of a minister. His friends encouraged him to follow his interest in science.
Luckily, Charles was invited to sail on the Beagle as an unpaid scientist after graduation. The Beagle was to travel to South America and then around the world. Their task was to make maps of the places they visited.
On December 27th, 1831. Charles Darwin sailed from England on the Beagle. The trip was planned to last two years. In fact, it lasted five. During this time, he saw many amazing things. He collected lots of plants and animals and took them back to England to begin his scientific study.
Twenty-three years later, Darwin published a scientific paper with another man named Wallace. Darwin described how some animals have adaptations that help them survive. _ are passed on to offspring . Darwin's ideas about adaptations are still very important to the study of living things.
The question is: Darwin was very interested in   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:having medical classes
B:the work of a minister
C:sailing around the world
D:science and natureMaking friends might seem to come easy for some persons, but it's maybe very hard for most persons. No matter how many friends you might already have, it is always a good idea to make new friends.
Being shy keeps a lot of people from making friends. Also, making friends might need a person to step outside of their comfortable places, which are hard for a lot of people, whether they are shy or not. However, overcoming the shyness to step out of your box is an important step in making friends.
There are lots of ways to meet new friends. First of all, remember that a good friendship is based on interests, so if you are ready to make friends, start to join clubs or go places where you have interest. For instance, if you like to play sports, join a sports team or after school sports club. If you have interests in music or writing, join clubs or organizations that you are interested in. When you see someone in a place like that, and you think that they look nice, it is always a good idea to go up to them and introduce yourself and ask interesting questions so that you can start a conversation. Don't put too much pressure on yourself, and remember that friendships don't always happen quickly.
Some friendships happen right away, and you'll be able to tell if someone will be a great friend right after you meet them. Some friendships take a long time to develop. Anyway, the friends that you meet are going to be worth it. If a friendship develops quickly, it doesn't mean that it is extra valuable, and if a friendship takes a long time to develop, it doesn't mean that it isn't worth it because it's too hard.
Making friends might be a bit difficult for you, and the friends you will make may not look anything like you. However, even though it might be scary to start conversations, you are worth doing it. All friendships start with a single hello.
The question is: If you want to make friends, you should   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:ask your parents for help
B:go out of your own box
C:obey others' requests
D:talk more with shy personsIn the middle of a dark forest, there lives an owl . All the animals know that he is the wisest  among all of them. So they often go to him and tell him their troubles. Then the owl always teaches them what they should do.
One day, a little bird goes up to the owl. She is crying. "what's wrong with you?" asks the owl.
"I'm not happy at all. I don't want to be a bird," the bird says.
"Why don't you want to be a bird?" asks the owl.
"I am so small, weak and useless," she cries. "I want to be big and strong like the lion. He is very important, but I am not"
Then the owl whispers  something in her ear. At once the bird dries her _ and goes away. One week later, the bird came back. "Oh, thank you very much. You are a very wise owl," she says to the owl. "I am very happy now. Every day, I sit on top of the tallest tree and watch for  lions and tigers. When they come near, I shout at the top of my voice. Then my friend all run and hide. They are very thankful to me. I am useful and important now"
The wise owl smiles and says, "No one in this world is useless."
The question is: The owl tells the bird  _
The possible answers are:
A:that she is stronger than the lions and the tigers
B:that she must be happy
C:that she must run and hide
D:to sit on top of the tallest tree and watch for lions and tigersWhile at the park one day, a woman sat down next to a man on a beach near a playground. "That's my son over there," she said, pointing to a little boy in a red sweater who was gliding  down the slide.  "He's a fine-looking boy," the man said. "That's my son on the swing  in the blue sweater." Then, looking at his watch, he called to his son," What do you say if we go, Todd?" Todd pleaded , "Just five more minutes, Dad. please? Just five more minutes." The man nodded and Todd continued to swing to his heart's contently .
Minutes passed and the father stood and called again to his son. "Time to go now?" Again Todd pleaded, "Five more minutes, Dad. Just five more minutes." The man smiled and said, "Okay." "Oh, you are certainly a patient father," the woman said. The man smiled and then said ,"My older son Tommy was killed by a drunken driver last year while he was riding his bike near here. I never spent much time with Tommy and now I'd give anything for just five more minutes with him. I've vowed  not to make the same mistake with Todd." "He thinks he has five more minutes to swing. The truth is ...I get five minutes to watch him play."
,A, B, C, D,. (10)
The question is: The woman thought the man was   _   with his son.
The possible answers are:
A:angry
B:strict
C:pleased
D:patientMy parents taught me not to waste food. My mum always found ways to make leftovers  taste good. I went to YiLan to learn about some of their special food. As I was there, I learned about the food and the history of the area. I learned that they don't waste food, either, and they use leftovers!
Many years ago, there was not enough food for everyone. People learned to cook and eat almost everything. They had to think of ways to make special dishes. One of these dishes is kao zha.It  made  with leftovers like
meat, soup, oil and fat. That might not sound very good, but it does taste good.
Today, kao zha is a special dish at big banquets  .  Another famous dish is called zao bing.
It's made with fruit, meat and other things. I really liked it! But I didn't want to eat too much.  It has a
lot of fat in it. I smelled something burning and I saw smoke, so I found another special food of the YiLan area  duck  meat. The duck meat is put in a big oven   to cook it. Smoke keeps the meat fresh.   I don't
usually eat meat, but this duck meat was delicious! It tasted sweet. YiLan is a great place with delicious food. I hope I can come back again!
The question is: The writer learns from her parents   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:nottoeatleftovers
B:toeatgoodfood
C:nottowastefood
D:tomakegoodfoodMany people like animals and raise one or more as pets--dogs, cat or some kinds of birds. I love dogs, too. My aunt gave me a dog on my birthday. We call it Wangwang. It is a little black dog. He is friendly and helpful. Most of the time he likes to run and play with me. Sometimes he follows my father around in the fields.
One day, my father took off his grey coat and put it on the ground under a big tree. Wangwang stood watching him. My father said, "Watch over my coat, Wangwant." Wangwant sat down beside the coat. My father went on working. After he finished his work, he forgot all about his coat and went home. Late in the evening I didn't see my dog. I looked everywhere for him calling, "Wangwang, Wangwang!" But Wangwang didn't come back. Soon my father wanted something that was in his coat pocket. Then he remembered what he had done. He went back to the big tree. What do you think he saw? Wangwang was sitting on the coat so that nobody could take it away.
The question is: Wangwang is   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:helpful and friendly
B:cute and naughty
C:naughty and friendly
D:lovely but unfriendlyHe found the boy's father in the hall waiting worriedly.
On seeing him, the father cried out, "Why did you take all this time to come? Don't you know that my son is in danger? Don't you have any sense of duty?"
The doctor smiled and said, "I am sorry. I wasn't in the hospital and I came as fast as I could after receiving the call and now, I wish you'd calm down so that I can do my work."
"Calm down?! What if your son was in this room right now? Would you calm down? If your own son dies while waiting for a doctor, then what will you do?" said the father angrily.The doctor smiled again and replied, "We will do our best and you should also pray  for your son's healthy life."
The surgery took some hours after which the doctor went out happy, "Thank goodness!Your son is saved!" And without waiting for the father's reply he carried on his way running by saying, "If you have any questions, ask the nurse."
"Couldn't he wait some minutes so that I can ask about my son's state?" shouted the father when seeing the nurse minutes after the doctor left.
The nurse answered, tears coming down her face. "His son died yesterday in a road accident. He was at the burial   when we called him for your son's surgery. And now that he saved your son's life, he left running to finish his son's burial."
,.
The question is: What did the doctor do after he received the call for the surgery?
The possible answers are:
A:He asked another doctor to do his duty.
B:He went to the hospital as soon as possible.
C:He discussed the boy's state with the father.
D:He waited until his son's burial was finished.To Jim,
Hi, Jim. I'm a Chinese girl .My English name is Betty. I'm a student. I live in Nanjing with my parents. Nanjing is a big city in China. I like playing table tennis and running. I like listening to music, too . My favourite food is rice and fish. My dad is a doctor and my mum is a worker.
To Betty,
Hi, Betty. I'm a boy. My name is Jim Hand. I'm a student, too. I live in London with my parents and my sister. London is big , too. It's in England. My sister likes reading books, but I like watching TV. She can type and write Chinese. I can draw and sing very well. My parents are both teachers.
The question is: The boy's family name is  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:Green
B:Hand
C:Jim
D:TomThe term "bionic man" came from The Six Million Dollar Man which was a popular TV show in the U.S.A. in the 1970s. It was a story about a former astronaut whose body was rebuilt by using artificial   parts after he nearly died. Now, a team of engineers has made a robot by using artificial organs , limbs and other body parts that comes close to a true "bionic man".
The parts come from 17 manufacturers   around the world. "This is the first time they've been assembled   together," says Richard Walker, the director of a robot company. "It's an attempt to show the development of medical science," he says.
Walker says the robot has about 60 to 70 percent of the function  of a human. It stands six-and-a half feet tall and can step, sit and stand with the help of a walking machine. This kind of machine is used by people who have lost the ability to walk. It also has a functioning heart that beats and circulates artificial blood . Its blood carries oxygen just like human blood.
Although the parts are used in the robot work, there is a long way to go. There are some key parts missing. There's no liver, skin or brain for the robot.
The question is: The robot "Bionic man" in the passage   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:has 60 to 70 percent of the function with a man-made liver, skin and brain
B:was made with artificial parts by a former astronaut named Walker
C:has a functioning heart that beats and circulates artificial blood
D:is used in robot work to help the disabled manA 50-year-old American officer came back to his school. The teacher asked him to give a talk to the small boys and girls there. The talk was about the love of their great country. All the little ones were sitting in a large meeting-room. The old officer went up and began speaking. He said , " Boys and girls . I studied in this school forty years ago. When I was your age, we were not as happy as you are today. Think about it and answer me, why are you so happy now?"
No sound came from the children. The old man waited for a long time. Then a short boy in the front put up his small dirty hand. "Good boy! Please answer me, dear." said the officer.
With a big smile on his face, the boy stood up and said, "If you speak long enough, we won't have Maths and biology lessons this morning."
The question is: The officer studied in this school when he was  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:fifty
B:ten
C:twenty
D:thirtyIt was Mary's birthday.Her uncle wrote a letter and told her he would like to send her some chickens.She was very happy because she liked eggs and chicken."I can keep the chickens for their eggs or eat them,"she thought.
When the chickens arrived the next day, they were all in a box.Mary took the box off the truck and began to carry it into her garden,but the box of chickens was so heavy that she dropped it.The chickens all ran out.They ran here and there.Mary spent hours in trying to find them.
A few hours later her uncle came.He asked."Did the chickens arrive safely?" "Yes,but I dropped the box.The chickens ran everywhere.It took me the whole morning to look for them,"Mary said.
"Did you find them all?" asked her uncle."I hope so,"Mary answered,"But l only caught eleven of them" "That's very interesting.I only sent you six."her uncle laughed.
The question is: When she got the letter, Mary was   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:happy
B:sad
C:tired
D:unhappyPeter: Paul, what are you going to do this afternoon?
Paul: I plan to climb   a hill. Would you like to go with me?
Peter: Thank you. But I don't want to be tired. I want to sleep at home. Have a good time!
Paul: I'm sure I will. But now I don't know what to wear.
Peter: What about your new trousers?
Paul:My new trousers are made of wool. I don't think they can make me comfortable.
Peter: You're right. Wool clothes are not fit for a trip. How about your blue jeans? What are they made of?
Paul: Cotton. They are good for trips. And shall I wear my leather shoes?
Peter: No. They will make your feet hot. You know, it is hot these days. And they are also too heavy for a trip. Try your trainers.
Paul: OK. And trainers go well with my jeans.
Peter: And why not wear your cap? It looks cool on you.
Paul: Thank you. I will wear it.
The question is: Peter thinks leather shoes are too    _    for a trip.
The possible answers are:
A:big
B:cold
C:heavy
D:newNot only a popular singer was Yao Beina, but also she was an energetic and warm-hearted angel. She had her corneas   donated to two men who needed them, which helped them see the world clearly again.
Yao was born in a music family on Sept. 26, 1981 in Wuhan. She started to learn the piano at the age of 4, and she sang her first song on the stage when she was 9 years old. Yao did quite well in singing, so she took part in the thirteenth Youth Singing Competition and won the first prize.
She became well-known to the public after making a series of songs for the hit TV drama "The Legend of Zhenhuan" in 2012, and the mandarin version   of "Let It Go" from Disney's "Frozen". In July 2013, she competed in The Voice of China II and finally got the second place in Na Ying's team. She had won a lot of music awards before she was famous.
Yao Beina was unfortunate to be diagnosed with breast cancer   and had a successful operation in 2011. Since then, she has fought against the disease for about four years while keeping singing, but sadly she failed. She originally thought of donating all of her organs   to save others' lives, but failed to do it because of her serious illness.
She's gone, even though she had never stopped struggling with cancer. Heaven just got another beautiful angel, with her beautiful voice and kindness.
The question is: What's the passage mainly about?
The possible answers are:
A:Yao Beina's family.
B:Yao Beina's disease.
C:Yao Beina's teacher.
D:Yao Beina's art achievements.Some parents are worrying that their children wouldn't like meals. In fact, most children are usually ready to eat almost anything that is offered to them. A child often likes food unless it is badly cooked. Never ask a child whether he likes or dislikes a food, never discuss likes and dislikes in front of him or allow anybody else to do so . If the father says that he hates fat meat or the mother refuses some vegetables in the child's hearing, he may copy this action. Parents should agree to the fact that he likes everything and he probably will . At meal times, it is a good idea to give a child a small part at one time rather than give him as much as he may eat all together. Do not talk too much to the child during meal times, but let him get on with his food. And do not allow him to leave the table at once after a meal , or he will soon learn to eat his food hurriedly so he can hurry back to the toys in his room . Never coax or make a child eat, or he will think he eats for you. Don't you think it is the same with study ?
The question is: A child will probably eat   _   if it is not badly cooked.
The possible answers are:
A:only a little of the food
B:almost all of the food
C:some of the food
D:all of the foodSingles Day  falls on every November 11th, and as the name suggests, this holiday is one specially for people who are still living the single life. It's surprising that China is the only country in the world that has set up a special day for singles to celebrate  their lives. To find out more about this celebration, read on.
An old story goes that once there were four single men, leading very boring lives. None of them were married , or had lovers, or did anything exciting. They just sat around all day and played Mahjong .
One day they played Mahjong from 11am until 11 pm. During the game, no matter who won, the winning card was always the 'Sitiao' card. And that day happened to be November 11th. In order to remember the day, they called it Singles Day.
For breakfast on Singles Day, singles often eat four youtiao, which means the four "ones" in "11.11". Many singles also choose to say goodbye to their single lives on this day. So they take part in _ , trying to find someone they love and many people choose to marry on this day. Besides the meaning of 'single', the four 'ones' of the date can also mean the 'only one' in one's heart.
The question is: _   first called November 11th Singles Day.
The possible answers are:
A:The Chinese government
B:People who have been married
C:Four people playing Marjong
D:People who don't want to get marriedIt's Jimmy's birthday and he is 9 years old. He gets a lot of presents from his family and one of them is a big drum  . His grandfather buys it for him.
Jimmy likes it very much. He plays with it every day and he often makes a terrible noise  . His father works in the day and Jimmy is in bed when he gets home in the evening. So his father doesn't hear the noise.
But Mrs Black doesn't like the noise, so one morning she takes a knife and goes to Jimmy's room when he hits his drum. She says to him, "Hello! Jimmy. Do you know there is something very nice in your drum? Here is a knife. Please open the drum and let's find it."
The question is: Why does Mrs Black give Jimmy a knife?
The possible answers are:
A:Because she likes Jimmy's drum.
B:Because she knows there is something in the drum.
C:Because she doesn't like the noise.
D:Because she wants to know what is in the drum.A poor farmer had never left his small village. After he made a lot of money, he decided to spend a holiday in an excellent hotel in a big town.
When lunchtime came on his first day there, he went to eat it in the restaurant of the hotel in his new clothes. The headwaiter showed him to the table, took his order and went away. When he returned and looked at the farmer again, he was surprised. The farmer had tied his table cloth round his neck.
The headwaiter immediately told another waiter to go to the farmer and tell him that people mustn't do such a thing in his restaurant. So the waiter went to the farmer and said in a friendly voice, "Good morning, Sir. Would you like a haircut.?"
The question is: The farmer decided to spend a holiday in a big town because  _
The possible answers are:
A:he always spent his holiday there
B:he wore his new clothes
C:he never went to the big town
D:he had become richer and wanted to see big townA girl comes back from school. She doesn't look happy. Her grandma asks,"What's wrong, my girl?"
"Everything is wrong. The new school is far from home. I don't have any friends at the new school. I can't answer the teachers' questions in class. I don't like the school lunch," the girl answers.
Grandma smiles and says, "Don't be sad, my girl. Would you like something to eat?"
"Good. What can I have?" the girl becomes happy.
"Here, have some cooking oil ."
"No, I can't eat that."
"What about some raw eggs?"
"No. Nobody eats raw eggs."
"Would you like some _ then?"
"Grandma, I can't eat these things."
"Then what about a cake?"
"Good. I like that."
"Cooking oil, raw eggs and flour are not nice to eat. But when you put them together in the right way and bake  them, they will make a wonderful cake. Life is just like  baking a cake."
The question is: Which of the following is true?
The possible answers are:
A:The new school is near the girl's home.
B:The girl has lunch at home.
C:The girl's grandma feels sad after hearing the girl's words.
D:Life is like baking a cake. We can make a wonderful life.Although Tokyo is one of the most expensive cities in the world , you will be surprised that there are still some free activities in Tokyo.
Free temples ( )
There are many temples in Tokyo.The most famous one is Meiji Jingu.This is the most important temple in Tokyo. If you visit it , you can know more about Japanese history .Of course , it's free.
Free museums
If you go to Kanto Earthquake Museum , you can see the exhibitions and the memorial for the people who died in the 1923 earthquake _ 
Free parks
There are two famous parks in Japan. They are Yoyogi Park and Ueno Park .Yoyogi Park is one of the largest parks in Tokyo .It is now a great place to see street performers.Ueno Park is popular with many Japanses people and foreign visitors.
Free snacks  
Janpanese food is delicious and healthy . You can try different kinds of snacks , before spending money on them. You don't need to pay for them when you try them.
,, . (1,5)
The question is: Which is the best title for the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:Famous building in Tokyo.
B:Visiting Tokyo for free.
C:Museums and parks in Tokyo.
D:The best places to visitA man called his son in New York the day before Christmas and said,  "I have to tell you your Mom and I are going to divorce  ! Thirty years is quite a long time."
"Dad, what are you talking about?" the son cried.
The father said:"We are sick of each other. I don't want to talk about it anymore. You call your sister in Chicago and tell her about the news."
When the daughter got the news, she is very surprised at it.
"What? They are getting divorced." She shouted, "I'll stop them." She called her father immediately, and cried to her father," Don't do anything until I get home. I'm calling my brother back, and we'll both be there tomorrow. Wait for us, please."
The old man hung up his phone and turned to his wife. "OK" he said, "they're coming for Christmas and paying their own way."
The question is: Why did the old man call his son on the day before Christmas?
The possible answers are:
A:Because he wanted to spend Christmas with his children
B:Because he couldn't stand his marriage any longer.
C:Because he and his wife were sick of each other
D:Because he was sick of talking about his marriage.A long time before I was born, my grandma and grandpa moved into the house on Beechwood Avenue. They had a young family of 4 little girls.
During that time, work was hard to find, so Grandpa did whatever jobs he could. He worked on a farm during the week and at weekends he and Grandpa grew some of their own food in the garden .
Everybody worked to keep the garden growing. All summer long, the family ate food from the garden and enjoyed the beautiful flowers. Grandma made jam with strawberry, tomatoes, beans, peppers, pears and peaches. It was good to eat through the long winter.
The family grew up, and before too many years had passed, the grandchildren came to visit. Grandma and Grandpa still planted their garden every spring. Everyone still enjoyed the good food from the garden and always took some home.
Grandchildren grew up, and grandparents grew older. It became harder for Grandma and Grandpa to keep up the garden. So they made it a little smaller. There was still plenty to eat from the garden and lovely flowers to enjoy.
Then one summer when Grandpa was eighty-nine years old, all he could do was to watch from his chair as the vegetables grew and the flowers came out. Summer slowly went away, and Grandpa died before it was time to bring in the harvest .
The question is: How many people were there in grandparents' family before the writer was born?
The possible answers are:
A:Five
B:Six
C:Seven
D:EightIf you knew a bottle of water had been recycled from urine  , would you drink it? Astronauts at the International Space Station (ISS) may soon do so.  NASA   said it would use a high-tech machine   to recycle wastewater at the ISS. The machine will recycle everything from sweat  , the water for washing hands, shower water, water used for brushing teeth, and even urine, to make drinking water.
It will save NASA millions of dollars each year. At present, each ISS astronaut uses about 4.4 liters   of water every day. It costs about $24 million a year to transport water up to ISS. NASA says that a liter of water costs about $11,000.
The machine will be sent to the ISS in October 2008. NASA hopes it will recycle about 93% of all water used on the station.  Will the water be clean? Scientists say the wastewater will go through a very complicated process  . For example, different chemicals will be put in the wastewater; the water will be heated to 130degCto get rid of bacteria  . The recycled water is thousands of times better than the water from a city tap, scientists say.
The question is: Scientists plan to get rid of bacteria in the wastewater by   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:freezing
B:heating
C:shaking
D:precipitatingMy favourite sport is basketball because it is very exciting.I like basketball because the NBA stars play very well.Basketball is very cheap and it is a good sport for our health.We can grow taller if we play basketball often.Also it keeps me fit.I play basketball three times a week.Most often I play it in my school.I often play it with my friends or I may play it myself.I feel very happy when I play basketball at school with my classmates.Sometimes I play basketball in the playground near my home.Basketball is very easy to play.If you play basketball very well, you can form a basketball team to take part in the competition.If you win the basketball competition, you will have the prize.You may become a famous basketball star.
The question is: How many times do I play basketball every week?
The possible answers are:
A:three.
B:five.
C:four.
D:six.Dear Joan,
How are you? I'm in Beijing now. I study at Yu Lin High School. I like Beijing very much, and I have two good friends here. They are Tom and Wei Hua. Tom is from Canada and Wei Hua is from China. We are in the same class. They often help me with my Chinese. I can speak a little Chinese now. The teachers are kind to me. I like Chinese food here, like Guangdong food, Sichuan food, and Hu'nan food. They are nice. Some times we go out to eat. Jiaozi is my favorite food. I often have jiaozi for lunch and have noodles for supper. I have milk and bread for breakfast. What about you?
Yours,
Lily
The question is: Can Lily speak Chinese?
The possible answers are:
A:Yes, she can.
B:No, she can't.
C:Yes, but a little.
D:No, she can't speak it at all.When the bell rings, every student takes out an iPad. The light from the screens makes their young faces pretty and lively. That's what happens every day at my school in the US. We use iPads in class.
I felt surprised and excited when I got an iPad the first day I arrived at the school. But it was not free. I spent about $100 to rent   it for three years.
Every iPad at my school has a special learning system   called _ . Teachers put their teaching materials like textbooks and PPTs on it. When we have classes, we enter the system and download   the materials with our iPads.
It makes the classes interesting and efficient  . For example, a few weeks ago, we learned about London in the UK. Our teacher prepared a video in which we saw many places of interest in London. We could not only watch the video, but also see the words at the same time. Because of the video, I know more about the city.
We also do our homework with iPads. We can know how well we do our homework right after we submit   our homework.
However, there are still some bad points about learning with iPads. Some of my classmates play games or surf the Internet in class.
I believe the key to use iPads well is to have good self-control  , isn't it?
The question is: When students are learning with iPads, they should not   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:play games
B:watch some videos
C:download the materials
D:submit the homeworkThe earth is 4 600 million years old. We humans have lived on earth for only 35 000 years, but during this period we have changed our planet a lot in many ways. Some things we've done are very good for the earth while some are bad.
All over the world, people have cut down millions of trees. When it rains or when the wind blows, the earth is taken away. Forests have become deserts, so more and more sorts of animals and plants are disappearing.
In big cities, cars and buses have polluted the air. Many people in cities now have health problems.
Factories have also polluted the land and the water. As a result, many rivers and lakes are now dead.
Around the earth, there's a special kind of oxygen called "ozone"(O3). It is important to the earth. But now air pollution is destroying it and that has made a very big hole in the ozone layer. Too much harmful radiation from the sun passes through the hole and reaches the earth directly. This is very dangerous because this kind of radiation can cause cancer.
Carbon dioxide (CO2) in the air has increased a lot. It mainly comes from burning oil, coal and wood. This has formed a "blanket" around the earth. The heat from the sun can't escape so the temperature is rising. This is called "the greenhouse effect". It causes the level of the oceans to rise and the climate of the earth to change.
All these problems are very serious, so we must do something now.
,A, B, C, D.
The question is: Which is NOT true?
The possible answers are:
A:Cars can pollute the air.
B:Factories can pollute the water.
C:The fewer trees, the better.
D:Not all the things we have done are good for the earth.Chen Guangbiao was born in Jiangsu in July,1968. He is the chairperson of a company in Jiangsu. Now he is one of China's richest men and he has donated a great amount of money to charity projects. He says he will donate everything he has to charity after he dies.
When people are in need of help, he will appear at once. He helped people during the Wenchuan earthquake, the Yunnan earthquake and the Taiwan earthquake. He also gave a helping hand in Japan's earthquake. He has built many Hope Primary Schools to support the education in poor areas.
He doesn't do charity for honour. He wants to encourage more people to make contributions to charity. After announcing he would donate everything to charity after his death, many businesses, overseas Chinese people and common people encouraged by him have also promised to do something for charity.
As a philanthropist  , he is asked for help every day. Sometimes he gets very tired, but he has never stopped caring.
So far, he has received a lot of awards, including Pioneer of the Year, and National May Day Labour Medal. He is considered as one of China's top philanthropists.
The question is: The article is probably taken from  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:a newspaper
B:a novel
C:a detective story
D:a science bookGood morning, everyone! Welcome to our school. Now you are students of a middle school. All the things here are new. The life here is a little different. I think you must know what you can do and what you can't do. It can help you study well and live happily. Here are some rules of our school.
You have to come to school from Monday to Friday. You will learn some important subjects, such as Chinese, math, English and science. Classes begin at 8:00. You have four classes in the morning. You have lunch in the school dining hall. You can't eat in the classroom. Classes are over at 3:30 in the afternoon and then you can join your favorite clubs to have fun. You can't play balls or run in the classroom and hallways. You mustn't _ these rules. I really hope you will have a happy life here. Thank you.
The question is: On school days, students study    _   hours every day.
The possible answers are:
A:nine
B:seven and a half
C:eight
D:eight and a halfAre you sorry for not travelling during the National Day ? if you stay at home at that time, I think you are very lucky. why? because there are too many people everywhere. in many places of interest in China, it's too _ to do anything.
it was too crowded on the great wall on October 1st, 2009. you even couldn't take photos for you or your friends. all what we could see were people. it was reported that there were about twenty people per meter on the great wall. my friends told me they could see nothing but many people on the great wall. "we couldn't walk if the people in front of us didn't walk," he said. he showed us a photo on the great wall. in the photo, we hardly found him out, there were too many people.
so some people give the advice that we should not have the gold week   any more. but other people say no about this advice. what's your idea of it? Are you sorry now for not travelling during the gold week? I love staying at home more than travelling next National Day.
The question is: What do you think the writer will do next National Day?
The possible answers are:
A:He will go to the Great Wall.
B:He will stay at home.
C:He will take photos for his friends.
D:He will travel to other places.Earthquakes happen without warning .They can happen any time of a day,at any point during the year.But don't worry because most are so weak that they cannot be felt. Only a few big ones hurt people. However,it's important to know what to do when an earthquake is happening.
Do NOT go outside.You could get injured from falling glass or parts of buildings.If you are outside,stay away from buildings and power lines  .
Stay under a desk,table,or other strong furniture .Hold on to it.Or stay in a corner of the building.Cover your face and head with your arms and cover your mouth with a towel  or clothing.Stay inside until shaking stops and it is safe to go outside.
Keep away from windows,pictures or advertisements on the wall or the building,and anything else that could fall and hurt you.Most people get injured by falling things during an earthquake,not by the shaking itself.
Also keep away from a fire.You could fall down and burn yourself on the fire.
If you are driving when an earthquake happens,stop the car if it's safe.Stay inside your car until the earthquake stops,and don't drive near bridges. Try not to stop by power lines or trees.These could fall and hurt you.
The question is: Most earthquakes are too ----to hurt people.
The possible answers are:
A:strong
B:weak
C:dangerous
D:heavyThis is a new picture. There are four boys and three girls in the room. They are all students. The boy on the desk is Jim. The girl near the window is Kate. Jim's sister Jane is on the chair. Ann and Mike are at the door. Mike's brother Sam is under the table. Where is Tom? Oh, he is over there, near the door. They are all very happy.
The question is: _  girls and  _  boys in the room are all students.
The possible answers are:
A:Three; four
B:Four; three
C:Two; three
D:Three; fiveLast week,Chicago became the first city in the US to join the "Lights Out Plan".People turned off the lights in the city's tallest buildings,so that thousands of birds could get to their winter homes.Every year in autumn,some birds fly over Chicago on their way to the south,and come back the next spring.
Lights mean danger to birds.Birds find their way by looking at the stars in the sky.Lights in tall buildings are so bright that birds may mistake them as stars.This means they can not find the right way to go home.
This month,about 300 types of birds are flying over Chicago to go back to the south to live through the cold winter.Birds fly to warmer places for a few reasons.Many birds cannot live in the cold,so they fly to warmer places.But there are other reasons,too.Birds need to look for food in the south.Another reason is that they want to have baby birds.Many birds like to have their baby birds in the same "house" they lived in last year,so they fly back there.
There are about 9,000 kinds of birds in the world,and about 600 kinds of birds _ .Some birds can fly a very long way.Sometimes they fly to other countries.We have fewer birds today because there are fewer places for birds.
The question is: Which of the following statements is NOT true?
The possible answers are:
A:All birds fly to warmer places every year.
B:Some birds have to fly to warmer places in autumn.
C:Some birds can fly a long way to other countries.
D:About 600 kinds of birds migrate in the world.October 7th
Dear Liu Qi.
I'm writing to tell you that the students of our school are planning to go for a school trip to Beijing near the end of this month, from October 20thto 27th. I'd like to invite you to come and join us. I remember you told me that you liked travelling. We'll visit many places of interest. Such as the Great Wall, the Palace Museum and the Summer Palace. If it doesn't rain, we'' also go camping at the foot of the Great Wall. We'll stay at the Beijing Holidday Village. During these days, we'll have parties. At the parties, the students will sing, dance and play games together. Would you please write back to let me know if you come? We need to buy the train tickets ahead of time .
I'm looking forward to hearing from you soon.
Yours,
Lin Yun
The question is: How will the students go to Beijing?    _  .
The possible answers are:
A:By bike
B:By bus
C:By train
D:By airWe live in an amazing world, reading the following news and you will find it yourself.
News 1: Bao Xishun is the tallest man in the world. He is 2.36 metres tall. He Pingping is the shortest man in the world. He is only 0.73 metres tall. They are Chinese. On July 13th, Bao Xishun married   a girl and He Pingping took part in their wedding ceremony  .
News 2: In the USA, a seventh-grader, Aidan Murray Medley went fishing in the sea one morning. The 12-year-old boy caught a 250-kilogram shark! It took Aidan 28 minutes to catch the shark. It was so hard that his body lost all feeling. Aidan now has the Florida  record  . He beat   a 232-kilogram catch from 1981.
News 3: A young sheep climbs a tree to feed on leaves in a park in the southern Swedish town of Lund. The sheep climbed to a height   of seven metres and spent an hour and a half in the tree before returning to the ground.
The question is: Which of the following statements is TRUE?
The possible answers are:
A:Bao Xishun married He Pingping.
B:The tallest man and the shortest man are not both from China.
C:The boy caught the biggest fish in the world.
D:The sheep climbed very high and spent a long time in the tree.Name: Container Gardens by Number
Cover price: $l5.95
Our price: $9.49
A book covers 50 easy-to-follow container designs. Each design provides a simple numbered planting plan that shows exactly how to create each display, with an instruction of the finished container and in-depth plant information. The plans are easy to follow and for any type of living space or garden.
Name: Off the Beaten Path
Cover price: $30.00
Our price: $l9.80
The best-selling Reader's Digest travel book has 40% new content including over 200 new places of interest, over 200 new full-color photographs, and all-new, up-to-date maps. It introduces over l, 000 of the United States' most beautiful must-see sights.
Name: l80l Home Treatment
Cover price: $40.00
Our price: $29.96
Plenty of health problems can be solved at home. Each and every treatment will be tested by a doctor to make sure it is safe and sound.
Lots of conditions are covered, from headaches, sunburn and bad breath to hiccups .
Name: Best Weekend Projects
Cover price: $l7.95
Our price: $l3.96
Choose from 80 ideas to create an unusual living space. The projects are practical, as well as attractive, and will improve your home and yard and can be made in a weekend. These 80 well-designed projects are presented in a clear, easy-to-follow style.
The question is: The writer writes the passage in order to   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:develop people's reading habit
B:try to ask readers to buy the books
C:teach how to design your living space
D:introduce places of interest in the USAI am 22. I used to work in a hotel. It was boring.
One day a guest and I had a conversation. She asked me, 6/Do you like your job?" I was sad because I knew the answer. "No".
She was 74 and gave me the most beautiful advice that I remember in all my life:
You are too young to hate your job, young man. Go to get your passport and start your adventure( ). "
So I did.
Since I was a little kid I was dreaming to know Europe. So next day I had my passport. And one week later, my plane tickets.
It was impossible to have a long holiday.  So I resigned .  My boss said I was crazy. My friends said that I was not responsible. I just paid no attention to those voices.
It was Europe in winter. Not the best time to travel there. But Europe in winter is really cheap.
I packed some books, a camera, 4 shirts, 2 pants, a coat, gloves, 2 pairs of walking shoes, candies and music to give away.
I had little money.  I just walked and walked.  I went to high mountains and big cities.
saw some beautiful sunsets . I heard some of the best musicians (for free). I discovered that there was still love in the world. I realized that sunrises are not always blue or yellow. Sometimes they mix.
I spent 22 days and $1,500 (including the plane tickets). What I did to save money:
1. Used Couch, Surfing'( ).
2. Ate 20-cents bread.
3. Went to Burger King to get free potato chips and water.
4. Learned to cook.
5. Talked with local  people.  They always know where to do cool and cheap
6. Only went to free museums (only in England).
Until this point in my life, I never had a clear idea of how to deal with my life. Now I do. I want to be a photographer so that I can inspire  people with my pictures.
Thanks to this travel. Thanks to that lady.
The question is: Why did the old lady advise the man to have an adventure? Because  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:he was poor
B:she was old
C:he didn't like his job
D:he wanted to know EuropeSo many of us expect everything we do to be successful. We look forward to success to show us our value or to be the top of the group wherever we are. How many times in our schooling did we hope for a high mark? We want it and then feel like a failure when we don't achieve what we want. Even when we succeed we still pass that and go onto the next success and then the next. We are not often taught how to face failures.
For me, failure taught me more than success did. Success is of the moment and temporary but failure means we have ever done. It makes me stop and think. It opened my eyes and brain to different possibilities. Failure is just a choice in redoing not in giving up. Experiencing failure,I looked deeper and further.
I have a grandson who plays hockey  and as all players do,he went through a _ . So I saw he was unhappy with himself. Then I said to him, "Why don't you think of it differently rather than being unhappy?" And I asked, "Scoring is your goal, right?" He answered,"Of course." "Why aren't you scoring now? Do you need a readjustment ?"All of a sudden he calmed down--he was thinking of what I had just said. So in the next game I saw him trying different things to do better. Later he started scoring. Now when something is wrong, he takes the time to think it over rather than just keeping the "failure" mode .
Look at failure differently. Failure is what gives us power to try a different way of doing things.
It teaches us to rethink, redo, and then success will come about. Don't give up but learn to use a different way.
The question is: Why did the author's grandson do better in playing hockey in the end?
The possible answers are:
A:He grew up and learned more skills.
B:He thought and tried in a different way.
C:He used the skill his grandma taught him.
D:He didn't make a change and kept the "failure" mode.A jobless man applied for  the  position  of  "office boy" at  Microsoft,  The HR manager interviewed him and then watched him cleaning the floor as a test.
"You  are  employed,"  he said.  "Give  me  your  e-mail  address and I'll send you the application form to fill in, as well as the date when you may start."
The man replied, "But I don't have a computer or an e-mail."
"I'm sorry,"said  the  HR  manager,  "If  you don't have an e-mail, that mean you do not exist. And the one who doesn't exist cannot have the job."
The man left with no hope at all.  He  didn't know what to do.  With only $10 in his pocket,  he decided to go to the supermarket and buy 10kg  tomatoes. He then sold the tomatoes from door to door . In less than  two  hours, he  succeeded in  making his money double.  He repeated the
operation three times, and returned home with $60.
The man realized that he could survive in this way, and started  earlier  and    returned late.
Thus, his money doubled or tripled every day.  Shortly, h e bought a cart,  then a truck  and then he had his own _ to send food . Five years later, he became one of the biggest food   sellers in The US.
He started  to  plan his family's future, so he called  an  insurance  broker  to Have  a  discussion. When  the conversation was over, the broker asked him for his e-mail. The man replied again,"I don't have an e-mail."
The  broker  answered  in surprise,  "You don't have an e-mail, and yet have succeeded building an empire.  Can you imagine what you could have been if you had had an  e-mail?"
The man thought for a while and replied, "Yes, I would be an office boy at Microsoft
,.
The question is: Why was the man refused by the Microsoft?
The possible answers are:
A:He didn't pass the test.
B:He didn't do well in the interview.
C:He didn't get on well with the manager.
D:He didn't have a computer or an e-mail.The size and shape  of your ears show your character more than any other parts of the face. Other parts of the face change shape as we get older, but ears do not change their shape. They only change in size.
Reading people's character from their ears is an old science. In very old times people thought that a person with big ears had a good and generous character. They thought that a person with pale, small ears was dangerous. They also thought that the shape of the ear showed if a person was musical. Today, too many people believe that the size and the shape of the ear help you know if a person is musical.
Ears are all different, and each characteristic has a meaning. Next time when you look at a person, see if his ears are large, medium-size or small. Look at the lobes (the lowest part of the ear). Do they stick to the face? Ears that are always red mean a person may easily get angry, or he / she just has high blood pressure  . Ears that are always cold and pale mean a person has a nervous character. And a big inside hole of the ear means a person is musical.
The question is: Which may be the best title of the article?
The possible answers are:
A:Looking at a person in the right way
B:Ears and characters
C:The change of ears
D:Ears and coloursA good way to pass an exam is to work hard every day in the year. You may fail in an exam if you are lazy for most of the year and then work hard only a few days before the exam.
Do not remember only grammar when you are learning English. Try to read stories in English and speak in English as often as you can. A few days before the exam you should go to bed early. Do not study late at night. Before you start the exam, read carefully over the exam paper. Try to understand the exact meaning of each question before you pick up your pen to write. When you have finished your exam, read your answers again. Correct  the mistakes if there are any and make sure you have not missed anything out.
The question is: Try your best to get the meaning of each question  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:after you write down your answers
B:before you write down your answers
C:as soon as you write down your answers
D:while you are writing down your answersHi! I'm Alan.This is my dream house .It has a small but nice room.Some pictures are on the wall.There is  a bookcase in my room.There is a desk and a chair in it.My schoolbag is on the desk.Oh!Where is my pencil case?It is under the chair.There are some pencils and a ruler in the pencil case.My shoes and a basketball are under the bed.I like my dream house very much.
The question is: Alan's room is   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:not small
B:not big
C:very new
D:very oldMany children like to watch TV. It's very interesting. The programs on TV tell us many things about the country and a lot of news about the world, Judy watches TV on Sundays. There is an English program getting to know America. It's her favorite program. It tells about the life of America, such as buildings, traffic, food, houses, movie stars. Why does she love the program? Because she likes English. She likes English best of all the subjects. When she is watching the program, she can remember every word she sees on TV. That helps a lot, because she learns many new words, English really interests her . She likes learning English. On weekdays, she doesn't watch TV, but reads English story books every night before she goes to bed. She can learn a lot from the TV program and the story books.
The question is: The program is about  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:English stories
B:American food
C:the life of America
D:American peopleA dog can't speak any words, but it can "talk". It has feelings just as you do. Sometimes it may feel angry or afraid. Watch a dog closely, and you can find out how it feels. You can see what it is trying to tell you. When you are afraid, you may look down. When a dog is afraid, it may run away. When you are angry with other people, you stare at   them. An angry dog also stares. Sometimes the hair along its back stands up.
Do you feel guilty  when you do something you shouldn't do? Dogs can feel guilty, too. Sometimes when I come home, my dog gives me a guilty look. Then I know he did something wrong.
Dogs need love and care. Some dogs are very unhappy when they are alone for a long time. Some dogs even snap   if they don't get enough care.
You may have a dog or you may know a dog. Take care of it well if you want to have fun with it. Take it on walks. Don't make it do too many things. Try not to punish   it again and again for doing the same thing. Always remember, a dog has needs and feelings just as you do. Talk to a dog, and it will talk to you.
The question is: When   _  , you know that a dog has done something wrong.
The possible answers are:
A:It runs away from you
B:its hair stands up
C:its tail shakes
D:it has a guilty lookDear Mike,
Thanks for your family photo. This is a photo of my family. I have a happy family. There are five people  in my family. They are my grandmother, my parents, my sister and I. The old  woman  is my grandmother. The man  is my father. His name is David. He is a teacher. And what about the woman? She is my mother. Her name is Linda. She is very nice. Look at the girl. That's my sister. She is in a middle school. Her name is Lucy.Do you know the boy ? It's me.
Yours,                                                        Tony
The question is: Who is Linda?
The possible answers are:
A:She is the boy's aunt.
B:She is the boy's sister.
C:She is the boy's mother.
D:She is the boy's friend.Jane always goes to school early. She likes to talk to her friends before class. After school she does not go home early. She is always late. Jane stops to see the animals in the pet shop. She likes to see the dogs. One of them is a little white dog. She watches the little dog play in the window of the shop. She watches for a long time, so she comes home late.
One day her father and mother ask why she is late, and she tells them about the little dog in the pet shop.
Jane is not late the next day. She stops to look in the window of the shop. But she doesn't see the dog, and she is very sad. She is also very happy, today is her birthday.
Mother shows her a big birthday cake and Father gives her a birthday surprise . He gives her the little white dog from the shop. Jane is very happy. The next day Jane does not come home late. She runs home to play with the white dog.
The question is: After school Jane   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:comes home early
B:is always late to go home
C:plays with the dogs
D:looks at the shops along the roadThe world is not only hungry, it will also be thirsty for water. About 97% of water on the earth is sea water, or salty  water. Man can only drink or use the other 3% of the fresh water  which comes from rivers, lakes and underground.
The sea is very big. Look at the map of the world, there is more sea than land. It covers  quarters of the earth, it looks very beautiful when the sun is shinning on it. But it can be terrible when there is a strong wind. Some parts of the sea are very deep. There is one place near Japan. It's nearly 11 kilometers high. If we put that mountain into the sea at that place, there would be 2 kilometers of water above it!
The sea is salty. There is one "sea" called the Dead Sea. The Dead Sea is not a sea. It's a big lake in the Jordan Valley. It's the saltiest. It's near the city of Jericho. It's about 80.kilometres long, between 4.8 and 17.7 kilometers wide. The river Jordan runs into the Dead Sea. The sun is not there and the water is salty. Fish can't live in the Dead Sea and plants can't grow near it. People can't swim well in the Dead Sea, but they can float  on the water. The water is very blue and the air is clean. In winter, people come to the Dead Sea to enjoy the sunshine.
The question is: Does the fresh water come from rivers, lakes and underground?
The possible answers are:
A:Yes, it does.
B:No, it doesn't.
C:Yes, it doesn't.
D:No, it does.People all over the world write to Big Ben. They even send birthday presents. Big Ben is not a person. It's a clock.  Big Ben is the great clock hanging up in a tower of the parliament building. The people of London like to see Big Ben's four friendly faces. They like to hear the bell striking  on the hour. Bong! Bong! Bong!
Big Ben's story started in 1834. In that year the old parliament building was burned down. Its clock tower fell to the ground. There had to be a new building and a new clock.  Plans were made. They called  for a "King of Clock, the biggest and the best in the world". So the clock had to be big. And it had to keep very good time.  In two years the big clock was made. Five more years went by before the clock tower was last finished. Then the four bells for the chimes   were brought into the tower. And at last the big hour bell was put in place. It rang out for the first time on July 11, 1859.  This great bell had to have a name. A meeting of parliament was called to pick one. "This clock is the king of clocks," one man said. "Let's call the bell the Queen of Bells."  "Then why not Victoria?" said another (Victoria was the British queen   at that time). The talk about names went on and on. Then Benjamin Hall got up to speak. He was a big man. By this time they were all tired. Someone shouted, "Why not call it Big Ben and be done with it?"  Everybody laughed, and the meeting was over. But it was called Big Ben from then on. Not just the bell but the whole clock.
The question is: Big Ben is the name of a   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:building
B:clock
C:beautiful girl
D:citySoap operas are a kind of popular culture in America. Every weekday, lots of fans from all over the world are waiting to see their favorite soap operas.
Soap operas were first on TV in 1952. The soap opera is not about soap, and it is not an opera. It gets this name because soap companies  paid for the shows, and they tell stories just like operas do. What makes the soap operas special is that the story never ends.
There are daytime and nighttime soaps. Daytime soaps usually have more information. Nighttime soaps are usually once a week, and each _ for about an hour.
Soap operas are having a difficult time in today's TV market, but they are here to stay. Big fans will never give them up easily!
The question is: TV soaps have a history of about   _   years.
The possible answers are:
A:80
B:64
C:52
D:40Long long ago, a donkey  fell into a well . The animal cried for hours as the farmer tried to think out what to do. Finally, the farmer thought the animal was too old and the well needed to be covered up anyway, so he decided not to save the donkey.
The farmer invited his neighbours to help him. They began to shovel  dirt into the well. The donkey cried harder. But a few minutes later, he became quiet. The farmer looked into the well, and was surprised by what he saw.
While every shovelful of dirt hit his back, the donkey would shake it off and take a step on the new layer of dirt. As the farmer's neighbours continued to shovel dirt on top of the animal, the donkey would shake it off and take another step up. Soon the donkey stepped up out of the well and ran away, to the surprise of all the neighbours.
The lesson we get from this story is that if life shovels some dirt on us, we must get out the well and not let it cover us. We must learn to shake it off and take a step up. Each of our troubles is a stepping-stone . We can get out of the deepest well by never giving up!
The question is: When we are in trouble, we have to learn from   _   in the story.
The possible answers are:
A:the farmer
B:the neighbours
C:the donkey
D:all of themToday Mike is playing near a river. Suddenly, his knife goes into the water. He likes the knife very much. Now it's lost. So he is very _ . Then an old woman comes up and asks Mike what is wrong."I lost my knife." He says. The old woman gives him a gold  knife and asks "Is it your knife?" "No," says the boy.
The old woman gives him a silver knife and asks again " And this one?" "No," says the boy.
Then she gives him an iron knife."Yes, that's mine." Calls out the happy boy.
The old woman says, "No, take the gold and silver knife. You are a good boy."
The question is: _   knife is Mike's.
The possible answers are:
A:The gold
B:The silver
C:The iron
D:The oldNow more and more people like to visit South Korea. People are interested in the tradition,clothes,songs,movies,TV series and presents.Do you want to know good manners about giving gifts?In South Korea,you should remember these things when you are giving a gift.
1.Wrap gift nicely. You can wrap gifts in red or yellow paper because these are lucky colors.In their minds,yellow or pink means happiness.Do not wrap gifts in green,white,or black paper.Learn to use the correct color when you wrap gifts.
2.Do not buy four gifts. In their minds,the number 4 is unlucky. So you should not prepare 4 things as a gift. The number 7 is lucky, so giving 7 small gifts is lucky.
3.Use both hands when you give a gift. If you use one hand to give a gift, people will think you are rude. Of course, people who receive a gift should use both hands, too.
The question is: What's the best title for passage?
The possible answers are:
A:How to Travel in South Korea
B:How to Give Gifts in South Korea
C:What to Eat in South Korea
D:Lucky Numbers and Unlucky NumbersAmerican schools begin in September after a long summer holiday. There are two terms in a school. The first term is from September to January, and the second is from February to June. Most American children begin to go to school when they are five years old. Most children are seventeen or eighteen years old when they finish high school.
High school students study only four or five subjects each term. They usually go to the same class every day, and they have little homework for every class. After class they do many interesting things.
After high school, many students go to college. They can go to a small one or a large one. Many college students work after class to get some money for their studies.
The question is: After high school, many students    _    .
The possible answers are:
A:begin to work
B:stay at home
C:go to college
D:visit their friendsDear Earthmen ,
I enjoy my stay on your interesting planet .
I think I know the life on Earth now and I would like to tell you my ideas.
First of all you live in boxes. Every morning you leave your boxes and get into smaller boxes on wheels . All these small boxes run around and around, and finally stop to rest. You leave these boxes on wheels and go to very large tall boxes.
After resting all day, you get back in your little boxes. There you sit and look at very small _ boxes with moving pictures in them.
There is only one thing I don't know. Some angry boys fought for a little round   ball. Everyone shouted  but they kept fighting. They were angry, because they had to stay in boxes all day, I think.
Thank you for this chance  to get to know you.
Yours,
The man from Mars
The question is: What do the boxes on wheels refer to ?
The possible answers are:
A:Houses
B:Buildings
C:Cars
D:TVsOne day, a man found the cocoon   of a butterfly and he brought it home.
A few days later, the man saw a small hole in the cocoon. He sat and watched for several hours as a butterfly struggled to force its body through that little hole. Then it stopped.
So the man decided to help the butterfly. He took a knife and cut a bigger hole in the cocoon. The butterfly came out of the cocoon but it had a weak body and small, thin wings. The butterfly didn't start to fly.
In fact, the butterfly spent the rest of its life crawling  around with a weak body and thin wings. It was never able to fly.
The man acted with kindness but he didn't understand that he had done something wrong. When a butterfly crawls out of the cocoon, it must struggle. The hard work of getting out of the cocoon forces the fluid  from the butterfly's body into wings. It helps the butterfly be ready to fly. If the butterfly never has to force itself out of the cocoon, its wings never get the fluid and it can never fly.
Sometimes struggles are exactly what we need in our lives. If we lived our lives without any problems, we would never learn or grow. We would not be as strong as we could have been and we would never fly.
So, the next time you are faced with a challenge or a problem, remember the butterfly.
Struggle a little - then fly!
The question is: Which is the best title for the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:The Old Man and the Butterfly
B:Life Struggle
C:How To Help a Butterfly Fly
D:Kindness and RushSome parents are worrying that their children wouldn't like meals. In fact, most children are usually ready to eat almost anything that is offered to them. A child often likes food unless it is badly cooked. Never ask a child whether he likes or dislikes a food, never discuss likes and dislikes in front of him or allow anybody else to do so . If the father says that he hates fat meat or the mother refuses some vegetables in the child's hearing, he may copy this action. Parents should agree to the fact that he likes everything and he probably will . At meal times, it is a good idea to give a child a small part at one time rather than give him as much as he may eat all together. Do not talk too much to the child during meal times, but let him get on with his food. And do not allow him to leave the table at once after a meal , or he will soon learn to eat his food hurriedly so he can hurry back to the toys in his room . Never coax or make a child eat, or he will think he eats for you. Don't you think it is the same with study ?
The question is: From the passage, parents should learn that it's better   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:to coax the child to do his homework
B:to make the child study
C:not to make the child work on his lessons
D:not to help the child with his studyJack is having a great and relaxing summer.He is visiting his grandmother in Florida .The weather is hot and sunny.He is staying at his grandmother's home.It's very nice and near the beach.He goes to the beach with friends every day.They play volleyball there a lot.He watches TV or reads books in the evening.He is reading an interesting story-book now.The stories are really scary.His grandmother is making dinner now.She wants Jack to help her.
The question is: What do they often do on the beach?
The possible answers are:
A:They often play football.
B:They often play chess.
C:They often play volleyball on the beach.
D:They often sleep on the beach.When Steven was a young boy, he moved quite often with his family and so he never had many friends. He spent a lot of time on his own and liked to play with electronic things. Steven had a neighbour, Steve Wozniak. Steve was a little bit younger than Steven but also liked to play with electronic things. Steven made a microphone and Steve asked him many questions about it until he understood how it worked. Steven liked the fact that such a young boy was also interest ed in electronic things and so he taught him everything he knew.
When they were a little older and knew more about electronic things, they made a "blue box". People could make free phone calls by breaking into the phone company's system with this box. They sold this to many people even though it was illegal , but this is not why they are famous today.
Steven and Steve were the inventors of the first PC--personal computer. They called their first computer the Apple I. They invented it only for fun and to make themselves known among their friends. They did not think it would become so popular. They just liked playing computer games on it. Their computer made it cheaper and easier for people to own and use a computer. Their PCs were so popular that they made a new PC called the Apple II. Soon many schools, families and factories were using their computers.
Without the two clever men, the personal computers might never have appeared.
The question is: Why did Steven like Steve?
The possible answers are:
A:Because he made a microphone.
B:Because he was also interested in electronic things.
C:Because he was his neighbour.
D:Because his family moved a lot, too.Dream culture is an important part of ancient Chinese culture. Dream interpreting is popular in China, and the most famous reference for dream interpreting is the book of Duke of Zhou Interprets Dreams.
Ancient Chinese people thought that dreams could suggest lucky and unlucky things. Since different dreams have different meanings, people can  get meanings of good or bad luck by interpreting them. Actually, dream interpreting is not totally a _ . It does have some scientific value.
* Dreams are the reflection of the facts. Many dreams are actually something about what happened in the daytime. This kind of dream can be easily understood without dream interpreting.
* Dreams are the body's self-implication  . Traditional Chinese medical science says that dreams are connected with the health condition of humans' bodies. When Yin and Yang are imbalanced, dreams come into being. If someone dreamt that he or she was roasted by a big fire, it shows he or she might easily get angry or nervous.
* Dreams are usually different from the facts. It means that things will develop in the opposite direction when they become worse.
To some degree, Duke of Zhou Interprets dreams is scientifically reasonable. Over thousands of years has passed, the book still has many secrets waiting for us to explore.
The question is: If you dream that you are roasted by a big fire, maybe you are
The possible answers are:
A:excited
B:relaxed
C:nervous
D:boredExpert  say that students usually need eight to ten hours' sleep at night, but most Chinese students do not get enough sleep. Some Chinese parents are usually glad to see their children studying late. They will think their children work very hard, but not all parents are happy about this. Once a mother told us tat every morning her 10-year-old boy put up one finger  with his eyes still closed, begging  for one more minute to sleep. Like thousands of students " early birds" in China, he has to get up before six every morning.
A report shows that without a good night's sleep, students seem to be weaker  than they should be. Many students have fallen asleep during class at one time or another. Too much homework is not the only reason why students stay up late. Some watch TV or play the computer games late into the night.
Experts have ever said that the students should develop good study habits. So some clever students never study last, they are able to work well in class.
The question is: The 10-year-old boy begged for more minute to sleep because  _
The possible answers are:
A:he didn't have enough sleep
B:it wasn't time for him to get up
C:he didn't want to go to school
D:he wanted his mother to wake him upCharlotte's Web is a popular American children's book about the friendship between a pig named Wilbur and a spider  named Charlotte. The writer, E.B. White, shows that a real friend will help you even though he or she has nothing to get from doing so.
In the book, Charlotte is always helping Wilbur. She spins  words into her web to save Wilbur's life, even though spinning the words is tiring and difficult for her. Charlotte is a true friend. She helps Wilbur for only one reason - she cares about him.
Templeton, the rat, on the other hand, is not a real friend to Wilbur. Templeton only helps others when there is something in it for him. When he is asked to help save Wilbur's life, he says "no" at first. Later on, he agrees to help, but only because he wants to keep eating Wilbur's meals. At the end of the book, Wilbur learns the true meaning of friendship. He helps Charlotte to save her babies. He does this not for other reasons, but because he cares about his friend.
Reading this book lets me know how important it is to help others. Being a good friend means being there when you are needed.
The question is: Why does Templeton agree to help Wilbur?
The possible answers are:
A:Because he cares about Wilbur.
B:Because he wants to live with Wilbur.
C:Because he wants to eat Wilbur's meals.
D:Because he wants to learn how to spin.Hi, I'm Tom.I have a pencil box.It's big and it's purple.It's my good friend.It's from my mom.What's in the pencil box? My ruler is in it.It's blue and red.That is a pencil.It is black and white.It's not my pencil.It's Cindy.She likes black and white.You can see a green pen and an eraser in it, too.The pen isn't mine.I find  it in the classroom this morning.It's Tim's.His name is on it.He isn't at school now.Tim's telephone number is 8069--4725.I can call him.The nice eraser is my sister ,Linda's.
The question is: The pencil is   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:Tom's.
B:Cindy's.
C:Linda's.
D:Tim's.Lots of people are good at fishing. But what if you were only able to catch  fish with just your hands?
Last Sunday, my dad and I went to Lipu in Guangxi. There, we saw a big traditional  game ----the fish catching game. On that day, lots of local people took off their shirts and jumped into a river. There were many fish in the river. But they could only use a small ladle . Some of them waved   their ladles to drive the fish together. And some tried to catch the fish quickly. It looks easy, but the water was so muddy   that no one could see the fish clearly. They had to touch and feel the fish.
Visitors like us were also excited to see such an interesting game. We cheered and laughed. Although most people didn't catch even one fish, everyone was so happy that day. The game was really interesting.
The question is: Who played the fish catching game?
The possible answers are:
A:The writer.
B:The writer's father.
C:The writer's friends.
D:Local people.Here is a dog with a lantern  in his mouth, he is looking for his master .
Carlo, a lovely dog, had been taught to be useful. The roads, in the place where his master lived, were often so bad that it was not safe for any person to go out without a light on dark nights.
So Carlo's master taught him to carry a lantern for him at night; and he did it as steadily  as any boy could have done.
Carlo never trotted  too far before his master so that the bright light of the lantern might guide his master's steps.
When he came to a deep rut or hole in the road, he would turn round to his master, seemed to say, /Take care, there is a hole here. "
The dog's master lived about a mile from the town; and when he could not get home before dark, Carlo used to be sent to him with the lantern. Carlo knew where to go. He also knew the road which his master would take.
But Carlo didn't always find his master right away. When he reached the town, he would run off to a house where his master often was. Still holding his lantern, he would scratch at the street-door with his feet and bark ;  as much as to say,  6/Here am I,
Master, with the lantern, are you ready for home? "
Someone would perhaps come to the door and sa 6/Your master is not here. " Carlo
would growl , seemed to say, "Then he is somewhere else, and I must find him. "
He would then run off to one house after another, until he found his master, then the two went home together.
The question is: When Carlo came to the bad part of the road, he  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:barked
B:growled
C:turned round to his master
D:scratched at the groundThe Little Prince was written by a French pilot and writer Antoine de Saint--Exupery. It is one of the most famous books around the world. It was published in 1943. This story has been translated into 42 languages and was adapted  into a movie.
The little prince lives on a small planet alone. He leads a happy life. One day the winds brings him a seed. The seed then turns into the loveliest flower he has ever seen. He takes good care of the flower, but finally he decides to leave it and his planet in search for a secret--the most important thing in his life.
During his journey in space, the little prince meets a king, a businessman, a lamplighter and a geographer. They all live alone on different planets. At last he finds out the secret from a fox of the Earth. Before he returns to his planet, he tells his secret to the writer of the book, whom he meets in the desert. The secret is: the power of love.
When you read this _ and sincere story of the little prince, you can't help smiling and feeling the beauty of life and love in your heart.
The question is: Who told the little prince the secret?
The possible answers are:
A:A fox.
B:A king.
C:A geographer.
D:A businessman.Ever since I was a child, my mouth has caused me trouble. I'm not a bad person; I have a hard time learning when to keep my mouth closed. My mom has told me again and again, "Robert, your constant bad words are hurting me. If you continue to be this rude, you will get into big trouble."It's been a problem at school several times too when teachers have told me something I didn't want to hear. I used to feel it was my duty to stand up for myself. One day in English class I began working on my homework until I heard a classmate talking behind me. It was Nathaniel, talking to himself as usual. I said ever so nicely, "Nathaniel, would you be quiet?"  Nathaniel continued talking to himself. I quickly shouted "Nathaniel, shut up!" For the next five minutes, we threw hurtful words back and forth at each other.  "At least I don't have an ugly lazy eye like you!" I shouted.I knew this would upset him deep inside. It would hurt his feelings and shut him up.   What I said filled him with anger. He tried to reach over my seat and grab me as he shouted, "That's it! That's it!" Surprised at his reaction, I sat back in my seat. Never had I seen Nathaniel act like this before.  Later on, we were taken to the principal's office. There, Mr. Black, the principal, told us to discuss the matter. It wasn't until then that I finally found that when I hurt someone physically, the wounds eventually heal. But when I hurt them with my words, sometimes the pain   never goes away. At the end of the discussion, I said sorry to Nathaniel. When I headed back to my room, I spent some time praying. I began to think about how often what I said hurt others. But I believe that as I keep praying and asking God to help me, he'll tell me when to keep my mouth closed.
The question is: What's the writer's name?
The possible answers are:
A:Nathaniel.
B:Robert.
C:Black.
D:Green.Pictures That Don't Last
"YEARS ago when I was at the Grand Canyon, I remember someone coming up to the canyon's edge, taking a shot with their camera and then walking away, like 'got it - done', barely even glancing at the magnificent   scene sprawling   in front of them," Linda Henkel, a scientist at Fairfield University, US told Live Science.
Henkel was surprised by how obsessed   people are with taking pictures these days - before dinner, during friends' birthday parties, on museum tours and so on.You know people just like that, don't you?
They keep taking pictures because they think that it helps record the moment, but as Henkel's latest study has just found out, this obsession may prevent their brains from remembering what actually happened, reported The Guardian.
In her study, Henkel led a group of college students around a museum and asked them to simply observe 15 objects and to photograph 15 others.The next day the students' memory of the tour was tested, and the results showed that they were less accurate in recognizing the objects and they remembered fewer details about them if they photographed them.
"When people rely on technology to remember for them - counting on the camera to record the event and thus not needing to attend to it fully themselves, it can have a negative effect on how well they remember their experiences," Henkel explained.
But there is also an exception: if students zoomed   in to photograph part of an object, their memory actually improved, and those who focused the lens   on a specific area could even recall parts that weren't in the frame.
So basically, this study is saying that constantly taking pictures can harm your memory.But shouldn't reviewing pictures we have taken help wake up our memories? This is true, but only if we spend enough time doing it.
"In order to remember, we have to access and interact with the photos, rather than just amassing them," Henkel told The Telegraph.However, previous research has shown that most people never take the time to look over their digital pictures simply because there are too many of them and they aren't usually very organized on their computers.
The question is: The author mentioned Henkel's trip to the Grand Canyon at the beginning to   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:complain about some tourists' bad habits
B:give suggestions on how to enjoy one's tour
C:describe the great view of the Grand Canyon
D:point out people's obsession with taking picturesSometimes people are not clear about what kind of food is healthy, and what kind of food may do harm to our health. The USDA has prepared a food guide to help people learn about which kind of food is the healthiest to eat. The food guide describes six main food groups: meat (like fish and chicken), dairy (like milk and cheese),grains (like bread and rice), fruit and vegetables. The last group is fats and sweets. The USDA also suggests how much of each food group is healthy to eat daily. Though this guide was prepared by the US government, it is very useful for people all over the world.
As a _ of years of study, we know that too much animal fat is bad for our health. For example, Americans eat a lot of meat and only a small amount of grains, fruit and vegetables. Because of the way they eat, they have a high rate of cancer and heart disease. In Japan, people eat large amounts of grains and very little meat. The Japanese also have a very low rate of cancer and heart disease. The Japanese live longer than anyone else in the world. However, when Japanese people move to the US, the rate of heart disease and cancer goes up as their eating habit changes. And as hamburgers, ice creams and other high-fat foods become popular in Japan, the rate of heart disease and cancer is going up there as well. People are also eating more meat and dairy food in other countries, in which the disease rate is going up along with the change of the way people eat. Doctors everywhere suggest people eat more grains, fruit and vegetables and less meat and dairy food.
Eating healthily is important for children as well as their parents. When parents have poor eating habits, their children usually do, too. After all, children eat in the same way as their parents. When parents eat healthy food, the children will learn to enjoy it, too. Then they will develop good eating habits. Doctors suggest parents give their children healthier food such as fruit, vegetables and juice.
Everyone wants to live a long, healthy life. We know that the food we eat affects us in different ways. For example, doctors believe that fruit and vegetables can really protect people from many different diseases. On the other hand, animal fat can cause diseases. We can change our eating habits now and enjoy many years of healthy living.
The question is: What is the USDA in the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:A group of doctors in the US.
B:An office of the US government.
C:A report on diseases in the US.
D:An order given by the US President.A few years ago, David had the idea of selling CDs over the Internet. He started his work from his home. Now he sells over 500,000 CDs a year and has made himself into a millionaire , at the age of 24.
"I could see that this was the future of shopping," says David. "Why should you pay $15 for a CD and spend the time and the money going into the shop? You know sometimes you have to find a place for your car too. You can have the same CD for half of the price by clicking on your computer. And we can find any CD you want and bring it to your door in 24 hours!"
David said this is the only beginning, "One day we'll do our shopping over the Internet: it's easier, quicker and cheaper. Shops and supermarkets will be the past."
The question is: What can we learn from the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:More than half of the people like to shop on the Internet.
B:Shops and supermarkets will be the past in the future.
C:Some people don't like to go shopping over the Internet.
D:It's easier, quicker and more expensive to do our shopping over the net.One morning, Mr Black was driving in the country and looking for a small hotel. When he saw an old woman on the side of the road, he stopped his car and said to the old woman, "I want to go to the Sun Hotel. Do you know it?"
"Yes," the old woman said,"I will show you the way." She got into Mr Black's car and they drove about twelve miles. When they came to a small house, the old woman said, "stop here!" Mr, Black stopped and looked at the house."But this isn't a hotel." He said to the old woman.
"No"the old woman answered, "This is my house. And I'll show you the way to the hotel. Turn round and go back nine miles. Then you'll see the hotel."
The question is: What's the relationship between the two persons?
The possible answers are:
A:They didn't know each other.
B:They were good friends.
C:They were husband and wife.
D:They were mother and son.If you go into the forest with friends, stay with them. If you don't, you may get lost. Sit down and stay where you are. Don't try to find your friends, but let them find you instead . You can help them find you by staying in one place. There is another way to help your friends or other people to find you. You can shout or whistle three times. Stop for a while. Then shout or whistle three times again. Any signal given three times is a help.
Keep up shouting or whistling. Always three times together. When people hear you, they will know that you are not just making a noise for fun. They will let you know that they have heard your signal. They will give you two shouts or two whistles. When a signal is given twice, it is an answer to a call for help.
If you don't think that you will get help before night comes, try to make a little house with branches . Make yourself a bed with leaves and grass.
When you need some water, you have to leave your little branch house to look for it. Don't just walk away. _ When you are lost, the most important thing to do is stay in one place.
The question is: If you get lost in the forest, you should  _
The possible answers are:
A:try to find your friends
B:stay in one place and make signals
C:walk around the forest
D:shout as loudly as possibleValentine's Day  is on February 14th every year. On this day, people send valentines to their loved ones, Valentine's Day is a special time to tell how much you care about a person.
Many people send candy in hearted shaped("")boxes to people they love. Flowers are also presents that people send on Valentine's Day. Valentine cards with words are often used by many people.
Can you guess who gets the greatest number of Valentine cards in the United States each year? Is it mother or father, sister or brother? Is it uncle or aunt? Is it the special friend? No, it isn't!
Mothers get a lot of cards, but school teachers get the most each year. Do you know who sends the most? Children do. Children send five times as many on February 14th as adults do.
The question is: Teachers get the most Valentines because   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:they send the most
B:students have too much money
C:so many students love their teachers
D:the valentines are only made for themJessie felt her life so boring one summer day.She was tired of watching TV.She read all her books,and her friends were on vacation.She wanted something different to do.Suddenly,she saw the lawn mower sitting in the yard.
"Mom,"she shouted,"I think I will mow the lawn."Her mom ran into the yard and said,"Oh no,you don't.You're too young to mow the law."
"I'm fourteen years old and know how to do it,"Jessie said."Besides,it would help Dad out,and he won't have to worry about it over the weekend."
Mom thought for a while and then decided to let Jessie have a try.After all ,she was home and would _ her.Jessie already knew how to start the lawn mower from watching her dad.Jessie checked the gas to make sure it was full,and put on her gardening gloves to protect her hands.Mom watched from the kitchen window.Jessie really does know how to mow the lawn.She was very careful around the flowers and trees.When she finished,she felt so good,but she was so hot.Mom brought her some ice tea and said,"You did a great job.Dad will be very surprised."
Later that day,Dad came home and said to Jessie's mom,"You didn't have to mow the lawn.I was going to do it on Saturday.It looks great.Thanks."
"I didn't mow it.Jessie did.""Wow,our little girt is growing up!"Dad told Jessie what a great job she had done."It was fun,and I will do it again next week,"said Jessie.
The neighbor next door came by and asked Jessie if she wanted to mow his lawn and make some money."Sure!"said Jessie.Jessie began mowing his lawn.Two other neighbors asked so,then another three.Jessie was now mowing lawns for them all and making some money.She was no longer bored!"I won't have time to spend my money,"she laughed to herself.
The question is: What does the text mainly tell us?
The possible answers are:
A:Neighbors should learn to help each other.
B:Mowing the lawn is a good way to make money.
C:Doing something helpful can make people happy.
D:Children should help their parents at an early age.One day when some government officials  were building a barn , they found a mouse hole in a corner and used smoke to make the mice inside the hole come out. A while later they indeed saw mice running out, one after another. Then, everyone thought that all the mice had escaped. But just as they began to clean up, they saw two mice squeezing out at the mouth of the hole. With some efforts, the mice finally got out. However, it was strange that after they came out of the hole, they didn't run away immediately. Instead, one chased after the other near the mouth of the hole. It seemed that one was trying to bite the tail of the other.
Everyone was puzzled , so they stepped near to take a look. They realized that one of the mice was blind and couldn't see anything, and the other was trying to allow the blind mouse to bite on his tail so that he could pull the blind one with him to escape.
After seeing what happened, everyone was speechless and lost in thought. During the meal time, the group of people sat down in a circle and started to chat about what happened to the two mice.
One serious American official said, "I think the relationship between those mice was that of king and guard ." The other thought for a while and said, "That is why!"
A smart Frenchman said, "I think the relationship between those two mice was that of husband and wife." Again the others thought for a while, and all felt it made sense.
A Japanese said, "I think the relationship between those two mice was that of mother and son." Once again the others thought for a while, and felt this was more reasonable. So they expressed  agreement another time.
At that moment, one Chinese asked, "Why did those two mice have to have a certain relationship?"
Suddenly, the group looked back at the Chinese and stayed speechless. The American official, the French and the Japanese who had spoken earlier all lowered their heads in shame , and did not dare to answer.
In fact, the true love is not built on friendship, loyalty  or blood relationship.
Instead, it is based on no relationship.
The question is: The best title for the passage is   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:Two Lovely Mice
B:Help Produces Love
C:Love Is All
D:Friends in NeedParents are busy today. Sometimes they have to leave their children at home alone. For children, it is important to know how to keep themselves safe when they are at home alone. If you are one of them,what should you do? Let me give you some advice.
When you arrive at your home, you should check the doors and windows first. If they are broken, it says someone must have entered. If so, wait outside and tell your parents or the police. If everything appears normal,you should go inside and lock the door quickly. If something seems strange inside, you should ask your neighbour for help and call the police.
If someone knocks at the door, you should identify the visitor before you open the door. This can be done by saying, "Yes, who is it?" You can also look through the peephole to see if you know the visitor. If you don't know the person very well, don't open the door.
You should not allow strangers to enter the house or give out any information about your family. You should be polite when you talk with the stranger, but remain behind the closed door. If the visitor wants to speak to your parents, you should say that the parents can't come to the door at the moment and offer to take a message.
The question is: The passage is written for  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:Parents.
B:Police.
C:Children.
D:Strangers.It is a very nice Sunday morning. Ann and her mother are on a big bus. There are many people on it. Some are from America. Some are from England and Japan. They are all friends. They are going to the Great Wall. There are two Chinese on the bus, too. They are a young man and a young woman. They can speak English. The young man is the driver of the bus. The woman is talking about the Great Wall. The others are all listening to her. They all like the Great Wall.
The question is: It's    _    today.
The possible answers are:
A:Saturday
B:Sunday
C:Monday
D:WednesdayMolly Daniels opened the door so hard that the door nearly broke it. Then she looked through the window at her neighbor across the yard. " She is in my garden again. Those are my strawberries, not hers. Maybe I should call the police."
Her friend, Doris, was sitting at the table with a cup of coffee in her hands. "You want to call the police because she picks your strawberries?" she asked.
"Of course," Molly answered angrily. "What would you do if your neighbor walked into your yard without your _ and picked your strawberries?"
"I would say, better here the bees."
"The bees don't take my strawberries."
"But the birds do," Doris continued. "That old lady only picks a few strawberries every year, and the only ones she picks are those you leave to the birds. Why don't you pick some of your good strawberries and give them to her?"
"Are you crazy? What are you thinking?'
"Don't you remember what happened when you were in hospital last year? She went to see you and gave you a pot full of chicken soup. When you give her the strawberries you can tell her that you still remember that."
Molly was shocked. She had almost forgotten that little kindness because she was too angry. Then she picked a basket of good strawberries and went out. Through the window, Doris could see that the anger on Molly's face changed into a bright smile.
The question is: Which sentence is similar to the sentence "I would say, better here than the bees."?
The possible answers are:
A:It's better to let the neighbor pick the strawberries than to give them to the bees.
B:The bees are better than the neighbor.
C:The bees like strawberries more than the neighbor does.
D:The neighbor is good at picking strawberries.Michael Jackson was one of the world's best singers. He was born in the middle west of the city of Gary, Indiana,in 1958. He began singing with his four brothers. They called the group, "The Jackson Five". The group became very popular after appearing on a television program. In 1970 the group made their their first record with the name of I Want You Back. It was very popular. One of their hit records was Never Say Goodbye.
Michael was good at dancing as well as singing, for example, his dance moves and moon walking. He was asked to act in a film in 1978 for the first time, and in the same year he made a record on his own, which was sold eight million _ all over the world.
Michael nearly didn't go out because he was too famous. Once his fans went off in a faint when they saw him at the concert. No one can do it by now. He lived in a large house and kept lots of animals. He never ate meat. He often raised money for charity. This made him win the Guinness world Records in 2006. He died on June 25th, 2009, but he would live in our hearts forever.
The question is: Michael was good at   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:rock music
B:street dance
C:playing the piano
D:moon walkingThere is a big supermarket  near Mrs. Green's home. She usually goes there to buy food. The shop assistants are polite and helpful. The things are cheap, too.
One day, Mrs. Green goes to the supermarket. She buys some noodles. Biscuits are also their children's favorite food. And she buys some milk. Her children always have milk for breakfast. Mimi likes fish and Tim likes hot dogs. She buys some fish and sausages for them, too. Mrs. Green doesn't have any rice at home. So she buys a bag of rice, but she can't take it. It is very heavy. Her husband, Mr. Green is coming to the supermarket and carry the rice.
The question is: . Where's the supermarket?
The possible answers are:
A:In Mrs. Green's house.
B:Near Mrs. Green's house.
C:Under the street.
D:In the mall .Mr. and Mrs White have a son and two daughters.  They have a cat and a big house. In front of the house there are some trees and two cars. On weekends they go to the beach . Mr. White works from Tuesday to Friday. Mrs. White works from Tuesday to Saturday. They are teachers. Their students like them very much. There is a gym  near their house. They often go there to watch soccer games because their son's favorite sport is football. Mr. White's favorite sport is table tennis. Their daughters don't like sports. They like to see movies. Their family are very happy.
The question is: What is in front of their house?
The possible answers are:
A:Some trees and two cars.
B:A gym.
C:Two cars.
D:Some trees, two cars and a gym.Answers to life can be found in everyday events. Watching nature, watching people and watching animals communicate with each other provide some of the simplest ways to life's biggest problems.
This became clearer to me yesterday. It caused me to ask myself, "How do I respond   to the storms in life?"
People usually run when it starts to rain. I love to walk in it, stand on my front door and feel it. I grew up doing it and have never really felt the fear many people do.
The animal world senses changes in the weather far earlier than humans. My dog, Ricky, begins to shake long before the storm is close enough to be noticed. I was about to feed my three dogs yesterday and as usual, I let them out in the yard first. They didn't move when thunder came across the skies. So I placed their food in their bowls and called Ricky into the kitchen.
Ricky was just standing there in place next to his bowl. The thunder became louder, which forced him to stop eating his meal. Then I watched Phil. He made his way across the kitchen floor and stood over Ricky's bowl. He ate all the remaining food. Generally, if Ricky was standing there, he wouldn't dare   come close. But today, he took advantage   of the storm and got what he wanted. His hope for the prize outweighed   his fear of the storm.
That's when it hit me. As men, we face all kinds of storms. They come in unannounced. Sometimes we stay in a corner or under the blankets, hoping it will all pass. However, if you dare put your head out, you'll discover there're people doing what they must to get what they must have out of life. Isn't it time you decided to take advantage of the storm?
The question is: From the passage we can learn that the writer   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:enjoys the rain
B:fears thunder
C:hates the storm
D:cares little about the weatherGood afternoon! My name is Sarah. I'm twelve. I'm a student. Nice to meet you!
Look at this. What's this in English? Oh, it's a pencil case  . It's red. What's in it? Look! This is a ruler. It's green. This is an eraser. It's white. This is a pen. It's yellow. My pencil case is new and it is very nice. I like it very much. Tomorrow is Saturday. It's a hot day. Let me go swimming. I like summer.
The question is: There is a   _   in her pencil case.
The possible answers are:
A:yellow pen
B:red ruler
C:green pencil
D:red pencilDear Editor, 
I am unhappy these days.I am a student in Grade 3 of a middle school. I want to be a policewoman in the future.  But my mother doesn't like the job. She always  says it is too dangerous for a girl to work as a policewoman. She thinks girls should work in the office. She hopes that I can work as a teacher. But I really dislike being a teacher. I don't like work with children. When I talk with her about it , she is often angry. She always thinks she is right. I don't know what to do. Can you help me?
Yours,
Lily
The question is: Which of the following is TURE ?
The possible answers are:
A:Lily's mother is right
B:Lily thinks it's terrible to be a policewoman.
C:Lily's mother likes to talk with Lily about the job.
D:Lily needs the editor's help.You may not have heard the words "freshman fifteen" before, but they are very important for students who are entering university. A freshman is a first-year college student. "Fifteen" refers to fifteen pounds--the fifteen pounds added to a student's weight in his or her first year. There are a number of reasons why first-year university students gain (n) weight; but it's encouraging to know that freshmen don't have to add these harmful fifteen pounds.
Mistakes choosing food
University kitchens serve many kinds of food. Some students choose unhealthy food,because now their parents are not nearby to help them choose. Some students visit the kitchen many times while studying. Late at night, some students get harmful fast food such as fish and chips with Coke to drink. Students also have less time for walking, running, and doing sports because of their schoolwork.
Eating right
If you,re careful, you don,t have to add fifteen pounds. Here are some ideas:
l Think more about what you eat.
l Eat plenty of vegetables and healthy meats.
l Don't eat desserts full of sugar; have fruit after dinner.
l Try not to eat so much unhealthy food while you study.
l It,s all right to have a little fast food sometimes--but not often.
l Write down the foods you eat.
l Walk, run, do sports--move and you will feel better!
Remember that the "freshman fifteen" can happen to anyone. Talk to your friends about it. Together, try to eat healthy food and not to eat unhealthy food. Walking, running, and playing sports is always more fun with friends. Help each other and you can have a healthy and happy freshman year.
The question is: The "freshman fifteen" is      _  .
The possible answers are:
A:weight that high school students gain
B:weight that first-year university students can gain
C:fifteen pounds of food that first-year students eat
D:fifteen students who eat unhealthy foodHave you ever heard of e-waste(electric waste,), which can be produced every day? How do you deal with your computers, MP4 players and mobile phones when they're broken or you want a new one?
Most people just throw them away. With the development of electric industry, e-waste pollution has become a serious problem. According to the United Nations, in 2014, people around the world produced 41.8 million tons of e-waste and only recycled 6.5 million tons. The US was the biggest waster, producing 7.1 million tons. China came second, with 6 million tons.
It's important to pay attention to e-waste. It can either be valuable or harmful , depending on how we deal with it. E-waste is a valuable urban mine . The value of the metals, like gold and silver in the waste around the world, is amazing. And the metals can be reused. But if people throw them away, the toxic chemicals  can get into the earth or air, effecting the environment and people's health.
Apple, for example, now recycle people's used products in China when they are buying new ones. The company will test and repair the used ones and sell them at lower prices. To help reduce e-waste, we can also take computers and phones to see if companies offer recycling programs.
The question is: The following can become e-waste EXCEPT  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:computers
B:mobile phones
C:plastic bags
D:MP4 playersMovies are great things. They have a long time. They tell us many things. There are funny movies, scary movies and also exciting movies. Different people like different kinds of movies. Comedies are welcomed by the people of all ages. Usually old people also like Beijing Operas and documentaries. Young people, especially  boys like action movies and thrillers. They also like western movies. In western movies they learn something about the life of the cowboys  in western countries, like the USA. Go to movies in the cinema or stay at home to watch them on TV. You can learn a lot.
The question is: _   like thrillers best.
The possible answers are:
A:Girls
B:Boys
C:Old people
D:All the childrenWhen you meet someone for the first time, you will get a general idea in your mind of that person in the first moment. Your feelings about other people, however, are really just show the way that you look at yourself. Your reactions to others say more about you than they do about others. You cannot really love or hate about yourself. We are usually drawn to those who are most like us and may dislike those who have the same characters as ourselves that we dislike.
Therefore, you can allow others to be the mirror to see more clearly your own feelings of self-worth. And, you can view the people you judge negatively   as mirrors to show you what you are not accepting about yourself.
To live peacefully with others, you will need to learn patience. A big challenge is to let your judgment of others be a lifelong research of yourself. Your task is to consider all the decisions and judgments you make onto others carefully and to begin to see whether you can use them to help yourself and become whole.
Several days ago I had a business lunch with a man who showed _ table manners. My first feeling was to judge him as rude. When I noticed that I was judging him, I stopped and asked myself what I was feeling. I discovered that I was nervous to be seen with someone who was eating with his mouth open and loudly blowing his nose. I was very surprised to find how much I cared about how the other people in the restaurant judged me.
Remember that your judgment of someone will not serve as some kind of protective thing against you becoming like him. Just because I judge my lunch partner as rude, it does not prevent me from ever looking or acting like him. In the same way, my patience to him would not cause me to suddenly begin eating my food with my mouth open.
When you get close to life in this manner, those with whom you hate very much as well as those whom you admire and love can be seen as mirrors, guiding you to discover parts of yourself that you dislike and to embrace your greatest characters you are proud of.
The question is: Why did the writer feel bad when he was with his lunch partner?
The possible answers are:
A:Because he was afraid he himself might get the bad habits.
B:Because he was too angry to go on with his lunch any more.
C:Because he was afraid he might be thought badly of by others.
D:Because he was too nervous to speak his opinions out right there.Daniel comes from Sydney. He is now staying in Beijing with his family. He usually gets up at about 6:30 am and has breakfast at 7:00 am. Then he leaves home at 7:15 am.
He gets to school at 7:45 am. His first class begins at 8:00 am. There are four lessons in the morning. Morning classes are over at 11:50 am, and he has lunch 10 minutes later.
Afternoon classes begin at 1:30 pm. There are two lessons in the afternoon. They are over at 3:10 pm. Daniel usually stays at school for another hour to play soccer, and then goes home.
The question is: How many classes do they have a day?
The possible answers are:
A:Four.
B:Two.
C:Six.
D:Eight.June 6this National Eye Care Day. It is a good chance for us to improve our eye health. What are common eye problems we have today? How can we protect our eyes? Read on to find out the answer.
Eyes are important in our everyday life. We use them to read books, see colors and view the wonders of the world. But sometimes, we use them too much and it hurts them.
In the past, nearsightedness   was a common eye problem among children. This is mostly because of their bad eye habits, such as watching TV too long and reading books in bed.
However, today's technology is changing the way we live. Children spend more time working and playing in front of computers, smartphones and iPads. US children spend more than 42 hours a week in front of electronic screens  , US' ABC news reported.
This has caused a new problem for our eyes: digital   eyestrain  . People with digital eyestrain may get headaches, dry and red eyes, eye pain, watering and other eye problems.
But don't worry. The following tips can help you protect your eyes. Try them out.
Screen advice:
1. When you are watching electronic screens, keep them at least 30 cm from your eyes. Try not to use     your smartphone in direct sunlight.
2. Blink   more often when you are looking at the screen. This can help to stop dry eyes.
3. Remember to take a 20-20-20 break: every 20 minutes, take a 20-second break and look at something                  20 feet (about 6 meters) away.
4. Spend less time in front of screens. One to two hours a day is OK for your eyes.
The question is: According to the 20-20-20 break rule, we'd better take a break   _   if we need to watch the electronic screens for one and a half hours.
The possible answers are:
A:once
B:twice
C:three times
D:four timesLeo is thirteen years old. He has a brother and a sister. He has 10 tennis bats, 8 baseballs, 6 ping-pong balls, 12 soccer balls and 18 volleyballs, but he never  plays sports. His brother, Neal likes soccer . He is a member  of the city soccer club. He plays soccer every day with his friends. His sister, Nancy likes volleyball, but she doesn't play it.
,,.
The question is: Does Leo play sports?
The possible answers are:
A:Yes, he does.
B:No, he doesn't.
C:No, he does.
D:We don't know.After our hospital visit, my husband and I needed cheering up, so we thought we would treat ourselves to a big breakfast at our favorite restaurant. While we were waiting for our meals, we decided to use all our small change and make our wallets light, so we counted it out as we waited.
I vaguely  remember seeing a man sitting nearby. When our meals arrived, we found a note. It read," Your breakfast has been paid for. Hope you have a lovely day."
It was a wonderful surprise as nothing like that had ever happened to us. He must have thought we could hardly pay the bill. We looked around to thank him, but he had left. As retirees ,we were grateful for the help like this, but it was the kindness of a total stranger that meant so much more to us.
The question is: The old couple went to restaurant for a big breakfast in order to   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:become happier
B:become healthier
C:become lighter
D:become youngerDo you like traveling? Have you traveled to Los Angeles? Have you traveled to the moon? A rich man plans to live on Mars. Is it the beginning of a science fiction novel? In fact, it happens in the real world. Elon Musk is the founder and CEO of a private spaceflight  company. He has said his plan is to live on the planet. He says he plans to live on Mars with a group of fewer than ten people. He will take them on a rocket powered  by liquid oxygen  and methane . Each one should pay $ 500,000 to fly there.
However, these passengers are not going there to travel, but they are going to work. They need to carry tools to build houses and grow crops  there.
Musk believes one person out of every 100,000 people may be interested in making the journey. Then Mars will have sixty-three thousand people in the future.
The question is: What will these passengers do on Mars?
The possible answers are:
A:They will learn English there.
B:They will make friends there.
C:They will go there to travel.
D:They will build houses and grow crops there.Dear editor( ),
Can't your newspaper do something about the custom   of hitchhiking?
A short time ago, on a car travel I counted at least 50 people standing beside the road, asking for rides. Many of them were young women.
Don't they understand how dangerous it is to get into the car driven by a stranger? How much do they know about the driver? Is he a good driver or not? They know nothing!
Many of these young hitchhikers may come from good families. Don't their parents teach them anything about the world? I always taught my children not to talk to strangers. I never let them take rides from people they didn't know.
Isn't there enough crime   today without asking for trouble by hitchhiking? On the other hand, hitchhiking may bring some traffic trouble. Don't you think what I said is true?
A Worried Grandfather
The question is: The Worried Grandfather  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:was hit by a car when he was standing by the road
B:is a good driver and often gives free rides to strangers
C:is in trouble now and he wants to get some help from the newspaper
D:sees much of the world and he is very carefulWei Hua had a busy day yesterday. She got up before 7 o'clock in the morning, and quickly washed her hands and face. She got to school early. She had a little rest after lunch, but worked hard in class all day. She played basketball after school, and then she walked home.
Wei Hua's pen was broken, so she needed a new one. On her way home she bought a new pen at a shop. When she reached home, she had a short rest and a glass of water. After that she helped her parents. She quickly cooked the supper, and cleaned the house.
She watched TV for half an hour after supper. Then she started her homework. She finished it at half past nine. She went to bed before a quarter to ten.
The question is: Yesterday Wei Hua was   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:ill
B:busy
C:sad
D:happyWhat do you call a school with no tests, no grades, no classes, and no teachers? Students of the Met School and their parents think it to be the best school in the world.
The school is in Rhode Island, USA. Dennis Littky opened it in 1996. He was fired  from two other schools, because many parents of the school students were happy with his unusual ideas. The school takes poor kids who are failing  at schools. Nearly  everybody has already given up  these students and their parents want to try anything. The Met School gives Littky a great place to try out his new ideas.
"The word that most kids use when they talk about high school is 'boring'," says Littky. "But no one would say the Met was boring." Advisors  (not teachers) work with small groups of students for four years. Students spend almost half of their school time learning real-life skills , such as working for business , spending time with government  people, and helping teach younger children. Instead of  tests, the students give shows about their work outside school.
In fact, students work harder here than in other schools. All the students from the Met graduate and can choose to go to a good university  . Now, Bill Gates is starting schools like this one around the USA.
The question is: _   think(s) that the Met School is the best.
The possible answers are:
A:The headmaster of the Met School.
B:The student outside the Met School.
C:All the students and their parents from the Met School.
D:The teachers at the Met School.Canada geese are large blue and white birds .When autumn arrives ,they have to fly south where the weather is warmer .The winters are so cold in Canada that the birds will die if they stay there .
Last spring ,Bill Lishman found sixteen young Canada geese on his farm "They had lost their parents , "Bill thought . "These young birds won't know what to do in the autumn .
Bill had a small plane and he decided to teach the birds to follow him .All through the summer ,he went on short trips in his plane and the young geese flew after him ."
When the cold weather arrived in autumn ,Bill flew to Virginia in the United States ,600 miles south from his home in Canada .The geese follwed him all the way .Bill flew to Virginia and returned home .
This spring ,Bill was waiting for the birds to come back .They didn't arrive ,so Bill flew to Virginia to get them .He looked for them for two weeks but he couldn't find them .
When he arrived back home ,Bill found the geese waiting for him .Then had found the way home without him !
The question is: The birds returned to Bill's home  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:in Bill's plane
B:by themselves
C:in the winter
D:in the autumnEveryone is afraid of something.
Tommy, 11, is afraid of the dark. Rachel ,11, is most afraid of the big jellyfish  in Australia. Morgan, 9 ,wishes she would stop being afraid to ride a bike on busy streets.
What's fear ? Fear is a feeling that everyone has, and that's a good thing because fear is there to protect us . When the fear comes ,it  means we may meet something dangerous.
For the fear of dark , a kid could have much imagination .What's under my bed ? Is there someone breaking into  my house ? With the help of a parent , kids can get more comfortable in the dark. Using a night light to see that there's nothing there can also help fight that fear.
For other fears ,we needn't fight . If you're afraid to ride your bike on a busy street ,you're right ! You should be afraid because it's dangerous. There's no need to fight a fear like that . Find a better place to ride.
It's also ok for Rachel to be afraid of the big jellyfish because it's really dangerous . But it lives only in some waters. So when she's not swimming in one of them ,there should be no worries about the big jellyfish.
Here is some advice about fighting fears from kids.
Monique,10, says when you are scared, just think about happy times . Eight-year-old Jessica finds that taking a deep breath helps when you're scared. Amanda ,10, thinks kids should talk with a parent . Dustin ,11, likes to talk with a group of friends.
The question is: Which piece of advice is not mentioned about fighting fears ?
The possible answers are:
A:Talking with others .
B:Taking a deep breath .
C:Thinking about happy times .
D:Regarding fears as challenges.Huaihua Foreign Language School
Lin Nan, Teacher of English
Yingfeng Street, Huaihua, China
Tel:0745-2709348 Fax:0745-2709756
E-mail: Linan@21cn.com
Bp:1240822018Zip code:418000
Daqing Children's Hospital
Liu Hong, Doctor
12 Xingling Road, Changchun, Jilin 130027
Tel:0431-5645972
13704358529(mobile)
Fax:0431-5768904 E-mail:cclh@163.com
Red Star Farm
Zhang Hui, Farmer
Shangping Village, Zhejiang, 419100
Tel: 0745-6826194
13973098479(mobile)
Bp:1270803706
Tiantai Taxi Company
Yang Jun, Driver
235St. Tongzhi, Hangzhou, Zhejiang 31007
Tel:0571-7038385 Fax:0571-7065834
E-mail:hzyi@163.com Bp:1992301636
The question is: We can call   _   when we want to take a taxi to Hangzhou Railway Station.
The possible answers are:
A:13973098479
B:0745-2709348
C:1992301636
D:13704358529My Town the Best Place to Be!
My town is a great place to live in . It's the best place to enjoy your free time. There are three movie theaters in the town. They are all good, but the one nearest my house is the best. Shopping is also easy, There are many shops and most of them are trendy. They sell very fashionable clothes. The prices are also cheaper than in other cities, so students love to shop here. There are also a lot of video and music stores. These are very popular with students. I go to the music store every week to buy a new CD. The most crowded place for students to hang out is the park . Everyone goes there ,so it's really interesting.
Sometimes there are even street performers. Some students think they are boring ,but I think they are the most creative people. I want to be a street performer, too .
The question is: The cinema nearest the writer's house is   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:the best
B:the worst
C:the most crowded
D:the smallestGreen Eyes is a book. It's about a lovely cat called  Green Eyes. He is one year old. He is interested in everything around him. He lives in his big red box and greets  spring, summer, autumn and winter--each with their special colours and feelings  .The pictures of the book are beautiful, and the words are easy to read. Many people have different ideas about it. Here're some _ of the readers .
Hello Kitty: It is a great book about how a cat sees the seasons. I'm a teacher and I read it to my students every year when we study the seasons.
A Sweet Girl: I'm a little girl from America. I've got the book on my 12thbirthday this year. My parents buy it for me. I love it so much. I often read it before going to bed.
Warm Wind: I'm Jenny. I'm in the school reading club .We share  our favourite book every Sunday. I share this book with other students in the club. They all like it.
The question is: How much do you know about " A Sweet Girl"?
The possible answers are:
A:She is 13 years old.
B:She's a girl from England
C:Her friend gives her Green Eyes.
D:She loves the book Green Eyes.I was in line waiting to pay. In line there were two people before me. A little boy was buying some rather strange clothes. He chatted with anyone who was interested in the clothes and soon we learnt that he was going to a kindergarten  party. He had done a great job of putting together interesting costumes.
I noticed that the little boy was paying mostly with change . It seemed that he had robbed his pig bank  to do this shopping. However, the cashier told him he was short after counting all the money. The boy thought for a moment and said, "Please keep the shirt and I will come back with more money. "
It was clear that he had already used all the money he had and he was $ 8.00 short. The lady in front of me said, "Well, I could pay half of that. "I told the boy that I could pay the other half. We dug into our handbags. However, both of us only had ten-dollar bills  and we needed the cashier to get the change for us. Other shoppers began digging into their pockets to find some change. It was amazing and touching as all these strangers seemed to react  with the same mind. All wanted to be of help. Within minutes the cashier said, "I have too much money." The cashier didn't need our ten-dollar bills. Then the lady in front of me, who had been the first to offer help, said, "Wait! I didn't even get a chance to give anything!"
I smiled at her and said, "You did your share, because it was your idea and you started all this. " The little boy smiled and thanked us. We wished him the best and he left. I was left with a good feeling. I had seen the love and goodness of others all around me. The woman in front of me smiled and said, "It sure feels good to give, doesn't it?" I smiled back and said, "Yes !"
The question is: Why did the writer and the woman both feel glad?
The possible answers are:
A:Because the boy had saved some money.
B:Because they both didn't need to give anything.
C:Because the cashier didn't look down on the boy.
D:Because all the shoppers around were willing to help the boy.Kate lives in London with her parents. She is a schoolgirl. Today is Kate's birthday and she's fifteen years old. Her father's name is Smith. He works in a hospital. People think he is a good doctor. Kate's mother is a nurse. She is a very good nurse. Kate has two brothers and a sister, and they study in China. Her elder  brother speaks Chinese very well and has many friends there. He is a college   student. But her younger brother and sister are middle-school students. Both of them are studying Chinese very hard and want to be teachers of Chinese in their country .
The question is: What is her father?   _   .
The possible answers are:
A:A teacher
B:A nurse
C:A doctor
D:A workerDo you know Tai Ping Clothes Store? It's a great store. I like it very much. There are lots of things at a very good price in the store. They have sweaters in all colors for 50 yuan . They have bags for sports and school. They sell them for only 4 yuan. They have black T-shirts for only 20 yuan. They have long white socks for just 2 yuan. A red skirt is only 35 yuan. If  you want to buy two, You will spend  only 65 yuan. You buy many things, and then you will   get lots of _ for free . And that's all. You can go to the store and see for yourself.
The question is: John buys a blue sweater and a black T-shirt, so he will spend   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:85 yuan
B:70 yuan
C:105 yuan
D:120 yuanNora, a 17-year-old American, notices that when she has to do a paper for school and researches it on the Internet, she rarely reads a whole page and does deep reading. "I'll read the beginning of a paragraph and then I'll skip  the rest," she says.
While Nora's mother, Martha, loves sitting down with a good book and reading carefully, her daughter may be the wave of the future.
"Deep reading", or slow reading, is a process in which people think carefully while they read. With most, that means slowing down --- even stopping and rereading a page or paragraph to really understand what the author is trying to say.
Last summer, Google CEO Eric Schmidt said he was concerned about what he sees as a decline in slow reading. Instant messages and 140-character tweets appear to be reducing out ability to concentrate on a single idea or theme of a book, he told Foreign Policy Magazine.
It's easy to forget the benefits of deep reading in an age when anything worth doing is done fast. Experts warn that without deep reading, it is impossible to be an educated person of the world, a knowledgeable voter or even an imaginative thinker.
"If you want to have a deep relationship with a text and understand a complex idea, then slow reading is a preferred style. It is good for pleasure, too. It is not a rushed experience and you can lose yourself in a text," said Canadian writer John Miedema, the author of the book Slow Reading.
US' Ohlone College English professor Cynthia Lee Katona says reading is a highly social activity that builds the mind and social connections. If you read, she says, you simply know more and have more to talk about with friends, partners and people you know.
Deep reading can also take a reader on a trip around the world even if they are sitting in a living room armchair, Katona says. Also, deep reading helps people develop thinking, writing and conversation skills.
"If you like beautiful things, authors put words together that are really beautiful and expressive," she says. "If you want to write well--- and there are lots of reasons to express yourself clearly --- you should read."
The question is: The comparison between Nora and her mother's reading habits   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:introduces the wave of future
B:adds a lot of fun for readers
C:explains what deep reading is
D:calls attention to deep readingBetter think twice before choosing a _ for email, online bank or shopping. Simple passwords are easy to be stolen.
A password is like a key to your home. If someone steals it, he'll get chances to steal something else. We use passwords everywhere in our life. We are so used to passwords that we don't pay any attention to them until we lose or forget one.
A study of 28,000 passwords recently stolen from a popular website showed that people often do the easy thing. It found that 16% took a first name as a password. Another 14% used the easiest keyboard combinations such as "12345678"or "QWERTY". 5% of the stolen passwords were names of television shows or stars popular with young people. 3% of the passwords expressed feelings like "I don't care", "Whatever", "I love you" or their opposite, "I hate you".
Robert Graham, who did the study, advises people to choose a password that is longer than eight characters with one capital letter  and one symbol.
Of course, safe passwords don't mean those hard to remember. Forgetting your password is sometimes a big headache for you. Maybe, the perfect password is easy for you and hard for others.
,,.
The question is: Which of the following passwords is considered the safest?
The possible answers are:
A:ZWVHPO.
B:password34
C:wy64#OMv
D:IhateyouMy name is Lisa. Because of my job, I often went to the United States. I often felt worried during my trip because I didn't speak English well. So I decided to learn English.
I went to Mrs Brown's English class. Before I came to the class, I always walked away when I met any Americans. But now I try to talk to Americans in English. And I like going to supermarkets, cafes and restaurants to talk with local people.
I learn English in four ways. First , I listen to the teacher carefully and keep speaking in class. Second, I do my homework after I get home. I learn at least five words every day. Third, I listen to American radio and watch American TV programs. Finally, I surf the Internet to talk with different people in English.
To learn English well, I think you must learn to open your mouth. For me that is the key to opening the door of learning English.
The question is: What's the key to opening the door of studying English for Lisa?
The possible answers are:
A:Listening to American radio and watch American TV.
B:Learning to talk to Americans in English.
C:Listening carefully in class.
D:Learning at least five words every day.One day Tom was playing with his younger brother Paul beside the well  near their home. Suddenly Tom fell down the well. Paul was frightened. Their parents were not at home. Their father was working in the factory and their mother was helping a neighbor. Tom called his younger brother, Paul. Paul looked at the bottom of the well and saw his brother standing in the water of the well. Tom was five feet tall and the water was only three feet deep. Paul was glad to see his brother safe in the well. Then he ran home and brought a long rope.
He was only six and not very strong, so he could not pull Tom out. He was thinking hard and finally had a good idea. He tied one end of the rope to a tree and threw the other end to his brother in the well. Then Tom climbed up the rope and got out of the well. He thanked his brother first and went home to exchange his wet clothes.
The question is: Tom fell down   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:a well near his home
B:a well in the factory
C:a river beside a neighbor
D:a river near the factoryJoanne "Jo" Rowling was born on 31 July 1965, pen name, is a British novelist, best known as the writer of the Harry Potter books. The Harry Potter books are world famous. People bought more than 400 million copies. They have become the best-selling book series in history.Rowling finished the first novel, Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone in 1997. Later Jo published 6 more -- the last, Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows in 2007.
Jo is said to be the twelfth richest woman in the UK. In October 2010, Jo was named the "Most Influential  Woman in Britain.
The question is: Joanne "Jo" Rowling was born  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:on 31 June 1965
B:on 31 July 1965
C:in the USA
D:in CanadaOne day Mr Smith went to a dinner party. He was wearing very old clothes. He came into the room, but people in the room didn't look at him. They didn't ask him to sit at the table. He wasn't happy. But he said nothing.Mr Smith went home quickly and put on his best clothes. He went back to the party. Everyone in the room stood up and looked at him. They gave him good food to eat.Mr Smith took off his coat, and put it on the food and said, "Eat, coat!"
The other people were
and asked, "What are you doing? Why do you do that?"Mr Smith answered, "I am asking my coat to eat food. When I wore old clothes, you didn't look at me. You didn't ask me to sit down. Now I am wearing these nice clothes. And you give me good food. Now see, you give the food to my coat, not to me."
The question is: Which statement is right?
The possible answers are:
A:A person in good clothes should eat good food
B:A good coat should eat good food.
C:We can't judge   a man by his clothes.
D:Mr Smith is stupid  .Animals United
Animals United is a 3D German cartoon which is directed by Reinhard Klooss and Holger Tappe.It is a story about animals that get together to find water.Along their journey, lots of funny things happen, and of course, they have a lot of adventures.
The animals in the grasslands in Africa are waiting for the coming flood.However, this year's flood  seems to come later than in other years.The animals become upset and worried.At the same time, some animals from other places come to the grasslands to look for peace.However, the situation seems worse because the water is becoming less and less.So they decide to look for the river.
Finally, they find the reason why they don't have any water to drink.A dam  has been set up so that humans can have a better life.After a long fight with humans, they let the world know that animals are in danger.
This film is about environmental matters.The humans are the bad and the animals are the good.This film is to give humans a warning that they must not destroy the homes of animals or damage nature in order to improve their own life.Humans should know that animals also have their own world.
The question is: Along their journey to look for the river, the animals find   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:humanssetupadam
B:theriverisbecomingdry
C:alltheanimalsareindanger
D:theworldisgettingwarmerNow the VOA Special English program Words and Their Stories.
( MUSIC)
Many everyday American expressions are based on colors.
Red is a hot color. Americans often use it to express heat. When they are red-hot, they are very angry about something. Fast loud music is popular with many people. They may say such music is red-hot.
Pink is a lighter kind of red. People sometimes say they are in the pink when they are in good health. The expression was first used in America at the beginning of the 20thcentury. It probably comes from the fact that many babies are born with a nice pink color that shows that they are in good health.
Blue is a cool color. The blues music in the United States is the opposite of red-hot music. Blues is slow and sad. Someone who is blue is very sad.
The color green is natural for trees and grass. But it is an unnatural color for humans. A person who has a sick feeling in the stomach may say he feels a little green. A passenger on a boat who is feeling very sick from high waves may look very green. Sometimes a person may be _ because he does not have something as nice as a friend has, like a fast new car. That person may say he is green with envy. Some people are green with envy because a friend has more dollars or greenbacks. Dollars are called greenbacks because that is the color of the back of the paper money.
The color black is used often in expressions. People describe a day on which everything goes wrong as a black day.
(MUSIC)
I'm Warren Scheer. Listen again next week for another Words and Their Stories program in Special English on the Voice of America.
The question is: We say you are in the pink when you are   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:very sad
B:very happy
C:in good health
D:feeling wellIf you travel in some areas of India, you'll be lucky enough to be waited on by special guides - monkeys. These monkeys are always ready to serve you. Hungry, you just need to point to your own stomach and they'll lead you to the nearest restaurant. Thirsty, the monkeys will lead you to a bar. Tired, you put both of your hands behind your head and the monkeys will take you to the nearest hotel. Don't feel surprised when they put out their hairy hands to you after the service is done. They are just asking for a little money as a tip. After that, they will wave their hands as if they are saying goodbye to you.
Believe it or not, these monkeys are from the school for monkeys in India, where they were trained for one year. They are not the only monkey students in the world. Some are being trained as nurses in an American medical college. These monkeys are about to look after patients and help-them with their housework.
A three-year-old monkey named Helen has learned to turn on TV, turn off lights, and open doors and windows when she is told to. Once the job is done, she will rush to her master, hoping to get some food as a reward.
The question is: When you're thirsty, the monkey will lead you to  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:a bar
B:a hotel
C:a restaurant
D:a shopYou should eat well, get lots of exercise if you want to be a healthy kid. If you're healthy, you can study well and can do all the things you want to do, like running around with your friends.
If you're a kid who wants to be healthy, here are some rules for you.
Eat different kinds of foods   If you eat different kinds of foods, you can get the nutrients  your body needs. Eat at least five servings of fruits and vegetables a day.
Drink milk often   Water is the best drink when you're thirsty. But kids need calcium   to grow, and there is enough calcium in the milk. If you are younger than 9 years old, drink 2 cups of milk a day. Children who are over nine years old should drink 3 cups of milk per day.
Limit screen time The more time you spend on the sitting-down activities, like basketball, bike riding, swimming and so on. Try to spend no more than 2 hours a day on the screen.
Be active  For a kid, you should know which activity you like best. Not everyone loves baseball or soccer. Ask your parents to help you do your favorite activities regularly. Find ways to be active every day.
The question is: Why should kids drink milk every day?
The possible answers are:
A:Because they are always thirsty.
B:Because most of them like it.
C:Because there is enough calcium in it.
D:Because it can limit their screen time.There is a library in our school. It is near our classroom. It is on the first floor. Our school library is not very big, but it is very nice. There are many books in the library. Some are in Chinese, some are in English. I like reading very much. I often go there to borrow books. The _ is a woman. She is very good. We all like her very much.
The question is: The library is in   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:our city centre
B:our classroom
C:our school
D:our houseAlice is a busy girl. Now she is relaxing .She is watching the Friday night weather report on television .She likes sunny weather just like today. She wants to know what the weather will be like tomorrow.
She's going to have a picnic  .This is what the reporter is saying, "Good evening and welcome to evening weather report. We are going to have a very different weather across the country..."Alice is sad .She doesn't like raining.
The question is: Which one is right?    _  .
The possible answers are:
A:Alice is busy now
B:Alice doesn't like raining
C:Alice is going to the park
D:Alice is happy nowTed Brown's dream as a child was an unusual one: he wanted to fly. What was more unusual was the way in which he made his dream come true.
After high school, he wanted to join the U. S. Air Force but he failed because of his poor eyesight. However, his dream remained.
At the age of 33, Ted was a truck driver in Los Angeles. One day, while sitting outside in his garden, he watched planes fly overhead and an idea came to him: to use balloons  to fly.
A few weeks later, Ted bought 42 huge balloons. He tied them to a chair and then he sat down in the chair with some beer, sandwiches and a gun. His plan was to fly to 10 meters above his garden, enjoy a few hours in the air, and then shoot some balloons with his gun to get back down. But things did not go as he planned.
Once his friends cut the ropes under Ted's chair, the 42 balloons flew into the sky at an astonishing speed until about 4000 meters above the ground with Ted and his chair. He didn't shoot any of the balloons because he was afraid he might break the balanee  of his "plane". Ted stayed in the sky with his beer and sandwiches for 14 hours, cold and frightened.
Planes heading towards Los Angeles' busy international airport reported the strange sight. And Ted' s balloons caused great danger to them. At last, Ted gathered his courage to shoot a few balloons and slowly landed on the ground, where many policemen were waiting for him.
Ted made his dream come true, but it cost him: he was fined  $ 1,500 for breaking the law about air safety.
When asked by a reporter why he had done it, Ted answered, "A man can't just sit around and do nothing; he should have his dream and go for it. "
The question is: What can be the best title for the story?
The possible answers are:
A:Go for It.
B:A Man with Poor Eyesight.
C:Up High in the Air.
D:Ted's Dream to Fly."Today is Mom's birthday, Mosh," Nick said. "Let's make her favorite banana bread and surprise her."Nick took out a cookbook. "I'll read the recipe, and you follow it. Get out a bowl and a spoon while I turn on the oven." Nick read from the cookbook. "First, mash   the bananas in the bowl."
The robot put the bananas into the bowl and was going to mash them with its hands. "Stop!" Nick said. "Let's try this again. Peel the bananas, put them in the bowl, and mash them with the spoon." Nick watched when Mosh peeled the bananas and put the peel   into the bowl. Again, Nick told Mosh to stop. Then he showed the robot which part of each banana should go into the bowl.
Then Nick read, "Add the eggs. No, wait," he said right away. Nick cracked   the eggs into the bananas.
"Last, add flour  , milk and sugar," Nick said. "Mix everything together. Then pour the batter   into the bread pan." Mosh followed Nick's orders while Nick read the cookbook.
"I'll put this in the oven," Nick picked up the pan.
Just then Kelly came into the room. "What happened in here?" she felt surprised.
Nick answered, "Mosh and I are making banana bread for Mom's birthday. It is a lot of work, but I think she will be surprised."
"If you want it to be a good surprise for Mom," Kelly laughed, "you need to give Mosh one more order. Clean up!"
The question is: How was Mosh going to mash the bananas?
The possible answers are:
A:With the spoon.
B:With its hands.
C:With its legs.
D:With the pan.Read the instructions of the medicine before you take your choices.
Adults : 2 tablespoonfuls 
Children: according to  age
10----14 years 4 teaspoonfuls 
5----10years 2 teaspoonfuls
3----6 years I teaspoonful
Repeat above doses  every 1/2 hour to 1 hour if needed until 8 dose are taken. If you do not get better within two days, see a doctor. SHAKE  WELLBEFORE USING.
The question is: For whom would a dose of two teaspoonfuls be given?
The possible answers are:
A:A grown-up
B:A 10 - to-14 - year- old child
C:A 6 - to-10 - year- old child
D:A 3 - to- 6 - year- old childHi, I am Grace. I have some nice photos.
The first is the photo of my family. The boy is my brother, Bill and the girl is me. And these are my parents. Now we are in Bill's room. We can see his model phone on the bed. His brown trousers are also on it, under his phone.
The second is photo of my friend. Her name is Helen. She's 14. And we are the same age. Helen has hat. But the hat is on the floor. It looks like my black cat.
In the third photo is my cousin, David. He is in the library. He has some books on the desk. They are all about dogs. Do you know why?
The question is: In the first photo we can see   _  people.
The possible answers are:
A:three
B:four
C:five
D:sixMore than seven hundred years ago, the Prince of Wales had a very big and brave dog called Gelert.
One day the Prince wanted to go hunting with his men. He told his dog to stay at home and look after his baby son. The baby was in a small wooden bed.
When the Prince came back from hunting, Gelert ran out to meet him. He wagged his tail and jumped up to put his paws on the Prince's chest. Then the Prince saw the blood on his head. He rushed into his house and found the bed lying on its side on the floor. The clothes were torn and there was blood on them.
The prince thought the dog had killed his son and took out his sword, killing the dog. Just as Gelert was dying, he managed to bark. Then the Prince heard a baby call to the dog. The Prince ran out of the house and saw his son lying on the ground unhurt. Near him was a dead wolf.
The Prince ran back into the house but it was too late. Gelert was dead. The Prince was very sad indeed. Tears ran down his face when he realized he had killed his
friend. The Prince carried the body of his brave dog to the top of a mountain and buried him there. After this, the Prince never smiled again.
If you go to Mount Snowdon in Wales, people will show you where Gelert is buried. There is a sign by his grave. It reminds people of a brave and faithful dog.
The question is: The Prince never smiled again because    _    .
The possible answers are:
A:the wolf was killed by Gelert
B:he had buried the dog on the top of mountain
C:Gelert had killed his baby son
D:he had killed his faithful friend GelertHello!
My name is Becky Sharp. I'm eleven years old. I've got one brother--his name's Jonson and he's fourteen. I haven't got any sisters.
I live with my mum , dad and grandma in a small house in Chesterfield,in the north of England. There are lots of things to do here. My friends and I go to the cinema on Saturdays.
Do you like games? I like football. My favorite team is Manchester United. I sometimes play football with my brother. I'm good at it but he isn't very good.
I've got seven pets--a tortoise and six goldfish. I want a dog or a cat,but my mother doesn't like them.
The question is: Does the girl play football well?
The possible answers are:
A:Yes,she does.
B:No,she doesn't.
C:She's not very good.
D:We don't know.John is an American boy. His family is in China now. John likes chocolates   very much. But his mother doesn't give him any. They are not good for him, she thinks. But John has a very nice grandfather. The old man loves him very much, and sometimes he buys John some chocolates. Then his mother lets John eat them. She wants to make the old man happy. One Sunday evening John says in his room, "Please, God. Make them give me a big box of chocolates tomorrow. It's my birthday." His mother says, "God can't hear you, my boy." "I know, but my grandfather is in the next room. He can hear."
,.
The question is: Who often buys some chocolates for John?
The possible answers are:
A:His grandfather.
B:God.
C:His mother.
D:Himself  .A great way for teens to cool off during the summer is at water parks. If you live near a water park, you might think about getting a season pass. This way you can go as often as you like.
Check to see if there are any water parks around you. Many are indoor facilities. So even if it isn't warm enough where you live to swim outdoors, you can enjoy swimming in a temperature controlled area.
The prices are usually good. For example, one ticket to Water World, a water park, is only $5.
Some teens like to get a part time job over the summer to make some pocket money. Older teens shouldn't have much trouble finding jobs.
An idea is to get some teens together to form your own summer job business. You can walk dogs, bring in the newspapers, feed the cats, collect rubbish, water flowers, etc.
Being that it's summer, many people go on vacation and could use someone to look after their houses while they're away. You can also think about other jobs you can do for them.
Teens love freedom. Sure you would like to get to such places as the small, movie theaters, the zoo, the beach, picnic, bowling and local amusement park instead of staying home all summer. Then a summer bus pass will be helpful. Check to see if your area has one for you teens.
Such a pass costs only $10 for the whole summer. The price is reasonable  and also your parents don't have to always drive.
The question is: A summer bus pass is helpful for teens to   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:find part time jobs
B:go out for fun
C:go to summer classes
D:do outdoor sportsIf you often feel tired and the doctor can't find anything wrong with you, you may be in a state of subhealth . Subhealth is a state between health and illness. Most of the subhealthy people are middle-aged ones who are usually stressed out because of work and family. And some of them are students who are having exams.
If you are subhealthy, it is not difficult for you to become well soon. You should have good living habits. For example, you should get up early and go to bed early. And you should exercise regularly . Exercising can keep you healthy. As for meals, it is better to eat less salt and sugar. Vegetables, fruit and fish are important to your body. You should eat more of them. It is not good to eat too much at one meal, because it may cause unhealthy changes in the digestive tract . And at last, a balanced diet is very helpful in staying away from subhealth.
The question is: How may you feel if you're subhealthy?
The possible answers are:
A:Happy
B:Comfortable
C:Tired
D:SadFamous Places around the World
Mexico
The best time to visit Mexico is spring. The weather in Mexico is hot and wet for most of the year, except in Mexico city. It can get very stormy at the end of August. And you should keep in mind that hurricane seas on lasts from June to November.
South A frica
South Africa has a pleasant climate, with lovely warm sunny days for most of the year. The summer is from November to February, and the weather is really hot at this time. In August, it's winter and the weather is usually warm, except at night.
Greece
The best time to visit Greece is April to June. If you just want to sit on a beach and see the sunshine every day, then August is the perfect month. But, be careful! Temperatures are really high. In the southeast of Greece, it might be 30--35 centigrade.
Australia
It's winter in Australia in July and August. The hottest months are from November to March. The best time to go is September or October. It's warm enough to swim in the sea. It's cool enough to tour around, and it's not too rainy. If you prefer it colder, go in August.
The question is: For most of the year, the weather in South Africa is   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:cool and rainy
B:hotand wet
C:warm and sunny
D:cold and snowyWhen I was a child, my parents always told me that I should never talk to strangers. This was part of a whole list of things I should never do: Never accept food or candy from strangers, never get in a car with strangers, and so on.
But if we didn't start a conversation with strangers, we'd never make new friends. We'd never get a job. We may miss the joy that comes from talking with strangers. And the more people you know, you more chances you can get.
The following passage offers you some advice on how to break the ice.
Don't just stare at your shoes. Go and say "Hi" to that new guy. It will be easier to break the ice if you know more about different cultures.
British: Beautiful day, isn't it?
The weather in Britain is changeable. So, it is one of the topics the British care most about. And there's a simple rule: Say "Yes" whether you agree with the person's idea on the weather or not. That's because the British start a conversation using the weather so that they can continue their talk.
French: Where did you go on holiday?
To talk with a French person, the safest way is to ask his or her last holiday. French students enjoy a 10-to-15-day holiday every two months. French employees get more than six weeks of holidays per year.
American: So, where are you from?
The US is so big and people move so often that location is always a source  of talk. You can try to find a connection with the place they're from. For example, if someone's from Los Angeles, you could say:"Oh, I have a friend who studied there"
The question is: The location is always a source of talk in America because  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:They are energetic
B:They love their home
C:Los Angeles is their location
D:The US is so big and people move so often,A,B,C,D,. Luisa is from the USA. She lives in New York. She is twenty-one years old. She likes her teaching job. Now she is a teacher in Beijing. From Monday to Friday, she is very busy and gives classes every day. She likes her students a lot and often plays games with them in the afternoon. Her favorite sport is tennis. Sometimes she reads in the reading room  in the afternoon. On weekends, she often goes to see Beijing Opera . She thinks it is very interesting and fun. She collects  many pictures of Beijing Opera. Sometimes she goes to see her friends. She like singing, dancing and drawing.
She has a pen pal in China. The pen pal is a boy, he is from Shanghai. He likes sports and Beijing Opera. They talk about Beijing Opera in the letters. Luisa wants to go to Shanghai to see the pen pal one day.
The question is: Luisa works   _   a week.
The possible answers are:
A:eight hours
B:two days
C:five days
D:six daysA group of fifteen-year-old students at Sunshine School are holding a charity sale to raise money to help their classmate Lisa. Lisa had cerebral palsy  when she was a baby. People who have cerebral palsy have trouble walking. Although Lisa has to use a wheelchair  to help her get around, she never gives up. And she is always ready to help others.
"Lisa has the chance of standing up, but she needs an operation  which will cost lots of money." Lisa's doctor said.
"I never thought that I could stand up one day. Actually the news is surprising for me. However, when I see my parents are worried about the cost of the operation, I am sad. I am used to my life. I don't mind if I can't stand up." Lisa said. "Now my classmates and some other kind people are helping me. I am really thankful. If I stood up one day, I could try my best to help more people."
"While helping Lisa, we can also learn a lot. We have learned how to cook cookies  and how to sell them," Betty, one of Lisa's classmates said. "Now we know making money is not easy, so we won't waste money anymore."
Alex, a boy in Lisa's class, told a reporter that they could raise about $100 every day. "We have raised about $2,100 so far. We hope we will raise more money for Lisa's operation." he said.
The question is: How are Lisa's classmates probably raising money?
The possible answers are:
A:By holding a party.
B:By selling home-made cookies.
C:By collecting waste paper.
D:By asking their parents for money.A 13-year-old boy traveled to Washington, D.C. to raise money for homeless kids.
Zach Bonner was pretty tired. Instead of going to camp last summer, Zach decided to walk 668 miles from Atlanta to Washington, D.C. He hoped more people would help homeless kids. His journey to help others began six years ago. Zach walked from his home in Tampa to Tallahassee. Then, in 2008, Zach Bonner went on a 270-mile walk from Tallahassee to Atlanta. In 2010, he did it again, from Tampa to Los Angeles.
Last summer, Zach traveled 12 miles every day on foot. Along the way, he collected more than 1000 letters about homeless children. He hoped to give the letters to President Obama. Zach says he wants his walk to make a difference.
More than 1 million children in the U.S. have nowhere to live. During his journey, Zach spent 24 hours with some homeless children so he could learn the difficulties they face.
When Zach walked the last mile of his long journey, more than 500 supporters, including 300 homeless kids, joined Zach. They went with him down the National Mall. "It was a long walk," Zach says, "but it was meaningful."
Although the journey is difficult and tiring, Zach won't give up. "When homeless kids get tired of being homeless, they don't get to stop. So why should I stop when I get tired of walking?"
The question is: Last summer, Zach Bonner   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:went to camp
B:learnt to face difficulties
C:wrote letters to President Obama
D:walked from Atlanta to WashingtonTaking away a city's rubbish is a big job. Every day trucks come into a city to collect it. Most rubbish is made up of things we can't eat or use. If we kept these things we would soon have a mountain of rubbish.
In some cities the rubbish is collected and taken outside of the city to a dump . Often the city dump is placed where the ground is low or there is a big hole. The kitchen rubbish is broken into small pieces and sent into the sewage system. The _ system takes away the used water from toilets, bathtubs  and other places.
To keep mice and flies away, some earth is used to cover the newly dumped rubbish. Later, grass may be planted on the rubbish-filled land. Finally, a house or a school may be built there, and then you'd never know that this had once been an old rubbish dump.
In other cities the rubbish is burnt in special places. The fire burns everything but the metal. Sometimes the metal can be used again in factories where things are made of metal. The food parts of rubbish are put in special piles where they slowly change into something called humus , which looks like black earth. It is rich with kinds of things that feed plants and help make them grow.
The question is: How should we take care of a used metal box according to the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:By burning it off.
B:By putting it in water.
C:By throwing it away.
D:By reusing and recycling it.Have you ever thought about your life after you grow up? It is not easy --- that's what some US students say after they try out adult   life at school.
Mount Logan Middle School, Utah, has an activity called Reality Town. Each student gets a "job" and some money. The higher the grade  , the better the job they can get. Then, they have to pay for different things in the real world, such as transportation   and groceries . Some of them have a "husband  " or a "wife" and maybe a few "kids". Student Jason Peisley, 13, became a father with a 5-year-old girl. The hardest part for him was paying taxes  ."I make $90,000 (571,000 yuan), but after I pay my taxes, I only have $66,000 left," he said. " _ " "It's a _ for these students," said Greg Aullman, a teacher at Mount Logan, "to learn how much it costs to live. So, they'll study harder than before and love their parents more. "
The question is: Where is Mount Logan Middle School ?
The possible answers are:
A:California .
B:Washington.
C:Utah.
D:Oregon.At a nation's saddest moment, its greatest heroes are born.
On September 11th, 2001, many police officers and government officials in America worked day and night to save lives from the big fire at the World Trade Centre. And in Japan, after the serious earthquake, a group of workers showed their courage.
The earthquake on March 11th made Fukushima Nuclear Power Plant  turn off and stop its protective cooling systems. And later, a fire broke out.  Workers were told that the plant's radiation  could be harmful to human health. Hundreds of workers left the plant quickly. However, a group of workers decided to fight against the fire and the damage, though they knew it could cause very serious health problems. There were 50 workers in all, so they were also named the "Fukushima 50". The workers worked in shifts .
People knew little about the workers, who were mainly experts   with the skills to control the situation. One woman said that her father had volunteered to stay there. "I heard that he volunteered even though he would retire  in just half a year and my eyes were filled with tears. I am really proud of him. And I pray for his safe return.
The question is: The passage mainly tells us  _
The possible answers are:
A:what happened in America on September 1l th, 2001
B:"Fukushima 50" stayed in the nuclear power plant bravely
C:who saved many lives from the big fire at the World Trade Centre
D:what Japanese government did after the nuclear power plant was turned offDo you know how to study better? Let me give you some advice about studying. First, don't put off   studying. Many students do that. Then they have to cram   the night before the exam. In fact you need good study habits and study a little every day. This way, you will prepare   better for the exams. Second, plan _ into your study time. For example, if you read 20 pages of the book, you can play one computer game. But only one. Third, stay in a quiet place and turn off your mobile phone. Then you can put your heart into your study. Last, believe it or not, sleeping is part of studying. It can help you learn better. Try to sleep more than eight hours a night. Take the advice, and you will study better.
The question is: How many hours should you sleep a night for the better study?
The possible answers are:
A:5 hours.
B:6 hours.
C:7 hours.
D:9 hours.My husband and I had just opened up a pet sitting business earlier that year. Our customers had slowly risen from three to thirty a month. We were busy through those hot summer months, driving between visits. Our work was strictly done at the pet owner's home. It was almost too busy for the two of us, but we were making good money!
We asked pet owners new to our business to phone two weeks ahead so we had enough time to meet the owners and pets at their homes and make any following meetings before the owner leaves.
One day, we decided to take on a new customer just two days before they would leave. We met the family, filled in a form, and spent some time with their dog, Hercules. He playfully jumped on us and touched our hands and arms using his tongue. The family laughed as he did this, showing us that he was very loving.
Two days later I appeared at the house, alone. I came up to Hercules and said hello happily. I filled up his water bowl and cleaned any messes he made. Meanwhile, he was so lovely sitting beside. I thought this would be the good picture to send to the owners as usual. After the light and "click" sound went off, Hercules rushed at me. I didn't know what had just happened until I noticed the drops of blood. I ran out and did the only thing--calling my husband.
Then I went to neighbors for help. My husband arrived after ten minutes. The helpful neighbor and my husband led Hercules back into his pen . Then my husband and I took off to the hospital.
I must have looked like I was shot when I walked into the hospital. The nurses quickly moved me to a room. I asked the doctor in a weak but playful manner, "Am I going to die?" He replied, "Finally."
The question is: What did the author often do during her work?
The possible answers are:
A:Cleaning the customers' house.
B:Walking the pets outside.
C:Bringing the pets to her own house.
D:Sending a photo of pets to the owners.Tom and his best friend Rob were out of school for the summer. They had been swimming, gone to the movies, played video games, and even built a castle out of some old cardboard boxes. But today they were so bored. "At least we would have something to do." Tom thought for a while and suggested, "Let's make some popcorn and lemonade and sell it outside."
The boys went to the kitchen and asked Tom's mom if she would help them make some lemonade while they popped the popcorn. Tom's mom got the lemons from the refrigerator and also a small amount of sugar. She mixed up the lemonade while the boys started popping the popcorn.
Tom and Rob got a small table from the garage and set it up near the sidewalk. They made a red sign telling everyone that popcorn and lemonade was for sale. The boys sat for about ten minutes before they got their first sale. Mrs. Jenkins, one of their neighbors, was walking her dog. "It's so hot today." "I sure can use a drink," she said. Soon the boys were busy handing out popcorn to Mr. Baker. He was walking down the street sending the mail. "I need a break," he said. "Walking all over the neighborhood gave me an appetite."
The boys had only three popcorn bags left and enough lemonade for three more cups. "Wow, I didn't think the popcorn and lemonade would sell that fast. We made six dollars," said Tom. "If we get bored again before school starts, we can try selling more lemonade with cookies  next time," laughed Rob.
The question is: What did Tom and Rob learn from this experience?
The possible answers are:
A:People might prefer to buy things on sale.
B:They could do something new to have fun.
C:Mr. Baker liked sending mails very much.
D:Mrs. Jenkins needed help to walk the dog.Swee Lin has an interesting hobby . She collects stamps. She spends a lot of time on her stamp collection  after school hours. She has collected hundreds of stamps from all over the world. They are all in color.
Swee Lin likes stamps with pictures of animals and birds on them. In this way, she learns the names of many animals and birds. She also borrows books on animals and birds from her school library. She learns many things about them.
Sometimes Swee Lin has many stamps of the same kind. She gives them to her friends. They give her other stamps in return.
Swee Lin writes to her friends in many countries. She sends them stamps of her country. In return, they send her stamps of their countries. Swee Lin's father also gives her stamps. He brings them home from his office for her.
Many of Swee Lin's friends collect other things. Some collect coins  and others collect matchboxes . But, all of them say that Swee Lin's collection is the most interesting of all.
The question is: What does the word "hobby" mean?
The possible answers are:
A:Matchbox collection.
B:Doing things one likes.
C:Keeping coins one likes.
D:Stamp collection.As a music teacher for twenty-seven years.I have always known that music touches the soul .It can break through all kinds of barriers to reach students in a very special way.It can be the means for each child to find their light.
A few years ago 1 was blessed with the chance to teach pre.school students one afternoon a
week.One of my most memorable students was Vanessa.She was five years old.had trouble walking and could not speak.We mostly sat on the floor for our music lessons and Vanessa 1iked to sit on my lap.One of her favorite songs was John the Rabbit.It was a call and response song where I sang the call and the students clapped two tirues while singing the repeating phrase"Oh yes".Vanessa 1iked to put her hands together with mine and clap with me.We performed that song during every class Vanessa and l clapping together.She never said or sang a word.
One day late in the school year when the song was finished,Vanessa turned around,looked at
me in the eye,clapped her tiny hands two times and said the words"Oh yes!"I opened my mouth and could not speak.Through music we had made a connection.
Several years later l came across Vanessa on the street in town. I stopped my car and waved to say hello.She waved back with a big smile on her face and then clapped her hands two times
mimicking the song we had performed in our music class.This lovely little girl through her connection with music left an impression on me that will last forever,
Every child has the ability to learn and grow.1t is up to us educators to discover the way to
reach each and every one of our students. we all must find each child's light.
The question is: The author thinks music  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:can make children calm down
B:can connect heart to heart
C:is difficult for pre.school students
D:is a good means to find a jobNapoga is a 12-year-old girl in Ghana ,Africa.It is hard for her family to get clean water.Every morning,she leaves home at half past five to get clean water for her family from a village far away.It takes her six hours to get enough clean water for daily cooking and drinking.She has no time to go to school or to play with her friends.Millions of people in the world are like Napoga.They can't get enough clean water to keep healthy.
Earth Day is April 22.But on all other days,we must also remember it.The water we use is the most important natural resource on the earth.
Water covers 70% of the earth's surface .But most of that is sea water.We can't use it for many things.Fresh water covers only 1% of the earth's surface.
You probably feel lucky that your life isn't as hard as Napoga's.But that doesn't mean you don't have to worry about water.We all face serious water problems.One of them is water pollution.All kinds of things from cars,factories,farms and homes make our rivers,lakes,and oceans dirty.Polluted water is very bad for people to drink.And dirty water is bad for fish,too.Now,34% of all kinds of fish are dying out.
How do cars and factories make our water dirty?First,they pollute the air.Then,when it rains,the rain water comes down and makes our drinking water dirty.Dirty rain,called acid rain ,is also bad for plants,animals and buildings.
Scientists say that in 30 years,more than half of the people in the world won't have enough clean water.We have to learn how to save more water for ourselves and our children.Here is some advice for saving water:
* Turn off the water while you brush your teeth.You can save as much as 450 liters each month.
* Leaky taps waste a lot of water.Fix them right away!
* You can easily cut your 10-minute showers in half--and you'll be just as clean.
* When you wash dishes,don't let the water run.
* Only wash clothes when you have a lot to wash.If your washing machine isn't full,you're wasting water!
The question is: What's the main idea of the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:Something must be done to prevent water from being polluted.
B:Clean water means much to human beings and living things around us.
C:It's time to take care of the water we use.
D:Water is the most important natural resource on the earth.My name is Zhang Lin. Today is my birthday. I am nine years old. Mom and Dad get a big cake for me. I like it very much. It is on the table now. There are some other things on the table, too. Such as apples, oranges, juice, chicken and some fish. I'm thirsty  now. I want a bottle of orange juice. My friends Li Fan and Bing Jie are coming.
They are knocking  at the door. I have no time to drink. I must open the door now.
The question is: There are some   _   on the table.
The possible answers are:
A:eggs
B:oranges
C:apple
D:ice-creamPeople travel a lot with Bel Air because they know they will get what they want.
They want to go quickly and safely across the country, across the sea or right across the world, and they know Bel Air will take them where they want to go, when they want to go. Bel Air flies all the newest and fastest planes to more towns and cities, in more countries of the world than any other airline.  
Do you want to go to Paris, Washington DC, Tokyo? Bel Air will take you there, at all times of the day and night, right through the week. But Bel Air flies not only to the biggest cities, in the rich counties---we fly two or three times a week to towns and cities in the centre of Asia, Africa and South America.
People who travel a lot fly with Bel Air, because they know they will leave on time and arrive on time. They know that they will receive the best food and watch the best films.
Bel Air is second to none. When you fly, fly with Bel Air.
The question is: The reasons why people fly with Bel Air are the followings except .
The possible answers are:
A:they provide best food
B:people can enjoy best films
C:they can arrive on time
D:the price is not highBarack and Michelle Obama have two daughters: Malia, born in 1998, and Sasha, born in 2001. Before his inauguration, President Obama published an open letter to his daughters in Parade magazine, describing what he wants them and every child in America "to grow up in a world with no limits on your dreams and no achievements beyond your reach, and to grow into compassionate, committed women who will help build that world."
While living in Chicago, they kept busy schedules. Soccer, dance and drama for Malia, gymnastics and tap for Sasha, piano and tennis for both. Malia and Sasha attended the private Sidwell Friends School in Washington, DC. The Obama girls began classes there on January 5, 2009. In his victory speech on the night of his election, President Obama repeated his promise to Sasha and Malia to get a dog to take with them to the White House. On April 12, 2009, it was reported that the Obamas had adopted a six-month-old Portuguese water dog given to them as a gift. The dog was named Bo by Malia and Sasha.
Though Malia and Sasha Obama are the president's kids, it doesn't mean they'll be catered to. The girls are still required to do their chores. Besides bed-making, Malia and Sasha must clean up their rooms and keep on top of their homework. The Obamas want their girls to grow up in a "normal" way.
The question is: Which is NOT the hope of the Obamas for Matia and Sasha?
The possible answers are:
A:To do some housework.
B:To grow up in a different way
C:To do their homework well.
D:To achieve their dreams.A man lived in a village. He had an old cat at home. The cat couldn't run fast, and she couldn't bite, because she was so old. One day, when she saw a mouse, she jumped and caught it. But she could not bite it. The mouse got out of her mouth and ran away.
Then the man became very angry and began to beat the cat. The cat said, "Don't beat your old servant. I know I'm old and can't kill a mouse. But I have worked for you for many years, and I still want to work for you. Be kind to the old, and remember what good work they did when they were young."
When the man heard that, he realized that he was wrong.
The question is: How long did the cat work for the man?
The possible answers are:
A:Several days.
B:A few months.
C:About a year.
D:Many years.Hi! I'm Tom.This is my pencil box. It's orange. My ruler is blue and red .It's in the pencil-box. That is a pencil. It's black. It is not my pencil. It's Lucy's. The white eraser is Bob's. I call Bob at 789-6943. It is his telephone number.
The question is: What color is Tom's pencil-box?
The possible answers are:
A:It's white
B:It's black.
C:It's orange
D:It's blue and red.The planets aren't the only wanderers  of the sky. There're some things even farther and longer. Long after people were no longer afraid of planets, they still thought the comets  were bad objects that traveled in the sky. They were afraid that the comets would suddenly land on the earth and hurt them.
But, in fact, even if a comet did hit the earth, nothing much happened. A comet is really a harmless  thing.
Comets have round heads and long tails , and they are very bright. Sometimes they look like heads with long hair flying with them. That's why they're called comets. Comet means long-haired.
Like the stars and planets, comets are far away. But we can know its size. The head of a small comet is as wide as the Pacific Ocean. And a big comet's head is ten times as big as the earth. Its tail is millions of kilometers long. Then why wouldn't the great big thing hurt us if it hit the earth? Because it isn't solid. It's thin like cloud. Its tail is nothing but bright gas. And its head is made of small pieces and they could not hurt the earth.
Some comets can be seen for a few months. Then they go away. Some of them come back in a certain number of years. Some are never seen again.
Perhaps these comets that never return have broken into pieces. For some _ think that shooting stars  are pieces of broken comets.
The question is: From the passage we know the tails of comets are made of    _  .
The possible answers are:
A:water
B:solid
C:gas
D:small stonesThe following is a true story. It happened in a small village in Australia, where some dangerous animals live in the forest.
Lisa, a 33-year-old mother, went to cook lunch in the kitchen, her 3-year-old son, Barney, playing by himself in the garden.
Suddenly, a loud cry of Barney came into the mother's ears. Lisa rushed into the garden in a hurry and found a big snake entwining the little boy with its terrible body and trying to eat the boy. It was a boa . Lisa was _ and quite angry. She decided to save her son from the boa's mouth.
It was great mother's love that made Lisa forget what she was facing. She took up a hoe from the ground and beat the boa as hard as she could.
One...two...with the hoe, Lisa beat the boa time and time again, but useless. The little boy's voice and breath were getting weaker and weaker. Lisa's heart was broken and she got nearly mad.
Suddenly Lisa put away the hoe and threw herself to the boa, opened her mouth and bit into the boa's back. The boa was so badly hurt that it let go of Barney and moved into the forest hurriedly. It had never known how a woman had such terrible sharp teeth. Soon the boa was found dead in the forest.
It was great mother's love that saved the little boy.
The question is: Which of the following is NOT true according to the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:Lisa was getting weaker and weaker.
B:Lisa got mad when she saw her son in danger.
C:Lisa opened her mouth and bit into the boa's back.
D:Lisa beat the snake with the hoe as hard as she could.What will the future be like? What do you think of it? Here are some answers from some students.
Roy Burns: I think life in the future will be better. Most people in the world will use "green cars" by 2020, so there will be less pollution and people will live to be 200 years old. As for space travel, I would say, we will travel to Mars  and some other stars in about fifty years.
Helen Lester: If we don't take good care of the earth now, our children and grandchildren will be born into a world with too much pollution. There will be fewer trees and more buildings, because there will be more people.
Kitty Smith: I agree with Helen Lester. Things will be worse. The weather in the future will be much hotter. Human beings will have to look for another _ to live on.
The question is: Why does Kitty Smith think human beings will have to live on another planet?
The possible answers are:
A:The earth will be too crowded for human beings to live on.
B:There will be too much pollution everywhere.
C:There will be too many people.
D:The earth will be too hot to live on.Recently hand-foot-mouth disease has spread across China. In the past three months, there have been about 41,846 cases   in 30 provinces and regions. The number is increasing. Eighteen Chinese children have died of the disease so far this year.
What causes the disease and why is it dangerous?
Hand-foot-mouth disease is a common childhood illness. It mainly affects children under the age of 10. It gets its name from the rash   that develops on the hands and feet. It can also cause blisters   in your mouth.
A child who has the disease will usually have a fever, a runny nose and sore throat. He or she doesn't want to eat or drink because of pain in the mouth.
Hand-foot-mouth disease is mostly not serious. The fever and rash clear within a few days. But in some cases, the virus   affects the heart, lungs or brain. This puts the child's life in danger.
A virus causes hand-foot-mouth disease. The disease spreads easily where a lot of young children are together, such as in a child-care center. Sometimes it can also affect teenagers and adults.
In order not to pass on the virus, good hygiene   is important. We should wash our hands as often as possible. Especially we should wash our hands before meals and after going to the toilet.
The question is: More than   _   people have caught hand-foot-mouth disease this year.
The possible answers are:
A:thirty thousand
B:forty thousand
C:four million
D:fourteen thousandEveryone knows that chickens lay eggs . Most people know that all the other birds do as well. But have you ever thought about other animals that lay eggs? They include bees, snakes and some sea animals. When a mother lays eggs, many more babies can be born at once, or in a few days, because there is very little development inside the parent. Animals that do not lay eggs often have fewer babies. Animals lay many eggs because other animals may eat the babies. However, even though some of their babies are eaten, they will still have some more to continue their family.
Some animals that lay eggs do not take care of their young. Turtles come onto the beach and dig holes. Then they put their eggs in the sand and leave. A turtle mother can lay as many as 150 eggs. When the babies come out of the eggs, they must find their own way to the ocean. They must learn how to live on their own. Many young turtles get eaten by other animals.
Most eggs have an outside shell that keeps the growing animal inside safe. The egg shell also keeps the young animal from drying out. After the animal is fully developed, it comes out of the egg.
The animal grows bigger and bigger. Then it can have its own young.
The question is: The passage is probably from  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:a newspaper
B:a science book
C:a sports magazine
D:a story bookIt started as a game.Wendy and Peter were in River Park.They watched the boats in the river and visited the zoo.They played on the slides and swings.They watched the merry-go-round,but they did not have money for a ride.They ate their sandwiches at a picnic table.Suddenly Wendy jumped up.
"I know what to do,"she said."Look at all that junk under the tables.Let's pick it up."
So they picked up paper and empty boxes and cans.They put them in the green cans marked"Litter".Peter's dog Stoopy picked up some paper and ran away with it.Peter called him back and took it from him.Then they taught Stoopy to carry trash for them.They put it in the cans.They worked until there was no trash left on the picnic grounds.
The next day their friends Mario and Andy came to the park with them.They helped to tidy the picnic grounds again.Then they ran all over the park looking for litter.They tried to see who could find the most.After that,it was a game they played every time they came to the park.
One day,a man came with a camera.He watched what they were doing.He asked to take a picture for them.Then he took them all for a free ride on the merry-go-round,even Stoopy.The next day their picture was in the newspaper.It said."Five Litter Lifters at River Park".After that all their friends wanted to be litter lifters.It was the beginning of a club that was a model for others to follow.
The question is: What did Wendy and Peter teach Stoopy?
The possible answers are:
A:Not to bark at people.
B:To empty litter cans.
C:To stand beside them.
D:To help pick up litter.Many years ago, there was an old man who had four sons. He wanted his sons to learn not to judge  things too quickly. So he told them to go and look at a pear tree. It was far away from his home. The first son went in winter, the second in spring, the third in summer, and the youngest son in autumn.
When the sons came back, the old man asked them to say what they had seen. The first son complained the tree was ugly. The second son said the tree was covered with buds  and full of hope. The third son said the tree was full of green leaves. They looked so beautiful, and it was the most wonderful thing he had ever seen. The youngest son said that the tree was bowed  down with heavy fruits. It was full of life and fulfillment .
The man explained that all of his sons were right, but each of them had seen just one season of the tree. He told them that they couldn't judge a tree or a person by only one season. "If you give up when it's winter, you will miss the hope of your spring, the beauty of your summer, and the fulfillment of your autumn." said the old man.
It is true that we shouldn't let the hard season break the happiness of the other seasons. Never give up during the difficult days and better times are sure to come some day.
The question is: Which of the following is true?
The possible answers are:
A:The old man just played a joke on his sons.
B:The four sons all liked the tree.
C:The third son said the tree was beautiful.
D:The pear tree was near his home.In northern China winter is long and cold, lasting from December through March. You can often see snow. Summer lasts from May through the end of August. The best time to visit northern China is spring and autumn. The days are warm but the nights are cool.
Winters in central China feel colder than they look. You will seldom see snow. Winters are short, lasting from January to the end of March. Summers are long hot and humid, lasting from April through September/October. In spring flowers are blooming and the tree's leaves turn green so there is an air of freshness. However, autumn usually sees clearer skies, and it rains a little.
It is very wet in the south and high temperatures last for a long time. Winter from January to March, is short but can feel very cold. But it doesn't snow. Summer through September is the rainy season where temperatures and humidity reach highs. In autumn the heat and humidity weather stops. There is always a chance of rain.
The question is: It never snows in winter   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:In northern China
B:In central China
C:In southern China
D:All over the ChinaThere are many kinds of ants in America.One kind of ants is very strong.People are afraid of them and the other animals are afraid of them,too.
These ants are often in big groups .They eat all the animals on their way.They can kill and eat elephants.And they can eat horses,too.Sometimes they can even kill people and eat them.When the ants come near,people leave their homes.But people are sometimes happy after the ants pass by.Because they can see no insects  or snakes.
The question is: Some ants in America can be very   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:ugly
B:strong
C:friendly
D:shyA strong earthquake has hit the town of Galta 200 kilometres north of Madras. The earthquake hit the town at 7:15 yesterday evening. The earthquake measured  7.2 on the Richter scale , the strongest for five years.
The earthquake happened as most people were having their evening meal at home. There were very few people outside in the streets. Buildings fell down and many fires started. The electricity and water were cut off.
As it was dark, the emergency services had a lot of problems. There was no electricity for lights, and there was no water to put out the fires. Early this morning, planes flew over the town to see the damage.
The emergency services are now trying to reach the town. The nearest airport is at Bandel, about 100 kilometers away. The railway station at Galta is closed, because four bridges fell down in the earth. The nearest train station is 32 kilometres away at Solan. We shall have more reports for you during the day.
The question is: What were the most people doing when the earthquake hit the town?
The possible answers are:
A:Sitting outside.
B:Cutting off the electricity.
C:Staying at home.
D:Starting fires.A blind boy sat on the steps of a building with a hat by his feet. He _ a sign which said, "I am blind, please help." There were only a few coins in the hat.
A man was walking by. He took a few coins from his pocket and dropped them into the hat. He then took the sign, turned it around, and wrote some words. He put the sign back so that everyone who walked by would see the new words.
Soon the hat began to fill up. A lot more people were giving money to the blind boy. That afternoon the man who had changed the sign came to see how things were. The boy recognized his footsteps and asked, "Were you the one who changed my sign this morning? What did you write?"
The man said, "I only wrote the truth. I said what you said but in a different way."
What he had written was, "Today is a beautiful day; I can not see it."
Of course both signs told people the boy was blind. But the first sign simply sign the boy was blind. The second sign told people they were so lucky that they were not blind. Should we be surprised that the second sign was more effective  ?
The question is: What happened after the man changed the sign?
The possible answers are:
A:The boy still got a few coins in the hat.
B:The boy got much more money.
C:No one gave the boy coins any more.
D:No one gave the boy coins any more.New York,London,Paris and other big cities are exciting places to live in. There are many interesting things to see and to go to. You can go to different kinds of museums,plays and films. You can also buy things from all over the world.
But there are some problems in big cities too. It is expensive to live there and there are too many people in some places of big cities. Every year many people move to the cities to find jobs,to study at good schools.
But sometimes these people can't find work or a good place to live in. Also it is hard to keep the cities safe and clean.
Some people enjoy living in big cities,others do not. Before moving to a big city,they should think about the problem of living there.
The question is: To live in a city is very  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:expensive
B:cheap
C:hard
D:interestingIn England,factory holidays come mostly in the period between mid-July and mid-August. State schools usually only have six weeks off, from about mid-July to the end of August.
The coast is the most popular place for the English people to spend their holidays, but there are few seaside hotels. Food in British hotels and restaurants is cheap, but rooms are not. Few English people rent  houses for their holidays, but one of their traditional ways of spending a summer is in a boardinghouse . Some boardinghouse keepers give all meals to their guests, others provide breakfast only.
The British may refuse to change the times at which they take their holidays, but they have shown themselves very ready to go to new places. Every year, more Englishmen, women and children go to some parts of Europe. Many take their cars, crossing the channel by ship. When they get home again, they always talk about how they spend their holidays.
The question is: People seldom rent houses because   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:they don't like to live in houses
B:they don't like to live far from the sea
C:renting houses cost too much money
D:meals are not provided there"Tom? Are you in bed yet?" called Mrs.White. There was no answer. Mrs. White put down her book and went to her 14-year-old son's room. Tom was sitting in front of a bright computer screen on which a motorbike was running fast.
"Oh, Tom. You're still playing on that computer game. You must stop now, it's half past eleven. If you don't go to bed soon, you'll be very tired tomorrow, " said Mrs. White."But I've nearly won the game, " Tom said to Mrs. White. She could see the excitement on his face. She sat down beside him."You're always playing on the computer. You spend more time on this machine than on your homework. "
Today more and more families have computers. Parents hope computers can help their children improve their study at school. But many of their children use computers to play games and watch videos instead of studying. We often see that computer net bars are crowded with people, especially young boys. They spend a lot of money competing  with the computerized   machines. The more they lose, the more they want to win. The result is that they don't want to work or study.
In some countries, even scientists hate computers. They say computers cause millions of people to lose their jobs or cause them a lot of trouble. Computer game addiction  is a serious problem in social  life. Something has to be done to solve the problem.
The question is: Parents hope computers can   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:help their children improve their study at school
B:help their children play well
C:help their children know a lot of Internet knowledge
D:help their children relax themselvesJohn is a good boy. He studies hard and is never late for school. He has a lot of friends. And he often helps them and they like him. But he always thinks himself the cleverest  in his class and looks down upon others.
This term a new student, Fred, comes to his class. He's thin and short and never talks with the boys. So no children know him well. And John laugh at him.But he doesn't mind  it at all.
One day John goes to Mike's birthday party. He sings, dance and show all his talents  to the children. After that he says to Fred, "What are you going to show us, my friend?"
"I'm not clever," says Fred."Can you guess some of my riddles ?"
"Certainly, I can,"says John.
Fred tells some riddles, but John can't guess any.At last the boy says,"Now I'll tell the easiest riddle. Listen to me carefully. You'll guess it this time. An animal has two heads, six legs, a long nose and a short nose. Can you tell me what it is?"
John thinks hard and hard, but can't guess it. His face turn red and says,"What's it?"
"It's a man riding an elephant!"
John doesn't say anything any longer at the party.
The question is: The children like John because   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:he often helps them
B:he looks down upon them
C:he thinks himself the cleverest
D:he knows more than any other childA good hobby is an important part of a teenager 's life. With hobbies, teenagers can become more familiar with history, social science and culture. Here are some hobbies for teenagers.
Collecting
Coins  may be too expensive for teenagers, but postcards, bookmarks even T-shirts can be great things to collect. Teenagers can collect things that do not cost much. Many teenagers enjoy collecting things when they visit a place. No matter what they collect, the most important thing is the information they get from the collection.
Writing
Writing can improve teenagers' language skills. It can be a great hobby for teenagers. Writing a diary can help teenagers enter a private   world. It is important for their development. They can also write stories and poems.
Building
Models, birdhouses and anything else that teenagers make with their own hands can make them happy. Building is a great hobby because it is easy to start. Most teenagers can find interesting things to build. Building can help them improve their creativity.
Music
Do you dream to be a music star? Music can give teenagers self-confidence  . They can sing songs and play an instrument. Sometimes teenagers can learn music in a music club and make friends with the people who have the same hobby.
The question is: Which of the following is TRUE?
The possible answers are:
A:Collecting is easy and cheap.
B:Teenagers can't write poems and stories.
C:Building is the most difficult hobby.
D:Music can give teenagers self-confidence.The Chinese boy is Li Lei. He's thirteen. He's in No.3 Middle School. He's in Class Two, Grade One. His good friend is Jack. He's English. He's in Li Lei's school. He's in Class One, Grade Two. Mrs. Read is an English teacher in their school. She is an English woman and she teaches Grade 3. Jack and Li Lei have a secret . Jack is their English teacher's son.
The question is: Is Mrs Read their English teacher?
The possible answers are:
A:Yes , she is.
B:No, she isn't.
C:Yes, he is.
D:Mr. Read is.Nobody likes to do chores, especially kids. How can you make your kids get into a good habit of doing their chores? Try making chores fun for them.
Play some music:Music makes everything seem like a party, doesn't it? Play your kids' favorite music and let them dance around while they are doing their chores.
Make it a treasure hunt  : It's a good way when you would like them to clean the house. Let them know that you hide   a $5 bill someplace. If they find it, they can keep it.
Change often:If your kids keep doing the same chores for months, they may feel bored. Teaching them a new task   is fun for both you and the kids. They will feel more grown up when they get a new task.
Do it together:It's never fun to be the only one working and watching everyone else relaxing.
If everyone takes part in doing chores, you will finish them faster and have more fun.
,.
The question is: Kids may feel  _  if they keep on doing the same chores for months.
The possible answers are:
A:tired
B:fun
C:interested
D:boredThe Girl From the Street
The workers who brought the girl to the orphanage knew little about her. The streets where they found her had been her home for many years. Her parents were unknown. They left her long ago. At the orphanage, the girl, like all the children there, was taught to read and write. While she was studying at the orphanage, she learned something else--to be independent . At twenty-one, she left the orphanage and began working as a secretary. And then, in 1975, while she was still working as an ordinary secretary, something special happened. She entered the Miss Hong Kong competition and won it. This was the turning point in her life. Now her name, Mary Cheung, was known to everybody.
Mary entered the competition because she wanted to show that orphanage girls could be something. Winning the competition gave her the chance to start a new life. This led her first into television and then into business as a manager. When she was working as a manager, she had trouble with her reports. "My English just wasn't good enough." She says. Luckily, she had a boyfriend (who later became her husband) to help her.
Mary studied management at Hong Kong and graduated in 1980, She started her own business in 1985. But she did not stop developing herself. She then studied at the University of Hong Kong. Since 1987, she had spent a lot of time on photography. She has held several exhibitions of her work in many places---China, New Zealand and Paris. She still found time, however, to work on TV, write for newspapers and bring up her family.
The girl from the street has come a long way, but her journey is not finished yet.
The question is: The sentence "orphanage girl could be something" means that orphanage girls could be  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:popular and successful
B:understood by others
C:Miss Hong Kong
D:known to everybodyHave you seen Avatar(<<>> )? It's a popular 3D movie, and you may have to wear 3D glasses to see it. The 3D glasses make the images from the movie look as if they were coming straight towards you.
More and more 3D movies are coming to theaters. Some say that 3D TV sets will come into our homes in the near future. 3D technology can make TV and movies are more exciting. However, people with eye problems may get headaches if they spend too much time watching 3D movies. Why?
When we look at an object , each eye sees it at a different angle . Our eyes send the two images to our brain , and the brain puts them together. 3D technology uses two film projectors . One projects a left-eye-image and the other projects a right-eye-image. 3D glasses allow us to see a different image in each eye. So, when we are watching a 3D movie, our brain can't put together the images sent to our eyes. The brain needs to work harder at "reading" the images. That makes it easier for people with eye problems to get dizzy  or have headaches. A famous eye doctor said if your eyes can't focus  on the same object at once, you will have trouble watching 3D movies.
.
The question is: The 3D glasses can make the images from the movie   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:look more beautiful than usual
B:look as if they were coming straight towards you
C:look as if they were far away from you
D:look more clear than usualMr Clark goes to a dinner party in old clothes. He comes into the room, but the people in the room don't look at him. They don't ask him to sit at the table.
Mr Clark goes home and puts on   his good clothes. He goes back to the party. People in the room stands up and smiles at him. They give him very good food to eat.
Mr Clark _ his clothes, and puts them in the food and say, "Eat, clothes!"
The other people ask, "What are you doing?"
He answers, "I'm asking my coat   to eat food. When I am wearing my old clothes, you don't look at me. You don't ask me to sit down. Now I am in these clothes. And you give me very good food. Now I know, you give the food to my clothes, not to me!"
,.
The question is: Mr Clark asks   _   to eat the food.
The possible answers are:
A:his coat
B:his old clothes
C:his parents
D:the peopleBlogging has become something of a big thing in the last few years. Just like the Internet was 10 years ago, blogging is popular with an underground culture, that is doing it for love and passion .
Blogging is a way of collecting links  to webpages and sharing thoughts and ideas with people online. Blogs are basically online diaries which are created for sharing information and ideas.
Dominic, a fifth-grade student, writes: "The blogs give us a chance to communicate between ourselves and encourage us to write more. When we publish on our blog, people across the whole world can reply by using the 'comments' link. In this way, they can ask questions or simply tell us what they like. We can then know if people like what we write and this will tell us where we can improve. By reading these comments, we can discover our weaknesses and our strengths. Blogging is a chance to exchange our opinions with the rest of the world rather than just people in our immediate environment."
Blogging is sweeping the Internet. A recent report states that at least three million Americans have created blogs, with similar numbers being seen worldwide.
Two years ago, Andrew Sullivan decided to set up a Web page himself and used "Blogger. com" to publish some daily thoughts to a few hundred readers. He worked hard at the blog for months for no reward. But the result is that he is now reaching almost a quarter of a million readers a month and making a lot of money.
This, at least, is the idea: a publishing revolution  is coming. "Blogger.com"  could be  to words what Napster was to music--except this time, it'll really work.
The question is: Which of the following statements is true according to the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:Blogs are mainly online chatting with others.
B:Blogging is important in the past few years.
C:Dominic wants to get a chance to be a writer.
D:Blogging makes us exchange our view only with friends.Spring is coming.People in different countries like different outdoor activities.Leo,a reporter from Learning English in interviewing some students.Here is what they have said.
Mary (13, America)
I want to go out of the city to a beautiful field. It's happy to smell beautiful flowers, touch green grass and take some photos. And I like to have a picnic in the field, It's interesting!
Jim (14, Canada)
The weather turns warmer and they days become longer in spring. It's a good time to go camping. It would be fun to sleep in a tent. I enjoy the comfortable weather too.
Tony (13, England)
In spring, I like going cycling alone. It can not only make me enjoy the beautiful season but also help me became stronger. I can write something about what I see on the way.
Wang Fang (12, China)
I'm good at making all kinds of kites. And in spring. I like flying kites with my family or my friends in the park. One of us holds the kite. and another one catches the line. It's exciting to see the kite flying high in the sky.
The question is: Jim thinks it fun to   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:sleep in a tent
B:take some photos
C:fly kites
D:have a picnicSome children want to be writers some day. They mean that they want to write stories or books for people to read. That's good! It's good to write something for people to read! But they should know that they need to be good readers first before they really are good writers. They should read a lot of books, and read for hours and hours every day instead   of watching TV and spending a lot of time playing games when they are free.
If you are a good reader, it doesn't take you long to do the reading homework. Then you have time to read many other books for fun. Because you read so well, you have more fun in reading and you want to look for more books to read.
Before you decide to be a good writer, you'd better say to yourself, "I must read and read and read more and more!"
The question is: Reading can   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:help you to be a good player
B:help you write well
C:make your work better
D:make you watch more TV at home" To seek  happiness is to look for it" was once said by the famous French author Jules Renard. Look for it? Sure...but don't spend a lifetime trying, especially if it's well within your reach but you're just too blind to see it. Discover the three keys to happiness that you have already understood, but that you are just too afraid to find it.
1. Accepting Yourself
The idea of happiness is difficult to understand if you are not at peace with yourself. Learn to accept yourself as you are. Your next step will be to improve your attitude for tomorrow, for the next day, for the day after that, and so forth.
By beginning to accept reality, you will come to the final point of true happiness. Only when you are at peace with yourself, will you finally be able to admit  that you are, in fact, a happy person.
2. Forgiving Others
Forgiving others is a true show of humanity  which also allows us to feel more at ease. When you learn to forgive, you also learn to keep a firm hold on your life. To forgive is to open the doors of personal satisfaction. Yet you simply open your mind to answer, " Do I really want to allow my anger to grow and eat me from inside out?"
3. Helping Your Neighbors
When a friend seems to be suffering from a state of depression  , it's quite easy to help him or her out of the trouble. The best attitude to have in this situation is to make him or her understand that he or she is not alone.
If you come to save a friend in need, you'll feel a lot more at peace with yourself. You will feel high--spirited by knowing that someone is looking at life on the brighter side thanks to your kind words.
,.
The question is: The best title for the passage is "  _  "
The possible answers are:
A:Acceping Yourself
B:Forgiving Others.
C:Helping Your Neighbors
D:Keys to HappinessMany people like traveling during their vacation. They go to mountains, seaside, or forests. Some people like history so they like to visit old castles   , museums and monuments  (, ). In many foreign countries, the travel agent   can help you plan your holiday. You can tell the travel agent what kind of holiday you like, how much money you want to spend, and the travel agent will give you a lot of information about where to go, how to get there, where to stay, and what kind of activities you can do there. One of the holidays is called "package holiday". That is, you just pay the money, and the travel agent will plan everything for you, the ticket for the train or plane, the hotel, the activities, etc.
The question is: Some people like to visit old castles because they like
The possible answers are:
A:fresh air
B:history
C:camping
D:travelingHello, dear friends! I'm Jenny. Please look at this photo. The girl in red is me. I'm 13. I have a sister and two brothers. My sister, Linda, is 15. She likes red and green. She has two red rulers and a green pencil case. She also likes sports and she has a great sports collection. She has five baseballs, three basketballs and two volleyballs. The baseballs and basketballs are under her bed. The volleyballs are under her chair. . And she is in the baseball club.
My brothers are Alan and Tom. Alan is 14 and Tom is 8.Alan likes English very much, and he is in the English club. He has many English books and English tapes. But Tom only likes watching TV. He watches it every evening.
The question is: ?
The possible answers are:
A:Linda's pencil case is red.
B:Alan is in the baseball club.
C:Tom is the youngest of the four children.
D:Tom watches TV every afternoon.There are 55 students in my class. They come from different places, so they go to school in different ways. Twenty students go to school on foot because they live near the school. Ten students ride the bikes to school because they live not far from the school. Ten students go to school by bus because they live far from the school. Ten students go to school in their parents' car. The other five students go to school by boat, because there is a river between their houses and the school.
The question is: Ten students ride the bikes to school because they live   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:near the school
B:far from the school
C:not far from the school
D:near the riverAt school many things happen to us .We may feel excited when we have success in a school play.We may feel sorry if we lose an important game .We want to keep the memory for the rest of our lives .
How to keep the memory ?Our English teacher ,Miss Wang ,has taught us a good way of remembering things to make our own yearbook .What is a yearbook ? A yearbook is a kind of book which is used to keep the memory of exciting moments .It's usually made at the end of the year .
Last December ,we began to make our yearbook .First we chose the persons who had done something special ,then some students interviewed them ,some wrote down their stories ,others took photos of them .Every one in our class had something to do .Finally our teacher helped us to put the things together .We had our first yearbook .
All of us put a lot of love into making the yearbook .It is so wonderful that not only the students but also our parents and teachers will remember the special time forever .
The question is: Usually a yearbook is made in  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:January
B:May
C:December
D:MarchA young man once went to town and bought himself a pair of trousers. When he got home, he found that they were about two inches longer.
He went to the kitchen, there his mother and two sisters were doing housework. He said to them, "The new trousers are too long. Could one of you help me to shorter them by two inches?" But they were too busy. They said nothing and were still working.
After his mother finished washing all plates, she shortened the trousers by two inches. Then one of his sisters remember his trousers and shortened them by two inches. When the other sister came back home from cinema, she also remembered the new trousers. "I nearly forgot that." She thought. Then she shortened them by two inches.
The question is: He had   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:only one sister
B:two brothers
C:two sisters
D:a brother and a sisterHere is nine o' clock news
Prime Minister Abdul Krim of Tyrea has said that the danger in the Middle East is greater now than for the past two years. His country does not want war, he says, but the Tyrean people have waited too long for an end to the troubles with their neighbours. If war comes, says Mr King, Tyrea will be ready.
Ben Kitson, the writer of stories and plays for children, has died at his home in California. Mr Kitson was 82. His most famous book of stories, The Gentleman's House, sells all over the world, in more than twenty-five languages.
Policeman in New York have stopped work. Their leader , Mr Paulo Angeli, says that they will return to work only when they receive more money for working long hours and doing what Mr Angel calls "the most dangerous job in the city."
It has been a good year on the farm. The warm, wet spring, and the fine summer have been very good for all kinds of food plants. This means that fruit and vegetables will cost less in the shops this year.
And now it's time for "Morning Music".
.
The question is: Mr Paulo Angeli is   _
The possible answers are:
A:the most dangerous policeman New York
B:a policeman who receives the most money in New York
C:the leader of the New York City policeman
D:a policeman and the leader of New York CityHi, my name's Alan. I'm fourteen years old. I go to Canyon Middle School in America. I go to school on weekdays, but not on Saturday or Sunday. I usually have breakfast at eight o'clock. I enjoy some bread and milk for breakfast. My class starts at ten to nine. My friend Lisa sits in front of me, and my friend Peter sits next to me. We have three lessons in the morning, and we usually have English, maths in the morning. In the afternoon, we usually have a PE lesson and we often play basketball. That's my favourite. I don't like history or geography because they are difficult. After school, I usually go back home at once. In the evening, I enjoy watching TV.
The question is: Alan's class starts at  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:8: 00
B:8: 30
C:8: 50
D:9: 10Woodland High School is an international sch ool. We have students from all around the world. As an international student you can get first-class facilities  with trained teachers to help. For further information: inf@woodland.uk
Subjects
We offer a wide choice of subjects for international students, which includes: Arts, IT, French, English, Spanish and other languages. Communication Studies, Social Sciences, etc. For further information: sub@woodland.uk
Tuition Fees 
Tuition fees are different from subject to subject, from PS5,000 to PS6,000 a year. For further information: tui@woodland.uk
Accommodation 
You can have a room in a 4-bedroom flat, which will cost about PS100 a month with other regular living costs of about PS150 a month for one person. For further information: acc@woodland.uk
Health
The Student Health Service provides excellent medical services for students. The Medical Centre is open five days a week, including student holidays with four doctors and nurses to meet your me dical needs. For further information: heal@woodland.uk
Sports
The Centre is a great place to have sports activities. Trained exercise teachers can help you work out a training plan and keep you active. The sports hall has volleyball, b asketball and indoor football counts  and a swimming pool as well.
There are also a large number of sports clubs at Woodland High School. For further information: sport@woodland.uk
The question is: According to the text, what will you do if you are ill during Christmas holiday?
The possible answers are:
A:Go to a hospital nearby.
B:Buy some medicine in a drug store.
C:See a doctor at the school medical centre.
D:Try to get help from your classmates.Look at the students in the photo. The boy in green shoes is Martin. He is from England. He`s fourteen years old. His hair is yellow. He likes yellow very much. The boy in a blue shirt is his brother , Tom. He is thirteen. They look the same. The girl in a yellow dress is Lisa. She is their friend. She is from America. She is tall and she has long brown hair. She likes yellow, too.
The question is: Who like(s) yellow?
The possible answers are:
A:Martin.
B:Tom.
C:Martin and Lisa.
D:Lisa.A mother and her young son get into a bus in a small city and sit down. The bus conductor comes to them for their money. The mother says: "I want one ticket to the zoo " and gives him two yuan. The conductor looks at the small boy for a few seconds  and then says to him, "How old are you ,young man?" The mother begins to speak, but the conductor stops her, The boy says: "I'm four years old at home, and two in the buses." At last the mother has to take one yuan out of her pocket  and gives it to the conductor.
The question is: Why does the conductor stop the mother and let the boy say?
The possible answers are:
A:The boy's words are interesting
B:The mother is a bad mother
C:The small boy can tell the truth .
D:She loves the small boyMy family lives in London. In the morning, my father goes to work and we go to school. My father takes us to school every day. My mother stays at home. She does the housework. She always has lunch at home, and visits her friends in the afternoon. In the afternoon, we go home from school by bus. My father gets home from work late. At night my two brothers and I always do our homework. We go to bed at about ten. My father and my mother usually read newspapers. We can watch TV at the weekend.
The question is: _   lunch at home.
The possible answers are:
A:My mother has
B:My father has
C:Only the children have
D:All the family haveIn the United States,boys and girls start school when they are five years old.In some states they must stay in school until they are sixteen.Most students are seventeen or eighteen years old when they graduate from secondary school.another name for high school.Most children go to public elementary and secondary schools .The parents of public pupils do not have to pay for their children's education because taxes support the public schools.If a child goes to a private school ,his parents have to pay for the child's education.Today about half of the high school students go on to colleges and universities .Some colleges and universities receive money support from the government .A student at a state university does not have to pay very much if his parents live in that state.Private schools are expensive,however.Almost half of the college students in the USA work while studying.If a student's family is not rich,he has to make money for part of his college expenses .
The question is: In American children  _   at the age of five.
The possible answers are:
A:begin to study
B:start school
C:graduate from elementary schools
D:must stay in school all the day.Little James likes sports, so he is tall and strong in his middle school. He likes playing soccer very much, he thinks it's interesting. His grandma lives  in a village . One day, she comes to school and sees him.
Grandma doesn't find the boy in the classroom, so she goes to look for  him in the school. She finds James and some boys play with only one ball. Grandma says to him:"Don't play with them, I can buy  a ball for you."
The question is: Grandma sees some boys playing with  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:no ball
B:two balls
C:one ball
D:some ballsI'm Leo. I'm 13 and I'm in Class Six. I have three good friends. They are Lily, Gina, and Ben. Lily and Gina are in Class Seven. Ben is in Class Six, too. We're all in Grade Seven.
We like sports. My favorite sport is ping-pong. It is interesting. I have three ping-pong balls and four ping-pong bats. Lily and Gina are sisters. They don't like ping-pong. They think it is boring. Their favorite sport is tennis. They have five tennis balls and they play tennis with their parents and two brothers. Ben's favorite sport is soccer. He has two soccer balls and he plays soccer very well.
The question is: Leo has   _   good friends.
The possible answers are:
A:two
B:three
C:four
D:fiveMaybe you have seen this in schools: some students are studying hard all the time but they just pass their exams, while some others may spend much less time on their books but do much better in exams. How could this happen? People used to think that hard-work is the only way to success. But now they have understood that smart work can make them succeed, too.
Hard workers don't mind working for long hours, while smart workers always think of several different answers to these questions, " Why should I suffer  this? Isn't there s better way to do this?"  Thanks to these people, we can use computers instead of the abacus  now. Progress in every field  is the direct result of " try a better way" by smart workers.
There was a large soap factory in Japan. Once it received an unusual letter, complaining  that there was no soap in the soapbox he bought.  How could empty soapboxes go out of the factory? The engineers   checked the producing and packing . The producing was fine, but in about one in ten thousand cases, the packing machine let an empty soapbox go. There was no need to spend a lot of money repairing the machine for such a small problem. The engineer soon work out a solution. He put a huge X-ray machine and two large computers to find out the empty soapboxes. After teaching the worker how to use it, he sat down in his seat, exhausted .
" Sir, we could have solved the problem in a much easier and cheaper way." said one worker. " Really? How?"  " We can put a huge fan  near the packing machine. The wind will _ the empty boxes. There would be no need for an X-ray machine and computers."
See, this is smart work. In order to succeed, we should not work hard like the engineer, but also think smartly like this worker.
The question is: The soap factory could only  _  near the packing machine to solve the problem in a much easier and cheaper way.
The possible answers are:
A:set some soapboxes
B:set an X-ray machine
C:put two large computers
D:put a huge fanThis is a teacher's family. The father's name is Lake Smith. He's forty - four. The mother's name is Kate Green. She's forty - two. The Smiths have a son, Jim, and a daughter, Ann. Jim is fourteen, and Ann is twelve. The son looks like his father, and the daughter looks like her mother. They are all in No.4 Middle School. But the Smiths are teachers; the son and daughter are students.
The question is: Jim looks like his   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:uncle
B:mother
C:aunt
D:fatherMy Town the Best Place to Be!
My town is a great place to live in . It's the best place to enjoy your free time. There are three movie theaters in the town. They are all good, but the one nearest my house is the best. Shopping is also easy, There are many shops and most of them are trendy. They sell very fashionable clothes. The prices are also cheaper than in other cities, so students love to shop here. There are also a lot of video and music stores. These are very popular with students. I go to the music store every week to buy a new CD. The most crowded place for students to hang out is the park . Everyone goes there ,so it's really interesting.
Sometimes there are even street performers. Some students think they are boring ,but I think they are the most creative people. I want to be a street performer, too .
The question is: The cinemas in town are   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:all awful
B:all relaxing
C:all bad
D:all goodIn Germany , more than 70% of people like reading. They often read. They read in their homes. They read in libraries. They read in parks. They even read in hospitals. Parents often read books for kids .
It is easy to buy books in Germany. There are many bookshops in Germany. They are in big cities and small towns . A bookshop can sell  many books every day. Germans  also like to buy books on the Internet. More and more people buy books on the Internet.
In Germany, people often have reading parties. They are happy at the parties.
The question is: According to the passage, we can know Germans   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:have much money
B:have good education
C:have good jobs
D:Have little knowledgeBoys and girls love to watch TV. Some children spend six hours a day in school and four to six in front of the TV set. Some children even watch TV for eight or more hours on Saturday. TV programmes are like books and films. A child can learn bad things from some of them and good things from others. Some programmes help children know the news from the other parts of the world. Some programmes show people and places from other countries or other times in history. With TV, a child doesn't need to go to the zoo to see animals or to the sea to see a ship. Boys and girls can see a film, a play or a basketball match at home. Some programmes can teach children how to cook or how to use tools. It's interesting to watch TV, but it is also interesting to read a book or to visit friends.
The question is: How many hours do children often watch TV a day?
The possible answers are:
A:4
B:4-6
C:6
D:8-10Dear Dongdong
I have been in Hong Kong for a whole week. I will stay here for another week.
Hong Kong is really a great place to visit. There's so much to see and do here. And I've done so many wonderful things.
I've taken the cable car  to the Peak Galleria  . I've been to Hong Kong Racing Museum. I've known a lot about horse racing. I've also visited Ladies' Street. In the street I bought some beautiful clothes for my mother. Last night I went to a concert. Chinese traditional music has always been my favourite. This morning I went to Ocean Park and watched the dolphins perform. Dolphins are so clever. They can jump from the water to touch a ball, sway   their bodies to music, kiss people and even do math. Mr Host is going to take me to an Italian film festival in Hong Kong Cultural Centre tomorrow. I'm so excited because I have never seen an Italian film before. But some people say they're boring.
That's all. Best wishes!
The question is: In   _   we can know something about horse racing.
The possible answers are:
A:Ocean Park
B:Hong Kong Racing Museum
C:Hong Kong Cultural Centre
D:Ladies' StreetEverybody has a home. We people have homes,animals have homes,too.
Some animals live under the ground. The woodchuck  lives in holes  under the ground. His home has two doors. If anybody comes in one door, he goes out from the other door. Some birds live in nests  and trees. They come out for food in the day and go back to sleep at night. But many birds just live in the trees. Bees  work hard to make their homes. There are many,many little rooms in their house... Cows  ,sheep  and chicks  live in people's homes. And that is called farm.
We see all kinds of animals in the zoo. It's a big home for lots of animals.
The question is: _  have homes.
The possible answers are:
A:Everybody
B:Woodchucks and bees
C:Bees and birds
D:People and animalsHi ! I'm Tony .I don't like to get up early .In the morning ,I get up at eight . Then I go to school at eight thirty . I don't have much time for breakfast , so I usually eat very quickly .For lunch ,I usually eat hamburgers .After school ,I sometimes play basketball for half an hour .When I get home ,I always do my homework first .In the evening , I either watch TV or play computer games .At ten thirty , I brush my teeth and then I go to bed .Mary is my sister .She usually gets up at six thirty .Then she always takes a shower and eats a good breakfast .After that ,she goes to school at eight thirty .At twelve ,she eats lots of fruit and vegetables for lunch .After lunch ,she sometimes plays volleyball .She always eats ice-cream after dinner .She knows it's not good for her ,but it tastes good !In the evening ,she does her homework and usually swims or takes a walk .At nine thirty ,she goes to bed .
The question is: What does Tony do in the evening ?
The possible answers are:
A:Watches TV
B:Plays computer games
C:Watches TV and plays computer games
D:Either watches TV or plays computer gamesIt's a goal for millions and millions of families every year to keep the Christmas spending within a certain amount of money, but you can still afford the gifts because your loved ones will
enjoy them. This concern   is becoming greater and greater theses days. Even so, there are several things that you can do to help.
Hit the sales. No one wants to get up at four o'clock in the morning and fight to get a good deal   on Black Friday (the first Friday at Christmas time). It's surely very difficult to pick up the courage and get out there in the cold for a good deal. But sometimes it can be well worth. Many retailers   offer _ all through the day. Some even offer online Black Friday specials, so we may still be able to get a great deal on Black Friday.
Read advertisements regularly.Once the Christmas shopping season is coming, retailers will be hungry for business. They will try their best to get us into the store. Please read the weekly advertisements of sales among the major retailers from time to time. We may be lucky enough to find different prices for the same thing in different shops.
Shop online. Some of us don't like running from store to store to get the best price on the perfect gift. Some of us don't like to go out in the cold at all, and then, we can do online shopping. The world of online shopping makes it possible for us to visit all the major retailers and some specialty stores  on the Internet. We can find exactly what we are looking for at the best possible price without even having to leave the house. With traditional Christmas shopping, it will always take us a long time to wait if we want to get the perfect gift.
The question is: In this passage the writer wants to  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:tell us to shop online
B:tell us the best way to do shopping
C:show us how hard it is to do Christmas shopping
D:give us advice on how to get a good deal at Christmas timeMy name is Tom.I want to join a club in my school.I'm not famous now,but maybe I can be famous someday.I can't sing or dance or act,but I can do many other things.I can play three kinds of instruments:the guitar,the violin and the drums.I think I can be in the music club.Maybe I can be a famous musician.I like to read storybooks and I can write stories.Maybe I can be a famous writer.I like sports,too,but I am not good at it,so I don't join the sports club.
The question is: Why doesn't Tom join the sports club?
The possible answers are:
A:He doesn't like sports.
B:He can't do sports.
C:He isn't good at sports.
D:He is not strong enough.Several weeks ago, more than 70 American students discussed with American First Lady Michelle Obama at the White House about health problems.
The students asked lots of questions that day and Mrs Obama answered them one by one patiently. Then Mrs Obama explained the importance of making healthy choices  . _ 
She told the students that she didn't always feel good about the choices her family was making. Some years ago, when she was working and living with her family in Chicago, Mrs Obama realized she had to make changes in her family's lifestyle.
"We were eating out too much, buying a lot of things, and drinking a lot of sugary drinks," she said. So Mrs Obama started talking to her kids about eating healthily and exercising more. Soon they were cooking more, eating fewer desserts, and spending less time watching TV. Mrs Obama realized that making little changes can have a big effect . 
Mrs Obama said that young people should take care of their own health and their own futures. "Exercise isn't always about sports. It's just about moving," she said.
The question is: More than 70 American students visited Mrs Obama   _   .
The possible answers are:
A:to find out if she cared for children's health
B:to learn how to make health food
C:to get her to help the children with health problems
D:to have a discussion with her about health problemsTraveling is very interesting. Many people love traveling. There are many ways to travel: by plane, by train, by ship or by car. Everyone has their favorite way.
Greg:My favorite way of traveling is by car. I can bring my pet dog along. I can travel three hundred miles or only fifty miles a day. I can stop at a good restaurant to enjoy a good meal or at a hotel to spend the night.
Eliza:I love traveling by train best! It's very exciting. I traveled most of Europe in 5 months by train. It's the best way to talk with the local   people and make new friends on the way. Trains make even the longest trip enjoyable. The train ride to me is just like a big moving party.
I also like traveling by ship. It is a very great way to spend a vacation. I can go to parties and movies on the ship, and enjoy the blue sky and water.
Danny:Planes are my favorite. It's the fastest way of traveling. I can quickly get to another country. Planes have very comfortable seats. I can have something to drink and to eat. I can also read some free magazines and newspapers.
.
The question is: How many ways of traveling are mentioned  in the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:Three.
B:Four.
C:Five.
D:Six.American people like to say "Thank you" when others help them or say something kind to them. People of many countries do so, too. It is a very good habit .
You should say "Thank you" when someone passes you the salt on the table, when someone walking ahead of you keeps the door open for you, when someone says you have done your work well, or you have bought a nice thing, or your city is very beautiful. "Thank you" is used not only between friends, but also between parents and children, brothers and sisters.
"Excuse me" is another short sentence they use. When you hear someone say so behind you, you know that somebody wants to walk past you without touching you. It's not polite to break others when they are talking. If you want to speak to one of them, say "Excuse me" first, and then begin talking. You should also do so when you begin to cough or make any noise before others.
Let's learn to say "Thank you" and "Excuse me".
:
The question is: You should say "Excuse me" if you want to   _   .
The possible answers are:
A:cough
B:make some noise
C:go first
D:all of the aboveWhat better way to welcome spring than by helping to clean up the town we all live in! Here in Rockland we have a Spring Cleanup Day every year in April. The Cleanup Day 2014 will be April 20th. It will start with a town cleanup at 8 o'clock in the morning, and a tree planting activity at the Rockland Park is to follow in the afternoon. One thousand young trees are sure to make the park greener and prettier.
We will divide the people coming to help into eight teams for eight different areas. As usual, we will provide gloves, rubbish bags and other cleaning tools. You will also get free lunches and Tshirts when the cleanup ends at noon. We are going to have a friendly competition to see which team can pick up the most rubbish.
Bring your kids with you. It is a great chance to teach them to care for the environment around us. We have free drinks and chocolate candies for the children at the park.
Meeting: At the gate of Rockland Park, the town hall at 330 Jones Street, or the corner of Palace Street and North Street.
Signup  : Call 5862397 on weekdays, or visit our website below any time you like.   www.springcleanup.com
The question is: From the poster, the activities are a chance to teach the kids to   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:protect the environment
B:get free drinks and candies
C:pick up the most rubbish
D:do cleaning and plant treesTHE human face doesn't lie. We show sadness and happiness through our expressions. But exactly how many emotions can our face make?Scientists used to believe we had six basic facial expressions that tell others how we feel: sad, happy, surprised, fearful, angry and disgusted  .
But a new study shows that our faces can do more than we think. Scientists from Ohio State University found out that humans can actually make 21 different facial expressions after studying how people move their facial muscles.
The scientists took pictures of 230 volunteers making faces in response to different cues  .These cues included phrases like "you just got some great unexpected news", which produced a "happily surprised" reaction from volunteers. Other cues included "you smell a bad odor  ", which caused "disgusted" faces.
In total, around 5,000 pictures were taken of the volunteers. The scientists then studied similarities of these pictures using a computer expression database. _ helped them to define a facial expression. "That tells us that these 21 emotions are expressed in the same way by nearly everyone," said DrAleix Martinez to The Daily Telegraph. For example, to express surprise, 92 percent of volunteers widened   their eyes and opened their mouth. And 99 percent raised their cheeks   and smiled to show being happy.
We are not always aware of our facial expressions, which can hold clues to how we really feel. So these results may have a big impact   on medical treatment. If doctors were able to recognize more complex   emotions, it would help doctors treat patients suffering from certain diseases.
The question is: How didscientists from Ohio State University find out the number of facial expressions?
The possible answers are:
A:They studied how people move their eyes.
B:They studied how people move their mouths.
C:They studied how people move their facial muscles.
D:They studied how people move their eye balls.I am Bill.I am an English teacher.My wife  is Linda.She is a nurse. We have a daughter and a son.
Look! These are my friends.This is Mr Black.He's a worker.He works in a shoe factory .He makes shoes.That's Mrs Black.She works in a supermarket .The girl is their daughter.She's a student.She's thirteen.The boy is their son.He is only seven years old.His name is Carl.
We are good friends.
The question is: Who is Carl?
The possible answers are:
A:He's Bill's son.
B:He's Linda's son.
C:He's a worker.
D:He's Mrs Black's son.A king often felt unhappy and he asked a clever old man how he could be happy. "That's very easy," said the old man. "You just need to put on a happy man's shirt and you'll be happy."
The king believed the old man and began to look for a happy man. He visited many countries and met kings, professors  and others. But they all said they were not happy.
One day he saw a poor farmer working in the field. The farmer was singing all the time and looked very happy. The king came up to him and asked, "Are you happy, my good man?"
"Yes, quite happy," the farmer answered.
"Can you sell me your shirt?" asked the king.
"My shirt?" the farmer answered in surprise. "But I don't have a shirt. In fact, I never have one."
,.
The question is: The king thought the farmer was happy because the farmer  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:worked very hard and looked tired
B:was sleeping under a tree
C:was singing all the time
D:had a beautiful shirtHello, everyone. Because of the high rate of school violence   in some areas, teenagers' safety becomes a serious problem. We are planning to set up an organization named School Watch to make sure that students have a safe environment. Please be part of our plan!
What is School Watch?
School Watch is a volunteer project in our school. It helps us stop violence and improve the quality of school life. It will keep yourself and your schoolmates safe. The other members of School Watch care for you and your classroom and you do the same for them.
Is it for everyone?
Anybody can become a member of School Watch because everyone has something to offer.
What else can it do?
School Watch makes it possible for us not only to help each other but also to make friends with each other. Some members may offer to help schoolmates who have problems with their homework.
Who is the Best School Watcher?
Our school will look for the Best School Watcher and give him or her lots of prizes. You could be the one!
How do you start?
To be part of this plan, the only thing you need to do is to talk to the director of the plan in your grade. If you want to get more information, check the official website atwww. schoolwatch. com.
The question is: Anyone can become a member of School Watch because   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:everyone may have problems
B:everyone can give help to others
C:everyone needs to make some friends
D:everyone needs help with his homeworkHi Jane,
I hope you and your family are all well. I'm e-mailing you to tell you about my new hobby, surfing.
My brother, Peter, is at home from college for the summer holiday. He is very good at surfing. We go to the beach every day and Peter teaches me to surf. I don't do well in it but it's fun. Most days we bring a picnic and stay on the beach all day. Surfing is a good exercise and an interesting way to get a suntan ! All my friends think it's a great new hobby.
Bye for now.
Love,
Rose
The question is: What is Peter?
The possible answers are:
A:He is a middle school student.
B:He is a surfing teacher.
C:He is a college school student.
D:He is a surfing player.One bright and sunny day, I felt like fishing.So I packed what I needed...fishing stick, hooks  , and worms for bait  .When I reached the lake, I put a worm on the hook and threw the line in and waited for the fish to bite.I was disappointed when I did not catch anything after waiting for three hours.I pulled in the line.To my surprise, there was a small fish at the end of the line.The fish was so small that I did not feel any pulling on the line.I was even more surprised when the fish started to talk, "Let me go or I will turn you into a frog!" I was so worried that I just looked at it.The next moment, I was already a frog... "Help! Help!" I shouted loudly.When I woke up, I found I fell down the ground.
The question is: From this passage, you can understand I was having a   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:joke
B:holiday
C:journey
D:DreamA man was travelling abroad in a small red car. One day he left the car and went shopping. When he came back, its roof was badly damaged.
Some boys told him that an elephant had damaged  it. The man did not believe them, but they took him to a circus which was near there. The owner of the elephant said, "I am very sorry! My elephant has a big, round, red chair. He thought that your car was his chair, and he sat on it!"
Then he gave the man a letter, in which he said that he was sorry and that he would pay for all the damage.
When the man got back to his own country, the customs officers wouldn't believe his story. They said, "You sold your new car while you were abroad and bought this old one!" After the man showed them the letter from the circus man , then they believed him.
The question is: A man was travelling abroad  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:in a big bus
B:in a green jeep
C:in a red car
D:in a red taxiLast Sunday I saw the hardest storm in years. It came suddenly and went on for more than three hours. After lunch, I went into my room to have a rest. The air was hot, and all was quiet.
Then the strong wind started blowing into my room. Pieces of paper on my desk flew high into the air and some flew out of the open window. As I ran out to catch them, big drops of rain began to fall.
When I came back into the house, it was raining harder. I tried hard to close the window. Then I heard a loudcrashing sound from the back of the house. I ran out of my room to find out what it was--a big tree had fallen down and broken the top of the back room.
The question is: The storm lasted  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:more than four hours
B:more than three hours
C:from one to six o'clock
D:from two to five o'clockIn English  nobody under eighteen years old is allowed   to drink in a bar .
Mr Thompson often went to a bar near his house.But he never took his son, Tom, because he was too young.Then when Tom had his eighteenth birthday, Mr Thompson took him to his usual bar for the first time.They drank for an hour.Tom drank a bit.Then Mr Thompson said to his son, "Now, Tom, I want to teach you a useful lesson.How do you know when you've had enough? Well, I'll tell you.De you see those two lights at the end of the bar? When they seem to become four, you've had enough and should go home."
"But, Dad," said Tom, "I can only see one light at the end of the bar." (170)
The question is: Young people   _   allowed to drink in a bar until eighteen.
The possible answers are:
A:is not
B:are not
C:many
D:mustDo you know the Chinese saying "He who doesn't reach the Great Wall is not a true man"? Mr. White knows it. Next month he is going to Beijing with his wife. They are going to visit the Great Wall. They are staying in Beijing for about a week. They have a lot of Chinese friends there, so they are visiting them. Then they're flying to West Lake in Hangzhou. They are going boating there and staying there for about three days. Mr. White knows that the Yellow Mountain is very famous in China. So they're going to Anhui to go hiking in the great mountain. After two days in Anhui they'll have to go back to Sydney.
"I'm taking lots of photos in China. When I get back to Sydney, I am going to show the photos to my friends. I want my friends to know more about China." said Mr. White.
The question is: Mr. White is  _  in Hangzhou.
The possible answers are:
A:going boating
B:going hiking
C:going camping
D:going swimmingHow much do you know about school life in Singapore?
In Singapore, many middle school students spend a lot of time on their studies. People there always think that good schooling is the ticket to success  . So, many of these students try their best to get good results in their exams. They have a lot of homework every day and exams are usually a big problem to them. Sometimes, a few even have to go to evening classes after school.
Schools have many activities outside school hours. The students can join in sports and games, music and dance, swimming and rock-climbing. They also join in community service.
In their free time, most students like to listen to pop music. Hollywood movies, Hong Kong and Singapore movies are very popular, too. Some of them also spend their free time searching the Internet, e-mailing their friends, playing computer and video games.
They sometimes go to cafes, fast-food restaurants, shopping centers and big bookstores.
So life for middle school students in Singapore is not easy but rich and colorful.
The question is: _   go to evening classes after school in Singapore.
The possible answers are:
A:All of the students
B:Few of the students
C:A few of the students
D:Most of the students"Everything happens for the best," my mother said whenever things weren't going my way. "Don't worry, one day your luck will change." Mother was right, as I discovered after I had finished my college education. I had decided to try for a job in radio. One day, I wanted to host  a sports program. I went to Chicago and knocked on the door of every station. But I got turned down every time.
In one station, a kind lady said my problem was that I hadn't got enough experience. " Get some work with a small station and work your way up," she said.
I went back home. I couldn't get a job there, either. Then my dad told me a businessman had opened a store and needed someone to help him. But again, I didn't get the job.
I felt really down. " Your luck will change," Mom said to me. Dad lent me the car to help me to look for my job. I tried another radio station in Iowa. But the owner, a nice man, told me he had already had someone.
As I left his office, I asked, "How can someone be a sports announcer  if he can't get a job in a radio station?"
I was waiting for the lift when I heard the man call. " What did you mean? Do you know anything about football?" He put me in front of a microphone and asked me to try to imagine that I was giving my opinion on a football game, I succeeded.
On my way home, Mom's words came back to me, "One day your luck will change, Son. And when it happens, it'll feel doubly  good because of all the hard work you've had." At that moment I knew what just what she meant.
The question is: What's the best title of this passage?
The possible answers are:
A:Mother's words
B:Everything Happens For The Best
C:No One Is Always Lucky
D:To Find A Job In Radio Is DifficultHello, I'm Linda. This is a photo of my friend's family. Her name is Jane. These are her parents, Jeff Brown and Emily Brown. Those are her brothers, Harry and Dick. Is that her grandfather? Yes, it is. His name is Henry.
.
The question is: Jeff and Emily are  _  parents.
The possible answers are:
A:Linda's
B:Rick's
C:Henry's
D:Jane'sAn English traveler found himself in a northern European country with a little money to buy the ticket for the travel back home. As he knew that it would take him only two days to get to England, he thought that he would be all right without food. So he bought a ticket and went on board. He closed his ears to the lunch bell. When dinner time came, he refused to go to the dining hall, saying that he was not feeling well. The next morning, he didn't go to breakfast and at lunch time he again stayed in his room. At dinner time he was so hungry that he could not stand it any longer. "I'm going to eat, " he said, "even if they throw me into the sea. " At dinner he ate everything in front of him at the table, then he worried about the coming trouble. "Bring me the bill," he said. "there isn't any bill. " Was the answer. "On the ship the money for the ticket includes meals. " The traveler regretted when he heard this.
.
The question is: The English traveler   _   that he had no meal on the first day.
The possible answers are:
A:was excited
B:was sad
C:was glad
D:was toldJoe, 75, lived very happily and had a beautiful family. He had four grandchildren, and they all visited him during their holidays.
But while he was working, he lost his favorite watch. Before they came to visit, Joe was preparing his home for the kids: cleaning the house and buying their favorite foods.
The watch was a gift from his deceased   wife when their first child was born, Joe loved the watch very much. He was very upset .
When his grandchildren came, they promised him they would find the watch.
One granddaughter asked: "Grandpa, do you remember when you saw the watch last before it went missing?"
Joe answered: "I guess when I was cleaning the barn ! "
The children looked for more than two hours but could not find it.
One grandson went to search  the barn again, and he asked the others not to follow him and to keep silent .
He was there for about 15 minutes and then rushed to his grandfather. He found the watch!
Joe was surprised and asked how he was able to find it. The little boy said: ;'I sat there without making a noise, and the barn was so silent. After a few minutes, I heard the 'tick, tick' sound and found the watch."
Joe hugged him and thanked the little boy.
This shows the power   of silence. If we stay calm, we are better able to find a solution  !
The question is: One of the grandchildren found the watch by  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:cleaning the barn
B:searching the barn carefully for two hours
C:making no noise and following the ticking sound
D:asking his brothers and sisters for helpWhat does little birdie say,
In her nest at peep of day?
Let me fly, says little birdie,
Mother, let me fly away,
Birdie, rest a little longer,
Till the little wings are stronger.
So she rests a little longer,
Then she flies away.
What does little baby say,
In her bed at peep of day?
Baby says, like little birdie,
Let me rise and fly away.
Baby, sleep a little longer,
Till the little limbs  are stronger.
If she sleeps a little longer,
Baby too shall fly away.
The question is: How do you understand the last sentence If she sleeps a little longer, Baby too shall fly away?
The possible answers are:
A:If the baby sleeps for a long time, she can fly.
B:The baby is too lazy, so she wants to sleep longer.
C:The baby has a special ability to fly like a bird after she sleeps longer.
D:You should get enough power and abilities before you do something.In Singapore,many middle school students spend a lot of their time on their studies. Good education is often regarded as a ticket to success in their future. So,many of these students try their best to get good grades in their examinations.They have a lot of homework every day and exams are a big headache.Sometimes,some of them are even made to go to remedial classes after schoo1.
Schools run programs outside school hours.The students can take part in sports and games,music and dance,hiking and rock-climbing ,etc.They are also very active in community service .
In their spare time,most students like to listen to pop music.And Hollywood blockbusters ,Hong Kong and Singapore movies are very popular among them.They understand IT very well.Some of them also spend their free time surfing the Internet,e-mailing their friends,playing computer and video games.
They sometimes go to cafes,fast-food restaurants,shopping centers and big bookstores.
So,it looks like life as a middle school student in Singapore is not easy but it is rich and colorful.
The question is: In the school,the students can't  _  outside school hours.
The possible answers are:
A:have sports
B:dance
C:go hiking
D:go to a restaurantStreet art can be found on buildings, street signs and even dustbins from Tokyo to Paris to New York City. This special kind of art can take the form of paintings, sculptures, cloth or even stickers. Street art has become part of a culture which can be seen around the world. Now, even art museums and galleries  are collecting the works of street artists.
People have different thoughts about street art. Some think street art is bad, but others see this art as a rich form of non-traditional cultural expression. Street art began in New York City in the 1960s. Young adults would use paint in special cans to spray  their "tag" on walls and train cars around the city. This tag was a name they created to show off themselves and their artwork. This style of drawing and writing became known as graffiti . Graffiti art showed that young people wanted to rebel  against the rules. They traveled around cities to make paintings that everyone could see.
Street artists do their work for some reasons. A number of them choose street art because it is closer to the everyday life. What they enjoy most is the freedom of expressing themselves which street art permits . One well-known street artist is Swoon. She cuts out paper images of people and puts them on walls. Swoon didn't start her career as a street artist. She studied art but, as time went on, got bored with the works she saw in museums. Then she fell in love with graffiti. The people in New York enjoy Swoon's strong and interesting style. Some museums have already bought some of her works.
Nowadays street art has become part of a world-wide culture. It is supported by websites, artist groups, books and magazines.
The question is: Which of the following statements is TRUE according to the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:Young people all think street art is very beautiful new culture.
B:Swoon enjoys working indoors and the people in New York like her works.
C:In the 1960s, in New York, young people wanted to say no to the rules through graffiti art.
D:"TAG" was a word created by people to tell the differences between street artists and the other artists.Shenzhen's fast development has made it become China's most crowded city! There are about 15 million people living on its 1991square kilometers. On each square kilometer averagely live 7500 people. It is 1080 more than that in Hong Kong, and nearly 800 more than that in Guangzhou.
Besides, Shenzhen owns 2 million local vehicles, and about 300000 vehicles from other places also run on the local roads every day. The total length of the city's road is 6041 kilometers. It means each resident only owns 0.58 meters of road!
As a result, the city is facing serious environmental and resource problems. One of the problems is water shortage. The amount of fresh water for each person of the city is only 25% of the country's average. What's more, most of the water drunk by Shenzhen people comes from other areas.
The question is: Which problem in Shenzhen is not mentioned in the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:Traffic accidents.
B:Water shortage.
C:Environmental problems
D:Population problem.Every year there is a Spring Festival in China. Usually it is in January or February. It is the most important festival in China. So before it comes, everyone has to prepare things. They buy pork, beef, chicken, fruits and many other things. And they often make a special kind of food--"dumplings". It means "come together". On the day before the festival, parents  buy new clothes for their children. Children also buy presents for their parents. On the Spring Festival Eve , all the family members come back to their hometown. This is a happy moment. Some sing and dance, some play cards and others get the dinner ready. When they enjoy the meal, they give each other the best wishes for the coming year. They all have a good time.
,,.  (5
,2,10)
The question is: _  is the special kind of food for the Spring Festival in China.
The possible answers are:
A:Chicken
B:Dumplings
C:Fish
D:BeefLast Sunday it was snowy. Maria stayed at home. Her cousin Cara came to visit her. She came back from Beijing. She told Maria something about her vacation. "It was pretty good," she said. Cara visited the Palace Museum and the Great Wall. She took a lot of photos.
It was lunchtime. Maria's parents were not at home. Maria decided to cook by herself . She cooked noodles with some pepperoni ,tomatoes and peppers . After Cara had the noodles, she said slowly, "I think it is delicious!" But Maria thought the food was too awful. She said, "Cana, thank you, but I put too many peppers!"
The question is: Where did Cara go on vacation?
The possible answers are:
A:Hunan
B:Sichuan
C:Guilin
D:BeijingLiving in a foreign culture can be exciting, but it can also be confusing . A group of Americans who taught English in other countries recently discussed their experiences. They decided that miscommunications were always possible, even over something as simple as"yes"and"no".
On her first day in Micronesia, an island in the Pacific, Lisa thought people weren't paying any attention to her. The day was hot. She went into a store and asked, "Do you have cold drinks? "The woman there didn't say anything. Lisa repeated the question. Still the woman said nothing. She later learned that the woman had answered her: She had raised her eyebrows , which in Micronesia means"yes".
Jan remembered an experience she had in Bulgaria, a country in Europe. She went to a restaurant that was known for its cabbage. She asked the waiter, "Do you have cabbage today? "He nodded his head. Jan waited, but the cabbage never came. In that country, a nod means"no".
Tom had a similar problem when he arrived in India. After explaining something in class, he asked his students if they understood. They answered with many different nods and shakes of the head. He thought some people had not understood, so he explained again. When he asked again, they did the same thing. He soon found out that his students did understand. In India, people nod and shake their heads in different ways depending on where they come from. You have to know where a person is from to understand whether they mean"yes"or"no".
The question is: These Americans teaching English in other countries found that they   _   .
The possible answers are:
A:should go abroad for vacations
B:needed to learn foreign languages
C:should often discuss their experiences
D:had problems with communicationsFor thousands of years, people have used plants to make medicines. They used different parts of the plants --the roots, the leaves, the flowers, and the bark  . Today, doctors have rediscovered more medicinal   values of some plants. Let's look at some examples.
Foxglove is a common plant. People have used it to make the heart slow down. Recently scientists have developed another drug from it. This new drug helps prevent other heart problems.
In some areas, _ has been a problem. Scientists have learned that the bark of a South American tree, the cinchona, can be made into a drug to prevent malaria. For a long time, the Chinese have known that a special plant, wormwood, can also fight malaria. Scientists have been working with it to develop new drugs against malaria.
In Germany, some scientists studied garlic   for four years. They found that it helps prevent the build-up of plaque   because too much plaque is bad for health. This very common plant continues to be studied.
As we know, there are about 250,000 kinds of flowering plants in the world. Scientists have only studied little more than one percent of plants for their medicinal value. Maybe medicines for AIDS and cancer will be made from the other 99 percent.
The question is: Which of the following is the best title for the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:Past and future
B:Plants and medicine
C:Health and illness
D:Scientists and doctorsLast summer, my family and I went on a trip to the China Dinosaur Park in Changzhou by bus. The one-hour trip seemed very long. We arrived at the park at about 9 a.m.
There were many fun places for us to choose from. We first went to the Crazy Firedrake Drill. When I looked at the giant yellow machine, I wasn't afraid at all, But when I was really on it, I felt a little nervous. First, the machine took us to the highest point. We all screamed  "Ah". 1 dared not look down. Then it turned around fast and moved very quickly at the same time. The wind was so strong that I couldn't open my eyes. I felt as if I would fall down. 1 couldn't stop screaming through the whole ride. It only moved for a few minutes, but it seemed to be many hours. When the game ended, I was too frightened to walk.
Later we took part in the game called "Crossing Jurassic ". After waiting for half an hour, we got into a boat. The boat went into a tall building. It was dark around us. There were many model dinosaurs on both sides. They looked like the real ones. From time to time. the model dinosaurs made some frightening shouts,  which sounded terrible. The game ended with a sudden rush from a very high place into a big pool. What an exciting experience!
The question is: Which of the following is TRUE?
The possible answers are:
A:The yellow machine turned around fast and moved quickly at the same time.
B:The first game moved for a long time.
C:There were many real dinosaurs in the park.
D:The second game began with a sudden rush from a very high place into a big lake.A young woman was walking through a supermarket to pick up a few things when she noticed an old man following her around.Thinking nothing of it,she _ him and went on shopping.After she got what she wanted,she went to checkout line,but the old man got in front of her.
"Pardon me!" he said,"I'm sorry if my staring at you has made you feel uncomfortable ,it's just because you look like my granddaughter,who just died recently.And I miss her very much."
"I'm very sorry,"said the young woman."Is there anything I can do for you?"
"Yes." the old man said."As I'm leaving,can you say 'Good-bye,grandpa' to me? It would make me feel so much better."
"Sure,"answered the young woman.
As the old man was leaving,she called out."Bye-bye,grandpa!"
When she stepped  up to the checkout counter ,she saw that her total was $178.50.
"How can that be?" she asked."I only bought a few things!"
"Your grandpa said you would pay for him," said the clerk.
The question is: Which of the following is the best title of the story?
The possible answers are:
A:A kind-hearted young woman.
B:The total was $178.50.
C:Bye-bye grandpa
D:An old man and his granddaughter.It's that time of year again. The lead-up to everyone's favorite holiday -- Christmas!
Usually Black Friday, the day after Thanksgiving, marks the beginning of the Christmas shopping season. On this day all the stores open early and offer the best discounts to their customers. Interestingly, people push to buy the cheapest products, just a few hours after giving thanks for the things they have.
Usually televisions and laptops are the most popular products on Black Friday. People are willing to wait for hours for their favorite stores to open because they want very much to get the items they need.
This year I decided to go out and grab a bargain at one of these sales, just to see what it is like. After a delicious Thanksgiving meal, I drove to the mall around half an hour before the stores opened. Already there were people lining up and waiting outside. Some had even prepared themselves with tents and hot chocolate to stay warm in the cold weather. I entered the store, but I wasn't looking for anything specific. I just walked around the store checking out the prices. I bought some cheap clothes, while other people were _ their shopping carts with tons of different items.
Some people come to the Black Friday sales for the products, and others come to enjoy the experience. However, some stores can be a little dangerous during Black Friday. Every year there are always some cases of people fighting over the small number of goods. This year Wal-Mart learned its lesson and made the sales last longer. They made sure customers came for the first hour, got what they wanted and then left quickly.
The question is: What products sell best on Black Friday?
The possible answers are:
A:Delicious food.
B:Televisions and laptops.
C:Cheap clothes.
D:Tents and hot chocolate.Many people go to school for an education. They learn languages, history, politics, geography, physics, chemistry and mathematics. Others go to school to learn a skill so that they can make a living.
School education is very important and useful. Yet, no one can learn everything from school. A teacher, no matter how much he knows, can not teach his students everything they want to know. The teacher's job is to show his students how to learn. He teaches them how to read and how to think. So, much more is to be learned outside school by the students themselves.
It is always more important to know how to study by oneself than to memorize some facts or a formula . It is actually quite easy to learn a certain fact in history or a formula in math. But it is very difficult to use a formula in working out a math problem.
Great scientists before us didn't get everything from school. Their teachers only showed them the way. Edison didn't even finish primary school. But they were all so successful. They invented so many things for mankind. The reason for their success is that they knew how to study. They read books that were not taught at school. They would ask many questions as they read. They did thousands of experiments. They worked hard all their lives, wasting not a single moment. Above all, they knew how to use their brain.
The question is: How did great scientists study?
The possible answers are:
A:They read a lot of books and asked many questions while reading.
B:They did thousands of experiments.
C:They always worked hard and never wasted time.
D:All of the above.It seems that school children all over the world complain   about their school food. What do students of your age eat for lunch at school in other countries?
Japan
High schools have dining rooms. They serve everything from noodles to rice, but not burgers and chips. Other children bring food from home, such as cold rice balls, meat or fish, pickles   and vegetables. Twice a year parents are invited to have a taste of the food.
United States
A typical menu from a US school is made up of a hamburger with fried potatoes or roast chicken, lettuce and pickles, fruit and cookies. School lunches must also provide at least one third of the daily amount   of necessary nutrition  , such as,  vitamin A, vitamin C and calcium  .
Australia
Meat pies, sausage rolls   and hotdogs are all traditional dishes in Australian school shops. But as the country pays more attention to children's health, healthier foods have started to appear on school menus. Many schools have used a traffic light system. The sale of red labeled c) foods, including cookies, chocolate and soft drinks. Is served only twice a week. Healthier green labeled foods such as sushi, sandwiches, corn and watermelons, however, are available every day.
South Africa
Most of South African schools do not serve meals at all. Classes end at l; 30 p. m. and students get their own lunches. Many students bring food from home, usually sandwiches.
Fast food and fried food sell the best among students. As a result, it has caused a rise in obesity c) among children. But as more people began to realize that being too fat may cause different kinds of serious illnesses, some schools in towns have led the way towards better nutrition. Now students at these schools are offered lunches of porridge with vegetables, such as cabbage, onions, beans, carrots and tomatoes.
The question is: Which of the following is NOT TRUE?
The possible answers are:
A:Parents in Japan are invited to taste the food twice a year.
B:In the United States, school lunches must provide at least one third of the daily amount of necessary nutrition.
C:In Australia, many schools have used a traffic light system.
D:In South Africa, schools don't serve meals.Many middle school students don't know how to spend their free time. When they have holidays, they always have nothing to do and feel bored. Some may play computer games all day long and some may stay in bed and sleep all day. It's not a good way. Here are some suggestions .
If you don't like to stay at home, you can go for a picnic or play some sports. In this way, you can take some fresh air and keep healthy. If you like to stay at home, you may enjoy some light music or read a few novels. You can play some indoor games such as chess, cards, and table tennis. You can also plant some trees and flowers in your garden to make your home beautiful. It is also a good way to keep a pet and talk with it. Just develop   some hobbies and you will feel much happier after a long holiday.
The question is: What's the main idea of the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:What to do when you stay at home.
B:How to develop your hobby.
C:How to spend your free time.
D:How to keep healthy.Running a marathon  
Have you ever taken part in a marathon? A marathon is 42km long. It is the longest race in the world. To make the runner's body work, harder training is quite necessary. A runner should start to prepare for a marathon at least three months before. Preparation may have races, many hours of running at different speeds and changes in diet . During the training time the runner must eat a fit diet.  The diet should have lots of things needed in training the players.
In the early days of training, runners run 80km per week. The running is increased every two or three weeks and at least two long runs per week are needed.
Two weeks before the marathon, the training programme becomes less, from 100km per week down to 60km and then to 30km in the final week. On the last two days they may not run at all.
Breakfast should be eaten at least three hours before the race.  Easily digested  food such as cereal , toast  and scrambled  egg is best,  with as much fluid  as possible.  Runners should drink water about half an hour before the race to keep up the body fluid.
The question is: According to the passage, when should a marathon runner begin his training?
The possible answers are:
A:A month before the race.
B:A week before the race.
C:Three or four months before the race.
D:A year before the race.I'm Leo. There is a great artist in my family. She is Lisa. Lisa likes drawing a lot. Here are her three drawings.
There is an animal in the first drawing. It has two big eyes, a big mouth and two small ears. It has long arms and long legs. It is black and white. There are some apples in its hands. It looks very happy. What is it? I don't know, but Lisa says it is a panda.
There is a woman in the second drawing. She is thin. She has straight blonde hair, a small mouth, a big nose and two big eyes. She looks angry. Who is she? Lisa says she is our mom. But Mom has curly blonde hair, small eyes and a small nose.
There is an animal in the third drawing, too. Its head is an apple. Its hair and tail are leaves. It has a long mouth, and _ is a banana. Its two legs are carrots. What is it? Lisa says it is a horse, but it doesn't look like a horse.
Lisa is really a great artist, isn't she?
.
The question is: From the passage, we can know Lisa is Leo's   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:mother
B:cousin
C:sister
D:classmateScientists tell us so much about the moon, it is quite easy to tell what it is like. It's certainly not a friendly place. As there is no air or water, there can be no life of any kind. Mile after mile there are only plains  of dust with mountains around them above, the sun and the stars shine in the sky. If you _ the mountains' shadows  it will mean moving from terrible cold into great heat. The moon is also a very silent world, for sound waves can only travel through air. But from the moon, you can see a friendly sight. Our earth is shining more brightly than the other stars. It looks like a very large ball, coloured blue and green and brown.
The question is: When we look from the moon, the blue colour on the earth is  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:water
B:trees
C:mountains
D:cloudsIt is said that all dreams serve a purpose . While there is no agreement among scientists about why we dream, there are many ideas about the different kinds of dreams we have.
One common kind of dream is the repeating dream, in which the same story is repeated again and again, often for many months or even years. Some believe these are a sign people have a problem in their life and once that problem is gone then the dream will stop. Others think _ are a way to help people remember something very important.
Another well-known kind of dream is the nightmare. The pictures and stories in such dreams make people very afraid and dreamers usually remember them far more clearly than normal dreams. The cause of such dreams may be seeing something _ such as a car accident or some deadly snakes. Others think such dreams may be trying to make a person pay attention to something that is dangerous in their life.
Daydreams happen during wake-time when we forget where we are or what we are doing and find ourselves in a made-up story or unreal world. We often daydream when we are doing something that is not interesting or exciting. They help us think about our future.
Lucid dreams are the most fun. These happen when dreamers suddenly understand that they are dreaming. Instead of waking up, they stay in the dream and are able to control what happens in the dream as if they are making a movie.
The question is: How do we know if we are lucid dreaming?
The possible answers are:
A:We can remember the dream very clearly.
B:We can control what happens in the dream.
C:We think that the dream is like a movie.
D:We feel very nervous after we wake up.Early to bed and early to rise makes a man healthy, wealthy and wise.
This is an old English saying  . It means that we should go to bed early at night and get up early in the morning. If we do, we shall be healthy. We shall also be rich and clever.
Is this true? Perhaps it is. The body must have enough sleep. Children of your age need ten hours' sleep every night. If you go to bed late, you can't have enough sleep. Then you can't think carefully and your homework will be wrong. You will not be wise and you may not become wealthy!
Some people go to bed late at night and get up late in the morning. This is not good for them. We should sleep at night when it is dark. The dark helps us sleep well. When the daylight comes, we should get up. This is the time for exercise. If the body is not used, it will become weak. Exercise keeps it strong.
Exercise helps the blood   to move around inside the body. Blood takes nutrition   to all parts of our bodies. The brains   in our heads also need blood. We think with our brains. If we keep our bodies healthy, and take exercise, we can think better!
Our bodies also need air to breathe  . Without air we will die. Get up early in the morning and we can have plenty of clean, fresh air. That will keep us healthy and happy.
,.
The question is: Which of the following statements is Not true?
The possible answers are:
A:Enough sleep makes you think carefully.
B:The more sleep you have, the cleverer you are.
C:Dark is good for sleeping.
D:People will die without air.Today, roller skating is easy and fun. But, before 1750, the idea of skating didn't exist . That changed because of a man named Joseph Merlin. Merlin's work was making musical instruments.
One day Merlin was invited to a music party. He was very pleased and a little excited. As the day of the party came near, Merlin began to think how to make a grand entrance   at the party. He had an idea. He thought he would get a lot of attention if he could skate into the room.
Merlin tried different ways to make himself roll. Finally, he decided to put two wheels under each shoe. These were the first roller skates in the world. Merlin was very proud of his invention and dreamed of getting to the party on wheels while playing the violin.
On the night of the party Merlin rolled into the room playing his violin. Everyone was surprised to see him. There was just one problem. Merlin had no way to stop his roller skates. He rolled on and on, suddenly, he ran into a huge mirror that was hanging on the wall. Down fell the mirror, breaking into pieces. Nobody forgot Merlin's entrance!
The question is: Merlin stopped rolling when   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:he wanted to stop
B:he ran to the window
C:he ran into the mirror
D:he knocked someoneBill, Frank, Dave and Tom were brothers. Every year they sent their mother expensive gifts on her birthday. They liked to show her how rich they were.
The eldest brother, Bill, had lots of money and wanted his mother to have the most expensive gift, but he didn't know what to buy. So he put an ad in the newspaper, "Wanted--the greatest gift for my mother".
About a week before his mother's birthday, a man came to his office. He brought a big bird, this bird can speak foreign languages and sing pop songs. The man made the bird talk in French and tell a joke in Japanese. Then the bird sang a beautiful song. The next day, Bill sent the bird to  his mother with a birthday card.
The day after his mother's birthday, he called his mother, "Well, mother," he asked, "what do you think of the bird?" "Oh, it's very delicious, dear." said his mother.
The question is: Bill put an ad   _   to find the greatest gift.
The possible answers are:
A:on the radio
B:on TV
C:in the newspaper
D:on the InternetBabysitter wanted( )
Do you like children? Do you have free time in the afternoon? We need a babysitter for our daughter. She's six years old.
Working time: Monday to Friday, 3:00pm--6:00 pm.
Cost: $5 an hour.
We need help with: Looking after our daughter, reading to her, playing with her.
Address:  You must work at our house. We live in Changjiang Road, near the Culture Square.
Please call Mr. Wang at 0551-487-2563.
The question is: How much will Mr. Wang pay for every day?
The possible answers are:
A:$5
B:$15
C:$25
D:$75With more and more cars on the road, the traffic _ will happen. How do we see it and how can we solve the problem?
We know that the traffic jam happens in many places, especially in big cities. What are reasons for the problem? On one hand, some people think that they should have a car when they have enough money, and then it's easy to go out and they can feel comfortable. On the other hand, a growing number of people hope to use their cars to show off  . What's more, years of research has shown that one of other reasons for the traffic jam is the driving habit. For example, many young people enjoy driving very fast, so they can feel excited. At last, most of them hardly care about the speed rules.
Many governments are working at how to make the traffic better. In my opinion, firstly, the governments should educate those people who have cars or plan to buy cars. The governments must make them know that the traffic jam is very serious, and set up a much more perfect traffic system to solve the traffic pressure.
The question is: What should the governments do to make the traffic better?
The possible answers are:
A:They should educate those people who are young.
B:They should set up a much more perfect traffic system.
C:They shouldn't allow people to buy so many cars.
D:They should make people know the difficult to solve the problem of the traffic jam.It was a sunny Saturday afternoon. My friend Bobby Lewis was taking his two little boys to play golf. He walked up to the young man at the ticket counter and said,''How much is it to get in?"
The young man answered,''$3.00 for you , $3.00 for any kid who is older than six. We let them in free if they are six or younger. How old are they?"
Bobby said,''Sam's three and Henry's seven, so I think I should pay $6.00."
The man at the ticket counter said, "Hey, you are too honest. You can save yourself three dollars if you tell me that _ is six. I don't know the differences." Bobby said, "Yes, that may be true, but the kids know the difference."
When ethics are more important than ever before, make sure you set a good example for everyone you work and live with.
The question is: If Mr. and Mrs Smith take their 3-year-old son and ten-year-old daughter to play golf, how much should they pay?
The possible answers are:
A:$6.00 .
B:$9.00.
C:$12.00.
D:$15.00.Problem:
I'm bored. We have a day off because of the heavy rain. If you didn't go to school today, what would you do? Why? Linda
Some advice:
If I were you, I would be at home doing something, such as making my bed or helping my mother do some chores. That way, my room would be clean and my parents would be happy. Tina
I would do what I love! Maybe I would help Mom do some cooking. I would learn how to make dumplings. Kathy
I don't have enough time in one day to do all the things I want to. People who get bored usually don't have a good imagination  . There are lots of different books to read, websites to surf, people to visit and things to make. June
Well, if I were you, I would watch a good movie and then take a good nap  . Your brain   and body will then be relaxed and ready for classes the next day. Lisa
,. (10)
The question is: What do we know from the reading?
The possible answers are:
A:Tina doesn't like to do any housework.
B:Kathy likes to do the same things as Tina.
C:Lisa thinks it would be helpful to Linda to get relaxed.
D:June used to be busy, but now she has enough time to relax.Wildwood School Library Guide
This will offer you some information about our school library. You can use this guide to help your kids use our library.
Service hours: 3:00 p.m.--5:30 p.m.on school days; 8:30 a.m.--11:00 a.M.on weekends On school days, your kids may borrow or return books during opening hours only when his classroom teacher allows him to.At the weekend, our library is open to both you and your kids.
Borrowing:
Each student can borrow one or two books at a time. More books can be borrowed only for class reading activities and school research.
Returning:
Books borrowed from the library can be kept for 15 school days. The books must be returned before the due   date or the kid can not borrow other books.
Damaged   or Lost Books:
When a book is returned in a damaged condition, the kid will have to pay three dollars for the damage. Full price must be paid if a book is lost. We encourage students to carry their library books in plastic bags to protect them from rainy weather.
Please call us at 33621323 for more information.
The question is: Students can borrow more than two books at a time  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:for sending exams
B:to do school research
C:for afterschool activities
D:to read together with their parentsCome to Austria
Soll is a village in the mountains in western Austria. And the Post Hotel is clean and not expensive. It is opened by a local family. From the hotel you can see the whole village, the forests and the mountains. Temperatures in summer are usually 20degC to 25degC in the daytime, but much cooler by evening.
Enjoy Thailand
When you visit Bangkok in Thailand, don't miss the early morning river boat trip to the Floating  Market outside the city. There you will find many kinds of fruits and vegetables. And you can pay for them when you sit in your boat. Don't forget your hat: the sun can be strong and it may be as hot as 40degC at noon.
Visit Hawaii!
Maybe the most beautiful place in  Hawaii is Kauai. You can visit its long, sandy beaches in the south and west of the island, and mountains and forests in the north, but don't be surprised if it rains in the centre of the island. Daytime temperatures there are usually around 24degC to 26degC by the sea, and only a little cooler by late evening.
The question is: _   is a better way to prevent the strong sunshine in Bangkok.
The possible answers are:
A:Going to the sandy beaches
B:Wearing a hat
C:Climbing up the mountains
D:Staying in the forests"Reading makes a full man" (Bacon, 1597). Novels written by the writers like Jane Austen, Victor Hugo and Ernest Hemingway help us to know more about our history, culture and many other things.
Jane Austen(.) was one of the most well-known women writers of the world. She was born in England in 1775. Jane loved reading and writing. She wrote a number of famous novels in her life. Among them, Pride and Prejudice<<>> written in 1779 was the most popular.
Victor Hugo(.), born in 1802 in France, was one of the best writers in the19th century. The talent in writing and hard work brought great success to Hugo at an early age. His most popular novel, theHunchback of Notre-Dame<>, was written in 1831. The book was so successful that it was quickly translated into many other languages across Europe.
Ernest Hemingway(.), an outstanding American writer and reporter, was born in 1899. His life experience had a great influence on his writing style. Hemingway lived in France and Italy between the 1920s and 1950s. Most of his books such as The Sun Also Rises were written at that time. He won the Nobel Prize in 1954 mainly because of the novel The Old Man and the Sea.
The question is: Where was Victor Hugo from?
The possible answers are:
A:England.
B:America.
C:Italy.
D:France.If you want to find out a piece of information about anything , the best place to search for it is Wikepedia. This online encyclopedia is written by thousands of people around the world. Anyone can add or change the information if he or she finds it not correct or not well written. In this way, people who know a lot about a certain subject can write about it even if they are not university professors.
What is more, Wikepedia includes articles written in about 235 languages. This fact makes it one of the few websites  on the Internet that are truly international. It was started in 2001 by Larry Sanger and Jimmy Wales, as a free online English-language encyclopedia project. By April 2008, over 10 million articles had been put on Wikipedia. A quarter of the articles are in English. Wikipedia is also a place where people can find the latest news.
However, Wikipedia has its own problems. There have been many complaints that some of the information on Wikipedia is not accurate and some important subjects are not included. This has led to arguments between the writers of articles. The people running Wikipedia say that the accuracy of the information is improving and that it is one of the top 20 visited websites on the Internet.
So, if you are looking for some information, why not try Wikipedia?
The question is: People who write on Wikipadia  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:know much about a certain subject
B:likes writing different stories
C:should be university professors
D:are usually famous scientistsGet a Life is a website that helps middle school students answer the question --What do you want to be when you grow up?
"It encourages teenagers to have a big dream; it tries to find out what is possible; it makes a plan for children to get where they want to go," said Combs, one of the persons who set up the website.       [:ZSSxxSSk.Com]
Get a Life suggests teenagers let their hobbies and interests decide what to do in the future. It encourages them to look for activities that help them try to do some jobs and get important knowledge and skills. It also offers information about fast-growing and well-paid jobs, and provides job training for teenagers.
"Middle school is the perfect time for students to find out their interests, to have many different experiences and do something for their future jobs," a middle school teacher said. "Our world will become a better place if we make our _ s wide and try new things. Our students can't wait until high school or university to begin building their dreams. Right now is the right time to get a life."
"This website is exactly what these children need for a better future. If our children can make better plans for their future, it is more possible for them to succeed," Combs said.
The question is: According to the passage, the website is   _   for children.
The possible answers are:
A:boring
B:helpful
C:colorful
D:seriousBad teeth, a heavier body? And now, weaker bones. Last week, American scientists found another bad thing about cola: It's bad for our bones, especially women's bones.
Well, if cola is bad for us, you may want other popular drinks , for example, energy drinks . Energy drinks look cool. Their makers say they give you energy and make you better at sports. So, many students drink them before exams to help them stay awake.
But wait. To keep you awake, most energy drinks have a lot of caffeine . They are like a strong cup of coffee or tea. If you drink a lot of them, your heart will beat faster. You will feel nervous . You could also have sleeping problems and find it hard to live without them.
Amanda Smith is a 16-year-old US junior high school student. She drinks one or more energy drinks every day. She started to do this a year ago before dance class. But now, Smith says, "I drink them whenever I feel weak or before a test. I cannot help drinking them."
The energy you get from the drinks helps for only a short time. You may feel good for an hour or so, but then you'll feel worse than before.
The question is: Though energy drinks make one feel good at first, it  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:won't last for long
B:looks very cool
C:won't be bad for us
D:gets worse than beforeA woman has some trouble  with her eyes, so she goes to see the doctor. He is a new doctor and doesn't know her, so he asks some questions and one of them is, "How old are you?"
The woman says, "I don't know, doctor, but let me think about it." She thinks for a few minutes and then says, "Yes, I know now, doctor! When I marry , I am eighteen years old, and my husband is thirty. Now my husband is sixty. And that is twice  thirty, right?" So boys and girls, do you know the woman's age now?
The question is: Something is wrong with the woman's   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:head
B:eyes
C:ears
D:mouthThe day is like any other day in his life. Tom walks past the shop on the street corner. He stops to look at the front row of shoes, and he feels happy to see that the pair of shoes he wants very much is still there. Looking down at his old shoes, he feels sorry for himself. He really wants to have them for his birthday.
He sadly walks away and thinks how to tell his mother about it. He knows very well she has little money. He decides not to go home at once , as he looks sad and his mother will notice  it. So he goes to the park and sits on the grass. There he sees a boy moving a wheelchair with his hands . Tom looks at him and is surprised to see that the boy has no feet. He looks at his own feet. "It's much better to be without shoes than without feet", he thinks. There is no reason or him to feel so sorry and sad. He goes away and smiles, thinking he is happier.
The question is: Tom passes the shop   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:on foot
B:by bike
C:in a wheelchair
D:by busWearing the wrong type of glasses will do harm to your eyes. Incorrect glasses may not be good for the children under 10. You may see better with glasses that are specially made for you.
Watching too much television may be bad for your eyes. This is not true for everyone. People with easily affected eyes may find they get red and achy   from watching TV for long. Carrots will help you see in the dark. Carrots are rich in beta-carotene (b). The body can change beta-carotene into vitamin A, and too little beta-carotene can cause night blindness. However, a lot of research shows that night blindness is more likely to be connected with some other vision problems.
The question is: The purpose of this passage is to tell people   _   .
The possible answers are:
A:to have more carrots
B:how to protect their eyes
C:of the importance of their eyes
D:something more about their eyesMost parents hope that their children can be happy and successful. But do you know the most powerful way to encourage them to be so? The answer is to allow them to make their own decisions.
Different people have different ideas about children's decision making. Unfortunately , most parents make decisions for their children--what they wear, what they eat and what movies they watch. In fact, it's not good for children's growing.
Children should be allowed to make decisions when they are very young. But this doesn't mean they are allowed to do everything. For example, you shouldn't take your children into a convenience store and tell them they can have anything they want. They would be overwhelmed  by the choices. But you can give them a choice among snacks. When children get older, expand   the number of choices you give them. For example, allow them to decide the activities they want to take part in or when they decide to go to bed.
The next step is to get your children to think before they act. Ask themselves several important questions. First, why do I want to do this? Second, what are my choices? Third, what are the results of the actions? After the three questions, they are sure to have right decisions.
The question is: From the passage we can learn   _   .
The possible answers are:
A:all children like snacks in the store
B:few parents make decisions for their children
C:the kids can learn about how to make decisions
D:the passage wants to tell the kids how to be successfulOne day Trudy saw an advertisement in a magazine. It offered a packet of 100 mixed stamps for $10. Trudy wanted to start a stamp collection so she ordered the packet. One hundred mixed stamps seemed a good way to begin a collection. She sent a postal order to the stamp company with her order, and waited excitedly for the stamps arrived. Trudy checked the mail every day for four weeks but the stamps didn't arrive. So Trudy decided to write to the company. "Dear Sir/Madam," she wrote, "a month ago I sent you a postal order for $10 as payment for 100 mixed stamps. They haven't arrived. Please send them by return of mail." another month passed. The stamps still didn't arrive and she didn't receive any replay to her letter. She asked her father for advice. Her father said, "You must write a stronger letter. Make the stamp company worry that you will report them to the authorities." "Dear Sir/Madam," she wrote in her second letter. "I am writing to complain about your poor service. Two months ago I sent you a postal order for $10 as payment for 100 mixed stamps. I didn't receive the stamps. A month ago I wrote to inform you of this. I still haven't received the stamps, and you haven't replied to my letter. If I do not receive the stamps within seven days. I shall report this matter to the authorities." Two days later Trudy received the stamps in the mail.
The question is: Trudy paid for the stamps with   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:cash
B:a check
C:the credit card
D:a postal orderThere is a photo on Becky's desk. It is a picture of her family. There are four people in it.
The man is her father. He is thirty-eight. He can speak Chinese. There is a woman behind Becky. She is Becky's mother. She is thirty-seven. She can't speak Chinese, but she speaks English. They're teachers. They work in a school. There is a boy in the picture, too. He is Becky's brother. His name is Jack. He is twelve. He can skate  and ride a bike. He has an American friend. Her name is Betty. Becky and her brother are in the same school, but they aren't in the same grade. They look like their mother. They are English. It's a big family.
,.
The question is: Becky and her brother are   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:in the same school but not the same class
B:in the same school and the same grade
C:in the same school and the same class
D:in the same school but not the same gradeA very new, young officer was at a station. He was on his way to visit his mother in another town, and he wanted to telephone her to tell her the time of this train , so that she could meet him at the station in her car.He look in all his pockets, but found that he did not have the right money for the telephone, so he went outside and looked around for someone to help him.
At last an old soldier came by, and the young officer stopped him and said, "Have you got change  for ten pence ?"
"Wait a moment, " the old soldier answered. He began to put his hand in his pocket, "I'll see whether I can help you. "
"Don't you know how to speak to an officer?" the young man said angrily. "Now let's start again. Have you got change for ten pence? "
"No, sir," the old soldier answered quickly.
The question is: The young officer wanted to telephone his mother to tell her  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:that he was going to visit her
B:where his train would leave for
C:what time his train would arrive at the station
D:that he was then at the stationMost children don't enjoy doing chores. They like playing computer games rather than  cleaning the rooms. But in Australia, Jim and Robert's mother, Mrs.  Black, has good and proper methods to get their children to do housework.
Here is an example.
"Mom, have you worked out next week's chores? Let Jim and me choose the cards.  I can't wait. It's fun! "
When Robert shouted out, his mother had already put all the cards on their big table. On the cards, there are some words like these, "sweep the floor, clean your bedroom, help mom cook, wash vegetables, make beds, feed the fish, cut the wood, clean the bathroom" and many others, Jim and Robert chose two cards for each day from Monday to Friday. Then they would hang them on the weekday task board. Jim likes to clean the bathroom, so he picked up the card "clean the bathroom". Robert loves to make the bed so he picked up his favorite card. Jim again picked up "wash vegetables" and Robert chose "feed the fish". Soon the two boys were happy to take away all the cards.
To help the children do chores, their mother thought hard and came up with this idea. Of course, the parents did the chores at weekends and left Jim and Robert two days free.
The question is: Jim likes to  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:clean the bathroom
B:make the bed
C:feed the fish
D:sweep the floorMy summer hols wr CWOT. B4, we usd 2 go 2 NY 2C my bro, his GF & thr3:-@ kids FTF. ILNY, it's gr8.
Can you understand this sentence? If you can't, don't feel too bad; neither could the middle school teacher in England who received this as homework. This is Netspeak: the language of computerized communication found on Internet or cell phones. To new comers, it can look like a completely foreign language. So, what is the translation of the sentence above? My summer holidays were a complete waste of time. Before, we used to go to New York to see my brother, his girlfriend, and their three screaming kids face to face. I love New York. It's great.
School teachers and parents say this new form of writing is harming the English language. Increasing spelling and grammatical mistakes can be seen in students' writing. They fear the language could become corrupted  .
"Everyone should just relax", say linguists  . They believe Netspeak is in fact more of a good thing. David Crystal, from the University of Wales, argues that Netspeak and Internet create a new language use and the almost lost art of diary writing, has been picked up again. Geoffrey Nurberg, from Stanford University, agrees. "People get better at writing by writing," he says. "kids who are now doing text messaging, e-mails, and instant messages will write at least as well as, and possibly better than their parents."
Linguist James says, for centuries, it is believed without exception that young people are harming the language. And you can _ that when today's teenagers become tomorrow's parents. They too will think this way. James argues that languages do not and cannot become corrupted. They simply change to meet the new needs.
However, Netspeakers do agree that it is important to teach young people how to speak and write standard English. Cynthia McVey says, "I can understand Netspeak worries teachers and it's important that they get across to their pupils that text messaging is for fun, but learning to write proper English is a must for their future."
Perhaps we should give teenagers a little more trust anyway. Erin, aged 12, says, "I wouldn't use text language in my homework. Texting is just for fun. "
The question is: Which of the following is TRUE according to the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:David Crystal thinks Netspeak helps develop the habit of writing.
B:Geoffrey Nurberg believes Netspeakers can write Standard English.
C:James says that language is changing and improving.
D:Cynthia McVey points out teenagers can deal with Netspeak properly.I used to be very close to my father when I was a child. He gave me almost everything I wanted. Whenever I quarreled with my mother, I would turn to my father for comfort. He was everything to me.
Time flies like a bird. As I got older, I became silent and found it hard to start a conversation with my father. The gap  between us began to grow. He had done so much for me but I always took it for granted .
Last time our school gave us two days off, and daddy gave me a ride home on his motorbike. I was tired and fell asleep on his back. Later my mother said he was very happy because it had been a long time since we got close last. Suddenly I felt a little shamed. I realized that I had paid no attention to him a lot during the last few years.
The next day I stayed in bed and when daddy tried to wake me up to have breakfast, I pretended  that I couldn't hear him. At last he brought a bowl of noodles to my bed, and said, "Come on, dear, have your breakfast and then continue your dream." I got so angry with him for troubling my sleep that I shouted, " _ ."
As I said this, I sat up quickly, and the bowl of noodles broke on the floor. Hearing the noise, mum came in and shouted at me, "What do you think your father is? Who else treats you as well as he does?"
I was shocked and didn't know what to say. Finally I rushed with tears all over my face. I went to the pool where I used to go fishing with daddy. A few minutes later, I heard the sound of daddy's motorbike. He was looking for me worriedly, but he didn't notice me as I was sitting behind a tall brush.
I didn't return home until 10 a.m.. The moment my parents saw me, they rushed to me. Mum hugged me tightly and daddy looked at me with worry in his eyes. "Are you hungry, dear?" he said at last. Before I could say anything, he had gone off on his motorbike to buy food for me.
The question is: The sentence in this passage "He was everything to me" means   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:My father gave me everything
B:My father would give me whatever I wanted
C:When my father was angry, he wouldn't give me anything
D:I used to depend on him in everything in my lifeMrs. Black and her daughter Jane are in a store.   (: Clerk )
Clerk:Can I help you?
Mrs. Black: I want a sweater for my daughter.
Clerk: What color does she like?
Mrs. Black (to Jane): What color do you like, dear?
Jane: I like yellow.
Clerk: Do you like this one?
Jane: Yes, it's really beautiful. How much is it?
Clerk: 80 dollars.
Mrs. Black: It's too expensive  . 
Clerk: Look at this blue one. It's only 30 dollars.
Mrs. Black: I think the blue one is nice , too.
Jane: But, Mom, I don't like blue.
Mrs. Black: OK, we'll take the yellow one.
Jane: Thank you, Mom.
Clerk: Here you are.
Mrs. Black: Thanks.
Clerk: You're welcome.
The question is: What color does Jane like?
The possible answers are:
A:White.
B:Yellow.
C:Blue.
D:Black.Gina has a small room at home. Look! This is her room. Some things are in her room.
Her schoolbag is on her desk. Her red jacket is on her bed. An E-dictionary is on her bed, too. It's Grace's. Grace Smith is her friend. Her books are on the sofa. And her teacher Mr. Green's pen is in the bookcase. She borrowed  it. She has a set of keys in her desk. She has a computer game.
A model plane is under her desk. It is her father--Tim Miller's. Her mother--Emma Miller's sweater  is in her room, too.
The question is: According to the article , we know   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:Gina's books are on the table
B:the keys are on her desk
C:Gina's sweater is in the room
D:Gina's schoolbag is on her deskTom was nine years old and he went to a school near his house. He went there on foot and came back home usually at 4 o'clock. But last Monday he was very late. His mother asked, "Why are you so late today, Tom?" "Because my teacher asked me to stay behind  " Tom answered. "Why did the teacher make you stay behind?" the mother asked again. "Because no one could answer the teacher's question except  me," Tom said. "What was the question?" his mother asked. "The question was 'Who broke   the window of the classroom?'" Tom said.
The question is: His mother might   be very   _  when she heard about that.
The possible answers are:
A:hungry
B:pleased
C:happy
D:angryWhat a miracle! A low-cost Lost in Thailand <<>> has got the best ticket sales. It is true that Lost in Thailand has become the most popular Chinese film of all time.
The ticket sales
The movie Lost in Thailand cost just 30 million yuan to make, but it has earned more than 1.2 billion yuan. It has got more ticket than Painted Skin: The Resurrection, the best-selling movie this summer in China.
The story summary
Lost in Thailand is a comedy. It is a story about three Chinese men who met on their trips to Thailand. The movie has a great plot. Xu Lang is a businessman. He hurried to Thailand to look for his boss because of his special purpose. His competitor, Gao Bo followed him to Thailand, too. Xu Lang met Wang Bao, a pancake maker on his way to Thailand, Three Chinese men had some funny and _ experiences in Thailand and the story made people high.
The director and actors
The director of the movie is Xu Zheng. He has been a popular actor for about ten years. He was famous for his role, the Evil Pig in a popular TV serious. Lost in Thailand is his first movie that was directed by Xu Zheng. Xu Zheng is a lead role in the movie. Huang Bo and Wang Baoqiang are China's top comedians and the both play the important roles in the movie.
,A, B, c, D,. (10)
The question is: .We can know the information of the movie EXCEPT   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:its cost
B:its time limit
C:its director
D:its ticket salesWe always celebrated Dad's birthday on Thanksgiving Day, even after he entered a nursing home. When we knew it might be his last birthday, the whole family decided to get together for a huge birthday celebration at the nursing home.
Dad was a good storyteller and we were always his listeners. During a quiet moment, I announced it was now Dad's turn to listen to stories for a change. I wanted everyone to tell Dad what we loved about him. The room became quiet. Then one after another, people told stories from their hearts, while Dad listened with tears in eyes.
Everyone seemed to have more than one story. Even the little grandchildren couldn't wait to tell Dad why they loved him. For a man who had been kind to so many hundreds of people in his life, here was our chance to tell him how much we love him. A few months later, at Dad's memorial service, we more fully realized what we had given to Dad that night. Those are the stories people normally tell at a funeral   after a loved one is no longer alive to hear the words. They tell stories, full of tears. But we had given those memories to Dad in his life, and we had told them through laughter, together with hugs and joy. He had them to hold and enjoyed them from time to time in his mind during his last days and months.
Words do matter, and they are enough. We just need to say them or to speak them publicly the ones we love. That's the ways to give back love and that's our chance to celebrate a person in his or her life.
The question is: According to the passage, we know  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:all the family loved the father, including the little grandchildren
B:the writer's father was still enjoying good health
C:the party was held at the writer's home
D:the doctor told the writer his father was going to die at onceDear Tom,
I go on a trip to Beijing with my father Rick. On the first day, we visit   the Palace Museum. It is in the centre of Beijing. There are many rooms in it. You can see "No photos!" in some places. If so, you need to follow the instructions  . On the second day, we visit the Summer Palace. It's great fun to boat there. I can swim, so I'm not afraid of water. Tomorrow we will go to the Great Wall.
I also make a new friend Tony who comes from Australia. When he leaves, he gives me his e-mail address and telephone number. After the six-day trip, we can go back to New York by plane. I hope to see you soon.
Bill
The question is: We can know that   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:Bill comes to Beijing with his mother
B:Bill will go back to New York by ship
C:it's fun for Bill to boat in the Summer Palace
D:Bill sees "No talking!" in the Palace MuseumYoung American Volunteers
If you have no special plans for your holiday, why not spend your time helping others? Don't listen to people who say that young people today often think only of themselves. It's not true at all. More and more young people in the USA volunteer to spend their school holidays working for others. And they don't do it for money. Here are some of their stories.
Alice Hamilton, 17   I'm going to help the Forest Center build new hiking paths in the mountains. It's going to be terrific - I'll spend the whole summer living in a tent and breathing the clean mountain air. I'm going to sleep under the stars. It will be a nice sport, and I'll be able to do something good at the same time!
Jason Moore, 18   This summer, I'm going to volunteer with Special House Program. They build good, low-cost houses and sell them to the families that are not very rich. They'll teach me what to do, so I'll help people and also have a chance to learn how to build houses.
Trish Anderson, 16   I'm going to teach kids who have trouble reading. I'll work for a program called Reading For Life. Every day, I'm going to help kids choose and read books that they like. I want to be a teacher and I love children and reading, so this is going to be a great experience for me.
.
The question is: From this passage, we know that Jason Moore   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:is 18 years old
B:isn't very rich
C:is good at sport
D:likes readingHello, everyone! My name is Peter. I think a good friend is like a mirror. I'm tall and have short hair. My best friend Jack looks similar to me. I'm quiet and like reading books. He likes reading, too. So we often spend time together reading and studying. I like sports. I play basketball very well and he is good at playing basketball too. I don't think it's easy for me to make friends because I'm quieter than most of the other boys. But I think friends are like books--you don't need a lot of them as, long as they're good.
Read and answer the questions(, )
The question is: What does Peter think of friends?
The possible answers are:
A:They are very good.
B:You need lots of them.
C:They are like mirros.
D:We don't know.Dear Frank,
Thank you for your email. I'm very glad you are having a good trip now. Ottawa is very beautiful in May. I hope I can have a chance  to go there one day. Our summer holiday will start next month. I like my summer holiday, although it's hot at that time in America. In summer holiday, I can swim in the sea and go fishing. It's so cool. And I am going to our hometown near Chicago with my sister, Linda, and my parents agree .Our uncle lives there, so Linda and I can stay with him. We are not going to take a plane. We are going there by train. I am going to fish there. And Linda likes painting. She is going to do some painting there. I'm sure we'll have a good time.
Sincerely,
Jack
The question is: Which of the following sentences is NOT true?
The possible answers are:
A:Jack sends an email to Frank.
B:Jack and Linda are going to their hometown by train.
C:Jack doesn't like his summer holiday because it's very hot.
D:Linda is going to do some painting in her hometown.My name is Jeff. I'm English. But now I live  in China. I am a student. This is my classroom. Fifteen small desks and thirty chairs are in the classroom. They are for  classmates and me. A big desk is in the classroom, too. It's for my teacher. A clock is on the back wall of the classroom. Next to the clock is a map. It's a map of China. My classroom is nice and clean. I like _ very much.
The question is: How many desks are there  in the classroom?
The possible answers are:
A:Fifteen
B:Sixteen
C:Thirty
D:Thirty-oneUnlike other people, my Olympic heroes are not Olympic champions or the important people on the Olympic Committee  . They are just the ordinary ones who do the everyday things. They work without the recognition   the famous people get. They are the Olympic volunteers.
These people aren't the great stars of sport. They just want to do their part for the Olympics by smiling and helping the Games go smoothly.The stars of the Games are like brightly colored sailboats on the sea, racing through the waves. How lovely to watch them! But the volunteers are the wind, which nobody sees. Without the wind the sailboats would not be able to move and no one would want to watch them. The volunteers breathe   the wind of life into the athletes.
The volunteers may never win medals, but they always do their best to encourage the _ , whether the athletes win or lose.Some might think what the volunteers do is boring, hardly worth mentioning  . But in my eyes, they are as important as the champions and the stars. They are just as much heroes, despite   not appearing in newspapers or on TV.
I truly admire them and I will always cheer for them. They are my Olympic heroes.
The question is: What does the writer think of the volunteers' work?
The possible answers are:
A:boring
B:important
C:interesting
D:excellentA habit is an action that we have acted so often that it becomes something we do almost without thinking. Some of them are not good habits. People spend countless hours and dollars each year trying to give up these bad habits but often fail. Why? Change is hard work and there is no shortcut to get it. However, there is still some advice for you to follow.
First, look at why you do it. In other words, what's the result  of doing this thing? If your bad habit is shouting at people when you are unhappy or under pressure , what do you get from it? It may make you feel a little better for the moment. Or maybe you have a bad habit of leaving your homework undone. The result could be that you get more time to spend on the Internet!
Next, take a look on the other hand. What are you losing because of your habit? Shouting at other people is a bad habit because it makes people around you feel bad and unhappy. Leaving your homework undone is a bad habit because you may be punished by your teacher. Having more Internet time means that you are losing the chance to learn the things you need to learn. When you think that way, you'll find that it's not wise to keep your bad habit! Now it is time to make a decision . What will you choose? I'm sure you will choose to do something that is more important.
The question is: According to the passage, if you want to give up your habits, you have to   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:talk to others
B:know why you do and what you do
C:finish your homework first
D:spend less time on the InternetA gentleman once advertised for a boy to help him in his office, and nearly fifty persons asked for the place. Out of the whole number he in a short time chose one, and sent all the other boys away.
"I should like to know," said a friend, "on what ground you chose that boy. He didn't even have a recommendation with him.
"You are mistaken,"said the gentleman, "he had a great many: -
"He made his shoes clean when he came in, and closed the door after him; showing that he was orderly .
"He gave his seat to the disabled old man; showing that he was _ 
"He took off his cap when he came in, and answered my questions quickly and respectfully c) ; showing that he was polite.
"He lifted up the book which I had purposely   laid on the floor, and put it on the table, while all the others stepped over it or pushed it aside; showing that he was careful.
"And he waited quietly for his turn, instead of pushing the others aside; showing that he was modest  ( ) .
"When I talked with him, I noticed that his clothes were carefully brushed, his hair in nice order, and his teeth as white as milk. When he wrote his name, I noticed that his fingernails were clean; instead of having some untidy personal habits.
"Don't you call these things letters of recommendation? I do; and the things that I can discover a boy by using my eyes for ten minutes, is worth more than all the fine letters that he can bring."
The question is: What can you learn from this passage?
The possible answers are:
A:The gentleman is a wise man.
B:All gentlemen can choose the right person by using their eyes.
C:Good behaviors c) and good habits ae important for a person.
D:One should pay more attention to his recommendation than to his behaviors.Passage 2
Colin is a twenty-year-old young man. Two years ago, when he finished middle school, he got a job in a store. Usually he works until ten o'clock in the evening. He is very tired when he gets home. After a quick supper he goes to bed and soon falls asleep. His grandma who lives downstairs is satisfied  with him.
One day, on his way home, he met Nancy. They were both happy. He asked the girl to his house. She agreed happily. He bought some fruit and drinks for her. And they talked about the school life they spent together, their teachers, classmates and their future . They talked for a long time.
"Have a look at your watch, please," said the girl. "What time is it now?"
"Sorry, something is wrong with my watch," said Colin. "Where's yours?"
"I left it at home."
Colin thought for a moment and found a way. He began to stamp his foot on the floor, "Bang! Bang! Bang!"
The sound woke his grandma up. The old woman shouted downstairs, "It's twelve o'clock in the night, Colin. Why are you still jumping upstairs?"
The question is: Colin stamped his foot on the floor in order   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:to wake his neighbor
B:to make his grandma angry
C:that his grandma would tell him the time
D:that his grandma would buy his a watchI'm a boy. My name is Tom White. I am ten years old. I am in Class 2, Grade 1. I'm in No. 1 Middle School. My teacher is Mr. Wu. I have a good friend at school He is Jim Green. Jim is his first name and Green is his last name. He is ten, too. But he is in Class 1, Grade 1. His teacher is Miss Wang.
, .
The question is: Tom's teacher and Jim's teacher are   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:Mr. Wu
B:Mr. Wu and Mr. Wang
C:Miss Wu and Miss Wang
D:Mr. Wu and Miss WangAccident Report Form
Accident    A car hit a tree. Four people were in the car.
Weather condition   There was a heavy rain.
Cause   The driver named Li Jun drank too much.
Date of call    March 20th, 2009
Time of call    8:30 p.m.
Name of caller  A man called Zhang Wei. (He was taking a walk there at that time.)
Place   Zhongshan Road, Nanjing
Conditions of victims    Mr. Green hurt his head. Mrs. Green hurt her left leg.
Their daughter felt frightened. Their dog died.
Action  Policemen arrived at 8: 40 p.m. and sent the victims to Gulou
Hospital at 8:45 p.m.
The question is: Whose left leg was hurt?
The possible answers are:
A:Mrs. Green's.
B:Mr. Green's
C:Their daughter's
D:Their dog'sLook at this. What's this in English? Ah, it's a photo. Who's that in the photo? It's Li Yan. Li Yan is my good friend. She is a nice girl. Who's that? The boy in black? It's Jim. He is an English boy. He is very cool. He is my friend, too. We are all in the same class. I like Jim and Li Yan.
,,.
The question is: --What color is Jim in? --  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:Red
B:Yellow
C:Orange
D:BlackMonday.....oh, I don't like Monday because I will  have to go back to school again after the weekend. Tuesday is not so bad. I usually play tennis with my friends after school. On Wednesday evening I don't go out. I stay at home and do my homework. I like Thursday because the next day is Friday. I always go out on Friday -maybe to the cinema. I love the weekend. On Saturday I stay in bed until lunchtime, and I sometimes go to the shops in the afternoon. In the evening we go to a club--there are good bands there every Saturday. Then on Sundays I go to my friend's house or she comes to mine. I usually visit my grandmother for an hour in the afternoon. Then the weekend is over and it's Monday.... And I feel bad again!
The question is: The writer doesn't like the Monday because   _
The possible answers are:
A:Monday is the first day of a week
B:he just spent  a happy weekend
C:Monday is the first school day of a week
D:he will have many lessons on MondayWe each have a memory. That's why we can still remember things after a long time. Some people have very good memories and they can easily learn many things by heart, but some people can only remember things when they say or do them again and again. Many of the great men of the world have got surprising memories.
A good memory is a great help in learning languages. Everybody learns his mother language when he is a small child. He hears the sounds, remembers them and then he learns to speak. Some children are living with their parents in foreign countries. They can learn two languages as easily as one because they hear, remember and speak two languages every day. In school it is not so easy to learn a foreign language because the pupils have so little time for it, and they are busy with other subjects, too.
But your memory will become better and better when you do more and more exercises
The question is: Everybody learns his mother language  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:after he goes to school
B:when he is a small child
C:at the age of six
D:when he can write and readDear Nancy,
How are you? Now I want to tell something interesting. Last week we had a trip to Mount Tai. On Tuesday we went to Taian by bus, a city at the foot of the mountain. We had a good rest at a hotel. At about one o'clock early the next morning, we began to climb the mountain. It took us about four hours and a half to get to the top. The mountain is covered   with trees. I didn't see such a beautiful place before.
"Look! The sun is going to rise!" my friend Lim shouted.
We all turned to the east and watched. Soon half of the sky because white, and a big, red ball was rising slowly. A few minutes later, the sky became bright .
We stayed on the top and had a good time. After lunch we started going down. We got to the tour hotel at about four in the afternoon. Though we were tired, we were very happy. We came back to school the next day.
Thank you very much for your last letter and the beautiful postcards. Hope to hear from you soon.
Yours
Wu Tong
The question is: The letter is from   _  to   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:Wu Tong; Nancy
B:Nancy; Wu Tong
C:Lim; Wu Tong
D:Nancy; LimMy summer hols wr CWOT. B4, we usd 2 go 2 NY 2C my bro, his GF & thr 3:-@ kids FTF ILNY, its gr8.
Can you understand this sentence? If you can't, don't feel too bad: neither could the middle school teacher in England who received this as homework. This is Net speak: the language of computerized communication found on Internet or cell phones. To newcomers, it can look like a completely foreign language. So, what is the "translation" of the sentence above? My summer holidays were a complete waste of time. Before, we used to go to New York to see my brother, his girlfriend, and their three screaming kids face to face. I love New York; it's great.
Schoolteachers and parents say this new form of writing is harming the English language. Increasing spelling and grammatical mistakes can be seen in students' writing. They fear the language could become corrupted .
Everyone should just relax, say linguists . They believe Net speak is in fact more of a good thing. David Crystal, from the University of Wales, argues that Net speak and Internet create a new language use and the almost lost art of diary writing has been picked up again. Geoffrey Nurnberg, from Stanford University, agrees. "People get better at writing by writing," he says, "Kids who are now doing text messages, e-mail, and instant messages will write at least as well as, and possibly better than, their parents."
Linguist James Milroy says, for centuries, it is believed without exception that young people are harming the language. And you can bet your bottom dollar that when today's teenagers become tomorrow's parents, they too will think this way. Milroy argues that languages do not and cannot become "corrupted"; they simply change to meet the new needs.
However, Net speakers do agree that it is important to teach young people how to speak and write Standard  English. Cynthia McVey says, "I can understand Net speak worries teachers and it's important that they get across to their pupils that text messaging is for fun, but that learning to write proper English is a must for their future."
Perhaps we should give teenagers a little more trust anyway. Erin, age 12, says, "I wouldn't use text language in my homework. Texting is just for fun".
The question is: What can be the best title for the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:Net speak: A Widely-Used Language on Internet
B:Is Net speak Harming the English Language?
C:Is Net speak Helpful in Language Learning?
D:Net speak: Advantages and DisadvantagesEarthquakes happen without warning .They can happen any time of a day,at any point during the year.But don't worry because most are so weak that they cannot be felt. Only a few big ones hurt people. However,it's important to know what to do when an earthquake is happening.
Do NOT go outside.You could get injured from falling glass or parts of buildings.If you are outside,stay away from buildings and power lines  .
Stay under a desk,table,or other strong furniture .Hold on to it.Or stay in a corner of the building.Cover your face and head with your arms and cover your mouth with a towel  or clothing.Stay inside until shaking stops and it is safe to go outside.
Keep away from windows,pictures or advertisements on the wall or the building,and anything else that could fall and hurt you.Most people get injured by falling things during an earthquake,not by the shaking itself.
Also keep away from a fire.You could fall down and burn yourself on the fire.
If you are driving when an earthquake happens,stop the car if it's safe.Stay inside your car until the earthquake stops,and don't drive near bridges. Try not to stop by power lines or trees.These could fall and hurt you.
The question is: It isn't safe for you to  _  while the earthquake is happening.
The possible answers are:
A:run out of the building
B:stay in a corner of the building
C:cover your head with your arms
D:cover your mouth with a towelAmerican children have exciting after-school life, a new study says. Many junior and senior students have lots of funny things to do in their free time. More than 57% have activities every day. 82% have activities at least four times a week. American students spend their free time doing sports, or enjoying arts, music and dancing. They like to have life outside school because they can make a lot of friends during their activities.
The question is: American students   _  , or enjoy arts, music and dancing in their free time.
The possible answers are:
A:do sports
B:surf the Internet
C:have fun
D:watch TVOnce upon a time, there lived a wealthy and kind king. However, the people were worried about him because he was very fat. He didn't do anything other than eat and sleep.
One day, the king finally realized that he couldn't even move his body. There were many good doctors in his country. However, none could cure the king. The king had a lot of wealth, but no amount of wealth could make him healthy.
One fine morning, a holy  man visited the country. He heard about the ill health of the king and told the minister to meet him at his place, which was far from the king's palace. When the minister came, the holy man said that he could easily cure the king. Hearing these promising words, the minister became very happy. Since the king could not move his body, the minister asked the holy man to go to the king's palace to treat him. However, the holy man refused and said that he would treat the king only if the king came on foot to his place.
The king was unable to walk even a few steps on the road, but after great efforts, he reached the holy man's place. Unluckily, the holy man was not _ and his wife told the king to come the next day. This was repeated for two weeks. Suddenly, the king realized that he felt a lot lighter. Very soon, the king became healthy, and the people became happy again.
The question is: Why did the holy man want the king to walk to his place?
The possible answers are:
A:To punish him
B:To play a joke on him
C:To help him save money
D:To help him lose weightThe air here is fresh. There are not many tall buildings in our town. The best building is in our school. There are four hundred students and twenty-five teachers in our school. In the front of the school, there is a playground. I often play basketball with my classmates on it. There is a little garden behind our school. And we can grow beautiful flowers and plant trees in the garden. Next the garden, there is an orange orchard . You can hear birds singing everywhere. There is a river not far from our school. In summer, we usually go swimming in it.
The question is: The writer lives   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:in a small town
B:in the city of Guilin
C:in a village
D:in a tall buildingThere is an old Chinese saying, " _ That means if someone helps you a bit, you should remember it and thank them gratefully in return.
We should live in a world of gratitude. We should prove it with actions, not just words. We thank people who hurt us, because they teach us important things. We thank people who give us up, because we learn how to be independent. We thank people who selfish ,because we learn the importance of being kind. Of course, we should thank people who help us. We should thank people who teach us. We should thank people who care about us.
We thank our parents. They work hard all the time in order to give their sons and daughters a better life. They cook meals for us, they do the chores for us, they always give us food and clothes, they teach us what is right and what is wrong.
We thank our teachers who give us dreams. They teach us a lot of things but they ask for nothing from us. We are well-educated of them.
There are a lot of people that we should be grateful to in our life. We should find a way to thank them.
The question is: Which of the following statements is True?
The possible answers are:
A:We don't have to care about those who care about us
B:We learn nothing from our teachers
C:Our parents work hard to give us a better life.
D:Our parents don't cook for us.Pingyao is one of China's three protected ancient cities (the other two are Xi'an and Jingzhou). Lying in the middle of Shanxi Province, 90 kilometers south of Taiyuan, Pingyao ancient city used to be about two hours' drive from the capital of Shanxi Province, but now the distance is only one hour and ten minutes' drive after the highway was built. With a history of over 2,700 years, the ancient city stands out as one of the best protected of all the walled cities in China.
On December 3rd, 1997, UNESCO   added Pingyao to the World Heritage   List as a world's culture heritage. According to the UNESCO World Heritage Commission ,the Pingyao ancient city is a wonderful example of the Chinese Han cities during the Ming and Qing dynasties. All the features of the Pingyao ancient city have been protected, and it shows an outstanding Chinese historical development including its culture, society, economy and religion .
,A, B, C, D,. (10)
The question is: It will take you about one hour to get to Pingyao from Taiyuan   _   .
The possible answers are:
A:by plane
B:by bike
C:by train
D:by carOne day while driving from my home to work. I noticed a car in front of me had a wobbly wheel. It was clear that the wheel had been changed recently and had not been fixed correctly. On a slow road this would not show much of a problem but I knew a highway was coming soon. There the traffic would move much faster and the driver would be in danger as the wheel could come off at that speed.
I was driving a large jeep at the time and the car in front was a small one driven by a young lady on her own. So as I tried to flash my lights and wave her to pull over,  I was worried that she wouldn' t pull over on the road side when she found in her mirror a single man chasing  her down in a jeep and waving for her to pull over.
Thankfully. she trusted more in the good nature of people and pulled over where I could explain the problem. She said the wheel was changed only the night before and that she would pull into the nearest garage where the repairman had tools to fix the wheel correctly.
My belief is that the act of kindness was hers and not mine. How so? Well,  it was she who chose to believe in the possibility that people are good over the belief that bad things would come from being waved over to the side of the road by strangers.
I am glad I was able to wave her down in time and so a serious accident might have been avoided. But I am even happier that she believed in a stranger.
The question is: What would be the best title for the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:Trusting in the Kindness of Strangers
B:A Wobbly Wheel of a Car
C:A Lady Who Was Saved
D:Accident That Didn' t HappenOn Saturday Patrick woke up with a little shock, knowing that this was a special day. For a moment he couldn't think exactly why, and then, with an excited flutter of his stomach, he remembered. At ten o'clock today he was going to find out the final result of the programme called Super Brain. He got dressed more carefully than usual, went downstairs and turned on the TV. Quickly he switched channels. Cartoons, cartoons, advertisements, man talking, snow, snow... and still nothing at all on Channel 8.
"Patrick, turn it off, darling, if you're going to watch." Judith walked past with the newspaper under her arm and her eyes half closed. She headed for the kitchen. Patrick turned off the TV and followed.
"What's for breakfast, Mum?"
"We will see," Judith said in a low voice, turning on the electric kettle  . She looked sleepily at him and smiled. "You look nice, darling," She said. "You're all ready. But we can't go till eight-thirty at the earliest, you know. Nothing will be open till then."
Patrick's stomach seemed to feel a little sick. "We aren't going out, are we?" He asked. Judith began to make the tea. "Don't say you've forgotten!" she said, "I promised you, last Saturday. Your new trainers, remember?"
"Oh--oh, but I can't go out this morning, Mum. There's something I've got to watch on TV. At ten o'clock. I've got to! My trainers will be all right for another week." Patrick said with excitement, looking quite worried.
Judith faced him, hands on hips, "Patrick," she said with great dislike, "it's all organized."
The question is: What did Patrick mean by saying "My trainers will be all right for another week"?
The possible answers are:
A:He didn't need a pair of new trainers at all.
B:He wanted his mother to put off the shopping plan.
C:He would like his mother to start off to buy the trainers.
D:He had another pair of trainers which could last another week.Recently, China Dream has been the subject of a public topic. Although it is quite common for Chinese people to dream of a developed China, most people also have their own dreams. I interviewed several young Chinese students with higher US educational backgrounds. They all had their own dreams for their native country.
Fred Wang, an MBA student in the US, said, "I dream of equal chance for the young in China. Equality means all young people can compete fairly, based on the rule-of-law no matter whether they are rich or poor."
Yujie Zhao, another MBA student in California, said, "I dream of having the best education for my children so they will not lose at the starting line, and I dream of being able to take good care of my parents after they return home from work."
Yiqiong Zhang, an MBA graduate from the US, shared her dreams. "I have a dream which I have been holding for many years, that is after working hard for about 20 to 25 years, I can have enough money to build and manage a bookstore or a flower shop. Besides working hard, I am able to enjoy life, to play the piano, to hike and to enjoy a two-month-long vacation every year. This may be a common dream among young Chinese students."
There is no doubt that all of these young students have their own China Dream. They all love chasing their dreams. The beautiful China Dream requires everyone's hard work. Everyone should work hard to make their dreams come true.
The question is: Which one is Yiqiong Zhang's dream?
The possible answers are:
A:Having an equal chance for the young in China.
B:Having the best education for her children.
C:Managing a bookstore or a flower shop in her middle ages.
D:Taking a four weeks' vacation every year.The human body is a living machine, and, like all machines, it needs "fuel" to supply it with energy. This is provided by the food we eat. But how much do we need to stay healthy?
The energy value of food is usually measured in calories . A calorie is the amount of heat required to raise the temperature of 1 kg of water by 1degC. The number of calories people need per day is different, as the picture shows. Also, the number of calories you use at any one moment normally depends on the activity you are in. For example, you need more calories for standing than for sitting, more for running than for walking, and so on.
The energy in food is in the form of three kinds of chemical materials--carbohydrate , protein  and fat. Carbohydrate provides 3.8 Cal /gm of the energy, protein 4.0 Cal/gm, and fat 8.8 Cal/gm. Each food contains different amounts of these materials, as the round pictures show.
(P= protein      C= carbohydrate    F=fat)
The question is: Which of the following contains the most amount of calories?
The possible answers are:
A:Milk.
B:Rice
C:Peanuts.
D:Milk or peanuts.In the United States, people like going camping for vacation. They do everything for themselves to relax in the woods instead of staying at a modern hotel or a restaurant. They enjoy themselves far away from the noisy cities for a few days.
What should you prepare if you want to go camping like them? When you are camping, you make all of your own food. Barbeques  are very necessary while camping. You can bring bread, drinks, meat and vegetables to the camp. You'd better bring some wood and a lighter  to _ . Remember to put stones around the fire to make sure it won't get too big and dangerous. When the fire is ready, you can cook food over it.
Children really like this activity at night. The whole family sit around the fire, eat their favorite food. Certainly they can sing songs and dance together. What a pleasant and exciting moment.
Camping is a fun activity for the family to do. Vacation does not have to mean going to visit a place far away. It could be as simple as setting up a tent in the nearby woods.
The question is: What should you do while using fire?
The possible answers are:
A:Put stones around the fire.
B:Cover  the fire with grass.
C:Cook food under the fire.
D:Keep far away from the fire.Peter is a student. He usually goes to school on a bus. This morning, He takes a taxi with his father because he may be late for school. His mother gives him a banana when they go out. On the way, he eats the banana and then throw  the banana skin   out of the taxi. At that time, an old man passes there. The old man just steps   on the skin and then _ . His father and he get off the car. They find the old man lying  near the taxi. The banana skin is near him. The old man looks at them and says, "Teach your child to throw the banana skin to the right place!""I am sorry," says his father."Sorry, I won't do that." Peter says.
The question is: How does Peter feel  after old man says to them?
The possible answers are:
A:Sorry
B:Happy
C:Excited
D:RelaxedA large number of people in the world eat fast food. Whenever you go into a fast food restaurant, you can see lots of people enjoying their meals there. How do you know in which country people like fast food best?
The English people are the world's biggest fans of fast food, while the French are the least interested in quick meals, according to a survey done last year.
The survey of thirteen countries shows that 45% of the English people say they can't give up fast food because it's delicious. And 44% of Americans and 37% of Canadians say the same.
The French, proud of their delicious and high-class cuisine, don't like fast food. 81% of them think it is unhealthy, followed by 75% of the Japanese.
How about the Chinese? How often do you have hot dogs or fried chickens? It doesn't matter whether you like Western fast food or Chinese food. The most important thing is to keep a balanced  diet .
The question is: From the survey we know   _   like fast food best.
The possible answers are:
A:the Chinese
B:the French
C:the Japanese
D:the EnglishAs space science develops, man has learned more and more about space. Space is not only amazing but also dangerous. While working in space, spacemen are facing danger as well as success.
Scientists have found out that _ to spacemen in space. When spacemen are working in space, they are in danger of radiation from the sun and other stars, which is bad for their health. The damage  done by radiation won't be discovered until their children or even grandchildren are born. Some special medicine may work a little, but no really helpful medicine has been.
Space junk is also thought _ It's reported that there are 9,000 man-made things flying in space. About 30% of these are satellites, 10% are spaceships, and the rest are space junk. An explosion  in 1996 made a cloud of 300,000. _ , each at least 4mm in size, and even a small piece of these knocked against a spaceship window and did some damage. Scientists are watching and reporting any possible danger all the time. They are working on helpful ways to do with space junk.
Although space is really dangerous, it interests everyone on the earth. In the near future, it may become usual for people to spend a few days in a space hotel. We may even choose to leave the earth and live in space in a few years. So we should care for space and do something to help improve the space environment.
The question is: Which of the following about the passage  is TRUE?
The possible answers are:
A:The passage tells us that radiation in space comes from the sun and other stars.
B:Every one of us can make a trip to space now.
C:Scientists have found out ways to solve any problem in space.
D:People are afraid to travel to space because it's too dangerous.Robert lives in a small town. Five years ago, when he was nineteen, he finished middle school. He didn't like any subjects except playing when he was at school. Of course he learned nothing and the bosses wouldn't use a man like him. He has to stay at home, but doesn't do any housework, only watches TV or lies on bed. It makes his parents angry. They want him to study something, he always think it difficult and doesn't listen to them.
One day Robert was walking near a bookshop while some young men were talking about the writers. He heard the publishing house pays the writers a lot. He became interested in it. As soon as he got home, he began to write. But he couldn't write anything. At last he bought a book and copied a story. Then he posted it to the publishing house. He waited for nearly half a year, but didn't get any answers. He had to ask an editor on the telephone, "Have you read my story yet, sir?"
"Yes," said the editor, "I had read it before you were born! "
The question is: The editor didn't answer Robert because   _   .
The possible answers are:
A:they were very busy
B:the story wasn't interesting
C:the story was taken from a book
D:the young man wasn't famous enoughMuch of the information we have today about chimpanzees comes from the research of Jane Goodall.
From an early age, Jane was interested in animals and animal stories. At the age of 10, she was talking about going to Africa to live among the animals there. At that time, in the early 1940s, _ was a radical idea because women did not go to Africa by themselves.
As a young woman, Jane finished school in London and then worked for filmmaker for a while. When a school friend invited her to visit Kenya, she worked as a waitress until she had earned the fare to travel there by boat. She was 23 years old at that time.
Once in Kenya, she met Dr. Louis Leakey, a famous paleontologist . He was impressed with her knowledge of Africa and its wildlife and hired her to help him and his wife on a fossil-hunting tour. Dr. Leakey soon realized that Jane was the perfect person to complete a study he had been planning for some time. she expressed her interest in the idea of studying animals by living in the wild with them, rather than studying dead animals like fossils .
The question is: Jane worked as a waitress so that  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:she could attend school in London
B:she could work for a filmmaker
C:she could have the money to go to Kenya
D:she could buy a boat for herselfDear Mary,
I am not happy these days. I am new in this class, you know, but I don' t have any friends here. I always have to keep quiet and put my heart into my study. I thought things would be fine.
It's very hard for me to be happy and sometimes I get lost in thought. So I can't follow the teacher. I know it is not right like this, but I can't control myself in class. Then my study is bad now. Some students make fun of me. I feel hurt , but I don't show my anger. In fact, I have to hide  my unhappiness. I feel terrible.
Dear Mary, I really don't know what to do now, Can you help me?
Yours,
Jane
,A, B, C, D,, .
The question is: What does Jane do when her classmates make fun of her?
The possible answers are:
A:She tells her teacher about it.
B:She fights with them.
C:She feels hurt.
D:She hides her unhappiness.Mrs. Clark moved to the small village when she was twenty-four. And she has lived there for thirty-nine years. She has a poor farm. She works hard on it, but she is often hungry. Her son Henry joined the army  eight years ago and then found a job at a post office in London after he left the army.
One day, he wrote to his poor mother and asked her to go to the capital. The old woman was very happy when she received the letter. The next morning she started. Because it was the first time, her daughter took her to a small station and bought a ticket for her. A train came and she hurried to get on. Before long, a conductor came up to her and said, 'Ticket, please.' The old woman showed her ticket to the conductor. The man looked at it and said, 'You must take a train to London. But it is a train to Manchester. I am afraid you've taken a wrong train.' 'Is it possible?' Mrs. Clark said angrily, 'I am sure it's your driver's fault  .
The question is: The old woman took a wrong train because   _
The possible answers are:
A:she had never taken a train before.
B:her daughter took her to a wrong train.
C:she never visited Manchester and she wanted to go there.
D:the driver is silly   and it was his fault.Not long ago, I asked large mid-aged persons a question. I asked, "How many of you had a hobby when you were children?" Nearly everyone raised a hand. I then asked them to keep their hands in the air if they knew at least one of their children had a hobby. Most of the hands went down. I felt sad. It's terrible if the children don't have a hobby. How I wish all the parents can care their children's hobbies!
Thirty years ago, almost every child in my neighborhood had some kinds of hobbies. Collecting and trading baseball cards was a popular hobby. Others, like coin collecting and stamp collecting, are also popular. One of my friends was collecting photos, another was collecting radios. In fact, hobbies can benefit children in several ways. _ are expressions of personal success and self-discovery . Hobbies also help build self- respect . Hobbies are educational tools, as well. For example, a child who becomes interested in rocketry   --one of the most popular hobbies, can explore those skills in many ways. By working on hobbies, children learn to set goals, make decisions, and solve all sorts of problems.
,.
The question is: What's the age the persons I questioned?
The possible answers are:
A:3--10.
B:15--25.
C:30--40.
D:50--60.What sport do you like best?
Daniel: I like basketball best. I often watch NBA. I play basketball every day. I am short, but I am strong. I am a good basketball player in our school.
Lucy: Ping-ping is my favourite sport. I am a Chinese and Chinese ping-pong players are the best in the world. I want to be a good ping-pong player too. I often play it every afternoon.
Tom: I am tall and strong. I like football best. My father is a football player. I often watch my father play football. My father often teaches me to play football. I play with my father and others in the park every day.
The question is: When does Lucy often play ping-pong?
The possible answers are:
A:Every morning.
B:Every afternoon.
C:Every evening.
D:At the weekend.In junior high school in America, kids study English, writing, math, physics, biology, music and art.
At 12 o'clock, the students eat lunch at school. They have meat, vegetables, fruit, bread and a drink, but they like hot dogs and hamburgers best. American kids like sugar, and after the meal they can have a small piece of cake.
Students sleep for a short time after lunch. They begin classes at 1:30 in the afternoon. They go to school on weekdays and have classes for six hours every day and then return home.
Parents let their kids play or watch TV until dinner at 6:00 p. m. After dinner, they do their homework. Sometimes kids and their parents have a family activity after dinner.
The question is: Which of the following is NOT true?
The possible answers are:
A:American students like hot dogs and hamburgers best.
B:After lunch students sleep for a short time.
C:The classes begin at 2:00 p. m.
D:Sometimes students have a family activity with their parents.One day, I saw Harry sitting under a tree. He looked very sad. So I asked him what was wrong.
"Nothing," He said, "I'm too short to join the school basketball team." "And our P.E .teacher thinks I've little hope to be in the team in half a year," he added.
"Why not join another team?" I asked.
"But my dream is to be an excellent basketball player in the future," he said.
He told me his father wanted him to change his idea to join the school ping-pong team.
"Good idea." I agreed. "You're sure to be popular, because you have a smart head."
The next day, he joined the school ping-pong team. He worked harder than any other boy. Soon he was very popular in the team and looked happy every day.
At the end of last month, his team took part in the city's high school ping-pong match. He and his team beat the others and won the championship.
Sometimes your dream may not come true. Then make a small change, and it will bring you another success.
,,.
The question is: Which of the following is NOT true?
The possible answers are:
A:Ping-pong made Harry happy.
B:Ping-pong is easier than basketball.
C:Harry is a high school student.
D:Harry and his team won the match.Tony and Anna are brother and sister. They are Americans. Tony likes sports very much. He can play soccer, basketball and volleyball. Anna likes music very much. She can't play ball games. But they both like playing on computers. They like eggs, bread and milk for breakfast. For lunch, Anna likes eating vegetables and fruit, but Tony likes chicken and fish. They both like hamburgers. But they don't like ice cream or dessert.
The question is: Tony and Anna both like   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:vegetables
B:soccer
C:fish
D:playing on computersMany teenagers feel that the most important people in their life are their friends. They believe that their family don't know them as well as their friends do. In large families ,it is quite often for brothers and sisters to fight ,and then they can only go to their friends for some ideas.
It's very important for teenagers to have one good friend or a group of friends. Even when they are not with their friends, they usually spend much time on the phone. This communication   is very important in children's growing up, because friends can be the right one to talk about something with .These things are difficult to say to the family.
However, parents often try to choose their children's friends for them. Some parents even ask their children not to meet their good friends.
The question is: When teenagers have something difficult to say to their parents, they usually  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:stay alone at home
B:fight with their parents
C:talk to their friends
D:go to their brothers and sisters for help"Basketball is not only for young people," my grandpa often says.
Grandpa is a retired   teacher. He likes basketball. He isn't tall or strong. And he can not run fast. But he is a member of a basketball team.
"I play for 15 minutes in every game," says Grandpa. "I can score 10 points   for my team." He is right. He is really good at basketball. I learn a lot from him.
Grandpa plays basketball with his friends. They play for about an hour every time. Sometimes their team comes to our school. And they play with our school team. Then the young students and the old people can have fun together.
"What is sport? Sport is a game to make people healthy and happy," Grandpa tells me.
The question is: Grandpa plays basketball for  _  in every game.
The possible answers are:
A:fifteen minutes
B:about an hour
C:ten minutes
D:two hoursRecently,CCTV reporter have asked a simple question, "Are you happy?"
The question has caught many interviewees off guard. Even Mo Yan, who recently won a Nobel Prize, answered by saying "I don't know."
We should ask "What exactly is happiness? And how do you measure  it?". Last year, China's Premier Wen Jiabao told the nation, "Everything we do is aimed at letting people live more happily." At last year's National People's Congress , officials agreed that increasing happiness would be a top target  for the 12thfive-year plan.
Many argue that happiness is _ . It also means different things to different people. For some, happiness can be as simple as having enough money to buy a new bicycle; for others, it's about socializing  or finding the perfect spouse .
Chen Shangyuan, 21, a college student, said his idea of happiness always evolves . "At present it relates to how productive I am in a day", he said. "It might be linked to  job security   or leisure  time after I graduate."
The question is: What's the top target for the 12thfive-year plan?
The possible answers are:
A:Economic
B:Peace
C:Culture
D:Increasing happinessThese amazing animals prove that love lives on four legs.
A little girl's lifeline
Three-year-old Alida Knobloch and her 27kg golden dog, Mr. Gibbs, are almost together all the time There is a special love between them. Alida, who suffered from serious lung disease   when she was 10 months old, is unable to breathe on her own for about 45 minutes. So Mr. Gibbs has been with her everywhere, carrying 4.5kg of oxygen tanks   for her .
A pig that calms kids
When Lois Brady, a famous doctor in America, visits special-needs students in San Francisco schools, she often brings along Buttercup, a black pig from Vietnam. The pig is very calm and friendly and has been trained to offer comfort   to patients as well.
A Lion's big heart
With paws   the size of dinner plates, bright black eyes and a golden mane  , Jupiter, a 13-year-old 250kg lion, was brought to the rescue   center by Anna. In the past two years, Anna has developed a very close relationship with Jupiter.
The question is: Which of the sentences is Not true according to the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:Alida has suffered from serious lung disease since she was 10 months old
B:The black pig can calm the kids and offer comfort to them.
C:Mr. Gibbs is a loyal  dog which loves its owner.
D:Anna brought Jupiter to the rescue center for fun.Kate White has a big family. There are   nine people. Her grandfather's name is James White. He is a doctor. Her grandmother's name is Alice White. She is a housewife . They have a son and a daughter. Her father's name is Thomas White and he is an actor. Her mother's name is Jenny White and she is a nurse. Kate is 13 years old and she is a junior high school student. She has a little brother, Jimmy. Jimmy is three. Charles in her uncle, and Casey is her aunt. They are teachers. They have a baby. His name is Tommy. Kate likes her family very much.
,.
The question is: What's Kate's family name?
The possible answers are:
A:Green.
B:White.
C:Black.
D:Smith.The world is not hungry, but it is thirsty. It seems strange that nearly 3/4 of the earth is covered with water while we say we are short of   water. Why? Because about 97% of water on the earth is sea water which we can't drink or use for watering plants directly. Man can only drink and use the 3%--- the water that comes from rivers and lakes. And we can't even use all of that, because some of it has been polluted.
Now more water is needed. The problem is: Can we avoid a serious water shortage   later on?
First we should all learn how to save water. Secondly, we should find out the ways to _ it. Scientists have always been making studies in the field. Today, in most large cities water is used only once and then runs to the sea or rivers. But it can be used again. Even if every large city reused its water, still there would not be enough. What could people turn to next?
The sea seems to have the best answer. There is a lot of water in the sea. All that needs to be done is to get the salt out of the sea water. This is expensive, but it's already used in many parts of the world. Scientists are trying to find a cheaper way of doing it. So you see, if we can find a way out, we'll be in no danger of drying up.
,,.
The question is: From the passage we learn   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:if every city reused its water, we'll be in no danger of drying up
B:man can only drink and use about 25% of water on the earth
C:today in most large cities water is used only once
D:water can be used only onceDo you like listening to music? Does all of the music bring happiness to you? Do you know some music is noise? What is noise? Noise is a loud or unwanted sound. It is also called noise pollution.
Where is noise from? Noise can be caused by many kinds of machines, such as motorcycles, planes, farm tractors and TVs. And, to some people, rock bands are also noise.
What happens to people who live near noisy machines or use them over a period of time? Doctors find that noise pollution can influence both our health and behavior. It can cause high stress levels, hearing loss, sleep problems, and other harmful effects.
Scientists use a unit  of measure  called a decibel to measure the loudness of a sound. The sound of a quiet room, for example, measures 35 decibels. Talk measures between 40 to 65 decibels. Sounds from traffic and from some rock bands can measure over 120 decibels. Noise at this high level causes the greatest hearing loss.
How do we reduce noise damage? Turn down your music player or wear ear muffs  when you are working in a noisy environment. Ear muffs for human can protect against noise pollution.
The question is: According to the passage, loud noises can .
The possible answers are:
A:stop machines
B:cause a loss of hearing
C:improve people's hearing
D:help people to sleep betterBrush your teeth every day, dentists say. In the south of Africa, some people brush their teeth all day long.
They keep a small stick in their mouth to chew or scrub   their teeth all day. People cut the sticks from trees. They are the African toothbrushes. People there are used to brushing their teeth with sticks.
Africans think the sticks work better than toothbrushes. The sticks come from nature, and it is said that there is something special about them. The special thing may stop many kinds of tooth problems. "If you have a bad tooth, it is a medicine," said Diop, a seller in Africa.
The sticks are also much cheaper than toothbrushes.
In Senegal  ,the chewing stick is called "sothio". It means "to clean" in their language. In east Africa,the stick is called "mswaki". It's their word for "toothbrush".
Even the dentists agree that the sticks seem to clean teeth better. Nowadays, some nice health stores in the United States start to sell chewing sticks. They think that the stick is natural kind of tooth care.
The question is: Which of the following is NOT true according to the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:The sticks with something special in it may stop many tooth problems.
B:The sticks, which come from nature, are much cheaper than toothbrushes.
C:The chewing stick, which is called "sothio", means "to clean"in east Africa.
D:People can buy chewing sticks in the nice health stores in the US.The Mid-Autumn Festival is coming. Let's see what my friends are going to do during the three-day holiday.
Peter: I'm going to visit my uncle and aunt with my parents during the three days. They live in the countryside. It is far from our city, Beijing. We're going to take the train there. I am going fishing there with my cousin.
Eliza: I'm going to visit my grandparents with my parents on the first day. They live in a small town. It is going to take us one hour to get there by car. On the second day, I'm going to have a party with my friends. On the third day, I have to do my homework and study for a math test.
Gina: My cousin is visiting us. He lives in Tianjin. He is coming by bus. On the first day, I'm going to play ping-pong with him. On the second day, I'm going to take him to Eliza's party. On the third day, my cousin is going back and I am going to do some shopping with my parents.
The question is: From the passage, we can know that   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:Peter doesn't like fishing
B:Eliza is going to have a test
C:Gina likes all kinds of sports
D:all three of them have no homework during the three daysBeijing is the place to go
.....................................................
Best Beijing of 5 days
From Y=799
2 nights Beijing Hotel
&
2 nights Changcheng Hotel
Book online or call 0541-7666888
www.yangzhoutour.com
.....................................................
Beijing Hotel:
Close to Tian'anmen Square
Prize-winning garden Bars & French restaurants
Swimming pool
Changcheng Hotel:
Gardens with mountain views
Restaurants & Cafes
Night club
Buses to the downtown
.....................................................
Departure Date Price
Jun.8    Y=899
Jul.29    Y=999
Aug.30   Y=799
Sept.30   Y=1299
To book, choose your
Preferred departure date
Business Hours
Weekdays: 24 hours
Weekends: 8:00 am ----6:00 pm
The question is: According to the ad, which of the following is TRUE?
The possible answers are:
A:This ad is given by a Beijing travel company.
B:We can save Y=500 leaving in late August instead of late September.
C:Changcheng Hotel is in the center of Beijing.
D:We can stay in Beijing for four days and five nights.On Christmas Eve--the night before Christmas, children are very happy. They put their stockings at the end of their beds before they go to bed. They want Santa Claus to give them some presents.
Mr. Green tells his children that Santa Claus is a very kind man. He comes on Christmas Eve. He lands on   the top of each house and comes down the chimney   into the fireplace   and brings them a lot of presents.
Christmas Day always begins before breakfast. The children wake up very early. They can't wait   to open the presents in their stockings. Then they wake up their parents and shout "Merry Christmas!"
Do you know what Christmas means? Christmas Day is the birthday of Jesus Christ. When Christ was born, many people gave him presents. So today, people still do the same thing to each other.
The question is: On the morning of Christmas Day, children say "  _   " to their parents.
The possible answers are:
A:Good morning!
B:Thank you!
C:Good luck!
D:Merry Christmas!This is not a diet. It's a simple way to lose weight~ And you don' t even have to give up the food you love or join a gym. You just follow some habits that thin people have. Keep them, and you'll become thin.
( 1 ) Wake - up
When you wake up in the morning, sit up slowly without using your hands. With legs straight out, bend( ) forward until you feel sore in your back. It will burn about 10 calories (,).
(2) Start with soup
When you have a meal, order a clear soup, and have it before having the main food. In this way, you'll feel fuller, so you'll eat less when the main food comes.
(3) An apple (or more) a day
Apples are full of fiber  and water, so your stomach will want less. The study shows that people who eat at least three, apples a day lose weight.
(4) Stand up and walk around
Every time you use the mobile phone, stand up and walk around.  Heavy people sit on average  two and a half hours more each day than thin people. This skill is very important as standing up and walking around will burn 50 or more calories.
Use these skills, and you will have a big weight loss.
,A, B, C, D,. (5,2,10)
The question is: Which of the following may the author disagree?
The possible answers are:
A:Sitting up slowly without using your hands helps burn calories.
B:Eating apples every day is good for people's health.
C:You have to join a gym if you want to lose weight.
D:It' s good to walk around while talking on the mobile phone.Are you looking for something fun and would you like to help other people in your free time? Then join us.
We have jobs for people of all ages;Anyone from twelve-year-old children to 80-year-old people can become one of us.
You can help people in many ways.Schools need help with taking care of children while their parents are working.Hospitals need us to look after children while their parents see a doctor.Animal lovers can help take care of thosedogs and cats without homes.There is something to do for everyone.
"As a member of this group,I don't want to get anything.Seeing the children's happy faces,I am happy,too."said Susan,an old woman of 62.
"I often played computer games in my free time before.Now I help older people learn how to use Computers,"said another one at the age of 18.
If everyone helps out a bit,we'1l all have a better world to live in.
Interested? Call us on 3847613 or visit our website :http://www. activol.com.
The question is: What kind of people can become a member of that group?
The possible answers are:
A:People from 12 to 18.
B:All young people.
C:People from 12 to 80.
D:People from twenty to eighty.The train I was traveling on was already half an hour late. I had to arrive in Vienna at 7:15 to catch it. He advised me to get off two stops before Vienna station and take a taxi. When the time came, the conductor even helped me with my bags. He wished me good luck as I jumped off. And a few minutes later, I was racing towards the centre of the city in a taxi. It was almost 7:25 when we stopped outside the station. I paid the driver quickly, took hold of my bags quickly and hurried inside. "Pairs train" was all I had time to say to the official I saw. You can guess how I feel when he pointed to a man that the train was just moving out of the station.
The question is: How did the writer feel at Vienna station?
The possible answers are:
A:He felt lonely.
B:He felt angry.
C:He felt surprised.
D:He felt sad.One morning, Mr. Smith came into the garden at the back of his house. He saw so much snow in the garden. Mr. Smith wanted to take his car out, so he asked a man to clean the road from his garage   to the gate. He said to the man, "Don't throw any snow on the side. It will damage  the flowers in my garden, and don't throw any on the other side, because it will damage the wall. And don't throw any into the street, because the policeman will come." Then he went out.
When he came back, the road was clean. There was no snow on the flowers, or the wall or the street. But when he opened the garage to get his car out, he saw: the garage was full of snow, the snow from the road, and his car was under the snow.
The question is: In the morning Mr. Smith found   _   was full of snow.
The possible answers are:
A:his garden
B:his garage
C:his house
D:his carOnce upon a time, there lived a rich man. He had a servant  . He and the servant loved wine and good food very much. Each time the rich man left his home, the servant would drink the wine and eat up all the nice food in the house. The rich man knew what his servant did, but he had never caught his servant doing that.
One morning, when he left home, he said to the servant, "Here are two bottles of poison   and some nice food in the house. You must take good care of them." With these words, he went out.
But the servant knew that the rich man had said was untrue. After the rich man was away from his home, he enjoyed a nice meal. Because he drank too much, he was drunk and fell to the ground. When the rich man came back, he couldn't find his food and his wine. He became very angry. He woke the servant up. But the servant told his story very well. He said a cat had eaten up everything. He was afraid to be punished , so he drank the poison to kill himself.
The question is: From the story, we know that the servant is very   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:lazy
B:bad
C:clever
D:kindOne day a famous teacher was walking with his student. On the way, they saw a lake. They stopped and the teacher told the student, "I'm thirsty. Get me some water from that lake."
Just when the student reached the lake, a cow was walking in the lake. So the water became very dirty. He thought "I can't give the dirty water to my teacher!"
He came back and told the teacher, "The water is very dirty. We can't drink it." After about half an hour, the teacher asked the student to get some water again. So he went back to the lake.
But the lake was still dirty. So he told the teacher the same thing. After some time, the teacher asked him to go back again. But this time, he found the water was clear. The mud in the water came to the bottom. So he got some water.
The teacher looked at the water and said to him, "You did nothing to make the water clear. You just let it be. Your mind is also like that! When it is bothered , just let it be. Give it some time."
The question is: From the passage we know that  _
The possible answers are:
A:the teacher taught his student something useful
B:the teacher wanted his student to work hard
C:the student knew how to make the water clear
D:the student was very lazyTrains have long been an important form of transportation. Yet they have changed a lot since 1804, when the first train moved at 8 km/hr. Today's high speed trains can go 300 km/hr or faster. Besides their speed, they have many advantages over other transportation types.
Japan built the world's first high speed railway. In 1964, Japan's "Shinkansen" trains started traveling between Osaka and Tokyo at 200 km/hr. Over time, more lines, as well as faster trains, were built.
Korea, England, and the USA, now have their own high speed systems. Taiwan Province's started running in 2007. Its trains are based on two types of Shinkansen trains. They can carry 989 people and travel from Taipei to Kaohsiung in less than two hours.
These systems are expensive to build, but they have many advantages. For example, they are good for the environment. Trains on the London to Paris line create 1/10 the pollution that planes create. High speed trains are also safer and cleaner than cars.
Super fast trains can even help a country's economy . They make it easier to travel to faraway places. That helps businesses and land values in those areas. It's no wonder so many countries are building their own high speed railways.
The question is: In Taiwan Province, the high speed trains are based on trains from   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:Japan
B:Korea
C:China
D:the USAMark Twain's First Money
Mark Twain was asked one day if he could remember the first money he ever earned.
He thought a long time and then said , "Yes, it was at school.I can remember everything about it .School boys in those days did not take good care of their chairs and desks.There was a rule in our school that if anyone damaged his desk or chair, he would have to pay five dollars or  the teacher would beat him in front of the whole school."
"One day I damaged my desk in some way, I had to pay five dollars or be beaten before the whole school.My father said it would be too bad to have our family disgraced in front of the whole school.He agreed to give me five dollars to hand over the teacher.But before he gave me the money, he took me upstairs and gave me a beating."
"But as I had one beating and I decided I would take another beating at school and keep the  five dollars.So that's what I did.That was the first money I ever earned."
The question is: The school made the rule so that they could  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:teach the students well
B:give the students a beating
C:keep the desks and chairs well
D:ask the students for more moneyThis is Linda's room. It's a nice room. It's very clean . I can see a brown bed. A photo of a boy is on the wall . Can you see a brown desk? Yes, it's in the room, on the left . A green chair is on the floor. Some books and blue pens are on the desk. Linda's lamp  is on the desk, too. It's a pink lamp.
Where is Linda? Is she in the room? No, she isn't. She is at school.
The question is: Linda's  _  is (are) NOT in the room.
The possible answers are:
A:schoolbag
B:bed and desk
C:books and a chair
D:pens and lampMy name is Cathy. I'm English, but I'm in shandong with my family now. Look! This is a photo of my family. This is my father. He is a manager of a theatre. He likes running. My mother is a nurse. She likes listening to music. The boy is my brother, Sam. His favourite sport is basketball. Who is the girl next to him? It's me. I like table tennis very much.
The question is: What's Cathy's father's job?
The possible answers are:
A:An actor.
B:A manager.
C:A teacher.
D:A driver.Is this your pen?Call Lydia at 224-3638.
Lost:
My computer game.My name is David.Call 44-2697.
Mitchell,
Is that your backpack in the lost and found case?
Liza
Found:ID card.Is this your ID card? Call Ely at 52993.
The question is: Which of the following is true?
The possible answers are:
A:Lydia lost a pen.
B:Liza found a backpack .
C:Ely lost an ID card.
D:Liza lost a backpack.Oil is so important that it is sometimes called "black gold". Almost half of our energy comes from oil. We use it to run our cars and factories and to heat our homes, offices and schools. Many everyday things are made from oil. Your shirt may have oil in the material. The soap you wash your hands with might also be made from oil. Your favorite plastic toy is made from oil.
Oil is hard to find, because it is trapped deep under the earth. Once the only way people knew there was oil someplace if it leaked out of the ground. Today, however, we have many ways of finding oil. One tool measures the pull of gravity. Places where gravity is weaker are more likely to have oil. Another tool is sound waves . Sound waves travel through different kinds of rocks at different speeds. We can use them to find the rocks that have oil in them.
We need a lot of oil, and we are using up the oil wells we know about. Soon we must find new ways of looking for this "black gold".
The question is: Which of the following does the passage lead you to believe?
The possible answers are:
A:Oil was firstly found by measuring gravity.
B:Many things are made from oil.
C:We will never run out of oil.
D:Our lives would not be different if we didn't have oil.In 1955, Walt Disney himself opened the first Disney Park in Los Angeles, the USA. Later Disney World was opened in Florida in 1971. It cost between $500 and $600 million to build. Tokyo Disney Park opened in Japan in 1983, and Europe Disney opened in France in 1992.
Now Hong Kong is going to build a Disney Park and it will be open in 2005.
More than 80% of Hong Kong's population would like to visit the Disney Park when it is opened. But about half of them thought the adult admission fee  , of between HK $250 to HK $300 (US $32 to US $38), was too high. The children's admission fee is not known yet. But children may not mind paying any entrance fee. "If I start saving money now, I'll have enough money to pay the entrance fee in five years' time." Said Chan Posang, a 12-year-old girl. " I can't take my son to the Disney Park in the USA." Said Mrs Yu, mother of a small boy, "That's why I agree with the government's plan to build one here. There I'll be able to take my son there. The admission fee of several hundred dollars is nothing compared with (......)the price of an air ticket to the USA."
The question is: How many Disney Parks will there be in Asia by the year 2005?
The possible answers are:
A:1.
B:2.
C:3.
D:4You probably know you should say "please" and "thank you" at restaurants. You probably know the rules of a library. You know you should respect and be nice to your classmates. But do you have music manners?
Keep It Down! You have to notice the _ of your music. You should not play your music so loud that everyone around you can hear it. Some people might even get angry. Usually, when you play the music loud on an MP3 player, other people can't hear the words of the song. They just hear a loud sound. No one wants to listen to this. Very loud music can also be bad for your ears. So even if you are alone when listening to our MP3 players, you shouldn't turn it up too high.
Take Them Off! You need to know when to turn your MP3 off and put it away. Libraries, and schools don't allow MP3 players. There are other places, like museums, that don't have rules, but it would be rude to have your MP3 player on. Sometimes, it doesn't make sense to listen on your MP3 player at event. Why would you listen to music at a play, a movie or a sporting event? You would miss what is going on and others would wonder why you even came.
Take One Out! Once in a while it's okay just to take out one earphone and not the other. Imagine you are listening on your MP3 player when someone asks you the way. It would not be rude to take out one earphone, tell him the way, and put back the earphone and continue listening. You can also do this when you order food at a fast-food restaurant or when you answer the telephone and it's not for you.
The question is: It's all right to use our MP3 player in   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:school
B:libraries
C:restaurants
D:museumsPeople enjoy taking trips. But what are the reasons they leave home? One reason is for education. People travel because they want to learn more about other people and other places. They are curious about other cultures. When people are tourists, they get a quick look at different ways of living. Even a short look at another kind of lifestyle is an important lesson. On a trip, a person can learn directly by visiting museums and historic spots. What does a tourist learn who sees the art museums, visits the historical palaces and other scenic spots in Paris and shops along the River Seine? He gets a vivid picture, a real life of one of the French people. He learns about their attitudes , how they feel about business, beauty and history.
What about the tourist who goes to Hong Kong? Does he get the same information that he could get from a book? He might read that Hong Kong is crowded, that there is less than 200 square meters of space for each person. But seeing and feeling the lack of space will impress him much more. He might read that there are nearly 200 vehicles for every kilometer of roadway. But the sight of so many vehicles parked along the roadside would be a much more vivid lesson. The tourist to Hong Kong will never forget the contrasts(,): the straight vertical lines of tall modern buildings and the moving lines of boats that people live in.
The question is: What impression will a tourist get of Hong Kong?
The possible answers are:
A:It has many big and beautiful parks.
B:It is very crowded.
C:It has many historical spots.
D:It is an important industrial center.Some school officials   want to change class time from 8:00 a. m. to 9:00 a. m. What do  you think ? Here  are some students' ideas.
Jill : I think it's a good idea ! I usually get up at 6:10 and it's difficult for me . At night I have to do lots of homework and I like to watch TV . I go to bed at about 10:00 p. m. I  usually can't catch the bus at 7:30 in the morning . I am often late for school
Sally : I don't think it's a good idea . I always get up at 5:30 in the morning . it's the best time of the day . First I do some morning exercises . Then I read and have breakfast . So I will be happy if class begins at 8:00
Bill: I  get up at 6:30 . I always go to school without breakfast . A morning class is not good for me . I hope I can go to school after 8:30.
,
The question is: From the passage we know the students always have the class   _  in the morning.
The possible answers are:
A:at. 8:00
B:at7:30
C:8:30
D:6:30Mr. Clark worked in a newspaper, and he did a lot of important and difficult work, but then he began to forget things, and this made his work very difficult. One day he said to himself, "I'm going to go and see Dr. Martin about this."
He waited in the doctor's waiting room with the other patients, and then the nurse said to him, "You can go in and see Dr. Martin now".
"Oh, doctor," said Mr. Clark, 'it's terrible, I can't remember anything for longer than half a minute, and it's making my work very difficult. What can I do? Can you help me?"
The doctor said, "When did this start, Mr. Clark?"
"When did what start?" Mr. Clark said.
The question is: _   go to see Dr. Martin.
The possible answers are:
A:Mr. Clark himself decided to
B:Mr. Clark's friend advised him to
C:The nurse asked Mr. Clark to
D:The other patient told Mr. Clark toDo your parents ever say, "act like a lady" or "be a gentleman" to you? But in the eyes of today's teenagers , what should a lady or a gentleman be like? Let's take a look.
What is a gentleman? The girls have their ideas:
Huang Xiaoyu of Guizhou: A gentleman doesn't always get angry . He wants others to be well and happy. He is always ready to help. There is a boy in my class and I think he is a gentleman. If I don't do well in the English exam, he will say, "You will do better next time." That makes me feel happy.
Chen Tingting of Shenzhen: A gentleman always says, "Ladies first" When students clean up the classroom, he does the heavy work. He lets girls go into rooms first. There are no gentlemen in my class. When there is something to eat, the boys in my class always get them before girls!
What is a lady? Boys tell us what they think a lady is:
Wu Yifan of Dalian: A lady is quiet and kind, but she's not shy  and she can talk about her ideas in front of others. To me, Dong Jie, a film star, is a lady. She is pretty and kind. She does a lot for others.
Wang Lichao of Tianjin: A lady is not just beautiful but clever. She never says bad words. She is quiet and kind to others. I don't think there is a lady in my class. Most of the girls are "
", I think.
The question is: Which of the following is TRUE according to this passage?
The possible answers are:
A:Wang Lichao thinks pretty-looking is enough for a lady.
B:Huang Xiaoyu thinks there is a gentleman in her class.
C:Chen Tingting thinks there is a gentleman in her class.
D:Wu Yufan thinks a lady can't talk about her ideas in front of others.The weekend is usually a period of time for resting. But today's Chinese students can hardly rest during the weekend.
According to a survey, 25%of the Grade 8 students in Beijing have classes on the weekend. Over 38% of the middle school students have less than eight hours' sleep, because of the hard study. Nan Weitong is a Grade7 student in Hubei. The girl has to get up at 6:30 am on Saturday. Then she has a whole day of classes. On Sunday, she has classes for math and English. She says her classmates all work very hard.
However, some students are much luckier. They don't have to go to school on weekends. Zhang Qian, a Grade 9 student from Jinan, is one of them. On the weekend, she usually gets up at 8:00am. Then she spends some time on her homework. After that, she goes shopping or watches TV. Zhang Qian said her mother once wanted her to try extra classes. "But my teacher said it was unnecessary. Learning well at school is enough," Zhang Qian said, "I feel pretty lucky."
The question is: There are   _   of the Grade 8 students in Beijing have classes on the weekend.
The possible answers are:
A:25%
B:38%
C:50%
D:75%Nowadays many young people want to make money by making video games. Creating a good game often needs a lot of game developers. The graphic   designers, the programmers, writing and music are all important to the final product.
With the development of the Internet, _ games become more and more popular. In the past, if people wanted to play games together, they had to be in the same place. But now people in different cities, countries or even living on opposite sides of the world can play computer games together.
Some people think video games are good. Playing games makes them very happy. Others think video games are bad. Some children spend a lot of time playing games, so they have little time to do sports. Playing games may cause the overexposure to violence.
The question is: Nowadays, many people want to make money by   _   video games.
The possible answers are:
A:making
B:playing
C:selling
D:advertisingThere has never been a better time than now to buy a new piece of technology,  such as a computer. Technology usually starts out at a high price, but as time goes by it goes down in price. Now I've found that many new products are at good prices from the st art.There is no question about it This is a buyers' market for sure.!
Also, as shopping on the Internet gets saf er , more people are trying to buy things in that way.The Net is where buyers can save money if they know of a few money-saving sites. The first things that a person should do is to compare the prices online stores.Sites such as pricesgrabber.com, techbargains.com, nextag.com and street prices.com will help you decide which store has the lowest price.The differences can be $500-$1000.
Remember that many stores also have large discounts   on many things at certain times of the year. But I'd rather sit in front of my computer in my comfortable chair of going shopping in crowded places
The question is: Why does the writer prefer to shop online?   Because  _
The possible answers are:
A:he can save time and relaxed
B:he doesn't like shopping by himself
C:shops are too far
D:the prices online are lowerThere are four people in Jim 's family. They are Kate, Jim, their father and mother. Jim is Kate's brother. He is fourteen. Kate is Jim's sister. She is twelve. They are in the same middle school. Jim is in Class One, Grade Three. Kate is in Class Two, Grade One.
They are good students.
Their father Mr. Green is a teacher. He is thirty-nine. He teaches English in a school near his home. Their mother is a teacher, too. But she teaches Chinese in a different school.
Now they are all at home.
The question is: How many people are there in Jim's family?
The possible answers are:
A:3
B:4
C:5
D:2Now, there is a new-type school in New York, which has no everyday lessons, no class teachers and even no school buildings. It is called "City-as-School". The name just means the city itself is the place where students learn their lessons. They are from the age of 15 to 18. The students choose areas of work which interest them. Then they help to do that work. One girl spends her week in a government office helping the public with problems like housing. Then she goes to help in a theatre for a day and she spends a week for first-year courses at college.
Well, students have to pass Maths and science exams before they enter the "school". These subjects are not easy to provide in"City-as-School". Teachers watch the progress of the students. The success rate   is high. 80% of the students go to college after the "City-as-School".
The students like the duty of their work. They have the sense of purpose. They know a lot about different kinds of work in the city. One of the students, Lizette Martinez, writes " I want to say that I do not know where I would be right now if I had never become part of City-as-School. Leaving my regular high school and going to City-as-School was the best decision I have ever made. The way the school works to get you to go out there and learn different fields instead of sitting in a classroom is wonderful. For all those who are in between school and dropping out, go to CAS and it will change your life forever."
City-as-School High School is the nation's leading   external   learning or experiential   learning model for high school students.
The question is: What is the best title for the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:A New City
B:A New School
C:A New-type School
D:A Girl in New YorkTom has got a big family .His grandparents are in America.His parents are in China . His father is a manager and  his mother is a teacher .They have got two children . Tom is a boy and Jane is a
girl . Tom is thirteen and Jane is eight . Jane and I are good friends and we are in the same class .
The question is: How many people are there in this family ?
The possible answers are:
A:4.
B:5.
C:6.
D:7.My friend, Victor, is a zoo keeper in the National Zoo. His work is very interesting but it is hard. Sometimes it is dangerous, too. Every morning the zoo keepers have to get up at five to prepare the food for the animals. Each kind of animal is given special food. For example, the lions must be given meat; the deer must be given grass and leaves; and the parrots must be given fruit and nuts. Sometimes some animals won't let the others eat their food. If this happens,  each of them must be fed separately  .
Every morning each cage must be washed by the zoo keepers. This can be dangerous, especially with lions and tigers. To make the work easier, the animals are locked in the sleeping compartments   while the cages are being washed. When the animals are sick, the zoo keepers must look after them. Each sick animal is kept in a separate cage and given medicine. Sometimes they must be given injections. It is not easy to inject a sick lion!
All the keepers live near the zoo. Each of them has a small house. There he lives with his family. They do not have holidays on Sundays and public holidays. Instead, each of them has a day off during the week. Each keeper has a holiday on a different day from that of the other keepers.
The most important job of the keepers is to look after the safety of the visitors. People must be prevented from doing dangerous things. Many people have been injured because they did careless things, like putting their hands into the lion's cage.
,.
The question is: When an animal is sick, it must be   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:taken out of the cage
B:put separately and taken good care of
C:given an injection
D:locked in a sleeping compartmentWhen you travel in Hong Kong,you must be careful of the traffic rules,because the traffic keeps to the left and it's different from that of the interior of China.Before crossing the street,you must look to the right and then to the left.If the traffic lights are red,the traffic must stop,people can go across the zebra line.If the traffic lights turn green,the traffic can go,and people mustn't cross the road.
In the morning and in the evening,when people go to or come from work,the streets are very busy.The traffic is the most dangerous.
When you go somewhere by bus in Hong Kong,you have to be careful,too.Always remember the traffic keeps to the left.Have a look first,or you may go the wrong way.In Hong Kong,there are a lot of big buses with two floors.You'd better sit on
the second floor.From there you can watch the city very well.How interesting!
The question is: When you cross the street,you must look to  _  first.
The possible answers are:
A:the front
B:the right
C:the left
D:B and CYou are going to high school , aren't you ? Maybe you don't know what to do . Here is a list of the top six things to do when you are in high school . These things will give you ideas of what  your high school life could be like . Here you go !
1Find your passion  and what kind of person you are : Whether it's dance ,basketball ,or drawing ,the important thing is that you have found something you are interested in .
2 Talk to people you wouldn't usually talk to : Meet new people ,find new friends and even talk to the people you don't like. It will show what a great person you are . You never know what will happen after high school.
3Take part in at least one contest: This will give you tears of laughter, happiness and memories .
4Get a job : This will help you see what it's like to have responsibility( ) . It can also help you make a little money to spend on yourself .
5Take a trip with your friends :It doesn't matter where you go or what you do , the memories will happen on the way and go on till the final place .
6Do your best at school : Don't ever get lazy . Working hard now will help you in the future.
The question is: The writer mainly tells you six things you should do  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:in your high school years
B:at the beginning of your high school years
C:before your high school begins
D:after you finish your high schoolYou will have a lot of reading to do in this grade this year. You can do more of it in less time if you learn to read rapidly. Perhaps you have been told about some habits which keep a person from reading fast and have been strongly asked to break those which you might have.
Do you still have any of these bad habits? Check yourself by answering "yes" or "no" to these questions.
(1)Do you move your lips  when reading silently?
(2)Do you point to words with your finger as you read?
(3)Do you move your head from side to side as you read?
(4)Do you read one word at a time?
If you answer "yes" to any of these questions, start at once to break the habit.If you move your lips, hold your fingers over them,or hold a piece of paper between your lips while you are reading. Then if your lips move, you will know it and can stop them.
If you point to words, hold the two sides of your book, one side with your left hand, the other side with your right hand. Then you won't have a free finger to use in pointing while reading. If you move your head, place your chin in one hand and hold your head still .
If you read no more than one or two three words at a time, you need to work very hard in learning to take in  more words at each glance  as your eyes travel across the lines of words.
Even if you do rather fast now, you can learn to read even faster.As you probably have been
told, the fast reading is to take in whole groups of words as each glance. Read in thought groups and force your eyes along the lines of words as fast as you can make them go. Anyone who practices doing these things will be able to read faster
The question is: You may hold your fingers over your lips while reading so as(   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:to tell others to be silent
B:to feel whether your lips move or not
C:to hold a piece of paper between them
D:to keep yourself from talking to othersDave Smith is 12. He has a sister .Her name is Jenny .She is 8.
Dave has a dictionary .It is blue .The dictionary is in his black backpack .He has a computer game and he likes it .Jenny has a watch .It is red .She likes it very much. She has a good pencil case ,too .It's white . Her pencil  ,ruler ,eraser and pen are in the pencil case. Her pencil case is in her yellow backpack.
The question is: What color is Dave's dictionary?
The possible answers are:
A:It's blue.
B:It's black.
C:It's red.
D:It's white.In this school, most students come from rich families and some of them have famous parents. People from Hollywood sometimes go to Beverly Hills High School to look for future actors.
School life
There are lots of good things about going to this school: There are two theatres, a television studio  and a radio station. The students make TV programmes and films in their drama  classes. The biggest activity of the school year is the school dance.
Travelling to school
In California, children can learn to drive three months before their sixteenth birthday. Lots of students in Beverly Hills High School have their own cars, but they have to pay a lot of money to park  their cars in the school parking area.
What the children think
Most children enjoy going to Beverly Hills High School because it is fun and there is much to do. But some children do not like the school if their parents don't have enough money to buy them a fast car or expensive clothes.
The question is: Why do most children enjoy going to Beverly Hills High School?
The possible answers are:
A:Because they will be actors in the school.
B:Because they will have a fast car and expensive clothes
C:Because they can make TV programmes and films in their drama classes.
D:Because it is fun and there is much to do in the school.One day, a young man visited a small farm in the countryside. As he got closer to the farm, he saw many chickens and an eagle   playing together.
He then went up to the farm house and talked to the farmer, "Sir, I was just passing by and I saw that you have many chickens and an eagle." The farmer smiled and said, "That's not an eagle. It's a chicken." The young man kept saying that it was an eagle. He said to the farmer, "Sir, that is an eagle! I can proveit to you." The farmer laughed, "Sure, go ahead."
The young man then pulled that big bird out and climbed a high mountain. He held the bird in his hands and said, "You are an eagle, fly!" But the bird failed. The young man tried the second time. He said to the bird, "I don't care you have been _ as a chicken for those years. But I know what you were created to be. You are an eagle, now fly!" After the young man tried another three times, the bird began to flap   its wings. Finally, it flew high and began to fly around the farm.
It is true to us. Some people around us have continued to keep us down by lying to us. Over all of those years, we were told to be a failure, not to be good enough and to accept the "reality". They are wrong. We should try our best to reach our highest potential   to prove that we are eagles.
The question is: What is the best title for the story?
The possible answers are:
A:You Are an Eagle
B:Chickens And an Eagle
C:How to Prove the Eagle
D:A Farmer And a Young ManKate, Jack and Sam are good friends. They are in the same school.Kate and Jack are classmates. But Sam is in a different grade-Grade Three. They often do sports or play games after school.
This evening Jack is going to Sam's birthday party and he is going to give him a new book for his birthday because he likes reading very much. Kate wants to go to the party, too. But she has to stay at home because her mother isn't feeling well. She asks Jack to take a present to Sam for his birthday. She wants to give Sam a different present, so she gives him a very mice new pen.
The question is: What does Sam like doing?
The possible answers are:
A:Swimming.
B:Dancing.
C:Reading.
D:Drawing.Mr. Brown is a teacher. He is from New York, America. He would like to work in China because he likes our country. He thinks Chinese people are very friendly and he likes to live in China. He is happy to work in our school. He likes the school life here. He teaches English. There are 50 students in his class. Mr. Brown is kind. He and his students are good friends, too.
Now some of Mr. Brown's students play sports on the playground . Bill and Mike play tennis. Tom and John play ping-pong. The other students play basketball. Mr. Brown is happy to play basketball with them. They have a good time.
,,.
The question is: What is Mr. Brown's job in China?
The possible answers are:
A:A Chinese teacher.
B:A history teacher.
C:A math teacher.
D:An English teacher.Teeth are important. Strong , healthy teeth help you chew  foods that help you grow. They help you speak clearly. And yes ,they help you look best. Here are some tips for you to take care of you teeth:
1. Brush your teeth the right way.
Brush your teeth at least twice a day - after breakfast and before bedtime. If you can, brush after lunch or after sweet snacks, too. Brush all of your teeth, not just the front ones. Spend time brushing teeth along the sides and back of your mouth. Spend at least three minutes each time you brush. Play a song you like to help pass the time. Get a new toothbrush every three months. When you buy toothbrush, be sure it has soft bristles .
2. Learn how to floss  your teeth..
Flossing is a very important way to keep your teeth healthy. Food may hide between two teeth. Flossing can help get rid of it. You'll need to floss your teeth at least once a day.
3. Have good eating habits.
You need to be careful about what you eat and drink. Eating sugar is a major cause of tooth decay . Eat lots of fruits and vegetables and drink water instead of soda .
The question is: How often should we change our toothbrushes?
The possible answers are:
A:never
B:three times a month
C:every three months
D:every monthOnce upon a time, two men were walking in the forest. One was thin and tall, and very bad too. The other was fat and short, and very honest. The tall man said to the short man, "We are good friends. If any beast comes, I'll help you." The short man said, " Of course, we are good friends. We will help each other."
At that time, a bear came to them. The tall man climbed up the tree quickly to hide himself in the branches and forgot his promise to the short man. But the fat man couldn't climb the tree. He said to his friend, "Help me! Help me! I can't climb up. Look! The bear is coming!" The tall man said, "No! No! No! You can't stay with me. The tree is not strong."
The bear was coming. The short man lay down under the tree, pretending to be dead and holding his breath. The bear smelled around his body. It doesn't touch the dead.
After the bear went away without harming the short man, the tall man came down and asked the short man, "What did the bear whisper in your ear when it was close to you?" The short man answered, "the bear told me not to believe such a selfish friend like you. And it also said that a friend in need is a friend indeed."
The question is: The tall man was very   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:honest
B:helpful
C:selfish
D:good-lookingEmma and Hannah are 13-year-old school girls from Minnesota, USA. They are good at making new things and both of them are also good at sales. They are selling charms   made out of bottle caps.
The girls came up with the idea last summer when they saw charms were popular with kids. They talked with their parents about the idea. Since then they have sold enough charms to buy a bike for Hannah.
The girls collect bottle caps and then clean them. They find some interesting pictures on the Internet or on paper, and then glue them onto the inside of the caps. There are different kinds of pictures. "Peace signs are popular with girls, and single-letter charms are popular with boys whose names start with those letters," Emma and Hannah said.
Now, charms can be found everywhere at Dakota Hills Middle School in Eagan. "Students put charms on purses, backpacks, and their lunchboxes," said Emma. Emma and Hannah also have a shop on the Internet. They hope they can sell their charms to more kids. They're thinking about selling their charms at the Eagan Market Festival next summer.
Their business is not only for getting money. At their Valentine's sale, 20% of the income   went to charity.
The question is: When did the girls begin to sell the charms?
The possible answers are:
A:About a year ago.
B:About two months ago.
C:Nearly fifty days ago.
D:Nearly five weeks ago.On February 14th,2000,my class went on a field trip to the beach. I had so much fun. When we returned to school,my teacher told me to go to the headmaster's office. When I got into the office,I saw a police officer. Suddenly I realized something was wrong. The police officer told me what had happened and we went to pick my sister up. After that,we went to the hospital and waited. Time went slowly. Finally,we got to see our mother. It was terrible.
On the next day,the headmaster came and told my two teachers what had happened. I was taking a rest that day. I knew it had something to do with my mother. I kept thinking that she either died or had gotten better. How I wished that she had gotten better. When my teacher took me outside,my sister ran up to me. She started crying,"She's gone. Teresa,mommy's gone.
She's dead." I couldn't believe it. We jumped into the car and drove straight to the hospital. Most of my family were there. The silence was terrible. I knew I had to say goodbye.
Today when I look back,I still miss my mother very much,but I know that I will live. My mother was a strong mother,who had the biggest heart. My mother was an angel walking on the earth. I will always remember her as living. When someone is asked who their hero   is,they usually say someone famous,like Michael Jordan or Britney Spears. When someone asks me who my hero is,I tell them,my mother. My mother lives every day. That is what makes her a true hero.
The question is: Who brought the writer the bad news that her mother was ill?
The possible answers are:
A:Her sister.
B:The headmaster.
C:Her teacher.
D:The police officer.It was a village in India. The people were poor. However, they were not unhappy. After all, their forefathers   had lived in the same way for centuries.
Then one day, some visitors from the city arrived. They told the villagers there were some people elsewhere who liked to eat frogs' legs. However, they did not have enough frogs of their own, and so they wanted to buy frogs from other places.
This seemed like money for nothing. There were millions of frogs in the fields around, and they were no use to the villagers. All they had to do was to catch them. Agreement was reached, and the children were sent to the fields to catch frogs. Every week a truck arrived to collect the catch and hand over the money. For the first time, the people were able to dream of a better future. But the dream didn't last long.
The change was hardly noticed at first, but it seemed as if   the crops  were not doing so well. More worrying was that the children fell ill more often, and there seemed to be more insects around lately.
The villagers decided that they couldn't just wait to see the crops failing and the children getting weak. They would have to use the money they'd just had to buy pesticides   and medicine. Soon there was no money left.
Then the people realized that what was happening. It was the frogs. They hadn't been useless. They had been doing an important job--eating insects. Now with so many frogs killed, soon there were more and more insects. They were doing harm to both crops and people.
Now, the people are still poor. But in the evening they sit in the village square and listen to sounds of insects and frogs. _ .
The question is: Why did the villagers agree to sell frogs?
The possible answers are:
A:They needed money to buy medicine.
B:They wanted to please the visitors.
C:The frogs were easy money.
D:The frogs made too much noise.My name is Sam. I joined a club called "Passing help" last month. Now let me tell you why I joined it.
One evening this May, on my way home my old car broke down. It was 25 miles from my home. I wanted to _ in somebody else's car, but it was dark and there was no car. It was also hard to take a taxi. I decided to take a bus home. I went to a bus stop nearby.
After a while, a bus came ,but it did not go to my town. The bus driver was a young woman. She was kind and she told me which bus I should take. I waited there for about thirty minutes, but no bus came . At last a car came to me and a woman came out of the car. She was just the bus driver.
" When I reached the bus station. I got to know that the bus to your town couldn't come, so I returned here. I just can't leave you here," she said ."Get in my car and I will take you back to your home."
"It is a long way," I said.
"Come on, sir," she said."Let's go."
On the way she told me a story. A few days ago. There wasn't gas  in her car. An old man drove her up to a gas station and then back to her car.
When we got to my home ,I wanted to give her some money to thank her, but she didn't accept it. " I only want to help others and do something nice for somebody. Pass it along." She said.
The question is: The young woman wanted Sam to   _
The possible answers are:
A:give her some money
B:get on her bus
C:take her to her house
D:help other just as she didTo make Chinese students healthier and stronger, China's Ministry of Education   has started a campaign. The campaign asks students to run every school day. Te campaign has started since October last year and will last until April this year.
Kids at primary schools have to run 1km per day. It's 1.5kms for middle school students and 2 kms for high  school and university students. And records will be set for every student. By the end of April 2009, a primary school student has to run 120kms in total/ A middle school students have to run 240kms by that time.
Since the campaign started, people have had different ideas about it. Some people think it is good for students. They think the campaign can make students healthier. Some students have little exercise and the campaign can make them run. But some people don't think so. They think some schools don't have enough place for students to do running. If students have to run on the road, maybe it is not safe. They also think there are many ways to become healthier; running is not the only way. So they think the campaign is not a right decision.
The question is: Why Chinese government started the running campaign?   Because   _
The possible answers are:
A:they think Chinese students like running very much
B:they hope Chinese students become healthier and stronger
C:they know Chinese students have no time to exercise
D:they find out Chinese students are too lazyEveryone knows that exercise is important.We all need to _ .Doctors say it is good for us.it makes your heart and body _ .When the daytime comes, we must get up. This is the time for exercise. Exercise means doing things with the body. Children who often exercise are more alert .This means they do better in tests and schoolwork than those who don't exercise.
There are _ ways to exercise.You can walk, run, swim, skate, or play ball games, Make sure you exercise in the following ways:you have to like what you're doing. Exercise enough but not too much.it's best to exercise _ each week .Thirty minutes each time is enough.Try all kinds of thing until you find one, two or even three sports that feel right for you.
You can exercise at _ .They have a lot of equipment  there. The equipment will help exercise your arms, legs and other parts of body to make you fit.Some people buy equipment for their homes.But it is very expensive.
Exercising can be fun.Friends can exercise together at a fitness center, or they can Play sports together.How do you exercise?
The question is: How long should we do exercise is do it  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:An hour
B:Half an hou
C:20 minutes
D:40 minutesYao Ming was born in China in 1980. Now the big name from China is playing for the Houston Rockets in the NBA. He is the son of two basketball players and he learned how to play basketball when he was young. Now, as one of the stars in the NBA, he is working hard to show the world that Chinese basketball players can do well in this game, too!
Pele was a famous football player. He was born in Brazil in 1940. He started playing for Santos when he was only 16 and he didn't retire  until 1977. He played for Brazil 111 times and he scored 97 international goals. Pele came from a poor family. He started playing football in the streets. He played for Santos and quickly became an international star.
Steffi Graf was born in Germany in 1969. She won the tennis semi-final  at Wimbledon in 1985 when she was only 16, but she lost the final to another great tennis player, Martina Navratilova. People were 'surprised at the strength and power of her game. She soon became a famous tennis player and won most of the main matches.
The question is: _   comes from South America.
The possible answers are:
A:Pele
B:Yao Ming
C:Steffi Graft
D:No oneMy grandfather took me to the fishing pond on the farm when I was about 7 years old, and he asked me to throw a stone into the water.
I did what I was asked. Then my grandfather told me to watch the waves made by the stone. Moments later, he asked me to think of myself as that stone.
"You may make a lot of splashes in your life, but remember the waves that come from those splashes will affect the peace of all your friends beside you," he said.
"Remember that you are responsible for  what you throw into your circle, and that your waves will touch many other circles. Always try to live in a way that the waves that come from your circle send out the peace of your goodness to other circles."
"Remember the waves that come from anger and jealousy will also send those feelings to other circles. You are responsible for all the waves."
That was the first time I realized each person creates the inner peace or anger that flows out into the world. We cannot create world peace if we have hatred and anger.
We _ the feelings and thoughts that we hold inside, whether we tell others about them or not. Whatever is inside of us is flowing out into the world and touching all the other circles of life.
,.
The question is: Why did the writer's grandfather take him to the fishpond?
The possible answers are:
A:To spend time with him.
B:To teach him how to fish.
C:To play a fun game with him.
D:To teach him a meaningful life lessonChinese writer Mo Yan has won the 2012 Nobel Prize in Literature, announced Peter, the Secretary of the Swedish Academy in Stockholm on Thursday. The awarding ceremony will be held on December 10. The winner will win a medal, a personal diploma  and a cash award of 8 million Swedish Kronor (about 1 million U.S. dollars).
Mo Yan was born in 1955 and grew up in Gaomi in Shandong province in eastern China. As a 12-year-old during that very unordinary time, he left school to work, first as a farmer like his parents, later as a worker in a factory. He didn't begin to study literature or write until he joined the People's Liberation Army in 1976. His first short story was published in 1981. In his writing, Mo Yan draws the readers' attention to his youthful experiences and the cultures in the province of his birth. His novel Hong Gaoliang Jiazu (1987, in English Red Sorghum 1993), which consists of five stories was successfully filmed in 1987, directed by famous Chinese director Zhang Yimou. In addition to his novels, Mo Yan has published many short stories and essays on many different topics.
his stories have been translated into English, French , Japanese and many other languages.
Mo Yan not only brings a great shot to the world but also a great joy to China.
The question is: Which of the following is NOT true?
The possible answers are:
A:Mo Yan began writing stories in about 1976.
B:Zhang Yimou is a famous actor in China.
C:Mo Yan comes from Shangdong Province, China.
D:Chinese take great pride in Mo Yan's winning Nobel Prize in LiteratureEverybody has a home. People have homes. Animals have homes. People live in many different kinds of houses. Animals have different kinds of homes, too.
Some animals live in holes under the ground . The woodchuck  lives under the ground .His home has two doors. If any animal comes into one door, the woodchuck goes out through the other. Some animals live in holes in trees. Some squirrels build nests   high in trees. Most of the birds live in nests in trees. But hawks build their nests high in the mountains .
The question is: The story is about   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:some trees
B:some people
C:some animals
D:the homes of some animalsIt's Sunday morning. My parents, my uncle, my sisters and I are all at home.My father is sitting near the window. What is he doing? He is reading a newspaper. He wants to know what happens all over the world. My mother is watering the flowers in the small garden. There are some beautiful flowers in it. Some are red, and the others are yellow. They look nice. My uncle is my mother's brother. He is a worker. He is watching TV now. He is a basketball fan  . And he is good at playing basketball. Now he is watching NBA on TV.
Where are my sisters? Lily is over there, and she is listening to the radio  . She likes popular music very much. Lucy is in her room. She has a computer. Now she is surfing the Internet. She is writing an e-mail to her friend. What am I doing? I am doing my homework.
The question is: My uncle is   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:playing basketball
B:a teacher
C:my father's brother
D:a basketball fanIt's a sunny and warm Sunday morning. My parents, my sister and I are all at home. My parents don't have to go to work, and my sister and I don't have to go to school. We are all in the yard  . Look! My father is cleaning his bike. He often goes to work by bike. The bike ride takes him about ten minutes. My mother is watering the flowers. The flowers make our yard very beautiful. We all like the flowers. My sister is playing with a dog. It's her pet dog. The dog is very smart. My mother often takes the dog out for a walk after dinner. What am I doing? I'm drawing. I like drawing very much. I want to join the art club at school.
It's a nice day and we're busy in the yard. We are very happy today!
.
The question is: What's the mother doing?
The possible answers are:
A:She's cleaning the yard.
B:She's reading a book.
C:She's watering the flowers.
D:She's playing with a dog.Many people love going on a trip by plane , but an airport is usually far from the city . You have to arrive there and wait for hours for the plane to take off and it is often late . You can't open the window .You can't choose the food .Planes are fast ,but it takes hours to get out of the airport and into the city .
I like travelling by train .I think trains are safe . Train stations are usually in cities . when you are late for a train , you can catch another one . You can walk around in the train and open the windows . You can see many interesing things on your way . I know it takes a little more time .
I also like cars . You can start your trip when you want to . and you don't need to get to a station . You can carry many things with you too . But sometimes there are many cars on the road .
The question is: Many people like travelling by plane because   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:it is slow
B:you can open the window
C:it is fast
D:the airport is fay from the cityLeopards   live in many parts of the world, from Siberia to Africa. They have a very beautiful yellow skin with large black spots. They live for about 15 years and eat small mammals   such as zebras, monkeys, and antelopes   .They sleep for about 12 hours a day . Leopards are very solitary animals. They spend most of their time alone in trees, where they wait until a small animal passes. They jump on the animal and then drag it up into the tree, where they eat it.
Like many animals, leopards are disappearing because people hunt them. They kill them for their beautiful coats. The Sinai leopard, for example, from Egypt, is now probably extinct .
The question is: Leopards spend much time in trees because they want to  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:sleep
B:jump
C:wait and catch small mammals
D:restPeter is thirteen years old. He is in Grade Two this year. He likes to play soccer and watch soccer games. And he often reads newspapers. He does his best to know when and where there is going to be a soccer game. Now Peter is having lunch. He is listening to the radio, too. He is very happy because there is going to be a nice soccer game on TV at four this afternoon. He wants to watch it very much. But he is going to have English and Chinese classes. He thinks hard and wants to find a way.
"Hello, Mrs. Black," Peter says to his teacher on the telephone, "Peter is ill in bed. He wants to ask for half a day's leave (  )."
"Oh, I'm sorry to hear that." says Mrs. Black, "But who's that?"
"It's my father, Mrs. Black."
The question is: Peter is a   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:middle school student
B:a father
C:worker
D:teacherLike most cultures around the world, the Zulu people of Africa tell stories that have animals as heroes. These stories are meant to have fun, but they are also used to teach important lessons to children. This is one of those stories.
One hot afternoon, Jackal was walking along the rocky road sniffing   the ground. He was hoping to smell a mouse or a lizard  , or something else that would be good to eat. He was so much lost in sniffing that he wasn't really paying attention to what was around himself.
Suddenly, Jackal looked up to see his neighbor, Lion, walking straight toward him. He did not have enough time to run way. Jackal had played many tricks on Lion over the years, so he knew he would be in trouble if he was caught. Jackal needed to think of something quickly.
"Help! Help!" cried Jackal as he quickly jumped upon a large rock hanging over the road. "The rocks are falling down, and I can't hold them much longer. We shall both be crushed   if you do not do your best to hold these rocks back, Lion"
At once, Lion pushed his strong shoulder against the rocks to keep them from moving any further. "I'll just run over here to get something to stop the rocks." shouted Jackal as he ran way to safety. Lion stayed _ against the unmoving rocks for quite a long time before he realized that Jackal had tricked him yet again!
The question is: Why was Jackal sniffing the ground?
The possible answers are:
A:To play with Lion.
B:To push a rock
C:To run after a mouse
D:To look for something to eat.The Piano Lesson
Jenny wasn't interested in playing the piano. She liked writing stories and acting them out with her friends. But Mrs. Windsor gave her piano lessons for free, so she felt she should have a try. Every Sunday she had her piano lessons in Mrs. Windsor's house.
One Sunday morning, Jenny walked into Mrs. Windsor's music room and sat down on the piano bench  as usual.
"Hello," Jenny heard a voice behind her. She turned around and saw a young girl.
"What's your name?" The girl asked.
Before Jenny could answer, Mrs. Windsor walked in and said, "Jenny, this is my niece , Pasha. Pasha, this is Jenny. I need to go to hospital, so Pasha will give you your lesson today."
Pasha sat beside Jenny on the piano bench and asked, "What piece do you like best?"
"I don't know." Jenny said. "They're all the same to me."
"You mean you don't have a favorite?" Pasha was surprised.
"No, not really." Jenny said.
Pasha opened Jenny's music book and asked Jenny to play.
After about a page or two, Pasha gently  put her hand on top of Jenny's. Jenny stopped. Then Pasha said, "Jenny, what are you hearing in the music?" Jenny looked at Pasha strangely.
"I don't know." Jenny said.
"Let me try and you listen," Pasha said. "All you have to do is learn to hear the stories in the music."
"I've never thought of it that way." Jenny said.
"Let's try together, shall we?" Pasha smiled. Together they played that afternoon and tried to find the story in the music. That day Jenny found playing the piano was not that difficult.
The question is: Where did Jenny have her piano lessons?
The possible answers are:
A:In her school.
B:In Mrs. Windsor's house.
C:In a music club.
D:In Pasha's house.If you have failed in the past to try to make big changes in life, try again now, one tiny step at a time.
Every year it's the same. As December comes to an end, you think about the new year and all the ways you want to improve your life. But as you start to write down your hopes for the new year, you think about the last year. You excitedly write down all the changes you are going to make, but by the end of January those ideas get lost in your busy life.
Here's a suggestion: Forget the too big, hard-to-achieve goals and just think about the small ones. "We often think that we have to do everything in big steps, even though it's so hard for us to reach it." said Robert Maurer, who recently wrote the book One Small Step Can Change Your Life. "What we try to do is to begin with such a small step that we can't find any excuse not to do it."
"Kaizen", a Japanese word, is used to mean to change behavior and attitudes  . During World War II, American factory managers were able to _ by trying small, continuous improvements instead of sudden changes. After the war, the idea was brought to a rebuilding   Japan. It made Japan develop fast. The Japanese called it "kaizen", which means "improvement".
Maurer studied the idea and did some experiments with it. "Kaizen" could possibly help people succeed in doing everything.
The question is: At the end of December, people usually   _   .
The possible answers are:
A:plan for the last year
B:fail to make big changes
C:try to lose their ideas
D:think about the new yearUnless we spend money to spot(,) and prevent asteroids  now, one might crash into Earth and destroy life as we know it, say some scientists.
Asteroids are bigger versions of the meteoroids  that race across the night sky. Most orbit the sun far from Earth and don't threaten us. But there are also thousands of asteroids whose orbits put them on a collision course with Earth.
But $500 million worth of new telescopes right now, then spend $10 million a year for the next 25 years to locate most of the space rocks. By the time we spot a fatal one, the scientists say, we'll have a way to change its course.
Is it worth it? Two things experts consider when judging any risk are (i) How likely the event is; (2) How bad the consequences if the event occurs. Experts think an asteroid big enough to destroy lots of life might strike Earth once every 500,000 years. Sounds pretty rare but if one did fall. It would be the end of the world. "If we don't take care of these bid asteroids, they'll take care of us," says one scientist. "it's that simple."
The cure, though, might be worse than the disease. Do we really want fleets(,) of nuclear weapons sitting around on Earth? "the world has less fear from doomsday  rocks than from a great nuclear fleet set against them." Said a New York Times article.
The question is: We can conclude from the passage that   _
The possible answers are:
A:While pushing asteroids off course nuclear weapons would destroy the world.
B:Asteroids racing across the night sky are likely to hit Earth in the near future.
C:The worry about asteroids can be left to future generations since it is unlikely to happen in our lifetime.
D:Workable solutions still have to be found to prevent a collision of asteroids with Earth.You're listening to Radio Five. Regular listeners know that every Tuesday I give a list of places in the city that are looking for volunteers.
Tiny Tot Preschool is looking for someone who will sing songs to the children on Thursday mornings. The best person for this job would be someone who can play the piano or the guitar.
Primary School 39 needs volunteers to teach students English after school on Mondays, Wednesdays, and Fridays.If you are good at English,this is a great chace.
The Parks Department needs volunteers to help plant many trees before May Day. If you like to work outside and protect the environment, this job is just for you.
Lastly, the Community Center is looking for volunteers to work with old people on weekends. You can help read newspapers to the old people with bad eyesight. The Center also needs a few students to do fix-up work on houses. If you often help your grandfather repair his house, maybe this is the best job for you.
If you are interested in any of the jobs, you can call us at 5478-6638.
That's all for now. People need your help. Volunteer Today.
The question is: If you want to work outside, you can help the Park Department to  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:plant many trees
B:teach students English after school
C:clean up the city parks
D:repair housesNancy is an English school girl. She studies in a middle school. She has a little brother. His name is John. John is only four. Nancy likes him very much.
Today is Sunday. Nancy wants to do her homework. She takes out her pencil-box and opens it. "Oh, dear! Where's my pen?" She can't find her pen. She goes to ask her brother in his bedroom.
"John! I can't find my pen. Can you see it?  Oh, what are you doing with my pen? "
"I'm writing to my friend, Peter." John answers.
"But how can you? You don't know how to write! "
"It doesn't matter. Peter can't read. " John says.
,.
The question is: John and Peter are   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:friends
B:American
C:at school
D:school girlsI have been very lucky to make many trips to China. Though I have had some trouble with the language, I have never had a problem I couldn't solve. As a native English speaker ,I can go almost everywhere in the world and find someone to communicate with. I never thought that someone who speaks only Chinese would have a lot of trouble in my country.
Recently, the King family that I had met in China moved to Canada. I met them at the airport. My wife and I made meals for them and showed them around where we live. Everything seemed to go smoothly for the first two days as we looked for a car for them, showed them the way to different stores and the nearest city, Victoria. Mr. and Mrs King had a two-year-old son and soon we became Nainai (grandmother) and Yeye (grandfather). We were having a good time but we didn't realize Mr. King can't speak English.
Luckily, Mrs. King can speak very good English. Many people with Chinese background live near us. In fact, none of them speak Chinese. Mr. King can't even buy a mobile phone without his wife's help. He can't talk to me, of course. By the third day, he felt lonely and worried. And on the fourth day, we decided to take them to a large Chinese community.
Now, we often visit them and they visit us too. Sometimes Mrs. King would still like to live near us but Mr. King cannot. I feel bad because he seems very nice and smart but I can't talk with him. It seems that neither of us will learn the other's language because of our ages, maybe we will never have a friendly conversation. But we will think of each other as friends.
The question is: Which of the following is NOT mentioned in the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:How the King family came to Canada.
B:How old Mr. and Mrs. King's son was.
C:Why the King family moved to Canada.
D:Why the writer feels bad when he is with Mr. King.His talent and charm have made him the No.1Chinese classical artist in the world. And he played in the grand Beijing Olympic opening ceremony in 2008, watched by a TV audience of 5 billion.
Lang Lang, 26, is the first Chinese pianist to play with the world's top orchestras  ,making his first appearance at the Carnegie Hall in New York at 18, while still a student.
Lang's charm and fondness make him a natural fit to represent China's new international image. According to the British newspaper the Times, "The Lang Lang effect" drives 36 million Chinese children to learn the piano.
Now in China, children are learning Chopin and Western orchestras are playing sold-out tours across Chinese cities. But can China ever introduce its own music to the West? Lang is trying. His cooperation  with the London Symphony Orchestra this month includes a performance of Dragon Songs, an album of traditional Chinese classics.
Behind the success , however, is a surprising story of a gifted child. Lang grew up with his father's own musical ambition  and high expectations. It is not hard to imagine how boring it must be to practice the piano every day. Lang said that he once hated his hands and the piano. He got his right hand hurt six years ago and had to rest. "That was the best month," he says.
The question is: What is the main reason why Lang Lang is the No.1 Chinese classical artist in the world?
The possible answers are:
A:He played in the Beijing Olympic opening ceremony in 2008.
B:He usually plays with the world's top orchestras.
C:He tries to introduce Chinese music to Western countries.
D:He plays the piano so well and has a good international image.Walt Disney began to make cartoon movies when he was young. But he didn't have much money and he didn't always have enough to eat. One day a mouse ran near his desk when he worked in his small office.
"Would you like to be my pet? "Disney asked the mouse. He caught the mouse and kept it as a pet. A few years later, Disney decided to make a cartoon about it. "I am making a cartoon about a mouse named Mortimer," he told his wife. "Mortimer Mouse? I think Mickey Mouse would be a better name." She said. "You are right!"  Disney agreed and made many Mickey Mouse cartoons.
People all over the world saw Mickey and loved it. Mickey Mouse made Disney famous. Then come Donald Duck, and Goofy Dog and others. Disney began to make full length   cartoons. Then he made cartoon movies for television. Millions of children watched the shows every week.
In California, real boats, castles  , trains, mountains, rivers, all in one beautiful park. Millions of people came to Disneyland. He died in 1966, but the world will not forget him quickly. Mickey Mouse and all his cartoons will help us to remember him.
The question is: This passage mainly tells us  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:how Disney make Cartoon movies
B:how Disney built Disneyland
C:something about Disney's childhood
D:something about Disney's lifeTea, coffee and cocoa are three major drinks all over the world. Tea is drunk by the largest number of people in the world. Tea, as well as silk and porcelain, began to be known by the world over a thousand years ago and has been an important Chinese export since then.
Tea has a history of over 4 , 000 years and China is the home of tea. In ancient China, tea was used as a kind of medicine, while nowadays people drink tea daily.
Longjing, Pu'er, Wulong and Tieguanyin are all famous tea. Thanks to the mild climate and rich soil in Fujian, Zhejiang and Yunnan, tea is produced mainly in these provinces.
The word for tea in different languages came from Chinese, like "cha'i" in Russian. And the Japanese character for tea is written exactly the same as it is in Chinese.
Over the past centuries, Chinese people have developed their unique tea culture, which includes tea planting, tea-leaf picking, tea making, tea drinking and so on. Tea is also popular in some sayings, like "
" In dances, songs, poems and novels, tea is often mentioned. loo.
,A, B, C, D,. (10)
The question is: Which is the best title for the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:China's Tea Culture
B:A Saying of Tea
C:Drinks in the World
D:Tea and CoffeeThe first robot was invented in the 1920s. Robots have appeared in many American films. In some films, they are stronger, faster and cleverer than people.
In real life, robots are mainly used in factories. They do some dangerous and difficult jobs for humans. Robots also help disabled people, for example, blind people. Today many blind people have a guide dog to help them. In the future, guide dogs might be robot dogs.
One kind of robot guide dog has wheels. It moves in front of the owner. It is very clever. It knows the speed of its owner's walk. The owner wears a special belt. The belt sends instructions to the owner from the dog, such as "Stop here" "Turn left" or "Turn right".
In the United States, another kind of robot helps disabled people to take care of themselves in their daily life. The robot hears the sound of its owner's voice. It follows instructions such as. "Turn the page" or "Make a cup of coffee".
Robots are also used in American hospitals. They can do simple jobs. At one hospital, for example, a robot takes meals from the kitchen to patients' rooms. It never gets lost because this robot has a map of the hospital in its computer memory.
Though robots can help people in many different ways, they will never take the place of humans.
,.
The question is: A robot guide dog   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:goes in front of blind people
B:walk side by side with blind people
C:has a map in its head
D:helps patients with their mealsToday, an increasing number of people are always looking at their mobile phones with their heads down. These people are called the "Heads-down Tribe" . Are you a heads-down tribe member? Heads-down tribe members now can be seen everywhere.
Using mobile phones may cause accidents and even cost a lot of money. Also, more and more interesting and strange facts happen to the "Heads-down Tribe". Let's have a look at an interesting TV report. A man in America kept using his mobile phone on his way home. As a result, he bumped into a big lost bear on the street. When he lifted his eyes from the phone,he was so scared that he turned around and ran away as quickly as possible. Another fact is that we can often see people in the restaurant eating face to face but looking at their own mobile phones. It's strange that they don't talk to the ones who sit opposite to them during the meal. Some of them even have fun communicating with others on the phone.
Mobile phones are helpful and necessary tools for modern life. Are mobile phones good or bad? It depends on how people use them. Let's be "healthy" users and try to be the "Heads-up Tribe".
The question is: According to the passage, what do the "Heads-down Tribe" do when they eat in a restaurant?
The possible answers are:
A:They enjoy their meals.
B:They take photos of their meals.
C:They don't talk to the people who sit opposite.
D:They talk to the strangers who sit next to them.My favorite month is May, because there are many events   in this month. May 1
is Labor Day . We have a three-day holiday  . We can have a trip. We have an Art Festival on May 8
in our school. We like it very much,we like to show our pictures. May 12
is my good friend Linda's birthday. We have a big birthday party for her . On May 20
, we have an English party. We often have
in the evening. We have a book sale in our classroom on May 28
. It's very interesting.
The question is: Linda's birthday is    _    .
The possible answers are:
A:May 1st
B:May 4
C:May 12
D:May 20Spending more than two hours a night doing homework leads to better results in English,math and science, according to a major study (by Pam Sammons, England) which has tracked   the progress of3,000 children over the past 15 years.
Spending any time doing homework showed advantages, but the influence was greater for the students who put in two to three hours a night, according to the study published by the Department for Education in England.
The scientists who did the research say their study empbasizes  what students actually do rather than how much work the school has set.
Pam Sammons, a professor of education at Oxford University, said that time spent on homework showed the influence of the school-if children were expected to do homework and if they enjoy their subjects. "That's one of the reasons Indian and Chinese children do better.They put more time in it." he added.
It's also reported that students who enjoyed school got better results. "Schools could make sure children had a better experience by improving the school environment, making school work interesting and making children feel supported by teachers." Sammons said.
It is suggested that children aged 5 t0 7 should be set one-hour homework a week, half an hour a night for 7 t0 11-year-olds. Secondary schools were encouraged to set up two hours a night for 14 t0 16-year-olds.
"Head teachers should make their own homework policy ," the government says.
The question is: From the passage, we can know that  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:Students should become interested in their results.
B:Students should do bomework as mucb as possible.
C:Parents should encourage their children to do homework
D:Teachers should make their children feel supported.Helen Keller was a US author and public speaker who became blind and deaf at the age of 19 months. Anne Sullivan became her teacher in 1887 and taught her to read, write, use sign language and speak. Keller received degree from Radcliffe College in 1904 and spent the rest of her life encouraging others with difficulties like hers to overcome them. Her books include The story of My Life (1902) and Out of the Dark(1913). Her life was the subject of the play The Miracle Worker
The question is: When she was 19   _   old, Helen Keller became blind and deaf.
The possible answers are:
A:days
B:years
C:months
D:secondsIt was the last day of final exams in a university. On the steps of one building, a group of engineering students were discussing the exam. On their faces was confidence . This was their last exam and then they would graduate. With all these four years of college behind them, they felt ready to go into the world.
The professor had said they could bring any book or note they wanted, but they could not talk to each other. They went into the classroom happily. The professor gave them the papers. They smiled when they found that there were only five questions.
Three hours passed and the professor began to collect the papers. The students no longer looked so confident . The professor faced the class. No one spoke. They just held papers in their hands.
The professor then asked, "How many of you finished all five questions?"
Not a hand was raised.
"How many answered four?"
Still no hand.
"Three? Two?"
The students looked worried in their seats.
"One, then?" Certainly somebody finished one.
However, nobody replied. The professor put down the papers. "That is just what I thought," he said. "I just want to tell you that, even though you have finished four years of engineering, there are still many things about the subject you don't know. These questions you could not answer are quite common in everyday practice." Then he added with a smile, "You will all pass this course, but remember----even though you are now college graduates, your education has just begun."
The question is: How did the students feel when the professor began to collect the papers?
The possible answers are:
A:Happy.
B:Confident.
C:Worried
D:ProudDifference
John and Bobby joined a company at the same time . They both worked very hard . After several years , Bobby became the manager , but John thought it was unfair , so he gave his resignation  to the boss .
When the boss found out the reason why John wanted to leave , he said , "I hope you will do one more thing for our company before you leave . "
John agreed . The boss asked him to find out if anyone was selling watermelons at the market . John went and soon returned . He said he had found a man selling watermelons . The boss asked him how much they were . John shook his head  and went back to the market . When he returned , he told the boss they were $ 1.2 per kg .
Then the boss asked Bobby to find a watermelon seller at the market . Bobby went , returned and said , "Only one person is selling watermelons . $ 1.2 per kg , 340 melons in all , and each melon weighs about 2 kg . They are fresh . "
John realized  the difference between himself and Bobby . He decided not to leave but to learn from Bobby.
The question is: The boss asked John to   _   .
The possible answers are:
A:give up his work
B:work for Bobby
C:find out if there were watermelons at the market
D:go to the market to find out if anyone was selling watermelonsLook at the picture. Who is the girl? She is my friend. Her name is Alice Black. She is an English girl.
Alice has a big family. Her grandparents have two daughters and one son -- her father. Alice lives with her grandparents, parents, two brothers and one sister. Alice has two dogs -- Bobby and Tony. Bobby is black and Tony is white. Alice likes them very much. Alice is a middle school student. She has a good friend at school. Her name is Helen. They are cousins, too.
The question is: Alice's grandparents have   _   children  .
The possible answers are:
A:two
B:three
C:four
D:fiveEarthquake safety tips
On April 14,2010, a big earthquake hit Yushu,Qinghai.Over,2,000 people died. Many people were hurt. Why are there earthquakes?
The surface of the Earth has many pieces. These pieces are always moving. When two pieces move past each other, there is an earthquake.
Scientist are working hard to find out more about earthquakes. They try to predict  them, but it's very hard.
Do you     know how to get ready for an earthquake? Do you know what to do during an earthquake? Here are some things you should know.
What to do before an earthquake
Make sure you have two bottles of water, a packet of biscuits ,a clean towel ,a few band-aids ,a radio and a flashlight  at home.
What to do during an earthquake
If you are inside:
    Stay where you are. Quickly move under a strong desk, or along a wall. This will protect you from falling things.
    Don't stand near windows.
    Turn off the lights.
    Don't get into a lift during an earthquake. If your are in a lift, get out as quickly as possible.
If you are outside:
    Don't stand near buildings. Things may fall on you.
    Lie on the ground until the shaking stops.
The question is: You must protect yourself in an earthquake by   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:keeping you from falling things
B:turning on the lights
C:standing near the window
D:getting into a liftOne day a red rose blossomed   in a forest. A pine tree  not far away said, "You're so beautiful! I wish I could be lovely like you. "
The rose said, "I am the most beautiful plant in the forest. " Then the rose looked at a cactus  and said, "Look at that ugly plant. It is full of thorns  !"Sometimes, the red rose would look at the cactus and say, "This plant is useless. I'm sorry I am his neighbor. "
Summer came and the plants and animals needed water, but no rain fell. One day the rose saw some birds stick their beaks  into the cactus and then fly away. The red rose asked what the birds were doing. The pine tree explained that the birds got water from the cactus. The pine tree told the red rose, "You can also drink from it. The birds can bring water to you if you ask the cactus for help. "
The red rose felt _ , but she still asked the cactus for help. The cactus agreed kindly and the birds filled their beaks with water for the rose's roots. Later on, the rose never gave her opinion about anyone by look again.
The question is: .Which of the following is TRUE according to the story?
The possible answers are:
A:There was no rain when summer came.
B:The pine tree could get water from the cactus.
C:The birds stuck their beaks into the pine tree.
D:The rose could bring water to the pine's roots.My summer hols wr CWOT. B4, we usd 2 go 2 NY 2C my bro, his CF & thr 3:-@ kids FTF ILNY, its gr8.
Can you understand this sentence? If you can't, don't feel too bad: neither could the middle school teacher in England who received this as homework. This is Netspeak: the language of computerized communication found on Internet or cellphones. To newcomers, it can look like a completely foreign language. So, what is the "translation" of the sentence above? My summer holidays were a complete waste of time. Before, we used to go to New York to see my brother, his girlfriend, and their three screaming kids face to face. I love New York; it's great.
Schoolteachers and parents say this new form of writing is harming the English language. Increasing spelling and grammatical mistakes cxan be seen in students' writing. They fear the language could become corrupted .
Everyone should just relax, say linguists . They believe Netspeak is in fact more of a good thing. David Crystal, from the University of Wales, argues that Netspeak and Internet create a new language use and the almost lost art of diary writing has been picked up again. Geoffrey Nunberg, from Stanford University, agrees. "People get better at writing by writing," he says, "Kids who are now doing text messaging, e-mail, and instant messages will write at least as well as, and possibly better than, their parents."
Linguist James Millroy says, for centuries, it is believed without exception that young people are harming the language. And you can bet your bottom dollar that when today's teenagers become tomorrow's parents, they too will think this way. Milroy argues that languages do not and cannot become "corrupted"; they simply change to meet the new needs.
However, Netspeakers do agree that it is important to teach young people how to speak and write Standard English. Cynthia McVey says, "I can understand Netspeak worries teachers and it's important that they get across to their pupils that text messaging is for fun, but that learning to write proper English is a must for their future."
Perhaps we should give teenagers a little more trust anyway. Erin, age 12, says, "I wouldn't use text language in my homework. Texting is just for fun"
The question is: What can be the best title for the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:Netspeak: A Widely-Used Language on Internet
B:Is Netspeak Harming the English Language?
C:Is Netspeak Helpful in Language Learning?
D:Netspeak: Advantages and DisadvantagesEvery year on April 22, People all over the world celebrate Earth Day. It is a time to work to keep our earth clean. People plan projects to clean up the land, air and water.
U.S. Senator Gaylord Nelson first thought of the idea for Earth Day in 1962 when he saw polluted rivers and cities with smoke. He needed to get support from Americans to clean up the earth. Finally, on April 22, 1970, 20 million Americans celebrated the first Earth Day! Now many countries around the world celebrate it, and you can, too.
How can you celebrate Earth Day? Here are a few ideas:
Join a clean-up project------Clean up your street or a favorite beach.
Save energy------Turn off the lights when you leave a room, and use public transportation.
Use less water.
Reduce / Reuse/ Recycle ------ Practice the three Rs: First, reduce how much you use. Then reuse or recycle what you can.
You can make a difference on Earth Day and every day!
The question is: How do people around the world celebrate Earth Day?
The possible answers are:
A:By using more cars.
B:By helping clean up the land, air and water.
C:By polluting rivers and cities.
D:By taking fewer buses.Jack had an unusual experience last night. He is sharing it with his friends. Ken and May.
Ken: What were you doing, Jack? What did you see?
Jack: It was half past nine last night and I was getting ready for bed. I heard some strange noise outside while I was brushing my teeth. I wondered what was happening and I went to the window and looked out. To my surprise, I saw a bright yellow green light in the sky.
May: Maybe the light you saw was a UFO! Or a ghost! A few years ago, an American man saw a flying saucer  while he was driving along a road. He also saw some strange yellow light. You have heard about it, haven't you?
Ken: Don't be imaginative, May. Jack didn't see anything, or anybody. It wasn't a ghost. It was probably a plane, or a shooting star. Perhaps Jack just made a horrible dream!
Jack: I am very serious. I did see something. The light disappeared and then suddenly some "tiny people" were standing in the garden. There were four of them. Two of them ate some flowers in the garden.
Ken: Oh, come on, Jack. I really doubt what you have said.
Jack: I am not joking! One of the people was looking at me through the window.
May: Really? What did it look like? Were you frightened?
Jack: Its whole body was green. It had no ears and nose. Its hands were huge. Its eyes were very big and looked like eggs. It looked at me and I could hardly move.
Ken: What happened then?
Jack: I was able to move _ . I ran and got my camera at once.
May: And?
Jack: I didn't have a film.
May: Oh no!
The question is: The best title of the passage might "  _  ."
The possible answers are:
A:A horrible dream
B:A Flying saucer
C:A Ghost's visit
D:Alien's visitParis is the capial of France. Its subway is very special. You can enjoy its culture when you are in this city. First you see many people reading books in the subway. Whenever they are in the subway or at the station, there is always a book in the hand.
The subway station in Paris is not big , but each of them has its special facts. Some stations looks ships. Some have clothes, caps and shoes. And every station has a big advertisement picture. But many of them are for selling clothes and cosmetics .
You can meet some beggars  in the subway. But the beggars in the Paris subway are also very special. They often play the violin or guitar in the train. They don't feel shy at all. Instead they think it is natural. After playing, they will go around the train and ask you to give them some money.
If you want to learn more about Paris, go to the subway and enjoy its culture by yourself.
The question is: Which of the following is true?
The possible answers are:
A:Every station is very big in Paris.
B:Every station has something to sell
C:The beggars in the Paris subway station are very shy.
D:The beggars in the Paris subway station can play some instruments.Wang Yan, a 15-year-old Chinese girl, likes eating snacks very much. She prefers cream biscuits, McDonald's food, KFC chicken. As a result, she has become overweight.
Today in China, there are many children like Wang Yan. Health experts say that children should have healthy eating habits. First, they must eat regular meals and begin with a healthy breakfast. Second, they should have different kinds of foods, such as fruit, vegetables, grain, eggs, milk and meat. Third, children shouldn't eat too much junk food. It's delicious, but eating it often is bad for their health. If children do as the experts say, they won't become overweight. They will be healthier. Students won't become tired at school, and they will have enough energy to study hard.
The question is: What does the writer think of junk food?
The possible answers are:
A:Terrible.
B:Healthy.
C:Unhealthy
D:Sweet.Good afternoon! I'm Alice. My last name is Smith. I'm in a red jacket. I'm in Xingfu Middle School. My phone number is 569-2679. This is Cindy Brown. She is my good friend. She is in a yellow jacket. She is in Xingfu Middle School, too. What's her phone number? It's 865-2397.
The question is: Cindy is   _   good friend.
The possible answers are:
A:Alice's
B:Bob's
C:Grace's
D:Helen'sHave you been asked for money by some disabled beggars   while you're enjoying shopping? Do you have any pity on them who are so poor and lonely or do you just feel afraid of their terrible shapes? As one of the most special groups, disabled people's living conditions -- not only their material   conditions, but their mental   world -- really need improvement.
The treatment for disabled people should go like this: First, don't look down upon them. Don't be afraid of looking at the terrible shapes of the disabled. Try to treat them _ . Because they are a part of the society  ,we cant discard   them. The second is to help them as much as we could. If you can be a volunteer and do some work for the disabled people, that would be very nice. That does help not only to the disabled people but also to yourself because you will feel good after your kind action.
If every one of us gives a little love, the world will become a beautiful wonderland!
The question is: Most disabled people are begging   along the streets because  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:it's their jobs
B:they want to make a living in this way
C:more and more people love to help them
D:they are a part of the societyThis is a picture of Mr. Li's family. The man in the middle is Mr. Li. The woman is Mrs. Li's wife. They have two sons. The child behind Mr. Li is Li Lei. He's thirteen. The boy in front of Mrs. Li is Li Ming. He is seven. Li Lei and Li Ming are in the same school, but not in the same grade. Li Lei is in Grade Two. Li Ming is in Grade One. They are good students.
The question is: How old is Li Ming? He is    _  .
The possible answers are:
A:seven
B:twelve
C:ten
D:thirteenI used to think Dad didn't love me at all, because he never tried to hug or kiss me. But whenever I felt sad or lonely, Dad was always there.
When I was in high school, Dad retired  and set up a food _ on the street near my school. Every day when I finished school, my classmates and I would pass his food stand. But I really hated talking to Dad, because I did not want my classmates to know my dad was selling noodles on the street!
One night, I couldn't stand it any more and shouted, "Dad, could you stop selling your stupid noodles? I don't need a father who sells noodles on the street!" At that moment, Dad was shocked. He tried to say something but didn't. His eyes were filled with tears and sadness. It was the first time for me to see Dad crying. My mum later told me Dad was selling noodles to save money for my college  education. Even today I still feel guilty for that night.
Time really flies. I finished college and then left my home city. For the past ten years, whenever I visited home, Dad was always there meeting me and seeing me off quietly at the railway station. When I was away, Dad never wrote or called me, but he always pushed my mum to call me. That's the way Dad shows his love to me.
.
The question is: What did the writer use to think of his father?
The possible answers are:
A:He thought his father loved him very much.
B:He didn't think his father loved him.
C:He thought his father felt sad.
D:He thought his father felt lonely.Shopping for clothes is not the same experience for a man as it is for a woman. A man goes shopping because he needs something. All men simply walk into a shop and ask for what they want  If the shop has it, the salesman quickly finds it, and the business of trying it on continues at once. All being well, the deal can be and often is completed in less than five minutes.
For a man, small problems may begin when the shop does not have what he wants. Then, the salesman tries to sell the customer something else. "I know this jacket is not the style you want, sir, but would you like to try it for size? It happens to be the color you mentioned." Few men have patience with this treatment, and the usual reply is, "This is the right color and maybe the right size, but I should be wasting my time and yours by trying it on."
However, a woman does so in the opposite way. Her shopping is not often based on(... ) need, and she is only "having a look around". She is always open to persuasion, really she believes in what the saleswoman tells her. She will try on any number of things. Most women have an excellent sense of value when they buy clothes. They are always on the lookout for the unexpected sale. Faced with a roomful of dresses, a woman may easily spend an hour going from one room to another, often going back over again, before choosing the dresses she wants to try on. It is always tiring, but obviously  enjoyable. Most dress shops provide chairs for the waiting husbands.
,.
The question is: What does a man usually do when there is no jacket he wants in a shop?
The possible answers are:
A:He does not buy anything.
B:He tries on something else.
C:He buys another he doesn't like.
D:He follows the salesman's advice.Wang Tao is a little boy. He often goes for a walk with his father. He likes water very much and he wants to swim like a fish in the water.
One Sunday morning, Wang Tao went to a park with his father. There is a big swimming pool in the park. Wang Tao asked his father to take him to the pool. "Why do you want to go there?" asked his father. "I want to learn swimming," said Wang Tao. "And you can teach me."
"Oh, sorry. I can't swim," said his father.
"You can't swim? Li Qiang's father swims very well. Why can't you swim?"
"His father likes eating fish, so he can swim like a fish," said the father. "Oh, I see," said Wang Tao. "But you like eating chicken very much. Can you lay eggs  ?"
.
The question is: ?
The possible answers are:
A:Wang Tao can swim very well.
B:Wang Tao's father can lay eggs.
C:Wang Tao is a naughty   boy.
D:Wang Tao's father can teach Wang Tao to swim.In the sunny night, look up at the clear night sky. You can probably see thousands of stars. The biggest thing you'll see, of course, is the moon. For thousands of years, people have wondered about this big thing in the sky.
Earth's moon is a satellite. A satellite is a body that orbits a planet. All moons are satellites, and many planets have them. Some have many moons. Earth, of course, only has one. It's a special moon, though. It's the fifth largest moon in the solar system!
In fact, the moon is much smaller than the sun. But it's much closer to Earth, so it looks as big as the sun. The moon is so close that you can see its dark and light spots without a telescope. Men flew and landed on the moon's surface many times by spacecrafts in the 1960s and 1970s. Neil Armstrong was the first human to step on the moon. He walked on the moon on July 20th, 1969. The flights to the moon have helped us learn much about it. Astronauts even brought rocks home with them!
There's still a lot to learn about the moon. Now people still can't live on the moon because it does not have oxygen or water like the Earth. But I'm sure that humans can live there one day in the future.
,.
The question is: What is a satellite?
The possible answers are:
A:A planet.
B:A spacecraft.
C:A body that orbits a planet.
D:A black star.Hello, I'm Peter in the second grade. Now I have one thing to say: It's not easy being a kid. Being a kid might look like fun, but sometimes it's not fun at all.
Yesterday I was playing outside with my friend. We were having a good time. But suddenly, my mother said, "Peter, it's time to come inside now. It's getting dark." When you're an adult, no one can tell you what to do or when to do it.
When you are a kid, you have to get up early in the morning and go to school. At school, you have to study math, English, science and history. After school, you have to do your homework. When you are an adult, you do not have to go to school and you never have homework to do.
When you are a kid, the older kids sometimes _ you. When I was walking home from school on Monday, Tom and Steve bothered me. Steve took my schoolbag and put it in a tree. It made me very mad. When you are an adult, no one can pick on you.
When you are a kid, you have to go to bed early. On school nights, my mom asks me to go to bed at 9:00 pm. But I do have parents who love me, which is really great. So I think I like being a kid, even though it's not easy being a kid.
,.
The question is: As a kid you do the following things EXCEPT  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:go to school
B:do your homework
C:get up early and go to bed early
D:go anywhere without telling anyoneYour homework habits might be affecting your grades. Are you feeling tired or bored when it comes to homework time? Are you arguing with parents about your grades? You can change the way you feel by taking better care of your mind and your body. Get the sleep you need.
Studies show that teens' natural sleeping habits are different from those of adults. This often causes less sleep among teens, since they tend to have trouble going to sleep at night, and have trouble waking in the mornings. You can avoid some of the problems that come with less sleep by changing some of your nighttime habits.
Improve your memory
A great way to improve your homework habits is to improve your memory with brain exercise. There are many theories and ideas about improving memory, but there is one mnemonic  method that has been around since ancient times. Ancient accounts show that early Greek and Roman orators used the "loci" method of remembering long speeches and lists. You may be able to use this method to improve your memory at test time.
Fight the desire to delay
Do you get the sudden desire to feed the dog at homework time? Don't fall for it! Delay is like a little white lie we tell ourselves. We often think we'll feel better about studying later if we do something fun now, like playing with a pet, watching a TV show, or even cleaning our room. It's not true.
Avoid repetitive  stress
During text messaging, Internet surfing, and computer writing, you are using your hand muscles in all new ways, and you're very easily to be influenced by something dangerous or the repetitive stress injury. Find out how to avoid pain in your hands and neck by changing the way you sit at your computer.
The question is: What differences between the teens and adults are mentioned in the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:Eating habits.
B:Sleeping habits.
C:Reading habits.
D:Writing habitsLast year in the UK at least 45 people died and 900 more were injured  in car accidents where drivers were using their mobile phones. Yet many people continue to use them while driving even though it' s dangerous.
Research has shown that it is difficult to concentrate on  driving and talking at the same time. It can even be more dangerous than driving after drinking too much. A recent study found that when drivers were talking on their mobile phones, their stopping times were 30 percent slower than when they had drunk too much - and nearly 50 percent slower than when they were driving normally. It also found that drivers talking on mobile phones were less able to control their cars than drunk drivers.
And talking isn't even the most serious problem, but texting is. Unbelievably, another recent study reported that 22% of adults admitted  they had sent a text message while driving at least once in the past month. An average  text message takes 90 seconds to write and send. That means for one and a half minutes a driver is looking at their phone's screen and not at the road. The arrival of new smart phones such as the iPhone will only make things worse as they will allow users to do more things than ever before.
Using a mobile phone while driving puts others' lives at risk. No matter how well we drive, if another driver is*not careful, we are put in danger by their actions. Such drivers are selfish, careless and should have their driving  licenses   cancelled.
There is no doubt that mobile phones can be fun and are useful, especially when you're in trouble.
But there is no need to use them while driving. Just wait until you stop or you will probably get into trou-ble of your own.
The question is: According to the passage ,if a driver needs 10 seconds to stop when driving normally, they will need   _  seconds to stop when talking on a mobile phone.
The possible answers are:
A:12
B:13
C:14
D:15Look, this is a photo of Mr. White's family. The man in the photo is Mr. White, the father. The woman is the mother. They have two daughters. The girl behind Mr. White is Mary. She's 14. The girl behind Mrs. White is Jane. She is 11. Mary and Jane are in the same school, but not the same grade. Mary is in Grade2. Jane is in Grade 1. They are good students.
The question is: How old are Mary and Jane?
The possible answers are:
A:Eleven and thirteen
B:Fourteen and eleven
C:Eleven
D:ThirteenThere was a robbery at City Central Bank last yesterday afternoon. Two men entered the bank at about 4 p.m. and told the bank teller on duty to give them $ 1,000,000. The robbers were carrying guns  and wearing black masks  to cover their faces. The robbers told all the customers  in the bank to lie down on the floor. Witnesses  said that everyone in the bank was very frightened and did what the robbers told them.
The teller agreed to give them the money but told them they'd have to wait a few minutes. She said the bank manager would have to get the money out of the safety. As the robbers were waiting for the money. the teller tried to press an alarm button  that was hidden under the counter. It was a silent alarm, so the robbers didn't realize it had been set off.
Just as the manager arrived with the money, ten police officers entered the bank. The robbers were very surprised that the officers caught them easily. The robbers are now in custody  , and will appear in court next week.
Police congratulated Miss Alston , the bank teller , on brave act. The bank manager said that he would give Miss Alston a week's vacation to thank her.
The question is: Everyone in the bank did what the robbers told them because   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:they were frightened
B:the robbers were very polite
C:the bank manager told them to
D:they knew the police were comingYou speak,write a letter,and make a telephone call. Your words carry a message. People communicate with words. Do you think you can communicate without words? A smile on your face shows you are happy or friendly. Tears in your eyes tell others that you are sad. When you raise your hand in class,the teacher knows you want to say something or ask questions. You shake your head,and people know you are saying "No". You nod and people know you are saying "Yes".
Other things can also carry messages. For example,a sign at the bus stop helps you to know which bus to take. A sign on the wall of your school helps you to find the library. Signs on doors tell you where to go in or out. Have you ever noticed that there are a lot of signs around you and that you receive messages from them all the time?
People can communicate in many other ways. An artist can use his drawings to tell about beautiful mountains,about the blue sea and many other things. Books are written to tell you about all the wonderful things in the world and also about people and their ideas. Books,magazines,TVs, radios and films all help us to communicate with each other. They all help us to know what is going on in the world and what other people are thinking about.
(Notes: communicate ;sign ,)
The question is: We can learn news from  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:newspapers
B:radios
C:TVs
D:A, B and C500 years ago in Britain, the burning of coal   was increasing in cities like London. Coal was used in factories and also used to heat homes. Coal, when burnt makes a lot of smoke, which makes the air very dirty.
About 200 years ago, the Industrial Revolution   began in Britain. Factories were built, and even more coal was burnt. Air pollution was becoming a really big problem.
Smoke and fog together make smog  . Smog was a big problem in London's winter. Because of the cold weather, more coal was burnt to warm houses and this made more smoke.
When smog stayed over a city, it became really hard to breathe and see clearly. In 1952, the Great London Smog happened and more than 4,000 people died because of the smog.
New laws   were made in 1956 and 1968 to stop such sad things from happening again. These laws were called the Clean Air Acts.
These laws were made so that air would become cleaner. The laws encouraged people to use less coal or _ other fuels such as gas. Factories started using tall chimneys   so that the smoke would go high up in the sky and no longer cover cities, and new factories were built in the countryside. Smog appeared less often and the air became cleaner.
The question is: From the passage, we learn that smog was a big problem in   _   in London.
The possible answers are:
A:spring
B:summer
C:autumn
D:winterI'm a Chinese girl. At school I have two good friends. Their names are Lucy and Lily. They are Americans. They are twins. They're eleven. They are good girls. Miss Gao is our English teacher. She is a good teacher. We like her very much. She likes us very much, too.
We go to school at seven in the morning. At four o'clock we play games. At four thirty in the afternoon we go home. We are very happy.
The question is: Miss Gao is   _
The possible answers are:
A:English
B:American
C:an English teacher
D:youngWe recycle  rubbish, so why not language? Recycling language means using vocabulary that you have learnt before again and again. However, unlike rubbish that piles up in our environment, if we do not recycle language, we simply forget it. So how do you recycle language?
There are basically three ways to do it. The first is through reading. Go back to your favourite articles and read them once more. Just reread them and do not worry about each vocabulary item. If there are some that you are not sure about, make a guess and you will probably guess right. The second way to recycle is through writing. Look at some of your favourite articles and write either a short paragraph or a few sentences in your own words. After you have done this a few times, go back and read through what you have written, checking vocabulary functions. Don't worry if you have made mistakes. That's how you learn. The third way to recycle language is by having an imaginary chat with yourself about your favourite articles at home. You can pretend there is someone with you who speaks English and tell him what you are thinking about or how you feel.
The question is: According to the passage, recycling language means   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:repeating vocabulary at times
B:revising vocabulary at a proper time
C:learning new vocabulary as much as possible
D:using vocabulary that we have learnt very oftenCan 13-year-olds do something to change the world? Cris Kesz Valdez, 13, from the Philippines believes so.
At the age of 7, Valdez set up an organization to give homeless kids things like slippers and toothbrushes. So far he has helped more than 10,000 children improve their lives in his hometown.
Valdez won the 2012 International Children's Peace Prize on September 19, 2012.
"My motto is 'we can change the world one heart at a time,' " Valdez said at the award ceremony.
In fact, Valdez is a homeless kid himself. He looked for food from trash, lived on the streets and slept in a public cemetery for most of his childhood. His parents didn't care about him and often beat him. Valdez said he felt he was living in " _ " at that time.
But this "darkness" didn't turn him into a dark person. Valdez got help from community workers. On his first birthday party, at the age of 7, Valdez decided what he wanted most was to help other children who were still living on the streets.
"I didn't have a lot of money, but I had a lot of love to give," Valdez explained.
That day was the birth of the organization, Championing Community Children. Since then, Valdez and his friends visit homeless children and hand out bags with slippers, toys and even candy. They nurse their wounds, teach them about their rights and offer them hope.
"I want children on the streets to get the same chance as I have," he said.
The question is: The prize Valdez won in September is called  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:the Laurens Prize
B:the International Children's Peace Prize
C:the Pulitzer Prize
D:the Noble PrizeBefore Christmas Mr Smith broke his right leg and had to stay in hospital. When he was there, he always asked his doctor when he could go home. He didn't like to spend Christmas in hospital. Though the doctor did his best, Mr Smith didn't get better. So on Christmas Day he was still in hospital. He spent a bad day in bed thinking that he missed a lot of fun on such a happy day.
The next day the doctor told him that he might be well enough to leave hospital in time for the New Year. Mr  Smith was very happy to think that he would spend New Year's Day outside hospital. Soon Mr Smith left hospital and on New Year's Eve he went to a party. He enjoyed himself there. But he drank too much. On his way home that night, he had a fall and broke his left leg. What a unlucky man he was!
The question is: Mr Smith would have to spend New Year's Day   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:at home
B:at a party
C:in hospital
D:outside hospitalA young man from a village called Nawalapitiya married a young woman from Maiyuwa, a small village. They lived with the man's big family-his parents, his brothers, their wives and children. The family kept an elephant, in which the woman soon took a great interest. Every day she fed it with fruit and sugar.
Three months later, having quarreled with her husband, the woman went back to her parents' home. Soon the elephant refused to eat and work. It appeared to be ill and heartbroken. One morning after several weeks the animal disappeared from the house.
It went to the woman's home. On seeing her, the elephant waved its trunk and touched her with it. The young woman was so moved by the act of the animal .So she went back to her husband's home.
The question is: The word "disappeared" in the reading means "  _  ".
The possible answers are:
A:ran away
B:stayed at home
C:hid
D:diedIt was Sunday yesterday. Tom and his mother were at home. Tom woke up late and sat on the bed watching TV. And he ate much chocolate. Then it was noon. Tom had to get up. Mother and Tom sat at the table. They were having their lunch. "The soup is not good. I don't want to have it," said Tom and put down his spoon  . Mother said nothing and took it away. After lunch, Mother and Tom worked in the garden There was much work to do, so Tom was tired and felt  hungry soon. His mother gave him nothing to eat.
In the evening, mother gave a bowl of soup to Tom "Oh, how delicious  !" said  Tom. "it's the same soup, Tom," said Mother with a smile.
The question is: Tom  _  in the morning.
The possible answers are:
A:ate nothing
B:worked in the garden
C:cooked the soup
D:watched TVWhen I was young,I liked to play jokes on people I knew, especially on my parents and friends. One day my mother was cooking and I was playing with my younger brother Tony. Suddenly I ran to my mother and said: "Tony fell from the open window!" She was very worried and ran out of the kitchen. Then I said: "Don't worry, I'm just joking." My mother shouted at me, "If you do it again, I'll hit you."
Another day I went swimming with my friends in the sea. I wanted to play a joke on them. In the beginning I swam fast and I called out "Help!". All my friends came to help me. However, they found that I was joking. But half an hour later I wasn't joking. I was so fast, soon I got tired and couldn't swim on in water. I tried my best to call my friends for help, but this time nobody came to help me.
In the end they found I was telling the truth. They came and saved my life. They took me to the hospital. This is the best lesson in my life. From then on I haven't joked on anyone.
The question is: When he was young, the writer liked to   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:play with his brother
B:help his mother cook
C:play jokes on people
D:go swimming with his friendsIt is the last day of June today. It is grandma's birthday. Father, mother and I go to see her.
My grandma lives with my uncle in a village not too far away. Uncle works there. Early in the morning we buy a birthday cake and some fruit and go to her home by bus.
Grandma and uncle are very glad to see us. We give the present to grandma and say, "Happy birthday to you!" She is very happy. Then we sit down to talk. Uncle goes to prepare lunch. The meal is very nice. We all enjoy it very much. At 4 o'clock, we say goodbye and go back home.
The question is: Grandma's birthday is    _   .         .
The possible answers are:
A:on May 1
B:on June 30
C:on June 31
D:on June 1Here are some easy tips for getting to sleep. They can help you deal with tension, stress and anxiety, and enjoy a good night sleep. Not every one of these tips alone will get you to sleep, but a few of them at least should be useful.
Get some physical exercise during the day. Even 15 minutes a day of exercise (at least half an hour before going to bed, so your body will have a chance to slow down) will give your body the activity and oxygen  it needs to help you relax more and sleep better.
Listen to the light music. Play some soft, smooth music that help you sleep. Of course you must have a recorder or CD player that will automatically  turn off because if you get up and turn it off in the end, it'll lose its effect.
Drink warm milk. A glass of warm milk 15 minutes before going to bed will keep you calm.
Keep regular bedtime hours. Your body likes regular routines ,.It likes to know that it's going to get up at the same time each day, eat at the same time, and go to bed at the same time. Keep far away from caffeine, alcohol and tobacco. Before you go to sleep, you'd better not drink coffee or cola which has caffeine. Don't drink wine, beer or champagne which has alcohol and don't smoke.
Don't watch TV or read before going to bed. Wait at least half an hour before going to bed after reading or watching TV.
The question is: According to the passage, we can infer  that the way of getting some physical exercise during the day is more effective for   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:sportsman
B:office workers
C:postmen
D:farmersDamini Bansal (14 years old)
Freedom is something different in everybody's way of thinking--a student would probably like to raise a revolt  against all the obnoxious  rules of his or her school and as a grown up one might want to have less responsibilities .
Freedom according to me is the power in me to make some of my life's decisions on my own. And this Independence Day   will be a lot more different than our first one in 1947 when people actually came to know what it was like to be free, for them it was the dawn of a new day, it was a day when they could do what they felt was right.
We have come far from all of this. We now no longer see the Independence Day as a day of very great importance for the students of my class (and most of the children of my age), and the most important value is that it is a holiday.
Arihant Jain (12 years old)
We can do anything we want like not going to school.
Everything should be free. We should not pay money to buy anything.
Can go anywhere I want...to the playground when exams are on.
Chatting on phone as long as I want.
To eat dinner outside everyday.
In school being able to play sports and not study.
Flying Kites.
The question is: What's the best title for this passage?
The possible answers are:
A:Freedom Is Not Important to Me
B:How Much Students Are Changing
C:What Freedom Means to Me
D:My Own DecisionsFirst Frenchman: I once heard someone shout, "Look out." I put my head out of a window and a glass of water fell on me. It seems that "look out" may mean "Don't look out."
Second Frenchman: I was once on a ship and heard the captain shout, "All hands on deck  . I put my hands on the deck and someone walked on them."
Third Frenchman: I once went early in the morning to the doctor's and his nurse came to the door and said, "he's not up yet. Come back in half an hour." When I went a second time for him, she said, "he's not down yet." I had to go away again. Later I thought the doctor should be in the house in the evening, so I went there once more. "Oh, how sorry I am! He's not in ! I'd better tell him to wait for you if you could come tomorrow." said the nurse.  "Well! He's not up, he is not down, and he is not in. please tell me where he stays!" I said angrily.
The question is: "Look out " here means  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:Help me.
B:A glass of water fell from the window.
C:Take care.
D:Put your head out of the window and look out.It is cold outside in winter, but winter is also an interesting season. You can do some outdoor winter activities for fun. It is important to choose  the right outdoor activity in winter. Playing outside won't make you sick. Before you go out to have fun, wear gloves, coats and warm socks and warm shoes. And you should drink enough water. Bring some water with you when you go outside in winter.
There are many outdoor activities you can do in winter. You can roll  snowballs and make a snowman with your friends or your family. Making a snowman is a good _ for little children. For elder ones, they can choose skating. _ can go to a skating class before going skating. Skiing and snowboarding  are also fun activities in winter. All your family can enjoy the activities. At last, hiking in winter can also be fun. But you should go with many people. Don't go alone.
The question is: When you go outside in winter, you should  _  according to   the article.
The possible answers are:
A:bring some water
B:bring a mobile phone
C:wear a watch
D:wear fewer clothesA good reader is very much like a driver. He must change his reading speed to fit what he is reading and what he is reading for, just as a driver does to fit the road situation.
A good reader may read at 1,000 WPM(... )when he looks for something for a report in the library. But once he finds what he needs, he may slow down to 100 WPM. A good reader may read newspapers and story books at 600 WPM. But he may read his science or maths books at 150 WPM. Just as a driver has a wide change of driving speed, so a good reader has a wide change of reading speed.
The question is: A good reader may read fastest  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:when he reads newspapers and story books
B:when he reads something most useful to him
C:when he is trying to work out a maths problem
D:when he is trying to find something for his reportAmerican children have exciting after-school life, a new study says. Many junior and senior students have lots of funny things to do in their free time. More than 57% have activities every day. 82% have activities at least four times a week. American students spend their free time doing sports, or enjoying arts, music and dancing. They like to have life outside school because they can make a lot of friends during their activities.
The question is: What are American children's life like after school?
The possible answers are:
A:Unhappy.
B:Exciting.
C:Boring.
D:Unhealthy.Alice is a white dog. She is two.Bob is a brown dog. Bob and Alice are good friends. Look at the two dogs.
Bob:Good morning!
Alice: Good morning!
Bob:What's this?
Alice: It's a jacket. It's my sister's. Oh, my sister is Grace.
Bob:What's that?
Alice:It's a book. It's Miss Miller's book. She is an English teacher.
Bob:Well,dogs don't like books.
The question is: Miss Miller is an  _  teacher.
The possible answers are:
A:Chinese
B:English
C:math
D:scienceMrs. Black and her daughter Jane are in a store.   (: Clerk )
Clerk:Can I help you?
Mrs. Black: I want a sweater for my daughter.
Clerk: What color does she like?
Mrs. Black (to Jane): What color do you like, dear?
Jane: I like yellow.
Clerk: Do you like this one?
Jane: Yes, it's really beautiful. How much is it?
Clerk: 80 dollars.
Mrs. Black: It's too expensive  . 
Clerk: Look at this blue one. It's only 30 dollars.
Mrs. Black: I think the blue one is nice , too.
Jane: But, Mom, I don't like blue.
Mrs. Black: OK, we'll take the yellow one.
Jane: Thank you, Mom.
Clerk: Here you are.
Mrs. Black: Thanks.
Clerk: You're welcome.
The question is: Which sweater(s) do they buy?
The possible answers are:
A:The yellow one.
B:The blue one.
C:The blue one and the yellow one.
D:They don't buy any  one.Would you completely trust your friends if you couldn't see anything? If you are falling, do you believe they will catch you and help you stand up? Our teacher helped us to find the answer.
Our teacher is named Morrie. One day, he said that he had a game for us to try. He divided us into two groups. One of the students from the first group, stands in front of us with his eyes closed, and then falls backwards . The second group stand behind him. Before he falls on the floor, they should catch him and not let him get hurt. Most of us were uncomfortable with this. We were afraid that they wouldn't catch us and we would hit the floor. So we didn't move. We just stood there and laughed in embarrassment .
Finally, one student, thin, quiet, dark-haired girl called Sarah, decided to move. She crossed her arms in front of her body, closed her eyes, and slowly fell backwards. She looked quiet but brave.
For a moment, I was sure she was going to fall on the floor. But before she hit the floor, the other students caught her, held her and finally helped her stand up.
"Whoa!!" we were all surprised, and also encouraged. The girl was happy, too. Seeing this, Morrie smiled and said to the girl, "When you close your eyes, you can't see anything. You won't feel safe. When you are falling, the feeling gets stronger. You are not sure whether you will hit the cold, hard floor or the warm, soft hands of your friends. But if you are brave enough to trust them, they won't let you down."
The question is: The writer thought the girl was   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:strong but shy
B:active
C:quiet but brave
D:carelessThe Flying Hat    By Shannon Blackman
"The most _ story I've ever read. I couldn't help laughing after I finished it. Be ready to laugh your heart out."                            Willy King, Best Book winner
"It's a story that makes you smile in your dreams. Blackman's excellent writing cheers you up."
The Tide, London
"One of the best-selling books of the year. More than two million copies have been sold."
The Sunday Reader, New York
"This book has become the talk of the country. The story is making its way into movie theaters. I can't wait to see it!"                                  Marian Miller, author of Ms. Lilly
The question is: Who is the writer of The Flying Hat?
The possible answers are:
A:Marian Miller
B:Willy King
C:Shannon Blackman
D:Ms. LilyEarly to bed, early to rise , makes a man healthy, wealthy and wise.
This is an old English saying. Have you heard it before? It means that we must go to bed early in the evening and get up early in the morning. If we do, we shall be healthy. We shall also be rich (wealthy) and clever (wise).
Is this true? Perhaps it is. The body must have enough sleep. Children need ten hours' sleep every night. If you do not go to bed early, you cannot have enough sleep. Then you cannot think properly and you cannot do your work properly. You will not be wise and you may not become wealthy!
Some people go to bed late at night and get up late in the morning. This is not good for them. We must sleep at night when it is dark. The dark helps us to sleep properly, When the daylight comes, we must get up. This is the time for exercise. Exercise means doing things with the body. Walking, running, jumping, swimming, and playing games are all exercise. If the body is not used, it becomes weak. Exercise keeps it strong. Exercise helps the blood  to move around inside the body. This is very important. The brains in our heads also need blood. We think with our brains. If we keep our bodies healthy, and take exercise, we can think better.
Our bodies also need air to breathe. Without air we die. We must have a lot of clean, fresh air to breathe if we want to be healthy.
The question is: Exercise makes the body  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:weak
B:strong
C:clever
D:tiredGerman scientists say that eating a little chocolate every day may keep you away from cardiovascular  disease. The scientists have found that chocolate, especially dark chocolate , can help you cut down 39 percent of heart disease, including taking a very small amount . However, the study advises people not to eat too much chocolate, because too much chocolate is bad for our bodies. So the scientists advise people to eat small amount of chocolate instead of sugar or high-fat snacks.
Scientists said, "Dark chocolate shows the greatest effects, milk chocolate fewer , and white chocolate no effects." The results showed chocolate may cut down blood pressure, but they also say that further study is needed.
In the eight-year study, people's daily diet, exercise habits, and blood pressure were studied in 19,357 persons aged 35 to 65. They found that people who are an average of 7.5 grams of chocolate a day had a very lower chance of heart disease than those who ate much less chocolate , and average of 1.7 grams a day.
The question is: From the passage, we know that   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:chocolate was popular in Germany before
B:chocolate is good for us, but we should not eat too much
C:eating 1.7 grams of chocolate each time is the best
D:people aged 35 had better not eat chocolateSydney Tower
Address: 100 Market St, Sydney
Phone: 02 93339222
Fax: 02 93339203
Open time: 9:00 am to 10:30 pm (Saturdays to 11:30 pm)
Ticket: $ 60 (for an adult) $ 30 (for a child)
Website: www. Sydneytower. com. au
How to get there: train to Town Hall Station and a short walk along Market Street
How to book tickets: by phone / fax or through the Web
Attraction: Sydney's best views are just the beginning! Sydney Tower takes you to the highest point above Sydney for exciting 360deg views of our beautiful city.
The question is: Frank wants to go to Sydney Tower with his two children, he will pay   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:$ 60
B:$ 90
C:$ 150
D:$120"Last week was Road Safety Week at Jason's school. All the students had to take part in a talk on road safety which was given by a police officer. The following is what the police officer said. "
"Most traffic accidents shouldn't happen. They happen because people are careless. A frequent cause of traffic accidents is speed. Some people drive too quickly. This means that if they have to stop suddenly, they cannot stop quickly enough to avoid  hitting other vehicles  or people. You need to remember this when you are crossing the street or walking along the sidewalk. "
"It's not only drivers who cause accidents, however. People on foot-pedestrians, and bicycle riders often cause accidents, too. Pedestrians sometimes walk out into the street without looking. You should always look on both sides before stepping into the street. "
"Do any of you ride a bike? Bicycle riders can cause accidents by changing directions suddenly or without warning other road users. Before you turn left, for example, you should check behind you to make sure there aren't any cars, trucks or buses coming. You should show with your left hand to tell that you want to turn left. You should not turn until the street is clear. "
"The rules of the road are very simple. If we learn them and obey  them, we should not have accidents any more. "
The question is: Why do most traffic accidents happen?
The possible answers are:
A:Because people stop their cars suddenly.
B:Because people don't know the rules.
C:Because people don't care if they have an accident.
D:Because people are careless.Food is colorful. Some food is green, some food is red, and some is black. Now more and more people like to have black food--black rice, black beans, black grapes. Why do they like black food?
* Black food can make grey hair into black hair.
* Black food is good for the heart. 
* Black food can help children become smart.
* Black food can also help women look young.
Black food is very good, but we need food with different colors. Doctors say that it isn't good to be _ about food. So we had better eat all kinds of food.
The question is: Now more and more people like to have   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:red food
B:green food
C:black food
D:riceIn the mid 1990s, people started doing business on the Internet. At that time, there were two kinds of companies. First, there were traditional companies which sold things in stores. Then, there were Internet companies which didn't have stores, they sold things only over the Net.
Traditional companies didn't want to lose any business. Quickly, they created their own websites and began selling things over the Net. These are the so-called "brick and click" companies. Many stores are made of brick, and you click on your mouse to buy things with your computer. That's where the name "brick and click" comes from.
By the late 1990s, e-businesses like Amazon.com, Buy.com, and eToys.com were in trouble. Their profits  were not very high, and there was a lot of competition. Many of these businesses lost a lot of money, and in 2000, many e-businesses were out of business.
In the world of e-commerce , companies are fighting for every dollar and every customer. Will brick and click companies win the war? Only time will tell.
The question is: Which would be a brick and click company?
The possible answers are:
A:A clothing company with no website.
B:A bookseller with five stores and an Internet site.
C:A video seller with a big website but no stores.
D:A restaurant.You are probably familiar with the saying:An apple a day keeps the doctor away. A recent research carried out by the Chinese University of Hong Kong may change the saying:
An apple a day may keep aging away.
The research chose fruit flies , as they share many genes with humans. The fruit flies were either fed normally or had an apple extract  added to their diet.
It turned out that those fruit flies that were given apple extract lived about 55 days--five days longer than the flies that were normally fed. The research group also found it easier for the flies to walk,climb and move about as they aged.
According to the result, the researchers believed that the antioxidants  in the apple extract helped clean up dangerous chemicals  that cause illnesses,as well as aging.
In another study,researchers examined diets of thousands of women. They discovered that those who regularly ate apples were 20 percent less likely to suffer heart illnesses and stroke.
The apples' genetic code  was discovered recently. It allows scientists to develop nicer and healthier fruits. Researchers are already using the information to grow a kind of apples full of antioxidants that can keep eyes and joints healthy and protect humans against heart illnesses and cancer.
Apples that kill the desire  to eat could also be produced, with the first"extra-healthy''apples on supermarket shelves within just four or five years.
The team that keeps studying apple DNA includes 100 scientists from five countries. Their research also suggests that around 65 million years ago, when dinosaurs began to die off the plant,which would finally become today's apple tree, experienced a great genetic change. The number of many of its genes doubled. The extra genes allowed the apple to get used to worse conditions and go through a different development from peaches,strawberries and other related fruits.
The question is: What happened to apples around 65 million years ago according to the research?
The possible answers are:
A:Their genes stopped their development as the environment got worse.
B:Their genes became twice in number but they finally died off like dinosaurs.
C:They experienced a great genetic change making them get used to worse conditions.
D:They went through a similar development to peaches, strawberries and other related fruits.(Some classmates are talking about their weekend.)
Linda: I stayed at home and studied over the weekend. I studied for my English test on Saturday. Yesterday I wrote a geography paper. In the evening I talked to my pen pal   on the phone. What did you do?
Tim: I had a good time. On Saturday morning I played tennis, in the afternoon I went to the beach, and in the evening I went to Nancy's birthday party. On Sunday I went to the mountains with my friends.
Mary: Oh, your weekend was great. But mine was boring. I stayed at home the whole  weekend. I cleaned my room and washed my clothes. I even watered the flowers. And only in the evening I watched TV for a short time. Did you go out, Dave?
Dave: No, I didn't. I stayed at home and watched TV on Saturday. Yesterday I watched a movie on TV, Fearless. It was very exciting.
The question is: Who only watched TV over weekend?
The possible answers are:
A:Dave.
B:Mary.
C:Both Dave and Mary.
D:No one.Long ago there was a man with the name Smith. He made a living by making caps. One day he went to sell his caps. He went through a forest. There were many monkeys in it. It was very hot. The man is very tired and wanted to have a rest. He came up to a large tree, put his caps on the ground, took one of them and put it on his head. Then he lay down and soon fell asleep.
"Where are my caps?" Smith cried when he woke up.He looked up and saw many monkeys in the tree and each monkey had a cap on its head.
"Give me back my caps!" the man shouted at the monkeys.But the monkeys didn't understand him.They only laughed.The man got angry,took off his own cap,threw it on the ground and cried,"If you want all my caps,you may take this one,too!"
And what do you think happened?The little animals did the same. Each monkey took off its cap and threw it on the ground. The man was very glad. He quickly collected all his caps and went on his way.
The question is: When the man woke up,he found   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:each monkey had a cap on its head
B:some monkeys were stealing his caps
C:the monkeys were laughing at him
D:a monkey had stolen his cap and tried it onDear Jenny,
How are you? Thanks for your last letter.
I like English and Maths, too. I think they're interesting and useful . Our school is over at 3:40 p. m. every day and I can get home at 4 o'clock, but I don't go home at once .
On Monday afternoon, I have a violin lesson from 4:00 to 5:00. I like sports, and I'm in the school basketball team with our P. E. teacher on Tuesday afternoon. On Wednesday afternoon, I go shopping with my parents. We buy a lot of food and fruits, and I like eating them very much. On Thursday, I often watch TV at home after school. I like Sports World very much
On Saturday we don't have classes. I often sing in an art school. I like singing and I can sing better now. I usually go to the park or have a rest at home on Sunday. I'm busy every day, but I'm very happy because I have fun in my life.
Yours,
Alice
The question is: What does Alice often do on Saturday?
The possible answers are:
A:She often plays the violin
B:She often goes to the park.
C:She often has a rest at home.
D:She often sings in an art school.There are four seasons in China.March, April and May make the spring.June, July and August make the summer season.September, October and November make the autumn season.The rest of months make the winter season.
The Australia seasons are the opposite of ours.When it's spring in China, it is autumn in Australia.
Australia is in the south of the earth.June, July and August are the winter months.The summer is in December, January and February.It's very hot there, too.
Near the North Pole there are two seasons.The winter nights are long.For more than two months you can't see the sun, even at noon.The summer days are long.For more that two months, the sun never sets , and there's no night.
The question is: Near the North Pole there are two seasons:  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:spring and summer
B:summer and winter
C:summer and autumn
D:spring and winterOur new foreign students are going to arrive very soon, and here are some ways to communicate with them politely.
How close do you stand when you talk to a friend? You can stand close to people in the Middle East but don't stand too close to North Americans! Give them more personal space.
Do you know How to _ people correctly? Chinese girls often walk arm in arm with their friends. South Americans sometimes hold your arm when they talk to you, so you can't move away! But in Britain many people don't like other people to touch them at all.
Do you look at people when you talk? In some places, it isn't polite to look at people when you talk, but in other countries it isn't polite to look somewhere else. In Britain and the US, people usually look at each other when they talk.
And how do you say goodbye? That's easy, wave  to say goodbye. But be careful! In Greece, it's not at all polite! In fact, it's very rude!
The question is: What's the best title of this passage?
The possible answers are:
A:Saying goodbye
B:Touching people
C:Looking at people
D:communicating politelyThe idea of what shaking the head means is not always the same in different countries. Maybe some visitors would be surprised when they first come to India. When they talk to an Indian, they would find he would often shake his head. The visitors might think that the Indian doesn't like what they say. But in fact, they would be completely wrong.
Indians always shake their heads when they talk to others. It doesn't mean "No". If someone wants to visit India, he should know this, or he will be in trouble.
One day, a foreign officer went to India on business. He hired a car and asked an Indian to drive him. When he told his driver to take him to his office, the Indian shook his head at once. The officer said again and the driver shook his head again. At last the officer, of course, got angry.
"How dare you refuse my order?" he shouted, "Drive me to my office at once!"
The driver answered in quite a loud voice, too. "Yes, sir!" But to the officer's surprise, the driver shook his head at the same time.
The car started and the foreign officer was now too surprised to say a word. He thought about it for a while, and then he nodded with a smile, "'No' means 'Yes' here!"
The question is: What should you do in India if you agree with somebody?
The possible answers are:
A:Shake your head.
B:Nod your head.
C:Speak in a loud voice.
D:Say it again and again."Whoosh!" The ball flew into the net and the game was finally over. This game had gone into overtime   twice. Until the last goal was scored, no one had any idea which team would win.
Dave felt so bad because his team had lost. He liked playing soccer, but he liked winning even more. Now the two teams should have a picnic together. Dave did not want to eat lunch with the other team. The other team would probably brag   by talking about how they won the game.
Dave went to the locker room   to change out of his soccer clothes. There the coach talked to the team about what they had done well. They also talked about how they could improve. Then everybody walked outside towards the picnic table.
One of the players from the other team was standing near the picnic table. He handed Dave a paper plate. "Hi, I'm Miguel," he said.
"Hi," Dave replied, looking down at the ground.
"You played great," Miguel said. "I didn't think we were going to win."
Dave was surprised. Miguel was not bragging at all.
"Thanks," Dave said to Miguel. "You played great, too."
Dave felt happy. Dave promised himself that the next time his team won a game, he would not brag to the other team. It was wonderful to win, but it was even more important to be a good winner.
The question is: Based on the story, what would probably happen in the future?
The possible answers are:
A:Miguel would brag the next time his team won.
B:Dave would not brag the next time his team won.
C:Dave's team would win the next soccer game.
D:Miguel's team would not play against Dave's team again.In 1995,Oseola McCarty gave a present of $150 000 to the University of Southern Mississippi. She wanted to help poor students. It was a very generous thing to do. But her friends and neighbors were surprised. McCarty was a good woman. She went to church. She was always friendly and helpful. But everyone in her town knew that McCarty was not rich. In fact,she was poor.
How did a poor 86-year-old woman have so much money? Oseola McCarty was born in 1908 in Hattiesburg,Mississippi. She had to leave school when she was eight years old to help her family. She took a job washing clothes. She earned only a few dollars a day. Oseola washed the clothes by hand. Then she hung the clothes to dry. She did this for nearly 80 years. In the 1960s,she bought an automatic washer and dryer. But she gave them away. She did not think they got the clothes clean enough!At that time,many people started to buy their own washers and dryers. McCarty did not have much work, so she started to iron clothes instead.
McCarty never married or had children. Her life was very simple. She went to work and to church. She read her Bible  . She had a black-and-white television. But she did not watch it very much. It had only one channel.
McCarty saved money all her life and eventually had about $250 000. When she was 86,a lawyer helped her make a will. She left money to the church,her relatives,and the university. McCarty just wanted to help others. She did not think she was a special person. But then people found out about her present to the university. She received many honors  . She even flew in an airplane for the first time!Oseola McCarty died in 1999. She was a shy and ordinary woman who became famous.
,.
The question is: Which of the following is true?
The possible answers are:
A:McCarty had to work to help her family after school every day.
B:McCarty learned to read the Bible by herself in the school.
C:McCarty made one third of her money by washing and ironing clothes.
D:McCarty did not have her own family because she had no husband or children.For many years, Yang Shanzhou was the local party secretary in a remote, mountainous village in southwest China's Yunnan Province. Though he could live a better life in the city, he still decided to move even further into the mountains, and devoted himself to greening the land. He passed away in 2010, but his story lives on.
A blanket of green - And it all started with a surprising decision made by Yang Shanzhou back in 1988.
The 62 year old decided to return to his hometown in Daliang Mountain, to bring green back to the _ hills. Along with fifteen other people, Yang settled down deep in the mountains and began to work on his plan.
It was a life that was harder than most people could ever imagine.
Su Jiaxiang, Yang Shanzhou's secretary, said, "I went to visit him several times. He didn't even have decent shoes and it was very cold at night. But you know he was almost seventy!"
In 2010, Yang Shanzhou passed away. He was buried in Daliang Mountain, according to his will. More than twenty years has passed since he first began his planting in the mountains.The hills are now covered with kinds of trees. By planting trees, Yang Shanzhou also planted hope. This hidden hero left his local government with a priceless legacy.
The question is: Yang Shanzhou lived in   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:Jiangsu
B:Guizhou
C:Yunnan
D:GuangxiAn ant was drinking at a small river and fell in. She tried her best to reach the side, but she couldn't move at all. The poor ant got too tired but was still doing her best when a big bird saw her. What a luck! The bird threw a piece of wood in the water. With it the ant reached the bank again. While she was resting and drying herself in the grass, she heard a man coming up. He was walking without shoes on his feet and with a gun in his hand. As soon as he saw the bird, he wanted to kill her, and he would certainly do so, but the ant bite him on one of his feet and at the moment the bird flew away at once.
The question is: What happened to the ant?
The possible answers are:
A:She fell in the water
B:She wanted to swim
C:She was thirsty
D:She was eatingIt's important for us to be healthy. But how can we keep healthy?  First,you should eat fruit and vegetables  three or four times a week. Then eat some tofu every day because it's good for people, both the young and the old. Milk is also necessary ,especially for  women. So you should have milk twice a day. It can help  you to be strong. Next, doing more exercise is better. You can do morning exercises or evening exercises. After supper you should take a walk.
The question is: You should have milk  .
The possible answers are:
A:four times a day
B:five times a week
C:twice a day
D:twice a weekEnjoy wonderful programmes on Hello TV
7.00 a.m.-8.00 a.m.
Follow Billy
As Billy grows up, his tail is becoming longer and longer. He is worried about it very much and wants to ask someone for help. It is said there is an old man in the forest. He has magic power to do everything. Billy decided to visit him. You can have an adventure   in the forest with Billy and learn some useful English vocabulary from it.
10.00 a.m.-11.00 a.m.
Best Friends
It is about two kids ----Jane and Alice. They are good friends and always trust and support each other. After watching this drama series, you will know the magic of friendship.
5.00 p.m-6.30 p.m.
World Sport
This is a sports round-up for kids. It covers the recent important sporting events. There are also interviews with some young sports stars. They are hard-working and full of dreams. By answering questions on the phone, you can get some sports posters.
The question is: If someone wants to learn English, which programme is the best?
The possible answers are:
A:World sport
B:Best Friends
C:Hello TV
D:Follow Billy.Ladies and Gentlemen, thank you. Well, ni-hao. (Laughter) It is such a pleasure and an honor to be here with all of you at this great university, so thank you so much for having me. I'm here today because I know that our future depends on connections like these among young people like you across the world.
That's why when my husband and I travel abroad, we don't just visit palaces and parliaments  and meet with heads of countries. We also come to schools like this one to meet with students like you, because we believe that relationships between countries aren't just about relationships between governments or leaders -- they're about relationships between people, particularly young people. So we view study abroad programs not just as an educational chance for students, but also as an active part of America's foreign policy .
Through the wonders of modern technology, our world is more connected than ever before. Ideas can cross oceans with the click of a mouse. Companies can do business and _ with companies across the world. And we can text, email, Skype with people in the world.
So studying abroad isn't just a fun way to spend a time of learning; it is quickly becoming the key to success in our times. Because getting ahead in today's workplaces isn't just about getting good grades or test scores in school, which are important. It's also about having real experience with the world beyond your borders -- experience with languages, cultures and societies very different from your own. Or, as the Chinese saying goes: "It is better to travel ten thousand miles than to read ten thousand books."
The question is: The passage shows that the world's future depends on  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:getting good grades
B:traveling abroad
C:connections among young people
D:texts and emailsThe 31st Summer Olympics will be held in Brazil in 2016. Before this global sporting event, we started thinking about sports that didn't exist any more and sports that were maybe a little strange. Read the following ones that have ever been included in the past Olympic Games.
Live Pigeon Shooting (1900)
This bloody event was only held once, at the 1900 Paris Games. Nearly 300 birds were killed during the competition, leaving a crime scene of feathers and blood. This is the only event in Olympic history that involved killing live animals.
Kabaddi (1936)
This sport is popular in South Asia. The object is for one member of a team to enter the other side's half of the field, and score points. The attacker then returns to his half of the field.
12 Hour Bicycle Race (1896)
Seven riders got on their bikes at 5 a.m. and rode until 5 p.m. Four riders dropped out before noon, but the winner, Adolf Schmal of Austria, managed about 180 miles. Only Schmal and one other finished.
Tug of War (1900--1920)
This may seem like a basic PE class sport more than an Olympic event, but Tug of War was actually one of the first sports played at the Olympic games in 500 BC.
There are two teams of eight; the winning team must pull the other team six feet forward.
Swimming Obstacle Race (1900)
The athletes had to climb over a pole   and a row of boats, and then swim under another row of boats. All of this was done in the Seine River, so they also had to fight against the water. This event was only ever held in 1900, in Paris.
The question is: What do you probably think of these events?
The possible answers are:
A:Strange.
B:Fantastic.
C:Modern.
D:Interesting.Weather Facts around the world
The wettest place: Tutunendo, Colombia, has an average of 11,700 mm of rain every year.
The hottest place: The average temperature in Dallol, Ethiopia, is 34degC.
The foggiest place: There is fog in some place on the new foundland coast of Canada for an average of 120 days a
Year The cloudiest place: For 182 days every year there is no sunshine at the South Pole because clouds cover the area. The Sunniest place: In Yuma, Arizona, in the United States, the sun shines 90 per cent of the time.
The windiest place: In parts of Antarctica, winds often reach 320 km an hour.
The driest place: Arica, in the north of Chile, has less than 0.1 mm of rain each year.
The coldest place: The average temperature in one area of America is -58degC.
The question is: Why do we say Tutunendo is the wettest place in the world?
The possible answers are:
A:Because there is a lot of water around it.
B:Because it rains very often there.
C:Because there is rain for an average of 120 days a year there.
D:Because it's near Antarctica.Kate White has a big family. There are   nine people. Her grandfather's name is James White. He is a doctor. Her grandmother's name is Alice White. She is a housewife . They have a son and a daughter. Her father's name is Thomas White and he is an actor. Her mother's name is Jenny White and she is a nurse. Kate is 13 years old and she is a junior high school student. She has a little brother, Jimmy. Jimmy is three. Charles in her uncle, and Casey is her aunt. They are teachers. They have a baby. His name is Tommy. Kate likes her family very much.
,.
The question is: What does Kate's father do?
The possible answers are:
A:A teacher.
B:A worker.
C:An actor.
D:A farmer.When you discuss about eating out with your friend, first of all, you must make it clear who will pay for the meal.If somebody suggests having lunch with his friend, he might simply say something like this "I'm afraid it'll have to be some place nearby ,as I have little money." The other person may say. "OK. I'll meet you at  Mcdonald's." This means he has agreed that the two will go Dutch, that is, each person pays for himself. He may say "Oh, no. I want to take you for lunch at Johnson's " This means the person is to pay the  bill for both of them. Although the other person is pleased with the invitation, there is one reason why he shouldn't accept it by simply saying "Thank you."
American customs are much the same as those in other parts of the world. American women used to expect men to pay for all the meals. But today, some of them like to. However, if a woman is asked to attend a dinner or a dance outside, the invitaton itself means "Come as my guest". So, as you see, it is a polite thing to make the situation clear at the very beginning.
The question is: Which of the following is the best title?
The possible answers are:
A:Eating out
B:American customs
C:Where to eat
D:Who pays the billTo Make Everybody Happy
Peter's uncle lives in the country. Once in summer, Peter goes to stay with him for a few weeks. Whenever they go for a walk or for a drive in the car and pass somebody, his uncle waves to the passer-by. Peter is surprised and says, "Uncle Georage, you seem to know everybody here. Where did you meet them all?"
"I don't know all these people." answers his uncle. "Then why do you wave to them?" "Well, Peter ," says his uncle "When I wave to someone who knows me, he is pleased. He goes on his journey with a happier heart. But when I wave to someone who doesn't know me , he is surprised and says to himself, ' Who is that man? Why did he wave to me?' So he has something to think about during the rest of his journey, and that makes his journey seem shorter.So.I.make.everybody.happy.
The question is: George waves to every passer - by  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:to make everybody happy
B:to make Peter happy
C:only to make joke
D:to make himself happyWe are learning English, but how can we learn English well? A student can know a lot about English, but maybe he can't speak English.
If you want to know how to swim, you must get into the river. And if you want to be a football player, you must play football. So, you see, you can learn by using it. You must listen to your teacher carefully in class. You must speak English to your classmates every day and also you must write something in English. Then one day you may find your English is very good.
The question is: You must get into the water   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:to learn how to swim
B:to skate
C:to jump
D:to playAll students need to have good habits  : When you have good study habits, you can learn things quickly. You can also remember   them easily.
Do you like to study in the living room? This is not a good place because it is usually too noisy. You need to study in a quiet place, like your bedroom. A quiet place will help you only think about one thing, and you will learn better.
Before you study, do not forget to clean your desk. A good desk light is important  , too. You'll feel tired easily if   there is not enough light.
The question is: The living room is not a good place for study because it is too   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:quiet
B:noisy
C:good
D:cleanHi! I am Jack. I am thirteen years old. I'm an English boy. Now I'm in China with my parents. I go to a middle school in Tianjin. This is my school day.
I get up at half past six. I go to school at seven o'clock and I go to school in my dad's car. I want to walk to school, but the school is far from my home. I usually eat breakfast in the car. School starts   at half past seven in the morning. We have five lessons in the morning and we have four lessons in the afternoon. I go home at six o'clock. I eat dinner at seven o'clock. I do my homework at half past seven. After that, I play the guitar. I go to bed at nine thirty.
This is my school day. It is happy!
The question is: Which of the following is TRUE?
The possible answers are:
A:Jack is 14 years old.
B:Jack has nine classes a day.
C:Jack doesn't like his school day.
D:Jack gets up at 6:00 in the morning.Are you still doing the V for victory sign? It's out. The latest popular hand gesture is to curl both of your hands and put them together to make a heart shape.
Known as "Hand heart", many young stars in the US including Justin Bieber, Blake Lively and Taylor Swift have done the gesture in recent photos.
"The heart hand gesture means something between I love you and thank you." said the country singer Taylor Swift. It's a sweet, easy message which you can send without saying a word."
Taylor Swift often puts her hands above her head in the heart shape at her concerts. And she is believed to be the first to make the gesture popular. Last month during a charity show, Justin Bieber and his superstar friends did the hand heart and put the photo online. They did it to help three kids whose parents were killed in a car accident. The gesture became more popular after that.
"It used to take longer for nonverbal culture to move. But now, with smart phones and the Internet, it's much faster," said Patti Wood, an American language expert .
In our neighbor country--South Korea, the hand heart has been popular for a long time. In a different way, people there like making a "bigger heart" by putting their hands above their heads and making a heart shape with their arms. It means "I love you."
The question is: From the passage we can learn that  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:the V gesture is not popular now
B:the hand heart gesture only means--I love you
C:it takes longer for nonverbal culture to move now
D:people in South Korea don't like the gestureDon't  you  want to go to school? You could tell your parents you're ill. But last Monday, students from Shanghai and Zhejiang had an even better excuse: a typhoon !
Typhoon Khanun hit East China on September 11. In Shanghai, all the school were closed the next day, Monday.
It was the first time that Shanghai had to close schools because of  bad weather.
But some students still came to school that day. " I didn't get the notice that the school was closing," said Shen Sheng, a Junior 2 student from Shanghai Aiguo School. " But it was nice that we could play in school rather than study."
The school kept Shen and other 20 students safe inside and let them play sports like table tennis.
But the storm wasn't all fun games. Typhoon Khanun killed 14 people. In Zhejiang, it _ about 8,000 houses. More than one million people had to be taken to safer places.
Every year, typhoons hit different places around the world. Most happen in July, August and September. This year 15 typhoons hit China. Khanun was the strongest. Typhoons bring strong winds and rains. The winds can blow away houses and cars. The rains are bad for farmers' fields.
Typhoon also kills people. Earlier this month, Typhoon Talim hit East and Central China. It killed at least 124 people.
The question is: According to the passage, which of the following is TRUE?
The possible answers are:
A:If a typhoon hits, many students shouldn't go to school or go out.
B:More than one million people were killed in Zhejiang that day.
C:Every year, 15 typhoons hit different places around the world.
D:Typhoons do a lot of harm to farmers' fields and human beings.The City Mouse and the Country Mouse
Once there were two mice. They were friends. One mouse lived in the country; the other mouse lived in the city. After many years the Country mouse saw the City mouse; he said, "Do come and see me at my house in the country." So the City mouse went. The City mouse said, "This food is not good, and your house is not good. Why do you live in a hole in the field? You should come and live in the city. You would live in a nice house made of stone. You would have nice food to eat. You must come and see me at my house in the city."
The Country mouse went to the house of the City mouse. It was a very good house. Nice food was set ready for them to eat. But just as they began to eat they heard a great noise. The City mouse cried, "Run! Run! The cat is coming!" They ran away quickly and hid.
After some time they came out. When they came out, the Country mouse said, "I do not like living in the city. I like living in my hole in the field. For it is nicer to be poor and happy, than to be rich and afraid."
The question is: The story is about   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:two mice
B:two cities
C:two countries
D:A mouse and a catEditor's note: do you care about the environment  ? Have you ever wanted to help protect it ? Well read on, as this month we're going to hear from overseas teens about what they do to help the environment.
I can't remember when I started collecting litter . But it was when I got tired of seeing litter near my home and realized that no one else was going to pick it up.
I live close to a forest in Ohio, America. I can walk there in three minutes!
I used to love going there to play with my dog. But one day there was so much litter there that I became very unhappy. I decided I had to clean up the forest. I wanted to feel happy going there again.
I made my first trip to clean the forest that afternoon. I took a big black rubbish bag with me. Ten minutes after starting to pick up litter, my bag was full! It had cans, bottles, broken glass and newspapers in it.
Since that first trip three years ago. I've gone to the forest four times a year to pick up litter. I'm often there for three hours. It makes me feel great to do something for the environment.
After each trip, I look at all the litter I've found. If any of it is recyclable , I keep it.I can't understand why people drop litter. But I will keep picking it up until they stop dropping it.
I know I am only doing a small bit to help the earth, but I still think it is important.
The question is: When did the writer make the first trip to clean the forest?
The possible answers are:
A:When he was ten years old.
B:Three years ago.
C:When he went to a forest.
D:When he was playing with his dog.What would you do if you found a snake in your house? Many people might be afraid or try to kill it. However, if you live in North Carolina in the USA, one thing you can do is to call the Snake Catchers.
The Snake Catchers are four men who love snakes, even poisonous ones. Their newspaper advertisement says, "Snake Catchers: free snake removal Please do not kill them -- Call us. "
The Snake Catchers, who started their service in 1998, don't charge anything for helping people. "We do this as a hobby," explained Fred Johnson, one of the Snake Catchers.
Because of their love of snakes, the Snake Catchers try to keep them alive. "One man asked us to kill a python , so he could make a pair of boots from the skin. We refused, because we like snakes, and we don't want to see them killed, " said Fred.
Some of the snakes that they catch are kept as pets; some are given to the North Carolina State University. Most, including the poisonous snakes, are set free in the wild, usually in a national park.
Fred suggests that people should treat snakes with care. "Actually snakes are very shy and gentle creatures. They only attack if they are frightened. However, you have to know how to treat a snake properly!"
According to one happy family, the Snake Catchers are good. One day, the Greenwood family found a snake skin in the kitchen. They looked very carefully and saw a snake sleeping behind a cupboard. They thought about what to do. Then Steve Greenwood remembered the advertisement for the Snake Catchers. He called them.
"The Snake Catchers arrived within an hour and they finished the job quickly too," said Steve Greenwood. "One of them went into the kitchen, found the snake and took it out alive. The Snake Catchers did a very good job."
Last year, the Snake Catchers removed more than seventy snakes from houses in North Carolina.
The question is: When a man asked them to kill a python, the Snake Catchers   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:made some boots from the skin
B:were very happy
C:gave him some old boots
D:did not agreeWhat could a poem writer and a movie director share? More than you think! Langston Hughes began writing poems in high school and soon became one of America's greatest writers. Most of his writing is about his experiences as an African American. He wrote poems about people who worked hard through life but still found things to be happy about. He wrote plays and books about justice  for all people, and he wrote kids' books, too. The Sweet and Sour Animal Book is a book of his animal poems. Pictures and photos were used in the book. "Hold fast to dreams" is a line in a famous Hughes poem. That's exactly what he did throughout his life.
When Steven Spielberg was in middle school, he wanted to make a film. He had an idea for a movie, but no money. He started a tree-planting business and made his film with the money he earned. Spielberg never stopped making films, even after many film schools refused him. Today he is one of the most popular and important filmmakers in the world. His movies are about people who are adventurous , brave, kind. His characters often fight for what is good. Some of his films are about his Jewish background, such as Schindler's List. Spielberg once said, "I don't dream that much at night because I dream for a living." In different ways, both Hughes and Spielberg have encouraged people of all ages to reach for their dreams.
The question is: Steven Spielberg's movies are about the following except   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:important people
B:courageous people
C:friendly people
D:his Jewish backgroundHello, my first name is Jenny and my family name is Brown. I am a girl. I am 11. My telephone number is 025-7658.
I have   two friends. One is a boy. His name is Mike Green. He is 10. His telephone number is 636-7654. Linda Smith is my friend, too. She is 9. Her telephone number is 356-7890.
,.
The question is: What's Linda's telephone number?
The possible answers are:
A:356-7890
B:025-7654
C:636-7654
D:025-7658Last summer vacation, I volunteered to work at a vet's . There I saw a lot of dogs. Minnie was the funniest-looking dog I'd ever seen. _ 
She was brought to the vet because her owners didn't want her any more. I thought Minnie had a sweet personality, though."No one should judge her by her looks,"I thought. Finally, I advertised Minnie in the local paper."Funny-looking dog, well-behaved, needs a loving family."
When a boy called, I warned him that Minnie was strange-looking. The boy on the phone told me that his grandfather's sixteen-year-old dog had just died. They wanted Minnie no matter what. I gave Minnie a good bath. Then we waited for them to arrive. At last, an old car pulled up in front of the vet's. Two kids raced to the door. They picked Minnie up and rushed her out to their grandfather, who was waiting in the car. I hurried behind them to see his reaction to Minnie. Inside the car, the grandfather held Minnie in his arms and _ her soft hair. She licked his face. Her tail wagged around so quickly that it looked like it might fly off her body.
"She's perfect!"the old man said happily.
I was thankful that Minnie had found a good home.
Suddenly, I saw that the grandfather's eyes were a milky white colour--he was blind.
The question is: Why did the boy who called the writer want Minnie?
The possible answers are:
A:Because he loved all kinds of dogs very much.
B:Because he had seen Minnie and loved her very much.
C:Because his grandfather's dog was too old.
D:Because his grandfather's dog had just died.Hello, I'm Ann. This is a photo of my family. There are four members   in my family. The woman in the photo is my mother Mary. She is a teacher. She likes reading. The man is my father Jack. He's a teacher, too. He can play football, but he can't play basketball. Look, the lovely baby is my brother Mike. I like my family very much.
The question is: How many members are there in my family?
The possible answers are:
A:There are three members in my family.
B:There are four members in my family.
C:There are five members in my family.
D:There are six members in my family.Look at this picture! It's a picture of a room. What can you see in the picture? I can see an apple on the table. Can you see an English book on the table? No, I can't. Where is it? It's in the schoolbag! The schoolbag is on the chair next to  the bed. What is next to the table? Oh, it's a bookcase. Some books are in it. Look! What's that under the chair? It's a cat. A ball is beside  the cat. The ball is mine. It is a volleyball. I like playing volleyball very much.
The question is: _  is next to the table.
The possible answers are:
A:A bookcase
B:A chair
C:A bed
D:An orangeWe recycle  rubbish, so why not language? Recycling language means using vocabulary that you have learnt before again and again. However, unlike rubbish that piles up in our environment, if we do not recycle language, we simply forget it. So how do you recycle language?
There are basically three ways to do it. The first is through reading. Go back to your favourite articles and read them once more. Just reread them and do not worry about each vocabulary item. If there are some that you are not sure about, make a guess and you will probably guess right. The second way to recycle is through writing. Look at some of your favourite articles and write either a short paragraph or a few sentences in your own words. After you have done this a few times, go back and read through what you have written, checking vocabulary functions. Don't worry if you have made mistakes. That's how you learn. The third way to recycle language is by having an imaginary chat with yourself about your favourite articles at home. You can pretend there is someone with you who speaks English and tell him what you are thinking about or how you feel.
The question is: The second way to recycle language tells us to  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:rewrite our favourite articles.
B:pay more attention to mistakes
C:practise spoken English with someone
D:pay no attention to vocabulary functionsIn a cold winter, a couple had to move out of their big house because of bankruptcy . The husband worked day and night to support the family but with no care of his wife. So she thought, "he doesn't love me anymore, he just thinks about his work".
One day, she wanted to take a shower, but her husband stopped her at the door, "Let me take it first, OK?" "Why not let me first," she asked. "I was tired, you take it later, OK?" She was very sad.
On a rainy day, she found nothing to do and turned on his computer. After a few minutes, her eyes were full of tears...it was his diary:
"Today, I was quite sad, she asked me why I was always taking the shower first, and I said I was tired. She was unhappy. I wasn't as rich as before! We moved to the small house and it was very cold. But I found that if one person took the shower first, the room could get a little warmer. So every time I rushed to the bathroom first. When she took the shower, the room would get warmer, at least 1degC or 2degC.Now I can't give her comfortable life or buy expensive dresses for her,  but at least, I can give her 1degClove."
The question is: The woman thought her husband didn't love her because  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:he didn't buy her beautiful clothes
B:he didn't have enough money
C:he always worked with no care of her
D:he didn't look after her parentsAs summer arrives, it's important to drink more, to keep us cool. Let's look to see what drinks are popular in the US.
Sports drinks and fruit drinks are quite popular. But there are two main drinks that Americans enjoy most: water and soda. Around 10.9 billion gallons   of water is drunk each year, and 12.8 billion gallons of soda. Soda is the most popular drink. It's fizzy   and enjoyed with friends. Perhaps it is the drink of choice for parties.
However, if you are playing sports, soda is not a good drink. The fizzy and sweet drinks may make you uncomfortable   while exercising. The best drink for sports is water. That's because it has no calories and keeps you fresh during sports. Besides, doctors tell us that drinking water each day is healthy.
For many kids, juice or milk are their favorites. These drinks are healthy and give kids  vitamins and energy   during the day. Adults usually choose between tea or coffee.
The question is: Which of the following is TRUE?
The possible answers are:
A:Doctors drink water only.
B:Sportsmen don't like soda at all.
C:Americans like to drink soda in parties.
D:There are two kinds of drinks in American.The shock of the recent earthquake in Pakistan has brought another shock: the rise of a small, mysterious island, coming out from the water.
In the aftershock of the earthquake, people living in Gawadar, near the southwest coast, began to see a strange sight. They looked out into the Arabian Sea and saw a mountain-like shape coming out of the water. "I could see this gray, dome-shaped   body in the distance, like a giant whale," Bahram Baloch, a local journalist, told the BBC. "Hundreds of people had gathered to watch it in disbelief  ."
So what happened? The earthquake measured 7.7 in magnitude  . The force was so strong that it moved the sea floor, releasing gas. This gas pushed the seabed, mostly rock and sand, upward and out of the water. This is how mud volcanoes   are formed. The island that measures about 20 meters high, 30 meters long and 90 meters wide is actually the tip of the mud volcano.
Is it safe? Although people have visited this new island, scientists have found dangerous gas coming from the newly formed island. "Our team found bubbles rising from the surface of the island, which caught fire when a match was lit," said Mohammad Danish, a scientist, to Universe Today.
These mud volcanoes are not rare. But it's striking because this one has popped up in a populated   area, and not far out in the sea. However, it's not expected to last very long. Most of these mud volcanoes are swept back under the sea within one year.
The question is: After the earthquake, what did people see in the sea?
The possible answers are:
A:a strange light
B:a blue whale
C:a mysterious island
D:a mountainWhen someone walks into a room wearing bright colours, everyone seems to take notice. Beautiful bright colours can easily draw our attention. Fresh roses can cheer us up when we're feeling blue. Dressing up in colourful clothing can bring us into a more positive mood.
What shall I wear today? What colour should I choose?
Dressing yourself for the day is quite important whether you know it or not. Our moods often show what our bodies end up wearing. When you look in the mirror after you dress, train yourself to notice how you feel when you see yourself. Notice your mood. If you are not feeling yourself, could the colour of what you are wearing irritate   your nervous system? Did you never notice that before? We all know that dark colours can tell lies. They can make you look and feel older than you really are. That is why baby clothes never come in dark colours. To the mind, dark colours seem easier to hold power, but to the heart and feeling level, they don't help your heart to open. Bring happy colours and happiness to go hand in hand. Bright happy colours open your heart, calming your nervous system.
Some advice:
If you work around people who wear black, try to find a happy colour to look at to replace   the picture of dark colours in your mind.
At night, wear soft clothes in light colours to help your nervous system calm down and smooth it out, preparing yourself for sleep.
Don't dress children in dark colours because their nervous systems are just beginning to feel.
The question is: We should wear   _   to help our nervous system calm down and smooth it out to prepare for sleep.
The possible answers are:
A:leather clothes in light colours
B:soft clothes in dark colours
C:soft clothes in light colours
D:leather clothes in dark coloursCharlotte's Web is a popular American children's book about the friendship between a pig named Wilbur and a spider  named Charlotte. The writer, E.B. White, shows that a real friend will help you even though he or she has nothing to get from doing so.
In the book, Charlotte is always helping Wilbur. She spins  words into her web to save Wilbur's life, even though spinning the words is tiring and difficult for her. Charlotte is a true friend. She helps Wilbur for only one reason - she cares about him.
Templeton, the rat, on the other hand, is not a real friend to Wilbur. Templeton only helps others when there is something in it for him. When he is asked to help save Wilbur's life, he says "no" at first. Later on, he agrees to help, but only because he wants to keep eating Wilbur's meals. At the end of the book, Wilbur learns the true meaning of friendship. He helps Charlotte to save her babies. He does this not for other reasons, but because he cares about his friend.
Reading this book lets me know how important it is to help others. Being a good friend means being there when you are needed.
The question is: What does Charlotte do to save Wilbur's life?
The possible answers are:
A:She spins words into her web.
B:She provides food for Wilbur.
C:She asks other friends to help.
D:She makes a house for Wilbur.At London College, the boys can go to the city in the afternoon. But they must return to the school before six. And Bob doesn't often obey the rule. One afternoon, Bob walked to the city and went to the cinema. When he got to the school, it was eight o'clock. He was a little worried. He ran quickly to the gate. It was closed. He went round the school building to another door. That one was closed, too. Then he saw an open window on the ground floor. It was the head teacher's office. Bob looked into the room, and no one was there. He quickly climbed up and jumped into the room. Just then he heard a voice. He looked around and hid under the sofa. One minute later, Mr. Scott, the head teacher, came in. He turned on the light  and sat down on the sofa. Then he began to read. Bob lay under the sofa and looked at the head teacher's feet for an hour. He could not move. At last the head teacher stood up and walked towards the door. "Thank goodness, he didn't find me under the sofa." thought Bob. Then the head teacher stopped. He turned his head and spoke to the sofa, "Would you mind turning off the light when you leave?" he said and left the office.
The question is: Bob went into the head teacher's   _   .
The possible answers are:
A:office
B:bedroom
C:dining room
D:living roomRobert is eleven years old. He loves to watch TV. But for one full year, he did not watch TV at all. What was the reason? Robert's parents said they would give him $500 if he didn't watch TV for a year.
Robert's parents thought he watched too much TV. One day his mother saw a newspaper story about a boy who didn't watch TV for a year. She showed the story to Robert. "It was a joke," his mother said, "I didn't think he would do it." But Robert liked the idea. He turned off the TV right away. He said, "It doesn't matter to me whether to watch TV or not. I just want the money."
At first, Robert's parents were very happy. Robert read the newspaper, played outside, played computer games, and played cards with his mother. But after a while, he got bored. Every evening, he asked his parents, "What are we doing tonight?" Sometimes his mother and father wished he would watch TV, just for one evening. Robert always said, "No, it would cost me money!"
Finally the year was over. Then Robert started watching his favourite TV shows all day long again. Robert got the money from his parents. What does he plan to do with the $500? "I want to buy myself a TV set!" he said.
The question is: Which is NOT true according to the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:Robert's mother showed him the story in the newspaper.
B:Robert's mother didn't believe the story in the newspaper.
C:After Robert got the money, he went on watching TV again.
D:During the whole year, Robert watched TV for just one evening.People in the UK spend their free time in different ways. They usually use it to relax. They spend a lot of their free time at home. The most popular activity is watching TV. People in the UK watch TV for about 25 hours a week. They often record   programs so they can watch them later. Reading is also a popular way of spending free time. People in the UK spend a lot of time reading newspapers and magazines. Many people in the UK have pets. They like playing with their pets in their free time.
In summer, gardening   is popular. And families often have a "day out" on the weekend. They often go to a festival or see a show. Young people like to go to clubs, and people of all ages like to go to the cinema.
In winter, "do-it-yourself" is popular. People often spend their free time repairing   houses.
Some free time activities are with friends. Asking friends for a drink or a meal at home is the most usual one. Sometimes people and their friends have dinner in a restaurant.
On the weekend, people in the UK like to spend their free time doing sports. The popular kinds of sports are soccer, horse racing, swimming, tennis, skating, climbing and hill walking.
.
The question is: _   is popular in winter in the UK.
The possible answers are:
A:Gardening
B:Seeing a show
C:Repairing houses
D:Going to a festivalRose sat behind Kate in the classroom. They got on well with each other. But one day, Rose didn't see her school IC card at lunch time. She asked her classmates and looked for it everywhere. But she couldn't find it. Later, one girl said that she saw Kate take a card from Rose's desk. Hearing this, Rose got very angry.
When she met Kate in the afternoon, Rose shouted, "You have stolen my card!" Hearing this, Kate began to cry, "No, no, I didn't steal it! I only took it by mistake." But Rose didn't think so and she began to say bad words to Kate.
Just then a teacher came up and asked what had happened. Kate told the whole story. She said a middle school classmate of hers came to see her in the morning. She was so excited that she took the card on the desk and rushed out. Then they went for lunch happily. "I used the card, but I had thought it was mine. I didn't know it was Rose's until she looked for it. I was too afraid to explain it to her. So I decided to put the card back with some money secretly. I am sorry, Rose." Kate said in a low voice.
"It's just a misunderstanding  !" said the teacher. Tears came into Rose's eyes. Then she said, "I was very sorry, Kate! I hope we are still good friends." Kate smiled when she heard the words. Hand in hand, they walked toward the classroom building.
The question is: Rose was very   _   when she heard someone took her IC card away.
The possible answers are:
A:quiet
B:sorry
C:excited
D:angryA  young man was in love with a beautiful girl .One day the girl said to him ,"It is my birthday tomorrow ". "Oh ",said the young man ,"I'll send you roses, and one rose for each year of your life."
The same evening he went to the flower shop . As he knew the girl was twenty-two years old, he paid for twenty-two roses and asked the shop assistant to send them to the girl the next day .
The assistant of the flower shop knew the young man very well as he often bought flowers in his shop before . When the young man left the shop , the assistant thought ,"The young man is very kind to me .He often comes to buy my flowers . In return I'll send ten more roses."
He did so . The next morning  thirty-two roses were sent to the girl . When the young man came to see her , she didn't want to speak to him . And he never knew why she was so angry with him .
The question is: The young girl received the roses  _
The possible answers are:
A:the same evening
B:a day before her birthday
C:a week later
D:on her birthdayBorn as the only child in the family, I am the "king" of the family. My parents are both businessmen and they come home every two weeks. Because they don't spend much time with me, they always feel guilty* and will buy me many expensive things and let me do whatever I want. My grandparents never let me do any chores because they want me to do my schoolwork.
I used to take everything for granted*. I never said "thank you" to people. As time went by, I found that my classmates didn't like me and my best friends left me. one day, I asked Leo, who used to be one of my best friends. He said that I was selfish, rude* and bad-tempered*. "No one wants to make friends with a person who always receives but never gives anything!" he said. I was shocked* at his words. "Oh, no! Please don't leave me. I need friends! I will be lonely and unhappy without friends!" I locked myself up in the room and cried. "I want my friends back. But how?"
Then I noticed that all the popular kids in the class friendly to others. They always smile and say "thank you" to others. They do whatever they can to help when others are in trouble. Other kids like them and always play with them. "I need to change! I will get my friends back," I said to myself. From then on, I started to change myself. I learned to say "thank you" to others. I smiled and volunteered to help other kids. I tried to be as nice as I could.
, I found that other kids liked to talk with me and they would ask me to play with them and even told me their secrets. My friends came back to me again.
Now I have more friends than I used to do and I am happier than I used to be.
The question is: What's the boy's life like at home?
The possible answers are:
A:His parents spend much time with him.
B:He has to do lots of housework.
C:He can do what he wants to do.
D:He does much more homework than other kids.I'm a boy. My name is Tom White. I am ten years old. I am in Class 2, Grade 1. I'm in No. 1 Middle School. My teacher is Mr. Wu. I have a good friend at school He is Jim Green. Jim is his first name and Green is his last name. He is ten, too. But he is in Class 1, Grade 1. His teacher is Miss Wang.
, .
The question is: Tom is   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:9
B:10
C:11
D:12I have just invented a time machine. It can take people to the past or the future for five hours.
I got into my time machine and keyed  the words, "1964,11 Niven Road, Singapore", then pressed the button . In a moment, I was in front of a house, 11 Niven Road. I thought that it would be fun to see what my father was like when he was 10 years old.
I saw four children looking for a lost dog. They were my father, my uncle Kelvin, my aunt Peek and aunt Janet. I introduced myself as an old friend and agreed to help them look for their dog, Blackie.
We wanted to climb a hill and looked into the houses below. When we reached the top, we heard a dog barking. "Blackie !" my father shouted. We looked down and saw Blackie in the house.
We knocked on the door of the house and asked the man to return Blackie to us. The man asked us to prove  the black dog was Blackie. My father called out Blackie's name and the dog barked. The man had to give Blackie back to us.
We went back to 11 Niven Road and I said goodbye to them. My five hours were almost up. I ran to the machine and soon I was back in my time. What an adventure  !
The question is: When was the writer's father born?
The possible answers are:
A:In1954.
B:In 1964.
C:In 1974.
D:It was not mentioned  .When someone says extinct  animals, you may think about dinosaurs . But now many other animals are becoming less and less in number. These animals might disappear from the earth very soon. Take a look at the following animals. They are all in danger.
The African Elephant
The African elephant is a clever animal. It has a very good memory. But people kill it for its tusks . Half of the African elephants have disappeared.
The African Lion
The African lions have nowhere to live because of wars in Southern Africa. Besides, hunters and farmers often kill them.
The Tortoise
George is a tortoise. It is the last Pinta Island  giant tortoise. It was found in 1971. Now it lives in a research station. It can still live for another 200 years. But it is the last one of this species  of tortoise.
The Tadpole Shrimp 
Maybe you've never seen a tadpole shrimp. This is one of the oldest species on the earth. People have found them in fresh water pools on four continents . A tadpole shrimp can only live for two months or less.
The question is: According to the passage, we know that George   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:is the name of a scientist
B:is 100 years old
C:is the last one of its species
D:was born in 1971Since the first Earth Day started on April 22, 1970, people around the world have been encouraged to protect the environment and natural resources.Gaylord Nelson started this holiday.On the first Earth Day, 20 million people took part in Earth Day events.
Earth Day activities can include learning something about technology like cars that are more environmentally friendly and special houses that save energy and water.An organization called the Earth Day Network encourages people to use clean energy which doesn't pollute the environment.Most of our energy comes from fossil fuels   that are found underground. Coal, oil and natural gas are examples of fossil fuels.Fossil fuels come from plants and animals that lived millions of years ago. Burning fossil fuels to create energy pollutes the air and water. Many scientists think that burning fossil fuels also increases the temperature of the earth. To reduce the use of fossil fuels. scientists are experimenting with hydrogen-powered   cars. These cars don't pollute the air like gas-powered cars.
Some scientists guess that by 2025, fossil fuels will run out.When people can no longer use gasoline, they may use fuel cells instead. Fuel cells use hydrogen to create energy. People do not need to worry about hydrogen running out, because it is renewable and replaceable.
In Washington, D.C., a few people drive cars that run on fuel cells. When these cars need more energy, drivers can go to a hydrogen pump.The first hydrogen pump for the public opened in November 2004, marking an important step toward a cleaner environment.
The question is: Which of the following is not mentioned?
The possible answers are:
A:Scientists are producing more hydrogen-powered cars.
B:Some people drive fuel-cell cars in Washington.
C:Fossil fuels come from plants and animals.
D:We can learn about environmentally friendly technology from Earth Day activities.Look at these two photos. They are John and Ann. They're my good friends. All of us like music and we often sing together  . John lives near my house and we are in the same class. John is 15 years old and 1.68 metres tall. He has blond hair and blue eyes. John's English is very good and sometimes he helps me with my homework. He often wears a T-shirt and shorts. But in the photo, he is wearing a yellow shirt and black pants. Ann is in another school. She is short with brown hair and brown eyes. She looks very pretty. She has dance classes every Saturday afternoon and Ann can dance very well. Her favourite clothes are blouses and skirts. In the photo, she is wearing a dress and a hat.
The question is: What colour is John's shirt in the photo?
The possible answers are:
A:Yellow.
B:Blue.
C:Black.
D:Brown."Life is speeding up . Everyone is getting unwell." This may sound like something someone would say today. But in fact, an unknown person wrote it.
Inventions can change our lives. But have all these things really improved our lives? Imagine this. You're doing your homework on the computer. Your mobile phone rings and the noise from the television is getting louder and louder. Suddenly the computer is turned off and you lose all your work. How do you feel? Inventions have speeded up our lives, but they often leave us feeling tired.
One family in England went "back in time" to see what life was like without these inventions. The grandparents, with their daughter and grandsons Ben 10 and Tom 7, spent nine weeks in an old house. They had no computers or mobile phones. The grandmother, Linda, said, "The more things you have, the harder life becomes." And Ben also noticed that his grandmother had changed. She cooked delicious food for them!
,.
The question is: The passage is mainly about   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:problems with technology
B:improvements of our lives with technology
C:changes happening to technology
D:the importance of technologyThe 31st Summer Olympics will be held in Brazil in 2016. Before this global sporting event, we started thinking about sports that didn't exist any more and sports that were maybe a little strange. Read the following ones that have ever been included in the past Olympic Games.
Live Pigeon Shooting (1900)
This bloody event was only held once, at the 1900 Paris Games. Nearly 300 birds were killed during the competition, leaving a crime scene of feathers and blood. This is the only event in Olympic history that involved killing live animals.
Kabaddi (1936)
This sport is popular in South Asia. The object is for one member of a team to enter the other side's half of the field, and score points. The attacker then returns to his half of the field.
12 Hour Bicycle Race (1896)
Seven riders got on their bikes at 5 a.m. and rode until 5 p.m. Four riders dropped out before noon, but the winner, Adolf Schmal of Austria, managed about 180 miles. Only Schmal and one other finished.
Tug of War (1900--1920)
This may seem like a basic PE class sport more than an Olympic event, but Tug of War was actually one of the first sports played at the Olympic games in 500 BC.
There are two teams of eight; the winning team must pull the other team six feet forward.
Swimming Obstacle Race (1900)
The athletes had to climb over a pole   and a row of boats, and then swim under another row of boats. All of this was done in the Seine River, so they also had to fight against the water. This event was only ever held in 1900, in Paris.
The question is: How many athletes finished the event 12 Hour Bicycle Race?
The possible answers are:
A:One.
B:Two.
C:Four.
D:Seven.I am a tall boy. I can play basketball and soccer very well. Today is Sunday. I don't go to school. I watch a soccer match on TV. It's a good match. Beckham is my idol .He plays well in the match. In the afternoon, I play soccer with my good friends Jim,Ben, Peter, Gary and Kevin. Sarah is in the park, too. She is my good friend. She watches us play. We are hungry at 4:00, but we are happy.
The question is: I   _   at home in the morning.
The possible answers are:
A:watchTV
B:listentoasong
C:readabook
D:callmyfriendsWhen you are not happy, there are six ways to make you happy or feel good about yourself.
(1) Look in the mirror   and say to yourself, "I'm a special person and there's no one in the world like me. I can do anything!" It really works!
(2) Do something nice for someone. Helping others always makes you feel good.
(3) Smile! Be friendly to people around you. Look for the good things in your friends and family.
(4) Learn something new! Do you always want to learn how to swim? Go for it!
(5) Read and start a diary   . Turn offthe TV and let your imagination   fly! If you have any ideas or dreams, write them down!
(6) Stay with your family. We all need our family time. Talk with your mum and dad or maybe even your cousin.
The question is: Where can you read this passage?
The possible answers are:
A:In a story book.
B:In a dictionary.
C:In a magazine.
D:In a diary.Hi, Peter. Thank you for your telephone call. I'm happy to tell you that we have a double room for you now. It's on the fifth floor. It faces the West Lake, so you can see it well. The price for each room is $150 per night. Every morning from 7:00 to 9:30, there is a free breakfast, but you have to pay if you have lunch and supper in the hotel. Remember to bring your ID card with you. If you have any more questions, please let us know and we will be pleased to help you. We _ you to come to the hotel on August 16. We hope you will enjoy your stay with us. Thanks again for choosing our hotel.
The question is: Where is the room?
The possible answers are:
A:on the fifth floor
B:on the first floor
C:on the fifveth floor
D:on the five floor.Dear Died,
Today I was at the shopping centre and I spent a lot of time reading the Father's Day cards. But as I chose add read, and chose add read again, it seemed that not a single card said what I really wanted to you.
You'll soon be 84 years old, Dad,and you and I will have had 56 Father's Days together. I didn't think that you were too old. But the sad thing happened last week. I watched as you turned at the corner in your car. I didn't realize at once that it was you because _ who was driving looked so elderly.
Fifty years ago this spring, we planted carrots together in a garden in Charles City, Iowa. This week, we'll plant carrots together again, perhaps for the last time but I hope not. I don't understand why planting carrots with you is so important to me. Well, I don't quite know how to tell you this, dad ... I don't like carrots.... but I like planting them with you.
I guess what am trying to say, Dad, is what every son and daughter wants to say to their dad today. Praising a father on Father's Day is about more than a dad who brings home, money or shares a dinner. It's more about a dad deeply loving children who know everything and won't listen to anyone. It's about sharing. It's about loving someone more than words can say, and I wish that it would never end.
Lover,
Jenny
The question is: How old is Jenny now?
The possible answers are:
A:84.
B:56.
C:50.
D:34.Mrs. King: Oh,Bill, where are my gloves ? They aren't here.
Mr. King: Maybe they're in the dining-room.
Mrs. King: No, they aren't in our dining-room. Are they there?
Mr. King: No, they aren't here.
Mrs. King: Are they on the table?
Mr. King: No. Oh, here is a glove under the chair. It's black.
Mrs. King: No, that isn't my glove. My gloves are white . Oh ,Bill ,are they in the car?
Mr. King: No, they aren't there. But are they in your bag?
Mrs. King: No,they aren't.
Mr. King: Are you sure?
Mrs. King:Yes... oh,Bill, they are here. Yes , they're my gloves. They're in my bag,Bill, I'm very sorry.
The question is: Mrs.King is looking for her  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:dining-room
B:car
C:gloves
D:bagHouse For Rent                                  Lost Dog
2 sunny bedrooms with one kitchen              Small size
$500 a month                                   Black and white, short hair
Call Mr. Winter at 555--7843                   Call Gus. Reward at 555--6238
Taxi Driver W anted                             Titanic 3D
Full or part time                              Saturday and Sunday
Experience needed                              Zig Zag Cinema.
Call Mark at 555--7296 between                $20 (half for children under12).
9 am and 5 pm weekdays.                        Call 555--9767 for more information
The question is: _  lost a small, black and white dog.
The possible answers are:
A:Mark
B:Zig Zag
C:Mr. Winter
D:Gus. RewardIt's very early in the morning and I'm sitting outside. It's also very cold and dark. With me is Jim Nightingale, and he is the reason I'm up so early. He passes me a hot cup of coffee. "Not long to wait now," he says. I hope he's right.
After a few minutes there is a very weak light in the east, and then I hear a bird singing. It sings very loud and very clear. "That's the robin ," says Jim. A few more birds start singing with the robin and Jim knows the names of them too. Half an hour later, there are more and more birds singing, and it's very loud! Suddenly, all around us the air is full of the sound of birdsong. This is the dawn chorus , and it's beautiful.
"Wow, this is amazing!" I tell Jim, who is smiling. "Is there a dawn chorus every morning?"
"Birds can sing any time of the year but the best time is the end of winter and during the spring. This is when the birds sing most."
"Really? So, why do they sing?" I ask.
"Well, there are two reasons," explains Jim. "Most of the songbirds who sing are males. They want to find a female so they sing to show how strong they are. The females listen and choose the best singer! The birds also sing to tell other males to go away. They need their own area; they don't like sharing with another male."
I listen to the birds; the songs seem too much to me. "Do the birds sing a special song in the morning?"
"That's a good question," replied Jim. "The successful birds have many kinds of calls and songs. Sometimes they copy the songs of other birds. This makes it sound like there are many birds in that place already and other males stay away. Also the female likes songs with different notes. Some birds, for example the European wren, have songs that contain over 700 different notes per minute!"
So, how does Jim know so much about birds? Well, he works as a volunteer for the Royal Society for the Protection of Birds. He is trying to help the birds live in the modern world. "More and more of the birds' habitat disappears every year. The sparrow, for example, was a very common bird in the UK, now it's in danger."
By now the sun is up and the birds are quiet. It's light so they can start looking for food, they need a big breakfast after all that singing.
The question is: Why does the writer get up early in the morning?
The possible answers are:
A:To visit her friend.
B:To drink hot coffee.
C:To see different birds.
D:To hear birds sing.Cause and effect is one way to explain things that happen around us. Many things happen because something caused or influenced them to happen. Sometimes it is hard to look at a cause and find out what caused or influenced them to happen. Sometimes it is hard to look at a cause and find out what causes the effect. It may help you to start with the effect and use your reasoning  skills. Think about all the things you know that could be reasons for the effect you can see.
For example, you may see someone putting on a heavy jacket. This is the effect. To look for a cause, think to yourself, "What would take someone put on a heavy jacket?" Maybe the person is going outside into very cold weather. Maybe the person works in the penguin pen  at Sea World. Maybe the person is going to visit an ice skating rink where the air is kept very cold. All of these things could be a cause for putting on a heavy jacket.
Now, think about a second example. The effect is a boy named Abi has to go to the head teacher's office. What are the possible causes? Maybe he bullied  another student. Maybe he is just being picked up early. Maybe he is being given a prize!
Here is another example for you to think about its cause and effect. Cait, 13, was trying to fall asleep when her 8-year-old brother, Doug, came into her room. He looked around a bit, but seemed really out of it. Then Doug went back into the hallway and stood there looking straight up at the hall light for quite a while. Little brothers can be very strange, but this was really much too strange. Cait's father appeared and explained that Doug was sleepwalking. What's the cause end effect, could you tell?
,.
The question is: Which of the following is cause and effect?
The possible answers are:
A:Tony got up and had a glass of water.
B:We came home and found him sleeping.
C:The ball was lost and a window was broken.
D:Tim was late again and his teacher got angry.These days, I'm surprised at what my classmates have changed since school started. It's not just the new teachers, new buildings, or new rules. I also notice how people are dressing differently. Dressing is not just a choice to keep warm. It's also a healthy personal choice in so many ways.
Dress rules: Many schools have dress rules. They tell students what to wear at school. The teachers don't hope to see their students wear unsuitable clothes in the classroom.
 _ : The way we dress shows the way we feel about ourselves. If we aren't confident or need lots of attention, we'll often dress in ways that help us get that attention. If you want to get attention in a healthy way, you don't need to dress in an interesting way to express your mind.
Body image : If some kids look very bad or ugly, dressing properly  can cover them. And it can also help them feel beautiful and comfortable among their friends.
Being what you wear: Dressing is important. Dressing in a wrong way can make people mistake you. People like to judge according to what they see. Clothing can often give people a wrong idea.
The question is: The writer feels very   _   because of the way his classmates dress these days.
The possible answers are:
A:happy
B:surprised
C:angry
D:sadMrs. Black is such a heavy woman in the world that one day she goes to see the doctor.
The doctor tells her that she should eat more vegetables and less meat. So the next morning she only has an egg and a glass of milk for breakfast. And she has some rice and vegetables for lunch.
In the evening, she feels very hungry. She begins to cook supper. She makes some hamburgers with chicken. She puts a little chicken and lots of vegetables in each hamburger. She has five hamburgers for supper. After that, she feels better and goes to bed. After a week, she goes to see the doctor again. The doctor is so surprised to find that she is heavier. But Mrs. Black tells him that she has more vegetables and less meat every day!
The question is: What does Mrs. Black put in each hamburger?
The possible answers are:
A:A lot of chicken.
B:A few vegetables.
C:A lot of meat.
D:A little chicken and a lot of vegetables.There is a saying, "An apple a day keeps the doctor away." Although eating properly is important, being kind to others is also good tor your health. Studies show that people who perform kind acts are more relaxed, happier, and healthier than other people.
In one study at Arizona State University researchers, found that many volunteers experienced a sudden feeling of joy, followed by a long period of calm, after performing a kind act.  This feeling, called "a help's high" may actually help reduce stress   as the body releases   naturally painkillers.
Stress can cause' serious health problems, and heart depression, and .sleeping problems. However, the study found that volunteers had fewer *stress-related health problems when they did helpful things for other people.
The study also found that people who did nice things for others felt better about themselves as well. They had higher self-esteem  , and were' happier. Many believe this is because volunteers spend more of their time with other people. People who are more outgoing are often healthier.
Another study at the University of Michigan's Survey Research Center confirmed the health benefits of volunteering. A ten-year study showed that people who volunteered live longer than those who didn't. Although you shouldn't need a reason to be helpful, it is nice to know that kindness may help you live longer.
The question is: The study found that people who help others can have   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:sleeping problems and stress
B:less natural painkillers
C:overeating and depression problems
D:fewer health problemsMary and Peter were having a picnic with some friends near a river when Mary shouted,"Look!That's a spaceship  up there and it's going to land here."
Frightened  by the strange spaceship,all the young people got into their cars and drove away as quickly as possible except Peter and Mary. They were more curious   than frightened. They watched the spaceship land and saw a door open,but nobody came out,so they went to look into it. In the center of the floor,there was a lot of food. Peter followed Mary into the spaceship and did not hear the door close behind him. The temperature fell in no time and very soon the two young people didn't know anything.
When they came to themselves,they were surprised to see that the spaceship disappeared, their car was near them.
"What happened?"asked Mary.
Peter scratched   his head,saying slowly,"Don't ask me. Perhaps we had a problem. Come on. It's time to go home."
After driving about fifty meters,they found a thick wall made of something like glass stood in their way. On the other side of the wall,a few strange aliens  were looking through the wall and reading a notice,it said,"New comers at the zoo: a pair of earth villagers with their _ ."
The question is: How did Peter and Mary feel when they saw the strange spaceship?  They felt   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:frightened
B:surprised
C:amazed
D:curiousDear Liz,
My stay in Thailand has certainly been the experience of my life.
Life is busy and exciting.Bangkok is just like any other big city with a population of 10  million and heavy traffic.I'm very lucky because my host family is in a nice quiet area outside  the city.There are Mr. and Mrs. Phairat, their son Sanan, who is 18, the daughter Chinda, who  is 16, and Grandpa and Grandma.
I go to an international school with Sanan and Chinda.The school teaches about 70 percent  in English,and 30 percent in Thai. I've learned some spoken language,but Thai writing is very difficult.The cooking lesson is my favourite.I'm learning all about Thai food and culture People don't use chopsticks here,but spoons and forks.When I come back,I'm going to cook you a real Thai meal.
Last weekend we visited some temples.We also drove to Pattaya beach near Bangkok.I  thought it was great,but Sanan and Chinda say that next month they're taking me to Phuket  Island,where the beaches are even more beautiful.The month after next,we're going to travel  to Mr.Phairat,s hometown in the north of Thailand.The Phairats own land there,and they  have two elephants.I'm going to ride those elephants -- and even wash them.Sanan and  Chinda say it's really fun.
I'm amazed by everything in this country,especially by the elephants.Elephants are an  important pan of Thai culture and way of life.They have been a traditional symbol of  Thailand for many years in times of war and peace.In the seventh century,a Thai king trained 20,000 elephants for battle.
I'll tell you all about my Thai boxing lessons next time I write.
Love,
Mandy
The question is: Mandy writes in her e.mail that the  _   lesson is her favourite.
The possible answers are:
A:Thai speaking
B:boxing
C:Thai writing
D:cookingOnce, a king had a great highway built for his people. Just before it was opened to the public, the king decided to have a contest . He invited his people to take part in the contest. Their challenge was to see who could travel the highway the best.
On the day of the contest, some people came to the highway in fine clothing; some had fancy hairstyles or brought great food. Some young men came in their sports clothes and ran along the highway. People raveled  the highway all day. But each one, when he or she completed the trip, complained  to the king that there was a large pile of stones in the way that had blocked his or her travels.
At the end of the day, a lonely traveler crossed the finishing line and walked over to the king. He was tired and dirty, but he showed the king great respect and handed him a bag of gold. He explained: "I stopped along the way to clear a pile of stones that was _ the road. This bag of gold was under it all. I want you to return it to its rightful owner."
The king replied: "You are the rightful owner. You've earned  this gold, for you won my contest."
The man won the contest just because he was the only one who stopped to make the road smoother . Sometimes, the greatest prize comes not from helping yourself, but from helping others.
The question is: Why could the man win the contest?
The possible answers are:
A:Because he was willing to help others.
B:Because he gave the king some gold.
C:Because he traveled the fastest.
D:Because he showed the king respect.Baymax, a new Disney character, has made everyone like him and want to hug him. The big robot is from the Disney movie--- Big hero 6. He lives with a fourteen-year-old smart boy called Hiro Hamada. Baymax has helped Hiro get through hard times after Hiro's elder brother died in an accident. Soon Hiro finds that some bad people are behind his brother's death and want to take the city. To stop it , he uses his high-tech gadgets  and turns Baymax and his four other friends into super heroes. The movie has received very good feedback . In February, the movie won the best animation  feature of the 87thOscar Awards. Baymax has become popular thanks to his big soft body and his comforting voice. People say his love can be found on the screen.
Mothers in Japan have started to make Baymax-sharped white rice balls for children. In China, fans warmly call him "the big white". The friendship between Baymax and Hiro makes many people cry in the cinema. As a nursing robot, Baymax is never designed to be a super hero. He dares to love you without expecting anything for himself. I think we all love him because of his love.
The question is: What do Chinese people call Baymax?
The possible answers are:
A:Hiro Hamada.
B:Smart boy.
C:Super hero.
D:The big white.Now and then we all get ill. Then we usually go to see a doctor. Doctors know a lot about what makes us ill. They may give us something to take. The medicine often makes us well again.
But sometimes the doctor's medicine doesn't work. A sick person does not get well. The pain doesn't go away. There was such man. He was in hospital, but he wasn't well. Then he found a new "doctor" inside himself. This "doctor" was his own sense of humor . He saw funny films. He read funny books. And he liked to learn something interesting. Laughing took away his pain. Then he was able to sleep and rest. His own happy feeling helped him to feel well again. And he told his story in a book. He said that laughing was his best "medicine". His doctor thought so, too.
Another man was ill, and he had a terrible pain in his back. The doctors could not stop it from hurting. So the man began to "picture" his pain. In his head he "drew" a picture of a dog. He imagined  it as a real dog. And it was biting  his back. It was hurting him. Then the man talked softly to the dog. He put his hand on the dog's head. He made friends with the dog. And his pain went away!
These stories may surprise you. But more and more people are getting well in this way. So call on the "doctor" inside your own head. And stay happy and well!
The question is: We should believe that  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:doctors can heal all patients
B:no one can help patients but themselves
C:only medicine can make patients feel better
D:sometimes a patient can help himself in his own way.Ellie lived with her six children in a small house. One winter, there was a big flood and quite a few houses were washed away, but Ellie's house was high enough to keep them safe.
Many families lost everything in the flood. And Ellie took in one of the families. She shared her home with them until the family could build their own new house. Ellie's friends could not understand why she did so because she already had so many children to look after.
"Well," Ellie said to her friends, "At the end of World War I, there was a poor woman in a town in Germany. Her husband had been killed in the war and she had a lot of children, just like me now."
"The day before Christmas, this woman said to her children, 'We will not be able to have much for Christmas. I am going to get just one present for us all. Now I will go and get it.' She came back with a little girl who had no parents, 'Here is our present,' she said to her own children."
"The children were very excited to get such a present. They welcomed the little girl warmly, and she grew up as their sisters. I was that Christmas present."
The question is: What happened in the winter?
The possible answers are:
A:There was a flood.
B:There was an earthquake
C:There was a rain storm.
D:There was a fire.Six days before the 63rd birthday of New China, our country received a great gift. The country's first aircraft carrier  , Liaoning, has made China become the l0th country in the world to have an aircraft camer.
An aircraft carrier is a kind of ship that planes can fly from and land on--like an airport on the sea. It stands for a country's military strength . It plays an important role in modern wars.
In August last year, the air craft carrier began its trial run at Dalian Port in Liaoning. The carrier was at first called the Varyag. It was built in the former Soviet Union. However, the Soviets failed to finish the ship. China bought the Varyag in 1998. Now after 10 trial runs, the aircraft carrier, renamed Liaoning, is in active service.
Liaoning is about 300 meters long and 70 meters wide. It can take 30 planes and hold 2,000 soldiers.
According to Xinhua News, Liaoning will be used for scientific research and military training.
The aircraft carrier will help protect our country and promote  world peace. The BBC said that Liaoning coming into service " marks China as a rising power".
,.
The question is: According to the passage, which of the following is NOT a use of Liaoning?
The possible answers are:
A:To help protect the country.
B:To help with world peace.
C:To be a place for military training.
D:To mark China as a rising power.Dear Tom,
I don't have a good time at my new school.There are too many rules at my school.We have to get to school at seven o'clock every morning.We can't play games in the classroom after class.We can't listen to music in the hallways.I don't like playing the piano,but I have to learn the piano in the music class.And we have to wear uniforms at school.We also can't eat outside.and we have to eat in the dining hall.The food there is awful.I can't stand  the rules here.I never have fun.What can I do?
Bob
The question is: Where can Bob eat at school?
The possible answers are:
A:In the dining hall.
B:Outside.
C:In the classroom.
D:Anywhere as he likes.Presents For Children's Day
Charles M. Schulz was born in 1922 in Minneapolis, the only child of a housewife and a barber. His interest in comics was encouraged by his father, who loved the funny pages. Charles M. Schulz sold seventeen cartoons to the Saturday Evening Post from 1948 to 1950 and Li'l Folks to the St. Paul Pioneer Press. Peanuts debuted  on October 2, 1950, and ran without interruption for the next fifty years. Charles M. Schulz died in 2000.
*IT'S A DOG'S LIFE  SNOOPY
It's a Dog's Life, Snoopy brings all your familiar friends together for great times and fun.
*IT'S A BIG WORLD  CHARLIE BROWN
Charlie Brown faces some of life's little challenges with the help of Snoopy, Lucy, Peppermint Patty, Linus, and the rest of the gang  in It's a Big World, Charlie Brown.
*PEANUTS 2000
The last one is the special edition Peanuts 2000, which includes all the last year's Peanuts comic strip and Charles M. Schulz's famous farewell strip.
Come and visit our website at www.ballantinebooks.com or come to Ballantine Bookshop, you'll have a big surprise.
The question is: What do you think the passage is?
The possible answers are:
A:A novel
B:A menu
C:A diary
D:An advertisementMost children like watching TV. It's very interesting. By watching TV they can see and learn a lot and know many things about their country and the world. Of course, they can also learn over the radio. But they can learn better and more easily on TV. Why? Because they can hear and watch at the same time. But they can't see anything over the radio. TV helps to open children's eyes. It helps to open their minds   , too. They learn newer and better ways of doing things.
Many children watch TV only on Saturday or Sunday evening. They are always busy with their classes. But a few children watch TV every night. They go to bed very late. They can't have a good rest. How about you, my young friends?
The question is: Children can't see anything  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:in class
B:on the radio
C:on TV
D:by watching TVIf you are given only 1 yuan, could you live in a city for one day? It seems this may be a little difficult. But students from Xi'an did it.
On April 10, more than 60 students from the Middle School Attached to Northwestern Polytechnical University took part in the One Yuan Metropolis Survival. The charitable organization for teenagers called Imperceptible Education held this activity. Students not only have to live, but they also have to deal with a lot of hard tasks. It has happened in eight cities and is going to four others, including Beijing, in June.
To make money, many students looked for part-time jobs and saw how hard life was. Zhang Qiyue, 14, asked more than 10 restaurants for a job and finally got one chance. "We were sad when they said no. But gradually , we got used to it," he said. After being a waiter for an hour, he got 25 yuan.
Some made use of their talents by singing and dancing in parks or shopping malls. Many people who walked by took notice and helped them. Zhao Jiacheng, 14, drew pictures and made paper crafts . "This showed it's important to learn a special skill," he said.
Living was hard, but finishing the tasks wasn't any easier. They went to different places to finish tasks in a short time. The most amazing one was when they had to exchange things worth thousands yuan with only a piece of paper in half an hour. "We learned how to _ others. From a balloon to a cake to a bottle of yogurt  ... after almost 20 tries, we got an expensive necklace," he said. They will give all of the money they made to poor schools in Tibet.
The question is: To make money, students tried many things EXCEPT   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:going to Beijing to do their tasks
B:working part-time jobs
C:giving talent shows
D:drawing and making paper craftsMr. Green is quiet and doesn't like talking with people .He likes reading newspapers and using the Internet.He hardly ever exercises. Sometimes he watches soccer or basketball games on TV. He likes coffee very much and drinks it three times a day .
Mr. Green is a bank clerk . It's a busy but boring job. He works with people and money every day .So he always feels tired after work. He likes to get enough rest and goes to bed early after dinner.Usually he goes to bed at 8:30 in the evening and get up at 6:30 in the morning. Mr. Green is very happy with that .But Mrs. Green isn't ,because Mr. Green always talks in his sleep.
One morning , Mr. Green sat at table and had breakfast. Mrs. Green asked him, "Why do you always talk in your sleep?" Mr. Green said, "Because I have few chances to talk in the day time."
The next morning after their children all went to school, Mrs. Green asked Mr. Green angrily , Why did you scold me in your sleep last night ? "Because I don't have the courage  to do it when I'm awake  ."
The question is: Mr. Green   _   drinks coffee..
The possible answers are:
A:never
B:often
C:hardly ever
D:sometimesMonty Robert's father was a horse trainer. As a child, Monty often went from one farm to another with his father. Sometimes they didn't have money to pay for food, but Monty still kept hoping to own a horse farm.
When he was in school, his teacher asked him to write a paper about his dream. He wrote a seven-page paper. He wanted to have a horse farm one day. He even drew a picture of a horse farm in the paper.
The next day he handed it in to his teacher. Two days later, he got his paper back. On the front page was a large red "F" with the words "See me after class". So the boy did and asked his teacher, "Why did I get an F?" The teacher said, "This dream will not come true for a young boy like you. You need a lot of money to own a horse farm. You have to buy the land. You have to pay for a lot of things. There is no way you could ever do it." Then the teacher added, "If you write this paper again with a simpler dream, I will give you a good grade."
After school he thought hard about it. At last, he decided to hand in the same paper, making no changes at all. He said to the teacher, "You can keep the F and I'll keep my dream."
Many years later, Monty had his own large horse farm. His dream came true.
So don't let anyone take away your dreams. Follow your dreams, no matter what they are.
The question is: What was Monty's attitude towards his paper?
The possible answers are:
A:Careless.
B:Serious.
C:Joking.
D:Funny.Do you know the game "Rock, paper or scissors"? Maybe you think it's just a simple game for children. But in fact, some adults use it to make decisions and solve their problems. It is also popular in many countries.
There are different stories about the history of the game. But many people believe the game  came from Japan, and Japanese have played it for a long time. Later it came to Europe in the middle of the 18th century. In 1842, England founded the Paper Scissors Stone Club and from then on people could get together to play the game for honor  .
There is even an international club named the World Rock Paper Scissors Club in Toronto. The club makes "Rock, paper or scissors" more and more popular. It holds the world championship   every year. Top players from around the world take part in it and the champion   can get a lot of money and the honor of all the fans of "Rock, paper or scissors".
The question is: How often does the World Rock Paper Scissors Club hold the world championship?
The possible answers are:
A:Once a year.
B:Once two years.
C:Once three years.
D:Once four years.One bright and sunny day, I felt like fishing.So I packed what I needed...fishing stick, hooks  , and worms for bait  .When I reached the lake, I put a worm on the hook and threw the line in and waited for the fish to bite.I was disappointed when I did not catch anything after waiting for three hours.I pulled in the line.To my surprise, there was a small fish at the end of the line.The fish was so small that I did not feel any pulling on the line.I was even more surprised when the fish started to talk, "Let me go or I will turn you into a frog!" I was so worried that I just looked at it.The next moment, I was already a frog... "Help! Help!" I shouted loudly.When I woke up, I found I fell down the ground.
The question is: When I went to fish, the weather is   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:rainy
B:cloudy
C:nice
D:windyIf you look at the sky one night and see something moving and shining that you have never seen before, it might be a comet  .
A comet sometimes looks like a star. Like a planet, a comet has no light of its own. It shines from the sunlight it reflects  . Like the earth a comet goes around the sun, but on a much longer path than the earth travels.
If a comet isn't a star, what is it then?
Some scientists think that a large part of a comet is water frozen   into pieces of ice and mixed with iron and rock dust and perhaps a few big pieces of rock. When sunshine melts   the ice in the comet, great clouds of gas go trailing after it. These clouds, together with the dust, form a long tail.
Many people have seen a comet. However, no one knows how many comets there are. There may be millions of comets, but only a few come close enough for us to see.
An Englishman named Edmund Halley, who lived from 1656 to 1742, found out a lot about the paths that comets take through the sky. Some comets move out of our sight and never come back. Others keep coming back at regular times. A big comet that keeps coming back was named after Halley comet, because the last time it came close to the sun and the earth was in the year 1986. Then people all over the world were outside at night to look at it. You will probably be able to see Halley's comet when it comes near the earth again.
,A, B, C, D,.
The question is: Many people.
The possible answers are:
A:haven't seen any comets
B:have seen all comets
C:have seen a comet at daytime
D:have seen a cometIn many English homes, people have four meals  a day: breakfast, lunch, afternoon tea  and dinner.
People have breakfast from 7:00 to 9: 00 in the morning. They eat eggs or  bread. English people drink tea or milk for breakfast, too. Lunch comes at about 13:00. Afternoon tea is from 16:00 to 17:00, and dinner is about 19:30. They often have soup , and they have some chicken or fish with vegetables. Then they eat some bananas, apples or oranges. But not all English people have meals like that. Some of them don't have their dinners in the evening .
,.
The question is: Usually, people in England have   _   for their dinner.
The possible answers are:
A:bananas, apples or eggs
B:soup, bananas or milk
C:soup, chicken or fish with vegetables
D:soup, milk and vegetablesJane was an old woman. She was rich and lived in a big house. One morning, Jane opened the window and looked at her garden. The sun was shining brightly. "What a good day!" she said. Suddenly she saw a man eating grass in front of the garden of her house. She walked to the man and asked, "Why are you eating grass? Are you very hungry?" The man answered, "I have no money to buy any food. I haven't had meals for days. I'm dying of hunger." "Poor boy," said Jane, "come to the back door." Then she walked into the house again. "The rich lady will give me some food to eat. It's so kind of her." The man thought. But when he went into the house, Jane opened the back door and said to him, "The grass is taller behind the house."
The question is: What was the weather like that day? It was  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:windy
B:rainy
C:sunny
D:cloudyWhen you cough  or sneeze, please turn your head away from others and cover your mouth with the full part of your hand. Afterwards, you should say," Excuse me." This is a rule I set for my students.
It is so simple, but many kids have never been told to do _ . In fact, I notice adults cough and sneeze in public without putting a hand over the mouth. I hate traveling by underground in New York during cold and flu  season, because it is certain that someone is going to stand right behind me and cough or sneeze on my neck.
One important thing I point out to the kids is that after they sneeze or cough on their hand, they should wash their hands as soon as possible. Otherwise, they will be passing those _ along to everything and everyone they touch.
In order to help the students remember this rule, I tell them about an old story. It says that when you sneeze, evil spirits jump into your body. If you don't cover your mouth, the spirits will enter, but if you cover your mouth, you will keep them out, We say "God bless you" when someone sneezes, and in Germany  you should say "Gesundheit". That means "Good health to you." Both expressions are said that if you didn't cover your mouth in time and the spirits were able to enter your body. The kids love finding out the origins  of these expressions and it encourage them to put the advice to use more often.
The question is: According to the article, the writer would like the kids   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:to be polite to adults
B:to be in better health
C:to have good manners
D:to do well in examsOnce Effendi had a joke with the Prime Minister  . He said that the Minister would die the next day. The next day, the Minister fell to the ground from the horse and really died. When the king learned this, he got angry and sent his men to catch Effendi at once.
When Effendi was brought to him, the king shouted angrily, "Effendi, since  you knew when my Minister would die, you must know the date of your own death. Say it out, or you'll die today."
Effendi looked at the king for a while. Then he answered, "But how can I know? I'll die two days earlier than you." The king was afraid that if he killed Effendi, he himself would die after that. He thought he must keep Effendi alive   as long as possible, so he let Effendi go.
The question is: Why did the king ask Effendi to tell him the date of Effendi's own death?
The possible answers are:
A:Because the king wanted to know when he himself would die.
B:Because the wanted to find an excuse to kill Effendi.
C:Because he himself had known the date of Effendi's death.
D:Because he wanted to know when Effendi would die.Schools and parents in Shenzhen City have been asked to take better care of children's eyesight as 45 percent of them were found to be shortsighted. Too much reading, poor lighting and too much TV are blamed . Of the city's high school graduates  who applied to study at colleges this summer, but now he gets up earlier.
The question is: Because of being shortsighted many school graduates  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:weren't allowed to enter college
B:couldn't graduate from high school
C:couldn't choose to study what they liked best
D:lost their limited timeThis is No. 2 Middle School. My friend, Wei Hua is in the school. She is fifteen. She is in Class Three, Grade Two. Wei Hua has two good friends. They are Kate and Lily. Kate is from England. She is fifteen, too. But She is in No. 3 Middle School. She is in Class One, Grade Two. Lily is an American girl. She is fifteen, too. She is in No. 2 Middle School, too. She is in Class Two, Grade Two. Lily's Chinese teacher is Miss Yang. Lily likes Chinese very much. She can speak Chinese very well.
The question is: Kate is in  _   Middle School.
The possible answers are:
A:No.3
B:No.1
C:No. 2
D:No. 4Are you interested in country music? I like it very much !It will take me away for a while after I am tired . The guitars and songs will take me to mountains and fields. Country music usually talks of everyday life and feelings. It's the spirit  of America ,easy to understand ,slow and simple.
Country music developed in the Southern United States. It was the folk music of American countryside. Many of songs tell about the lives of famers . They talk about love, crops  or death.
The life of the countryside can be hard, so the words in country music are often sad. At first, people played the music only at family parties. But it became more popular later. In the 1920s,people played country songs on the radio, and they made them into records.
When people in the countryside moved to towns and cities to look for work, they took their music with them. Country music continued to change and became popular across America.
John Denver was one of America's most famous country singers in the 1970s. His song "Take Me Home, Country Roads" is well-known and people still play it today.
,,.  (
,2,10)
The question is: People bagan to make country song records   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:in the 1920s
B:in 1920
C:in the 1970s
D:in 1970sDear Karen,
As you probably know, it's my sister Suzie's 16th birthday in a week. We're planning a surprise party for her. Julie's going to pick her up from school as usual on Friday but she's not taking her home. She's bringing her to the Palace Hotel, the big modern one near the station. We're having a meal there and we've also hired   the ballroom   for a party in the evening. I hope you can come!
All her friends from school are coming and quite a few of the people from our village, too. Of course, Mum and Dad are coming up from England and I've managed to persuade   our other sister, Marie, to come over from Australia. She's bringing her kids with her, too.
After the party we're going to have another one on Saturday! Well, not really a party. We're inviting the family and close friends (that includes you) for a meal at the house. If the weather is nice, we'd like to have a barbecue in the garden. Julie's going to make a special cake for Suzie.
Anyway, we hope to make it a really special weekend for Suzie. On Sunday we're all going for a walk in the country. You know how she loves walking and we're all going to need a bit of exercise after all that lovely food. We're hoping to go up to the lake. Marie said she wanted her kids to feed the ducks just like Suzie and she did when they were very young. I'm sure Suzie will love that too.
It would be great if you could come over for the weekend. We would all love to see you.
Let me know as soon as you can.
Best,
David
The question is: Who is Karen?   _
The possible answers are:
A:David's cousin.
B:David's friend.
C:David's sister.
D:David's classmate.Dear Dongdong
I have been in Hong Kong for a whole week. I will stay here for another week.
Hong Kong is really a great place to visit. There's so much to see and do here. And I've done so many wonderful things.
I've taken the cable car  to the Peak Galleria  . I've been to Hong Kong Racing Museum. I've known a lot about horse racing. I've also visited Ladies' Street. In the street I bought some beautiful clothes for my mother. Last night I went to a concert. Chinese traditional music has always been my favourite. This morning I went to Ocean Park and watched the dolphins perform. Dolphins are so clever. They can jump from the water to touch a ball, sway   their bodies to music, kiss people and even do math. Mr Host is going to take me to an Italian film festival in Hong Kong Cultural Centre tomorrow. I'm so excited because I have never seen an Italian film before. But some people say they're boring.
That's all. Best wishes!
The question is: Haohao hasn't been to   _   yet.
The possible answers are:
A:the Peak Galleria
B:Hong Kong Racing Museum
C:the Italian film festival
D:the concertPeople have talked about whether aliens are real or not for thousands of years.Some ancient drawings over 50,000 years ago are thought to be the first pictures of spacecrafts.Alien spacecrafts are often called flying saucers .The first person to use this name was an Amerlean,Kenneth Arnold.On 24th June,1947,he was flying a small plane in Washington State in the USA when he saw something strange."I was looking out of the window,"Arnold said,"when I saw nine saucer-like things in front of me."
Two other Americans,Charles Hickson and Calvin Parker,said that aliens took them into a flying  saucer! They were fishing on the Mississippi River in the USA on the night of 11th October,l973.It was a dark night.The two men were sitting in their fishing boat when they saw a bright light.It was hanging in the air over the water and it looked like a flying saucer and brought Hickson and Parker into their spacecraft.In the spacecraft the aliens looked at the two men very carefully and then took them back to their boat."The aliens were in a pale colour and had very small eyes." Hiekson said."But they didn't hurt us."
In l983,Pioneer 10,an American spacecraft,went into space.On the outside of the spacecraft are 13 pictures of men and women,and a map of space.If aliens find Pioneer 10,they will know how to get to the Earth!
The question is: What is special about Pioneer 10?
The possible answers are:
A:It sends people to other planets.
B:It brings aliens to Earth.
C:It has a map of space on it.
D:It has found many flying saucers.Fruit salad is a delicious dessert and you can make it in less than ten minutes. What's more, you can enjoy it without becoming fatter. Fruit salad can also be a great dish at a party, or the wonderful snacks during any time of a day. If you want to know how to make fruit salad, just follow the steps.
Things you need
1 cup of strawberries
1 cup of cherries 
1/2 red apple
1/2 peach 
1 pear
2 spoons of juice
Steps
1. choose your fruits
2. wash all of your fruits
3. cut the strawberries, cherries, red apple, peach, and pear into small pieces
4. put 2 spoons of juice in a bowl
5. put all the fruits in the bowl
6. serve and eat
The question is: There are   _   steps before you eat fruit salad.
The possible answers are:
A:one
B:three
C:five
D:fourWatch for us on TV
THIS summer, many Beijing middle school students had a different kind of vacation. Instead of hanging out with friends or traveling, they were training hard for the National Day celebration.
To mark the special anniversary  of China this year, the students performed a group dance in a big parade on Tian'anmen Square on October 1.
Students were training from 7:30am to around 10:00am or from 4 pm to 6:30pm. It was to avoid the summer heat.
They wore white hats, T-shirts and dark-blue trousers. The hats and T-shirts were printed with a red logo, the number '60".
The first week of training was PE. Students practiced standing and squatting .  Then they moved on to practice the group display. The use colored sheets in the shape of flowers as a prop . When we watch the parade on TV we will see them making colorful patterns with them.
What do the students think of their unusual summer?
"Sometimes we find it a bit tiring." says Lu Wenqi,13."But most of us think it's a great honor to take part in such an important celebration."
Li Hui, 15, thinks the same as Lu. She says her classmates are seldom late for training.
"It's a wonderful chance for us,' says Li. "When my parents were in college, they also took part in a national day celebration. Now it's my turn!"
By Wang Min
21st Century Teens staff
The question is: What did they practice doing at first?
The possible answers are:
A:running .
B:standing and squatting
C:squatting
D:standingMany cultures have different ideas about why people catch colds. For example in the United States, some people think that you can catch a cold if your feet get cold. So, mothers tell small children to wear warm boots in the winter. In other places, including parts of the Middle East, some people believe that strong winds cause colds. So, on trains and buses, people usually don't like to sit next to open windows. In parts of Europe, some people think that wearing wet clothes will give you a cold. They say that after you go swimming, you should quickly put on dry clothes. Today, scientists know that colds are caused by a virus . But the old ideas are still very strong, and many _ .
The question is: Which is NOT a cause of colds in the reading?
The possible answers are:
A:bad food
B:wet clothes
C:a virus
D:strong windsIn today's world many people seem to be hungry for money. Money does have its most useful effect on the poor. But once a person has a rich life, a lot more money doesn`t mean more happiness.
If money were everything, all millionaires  would have real love, true friendship, good health and a long life. However, this is not always true .But can love be bought ?I`m afraid not . Love means to give , not to take . To every person , health and long life are probably the most precious things . Well , can health and a long life be bought with money ? The answer is "No".
Of all the longest living people in the world, few of them are millionaires. True friendship can't be bought, either. In a word, where money is dreamed too much, it can cause brothers to quarrel, marriage to end, lovers to hate, and strangers to fight. No matter how much money you have, it is still not enough to make a happy person if you have no one to laugh with, no one to cry for.
,.
The question is: what does the sentence "Love means to give , not to take "mean in the passage ?
The possible answers are:
A:,
B:,
C:,
D:,Kunming is the capital of Yunnan. It's a city with a long history. Kunming has a population of more than 5,000,000. Though the weather in  Yunnan changes from place to place, Kunming is famous for her beautiful weather. It's neither too hot in summer nor too cold in winter. That's why more and more people like to travel and even to live there. You can see that great changes have taken place here. A lot of tall buildings, cinemas and hospitals have been put up. You can cross the streets over footbridges in the city. You can buy whatever you want in shops and supermarkets in or around the city. People's lives are becoming better and better.
At weekend or on holiday, people like to relax themselves in different places and in different ways. In winter, people especially old people would like to climb the Western Hills. From the top of Hills, you can have a good look at the beautiful scenery of Kunming. Far away from the Hills, you can enjoy the Sleeping Beauty among the Hills. After supper, families take a walk along the bank of Dianchi Lake. The Golden Temple and EXPO Garden are two famous places of interest in the north of the city. EXPO Garden is known to people both at home and abroad. You can spend a whole day visiting the world-famous garden. A little farther away from the southeast of the city, a special forest welcomes you. It is not a tree forest, but a stone forest. So it is called the Stone Forest.
People in Kunming are really friendly. They often invite their friends home to try delicious food, like rice or noodles. If you want to know more about Kunming and taste her food, please visit her yourself.
The question is: The weather in Yunnan is   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:the same in different places
B:neither too hot nor too cold
C:different in different places
D:different in the same placeSaturday, June 30th, 2012
I asked to have a dinner party at the biggest hotel in my hometown--New York today.
I was very busy,so I had no time to change my clothes for dinner.Then I drove there as soon as possible.But when I came in, no one saw me and gave me a seat.I got angry.
Then I went back home,put on my best clothes.At about nine o'clock,I returned again.This time,everyone stood up at once and said"hello"to me.And I was taken to the best table and given the best food.I got much angrier.I took off my coat,put it in the food and said: _ They were very surprised and asked,"Why are you doing this?"
I said" _ "
The question is: It happened in  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:spring
B:summer
C:autumn
D:winterDear Tom
How are you? I'm at a new school this term. And I'm writing to you about my school now. My new school is big and nice. There are one thousand and four hundred students and one hundred and forty teachers at my school. I like the teachers. They are very kind to me. My classmates are very friendly, too. They teach me Chinese and I teach them English.
There are trees, flowers and green grass at my school. They are very beautiful. Behind my school there is a small river. The water in it is quite clean. We can swim in it.
We have no classes on Saturdays or Sundays. Sometimes I go to play football or basketball with my classmates. Sometimes I stay at home and watch TV. Sometimes I go to shops with my father and mother. We all like China.
Please write to me soon!
Yours
Jack
The question is: Jack is at a/an   _   school.
The possible answers are:
A:English
B:Chinese
C:small
D:JapaneseJack Green is 75 years old. He is not in good condition. "I think I'm ill," he tells his wife, "I feel awful. I've got a headache and I don't feel like eating."
"You've put on a lot of weight recently. You should see the doctor," his wife says, "ask him how to lose weight. It's not good for your health."
"OK," says Jack. He goes to see a doctor.
The doctor checks his heart and weighs him. Then he says, "You are too heavy. You need to do some excercise to lose about 30 kilograms. Run two miles a day for the next 100 days. Then call and tell me your weight."
A week later, the doctor receives a call from Jack. "Doctor, I ran two miles every day and I feel much better. But I have a new problem."
"What's that?" asks the doctor.
"I'm 14 miles away from home, and I can't find my way back."
Choose the right answer according to the passage.
The question is: Why does Jack feel awful?
The possible answers are:
A:Because he is in good condition.
B:Because he has a headache.
C:Because he feels like eating.
D:Because he works hard.Mr. White works in an office. One day, when he had lunch, a friend came to visit him . They were very happy and talked a lot. Then they looked at the clock on the wall. It was time to go to office. He had to stay goodbye to his friend and left. It was raining hard and the streets were wet. He drove too fast to see the red lights . And he couldn't stop his car and hit a car in front of his. An old man got off and called out angrily, " What are you doing? Do you want to hit me to death ?"
"I'm sorry , sir," said Mr. White . "I didn't find the lights turned red." Then he brought out a bottle of wine  and gave it to the old man .21
" It's very cold today , sir ," said Mr. white . "Please drink a little , then you'll be warmer."
The old man drank some wine and became happy. "I'm feeling much better now. Why don't you drink any?" he asked.
"I can't drink anything now ,sir," answered Mr. White."I'm waiting for the policeman to come .Only drunkers cause accidents, you know!"
The question is: Mr White gave a bottle of wine to the old man   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:to put the blame onto him
B:to make him happy
C:to make him warm
D:to leave there before the policemanIn recent years advances in medical technology have made it possible for people to live longer than in the past. New medicines and instruments are being developed every day to extend life. However,some people,including some doctors, are not in favour of these life extending measures,and they argue that people should have the right to die when they want. They say that the quality of life is as important as life itself,and that people should not be forced to go on living when conditions of life have become unbearable(. They say that people should be allowed to die with dignity  and to decide when they want to die. Others argue that life under any conditions is better.
The question is: In recent years, people can live longer than in the past,It's because of  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:the development of medical technology
B:big hospitals
C:good doctors
D:both B and CHans said to his friend Kurt, "I'm going to take my car to drive to London."
Kurt said, "Driving to London is very hard. You aren't going to find your hotel." But Hans was not afraid. He drove to Calais, put his car on the ship, took it off at Dover, and drove to London.
He stopped near the city and looked at his map. Then he drove into London, but he did not find his hotel. He drove round and round for an hour, and then he stopped and got out of his car. A taxi came, and Hans stopped it. "Take me to the Brussels Hotel," he said. But he did not get into the taxi: he got back into his car. The taxi man laughed, but then he drove to the Brussels Hotel, and Hans followed him in his car. They reached the hotel in two minutes.
,.
The question is: Hans went to London by   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:car
B:sea
C:air
D:both sea and landAngela Chang   didn't know it would be so hard to turn singing into a career  . She went to many different record companies. But she was always _ for looking too young and small.
"I'd never had such difficulties before," Chang said. But Chang's talent was finally accepted in 2002. When she got a piece of work, she cried.
She soon became a star. Her first albumOver the Rainbowsold very well. She won many awards.
"You wouldn't believe such a beautiful voice could come from such a small body," said one musician after hearing Chang sing. "She has a special voice. You can't forget it."
But the 25-year-old girl has other talents too. Chang is also an actress. She has played a role in the popular TV plays, My MVP ValentineandAt Dolphin Bay. Many people remember her common-girl parts in the plays. But acting is difficult. Chang once acted so badly that she was nearly fired  . Another time it took her 27 tries to get a scene   right.
"I cried when I got back home," Chang said. "But I knew that I wouldn't always fail. You only fail when you give up."
Now with four albums behind her -Over the Rainbow, Aurora, Pandoraand Flower in the Wonderland, it's clear that Chang and music were made for each other. As she sings in one song, "I have a pair of invisible wings  . They fly me to the skies and give me hope."
The question is: Although acting is difficult for her, she never gives up because   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:she is strong-minded
B:people like her films
C:she is interested in acting
D:she acted in the popular TV playsOn the first day of school, Jack found a little old lady with a warm smile."Hi, handsome. My name is Rose. I'm 87 years old."she said.
"Why are you in university at such a YOUNG age?" Jack asked.
"I'm here to meet a rich husband, get married, have a couple of kids, and then retired and travel." she answered.
Jack knew she's joking but he was surprised what encouraged her to be here at her age.
"I always dreamed of having a university education and now I'm getting one!" she told me. We became friends. Every day they would talk after class. Jack always enjoyed listening to this "time machine" as she shared her wisdom  and experience with him. And Rose easily made friends wherever she went.
At the end of the term, Rose was invited to make a little speech. She said, "We don't stop playing because we're old. We grow old because we stop playing. Being happy and achieving success may keep you staying young. If you have a dream, hold on. When you lose your dreams, you die."
"Anybody can grow older. _ doesn't take any talent  or ability. The idea is to grow up by always finding the chance in change..."
The question is: Rose, an 87-year-old lady, was Jack's   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:granny
B:classmate
C:teacher
D:friendMr. Jones had a nice brown coat . He loved it very much, but his wife didn't like it. Because it was old. She often said. " Give it to a poor man . " But Mr. Jones always answered, " No, I like this coat. "
Then a cigarette  fell on it and made a hole in it. So Mrs Jones said, "Please don't wear it again. " Mr. Jones took it to a small tailor  " Please make another coat like this one ." The tailor made the coat very carefully. Then he lit  a cigarette, and made a hole in it in the same place.
The question is: Who do you think was foolish ?
The possible answers are:
A:The tailor
B:Mr. Jones
C:Mrs. Jones
D:NobodyHawaii is famous for its beaches. Every year water sports, especially surfing and water skiing attract many tourists to the island.
Hawaii has been a magical name to people who like to travel for many years. People on both sides of the Pacific Ocean  in Japan and in America, dream of seeing these beautiful islands in the middle of the ocean. In the tropical  lands, the sun drops like a ball of golden glow  that light the sky in the quiet water.
People often have a quiet, enjoyable time walking along the water. The scenery here is not very different from the exciting beauty that greeted the first tourists to these islands centuries ago. They came in canoes not much bigger than small boats.
They found the beautiful white sand beaches and the waving palm trees , but there were no grand hotels like the ones we see today. The first people came to Hawaii nearly two thousand years ago, but skyscraper  hotels were only built in the last 25 years. Now planes make it possible to fly to Hawaii for a weekend from Tokyo or San Francisco.
No matter where people come from, they really want to see the earliest beauty of Hawaii. They want to see the lovely beaches and the mountains which are almost hidden by the tall hotels.
The question is: The beauty of the islands   _   for centuries.
The possible answers are:
A:has changed
B:has greeted the first tourists
C:has remained nearly unchanged
D:has been the sameBen Jones was walking home from school one day when he saw a black cat. It was walking across the
srteet in front of him.Ben stopped, turned around, and walked down a different srteet to go home. Why did he do that?
"It's unlucky when a black cat crossed the street in front of you," says Ben, "I did not want to walk down that street!"
Many people think that some things bring bad luck or good luck. For example, some people think that 13 is an unlucky number. They never invite 13 people to a party.
"I never walk under a ladder  ," says Ben. "And I never open an umbrella inside the house. They both bring bad luck."
And what brings good luck? "We have a horseshoe over the front door of our house for good luck," says Ben."And when I find a peney on the ground, I always pick it up. That brings me good luck all day!"
The question is: Why did Ben turn around when he saw the black cat crossing the street?
The possible answers are:
A:Because he thought it was lucky.
B:Because he disliked a black cat.
C:Because he was afraid of the cat.
D:Because he thought it was unlucky.Choose the best answer (,)
I put my carry-on in the luggage compartment , and sat down in my seat.Just before take-off,a line of soldiers came down the aisle  and filled all the empty seats.
After flying for about an hour,an announcement was made that sack lunch  were available for $5.As I reached for my wallet to buy one,I overheard the soldier ask his buddy if he planned to buy lunch."No ,that seems like a lot of money for just a sack lunch.I'll wait till we get to Chicago."His friend agreed.
I looked around at the other soldiers.None were buying lunch.I walked to the back of the plane,and handed the flight attendant a $50 bill."
Take a lunch to all those soldiers."
After we finished eating. I went again to the back of the plane,heading for the restroom.A man stopped me."I saw what you did.I want to be part of it.Here,take this."He handed me $25.
Soon after I returned to my seat,I saw the Flight Captain coming down the aisle.
When he got to my row,he stopped and said,"I want to shake your hand.I was a soldier and I was a military  pilot.Once,someone bought me a lunch.
It was an act of kindness I never forgot."I was embarrassed when applause  was heard from all of the passengers.
Later I walked to the front of the plane so I could stretch my legs.A man who was seated about six rows in front of me reached out his hand,wanting to shake mine.He left another $25 in my hand.
We landed in Chicago,I picked up my belongings.Waiting just inside the airplane door was a man who stopped me and put something in my shirt pocket.Another $25.
Upon entering the terminal ,I saw the soldiers gathering for their trip to their base.I walked over to them and handed them $75."It will take you some time to reach the base.It will be about time for a sandwich.God Bless You."I  said.
These soldiers were giving their all  for our country.I could only give them a couple of meals.It seemed so little.
The question is: When the writer bought lunch for the soldiers,.
The possible answers are:
A:he wanted the soldiers to thank him
B:he expected others to pay for them with him
C:he wanted to impress the Flight Captain
D:he didn't know others would notice what he didWhich is more useful? 
Thomas is in Grade Two now. He goes to school from Monday to Friday. After school he must do some housework. He helps his parents on the farm  on Saturdays and Sundays. So he doesn't have any time to play soccer in the daytime. He often plays soccer with his friends in the moon  .
It's five in the afternoon. School is over. Thomas goes home and cooks for his family. After dinner he sees his friend Paul near his house and asks him to play soccer. The boy looks at the sky and sees the moon. Then he asks," Which is more useful, the sun or the moon?"
"I think the moon is," says Thomas. "We need light   in the evening, because we see not the sun, but the moon!"
The question is: Thomas' parents are   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:workers
B:teachers
C:policemen
D:farmersThis month inTravelersCorner there are three teenagers' experiences in year-abroad programmes.
Mariko Okada - Tokyo
My year abroad in the United States was a fantastic experience. I'm not a shy person, and I was very comfortable speaking to everyone. So I got lots of speaking practice. I also learned many English songs and lots of interesting things about American culture. When I got home, my friends all said that I had improved so much! I hope to go back again in the future.
Carla Fonseca - Rio de Janeiro
I spent last year studying English in London. I'm from a small town, and London is a very big city. Sometimes I felt it was too big. There were so many people to talk to, but I always felt bad about my English. I missed my family, and I really missed my two cats. My roommate was always using our telephone, so I hardly had the chance for a nice long talk with my parents. I think it was a good experience for me, but I'm glad to be home!
Alvin Chen - Hong Kong
Studying in New Zealand was a fun experience for me, but it was also lots of hard work! I had English classes six hours a day, five days a week----with lots of homework. I also kept a diary of my experience. I like to write, and I wrote two or three pages in my diary every day. On Saturdays, my homestay family took me to lots of interesting places and showed me so many wonderful things about the culture. I'm really glad I went.
The question is: Where did Mariko visit?
The possible answers are:
A:Tokyo
B:London
C:the United States
D:New ZealandLast summer Jenny and her friends had a bus trip to New York. She felt very relaxing on the way. They visited a museum. But it's really crowded there and the display  were not interesting at all. They went to different restaurants to have dinner. Some food was quite delicious, but Jenny thought the fast food was terrible. When the weather was fine, they went to the beach to swim. The sea was beautiful and they had a good time.
The question is: They thought the display was   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:interesting
B:cheap
C:crowded
D:boringMost American families are smaller than the families in other countries.Most American families have one or two parents and one or two children each.
Children in the US will leave their parents' home when they grow up.They usually live far from their parents because they want to find good jobs.They often write to their parents or telephone them.And they often go to visit their parents on holiday.
Parents usually let their children choose their own jobs.Americans think it is important for young people to decide on their lives by themselves.
Parents ask children to do some work around their house.And in many families, parents pay their children for doing some housework so that hey learn how to make money for their own use.
The question is: Some parents pay their children for doing housework because   _   .
The possible answers are:
A:they want their children to learn how to make money for themselves
B:their children asked them to do so
C:they are rich
D:the law requires them to do soChina is a country with a long history. It has great traditional culture, especially Chinese characters. Chinese characters usually have more than one meaning and some of them are very interesting. Here are six ones. We use "pinyin" here because "pinyin" is the Chinese spelling way for the characters. For example, "fu" is the "pinyin" for good luck in Chinese. "pinyin" "fu" is only the phonic part of the character and if you want to know the meaning of good luck "fu", you must read Chinese character  because "fu" also represents  other Chinese characters that sound the same.
"fu" means blessing, good fortune, good luck. Chinese _ "fu" is one of the most popular ones used during Chinese New Year. Chinese people often put up "fu" upside down on the front door of a house or an apartment. The upside down "fu" means good luck comes since the character for upside down in Chinese sounds the same as the character for "come".
"lu" is used to mean official's a pay in old China. "shou" means long life, age or birthday. "xi" is happiness, The doubled character "xi" means double happiness. It is usually put up everywhere at Chinese weddings. "cai" is weath or money. Chinese often say " money can make a ghost turn a millstone". It is to say money really can do a lot of things. But, money can't buy everything. "he" is an important part of Chinese culture. It means good relations with other people, when you have "he", things will be a lot easier for you.
The top six lucky Chinese charaters. "fu" "lu" "shou" "xi" "cai" "he",are particularly loved by Chinese people.
The question is: People in China most probably put up the Chinese Characters   _   on the front door at their wedding.
The possible answers are:
A:upside down "cai"
B:upside down "fu"
C:doubled "xi"
D:doubled "he"According lo a new survey . Students' safety has become a big problem .Nearly 50% of students say they are worried about robbery  on the way to and from school.Now in main big cities.in China some schools have taught all unusual lesson: self-protection. Students like this lesson because there are no exams or boring classes. And they can learn how to save lives and know how to stop danger before it really happens.
Chen Haoyu, a teacher at Beijing No 25 Middle School .give young students advice on how to deal with danger
If you are robbed
Keep calm.lf youcan not cry for help or run away.Give the robber your money.Try to remember what the robber looks like and tell the police later. If you are in a traffic accident.
It a car hitsyou. You should remember the car number.If it is a bicycle. Try to call your parents before you let the rider go. This is because you don't know how seriously you are hurt
If it is raining hard and there is lighting.  
Don't stay in high places and stayaway from trees.
When there is a fire.Get away as fast as yon can.Put wet things on your body and try to find an exit.Do not lake the lift.
If someone is drowning 
If you can't swim. don't get into the water. Cry out for help.
Remember that danger is never as far away as you think.Take care of yourself at alI times!
The question is: There   _   ways of self-protection mentioned in the passage.
The possible answers are:
A:3
B:4
C:5
D:6Mr. Brown lives in America and has a big factory there. He is busy all the time. But when he takes his holidays, he always goes traveling and has been to about thirty countries. One summer he went to visit Moscow. There he heard the workers were paid much less than those in his countries. And most factories couldn't work because they were short of   money. He thought he would save much money if he invested   in a factory there. The Russians knew it and warmly met him and he was invited to visit a modern factory. He went to the workplaces, watched carefully how the machines worked. The workers worked hard when he went in.
Soon it was time to have lunch. Mr. Brown went in the dining -room. Meat, eggs, milk and bread could be bough there. It seemed that they weren't short of anything. Mr. Brown came up to an old worker and sat down next to him.
Are you satisfied with your life, sir? Asked Mr. Brown.
"Of course," the worker answered and went on drinking.
"What do you have now?"
"I live in beautiful villa   ," answered the man. "I have a new fridge, a new color television and I drive a new car to my factory."
"What's your next wish, then?"
"To buy a pair of strong shoes!"
The question is: At last, Mr. Brown knew  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:the old worker had a happy life
B:the factory was cheating him
C:the factory wasn't short of anything
D:the workers didn't want anythingWang Guozhen,  a poet, died of cancer at the age of 59 0n April 26, 2015, one month before his latest book was to be published c), according to Beijing News.The poet's death has started heated discussions online.
He was a graduate of Jinan University in Guangzhou, where he majored  in literature. Wang began to write poems in 1985, when his works often appeared in news-papers and magazines.
His books sold so well in 1990 that the people in the publishing business called it"The year of Wang Guozhen". In the following ten years he had written over 50 books.His works such as Going the Distance and Beyond Yourself have influenced a large number of readers born in the 60s and 70s and some of his poems are still often quoted  by famous people and writers.
During a speech at the 2013 APEC CEO Summit in Indonesia, Chinese President Xi Jinping quoted a sentence from Wang's poem, saying "There is no mountain higher than man, and no road longer than his feet", which made Wang's works more popular.
"I was inspired by his poems and copied every sentence down on my notebooks, Wang Ling, a Sina wei bo user, wrote  "I still miss the time when I had the patience to read poems and really believed in the world built by his words.
The question is: Wang Guozhen was born in the year   _
The possible answers are:
A:1990
B:1985
C:1963
D:1956Nora, a 17-year-old American, notices that when she has to do a paper for school and researches it on the Internet, she rarely reads a whole page and does deep reading. "I'll read the beginning of a paragraph and then I'll skip  the rest," she says.
While Nora's mother, Martha, loves sitting down with a good book and reading carefully, her daughter may be the wave of the future.
"Deep reading", or slow reading, is a process in which people think carefully while they read. With most, that means slowing down --- even stopping and rereading a page or paragraph to really understand what the author is trying to say.
Last summer, Google CEO Eric Schmidt said he was concerned about what he sees as a decline in slow reading. Instant messages and 140-character tweets appear to be reducing out ability to concentrate on a single idea or theme of a book, he told Foreign Policy Magazine.
It's easy to forget the benefits of deep reading in an age when anything worth doing is done fast. Experts warn that without deep reading, it is impossible to be an educated person of the world, a knowledgeable voter or even an imaginative thinker.
"If you want to have a deep relationship with a text and understand a complex idea, then slow reading is a preferred style. It is good for pleasure, too. It is not a rushed experience and you can lose yourself in a text," said Canadian writer John Miedema, the author of the book Slow Reading.
US' Ohlone College English professor Cynthia Lee Katona says reading is a highly social activity that builds the mind and social connections. If you read, she says, you simply know more and have more to talk about with friends, partners and people you know.
Deep reading can also take a reader on a trip around the world even if they are sitting in a living room armchair, Katona says. Also, deep reading helps people develop thinking, writing and conversation skills.
"If you like beautiful things, authors put words together that are really beautiful and expressive," she says. "If you want to write well--- and there are lots of reasons to express yourself clearly --- you should read."
The question is: What is the main point of the article?
The possible answers are:
A:The importance of deep reading.
B:How to improve reading skills.
C:The benefits of different reading styles.
D:The secrets of a knowledgeable personThis is a picture of Mr Wang's family. The man in the middle is Mr Wang, the father. The woman is the mother. They have two daughters. One is Wang Fang. She is twelve. The other is Wang Li. She is thirteen. Wang Fang and Wang Li are in the same school, but not in the same   grade. Wang Fang is in Grade One. Wang Li is in Grade Two. They are good students.
The question is: Wang Li is    _   sister.
The possible answers are:
A:Mr Wang's
B:Mrs Wang's
C:Wang Fang's
D:Mr and Mrs Wang'sDear Disney,
Last weekend, the four members of my family spent an enjoyable holiday at the Magic Kingdom - Disneyland. And one event made our visit seem truly magical.
We got to the front of the line at Space Mountain, only to find out that our little daughter Gloria
couldn't take her ice-cream on the ride. We were so excited that we all forgot ice-cream was not allowed on the ride.
Gloria broke into tears and we all had no idea what to do. Then Murphy, one of the staff  members, came over. She bent down and told Gloria that she would hold the ice-cream for her and give it to her when she finished the ride. Gloria said, "Promise?" Then she gave Murphy her ice-cream, and she completely enjoyed the ride.
Sure enough, as we walked out the exit, there was Gloria's new friend with "her" ice-cream.
Now you and I both know what happened, because we know that an ice-cream won't last twenty minutes on a summer afternoon in Florida. Murphy knew what time we would get off the ride. she went to the nearest shop and bought a brand-new ice-cream thirty seconds before we walked out the exit. Gloria said, "Thank you," but I'm sure she thought it was the same ice-cream.
We know that _ tried hard to make our visit special. Thanks so much for going above and beyond!
Your fan,
Carmen Rivera
The question is: The family's visit to the Magic Kingdom was   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:helpful
B:awful
C:frightening
D:enjoyableSchool education is very important and useful. The students both learn knowledge and get educated. Yet, no one can learn everything from school. Scientists, such as Edison, Newton, Galileo and Einstein, didn't learn everything from school. They learnt a lot of knowledge outside school or practiced a lot themselves. A teacher, though he knows a lot, can't teach his students everything.
The teacher's job is to teach his students how to learn, how to read and how to think. A good teacher with rich experience in teaching can teach his students the methods (="ways)" of study. Through these methods students are able to learn and get a lot of things by themselves.
Usually it's very easy for students to memorize some knowledge, but it is difficult to use it to solve problems. If a teacher really teaches students the ability  of how to use knowledge, it means the teacher has learned lots of knowledge by himself(or herself). The success in learning shows he or she knows how how how to study.
(,10)
The question is: Which of the following is the best title?
The possible answers are:
A:A real job for teachers
B:Study in and outside school
C:Practice-the only way of learning
D:How to learn languagePresents For Children's Day
Charles M. Schulz was born in 1922 in Minneapolis, the only child of a housewife and a barber. His interest in comics was encouraged by his father, who loved the funny pages. Charles M. Schulz sold seventeen cartoons to the Saturday Evening Post from 1948 to 1950 and Li'l Folks to the St. Paul Pioneer Press. Peanuts debuted  on October 2, 1950, and ran without interruption for the next fifty years. Charles M. Schulz died in 2000.
*IT'S A DOG'S LIFE  SNOOPY
It's a Dog's Life, Snoopy brings all your familiar friends together for great times and fun.
*IT'S A BIG WORLD  CHARLIE BROWN
Charlie Brown faces some of life's little challenges with the help of Snoopy, Lucy, Peppermint Patty, Linus, and the rest of the gang  in It's a Big World, Charlie Brown.
*PEANUTS 2000
The last one is the special edition Peanuts 2000, which includes all the last year's Peanuts comic strip and Charles M. Schulz's famous farewell strip.
Come and visit our website at www.ballantinebooks.com or come to Ballantine Bookshop, you'll have a big surprise.
The question is: Who doesn't belong to the Peanuts gang?
The possible answers are:
A:Snoopy.
B:Lucy.
C:Charles M. Schulz.
D:Peppermint Patty.Your homework habits might be affecting your grades. Are you feeling tired or bored when it comes to homework time? Are you arguing with parents about your grades? You can change the way you feel by taking better care of your mind and your body. Get the sleep you need.
Studies show that teens' natural sleeping habits are different from those of adults. This often causes less sleep among teens, since they tend to have trouble going to sleep at night, and have trouble waking in the mornings. You can avoid some of the problems that come with less sleep by changing some of your nighttime habits.
Improve your memory
A great way to improve your homework habits is to improve your memory with brain exercise. There are many theories and ideas about improving memory, but there is one mnemonic  method that has been around since ancient times. Ancient accounts show that early Greek and Roman orators used the "loci" method of remembering long speeches and lists. You may be able to use this method to improve your memory at test time.
Fight the desire to delay
Do you get the sudden desire to feed the dog at homework time? Don't fall for it! Delay is like a little white lie we tell ourselves. We often think we'll feel better about studying later if we do something fun now, like playing with a pet, watching a TV show, or even cleaning our room. It's not true.
Avoid repetitive  stress
During text messaging, Internet surfing, and computer writing, you are using your hand muscles in all new ways, and you're very easily to be influenced by something dangerous or the repetitive stress injury. Find out how to avoid pain in your hands and neck by changing the way you sit at your computer.
The question is: Which statement is NOT right according to the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:Homework habits can affect the study grade.
B:Only Roman orators were able to use the "loci" method to remember.
C:It's not good to desire to feed the pets when you are doing the homework.
D:There are four ideas of behaving Healthy Homework Habits mentioned.On a cold morning at a bus station, a man played six famous pieces of music for about an hour. During that time, about two thousand people went through the station, most of them were on their way to work.
3 minutes later: a middle-aged man noticed there was a musician playing. He slowed down, stopped for a few seconds and went away.
4 minutes later: the musician received his first dollar. A woman threw the money in the box and kept on walking without stopping.
6 minutes later: a young man stopped to listen to him. Then he looked at his watch and started to walk again.
10 minutes later: a 3-year-old boy stopped to look at the musician, but his mother took him away. Several other children did the same as the boy. And nearly all the parents took their children away.
45 minutes later: the musician kept on playing. Only 6 people stopped and stayed for a while. About 20 persons gave him money but left quickly.
After 1 hour, the musician finished playing. In the end, he collected $ 32. No one noticed that he had finished playing.
No one knew this, but the musician was Joshua Bell, one of the best musicians in the world. At that time, he played one of the most wonderful pieces ever written, with a very expensive violin.
If we do not have time to stop and listen to one of the best musicians in the world playing with the most beautiful violin, how many other things are we missing?
The question is: Nearly all the parents   _   while they went past the musician.
The possible answers are:
A:took their children away
B:threw the money into the box
C:stayed with their children listening
D:looked at their watchMost children think it's exciting to have a pet dog.In fact,it's great fun to play with a pet dog.But a few days later,you may cry,"My dog won't stop barking!"or"My pet won't come when I call him!"So,do you really know how to care for dogs?
Chihlren love dogs,and dogs love children,too.You can teach your dog to sit,lie down,and even play games with you,but you should not be _ to him.For example,don't drag him around by the leg or the head,and don't hit him.What's more,when he looks ill,you should take him to the vet .
You can teach your dog to sit without touching him.Here's how to teach him.You can hold a snack above his head and ask him to sit.When your dog sits,tell him"Good boy!"If he walks away instead of sitting,let him smell the food,then move it a little higher and try again.
Soon,your dog will know it's time to sit when he sees you give him his dinner or a snack.Then you can add the word"sit".Use it when you want to give him food or comb his hair.And you know,your pet dog learns quickly!
The question is: According to the passage,we can know that  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:no parents love pet dogs
B:we can drag the dog around by the leg
C:the dog can learn to sit if you want to teach him
D:pet dogs can't learn anything quickly"Memorize   these words." "Learn this spelling rule." "Don't forget about the exam tomorrow." You remember things every day, but how do you do it?
When you want to call a store or an office that you don't call often, you look in the telephone book for the number. You _ the number, and then you forget it! You use your short-term   memory to remember the number. Your short-term memory lasts about half a minute. However, you don't need to look in the telephone book for your best friend's number because you already know it. This information is in your long-term memory. Your long-term memory has everything that you remember through the years. The major reason for forgetting something is because you do not learn it well at the beginning. For example, you meet some new people, and right away you forget their names. You hear the names but you do not learn them, so you forget them.
The question is: How long does the long-term memory last?
The possible answers are:
A:About half a minute
B:About 60 minutes
C:As long as you live
D:Through many yearsWhenever there's a terrible storm, there are plenty of sad stories. Many people lost their houses, their cars and their pets. But sometimes these stories have happy endings too.
A family in New Jersey, US, had a cat named Vivien. She is very smart. She could even draw with her wet paws on the floor. They all love her very much. When hurricane   Sandy hit America in October, they moved to a safer place-13km away from home. Sadly Vivien went missing. The whole family were worried about her. They put up posters on the Internet to look for her. All the nine family members searched wherever they thought she could stay, but they didn't find it. The family thought Vivien was gone forever.
But six months later, Vivien showed up at their house, according to Yahoo News. They considered her return as a wonder. No one can be sure where Vivien was for all that time.
Many animals are good at finding their way home. People usually say that dogs and cats find their way home through using their sense of smell.
But that doesn't explain how Vivien found her way back. Hurricane Sandy blew away the normal smells of home.
"I wish she could talk," said her owner.
The question is: Which of the following is NOT true?
The possible answers are:
A:Vivien could even draw.
B:The family tried hard to look for the pet.
C:The owner knew how the cat found her way home.
D:Many people lost their houses, their cars and their pets because of the hurricane.In today's class, I will teach you how to send birthday e-cards to friends anywhere in the world without leaving our classroom.I'll show it to you on 123 Greetings, which is one of the most popular free-card websites.
Step 1  Connect your computer to the Internet and go to 123 Greetings.Click "Happy Birthday".You will see hundreds of e-cards.Choose the card you'd like to send.
Step 2  Design your e-card.After clicking the card you want, you'll see the "Design" menu.In it you can find many things you can change to suit your taste, such as the colors and music.
Step 3  Add your message in the message box.The message box provides space for you to type a message.Think of something special and type the message into the box.
Step 4  Enter your e-mail address.Then enter the e-mail address of the recipient.Choose whether you want to be notified   when your birthday e-card has been read.You can also choose whether to send the card immediately or at a later time.
The question is: If you want to change the music of your e-card, you need to   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:choose another e-card.
B:type your e-mail address into the box.
C:go to the "Design" menu
D:click "send".Presents For Children's Day
Charles M. Schulz was born in 1922 in Minneapolis, the only child of a housewife and a barber. His interest in comics was encouraged by his father, who loved the funny pages. Charles M. Schulz sold seventeen cartoons to the Saturday Evening Post from 1948 to 1950 and Li'l Folks to the St. Paul Pioneer Press. Peanuts debuted  on October 2, 1950, and ran without interruption for the next fifty years. Charles M. Schulz died in 2000.
*IT'S A DOG'S LIFE  SNOOPY
It's a Dog's Life, Snoopy brings all your familiar friends together for great times and fun.
*IT'S A BIG WORLD  CHARLIE BROWN
Charlie Brown faces some of life's little challenges with the help of Snoopy, Lucy, Peppermint Patty, Linus, and the rest of the gang  in It's a Big World, Charlie Brown.
*PEANUTS 2000
The last one is the special edition Peanuts 2000, which includes all the last year's Peanuts comic strip and Charles M. Schulz's famous farewell strip.
Come and visit our website at www.ballantinebooks.com or come to Ballantine Bookshop, you'll have a big surprise.
The question is: Why did young Charles become interested in comics?
The possible answers are:
A:He wanted to sell cartoons
B:His mother encouraged him.
C:Cartoons brought him great times and fun
D:His father's love for the funny pages influenced him.A father and his young son get into a bus in a small city and sit down. The bus conductor comes to them for their money. The man says "I want one ticket to Oxford." and gives her a shilling( ).
The conductor looks at the small boy for a few seconds and then says to him, "How old are you young man?"
The man begins speaking,but the conductor stops him,and the boy says, "I'm four years old at home, and two and a half in buses and trains."
The man has to take six pence  out of his bag and gives the money to the conductor. The conductor gives him one and a half tickets.
The question is: The conductor asks  _   how old he is.
The possible answers are:
A:the father
B:the little boy
C:the bus driver
D:the father and the sonSix years ago, Ann graduated  from college with a degree in Art. Now she is twenty-nine and works for a large computer company. She takes classes twice a week after work. She is learning to use the computer program PowerPoint. "I enjoy the college, but my job doesn't use the information I learned at college." Ann says. "The course is helping me to do my job better."
In the past, when students graduated from college and got a job, they usually stopped studying. Today, lifelong learning is becoming more common. In many countries, some people return to school in their late twenties, thirties, or even older to get a higher degree. More people are taking training courses to improve their working skills after work. People can also get degrees or training through the Internet.
Ann's sixty-year-old mother and father are taking courses in Art and Music. "We love these two subjects. Learning is so much fun."They say happily, "It's never too old to learn."
The question is: More people are taking training courses after work in order to  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:improve their working skills
B:enjoy Art and Music
C:study computer programs
D:make more moneyYouth, friendship and love are the main themes of this year's Chinese movies, such as So Young(<<>> ) and American Dreams in China(<<>> ). Tiny Times(<<>> ), one of the most popular movies this summer, also has the same features.
The movie was based on author and director Guo Jingming's novel of the same name. It tells a story about four girls who come from different backgrounds and of different personalities. Since it was shown on June 27, Tiny Times has made 483 million yuan at the box office. The sequel  of it was shown on Aug 8 and it has also been a big box office hit.
Cao Yuhan, 13, a high school student at Beijing Jianhua Experimental School, is a big fan of the movie. "I'm deeply touched by their friendship," Cao said. "When Nan Xiwang is in trouble, the other three girls try their best to help her, even running barefoot in the snow. However, not everyone has had good things to say. The people's Daily said that the film went too far in encouraging youths to become materialistic . Film commentator Raymond Zhou wrote on his online blog that "Buying luxury goods seems as a way to express love or friendship, and the word 'money' is repeated over and over again. Song Kexin, 14, a high school student at Zhida Middle School in Taiyuan, Shanxi, shows a typical example of a fan's attitude . And that's to look for the positive value. "That movie is a little far from our daily life. My friends and I are not having parties every day," Song said, "But I admire Tang Wanru's optimistic attitude. She's always looking at the bright side of life. I should learn from her."
The question is: What does film commentator Zhou Liming think of the movie?
The possible answers are:
A:The four girls' friendship is touching.
B:It encourages the young to work hard.
C:It has many advertisements for luxury goods.
D:It shows money expresses love or friendship.An eight-year-old child heard her parents talking about her little brother. All she knew was that he was very sick and they had no money. Only a very expensive operation   could save him now and there was no one to lend them the money. When she heard her daddy say to her tearful mother, "Only a miracle   can save him now," the little girl went to her bedroom and pulled her money from its hiding place and counted it carefully. She ran to a drugstore with the money in her hand.
"And what do you want?" asked the salesman.
"It's for my little brother," the girl answered. "He's really, really sick and I want to buy a miracle."
"Pardon?" said the salesman.
"My brother Andrew has something bad growing inside his head and my daddy says only a miracle can save him. So how much does a miracle cost?"
"We don't sell a miracle here, child. I'm sorry," the salesman said with a smile.
"Listen, if it isn't enough, I can try and get some more. Just tell me how much it costs."
A well-dressed man heard it and asked, "What kind of a miracle does your brother need?"
"I don't know," she answered with her eyes full of tears. "He's really sick and mum says he needs an operation. But my daddy can't pay for it, so I have brought all my money."
"How much do you have?" asked the man.
"$ 1.11, but I can try and get some more," she answered.
"Well, what luck," smiled the man. "$ 1.11, the price of a miracle for little brothers." He took up the girl's hand and said, "Take me to where you live. I want to see your brother and meet your parents. Let's see if I have the kind of miracle you need."
That well-dressed man was Dr Carlton Armstrong, a famous doctor. The operation was successful and it wasn't long before Andrew was home again
How much did the miracle cost?
The question is: In the eye of the little girl, a miracle might be   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:something interesting
B:something beautiful
C:some wonderful medicine
D:some good foodOnce Mr King had a cat, and he loved it very much. He called it "Sky", because he thought "Sky" was the strongest name in the world.
One day he had a meal at a restaurant with his cat. He met his old friend. He told him about his lovely cat and its name. His friend said, "How foolish you are! Sky is not the strongest thing in the world. My cat is called 'Cloud' because cloud is stronger than sky." After hearing this, Mr King called his cat "Wind" because he thought wind was stronger than cloud.
After a few days he suddenly thought that "Wall" was stronger than wind. And "Mouse " was stronger than wall. So he went to his friend to ask for an idea. His friend said, "Don't you think 'Cat' is stronger than mouse?" "Yes, but..."
The man thought and thought and then decided his cat's name had better be "Cat" because a mouse was always afraid of a cat. Don't you think Mr King is very silly or funny?
The question is: Mr King   _   his cat very much.
The possible answers are:
A:didn't like
B:loved
C:hated
D:hitA new Long March 
Twenty-one people from Hong Kong and the Chinese mainland began a new Long March on October 15. They will walk about 8,000 kilometers from Ruijin, Jiangxi to Wuqi, Shanxi. They hope to get 20.2 million Yuan to build 101 schools and help poor children go back to school. They hope to finish the march by August 16, 2012.
The football team
The Chinese under-17 football team is No. 1 in Asia. They won the Asian U-17 Championship(U-17)in Japan on Saturday. They beat the Democratic People's Republic of Korea by 1:0. After 85 minutes, Wang Weilong got the only goal. They took the cup for the first time in 12 years.
Liu leaves China
Chinese actor Liu Ye left for the US on Monday to make a film called Meteor(<<>> ).  He is going to act with the Hollywood film star Meryl Streep. His former classmate Zhang Ziyi sent Liu a message to encourage him. Liu was worried about his English, and worked hard on it before he left. People know him from films like last year's "Mei Ren Cao".
The question is: The second piece of news tells us   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:Korea held this contest
B:the Chinese football team is No. 1 in South-East Asia
C:the Chinese under-17 football team won the world championship
D:the Chinese under-17 football team won the championship for the first time in 12yearsOn the first day of school, our professor introduced himself and let us get to know someone we didn't know. I stood up to look around when a gentle hand touched my shoulder. "Hi, girl! My name is Rose, I'm 87 years old."
"Why are you in college at such a young age?" I asked jokingly.
"I always dreamed of having a college education and now I'm getting one!" she replied.
Rose became a college symbol this year and she easily made friends with other students.
At the end of the term we invited her to speak at our football party. I'll never forget what she taught us.
"We do not stop playing because we are old; we grow old because we stop playing. There are only two secrets of staying young, being happy and achieving success. You have to laugh and find humor every day. You've got to have a dream. When you lose your dreams, you die. We have so many people walking around who are dead and don't even know it!
"There is a big difference between growing older and growing up. If you are nineteen years old and lie in bed for one full year and don't do anything, you will turn 20 years older. If I am 87 years old, and stay in bed for a year, and never do anything, will turn 88. Anybody can grow older. But every minute counts for young men," she added.
She ended her speech by singing The Song Rose. She challenged each of us to study the lyrics and live them out in our daily lives.
At the end of the year, Rose finished the college education. One week after graduation, Rose died peacefully in her sleep. Over two thousand college students attended her funeral in tribute to the wonderful woman who taught by example that it's never too late to be all you can possibly be.
Remember GROWING OLDER IS MANDATORY , GROWING UP IS OPTIONAL .
The question is: Rose went to college because she   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:wanted to live longer
B:loved to stay with the young
C:wanted to realize her dream
D:planned to enjoy her life thereJack's mother is ill. His father goes to New York and the boy has to look after her. He gets up early this morning, cooks breakfast for his sister and gives his mother some medicine  and water and then goes to school.
On the way to school, Jack meets Bob, one of his friends. Bob asks, "Are you late this morning, too?"
"Yes, I am."
"I'm sure Mr. Brown will be angry at us," says Bob, "We can't go to school."
"Where are we going, then?"
"To the zoo. There are many monkeys in it. We'll have a good time there."
"We can't do that," says Jack, "or we'll fall behind  our classmates. Mr. Brown is good. He wants us to be good, too."
Bob thinks Jack is right and they go to school.
The question is: Which of the following is NOT TRUE?
The possible answers are:
A:Jack is good to his mother and sister.
B:Jack doesn't go to the zoo.
C:Jack and Bob go to the zoo at last.
D:Bob wants to go to play in the zoo.Hi, my name is Wang Jun. Do you want to know about my staying in America? Well, to tell you the truth, it is really an eye-opening experience here.
In China, I had English classes five times a week since Grade Five. But I didn't know textbook English could be so different from everyday English until I came to Hotchkiss School, Connecticut. When I first studied English, I was told to say "I'm fine." when people say "How are you?" But in the USA, I found that people say "I'm good." or "I'm tired."
One day, someone greeted   me with "What's up?" It made me _ I thought for a moment and then smiled because I didn't know what to say.
Since then, I have learnt more and more differences between Chinese and American cultures. To my surprise, American girls spend a lot of time in the burning sun getting a tan  . In China, girls try every possible way to keep their skin white.
American students are hard-working like Chinese students. In China, schoolwork is almost everything, so we study hard and that's it. But here, a "good" student not only gets good grades, but also does a lot for the public. That is to say, they get lots of knowledge at school and learn many life skills from social   work.
The question is: American girls make Wang Jun feel surprised because   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:they work hard at school
B:they try to keep their skin white
C:they hope to get a tan
D:they do lots of social workFriends with Kids was put on in American theatres on March 9th, 2012. Its writer and director is Jennifer Westfeldt. It's a _ about some friends at that time in life when children arrive and everything changes. It will make you feel happy and funny and can't help laughing.
In the movie, the last two singles Westfeldt and Adam Scott, decided to make a test--to have a kid together and meet other people. Most people will be surprised at what happens in the movie. It can help you think of more about your love for your parther and family.
The famous stars in the movie are Adam Scott. Jennifer Westfeldt, Jon Hamm, Kristen Wiig, Maya Rudolph, Chris O'Dowd, Megan Fox, and Edward Burns. You can also visit this movie's official website.
,.
The question is: Which is TRUE according to the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:There are twelve famous stars in the movie.
B:ennifer Westreldt wrote the movie with Adam Scott.
C:You can't visit official website until March 9th, 2012.
D:We can watch the movie on March 9th, 2012.House For Rent                                  Lost Dog
2 sunny bedrooms with one kitchen              Small size
$500 a month                                   Black and white, short hair
Call Mr. Winter at 555--7843                   Call Gus. Reward at 555--6238
Taxi Driver W anted                             Titanic 3D
Full or part time                              Saturday and Sunday
Experience needed                              Zig Zag Cinema.
Call Mark at 555--7296 between                $20 (half for children under12).
9 am and 5 pm weekdays.                        Call 555--9767 for more information
The question is: If you want to work as a taxi driver, you can call  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:555-7296
B:555-6238
C:555-7843
D:555-9767A French woman goes to London to see her son. She knows a little English, but can not speak it very well. One day she goes to a shop. She wants to buy a hen for supper. But she can not remember the English word for "hen". Just then the shop waiter asks her, "Can I help you?" "I want the egg's mother." the woman answered. The shop waiter does not understand her and says, "Sorry, we have not any bigger eggs." Suddenly the woman remembers the word "cock". "I want the cock's wife!" she says. This time the shop waiter laughs.
The question is: The woman goes to London  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:to learn English
B:to have supper
C:to eat some hens
D:to see her sonI'm Tom. This is a pencil case. It's orange. It's my pencil case. What's in the pencil case? A ruler is in the pencil case. It is my ruler. The ruler is blue and red. That is a pencil. It is black and white. It is not my pencil. Look! That girl is Lucy. It is her pencil. That boy is Tim. I found his green pen in the pencil case. I call Tim at 7890003. It is his telephone number.
The question is: I am Tom. That is not my  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:pencil
B:pencil case
C:ruler
D:penNapoga is a 12-year-old girl in Ghana ,Africa.It is hard for her family to get clean water.Every morning,she leaves home at half past five to get clean water for her family from a village far away.It takes her six hours to get enough clean water for daily cooking and drinking.She has no time to go to school or to play with her friends.Millions of people in the world are like Napoga.They can't get enough clean water to keep healthy.
Earth Day is April 22.But on all other days,we must also remember it.The water we use is the most important natural resource on the earth.
Water covers 70% of the earth's surface .But most of that is sea water.We can't use it for many things.Fresh water covers only 1% of the earth's surface.
You probably feel lucky that your life isn't as hard as Napoga's.But that doesn't mean you don't have to worry about water.We all face serious water problems.One of them is water pollution.All kinds of things from cars,factories,farms and homes make our rivers,lakes,and oceans dirty.Polluted water is very bad for people to drink.And dirty water is bad for fish,too.Now,34% of all kinds of fish are dying out.
How do cars and factories make our water dirty?First,they pollute the air.Then,when it rains,the rain water comes down and makes our drinking water dirty.Dirty rain,called acid rain ,is also bad for plants,animals and buildings.
Scientists say that in 30 years,more than half of the people in the world won't have enough clean water.We have to learn how to save more water for ourselves and our children.Here is some advice for saving water:
* Turn off the water while you brush your teeth.You can save as much as 450 liters each month.
* Leaky taps waste a lot of water.Fix them right away!
* You can easily cut your 10-minute showers in half--and you'll be just as clean.
* When you wash dishes,don't let the water run.
* Only wash clothes when you have a lot to wash.If your washing machine isn't full,you're wasting water!
The question is: Acid rain  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:is only bad for living things
B:can be produced in factories
C:doesn't do harm to people,but it's bad for plants,animals and buildings
D:doesn't just do harm to human beings but also to animals,plants and buildingsWhat will the house of the future look like? Could it have gardens on its walls, or a pool with fish for dinner? Architects believe that they are all possibilities. The only thing for sure is that the houses will be as green as possible.
The tree house
Many architects in the world would like to build a "tree house." Like a leaf, the surface of the house collects sunlight during the day. The energy can be used to heat water, produce electricity, and even create fresh air for the home. The "root"   of the house is deep under the ground. It uses the soil   to the home's temperature.
The Lizard house
Like a lizard  , changing color with the weather is the most important design of a lizard house. When it's in the bright sun, the cover of the house will turn dark to protect it from strong heat. During dark days, it turns white and takes in as much light and heat as possible to produce energy.
Meals at home
This design is perhaps as much about the future of food production as architecture  . It has gardens on the outside wall of the house. People can plant tomatoes, carrots and green tea on them. So every day in the morning, you just need to walk outside and collect your meals.
Learning from the past
Looking to the future isn't the only way to be green. Sometimes, ancient techniques   can also help cut down energy use. For example, a chimney   can be a useful air conditioner because it is easier of hot air to flow out at the chimney.
,A, B, C, D.
The question is: The passage seems to tell us that meals at home in the future  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:will be more delicious.
B:need more cooks.
C:cost as much as possible.
D:will be greener.The world is full of amazing things. Today, I'm going to talk about something amazing.
We have lots of things to do every day, so many of us will be tired after a busy day. They all choose sleeping to have a rest. But do you know that sleeping can consume  many calories. The energy consumed is even more than watching TV. If you want to have a good health, I think you can't sleep too much.
Do you like animals? There are a lot of surprising things they can do. Goldfish are a lovely kind of fish. Most goldfish have quite a short life -- only 6 to 7 years. Once, the goldfish called Freb had a very long life. It lived up to 41 years. It was the oldest goldfish in the world. Now if people take good care of the goldfish, they can live more than 10 years. Animals are our friends. We should know more about them and give them a good home. Do you have any interesting stories about amazing things? If so, tell us. Let's share them together.
The question is: Many of us feel tired every day, because   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:we watch TV too much
B:we sleep long hours
C:we do many things every day
D:we are not feeling wellChloe Lang is a fifteen-year-old American girl. She loves cooking a lot. When she was a little girl, she helped her grandma make meals at home.
A year ago, Chloe wrote a letter to Rachel Ray, a famous host of a TV cookery  show. She asked for a ticket to be one of the audience, but she got nothing. One day in June, Chloe got a phone call from Rachel Ray luckily. One of his programmes is called Cafe One Night and it needed five teen cooks to help in a restaurant for a night.
In mid-July Chloe went to meet Rachel Ray and the other teen cooks. "During our stay with Rachel Ray, we were happy and excited. We were working so hard when they made the records." Chloe says. "We made some wonderful food that night."
Guess who came to eat! When Chloe and her friends saw their guests, they all held their breath, and then they screamed and clapped! In addition to some famous singer stars, the former US President Bill Clinton was also there!
,.
The question is: On which of the following days might Chloe go to meet Rachel Ray?
The possible answers are:
A:On June 15.
B:On July 8.
C:On July 16.
D:On July 25.One day a rich boy bought a magic mirror . When he got home, he looked in the mirror. His face looked sad. He tried to smile , his face looked still sad. The he did many happy things, but his face always looked sad.
" Oh, what a terrible mirror! It doesn't work!" he said angrily.
The next day on his way to buy some chocolate, he saw a little girl crying sadly. The rich boy went up to her and asked what had happened. The little girl said she couldn't find her parents. "Don't worry. I'll help you." The rich boy said. So they went to look for them together. Finally they found her parents. They were so thankful for his help . After the rich boy arrived home, he looked in the mirror as usual. To his surprise,his face looked very happy. The boy understood the magic of the mirror. The mirror could show the true feelings of its owner. This was true--the rich boy had helped that little girl so he felt really happy.
The question is: One day a rich boy bought   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:a magic mirror
B:a normal mirror
C:a small mirror
D:a magic bookOne windy spring day, I noticed young people having fun using the wind to fly their kites. Colorful creations of different shapes and sizes filled the skies like beautiful birds flying and dancing. As the strong winds blew against the kites, a string kept them in control.
Instead of blowing away with the wind, they rose against it to achieve great heights. They shook and pulled, but the restraining   string and the cumbersome   tail kept them in control, facing upward and against the wind. As the kites struggled against the string, they seemed to say, "Let me go! Let me go! I want to be free!" They rose beautifully even when they fought the _ of the string. Finally, one of the kites succeeded in breaking loose . "Free at last," it seemed to say. "Free to fly with the wind."
Yet freedom  simply put it in the control of an unkind wind. It fell down to the ground and landed in a mass of weeds and string against a dead bush. "Free at last", free to lie powerlessly in the dirt, to be blown helplessly along the ground, and to stop lifelessly against the first obstacle  .
How much like kites we sometimes are. The Heaven gives us adversity   and rules, rules to follow from which we can grow and get strength. Some of us break away from the rules so hard that we never reach the heights we might get to. We keep part of the rules and never rise high enough to get our tails off the ground.
Let us each rise to the great heights, knowing that some of the rules that we may be angry about are in fact the strong force that helps us achieve.
The question is: In the writer's opinion,   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:without restrictions and rules we can make endless progress
B:kites are good examples to those who want to get freedom
C:restrictions are necessary for us human beings
D:we don't need any freedom at allOnce upon a time,a hippo  lived in a river next to a big tree.
One day,a bird came and nested  in the tree.The songs of the bird filled the hippo with so much envy  that he couldn't think of anything else.Every day he would think why he wasn't born to be a bird even though the bird told him many times he was so lucky to be so big and such a good swimmer.
Finally,the hippo made up his mind that he would come out of the river,climb the tree and start singing.However,when he tried to climb the tree,it was very clear that the hippo didn't have wings,nor claws to climb with.
Realizing that he would never climb up the tree,he angrily hit the tree until it came crashing to the ground.Then he stepped onto the leaves of the fallen tree,and began singing.
Unfortunately,hippos can't sing,either.All that came from his mouth were terrible noises,and when the other animals heard this,they all came around to make fun of the hippo.
He was so ashamed by this.He also felt bad about having knocked the tree over.He used all his strength to raise the tree back up again,and look after it until it completely recovered. .
The question is: After reading this passage,we know  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:the writer is telling us a true story
B:the story happened on an autumn day
C:the bird thought he was luckier than the hippo
D:the hippo tried to do something against his nature.We were standing at the top of a church not far from my home. I didn't know why.
"Look down," Father said. I tried and saw the square in the center of the village. And I saw the streets to the square. "See, Elsa," Father said. "There is more than one way to the square. If you can't get where you want to go by one road, try another."
Earlier that day, I asked Mother to do something about what we had for lunch at school. But she didn't think the food was as bad as I said. When I turned to Father for help, he brought me to the church.
At school the next day, I filled a bottle with the soup for our lunch and took it home. I told the cook to pour the soup in a plate and bring it to Mother. She drank it and cried out, "What's the matter with the soup today?" I at once told her what I had done , and Mother said that she would take up the matter of lunches at school the next day .
Now I really understood why Father had taken me to the church. I began to work as a fashion designer two years ago. I wouldn't stop working until I tried every way to my goal.
The question is: The writer's father took her to the church to.
The possible answers are:
A:play some games
B:see the square
C:show her the way
D:give her a lessonIt was Christmas, and there was a big party in the house. Guests came and went, but the party went on. Then the bell rang. Several people shouted, "Come in!"and a small man opened the front door and came in. Nobody knew him. But the host went to meet him, and took him to the bar for a drink. The man sat there happily for an hour and a half and drank.Then suddenly he stopped and looked at the host. "Do you know," he said, "nobody invited me to this party. I don't know you, 'I don't know your wife, and I don't know any of your guests. My wife and I wanted to go out in our car, but one of your guests' cars was in front of our gate, so I came here to find him and my wife is waiting in our car for me to come back.
The question is: How long did the small man stay at the party ?
The possible answers are:
A:For an hour .
B:For half an hour .
C:For 90 minutes .
D:For a whileThese amazing animals prove that love lives on four legs.
A little girl's lifeline
Three-year-old Alida Knobloch and her 27kg golden dog, Mr. Gibbs, are almost together all the time There is a special love between them. Alida, who suffered from serious lung disease   when she was 10 months old, is unable to breathe on her own for about 45 minutes. So Mr. Gibbs has been with her everywhere, carrying 4.5kg of oxygen tanks   for her .
A pig that calms kids
When Lois Brady, a famous doctor in America, visits special-needs students in San Francisco schools, she often brings along Buttercup, a black pig from Vietnam. The pig is very calm and friendly and has been trained to offer comfort   to patients as well.
A Lion's big heart
With paws   the size of dinner plates, bright black eyes and a golden mane  , Jupiter, a 13-year-old 250kg lion, was brought to the rescue   center by Anna. In the past two years, Anna has developed a very close relationship with Jupiter.
The question is: Which of the following do you think is the right match?
The possible answers are:
A:Alida -a lion
B:Buttercup -a pig
C:Lois -a sick girl
D:Jupiter - a doctorMore and more Chinese people care for their own health. I come from England. I came to China five years ago. I began to learn cooking Chinese food from my father. When I was fifteen, I began to help my mother in the kitchen. My father is a very famous cook in Beijing. So he taught me many things about cooking. In the past three years, I never stopped learning cooking. When I saw a book called The disease eating out can be gone back again by eating (<<>> ), I began studying the book. .The writer of the book is Zhang Wuben. He said he was a famous nutritionist  and well-known traditional Chinese doctor. He asked the people to eat eggplant  and gram  . In China, Zhang Wuben's book has been popular in the past few years.
My father was invited to talk about the book in May, 2010. A large number of Chinese people believe they should eat eggplant and gram to be healthy. I have visited a lot of Chinese restaurants in Beijing and studied hundreds of restaurant menus.  I talked to lots of doctors about eating and nutrition  . They thought that Zhang Wuben's words _ the science. He told a lie. The fact is that it's important for us to eat a balanced diet and not just to eat eggplant and gram.
The question is: Why did most of Chinese people believe to eat eggplant and gram to be healthy?
The possible answers are:
A:Because the people think Zhang Wuben is a famous nutritionist and doctor.
B:Because the people like eggplant and gram best.
C:Because the people don't believe doctors.
D:Because hundreds of restaurants are closed.One midnight, a little girl woke up to pass water. She by herself got up and down her bed, walked to the bedroom door and opened it. She looked outside and walked back, for it was so dark in the hall that she feared.
Her mother said, "Don't be afraid, honey. Take courage!"
"What's courage?" she asked, running to her mother's bed.
"Courage is the brave breath," her mother answered.
"Mum, do you have courage?"
"Certainly."
The girl held out her little hands, saying, "Mum, blow some of your breath of courage to me."
After her mother blew out two mouthfuls of breath into her little cold hands, the little girl clenched her fists  nervously, afraid that the "breath of courage" would run away. Then with her fists clenched, she walked out of the bedroom towards the bathroom with nothing to fear.
Her mother said to herself, "It will be nice if someone can blow some kind of 'breath' to me. Then I can hold it in my hands too when I feel terrified or lost."
In fact, mostly, what we are terrified of is nothing but the fear in our mind. Who we should defeat  is nobody but ourselves.
The question is: Which is the best title of the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:The Fearless Mother
B:One Lonely Girl
C:One midnight
D:The Breath of CourageOnce upon a time, there was a beautiful girl called Cinderella.Her mother died and Cinderella's father had a new wife, who only loved her two ugly daughters.A handsome prince wanted to find a wife and invited all the girls to a dance.The ugly sisters had beautiful clothes but Cinderella stayed at home in the kitchen.A fairy helped Cinderella and used magic to give her pretty clothes and a carriage  to go to the dance, but told her to leave at midnight because the magic would end by then.The prince liked Cinderella a lot and danced with her.Then the clock started ringing 12 p.m.and Cinderella ran out of the hall, leaving one glass shoe behind.
The prince wanted the lovely girl to be his wife.He walked around town with the shoe trying to find her.The ugly sisters wanted to marry the prince and tried to put the shoe on, but their feet were like elephants'.Then the prince asked Cinderella to try.The mother and ugly sisters laughed, but they stopped when the shoe went on Cinderella's foot.The prince made Cinderella his wife, and they lived happily ever after.
The question is: Cinderella's mother cannot help her because she   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:was poor
B:was dead
C:hates Cinderella
D:was richRussian girls think he is the ideal boyfriend. Thousands of Japanese teenagers applied for just a few minutes to practice judo with him. His cool image is on the front pages of newspapers and magazines. Do you know who he is ? Yeah, he's Vladimir Putin who was named "Person of the Year of 2008" by Time.
Putin was born in Leningrad in 1952. He entered Leningrad State University's law department in 1970. When he became President of Russia in 2000, he found the country in great difficulty. In his 8 years as president, he guided his nation through a remarkable transformation .Russia's economy had grown a lot. Under his strong leadership, Russia was at the _ of world power again.
Putin came to like judo and spy novels when he was a young boy. He relaxes by listening to classical music. Yesterday is his favorite Beatles' song. He has a happy family. He is married to Lyudmila Alexandrovna Putina, with daughters, Yekaterina and Maria.
,.
The question is: How old is Putin now?
The possible answers are:
A:65.
B:57.
C:58.
D:61.Hello, I'm June. Now let me tell you something about my holiday last week. I had a pretty good holiday to Hainan with my family .We have great fun playing in different places.On Monday, the weather was sunny and hot. On Tuesday,it was cloudy and humid .We visited two museums.We saw a lot of old things . On Wednesday and Thursday,it was rainy and windy . We walked in the city . We bought some interesting things and ate some delicious food.On Friday, the weather was cool. We went to the mountains. We were very tired but very happy . I really enjoyed my holiday.
The question is: Who did June go to Hainan with?
The possible answers are:
A:Her classmate
B:Her friends
C:Her student
D:Her familyHello, I'm Severn Suzuki speaking for E.C.O.--The Environmental Children's Organization.
We are a group of twelve and thirteen-year-olds from Canada trying to make a difference.
Vanessa Suttie, Morgan Geisler, Michelle Quigg and me. We raised all the money ourselves to come six thousand miles to tell you adults you must change your ways. Coming here today, I have no hidden agenda. I am fighting for my future.
I am here to speak on behalf of the starving   children around the world whose cries go unheard.
I am here to speak for the countless animals dying across this planet because they have nowhere left to go.
I am afraid to go out in the sun now because of the holes in the ozone  . I am afraid to breathe the air because I don't know what chemicals   are in it.
I used to go fishing in Vancouver with my dad until just a few years ago we found the fish full of cancers. And now we hear about animals and plants going _ every day.
In my life, I have dreamt of seeing the great herds of wild animals, jungles and rainforests full of birds and butterflies, but now I wonder if they will even exist   for my children to see.
Did you have to worry about these little things when you were my age?
All this is happening before our eyes and yet we act as if we have all the time we want and all the solutions  . I'm only a child and I don't have all the solutions, but I want you to realize, neither do you!
The question is: The reason that Severn Suzuki gave this speech is to  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:fight for the people who pollute the environment
B:ask people to take action to protect the environment
C:find the solution for herself to change the environment
D:let people become interested in learning about the environmentToday almost everyone knows computers and the Internet. If I ask you "What is the most important thing in your life?" may be you will say "Computers and the Internet".
The first computer was made in 1946. It was very big but it worked slowly.. Today, computers are getting smaller, and smaller, but they work faster and faster. What can computers do? A writer has said, "People can't live without computers today."21cnjy.com
The Internet came a little later than computers. It is about twenty-five years later than computers. But now it can be found almost everywhere. We can use it to read books, send e-mails, do some shopping, play games or make friends.               21*cnjy*com
Young men, especially the middle school students like the Internet very much. They often go into the Internet bars as soon as they are free. They make friends on the Internet and maybe they have never seen these friends. They don't know their names, ages and sex . They are so interested in making the "unreal friends" that they can't put their heart into study. Some of them play the games in the Internet bars all day and all night. Many of them can't catch up with others in many subjects because of that.
Now the government has done many things. Some gangster Internet bars have been banned . But that's not enough. The teachers and parents are still worrying about their students and children.
We can use computers and the Internet to learn more about the world. But at the same time, we should remember that computers and the Internet could not do all the things.www-2-1-cnjy-com
The question is: How was the first computers?
The possible answers are:
A:It was not big.
B:It couldn't work fast
C:It was very cheap.
D:It was no usefulMr White works in an office. He's very busy and has no time to have a good rest. Every evening, when he comes back from his office, he's always tired and wants to go to bed early. But his wife often has a lot of interesting things to tell him after dinner. She doesn't stop talking until she falls asleep  . But it's usually too late and Mr White has to get up early in the morning when she is still sleeping.
One day Mr White felt terrible and couldn't go to work. He decided to go to see a doctor. Mrs White went to the hospital with him. Before her husband said what was the matter with him, the woman told the doctor all. The doctor wrote out a prescription  . When Mrs White took the medicine to the doctor's room, the doctor said to her, "The bottle of medicine is for your husband and the pills   are for you. "
"For me?" the woman said in surprise. "I'm fine. I don't need any medicine!"
"I don't think so, madam," said the doctor. "They are sleeping pills. Your husband will be all right soon if you take them. "
The question is: One day Mr White couldn't go to work because   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:he was ill
B:his wife was ill
C:his wife didn't let him go
D:he didn't want to go to workA French woman goes to London to see her son. She knows a little English,but cannot speak it very well. One day she goes to a shop. She wants to buy a hen ( ) for supper. But she cannot remember ( ) the English word for" hen" . Just then the shop waiter asks her, "Can I help you?" " I want the egg's mother" the woman answers. The shop waiter does not understand( )her and says, " Sorry, we have not any bigger   eggs." Suddenly  )) the woman remembers the word"cock(She says, I want the cock's wife! "This time the shop waiter laughs (    ).
The question is: Is the woman clever?
The possible answers are:
A:Yes, she isn't.
B:No,he isn't
C:Yes,she is
D:No,she is"Eat your breakfast. It's the most important meal of the day!" Why are parents always saying that?
Well, a person is like a car. After a long night of sleeping, there is no fuel in your fuel tank . Breakfast is like the fuel. It makes you work or walk on the road.
What should you eat? Any breakfast is better than no breakfast, but try not to have hamburgers or dessert  all the time. They don't have the necessary nutrients . And if you have a hamburger for breakfast, you won't feel full for long.
Try to eat all kinds of foods like grains, fruit, vegetables and drink some milk. Oh, try to eat more apples because an apple a day can help to keep the doctor away.
The question is: The writer thinks breakfast is like the   _
The possible answers are:
A:fuel
B:car
C:friend
D:teacherFather's Day is the third Sunday in June. It is a day to thank fathers. On that day, fathers usually receive greeting gifts and cards. On the cards, children will write, "Thanks, father." "Best wishes for Father's Day" and so on. Father's Day is also a day families get together at home as well as in the restaurants.
Where does the idea for the holiday come from? We should thank an American. In 1909 she wrote letters to some important persons. In her letter she advised to make Father's Day on the third Sunday in June. In June in 1910, people celebrated the first Father's Day in Washington. People whose parents are dead often decorated   their parents' graves   with flowers on these days. These are days of family fun and creating good feelings and memories.
The question is: Where does the idea for the holiday come from?
The possible answers are:
A:China.
B:England.
C:America.
D:Italy.Do you know Pretty Little Liars ? It is one of the most popular American TV series   right now. It is about the life of four girls after their best friend was killed. Lucy, one of the four girls, has more than a few secrets.
Lucy knew from a very young age that she would be a star, and she loved singing most. At the age of eight, she started to take singing and acting lessons.
She was born on June 14 ,1989 .She has dark brown hair and brome eyes. She is afraid of flying, snakes and spiders. It makes her happy to go shopping, dance and hang out with friends in her free time.
Lucy joined a talent show for teenagers when she was 14 .She was among the top five. Quickly, Lucy began to act on different TV shows. All of these small roles led up to the biggest role for her in 2010 _ she got a lead part   in Pretty Little Liars, She has won the Teen Choice Award   for her role as Aria for three years, from 2010 to 2012 .
So what's nest for Lucy ? She is recording an album  because music is always her "first love"
The question is: Which of the following is NOT her hobby ?
The possible answers are:
A:Going shopping
B:Dance
C:Hanging out with friends
D:FlyingWhen I arrived, it was early morning and it was raining. I looked to the east--the sky was becoming grey. I got out of the car, went through a gate and walked along a dark path. There was nothing to see, but I knew it was there.
After about a mile, a stranger appeared beside the path. "Am I going the right way?" I asked. He knew where I was going. "Yes," he replied. "you'll get there in five minutes." Finally, I came to some rocks and stopped. I looked over them, but it was silent and there was no sign of it.
Suddenly, the rain stopped and the clouds cleared. The sun rose behind me and shone on the rocks. Far below me, the ground fell away and down to a river. I was looking across one of the wonders of the natural world -the Grand Canyon.
I looked down to the Colorado River, a silver stream nearly one mile below me. If you put the two tallest buildings in the world on top of each other at the bottom of the canyon, they still would not reach the top. Then I looked across to the other side of the canyon. It was about fifteen miles away, maybe more. Finally, I looked to my left and to my right, and on both sides the canyon went far away for more than 200 miles. The Grand Canyon was not just big. It was huge!
I remained by the canyon for about half an hour, and I asked myself, "Is the Grand Canyon the greatest wonder of the natural world?" I certainly know the answer. What do you think?
The question is: Where does the passage most probably come from?
The possible answers are:
A:A magazine
B:A grammar book
C:A dictionary
D:A storybookFun places to visit in Singapore
Jurong Bird Park
At Jurong Bird Park you can see more than 5,000 birds and even feed some of them by hand! If feeding birds makes you hungry, you can join the park's parrots for lunch.
PulauUbin
Take a small boat into Singapore's past.A 10-minute ride will take you to this island.The life on the island has not been changed since the 1960s.
Malls and Markets
Walk through Orchard Road's modern malls.Then try an open-air shopping experience at the markets.There you can buy inexpensive clothes,toys and old furniture.
Night Safari
Night Safari lets you see animals that are active at night in their natural environment.Walk through the park at night to get close to the animals from seven different areas.
The question is: You can go to Night Safari to  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:watch animals
B:take a boat trip
C:buy some clothes
D:feed and eat with birdsThe National Football League (NFL) is a professional American football league with 32 teams in. How does one choose which team to support? Some people choose the team of their hometown, or where they now live, or the team that their parents or their friends follow.[:ZXXK]
A boy student from Oklahoma wrote a letter to each of the owners or presidents of the 32 NFL teams. He would see what answers he got, and then choose his team.
Bill was home from school sick. It was the week before Christmas. He was "kind of bored" and needed something to do. So he asked his parents if he could write to every professional football team. Bill wrote the 32 letters by hand.
"We weren't quite sure what we could get back. He didn't really have one team that he wanted to hear from," his mother said: "He just wanted to see what kind of reply he' d get."
A letter to the Carolina Panthers' owner Jerry Richardson was one of those posted. Bill wrote in his letter, "My family and I love football. They are fans of different teams.But I don't have a team to cheer for yet. I am ready to pick an NFL team to cheer on for lifetime!"
A few weeks later, Bill's mother was pulling into her driveway when a delivery man arrived with a box from the Panthers. When Bill came home, he excitedly opened the box. Inside he found a signed Carolina Panthers helmet as well as a handwritten note from Jerry.
The team owner had written to Bill, "We should be honored if our Carolina Panthers became your team. We would make you proud of your joining us."
Bill was overjoyed with what he got. He decided that from then on he would support the Panthers. He keeps the letter from Jerry in his bedroom. His mother says, "It's not the helmet they sent us. It's what they told us." That is what mattered to Bill and why he chose to become a Panthers' fan.
The question is: It's clear that  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:it is proper to be a football fan by Christmas
B:the team owner wrote back to Bill by email
C:the note from the team owner meant a lot to Bill
D:Bill' s parents would also be fans of the PanthersFelipe and his friends are planning a trip to London. They have decided   their hotel, plane and when to get there, but haven't decided what they want to do.
Felipe would like to go boating in the Thames River. All his friends like boat trips, so all of them will go boating in the Thames River. Felipe also loves the British Royal  Family! He wants to visit Buckingham Palace and see the changes. But his friend Carmen doesn't want to visit Buckingham Palace. He would like to ride on the London Eye. Carmen would also like to visit the Houses of Parliament and Trafalgar Square. Carmen's boyfriend Leo likes shopping, and he thinks politics   is boring and doesn't want to visit the Houses of Parliament. Felipe's friend Juliana likes visiting museums, and she would like to see Buckingham Palace too. Carmen and Leo would like to go shopping in Covent Garden, but Juliana would rather do some shopping in Oxford Street.
The question is: Which of the following is TRUE about Leo?
The possible answers are:
A:He likes politics.
B:He likes shopping.
C:He is Juliana's boyfriend.
D:He likes visiting museums.A famous study was done in a school by a professor   from a university. At the start of the school year, the teachers were given the names of five children. They were told that these five were the most excellent students in the class. But the fact was that these students were only average ,and they were not the best students at all. Well, guess what? At the end of the year, all the five average students scored among the highest in the class.
What made these average students change so much to become top students?The only difference was the change in their teachers' attitude . Because the teachers believed that these five kids were the top students,they expected  more from them. And so these five average students began to believe and expect more from themselves. So they worked harder to do as well as they could.
Do you know why? If you expect the best from people, they'll usually want to give you their best. A great leader said, "Treat  a person just how he appears to be on the outside, and you'll make him even worse. But treat a person like he's already a success,and you'll help make him the best he can be."
Like the true story of 7-year-old Johnny, his teacher got so angry with him that one day she said,"Johnny,you're the naughtiest  boy in this class. I'm sure you'll never change." The next year Johnny had a new teacher. And on the first day of class,she met with Johnny after school and said,"Johnny, I've heard a lot about you! But do you know that I don't believe a word of it." And every day after that, this new teacher treated Johnny as if he was one of the smartest students even when Johnny did naughty things. Later on, Johnny became a school leader. Because that's the power of our belief  and attitude  toward children.
The question is: The five average students became top students mainly because of   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:the professor's study
B:the teachers' hard work
C:the change in the teachers' attitude
D:the change in the professor's attitudeIt is cold outside in winter, but winter is also an interesting season. You can do some outdoor winter activities for fun. It is important to choose  the right outdoor activity in winter. Playing outside won't make you sick. Before you go out to have fun, wear gloves, coats and warm socks and warm shoes. And you should drink enough water. Bring some water with you when you go outside in winter.
There are many outdoor activities you can do in winter. You can roll  snowballs and make a snowman with your friends or your family. Making a snowman is a good _ for little children. For elder ones, they can choose skating. _ can go to a skating class before going skating. Skiing and snowboarding  are also fun activities in winter. All your family can enjoy the activities. At last, hiking in winter can also be fun. But you should go with many people. Don't go alone.
The question is: Which activity is NOT mentioned in the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:Skiing.
B:Hiking.
C:Camping.
D:Skating.It may be hard to believe, but the American Revolution --the war that freed the American states from British control--began over a cup of tea. Tea was not the only thing that caused the war, of course, but it played a very big part.
The British people's love of tea is well-known. When the British won control over mush of North America in the early 1700s, they brought their tea- drinking habits with them. Tea quickly became the continents most popular drink. As tea could not be grown locally, just as in Britain, it was shipped into the country--mostly from India.
In the early 1700s, the Britain government made a special deal with the East India Company, as an English trading company. They agreed that no other company was allowed to bring tea to Britain or any country controlled by Britain, including America. It was a great deal for the East India Company, since it meant that the company could decide whatever price it wanted for its products. And _ always decided on a high price!
In North America, the local people did not like having to pay such high prices. Instead of overpaying for tea from the British, they turned to Dutch traders, who secretly brought tea to the country that was just as good--and much less expensive. Although this broke the law, the American people didn't care. They got the same cup of tea at a much lower price.
The East India Company, however, didn't like this at all. By the 1760s, they were losing millions of pounds each year to Dutch traders--a huge amount of money in a time when PS60 a year was considered a good income. Instead of reducing their prices to compete with the Dutch, the company asked the British government for help and the government agreed.
In 1767, the British introduced new law that increased the prices of all goods which were brought into America. These laws helped make the East India Company even richer and forced local people to pay much more for everything. The American leaders asked the British government not to do so, but the British refused to listen. These unfair laws increased Americans' anger about British rule and the rest, as they say, is history.
The question is: What is the passage mainly about?
The possible answers are:
A:Tea trade in eighteenth-century America.
B:The relationship between America and Britain.
C:A reason for the start of the American Revolutionary War.
D:The introduction of British tea-drinking habits into America.Do you know there are two kinds of football games? One is American football  , and the other is soccer .In China many young men like playing soccer. It is very popular. But the Chinese don't call it soccer. They call it football. There are eleven players in each team. And the ball is round. Only the goalkeeper  can touch the ball with his hands. The other players can't touch the ball with their hands.
In America, soccer is not very popular. They like playing American football. It is very different. The ball is not round. It is like a big egg. There are also eleven players in each team. All the players can touch the ball with both feet and hands.
The question is: What do the American people like very much?
The possible answers are:
A:Touching the ball with hands.
B:Playing soccer.
C:Watching TV.
D:Playing American football.Are you afraid of tests? What will you do to prepare for a test? The following suggestions will be helpful.
Pay attention to what your teacher gives about a coming test. Write down exactly what you will be tested on. Knowing what the test will cover is half done.
Make a review list that includes important points from class and reading material. Then your studying notes will be in one place. What's more, rewriting the material will help you to remember it.
Don't cram  !Test preparation begins the first day of class, so keep on doing your reading and homework. Then you just need to review for the test--not learn all the materials. If you wait until the night before to try to learn everything, you will only put more stress   on yourself.
Get a good night's sleep before the test, but if you can't, don't be awake the whole night. Research shows that getting at least four hours of sleep produces the better test results.
Eat a healthy breakfast to keep your mind sharp  . Avoid sugar, as it will weaken your ability to concentrate  .
The question is: How many suggestions have you got from the text?
The possible answers are:
A:Two.
B:Three.
C:Four.
D:Five.Jim is a little boy. He stays with his grandma. He likes sweets and cakes. He always eats some food with sweets before he goes to bed. And as soon as he gets up in the morning, he can find some cakes on the table in his bedroom.
One morning, before Jim got up, his grandma took some cakes to his bedroom. She saw Jim crying in bed.
"What's the matter, dear?" his grandma asked in a hurry.
"I've a bad toothache," said Jim.
So his grandma had to take him to the dentist's. The dentist pulled out the bad tooth for him at last.
Two days later Jim felt better and was at school again. Mrs. Hunt asked, "What was the matter with you those days, Jim?"
"I had a bad toothache, madam," answered Jim.
"Oh, I'm sorry to hear that," said Mrs. Hunt. "Is it better now?"
"I don't know, madam. I left it with the dentist."
The question is: Mrs. Hunt is Jim's  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:teacher
B:mother
C:grandma
D:family doctorPeople communicate in many different ways. The most common way is by talking with others. Except for talking, we can also use body languages. When we use body languages, we need to use body to show what we mean. Sign language is a kind of body language. Let's see more about it.
Sign language is popular among _ people who are unable to speak or don't want to speak. If you want to communicate with a foreigner ,but you can't speak his language and he can't speak Chinese, what can you do ? Maybe you can communicate by making signs. Now let's learn some signs Indians often use.
When they are hungry, they move their right hands back and forth in front of their stomachs.
When they mean " Let's eat", they put their right hands and move them up and down in front of their mouths.
When they have had enough, they part their thumbs and first fingers, and move their hands from their chests to chins.
If they have a stomach ache, they put both hands on their stomachs, and move them back and forth.
The question is: The most common way to communicate is   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:by calling others
B:by talking with others
C:by using body language
D:by using signsAn old lady went out shopping last Sunday. She came to a bank and saw a car near the door . A man got out of it  and went into the bank . She looked into the car. The keys were in the lock.
The old lady took the keys and followed the man into the bank. The man took a gun out of his pockets and said to the clerk , " Give me all the money . "
But the old lady didn't see this. She went to the man and put the keys in his hand and said, " Young man , you're foolish . Never leave your keys in your car. Someone's going to steal it . "
The man looked at the old woman for a few seconds. Then he looked at the clerk and then he took the keys and ran off the bank, got into his car and drove away quickly without any money .
,.
The question is: When she gave the young man the keys, he  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:took them and ran out of the bank without any money
B:thanked her very much
C:was very surprised
D:said nothing and went to the police stationWater can be a liquid, a solid or a gas. When it is a solid, it can be as hard as stone. When it is a liquid, it can run through your fingers. When it is a gas, you may not see or feel it.
Water can change from a solid to a liquid or to a gas easily. This is why we always have fresh water. Now let us find out how it does. The heat of the sun turns liquid water into gas from the oceans, seas, rivers and lakes. The heat also turns liquid water into gas from the ground, the plants and the animals. Water in the gas rises and turns into clouds in the air.
When the clouds come near a mountain, they rise high. As the clouds rise, they get cooler. The higher they rise, the cooler they become. Then more and more water gas turn into water drops. In this way, the drops of water in the clouds get bigger and bigger. Then they fall to the earth as rain.
,
The question is: According to the passage, it rains most over the  _
The possible answers are:
A:seas
B:oceans
C:mountains
D:farmsEveryone knows that chickens lay eggs . Most people know that all the other birds do as well. But have you ever thought about other animals that lay eggs? They include bees, snakes and some sea animals. When a mother lays eggs, many more babies can be born at once, or in a few days, because there is very little development inside the parent. Animals that do not lay eggs often have fewer babies. Animals lay many eggs because other animals may eat the babies. However, even though some of their babies are eaten, they will still have some more to continue their family.
Some animals that lay eggs do not take care of their young. Turtles come onto the beach and dig holes. Then they put their eggs in the sand and leave. A turtle mother can lay as many as 150 eggs. When the babies come out of the eggs, they must find their own way to the ocean. They must learn how to live on their own. Many young turtles get eaten by other animals.
Most eggs have an outside shell that keeps the growing animal inside safe. The egg shell also keeps the young animal from drying out. After the animal is fully developed, it comes out of the egg.
The animal grows bigger and bigger. Then it can have its own young.
The question is: Why do animals lay many eggs?
The possible answers are:
A:Because other animals may eat their babies.
B:Because they use their eggs for food.
C:Because they want to have fewer babies.
D:Because they want to eat their babies.May 5
is Japanese Children's Day. In fact, it is usually called Boy's Day because it is mainly celebrated (  ) by boys. The celebration of Boy's Day has a long history. It is said that the festival comes from the Dragon Boat Festival in China.
On Boy's Day, Japanese boys eat a special kind of rice cake. It is covered with a leaf and filled with bean paste (   ). Children love to eat it very much.
On this day, children don't have to go to school. Each family with a boy hangs up huge carp-shaped flag (   ). The flags are usually three colors: black, red and blue. Black stands for the father, red stands for the mother and blue stands for the son. Japanese parents believe that the flags will bring their boys good luck and give them courage and power.
The question is: Black of the carp-shaped flags stands for    _   .
The possible answers are:
A:the father
B:the mother
C:the son
D:the parentsDear students,
Volunteering has never been an easy task. But if you are one of us, you will make a difference. Anyone who wants to volunteer-whether you work full-time or part-time-can find a way to help in our area. Below is an easy how-to guide to becoming a volunteer in our school.
First, you need to complete an online volunteer form, which includes your personal information and volunteering experiences. The form is only on the school website. Once you are told that you can volunteer, you will only have to sign in with our clock system, wear your badge with your name on it, and when leaving, sign out to make sure your volunteer hours are recorded.
Things you need to remember:
1. Sign in with the clock system every time you are in school.
2. Wear your badge.
3. Sign out when you leave to make sure your volunteer hours are recorded.
Everyone, whether you are a volunteer or a visitor, will be asked to show one of the following to tell who you are in order to get past the school gate:
1. A driver's license in use;
2. A state-issued ID card;
3. A work visa;
4. A green card.
If you are interested in volunteering, please fill out a school volunteer form and return it to the school Volunteer Officer or front office. The school volunteer officer will call you to discuss ways in which you can help in our school.
Kevin Winberry
Volunteer Program Director
The question is: Who will call you about the details of volunteering in the school?
The possible answers are:
A:The student leader.
B:The program director.
C:The school volunteer officer.
D:The head teacher of the school.Do you know how to study better? Let me give you some advice about studying. First, don't put off   studying. Many students do that. Then they have to cram   the night before the exam. In fact you need good study habits and study a little every day. This way, you will prepare   better for the exams. Second, plan _ into your study time. For example, if you read 20 pages of the book, you can play one computer game. But only one. Third, stay in a quiet place and turn off your mobile phone. Then you can put your heart into your study. Last, believe it or not, sleeping is part of studying. It can help you learn better. Try to sleep more than eight hours a night. Take the advice, and you will study better.
The question is: Which of the following is TRUE?
The possible answers are:
A:Cramming is more important than studying well.
B:Studying a little every day is good for your study.
C:Staying in a large place can help you study better.
D:Sleep less, and you'll have more time to study.Better think twice before choosing a _ for email, online bank or shopping. Simple passwords are easy to be stolen.
A password is like a key to your home. If someone steals it, he'll get chances to steal something else. We use passwords everywhere in our life. We are so used to passwords that we don't pay any attention to them until we lose or forget one.
A study of 28,000 passwords recently stolen from a popular website showed that people often do the easy thing. It found that 16% took a first name as a password. Another 14% used the easiest keyboard combinations such as "12345678"or "QWERTY". 5% of the stolen passwords were names of television shows or stars popular with young people. 3% of the passwords expressed feelings like "I don't care", "Whatever", "I love you" or their opposite, "I hate you".
Robert Graham, who did the study, advises people to choose a password that is longer than eight characters with one capital letter  and one symbol.
Of course, safe passwords don't mean those hard to remember. Forgetting your password is sometimes a big headache for you. Maybe, the perfect password is easy for you and hard for others.
,,.
The question is: About 40% passwords are easily stolen because the users are   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:busy
B:lazy
C:stupid
D:carefulEvery morning, the newspaper chief editor  holds a meeting with the reporters. They discuss the main events  of the day. Reporters are then sent to cover the events.
As soon as the reporters know what to write about, they get down to work. They telephone people and fix a time for a face-to-face interview with them. Sometimes they do telephone interviews. Checking information is very important. They go to the newspaper's own library to look up any information that they need. This is called "doing one's homework".
At the same time, the picture editor decides which photographs will be used for the next day's paper. All the people who work on a newspaper must be able to work fast. Reporters have to stop working on one story and start working at once on the important new one. They must find out the new information as quickly as possible. Later in the day, everything is put together at the news desk. Reporters return, type their stories into the computer and hand them to the editor.
The chief editor decides which will be the most important story on the front page. Sometimes this will have to be changed if something more important happens late in the day. Other editors read the stories which the reporters have written and make any necessary changes.
Finally, there is no more time left for adding new stories, and the time for printing  the newspaper has come. This is done on fast-moving printing machines. The newspapers are then delivered  by truck, plane or rail. Speed is important. People want to buy the latest newspaper; nobody wants to buy yesterday's.
The question is: What is the work in a newspaper office like?
The possible answers are:
A:Interesting and confusing
B:Important and patient.
C:Particular and necessary.
D:Fast and busy.Youth, friendship and love are the main themes of this year's Chinese movies, such as So Young(<<>> ) and American Dreams in China(<<>> ). Tiny Times(<<>> ), one of the most popular movies this summer, also has the same features.
The movie was based on author and director Guo Jingming's novel of the same name. It tells a story about four girls who come from different backgrounds and of different personalities. Since it was shown on June 27, Tiny Times has made 483 million yuan at the box office. The sequel  of it was shown on Aug 8 and it has also been a big box office hit.
Cao Yuhan, 13, a high school student at Beijing Jianhua Experimental School, is a big fan of the movie. "I'm deeply touched by their friendship," Cao said. "When Nan Xiwang is in trouble, the other three girls try their best to help her, even running barefoot in the snow. However, not everyone has had good things to say. The people's Daily said that the film went too far in encouraging youths to become materialistic . Film commentator Raymond Zhou wrote on his online blog that "Buying luxury goods seems as a way to express love or friendship, and the word 'money' is repeated over and over again. Song Kexin, 14, a high school student at Zhida Middle School in Taiyuan, Shanxi, shows a typical example of a fan's attitude . And that's to look for the positive value. "That movie is a little far from our daily life. My friends and I are not having parties every day," Song said, "But I admire Tang Wanru's optimistic attitude. She's always looking at the bright side of life. I should learn from her."
The question is: Song Kexin admires Tang Wanru because of Tang's   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:optimistic attitude
B:rich family background
C:good looks
D:excellent grades at schoolIn Britain, when people meet each other for the first time, they talk about things like family, work, school,or sports. They ask question like "Do you have any brothers or sisters?" "Where do you work?" "What school do you go to?" and "Do you like sports?" They also ask questions like "Where do you come from?" and "Where do you live?" These are polite questions. They are not personal or private. But some things are personal or private, and questions about them are not polite. People don't ask questions about a person's salary . They don't ask how much or someone is paid for something. It is not OK to ask people questions about politics, party  or religion  unless you know them very well. People don 't ask unmarried people "Why are you single?" and they don't ask a married couple with no children "Why don't you have any children?"
The question is: It's not polite for a person to show interest in the   _   life of others.
The possible answers are:
A:school
B:private
C:hard
D:happyIsland University has a competition for middle school students.
Read about the competition on their website.
School Competition
Students! Here is your chance to help the physically disabled. Think out a robot or a machine to help them live better. There'll be three prizes. The winning schools each will get $ 15,000. Read the information below:
What do you have to do?
* Try to know problems faced by the physically disabled in Hong Kong. Write a 200-word article on the difficulties these people have to suffer each day.
* Try to know modern inventions that help the physically disabled. Then think out a robot or a machine that will improve the lives of the physically disabled. Draw your invention. You can make as many drawings as you like to show your invention. You can even make a small model of your invention
* Write a short description of your invention
Who-can join? All middle school students in Hong Kong. So, come on! Join the competition, and get the chance!
The question is: The aim of the activity is to  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:make the disabled know more about modern technology
B:remind people of the importance of caring for the disabled
C:encourage teenagers to use modern technology to help the disabled
D:help people learn how to help the disabledBalzac  was a great French writer. But he was very poor before he became famous. He lived in a dirty, wet room and was often worried about food. All his friends were very poor and they could not help him.
One night it was very cold. The wind blew and it was snowing heavily. Balzac went to bed early but couldn't fall asleep. He didn't get any food before he went to bed. He thought and thought, but he couldn't have a good idea. At midnight he saw a man climb in through the broken window. The man began to steal something on his bookshelf. Balzac got up quietly and said, "Don't waste time, my friend! I couldn't find any money in the daytime. How can you find some in the dark?"
The question is: Why didn't he ask his friends for some food? Because   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:he had no friends
B:his friends didn't want to help him
C:all his friends were very poor
D:his friends didn't like himLast Thursday, a young woman saved an elderly man from a burning house on Garden Road. The young woman's name is Kitty and she works in a clothes shop. The elderly man, Daniel, lives just opposite the clothes shop. On Thursday afternoon, Kitty looked out of the window. She saw some smoke coming from Daniel's house and rushed over to see what was happening. The house was on fire and Daniel was inside. Kitty quickly called the fireman on 999. Then, she ran into the house to save Daniel. She found Daniel in his bedroom and he was frightened. Kitty helped Daniel out to a safe place. Five minutes later the fireman arrived and they put out the fire. No one was hurt.
The next day, Daniel said,"I am so grateful to Kitty. She saved my life."Daniel also said,"In the future, I will be more careful. I don't want another fire in my house."
The question is: _   was(were) hurt in the fire.
The possible answers are:
A:No one
B:Two people
C:Four people
D:Seven peopleOur town has a big zoo. There are a lot of animals in it. There are some tiger and two lions. They eat a lot of meat everyday.
There are also two big elephants and a baby one. I want to ride one of them, the elephants are tame and kind, They eat a lot of grass every day. The elephants like children, because sometimes Children give them bread and bananas, elephants like bananas very much.
In our zoo there are also brown bears and white bears. They stand on their hind legs. Hold up, their arms and ask for food. They like cakes very much. There is a good place for children. They can ride horses and donkeys  and watch the monkeys there. The monkeys are very funny. They climb up ropes  again and again and play  with each other like small children. They love apples, bananas and bread.
.
The question is: What kind of animals eat bread and bananas?
The possible answers are:
A:Lions and tigers
B:Elephants and monkeys
C:Bears and donkeys
D:Elephants monkeys and monkeysDuring my second year of nursing school, our teacher gave us a test. I was a hardworking student and I did well in all the subjects. I finished the questions successfully until I read the last one: "What is the first name of the woman who cleans the school?"
Of course this was a joke. I saw the cleaning woman every day. She is short and about 60 years old. She has dark hair. But how would I know her name? I had never talked with her before. In fact, I'd never even thought about talking to her. I stared at my paper and started to feel rather guilty. Finally, I handed in my paper, leaving the last question blank.
Before the class ended, one student asked if the last question would count toward our grades.
"Absolutely," the teacher said. "In your life, you will meet many people. All are important. They deserve your attention and care, even if all you do is to smile and to say hello."
I've never forgotten that lesson. Everyone deserves my attention and I should get to know all of the people who work and live around me. That was, perhaps, the most important lesson of my life. I also learned the cleaning woman's name was Dorothy.
The question is: How was the writer at the nursing school?
The possible answers are:
A:She didn't study hard.
B:She was one of the top students.
C:She loved telling jokes.
D:She often asked questions in class.It was Sunday and Tom was staying home. After breakfast he went out into the garden and played quietly by himself. There were no kids around and he was used to playing alone quietly. He played with Bobby, the dog. He climbed up and down the trees. Sometimes a bird would come down to perch on top of the doghouse.
Then Tom would have the greatest fun by throwing a stone or something at it. Though he never made it, he did like doing this kind of things.
Now Tom had been in the garden for half an hour. Suddenly a crack was heard and the little boy began crying.
"What's the matter, Tom?" his mother looked through the kitchen window.
Tom ran into the kitchen.
"Mum," he sobbed , "I broke Bobby's plate. I didn't know it was so fragile ."
His mother put her arms round him and said, "Don't feel too bad, Tom. We have other plates for Bobby. But how did you break that one?"
"I throw this at a bird but missed, and it went straight to the plate." In Tom's hand was his father's gold pocket watch. !
The question is: There were no kids around and he was used to playing alone quietly. Here "kids" means   _
The possible answers are:
A:men
B:dogs
C:children
D:birdsArticles wanted
School life
Articles should be typewritten  and double spaced, using only side of the page.
Your name, year of birth, school name (and English teacher), home address and e-mail address must be included.
For photos, place the information on the back of each envelope: PLEASE DON'T FOLD.
Please keep copies of your text, pictures or photos.
The sentence MUST BE WRITTEN with your name on each work, "I promise the above work is completely original ."
If your article is chosen, you will receive a copy of School Life and a special gift.
SEND IT ALL SUMMER!
For more information, please contact us!
Tel: (02) 92136116(02) 92674363
E-mail: schoollife@acpmagazines.com,au
Mail: School Life. Box 5252, Sydney, NSW 200
The question is: According to the passage, you can send your articles   _
The possible answers are:
A:within 3 weeks
B:all summer
C:all the year round
D:during the whole termA man from a big city with a new cart and a beautiful pair of horses was driving along a country road . He did not give much attention to where he was going. Very soon he knew he lost his way, but he kept on driving hoping he would meet someone or find his way back.
It was a long way. For many hours he kept on driving. When it was almost dark he saw a farmer who was working in a field. He stopped and shouted, "Hello, farmer!" "Hello, yourself!" the farmer answered, still working.
"Where does this road go?"
"I have never seen it go anywhere. It always stays where it is." said the farmer, without stopping his work.
"How far is it to the next town?" said the stranger, with a little louder voice.
"I don't know. I've never measured   it ." Answered the farmer.
By the time the city man was getting angry. "What do you know? You're the biggest fool I've seen."
The farmer stopped and turned and looked for a while at the man. Then he said, "Maybe I do not know much, perhaps I'm a fool. But at least I'm not lost."
The question is: The farmer didn't tell the city man the way to the next town because   _   .
The possible answers are:
A:the farmer didn't know the way, either
B:the farmer is busy working in the field
C:The city man asked the question rudely
D:the farmer can't speak clearlyJohn sent for a doctor because his wife was ill. He called the doctor and made sure they would meet at five. He arrived at the doctor's at twenty to five. He thought, "It's a little bit earlier. I'll wait for a moment. It's good to keep the time."
Then he stopped his car in front of the doctor's. He looked around and saw a noisy square not far from here. He went there and sat down on a chair to enjoy the last light of afternoon sun and make himself quiet. He saw some children playing and some women talking to each other happily.
Suddenly he heard a girl crying. He came up to her and asked some questions. Then he knew she got lost. John tried to find out her address and took her home. The girl's parents were very thankful.
Then John hurried to the doctor's. The doctor said angrily when he saw him, "You're late. Why did you keep me waiting for twenty minutes? " John said nothing but one word--"Sorry! "
The question is: John went to the square to   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:spend the time
B:look for the doctor
C:see the children and the women
D:help the girlDuring my second year of nursing school, our teacher gave us a test. I was a hardworking student and I did well in all the subjects. I finished the questions successfully until I read the last one: "What is the first name of the woman who cleans the school?"
Of course this was a joke. I saw the cleaning woman every day. She is short and about 60 years old. She has dark hair. But how would I know her name? I had never talked with her before. In fact, I'd never even thought about talking to her. I stared at my paper and started to feel rather guilty. Finally, I handed in my paper, leaving the last question blank.
Before the class ended, one student asked if the last question would count toward our grades.
"Absolutely," the teacher said. "In your life, you will meet many people. All are important. They deserve your attention and care, even if all you do is to smile and to say hello."
I've never forgotten that lesson. Everyone deserves my attention and I should get to know all of the people who work and live around me. That was, perhaps, the most important lesson of my life. I also learned the cleaning woman's name was Dorothy.
The question is: How did the writer feel she first saw the last question?
The possible answers are:
A:She felt guilty.
B:She felt surprised.
C:She felt excited.
D:She felt comfortable.When Brody Roybal was a baby, he didn't have legs. But that didn't make him feel sad or stop him from trying sports.
He tried different kinds of sports. When he tried sled hockey  at the age of 7, he loved it.
" That was it," says Roybal. He is now 15 and a student in a high school in Chicago. " It's all I wanted to do."
Roybal joined a sled hockey team. At the age of 12, he started playing in an adult  team. It was much harder for him, but he still worked hard.
Now Roybal is a player of the sled hockey team in his country.
O' Connor, manager of the team, says Roybal is very good. " Everybody dreams of going to the Olympic Games and winning the game," O' Connor says. " That's something that I couldn't do, but Roybal can. He is lucky and he can go to the next Olympics."
It's true that when God closes a door, he opens a window for you.
The question is: What's the best title for this passage?
The possible answers are:
A:The Olympic Games
B:Different kinds of sports
C:A Best Sled Hockey Team
D:A Special Sled Hockey PlayerOne day, I had a bad toothache. I couldn't eat anything. So I went to see the dentist.
" What's wrong with your teeth? " asked the dentist.
" I have a toothache. " I told him.
" Let me see your teeth ...... Um, there's a hole in one of the teeth. Do you eat a lot of sweet food? " The dentist asked me.
" Yes, I do. I often eat ice cream, biscuits, chocolate and I often drink cola and milk with sugar, " I told him.
" All these are bad for your teeth. You must eat less sweet food and brush your teeth at least twice every day. Now let me fill your bad tooth. "
The question is: The doctor looked over the writer's teeth and found  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:a hole in one of her teeth
B:two holes in her teeth
C:some holes in her teeth
D:a big hole and a small hole in her teethWho do you think are the most important people in your life, your parents, your sisters or your brothers, or your friends? I think your answer must be "my friends". Some teenagers often say their parents don't understand them. In large families, brothers and sisters often argue with each other. So most of us think friends are the most important people in our lives.
It is very important for teenagers to have one good friend or a group of friends. As for the reason, it may be because we can discuss some private things with friends. Of course we won't tell these thi ngs to our family members.
However, parents often try to choose friends for us. They may even stop us from meeting some of our best friends. In fact, they do it just because they care for us too much. But they often neglect our real feeling. How can you solve this problem? I think the best way is to find a right time to talk with parents about our real feelings.
The question is: Many teenagers think  _   are the most important people in their lives.
The possible answers are:
A:parents
B:friends
C:family members
D:brothers and sistersIt is Sunday today. Ann is shopping with her mother. She wants her mother to buy a new sweater for her. In a clothing shop, she finds an orange one. She tries it on. It's too small. She wants a bigger one, but the bigger ones are not orange. Ann doesn't like other colours. Her mother asks, "Shall we go to another shop to have a look?" So they go out of the shop and go into another one.
The second shop is bigger than the first, and in it there are many kinds of sweaters of different sizes and colours. Ann tries on an orange one. It's too big. She tries a smaller one. It's OK.
"How much is it?" Ann's mother asks the woman who sells clothes. Then they find it too dear, and they don't have so much money with them. "Would you like a cheaper one?" the woman asks.
"No, we shall take this one. My daughter likes it. We shall come back to buy it tomorrow," Ann's mother answers.
The question is: Ann wants to buy   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:an orange
B:an orange sweater
C:an orange for her mother
D:an orange sweater for her motherFor some people, music is no fun at all. About 4% of the population is what scientists call "amusic". People who are amusic are born without the ability to enjoy musical notes. Amusic people often cannot tell the differences between two songs.
As a result, songs sound like noise to an amusic. Many amuics compare the sound of music to pieces of metal hitting each other. Life can be hard for amusics. In fact, most people cannot begin to understand what it feels like to be an amusic. Just going to a restaurant or a shopping center can be uncomfortable or even painful. That is why many amusics have to stay away from places where there is music. However, this can result in social loneliness. "I used to hate parties," says Margaret, a seventy-year-old woman who only recently discovered that she was amusic. By studying people like Margaret, scientists are finally learning how to identify  this unusual condition.
Scientists say that the brains of amusics are different from those of people who can enjoy music. The difference is complex , and it is not connected with poor hearing. Amusics can understand other non-musical sounds well. They also have no problems understanding common speech. Scientists compare amusics to people who just can't see certain colors.
Many amusics are happy when their condition is finally diagnosed . For years, Margaret felt embarrassed about her problem music. Now she knows that she is not alone. That makes it easier for her to explain. When people invite me to a concert, I just say "No, thanks. I'm amusic." says Margret.
The question is: How old is Margaret?
The possible answers are:
A:40 years old.
B:50 years old.
C:60 years old.
D:70 years old.London used to be "foggy" for the same reason that cities like Beijing' or Chongqing are "foggy~ today. The "fog was in fact smog, a mixture of smoke and fog.  In other words, it was made by air pollution  In London, some of this pollution came from factories, but much of it came from the coal that people burnt in their houses to keep warm during the winter. By the 1950s, London's smog problem had become so bad that the-government decided to do something to clean the air.  A new law was made and nobody could bum coal in any British city. Within a few years, the air became much cleaner. There were no more " _ ".             .
Many Chinese cities now face the same sort of' problem with air pollution that . London faced 40 0r 50 years ago.  However, this problem is more difficult for Chinese cities to solve   One reason is that more of the pollution comes from the factories, rather than from coal burnt in people's houses  If these factories were closed, this would harm the economy  and lots of people would lose their jobs. Another reason is that changing from coal to cleaner fuel  , like gas, is quite expensive.
However, the air in many Chinese cities is becoming cleaner and cleaner, as the government and people pay more and more attention to cutting down pollution . As a result,there are fewer "pea-soupers" in Beijing than there used to be.
.
The question is: What's the text mainly about? .
The possible answers are:
A:Air pollution in Beijing and Chongqing.
B:Air pollution in London
C:Air pollution: different cities, different ways
D:Coal burning.If you had the chance to leave the life you have now, what would you do?
Students from Fair-grounds Middle School, New Hampshire, US, chose to lead a special life for a week. They left the city and lived a different life by working on a farm. They handed over their cell phones and lived like any farmer's children. And they enjoyed it!
"I didn't know what would happen when we got there," said Tyler Swift, 14, "but there were so many fun things. So much hard work, too. It was a _ ."
"Getting up at 6 every morning, the students milked cows, spread hay , and washed hundreds of sticky buckets . The hardest part was cleaning up piles of poop  in the animal houses. It smelled bad, but it was lots of fun!
None of the students said no to the work. "With the farmers' help, they did the work better and better. And they learned a lot more than just farming work." said Rick Brown, a science teacher at Fair-grounds.
"You get to know who can do what and learn to work with different people. The children all showed great team work." said Nick Quadros.
The question is: The children did lots of things EXCEPT    _  .
The possible answers are:
A:feeding cows
B:milking cows
C:cleaning the animal houses
D:looking after sick cowsPassage 1
The question is: Which of the following is Not mentioned  in the form?
The possible answers are:
A:PE.
B:Music.
C:Math
D:History.Hunter and Nina are husband and wife. They get up about 4:50 in the morning. When many people are sleeping in their warm beds, they are working. They work outside and walk a lot. They do not work when it is raining. They also work on weekends.
Her name is Sara. She sometimes goes to work in the morning, and sometimes goes to work at night when she is on duty . She works in a big building. There are many beds in it. She wears a white hat and a white dress. She says:" I meet many people every day. I look after them. They need my help. That's my job. It's hard, but I like it."
He is Jim's father. He usually leaves home very early. He does not work in a factory. He goes to work on foot or by bike. It is far from his home. He usually works in the day and has lunch outside in the sun. His work is very hard. He often brings us rice, eggs and vegetables. He can have a good rest in winter.
She goes to work by bus every day. She works in a building. It opens at 8 a.m. and closes at 6 p.m. There are many good foods, drinks and other things. Children like to go there. She meets many people every day. She often says, "Can I help you?" When she meets people. She says, "My work is not easy. I must stand all day and be friendly to everyone".
The question is: Does Sara like hard work?
The possible answers are:
A:Yes, she does.
B:She doesn't know.
C:No, she doesn't.
D:We don't know.The Year of the Rabbit  will begin on February 3, 2011. We Chinese use 12 different animals to stand for the order of our birth year. What does it mean to be a "rabbit" ? The rabbit is a symbol  for kind, elegance  and a love of beauty. People born in the Year of the Rabbit are kind and quick-minded . Although they are sometimes shy, they have a strong mind and will run after their dreams all their lives.
Rabbit people are talented and they like artistic activities, such as music and painting. They are so kind and well organized   that they can be great teachers. There are some famous people who were born in the Year of the Rabbit. For example, actress US Angelina Jolie and England soccer star David Beckham. In China, famous director Zhang Yimou and kung fu star Jet Li are rabbits, too.
The question is: 2011 is the Year of   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:Tiger
B:Rabbit
C:Horse
D:MonkeyYOU might go to a museum to look at old cars or something about an ancient civilization  . Would you like to see ice cream?
Believe it or not, there is a museum of ice cream in Iowa in the United States. Visitors can see a video that tells all about the history of the delicious snack.
It seems that ice cream goes back to about 2000 years ago , when the Chinese mixed together ice, milk and sugar. Spending an afternoon looking at how to make ice cream can make you a little hungry. No problem, the museum has its own ice cream store, where you can taste some of them.
In Edinburgh, Scotland, there is a museum of childhood. The museum shows objects about the lives of children in Scotland, past and present. You can expect toys, dolls, teddy bears and train sets. But there are also videos which tell you what it was like to be a kid in Scotland in old times.
You can hear children reading their multiplication tables  : "Seven sevens are 49, eight sevens are 56." You can also watch documentary movies of the games kids played in Edinburgh in the 1950s, look at the clothes they wore and get to know what their schools were like.
It will be wonderful to visit the Children's Discovery Museum in Bangkok  , Thailand. The museum has parts of nature, environment, technology and kids' activities. In this museum, you get to take part in the kids' activities. You can dress up to be a fireman in a fire truck. It is interesting.
The question is: Which of the following is NOT right?
The possible answers are:
A:Chinese people invented ice cream first about 2000 years ago.
B:The Children's Discovery Museum in Thailand is about childhood.
C:You can learn about the children's lives in the old times from the museum in Edinburgh.
D:There is an ice cream store in the ice cream museum where you can taste one.Liverpool
Discover the best music, sport, culture ... in the UK
Liverpool MUSIC
The Beatles Story
The world-famous 1960s music group came from Liverpool. Find out about The Beatles at the Beatles Story.
Open every day except Dec. 25th and 26th.
Adult:PS15.95
Child:PS7.00
Child under five: Free Liverpool SPORT
Liverpool FC
This city loves football. Visit Anfield football stadium, home of Liverpool FC, Liverpool's favorite football club, and take a tour.
Closed on weekends.
Adult:PS15.00
Child:PS9.00
Child under five: Free
Liverpool MUSEUM
The Museum of Liverpool
Learn all about the history and culture of Liverpool.
Open daily 10:00 a.m. -- 5:00 p.m. Free! Liverpool SHOPPING
Liverpool ONE
Find the best shopping in the center of Liverpool at Liverpool ONE, a big shopping center.
Opened in 2008. More than 160 shops, restaurants and cinemas.
,
The question is: How much will Jack, a boy of 6, and his father pay if they visit the Beatles Story?
The possible answers are:
A:PS15.95.
B:PS14.00.
C:PS22.95.
D:PS31.90.It is always expected that housework will be done by robots completely in the future. For years, scientists have been working on this dream, but it still remains in science fiction films.
However, people still hope to have a helping hand around the house. A survey showed that 55% of people were going to use robots at home. Easy things like washing and cleaning are becoming the working _ of robots slowly.
Although this dream hasn't been achieved, the idea of finding a helping hand at home for people has been used to improve people's everyday life. In South Korea, the famous company LG is working hard to improve people's everyday life by high technology. Tasks such as answering the telephone, opening the door, and turning on washing machines and air conditioners can be done automatically. At the same time, these services can not only be done inside the home, but also can be done through the Internet, or even by a mobile phone far away.
Do you remember in 1987 when you first saw a man walking down the road with a big phone in his hand? Now mobile phones are small and almost everybody has got one. The future is arriving slowly, even if we didn't notice it.
The question is: How is the company LG working to improve people's everyday life?
The possible answers are:
A:By high technology.
B:By using solar energy.
C:By encouraging people to live a low carbon life.
D:By making a helping hand around the house.Book Description
This isn't an education children's picture book with plenty of facts to expand young minds. Sara Myers simply explains all about dogs with easy words or phrases. Children will learn about :
What dogs are
Where they can be found
What they eat
And much more !
The fantastic photos are sure fire your chid's imagination ,and keep them interested all the way through .
Publication Date :September 3,2013   Publisher: Hazed Published    Language:English
The question is: Sara Myers is   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:the mother of a child
B:the name of a writer
C:the owner of a pet store
D:the name of a publisherI love to tell the story about how I met my best friend---- Tiger. We met at the school fair. Each year, all the fourth-grade classes hold a school fair. Everyone in the fourth-grade works at the fair. Some sell ice cream, drinks and snacks. Others take care of the little children who ride the rides.
I got the second job and I've never regretted it, because that's where I met Tiger.
My job was to help little children get on the back of a little horse. I kept telling the children to wait their turn and holding ice cream for them while they rode about. One thing was clear to me. I was growing older and should be more responsible.
Suddenly, a boy came to the horse. He took the little horse's reins! The horse stopped, and the girl on its back started to fall. I was trying to reach the girl when I saw Tiger go by my legs. It held the horse's reins and pulled the horse away from my legs. I caught the girl just before we both hit the ground. The girl sat on top of me. She was laughing at the ice cream on my face. The horse's reins were in Tiger's mouth!
Thanks to Tiger's fast action, I saved the little girl. We were both heroes. And Tiger, the fastest dog I've even known became my new best friend.
The question is: As soon as the little horse stopped, the girl   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:started to fall
B:laughed at the writer
C:hit the ground
D:sat on top of the writerYears ago, as we know, zoos kept animals in cages. Cages made it easy for visitors to see the animals, but a small cage is not a good place for an animal to live in.
Today animals live in open areas. There are usually plants and a little lake around, like the animals' habitats. Visitors usually stay in the bus to see the animals outside.
Zoos help to protect all kinds of animals. They protect animals in the zoo as well as animals in the wild. How do they do this? Zoos tell people how animals live in the wild and how to help protect their environment.
The number of many kinds of plants and animals is becoming smaller and smaller. Mammoths, which are related with Asia elephants, are now extinct(.Scientists say that 74 different kinds of living things are disappearing a day!
Zoos are working together to help animals-our friends.
The question is: A mammoth is a kind of   _   that has gone extinct.
The possible answers are:
A:plant
B:bird
C:animal
D:treeMr. Jones had a nice brown coat . He loved it very much, but his wife didn't like it. Because it was old. She often said. " Give it to a poor man . " But Mr. Jones always answered, " No, I like this coat. "
Then a cigarette  fell on it and made a hole in it. So Mrs Jones said, "Please don't wear it again. " Mr. Jones took it to a small tailor  " Please make another coat like this one ." The tailor made the coat very carefully. Then he lit  a cigarette, and made a hole in it in the same place.
The question is: _   made a hole in the coat.
The possible answers are:
A:Mr. Jones
B:Mr. Jones
C:Mr. And Mrs. Jones
D:A cigaretteSometimes you just get so angry that you feel like you are going to burst . It may seem like your anger will be the boss of you, instead of you being the boss of your anger. What can you do to work off that anger and keep yourself and others safe? Here are some ideas to help you.
*Take a deep breath before you feel your heart slows back down again.
*Count to ten slowly in your mind before you open your mouth. Count to another ten if you are still feeling out of control. Stop and think about what to say and do, then make a good choice.
*Walk away the place that makes you angry and go somewhere else until you've thought about what you can do.
*Use your words to tell your feelings. You should never hurt someone with your hands, feet or by what you say.
*Say what you say in a strong voice, not a loud shouting voice.
*Doing a chore that you really hate is a pretty good idea. It can keep your anger away and you can feel good about getting that chore done too. In this way, you make anger useful.
The question is: Before making a good choice, how much numbers should you count to control yourself.
The possible answers are:
A:10
B:20
C:30
D:40Nat lived in a small town in England. He always stayed in England for his vacation, but last year he thought, "I'm never outside this country. All my friends go to Spain , and they like it very much. So this year I'm going there, too."
First he went to Madrid   and stayed in a small hotel for a few days. On the first morning he went out for a walk. In England people drive on the left, but in Spain they drive on the right. Nat forgot about this and when he was crossing a busy street, a bike knocked   him down.
Nat lay   on the ground for a few seconds and then he sat up and said,
"Where am I ?"
An old man was selling maps at the side of the street, and he at once came
to Nat and said, "Map of the city, sir ?"
The question is: "Map of the city, sir ?" means "   _   ".
The possible answers are:
A:Do you have a map of the city
B:Show me a map of the city, please
C:Do you want to buy a map of the city, sir ?
D:Do you want to have a look at the map of the cityHere is the school day in an English school.
Morning  The students have an English lesson and a Maths lesson.The first lesson begins at 9:00 a.m.The children have a break from 10:00 a.m.to 10:20 a.m.They usually eat snacks or play games in the playground.After the break, they have the second lesson.It lasts for an hour and fifteen minutes.They usually take a test during the first fifteen minutes.
Lunchtime  Lunchtime is from 12 at noon to 1:10 p.m.Most children bring their own lunch from home.Some children have lunch in the school canteen.After lunch, they play games in the playground.
Afternoon  The students do some reading.Then they have one or two lessons.They study Art, History and Science, etc.School is over at 3:15 p.m.Then they go home.
The question is: The children have a break for   _   in the morning.
The possible answers are:
A:10 minutes
B:15 minutes
C:20 minutes
D:25 minutesLeo is thirteen years old. He has a brother and a sister. He has 10 tennis bats, 8 baseballs, 6 ping-pong balls, 12 soccer balls and 18 volleyballs, but he never  plays sports. His brother, Neal likes soccer . He is a member  of the city soccer club. He plays soccer every day with his friends. His sister, Nancy likes volleyball, but she doesn't play it.
,,.
The question is: Nancy  _  volleyball.
The possible answers are:
A:don't like
B:like
C:plays
D:doesn't playTeenagers who turn off the TV and sit down to family meals are less likely to suffer eating disorders .
A study has connected eating together with lower rates of bulimia  and anorexia . Teens used to eating around the table are less likely to take up smoking to lose weight.
Researcher Barbara said, "The common belief is that teens don't want to be around their parents very much, and that teens are just too busy to have regular meals with the family."
The study shows happy families have teenagers who eat with their parents often. These teens have less bad diet or dangerous eating habits.
"Parents may not be able to get their family together around the table seven days a week, but if they can prepare three family meals a week, this will have a big impact on the health of teens," Professor Fiese spoke out after reviewing 17 studies on eating ways and nutrition  of almost 200,000 children and teenagers.
She found that teens who eat at least five meals a week with their families are 35% less likely to be "disordered eaters".
The definition  of disordered eating is eating too much, or eating at wrong times too often or eating very little and smoking to lose weight.
Even three family meals a week helped, with youngsters 12% less likely to be overweight than those who ate with their family less often.
Teens can also use family meals as a time to _ . They were also 24% more likely to eat healthy foods and have healthy eating habits than those who didn't share three meals with their family.
Professor Fiese said, "Family meals give them a place where they can go regularly to check in with their parents and express themselves freely."
In the past American research found children who miss out on family meals are much more likely to fight at school, drink and take drugs .
,.
The question is: What does the passage want to tell us?
The possible answers are:
A:Teenagers who eat with their parents are healthier.
B:Teenagers shouldn't take up smoking to lose weight.
C:Teenagers should pay attention to their eating ways and nutrition.
D:Teenagers who don't have regular meals will become trouble-makers.The Green Magic Tree House, in India, is the perfect hotel for anybody who likes adventure . Guests must drive for miles through the jungle to find it in the middle of tea and coffeeplantation .
There are two tree houses to choose from, one 30 meters and the other 35 meters above the ground. Both houses have two floors. The bedrooms are above the living area and there are bathrooms and showers. You can get up to rooms and move between floors byusing ladders . You can go from one tree house to the other on a rope bridge. The houses sometimes move about in the wind but the views are fantastic.
Guests can enjoy moving through the jungle, climbing in the mountains, and watching wildlife. There are many unusual plants, birds, and insects in the area.
The Ice Hotel is in Jukkasjarvi, a village in Sweden 200 kilometers north of the Arctic Circle. Every winter, a team of architects , designers and snow builders build the hotel. This year there are 80 rooms.
Everything is made of ice. The walls, the floors, the ceilings , and even the furniture are made of ice. The beds are made of ice, too, but guests sleep on warm deer skins. Outside it can be -37degC, so inside it feels quite comfortable. The hotel has a bar, where guests can drink vodka  from glasses made of ice. It's very popular -- because there isn't much else to do.
To spend a night at Jules Underwater Lodge in Florida, guests need to scuba dive   seven meters under the sea. They enter a small house through a door at the bottom of the building. Inside, the kitchen is stored with food and there is a fridge and a microwave oven . There is a hot shower and comfortable beds and lots of books, DVDs and video games. Most guests, however, spend their time at one of the large windows watching different fishes swimming by.
The question is: The writer tells us three   _   hotels.
The possible answers are:
A:natural
B:unusual
C:green
D:movableOne afternoon, Kate and her brother Bob went out to play.Kate was eight, and Bob was ten."Let's go to the bridge and we can see fish in the river." said Kate.
"I don't know..." Bob said."Mum told us, 'don't go on the bridge.' She said it's dangerous."
Kate said, "I am not afraid.Are you?"
They walked onto the bridge and began looking for fish in the river.The bridge was a train bridge.Trains went over the bridge three times a day.
The children were standing in the middle of the bridge when they heard a loud noise."A train is coming!" Bob shouted."Run!" He ran to the end of the bridge.He was safe.
Kate ran, too, but she fell.The train was coming fast.Kate ran towards Bob.She fell again right on the train tracks .There was no time to leave.She had to lie down between the tracks.A few seconds later, the train went over the girl, but she was not hurt at all.She stood up and said to Bob, "Don't tell Mum! Don't tell Mum!"
At last their mother found out about the story.She was angry because they went on the bridge.But she was happy that Kate was all right.
The question is: When the train came, the children were  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:in the middle of the bridge
B:at the end of the bridge
C:on their way to the bridge
D:away from the bridgeThis holiday my sister and I went to Shanghai. My sister had just graduated and she wanted to find a job in Shanghai.
My uncle lived in Shanghai, so we lived with him after we got there. On the first day we went to a lot of interesting places, including Waitan and Huangpu Park. We spent the next few days helping my sister find a job. We read many advertisements in newspapers to find one. My sister couldn't get the first job because they said she was too young.
Then we lost our way and couldn't find the second company. We had a map but the city is so big, so we had to ask someone for help and finally found the second company. The boss had a talk with my sister and asked her to wait at home for their decision. A month later we went home. My sister couldn't find a job in   Shanghai because she was not knowledgeable enough or she didn't have enough experience. In this holiday we learned that if we want to succeed in life, we have to work hard and get a lot of knowledge.
The question is: How did we spend the next few days?
The possible answers are:
A:Helping my sister find a job.
B:Visiting Waitan and Huangpu park.
C:Waiting at home for a job.
D:Reading many newspapers.There once was a man and a woman. They had been married   for more than 60 years. They kept no secrets from each other except that the old woman had a shoe box on the top of her closet . She told her husband never to open it or ask about it.
For all these years , he had never thought about the box, but one day the little old woman got very sick and the doctor said she would never get better.
The woman said it was time that he should know what was in the box. The old man took down the shoe box and took it to his wife's bedside.
When he opened it , he found two beautiful doilies  and some money. The money was over $25,000.
"When we got married," she said, "my grandmother told me that the secret of a happy family was never to argue. She told me that if I ever got angry with you, I should just keep quiet and crochet  a doily."
The little old man was so moved. Only two doilies were in the box. She had only been angry with him twice in all those years.
"My dear," he said, " but what about all this money?" Where did it all come from?"
"Oh," she said, "that's the money I made from selling the doilies."
The question is: How might the old man feel when his wife told him about the money?
The possible answers are:
A:He was glad to have so much money.
B:He was sorry that she was not as happy as he had thought.
C:He was angry with her for not giving him the money earlier.
D:He was excited because he could sell the two doilies for more moneyFather's Day has a very short history. It was started because there was a mother's Day, and just because some Americans thought that if we had a Mother's Day, we should also have a Father's Day. Father's Day has become important in North America. And businessmen found it was a good way to get people to buy a present for the fathers from their shops.
By the way, very few countries have a Father's Day, though some have Children's Day, or a special day for boys and another for girls. More and more countries are having Mother's Day, so maybe Father's Day will become popular before too long. Now, what do people in North America do on Father's Day? The newspapers, radios, and TV tell children what they should buy Father's Day presents for their fathers. They even tell a wife to buy a Father's Day present----not for her father but for her husband, even if  he is not a father. And they tell grandchildren to buy a present for their grandfathers.
The question is: In North America, people have a Father's Day to   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:buy some presents only for their fathers.
B:help their fathers do something.
C:let their fathers have a good rest
D:show their love for their fathers or husbands.Many people today like exercise. Some like to run, and some like to walk. Others dance or play balls. They do different kinds of exercise. Why do people like exercising? It's good for their health. And exercise helps to make them tired, so they sleep better at night.
You may like to run. If you do, take care of your feet. Make sure you have the right shoes. Some people like to run on roads, but they must watch out for cars.
Walking is a good exercise. You may take a long walk in the park. It's more fun if you don't go alone. Go with a friend. Both of you may have a great time.
Some people like to swim. But others don't like to go into the water. If you like this kind of exercise, make sure that someone is watching you. You must always take care when you are in the water. Jumping a rope   or riding a bike is also good exercise. There are many other exercises. Find out what you like. You may need help at first. Some people often do exercise, and they can help you. Do exercise every day, and you will know what it makes you feel.
The question is: In the passage there are   _   kinds of exercise.
The possible answers are:
A:5
B:6
C:7
D:8Many years ago, there lived an old man with his three sons, Dharma, Harrison and Keith, in a village. The man worked hard when he was young, son he had the largest farmyard and the most beautiful house in the village. However, his sons were all born to be lazy, which mad him disappointed. He was worried that his sons would use up his money and starve to death.
One day, the old man came up with a plan. He called his sons and said to them, "Look, my dear sons: in the land we have at the farmyard, there is lots of hidden gold. If you should work together, you may find it"
In a wish to find out the gold, his sons worked hard from the morning to the evening digging and digging all through the land. The days had passed, but they didn't find what were they were looking for. They got frustrated and angry. They decided to give up and returned to ask their father.
"There is no gold in the land. We are cheated."
"Since the land has been dup soft. Why don't you pant some crops there?" was the reply of the father to the sons.
Off went the sons. Soon the whole once-useless land was rich crops.
"This if the real gold, my sons." Said the now proud father.
The question is: What can we learn from the end of the story ?
The possible answers are:
A:The old man had achieved his goal.
B:The three sons were still as lazy as before.
C:The sons were quite angry with their father.
D:The old man was still worried about his sons.It's not just women who wear skirts. Men can wear them, too. In Scotland, men wear a kind of skirt called a kilt. The kilt is their national dress and an important part of their tradition  .
A kilt is a colored skirt reaching down to the knees . It has checks   on it with different colors, like red or blue. Each family in Scotland has its own colors.
How did the Scots start to wear kilts? There are many stories about it. One story is that the kilt was invented   in the 1720s by an English factory owner, Thomas Rawlinson. Rawlinson had a lot of Scottish workers in his factory and he thought their clothing _ their work. So he cut their long clothes into a shorter skirt.
Today, most Scotsmen see kilts as formal dresses. They usually only wear them at weddings or big dinners. There are only a few men who still wear a kilt every day. Scots also wear kilts in parades when they play their traditional musical instrument : bagpipes  . The army still has kilts as the dress uniform  , but they no longer wear them to fight  .
The question is: The story mainly tells us   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:things about Scotsmen's traditional kilts
B:how to wear kilts
C:when to wear kilts
D:Scotsmen's important traditionSarah lives in the country, and she loves playing in the river near her house. But her father gets a job in a big city, and he moves there with his family.
Their new house has a garden, but the garden is very small. Sarah isn't happy. "Is there a river near here?" she asks her mother on the first morning. Her mother answers, "No, there isn't, but there is a nice park near here and there is a pool in it. We are going there this afternoon." Sarah is happy now.
After lunch, Sarah and her mother go to the park. Sarah wants to walk near the pool, but there is a sign before it. Her mother reads it to her, "Warning : This pool is dangerous. 367 people fell into it." Sarah looks into the pool carefully , and she says, "But I can't see them."
The question is: There is   _   near Sarah's new house.
The possible answers are:
A:a river
B:a garden
C:a zoo
D:a parkOne of the secrets   of successful people is that they have good habits. The good habits help them to be successful. What are good habits? How can you get into good habits? Here is some advice for you.
First, everyone has his merits  . You should always look for the good points   in people and learn from them.
Second, you should try to learn new things and new skills every day. Reading a few pages of a book or a newspaper every day also helps you.
Third, start the day the right way. When you get up in the morning, look at yourself in the mirror   and tell yourself you must keep your good habits today.
I think the last one is the most important. No matter what good habits you decide to have, you should try to keep them. Then you can live a successful and happy life.
,.
The question is: What makes some people successful?
The possible answers are:
A:They eat healthy food.
B:They keep good habits.
C:They meet good friends.
D:They have successful parents.Scientists tell us so much about the moon, it is quite easy to tell what it is like. It's certainly not a friendly place. As there is no air or water, there can be no life of any kind. Mile after mile there are only plains  of dust with mountains around them above, the sun and the stars shine in the sky. If you _ the mountains' shadows  it will mean moving from terrible cold into great heat. The moon is also a very silent world, for sound waves can only travel through air. But from the moon, you can see a friendly sight. Our earth is shining more brightly than the other stars. It looks like a very large ball, coloured blue and green and brown.
The question is: Temperature on the Moon  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:is usually the same
B:is always very low
C:can be very different
D:is usually very high" Dreams may be more important than sleep. We all need to dream." some scientists say. Dreams take up about one quarter of our sleeping time. People have several dreams each night.
Dreams are like short films. They are usually in color. Some dreams are like old films. They come up over and over again. That may be the dreamer worrying about something. Dreaming may be a way of trying to find an answer.
Some people get new ideas about their work from dreams. They may have been thinking about their work all day. These thoughts can carry over into dreams.
Too much dreaming can be harmful. The more we sleep,the longer we dream. The mind is still at work when we dream. That is why we may have a long sleep and still wake up tired.
The question is: Dreams and films are usually   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:very long
B:in color
C:about work
D:very sadKelly's favorite subject is P.E. But she has a hard time in P.E. class. She is not good at jumping very far, she has trouble throwing a ball, and she can't run really fast. Sometimes, some kids make fun of   her. So why does Kelly love P.E. class?
The reason is that her teacher Mr. Burns always tells her to do her best. Though she only runs for a few minutes, Mr. Burns says, "Good job! Next time you will be able to go a little longer." Mr. Burns even put a small box on the floor so Kelly would be able to practice jumping over it.
That night when Kelly finished dinner, she put three boxes and began practicing jumping over them. She made it! Kelly thought to herself, "Tomorrow I will be able to jump over those boxes in P.E. class."
And sure enough, Kelly jumped over three boxes in class the next day. The other kids said to her, "Good job!"
There was a relay race   on Tuesday. Kelly was scared that she would not be able to go very far. But when Mr. Burns said, "Ready! Set! Go!", Kelly thought to herself, "I can do it." When Kelly ran around the track  , she heard many cheers and kids shouting, "Go Kelly! You can do it!" That was all she needed to hear. Kelly ran fast. She finished first! The kids cheered for her. Kelly felt so good. "Thank you Mr. Burns," said Kelly. "Kelly, you ran the race, not me." "Yes, but you always said I could do it."
The question is: Kelly was scared before the relay race because she was afraid that   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:she would fall
B:she would not run very far
C:other kids would make fun of her
D:other kids would run faster than herAn expensive car speeding down the main street of a small town was soon over-taken by a young motorcycle policeman. As he started to take out the ticket, the woman in the car said proudly. "Before you go any further, young man, I think you should know that the mayor of this city is a good friend of mine."
The officer did not say a word, but kept writing.
"I am also a friend of Chief of Police Barnes," continued the woman, getting angrier each moment.
Still he kept on writing.
"Young man," she said, "I know Judge Lawson and State Senator Patton."
Handing the ticket to the woman, the officer asked pleasantly. "Tell me, do you know Bill Bronson?"
"No. Why?" she replied.
"Well, this is the man you should have known," he said, going back to his motorcycle, "I am Bill Bronson."
The question is: The policeman  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:had no sense of humor
B:had a sense of humor
C:had no sense of duty
D:was playing a joke on the womanSome parents say their kids don't like sports. Why?
Some kids don't like sports because they don't know how to play them. If the kids know how to play a new sport, maybe they will like it. Taking P.E. classes at school is a good way to learn new sports. Another way is to watch videos about sports. Kids can also read some books to learn new sports.
Some kids don't like playing sports because they were once on a team and didn't have fun. For those kids, it's a good idea to talk with their teachers or parents. With their help, maybe the kids will like playing sports again.
There are many kinds of sports, so a kid should find the sports that _ him or her. If a kid doesn't like team sports, parents can ask him or her to try individual  sports, such as swimming and running.
Playing sports is a good form of exercise, and it can help kids keep active and healthy. Of course, non-sport   activities can also keep kids fit, such as walking a dog, cleaning the room and watering the garden.
The question is: Which activity is NOT mentioned in the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:Watering the garden.
B:Walking a dog.
C:Playing basketball.
D:Cleaning the room.Mark Black is my good friend. He is English. He has a yellow bike. His bike number is 9075. His mother has a black car. The number is CA3566. His father has a black car, too. The number is CA3567.
The question is: Mark and  _  are good friends.
The possible answers are:
A:I
B:me
C:you
D:sheLittle Tommy was doing very badly in math. His parents had tried everything--tutors  , cards, special learning centers--in short, everything they could think of. Finally they took Tommy to a catholic   school.
After the first day,little Tommy came home with a very serious look on his face. He didn't kiss his mother hello. Instead,he went straight to his room and started studying. Books and papers were spread out all over the room and little Tommy was hard at work. His mother was surprised. She called him down to dinner and as soon as he finished eating, he went back to his room, without a word. In no time he was back _ as hard as before. This went on for some time,day after day while the mother tried to understand what was happening.
Finally,little Tommy brought home his report card. He quietly put it on the table and went up to his room and hit the books. His mom looked at it and to her surprise, little Tommy got an A in math. She could no longer hold her curiosity . She went to his room and asked,"Son, what was it? Was it the nuns ?"
Little Tommy looked at her and shook his head,"No."
"Well then,"she asked again,"WHAT was it?"
Little Tommy looked at her and said,"Well, on the first day of school,when I saw that man nailed to the plus sign ,I knew they weren't joking."
The question is: The last sentence in the passage shows that   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:Tommy felt sorry for the mail
B:Tommy was afraid of being nailed
C:Tommy didn't like the plus sign
D:Tommy liked playing jokes on othersWhenever there's a terrible storm, there are many sad stories. Many people lost their houses, their cars and their pets. But sometimes these stories have happy endings, too.
A family in New Jersey, US, had a cat named Vivian. She was very smart. She could even draw with her wet paws  on the floor. They all loved her very much. When hurricane   Sandy hit America in October, they moved to a safer place 13km away from home. Unluckily, Vivian was missing  . All the nine family members were worried about her. They put up posters   to find her. They looked for her everywhere they thought she could stay, but they didn't find it. The family thought Vivian was gone forever.
But six months later, Vivian showed up at their house, according to  Yahoo News. They considered   her return as a _ . No one can be sure where Vivian was for all that time.
Many animals are good at finding their way home. People usually say that dogs and cats find their way home through using their sense of smell .
But that doesn't explain how Vivian found her way back. Hurricane Sandy blew away the normal smell of home. "I wish she could talk," said her owner.
The question is: Which of the following is NOT true?
The possible answers are:
A:Vivian could even draw.
B:The family tried hard to look for the pet.
C:The owner knew how the cat found her way home.
D:Nobody knew where Vivian was while Hurricane Sandy was hitting America.Some years ago on a hot summer day in south Florida, a little boy decided to go for a swim in the lake behind his house. He ran out of the back door, leaving behind shoes, socks and shirt as he went.
He flew into the water, not realizing that as he swam toward the middle of the lake, an alligator   was getting close. The mother in the house was looking out of the window and saw the two as they got closer and closer together. In great fear, she ran toward the water, shouting to her son as loudly as she could. Hearing her voice, the little boy made a U--turn to swim to his mother. It was too late. Just as he reached her, the alligator reached him. The mother caught her little boy by the arms just as the alligator pulled his legs. That began an unbelievable tug-of-war   between _ . The alligator was much stronger than the mother, but the mother did her best not to let go. A farmer happened to drive by, heard their screams, rushed from his truck and helped them.
Luckily, after weeks and weeks in the hospital, the little boy survived. His legs were seriously scarred by the terrible attack of the animal. And on his arms, were deep scars where his mother's fingernails dug into his arms in her effort to pull the son she loved.
The newspaper reporter, who interviewed the boy, asked if he would show him his scars. The boy lifted the legs. And then, he said to the reporter, "Look at my arms. I have great scars on my arms, too. I have them because my mum wouldn't let go."
The question is: What's the best title of the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:A Terrible Attack
B:The Scars on the Legs
C:The Scars of Love
D:An Unforgettable Tug-of-warBritain's smallest school was closed down because its only pupil failed to turn up for class, a famous Britain newspaper reported in May.
The newspaper said the six-year-old girl's parents were unhappy with a teacher who just got the new job to teach the only pupil.
The school had been closed for the last nine months after its former teacher retired and the only other pupil moved on to a secondary school. The new teacher, Ms. Puckey was to start teaching the girl and reopen the school.
But the girl's mother is keeping her daughter at home.
"I was not pleased with the new teacher,"the mother said. "I had told the old teacher as far back as last September that if Ms. Puckey got the job, my child would not be going to school."
The school lies on an island off the northeast of Scotland. Although there was only one pupil, the school is very good in many ways and has a headmaster, three computers, a television, and an art room as well as a school house with three bedrooms.
The question is: The reading does not say but we can infer_.
The possible answers are:
A:the girl's mother had only one child
B:the new teacher was not kind to the girl
C:the old teacher was fit to teach the girl
D:the parents were unhappy with the schoolI first went to Harrow in the summer term.The school had the biggest swimming pool I had ever seen.It was a good joke to come up behind a naked boy, and push him out the pool. I made quite a habit of this with boys of my own size or 1ess.
0ne day I saw a boy wrapped in a towel on the side of the poo1.He was no bigger than 1 was,so I thought him _ .Coming secretly behind,I pushed him in,holding on to his towel so that it would not get wet.1 was surprised to see an angry face come out from the water, and being of great strength making its way by face strokes to the shore.I fled,but didn't succeed.He overtook me,pulled me hard,and threw me into the deepest part of the poo1.I soon climbed out on the other side,and found myself surrounded by a crowd of younger boys."Do you know what you have done? " They said."It's Amery:heis in Grade Six.He is champion at gym.he has won his football award."
1 was frightened and felt ashamed.How could I tell his position when he was wrapped in a bath towel and so small.He didn't seem pleased at all.so I added in a most brilliant word."My father.who is a great man.is also small."At this be laughed,and after some general words about my rude behavior and how I had better be careful in the future,expressed all was over.
The question is: Which of the following is TRUE?
The possible answers are:
A:The writer could run faster than Amery.
B:The writer liked playing jokes on boys of all sizes.
C:Amery was a student in Grade Four.
D:Amery forgave the writer for his rude behavior.Telephone: 22706030
Address: 9020 Bridgeport Road
Open: Mon. --- Fri. 7:00a.m. - 2:30 p.m.     and  5:00p.m. - 9:00p.m.
Sat           7:00a.m. - 11:00 a.m.    and  5:00 p.m. - 9:00p.m.
Sun          11:00a.m. - 2:00p.m.  and  5:00p.m. - 9:00p.m.
NEW YORK MESEUM
Telephone: 77364431
Address: Vanieer Park, 1100 Chesnut St. New York
American's largest museum specializing(...) in American history and art of our native people
Open: Mon. --- Fri.  9:00a.m. - 5:00 p.m.   (Monday free)
Sat            9:00a.m. - 1:00 p.m.
LANSDOWNE PARK SHOPPING CENTRE
Telephone: 33562367
Address: 5300 No. 3 Road
Open: Mon. Tues & Sat   9:30a.m. - 5:30 p.m.
Wed Thurs & Fri   9:30a.m. - 9:30p.m.
Sun               11:00a.m. -- 5:00p.m.
SKYLINE HOTEL
Telephone: 22785161
Address:  3031 No. 3 Road (at Sea Island Way)
The Hanger Den --- Wed to Sun  Dinner from 5:30 p.m.
Coffee Shop    --- Mon to Fri  6:00 a.m.;  Sat, Sun  6:30 a.m. to 11:00 p.m.
The question is: Visiting New York Museum, you can know  _
The possible answers are:
A:the history of America's native people
B:the history of America
C:the history of New York
D:the art of New YorkTwo friends were walking through the desert. During the journey they had an argument , and the taller boy slapped  the shorter one in the face. The short boy was hurt, but without saying anything, he wrote in the sand: "Today my best friend slapped me in the face."
They kept on walking until they found a pond, and they decided to take a bath there. But the short boy got stuck in the mud  and started to sink . He cried, "Help! Help!" Luckily, he was pulled to safety by his friend. After that, he carved on a stone: "Today my best friend saved my life."
The taller boy asked him, "After I hurt you, you wrote it in the sand and now you carve it on a stone. Why?"
The shorter boy replied: "When someone hurts you, you should write it in the sand where winds can erase  it easily. But when someone does something good for you, you must carve it in the stone where no wind can ever erase it."
You have to learn to write your hurts in the sand and to carve your benefits in the stone.
,A, B, C, D,.
The question is: What can we learn from the last sentence of the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:We should write and carve to record different kinds of feelings.
B:We should record different kinds of things in different ways.
C:We should remember both good things and bad things.
D:We should remember only good things others have done to us and let go bad things.Many companies use guards and expensive alarm systems to protect their property . Soon a new kind of protection will be used--robots. Engineers have been working on the first mobile robots for businesses. The robots will guard factories, warehouses and museums at night.
The mobile robots will move around slowly on wheels. They will be able to detect(,) people through walls and pick up sounds, such as breaking glass. They can be fixed with loud sirens to frighten thieves, or radios to signal police or guards.
To protect a building, a robot will have to move around without knocking into the walls. Information about the building will have to be stored in the robot's small, built-in computer. A floor map could be programmed into the computer's memory, for example.
A mobile robot will not be able to do everything. Unlike human guards, it will not be able to climb stairs, open doors, or move along rough ground. It won't be able to tell the difference between friends and enemies. Because of that, people will have to be prevented from entering the area it moves.
One kind of mobile robot will be able to "sense" whether a chair or a box has been moved and go around it. This robot will also judge size well enough so that it won't send an alarm if a cat crosses the room. And if someone tries to steal this robot, it will sound a loud, painful siren. The three-foot-tall robot is hard to be stolen anyway. It weighs about 200 pounds.
U.S. companies pay almost $10 billion a year to protect their property with alarm systems and human guards. Mobile robots may be cheaper.
The question is: Why is the new kind of robots called mobile robots? Because they can   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:guard factories, warehouses and museums
B:send loud, painful sirens when it is stolen
C:sense moving objects and signal police
D:move around and do the programmed workJane was an old woman. She was rich and lived in a big house. One morning, Jane opened the window and looked at her garden. The sun was shining brightly. "What a good day!" she said. Suddenly she saw a man eating grass in front of the garden of her house. She walked to the man and asked, "Why are you eating grass? Are you very hungry?" The man answered, "I have no money to buy any food. I haven't had meals for days. I'm dying of hunger." "Poor boy," said Jane, "come to the back door." Then she walked into the house again. "The rich lady will give me some food to eat. It's so kind of her." The man thought. But when he went into the house, Jane opened the back door and said to him, "The grass is taller behind the house."
The question is: What did Jane want the man to do?
The possible answers are:
A:Help her cut the grass
B:Eat food in her house
C:Eat grass behind her house
D:Eat bread in her houseIt is raining money !
Imagine this . A big bag full of money falls from the sky and lands right next to you . What would you do with the money ?
This is the question faced by British seven-year-old Damian in the film " Millions ."
Damian and his brother moved to a new place with their dad , after their mother passed away . Damian tries to make new friends , but he feels lonely .
When Damian is watching some trains one day , a bag full of money falls out of the sky and lands at Damian's feet . The bag has 265,000 pounds in it !
He can't wait to tell his brother , nine-year-old Anthony . But Anthony doesn't want to tell their dad .
Soon the money brings trouble . They have different ideas about what to do with it . Damian is kind-hearted . He wants to give money away to the poor . But Anthony wants to use it all to make more money ! As a kid , he also wants to buy a lot of fun toys !
But they have only one week to spend the money before Britain starts using euros !
They also find out where the money came from ! The terrible owner wants it back !
At the same time , their father works hard to give them a bigger house .
What will they do with the money ? Watch the film to find out . Together with the two kids , you'll learn that true wealth has nothing to do with money !
The question is: How much time do they have to spend the money ?
The possible answers are:
A:A long time .
B:Only one week .
C:Before the owner find them .
D:Before their father knows .My cousin Jenny made some new term resolutions last month.
First she wants to keep healthy. So she is going to exercise more and eat a lot of healthier food. She isn't going to eat junk food. She is going to make a volleyball team because she likes it and she's also good at playing it. And she also wants to improve her English. She is going to read English every morning. The third, she is going to read more books because she thinks she can learn a lot from books. So she's going to go to the school library quite often. When she grows up, she is going to be a doctor for children. She wants to help sick children. She's going to study medicine at a university when she finishes high school. She is going to work hard. She loves children and she thinks looking after children will be wonderful.
The question is: What job may Jenny choose in the future?
The possible answers are:
A:A university student.
B:A doctor.
C:An English teacher.
D:A volleyball player.If there is an "Olympics for Eating", the days from Halloween in October to Super Bowl Sunday in January are it. Kids always get at least 7 pounds heavier over these holidays.
Well, what do we have in the "Olympic for eating"? The first activity is the Halloween Candy. You can try any way to collect candies.
Next is the Thanksgiving food. You have dinner around a turkey with family and friends on Thanksgiving Day. Eat the delicious food as much as you can. About one month later there is Christmas and then the New Year's celebration. Go on eating delicious porridge  and peas. You are so lucky to have so many holidays and get so close to each other. At last, the game ends with Super Bowl Sunday. On this day, you don't have dinner. You have mountains of snacks!
Who wins the game? Those who don't get heavier! Start practising now! You must be more careful about what you can eat!
The question is: "Olympics for Eating" is   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:a festival
B:not the real Olympic Games
C:from Thanksgiving to Super Bowl Sunday
D:a game for kids exercisingPablo Picasso was born in Spain in 1881.His father was a painter and art teacher who gave his son the first lesson in drawing.He won a prize--"Science and Charity" for his first important painting when he was only fifteen.He studied in several cities in Spain.But there was no one to teach him all that he wanted to know.When he was nineteen,he visited Paris.
Paris was then the center of the world for artists.Everything that was new and exciting in the world of paintings seemed to happen there.When he was twenty-three,Picasso moved there to live and lived in France for the rest of his life.
When he was over ninety,this great painter still lived his life like a young man.He was still looking for new ideas and new ways to use his artistic materials.
When he died in 1973,he was ninety-one years old.
,.
The question is: Where was he born and where did he visit when he was nineteen?
The possible answers are:
A:In Paris and Spain
B:In London and Paris.
C:In Spain and Paris.
D:In London and Spain.Jane  09:45:10
Hi, Jim. Nice to meet you!
I'm a girl. My name is Jane Green. My favorite   color is red. I have a red bike. My bike number is 67582. My telephone number is 873-3516.
Jim 09:46:05
Hi, Jane . Nice to meet you, too!
I'm a boy. My name's Jim Hand. My favorite color is blue. I have a blue car.  My car number is ZA9Z78. And my telephone number is 894-2015.
The question is: The girl's last name is   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:Mary
B:Green
C:Hand
D:SmithLeopards   live in many parts of the world, from Siberia to Africa. They have a very beautiful yellow skin with large black spots. They live for about 15 years and eat small mammals   such as zebras, monkeys, and antelopes   .They sleep for about 12 hours a day . Leopards are very solitary animals. They spend most of their time alone in trees, where they wait until a small animal passes. They jump on the animal and then drag it up into the tree, where they eat it.
Like many animals, leopards are disappearing because people hunt them. They kill them for their beautiful coats. The Sinai leopard, for example, from Egypt, is now probably extinct .
The question is: Leopards  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:live in family groups
B:live alone
C:live together
D:live with other animalsIn the world ,soccer is the most popular sport. This is because many countries have wonderful teams for the World Cup. The World Cup is held every four years.
To remember 2002 FIFA World Cup ,children from different countries and more than 60 children from Japanese schools came together and spent three weekends drawing a big picture called "Dream  World Cups "in Japan .The children drew animals, flowers and people playing soccer under a blue bright sky. They wished each soccer team good luck by drawing the flags of all the countries that would take part in the World Cup in Japan and South Korea.The picture was put up in a park near a playground in Yokohama .Some soccer teams would have games there.
Are you a soccer fan ?The World Cup makes more and more people interested in soccer.  Teenagers like playing and watching soccer .Many of them love some soccer stars so much that they get the pictures of their favourite players on the walls of their rooms. That is the way to show their love for the World Cup as children in Japan.As Chinese teenagers,if we stick on to our soccer dream,it will come true.Let's take action now.
The question is: From the passage ,in the picture children drew many things except  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:people playing soccer
B:pictures of some soccer stars
C:a sunny sky
D:flowers and animals"Cool" is a word with many meanings. It means a little cold at first. As time changes, the word gets many different meanings. We can use "cool" when we talk about something wonderful or somebody looking smart. For example. When you see a beautiful and expensive car in the street, you can say, "It is cool." You may think the popular singer Jay Chow is cool. You can also use the word to mean something new and surprising. Here is an example. One day a teacher took the students to a farm and then asked them to write something about the visit. One of her students just wrote, "The farm is so cool." Because he thought "cool" was the best word to show what he saw and felt. It also shows some people don't have enough words. Without "cool", they seem to have no other words to use. Can you think of any other words like "cool: with so many meanings? If you can they are also very "cool".
The question is: When some people use "cool" everywhere they don't have other words, the writer seems a little   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:excited
B:happy
C:surprised
D:worriedWilliam wants to borrow a book from the library. He comes to the library with his classmates. They can't see any assistant  in it, but only some robots standing there. He says to the robot, "Hey, give me a book on music." But the robot doesn't move.
Then another student tells William, " You must say 'Excuse me' and 'please' first when you want some help." William does so and the robot brings the book. But William can't get the book from the robot's hands. He thinks for a moment, then he says a word to the robot.
The robot gives him the book. John gets the book and goes home happily.
The question is: What kind of book does William borrow?
The possible answers are:
A:A picture book
B:A music book
C:A Chinese book
D:An English bookA famous foreign company in China wanted a Clerk for its public relation department  .
A beautiful girl with a master's degree  went through a lot of challenges and her name was on the list. In the final stage she faced an interview together -with another girl. Both of them were outstanding , not only in looks but also in education.
The girl was successful in the interview. It seemed that she would get the chance. At last the examiner asked her, "Can you come to the office next Monday?" Shocked by the unexpected question, the beautiful girl couldn't make a decision at the moment, so she said, "I have to talk with my parents before I give an answer. " The examiner felt surprised but said calmly, "If so, let' s wait till you are ready. "
The next day, the girl came to tell the examiner that her parents had agreed to let her begin work next Monday. But the examiner said regretfully  , "Sorry, another suitable candidate  has got the job. You had better try another place. "The beautiful girl was surprised. She asked for an explanation  and was told, "What is needed here is a person who knows her own mind. "
That was how a good opportunity _ a beautiful girl ran away.
The question is: We can learn from the passage that  _
The possible answers are:
A:the company lost its best clerk
B:no girl got the job
C:the other girl who failed at the last interview might get the job
D:the examiner was very pleased with the girlOnce upon a time, a boy was walking through a wood and he thought he could hear a sad cry. Following the sound he came to a big, round, mysterious, grey fountain. The sad sound seemed to be coming from the fountain pool. The boy swept aside the pool's dirty surface water and saw a group of grey fish swimming in a slow circle through the pond.
Amused by this, the boy tried to catch one of these incredible talking fish. But when he stuck his arm into the water it turned grey right up to the elbow. As this happened, a huge sadness entered into him, and he suddenly understood how sad the fish were feeling.
He quickly pulled his arm out of the water, and ran from that place. But the arm stayed grey, and the boy continued feeling sad. He tried so many times to cheer himself up, but nothing worked. That was, until he realized that if he were to make the Earth happy then that happiness would be, in turn, transmitted back to him, through the earth on his arm. X|k | B|  1  .  c|O  |m
From then on, he set about looking after countryside. He cared for the plants, and he did what he could to keep the water from being polluted. He encouraged others to do the same. He was so successful that his arm started to _ its normal color. When the grey had disappeared completely, he started feeling happy again, and he decided to go and visit the fountain. When he was still some way from the fountain he could hear the fish singing happily.
The question is: Which of the following didn't happen after the boy left the fountain?
The possible answers are:
A:He started to look after the countryside.
B:He stopped the water from being polluted.
C:He encouraged people to protect the earth.
D:His arm kept grey and he never felt happy.Letter A
Dear Rose,
I like your programmes very much. I'm now writing to ask you something about American social customs  . My American friends want me to join them in their dinner party. I am very happy and have decided to go, but I'm a little worried about it, too. The social customs in my country are very different from here, so I'm afraid of making mistakes.
Should I bring a present, such as sweets or flowers? Should I arrive on time or a little late? At the dinner table, how can I know which fork   or knife to use? How can I let the family know that I'm thankful for their kindness?
Wang Lin
Letter B
Dear Wang Lin,
It's a good idea to bring a small present when you go to a dinner party. Flowers are always nice, or you may bring a bottle of wine   if you know that your friends drink it.
You should arrive on time or five to ten minutes late. Don't get there early. If you're going to be more than fifteen minutes late, you should call and tell them.
Try to be free at the dinner table. If you don't know about choosing the right fork or knife, just watch the other people, and follow them. If you still have no idea of what to do, ask the person next to you.
If you like the food, say so. Of course, you'll thank them for the meal and for their kindness. It's also a good idea to send a thank-you card the day after.
Rose
The question is: Which of the following is NOT proper   for joining in a dinner party?
The possible answers are:
A:Get there 15 minutes earlier.
B:Make yourself at home.
C:Follow others to use forks and knives.
D:Thank your friends for the meal.Yao Ming was born in China in 1980. In his last season with the Shanghai Sharks, he scored 32.4 points per game. Now the big man from China is helping the Houston Rockets in the NBA. He is the son of two great basketball players and learnt how to play basketball when he was young. Now, as one of the stars in the NBA, he is working hard to make his dream come true and show the world that Chinese basketball players love this game too!
Pele was a football player that everyone knew. He was born in Brazil in 1940. He started playing for Santos when he was only 16 and he didn't retire(v)until 1977. He played for Brazil 111 timesand he scored 97 internationalgoals. Pele came from a poor family. He started playing football in thestreet, like many people around the world do. He was soon picked to play for Santos and quickly became an international person.
Steffi Graf was born in Germany in 1969. She won the tennis semi-final(n)at Wimbledon in 1985 when she was only 16, but she lost the final to another great tennis player, Martina Navratilova. People were surprised by the strength and power of her game. She soon became a famous tennis player and she has won most of the main matches several times.
The question is: In which year did Pele start playing for Santos?
The possible answers are:
A:In 1940
B:In 1956
C:In 1969
D:In 1977Coke is the most popular drink and many people enjoy it. But they don't know it has many other uses.
* Cleaning. You can use it to clean your hands, your bathroom or your clothes. When you do some washing and you can put some Coke into the water. And Coke can make them cleaner.
* Cooking. Put Coke on beef or pork while it's cooking. And we can also cook chicken with Coke, it's very nice.
* Health &beauty. Coke can make you more beautiful. Use it on your hair or your skin to make them brighter and smoother.
* Housework help. Watering flowers with Coke can make them more lovely and beautiful.
So give Coke a try next time.
The question is: What will the flowers be like after watering them with Coke?
The possible answers are:
A:Cleaner.
B:Smoother.
C:Brighter.
D:More beautiful.We humans live in different parts of the world, but we have the same "mother". She gives us everything we need in our daily life. She is our Mother Earth.
April 22 is Earth Day. The theme of this year is "Green Cities".
A green city is a healthy and pleasant place for people to live, according to the United Nations.
A green city can get its energy from renewable   sources like solar   and wind power. Also, it is connected by clean public transportation. Moreover, a green city is made up of facilities   that can save energy and reduce waste.
Around the world, many cities and countries have done well to build themselves in a green way.
Chicago is well known for its green roof   program. These roofs are covered with plants. The plants get a great amount of rainwater. Later, the water evaporates   to help make the air cool and clean. So far, there are about 360 green roofs in Chicago, according to the US Environmental Protection Agency.
Curitiba, Brazil, has great transportation. It opened the world's first bus rapid transit (BRT) system in 1974. BRT runs on special lanes. This makes sure that buses are on time even in traffic jams. With the help of BRT, the city has the lowest level of air pollution in Brazil. Today, many other countries have copied BRT, including China and Mexico.
Singapore is home to the first zero-energy building in Southeast Asia. Zero energy means a building is able to create more energy than it uses. Zero-energy buildings work with solar panels   mainly on roofs. These panels can make electricity which powers the buildings. By 2030, Singapore plans to build 80 percent of its buildings like this.
The question is: From the passage, we learn that in the three cities   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:people are encouraged to grow plants on their roofs
B:special lanes are designed to solve traffic jams
C:people make good use of solar and wind energy
D:people are provided with a pleasant place to liveMany French teachers and parents complain that their kids are less bright than they were. They say young people visit museums less often and spend too much time on the Internet. They only read comics  and listen to music, and like American culture more than their own. But is this true?  A recent survey shows that many French kids spend their time as other kids always have.
Most French teens love music, with 86% putting it as their top hobby, above the cinema, sport and television.
French kids read a lot and like different things, from Japanese cartoons to American novels.
Many French people worry that their children watch too many American films and listen to too much American music.
But the results of this survey show that French young people like their own culture.
As Silvia Berlin, a student from Paris, says, " _ "
The question is: This passage is mainly about a survey of  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:French parents' complaint
B:French kids' study
C:French kids' interests
D:French teachers' complaintMSF stands for Medicines Sans Frontiers. It's also known as Doctors Without Borders  . Medicines Sans Frontiers is French. This organization was set up by some French doctors in 1971. Since then, MSF has sent trained doctors all over the world to help people who have suffered from disasters, such as wars and illness.
Now, about 3,000 doctors and nurses work for MSF. And over 27,000 doctors have volunteered for MSF so far. The organization received the Nobel Peace Prize in 1999. All kinds of doctors can volunteer for MSF. They need to be ready to go almost anywhere in the world and, of course, they should face difficulties. Most of MSF's work is in Africa. When MSF chooses doctors for a task, they have to go for at least six months. When doctors have completed a few tasks and become experienced, they might be sent on an emergency   task following a disaster, such as an earthquake.
But why would doctors leave a comfortable life and a good pay to join MSF? Some of them say the experience they have is a great help in their life. And they say that it's great to give others a helping hand.
MSF needs support. They get donations from the government and businesses. But 80% of its donations come from doctors themselves.
The question is: MSF is a famous   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:government
B:charity
C:business
D:training centreYou can't see any object unless light from that object gets into your eyes.Some of the things you see give off light of their own. The sun,the stars,a lighted lamp are the examples that can be seen by their own light.But most of the things you see are not giving off light of their own.They are just reflecting light that falls on them from the sun or some other luminous bodies.The moon,for example,doesn't give off any light of its own.It is not 1uminous.You see it because sunlight falls on it and some of the sunlight reflects on the earth.So moonlight is only second--hand sunlight.
When you look at a book,it sends some of the light which fails on it to your eyes,and you see the book.If light could be kept out from where you're so that there would be no light from the book to reflect.Then you couldn't see the book even with your eyes wide open.Light travels so fast that the time in which it travels from the book you're reading to your eyes is as short as if there were no time at time.Light reaches us from the moon,which is about 380,000 kilometres away,in only a little more than a second.
The question is: You can see the book because  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:your eyes are close to it
B:it reflects some of the light
C:it has light of its own
D:it is big enough to be seenTu Youyou, an 84-year-old scientist, became the first female  Chinese to win a Nobel Prize in science on Oct,5. She shared the 2015 Nobel Prize for medicine because of the new medicine for malaria . Tu started the research in the 1970s that made her find artemisinin , a kind of medicine that has saved many people's lives. It comes from Chinese traditional medicine and now is a good way to treat malaria.
When the news came that Tu was given the prize, there were cheers as well as questions. Some said that her achievement  was the result of lots of Chinese scientists working together. So it is unfair to give the prize only to Tu.
However, Tu was awarded for "three firsts". She was the first to bring artemisinin to her team, the first to extract  artemisinin that can stop malaria, and the first to finish the experiment.
Giving prizes to scientists with great ideas is the best way to keep national innovation .
The question is: What kind of prize did Tu Youyou win at the Nobel Prize ceremony?
The possible answers are:
A:peace
B:physics
C:medicine
D:literatureWhat will the weather be like in the future? Some people say they can know the weather from animals.
If birds are flying high in the sky, there will be a nice day. When they sit in trees or stay close together, bad weather is on the way. Ants often build their homes on the steep   side just before the rain comes. Cats like to clean their ears before the rain. Chickens make a loud noise and run here and there when the rain is coming. Frogs will stay in the water and make a lot of noise, too. But on a nice day, they are quiet and jump out of the water. Turtles   often look for higher ground and cows like to lie down when the rain is on the way.
The question is: What do cats like to do before the rain?
The possible answers are:
A:Clean their feet.
B:Clean their ears.
C:Run everywhere.
D:Stay at home.Many French teachers and parents complain that their kids are less bright than they were. They say young people visit museums less often and spend too much time on the Internet. They only read comics  and listen to music, and like American culture more than their own. But is this true?  A recent survey shows that many French kids spend their time as other kids always have.
Most French teens love music, with 86% putting it as their top hobby, above the cinema, sport and television.
French kids read a lot and like different things, from Japanese cartoons to American novels.
Many French people worry that their children watch too many American films and listen to too much American music.
But the results of this survey show that French young people like their own culture.
As Silvia Berlin, a student from Paris, says, " _ "
The question is: Many French teachers and parents  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:think their kids are as clever as they were
B:don' t think their kids are as clever as they were
C:think their kids are more clever than they were
D:don' t think their kids are clever at allIt is Mother's Day. John is busy with his work during the day. When he passes by a flower shop in the evening, he thinks, 'I'll send Mum some roses  .' While John is looking at the flowers, a young man comes inside. 'How many roses can I buy for only five dollars , madam?' he asks. The shopkeeper tells him that a dozen of roses  is forty dollars. Maybe he can buy some carnations  . They are much cheaper.
'No, I only want to have red roses,' he says. 'My mum was badly ill and I didn't spend much time with her. Now I want to give her something special, it must be roses because rose is her favorite.'
After hearing it, John says he can help him pay for the rest   of the money. The shopkeeper is moved   and says, 'Well, lovely young men, thirty dollars a dozen, only for you.' Taking the roses, the young man almost jumps into the air and runs out of the shop. Then John pays for his dozen of roses and tells the shopkeeper to send them to his mother.
As he walks out, he feels nice. Suddenly he sees the young man crossing the street and going into a park. But soon John knows it is not a park but a cemetery  . Crying, the young man carefully puts down the roses, 'Mum, oh, Mum, why didn't I tell you how much I loved you? God, please help me find my mum and tell her I love her.'
Seeing this, John turns and quickly walks to the shop. He will take the flowers home himself.
The question is: The shopkeeper asks the young man to buy carnations because   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:carnations are nicer than roses
B:John buys all the roses.
C:roses are cheaper than carnations
D:carnations are cheaper than rosesSailing
Welcome to our TV showOn the Go. Today we are going to talk about an exciting sport--sailing. First let's talk to Sue,an 18yearold girl who loves sailing.
Host: When did you start sailing,Sue?
Sue: I started sailing when I was 15 years old.
Host: Is it a difficult sport to learn?
Sue: Yes,it is more difficult than any other sport. For example,you need to learn about the wind directions  and how to move the sails in the right way.
Host: How often do you go sailing?
Sue: I go sailing with my father every weekend.
Host: How far do you go sailing?
Sue: It depends on the wind.
Host:OK. Thank you,Sue. Good luck with your sailing.
Are you interested in sailing after hearing the interview?
If you want to learn sailing,here is a chance for you .The Water Sports Center will organize sailing lessons. Each lesson will cost you Y=20 and there are 5 lessons altogether .
The question is: What does Sue think of learning sailing?
The possible answers are:
A:Easy.
B:Boring.
C:Difficult.
D:Dangerous.It was a nice day, an old man decided to go fishing. But he got nothing.Finally, he gave up and went back home. He found the door open when he got home. He walked into his house and saw a big bear. The bear poured his honey all over the floor. His paws  were full of(...) honey.
The old man was very angry, so he shouted to the bear. The bear ran out of the door strangely. And the old man ran after him.
The bear ran to the riverside. Standing on his back legs, he walked into the water. Soon many flies  were on his paws. A big fish jumped out of the water and tried to eat the flies. The bear gave a swat to the fish and the fish flew to the riverside. Then another one... Soon
there were lots of fish on the riverside.
After a while, the bear went back to the riverside and ate lots of fish.He looked through the trees where the old man was, and then walked away.The old man came out the trees and found the bear had left six large fish for him.
The question is: Why did the bear run strangely?
The possible answers are:
A:Because his paws were full of honey.
B:Because there was something wrong with his legs.
C:Because he liked walking like that.
D:Because he wanted to get more honey.Mobile phone technology is developing rapidly. What will the future mobile be able to do and what will it look like? Take a look at the following mobile phones, and you'll find that some amazing phones are now coming our way.
Packet
The packet has five touch screens with different usages . When folded, the Packet is in a simple square shape. You can see the time and any messages you've received. Once you open it, the five screens will _ .
Cob alto
It has taken only two years for touch screen mobile phones to be used worldwide. Why not the 3D phones then? With an almost all-glass design, the Cobalto phone can make Google Maps even more useful, as shown here.
Human-body Phone
We often save photos of someone we love. When we miss them, we can see the photos. And now, Japanese scientists' human-body phone is more than just photos. With a human body shape, it's coated with a material just like human skin. When you're holding the phone, it feels as if you're holding someone you miss.
Paper Phone
How many times have you wanted to smash  your phone when talking to annoying people? With the Paper Phone, you'll soon be able to do it. As the world's first flexible  mobile phone, it can be bent freely while you're making calls, reading e-books and playing music.
The question is: When we miss someone very much, we can save photos of him or her with   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:the Packet
B:the Cobalto
C:the Human-body Phone
D:the Paper PhonePan Aiying, a Chinese teacher at Wutou Middle School in Qihe County, in East China's Shandong Province, didn't think her text messages would help to get her belongings back.
A young man riding a motorcycle robbed her of her bag, in which there was her mobile phone, bank cards and 4,900 yuan, as she was riding her bicycle home on Saturday evening.
Pan said at first she considered calling the police, but then decided to try to persuade the young man to return her bag. Pan called her lost phone with her friend's, but couldn't get through. So she began sending messages.
"Hey, I'm Pan Aiying, a teacher from Wutou Middle   School. You must be going through a difficult time. If so, I will not blame you. " Wrote Pan in her first text message, which got no answer. "Keep the 4,900 yuan if you really need it, but please return the other things to me. You are still young. To make mistakes is human. Correcting your mistake is more important than anything. " Pan wrote in another message.
She gave up hope after sending 21 text messages without any answer and planned to call the police the next morning. However, as she left her home on Sunday morning, Pan found her stolen bag lying in the courtyard. Nothing was lost.
"Dear Pan: I am sorry. I made a mistake. Please forgive me. You are so kind even though I stole from you. I'll correct my ways and be an honest person," said a letter left with the bag.
The question is: Why didn't Pan Aiying call the police at first?
The possible answers are:
A:Because she thought the police wouldn't help her.
B:Because it was too late at that time.
C:Because she wanted to communicate with the thief first.
D:Because her friend asked her not to.A group of frogs were travelling through the woods. Two of them, Nick and Jack, fell into a deep pit . All the other frogs gathered around the pit. When they saw how deep the pit was, they told Nick and Jack that they were as good as dead.
Nick and Jack ignored  what the other frogs said and tried to jump up out of the pit with all of their strength. The other frogs went on telling them to stop, and that they were as good as dead. Nick listened to them and gave up. Finally, he fell down and died.
Jack continued to jump as hard as he could. Once again, the frogs around the pit shouted at him to stop the pain  and just die. Jack jumped even harder and finally got out. When he was out, the other frogs asked, "Did not you hear us?" Jack explained to them that he was deaf. He thought they were encouraging him all the time.
The question is: The other frogs told Nick and Jack to stop because they thought the pit was too   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:big
B:strange
C:small
D:deepThere are all kinds of food in the world. Some people like the Chinese food. Firstly, the Chinese food has a lot of fruit and green vegetables. It has little sugar and fat. Secondly, the Chinese food is very delicious  and has many dishes. So Chinese people can keep fit and have white teeth. However, some people enjoy the western  food. Now many people, especially the workers in companies , are too busy to have lunch slowly so the western food meets their need and they can eat quickly. And the food is not too bad, too. It is a great pleasure  to try eating a different style of food. In my opinion, I like the Chinese food more than the western food. First of all I'm a Chinese and used to Chinese food, it can keep us healthy. On the other hand, the western food is high in fat, sugar and salt. If you eat too much these food and don't take enough exercise, you'll get fat easily. The western food is too expensive and "not good value  for money".
The question is: Chinese people can keep fit and have white teeth   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:because we don't eat Chinese food.
B:because Chinese food has many dishes
C:because Chinese food has fruit
D:because Chinese food has green vegetablesThe tall man was sitting in the chair. He was reading a book. When I talked to him, I found that from boyhood  , he had the habit   of carrying a little book in his pocket. He often read every minute when he was not doing anything else. He found a book very useful during the time of waiting, such as waiting for meals, buses, doctors, telephone calls, plays to begin or something to happen.
That was how he found his fifteen minutes a day for reading.
That was how he read his twenty books a year --one thousand in his lifetime.
The question is: The habit of carrying a book was the habit of   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:the writer
B:the man
C:the pocket
D:the boyhoodMaking friend is a skill. Like most skills, it improves with practice. If you want to meet people and make friends, you must be willing  to take some action. You must first go where there are people. You won't make friends staying home alone.
Join a club or group, talking with those who like the same things you do is much easier. Or join someone in some activity. Many people are nervous when talking to new people. After all, meeting strangers means facing the unknown. And it's human nature to feel a bit uncomfortable about the unknown.
Most of our fears about dealing with new people come from doubts about ourselves. We imagine other people are giving an opinion about us-finding us too tall or too short, too this or too that. But don't forget that they must be feeling the same away. Try to accept yourself as you are, and try to put the other person at ease . You'll both feel more comfortable.
Try to keep self-confident even when you don't feel that way when you enter a room full of strangers, such as a new classroom, walk tall and straight, look directly at other people and smile. If you see someone you'd like to speak to, say something. Don't wait for the other person to start a conversation.
Just meeting someone new does not mean that you will make friends with that person-friendship is based on each other's liking and "give and take". They take time and efforts to develop. And there are things that keep a new friendship from growing.
The question is: How do you feel more comfortable when you are with new people?
The possible answers are:
A:Shake hands with others
B:Accept yourself as you are, and put the other as ease
C:Don't talk with those who don't like.
D:Walk tall and straight.DNA is the whole "map" of the human body. It is something that all humans have, and it tells the body what to do. DNA is the reason that we look like our parents, because we get some of their DNA to make our own.
People have been trying to understand the human body for a long time. In 1860, Mr. Mendel discovered why we look the same as other people in our family. It is because of small things called "genes" in our body. In 1953, two scientists, Watson and Crick, found out that genes are really messages. They're written in the DNA with a special language.
In 1961, another two scientists found the first "word" that they could understand in that language. It shows how DNA tells the cell  to build its parts. So far, scientists have found all the words in the DNA map, but we still don't understand what they all do. By understanding what just one "word" means, we can help to save people from several illnesses. So the more we understand, the more doctors will be able to do.
Most people hope that this will help to make better medicine and help sick people. Other people worry that when we learn more "words" and find out more information, we will use it in the wrong way. Just to make people more attractive  , or stop sick people getting jobs.
The question is: Watson and Crick found   _   in 1953.
The possible answers are:
A:all the words in the DNA map
B:small things called "genes" in our body
C:the first "word" they could understand in that language
D:genes are written in the DNA with a special languagePeople in the UK spend their free time in different ways. They usually use it to relax. They spend a lot of their free time at home. The most popular activity is watching TV. People in the UK watch TV for about 25 hours a week. They often record   programs so they can watch them later. Reading is also a popular way of spending free time. People in the UK spend a lot of time reading newspapers and magazines. Many people in the UK have pets. They like playing with their pets in their free time.
In summer, gardening   is popular. And families often have a "day out" on the weekend. They often go to a festival or see a show. Young people like to go to clubs, and people of all ages like to go to the cinema.
In winter, "do-it-yourself" is popular. People often spend their free time repairing   houses.
Some free time activities are with friends. Asking friends for a drink or a meal at home is the most usual one. Sometimes people and their friends have dinner in a restaurant.
On the weekend, people in the UK like to spend their free time doing sports. The popular kinds of sports are soccer, horse racing, swimming, tennis, skating, climbing and hill walking.
.
The question is: We can find   _   kinds of popular sports in the passage.
The possible answers are:
A:5
B:6
C:7
D:8From diaries to blogs, we're all used to recording our lives with words.
So why not take those words one step further? It's a great hobby that can produce something as simple as a 17-word poems, or as _ as a 900-page novel. All you need is just a pen and a notebook.
Types of Writing
You can jump into any type of creative writing-novels, poems, or something else. Start wherever you feel most inspired, and try a few different forms to see what you like. You can also plan a children's book, write a song,  or just write pages in your diary.
Actually Writing
Creative writing is a skill. If you own natural talents for writing,  that's great!  If not,  you can improve yourself by writing something every clay, even if it's just a few words. 100words. com and 750words. com can help you reach the goal.
Getting Inspiration 
No inspiration is one of the biggest problems that beginning writers face, and it can be hard to find until you know how to look. So, you have to practice looking. Look for the beauty in everyday life, start by reading everything, and see where it takes you.
Really, just start writing. Get your thoughts on paper, express yourself, and have fun--because that's what creative writing is all about. As Ray Bradbury, the famous American writer said, "May you live with hysteria ,and out of it make fine stories.
The question is: What type of writing should a beginning writer choose?
The possible answers are:
A:The easiest one.
B:The most interesting one.
C:The one he feels most inspired.
D:The one he does worst in.Think of life as a game in which you are playing with five balls in the air. You name them work, family, health, friends and spirit and you keep all of them in the air. You will soon understand that work is a rubber  ball. If you drop it, it will bounce(  )back.
But the other four balls, family, health, friends and spirit, are made of glass. If you drop one of these, they will be broken. They will never be the same. You must understand that and try to have balance in your life. How?
Don't look down on your worth  by comparing yourself with others. It is because we are different and each of us is special.
Don't let other people set goals for you. Only you know what is best to yourself.
Don't give up when you still have something to give. _ 
Don't be afraid of difficulties. Be brave!
Don't run through life so fast that you forget not only where you have been, but also where you are going.
Don't be afraid to learn. Knowledge is a treasure  you can always carry easily.
Don't use time or words carelessly. You can't get them back. Yesterday is history, tomorrow is mystery , and today is a gift; that's why we call it " the present". Life is not a competition, but a trip ,step by step.
The question is: Why can't we use time carelessly?
The possible answers are:
A:Because time is expensive.
B:Because time will get back.
C:Because we are too poor.
D:Because time never returns.Dear Nancy,
How are you? Now I want to tell something interesting. Last week we had a trip to Mount Tai. On Tuesday we went to Taian by bus, a city at the foot of the mountain. We had a good rest at a hotel. At about one o'clock early the next morning, we began to climb the mountain. It took us about four hours and a half to get to the top. The mountain is covered   with trees. I didn't see such a beautiful place before.
"Look! The sun is going to rise!" my friend Lim shouted.
We all turned to the east and watched. Soon half of the sky because white, and a big, red ball was rising slowly. A few minutes later, the sky became bright .
We stayed on the top and had a good time. After lunch we started going down. We got to the tour hotel at about four in the afternoon. Though we were tired, we were very happy. We came back to school the next day.
Thank you very much for your last letter and the beautiful postcards. Hope to hear from you soon.
Yours
Wu Tong
The question is: From the letter we may know   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:after supper they started to go down.
B:they got to the tour hotel the next day
C:Nancy sent some postcards to Wu Tong
D:Nancy had a great time in Mount TaiA young man is sitting by the road eating something. A policeman is coming over. At once ,the man gets up quickly and runs down the road. The policeman runs after him. The man runs very fast. But the policeman runs faster. After a few minutes, the policeman catches him. 'Where are you going?' says the policeman. 'You must be a criminal   if you run like that when you see a policeman.' 'No, no,' says the man, 'I'm not a criminal. I'm just too fat, you see. The doctor says to me that I must always run fast after eating.' 'I see,' says the policeman, 'You are running to help to lose some weight  .'
The question is: What does the young man do when he sees the policeman?
The possible answers are:
A:He says 'hello' to him.
B:He gets up and runs.
C:He is waiting for him.
D:He doesn't go away.It's a long-awaited day for China. The navy now has its first aircraft carrier , Liaoning. It's a unique experience to get to know the life in the carrier. The carrier is just like a small city on the sea. It has all the functions for daily life. There are 4 words to sum up its characters: big, small, much and high. The carrier Liaoning is such a huge one that the total length of the whole corridor could reach over 20 kilometers. But the living space for the sailors is quite small. That's because the carrier is designed for researching purposes, rather than comfortable living. Over 1,000 sailors, both men and women, are living onboard. They are arranged among over 3,000 tiny rooms below the deck.. For visitors, it's so easy to get lost. So the first thing the new sailors have to learn is their way around. The number of female sailors is much less than that of the males, taking about 5 percent of the total. But they play a key role in carrying out some special missions.
Also, you will be surprised by the high level of education of today's sailors. The captain said that over 90 percent of the sailors are college graduates. Six hold Doctor's Degrees and 45 have a Master's. The whole team is young but vigorous. The complex work on the carrier requires high management abilities for the commanders onboard .
The question is: Why do we visitors get lost easily inside the carrier?
The possible answers are:
A:Because they don't have a map.
B:Because the living space is quite small.
C:Because there are too many corridors for rooms.
D:Because the corridor inside the carrier is too long.Tuesday, 1stSeptember
I had mixed feelings today, nervous, worried, happy, excited... My heart went down when Miss Chan, our head teacher, said that Matthew and Beth, two students from England, would spend three months with us! I was worried that I had to speak English so much! But at the end of the school day, I was happier than I thought: the morning with them today was more enjoyable than I expected.
Today is the most unforgettable first day I have had! Matthew is fantastic! His English is clearer and easier to listen to than I thought. The other English student, Beth, is the most helpful girl I've ever met. There were lots of things to do on the first day. Beth offered to help Miss Chan put up all the notices. Of course, some of the credit   should also go to ME because I translated some of the notices for her. Miss Chan praised us!
We finished all the preparations 10 minutes earlier than expected, then Beth and I talked for a while, Matthew sang several English songs and did some stand-up comedy   at the party. We all praised him. When the bell rang to end the first school day, none of us wanted to leave.
When I went back home, I had a little headache. I have probably spoken more English today than the whole of last year.
It was really a happy day! I hope our friendship can continue, even after they gone back to England!
The question is: Beth helped Miss Chan with the   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:comedy
B:speeches
C:notices
D:translationThis is a song millions of Americans will hear this New Year's Eve. It is called Auld Lang Syne (<<>> ). It is the traditional music played during the New Year's celebration. Auld Lang Syne is an old Scottish poem. It tells about the need to remember old friends.
The words "auld lang syne" mean "old long since". No one knows who wrote the poem first. However, a version by Scottish poet Robert Bums was published in 1796. The words and music we know today first appeared in a songbook three years later.
The song is played in the United States mainly on New Year's Eve. The version   you are hearing today is by the Washington Saxophone Quartet. As we end our program with Auld Lang Syne. I would like to wish all of our radio friends a very Happy New Year! This is Buddy Thomas.
,.
The question is: Who is introducing Auld Lang Syne to us?
The possible answers are:
A:Robert Bums.
B:The Washington Saxophone Quartet.
C:Buddy Thomas.
D:The passage doesn't tell us.When women sit together to watch a movie on TV, at the same time they usually talk about a lot of subjects, including children, men, careers and what's happening in their lives. When groups of men and women watch a movie together, the men usually end up telling the women to shut up. Men can either talk or watch the screen---they can't do both---and they don't understand that women can. Besides , women think that the point of all getting together is to have a good time and develop relationships--not just to sit there like couch potatoes staring   at the screen.
During the ad breaks, a man often asks a woman to explain the plot(the story that is told in a novel or play or movie etc.) and tell him where the relationship between the characters is going. He is unable, unlike women, to read the small body language signals that show how the characters are feeling emotionally . Since women originally spent their days with the other women and children in the group, they developed the ability to communicate successfully because they want to keep relationships. For a woman, speech continues to have such a clear purpose: to build relationships and make friends. For men, to talk is to connect to the facts.
Men see the telephone as a communication tool for sending facts and information to other people, but a woman sees it as a way of keeping relationship. A woman can spend two weeks on vacation with her girlfriend and, when she returns home, telephone the same girlfriend and talk for another two hours.
There is no convincing evidence that social conditioning, the fact that girls' mothers talked them more, is the reason why girls talk more than boys. Psychiatrist Dr. Michael Lewis, author ofSocial Behaviour and Language Acquisition, conducted experiments that found mothers talked to and looked at baby girls more often than baby boys. Scientific evidence shows parents reply to the brain differences of their children. Since a girl's brain is better organized to send and receive speech, we talk to them more. As a result, mothers who try to talk to their sons are usually pointed to receive only short complaints in reply.
The question is: While watching TV with others, women usually talk a lot because they   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:are afraid of silence with their families and friends
B:can both talk and watch the screen at the same time
C:think they can have a good time and develop relationships
D:have to explain the plot and body language to their husbandsI think lots of students like the pop singer named Jay. I also like him very much.
Do you know as a boy, Jay was called _ . But his mother noticed that the quiet, shy boy seemed to dance well when he heard the Western pop music. His mother sent him to a piano school when he was four. When he grows up, he has an ability for playing the piano beyond  his years. I learned to play the piano from 7 years old to 13 years old. I often feel bored when I practice playing the piano. But Jay was always crazy about playing the piano. I think he really likes music. He is my hero..
I admire  Jay. The real reason is when the others all denied  him, he never gave up. He tried his best to change his life. I think it is good for everybody. I hope that everyone can learn from him--try our best to do everything. Then I think we will be the winners.
The question is: How long did the writer learn to play the piano?
The possible answers are:
A:For 4 years
B:For 7 years
C:For 6 years.
D:For 13 years.What's the most important thing for you to have in your life? Somebody thinks it's hard work, others think it's knowledge , love and luck...
If you arrange  the 26 English letters in order and use numbers to represent  each of them, for example, 1 for a, 2 for b, 3 for c ......26 for z, you can change an English word into a number. So hard work becomes 8+1+18+4+23+15+18+11="98," meaning 98 is its mark ;Z-X-X-K]knowledge: 11+14+15+23+12+5+4+7+5="96;" love: 12+15+22+5="54," and luck: 12+21+3+11="47," a smallmark. None of these words can give one a full mark. What about money? It can't, either.
Then what else? Don't be worried. You can always find an answer to a problem in your life, when you change your way of looking at things or doing things, or your attitude . Yes, attitude is the word. See for yourself; attitude: 1+20+20+9+20+21+4+5="100," a full mark.
Different attitudes lead to different kinds of life. Most time people hope for a better life. They will have a better life if they change their attitudes. When you become friendly towards others, you will meet more smiling faces. In the same way, if you take a positive  attitude towards failure, you'll find it's also helpful though it has made you lose lots of things.
The question is: What is the mark of the word "money" according to the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:73
B:72
C:75
D:62In most parts of the world, many students help their school make less pollution. They join in "environment clubs". In an environment club, people work together to make our environment clean.
Here are things students often do:
Turn off the water! Do you know that some toilets can waste twenty to
forty tons of water an hour? In a year, that would fill a small water! In environment clubs, students mend those broken toilets.
No-car day. On a no-car day, nobody comes to school in a car-not the students and not the teachers. Cars give pollution to our air, so remember: walk, jump, bike or run.
Use your legs! It's lots of fun!
No-garbage  lunches. How much do you throw away after lunch?
Environment clubs ask students to bring their lunches in bags that can be used
again. Every week they will choose the classes that make the least garbage
and report them to the whole school.
We love our environment! Let's work together to make it clean!
The question is: The write wrote the passage to tell students to  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:join in clubs
B:help teachers
C:make less pollution
D:clean schoolsJustin Bieber's birthday wish has come true. The teenage star announced earlier this week that he wanted his fans to donate $17,000 to charity---so far the total of gifts that have poured in is more than $31000.
"I have had a great year and it is all because of the fans helping me live my dream," said the young singer. "I'm turning 17 years old on Tuesday, and have so much to be grateful  for! So this year, I really want my birthday to be all about helping others. Instead of asking for gifts, I'm asking friends, family and fans to consider donating $17 for my 17thbirthday to help make a change."
Bieber asked his fans to donate to a charity that builds clean water projects in developing countries.
"Together, we've made a big difference for many causes. Did you know that about 4,500 kids die each day from waterborne diseases  ? By building clean water projects for villages that need them, we can prevent this! I want to make my birthday matter this year--- let's make it so more kids can grow up to have a 17thbirthday like me. Join me to make a change.
"I'm really so grateful for my family, friends and fans--- and I believe we can do something big to help bring clean water to people in need. Even if you don't have $17 to give I just ask you to go out in your community and try and make a positive difference. Even the smallest act of kindness can go a long way."
,.
The question is: What does Bieber ask his friends for his 17thbirthday?
The possible answers are:
A:Gifts.
B:$17.
C:Birthday wish.
D:Clean water.Bicycles, a long-forgotten vehicle that seems to belong to the last century, are returning to the streets of Guangzhou, as the city starts to ban the running of motorcycle in urban Guangzhou.
"Business has never been so good for my shop," said Chen Yongwu, a bicycle shop owner at the city's Donghua West Road, "I have to work 12 hours a day to meet the demand of my customers. "
"Even my wife and brother-in-law have to give me a hand lately. "
Chen originally ran a motorcycle repair shop.  He grasped the opportunity of the motorcycle ban, and started his bicycle business soon after hearing about the banning.
"I sold 23 bicycles on January 2 alone. " Said Chen.
Bicycle is more convenient and healthier
"My home is one kilometer from the metro station," said a middle-aged man who is waiting for his bicycle at Chen's shop, "it is too tiresome to walk to the station, but taking a bus for such a short distance is a waste of money. "
"So I decided to buy a bicycle. "
The bicycle costs around 600 yuan, which is equal to the bus fare of half a year.
"Besides, riding a bicycle to work is much healthier than riding a bus. "
The bicycle buyers can be categorized into two groups.  One group of buyers buy the bicycles for the transportation of small commodities; the other ride the bicycles to work.
Arising problems
Riding a bicycle to work may be healthy, but it is not without problems.
The lack of bicycle lanes has posed a big threat to the safety of the bicycle riders in Guangzhou.
"I was riding my bicycle on Huifu West Road on day," said Mr.  Zhang, "then suddenly the bus pulled over besides me near the bus station. "
"I was so frightened at the time, because the bus nearly hit me. "
The sideways in Guangzhou are usually crowded with foot passengers, so citizens also could not use the sideways.
"It is worse than walking. "
Besides, finding a place a park the bicycles could be very difficult, much more difficult then finding a place to park your car.
The question is: Which of the following statements is TRUE?
The possible answers are:
A:A lot of motorcycle repair shop started their bicycle business after the ban.
B:Taking a bus is much healthier than riding a bike.
C:Guangzhou has designed lanes particularly for bicycle riders.
D:Finding a parking space for bikes can be more difficult than for cars.We often talk about the weather. If we want to know about the weather. We can turn on the radio and listen to the weather report . We can also turn on the TV and watch the Weather Show. And we can ask other people in two different ways, "What's the weather like today?" or "How is the weather today?" Sometimes you can call at 121 for the weather.
When it's cold, we _ and need to wear warm clothes and scarves. When it's raining, we need raincoats or umbrellas. When it's hot, we need a cool place and want a cold drink.
The question is: You can watch the Weather Show  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:on the radio
B:on TV
C:at 121
D:Both A and BHello, everyone!
My name is Winnie. I'm a 15-year-old girl. I live in the beautiful city of Rizhao.
I'm an active , lovely and clever girl. In the school my favourite subject is Math. Maybe someone thinks it's difficult to study well. But I like it. I believe  that if you try your best, everything can be done well.
I also like sports very much, such as running, volleyball and so on.
I'm kind. If you need help, please come to me.
I hope we can be good friends!
OK. This is me, a sunny girl!
The question is: How can we know Winnie is kind?
The possible answers are:
A:She says, "If you need help, please come to me."
B:She hopes we can be good friends.
C:She is active, lovely and clever.
D:She is a sunny girl.Mr. and Mrs. Smith come from Sydney . They teach English in a middle school in China. They like their work. They have a son and a daughter, Jim and Sue. They are all in China now. Mr. Smith can speak Chinese. He likes swimming and reading. Mrs. Smith likes swimming in the afternoon and cooking . Jim and Sue like playing chess. They often play games with Chinese boys and girls.
Jim's uncle, Green, works on a farm near Sydney.
He likes swimming, too. He wants to work in China. But he can't speak Chinese. So he is still  there and goes to Chinese classes every week.
The question is: Who works in different countries now?
The possible answers are:
A:Mr. and Mrs. Smith.
B:Mr. Smith and his uncle.
C:Mr. Smith and his brother.
D:Jim and SueOne day a lonely girl found two weak birds while she was walking in the woods . She took them home and put them in a small cage. She fed them with love and the birds grew strong. Every morning they greeted her with a beautiful song. The girl loved them very much and wanted their singing to last forever.
One day the girl left the cage's door open. The larger and stronger of the two birds flew out of the cage. The girl watched worriedly as it circled  high above her. She was afraid that it would fly away and she would never see it again. So when it flew close, she grasped  at it wildly. She was very happy that she held it tightly within her hand! Suddenly, she felt something had happened to the bird. She opened her hand and was surprised to find the bird was dead. Her love for the bird killed it.
She noticed the other bird jumping in the cage. She could feel that it wanted to be free. It hoped to fly into the clear, blue sky. She lifted  it from the cage and flew it into the air. The bird circled once, twice, three times...
When the bird was flying happily in the sky, she was so glad. Just then the bird flew closer and sat softly on her shoulder. It sang the sweetest song she had ever heard.
The question is: What does the story want to tell us?
The possible answers are:
A:We should protect the endangered birds.
B:The cage is used to keep birds.
C:The birds are easily killed.
D:To keep love is to let it fly.Mr Evans works in Sydney. Last week he had a two-week holiday, but he didn't know where to go. He said to his friend Robert, "I hate the hot weather here, but I can't think of a cool place in Australia. Where shall I take my holiday?"
"That's easy," said Robert, "You can go to Moscow. Snow and ice are covering the ground there now."
Mr Evans agreed with his friend. He bought a plane ticket and soon arrived in Moscow. He was having a good time there, but one day he got into trouble . After lunch, he went to a park outside the city. He noticed a dog following him when he was walking past a house. It was hungry and wanted some food to eat. But Mr Evans had no food in his pockets. He tried to shoo   it away, but it began to bark at him. Just at that moment, he saw a stone on the ground. He tried to pick it up, but he couldn't.
"How strange these Russians are!" Mr Evans said to himself, "They do not tie up   their dogs, but firmly tie down the stones!"
The question is: Mr Evans went to Moscow  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:by train
B:by bus
C:by air
D:on footMrs. Smith is Jim's mother. She loves her family very much.  She goes to the store every day. She often buys food, fruit and clothes for Jim and her husband . Now many clothes are on sale at Renmin Clothes Store. They are very cheap. Mrs. Smith comes to the store and she wants to buy some clothes for her family. There they have sweaters in all colors for Y=15 each and sports shoes for only Y=28. Mrs Smith likes the red sweater and she buys one for herself. She buys a pair of sports shoes for her son. The great T-shirts in the store are just Y=18!  She buys a white one for Mr Smith. And that's not all. The socks, in all colors, are Y=2 each. She buys the socks in many colors for her family. She is really a Rood mother and a good wife
The question is: The clothes at Renmin Clothes Store are  _
The possible answers are:
A:very great
B:very cheap
C:very long
D:bigHenry's family has a picnic on the weekend.They ask their friends,Nancy and her husband ,to go with them.On Sunday morning,Henry's wife ,Kate,gets up early to get ready for(...)some food for the picnic.At nine o'clock in the morning,Nancy calls and tells Henry she would like to bring something to the picnic.Kate calls her back and asks her to bring a big bottle of orange juice.The two families go to a park near Nancy's house.There are tables and chairs under the trees near the river .They can see the blue sky and green water there.Everyone likes the picnic and they have a nice Sunday afternoon in the park.
The question is: _   are near the river.
The possible answers are:
A:Some flowers
B:Some beds
C:Some children
D:Some treesQQ is one of the most popular chat tools among teenagers .We regard it as an important chat tool in our daily life because it has some advantages .
First, we can make lots of e-friends on QQ.It is easy to find the person who has the same interest as us ,and we can talk with him or her happily .Second ,we can also join a QQ group to find the information we need .For example ,if we want to learn English well ,we can choose a group with many English lovers in it .Third ,we can also play games with our friends on QQ and always have fun .
QQ brings us a lot of benefits  ,but it can also cause some problems .It's dangerous to tell strangers on QQ our real personal information like telephone numbers , addresses and ID numbers .If we spend too much time chatting online ,it won't be good for our study and health .
The question is: QQ will be good for us if  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:we spend too much time chatting online .
B:we get some useful information we need .
C:we tell some strangers about our real telephone number .
D:we tell some strangers about our real address and ID number .Spiderman is one of the most famous comic book heroes of all time. He was created by Stan Lee in 1963 and was first introduced to the world in the pages of Marvel Comic Books.
Spiderman's story is the story of Peter Parker, a child who lost his parents and lives with his aunt and uncle. Peter is a shy, quiet boy wearing glasses and has few friends. One day, on a high school class trip to a science lab, he gets bitten by a special spider. Soon Peter realizes he has amazing powers: he is as strong and quick as a spider and also has a type of sixth sense. He no longer needs his glasses and he can use his super power to fly through the city streets! Remembering something his Uncle Ben has told him _ ,Peter decides to use his powers to fight against enemies who do cruel things to people. And so, Spiderman is born.
Life is not easy for Peter even though he is a superhero. He is in love with Mary Jane but he can't tell her about his amazing powers. Besides, his best friend Harry hates Spiderman! Peter is also short of money and time. He has to sell photos of Spiderman (himself!) to a newspaper and he keeps losing his other jobs because he's so busy saving people! Yet he has to fight against different kinds of cruel enemies.
The question is: What does"With great power, there must also come great responsibility"mean?
The possible answers are:
A:Powerful people can do whatever they like.
B:People with power are always good.
C:Powerful people should have a responsibility to do good.
D:Powerful people are to blame for all the bad things that happen.I'm taking my family to other countries to have a trip.My wife and I and our two children are all going along.My elder brother will go with us,too.He has never been overseas and he is even more excited than the children.My father is so old that he'd like to stay at home and take care of the house.
We're going by train to New York,and then take a ship to Europe.When we arrive in Europe,we're going to some countries for sightseeing .We'll go to places either by train or by bus.We're going to fly home.
It took us a long time to decide where to go,but I think we'll have a very interesting trip.We'll go to England,France and Italy.We also talked about how we would go to Europe.At first we wanted to fly because it would be faster and would save more time.But my brother likes to take a boat trip and the children like that,too.
The question is: My father will not go on the trip because  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:he doesn't like travels
B:staying at home is more interesting
C:he is too old to travel
D:nobody wants to take him alongTom walked into a shop. It had a sign outside: " Second-hand clothes bought and sold. " He was carrying an old pair of trousers and asked the owner of the shop, " How much will you give me for these? " The owner looked at them and said " Two dollars. "
" What? " Tom said, " I had guessed they were worth at least five dollars. "
" No. " said the owner, " They weren't worth a cent more than two dollars."
"Well," said Tom, taking two dollars out of his pocket. " Here is your money. These trousers were hanging outside your shop. The list price was six dollars and a half. But I thought that was too much money, so I wanted to find out how much they were really worth."
Then he walked out of the shop with the pair of trousers and disappeared before the owner could think of anything to say.
The question is: At first, the owner thought that Tom   _   .
The possible answers are:
A:wanted to steal the trousers
B:wanted to sell the trousers
C:wanted to fool him
D:wanted to buy the trousersOnce there was a man traveling in a faraway village.As he was passing the elephants,he suddenly stopped.He found that these huge elephants were being held by only a small rope tied to their front leg.No chains ,no cages.It was clear that the elephants could,at any time,break away from their ropes but for some reason,they did not.
He saw a trainer nearby and asked why these animals just stood there and didn't try to get away."Well,"the trainer said,"when they are very young and much smaller we use the same size rope to tie them and,at that age,it's enohgh to hold them.As they grow up,they still believe they cannot break away.They believe the rope can hold them,so they never try to break free."
How could it be?These animals could at any time break free from their ropes.But because they were always stuck right where they were,they believed they couldn't.
Just like the elephants,how many of us go through life believing that we cannot do something,just because we failed at it once before?
 _ .We should never give up the struggle in life.
The question is: How did the man feel after he heard what the trainer said?
The possible answers are:
A:Moved.
B:Surprised.
C:Angry.
D:Nervous.Today is our Open Day. Our parents come and see our school on this day. Our school is very big and beautiful.There are five buildings in our school. Look! The office building is on your right. Our teachers work in it. Behind the building, there are two classroom buildings and a school library. In the library there are all kinds of books. Our big playground is on the left of these buildings with lots of trees around it. Every day, many students play football, basketball and tennis. We have a good time on the playground after school. We also have a school hall behind the playground next to the library. We meet our parents and have parties  in the school hall. Today, after school, we have a welcome party for our parents. I think our parents will like our school, too.
The question is: _   come to see our school today.
The possible answers are:
A:Our parents
B:Our cousins
C:Our brothers
D:Our friendsGina is an English girl. She has a brother. His name is Mike. They are good students. Their father and mother are English teachers, and they work very long hours every day. So the family usually go to the park on Saturday or Sunday.
Today is Saturday. It's a nice day. They want to go there with their dog. They leave home at 8:30 a.m. and go to the park by car. They get there at 9:10 a.m. Gina and Mike start to play tennis. Their parents are under a tree. Their father reads a book and their mother listens to music. The dog plays on the grass. At 12:00 they have lunch in KFC in the park. In the afternoon they go boating. And they get home at 4:00 p.m. they are very tired, but very happy.
The question is: How many children are there in the family?
The possible answers are:
A:Three.
B:Four.
C:Two.
D:One.Early to bed, early to rise, makes a man healthy, wealthy and wise.
This is an old English saying. Have you heard of it before? It means that we must go to bed early and get up early in the morning. Then we shall be healthy. We shall also be rich (wealthy) and clever (wise).
This is true. The body must have enough sleep to be healthy. Children of young age should have ten hours' sleep every night. Children who do not have enough sleep cannot do their work very well. They will not be wise and they may not become wealthy!
The body also needs exercise. Walking, running, jumping, swimming and playing games are all exercise. Exercise keeps the body strong. Exercise also helps the blood   to move around inside the body. This is very important. Our blood takes food to all parts of our body. The head also needs blood .Exercise helps us to think better!
The question is: A person needs exercise because   _   .
The possible answers are:
A:it makes him healthy
B:he has a lot of homework to do
C:he is strong enough
D:he does exerciseNew Zealand is beautiful no matter what time of the year or season you visit. The best time to visit New Zealand is the time that suits you best. The weather in New Zealand is fine all year round. However, if you have more than one date in mind, the following information may help with your travel plans.
The warmest months of the year are from September to April. December, January and February are the three hottest months of the year. It is summer. The long summer days are wonderful for water sports.
Spring is from September to November. It can be hot, warm or cool. The weather is quite different. That depends on the places you visit. You can travel to Alexandra in Central Otago and Hastings in Hawk's Bay.
Autumn is from March to May. It is a pleasant season in New Zealand. The temperature is a few degrees lower than that of summer.
The winter season runs from June to August. The mountainous areas are covered with snow during winter and there is a little rainfall in some places. This is a good time for skiing.
The question is: Which month is the best if you want to play with snow?
The possible answers are:
A:July.
B:December.
C:February.
D:November.Some people like to collect stamps. Others prefer posters or coins. But Pinky Bhutia is different. She collects children. In her mountain village, in Sikkim, she is known as the wonderful young woman who adopts  all the children she can.
Pinky was 14 when she adopted her first child, a Nepali baby girl, whose patents passed away. Pinky's parents did not mind. Pinky left school and started working full time because she had a baby to feed. Today , she has twelve adopted children, and two sons from her marriage.
Pinky is about 30 years old and she comes from a common family. If you passed her on the street, you wouldn't give her a second look. She lives in a brown mud-washed  house. There is a vegetable garden outside. Red hens with noisy chicks run all over the garden looking for food.
If you ask her why she provides a home to so many kids, she smiles shyly. But her eyes are serious. "I know what it is to  be poor and hungry." As a child, her only dream was to eat a full meal, and her favorite amusement was watching people with shoes and imagining what it felt like. By adopting poor and homeless children she is making sure that they never feel that hopeless.
Pinky feels very proud when she sees her children happy and bright, Her oldest baby, Aarita  Rai, is now 20 years old, Then, there is  19-year-old Nimbe who came to Pinky because her mother was unable to look after her. She started to work in a government office two years ago. Ten-year-old Bhim and 14-year-old Kumar came to Pinky five years ago, after their father's death. They started living on a patch of land given by Pinky and grew vegetables for sale.
"I like children. It's not one more mouth to feed but one more soul saved," Pinky says.
The question is: After Pinky adopted her first  child, she  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:began to raise some chickens
B:didn't go to school anymore
C:asked her parents for help
D:left her mountain villageOne day, an old man went(go)for a walk in a park in Washington, and when he was(is) tired, he sat(sit) down on a bench . A young person  was standing on the other side of the pond .
"My goodness" the old man said(say)to the person sitting next to him on the bench."Do you see the person with loose pants "and long hair? Is it a boy or a girl?"
"A girl," said the person sitting next to the old man. "She's my daughter."
"Oh!" the old man said quickly, "please excuse me. I didn't know that you are her mother."
"I'm not her mother," said the person."I'm her father!"
The question is: Why is it difficult to tell whether a child is a boy or a girl in western countries?
The possible answers are:
A:Because many boys and girls are wearing the same kinds of clothes, so it is hard to tell whether a child is a boy or a girl in western countries.
B:Because many of them have long hair.
C:They all go to the same school.
D:A or BMr. and Mrs. Turner live outside a small town. They have a big farm and they are always busy working on it. Their son, Peter, studied at a middle school. The young man studied hard and did well in his lessons. It made them happy.
Last month Peter finished middle school and passed the entrance examination  . Mrs. Turner was very happy and told the farmers about it.
Yesterday morning the woman went to the town to buy something for her son. On the bus she told one of her friends how clever and able her son was. She spoke very loudly. All the people in the bus began to listen to her.
"Which university   will your son study in?" a woman next to her asked.
"In the most famous university in our country!" Mrs. Turner said happily.
"The most famous university?"
"Oxford University  ."
Most of the passengers   looked at her carefully. Some of them said to her, "Congratulations!"
A woman said, "I'm sure he'll know Fred Smith."
"Who's Fred Smith?"
"He's my son."
"Does he study in the university, too?"
"No, "said the woman. "He is one of the professors ."
The question is: Mr. and Mrs. Turner were happy because   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:their son did well in his lessons
B:they have a big farm
C:they have a good harvest
D:their son studied at a middle schoolStudents learn many subjects at school, like Chinese, English, math and physics. Some students think it's hard to do well in math. They say it's boring. Why do they say this? First, some math problems are so hard for them. They spend a lot of time on them, but they can't work them out, so they lost heart . Second, they are afraid( ) to ask their teachers for help. They think the teachers will laugh at them. Third, they think math class is very tiring because they need to use their brain to find out the answers all the time.
How can you do well in math? Here is some advice from a math teacher:
1. Listen to the teacher carefully in class and do some extra  exercises after class.
2. Ask the teacher for help if you don't understand anything. Don't be afraid.
3. Don't forget to go over   your old lessons.
If you do these things, you will find it much easier to do better in math.
The question is: If you want to do better in math, you should NOT  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:listen to the teachers carefully
B:ask the teacher for help
C:go over your old lessons
D:lose interest in studying mathAn eight-year-old boy named Liangliang liked watching cartoons every day instead of doing his homework, so his mother stopped him from watching cartoons. Liangliang called the police to take his mother away--such a "good reason" to call the police.
Most people would just laugh it off. However, it shows that something is wrong with our education. It rings alarm to our Chinese parents to think about it.
Parents should ask themselves why they're so angry when their kids want to watch cartoons instead of doing homework. Kids are supposed to be simple and naughty . They can just ask their kids to do things they expect them to do. Schoolwork is important but a healthy childhood is much more important. If they push their kids too hard, the kids will not listen to them. Instead, parents should spend some time talking to their kids and help them grow in a good way. It's also a good way to help parents themselves to grow, too.
In China, lots of parents care more about scores  than any other things. They hope their kids can be top students and go to the top colleges. Curriculum Reformation  is coming though, and it would bring some changes to our schools. It's also time for parents to change their minds to reduce pressure  on their kids and help them to grow happily and naturally.
The question is: According to the passage, if parents push their kids too hard,   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:the kids will be more careful
B:the kids will not follow them
C:the kids will get better grades
D:the kids will grow in a good wayRead the instructions of the medicine before you take your choices.
Adults : 2 tablespoonfuls 
Children: according to  age
10----14 years 4 teaspoonfuls 
5----10years 2 teaspoonfuls
3----6 years I teaspoonful
Repeat above doses  every 1/2 hour to 1 hour if needed until 8 dose are taken. If you do not get better within two days, see a doctor. SHAKE  WELLBEFORE USING.
The question is: According to the instructions, what should you do before taking this medicine?
The possible answers are:
A:Heat it on the fire.
B:Move the bottle quickly up and down
C:Add some hot water to it
D:Go and ask the doctors adviceYou may know about " junk food" like French fries. But do you know about "junk sleep"?
Recently, a British survey found that electronic  products in teenagers bedrooms are affecting their sleep.
The survey was done among 1,000 British kids from 12 to 16. It found that thirty percent of them got just 4 to 7 hours sleep every day. But doctors say they need 8 to 9 hours.
Almost a quarter of the kids said they fell asleep more than once a week while watching TV, listening to music or using other electronic products.
"This is very worrying." Said Dr Chris Idzikowski, a British expert, "We call it 'junk sleep', It means you don't get enough sleep and the quality of the sleep is bad, too. If you don't get good rest, you don't perform well in school the next day."
The survey found that 40 percent of the kids felt tired each day, with girls between 13 and 16 feeling the worst. Nearly all the teenagers have a phone, Mp4 or TV IN THEIR BEDROOM. And many of them have all three.
The question is: This passage is mainly about  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:junk food
B:junk sleep
C:electronic products
D:the importance of sleepAmerican Classroom Rules
1. If the teacher asks a question, you should give an answer. If you do not understand the question, you should put up your hand and ask the teacher to repeat the question. If you don't know the answer, it's all right to tell the teacher that you don't know. Then he or she knows what you need to learn.
2. There is no excuse for not doing your homework. If you can not go to school, you should call your teacher or your classmate and ask for the homework. It is your responsibility to find out what homework you have missed. It is not the teacher's job to remind you of missed homework.
3. You must not be absent  on a test day. If you are badly ill, call and let the teacher know you will not be there for the test. If your teacher allows you to take a _ , you should take the test within one or two days after you return to class. Bad illness is the only reason for missing a test.
4. Be on time! It's not polite to be late. Also, it bothers other students. If you must come in late, be sure to do it quietly. Have your books out of your bag before you come into the classroom. Then go to your seat and sit quietly. In the US, it is not necessary to knock at the door before you come into the classroom.
The question is: If you can not go to school,   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:the teacher will remind you of the homework
B:the teacher will call you to tell you what your homework is
C:you should find out what your homework is
D:you don't have to do your homeworkDear Editor, 
I am unhappy these days.I am a student in Grade 3 of a middle school. I want to be a policewoman in the future.  But my mother doesn't like the job. She always  says it is too dangerous for a girl to work as a policewoman. She thinks girls should work in the office. She hopes that I can work as a teacher. But I really dislike being a teacher. I don't like work with children. When I talk with her about it , she is often angry. She always thinks she is right. I don't know what to do. Can you help me?
Yours,
Lily
The question is: Lily's mother wants Lily to be a  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:a nurse
B:a teacher
C:a clerk
D:a doctorIn English  nobody under eighteen years old is allowed   to drink in a bar .
Mr Thompson often went to a bar near his house.But he never took his son, Tom, because he was too young.Then when Tom had his eighteenth birthday, Mr Thompson took him to his usual bar for the first time.They drank for an hour.Tom drank a bit.Then Mr Thompson said to his son, "Now, Tom, I want to teach you a useful lesson.How do you know when you've had enough? Well, I'll tell you.De you see those two lights at the end of the bar? When they seem to become four, you've had enough and should go home."
"But, Dad," said Tom, "I can only see one light at the end of the bar." (170)
The question is: When Tom was a child, his father often went to a nearby bar  _   taking him.
The possible answers are:
A:by
B:for
C:with
D:withoutNew York is a very large city with 8 million people. How do so many people move about the city on their way to work and school? So, we should know something about its transportation.
In New York you can travel about the city by subway, bus, taxi and car. The subway runs on the railroad lines under the city. It crosses the city at different points and goes all parts of the city. Traveling by subway is the fastest way to get around the city.
The second way to travel around the city is by public bus. It's a slower way to travel. This is because the bus moves in road traffic which is often heavy.
You can also travel around the city by taxi. This is the most expensive way, but the taxi will take you to the very place you wish to go to. If traffic is heavy, the taxi will be slow. During the mornings and afternoons, this is the "rush hour". This is the time when the traffic is very heavy with people going to and from work.
The last way to get around   New York is using your own car. However , it's not easy for you to drive, especially when you are driving in the "rush hour". If there is an accident on the road, you will have to wait for a long time.
The best time to travel around the city is from 9am to 4 pm. This is the time after the morning "rush hour" and before the evening "rush hour". Traffic will be less crowded because most people are already at school or at work.
The question is: The most expensive way to travel in New York is by   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:subway
B:taxi
C:bus
D:carToday was not a good day. Everything went wrong. First, I slept late and Mom shouted at me to wake up. When I went to the kitchen for breakfast, there was no cereal. I decided to have some toast instead, but I burned it. I had to eat it anyway because there was no more bread. The juice bottle was empty, so I had a glass of cold water.
When I was getting on a bus, I realized that I had forgotten my wallet, so I had to go back home to get it.
Of course, I missed the bus and had to wait for the next.
I was late for school and the teacher told me to stay in the classroom at lunchtime to catch up on  the school work I had missed. After lunch, it was time to give the teacher our homework. I reached into my bag to get it, but it wasn't there. I had left it at home. I was in trouble again.
When I got home, I went straight to my room to catch up on my homework. Mom cooked fish for dinner. She knows I don't like fish, but she thinks it is good for her son. How terrible! I hope tomorrow will be better.
The question is: How many "terrible" things did the boy mention in this story?
The possible answers are:
A:Four
B:Five
C:Seven
D:TenIt was Sunday and Tom was staying home. After breakfast he went out into the garden and played quietly by himself. There were no kids around and he was used to playing alone quietly. He played with Bobby, the dog. He climbed up and down the trees. Sometimes a bird would come down to perch on top of the doghouse.
Then Tom would have the greatest fun by throwing a stone or something at it. Though he never made it, he did like doing this kind of things.
Now Tom had been in the garden for half an hour. Suddenly a crack was heard and the little boy began crying.
"What's the matter, Tom?" his mother looked through the kitchen window.
Tom ran into the kitchen.
"Mum," he sobbed , "I broke Bobby's plate. I didn't know it was so fragile ."
His mother put her arms round him and said, "Don't feel too bad, Tom. We have other plates for Bobby. But how did you break that one?"
"I throw this at a bird but missed, and it went straight to the plate." In Tom's hand was his father's gold pocket watch. !
The question is: When a bird perched on top of the doghouse, Tom   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:would like to play with it
B:was very interested in it by throwing a stone at it.
C:would like to give it something to eat.
D:would smileComputers are good tools .The Internet is also good. But some people spend too much time online. They can't stop. Doctors say this is a new sickness. They call this sickness Internet Addiction Disorder  (IAD).
People with IAD are online a lot. They spend hours chatting to their friends or playing online games. Many people with IAD spend more time on the Internet than with family or friends. Some people with IAD even quit their jobs!
Do you have IAD? Think about these questions:How many hours a day are you online? Is it a lot or a little? When you are not online,are you thinking about playing a computer game or checking your messages? When you are online,do you forget the time? Do you get angry when you can't play a game?
If you have IAD,what can you do? Dr. Ivan Goldberg and Dr. Kimberly S.Young have some ideas. First,ask yourself "Why am I online a lot?" Then try to take a break. For example,use the computer or play games twice a week,not every day. In this way,you can have a good social life with other friends.
The question is: Ivan Goldberg and Kimberly S. Young  _
The possible answers are:
A:quit their jobs
B:are online a lot
C:have IAD
D:help people with IADI will never forget my first English class. It is very interesting. It's the first class in the morning. The teacher goes into the classroom with a smile on his face. At the beginning, he makes a self-introduction . And he tells us that his English name is John. Then he asks all of us to think of English names for ourselves. We are very excited  to find a good name. Then he asks us to write our names down on a piece of paper. I think about my English name for a long time. Then I come up with  a beautiful name ---Shirley. All the students write their names down and give the paper to the teacher. When the teacher calls "Shirley" to answer his question, three girls stand up at the same time.
The question is: What does our teacher do first?
The possible answers are:
A:He asks every student to make a self-introduction.
B:He introduces  himself to all of us.
C:He asks us many difficult questions
D:He tells us a story.The Internet joins millions of computers all over the world, and it's used by people all over the world. It was invented in the 1960s in the USA. The American government needed a network of computers for its army. Then in the 1970s scientists and businesspeople also wanted to use the Internet to send and receive messages. For some years, they weren't allowed to use US network, and when they were allowed to, the messages were in very simple text without photos.
The World Wide Web was invented by a British scientist named Tim Berners-Lee in 1989. He wanted to send documents to other scientists. So he developed the World Wide Web. This allowed him to send and receive scientific documents with text, drawings and photos. In the 1990s, more and more people began to use the Internet and the World Wide Web.
So, what's the difference between Internet and the World Wide Web? The Internet is the hardware .It allows us to communicate with other people. The World Wide Web is the software. It allows us to create , see, and read multimedia documents.
The web is made up of millions of documents called web pages. These pages are held in computers all over the world. Many people have a favourite website with a number of web pages on the same subject.
Email is a way of using your computer to send and receive messages. It's cheaper and quicker to use email than send normal mail. New users call normal mail "snail mail" because it's so slow.
It took 50 years for 100 million people to listen to the radio. It took 15 years for 100 million people to watch television. By the year 2000, it had taken only about three years for 100 million people to use the Internet. What will happen next on the Internet?
The question is: Who made the Internet easier to use?
The possible answers are:
A:Businesspeople
B:The American government
C:A British scientist
D:American ScientistsThere are four seasons in a year in China. February, March, and April make the spring season. .May, June and July make the summer season. August, September and October make the autumn season.. November, December and January make the winter season..
Near the North Pole there are only two seasons. They are winter and summer. The nights in winter are very long. For more than two months you can't see the sun, even at noon. In summer the days are long. For more than two months the sun never sets, and there is no night.
In the tropics  there are also two seasons: a rainy season and a dry season.
The question is: Near the North Pole   _  in summer.
The possible answers are:
A:the days aren't long
B:the days are long
C:there is no night
D:the days are less than two monthsAn old Japanese man kept a sparrow   and he really liked it. But one day the bird flew away. He became sad and went out to look for it. At last, he met the bird on a mountain. [:Zxxk.Com]
He asked excitedly, "Will you please go home with me, my bird?" Though the bird was also happy to see the old man, it shook its head.
"Take me to your home and let me see how you live," the old man said. The bird led the old man to its new home. And he found it lived well with many other birds. So he decided to go back. Before he was leaving, the bird gave him a basket.
When he returned home, he told his wife what had happened. She opened the basket and saw a lot of gold. The old woman was very greedy and she wanted to get more baskets. So she set out for the sparrow's home.
"Hello, sparrow. I miss you very much," cried the woman falsely  . The bird said nothing. It gave her two baskets, a light one and a heavy one. The bird asked her to choose one and she could only open it after she reached home.
Of course, she chose the heavy one and took it home with great difficult. However, when she opened the basket, she found it was full of stones!
The question is: Why did the old man go back home alone when he found the sparrow?
The possible answers are:
A:Because the bird didn't like him.
B:Because he found the bird lived well.
C:Because the bird gave him much gold.
D:Because his wife stopped him taking it home.There are forty-eight students in our class. There are twenty-three boys and twenty-five girls. Some students live near the school, and some others live very far from the school. About half of the students come to school by bike . They often get to school at a quarter to seven. About ten students often come to school by bus. They often go to school very early, too. Another ten students come to school on foot. Their homes are near the school, but they are often late for school, because they get up very late.
The question is: About ten students often come to school by bus because  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:their homes are not near the school
B:they don't have any bikes
C:they can't ride bike
D:they want to go to school very earlyWe all know the dangers of fires. It's good and necessary for a family to learn how to prepare for a fire. Here are some suggestions.
Put a smoke alarm in the house. Smoke from a fire causes the alarm to go off. The alarm makes a loud sound. The sound tells everyone to leave the house at once.
Make escape plans. We should know all the ways out of the house. If there is a fire, everyone follows the plan to get out. Part of the plan is to check all the windows to make sure they can be opened easily.
Buy fire extinguishers  in the house. Everyone in the family should know how to use them.
Practise for a fire. We do fire practice because we teach children about fire safety. Everyone in the family should know the following fire rules:
Don't open a hot door! The fire can grow more quickly if you open the door.
Stay close to the floor! Smoke can be more dangerous than fire. The best air is near the floor because smoke rises.
What will you do if your hair or clothes start to burn? First, stop! Don't run! The fire burns faster because of more air. Drop! Fall to the floor. Then roll! Turning over and over will make the fire go out. Put a blanket  around you to keep air away from the fire that may still be on you.
There are many possible causes for fires. A wise family is ready all the time. If there is a fire, don't forget to call 119 for help.
,.
The question is: When a smoke alarm rings at home, it means   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:you have to get up
B:water is running to the floor
C:something is burning
D:someone breaks your windowThoughts on Shenzhen Airport Traffic Accident
March 1 was a very sad day for everyone.
On that day a huge traffic accident happened at the Shenzhen Airport. Nine people lost their lives and 23 people were injured. For those people, it was a night- mare!
To learn a lesson, we must know who caused the accident and why.
The answer looks obvious. It's the car owner's fault because she drove her car into the people. However, is that true? Is that her fault? What about the dead and injured people? Did they have their own faults as well? The answer is yes.
According to news reports, at that time, many people were standing in the turning section of the viaduct watching the airplanes take off and land. Suddenly, a car appeared. Maybe the car owner got nervous, so she mistakenly stamped on the accelerator instead of the brake pedal, which caused the accident.
In my opinion, of course the driver should be blamed because she caused the accident. However, for those dead and injured people, although we feel sorry for them, they have their own responsibilities as well. They should have been aware of their own safety. They shouldn't have been standing in a dangerous place to watch the airplanes take off and land.
The question is: What does the writer want to tell us in the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:We shouldn't drive cars to the airport.
B:We mustn't stand and watch the planes at the airport.
C:We should be aware of our own safety anytime and anywhere.
D:Driving a car is dangerous for the young people.A nickname is a shortened form of a person's name.A nickname can also be a descriptive name for a person,place or thing,Many American cities have nicknames.Nicknames can also be funny.
Los Angeles,California is the second largest city in population,after New York City. Los Angeles has several nicknames.One is L.A.It is also called the City ofAngels because Los Angeles means"the angels"in Spanish.
Los Angeles often has warm,sunny, weather.So another nickname is City of  Flowers and Sunshine.New York is called The Big Apple.So Los Angeles is sometimes called The Big Orange because ofthe fruit that grows in that city's warm climate.
Many films are made in the area of Los Angeles called Hollywood.Millions of people visit the area.So it is also called The Entertainment Capital of the World.No trip to Los Angeles is excellent without seeing the word"Hollywood"spelled out in huge letters on a hillside.
Many movie stars live in Los Angeles.The city is sometimes called   Tinseltown.This nickname comes from the shiny,bright and often unreal nature of Hollywood and the movie industry.Another nickname for Los Angeles is La--La Land,using the first letters of Los and Angeles.
The city of Los Angeles is part of Los Angeles County .There are many smaller cities in the coBnty.A good place for watching unusual--looking people is Venice(after the Italian city of Venice),an area on the west side of Los Angeles.
Many people love Los Angeles for its warm sunny weather,beautiful mountains and beaches,and movie stars.
The question is: _   is the largest in population in America.
The possible answers are:
A:Los Angeles
B:Washington
C:New York City
D:SeattleCan you make a telephone call? Of course you can make it in Chinese. But a call in English is quite different from one from one in Chinese. If you want to ask somebody to answer the telephone, you can not say, "Please ask Mr. XX to answer the telephone." Instead ,you must say,"May I speak to Mr. XX?" If you want to ask who is answering the phone, you should say,"Who is that?""Is that Mr. XX ( speaking)?"Instead of "Who are you?" If you want to tell the other one who you are, you should say,"This is XX (speaking)"instead of "I am
XX"
The question is: If you want to tell the people who you are, you should say, "    _
The possible answers are:
A:This is XX
B:I am XX
C:That is XX
D:He is XXPeople in different places eat different things.
In South China people like to eat rice. Sometimes they eat it twice or three times a day. They usually eat it with fish, meat and vegetables. It tastes very delicious.
Japanese like to eat rice, too. They also eat a lot of fish. Sometimes they eat raw   fish.It sounds strange but smells very fresh.
In western countries like Britain, Australia and the USA, the most important food is bread or potatoes. People usually make their bread at home. And they cook potatoes in different ways. In England the most popular food is fish and chips. Sometimes people eat this food at home, in their workplace, in the park or even on the street. People call it "takeaway" food.
In China today,there are also much"takeaway"food,and most children like to eat them.
The question is: Bread is the most important food in   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:Britain
B:Australia and America
C:A and B
D:ChinaFOR people who are interested in space, nothing is more exciting than the idea of living on other planets. That might be why the movie The Martian (<<>> ) is so popular. It shows an astronaut struggling to live on Mars. But would it actually be possible to live on the Red Planet?
While the idea of living on Mars is great, the reality does not look as good. Mars does not have a friendly atmosphere for humans. There is very little oxygen there. And because of its distance from the sun, it is also very cold. The temperature on Mars can be -62 degrees on average. This is much too cold for humans.
However, scientists say it might be possible to live there even without a good atmosphere. Daytime on Mars is almost the same as Earth's. It means there's enough sunlight to grow plants inside safe buildings. However, they would have to grow in soil from Earth. Mars does not have a strong enough atmosphere to stop the radiation coming from space, which makes it dangerous to grow things in the soil.
The radiation is also bad for our health. If we want to live there healthily, we need to build our homes under the ground or within the rocks on the planet. This would protect humans from the radiation and also some heat.
When could we actually live on Mars? NASA is hoping to make some progress within the next 20 years.
The question is: What does Para. 4 mainly talk about?
The possible answers are:
A:What problems the radiation causes.
B:How to avoid bad conditions on Mars.
C:How to build homes on Mars.
D:How to protect Mars.The following diaries were written by an Australian boy named Tony. He was on holiday with his family in South Asia.
The question is: _   saw the email and photos on the webpage and arranged the meeting.
The possible answers are:
A:The boy's uncle
B:Tony
C:Tony's father
D:The doctorMy son Xiao Guang is 11 years old. He is a tall boy. He is a student at Yucai Primary School.
He loves table tennis and he is good at it. He often plays table tennis with his classmates. The training  makes him strong. After training, he enjoys watching table tennis games on TV.
I am a worker and I also play table tennis. I play it because my son enjoys playing it and I want to be his partner .
At weekends, I go to a table tennis club with my son. There are many players there. They are friendly. Sometimes, we play table tennis with other players.
I think it is a good sport. It helps me feel good. In my eyes, my son plays better than me. But in his eyes, I am a better player. I hope my son will play in the national team in the future.
The question is: What does Xiao Guang like doing after training?
The possible answers are:
A:Watching TV.
B:Having dinner.
C:Reading books.
D:Singing songs.David is a twelve-year-old boy. He is tall and strong with short blond   hair. He likes sports and reading. Every week David gets ten dollars from his parents. This money is his weekly   pocket money. It's not a present. David must work for the family to get the money.
On Monday, David must sweep the floor and walk the dog after he finishes   his homework. On Tuesday, David must take out the rubbish   bags in the morning and clean the garden after school. On Wednesday, he should wash the dishes and clean the kitchen after dinner. On Thursday, he helps his mother do some cooking. Sometimes he has to go to the supermarket to buy some food and drinks. On Friday, he should water (...... ) the flowers in the garden after school. On Saturday and Sunday, David doesn't need to do the housework, so he goes to the cinema with his classmates or does some shopping in the shopping mall.
David wants to buy a new football, but he doesn't have enough money. He is looking forward to   getting more pocket money.
The question is: From the passage, we know David   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:is short with brown hair
B:likes sports and music
C:usually works for his family
D:gets a present every weekHow to get along with people you don't like? We all have to be friendly to people we don't like. We can't change others, but we can change our own ideas and actions.
The following are some methods:
*Be polite. Say "Hello" or "have a nice day". Say that he or she looks nice.
*Be positive . Think of five good things about the person. Maybe he or she is always on time or works hard.
*Really listen when the person talks. Ask questions to understand the person better.
The question is: According to the passage, people had better  be   _   those they don't like.
The possible answers are:
A:careful  with
B:friendly to
C:strict  with
D:rude  toLegend has it that an apple which fell from its branches was the inspiration for Sir Isaac Newton's discovery of gravity . But now history's famous fruit tree is paying the price of fame.
The thousands of visitors drawn to Sir Isaac's childhood home each year could be damaging the tree. A willow barrier has been put around the tree. It means visitors to the 17thcentury Woolsthorpe Manor, near Grantham, Lincolnshire, will no longer be able to sit under its branches as Newton was said to have been doing in 1665 when "the notion of gravitation came to mind."
The National Trust, which owns the small manor where Newton was born in 1642, said the 2ft-high barrier was designed to _ the tree. Official Ann Moynihan said there had been no damage so far but warned that there could soon be a problem."Visitor numbers have gone up by around 50 percent, to 33,000 a year in three years. The more people who visit, the more the earth will become compacted  around the tree and over the roots. We just want to _ the tree for another 400 years if we can."She said visitors will still be able to take apples from the tree.
Visitor Chris Gwyther,37,said,"I suppose it is a pity that you can't sit under the tree like Newton. But you can still see it and the tree is 400 years old, it needs saving for the future."
Newton left no information saying he had been inspired by a falling apple. The story appeared in a book by French philosopher Voltaire published in 1727, the year Newton died at the age of 84.
The question is: What is the reason that people can't sit under the tree like Newton?
The possible answers are:
A:The manor is too crowded to sit around.
B:Their heads will be hit by the apples.
C:A willow barrier has been put around the tree.
D:There is something wrong with the apple tree.Many students in China are learning English. Some of these students are small children. Others are teenagers . Many are adults . Some study at school, others learn by themselves. A few learn English language over the radio, on TV, or in the films. One must work hard to learn another language.
Why do all these people want to learn English? It is difficult to answer that question. Many boys and girls learn English at school because it is one of their subjects. They study _ and maths and English. Some people learn English because it is useful for their work. Many people often learn English for their higher studies, because at college or university  some of their books are in English. Other people learn English because they want to read newspapers and magazines in English.
The question is: Which of the following is true?
The possible answers are:
A:Most people learn English over the radio.
B:All the people learn English at school.
C:Students only learn their own language at school.
D:Different people have different reasons for learning English.Let me tell you my pen friend Ivan. He is 12 years old. He likes playing football. He usually play football with his friends at weekends.
Ivan lives with his father and mother in a city in France. They have a dream home with five rooms, a swimming pool and a garden. They often have a party in the garden at weekends. They like to help their neighbours. His home is not near his school, so Ivan takes a bus for an hour and then walks for 10 minutes to school. There is a Basketball Club near his school. He likes play basketball in the club.
Ivan's father is a worker. He is busy. Ivan's mother is a doctor. She is nice to the patients. Ivan wants to be a teacher when he grows up. I want to be a teacher, too. Every month Ivan writes two letters to me. He'll come to Suqian next year. We'll meet then.
The question is: How often does Ivan write to me?
The possible answers are:
A:Twice a month.
B:Twice a week.
C:Every day.
D:Every week.Grace and I are good friends. We get on very well with each other, though sometimes we fight. I remember last year we didn't talk with each other for a long time before Mid-Autumn Day. But when we met each other that day, we became good friends again.
We both study well. We like talking about the problems in our studies.We also like making up  stories.We made one up in English last month. It was called "Magic Sunflower Club".  I think this is a wonderful name.
Grace is tall and active. She does better in  P.E. than me.  She is good at music. She plays the piano so well that sometimes birds come to listen to her.
I'm shorter and quieter than Grace. I know a lot about science. I often have some new ideas. I'm good at math and art. Our teacher says my drawing is getting better and better. If we don't know something very well, we help each other. So we never have any problems.
The question is: From the passage, we can learn that "Magic Sunflower Club" is a  _  in English.
The possible answers are:
A:book
B:city
C:story
D:clubIf you had billions of dollars, would you donate almost all of it to charity? Well, that's what Mark Zuckerburg, CEO and founder of Facebook, just said he would do.
Zuckerburg and his wife Priscilla Chan promised to give 90% of their Facebook _ to society. Right now that is about $45 billion, and they plan to donate the money to things like science and education.
Many billionaires have done similar things. Bill Gates, creator of Microsoft, made The Giving Pledge, an activity in which billionaires promise donate more than half of their wealth to charities. This started in 2010, and now 139 people from 15 countries joined it.
But giving back and helping others isn't just for big billionaires. People like Zuckerberg, and Gates may have more to give, but people with less are doing it, too.
Especially around the holidays, people want to do their part and give back to people who are less lucky than them. Schools may have food collections where people bring a few food items*, and together they can make a big donation to places like homeless people's homes.
People also host special events like concerts of runs to be creative while raising money. Regular people donate whatever they can to US charities like the United Way and the American Red Cross.
Then these charities are able to help US communities in different ways like education, health and improving the lives of the poor. These individual* donations come together to make a big difference.
The question is: What can we learn from the story?
The possible answers are:
A:It's rich people's duty to give more money
B:There are more charities in the US than in China
C:The poor should work hard to make a living
D:Everyone can do their part to help others.On Saturdays, most people are busy shopping. Some of them go to the shops, and some go to the supermarkets. But in American, most shoppers enjoy shopping in the shopping malls.
A mall is a group of many shops. There you can buy clothes, furniture, and everything you need. Shopping malls provide parking for your cars. Usually, the mall is under one roof so the shoppers do not get cold or wet from rain, wind, or snow.
After shopping, you may get tired. You can walk into the sitting-room for a short rest. If you go into the dinning rooms in the malls, you can have a good meal. Now more and more Americans like to go shopping there.
The question is: People don't have to worry about rain or wind, because the mall is   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:under one roof
B:on the ground floor
C:in the open air
D:without roofMartin Lynch, an American businessman, had been going on vacation to a small Mexican fishing village for a number of ears. One morning while going for a walk along the beach, he saw his friend Pablo Perez, a local fisherman. Martin watched Pablo _ his boat and pack the fish in a box.
Martin noticed Pablo was smiling and looked very happy. He could also see several large fish in the boat. Martin greeted Pablo and asked how long it took to catch the fish. "Just a few hours," replied Pablo. Martin asked, "Why didn't you stay longer and catch more fish?" "I have enough for my family," Pablo said. "And what do you do with the rest of your day?" asked Martin. "I take a nap, play with my children, spend time with my wife, and go into the village to see my friends and play cards, I have a full and busy life." Martin explained that if Pablo worked longer hours and caught more fish, he could make more money. With the extra money, Pablo could buy more boats and catch money more fish. By selling the fish, Pablo could open his own factory and sell direct to supermarkets.
"Then what?" asked Pablo. "Well you would probably have to move to Mexico City to run the business. Finally, you would be able to sell your business and make millions of dollars," replied Martin. "How long will that take?" asked Pablo.
Martin thought for a while and said it would probably take at least 15 years.
"And then what" asked Pablo.
"Well, that's the best part," Martin said. "You will be able to retire, buy a house near the ocean, sleep longer, play with your children, spend more time with your wife, see your friends, and play cards."
The question is: What is the story mainly about?
The possible answers are:
A:A businessman and a fisherman have become friends.
B:A businessman learns how to fish from a fisherman.
C:A businessman wants to become a businessman.
D:A businessman gives advice to a fisherman.I'm Leo. There is a great artist in my family. She is Lisa. Lisa likes drawing a lot. Here are her three drawings.
There is an animal in the first drawing. It has two big eyes, a big mouth and two small ears. It has long arms and long legs. It is black and white. There are some apples in its hands. It looks very happy. What is it? I don't know, but Lisa says it is a panda.
There is a woman in the second drawing. She is thin. She has straight blonde hair, a small mouth, a big nose and two big eyes. She looks angry. Who is she? Lisa says she is our mom. But Mom has curly blonde hair, small eyes and a small nose.
There is an animal in the third drawing, too. Its head is an apple. Its hair and tail are leaves. It has a long mouth, and _ is a banana. Its two legs are carrots. What is it? Lisa says it is a horse, but it doesn't look like a horse.
Lisa is really a great artist, isn't she?
.
The question is: The animal in the first drawing   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:looks very happy
B:is eating apples
C:has big eyes and big ears
D:has short arms and short legsAn old Japanese man kept a sparrow   and he really liked it. But one day the bird flew away. He became sad and went out to look for it. At last, he met the bird on a mountain. [:Zxxk.Com]
He asked excitedly, "Will you please go home with me, my bird?" Though the bird was also happy to see the old man, it shook its head.
"Take me to your home and let me see how you live," the old man said. The bird led the old man to its new home. And he found it lived well with many other birds. So he decided to go back. Before he was leaving, the bird gave him a basket.
When he returned home, he told his wife what had happened. She opened the basket and saw a lot of gold. The old woman was very greedy and she wanted to get more baskets. So she set out for the sparrow's home.
"Hello, sparrow. I miss you very much," cried the woman falsely  . The bird said nothing. It gave her two baskets, a light one and a heavy one. The bird asked her to choose one and she could only open it after she reached home.
Of course, she chose the heavy one and took it home with great difficult. However, when she opened the basket, she found it was full of stones!
The question is: Which of the following is TRUE about the old man's wife?
The possible answers are:
A:She helped her husband find the sparrow.
B:She went to the bird's new home with her husband.
C:In the end, she got a lot of gold from the bird.
D:She didn't treat the bird as kindly as her husband.The train started moving. There were many people of all ages. Most of them were working men and women and young college boys and girls. Near the window sat an old man with his son, who looked about thirty years old.
As the train moved, the son was filled with joy  because he was very excited at the scenery outside. He said in a high voice, "See, Dad, the green trees and the scenery are very beautiful!" It made the other people feel very strange. Everyone started talking in a low voice about the old man's son. A few minutes later it started raining. Raindrops fell on the travelers through the opened window. Seeing the rain, the old man's son said happily, "See ,Dad, how beautiful the rain is!" Hearing these words, a young lady became angry with the man, as the raindrops were dropping on her new clothes. She shouted at the noisy son and his father. "Can't you see it is raining? You! Old man! If your son is not feeling well, get him to a mental  hospital quickly and please don't disturb us any more!" The old man's face turned red and then he answered in a low voice, "We are on the way back from hospital. He couldn't see anything at birth. Only last week he could see again. The rain and the nature are new to him. Please _ him." All the other people became quiet.
The question is: What was wrong with the son when he was born?
The possible answers are:
A:He had mental illness.
B:He couldn't see.
C:He couldn't hear.
D:He couldn't walk.There is a one-day holiday in most western countries on New Year's Day. The real celebration begins on New Year's Eve-the night before New Year's Day. There are several interesting customs in the west, and there are many differences in different countries.
Though Christmas is a good time for families to get together, New Year's Day is a time for some western people to be with friends. On New Year's Day, there are always parties. At such parties, there is food, drinks and dances until New Year comes
At midnight, people often say "Happy New Year! "to each other. In many western countries, _ are let off at midnight and some people like to shout aloud to drive away evil spirits.
The question is: In the west,   _  on New Year's Day.
The possible answers are:
A:friends always get together
B:friends write to each other
C:people can have a week's holiday
D:people go from one country to anotherOne day, an old man went for a walk in a park in Washington, and when he was tired, he sat down in a chair. A young person was standing on the other side of the pool.
"Oh!" the old man said to the person sitting be side him on the chair. "Do you see that person with the glasses and long hair? Is it a boy or a girl?" "A girl." said the neighbor . "She is my daughter." "Oh!" the old man said quickly. "Please forgive me, I did not know that you were her mother." "I'm not." Said the other person, "I'm her father."
The question is: "Is it a boy or a girl?" The word "it" here means  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:he
B:she
C:the person
D:the pool"Tomorrow is my mother's birthday," Ellen thinks. She wants to buy a gift for
her mother, but she doesn't have any money. "What should I do?" She thinks and
thinks. Suddenly  she has a good idea. She can make a gift by herself. So she
uses a piece of paper  to make a card. She draws a beautiful picture with
birds and flowers. Then she writes, "To my dear mom. Happy birthday!"
The next day, Ellen gives her mother the card. When her mother sees the card,
tears   run down her face . "Why are you crying ?" Ellen asks. "You
don't like it, right? Her mother says, "I love it very much. I'm very happy."
The question is: What does Ellen do for her mother?
The possible answers are:
A:She writes a letter.
B:She makes a card.
C:She does her homework.
D:She draws a house.What is your favourite colour? Do you like yellow, orange, red? If you do, you must be an optimist , a leader, an active person who enjoys life, people and excitement. Do you prefer greys and blues? Then you are probably quiet, shy and you would rather follow than lead. If you love green, you are strong-minded and determined. You wish to succeed and want other people to see you are successful. At least this is what psychologists tell us, and they should know, because they have been seriously studying the meaning of colour preference, and the influence that colours have on human beings. They tell us that we don't choose our favourite colours as we grow up. If you happen to love brown, you did so as soon as you opened your eyes, or at least as soon as you could see clearly.
A yellow room makes us feel more cheerful and more comfortable than a dark green one, and a red dress brings warmth and cheer to the saddest winter day. On the other hand, black is depressing. Light and bright colours make people not only happier but more active. It is a fact that factory workers work better, harder, and have fewer accidents when their machines and painted orange rather than black or dark grey.
Remember, then, that if you feel low, you can always brighten your day or your life with a new shirt or a few colourful things. Remember also that you will know your friends and your enemies better when you find out what colours they like and dislike. And don't forget that anyone can guess a lot about your character when you choose a piece of handkerchief .
The question is: Which of the following statement is TRUE according to the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:It is no proper to wear a red dress in summer.
B:We feel happier and more active if we see light and bright colors.
C:All the machines in a factory are painted orange.
D:No machines in a factory are painted black.Barry and Kim are twin  brother and sister. But they like different sports. Barry likes soccer. He is in the school soccer club, and he plays soccer every day. He has 9 soccer balls in his bookcase. He also likes volleyball. He has 2 white volleyballs and 2 blue volleyballs. But Kim doesn't like soccer or volleyball. She likes tennis. Tennis is interesting. She is in the school tennis club and she plays tennis every day. She has 7 tennis balls and 2 tennis rackets in her room. She also likes baseballs. She has 5 baseballs: 2 green baseballs and 3 yellow baseballs.
,.
The question is: Which of the following is NOT true  ?
The possible answers are:
A:Barry is Kim's brother.
B:Barry plays soccer every day.
C:Kim doesn't have tennis rackets.
D:Kim has 2 green baseballs.Summer Term in the School of Life will start on Friday 25 January 2015, in Collingwood, Melbourne, Australia and will become the first international school to open its doors.
To make everyday life rich, the writer Alain de Botton has worked hard at getting the best ideas and the School of Life is his brainchild . Since it began in London in 2009, more than 50,000 people have taken part in its programs and its new way of life-long learning is now well-known all over the world.
Summer Term in the School of Life is a 10-week project offering a selection of the UK's most popular programs, led by Australia's thinkers. "We are very excited to start the School of Life in Australia. We can't wait to start receiving our first guests ," says Alain de Botton.
Summer Term will include different classes, workshops and other special events held every Friday, Saturday and Sunday between 25January and 31 March. The conversation Cafe onsite will serve up a daily conversation menu, light food and of course, delicious coffee.
"There has been a growing need among Australians to deal with the problems in life like love, creativity, work, money, nature and death. The School of Life Australia will provide a space for us to explore   these subjects," says Sara Tiefebtun, Project Director of the School of Life Australia.
Program details for the School of Life Australia's Summer Term will be announced in December 2013. For more information sign up to our mailing list at:
Updates will also be shared regularly on Twitter
and Facebook
.
The question is: People can get more details for Summer Term by    _   .
The possible answers are:
A:letters
B:the Internet
C:telephone
D:newspaperEvery year there is the Spring Festival in China. Usually it is in January or February . It is the most important festival in China. So before it comes, everyone has to prepare things. They buy pork, beef, chicken, fruit and many other things. And they often make a special  kind of food called "dumplings". It means "come together" in Chinese. On the day before the festival, parents buy new clothes for their children and children also buy presents for their parents. On Spring Festival's Eve, all the family members come back to their home. This is a happy moment. They sing, dance and play cards. Others get the dinner ready. When they enjoy the meal, they give each other the best wishes for the coming year. They all have a good time.
The question is: is the most important festival in China?
The possible answers are:
A:Mid-autumn Day
B:The Spring Festival
C:Children's Day
D:Teachers' DayA Policeman and a Thief
One day a policeman was taking a thief to the city . On the way , they saw a shop . The thief said . " Let me go into the shop to buy some bread . We can eat it in the train . "
The policeman agreed . The thief went into the shop and ran out of the back door . When the policeman knew that , he began to look for the thief everywhere . At last the policeman caught  thief again . They went on to the city . On the way they came to the same shop . The thief wanted to buy some bread again . "Oh , no . " said the policeman , "You did that before , and you ran away . This time I'll go into the shop and buy bread . You must wait here for me . "
The question is: When the thief ran away the first time , what did the policeman do ?
The possible answers are:
A:The policeman caught the thief again .
B:The policeman looked for the thief . but he didn
,t find him .
C:The thief was caught again by other policemen .
D:The policeman went back without  the thief .Sarah lives in the country, and she loves playing in the river near her house. But her father gets a job in a big city, and he moves there with his family.
Their new house has a garden, but the garden is very small. Sarah isn't happy. "Is there a river near here?" she asks her mother on the first morning. Her mother answers, "No, there isn't, but there is a nice park near here and there is a pool in it. We are going there this afternoon." Sarah is happy now.
After lunch, Sarah and her mother go to the park. Sarah wants to walk near the pool, but there is a sign before it. Her mother reads it to her, "Warning : This pool is dangerous. 367 people fell into it." Sarah looks into the pool carefully , and she says, "But I can't see them."
The question is: Sarah likes playing   _   very much.
The possible answers are:
A:in the park
B:in the garden
C:in the river
D:in the zooIn their last moment before the flight took off, I heard a father saying to his daughter, "I love you, I wish you enough." The daughter said, "Daddy, our life together has been more than enough. Your love is all I ever needed. I wish you enough to." They kissed goodbye and the daughter left. I could see the father was very sad.
Suddenly the father walked towards me and asked me, "Did you ever say goodbye to someone knowing it would be the last time?"
His words made me think of my father. Realizing that my father's days were limited  , I took the time to tell him face to face how much he meant to me. So I understood what this father was experiencing.
"Yes, I did." I answered, "But why is this a last goodbye?"
"I am old and my daughter lives much too far away. Maybe her next trip back will be for my funeral  ," he said.
"When you were saying goodbye, I heard you say 'I wish you enough'. What does that mean?"
He began to smile. "My parents used to say it to me. When we say 'I wish you enough', we want the other person to have a life filled with enough good things." He stopped for a moment and continued, "I wish you enough sun to keep your attitude bright. I wish you enough rain to appreciate (, ) the sun more. I wish you enough happiness to keep your spirit alive. I wish you enough pain so that the smallest joys in life seem much bigger... I wish you enough 'Hellos' to get you through the final 'Goodbye'".
He then said goodbye to me and walked away.
The question is: Which is NOT mentioned according to the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:The father's parents used to say "I wish you enough".
B:The father was sad when his daughter left.
C:The writer was the father's friend.
D:The father wished his daughter to live a happy life.International students in Christine Rhodes' English class in Australia share theirimpressions   of places they have visited in Australia.
Canberra, the nicest city in Australia
I went for a short holiday to Canberra. My uncle lives there. It's the nicest city in Australia, a little bit similar to Cairns. There're lots of big rivers and trees around the city.
Siggi Siebold from Germany
The small city of Mount Isa
I went to Mount Isa six months ago. It's a long way from Brisbane -- about 2,000 km. It's a small city, with a population of 21,000, but it has all the basic _ such as a base hospital, six schools and supermarkets. Here the weather is hot and gets very little rain. There're two big lakes to keep rainwater for people in the city to drink.
Indra Ekanayake
Lake Moondarra and amine  
In Mount Isa, there's adam   called Lake Moondarra. At weekends you can go there with your friends, and it is beautiful. On the lake, there is water skiing. Also, people can go fishing there.
There's a big mine in Mount Isa. Many people go to work in the mine and earn a lot of money. Mount Isa isn't a beautiful green place, but many people love it.
Ida Robb from Indonesia
The question is: Lake Moondarra is a  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:city
B:mountain
C:mine
D:damMany people catch a cold in the spring time and / or fall.  It makes us wonder .if scientists can send a man to the moon, why they can't find a cure for the common cold. The answer is easy. There are exactly hundreds of kinds of cold viruses there. You never know which one you will get, so there isn't a cure for each one.
When a virus attacks your body, the body works hard to get rid of it. Blood rushes to your nose and brings congestion with it .You feel terrible because you can't breathe well, but your body is actually "eating" the virus. Your temperature rises and you get a fever, but the heat of your body is killing the virus. You also have a running nose to stop the virus from getting to your cells.  You may feel miserable, but actually your wonderful body is doing everything it can to kill the cold.
Different people have different remedies for colds. In the United States and sane other countries, for example, people might eat chicken soup to feel better. Some people take hot baths and drink warm liquids.  Other people take medicine to stop the fever, congestion, and running nose.
There is one interesting thing to note - some scientists say taking medicines when you have a cold is actually bad for you. The virus stays in you longer because your body doesn't have a way to fight it and kill it .Bodies can do an amazing job on their own.  There is a joke, however, on taking medicine when you have a cold. It goes like this:
The question is: Why can't you breathe we11 when you catch a cold? Because.
The possible answers are:
A:you get a fever
B:the weather is so cold
C:blood rushes to your nose and brings congestion with it
D:too much virus stays in your nose and prevent you from breathingWhen you watch 3D movies or TV,you have to wear a special pair of glasses.The 3D glasses make the images from the screen look like they are there in the room with you.
Three-dimensional,or 3D,means having three dimensions  : width,height and depth.3D technology  is based on the way the human brain  and eyes work.Because the _ of a person's eyes are about 6.5era apart ,when we look at something,each eye sees it from a different angle .Our eyes send the two images to our brain,and the brain puts them together.The small difference between the image from the right eye and the image from the left eye allows us to see depth.
When we view pictures and television in two dimensions,each eye gets the same information.That is because the image has no real depth,and there is only one of viewing it.So the goal of 3D technology is to get a different image into each of the viewer.It uses two film projectors.One projects a left eye image and the other projects a right image.The 3D glasses allow us to see a different image in each eye.
While watching 3D films,we feel that we are in the same environment as the things we're watching.However,it also has its disadvantages.The 3D glasses work by controlling the amount of light that reaches the eyes.It makes the screen look darker.What's more,people with eye problems may get headaches if they spend too much time watching 3D movies,because their brains need to work harder to "read" the images.
The question is: Which of the following is TRUE?
The possible answers are:
A:3D glasses make the screen look brighter.
B:People with eye problems can't see 3D films.
C:A 3D film needs making by two film projectors.
D:3D glasses held people get the same image in each eye.In their last moment before the flight took off, I heard a father saying to his daughter, " I love you, I wish you enough." The daughter said, "Daddy, our life together has been more than enough. Your love is all I ever needed. I wish you enough to." They kissed goodbye and the daughter left. I could see the father was very sad.
Suddenly the father walked towards me and asked me, "Did you ever say goodbye to someone knowing it would be the last time?"
His words made me think of my father. Realizing that my father's days were limited ,I took the time to tell him face to face how much he meant to me. So I understood what this father was experiencing.
" Yes, I did." I answered, " But why is this a last goodbye?"
" I am old and my daughter lives much too far away. Maybe her next trip back will be for my funeral  ," he said.
" When you were saying goodbye, I heard you say 'I wish you enough'. What does that mean?"
He began to smile. "my parents used to say it to me . When we say 'I wish you enough',we want the other person to have a life filled with enough good things." He stopped for a moment and continued, "I wish you enough sun to keep your attitude bright. I wish you enough rain to appreciate (, ) the sun more. I wish you enough happiness to keep your spirit alive. I wish you enough pain so that the smallest joys in life seem much bigger... I wish you enough 'Hellos' to get you through the final ' Goodbye'".
He then said goodbye to me and walked away.
,. (5,2, 10)
The question is: According to the passage, why must we be wished enough pain?
The possible answers are:
A:Because no pain, no gain.
B:Because we can keep our spirit alive.
C:Because the tiny happiness makes us feel like the great joys.
D:Because the pleasures and pains in life are necessary.It's Sunday today. Students are having good time in the park.
Look, there is a table under a big tree, three students are sitting there. Lucy is reading a book, she looks very happy. Next to her is another girl, she's Mary. She is eating apples with her friend Jean. They think the apples are very delicious. Other girls are drawing pictures there.In the middle of the park, there is a playground. There are four boys, they are playing basketball. Lisa is watching them, and singing beautiful songs.
Near the lake, Mr. Li is telling interesting stories for other students, they are so happy and relaxing.
The question is: Which of the following is NOT TRUE?
The possible answers are:
A:Lisa is singing beautiful songs.
B:Mr. Li is telling interesting stories.
C:Mary is playing basketball with boys.
D:Jean is sitting next to Lucy.In our town, everyone knows Mrs. Ai loves eating fish heads. When the family have meals together and there is fish in the meal, her children always give her the fish heads first. Only when she is eating outside, she often says "no" to fish heads very politely.
Not long ago, Mrs. Ai dies. Before she dies, some of her old friends come to see her and cook some fish heads for her. At that time she can't eat anything, but she tells her friends a secret, "Thank you very much for cooking me the fish heads. But tell you the truth: I never really love eating fish heads. My family is poor. My husband and children like eating fish. If I eat some, they will eat a little less. If I don't eat any, they will feel sorry. So I have to say I love eating fish heads. In my life, I only wish I could eat the meat of the fish."
Now, if someone says he (or she) loves eating fish heads, I always want to know: Does he (or she) really love eating fish heads or just eat fish heads for love?
The question is: What do her friends do before Mrs. Ai dies?
The possible answers are:
A:They come to ask her why she likes eating fish heads,
B:They come to see her and cook some fish heads for her,
C:They come to say goodbye to her.
D:They come to give her some money.My name is Mike. I'm a student of No. 14 Middle School. Our school is on Guangming Street. It's next to the People's Library. There is a big park across from our school. The pay phone is between our school and the post office. I live near the school. I often walk to school. It takes me five minutes.
There are three buildings   in our school, the students' building, the teachers' building and a library building. The teachers in our school are very good and friendly. Our school is very beautiful.
If you come to our school from the airport  , you can take a taxi. It takes about thirty minutes to get to our school by taxi. Now let me tell you the way to our school. First, go along Bridge Street and turn left when you see Guangming Street. Go along Guangming Street, you can see the People's Library on your left. Our school is next to it. If you can't find it, you can call me at 010-89864578.
The question is: Where is Mike's school?
The possible answers are:
A:It's across from the People's Library.
B:It's on Bridge Street.
C:It's across from a big park.
D:It's between the post office and the pay phone.You may know about " junk food" like French fries. But do you know about "junk sleep"?
Recently, a British survey found that electronic  products in teenagers bedrooms are affecting their sleep.
The survey was done among 1,000 British kids from 12 to 16. It found that thirty percent of them got just 4 to 7 hours sleep every day. But doctors say they need 8 to 9 hours.
Almost a quarter of the kids said they fell asleep more than once a week while watching TV, listening to music or using other electronic products.
"This is very worrying." Said Dr Chris Idzikowski, a British expert, "We call it 'junk sleep', It means you don't get enough sleep and the quality of the sleep is bad, too. If you don't get good rest, you don't perform well in school the next day."
The survey found that 40 percent of the kids felt tired each day, with girls between 13 and 16 feeling the worst. Nearly all the teenagers have a phone, Mp4 or TV IN THEIR BEDROOM. And many of them have all three.
The question is: Which of the following is the best solution to the problem?
The possible answers are:
A:Parents watch TV together with their children
B:Forbid teenagers to use any electronic product.
C:Teenagers limit   their use of the electronic products.
D:The use of mobile phone and Mp4 is not allowed at schoolIt is good to keep animals in zoos. Zoos are places for people to see many different kinds of animals from all over the world. Without zoos, most people would never see a real tiger or bear. Secondly, zoos look after the animals very well. The animals are always given food and cleaned on time. In the wild, it is not always possible for an animal to find food, so sometimes it goes hungry. Thirdly, Zoos protect the animals. They give them safe place to live in. In the wild, some kinds of animals are in danger. If there is no zoos, there would be fewer kinds of animals in the world.
However, some people think it is unnatural  and unfair to keep wild animals in cages. Some cages are too small for many animals such as bears and tigers. They always look not happy in cages. Wild animals should look for their own food. Anyone would not feel happy if he isn't allowed  to go outside his home and animals don't like it either.
The question is: According to the last sentence, we can say   _
The possible answers are:
A:Some people think we should take the animals back to the wild.
B:People shouldn't go outside home.
C:People will be glad to stay at home.
D:Animals like to stay in the cages.Born as the only child in the family, I am the "king" of the family. My parents are both businessmen and they come home every two weeks. Because they don't spend much time with me, they always feel guilty* and will buy me many expensive things and let me do whatever I want. My grandparents never let me do any chores because they want me to do my schoolwork.
I used to take everything for granted*. I never said "thank you" to people. As time went by, I found that my classmates didn't like me and my best friends left me. one day, I asked Leo, who used to be one of my best friends. He said that I was selfish, rude* and bad-tempered*. "No one wants to make friends with a person who always receives but never gives anything!" he said. I was shocked* at his words. "Oh, no! Please don't leave me. I need friends! I will be lonely and unhappy without friends!" I locked myself up in the room and cried. "I want my friends back. But how?"
Then I noticed that all the popular kids in the class friendly to others. They always smile and say "thank you" to others. They do whatever they can to help when others are in trouble. Other kids like them and always play with them. "I need to change! I will get my friends back," I said to myself. From then on, I started to change myself. I learned to say "thank you" to others. I smiled and volunteered to help other kids. I tried to be as nice as I could.
, I found that other kids liked to talk with me and they would ask me to play with them and even told me their secrets. My friends came back to me again.
Now I have more friends than I used to do and I am happier than I used to be.
The question is: What did the boy do to change himself?
The possible answers are:
A:He learned to say "thank you".
B:He always smiled at others.
C:He helped others as much as he could.
D:All of the above.Years ago, I went to a special English class because it was the only school subject that I wasn't good at. I got excellent marks because of my fine memory  . I could read and translate any text that I heard once but I couldn't make my own   sentences. My face usually turned red when my teacher wanted me to answer questions in English. A few months later, I had to pass an exam. I couldn't _ the novel with my own words, so I decided to learn the book by heart. I told my teacher 10 pages of the book. When the teacher understood what was happening, she stopped me and said, "Gagik, you have a fine memory, but it's much easier to speak English."
That day on my way home, I met a foreigner. He couldn't find the way to his hotel. To my surprise, I spoke to him in English and helped him find his hotel. I found speaking English was not so difficult if I didn't think too much about making mistakes. I thought that was the secret of learning to speak English. How happy I was!
The question is: What is the passage about?
The possible answers are:
A:One of the writer's best English teachers.
B:One of the happiest days in the writer's life.
C:How the writer helped a foreigner find his hotel.
D:How the writer learned to speak English.A UN report said that around 60 million people across the world are drinking polluted water. Some 4,500 children die every day because of polluted water.
A report showed that environmental problems kill 3 million children under five years old each year, making them one of the key contributors   in more than 10 million child deaths each year.
Dangerous factors   include indoor and outdoor air pollution, water pollution.
Another study showed that parents and scientists from seven countries including the United States and India think pollution is the biggest threat   to children's living environment.
Mrs Green tries to teach her daughter Susan by setting a personal example. She picks out recyclable   waste and uses the water from the washing machine to wash the toilet.
Chinese children mostly learn about environmental protection in school. Some non-governmental organizations and child centres also teach kids to protect the environment. "More parents have known about it. Family is now playing a more important role," says a Chinese official.
Vera Lehmann, a German scientist says many Chinese now think more of pollution. "I was surprised to find many schools in China are willing to educate the children on environment," Lehmann said. "There has been a big change between now and ten years ago when I first travelled here."
The question is: What is the main cause of child deaths?
The possible answers are:
A:Polluted water.
B:Poor education.
C:Environmental problems.
D:Indoor and outdoor air pollution.Dear Mrs. Smith,
I was a students of yours in Grade Six, and I hope you still remember me. I'm writing this letter because I want to let you know that the school year with you was important and special to me.
It made a big contribution to my life.
I know I was very quiet in your class, and you never said much to me. But you did something that made a big difference in my life. You see, all through my first year in school, I hated to read. Books were just words that had very little to do with me, and I was bored by them. I'll never forget the first day of Grade Six when you took out a thick book and began to read the story to our class. Your voice seemed to change with the people in the story, I couldn't wait until after lunch when you would read to the class. You read us all kinds of wonderful books.
During the summer after my year in your class, I missed hearing the stories you would read. So one day I picked up a book and read it all on my own. I found out that I could make the words interesting, too. I love to read! Thank you for opening the world of books for me.
Yours,
Jenny
The question is: Which is NOT TRUE in the story?
The possible answers are:
A:The teacher often said much to Jenny.
B:The teacher did something important in Jenny's life.
C:The teacher opened the world of books for Jenny.
D:The teacher read them all kinds of wonderful books.One day a teacher told his students a story: There were three dogs chasing a woodchuck  ,which ran into a hole in a tree. Soon from the tree out ran a white rabbit. The rabbit ran away very fast. _ and driven by the three dogs, the rabbit climbed up a tree. But it couldn't stand steadily, so it fell down to the ground. Before the dogs came to realize what had happened, the rabbit ran away quickly again...
Finishing the story, the teacher asked, "Are there any problems with the story?" One student said, "Rabbit cannot climb trees." Another said, "It's impossible for three dogs not to catch a rabbit."
When the students couldn't find any more problems with the story, the teacher said, "There is another problem. Where did the woodchuck go? The woodchuck was the goal that the dogs were chasing. But because of the rabbit's appearance, the dogs changed their direction, and our thoughts unknowingly changed, too. The woodchuck disappeared in our minds."
Such is life. While holding on to our goals, we are sometimes fascinated by surrounding  beauties or interrupted  by minor details, so we forget our goals.
The question is: What's the best title for the article?
The possible answers are:
A:Three Dogs and A Rabbit.
B:Where Did the Woodchuck Go?
C:Forget Our Goals in Life
D:Are There Any Problems With the Story?There's no pizza on Mars, but scientists have found a solution to this problem for hungry astronauts: a pizza printer! NASA, the American space agency, has developed a machine that "prints" food. They showed a model of the printer in Austin, Texas last month.
How does it work? Cartridges  filled with powdered dough , cheese, sauce, water and oil put the ingredients layer by layer onto a printer bed. The printer bed, which gets hot from below, cooks the food as it's being printed.
Since most of the ingredients are powdered, they can be sent into space and stored for many years without going bad. Water makes food go sour, so the food powders are mixed with water and oil only when they are being printed.
"Long-distance space travel requires more than 15 years of shelf life for food." says Anjan Contractor, whose company developing the printer. " We take water out, and in that form, food will last maybe 30 years."
In outer space, there are far fewer choices for astronauts for dinner. Most of their foods--even things like beef or shrimp--are eaten from bags as powders . Scientists hope the new food printer can be used to make more delicious food in outer space, keeping astronauts healthier and happier.
But the printer is not limited to use in outer space. Scientists think it could be useful on Earth, too. It could allow personal meals to be made at the dinner table, according to each person's different needs.
"Let's say someone is an athlete in the family, and he needs more protein ," says Anjan Contractor, founder of Systems and Materials Research Corp, the company developing the printer. "We can design recipes for him and print out more protein-nutritious food for him."
The question is: What is the best title for this passage?     _
The possible answers are:
A:Astronauts' Life in Outer Space
B:Hungry? Just Print!
C:How to Make Pizza
D:Long Lasting FoodDear Linda,
I have been in England three months now, and it's my first time to be here. I hope you don't think I've forgotten you. There have been so many places to see and so many things to do that I've not had much time for writing letters.
I shall soon be starting my studies at King's College. So far I've been learning about England and British ways of living. I won't tell you about London. There are plenty of books you can read and plenty of pictures you can look at. I'm sure you'll be more interested to know what I think about the life here.
I find some of the customs   new and interesting. People here do not shake hands as much as we do in Europe. During the first few weeks I was often surprised because people did not put out their hands when I met them. Men raise their hats to women but not to each other.
Yours
Alice
The question is: She has   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:not written any letters
B:much time to write letters
C:no time to write letters
D:a little time to write lettersIn the 1500s, South American fishermen said that the sea became warmer every few years. They gave this special event a Spanish name 'El Nino', meaning 'the baby'. It is called 'the baby' because it arrives around Christmas.
El Nino is a huge area of warm water in the middle of cold water in the Pacific Ocean. It happens every two to seven years. It moves around the ocean and becomes bigger and smaller at different times. This warm water affects the weather. It is always raining over El Nino. El Nino contains a lot of energy. Scientists think this energy is formed when wind comes from the northern half of the world. The winds blow across warm sea water in the south. When the strong wind hits the warm water, violent weather happens. Scientists think that El Nino existed for many thousands of years.
El Nino affects every person in the world because it affects the entire world's weather. It can bring the rain that farmers need. It can bring storms that destroy homes. It can mean that fishermen cannot catch fish, and it can bring floods. There is nothing we can do about El Nino. It is an event of nature. We can help the world's weather by trying to stop the greenhouse effect and air pollution. The most important job for scientists is to learn how to predict when El Nino is going to bring dangerous weather. Then, people can try to prepare for storms, floods and droughts. New technology like satellite pictures and temperature measuring equipment can help. Still, it is very hard to say when or where El Nino will cause damage.
The question is: We can help the world's weather by  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:finding out more about El Nino
B:being careful during the floods
C:driving cars
D:stopping the greenhouse effectFrom March 12 to 17 of each year, hundreds of clowns get together in the Bonior Regis Town, UK. They all wear tall blue hats and big red noses with colorful faces.
The first International Clown Festival was in 1987, UK. All the clowns from all over the world came together to celebrate the great festival in England.
During the festival, people can see clowns from the world. They are together for the world of clown shows. They try their best to please all the people for the festival. In the shows, they have big feet, funny noses and look really funny. They sing and dance in a strange way to make people laugh. All people for the festival can have great fun. Of course, children like this interesting festival best.
Now women can take part in the clown shows , and they are very popular. But in the old days, only men could be clowns.
There are different kinds of clowns like white faces, red faces, street clowns and clowns for children. All these clowns are popular with people.
The question is: All the clowns get together   _   for the International Clown Festival.
The possible answers are:
A:in London
B:in a small town,UK
C:all over the world
D:around the whole EuropeHello! I'm Jane. I'm thirteen . I have a sister, but  I don't have a brother. I like games. I often   play soccer with her. I have 2 volleyballs. I like ping-pong, too. I play ping-pong with my friends after school. Do you like games ? Do you play sports every day ?
The question is: Jane has   _  volleyballs.
The possible answers are:
A:one
B:two
C:three
D:fourDo you have a lucky number? What is it? Many people have a special number that they hope will bring them good luck.
In Chinese culture, some numbers are believed to be lucky or unlucky based on the Chinese word that the number sounds similar to.
For example, the word for the number 8 sounds similar to the word for "making a fortune ". So, people consider it a very lucky number. Some people will even spend a lot of money to have 8s in their phone numbers or vehicle license plate   numbers. The opening ceremony of the Beijing Olympics began at 8:08 p.m. on August 8, 2008.
The number 9 is also a lucky number because of its connection to the emperors of China. There were nine dragons on emperors' robes   and Chinese myth held that the dragon has nine children. The number 9 also stands for "long lasting". That's why a man always proposes to(---)a woman with 99 or 999 roses.
So what's a "bad luck" number in China? It might be 4. Many Chinese people see 4 as a "bad luck" number because it sounds similar to the character for "death".
Because of this, many buildings skip  the fourth floor, and simply call it the fifth floor. In Hong Kong, some buildings even skip all floors numbered with 4, such as, 4, 14, 24, 34 and all 40-49 floors. Some buildings also skip the 13th floor, as this is considered an unlucky number in many Christian countries. As a result, a building whose highest floor is 50 may have only 35 physical floors.
The question is: From the passage, we know that  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:Many Chinese people don't like the number 4.
B:all people have the same lucky number
C:the number 9 is lucky because it means "wealth"
D:the number 8 is a lucky number for foreignersEven in early time, people could realize the important of dreams and knew that dreams gave meaning to life. Every great achievement has been the result of years of dreaming. If a person has a dream and holds fast to it, he or she will find a way to bring it into reality  .
Children do not have much experience or knowledge. However, they are natural dreamers. We should not laugh at them for being _ . Many great men were dreamers when they were children. One such dreamer was Thomas Edison. He used to be ostracized   when he was in primary school, but his achievements were greater than everyone else's in his time.
Teenagers and young people should also be encouraged to dream. The world is full of successful teenagers and young people. They dreamt big and their dreams changed their lives and even the world. Steve Jobs and Bill Gates are the good examples. They have developed technology and brought great progress to human besides making money for themselves.
Older people should believe that it is never too late to dream and that human mind is never too old to make dreams turn into reality. Colonel Saunders realized his dreams at the age of 67 and set up the biggest fried chicken company (KFC) in the world.
To dream is a wonderful ability which can lead to wonderful results. Olympic records were broken by players who were brave enough to dream. No one is too young or too old to dream and to make dreams come true.
The question is: Young people should be encouraged to dream because   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:their dreams are natural
B:they are greater than everyone else
C:they have much knowledge
D:their dreams might change the worldIf you enjoy reading, don't miss Shakespeare and Company when you visit the city of Paris. It is a famous English-language bookstore on the left bank of the river Seine. The first Shakespeare and Company in history was opened in 1919 by an American, Sylvia Beach. Ms. Beach did more than sell books. Her bookstore was also a library, and she even prepared beds for writers visiting there. Ms. Beach was not only kind to people but also good at choosing books, so her bookstore was often visited by writers like Ernest Hemingway and James Joyce. But in 1941, after the Germans took power in Paris, Ms. Beach was told to close her bookstore.
In 1951, another American, George Whitman, opened in Paris another English-language bookstore, Librairie Mistral. Since then, just as Ms. Beach did, Mr. Whitman has also made his bookstore a library for people to borrow books, and a free hotel for writers to stay in. To remember Ms. Beach, Mr. Whitman changed the name of his bookstore to Shakespeare and Company in 1964, two years after Ms. Beach died.
Next time when you are in Paris, don't forget to visit this friendly bookstore, and see if you can spend a night there!
The question is: When was Shakespeare and Company first opened?
The possible answers are:
A:In 1919.
B:In 1941.
C:In 1951.
D:In 1964.Singing songs is fun, but is it also useful? For learning English pronunciation , Mr. Joe thinks songs are the most useful way to learn. At the same time, you can learn some new words and phrases while singing songs. Mr. Joe has used songs to help himself learn French, Spanish, Japanese and Chinese. You should do the same.
Some words used in songs are not everyday English, so you have to be careful how you use song lyrics when you speak. Most words and sentences are very useful. You don't have to sing songs aloud if you are shy, but after learning a song you should be able to follow the words without looking at the lyrics. When you can do that, you have learned something that you will never forget!
Some good songs to listen to are from the Beatles, John Denver and the Carpenters. Their songs are not too fast and the lyrics are close to normal spoken English. Just for fun, you can try Mr. Joe's favorite singer, B.B. King. His songs are not easy at all! If you can understand even 80% of "Why I Sing the Blues", you are a very _ student.
If you become good at singing English songs, you can try to go to karaoke and sing with your friends. When you are able to sing a song in another language, even if you don't sing so beautifully, you will really impress(......) other people!
The question is: The songs from the Beatles are easy to learn, one of the reasons may be  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:everyone likes the songs
B:John Denver's voice is sweet
C:the lyrics of the songs are beautiful
D:the lyrics are close to normal spoken EnglishI know what you're thinking: pizza? For breakfast? But the truth is that you can have last night's _ in the a. m. if you want to.
I know lots of women who skip   breakfast, and they have a lot of different excuses for doing it. Some say they don't have time. Others think they're "saving" calories, still others just don't like breakfast food.
But the bottom line is that eating in the morning is very important when you're trying to lose weight. "Eating just about anything from 300 to 400 calories would be better than nothing at all," says Katherine Brooking, R, D, who developed the super-easy eating plan for this year's "SELF CHALLENGE". And even pizza can be healthy if it's loaded  with vegetables, and you just eat one small piece.
Breakfast is one meal I never miss, and the same goes for most weight loss success stories. Research shows that eating breakfast keeps you from overeating   later in the day. Researchers at the University of Southern California found that breakfast skippers have a bigger chance of getting weight than those who regularly have a morning meal.
So eat something in the morning, anything. I know plenty of friends who end up having no breakfast altogether, and have just coffee or orange juice. I say, try heating up last night's leftovers -- it may sound crazy, but if it works for you, do it! I find if I tell myself, "You can always eat it tomorrow." I put away the leftovers instead of eating more that night. Try it...you may save yourself some pre-bedtime calories. And watch your body get the fat-burning effects.
The question is: The text is written mainly for those  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:who want to lose weight
B:who go to work early
C:who stay up late
D:who eat before sleepDifferent people have different colors of skin . Some have black skin. Some have yellow skin, and some have white skin. There's a woman in America. Her skin is orange. It's the color of orange juice.
Why does she become  orange ? She eats too many tomatoes , carrots and squashes  . She eats many orange things. That's why she becomes orange.
The woman doesn't want to be orange. She goes to the doctor  . The doctor says, "Don't eat any orange things again! Eat some green things. " The woman does so ,and she isn't orange now.
The question is: The woman's skin is orange because  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:she drinks too much orange
B:she likes to eat orange
C:she likes this color
D:she eats too many orange thingsBlogging has become something of a big thing in the last few years. Just like the Internet was 10 years ago, blogging is popular with an underground culture, that is doing it for love and passion .
Blogging is a way of collecting links  to webpages and sharing thoughts and ideas with people online. Blogs are basically online diaries which are created for sharing information and ideas.
Dominic, a fifth-grade student, writes: "The blogs give us a chance to communicate between ourselves and encourage us to write more. When we publish on our blog, people across the whole world can reply by using the 'comments' link. In this way, they can ask questions or simply tell us what they like. We can then know if people like what we write and this will tell us where we can improve. By reading these comments, we can discover our weaknesses and our strengths. Blogging is a chance to exchange our opinions with the rest of the world rather than just people in our immediate environment."
Blogging is sweeping the Internet. A recent report states that at least three million Americans have created blogs, with similar numbers being seen worldwide.
Two years ago, Andrew Sullivan decided to set up a Web page himself and used "Blogger. com" to publish some daily thoughts to a few hundred readers. He worked hard at the blog for months for no reward. But the result is that he is now reaching almost a quarter of a million readers a month and making a lot of money.
This, at least, is the idea: a publishing revolution  is coming. "Blogger.com"  could be  to words what Napster was to music--except this time, it'll really work.
The question is: According to the passage, about   _   people worldwide have created blogs except
The possible answers are:
A:3 million
B:750,000
C:250,000
D:6 millionOne of the problems career people  have in the morning is dressing for the office when there will be an evening party immediately followed, with no time to return home to change. The easiest solution is to keep a full set of toiletries   and make-ups stored somewhere at the office. A woman going to an evening party should dress in one of her "basic dresses" in the morning--the kind that can change into a different look with an added scarf or jewelry. In fifteen minutes, when her office day has ended, she can metamorphose  herself into another person with freshly cleaned teeth, combed hair, a new face, a different and dressier  pair of shoes, and some sparkling jewelry. If she must wear a long dress for the party, she should bring it to the office in a protective bag and store it safely until she has to put it on.
The question is: What's a problem for the career people from this passage?
The possible answers are:
A:They must wear uniforms at work.
B:They have no dresses to wear.
C:They often have no time to change clothes for an evening party after work.
D:They have to go to the party.The story below is a true story that happened in September.
During the month of September, a dear friend of mine lost her husband suddenly in an accident. The _ was a great shock to everyone.
This accident was sudden and certainly unexpected. It made me realize the fact that you just don't know when a loved one is no longer going to be with you. We sometimes take our loved ones for granted ,and we expect that they will be with us all the time. However, as we all know, life does not work that way and sometimes we get a wake-up call that shocks us and makes us stand back and realize how short life is.
To cheer her up, I tried to imagine if I were in her shoes how I would feel. It was impossible to imagine what she was going through. What words could I say to help her?Sometimes words just can't express our feelings. Sometimes our actions are much more meaningful than words. So I gave her a hug ...
Life is too short, and we should treasure  every day staying with our loved ones.
The question is: To cheer her friend up, the writer   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:gave her some flowers
B:said some words
C:did nothing
D:gave her a hugThis is Jim's room.It's a nice room.There are some pictures on the wall .There's a desk and a chair in his room.There is a sofa and a bookcase,too.The desk is between(......)the bed and the bookcase.His schoolbag and pencil box are on the desk.There are some pencils,a pen and a ruler in the pencil box.Jim's sofa is near the bookcase.His baseball is under the bed.
The question is: Where are Jim's pictures?
The possible answers are:
A:on the desk
B:near the bookcase
C:in the wall
D:on the wallTom's tenth birthday is on this Sunday. His parents give him a birthday party on Saturday. They help him invite   Mike, Simon and two other friends. The party is at Tom's home.
Tom's father buys nice food on the morning of Saturday. Mike brings Tom some interesting books. Simon buys a volleyball for Tom. Others give Tom some CDs. They have lunch at twelve thirty in the afternoon. After lunch, the boys and girls sing and dance happily. The party is over   at four o'clock in the afternoon.
The question is: Tom's parents invite   _   people to Tom's birthday.
The possible answers are:
A:three
B:four
C:five
D:sixPeter is thirteen years old. He is in Grade Two this year. He likes to play football and watch football matches. And he often reads newspapers. He does his best to know when and where there is going to be a football match. Now Peter is having lunch. He is listening to the radio  , too. He is very happy because there is going to be a football match this afternoon. But he has to have English and Chinese lessons. He thinks hard and finds a way."Hello, Mrs. Black,"Peter says to his teacher on the telephone. "Peter is ill in bed. He wants to ask for   half a day's leave  .""Oh, I'm sorry to hear that," says Mrs. Black. "But who is that?""It's my father, Mrs. Black," says Peter.
The question is: Peter wants to ask for half a day's leave because   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:his father is ill in bed
B:he wants to watch the football match
C:he doesn't want to be have English and Chinese lesson
D:he is ill in bedWe use our smart phones to carry out many tasks every day. Many of us have become so _ on them. However, it is bad for our eyes and health to use too much phone.
A study shows that smart phone owners usually start to use their phones early in the morning. They check persona1 emails and Wechat. And before they get out of bed, many people often check the weather, read the news, and send a message or two to friends. After getting up, they often take photos of food, themselves, and even whatever they can see with their phones. They share their photos with their friends. The research finds that users pick up their phones more than l,500 times to do different tasks in an average  week. And the smart phone users are on their phone for three hours and sixteen minutes a day. That is to say, people use their phones for almost one full day each week.
Using phones will take much time and it's also bad for our health. Many people stay up late to play phones,  And mobile phones will influence our sleep. Without using the phones, many people will feel sad. Many owners also find they use their phones without realizing they're doing so.
How do you think people use their phones too much?
The question is: Where can we probably read this text?
The possible answers are:
A:In a newspaper
B:In a travel magazine.
C:In a story book.
D:In a history book.You want to know about my staying in America ,right ? Well ,to tell you the truth ,it is really an eye-opening experience to study here .
In China ,I had English classes five times a week since fifth grade .However ,I didn't know how different textbook English could be from everyday English until I came to Hotchkiss School ,Connecticut .
When I first studied English ,I was told to say ,"I am fine"when people say"How are you ?"But in the US ,I found that people say ,"I am good "or"I'm tired".
One day , someone greeted me with "What's up ?"It made me _ .I thought for a moment and then smiled because I didn't know what to say .
Since then ,I have discovered more and more differences between Chinese  and US cultures .
To my surprise ,US girls spend a lot of time in the burning sun to get a tan .However , in China ,girls try every possible way to get their skin  paler  , or"whiter".
I was also surprised by how hardworking US students are .
In China ,schoolwork is almost everything ,so we study hard and that's it .But here ,a "good "student gets good grades ,does a lot for the public and plays sports or music .
The kids here are so talented  ,I am starting to be sorry that I gave up playing the piano at an early age and that I have never thought about sports .
The question is: Which of the following is NOT true ?
The possible answers are:
A:The writer is now in US .
B:American girls love to have white skin .
C:US students are talented and hard working.
D:The writer regrets  that he gave up playing the piano .Here is a report from Xinghua Daily Newspaper. Computer games are very popular not only with the young people but also the adults. In some ways, they will take the place of  the traditional games such as cards, chess and so on. Because you only need a computer to play computer games. But in the past, if a man wanted to play chess, he must look for another one. In fact, computer games themselves are so interesting and exciting for us. The games can bring you happiness and excitement. They have been used in too many places such as schools, business, hospitals and so on.
Now there are many educational games for the students. They are helpful to the students. They can make the students learn more and better by changing the study ways. When the students play the educational games, they use their brains, eyes, ears and hands. The students will be active to get knowledge while playing. But now the students shouldn't spend too much time on the computer games. Otherwise, it may _ their study.
We have gone into the computer age. And learning too much knowledge through the computer is becoming true.
The question is: Which is TRUE about the computer games according to the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:The computer games aren't interesting.
B:You can't see computer games at school.
C:The computer games can only bring you happiness.
D:You can't spend too much time on computer games.Two people sit down to play Go . One of the players is an old man. He is now 89 years old. He has spent all of his life playing this game. The other person is a young woman. She has been playing Go for only three years. Before this, the woman was an expert at playing computer games. Now she plays Go the same way she played computer games---by becoming a machine herself.
They will play many games, until they know who the winner is. The woman shows no feelings but thinking about all the possible ways of placing her next stone. The old man, on the other hand, looks at the movements of her hands and of her face. This has always helped him to win.
He wins the first three games. She wins the next game, and the man is surprised. He has never lost to a woman. The old man worries about the way the young woman is playing the game. He can't read her face, he does not understand her way of playing.
"The way I think about the game", says the woman, "is that it is steps for getting what I want." Again, the old man is surprised. For him, the game is a way of life itself, and not a model of life. "There is no more beauty any longer. Everything is science and rules. Everything is about winning. Nothing is about playing," he says.
They cannot agree with each other, but it is not necessary. "Change is a necessary part of life", thinks the man. "Playing is as important as winning", thinks the woman.
They start to play their final game.
The question is: According to the passage, the Go games are played by    _    .
The possible answers are:
A:Two Go beginners
B:two Go lovers
C:father and daughter
D:husband and wifeGeorge liked flying a plane. Once he bought a small plane and learned how to fly it. He soon became so good that he could make his plane do all kinds of tricks .
George had a friend. His name was Peter. One day George said to his friend, " Peter, would you like to have a trip in my plane?" Peter thought, " I've traveled in a big plane several times, but I've never been in a small one, so I'll go."
They went up, and George flew around for half an hour and did all kinds of tricks.Peter said in a shaken voice , " Well, George, thank you very much for these two trips in your plane."
George was very surprised and asked, " Two trips? "
"Yes, my first and my last." Answered Peter.
The question is: They were in the plane for   _   minutes.
The possible answers are:
A:forty-five
B:sixty
C:thirty
D:ninetyConfucius was born on September 28,551 BC.Chinese regard Confucius as the greatest thinker and also the greatest teacher.He had about 3,000 students.For more that 2,000 years,Confucius's ideas have been around in people's everyday life.Now they have gone far into east and south Asia.People can still hear them today.
Why are his ideas so popular? Because they help a 1ot in everyday life.Confucius said young people should take care of the old.People should give up thinking of themselves and work for others.As a great teacher,Confucius said all should go to school if they could.
The question is: What do people think of Confucius?
The possible answers are:
A:The greatest leader and teacher.
B:The greatest thinker and teacher.
C:The greatest leader and thinker.
D:The greatest doctor and teacher.Annette Kellerman was born in Australia in 1887.She had polio and could not walk easily.She had to wear metal supports on her legs to stand up on her own.To make her legs stronger,her mother took her for swimming lessons every week.Swimming made her legs so strong that when she was 15 she was able to throw away her supports.
Her family was poor so she got work acting as a mermaid.She wore a long tail and fish swam around her.People paid to come and see her.
In 1900 Annette swam in the Paris Olympics and won two gold medals. The next year she tried to swim across the Channel.She was the first woman to try to do it though she had to stop after swimming for six hours.
In 1915 Annette went to Hollywood and was the star of two films.
The question is: Her mother took her for swimming lessons every week   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:to make her a famous swimmer
B:to make her legs stronger
C:to make her swim faster
D:to make her win gold medalsIt all started when I was two years old. My parents didn't get along and got divorced . I hated that I couldn't see both of my parents at the same time. So my dad, my younger sister, Alexis, and I went to live with my grandma and grandpa. We lived with them for almost six years. My mom, on the other hand, lived with her boyfriend Michael in Oklahoma. My life was really good, but when my mom called to check up on my sister and me, I cried myself to sleep. I missed her so much.
My life at my grandparents' house was really nice. And then on Friday, May 15, 2002, my grandpa died of cancer. I cried for seven days straight. My dad and his new wife were worried about me. So they took me to the doctor and they said that I was too sad and that I needed to find something happy and healthy to do during the day.
I prayed to God every night saying that I was sorry for getting myself sick and I also prayed for him to take care of my grandpa. I still pray to this day. And now, at my mom's house, she has a four-year-old girl, my half-sister, Macie. And I have my step-dad , Michael, there for me. I really like Michael. He's really good to me and my sister. And at my dad's house, I have two little brothers, Blake and Justin. Blake is two years old and Justin is ten months old. I have so much to be thankful for, but I'm still looking for more.
The question is: The writer had to leave her    _    when she was two years old.
The possible answers are:
A:father
B:mother
C:grandpa
D:grandmaMr. Li was in bed and was trying to go to sleep when he heard the bell ring . He turned on the light and looked at his clock. It was half past twelve. "Who can it be at this time of night?" he wondered. He decided to go and find out .So he got out of bed, put on his dressing gown and went to the door. When he opened the door, there was nobody there. "That's very strange." He thought. Then he went back to his bedroom, took off his dressing gown, got back into bed, turned off the light and tried to go to sleep.
A few minutes later he heard the bell ring again. Mr. Li jumped out of bed very quickly and rushed to the door. He opened it, but again he found no one there. He shut the door and found a piece of paper with some words on it: "It is now after midnight, so it is April 1st. April fool to you!"
"Oh, it was the English boy next door!" Mr. Li exclaimed, and almost smiled, He went back to bed and fell asleep immediately. The bell did not ring again.
The question is: Mr. Li was trying to go to sleep when he heard   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:the telephone ring
B:the bell ring
C:someone knock at the door
D:someone shoutIt was a village in India. The people were poor. However, they were not unhappy. After all, their forefathers   had lived in the same way for centuries.
Then one day, some visitors from the city arrived. They told the villagers there were some people elsewhere who liked to eat frogs' legs. However, they did not have enough frogs of their own, and so they wanted to buy frogs from other places.
This seemed like money for nothing. There were millions of frogs in the fields around, and they were no use to the villagers. All they had to do was to catch them. Agreement was reached, and the children were sent to the fields to catch frogs. Every week a truck arrived to collect the catch and hand over the money. For the first time, the people were able to dream of a better future. But the dream didn't last long.
The change was hardly noticed at first, but it seemed as if   the crops  were not doing so well. More worrying was that the children fell ill more often, and there seemed to be more insects around lately.
The villagers decided that they couldn't just wait to see the crops failing and the children getting weak. They would have to use the money they'd just had to buy pesticides   and medicine. Soon there was no money left.
Then the people realized that what was happening. It was the frogs. They hadn't been useless. They had been doing an important job--eating insects. Now with so many frogs killed, soon there were more and more insects. They were doing harm to both crops and people.
Now, the people are still poor. But in the evening they sit in the village square and listen to sounds of insects and frogs. _ .
The question is: What might be the cause of the children's sickness?
The possible answers are:
A:The crops didn't do well.
B:There were too many insects.
C:The visitors brought in disease.
D:The pesticides were overused.Nancy would like to take part in a fancy-dress party  . She had to go to the party with her friends because her husband has been to another city to go on a business trip. Later that night, she was busy in dressing up herself as a ghost, including putting on masks and some special costumes.
After finishing it, she went downstairs to look at herself in the mirror. Suddenly, there was a knock on the front door. She knew that it must be the baker  . She had told him to come straight in if ever she failed to open the door and to leave the bread on the kitchen table. Not wanting to frighten   the poor man, Nancy quickly hid in the storeroom under the stairs.
To her surprise, it was her husband who changed his plan and came back home 2 days earlier. The husband called his wife's name happily and looked for her all around. Nancy was so excited that she ran to her husband without realizing she was a ghost at that moment. But it was too late. Her husband let out a cry and jumped back several steps. Then he lost his sense and lay on the ground.
The question is: Nancy went to the storeroom under the stairs because she  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:wanted to look at herself in the mirror
B:wanted to give her husband a big surprise
C:did not want to make the baker feel scared
D:saw a burglar at home and protected herselfSue and Linda usually go to school by car. They drive past  a hospital, a supermarket and a food shop. The food shop is next to the supermarket.
. Jack and Michael usually go to school by bus. They go past a bank and a post office. The bank is next to the post office.
Mary usually goes to work by bike. She rides a bike past a police office, a park and a swimming pool. The park is between the police office and the swimming pool.
The question is: How does Jack go to school?
The possible answers are:
A:by bike.
B:by bus.
C:by car.
D:by subwayName: Edward Scott    School: Revin Grove State High School
Grade: 7 Term ending: 6 May
Subjects :
Mathematics
He is a little weak in this, but he has tried his best to catch up with others.
Science
He can work out many difficulties.Well done!
French
He is the best in the class.Keep it up.
History
He is not so good at this, but has done better than before.
Geography
He is familiar  with the names of many places in the world.
Music
He doesn't like pop songs, though sings very well.
Conduct: Fair No.in class: 9 Absences: 8
Remarks : Edward has the ability to do a lot better.More work is needed next term.
Class teacher: Ivy
Principal: M.L.Martin
School reopens: 11 September
The question is: Which of the following is NOT mentioned  in the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:PE.
B:Music
C:Mathematics
D:HistoryBecause earthquakes happen without warning, it's important to take steps now to prepare.Because you don't know where you will be when an earthquake happens, prepare some supplies for your home, workplace, and car.
1.Water.
A person need at least 1/2 gallon of water daily just for drinking.Store at least 1 gallon of water per person per day and be prepared for a 72-hour period.It is suggested that you buy bottled water.Keep bottled water in its original container and do not open it until you need to use it.Also, do check the "use by" date.
2.Food.
It's always a practical idea to keep a supply of nonperishable  food on hand.Have an enough supply of canned food, powdered milk, dried fruits, nonsalted nuts and canned juices for at least 72 hours.
3.Flashlights   and spare batteries.
Keep a flashlight beside your bed, at your place of work, and in your car.Do not use matches or candles after an earthquake until you are sure that no gas leaks.
Prepare a battery-powered radio and spare batteries.Most telephones will be out of order, so radios will be your best source of information.
4.Clothes.
If you live in a cold place, you must think about warmth.You might not have heat after an earthquake.Think about your clothing and bedding supplies.
The question is: Why should people prepare themselves for an earthquake?
The possible answers are:
A:Because earthquakes can be known before they happen.
B:Because earthquakes take place without warning.
C:Because earthquakes usually take place in the neighborhood.
D:Because it's people's daily work to prepare the earthquakes.Have you ever seen people building houses? To build a house , you need workers. They use their hands , tools  and machines to put things together. Building the ISS  is the same. The difference is that the workers are astronauts. They walk in space and use robots' arms and hands to do their work.
In the space station ,astronauts are comfortable. The temperature there is about 21degC.But outside the station , it can be too hot or cold for people. In the sunlight, it's about 120degC. In the shadow of the station, it's about -85degC . So when astronauts walk in space , they have to wear heavy clothes---- _ s.
Spacesuits also keep astronauts safe from flying rubbish in space.Each time people go into space , they leave rubbish there. So astronauts should be careful because there's a lot of rubbish, some rubbish goes many times as fast as a plane !
Space walking is not easy , and it can be dangerous. So getting ready for it takes a lot of time to learn. Astronauts will need to do 160 space walks to finish their work in the ISS. That will take about 1,900man-hour of work.
The question is: Which of following is not TRUE according to the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:Spacesuits can keep astronauts warm
B:Spacesuits can keep astronauts safe
C:Flying rubbish in space goes very slowly
D:Outside the station ,it can be too cold or hot for people.Wang Yan, a 15-year-old Chinese girl, likes eating snacks very much. She prefers cream biscuits, McDonald's food, KFC chicken. As a result, she has become overweight.
Today in China, there are many children like Wang Yan. Health experts say that children should have healthy eating habits. First, they must eat regular meals and begin with a healthy breakfast. Second, they should have different kinds of foods, such as fruit, vegetables, grain, eggs, milk and meat. Third, children shouldn't eat too much junk food. It's delicious, but eating it often is bad for their health. If children do as the experts say, they won't become overweight. They will be healthier. Students won't become tired at school, and they will have enough energy to study hard.
The question is: What will be the result if we do as the experts say? We will be   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:overweight.
B:healthier.
C:tired at school
D:confident.News one: As the pace of life in big cities is getting faster, people are looking for more ways to relax. Let's take a look at one way people are reducing stress in Beijing. The game is "Room Escape". "Room Escape" was originally a computer game. In recent years, it has been adapted to a real life game. There are more than 10 places in Beijing where people can play this game.
According to the rules, the players are first taken to a house with several iron doors. They then need to find a way out of the house in one hour. Different houses have different ways of escaping, all of which require players' bold , careful thought, and teamwork.
News two: The Chinese government has published a list of 24 guidelines  on how to take better care of parents. They are a modern update to 24 old stories about respectful children from the Yuan Dynasty.
The guidelines list 24 things to do with parents, including giving them a call every week, teaching them to use the internet, and supporting single parents' remarriage. The guidelines stem from a Yuan Dynasty book, about 24 filial-hearted children who treated their parents very well. It is a value younger generations should never forget.
The question is: What should we not do to our parents?
The possible answers are:
A:Teach them to get online
B:Often talk with them
C:Ask them to marry again
D:Treat them carefullyOne Tuesday morning, Harry saw an ad in a window. It said, "Wanted. The Best Salesman in the World Top Pay." Harry thought he was a great salesman and went to ask for the job." I am the best salesman in the world," he said to the manager, "Give me the job."
"You must prove you're the best," the manager said.
"OK, I will!" Harry answered.
"Good!" The manager took a box of sweets out of his desk." Last week I bought a thousand boxes of sweets. If you can sell them all before the end of the week, you can have the job," said the manager.
"That's easy." Harry said. He took the boxes of sweets and left the office.
Every day and all day, he went from shop to shop, trying to sell the boxes of sweets. He couldn't sell one. The sweets were too bad for him to sell. At the end of the week he went back to the manager. "I'm sorry, sir." He said. "I was wrong about myself. I'm not the best salesman in the world, but I know who is."
"Oh," said the manager. "Who?" "The person who sold you a thousand boxes of these sweets." Harry said.
The question is: According to   the story , which of the following is RIGHT?
The possible answers are:
A:Harry sold some of the sweets.
B:The sweets were too expensive.
C:Harry was not clever at all.
D:The sweets were terrible.Have you ever seen a movie called " The Choir Boys"(<<>> )?The French movie tells the story of a group of naughty boys who learn music from a dedicated  teacher. In Shanghai, there is also a group of children learning music. But their story is a bit different.
The musical group, "Shepherds' Kids" , was founded  by the Shanghai Jiuqian Volunteer Center. There are about 40 students in this group. Their parents are migrants  working in Shanghai.
" The music courses are free," said Zhang Yichao, founder of the group. "We just want to make the children's lives more colorful."
The kids learn singing, dancing and musical instruments. Their teachers are volunteers from high schools.
Learning music is not an easy job, especially for these migrant workers' children.
"I never know the musical stave  before," said Hua Delong, 13. "Sometimes it was really hard to study."
Tang Yue is a volunteer teacher at the center. She is a student from Shanghai Ping'he Bilingual High School.
"These kids face difficulties bravely," said Tang. "Sometimes they have to help their parents do housework and have little time to practice, but I never hear them complain."
Their hard work has paid off . Today many people know the group. They have even performed as a choir for foreign pop stars.
Li Luo, 14, told " Teens" how appreciative she was of the group.
"I had little fun before. I seldom  watched TV. Study seemed the most interesting thing in my life. "Shepherds' Kids has given me a new life."
The question is: In Hua Delong's opinion, learning music is not an easy job because   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:he didn't know the musical stave before
B:he had little fun before
C:the music courses are not free
D:he seldom watched TV beforeTom and his best friend Rob were out of school for the summer. They had been swimming, gone to the movies, played video games, and even built a castle out of some old cardboard boxes. But today they were so bored. "At least we would have something to do." Tom thought for a while and suggested, "Let's make some popcorn and lemonade and sell it outside."
The boys went to the kitchen and asked Tom's mom if she would help them make some lemonade while they popped the popcorn. Tom's mom got the lemons from the refrigerator and also a small amount of sugar. She mixed up the lemonade while the boys started popping the popcorn.
Tom and Rob got a small table from the garage and set it up near the sidewalk. They made a red sign telling everyone that popcorn and lemonade was for sale. The boys sat for about ten minutes before they got their first sale. Mrs. Jenkins, one of their neighbors, was walking her dog. "It's so hot today." "I sure can use a drink," she said. Soon the boys were busy handing out popcorn to Mr. Baker. He was walking down the street sending the mail. "I need a break," he said. "Walking all over the neighborhood gave me an appetite."
The boys had only three popcorn bags left and enough lemonade for three more cups. "Wow, I didn't think the popcorn and lemonade would sell that fast. We made six dollars," said Tom. "If we get bored again before school starts, we can try selling more lemonade with cookies  next time," laughed Rob.
The question is: What did Tom suggest?
The possible answers are:
A:Swimming with their friends.
B:Buying some sugar and cookies.
C:Making some popcorn and lemonade.
D:Going to the movies and playing games.The place of the family computer may turn into a hot argue as your children get older. Whether you have one computer in the house or five, you should think the following things as you make a final decision.
There is a certain number of danger if you allow your children to have a computer with Internet in their rooms with no parental direction. They may share improper information and chat with strangers if they know that no one will be watching.
This does not mean that you cannot allow your children to have a computer in their rooms. Think allowing a computer without Internet. This is especially useful for teens who use the computer for creative projects, playing video games and listening to music. Keep in mind, however, that it is possible that your kids are more skilled at computers than you are and may remove any blocks you have in place.
Computer Use
The way your family computers are used will play a role in deciding where they should be placed. A machine used only for homework will need to be in a quiet place where there is low traffic. One used for chatting online can be in the room where most of the family spend their time. If Mom and Dad use a computer for work, those needs will also have to be thought.
Space
Space must also be considered in computer placement. The computer will need electricity, plenty of desk space and a spot away from this bright light of windows. You will not want it placed in a room where your kids may be noisy.
The question is: What can we learn from the text?
The possible answers are:
A:A child should not be allowed to use a computer.
B:A child should not be allowed to get online.
C:A computer takes up a lot of desk space.
D:Many things decide the place of family computers.Dear Jenny,
How are you? Thanks for your last letter.
I like English and Maths, too. I think they're interesting and useful . Our school is over at 3:40 p. m. every day and I can get home at 4 o'clock, but I don't go home at once .
On Monday afternoon, I have a violin lesson from 4:00 to 5:00. I like sports, and I'm in the school basketball team with our P. E. teacher on Tuesday afternoon. On Wednesday afternoon, I go shopping with my parents. We buy a lot of food and fruits, and I like eating them very much. On Thursday, I often watch TV at home after school. I like Sports World very much
On Saturday we don't have classes. I often sing in an art school. I like singing and I can sing better now. I usually go to the park or have a rest at home on Sunday. I'm busy every day, but I'm very happy because I have fun in my life.
Yours,
Alice
The question is: What does Alice do on Tuesday afternoon?
The possible answers are:
A:She plays basketball at school.
B:She plays the violin at school.
C:She goes shopping with her parents.
D:She watches TV at home.Bookstores are second homes for readers. Although many people can now buy books online. many readers still like the feeling in bookstores. They can touch the books and smell the print.
In China. there are many special bookstores. Sanlian Taofen Bookstore became the first 24-hour bookstore in Beijing at the beginning of April. Popular Holdings in Shanghai is a film-themed bookstore. It has film books and posters. Eslite Bookstore in Taiwan often has activities like talks with famous writers.
At the same time. bookstores outside China can be very colorful. too. Scarthin Books is a small bookstore in the UK. It sells new and second-hand books. There are more than 100.000 books lying on the shelves of the store's 12 rooms. Bart's Books in the US is a good place to enjoy the sunshine while reading books. It's an outdoor bookstore. Bookshelves are on the street. When the store is closed. people can still buy books. They just put money into the door's coin box. Where can you find a cafe. bar and bookstore in just one place? The answer is probably El Pendulo in Mexico. Books line  the walls of the store. On the second floor. visitors can order everyday meals in the cafe and drinks from the bar. In order to keep cool. there are green plants and trees inside. Does it look like a park?
The question is: _   special bookstores inside China are mentioned in the passage.
The possible answers are:
A:2
B:3
C:5
D:6A primary school teacher asked her students to write a composition about what they would like God to do for them. At the end of the day, while marking the compositions, she read one that impressed her deeply. Her husband, who had just walked in, saw her crying and asked her, "What happened?"
She answered, "Read this. It is one of my students' compositions."
"Dear God, tonight I ask you for something very special: Make me into a television. I want to take its place and live like the TV in my house. Have my own special place, and have my family around me. To be taken seriously when I talk. I want to be the centre of attention and be heard without interruption  or questions. I want to receive the same special care that the TV receives even when it is not working. Have the company of my dad when he arrives home from work, even when he is tired. And I want my mom to want me close when she is sad and upset, instead of ignoring  me. And ...I want my brothers to fight to be with me...I want to feel that my family just put everything aside, every now and then, just to spend some time with me. And last but not least, make sure that I can make them all happy and entertain them. God, I don't ask you for much. I just want to live like our TV. "
At that moment the husband said, "My God, poor kid, what horrible parents!" .The teacher looked up at him and said, "That composition is our son's!"
The question is: Which is not right according to the passages?
The possible answers are:
A:TV can entertain them
B:TV can catch the attention of his family.
C:TV can give you answers when you ask question.
D:TV can receive special care from his family.Our new neighbours are the Browns. They have two children, a boy and a girl. The boy is Jack and the girl is Alice. Jack is 11, and he is one year older than me. Alice and my sister Nancy are 8 years old.
At weekends, Nancy and I like to go to play with Alice and Jack. Both Jack and I really enjoy playing computer games. Sometimes the girls join us, but the games they enjoy are different from the ones we like.
There is a big park near our house. Sometimes, when the weather is fine, the four of us will go for bike rides there. We often stop at the huge playground to have some fun. Jack and I like to play basketball, but the girls prefer to sing and dance.
Our families often have dinner together. On some days, they come over to our house and on other days, we go over to theirs. Mr Brown and his wife cook really well.
Nancy and I are very glad to have the Browns next door. It's great to have friends living so near.
The question is: The girls prefer to   _   at the playground in the park.[:Zxxk.Com]
The possible answers are:
A:listen to music
B:play basketball
C:sing and dance
D:play computer games"Memorize   these words." "Learn this spelling rule." "Don't forget about the exam tomorrow." You remember things every day, but how do you do it?
When you want to call a store or an office that you don't call often, you look in the telephone book for the number. You _ the number, and then you forget it! You use your short-term   memory to remember the number. Your short-term memory lasts about half a minute. However, you don't need to look in the telephone book for your best friend's number because you already know it. This information is in your long-term memory. Your long-term memory has everything that you remember through the years. The major reason for forgetting something is because you do not learn it well at the beginning. For example, you meet some new people, and right away you forget their names. You hear the names but you do not learn them, so you forget them.
The question is: Your long-term memory includes   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:only your best friend's telephone number
B:all information you read on the newspaper
C:almost everything that you remember through the years
D:the names of the new people you meet for the first timeA lift is wonderful. It is really only a small room. Rooms usually stay in one place. Lifts travel up and down all day long.
Sometimes a worker stands in the lift. He or she operates it up and down. In modern lifts there is no worker. The people walk in. They know what floor they want. They push a button and the lift goes to that floor. It is all very fast and easy.
Lifts are very important to us. Why? Think about a tall building. Maybe it has twenty floors. Maybe it has fifty or more. Who can walk up all the stairs? Maybe people can climb them one time. Can someone climb thirty floors to an office every day? Can small children walk up to their room on the twenty-fourth floor? Can their mother and father carry food up all those stairs? Of course not.
We can have high buildings because we have lifts. We could not have all the beautiful tall buildings in the world without lifts. They are really wonderful.
The question is: Why do people have to use lifts? Because  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:they have tall buildings
B:they can't walk up and down
C:old people and children need them
D:lifts are wonderfulThe United States is one of the greatest fruit-growing countries in the world. Fine red apples come from Washington and New York. Golden oranges come from Southern California and Florida. Fruit grows in all parts of America. The kind of fruit that is grown depends on the weather in each place.
Orange trees cannot be grown where temperatures drop below freezing. Southern California and Florida are far from each other, but their weather is much the same. They do not often have freezing temperatures.
In Washington, apple trees are planted near the Atlantic Ocean. In New York, they grow near the Great Lakes. Apple trees are often planted near water. Water temperature changes more slowly than land temperature. Near water, temperature does not drop so fast. There is less chance of frost in late spring or early autumn. Frost can kill apples.
America has many kinds of weather. It has many kinds of soil. Because of this, they grow and eat more fruit than any other country in the world.
The question is: Which of the following does this passage make you believe?
The possible answers are:
A:The fruit we eat comes from many places in the country.
B:Orange trees are often planted near water.
C:The soil is about the same in all the states of the country.
D:The Americans like eating oranges and apples better than any other fruit.Teachers' Day is coming soon. Miss Wang is talking to her students and her students are listening to her.
"Good morning, boys and girls!"says Miss Wang,"Teachers' Day is on September l0th. I hear some students are going to buy some presents for your teachers. You want to show your love for your teachers. That is very good, of course. But teachers don't like to get presents from students. So please don't buy any! I think on Teachers' Day, a card from you all is enough . And the best present for our teachers is your good work. "
The question is: The best present for the teacher is    _    .
The possible answers are:
A:the students' good work
B:some beautiful flowers
C:one Teachers' Day card
D:an expensive presentLin Feng is a student of Class One, Grade Seven. He likes basketball very much. He often plays it after school. And he often goes home late. His home is not far from school. And his mother knows _ . So she doesn't worry about him.
One Saturday morning Lin Feng goes to a shop with his mother. The shop is very big. There are many things in it. It sells clothes, food and books. Then his mother says to him, "What do you want?" "I want a red blouse." says Lin Feng. "a red blouse?" asks his mother. "You can't wear a red blouse."
Lin Feng smiled, "OK, please get me basketball clothes."
The question is: What's Lin Feng's favorite sport?
The possible answers are:
A:Basketball.
B:Football.
C:Ping-pong ball.
D:Tennis.In my second year of high school, the class was scheduled to run the mile. when the coach yelled, "Ready. Set. Go!", I rushed out like an airplane, faster than anyone else for the first 20 feet. I made up my mind to finish first. As we came around the first of four laps, there were students all over the track   . By the end of the second lap, many of the students had already stopped. They had given up and were on the ground breathing heavily. As I started the third lap, only a few of my classmates were on the track. By the time I hit the fourth lap, I was alone. Then it hit me that nobody had given up. Instead, everyone had already finished. As I ran that last lap, I cried. And 12 minutes, 42 seconds after starting, I crossed the finishing line. I fell to the ground. I was very upset.
Suddenly my coach ran up to me and picked me up, yelling, "You did it. Mark! You finished, son. You finished" He looked at me straight in the eyes, waving a piece of paper in his hand. It was my goal ( ) for the day which I had forgotten. I had given it to him before class.  He read it aloud to everyone. It simply said, "I, Mark Brown, will finish the mile run tomorrow, come what may." My heart lifted. My tears went away, and I had a smile on my face as if I had eaten a banana. My classmates clapped. It was then I realized winning isn't always finishing first. Sometimes winning is just finishing.
The question is: It took Mark  _  to run the mile.
The possible answers are:
A:about 13 minutes
B:more than 13 minutes
C:only 12 minutes
D:less than 12 minutes(Happy Children's Day!)
Come and see the Indian elephants and the tigers from America. The bears  are waiting to meet you, and the monkeys from Thailand are waiting to throw things at you. The lovely dogs from Australia are waiting to laugh at you, and the giraffes from Zambia are waiting to look down on you.
Tickets:  Adults: Y=60,     Children: free
Time:    June1-June2      9:00 a.m.-----7:00 p. m
Keep the park clean!   Do not touch, give food or go near the animals.
The question is: How many kinds of animals are talked about in the poster ?
The possible answers are:
A:4
B:5
C:6
D:7Jack likes eggs, bananas and apples. So every day, he has two eggs, one apple, a cup of milk and some bread for breakfast. For lunch, he has bananas, some chicken and vegetables. And for dinner, he has tomatoes, French fries and ice cream.
His sister likes dessert, oranges and apples. But she often has some hamburgers, one apple and bread for her breakfast. She likes tomatoes, salad and some fish for lunch. For dinner, she likes strawberries and some chicken.
The question is: What does Jack have for breakfast?
The possible answers are:
A:Some hamburgers, one apple and bread.
B:Bananas, one egg and a cup of milk.
C:Two eggs, one apple and a cup of milk.
D:One apple, two eggs, some bread and a cup of milk.My name is Panrit. I live in Samutprakarn. It is about thirty kilometers south of Bangkok,the capital of Thailand. My house is near a museum and opposite a school.
My house has two floors,two bedrooms and two toilets. We don't have a dining room,so we eat our meals in the living room. There are four people in my family, my mum,my dad,my brother and I. My house doesn't have a garden but we have some plants in pots . We also have some small fish. My mum likes the plants very much. She usually waters and looks after them when she's at home.
I don't usually stay at home. I usually stay at my grandma's home because it is more comfortable. In her home. there is no homework. and all I have to do is to play.
The question is: The best title for the passage should be  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:My Home
B:My Student Life
C:My Parents
D:My GrandmaIf the only sports you do are dancing your fingers across your keyboard, you could be in serious danger of more than just becoming overweight and out of shape.
Do you often feel sleepy, like something is weighing down on your head? Do you feel forgetful? Do you sometimes feel uncomfortable up and down your neck and lower back, and you can't explain why? Do you get sick often? It could be radiation   from your computer causing it. If you spend three hours or more a day in front of a computer (and at this point, who doesn't?), you are more easily harmed by the _ .
We have got so used to using computers that we often neglect   to think of them as dangerous sources of harmful radiation. A safe amount of radiation is 25 V/m (Volts/meter). Do you want to guess how much our personal computers give off?
Keyboard: 1000 V/m
Mouse: 450 V/m
Monitor: 218V/m
CPU: 170V/m
Notebook computers: 2,500 V/m
Ways of Protect Yourself from Harmful Computer Radiation
1. Decorate your desk with cactus   plants, they take in radiation.
2. Drink two to three cups of green tea a day and eat an orange daily. The vitamins in tea leaves and oranges protect us from radiation and keep our eyes healthy as well.
3. Use a screen filter  for your monitor.
4. Avoid having metal objects   nearby on your desk.
5. Put the back of the computer to the wall. Most of the radiation comes off the back.
6. Keep your monitor at least 50cm away from your face.
7. Keep your computer rooms ventilated  .
8. Eat healthily-----especially fruits and vegetables.
9. Don't fall asleep on your computer. Turn it off if you have to rest nearby.
The ways above are useful, why not have a try at once?
The question is: How can you avoid the affects   of radiation?
The possible answers are:
A:Spend less time at your computer.
B:Use plastic to cover your screen.
C:Type in a dark room.
D:Have your cat do your homework for you.Millions of children in the United States go to summer camps. Some go to play outdoors at traditional camps in the woods, in the mountains or on lakes. But families now have many choices of special camps. These can be in the middle of nature or a big city. Special camps offer young people the chance to learn about different subjects: anything from space exploration to business to medicine.
In technology camps, one subject that children can learn about is video game design. They learn how to use computer programs to create games of their own. One program that teaches video game design is called Cybercamps. Children can learn how to design their own virtual  worlds to set their video game in. Then, they program their own rules and objects into the game.
Cybercamps also offers courses in robot building and Web design. A recent story in the Washington Post described how one child made a robot that could sing a song. Another made a robot that could follow a black line drawn on a piece of cardboard. Also, children can learn how to make Web sites. One child made a site for Pokemon, one of his favourite cartoon shows.
The question is: The best title for the passage is    _   .
The possible answers are:
A:Traditional camps
B:Special camps
C:Summer camps
D:Summer holidayDo you hear the name--Rain? Yes, he is a popular star of South Korea. Rain's music teacher gave him that name. His real name is Jung Ji Hoon. The 27-year-old singer is very good at dancing, too. His eyes are bright and his smiles are sunny.
When he was a child. Rain was very quiet. But in Grade Six. Rain surprised all of his classmates. He danced for them. After the excellent dancing, everyone looked at him in a different way.
Rain's Songs sell well. and he acts in a few TV shows. Rain doesn't want to sing forever ."When I stop singing, I'd like to design clothes.Being a designer is my childhood dream."he said.
The question is: Where does Rain come from?
The possible answers are:
A:China
B:Japan.
C:South Korea.
D:AmericaLiu Xu is a student from a middle school in Guangxi. Once he was riding home when a  robber   suddenly jumped out from the roadside. He pulled Liu Xu off his bike and rode away. Liu Xu was scared, but he didn't run after the robber. He found a telephone and called the police at 110.
"Safety is the first important in such a situation," Liu said, remembering what his teacher had told him in his first aid class. "It is not safe to run after an adult who is stronger than you."
Liu's school has compulsory   first aid education. Students must take the class once a week.
Teenage safety has become a serious issue recently. According to a survey, about 16,000 teenagers die in accidents in China every year.
At Liu's school the first aid classes are to "teach students skills how to protect and save  themselves in emergencies  ". Students there often learn by role-playing in first aid classes. For example, one student performed as a stranger knocking at a door. Another one stood inside the door and asked several questions before letting the "stranger" in. Then they changed roles and did it again. They learned a lot while having fun at role-playing.
The topics of the first aid classes are regularly updated  . The students have learned skills for surviving in earthquakes. The teacher also taught the students not to go out at night. If someone tried to do bad things to them, they should quickly run into crowed place.
The question is: Liu Xu's   _   was robbed according to the passage.
The possible answers are:
A:money
B:bike
C:backpack
D:mobile phoneI bought a jasmine plant for my office. When I bought it, I was told it would bloom and the sweet smell would fill my office. I had the plant for two months, and every day I looked at it, but there weren't any flowers or pleasant smell. I was not happy, so I gave the plant to my friend Linda.
One day, another friend Mary called and invited me to her office. When I walked in, her jasmine flowers surprised me. I reached out to touch the flowers. Mary cut some and gave them to me. I couldn't help smelling them. Surrounded by the sweet smell of only a handful of these flowers, I suddenly understood something.
Mary bought her plant the same time I did. It took a year for her jasmine to bloom. I was so impatient for mine to bloom; regretfully, I gave it away.
In a way my life is like the jasmine plant. I need to be patient and let things happen.
Last Sunday Linda told me that she was going abroad the next week. Before she left, she returned the plant to me. This time I am going to wait. I have learned that when we want something in our life, we have to be patient. I am slowly learning to have that patience to wait for my jasmine to bloom.
The question is: Before she gave the jasmine away, the writer had it for.
The possible answers are:
A:one day
B:one year
C:two weeks
D:two monthsSue and Linda usually go to school by car. They drive past  a cinema, a supermarket and a food shop. The food shop is next to the supermarket. Jack and Michael usually go to school by bus. They go past a bank and a post office. The bank is next to the post office. Mary usually goes to work by bike. She rides a bike past a police office, a library and a swimming pool.
The question is: Where does Sue drive past?
The possible answers are:
A:A cinema.
B:A post office.
C:A park.
D:KFCAn interesting experiment is taking place at the Children's Hospital in London. Dogs, cats, and even horses help sick children to get better. Dr. Marcus Finch of the Children's Hospital says,"Children have many problems as they are growing up. When they have problems, it's not easy for them to open up. But when they are with a pet animal, they feel relaxed and always smile. Animals don't speak, so they don't criticize .They listen and don't stop children. Children can talk with animals because they can believe them. Animals know how to keep secret! Also, children feel they are needed  because they help to feed  the animals and look after them."At the Children's Hospital, you can find children playing with cats, dogs, and goats,and riding horses. The doctors just watch them and are surprised at the power of the animals.
The question is: This passage is mainly about   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:Sick children and doctors
B:How to make friends with animals.
C:Sick children don't like doctors.
D:Sick children and animal treatmentNowadays, lots of students in Shenzhen complain that they have too much homework. Because of this, they feel unhappy about learning at school. According to a survey, a pupil has to spend two hours finishing the homework every day. It usually takes three hours for a middle school student and four hours for a high school student to finish the homework every day. Students in Grade Nine often do their homework until midnight. And all of them have to get up at as early as six o'clock the next morning.
Mr. Li, a doctor in a hospital, told me yesterday, "Half of the students in Shenzhen are sub-healthy . The lack   of sleep makes them tired and their health is becoming poorer and poorer." Many parents worry about _ .
The question is: Too much homework makes the students feel   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:unhappy
B:unhealthy
C:tired
D:all of the aboveDick lived in England. One day in January he said to his wife, "I'm going to fly to New York next week because I've got some work there." "Where are you going to stay there?" his wife asked. "I don't know yet." Dick answered. "Please send me your address from there in a telegram  ." His wife said. "All right," Dick answered.
He flew to New York on January 31stand found a nice hotel in the center of the city. He put his things in his room and then he sent his wife a telegram. He put the address of his hotel in it.
In the evening he didn't have any work, so he went to a cinema. He came out at nine o'clock and said, "Now I'm going back to my hotel and have a nice dinner."
He found a taxi and the driver said, "Where do you want to go?" But Dick didn't remember the name and address of his hotel.
"Which hotel are my things in?" he said, "And what am I going to do tonight?" But the driver of the taxi did not know. So Dick got out and went into a post office. There he sent his wife another telegram, and in it he wrote, "Please send me my address to this post office."
,,.
The question is: Where did Dick stay in New York?
The possible answers are:
A:In a post office.
B:In a hotel.
C:In a restaurant.
D:At his friend's house.Luke Dollar is a scientist. He has spent many years in Madagascar studying lemurs  . Here is an interview with him.
Reporter: What were you like as a kid?
Luke: As a kid, I was an explorer  . I lived with my grandparents on a farm in Alabama. I spent a lot of time outdoors. It was a lot of fun and I enjoyed that. From the time I was 6 to 16 years old I was an actor. My mom asked me to audition   for a show in Birmingham. I asked my mom to buy me some video games and she agreed, so I went for it and finally got the part. Later, I became a professional actor. For many years I went all over the US performing on different stages.
Reporter: How did you start to study lemurs?
Luke: When I was on the farm, I was really a wild child and came to love wild things. I did a lot of photography   in high school. I became a photographer and did photography for the local paper. Then I became a student of Duke University. At Duke University there is a center -- Lemur Center. I got a job there as a work-study student and met lemurs there for the first time. In 1994, I had a chance to go to Madagascar and decided to study lemurs there.
The question is: Luke decided to audition for the show because   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:he was really interested in it
B:he wanted to help his friend
C:his mother allowed him to go to the farm
D:his mother agreed to buy him some video gamesYao Ming, the center of the Chinese National Men's Basketball Team, served the Huston Rockets in NBA.The 2.26 m, 120 kg center  becomes the first one to come from a foreign team.
Yao Ming was born in Shanghai in September, 1980.His mother was a center and captain of the Chinese National Women's Team.His father played basketball, too.
Yao Ming is widely known in China.He came to be a very important basketball player in China Basketball Association  .It's short for CBA.During the 2000~2001 season, he did very well.He got 27.1 scores for the Shanghai Oriental   Sharks in every match.
Yao Ming joined the Houston Rockets in November, 2002.He said this was a new start in his basketball life.He would do his best to learn from the NBA and improve himself.
Sport analyst   Bill Walton said, "Yao Ming has the potential  , the capability  of changing the future of basketball."
The question is: Sport analyst Bill Walton thought Yao Ming was able to   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:learn from the NBA
B:change the future of basketball
C:improve himself
D:becoming an AmericanDavid is a twelve-year-old boy. He is tall and strong with short blond   hair. He likes sports and reading. Every week David gets ten dollars from his parents. This money is his weekly   pocket money. It's not a present. David must work for the family to get the money.
On Monday, David must sweep the floor and walk the dog after he finishes   his homework. On Tuesday, David must take out the rubbish   bags in the morning and clean the garden after school. On Wednesday, he should wash the dishes and clean the kitchen after dinner. On Thursday, he helps his mother do some cooking. Sometimes he has to go to the supermarket to buy some food and drinks. On Friday, he should water (...... ) the flowers in the garden after school. On Saturday and Sunday, David doesn't need to do the housework, so he goes to the cinema with his classmates or does some shopping in the shopping mall.
David wants to buy a new football, but he doesn't have enough money. He is looking forward to   getting more pocket money.
The question is: Which of the following is TRUE according to the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:David makes money by sending letters.
B:David never cooks food for his family.
C:David wants to have more money to buy a football.
D:David always goes shopping after school.In many English homes people eat four meals a day: breakfast, lunch, tea and dinner. People have breakfast at any time from seven to nine in the morning. They eat porridge, eggs or bread, English people drink tea or coffee  at breakfast.
Lunch comes at one o'clock. Afternoon tea is from four to five in the afternoon and dinner is at about half past seven. First they have soup, and then they have meat or fish with vegetables. After that they eat some other things, like bananas, apples or oranges. But not all English people eat like that. Some of them have their dinner in the middle of the day. Their meals are breakfast, dinner, tea and supper and all these meals are very simple.  
.
The question is: Many English people eat  _  meals a day..
The possible answers are:
A:two
B:three
C:four
D:fiveGabriel Garcia Marquez , who was awarded the Nobel Prize for Literature in 1982, passed away at the age of 86 on April 17, 2014. The world paused  to remember the cultural giant.
Garcia Marquez was born in Colombia, but he spent most of his adult life in Mexico City. As one of the most famous writers, he was widely regarded as "a giant of 20th- century literature." Garcia Marquez wrote in a style called " magical realism ." In such works, people live a daily life in a certain period of time in history. But meanwhile , magical things happen to them.
Garcia Marquez is best known for his 1967 novel, One hundred years of Solitude (<<>> ), which has sold about 50 million copies. It tells the tale of the small and _ town of Macondo which was separated from the outside world- of its founding and its troubled history over a hundred years. The story is a metaphor for the development of Colombia since the 19 century. As Colombian President Juan Manuel Santons said, Garcia Marquez wrote about "the essence  of the Latin American beings."
The question is: Garcia Marquez was born in   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:1914
B:1928
C:1967
D:1982A beautiful and very successful actress was the star for a new musical show. Her home was in the country, but she didn't want to go back there every night, so she bought an expensive house in the center of the city, got some beautiful furniture and got a man to paint the rooms in new colour.
It was very difficult to get tickets for her show in the evening, because everyone wanted to see it. So she decided to give the painter two of the best seats. She hoped that this would make him work better for her. He took the tickets without saying anything, and she heard no more about them until the end of month, when she got the painter's bill. At the bottom of it were these words: "Four hours from 5:00 p.m. to 9:00 p.m. watching Miss Hall sing and dance: 3 pounds," with this note: "Before 5:00 p.m. I get 10 shillings  an hour and after 5:00 p.m. 15 shillings."
The question is: In order to make the painter work better for her, the actress  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:gave him two tickets for her show
B:sang and danced for four hours
C:decided to give him 3 pounds
D:invited him for a big dinner6 June, Saturday
I read an article about people living in e-age yesterday. It talks about different ways of communicating like chatting on line, sending e-mails, sending different kinds of messages and keeping an online diary.
The article says that people nowadays send e-mails at least once a day. I don't agree with this because I send e-mail only twice a week. However, I do check my e-mail once a day. I like receiving e-mails.
About chatting online, the article says that chatting on line is becoming more and more popular among teenagers. I think this is true. Whenever I arrive at home, I turn on my computer and log on  to chat online with my friends. I prefer chatting online to calling a friend, because I can chat with many friends at the same time.
But I like using mobile phones. When I do not have my computer with me I can send short massages to my friends. I also like keeping in touch with them in this way.
I keep an online diary four times a week. I like telling others what has happened to me.
I think I am one of the people living in the e-age. I can live without computers or mobile phones.
What about you? Can you live without computers or mobile phones?
Posted 6:15 pm
The question is: The passage is about   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:using computers
B:sending messages
C:living in the e-age
D:online diariesJeff Corwin is a scientist and writer. He does these jobs with one life goal help save animals and their habitats. His latest book, 100 Heartbeats:  The Race to Save Earth's Most Endangered Species. Is a collection of stories about animals on the edge of _ . Corwin recently talked to a reporter.
Reporter: How would you describe your job?
Corwin: My job is to travel around, look at animals and tell their stories.
Reporter : When did you know this is what your wanted to do?
Corwin:  I knew that when I was 6 years old. My dad was a police officer, and we lived in the city. I really enjoyed the time when I could go to the quiet countryside. One day I saw my very first wild snake and I knew that's what I would do for the rest of my life. I didn't know if I would be a teacher or a zookeeper, but I knew I would have a life connected with nature.
Reporter: Why did you write the book?
Corwin: We are losing species very fast. _ If we make big changes, we may have the chance to save what remains.
Reporter: Is it true that humans are the reason that many of these animals are in danger?
Corwin: Human beings have a powerful effect on every other living thing. It's important to make that effect a positive one.
,.
The question is: Jeff is a   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:teacher
B:zookeeper
C:writer
D:policeAll schools have their own rules. The rules change from one school to another. Some schools are much stricter than others. There are also some rules that are strange or funny to us. Here are some funny school rules:
Strict Japanese rules
Most schools ask students to wear uniforms, such as sports suits or skirts. But Japanese schools even have rules about the colour of underwear ! They also require  that girls' socks should be folded  in a certain way and boys' heads should be shaved .
Other Japanese schools tell students that they can't go to the movies after sunset.
Different shoes in the USA
At some American schools, students have to change their shoes when they go into the schools every day. This makes sure students won't fall over on the floors and keeps the schools clean.
No strange hair in the UK
Strange hairstyles are not allowed in some British schools. But they might allow students to wear certain hairstyles during the World Cup years. There were two students who had special hairstyles during the 2002 World Cup. After the World Cup, their teachers asked them to go to the barber's  at once.
The question is: What's the best title of the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:Different school uniforms
B:Different hairstyles
C:Different shoes
D:Different school rulesWhat would you do if you had an accident in your daily life?
It is important for you to get some knowledge about first aid in your daily life. If a person has an accident, he / she needs medical care before a doctor can be found. When you give first aid, you must know three things:
First, when a person stops breathing  , open his / her mouth to see if there is food in his / her mouth. Second, if a person cannot breathe, try to start his / her breathing at once, using a mouth-to-mouth way. Third, if a person is hurt badly, try to stop the bleeding   at once. And then take him / her to a doctor, because if a person loses one third of his / her blood, he / she may be in great danger.
Many accidents may happen at home, and everyone should know some first aid to deal with common injuries. When a person _ by an animal, wash the wound with cold running water before he / she is taken to see a doctor. When a person is burnt, wash and cool the area of the skin under the cold tap for a while, then put a piece of dry clean cloth over the burn. If a person is badly burnt, take him / her to the doctor. If a person cuts his / her finger, clean it and put a piece of clean paper round the cut.
In the future we should learn more about first aid and try to spread   it.
The question is: Which can be the BEST title for the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:How to give first aid
B:How to stop the bleeding
C:How to deal with different cuts
D:How to deal with common injuriesMore and more Chinese people care for their own health. I come from England. I came to China five years ago. I began to learn cooking Chinese food from my father. When I was fifteen, I began to help my mother in the kitchen. My father is a very famous cook in Beijing. So he taught me many things about cooking. In the past three years, I never stopped learning cooking. When I saw a book called The disease eating out can be gone back again by eating (<<>> ), I began studying the book. .The writer of the book is Zhang Wuben. He said he was a famous nutritionist  and well-known traditional Chinese doctor. He asked the people to eat eggplant  and gram  . In China, Zhang Wuben's book has been popular in the past few years.
My father was invited to talk about the book in May, 2010. A large number of Chinese people believe they should eat eggplant and gram to be healthy. I have visited a lot of Chinese restaurants in Beijing and studied hundreds of restaurant menus.  I talked to lots of doctors about eating and nutrition  . They thought that Zhang Wuben's words _ the science. He told a lie. The fact is that it's important for us to eat a balanced diet and not just to eat eggplant and gram.
The question is: If you want to keep healthy, you should   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:believe Zhang Wuben's words
B:eat a balanced diet
C:eat more eggplant and gram
D:eat in Chinese restaurants"Millions of young people will lose their hearing in five years if they listen to MP3 or MP4 players at a too high voice every day," scientists say recently.
Do you often listen to MP3 players at a too high voice? Are you frightened to hear this?
The sizes of MP3 players are very small, but small MP3 players make it easy to take hundreds of songs with you. So many young people carry them and listen to music every day. MP3 players are very popular among students.
The scientists say teenagers should be far from high volume  , including mobile phones' noise. A study says, "High volume and long listening time can cause hearing problems." They think if young people listen at more than 89 decibels   every day, they will lose their hearing in five years. A scientist said, "So many young people often use personal music players and mobile phones at a high voice. I am afraid that _ may be losing their hearing.
So let's turn our MP3 players down!
The question is: Which might be the best title for this passage?
The possible answers are:
A:Turn your MP3 players down!
B:Never use MP3!
C:How to protect your hearing.
D:Young people's hearing.There was a bookseller .He did not like to pay for anything.One day a big box of books fell on his foot.
"Go to the doctor," said his wife,"and show that foot to him."
"No,"he said,"I'll wait until the doctor comes to our shop next time.Then I'll ask him about my foot.If I go to see him,I will have to pay."
The next day the doctor came to the shop to buy some books.The bookseller told the doctor about his bad foot.The doctor looked at it and promised to help.He took out a piece of paper and wrote something on it."Buy this medicine and put it on the foot before you go to bed every night,"he said.
"Thank you,"said the bookseller,"And now,sir,here are your books."
"How much?" asked the doctor.
"Two pounds."" Oh,good,"said the doctor."I won't have to pay you anything today."
"Why?" asked the bookseller.
"I look over your foot.I will not pay two pounds for that.If people come to my house,l ask them to pay only one pound for a small thing like that.But when I go to their house,I usually charge two pounds.And I came here today,didn't I? Bye--bye!"
The question is: Which of the following is right?
The possible answers are:
A:The bookseller liked to pay everything.
B:The bookseller's wife didn't want him to go to the doctor.
C:The doctor was cleverer than the bookseller.
D:The doctor didn't go to the shop to buy anything.A father isn't happy with his only son. He doesn't think his son is clever.
One day, the father gives his son a task. He says, here is a coin. Go to buy one thing. That must be something to eat, something to drink, and something to plant.
"What can I buy with one coin? It is too hard!" Then a girl finds the boy is not happy and comes up to him. "Can I help you? " The boy tells her that hard task. "I know what you can do, " she says. "Go and buy a watermelon with this coin. " It will give you everything your father wants." The boy thanks the girl and then runs to buy a watermelon.
When the father sees the watermelon, he is very happy. "Good Job!" "In fact, that's not my idea. A girl helps me", says the boy. The father then says, " _ is more important than cleverness."
,.
The question is: _   helps the boy.
The possible answers are:
A:A girl
B:An old man
C:A friend
D:A teacherStephen used to work in a company. Unfortunately  , he got serious heart disease . He couldn't work for a long time. Thinking he could still do something for others, he decided to be a volunteer at a Children's Hospital. Stephen loved children very much. With his love, he did his job well. Sometimes he lost his children. They died. At that time, he would tell these sad parents that he would soon be with their children in heaven   and he would take care of them. His words seemed to help those parents.
There was a girl who could not walk because of a disease. She couldn't do anything and she was very sad. What was worse, the doctors said that they could do little for her. Stephen decided to try to help her. He started visiting her, bringing paints, brushes and paper. He put the brush in his mouth and began to draw. He didn't use his hands at all. Only his head would move. He always told her that she could do anything she wanted.
At last she began to draw with her mouth. She and Stephen became friends. By and by, the little girl was getting better and better. She was allowed to leave the hospital. One day. to Stephen's great surprise, she walked to see him on her own feet! She gave him a picture she had drawn. At the top, it read: "Thank you for helping me walk. It's all because of your love."
Love can sometimes be more powerful than doctors and medicines. Love makes our world more beautiful and colorful.
Stephen died a few days after the girl gave him the picture.
The question is: Why did Stephen only move his head when he was drawing a picture?
The possible answers are:
A:Because he wanted to show how well he could draw.
B:Because he could only move his head.
C:Because the little girl liked him to do so.
D:Because he wanted to show the girl everything was possible.A small man goes to the cinema. He buys a ticket  and goes in. But after two or three minutes he comes out. He buys a second ticket and goes in again. After a few minutes he comes out again and buys a third ticket. Two or three minutes after that he comes out a third time and asks for another ticket. But the girl says to him, "Why are you buying all these? Are you meeting friends in the cinema all the time?" "No, I'm not doing that." the small man says, "But a big woman always stops me at the door and tears(  ) my tickets up."
The question is: When the small man comes out a third time, he  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:cries
B:asks for another ticket
C:drinks coffee
D:sings and dances.While many women are busy with planning their bridal showers  , a baby shower usually comes as a complete surprise. A baby shower is a party where a pregnant   woman is "showered" with gifts and good wishes. A baby shower is usually given by a close female friend or a relative of the mother-to-be. Sometimes co-workers of a pregnant person will also hold a baby shower for her.
The baby shower is usually given when the mother-to-be is between 6 and 9 months pregnant. _ the date of a baby's birth isn't always exact. Sometimes a baby shower can also happen after the baby is born. A baby shower can be held in someone's home or outside, like in a restaurant or a catering hall. Traditionally only women are invited to a baby shower. However, more and more baby showers are also including the father-to-be.
Like a bridal shower, a mother-to-be will register   a wish list of things she wants at one or several stores. This list usually includes things the mother wants for her baby like clothes, diapers and even furniture. This way friends and family members can go to the stores and buy something from the list. Registering helps make sure that there aren't repeat items, like 30 bottles when a new mom only needed 15.
At a baby shower, people can give cards with wishes for the new baby and mom. Most of these cards also include money or gift cards to help the mom-to-be buy whatever else she needs for the baby. Sometimes there are games as well. In one game everyone guesses the date of the baby. Another game lets people taste baby food and guess the flavor.
The question is: Who was only invited to a baby shower traditionally?
The possible answers are:
A:Men.
B:Children.
C:Women.
D:Pregnant women.Hello! My name is Bill. I am twelve years old. I am from America. Now I am in a junior high school in Xiamen.
We have 20 boys and 25 girls in our class. My favorite teacher is Miss White. She is from Canada. She is 27 years old. She is tall. She has long brown hair. Her face is round and she has big eyes. She is a good teacher. She can speak English and Chinese.
I have a good friend here. His name is Mike. He is an English boy. We have the same age. My classmates are kind to me. We often help each other.
,A, B, C, D. (5)
The question is: Bill is in   _   now.
The possible answers are:
A:America
B:China
C:England
D:CanadaRecently, an Internet game has become a new fashion among young office workers and students. People can "farm" on a piece of "land" and "grow", "sell" or even "steal vegetables", "flowers" and "fruits" on the Net. They can earn some e-money and buy more "seeds", "pets" and even "houses".
Joyce interviewed some young people. Here are their opinions:
Harold: I don't quite understand why they are so mad about the childish game. Maybe they are just not confident enough to face the real world.
Allan: I enjoy putting some "bugs" in my friends' gardens and we've become closer because of the game. Having fun together is the most exciting thing about it.
Laura: You know, people in the city are longing for the life in the countryside. It reduces my work pressure . Besides, it gives me the exciting experience of being a "thief".
Ivy: Well, it's just a waste of time. Teenagers playing the game spend so many hours on it that they can not focus on  their study.
The question is: Which is NOT the reason why people like the game?
The possible answers are:
A:They are longing for country life.
B:They can have fun with friends.
C:The game can relax people and give them a new experience.
D:They are confident enough to face the real world.Do you get angry when your friends sing loudly while you are trying to work or when your best friend does not wait for you after school?
If you do,you need to take control of your feelings.Getting angry with others can cause you to 1ose friends.
Gary Egeberg,an American high school teacher,has written _ to help you control your feelings.It tells how to stay cool when bad things happen.
The book says that getting angry only makes problems worse.It can never make them better.
"Getting angry is not a natural way to act,"the book says.It is just a bad habit,like smoking.
The book says you can control your anger easily-all you have to do is to tell yourself not to be angry.
The book gives many tips to help you if you get angry easily.Here are the top three.
Keep a record.Every time you get angry,write down why you are angry.Look at it later and you will see you get angry too easily.
Ask your friends to stop talking to you when you get angry.This will teach you not to be angry.
Do something different.When you get angry,walk away from the problem and go somewhere else.Try to laugh.
The question is: Which is the best title of the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:How to make more friends.
B:How to keep cool when angry.
C:What to write about anger.
D:When to stop getting angry.In 1955, Walt Disney himself opened the first Disney Park in Los Angeles, the USA. Later Disney World was opened in Florida in 1971. It cost between $500 and $600 million to build. Tokyo Disney Park opened in Japan in 1983, and Europe Disney opened in France in 1992.
Now Hong Kong is going to build a Disney Park and it will be open in 2005.
More than 80% of Hong Kong's population would like to visit the Disney Park when it is opened. But about half of them thought the adult admission fee  , of between HK $250 to HK $300 (US $32 to US $38), was too high. The children's admission fee is not known yet. But children may not mind paying any entrance fee. "If I start saving money now, I'll have enough money to pay the entrance fee in five years' time." Said Chan Posang, a 12-year-old girl. " I can't take my son to the Disney Park in the USA." Said Mrs Yu, mother of a small boy, "That's why I agree with the government's plan to build one here. There I'll be able to take my son there. The admission fee of several hundred dollars is nothing compared with (......)the price of an air ticket to the USA."
The question is: What do the Hong Kong people think about the plan?
The possible answers are:
A:Most of them agree with it.
B:Half of them don't agree with it.
C:Few of them agree with it.
D:Only children like it.Americans think a great deal about time. From childhood they learn to value time. As children, they are taught to be on time to go to school, to do work and to do everything. When they are having a good time, they say that time flies. When a person is dying, they say he is living on borrowed time. Time is money. Time is knowledge. Time is everything in America. A working America has to work hard for 8 hours a day or 40 hours a week. This is the working time. In his free time, he also works hard for more money. Even Saturday and Sunday are filled with activities. In the street you can hardly see a man who walks slowly. They walk very fast. In fact, they are running. They love time because time brings them money, comforts and progress. But sometimes they also hate time, for they feel they have become servants of the clock.
The question is: Which of the following is NOT TRUE?
The possible answers are:
A:The Americans usually value time.
B:The Americans are often on time.
C:All Americans love time and don't hate time.
D:Sometimes the Americans hate time.Do you have free time? Would you like to be with an old man? I need such  a man to look after  my father. He's 78 years old, but he's healthy. If you want to get the job, you need to work for four hours every day from Monday to Friday, 1:00 P.M. to 5:00 P.M. And on weekends, you need to work for only two hours, 1:00 P.M. to 3:00 P.M. Your pay  is 5 dollars an hour.
Here are the things you will do:
*Read books and newspapers  to him
*Talk with him if he wants to
*Walk outside  with him
*Buy things for him
Address: Bridge Street, Nanjing
Telephone: 2756-3358 (ask for Mr. Green)
Tom White needs a job. After he reads the advertisement  , he calls Mr. Green and gets the job.
The question is: Tom will get  _  for working on Monday only.
The possible answers are:
A:$15
B:$20
C:$25
D:$30The best thing about going to school is learning how to read. Books are great friends. They can help you to learn about anything you want to know. They can go anywhere with you. You can read about animals, faraway places, people, and anything else.
Books are written by people called authors . Authors think of things they want to write about. They make a plan for a book and start to write .Some authors write books that give us information and teach us things. Authors are very important people because they help us learn. Find a good book to read and read every day ,You will enjoy your time with a good book.
The question is: What is the best part about going to school?
The possible answers are:
A:Playing.
B:Having lunch.
C:Learning to read.
D:Seeing friends.I arrived in the UK last weekend to learn English. So far I have already made a few friends and had some traditional English food there. But after having three days of hamburgers, sandwiches and potatoes, I thought none could be more delicious than Chinese food, especially my favorite --huo guo. You can't imagine how excited I was when I got to know that there was going to be a free meal of hotpot to welcome the new students. On the way to the canteen, I seemed to smell huo guo in the air.
To my surprise, when I stepped into the room, I didn't see any sign of huo guo. Where was it?
With many questions in my head, I sat down to have the free meal. After talking with an English girl, I got to know that Chinese huo guo is completely different from hotpot. Chinese huo guo is written in two words-hot pot; and hotpot, one word, is a traditional English dish.
Hotpot is made from mutton and onion. On the top are pieces of potatoes. People put it in the oven all day in a heavy pot on a low heat. It takes very little effort to prepare. You can often see it at parties in the UK because it's easy to prepare for a large number of people and is not expensive.
Hotpot doesn't taste bad. However, I still miss huo guo-hot pot, two words!
The question is: Hotpot is often prepared for parties because it is  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:very p opular
B:quite expensive
C:easy to prepare
D:good for healthMost people at some time or another have dreamed of being a popular kid at school. Being popular in middle school is much easier than it sounds. Just follow a few steps and finally see what it feels like to be a popular kid.
First, why do you want to be popular? Ask yourself if your desire  for being popular comes from looking down on yourself or an unlucky situation. If it does, then work first on your self-confidence.
Be friendly to everyone, even people that other people think are _ or different. If you are strange or different, realize that everyone is strange in their own way. Take part in school activities and make yourself more visible( ) to the school population.
Find a talent or special skill that you have. Whether your skill is telling jokes, drawing, singing or playing soccer, show your skill in right way.
Volunteer to help with classroom or school activities that will help you leave a good impression  on teachers. Develop a personal style that you feel goes well with your personality.
Be yourself and have fun. Keep your strong sense and personality. Join school clubs, sporting teams and student government to show yourself as someone who makes a difference at your school .
The question is: Which of the following is NOT mentioned by the writer?
The possible answers are:
A:Be nice to other people at school.
B:Find something that you are good at.
C:Make your teachers know you're a good student.
D:Make friends with some students who are popular.Many years ago, there lived an old man with his three sons, Dharma, Harrison and Keith, in a village. The man worked hard when he was young, son he had the largest farmyard and the most beautiful house in the village. However, his sons were all born to be lazy, which mad him disappointed. He was worried that his sons would use up his money and starve to death.
One day, the old man came up with a plan. He called his sons and said to them, "Look, my dear sons: in the land we have at the farmyard, there is lots of hidden gold. If you should work together, you may find it"
In a wish to find out the gold, his sons worked hard from the morning to the evening digging and digging all through the land. The days had passed, but they didn't find what were they were looking for. They got frustrated and angry. They decided to give up and returned to ask their father.
"There is no gold in the land. We are cheated."
"Since the land has been dup soft. Why don't you pant some crops there?" was the reply of the father to the sons.
Off went the sons. Soon the whole once-useless land was rich crops.
"This if the real gold, my sons." Said the now proud father.
The question is: What do we know about the old man?
The possible answers are:
A:He was the richest in his village.
B:He was unable to feed his family.
C:He loved daughters more than sons.
D:He was quite successful as a farmer.Some people like to get up early, but some do not. In fact, it is really good for us to get up early every day. Maybe those who don't like getting up early will not believe this, but it is true. Scientists made a survey in about one thousand people, and then they found that early rising  people had less disease  than late rising people, and early rising people also look healthier than late rising people, and so on.
So we may know early rising is helpful in more than one way. First, it helps to keep us healthy. We all need fresh  air. But air is never so fresh as early in the morning. Besides, it is useful to do morning exercises.
Secondly, early rising helps us in our studies. In the morning we learn more quickly and find it easier to understand what we learn.
Thirdly, early rising can give us a plan of our work for the day. We cannot work well without a good plan.
Fourthly; early rising gives us enough time to get ready for our work, such as to wash our hands and faces and eat our breakfast.
Late risers may find it difficult to form the habit  of early rising. They have to make an effort  to do so. As the English proverb says, "Early to bed and early to rise makes a man healthy, wealthy  and wise. "
The question is: Early rising people are  _  than late rising people.
The possible answers are:
A:fatter
B:thinner
C:healthier
D:ClevererIs there intelligent   life on other planets? For years, scientists said "no." or "we don't know." But today this is changing. Seth Shostak and Alexandra Barnett are astronomers . They believe intelligent life exists   somewhere in the universe. They also think we sill soon contact these beings(;).
Why do Shostak and Barnett think intelligent life exists on other planets? The first reason is time. Scientists believe the universe is about 12 billion years old. "This is long enough for other planets to have intelligent life," say Shostak and Barnett. The second reason is size--the universe is huge. "Tools like the Hubble Telescope  have shown that there are at least 100 billion galaxies," says Shostak. "And our galaxy, the Milky Way, has at least 100 billion stars. Some planets going around these stars might be similar to Earth."
In the past, it was hard to look for signs of intelligent life in the universe. But now, powerful telescopes  allow scientists to discover smaller planets--the size of Mars or Earth--in other solar systems. These planets might have intelligent life.
Have beings from space already visited Earth? "Probably not," says Shostak. "It's a long way away. However, intelligent beings may contact us in other way, such as radio signals . In fact, they may be trying to communicate with us now, but we don't have the right tools to receive their messages. However, this is changing. By 2025, we could make contact with other life forms  in our universe and we might help each other."
The question is: Why was it hard to look for signs of intelligent life in the universe in the past?
The possible answers are:
A:There were not any smaller planets.
B:There were not any powerful telescopes.
C:The astronomers were not interested in them.
D:The Milky Way didn't exist at that time,Become a volunteer and help those who need your help in your community ! Volunteer work includes helping the poor, helping the families whose houses were destroyed by national disasters or creating green spaces for neighborhood families. Whichever service activity you choose, you have the "power of one" to make a difference and create a real change in the community!
Our holiday volunteer jobs are open to all Americans. You don't need any special skills to join and there are no age limits . With Biosphere Expedition  , you can be a wildlife and environmental volunteer for anywhere from two weeks to two months.  You'll work with local scientists, and the leaders from Biosphere Expedition will be by your side.
We need students at the age of 16 and up who study at school and want a chance to use their talents, skills and knowledge to help the little kids. Most of them have enough patience and are warm-hearted. Join the Volunteer Service Center today! Volunteers are the greatest people in the world. Let's work together to make the world a better place.
The question is: What is the best title for this passage?
The possible answers are:
A:Volunteers Wanted.
B:A Job Interview.
C:An Expedition Club.
D:Education Service.These days many students like to make friends online. Most of them think it's interesting to know an unknown person through the Internet. So, many students like to use computers to talk with those friends. And they spend too much time on it. Some of them can not do well in their school work. Their parents often don't think the children are as good as before. So many teachers and parents are worried about their children.
In fact, only very few of them can get real good friends in this way. Most of them were _ by those unseen friends. And some of the students did wrong things online. It's terrible for students to use too much time to make friends and talk online.
So we should be careful of making friends online and should not spend too much time on it.  We'd better pay more attention to study. We will be really happy when we do well in school and at home.
The question is: Many teachers and parents are worried about their children because   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:the students don't work so hard as before
B:the students spend too much time chatting with online friends
C:the students think lessons are less interesting than before
D:all of aboveJohn is a good boy. He studies hard and is never late for school. He has a lot of friends. And he often helps them and they like him. But he always thinks himself the cleverest  in his class and looks down upon others.
This term a new student, Fred, comes to his class. He's thin and short and never talks with the boys. So no children know him well. And John laugh at him.But he doesn't mind  it at all.
One day John goes to Mike's birthday party. He sings, dance and show all his talents  to the children. After that he says to Fred, "What are you going to show us, my friend?"
"I'm not clever," says Fred."Can you guess some of my riddles ?"
"Certainly, I can,"says John.
Fred tells some riddles, but John can't guess any.At last the boy says,"Now I'll tell the easiest riddle. Listen to me carefully. You'll guess it this time. An animal has two heads, six legs, a long nose and a short nose. Can you tell me what it is?"
John thinks hard and hard, but can't guess it. His face turn red and says,"What's it?"
"It's a man riding an elephant!"
John doesn't say anything any longer at the party.
The question is: John often laugh at Fred because   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:the boy is thin
B:the boy is short
C:he doesn't think the boy is clever
D:the boy isn't friendly to himTired of visiting places of historic interest around the world? Then how about a holiday in space?
Recently, Russia has announced plans for a hotel in space. The dream of staying in space will soon come true.
The space hotel will open in2016. Experienced guides will go with tourists together. The food will be prepared on Earth and sent up on the rocket. When tourists want to eat, the food can be heated again in microwave ovens .One can have tea, water and fruit juices in the space hotel, but alcohol will not be allowed. Toilets will use flowing air instead of water to move waste, and waste water will be recycled. The hotel will be"far more comfortable"than the International Space Station(ISS,)used by astronauts. It will house seven guests in four cabins. Tourists there can enjoy the views of the Earth through huge windows. They may also meet unexpected  guests such as astronauts from the ISS, if those astronauts get in trouble.
But it's not easy to get to the hotel. It will take two days to send tourists there and a five-day stay will cost you 100,000 dollars.
The question is: How many cabins are there in the space hotel ?   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:seven
B:eleven
C:four
D:one hundredAfter two weeks, Ling Qinghao finally sent a message to his wife in their hometown in Anhui, and told her her he was safe.
Ling, 44, was a Chinese construction worker who went to Libya. The recent problems in Libya have left the country in disorder. Several Chinese were injured last month.
Ling was one of the thousands of Chinese evacuees   from Libya. The evacuee's first stop was Greece. They are staying there in a five-star hotel that the Chinese government paid for. According to the Foreign Ministry, by March 2, China has evacuated   a total of 35,860 Chinese from Libya. Among them, 20745 have already returned to China.
To evacuate means to quickly move people away from a disaster or disorder. An evacuation tests how a nation would deal with an emergency  . From getting flight tickets to dealing with customs services , many parts of the government and companies have to work together.
To protect the safety of overseas Chinese, China took action quickly. Since February 24, the nation has sent out airplanes and ships to evacuate its people from Libya.They even sent a navy ship to help. This is the first time that China has sent the army in an evacuation.
"We have done a great job in no more than 10 days. This shows China's ability to protect its people overseas in emergencies," Vice Foreign Minister Song Tao said.
The question is: Why did China take actions quickly to evacuate the Chinese in Libya?
The possible answers are:
A:To make more money.
B:To bring them back to China to construct more buildings.
C:To protect them from the dangerous situation.
D:To show our motherland's great power.Life are always full of stress   these days. How do you usually deal with   your stress? Do you know doing housework is helpful in dealing with stress? In fact, doing something like washing dirty clothes may really make people relaxed.
"Doing some housework such as washing windows or ironing   clothes is a good way to face our stress without taking any medicine," says Carol Clark, a successful psychologist   in New York. She often advises people who are under lots of stress to try doing housework every day. "While washing something," she says, "you can imagine  you're washing away some trouble in your life."
Do people all agree with her idea? Here are some ideas about it.
"Housework is the main reason for the stress in my life," says Linda in France. "Get me out of doing the housework and then I'll really be relaxed."
Gary is a single   father. "So, a man pays a psychologist $200 an hour for his problem about stress. However, he is just told to go back home and do some housework. I really don't know who is crazier, the psychologist or the man!
The question is: Which of the following could be the best title   of the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:Work and Life
B:The Reason for Stress
C:Housework and Stress
D:A Successful PsychologistIn the middle of a really embarrassing moment, you might feel like you just want to disappear. Maybe you wish for a time machine that could send you back five minutes. Well, time machines are hard to come by in the real world, so finding a better way of getting through the humiliation  is needed.
Sometimes, embarrassment is caused by how we act after we make an unwanted thing. If the thing is a small one, you can just pretend it didn't happen, and many people won't notice. On the other hand, if you stop, or get red in the face after you've messed up, people will really notice, and it will be hard to let the moment pass by. Of course, some embarrassing moments are too big or obvious for this plan to work.
Sometimes when you meet or get caught in a really cringe-worthy  moment, it doesn't seem funny. Other people may laugh, but you just get red in the face and feel like curling up in a ball of shame. But there are some people who can laugh at their own mistakes. When they mess up, they laugh harder than their friends do! People like _ don't stay embarrassed for long, because this can turn into another funny story. They might even make a joke about their mistake before anyone else gets the chance to.
You shouldn't pretend a laugh if you really feel angry or embarrassed, but changing your attitude or outlook might be worth trying. Remember that a thing that makes you embarrassed today will probably make you laugh tomorrow. So why not try to laugh today?
,.
The question is: If a small thing happens to you, what should you do?
The possible answers are:
A:Stop and quarrel with others.
B:Do as it didn't happen.
C:Get in the red face.
D:Do the same thing to others.Dear Lily,
Welcome to our school for a visit. I am very glad to tell you how to get to our school. Here is the _ . When you walk out of the station, please turn left, walk on and pass a crossing. You should walk on till the first traffic light and turn right. Then you will find a park on your left side. Walk along the street and pass the park. Then you will see a bank. Across from the bank is a narrow lane .Just go into the lane and walk about 100 meters, and you are sure to get to our school gate, at which the board reads No.1 Middle School in both Chinese and English.
Yours,
Li Ming
The question is: Where is the bank?
The possible answers are:
A:Across from a narrow lane.
B:In front of a narrow lane.
C:Near a school.
D:Between a school and a park.Staying healthy at work isn't  always easy.With all your co-workers sneezing around you,it seems impossible.Find out how to avoid the germs  with these tips
Wash your hands often.
You should wash your hands every time after you use the restroom,before you eat, after you sneeze or cough.Also,keep a bottle of hand sanitizer at your desk.
Eat balanced meals every day--including breakfast!
Many people don't eat breakfast because it takes too long to eat in the morning.It has been proven that the people who eat breakfast are healthier and more likely to remain a  healthy weight.
Drink at least 8 glasses of water a day.
Sodas and coffee may help you stay awake, but _ will also lead to dehydration .So you also need to be sure to drink water.Just keep a water bottle with you all the time,drink throughout the day and you will probably get what you need.
Take frequent breaks throughout the day.
When you feel tired,get up and walk around for a few minutes.Taking breaks and keeping your body in shape will help you feel better and make you more productive.
Use your vacations.
It seems that there is never a good time to be away from the office,but the people who do not take vacations are more likely to be sick. Taking vacations is a good way to relieve stress. So even if it is just a short weekend,use it and don't take your work with you.
Give up smoking.
It is common that smoking is bad for your health.Smokers get sick much easily than non-smokers.
The question is: Which of the following is NOT true?
The possible answers are:
A:The people who eat breakfast are healthier.
B:Smoking is bad for your health.
C:If you drink sodas and coffee,you will not need to drink water.
D:Taking breaks and keeping your body in shape will help you feel better.The worker I hired to repair my house had just finished a difficult first day on the job. A broken wheel made him an hour late; his ladder( )fell down when he was painting the roof and now his old truck wouldn't start. With each problem he shouted angrily more at himself than at his things. As I drove him home, the man didn't say a word.
I tried talking to the man to kill time. I managed to find out that he had come up from Blue Hills in Victoria with his family six months ago to find a job. This was his first job since moving here. I now knew why his price was lower than any other worker I could find in the local newspaper. He really needed the job. His clothes told me as much.
On arriving, much to my surprise, he invited me to meet his family. As we walked through his front garden he suddenly stopped at a small tree and placed his hands on it. Then , when he opened the door he completely changed. Instead of his troubled face, there was now a warm smile, hugs for his two children and a kiss for his wife.
The following day, I asked him about the tree.
"That's my trouble tree," he answered. "Work troubles aren't welcome at home with my wife and children. So I hang them on that tree every night when I come home. Then in the morning I pick them up again."
"And you know what else?" he said smiling, "The next morning I find that there aren't as many as I remember hanging up the night before."
The question is: Why did the worker touch the tree ?
The possible answers are:
A:To get good luck.
B:To leave his trouble outside.
C:To send good wishes to his family.
D:To clean his hands.On a Friday night, a poor young violinist was playing his violin at the entrance of the subway station. The music was so great that people put some money into his hat.
The next day, the violinist came to the entrance again. He put down his hat as usual. Beside the hat was a piece of paper with some words on it: "A George Sang has put an important thing into my hat by mistake. Welcome to claim it."After a while a man named George Sang ran here quickly and got back his important thing.
The important thing was a lottery ticket .Sang bought it and won a prize of $500,000. But when he gave$50 to the violinist for his wonderful music, he threw the lottery ticket, too. The violinist was a college student. That morning, he was going to Vienna for his education. However, when he found the ticket, he _ the flight and returned to the entrance.
He said, "Although I don't have much money, I live happily. If I lose honesty , I won't be happy forever."
The question is: George Sang put  _   into the violinist's hat on a Friday night.
The possible answers are:
A:money
B:a lottery ticket
C:money and his lottery ticket
D:nothingAre you learning English and do you need help with grammar? Do you want to learn new vocabulary or slang  ? Well, you can find help online with these top 5 free English as a Second Language websites.
Dave's ESL Cafe
This is a complete website that can help you learn and practice English. You can read many stories and do a lot of exercises to test your self. You c an also post questions and answers onto the help center.
About.com
You can get free English courses from About.com and you'll get regular e-mails that will help you learn English.
The Classroom by Voice of America
You can watch videos and listen to news stories to improve your listening and vocabulary skills. You can also hear English words and their meanings.
Heinle's Newbury House Dictionary of American English
Do you need to find the definition of a word? Use this online dictionary to find simple and clear definitions, as well as example sentences and idioms  . You can also find different cultural facts.
Perso nal English Portal   on YouTube
You can watch this series of videos on YouTube to develop your listening skills. You can also do a search for "learn English" on YouTube to find other videos. This is a good way to practice English and have fun.
The question is: If you want to do English exercises and test yourself, you can go to  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:About.com
B:YouTube
C:Dave's ESL Cafe
D:the Classroom by Voice of AmericaWhen you feel sad, tears will come down from your eyes. When you are happy, especially when you laugh hard, tears will also come down from your eyes. But tears have a more important job than showing your feelings.
Tears keep your eyes clean and healthy. They wash away dirt and germs  just like bath. Your eyes also need tears to keep them wet. And eyes must be wet so that they can move smoothly. Your eyes are busy looking here and there all day long. They move quickly from one thing to another. If you didn't have tears, your eyes couldn't move, and soon you would be blind.
Maybe you don't like tears, but your eyes can't do without them.
The question is: If your eyes were not wet, you could not   _   .
The possible answers are:
A:look at things clearly
B:laugh and cry
C:keep clean
D:show your feelingsThere are also two big elephants and a baby. Children like to ride on one of them. The elephants are very kind and friendly. They eat much grass and bananas.
In the zoo, we can see different kinds of bears, brown bears, black bears and white bears. They are all slow and clumsy  . They stand on their back legs and lift   their front legs to ask for food . They like cakes very much.
Do you like pandas? There's only one in the zoo . Her name is LIngling. She is very cute. She likes eating bamboo  a lot . She is kind of shy. She's very interesting.
The question is: The bears in the zoo are   _   .
The possible answers are:
A:black
B:brown
C:white
D:A, Band CMichael Jackson's sudden death really astonished  his fans, but soon they are glad to find another younger "King of Pop" has appeared.
Wang Yiming, who is known as Xiao Bao, has already been popular across the world with his wonderful dance moves. He once appeared on U.S. television show "Ellen" and performed successfully at the World Expo 2010.     About seven years ago, Xiao Bao was born prematurely , which made his mother really worried. He was so weak. What could he do? Doctors suggested that moving his body to music would help make him strong, but soon his parents were surprised by how quickly Xiao Bao fell in love with music!
"When he was young, we just started playing music to him and he started moving around like this. But we didn't think that he had such a strong feeling for music. When he was just several months old, we would let him listen to music and he would stop crying and calm down at once," the proud mother once said.
So far, Xiao Bao has learned the moonwalk and other Jackson's moves well. His fans are crazy about his wonderful shows. He has drawn more people's attention. He is fast becoming internationally popular.
There are lots of problems waiting for him, but Xiao Bao will never give up. He is serious about his dancing career . Where there is a will, there is a way. We are sure that Xiao Bao's dream will come true one day.
The question is: Xiao Bao has been famous for   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:his young age
B:his dance moves
C:his television shows
D:his strong bodyMany teenagers feel that the most important people in their life are their friends. They believe that their family don't know them as well as their friends do. In large families ,it is quite often for brothers and sisters to fight ,and then they can only go to their friends for some ideas.
It's very important for teenagers to have one good friend or a group of friends. Even when they are not with their friends, they usually spend much time on the phone. This communication   is very important in children's growing up, because friends can be the right one to talk about something with .These things are difficult to say to the family.
However, parents often try to choose their children's friends for them. Some parents even ask their children not to meet their good friends.
The question is: According to the passage ,which of the sentence is RIGHT?
The possible answers are:
A:Parents should choose everything they like.
B:Children should choose everything they like.
C:Parents should understand their children better.
D:Teenagers should only go to their friends for help.Medical experts  say most Americans do not get enough sleep. They say more Americans need to take a nap--that is to rest for a short time in the middle of the day. They give people advice to sleep lightly before continuing with other activities.The experts say naps might improve health by reducing pressure .
Some western companies have supported the idea of napping for many years. They ask people to leave work, go home and have a nap before returning. In the United States, some companies let workers rest simply in their offices. They believe this can help workers make fewer mistakes and also increase   the amount of work that a person can do.
Sleep experts say it is likely that people make more mistakes at work than at other times. They say people should not carry out important tasks when they feel sleepy. And they say the best thing to do is to take a nap. About twenty minutes of rest is all you need. Experts say this provides extra energy and can increase your effects until the end of the day. But experts said that a nap should last    no more than twenty to thirty minutes. A longer nap will put the body into deep sleep and waking up will be difficult.
The question is: The best title of the passage is   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:taking a nap during the day
B:the advantages of deep sleep
C:the disadvantages of taking a nap
D:Americans who don't have a napHello! My name is Jane. I usually get up at seven o'clock and then have a cup of coffee and some bread for breakfast. After breakfast, I take a shower  and then I go to work by bus. I get to work at nine o'clock. I work till  one o'clock and then I have my lunch. I start again at two o'clock and finish at five o'clock. I do some shopping before I go home. I get home at about a quarter to six. I have supper at about seven o'clock. After super, I sometimes go out for a walk, but I usually just stay at home and watch TV. I go to bed before eleven o'clock.
The question is: Jane usually has breakfast   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:at seven
B:before seven
C:at eight
D:after sevenEveryone has a dream. Some are good dreams. Some are bad dreams. Here are some kids talking about their dreams they had last night.
Lucy: In my dream, I saw my favorite band EXO singing a wonderful song. One of the main singer Lu Han wore special clothes and sang songs only for me. The songs were so beautiful that it touched my heart. I hope I didn't wake up this morning.
Kelly: Last night I dreamed I was an astronaut. I flew a rocket around the earth. The sky was so blue and the white clouds were here and there. I felt I was like a bird. I even sang a song because I was so happy.
John: I had a really bad dream last night. I invited lots of friends to my home to celebrate Thanksgiving Day. All the preparations were ready. Turkey was in the oven. Other food was on the table. Guests were happy and ready to enjoy the meal. However, someone shouted "Oh, my God!" All the guests disappeared  . I didn't know what happened. I was scared so much.
Emma: I dreamed I became a pediatrician.. I could be a doctor for all small kids. It was really wonderful. I tried my best and saved many kids. Parents came to thank me. How happy I was!
The question is: In   _   dream, Lu Han sang a song.
The possible answers are:
A:Lucy's
B:Kelly's
C:John's
D:Jack'sIt is Jim's birthday today. He is five years old. He gets many nice birthday presents from his family and one of them is a big drum .
"Who gives him the drum?" his father asks.
"His grandfather does." answers Jim's mother.
Jim likes his drum very much. He makes a noise with it, but his mother doesn't say anything about it. His father is not at home. He is working in a school. So he doesn't hear the noise.
But one of the neighbors doesn't like the noise at all. So one morning she takes a knife and goes into Jim's room. Jim is making a noise with the drum. She says to him, "Hello, Jim. Do you know there is something very nice in your drum? Here's a knife. Open the drum and let's find it."
The question is: Jim's father is  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:a worker
B:a teacher
C:a cleaner
D:a shop assistantDo you still get free plastic bags from the supermarkets? Things have changed.
China has banned free plastic bags in  shops and supermarkets,and people have to pay for using plastic bags. The rule started on June 1st. It came because our country tried to make less litter. Making super-thin plastic bags has also been banned.
The Chinese once used about 3,000,000,000 plastic shopping bags a day,and they have caused pollution of the environment. The bags have become a main cause of plastic pollution because they are easy to break and people throw them away here and there. So the Chinese people are encouraged to bring their own bags for shop ping.
What kind of shopping bag is the best to bring? Some students in Chongqing have a good idea. They make their own shopping bags. They use old clothes to make cloth bags,and send them to their parents as presents. They also ask their parents and friends to use cloth bags instead of plastic ones. They think it is their duty to protect the environment.
,.
The question is: The Chinese people are encouraged to bring  _  for shopping.
The possible answers are:
A:no bags
B:free plastic bags
C:their own bags
D:super-thin plastic bagsWe drink tea every day. But more than three hundred years ago most of the people in Europe   did not know anything about tea. Some people heard about it, but very few of them know what to do with it.
There is a story about an English sailor   who went to countries in the east, the west and the south. He went to India and China. One day he came home and brought some tea as a present for his mother. She told her friends about the present and asked them to a "tea party". When her friends came to the "tea party", the old woman gave them brown tea-leaves. The old woman's friends began to eat them. Of course, nobody liked the tea-leaves.
At that time the sailor came in. He looked at the table and said, "Mother,what did you do with the tea?"
"I boiled it,as you said."
"And what did you do with the water?"
"I threw it away ,of course." answered the old woman.
"Now you may throw away the leaves,too," said her son.
The question is: What mistake  did the old woman make? She   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:boiled the tea
B:did as the sailor said
C:threw away the water
D:didn't throw away the tea-leavesAt London College, the boys can go to the city in the afternoon. But they must return to the school before six. And Bob doesn't often obey the rule. One afternoon, Bob walked to the city and went to the cinema. When he got to the school, it was eight o'clock. He was a little worried. He ran quickly to the gate. It was closed. He went round the school building to another door. That one was closed, too. Then he saw an open window on the ground floor. It was the head teacher's office. Bob looked into the room, and no one was there. He quickly climbed up and jumped into the room. Just then he heard a voice. He looked around and hid under the sofa. One minute later, Mr. Scott, the head teacher, came in. He turned on the light  and sat down on the sofa. Then he began to read. Bob lay under the sofa and looked at the head teacher's feet for an hour. He could not move. At last the head teacher stood up and walked towards the door. "Thank goodness, he didn't find me under the sofa." thought Bob. Then the head teacher stopped. He turned his head and spoke to the sofa, "Would you mind turning off the light when you leave?" he said and left the office.
The question is: Bob could see Mr. Scott's   _   .
The possible answers are:
A:hand
B:bag
C:feet
D:booksI have tried many ways to be ill. I don't wear a sweater when I should, and two days ago I walked in the rain without my shoes. But so far nothing has happened. Debbie once told me about a boy in her class who liked being away from school. He would rub   the end of the thermometer   until it went up to 39degC. Then he'd put it in his mouth and his mother would think he was really ill.
This morning I tried doing that but it never went above 35degC and I rubbed it for ten minutes. So I held the thermometer next to the light on my desk and it went up to 40degC. I thought I'd put it in my mouth and walk downstairs like that. Then my mother would take it out and she would be worried when she saw that I was rather ill.
The only trouble was I didn't know the thermometer would be so hot. As soon as I put it into my mouth, it burnt my tongue! I spit the thermometer out. It fell on the floor but it didn't break.
I will have to think of a better way to get my mother and father back together.
The question is: Why did the writer walk in the rain without her shoes two days ago?
The possible answers are:
A:Because she had no money to buy a pair of shoes.
B:Because she thought it interesting to walk without shoes.
C:Because she was ill and forgot to put on her shoes when she left home.
D:Because she hoped she could be ill in this way.A professor told his students to go into the city slum  to study the life of 200 boys.He asked them to write reports about each boy's life and future.Every one of the students wrote,"He doesn't have any hope."
Twenty-five years later.another professor read about the earlier study.He told his students to find out what had happened to these boys.Of the 200 boys,20 had moved away or died.Nobody knew what had happened to them.They tried very hard and found the other 180 people.Among them 176 had become successful as doctors,teachers and scientists.
The professor was very surprised and decided to study it further.Luckily,all the men were living near the place and he was able to ask each one,"What made you successful?" Each one answered with feeling."There was a teacher."
The teacher was still living there,so the professor found her and asked the old woman what she had used to pull those out of the slums,and change them into successful people.
The teacher's eyes began to shine and she said with a sweet smile,"It's really very easy.I loved those boys."
The question is: What changed the boys' life?
The possible answers are:
A:The professor's study
B:The teacher's love
C:Their parents
D:The slumsMr and Mrs Smith have just opened a small restaurant. In order to attract customers, they put a notice in front of the restaurant, which said: "Meals on the house for three days."
A foreign student who didn't know much English passed by the restaurant on the second day. It was lunchtime and he felt hungry. "Well, here is a restaurant. I'm going to have something to eat," he said.
He saw the notice when he walked towards the restaurant. "American people are really strange. They even eat dinners on the house! But how can I get onto the top of the house?" he asked himself
He looked around and found a ladder against a tree nearby. He was very glad. But as he reached the top, he heard someone shouting at him, "Hey, what are you doing up there?" Mr Smith was looking at him angrily. Beside him was a policeman.
'Doesn't your notice say 'Meals on the house for three days'? Is it just a joke?" the foreign student answered.
On hearing this, both Mr Smith and the policeman burst into laughter.
Do you know the meaning of on the house"?
The question is: "On the house" may mean that the meal
The possible answers are:
A:is taken on the house
B:is paid on the house .
C:is made on the house
D:is free for the customers;We all need to exercise. Doctors say it is good for us. It makes your heart and body strong. It also gives you more energy. And you will feel better yourself. It's best to exercise twice a week. Twenty minutes each time is enough.
There are many ways to exercise. You can walk, run, play sports, or swim. Many people go to special places to exercise. They are called "fitness centers". These places have a lot of equitment. Some people buy equitment for their homes. But it is very expensive.
Exercising can be fun. Friends can exercise together at fithess center. Or they can play sports together, how do you exercise?
The question is: Which of these sentences about exercising is true?
The possible answers are:
A:Exercising is expensive.
B:Exercising good for heart.
C:Only doctors exercise.
D:Friends never exercise together.Teenagers who turn off the TV and sit down to family meals are less likely to suffer eating disorders .
A study has connected eating together with lower rates of bulimia  and anorexia . Teens used to eating around the table are less likely to take up smoking to lose weight.
Researcher Barbara said, "The common belief is that teens don't want to be around their parents very much, and that teens are just too busy to have regular meals with the family."
The study shows happy families have teenagers who eat with their parents often. These teens have less bad diet or dangerous eating habits.
"Parents may not be able to get their family together around the table seven days a week, but if they can prepare three family meals a week, this will have a big impact on the health of teens," Professor Fiese spoke out after reviewing 17 studies on eating ways and nutrition  of almost 200,000 children and teenagers.
She found that teens who eat at least five meals a week with their families are 35% less likely to be "disordered eaters".
The definition  of disordered eating is eating too much, or eating at wrong times too often or eating very little and smoking to lose weight.
Even three family meals a week helped, with youngsters 12% less likely to be overweight than those who ate with their family less often.
Teens can also use family meals as a time to _ . They were also 24% more likely to eat healthy foods and have healthy eating habits than those who didn't share three meals with their family.
Professor Fiese said, "Family meals give them a place where they can go regularly to check in with their parents and express themselves freely."
In the past American research found children who miss out on family meals are much more likely to fight at school, drink and take drugs .
,.
The question is: Who of the following is NOT "disordered eaters"?
The possible answers are:
A:Peter often eats out with his friends at night.
B:Lily has three meals with her parents at home.
C:Mary is losing weight, so she eats little every meal.
D:Tom is very strong and he eats too much every meal.Jack is an English boy. He is a good student. He is eleven. Now he is in a blue coat. Linda is Jack's sister. She is a nice girl. She is fourteen. Now she is in a green dress. Lucy and Lily are from the USA. They are students, too. They are in yellow coats. They look the same. Jack, Linda, Lucy and Lily are good friends. Jack, Lucy and Lily are in the same school. But Linda is not in the school. They all like China.
,.
The question is: Linda is   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:Lucy's sister
B:Lily's sister
C:Jack's sister
D:Jack's momSeveral years ago, a television reporter was talking to three of the most important people in America. One was a very rich banker, another owned one of the largest companies in the world, and the third owned many buildings in the center of New York.
The reporter was talking to them about being important. "How do we know if someone is really important?" the reporter asked the banker. The banker thought for a few moments and then said," I think anybody who is invited to the Whiter House to meet the President of the United States is really important. "
The reporter then turned to the owner of the very large company. "Do you agree with that?" she asked. The man shook his head, "No. I think the President invites a lot of people to the White House. You'd only be important if while you were visiting the President, there was a telephone call from the president of another country, and the President of the US said he was too busy to answer it. "
The reporter turned to the third man. "Do you think so?" "No, I don't." he said. "I don't think that makes the visitor important. That makes the President important. " "Then what would make the visitor important?" the reporter and the other two men asked.
"Oh, I think if the visitor to the White House was talking to the President and the phone rang, and the President picked up the receiver, listened and then said, "It's for you."
The question is: The banker thought   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:he was really important because he was a rich banker
B:the visitor to the White House was really important
C:the visitor who met the President of the United States
D:the reporter was really importantIn the 1500s, South American fishermen said that the sea became warmer every few years. They gave this special event a Spanish name 'El Nino', meaning 'the baby'. It is called 'the baby' because it arrives around Christmas.
El Nino is a huge area of warm water in the middle of cold water in the Pacific Ocean. It happens every two to seven years. It moves around the ocean and becomes bigger and smaller at different times. This warm water affects the weather. It is always raining over El Nino. El Nino contains a lot of energy. Scientists think this energy is formed when wind comes from the northern half of the world. The winds blow across warm sea water in the south. When the strong wind hits the warm water, violent weather happens. Scientists think that El Nino existed for many thousands of years.
El Nino affects every person in the world because it affects the entire world's weather. It can bring the rain that farmers need. It can bring storms that destroy homes. It can mean that fishermen cannot catch fish, and it can bring floods. There is nothing we can do about El Nino. It is an event of nature. We can help the world's weather by trying to stop the greenhouse effect and air pollution. The most important job for scientists is to learn how to predict when El Nino is going to bring dangerous weather. Then, people can try to prepare for storms, floods and droughts. New technology like satellite pictures and temperature measuring equipment can help. Still, it is very hard to say when or where El Nino will cause damage.
The question is: It happens   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:every year
B:every month
C:every seven years
D:every two to seven years.British people are famous for drinking tea. But brother and sister, Sarah and Bobby Green, became young millionaires when they opened a chain of American-style coffee shops in the UK.
Having the idea: It started when Sarah took a weekend trip to New York to visit her brother Bobby. One evening, in a Thai restaurant, Sarah told Bobby how much she wished she could buy American-style coffee in London. Bobby suggested they started their own coffee shop. Sarah fell in love with the idea.
Doing the Research: Back in London, she spent a whole day on the London subway, getting off the train at different stations to taste the coffee. "It was terrible, and I knew there was a gap   in the market." In 1995, they opened their first Coffee Republic shop in central London.
Making it work: The first year was very difficult. British people were not used to the names of American coffees, like latte and macchiato. But being successful was their dream and they were not going to give up. Today, there are over 100 Coffee Republic shops all over the country and the company has PS30 million a year.
Advice for others: Sarah has now written a best-selling book about their experience, calledAnyone Can Do It ! She hopes it will help other young people to start their own businesses. She says, "If you think you have the energy, then get out and follow your dream."
The question is: What kind of company do they run?
The possible answers are:
A:A fast-food restaurant.
B:A tea shop.
C:A coffee shop.
D:A big hotel.Lina is a Chinese tennis star. She plays tennis well. She plays tennis every day. She has some tennis rackets and tennis balls. She has lots of healthy food. For breakfast, she has eggs and milk. She usually plays tennis for three hours in the moming. Then she has a big lunch-carrots, rice, fish and meat. After that she plays tennis for two hours in the afternoon.For dinner, she has chicken, apples and soup. After dinner, she watches tennis on TV for half hour. She has a busy life.
The question is: She is  _
The possible answers are:
A:free
B:unhealthy
C:healthy .
D:boringAn Englishman was showing a foreign visitor around London. "What's that strange building?" asked the visitor. "That's the Tower of London." "I see. How long did it take to build it?" "About 500 years." "In my country we can build it in five months," Shortly after that they came to St. Paul's Cathedral . "Very interesting!" said the visitor. "How long did it take to build it ?" "Near forty years." said the Englishman. "In my country we can finish it in forty days at most," said the visitor. This went on all day.
They visited most of the best known buildings in the city. Every time they saw a new one, the visitor asked what it was and how long it took to build it. Then he said that they could do the same thing much faster in his country.
At last the Englishman got angry with the visitor though he tried not to show it. Several days later they came to the House of Parliament and the visitor asked his usual question, "What is that?" The Englishman answered, " I have no idea. It wasn't there last night."
The question is: The Englishman was angry by the end of the day, but he   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:didn't want to say anything
B:tried to show it to the visitor
C:had no time to tell the visitor
D:tried not to show it to the visitorTanzania is a country which has a lot of animals, such as gnus , lions, cheetahs(, elephants, giraffes, crocodiles and so on. Every year, many people in the world travel to this African country to watch the animals closely. But do you know how they travel?
By bus--This is the most common way. When people get on a bus, they'll find that the bus is a little strange. It is different from the buses we often see. There are no big windows at all, but some small windows. And it looks like a cage. What are they used for? Oh, people can use it to watch animals, especially those dangerous animals, and take photos. We know that people are most interested in the lions. So when two buses meet , the drivers will stop and ask each other whether they have found lions.
By boat--We can often see many people are in a boat, enjoying the beautiful scene along a river of a lake, and they can also enjoy hippos and crocodiles from a nearer distance.
By hot balloon --In the early morning, when the sun is beginning to rise, a large hot balloon is also starting its journey. Taking a hot balloon makes most of the travelers excited. After some time, the balloon will land in a certain place, and the waiters will serve people a delicious and special breakfast. But the cost of taking a hot balloon is also very high. A person should pay 400 dollars for an hour's trip.
The question is: Which one can be the best title?
The possible answers are:
A:The beautiful country-Tanzania
B:The ways of traveling in Tanzania
C:Why do we take a bus to travel.
D:Different animals in TanzaniaDo you feel you have enough time to do all the things you have to do or want to do? How do you think you could plan your day better? A daily schedule   will help you plan every part of it. If you learn to manage   your time, you will probably feel less worried. Here is how to do it. 1. Take out a piece of paper and a ruler. Draw a form of your waking hours, using one square   for each half an hour. If you're awake for 16 hours each day, you will need 32 squares: 8 across, 4 down.2. Sit down and examine your day. Make a list of all the things you need to do. Think about when you should do them. 3. Fill out your schedule. 4. Remember to give yourself breaks. If doing all of your homework at one time is too much, schedule a little bit of free time in the middle of it. 5. If you have an important thing to do but it's not on your schedule, _ other activities around it. 6. Think about using different colored pens for your different activities. In this way, you'll clearly know how your day is planned out.
The question is: The writer thinks that   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:nobody has enough time to do everything he should do
B:people can use time better by making a daily schedule
C:it's good to have dinner before homework
D:students should finish all of their homework at one timeWe can make mistakes at any age. Some mistakes we make are about money. But most mistakes are about people.
Why do we go wrong about our friends? Sometimes people hide their real meanings when they say something. And if we don't really listen, we miss the feeling behind the words. Suppose someone tells you, "You're a lucky dog." That's being friendly. But "lucky dog"? There's a bit of envy  in those words. Maybe he doesn't see
himself. But "lucky dog" puts you down a little. He may mean you don't deserve your luck.
How can you tell the real meaning behind someone's words? One way is to take a good look at the person talking. Do his words fit the way he looks? Do his words agree with the tone  of voice? His posture ? The look in his eyes? Stop and think. If you spend the minute thinking about the real meaning behind one's words, it may save another mistake.
The question is: This passage is about    _   .
The possible answers are:
A:how to tell the real meaning behind our words
B:what to do when you listen to others talking
C:how to avoid  mistakes when communicating with people
D:why we must know the wrong we will doThe motivation to succeed comes from the burning desire to achieve a purpose. Napoleon Hill wrote, "whatever the mind of man can conceive   and believe, the mind can achieve."
A young man asked Socrates   the secrets to success. Socrates told the young man to meet him near the river the next morning.  When they meet, Socrates asked the young man to walk with him towards the river. When the water got up to their necks, Socrates took the young man by surprise and pressed him into the water. The boy struggled  to get out but Socrates was strong and kept him there until the boy stared turning blue. Socrates pulled his head out of the water and the first thing the young man did was to gasp  and take a deep breath of air. Socrates asked, "What did you want the most when you were there?" the boy replied. "Air." Socrates said," That is the secret to success. When you want success as badly as you wanted the air, then you will get it. There is no other secret."
A burning desire is the starting point of all accomplishment . Just like a small fire cannot give much heat, a weak desire cannot produce great results.
The question is: How did the young man go down under the water?
The possible answers are:
A:He tried to get some secret things Socrates put there.
B:He wanted to make Socrates believe he could succeed.
C:He was made and kept there by Socrates
D:Socrates didn't like him and tried to kill him.Dear editor,
I am 14. I am really outgoing when I am with my family at home, but I almost never talk at school. I really want to get over it, but I just don't know how. What should I do?
A shy girl Rachel
Dear Rachel,
The following ways may be able to help you out.
To begin with, you need to SMILE to others. If you are meeting someone and they look scared and angry, would you talk to them? Probably not. This may be how people feel about you. If you are smiling and if your eyes are saying that you're happy to see others, the conversation will be easier for you and them.
Next, do some volunteer work at school. Many shy kids don't do these because they always wonder if they can do very well. In fact, when you take part in activities that interest you, you'll find you can really do very well, and you will meet people with the same interests.
Start today one small step with one welcoming smile or one volunteer work and show the world inside you, and then you'll become a person who has interests and talents and self confidence. I believe that this is the person you want to be. Only you can make it happen.
The question is: What's the matter with the girl?
The possible answers are:
A:Shy.
B:Lonely.
C:Unhealthy.
D:Outgoing.Walt Disney was born in 1901. He created the Mickey Mouse in 1927 . It made him very famous . He died in 1966, but his work and his dreams did not die. Now people all over the world enjoy his Mickey Mouse and other cartoons.
Walt Disney was a man who did not _ easily. One summer, he wanted a job in a post
office, but they told him that he was too young. He went home, drew some lines on his face. And put on his father's suit and hat. Then he went back to the same office and told them he was 18. He got the job finally.
Later in his life, Mr. Disney had a dream . He wanted to build a new kind of amusement park. It would be clean and beautiful. The children could play happily there and the adults could live in nice hotels . It would be fun for people of all ages .  It was called Disneyland. Engineers told him it was an impossible dream. His family and friends thought he was mad. But Mr. Disney did not give up his idea. In1955, Disneyland opened to the public and became the most successful amusement park in the USA. Walt Disney's dream came true.
The question is: Which people can play or live in the Disneyland ?
The possible answers are:
A:Children
B:Adults
C:Students
D:All the aboveThere was a heavy snow last night. Maria stayed at home. Her cousin Cara came to visit her. She came back from Beijing. She told Maria something about her vacation. "It was pretty good. "She said. Cara visited the Palace Museum and the Great Wall. She took a lot of photos.
It was lunch time. Maria's parents were not at home. They decided to cook by themselves. Maria cooked noodles with some tomatoes and peppers . After Cara ate up the noodles, she said slowly, "I think it is delicious!" But Maria thought the food was too awful. She said," Cara, thank you, but I put too many peppers!"
The question is: --Where did Cara go on vacation?   --She went to  _
The possible answers are:
A:Hainan
B:Tianjin
C:Beijing
D:AnhuiMost people buy a lot of gifts just before Christmas. But some people think we  buy too much. They have started a special day called Buy Nothing Day. They don t want anyone to go shopping on that day.
Buy Nothing Day is on November 29th. It is 25 days before Christmas. At that time, we see ads in newspapers and on TV telling us to "buy,buy, buy!"
The idea for Buy Nothing Day started in Vancouver, British Columbia. Now people all over the world celebrate Buy Nothing Day. In California, USA, parents and children get together to read stories, sing songs and paint pictures. The children talk about why they don t need many toys. Last year, in Manchester, England, people dressed up in costumes to tell people that we buy too much.
In Albuquerque, New Mexico,high school students wanted to tell other students about Buy Nothing Day. They organized a dinner to give people information about Buy Nothing Day. They asked restaurants in the neighbours to donate the food. They put up posters and talked to other students about it. The dinner was a big success, many students liked the idea of this new tradition. This year, they want to have another dinner to tell more people about Buy Nothing Day.
The question is: What's the best title for this passage?
The possible answers are:
A:A Free Dinner
B:A Big Success
C:Buy Nothing Day
D:A New Christmas DayThis was the first real task I received in my new school. It seemed simple: go on the Internet and find information about a man named George Washington. As I searched the name, I found that there were two famous people having the same name who looked completely different! One invented hundreds of uses for peanuts , while the other led some kind of army across America. I looked at the screen, wondering which one my teacher meant. I called my grandfather for a golden piece of advice: let the coin decide. I flipped  a coin and ah! Tails  ! My report would be about the great man who invented peanut butter, George Washington Carver.
Weeks later, I stood in front of the classroom and proudly read my homework. But things started to get strange. I looked around the room, only to find my classmates with big smiles on their faces and tears in their eyes and my stone-faced teacher. I was completely lost. "What could be causing everyone to act this way?"
Oh well, I dropped the paper and sat down at my desk, burning to find out what I had done wrong. As a classmate began his report, it all became clear, "My report is on George Washington, the man who started the American War of Independence." The whole world became quiet! How could I know that my teacher meant that George Washington?
Of course, my subject result was awful. Sad but fearless, I decided to turn this around. I talked to the headmaster Miss Lancelot, but she said firmly: No re-dos; no new score. I felt that it was not fair, and I believed I should get a second chance. So I threw myself heartily into my work for the rest of the school year. Ten months later, I sat in the headmaster's office again, but this time a completely different conversation. I smiled and flashed back to the terrible moment at the beginning of the year as the headmaster told me I was good enough to skip  the 6th grade and started the 7th grade next term.
The question is: We can infer  from the passage that   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:the headmaster didn't like the writer at all
B:the writer's classmates felt sad at his mistake
C:the writer knew little about American history
D:the writer's grandpa was a very wise manGrandma was always forgetting things." What's wrong with her?" Anna asked. "We think she's getting old, and she may be ill. We may have to send her to a nursing home so that she can be taken good care of. But we can go to see her and bring her presents, like strawberry ice cream." Mother said.
One day, they went to see Grandma at the nursing home. Anna hugged  Grandma. "Look," she said, "we've brought you strawberry ice cream!" Grandma didn't say anything. She just took it and began eating. "Do you know who I am?" Anna asked. "You're the girl who brings me ice cream." Grandma said.  "Yes, but I'm Anna, your granddaughter. Don't you remember me?" she asked, throwing her arms around the old lady. Grandma smiled, "Remember? Sure. You're the girl who brings me ice cream." Suddenly Anna realized that Grandma would never remember her. "Oh, how I love you, Grandma!" she said. Just then she saw a tear roll down Grandma's cheeks  . "Love," she said, "I remember love. n "You see, dear, that's what she wants--love!" Mother said. It's more important to remember love than someone's name.
The question is: What did Grandma remember?
The possible answers are:
A:Date.
B:Money.
C:Love.
D:PastMan-made satellites have been sent up into space by many countries. These satellites go round the earth and help us to learn more about the earth, the weather and other things. Most countries use these satellites to sent and receive messages. For example, with their help China can send their programs to America, too. We can also use satellites to help us to make telephone calls to foreign countries.
The question is: Without the help of man-made satellites, we couldn't see   _   on TV.
The possible answers are:
A:anything interesting
B:what other people are doing
C:foreign programs
D:colour filmsMy grandfather is 70 years old this year. He is in good condition but he lost his hearing at the age of 65. Then it became difficult for me to communicate with him. My mother bought a hearing aid   for him, but he often forgot where he had put it. So my mother advised me to communicate with him by gesture. Good idea! And then I began to use gesture.
When I wanted to have an apple, firstly, I pointed to my mouth; later I made my hands form a round shape. Then he gave me an apple. When I was hungry, I pointed to my stomach. He would go into the kitchen and cook for me. When I wanted to use, the computer, I pointed to it. If he nodded , I could play computer games from 8 pm to 10 pm; if he disagreed, he always touched my head and pointed to the desk -- that meant that I should do my homework first. It was an easy way for us to communicate with each other!
The question is: What did the write mean when he pointed to his stomach?
The possible answers are:
A:He had a stomachache.
B:He was cold.
C:He was full.
D:He was hungry.More and more advertisements appear on the Web. You have to be careful not to be fooled or tricked  by the advertisements on the Internet. Something is said to be a bargain,but it isn't always cheap. And some socalled new things just have a new outside.
However,shopping online is a kind of fashionable  thing today. I love to buy things of everyday use,so I often get lots of information about them on Websites online. For example,if I want an MP3,I can choose my favorite one,and look for what the users like or don't like about it,and then decide whether to buy or not. And at the same time,you don't have to go to a shop or walk around a crowded shopping area,so you don't have to waste much time. The Internet is really useful for shopping,but be careful not to spend too much.
The question is: If you shop online,you   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:can save time
B:have to waste time
C:have to buy expensive things
D:can only buy things with a new outsideMr Black works in an office. He's very busy and he has no time to rest. Every evening, When he comes back from his office, he always feels tired and wants to go to bed early, but his wife often has something interesting to tell him after supper. She keeps talking until it's too late. But Mr Black has to get up early in the morning.
One day Mr Black felt terrible and couldn't go to work. He went to see a doctor with Mrs Black. Before he said what the matter was him, his wife told the doctor all. The doctor got the reason and said to Mrs Black, "Here is a bottle of medicine for your husband and some pills for you."
"For me?" the woman said in surprise, "I'm fine. I don't need any medicine!"
"I don't think, madam," said the doctor, "They're sleeping pills . Your husband will soon be all right if you take them!"
The question is: The doctor wanted to make Mr Black feel better by   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:curing  Mrs Black first
B:giving him a bottle
C:telling him to stay at home
D:asking him to do exerciseLook at your classmates around you. You all wear the same uniform and similar sneakers. Do you want to stand out among them? A fashionable and useful backpack can be a great idea!
Backpacks are lightweight and easy to carry.
They are great tools for students. They help you to stay organized. You can keep school things, books and personal items like cell phones and keys neatly  . With a _ backpack, you can also stand out among your classmates.
Tourists also love backpacks. With convenient backpacks, backpackers can move freely from one place to another. Meanwhile, they can also free their hands to do other things like taking photos.
But in the very beginning backpacks were not what we see today.
It is thought that US hiker Dick Kelty invented the first modern backpack in 1951. He used nylon   and aluminum tubing   to make backpacks lightweight. Then he added shoulder straps   and waist straps to transfer  much of the weight to the hips  .
Today, backpacks come in different styles.
Rolling   backpacks have wheels on the bottom. Users can pull them along the ground if they are too heavy to carry on their shoulders.
And with more people bringing laptops to school and work, backpacks also offer space for lightweight electronics.
The question is: In order to make the backpack light,   _   is used.
The possible answers are:
A:cotton
B:nylon
C:cloth
D:paperVending machines   are very popular now. You can find them here and there. People can buy different things from them, like snacks and soft drinks. Now we can even buy train tickets from it in the train station.
They also sell newspapers in some busy areas. In some places, you can get a can of beer or Coke from the vending machine, but in some others, you can't.
Some vending machines sell cigarettes  . They are called "cigarettes machines". With these machines, people can get cigarettes easily. These machines once   were popular in the United States. But they are not good for children. So you can't see them now. In many areas in the United States, only some clubs and bars   have cigarette machines, because children can never get into these places.
How does a vending machine work? If you want to buy a can of Coke, you can find its price on the machine. Put the money into the machine, and push the button   of the Coke, then you can get your Coke and change. A vending machine makes our life easy and interesting.
The question is: In some areas in the United States, people can't find cigarette machines because  _
The possible answers are:
A:people don't need cigarette machines any more
B:cigarettes are too expensive
C:people don't want their children to get cigarettes
D:children don't like cigarettes nowHello! My name is Becky Sharp. I'm 11 years old. I have one brother. His name is Jason and he's 14. I don't have any sisters.
We live with our mum, dad and grandma in a small house in Chesterfield, in the north of England. There are lots of things to do here. My friends and I sometimes go to the cinema on Saturdays.
Do you like sports? I like football. My favourite team is Manchester United. I sometimes play football with my brother. I am good at it but my brother isn't.
I have lots of pets---one tortoise   and six goldfish  . I want a dog or a cat, but my mother doesn't like them.
The question is: Does Becky play football well?  _
The possible answers are:
A:Yes, she does.
B:No, she doesn't.
C:She is not very good.
D:We don't know.Look in the bedrooms of young people in the world. Maybe you will find a pair of blue jeans in each room. Jeans are very popular all over the world.
Jeans give you the feeling of comfort , youth and energy . Every person likes them very much.
Levi Strauss is an American company. It first made blue jeans. The company was founded  in 1853 by 24-year-old Levi Strauss. Twenty years later, he made first blue jeans in the world. The jeans were used as working trousers for the cowboys  of American West. During the Second World War, American soldiers brought blue jeans to Europe and Asia. People there began to wear jeans. Little by little, they become cool.
People from different countries like different styles of jeans. Americans like to wear simple and single-colored jeans, but many Chinese people like to wear jeans with lots of different colors.
Now we can see jeans everywhere. However, in many places, it's not always good to wear jeans. No matter how good they may look, or what color they are, it's often not right to wear jeans in formal  places. But when you are out, relaxing or having fun, jeans are the best choices.
The question is: The story is talking about   _   .
The possible answers are:
A:Levis Strauss
B:young people
C:clothes' history
D:jeansGiving someone good news is easy, but what about bad news? Are there any good ways to give bad news without making people too upset? The following steps might help:
Say something positive. Try to start or end the conversation with some good news, so that it's not all bad. For example, " You did very well in the interview, but unfortunately we've given the job to somebody else."
Prepare your listener for the news. Use phrases to introduce what you're going to say, like "Unfortunately, ...", " I'm really sorry , but..." or " I'm afraid I've got some bad news." This gives the listener time to prepare for what you're going to say.
Try to give a reason. People like know why things go wrong. Try to explain the decision. If someone doesn't get the job, can you explain why? If you have to cancel an appointment, try to give a reason.
Use a soft _ of voice. If you're giving someone bad news, try to use a soft, calm voice to make your sound kind. Say things to show you understand, like "I'm really sorry." Or "I know this must be disappointing."
The question is: Which of the following is NOT true according to the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:"Unfortunately" can be used to tell the bad news.
B:You can start the conversation with some good news.
C:Tone of voice is important when giving the bad news.
D:Nobody likes to know the reason why things go wrong.A man punished his 5-year-old daughter for wasting some expensive gold wrapping paper. Money was little and he became more upset when the child used the gold paper to decorate a box and put it under a Christmas tree.
However, the little girl brought the gift box to her father the next morning and said, " This is for you, daddy."
The father was embarrassed by his earlier anger, but he got angry again when he found the box empty. He spoke to her in a serious manner, "Don't you know young lady, when you give someone a present, there's supposed to be something inside the package?"
The little girl looked up at him with tears in her eyes and said, "Oh Daddy, it is not empty.I blew kisses into it until it was full." The father was moved. He fell on his knees and put his arms around his little girl and he begged her to forgive his unnecessary anger.
An accident took the life of the child away only a short time later and it is told that the father kept the gold box by his bed for all the years of his life. Whenever he was discouraged or faced difficult problems, he would open the box and take out an imaginary kiss and remember the child who had put it there.
The question is: What happened to the girl in the end?
The possible answers are:
A:She went to primary school
B:She lost her life in an accident
C:She lost her father in an accident
D:She lived with her father happily.One day, I saw Harry sitting under a tree. He looked very sad. So I asked him what was wrong.
"Nothing," He said, "I'm too short to join the school basketball team." "And our P.E .teacher thinks I've little hope to be in the team in half a year," he added.
"Why not join another team?" I asked.
"But my dream is to be an excellent basketball player in the future," he said.
He told me his father wanted him to change his idea to join the school ping-pong team.
"Good idea." I agreed. "You're sure to be popular, because you have a smart head."
The next day, he joined the school ping-pong team. He worked harder than any other boy. Soon he was very popular in the team and looked happy every day.
At the end of last month, his team took part in the city's high school ping-pong match. He and his team beat the others and won the championship.
Sometimes your dream may not come true. Then make a small change, and it will bring you another success.
,,.
The question is: Why did Harry look sad that day?
The possible answers are:
A:There was something wrong with his leg.
B:His P.E. teacher told him not to play basketball.
C:He was too short to join the school basketball team.
D:He wasn't well enough for the school basketball team.There's no pizza on Mars, but scientists have found a solution to this problem for hungry astronauts: a pizza printer! NASA, the American space agency, has developed a machine that "prints" food. They showed a model of the printer in Austin, Texas last month.
How does it work? Cartridges  filled with powdered dough , cheese, sauce, water and oil put the ingredients layer by layer onto a printer bed. The printer bed, which gets hot from below, cooks the food as it's being printed.
Since most of the ingredients are powdered, they can be sent into space and stored for many years without going bad. Water makes food go sour, so the food powders are mixed with water and oil only when they are being printed.
"Long-distance space travel requires more than 15 years of shelf life for food." says Anjan Contractor, whose company developing the printer. " We take water out, and in that form, food will last maybe 30 years."
In outer space, there are far fewer choices for astronauts for dinner. Most of their foods--even things like beef or shrimp--are eaten from bags as powders . Scientists hope the new food printer can be used to make more delicious food in outer space, keeping astronauts healthier and happier.
But the printer is not limited to use in outer space. Scientists think it could be useful on Earth, too. It could allow personal meals to be made at the dinner table, according to each person's different needs.
"Let's say someone is an athlete in the family, and he needs more protein ," says Anjan Contractor, founder of Systems and Materials Research Corp, the company developing the printer. "We can design recipes for him and print out more protein-nutritious food for him."
The question is: Which of the following is TRUE?    _
The possible answers are:
A:Astronauts eat beef powder in outer space.
B:A model of the food printer was shown in New York last month.
C:Only astronauts and athletes can eat the food from the printer.
D:The printer can only be used in outer space.The Best Shopping In Sydney
Sydney is one of the world's biggest cities and has something for everyone when it comes to shopping. You will find excellent Australian products alongside the best that the world has to offer. At the bottom of Sydney Tower, you can shop in 160 of Sydney's favorite stores including 16 jewelry stores and many gift and fashion shops. It's all at Westfield Centerpoint.
Tel: 9231-9300
SOVEREIGN HILL
This prize-winning living museum is where Australia's history comes alive! Visit daily or stay for the night and experience life of the Fold Rush days. A wonderful nightly sound and light show, Blood on the Southern Cross, tells the story of the famous Eureka Uprising. Enjoy shopping along with real life character and entertainment. 4-star hotel and breakfast.
Tel: 5331-1944
ANCHORAGE RESTAURANT
Come and enjoy our delicious Cantonese seafood right on the water's edge in the historic fishing port of Williamstown with views of the city center across Port Phillip Bay. Open 7 days a week.
Lunch: Sunday to Friday11:00am--2:00pm
Dinner: Monday to Saturday 5:00am--10:30pm
Tel: 9397-6270 or 9397-7799
COOK'S COTTAGE
Built by James and Grace Cook, parents of Captain James Cook, Cook's Cottage stands proud in the Fitzroy Gradens as a reminder of life in the eighteenth century, and as a celebration and commemoration of the life and travels of Captain James Cook.
Open 9:00am--5:00pm daily, and until 5:30 pm during the summer.
Information: 9419-4677
The question is: Where can you spend the night in a tour?
The possible answers are:
A:Cook's cottage.
B:Westfield Centerpoint
C:Sydney Tower
D:Sovereign HillSoap operas from South Korea have been popular in China for more than twenty years now. So it is not the first time for the soap operas made in China to feel less popular. But this time, they are facing more difficulties, for The Heirs and My Love From the Star really made a full success.
A senior official said he sometimes watched soap operas from South Korea, as well as House of Cards, an American opera about politics . These operas made both in South Korea and in America have a lot of lovers in China.
Many people agree that China's soap operas can't be much loved by most Chinese, because they are not as interesting and exciting as those operas from South Korea and America, such as My Love From the Star, a South Korean love story between a time-traveling professor and a famous movie star.
However, South Korea not only provides soap operas but also some variety shows . Where Are We Going, Dad? is not an original Chinese show. We learned it from South Korea although not many in China know about that fact.
South Korea has created many popular shows and these stories tell there's no difference between men and women but in their country men are certain to _
The question is: Most people in China like watching shows made in   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:Europe
B:China
C:South Korea
D:JapanA Trap
Mr. Smith left his car outside his apartment one night as usual, but when he came down the next morning to go to his office, he discovered that the car wasn't there. He called the police and told them what had happened, and they said that they would try to find the car.
When Mr. Smith came home from his office that evening, the car was back again in its usual place in front of his house. He examined it carefully to see whether it had been damaged, and found two theater tickets on one of the seats and a letter which said, "We're very sorry. We took your car because of an emergency."
Mr. and Mrs. Smith went to the theater with the two tickets the next night and enjoyed themselves very much.
When they got home, they found that thieves had taken almost everything they had had in their apartment.
The question is: What did he do then?
The possible answers are:
A:He got in and drove it.
B:He closed the door of his car.
C:He called the police.
D:He looked everywhere for it.What do people do with their old, out-of-date but still useful computers? Most people don't know what to do with them. Many old computers are put away in homes. Many more are simply thrown out with the rubbish.
Finally, some companies are thinking of ways to bring down the number of old computers. Sony has agreed to help recycle old Sony products . Dell, Hewlett-Packard and other companies now also take back some old computers.
In some countries, laws are being passed, too. Computer companies will have to pay for collecting and recycling their used products. And 70% of computer waste must be recycled. The idea behind the laws is that computer companies themselves should pay the cost. That will encourage them to make computers that are easier and cheaper to repair and upgrade .
Yet while many people are throwing away good computers, others cannot afford them at all. Hundreds of organizations are working to solve this problem. They collect and repair old computers. Some also teach others how to repair computers.
The computers then go to schools, charities and people who need them. Giving a used computer to one of these organizations can turn one person's rubbish into someone else's useful things--and cut down on waste, too.
The question is: What is the main idea of this passage?
The possible answers are:
A:Repairing old computers.
B:Encouraging to make cheap computers
C:Recycling old computers.
D:Helping those who need computers.Some years ago, I went to Australia for a meeting with my friend, Chris. We decided to drive across country to Brisbane to visit another friend after the meeting ended.
The first day we were excited and laughed at each other's jokes. By the third day of driving in the endless desert, we began to get bored. We had been quiet for a few hours when suddenly Chris saw some kangaroos. We were both excited and decided to get a closer look. Chris _ to catch up with the kangaroos. We got closer and closer, and Chris was doing 110 kilometers per hour. We were very close to the kangaroos--too close--when we heard a loud BANG!
Chris stopped the car and we got out. Behind the car was a large kangaroo lying still on the ground. Chris went over to the kangaroo and put his baseball cap on its head. He took off his sunglasses and put them on the kangaroo and did the same with his jacket. Then he put his arm around the kangaroo and told me to take a photo of them together. I was still in shock, but I took out my camera. While I was taking the photo, I saw the kangaroo move. It suddenly woke up, looked at Chris, and jumped away into the distance before we could do anything.
I started laughing but Chris looked very serious. He said his purse and passport  were in the jacket. I started laughing even harder. I stopped laughing, however, when he said our car keys were also in the jacket.
The question is: What can you most probably conclude  from the last sentence of the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:The kangaroo drove their car away.
B:They had to walk in the endless desert.
C:Chris had another key to the car.
D:The writer should buy a new jacket for Chris.One Tuesday morning, Harry saw an ad in a window. It said, "Wanted. The Best Salesman in the World Top Pay." Harry thought he was a great salesman and went to ask for the job." I am the best salesman in the world," he said to the manager, "Give me the job."
"You must prove you're the best," the manager said.
"OK, I will!" Harry answered.
"Good!" The manager took a box of sweets out of his desk." Last week I bought a thousand boxes of sweets. If you can sell them all before the end of the week, you can have the job," said the manager.
"That's easy." Harry said. He took the boxes of sweets and left the office.
Every day and all day, he went from shop to shop, trying to sell the boxes of sweets. He couldn't sell one. The sweets were too bad for him to sell. At the end of the week he went back to the manager. "I'm sorry, sir." He said. "I was wrong about myself. I'm not the best salesman in the world, but I know who is."
"Oh," said the manager. "Who?" "The person who sold you a thousand boxes of these sweets." Harry said.
The question is: If Harry wanted to get the job, he would have to   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:buy all the sweets from the manager
B:sell out all the sweets in a few days
C:eat up all the sweets
D:sell the sweets at the weekendDear David,
How are you ? I'm fine. I'm in London, at the International School of English. I'm in Class 3 with eight students . They are from different countries---Spain, Japan, Argentina, Switzerland and Thailand. Our teacher's name is Henry . He's very nice. He's a very good teacher.
I'm living with an English family. Mr and Mrs Brown have three children. Thomas is fourteen, Catharine is twelve, and Andrew is seven. They are all very friendly, but it isn't easy to understand them !
London is very big and very interesting. The weather is cold but sunny and the parks are beautiful! Hyde Park , Green Park and ST.Jame's Park are all in the city centre .
English food is OK, but the coffee is horrible!
Write to me soon .
Love,
Paula
The question is: The letter is from   _   .
The possible answers are:
A:David
B:Paula
C:Paula's classmate
D:Paula's teacherMr. Smith had a hotel near the biggest train station in London. A lot of foreigners stayed there for the night. Mr. Smith only knew English, so he found it not easy for him to understand the people from other countries such as Russia, France and Japan. He thought Russian was boring but Japanese was interesting. So he asked a friend of his who knew Japanese to teach him. He studied hard and happily. At first he learned some, but soon he found that it wasn't easy to remember Japanese words. His friend asked him to write down the useful words on his notebook so that he could use them. He did as he was told. He found it helpful for him to do so.
One evening, there were a lot of people in the dinning room of his hotel. They were all busy eating something, but a Japanese was walking up and down there. He seemed to be waiting for someone. Mr. Smith thought to himself, " Maybe the man is hungry and wants to eat something, but he doesn't know any English. I'll try to help him."
Because Mr. Smith knew only a little Japanese, he had to take out his notebook and showed the sentence " I am very hungry" to the Japanese.
To his surprise, the Japanese took a look at it and gave him two dollars, and then left the hotel.
,.
The question is: After a few days, Mr. Smith found it   _   to learn Japanese.
The possible answers are:
A:interesting
B:difficult
C:boring
D:easyHenry was an office worker in a big city. He worked very hard and enjoyed traveling in his  holidays. He usually went to the seaside, but one year he saw an advertisement in a newspaper.
"Enjoy country life. Spend a few weeks at west hill farm. good food., fresh air, horse riding,Walking,fishing, cheap and interesting."
"This sounds a good idea," He thought. "I'll spend a month at west hill farm. I think I can enjoy horse riding, walking and fishing. They'll make a change from sitting by the seaside and swimming." He wrote to the farmer. In the letter he said that he would like to spend all of July there. Then on the first of July, he left for west hill farm.But four days later, he returned home.
"What was wrong with west hill farm?" His best friend, Ed, asked him. "Didn't you enjoy country life?"
"Country life was very good," Henry said. "But there was another problem."
"Oh. what?"
"Well," he said, "The first day I was there a sheep died, and we had roast mutton for dinner."
"What's wrong with that?" Ed asked. "Fresh meat is the best."
"I know, but on the second day a cow died, and we had roast beef for dinner."
"Lucky you!"
"You don't understand," Henry said. "On the third day a pig died and we had roast pork for dinner."
"A different meat every day," Ed said loudly, " And you are
ing!"
"Let me finish," Henry said. "On the fourth day the farmer died, and i didn't dare    stay for dinner!"
The question is: How did henry find out about the farm?
The possible answers are:
A:He saw it in a newspaper advertisement.
B:His best friend told him.
C:He wrote to the farmer.
D:Maybe he learned it from the radio.The landmark  success of Tu Youyou, the first Chinese woman to win a Nobel prize in science, has aroused great national pride  and hopes on the future of traditional Chinese medicine (TCM). Tu, born in 1930, shared the 2015 Nobel Prize for Physiology  or Medicine with Irish-born William Campbell and Japan's Satoshi Omura for her discoveries against malaria .
She discovered Artemisinin   , a drug that has greatly reduced the death number for patients suffering from malaria. "Artemisinin is a gift for the world people from the traditional Chinese medicine. It is of great importance for curing malaria and other diseases and for protecting the health of the world people," Tu said in Beijing. " The discovery of Artemisinin is a successful example of collective research on traditional Chinese medicine. The prize winning is an honor for China's science cause  and traditional Chinese medicine."
"Tu's winning the Nobel Prize shows China's great progress in science and technology. It also shows China's growing strength and rising international standing," Premier Li Keqiang said in a letter Monday evening.
The question is: People use Artemisinin to   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:control death number of patients in hospital
B:reach out to the different parts of world
C:cure patients suffering from the malaria
D:make people work on Chinese medicineHello, everyone!
My name is Winnie. I'm a 15-year-old girl. I live in the beautiful city of Rizhao.
I'm an active , lovely and clever girl. In the school my favourite subject is Math. Maybe someone thinks it's difficult to study well. But I like it. I believe  that if you try your best, everything can be done well.
I also like sports very much, such as running, volleyball and so on.
I'm kind. If you need help, please come to me.
I hope we can be good friends!
OK. This is me, a sunny girl!
The question is: Why does Winnie like the difficult subject?
The possible answers are:
A:Because she believes that if one tries his best, everything can be done well.
B:Because someone thinks it's difficult to study well.
C:Because her favourite subject is Math.
D:Because she is an active, lovely and clever girl.Summer holiday is coming , what do you like to do ?here are four students telling us what they will do in the coming summer holiday.
Mai hajui  Baihetiya, 14 .
I am from Xinjiang . I am studying at Tianjin No.2 Middle School now. I will go on a trip to Beijing . I am going to the Great Wall , the Summer Palace and the Palace Museum . I will go to Wangfujing Street to buy a sweater for my mother, a scarf for my father and a T- shirt for my brother.
Wu Jun, 13.
I come from Shanghai . My favourite season is summer . I like going swimming with my friends in the swimming pool. It is very exciting .
Mike ,13 .
I am studying at Nanjing No. 5 Middle School . I miss my parents very much . I will go back to America to see my family . Summer is a good season to go out . I will have a picnic with my friends in the countryside . I can also play football and baseball with my friends . How happy we will be .
Liu Shuyi, 14,
I am from Shanghai . I like summer best because I can eat ice cream and wear a dress. I am not good at English . I will join an English club to learn English .
The question is: Liu Shuyi likes summer best because she can   _   .
The possible answers are:
A:eat ice cream
B:go boating .
C:eat fish .
D:go fishing .This is a family tree. It's a very big family. Tim and Gina are very old  . They have   a son, David and a daughter, Sally. David and his wife   Jenny have the twins  , Jack and Bob.
Jack is single  , but Bob is married  . His wife is Lucy. They have a cute   son, Sam. They love   Sam very much.
Sally's husband   is Paul. They are the parents of Peter and Lily. Peter is married .His wife is Jane. They have a daughter. Her name is Kate. Lily has a dog. It's very cute  . She loves   it very much.
The question is: _   are twins.
The possible answers are:
A:Jack and Bob
B:Peter and Lily
C:Bob and Lucy
D:David and SallyIf someone asks me: "Do you like music?" I'm sure I will answer him or her: "Of course, I do." Because I think music is an important part of our lives.
Different people have different ideas about music. For me, I like rock music because it's so exciting. And my favorite rock band, the "Fox Ladies   is one of the most famous rock banks in the world. I also like pop music. My classmate ,Li Lan, loves dance music, because she enjoys dancing. My best friend, Jane, likes jazz music  . She thinks jazz is really cool.
"I like dance music and rock very much,: says my brother, "because they are amazing."
But my mother thinks rock is boring. "I like some relaxing music." She says. That's why she likes country music, I think.
The question is: What kind of music does the writer like?
The possible answers are:
A:Rock and pop music
B:Rock and dance music
C:Jazz and country music
D:Jazz music and pop musicBaymax, a new Disney character, has made everyone like him and want to hug him. The big robot is from the Disney movie--- Big hero 6. He lives with a fourteen-year-old smart boy called Hiro Hamada. Baymax has helped Hiro get through hard times after Hiro's elder brother died in an accident. Soon Hiro finds that some bad people are behind his brother's death and want to take the city. To stop it , he uses his high-tech gadgets  and turns Baymax and his four other friends into super heroes. The movie has received very good feedback . In February, the movie won the best animation  feature of the 87thOscar Awards. Baymax has become popular thanks to his big soft body and his comforting voice. People say his love can be found on the screen.
Mothers in Japan have started to make Baymax-sharped white rice balls for children. In China, fans warmly call him "the big white". The friendship between Baymax and Hiro makes many people cry in the cinema. As a nursing robot, Baymax is never designed to be a super hero. He dares to love you without expecting anything for himself. I think we all love him because of his love.
The question is: Why is Baymax popular?
The possible answers are:
A:Because he is a Disney character.
B:Because he won the best animation feature of the 87the Oscar Awards.
C:Because he has a big soft body and comforting voice.
D:Because he has received very good feedback.Tyler was a troublesome student. He sat in the back row. Every time I called him to answer questions, he'd reply with a flip answer. If he got it wrong, he would get very angry.
Usually kids could sit quietly in class. However, Tyler was just loud. One day, Tyler was talking while I was teaching. I said to him, "Tyler, why not join in our discussion instead of having one of your own?" He got up from his chair, pushed it over, and shouted something I can't remember. I sent him to the office and he received a week's out-of-school punishment.
The week was a wonderful time for me, but when it came to an end, I began to feel worried. So I came up with a plan. On the day of his return, I told him I wanted to start over with him. If he felt like he was going to lose control in class, he could step outside the door for a moment.
From then on, Tyler was a changed student in my classroom. In fact he was a smart child and he even stopped a fight between two students one day. And he never used the privilege to leave the class for a moment. I believe that just letting him decide for himself made all the difference.
When the year was over, he wrote me a thank-you note about how good the year had been for him. I still have it today and find it very moving to reread when I get stressed about teaching.
The question is: When Tyler was talking in class, the teacher advised him to  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:join in their discussion
B:have his own discussion
C:get up from his chair
D:go out of schoolSleep is like food for the brain. Enough sleep helps the body and brain grow and develop. However, many Chinese do not sleep well, and many do not pay enough attention to sleep.
The Chinese Medical Doctor Association released the 2013 China Sleep Quality Index   on March 19 to mark World Sleep Day - March 21.
According to the index, nearly a quarter of Chinese people don't sleep well. Half said that they feel tired after getting up and 15 percent people have trouble falling asleep.
Ye Jingying, a sleep expert at Beijing Tongren Hospital, says: "If people often wake up during the night, or always feel weak and tired in the day, they should pay attention to their sleep pattern  ."
Many people play with their cell phones or iPads before sleeping. The report said that this is one of the main reasons for bad sleep. Other reasons include stress and bad moods.
How to sleep well? Above all, get enough sleep. Seven to nine hours of sleep every night is perfect for an adult, and eight to nine hours is best for a teenager.
Forming good sleep habits is important. The report suggested that people need to keep away from digital devices   for at least an hour before sleep. The lights keep their brains excited for a long while. Other suggestions include: try to go to sleep and wake up at the same time every day, even on weekends and during holidays, and do the same relaxing things before bed each night, like listening to soft music.
The question is: Which of the following helps teenagers sleep well?
The possible answers are:
A:They should do different things before sleeping.
B:They should sleep for more than nine hours a day.
C:They should not use any digital devices during the daytime.
D:They'd better go to sleep and get up at the same time every day.If you are like most people ,your intelligence   changes with the seasons ,You are probably a lot sharper in the spring than you are at any other time of year . A famous scientist ,Ellsworth Huntington (1876--1947),concluded   from other men's work and his own among people in different climates that climate and temperature have an effect   on your mental abilities  .
He found that cool weather is much more favorable for creative   thinking than summer heat .This does not mean that all people are less intelligent in the summer than they are during the rest of the year. It does mean, however , that the mental abilities of large numbers of people tend to be lowest in the summer .
Spring appears to be the best period of the year for thinking One reason may be that in the spring man's mental abilities are affected by the same factors   that bring about great changes in nature .
Fall is the next-best season ,then winter .As for summer ,it seems to be a good time to take a long vacation from thinking .
The question is: The two best seasons for thinking seem to be   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:spring and fall
B:winter and summer
C:summer and spring
D:fall and winterI have an American friend.Her name is Lily.This is a picture of her new school.Look! There are six floors in the teaching building.There are fifteen classrooms on every floor.In the school,there are 3,200 students and 300 teachers.The teachers' offices are behind the classrooms.The dining hall is next to the teaching building.Lily often has lunch there.After lunch she often has a talk with her friends.In front of the dining hall is a library.It's a good place to read books.
Lily gets to school at 7:40 a.m.The first class begins at 8:00 a.m.She has four lessons in the morning and two in the afternoon.There is a big gym behind the dining hall.After school,Lily likes going swimming there.
The school is big and nice,and Lily likes it very much.
The question is: Where is the school library?
The possible answers are:
A:It's behind the classrooms.
B:It's next to the offices.
C:It's in front of the dining hall.
D:It's behind the dining hall.I shook hands with my father in the truck, and for a long time he looked straight ahead and didn't say a word.But I knew he was going to say a little to me."I can't tell anything."  he finally said."I never went to college, and none of your brothers went to college.I can't say don't do this and do that, because everything is different and I don't know what is going to come up.I can't help much with money either, but I think things will work out."
He gave me a new check-book ."If things get pushing, write a small check.But when you write one, send me a letter and let me know how much.There are some things we can always sell." In four years all the checks I wrote were less than a thousand dollars.My part-time jobs such as reading to the blind student and sitting with the teachers' kids filled in the _ .
"You know what you want to be, and they'll tell you what to take," my father went on."When you get a job, be sure it's honest, and work hard." I knew that soon I would be alone in the big town, and I would be missing the cool winds and a life where your thinking was done for you.
Then my dad reached down beside his seat and brought the old, broken Bible that he had read so often, the one he used when he wanted to look something up in a friendly quarrel with one of the neighbours.I knew he would miss it.I knew, though, that I must take it.
He didn't say read this every morning.He just said," This can help you if you will let it."
Did it help? I got through college without being a burden  on the family.I have been able to make money since.
The question is: Why did the father not ask his son not to do this and do that?
The possible answers are:
A:Because he felt quite confident of his son.
B:Because he was born from a poor family.
C:Because he was a man of few words.
D:Because he didn't want to be much too strict with his son.I have seven bags. Three bags are big, and the other four bags are small. I have some basketballs and volleyballs. I put two volleyballs in each small bag. And I put two basketballs and two volleyballs in each big bag. The number of the volleyballs is my age.
The question is: Where are the basketballs?
The possible answers are:
A:In the big bags.
B:In the small bags.
C:In a big bag.
D:In a small bag.Look at the light and beautiful snowflakes   falling. Ever wanted to hold them in your hands? They are always lost when they meet your hands.
Well, this isn't just a problem for you. It was a problem for Wilson Bentley, too. In the 1870s, Wilson Bentley was just a teenager. His family lived in a small town in northeast America. Winters there were long and hard. Bentley's mother was once a school teacher. She taught him at home. Bentley didn't go to school until he was 14. He was a quiet boy, and loved reading his mother's books. But he was interested in his mother's microscope  . When the other boys were playing with balls, little Bentley was studying things like drops of water, flowers and snowflakes.
Bentley loved watching snowflakes. For the next two years, young Bentley spent many winter days in a cold room watching these _   under his microscope. The boy thought they were beautiful enough for him to start to draw pictures of them. But there were so many snowflakes that he couldn't draw them all.
How could he keep their beauty all the time? Bentley thought of buying a camera.
The boy and his mother asked his father to buy one. But, his father didn't agree. He thought the whole thing was a bad idea. He thought the only thing a farmer should do was farming.
But finally Bentley did get a camera. For more than a year he tried to take pictures of snowflakes. On January 15, 1885, during a snowstorm, Bentley took the first ever photo of an ice crystal with his camera. "It was the greatest moment of my life," Bentley said later.
For 13 years, Bentley worked quietly and took thousands of photos of ice crystals. Later he became famous as "Snowflake" Bentley.
The question is: Which of the following statements about Bentley is TRUE?
The possible answers are:
A:He didn't get any kind of education as a child.
B:He was born into a rich family.
C:He was crazy about the beauty of snowflakes.
D:He was the onlyperson to take photos of snowflakes.Hi! I'm Tom.This is my pencil box. It's orange. My ruler is blue and red .It's in the pencil-box. That is a pencil. It's black. It is not my pencil. It's Lucy's. The white eraser is Bob's. I call Bob at 789-6943. It is his telephone number.
The question is: _  is blue and red.
The possible answers are:
A:Tom's ruler
B:Tom's pencil-box
C:Bob's eraser
D:Lucy's pencilA doctor was once teaching a class of medical students at a famous hospital in Edinburgh. An injured man was brought in, and the doctor turned to one of his students and asked him, "What's wrong with this man?"
"I don't know, sir," the student answered. "Shall I examine him and find out?""There's no need to examine him," said the doctor. "You should know without asking questions. He has hurt his right knee. Didn't you notice the way he walked? He hurt it by burning it in the fire. You see his trouser leg is burnt away at the knee. This is Monday morning. Yesterday was fine, but on Saturday the roads were wet and muddy. The man's trousers are muddy all over. The man fell down on Saturday night."
The doctor then turned to the man and said, "You had your pay on Saturday and went to a public house and drank too much. You got muddy and wet on the way home. Because you had drunk too much, you fell on the fire and burnt your knee. Is it right? " "Yes, sir," said the man.
The question is: The medical students were having a lesson  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:at the library
B:in a classroom
C:at a well-known hospital
D:in a medical schoolJohn lived with her mother when he was young. He didn't know who his father was. The woman did some washing for the rich and could buy only some bread for her son. So the boy was short and thin.
One cold morning there was much snow in the streets. A car knocked the woman down and the policemen took her to the hospital. She didn't tell John that his father deserted  her before he was born until she died. She left her son the name and address of his father.
John found his father, Mr. Brown, in another city. He was one of the richest shopkeepers and he had to receive his son. From then on the boy lived a rich life. He ate all kinds of delicious food and wore beautiful clothes. But he didn't go to school and could not read or write.
Once his father took him to a party. He saw a newspaper lying on the floor and picked it up while others were talking about a film. He had a look at it and found a car's wheels  were upward .He called out," Oh, dear! An accident happened!"
All the people were surprised and began to read the newspaper. But soon they all began to laugh. Do you know why?
The question is: After John found his father,  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:he was angry with the man
B:he started a rich life
C:he wouldn't live with him
D:the man was bad to himTom walked into a shop. It had a sign outside:" Second-hand clothes bought and sold. " He was carrying an old pair of trousers and asked the owner of the shop." How much will you give me for these?" The man looked at them and then said, "Two dollars ." "What!" said Tom. "I had guessed they were worth(...) at least five."
"No," said the man, "they aren't worth a cent more than two dollars."
"Well," said Tom. Taking two dollars out of his pocket, "Here's your money. These trousers were hanging outside your shop. The list price of them was six dollars and a half. But I thought that was too much money, so I wanted to find out how much they were really worth. "
Before the shop owner could think of anything, Tom walked out of the shop with the pair of trousers.
The question is: The owner of the shop   _   for the old trousers.
The possible answers are:
A:would give Tom two dollars
B:would pay three dollars
C:would pay five dollars
D:would give Tom six dollars and a halfThis is Joy's bedroom.it's a small room . He has some pictures.They are on the wall. He also has a desk and a chair in his bedroom.The desk is near the window. His bag and pencil box are on the desk. There are some pencils,a pen,a ruler in the pencil box. He has a baseball and a basketball. They are under the bed.Joy likes playing basketball and baseball. He also has two volleyb alls,but he doesn't like playing volleyball.
,A, B, C, D. (5,2,10)
The question is: Joy doesn't like playing   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:basketball
B:baseball
C:ping-pong
D:volleyballlHow do you spend your spare time? There will be different answers to it .Most people in Poland have their own ways of spending free time. Sometimes they just want to have a rest, but they try to do something more pleasant most of the time. They have many different hobbies, which help them to get away from their everyday problems and spend their free time happily.
Many Polish people like traveling. They look for new places that they have never been to and add new and exciting experiences to their journey. Some of them like to climb mountains,. others like to go to the sea or a lake to swim, because theses can make them get exercise and are good for their health.
Many Polish people also like to do sports in their free time. They are usually crazy about football, and football is regarded as the Polish national sport. Many football fans may support a certain team ,so they go to watch every match of the team they support, and they buy many things that have any relation with the team. Watching sport and doing it are both good ways to relax
In addition, doctors say that doing sports is very good for the health. Many people in town, especially young men, often go to the gym to attend the exercise classes to keep fit.
Besides these ways, Polish people have many other ways to spend their free time . And they really enjoy their free time.
The question is: Polish people have many different hobbies in order to  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:solve their daily problems
B:finish all their work
C:make some friends
D:relax themselves in their spare timeGood parent - teacher communication is necessary for a child's success in school. Recent studies show that the more actively parents are involved   in the child's school life. The better the child does in his studies.
Like all relationships, parents and teachers affect each other, but the person who is most affected is the child. What they need to understand is that the educational success depends on many things, including the ability of the parents and teacher to know his needs and what he likes, and encourage him.
When a child's teacher and parents work together in the best interests   of the child, he may feel able to learn, but, more importantly, also feel supported.
Education is about much more than just academic   success. We must use the parent-teacher relationship to help a child grow and learn. So, how should parents and teacher work together?
It doesn't require a change in the school subjects. It simply means that they should work together to help make lessons practical   . For instance, if a child is learning about money at school and the teacher takes the time to communicate this to the parents, the parent can take the child to the store to practice what he is learning at school. At the store, he has to pick out a thing he can afford to buy, take out the right amount of money to pay for it and check to make sure the clerk has given him the right amount of _ . Doing this can help him to learn about the world in which he lives. This is how good parent-teacher communication supports the parent, teacher and, finally, the child.
The question is: Who is most affected by the parent-teacher relationship?
The possible answers are:
A:The child
B:The parents.
C:The child's friends.
D:the teachersDavid Moore taught science at the City School.He needed some expensive books,so he bought them.He put the books in his car in a quiet street.Then he went to other shops to buy something else.At six he came back to the car.One door was open--and the books were not there.David drove home.
That night he wrote a letter to a newspaper.The next day he went to the police station.
On Friday people read this in the newspaper:
Books: Have you any old books? I buy old and modern books.
Open all day on Saturday.Dauid Moore.26 Fry Road.
David stayed at home on Saturday.The first mall came at eight.David took him to the kitchen.At half past nine another man arrived.He had a bag under his arm.
"Mr.Moore?"the man asked.
"That's right,"David said."Can I help you?"
"I've got some good books.You buy books,don't you?"
"Yes.Bring them in. Let me have a look."
Soon the books were on the dining-table."Come in now."David called,"and bring the list."
A policeman came into the dining-room.He read the names on the books and the names on the list in his hand.They were the same.
"Come with me.Sir."the policeman said to the man.
The question is: From the story,we know the second man  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:is one of David's friends
B:wants to return the books to David
C:wants to show the books to David
D:reads the newspaperOne day a strong cowboy was traveling on his horse when he saw a bar. He decided to stop for a few drinks, so he tied  his horse outside the bar, walked into the bar and ordered two bottles of beer. This cowboy was new in town. He looked around and noticed some people making faces to him. He guessed that they might play some tricks   on him, but he said nothing and continued to drink. After drinking, he walked out of the bar and found his horse lost.
However, he kept calm, came back into the bar, and said slowly, " I don't know what you fools did to my horse out there... but I'm leaving in five minutes, and by then if my horse isn't back where it's supposed to be, well ... I have to do here what I did in Texas!" The cowboy added, "And I don't want to do what I did in Texas!" After hearing these words, the other customers seemed a little bit frightened.
The cowboy went back to his seat and ordered another two bottles of beer. After five minutes, he walked out and found his horse tied where it was supposed to be.
Just as he was leaving, the boss of the bar came up and asked curiously   , "What was the thing that you did in Texas but you didn't want to do here?"
The cowboy turned to the boss and replied in a low voice, " I had to walk home!"
,. (5)
The question is: After a few drinks, the cowboy found his horse  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:ill
B:dead
C:asleep
D:lostIt was Mother's Day,but the young mother was a little unhappy,because she was 800 miles away from her parents.In the morning she phoned her mother to wish her a happy Mother's Day,and her mother told her about the beautiful lilacs in the garden.
Later that day,when she told her husband about the lilacs,he said,"I know where we can find all that you want.Get the children and come on."So they went,driving down the country roads.
There on a small hill,they saw a lot of beautiful purple lilacs.The young woman ran quickly to enjoy the flowers.Carefully,she picked a few here and a few there.On their way home there was a smile on her face.
When they were passing a nursing home ,the young woman saw an old granny sitting in a chair.She had no children with her.They stopped the car and the young woman walked to the old woman,put the flowers in her hands,and smiled at her.The old granny thanked her again and again.She smiled happily,too.
When the young mother came back to her car,her children asked her,"Who is that old granny?Why did you give our flowers to her?"
"I don't know her,"their mother said."But it's Mother's Day,and she has no children.I have all of you,and I still have my mother.Just think how much those flowers meant to her.
The question is: There were many beautiful purple lilacs.
The possible answers are:
A:in her garden
B:in the market
C:in her mother's garden
D:in the nursing homeWelcome you to a friendly family run pub
THE BOOT
FREE HOUSE
18 Brinkley Rd Dullingham, Near Newmarket  Tel: 01638 507327
Beer Festival 29 April - 2 May
ALWAYS AVAILABLE
Adanms Best Bitter, Broadside & Guest Beers
Traditional Pub Food served  Mon - Fri  12noon--2pm
Opening Times:
Monday to Friday  11am--2:30pm & 5pm - 11pm
Saturday: 11am--11pm     Sunday: 12 noon -2:30pm & 7pm - 10:30pm
The question is: Which information helps you if you want to order at home from the Pub?
The possible answers are:
A:18 Brinkley Rd Dullingham
B:Newmarket
C:Tel: 01638 507327
D:Free HouseThe days are getting shorter and shorter, and temperatures are dropping. Winter is coming and it is easy for people to catch flu. Many people have started taking vitamin C pills as a precautionary way. But a research has shown that vitamin C pills do not provide as much protection as they think. They are even not as good as other ways, like often washing your hands. Some German scientists have given people information and a test on the subject helping to stop incorrect ways.
Whether it is caused by cold or flu , a runny nose and sore throat are signs of catching a cold. Many people overestimate  the advantages of vitamin C and other pills. For years it was believed that taking vitamin C pills not only provided protection against colds but also against cancers, helping people to live longer. But the result of the research showed disagreement on these beliefs . The result has now come out on the website wwww.informedhealthonline.org. "Some pills may not help people live longer. Some pills may even lead to earlier death," says Professor Peter Sawicki. Scientists also say that the best way to get vitamins is through food instead of having vitamin pills. That is to say, we disagree with the way of taking vitamin C pills.
There are many simple but useful ways to lower the risk of catching a cold. These include often washing your hands with normal soap  and water and not touching your face with your hands. People who have already had a cold can stop it from spreading by throwing away tissues  at once after using them and not shaking hands with other people.
The question is: About taking vitamin C pills,   _   is shown by the research.
The possible answers are:
A:fighting against sore throat
B:fighting against colds and cancers
C:helping people live longer
D:leading to earlier death by some pillsForty years ago, I was in Grade One. One day,I was asked to go to the principal's office . I was really nervous. When I pushed the heavy door open. I found my parents were sitting in the office,too. My father walked to me,with some of my drawings in his hand. "Why do you only use a black crayon when you draw?" he asked.
I said nothing. "Show me to your desk," said my father.
So we returned to my classroom. My father pulled out my crayon box. There was only one black crayon in it. "Where are the rest of your crayons?"
I quietly explained that I'd given all the other crayons to my friends. I shared my things with others as my parents had taught me.
Then I looked at my father, then at the principal--both their faces were red. Years later, I learned that my father's face was red because of anger and the principal was red because he was embarrassed . When the principal saw all my pictures, he thought that I had a deep emotional problem. So he had called my parents in to discuss "my problem".
In fact, I was too shy to ask for my "shared" crayons back. I didn't stand up for myself!
That night, my father told me about the difference between sharing and giving. He also gave me a new box of crayons. He said, "These crayons are for you. I don't want you to share or give these crayons to anyone else. "
The question is: The author wants to tell us  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:to be honest at any time
B:to draw in different colors
C:to share everything with others
D:to stand up for ourselves when necessaryYesterday, Dad and I made a big snowman. I was very cold, so Dad made some delicious soup and bread. When I got sleepy, Dad carried me to my bedroom and said, "Good night, Pumpkin  ."
This morning, there was a truck   in front of our house. A truck is not a bad thing unless it' s carrying your dad's things to the other side of town.
"I'll see you tomorrow morning, Jzzie," Dad said, giving me a kiss,
I said "bye" and ran to my bedroom. I got a stomachache again. I' ve had lots of stomachaches since Mom and Dad told me about the divorce   because I can't get used to _ .
When Mom told me it was time for dinner, I told her. I was not leaving my room.
Mom led me downstairs anyway. Dad's chair was empty. We didn't talk. We didn't eat.
The phone rang.
"Hi, Izzie. My new apartment building has an indoor pool, so bring your swimsuit tomorrow, OK?"
"I don 't want to go swimming, Daddy. "
"Well, think about it," he said. "It could be fun."
But I didn't want to have fun. In fact, I thought I would probably never have fun again.
I waited for him to say "Good night, Pumpkin." But all he said was "See you tomorrow."
When. I lay in bed, I found something under my pillow . It was an envelope. I opened it and pulled out a picture of a pumpkin. It was not even close to Halloween. I turned the picture over and saw the words  "Good night". I held the picture to my face and thought of Dad. Then I opened my top drawer, pulled out my favorite swimsuit and put it on my desk.
.
The question is: The writer found   _   in the envelope.
The possible answers are:
A:some stamps
B:some money
C:a picture
D:a letterMy name is Andrew.There are three people in my family--my father,my mother and I.
My father is a bank clerk.And he works in a bank.He thinks it's a boring job.He wants to be a policeman.My mother is a teacher.She teaches Chinese.She thinks her job is very interesting.She works hard and often comes back home very late.In her free time,she likes writing stories for a magazine.I'm a student.I want to be a musician when I grow up.
The question is: What does Andrew like?
The possible answers are:
A:Chinese.
B:Reading stories.
C:Music.
D:Sports.In the 13th century , the famous Italian traveller, Marco Polo, travelled a long way to China.During his stay in China, he saw many wonderful things. One of the things he discovered was that the Chinese used paper money. In western countries, people did not use paper money until the 15th century. However, people in China began to use paper money in the 7th century .
A Chinese man called Cai Lun invented  paper almost 2,000 years ago. He made it from wood. He took the wood from trees and made it into paper. He then put these pieces of paper together and made them into a book. Now paper still comes from trees. We use a lot of paper every day. If we keep on wasting so much paper, there will not be any trees left on the earth. If there are no trees, there will be no paper. Every day, people throw away about 2,800 tons  of paper in our city. It takes 17 trees to make one ton of paper.This means that we are cutting nearly 48,000 trees every day. Since it takes more than 10 years for a tree to grow, we must start using less paper now. If we don't, we will not have enough time to grow more trees to take the place of those we use for paper.
So how can we save paper? We can use both sides of every piece of paper, especially when we are making notes. We can choose drinks in bottles instead of those in paper packets. We can also use cotton handkerchiefs   and not paper ones. When we go shopping, we can use fewer paper bags. If the shop assistant gives us a paper bag, we can save it and reuse it later.
Everyone can help to save paper. If we all think carefully, we can help protect  trees. But we should do it now , before it is too late.
The question is: About   _   tons of paper is thrown away every day in our city.
The possible answers are:
A:1,700
B:2,000
C:2,800
D:48,000A farmer had a faithful  horse who was old and couldn't do much work. So the farmer no longer wanted to give him anything to eat and said, " If you can bring me a lion here, I will keep you."
The horse was sad, and went to the forest. There he met a fox. After the fox heard the story, he said. "I will help you. Just lie down, as if you were dead, and do not move.''
The horse did what the fox asked, and then the fox went to the lion and said, "A dead horse is lying out there. Just come with me, and you have a rich meal."
The lion went with him, and they were both standing by the horse, the fox said, "Now let me tie the horse to your tail and you can take it home and eat it."
The fox's words made the lion very happy. But the fox tied the lion's legs together with the horse's tail. When the fox finished his work, he said to the horse, "Pull the lion to the farmer."
Then the horse pulled the lion away with him at once. The lion was very angry but he couldn't do anything. When the farmer saw the lion, he was in a good mood , and said to the horse, " You can stay with me.'' And he give him enough food to eat until the horse died.
The question is: The lion believed the fox's words because  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:he could make friends with the fox
B:he wanted to eat the horse
C:he wanted to save the horse
D:he could be sent to the farmerThe Internet joins millions of computers all over the world, and it's used by people all over the world. It was invented in the 1960s in the USA. The American government needed a network of computers for its army. Then in the 1970s scientists and businesspeople also wanted to use the Internet to send and receive messages. For some years, they weren't allowed to use US network, and when they were allowed to, the messages were in very simple text without photos.
The World Wide Web was invented by a British scientist named Tim Berners-Lee in 1989. He wanted to send documents to other scientists. So he developed the World Wide Web. This allowed him to send and receive scientific documents with text, drawings and photos. In the 1990s, more and more people began to use the Internet and the World Wide Web.
So, what's the difference between Internet and the World Wide Web? The Internet is the hardware .It allows us to communicate with other people. The World Wide Web is the software. It allows us to create , see, and read multimedia documents.
The web is made up of millions of documents called web pages. These pages are held in computers all over the world. Many people have a favourite website with a number of web pages on the same subject.
Email is a way of using your computer to send and receive messages. It's cheaper and quicker to use email than send normal mail. New users call normal mail "snail mail" because it's so slow.
It took 50 years for 100 million people to listen to the radio. It took 15 years for 100 million people to watch television. By the year 2000, it had taken only about three years for 100 million people to use the Internet. What will happen next on the Internet?
The question is: According to the passage, which of the following is not true.
The possible answers are:
A:Tim Berners-Lee developed the World Wide Web.
B:At first, the message were in very simple text without photos.
C:Web pages are held in computers all over the world.
D:The World Wide Web allows us to communicate with other people.Everyone tries to get to school on time. But when bad weather gives you trouble, can you still make it before the bell rings?
In northern China during spring, big sandstorms often make trouble for students and everyone else. When the sky is dark with sand, buses and cars all move much more slowly. Sometimes, people can't even see for 20 metres.
Sandstorms usually happen in spring. This year, sandstorms started in late March. They have happened in more than 10 provinces    in northern China this year. More than 70 million people have had problems in those places because of the sandstorms.
People in southern China don't have to worry about this kind of bad weather. Most of the sand comes from Gansu and Inner Mongolia . In northern China, lots of places have few trees and don't get much rain. People there have been cutting down too many trees. When there aren't many trees, the ground can't keep enough water. Over the years, the ground dries up and turns to sand. When spring comes and the ice melts , the ground becomes looser . Strong winds take the loose sand into the sky.
Sandstorms are bad for people's health. If people breathe  too much sand, they could cough or have asthma .
Sandstorms also give farmers lots of problems. Sometimes their sheep get lost in the storms and never get back home. The winds also tear down farmers' houses.
What can you do to stop sandstorms? Here's an idea: Ask you parents to help you plant some trees this spring.
If you see people cutting down too many trees, tell them about the dangers of sandstorms, and ask your government to stop them from cutting.
The question is: Which of the following provinces in China is often hit by sandstorms?
The possible answers are:
A:Fujian Province.
B:Yunnan Province.
C:Jiangsu Province.
D:Gansu Province.Anger is a kind of feeling. Many things can make you angry. When your teacher gives you too much homework, when your team loses an important game, when a friend borrows your favorite thing and then breaks it, you may get really angry.
Usually, your body will tell you when you are angry. For example, you breathe faster, your face turns red, and you may want to break something or hit  someone, but sometimes, you hide  your anger. For example, you may hide it in your heart. The problem is that if you do this, you may get a headache or your stomach may hurt.
In fact, it's not good to hide your anger, and it's normal for you to get angry sometimes. But anger must be let out in the right way, without hurting others or yourself.
When you get angry, you can talk about it with other people. It's helpful to talk about your anger with an adult, such as parents, a teacher, etc. When you talk about anger, those bad feelings can start to go away. Here are some other things you can do when you start to feel angry: talk to a good friend; count from 1 to 100; give someone a hug ; go for a bike ride; think about good things, etc.
Remember that how you act when you are angry can make everything better or worse. Don't let your anger
you.
The question is: According to the passage, you can do everything when you get angry except     _   .
The possible answers are:
A:go for a bike ride
B:think about good things
C:talk to a good friend
D:say bad things to the people around youOne day while driving from my home to work. I noticed a car in front of me had a wobbly wheel. It was clear that the wheel had been changed recently and had not been fixed correctly. On a slow road this would not show much of a problem but I knew a highway was coming soon. There the traffic would move much faster and the driver would be in danger as the wheel could come off at that speed.
I was driving a large jeep at the time and the car in front was a small one driven by a young lady on her own. So as I tried to flash my lights and wave her to pull over,  I was worried that she wouldn' t pull over on the road side when she found in her mirror a single man chasing  her down in a jeep and waving for her to pull over.
Thankfully. she trusted more in the good nature of people and pulled over where I could explain the problem. She said the wheel was changed only the night before and that she would pull into the nearest garage where the repairman had tools to fix the wheel correctly.
My belief is that the act of kindness was hers and not mine. How so? Well,  it was she who chose to believe in the possibility that people are good over the belief that bad things would come from being waved over to the side of the road by strangers.
I am glad I was able to wave her down in time and so a serious accident might have been avoided. But I am even happier that she believed in a stranger.
The question is: Why did the lady pull over on the side road ?
The possible answers are:
A:Because she found something wrong.
B:Because she thought the road not safe.
C:Because the writer shouted at her.
D:Because the writer gave her some signs.A recent study shows that a third of UK students aged between 16 and 30 are interested in overseas study. Among them, half wish to study at the undergraduate level.
UK students have increasing interest in studying or working in a European country through the EU's Erasmus Program, an EU student exchange program started in 1987. Recent Erasmus statistics  show that nearly 15,600 UK students spent up to a year in another European country through the program during 2013-2014 school year, up 115 percent since 2007.
The figures reflect that more young people in the UK are realizing the value of receiving international experience. "The UK needs graduates who have the skills and confidence to compete worldwide, and can compete against foreign talent that may speak more languages and have wider international experience," said Rebecca Hughes, director of education at the British Council.
Most UK students would like to go to the United States, followed by Australia, France, Canada and Germany, the findings show, but 42 percent of those who took the questionnaire were interested in traveling outside of the English-speaking world.
Why do UK students want to go abroad? Among those who are interested in overseas study, nearly 50 percent want to have fun traveling and exploring different cultures, while 30 percent want to work for an international company and live overseas. About 15 percent said they wanted to go to the best university and get the best education offered worldwide. What's more, the high cost of UK university studies plays a role in over half of students' interest in overseas study.
Also, the study found the biggest schooling check to studying abroad was a lack of foreign language skills--chosen by over half of those who were not interested or had not made a decision about studying overseas. But the top non-schooling check for students was the great cost.
The question is: Which is the greatest reason why UK students are interested in overseas study?
The possible answers are:
A:Working for an international company.
B:The high cost of UK university studies.
C:Receiving the best education worldwide.
D:Travelling in non-English-speaking countries.Barak Obama(.), a black man, is the president  of the United States now. He was born on August 4th, 1961, in Hawaii  and has lived in many places. His mother was from Kansas  and his father was from Kenya . Obama went to Columbia University  in New York and got a law degree  at Harvard University  in Massachusetts . His wife is Michelle Obama(.). She also worked as a lawyer and later worked for the University of Chicago . They have two young daughters.
Obama wrote a book Dreams from My Father.  " I always live in the dream of my father and American people, " Obama once said. He was born in a poor family. And his grandparents looked after him very well when Obama was young. He also lived and worked in Africa . Then he got good education  in Harvard University. On November 4th, 2008, he became the new president of America for the next four years.
,,.
The question is: Which is the best title of this passage?
The possible answers are:
A:Education of a President
B:Dreams from My father
C:Life of Barack Obama
D:Barack Obama and His WifeWhich is more useful? 
Thomas is in Grade Two now. He goes to school from Monday to Friday. After school he must do some housework. He helps his parents on the farm  on Saturdays and Sundays. So he doesn't have any time to play soccer in the daytime. He often plays soccer with his friends in the moon  .
It's five in the afternoon. School is over. Thomas goes home and cooks for his family. After dinner he sees his friend Paul near his house and asks him to play soccer. The boy looks at the sky and sees the moon. Then he asks," Which is more useful, the sun or the moon?"
"I think the moon is," says Thomas. "We need light   in the evening, because we see not the sun, but the moon!"
The question is: Thomas must work on the farm  _  days in a week.
The possible answers are:
A:two
B:three
C:four
D:fiveMany people think the camel stores only water in its hump ,but it does not,Instead,the camel stores something else there----food.The camel's hump is really a hump of fat.When the camel,often called"a ship of the desert",is not travelling and is in a place where there is plenty of food and water,it eats and drinks a lot. As it does so, its hump rises from the fat its body makes. Then when the camel is travelling through the desert and when there is little food,it can live off the stored fat.
A camel can go on for days or weeks with little feed or water.However its hunger reaches the point starvation ,its hump shrinks  and may even slip off its back and hang down its side.
Camels are not fussy  about what they eat.Thorny  plants don't hurt their mouths,grasses of any kinds will do and so will hay,dry grain,cactuses.(,,)
There are one--humpcamels and two--hump camels. Camels with one hump are calledArabian camels,mainly coming from North Africa. Camels with two humps are mainly from Asia.
The question is: Camels eat and drink a lot  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:after they finish their work
B:before they go to sleep
C:when they find much food and water
D:when they go through the desertThis is my school. There are many trees and flowers in it. It's very beautiful. The teaching building is big and tall. There is a big playground in our school. After 4:30 in the afternoon, many students come to the playground to play football and some students play table tennis in the table tennis room. There are 1,200 students and 25 classes in our school. The students all like to study. The teachers in our school are very good. They help the students to study and the students like them, too.
The question is: The school looks   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:small
B:old
C:nice
D:badIn the world, soccer (or football) is the most popular sport. This is because many countries have wonderful teams for the World Cup. The World Cup is held every four years.
To remember the 2002 FIFA World Cup, children from different countries and more than 60 children from different Japanese schools came together and spent three weeks drawing a big picture called"Dream   World Cup"in Japan. The children drew animals, flowers and people playing soccer under bright blue sky. They wished each football team good luck by drawing the flags   of all countries that would take part in the World Cup in Japan and South Korea. The picture was put up in a park near a playground in Yokohama.
Are you a football fan? The World Cup makes more and more people interested in football. Teenagers like playing and watching football. Many of them love some football stars so much that they get pictures of their favorite players such as, Figo, Oven and Pauleta. And they put the pictures up on the walls of their rooms. That is the way to show their love for the World Cup.
,.
The question is: If a country wants to take part in the World Cup, it must have   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:many football fans
B:a very good football team
C:many football players
D:a big playgroundTed Brown's dream as a child was an unusual one: he wanted to fly. What was more unusual was the way in which he made his dream come true.
After high school, he wanted to join the U. S. Air Force but he failed because of his poor eyesight. However, his dream remained.
At the age of 33, Ted was a truck driver in Los Angeles. One day, while sitting outside in his garden, he watched planes fly overhead and an idea came to him: to use balloons  to fly.
A few weeks later, Ted bought 42 huge balloons. He tied them to a chair and then he sat down in the chair with some beer, sandwiches and a gun. His plan was to fly to 10 meters above his garden, enjoy a few hours in the air, and then shoot some balloons with his gun to get back down. But things did not go as he planned.
Once his friends cut the ropes under Ted's chair, the 42 balloons flew into the sky at an astonishing speed until about 4000 meters above the ground with Ted and his chair. He didn't shoot any of the balloons because he was afraid he might break the balanee  of his "plane". Ted stayed in the sky with his beer and sandwiches for 14 hours, cold and frightened.
Planes heading towards Los Angeles' busy international airport reported the strange sight. And Ted' s balloons caused great danger to them. At last, Ted gathered his courage to shoot a few balloons and slowly landed on the ground, where many policemen were waiting for him.
Ted made his dream come true, but it cost him: he was fined  $ 1,500 for breaking the law about air safety.
When asked by a reporter why he had done it, Ted answered, "A man can't just sit around and do nothing; he should have his dream and go for it. "
The question is: He was fined $ 1,500 because
The possible answers are:
A:his balloons caused trouble to planes
B:he stayed too long in the air
C:he used too many balloons
D:he took a gun with himLast July, my 12-year-old car died on California's Santa Freeway. It was an hour before sunset, and I was 25 miles from home. I couldn't reach anyone to pick me up, so I decided to take a bus. Not knowing the routes, I thought I'd just go east.
A bus stopped. I got on and asked the driver how far she was going, "Ten more miles," she said. There was another bus I could take from there. This clearly was going to be a long night.
I got off at the end of the route and she told me which bus to look for. After waiting 30 minutes, I began to think about a very expensive taxi ride home. Then a bus came up. There was no lighted number above its windshield. It was out of service, but the door opened. It was the same driver.
"I just can't leave you here," she said. "This isn't the nicest place. I will give you a ride home."
"You will drive me home on the bus?" I asked, _ .
"No, I will take you in my car," she said.
"It's a long way," I insisted.
"Come on, " she said. "I have nothing else to do."
As we drove from the station in the car, she began telling me a story, A few days earlier, her brother had run out of gas. A good man picked him up, took him to a service station and then back to his car. "I'm just passing the favor  along," she said.
When I offered her money as a thank-you, she wouldn't accept. "Just do something nice for somebody. Pass it along," she said.
The question is: There was something wrong with the writer's car   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:late at night
B:early in the morning
C:an hour before sunset
D:thirty minutes after sunsetMy name is Bill. I'm an English boy. I'm in a high school. Sam is my good friend. He comes from Canada. He is 13. I'm 13, too. But we don't look the same. Miss Zhang is my English teacher. We don't know her age, but she looks young. She is not Sam's teacher. Miss Zhou is Sam's English teacher. Now please look at my photo. In the photo, Sam, Miss Zhang and I are all happy.
,.
The question is: Miss Zhang is   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:Sam's teacher
B:Sam's mom
C:old
D:Bill's teacherThis Thursday, across the USA, kids are skipping school  and going to work with their parents. They'll be making copies, sending faxes  and sweeping floors. This is because April 28 is Take Our Sons and Daughters to Work Day all over the USA. This holiday shows kids what it means to be a grown-up in the working world.
I still remember when this day started, I was very happy. Not only did I have the chance to miss school, but I also got to sit in my dad's taxi all day long and we would go to a restaurant for lunch.
But after only 20 minutes of driving around the city, I was very bored. couldn't read my book in the car as I would get carsick  and my dad didn't like to turn on the radio. I got hot and uncomfortable. People wouldn't get into his taxi because they thought he already had a passenger-me, so nothing happened. It seemed years before we went out for lunch. I actually started to miss school.
While the point of the day is to give kids a chance to experience real-life jobs and give them an idea of the possibilities   for their futures, I got something completely different from the day. I learned to appreciate   school. Where else do you get to play with your friends, do science experiments, read great books and write stories all in one day?
Just as you'll have to learn to love your job later in life, learn to love school now. If you don't already, try spending the day at work with your dad.
The question is: What did the writer learn that day?
The possible answers are:
A:It's boring to drive a taxi.
B:Working with Dad is fun.
C:It's hard to make money.
D:School life is much better.Last month the manager of a jewelry shop   received a letter. As he was very busy then, the letter lay on his desk till tea-time. He opened it and a 10-pound note  fell out onto the desk. Within the note was a letter which said:
Dear sir:
In 1935 I got engaged . But unfortunately I lost my job. At the time a lot of people were out of work. Six months later I got a job again, but of course I was very short of money. I came to your shop to buy a wedding ring . The assistant took out some rings for me to look at, but she was called away for a moment, and I put one of the rings in my pocket. When she came back, I said I didn't know the size of my girl's finger. So I left the shop without buying a ring. My wife died a short while ago and the fact that I never paid for the ring has been heavy in my heart all these years. At that time, the ring cost 2 pounds so I think it is 10 pounds at today's price and I'm sending 10 pounds.
Yours truly,
A customer
The question is: Which of the following is Not true?
The possible answers are:
A:The customer was poor at that time.
B:The ring was bigger for his girl friend.
C:The shop assistant was careless.
D:The customer was too poor to buy a ring for his girl friend.Mark Twain, the famous American writer, was traveling in France. Once he was going by train to Dijon. That afternoon he was very tired and wanted to sleep, so he asked the conductor to wake him up when they came to Dijon. But first he explained that he was a very heavy sleeper. "I'll probably protest loudly when you try to wake me up," he said to the conductor, "but do not take any notice, just put me off the train anyway."
Then Mark Twain went to sleep. Later, when he woke up, it was night-time and the train was in Paris already. He realized at once that the conductor had forgotten to wake him up at Dijon. He was very angry. He ran up to the conductor and began to shout at him."I have never been so angry in all my life," Mark Twain said.
The conductor looked at him calmly. "You are not half so angry as the American whom I put off at Dijon," he said.
The question is: Who' s Mark Twain?    _
The possible answers are:
A:A French writer.
B:A famous artist.
C:An American writer.
D:A traveler.A little knowledge can make a difference at a time of life or death. Do you know what to do if you find yourself in an earthquake?
lf you are inside:
Quickly move under a strong desk, a strong table or along a wall. You can also go into a small room like the bathroom. This will protect you from falling things. Do not get into a lift.
Don't stand near windows, large mirrors, heavy furniture of fireplaces.
If you're outside:
Move away from buildings and streetlights. These could fall on you. Squat  and protect your head until the shaking stops.
After the earthquake:
Check, take care of injuries and help make sure people around you are all right. Watch out for _ .
Protect yourself by wearing long pants, a long-sleeved shirt and strong shoes. Listen to tile radio for the latest information.
The question is: If you are in a tall building when an earthquake happens, you'd better  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:run into a lift
B:not stay in the bathroom
C:stand near large mirrors
D:not stand near windowsMost Americans enjoy moving from place to place. For example, they often drive their cars 120 to 160 kilometres away just to have dinner with a friend or even fly to London or Paris just to watch a football match. In some states only one person in five lives in a place for more than five years. One may be born in one city, and go to school in another. He may finish his middle school in two or three cities, and then go to college far across the country. When he begins to work, he may possibly move from job to job. Moving from one job to another, which is called "job-hopping", can be seen in many places in the United States.
Job-hopping does good to workers because every change of a job gives them a chance to get better pay. And job-hopping also gives bosses the chance to get new ideas and skills from him or her.
The question is: From this passage, we can see Americans often travel to   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:have dinner with their friends
B:go shopping
C:watch a football game
D:enjoy themselvesFor many people of Norway ,skiing  is the best way to have fun in winter. Almost everyone can ski. Children learn to ski after they learn to walk. Long long ago in Norway ,there were no buses, trains or cars. People had to find a way to walk over the deep snow. Skis were the right answer!
Although they love winter, the people of Norway are also happy to see summer come. They enjoy the out-door activities at any time of the year. In summer they swim and sunbathe near the beach. Some people go hiking and go mountain climbing. Sail-boating is also very popular during the warm sunny summer months.
The Norwegians , like people everywhere, find many in-door ways to have a good time. During the long winter they also enjoy movies. They like to read books from the libraries in all seasons . Family life is very important to the people of Norway.
The question is: In winter,   _   is the most popular sport for Norwegians to have a good time.
The possible answers are:
A:skiing.
B:skating
C:swimming
D:shopping"Listen carefully to what I say,"  the time traveler said, "I shall tell you something that you will not agree."
"Why will we not agree?" I asked.
"Because the science and mathematics you know are not correct,"  he said. "You believe there are only three dimensions -length, breadth  and thickness."
"There is nothing to argue with that, "  the youngest member of our little group said.
"Exactly!"  the time traveler answered, "But there is also a fourth dimension - time."
"We all know about time, " another member of the group said. "Time passed."
"I do not agree,"  the time traveler said, "Length, breadth and thickness do not pass. They stay in the same place in space.  We move about them. I can prove that time is the same. It does not pass. We move in time the same way that we move in breadth, length and thickness."
None of us believed the time traveler, and we argued with him for many hours.
"If we could travel back in time,"  the scientist said, "We could do things to change the future."
"If we could travel forward in time," the doctor  said, "we could do things that change our present."
The time traveler smiled, "It is clear," he said, "that there is only one way I can show you that I am right. We must do an experiment. Please wait here."
He left the room and soon returned, carrying what looked like a clock.
"This is a model of a time machine. It took me two years to make it," the time traveler said. "I want all of you to understand that when I start the machine, it will immediately travel in time and disappear from the present."
He turned to the youngest of all. "Give me your hand," he said.
The young man put out his hand. The time traveler took it and placed it on the machine. Immediately, there was a sudden wind, and the little machine disappeared.
I was certain this was not a trick, but the doctor was not so sure.
"Are you asking us to believe," he said, "that the machine is now in a different time?"
"Certainly! In my laboratory, a full-size machine is almost complete. As soon as it is complete, I shall send myself on a journey through time. Would you like to see my machine?"
"Are you serious about this?" the doctor asked.
"I have never been more serious about anything," the time traveler said, "Come."
We followed him to his laboratory. There, we saw the actual machine, not quite complete, but large enough for a man to sit in.
The question is: How long did it take the time traveler to make his model time machine?
The possible answers are:
A:Two years.
B:Two months.
C:Twenty years.
D:All his life.There is a photo on Becky's desk. It is a picture of her family. There are four people in it.
The man is her father. He is thirty-eight. He can speak Chinese. There is a woman behind Becky. She is Becky's mother. She is thirty-seven. She can't speak Chinese, but she speaks English. They're teachers. They work in a school. There is a boy in the picture, too. He is Becky's brother. His name is Jack. He is twelve. He can skate  and ride a bike. He has an American friend. Her name is Betty. Becky and her brother are in the same school, but they aren't in the same grade. They look like their mother. They are English. It's a big family.
,.
The question is: Jack's friend is   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:American
B:Japanese
C:English
D:ChineseThe American book Who Moved My Cheese has been a best seller all over the world. It teaches people how to face changes in their lives. It is just for teens. The book tells us that when facing change in our life, like a new school or new friends, don't be afraid. Use this change to make a better life.
The book gives an example of a change at school. A school is changing from having two terms to three terms because there are too many students. Several teens are talking about this. Most of them are unhappy and worried. But Chris is not. He laughs and tells a story about two mice, two"little people"and some cheese.
The four are in a maze looking for  The cheese. Here, cheese means some thing important in life. But they find the cheese is gone. The mice realize that they can't change what has happened and have to find more cheese. This means finding different dreams. The little people can't do this. They are afraid of change so they find no cheese.
After Chris finishes the story, the friends understand one thing:to get more cheese, move in a new direction quickly. His friends understand how this can be used in the changes all teens face, such as doing well at school or feeling good about yourself.
The question is: The book Who Moved My Cheese wants  to teach us  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:how to find the cheese
B:how to face changes
C:how to make a better life
D:how to do well in our studyIt's hard to make friends if you stay at home alone all the time. Get out of house and do things that will put you in touch with other people. It's easier to make friends when you have similar interests.
Don't be afraid to show people what you're really good at. Talk about things you like and do best. People will be interested in you if there is something interesting about you.
Look at people in the eyes when you talk to them. That way , they'll find it easier to talk to you.
Be a good listener. Let people talk about themselves before talking about "me ,me, me"
Try to make friends with the kinds of people you really like, respect and admire ,not just with those who we are easy to meet. Be friends with a  lot of people .That way ,you 'll have a bigger group of people to choose and have more chances for making friends.
The question is: How can we have more friends?
The possible answers are:
A:Get in touch with other people.
B:Stay at home
C:Only surf the Internet.
D:Often make telephone calls to others.I am a Chinese boy. My name is Li Lei. I am twelve. My sister's name is Li Mei. She's Fourteen. Li Mei and I are students. We like school.   My mother is a teacher. She is a teacher of English. My father is a policeman. My young brother's name is Li Hong. He is only four. We all like him.
The question is: How many brothers does Li Lei have?
The possible answers are:
A:Three.
B:Two.
C:One.
D:Four.The Greens are English. Now they are in Beijing. This is their first visit to China. They are going to stay in China for three weeks. They want to visit some big cities and villages. They want to learn some Chinese.
Mr Green is driver. He likes driving in Beijing very much. Mrs Green is a teacher. She is visiting a middle school near Beijing. Their son Jim is a middle school student. He meets some Chinese students, and he likes to speak English with them.
They take a lot of photos in China. When they are back in English, they are going to show the photos to their friends. They want the English people to know more about China.
The question is: The Greens take many photos in China because they  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:like taking photos
B:want to sell these photos
C:want to take photos to America
D:want English people to know more about ChinaMy name is Frank White. I'm fifteen years old. I was born  on May 13th, 1996. Mike is my good friend. His birthday is on May 15th. He is only 13 years old now. Every year on May 14th, we have a birthday party together in our school. We often have a pop concert  . I play the guitar. He plays the drum. Many friends come to our party. We are very happy.
The question is: Mike is   _   years old.
The possible answers are:
A:13
B:14
C:15
D:16Teenage life is interesting, adventurous  and difficult. Teenagers have to go through many problems. It may probably be a family problem or a school problem. It is important to learn how to deal with those problems.
Be grateful  of your parents' support. When you have a problem, ask your parents to support you. When a child is thirteen, he feels like he has grown up. As a part of a family, teenagers do not want their parents to involve in their personal activities and they think they are able to be independent .
It is very normal and parents should also cooperate  with their kids. They should try to get to know what their child needs. Sometimes a child may be hesitating  to tell something but they should try to know what the matter is. Parents' support is the greatest support for a teenager.
Learn to live in society. Society plays a very important role in everyone's life. What teenagers see from society has a big influence on their characters.
As a teenager, you should know what is wrong and what is right. Never be impatient in making a decision. Always keep cool and calm , take advice from your parents and you will make a good decision. Don't let the bad things of society influence you. Instead, get to learn good things from society.
Learn from school. School is like a second home. We learn a lot from our school, and at the same time, it is the hardest part of a teenager's life.
*First are the studies. You should know what you want to do. Don't come under pressure in making choices.
*Learn to take your own stand . If you don't do well in exams, don't feel broken. Be strong-minded and spend more time on your studies.
*Share your problems with your friends. Your friends are always ready to help. If you are confused in your life, talk about what all you've done and what you want to do with your friends.
The question is: When teenagers make a decision, they should  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:know their parents needs
B:be impatient
C:do it by themselves
D:keep calmDick lived in England. One day in January he said to his wife, "I'm going to fly to New York next week because I've got some work there." "Where are you going to stay there?" his wife asked. "I don't know yet." Dick answered. "Please send me your address from there in a telegram  ." His wife said. "All right," Dick answered.
He flew to New York on January 31stand found a nice hotel in the center of the city. He put his things in his room and then he sent his wife a telegram. He put the address of his hotel in it.
In the evening he didn't have any work, so he went to a cinema. He came out at nine o'clock and said, "Now I'm going back to my hotel and have a nice dinner."
He found a taxi and the driver said, "Where do you want to go?" But Dick didn't remember the name and address of his hotel.
"Which hotel are my things in?" he said, "And what am I going to do tonight?" But the driver of the taxi did not know. So Dick got out and went into a post office. There he sent his wife another telegram, and in it he wrote, "Please send me my address to this post office."
,,.
The question is: Which of the following is Not TRUE?
The possible answers are:
A:Dick stayed at a nice hotel in the center of the city.
B:Dick didn't work on the first night when he arrived at the hotel.
C:Dick forgot to send his wife a telegram.
D:Dick wanted to go back to his hotel in a taxi.Hello! I'm Susan. Look at this picture. You can see a big sofa next to(...) the wall. My parents like to sit on it to read books , and sometimes  they meet some friends there. There are two plants near the sofa. They're nice. What's that on the wall? Oh, it's a new TV. I often watch TV on weekends . Can you see some fishes  in that big box? I like to play with them after school . Where's my dog Billy? Is it on the floor? No, it's under a chair! Do you like it?
The question is: Susan's parents  _  on the sofa.
The possible answers are:
A:watch TV
B:play with fish
C:read books
D:meet friendsWe are learning English, but how can we learn English well? A student can know a lot about English, but maybe he can't speak English.
If you want to know how to swim, you must get into the river. And if you want to be a football player, you must play football. So, you see, you can learn by using it. You must listen to your teacher carefully in class. You must speak English to your classmates every day and also you must write something in English. Then one day you may find your English is very good.
The question is: The best title for the passage is"  _  ".
The possible answers are:
A:How to swim
B:To be a good player
C:How to study English well
D:To learn English well is importantWe moved to a new area when our son was in Grade Five. Before we moved, we took him to spend half a day at his new school. There he saw his new classmates and teachers. He enjoyed the visit. During the almost 150-kilometre drive home, he told us that he had told some of the students the dace when we would move there. And he had also invited them to visit us.
The moving day, a Saturday, was a busy day. We arrived at our new house at noon. About an hour later, kids began to come and soon one of them invited our son to his house to play for the afternoon.
By the time he returned, he knew where most of the kids lived and the histories of their families.
On Monday morning, the doorbell rang just before the time he would leave for school. Then it rang again and again.
By the time he was ready, we had eight young boys waiting to walk to school with him on his first day. They all live near us.
I asked them if their parents had sent them. The answers surprised and pleased me, "No, we just came so that he would have someone to walk with." and "It is the right thing to do."
The friendships were formed  from that day. We have lived here for nearly six years and the same group of kids still play together, go to parties on weekends together, and surfing the Internet together.
I am still thinking how welcoming and kind those kids are. And how lucky my son is to have them as friends.
The question is: Why did the doorbell ring again and again on Monday morning?
The possible answers are:
A:Because no one answered it.
B:Because it was time for school.
C:Because kids were coming one by one.
D:Because there was something wrong with it.There is a saying that the British like a nice cup of tea in the morning and a nice cup of tea at night. And at half past seven, their idea of heaven is a nice cup of tea. They like a nice cup of tea with their dinner and a nice cup of tea time, and before they go to bed, there is a lot to be said about a nice cup of tea!
Sometime it seems that no one likes tea as much as the British does. But in fact, tea is liked in countries around the world. In China and Japan tea was first used as a medicine, many years later, people there drank tea as a beverage .
People in the world like to drink different kinds of tea -- green, black or red as some people call it. It is served in different ways. But they all know that drinking tea is good for one's health.
The question is: This passage mainly tells us   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:people in different countries like drinking different tea
B:something interesting about tea
C:how many kinds of tea there are in the world
D:drinking tea is good for our healthHow often one hears children wishing they were grown-ups, and old people wishing they were young again. Each age has its pleasures and its pains , and the happiest person is the one who enjoys what each age gives him without wasting his time in useless regrets .
Childhood is a time when there are few responsibilities  to make life difficult. If a child has good parents, he is fed, looked after and loved, whatever he may do. It is impossible that he will ever again in his life be given so much without having to do anything in return. What's more, life is always giving new things to the child--- things that have lost their interest for older people because they are too well-known. But a child has his pains: he is not so free to do what he wishes to do; he is repeatedly being told not do something or being punished for what he has wrongly done.
When a young man starts to earn his own living, he can no longer expect others to pay for his food, his clothes, and his room, but has to work if he wants to live comfortably. If he spends most of his time playing about in the way he used to as a child, he will go hungry. And if he breaks the laws of society  as he used to break the laws of his parents, he may go to prison. If, however, he worked hard, keeps out of trouble and has good health, he can have the greatest happiness of building up for himself his own position  in society.
The question is: What is the main idea of the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:Life is not enjoyable since each age had some pains.
B:Young men can have the greatest happiness if they work hard.
C:Childhood is the most enjoyable time in one's life.
D:One is the happiest if he can make good use of each age in his life.The 31st Summer Olympics will be held in Brazil in 2016. Before this global sporting event, we started thinking about sports that didn't exist any more and sports that were maybe a little strange. Read the following ones that have ever been included in the past Olympic Games.
Live Pigeon Shooting (1900)
This bloody event was only held once, at the 1900 Paris Games. Nearly 300 birds were killed during the competition, leaving a crime scene of feathers and blood. This is the only event in Olympic history that involved killing live animals.
Kabaddi (1936)
This sport is popular in South Asia. The object is for one member of a team to enter the other side's half of the field, and score points. The attacker then returns to his half of the field.
12 Hour Bicycle Race (1896)
Seven riders got on their bikes at 5 a.m. and rode until 5 p.m. Four riders dropped out before noon, but the winner, Adolf Schmal of Austria, managed about 180 miles. Only Schmal and one other finished.
Tug of War (1900--1920)
This may seem like a basic PE class sport more than an Olympic event, but Tug of War was actually one of the first sports played at the Olympic games in 500 BC.
There are two teams of eight; the winning team must pull the other team six feet forward.
Swimming Obstacle Race (1900)
The athletes had to climb over a pole   and a row of boats, and then swim under another row of boats. All of this was done in the Seine River, so they also had to fight against the water. This event was only ever held in 1900, in Paris.
The question is: Which sport looks like a common activity more than an Olympic event?
The possible answers are:
A:Swimming Obstacle Race.
B:12 Hour Bicycle Race.
C:Live Pigeon Shooting.
D:Tug of War.The greatest saleswoman in the world today doesn't mind if you call her a girl. That's because Markita Andrews has got more than eight thousand dollars selling Girl Scout cookies since she was seven years old.
Going door-to-door after school, the terribly shy Markita changed herself into the cookie-selling dynamo .
It starts with great wish.
For Markita and her mother, whose husband left them when Markita was eight years old, their dream was to travel the world. "I'll work hard to make enough money to send you to college," her mother said one day. "When you leave college, you'll make enough money to take you and me around the world. Okay?"
So at the age of 13 when Markita read in her Girl Scout magazine that the Scout who sold the most cookies would win a free trip for two around the world, she decided to sell all the Girl Scout cookies she could--more Girl Scout cookies than anyone in the world, ever.
Wish, however, alone is not enough. To make her dream come true, Markita knew she needed a plan.
"When you are doing business, wear your Girl Scout clothes when you go up to people in their building, " her aunt told her. "Always smile, whether they buy something or not and always be nice."
Lots of other Scouts may have wanted that trip around the world, but only Markita went off in her own uniform each day after school, ready to ask--and keep asking--people to help in her dream.
Markita sold 3,526 boxes of Girl Scout cookies that year and won her trip around the world. Since then, she has sold more than 42,000 boxes of Girl Scout cookies.
Markita is no cleverer than thousands of other people, with dreams of their own. The difference is that many people fail before they even begin. They fear that they will be refused. This fear leads many of us to refuse ourselves and prevents us from getting where we have set off for long before anyone else ever has the chance--no matter what we are selling.
"It takes courage to ask for what you want," she said. "Courage is not that you don't have fear. It means doing what it takes although you have a fear of it".
The question is: Which of the following is the best title for the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:The Greatest Saleswoman in the World.
B:A Successful Girl in Selling.
C:The Secret of Selling.
D:Girl Scout Cookies.Mrs Elise was my teacher in the fourth grade. One day at lunch time, I was getting ready to eat my tuna fish   sandwich and suddenly Mrs Elise asked me if she could buy my sandwich from me. She explained that I could use the money to buy a hot hunch from the cafeteria  .
I was excited. I never bought my lunch at the cafeteria. It was too expensive for my family, and I always carried my lunch and took the bag back home to use it again the next day. So you could understand my happiness when I had the chance to buy a hot lunch.
When we finished lunch that day, Mrs Elise took me aside and said she wanted to explain why she had bought my sandwich. I really didn't care why, but it gave me a few minutes of her special attention, so I was quiet as she explained. She told me that she was a Catholic  and Catholics didn't eat red meat on Fridays, they ate fish on Fridays.
Oh, I couldn't wait to get home and tell my mother that from then on I wanted a tuna fish sandwich on Fridays. After my mother understood why, she gladly made tuna fish sandwiches for me on Fridays. She even made it with brown bread because she knew Mrs Elise liked brown bread. From then on, every Friday I could get in line with other kids for a hot lunch. I didn't care how many of the kids complained about cafeteria food. It tasted _ to me!
I realize now that Mrs Elise could have made herself tuna fish sandwiches on Fridays. But she bought mine because she saw a little girl who was excited at the simple act of having a hot lunch.
I will never forget Mrs Elise for her pity for me and generosity   and what I should do is to follow her example.
The question is: From this passage we know  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:Mrs Elise was the best friend of the writer
B:the writer came from a poor family
C:many or the writer's classmates liked cafeteria food
D:the writer like to eat tuna fish sandwiches on FridaysEach person has his own way to have fun. Some like sports. Some like playing chess or cards. But a large number of people enjoy listening to music.
Nowadays, music has become an important part of our life. We can listen to music on CDs, on radio or on TV. Also, we can search the Internet to find the song we like. It's the easiest way to enjoy the music that we like. Also we can download  our favorite songs from the Internet for free. If we have a Walkman  ,we can hear music everywhere. It can give us pleasure if we are sad. It can cheer us up, too. When we are tired, it can make us relaxed.
Different people like different kinds of music. Young people like pop music. Maybe old people like gentle and quiet music. Different music can express different feelings. When we are happy, we like to listen to jubilant   music. When we are unhappy, we want to hear soft music. We need different kinds of music in different _ We can get different feelings from music. Music is the best friend of human beings. We can't imagine what life would be like without music.
The question is: Which of the following is TRUE?
The possible answers are:
A:No one likes playing chess.
B:There are different kinds of music.
C:Listening to music can make us more tired.
D:Old people don't like music at all.Hello! I'm Mark Smith. I'm an American boy. I'm 12 years old. This is my little sister, Ann . She is five. My family are in China now. Because my father and my mother work in China. They are English teachers. They work hard. The students all like them.
Now I'm a middle school student. I have a friend at school. He's a Chinese boy. He's very good. His name is Huang Long. His English name is Bill. But I don't know his family name. Can you tell me?
The question is: Huang Long's family name is  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:Long
B:Bill
C:Smith
D:HuangEverybody wants to be healthy.You know food is very important.There is much healthy food.You can have more bananas,apples,oranges and tomatoes because fruit and vegetables are good for you.But don't eat too much chocolate.It's not healthy food.Healthy food can make you grow and make you strong and happy.Remember there is a saying,"An apple a day keeps a doctor away."Sports can also keep you healthy.Get up early and do some sports every day.Don't be lazy !You will be healthy and happy.
The question is: .What's the best title for this passage ?  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:Fruit and vegetables.
B:Healthy food.
C:Healthy food and sports.
D:Sports.One day, five blind men were walking along, when suddenly they bumped into something very big in front of them. Each one put out his hand and _ it. The first man thought it was a tree ---it was tall and round. The second man felt something tall and wide and rough  and said, "Aha! This must be a wall !" The third man touched a very long smooth thing. He guessed this was a spear  .Then the fourth man said, "I feel cool. There must be a fan up there. Oh, yes! Here it is!" He touched something big and round that was moving. What did the fifth man find? Well, he started shouting that he was being chased  by a snake.
Each man was sure he knew what he had touched, but they were wrong. They finally understood the mystery when the big thing attempted  to move, and they felt silly because everything they had touched belonged to an elephant.
The question is: What does the story tell us?
The possible answers are:
A:Don't believe blind people.
B:Blind men easily make mistakes.
C:Don't judge the whole based on only one part.
D:Everyone makes mistakes.The English language is different from any other language. Yet English words do not stay the same. The language is always changing. We need new words for new inventions and new ideas. Different words come into use, or older words are used in a new way.
English can change by borrowing words from other languages. Tomato was borrowed from Mexico and pajamas from Indian. The word coffee came from Turkey, and tea came from China. Now new space and science words are being borrowed from other countries, too.
New words are also made by adding two words together. Strawberry, popcorn, and grandfather are words made up of two parts.
Sometimes new words are shorter forms of older words. The word photo was made from photograph by cutting off the end of the longer word. Plane was made by cutting off the front part of airplane. Smog was made by using only the first two and last two letters from the words smoke and fog.
The names of people and products can become new words. Our sandwich was named after a man named Sandwich. Scotch Tape, Band-aid and Jello were names made up by the companies that first made the products.
,.
The question is: This passage is mainly about   _   .
The possible answers are:
A:naming new words
B:borrowing words from other languages
C:the old English
D:the development of the English languageAt EF--English First, we provide the best English language training program available, and teachers are at the heart of our learning center. EF has over 120 schools in 50 cities, and is a very popular name in China. EF is looking for native English speakers with teaching experience to help Chinese people learn English well. While teaching English with EF, you will continue to develop as a teaching profession while experiencing life in this great nation.
As soon as you walk into an EF school, you will understand why creating a welcoming learning environment is important for us to teach English. Our schools have modern well-equipped  classrooms, computer labs, and teaching preparation areas. Our teachers receive a complete modern teaching program to prepare themselves to teach our high standards. And they've got high salary.
EF was set up a year before 1965 with the duty to "break down barriers  in language, culture and geography". It has helped over 15 million students to learn a new language and travel abroad.
The question is: What's the main purpose of the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:To provide the best English language training.
B:To ask more English speakers to China.
C:To employ native English teachers to teach in China.
D:To make people learn about EFOnce there was a little girl in a village. She spent summers on her grandfather's farm. The year she was four, she knew some ducks. The ducks were white with orange feet. They lived in a little wooden  house near the road. The little girl liked these ducks very much.
Every day they walked down the road to the pond . The ducks went into the water. The little girl sat on the bank  and saw them swimming in the pond. The little girl talked to the ducks and they _ back to her.
Then one day the ducks were gone. No one would say anything about them. The little girl was afraid to ask where they were. One night everyone sat down for dinner. The food looked a little like chicken. The girl didn't want to eat. Can you guess why?
,,2B.
The question is: The story is mainly about   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:eating chicken
B:sitting by the pond
C:living on a farm
D:a little girl and ducksStudying abroad is an amazing experience, especially when you come to Australia as an overseas(  ) high school student. You can have a lot of fun here, especially on holidays.
There are many festivals in Australia. The most important one is obviously Christmas. Each year, the summer holidays at every high school last about two months from the beginning of December to February, which covers the Christmas time. Since it is a long holiday, most overseas students love to fly back to their home countries to spend the time with their families and friends, but a few students still stay in Australia during the holiday to get part-time jobs. It is quite easy to find a part-time job at Christmas. Students often take part in another major social activity. They go to the beach to have fun in the sunshine. The summer in Australia is from December to February, so going to the beach in December is very popular among Australians.
Easter in March is another important holiday in the year. It actually combines  "Good Friday" and "Easter Monday". Almost every shop closes on Good Friday. And people usually go to see Easter Show.
The Chinese New year is not a public holiday in Australia, so every Chinese student still has to go to school to study and do his or her normal duties.
The question is: In Australia, you can spend Christmas  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:in winter
B:in March
C:in summer
D:in JanuaryFor the first time in Singapore, it's snowing. Visitors to Singapore will be amazed by the technology that brings winter to you on this tropical   island.
All visitors can have cool winter fun in Snow City, Singapore's first indoor snow center. Visitors can see and touch snow falling. Of course, it's more than just touching and feeling snow. You can enjoy exciting snow rides or skiing on snowboard. You can also build your own real snowman and have snowball fights filled with fun and learn about life in cold climates.
Snow City is about family-based fun and is suitable for all ages. Join us and step into Snow City today.
How to get there:
21Jurong Town Hall Road, Snow City Building, Singapore 609433
Tel: 63371511
Bus services: No. 66, No. 178, No.198
Price: Adults: $18; Children: $12
Opening Hours: Tuesday--Sunday: 10:30 am--6:30 pm
Notice:
No phone booking.
For updated information, please visit our website www.snowcity.com.sg.
The question is: Snow City is   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:just a small city in Singapore
B:a place where people can go surfing
C:Singapore's first indoor snow center
D:a place where the weather is coldA boy who was cleaning shoes in the street said to a young man passing by, "Let me clean your shoes." The young man said, "No, thank you." "You may pay me only a pound, sir," said the boy. But the young man refused  again. Then the boy told him that he would clean his shoes for nothing. The young man agreed to this, and soon one of his shoes was shining brightly. The man put the other shoe on the boy, but the boy refused to clean it unless  he was paid two pounds for his work. The young man refused to pay anything and went away. But the dirty one looked so bad that he couldn't walk away. He had to turn back and gave the boy two pounds. In a very short time his shoes shone brightly.
The question is: At first the young man refused to clean his shoes, because   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:he couldn't pay
B:he had not enough money
C:he didn't think it necessary
D:he had just cleaned his shoesTom and his cousin took a boat trip. When they got on the boat, every passenger  should answer the keeper a question. If the passenger answered "yes", he or she got one gift; if the passenger answered "no", he or she got two gifts. Tom and his cousin saw all about this. Now it was their turn. The keeper came up to them and asked, "Are you _ ?" Tom wanted to get two gifts, so he answered "no" loudly, at the same time he said, "I have never been a sailor, how could I be a good sailor." The keeper gave him two gifts. His cousin gave the same answer, so, he got two gifts too.
The boat started off. The passengers began to open their gifts. Tom and his cousin did the same. They found that one of the two gifts was a small bottle of drinking water, the other was a seasick tablet  . Tom had a look at a "yes"-passenger's gift. His was a nice chocolate. Tom shouted at the keeper, "We are never seasick. Why do you give us seasick tablets?"
The question is: Tom and his cousin   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:went to eat chocolate
B:went on a trip by boat
C:worked for the keeper
D:needed a bottle of drinking waterHave you felt annoyed when a mobile phone rings during the class? Something must be done to stop this. Now in New York City, USA, a rule is carried out* in schools. Students can't even bring mobile phones to school. Is it a good thing or not?
Anxious* parents say that mobile phones are an important tool* in holding New York City's families together.
"I worry about it," said Elizabeth Lorris Ritter, a mother of a middle school kid. "It's necessary in our everyday life. We have a washing machine*, we have running water, and we have mobile phones. A number of Americans think mobile phones connect* them to children on buses, getting out from subways, walking through unknown* places.
"I have her call me when she gets out school," said Lindsay Walt, a schoolgirl's mother. "No one in New York is going to let their children go to school without a mobile phone.
What about the mobile phone owners, the students? Most of the students said that mobile phones were necessary and the mobile phone was like an extra* hand or foot for them.
"I feel so bored," said May Chom, 14. "There is also no way to listen to music on the way to school without my phone. It will be a really, really boring trip.
The question is: Elizabeth Lorris Ritter is worried that   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:students are not allowed to bring mobile phones
B:students spend too much time in listening to music on the mobile phones
C:students bring mobile phones to school and they often ring during the class
D:no rule is carried out to stop students from bringing mobile phones to schoolBeijing is the capital of China. It is also one of the birthplaces of the Chinese civilization   and one of the six ancient capital cities in China. It is the second biggest city with an area of 17,020 square kilometers. Beijing is changing every day and it is becoming more and more beautiful. Now there are a lot of new buildings, modern shopping malls and large markets.
In the past, Beijing was very clean and quiet and most people went to work or school by bike. Things have changed a lot. Now people can take the bus, the underground or the taxi to go to work or school. It is fast and convenient.
The changes in Beijing have brought many advantages but they have also caused some problems: air pollution, noise pollution, sandstorms and lots of traffic.
The question is: How many ancient capital cities are there in China?
The possible answers are:
A:one
B:five
C:six
D:sevenDISNEY's theme park, its first on the Chinese mainland, Shanghai Disneyland, has already been completed, and will open its doors on June 16, 2016. "Six is a lucky number to Chinese people," the Walt Disney Company said.
Shanghai Disneyland will host an opening celebration to welcome its first guests. At the opening, it will hold more Chinese-style activities instead of Western-style ones, because the host wants to show China's local traditional culture. "We have prepared a three-day celebration and are hiring more than 8,000 actors," Philippe Gas, Shanghai Disneyland's general manager, told Shanghai Television yesterday.
So why has Disneyland been so popular? Well, it's described as "the Happiest Place on Earth" and "a place for the young and young at heart". Disney's storytelling in rides like roller coasters is a big reason for their parks' success. "We tell a story in everything we do," Pressler said.
However, Disney's parks haven't always been popular everywhere. When Disneyland Paris opened in 1992, some French people felt that American culture was invading  France. But still, the park stayed open and today it is a popular place for European visitors.
The question is: Why did the company decide to open on the date of "June 16, 2016"?
The possible answers are:
A:Because that day is quite close to the summer holiday.
B:Because the opening celebration won't be ready until that day.
C:Because the number SIX is considered to be "lucky" in China.
D:Because Shanghai Disneyland won't be completed until that day.Good morning. My name is Eric. This is my schoolbag. What color is it? It's blue and white. And what's this in English? It's a pen. It is a black pen. This is a ruler. It's yellow.
The question is: The ruler is   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:green
B:white
C:yellow
D:purpleMr. and Mrs. Brown were going abroad for their holiday. They had a lovely dog called Blackie, but they could not take it abroad with them, so they had to look for a good place to leave it while they were away, and at last they found a place which looked after dogs very well while their owners were away. They left Blackie there just before they started for their holiday.
At the end of their holiday, they came back to Sydney very late at night, and as they thought that the place where Blackie was staying might be closed at that late hour, they decided to wait until the next morning.
So the next morning Mr. Brown got into his car and drove off happily to meet Blackie. When he got home with the dog, he said to his wife, "Do you know, dear, I don't think Blackie enjoyed his stay at that place very much. He barked(,) all the way home in the car as if he wanted to tell me something."
Mrs. Brown looked at the dog carefully and then answered, "You are quite right, dear. He was certainly trying to tell you something. But he wasn't trying to tell you that he hadn't enjoyed his stay at that place. He was only trying to tell you that you were bringing the wrong dog home."
The question is: The dog barked on the way because it   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:was hungry
B:was ill
C:didn't enjoy its stay
D:didn't know Mr. BrownThe Best Shopping In Sydney
Sydney is one of the world's biggest cities and has something for everyone when it comes to shopping. You will find excellent Australian products alongside the best that the world has to offer. At the bottom of Sydney Tower, you can shop in 160 of Sydney's favorite stores including 16 jewelry stores and many gift and fashion shops. It's all at Westfield Centerpoint.
Tel: 9231-9300
SOVEREIGN HILL
This prize-winning living museum is where Australia's history comes alive! Visit daily or stay for the night and experience life of the Fold Rush days. A wonderful nightly sound and light show, Blood on the Southern Cross, tells the story of the famous Eureka Uprising. Enjoy shopping along with real life character and entertainment. 4-star hotel and breakfast.
Tel: 5331-1944
ANCHORAGE RESTAURANT
Come and enjoy our delicious Cantonese seafood right on the water's edge in the historic fishing port of Williamstown with views of the city center across Port Phillip Bay. Open 7 days a week.
Lunch: Sunday to Friday11:00am--2:00pm
Dinner: Monday to Saturday 5:00am--10:30pm
Tel: 9397-6270 or 9397-7799
COOK'S COTTAGE
Built by James and Grace Cook, parents of Captain James Cook, Cook's Cottage stands proud in the Fitzroy Gradens as a reminder of life in the eighteenth century, and as a celebration and commemoration of the life and travels of Captain James Cook.
Open 9:00am--5:00pm daily, and until 5:30 pm during the summer.
Information: 9419-4677
The question is: If you want to buy the best products in Australia, you may call  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:9397-6270
B:9231-9300
C:5331-1944
D:94194677Almost every Chinese person can recite  the two lines of the famous poem, " _ ". But sadly, many of us don't actually get the real meaning of these lines: Don't waste food.
A CCTV program reported that the food Chinese people throw away every year is enough to feed 200 million people for a year. Do we have too much food? Absolutely not. According to the UN World Food Program, there were 925 million hungry people around the world in 2011, especially in developing countries. Six million children die of hunger every year.
Chinese people are well-known for being friendly and generous. Many even feel that they lose face if their guests have eaten all the food on the table. Luckily, a number of people have realized the importance of saving food. What should we do in our daily lives to waste less food?
1. Don't order too much in a restaurant. Only order as much as you want to eat. If you cannot eat all the food you ordered, take the rest of it home.
2. Don't leave any food in your bowls while having meals.
3. Keep an eye on what food you have at home. Don't buy too much, especially for vegetables and fruit.
The question is: What's the main idea of this passage?
The possible answers are:
A:Don't waste food.
B:Chinese people are friendly and generous.
C:We can't die of hunger.
D:Every grain is grown by farmers.A boy who was cleaning shoes in the street said to a young man passing by, "Let me clean your shoes." The young man said, "No, thank you." "You may pay me only a pound, sir," said the boy. But the young man refused  again. Then the boy told him that he would clean his shoes for nothing. The young man agreed to this, and soon one of his shoes was shining brightly. The man put the other shoe on the boy, but the boy refused to clean it unless  he was paid two pounds for his work. The young man refused to pay anything and went away. But the dirty one looked so bad that he couldn't walk away. He had to turn back and gave the boy two pounds. In a very short time his shoes shone brightly.
The question is: What do you think of the boy?
The possible answers are:
A:Generous.
B:Hard-working.
C:Polite.
D:Smart.In the bushes of Northern Africa, a baby lies warm and safe in a cave . He lies among baby wolves , next to Mother Wolf, and he is not afraid. Outside the cave, Shere Khan, the man-eating tiger, shouts angrily, wanting to kill. "No!" says Mother Wolf. "He belongs to me. He will live to run with the other wolves and be like my son. And I will call him Mowgli."
The years pass, and Mowgli--the man's baby, grows up with the wolves. He learns the Law of the Jungle  from his teachers, Baloo, an old brown bear and Bagheera, a white elephant. He has many adventures , and many friends among the animals of the jungle. But he still has an enemy. Shere Khan the tiger has not forgotten him. He waits for the day when he can catch the man's child--and kill him.
If you want to know more about the story, just read The Jungle Book!
The question is: Shere Kham is   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:a wolf
B:a tiger
C:a bear
D:an elephantWhat Should I Do?
One of the most popular items in the school newspaper advice column . No one know who writes it. The students think their teacher does, but it might be a student using a false name. The students enjoy thinking up problems for the advice column. Here are some of them and their answers.
ASK THE WISE OWL
Q: I'm always late for school. I try not to be, but I can't help it. Please advise me what to do.   Tommy.
A: You are probably late for school because you don't really like school. My advice to you is try and enjoy school more, then you won't be late so often.
Q: I find it difficult to make friends. What do you think I should do?  Sara.
A: I can't advise you until I know about you. Your problem may be that you are shy. On the other hand, it may be the opposite. You may be too bold . Write and tell me more about yourself.
Q: I'm always at the bottom of the class. What do you advise me to do? Molly.
A: I advise you to concentrate  on improving your grades in one subject to start with. If you can do this, you should move a little way up from the bottom. Next, try to improve your grades in another subject, and so on. If you concentrate on one subject at a time, by the end of the year you should be quite a long way up from the bottom in all your classes. The Wise Owl.
The question is: What does Molly want to do?
The possible answers are:
A:Make more friends.
B:Improve her grades.
C:Stay at the bottom of her class.
D:Concentrate on one subject at a time.All over the world, people enjoy sports. Sports are good for people's health. Many people like to watch others play games. They buy tickets or turn on their TV sets or may be online  to watch.
Sports change with the seasons. People play different games in different seasons. Sometimes they play inside the room. Sometimes they play outside. We can find sports here and there. Some sports are interesting and people everywhere like them. Football, for example, is very popular in the world. People from different countries can not understand each other, but after a game they often become very friendly to each other.
,.
The question is: If you like sports, you can   _
The possible answers are:
A:buy tickets to watch the games
B:watch the games on TV
C:watch the games on the Internet
D:A, B and CIf you want to be a better reader,what should you know about the speed of reading? Some people read very quickly,when others read very slowly. But which one is better? The quick reader may be a good reader when he reads a story-book for fun. But he may not be able to slow down to read instructions  carefully. The slow reader may be a good reader. But he may spend too much time reading a story for fun. So the reader who reads everything quickly or the one who reads everything slowly isn't really a good reader. Here are four things to remember about the speed of reading.
Knowing why you are reading will help you to know whether  to read quickly or slowly.
Some things should be read slowly _ . Examples are instructions for making or doing something. Math books,science and story-books are full of important information. You must read these things slowly to understand and remember every important idea.
Some things should be read quickly throughout. Examples are stories for enjoyment,letters from friends,and some news from newspapers.
In some of your reading,you must change your speed from fast to slow and slow to fast. You will need to read some pages quickly and then slow down and do more careful reading when you come to important ideas.
The question is: Which one is the best title ?
The possible answers are:
A:How to be a good reader.
B:How to read quickly.
C:Reading slowly is better.
D:Reading is a good hobby.Mrs Brown goes to see her son in London . Her son works in a music club there . Mrs Brown doesn't know London well . And she can't find her way .
She sees a man at a bus stop . She wants to ask the man the way . "Excuse me , but can you help me . please ?Which bus goes to Miller's shop ?" Mrs Brown asked .
The man is very friendly . He smiles . But he can't speak English .He can speak French . He is new in London . He puts his hand into his coat and takes out a small book . He opens it and reads something on it . " I'm sorry , I can't speak English ."
The question is: Mrs Brown can't find her way because   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:she is old
B:she is new in London
C:she doesn't know London well
D:she can't seeMy uncle Mike is a music teacher. He never gets up very _ He usually gets up at five o'clock in the morning. After he brushes his teeth, he often plays baseball with my aunt.
Then he eats his breakfast. After that, he often plays the violin. At about 7:50, he takes the Number 6 bus to his school.
He has no classes on Thursday and Friday. He usually goes to the violin club. Then he helps kids with the violin. Oh, my brother plays the violin very well. Do you love to play the violin? Do you want to join the violin club? Please call my uncle at 1163886.
The question is: After breakfast, Mike often  _
The possible answers are:
A:plays the violin
B:plays baseball
C:has a shower
D:brushes teethIn my country, daily  meals usually start with breakfast. People usually have something to drink for breakfast, like tea with sugar and lemon, cold or warm milk or Coke. Many people have some bread, egg, hamburgers and so on. We must always remember that breakfast must be healthy and light.
The noon is lunchtime, many people take their meals to schools or their workplaces, but some people like going to a restaurant or having fast food in McDonald's. I think that these meals are not healthy. We can have some rice with some vegetables or meat. More healthy fish and poultry  slowly _ beef and pork. It's healthy to drink one glass of water, juice or tea after each meal.
At six or seven in the evening, it's time for dinner. At this time, family members usually get together. We often have warm dishes. Sometimes we go out to restaurants.
The question is: The writer mainly  tell us   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:what three meals are
B:how to eat healthily
C:three meals in his / her country
D:where to eat mealsI'm Wang Ping. I'm in Beijing. I like healthy food. I have milk   and fruit for breakfast; rice  , chicken and vegetables for lunch; vegetables, fruit and salad for dinner. Here is what my friends like eating. Let's have a look!
Zhang Jian(inBeijing)Like:
Li Ming(inShanghai)Like:
Zheng Hui(inBeijing)Like:
,.
The question is: Which of the following is TRUE  ?
The possible answers are:
A:Zhang Jian and Li Ming like rice.
B:Zheng hui and Wang Ping are friends.
C:Wang Ping doesn't eat healthy food.
D:Wang Ping has two friends in Shanghai.Welcome to the zoo
Opening time:                                     Price:
From Monday to Friday                             Adults:Y=20
8:30 a.m.--5:30 p.m.                              Childen:Y=10
On Saturday & Sunday
8:30 a.m.--6:00 p.m.
Location:Xiaohe Street, ChangchunDistrict ,Binhai City
.
The question is: The zoo opens  _  a week.
The possible answers are:
A:two days
B:five days
C:six days
D:seven daysOne dollar a week
The doorway of the house where Chandler has a room. He is dressed in his best clothes, ready for
his evening out. He is going out as his friend, Jeff 'White, comes in.
WHITE    What are you doing this evening, Towers?
CHANDLER   (Smiling) Tonight I'm going to live like a man with a million dollars!
WHITE    What are you talking about? You haven't got a million dollars!
CHANDLER   How much money are you and I paid each week, Jeff?
WHITE    Eighteen dollars. Why?
CHANDLER   And how much of that eighteen dollars do you spend each week?
WHITE    All of it, of course.
CHANDLER   Well, I don't. Each week I save one dollar out of my eighteen. Then,
every ten weeks, I can buy myself an evening to remember.
WHITE    What do you do?
CHANDLER   I put on my finest clothes, go to one of the best restaurants in New York,
eat the most expensive food on the menu, drink the best wine, and then
take a taxi home!
WHITE            ( _ ) Why?
CHANDLER       Why? Because it makes me feel wonderful to sit with some of 'the richest
people in America, and to make them think that I'm rich, too.
WHITE             You're crazy!
CHANDLER        (Laughing) Perhaps I am!
Mrs Black comes in.
MRS BLACK   Ah, Mr Chandler. I wanted to see you.
CHANDLER   Good evening, Mrs Black. What a lovely evening!
MRS BLACK   Lovely evening perhaps, but you haven't paid me for your room this
month. When am I going to get the money?
CHANDLER         Soon, Mrs Black. Very soon.
Mrs Black looks at Chandler s clothes.
MRS BLACK   You can spend money on expensive clothes, but you can't pay for your
room. Is that right?
CHANDLER         (Hurrying away) Good night, Mrs Black!
The question is: Which of the following is the most suitable for  _  ?
The possible answers are:
A:Excited
B:Surprised.
C:Bored.
D:ScaredThe Vieira family moved to the United States in 1981.  At that time, they decided to stop speaking Spanish at home and only communicate in English. This was because they were now living in an English-speaking country.
Now the Vieira children are adults, and they sometimes travel to Spain to visit their family and friends. But they cannot communicate with them. Unfortunately this is common. When people move to new countries, they often leave their own customs and mother language behind. This is a mistake because there are many benefits to knowing more than one language.
One advantage of speaking more than one language is that you can communicate directly with more people around the world. You do not have to depend on others to talk for you, so you're more independent. People who know only one language must use others to help them communicate
Furthermore, speaking a second language also allows people to experience other cultures and customs more effectively. Local expressions, vocabulary, and even jokes can have a powerful effect on a person's understanding of another culture. So, knowing more than one language increases your knowledge of other cultures.
Finally, having more _ improves relationships between countries. If people from different countries can communicate well, the world can become closer. Countries will then have more respect for each other and better understand each other's problems.
The benefits of knowing more than one language are clear. In fact, there are no disadvantages. It is very sad that many people don't try to learn another language. It is even worse when people let themselves forget their mother language and become silent.
The question is: According to the passage, if you can speak more than one language, you can  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:find a better job
B:make more friends
C:better understand history
D:communicate more independentlySome people think that they have an answer to the problems of automobile crowding and pollution in large cities. Their answer is the bicycle, or bike.
In a great many cities, hundreds of people ride bicycles to work every day. In New York City, some bike riders have even formed a group called "Bike for a Better City". They claim that if more people rode bicycles to work there would be fewer _ in the downtown section of the city and therefore less dirty air from car engines.
For several years this group has been trying to get city government to help bicycle riders. For example, they want the city to paint special lanes--for bicycles only--on some of the main streets, because when bicycle riders must use the same lanes as cars, there may be accidents. "Bike for a Better City" feels that if there were special lanes, more people would use bikes.
But no bicycle lanes have been painted yet. Not everyone thinks it is a good idea. Taxi drivers don't like the idea--they say it will slow traffic. Some store owners on the main streets don't like the idea--they say that if there is less traffic, they will have less business. And most people live too far from downtown to travel by bike.
The city government has not yet decided what to do. It wants to keep everyone happy. On weekends, Central Park--the largest open place in New York--is closed to cars, and the roads may be used by bicycles only. But "Bike for a Better City" says that this is not enough and keeps fighting to get bicycle lanes downtown. Until that happens, the safest place to bicycle may be in the park.
The question is: Which of the following is TRUE according to the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:Special lanes are needed on every street.
B:"Bike for a Better City" members ride bicycles to work.
C:The Central Park is closed to cars on weekdays.
D:Accidents won't happen if cars and bikes are on different lanes.Henry was an office worker in a big city. He worked very hard and enjoyed traveling in his  holidays. He usually went to the seaside, but one year he saw an advertisement in a newspaper.
"Enjoy country life. Spend a few weeks at west hill farm. good food., fresh air, horse riding,Walking,fishing, cheap and interesting."
"This sounds a good idea," He thought. "I'll spend a month at west hill farm. I think I can enjoy horse riding, walking and fishing. They'll make a change from sitting by the seaside and swimming." He wrote to the farmer. In the letter he said that he would like to spend all of July there. Then on the first of July, he left for west hill farm.But four days later, he returned home.
"What was wrong with west hill farm?" His best friend, Ed, asked him. "Didn't you enjoy country life?"
"Country life was very good," Henry said. "But there was another problem."
"Oh. what?"
"Well," he said, "The first day I was there a sheep died, and we had roast mutton for dinner."
"What's wrong with that?" Ed asked. "Fresh meat is the best."
"I know, but on the second day a cow died, and we had roast beef for dinner."
"Lucky you!"
"You don't understand," Henry said. "On the third day a pig died and we had roast pork for dinner."
"A different meat every day," Ed said loudly, " And you are
ing!"
"Let me finish," Henry said. "On the fourth day the farmer died, and i didn't dare    stay for dinner!"
The question is: Which of the following sentences is true?
The possible answers are:
A:Ed could eat a different kind of meat every day.
B:Henry thought he could enjoy a change.
C:Henry couldn't think of anything else to do, so he went to the farm.
D:The farmer died because of the bad meat he ate.East Bus --- maybe the best choice on your visit to the famous places of interest in Beijing.
Sit back, relax and see all there is to see, with no need to worry about driving, finding a parking place or leaving your car with no one to watch it.
We have lots of buses taking you to visit Tian'anmen Square, the Forbidden City, the Summer Palace, the Temple of Heaven Park, the Olympic Center and the Great Wall. The whole tour will take you three days.
Chinese & English speaking guides.
Booking by phone four days in advance .
Tour price: Y=580.00 per person (half price for children under 1.2m tall ), including the ticket price, breakfast and lunch.
For more information, please phone Yong'an Tourism Company at 010-23368688/23368689.
Add: 356 Chaoyang Road, Beijing.
Open 7 days a week. 8:00-16:00.
,.
The question is: Children under 1.2m tall need to pay   _   for the trip.
The possible answers are:
A:230 yuan
B:290 yuan
C:320 yuan
D:460 yuanThe thirteen-year-old Andrew is an American boy. He is a middle school student in Washington. Do you know Washington? It's the capital  of America. Andrew has some pen friends. Two of them come from China. They are Molly and Simon. Their Chinese names are Zhao Mei and Ma Li. Zhao Mei is a girl and she is in Zhejiang; Ma Li is a boy and he is in Hebei. They are good at English, so they always write to Andrew in English. Andrew wants to know more about China, and he thinks Chinese is useful. He will come to China with his parents for a trip next month. Now Andrew is really happy and he wants to tell his friends about it.
Do you want to make friends with Andrew? You can write to him. His e-mail address is andrew008@hotmail.com.
The question is: How many Chinese friends does Andrew have?
The possible answers are:
A:1.
B:2.
C:3.
D:None.They are out there. They may be your friends, your teachers or your parents. Anyone can be a difficult person to someone else.
It is important to see if you are with a difficult person. The first solution  to any problem is that you realize the problem. Most of the time, difficult people do not realize  they are difficult. They think what they do is just normal. But do you know how to cope with  difficult people?
The best way is not to care what they said.
If this does not help, think about the following:
*Difficult people are easy to be very angry, and you just happen to be at the wrong place at the wrong time.
*Difficult people do not even hear the words you say, but are only guessing the meaning of your words according to their own thought.
So when you really look at it deeply, it is not wise  to take things personally.
The question is: Which of the following is TRUE?
The possible answers are:
A:Difficult people often hear the words you say.
B:Difficult people are not easy to be very angry.
C:The first solution to any problem is that we realize it.
D:It's wise to take things personally.My name is Lisa. Because of my job, I often went to the United States. I often felt worried during my trip because I didn't speak English well. So I decided to learn English.
I went to Mrs Brown's English class. Before I came to the class, I always walked away when I met any Americans. But now I try to talk to Americans in English. And I like going to supermarkets, cafes and restaurants to talk with local people.
I learn English in four ways. First , I listen to the teacher carefully and keep speaking in class. Second, I do my homework after I get home. I learn at least five words every day. Third, I listen to American radio and watch American TV programs. Finally, I surf the Internet to talk with different people in English.
To learn English well, I think you must learn to open your mouth. For me that is the key to opening the door of learning English.
The question is: Which of the following is NOT TRUE?
The possible answers are:
A:Lisa liked to talk to Americans in English better than before.
B:Lisa tells us five ways of learning English.
C:Mrs Brown's class was a great help to Lisa.
D:Lisa speaks a lot in Mrs Brown's class.Erden Eruc has been rowing across the Pacific Ocean in a rowboat since he left California on July 10, 2007. He has been heading for Australia with only birds, fish, and sharks ever since.
Crossing the Pacific is only part of his journey. Eruc has decided to go all the way around the world using his own energy. He will row, bike, walk and climb the world without help from any motors  at all. His plan includes climbing the tallest peak on six of the continents  along the way.
For the first part of his trip, he bicycled 5,546 miles from Seattle, Washington to Mount McKinley in Alaska and back, walked 67 miles to base camp and climbed 20,320 feet to McKinley's peak. Now in the second part of his adventure , he is rowing to Australia.
Why would he try to go around the world this way? He explains that he wants to encourage kids to dream their dreams and get to their own goals. He wants to show kids that there might be hard parts along the way, and sometimes they might not even get to that final goal. But they can have adventures and learn a lot along the way.
When his trip around the world takes him across land, he enjoys meeting people---especially children. He has already visited many schools and shared his story. Eruc encourages all kids to set their eyes on a goal and not give up. He says, "with goals, we will make progress, and we will be farther along than when we started, even if we don't get to some goals.  That's called life!"
The question is: Eruc takes adventures to   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:make himself healthy
B:find out difficulties in life
C:make his mind strong
D:set an example for childrenBai Yansong, a famous TV host, expressed his support for students wearing green scarves   at a primary school in Xi'an. He wore a green tie on a TV program on October 19, 2011. "I just want the students to know that I'm also wearing green. And we are all great people and are as good as those wearing red scarves."
The First Experimental Primary School in Xi'an made children with poor schoolwork and behavior wear green scarves. Parents whose children wore green scarves were angry. "The children still need their self-esteem   even though they are very young, and they know the green scarf means something is not quite right," said one mother. Now, the school has stopped the practice.
Educational expert Li Zhenxi said that primary and junior high school students have strong self-esteem. They are eager to be respected and understood. Punishment will hurt them. "It's better to encourage them rather than separating some 'bad' students," he said.
A survey made by the Ministry of Education   shows that 75 percent of students feel nervous and scared when the teacher is about to announce their grades. Some schools have done better in protecting students' privacy and encouraging them. In American schools, teachers post test results on the wall. Instead of using student names, they use secret numbers. This way, students know their secret numbers and can check their own grades only. Some teachers might call the students up to the desk and tell them their scores one at a time.
But test scores are not the only measures of a student's ability. Everyone has his own strengths and everyone can make great progress by working hard.
The question is: Bai Yansong wore a green tie in a TV program in order to   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:show people his special dressing style
B:call on people to live a green life
C:tell students green-scarf students are also good students
D:remind students wearing green scarves means being badCan you imagine living in the desert for a whole year, watching the activities of a group of busy ants? Deborah Gordon did exactly that. She finally found out that there were four main groups of workers in the ant team: cleaners, haulers , gatherers and security   ants. Each group did their own job to finish the task of the whole team.
Cleaner ants carried waste food from inside the nest to outside. Hauler ants walked on the top of the nest and cleared rubbish. Gatherer ants went out to find food for the whole team and security ants fought against anyone who wanted to hurt the members of the team.
While she was watching the ants in the desert, Deborah found that the most interesting part was watching the ants dealing with difficulties, such as fighting against other insects that wanted to destroy their nest, or a big fire. At those moments, they would all stop what they were doing and go to help security ants to protect their home.
What do we do when people around us meet difficulties? What have we done to turn our world into a better place? It's time to think.
The question is: Which of the following is TRUE according to the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:Cleaner ants carried waste food from outside the nest to the inside.
B:Gatherer ants went out to find food for themselves.
C:Each group did their own job when meeting difficulties.
D:There were some other insects that wanted to destroy their nest.Australia is the smallest continent  in the world. It is a little smaller than China. It is near the south of the equator .So when it is summer in our country, it is winter in Australia.
Australia has a small population  .The population of Australia is nearly the same as that of Shanghai, a city in China.
Australia is famous for its sheep and kangaroos. After driving for a short time from any town, you will find yourself in the middle of white sheep. Sheep are everywhere. Have you seen a kangaroo? It has a "bag" below its breast . The mother kangaroo keeps its baby kangaroo in the "bag". It is very strange, isn't it?
The question is: China is   _  than Australia.
The possible answers are:
A:larger
B:large
C:small
D:smallerChina's long-awaited rules on school bus safety finally came into force on Tuesday, including a list of ways aimed at reducing the risk of accident.
Among the biggest changes is that buses carrying students will be given priority  in traffic, while companies and drivers will need licenses to offer school transport services.
Officials have spent more than four months making the rules, during which time the country has been shocked by several big crashes because of overcrowded school buses.
The latest accident happened on Monday in Yangchun, Guangdong province, in which three kindergarten pupils were killed and 14 others injured.
Rules and funding
In the new rules, a school bus is considered as a vehicle with more than seven seats that is transporting children receiving the State's nine-year compulsory education (ages 6 to 15) to or from school. This can also be for preschoolers  if a parent is unable to take them to or from kindergarten .
School buses must also operate in routes marked in the map by governments to ensure safety.
Punishment
Companies and bus drivers who fail to meet the rules face the punishment.
Drivers against the rules will be fined 200 yuan ($32) and vehicles will be taken away from its owner if they have been used as an unlicensed school bus.
The question is: New safety rules for school buses can   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:make the students have a school bus
B:make fewer accident
C:make the school bus bigger
D:punish the parentsIt is autumn, and the Indians ask their new chief   what the weather is going to be like this winter. The chief looks at the sky and says it's usually cold, and he tells the villagers to collect wood for the winter. As a good chief, he goes to call the weatherman and asks, "Is the coming winter going to be cold?"
"It looks like this winter is going to be quite cold," the weatherman answers.
So the chief goes back to his people and tells them to collect more food. A week later he calls the weatherman again.
"Is it going to be a very cold winter?"
"Yes," the weatherman answers again. "It's going to be a very cold winter."
The chief again goes back to his people and tells them to collect every piece of wood they can find. Two weeks later he calls the weatherman again.
"Are you sure that the winter is going to be very cold?"
"Yes," the weatherman answers again. "It's going to be very very cold."
"Why are you so sure?" asks the chief.
The weatherman answers, "Because the Indians are collecting wood
!"
The question is: The Indians wants to know the weather in    _    .
The possible answers are:
A:spring
B:summer
C:autumn
D:winterA large number of people in the world eat fast food. Whenever you go into a fast food restaurant, you can see lots of people enjoying their meals there. How do you know in which country people like fast food best?
The English people are the world's biggest fans of fast food, while the French are the least interested in quick meals, according to a survey done last year.
The survey of thirteen countries shows that 45% of the English people say they can't give up fast food because it's delicious. And 44% of Americans and 37% of Canadians say the same.
The French, proud of their delicious and high-class cuisine, don't like fast food. 81% of them think it is unhealthy, followed by 75% of the Japanese.
How about the Chinese? How often do you have hot dogs or fried chickens? It doesn't matter whether you like Western fast food or Chinese food. The most important thing is to keep a balanced  diet .
The question is: The word "cuisine" in the passage means   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:food
B:water
C:house
D:countryGladys Holm was a secretary . She worked in an office all her life. Gladys made about $15,000 a year. She died when she was 86 years old. And she left a big surprise--$18 million! She gave the money to a children's hospital.
Gladys Holm never got married or had any children. But she always liked children, and she wanted to help them. When her friend's daughter was ill in hospital, Gladys brought her a toy bear. After that, she visited the hospital many times. Every time she visited, she brought toy bears for those children. After that, people started to call Gladys the "Toy Bear Lady".
Gladys always gave toys and other presents to her friends but no one knew she had a lot of money. She lived in a small house outside Chicago. Everyone was very surprised when they learned that she was a millionaire. One of her friends said, "She always gave us nice presents and things, but we didn't know she was rich."
How did Gladys get so much money? She asked her boss how to make more money, and she listened to what he said. She bought the stocks   that he told her to buy, and she got very rich. Before she died, she talked to her friends about "giving something to the children's hospital". No one knew that the "something" was $18 million!
The question is: _  , so she got rich.
The possible answers are:
A:Gladys made $15,000 a year as a secretary
B:Gladys did another job in the hospital
C:Gladys got the money from the boss
D:Gladys did what the boss told her to doAlice is an American girl .She is thirteen. She is now in Beijing with her parents .She doesn't know much Chinese. She can't speak Chinese well .Sometimes her friends do not understand her.
It's Sunday morning .She's going to the zoo to see the pandas .She is waiting at the bus station .At the bus station she asks a boy how to go to the zoo .But the boy can't understand    her .Then she takes out   a pen and some paper .She draws a panda on it and shows the picture to the boy .The boy smiles and shows the way to the zoo right now.
The question is: Alice is in Beijing with her  _
The possible answers are:
A:brother
B:sister
C:uncle
D:father and motherTea bag drinking is most westerners' favorite way of drinking tea. Do you know how it came about?
The tea bag was invented in 1908 by Thomas Sullivan, an American tea seller. He was sending out free tea in silk bags for people to try. People put the bags together with the tea leaves into the cup and added hot water. The tea tasted good, and people thought it was easy to clean the cup. They were not happy when Sullivan started sending them loose   tea again.
Sullivan realized that he had a hot new thing in his hands, and he built a machine to pack the bags. As tea bags became popular, they were changed from silk to gauze   and later paper. In 1952, Lipton Tea made the tea bag even more popular with its invention of the four-sided tea bag. _ , and today 85% of the tea in the UK is packed in paper bags.
However, many people still prefer loose-leaf tea. This is because some tea companies put not very good tea in their tea bags. But for most drinkers, tea bags are still the easy, tasty way to go.
The question is: Who invented the tea bag?
The possible answers are:
A:An English tea seller.
B:Chinese.
C:Lipton.
D:Thomas Sullivan.Louie was _ chocolate. He loved having chocolate biscuits for breakfast. He asked his dad to buy all kinds of chocolate cookies for him.
One morning, Louie's big brother, Ben, said to Louie, "You can't live without chocolate, can you?" "Of course I can," said Louie. "But I don't want to." "I bet you anything that you can't live without chocolate for one whole week," said Ben. Louie stopped eating his chocolate cookies and looked at Ben, "You bet anything? Even your new skateboard?" "Why not?" said Ben. "I'm sure you can't last seven whole days." "That's what you think," said Louie. And then he put his chocolate cookies into a box.
Monday was easy for Louie. He had porridge for breakfast. On Tuesday he didn't exchange his yogurt for Anna's chocolate pudding at lunch. On Wednesday he went to Franco's birthday party and didn't eat the chocolate cake. On Thursday, Aunt Irene came to visit with chocolate-chip cookies. "I'm not really hungry," said Louie. On Friday and Saturday Louie didn't exchange his apple juice for Josh's chocolate milk.
Then came Sunday. Louie woke up and found a glass of milk and a pile of chocolate cookies beside his bed. "Go ahead. Enjoy yourself," said Ben. Louie picked up a piece of chocolate cookie, but then he stopped, "I'm thinking how delicious it will taste tomorrow after I ride my new skateboard," said Louie. "Oh, no!" cried Ben. "I was so close!"
,.
The question is: According to the passage, we can learn that  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:Louie hid all his chocolate cookies after the bet
B:Anna had chocolate pudding for lunch on Tuesday
C:Aunt Irene visited Louie's family on Wednesday
D:Louie wanted to exchange his apple juice for Josh's chocolate milkI'm Kate. I'm an American girl. I am thirteen. I'm in a middle school in Shanghai. My English teacher is a Chinese girl. My good friend is Mary. She is an English girl. She is thirteen, too. She is in Wuhan. I'm in Grade Eight. But she is in Grade Nine. We often have a talk by E-mail. We are both good students.
The question is: Mary is a student   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:in Grade Seven
B:in Grade Eight
C:in Grade Nine
D:in Grade FiveThe Spring  Festival  is the biggest  festival  for Chinese people all around the world.. The  celebration  usually lasts for 15 days. There is a lot to do.
On the eve of the Spring Festival, family members get together and have big meals. Their favourite dish on this day is dumplings.
Days before the Spring Festival, families will clean their homes. People think cleaning sweeps away bad luck. It makes the house ready for good luck.
The colour red is everywhere during the Spring Festival. People think red is a happy colour and will bring them a bright future. People wear red, too. They decorate   their homes with pieces of red paper. Kids get a lot of "hong bao". It is a red paper bag with money in it. Usually, older people give younger ones hong bao. They think it brings good luck.
The Spring Festival is the time to make everybody happy. So don't say any bad words or do anything that will bring unhappiness to other people.
For instance, you'd better not say any bad words like "death". Don't break anything. People think that it means your luck is _ 
Also, don't borrow or lend money on these days. If you have borrowed money, return it before the Spring Festival.
,:
The question is: We can tell from the story that the Spring Festival is   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:a time of harvest and fun
B:celebrated for one whole month
C:only celebrated in China
D:a time for families to get togetherIn ancient times, there was a painter. He was good at painting flowers and birds. But he never stopped practicing until he became very famous.
An emperor of China also loved paintings,especially roosters . So he asked the famous painter to paint a rooster for him. He wanted the rooster to be the best among all his collections.
The painter promised to do so. The emperor waited and waited for one year.,but he didn't get the picture. He couldn't waited to see the painter. He became angry and wanted to kill him. So the painter hurried into the palace with paper,paint and a brush. In five minutes, a perfect rooster was on the paper.
After seeing this,the emperor became much angrier. "Since you can paint a rooster in five minutes, why did you keep me waiting for over a year?"he asked.
"Your Majesty ,"said the artist. "I will let you know why.But you'll have to come with me. " he invited the emperor to his house. There, there were piles and piles of paper. On every piece of paper was a painting of a rooster.
"Your Majesty ,"said the painter. "It took me more than one year to improve my painting skill in order to paint a perfect rooster for you.
The question is: From the passage we can learn that  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:it's hard for painter to success
B:it's easy to paint in a short time.
C:hard work causes perfect result
D:emperor was hard to deal withDear Mike,
How are you? Are you still coming to my birthday party in January? My family, friends and classmates are all coming. The party is on Monday, January 13 at 6:00. It's at Uncle Tom's restaurant in the city. First, we can eat and talk from 6:00 to 7:45. After that we can go to a movie in ZJG Shopping Park near Zhonglian(GDH) International Hotel. Every Monday, there's a movie on at 8:00. I hope you can come. You can meet my other friends and my sisters, too.
Write soon!
Kathy
The question is: Why does Kathy write this letter?
The possible answers are:
A:She wants to tell Mike when her birthday is.
B:She wants Mike to know what to do at her birthday party.
C:She wants to know if Mike will come to her birthday party.
D:She hopes that Mike will know everything about the party.Two young men, one was a prisoner while the other was a famous official from the White House, both told a story about how their mothers give apples to them.
The story from the prisoner:
When I was young, one day my mother brought several apples, among which there was a biggest red one that I really wanted to get. My mum put all the apples on the table and asked us, "Which do you like?" I was about to say "the biggest one" while my brother took one step ahead and said what I wanted to say. My mum said angrily, "A good child should give the best to others instead of being self-centered." I learnt a quick lesson and said, "Mum, give me the smallest one. The biggest one should be left for my brother!" Hearing my words, she felt more than happy and gave the biggest apple to me as a reward.
I told a lie but I got what I wanted! Since then, I learnt to lie. Later, I learnt to fight, steal and rob. I would try all means to get what I wanted. Then later I was _ .
The story from the White House:
When I was young, one day my mum brought several apples of different colors and sizes. Both my two younger brothers and I wanted the biggest one. My mum picked up the biggest apple and said, "It is good to get the biggest apple. Now let's start a competition. I will divide the lawn  in front of our house into three parts, one for each. Who could do the job best and fastest would be rewarded with the biggest apple." I won the apple finally.
The question is: What is the writer probably going to write next?
The possible answers are:
A:Scientific methods of giving apples.
B:The importance of mother's education.
C:Another story about of giving apples.
D:School education.Will it matter if you don't have your breakfast? There were a test in the US. People of different ages, from 12 to 83, took the test. During the test, these people got all kinds of breakfasts and sometimes they got no breakfast at all. Scientists wanted to see how well they worked after they ate different kinds of breakfasts.
The result shows that if a person eats a right breakfast , he or she will work better than if he or she has no breakfast. If a student has fruit, eggs, bread and milk before going to school, he will learn more quickly and listen more carefully in class.
The result is different from what some people think. It shows having no breakfast will not help them lose weight.  This is because they become so hungry at noon that they eat too much for lunch. In fact, they will gain weight.  But they will lose more weight if they _ other meals.
The question is: Which of the following is not right?
The possible answers are:
A:It's bad for your health to have no breakfast
B:Too little for breakfast and too much for lunch may make you fatter
C:If you eat much for lunch and supper, you may gain weight
D:The more breakfast you have, the more quickly you will learn in classMr. Lin has a store. It's next to No. 5 Middle School. It _ maps, books, pens, pencils, clothes and some other things. The things in his store are not expensive. Boys and girls like to go to his store. They like Mr. Lin because he is very nice. Mr. Lin likes the boys and girls, too. Mr. Lin has a"lost and found"box in his store. Look! A baseball, a ruler and some books are in the box. This box helps some boys and girls find their lost things. A sofa is in Mr. Lin's store, too. Boys and girls can sit there and read books after school. They can ask Mr. Lin questions about these books and he often helps them to find the answers.
The question is: ?
The possible answers are:
A:Mr. Lin has a sofa in his house.
B:Mr. Lin 's store is in No. 5 Middle School.
C:Boys and girls like to buy baseballs and books in Mr. Lin's store.
D:Boys and girls can get the answers about the books from Mr. Lin.Hello Sandy,
We have just returned from our holiday. We went with our friends Edward Smith and his wife Tina to the Yorkshire Moors. This is a beautiful place. It is a natural park. There are lots of places to walk on the tops of the hills, miles of grassland with no people, just sheep and birds.
Edward, who had just come out of hospital, could not walk as far as be used to. However this meant that we walked in the mornings, and then stopped at a cafe for lunch each day, before returning to the place we live. Edward and I slept in front of the fire all afternoon, while the ladies went for another walk. Very pleasant!
I have taken lots of photos from the place we live, across the valley below us, of the morning sunrise, and the mist in the valley. Also, in England, the old steam powered trains are very popular. I have taken many photos of the train and from it.
Yesterday we had the first snow of this winter. It is very early (we usually expect snow in January). It rained all day, then snowed in the evening. Today we have bright sunshine!
Both Jenny and I are well I don't know if I told you, in the last e-mail, that Jenny is now working in a hotel. Although she has to work hard, people there are nice and she is enjoying the work.
Please write to us to tell us your news.
Yours,
Victor
The question is: They had   _   snow this winter.
The possible answers are:
A:an early
B:a late
C:a usual
D:a bigBognor Regis is a small beautiful town in the UK. From March 12 to 17 of each year, lots of clowns   get together in the town to celebrate the International Clown Festival. The first one was in 1987.
During the festival, people can see all kinds of clowns. They are together for the clown shows. They have big feet, red noses and look really funny. They sing and dance in a strange way to make people happy. Children like this interesting festival best. Now women can take part in the clown shows and they're very popular. But in the past, only men could be clowns.
The question is: What can we learn about the festival?
The possible answers are:
A:It's a festival only for kids
B:Clowns wear blue noses.
C:It has a history of 27 years.
D:Clowns have to dance to make people happyWho is smarter, human being or artificial intelligence(AI, )?The question swept the world a few months ago. In March 2016, AlphaGo, an AI program developed by Google, had the Go  match with Lee Sedol, a South Korean Go player. He is the world top player of this old Chinese game.
In October 2015, AlphaGo became the first computer program to beat a professional  human Go player. And this time, it beat Lee Sedol 4-1.
In fact, before the match, most people believed that Lee would certainly be the winner, because they didn't think that AI was good enough to beat the human mind. However, the result was disappointing. As a machine, AlphaGo would never get tired, while Lee Sedol was only a human and humans must have some weaknesses.
AlphaGo's wins over a human champion  show that computers can do more difficult tasks. Some people may worry whether computers are now smart enough to beat us at everything. But scientists say that is not the case. Real life problems can be more difficult than the Go game. Thomas Johnson, a scientist of AI said, "It's not hard to get a computer program to remember and produce facts. What is hard is getting computers to use knowledge in everyday situation. " We believe we can use the technology of AI to improve the world.
The question is: What was the result of the match?
The possible answers are:
A:Google program beat AlphaGo.
B:Lee Sedol won AlphaGo 4-1.
C:Lee Sedol was beaten.
D:Neither side won the match.October 21st,2011
Dear Vincent,
I'm a middle school student in Zhejiang , China. My English teacher , Ms.Li gave me your name and address. I want to be your pen friend.
English is my favourite subject.That's why I want to practise English with an American student. I also like art. It's so interesting and useful.I like history, too. Our history teacher always tells us a lot of interesting historical stories. We all have a good time in history classes.
In my free time, I enjoy playing computer games . It's exciting and fun. Do you like it ? I also like to go to the movies. I saw Harry Potter and the DeathlyHallows:Part 1 yesterday. It was a great film.But I don't like sports, so I never enjoy P.E.classes.
How about you? What subjects do you like? What do you look like? What do you want to do when you get older? I hope I can get your letter soon!
Yours,
Zhao Gang
The question is: What does Zhao Gang do in his free time?
The possible answers are:
A:He plays computer games and watches films
B:He does sports
C:He reads books
D:He sings and dancesA)  LiYugang dresses like a woman and sings like a bird. He won the third prize in CCTV's Star Road in 2006. He sings folk songs. However, he seems to have the spirit of Mei Lanfang. In fact, the young man had learnt something from Mei Lanfang's students. People in China usually don't like cross-dressing . But people are really surprised at Li's beauty and _ when he sings and dances.
B)   Do you know who invented QQ? It was Ma Huateng. He was born in Guangdong in 1971. He chose computer science when he entered Shenzhen University in 1989. He worked as a computer programmer for a company in Shenzhen for five years after he graduated in 1993. Later he left the company and started his own company in 1998.
C)   Yue Fei was a famous hero of Southern Song Dynasty. He was born in a poor family in Henan Province. He was very brave and won many battles with his soldiers. But Qin Hui killed Yue Fei for Mo Xuyou. Later a temple about Yue Fei was built in memory of him at the foot of Qixia Ling by the West Lake, in Hangzhou.
The question is: Which of the following is TRUE?
The possible answers are:
A:Li Yugang invented QQ.
B:Ma Huateng used to work as a computer programmer for a company.
C:Li Yugang won the first prize in CCTV's Star Road.
D:Yue Fei seldom won battles with his soldiers.Children laugh often and easily. But as we grow up, we laugh less and feel more stressed. Try laughing for no reason at all. That's how thousands of people start their day at Laughter Clubs around the world, and doctors now think that having a good laugh may be one of the best ways to keep healthy. The first Laughter Club was started in Mumbai ,India ,in  June,1995 by Dr Madam Kataria. " Young children laugh about 300 times a day. Adults laugh between 7 and 15 times a day, "says Dr Kataria . "Everyone's naturally good at laughing . We want people to feel happy with their lives." There are now more than 500 Laughter Clubs in India and over 1,300 worldwide.
Place: 264 North Main Street , East Longmeadow. We're in an office building near the entrance. Walk down the hall and we're on the right .2-1-c-n-j-y
When : Every Sunday afternoon from 3:45 p.m. to 4:45 p.m.
Cost : Free.
Ages : Adults from 18 to 75.
Parking :If you're facing the building ,the car park is on the right of the building .
Teacher : Robert Rivest.
More information ,go to http:// www. robertrivest.com.
If you want to feel like a kid again, try our Laughter Club . You will get used to it in five minutes and begin to laugh for real in ten minutes and sometimes you just can't stop! You'll experience deeper pleasure in half an hour. You'll meet other people who want more fun and laughter. And you will feel so relaxed in about one hour !
Come and join us for laughter and a fun social experience!
The question is: How soon will you begin laughing for real in the Laughter Club ?
The possible answers are:
A:In five minutes.
B:In ten minutes.
C:In half an hour.
D:In about one hour.Hello, I'm Jack. Please look at the picture of my classroom. On the front wall, there is a blackboard.It's very big. In front of the blackboard, there is a yellow desk. It's for our teachers. There is a computer on it. On the right wall there is a map of China. On the black (  ) wall of our classroom is a blackboard. We can write and draw on it. There are forty students in my class. Everyone has a desk and a chair.
In my classroom, my desk is next to Li Fang's desk. She is on my left . And Tim is on my right. In front of me is John . Who is behind me ? It's a girl, Amy. They are my good friends.
The question is: This is a picture of Jack's   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:Family
B:classroom
C:friends
D:schoolA young woman was at the cinema,and she was enjoying the film very much.In the next seat there was an old man,and he began looking on the floor under him.The woman was angry and whispered ,"What are you doing now? What are you looking for?"
"A piece of chocolate ,"the man whispered to her,"I've dropped it on the floor."
"A piece of chocolate? "the woman said angrily,"It s dirty now! Take this and be quiet, please! I'm listening to the film!"She gave the man a big piece of chocolate.
"But."the man said,"my teeth are in the piece on the floor!"
The question is: At last the woman knew that the man was looking for   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:the piece of chocolate
B:his seat
C:the big piece of chocolate
D:his teethJohn sent for a doctor because his wife was ill. He called the doctor and made sure they would meet at five. He arrived at the doctor's at twenty to five. He thought, "It's a little bit earlier. I'll wait for a moment. It's good to keep the time."
Then he stopped his car in front of the doctor's. He looked around and saw a noisy square not far from here. He went there and sat down on a chair to enjoy the last light of afternoon sun and make himself quiet. He saw some children playing and some women talking to each other happily.
Suddenly he heard a girl crying. He came up to her and asked some questions. Then he knew she got lost. John tried to find out her address and took her home. The girl's parents were very thankful.
Then John hurried to the doctor's. The doctor said angrily when he saw him, "You're late. Why did you keep me waiting for twenty minutes? " John said nothing but one word--"Sorry! "
The question is: John drove to the doctor's   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:late
B:early
C:in time
D:in no timeThere are all kinds of food in the world. Some people like the Chinese food. Firstly, the Chinese food has a lot of fruit and green vegetables. It has little sugar and fat. Secondly, the Chinese food is very delicious  and has many dishes. So Chinese people can keep fit and have white teeth. However, some people enjoy the western  food. Now many people, especially the workers in companies , are too busy to have lunch slowly so the western food meets their need and they can eat quickly. And the food is not too bad, too. It is a great pleasure  to try eating a different style of food. In my opinion, I like the Chinese food more than the western food. First of all I'm a Chinese and used to Chinese food, it can keep us healthy. On the other hand, the western food is high in fat, sugar and salt. If you eat too much these food and don't take enough exercise, you'll get fat easily. The western food is too expensive and "not good value  for money".
The question is: The Chinese food has   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:little sugar and green vegetables
B:a lot of fruit and green vegetables
C:no sugar and no fat
D:a lot of fruit and sugarVisit the Forest Zoo. Come and see the Indian elephants and the new tigers from Northeast of China. The beautiful birds from England are ready to sing songs for you, and the monkeys from Mount Emei will be happy to talk to you. The lovely dogs from Australia want to laugh at you. Sichuan pandas will play balls for you. The giraffes from Africa are waiting to look down on you.
Tickets Opening time
Grown-ups: Y=3  9:00a.m.--4:00p.m.
Children: Over 1.4m: Y=2 except Friday
Under 1.4m: Free 10:00a.m.--3:00p.m.
Keep the zoo clean!
Do not touch, give food or go near to the animals.
The question is: Which of the following statements is TRUE?
The possible answers are:
A:We can spit everywhere.
B:We can throw things everywhere.
C:We should keep the zoo clean.
D:We can play with the animals.If you think GM food sounds far away from you, you are totally wrong. In fact, you may eat GM food every day. Four of every five people in the world are eating GM food, according to the Ministry of Agriculture.
According to Xinhua News Agency, in China, the only GM plants that are grown for sale are cotton and papaya. Also, China buys some GM plants from other countries, such as soybeans and corn. The GM plants are used to make other products.
A reporter once said, "In China, more than half of cooking oil is soybean oil. And 90 percent of that oil is made from GM soybeans." So it's possible that we eat GM food every day!
Scientists have changed GM plants' DNA in a laboratory. Scientists usually do this to protect plants against bugs and diseases and have more _ . Many people think it's against nature. Also, they worry that eating such food might be bad for their health.
Is GM food safe? There's no agreement. Some people say that GM food causes tumors. But there are no long-term safety studies about GM food. If you want to stay away from GM food, you can start by checking the cooking oil in your home.
The question is: In China, people grow GM plants for sale like   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:cotton and papaya
B:soybeans and corn
C:cotton and corn
D:soybeans and papayaOn June 6th, 2012 Tiangong-1 welcomed its first guests, the Shenzhou IX manned spacecraft . The Shenzhou IX has two male astronauts and one female astronaut. At that time, Liu Yang, a thirty-three year-old woman, became the first Chinese woman in space.
Joining the People's Liberation Army (PLA) Air Force in 1997, Liu Yang became an experienced pilot after flying safely for 1,680 hours. In 2010, she became an astronaut because of her good job.
"When I was a pilot, I flew in the sky. Now that I am an astronaut, I will fly in space. This will be a much higher and farther flight. I always couldn't help wondering: What would the Earth look like from outer space?" Liu said.
In June 2012, Liu took Shenzhou IX to the space as China's first female astronaut. "I have full confidence," Liu said before the task. "There are many foreign female astronauts that have been into space. Men and women have their own advantages in carrying out space tasks. They can encourage each other and better complete their task.
However, the difficulty of her training has not affected her life's pleasure. "I love children and I love life. I love reading, especially novels and history books. I am also a great cook. To be with my family is one kind of happiness, but to fly is another kind that people can't experience."
"I am grateful to the motherland and the people. I feel honoured to fly into space on behalf of  millions of female Chinese citizens. " Liu said after coming back to the Earth safely.
The question is: Liu Yang worked as an astronaut when she was   _   years old.
The possible answers are:
A:18
B:33
C:31
D:25Michael Jordan was born on February17,1963,in Brooklyn ,New York . Jordan is the fourth of the five children in his family .His family moved to North Carolina when he was just a baby .As a young boy , his favourite sport was baseball ,but soon he found that he could play basketball as well .At the age of 17, he began to show people just how talented (  )he really was .Throughout his basketball career (  ) , Michael Jordan has  won many scoring titles  ( ) .many boys and girls look up to Michael Jordan as their hero .Do you know he was a hero ,too , when he was growing up ? He looks up to his older brother ,Larry , Michael Jordan , a basketball superstar , is not just a star on the basketball court .He also works hard to raise money for many children's charities( ) . He encourages children to develop their talents by practice , practice and practice !
The question is: At first ,he played   _   instead of basketball .
The possible answers are:
A:football
B:baseball
C:tennis
D:volleyballTanzania is a country which has a lot of animals, such as gnus , lions, cheetahs(, elephants, giraffes, crocodiles and so on. Every year, many people in the world travel to this African country to watch the animals closely. But do you know how they travel?
By bus--This is the most common way. When people get on a bus, they'll find that the bus is a little strange. It is different from the buses we often see. There are no big windows at all, but some small windows. And it looks like a cage. What are they used for? Oh, people can use it to watch animals, especially those dangerous animals, and take photos. We know that people are most interested in the lions. So when two buses meet , the drivers will stop and ask each other whether they have found lions.
By boat--We can often see many people are in a boat, enjoying the beautiful scene along a river of a lake, and they can also enjoy hippos and crocodiles from a nearer distance.
By hot balloon --In the early morning, when the sun is beginning to rise, a large hot balloon is also starting its journey. Taking a hot balloon makes most of the travelers excited. After some time, the balloon will land in a certain place, and the waiters will serve people a delicious and special breakfast. But the cost of taking a hot balloon is also very high. A person should pay 400 dollars for an hour's trip.
The question is: If you want to watch hippos carefully, you'd better  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:take a bus
B:take a hot balloon
C:be on a boat
D:swim in the riverOne of Anna's friends has chickenpox . Two days later, Katie has chickenpox. Anna's mother says: " Your best friend has chickenpox . We have to keep an eye on you."
The next evening, Anna finds some red spots  on her face. The next morning, she stays home from school. She can't go to her grandpa's birthday party. She can't go to her soccer practice. She can't go to the supermarket with her mother.Anna cries : " I don't like chickenpox. I miss school. I miss my friends."
Then Anna's mother has an idea.
After lunch, Katie, Mike and Danny come to Anna's home--- all with spots like her. Anna's mother says : " Let's have a chickenpox party!"
All the afternoon, the kids play games. When Anna's friends have to go home,
"See you at school." Katie says.
"Having chickenpox is not so bad." says Danny.
"I know," Anna says with a laugh , " Can we all have chickenpox again next week?"
The question is: Why does Anna say "Can we all have chickenpox again next week?"
The possible answers are:
A:Because they want to have chickenpox.
B:Because they don't need to go to school.
C:Because she likes staying at home.
D:Because the chickenpox party makes her very happy.Today is our Open Day. Our parents come and see our school on this day. Our school is very big and beautiful.There are five buildings in our school. Look! The office building is on your right. Our teachers work in it. Behind the building, there are two classroom buildings and a school library. In the library there are all kinds of books. Our big playground is on the left of these buildings with lots of trees around it. Every day, many students play football, basketball and tennis. We have a good time on the playground after school. We also have a school hall behind the playground next to the library. We meet our parents and have parties  in the school hall. Today, after school, we have a welcome party for our parents. I think our parents will like our school, too.
The question is: Students   _   on the playground after school.
The possible answers are:
A:read books
B:do sports
C:meet parents
D:do homeworkBaseball is one of the favorite sports in the U.S.A. Children play baseball in sports field or in parks.
At summer picnics, there is often an informal baseball game. Boys and girls, the young and the old, take turns to beat. Each team has 9 players.
The baseball season goes from April to September. During this time, baseball matches are on TV and members of the important baseball teams become America's heroes. At the end of season, the two top teams play against each other. Many baseball fans go along to watch the game. Millions of others listen to the radio and watch television. People seem to talk only about the result and the players.
American football is perhaps the most popular sport in the U.S.A. The football season begins when the baseball season ends. More people are interested in football than baseball when there is an important game. Thousands of people sit beside the radio or in front of the television set to hear or watch the result.
The question is: There will be   _   players in a baseball game match.
The possible answers are:
A:9
B:18
C:10
D:16Some school officials   want to change class time from 8:00 a. m. to 9:00 a. m. What do  you think ? Here  are some students' ideas.
Jill : I think it's a good idea ! I usually get up at 6:10 and it's difficult for me . At night I have to do lots of homework and I like to watch TV . I go to bed at about 10:00 p. m. I  usually can't catch the bus at 7:30 in the morning . I am often late for school
Sally : I don't think it's a good idea . I always get up at 5:30 in the morning . it's the best time of the day . First I do some morning exercises . Then I read and have breakfast . So I will be happy if class begins at 8:00
Bill: I  get up at 6:30 . I always go to school without breakfast . A morning class is not good for me . I hope I can go to school after 8:30.
,
The question is: When do Bill get up ?
The possible answers are:
A:at6:30
B:at. 8:00
C:at7:30
D:8:30Mr. Smith is thirty one .He is tall and heavy  , and he has short hair . He likes children and his job .He works at school and gives  the children classes from Monday to Friday .He often has much work to do , but he often plays games with his students after school .All his students like him very much .On Sunday he drives  to his parents' house and stays with his father and mother .Sometimes he goes to see his friends on Sundays .He drives back to school on Monday morning .
The question is: Mr . Smith works  _  days a week .
The possible answers are:
A:four
B:five
C:six
D:sevenNowadays we can see ATMs everywhere. So we'd better learn how to use an ATM to withdraw money.
First, we must find an ATM for your cards. Some ATMs can only work with certain bank's cards. But now more and more ATMs can use all the banks' cards.
Second, we can put our cards in a slot on the right side of the machine. Make sure the card is facing the right way.
Then , when the screen says, "Please enter your PIN," we can press the numbers. After that, we can select the type of transaction .So we can press the key for withdrawing money.
Next, we can put in the amount of money we want to withdraw by pressing the numbers. Then the screen may say, "Please wait". After a short while, we can take our money from the slot at the bottom of the machine.
At last, if we don't need other services, we can press the key for ending. Then our cards will come out from the slot we put it in. And we can finish our dealing and take the cards and money away.
The question is: How many times should we press the numbers when withdrawing money once?
The possible answers are:
A:Once.
B:Twice.
C:Three times.
D:Four times.Good evening, ladies and gentlemen. I'm Roy Darby, and this is my show. This is a television show for all the families and I know you're going to enjoy it.
Let's start with a story I heard the other day about a very proud pig. This pig lived on a farm with a lot of other animals. And of all the animals on the farm, he thought he was the most important. But it was not enough that he himself thought this way. He had to be sure that the other animals thought so, too. So he went up to one of the chickens and asked, "Who is the most important animal on the farm?" Straight away, the chicken answered, "You're, Master." Then he asked one of the farm dogs and he got the same reply.
Next, he asked a cow. When the cow seemed uncertain of the right answer, the pig looked angry and showed his teeth. "Oh, you are, of course, Master Pig," said the cow. "Of course," the pig said. "There is no doubt about it."
At last, the pig asked a big horse, "Who is the most important animal on the farm?" The horse lifted one foot, rolled the pig over, and placed his foot on the pig's head. "All right," said the pig, "you don't have to do that just because you don't know the answer."
The question is: It is clear that the big horse thinks   _    is the most important animal on the farm.
The possible answers are:
A:the pig
B:the cow
C:he himself
D:the dogMany people like animals such as dogs and cats and keep one or more of them as pets. If you keep a dog or a cat as a pet, you must know how to look after it.
A grown-up dog needs two meals a day --not more. It can eat meat, fish, rice and some other things. Dogs like large bones , but you can't give them chicken bones. Remember to give them much clean water.
A dog should have a clean, dry box for sleeping. Washing it once a week is good for its health. If it is ill, take it to a doctor. A healthy dog will bring you more pleasure.
Be careful when you choose a cat. A cat has two meals a day with some meat or fish. It drinks a little milk every day. Sometimes you can give it vegetables to eat. Don't forget that it needs clean water to drink.
Take good care of your pets, they will be your good friends. Maybe they can give you some help when you are in need.
The question is: What do dogs like eating?
The possible answers are:
A:All the bones.
B:Big bones.
C:Chicken bones.
D:Small bones.I grew up in the 1950s with very practical parents. My mother washed aluminum foil after she cooked in it, and then she reused it. She was the earliest recycle queen before people had a name for it.
My father was no different. He preferred getting old shoes fixed to -buying new ones. Their  marriage was good and their dreams were focused .Their best friends lived just a wave away. Though my parents have passed away, I can see them now - Dad in trousers, a T-shirt and a hat and Mom in a house dress, lawnmower in one hand and dishtowel in the other.
It was the time to fix things -a curtain rod ,the kitchen radio, the screen door, the oven door, and so on. They fixed all things we had. It was a way of life, and sometimes it made me crazy. All that re-fixing and renewing made me want to scream.1 wanted just once to be wasteful. Waste meant being rich. Throwing things away meant you knew there'd always be more. I often thought like that.
But then my mother died, and on that clear summer night, in the warmth of the hospital room, I learned that sometimes there isn't any more. Sometimes, what we care about most gets all used up and goes away and it will never return. So, while we have it, it is the best that we love it, care for it, fix it when it's broken and cure it when it's sick.
This is true for marriage, old cars, children with bad report cards, dogs with bad hips and aging parents and grandparents. We keep them because they are worth it and because we are worth it.
The question is: What did the writer realize afier her mother's death?
The possible answers are:
A:Her mother truly loved her.
B:She had wasted a lot of money.
C:Things may never return once they are gone.
D:She had hurt her parents for many times.Fire can help people in many ways. But it can also be very harmful. Fire can make water hot and house warm, give light and cook food. But fire can burn   things, too. It can make trees, houses, animals and other things catch fire  . If some people can't run away from fire, it can kill them. This happens in every country every year.
Sometimes big fire can burn forests. A month ago, a large forest fire broke out in Yunnan Province. It lasted nearly half a month. The forest in Heilongjiang Province and the grassland in Inner Mongolia caught fire in May, 2006. After more than ten days' fight, over 30,000 people and soldiers put out   the fire at last.
Nobody knows clearly when people began to make fire, but there are many interesting stories about the first time a man or a woman started a fire. One story from Australia tells about a man who went to the sun and brought fire down a long time ago. Today people know how to make a fire with matches  . Children sometimes like to play with them. But matches can be very dangerous. The match can burn a piece of paper and then it can burn a house. A small fire can become a big fire, and destroy many things. Fire kills many people every year. So you must be careful with fire.
,.
The question is: The writer of the passage wants to tell us that    _   .
The possible answers are:
A:we know when man began to make a fire
B:people should use fire carefully
C:fire can burn down all things in the world
D:all children like to play with matchesDo you want to be an artist (  )
Do you want to be an artist? Come to our club, and you can find yourself in happiness . We have lessons about the guitar, drum, the violin and the piano for just Y=20 each. You can also learn to sing, to dance for Y=25 each. If you like art, you can be satisfied , too--it's just for Y=30 each!
The question is: We can't learn about   _   in the club.
The possible answers are:
A:drums
B:art
C:violin
D:swimmingRed Star Restaurant
The biggest and busiest restaurant in Jinan is seeking 20 waiters who have relevant   experiences in high-grade restaurants. About Y=800--1,500 per month.
Red Star Restaurant is located at 66 on Park Street.
Our phone number is 0531-8278-4560.
3 People wanted
Need 3 people who would like to work 4 evenings per week showing films. Earn $300 per week possibly. Call 469-867-6042.
Baby-sitter wanted
For a year. 3 days a week. Some flexible   hours required.
Knowledge: above senior middle school.
Call 0431-478-9971.
The question is: How many waiters does Red Star Restaurant need?
The possible answers are:
A:10.
B:20.
C:30.
D:40.Pan Aiying, a Chinese teacher at Wutou Middle School in Qihe County, in East China's Shandong Province, didn't think her text messages would help to get her belongings back.
A young man riding a motorcycle robbed her of her bag, in which there was her mobile phone, bank cards and 4,900 yuan, as she was riding her bicycle home on Saturday evening.
Pan said at first she considered calling the police, but then decided to try to persuade the young man to return her bag. Pan called her lost phone with her friend's, but couldn't get through. So she began sending messages.
"Hey, I'm Pan Aiying, a teacher from Wutou Middle   School. You must be going through a difficult time. If so, I will not blame you. " Wrote Pan in her first text message, which got no answer. "Keep the 4,900 yuan if you really need it, but please return the other things to me. You are still young. To make mistakes is human. Correcting your mistake is more important than anything. " Pan wrote in another message.
She gave up hope after sending 21 text messages without any answer and planned to call the police the next morning. However, as she left her home on Sunday morning, Pan found her stolen bag lying in the courtyard. Nothing was lost.
"Dear Pan: I am sorry. I made a mistake. Please forgive me. You are so kind even though I stole from you. I'll correct my ways and be an honest person," said a letter left with the bag.
The question is: From the news we can learn that   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:the young man would not steal any more
B:Pan Aiying didn't give up hope after sending 21 text messages
C:the young man would pay a visit to Pan Aiying personally
D:Pan Aiying teaches English in a middle school in Shandong ProvinceLong long ago, a donkey  fell into a well . The animal cried for hours as the farmer tried to think out what to do. Finally, the farmer thought the animal was too old and the well needed to be covered up anyway, so he decided not to save the donkey.
The farmer invited his neighbours to help him. They began to shovel  dirt into the well. The donkey cried harder. But a few minutes later, he became quiet. The farmer looked into the well, and was surprised by what he saw.
While every shovelful of dirt hit his back, the donkey would shake it off and take a step on the new layer of dirt. As the farmer's neighbours continued to shovel dirt on top of the animal, the donkey would shake it off and take another step up. Soon the donkey stepped up out of the well and ran away, to the surprise of all the neighbours.
The lesson we get from this story is that if life shovels some dirt on us, we must get out the well and not let it cover us. We must learn to shake it off and take a step up. Each of our troubles is a stepping-stone . We can get out of the deepest well by never giving up!
The question is: the story tells us   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:never to give up even if we're in great trouble
B:the donkey is a clever animal
C:the man has to be kind to the animal
D:the man is the most cruel  animalTraditionally, business people would get to know each other over a round of golf. But road cycling is fast catching up as the preferred way of networking recently.
"When you play golf with somebody you have to decide if you"re going to beat them, or let thembeat you," says Peter Murray, a chairman of the NLA centre. "If they"re your customers and youdon"t want to beat them, sometimes you might have to make some kind of cheating in order to lose. That seems to me  not a good way of doing things."
Group cycling, and especially long-distance riding, is a shared experience, Mr Murray says. Riders often work together and help each other out, taking turns to be at the front so that the riders in their group can save almost a third of the effort needed to travel at the same speed.
How someone rides a bike can give you a real insight into what a person is like, says Jean-Jacques Lorraine, founding director of Morrow Lorraine, a team member of Cycle to Cannes. "Some riders are very single-minded, others more collaborative; some are skillful, others an open book.""If I walk into a meeting and somebody says ,,I"ve done Cycle to Cannes" , it"s a done deal really," says Mr Lorraine.
Mr Mottram, CEO of Rapha, believes it is easier to get to know people by cycling than in other situations. "T here is an easy environment about conversations on a bike." Mr Lorraine makes the point more directly: "I feel open and honest to others. I often find I"m saying things on a bike which I wouldn"t normally say, and equally I"ve been confided   in when I wasn"t expecting it."
Why do cycle rides lend riders so well to networking? "Getting a quick lunch or drink after work doesn"t give you long enough to get to know someone," Mr. Murray says. He believes long ridesget people together. "A younger rider can be cycling along with a boss and help him in some wayand you get a reversal of the relationship.  This changes the relationship when they are off theride too."
Perhaps the main reason why cycling is a good way to network is that it"s a passion   and away of life. "Getting out on the bike is what we"re all dreaming of doing while we"re sitting at our computers," says  Mr Mottram. And a shared passion is a fantastic way to start any relationship.
The question is: Which of the following is TRUE about cycling?
The possible answers are:
A:Businessmen used to prefer cycling to golf.
B:Cycling is a good way to get to know people.
C:Group cycling is always a long-distance riding.
D:It"s not acceptable for the riders to talk on the bike.I had just gone to bed after a very hard day when the phone rang. It was an eccentric  farmer. I had never met him before although I had often heard people talk about him. He sounded quite nervous and he had been talking for a minute or so before I understood anything. Even then I could _ that someone called Milly had had a very bad accident. I hadn't the slightest  idea who she was but I obviously had to go.
It had been snowing so heavily that I didn't know the way. I had been driving for at least an hour when I finally found his place. He was standing there, waiting for me. It seemed Milly had died. "She meant more to me than anyone... even my own wife!" he said. I could see that he had been crying. I thought something terrible had taken place, a possible scandal   . I was even more shocked when he told me he had put her in the barn. "I wouldn't leave her out in the cold!" he said.
Milly had clearly been a secret lover of his. I was about to tell him he could not expect me to cover anything up when he opened the barn door. He lifted his candle and I saw a dark figure on the ground. "She was such a good cow! I wouldn't let anyone but a doctor touch her !" he said, and burst into tears again.
The question is: The person who told the story is probably a   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:farmer
B:policeman
C:country doctor
D:newspaper reporterGood food photography makes the food look fresh, so many dishes have _ , just as movie stars do. "When I get my lights and camera set up, I remove the stand-in and put in the real thing," explains Ray Webber, who photographs food for magazine advertisements. "Sometimes I have to brush the food with its juices because it may have dried out a bit. And when I'm shooting something like tomatoes, I always carry an atomizer  of water to spray  them with dew  just before I shoot."
Shooting food outdoors has special problems. " I'm always worrying about flies or worms  coming up a glass," Webber explains. "I am also worried that someday a dog will come up from behind and run off with the food." Once Webber was shooting a piece of cheese outdoors and needed something to add to its colour. Finally he found a plant with lovely blue flowers. When the photo appeared, several people were horrified , because the plant was Deadly Nightshade which can be very dangerous.
The question is: From the passage we can say that Deadly Nightshade may   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:be sweet
B:make people die
C:be ugly
D:be deliciousAn old porter   had worked for the railway for a very long time. One morning he was standing in one of the big railway stations and waiting for travelers to ask him to help them with their luggage, when he saw a small man running toward the trains with a big bag in his hand.
The porter watched the man for a few seconds, and the man saw the porter.
At once the small man ran up the porter and said, "Can I catch the 10:35 train to London, porter?" He was breathing very fast, and he seemed worried.
The old porter looked at him for a moment and then said with a smile, "Well, sir, I'd like to help you, but I can't answer your question because I don't know how fast you can run along rails. You see," he explained, "the 10:35 train to London left five minutes ago."
The question is: The old porter's job was   _
The possible answers are:
A:to stand in the railway station
B:to answer the traveler's question
C:to help the travelers carry their luggage
D:to ask the travelers to help himNow people in England, the US and many other countries celebrate Mother's Day. Mother's Day is on the second* Sunday of May*. On this day, children give flowers, cards, chocolate and other things to their mothers, but they don't give money to them. And they also make presents for their mothers. And some of them get up early to cook breakfast for their mothers. They also help their mothers do housework. They want to show their love to their mothers. They know if* they have no mothers; they can't live a happy life.
Many people in China celebrate this festival for their mothers because they want to show* their love to their mothers too. In every Chinese family, the mother looks after* the children, does the housework and cooks meals for the family, so she is quite _ and she is always busy in the family. Now more and more people celebrate Mother' Day in China.[:Zxxk.Com]
The question is: When is Mother's Day?
The possible answers are:
A:The first Sunday of May.
B:The second Sunday of May.
C:The first Saturday of February.
D:The second Saturday of February.Jack was a pumpkin farmer. He lived in a big house on the edge of a town and grew the largest
Pumpkin farm around the town. Jack's pumpkins were famous , for they always had the perfect shape and never rotted (   ) until well after Halloween . Every year around Halloween , people came from all over the town to buy his pumpkins to make their jack-o-lanterns ( )
One year, Jack was thinking about his pumpkin harvest (   ) of the year when his good friend Pete came to visit him.
I have some bad news , Jack ," Pete said.
"What is it ? " Jack asked . a little worried.
The town decided not to have Halloween this year! They said there was simply no reason for it and they didn't have time to celebrate it because many other holidays were coming up soon . Peter told him. He knew this was very bad news for jack.
Jack became very sad and lowered ( ) his head  . "What can I do now , Peter?" I have all these beautiful pumpkins and I can't keep them until next Halloween ."
Peter replied, " Well , there are always pumpkin pies and pumpkin bread for other holidays."
Jack was worried and said, "I sell most of my pumpkins for the Halloween . I can only sell a few pumpkins during the rest of the year. And Pete, it's not so much about the money . I live a simple life out here in the country and I don't need much money . But I feel happy every year when thousands of people get my pumpkins and take them and make them into beautiful jack-o-lanterns.
Now all these pumpkins will be useless because people won't make jack-o-lanterns this year. oh, this is very bad news ." Jack began to weep . large tears ran down his face.
The question is: Jack's pumpkins were famous because they have the perfect   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:colour
B:size
C:shape
D:tasteHenry finds a job on a farm.He is the strongest and youngest.He eats more,sleeps more,but works less.He doesn't like to use his head,so he knows little.He has to do some unskilled  work.He always says he's tired and hopes to have a good rest.So he gets less money than others.
Winter is coming.The workers are getting ready for the next year.Only Henry does nothing.The farmer tells him to cut down some trees in the forest.The young man has to go there with a chair.He feels lonely in the forest and is afraid of the animals.So he looks   around and sings loudly.Nobody knows what he's singing.After three days,Henry doesn't cut down any trees.The farmer feels strange.He wants to find out how the young man is working there.To his anger ,Henry is sitting on the chair,cutting the tree."Why are you sitting here to cut the trees?"asks the farmer."Because I can't work if lying ,sir."
The question is: Henry is   _    to stay in the forest.
The possible answers are:
A:glad
B:angry
C:safe
D:afraidClose contacts between Japan and the rest of the world were created in the twentieth century. In the last forty years, business contacts between Japan and the West have become very important. Many foreign companies now have offices in Japan and Japanese businessmen do business around the world. Differences between Japanese and Western ways of doing business, however, often _ and make doing business in Japan difficult for foreigners.
The American businessman, for example, wants to start talking business immediately. He does not want to wait. The Japanese businessman, on the other hand, likes to arrive at decisions after giving them serious thought. Another thing foreign businessmen have difficulty in understanding is when a Japanese means "Yes" or "No". This is because of cultural differences between Japanese and Western society , Which make it difficult for a Japanese to say "No" directly.
In the USA, it is easy to say "No" to something one does not want to do. But in Japan, it is very difficult to say "No". To refuse an invitation or a request  with "No" is felt to be impolite. It is thought to be selfish and unfriendly. So instead of saying "No" directly, the Japanese have developed many ways to avoid  saying "No". These can help them avoid hurting other people's feelings. However, this often makes their ways of doing business rather difficult for foreigners to understand and follow.
The question is: What fact does the passage lead you to believe?
The possible answers are:
A:American businessmen do things more slowly than Japanese ones.
B:American businessmen like to say "Yes" and "No".
C:Americans usually say what they are thinking.
D:Americans do not say what they think or feel clearly.I have a good friend at home. Her name is Mimi. She is white and yellow. She is very cute. I play with her when(......) I have time. She likes fish very much. When she is behind (......) the sofa or in her box, you can't see her. When I sit on the sofa, she sits with me. In the evening I do my homework at my desk, and she is on the desk. At that time I put her down . Then she sits next to me. Is she a good friend of me?
The question is: Who is my good friend at home?
The possible answers are:
A:A boy.
B:A cat.
C:A fish.
D:A tiger.When Jason's parents saw him for the first time, they were shocked .This lovely little baby with shining blue eyes and curly hair was born disabled . But soon the young couple accepted this fact: Jason's arms are just half without hands and his legs aren't fully grown either. They even forgot to think of him as disabled.
At the age of six, he told his mother he wanted to get down from the prosthetics and play with other kids. This was the last time Jason had worn them. He now has an electric wheelchair , but he never uses it at home or when it is easy for him to move using only his body.
Jason learned handwriting and coloring at school, holding the pen between the ends of his arms. He also learned to eat with forks at home. When he was ten, he fell in love with football. He never had a pair of shoes in his life because of the shape of his feet. He only wore socks on the football field. He never won a match, but he refused to give up. His strong arms and body, as well as some fantastic ways made him a respected player on the school team. He went to a famous university after high school.
Now Jason still faces many _ in life, but he will make you believe that you can do what he has done. "Never be afraid of any difficulty", Jason often encourages others in his speeches.
The question is: Jason learned to write and color by holding the pen   _   .
The possible answers are:
A:between his legs
B:between his arms
C:between his teeth
D:between his handsIn order to make students become more interested in English studies,21 elementary schools in southeastern Korea have started to use robot teachers.
The robot teacher is called Engkey. She was developed by the Korea Institute of Science and Technology. She is about one meter high and is white,egg-shaped. She takes a display panel
 as her face. She can move around the classroom while she speaks to students. She can also read books to students and dance to music by moving her head and arms.
Now,21 robot teachers have been used to teach English. They are controlled by English teachers in the Philippines. There is a camera in each of the robot teachers. With the help of the cameras,English teachers in the Philippines can see and hear the students. At the same time,the facial expressions of these English teachers. This is very interesting.
Besides helping students to become more interested in English,the robot teachers can also help children in poor areas without English teachers.
Robot teachers have many good points. For example,they needn't have a rest because they don't get ill.
The question is: The robots can do the following EXCEPT  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:moving around the classroom
B:reading books to the students
C:dancing to music
D:helping students do their homeworkOnce a boy often made trouble. His mother gave him many nails . She told him to hammer(,)one in the garden fence  every time he lost his patience and fought with someone. The first day he hammered 27 nails. In the following weeks he learned how to control himself better and the number of nails hammered became smaller and smaller. He learned it was easier to control himself than to hammer nails.
The day finally came when he didn't hammer any nails. He went to tell his mother about it. Then his mother told him to pull off a nail from the fence each time he didn't lose his patience. After some days he told his mother that all the nails had been pulled off, so she took him to the fence and said to him, "You've behaved well, but look at all the holes in the fence. The fence will never be again like it was before. When you fight with someone, you leave wounds in him like these. The trouble may be over, but the wounds will always be there."
So, learn to control yourself before you hammer the nail in the fence. Try not to leave any holes in your past.
The question is: Losing control may bring you   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:good luck
B:trouble
C:nails
D:a hammerLook at this. What's this in English? Ah, it's a photo. Who's that in the photo? It's Li Yan. Li Yan is my good friend. She is a nice girl. Who's that? The boy in black? It's Jim. He is an English boy. He is very cool. He is my friend, too. We are all in the same class. I like Jim and Li Yan.
,,.
The question is: --Who's English? --  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:I
B:Jim
C:Li Yan
D:Jim and Li YanWhen you have a cold, you must be unhappy   because your body becomes hot, and there are pains   all over. You don't want to work, you stay in bed, feeling terrible.
What makes you ill? It's _ . Germs are everywhere. They are very small and you can't find them with your eyes but you can see them with a microscope  . They are very small and there could be hundreds of them in or on a very small thing.
Germs are always found in dirty water. When you look at dirty water under the microscope, you can see them in it.
Germs are found not only in water. They are also found in air and dust  . If you cut your finger  , and if some of the dust goes into the finger, it will become big and red, and you will have much pain in it. Sometimes germs will go into your body and you will have pain everywhere.
The question is: The writer  talks about  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:how to keep dirty water clean
B:how to look after your fingers
C:how to find germs in the dirty water
D:what can make you illHello, everyone. Because of the high rate of school violence  in some areas, teenagers' safety becomes a serious problem. We are planning to set up an organization named School Watch to make sure that students have a safe school environment. Please be part of our plan!
What is School Watch?
School Watch is a volunteer project in our school. It helps us stop violence and improve the quality of school life. It will keep yourself and your schoolmates safe. The other members of School Watch care for you and your classroom, and you do the same for them.
Is it for everyone?
Anybody can become a member of School Watch because everyone has something to offer.
What else can it do?
School Watch makes it possible for us not only to help each other but also to make friends with each other. Some members may offer to help the schoolmates who have problems with their homework.
Who is the School Watch?
Our school will look for the School Watcher and give him or her lots of prizes. You could be the one!
How do you start?
To be part of this plan, the only thing you need to do is to talk to the director of the plan in your grade. You can check the official website _ if you want to get more information.
The question is: If you want to become a member of School Watch, you should   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:check the website
B:talk to the director of the plan in your grade
C:be good at school work
D:go to the policeOne of the easiest ways to keep fit is to do jogging. Jogging is the name for a very gentle running--it is just a little faster than walking.
Start slow jog 20 meters, then walk 20 meters. Little by little, if you are not feeling very tired, you may do more jogging and less walking. Finally, jog the whole way. It will be easy for you to start jogging for 15 minutes twice a week, slowly, increase this to 20-30 minutes every day. The longer you join in jogging, the more you enjoy it and the healthier you will become. Some people like jogging alone, and others enjoy doing it with friends. Jogging in groups makes more people keener , because you just can not stay in bed while there is a group of friends waiting outside. If you want to start jogging, prepare a pair of comfortable shoes and a _ mind.
,. (5,2, 10)
The question is: One good point of jogging in groups is  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:you don't feel lonely
B:you are not likely to give it up halfway
C:you can run faster
D:you won't feel tiredThis is my school. There are many trees and flowers in it. The teaching building is big and tall. There is a big playground in our school..It is very nice to have it . After 4:30 in the afternoon, many students come to the playground to play football and some students play table tennis in the table tennis room.
There are 1,200 students in 30 classes in our school. The students all like to study. The teachers in our school are very good. They help the students to study and sometimes play with them .All the students like them, too.
The question is: After class the students often go to   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:their classroom
B:their friends' homes
C:the playground
D:their homesAnimals, including insects , don't have a 'language' like ours. They do not 'talk' to  each other in words and sentences . But if we watch them, we can see that they  have their ways of communicating  with each other.
Can you see the rabbit's tail? When rabbits see this white tail moving up and down, they run away. They know that they are in danger. The rabbit  told them something without  making a sound. It has given them a signal .
Many other animals use this kind of 'language'. When a cobra  is angry, it raises its head and makes itself look powerful . This warns other animals. When a bee  found some food, it goes back to its home. It cannot 'tell' the other bees where the food is by speaking to them, but it does a little dance. This tells the bees where the food is.
Some animals 'say' things by making sounds. A dog barks, for example, when a stranger comes near. A cat purrs when it is pleased. Some birds make several different sounds, evry sound has its own meaning. Sometimes we human beings  speak in the same way. We make sounds like"Oh" or "Ah" when we are afraid or happy or when we drop something on our toes.
The question is: When a cobra is angry, it .
The possible answers are:
A:makes a loud noise
B:raises its head
C:moves up and down
D:does a little danceToday, roller skating is easy and fun. But, before 1750, the idea of skating didn't exist . That changed because of a man named Joseph Merlin. Merlin's work was making musical instruments.
One day Merlin was invited to a music party. He was very pleased and a little excited. As the day of the party came near, Merlin began to think how to make a grand entrance   at the party. He had an idea. He thought he would get a lot of attention if he could skate into the room.
Merlin tried different ways to make himself roll. Finally, he decided to put two wheels under each shoe. These were the first roller skates in the world. Merlin was very proud of his invention and dreamed of getting to the party on wheels while playing the violin.
On the night of the party Merlin rolled into the room playing his violin. Everyone was surprised to see him. There was just one problem. Merlin had no way to stop his roller skates. He rolled on and on, suddenly, he ran into a huge mirror that was hanging on the wall. Down fell the mirror, breaking into pieces. Nobody forgot Merlin's entrance!
The question is: Which is the best title of the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:How to use the roller skates
B:Merlin and the first roller skates
C:How to make musical instruments
D:Merlin and the first violin.A professor began his class by holding up a glass with some water in it. He held it up for all to see and asked the students, " How much do you think this glass weighs?"
"50 grams ! " "100 grams ! " "125 grams ! " the students answered.
"I really don't know unless I weigh it , " said the professor, " but , my question is : What would happen if I held it up like this for a few minutes?"
" Nothing , " the students said.
"OK, what would happen if I held it up like this for an hour?" the professor asked.
"Your arm would begin to ache, " said one of the students.
"You are right, now what would happen if I held it up for a day?"
"Your arm could go numb  , and you might have to go to hospital, " another student said.
"Very good ! But during all this, did the weight of the glass change?" asked the professor.
"NO"
"Then what made the arm ache and the muscle( ) stress?"
The students were puzzled.
" Put the glass down" said one of the students.
"Exactly ! " said the professor. " Life's problems are something like this. Hold them for minutes in your head and they seem OK. Think of them for a long time and they begin to ache. Hold them even longer and they begin to trouble you. You will not be able to do anything. It's important to think of the problems in your life, but even more important to ' put them down' at the end of every day before you go to sleep. That way, you are not stressed; you wake up every day fresh and strong and can handle any issue, any challenge that comes your way ! "
,.
The question is: What is the best title for the text?
The possible answers are:
A:Put the glass down
B:Keep the glass in your hand
C:Face the challenges
D:Problems fill our lifeA Nobel Prize is considered by most people one of the highest international honors  a person can receive. As you know, the prizes were started by a Swedish called Alfred Nobel. He was born in Stockholm ,the capital of Sweden. Alfred Nobel was a great scientist. He made two important inventions, and so he became very rich. Although he was rich, Nobel was not a happy man. He never married or had children. Also, he was a sick man during his large part of life. When he died at the age of 63,he left a fund of $9,000,000.The money was used in giving prizes to those who made great achievements  in physics, chemistry, medicine and literature , and for world peace.
The first Nobel Prize were given on December 10,1901,five years after Nobel's death. Since then many famous people from all over the world have been given Nobel Prize for their achievements. Each prize has three parts. The first part is a gold medal. Second, a winner of a Nobel Prize is given a _ , saying that he has been given the prize. The third part of the prize is a large amount of money------about $40,000.
Often a prize is given to just one person ,but not always. Sometimes a prize is shared. It may be given to two or more people who have worked together .It is also sometimes true that a prize is not given at all if there is no great achievement. In 1972,for example, no Nobel Peace Prize was given.
The question is: When he died , Nobel Prize left a large amount of money  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:to his wife
B:for helping the poor people in Sweden
C:to his children
D:for setting five prizes.Nora, a 17-year-old American, notices that when she has to do a paper for school and researches it on the Internet, she rarely reads a whole page and does deep reading. "I'll read the beginning of a paragraph and then I'll skip  the rest," she says.
While Nora's mother, Martha, loves sitting down with a good book and reading carefully, her daughter may be the wave of the future.
"Deep reading", or slow reading, is a process in which people think carefully while they read. With most, that means slowing down --- even stopping and rereading a page or paragraph to really understand what the author is trying to say.
Last summer, Google CEO Eric Schmidt said he was concerned about what he sees as a decline in slow reading. Instant messages and 140-character tweets appear to be reducing out ability to concentrate on a single idea or theme of a book, he told Foreign Policy Magazine.
It's easy to forget the benefits of deep reading in an age when anything worth doing is done fast. Experts warn that without deep reading, it is impossible to be an educated person of the world, a knowledgeable voter or even an imaginative thinker.
"If you want to have a deep relationship with a text and understand a complex idea, then slow reading is a preferred style. It is good for pleasure, too. It is not a rushed experience and you can lose yourself in a text," said Canadian writer John Miedema, the author of the book Slow Reading.
US' Ohlone College English professor Cynthia Lee Katona says reading is a highly social activity that builds the mind and social connections. If you read, she says, you simply know more and have more to talk about with friends, partners and people you know.
Deep reading can also take a reader on a trip around the world even if they are sitting in a living room armchair, Katona says. Also, deep reading helps people develop thinking, writing and conversation skills.
"If you like beautiful things, authors put words together that are really beautiful and expressive," she says. "If you want to write well--- and there are lots of reasons to express yourself clearly --- you should read."
The question is: According to the article, Cynthia Lee Katona's opinion of deep reading is that   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:it makes sure you a better paid job
B:it makes you a better writer
C:it is better than travelling
D:it helps build better family relationshipMy name is Jim Smith. I come from Canada. I teach English in a high school in China. I like my work. I have a son, Mike and two daughters, Jane and Jenny. They are all in China. We lived in a tall building of the city center one month ago. But now we live in the countryside. We think the cost of living is high and the traffic is heavy in the city. And there is a beautiful park. It's not far from my home. It is _
The question is: How does Jim go to work ?
The possible answers are:
A:By train .
B:By bus.
C:Takes his car.
D:On footThe wolves   are very hungry. They go out to look for food. There are many sheep (  ) near the hill( ). There are also a few sheepdogs with them. The wolves think of an idea. They speak to the sheepdogs," You are like us and we are brothers. But we have a very different life. We do what we like, and you must work for man. They make you look after their sheep. They eat meat and give you the bones  . If you listen to us and give  us the sheep, we can eat them together. All of us will be happy,right?"The dogs are happy and do like this. The wolves ask the dogs to go to their house. The sheepdogs go to the wolves' home. But the wolves eat them and then eat the sheep.
The question is: What do the sheepdogs do?
The possible answers are:
A:Play with the sheep.
B:Look after the sheep.
C:Work with man.
D:Eat the bones.In the old time, there was a man. He wanted to buy a pair of new shoes. Hemeasured  his feet with a straw , and then went to a shoe shop in town.
The man in the shop took out a pair of new shoes, and let him try it on. But when he looked into pocket, he found that the straw was not there. So he said, "I'm sorry. I forget to bring the size here! Let me go home to get it back." After that, he ran out of the shop. It was very far from his home to the shoe shop. When he got back home, he was very tired.
With the straw in his hand, he went back to the shoe shop again .But the shop was closed .
Someone near the man said, " Your feet are with you. Why did you not try which pair of shoes fitted your feet?"
The question is: What do you think of the man?  _
The possible answers are:
A:He was a bad man.
B:He was a fool  .
C:He was a good man.
D:He was a kind man.As soon as the woman got into the house, her eight-year-old daughter told her that her younger brother drew so many pictures on the clean wall of his bedroom and left the white wall in a mess.
When the woman heard this, she was angry. "Where's your brother now?"
"He's hiding himself in the cupboard in his bedroom." The little girl answered.
The woman got even angrier. She complained about her son when she went towards her son's bedroom.
The six-year-old boy was staying with fear in the cupboard when he heard what his mother said. He knew she got really angry this time.
The woman pushed the door open with a loud noise. But when she saw the words and pictures on the wall, her anger soon disappeared. "I love you, mum!" covered the whole wall, with so many hearts around them, and so many stars in the sky.
The mother's eyes were full of happy tears. She opened the door of the cupboard, and hugged   her son tightly. The boy said "I love you, Mum!" to her mother in a low voice when he was in his mother's arms.
It's the most expensive present from her son -- "Love on the wall". Eight years later, the boy suddenly died of heart disease. The mother had kept the wall tidy with great care for nearly fifty years until she was dead.
In the mother's heart, it seemed that her son was alive, and always looking at her in the sky with many shining stars around him.
The question is: How old might the girl be now?
The possible answers are:
A:Sixteen years old.
B:Thirty years old.
C:Fifty-eight years old.
D:Sixty-six years old.Are you working hard? Do you like to    Do you like to talk with people? Do you like to
meet people? If your answer is "Yes", then we  write stories? If you want to work for our
have a job for you as a waiter.            magazine as a reporter,  please call Karen at
Call AL Hotel at 556779                 558366
(3)HELP WANTED                  (4)CLEANER WANTED
Do you like babies? Can you look after one    Can you make a large house clean and
baby for two days? If you are sure to take good  tidy? If you hope to get the job paid at $20
care of it, call us at 766588.              once a week, call us this evening.
$ 80 0rmore                             8: 00-20: 20
Today Hurry                           Tell: 833800
The question is: If the owner of the large house asks a cleaner to tidy his house twice a week,  how much will the cleaner get in a month?  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:$120
B:$160
C:$200
D:$240A Russian, a Cuban, an American businessman and an American lawyer were on a train traveling across England. The Russian took out a large bottle of vodka, gave each of the men a drink and then threw the rest half bottle of vodka out of the window. "Why did you do that?" asked the American businessman. "There's too much vodka in my country," said the Russian, "And really we have more than we will ever use." A little later, the Cuban passed around fine Havana Cigars. Then he threw his out of the window. "I thought Cuba is not a rich country," the businessman said. "But you threw that very good cigars out of the window!" "Cigars," the Cuban answered, "are the cheapest in my country. We have more of them than we know what to do with." The American businessman sat quietly for a moment. Then he got up, caught the lawyer by the arm and threw him of the window.
The question is: The four people are traveling by   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:bus
B:air
C:train
D:seaIt' s 9:00 in the evening. The family are at home. Jim's father sits in a chair. He's watching TV . His mother stands near the window. She feeds  the birds--Polly. Polly says, "Thanks! Thanks!" Where is Jim? Oh, he's behind the door. Kate is looking for  him. They play games in Kate's room.
The question is: Where's Kate?
The possible answers are:
A:She's behind the door.
B:She's near the window.
C:She's in her room.
D:She plays games.Moreno, Stanley, and 23 other students from Westfield State College were on vacation in Acapulco, Mexico. This was the last night in the hotel. It was 4 am, Moreno and   Stanley came back from a party.
Just as Stanley went to sleep, he heard loud noise outside. From the balcony   of their fourth-floor room, Moreno and Stanley saw black smoke out of one window and heard people shouting.
Moreno ran out into the corridor and began knocking on doors and shouting, "Fire!" After that, he went upstairs in a hurry to tell other people. At the same time, Stanley was downstairs helping people get through the smoke-filled room. There he joined forces with Nalewanski, a 21-year-old boy who had a room on the second floor.
"Let's go," Nalewanski said. He and Stanley wet their shirts in the bathroom and put them around their mouths and noses so they could breathe. Then they ran up the stairs. On the fourth floor they found  Moreno feeling terrible (Moreno had made it up to the eighth floor before turning back). But after making sure he could get back down on his own, they continued upstairs, knocking on the doors on every floor.
In the end, no one was seriously hurt. Moreno said, "There were hundreds of people in the hotel. It was our duty to help them."
The question is: Which floor does Stanley live on?
The possible answers are:
A:The second floor.
B:The fourth floor.
C:The seventh floor.
D:The eighth floor.Li Peng is a good student. On weekdays he gets up at six in the morning. He has breakfast at home. Then he reads English from 6:30 to 7:00. He goes to school at seven. He has four classes in the morning. He has lunch at school, but on Sundays he has lunch at home with his family. He has three classes in the afternoon. He leaves school at 5:00. He often has dinner at home. In the evening he sometimes watches TV. Sometimes he does his homework. He goes to bed at ten o'clock every night.
The question is: How long does it take Li Peng to read English after breakfast?
The possible answers are:
A:6:30
B:7:00
C:an hour
D:thirty minutesWe can not live a modern life without traveling. The fastest way of traveling is by air. With a plane
one can travel in one day to places which it took a month or more to get to a hundred years ago.
Traveling by train is slower than by plane, but one can see the country he is traveling through.
Modern trains have comfortable seats and dinning-cars. They make even the longest journey enjo
yable.
Some people prefer to travel by sea when possible. There are large luxury liners or river boats
.They are not as fast as trains or planes, but traveling by sea is a very pleasant way to spend a holi
day.
Many people like to travel by car. They can make their own timetable. They can travel hundred
s of miles a day, just as their wish. They can stop wherever they want to see something interestin
g or to enjoy a good meal at a good restaurant, or to spend the night at a hotel. That is why peopl
The question is: e choose traveling by car for pleasant trips, while they usually take trains or planes for business.According to the passage, the fastest way of traveling is    _   .
The possible answers are:
A:bycar
B:bytrain
C:byplane
D:byseaPollution means adding dirty or harmful things to land, air, water and so on. As a result, they are no longer pleasant or safe to use. Pollution is bad for animals and plants, and it even makes people's health in danger. In our daily life, we can see different kinds of pollution in many places. There are three main forms of pollution: land pollution, air pollution and water pollution.
Land pollution is caused by solid waste, such as cans, bottles and some plastic things which aren't broken down quickly. It makes the environment look very bad. However, air pollution is more serious than land pollution. It is much worse in cities and towns because of the fumes  from traffic and the waste from human activities. When people drive their cars, fumes which are most made up of CO2, NO2 and SO2 are given off. After the gases get into the air, they may mix with clouds. Then they will become some harmful chemicals   falling on the ground with rain. It is one of the reasons for soil erosion   which is one example of water pollution.
Various kinds of pollution will cause many health problems. People have realized they must change this serious situation. There are many ways to control pollution. To develop alternative energy is very popular in many countries. China, for example, has made up its mind to be a leader in this field. It is trying hard to make full use of energy from the sun and wind. It has paid plenty of money to make electric cars and trains instead of traditional traffic. We should also take action to make our environment cleaner every day. Take cloth bags while going shopping and drive cars less. We have only one earth. We must take steps now to help protect our environment for the future wherever we are.
The question is: Which of the following is TRUE according to the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:Pollution hardly does harm to humans.
B:China doesn't want to develop alternative energy.
C:Air pollution will cause soil erosion and water pollution.
D:Land pollution is only caused by solid waste.My name is Bill. I have a friend called Mike. Today is Mike's birthday. I'm at his birthday party. There are a lot of friends in his house. Some stand beside the table and enjoy the snacks and drinks. There is some food on the table. I like the chocolate and the fruit very much. Mike sits on the sofa and chats with some friends there. He wears a yellow T-shirt and a pair of blue jeans. He looks so cool today. Wow! The cake is really big. There are some candles   on it. Mike's friends begin to sing 'Happy Birthday' to Mike. Mike is very happy. He blows out   the candles and cuts the cake. Everyone has a good time at the party.
The question is: What's on the cake?
The possible answers are:
A:the chocolate
B:some drinks
C:the fruit
D:some candlesDear Alice
You really have two different questions here, so we'll discuss them one at a time. Your problems at school may be a result of a number of things. You don't say much about how these classmates get along with each other. It's possible that all the students are feeling a little cautious  in the first term. It's also possible that the others are unkind. If this is not so, you have to find out why you are the class "outsider".In your letter you say you often offer to help others with their work. Is it possible that your classmates don't understand your offers? Could it seem that you were trying to "buy" friends with these offers, Is it possible that you took no notice of your classmates when you had your good friend near you? They may have felt hurt at that time. It may take a time for them to believe in you if so. Try to ask one classmate directly what the problem is. If you hear a negative  answer, at least you'll know what to do
Yours truly
Shelia
The question is: Which of the following is NOT true according to the letter?
The possible answers are:
A:Alice felt her classmates weren't kind to her.
B:Alice was very warm-hearted to help her classmates.
C:Alice didn't want to get along well with her classmates.
D:The girl asked two questions in her letter.There are plenty of possible reasons why you don't have any flowers near you. Perhaps, you just don't like them. Or maybe someone nearby doesn't. Maybe you're at work, and flowers are not allowed. Assuming  the problem is simply that you don't have time to go out and get flowers, you may be surprised to learn just how easy it actually is.
It's good to get flowers for yourself, but even better to be given them. I'm sure you know this, just as I'm sure there's someone special in your life who feels the same way. So why not take the chance to make someone happy, and get them some flowers? I know, you would, but it's just too much trouble.  Well, that's where you're wrong!
It' s a good excuse, and while it might have worked in the past, I'm afraid it doesn't work any more. Perhaps you are really too busy to go into town and get some flowers. On the other hand, the fact that you are reading this clearly shows that you have enough time to go online. Nowadays, you can buy pretty well anything online, and yes that includes flowers. By the way, there's another point to consider here. Price. I'm sure you've noticed that you can usually get things cheaper if you buy online, and flowers are no exception . For the same price as a few roses, you could have a full bouquet of flowers picked and arranged by an expert.
So why are you still here? Go online, and hunt down some flowers! There are plenty of flower shops available , and you should have no trouble finding one that
near you, especially if you live in a city or large town.  Then you're just a few clicks away from a beautiful bouquet.
,
The question is: This passage mainly tells us that   _   .
The possible answers are:
A:there are few flowers around us now
B:flowers are not allowed in the workplaces
C:people don't like flowers any more
D:how we can get flowers when we're busyChocolate is one of the most popular foods in the world. Many people choose it as a birthday gift. When a child gets a box of chocolate as a gift, he may feel happy. It is popular among people, especially among children.
Chocolate tastes nice. People eat chocolate candy, chocolate cake and chocolate cookies. They also drink hot chocolate.
Chocolate is made from cocoa beans. Here are some interesting things about cocoa beans.
In the past, the Mayas and the Aztecs used cocoa beans as money because they were small, easy to carry, and not easy to find. A turkey cost ninety cocoa beans and a small rabbit cost thirty cocoa beans. They also cooked the beans and mixed them with water. Sometimes they added corn or hot pepper. They did not add sugar. The drink was very expensive. Only rich people could buy it.
The question is: There are some different kinds of foods. Which is not mentioned in the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:chocolate candy
B:chocolate cake
C:chocolate cookies
D:chocolate ice creamDo you know Open Farm Sunday? It is a new day in Britain. It is the fourth mayional open day for the farming industry .Now it is setting more and more popular among people, especially among young people.
It is said that about 435 farms opened their gates to the public. The farmers invited people to their farms. Many people help the farmers work on the farms. They can do many things over there,such as water the crops and gather the crops. People could find pleasure of farming.
Open Farm Sunday is a good chance to enjoy the life of countryside,especially for people living in the cities.If you come to the farm,you will fall in love with the country life.Here you can listen to the birds,enjoy the beautiful _ of countryside breathe the fresh air and watch the crops grow.You can also work with the farmers and taste the produce,such as tomatoes and cucumbers.
One farmer said,"Welcome children to our farms. We will show you where your food comes from."
The question is: How many farms opened their gates to the public according to the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:About four hundred and five.
B:About four hundred and thirty-five.
C:About four hundred and fifty-five.
D:About four hundred and forty-two.Once Mr King had a cat, and he loved it very much. He called it "Sky", because he thought "Sky" was the strongest name in the world.
One day he had a meal at a restaurant with his cat. He met his old friend. He told him about his lovely cat and its name. His friend said, "How foolish you are! Sky is not the strongest thing in the world. My cat is called 'Cloud' because cloud is stronger than sky." After hearing this, Mr King called his cat "Wind" because he thought wind was stronger than cloud.
After a few days he suddenly thought that "Wall" was stronger than wind. And "Mouse " was stronger than wall. So he went to his friend to ask for an idea. His friend said, "Don't you think 'Cat' is stronger than mouse?" "Yes, but..."
The man thought and thought and then decided his cat's name had better be "Cat" because a mouse was always afraid of a cat. Don't you think Mr King is very silly or funny?
The question is: His cat's first name was   _   .
The possible answers are:
A:Sky
B:Cat
C:Wind
D:CloudWHAT is your favorite drink ? A bottle of cola ? If so , be careful ! Soft drinks are not all that healthy. They are bad for your teeth and make you fat .
How about energy drink  ?Sporty kids like them very much .This kind of drink has caffeine in it .It makes children active in sports . But don't drink too much .Or you will not sleep well ,maybe you'll find it hard to concentrate  in class .Energy drinks also have acid  .This is bad for your teeth .
So what can you drink ? Don't worry ,here are some cool and healthy drinks .Let's take a look .
Water  Water ? That's right . It is the best and bealthiest drink . Water has no sugar or calories  .It won't give you bad teeth or make you fat. How much water should you drink every day ? US research group Mayo Clinic suggest at least eight glasses of water a day (240 ml water a glass)
Juice  If you don't like fresh fruits and vegetables , 100 percent of juice can be goood .But don't drink too much , no more than 240 ml every day is good for you.Remember : If you open a bottle of fresh juice , please drink it in one go ,or it will go bad .
Milk   Milk helps you build a healthy body.Milk is rich in protein , vitamin D and calcium .They are all good for children's bones and teeth.
The question is: Why can energy drink make children active in sports?
The possible answers are:
A:There's caffeine in the drinks
B:They taste good
C:The bottles are very beautiful
D:There's acid in the drinks .When he was 16, his father seriously said to him, "I'll give you whatever you want before you are 18. But after that, I won't care much about you, and you should give me whatever I want." When his 18th birthday was coming, the young man began thinking about looking for a job. So he sent resumes  to many companies he liked on the Internet. But, most got no reply, he said, "Maybe they were surprised about my primary school education."
By chance, one of his friends was looking for someone, who could work as an egg porter  in the supermarket, for 0.5 Yuan a box. Facing lots of difficulties in getting a job, he said, "I'll take this job. At least I can make some money for my petrol ." Then every day, he drove his car, his 18th birthday gift, to work in the supermarket. He did that for three months.
Later, he heard that a newspaper was looking for a network technician , so he asked for it. But they were also worried about his school education. He practiced his skill right in front of the computer, and showed the managers web pages he had designed. He started to work the next day, and became the director of network department in less than a year.
And now, the 23-year-old man is a boss. In January 2005, he started a magazine for children, with himself as the editor in chief . And the only writer was his father.
The question is: The young man's father might be  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:a well-know and rich writer
B:a computer programmer
C:a very old and kind man
D:a manager of a big companyAn Apple's Words
I am an apple. You can find me growing  in many places  in the world. I am like my cousins, pears and bananas. I am more round than a pear, and bananas are longer than I. I am delicious , so people all over the world like to eat me. I cost very little money and I help make people healthy. There is a saying in English :
. Don't you think I'm great?
The question is: The bananas is    _    than the apple.
The possible answers are:
A:shorter
B:longer
C:more round
D:more deliciousDear Sammy,
I'm sorry I can't go to the Sports Center with you today.I have to see a doctor. Here are the directions   to the Sports Center.
From our house, go right ahead on Main Avenue. Walk past the police station and the City Fountain. Then cross the bridge. At the other side of the river, turn right. The Sports Center is on your left. You can't miss it. The basketball game starts at 1:00 p.m. so don't be late. By the way, let's have some ice-cream after you finish playing. We can meet at Choco's Ice-Cream Shop. It's right around the corner from the Sports Center. Your game should be over at 3:00 p.m. so I'll meet you there 10 minutes later.
Have fun!
Mom
The question is: Why won't Sammy's mother go to the Sports Center with him?
The possible answers are:
A:Because she has a meeting.
B:Because she has to go to work.
C:Because she has to see a doctor.
D:Because she has to go swimming.Traveling is one of the most important things and people have been interested in it for many years. Modern traffic develops  fast. So traveling to different places has become much easier than before.
Staying healthy while traveling can make your trip happier. But do you know how to keep healthy during a trip? The following information may be useful for you.
Before traveling:
Wear comfortable shoes, a hat and sunglasses.
Take some necessary medicine with you. They can be used when you get sick or have other problems.
If you do lots of sports like walking or climbing during your trip, you should do some exercise for weeks or months before you leave.
While traveling:
Be sure not to eat dirty food or bad fruit.
Have enough time to take a rest during your trip.
Tap water is not safe, so drink bottled water and always clean the cover of the bottle.
The question is: You should   _   before you leave your home for a trip.
The possible answers are:
A:take some medicine with you
B:clean the cover
C:drink much water
D:wear warm clothesNick is a 14yearold school boy.His life is full of exams and studies on weekdays.He has little free time.He thinks playing computer games is the best way to make him relax.When he has free time,he sits in front of the computer.Just like that way,he neither eats nor drinks for several hours.
Last weekend,he played games on the computer again.He was too excited and didn't want to move.He didn't have anything for six hours.When he had to go to the bathroom,he found he could not move.He was taken to the hospital.The doctor told him he should do some more different kinds of activities.In other words,he needs more exercise and outdoor activities to make him have a healthy body.
After coming back from the hospital,Nick follows the doctor's advice.He often plays soccer with his friends.Sometimes he still plays computer games on weekends,but he never does it for long.Now,he lives a happy and healthy life.
The question is: How old is Nick?
The possible answers are:
A:13.
B:14.
C:15.
D:16.Xiao Qing is a schoolboy. His brother works in a hospital of Beijing. This summer his brother lets him come to Beijing. Xiao Qing is very happy. He comes to the hospital for the first time.
One evening, Xiao Qing's brother gives him a ticket for a football match. It begins in the Capital Stadium  at eight clock in the evening.
Xiao Qing likes to watch football matches very much, but he doesn't know the way to the Capital Stadium. He asks a young man at the bus stop, "How much is the ticket to the Capital Stadium?" "Three yuan." Answers the young man.
Xiao Qing finds only two yuan in his pocket. He has to run to the next stop. When the bus comes to the stop, he sees the young man again. He asks the young man, "Now how much is the ticket?"
"Four yuan," the young man says with a smile. " You run in a contrary direction."
The question is: Xiao Qing wants to watch the football match  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:on TV
B:at home
C:in the playground
D:in the Capital StadiumWhen I was at university,I studied very hard.But a lot of my friends did very little work.Some did just enough to pass exams.Others didn't do quite enough.Fred Baines was one of them.He spent more time drinking in the Students' Union than working in the library.
Once at the end of the term,we had to take an important test in chemistry.The test had a hundred questions. In my room the night before the test,Fred was watching TV.Fred usually worried a lot the night before a test.But on that night he looked perfectly calm.Then he told me of his plan."It's very simple.There are a hundred questions and I have to get fifty correct to pass the test.I'll take a coin into the examination room.I haven't studied a chemistry book for months,so I'll just toss the coin.That way,I'm sure I'll get half the questions right."
The next day,Fred came happily into the exam room.As he sat tossing a coin for half an hour he marked down his answers.Then he left,half an hour before the rest of us.
The next day,he saw the chemistry professor in the corridor."Oh,good,"he said,"Have you got the result of the test?"The professor looked at him and smiled,"Ah,it's you,Baines.Just a minute."Then he reached into his pocket and took out a coin.He threw it into the air,caught it in his hand and looked at it.
"I'm terribly sorry,Baines,"he said,"You failed!"
The question is: The professor tossed the coin to tell Baines that   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:he was satisfied with his way for the exam
B:he wanted to make friends with him
C:his way for the exam would never work
D:the exam result depended on the coinThe King lived a small house near New York with their child . Sometimes Mr King came back from work very late. When his wife and the child were asleep, he opened the front door of his house with his key and came in very quietly.
But one night when he was coming home late, he lost his key. So when he reached his house , he rang the bell. Nothing happened. He rang it again. Again nothing happened. Nobody moved inside the house. Mr King knocked at the bedroom window. He spoke to his wife, he shouted, but she didn't wake up. At last he stopped and thought for a minute. Then he began to speak like a small child. "Mum," he said, "I want to go to the toilet." He spoke quietly, but at once Mrs King woke up. Then he spoke to her, and she opened the door for him.
The question is: One night when he found his key lost, he first  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:spoke to his wife
B:shouted at his wife
C:rang the bell
D:knocked at the bedroom windowIt was Mother's Day,but the young mother was a little unhappy,because she was 800 miles away from her parents.In the morning she phoned her mother to wish her a happy Mother's Day,and her mother told her about the beautiful lilacs in the garden.
Later that day,when she told her husband about the lilacs,he said,"I know where we can find all that you want.Get the children and come on."So they went,driving down the country roads.
There on a small hill,they saw a lot of beautiful purple lilacs.The young woman ran quickly to enjoy the flowers.Carefully,she picked a few here and a few there.On their way home there was a smile on her face.
When they were passing a nursing home ,the young woman saw an old granny sitting in a chair.She had no children with her.They stopped the car and the young woman walked to the old woman,put the flowers in her hands,and smiled at her.The old granny thanked her again and again.She smiled happily,too.
When the young mother came back to her car,her children asked her,"Who is that old granny?Why did you give our flowers to her?"
"I don't know her,"their mother said."But it's Mother's Day,and she has no children.I have all of you,and I still have my mother.Just think how much those flowers meant to her.
The question is: The young woman was a little unhappy on Mother's Day because   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:she didn't have a present
B:she was a long way from her mother
C:she didn't know it was Mother's Day
D:she wanted to see her fatherSomething bad happened to sam this morning. He fell over and broke his nose in the school hallway. When Sam looked up, he saw his friends. "Are you OK?" They asked him. But he didn't say anything to them. He stood up and ran to the classroom quickly. Sam put his schoolbag on his desk and went out to the school hospital. On his way back to the classroom he saw his friends again. They were laughing. Sam thought they were laughing at him, so he didn't talk to them for the rest of the morning.
At lunchtime, Sam's friends came up to him and asked, "How is your nose?" "Fine!" Sam shouted. "I saw you laughing at me this morning!" "We didn't. We laughed just because Jenny told us a joke," his friends said. "Well, I'm sorry. Can you _ me?" "Yes, of course. But next time you should ask us before you assume something." They looked at each other and laughed happily. They were still friends.
,,.
The question is: Where did Sam put his schoolbag?
The possible answers are:
A:In the school hallway.
B:In the school hospital.
C:On his desk.
D:On the playground.A teacher takes a very big bottle and puts a few big stones   into it. He asks the students, "Is the bottle full?"
They all answer, "Yes!"
The teacher then puts some small stones into the bottle. The small stones are between the big stones. He then asks, "Is it full now?"
Some students give no answer, but most answer, "Yes!"
The teacher then starts to put some sand   into the bottle. For the third time, the teacher asks, "Is it full?"
Now most students give no answer, but some still answer, "Yes!"
Then the teacher pours   a cup of water into the bottle. "What does it tell us?" asks the teacher.
One clever student answer, "No matter   how busy you are, you can always find time to do some more things."
"No," says the teacher. "If you don't put the big stones into the bottle first, you can never get _ in. The big stones are the important things in your life. If you fill your life with small things like the small stones, sand and water, you'll never have the time for the important things."
The question is: What does the teacher think is the most important?
The possible answers are:
A:The sand.
B:The water.
C:The big stones.
D:The small stones.Everyone needs friends. Friends bring us happiness and hope in our lives. But the ability to make friends changes from person to person. To some people, making friends is easy, and to others it's very difficult.
Making friends is a skill, and the first thing is to know how to get along with others.
If you have trouble in making friends, maybe I can tell you how to do it.
Realize your own good points. You have skills and talents that others will like.
Believe that you are a good person and have something nice to share with others.
Be humorous. Learn to laugh at yourself and your weakness. Remember to smile to others.
Respect others. Everyone has his own idea. Learn how to listen to others' ideas without trying to make them accept yours.
Be kind. If you are kind to others, they will usually be kind to you. There are hundreds of little things you can do to show kindness. Open the door for someone. Wave to a friend and so on.
Don't complain. Learn to accept what you can't change, and work hard to change what you can. No one is willing to hear your complaining all the time.
Never give up. Even if you are faced with some closed-minded people, never give up. And try to find someone who will understand you.
The question is: Which is the best title?
The possible answers are:
A:What makes good friends.
B:How to make friends.
C:What happiness means.
D:How to be friendly.My name is David Smith. I am an English boy. My family is in Hangzhou. My father and mother work here. My father is an engineer   and my mother is a teacher. I have a sister but no brothers. My sister and I are students of Nol. 1 Middle School. We love Hangzhou, and we love China, too. We have a nice house in Hangzhou. We have a color TV and a computer. My room is big. There is a bed, a desk and two chairs in it. My books are on the bookcase. I have a phone on my desk. There are some pictures on the wall. I like my room and I like these pictures very much.
The question is: David is from  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:England
B:China
C:America
D:HangzhouNo matter where the dads and their children go, that location immediately becomes a tourist destination. This has become a pattern for Hunan TV's reality show Where Are We Going, Dad? And last week the show was heading overseas for a special international episode. The entry has taken place in New Zealand, which was expected to become a popular travel destination for Chinese fans of the show. If you don't know much about New Zealand but would like to explore it, check out our travel guide to see what kinds of activities might interest you.
Nature and wildlife encounter
New Zealand was the last country on Earth to be settled by humans. As such, it's a paradise for exotic birds. You're also able to watch dolphins and whales on boat tours.
Possible itinerary  
1.Auckland: fly in and visit Tiritiri Matangi conservation project (bellbirds spotting); 2.Waipoua Forest: huge kauri trees; 3.Kaikoura: whale watching by boat or air seal watching, hike the Kaikoura Peninsula Walkway, join a dolphin encounter tour; 4.Wellington (Matiu/Somes Island): red-crowned parakeet, blue penguins, weta, skinks and tuatara; 5.Stewart Island: kiwi bird spotting; 6.Te Anau: takahe and kea; 7. Queenstown: fly to Auckland and finally  _ 43 _ .
Landscape lover
Landscape lovers may have heard that New Zealand is brimming with natural wonders like active volcanoes  , snowy mountaintops, glaciers perched near beaches and caves infested with glowworms. Indeed, you can't see many of these wonders anywhere else in the world.
Possible itinerary
1.Auckland: fly in; 2.Whangamata: beach resorts and The Coromandel Forest Park (short walks, mountain bike trails); 3.Waitomo: underground caves and glowworm caverns; 4.Rotorua: geothermal areas; 5.Abel Tasman: golden sand beaches (taking water taxi, sea kayaking, hiking, and snorkeling); 6.Fox Glacier and Franz Josef: biggest glaciers in the country (hiking and guided glacier walks); 7.Queenstown: crystal clear Lake Wakatipu (bungee jumping, sky diving, horse trekking and cycling); 8. Milford Sound: fjord (boat cruises, sea kayaking, diving and flightseeing); 9.Christchurch: fly back.
The question is: From the passage, we know that New Zealand is a travel destination for   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:landscape lovers
B:nature lovers
C:wildlife lovers
D:different kinds of travel loverAnimals do many different, amazing things to get through the winter. Some of them migrate .Many birds migrate in autumn. Because the trip can be dangerous, some travel in large groups. For example, geese   fly in noisy, "V"-shaped groups. Other kinds of birds fly alone.
Some animals stay active in winter. They must change themselves as weather changes. For example, a kind of rabbits grow white fur   to help them hide in the snow.
It's hard to find food in winter for animals. Some animals, like mice, collect lots of food in autumn. Some animals eat different kinds of food as the seasons change. The red fox eats fruit and insects
in spring, summer and autumn. In winter, it cannot find these things, so it eats small animals instead.  Some animals hibernate  for part or all of the winter. This is a special, very deep sleep. The animal uses very little energy. In autumn, these animals get ready for winter by eating much more food than in summer and storing it as body fat. Squirrels store food like nuts to eat later in winter. Bears and some bats hibernate.  Cold-blooded animals like fish, frogs and snakes have no way to keep warm during the winter.  Snakes find protection in holes, and spend the winter without moving during the whole season.
The question is: Rabbits spend the cold winter by   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:eating a lot
B:storing a lot of food
C:running often
D:growing white furOne Sunday evening, it was quite dark when old Stanley went for his walk. He was walking along the sidewalk, Suddenly, he saw a white car coming around the corner at high speed. It was going too fast and crashed into a red car in the street where he was walking. He rushed up to the cars to see if anyone was hurt and needed help.
The two drivers were arguing.
"You came around the corner too fast," one man said.
"No!" said the driver of the white car, "That's not true! Your car was parked in a wrong place."
Stanley listened to their argument and then said the white car driver was wrong to drive too fast. The driver of red car asked Stanley to prove he was right in court . Stanley gave the driver his name and telephone number.
Next Thursday morning, Stanley was asked to go to the court. The lawyer  for the driver of the white car asked him a lot of questions about what he had seen. Then he asked Stanley how old he was.
"I'm eighty-two," answered Stanley.
"Do you usually wear glasses ?" asked the lawyer.
"Yes, I do," answered Stanley.
"Were you wearing them on the night of the accident?" the lawyer asked.
"No," replied Stanley.
Then the lawyer said, "Why should the court believe you? You are eighty-two years old, you were not wearing your glasses, and it was dark. How far can you see in the dark?"
Stanley thought about it for a minute. "Well," he said, "when it's dark, I can see the moon. How far is that?"
The question is: Maybe the red car driver contacted Stanley by   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:writing a letter to him
B:sending an email to him
C:paying a visit to him
D:making a phone call to himDubai is a city of big business, expensive hotels , skyscrapers ,and shopping malls, In the early 20th century, Dubai was a successful trading port. People from the world stopped in Dubai to do business, But it was still a small city, and most people lived as fishermen and businessmen. Then in 1966, oil was discovered. This brought a lot of money into the area, and soon Dubai began to change.
Today Dubai is one of the world's most important business centers. In fact , each year the city gets its money mainly from business, not oil.
Recently Dubai has attracted more and more visitors from abroad, They come to relax on its beaches, and every year, millions visit just to go shopping!
Dubai is also one of the world's fastest growing cities. Many tall buildings are built in months. The city also has many man-made islands.One of these, the Palm Jumeirah, is like a palm tree and is very beautiful.
The city is still an amazing mix of people from different countries . The people from 150 countries live and work in Dubai , and foreigners now _ Dubai natives  by eight to one!
Many people welcome the city's growth. But an increasing number of Dubai natives worry about the speed of change As a Dubai native says, " _ ."
The question is: Which of the following is NOTtrue?
The possible answers are:
A:Dubai has created many man-made islands.
B:There are many foreigners working in Dubai.
C:Many international visitors come to Dubai every year.
D:Dubai now gets money mainly from selling oil.If you or someone near you is in danger, how will you do the first aid? Mr. Zhang, a doctor in Beijing First Aid Center has some useful suggestions.
Check the environment. Watch the situation carefully. Is there anything that might do harm to you? Will you or the victim be hurt by fire, harmful smoke, a broken building, electrical wires or other dangerous situations? Do not rush into a place where you could be a victim yourself.
If being close to the victim will put your life in danger, search for skilled help at once. Skilled people have received special training and know how to deal with these situations. First aid isn't helpful if you do it but hurt yourself.
Call for help. Call the police or some other first-aid services immediately if you believe someone is seriously injured. If you are the only person on the scene, try to restart the patient's breath before calling for help. Do not leave the victim alone.
Care for the person. Care for someone who has just gone through serious hardness. Remember to stay calm, encourage him (her) and you should be _ . Let the person know that help is on its way and that everything will be all right.
The question is: When you find someone in danger, you should   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:rush into the place where the victim lies at once
B:deal with all situations by yourself
C:restart the patient's breath after calling for help
D:stay calm and encourage the victimMr and Mrs Smith have just opened a small restaurant. In order to attract customers, they put a notice in front of the restaurant, which said: "Meals on the house for three days."
A foreign student who didn't know much English passed by the restaurant on the second day. It was lunchtime and he felt hungry. "Well, here is a restaurant. I'm going to have something to eat," he said.
He saw the notice when he walked towards the restaurant. "American people are really strange. They even eat dinners on the house! But how can I get onto the top of the house?" he asked himself
He looked around and found a ladder against a tree nearby. He was very glad. But as he reached the top, he heard someone shouting at him, "Hey, what are you doing up there?" Mr Smith was looking at him angrily. Beside him was a policeman.
'Doesn't your notice say 'Meals on the house for three days'? Is it just a joke?" the foreign student answered.
On hearing this, both Mr Smith and the policeman burst into laughter.
Do you know the meaning of on the house"?
The question is: The student  _  so Mr Smith shouted at him.
The possible answers are:
A:was very hungry
B:knew little about English
C:climbed onto the top of the house
D:took away the ladderWhen most people think of the Olympics, they don't think of science. But in the USA, each year, students take part in a kind of competition called the Science Olympiad.
It has a lot of different events. Students go there to show how much they know about the science of music, biology, chemistry and others. My best event is forestry  . This time, I went to the Olympiad with my school's team. We had worked hard, but this was the state competition. It would be hard to win.
The Olympiad was out of town, so we got to ride on a bus and stay in a hotel for a night. The Olympiad was in three big rooms. When we got there, we set up our team's "camp" off to one side. The big day had come at last! First, I went to watch the tower building competition. That's when students build small towers and put heavy things on top of it. They hope they can hold them up. One of my schoolmates was putting things on her tower. She was nervous, and in the end it was too heavy for her tower to hold it--it broke! I felt bad for her. After lunch, I helped some teammates with their events. One was geography, and the other was history. I don't know much about those things, so I just watched my teammates do most of the work. At last, it was time for my favorite event--forestry. Another student was also in the forestry event. The rules were easy. We had to look at more than 40 different kinds of leaves and find out which plants they were from. We also had to answer some questions about the uses of each leaf. I knew almost all of the leaves and could answer most of the questions. I had spent more than a month studying on the Internet to get ready. At the end, it was time for the awards  , I was nervous, because the forestry awards were last. We won second place in the whole state! A nice man gave me a medal and smiled at me.
I had a great time at the Science Olympiad. I can't wait for next year!
Choose the best answer according to the passage.
The question is: Which of the following is true?
The possible answers are:
A:When people talk about Olympics, they never think of the sports games.
B:The writer got some help from others in getting ready for the competition.
C:No one thinks the Olympics has anything to do with science.
D:The writer thought the competition was difficult.Jamie was born in a small village in the north of England. He is nine years old. He likes playing basketball very much. When he is free, he always plays basketball with his friends in the open air. Sometimes he walks in the forest and picks some flowers by himself.
Last Friday, Jamie finished his homework after the second class in the morning. He hurried to play basketball. The playground was wet. After some time his basketball was dirty and his hands were dirty, too. It was 9: 45 and the third class began. Jamie had no time to wash his hands and ran into his classroom. Mr Black, his English teacher, told Jamie to write some new words on the blackboard. Jamie stood in front of the blackboard and started to write. Mr Black saw his right hand was dirty.
"Oh, dear!" said the teacher. "Your right hand is dirty. I'm sure it's the dirtiest in our class."
"You are wrong, Mr Black," said Jamie. Then he showed his left hand and it was dirtier.
The question is: Jamie's hands were dirty last Friday because  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:the playground was wet
B:he picked flowers in the morning
C:he has no habit of washing his hands
D:there was no water to wash his handsI love to tell the story about how I met my best friend---- Tiger. We met at the school fair. Each year, all the fourth-grade classes hold a school fair. Everyone in the fourth-grade works at the fair. Some sell ice cream, drinks and snacks. Others take care of the little children who ride the rides.
I got the second job and I've never regretted it, because that's where I met Tiger.
My job was to help little children get on the back of a little horse. I kept telling the children to wait their turn and holding ice cream for them while they rode about. One thing was clear to me. I was growing older and should be more responsible.
Suddenly, a boy came to the horse. He took the little horse's reins! The horse stopped, and the girl on its back started to fall. I was trying to reach the girl when I saw Tiger go by my legs. It held the horse's reins and pulled the horse away from my legs. I caught the girl just before we both hit the ground. The girl sat on top of me. She was laughing at the ice cream on my face. The horse's reins were in Tiger's mouth!
Thanks to Tiger's fast action, I saved the little girl. We were both heroes. And Tiger, the fastest dog I've even known became my new best friend.
The question is: According to the passage,   _   work at the fair.
The possible answers are:
A:ice cream sellers
B:all the school children
C:little boys and girls
D:the fourth-grade studentsLast summer Jenny and her friends had a bus trip to New York. She felt very relaxed on the way. They visited a museum. But it was really crowded there and the display  was not interesting at all. They went to different restaurants to have dinner. Some food was quite delicious, but Jenny thought the fast food was awful. When the weather was fine, they went to the beach to swim. The sea was beautiful, and they had a good time.
The question is: They ate dinner  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:at home
B:in the museum
C:in a restaurant
D:at schoolIn April this year, lots of bags full of small change  were seen at bus stops in Tianjin. They were made for passengers to turn their notes into small change. And such an idea came from four students from Zhongbei Middle School, Tianjin.
"People will surely feel worried when they take a bus without coins. We just want to do something to help them," said Wang Yongcun, 15, one of the four students.
The four boys spent their whole weekend making the change bags. After that they went to see the number of the passengers at each bus stop near their school, and then chose the top six stops to put the bags.
Many people think that the four boys have really done a good job. But, things didn't go as the boys thought. Two days later, they found that the money was gone, and that even the bags were taken. It really made them sad but they would not give up. Their classmates and teachers came to help them in time. They put their pocket money in bags again. And the teachers also taught them to make better change bags. They tried their best to do it.
The four boys feel very happy because they have done something good for the passengers. Their warm hearts are moving. More and more people are beginning to join in the activity.
The question is: It took   _   the whole weekend to make the change bags.
The possible answers are:
A:the parents
B:the teachers
C:the passengers
D:the four boysThere was a beautiful garden. Every year the king would go to the garden to decide which flower was the most beautiful one.
For the last few years, the rose was always Number One. Because of this, the rose Gulaab became _ It would never let birds stay on its flower. Then all the birds started staying away from Gulaab.
Behind Gulaab, there was a little yellow flower. People called it Junglee. Junglee wasn't more beautiful than Gulaab, but it welcomed the birds to stay on its flower. All the birds in the garden liked it.
This year the king went to the garden as before. The gardener pointed at the rose and said to the king, " Your favourite flower, my king."
Of course, the king also saw the yellow flower behind it and asked, "What flower is that?"
"Oh! That's Junglee, a wild flower."
" I didn't see a flower like it before. There are so many birds on it. I think it's much more beautiful than the rose. It will be the King Flower of this year!" said the king.
The question is: What is the best title for the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:The king's garden
B:The clever king
C:The flowers and the birds
D:The most beautiful flowerLast Thursday, a young woman saved an elderly man from a burning house on Garden Road. The young woman's name is Kitty and she works in a clothes shop. The elderly man, Daniel, lives just opposite the clothes shop. On Thursday afternoon, Kitty looked out of the window. She saw some smoke coming from Daniel's house and rushed over to see what was happening. The house was on fire and Daniel was inside. Kitty quickly called the fireman on 999. Then, she ran into the house to save Daniel. She found Daniel in his bedroom and he was frightened. Kitty helped Daniel out to a safe place. Five minutes later the fireman arrived and they put out the fire. No one was hurt.
The next day, Daniel said,"I am so grateful to Kitty. She saved my life."Daniel also said,"In the future, I will be more careful. I don't want another fire in my house."
The question is: The number to call the firemen in the story is  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:eight nine nine
B:one one nine
C:nine eight eight
D:nine nine nineIt is a fine Sunday morning. There're many Young Pioneers in the park. They are having a good time . Some are playing games under a tree. Some are singing and dancing near the river. Some are running up the hill. Others are boating on the river. Where's Li Lei? He's sitting on a chair by the river. What is he doing? He's reading. Where are Lucy and Lily? They're on the meadow .What are they doing? They are running after a butterfly .They want to catch  it.
The question is: Where is Li Lei?   _
The possible answers are:
A:He's sitting on the river.
B:He's reading by the river.
C:He's drawing on the chair.
D:He's boating on the river.In 1834, the clock tower in London was burned down. People planned to build a new clock which would be the biggest and best in the world. So the clock had to be big and keep very good time. The big clock was made in two years. Five more years later the tower was finished. Then people put the big clock in the tower, and made it ring out for the first time on July 11, 1859.
In order to give the bigclock a good name, people held a meeting. Someone wanted to call it the Queen of Bells, and someone thought Victoria was good. At last, a man named Benjamin Hall stood up. He was a big man. Before he started to speak, someone shouted, "Why not call it Big Ben? "Everybody laughed and agreed with him.
From then on, Big Ben became its name. And it also became a famous building of London. People all over the world write to Big Ben. They even send birthday presents--bottles of oil-to help keep Big Ben running. Big Ben is not only a clock but also a dear friend ofpeople.
The question is: Which of the following is NOT true?
The possible answers are:
A:People all over the world look Big Ben as their friend.
B:People all over the world even send oil to Big Ben.
C:People think Big Ben will reply their letters.
D:People think Big Ben is the biggest and best clock in the world.Hemingway was one of the famous writers. He was born in America in 1899. His father was a doctor and loved sports very much, and his mother taught music. Among the six children in the family, Hemingway was the second oldest.
Hemingway had written many books in his life. The Old Man and the Sea is one of the most famous and also my favourite. It came out in 1952. The main character in the book is a fisherman. He is an old man and fishes alone. People think he is a man with bad luck, because he doesn't get a fish in eighty-four days. Every evening, he comes home with his empty boat. But the old man believes himself. Then on the eighty-fifth day the man takes a big fish. Although he meets a lot of trouble, the old man never gives up .
,.
The question is: What can we learn from the old man?
The possible answers are:
A:When we are in trouble, we should not give up.
B:When we want to fish, we can get a big fish.
C:We can do everything well because we are young.
D:We can live a better life if we like fishing.There were two McDonalds--Mac and Dick--and they were brothers. In 1948, they owned a restaurant in California, they liked working in the restaurant, but they got tired of the customers ordering so many different things to eat.
"If we gave customers a smaller menu, we could make some of the food before they came, and they wouldn't have to wait so long for their meals," said one of the brothers. The other brother agreed and said, "And if we made the customers come to the counter, we wouldn't need any waiters or waitresses. We could also use plastic plates so there wouldn't be any washing-up."
These were such good ideas that McDonald brothers used them, and the customers were very pleased. They got their meals very quickly--in less than a minute--and they paid only 15 cents for hamburgers and 10 cents for fries. The first McDonald's restaurant had no seats for customers to sit on. This meant that people had to take their food away, and that no one had to clean up any tables after them.
Then a man called Ray Kroc came to the brothers and asked to buy their business. They agreed to sell it to him for$27 million. After that, people paid Ray Kroc to open their own restaurants using the McDonald's name and menu. Before long, there were McDonald's restaurants all over the United States, and nowadays, they are all over the world--even in China and Russia. The most successful McDonald's business is in Hong Kong of China. The Hong Kong McDonald's sells more hamburgers every day than any other McDonald's anywhere else in the world.
McDonald's restaurants are so successful because children love going to them. They like the food, and they like the toys and games they can get at McDonald's.
The question is: This story mainly tells us   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:a restaurant in California in 1948
B:how Ray Kroc made money for the McDonald brothers
C:where McDonald's restaurants are in the world.
D:how the McDonald's business started and grewJudie is a good student. She usually gets up at half past six in the morning. She does morning exercises   for half an hour. Then she reads English from 7:00 a. m. to 7:30 a. m. She has breakfast at home. She goes to school at 7:45 a. m. She has four classes in the morning. She usually has lunch at school, but on Sundays she has lunch at home with her family. She has three classes in the afternoon. She goes home at 5:00 p.m. She usually has dinner at about 6:00 p.m. Then she does her homework from 7:00 p.m. to 9:00 p.m. She doesn't like watching TV in the evening.
The question is: What does Judie do in the evening?
The possible answers are:
A:Reads English.
B:Does her homework.
C:Watches TV.
D:Cooks dinner.Miss Li is my English teacher. She is from Shanghai. She has one English class every day. Oh, no! She has two English classes on Tuesday.
Miss Li has two daughters. One is in our class, Class Two. Sally likes sports. She plays soccer every day. Her favorite soccer player is Ronaldo from Brazil  . Sally's twin   sister Susan is in Class One. She doesn't like any subjects. She doesn't like to do her homework. She only likes playing with her friend, Jeff. Jeff is a white cat.
The question is: We can know Ronaldo is a (n)   _   from the passage  .
The possible answers are:
A:English teacher
B:student
C:soccer player
D:actorI love collecting old paving bricks ( ). It is my favourite hobby. I started it last year when I needed to help our teacher to hold a fair display ( ) for our school. A few years earlier, I read an article about paving bricks in a fashion magazine. I found it was very interesting, so I decided to do the display on the bricks. But we didn't have so many bricks for a good display. Then I decided to go out and look for them.
Now I have collected hundreds of bricks. Most of them are from Ohio ( ). Actually , there are more than one thousand different kinds of bricks in Ohio. Sometimes, I bought some old but special bricks on the Internet. The price is from 5 to 10 dollars for one brick.
Sometimes, people can't understand why I buy bricks. I must say that it's my favourite hobby.
The question is: I came to know paving bricks  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:in the library
B:on the Internet
C:in a newspaper
D:in a magazineZhou Yan, a Junior 3 student, wishes he never got a mobile phone. Last week, he went to see a doctor because his arms and fingers  were injured. The doctor told him that he had had "mobile phone disease ". A growing number of teenagers are getting "mobile phone disease" because more and more are using mobile phones.
Zhou got his mobile phone five months ago. He sent messages to his friends with it all the time, even when going to bed. Zhou started to do badly in exams because he spent too much time playing with his mobile phone. His mom got very angry with him, but he didn't stop playing with the mobile phone until his arms got injured.
Yang Ling, a doctor, says that if someone uses his mobile phone too much, like Zhou Yan, he might get "mobile phone disease". If teenagers find their arms or fingers hurt , they should go to see a doctor as soon as possible. Yang says teenagers should try to use their mobile phones less, especially  at school.
The question is: If someone has "mobile phone disease", it means  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:the mobile phone brought him a disease
B:something is wrong with his mobile phone
C:he can't live without the mobile phone
D:he hates the mobile phone very muchLast Friday a storm swept through two villages in the New Territories, destroying   fourteen homes. Seven others were so badly damaged that their owners had to leave them, and fifteen others had broken windows or broken roofs. One person was killed, several were badly hurt and taken to the hospital, and a number of other people received light hurt.
In total, over two hundred people were homeless. Mr Tan said that the storm began early in the morning and lasted for over an hour. "I was eating with my wife and children when we heard a loud noise," he said. "Several minutes later, our house fell down on top of us. We tried our best to climb out but then I saw that one of my children was missing. I went back inside and found him safe but very frightened."
Mrs Woo said that her husband had just left for work when she felt that her house was moving. She ran outside at once with her children. "There was no time to take anything," she said. "A few minutes later, the roof came down."
Soldiers helped to take people out of the flooded  area and the welfare department  brought them food, clothes and shelter.
The question is: Where was Mr Tan when the storm began?
The possible answers are:
A:He was in the park.
B:He was inside the house.
C:He was outside the house.
D:He was on the roof.We can not live a modern life without traveling.The fastest way of traveling is by air.With a plane people can travel in one day to places which it took a month or more to get to a hundred years ago.
Traveling by train is slower than by plane, but people can see the country when they are traveling through.Modern trains have comfortable seats and dinning-cars.They make even the longest journey  enjoyable.
Some people prefer to travel by sea when possible.There are large luxury liners  or river boats.They are not as fast as trains or planes, but traveling by sea is a very pleasant way to spend a holiday.
Many people like to travel by car.They can make their own timetable.They can travel hundreds of miles or only fifty miles a day, just as their wish.They can stop wherever they want to see something interesting or to enjoy a good meal at a good restaurant, or to spend the night at a hotel.That is why people choose traveling by car for pleasant trips, while they usually take trains or planes for business.
The question is: According to  the passage, the fastest way of traveling is   _
The possible answers are:
A:by car
B:by train
C:by plane
D:by seaAfter breakfast Mrs. Beckman started packing the bags. She bought the tickets to London. Her husband works there. She and her children are going to fly there to see him. Thomas and Katy can't help her and she told them to play outside.
"It often rains in London in autumn," the woman said to herself, " I'd better take the umbrellas. So I won't buy any when it rains there."
Suddenly , she heard Thomas crying and ran out at once. She asked, " What's the matter?"
"Katy pulled my hair," the boy said in tears .
"Don't be angry," said the woman. "She's too young. She doesn't know pulling hair hurts "
And then she went to the house again. After a short time there was more crying. She had to come out to see what the matter was.
This time Thomas said, "Now she knows."
The question is: Thomas cried because  _
The possible answers are:
A:He didn't want to play with Katy
B:Katy ate his fruit
C:Katy didn't play with him
D:He hurt.Tibet is among the most popular places for Chinese tourists. The number of travelers to Tibet has grown by 10% every year for a few years. Since July 1,2006, when the first train ran 1956 kilometers from Xining to Lhasa, more and more people have been going to Tibet.
The train stops at several famous places along the way, such as Qinghai Lake, Kunlun Mountain, and the Potala Palace. Passengers can also enjoy many activities during the journey, like Tibetan dancing and Karaoke.
On the train, passengers can have tea, eggs and noodles for breakfast, and fried chicken and green vegetables for lunch and dinner. Unlike most Chinese trains which have open - hole toilets, this one has special toilets which can collect the waste. There is also a special rubbish system   in the train that keeps the environment clean. All the windows on the train can protect people from the bright sunlight. TV and electrical sockets   for computers and mobile phones can be found on the train.
Because there isn't much oxygen there, trains will have oxygen masks   for those who need _ . It makes passengers feel more comfortable when they have enough oxygen on the famous "roof of the world". There are also doctors on the train to make sure that all of the travelers are safe.
The question is: The train is unlike most Chinese trains except its  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:windows
B:toilets
C:sockets
D:rubbishPeople have their own ways of saying things with their own special expressions. Some of these expressions are easy to understand. "As Easy as Falling off a Log  " is one such expression. It describes a job that does not take much effort. If you ever tried to walk on a falling tree log, you may understand what the expression means. It is easier to fall off the log than to stay on it.
There are several other expressions that mean the same thing. And their meaning is as easy to understand as falling off a log. One is "Easy as Pie." Nothing is easier than eating a piece of sweet juicy pie, unless it is a piece of cake. "A Piece of Cake" is another expression that means something is extremely easy to do.
Another expression is "As Easy as Shooting Fish in a Barrel  ". Clearly, fish in a barrel will be much easier to shoot than fish in a river. In fact, it would be as easy as falling off a log.
Sometimes, things that come to us easily also leave us just as easily. In fact, there is an expression "Easy Come Easy Go". Another easy expression is "To Go Easy on a Person". It means to treat a person kindly or gently, especially in a situation where you might be expected to be angry with him. A wife might ask her husband to go easy on their son, because the boy did not mean to destroy the toy. If you want to borrow some money to fix the car, you should look for a friend who is an "Easy Touch". An easy touch or a soft touch is someone who is kind and helpful.
And there is one more expression that means do not worry or work too hard. Try to keep away from difficult situations. "Take it easy", until we meet again.
The question is: Which of the following is NOT true according to the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:That he goes easy on me means that he is angry with me.
B:He is always helping others, so he is an easy touch.
C:When he asks me to repair his broken bike, I say, "A piece of cake. I can help repair it."
D:When a girl loses her way, I say, "Take it easy, I will send you home."A blind boy sat on the steps of a building with a hat by his feet. He held up a sign which said, "I am blind, please help."
There were only a few coins in the hat. A man was walking by. He took a few coins from his pocket and dropped them into the hat. He then took the sign, turned it around, and wrote some words. He put the sign back so that everyone who walked by would see the new words.
Soon the hat began to fill up. A lot more people were giving money to the blind boy. That afternoon the man who had changed the sign came to see how things were. The boy heard his footsteps and asked, "Were you the one who changed my sign this morning? What did you write?"
The man said, "I only wrote the truth. I said what you said but in a different way."
What he had written was, " Today is a beautiful day but I cannot see it." Do you think the first sign and the second sign were saying the same thing?
Of course, both signs told people the boy was blind. But the first sign simply told people to help by putting some money in the hat. The second sign told people that they were able to enjoy the beauty of the day, but the boy could not enjoy it because he was blind.
The first sign simply said the boy was blind. The second sign told people they were so lucky that they were not blind.
The question is: What happened to the blind boy after the man wrote the words on the sign?
The possible answers are:
A:The boy was taken away by the police
B:Nobody gave the blind boy money any more
C:More people dropped money into the boy's hat
D:The blind boy could see the beautiful dayHello! My name is Joy. I'm a girl. I'm eleven. I'm in Class Eight, Grade Seven. This is my friend, Joan. She is twelve. She is in a Middle school. She is in Class Seven, Grade Eight. My English teacher is Miss White, but her English teacher is Miss Green. Look!Who's that? Oh, she's my mum. She's a Chinese teacher.
The question is: Joy's mother is   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:an English teacher
B:a friend
C:a student
D:a Chinese teacherThis is Tom's bedroom. It is very nice. A pair of shoes is behind the door. They are black and blue. He likes them very much. His desk is near the bookcase. It is not too big. A red sofa is behind the desk. You can see a clock and some books on the desk. His English books are in his schoolbag. The bag is on the red sofa.
The question is: It's    _   bedroom .
The possible answers are:
A:my
B:her
C:he
D:hisNancy and Sheila are in the same class. They are friends. Nancy wants to invite Sheila to dinner on Sunday. But Sheila doesn't know the way. Now Nancy is telling her.
"It's easy. You can take No. 4 bus. After you get off at Red Road. cross it and take the first turning on the left. Walk along the road for about five minutes. and then you'll see a big tree. Go straight on for about a hundred meters. and you will see a big red house. This is not my home. Go past the big house about four hundred meters. and you'll see a small yellow house beside a little tree. Then you can open the door with your foot."
"With my foot?" asks Sheila. "Why?"
"Well. you won't come to my house empty-handed , will you?"  answers Nancy.
The question is: Which of the following is true?
The possible answers are:
A:Nancy and Sheila are classmates.
B:Sheila should take No. 5 bus first.
C:Nancy asks Sheila to come to her home on Saturday.
D:Sheila knows Nancy's home very well.Many people like spring, because they can go out and do many kinds of activities. We made a survey about the activities that people like to do in spring. Here are the results.
Scott:
In spring, I often visit my uncle and I like fishing with him. I also like boating and enjoy the beach. Last spring my uncle and I went boating. The dolphins came so close to us. It was very amazing. I hope that I can go there again soon.
Linda:
My favorite spring activity is gardening  . I think it is relaxing to work in the garden. I grow many flowers in my garden every year. They are so beautiful.
Nancy:
I love spring. I love going to the beach and spending a whole day there. It is so relaxing to lie on the beach. I also like surfing in the sea.
James:
I am twelve years old. My favorite spring activity is swimming. I started to learn swimming when I was seven years old. I always have a good time with my friends in the river.
The question is: Both   _   and   _   enjoy the beach.
The possible answers are:
A:Scott; Linda
B:Nancy; James
C:Scott; Nancy
D:Linda; JamesAlderbury International Festival Society
FESTIVAL  22ND  MAY-9TH JUNE 2012
Art
Displays of paintings, drawings and photographs from Europe and Asia are all part of the Festival programme, with a total of more than 400 pieces of work to be seen.
Early century advertisements will be on display at this year's festival. Copies of these advertisements are to be sold at the box office.
Music
There will be a huge rang of music in this year's festival from 14thdance music to modern jazz. Many famous musicians will be visiting the Festival as well as at least two internationally famous bands.
Lunchtime concerts-Every day of the Festival!
All lunchtime concerts begin at 1:00p.m. and last about 55 minutes, except on Monday, 26 of May, which is to be held in the Guildhall. All tickets are priced at PS2.00.
How to get the tickets
Telephone reservations: 63362/6641 from 1stApril
Payment for tickets reserved by telephone must be received at the Festival Box Office within 3 days. The tickets will then be sent by post.
One can buy tickets in person from 1stMay. The Festival Box Office will be open as follows:
Monday to Saturday 9:30 a.m.-5:30 p.m.
Sunday(during the Festival only )9:30 a.m.-1:00 p.m.
The question is: On 1stApril, you can   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:enjoy modern jazz
B:receive tickets by post
C:listen to lunchtime concerts
D:phone for ticket reservationsOne day an old man is selling  a horse. A young man comes to the horse and begins to look at it slowly.
Then the old man goes up to him and says in his ears, "Don't say anything about the horse before I sell it, then I will give you some meat."
"All right," says the young man. After the old man sells the horse, he gives the young man some meat and says, "Now, can you tell me how you see the bad ears of the horse?"
"I didn't find the bad ears," says the young man. "Then why do you look at the horse?" asks the old man.
The young man answers, "Because I never saw a horse before, and I want to know what it looks like."
The question is: The old man promised to give some   _   to the young man.
The possible answers are:
A:presents
B:money
C:food
D:meatAll boys and girls like good stories. I am sure that all children who read The Ugly Duckling will be glad to know something about the 'King of Story Tellers', who wrote it for them. Thousands and thousands of children have read this story, only to ask for it again and again. It has travelled the wide world over, and has been told in every country.
Hans Christian Andersen, the author of "The Ugly Duckling," was born in Denmark. If you look on a map, you will see this little country in northern Europe. There, in the little village of Odense, he spent his boyhood. His father and mother were very poor. The family lived in two little rooms near the top of a house, where his father worked as a shoemaker.
On the roof was a box filled with earth. In this box his mother planted her vegetables. Little Hans loved to walk with his father in the woods, where he could pick wild flowers and hear the birds sing. His father read to him when his work was done, or told him stories. What his father did helped him open up a new world.
Once, when Hans was still a child, he went into a wheat field with his mother and a number of children, to pick the rest wheat which the reapers  had left in the field. While they were busy picking only a small amount of wheat for each of them, an angry bailiff  came rushing into the field, armed with a whip . All ran, as fast as they could, away from the angry man. _ and the sharp stalks  of the wheat plants which had been cut down, cut his feet so that he could not get away.
Unafraid, the boy faced the angry man and his upraised whip. "How dare you hit me when you know God sees you?" he cried, looking fearlessly into the face of the angry bailiff. The whip came down, but not on little Hans. The bailiff admired the boy's courage, and praised him for it. He sent him home with gifts, rather than punishments.[:]
While Hans was still a boy, his kind father died. Then Hans and his mother were left alone, to care for each other.
"What will you do, Hans?" the mother asked "Would you like to become a tailor?"
"No, mother," the boy answered; "I will go to Copenhagen and study. One day I shall write books."
"But where will the money be found to pay your way?" asked the mother.
"I will work, and God will take care of me," Hans replied.
So the boy left his native village and walked all the way to Copenhagen, which was very far.
The question is: Which of the following is NOT true according to the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:Little Hans' father made a living by making shoes .
B:Little Hans' father made a good difference to his life.
C:Little Hans is a brave and smart boy.
D:Little Hans' father would pay hiswayto Copenhagen.In north America people are always in a hurry.Children have special lessons or sports activities after school.Parents often work late and don't get home until 7 or 8 o'clock at night.More than 50% of women work at full-time jobs,and many people do part-time work.Most North American families don't have time to eat many meals together.
When a family takes the time to eat a meal together,often there isn't enough time to prepare the food That is why "fast food "is so popular in North America.People spend about 40% of their dollars on fast food.
Fast food is food such as pizza, sandwiches or fried chicken.People usually buy the food from a restaurant chain  such as Pizza Hut,McDonald's,or Kentucky Fried Chicken.Fast food saves time,but it is not very nutritious .
Fast food is popular in many countries.American fast-food companies now have restaurants all over the world.But not everyone is happy about the spread( of North American fast food.A group of people in Italy want to fight against it.They do not want any more fast-food chains to open restaurants in their country.They also want to fight against the spread of fast food everywhere in the world.
The question is: The passage is mainly about   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:fast food
B:history of fast food
C:fast food in Italy
D:fast food restaurantsA group of fifteen-year-old students at Sunshine School are holding a charity sale to raise money to help their classmate Lisa. Lisa had cerebral palsy  when she was a baby. People who have cerebral palsy have trouble walking. Although Lisa has to use a wheelchair  to help her get around, she never gives up. And she is always ready to help others.
"Lisa has the chance of standing up, but she needs an operation  which will cost lots of money." Lisa's doctor said.
"I never thought that I could stand up one day. Actually the news is surprising for me. However, when I see my parents are worried about the cost of the operation, I am sad. I am used to my life. I don't mind if I can't stand up." Lisa said. "Now my classmates and some other kind people are helping me. I am really thankful. If I stood up one day, I could try my best to help more people."
"While helping Lisa, we can also learn a lot. We have learned how to cook cookies  and how to sell them," Betty, one of Lisa's classmates said. "Now we know making money is not easy, so we won't waste money anymore."
Alex, a boy in Lisa's class, told a reporter that they could raise about $100 every day. "We have raised about $2,100 so far. We hope we will raise more money for Lisa's operation." he said.
The question is: What do you know from Lisa's words?
The possible answers are:
A:Lisa is very happy with her life.
B:Lisa's parents don't wish her to stand up.
C:Lisa is angry with her parents.
D:Lisa's family doesn't have enough money to do the operation.Look, this is a photo of Mr. White's family. The man in the photo is Mr. White, the father. The woman is the mother. They have two daughters. The girl behind Mr. White is Mary. She's 14. The girl behind Mrs. White is Jane. She is 11. Mary and Jane are in the same school, but not the same grade. Mary is in Grade2. Jane is in Grade 1. They are good students.
The question is: Jane is  _  sister.
The possible answers are:
A:Mr. White's
B:Mary's
C:Mrs. White's
D:Peter'sA science fiction flying car looks like a normal car, but it is an aircraft   that anybody can fly directly from any place to another without using roads or runways. Science fiction writers have written about flying cars for a long time. But now flying cars will soon fly out of the world of science fiction into our real world. And the dream of the science fiction writers will soon come true.
The first-known sky car is the FSC-1. The FSC-1 looks like an expensive sports car. You can drive the FSC-1 on the road like a normal car. If you touch a button, its wings and propeller   fold out and then it can take off, fly and land as an airplane. The owners of the FSC-1 can choose if they want to drive or fly.
Another flying car or sky car is the Moller Skycar M400. Although you can't drive it on the roads, it is small and easy to fly and can take off and land like a helicopter  . Urban Aeronautics' X-Hawk is another type of sky car. It is expected to be available for about $3 million.
Just like any new technology, flying cars have taken a long time to be developed. But some experts think the technology is far from what people imagine when they are sitting in traffic. It still needs to be improved.
The question is: The writer thinks that flying cars will be no longer a dream because   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:science fiction writers' ideas are stupid
B:they are too expensive to make
C:they will soon be available
D:they are only in science fictionWhen the world was very young, people lived in hot places .They didn't live in cold places because they could not keep warm there.
At first men didn't know how to make a fire. Sometimes trees were hit by lightning .Then a fire was started .People took some of the fire near their homes. A fire was very important for three reasons. It kept them warm. Wild animals were frightened when they saw it. And when food was cooked, it tasted much better.
But men didn't know how to make a fire. When they had a fire, they didn't let it stop burning. If it went out, they couldn't start it again. They had to wait for lightning to start another fire. Sometimes they had to wait for years.
Later, they learned how to make a fire. But it was not easy to make something burn . Now we have matches. We can carry them in our pockets and make a fire when we want to.
The question is: Now we can make a fire  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:in cold places
B:in our pockets
C:if it is necessary
D:in the forestHere are some facts about homes in the United States and the people who live in them. In the early 1990s, about 50% of the Americans own their homes and the rest rent  their homes. The rented homes are usually apartments .
74% of the people in the US make their homes in or around cities. 26% live in the country. Dogs live in about 40% of all homes in the US. About half that number have cats.
Families in the US are becoming smaller. On the average ,2.64 people lived in a home in the early 1990s. In 1960, the average was 3.5.
Half of the teenagers in the US have their own bedrooms.
An American moves, on the average,twelve times in his or her life. In Japan, a person moves about five times, and in England a person moves eight times.
The question is: Do all the children in the US have their own bedrooms?
The possible answers are:
A:Yes, they do.
B:No. Half of them do.
C:No, 5% of the them do.
D:I don't know.Once a king got two nice falcons from his son. He had never seen such beautiful falcons before. He loved them so much and he ordered the best falconer to train them to fly.
After several months, the king came to see how the training was going on. He found that one falcon had already been able to fly high in the sky, while the other was staying on the branch  of a tree quietly, just keeping still.
The king called all his falcons together and ordered them to try every way they could to make the other falcon fly. But none of them succeeded. One day, while the king was taking a walk in the forest, an idea came to his mind. Maybe someone who knew the natural environment well could solve this problem. He spent for a farmer who lived in the forest into his palace to train it at once.
The next morning, the king saw the other falcon flying above in the sky freely. " it is unbelievable !" shouted the king. How could you make it happen?"
The farmer replied,"It's very easy. I just cut off the branch where the falcon rested."
It is always the same to human beings. We all have "two flying wings" in our hearts as well, but we often seem not to notice them and stay where we just for safety and comfort. We won't realize we can fly so high and freely until the "branch" we are resting on breaks.
.
The question is: Who finally made the other falcon fly freely in the sky?
The possible answers are:
A:The king.
B:The king's son.
C:The farmer.
D:The best falconer.Most American families are smaller than the families in other countries.Most American families have one or two parents and one or two children each.
Children in the US will leave their parents' home when they grow up.They usually live far from their parents because they want to find good jobs.They often write to their parents or telephone them.And they often go to visit their parents on holiday.
Parents usually let their children choose their own jobs.Americans think it is important for young people to decide on their lives by themselves.
Parents ask children to do some work around their house.And in many families, parents pay their children for doing some housework so that hey learn how to make money for their own use.
The question is: Which of the following is NOT true ?
The possible answers are:
A:Children have the freedom to choose their own job.
B:Parents don't ask their children to do the housework.
C:When children grow up, they usually live far away from their home.
D:Parents think it is important for children to make their own decision.Let's Go See Papa is a lovely children's book. In this book, a little girl tells about her life while her dad is working far away from her.
"I haven't seen my dad for one year, eight months and twenty-two days," the girl writes in her journal. She writes everything she has done so that her father will never miss a day.
Sunday is the cheapest day for long-distance   phone calls, so that day is special to the girl and her mother. One Sunday phone call brings surprising news. Dad tells his daughter that she and Mom will finally be able to come and live with him in the United States. The girl feels happy, because she can see her father again. But she has to leave her dog and her best friend Rocio behind. A few days later, Mom and the little girl go to the airport. They have to say goodbye to the happy days they spent here.
The question is: How does the girl go to the United States with her mother?
The possible answers are:
A:By plane.
B:By ship.
C:By car.
D:By train.On the first day of school, Jack found a little old lady with a warm smile."Hi, handsome. My name is Rose. I'm 87 years old."she said.
"Why are you in university at such a YOUNG age?" Jack asked.
"I'm here to meet a rich husband, get married, have a couple of kids, and then retired and travel." she answered.
Jack knew she's joking but he was surprised what encouraged her to be here at her age.
"I always dreamed of having a university education and now I'm getting one!" she told me. We became friends. Every day they would talk after class. Jack always enjoyed listening to this "time machine" as she shared her wisdom  and experience with him. And Rose easily made friends wherever she went.
At the end of the term, Rose was invited to make a little speech. She said, "We don't stop playing because we're old. We grow old because we stop playing. Being happy and achieving success may keep you staying young. If you have a dream, hold on. When you lose your dreams, you die."
"Anybody can grow older. _ doesn't take any talent  or ability. The idea is to grow up by always finding the chance in change..."
The question is: Rose went to the university in order to   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:meet a rich husband
B:make new friends
C:get a better job
D:get a university educationIn ancient China, the State of Wu made an attack on the State of Yue. The king of Wu was badly hurt and soon died. His son Fu Chai became the new king. Fu was very sad and angry and he decided to fight back for his father's death. He trained his army strictly until it was very strong. Three years later, he led his army against the State of Yue and caught its king Gou Jian, who was taken to the State of Wu.
Gou Jian was put into a small black stone house which was full of terrible smell and was made to raise  horses. Gou worked hard and tried to keep himself quiet, but he never forgot his pain. Many years later, he was set free. Gou secretly trained his army after he went back to his own state. In order to make himself strong-minded he slept on firewood and ate a gall bladder before having dinner and going to bed every night. After a few years, his country became strong once more. Then Gou took hold of a golden chance to fight against Wu and won the war in the end.
If one voluntarily  works very hard and voluntarily stands up to pains and difficulties in order to succeed, we might call him a"Gou Jian", and his story, a"Gou Jian's story".
The question is: The story mainly tells us that  _
The possible answers are:
A:a country without a strong army is easy to defeat
B:if someone attacks you , you should just fight back
C:if you fail in doing something, it's better for you to forget the pain
D:if you face difficulties bravely without giving up , you'll finally succeedMy friend Jack is a taxi driver. He has done this job for ten years. It's a nice job most of the time. He can meet a lot of people every day. He always works late into the night because there are lots of people calling his taxi during the night. He usually goes home after two o'clock in the morning. There are some very strange things, which often happen at night.
One day Jack was taking a young lady back home from a party at three o'clock in the morning. She had her little dog with her. When they got to her house, she found that she had lost her key. So Jack waited in the taxi with the dog while she climbed into her house through the window. Jack waited for about half an hour outside, but the young lady didn't show up . So he decided to find out what was going on. He tied the dog to a tree and started to climb in through the window.
At that moment some policeman came. They thought Jack was a thief  who wanted to get into the house to steal  things. Luckily, the young lady came downstairs. She must have gone to sleep and forgotten about my friend and the dog.
The question is: What can we learn from the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:Jack doesn't like his job at all.
B:Jack usually goes home before 2 a.m.
C:The young lady lost her key.
D:The young lady called the police.Dolphins are our friends. They can use tools to solve problems although they don't have hands.   For example, scientists have ever found that a dolphin can make a shy eel  come out of its hole with a dead fish.
Dolphins use different sounds to exchange information with each other. Scientists in Hawaii have developed a sign language to give instructions to dolphins, and the results are amazing. They find that dolphins not only understand the meaning of individual   words, but also understand the importance of word order in a sentence.
Most animals enjoy playing -- but dolphins seem to like making their games as challenging as possible. On a beautiful day in 1997, scientists at a beach watched a little dog going into the sea and swimming towards the dolphins. To their surprise, the dolphins came up to the dog and then started throwing it into the air. The dog seemed to enjoy the "game" and continued playing with the dolphins for more than an hour.
Dolphins live in a very different world from ours, but they are very good at our "IQ tests" . For example, they will jump out of the water when they hear a whistle   noise. They do this because they will get a fish as a prize.
There is still much to learn about these cute problem-solvers, but it is certain that watching a dolphin show is fun.
,. (5)
The question is: Which of the following is TRUE according to the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:Dolphins understand many languages.
B:Dolphins are a kind of clever animals.
C:Scientists have known dolphins well enough.
D:Dolphins seem to make their games relaxing.Beijing is the capital of China. It is also one of the birthplaces of the Chinese civilization   and one of the six ancient capital cities in China. It is the second biggest city with an area of 17,020 square kilometers. Beijing is changing every day and it is becoming more and more beautiful. Now there are a lot of new buildings, modern shopping malls and large markets.
In the past, Beijing was very clean and quiet and most people went to work or school by bike. Things have changed a lot. Now people can take the bus, the underground or the taxi to go to work or school. It is fast and convenient.
The changes in Beijing have brought many advantages but they have also caused some problems: air pollution, noise pollution, sandstorms and lots of traffic.
The question is: How many kinds of problems are mentioned in this passage?
The possible answers are:
A:four
B:five
C:six
D:sevenLiu Yun, 13, pretty and smart. She is a good student. But many students try to stay from her because Liu Yun's mum has AIDS  and her father has died of AIDS. Luckily, Liu Yun didn't get it.
AIDS means fear for most people. Nobody wants to play games with her. Even a teacher who used to like her turns his back on her now. The biggest problem is how other people look at her. She sometimes wants todrop out of schoolbecause she can no longer face others' indifference . 
It is said if a person has AIDS, it's still safe to eat and play with him. So I think Liu Yun's classmates and teachers are afraid of AIDS because they don't know much about AIDS. And Liu Yun needs their love and understanding. Even a friendly smile means a lot to her.
The question is: Which of the following is TURE?
The possible answers are:
A:Though Liu Yun's mother has AIDS, every teacher still love her.
B:None of teachers love her after her mother has AIDS .
C:Most of teachers love her after her mother has AIDS.
D:Only a few teacher love her when her mother has AIDS.All students need to have good habits :When you have good study habits, you learn things quickly. You also remember them easily.
Do you like to study in the living room? This is not a good place because it is usually too noisy. The telephone bell rings there; the TV is there, and sometimes it is a good place for your pet dog or cats to play and rest. You need to study in a quiet place, like your bedroom. A quiet place will help you only think about one thing, and you will learn better.
Before you begin to study, do not forget to clean your desk. A good desk light is important, too. You'll feel tired easily if there is not enough light . So you should have a clean and bright lamp. To tell you the truth, the most important is that you should put your heart into your study.
The question is: You should remember to  _  before you study.
The possible answers are:
A:clean the desk
B:tidy the room
C:turn off the light
D:go to the bedroomWhen people are dirty, they take a bath or a shower. Animals don't have soap , but they do keep themselves clean. Many animals with hair, such as dogs and cats, keep themselves clean by licking  their hair. They also use their teeth to pull out small dirty things from their hair. When they lick their hair, it is almost as if they are using a wet brush to clean themselves.
Birds take baths to stay clean. First they walk through water that is not deep. Next they beat  their wings to dry themselves. Birds also take sand baths on the ground. It is thought that they do this to drive away parasites .
Even fish need cleaning. Fish have very little parasites that live in their mouths. Some fish live by eating these parasites off other fish. Such fish are called "cleaner fish". Larger fish will open their mouths so that the cleaner fish can get in to clean.
Some animals that live in groups clean each other, such as monkeys. They often clean one another. One monkey may clean an area that the other monkey can't reach. How interesting it is!
The question is: The best title of the passage is    _   .
The possible answers are:
A:Animals Keeping Clean
B:Different Animals
C:Driving Away Parasites
D:Monkeys Living in GroupsQi Haoran, a Junior 1 student, was quite busy over the past winter vacation - and not just with homework.Qi, together with 10 other classmates made a volunteer group to call on people to join the Clean Your Plate Campaign ("").
The 11 students went to many restaurants and told people the importance of saving food."Excuse me, do you know that 950 million people around the world still haven't got enough to eat? Please don't waste food." They would say this kind of thing hundreds of times every day.
The Clean Your Plate Campaign began on the Internet in January.It calls on people to reduce food waste.
China in these years had serious problems with wasted food.CCTV reported in January that the food Chinese people waste every year is enough to feed 200 million people for a year.
Chinese people are well known for being hospitable   and generous .Many even feel that they lose face if their guests have eaten all the food.
Luckily, the campaign has got the support of many.In a restaurant in Xinjiang, the owner give the guests who have eaten all that they ordered a sticker  .People can enjoy a free meal when they have 10 stickers.More than 750 restaurants in Beijing have begun to offer smaller dishes and encourage their guests to take leftovers   home.
To reduce food waste is a big task, and it needs time.It's important that everyone does their bit, just like Qi.Did you finish your meals today?
,A, B, C, D.
The question is: What did the 11 students do in the winter vacation?
The possible answers are:
A:The helped each other with homework.
B:They opened a restaurant together.
C:They volunteered for a campaign.
D:They collected money from customers in restaurants.Betty is an American school girl. She is very happy because her parents will take her to China for a visit. They are going to fly from New York on June 30 and get to Beijing on July 1. They will stay at Lido Holiday Inn. Their Chinese friends will show them around Beijing. They are going to visit the Palace Museum, the Summer Palace, the Temple of Heaven and the Great Wall. They will also visit some Chinese homes and try some Chinese food. They will spend a week in Beijing and then go to Xi'an, Guilin and some other places for sightseeing. The whole trip will take three weeks and she is sure she will have a great time in China.
The question is: Betty is very happy because she will   _   with her parents.
The possible answers are:
A:visit New York
B:go home
C:watch TV
D:visit ChinaMy name is Tom Black. This is my cousin, Jack Smith. That is his dog. That computer is my cousin's. The orange notebook is his, too. I have a good friend. Her name is Mary Smith. Is this her watch? No, it isn't. It is black, It is mine. Hers is white.
The question is: Is this Mary's watch?
The possible answers are:
A:Yes, it is.
B:Yes, it isn't.
C:No, it is.
D:No, it isn't.I began to send e-mails when I was 17. I discovered Google 5 years later. Now, I use the internet all the time. The Internet has become so popular that 90 percent of 12-to-17-year-olds in the United States use the internet, and about half of these kids use it every day. They visit chat rooms and send e-mails. They go to websites to get information for their homework.
"Kids are now living in a virtual  world," says Greenfield, an expert at University of California, "As the Internet is becoming more and more important for our life, we should worry about one question: Is the Internet good or bad for kids? "
"It's ***to answer the question because the Internet involves  so many things," says Justine, who is from Northwestern University. "They include online computer games, news, messages and even e-mails to your grandmother." So more and more people believe that the online world can be helpful in some ways but dangerous in others.
"Although it's not easy to tell whether it's good or bad,"says Justine, "the Internet, at least, is very useful and can be  used widely by everyone in the world.
The question is: The writer discovered Google at the age of  _
The possible answers are:
A:5
B:12
C:17
D:22Wonder is the story of a ten-year-old boy who lives with his parents and sister in New York. August, or Auggie, is an ordinary boy in many ways. He rides a bike and likes playing with his Xbox. But Auggie has deformities  of the face and looks very different from other children.
At the start of the book, he tells us "My name is August. I won't describe what I look like. Whatever you're thinking, it's probably worse." In the street, people look at Auggie and his appearance shocks them.
Auggie has never been to school because he has spent a lot of time in hospital. His mother teaches him at home. But now he's ten, she thinks he should go to school. At first, Auggie doesn't want to go. He worries that other students will look at him and say bad things. But then he visits a school with his mum. He likes the head teacher and decides to go. Auggie's first year at school has good times and bad times. Auggie makes some good friends but other children are unfriendly to him. At the end of the year, Auggie goes on a school trip and a frightening event there changes things completely.
The question is: Which of the following is WRONG ?
The possible answers are:
A:Auggie is a boy in New York.
B:Auggie likes the head teacher.
C:Auggie is a handsome boy.
D:Auggie's first year at school has good times and bad times.What do you think of black cats? Are they unluckier than cats of other colors? Many people in Western countries think so. Scientists at the University of California, Berkeley (UC Berkeley), did a study on cat colours and people's understandings of cat personalities.
The study found that people do judge  cat personalities by color. Scientists did a survey  on the Internet. There were 49 statements   matching five cat colorings with 10 personalities. People think orange and bi-coloured   cats are friendly, tri-coloured   cats are not generous, and white cats are calm, lazy and shy. As for black cats, people think they don't have special personalities.
But why do so many people dislike keeping black cats as pets? People think black cats have less special personalities, which might be because of their bad reputation  . They think black cats may bring bad luck, especially at Halloween. Movies and television shows also make people believe that.
Although people have these ideas, UC Berkeley scientists give another reason: people don't think black cats are pretty enough. After all, nothing can show black cats are unluckier than other cats. "You can't judge a cat by its colour, because it's the personality of the cat, not the colour, that will let you know if the cat is right for you," Cathy Marden, a scientist said.
The question is: According to the study, people think that  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:black cats have special personalities
B:orange and bi-coloured cats are generous
C:cats with three colours are friendly
D:white cats are calm, lazy and shyThe worker I hired to repair my house had just finished a difficult first day on the job. A broken wheel made him an hour late; his ladder( )fell down when he was painting the roof and now his old truck wouldn't start. With each problem he shouted angrily more at himself than at his things. As I drove him home, the man didn't say a word.
I tried talking to the man to kill time. I managed to find out that he had come up from Blue Hills in Victoria with his family six months ago to find a job. This was his first job since moving here. I now knew why his price was lower than any other worker I could find in the local newspaper. He really needed the job. His clothes told me as much.
On arriving, much to my surprise, he invited me to meet his family. As we walked through his front garden he suddenly stopped at a small tree and placed his hands on it. Then , when he opened the door he completely changed. Instead of his troubled face, there was now a warm smile, hugs for his two children and a kiss for his wife.
The following day, I asked him about the tree.
"That's my trouble tree," he answered. "Work troubles aren't welcome at home with my wife and children. So I hang them on that tree every night when I come home. Then in the morning I pick them up again."
"And you know what else?" he said smiling, "The next morning I find that there aren't as many as I remember hanging up the night before."
The question is: Where did the writer find the worker ?
The possible answers are:
A:Through a newspaper.
B:Beside the trouble tree.
C:In his old house.
D:In Blue Hills, Victoria.?Allen!
5/7 Monday
I'm busy this week. The following Sunday is Mother's Day and there are many activities at school. One of them is PTA Day. It's on Friday. Mum and Dad are both coming. I'm a little nervous  . What will Mr. Chang tell them?
5/8 Tuesday
Mr. Wu is our new music teacher. He teaches us Mother, a beautiful song about our love for mothers.
5/9 Wednesday
We practice Mother today. This is the special present for our parents on Friday.
5/10 Thursday
It takes us two hours to decorate  our classroom for PTA Day. I'm tired. Mum is nervous. It's  the first time for her to meet our teachers. She is always nervous about talking to teachers from her childhood . That's funny.
The question is: What's the date of Mother's Day?
The possible answers are:
A:May 14th
B:May 13
th
C:June 11th
D:June 12thIt is very normal for people to compare themselves with others. Everyone does it, but it is important to remember that no one is perfect. Other people may look confident, but everyone feels insecure  once in a while, even the famous people like Yao Ming. When he was young, he probably felt insecure about being too tall! Other kids in his class probably laughed at him because he was different, although I don't know if I would have laughed at Yao Ming since he is so much bigger than me! Now, Yao Ming is rich and successful because of his height.
When I was young, I had a friend named Annie. Everyone used to call her "toothpick" because they thought she was too thin. Now, everyone is jealous  of her because she is thin and beautiful, and they have to always exercise to keep from getting fat. What makes you feel insecure and different may actually be a gift and help you in life. We should celebrate what makes us special and not be afraid to stand out in the crowd.
The question is: From the passage we learn that  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:some people are perfect
B:a person who feels insecure can succeed
C:if a person is thin, he or she will be successful
D:what makes us special may be a gift and help us in lifeMy English teacher is very funny. He has really long hair and wears an earring   on one ear. He likes to wear purple shirts and orange pants. He also uses all kinds of slang  words from the 1970s. When he likes something, he'll say it's really "groovy" . I think he played the guitar in a rock band when he was young.
One day, he walks into the classroom and sees that there is a new student. He asks him, "Hey, man, what's happening?" The student is very confused, but we all laugh because we know that the teacher is just saying hello. "You're new, aren't you?" the teacher asks. The student is surprised and says to himself, "Is this a teacher? He looks strange." Then he explains to all of us, "Sorry. Maybe I'm in the wrong classroom."
The question is: What did the teacher do when he was young according to the writer?
The possible answers are:
A:A dancer.
B:A singer.
C:A guitar player.
D:A policeman.It's not just women who wear skirts. Men can wear them, too. In Scotland, men wear a kind of skirt called a kilt. The kilt is their national dress and an important part of their tradition  .
A kilt is a colored skirt reaching down to the knees . It has checks   on it with different colors, like red or blue. Each family in Scotland has its own colors.
How did the Scots start to wear kilts? There are many stories about it. One story is that the kilt was invented   in the 1720s by an English factory owner, Thomas Rawlinson. Rawlinson had a lot of Scottish workers in his factory and he thought their clothing _ their work. So he cut their long clothes into a shorter skirt.
Today, most Scotsmen see kilts as formal dresses. They usually only wear them at weddings or big dinners. There are only a few men who still wear a kilt every day. Scots also wear kilts in parades when they play their traditional musical instrument : bagpipes  . The army still has kilts as the dress uniform  , but they no longer wear them to fight  .
The question is: When do Scotsmen wear kilts?
The possible answers are:
A:At weddings
B:At big dinners
C:In parades
D:all of the aboveHello, I'm Frank.  I'm twenty-four years old. I live in Shanghai now. There are many tall buildings, big houses and busy streets in this city. My flat  is on the eighth floor of a ten-floor building. There is a nice park. In the morning, there are many people doing exercise in it. My flat is small. It has no kitchen. There is only one bedroom. It looks nice and tidy. My favorite place is the balcony . I often sit on the balcony to have a rest .
I work in a restaurant on a busy street. It is a good place to meet friends and taste nice food. I'm always busy cooking food and making coffee for the customers . When I'm free, I'll help the waiters clean the chairs and tables. Sometimes I feel a little tired, but I'm happy here.
The question is: Frank works as a   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:doctor
B:teacher
C:waiter
D:cookCoke is the most popular drink and many people enjoy it. But they don't know it has many other uses.
* Cleaning. You can use it to clean your hands, your bathroom or your clothes. When you do some washing and you can put some Coke into the water. And Coke can make them cleaner.
* Cooking. Put Coke on beef or pork while it's cooking. And we can also cook chicken with Coke, it's very nice.
* Health &beauty. Coke can make you more beautiful. Use it on your hair or your skin to make them brighter and smoother.
* Housework help. Watering flowers with Coke can make them more lovely and beautiful.
So give Coke a try next time.
The question is: How many other uses of Coke are there in the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:3.
B:4.
C:5.
D:6.One evening two young men were walking in the street together. They tried to find a chance to steal something. The clock struck twelve. Most of the people went to bed. Quickly they came to a house and it seemed that everyone in the house had fallen asleep. Standing at the front gate, one said in English to the other in a low voice, "You wait here. I'll go around to the back door and then get into the house. "Suddenly out of the house ran a dog, barking at them. The two men were very frightened and ran away as fast as they could. Finally, they stopped at a lonely place. The man said breathlessly, "It's too bad. I hadn't expected that the dog could understand English. "
The question is: The dog ran out of the house and barked at them only because  _
The possible answers are:
A:it understood English
B:it knew them
C:it found someone outside
D:Both B and CHello, everyone! I am Zhang Xin. Do you know what I see in America? Well, it is really an interesting trip. Now, 1et me tell you what I find in this trip.
In China, I have five English classes every week. When I study English,my teacher teaches me to say "I am fine" when people ask me "How are you?" But in the US., I find people say "I am good," or "I' m not so good."
One day, someone says to me with "What's up?" But I don't know what to say.
All the girls want to be nice. US girls like to get at a _ in the sun. But in China, girls only want to get white.
In China, study comes first, so we study hard and that's it. But in the US, a "good" student also does much for others , and they play sports or music after school.
After I come back from the US, I think for a long time. I can't forget this trip!
The question is: A good American student  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:only does homework
B:only plays sports or music
C:only studies
D:also helps others, play sports and musicWhat do you like most when you can get one of such things: freedom, true friends, love, honesty and so on? Here are some choices of students:
Chen Cheng, 14, Jiangsu: I think I need a true friend. I had some friends before. However, it seemed that they didn't treat me well. I told them my secrets but they didn't share theirs with me. What's worse, they told my secrets to others, which made me very unhappy. I hope to find a true lifelong friend who can share happiness and sadness with me and keep my secrets.
Gan Xiaoning 14, Heilongjiang: Freedom is what I want most. I am a bird in two cages. In school, I have to follow the school's rules and listen to teachers. At home, my parents don't allow me to do what I like, either. I have to do everything that they tell me to do: study, study and study some more. So, freedom is the only thing I really want!
Yuan Siyu, 15, Guangxi: I am a boy from a poor family. My father works very hard but only makes a little money every month to support the family. I want to go to a key university  so that I can find a good job in the future. Then, I can _ enough money to get my family out of poverty  and offer my parents a happy life.
Qu Yi, 15, Hebei: I want a complete family. My parents got divorced  three years ago. Since then, I have had no chance to be together with both of them any more. Now, I am living with my mom and get her love, but I also want my dad's love. I am envious  of my classmates who live with their parents. So, I would have a complete family if I could.
The question is: As for Chen Cheng, she wants a friend  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:who often tells lies to her
B:who only cares about her own happiness
C:who can play with her
D:who can share her feeling and keep secretsA rich woman begins to learn painting . When she is sixty years old, she loves it very much. She paints and paints. After ten years, there are lots of pictures in her workroom, and she thinks they are very good.
One day, the old woman is badly ill in bed, but she doesn't forget her pictures. She says to his grandson, Hand, "I want to give my pictures to a school, then the students will remember me. But which school do you think is the best, my dear?"
"Well," says the little boy, "You'd better give them to the blind school!"
The question is: The old woman likes  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:playing basketball
B:playing games
C:painting
D:planting flowersOnce there was an old man in a town. He always forgot a lot of things. So his wife always had to say to him, 'Don''t forget this!'
One day he went on a long trip alone. Before he left home, his wife said, 'Now you have all these things. They are what you need for your trip. Take care of your things during the trip.' He went to the station, bought a ticket and got on the train with it.
About half an hour later, the conductor began to see the tickets. He came to the old man and said, 'Will you please show me your ticket?' The old man looked for his ticket in all his pockets, but he could not find it. He was very worried. 'I can't find my ticket. I really bought a ticket before I got on the train.' said the old man.
'I believe you bought a ticket. All right, you don''t have to buy another one, ' said the conductor kindly. ' But how can I know where I'm going? I can't remember my station!' the old man said sadly.
The question is: The old man was sad because
The possible answers are:
A:he had to buy another ticket.
B:he lost all the things his wife gave him.
C:he did not know where he was.
D:He did not know where he should get off.Good afternoon! My name is Sarah. I'm twelve. I'm a student. Nice to meet you!
Look at this. What's this in English? Oh, it's a pencil case  . It's red. What's in it? Look! This is a ruler. It's green. This is an eraser. It's white. This is a pen. It's yellow. My pencil case is new and it is very nice. I like it very much. Tomorrow is Saturday. It's a hot day. Let me go swimming. I like summer.
The question is: Today is   _   .
The possible answers are:
A:Saturday
B:Friday
C:Sunday
D:TuesdayOne evening Tim is driving his car in the country and looking for a hotel. Then he sees an old man on the side of the road, so he stops his car and says to the old man, "Where is Sun Hotel? Will you please tell me how to get there?" "Yes," the old man answers. "I'll show you the way." He gets into Tim's car, and they drive for about 12 kilometres. When they come to a small house, the old man says, "Stop here." Tim stops and looks at the house. And he says to the old man, "But this isn't a hotel." "No," the old man answers. "This is my house. And now I'll show you the way to Sun Hotel. Turn back and go 9 kilometres. Then you'll see the hotel on your left. "
The question is: Tim stops to  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:drive the old man home
B:ask the way
C:buy something
D:say "hello" to the old manDear Tommy,
I'm  writing to you on your third birthday. I want to tell you something about your grandma's time. I was born sixty-eight years ago in a small village.
Transportation used to be a big problem. When we travelled from village to village, we used to walk or ride horses.
Shopping was not an easy job, either. There were no supermarkets in the neighborhood. We used to grow most of our own food: rice and vegetables. We kept things cool in a special underground room.
The biggest difference is that you have electricity. We didn't have electricity until very late in our small village. We didn't have any televisions of course. We used to perform our local music and enjoy it very much.
Life used to be very hard, but I was not upset. I would like you to know about the old days and be happy about what you have. Remember , feeling good about life is the key to happiness.
Love
Your grandma
The question is: Which is not true about the writer?
The possible answers are:
A:She was born in the countryside.
B:She felt good about the village life.
C:She used to grow vegetables in the village.
D:She used to walk or ride horses from city to city.Every year we have many holidays, such as summer holidays. May Day and so on. How do you spend during these holidays? Do you like to travel during them ? Can you book holidays or make travel plans on line?
Now let me tell you how to do it. First,you should look up the places that you want to visit online. Then you can decide on which way to travel according to the prices online. If you go to other countries, you'd better take the plane. If you visit some places of interest near your hometown, you can take the train or bus there. Of course, you can drive a car. Next, you can get in touch with some travel companies ,and talk something about travel with them. And you can find the best place to stay at the best price. Finally, you can enjoy happy holidays with the help of the travel company.
The question is: You are now in China. If you want to visit New York, you can get their  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:by car
B:by train
C:by bus
D:by plane.My mother was a housewife. She thought that successful people spent a lot more time reading than watching TV. So she asked my brother and me not to watch too much TV, but to read two books every week in our free time. She would check them with marks, though she couldn't read the book at all.
When I went to high school, I was an A-student, but not for long. I wanted cool clothes and hung out with friends. I became a C-student, but I didn't care. One night I complained about not having enough Italian shirts. Then my mother gave me all the money and said I could get the money left to buy shirts if I finished buying all the things the family needed. I was pleased with that, but after I bought those things, there was no money left. I got to know how difficult it was for my mother to do all these. I went back to my studies and became an A-student again. Finally, my dream came true and I became a doctor.
My story is really my mother's story----a woman with little education greatly changed my life as a parent. So I believe there is no job more important than parenting.
The question is: What was the writer's dream?
The possible answers are:
A:To be a doctor.
B:To be a teacher.
C:To be an A-student
D:To find a good job.A plant  makes its own food in its leaves .Water comes to the leaves through the roots . Air gets into the leaves through very small holes  . The green coloring in the leaves uses the water and air to make the food for the plant . It also needs sunshine because a plant can make food only when the sun is shining.
Animals and people could not live without green plants . They both eat plants .People and some animals also eat the meat of some animals and these animals eat plants.
The question is: What does the green coloring use to make the food for a plant?
The possible answers are:
A:Sunshine ,water ,air and the roots
B:Air ,sunshine and water
C:Water ,air and meat
D:Water ,sunshine and animalsMy Favorite Sweater
by Bonnie Highswith Taylor
My favorite sweater grew too small.
I love that sweater best of all.
My grandma made it when I was three.
She made that sweater just for me.
I picked the yarn , a special blue.
The color of bluebells, wet with dew  .
When I was three I was very small.
But now I'm five and much too tall.
I have a new jacket now that's green.
So I gave my sweater to our cat Queen.
Queen just had kittens out in the shed  . 
My favorite sweater is now their bed.
The question is: Who is the writer of the poem?
The possible answers are:
A:The grandma.
B:Miss Taylor.
C:Mrs. Taylor.
D:QueenHans Christian Andersen 
Hans Christian Andersen is a great writer. He wrote many popular stories for children all over the world. April 2 is his birthday and it is also Children's Book Day.
Andersen was born  in 1805. When he was a little boy, his father read him a story every day. He felt very happy at that time. But his father died when he was 11 years old. Then he had to leave school. Andersen started working as an actor and singer. He loved reading books so much that he went back to school at 17. His first book _ in 1835. From then on, he wrote about one book a year for 37 years.
There will be a park about Andersen's sales  and life in Shanghai. If you like Andersen, you can go there to learn about his life and tales, and you can play games too.
,.
The question is: Which of the following is NOT true?
The possible answers are:
A:Andersen was happy to be with his father.
B:Andersen wrote books for about 37 years.
C:Andersen went back to school because he lost his job.
D:Children can play games in the park in Shanghai.A farmer was put in prison . One day, he got a letter from his wife.
"I am worried about our farm," she wrote. "It's time to plant potatoes, but I can't do all the digging  by myself."
The farmer thought over and then had an idea. He wrote to his wife, "Don't dig the fields. This is where my gold  is. Don't plant potatoes until I come home."
A few days later, the farmer got another letter from his wife. It said, "Two days ago, about ten prison guards  came to our fields. It looked as if they were looking for something. They have dug our field."
The farmer wrote to his wife at once. "Now you can plant our potatoes," he wrote.
The question is: Why did the prison guards dig the farmer's fields?   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:They wanted to help the farmer
B:Their leader ordered them to do so
C:The farmer asked them to do so
D:They wanted to find out the goldMemory is essential  for life. We have a short-term memory and a long-term memory. When we get old, our short-term memory becomes weaker, but we can still remember things that happened a long time ago. There are many things we can do to improve our memory, such as using various memorizing methods as well as taking special care of our health.
It is important that we regularly stimulate  our brain to make our memory more efficient . For example, we can do activities that we do not usually do and change our daily habits. Learning a new skill helps our brain develop.
When trying to memorize something, we should focus our attention on the most important things about it. Do not allow other thoughts to enter our mind because this will lower our chances of remembering things correctly.
One basic way of improving our memory is to use the link method. If we want to memorize something, we should make a picture in our mind. If the picture is silly, strange and colourful, we will remember it better.
Taking notes, being organized and keeping a diary will also be useful tools.
Sometimes, memory is connected with our feelings. When something dramatic happens, we usually remember it well, and we also remember where we were and what we were doing.
Healthy food and plenty of vitamins are important to our memory. Drinking a lot of water also helps maintain our memory.
When we are asleep, our brain stores memory. Not enough sleep can, therefore, cause problems with storing information. In addition, being tired will stop us from being able to remember well. As a result, keeping fit and having regular health checks are both important as well.
The question is: According to the passage, which of the following CANNOT be remembered better in a short time?
The possible answers are:
A:A strange insect.
B:A colourful letter.
C:A dramatic event.
D:A boring talk.Many companies use guards and expensive alarm systems to protect their property . Soon a new kind of protection will be used--robots. Engineers have been working on the first mobile robots for businesses. The robots will guard factories, warehouses and museums at night.
The mobile robots will move around slowly on wheels. They will be able to detect(,) people through walls and pick up sounds, such as breaking glass. They can be fixed with loud sirens to frighten thieves, or radios to signal police or guards.
To protect a building, a robot will have to move around without knocking into the walls. Information about the building will have to be stored in the robot's small, built-in computer. A floor map could be programmed into the computer's memory, for example.
A mobile robot will not be able to do everything. Unlike human guards, it will not be able to climb stairs, open doors, or move along rough ground. It won't be able to tell the difference between friends and enemies. Because of that, people will have to be prevented from entering the area it moves.
One kind of mobile robot will be able to "sense" whether a chair or a box has been moved and go around it. This robot will also judge size well enough so that it won't send an alarm if a cat crosses the room. And if someone tries to steal this robot, it will sound a loud, painful siren. The three-foot-tall robot is hard to be stolen anyway. It weighs about 200 pounds.
U.S. companies pay almost $10 billion a year to protect their property with alarm systems and human guards. Mobile robots may be cheaper.
The question is: How will a robot get directions for moving around a building?
The possible answers are:
A:From a human guard.
B:From a built-in computer.
C:From another robot.
D:From radio signals.Easter is one of the two important Christian festivals.Easter celebrates resurrections   of Jesus Christ and Christmas celebrates his birth.It's not a festival as big as Christmas.It starts usually in late March or early April and the Easter holiday is Friday, Saturday, Sunday and Monday.It's quite a long holiday for everybody.
The main symbol of Easter is Easter eggs.Children like Easter eggs because they are made of chocolate.Eggs are a symbol of new life.
Easter is also a time for families to get together like Christmas.Many people see Easter as a nice long holiday and they have a good time with their families and friends.
The question is: From the passages,we know that   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:Jesus Christ died on Christmas Day
B:Jesus Christ was born on Christmas Day
C:Jesus Christ was born on Easter
D:Jesus Christ died and got his resurrection on Christmas Day.A group of old classmates, who have succeeded in their work, got together to visit their old university professor. The conversation soon turned to complaining about the stress in work and life. Offering his guests coffee, the professor went to the kitchen and returned with a large pot of coffee and many cups-china , plastic and glass, some plain  looking, some expensive and some lovely. The professor told them to help themselves to the coffee.
When all the students had a cup of coffee in hand, the professor said, "Can you notice all the nice looking expensive cups were taken, leaving behind the plain and cheap ones? While it is normal for you to want only the best for yourselves, that is the source  of your problems and stress."
"What all of you really wanted was coffee, not the cup, but you went for the best cups and were eyeing each other's cups."
"Now think about this: life is the coffee, and the jobs, money and position in society are the cups. They are just tools to hold and contain life, and do not change the quality of life. Sometimes, by concentrating only on the cups, we fail to enjoy the coffee. So don't let the cups drive you, enjoy the coffee instead."
The question is: According to the old professor, why did they have so much stress?
The possible answers are:
A:Because they paid too much attention on things that were not important.
B:Because they caught the main point of the meaning of life.
C:Because they concentrated on life and enjoyed it.
D:Because they drank too much coffee which was bad for them.This is my schoolbag. It isn't very big but it's very nice .There is a big pencil box in my bag. There is a picture of a dog on my pencil box. There are two pens and three pencils in it.The ruler in my pencil box is very long .There is a small ball in my schoolbag. It is for my cousin Jim.
The question is: What's in the bag?
The possible answers are:
A:A pencil box.
B:A book.
C:A picture.
D:A clockOne day, my wife and I went shopping. We took the car as we had a lot of things to buy because my brother and his family were going to spend the weekend with us. We stopped the car in front of the shop. An hour later we came back to the car with a lot of things. Then the trouble started. We could not open the car door. "Oh, dear," said my wife. "What are we going to do?" "Let's ask that policeman," I said. The policeman was very kind and glad to help us. Soon he got the door open. Just at that moment an angry man came up and shouted. "What are you doing with my car?" We looked at the number of the car, and our faces turned very red.
The question is: The husband and the wife went shopping   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:by bus
B:in their car
C:by bike
D:on footSusan is very careless . She often loses her things.
It's time for the geography class. But Susan can't find her geography book in her schoolbag. She looks into the desk, and it's not there. "Oh, no!" Susan thinks. "Is it at home? Do I lose it? Where is it? I need it!"
Just then, the geography teacher, Mr. White, _ Susan's name. He gives her a geography book. And in the book, Susan sees a note:
Susan
I see the name "Susan" on the geography book. I find it on your seat.
Mrs. Smith, school bus driver
The question is: What does the writer  think of Susan?
The possible answers are:
A:She is a nice girl.
B:She is a careless girl.
C:She is an interesting girl.
D:She is a boring girl.Michael Jackson's sudden death really astonished  his fans, but soon they are glad to find another younger "King of Pop" has appeared.
Wang Yiming, who is known as Xiao Bao, has already been popular across the world with his wonderful dance moves. He once appeared on U.S. television show "Ellen" and performed successfully at the World Expo 2010.     About seven years ago, Xiao Bao was born prematurely , which made his mother really worried. He was so weak. What could he do? Doctors suggested that moving his body to music would help make him strong, but soon his parents were surprised by how quickly Xiao Bao fell in love with music!
"When he was young, we just started playing music to him and he started moving around like this. But we didn't think that he had such a strong feeling for music. When he was just several months old, we would let him listen to music and he would stop crying and calm down at once," the proud mother once said.
So far, Xiao Bao has learned the moonwalk and other Jackson's moves well. His fans are crazy about his wonderful shows. He has drawn more people's attention. He is fast becoming internationally popular.
There are lots of problems waiting for him, but Xiao Bao will never give up. He is serious about his dancing career . Where there is a will, there is a way. We are sure that Xiao Bao's dream will come true one day.
The question is: What can we learn from the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:People have paid little attention to Xiao Bao.
B:Xiao Bao's fans are not satisfied with his moves.
C:Xiao Bao works seriously and never gives up dancing.
D:His parents worry about their son's crazy love for music.Harry likes driving his car very fast, and one day he hit  another car. He jumped out and ran to it. There was an old man in the car. He was very angry and said to Harry." What were you doing? You nearly killed me!"
"Yes," Harry answered," I am very sorry." He took a bottle  out of his car and said, "Drink some of this. Then you will feel better." He gave the old man some whisky  and the man drank it, but then he shouted again, "You nearly killed me!" Harry gave him the bottle again. "I feel much better now. But why aren't you drinking?"
"Oh, well," said Harry, " I don't want any whisky now. I am going to sit here to wait for the police."
The question is: After drinking the bottle of whisky ,the old man  _
The possible answers are:
A:felt much better
B:began to cry
C:was very happy
D:felt much worseI am a student in China now. My name is Kelly Smith. I live with my parents, two sisters and a brother in Beijing. My parents teach English in No.6 Middle School. I study in the same school. I am happy here, because I like my new school and the classmates. They are very friendly  to me. They like to play with me because I look different from them. I have blue eyes and long blonde hair. They often say I look like a doll . Also I speak English well, so lots of students like to talk with me to improve   their English.
The question is: Why do students like to talk with Kelly?
The possible answers are:
A:Because Kelly is a beautiful girl.
B:Because Kelly's English is very good.
C:Because Kelly is very interesting.
D:Because kelly is kind to them.We see with our eyes and taste with our tongues. Ears are for hearing, skin is for feeling and noses are for smelling. Would anyone say that ears can smell, or that tongues can see? Actually, yes. Paul Bach-y-Rita, a scientist at the University of Wisconsin, believes that the senses can changeable. For example, a tongue can be used for seeing. The brain, as we know, is a complex organ . Even when part of it is hurt, it will try to carry out the same function by sending the function to another area of the brain.
A college student was asked to take part in an experiment. In the experiment, his eyes were covered with a small video camera. The camera was connected to a long plastic line which went into his mouth. A computer would change the video's picture. The picture would travel through the plastic line as an electric current , reaching the electrodes  inside the student's mouth. The scientist would roll a ball towards his right side, left side, or centre, and the student would have to catch it. When the scientist rolled the ball, pain passed over the student's tongue. For the position of the pain on the tongue, the student reached out his hand and caught the ball.
If the brain can see a ball through a camera and a wet tongue, blindness and deafness can be overcame.
The question is: What could be the best title for the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:Senses Are Important
B:An Interesting Experiment
C:A Famous Scientist
D:Senses Are ChangeableOne day, I heard an American boy said to a Chinese girl student, "You speak very good English. " But the girl answered, " No, no. My English is very poor. " The foreigner was quite surprised at the answer. Thinking he had not made himself understood or the girl had not heard him clearly, he said, " Yes, indeed, you speak very well. " But the girl still kept saying, "No. " In the end, the American boy could not understand and didn't know what to say.
What's wrong with the girl's answer? She didn't accept a compliment  in the same way as the American people do. She should answer, "Thank you" instead of "No". She really understood what the American boy had said, but she thought she should be modest. In the west, people will feel proud and confident when they are praised. So if someone says the dishes you have cooked are very delicious, you should say, "Thank you."
In our country, we think being modest is a virtue and being proud is a bad thing, but in my opinion, being confident does not mean being proud, so sometimes you should be confident instead of being modest.
If you are modest and say, "No, I'm afraid I can't do it well", while working in a western country, the others may think that you really cannot do it. If you often say, "No", you will certainly be _ by others. When asking for a job, if one says something like''Yes,I can certainly do it"instead of "let me have a try",he or she will expect to get it. So in the west, you should be brave to show your self-confidence.
The question is: What does the writer want to tell us?
The possible answers are:
A:We should be proud and selfish in the west.
B:We should be modest and confident in the West.
C:We should be modest and brave in the West.
D:We should be brave and confident in the West.Tom and Fred are talking about the year 2020. "What will our world be like in the year 2020?" "I don't know," says Fred. "What do you think?" "Well, no one knows, but it's interesting to guess." "In the year 2020 everyone will carry a pocket computer . The computer will give people the answers to all their problems. We shall all have telephones in our pockets, too, and we'll be able to talk to our friends all over the world. Perhaps we'll be able to see them at the same time. " "A lot of people will live and work under the sea. Perhaps there will be big towns, factories and farms under the sea, too. " "Machines will do most of the work, and so people will have more holidays, perhaps they'll work only two or three days a week. They'll be able to fly to the moon by spaceship and spend their holidays there. " "I'm looking forward to the year 2020. I hope to go to the moon! " "And 1 hope I'll be able to live under the sea." says Fred. "Won't that be very interesting? Just like a fish! "
The question is: From their talk, we know that   _   .
The possible answers are:
A:only Fred hopes to fly to the moon
B:both of them hope to fly to the moon
C:one of them hopes to fly to the moon
D:neither of them hopes to fly to the moonMobile phone technology is developing rapidly. What will the future mobile be able to do and what will it look like? Take a look at the following mobile phones, and you'll find that some amazing phones are now coming our way.
Packet
The packet has five touch screens with different usages . When folded, the Packet is in a simple square shape. You can see the time and any messages you've received. Once you open it, the five screens will _ .
Cob alto
It has taken only two years for touch screen mobile phones to be used worldwide. Why not the 3D phones then? With an almost all-glass design, the Cobalto phone can make Google Maps even more useful, as shown here.
Human-body Phone
We often save photos of someone we love. When we miss them, we can see the photos. And now, Japanese scientists' human-body phone is more than just photos. With a human body shape, it's coated with a material just like human skin. When you're holding the phone, it feels as if you're holding someone you miss.
Paper Phone
How many times have you wanted to smash  your phone when talking to annoying people? With the Paper Phone, you'll soon be able to do it. As the world's first flexible  mobile phone, it can be bent freely while you're making calls, reading e-books and playing music.
The question is: What's the best title for the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:The importance of Mobile Phones
B:The future of Mobile Phones
C:The changes of Mobile Phones
D:The difference of Mobile PhonesPeople like to give gifts to others on _ days. Do you know how to choose  gifts? You should choose gifts that your family or friends like. Different gifts are for different people. For example, boys often like to play with robots ,toy guns and balls. And girls may like something lovely, like flowers, dolls and beautiful clothes. Of course, you don't need to choose something expensive. Your feeling is much more important than money. There is a Chinese saying, " _
The question is: Which is the best title for the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:Everyone needs gifts
B:Where to buy expensive gifts
C:The meanings of gifts
D:How to choose a gift"Can I see my baby?" the happy new mother asked. When she saw the baby, she was surprised. The baby was born without ears.
As time went by, the baby grew up. There was nothing wrong with his hearing. But some kids laughed at him because he didn't have ears. The baby was very sad, but his parents did nothing but felt sorry for him.
The boy's father talked with a doctor. "Could nothing be done?" the father asked. " I believe I could give him a pair of outer ears, if they could be got." The doctor answered. So they began to look for a person who would like to give his or her ears.
Two years went by. Then the father said, "You are going to the hospital, son. Mother and I have found someone and it will give the ears you need. But it's a secret, "said the father. The operation was very successful. Several years later, he got a good job.
One day, he told his father " But I must know who gave so much to me. I want to do something for him or her." "I am sorry, but I can't tell you." Said the father.
The secret was kept for years, but the day did come. For the boy it was one of the darkest days. He stood with his father over his mother's coffin.
Slowly, the father raised her thick brown hair to show that his mother had no outer ears. "Your mother said she was glad that she never let her hair be cut," he said, "and nobody ever thought she was less beautiful, did they?"
The question is: Who gave the ears to the boy?
The possible answers are:
A:A doctor.
B:His father.
C:His mother.
D:A good man.The wolves   are very hungry. They go out to look for food. There are many sheep (  ) near the hill( ). There are also a few sheepdogs with them. The wolves think of an idea. They speak to the sheepdogs," You are like us and we are brothers. But we have a very different life. We do what we like, and you must work for man. They make you look after their sheep. They eat meat and give you the bones  . If you listen to us and give  us the sheep, we can eat them together. All of us will be happy,right?"The dogs are happy and do like this. The wolves ask the dogs to go to their house. The sheepdogs go to the wolves' home. But the wolves eat them and then eat the sheep.
The question is: The sheepdogs work for  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:man
B:sheep
C:wolves
D:dogsWe can see waste everywhere in the school. Some students ask for more food than they can eat and others often forget to turn off the lights when they leave the classroom. They say they can afford these things. But I don't agree with them.
Waste can bring a lot of problems. Although China is rich in some resources , we are short of others, for example, fresh water. It is reported that we will have no coal  or oil to use in 100 years. So if we go on wasting our resources, what can we use in the future and where can we move? Think about it. I think we should say no to the students who waste things every day. Everybody should stop wasting as soon as possible.
In our everyday life, we can do many things to prevent waste from happening, for example, turn off the water taps when we finish washing, turn off the lights when we leave the classroom, try not to order more food than we need and so on. Little by little, we will change everything. We can stop waste one day, if we do our best.
The question is: Which of the following is right?
The possible answers are:
A:Waste brings problems.
B:Waste can bring no problem.
C:China is rich in fresh water.
D:Students never waste things.What will man be like in the future --- in 5,000 or even 50,000 years from now? We can only make guesses, of course, but we can be sure that he will be different from what he is today, because man is slowly changing all the time.
Let us take an example. Man, even five hundred years ago, was shorter than he is today. Now, on average , men are about three inches taller. 500 years is relatively  a short period of time, so we may suppose that man will continue to grow taller.
Again, in the modern world we use our brains a great deal. Even so, we still use only about 20% of the brain's capacity . As time goes on, however, we shall have to use our brains more and more, and finally we shall need our brains more and more, and finally we shall need larger ones! This is likely to bring a physical change too. The head, especially the forehead , will grow larger.
Nowadays our eyes are used too much. In fact, we use them so much that very often they become weaker and we have to wear glasses. But over a long time it is possible that man's eyes will grow stronger.
On the other hand, we make use of our arms and legs less. These, as a result, are likely to grow weaker. At the same time, however, our fingers will grow more sensitive  because they are used a lot in modern life.
But what about hair? This will probably disappear from the body because it does not serve a useful purpose any longer. In the future, then, both men and women are likely to be hairless.
Perhaps all this gives the impression that future man will not be a very attractive  person to look at! This may be true.However, future man will still have a lot in common with us. He will still be a person, with thoughts and feelings similar to our own.
The question is: The passage mainly tells us that   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:man's life will be different in the future
B:future man will look different from us
C:man is growing taller in the future
D:man is changing quickly all the timeMy tears run down from my cheeks   when I talk to my parents on the phone. What are they doing when I call them? Dad works from seven o'clock in the morning to nine o'clock in the evening. My mum does all the housework, she also has to work in the field. But I can't do anything for them.
Every day she gets up at around 4 o'clock in the morning. When I sometimes call her at 7:30 in the evening, she tells me that she is still in the field and doesn't have supper. I tell her I'll study hard in the school. I also ask her to take care of herself and dad because I can't live without them.
Mum says that the happiest time for dad and her is when my sister and I come back home.
We play cards in the room, watch TV, or do anything we like, with dad and mum making delicious food in the kitchen. It is also the happiest time for me.
Love, sometimes, doesn't need many words. Love your parents like they love you. Give them a call, tell them you miss them.
The question is: The happiest time for the writer's mum and dad is  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:she and her sister help them make delicious food in the kitchen
B:her sister and her coming back home
C:they play cards in the room
D:they work in the field togetherWhat do you do in a situation like this? You're calling dinner with friends at a nice restaurant. You're having a great time when a phone rings at the table next to you. A man takes out his phone and starts talking loudly about problems he's having with his girlfriend. He talks for almost ten minutes! This happens all the time-on buses, in restaurants, everywhere!
Many people find cell phones useful in their daily lives. But we've all sat next to someone talking too loudly on a cell phone. You may want to tell the loudmouth to end the conversation, but let the management take care of those noisy customers. You can only control your own behavior. Here are a few rules:
Off means off! Follow the rules of restaurants and other public places . If a sign says "turn off cell phones", don't use your phone. If you are allowed, speak softly and for a short time and try to move away form other people.
Lights off, phone off! Never make calls in a theater or at the movies.
Pay attention! Talking on a cell phone while driving is dangerous. And watch where you're going when you're walking down the streets and talking on the phone.
As more people use cell phones, things are only going to get worse. So, the next time you're getting ready to make a call, stop and consider the people around you.
The question is: The man talking on the cell phone loudly in the restaurant will   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:talk for half an hour
B:pay more for his meal
C:make other customers angry
D:be driven out by the bossI have a robot friend, Robbi. It looks like my toy car because it moves on four wheels. It is always helpful.
"Come on, Robbi! Bring me milk." "Yes, Sandy," says Robbi. It goes to the kitchen and comes back with a glass of milk. It can find milk among orange juice, water, apple juice. Do you think Robbi is a waiter only good at doing housework? No, it's much more than that! It has brains , too! Let me ask Robbi a few questions.
"Robbi, how many letters are there in English?" "26."
"Who is Barack Obama?" "He is the president of the USA."
When night comes, I need to sleep. It closes its eyes and stands there quietly! In the morning, It opens its eyes and begins to work again.
The question is: What does the writer ask the robot to bring him?
The possible answers are:
A:Orange juice.
B:Milk.
C:Apple juice.
D:Water.English people like to say "Thank you" when others help them or say something kind to them. In fact, people all around the world do so. It's a very good habit.
You should say "thank you" when someone passes you the salt on the table or opens the door for you, or say you have done your homework well.  "Thank you" is used not only between friends but also between parents and children, brothers and sisters, husbands and wives.
"Excuse me" is another useful short expression. When you hear someone say so behind you, you know he or she wants to walk past you without touching you. It's not polite   to interrupt  others when they are talking. So if you want to speak to one of them, say "Excuse me" first. You should also do so when you want to make any noises  that may trouble others or you have to leave early at a party.
Let's all learn to say "Thank you" and "Excuse me". It's really important to get into the good habit.
The question is: What's the best title of this passage?
The possible answers are:
A:Polite Words
B:Thank you
C:Excuse me
D:English People's WordsA Play: Four Butterflies 
Characters: Red Butterfly (RB), Green Butterfly (GB), Green Tree (GT), Rose (R),
Grandpa Sun (GS)
Look! There are four butterflies in the garden. One is red, one is yellow, one is green, and the other one is white.  They play games and dance together every day, and they are very happy. One day, it's fine. Four butterflies are playing a game in the garden. Suddenly it is full of dark clouds and it begins to rain hard.
1. GB: Oh, it's raining hard. Green Tree is over there. She can help us.
GB: Green Tree, our wings are wet. Please let us stay under your leaves.
GT: Green Butterfly, I like you. We have the same color. You can come in, but the other three butterflies must go away.
GB: No, thank you. We are good friends. We love each other and must stay together.
RB: Rose is over there. She can help us.
2. RB: Rose, our wings are wet. Please let us stay under your leaves.
R: Red Butterfly, I like you. We have the same color. You can come in, but the other three butterflies must go away.
RB: No, thank you. We are good friends. We love each other and must stay together.
3. GS: What good friends they are! This is a real friendship. I must help them.
The sun drives the clouds away and asks the rain to stop. Soon the sun gives off bright light and
dries up their wings.
4. Four butterflies: Oh, the sun comes out. Our wings are dry. Let's play and dance again.
The question is: What are the butterflies doing when it starts to rain?   _
The possible answers are:
A:They are flying.
B:They are dancing.
C:They are playing a game.
D:They are staying under the leaves.Kate: I like running very much. It's good exercise. My parents both like running, too. We usually get up early in the morning and run together. It is good for one's legs, heart and lungs. It helps one to have a strong body. Mum says that she should thank running because it helps her to get thinner. Running is fun. It can make one happy. There are many different ways for one to run. One can run in a school or in a park. One can join a running club to run and make new friends, too.
Chen Feng: I like ball games, like football, basketball and tennis. And basketball is my favorite. I often play basketball with my friends on Sunday mornings when we are free and the weather is nice. I joined my school team last year. And I can play it very well now. There is going to be a basketball game between No. 1 Middle School and our school in our school next Saturday. Many students are going to cheer us on. Our teacher says that she will buy some presents for us if we win. I hope we can win the game.
The question is: Kate's mother thinks that   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:running is cool
B:Kate dislikes running
C:running is as popular as swimming
D:running makes her get thinnerThere is a long history behind the first T-shirts and today's colorful outerwear .
Many stories talk about the first T-shirts and the reason why people wear them. One says the first T-shirt had something to do with war.
In World War I
Some American soldiers found that European soldiers' undershirts  were cooler and more comfortable. They started to wear the same kind. Because the design of the undershirts was simple and looked like the letter T, Americans called the clothes T-shirts.
By World War II Many soldiers started to wear T-shirts as under-wear.
In the 1930s  Many American students started wearing white T-shirts for playing sports.
In 1951   Marlon Brando, a very famous American actor, wore a tight-fitting  T-shirt in a film. After this, many American men started to dress like him.
In the 1970s  T-shirts became the favorite kind of clothing for young people in many countries. At that time, they were a sign of being cool and different from others.
In the 1980s  T-shirts started to be hot in China.
Now many young people show their own ideas on their T-shirts; special pictures, funny words... T-shirts are more like artworks than just simple summer wear
The question is: When did T-shirts become a sign of being cool and different?
The possible answers are:
A:By World War II
B:In the 1930s.
C:In the 1970s.
D:After the 1930s.When we talk about instant  messaging tool, which will be the first one jump into your mind? If your answer is QQ or MSN, I must say you're a bit old fashioned. Today, Wechat is becoming the most popular text and voice messaging tool all over the world. It has had 700 million registered  users all over the world up to now. It has a Chinese name Weixin, it is necessary for the young people in China to have the communication tool. Actually, it is also a new product from Tencent ,so we can call it QQ's little brother.
You can log in to Wechat with your Facebook account  or _ with your phone number, and then add your friends' number in your contact list , by which you can chat with your family of friends in a brand new way by using your phone no matter when and where you are. It's just like using a walkie talkie (two way radio).But you don't need to worry about other things, such as basic fees. It won't cost you extra money to make conversations.
You can also only need three steps to finish calling others through Wechat. It is free for ten minutes. If you want to make a phone call again, you need to pay for it through a credit card. Someone thinks the sound in the phone is not clear. There is some noise in it. It is not safe for the user. So you should pay attention to your personal information and not share it to others.
The question is: Make a phone call through Wechat,  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:it may be not safe for the user
B:you needn't pay any money for it
C:the sound is very clear
D:it will cost your friend's moneyMary: Let's play computer games.
Gina: That sounds great. Where is your computer?
Mary: I don't have a computer. Do you have a computer?
Gina: No, I don't. But I have a TV. Let's watch TV.
Mary: No, that sounds boring. Let's play tennis. I have a tennis bat.
Gina: Good. Where is it?
Mary: On the sofa. Do you have a bat?
Gina: No, I don't. Does your brother have a bat?
Mary: Yes, he does. And he has tennis balls.
The question is: Mary has   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:a computer
B:a TV
C:a tennis bat
D:a tennis ballThanksgiving Day was near. The first grade teacher gave her class some fun homework---to draw a picture of something for which they were thankful.
Most of the class drew a turkey or other traditional things. But Douglas drew a different kind of picture. He drew a hand. Just an empty  hand.
Douglas was a different boy. He was poor and unhappy. As other children played, Douglas was likely to stand close by the teacher's side.
His classmates were surprised at his picture. One child guessed it was the hand of a farmer, because farmers _ turkeys. Others guessed it was the hand of God, for God feeds us.
The teacher asked him whose hand it was. The little boy said in a low voice, "It's yours."
She remembered the times she had taken his hand and walked with him here and there, as she had the other students. How often she said, "Take my hand, Douglas, we'll go outside." Or, "Let me show you how to hold your pencil." Or, "Let's do this together." Douglas was most thankful for his teacher's hand.
Tears came into the teacher's eyes.
The question is: Douglas drew a hand of   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:a farmer
B:God
C:the teacher
D:his ownHere is a list of TV programs in today's newspaper
Friday,September 29  Channel 2
9:30   Spolen English Competition for High School Students
11:30  Visit to an American Fanily
16:30  American Movie
20:40  English Talk Show
Channel 8
9:00   English News
10:20  Tvserial:World of Amimals
15:10  NBA Games(live)
18:30  Talk Show: Foreign Students Talk About China
CCTV English Service
15:00  English Course:Look Ahead
23:00  English Sports News
The question is: When can we know the latest result about the NBA game?
The possible answers are:
A:At 9:30
B:At 15:10
C:At abou 17:00
D:At 10:20Every day,it is easy to see advertisements in English all around us.Look at your own bags and clothes,and at the bags and clothes of your classmates.How many different advertisements can you see which use English words?
Often bags and clothes show the name of the company that made them. This is a popular form.A special picture or symbol called a logo is sometimes used.Logos appear on many different products .They are popular because when you see a logo,it is hard to forget that product or company.
It is common to see advertisements on TV and hear them on the radio.Most advertisements are very short.Sometimes the advertisers use a short sentence which is easy for people to say and remember. Nike,for example,has a simple English sentence which is used all around the world:"Just do it."Advertisements often use funny situations as well.It is simple to remember it.
All advertisements are designed to make people buy a product.An advertisement for a soft drink,for example,might show a group of young people who are having fun.The young people are al1 drinking the soft drink.Advertisers are saying to you,"Why don't you buy this drink and be like these people? You can be young and modern."
You might think that advertisements are not after you,but the next time you buy a soft drink,ask yourself this question:Why am I buying this particular product?
The question is: A good logo is  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:easy to remember
B:a useful product
C:difficult to understand
D:easy to buyTed Brown's dream as a child was an unusual one: he wanted to fly. What was more unusual was the way in which he made his dream come true.
After high school, he wanted to join the U. S. Air Force but he failed because of his poor eyesight. However, his dream remained.
At the age of 33, Ted was a truck driver in Los Angeles. One day, while sitting outside in his garden, he watched planes fly overhead and an idea came to him: to use balloons  to fly.
A few weeks later, Ted bought 42 huge balloons. He tied them to a chair and then he sat down in the chair with some beer, sandwiches and a gun. His plan was to fly to 10 meters above his garden, enjoy a few hours in the air, and then shoot some balloons with his gun to get back down. But things did not go as he planned.
Once his friends cut the ropes under Ted's chair, the 42 balloons flew into the sky at an astonishing speed until about 4000 meters above the ground with Ted and his chair. He didn't shoot any of the balloons because he was afraid he might break the balanee  of his "plane". Ted stayed in the sky with his beer and sandwiches for 14 hours, cold and frightened.
Planes heading towards Los Angeles' busy international airport reported the strange sight. And Ted' s balloons caused great danger to them. At last, Ted gathered his courage to shoot a few balloons and slowly landed on the ground, where many policemen were waiting for him.
Ted made his dream come true, but it cost him: he was fined  $ 1,500 for breaking the law about air safety.
When asked by a reporter why he had done it, Ted answered, "A man can't just sit around and do nothing; he should have his dream and go for it. "
The question is: Which of the following is true?
The possible answers are:
A:He didn't go to college because of his dream to fly.
B:He felt sorry for what he had done.
C:He realized his dream in a dangerous way both to himself and to others.
D:He didn't shoot the balloons at first because he wanted to stay there longer."Look, Mom! What a pretty fish!" said John to his mother.
John's mother asked, "Where did you get it, John?"
"Frank caught it in the river. I went to the river to get some water and saw this little fish. Then I told Frank about the fish, and he ran to get his fishnet  . He put the net into the water, and caught the fish. I put it into this box,"
"Well, what will you do with it?" asked John's mother.
"I will keep it, Mom," replied John.
"But, my boy, it will not live in that box. You should put it back into the river." replied his mother.
John felt sad and said, "I wish I could keep it.  It is so pretty! May I put it into the pond?"
"No, John," said his Mom, "you must put it into the river. A trout   will not live in warm water."
The question is: Who found the fish firstly?
The possible answers are:
A:John.
B:John's mother.
C:Frank.
D:Frank's mother.How to Be a Better Student
Maybe you are a common student. You probably think you will never be a top student. This is not necessary so, however. Anyone can become a better student if he or she wants to. Here's how:
Plan your time carefully. When you plan your week, you should make a list of things that you have to do. After making this list, you should make a schedule of your time. First set your time for eating, sleeping, dressing, etc. Then decide a good, regular time for studying. Don't forget to set aside enough time for entertainment. A weekly schedule may not solve all your problems, but it will force you to realize what is happening to your time.
Find a good place to study. Look around the house for a good study area. Keep this space, which may be a desk or simply a corner of your room, free of everything but study materials. No games, radios, or television! When you sit down to study, concentrate on the subject.
Make good use of your time in class. Take advantage of class time to listen to everything the teachers say. Really listening in class means less work later. Taking notes will help you remember what the teacher says.
Study regularly. When you get home from school, go over your notes, review the important points that your teacher is going to discuss the next day, read that material. This will help you understand the next class. If you do these things regularly, the material will become more meaningful, and you will remember it longer.
Develop a good attitude about tests. The purpose of a test is to show what you have learned about a subject. They help you remember your new knowledge. The world won't end if you don't pass a test, so don't be over worried.
There are other methods that might help you with your studying. You will probably discover them after you have tried these.
The question is: What should you do if you want to plan your time?
The possible answers are:
A:Make a schedule of your time.
B:Find a good study area.
C:Take advantage of class time.
D:Review the important points.On Christmas Eve, the night before Christmas Day, children are very happy. They put their stockings  at the end of their beds before they go to bed. They want Father Christmas to give some presents. Father Christmas is a very kind man. He comes on Christmas Eve. He lands on top of each house and comes down the chimney  into the fireplace and brings children a lot of presents.
Christmas Day always begins before breakfast. Children wake up very early. They can't wait to open the presents in their stockings. Then they wake up their parents and shout 'Merry Christmas!'
Do you know what Christmas means? Christmas Day is the birthday of Jesus Christ. When Christ was born, many people gave him presents. So today, people still do the same thing to children.
The question is: Father Christmas comes into the house through the   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:window
B:front door
C:chimney
D:back doorA recent research shows that physical activity  may help students do better in their classes. The research comes because educators in some countries are reducing time for activities like P.E. class.
Researchers go over the results of fourteen studies. Twelve were from the United States, one from Canada and one from South Africa. The studies appeared between 2009 and 2013. They included more than 55,000 children, aged six to eighteen.
Thomas Singh, one of the researchers, says the studies showed a relationship between physical activity and scores on subjects such as math, English and reading. Ms. Singh offers some possible explanations  :
" There are, first, physiological   explanations, like more blood flow, and so more oxygen   to the brain. Being physically active means there are more hormones( ) produced like endorphins ( ). And endorphins make your stress level lower and your mood improved, which means you will perform better in class. Also, students who take part in organized sports learn rules and how to follow them. This could improve their classroom behavior and help them know what they should do.
All in all, the finding tells us that physically active kids are more likely to do better in school. Ms. Singh says schools should consider the finding before they cut physical education programs.
The question is: What led the researchers to do the studies?
The possible answers are:
A:Schools'cutting physical activity.
B:Their interest in physical activity.
C:The tests including about 55,000 children.
D:Kids'unsatisfying schooling performance.Here's a story about a very interesting family. A young man once went into town and bought himself a pair of trousers. When he got home, he went upstairs  to his bedroom and put them on. He found that they were about two inches too long.
He came downstairs, where his mother and his two sisters were washing up tea things in the kitchen. "These new trousers are too long." He said. " They need shortening  by about two inches. Would one of you mind doing this for me, please?" His mother and sisters were busy and they said nothing.
But as soon as his mother had finished washing up, she went quietly upstairs to her son's bedroom and shortened the trousers by two inches. She came downstairs without saying anything to her daughters.
Later on, after supper, the elder sister remembered her brother's trousers. She was a kind-hearted girl, so she went quietly upstairs without saying anything to anyone and shortened the trousers by two inches.
The younger sister went to the cinema, but when she came back, she, too, remembered what her brother had said. So she ran upstairs and took two inches off the legs of the new trousers.
The question is: The young man bought the new trousers   _   his size.
The possible answers are:
A:as long as
B:two inches longer than
C:as big as
D:two inches shorter thanMy 13-year-old daughter Lisa remembers birthdays, makes people cards when they are sick, and sends encouraging notes written in colored pens in her neat, artistic hand.
One day I got a call from her principal, "I called to tell you that in 20 years of teaching I have seen nothing like what Lisa did today", he said
I held my breath again as I thought, my Lisa? My sweet daughter? She must be the wrong kid. What could she have done?
My silence made him go on. "I've never seen a student do anything so nice for anyone who needed it more."
"What did she do?" I asked. He explained to me about the cupcakes  .
When Lisa came home from school that afternoon, I told her the principal from her school had phoned me.
"Yeah", she answered, "I got called out of math class to go to his office. Everyone thought I was in trouble, but he just wanted to know what was going on at lunch."
Lisa and Ashley had sat with Jordan, a boy who is in special classes. They talked about birthdays, and Lisa asked Jordan when his birthday was. He told her it was coming up but that he lives in a group home and they don't celebrate birthdays there.
"I remembered his birthday was today, so I made the cupcakes yesterday," Lisa explained. "Ashley bought a two-liter bottle of soda and some birthday cups, plates, and napkins   left over from her little brother's party, and we got some other kids together at lunch today to sing 'Happy Birthday' to Jordan."
"The principal wanted to know why they were having a birthday party for Jordan at school. When they told him, he just shook his head, took off his glasses, and rubbed his eyes," Lisa told me. "Finally, he said he was going to tell my parents that I wasn't in trouble, he was proud of what I did, and I could go back to math class."
How different my daughter was from me. Better, in fact! I wouldn't have ever known how to help out disadvantaged kids like that. But my wise daughter knew how-- all it took was cupcakes and adventurous  , independent  , kind spirit.
The question is: How did Lisa and Ashley celebrate Jordan's birthday?
The possible answers are:
A:They bought him a beautiful birthday cake.
B:They brought him food and drinks from home.
C:They invited Jordan's parents to the birthday lunch.
D:They had the principal sing "Happy Birthday" to Jordan.I am a student in China now. My name is Kelly Smith. I live with my parents, two sisters and a brother in Beijing. My parents teach English in No.6 Middle School. I study in the same school. I am happy here, because I like my new school and the classmates. They are very friendly  to me. They like to play with me because I look different from them. I have blue eyes and long blonde hair. They often say I look like a doll . Also I speak English well, so lots of students like to talk with me to improve   their English.
The question is: Kelly's parents are   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:doctors
B:teachers
C:farmers
D:workersTraffic lights are very important for us. I think you know this. But do you know how they were born?
Garrett A. Morgan was the father of traffic lights. He was an American. His family was very poor. He left school at the age of 14. He was clever. He always looked for better ways to do things. And he liked to make new things.
At that time, every American wanted to have a car. The streets were full of cars. The traffic was really bad. "Why not put three lights at each corner ? They should be red,green,and yellow," Morgan said , " Let them tell cars to go or stop." He made a timer  to change the lights.
So we have traffic lights today .
The question is: What color are the traffic lights ? They are.
The possible answers are:
A:green and white
B:red and yellow
C:red , green and yellow.
D:red and greenJOLIN Tsai  , a famous singer, has become an English teacher! But she is not staying in a classroom to give you talks in English.Instead, she has published   a new book, "Jolin's English Diary Book".It came out in Taiwan in March.Jolin is helping you learn English in a _ way and give you useful words for life outside your textbooks.
"I hope it's a happy English book," she said, "When you learn English in a fun way, you will keep on doing it." This certainly doesn't mean just reciting   words.Jolin has a lot of clever ways of learning.She likes to listen to English songs or find friends to talk to in English.She has been good at English since Grade 3 in primary school  .Because of this, she hosted   news programme on the radio herself.
Jolin knows it's important to put English to good use.So, in her English diaries, she wrote something about her everyday life, like study, fashion  , travel and family.After each diary, she gives you lots of notes.You can use them often, too! Jolin also asks you to keep diaries like hers.
The question is: From the passage we know that  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:she is not only a famous singer but also an English teacher in a primary school
B:you don't have to keep English diaries
C:she teaches us how to be a famous singer in "Jolin's English Diary Book"
D:Jolin Tsai shows us how to learn English in a fun wayHi ! I'm Tony .I don't like to get up early .In the morning ,I get up at eight . Then I go to school at eight thirty . I don't have much time for breakfast , so I usually eat very quickly .For lunch ,I usually eat hamburgers .After school ,I sometimes play basketball for half an hour .When I get home ,I always do my homework first .In the evening , I either watch TV or play computer games .At ten thirty , I brush my teeth and then I go to bed .Mary is my sister .She usually gets up at six thirty .Then she always takes a shower and eats a good breakfast .After that ,she goes to school at eight thirty .At twelve ,she eats lots of fruit and vegetables for lunch .After lunch ,she sometimes plays volleyball .She always eats ice-cream after dinner .She knows it's not good for her ,but it tastes good !In the evening ,she does her homework and usually swims or takes a walk .At nine thirty ,she goes to bed .
The question is: What time does Mary get up ?
The possible answers are:
A:At half past six
B:At eight thirty
C:At seven thirty
D:six o'clockIn the US, the most popular way to welcome the new year is with a big party. Some parties are at private homes. But in recent years, it has become more and more common for Americans to go to a hotel or eating-place on the night of December 31st. There, they can eat a big dinner, drink champagne, and dance to orchestra music.
Most New Year's parties are usually noisy. People shout and sing. And often, guests blow on small noisemakers when the new year arrives at midnight. This tradition of noise making is believed to start centuries ago. People thought that loud sounds would drive away the bad spirits of the old year.
The biggest, noisiest New Year's party in the US takes place in Times Square in New York. Thousands of people gather  there. Some of them ring bells and set fireworks. Others blow whistles of car horns . And at twelve o'clock, they begin to cheer as an electric sign in the shape of a red apple lights up on top of a tall building.
The Times Square celebration includes another well-known American tradition. Since 1929, the band of musician Guy Lombardo has given a concert on New Year's Eve. Guy Lombardo died in 1977. But, Bill Lombardo, has kept the tradition alive with a band concert at a New York city hotel. When the crowds in Times Square start cheering the arrival of the new year, television cameras show the band playing the song Auld Lang Syne.
The question is: The most usual way to welcome the new year in the US is   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:to go shopping
B:to meet friends
C:to travel abroad
D:to hold a big partyHere are two pictures.A man and a boy are in one picture.Who are they?  Let me tell you.The man is Mr White, and the boy's name is Bill.He's the man's son.Now they are in Bill's bedroom.We can see some Chinese books in the desk.And on the bed , there is a shirt.It's Bill's.His trousers are on it, under his shirt.too.
Now let's look at the other picture.You can see a woman and a girl in it.The woman is Bill's mother and she's in her daughter Ann's bedroom.You can see a photo of the Whites on the white wall.Between the windows, there is a desk.A clock is on the desk.It's eleven.What's that on the floor? Oh, it's Ann's hat.but it looks like a brown cat.
The question is: Mr White is   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:Ann's brother
B:Ann's father
C:Bill's friend
D:Bill's teacherOne day a pilot and three people were in a plane. When the plane was flying in the sky, there was something wrong with it. The smoke  was everywhere in the plane. The pilot told the people there were only three parachutes . They all became worried.
"I must go because I'm the best pilot in the world." said the pilot, then he jumped out with one parachute.
The next person said, "I must have a parachute. I am a very clever person, and I have to take part in an important meeting." he jumped out with another parachute.
Two men were left, an old businessman and a young mountain climber. By this time the plane was going down faster and faster.
The businessman said, "Young man, I am old but you're still young. You take the last parachute. "
The young mountain climber smiled, "Don't worry, we are both safe, because there are still two parachutes. The clever person jumped out with my backpack."
The question is: All the people became worried because  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:they couldn't find the parachutes
B:there were only three parachutes,but there were four people in the plane.
C:There was too much smoke and they couldn't jump out from the plane.
D:They saw the pilot jump out firstThe food in White Rose Restaurant was cheap and good, but nobody seemed to want to eat there. There were very few people going to eat there. The owner was very worried about it.
Then he thought of a good idea. A few weeks later, his restaurant was always full of men and their girlfriends.  Whenever a gentleman came with a lady, a kind waiter would give each of them a beautiful menu. The menus looked exactly the same on the outside, but there was an important difference inside. The menu that the waiter handed to the man gave the correct price for each dish and each bottle of wine, while the menu that he handed to the lady gave a much higher price! So when the man calmly ordered dish after dish and wine after wine, the lady thought he was much more generous than he really was! The man could make a good impression on the lady.
The question is: How was the food in White Rose Restaurant?
The possible answers are:
A:Cheap and good.
B:Cheap but bad.
C:Expensive and bad.
D:Expensive but good.You've probably seen it before-two elderly people walking hand in hand down the street and looking very much like each other. They look so much alike that they could be brother and sister.
Do you believe that people who live together for many years would look alike? It's strange. but scientists say it's true.
How scientists proved it? In a study, scientists found young couples only showed similarity by chance. However, elder couples were very likely to look like each other. The similarity could be very subtle  and could be found in wrinkles  or furrows, etc. Besides, some couples look far more alike than other couples.
The scientists thought of several possible reasons:
1. Diet. "We are what we eat." As couples usually share the same diet, will they probably look alike? For example, if both partners eat a high fat diet, their faces will tend to look fat. However, the scientists ruled this out  using another small study.
2. Environment. Will elderly couples show similarity because they live together in the same area for a long time? The environmental factors  such as sunshine and wind affect the skin in similar ways. The scientists ruled this possibility out as well.
3. Empathy . This is the theory  the scientists believe in. Couples grow to look similar because they are empathizing with each other. They copy each other's facial expressions. For example, if one partner often smiles in a certain way, the other is likely to copy it. In this way, their faces share similar wrinkles and furrows.
The question is: Which of the following is NOT true?
The possible answers are:
A:Your diet can affect your appearance.
B:You will look slim if you eat a high fat diet.
C:Old couples look similar because they are empathizing with each other.
D:Old couples usually share similar wrinkles and furrows.There was a robbery at City Central Bank last yesterday afternoon. Two men entered the bank at about 4 p.m. and told the bank teller on duty to give them $ 1,000,000. The robbers were carrying guns  and wearing black masks  to cover their faces. The robbers told all the customers  in the bank to lie down on the floor. Witnesses  said that everyone in the bank was very frightened and did what the robbers told them.
The teller agreed to give them the money but told them they'd have to wait a few minutes. She said the bank manager would have to get the money out of the safety. As the robbers were waiting for the money. the teller tried to press an alarm button  that was hidden under the counter. It was a silent alarm, so the robbers didn't realize it had been set off.
Just as the manager arrived with the money, ten police officers entered the bank. The robbers were very surprised that the officers caught them easily. The robbers are now in custody  , and will appear in court next week.
Police congratulated Miss Alston , the bank teller , on brave act. The bank manager said that he would give Miss Alston a week's vacation to thank her.
The question is: The police caught the robbers so easily because the robbers didn't   _
The possible answers are:
A:know who the police officers were
B:get the money
C:expect the police arrived at the bank so quickly
D:expect the money to be in the safeOn a cold winter afternoon, Susan was walking home from a supermarket. She was feeling a little tired, as she was carrying her shopping bags. They were so heavy that she decided to have a rest in the park. She walked towards the gate of the park. She noticed a poor man walking out of a restaurant in front of her. The man was holding a paper bag. He walked to a rubbish bin  and started looking through it.
Susan suddenly felt sad. She knew this man would take all that he could get, so she went up to him and gave him some fruit. The man looked up in surprise and took what she gave him.
A big smile appeared on his face and she felt very happy. Then he said, "Wow! First someone gave me this sandwich, then the orange juice and now some delicious fruit. This is my daughter's lucky day. Thank you, girl." Then he went away, singing a song.
Just then, Susan understood what the saying "Giving is getting" really meant. Everyone in the world needs help, everyone can offer help and everyone will be helped by showing kindness.
Giving sometimes doesn't cost much, but it means a lot to the people who you help. The man's happiness at that moment comes into Susan's mind every time she has the chance to help others.
The question is: The poor man felt   _   when Susan gave him some fruit.
The possible answers are:
A:sad
B:surprised
C:interested
D:kindWhile I was running slowly one morning, I saw my friend's father sitting alone on the roadside bench. So I crossed the road to wish him a good morning.
As I came over to him, he was very happy to see me. He said it was nice of me to come and chat with him. Then he said to me in a low and sad voice: "At this stage of my life, it feels very lonely here. Anybody sharing a few heartfelt moments would mean a lot to me. "
I was completely shocked by what he said, and I wondered: What could be that little thing that I can do to make his life different?
I knew he was a painter, so I started to ask him about his latest painting experiences. Painting is a passionate   topic for him, and he started to talk with me about it. I asked him, "Can you teach me to paint?"
He was surprised at first and then agreed instantly.
Now, every other day, I go to learn how to paint from him. We paint a lot and talk a lot. He says he feels better, and he waits for me. I say I feel better. After all, I am the one getting so much wisdom from a man who is nearing the horizon of his life with so much experience!
The question is: Why did the writer talk with the old man about painting?
The possible answers are:
A:Because the writer was interested in painting.
B:Because the writer has much painting experience.
C:Because the old man was interested in painting.
D:Because the old man asked the writer something about painting.Roald Dahl was one of the most successful writers of children's books. He sold millions of books all over the world. Many of his books have been made into films and videos. He is so famous that there is even a Roald Dahl Museum you can visit.
Roald Dahl was born in 1916 in Wales, Britain. His father was rich but he died when Roald was very young. Roald and his mother lived a hard life. He had to leave school and went to Africa where he worked for an oil company.
In 1939 Roald became a pilot, but he had a bad accident. It made him limp  for the rest of his life. After this, Roald went to America where he wrote a story about his experience as a pilot. It was so good that it was put in a magazine.
Roald married an American film star. They bought a house in England and had five children. From 1960 to 1965, _ : Theo, one of his children, was hit by a taxi and was seriously hurt. Olivia, one of Roald's daughters, died of a strange illness. Soon after this, his wife also had a serious illness. It took her years to get completely better.
Gradually Roald became more and more successful. He always did his writing in an old shed  at the back of his house. He always sat in the same old armchair with a wooden board on his lap.
 _ 
In 1983 Roald won a big prize for his book The BFG. During his life, Roald wrote many famous books, such as Charlie and the Chocolate Factory, Matilda, Fantastic Mr. Fox.
After he died in 1990, Roald left money to help people with serious illnesses and those with problems with reading and writing.
The question is: Roald Dahl was famous as a (an)  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:doctor
B:teacher
C:actor
D:writerWhen you are learning English, listening, speaking and writing are important, but reading can also be very helpful. When you read, you can not only learn some new words, but also learn how to use these English words. When you read, it gives you a good example for writing.
Good reading tips:
Try to read at the right level  . Read something that you can (more or less) understand. If you need to stop every three words to use a dictionary, it is not interesting.
Try to increase   the number of your new words. If there are four or five new words on a page, write them in your notebook. But you don't have to write them while you read. Instead, try to guess their meanings as you read: mark   them with a pen. Then come back when you have finished reading to look them up in a dictionary and write them in your own vocabulary   book. Then try to remember them.
Try to read regularly. For example, read for a short time once a day. Fifteen minutes every day is better than two hours every Sunday. Fix   a time to read and keep to it. You could read for fifteen minutes when you go to bed, or when you get up or at lunchtime.
Read what interests you. Choose a book or a magazine about a subject that you like, because you are going to spend time and money reading it. So, choose an interesting book. You can also read newspapers. There are many English newspapers in China. For example, 21st Century Teens. It is easy enough for you to understand. There is something interesting in it.
The question is: To make your reading better,   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:it's enough for you to read 21st Century Teens
B:only read a magazine about a subject that you like
C:you should read something that you like for a short time once a day at least
D:reading English for two hours every Sunday is much betterLook carefully at the back of a California state quarter.A man with a walking stick is pictured there.A bird called a California condor is flying overhead. Who is this man,and why is he so important that he is featured on the back of a coin?
The man on this quarter is John Muir.Even as a child, Muir loved watching nature. As a young man,he spent much of his life exploring the beauty of the wilderness.He walked more than a thousand miles across the country,through fields and woods.John Muir liked writing about the places he visited,describing their beauty.
Muir also wrote about problems.In order to create more farmland for sheep and cattle, rnany trees were being cut down.This made Muir unhappy and worried,because he knew that trees were important to forests and to the animals that lived in them.Muir believed that nature should be conserved instead of being changed by human beings.He wrote articles in magazines and newspapers to spread the word about conserving forests.Soon,others began to listen.
Muir wrote letters to important people,such as President Theodore Roosevelt.The president admired Muir's love for nature.When Roosevelt came to visit Muir in California. Muir convinced the president to go camping with him for three nights under the trees so they could talk about conservation.Later,President Roosevelt set aside 148 million acres of land for national forests and established five national parks.National parks are large areas of land that are protected from development. This means that people cannot build homes or businesses there. One of these parks is Yosemite National Park,the area that is featured on the back of the California quarter.
Though it has been almost one hundred years since John Muir died,people continue his work today.His work as a conservationist helped us to see the beauty of our natural world.John Muir made us understand the importance of protecting our earth and our resources---then,now,and for the future.
The question is: Why did President Theodore Roosevelt visit John Muir?
The possible answers are:
A:Because Roosevelt loved watching nature.
B:Because Roosevelt received letters from John Muir.
C:Because Roosevelt admired John Muir's love for nature.
D:Because Roosevelt was sad about the problems with farmland.Each person has his own way to have fun. Some like sports. Some like playing chess or cards. But a large number of people enjoy listening to music.
Nowadays, music has become an important part of our life. We can listen to music on CDs, on radio or on TV. Also, we can search the Internet to find the song we like. It's the easiest way to enjoy the music that we like. Also we can download  our favorite songs from the Internet for free. If we have a Walkman  ,we can hear music everywhere. It can give us pleasure if we are sad. It can cheer us up, too. When we are tired, it can make us relaxed.
Different people like different kinds of music. Young people like pop music. Maybe old people like gentle and quiet music. Different music can express different feelings. When we are happy, we like to listen to jubilant   music. When we are unhappy, we want to hear soft music. We need different kinds of music in different _ We can get different feelings from music. Music is the best friend of human beings. We can't imagine what life would be like without music.
The question is: Which of the following is not mentioned in the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:Music can give us pleasure.
B:Music can make us relaxed.
C:Music can cheer us up.
D:Music can improve our listening skills.Leeds Castle
One of the most popular places of interest in Britain
Opening times
Open all year round except  7th and 8th November and Christmas Day(25th December)2014.
1 April to 30 September 2014
Open:10:30 am--5:30 pm;  Gates close at 6pm
1 October 2014 to 31 March 2015
Open:10:30 am--4 pm ; Gates close at 5pm
Prices
Adults:PS16.50
Students:PS9.50
Children under 4:free
The question is: Leeds Castle is closed on   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:7th January
B:8th August
C:25th December
D:1st AprilHave you ever heard an echo of your voice?
An echo is a reflected sound. Stand in a very large, empty hall with nothing on the walls. Then shout. The sounds you make will hit the walls and come back to you. The walls reflect the sounds. These reflected sounds are called "echoes".
We can use reflected sound to make sound travel farther. Hold a watch about fifty centimeters from your ear. You cannot hear it. The sound of the watch travels a short way in all directions. It does not travel as far as your ear. You can make it travel to your ear by using a roll of cardboard .
Make the roll of cardboard about fifty centimeters long. Put one end over your ear and hold the watch at the other. Now you can hear the watch because the sound has not gone in all directions. It is reflected down the roll to your ear.
A megaphone works in the same way. It makes sound travel farther. It reflects the sound into a beam which can travel a long way. In the ship, the sailor uses the megaphone to make his voice travel. Without the megaphone, his voice cannot travel far.
We use reflected sound in many ways. We use it to measure the depth of the sea, for example. Among the animals, bats and whales use reflected sound to tell them where they are and what things are near them.
The question is: If you haven't got a megaphone,   _   will help you to make your voice travel farther.
The possible answers are:
A:a long piece of wood
B:a roll of cardboard
C:a thin thread
D:a long piece of silkAs we all know, people couldn't live without water. Some parts of our bodies are made of water. We depend on clean water to live every day.
However, we human beings are polluting water seriously. In some areas of China, people are still in great need of clean water. Dirty water is one of the world's biggest healthy problems. It's harmful to our health. When water from the rain and melting  snow runs through roads, it picks up some dangerous chemicals and other things along the way. Many of the rivers are short of protections, so they are easy to be polluted by factories or animals' waste.
World Water Day has grown to become one of the important dates since 1993. In 2013, World Water Day shares the topic of Water Cooperation. If everyone tries their best to save and protect the clean water, our living conditions will be much better.
,.
The question is: What's the topic of 2013 World Water Day?
The possible answers are:
A:Water and Food.
B:City Water Protection.
C:Water Quality.
D:Water Cooperation.My name is Mary. This is my family. These are my parents. Their names are Bill and Grace Brown.Those are my grandparents.Their names are Henry and Linda Brown.This is my uncle.His name is John.That boy is my brother. His name is Tony. This is Susan.She is my uncle's daughter.
The question is: Henry is Susan's  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:Uncle
B:father
C:brother
D:grandfatherI'm Jack, and I am a middle school student. Yesterday was the most exciting day in my life. I was on TV! This is my first time on TV. In the evening, Mum, Dad and I were watching a TV programme in the sitting room and there I was! This is how it happened.
I was playing soccer in the park with my friends when a man and a woman came to us. The man had a camera. The woman had a microphone. "I'm from Channel 9," she said. "Do you know the programme Kid's Speak Out?" I did know it. I watched it often. It's a weekly programme where kids say what they think about different things.
"Would you like to be on it?" the woman asked me.
I wanted to be on it and I thought my friends might also want to be on it, so I asked, "Can my friends be on it too?"
"Sorry, only one of you can," the woman said. "You can talk about it and decide which of you is going to be on the programme."
I asked my friends if they wanted to be on the programme. They didn't, so I went on it. The woman asked me a lot of questions. I thought carefully and tried to give _ answers. When she finished, she said I was one of the best kids she'd spoken to! I felt very proud of myself. My mum and dad were proud of me too!
The question is: What can we know about Jack from the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:Jack's parents were proud of him.
B:Jack was the top student at school.
C:Jack was afraid to be on the programme.
D:Jack never watched the programme Kid's Speak Out.We went into a secondhand shop to get out of the rain. I took my 6-year-old daughter's hand and we started to walk around. Suddenly she reached out her hand to touch a pair of shiny black shoes.
"Buy for me?" she asked.
"Oh, Sweetie, they are tap dancing   shoes. You aren't taking tap dance."
"Buy for me?" she repeated.
"Well, let's try them on."
She sat on the floor and took off her bright pink rain boots. When she stood up we heard "click". She took a step, "click, click, click."
The sun came out and we went on our way. Our next stop was the grocery store. "Click, click, click..." people turned to look as we entered the store. People would never allow their daughter to wear tap dancing shoes to the grocery store.
"Excuse me, dear. Why would you allow  your daughter to wear tap dancing shoes here? They make such a noise."
"Isn't it wonderful?"
"Wonderful? My dear, this is not the place to wear those shoes."
"You don't understand. When she was a baby, doctors told us that she would never walk or talk. It has taken a lot of hard work and patience, but she asked for the shoes and the 'click, click, click' says that she can walk," I said.
My daughter is 18 now and will graduate from grade 12 in June. It has not always been easy, but it has all been worthwhile  . She has taught me that it doesn't matter what others think. _
The question is: What does the sentence "  _  " mean?
The possible answers are:
A:They don't know how you feel.
B:They don't walk the same way as you.
C:They don't know the size of your shoes.
D:They don't have the same shoes as yours.This is a family tree. It's a very big family. Tim and Gina are very old  . They have   a son, David and a daughter, Sally. David and his wife   Jenny have the twins  , Jack and Bob.
Jack is single  , but Bob is married  . His wife is Lucy. They have a cute   son, Sam. They love   Sam very much.
Sally's husband   is Paul. They are the parents of Peter and Lily. Peter is married .His wife is Jane. They have a daughter. Her name is Kate. Lily has a dog. It's very cute  . She loves   it very much.
The question is: Which of the following is TRUE  ?
The possible answers are:
A:David and Jane are cousins.
B:Paul is Sam's uncle.
C:Bob has a son.
D:David has a granddaughter and a grandson.A young American doctor is asleep when his doorbell rings. It is late at night, but he has to put on his coat to answer it.
It is a man! He is standing with a hat in his hand. "How do you do?" says the man.
"Can you go with me now to a place out of the town? It is quite far from here, but I know you have a car and I can show you the way."
"Certainly," says the doctor, "I can go with you now."
The car is at the front door. The man gets into the doctor's car and they drive off.
They drive for a long time, and finally the man says, "Here we are. This is my home. Now I give you money and you may go back."
"But I must see the patient ," the doctor says. "How can I go back without seeing the patient?"
"There's no patient," says the man, "nobody is ill. I live here. There is no taxi at this time, but a doctor often goes out for night calls . So, excuse me. Here is your money. Thank you, doctor. Good night!"
The question is: The man gives the doctor money, because   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:the doctor is a good doctor
B:the doctor takes him home late at night
C:he is very rich
D:the doctor sees a patientNobody likes to do chores, especially kids. How can you make your kids get into a good habit of doing their chores? Try making chores fun for them.
Play some music:Music makes everything seem like a party, doesn't it? Play your kids' favorite music and let them dance around while they are doing their chores.
Make it a treasure hunt  : It's a good way when you would like them to clean the house. Let them know that you hide   a $5 bill someplace. If they find it, they can keep it.
Change often:If your kids keep doing the same chores for months, they may feel bored. Teaching them a new task   is fun for both you and the kids. They will feel more grown up when they get a new task.
Do it together:It's never fun to be the only one working and watching everyone else relaxing.
If everyone takes part in doing chores, you will finish them faster and have more fun.
,.
The question is: The writer thinks it's better to  _  while asking kids to clean the house.
The possible answers are:
A:play their favorite music
B:ask them to do the same things every time
C:watch them do the chores
D:give them lots of housework to do at a timeIf the eyes are the windows of the soul, then the body is the mirror of our feelings. If we are feeling great, we may give our body signals . If we look at someone else's body, we can often tell how they are feeling by their body signals. So reading body language signals is a great tool in daily communication.
In case  you don't think that learning how to read and use body language is important, here are some numbers for you. 7% of the information we receive is from what people actually say, and 38% of the information we receive is from the tone  and the speed of their voice; while 55% of the information we receive is from their body language.
These non-verbal  signals will help you a lot, but you still need to focus on what people are saying. If you focus too much on their body language signals, you and the person may feel uncomfortable. It is useful to be able to read people's body language, but it is useful to learn how to send the right signals and avoid the wrong signals too. Body language may be given several interpretations. Many signals have different meanings, depending on the person and the situation. Be sure of it when you are trying to read a body language signal.
The question is: According to the passage, which of the following is TRUE?
The possible answers are:
A:Body language is uncomfortable.
B:What people are saying is not important
C:Body language can show your emotion.
D:To send wrong signals is not body languageJim, Kate and Li Ming are doing the homework together. Jim's spelling  of "Moday" is wrong . Kate tells him about it. Li Ming wants to borrow a rubber from Jim or Kate. Jim says he has one and gives it to Li Ming. Li Ming thanks Jim for his help. Jim says, "You're welcome". Now Jim says "Thanks very much" to Kate for her help. Kate says "That's all right". The three children are students in a school in Beijing. Jim is from London . Kate is from New York. Li Ming is a Chinese girl. They are good friends. They often do homework and play games together. They often help each other.
The question is: Jim is   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:an English girl
B:an American girl
C:an English boy
D:an American boyMr. and Mrs. Wilson lived in a big city. They liked traveling. One summer they went to the countryside for their holiday. They enjoyed it very much, because it was a quiet and clean place.
One day they went out for a walk early in the morning and saw an old man. He lived on the farm, and he was sitting alone in the warm sun in front of the house. Mr. Wilson asked him, "Do you like living in the quiet place?"
The old man said, "Yes, I do."
Mr. Wilson asked, "What are the good things about it?"
The old man answered. "Well, everybody knows everybody. People often come and see me, and I often go and see them. And there're lots of children here."
Mr. Wilson said, "That's interesting. And what are the bad things?"
The old man thought for a minute and said, "Well, the same things."
The question is: Did the old man think the good things were the same as the bad things?   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:Yes, he did.
B:No, he didn't.
C:I don't know.
D:Yes, he do.Monday...oh, I don't like Monday because I'll have to go back to school again after the weekend. Tuesday is not so bad. I usually play tennis with my friends after school. On Wednesday evening I don't go out. I stay at home and do my homework. I like Thursday because the next day is Friday. I always go out on Friday--maybe to the cinema. I love the weekend. On Saturdays I get up late, and I sometimes go to the shops in the afternoon. In the evening we go to a club. Then on Sundays I go to my friend's house or she comes to mine. I usually visit my grandmother for an hour in the afternoon. Then the weekend is over and it's Monday...and I feel bad again!
The question is: Which one is true?
The possible answers are:
A:I get up late on Monday.
B:I visit my grandmother on Saturday.
C:I play tennis on Sunday.
D:I do some shopping at weekends.Where do you think people will live in the future? Can you predict people will work and live in the sea? But how will people go to work then? By submarine!
Some scientists believe that some day submarines will be as many as today's cars. A famous French driver says, " One day, man will work on the ocean floor as they do on the street!"
If people want to live in the sea, they have to solve a lot of problems first. Some of these problems, similar to those of living on the moon, are lack of oxygen   and weightlessness  . Many questions are hard to answer. For example, what will happen to our bodies if we live in the sea for a very long time? Scientists are looking for answers.
Maybe in 50 years man will be able to live in the sea, away from the crowded and noisy cities on land. Man will find it fun and interesting to live in the sea. And life in the sea is more comfortable. Don't you think so?
The question is: People have to   _   first before living in the sea.
The possible answers are:
A:build houses
B:learn to swim
C:learn to drive the submarine
D:solve some problemsThe Aztec population was divided into four main classes.Nobles were the highest and most powerful class.They included the emperor and his extended family, as well as governors in charge of local areas, and members of the government.The nobles owned most of the land.Commoners made up most of the population.They ran small family farms or did ordinary jobs in the towns and cities.Serfs worked on the land owned by the nobles.They were given food and shelter, but weren't paid.Slaves were either prisoners of war or criminals who could be bought and sold.
Many Aztec people lived in rural villages, working the land.However, many more lived in large towns and cities.Tenochtitian, the Aztec capital and home to the emperor, became one of the largest cities in the world.Its construction began in 1325 AD, and it's believed that by 1500 AD more than 200,000 people lived there.
As with all Aztec towns and cities, there was a central area for temples and other special places in Tenochtitian.People could gather there to worship the Aztec gods.
The question is: _   were in charge of local areas and members of the government.
The possible answers are:
A:Nobles
B:Commoners
C:Serfs
D:SlavesYou know what it' s like. You' ve just arrived in Washington D. C. after a long journey and all you really want to do is lie down and relax in your hotel room. But first you have to make a few quick notes for tomorrow's meeting, check your e-mails, and perhaps print out a few- things. And you need to make a few local telephone calls, and one call to your family.
And what do you usually get? Your desk is just about big enough for a cup of coffee, and there's no desk lamp~ the stationary  is only several pieces of paper and the only pen there doesn't work at all. If you want to print something, you have to go to the Reception ,and when you try to use your cell phone, you find that it won't work in the U. S. A.
Well, Harmony Hotel is different. Just tell us ahead of time what you're going to need, and we'll make sure that it's waiting for you when you arrive. There will be a printer in your room if you want one, and a cell phone that really works. All you have to pay for is the calls you make.
We can also provide a room for business meetings, even a secretary to take notes. All we ask is a few days' notice.
All of our rooms are of the same high standard and we promise not to increase prices in the next twelve months. But book now, because many people are already calling to book rooms, and we'd hate to disappoint you.
Harmony--the hotel you've always wanted, but never been able to find before.
The question is: The advertisement is probably written for
The possible answers are:
A:teachers
B:business people
C:secretaries
D:touristsPeople like to read stories about dog very much.They thought dogs were very clever.
One of my good friend , Bob , had a very big dog .Its name was Bill.Every Sunday afternoon,Bob and Bill had a walk in the park , Bill liked walking with Bob very much.
I visited Bob last Sunday.I stayed in his house for a long time.Bob and I talked with each other happily.Soon it was time for them to go for a walk in the park .We forgot that.Bill began to worry about it.He walked around the room and sat down in front of me and looked at me.But I didn't know this.I went on talking with my friend.At last, Bill couldn't wait.He went out of the room and came back soon.He carried my hat in his mouth.Oh, I knew what Bill meant.
The question is: Bill began to worry because he   _   .
The possible answers are:
A:wanted to eat something
B:wanted to play with his friends
C:couldn't find his food
D:wanted Bob to take him for a walkJoe Black, coach  of a football team, and his family go to a small town for their holiday. One rainy afternoon, they can't go out to have fun, so the families go to the family. Joe, his wife and their three daughters walk down to the town's only cinema, buy tickets and go into the cinema. The lights are still on , and there are just six other people there. As Joe walks in, some of them see him and start clapping  .
Joe gives them a smile and turns to his wife, "Aha, I can't believe that they know me and they are giving me a warm welcome here," he says , " I guess they see my games on TV."
They sit down and then a young man comes up to Joe and gives out his hand, "Thanks a lot," says Joe, " I just can't believe that you know me." The young man says, " I only know that they will not show the film until  at least ten people buy tickets.
The question is: Joe is   _   when some people warmly greet   him.
The possible answers are:
A:worried
B:sad
C:afraid
D:happyWhere did that number come from?
Eleven and Twelve
The reason behind the change in number naming is that eleven comes from the German term ainlif, which translates to "one left". Twelve follows the same rule. It comes from twalif--"two left". Why teen is used instead of lif for 13 through 19? There is something sadly lost in history.
911 for US Emergency   Calls
Early phones didn't use phone numbers--the operator had to connect your call by hand--and this led to the need for an emergency code  . But later phone numbers became popular, that changed. In 1967, 911 was chosen as the nationwide emergency call because it was easy to  remember and could be quickly dialed   on the phone.
26.2 Miles in a Marathon  
The story began with an ancient Greek soldier carrying message from a battlefield   in Marathon to Athens. The modern marathon was born as a flagship event in the first Olympic Games, in 1896, with a distance   of about 25 miles (40 km), as long as the distance from Marathon to Athens. But race organizers for the 1908 Olympic Games in London wanted to add something special. The race began at Windsor Castle and ended at White City Stadium, with runners finishing only after passing the royal   box. The distance was 26.2 miles (42.1 km). And since 1924 this distance has been kept in marathon.
28 Days in February
Before using the Gregorian calendar that we use today, one of the first Roman calendars had only 304 days and ten months (March through December), with six months of 30 days and four of 31 days. The second king of Rome improved the old calendar. He added 50 days for January and February. To make the new months longer, he took one day from each of the 30-day months, making 56 days to divide between January and February (or 28 days each). Later January was given one more day to add up to 355 days a year, but February still had 28 days. That's how it became the shortest month and it stayed that way ever since.
The question is: When was the number 911 chosen for US emergency calls?
The possible answers are:
A:In 1896.
B:In 1908.
C:In 1924.
D:In 1967.FIFA has decided that the Football World Cup 2018 will be held in Russia. Before the answer was given to the public, many people thought England would be the winner.
Famous football player, David Beckham, Prince William and Prime Minister David Cameron all worked hard to help England to hold the Football World Cup 2018. Mr. Cameron promised that England would make every fan feel at home and that it would host the most wonderful Football World Cup in history. David Beckham spoke movingly of how his grandfather, a football fan, died as he was playing in the Football World Cup.
FIFA president, Sepp Blatter, described England as "the motherland of football" before he opened the envelope with the winner's name in it.
Prince William said, "Certainly we're very disappointed. We have worked hard, but sadly, it didn't work."
He added later, "I'm sorry for England football fans. We have given everything we could."
Before the answer was given, hundreds of fans had gathered in London and other main English cities in the cold weather in the hope of good news, but the news let them down.
The last Football World Cup help in England was the Football World Cup 1966.
The question is: When was the last Football World Cup held in England?
The possible answers are:
A:In 2004.
B:In 1966.
C:In I996.
D:In 1970.House of noodles
We have three size bowls of noodles, small, medium and large. A small bowl of mutton  and carrot noodles is RMB 5. A medium bowl of beef and potato noodles is RMB 7. A large bowl of chicken and cabbage noodles is RMB 8.
Welcome to our house.
Lunch special
We have some great specials. The cabbage, tomatoes and rice lunch special is RMB 3. The beef, carrots and rice lunch special is RMB 5. The dumplings and soup lunch special is RMB 8.
Time: 11:00a.m---2:00p.m
Dessert house
What kind of dessert would you like? We have two new specials: (1) Apple, strawberry and ice cream. (2) Banana, orange and ice cream. And what size of dessert would you like? Small, medium or large? And we also have juice and tea.
The question is: In the dessert house, you can also buy   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:juice and milk
B:juice and tea
C:dumplings
D:noodlesDear Henry,
How are you? I'm writing to you in my school. It's a middle school. Our school is very nice. There are about 2000 students and 150 teachers in our school. There are three grades and in each grade there are ten classes. I'm in Class Two, Grade Seven. I go to school from Monday to Friday. There are five classes in the morning and two in the afternoon. We play games every afternoon after class. I like playing soccer very much. I often play it with my classmates.
I have three good friends. One of them is Li Lei. He is a Chinese boy. He often helps me with my Chinese. I help him study English. The others are twins. They are Lucy and Lily. They come from England. We often sing and dance together. We are very happy!
Please write soon.
Yours,
Ben
The question is: How many good friends does Ben have?
The possible answers are:
A:One.
B:Two.
C:Three.
D:Four.It is a fine Saturday morning. Lily and Lucy get up at six thirty. They want to go to the Great Wall  with their mother. At seven fifty they are in a big bus to the Great Wall. There are forty people in it. Some of them are Americans, some are English. There are two Chinese in the bus, too. One is a woman. She is driving the bus. The other is a young man. He's now talking about the Great Wall in English. They are listening to him. At about nine o'clock, they get to the Great Wall.
The question is: There are two   _   in the bus.
The possible answers are:
A:Americans
B:English girls
C:Chinese
D:Chinese womenAlmost everyone likes dogs, and almost everyone likes to read about dogs. I have friend. He has a big police dog with the name Jack. Police dogs are very clever. Every Sunday afternoon my friend takes jack for along walk in the park. Jack likes these long walks very much. One Sunday afternoon a young man came to visit my friend. He stayed a long time. He talked and talked. Soon it was time for my friend to take Jack for walk. But the visitor still stayed. Jack became much worried. He walked around the room several times and then sat down in front of the visitor and looked at him. But the visitor paid no attention to Jack. He went on talking. At last Jack got angry. He went out of the room and came back a few minutes later. He sat down again in front of the visitor, but this time he took the visitor's cap in his mouth.
The question is: The young visitor stayed a long time in my friend's house, didn't he?
The possible answers are:
A:Yes, he was.
B:Yes, he did.
C:No, he wasn't.
D:No, he didn't.My name is Frank. I am from St. John Middle School in America. I am in Class Three, Grade
Seven. We study Chinese at school. Our Chinese teacher is Joy Black. He is not Chinese, but he is good at Chinese.
I have a lot of friends in my school. Jimmy is tall and has black hair. He is good at playing basketball. He is in the school basketball team  . May is short and she wears glasses. She is good at Maths. Sandra has long hair. She likes swimming. She is in the school swimming team. Maria is new here. She is from Hong Kong. She has black hair and big eyes. She is good at English and computers. Nick is tall. He has small eyes. He is funny. He plays football very well.
,
The question is: Joy Black teaches Frank   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:English
B:Chinese
C:Maths
D:FrenchWe all see and hear about extraordinary  people around us and wonder why we can't be more like them. It's not the big things that make someone extraordinary. It's the small things. They become extraordinary by making a difference in someone's life. Here are some of the things extraordinary people do every day:
Praise someone. It can make the others feel great about themselves. A compliment can have a positive impact  on their lives. Your team or family will love you for it.
It's OK to admit  you were wrong. You will not only gain the respect of your team mates, but you will also gain credibility .
When you need help, don't be shy or stop yourself. Everyone needs a little help sometimes. When you ask for help, you receive help. You're willing to listen; you also need support at times.
When you don't understand how something works, let an expert show you. When you let someone teach you something, you are telling the person that you respect his talent, time and what he is talking about.
Sometimes it is very important to stay silent. Especially when you're angry, process your emotions, think back to what happened, and then come to a decision about how to deal with it. Before you say anything, consider others' feeling. Never be rude with words or actions.
The question is: For an extraordinary people, if he makes a mistake, what will he do?
The possible answers are:
A:Praise others.
B:Be angry.
C:Admit his mistake.
D:Stay silent.One day Tom was playing with his younger brother Paul beside the well  near their home. Suddenly Tom fell down the well. Paul was frightened. Their parents were not at home. Their father was working in the factory and their mother was helping a neighbor. Tom called his younger brother, Paul. Paul looked at the bottom of the well and saw his brother standing in the water of the well. Tom was five feet tall and the water was only three feet deep. Paul was glad to see his brother safe in the well. Then he ran home and brought a long rope.
He was only six and not very strong, so he could not pull Tom out. He was thinking hard and finally had a good idea. He tied one end of the rope to a tree and threw the other end to his brother in the well. Then Tom climbed up the rope and got out of the well. He thanked his brother first and went home to exchange his wet clothes.
The question is: _   was trying to save Tom.
The possible answers are:
A:His father
B:His mother
C:One of his friend
D:His brother PaulHello, listeners. Welcome to Henton Hospital Radio. Before our music program begins, I'm going to repeat some of our hospital rules.
The hospital can sleep 800 patients. There are 8 beds in each ward .The visiting hours are in the afternoon from 2:30 to 3:30 and in the evening from 7:00 to 8:00. But remember only two visitors at a time. Sorry about that, but you can see what would happen if we didn't have these rules.
The other rules are about our time schedule. We start quite early-you might not be used to that. We wake you at 6 o'clock, and breakfast is at 8 o'clock, lunch at noon. There's tea at 3:30 and supper is at 6' o clock.
You can see the "No Smoking" sign-we don't allow smoking in the wards. I'm sure you understand why. However, if you do need to smoke, there are some smoking-rooms for you.
You will find the radio switch  on the wall near your bed, with your own headphones, if you want to listen. It's our own hospital radio wishing you a quick recovery{}.
The question is: How many wards are there in this hospital?
The possible answers are:
A:8
B:80
C:100
D:800Modern Chinese use the solar calendar as English people do . But at the same time, they use their own lunar calendar. Each lunar year is given the name of one of these animals : the rat , the ox , the tiger , the hare , the dragon , the snake , the horse , the goat , the monkey , the chicken , the dog and the pig . This list lasts for 12 years and then starts again.
Each Chinese month starts on the day of the new moon. And the full moon comes on the 15th day of the month. The New Year always starts between January 21 and February 20. On the last day of the lunar year, there is a big family dinner. All members of the family except married daughters try to be present at this meal, even if they have to travel many miles to reach the home of their parents. Old quarrels are forgotten, and everybody is happy. After the dinner, the children keep awake to welcome the New Year.
The New Year celebrations last for 15 days, from the new moon to the full moon. On the first day, children and unmarried people go to visit their elder
The question is: People celebrate the New Year   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:for 15 days
B:from the new moon to the full moon in the first month of the lunar year
C:from January 21 to February 20
D:both A and BBe careful on April 1st! When your classmates say "Your shoes untied !", it may not be true. And if you find your alarm clock is set back an hour, this may be a joke too.
April Fool's Day is a traditional festival. On that day people play harmless  jokes on others and then shout, "April Fool!" It's a "for-fun-only" day, so people don't buy gifts or get the day off work or school.
April Fool's Day started in France in the 16th century . At that time, New Year's Day was between March 25th and April 1st. When New Year's Day changed to January 1st in the mid-1560s, some people still celebrate it on April 1st. Others played jokes on them and called them "April Fools".
Each country celebrates April Fool's Day differently. In France, it is called "April Fish". The Frenchmen fool their friends by sticking   paper fish to their friends' backs. When someone finds out this joke, they shout, "April Fish!" In England, it is bad luck to play an April Fool's joke on someone in the afternoon. Americans play small tricks on friends and strangers alike.
The question is: April Fool's Day started in   _   in the sixteenth century.
The possible answers are:
A:the USA
B:England
C:China
D:FranceIt's three thirty in the afternoon at Raynham Primary School in London. Students are ready for their after-school math lesson. Thousands of kilometers away, their math tutors are also arriving for class. Each pupil gets an online tutor. The students work on their computer screen and wear a headset   to talk to their tutor.
Their classroom teacher, Altus, says he has seen an improvement in results. Nine-year-old Samia says she enjoys the online lessons. She said, "It helps me because sometimes when we're doing it in class, I don't hear the teacher very much and I don't understand, but online is better."
Tom Hooper started the company. It provides the online tutoring. The company is called Bright Spark Education.
Children today feel very confident online, so they enjoy their learning. Online tutoring costs between twenty and twenty-five dollars an hour. An online tutor is about half the cost of traditional face-to-face tutoring.
Bright Spark Education says the online tutoring is used only as an addition to the regular teaching. The company says its service doesn't _ the teachers' jobs in Britain.
Some parents say they are pleased with the results. But some students still hate math. Even with the latest technology  to teach it, math is still not everyone's favorite subject.
The question is: How much do you have to pay for learning for two hours online at least?   _
The possible answers are:
A:50 dollars.
B:25 dollars.
C:20 dollars.
D:40 dollarsYou will have a lot of reading to do in this grade this year. You can do more of it in less time if you learn to read rapidly. Perhaps you have been told about some habits which keep a person from reading fast and have been strongly asked to break those which you might have.
Do you still have any of these bad habits? Check yourself by answering "yes" or "no" to these questions.
(1)Do you move your lips  when reading silently?
(2)Do you point to words with your finger as you read?
(3)Do you move your head from side to side as you read?
(4)Do you read one word at a time?
If you answer "yes" to any of these questions, start at once to break the habit.If you move your lips, hold your fingers over them,or hold a piece of paper between your lips while you are reading. Then if your lips move, you will know it and can stop them.
If you point to words, hold the two sides of your book, one side with your left hand, the other side with your right hand. Then you won't have a free finger to use in pointing while reading. If you move your head, place your chin in one hand and hold your head still .
If you read no more than one or two three words at a time, you need to work very hard in learning to take in  more words at each glance  as your eyes travel across the lines of words.
Even if you do rather fast now, you can learn to read even faster.As you probably have been
told, the fast reading is to take in whole groups of words as each glance. Read in thought groups and force your eyes along the lines of words as fast as you can make them go. Anyone who practices doing these things will be able to read faster
The question is: When you read,   _   .
The possible answers are:
A:don't keep your head still
B:don't hold your books with your hands
C:don't stand up near a desk
D:don't use your finger to point to wordsJenny is a nice girl. She likes to playing soccer. And she watches soccer games on TV every day. But she doesn't like playing baseball. She has some friends in her class. They are Tom, Mary, Susan and Linda.
Tom likes playing ping - pong. He has some nice ping - pong bats, He usually plays ping - pong with his friends after school. Mary likes playing volleyball. She is in a volleyball club .But she doesn't like playing basketball. Susan likes singing. She has many CDs. They are in her desk. Linda is ten years old. She doesn't like doing any sports, but she likes making model planes.
The question is: Which of the following is True?
The possible answers are:
A:Jenny likes to play baseball.
B:Mary is in a basketball club now.
C:Susan likes singing and dancing.
D:Linda doesn't like playing soccer.Susan, the US
My best friend is Fanny. She is clever and interesting. We always look after each other. The first week we met, I got sick and she looked after me every day.
Betty, England
My best friend's Ana. She is honest and serious. We were born in the same city in England. Then I moved to America with my family. I thought I would never see Ana again. When I went to college in New York,, Ana and I shared the same room!
Ken, Japan
I love to spend time with Daisuke because he is funny and smart. We enjoy talking about the funny things we did when we were children , and tell the same stupid jokes over and over again.
Lily , Australia
Linda is very confident girl and she is really kind. Some people may wonder why Linda and I are best friends because we are totally different, but I think this is why we are such good friends.
The question is: What is Linda like
The possible answers are:
A:Confident and kind
B:Funny and smart
C:Honest and serious
D:Clever and interestingThis large flat is on the top floor of a five-story modern building in a quiet part of the city. There are two schools, a restaurant and several shopping centres nearby. A bus stop is only one hundred metres away. The flat has got a large living room , a dining room,a modern kitchen, one large bedroom and two small bedrooms. There is a bedroom with a shower, a sink and a toilet. The flat has also got a small storeroom and there is a large doorway. The price of it is $245,600 without the garage . The price of the garage is $34,560.
The question is: Which family may buy the flat?
The possible answers are:
A:The Smiths with their two sons and three daughters
B:The Blacks without a child
C:The Browns with their parents and their son.
D:The Whites with their three sons and two daughters.John liked to wear his hair very long. Some of his friends thought it looked like a girl's hair, but they never made jokes about it, because John was a big strong man and he didn't think jokes about his hair funny.
John always went to the barber's twice a month to have his hair cut and washed, and one day the barber said to him. "Now why don't you let me cut most of this hair off and make your head tidy? Nobody will recognize you if I do that. I'm sure."
John said nothing for a few seconds and then he said, "perhaps you are right, but I am sure that nobody will recognize you, either, if you do that to my hair."
The question is: John's answer was  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:a joke
B:right
C:a great praise
D:threatening to the barberA man was travelling abroad in a small red car. One day he left the car and went shopping. When he came back, its roof was badly damaged.
Some boys told him that an elephant had damaged  it. The man did not believe them, but they took him to a circus which was near there. The owner of the elephant said, "I am very sorry! My elephant has a big, round, red chair. He thought that your car was his chair, and he sat on it!"
Then he gave the man a letter, in which he said that he was sorry and that he would pay for all the damage.
When the man got back to his own country, the customs officers wouldn't believe his story. They said, "You sold your new car while you were abroad and bought this old one!" After the man showed them the letter from the circus man , then they believed him.
The question is: The circus man said that  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:he would pay for part of the damage
B:he would pay for all of the damage
C:he wouldn't pay for the damage
D:he would buy a new carSpider-Man 3 (<<3>> )got $29.15 million on the very first day in 16 overseas markets and beat the first two Spider-Man movies.
"The movie had the best opening day ever in some countries on Tuesday, including France, Italy and South Korea." a man from Sony Pictures said.
"Spider-Man 3 will open during the next few days in many other countries, including the United States on Friday. We certainly hope the same thing will happen in North America," said Jeff Blake, Sony vice chairman, on Wednesday.
2002's Spider-Man opened with $114.8 million in its first weekend, a debut record that stood until Pirates of the Caribbean: Dead Man's Chest broke it last year with $135.6 million a weekend.
Spider-Man 2 opened on a Wednesday before the fourth weekend of July in 2004, and set a record of $180.1 million in its first six days.
In France, Spider-Man 3 took in $6.8 million on the opening day, more than the first days for Spider-Man and Spider-Man 2 combined.
It earned $4.6 million in Germany, $4 million in Italy, $3.7 million in Japan, $3.4 million in South Korea, $1.1 million in the Philippines and $1 million each in Hong Kong and Thailand.
The question is: In which country did Spider-man 3 earn the most money?
The possible answers are:
A:Germany.
B:Italy.
C:South Korea.
D:America.This dictionary tells you about English words and how to use them in reading, writing and speaking English. It not only gives the meaning of words, it can also help you with spelling, word building, grammar and pronunciation.
To use your dictionary correctly, you need to understand how the dictionary works. At the front of the book, you will find some exercises to help you make the most use of your dictionary.
If you look up the word "colour", you will find two spellings for this word. "Colour" is used in British English, while "color" is used in American English. When such a thing happens, the dictionary shows it with the word "BrE" for British English and "AmE" for American English.
The dictionary also helps you pronounce words correctly. It uses a special alphabet   to show pronunciation. If you turn to the inside back face, you will see all the phonetic letters   with some words to show you how they are pronounced. Just have a look at this page when you're not sure how to say a word.
The most important reason for using a dictionary is to find out the meaning of a word--its _ .
In this dictionary, the definitions have been written using only 2000 words. This means that the definitions of even the most difficult words are simply explained and easy to understand.
The question is: The dictionary explains   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:some of the difficult words
B:all the words in a simple way
C:all the easy words
D:the words of two meaningsDogs have long been regarded as a loyal  friend of humans. They are not only a good companion to their owners, but also a security guard in some way. However, in fact, dogs do more things than just that. Recently, a British middle school has invited a dog to the classroom. Why? For fun? For security? Or for experiments?
Flossie, a ten-month-old poodle, says "No" to all the above guesses. He is there to help increase students' reading confidence. It is a little hard to believe, but it's real.
Vice-headmaster Sue Frost is responsible for training and taking care of the dog. She said, "Flossie has a great _ on students.They are willing to read for him. This is really a good way for students to learn more new words and make new progress."
Flossie is quite popular among students. Jacob Wicks, an 11-year-old schoolboy, entered the school last November. He said, "I think Flossie is a lovely dog. He always listens to me quietly when I am reading. There is no need for me to worry about negative comments if I don't read well." Another student named Jordan Leatherhead said that he liked reading Guinness world Records for Flossie, and that Flossie like listening to him because there are many records about dogs and other animals in the book.
Wow! This is really an interesting teaching method. Why not have a try if you have a pet dog at home?
,.
The question is: Why did Jacob Wicks like reading for Flossie?
The possible answers are:
A:Because they are good friends.
B:Because Flossie liked reading.
C:Because he felt relaxed when reading for him.
D:Because he wanted to teach him how to read.Nancy: I saw seven girls in one umbrella and none of them got wet.
Taney: Oh, that must be a very big umbrella.
Nancy: No, it wasn't raining. [
A good boy
Little Robert asked his mother for two cents .
"What did you do with the money I gave you yesterday?"
"I gave it to a poor old woman," he answered.
"You're a good boy," said the mother proudly. "Here are two more cents. But why are you so interested in the old woman?"
"She is the one who sells candies. "
Break a mirror
"What are you so happy about, Jason?" Lisa asked the 98-year-old man.
"I broke a mirror," he replied.
"But that means seven years of bad luck. "
"I know," he said happily. "Isn't it wonderful? I can live for another seven years. "
The question is: The seven girls didn't get wet because   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:the umbrella was big enough
B:the seven girls wore raincoats
C:it wasn't raining at all
D:it wasn't a heavy rainA new product - the Apple Watch - into the market. Last year, the watch was firstly introduced by Tim Cook, Apple's CEO. The price of the watch is from $349 to $1,099, depending on its size and whether it is a sports or regular one.
Apple engineers and designers have put in a lot of thought and hard work into creating this "small screen" on your wrist .  The "sensor " on the screen not only finds your finger, but also knows the difference between when you are tapping , and when you are pressing hard er.
The watch also has "haptic feedback ". You can s end personal messages to your friend --such as drawing a star or a special sign with your fingers, or tapping the watch, say 3 times, and your friend will receive those taps on their wrist.
Besides telling the time, the watch will use 'Bluetooth' to connect with your iPhone and show calls or text messages that come in.
According to Tim Cook, the watch may open up a whole new area of applications  that we had never thought of. Some car f actories like BMW have developed an app that allows its car owners to open their cars with the watch. A 'Hotels' app may allow you to open the door to your hotel room without worrying about losing the smart-card. And finally, even at the airport--passengers may be able to simply wave their wrist to check into their flight.
The biggest use of the watch, however, is as your personal fitness coach. The watch can show your pulse (heartbeat) using a sensor at the bottom of the watch. It also has the same sensor as your iPhone, so it knows when you are moving, and also how much you are walking or running. It will remind you if you have been sitting for too long without taking exercise.
The question is: We can learn from the passage that the Apple Watch  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:is designed by Tim Cook
B:was brought into the market last week
C:sells at different prices for different colors
D:can show your pulse and knows when you are moving.Last July, my 12-year-old car died on California's Santa Freeway. It was an hour before sunset, and I was 25 miles from home. I couldn't reach anyone to pick me up, so I decided to take a bus. Not knowing the routes, I thought I'd just go east.
A bus stopped. I got on and asked the driver how far she was going, "Ten more miles," she said. There was another bus I could take from there. This clearly was going to be a long night.
I got off at the end of the route and she told me which bus to look for. After waiting 30 minutes, I began to think about a very expensive taxi ride home. Then a bus came up. There was no lighted number above its windshield. It was out of service, but the door opened. It was the same driver.
"I just can't leave you here," she said. "This isn't the nicest place. I will give you a ride home."
"You will drive me home on the bus?" I asked, _ .
"No, I will take you in my car," she said.
"It's a long way," I insisted.
"Come on, " she said. "I have nothing else to do."
As we drove from the station in the car, she began telling me a story, A few days earlier, her brother had run out of gas. A good man picked him up, took him to a service station and then back to his car. "I'm just passing the favor  along," she said.
When I offered her money as a thank-you, she wouldn't accept. "Just do something nice for somebody. Pass it along," she said.
The question is: The writer changed his mind after waiting 30 minutes because   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:he became impatient and a bit worried
B:a taxi ride would be more comfortable
C:he knew the driver would never return
D:the bus driver had given him wrong informationIf you go to Hawaii, you can stay at the Garden Hotel. When you go there for holiday, you will find everything as comfortable as you would expect  in a first-class international hotel.
Every bedroom has its own bathroom, telephone, special tables and colourful, modern sofa.
In the Mitsui Restaurant, you can choose your meals from different dishes, both Eastern and European. You can also find the dishes anywhere in the country. In the Beach Bar, you can drink with your family and friends comfortably to the music of famous musicians . Or you can take your drink outside into the beautiful garden of the hotel. You can also swim in the swimming pool. In the hotel, you will find _ . It will not take you a long time to wait for your service.
The Garden Hotel is right on the beach, only five minutes on foot from Hawaii's modern shopping centre. Here you will find all things at prices you can agree.
The Waikiki Beachside Hotel is also one of the most famous hotels in Hawaii. Beachside Hotel is close to restaurants, bars, Honolullu  nightlife, Waikiki beaches, Oahu  and all of the Hawaii adventure  activities!
We are sure that your stay here at our Waikiki Beachside Hotel will be the best stay you have in Hawaii or the world.
The question is: The Garden Hotel lies   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:on the beach not far from Hawaii's top shopping malls
B:on the beach and you will find many expensive things there
C:close to bars and all of the Hawaii adventure activities
D:fifteen minutes away from the shopping centre on footA businessman, who was very fond of music, was asked by a poor widow to give her some help. Her husband, who was a musician, had died, and left her very poor indeed.
The businessman saw that the widow and her daughter, who was with her, were in great distress. He looked with pity into their pale faces, and was sure that their sad story was true.
"How much do you want, my good woman?" said the businessman.
"Five dollars will save us," said the poor widow, with some hesitation, after she thought for a few seconds.
The businessman sat down at his desk, took a piece of paper, wrote a few lines on it, and gave it to the widow with the words, "Take it to the bank you see on the other side of the street."
The widow thanked the man, and then quickly walked to the bank with her daughter, without stopping to read the note. The banker at once counted out fifty dollars instead of five, and passed them to the window.
She was amazed when she saw so much money. "Sir, there is a mistake here." she said. "You have given me fifty dollars, and I asked for only five."
The banker then looked at the note once more, and said, "The check calls for fifty dollars."
The banker then asked her to wait a few minutes, while he went to see the businessman who gave her the note.
"Yes," said the businessman, when he had heard the banker's story, "I did make a mistake. I wrote fifty instead of five hundred. Give the poor widow five hundred dollars, for such honesty is poorly rewarded   with even that sum."
The question is: From the story, we can guess that a widow is a woman who   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:has lost her husband
B:loves her husband very much
C:is very poor
D:has a daughter but no sonsHere is a dog with a lantern  in his mouth, he is looking for his master .
Carlo, a lovely dog, had been taught to be useful. The roads, in the place where his master lived, were often so bad that it was not safe for any person to go out without a light on dark nights.
So Carlo's master taught him to carry a lantern for him at night; and he did it as steadily  as any boy could have done.
Carlo never trotted  too far before his master so that the bright light of the lantern might guide his master's steps.
When he came to a deep rut or hole in the road, he would turn round to his master, seemed to say, /Take care, there is a hole here. "
The dog's master lived about a mile from the town; and when he could not get home before dark, Carlo used to be sent to him with the lantern. Carlo knew where to go. He also knew the road which his master would take.
But Carlo didn't always find his master right away. When he reached the town, he would run off to a house where his master often was. Still holding his lantern, he would scratch at the street-door with his feet and bark ;  as much as to say,  6/Here am I,
Master, with the lantern, are you ready for home? "
Someone would perhaps come to the door and sa 6/Your master is not here. " Carlo
would growl , seemed to say, "Then he is somewhere else, and I must find him. "
He would then run off to one house after another, until he found his master, then the two went home together.
The question is: The master taught Carlo  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:to speak
B:where to go to look for him
C:to know the road which he would take
D:to carry the lantern to guide his steps at nightFour New Cool Inventions
Mip
Mip, a playful robot, was developed by a Canadian toy maker named Wowwee. It stands 19 cm tall. You can control it simply with your gestures  or a smart phone. Mip can run, balance and dance on two wheels. It can also bring you a bottle of water.
Android Wear
Google is developing a smart watch called Android Wear. The watch uses a touchscreen and voice control. Simply say "OK, Google" to ask what ever you want to know. For example, say "OK, Google. Where's the nearest toy store?" Your answer will tell you the answer on Google Maps.
Le Pen
Do you like listening to music while doing homework? If you do, you will like Le Pen. With a music player planted inside, Le Pen plays music while you write on paper. The music stops when you stop writing. So if you want to enjoy more of your favorite songs, keep on writing.
One wheel
In the near future you may find a new way to escape traffic: a self-balancing skateboard called Onewheel. It can go as fast as 19km an hour. On a single charge , it can take you as far as 7-10km.
The question is: Riding on One wheel, people can travel as far as   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:5-10km.
B:7-10km.
C:9-19km.
D:19km and more.I am a tall boy. I can play basketball and soccer very well. Today is Sunday. I don't go to school. I watch a soccer match on TV. It's a good match. Beckham is my idol .He plays well in the match. In the afternoon, I play soccer with my good friends Jim,Ben, Peter, Gary and Kevin. Sarah is in the park, too. She is my good friend. She watches us play. We are hungry at 4:00, but we are happy.
The question is: The man "Beckham"probablyis a   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:basketballplayer
B:soccerplayer
C:singer
D:baseballplayerOne day , Mr. Jackson  took Paul to his favorite restaurant. It was a French restaurant. The  waiter was from France, but he didn't speak to them in French.  "Would you like to see menu?" , he asked in a kind way. "Yes, please,"  Mr. Jackson said.
The  waiter gave them a menu each. They studied them. " You can spend only twenty-five dollars," Mr. Jackson told his son. The  waiter  asked  Paul," What would you like, young man?"
"How much is the tomato soup?" Paul asked.
" Six dollars," the waiter said." It's very good."
"How much is  the duck with orange?" Paul asked next.
"Fifteen dollars," the waiter said.
"How much is the chocolate ice cream?"
"Six dollars," the waiter said.
Paul added it up quickly. Six plus fifteen plus six is twenty-seven. He thought  he could have the duck and the soup, or the duck and ice cream." I'll have the duck and the chocolate ice cream, please," he said to the waiter.
Paul said to his father, "My meal will cost only twenty-one dollars. Can I keep the other four dollars? His father laughed."No, Paul," he  said ,"leave it for the waiter."
The question is: What did Mr .Jackson tell Paul to do with the other $4?
The possible answers are:
A:Keep it
B:Give it back to him
C:Spend it on soothing else
D:Give it to the waiterOne afternoon, four black youths walked into a restaurant that served "whites" only. They sat down and ordered bread and milk. The white waiter just said "We don't serve blacks". The young men did not move. They were tired to death of segregation  and of being kicked around. The manager was called. When he saw the angry look in their eyes, he said that he was sorry, but it was not possible to serve them.
The next day, more young black people came, and even more came the day after to the restaurant. Then a gang of white youths came in and attacked them. Most of the blacks were beaten up and were black and blue all over. After that the police rushed in, the several people were put in prison---all of them were black, although they had not done anything wrong---just because they were black.
The news spread quickly through the black living areas in the city. A large crowd held a meeting round the restaurant the following day, forcing  the restaurant to shut. Young men, black and white, made speeches protesting against segregation and pointing out that black people only wanted to live a life in the same way that whites did. They gave out leaflets and soon the movement spread to other cities. Business became so bad at that particular restaurant that the owners were forced to give and served blacks.
Nowadays, all the blacks are served in all restaurants open to the public in America.
The question is: The four blacks didn't leave the restaurant because   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:it was warmer there than outside
B:they hated the manager
C:they were hungry
D:they were against segregationWhen kids at Archisha Singh's school in Loudoun County have a birthday, no parents buy them birthday cakes.
Some schools are worried that children might become fat or eat unhealthy food, so they have banned  cupcakes altogether.
What do kids do? Birthday kids can donate a book. The headmaster of their school will then read it to their class. The headmaster also hands out birthday certificates , special pencils, and makes sure the kids' names are read out in the school's morning news.
Parents can send stickers , pencils and other things to students. None of the things can be food. If a child donates jump ropes or other sports equipment, that child may get his or her name on a certificate. It will then be displayed at school.
Archisha really misses cupcakes, especially those her mother used to make for her kindergarten class, but her school's way is fun, too. "I like both ways," she said.
The headmaster says it's important that the school should be not only teaching, but offering healthy choices to kids. "There is a better life without cupcakes. If you eat a cupcake, then it's gone in two seconds, but a book lasts a lifetime. The sports equipment lasts, and the kids can use it day after day."
The question is: Some schools have banned cupcakes because   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:they don't like them
B:they are not delicious
C:they are unhealthy food
D:they are too expensiveUncle Li and Uncle Wang are good friends. They live next to each other and their farms are both at the foot of the mountain. So they can help each other. But neither of them likes to use his head. They work hard but they are both poor. Most villagers have built new houses, but they still live in the low and broken houses. They never find out why.
Once Uncle Li went to town to buy some medicine for his wife. In the town he heard the apples in a city were expensive. He told Uncle Wang about it as soon as he went back. They decided to carry some apples to the city. They borrowed some money from their friends and bought nearly 1,000 kilograms of apples in the villages and carried them to the city on a tractor . Bad luck! A lot of apples were in the city when they arrived. A few days later they had to sell them at a low price. They felt unhappy and returned to their village.
"I can't understand why we sustained   losses  in business while others always profit  " Uncle Li asked one day.
"The tractor was too small" Uncle Wang said without thinking. "We'll carry more apples on a truck next time!"
"I agree!" said Uncle Li. "How foolish we were!"
The question is: The two farmers had to sell their apples at a low price because   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:theirs weren't as good as the others'
B:theirs were much less than the others'
C:a lot of apples were in the city
D:they forgot to carry them on a truck"Three apples have changed the world. One is for Eve, one is for Newton. The third is in the hands of Steve Jobs." said someone.
Steve Jobs was the former CEO of the Apple computer company in his parents' garage   on April Fool's Day, 1976. Through many years' hard work, Jobs and his Apple products were a great success. People believe he has made the world a better place. Many young people also think of Apple products as a fashion icon.
Because of his great achievements in this area, he was honoured   with a number of awards, including the National Medal of Technology in 1985, the Times cover character   and the Most Successful Manager in 1997.
Jobs' road to success wasn't an easy one. He experienced several ups and downs, but he was still standing. Just as Hemingway in The Old Man and the Sea said, "A man can be destroyed, but not be defeated  . So he was considered as an American hero.
What did Jobs' workers and family members think of him?
On one hand, some workers described him as a strange, bad-tempered   boss. They said he was impatient with those who disagreed with him or didn't understand his ideas. On the other hand, his family members thought of him as a home-loving dad with each of his four children. He worried about all the things of them, such as their boyfriends, travel, safety and even skirt length. Though he was quite busy, he still attended his daughter's graduation   party.
The question is: From the passage, we know that   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:Steve Jobs was very famous only in the USA
B:Steve Jobs was too busy to care about his children
C:Steve Jobs changed the world a lot with his Apple products
D:Steve Jobs never got into any trouble on his way to successIt's hard to believe how times have changed since the first modern Olympics were held in Athens, Greece, on 6th April 1896. Over one hundred years ago, there was very little reliance(dependence)on modern technology. There were no landing mats , no stopwatches and no photo finishes. In fact, cameras and stopwatches were not used until the 1932 Olympic Games in Los Angeles, the USA.
Today technology has completely revolutionized(changed) sports. Take sports equipment for example. Starting blocks are now equipped with electronic pressure sensors , which provide exactly correct race time and also help to catch runners who "jump the gun". As athletes cross the finishing line, special digital cameras can also easily decide the winner. The clays of " _ " are gone.
Athletes have also benefited  from technological developments. Body-hug-ging suits, which reduce  wind drag, can help cut up to one-tenth of a second from runners' race times. Top athletes are even provided with tailor-made sports shoes. These shoes are made to fit the athlete exactly--and there are even air compartments in the shoes that can be filled to meet each runner's individual needs.
Technology has also changed the way that many sports are performed. Take one example--the pole vault . The inclusion of a landing mat obviously made a big difference to the vaulting style as athletes no longer needed to worry about hurting themselves as they fell. Without these worries, athletes could obviously jump higher. These days, polevaulters do not even need to worry about the crossbar as the uprights are now fitted with light-emitting diodes(LEDs) that measure  how high the athlete vaulted. Technology has even been to the advantage of swimmers. New pools have been designed to reduce wave interference and sports scientists have even developed a new style of swimming that increases buoyancy and reduces drag in the water.
The increasing importance of these technological developments has led many sportsmen to suggest that the "Olympic spirit" is being lost in a rush to break records and win medals. Many developing countries say that technology has become too important in sport and that athletes from developing countries that cannot afford such technology are disadvantaged. There are no easy answers but one thing is sure--we cannot turn back time. Technology cannot go backwards.
The question is: The purpose of the writer in writing this article is   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:to suggest we should keep up with the times
B:to show us the future of modern Olympics
C:to prove that the athletes have done better
D:to introduce high-tech sports equipmentMary is an English girl. She's six years old . Her mother takes her to school in the morning and brings her home in the afternoon. She likes her nice school. She likes her teachers, too.
One day, she says   to her mother, " Mom, we have a new girl in our class today, Her name is Kim. She's six years old , too. She's very nice, but she isn't English. She is German ".
"Does she speak   English "?
"No, but she laughs  in English ", Mary says happily  .
The question is: Mary   _   her nice school.
The possible answers are:
A:likes
B:doesn't like
C:can't go to
D:go toLook ! What's this in English? Ah, it's a photo. Who's that in the photo? It's Li Yan. Li Yan is my good friend. She is a beautiful  girl. Who's that? The boy in black? It's Jim. He is an English boy. He is very cool . He is my friend, too. We are all in the same  school. I like Jim and Li Yan.
The question is: Who are in the same school?
The possible answers are:
A:Jim, Li Yan and I
B:Jim and I
C:Jim and Li Yan
D:Li Yan and IMany people go to school for an education. They learn languages, history, politics, geography, physics, chemistry and mathematics. Others go to school to learn a skill so that they can make a living.
School education is very important and useful. Yet, no one can learn everything from school. A teacher, no matter how much he knows, can not teach his students everything they want to know. The teacher's job is to show his students how to learn. He teaches them how to read and how to think. So, much more is to be learned outside school by the students themselves.
It is always more important to know how to study by oneself than to memorize some facts or a formula . It is actually quite easy to learn a certain fact in history or a formula in math. But it is very difficult to use a formula in working out a math problem.
Great scientists before us didn't get everything from school. Their teachers only showed them the way. Edison didn't even finish primary school. But they were all so successful. They invented so many things for mankind. The reason for their success is that they knew how to study. They read books that were not taught at school. They would ask many questions as they read. They did thousands of experiments. They worked hard all their lives, wasting not a single moment. Above all, they knew how to use their brain.
The question is: To work out a math problem, you need to know   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:only a certain formula
B:a certain fact
C:some facts
D:the way to solve itThere are some new students in my class this term. John is from Tokyo. He speaks Japanese very well. Mike comes from New York. He is twelve years old. Kathy's hometown is Paris. David lives in Toronto. He is now in our city with his parents. And the tallest girl, Vicky is from Brazil. She likes soccer very much. The other forty students are all Chinese. They get on well with each other.
The question is: Which is NOT TRUE?
The possible answers are:
A:David is a Canadian.
B:David's parents are in Canada now.
C:David and his parents are all in China now.
D:David is from Canada.Mr. and Mrs. Wilson lived in a big city. They liked traveling. One summer they went to the countryside for their holiday. They enjoyed it very much, because it was a quiet and clean place.
One day they went out for a walk early in the morning and saw an old man. He lived on the farm, and he was sitting alone in the warm sun in front of the house. Mr. Wilson asked him, "Do you like living in the quiet place?"
The old man said, "Yes, I do."
Mr. Wilson asked, "What are the good things about it?"
The old man answered. "Well, everybody knows everybody. People often come and see me, and I often go and see them. And there're lots of children here."
Mr. Wilson said, "That's interesting. And what are the bad things?"
The old man thought for a minute and said, "Well, the same things."
The question is: What did the old man think were the good things about the countryside?   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:Everybody knew each other.
B:Everybody didn't know each other.
C:It was clean and quiet.
D:He had a farm.(Renee-a beautiful princess; Broo-a blue bear; Nahloo-a magical place)
When the Princess Renee heard about Broo, she came down from her castle. She found Broo while he was busy eating honey.
"Mr. Bear," the Princess said, "you are welcome in Nahloo. Here we share with each other. We don't take things from each other."
Broo thought about it for a moment and realized that he had made a mistake. "Well," he said, "maybe drinking all that milk wasn't the best idea."
The Princess continued, "Mr. Bear, you can drink and eat, but you won't feel good because you have never made any contribution to anyone else. I think you'll find that it is better to be full in your heart, not just in your stomach." After saying this, the Princess went back to the castle, leaving Broo alone.
One day, Broo was going to take lots of cookies from the rabbits, then he remembered what the Princess said to him. So Broo decided not to eat the cookies. The rabbits were surprised and said, "Thank you for your kindness, Mr. Bear. Now these cookies will taste sweeter because they are given by you, my friend. If you like, come back tomorrow and we can have the cookies together."
Broo was filled with joy and went through the land. He gave back everything he had taken. In return, he received a promise from everyone to share their food with him. Broo was so delighted that he started dancing in the moonlight with the Princess as his partner.
The question is: The passage is probably from   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:an advertisement
B:a tour guide
C:an application
D:a story bookMrs. Black wants to visit her son. Her son works in a post office in the city ,but she doesn't know where it is , She begins to look for it , but she can't find it. She asks an old man, "Excuse me , how can I get to the post office?"
"We have about forty post offices in the city," says the old man. "Which one do you want to go to ?" She gives her son's letter to him and the old man says , Walk along this street to the first crossroads and then turn left. You will see it on your left," She thanks the old man and soon finds her son . They are very happy.
The question is: She can get to the post office by  _
The possible answers are:
A:walking along the street, and turning left at the first crossroads
B:going straight along the street
C:walking left at the corner
D:walking along the street ,and turning right at the first crossroadsIn kindergarten  your idea of a good friend was the person who let you have the red crayon when all that was left was the ugly black one.
In first grade your idea of a good friend was the person who went to the bathroom with you and held your hand as you walked through the scary halls.
In second grade your idea of a good friend was the person who helped you stand up to the class bully .
In third grade your idea of a good friend was the person who shared their lunch with you when you forgot yours on the bus.
In fourth grade your idea of a good friend was the person who was willing to _ square dancing partners in gym so you wouldn't have to be stuck with Nasty Nicky or Smelly Susan.
In fifth grade your idea of a friend was the person who saved a seat on the back of the bus for you.
In sixth grade your idea of a friend was the person who went up to Nicky or Susan , your new crush  and asked them to dance with you, so that if they said no you wouldn't have to be embarrassed.
In seventh grade your idea of a friend was the person who let you copy the social studies homework from the night before that you had forgotten to do.
In eighth grade your idea of a good friend was the person who helped you pack up your stuffed animals and old baseball, but didn't laugh at you when you finished and broke out into tears.
In ninth grade your idea of a good friend was the person who would go to a party held by a senior so you wouldn't end up being the only freshman  there.
The question is: If you're   _  , you might regard the person who shared their lunch with you when you forgot yours on the bus as your best friend.
The possible answers are:
A:In Grade One.
B:In Grade Three.
C:In Grade Six.
D:In Grade Seven.I work in a small shop. It is near a factory. Every day, workers, old ladies and housewives come to the shop to buy things.
I live in a house not very far from the shop. I usually get up at six, have breakfast and then go to work by bike. I take some food along in my lunch box.
I get to the shop at about ten to seven. At seven customers  begin to arrive. They buy meat, eggs, sugar, soybean, sauce, cooking oil  , salt, candies, biscuits and many other things. We don't sell  vegetables or fruit. There is a shop for these things nearby. I have my meal at noon from my lunch box. At seven in the evening we close the shop. I tidy things up and then go home for supper.
Some people may think my work isn't so interesting. But I do my bit for the modernizations , don't I?
The question is: What does she think about her work?
The possible answers are:
A:She thinks her work is too tired.
B:She doesn't like having lunch in the shop.
C:She thinks the long-hour work is a pleasure.
D:She likes her work a lot though  she is busy all day.Here are a lot of different cakes-fruit cakes,chocolate cakes,etc.Sometimes we buy them in a shop.Sometimes we make them ourselves.
We like cakes.We like Christmas cakes a lot.My mother often makes cakes for us at Christmas.And I often help her to make them.To make a Christmas cake,we need these things:
Half a kilo of flour ;
3 cups of milk;
4 eggs and some fruit,etc.
Now we can make a cake with those things.
The question is: What do we need to make a cake?
The possible answers are:
A:Some flour.
B:Some milk.
C:Some eggs.
D:All of the above.This is not a diet. It's a simple way to lose weight~ And you don' t even have to give up the food you love or join a gym. You just follow some habits that thin people have. Keep them, and you'll become thin.
( 1 ) Wake - up
When you wake up in the morning, sit up slowly without using your hands. With legs straight out, bend( ) forward until you feel sore in your back. It will burn about 10 calories (,).
(2) Start with soup
When you have a meal, order a clear soup, and have it before having the main food. In this way, you'll feel fuller, so you'll eat less when the main food comes.
(3) An apple (or more) a day
Apples are full of fiber  and water, so your stomach will want less. The study shows that people who eat at least three, apples a day lose weight.
(4) Stand up and walk around
Every time you use the mobile phone, stand up and walk around.  Heavy people sit on average  two and a half hours more each day than thin people. This skill is very important as standing up and walking around will burn 50 or more calories.
Use these skills, and you will have a big weight loss.
,A, B, C, D,. (5,2,10)
The question is: Eating apples make one's stomach want less food  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:Because apples are delicious.
B:Because apples are full of fiber and water.
C:Because apples are sour.
D:Because only apples are filled with calories.Most painters discover a style of painting that suits them and stick to  that, especially if people admire their pictures. As artist grows older his picture may alter , but not very much. But Picasso, the great Spanish painter, was like a man who had not yet found his own particular style of painting. He kept on struggling  to find the perfect expression till his death in 1973.
Some of Picasso's paintings are rich, soft colored and beautiful. Others are ugly and cruel and strange. But such paintings allow us to imagine things for ourselves. They force us to say to ourselves, "What does he see that makes him paint like that?" And we begin to look beneath the surface of the things we see.
Picasso painted thousands of pictures in different styles. Sometimes he painted the natural look of things. _ He showed us what the mind knows as well as what the eye sees. At the age of 90 he remained as _ about the world as he had been when he was young. That is why people have called him "the youngest painter in the world".
The question is: The ugly, cruel and strange paintings by Picasso   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:allow us to ask questions about ourselves
B:force us to do with a lot of things
C:make us think of what is hidden in the things we see
D:make us think of funny storiesIn October 2012, I joined an organization to volunteer to work in Thailand. When I arrived in Thailand, I thought I would be taken to an orphanage . However, I was told that I had to go to the place where I would live by train alone. And then I knew that my job was to teach English in a school instead of working at an orphanage.
The next day I went to the school and met the kids I would teach. In the classroom, the kids looked at me, saying nothing. No one could speak English. But from their eyes, I knew they were really nervous to learn English, It seemed like a big challenge for me, but that was just what I wanted.
Although I loved the kids and the challenge, my life in Thailand was quite hard at first. I was alone and there was nobody I could talk to. However, I didn't give up. If I had been afraid of difficulties, I wouldn't have traveled all the way from England to Thailand to be a volunteer. Little by little, I learned some Thai and started to fall in love with Thailand. Every time I saw the kids' pleasure of learning English, I was happy and felt that what I was doing was really _ .
Now I'm working in a hospital in Thailand. If you also want to be a volunteer like me, don't worry too much about the food or the place where you live. After all, as a volunteer, the most important thing is to help people who need help!
The question is: The writer tells us her experience as a volunteer to   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:explain that being a volunteer in a strange country isn't a good idea
B:tell people not to worry about their food and housing conditions
C:explain that it's very important for children to learn English
D:show that a volunteer should face difficulties bravelyChildren are children after all, and most of them speak their mind. When they are just toddlers , they are all lovely and lively. And it's so interesting to watch them speak like a grown-up. But as they grow, these same kids seem annoying and ill-mannered if they try to be a grown-up.
Conflicts  go between parents and children. It's hard to tell who are right and who are wrong. A child of 7-8 always finds some reasons to have a conflict with it's parents. Whether it is about some toy, studies, a party or a company, there is always a difference between them. And it becomes worse when they answer you back. Scientists tell us that children should be treated with care. Yes, sure they should respect their elders.
We are partly responsible  for this. At an early age we encourage children to behave like adults, just because we find it funny. The kids on the other hand consider this same behavior as normal and get used to it. And when it is not funny for us any more, we expect them to stop it, but by then it is already too late. Only when they reach a certain maturity  will the children realize that answering back and being rude are not acceptable . Until then, most of the time their behavior is difficult to change, unless by force . And use of force is against the every good idea, as it weakens the child's confidence.
So it is one thing to bring a child into this world but quite another to make them into well mannered citizens. The best way is to be a good example ourselves, as our children are the mirrors of us adults.
The question is: The writer wrote the passage   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:to show the importance of good examples
B:to give examples on educating children
C:to show the growth of children
D:to show the behavior of childrenMr. Jones opened a shop in Aston to sell writing-paper, pencils and things like that. During the first month, very few people visited his shop. He sold little,and he could see that he was going to lose money.
One night,Mr.Jones sat bay the fire and was worried after another very bad day. Suddenly he got an idea. He found a piece of wood and wrote to the following notice on it in big letters:
"WHAT DO YOU THINK I GIVE AWAY PENCILS AND PAPER AND INK"
He put up the notice in front of the shop window before he went to bed. He slept better than usual that night.
The following day, many people came to the shop. Mr. Jones said good morning to them all with a bright smile and asked the frist woman what she wanted.
She chose some writing paper and a pencil. As soon as he put them on her hands, she turned to leave the shop.
"That will be thirty cents ,please," he said.
"Why?" she asked in surprise.
"That's the price of the paper and the pencil."
"But your notice says it's free," she replied.
"Oh no," he said, "how can I make any money if everything is free?"
She took him outside and showed him the notice "It is wrong,too,"she said. "where is the question mark after the word 'think'?"
"There isn't a question mark,"he said.
"But there should be one ."
"I'm afraid you've made a mistake," Mr.Jones said."You have read my notice in the wrong way."
"Not at all," said the woman. "It is quite easy to read. It says: What do you think? I give away pencils and paper and ink!"
"No," Mr.Jones said. "You should read it like this: _ And the answer to the question is: Certainly not! So you really have to pay me thirty cents, you see."
The question is: What can we infer  from the story?
The possible answers are:
A:Mr.Jones agreed to let the shoppers get things for free that day.
B:People in the town considered Mr.Jones a smart and honest man.
C:The woman paid the money unwillingly and left the shop angrily.
D:Mr.Jones s trick proved to be a longtime success and he got rich.Computers can injure you. Most other injuries happen suddenly. For example, if you fall off a bike and break your arms, it happens very quickly. But computer injuries slowly.
You probably know how to ride a bike safely. Now learn to use a computer safely.
Your eyes
Too much light can injure your eyes, so never sit too close to a computer screen. Your eyes should be at least 50 centimeters from the screen. Remember to look away from it sometimes. This gives your eyes a rest.
When you use a computer, the window should be on your left or your right. If it is behind you, the light will reflect on   the screen. If the window is in front of you, the sun and the screen will both shine into your eyes.
Your hands and wrists  
Hand and wrist injuries can happen because the hands and wrists are moved in the same way hundreds of times. If you use a keyboard for a long time, follow these three rules: 1) Rest your wrists on something. 2) Keep your elbows at the same height as the keyboard. 3) Stop something and exercise your hands, wrists and fingers in a different way.
Your back
Some people sit for many hours in front of a computer. If you sit in the wrong way, you can injure your back or your neck. So you should sit with your back straight. The top part of the screen should all be in front of your eyes. Your forearms, wrists, hands and the upper part of your legs should all be parallel   to the floor. If you are sitting for a long time, get up every 30 minutes and exercise your arms, legs and necks.
Enjoy your computer, but use it safely.
The question is: Hand and wrist injuries are caused when you   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:get plenty of exercise
B:move in the same way again and again
C:rest your wrists on something
D:keep your elbows as high as the keyboardHello, my name is Mike.I am from England. I am a new student in Jason School. I am in Class 2, Grade 1. I go to school 5 days a week and there are 6 classes a day. There are 25 students in my class. I am very happy to meet them. English is my favorite lesson. Miss Green is my English teacher. She is 27 years old. I like having her class. There is a computer in my classroom. Miss Green likes playing English songs on the computer in her class and we like these songs. Now I can sing many English songs. There are some pictures in the classroom because some students like drawing pictures and they draw very well. I like my classroom and my new school. Welcome to my school!
The question is: What's Mike's favorite lesson ?
The possible answers are:
A:English
B:Chinese
C:History
D:ArtThis is a picture of a classroom . You can see a teacher's desk, five desks and six chairs. You can see a girl and a boy, too. Four English books are on the teacher's desk. One pencil-case is on a desk. Two pens and two rulers are in the pencil-case. A schoolbag is behind a chair. A ball is on the floor. The girl is Lily. She is 12.The boy is Mike. He is 11.They are in Class 5.They are good friends. Their teacher is Mr. King. He is not here.
The question is: Who is eleven?
The possible answers are:
A:Lucy.
B:Lily.
C:Mike
D:I don't know.Dear mum and dad,
I'm writing this letter to you from the center of Australia. At the moment we're staying near Uluru--that's the aboriginal  name for Ayers Rock. On the first day, we took a balloon tour over the rock, and I was surprised at how big it was: 3.6 kilometers long and 384 meters high. The colors of the rock are fantastic, and at different times of the day, they change from purple to red. The Aborigines are the first people of Australia, and the ancient aboriginal stories describe the spirits that created the world. Uluru is a center of Aboriginal culture.
The Australians have many British relatives. That's why they're like us in many ways. Their family life is similar to ours, and they enjoy the same food and hobbies. The food and drink that most Australians like are grapes, lamb, ham and especially wine that they make in the south of the country. They love all sports, but football is the most popular. Most Australians live near the coast, so they also love going to the beach, swimming and surfing.
Although it's December, it's summer over here. The sunshine is very bright, and near the coast the countryside is very green. There are lots of sheep in the fields and on the hills, but the outback  is more like a desert, full of rocks and sand.
The next day after we arrived at Uluru, we went on a camel  ride. The camel that I rode had a bad _ . When I sat on its back, it became very angry and refused me. So everyone else thought it was very funny that my camel kept lying down...
Finally, later this evening, we're taking the plane back to Sydney and coming home, it's been a fantastic trip!
Tony
The question is: Tony may be a(n)   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:British
B:Australian
C:American
D:ChineseDear Mr Han,
I just turned 12 years old, but I am very thin and not as tall as my classmates. My brother is 20 and is very tall. My father is also very tall. I eat lots of vegetables every day. I like eating fruit, but I don't like eating meat. I sleep for eight hours a day. I want to be tall. I am taking medicine. I think that medicine can make me grow   tall. My head teacher tells me that you are a great Chinese doctor. Can I grow tall? Do I need to take the medicine?
Yours,
Jack
Dear Jack,
I think that you can grow tall, because your father and brother are both very tall. You are still growing. As for the medicine, you should stop taking it. It is not good for your health. You should eat more meat. I am happy that you like eating vegetables and fruit. A balanced diet is very important for your health --and it can make you grow tall.
Yours,
Mr Han
,.
The question is: From the passage we can learn that   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:Jack's father is short
B:Jack doesn't like eating fruit
C:Jack's brother is a student
D:Jack is taking medicineThe air here is fresh. There are not many tall buildings in our town. The best building is in our school. There are four hundred students and twenty-five teachers in our school. In the front of the school, there is a playground. I often play basketball with my classmates on it. There is a little garden behind our school. And we can grow beautiful flowers and plant trees in the garden. Next the garden, there is an orange orchard . You can hear birds singing everywhere. There is a river not far from our school. In summer, we usually go swimming in it.
The question is: People can hear   _   singing here and there.
The possible answers are:
A:students
B:birds
C:cows
D:teachersIt is easy for us to tell who our family members are, but do plants recognize  their own family? Some do, scientists say, according to a report by Science News in early 2010.
Guillermo P. Murphy and Susan Dudley are two plant scientists from McMaster University in Hamilton, Canada. They did a few experiments with Jewelweeds, a kind of flower that grows in wet, shady spots. They found that the flowers seem to know their own flower family. In their experiments, Murphy and Dudley planted jewelweeds in pots with either _ or strangers.
When jewelweeds were planted in pots with strangers, the plants started to grow more leaves than if they had been planted alone. This response suggests that plants are competing with strangers for sunlight, since a plant with more leaves can receive more light and make more food. Jewelweeds usually grow in the shade, where sunlight is not enough.
When jewelweed seedlings were planted with siblings, they grew a few more branches than they usually would if they were alone - but they did not start growing lots of extra leaves. This behavior suggests the plants are more likely to share resources, rather than compete.
According to the Science News report, Jewelweeds are not the first plants that plant scientists have studied for family recognition. In 2007, Dudley and her team studied the Great Lakes sea rocket, a plant that grows on the beach - where it may be hard to get fresh water. In that experiment, the scientists found that when sea rockets were planted with siblings, they tolerated each other. But when they were planted with strangers, the sea rockets reacted by working extra hard to grow lots of roots.
Dudley says this just because sea rockets, on the beach, get plenty of sun but struggle for water - so when they're threatened, they compete for water. Jewelweeds have plenty of water but have to compete for sunshine, so they grow more leaves.
The question is: What can be the best title for the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:New Discoveries about Plants
B:How Plants Compete with Each Other
C:Family Recognition among Plants
D:Jewelweeds and the Great Lakes Sea RocketsJack is a twenty-year-old young man. Two years ago, when he finished middle school, he found work in a shop. Usually he works until ten o'clock in the evening. He is very tired when he gets home. After a quick supper he goes to bed and soon falls asleep. His grandma who lives downstairs is satisfied with   him.
One day, on his way home, he met Mary. They were both happy. He asked the girl to his house, she agreed happily. He bought some fruit and drinks for her. And they talked about their school, teachers, classmates and their future  . They talked for a long time.
"Have a look at your watch, please," said the girl. "What time is it now?"
"Sorry, something is wrong with my watch," said Jack. "Where's yours?"
"I left it at home."
Jack thought for a moment and found a way. He began to stamp his foot on the floor, "Bang! Bang! Bang!"
The sound woke his grandma up. The old woman shouted downstairs, "It's twelve o'clock in the night, Jack. Why are you still jumping upstairs?"
,.
The question is: From the story, we can know that Mary is Jack's  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:classmate
B:colleague
C:aunt
D:wifeOne day , an old man was selling a big elephant . A young man came up to the elephant and began to look at it slowly . The old man went up to him and said in his ear ."Don't say anything about the elephant before I sell it . Then I will give you some meat . ""All right ."said the young man . After the old man sold the elephant , he gave the young man some meat and said :"Now, can you tell me how you see the bad ears of the elephant ?""I didn't find the bad ears ."said the young man ."Then why do you look at it slowly ?"asked the old man . The young man said :"I never see an elephant before, and I want to know what it looks like. "
The question is: _   the elephant.
The possible answers are:
A:The young man bought
B:The old man sold
C:The two men sold
D:The young man soldLeopards   live in many parts of the world, from Siberia to Africa. They have a very beautiful yellow skin with large black spots. They live for about 15 years and eat small mammals   such as zebras, monkeys, and antelopes   .They sleep for about 12 hours a day . Leopards are very solitary animals. They spend most of their time alone in trees, where they wait until a small animal passes. They jump on the animal and then drag it up into the tree, where they eat it.
Like many animals, leopards are disappearing because people hunt them. They kill them for their beautiful coats. The Sinai leopard, for example, from Egypt, is now probably extinct .
The question is: Which is not true ?
The possible answers are:
A:Leopards have beautiful fur
B:Leopards eat animals and plants
C:Leopards sleep 12 hours a day
D:The Sinai leopard probably extinctMy teenage son Karl became withdrawn after his father died. As a single parent, I tried to do my best to talk to him. But the more I tried , the more he pulled away. When his report card arrived during his junior year, it said that he had been absent 95 times from classes. In this way he would never graduate. I sent him to the school adviser, and I even begged him. Nothing worked.
* One night I was at work when I got a phone call. A man introduced himself as a head teacher. " I want to talk to you about Karl's absences ." Before he could say another word I choked up . And said sadly, " I love my son. I've tried everything to get Karl to go back to school and nothing has worked. It's out of my hands." For a moment there was silence on the other end of the line. The head teacher seriously said, " Thank you for your time."
* Karl's next report card showed a marked improvement in his grades. He was even on the list of the best students at school. In his fourth year, I took part in a parent-teacher meeting.I noticed that his teachers were surprised at the way he had turened himself around. On our way home, he said, " Mum, remember that call from the head teacher last year?" I nodded. "That was me. I thought I'd play a joke but I heard what you said, It really hit me how much I was hurting you.That's when I knew I had to make you proud."
, . (5)
The question is: When the mother said " it's out of my hands" to the head teacher, she meant that she   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:didn't know what to do about her son
B:would drive her son away from the house
C:had no money to support the family
D:would have to hang upThe most common disease in the world is the cold. It often starts with a sore throat . You sneeze and your nose runs. You usually have a headache, too. Often you have a cough later. It's not a serious disease, but you can feel quite bad.
There isn't a cure   for a cold, but you can take some medicine to make you feel better. For example, you can take aspirin   to get rid of   your headache. It is good to rest. and to drink a lot of water, too. A doctor once told me."With the right medicine. a cold will last for seven days. With no medicine, it will go on for a whole week!"
A long time ago, people understood that some plants made them feel better. For example, the juice of lemons   makes a sore throat feel better. In modern times, scientists have found out which chemicals   are in them. Man, of our medicines today are made from those chemicals. There are some diseases that we can't cure yet. And nobody has found a cure for old age. But because of modern medicines, the average people now live longer than their grandparents.
The question is: What is the real meaning of the doctor's words?
The possible answers are:
A:There is almost no medicine that can cure the cold.
B:There is some medicine that can cure the cold.
C:You will feel well after a whole week when you take some medicine.
D:The cold is a serious disease.People usually think it is very easy to cook instant noodles . They usually put the noodles into the boiling water and add in the MSG, together with the other things like eggs or vegetables. However, have you ever wondered if this is the correct way of cooking them?
Do you know what is on the surface of the noodles? People use something like wax to cover the noodles when they make them, so that the noodles can join together nicely before they are put into the _ . Many people enjoy eating them without thinking of this. But a report said the wax covered on the noodles was very bad for our bodies. They said it needed about 2-3days to clear away the wax in our bodies after we ate it. So it is dangerous to have too much wax stayed in our stomachs. But it is not difficult to wash away the wax. Before you cook the noodles, wash them with hot water and then pour away the water. Do it like this twice, and you can wash the wax away. Then and you can cook the noodles as usual.
The question is: According to the report,  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:it is dangerous to eat only a little wax .
B:the wax is bad for our bodies .
C:it is difficult to wash away the wax .
D:we can eat the noodles every two or three days.Many years ago, there was an old man who had four sons. He wanted his sons to learn not to judge  things too quickly. So he told them to go and look at a pear tree. It was far away from his home. The first son went in winter, the second in spring, the third in summer, and the youngest son in autumn.
When the sons came back, the old man asked them to say what they had seen. The first son complained the tree was ugly. The second son said the tree was covered with buds  and full of hope. The third son said the tree was full of green leaves. They looked so beautiful, and it was the most wonderful thing he had ever seen. The youngest son said that the tree was bowed  down with heavy fruits. It was full of life and fulfillment .
The man explained that all of his sons were right, but each of them had seen just one season of the tree. He told them that they couldn't judge a tree or a person by only one season. "If you give up when it's winter, you will miss the hope of your spring, the beauty of your summer, and the fulfillment of your autumn." said the old man.
It is true that we shouldn't let the hard season break the happiness of the other seasons. Never give up during the difficult days and better times are sure to come some day.
The question is: What do you think of the old man?
The possible answers are:
A:Selfish.
B:Silly.
C:Fair.
D:Wise.When I was walking down the street one day, I found a small bag on the ground. I picked it up and opened it to see if I could find out the owner's name.There was nothing inside it except some dollars and an old photo--- a picture of a woman and a young girl about twelve years old. I put the photo back and took the bag to the police station.Before I left, the policeman wrote down my name and address.He thought the owner might want to thank me.
That evening I went to have dinner with my aunt and uncle.They had also asked a young woman to have dinner with us.Her face was familiar, but I couldn't remember where I had seen her.During our talk, the young woman happened to say that she had lost her bag that afternoon.At once I remembered where I had seen her.She was the young girl in the photo, though she was now much older.She was very surprised, of course, when I told her about the bag.
After dinner we went to the police station and she got back her bag.The policeman said to me, "It's a wonderful thing.You not only found the bag, but also the owner of the bag."
The question is: The writer opened the bag because he wanted to  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:find some money
B:find some letters
C:find the owne r's photo
D:find out whose bag it wasCan you imagine that someone could cure all the diseases in the world? It seems like an impossible job, But Priscilla Chan wants to make it come true.
Chan, 31, is from the United States. Many people may know her as a wife of Mark Zuckerberg , the founder of Facebook. But Chan herself has done a lot to help people.
Chan and Zuckerberg said in September that they would give out $3 billion , that's about Y=20 billion in the next 10 years to help deal with all of the world's diseases. As a doctor for children, Chan was a big driver in this decision. "By investing  in science today, we hope to build a future in which all of our children can live long and meaningful lives," she said.
She cares about not only children's health but also their education. Before becoming a doctor, Chan taught science to the 4th and 5th graders at a school in California for a year. That year she started a project called The Primary School. It provides education for children from kindergarten to the 12th grade.
Chan herself knows how important education is to a child. She has a Chinese father and a Vietnamese mother. Her parents didn't come to the US with much. But they worked hard to make sure Chan and their other two daughters had the best opportunities  possible. Chan went to Harvard University in 2003 and now works as a doctor.
"I realized that I was so lucky to be what I was," said Chan. "It drives me to make sure others, no matter what background they have, can have their opportunities, to reach their dreams and their full potential ."
The question is: What's the best title of the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:Chan's dream
B:Chan's family
C:Chan's work
D:Chan's qualityTom was nine years old and he went to a school near his house. He went there on foot and came back home usually at 4 o'clock. But last Monday he was very late. His mother asked, "Why are you so late today, Tom?" "Because my teacher asked me to stay behind  " Tom answered. "Why did the teacher make you stay behind?" the mother asked again. "Because no one could answer the teacher's question except  me," Tom said. "What was the question?" his mother asked. "The question was 'Who broke   the window of the classroom?'" Tom said.
The question is: ---Why did Tom stay behind after school? ---Because  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:he did something wrong
B:he did something right
C:he liked to stay there longer
D:his mother asked the teacher to do soEvery year there is the Spring Festival in China. Usually it is in January or February . It is the most important festival in China. So before it comes, everyone has to prepare things. They buy pork, beef, chicken, fruit and many other things. And they often make a special  kind of food called "dumplings". It means "come together" in Chinese. On the day before the festival, parents buy new clothes for their children and children also buy presents for their parents. On Spring Festival's Eve, all the family members come back to their home. This is a happy moment. They sing, dance and play cards. Others get the dinner ready. When they enjoy the meal, they give each other the best wishes for the coming year. They all have a good time.
The question is: When they are having dinner on Spring Festival's Eve, the Chinese    .
The possible answers are:
A:eat Candy
B:eat moon cakes
C:never drink
D:give each other the best wishesIn the UK. Saturday evenings have always been a popular time for families to watch television together. One of the most popular programme _ is the talent show, partly because people of all ages are interested in it.
Early shows, like Opportunity Knocks (1965-1978), required people to vote  for their favorite acts and performers, although in those days voting was done by postcard instead of by telephone, text, or over the Internet. Today, the success of television talent shows has reached a new level. Here are Ihe UK's top three TV talent shows:
The X Factor In this wonderful singing competition, performers have to face a celebrity judge panel  before the public vote. Many excellent singers became popular because of it. The show is now made all over the world, from China to Colombia.
Strictly Come Dancing--The programme is so fantastic that it attracts many celebrities. They team up with professional  dancers and come to the dance floor to win the title of Strictly Come Dancing Champion.
Britain's Got Talent -- In this modern-day version  of Opportunity Knocks, the public can go and choose from many kinds of acts, from dancing dogs to ice skating. The prize is to perform for the Queen in the Royal Variety of Performance.
The question is: If a person loves a skating act, he or she may go to  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:Opportunity Knocks
B:Strictly Come Dancing
C:The X Factor
D:Britain's Got TalentMr. King works in a shop and drives a car for the manager. He drives carefully and can keep calm in time of danger. And he escaped from several accidents. The manager pays him more and the traffic policemen often speak highly of him.
Mr. Baker, one of his friends, works in a factory outside the city. It is far from his house and he has to go to work by bus. As the traffic is crowded in the morning, sometimes he is late for the work. His manager warns the young man will be sent away unless he gets to his office on time. He hopes to buy a car, but he hasn't enough money. He decides to buy an old one. He went to the flea market and at last he chose a beautiful but cheap car. He said he wanted to have a trial drive, the seller agreed. He called Mr. King and asked him to help him.
Mr. King examined the car at first and then drove it away. It was five in the morning and there were few cars in the street. At first he drove slowly and it worked well. Then he drove fast. And when he reached a crossing, the light turned red. He tried to stop it, but he failed and nearly hit an old woman who was crossing the street. A policeman told him to stop, but the car went on until it hit a big tree by the road.
"Didn't you hear me?" the police man asked angrily.
"Yes, I did, sir," said Mr. King, "Since it doesn't listen to me, can it obey you?"
The question is: According to the story, which of the following sentences is true?
The possible answers are:
A:Mr. King will be sent away if he keeps being late.
B:Mr. Baker can't afford to buy an old car.
C:Mr. King didn't hear the policeman.
D:Something was wrong with the car.I am a middle school student. My name is WeiFang. I'm thirteen now. I study at No.52 Middle School. I am in Class 3, Grade 1. There are twenty boys and twenty-three girls in my class. We have four lessons in the morning and two in the afternoon. We like English very much.
The question is: WeiFang is   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:eleven
B:twelve
C:thirteen
D:fourteenDo you feel you have enough time to do all the things you have to do or want to do? How do you think you could plan your day better? A daily schedule   will help you plan every part of it. If you learn to manage   your time, you will probably feel less worried. Here is how to do it. 1. Take out a piece of paper and a ruler. Draw a form of your waking hours, using one square   for each half an hour. If you're awake for 16 hours each day, you will need 32 squares: 8 across, 4 down.2. Sit down and examine your day. Make a list of all the things you need to do. Think about when you should do them. 3. Fill out your schedule. 4. Remember to give yourself breaks. If doing all of your homework at one time is too much, schedule a little bit of free time in the middle of it. 5. If you have an important thing to do but it's not on your schedule, _ other activities around it. 6. Think about using different colored pens for your different activities. In this way, you'll clearly know how your day is planned out.
The question is: The passage is mainly about how to   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:make a daily schedule
B:get good study habits
C:make a form
D:live happilySam,
Thank you for asking me to play soccer with you. But I'm afraid I can't. I have a piano lesson on Tuesday. Maybe another time.
Nancy
Sandy,
Thank you very much for inviting me to your birthday party on Friday. I'd love to come, but I have to go to New York that day. It's very kind of you. I hope you have a happy birthday party.
Nancy
Lucy,
Thanks for your invitation. I'd love to go to your house for dinner on Thursday. But I have to get my things ready for travelling. How about coming to my house with Lily? My mother cooks fish very well. I think you'll like it. I hope to see you before I'm leaving.
Nancy
Rose,
Would you like to come to my house for dinner tonight? Many of our good friends will come.
Nancy
The question is: How many invitations does Nancy get?
The possible answers are:
A:Two
B:Three
C:Four
D:FiveI shook hands with my father in the truck, and for a long time he looked straight ahead and didn't say a word.But I knew he was going to say a little to me."I can't tell anything."  he finally said."I never went to college, and none of your brothers went to college.I can't say don't do this and do that, because everything is different and I don't know what is going to come up.I can't help much with money either, but I think things will work out."
He gave me a new check-book ."If things get pushing, write a small check.But when you write one, send me a letter and let me know how much.There are some things we can always sell." In four years all the checks I wrote were less than a thousand dollars.My part-time jobs such as reading to the blind student and sitting with the teachers' kids filled in the _ .
"You know what you want to be, and they'll tell you what to take," my father went on."When you get a job, be sure it's honest, and work hard." I knew that soon I would be alone in the big town, and I would be missing the cool winds and a life where your thinking was done for you.
Then my dad reached down beside his seat and brought the old, broken Bible that he had read so often, the one he used when he wanted to look something up in a friendly quarrel with one of the neighbours.I knew he would miss it.I knew, though, that I must take it.
He didn't say read this every morning.He just said," This can help you if you will let it."
Did it help? I got through college without being a burden  on the family.I have been able to make money since.
The question is: What is the writer's main purpose in writing this passage?
The possible answers are:
A:To tell the readers his life story.
B:To tell people what kind of person his father was.
C:To let people know how poor he was.
D:To tell the readers what present he got from his father.My five brothers, my sister and I lived in Toronto with our parents. My father worked in a factory, and my mother stayed at home. Each year my father would dress up as Santa Claus and go through the streets sharing joy and candies with the children there. He loved it as much as they did!
But around Christmas in 1970, my father was out of work. In fact, there was no money for Christmas and my parents weren't sure how they'd provide for us.
That Christmas Eve, however, as usual, my father left the house dressed as Santa Claus. He knew that even though our Christmas would be hard, he could not make the other kids in the neighborhood disappointed.
As my father left the house and went downstairs, another Santa Claus was walking up, with a great bag of gifts for us! He said nothing, only smiled a sweet smile at my father, and wished him a merry Christmas. The _ man handed the bag and walked away down the block.
We never knew who showed us great kindness on the snowy Christmas night. We do know, however, that without him we would have had nothing under the tree. His kindness gave my parents hope and showed us in a very real way the true meaning of Christmas.
Our family has never forgotten this kind stranger and his generosity . Each year we tell the story of the mysterious  Santa Claus and try to repay his gifts by giving help to others in need.
The question is: According to the passage, the writer's father is   _  on Christmas.
The possible answers are:
A:brave
B:lonely
C:serious
D:generousEighth-grader Victoria Bills is talking about money with her classmates. She is worried that a company's stock   price could fall. It may be an unusual topic of conversation for a 13-year-old. But at Bills' school in Chicago, US, you hear it all the time.
The Chicago school's 420 students learn about economic . They also get a chance to make money. Each 1stgrade and 5thgrade, students learn the basics of economics and investing .
Then in 6thgrade, they put what they've learned to work. Students join a junior group that manages the $20,000. The group, made up of 12 to 14 students, decides which stocks to buy.
After graduating, students pass on $20,000 to the next 1stgrade class. They keep half of the rest of the money; the other half goes toward improving the school. They can choose to put their money in a college-savings program or take the cash.
In 2007, Bills suggested that her class buy the stock of the Apple computer company. This was just before the iPhone came out. "We bought stock just at the right time," she says. The kids bought Google stock as it reached $400 a share. It is now worth over $500. "It was a good buy," says Myles Gate, 13. He hopes to be a banker one day.
The school's two graduating classes of 2005 and 2006 have each earned about $10,000 in profits .
The question is: What's the passage mainly about?
The possible answers are:
A:How students make money in the US.
B:Students learn economics and investing at school.
C:Myles Gage hopes to be a banker one day.
D:What US students hope to do after graduation.Traveling is very interesting. Many people love traveling. There are many ways to travel: by plane, by train, by ship or by car. Everyone has their favorite way.
Greg:My favorite way of traveling is by car. I can bring my pet dog along. I can travel three hundred miles or only fifty miles a day. I can stop at a good restaurant to enjoy a good meal or at a hotel to spend the night.
Eliza:I love traveling by train best! It's very exciting. I traveled most of Europe in 5 months by train. It's the best way to talk with the local   people and make new friends on the way. Trains make even the longest trip enjoyable. The train ride to me is just like a big moving party.
I also like traveling by ship. It is a very great way to spend a vacation. I can go to parties and movies on the ship, and enjoy the blue sky and water.
Danny:Planes are my favorite. It's the fastest way of traveling. I can quickly get to another country. Planes have very comfortable seats. I can have something to drink and to eat. I can also read some free magazines and newspapers.
.
The question is: Which is TRUE?
The possible answers are:
A:Greg hopes to bring his pet dog along when traveling.
B:Eliza thinks the car ride is just like a moving party.
C:Eliza traveled most of Europe by ship.
D:Danny often sleeps when traveling.Lidong came on November 8 this year. It is the Chinese word for one of the 24 solar terms  . It means the beginning of winter.
As the weather gets colder and there is less sunlight, people are more likely to get sick. Adults in the US usually have two to four colds each year. Young children suffer from six to eight colds per year, especially in winter months, according to the American Lung Association. One of the best ways to keep healthy during winter is to stay warm.
There are many ways to stay warm. A living room should be around 18-21 C, and you can also use a hot water bottle or at least 16 C. blanket to keep warm while in bed. Getting plenty of exercise is always a good idea. Take a walk on a sunny afternoon, do a long distance run or skip rope. These things keep your blood moving and your metabolism   fired up. Food gives us energy and helps to warm us from the inside. High-protein   foods, like fish and meat, provide a lot of energy. Add some things to your winter dishes, such as ginger, pepper and garlic. These things can make you warm. A winter coat warms you up from the outside. Add several layers of thin clothing, for example, a shirt and a thin sweater, to stay even warmer. Clothes made from wool are usually very warm.
How to make winter days colorful? Is it too cold to play outside? Don't worry. Here are some tips for having fun at home. Give it a try!
# Enjoy a movie with your parents. There are a lot of choices, such as Spy Kids. You can also talk about the movie with your parents after it's over.
# Cook a meal with your parents. You can cook some simple dishes, such as scrambled eggs with tomato. You may need your mother's help for the first time.
# Clean your bedroom. You need to sweep the floor, tidy your desk and make your bed. By doing this, you really help your mother a lot.
# Read your favorite book. Reading is not only helpful for your writing ability, but can also help to build your character.
The question is: According to the passage, we can   _   to have fun at home in winter days.
The possible answers are:
A:wear some warm clothes
B:get a lot of indoor exercise
C:add some things to the food
D:cook some dishes with parentsOne day, a farmer was walking along a road with his son Thomas. The father said. "Look! There's a horseshoe. Pick it up and put it in your bag." Thomas said, "It isn't worth the trouble." His father said nothing but picked it up himself. When they got to a nearby town, they had a rest. There the farmer sold the horseshoe and with the pennies he bought some grapes.
It was very hot, and there wasn't a house or a tree where they could have a rest. Thomas felt too thirsty to walk on. At this time. his father dropped a grape on the ground and Thomas picked it up quickly and ate it. After a while. his father dropped another grape and once again. his son picked it up and put it in his mouth.
And so they went on. The old farmer dropped the grapes and the son picked them up. When Thomas had eaten up all the grapes, his father said to him. "My dear son, if you had bent down early to pick up that horseshoe. It would not have been necessary for you to bend so many times for the grapes, always remember the lesson :  A person who does not worry about the little things will find that he can not do the great things."
The question is: Thomas picked up the grapes and ate them because  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:his father wanted him to eat them
B:he liked them
C:he was thirsty
D:he wanted to sell themHello Sandy,
We have just returned form our holiday. We went with our friends,Edward Smith and his wife Tina, to the Yorkshire Moors. It is a beautiful natural park. There are lots of places to walk on the tops of the hills,miles of grassland with no people,just sheep and birds.
Edward had just come out of hospital and he could not walk as far as before. However, this meant that we walked in the mornings, and then stopped at a restaurant for lunch each day before returning to the place we lived in. Edward and I slept in front of the fire all afternoon, while the ladies went for another walk. Very pleasant!
I took lots of photos from the place we lived in, across the valley  below us, of the morning sunrise, and the mist in the valley. Also, in England, the old steam-powered trains are very popular. I took many photos of the train.
Yesterday we had the first snow of this winter. It is very early. We usually have snow in January. It rained all day, then snowed in the evening .Today we have bright sunshine! Both Jenny and I are well. I don't know if I told you, in the last e-mail , that Jenny is now working in a hotel. Although she has to work hard, people there are nice, and she is enjoying the work.
Please write to us to tell us your news.
Yours,                                                                  Victor
The question is: Why couldn't Edward walk very far?
The possible answers are:
A:Because he didn't like walking.
B:Because he was in hospital.
C:Because he was weak then.
D:Because his wife didn't go.Summer holiday is coming , what do you like to do ?here are four students telling us what they will do in the coming summer holiday.
Mai hajui  Baihetiya, 14 .
I am from Xinjiang . I am studying at Tianjin No.2 Middle School now. I will go on a trip to Beijing . I am going to the Great Wall , the Summer Palace and the Palace Museum . I will go to Wangfujing Street to buy a sweater for my mother, a scarf for my father and a T- shirt for my brother.
Wu Jun, 13.
I come from Shanghai . My favourite season is summer . I like going swimming with my friends in the swimming pool. It is very exciting .
Mike ,13 .
I am studying at Nanjing No. 5 Middle School . I miss my parents very much . I will go back to America to see my family . Summer is a good season to go out . I will have a picnic with my friends in the countryside . I can also play football and baseball with my friends . How happy we will be .
Liu Shuyi, 14,
I am from Shanghai . I like summer best because I can eat ice cream and wear a dress. I am not good at English . I will join an English club to learn English .
The question is: Which is NOT TRUE according to the passage ?
The possible answers are:
A:Mike is from America.
B:Liu Shuyi speaks English very well.
C:Mai hajui Baihetiya lives in Tianjing now
D:Wu jun and Mike are of the same age.Hi! My name's Frank. Look! This is my schoolbag. It's black and red. My pens, my ruler and my books are in it. I have 2 pens, they are blue. My ruler is yellow and white. My books are purple and brown. Look! What's this? It's a map. It's red, yellow and green. I like them very much.
The question is: The ruler is   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:yellow and white
B:purple and brown
C:black and red
D:red and yellowEvery day, life is made and lost. Every day, life goes on. Every day we experience some of the most important parts of life and may not even realize it: love, generosity, and perseverance. These values aren't just important to us, they make the world what it is.
Scientists say that the gravity makes the world turn, but some people say that love makes _ go around. Love can be found anywhere: in families, friends, even strangers. Even if you can't see it, you know it's there.
Love may connect people all over the world, but what would the world be without generosity? Whether after a national disaster or a school fund raiser, one thing is certain--- it is better to give than to receive. Generosity is found everywhere and whether it's a large or small act, it makes a difference. Most of all, generosity is not something you need any qualifications for, and no matter what you do, it can make a difference. Sometimes, though, it takes effort to be generous, which leads us to perseverance.
Founding a country, riding a bike, or finishing a novel, these are all finished with perseverance. Perseverance is the one thing that can help us achieve whatever we want. It is what helps scientists discover cures for illnesses, and athletes become winners. You may fail, but every time you make a mistake, that's one less to make the next time.
There is an infinite  number of things we value. But without love, generosity, and perseverance, we just don't think that our lives or the world would be the way it is.
The question is: Which of the following statement is TRUE?
The possible answers are:
A:Perseverance is the only thing to help us achieve success.
B:People don't understand life they experience at all.
C:Helping others is always better than receiving help.
D:What the world is like depends on the gravity and love.A science fiction flying car looks like a normal car, but it is an aircraft   that anybody can fly directly from any place to another without using roads or runways. Science fiction writers have written about flying cars for a long time. But now flying cars will soon fly out of the world of science fiction into our real world. And the dream of the science fiction writers will soon come true.
The first-known sky car is the FSC-1. The FSC-1 looks like an expensive sports car. You can drive the FSC-1 on the road like a normal car. If you touch a button, its wings and propeller   fold out and then it can take off, fly and land as an airplane. The owners of the FSC-1 can choose if they want to drive or fly.
Another flying car or sky car is the Moller Skycar M400. Although you can't drive it on the roads, it is small and easy to fly and can take off and land like a helicopter  . Urban Aeronautics' X-Hawk is another type of sky car. It is expected to be available for about $3 million.
Just like any new technology, flying cars have taken a long time to be developed. But some experts think the technology is far from what people imagine when they are sitting in traffic. It still needs to be improved.
The question is: The Moller Skycar is different from the FSC-1 because   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:it can't fly
B:it can't be driven like a car
C:it is difficult to land
D:it is much more expensiveIT'S a scene in many homes around the world: tired-eyed teens wake to the sound of their alarm clock. Another school day begins, and we all wish we could have just one extra hour of sleep.
For lucky high school students in England, they're now going to reset their alarm and get an extra hour of sleep. Instead of starting school at 9 am, students will begin the academic day at 10 am.
This is part of a huge study by Oxford University. The experiment will see whether later classes can improve exam results.
More than 100 schools across England will join the four-year experiment, which includes tens of thousands of students. It is based on(...) scientific evidence(; )that teenagers are out of step with traditional school hours.
"We know that something funny happens when you're a teenager," lead sleep researcher Colin Epsie told The Telegraph. "Your parents think it's because you're lazy and everything would be OK if you could get to sleep earlier. But science is telling us that teenagers need to sleep more in the mornings."
A similar experiment in 2009 saw an improvement of 19 percent in exam scores for major subjects - such as math and science.
Teenagers' sleep cycles, on average, begin two hours after adults. Neuroscientists   say teens have a built-in clock, which makes them more likely to go to sleep around midnight. As well as not feeling fully awake until between 9 am and 10 am. This body clock stays until the age of 19 for females and 21 for males.
Schools are places for learning, as well as education laboratories - finding out the best ways to learn and increase knowledge. Yet we'll have to wait until 2018 to find out these exciting results!
The question is: The article is focused on the topic that   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:teenagers need more sleep than adults
B:students might need more hours' sleep in the morning
C:boys need more sleep in the morning than girls
D:it is important to do more experiments on educationSome boys like wearing the same kinds of clothes as girls, and some of them have long hair. So sometimes it's hard to tell whether  they are boys or girls.
Today is Sunday. I have a walk with my grandmother in the park. My grandmother is 80 years old and she can't see well. After some time, my grandmother is tired , so she sits down on a chair. There is another person sitting on the chair, too.
"Hello," my grandmother says to the person with long hair next to her. "Can you see the girl with long hair under the big tree?""The girl?" says the person, "No, he's my brother Mike."
"Oh, sorry. I don't know you are his sister." Says my grandmother.
"No, I'm not his sister, I'm his brother!"
The question is: Why does the writer's grandmother think the person next to her is a girl?
The possible answers are:
A:Because he has long hair.
B:Because he walks like a girl.
C:Because he speaks like a girl.
D:Because he wears girls' clothesYe Xiaogang is known as one of the most famous modern Chinese composers.
He learned to play the piano at the age of four.His father was a composer who wrote a lot of music for films.But when his father was sent to a farm to work.Ye was only 11 at that time.
Ye had to work on another farm for a year before entering a factory.He worked in the factory for six years until he was 22.
The workers in the factory were friendly and helped him a lot,but he could not play the piano any more.No matter how hard he worked on the farm or in the factory,he never left music.He just waited for chances.He dreamed of becoming a pianist.
When Ye could play the piano again.he practiced hard every day in order to go to the Central Conservatory of Music in 1978.but the school would not recruit piano students that year.In the end.Ye chose composition as his major .although he was not familiar with it.
In 1980.he studied at Cambridge University.Then he went to a famous school of music in the US in 1987 to take more courses.
As a famous composer in China.Ye worked for many organizations.
He wrote many symphonies .He also wrote film and TV music.which traditional composers hardly ever worked on.
The question is: The writer mainly tells us   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:how to learn the piano
B:how to realize our dreams
C:the history of a famous music school
D:the experiences of a famous musicianEarthquakes may happen anywhere on the earth. When some plates  of the earth move suddenly, an earthquake happens. Many earthquakes begin under the sea. They often happen near the mountains  , too.
During an earthquake, the shakings make rocks rise suddenly and even crack  open. Houses fall, people are killed or hurt, and sometimes the whole villages or cities are destroyed .
Can we do something to keep ourselves safe from earthquakes? Scientists have studied earthquakes and made maps that show the "earthquake belts". In areas in these belts, it's possible for earthquakes to happen. In these areas we should build strong houses to fight against   earthquakes.
In the future, scientists will be able to tell when and where an earthquake will be before they happen. They can also tell people what to do and how to do it.
The question is: In the future, we'll be no longer so afraid of earthquakes   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:with the help of scientists' exact prediction
B:because of a map showing the "earthquake belts"
C:because we can guess the date and place of earthquakes
D:because no earthquakes will happen around usJim is an American. He is now living  in China. He gets up at about half past six and has breakfast at seven o'clock. After breakfast,he says goodbye to his parents and leaves home at half past seven. He usually goes to school on foot. He gets there at five minutes to eight. He has his first class at eight.
Morning classes are over at ten past twelve and he has lunch five minutes later,at about a quarter past twelve. After lunch he plays with his friends.
Afternoon classes begin at half past one. Usually there are two lessons in the afternoon. They finish at half past three. Usually he plays games or other things at school,and he gets home at about a quarter past five. He has supper at six and then does his homework and then watches TV. He goes to bed at about half past ten.
The question is: Jim is   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:an English teacher
B:a doctor
C:a cleaner
D:a studentA new camera made by a company named Netatmo has facial recognition software   that can tell parents at work that their children have returned from school, or that a package has been taken to their home. It can also tell them if a stranger has entered their home.
Janina Mattausch is a product marketing manager for Netatmo.
"The common security   cameras at present are not that smart. So, they can tell you if something is moving but they don't necessarily know if it's a human being or, ah, if it's your kids --they don't know the difference, so they will warn you all the time. "
When family members enter a home,  the new camera "recognizes" ( )  them and sends information to the owner's smartphone. The owner can choose to see the video then or latcr.  But if an unknown person enters a home, the camera will send the owner a warning that will cause an alarm to sound on the owner's smartphone.
That is what happened recently to a smart home camera owncr named Darrmen. He lives in Paris.
"On a Friday I was at work,atending a big monthly meeting when my phone warned. At first I told myself 'Oh, it must be a mistake, maybe I have to set the systcm again. ' -but the notice on my phone was telling me that there was a movement in my flat and also a face that the software did not recognize. "
He watched the video and was very surprised by what he saw.
"I saw a person I did not know with his shoes on. I was watching it live on vidco. So I felt totaly unbelievable, frozen. I asked a workmate to take me back home as fast as possible and I callcd the police on the way. "
With the help of the video,  the police found the intruder   later that day.
The question is: We can learn from the passage that Damien   _   .
The possible answers are:
A:found the warning was a mistake
B:was too busy to notice the warning
C:felt shocked to see a stranger in his flat
D:caught the intruder by himself that dayOnce a great boxer ,Tom Black, went to a restaurant for supper. He took off his coat and left it at the door, but he was afraid that somebody would take it away. So he took out a piece of paper and wrote on it,"The great boxer, Tom Black, has left his coat here.He'll be back in a few minutes."He put the paper on his coat and went to have his dinner. When he returned, however, his coat was not there. He just found a piece of paper in its place. It said,"A great runner has taken away you coat, and he will never come back again."
,A, B, C, D(10)
The question is: He wrote his name on the paper and put it on the coat because he   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:wanted all the people to know his name
B:wanted to be famous
C:was afraid other people would take his coat away
D:wanted to show he was a great boxerThe Chinese New Year is the most important holiday for the Chinese people. For the Chinese,the New Year comes with the first day of the First Moon,between January 21 and February 19. People get ready for the holiday for fifteen days.
Finally,at midnight it is the first day of the First Moon. People close the shops and the streets are empty. Everyone locks  the doors and stays at home.
It is an important time for the family. The younger people bow  to the older people. The Chinese call this Ke Tou. This means "to touch the ground with the forehead ".Then the younger people wish the older people a happy New Year. The older people give children gifts of money inside envelopes . The family then go to sleep.
In the morning,people dress in  their best clothes. Some people stay at home,others go out to pay a New Year Call. They are very polite and do not use bad words. It's the most important day of the year.
The question is: What's the meaning of Ke Tou?
The possible answers are:
A:to touch the ground with the forehead .
B:to touch the ground with the head .
C:to feel the ground.
D:to feel the head.One day a dentist was starting his morning work. Suddenly a man ran in. His face was red and he could only say "Quick! Quick!" The dentist thought he must be very ill. His assistant helped to make the poor man sit in a chair. The dentist gave the man some medicine to make him sleep. Then, he looked into the man's mouth and pulled out all the bad teeth. As soon as the man woke up, he said in a low voice, "Quick, doctor, quick."
"It's all right now," the dentist told him, "It's over."
"You don't understand," said the man, "I came to tell you your house is on fire."
The question is: The story took place    _   .
The possible answers are:
A:in the morning
B:in the afternoon
C:in the evening
D:at nightIf you are sitting at a table with people you don't know, it is impolite to smoke without first asking if it will disturb them. At American restaurants and coffee shops, cold water is usually served before you order. You may find the bread and the butter are free, and if you order coffee, you may get a free refill.
Most cities and towns have no rules about opening and closing time for stores and restaurants, though they usually do make rules for bars. Especially in big cities, stores may be open 24 hours a day. Serving in restaurants are often large. If you can't finish the meal but would like to enjoy the food later, ask the waiter or the waitress for a "doggie bag" . It may have a picture of a dog on it, but everybody knows you are taking the food for yourself. Tips are not usually added to check. You should leave a tip of about 15% on the table when you leave. In some restaurants, a waiter or waitress often brings your check on a plate, and you can put your money there. Then the waiter or the waitress brings you your changes.
The question is: _  is usually served before you order at American restaurants or coffee shops.
The possible answers are:
A:bread
B:Butter
C:Coffee
D:Cold waterMr.Brown is 80 years old. Every morning he goes for a walk in the park. And he comes home at twelve thirty for lunch.But today a car stops at his house. At twelve, two policemen  help him get out.One of them says to Mr.Brown's daughter, "The old man can't find his way in the park. He asks us to take him home by car." The daughter thanks the policemen and leave. Then she asks her father,"Dad, you go to that park every day. But today, you can't find the way. What's wrong with you?" The old man smiles  like a child and says, "I can find my way. I don't want to walk home."
The question is: Why does Mr.Brown ask the policemen for help?
The possible answers are:
A:he wants to go home
B:he wants to have lunch early
C:he doesn't want to walk home
D:something is wrong with himEvery year at our school, we have a special day called International Day  . It is for students to learn about different cultures   from different countries. On this day, each class must tell other classes about a different country. Of course you will see many dances and different foods.
If you visit the classroom of Japan, you can play the games Japanese children play. You also have some special Japanese foods. In the classroom of Mexico  , there are tomalleys   and chips to eat.
In the afternoon, all the students, teachers and parents watch the dances. There are lots of dances. These dances are beautiful. People enjoy the shows.
I enjoy International Day very much.
The question is: What's the best title   for the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:Dancing Day
B:International Day
C:Food Day
D:Game DayMa Yun was born on October 15,1964 in Hangzhou, Zhejiang Province. He is the founder  of Alibaba Group.
At the age of 10, Ma Yun took an interest in English. Each morning, he rode his bike to Hangzhou Hotel to talk with foreigners. In 1988, he became an English teacher. Then Ma Yun met Bill Aho, an American businessman, in Hangzhou. In 1995, he visited the United States for the first time. He stayed with Mr. Aho's family. There, he was introduced to the World Wide Web. Then he returned home and set up one of China's first web companies , China Yellowpages in the same year. On February 21,1999, he _ Alibaba. He chose Alibaba as the name because everyone knew the story of Alibaba.
Ma Yun had problems along the way. But his hard work made Alibaba an online success.
The question is: Ma Yun became an English teacher at the age of  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:10
B:24
C:31
D:35Amy: Excuse me, Jill.
Jill:  Yes, what can I do for you?
Amy: Did you see two persons pass from here? I want to take photos with them.
Jill:  Can you describe what they look like?
Amy: Yes, they are one boy and one girl. The girl is very beautiful. quite thin and has long hair. And that boy is also very tall. He is about 1.98 meters tall. He has big eyes and  short black hair.
Jill:  You mean Sun Yang, the famous swimming player? And he wears a pair of sunglasses?
Amy: Quite right. He stays in Shaoxing these days for swimming. Did you see them?
Jill:  Yes, they passed here 10 minutes ago. If you go quickly, You can _ them. 
Amy: I will do that. Goodbye. Thanks a lot.
Jill:  Goodbye.
The question is: The boy and the girl  _
The possible answers are:
A:went to the park 10 minutes ago..
B:went to the cinema 10 minutes ago.
C:passed here 10 minutes ago.
D:passed here 20 minutes ago.One day a lonely girl found two weak birds while she was walking in the woods . She took them home and put them in a small cage. She fed them with love and the birds grew strong. Every morning they greeted her with a beautiful song. The girl loved them very much and wanted their singing to last forever.
One day the girl left the cage's door open. The larger and stronger of the two birds flew out of the cage. The girl watched worriedly as it circled  high above her. She was afraid that it would fly away and she would never see it again. So when it flew close, she grasped  at it wildly. She was very happy that she held it tightly within her hand! Suddenly, she felt something had happened to the bird. She opened her hand and was surprised to find the bird was dead. Her love for the bird killed it.
She noticed the other bird jumping in the cage. She could feel that it wanted to be free. It hoped to fly into the clear, blue sky. She lifted  it from the cage and flew it into the air. The bird circled once, twice, three times...
When the bird was flying happily in the sky, she was so glad. Just then the bird flew closer and sat softly on her shoulder. It sang the sweetest song she had ever heard.
The question is: The girl felt that the other bird   _   when it was jumping in the cage.
The possible answers are:
A:wanted to see what happened
B:wanted to be free
C:wanted to sing a beautiful song again
D:wanted to eat somethingSwimmers wanted  
Can you swim? Do you like children? Can you help them with swimming on weekends?
Come and join us. Call Jane at 330-9786
Chess Club
Do you like to play chess? Do you want to play chess well? Mr. Chen can teach you.
You can come here every Friday afternoon.
Tel: 6723-1940  Add  : Room 102 in School's P.E. Building
Let's learn English
Can you speak English? Do you want to learn English? Join the English Club now.
Time: 9:00 a.m. --- 11:30 a.m. (from Monday to Friday)
Call Henry at 543-1248
Musicians   Wanted
Boys and girls, are you music lovers? Can you sing or dance? Can you play any instruments  ? Welcome to our Star Rock Band  .
Please call Victor at 891-3453 or send an e-mail to music@yahoo.com.
The question is: Betty can swim well and she wants to find a job. Who can she call?
The possible answers are:
A:Henry
B:Jane
C:Victor
D:JennyJohn is 14 years old. He is a student of Grade Eight. He was a very active and happy boy two years ago. But everything changed after he started to play computer games. He never plays basketball or football with his friends any more. And when he sits in the classroom, he can't listen to the teachers. He sleeps in class. And he spends less and less time in studying. So he gets bad marks in tests. But he is very different after school is over. He stays in the net bar until it is closed. Ah, he loses himself in computer games. His parents can do nothing to stop him. Every morning in the school, when we see that he is so tired after a night's "busy working", we really feel sad. He is too tired!
The question is: Every morning John feels   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:tired
B:healthy
C:happy
D:relaxedLong long time ago,the Creator created a man and a woman,they lived together very happily for a time.But then they began to get angry with each other,and at last the woman left and started off to the Sun land in the east.
The man followed alone and felt very sad,but the woman kept on ahead and never looked behind,until the Creator,took pity on him and asked him if he was still angry with his wife.He said he was not,and the Creator then asked him if he would like to have her back again.He answered yes.
So the Creator created a patch  of the finest ripe   tomatoes along the way in front of the woman,but she passed by like seeing nothing at all.Later,he put a patch of beautiful flowers but again she refused to notice.Until suddenly she saw in front of her a patch of large ripe strawberries.They looked delicious.
She stopped to pick a few to eat,and as she ate them she turned her face to the west by accident,and at once she remembered her husband and she found herself unable to go on.She sat down,but the longer she waited,the more she missed her husband,and at last she took a lot of the best strawberries and started back along the way to give them to him.He met her kindly and they went home together.
The question is: The woman stopped for the   _   thing that the Creator created.
The possible answers are:
A:second
B:third
C:fourth
D:fifthMa Yan is not really a writer, but this 15-year-old girl has written a book that has moved many people around the world. Ma Yan's diary tells us about Ma's life. She lives in a poor village called Zhangjiashu in Tongxin, Ningxia, and she has no money to go to school. However, she is brave and wants to go to school very much.
Her mother gave her diary to a reporter, Pierre Haski when he went to Zhangjiashu in 2001. Now, Ma Yan's diary has been published in France, Italy, Germany, Japan and China.
Ma Yan is now a Junior Three student at Yuwang Middle School in Tongxin. Before this, she had to drop out of school twice. She had to stop going to school the first time, because her mum told her there was no money for her to go to school. She worked for 21 days and saved 13 yuan. With this money, she went back to school. The second time, her family told her she had to leave school while her two brothers could stay.
"I want to study," Ma Yan wrote in her diary. "Why can boys study but girls can't? It would be wonderful if I could stay at school forever."
Ma Yan loves school so much because she wants to have a better life.
"My parents work hard in the fields but they are still poor. They have no knowledge . Most girls in my village leave school early and get married young. I don't want that kind of life," Ma Yan said.
After her story became known, many students sent money to her. She hopes to go to Tsinghua University and become a reporter. "Then, I can find poor kids like me, and help them," she said.
The question is: Ma Yan's diary has been published in France, Italy, Germany, Japan and  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:America
B:Austria
C:Russia
D:ChinaDo you like Sun Wukong? He is one of the most popular novel  characters in Chinese history. Both young children and adults love him so much. In our mind, he is a great hero in the Chinese novel Journey to the West(<<>> ).
In the novel, Sun Wukong, Zhu Bajie and Sha Seng beat demons  and protect Tang Seng when they travel to the Western Paradise . Sun Wukong was born from a stone. He can change himself into a tree, a bird, or and animal. With one somersault , he can travel 108,000li.
Sun Wukong is clever, brave and always makes fun magic tricks. Chinese people love him very much.
Sun Wukong is also popular in other countries. Many western children love him and learn kung fu because of him. To them, he is a super hero, just like Superman and Spiderman.
The question is: What's the main idea of the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:It's about a hero, Sun Wukong.
B:It's about a novel, Journey to the West.
C:It's about Superman and Spiderman.
D:It's about some popular heroes in western countries.More than 50,000,000 people live in the rainforests of the world and most of them do not hurt the forest they live in. They eat the fruits that grow on the forest trees, but they do not cut them down. They kill some animals to eat, but they do not destroy them.
When we cut down the rainforests, we destroy these forest people, too. In 1900, there were 1,000,000 forest people in the Amazon forest. In 1980, there were only 200,000.
The Yanomami live along the rivers of the rainforest in the north of Brazil. They have lived in the rainforest for about 10,000 years and they use more than 2,000 different plants for food and for medicine. But in 1988, someone found gold in their forest, and suddenly 45,000 people came to the forest and began looking for gold. They cut down the forest to make roads. They made more than a hundred airports. The Yanomami people lost land and food. Many died because new diseases came to the forest with the strangers.
The Yanomami people tried to save their forest, because it was their home. But the people who wanted gold were stronger.
Many forest people try to save their forests. Chico Mendes was famous in Brazil because he wanted to keep the forest for his people. "I want the Amazon forest to help all of us-forest people Brazil, and all the Earth," he said. A few months later, in December 1988, people who wanted to cut down the forest killed Chico Mendes.
In Borneo, people were cutting down the forest of the Penan people to sell the wood. The Penan people tried to save their rainforest. They made _ across the roads into the forest. In 1987, they closed fifteen roads for eight months. No one cut down any trees during that time.
In Panama, the Kuna people saved their forest. They made a forest park which tourists pay to visit.
The Gavioes people of Brazil use the forest, but they protect it as well. They find and sell the Brazil nuts  which grow on the forest trees.
The question is: The number of the people living in the Amazon forest in 1980 was   _   of that in1900.
The possible answers are:
A:half
B:one-third
C:two-fifths
D:one-fifthWhen he was a little child, Andrew had a serious bad habit of sucking  his fingers all day long, especially when he had nothing interesting to do: when he was sleeping, when watching TV, when sitting on the sofa and so on. At the beginning, his parents didn't think it was a bad habit.
Therefore, as time goes by, the boy couldn't give up his habit. Now, in his twenties, Andrew seems to have developed the bad habit into another one: he always bites his nails . He cannot stop biting his nails all the time. There're moments when he even doesn't know that he is doing it. He realized it was a problem and this worried him a lot. Some of his friends told him about this bad habit, and he stops for a while. But then, if he isn't busy doing something, he starts biting his nails again!
In fact, there're a lot of bacteria  in your nails and they can cause some disease. Also, the nails will become ugly and hard to _ . The worst thing is that this bad habit will bring the mental illness . If people cannot correct it in time, it can affect man's mental health.
In short, bad habits are very worrying, especially when the person with the habit is in public and cannot stop himself or herself doing it. Still, there must be ways to give up these bad habits and these people should try their best to stop doing them.
The question is: Which is TRUE according to the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:Andrew's parents found it was a bad habit at the beginning.
B:Andrew had a kind of mental illness when he was a little child.
C:Andrew himself wasn't worried about his habit in his twenties.
D:Some of Andrew's friends tried to help him stop his bad habit of biting nails.Geography is the study of Earth and its climates. Scientists use it to study global warming and track the weather. Governments use it to learn where people live and work and to plan what to do with the land. It is now easier than ever to use geography because of a science called space technology.
The United States launched its first satellite in 1958. Some space missions that followed were geographical studies. In fact, earth science is a big part of the work of the National Aeronautics and Space Administration (NASA).
Astronauts looked out of the space shuttle. They decided to take photographs of Earth from their vantage point. Over the years, picture quality improved. Shuttle photography now shows land features, such as rivers. It can even show the streets of large cities. Photos of the same places at different times show how the land is changing.
NASA does not use just photographs, though. In 1958 it launched TIROS (the Television Infrared Observation Satellite). This first use of a satellite to study Earth was effective in giving weather forecasts. It led to the creation of new space tools to use in geography.
The Landsat Program began in 1972. This satellite sent detailed views of Earth from space. The pictures were so precise that scientists could count the number and kinds of crops in a field. Landsat showed where Earth's surface had faults along which earthquakes might happen. This information helped in the planning of new cities and factories. Landsat also made discoveries. In Antarctica it located ranges of unknown mountains. It pinpointed small lakes in Virginia that were no ton maps. Landsat, now more advanced, still flies today.
Another space tool is Earth Observing-1 (EO-1). This spacecraft flies right behind Landsat. It takes pictures of the same sites. The two sets of pictures, viewed together, show how cities grow and how other places, such as rain forests, become smaller over time. This helps scientists learn how people affect geography.
One of the newest space tools is the Geographical Information Systems (GIS). GIS is computer software that helps scientists to study Earth. GIS is different from earlier space tools. Businesses, schools, and even average people -- not just the government --can use it to show them how changes in the planet might affect them.
The question is: EO-1 takes photographs of the same places as Landsat because   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:the two groups of pictures can show the changes of Earth
B:EO-1 is practicing for future photography missions
C:Landsat is out of date and new pictures are needed
D:Landsat can't send detailed views of Earth from spaceMoney can make you happy, only if you spend it in a clever way.
Buying a new car makes you happy. However, you will forget this feeling when the car gets old. But if you spend a week traveling, it's more possible that you'll remember the great experience, and you'll remember the feeling for a long time. A new study has found that spending money on experiences makes people happier than on _ things.
For material things, it's possible that you'll care about every little thing. If you buy a nice pen, and someone else buys one with less money, it's possible that you may be unhappy because you spend so much money. When it comes to experiences like trips, you won't think like that. If the experience is generally good, you will be happy with the price.
Material things can be compared more easily. If you buy an MP3 and then see a more suitable one, you may regret buying the first one. However, if you have a nice dinner at one restaurant, and then learn about another better restaurant, you'll not regret the first meal.
Material things can cause jealousy .For example, if you buy a new toy and find that your friend has a better toy, you'll feel unhappy. Instead, if you travel to a beautiful place, then no matter where your friends have gone, it won't make the memory of your trip less happy.
The question is: Which of the following is WRONG according to the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:Spending money in a clever way makes people happy.
B:People like traveling more than buying material things.
C:Material things may cause jealousy.
D:People care about more things when they buy material things.When I was a child, my parents always told me that I should never talk to strangers. This was part of a whole list of things I should never do: Never accept food or candy from strangers, never get in a car with strangers, and so on.
But if we didn't start a conversation with strangers, we'd never make new friends. We'd never get a job. We may miss the joy that comes from talking with strangers. And the more people you know, you more chances you can get.
The following passage offers you some advice on how to break the ice.
Don't just stare at your shoes. Go and say "Hi" to that new guy. It will be easier to break the ice if you know more about different cultures.
British: Beautiful day, isn't it?
The weather in Britain is changeable. So, it is one of the topics the British care most about. And there's a simple rule: Say "Yes" whether you agree with the person's idea on the weather or not. That's because the British start a conversation using the weather so that they can continue their talk.
French: Where did you go on holiday?
To talk with a French person, the safest way is to ask his or her last holiday. French students enjoy a 10-to-15-day holiday every two months. French employees get more than six weeks of holidays per year.
American: So, where are you from?
The US is so big and people move so often that location is always a source  of talk. You can try to find a connection with the place they're from. For example, if someone's from Los Angeles, you could say:"Oh, I have a friend who studied there"
The question is: The best thing to talk with British is  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:the fog
B:the rain
C:the weather
D:the windOnce upon a time,a hippo  lived in a river next to a big tree.
One day,a bird came and nested  in the tree.The songs of the bird filled the hippo with so much envy  that he couldn't think of anything else.Every day he would think why he wasn't born to be a bird even though the bird told him many times he was so lucky to be so big and such a good swimmer.
Finally,the hippo made up his mind that he would come out of the river,climb the tree and start singing.However,when he tried to climb the tree,it was very clear that the hippo didn't have wings,nor claws to climb with.
Realizing that he would never climb up the tree,he angrily hit the tree until it came crashing to the ground.Then he stepped onto the leaves of the fallen tree,and began singing.
Unfortunately,hippos can't sing,either.All that came from his mouth were terrible noises,and when the other animals heard this,they all came around to make fun of the hippo.
He was so ashamed by this.He also felt bad about having knocked the tree over.He used all his strength to raise the tree back up again,and look after it until it completely recovered. .
The question is: The hippo envied the bird because  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:he could fly high
B:he could build a nest
C:he could sing well
D:he could live in the treeAccording to some predictions, human beings will die out in 2012. Nearly all people think it's impossible, but there are some more earthquakes in recent years.
Animals can predict the weather or other natural events. It may sound strange, but farmers living in the countryside think so. For hundreds of years , they have observed animals.
"Animals ' behavior can be connected to future weather conditions or events." They say. For example, if cows lie down, a rainstorm is coming. There are many traditional stories connecting animals and natural events. Many people think that these stories don't have scientific evidence(  ) at all. Scientists, however, are beginning to take another look at some of these ideas.
A Japanese earthquake researcher named Kiyoshi Shimamura noticed an increase in dog bites a short time before earthquake hit. Then he did research on twelve public health centers in Kobe, Japan. These health centers treated people after the 1995 earthquake . He got some interesting information about the month before the big earthquake:  treatment for animals' bites had increased . In fact, aggressive behavior in dogs, such as biting and barking loudly , jumped 60 percent.
There are also other changes in animals' behavior before the earthquake. For example, fish began swimming together in large groups , but only in the middle of the water and not near the edges. Birds flew away from their nests for many days, leaving their eggs unprotected . These animals' behavior suggests that animals may be able to predict natural events better than people.
The question is: What do dogs begin to do just before an earthquake?
The possible answers are:
A:They leave their homes.
B:They hurt people.
C:They lie down in grass.
D:They stay together in large groups.What would you do if you had an accident in your daily life?
It is important for you to get some knowledge about first aid in your daily life. If a person has an accident, he / she needs medical care before a doctor can be found. When you give first aid, you must know three things:
First, when a person stops breathing  , open his / her mouth to see if there is food in his / her mouth. Second, if a person cannot breathe, try to start his / her breathing at once, using a mouth-to-mouth way. Third, if a person is hurt badly, try to stop the bleeding   at once. And then take him / her to a doctor, because if a person loses one third of his / her blood, he / she may be in great danger.
Many accidents may happen at home, and everyone should know some first aid to deal with common injuries. When a person _ by an animal, wash the wound with cold running water before he / she is taken to see a doctor. When a person is burnt, wash and cool the area of the skin under the cold tap for a while, then put a piece of dry clean cloth over the burn. If a person is badly burnt, take him / her to the doctor. If a person cuts his / her finger, clean it and put a piece of clean paper round the cut.
In the future we should learn more about first aid and try to spread   it.
The question is: How many steps should you pay attention to when you give first aid?
The possible answers are:
A:Two.
B:Three.
C:Four.
D:Five.The purpose of students who come to school is to study.But studying needs right ways,or we would waste the time or the money.The followings are ways for studying.
The best time for reading is morning.Because in the morning,the air is fresh and our minds are clear.For that reason,we can get good results.
When we study we must be patient.If we don't understand a text well,we must read it again.We should not read the next until we have learned the first one well.
When we are studying,we must put our hearts into the book.We cannot read absent-mindedly ,or we could get nothing from the book while we are reading.
We must always ask"why".If we can't understand well,write it down and ask our teachers or parents,brothers or friends,in some possible ways.We must know it completely and then our knowledge can be used well.
Though there are many ways for studying,however,the above mentioned will be helpful if we can keep them in heart.
The question is: If we don't understand a text well,  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:we should copy others'answers
B:we should read it again till understand it
C:we don't do it any more
D:we should give it up and read the next oneBicycle sharing systems are also known as yellow bicycle programs, white bicycle programs, public bikes, or free bikes. They are increasingly popular in Europe now. Paris has the world's largest urban   cycle rental system.
This is a bike rental station in Paris. The worker is showing how to use a new self-service bike. They say that Paris will become "a green capital of bikes" and they plan to park 20,000 bicycles at 1,600 stations. Paris created this plan to improve the city traffic environment and reduce the waste gas displacement  .
At a rental station, you only have to put your credit card into the machine to rent a bike. It provides French, German, English and Chinese services. If you ride the bike for only 30 minutes to relax, you needn't pay for it. A two-hour bike rent only costs you 4 euros.
These stations work for 24 hours every day, so a bike is rented for 10 to 14 times a day. In this way there are 200,000 people using bikes a day,
In the past few years, Paris has encouraged its people to ride bikes, but something unhappy has happened now and then. Some people break the traffic rules during rush hours. Some park their bikes everywhere. So how to park bikes is a problem that Paris will face. But this project is still a helpful way to improve its traffic environment. Don't you think so?
The question is: Paris built many rental systems to  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:relax travelers
B:improve the environment
C:reduce traffic accidents
D:get moneyParis is a very nice city. Mrs. Curie often goes to Paris and she has a good time there. Mrs. Curie is old and very
, so she sometimes can't find her way.
Now she sees a man near a bus stop. "I can ask him the way," she says.
"Excuse me," she says in French. "But can you tell me the way to Notre Dame de Paris , please?"
But the man doesn't know French. He is Australian! Then he puts his hand into his coat and takes out a small book. He opens it and finds a phrase . He reads, "I'm sorry. I don't speak French."
The question is: From the story we know    _   .
The possible answers are:
A:the man is a driver
B:the man doesn't tell Mrs. Curie the way
C:Mrs. Curie lives in Paris
D:Mrs. Curie and the man are friendsWhen I was a kid in Minnesota, watermelon was expensive. One of my father's friends, Bernie, was a rich businessman, who owned a large store in St. Paul.
Every summer, when the first watermelons arrived, Bernie would call. Dad and I would go to Bernie's place. We' d sit on the edge of the dock , feet dangling , and got ready for a big meal.
Bernie would take his knife, cut our first watermelon, hand us both a big piece and sit down next to us. Then we'd bury our faces in watermelon, eating only the heart--the reddest, juiciest, firmest, sweetest, most seed-free part--and throw away the rest.
Bernie was my father's idea of a rich man. I always thought it was because he was such a successful businessman. Years later, I realized that it was not Bernie's wealth itself but his way of dealing with it that my father liked. Bernie knew how to stop working, get together with friends and eat only the heart of the watermelon.
What I learned from Bernie is that being rich is a state of mind. Some of us, no matter how much money we have, will never be free enough to eat only the heart of the watermelon. If you don't take the time to dangle your feet over the dock and enjoy life's small pleasure, your work is probably hurting your life.
For many years, I forgot that lesson I'd learned as a kid on the loading dock. I was too busy making all the money I could.
Well, I've relearned it. I hope I have time left to enjoy the success of others and to take pleasure in the day. That's _ . I have learned again to throw the rest away.
The question is: How did the writer and his father eat the watermelon?
The possible answers are:
A:They ate it in a polite way.
B:They only ate its best part.
C:They ate every part of it.
D:They shared only one piece.The story happens on an island  called Berk. Hiccup, a Viking   teenager, lives with his tribe   on the island. The Vikings are strong and good sailors . They often go on adventures  . Fighting dragons is one of their traditions. Hiccup's father, Stoick the Vast, is the leader of the island. He hopes his son will become as strong as him and be the leader one day.
But it does not seem to go well for him. Hiccup is nothing like his father. He is weak. People say he is not suitable to be the future leader. But Hiccup is smart and has a great sense of humor.
Now Hiccup and other Viking teens are in Dragon Training. Hiccup will have to show others that he has what it takes to be a fighter.
One day Hiccup hits a dragon with a stone cannon  . He finds the hurt dragon named Toothless. Hiccup sets Toothless free and the two became friends.
But his new friendship goes against the village's tradition. He has to stop others from killing the dragon!
Will Hiccup be able to save his friend? What difficulties will he have to face? Go to see How to Train Your Dragon, a Hollywood 3D cartoon film. You'll find the answer. The film comes out on March 26.
The question is: Where can we probably find the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:in a film magazine.
B:in a science book.
C:in a story book.
D:in a travel guide book.A kind of little cars may be seen in the streets in the future. People will like this kind of small cars better than the big ones. The car is as small as a bike. But it can carry two people in it. Everybody can drive it easily, just like riding a bike. Even children and old people can drive them to schools or parks.
If everyone drives such cars in the future, there will be less pollution in the air. There will be more space for all the cars in cities, and there will also be more space for people to walk in the streets.
The little cars of the future will cost less money to buy and to drive. These little cars can go only 65 kilometers an hour, so driving will be safer. The cars of the future will be fine for going around the city, but they will not be useful for a long trip.
This kind of cars can save a lot of gas. They will go 450 kilometers, then they have to stop for more gas.
They are nice cars, aren't they?
The question is: If you drive this kind of little cars for four hours, you can probably go    _    at most.
The possible answers are:
A:260 kilometers
B:65 kilometers
C:450 kilometers
D:130 kilometersPeople like to give gifts to others on _ days. Do you know how to choose  gifts? You should choose gifts that your family or friends like. Different gifts are for different people. For example, boys often like to play with robots ,toy guns and balls. And girls may like something lovely, like flowers, dolls and beautiful clothes. Of course, you don't need to choose something expensive. Your feeling is much more important than money. There is a Chinese saying, " _
The question is: Michael wants to buy a birthday gift for his sister, he may choose a  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:teddy bear
B:basketball
C:water gun
D:robotIt was nearly dark, the sun was dropping down the mountains far away. Little Tom came back home, with tears in his eyes.
"What's the matter, Tom? How's your trip?" his mother asked with a big smile. "I failed. The mountain is so high and full of big or small stones on the way, I still go ahead. But I was tired and it was so late that I had to come back." Tom cried. "It doesn't matter, you are only 14 years old after all. You will have another chance." his mother said. "But, standing at the top of the mountain is my dream!" Tom said. His father came over and asked, "Did you see the green trees on your way to the mountain?" "Sure, and there are a lot of beautiful flowers by the side of the road." Tom replied. "Did you hear the birds singing?" his father asked. "There were many kinds of birds singing in the trees, and the sound was very sweet." Tom said. "Did you feel the beauty of nature?" his father asked. "Yes, the blue sky, the white clouds, the green trees and the colorful flowers made a nice picture." Tom answered. "That's enough!" his father smiled and said, "Please remember, son. For often, achieving what you expect is not the most important thing. Although you didn't reach the top of the mountain, you got a lot on the way."
It is true that not every goal will be achieved, not every job will end up with a success, and not every dream will come true. The most beautiful scenery   is on the way.
,A, B, C, D,,. (5;2,10)
The question is: The writer tries to tell us that  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:the goal is not important
B:everyone should climb the mountain
C:the mountain is very beautiful
D:the process   is more important than the resultMrs Green lives in a small village. Her husband is dead, but she has one son. His name is Jack. He is twenty-one. He worked in a shop in the village and lived with his mother, but then he finds a job in a faraway town named Green Sea. He goes and lives there. Mrs Green is not happy about it.
One day Mrs Green is angry. She gets on a train and goes to her son's house in Green Sea. Then she says to him, "Jack, why do you never telephone me?"
Jack smiles, "But, Mother, you don't have a telephone."
"No," she answers, "I don't have, but you have one!"
The question is: Jack doesn't telephone his mother because  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:he doesn't like her
B:he can see her every day
C:he has no telephone
D:his mother has no telephoneNo one knew how to study when he or she was born. You need to learn to do some things first. Then it will be easy for you to learn and do well in class.
Pay Attention in Class
Paying attention is good for learning. It can help you know what your teacher says, and it will help you learn more and faster.
Take Good Notes
Taking good notes can make it easier to study. Be sure to write down all the important things that your teacher says or writes on the blackboard, and then read them after class.
Plan Ahead 
Don't study on Thursday night  for Friday's test . Planning ahead can help you get good points. You can plan what to do and how much to do each day.
Ask For Help
What should you do if you are _ about something? Be sure to ask your teacher for help. You can also ask some other people, like your classmates and your mom or dad.[:Zxxk.Com]
The question is: _   pieces of advice about learning are mentioned  in this passage.
The possible answers are:
A:Three
B:Four
C:Five
D:SixBooks which give instructions on how to do things are very popular in the United States today. Thousands of these "How to" books are available; in fact, there are about four thousand books with titles that begin with the words "How to". One book may tell you how to earn more money, another may tell you how to save or spend it, and another may explain how to give your money away. Many "How to" books give advice on careers  . They tell you how to choose a career and how to succeed at it. If you fail, however, you can buy a book called "How to Turn Failure into Success". If you would like to become very rich, you can buy the book "How to Make a Million". If you never make any money at all, you may need a book called "How to Live on Nothing?"
One of the most popular types of books is one that helps you with personal problems. If you want to have a better love of life, you can read "How to Succeed at Love Every Minute of Your Life?". If you are tired of books on happiness, you may prefer a book called "How to Make Yourself miserable?".
Many of these books help people use their time better. Some people want books which will give them useful information about sports, hobbies, and travel.  Other people use their free time to make repairs and improvements on their homes. They prefer books which give step by step instruction on how to repair things like plumbing   and electrical wiring, or on how to redecorate   or enlarge a house.
Why have "How to" books become so popular? Probably because life has become so complex. Today people have far more free time to use, more choices to make, and more problems to solve. "How to" books help people deal with modem life.
The question is: Before someone wants to find a good job, he  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:buy a book on "How to Make a Million?
B:read a book on how to choose a career
C:beg bosses or managers for it
D:use his free time to look for itYou may get a cold sometimes. It often starts with a sore throat. You sneeze   and your nose runs. You usually have a headache, too. Often you have a cough later. It's not a serious illness, but you may feel quite bad.
 _ For example, you can take aspirin   to get rid of   your headache. It is good to rest and drink a lot of water, too. A doctor once told me, "With the right medicine, the cold will last for seven days. With no medicine, it will go on for a week!"
Where does our medicine come from? A long time ago, people knew that some plants made them feel better. For example, the juice of lemons   makes a sore throat better. Now, scientists find some parts of plants can make some medicine. Because of these medicines, people now live longer than their grandparents.
The question is: What should we do when we catch a cold?
The possible answers are:
A:We should take some medicine.
B:We should have a good rest.
C:We should stay at home and drink a lot of water.
D:All of the above.In 1620,about half the USA was covered by forests .Today the forests have almost gone .A lot of good land has gone with them ,leaving only sand .China doesn't want to copy the USA's example.We're planting more and more tress .We've built the "Great Green Wall "of tress across northern pat of our country .The "Great Green Wall"is 7,000 kilometers long ,and between 400 and 1,700 kilometers wide .It will stop the wind from blowing the earth away .It will stop the sand from moving towards the rich farmland in the south .More "Great Green Wall "are needed .Trees must be grown all over the world. "Great Green Wall "will make the world better .
,.
The question is: The "Great Green Wall"In China is   _  long
The possible answers are:
A:7,000 kilometers
B:1,700 kilometers
C:7,000 meters
D:400 kilometersWhen I was a child, my parents often took me to an old house in a thick forest. No other children ever stayed there. I didn't even have the choice of playing with a brother or sister.
I could never understand what the attraction  of the house was, even for my parents, who enjoyed nothing better than to sit in silence with a good book. The woman in the house, my father's distant cousin, was a terrible cook and her food was _ .
One day, when I was wandering around the garden behind the house, I noticed a wooden house which had clearly been abandoned . As I walked towards it, I heard a noise, like an animal moving hurriedly away. Then I saw a man with a long beard standing at the door. I was greatly surprised.
"Please don't tell them you saw me," he said. "They never use this place, and I have nowhere else to live." "Don't worry," I said. "I won't tell anyone. But are you all right out here? I mean--do you have enough to eat?" The old man shook his head.
The same evening, I took a small plastic bag into the dining room and, while no one was looking, emptied some of the food into it. Later, I got out of the back door secretly and gave the food to the old man, whose name I had discovered was Taff.
I had never seen anything else as lovely as the smile of satisfaction on Taff's face when he ate the food. From then on, my visits to the old house had a purpose, and I enjoyed every minute of the rest of my stay.
The question is: What can we know about the old man from the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:He was poor and hungry.
B:He helped to repair the old house.
C:He liked to play hide-and-seek with the writer.
D:He raised many animals.THIS year the US Mint will honor one of the country's most famous writers.
"Mark Twain", the pen name of Samuel Clemens(1835-1911) is loved by American readers for his novels Tom Sawyer(1876) and The Adventures of Huckberry Finn(1844).
Now he is going to have his life and work commemorated  with special gold and silver coins.
But does Twain need to be commemorated? It doesn't seem like people in the US will forget him. Twain once joked that a lack of money is the root of all evil " but a lack of money with Twain's famous face on it wouldn't have made people forget about him.
The Adventures of Huckberry Finn is thought to be his greatest works.
Motherless Huck Finn is a young boy who shows the spirit of freedom. But it could be said that Huck's freedom really comes from Huck wanting to fly. When Huck gets away from his violent  father, he isn't really looking for freedom,out survival.
It's even more of a problem for a slave. Jim, the escaped  slave who Huck helps, makes Huck's life seem even better. It's easier not to be able to deal with someone who wants to force you to go to school than to have to fight a law that says you are a piece of property .
Huck and Jim's friendship, as shown by Mark Twain, is one of the great stories in American literature because it shows a white character, Huck, who gets an idea of the African American experience.
Mark Twain is famous and would still be famous without any special coins. Anyway, the coins could be a reason to look again at the work of a writer who got under the skin of the US in the 19th century.
With the race issue  _ in the US today, perhaps Twain still has something to teach today's readers.
The question is: What's the main purpose of the article?
The possible answers are:
A:To tell the story of The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn.
B:To tell readers about the special coins created to honor Mark Twain.
C:To explore why the US still remembers and honors Mark Twain.
D:To draw readers' attention to the many race issues in the US today.A survey by baidu.com showed there were 16 million bloggers  . Xu Jinglei was one of the first famous people that the website sina .com. invited to open blogs.
The web log written by Xu Jinglei is now the world's most popular . Xu , an actress-turned -director, became famous overseas when she won a Best Director Award for the film. A  Letter From an Unknown Woman in 2004.
Her blog has broken the domestic   record  with more than 10 million visits .
Xu updates   her blog every other day . But if she feels very good she sometimes posts two or three articles in a day .
Visitors leave thousands of messages about each of her articles , praising   her open, free writing style, commenting   on films.
The question is: Now Xu Jinglei's web log is   _   .
The possible answers are:
A:broken by hacker
B:written by an unknown woman
C:the world's most popular
D:closed by governmentSometimes I really doubt whether there is love between my parents. Every day they don't act in the romantic ways that I read in books or I see on TV. In their opinion, "I love you" is too luxurious for them to say. Sending flowers on Valentine's Day is even more out of the question.
One day, my mother was sewing a quilt .
"Mom, I have a question to ask you."
"What?" she replied, still doing her work.
"Is there love between you and Dad?"
My mother stopped her work and raised her head with surprise in her eyes. Then she said, "Susan, look at this thread. Sometimes it appears, but most of it disappears in the quilt. The _ really makes the quilt strong and durable. If life is a quilt, then love should be a thread. Love is inside."
I listened carefully but I couldn't understand until the next spring. At that time, my father suddenly got sick seriously. After they were back from the hospital, my mother helped him walk slowly on the beautiful country road every morning. My father had never been so gentle. But after two months he still couldn't walk by himself. All of us were worried about him.
"Dad, how are you feeling now?" I asked him one day.
"Susan, don't worry about me, "he said gently. "To tell you the truth, I just like walking with your mom. "Reading his eyes, I know he loves my mother deeply.
Once I thought love meant flowers, gifts and sweet kisses. But from this experience, I understand that love is just a thread in the quilt of our life. Love is inside, making life strong and warm.
,.
The question is: When did the writer understand her mother's answer?
The possible answers are:
A:After her father got sick seriously.
B:Before her father got sick seriously.
C:After her mother gave her father some flowers.
D:After her father gave her mother some flowers.Traffic lights are very important for us. I think you know this. But do you know how they were born?
Garrett A. Morgan was the father of traffic lights. He was an American. His family was very poor. He left school at the age of 14. He was clever. He always looked for better ways to do things. And he liked to make new things.
At that time, every American wanted to have a car. The streets were full of cars. The traffic was really bad. "Why not put three lights at each corner ? They should be red,green,and yellow," Morgan said , " Let them tell cars to go or stop." He made a timer  to change the lights.
So we have traffic lights today .
The question is: Garrett A.Morgan was the father of traffic lights. He came from.
The possible answers are:
A:Canada
B:England
C:America
D:JapanThere once was an old man aged 50,who had a lazy son aged 30. The son couldn't earn his own living , and still lived on his old father for food and clothing. The old man was very worried about him. So he took him to the fortune teller to have his fortune told.The father and son both believed what the fortune teller said --the father would live to 80 and the son to 62.
After they found out how long they were going to live, the son was very sad. His father comforted him, "Don't be so sad! You are only 30 now, and still have 32 years of good days _ you."
"I'm not worrying about my own age. It's your age which causes me great worry," the son said.
The father was greatly moved and said, "Don't worry about me so much. I've got 30 years _ me too."
"I'm not worried about your age either," said the son. "I have found out that you will die two years earlier than I. So who will I depend on in the two years after your death?"
The question is: The father was moved when   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:he thought his son was worried about him
B:he knew that his son would die ahead of him
C:his son would earn his own living when he died
D:he found his son worried about his moneyIt's six forty in the morning. The children are coming into the classroom.
A girl is opening the windows. Some are laughing and talking. Some are listening to them. Some are reading books. Some are doing their homework.
Miss Lin is standing behind the teacher's desk. She is writing on the blackboard. Sue and Anna are wearing their new dresses today. Ann is cleaning her desk. Mike is helping her. They all look happy.
What are Bill and Bob doing? Oh, dear! They are still playing basketball.
The question is: How many students are not in the classroom?
The possible answers are:
A:One
B:Two
C:Three
D:FourOne day a great general  asks his soldiers, "What is the strongest power  in the world? " Four of his soldiers put up their hands. They want to answer the question. The general asks the first man to speak. The man is younger than the other three, and he's not strong. He says, "My gun  is the strongest. It can kill anyone."  "Thank you. Next, please." The second man is very strong. He says, "I don't think so. Soldiers use guns. So the soldier is the strongest." The third man says, "Soldiers use guns, but our general gives orders. So I think our general is the strongest." The fourth man is the oldest. He says, "Love is the strongest. For love, people don't use guns." The general says nothing. He takes out a medal and gives it to him.
The question is: The fourth man   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:doesn't want to use his gun
B:wants the general to give him a medal
C:wants all the people to love
D:wants to be a generalOne day, my father and I were in line to buy tickets for the circus . And a family was standing in front of us.
The family had eight children. Their clothes were not expensive but clean.The children talked about the clowns( ), elephants, monkeys and other things excitedly. It was their first time to go to the circus.
The ticket lady asked the father how many tickets he wanted. He proudly answered, "I want eight children's tickets and two adults' tickets, so I can take my family to the circus."
The ticket lady said the price. The man's wife lowered her head and there was no smile on th e man's face. He quietly asked, "How much did  you say?"
The ticket lady said the price again. The man didn't have enough money. How could he tell his eight kids the bad news? My dad put his hand into his pocket and pulled out a $20 bill and dropped it on the ground.(In fact, we were not rich!) Then my dad said, "Excuse me, sir, this dropped out of your pocket."
The man knew what was going on. He looked into my dad's eyes, held my dad's hand in his, and took the $20 bill. "Thank you, sir, thank you. This really means a lot to me and my family."
My father and I went back home. We didn't go to see the circus that night, but we didn't care.
The question is: Who saw the circus that night?
The possible answers are:
A:The man's family
B:The writer's family
C:None of them
D:All of themDear Dad and Mom,
How are you? I'm happy here, but I miss you very much. It's Sunday today, I don't have any classes. I am writing an e-mail to you in the computer room now.
There are lots of students in the computer room. Some students are talking with their friends on QQ. Some students are playing computer games. Some students are watching movies on computers. My new friends, Peter and Bill, are here with me. Peter is buying a T-shirt on the Internet. And what is Bill doing? Oh, he is reading a book on the computer. They're friendly and they often help me with my study and life. When you come to Shanghai, I want you to meet them.
I'm OK in Shanghai. Please don't worry   about me. I hope you are happy and well.
Love,
Jenny
The question is: Where is Jenny now?
The possible answers are:
A:At home.
B:In the supermarket.
C:In the library.
D:In the computer room.Charlie was always happy. He liked helping others and people asked him for help when they were in trouble. He even got the name"Happy Charlie".
One day, a boy called Waterworks came to the town on holiday. No matter what Charlie said to him, Waterworks would always find some reason to be sad-- My parents didn't buy me that toy; I can't watch TV; I don't like to go to school...... Everything seemed so sad to Waterworks. He was always sad. But Charlie didn't care and kept spending more time with Waterworks , trying to make him happy.
Then, one day, they went out together. When Charlie was saying something, someone dropped a pie from a window and it leaned right on his head. He got such a sudden fear that couldn't say a word. The two boys were speechless. During those moments of silence, Waterworks missed Charlie's happy words so much that he finally said:"Wow,Charlie. That's a nice disguise."
And, after saying those words, Waterworks felt so good and he realized that he was used to his friend's enthusiasm. And came to the town.
The question is: After meeting Waterworks, Charlie  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:said few words to him
B:did his best to make him happy
C:showed no interest in him
D:always felt disappointed in himLast Sunday it was snowy. Maria stayed at home. Her cousin Cara came to visit her. She came back from Beijing. She told Maria something about her vacation. "It was pretty good," she said. Cara visited the Palace Museum and the Great Wall. She took a lot of photos.
It was lunchtime. Maria's parents were not at home. Maria decided to cook by herself . She cooked noodles with some pepperoni ,tomatoes and peppers . After Cara had the noodles, she said slowly, "I think it is delicious!" But Maria thought the food was too awful. She said, "Cana, thank you, but I put too many peppers!"
The question is: What did Maria think of the food?
The possible answers are:
A:It was too awful.
B:Just so-so
C:It was delicious
D:We don't knowOne day a man found a cocoon  of a butterfly in the forest.He sat there for several hours and watched the butterfly.Suddenly, a small opening appeared and the butterfly made its great effort  to force its body through that little hole.Then it seemed to stop making any progress.It appeared as if it had gotten as far as it could and it could go no further.(, ).
So the man decided to help the butterfly.He cut off the remaining bit of the cocoon so that the butterfly would come out easily.But to his surprise, the butterfly got a heavy body and very small wings when it came out of the cocoon.
The man continued to watch the butterfly because he expected that the body would grow smaller at any moment and the wings would become larger and be able to fly.But neither happened! In fact, the butterfly spent the rest of its life crawling  around with a heavy body and small wings.It was never able to fly.
The man was in his kindness, but he didn't understand the nature rules.Before the butterfly came out of the cocoon, fluid  from its body must be forced into its wings, and then would be ready for flying.It must have a hard struggle  to get through the small opening to get its freedom from the cocoon.
Sometimes struggles are exactly what we need in our life.If God allowed us to go through our life without any difficulties, it would make us fail.We would not be as strong as we could have been, we could never fly.
The question is: The man cut off the remaining bit of the cocoon in order to   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:take the butterfly home
B:help the butterfly come out easily
C:kill the butterfly
D:stop the butterfly growing biggerBury trip--June 18th,2016
We will be leaving the Perse School at 13:45.Please be at the school gate 10minutes early.If you are late,you may miss the bus and not be able to go!If you miss the bus,you won't get your money back.The bus is planned to arrive in Bury at 14:30,although this depends on traffic.You will have free time to walk around and we will meet at the same location where we arrived at 17:15to return to the Perse School by about 18:00.
Things to do Visit the Abbey
The Abbey is the min  of a church which was built more than 1,000years ago.There are many nice gardens in it.And next to the Abbey,there is a big new church.
Have a drink in the Nutshell
This little bar is famous in Britain because it is officially  the smallest bar in the country.Good things are put in small bags,and the Nutshell serves some of the area's finest beer,as well as fascinating photos.
Have a look at a beer shop
At the Greene King shop you can taste and buy some of the local beer,as well as food such as potato chips.There are also clothes available to buy.
Several places are listed,but feel free to plan your own visit.
The question is: If Sara wants to take part in the trip,when should she arrive at the Perse School gate?
The possible answers are:
A:At 13:35.
B:At 13:45.
C:At 14:20.
D:At 14:30.Sarah ran in, shouting, "Look what I found!"  Over the top of the paper I was reading; came a terrible thing that caused me to jump. It was a snake skin found in our garden.
"Isn't it beautiful?" said my seven-year-old daughter.
I opened my eyes widely and looked at the snake skin in fear . I didn't think it was beautiful, but I learned never to appear nonchalant with children. Everything they see for the first time is important to their sense of beauty; they see only excellence in the world.
"Why does it do this?"  Sarah asked.
"Snakes shed  their skins because they need to renew themselves,"  I explained.
"Why do they need to renew  themselves?" Sarah asked.
"We often need to shed our skins, those coatings that we cover ourselves with," I said to my daughter. "We leave some things and find other thing unwanted or unnecessary. This snake no longer needs this skin. It is probably too little for him, and he probably doesn't think he looks as smart in it as he once did. "
As we talked, I knew that she began to understand. Although she couldn't understand clearly, she would know that renewal is part of progress; that we need to take a good look at ourselves, our rooms, schoolwork and spirit, and see what we need to keep and what we need to leave.  I was careful to tell that this is a natural way, not one to be forced.
"Snakes don't peel off their skins when they like them. "I explained. "It happens as a natural thing of their growth. "
"I see, Dad," said Sarah as she held the snake skin, and then ran off.
I hoped she would remember this; we need to throw some away because they are worthless or unnecessary. Then we can store them as memories in our deep hearts.
The question is: We learn from the reading that  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:the girl seemed to understand what her father said
B:the girl wasn't interested in the explanation
C:the father was good at raising snakes
D:the father liked the snake skin betterDragons are not real animals, but look like a combination   of many animals such as snakes, fish and deer. They have two horns   and a long moustache  . With fantastic powers, they fly in the sky or swim in the sea. They can make rain, too. The Chinese dragon is a symbol of strength and good luck. The emperors of ancient China loved dragons. Their clothes were covered with pictures of dragons.
We are proud to call ourselves the "descendants   of the dragon". In Chinese, "excellent" people are often called "dragon". A number of Chinese sayings and idioms talk about dragons, for example, " _ ," which means he or she will be successful.
It is said that people born in the Year of the Dragon have certain characteristics. They are creative, confident, brave and quick-tempered. There are some famous "dragons" who have done excellent things, for example, Deng Xiaoping, the famous businessman, Li Jiacheng and the movie star Zhao Wei. They are all successful.
There are also some traditional festivals about dragons in China, such as Dragon Head Raising Day and the Dragon Boat Festival. We have different kinds of activities to celebrate them. These two festivals come every year, but the Year of the Dragon comes every twelve years.
The dragon is very important in Chinese culture. As the "descendants of the dragon", it is necessary for us to know the views on dragons in our culture. It can help us understand why our parents always want us to be "dragons".
The year 2024 is the Year of the Dragon. Good luck to you!
The question is: Which of the following years is the Year of the Dragon?
The possible answers are:
A:1988
B:1998
C:2008
D:2018.Doctor Carl was a very busy man. He always worked hard. He often forgot his families' birthdays. Yesterday afternoon he remembered  it was his wife's   birthday. He loved his wife. He wanted to give her a present. On his way home from hospital, he bought some beautiful flowers in a shop. When doctor Carl got home, he gave his wife the flowers and said, "Happy birthday to you, dear!" "It's April 20th today. I remembered your birthday this year." Mrs. Carl laughed and said, "My birthday was the day before yesterday, but thank you all the same. Better late than never!"
The question is: Why did Carl forget his families' birthday? Because   _   .
The possible answers are:
A:he is too old
B:he works very hard
C:he is a doctor
D:he is not busyIt is reported by Chinese Xinhua News that students waste more food than the national average. So the campaign on school food waste is getting popular across the country. The move is part of a national campaign started by students at different schools.
At East China University of Science, students who finish their food in the school dining hall get a special card when they return their plates after meals. Students can collect cards and exchange them for small gifts, such as books, schoolbags, magazines and umbrellas. "It's been such a surprise," said Liang Zhaoyun, 19, a student in Shanghai. "It has given us one more motivation to eat up our food."
"The purpose of the campaign is not only to encourage students to finish their food. We hope it can also teach students to choose a more environment-friendly and healthy lifestyle," said Tao Siliang from University of Traditional Chinese Medicine.
Other schools also pay attention to the quantity of food. At Nanjing No.9 Middle School, rice is divided into three different-sized bowls that students can choose from according to their own need. "It's great because I can try different dishes at half price and don't waste so much food," said Fan Peng, 15, a student from this middle school.
What if you really can't finish all your food? At Changchun Normal College, they provide a take-away service. "If you can't finish all your food, you can get a box to take the left food home. Even if you feed the cat, it's not wasted," said Zhou Zeyong, a student who learns Chinese education.
"I'm happy that we've cut down waste since joining the school 'eat-up' meeting. But some food is poorly cooked, meaning that students are not willing to finish it all. Some schools have taken note of this. So if we hope students try to waste less food, we should also improve the service and keep an eye on the meal quality on weekdays at school. If not, you can't complain students for throwing away much food," said Wang Guangji, the head-teacher of Beijing No. 29 Middle School.
The question is: Who can get some gifts at East China University of Science?
The possible answers are:
A:Students who buy some special cards.
B:Students who eat up all the food.
C:Students who do some dishes.
D:Students who spend money on gifts.The baby elephant, Sheila, was moved out of Belfast Zoo because of fears she might be hit by bombers during the Belfast Blitz   of 1941.
She was one of the lucky ones. A lot of the animals were killed because of fears they might escape during the bombing and attack people. They included a tiger, a black bear, a wolf, a penguin, and two polar bears.
But Sheila was walked down the road by zoo-keepers to a nearby house where a woman took her in and kept her in her backyard for several months until the bombing was over.
The woman has never been identified   and the zoo knows her only as "the elephant angel". As the zoo celebrates its 75thbirthday, people have decided to try to find the elephant's saver. Mark Challis is the manager of Belfast Zoo. He explained a bit more about Sheila's story.
"Well, we know that Sheila, the elephant that was in the zoo at that time spent some time living with a lady relatively near to the zoo and we have one sweet photo, you can see it on our zoo website."
"In the photo you can see the elephant with the lady in her back garden and that's almost all we know. So we're just trying to find a little bit more information and we are not even sure if the lady is alive today, but maybe her relatives or somebody will recognize the back of that house and we can fill in some detail on this story."
Once the bombing was over, Sheila went back to the zoo and lived for another quarter of a century. She died of a skin disease in 1966.
The question is: Why was the photo posted on the website?
The possible answers are:
A:To attract more visitors to the zoo.
B:To celebrate the zoo's birthday.
C:To find the elephant angel.
D:To explain the war to the public.Many college students have given up taking class notes by hand. Instead, they type  on computers. But scientists say that method is less helpful.
If you need to remember something, write it. Writing notes by hand is much better for long-term memory of idea. So, turn off your computer if you want to remember something.
Students who type notes on a keyboard often write down what the teacher says word-for-word. They may write without really thinking about what they are writing. These electronic notes contained  more words. But scientists say it leads to " _ ." Transcription means to write down something exactly as you hear it.
However, students taking notes by writing them, need to first process the information they hear. Then they record just the main parts. They use fewer words. This is because people usually write slower than they type. This kind of process leads to a deeper understanding.
The scientists did a research. In the research, students listened to a teacher and then took a test. Some took notes by typing on a computer. The others took notes by writing them down.
Both groups performed about the same in remembering facts. But students who typed their notes did much worse on conceptual  questions. These questions required them to understand an idea.
Also, scientists found that those who wrote their notes remembered conceptual information better a week later. Scientists believe that the students who took notes by writing them had a deeper understanding of ideas.
Scientists know that students probably will still use their computers in class. But they suggest to take notes by hand on screens. They say this might be a good way between different schools.
The question is: Conceptual questions usually require the students to   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:listen carefully
B:think of the notes
C:guess the meanings
D:understand the ideasThe westerners have more vacation days than us. Some people like to stay at home during their vacation. They work in the garden, visit their friends, read books or watch television. Many families take their lunch to a park or somewhere far from the city. They like to eat under some trees or near a nice lake. If they live near the sea, they often go to the seaside. There they can fish, swim or enjoy the sun.
The westerners like travelling. They think travelling and outdoor activities are the parts of their lives. They work hard to save money, but their main purpose  is to travel.
Most western students often make use of their vacation to camp. There are thousands of camp interesting bases  in western countries. They can swim, go fishing, attend lectures, and take part in many other recreational  activities there. It can help them wrest from the secrets of nature, train  their viability , and teach them how to be self-reliant  .
The question is: _   is very important for the westerners.
The possible answers are:
A:Working hard
B:Travelling
C:Saving money
D:Going campingA man was walking along the street when he saw a woman carrying a large box. It was half in and half out of her car. So the man went up and said, "The box looks very heavy. Let me give you a hand."
"That's very kind of you," the woman said, "I'm having a lot of trouble with it. Maybe it sticks   in the car door."
"Together we'll soon move it," the man said. "I'll get in and take the other end." And he got in the car.
"Right," the man said. "I'm ready," and he began to push the box hard.
For several minutes, the man and the woman tried to move the box. Soon they felt very tired.
They rested for a moment. Then the woman said, "Let's try again. One, two, three!" They went on moving the box.
At last, when they were _ , the man said, "I'm sorry, but I don't think there's any way to get it out of your car."
"Get it out?" the woman cried. "I'm trying to get it in! You know?"
The question is: Who got in the car to move the box?
The possible answers are:
A:The woman.
B:The man.
C:Both of them.
D:Neither of them.Long ago in a small village, there was a place. It is famous for the House of 1000 Mirrors.
A small, happy little dog learned of this place and decided to visit. When he arrived, he jumped happily up the stairs  to the doorway  of the house. He looked through the doorway with his ears lifted high  and his tail  wagging  as fast as it could. To his great surprise, he found himself looking at 1000 other happy little dogs with their tails wagging just as fast as his. He smiled a great smile, and was answered with 1000 great smiles just as warm and friendly. As he left the house, he thought to himself, "This is a wonderful place. I will come back and visit often."
In the same village, another little dog, who was not quite as happy as the first one, decided to visit the house. He slowly climbed the stairs and hung  his head low as he looked into the door. When he saw the 1000 unfriendly-looking dogs looking back at him, he _ at them and was afraid to see 1000 little dogs growling back at him. As he left, he thought to himself, "That is a terrible place. I will never go back there again."
All the faces in the world are mirrors. What kind of reflections  do you see in the faces of the people you meet?
The question is: What does the story want to tell us?
The possible answers are:
A:Mirrors can tell whether  you are happy or not.
B:If you show life a smile, life will smile back.
C:Everyone in the world should be nice to each other.
D:Happy people are more popular than unhappy ones.Read the instructions of the medicine before you take your choices.
Adults : 2 tablespoonfuls 
Children: according to  age
10----14 years 4 teaspoonfuls 
5----10years 2 teaspoonfuls
3----6 years I teaspoonful
Repeat above doses  every 1/2 hour to 1 hour if needed until 8 dose are taken. If you do not get better within two days, see a doctor. SHAKE  WELLBEFORE USING.
The question is: In this passage 'choice" means  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:not eating
B:decision
C:choose
D:eatingThe teacher invited a little boy's mother to attend his elementary school's first parents' meeting. His mother said she would go but the boy was disappointed. This would be the first time that his classmates and teacher met his mother and he was embarrassed by her appearance. Although she was a beautiful woman, there was a severe scar  that covered nearly the whole right side of her face. The boy never wanted to talk about why or how she got the scar.
At the meeting, the people were impressed by the kindness of his mother, but the little boy was still embarrassed and hid himself from everyone. However, he heard a conversation between his mother and his teacher.
"How did you get the scar on your face?" the teacher asked.
The mother replied, " When my son was a baby, the room he was in caught fire. Everyone was too afraid to go in because the fire was out of control, but I rushed in at once. As I was running towards his crib  , I saw a beam   coming down and I placed myself over him trying to protect him. I was knocked down. But fortunately, a fireman came in and saved both of us. " She touched the burned side of her face. " This scar will be _ , but until today, I have never regretted doing what I did. "
At this point, the little boy came out running towards his mother with tears in his eyes. He hugged her and felt the love of his mother.
,.
The question is: Hearing his mother's story, the boy will   _   .
The possible answers are:
A:save his mother in danger
B:love his mother more than before
C:study harder to thank his mother
D:hate his teacher more than beforeImagine the situation. You are driving along in a desert or on a mountain. You have no idea where you are. You passed the last house two hours ago. Then your car breaks down. It is night and it is cold. You have no mobile phone. What do you do? Well, next time take a GPS with you. This invention may be able to help you. It is a device  which uses satellites to find the user's position. It can find your position to within 20 meters. A GPS cannot start your car, but at least you will know where you are.
GPS, which means Global Positioning System , is a small radio receiver. It looks like a mobile phone. You can hold it in your hand, or put in you pocket. It is sometimes put into a watch or a telephone. We also find GPS devices in cars, planes, or boats. Some of these devices have electronic maps, so you know where you are. For example, in a city they can tell you the name of the street.
There are three parts to the Global Positioning System. The first part is the receiver. You can hold it in your hand, or have it fixed into your car, plane, etc. the second part is a group of satellites orbiting the Earth. The receiver contacts at least four of the satellites and calculates its position. The third part of the system is a network of ground stations. They are all over the world. _ control the satellites and make sure they are working well.
Some people think that in the future the GPS will be as common as the mobile. They are becoming cheaper and more and more accurate . There are also new uses for the GPS. Perhaps they will become like watches. Everyone will have one and you will never be lost again.GPS
The question is: We can learn from the passage that   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:there are three parts to the GPS
B:a GPS can't be put into a watch
C:a GPS can help you start your car
D:the GPS are becoming more and more expensiveToday Newtown is a very clean place. But many years ago, there were millions of rats in Newtown. They attacked  the cats and dogs. Sometimes a lot of them knocked down a man or woman walking home at night. The rats were very big in size and they hurt many people.
The government   ordered   everybody to kill rats. Most people were lazy, so they did not kill many. Then the government decided to pay some money for each dead rat. That made the people very happy. They killed thousands of rats every day. A government officer put all the dead rats in a big pile . Sometimes a man brought hundreds in one day.
After two weeks there were not many rats in the city, but people still brought many rats to the government office. The government officer thought that people were stealing   dead rats from the pile. He ordered his men to dig a deep hole and put the rats in it. Soon there were no more rats, and the government did not pay any more money.
The question is: Which of the following is the best title   for this passage
The possible answers are:
A:How to Kill Rats
B:Newtown - City of Rats
C:How Newtown People Became Rich
D:How Newtown Became a Very Clean PlaceIn 1955, Walt Disney himself opened the first Disney Park in Los Angeles, the USA. Later Disney World was opened in Florida in 1971. It cost between $500 and $600 million to build. Tokyo Disney Park opened in Japan in 1983, and Europe Disney opened in France in 1992.
Now Hong Kong is going to build a Disney Park and it will be open in 2005.
More than 80% of Hong Kong's population would like to visit the Disney Park when it is opened. But about half of them thought the adult admission fee  , of between HK $250 to HK $300 (US $32 to US $38), was too high. The children's admission fee is not known yet. But children may not mind paying any entrance fee. "If I start saving money now, I'll have enough money to pay the entrance fee in five years' time." Said Chan Posang, a 12-year-old girl. " I can't take my son to the Disney Park in the USA." Said Mrs Yu, mother of a small boy, "That's why I agree with the government's plan to build one here. There I'll be able to take my son there. The admission fee of several hundred dollars is nothing compared with (......)the price of an air ticket to the USA."
The question is: The first Disney Park was built in   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:France
B:Tokyo
C:America
D:Hong KongPeople often say that an Englishman's home is his castle. They mean that the home is very important and personal. Most people in Britain live in houses rather than in flats, and many people own their homes. They can paint and change them in any way they like. In a crowded city everyone knows that he or she has _ space that is only for himself or herself and for invited friends.
People usually like to mark their space. Are you sitting on a beach or a train or in a library? If you are on the beach you may have spread your sands around you; on the train you may have put your coat or a small bag on the seat beside you; in a library you may have one corner or chair which is your own.
Once I was traveling on a train to London. I was in a section for four people and there was a table between us. The man sitting opposite me had his bag on the table. There was no space on my side of the table at all. I was made rather angry. Maybe he thought that he owned the whole table! I took some newspapers out of my bag and put them on his. When I did this he sat up straight at once, opening his eyes wide. I had invaded his space! A few minutes later, I took my newspapers off his bag in order to read them. He at once moved his bag to his side of the table.
The question is: The English call their homes "castles" because   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:they don't make friend with others
B:they are very important persons
C:they don't want to stay with others
D:homes provide them with their own spaceWhat Should I Do?
One of the most popular items in the school newspaper advice column . No one know who writes it. The students think their teacher does, but it might be a student using a false name. The students enjoy thinking up problems for the advice column. Here are some of them and their answers.
ASK THE WISE OWL
Q: I'm always late for school. I try not to be, but I can't help it. Please advise me what to do.   Tommy.
A: You are probably late for school because you don't really like school. My advice to you is try and enjoy school more, then you won't be late so often.
Q: I find it difficult to make friends. What do you think I should do?  Sara.
A: I can't advise you until I know about you. Your problem may be that you are shy. On the other hand, it may be the opposite. You may be too bold . Write and tell me more about yourself.
Q: I'm always at the bottom of the class. What do you advise me to do? Molly.
A: I advise you to concentrate  on improving your grades in one subject to start with. If you can do this, you should move a little way up from the bottom. Next, try to improve your grades in another subject, and so on. If you concentrate on one subject at a time, by the end of the year you should be quite a long way up from the bottom in all your classes. The Wise Owl.
The question is: What's Tommy's problem?
The possible answers are:
A:He is always late for school.
B:He finds it difficult to make friends.
C:He is always at the bottom of the class.
D:He needs help with his homework.Once Mr King had a cat, and he loved it very much. He called it "Sky", because he thought "Sky" was the strongest name in the world.
One day he had a meal at a restaurant with his cat. He met his old friend. He told him about his lovely cat and its name. His friend said, "How foolish you are! Sky is not the strongest thing in the world. My cat is called 'Cloud' because cloud is stronger than sky." After hearing this, Mr King called his cat "Wind" because he thought wind was stronger than cloud.
After a few days he suddenly thought that "Wall" was stronger than wind. And "Mouse " was stronger than wall. So he went to his friend to ask for an idea. His friend said, "Don't you think 'Cat' is stronger than mouse?" "Yes, but..."
The man thought and thought and then decided his cat's name had better be "Cat" because a mouse was always afraid of a cat. Don't you think Mr King is very silly or funny?
The question is: He decided his cat's last name was   _   .
The possible answers are:
A:Mouse
B:Wall
C:Cloud
D:CatWhen you see the girl for the first time, you may think she is a boy. She is very outgoing . Who is she? Wang Meng, the Chinese top skater.
On the evening of February 26th, 2010, Wang Meng first got to the finishing line in 1 minute and 29.213 seconds in the women's 1000 meters short track speed skating final at the Vancouer Olympic Winter Games . After she succeeded in the 500-meter and 3000-meter races, she won her third gold medal this time. With this one China won four gold medals in the women's short track speed skating. That helped China first win the team gold medal in Winter Olympics history.
Just before the final race Wang Meng caught a bad cold and coughed terribly. With the words of "You can, you can do!" she won at last. She said, "I really feel these three gold medals belong to my team, to China. It was with the help of my team that I won the prize."
Though Wang Meng is only twenty-four, she has been the most successful Chinese skater. Chinese are proud of her and her team. We hope she will be faster in Sochi Olympics in 2014.
The question is: Which of the following is NOT true according to the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:Wang Meng is very outgoing like a boy.
B:Wang Meng is the most successful Chinese skater.
C:Chinese people are proud of Wang Meng and her team.
D:China has got the team gold medal twice in Winter Olympics history.Last summer Jenny and her friends had a bus trip to New York. She felt very relaxed on the way. They visited a museum. But it was really crowded there and the display  was not interesting at all. They went to different restaurants to have dinner. Some food was quite delicious, but Jenny thought the fast food was awful. When the weather was fine, they went to the beach to swim. The sea was beautiful, and they had a good time.
The question is: They visited   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:a museum
B:a Beijing Hutong
C:the White House
D:the parkWe all need to exercise.Doctors say it is good for us.It makes our heart and body strong.It also gives you more energy .And you will feel better about yourself.It's good to exercise twice a week.Twenty minutes each time is enough.
There are many ways to exercise.You can walk,run,play sports or swim.Many people go to special places to exercise.They are called "fitness centers ".These places have a lot of equipments .People can do different sports there.Some people buy equipments for their homes.But it is very expensive.
Exercising can be fun.Friends can exercise together at a fitness center,or they can play sports together.How do you exercise? How often do you exercise?
The question is: It's good to exercise  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:every day
B:20 minutes a week
C:twice a week
D:twice a monthYou are going to high school , aren't you ? Maybe you don't know what to do . Here is a list of the top six things to do when you are in high school . These things will give you ideas of what  your high school life could be like . Here you go !
1Find your passion  and what kind of person you are : Whether it's dance ,basketball ,or drawing ,the important thing is that you have found something you are interested in .
2 Talk to people you wouldn't usually talk to : Meet new people ,find new friends and even talk to the people you don't like. It will show what a great person you are . You never know what will happen after high school.
3Take part in at least one contest: This will give you tears of laughter, happiness and memories .
4Get a job : This will help you see what it's like to have responsibility( ) . It can also help you make a little money to spend on yourself .
5Take a trip with your friends :It doesn't matter where you go or what you do , the memories will happen on the way and go on till the final place .
6Do your best at school : Don't ever get lazy . Working hard now will help you in the future.
The question is: Which of the following you'd better not do according to the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:find your interest.
B:get a job
C:take a trip with your friends
D:get lazyThe computers changed our lives in the 1980s, the Internet changed our lives in the 1990s, and the robots will change our lives in the new century.
Do you think there will be robots in people's homes? It's not a dream that every home will have a robot.
Now, robots are not only able to help people do the housework, they can also help the doctors do the difficult operations, play chess with people, play the piano and so on.
A new cooking robot is used in Beijing. It can cook all the dishes on the menu, you only need to wait two to four minutes, in the future, the robot will be a nurse, a security guard, or a partner in your life.
Experts  believe robots will be used everywhere from the industrial( ) robots to service robots. In the future, robots will become part of the family, and provide else service for people. We all look forward to the new robot age.
The question is: Experts believe robots will be used  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:only in a hospital
B:only in a filmily
C:only in a factory
D:everywhereIn learning English, one should first pay attention to listening and speaking.It is the groundwork of reading and writing.You'd better try your best to speak while you do much listening.Don't be afraid of making mistakes.But be careful not to let them stop you from improving your English.While you are doing this, a good way is to write---keep a diary, write notes or letters, and then if you can, ask someone else to go through what you have written and tell you what is wrong.Many mistakes in your speaking will be easily found when you write.Through correcting the mistakes, you can do better in learning English.
If you are slow in speaking, don't worry.One of the helpful ways is reading, either aloud or to yourself.The important thing is to choose something interesting to read.It mustn't be too difficult for you.When you are reading in this way, don't stop to look up the words if you can guess their meanings, or they have nothing important to do with the sentence.You can look them up later.
The question is: One of the good ways to find your mistakes in your speaking is to  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:speak as much as possible
B:write notes or letters
C:ask some Americans to speak with you
D:read more English booksHalloween is a festival on October 31st.The name of the holiday means --"hallowed" because it comes the day before All Saints Day.
Before the festival, people paint homes, shops and classrooms in the traditional Halloween colours, orange and black. Some people make costumes at home. Some people buy them in shops. People also make decorations for the festival. These decorations look like witches, black cats, ghosts, skeletons and jack-o-lanterns. Jack-o- lanterns are pumpkins that are cut to look like faces.
People think that Halloween is the children's New Year's Eve. On that day children dress up in special costumes and masks. They eat too much, and go to bed very late after celebrating. They go from one door to another saying "trick or treat". People give them candies,cookies,fruit or money.
Adults and older children also celebrate Halloween with parades  ,festivals and costumes parties. One kind of the parties welcomed by children is dunking for apples. Apples are put in tubs  full of water. People try to get the apples using only their mouths; they cannot use their hands.
The question is: Which of the following statement is NOT right?
The possible answers are:
A:Jack-o-lanterns are pumpkins that are cut to look like faces.
B:Adults also celebrate Halloween together with children.
C:Adults give the children candies, cookies, fruit or money as a treat.
D:People can get the apples using their hands.On Children's Day 2004,Hong Kong held an interesting activity.In this activity,children and their parents played the rich and the poor.In the dinner,the rich could have delicious food,but the poor could only have bread with porridge.
Parents all hoped to have the dinner for the poor with their children.They hoped that their children could be taught a lesson from the dinner.
Now many people on earth don't have enough food or clothing.Every day only half of the world could enjoy enough food.
The activity was held to make the families understand the differences between the poor and the rich and also make parents know that too much material life won't always do good to the children.
The question is: From the activity,parents knew  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:the poor wanted to be rich
B:the rich wanted to have the life of the poor
C:the poor were different from the rich
D:the rich could have better care from the schoolHello! I'm Tom Green. I'm English. This is my mother. Her first name is Mary. This is my father. His first name is Steve. My phone number is seven six zero, nine one seven six. Li Lei is my friend. His English name is Paul. He is Chinese. His phone number is two eight one, five two four eight. Look at the photo. Who is that in the photo? It' s my cousin. His name is Eric. He is a middle school student.
The question is: Tom' s phone number is   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:760-9176
B:687-9716
C:706-9671
D:607-9176Once a baby cries, the parents will go to see what happened as soon as possible. According to a new study, a baby's cry can make adults react  very quickly, even if they are not related.
Oxford University researchers used the classic game whack-a-mole for the study.  Whack-a-mole  requires people to hit one of nine buttons  . The players must react as quickly as they can to whichever of the buttons lights up at random . It is a game that requires speed and accuracy ( ).
The study included 40 men and women volunteers aged 19 to 59. Some of them had sons or daughters but none had a baby at the time. They played whack-a-mole after listening to different sounds, including babies crying, the crying of adults in trouble and birdsong played at a similar pitch to the babies' cries.
The volunteers' scores were higher after listening to the sound of crying babies. Men and women had similar scores overall. The results showed that a crying baby gets special attention.
"Few sounds make people react quite like the cry of a baby," said Morten Kringelbach of Oxford's psychiatry  department, who led the study. "For example, it's almost impossible to ignore(,) crying babies on planes. This is true even though there are so many other noises around."
He added that a baby's cry can increase adults' heart rate and blood pressure. This is understandable, because in the course of human evolution  , taking care of babies has always been an important job for adults. When a baby is hungry or feeling bored or unwell, it will cry. As a result, human brains and bodies develop a special reaction to a baby's cry.
The question is: According to the passage, a baby's cry   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:has the same pitch as birdsong
B:is the noisiest sound there is
C:can increase adults' heart rate and blood pressure
D:is good for its healthI didn't feel well when I woke up yesterday morning. My throat hurt and _ . I also felt hot. My mother said I had a bad cold. I didn't want to get up, so she let me stay in bed all day. I don't usually like being in bed during the day, but I like it yesterday. I listened to the music and read a magazine. I slept a lot. I had all my meals in bed, though I didn't want to eat much. I had just soup and toast for lunch and some rice and chicken for dinner. By evening I was beginning to feel better. I asked my mother if I could get up and watch television but she said no. Today I feel much better, so I didn't stay in bed. I didn't go to school again, though. I'll go tomorrow if I feel well enough.
The question is: The passage is probably from   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:a student's diary
B:an ad in newspaper
C:a student's plan
D:a teacher's notebookThe greatest sales woman in the world today doesn't mind if you call her a girl. That's because Markita Andrews made more than $80,000 by selling cookies when she was 13 years old.
Andrews and her mother shared a dream of traveling around the world. Once while reading a magazine ad, Andrews found that the person who sold the most cookies could win a free trip for two around the world. She decided to give it a try.
To make her dream come true, Andrews went door to door every day after school and repeated, "Hi, I have a dream. I'm earning a trip around the world for my mom and me by selling cookies. " Then she asked," Would you like to buy one or two dozen boxes of cookies?"
Andrews kept asking for a whole year, no matter how heavily it was raining or snowing outside. Her hard work _ She sold 42,000 boxes of cookies that year and she won her trip around the world.
Andrews is no smarter than thousands of other people. The key to her success is that she has found the secret of selling: Ask, Ask, Ask! Many people fail before they even begin because they fail to ask for what they want.
It takes courage to ask for what you want. And , as Andrews has discovered, the more you ask, the easier ( and more fun) it gets.
,.
The question is: How old was Andrews when she made more than $80,000?
The possible answers are:
A:She was 13 years old then.
B:After she and mother travelled around the world.
C:Before she sold cookies.
D:When she was making cookies in the street.LONDON (Reuters) -- British milkman Steve Leech, who saved several shops and flats by putting out a fire with 320 pints of milk, was celebrating Thursday after winning a national bravery award.
Leech, 35, named "Hero Milkman" by the National Dairymen's Association, said that he had noticed smoke coming out of a shop in Cornwall, southern England, while delivering   milk as usual a year ago.
"I saw the flats up above and thought I'd better do something. So I kicked the door in and started pouring milk everywhere," Lee told Reuters Thursday.
"When firemen arrived, the fire was almost out," he said. Firemen said he had helped save the lives of eight people living in the flats above the shops.
" _ . But it was even harder trying to explain to my boss where all the milk had gone."
The question is: Leech was awarded the prize for his   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:hard work
B:brave behaviour
C:invention
D:patriotic behaviourMy grandfather is a teacher. He is the head teacher of a school for boys between the ages of thirteen and eighteen. I know that he is a kind man, because he gives me presents , and let me sit on his knees , and tells me stories. But I believe  the boys at his school are afraid of him. At school, when he walks into a room full of boys, they will be quiet at once . When he looks at a boy with a certain look in his eyes, that boy's face goes red, and looks down at his shoes. If a boy brings careless work, my grandfather will pick up the boy's book and throw  it across the room, shouting , "Do it all again, and bring it back the first thing in the morning!" if the boy is late, or if he forgets to bring the work, he has to do it again, and again and yet again.
The question is: When he looks at a boy in a certain way, that boy   _
The possible answers are:
A:goes red in the face and could not return my grandfather's look.
B:looks back at my grandfather's red face
C:looks at his shoes to see if they are dirty.
D:goes red in the face because his shoes are dirty.Milk is the most complete food in the world. It has many things that we need to help us grow. It can give us energy and good health. Milk is a food enjoyed by people of all ages as we can easily _ it.
Milk is produced by all mother animals to feed their babies after they are born. Some such as cows produce more milk than their young ones need, so the extra milk is used by people. Nowadays, baby cows are often taught to eat solid food earlier, so that we can use most of the cow's milk. A cow can produce as much as 45 liters of milk a day. She will give good milk if she is fed on rich grass. Many products can be made from cow's milk. The simplest is cream, which is made from the fat of the milk. Butter is made from cream. Cream is also used for making cakes and other foods. Another common milk product is cheese. Cow's milk can be also turned into powdered milk.
In countries where cows are not raised, people get milk from other animals. The buffalo gives milk to the people of India. In China, Iran and Turkey, a large number of sheep and goats are kept for their milk. And many Arabs drink camel's milk. For babies, however, the best of all is their mother's milk which is given to them during their first few months of life.
The question is: Which of the following is NOT true according to the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:People can use as much as 45 liters of milk a day.
B:Milk is a completely good food for people's health
C:Many other foods can be made with the products of milk
D:Mothers' milk is the best food for babies in their early months.There are about 7,000,000 people in London. London is one of the big cities in the world. London is famous for many things. People from all over the world come to see the famous buildings. There is a famous clock called Big Ben, too.
Like many big cities, the _ is very busy in London. When the work hours begin, over 1,000,000 people use the London underground , but there are still too many buses and cars on the streets. The air isn't clean.
For me, the best things about London are the parks. There are five in the middle of the city. But my children's favorite is playing in Hamleys, the biggest toy  shop in the world.
,,.
The question is: What do people from the world come to London to see?
The possible answers are:
A:The parks.
B:The people.
C:The famous buildings.
D:The animalsThere is an old man living with his granddaughter. Every morning the old man goes out for a walk in the park and comes home at half past twelve for lunch.
But one morning a police car stops outside the house at twelve. One of the policemen says , "The old man can't find his way home in the park and call us for help, so we bring him home ."
The old man's granddaughter is very surprised ,but she thanks the policemen and they leave.
"But my grandfather," the granddaughter asks, "You go to the park every day for twenty years. How can't you find your way home ?"
The old man smiles, "I'm just tired and don't want to walk home."
The question is: What time does the old man get home from the park every day ?
The possible answers are:
A:At 11:30
B:At 12:00
C:At 12:30
D:At 13:00Lots of kids hate school, a new study found. Usually this kind of feeling doesn't last long. School is a fact of life and getting a good education can help you build the kind of future life you want. So let's talk about school and what to do when you don't like it.
The first step is to find out why. You might not like school because you don't have enough friends, or maybe you don't get along with your teachers. Sometimes it's a big problem with your classes and school work. You may be getting further and further behind, and it may seem like you'll never catch up.
When you know why you don't like school, you can start taking steps to make things better. It's a good idea to talk to someone about your problems with school. Your mom, dad, or teachers will be able to help you. Another good idea is to write down your feelings about school in a notebook. It's a great way to let out emotion . Remember, you don't have to share what you've written with others.
And here are some ways to give you the best first day of school. The night before school starts, you can do something quiet and peaceful to calm yourself down, like reading a book with your parents, taking a walk or taking a photo of your smiling face. By doing these, you will have a nice day at school.
The question is: If a student wants to like school again, what's the first step?
The possible answers are:
A:To get along with teachers.
B:To catch up with others.
C:To find out the reasons.
D:To make more friends.One afternoon, my son came home from school and asked me, "Are all people the same even if their skin color is different?" I thought for a moment, then I said, "I'll explain. Let's go to a fruit store first. I have something interesting to show you."
At the store, I told him that we needed to buy apples. And we bought some red apples, green apples and yellow apples.
After we got home, I told Adam, "It's time to answer your question." I put one of each type of apple on the table: first a red apple, followed by a green apple and then a yellow apple. Then I looked at Adam, who was sitting on the other side of the table.
"Adam, people are just like apples. They come in different colors, shapes and sizes. See, some may not even look as delicious as others." As I was talking, Adam was examining each one carefully.
Then, I took each of the apples and peeled them, placing them back on the table, but in a different place.
"OK, Adam, tell me which one is the red apple, the green apple and the yellow apple."
He said, "I can't tell. They all look the same now."
"Take a bite  of each one. See if that helps you tell which one is which."
He took big bites, and then a huge smile came across his face. "People are just like apples! They are all different, but if you take off the outside, they're pretty much the same on the inside."
"Right," I agreed. "Just like everyone has their own features but they are nearly the same."
He completely got it. I didn't need to say or do anything else.
Now, when I eat an apple, it tastes a little sweeter than before. What perfect fruit it is!
The question is: I took Adam to buy apples for  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:supper
B:his question
C:a party
D:a presentMy friend Jack is a taxi driver. He has done this job for ten years. It's a nice job most of the time. He can meet a lot of people every day. He always works late into the night because there are lots of people calling his taxi during the night. He usually goes home after two o'clock in the morning. There are some very strange things, which often happen at night.
One day Jack was taking a young lady back home from a party at three o'clock in the morning. She had her little dog with her. When they got to her house, she found that she had lost her key. So Jack waited in the taxi with the dog while she climbed into her house through the window. Jack waited for about half an hour outside, but the young lady didn't show up . So he decided to find out what was going on. He tied the dog to a tree and started to climb in through the window.
At that moment some policeman came. They thought Jack was a thief  who wanted to get into the house to steal  things. Luckily, the young lady came downstairs. She must have gone to sleep and forgotten about my friend and the dog.
The question is: What did Jack do when the young lady climbed into her house?
The possible answers are:
A:He waited in the taxi.
B:He drove his taxi away.
C:He called the police.
D:He talked with others.As a child, Alain Robert was afraid of height. One day, when he was 12, he returned home from school. At the front door of his building, he looked for his keys. He didn't have them. It was 3.30 p.m. and his parents worked until 6.00 p.m. Alain looked at his apartment on the eighth floor. He saw an open window. He closed his eyes and imagined   himself climbing the building. When he opened his eyes, he told himself,"I can do it."Fifteen minutes later, he was in his house and his fear   of height was gone.
Today Alain still climbs buildings. In 2003, he climbed a building in London dressed as Spiderman   to advertise the movie. In 2004, he climbed Taipei 101(one of the tallest buildings in the world). To reach the top of a building, Alain uses only his hands and special shoes. He has no rope or other safety tools.
Alain climbs as a hobby. He also does it to raise money for _ (for poor children and the homeless).When he climbs, he wants to send a massage to people. If you have a dream----something you really want to do, it can become real. But you must be brave and keep trying. If something bad happens, don't give up. Close your eyes and tell yourself, "I can do it."
The question is: What can you learn from this passage?
The possible answers are:
A:We must learn to climb tall buildings.
B:If we have a dream, we must be brave and hold on to it.
C:If we say "I can do it", we can climb tall buildings.
D:We must climb tall buildings to raise money for charity.Early to bed and early to rise makes a man healthy, wealthy and wise.
This is an old English saying  . It means that we should go to bed early at night and get up early in the morning. If we do, we shall be healthy. We shall also be rich and clever.
Is this true? Perhaps it is. The body must have enough sleep. Children of your age need ten hours' sleep every night. If you go to bed late, you can't have enough sleep. Then you can't think carefully and your homework will be wrong. You will not be wise and you may not become wealthy!
Some people go to bed late at night and get up late in the morning. This is not good for them. We should sleep at night when it is dark. The dark helps us sleep well. When the daylight comes, we should get up. This is the time for exercise. If the body is not used, it will become weak. Exercise keeps it strong.
Exercise helps the blood   to move around inside the body. Blood takes nutrition   to all parts of our bodies. The brains   in our heads also need blood. We think with our brains. If we keep our bodies healthy, and take exercise, we can think better!
Our bodies also need air to breathe  . Without air we will die. Get up early in the morning and we can have plenty of clean, fresh air. That will keep us healthy and happy.
,.
The question is: If you want to make your body strong, you should   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:exercise often
B:have enough sleep
C:go to bed early
D:get up earlyHere are some tips about how to keep healthy.
1. Healthy food is important. If you want to keep healthy, eat lots of fruit and vegetables. Don't eat much meat.
2. Water is important. Drink water every day. Milk is good for you, too. Don't drink sweet drinks.
3. Exercise is important. You can ride your bike or play soccer. Going swimming is a good idea.
4. Clean air is important. If you are free, you can go to the park and enjoy clean air.
5. Your teeth are important. You should brush your teeth twice a day.
6. Sleep is important, too. Go to bed early. Don't stay up late, or you will feel sleepy.
The question is: We should brush our teeth  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:once a day
B:twice a day
C:three times a day
D:every dayAttention! Students ! Beach party comes ! We are going to have an outdoor party at the National Park on July 15.
Activities: 1. Ride bikes from the Student Center to the beach.
2. A picnic on the beach.
3. Swimming and sailing contests. 
What to bring: sun cream, sunglasses, hats, swimsuits, hiking shoes and personal items.
Deadline for signing up : Sunday, July 8
Fee: 200 per person.
Meet at the Student Center at 10:00 am, July 15
P. S:All the food will be offered by the Students' Union.
The question is: Students don't need to bring   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:swimsuits
B:sunglasses
C:food
D:hiking shoesA bus stops at a small bus stop. A man is hungry and he wants to buy some cakes. It's raining  hard, he doesn't want to go out in the rain. He sees a boy. "Come here, boy!" he cries. "Do you know how much the cakes are?" The boy says yes. The man gives the boy four dollars  and asks him to buy two cakes. "One is for you and one is for me." Three minutes later, the boy comes back. He's eating a cake. He gives the man two dollars and says: "Sorry, there is only one cake left."
The question is: The man doesn't want to go out because  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:he is tired
B:he doesn't like rain
C:he is hungry
D:it's raining hardTom walks into a shop. It has a sign outside: " Second hand clothes bought and sold ." He is carrying an old pair of trousers and asks the owner of the shop. " How much will you give me for these?" The man looks at them and then says, " Two dollars." " What!" says Tom, " I think they are worth  at least five."
"No," says the man, "They aren't worth a cent  more than two dollars."
" Well," says Tom. Taking two dollars out of his pocket, " Here's your money. These trousers are hanging   outside your shop. The list price of them is six dollars and a half. But I think that is too much money, so I want to find out how much they are really worth."
Before the shop owner can think of anything, Tom walks out of the shop with the pair of trousers.
The question is: At first the owner of the shop   _   for the old trousers.
The possible answers are:
A:will give Tom two dollars
B:will pay three dollars
C:will pay five dollars
D:will give Tom six dollars and a halfA young American doctor is asleep when his doorbell rings. It is late at night, but he has to put on his coat to answer it.
It is a man! He is standing with a hat in his hand. "How do you do?" says the man.
"Can you go with me now to a place out of the town? It is quite far from here, but I know you have a car and I can show you the way."
"Certainly," says the doctor, "I can go with you now."
The car is at the front door. The man gets into the doctor's car and they drive off.
They drive for a long time, and finally the man says, "Here we are. This is my home. Now I give you money and you may go back."
"But I must see the patient ," the doctor says. "How can I go back without seeing the patient?"
"There's no patient," says the man, "nobody is ill. I live here. There is no taxi at this time, but a doctor often goes out for night calls . So, excuse me. Here is your money. Thank you, doctor. Good night!"
The question is: Why does the man come to see the doctor so late at night?
The possible answers are:
A:Because someone is badly ill.
B:Because he is too tired.
C:Because he wants the doctor to drive him home.
D:Because he wants to go to a place out of the town.One night Mr White left his car outside his house as usual. But when he came down the next morning to go to his office, he found that his car wasn't there. He called the police and told them what had happened.
When Mr White came home from his office that evening, his car was back again at his usual place in front of his house. He checked it carefully to see whether it had been broken, but found two tickets and a letter on one of his seats. The letter said, "We're very sorry. We took your car because we had all emergency ."
Mr and Mrs White went to the cinema with the tickets that evening and enjoyed themselves very much. When they came back from the cinema, they found that thieves had taken almost everything away from their house.
The question is: Mr White's car appeared again   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:in the evening after he came back from his work
B:after they came back from the cinema
C:the next afternoon after he lost his car
D:the next morningThere are about fifteen hundred languages in the world. But only a few of them are very important. English is one of them. Many, many people use it, not only in England and the USA, but also in other parts of the world. About 200,000,000 people speak it as their own language. It is difficult to say how many people are learning it as a foreign language. Many millions of people are trying to do so. Is it easy or difficult to learn English? Different people may have different answers. Have you ever noticed ads  of this kind in the newspapers or magazines? "Learn English in six weeks, or give your money back..." "Easy and funny..." "Our records and tapes help you master English in a month". Of course, it never happened quite like that.
The only language that seems easy to learn is the mother tongue. We should remember that we all learned our own language well when we were children. If we could learn English in the same way, it would not seem so difficult. Think of what a small child does. He listens to what people say. He tries what he hears.
So it is hard to say that learning English is easy. We must do a lot of practice. And practice needs great efforts and takes much time. Good teachers, record, tapes, books, and dictionaries will be helpful, but they cannot do the student's work for him.
The question is: How does the writer like the ads in the newspapers or magazines?
The possible answers are:
A:He thinks the ads very expensive.
B:He thinks the ads are true.
C:It never happened quite like what the ads said.
D:He believes" Learn English in six weeks, or give your money back".Emma and Hannah are 13-year-old school girls from Minnesota, USA. They are good at making new things and both of them are also good at sales. They are selling charms   made out of bottle caps.
The girls came up with the idea last summer when they saw charms were popular with kids. They talked with their parents about the idea. Since then they have sold enough charms to buy a bike for Hannah.
The girls collect bottle caps and then clean them. They find some interesting pictures on the Internet or on paper, and then glue them onto the inside of the caps. There are different kinds of pictures. "Peace signs are popular with girls, and single-letter charms are popular with boys whose names start with those letters," Emma and Hannah said.
Now, charms can be found everywhere at Dakota Hills Middle School in Eagan. "Students put charms on purses, backpacks, and their lunchboxes," said Emma. Emma and Hannah also have a shop on the Internet. They hope they can sell their charms to more kids. They're thinking about selling their charms at the Eagan Market Festival next summer.
Their business is not only for getting money. At their Valentine's sale, 20% of the income   went to charity.
The question is: Which of the following may NOT be on the charms?
The possible answers are:
A:Pictures.
B:Signs.
C:Letters.
D:Numbers.Vanilla is my best friend. She is a lovely girl with two big, beautiful eyes. But she always hides them behind a pair of black glasses.
One day, though, I nearly ended our friendship. I remember that day clearly. We were sitting in class. The teacher was giving us our results for a Chinese test. I had done badly. I felt so sad that I wouldn't talk to anyone. At lunchtime, I even stayed in the classroom alone. Suddenly, I heard a voice. It was Vanilla. "You look very unhappy," she said. "What's wrong?" I looked up at her, but said nothing. I knew Vallina had got a good mark in the test. I thought she was making fun of me. I stayed silent , but Vallina didn't go away. She kept asking me questions: "Is it because of the exam? Do you want me to show you the right answers?" I looked away from her. When I looked up again, Vanilla had gone. And so had my exam paper! I didn't know what to do. I looked everywhere for me paper, but couldn't find it.
In the afternoon, Vanilla came up to my desk and gave me my exam paper back. I looked at it and got a big surprise. Vanilla had written the right answer next to every one of my mistakes. My face went red. Vanilla had been trying to help me all along. How mean I had been to her when she was being so nice. I wanted to hug  her, but all I did was to hold her hands and say, "Thank you." That afternoon, Vanilla and I walked home together. I felt so happy that I had to thank her again. We were still best friends.
The question is: The writer felt sad because   _   in the Chinese test.
The possible answers are:
A:she got a good mark
B:Vanilla had done better than her
C:she didn't have a good mark
D:the teacher was angry with herOne day , Mr. Jackson  took Paul to his favorite restaurant. It was a French restaurant. The  waiter was from France, but he didn't speak to them in French.  "Would you like to see menu?" , he asked in a kind way. "Yes, please,"  Mr. Jackson said.
The  waiter gave them a menu each. They studied them. " You can spend only twenty-five dollars," Mr. Jackson told his son. The  waiter  asked  Paul," What would you like, young man?"
"How much is the tomato soup?" Paul asked.
" Six dollars," the waiter said." It's very good."
"How much is  the duck with orange?" Paul asked next.
"Fifteen dollars," the waiter said.
"How much is the chocolate ice cream?"
"Six dollars," the waiter said.
Paul added it up quickly. Six plus fifteen plus six is twenty-seven. He thought  he could have the duck and the soup, or the duck and ice cream." I'll have the duck and the chocolate ice cream, please," he said to the waiter.
Paul said to his father, "My meal will cost only twenty-one dollars. Can I keep the other four dollars? His father laughed."No, Paul," he  said ,"leave it for the waiter."
The question is: How much did Paul's meal cost?
The possible answers are:
A:$ 21
B:$ 24
C:$ 25
D:$27The Blacks are American tourists. They visits now in Beijing. This is their first visit to China. They are going to stay in China for three months. They want to visit some big cities and villages. They hope to learn some Chinese, too.
Mr Black is a taxi driver. He likes to drive in Beijing. Mrs Black is a school teacher. She is visiting a city school today and a village school tomorrow. Their daughter is a middle school student. She is going to meet some Chinese students.
They are taking a lot of pictures in China. When they return to America, they are going to show the pictures to their friends. They want the American people to know more about China.
The question is: Why are they going to show the pictures to their friends when they go back to America?
The possible answers are:
A:Because the pictures are very beautiful.
B:Because they like China.
C:Because they want the American people to know more about China.
D:Because they want the American people to come to China.I' m Eric. Welcome to our classroom. You can see a nice classroom. A blackboard  is on the wall. A map of China and a map of the world are on the wall, too. The map of China is old. But the map of the world is new. There is a teacher's desk. An eraser and a ruler are on it.
There are two doors in the wall. Some brooms  and a football are behind the door. Fifty desks and chairs are in our classroom. They are our desks and chairs. That is a bookcase. And some books are in it. The students can read them after class but can't _ any of them out.
Some flowers are near the window. They are red. We like our classroom. We like our class, too.
The question is: _   are on the wall.
The possible answers are:
A:A blackboard
B:A blackboard and a map
C:A map of China
D:A blackboard and two mapsIn today's world many people seem to be hungry for money. Money does have its most useful effect on the poor. But once a person has a rich life, a lot more money doesn`t mean more happiness.
If money were everything, all millionaires  would have real love, true friendship, good health and a long life. However, this is not always true .But can love be bought ?I`m afraid not . Love means to give , not to take . To every person , health and long life are probably the most precious things . Well , can health and a long life be bought with money ? The answer is "No".
Of all the longest living people in the world, few of them are millionaires. True friendship can't be bought, either. In a word, where money is dreamed too much, it can cause brothers to quarrel, marriage to end, lovers to hate, and strangers to fight. No matter how much money you have, it is still not enough to make a happy person if you have no one to laugh with, no one to cry for.
,.
The question is: In fact , few of millionaires   _
The possible answers are:
A:have much money
B:have the longest living
C:love their money
D:have true loveBorn in Ghana,West Africa,in 1989,Freddy Adu has become one of the most promising young soccer players in the world.Soccer fans have been crazy about him since 2003,when he became the youngest player to join a professional sports team in the United States.The next year,he became the youngest athlete ever to play in an allstar game,a match in which the best players from many professional teams compete.
As a child,Adu did what many children in Ghana love to do--play soccer.His mother recognized her son's talentand encouraged it by providing soccer balls,which were expensive for them.Since he had soccer balls,other children always came looking for him and played together.
Education was very important to Adu's mother,and she wasn't sure that her son could receive a good education in Ghana.So she tried hard and moved to Maryland,U.S. in 1997,when he was eight years old.His new school friends soon noticed his talent for soccer,and the parents of one friend encouraged him to join a soccer club.This was his first time playing organized soccer,and he helped his team from the Potomac Soccer Association win a tournament in Italy in 2000.One professional Italian team was so impressed by Adu that they offered him $750,000 to play for them.Adu's mother refused the offer and thought that her eleven-year-old son needed to finish school first.
Adu did finish high school at the age of 14.Nowadays,he is playing professional soccer and living with his mother in a house he bought for her.His salary with the D.C. United team is $500,000 a year,and Adu is also paid to advertise products such as sports shoes and drinks.Adu is happy that his mother no longer has to work at two jobs,and his fans are happy that they can watch him play their favourite sport for many years to come.
The question is: Adu's mother helped him develop his talent by   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:making him play soccer every day
B:finding him a soccer coach
C:offering him soccer balls
D:making him join the school teamIn the USA, about 450,000 school buses take more than 25 million children to and from school. The yellow school bus is a US icon  . Yellow became the color of school buses in the USA in 1939. Dr. Frank got the good idea. He said it was easy for people to see yellow buses and the black letters on them in early morning or late afternoon. That would make children safer.
There are not many school buses in Britain, and they are not yellow. They have trackers   on them, so children are being tracked while they travel to and from school by bus. The trackers let parents know where the school bus is and whether their kids are on the bus.
Kindergarten   is a difficult time for some kids. It's the first time for them to go away from their parents. To make kids love their school, Japanese kindergartens and schools have colorful buses. The buses can easily make children want to take them to go to school. Even some parents want to take them, too!
School buses are becoming more and more popular in China now. It saves a lot of time for students to go to school.
,.
The question is: Which of the following sentences is NOT true?
The possible answers are:
A:Japanese Kindergarten and schools have colorful buses.
B:In China, school buses are becoming more and more popular.
C:The school buses in Britain are yellow, too.
D:There are not many school buses in Britain.In England ,people don't often talk to each other when they travel. If you get on a bus or a train. you can see people sitting and looking out of the window. Other people may read books or newspapers.
When you meet English people, they often start a conversation by talking about the weather . So when you meet somebody in England, you can say, "Nice weather for the time of the year!"
"But it was a little cold yesterday, "somebody may answer.
"But it will get a bit warmer later,"you can say.
Talking like this, they will think,"How friendly you are!"
The question is: English people   _  on the bus.
The possible answers are:
A:often talk a lot
B:never talk to each other
C:read newspapers
D:never looking out of the window.When William Stidger taught at Boston University, he once thought about the people he hadn't thanked in his life. They taught him, encouraged him or cared a lot about him.
One was a teacher. She once taught William geography, and William loved geography all his life. So he wrote a letter of thanks to her.
He got the teacher's letter later. It began, "My dear Willie." He was very happy. Now over 50, he didn't think someone would call him "Willie". Here is that letter.
My dear Willie,
I can't tell you how much your letter meant to me. I am in my eighties, living alone in a small room and cooking my own meals. You will be interested to know that I taught school for 50 years and yours is the first letter of appreciation I ever got. It came on a cold morning and it made me feel very warm.
...
William cried when he read the letter. She was one of the people that William hadn't thanked in his past. She helped him to believe in himself. He would never forget her.
There are some people we should always remember, because they helped to shape our life. William Stidger found a way to show his appreciation--he wrote them letters.
Who are some of the people that you need to say thank you to in your past? It may not be too late to say "Thanks".
The question is: How did William show his appreciation to the people that he hadn't thanked?
The possible answers are:
A:He called them.
B:He visited them.
C:He wrote them letters.
D:He sent them gifts.Lily has a pen friend in America. Her name is Alice. They write to each other every week. They tell each other about their lives. Here is a letter from Lily.
Dear Alice,
Thank you for your letter and telling me about your best friend. In this letter, I'm going to tell you about my friend. Her name is Cathy. She has long brown hair and blue eyes. She is the same age as me, but a little taller .She is always happy. We sit together in class and help each other with our homework. We always play together after school and play computer games for an hour. Cathy thinks quickly  and does better than me. She is learning to play the piano .I am learning to play the piano, too. We play together every day. It's fun. We always have a good time.
Please write to me soon.
Love,
Lily
The question is: How often does Lily write to Alice?
The possible answers are:
A:Every two weeks.
B:Every week.
C:Every day.
D:Every three weeks.Dear Addie,
Greetings from New Jersey, how is New Zealand? I'm very excited to have you as my pen pal. I guess it's my turn to tell you about myself.
First off, I live with my parents, two sisters, and our pet dog Brighty. Our town is called Whippangong. It is only about a half-hour away from New York City. My oldest sister, Ingrid, just turned 17, that means she now has a drive's license. She drives us to the mall. Do you have a mall near you in Te Awamutu? My other sister is 11 and her name is Lucy. I guess I would say that she is my best friend. We still fight, though. She rides horses and takes lessons every Saturday morning. I have to go with her sometimes, and that is truly the most boring thing in the world. Do you like horses?
I take tap dancing classes. I like to practice in the food store. The sound of my feet stepping on the hard floors echoes . I play scores in the fall; I'm on the swim team during the summer. I like swim, but I am really looking forward to diving this year. Next year I will start music lessons in school. I think I am going to play the piano.
Our house has eight rooms and a small backyard where every year we try to grow vegetables. We mostly get zucchini because the rabbits eat everything else. I guess rabbits don't like zucchini. I have a bike and mum allows me to ride up and down our street, but nowhere else. I hope that I will get to ride it to school someday. Right now I ride the crowed and yucky bus.
Well, that is enough about me for now. I look forward to hearing from you again soon. I hope your surfing lessons went well. And I hope your mum does let you learn to play the drums.
Write soon
Love,
Jessica
The question is: What might be Addie's problem?
The possible answers are:
A:She can't take surfing lessons.
B:She wants to play the drums.
C:There are no malls near her house.
D:She has no family.In America, just as in Europe, men usually open doors for women, and women always walk ahead of men into a room or a restaurant, unless the men have to be ahead of the ladies to choose the table, to open the door of a car or do some other things like the above. On the street, men almost always walk or cross the street on the closer side of the ladies to the traffic. But if a man walks with two ladies, he should walk between them. Then if the host   or hostess  or both of them come in a car to get their guest for dinner, the guest should sit at the front seat and leave the back seat though there is no people sitting on it.
,.
The question is: In America men usually   _   .
The possible answers are:
A:walk ahead of women
B:eat in a restaurant
C:walk behind women
D:drive a car to workOne morning, Mr Black was driving in the country and looking for a small hotel. When he saw an old woman on the side of the road, he stopped his car and said to the old woman, "I want to go to the Sun Hotel. Do you know it?"
"Yes," the old woman said,"I will show you the way." She got into Mr Black's car and they drove about twelve miles. When they came to a small house, the old woman said, "stop here!" Mr, Black stopped and looked at the house."But this isn't a hotel." He said to the old woman.
"No"the old woman answered, "This is my house. And I'll show you the way to the hotel. Turn round and go back nine miles. Then you'll see the hotel."
The question is: The writer wrote the story in order to  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:tellus a serious story
B:tell us a sad story
C:tell us to help others
D:tell us a jokeIt is a fine Sunday morning. There're many Young Pioneers in the park. They are having a good time . Some are playing games under a tree. Some are singing and dancing near the river. Some are running up the hill. Others are boating on the river. Where's Li Lei? He's sitting on a chair by the river. What is he doing? He's reading. Where are Lucy and Lily? They're on the meadow .What are they doing? They are running after a butterfly .They want to catch  it.
The question is: Who are in the park?  _
The possible answers are:
A:Some students and teachers.
B:Many old people.
C:Some young women.
D:Many Young Pioneers.Millions of stars are travelling about in space. A few form groups which travel together, but most of them travel alone.
And they travel through a universe which is so large that one star seldom comes near to another. For the most important part each star makes its journey in complete loneliness, like a ship on an empty ocean. The ship will be well over a million miles from its nearest neighbour. From this it is easy to understand why a star seldom finds another anywhere near it.
We believe, however, that some two thousand million years ago, another star wandering  through space, happened to come near our sun just as the sun and the moon raised its tides  on the earth, so this star must have raised tides on the surface of the sun. But they were very different from the small tides that are raised in our oceans; A large tidal  wave must have travelled over the surface of the sun, at last forming a mountain so high that we cannot imagine it. As the cause of the disturbance came nearer, so the mountain rose higher and higher. And before the star began to move away again, its tidal pull had become so powerful that this mountain was torn to pieces and thrown off small parts of itself into space.
These small pieces have been going round the sun ever since. They are the planets.
The question is: Most stars are   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:following a regular path in space
B:moving about without a fixed course
C:seldom wandering about in the universe
D:always travelling togetherA survey by baidu.com showed there were 16 million bloggers  . Xu Jinglei was one of the first famous people that the website sina .com. invited to open blogs.
The web log written by Xu Jinglei is now the world's most popular . Xu , an actress-turned -director, became famous overseas when she won a Best Director Award for the film. A  Letter From an Unknown Woman in 2004.
Her blog has broken the domestic   record  with more than 10 million visits .
Xu updates   her blog every other day . But if she feels very good she sometimes posts two or three articles in a day .
Visitors leave thousands of messages about each of her articles , praising   her open, free writing style, commenting   on films.
The question is: How many visitors does Xu's blog have ?
The possible answers are:
A:About 16 million .
B:About 36.82 million
C:2004
D:over 10 millionIs bicycling hard to learn? Different people have many different answers. It is strange enough that the same person may also have a different answer as time goes by.
Five years ago when I was in Junior Grade One, I got interested in bicycling because I thought my uncle was very cool when he rode his bike. He could ride a bike with only one wheel. He could also sit on the bike and keep it standing straight, without moving for a long time.
I thought it was easy to learn to ride a bike, so I decided to learn from my uncle. He told me how to ride. When I fell off the bike the first time, I was afraid to try again. It was too hard for me to learn. Then my uncle helped me by holding the bike for me and not to let go. With his help, I was able to ride longer and longer. "You can do it by yourself now, young boy!" I heard his voice far behind me.
The question is: Which of the following is RIGHT?
The possible answers are:
A:The writer was always brave when riding a bike.
B:Some people think bicycling is easy.
C:The writer found it easy to ride a bike all the time.
D:The writer's uncle wasn't much good at bicycling.There are four seasons in a year. They are spring, summer. autumn and winter.
Spring is a beautiful season. In spring, the trees turn green and the flowers come out. Everything looks new. We can have a trip in spring. Summer is a happy season. In summer, we can swim and eat lots of ice cream. Autumn is a
season. In autumn, some leaves on the trees turn yellow or red. Winter is a cold season. In some places, it snows and everything looks white. The children like playing with snow.
Winter is my favourite season. I like snow very much.
The question is: From the passage , we can    _    in winter.
The possible answers are:
A:play with snow
B:have a trip
C:eat ice cream
D:swimThe earth moves round the sun, and the moon moves round the earth. When our part of the earth turns to the moon, it is night.
The sun is much bigger than the moon. But sometimes the moon looks bigger than the sun, because it's much nearer to the earth.
The sun is very bright. It gives a very strong light. The moon looks quite bright,  too. But it doesn't give any light at all.
The moon looks much bigger and brighter than the stars. But actually the stars are much bigger and brighter than the moon. They look smaller than the moon because they're much farther away from us.
Read and choose the right answer
The question is: The stars  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:look much bigger than the moon
B:look much bigger than the sun
C:are a lot brighter than the moon, but they are not bigger than the moon
D:are much farther away from us than the moonWhen I was eleven years old, God gave me a gift of happiness and I had a carefree childhood in France.
One day, on my way home from school, a truck ran over me and my legs were cut off. As I lay there bleeding, I suddenly realized that I might have to live the rest of my life without legs. How depressed I was at that moment! But then I realized that depression won't get my legs back. So I decided not to waste my life feeling depressed. When my parents arrived at the hospital, they stood there quietly, looked so shocked and sad. I told them, "I've already accepted the fact. Now you also have to get used to this."
Ever since then, I often see my friends getting worried about little things: The buses comes late; they get bad grades on the tests and so on. But I just enjoy life.
I was lucky to realize that it is a waste of energy to pay attention to what you have lost, and that the key to happiness is to take pleasure in what you have. Sounds simple, doesn't it? So why are many people unhappy?
People often think happiness is based on what they achieve. "My whole life would improve if I had a new car." But when they get the car and what happens? For a whole week they are walking on air. Then they go right back to be unhappy.
Happiness is not a happening; it's a state of mind. Even though you have the whole world and you'll still be unsatisfied. And you have relatively little but feel full of joy. Happiness comes from mastering the art of enjoying and taking pleasure in what you already have.
The question is: The word "depressed" most probably means"  _  ".
The possible answers are:
A:sad and disappointed
B:painful and annoyed
C:smart and strong
D:calm and quietIt would be hard for a family to live on 300 yuan a month, wouldn't it?
That's how much Li Hua's family have to live on for a whole year. The world is now trying to help people like Li Hua to live better. From Tuesday until today, about 2,000 government leaders , scientists met in Shanghai to talk about stopping poverty  around the world. According to the United Nations, the poorest people in the world live on less than 8.5 yuan a day.
Most of those people live in African countries like Sierra Leone and Somalia. These countries often have wars and lots of diseases. Now, more than 1 billion people in the world live in poverty. The UN said that by 2015, that number should be cut in half.
To help China's poor people, the World Bank has given more than 37 billion yuan to help China build railways and schools and stop river pollution and deserts.
Many places in China's countryside, like Li Hua's home in Chongqing, are very poor. Li Hua, 13, lives with her mother, two grandparents and a 16-year-old brother in Chongqing. Her father is dead. The family make their living by planting crops. They have no TV, no electric fan and no telephone.
The question is: How many people will live in poverty by the year 2015?
The possible answers are:
A:About half a billion.
B:Over 1 billion.
C:More than 1 million.
D:About 1 billion.Peter Owen has been making wigs   since the 1980s. He has made wigs for the stars of more than seventy movies, including Tom Hanks inPhiladelphia, Johnny Depp in Sleepy Hollow, and Nicole Kidman in The Others. One of his biggest jobs so far has been designing the hair and make-up  for the three Lord of the Rings movies. He had just six weeks to design and make more than a hundred wigs, each one a different style, colour, shape and length.
The hair and make-up in a movie are just as important as the costumes  or the sets. Over the years, Peter has made actors look older, younger, healthy and sick. For one movie he even made a female actor look like a man!"What people don't realize about wigs is that we are not always making people more beautiful," he says. "Often we are covering up beauty and making them look ordinary."
All Peter's wigs are hand-made using human hair, so they look as real as possible. This also makes them very expensive--between US$4,500 and US$12,500 each! He knows he's done a good job when people don't realize the star of the movie is wearing a wig. So he was pleased when one newspaper said that Nicole Kidman had dyed  her hair dark brown for a movie. "It was a wig and no one knew that," he says.
The question is: What is Peter Owen's job?
The possible answers are:
A:An actor
B:A director
C:A wig maker
D:A managerWhen I was seven years old, my family made me an ant farm. First, we put clean sand in a thin glass box. Then we waited for the ants to arrive. After the ants were in the glass farm, they started to make tunnels . I was amazed that each one knew exactly what to do. Each had its own job.
On the fifth day a tragedy  happened. I put my face so close to the glass farm that I knocked it over. All the tunnels fell down. Although the ants remained alive after their earthquake, one by one began to die. I was scared as I watched them give up building their tunnels to carry the bodies to a corner the farm. My mother said that the ants were dying of sadness. They simply could not stand that their tunnels were gone.
Although much time has passed, I still think of that ant farm. Mom had hoped it would teach me about the natural world, but it taught me much more.
Over the years, I came to realize the importance of teamwork. Working together, the ants were able to make an amazing world for themselves. I also learned that they should be admired for their hard work.
But there was an even larger lesson that I did not realize until recently: Adversity  is a natural part of life, and must be accepted. Unlike the ants, we cannot give up when we are sad. We have to realize that if a tunnel is gone, we must build another.
Giving up, I say, is not a good choice.
The question is: What did the writer's family do for him when he was seven?
The possible answers are:
A:They built a farm of ants.
B:They bought a few ants.
C:They caught a lot of ants.
D:They found an ant city.There are two deaf  men in a small village. One is Mr. White and the other is Mr. Black. They live near to each other. They are good friends.
Mr. White and Mr. Black often talk together. They talk about all kinds of things. Sometimes they are worried about their hearing. But one thinks the other is much deafer.
One day Mr. Black comes to see Mr. White. Mr. White is sitting on a chair, He is having a rest. Mr. Black stops at the door and asks, "Can you hear me?" There is no answer. Mr. Black goes nearer and asks again, "Can you hear me?" Again he doesn't hear any answer. Mr. Black is quite pleased. Still he goes nearer and asks for the third time, "Can you hear me?" Still there is no answer. At last Mr. Black goes up to Mr. White and calls, "Now I know you are much deafer than me. You don't hear my questions." "I'm much deafer?" says Mr. White. "No, I answer you three times. But you do not hear my answer."
The question is: One day Mr. Black talks with Mr. White_.
The possible answers are:
A:in Mr. Black's house
B:in the street
C:at the door of Mr. White's house
D:happilyThere was an old pear tree in a man's garden. In the past, tie tree fruited every year, .so the man would get many pears. But now, the tree got old. There were no more pears for the man. So the ungrateful  man decided to cut the tree down. When he walked toward the tree with an axe  in his hand, the tree said to him, "Please don't cut me down. I had so many pears for you in the past years. Now I will die soon. I only have a short time to live. Please don't kill a dying tree that has done so much for you."
"I'm sorry. I have to do so," the man said, "because I need wood to make a chair." Then he began to wave  his axe. At that moment, a bird in the old tree shouted at him, "Don't cut it down! Every time you go out and your wife  feels lonely, she will come out to the garden and sit under the tree to enjoy its cool shade  , and I sing songs to make her happy. We give much joy to your wife when you are away from home."
The man didn't listen to the bird and drove it away. Just when he was about to cut the tree, some bees flew out of it and said, "Listen! If you agree not to kill this tree, we will give you nice honey  every day. Would you please leave the tree with us?"
The man got moved . He said, "You are so kind to the tree, although  it has become old. Now I see that I shouldn't cut it down. It has done so much for me and my wife. Let the tree stay here, and let the bird _ its songs here." With these words, the man left. And the old tree lived there to its last day.
The question is: What can we learn from the story?
The possible answers are:
A:People should never be ungrateful.
B:Good wood comes from pear trees.
C:Old people are kind and friendly.
D:Birds and bees are always helpful.Several years ago, a television reporter was talking to three of the most important people in America. One was a very rich banker, another owned one of the largest companies in the world, and the third owned many buildings in the center of New York.
The reporter was talking to them about being important. "How do we know if someone is really important?" the reporter asked the banker. The banker thought for a few moments and then said," I think anybody who is invited to the Whiter House to meet the President of the United States is really important. "
The reporter then turned to the owner of the very large company. "Do you agree with that?" she asked. The man shook his head, "No. I think the President invites a lot of people to the White House. You'd only be important if while you were visiting the President, there was a telephone call from the president of another country, and the President of the US said he was too busy to answer it. "
The reporter turned to the third man. "Do you think so?" "No, I don't." he said. "I don't think that makes the visitor important. That makes the President important. " "Then what would make the visitor important?" the reporter and the other two men asked.
"Oh, I think if the visitor to the White House was talking to the President and the phone rang, and the President picked up the receiver, listened and then said, "It's for you."
The question is: There are   _   in this passage.
The possible answers are:
A:two men and two women
B:three men and one woman
C:three women and one man
D:four womenGabriel Garcia Marquez , who was awarded the Nobel Prize for Literature in 1982, passed away at the age of 86 on April 17, 2014. The world paused  to remember the cultural giant.
Garcia Marquez was born in Colombia, but he spent most of his adult life in Mexico City. As one of the most famous writers, he was widely regarded as "a giant of 20th- century literature." Garcia Marquez wrote in a style called " magical realism ." In such works, people live a daily life in a certain period of time in history. But meanwhile , magical things happen to them.
Garcia Marquez is best known for his 1967 novel, One hundred years of Solitude (<<>> ), which has sold about 50 million copies. It tells the tale of the small and _ town of Macondo which was separated from the outside world- of its founding and its troubled history over a hundred years. The story is a metaphor for the development of Colombia since the 19 century. As Colombian President Juan Manuel Santons said, Garcia Marquez wrote about "the essence  of the Latin American beings."
The question is: Which of the following is NOT true about Garcia Marquez?
The possible answers are:
A:He was the writer of the Nobel Prize for Literature in 1982.
B:His novel One Hundred years of Solitude was a great success.
C:He was widely known as " a giant of 20
th- century literature."
D:Magical things happened to him during his stay in Mexico City.Bob, Jim and Alice are good friends. They all study in the same class in Red Star Middle School. The weekend is coming and the weather is going to be sunny and warm. Now they are talking about their plans.
Bob is going to the hospital on Saturday. It is not far from his house, so he wants to go there by bike. He is going to visit a sick  boy called Ben in the hospital. He wants to make Ben happy and give him some interesting storybooks. He is going to stay there for the whole day.
Jim is going to ride to Great Zoo with his father on Sunday. He wants to see the pandas, tigers, lions and elephants. He wants to stay there for the whole day.
On Saturday, Alice is going to the Green Park with her friends on foot. She is going fishing by the lake, going boating on the river and playing on the slide . She plans to stay there for the whole afternoon.
The question is: How is Jim going to the zoo?
The possible answers are:
A:By bus.
B:On foot
C:By car.
D:By bike.Miss Han: You bring  many things to school, Kevin. Can you tell   me what are on your desk?
Kevin: Yes, I can. There is an eraser, a ruler, three pencils and a pencil box on my desk.
Miss Han: What is in your drawer ?
Kevin: In my drawer, there are two books and a notebook.
Miss Han: What is that on the floor?
Kevin: It is my school bag.
Miss Han: Do you bring your lunch box   to school?
Kevin: Yes, I do.
Miss Han: Where do you put it?
Kevin: I put it under my desk.
The question is: _   is on the floor.
The possible answers are:
A:A ruler
B:An eraser
C:A pen
D:A school bagIf you go to an American middle school on Wednesday morning, you will hear kids talking about the American idol show from the night before. Some have called it the most influential show in the history of television.
American Idol has been extremely successful in the country since 2002. The show was number one for six years! The most popular episode had nearly 38 million _ . But why is the show so popular?
The idea of the show is this: everyday people get a chance to show their singing talents to the world and become an "American Idol", a famous pop star. Anyone in the country(between the ages of 15 and 28) can have a try--a chance of becoming world famous.
In fact, everyday people are the ones who are allowed on the show. If you are a professional singer--you cannot be an American Idol. The winners are regular people from small towns--people who sang in churches or bars but had bigger dreams.
The winners of the contest don't get a prize of money. Instead, they get to record an album. Famous stars such as Kelly Clarkson and Carrie Underwood gained fame  from winning the show. So, it seems the contest really works.
It is the idea that anyone can be a super star that draws people to this program. All those hours of practicing in front of the mirror could lead to fame and fortune .Even you could be the next "American Idol".
,.
The question is: _   attracts people to watch and take part in the shows.
The possible answers are:
A:The prize of lots of money
B:The idea that anyone can be a pop star
C:The chance to record an album
D:The dream of becoming a professionalI go to Australia for a meeting with my workmate, Chris. We decide  to drive across the country after the meeting. The drive will take four days and most of it was across the desert .
The first day is a lot of fun because we are happy to hear each other's jokes . But on the third day, we begin to get _ . We are quite quiet for some hours when  Chris sees some kangaroos .We are both excited and decide to take a closer  look. Chris drives very quickly to catch up with them. We got closer and closer. Suddenly , we hear a loud BANG!
Chris stops the car and we get out. Beside the car is a large kangaroo  lying on the ground. Chris goes over to it and puts his cap on its head. He takes off his sunglasses and puts them on the kangaroo and does the same with his jacket. Then he puts his arm around the kangaroo and tells me to take a photo of them together. I take out my camera. When I am focusing the camera, I sees the kangaroo move . It suddenly wakes up, and runs away before we can do anything.
I start laughing  but Chris looks worried. He says his wallet is in the jacket. I start laughing even louder . I stop laughing when he says that our car keys are also in the jacket.
The question is: How long will the drive take according to their plan?
The possible answers are:
A:One day.
B:Four days.
C:Half a month.
D:Two months.As a young man, Tom was a famous artist with a wife and two fine sons. One night, his older son was ill. Tom and his wife thought it was nothing serious. But the boy died suddenly that night..
After his son died, Tom always felt very sad. To make matters worse, his wife also left him later, leaving him alone with his six-year-old younger son, Emie. Sadly, he turned to alcohol  for help.
As time went by, Tom began to lose everything he had---his land, house, etc. A few months later, Tom passed away alone in a small bar. Hearing of Tom's death, I thought,"What a complete failure!"
But later, I began to change my earlier opinion. I knew Tom's now adult son, Emie. He is one of the kindest, most caring men. I saw the love between Emie and his children. And I thought that kindness and caring had to come from somewhere.
One day, I asked him what made him become such a specia1 person. Emie said quietly, "My father came into my room every night, give me a kiss and said,"love you, son."
Hearing his words, I understood everything. Tom didn't leave many things behind. But he had been a kind loving father, and left behind his best love.
The question is: What did the writer think of Tom when he heard of his death?
The possible answers are:
A:Tom was a lazy man.
B:Tom was an unsuccessfill father.
C:Tom was a hard-working man.
D:Tom liked drinking too much.Anny was a five-year-old girl. One day when she and her mother were in a department store , Anny saw a plastic pearl necklace  . What a beautiful necklace! She wanted it very much, so she begged her mother to buy it for her. The mother said, "Well, I can buy you the necklace, but when we get home, we should discuss what you can do to pay for it. Can we do that?" Anny agreed with much happiness, and she got the necklace.
How much Anny loved the necklace! She wore it everywhere and every minute. Anny also did part - time jobs to make pocket money. She worked very hard. Soon she succeeded in paying off the price for the necklace.
Anny's daddy knew how she tried her best to get the necklace. He also knew how much Anny cared about it. One night, he asked Anny if she loved him. "Sure, Daddy." the little girl said. "Then how about giving me your necklace?" "Oh, no, Daddy! Not my necklace!" Anny cried. "Oh, dear, it's fine." her father gave her a kiss.
Several days later, Anny went to her daddy, with her lips  trembling . "Here, Daddy. I love you." She held out her hand. Inside it was the plastic pearl necklace that she loved so much.
When he saw this, Anny's father smiled with surprise. He then pulled a cute box out of his pocket. Inside the box was a real and colourful pearl necklace, which was waiting for Anny for so long.
The question is: One day, Anny  _   in a department store.
The possible answers are:
A:went to buy a necklace
B:got a plastic pearl necklace
C:bought her mother a pearl necklace
D:asked her mother to buy something tastyMr. Robinson never went to see a dentist, because he was afraid , but then his teeth began aching a lot, and he had to see a dentist. The dentist did a lot of work in his mouth for a long time. On the last day Mr. Robinson asked the dentist, "How much is all the work going to cost ?" "Twenty-five dollars," said the dentist. But he didn't ask him for the money. After a month Mr. Robinson phoned the dentist and said, "You haven't asked me for any money for your work." "Oh," the dentist answered, "I never ask a gentleman for money." "Then how do you live?" Mr. Robinson asked. "Most gentlemen pay me quickly, the dentist said, "but some don't. I wait for my money for two months, and then I say, 'That man is not a gentleman,' and then I ask him for my money.
The question is: _   cost twenty-five dollars.
The possible answers are:
A:The first day'work of the dentist
B:The last day's work of the dentist
C:Half the dentist's work
D:All the dentist's workNot all memories  are sweet. Some people spend all their lives trying to forget bad experiences. Wars and traffic accidents can leave people with terrible physical and mental _ Often they appear again in dreams.
Now American researchers think they are close to developing a pill , which will help people forget bad memories. The pill is designed to be taken immediately after a frightening experience. They hope it might reduce , or possibly erase  the effect of sad memories.
In November, some scientists tested a drug  on people in the US and France. The drug stops the body producing chemicals  that fix memories in the brain. So far the research has suggested that only the mental effects of memories may be reduced, not that the memories are erased.
The research has caused plenty of argument. Some think it is a bad idea, while others support it.
Supporters say it could lead to pills that prevent or treat soldiers' troubling memories after war. They say that there are many people who suffer from terrible memories.
"Some memories can destroy  people's lives. They come back to you when you don't want to have them in a dream. They usually come with very sad feeling." said Roger Pitman, a scientist of psychiatry at Harvard Medical School. "This could relieve  a lot of that suffering."
But those who are against the research say that it is very dangerous to change memories because memories give us our identity . They also help us all get away from the mistakes of the past.
"All of us can think of bad events in our lives that were terrible at the time but make us who we are. I'm not sure we want to erase those memories," said Rebecca Dresser.
The question is: Which of the following does Rebecca Dresser agree with?
The possible answers are:
A:Some memories can destroy people's lives.
B:People want to get away from bad memories.
C:Experiencing bad events makes us different from others.
D:The pill will reduce people's sufferings from bad memories.This month inTravelersCorner there are three teenagers' experiences in year-abroad programmes.
Mariko Okada - Tokyo
My year abroad in the United States was a fantastic experience. I'm not a shy person, and I was very comfortable speaking to everyone. So I got lots of speaking practice. I also learned many English songs and lots of interesting things about American culture. When I got home, my friends all said that I had improved so much! I hope to go back again in the future.
Carla Fonseca - Rio de Janeiro
I spent last year studying English in London. I'm from a small town, and London is a very big city. Sometimes I felt it was too big. There were so many people to talk to, but I always felt bad about my English. I missed my family, and I really missed my two cats. My roommate was always using our telephone, so I hardly had the chance for a nice long talk with my parents. I think it was a good experience for me, but I'm glad to be home!
Alvin Chen - Hong Kong
Studying in New Zealand was a fun experience for me, but it was also lots of hard work! I had English classes six hours a day, five days a week----with lots of homework. I also kept a diary of my experience. I like to write, and I wrote two or three pages in my diary every day. On Saturdays, my homestay family took me to lots of interesting places and showed me so many wonderful things about the culture. I'm really glad I went.
The question is: This article is most probably taken from  _   .
The possible answers are:
A:an advertisement
B:a textbook
C:a travel magazine
D:a news websiteEvery morning my father buys a newspaper on his way to work. Every evening my mother looks through magazines at home. And every night, I look at the posters with photos of David Beckham and Yao Ming on my bedroom wall before I go to sleep. Can we imagine life without paper or print?
Paper was first created about 2,000 years ago, and has been made from silk, cotton, bamboo, and, since the 19th century, from wood. People learned to write words on paper to make a book. But in those days, books could only be produced one at a time by hand. As a result, they were expensive and _ . And because there weren't many books, few people learned to read.
Then printing was invented in China. When printing was developed greatly at the beginning of the 11th century, books could be produced more quickly and cheaply. As a result, more people learned to read. After that, knowledge and ideas spread  quickly.
Today information can be received online, downloaded from the Internet rather than found in books, and information can be kept on CD-ROMs or machines such as MP5 players.
Computers are already used in classrooms, and newspapers and magazines can already be read online. So will books be replaced  by computers one day? No, I don't think the Yao Ming poster on my bedroom wall will ever be replaced by a computer two meters high!
The question is: When was paper first created?
The possible answers are:
A:About 2.000 years ago.
B:In the 19th century.
C:About 1.000 years ago.
D:In the 11th century.Patrick Johnson,an artist for the Washington Post,found some treasure in his new house35,000 dollars in a place where no one could see it. Although he had car and house payments in his head, he still decided to return all of the money to the previous owner of the house,Mr. Williams. Would you have done the same?
Just hours after he had bought the house,Patrick came into the small house,where he was planning to lay out his tools and hang things up. He looked up and noticed a little hole in the wall. He didn't know what it was inside, so he walked towards the wall. It was very dark inside,but an old box caught his eye.
"I caught the thing,it was heavy. I thought it might be some pieces of wood." he said. Actually it was not. It was filled with lots of dollar bills. But he and his wife knew they had to return the money to Mr. Williams.
"I've got two boys and we teach them to be honest and to do what is right. I knew this was a teachable moment that I would never get back again." Patrick said to his wife. "So I thought we would do something honest with it. It's been a great thing for us and our kids."
The question is: Patrick thought there might be  _  in the box when he found it.
The possible answers are:
A:35,000 dollars
B:some pieces of wood
C:many famous pictures
D:some expensive treasuresAmong the Seven Wonders of the Ancient World, the oldest one is the Great Pyramid of Giza. There are three large pyramids at Giza, outside the modern capital of Egypt, Cairo. The largest and most famous one is called the Great Pyramid. The workers built it as a tomb   for the Pharaoh Khufu  .
It took more than twenty years to build the Great Pyramid. When it was built, the pyramid was about 146.5 metres high. Over the years it has lost about eight metres off its top.
The pyramid is made of large stone blocks   -- 2,300,000 of them! Each of these blocks weighs over 2,000 kilograms. The ancient Egyptians did not have any modern machines. How did they build the pyramid? The pyramid shows that the ancient people were _ and had great skills.
People once thought that the Egyptians made slaves   do all the work on the Great Pyramid. But in fact, they used farmers.
The question is: What is the writer's purpose in writing this passage?
The possible answers are:
A:To invite people to visit the Great Pyramid.
B:To give information about the Great Pyramid.
C:To describe his or her trip to the Great Pyramid.
D:To tell how he or she feels about the Great Pyramid.Do you know Open Farm Sunday? It is a new day in Britain. It is the fourth mayional open day for the farming industry .Now it is setting more and more popular among people, especially among young people.
It is said that about 435 farms opened their gates to the public. The farmers invited people to their farms. Many people help the farmers work on the farms. They can do many things over there,such as water the crops and gather the crops. People could find pleasure of farming.
Open Farm Sunday is a good chance to enjoy the life of countryside,especially for people living in the cities.If you come to the farm,you will fall in love with the country life.Here you can listen to the birds,enjoy the beautiful _ of countryside breathe the fresh air and watch the crops grow.You can also work with the farmers and taste the produce,such as tomatoes and cucumbers.
One farmer said,"Welcome children to our farms. We will show you where your food comes from."
The question is: What can visitors do on the farms according to the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:They can visitors the beautiful view of countryside.
B:They can watch the crops grow.
C:They can work with the farmers and taste the produce.
D:All of the above.The judge  thought Geoffrey Payne killed his wife. Now for the first time Payne wrote to a magazine from the prison about what happened on the night of 13 October 1999.
I had to stay late at the hospital that night to do an operation. I finally left at about 11p.m.. I drove home slowly because the wind was blowing and it was raining heavily. I was running into our road when a man suddenly ran in front of my car. I almost hit him but I stopped just in time. I was scared and the man looked scared, too. I got out of the car but he ran away before I could ask if he was all right. It was very strange.
When I got home, the lights were on but it was very quiet. I called to my wife but there was no answer. Then I remembered that she was out at a concert.
I was still very unhappy about what happened on the road, so I made myself a drink. Then I went upstairs to have a bath. I saw that the window in the bedroom was open. This was strange because my wife always locked the doors and windows before she went out. She was afraid of burglars. When I went to close it, I found Ellen. She was lying on the floor. There was blood everywhere. I rushed over for her pulse but she was dead. I was so scared. I sat on the floor beside her body without knowing what to do.
The next thing I knew was that the sky was getting light. I can't remember a thing about that night. In the morning I phoned the police. They arrived half an hour after I phoned them. But it seemed like hours. During that time I tried hard to remember anything I could about the night before. I couldn't stop thinking about the man in the road. What was he doing at that time of night in our quiet neighborhood?
The question is: Which of the following is NOT true?
The possible answers are:
A:Payne called the police the next morning.
B:Payne ran away after his car bumped into the man that night.
C:Payne couldn't remember clearly what had happened that night.
D:Payne wondered what the man was doing in his neighborhood that night.I have worked in Shenyang for two months. I seldom meet Westerners in the street. But on TV, I see many foreigners in Shenyang. I am a little lonely and I really hope to make friends with English speakers. Although I study Chinese hard, my Chinese is poor and I can't communicate in Chinese very well.
However, Chinese people usually smile and wave to me on the bus and at any other places. In the street, the most common conversation goes like this: A Chinese person, "Hello."
I, "Hello."
The Chinese,"Where are you from?"
"England."
"Oh, I see!" and then if his vocabulary is exhausted , "Bye-bye". This can happen five or six times on any trip around town. How I hope to see a Westerner at that time.
The question is: The writer feels  _   in Shenyang.
The possible answers are:
A:happy
B:sad
C:lonely
D:luckyMy uncle likes sports very much. He loves soccer ball, basketball, baseball, tennis and more. He plays baseball and basketball very well. He likes to watch the sports games on TV. He plays sports every day. He has a small sports collection. He has 12 tennis rackets, 10 baseballs, 3 basketballs and a soccer ball.
The question is: My  _  likes sports.
The possible answers are:
A:father
B:brother
C:uncle
D:friendFor the first time in Singapore, it's snowing. Visitors to Singapore will be amazed by the technology that brings winter to you on this tropical   island.
All visitors can have cool winter fun in Snow City, Singapore's first indoor snow center. Visitors can see and touch snow falling. Of course, it's more than just touching and feeling snow. You can enjoy exciting snow rides or skiing on snowboard. You can also build your own real snowman and have snowball fights filled with fun and learn about life in cold climates.
Snow City is about family-based fun and is suitable for all ages. Join us and step into Snow City today.
How to get there:
21Jurong Town Hall Road, Snow City Building, Singapore 609433
Tel: 63371511
Bus services: No. 66, No. 178, No.198
Price: Adults: $18; Children: $12
Opening Hours: Tuesday--Sunday: 10:30 am--6:30 pm
Notice:
No phone booking.
For updated information, please visit our website www.snowcity.com.sg.
The question is: Bob and his 5-year-old daughter want to visit Snow City. They should prepare  _   for the tickets.
The possible answers are:
A:$30
B:$18
C:$12
D:24Mr Green is an Englishman. He teaches English well His English classes are very interesting. He likes us and we like him, too.
Mr Green has two children----Mike and Nancy. Mike is eight and his sister Nancy is five. Mike goes to school but Nancy doesn't. Mr Green likes to wear a T-shirt and a pair of jeans. Football is his favorite sport. After school we often have a basketball match. Sometimes Mr Green watches and joins us. He plays basketball just for us.
The question is: Mr Green is   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:a Chinese teacher
B:an English teacher
C:a Japanese teacher
D:ran English teacherMany people think the camel stores only water in its hump ,but it does not,Instead,the camel stores something else there----food.The camel's hump is really a hump of fat.When the camel,often called"a ship of the desert",is not travelling and is in a place where there is plenty of food and water,it eats and drinks a lot. As it does so, its hump rises from the fat its body makes. Then when the camel is travelling through the desert and when there is little food,it can live off the stored fat.
A camel can go on for days or weeks with little feed or water.However its hunger reaches the point starvation ,its hump shrinks  and may even slip off its back and hang down its side.
Camels are not fussy  about what they eat.Thorny  plants don't hurt their mouths,grasses of any kinds will do and so will hay,dry grain,cactuses.(,,)
There are one--humpcamels and two--hump camels. Camels with one hump are calledArabian camels,mainly coming from North Africa. Camels with two humps are mainly from Asia.
The question is: There are  _  kinds of camels in the world.
The possible answers are:
A:two
B:three
C:four
D:fiveSome Advice on Traval
NO.1. Forget Fashion !Always wear your most comfortable clothes when going on long journeys.
NO.2. Traveling on trains and buses can be boring. So take a good book to read.
NO.3. If you're going somewhere cold, remember your warm clothes.
NO.4. Or, if you are going somewhere sunny, remember to wear sun block  and sunglasses.
NO.5. Always take a camera with you to capture  those special moments.
NO.6. Be careful with your things whenever you go to busy places, like a train station. There are often thieves there.
NO.7. Always leave room in your bag for buying presents.
NO.8. Most countries have lower prices for students. So if you have one, take your student card with you and save money.
NO.9. Bus tours often stop at expensive shops along the way, save your money by buying presents at local shops.
NO.10. If you travel abroad, remember to take your _ Whatever you don't lose it!
The question is: If a student want to buy some presents at lower prices while traveling, he should  show  _  to the shop assistant.
The possible answers are:
A:the prices
B:his things
C:his passport
D:his student cardTea bag drinking is most westerners' favorite way of drinking tea. Do you know how it came about?
The tea bag was invented in 1908 by Thomas Sullivan, an American tea seller. He was sending out free tea in silk bags for people to try. People put the bags together with the tea leaves into the cup and added hot water. The tea tasted good, and people thought it was easy to clean the cup. They were not happy when Sullivan started sending them loose   tea again.
Sullivan realized that he had a hot new thing in his hands, and he built a machine to pack the bags. As tea bags became popular, they were changed from silk to gauze   and later paper. In 1952, Lipton Tea made the tea bag even more popular with its invention of the four-sided tea bag. _ , and today 85% of the tea in the UK is packed in paper bags.
However, many people still prefer loose-leaf tea. This is because some tea companies put not very good tea in their tea bags. But for most drinkers, tea bags are still the easy, tasty way to go.
The question is: What can be the best title for this passage?
The possible answers are:
A:The invention of tea
B:The way of drinking tea
C:The history of tea bags
D:People's favorite tea in the worldMillie is a little girl who is at the age of nine. She is a pupil in a primary school. She works hard at her subjects. In class, she takes an active part in all kinds of activities. She looks smarter than her classmates.
One day, she was doing her homework after supper as usual. Her father was not in. Her mother was taking a shower in the bathroom. After she finished her homework, Millie asked her mother to check it for her, but her mother didn't answer her. A few minutes later, her mother was still in the bathroom. Millie felt strange. She knocked at the door. But her mother had no answer. She pushed the door open and found her mother lying on the floor. At the same time, she smelled something terrible. It was the gas. She quickly opened the window, turned off the gas and called 120 and 110 for help. Soon some doctors and policemen came and sent her mother to the nearest hospital. Her mother was saved at last.
Why did the little girl know how to do that? That was because she had learned how to save herself and others in danger in school.
The question is: Why didn't her mother answer her?
The possible answers are:
A:Because she was angry.
B:Because there's something wrong with her mother.
C:Because she wasn't at home.
D:Because she is busy doing the housework.It was a quiet village in which there was a military camp. It was far from the towns and cities and there were some high mountains around. Of course it was a good place for training the new soldiers. But it was difficult for the young men to go outside. Mr. White, an officer of forty, was strict with them and he hardly let them leave the camp.
Once Mr. White was ill in bed. He couldn't work, so a young officer, Mr. Hunt, began to train the new soldiers instead of him. He knew the young men well and let nine soldiers go to the nearest town to have a holiday. But night fell and none came back to the camp. He was worried about it and stood at the gate. It was five to twelve when Mr. Hunt decided to go to the town and see what was happening with the young men. He started the car quickly and set off. At that moment the nine soldiers came back. It seemed they were all drunk. Of course they found the officer was angry.
"I'm sorry, sir," said the first soldier. "I left the town on time. But something was wrong with my bus on my way here. I had to buy a horse and made it run fast. Bad luck! It died and I had to run back."
And the other seven soldiers said they were late for the same reasons. It was the last soldier's turn. He said, "I'm sorry, sir. I got on a bus on time, but..."
Having heard this, the officer became even angrier and stopped him at once. He called out, "If you say something was wrong with your bus, I'll punish you at once!"
"No, no, sir," said the young man. "My bus was all right, but their horses were
!"
The question is: The nine soldiers returned to the camp late because    _   .
The possible answers are:
A:something was wrong with their buses
B:their horses died on the way back
C:it took them much time to run back
D:they all had drunk much in the townAround the world more and more people are taking part in dangerous sports and activities. Of course, there have always been people who have looked for adventures--those who have climbed the highest mountains, travelled into unknown parts of the world or sailed in small boats across the greatest oceans . Now, however, there are more people who look for an excitement from a risky activity which may only last a few minutes or even seconds.
I would think bungee jumping to be a good example of such an activity. You jump from a high place (perhaps a bridge or a hot-air balloon) 200 metres above the ground with an elastic   rope tied to your ankles . You fall at up to 150 kilometres an hour until the rope stops you from hitting the ground. It is said that about 2 million people around the world have now tried bungee jumping. Other  risky activities include jumping from tall buildings and diving  into the water from the top of high places.
Why do people take part in such activities as these? Some psychologists suggest that it is because life in modern world has become safe and boring. Not very long ago, people's lives were often in danger. They had to go out and hunt for food, diseases could not easily be cured, and life was harder than that of the present days.
Nowadays, to many people, life offers little excitement. They live and work in safe conditions; they buy food in shops; and there are doctors and hospitals to look after them if they become ill. The answer for some of these people is to look for danger in activities such as bungee jumping.
The question is: In bungee jumping, you   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:jump as high as you can
B:slide down  a rope to the ground
C:tie yourself to a rope and fall to the ground
D:fall towards the ground without a ropeMore than 200 activities have been held so far during the Chinese Language Year in Russia. It has not only made Chinese culture popular in Russia, but also improved understanding and friendship between Russians and Chinese people. More and more Russians begin to enjoy Chinese food and operas, watch TV programs to leam Chinese, and travel in China.
Since the Chinese Language Year program in Russia started, so many events such as movie weeks, operas, Chinese language classes, language contests and teaching programs have been popular in Russia.
Through the activities, Russian people have had a chance to leam more about the Chinese culture, literature, history and its life today. For example, the first group of 500 Russian students visited the Chinese cities of Beijing, Dalian and Qingdao. There they painted both countries' landmarks, including the Tian' anmen Square, the Great Wall, the Kremb ,the Volga River and the Red Square. When the Russian students returned, they took part in a photo contest and a writing contest to show their love for China.
And Russians, especially young people, have become more and more interested in learning Chinese. To date, more than 130 universities in Russia are offering Chinese courses. More than 20 middle and primary schools have also taught Chinese as their first foreign language.
The question is: _  activities have been held so far during the Chinese Language Year.
The possible answers are:
A:Over 200
B:130
C:Less 200
D:200Lucy is a nice girl. She is twenty-six. She opens   a clothes store. Its name is Lovely Clothes Store. The store is for girls, not for boys. The store has clothes in many colors. Do you want to have a look at the store?
Clothes               Colors                   Price
T-shirts           blue, green and white      Y=25
Skirts           red, green, yellow and black Y=45 \ Y=65
Sweaters          yellow, blue and red        Y=35 \ Y=55
Trousers           orange, white and green  Y=54 \ Y=84 \ Y=104
,.
The question is: The store has   _   in yellow and red.
The possible answers are:
A:T-shirts and sweaters
B:sweaters and trousers
C:sweaters and skirts
D:T-shirts and trousersWhile traveling, you'll be taking money, license or passport. Or you will buy something expensive to take back home with you and you don't want it to get stolen. Here are some ideas on how to keep your valuables   safe while traveling
Plan ahead of time
Think of what you really need and don't need to take on your trip. Only take the valuables that you must have, not just ones that you would like to have.
Carry your valuables on your person
Something that is small, like cash and credit cards and your passport, can be carried in a money wallet around your neck or in a money belt. This way, your valuables are hidden and right next to you, where you know where they are at all times. Wear clothing that can hide the money belt.
Carry larger valuables in your carry-on bag.
If you can't fit it in your money wallet like some large valuables, you'd better put them somewhere that you will keep touch with them. Your can put them on the plane, so you don't have to worry about  the airline losing your bag or someone stealing it from the belt after the flight before you get to it.
Choose a hotel that has the front desk for valuables.
This way, you don't have to worry about housekeeping getting hold of your valuables, or someone  stealing your valuables if your room is broken into. If you give the valuables to the front desk to keep for you, choose a time when others are not looking.
The question is: The passage is mainly about   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:what to do while traveling
B:how to carry your valuables on your person
C:how to keep your valuables safe while traveling
D:how to save money while travelingPeople at home keep asking me, "Is it hard to learn Chinese? Why have you learned it so well?" Well, there's one thing that makes Chinese easy to learn: there are so many people to talk to. You've probably heard that it's the most spoken language. Today it's also one of the most written languages online. And with so many Chinese people interested in learning English, it couldn't be easier to find a friend for language learning. You just have to know where to look for them.
The really good place to look for them is QQ. QQ has the same status  in China as AIM (AOL Instant Messenger) does in the US. It is reported that at any moment, up to 9,000,000 people are using QQ. They're at work, or in a web cafe , or at home, and the information of the users can be found. If you sign on with your address set to "abroad", you'll soon find that many thousands of them are interested in speaking to you! This is a great way for you to learn Chinese, and for them to learn English. I think that it's a very interesting way of cultural contact , too, for ordinary people from around the world to be able to have one-on-one contact.
The question is: The writer wrote this passage mainly to   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:tell a way of learning Chinese
B:show what the Chinese people are doing
C:tell the important of learning Chinese
D:show the difference between AIM and QQEmma and Hannah are 13-year-old school girls from Minnesota, USA. They are good at making new things and both of them are also good at sales. They are selling charms   made out of bottle caps.
The girls came up with the idea last summer when they saw charms were popular with kids. They talked with their parents about the idea. Since then they have sold enough charms to buy a bike for Hannah.
The girls collect bottle caps and then clean them. They find some interesting pictures on the Internet or on paper, and then glue them onto the inside of the caps. There are different kinds of pictures. "Peace signs are popular with girls, and single-letter charms are popular with boys whose names start with those letters," Emma and Hannah said.
Now, charms can be found everywhere at Dakota Hills Middle School in Eagan. "Students put charms on purses, backpacks, and their lunchboxes," said Emma. Emma and Hannah also have a shop on the Internet. They hope they can sell their charms to more kids. They're thinking about selling their charms at the Eagan Market Festival next summer.
Their business is not only for getting money. At their Valentine's sale, 20% of the income   went to charity.
The question is: What do Emma and Hannah hope to do now?
The possible answers are:
A:They hope to become rich people.
B:They hope to give money to charity.
C:They hope to sell more charms.
D:They hope to sell charms in every school.Enjoy wonderful programmes on Hello TV
7.00 a.m.-8.00 a.m.
Follow Billy
As Billy grows up, his tail is becoming longer and longer. He is worried about it very much and wants to ask someone for help. It is said there is an old man in the forest. He has magic power to do everything. Billy decided to visit him. You can have an adventure   in the forest with Billy and learn some useful English vocabulary from it.
10.00 a.m.-11.00 a.m.
Best Friends
It is about two kids ----Jane and Alice. They are good friends and always trust and support each other. After watching this drama series, you will know the magic of friendship.
5.00 p.m-6.30 p.m.
World Sport
This is a sports round-up for kids. It covers the recent important sporting events. There are also interviews with some young sports stars. They are hard-working and full of dreams. By answering questions on the phone, you can get some sports posters.
The question is: According to the TV guide, which of the following sentences is true?
The possible answers are:
A:Best Friends is shown at night.
B:Billy is worried about the old man so he goes to visit him.
C:We can see some players in World Sport.
D:You can get sports posters by answering Billy's questions.Jack Green is 75 years old. He is not in good condition. "I think I'm ill," he tells his wife, "I feel awful. I've got a headache and I don't feel like eating."
"You've put on a lot of weight recently. You should see the doctor," his wife says, "ask him how to lose weight. It's not good for your health."
"OK," says Jack. He goes to see a doctor.
The doctor checks his heart and weighs him. Then he says, "You are too heavy. You need to do some excercise to lose about 30 kilograms. Run two miles a day for the next 100 days. Then call and tell me your weight."
A week later, the doctor receives a call from Jack. "Doctor, I ran two miles every day and I feel much better. But I have a new problem."
"What's that?" asks the doctor.
"I'm 14 miles away from home, and I can't find my way back."
Choose the right answer according to the passage.
The question is: According to the doctor, how many kilograms should Jack lose?
The possible answers are:
A:Thirteen.
B:A hundred
C:Thirty.
D:Fourteen.When you are about to do something brave, a cheerful wish of "Good luck!" from a friend can be helpful. But if you think you need lots of luck, what else might you do?
In the UK and US there are some strange traditions for bringing yourself a little more good luck. Some are hundreds of years old and some are much newer.
Have you heard the saying "When you wish upon a star"? If you are looking up at the sky on a clear night and you see a sudden flash of light, it is probably a shooting star! Seeing one doesn't happen very often. The saying goes that if you see one you have been very lucky, and so if you make a wish, it will come true.
Maybe you have heard of the lucky rabbit's foot. Some people believe that rabbits are lucky animals, so they carry a part of the rabbit, its foot, for good luck. There are all kinds of strange, unclear rules about which of the rabbit's feet is the luckiest. It is said that this good luck tradition is the oldest one of all. However, as the funny saying goes, "Depend on the rabbit's foot if you will, but remember it didn't work for the rabbit!"
People in Britain love trees. If it is autumn and leaves are falling from the trees, some people try to catch the leaves as they fall because they think each leaf they catch will bring _ a lucky month in the following year--they will need to catch 12 falling leaves to have a whole of good luck!
The question is: British people try to catch 12 falling leaves because   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:the leaves fall in autumn
B:there are so many leaves to catch
C:the leaves can bring them a lucky month
D:they want to have a whole year of good luckDear Jenny,
Gary is having a _ party after Month Exam! He invites all of us to come! Since it is a potluck party, I think I will bring some beef noodles. As I know, Lily will take care of the drinks and Gina will bring a big homemade chocolate cake. Can you ask your mom to buy us some KFC fried chicken? You know it is too far for all of us to ride a bike there, but your mom often drives there. We can pay the bill together. Just think about how surprised our classmates will feel when they see what we prepare! Isn't it great?
The party will start at noon on March 25, so be sure to be at Gary's place around 11:30 to prepare for the party. By the way, don't forget to invite Amy, who is good at music. If you have any other questions, just call me or write me back.
Take care!
Leo
The question is: There will be at least   _   of them for the party, besides Amy.
The possible answers are:
A:5
B:6
C:7
D:8The world is not only hungry, it will also be thirsty for water. About 97% of water on the earth is sea water, or salty  water. Man can only drink or use the other 3% of the fresh water  which comes from rivers, lakes and underground.
The sea is very big. Look at the map of the world, there is more sea than land. It covers  quarters of the earth, it looks very beautiful when the sun is shinning on it. But it can be terrible when there is a strong wind. Some parts of the sea are very deep. There is one place near Japan. It's nearly 11 kilometers high. If we put that mountain into the sea at that place, there would be 2 kilometers of water above it!
The sea is salty. There is one "sea" called the Dead Sea. The Dead Sea is not a sea. It's a big lake in the Jordan Valley. It's the saltiest. It's near the city of Jericho. It's about 80.kilometres long, between 4.8 and 17.7 kilometers wide. The river Jordan runs into the Dead Sea. The sun is not there and the water is salty. Fish can't live in the Dead Sea and plants can't grow near it. People can't swim well in the Dead Sea, but they can float  on the water. The water is very blue and the air is clean. In winter, people come to the Dead Sea to enjoy the sunshine.
The question is: The Dead Sea is  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:80 kilometers long
B:2 kilometers wide
C:11 kilometers deep
D:17.7 kilometers highYou've probably known the crazy traffic in Beijing. Sometimes the cars could hardly move for a long time. The terrible traffic is caused by the poor road and China's ability to cope with   so many cars on the road at the same time.
With more Chinese people buying cars every day, the problem seems to only get worse. But a design company called Shenzhen Hashi Future Parking Equipment has a possible solution: the super bus.
The super bus would carry up to 1,400 people in its passenger compartment  . It would travel on a rail system that would be elevated   above the roads, so cars could drive under it. The bus will run on electricity and solar power, creating far less pollution than that from the cars it would be replacing  .
Beijing authorities haven't decided whether to create railways for the super bus throughout the city. But they are willing to give it a test drive. Later 2010, the company will test for the first time and in 2011 and 2012, the company will test the super bus with passengers.
According to the government, Beijing is probably to have five million cars on the road by the end of 2010. So it seems to be necessary to start taking the bus instead soon.
The question is: What is Shenzhen Hashi Future Parking Equipment?
The possible answers are:
A:It is an interesting park.
B:It is a super bus.
C:It is a kind of equipment.
D:It is a design company.One day, I heard an American boy say to a Chinese student of English, "You speak very good English." But the student answered, "NO, no. My English is very poor." The foreigner was quite surprised at the answer. Thinking he had not made himself understood or the Chinese student had not heard him clearly, he said, "Yes, indeed, you speak very well." But the Chinese student sill kept saying "No." In the end the American boy could not understand and didn't know what to say.
What's wrong with the student's answer? He didn't accept a compliment in the same way as the American people do. He should answer "thank you" instead of "no". He really understood what the American boy had said, but he thought he should be modest .In the west, people will feel proud and confident when they are praised. So if someone says the dishes you have cooked are very delicious, you should say "Thank you". If someone says to a woman "You look so beautiful with the new clothes on." She must be very happy and answer "Thank you".
In our country we think being modest is a virtue and being proud is a bad thing, but in my opinion, being confident does not mean being proud, so  sometimes you should be confident instead of being modest.
If you are modest and say, "No, I'm afraid I can't do it well" while working in a western country, the others may think that you really cannot do it. If you often say "No", you will certainly be looked down upon by others. If asking for a job, one says something like "Yes, I can certainly do it" instead of "Let me have a try", he or she will expect to get it. So in the west, you should be brave to show your self-confidence!
The question is: We can learn that the writer wants us to   _   through his passage.
The possible answers are:
A:be modest
B:be confident
C:be clever
D:be beautifulI had a summer camp with my classmates last year. Early in the morning. We gathered at the bus station. After saying goodbye to our parents,we got on the buses. It took us more than two hours to arrive at the campground. We got off the buses cheerfully. Laughing and shouting. We jumped and ran all over the place. It was the first time for us to be away from the parents .Some of us started to feel homesick . However, when the night party and dances began, the homesickness was gone. The next day, everybody rushed to the boating class, hoping to be at the head of the others. At first ,my friends and I worked hard, but the boat wouldn't listen to us and kept going round and round. Then the teacher taught us how to work together. After many tries, we did much better. Swimming class was my favorite. It was about the hottest time of a day and the best time to stay in the cool water. The swimming teacher was a funny man, and during the class he often made us laugh happily. During the week I learned a lot of new things and made many new friends. I also learned how to take care of myself.
The question is: Which statement is NOT true?
The possible answers are:
A:he children were happy to be away from Dad and Mum.
B:Their homesickness lasted for long.
C:It was teamwork to boat.
D:They camped for a week.Although he died almost 40 years ago,Bruce Lee is still considered the greatest and most influential kung fu performer of the 20th century.His films brought traditional Hong Kong kung fu movies to a new level of popularity,and introduced kung fu to millions of people in the West. 
Bona in the USA in 1940,Lee returned to his native Hong Kong before his birthday.As a teenager,the highly intelligent boy was accepted into one of Hong Kong's most famous middle schools but he paid little attention to his studies. He was more interested in sport,especially kung fu,and hanging out with his street-gang friends. In 1959,Lee got into trouble with the police for fighting.His mother,fearing he would end up in prison,sent him to the USA. Two years later,he began studying at university there.
While still a student,Lee opened his own kung fu school,teaching a new fighting style he had developed.What made Lee's style different was that it used power,strength and,quick--action attacks.It also combined Japanese,Korean and South American fighting styles with traditional stow--moving Chinese kung fu.
Among Lee's students were several famous actors who,impressed by his good--looks and fighting skill,encouraged him to start acting.Over the next fire years Lee achieved some Success in America.But his dream of introducing his fighting style into American movies was not accepted by local film makers who thought western audiences were not interested in kung fu.
Determined to prove them wrong,Lee returned to Hong Kong in 1970.There he made two films
(1971)and
(1972),using his kung fu ideas and techniques.The movies were huge hits world--wide,making Lee an international star and symbol of kung fu.These were followed by what is widely considered the greatest kung fu movie of all time,
(1973).Tragically however,Lee suddenly and mysteriously died while making his next movie
. He was only 33 years old.
The question is: AS a teenager,Lee was very    _    .
The possible answers are:
A:quiet
B:hard--working
C:brave
D:smartDear God,
I am a boy. I live in a poor village. My Parents used to be  farmer but now they are working in a big city. They want to build a new house. Our old house is _ It becomes wet after a heavy rain. I think our new house must look clean and smart. I don't mind if it is big or small. It is not in the centre of the city or near the sea. _ lies in a peaceful valley. There are flowers and grasses around the house. My father can ride his horse to look after his sheep; my mother can milk her cows. My brother's cat is lying in the sun while I am reading under the tree. How beautiful!
Our new house has three bedrooms. There is a bedroom for my mother and father , one for me and one for my brother. There is a living room, a kitchen and a bathroom. There is a small balcony in front of the house, and a armchair  stands there quietly. There are some plants on the balcony, too. My family will be very happy in the new house. God, tell me, can my dream come true? What should I do for that?
Sincerely yours,
Amos
The question is: There are   _   rooms in Amos' dream home.
The possible answers are:
A:four
B:five
C:six
D:sevenPeople cannot reach an agreement on the use of science and technology. For example, will radiation from electronic equipment destroy the environment? Should medical scientists change gene structures to prevent genetic disease or to create "more perfect" human beings? While people are arguing about these and others, technology continues to influence our everyday lives--the home, health and education, entertainment and communication, and so on.
Some people carry on active social lives with computers --their own or the ones in public places like cafes, social centers, libraries, and so on. Communicating with others in chat rooms,  computer users can get to know people they might never meet in traditional ways. With live online video connections, two people with cameras in their computers can see and talk to each other from separate places.
With modern telephone technology, most people stopped writing lettters--especially personal letters and notes. But now, writing to communicate has returned in electronic form, or e-mail, which is a way of sending messages from one computer to another. For some computer users, the wish to communicate intelligently or creatively with others makes them want to write better.
Computer technology has also made it possible to run a house electronically. From turning lights on and off to starting the coffee and cooking the hot meal, computers are taking care of people at home. Many modern machines have computer chips that allow their owners to program them. For instance, you can "instruct" a microwave oven how to cook a dish. Most entertainment equipment operates with computer technology too. Computers can even start cars automatically so that on cold winter mornings you can get into a warmed-up vehicle and drive off.
Although much of the technology in our everyday lives has good effects, there are some uses that raise questions. For example, are interactive media ( i.e., a combination of television, telephone, and computer) going to control minds, cause people to forget about family life and personal relationships? What effects will the genentic engineering of food have on people's health? High-tech medical treatments can make a person live a much longer life, but can they improve the health and happiness of human beings? Only time will tell, but, in the meantime, science and technology will continue to move forward.
The question is: What is the best title for the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:Science and New Technology
B:Computers Change Our Lives
C:Everyday Uses of Technology
D:Only Time Will TellOnce  there lived a lion in the big mountain.He was very big and strong.He often ate the other animals.Every day he went out to look for food.The small animals in the mountain were all afraid of him.Near the mountain there were four bulls .They are friends, and they often worked and played together.The tiger tried  many times to catch them, but he could not do so.Every time he came near, the four bulls stood together to fight  him.So he could do nothing to them.
One day, the four bulls had a quarrel .After that each of them went his own way.When the lion saw this,  he was happy.He caught one bull and ate him up .Then he caught another.One by one  he caught all the four bulls and ate them up.
The question is: Why didn't the lion eat the bulls at first?
The possible answers are:
A:Because the bulls were friendly
B:Because every time he came near, the four bulls stood together to fight him.
C:Because it was not very hungry.
D:Because he didn't like to eat them.A famous teacher was speaking to the students at our school.He began his lesson by holding up a Y=100 bill.Then he said to the three hundred students,"Who would like this Y=100 bill?"The students began to put up their hands at once.
Then he said,"I am going to give this Y=100 to one of you,but first,let me do this."He then made the bill into a ball.Then he said,"Who wants it now?"The hands went back into the air.
"Well,"he said,"what if I do this?"and he dropped it on the floor and stepped on it.He picked up the dirty,crumpled bill and said,"Who still wants it?"Hands went back into the air.
"My friends,"he said,"you have learned a valuable lesson today.No matter what I did to the money,you still wanted it because it did not go down in value .It was still worth Y=100!"
Many times in our lives,we are dropped,crumpled,and stepped on by the chances we take and the things that happen to us.We feel as if we are worth nothing.But remember,no matter what has happened to you,you will never lose your value:you are always valuable to those people who love you.Your value doesn't come from what you do or whom you know,but who you are.
You are special and valuable.Don't ever forget it!
The question is: We are always valuable to the people  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:who pay us
B:who call us
C:who hate us
D:who love usThe White family come to a new big city  , but Mrs. White's son, Bob, is not happy. He doesn't have anyone to play with. "Don't worry!" says his mother. "You will soon make friends here."
One morning, there is a knock at the door. Bob's mother, Mrs. White, opens it. There stands a woman with brown hair. It is Mrs. Miller. She comes to borrow two eggs. She wants to make cakes. Mrs. White gives her two.
In the afternoon there is another knock at the door. Mrs. White opens it and she sees a boy standing there. "My name is Jack Miller," he says. "My mother gives you this cake and two eggs."
"Well, thank you , Jack," says Mrs. White. "Come in and meet my son Bob."
Look! Bob and Jack are having cake and milk. They are playing football. Now they are friends!
Jack says, "I'm glad you live next door." Bob says, "I must thank your mother for coming to borrow eggs." Jack laughs  and tells Bob, "My mother doesn't want the two eggs, but she wants to make friends with your mother. " Bob says, "That's a funny way to make friends. It's an easy way, too. It can work!
The question is: In the afternoon   _   have cake and milk together.
The possible answers are:
A:Jack and Mrs. Miller
B:Bob and his mother
C:Mrs. White and Mrs. Miller
D:Bob and JackMobile phones and the internet have improved our live in many ways. However, along with improvements, they have also brought a number of worrying problems.
Many car accident are caused by mobile phones. You can use many new mobile phones to get on the internet. This can be very convenient, but some drivers get on the internet while driving. Driving needs all our attention. By looking at their mobile phones and not at the road, these insensitive Drivers are a danger to us all.
Many of the dangers of the internet are well known. Children who visit websites without their parents' permission sometimes talk to older people they don't know and put themselves in great danger. People with blogs sometimes post embarrassing photographs of people they don't know on their websites without permission. There are also people who use the internet to get personal information that we do not want them to have.
Mobile Phone and Internet Safety Tips
If you need to use a mobile phone with you drive use a "hands-free" phone.
In difficult driving situations such as rain or snow, do not use your phone at all.
Do not make very important phone calls while driving. They take your attention off the road.
Tell your children not to talk with anyone they do not know on the internet.
In an embarrassing situation, pay attention to people around you. People will be shy about taking your picture if they know you're paying attention.
Refuse to give out any information personal information on the internet.
The question is: What advice is given in the passage to stop someone from taking an embarrassing picture of you?
The possible answers are:
A:Pay attention to the people around you.
B:Don't give out your personal information.
C:Use a "hands-free" mobile phone.
D:Wear your camera phone on you belt.There is not enough oil in the world now. As time goes by, it becomes less and less, so what are we going to do when it runs out? Perhaps we will go back to using horses, carriages and bicycles.
In the Second World War, some people didn't use gas made from petroleum  in their cars. They made gas from wood and plants instead. The car didn't go fast, but they ran, so this was better than nothing. However, in the future, we can't cut down all our trees to make gas; we need our trees for other things, too.
Besides different types of gas, we can also use electricity  to run our cars, but first we must make the electricity! Some countries have coal  and they make electricity with that, but we might not always have coal, either. Other countries have big, strong rivers, and they can use the power of water to turn turbines  and make electricity more easily and cheaply.
We are also able to get power from the ocean tides. We put turbines into the mouth of the river. Then the tide comes in, the water turns the turbines and then it goes out, it turns them again.
Which of these ways will be used to run our cars in the future?
The question is: The passage is mainly about   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:how to run our cars
B:what to do when oil runs out
C:different types of gas
D:the ways to make electricityDecember 25 is Christmas Day . Christmas is an important holiday in many countries. On Christmas Day, most families get together for a big dinner. They give presents to each other and visit friends. The Christmas tree is an important part of the Christmas holiday. Most families buy trees. The families decorate  the tree together. Parents usually tell their children that Father Christmas comes during the night and brings presents to good children. Of course, Father Christmas isn't real. The parents of the children are really "Father Christmas". They put the presents under the tree or into their children's stocking  after the children go to sleep.
The question is: Who is really "Father Christmas"?   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:Their parents
B:Their father
C:Their mother
D:Father ChristmasMozart was born on January 27, 1756 and died on December 5 , 1791. When he was three, he often had lessons with his elder sister. His father took him through many different countries, where he played music for lots of people.
But some people didn't believe a little boy could write such beautiful music. They asked him to stay in a room all by himself for a week and somebody watched the room all the time . In a week , he finished a new piece of music . After that, people believed that he could write beautiful music.
Mozart died when he was still a young man. During his short life he studied music and taught music and played music and wrote music. Even by working so hard, he couldn't make much money . Often he had to borrow money from his friends. But his music made him happy and for more than two hundred years his music has made other people happy, too.
The question is: His music made  _  happy.
The possible answers are:
A:both him and other people
B:only him
C:other people
D:nobodyNearly all kids have had the same experience. They are eating in a restaurant with their parents. They finished the spaghetti minutes ago. Now, they are bored. Their little brother is kicking them under the table. He is also complaining about the desserts . Yet their parents are still eating and talking...and talking...and talking.
"Be patient." One parent says. "We'll have dessert soon."
All kids know what happens next. After dessert, their parents drink coffee. Then they talk some more. Again, the children must wait. They have been in school all day and would rather be running and playing. Instead, they must sit in a chair and stare at a wall.
Going to a restaurant doesn't have to be this way. Many restaurants say they are "family-friendly". Family restaurants, such as fast-food restaurants should play areas for children. At these restaurants, almost every play area is a big room full of climbing equipment. The room is usually, packed with happy kids. Parents can eat while the children play. Everyone is happy.
The real problem begins when families want to eat a fancier meal . The parents don't want to hurry through the meal but talk to each other. They do not have bored children pestering  them about leaving. That's no fun for kids either. For them, going to a nicer restaurant means just one thing: sit still and be quiet.
On family blogs across the Web, dozens of parents post the same question all the time; are there any nicer restaurants with play areas for kids? Research shows that some nicer restaurants do have play areas. In warmer cities, it is easier for restaurants to build play areas outside. For example, at one restaurant kids can sail tiny little motor boats in a small, shallow pond. Parents can sit on a beautiful yard and watch the kids play. Some nicer restaurants even have indoor play areas. Research also shows that these restaurants serve more than just burgers, chickens and fries.
So, it's possible for a restaurant to provide both food and a place where kids can play. These restaurants seem to be popular, too. For some, families must have reservation days in advance. For others, families might be forced to wait in long lines. Clearly, quality food and safe play areas are both good for business.
The question is: What conclusion can we draw from the research?
The possible answers are:
A:It's common for nicer restaurants to provide good food and play areas.
B:Building play areas is more difficult for restaurants in colder cities.
C:Serving more kinds of foods may help restaurants to make more money.
D:It's possible for restaurants to find a balance to make both happy.One day, a raven happened to fly past a lake. Looking at the lake, he saw the most beautiful animal he had ever seen. It was a swan and its feathers were as white as snow. The swan was playing with other birds happily, talking and dancing. And it seemed that the other birds all liked to stay with _ When he looked at his own feathers, they were as black as coal. The raven was very angry with the swan. "How can the swan have such wonderful feathers?" said the raven. What should he do with his feathers? He thought it over and over.
Then, the raven decided that he also wanted to have white feathers like the swan's. From that day on, the raven began to live like the swan. He moved his home from the woods to the lake. He also started to eat water plants like the swan. He tried his best to talk and dance with the other birds. The most important was that each day, the raven would wash his feathers, hoping that they would turn white. Even he went to the nearby rivers and ponds to wash his feathers because he thought the water in the lakes was not enough for him to wash them. But no matter how hard he washed his feathers, they remained black.
As he ate only water plants, he soon grew thinner and thinner. Not many days later, the raven died.
The question is: Why did the raven wash his feathers every day?
The possible answers are:
A:He thought his feathers would turn white.
B:He wanted to drive the other birds away
C:He thought his feathers were dirty.
D:He wanted to keep his feathers whiteJenny didn't know how her school dance team could pay for the travel to Florida for a national competition. It was difficult enough just to raise money for their dance costumes  .  What were they going to do? As the team leader, Jenny felt she needed to come up with an idea. .
At lunch, Jenny found that a lot of students were throwing empty juice bottles in the rubbish. She remembered the school had a recycling   program a few years ago, but it had ended.  Nobody wanted to bring the bags of bottles to the recycling center.
Jenny saw a chance. She went to see the  headmaster.  "If members of our team pick up the  recyclable bottles every few days, may we use the money we collect at the recycling center for our dance team?" asked Jenny.
"I think that's a great idea, Jenny," said  Ms. Weaver.  "But if another team wants to take over next season, I'll have to give them a chance, too. " Jenny agreed that it was fair.  She ran to the dance team to give them the good news.
Jenny knew that the money raised from empty bottles might not be enough to get them all the way to Florida, but they were a lot closer. She would find more ways to raise money for the dance team.
The question is: which of the following is TRUE?
The possible answers are:
A:Jenny found many ways to raise money.
B:Jenny could collect money at the recycling center.
C:The team could not pay for the train tickets to Florida.
D:Jenny collected enough money from the empty bottles.Hello, I'm Jack. Please look at the picture of my classroom. On the front wall, there is a blackboard.It's very big. In front of the blackboard, there is a yellow desk. It's for our teachers. There is a computer on it. On the right wall there is a map of China. On the black (  ) wall of our classroom is a blackboard. We can write and draw on it. There are forty students in my class. Everyone has a desk and a chair.
In my classroom, my desk is next to Li Fang's desk. She is on my left . And Tim is on my right. In front of me is John . Who is behind me ? It's a girl, Amy. They are my good friends.
The question is: There are   _   desks in Jack's classroom .
The possible answers are:
A:20
B:21
C:40
D:41Many teenagers  feel that the most important people in their lives are their friends. They believe that their family members don't know them as well as their friends do. In large families, it's quite often for brothers and sisters to fight with (...)each other and then they can only go to their friends for some ideas. It is very important for teenagers to have one good friend or a group of friends in their lives.
Even when they are not with their friends, they usually spend a lot of time talking among(......) them on the phone. This communication is very important in children's growing up, because friends can discuss  something. These things are difficult to say to their family members in fact.
However, parents often try to choose their children's friends for them. Some parents even stop their children from meeting their good friends. Have you ever thought of the following questions?
Who choose your friends?  Do you choose your friends or your friends choose you? Have you got a good friend your parents don't like? Your answers are welcome.
Choose the best answers:(. )
The question is: Many teenagers think that  _  can understand them better.
The possible answers are:
A:friends
B:brothers
C:sisters
D:parentsYour body is special - no two people in the world are alike , Although you are different from everyone else , you have exactly the same body parts as the people around you , doing different jobs that keep all of us alive .
What is inside my head ?
Your head _ the most valuable part of your body - your brain . As you are reading , your eyes send pictures to your brain which makes meaning from what you see . Your brain helps you to remember and think , and makes sure your body is doing what it should .
What is my skin  for ?
Your skin covers your body . In most parts of your body , the skin is just as thick as half a centimeter . If you have your skin cut , it will have a quick cure and stop viruses from getting into your body . Your skin also helps you feel the heat and coldness of the environment around you . Hair grows from inside the skin . When you feel hot , extra heat comes out through your skin . As a result , your body temperature drops .
How do I move ?
Muscles  are found in most parts of your body . They work with your bones to help you move - whenever you cry or smile , eat or speak , walk or dance , etc .
Why do I breathe ?
Your body needs to take in oxygen from the air and give out the unwanted carbon dioxide in the body . When you breathe , air comes through your nose and mouth into your lungs  where oxygen flows to different parts of your body .
What makes me sneeze ?
When dust or a strong smell gets into your nose , you sneeze . This is the way your body cleans up the dust in your nose . Your lungs push out the air and try to clear your nose .
What does my heart do ?
Your heart is a very special muscle . It is slightly bigger than your fist   and grows bigger as you do . If you place your hand on your heart , you will feel your heart beating which forces blood to move around your body .
The question is: If you have no skin covering your body , what would happen ?
The possible answers are:
A:Extra heat can only stay inside our body .
B:Viruses can't get into our body easily .
C:We can't feel the changes in temperature .
D:Our body can be guarded by our hair .How could we live without the Internet? That's how most of us keep in touch with friends, find homework support, research cool place to visit, or find out the latest news. You can use it to do research for school, find out what movie is on near you, check out a college you're thinking about, or find a job or volunteer opportunity. Almost anything you can think of has a website about it.
You've probably heard stories about people who get into trouble in chat rooms. Because users can easily _ , you may be cheated in the chat room. Everyone in the chat room looks like wearing a mask . Chat rooms often attract people who are interested in more than just chatting. They will sometimes ask visitors for information about themselves. The information might be about their families, or where they live. It shouldn't be given away.
Usually, the people who request personal information like home addresses, phone numbers, and email addresses use the information to do some illegal  things. This might harm a person's or family's well-being.
Of course, the Internet is home to millions of places you can and should visit. However, remember to protect yourself while online.
The question is: The Internet is an unsafe place because  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:There are many illegal things
B:Your personal information may be given away.
C:The computers may be harmed
D:Your e-mail address might be changedA student was going to spend his holiday in a cool mountain village. That evening he stayed at an inn   near the railway station  . Before going to bed, he went to the boss of the inn and said, "Excuse me, sir. Will you please wake me up at a quarter to five tomorrow morning? I'll take the five o'clock train."
"Oh, sorry, sir," the boss said in a hurry, "I'm afraid I can't. I won't be able to get up so early."
The student was disappointed  . When he began to return to his room, be stopped and asked, "Have you got an alarm-clock  ? Maybe it can help me."
"Wait a minute, then." The boss said and brought out an alarm-clock. "Here you are, sir."
"Thank you very much." The student said happily. But he found it was rusty   when he had a look at it. And it sometimes worked and sometimes didn't. He asked, "Will it ring in time?"
"I don't know, either." said the boss, "But it doesn't matter. You just give it a good shake at a quarter to five. And it will ring on time."
The question is: From the story we know the   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:clock would wake the student up in time
B:student certainly missed his train the next morning
C:alarm-clock was no use for the student
D:student had the alarm-clock repairedMr. Johnson worked in a hospital. Three years ago, when he was sixty-eight, he retired. But a lot of people come to ask him to look them over. He's very busy in the daytime and he wants to have a good rest at night.
Half a year ago a young man moved in the room upstairs. At first he was quiet. The old man was satisfied with him. But now he has several friends. They often came to see him in the evening. They talked loudly, sang and danced. Mr Johnson was unhappy, but he didn't say anything.
It was the young man's birthday yesterday. All his friends came at seven in the evening. They drank too much and made a lot of noise. The old man couldn't fall asleep the whole night. This morning, as soon as he got up, he went upstairs and began to knock at the door. The young man opened for him and asked him to come in.
"Did you hear me beat the ceiling  last night, young man?" asked Mr Johnson.
"It doesn't matter, sir," said the young man, " I don't mind it. It was very noisy in my room, too."
The question is: Mr Johnson is a   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:teacher
B:policeman
C:doctor
D:gatekeeperHan Dan comes from China, she is a clever and beautiful girl. She studies in a middle school. She has four pen pals. They are from different countries and like different animals. Linda is from America. Her favorite animal is the penguin. The penguin likes ice very much. Lily comes from Australia .The koala is her favorite animal. The koala likes to eat leaves. And it sleeps all day, but it gets up at night. Bob is from India. His favorite animal is the elephant. Grass is the elephant's favorite food. Tom is a Canadian  boy. He likes the tiger best. The tiger likes to eat meat. What is Han Dan's favorite animal? It is the panda. Bamboo is panda's favorite.
The question is: _  likes tigers.
The possible answers are:
A:Linda
B:Tom
C:Lily
D:BobJack London was a famous American writer. He was born on January 12, 1876, in America.His family was very poor, and Jack had to leave school to make a living when he was twelve. He worked very hard.
Later Jack returned to school. He was strict with himself and worked hard at every subject, especially   literature  .
In 1897, he went to Alaska to look for gold . Instead of getting gold, he found material for his books and stories. He returned home and started to write. His writings were so successful that he became rich and famous in his twenties.
But Jack London was not a happy man. He took his own life in 1916 when he was only 40 years old.
The question is: He began to work in  _   and died in   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:1888;1916
B:1876;1916
C:1900;1956
D:1876;1900Long ago there was a man with the name Smith. He made a living by making caps. One day he went to sell his caps. He went through a forest. There were many monkeys in it. It was very hot. The man is very tired and wanted to have a rest. He came up to a large tree, put his caps on the ground, took one of them and put it on his head. Then he lay down and soon fell asleep.
"Where are my caps?" Smith cried when he woke up.He looked up and saw many monkeys in the tree and each monkey had a cap on its head.
"Give me back my caps!" the man shouted at the monkeys.But the monkeys didn't understand him.They only laughed.The man got angry,took off his own cap,threw it on the ground and cried,"If you want all my caps,you may take this one,too!"
And what do you think happened?The little animals did the same. Each monkey took off its cap and threw it on the ground. The man was very glad. He quickly collected all his caps and went on his way.
The question is: The man cried and told the monkeys   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:to return his caps
B:not to get away with his caps
C:to buy his caps
D:not to laugh at himAsia tops the OECD solving skills test
QUESTION: Can you quickly learn to set a thermostat ?
Don't look down upon such a task. It shows your ability to solve problems in creative ways, said the OECD . The OECD recently gave a problem-solving test to 85,000 students. They were all 15 years old, and from 44 countries.
The test give each student four to eight everyday problems to solve. For example, they had to set a thermostat, and find the quickest way to a place. Students from Singapore and South Korea did the best job, said the OECD. They were quick learners, curious and able to solve problems that they were not familiar with. Students from Japan and China were also among the _ groups. They did a better job than those from countries like the US, Canada, Australia, the UK and France.
Problem-solving skills are important, said the OECD. "Today's 15-year-olds with poor problem-solving will become tomorrow's adults struggling to find or keep a good job," said Andreas, acting director of Education and Skills at the OECD. "The world economy no longer pays you for what you know. Google knows everything .The world economy pays you for what you can do with what you know," he said.
The question is: The students from   _   performed best in the test.
The possible answers are:
A:the US and Canada
B:the UK and the US
C:South Korea and Singapore
D:Australia and CanadaYou probably know you should say "please" and "thank you" at restaurants. You probably know the rules of a library. You know you should respect and be nice to your classmates. But do you have music manners?
Keep It Down! You have to notice the _ of your music. You should not play your music so loud that everyone around you can hear it. Some people might even get angry. Usually, when you play the music loud on an MP3 player, other people can't hear the words of the song. They just hear a loud sound. No one wants to listen to this. Very loud music can also be bad for your ears. So even if you are alone when listening to our MP3 players, you shouldn't turn it up too high.
Take Them Off! You need to know when to turn your MP3 off and put it away. Libraries, and schools don't allow MP3 players. There are other places, like museums, that don't have rules, but it would be rude to have your MP3 player on. Sometimes, it doesn't make sense to listen on your MP3 player at event. Why would you listen to music at a play, a movie or a sporting event? You would miss what is going on and others would wonder why you even came.
Take One Out! Once in a while it's okay just to take out one earphone and not the other. Imagine you are listening on your MP3 player when someone asks you the way. It would not be rude to take out one earphone, tell him the way, and put back the earphone and continue listening. You can also do this when you order food at a fast-food restaurant or when you answer the telephone and it's not for you.
The question is: What can be the best title of this passage?   _
The possible answers are:
A:Music lovers
B:Music manners
C:MP3 players
D:MP3 earphonesHave you ever had an embarrassing experience? Last week we asked readers to tell us about embarrassing experiences. We received thousands of letters! Here is a selection.
Tony:
My most embarrassing experience happened when I had just left university. I had just started teaching in a Liverpool middle school. One morning my alarm clock didn't ring. I woke up at half past eight and school began at nine. I quickly washed, dressed, jumped into my car and rushed to school. When I arrived, the students had already gone into class. I didn't go to the office, but went straight into class. After two or three minutes the students began laughing, and I couldn't understand why! Suddenly I looked down and understood. I had put on one black shoe and one brown shoe!
Henry:
The most embarrassing experience I've ever had happened two years ago. After seeing a film, my wife and I had lunch in our favorite restaurant in town. Then we decided to take a walk along the street. The street was very busy and we started holding hands. Suddenly my wife saw a dress that she liked in a shop window, and stopped. I started looking at some watches in the next window. After a minute or two I reached for my wife's hand. There was a loud _ , and a woman slapped my face. I hadn't taken my wife's hand. I'd taken the hand of a complete stranger !
The question is: Henry and his wife held hands  _
The possible answers are:
A:at the cinema
B:in the shop
C:at the restaurant
D:along the streetThe human body is a living machine, and, like all machines, it needs "fuel" to supply it with energy. This is provided by the food we eat. But how much do we need to stay healthy?
The energy value of food is usually measured in calories . A calorie is the amount of heat required to raise the temperature of 1 kg of water by 1degC. The number of calories people need per day is different, as the picture shows. Also, the number of calories you use at any one moment normally depends on the activity you are in. For example, you need more calories for standing than for sitting, more for running than for walking, and so on.
The energy in food is in the form of three kinds of chemical materials--carbohydrate , protein  and fat. Carbohydrate provides 3.8 Cal /gm of the energy, protein 4.0 Cal/gm, and fat 8.8 Cal/gm. Each food contains different amounts of these materials, as the round pictures show.
(P= protein      C= carbohydrate    F=fat)
The question is: Who needs the most amount of calories each day?
The possible answers are:
A:A woman.
B:An office worker.
C:A farmer.
D:A boy aged 16.Japanese people work very hard at studying English. They start studying English at the age of 12. Most young Japanese people spend a lot of time and work hard at studying English, but Japanese people are not good at English. Here are the reasons:
There are few people from English-speaking countries in Japan. They don't have enough chances to speak with them.
Japan is an island country and they feel that other countries are far away. So they don't use English very often. And the Japanese feel that it is strange  to talk to each other in English.
The Japanese education doesn't always follow the educational trends  in the world. It puts a lot of importance on grammar and vocabulary, and less on speaking, listening and reading skills.
Many Japanese students' English becomes worse  after they go to university .They have to learn English again if they work in English-speaking countries.
Sometimes the Japanese feel shy about speaking wrong or broken English.
The question is: In fact,  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:the Japanese education needs to put a lot of importance on speaking
B:all the Japanese people hate English
C:Japanese people use English very often
D:the Japanese like to talk with others in EnglishA group of frogs were travelling through the woods. Two of them, Nick and Jack, fell into a deep pit . All the other frogs gathered around the pit. When they saw how deep the pit was, they told Nick and Jack that they were as good as dead.
Nick and Jack ignored  what the other frogs said and tried to jump up out of the pit with all of their strength. The other frogs went on telling them to stop, and that they were as good as dead. Nick listened to them and gave up. Finally, he fell down and died.
Jack continued to jump as hard as he could. Once again, the frogs around the pit shouted at him to stop the pain  and just die. Jack jumped even harder and finally got out. When he was out, the other frogs asked, "Did not you hear us?" Jack explained to them that he was deaf. He thought they were encouraging him all the time.
The question is: When the other frogs shouted at Jack to stop the pain and just die, he   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:stopped jumping
B:jumped harder
C:fell down and died
D:gave up tryingThe baby elephant, Sheila, was moved out of Belfast Zoo because of fears she might be hit by bombers during the Belfast Blitz   of 1941.
She was one of the lucky ones. A lot of the animals were killed because of fears they might escape during the bombing and attack people. They included a tiger, a black bear, a wolf, a penguin, and two polar bears.
But Sheila was walked down the road by zoo-keepers to a nearby house where a woman took her in and kept her in her backyard for several months until the bombing was over.
The woman has never been identified   and the zoo knows her only as "the elephant angel". As the zoo celebrates its 75thbirthday, people have decided to try to find the elephant's saver. Mark Challis is the manager of Belfast Zoo. He explained a bit more about Sheila's story.
"Well, we know that Sheila, the elephant that was in the zoo at that time spent some time living with a lady relatively near to the zoo and we have one sweet photo, you can see it on our zoo website."
"In the photo you can see the elephant with the lady in her back garden and that's almost all we know. So we're just trying to find a little bit more information and we are not even sure if the lady is alive today, but maybe her relatives or somebody will recognize the back of that house and we can fill in some detail on this story."
Once the bombing was over, Sheila went back to the zoo and lived for another quarter of a century. She died of a skin disease in 1966.
The question is: How many years has the zoo been open?
The possible answers are:
A:For 25 years.
B:For 75 years.
C:For half a century.
D:For several months.Hello! My name is Emma. My favorite day is Friday. Do you know why?  We have four classes in the morning. We have a music lesson on Friday morning. It is my favorite subject. I also like other three lessons in the morning. They are English, Chinese and math. In the afternoon we usually have three classes, but on Friday afternoon we only have two classes P.E. and oral  English. P.E. teacher is my favorite teacher because her lessons are very interesting.
The question is: Emma usually has  _  lessons a day.
The possible answers are:
A:two
B:three
C:six
D:sevenA little girl walked to and from school every day. Though it was not fine and clouds appeared in the sky that morning, the little girl made her daily trip to school as usual. When school was over, winds became stronger and it began to rain.
The mother of the little girl felt worried that her daughter would be afraid when she walked home from school and that lightning might frighten  her child. Following the bright light of lightning, the mother quickly got into her car and drove to her child's school.
As the mother drove along the road, she saw her little girl walking alone in the rain.To her great surprise, she found that when a lightning came, her daughter stopped, looked up and smiled. Another lightning came and then another followed. With each lightning, the little girl stopped, looked up and smiled.
Inside the car, the mother asked her daughter, "What were you doing? Why did you look up and smile when the lightning came?" The little girl answered with a smile, "Mum, you know, God was looking at me. Each time I felt a little afraid walking in the rain, God would take a picture of me. I knew he was playing a game with me."
The question is: What was the weather like before school was over?
The possible answers are:
A:It was rainy.
B:It was fine.
C:It was just windy.
D:It was cloudy.Mrs Elise was my teacher in the fourth grade. One day at lunch time, I was getting ready to eat my tuna fish   sandwich and suddenly Mrs Elise asked me if she could buy my sandwich from me. She explained that I could use the money to buy a hot hunch from the cafeteria  .
I was excited. I never bought my lunch at the cafeteria. It was too expensive for my family, and I always carried my lunch and took the bag back home to use it again the next day. So you could understand my happiness when I had the chance to buy a hot lunch.
When we finished lunch that day, Mrs Elise took me aside and said she wanted to explain why she had bought my sandwich. I really didn't care why, but it gave me a few minutes of her special attention, so I was quiet as she explained. She told me that she was a Catholic  and Catholics didn't eat red meat on Fridays, they ate fish on Fridays.
Oh, I couldn't wait to get home and tell my mother that from then on I wanted a tuna fish sandwich on Fridays. After my mother understood why, she gladly made tuna fish sandwiches for me on Fridays. She even made it with brown bread because she knew Mrs Elise liked brown bread. From then on, every Friday I could get in line with other kids for a hot lunch. I didn't care how many of the kids complained about cafeteria food. It tasted _ to me!
I realize now that Mrs Elise could have made herself tuna fish sandwiches on Fridays. But she bought mine because she saw a little girl who was excited at the simple act of having a hot lunch.
I will never forget Mrs Elise for her pity for me and generosity   and what I should do is to follow her example.
The question is: Mrs Elise bought the writer's sandwiches because  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:she was tired of cafeteria food
B:she hated getting in line with kids
C:she liked the tuna fish sand writer's made by the writer's mother
D:she wanted to show care to the writerHouse Rules
1. Please clean up before leaving.
2. Showers to be taken before 11 p. m.
3. No staying out 'after 10p. m. unless allowed by me.
4. You may have incoming calls on my mobile phone but no out going calls.
5. Bed time is 11 p. m.
6. Dinner is at 7p. m. unless noticed.  . (If you don't have dinner, you must let us know before 6 p. m. )
7. Keep noise to the least.
8. No smoking in the bedroom.
CB4 1LT
 _ 
112 Kendal Way
Chesterton
Cambridge
 _ 
My mobile number  is
07870  347980
The question is: You can do the following except   _
The possible answers are:
A:taking showers at 9p. m.
B:smoking out of the bedroom
C:telling the host at 7p. m. if you don't have dinner
D:using the host's mobile phone to receive phone callsAn elephant wants to have some friends. He sees a monkey in a tree. "Can you be my friend?" asks the elephant.
"You are too big. You can't swing   in the tree like me."
Then the elephant meets a rabbit. "Please be my friend," he says.
"How can I? Sorry, sir. You are strong."
The elephant is very _ . Then he goes home.
The next day, he sees all the animals running. He doesn't know why. The monkey says a tiger is near here. He will come to eat the animals.
The elephant goes to the tiger. "Please, Mr. tiger. Don't eat the animals."
"Go away!" says the tiger.
The elephant is not happy and kicks   the tiger. Then the tiger goes away. At last, all the animals want the elephant to be their friend.
The question is: How many kinds of animals are there in the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:Three.
B:Four.
C:Five.
D:Six.Alice spends her summer vacations walking back into history. Alice is 15 and she is a guide who shows visitors around the Fort Delaware Museum in New York. "This year, I spun wool on a spinning wheel. Last year, I was a candle maker. My first year, I cared for the garden and looked after the animals. All the jobs I've had at the fort have been really fun."
Fort Delaware is a living-history museum that shows how life was in frontier America in the mid-1700s. "Reading about history can't compare to experiencing it for yourself," says Alice.
The experience begins as soon as visitors enter the fort. The smell of wood smoke fills the air. Women in petticoats (long skirts) and men in knee breeches(knee-length shorts) are busy with their chores. The guides show visitors how the settles would have carried out everyday work. "Kids are surprised when I tell them that one of their jobs would have been to make candles," says another guide, 16-year-old Jane. "They don't realize that kids back then had to work hard." She also shows visitors how to play with toys and games.
They are playing historical parts, so the guides can't wear shorts or T-shirts when the weather is hot. But the clothes of the past can easily change modern kids into people from 18th century. "The clothing felt strange at first, but it does make it easier to get into characters," says Jane.
Working at the fort has helped Jane to appreciate her life even more. Alice agrees, "The fort has taught me how hard life was and how much work there was every day. We are so lucky with everything we have now. Life wasn't always this easy."
,. (5,2,10)
The question is: The main idea of this passage is that  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:all the jobs Alice has had at the fort have been really fun
B:how hard life was and how much work there was in the past
C:reading about history can compare to experiencing it for yourself
D:we are so lucky with everything we have now, and then we must appreciate themI called a meeting with the parents of my student, Tommy. I wanted to talk with them about his schoolwork and behaviour .Tommy was always an excellent student. How could I make his father and mother believe that their recent separation  made his grades bad.?
Tommy's mother came in and sat down. Then his father arrived. But they didn't say even one word to each other. I told them about Tommy's schoolwork and behaviour. I hoped to help them see what they were doing to their son. But it looked that my words didn't work. I thought that maybe Tommy could tell them something himself.
I found Tommy's paper in the back of his desk. Tommy has written some words on it many times. I gave the paper to Tommy's mother. She read it and gave it to his father. He read it and his face became soft . He reached for his wife's hand. She smiled up at him. My eyes were with tears. He helped her with her coat and they left together.
I picked the paper up and looked at it again. It read: "Dear Mommy... Dear Daddy... I love you."
The question is: . What's the best title   for the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:Tommy's Bad Grades
B:A meeting with Tommy's parents
C:Tommy Tells His Parents
D:An Excellent StudentMy daughter Eyen is ten years old. She is in Grade Three in a primary school. She is a cute girl though  she has some interesting ideas sometimes.
One day she asks me, "Mum, what is your favourite subject?" I think for a while and answer, "It is difficult to tell. I love singing, so music is my favorite. And I am good at English. My history teacher also says I am excellent. Well, I can say I don't like science. But science is important for us, you know. So you must do well in it. What is your favourite subject, Eyen? Tell me something about your subjects, dear."
"I like Chinese. It is easy. I like English because my English teacher likes me very much. I can't stand  Maths. It is serious  and sad."
"Do you mean your Maths teacher is serious and sad?"
"No, it is Maths, not the Maths teacher."
"Why do you think so?"
"Because Maths has so many problems ! Isn't it sad all day?"
The question is: How does the girl like science?
The possible answers are:
A:She likes it very much.
B:It is her favourite subject.
C:She doesn't like it.
D:The story doesn't tell us.Most people are writing blogs  . Others are reading them. The word " blog" is a short way of saying Web log almost like QQ Zone  .
Many popular Web sites now offer free, easy ways to create personal Web pages and fill them with writings and pictures. Blogs offer people a place to show their writings and feelings over the Internet. They can also be helpful to connect people with others.
A blog has both good and bad points, of course. People choose to write what they think in blogs, for they know that their friends will read what they write. If you are feeling sad one day and write your feelings in your blog, your friends may quickly write back to _ you or offer their help. Blogs help people keep good friendship and let them know what their friends are doing. But the problem is that anyone can read what you write in your blog. If you are not satisfied with a friend during school, and you write something bad about him in your blog, your friend read the blog and get angry. So we have to be careful of what we write.
In many ways, a blog and a diary are almost the same. So what makes a blog different from a diary? The biggest difference is that a blog is more public than a diary.
The question is: What's the main idea of this passage?
The possible answers are:
A:Most people like using blogs.
B:The differences between a blog and a diary.
C:The advantages and disadvantages of blogs.
D:Blogs offer people free space to show their writings and feelings.Some people love going to museums,while others absolutely hate it and would rather stay at home,enjoying their favorite TV shows.Increasingly,museums are being seen as outdated and boring by today's youngsters.
I have just returned to the UK after travelling around the USA.While there,I visited lots of museums  I must say,museums are typically educational, either to develop knowledge gained at school in particular subjects,or to enhance knowledge of other cultures
In Chicago,we visited the world-famous Art Institute of Chicago.It was filled with paintings,drawings and sculptures by a huge variety of artists,such as Picasso,Monet,Matisse and Dali.There was a mixture of traditional and modern art,including colorful stained glass windows and abstract art.
When we were in Washington D.C.,we visited a few of the Smithsonian museums. These are all free to visit-which is great if you just want to see a few things,and not spend all day inside.The Air and Space Museum was particularly good:it had lots of aircrafts and rockets on display,interesting information and also some interactive parts.We also went to the National U. S. Holocaust )Memorial Museum. Naturally,it was sad to read about the horrors of this tragedy which affected so many people in World War II .However,it was also incredibly interesting to read the stories of those who survived the Holocaust,as well as those who helped others.
Last but not least,I also found the 9/11 Memorial and Museum to be of great interest. This museum is dedicated to those who lost their lives,as well as their families,when the Twin Towers in New York City were attacked by terrorists in 2001 .It tells you how the terrorists planned the attack,how they hijacked the planes,and ultimately what happened as a result of their actions.Surviving pieces of the towers are shown in the museum,alongside damaged fire engines. It was a truly thought-provoking visit,which made me value my own life that little bit more.
I think museums play an important role in preserving artifacts of historical importance for future generations.Whatever your interests,there is likely to be a museum for you. You can visit waxwork museums to see models of your favorite celebrities(and get photos with the Queen!),science museums for a more hands-on,interactive visit and so much more!Best of all,if you're ever in the UK,many of them are free!
The question is: What is the writer's attitude towards museums?
The possible answers are:
A:She suggests going to museums*
B:She warns the problems of museums.
C:Museums have advantages and downsides.
D:Museums should be open to all kinds of people.Once, there was a big apple tree. A little boy loved to climb to the tree top, ate the apples and played around it. With time on, the little boy grew up. He no longer played around it every day. One day, the boy came back, sad. "Come and play with me," the tree said. "I am no longer a kid." The boy replied, " I need money to buy toys." "I don't have money..., but you can pick all my apples and sell them." The boy was so excited. He picked all apples and left happily. The boy never came back after that.
One day, the boy returned. "Come and play with me," the tree said happily. "I have no time to play. We need a house for my family." "You can cut off my branches." So the boy cut all the branches off the tree and left happily. But he never came back since then.
Again, the boy returned and said. " I want to make a _ across the sea. Can you give me a boat?" "Use my trunk  to build your boat." So the boy cut the trunk to make a boat. He went sailing and never showed up for a long time. Finally, the boy returned after he left for so many years. "Sorry, my boy. But I don't have anything for you anymore. the only thing left is my dying roots." the tree said with tears.
"I don't need much now, just a place to rest. I am tired after all these years." The boy replied.
"Good! Old tree roots is the best place to rest. Come and rest with me." The boy sat down and the tree was glad and smiled with tears.
You may think that the boy is cold to the tree but that's how we are treating our parents. The tree is our parents. When we were young, we loved to play with them. When we grow up, we leave them, and only come to them when we need something or when we are in trouble. Whatever we ask for, parents will give everything they have and always be there waiting for us home.
The question is: The apple tree in the passage is just like  _   in the life.
The possible answers are:
A:our kid
B:our parent
C:our friend
D:our sister or brotherMike  and  his  father  are  sitting   at   the  table . They are having their lunch. " I  don't  like  this  soup  .  I  don't  want  to  have  it" ,  says  Mike .  After  lunch ,  Mike  and  his  father  work  on  the  farm .  They work hard. In  the  evening ,  Mike's  father  gives  him  a  bowl  of  soup . "Oh, this soup is nice ", says Mike.  His mother says: "It's the same soup."
The question is: After  lunch ,  they  work   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:in the factory
B:in the school
C:on the farm
D:in the hospitalMy school is not big but beautiful. There is a garden in the school. There are
many flowers in the garden.  The flowers are colorful-they are all kinds of colours. In the center  of the garden, there is a pool. The fish are swimming in it. They look very happy and free.
There are two teaching buildings around the garden. There are 18 classrooms in it. And there are also many other rooms in it -- music room, reading room, language lab and library.  There are all kinds of books in the library, such as storybooks, cartoon books and magazines. You can read them after class.
The playground is behind the teaching building. We do morning exercises on the playground every day.  On the playground, you can play sports--running, playing basketball and playing badminton.
I like my school very much.
The question is: Where are the two buildings?
The possible answers are:
A:They're in the garden.
B:They're behind the school.
C:They're around the garden.
D:They're near the library.Is there a difference in meaning between "It's too late to telephone. Mary is asleep now." and "It's too late to telephone. Mary will be asleep now."?
Yes. The difference is in the reason given for it being too late to telephone. In the first sentence "Mary is asleep now", the speaker is stating  a fact. In the second sentence "Mary will be asleep now", the speaker is saying what Mary usually does. In fact, it's possible that Mary isn't asleep, but she is usually asleep at this time.
So let's take two situations. In the first case, imagine Mary's mother answers the telephone.
You: "May I speak to Mary, please?"
Mother: "No. It's too late. Mary is asleep now."
You: "Are you sure? It's only 10 0'clock."
Mother: "Yes. I went to her room and she was asleep."
The mother knows that Mary is asleep because she went into her room and saw her.
Here is another case. Two friends decide to telephone Mary.
Jack: "Let's telephone Mary. It's 10 0'clock."
Jill: "No. It's too late. She will be asleep now."
Jill knows that Mary always goes to bed before 10 o'clock, so now she'll probably be asleep. But it is also possible that she is staying up late.
The question is: In the first situation. Mary's mother   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:is afraid to wake up Mary
B:wants to tell you that she knows Mary is asleep
C:knows that Mary wants to sleep at this time
D:wants to know if she can take a message for MaryCanada is famous for its winter lifestyle, for the season lasts half the year there. A great example of this is the Quebec Winter Carnival . Quebec is an old city with beautiful historic building, and many agree that winter is the best time to visit. The city comes alive in the snow, especially during the winter festival. People who visit the cold city can find tons of things to do that will make winter seem perfect.
The Carnival has a magical ice palace made with 9,000 tons of snow, a boat race on the St. Lawrence River, and two night parades  with funny people and colorful cars. Other interesting things include a 122-meter ice slide, and a large football game. There is also an exciting dogsled race that runs through six kilometers of the city's streets. With more than 20 teams in the game, the dogsled race is noisy, fun and full of great cheer. Even better, artists from around the world come to enter the snow sculpture  competition. It is amazing how these artists can bring snow to life. The Quebec Winter Carnival has everything for the whole family and more. It is surely a great way to experience winter at its fullest.
Another famous winter festival is on the other side of the world in China. Known as the City of Ice, Harbin is the capital city of Heilongjiang Province, which is next to Siberia. In the winter, it is very cold, and temperatures there can drop to 30degC below zero. Even so, the cold weather makes the city the right place for the Harbin International Ice and Snow Festival. The festival is held every year.
The question is: The writer will probably write about   _   in the next part of the article.
The possible answers are:
A:the Quebec Winter Carnival
B:the introduction of Heilongjiang Province
C:the snow sculpture competition in Quebec
D:the Harbin International Ice and Snow FestivalBaymax, a new Disney character, has made everyone like him and want to hug him. The big robot is from the Disney movie--- Big hero 6. He lives with a fourteen-year-old smart boy called Hiro Hamada. Baymax has helped Hiro get through hard times after Hiro's elder brother died in an accident. Soon Hiro finds that some bad people are behind his brother's death and want to take the city. To stop it , he uses his high-tech gadgets  and turns Baymax and his four other friends into super heroes. The movie has received very good feedback . In February, the movie won the best animation  feature of the 87thOscar Awards. Baymax has become popular thanks to his big soft body and his comforting voice. People say his love can be found on the screen.
Mothers in Japan have started to make Baymax-sharped white rice balls for children. In China, fans warmly call him "the big white". The friendship between Baymax and Hiro makes many people cry in the cinema. As a nursing robot, Baymax is never designed to be a super hero. He dares to love you without expecting anything for himself. I think we all love him because of his love.
The question is: What is Baymax?
The possible answers are:
A:A big robot.
B:A popular movie.
C:A smart boy.
D:A bad people in the movie_ join us together and set us apart. Today, our society has a terrible lack  of values. Here are some social values that everyone needs.
Respect
Respect means to respect others in everyday life. Even if you are against a person, it is important to have respect. It is this respect that makes us human. Without respect, we become animals. We need to respect our friends for our friendship. We even need to respect our enemies because they help us to grow up and become stronger. Respect is one of the crucial values in a relationship.
Love
Love is everything. With love in our hearts, we feel no need to hurt another. With love in our hearts, we will pay more attention to the similarities in opinions rather than the disagreement. If we want others to be good to us, we need to be good to them. After all, we give love to get love, right?
Loyalty
People often ignore   the meaning and importance of loyalty. Loyalty is necessary for people to believe in each other. In no matter what kind of friendship, we need to believe in each other so that we can work together towards the same goal.
Honesty
Honesty is to show other people who we really are. Honesty helps to do better, because it makes us realize our problems and find ways to solve them. It is this honesty that will make others help you out, not because you need it, but because they have problems, too, which you can help out with. This honesty will help us follow the other values in society and truly, "Heal the world!"
The question is: According to the passage, we are different from animals because of   _
The possible answers are:
A:loyalty
B:honesty
C:love
D:respectOne morning, Mr Black was driving in the country and looking for a small hotel. When he saw an old woman on the side of the road, he stopped his car and said to the old woman, "I want to go to the Sun Hotel. Do you know it?"
"Yes," the old woman said,"I will show you the way." She got into Mr Black's car and they drove about twelve miles. When they came to a small house, the old woman said, "stop here!" Mr, Black stopped and looked at the house."But this isn't a hotel." He said to the old woman.
"No"the old woman answered, "This is my house. And I'll show you the way to the hotel. Turn round and go back nine miles. Then you'll see the hotel."
The question is: Which of the following is NOT true?
The possible answers are:
A:The old woman lived in the country.
B:Mr Black took the old woman to her house.
C:The old woman was waiting for her husband.
D:Mr Black stopped his car when he saw the old woman.Stay as safe as possible during an earthquake. Be aware that some earthquakes are actually foreshocks  and a larger earthquake might occur. Reduce your movements to a few steps to a nearby safe place.
If you are indoors, do "duck, cover and hold". Duck or drop down to the floor, under something strong, such as a table or a desk, cover your head and face with your arms and hands and hold on to that table or desk so that it does not move away from you as the ground shakes. Do this until the shaking stops and it is safe to move. Stay inside to avoid being injured by falling glass or building parts. If there isn't a table or desk near you, cover your face and head with your arms and crouch  in an inside corner of the building.
Stay clear of windows, fireplaces, and heavy furniture that may fall over. Stay inside until the shaking stops and it is safe to go outside. Research has shown that most injuries occur when people inside buildings attempt to move to a different location inside the building or try to leave.
If you are outside, get into the open and stay there. Move away from trees, buildings, signs and power lines. Once in the open, stay there until the shaking stops. The greatest danger exists directly outside buildings, at exits and alongside exterior walls. Ground movement during an earthquake is seldom the direct cause of death or injury. Most earthquake-related casualties  result from collapsing walls, flying glass, and falling objects.
If you are driving, you may not realize what is going on at first because the car may feel like it is going to blow up. Stop the car in as clear and open an area as possible and stay in it until the shaking stops. If it is a really bad quake, turn on the radio to find an emergency channel to get information. Follow the directions of people directing traffic.
If you are in a mountainous area, watch out for falling rock and other debris that could be loosened by the earthquake.
If you are at the beach, move quickly to higher ground or several hundred yards inland.
The question is: The passage is mainly about   _  during the earthquake.
The possible answers are:
A:ways of keeping you safe
B:the importance of keeping safe
C:ways of finding safe places
D:researches on how to keep safeRight in the middle of the town are some long ponds . They are only about half a foot deep. The men of Symi dug out the earth to make the ponds.
Over each pond is a low cover. It is made of glass that you can see through.
At night, sea water is taken into the ponds. The next day, the hot sun shines through the covers. The sun light turns the water into vapor  and the vapor goes up from the ponds. The salt is left behind.
As it goes, the vapor became mist. On the inside of each cover, the little drops of mist run together to make big drops. These drops run down the sides of the cover, filling other ponds with fresh water.
The salt left in the ponds is washed out each night. Then more sea water is taken in. The factory is ready for the next day's work. The covers and other parts of the factory cost very little. Sea water and sun cost nothing. Most people of Symi are poor. So to them this new way of getting fresh water seems wonderful.
The question is: Where are the little drops made into big drops?
The possible answers are:
A:On the inside of the covers.
B:In the ponds with fresh water.
C:On the walls of the salt water ponds.
D:Between the fresh water and the salt water.Greek Roman  Festival
Friday, April 28th
You can join one group. As a member of the group, you will take part in at least ONE of the following activities.
1Compete in an Olympic event. Remember there is only small space for each event, so don't be late.
 Hercules Throw. Throw a football through a hoop  20 feet away.
 Three Headed Race Three people line up with touching legs tied. Then they run 100 metres in the playground.
 Toga Barrow Race This is like a wheelbarrow race. (Runners take hold of partners feet while partners walk on hands.)
2Make Greek or Roman food. Mrs Jones has a list of recipes  from ancient  Greece and Rome. You may make American food, but be sure to give it a special, mythological  name. For example, call your chocolate cake "Zeus's Delight." This is a great way to practice your skills in the kitchen.
3Create a work of art for the museum. Be sure your artwork shows ancient Greek or Roman culture. Artworks may include sculptures, paintings, mosaics, drawings or models. The museum is a great place to show off your artistic talent.
4Perform a new short performance, song or dance for the talent show. Rewrite your favorite Greek myth  by using modern language, or change the words of a popular song to tell a Greek or Roman story. Send your creative ideas to your English teacher for agreement. You must first perform for a group of teachers. The teachers choose the BEST performance groups for the talent show, so be sure your group has prepared for it.
This timetable will help groups know when each event will take place and where to go.
Group Number1:00-1:251:30-1:552:00-2:252:30-3:30IOlympics/
Playground Museum/Library Food Court/
Dining Hall IIFood Court/
Dining Hall Olympics/
Playground Museum/Library IIIMuseum/Library Food Court/
Dining Hall Olympics/
Playground Talent Show/
School Theatre
The question is: For what purpose is the festival most probably held?
The possible answers are:
A:To improve students artistic talent.
B:To make students more physically strong.
C:To make students more creative in making foods or performing.
D:To help students learn about ancient Greek and Roman cultures.This sad story happened on a cold winter evening. It was so cold and snow was falling so heavily that the roads were covered with ice and a strong wind was blowing. Being outside in such weather was very unwise. However, Peter Lee had to walk home from work. Peter walked with difficulty along a country road, the cold wind beating against his chest. He thought, "If I wear my coat backwards, maybe, it will be a little bit warmer for me." He stopped walking, took off his coat, and put it on backwards. "That's much better," he said to himself happily. Walking on through the thickly falling snow, he was thinking about drinking a cup of warm coffee by the burning fireplace.
A few minutes later, a car knocked down Peter. The driver hadn't seen him soon enough. When he tried his best to put on the brakes  , the car skidded   on the icy road. The frightened driver got out of the car and ran to see how the poor man was.
After a while, a police car arrived. A policeman went up to see Mr Lee who was lying on the ground. He told the driver, "I'm afraid he's dead."
The driver was so surprised. "This can't be the case, because I hardly touched him. Check my car carefully. There's not a mark on it."
The policeman said, "I'm sure he's dead."
"It's impossible," the driver said anxiously. "As soon as I hit him, I ran to help him. He was lying on the road, but he was breathing and there was no blood."
"Did you touch him?" the policeman asked.
"Yes, but only to turn his head around the right way," the driver answered.
The question is: Why did the writer say this story was a sad one?
The possible answers are:
A:It was rather cold that day.
B:Snow was falling heavily that day.
C:The man in the story was made dead by mistake.
D:An accident happened on the road.Fashion isn't very environmentally-friendly because it makes people buy things they don't need, just because they're new. We want to take care of the environment, we don't want to pollute the air and we don't want to waste energy and resources. But we also want to be fashionable. How can we buy fashionable clothes and protect the environment?
Old styles are fashionable again, so one way is to buy second-hand clothes -- recycled clothes. Another way is to buy' fair trade clothes. These clothes are either recycled or made in a ' way that protects the environment. They also protect the people who make the clothes.
Surprisingly, white cotton is one of the least environmentally-friendly crops of all. To protect the cotton, the growers use chemicals that pollute water, make farm workers ill and kill wildlife. New materials, such as hemp and bamboo, grow quickly and are more environmentally-friendly. These materials are very soft, and look fantastic. The best materials are coloured using natural dyes, made from plants.
Environmentally-friendly clothes are practical but until now they were often dull. Now fashion-designers are working with these materials and the clothes are beautiful as well. So now we can buy fashionable clothes that are also environmentally-friendly.
The question is: Why are environmentally -friendly clothes more fashionable now? Because  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:people pay more attention to our environment
B:environmentally-friendly clothes are practical
C:all old styles become fashionable again
D:fashion-designers are working to make them beautifulCan plants eat people? Probably not,but there are many plants that eat meat.Some of them are big.And they can eat small animals.One famous meat-eating plant is the Venus flytrap .
The Venus flytrap is a very strange plant.It grows in dry parts of the United States.Its leaves are like the pages of a book.They can open and close very quickly.Inside the leaves,there are three small hairs.If a fly touches one of the hairs,the leaf closes quickly.The fly cannot get out.In about half an hour,the leaf _ the fly until it is dead.Then,the plant covers the fly.Slowly,the plant eats the fly.
Why do plants do it? Most plants get what they need from the sun,the air,and the ground.In some places,the ground is very poor.It doesn't have all these important things,
especially nitrogen .Animal meat has a lot of nitrogen, so some plants eat meat to get what they need.Let's hope that some of the bigger plants don't get the same idea !
The question is: The Venus flytrap grows in  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:most parts of the world
B:some parts of Africa
C:dry parts of the United States
D:wet parts of EnglandNews 1
Yuan Longping, the father of hybrid rice, won the World Food Prize on Monday. Yuan developed the world's first popular and widely known hybrid rice. Hybrid rice plants can make more rice than regular ones.
News 2
Have you ever got angry at books that are full of mistakes? Don't worry, things will get better soon. Last week, China started checking textbooks, dictionaries and children's books all over the country. The government said the results of the check would come out at the end of June.
News 3
People will see a new "star" in the sky soon. China plants to send a satellite into space by December 2006.It will stay in space for one year. It will go around the moon and take pictures. It must be very expensive, right? That's for sure; 1.4 billion yuan!
News 4
Have you ever thought of being able to fly around the world in a few hours? One day, maybe you can. Last Saturday, the American X-43A airplane made its first flight. It reached a speed of 8,000 kilometers per hour. This makes it the fastest plane in the world.X-43A is only three to four meters long, but it's very heavy. It weighs 1,270 kilograms.
The question is: Which of the following statements about the new star is NOT true?
The possible answers are:
A:It will go around the moon.
B:It will stay in space for two years.
C:It costs a lot.
D:It will go into space by December 2006.Students are leaving the junior high school . What are they taking with them ? A lot of things for sure , but the most important thing is friends .
We asked some teachers to give us one last lesson . The lesson is proverbs(, ) about friends . Proverbs teach people about life . Older people often teach proverbs to younger people . Every culture has proverbs . They are short and easy to remember .
Mrs Minelli says , " It is important to remember this Sicilian proverb , ' Only your real friends will tell you when your face is dirty .' It means that only good friends tell you when you are making a mistake ."
Mr Tulga says , " I have a favorite proverb about friends , ' Friendship is a plant we must water .' It is German . It means that everyone needs to take care of friendship like we take care of a garden ."
Mr Tulga says , "My grandfather in Turkey told me , 'Nobody is so rich that he can throw away a friend .' It means that everyone needs friends . Be good to them ."
The good news is :there is no test for this lesson ,. The bad news is :We will miss you .
Goodbye , friends ! Don't forget us !
The question is: Which of the following is true from the passage ?
The possible answers are:
A:Only some countries have their proverbs about friends .
B:After the last lesson , the students will have a test for it .
C:If you are rich enough , you can throw away your friends .
D:Proverbs are usually short , and they teach people about life .Bob and his family like eating fish very much. He often buys some fish in the shop and takes them home for dinner. His wife   often asks her friends to their home to have lunch and eat fish. One day, Bob buys some fish home and goes to his office to work. His wife sees the fish and thinks, "Good! I can ask my friends to come for lunch."
When Bob comes home from work in the evening, he can't find his fish. His wife says, " Oh, It's your cat. Your cat eats it." And she gives Bob some bread for dinner. The husband is very angry . He takes the cat and his wife to the shop near   their home to _ the cat. Then he asks his wife, "You see, my fish is one kilo, and this cat is one kilo, too. My fish is here. Then where is my cat?"
,.
The question is: What's the best title   of this passage?
The possible answers are:
A:Bob and His Wife
B:The Clever Cat
C:Where is My Fish?
D:Eating FishIf a snake bites you, take a photo with your mobile phone! It save your life. This is the surprising advice of a British cook. One day Henry Jackson was working in a restaurant kitchen. He picked up a dish from a table, and suddenly a snake appeared and bit him on the hand. A few days earlier, the snake came to the restaurant from Asia in a box of bananas. It climbed out of the box and hid under the dish. " I tried to pick it up and it bit me. I threw it away, but it landed in the fridge. So I closed the door." Jackson said. Anyway, Jackson was cool and he took a photo of the snake with his mobile phone. Soon his hand began to ache and he went to hospital. Then his chest began to hurt. Doctors couldn't say what was wrong because they didn't know what kind of snake it was.
Then Jackson remembered his mobile phone photo. The doctors sent it to London Zoo. When they knew the kind of snake, they could give Jackson the right medicine, and he left hospital the next day. " So my advice is this: If a snake bits you, pick up your phone. Take its photo first and then call the hospital. Show the photo to the doctors," suggests Mr. Jackson. " Oh, and if the snake doesn't smile for its photo, don't worry!"
The question is: When the snake bit Mr. Jackson, it was  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:hiding in a box of bananas
B:climbing out of a box of bananas
C:lying under a dish
D:climbing into the fridgeSome people like to collect stamps. Others prefer posters or coins. But Pinky Bhutia is different. She collects children. In her mountain village, in Sikkim, she is known as the wonderful young woman who adopts  all the children she can.
Pinky was 14 when she adopted her first child, a Nepali baby girl, whose patents passed away. Pinky's parents did not mind. Pinky left school and started working full time because she had a baby to feed. Today , she has twelve adopted children, and two sons from her marriage.
Pinky is about 30 years old and she comes from a common family. If you passed her on the street, you wouldn't give her a second look. She lives in a brown mud-washed  house. There is a vegetable garden outside. Red hens with noisy chicks run all over the garden looking for food.
If you ask her why she provides a home to so many kids, she smiles shyly. But her eyes are serious. "I know what it is to  be poor and hungry." As a child, her only dream was to eat a full meal, and her favorite amusement was watching people with shoes and imagining what it felt like. By adopting poor and homeless children she is making sure that they never feel that hopeless.
Pinky feels very proud when she sees her children happy and bright, Her oldest baby, Aarita  Rai, is now 20 years old, Then, there is  19-year-old Nimbe who came to Pinky because her mother was unable to look after her. She started to work in a government office two years ago. Ten-year-old Bhim and 14-year-old Kumar came to Pinky five years ago, after their father's death. They started living on a patch of land given by Pinky and grew vegetables for sale.
"I like children. It's not one more mouth to feed but one more soul saved," Pinky says.
The question is: Whic of the following statements is TRUE?
The possible answers are:
A:Pinky likes collecting coins and posters.
B:Bhim and Kumar are from the same family.
C:People in Pinky's village have no shoes to wear.
D:Sartita Rai works in a government office.Our environment is being polluted faster. Man's present efforts cannot prevent it .Time is bringing us more people, and more people will bring us more industry, more cars, larger cities and the growing use of man-made materials.
What can explain and solve this problem ?The fact is that pollution is caused by man ----by his desire  for a modern way of life. We make "industrialization "our main aim. So we seem to be ready to give up everything: clear air, pure water, good food, our health and the future of our children. Large numbers of people are moving from the countryside into the cities, looking forward to the modern life. But as our world has developed so fast in the last twenty years, pollution has become a serious problem.
Isn't it time for us to stop to ask ourselves where we are going-----and why? It makes one think of the story about the airline pilot who was heard over the loudspeaker, "I've some good news and some bad news. The good news is that we're flying at 530 miles per hour. The bad news is that we're lost and don't know where we're going." The sad fact is that this becomes a true story when we talk about our modern society.
The question is: The story about the airline pilot tells us that  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:man knows where the society is going
B:people do not welcome the fast development of modern society.
C:man can do little about the problem of pollution.
D:the writer is worried about the future of the our societyFor 21 years,Georges Bwelle watched his ill father traveling to hospitals,which could not offer him all necessary help.
Jamef Bwelle suffered only a broken arm at first,but it finally developed into a hematoma. That would affect him for the rest of his life. Bwelle spent years taking his father to overcrowded hospitals.
It was not easy. They would leave home at 5 a.m. and ran to the hospital to be the first. There were a lot of patients. Some people could die because they were waiting.
The situation hasn't changed much since Bwelle's father died in 2002.
In Cameroon,there is one doctor for every 5,000 people while in the United States there is one doctor for every 413 people. And even if they could see a doctor,many Cameroonians couldn't afford it.
When he saw his father and so many of his countrymen suffer,Bwelle decided to do something about it.
He became a doctor himself.And he started an organization,ASCOVIME. It travels into the countryside on weekends to provide free medical care. Since 2008,he and his group of volunteers have helped nearly 32,000 people.
Almost every Friday,his team jam into vans and travel to villages in need. In each trip they receive 500 people. Patients come on foot from 60 kilometers around the village for free treatment.
The next morning,the team will do simple operations in a schoolhouse,town hall or home,and work into the early hours of Sunday morning.
On Sunday,the team heads back to the city,tired but proud of their work. They know that their help can make a world of difference to those they help.
For his devotion to his country and people,Georges Bwelle becomes one of the 2013 Heroes voted throughout the world.
The question is: We can reach the conclusion that Bwelle and his team are  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:patient and confident
B:polite and helpful
C:kind and hardworking
D:lively and creativeHave you ever watched the big parade  on Tian'anmen Square on October 1? Some students performed in the big parade. In order to get ready for  it, this summer, many Beijing middle school students had a different kind of vacation. Instead of hanging out with friends or traveling, they trained  hard for the 60th birthday of China this year.
Students trained from 7:30 am to around 10:00 am or from 4 pm to 6:30 pm, because it was very hot this summer. They wore white hats, T-shirts and blue trousers. The hats and T-shirts were printed with a red logo, the number "60".
The first week of training was PE. Students practiced standing and squatting. Then they moved on to practice the group show. When we watched the parade on TV we saw them making colorful pictures.
What did the students think of their unusual summer? "Sometimes we find it a bit tiring." said Lu Wenqi, 13. "But most of us think it's a great _ to take part in such an important show." Li Hui, 15, thought the same as Lu. She said her classmates were hardly late for training. "It's a wonderful chance for us," said Li. "When my parents were in college, they also took part in a national day parade. Now it's my turn!"
The question is: The first week of training was   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:to watch the parade on TV
B:to make colorful pictures
C:to practice the group show
D:to practice standing and squattingMr. and Mrs Black live in a small house near London with their children. Usually Mr Black comes back from work very late. At that time, his wife and the children are sleeping. So he opens the front door of his house with his keys and comes into the house quietly.
One night he comes home very late. It is 11:00 p.m. But he can't find his keys. He rings the bell . Nothing happens . He rings it again. Again nothing happens. No one can hear it. Mr. Black knocks on the bedroom window. He calls his wife's name. He shouts but his wife doesn't wake up. At last he stops and thinks for a few minutes. Then he begins to speak like a small child. "Mother," he says. "I want to go to WC." Mrs Black wakes up at once  . Then he speaks to her, and she opens the door for him.
The question is: Why can't Mr. Black open the door?
The possible answers are:
A:Because he comes home late.
B:Because he can't find the key to the door.
C:Because his wife is not at home.
D:Because he doesn't ring the bell.(one day Alice runsafter a strange rabbit and falls into a deep hole.She becomes smaller after she drinks something.She finds herself in a wonderland with many amazing things inside.)
Caterpillar and Alice look at each other in silence.Then they begin to talk.
Caterpillar:(In a tired,sleepy voice)Who are you?
Alice:(Rather shyly)I--hardly know,sir,just at present--at least I know who Iwas when I got up this morning.but l think I must have been changed several times since then.
Caterpillar:What do you mean by that?Explain yourself!
Alice:I can't explain myself, I'm afraid.sir,because I'm not myself,you see.
Caterpillar:I don't see.
Alice:(very politely)I'm afraid I can't put it more clearly,for I can't understand it myself.And being so many different sizes in a day is very puzzling .
Caterpillar:It isn't.
Alice:(Feeling uncomfortable)well,perhaps you haven't found it so yet.But when you have to turn into a chrysalis you will some day,you know--and then after that into a butterfly,I think you'11 feel it a little stranger,won't you?
Caterpillar:Not a bit.
Alice:Well,perhaps your feelings may be different.All l know is it would make me feel very strange.
Caterpillar: (At  the top of his voice)You!Who are you?
Alice:(Angrily)I think you ought to tell me who you are first.
Caterpillar:Why?
(Here is another puzzling question.As Alice cannot think out any good reasons and Caterpillar seems to be very unpleasant,she turns away.)
Caterpillar:Come back!I have something important to tell you!
(Alice turns and comes back again)
The question is: Where may their talk take place?
The possible answers are:
A:In a wonderland.
B:In the field.
C:In the tree.
D:Outside the hole.One day Mr Brown sees a young woman with several children in the street. He is very surprised  because all the children are wearing the same clothes. White caps, blue coats and yellow trousers. "Are all these children yours?" he asks the woman. "Yes, they  are," she  answers. "Do you always dress them in the same clothes? " asks Mr Brown. "Yes," answers  the  mother. "When we have four children, we dress them in the same clothes because we don't want to lose any of them. It is easy to see our children among other children because they are all wearing the same clothes. And now we have ten, we dress them like this because we don't want to take other children home by mistake . When there are other children among ours, it is easy to see them because their clothes are different."
The question is: Mr Brown is surprised that  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:all the children are boys
B:all the children are in the same clothes
C:all the children are lovely
D:all the children are wearing the same trousersYoung people can have problems with their minds.Some students become worried because they have to study very hard.Others have trouble getting on well with people like their parents and classmates.
Liu Wei,a junior 2 student from Hefei,could not understand his teacher and was doing badly in his lessons.He became so worried about it that he started to cut his finger with a knife.
Another student,14-year-old Yan Fang from Guangzhou,was afraid of exams.She got very worried when she looked at the exam paper.She couldn't think of anything to write.
A recent report from Jiefang Daily says about 18% of Shanghai teenagers have mental problems.Their troubles include being worried and very unhappy.And they have problems in learning and getting on with people.Many students who have problems won't ask others for advice or help.Some think they will look stupid if they go to see a doctor.Others don't want to talk about their secret.
Liang Yuezhu,an expert on teenagers from Beijing Anding Hospital has the following advice for teenagers:
* Talk to your parents or teachers often
* Take part in group activities and play sports
* Go to see a doctor if you feel unhappy or unwell
The question is: Liang Yuezhu's advice tells us that  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:it's better for the students who have mental problems to join others
B:it's unnecessary for them to be with others
C:only group activities and sports can help them
D:teachers and parents can't do anything about mental problemsHouse of noodles
We have three size bowls of noodles, small, medium and large. A small bowl of mutton  and carrot noodles is RMB 5. A medium bowl of beef and potato noodles is RMB 7. A large bowl of chicken and cabbage noodles is RMB 8.
Welcome to our house.
Lunch special
We have some great specials. The cabbage, tomatoes and rice lunch special is RMB 3. The beef, carrots and rice lunch special is RMB 5. The dumplings and soup lunch special is RMB 8.
Time: 11:00a.m---2:00p.m
Dessert house
What kind of dessert would you like? We have two new specials: (1) Apple, strawberry and ice cream. (2) Banana, orange and ice cream. And what size of dessert would you like? Small, medium or large? And we also have juice and tea.
The question is: If you have only RMB 3, you can buy   _   at lunch time.
The possible answers are:
A:rice, cabbage and tomatoes
B:beef, carrots and rice
C:dumplings and soup
D:dumplings and tomatoesParis is the capial of France. Its subway is very special. You can enjoy its culture when you are in this city. First you see many people reading books in the subway. Whenever they are in the subway or at the station, there is always a book in the hand.
The subway station in Paris is not big , but each of them has its special facts. Some stations looks ships. Some have clothes, caps and shoes. And every station has a big advertisement picture. But many of them are for selling clothes and cosmetics .
You can meet some beggars  in the subway. But the beggars in the Paris subway are also very special. They often play the violin or guitar in the train. They don't feel shy at all. Instead they think it is natural. After playing, they will go around the train and ask you to give them some money.
If you want to learn more about Paris, go to the subway and enjoy its culture by yourself.
The question is: What's the main idea of this passage?
The possible answers are:
A:Reading in the Paris subway.
B:The subway is the window of the Paris culture.
C:The beggars in the Paris subway station usually have some skills
D:Each of the subway station in the Paris has its special facts.One day an Indian went to see his doctor. The doctor looked him over and said, "Medicine won't help you. You must have a good rest. Go to a quiet country place for a month, go to bed early, drink milk, walk a lot, and smoke only one cigar  a day."
A month later, the Indian came to see the doctor again. "How are you?" said the doctor. "I'm glad to see you again. You look much younger." "Oh, doctor, I feel quite well now," said the Indian, "I had a good rest. I went to bed early. I drank a lot of milk. I walked a lot. You certainly helped me. But you told me to smoke one cigar a day, and that almost  killed me at first. It was not easy to begin smoking at my age."
The question is: From the story we can guess_.
The possible answers are:
A:the Indian was a young man
B:the doctor was a good doctor
C:the Indian would go on smoking
D:the doctor wasn't very carefulIf babies are given more love and feelings by their mothers, they will deal better with stress and anxiety when they grow up , research has shown.
The study of eight-month-old children shows even the very earliest life experiences can influence our happiness.
Lots of mother love makes children form a safe bond with their mothers , so they are able to feel safe in relationships when they grow up ,and they will have better social skills and deal with life's difficulties.
The researchers,  led by Dr.Joanna Maselko of Duke University in North Carolina,  studied the relationships of 482 eight--month - old  babies with their mothers during daily development.
They studied how well the mother had dealt with her child's developmental text and how she had responded child's performance.Mental health was then assessed when the babies had grown up - at the average of 34.
The more feelings and attention a mother gave to her child, the better her child would be. This kind of child had the lowest levels of anxiety, hostility and general difficulties.
The question is: If children are given more love and attention, what will they have in the future?
The possible answers are:
A:They will have a successful life.
B:They will have less stress and anxiety.
C:They will work better.
D:They will grow up better.It snowed heavily last winter in northern China.Big snows came to Beijing,Hebei,Shanxi,Ningxia and Xinjiang.For many cities,it was the biggest snowfall in 50 years.The snow made traveling hard.Many schools had to close for days.
Jia Aizhen,14,lives in Taiyuan,Shanxi.Her math teacher asked them to have a test on Wednesday.Because of the snow,they had the test later on Sunday.
"It was good because we had more time to study for the test,"said Jia.She enjoyed the snow from the window at home.
"I felt quiet and relaxed to see the white snowy world."
Kang Xinyi,13,and Wang Doing,13,are classmates at Shijiazhuang No.43 Middle School in Hebei.Their school stopped on Wednesday.Kang said the snow outside was 40em deep .
"It was so good we didn't have to go to school!"said Kang.
Kang,Wang and another friend had a snowball fight and made a snowman .They also helped clear snow off the streets.
"I never saw such a big snow,"said Wang."Last year we only made a small snow panda,but this year our snowman is 1 meter tall!"
"If the snow didn't _ for traveling,we would hope it would never stop!"said the girls.
The question is: Because of the snow,many students had to   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:stop going to school
B:have the test early
C:spend more time in school
D:go to school earlyIt's 5:00 p. m. Mike is driving his new car to his sister's factory. He wants to pick up his sister. But he doesn't know the way. He stops in front of a bank. At this time he sees an old man near his car. Mike comes out of the car and asks the old man, "Excuse me. Where is the factory?"The old man says,"Yes, I know the way to the factory. I can go there with you."The old man is now sitting in Mike's car. Soon they come to a small house and the old man says,"Stop here, please!"Mike stops the car and says,"But this isn't a factory at all.""No,"says the old man, "This is my house. I want to get home before dinner. Thank you for taking me home. The factory is behind the bank. So go back to the bank and then turn left. You'll see the factory. You can't miss it."After half an hour, Mike gets to his sister's factory. It's just behind the bank!
,.
The question is: Which of the following is NOT true?
The possible answers are:
A:Mike's car is new.
B:The old man knows the way to the factory.
C:Mike gets to the old man's home first.
D:The old man doesn't tell Mike the way to the factory.When I was young, I liked to play jokes on people I knew, especially on my parents and friends. One day my mother was cooking in the kitchen and my younger brother was playing near the window. I ran to my mother and said,| " My brother has fallen from the open window!" She was very worried about my brother and then I said, "Don't worry. I'm just joking. " And my mother shouted at me, " If you do it again, I'll punish you. "
One day I went swimming with my friends in the sea. I wanted to play a joke on my friends. In the beginning, I went swimming alone, and I called to my friends, " Help me!" All my friends came to help me, only to find out that I was joking. But the next time I wasn't joking. I swam in deep water and I was so careless that I was almost drowned . I tried my best to call my friends for help, but this time nobody came to saved  my life. They took me to _ . From then on, I haven't joked on anyone. I think this is the best lesson in my life.
The question is: What did the writer like to do when he was young?
The possible answers are:
A:To fight with his friends.
B:To play with his brother.
C:To play jokes on others.
D:To put others into trouble.It started as a game.Wendy and Peter were in River Park.They watched the boats in the river and visited the zoo.They played on the slides and swings.They watched the merry-go-round,but they did not have money for a ride.They ate their sandwiches at a picnic table.Suddenly Wendy jumped up.
"I know what to do,"she said."Look at all that junk under the tables.Let's pick it up."
So they picked up paper and empty boxes and cans.They put them in the green cans marked"Litter".Peter's dog Stoopy picked up some paper and ran away with it.Peter called him back and took it from him.Then they taught Stoopy to carry trash for them.They put it in the cans.They worked until there was no trash left on the picnic grounds.
The next day their friends Mario and Andy came to the park with them.They helped to tidy the picnic grounds again.Then they ran all over the park looking for litter.They tried to see who could find the most.After that,it was a game they played every time they came to the park.
One day,a man came with a camera.He watched what they were doing.He asked to take a picture for them.Then he took them all for a free ride on the merry-go-round,even Stoopy.The next day their picture was in the newspaper.It said."Five Litter Lifters at River Park".After that all their friends wanted to be litter lifters.It was the beginning of a club that was a model for others to follow.
The question is: What does the story show about Wendy and Peter and their friends?
The possible answers are:
A:They were big for their age.
B:They were glad to help.
C:They would rather work than play.
D:They found a way to make money.Joanne "Jo" Rowling was born on 31 July 1965, pen name, is a British novelist, best known as the writer of the Harry Potter books. The Harry Potter books are world famous. People bought more than 400 million copies. They have become the best-selling book series in history.Rowling finished the first novel, Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone in 1997. Later Jo published 6 more -- the last, Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows in 2007.
Jo is said to be the twelfth richest woman in the UK. In October 2010, Jo was named the "Most Influential  Woman in Britain.
The question is: She finished the first novel   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:in 1997
B:in 2007
C:in 2010
D:in 1965Not long ago, the only time you could see a robot was when you were reading a novel or watching a movie such asStar Wars   . Today, however, a lot of things in science stories have been science facts. Robots are starting to appear in our everyday lives. These robots have different sizes, shapes, and colors. But they all have the same type of man-made "brain". Leading the robot revolution  are industrial  robots that work in factories. Industrial  robots can do different kinds of jobs that are often boring and sometimes dangerous. Robots are also coming to American homes, though not as quickly as they are entering factories. These robots aren't as friendly and bright as those you saw in Star Wars.But, their makers say, today's home robots "walk", sense objects  in their way (and sometimes knock into them), and even carry objects (which they sometimes drop). Well, nobody is perfect.
We may laugh at home robot today, but some day they may see and hear better than humans do. We humans can only see certain wavelengths  of light, and hear certain sounds. That's because the abilities of our eyes and ears are limited. Robots, however, need not have the same limits as we have. Robot may also be equipped with devices that pick up information humans can't. To understand what their sensing devices  pick up is a hard job. Remember, man--made brains handle information, including all kinds of data, as zeroes and ones. Imagine the difficulty in trying to explain to a robot what a football looks like--using only zeroes and ones.
The question is: From the passage, we can see that factory robots   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:help to improve other types of robots
B:are most active in industrial revolution
C:are playing a more important role than other types of robots
D:are the tallest type among robotsWe can't remember clearly since when we started to take our mobiles to a dinner table.This happens a lot,especially when we eat out.Once a dish comes,instead of lifting our chopsticks,we take out our mobiles and click.Later,we post the photos onto Weibo or Wechat,waiting to be"liked".Then we check our mobiles from time to time during the meal,to see whether we get"liked"or not.We just cannot leave our mobiles for only a meal.
Does that sound familiar to you?Do you do that often?If not,how do you feel when others do that when having dinner with you?
A recent study suggests that what we are used to doing is not so good.Spending time taking photos of food makes the food less pleasant.To test this,some researchers did an experiment.Some people were asked to take photos before they could enjoy food.As a result,it showed that the more photos they took, _ .So,why not stop taking photos and just enjoy the food in front of you?
Besides the scientific result,there are also some other bad influences of taking photos of food before meals.After posting the photos onto the Internet,one will not be able to control himself and check his mobile many times."Does everyone like my photos?I hope a lot of people like them!"It seems that your mobile secretly calls your name all the time,even when you are with real people.
So,next time you go out to have dinner with your family or friends,how about not taking photos of food?Let the food be delicious as it is and share your life with people around you.Trust me,it will be a wonderful time.
The question is: Which of the following is the writer's opinion?
The possible answers are:
A:We take out our mobiles and click when a dish comes.
B:We check our mobiles from time to time during the meal.
C:Spending time taking photos of food makes the food less pleasant.
D:Some people were asked to take photos before they could enjoy food.You've probably known the crazy traffic in Beijing. Sometimes the cars could hardly move for a long time. The terrible traffic is caused by the poor road and China's ability to cope with   so many cars on the road at the same time.
With more Chinese people buying cars every day, the problem seems to only get worse. But a design company called Shenzhen Hashi Future Parking Equipment has a possible solution: the super bus.
The super bus would carry up to 1,400 people in its passenger compartment  . It would travel on a rail system that would be elevated   above the roads, so cars could drive under it. The bus will run on electricity and solar power, creating far less pollution than that from the cars it would be replacing  .
Beijing authorities haven't decided whether to create railways for the super bus throughout the city. But they are willing to give it a test drive. Later 2010, the company will test for the first time and in 2011 and 2012, the company will test the super bus with passengers.
According to the government, Beijing is probably to have five million cars on the road by the end of 2010. So it seems to be necessary to start taking the bus instead soon.
The question is: _   caused the terrible traffic in Beijing.
The possible answers are:
A:The drivers
B:The roads
C:The buses
D:The governmentMike is an American.  Now he's in No. 8 Junior High School in Tengzhou.  He's in Class 5, Grade 7.  Every day he gets up early.  He always goes to school in his father's car.   His classes begin at 8:00 a.m.  He has four classes in the morning.  He has lunch at school at about 12:00 a.m.  He has two classes in the afternoon.  After school, he goes home by car at 5:30 p.m.  and has dinner at 6:30 p.m.  After  dinner,  he  does  his  homework  with  his  sister  and  then  he  plays  the  guitar  for  a  while.  At about 9:00 p.m.  he goes to bed.
The question is: Where  does  Mike  have  lunch ?
The possible answers are:
A:At home
B:At school
C:In a shop
D:In a restaurant .Once upon a time in Greece   there lived a clever man. His name was Aesop.
One day, when Aesop was taking a walk in the country, a man on the road stopped him. He said, "Kind sir, can you tell me how soon I can get to town?" "Go," Aesop answered.
"Of course I know I must go," said the man," But I want to know how soon I can get to town." "Go," Aesop shouted to him again.
The man got angry. "He must be mad," he thought. And he walked away. Suddenly he heard Aesop shouting to him, "You will get to town in two hours."The man was in great surprise. He turned back and asked, "Why didn't you tell me that before?"
"How could I tell you that before?" answered Aesop. "I didn't know how fast you could walk."
The question is: The man got angry because   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:Aesop said he wouldn't tell him anything
B:he was very tired at that time
C:he didn't know what Aesop meant
D:it would take him two hours to get to townVanuatu is an island nation in the South Pacific. It is one of the smallest countries in the world. But for those who are interested in adventure and sport, there is a lot to do. Vanuatu's islands offer visitors two of the most exciting and dangerous activities in the world: volcano surfing and land diving.
Volcano Surfing
On Tanna Island, Mount Yasur rises 300 meters into the sky. Yasur is an active volcano, and it erupts almost every day, sometimes several times a day. For centuries, people have climbed this mountain to visit the top. Recently, people have also started climbing Yasur to surf the volcano. In some ways, volcano surfing is like surfing in the sea, but in other ways it's very different. Volcano surfers try to escape the erupting volcano--without getting hit by flying rocks! It's fast, fun and dangerous--the perfect extreme sport .
Land Diving
Most people are familiar with bungee jumping, but do you know bungee jumping started on Pentecost Island in Vanuatu and is almost fifteen centuries old? The activity, first called land diving, is part of a religious ceremony . A man ties tree vines to his legs. He then jumps head-first from a high tower to touch the earth with the top of his head--without breaking the vine. Every spring, island natives (men only) still take part in this amazing activity.
The question is: Which of the following about land diving is true?
The possible answers are:
A:It is not dangerous at all.
B:It was first called "bungee jumping".
C:It is a traditional activity in Vanuatu.
D:It came to Vanuatu from another country.Many people love going on a trip by plane , but an airport is usually far from the city . You have to arrive there and wait for hours for the plane to take off and it is often late . You can't open the window .You can't choose the food .Planes are fast ,but it takes hours to get out of the airport and into the city .
I like travelling by train .I think trains are safe . Train stations are usually in cities . when you are late for a train , you can catch another one . You can walk around in the train and open the windows . You can see many interesing things on your way . I know it takes a little more time .
I also like cars . You can start your trip when you want to . and you don't need to get to a station . You can carry many things with you too . But sometimes there are many cars on the road .
The question is: which sentence about the writer is TRUE?
The possible answers are:
A:He likes taking a plane because it takes a lot of time to go to the city .
B:He likes taking a train because train stations are usually in cities .
C:He likes taking a bus because he can drive it .
D:He likes taking a plane because it is fast .Why do people smoke? One reason is that people become addicted  to cigarettes. The addictive substance in cigarettes is nicotine . When people smoke, the nicotine goes right into the blood stream and makes people feel comfortable. A smoker's body gets used to the nicotine, and if he stops smoking, he feels nervous. Many smokers try to stop smoking but because of the addiction to nicotine they feel so uncomfortable that they often find it too difficult _ .
Another reason is that people simply enjoy smoking. Having a cigarette for many people means taking a break. For some people smoking becomes part of certain social rituals  , for example, sending the cigarette after dinner. Many people enjoy smoking because it gives them something to do with their hands. Reaching for a cigarette, lighting it and flicking   the ashes are special comfort in a situation where they feel nervous.
Many people also like the taste of tar   in cigarettes. However, it is the tar that causes cancer. While governments and health experts have tried to get people to give up smoking completely, cigarette manufacturers   have tried to keep selling them by producing cigarettes with less tar. Many people in western countries have welcomed these cigarettes since they found it hard to stop smoking and wanted to reduce the danger to their health.
The question is: Which of the following sentences is TRUE, according to the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:Smokers continue smoking because smoking is very interesting.
B:Tar in cigarettes causes cancer.
C:In order to look cool, many people enjoy smoking.
D:Many people in western countries welcome the cigarettes with more tar.Hello! I'm Mark Smith. I'm an American boy. I'm 12 years old. This is my little sister, Ann . She is five. My family are in China now. Because my father and my mother work in China. They are English teachers. They work hard. The students all like them.
Now I'm a middle school student. I have a friend at school. He's a Chinese boy. He's very good. His name is Huang Long. His English name is Bill. But I don't know his family name. Can you tell me?
The question is: Where is Mark now?
The possible answers are:
A:In China
B:In America
C:In England
D:In CanadaIs getting a black belt  on your life's to-do list? Then this elderly woman in San Francisco just might be your hero.
Just two years before her 100th birthday, Sensei Keiko Fukuda has become the first woman to achieve a tenth-degree black belt --- the highest rank in Judo  . Fukuda is now one of only four living people who have earned the tenth-degree black belt. Throughout history, only 16 people have ever achieved this honor.
Fukuda began practicing Judo in 1935 and is the only surviving student of its founder, Kano Jiguro.
At her teacher's requirement, she learned English to help spread Judo internationally.
During a time when getting married, building a family and becoming a housewife were the norms ,Fukuda broke from tradition, continuing Judo instead of getting married.
"All I did was Judo ... This was my marriage," Fukuda replied tearfully to the San Francisco Chronicle. "This is when my destiny   was set. I just imagined how long the road would be."
She described the Jiguro's school as "old-fashioned and sexist  about belts and ranks". In fact, an edict  that prevented women from achieving any higher than a fifth-degree black belt kept Fukuda at that level for 30 years. She finally got the sixth degree in 1972 when a women's division was created.
Fukuda thinks Judo and her life to be "gentle, kind and beautiful, yet firm and strong, both mentally and physically". Fukuda says this kind of beauty is not external . She explained. "I believe this inner beauty is true beauty... All my life this has been my dream."
Her dream was turned into reality, and the 98-year-old Sensei Keiko Fukuda continues to teach Judo three times a week at a women's Judo training center.
The question is: Why did Fukuda pursue  Judo all her life?
The possible answers are:
A:To look for inner beauty.
B:To help Japan become stronger.
C:To spread Judo around the world.
D:To fight against tradition.Rollerworld is a public skating rink that welcomes everyone from beginners to experts.
NOTICE
-- under 12's must be taken care of by an adult.
-- small cost for adults watching children
-- no dirty or dangerous skates
-- dress must be neat
-- no jackets, hats or open clothing to be worn
-- no newspapers, books, magazines, games allowed in Roller Cafe or Roller Bar
-- no smoking except in Roller Bar and smoking room of Roller Cafe
-- over 18's only in Roller Bar
"Roller skating fun for everyone"
The question is: From the poster we know Rollerworld can only be visited by people   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:who can roller skate well
B:who are over eighteen
C:who are neatly dressed
D:who are learning how to roller skateWhen I was about 12, I had an enemy, a girl who liked to point out my shortcomings . Sometimes she said I was thin. Sometimes she said I was lazy. Sometimes she said I wasn't a good student. Sometimes she said I talked too much, and so on. I tried to put up with  her as long as I could. At last, I became very angry. I ran to my father with tears in my eyes.
He listened to me quietly, and then he asked, "Are the things she said true or not? Mary, didn't you ever wonder what you're really like? Go and make a list of everything she said and mark the points that are true. Pay no attention to the other things she said."
I did as he told me and to my surprise, I discovered that about half the things were true.
I brought the list back to my dad. He refused to take it. "That's just for you," he said. "You know better than anyone else the truth about yourself. When something said about you is true, you'll find it will be helpful to you. Don't shut your ears. Listen to them all, but hear the truth and do what you think is right."
Many years have passed. The situation often appears in my mind. In our life we often meet with some trouble and we often go to someone and ask for advice. For some advice you will treasure   all your life!
The question is: Which of the following can be the best title of the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:My Father
B:A Serious Criticism
C:What People Say About You Is Right
D:The Best Advice I Ever HadA girl comes back from school. She doesn't look happy. Her grandma asks,"What's wrong, my girl?"
"Everything is wrong. The new school is far from home. I don't have any friends at the new school. I can't answer the teachers' questions in class. I don't like the school lunch," the girl answers.
Grandma smiles and says, "Don't be sad, my girl. Would you like something to eat?"
"Good. What can I have?" the girl becomes happy.
"Here, have some cooking oil ."
"No, I can't eat that."
"What about some raw eggs?"
"No. Nobody eats raw eggs."
"Would you like some _ then?"
"Grandma, I can't eat these things."
"Then what about a cake?"
"Good. I like that."
"Cooking oil, raw eggs and flour are not nice to eat. But when you put them together in the right way and bake  them, they will make a wonderful cake. Life is just like  baking a cake."
The question is: Does the girl have any friends at the new school?
The possible answers are:
A:Yes, she does
B:Yes, she has
C:No, she doesn't
D:No, she hasn'tAccording to the studies from the UN, the increase of CO2in the air is responsible for 85% of the temperature increase. CO2goes into the air when we burn fossil fuels to run our industries, cars and so on. Luckily, half of the CO2that we produced is taken in by plants, trees, land and the oceans. The rest gases are still large to cause worry. At the same time, we are cutting down forests that take in carbon from the air.
To solve the problem is not an easy job. Developed nations such as the USA, Germany and Australia will have to promise to cut down greenhouse gases by as much as 25-40%. Countries such as India and China that have a large population and growing industry, have to leave a smaller greenhouse gas footprint. Everybody must be active and stick to it.
The question is: How many countries are mentioned in this passage?
The possible answers are:
A:2
B:3
C:5
D:6Mary is an English girl. She's six years old . Her mother takes her to school in the morning and brings her home in the afternoon. She likes her nice school. She likes her teachers, too.
One day, she says   to her mother, " Mom, we have a new girl in our class today, Her name is Kim. She's six years old , too. She's very nice, but she isn't English. She is German ".
"Does she speak   English "?
"No, but she laughs  in English ", Mary says happily  .
The question is: Kim is   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:English
B:German
C:five
D:JapanMy son Joey was born with club feet.The doctors told us that he would be able to walk,but would never run very well.By the time he was eight,you wouldn't know he had a problem when you saw him walk.
The children in our neighborhood ran around playing,and Joey would join them, run and play,too.We never told him that he probably wouldn't be able to run as well as the other children.So he didn't know.
In seventh grade he decided to go out for the cross-country team.Every day he worked harder and ran more than any of the others.Although the entire team runs,only the top seven runners score for the school.We didn't tell him he probably would never be on the team,so he didn't know.
He continued to run four to five miles a day,every day - even the day he had a high fever.I was worried,so I went to see him after school.I found him running all alone.I asked him how he felt."Okay," he said.He had two more miles to go.Yet he looked straight ahead and kept running.We never told him he couldn't run miles with a high fever.So he didn't know.
Two weeks later,the names of the team runners were called.Joey was Number Six on the list.Joey was on the team! He was in seventh grade.We never told him he couldn't do it!
The question is: The writer wants to tell us   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:children shouldn't do what they can't do
B:children with club feet can't take part in sports
C:parents should tell their children what they can do
D:parents should know how to help their children in the right way.The hottest place in the world is the Sahara Desert in Africa. But there are deserts in many other places: in America, in Asia and in Australia. In 1917 the temperature in Death Valley, in the United States, was over 48degC every day for six weeks. That's very hot!
But deserts are not always hot. After dark, deserts are very cold.
Not many animals and plants can live in a desert, because it doesn't rain very often. But one animal likes the desert -- the camel. It has big feet to walk on the sand. It can live for a long time without water. Sometimes it doesn't drink anything for weeks -- so it gets very thirsty! When it finds water it can drink 100 liters  at a time.
The question is: How many days is the temperature over 48degC in Death Valley?
The possible answers are:
A:6 days
B:30 days
C:42 days
D:48 daysWhen you cough or sneeze, you'd better turn your head away from others and cover your mouth with the full part of your hand. And then, you should say, "Excuse me."
This seems so simple, but it is surprising how many kids have never been told to do this. Actually, I notice adults all the time who cough and sneeze in public without placing a hand over the mouth. One important thing I point out to the kids is that after they sneeze or cough on their hands, they should wash their hands as soon as possible. If not, they will be passing those germs along to everything and everyone they touch.
If you come to a door and someone is following you, hold the door. If the door opens by pulling, pull it open, stand to the side, and allow the other person to pass.
After a few weeks of seeing kids try to get through doors in the school and watching them enter restaurants as the door hit other people, I knew I had to discuss the problem with my students. Teaching them small acts of kindness, such as letting someone else go through a door first as they hold it open, may seem unimportant, but it can go a long way toward helping students realize how to be polite and think others. Once they've been told, they're halfway there.
When we have to go up moving stairs, we will stand to the right. That will give others who are in a hurry a choice of walking up the left-hand side of the moving stairs. When we are going to enter a lift, the underground, of a doorway, we will wait for others to exit before we enter.
After college when I moved to London, I was surprised at how polite everyone was in the subways. I was even more touched when I traveled to Japan. In both places, people made effort to make way for others. On moving stairs, everyone stood to the right and walked to the left. On lifts, everyone would stand over to the side and allow others to exit before they would begin to enter.
The question is: From the passage we can know the writer is a   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:doctor
B:traveler
C:parent
D:teacherIf you're into sports, you've seen it happen--tennis players jump over the net to shake hands after a hard match; football players exchange clothes after 90 minutes of knocking each other around; even boxers touch gloves at the beginning of each round. Players in every event, from spelling _ to golf, act in this way. It's all part of sportsmanship, a great tradition in sport and competition. It means playing and being calm all through the match.
Everyone feels great when they win. In the last few years, you might see some players celebrate a goal with a long victory dance or talk big about their ability. However, it's always hard for people to say in public that they made a bad play. Good sportsmanship is what they really need. It's the golden rule of sports.
Good sportsmanship means that you play by the rules, talk politely to everyone during games and stay cool even when you lose the game. At the school sports meeting, for example, it's more important for you to know how to work as part of a team and cheer your teammates on. That may help you enjoy more success at your future work. In competition--as in life--you may not always win, but believe me, sportsmanship will help you get through, and there is always the next match.
,.
The question is: When people need good sportsmanship?
The possible answers are:
A:When they win the competition
B:When they made a bad play
C:When they are in public places
D:When they want to have a long victoryDear Liz,
My stay in Thailand has certainly been the experience of my life.
Life is busy and exciting.Bangkok is just like any other big city with a population of 10  million and heavy traffic.I'm very lucky because my host family is in a nice quiet area outside  the city.There are Mr. and Mrs. Phairat, their son Sanan, who is 18, the daughter Chinda, who  is 16, and Grandpa and Grandma.
I go to an international school with Sanan and Chinda.The school teaches about 70 percent  in English,and 30 percent in Thai. I've learned some spoken language,but Thai writing is very difficult.The cooking lesson is my favourite.I'm learning all about Thai food and culture People don't use chopsticks here,but spoons and forks.When I come back,I'm going to cook you a real Thai meal.
Last weekend we visited some temples.We also drove to Pattaya beach near Bangkok.I  thought it was great,but Sanan and Chinda say that next month they're taking me to Phuket  Island,where the beaches are even more beautiful.The month after next,we're going to travel  to Mr.Phairat,s hometown in the north of Thailand.The Phairats own land there,and they  have two elephants.I'm going to ride those elephants -- and even wash them.Sanan and  Chinda say it's really fun.
I'm amazed by everything in this country,especially by the elephants.Elephants are an  important pan of Thai culture and way of life.They have been a traditional symbol of  Thailand for many years in times of war and peace.In the seventh century,a Thai king trained 20,000 elephants for battle.
I'll tell you all about my Thai boxing lessons next time I write.
Love,
Mandy
The question is: From the e-mail we know that Mandy is  _   when she stays In Thailand.
The possible answers are:
A:bored
B:quiet
C:excited
D:proudJean is a young girl who comes from a rich and famous family. She goes to a good university and has almost everything that money can buy. The problem is that Jean's family are so busy that they can hardly find time to be with her. Jean is quite lonely  . So she spends a lot of time on her QQ. She likes being anonymous  , talking to people who do not know about her famous family and her rich life. She uses the name Linda on QQ and has made a lot of friends.
Last year Jean made a very special friend on QQ. His name was David and he lived in San Francisco. David was full of stories and jokes. He and Jean had the same interest in rock music and modern dance. So it always took them hours to talk happily on QQ and sometimes they even forgot their time. Of course, they wanted to know more about each other. David sent a picture of himself. He was a tall, good-looking young man with big, happy smile. As time went by, they became good friends and often sent cards and small things to each other.
When Jean's father told her that he was going on a business trip to San Francisco, she asked him to let her go with him. She wanted to give David a surprise for his birthday. She would take him the latest DVD of a rock singer. But when she knocked on David's door in San Francisco, she found that her special friend was a 70-year-old man named Jim! How disappointed Jean was!
The question is: Jean spends a lot of her time on QQ because she is  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:rich
B:young
C:a bad student
D:lonelyHellen Keller was born in 1880 in the USA. When she was about 19 months old, she got very ill. After many weeks, the doctor told her parents, "Your daughter is better, but now she can't see and she can't hear." Her mother and her father were very sad. After a few years , things got worse. There was no way for Helen to speak to other people. She heard nothing. She didn't understand anything.
Then one day a teacher came. Her name was Anne Sullivan. She lived with Helen and her family. The teacher helped Helen learn words. Helen was a very bright child and soon she learned to spell her first word. When she was older, she went to college .
Helen was a very old woman when she died. The world remembers her today as a brave and wonderful person. She was blind and deaf, but she found a way to see and hear. It helped many people in the world.
The question is: Where was Helen Keller from?
The possible answers are:
A:England.
B:America
C:Japan
D:IndiaThe deep sea is not an easy place to live in. It's cold and dark. The deeper it is, the less sunlight there is. At about 3,000 feet, there is no light at all. It's very dark in the sea. Many fishes have no eyes, but some have big eyes. A few have eyes only on one side.
Besides the coldness and the darkness, deep sea animals face a third danger--other animals.
Animals must find food to eat. Many animals eat plants, and some eat meat. This means these sea animals have two big jobs. One is that they need to find animals as their food, and the other is that they have to try not to become other animals' meals.
,. (5)
The question is: How many dangers will animals meet in the deep sea?
The possible answers are:
A:One
B:Two
C:Three
D:FiveFranklin's ships had everything they needed . They had enough food in tins for three years and thousands of litres of lemon juice to stop disease. They also had two libraries with 3,000 books , excellent maps , scientific instruments , musical instruments and a new invention: a camera.
Franklin and his men left Engand on May 19th , 1845 and they sailed without problems across the Atlantic towards Canada . When Franklin arrived at Baffin Bay in July 1845, things were going very well for the expedition . On July 26th , some sailors saw Franklin's ships when they were entering the bay . That was the last time that anyone saw Franklin and his men alive .
The British government became very worried when they heard nothing from Framklin . They sent expeditions to 1ook for him , but the expeditions all returned without any news . The government offered PS20,000 to anybody who could help Franklin or anybody who had information about Frailklin . Nobody came with information .
Then, in August 1850 some sailors found the first signs of the Franklin Expedition while  they were searching on Devon Island: some old food tins , some papers , and , something very  strange , the graves of three men . The men all died in January 1846 while Franklin was waiting in Baffin Bay for the ice to melt . But why did they die? The three men were all young and three deaths in the first months of the expedition were very strange . What happened to them ? And where were the ships and all the other sailors? The mystery of the Franklin Expedition was growing stronger...
The question is: At last the first signs of the Franklin Expedition were found_.
The possible answers are:
A:in August 1850 on Devon Island
B:in January 1846 near Baffin Bay
C:on May 19th , 1845 near Baffin Bay
D:in January 1846 on Devon BayYou are probably familiar with the saying:An apple a day keeps the doctor away. A recent research carried out by the Chinese University of Hong Kong may change the saying:
An apple a day may keep aging away.
The research chose fruit flies , as they share many genes with humans. The fruit flies were either fed normally or had an apple extract  added to their diet.
It turned out that those fruit flies that were given apple extract lived about 55 days--five days longer than the flies that were normally fed. The research group also found it easier for the flies to walk,climb and move about as they aged.
According to the result, the researchers believed that the antioxidants  in the apple extract helped clean up dangerous chemicals  that cause illnesses,as well as aging.
In another study,researchers examined diets of thousands of women. They discovered that those who regularly ate apples were 20 percent less likely to suffer heart illnesses and stroke.
The apples' genetic code  was discovered recently. It allows scientists to develop nicer and healthier fruits. Researchers are already using the information to grow a kind of apples full of antioxidants that can keep eyes and joints healthy and protect humans against heart illnesses and cancer.
Apples that kill the desire  to eat could also be produced, with the first"extra-healthy''apples on supermarket shelves within just four or five years.
The team that keeps studying apple DNA includes 100 scientists from five countries. Their research also suggests that around 65 million years ago, when dinosaurs began to die off the plant,which would finally become today's apple tree, experienced a great genetic change. The number of many of its genes doubled. The extra genes allowed the apple to get used to worse conditions and go through a different development from peaches,strawberries and other related fruits.
The question is: What can we infer from the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:Eating apples may bring us more advantages than we might believe before.
B:People who have the habit of eating apples don't need to see a doctor.
C:Apples that kill the desire to eat are already available in supermarkets now.
D:People will eat apples instead of peaches and strawberries from now on.It's the end of class. When the bell rings, students of Luohu Foreign Languages School in Shenzhen quickly take out their cell-phones. They want to log on   to their microblogs   to check the funny things that have happened in the last hour.    Since last year, the trend   of microblogging has swept the country. Recent surveys show that most students in middle schools have a microblog, and some even update  their blogs over five times per day.
"We learn many fresh and interesting things on microblogs and they have become popular topics in class," said Liang Jianmin, 14, a student at Harbin No 3 Middle School. "If you do not know about them, you are out of the loop  ." It is also a great place for students to _ stress. "My parents always ask me to study hard, and encourage me before exams, but actually it adds pressure  ," said Zhang Yazhe, 15, a student in Luohu Foreign Languages School. "When I share these feelings on my microblog, I get many replies from friends in the same situation, which makes me feel better."  But parents are worried that microblogging could be a waste of time. Some misleading  messages may even cause danger to kids, they said.
Shen Mingde, a professor at the China Education Association, suggests parents not worry too much as long as kids are not crazy about microblogging. Instead, it can become a window for parents to understand their children.
"If parents can read their children's microblogs, they'll know their thoughts, thus   leading to better communication and solutions to problems," he said. Micro blogging tips for kids
1. Don't microblog for more than one hour a day.
2. Never microblog in class.
3. Try to talk face to face with people instead of just microblogging.
4. Be critical  . Don't trust all the messages on a microblog.
The question is: Which statement is true according to the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:Kids should microblog for more than one hour a day.
B:Kids should try to talk face to face with people instead of just microblogging.
C:The trend of microblogging has swept the country since five years ago.
D:Kids should trust all the messages on a microblog.On May 23, Shenzhen introduced new rules in order to prevent the "Chinese style of crossing the road". "Chinese people cross roads without thinking about traffic lights, so long as they are part of a group of people," said a post on Sina Weibo.
A CCTV news program showed that in only an hour, more than 600 people jumped red lights when crossing a road in Shijiazhuang, Hebei.
Many people say that they jaywalk  because the red light lasts too long. Such an opinion is supported by a research group at Tongji University. _ did research on people's waiting times at different road crossings for three years. They found that Chinese people would wait for 70 to 90 seconds before they lost their patience. "People are likely to ignore  the light when the waiting time is longer than they can bear," said Ni Ying, a member of the research team.
However, a survey on Sina Weibo suggested that people jaywalk mainly because they ignore rules. "I always obey traffic rules. Time is important but safety should come first," someone wrote on his Weibo.
Many countries give out punishments to jaywalkers. In Singapore, the maximum can be three months in prison . Some Chinese cities have started taking some actions, too. For example, the first three people in a jaywalking group will be fined 50 yuan in Shijiazhuang.
But calling on people to obey rules is more important. To completely solve the problem, everyone should understand the importance of obeying the traffic rules.
The question is: Why do people jaywalk according to the survey on Sina Weibo?
The possible answers are:
A:Because people don't pay much attention to rules.
B:Because there are too many people on the road.
C:Because the red light lasts too long.
D:Because people have less patience.Mary is an American girl. She is now in Beijing with her parents. Mary doesn't know much Chinese, but she is studying it. She often speaks Chinese with her Chinese friends. Sometimes they can't understand her, because she can't speak Chinese very well.
It's Saturday morning. She goes out. She is walking in the street. She wants to go to the zoo to see the elephants and monkeys, but she doesn't know how to get there. She asks a Chinese boy the way. The boy can't understand her. Then she takes out a pen and a piece of paper. She draws an elephant on it, and shows the picture to the boy. The boy understands, and shows her the way to the zoo.
The question is: Mary is  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:Chinese
B:English
C:Japanese
D:AmericanI'm Larry. I'm really good at selling things. I also love helping people. But I'm not so good at solving  problems. I think I'd like to be a salesman or detective .
I'm Anita. I really like doing things with my hands. I also enjoy working with wood. I don't enjoy working in the same place every day, and I hate being in noisy places. I think I'd like to be a factory worker or a carpenter . 
I'm Jill. I'm good at explaining things and I really like children. I can't stand working long hours. I think I'd like to be a doctor or a teacher.
I'm Maria. I'm really interested in meeting people, and I enjoy wearing different clothes every day. I'm not so good at organizing  my time and I can't stand computers. I am going to be a model.
I'm Jim. I enjoy helping people, but I can't stand working nights and weekends. I want to be a nurse or a social worker.
The question is: Anita doesn't enjoy working in  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:the same place
B:different places
C:noisy places
D:A and CTom grows the nicest vegetables and fruits, and the most beautiful flowers in his village. Plants grow in Tom's garden all through the year.Tom cuts some flowers for his sitting-room table and eats some fruits and vegetables, but he sells most of them in the market. His vegetables, fruits and flowers are so wonderful that they sell much more quickly in the market than those of other villages.
How does Tom grow these beautiful plants? He is so lazy that he just sits under his orange tree with his radio. He listens to music all day.
That is quite true. Tom plants things in spring, summer, autumn and winter. After that he sits with his radio. And everything grows. It is the music that does work. Tom knows more clearly that music  makes the biggest vegetables and fruits and the most beautiful flowers. Plants love music as much as people.
The question is: Which of the following is TRUE?
The possible answers are:
A:Tom doesn't plant orange trees in his garden.
B:Tom often gives away his flowers to villagers.
C:Tom is very lazy and he does nothing every day.
D:Tom eats some of the fruits and vegetables in his garden.Passage 3
A smile will tell people around you that you are a kind and friendly person. However, many people don't smile because they think they have ugly teeth. For example, one of my classmates, Mike, doesn't have very nice teeth, so that is why he seldom opens his mouth. He even says that he has lost confidence because of his teeth. So it is very important for us to look after our teeth. In fact, a lot of people have this problem. Some people inherit teeth problems from their parents, while others' teeth are damaged because of bad habits, like heavy smoking, eating too much sugar or not brushing teeth often. If your teeth are in bad shape, you should see a dentist and ask for help. They can help improve your teeth and tell you how to take care of them.
Smiling can help you to feel more confidence and make people think of you as a more friendly person. If you want to keep healthy, you should not only smile but also laugh. An Indian doctor called Kataria said that young children should laugh about 30 times a day, while adults should laugh between 7 and 15 times a day. So please take this chance to smile and laugh now.
The question is: What can a dentist do according to the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:A dentist can tell you how to improve your bad teeth.
B:A dentist can help you to take care of your bad teeth.
C:A dentist can tell you how to brush your teeth.
D:Both A and BMr. and Mrs. Green had different ideas about where to go last weekend. Mrs Green wanted to go to Florida  to see her sister, but Mr Green didn't like to go there. He wanted to go to Maine .
"Florida is too hot in summer," Mr Green said to Mrs Green.
"Maine is quite cold," said Mrs Green, "I like swimming, but the water in Maine is usually not warm enough."
"Florida is too far," said Mr Green, "We don't have enouh time to drive there. It'll take us more than two days."
Just then, the telephone rang. Mr Green answered the phone. It was his mother. "Is that Jim speaking? Please cme quickly. I need help. I'm calling from the hospital in Boston." She said.
They stopped the discussion , and they left for Boston at once.
The question is: What did Mrs Green want to do last weeekend?
The possible answers are:
A:To do some shopping.
B:To drive to Maine.
C:To see her sister.
D:To watch TV.We do the shopping on Sundays . I often go to the supermarket with my mother on Sunday morning in a car . Father likes fruit very much. We buy some red apples for him. Mother likes yellow bananas , but they're green. "Look! The strawberries are very nice, mum. Do you like them?" I say to Mum. "Yes, I like strawberries very much . " Mother buys some for herself. The oranges are very nice. Mother buys some for me . I like orange very much.
We need some vegetables . The vegetables in the supermarket are very good . We buy some tomatoes, carrots and broccoli . I don't like broccoli, but my parents like it . I like carrots very much. We buy lots of carrots. After shopping , mother and I have some French fries, milk and ice cream. And then we go back home with the fruit and vegetables .
The question is: Mother buys some oranges for   _   .
The possible answers are:
A:herself
B:father
C:us
D:meFarquaad, the ruler of a country called Duloc, decides that all the characters from fantasy stories must leave the country. There is a huge green monster called Shrek who lives in a forest and all the fantasy characters hide in his home, although Shrek doesn't want them to.
Shrek visits Farquaad. Farquaad agrees that the fantasy characters can come back if Shrek can find the beautiful princess that Farquaad wants to marry. Shrek goes to look for the Princess Fiona. He finds her and discovers that at night she becomes as ugly as him. When Farquaad discovers that Fiona is ugly, he doesn't want to marry her. But the monster and the princess get married, and the princess decides to stay ugly all the time for love.
The question is: What's the main idea of the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:Farquaad is a bad ruler of the country.
B:Characters from fantasy stories are in trouble.
C:The love between a monster and a princess.
D:Shrek saves Fiona so that he can become a hero.There was a young man named Bill in England. Before leaving school, he began to look for a job as a clerk. Few companies needed new clerks due to the financial crisis at that time. It became harder and harder to find a job. Luckily, a chance camp up to him. A company wanted to employ one person. He and the other twenty people joined in the first interview. After that, three persons were allowed to enter the final test which would decide one person to be employed in the end. Bill was lucky to be among them.
On the day of the second interview, Bill and the others arrived at the company on time. To their surprise, the interview was very easy. The interviewer only had a free talk with them, and then asked them to go back home waiting for the result. The next morning, Bill received a letter from the company which said he wasn't accepted. Certainly, he felt disappointed. On the evening of that day, Bill surprisingly received another letter, which said he was employed. But why was he accepted? As a matter of fact, the first letter sent to Bill was also part of the test. Every one of them got a letter which had the same meaning that morning. Only Bill replied with "Thank you" while the others said nothing.
Life isn't all fun. There is always something making us unhappy. When you feel disappointed, please say "Thank you" to the person who disappoints you. That shows your great generosity  and politeness to others. If you do so, you'll have more chances than others.
The question is: In this article, the writer mainly wants to  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:show how hard it was to find a job during the financial crisis at that time
B:share an unhappy experience with the readers
C:tell about how strict it was to employ one person
D:teach us the importance of great generosity and politeness to others.One afternoon, four black youths walked into a restaurant that served "whites" only. They sat down and ordered bread and milk. The white waiter just said "We don't serve blacks". The young men did not move. They were tired to death of segregation  and of being kicked around. The manager was called. When he saw the angry look in their eyes, he said that he was sorry, but it was not possible to serve them.
The next day, more young black people came, and even more came the day after to the restaurant. Then a gang of white youths came in and attacked them. Most of the blacks were beaten up and were black and blue all over. After that the police rushed in, the several people were put in prison---all of them were black, although they had not done anything wrong---just because they were black.
The news spread quickly through the black living areas in the city. A large crowd held a meeting round the restaurant the following day, forcing  the restaurant to shut. Young men, black and white, made speeches protesting against segregation and pointing out that black people only wanted to live a life in the same way that whites did. They gave out leaflets and soon the movement spread to other cities. Business became so bad at that particular restaurant that the owners were forced to give and served blacks.
Nowadays, all the blacks are served in all restaurants open to the public in America.
The question is: The reason why "all the black are served in all restaurants now" is that  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:making restaurants shut is important
B:people in other cities supported them
C:a meeting is necessary
D:black people are strongIn our daily lives, Wechat   is really hot now. Many people express themselves, exchange ideas and deliver information by Wechat.
There are a number of reasons for Wechat to be popular. To begin with, Wechat is a cheap way of communication, which cuts down a great deal of the cost made by phone calls. Next, Wechat is to the taste of the most of people. Its attractive and lots of functions  are loved widely. What's more, convenience also leads to its popularity. It is _ no matter where we are.
However, it has problems, too. First of all, our IDs might be revealed when we use Wechat and we could be in danger. Secondly, we may spend more time on Wechat instead of with our family. As a result, relationship  could break down. The last problem is that our attention might be drawn too much and sometimes we may find it difficult to focus on study.
There is no doubt that Wechat will improve as time goes by. So let's look forward to the better Wechat and have more fun with it.
The question is: Using Wechat could be dangerous because   _
The possible answers are:
A:relationship could break down
B:IDs might be revealed
C:it`s difficult to focus on study
D:spending too much time on WechatStreet art is very popular around the world. You can find it on buildings, street signs and trash cans from Tokyo to Paris, from Moscow to Cape Town. Street art has become a global culture and even art museums are collecting the works of street artists.
People have different opinions about street art. Some think it is bad, but others think it is a very beautiful new culture.
Street art began in New York in the 1960s. This style of drawing and writing became know as graffiti. Graffiti art showed that young people wanted to rebel against the rules. They traveled around cities to make paintings that everyone could see.
One well-known New York street artist is Swoon. She cuts paper pictures of people and puts them on walls. Swoon didn't start as street artist. She studied art but, later, got bored with the works she saw in museums. Then she fell in love with graffiti. The people in New York enjoy Swoon's style. Some museums have already bought some of her works.
Street artists do their work for some reasons. A number of them choose street art because it is closer to the everyday life.
Nowadays the Internet has a big influence on street art. Artists can show their pictures to people around the world. Many people in the city, however, say that seeing a picture on the Internet is never as good as seeing it live .
The question is: Where did street art begin?
The possible answers are:
A:In Paris.
B:In New York.
C:In Tokyo.
D:In Cape Town.There are forty-seven different kinds of kangaroos . The smallest kangaroos are about a quarter of a meter long; the biggest are taller than a man.
Kangaroos have very long strong back legs. These are used for jumping. They also have long strong tails used for resting on. Kangaroos' front legs are much shorter, and are almost  like arms. Kangaroos' heads are quite small, but their ears are quite large.
Mother kangaroos have a pocket at the front. They have one baby each year. When it is born, the baby kangaroo is straight  into its mother's pocket. The baby kangaroos stay there for six months.
The biggest kangaroos stand more than 2 meters tall, and their legs are so strong that they can jump more than 9 meters. They are very fast, and can travel at more than 50 kilometers an hour. They are very strong, but only eat fruit, leaves and grass.
The question is: How large are the biggest kangaroos?
The possible answers are:
A:Smaller than a man.
B:Bigger than a man.
C:The same size as a man.
D:A quarter of a meter long.What would you do if a stranger gave you some medicine and it would keep you slim or help you do well in exams? Would you take it?
Students at Shenzhen Luohu Foreign Language Middle School have learned to keep themselves safe by saying "no". In fact, what those strangers want to give them are drugs   . Drugs are dangerous to your health!
"Because teens don't know much about drugs, they might want to try them," said Zhang Dongsheng, the director of Shenzhen Drug Control Office.
Now, many schools arrange courses or organize some activities to help students know about drugs.
Liang, 16, was a good student before trying drugs. One day, some old friends told him it would be fun. After taking drugs only once, he found it very hard to stop. Liang began to spend all his time and money on drugs. Soon, he stopped going to school and started stealing. In the end, he was put in prison.
In China, taking drugs is becoming a big problem for teens. According to a survey, about one million people in China were using illegal drugs last year, and 72% of them were young people. Worse still, there are about10,000 drug users under 16 now.
Zhang has some good advice on staying clean. He said, "Drugs are dangerous. Never try them, even if you're curious! It is the most important for you to keep safe and healthy."
The question is: According to a survey, about   _   young people in China were using illegal drugs last year.
The possible answers are:
A:1,000,000
B:100,000
C:10,000
D:720,000An old lady went to the shop last Sunday. She passed a bank and saw a car near the door. A man got out of it and went into the bank. She looked into the car. The keys were in the lock .
The old lady took the keys and followed the man into the bank. The man took a gun out of the pocket and said to the clerk, "Give me all the money." But the old lady didn't see this. She went to the man and put the keys in his hand and said, "Young man, you are foolish. Never leave your keys in your car. Someone is going to steal it. " The man looked at the old lady for a few seconds. Then he looked at the clerk. He took the keys, ran out of the bank, got into his car and drove away quickly without any money.
The question is: The old lady saw   _   on the car.
The possible answers are:
A:a gun
B:a bag
C:a lot of money
D:the keysA young man is sitting by the road eating something. A policeman is coming over. At once ,the man gets up quickly and runs down the road. The policeman runs after him. The man runs very fast. But the policeman runs faster. After a few minutes, the policeman catches him. 'Where are you going?' says the policeman. 'You must be a criminal   if you run like that when you see a policeman.' 'No, no,' says the man, 'I'm not a criminal. I'm just too fat, you see. The doctor says to me that I must always run fast after eating.' 'I see,' says the policeman, 'You are running to help to lose some weight  .'
The question is: Who runs faster?
The possible answers are:
A:The young runs faster than the policeman.
B:The policeman runs faster than the young man.
C:The doctor runs faster than the young man.
D:No one runs faster than the young man.Zhou Yan, a Junior 3 student, wishes he never got a mobile phone. Last week, he went to see a doctor because his arms and fingers  were injured. The doctor told him that he had had "mobile phone disease ". A growing number of teenagers are getting "mobile phone disease" because more and more are using mobile phones.
Zhou got his mobile phone five months ago. He sent messages to his friends with it all the time, even when going to bed. Zhou started to do badly in exams because he spent too much time playing with his mobile phone. His mom got very angry with him, but he didn't stop playing with the mobile phone until his arms got injured.
Yang Ling, a doctor, says that if someone uses his mobile phone too much, like Zhou Yan, he might get "mobile phone disease". If teenagers find their arms or fingers hurt , they should go to see a doctor as soon as possible. Yang says teenagers should try to use their mobile phones less, especially  at school.
The question is: The writer wants to tell us  _  in the article.
The possible answers are:
A:only a few teenagers have mobile phones
B:using mobile phones too much is bad for teenagers' study and health
C:mobile phones can help teenagers get out of trouble
D:people shouldn't use mobile phonesLife is like a train ride. We get on. We ride. We get off. We get back on and ride some more. There are accidents and there are delays .At certain stops, there are surprises. Some of these will change into great moments of joy; some will result in bad results.
When we are born and we first get on the train, we meet people who we think will be with us for the whole journey. Those people are our parents. Sadly, this is far from the truth. Our parents are with us when we completely need them. They, too, have journeys they must complete. We live on with the memories of their love, support and so on.
There are others who get on the train and who finally become very important to us. These people are our brothers, sisters and friends, whom we will learn to love and take care of.
Some people regard their journey as a pleasant tour. They will just go happily along. Others will _ many upsets, tears and losses on their journey. Some others will stay on to offer a helping hand to anyone in need.
Some people on the train will leave a deep impression  when they get off. Some will get on and get off the train so quickly that they will hardly leave a sign.
We will sometimes be upset that some passengers, whom we love, will choose to sit in another compartment  and leave us to travel on our own. Then again, there's nothing that says we can't look for them anyway. But when we find them, we may not even be able to sit next to them because that seat will already be taken.
That's okay... everyone's journey will be filled with hopes, dreams, challenges, difficulties and goodbyes.
The question is: What's the best title for this passage?
The possible answers are:
A:Memories of a train ride
B:A pleasant train tour
C:Life is like a train ride
D:Life is full of hopeThe Chinese New Year is the most important holiday for the Chinese people. For the Chinese,the New Year comes with the first day of the First Moon,between January 21 and February 19. People get ready for the holiday for fifteen days.
Finally,at midnight it is the first day of the First Moon. People close the shops and the streets are empty. Everyone locks  the doors and stays at home.
It is an important time for the family. The younger people bow  to the older people. The Chinese call this Ke Tou. This means "to touch the ground with the forehead ".Then the younger people wish the older people a happy New Year. The older people give children gifts of money inside envelopes . The family then go to sleep.
In the morning,people dress in  their best clothes. Some people stay at home,others go out to pay a New Year Call. They are very polite and do not use bad words. It's the most important day of the year.
The question is: "The Chinese New Year" in the passage means "  _  ".
The possible answers are:
A:MidAutumn
B:the Spring Festival
C:Christmas Day
D:the Dragon Boat FestivalOne day, a farmer was walking along a road with his son Thomas. The father said. "Look! There's a horseshoe. Pick it up and put it in your bag." Thomas said, "It isn't worth the trouble." His father said nothing but picked it up himself. When they got to a nearby town, they had a rest. There the farmer sold the horseshoe and with the pennies he bought some grapes.
It was very hot, and there wasn't a house or a tree where they could have a rest. Thomas felt too thirsty to walk on. At this time. his father dropped a grape on the ground and Thomas picked it up quickly and ate it. After a while. his father dropped another grape and once again. his son picked it up and put it in his mouth.
And so they went on. The old farmer dropped the grapes and the son picked them up. When Thomas had eaten up all the grapes, his father said to him. "My dear son, if you had bent down early to pick up that horseshoe. It would not have been necessary for you to bend so many times for the grapes, always remember the lesson :  A person who does not worry about the little things will find that he can not do the great things."
The question is: The father dropped the grapes one by one because he wanted   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:his son to eat them all
B:to teach his son a lesson
C:to make fun of his son
D:to show his loveI'm taking my family to other countries to have a trip.My wife and I and our two children are all going along.My elder brother will go with us,too.He has never been overseas and he is even more excited than the children.My father is so old that he'd like to stay at home and take care of the house.
We're going by train to New York,and then take a ship to Europe.When we arrive in Europe,we're going to some countries for sightseeing .We'll go to places either by train or by bus.We're going to fly home.
It took us a long time to decide where to go,but I think we'll have a very interesting trip.We'll go to England,France and Italy.We also talked about how we would go to Europe.At first we wanted to fly because it would be faster and would save more time.But my brother likes to take a boat trip and the children like that,too.
The question is: My brother and my children would like to  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:do some shopping in Europe
B:study Italian in Italy
C:enjoy a trip by ship
D:learn French in FranceSkin-diving  is a new sport today. This sport takes you into a wonderful new world . It is like a visit to the moon! When you are under water, it is easy for you to climb big rocks , because you are no longer heavy .
Here, under water, everything is blue and green. During the day ,there is enough light .When fish swim nearby , you can catch them with your hands .
When you have tanks   of air on your back, you can stay in keep water for a long time. But you must be careful when you dive in deep water. To catch fish is one of the most interesting parts of this sport. Besides ,there are many other uses of skin-diving. You can clean ships without taking them out of the water. You can also get many things from the deep sea.
,.
The question is: Under water , a skin-diver   _   in the daytime .
The possible answers are:
A:can see everything clear
B:can't see anything clearly
C:can see nothing
D:can see only fishBill and his friends are in a big city. He takes a lot of food. His bag is big and heavy. Soon, Bill gets lost. He walks in the street for a long time and he feels tired  . It's eight in the evening, he goes into a restaurant. He asks for some drinks and soon he begins to sleep. When he wakes up  ,he can't find any people in the restaurant. The door is closed and he can't go out. He finds a telephone number and begins to call Mt Jackson, the owner   of the restaurant.
"Hello," says the boy. "When do you open your restaurant, Mr. Jackson?"
The telephone wakes up the man and he isn't happy. So he says, "Don't ask me about that. I can't let you in."
"Oh, no! I want to go out."
The question is: Mr. Jackson thinks  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:Bill wants to sleep in his restaurant
B:Bill wants to go into the restaurant
C:Bill leaves his bag in the restaurant
D:Bill wants to go out of the restaurantIf you think GM food sounds far away from you, you are totally wrong. In fact, you may eat GM food every day. Four of every five people in the world are eating GM food, according to the Ministry of Agriculture.
According to Xinhua News Agency, in China, the only GM plants that are grown for sale are cotton and papaya. Also, China buys some GM plants from other countries, such as soybeans and corn. The GM plants are used to make other products.
A reporter once said, "In China, more than half of cooking oil is soybean oil. And 90 percent of that oil is made from GM soybeans." So it's possible that we eat GM food every day!
Scientists have changed GM plants' DNA in a laboratory. Scientists usually do this to protect plants against bugs and diseases and have more _ . Many people think it's against nature. Also, they worry that eating such food might be bad for their health.
Is GM food safe? There's no agreement. Some people say that GM food causes tumors. But there are no long-term safety studies about GM food. If you want to stay away from GM food, you can start by checking the cooking oil in your home.
The question is: What's the main idea of this passage?
The possible answers are:
A:It's about GM plants grown in the laboratory.
B:It's about cooking oil made from GM soybeans.
C:It's about some facts about GM food around us.
D:It's about studies about the safety of GM food.Are you looking for something fun and would you like to help other people in your spare time? Then join us to be a volunteer  .
We are a non-profit organization  . We have volunteer jobs for people of all ages. Anyone, from twelve-year-old children to people in their 80s, can become a volunteer.
You can help people in many ways. Schools need help with taking care of children when their parents are working. Hospitals need volunteers to look after children when their parents see a doctor. Animal lovers can help take care of those dogs and cats without homes. There is something for everyone.
"As a volunteer, I don't want to get anything. Seeing the children's happy faces, I am happy, too."says Carlos Domingo, an old woman of 62.
If everyone helps a bit, we'll have a better world to live in.
Interested in?Call us on 1-800-555-5756, or visit our website:www. activol. com.
,.
The question is: Volunteers want to get   _   when they help others.
The possible answers are:
A:everything
B:money
C:nothing
D:computersFor many young people sport is a popular part of school life. Being in one of the school teams and playing in matches is very important. If someone is in a team it means a lot of extra practice and often spending a Saturday or Sunday away from home, as many matches are played then.
In can also involve travelling to other towns to play against other school teams and then staying on after the match for a meal or a drink. Sometimes parents, friends or the other students will travel with the team to support their own side.
When a school team wins a match it is the whole school. It means the whole school feels proud, not only the players. It also means a school becomes famous for being good at certain sports and students from that school may end up playing for national and international teams, so that the school has some really famous names.
The question is: If a certain school team wins the champion of several matches  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:the players of the school team will be famous
B:the school will be famous
C:their parents will be famous
D:their teachers will be well-knownFelipe and his friends are planning a trip to London. They have decided   their hotel, plane and when to get there, but haven't decided what they want to do.
Felipe would like to go boating in the Thames River. All his friends like boat trips, so all of them will go boating in the Thames River. Felipe also loves the British Royal  Family! He wants to visit Buckingham Palace and see the changes. But his friend Carmen doesn't want to visit Buckingham Palace. He would like to ride on the London Eye. Carmen would also like to visit the Houses of Parliament and Trafalgar Square. Carmen's boyfriend Leo likes shopping, and he thinks politics   is boring and doesn't want to visit the Houses of Parliament. Felipe's friend Juliana likes visiting museums, and she would like to see Buckingham Palace too. Carmen and Leo would like to go shopping in Covent Garden, but Juliana would rather do some shopping in Oxford Street.
The question is: What haven't Felipe and his friends decided?
The possible answers are:
A:Their hotel.
B:Their plane.
C:What to do.
D:When they get there.Maybe you can not imagine what a hotel made of trash looks like. But in Rome, Italy, there is a campaign called Save the Beach that has created a hotel out of 12 tons of trash in order to raise awareness   of our waste.
Save the Beach is an environmental awareness campaign set up by the makers of Corona Beer. They collected all the trash from all the beaches all across Europe. Then they built the special hotel.
It was reported that the hotel was fully booked  . And it was open only for four days there in early June, the same time as World Environment Day. Next to the "trash hotel" was the slogan of Save the Beach. It said, we have built the first hotel made of trash in the world. This will be the future of our holidays if we do nothing to protect our beaches.
The hotel was built just to show the _ we were causing to the sea and the coastline  . We live in the time of trash and we are running the risk of becoming trash ourselves. Do we really want such a world?
The trash hotel in Rome was just the beginning to support healthy, clean and trash-free beaches all across Europe by Save the Beach. Maybe there will be more surprising ideas in the future. Let's wait and see.
The question is: . Which of the following is TRUE?
The possible answers are:
A:No one could live in the trash hotel
B:The trash hotel was the first one in the world
C:The trash hotel was built just for fun
D:The trash hotel will be popular in the futureAmerican nutrition expert Professor Barry Popkin says that the number of overweight people in the world is now bigger than the number of people who don't have enough to eat. A billion people worldwide now weigh too much and the number of obese people is now more than 300 million. "Obese" means at least 15 kilos heavier than you should be. However, there are also 800 million people in the world who don't have enough to eat.
Professor Popkin says that the number of hungry people is falling slowly but the number of overweight people is rising fast. The main reasons for this are:
* People are doing less hard physical work
* More people worldwide now eat too much fatty food
* Too many people are driving cars instead of walking
* People spend too much time in front of a television
The United States has the highest rate of obesity in the developed world and Japan has the lowest. Professor Benjamin Senauer is absolutely certain of the reasons for this.
"Japanese people are fit. They use public transport and walk," he said. "The average American drives to work and drives to supermarket. When he gets home, he sits on a couch in front of the TV and eats junk food."
In Britain and many other European countries, there are three times as many obese people as there were 20 years ago. About two thirds of British adults are overweight or obese. "The effects of this are clear," said London doctor Elena Power. "We have more illnesses related to weight and fewer fit people.
China used to be one of the slimmest nations in the world. However, Professor Wu Yangfeng from the Chinese Academy of Medical Sciences in Beijing recently estimated  that 20 percent of the world's overweight people live in China. The Chinese government is especially worried about the increase in obesity among schoolchildren.
"We have a serious problem," said Professor Wu. "It requires an improvement from everyone, or it will get worse.
The question is: How many people weigh too much in the world now?
The possible answers are:
A:A billion.
B:20 billion.
C:300 million.
D:800 million.Dear Sir,
Good day! I want to become a pilot  , because my cousin is a pilot . I think he is great. He is cool when he wears his pilot uniform. If I become a pilot , my parents will be proud  of me and I can travel around the world . I am in the third grade in a university. I'm tall with medium build; I'm quite healthy and strong. I like playing sports .If I have a chance to become a pilot, I will have a great time flying in the blue sky. I believe I can be a good pilot .The problem is that I can't  afford  my dream .You know, to be a pilot needs a lot of money. My parents are both workers. They don't have much money. Could you help me find a sponsor ( ),sir?
And how can I get a scholarship  ?
I am _ your help, sir?
If you have time, you can e-mail me at www,cn,com . Your help will mean a lot, sir.
Once again good day and thank you.
Yours   Wei
The question is: Wei wants to be a pilot because   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:he can travel around the world
B:his parents will be proud of him
C:his cousin is a pilot
D:A, B and CMarch 21 is World Sleep Day. How's your sleep recently?
The Chinese Medical Doctor Association asked 8,200 people in China about their sleep. More than 36.3 percent of them said they often sleep badly. The study also finds that many students have only 5 hours of sleep a day. According to the US National Sleep Foundation, teenagers need 8.5 to 9 hours of sleep every night. What cuts into their sleeping time? Homework. Also, school starts early in the morning.
But bad sleeping habits also play a role. Do you like to have a look at your mobile phone before going to bed? The survey finds that 60 percent of people check their phones before they sleep. They read news, check their WeChat   or chat with QQ friends.
It's important for us to get enough sleep. We feel tired and think slowly. Besides, sleepy kids are often unhappy, says a study by the US National Sleep Foundation.
We can't change our school time. But there are still ways to get better sleep. Stay away from coke, coffee and tea at night. They make it hard to fall asleep. Watch less television. Leave your mobile phone and tablet computer   on your desk.
,,.
The question is: How do students behave in class when they don't get enough sleep?
The possible answers are:
A:They don't want to do their homework.
B:They sleep in class.
C:They feel excited.
D:They not only feel tired and unhappy but also think slowly.Henry is a naughty boy in Bayern, Germany. He has big eyes and a small mouth. One day, Henry is playing in front of a house. A woman comes up. She has small eyes. And she asks Henry, "Little boy, is your mother at home?"
"Yes, she is." answers the boy. And Henry goes on playing happily.
Then the woman goes over to ring the bell. The bell rings and rings, but no one comes to open the door. The woman gets angry and calls out to him, " You tell me your mother is at home, don't you?"
"Yes," the boy answers. "My mother is at home, but this isn't my home."
Then the woman stares at   Henry. The boy says, "You have big eyes, too!"
The question is: The woman goes over to   _   after talking with Henry.
The possible answers are:
A:knock at the door of the house
B:give a call to his mother
C:ring the bell of the house
D:ask his mother some questionsDon't  you  want to go to school? You could tell your parents you're ill. But last Monday, students from Shanghai and Zhejiang had an even better excuse: a typhoon !
Typhoon Khanun hit East China on September 11. In Shanghai, all the school were closed the next day, Monday.
It was the first time that Shanghai had to close schools because of  bad weather.
But some students still came to school that day. " I didn't get the notice that the school was closing," said Shen Sheng, a Junior 2 student from Shanghai Aiguo School. " But it was nice that we could play in school rather than study."
The school kept Shen and other 20 students safe inside and let them play sports like table tennis.
But the storm wasn't all fun games. Typhoon Khanun killed 14 people. In Zhejiang, it _ about 8,000 houses. More than one million people had to be taken to safer places.
Every year, typhoons hit different places around the world. Most happen in July, August and September. This year 15 typhoons hit China. Khanun was the strongest. Typhoons bring strong winds and rains. The winds can blow away houses and cars. The rains are bad for farmers' fields.
Typhoon also kills people. Earlier this month, Typhoon Talim hit East and Central China. It killed at least 124 people.
The question is: What did Shanghai Aiguo School do with Shen Sheng and some other students when they still came to school that day?
The possible answers are:
A:They were kept safe inside and played sports like table tennis.
B:They were asked to go back home as quickly as possible.
C:They were sent back home by their teachers at once.
D:They still had classed in the classroom as usual.It can be dangerous to travel by sea. Ships sometimes sink  far away from land. When this happens, the sailors  have to get into small boats. If another ship does not come and help them and they do not have enough food or water, they will die.
Most people believe we must not drink sea water. They believe that if we do, we shall be very ill because of all the salt in the water. A doctor called Alain Bombard did not believe this. He thought that people could stay alive by drinking sea water and eating small fish, animals and plants from the sea. On 19 October 1953, he set out in a small boat to cross the Atlantic Ocean . He did not take any food or water with him.
Every day Dr. Bombard drank just a little sea water. He also caught fish and they had water in them. He drank this water. He could not cook the fish, so he ate them as they were. He took small plants from the sea, which gave him more food.
Dr. Bombard became hot, tired and quite ill, but after 65days at sea he was still alive. He traveled 2,750 miles from one side of the Atlantic Ocean to the other, and on 24th,December 1953, he reached Barbados.
He lost 20 kilos, but he showed that people could live on sea water, the animals and plants in the sea.
The question is: Alain Bombard was   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:an old sailor
B:a fisherman
C:a cook
D:a doctorIn April, 2013, I visited Yangzhou.
Ge Garden is very beautiful and peaceful. The ticket has a map on the back of it that I didn't noticed until I had already left. But to be honest, I don't think that map is very useful because it isn't very clear an tailed. In my opinion, it's better to improve it. Compared with He Garden, the map on the back of the ticket for He Garden is much clearer, more detailed and more useful. However, in the room that has the picture of the family members, there is only Chinese, no English, so my advice is to add English in interesting places. I got lost in the Slender West Lake. I spent about 30 minutes just trying to get out of one area. I think they need more signs posted along the trails. I like the Slender West Lake best, as she is so pretty! The ladies that were sweeping were very sweet. They always smiled at me and said hello, so it was nice.
Taking a taxi is the most efficient  and quickest way to get around Yangzhou. I didn't have a problem getting to the places which I'd like to go to while using a taxi. The driver was very friendly. The fare isn't too high, either. But I didn't enjoy taking the bus. The bus ride to the Mastixia Bay   took long although I only had to pay one yuan. It was also hard finding where Bus 32 was. I tried asking some people in English but they couldn't understand me, so I had to ask in simple Chinese that I only know buy that still didn't work. I spent about one hour walking around the city to look for Bus 32. The tricycle  was nice, but it was a little too expensive for a small distance. Maybe I was _ by the guy who rode for me, but it was an enjoyable ride. I felt like I was part of the garden city more.
Over all I am satisfied with Yangzhou and will recommend it to others.
The question is: We can infer  the passage may be written by   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:a foreign visitor
B:a lady sweeping in the park
C:a taxi driver
D:a guy riding a tricycleThe Voice of China
Many Chinese like watching The Voice of China, because the songs sound really good. My daughter, my wife and I like it, too. We watch the programme  every Friday. Some famous singers like Wang Feng, Zhang Huimei, Na Ying, Harlem Yu are the _ . The coaches listen to the songs, and find their favorite singers. They can listen to the singers , but they can't watch the singers sing . Then they teach   their favorite singers. The singers sing songs again. The Voice of China is to find the best voice.
The question is: What is the name of the programme?
The possible answers are:
A:Around the world.
B:Animal World.
C:The Voice of China.
D:The Disneyland.When Mencius  was a little boy, his father died. Mencius and his mother were quite poor. One day Mencius returned home from school and found his mother making some cloth. It was very beautiful and expensive.
"How much of the book have you read today?" Mencius' mother asked him. "I haven't read any of it yet." Mencius replied, "I played with some friends of mine in the fields."
When his mother heard this, she picked up a pair of scissors and cut the cloth.
"Why did you cut your cloth?" Mencius asked, "It was beautiful but now you've wasted it." "You have wasted your time," his mother said, "now I have wasted mine. Look what terrible things we have done."
Mencius learnt a lot from this lesson. After that, he always studied hard.
,.
The question is: The mother cut the cloth because   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:she thought making cloth was wasting time
B:she wanted to give her son a lesson
C:she wanted to use more beautiful and expensive cloth
D:she wanted her son to do his lessons at onceOne afternoon, four black youths walked into a restaurant that served "whites" only. They sat down and ordered bread and milk. The white waiter just said "We don't serve blacks". The young men did not move. They were tired to death of segregation  and of being kicked around. The manager was called. When he saw the angry look in their eyes, he said that he was sorry, but it was not possible to serve them.
The next day, more young black people came, and even more came the day after to the restaurant. Then a gang of white youths came in and attacked them. Most of the blacks were beaten up and were black and blue all over. After that the police rushed in, the several people were put in prison---all of them were black, although they had not done anything wrong---just because they were black.
The news spread quickly through the black living areas in the city. A large crowd held a meeting round the restaurant the following day, forcing  the restaurant to shut. Young men, black and white, made speeches protesting against segregation and pointing out that black people only wanted to live a life in the same way that whites did. They gave out leaflets and soon the movement spread to other cities. Business became so bad at that particular restaurant that the owners were forced to give and served blacks.
Nowadays, all the blacks are served in all restaurants open to the public in America.
The question is: The manager said that he was sorry because   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:he found the four blacks were very angry
B:he knew there was no food left
C:he was kind
D:it was wrong for him not to serve blacksI have six baskets. Three are big . Three are small . I have some pears and some oranges . I put three pears in each big basket and four oranges in each small basket . The number of oranges is my age .
The question is: ---Do you know how old I am ?    ---You're  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:nine
B:ten
C:eleven
D:twelveThis is Scott. He has an interesting job. He works at a radio station. His radio show is from twelve o'clock at night to six o'clock in the morning. He sings well. He usually gets up at seven thirty at night. He brushes his teeth and takes a shower at ten past eight. Then he eats breakfast at nine. That's a funny time for breakfast! After that , he usually exercise at about ten twenty. He goes to work by car at eleven o'clock. It takes ten minutes to get the radio station. So he is never late for work.
The question is: Scott often   _   to the radio station.
The possible answers are:
A:takes the subway
B:by bus
C:takes the car
D:by subwayFor a long time being happy was considered something that just happened, and there was nothing special about it. Now we know that getting along with other people is something that we can work at. It is possible to act in such a way that other people will like us better. One way is being unselfish, not wanting everything from our friends. Another way is to look for good points, not bad points in other people. It is surprising how successful this treasure hunt can be.
You do not have to be spineless   in order to be popular. In fact, you will be liked or loved if you are not afraid to stand up for your rights  . But do it politely and pleasantly. Being friendly and polite to your group, to other people and to strangers and especially to those who do not look important or do not interest you is one way to develop a good character.
You cannot expect to be perfect, and you must learn not to be unhappy when you make mistakes. Everyone makes mistakes, and no one is to be blamed if he does not refuse to learn from them. Many young people become discouraged   when they know in themselves qualities that they do not like--selfishness, laziness, and other unpleasant qualities. Just remember that we all have some of these faults   and have to fight against them.
At the same time, it is important to remember that while you are probably no worse than others, the best way to be happy is to think yourself above other people. When something is wrong, it is good sense to try to make it right. Perhaps you do not like a teacher or a classmate. Try to see why, and look at yourself, too, to be sure that you are not doing anything to make that person dislike you. Some day, things may turn out all right when you have to learn to get along the best with the situation, without thinking too much about it. Worrying never helps in a situation you cannot change.
The question is: One of the two ways the writer suggests for us to get along with others is to   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:work hard at everything we do
B:enjoy the best share of everything
C:look for treasure in order to be successful
D:pay more attention to their strong pointsTom was nine years old and he went to a school near his house. He went there on foot and came back home usually at 4 o'clock. But last Monday he was very late. His mother asked, "Why are you so late today, Tom?" "Because my teacher asked me to stay behind  " Tom answered. "Why did the teacher make you stay behind?" the mother asked again. "Because no one could answer the teacher's question except  me," Tom said. "What was the question?" his mother asked. "The question was 'Who broke   the window of the classroom?'" Tom said.
The question is: Tom went to school   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:on foot
B:by bus
C:by bike
D:by carBeijing, Shanghai, Guangzhou and other big cities are exciting places to live. There are many interesting things to see and to do. You can go to different kinds of museums, plays and movies. You can also go to supermarkets to buy things from all over the world. But there are serious problems in big cities, too. The cost of living is high, and there are too many people in some big cities. Every year many people move to the cities because there are more chances to find jobs, to study at good schools, and to receive good medical care. But sometimes these people cannot find work or a good place to live. Also, too many people in a small space make it hard to keep the cities safe and clean.
Some people enjoy living in big cities. Others do not. Before people move to big cities, they should think about the problems of living there.
The question is: In big cities people can  _
The possible answers are:
A:find jobs more easily
B:study at good schools
C:receive good medical care
D:A, B and CThis is Linda's room. It's a nice room. It's very clean . I can see a brown bed. A photo of a boy is on the wall . Can you see a brown desk? Yes, it's in the room, on the left . A green chair is on the floor. Some books and blue pens are on the desk. Linda's lamp  is on the desk, too. It's a pink lamp.
Where is Linda? Is she in the room? No, she isn't. She is at school.
The question is: .Linda's room is  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:not nice
B:not clean
C:nice and clean
D:not clean or   niceThe earth is about 4,600 million years old. Modern man has lived on the earth for only 35,000 years, but during that time, we have changed our planet in many ways. Many of the things that we have done are good, but more are not good for the earth.
Water pollution
A lot of people, birds and fish die each day because of water pollution. Factories have polluted the land and the water. As a result, many rivers and lakes are now dead.
Air pollution
In big cities, factories, as well as cars, trucks and buses are the main cause of air pollution. Many people in cities now have serious health problems. For example, Mexico city used to be a beautiful sunny capital, but today it is always covered by thick brown clouds.
Soil pollution
In order to have a good harvest, most of the farmers use chemicals too much in their fields. That's bad for the soil. But this kind of pollution is difficult to stop.
Hope for the future
These problems are very serious for our future, so all of us should do something to improve our environment. If we can stop pollution, our planet will become more and more beautiful and our health will be better. Let's be greener people!
,.
The question is: Which sentence is NOT true according to the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:Most of things that we have done are good for our planet.
B:We must stop the factories from pouring waste water into the rivers and lakes.
C:Because of water pollution, many rivers and lakes are now dead.
D:Water pollution is very serious nowadays.There's one language that is used in every country in the world. It's everyone's second language. It's easy to be understood, although you can't hear it. It's sign language.
When you wave to a friend who is crossing the street, you're using sign language. When you raise your hand in class, you're saying, "I think I know the correct answer."
Babies can point at things. They're using sign language. A policeman who wants to stop the traffic holds up his hand. He's using sign language, too.
Sign language is a bridge between the deaf and non-disabled people. They use the movement of the hand, arms or body to express a speaker's thoughts.
Today, in many countries, there are special TV news programs for deaf people. The news reporter tells the news in sign language. At the same time, the words appear on the TV screen. The actors in the theater for the deaf often use their hands to show what they want to say. They can make a roof with their hands over their heads when they want to show "house". One finger over a person's mouth can mean "quiet". You can talk to people behind closed windows. And when you go swimming with your friends, you can have a talk under water with sign language.
The question is: If a policeman wants to stop the traffic, he often   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:puts his hands over the head
B:smiles to the drivers
C:holds up his hand
D:shakes his handIn today's class, I will teach you how to send birthday e-cards to friends anywhere in the world without leaving our classroom.I'll show it to you on 123 Greetings, which is one of the most popular free-card websites.
Step 1  Connect your computer to the Internet and go to 123 Greetings.Click "Happy Birthday".You will see hundreds of e-cards.Choose the card you'd like to send.
Step 2  Design your e-card.After clicking the card you want, you'll see the "Design" menu.In it you can find many things you can change to suit your taste, such as the colors and music.
Step 3  Add your message in the message box.The message box provides space for you to type a message.Think of something special and type the message into the box.
Step 4  Enter your e-mail address.Then enter the e-mail address of the recipient.Choose whether you want to be notified   when your birthday e-card has been read.You can also choose whether to send the card immediately or at a later time.
The question is: 123 Greetings is   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:a factory that makes e-cards.
B:a post office that sends birthday cards.
C:an e-card website that offers a free service.
D:a school that teaches how to make e-cards.This is a photo of my bedroom. In my room, a bed, a dresser, a computer, a desk and a chair are here. Under my bed are a video tape and a baseball. The computer is on the desk. My notebooks and a pencil case are in the drawer of the desk. A computer game is behind the computer. A clock is near the computer. A bookcase is behind the door. My books are in the bookcase.
The question is: I have   _   under my bed.
The possible answers are:
A:a video tape and a hat
B:a set of keys and notebooks
C:a video tape and a baseball
D:notebooks and pencilsDo you want to be healthy? Then you must eat well and get a lot of exercise. If you're healthy, your body works well and you also feel well. Here are some trips.
Eat more fruit and vegetables.
"One apple a day, keep the doctor away!"Fruit and vegetables have rich vitamins. They can help us to keep healthy. Remember to eat some fruit and vegetables every day.
Drink water and milk often.
When you are thirsty, water is the best choice. Try to limit soda drinks, such as Coca Cola, Sprite and Fanta. Milk is also very good for your body. Drink a cup of milk every day if possible.
Listen to your body.
You'd better notice how your body feels when you eat. That is to say you should stop eating when you're full. It can make you feel comfortable.
Limit screen time.
Don't spend too much time watching TV or DCDs, playing video games or using the computer. You should do some outdoor activities, such as playing basketball, going riding and swimming.
If you follow the tips, I'm sure you'll have a healthy body.
The question is: The passage mainly tells us   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:how to eat well
B:how to exercise
C:how to spend free time
D:how to stay healthyWelcome to the National Museum of Mathematics(MoMath).it is in New York City.It is
America's first math museum.It's also a fun place for both children and their parents.
Open the door ,you will open a new world of numbers,shapes and colours,and you will
find math is interesting.You can take part in many games and activities.They help you better
understand math." We want to give people fun ways to learn math,"MoMath founder Glen Whitney said."Here you can try riding a tricycle with square wheels .You can hop from one point to another and join lines to get pictures."
The museum is at 11 East 26th Street in Manhattan and is open from 1 0:00 a.m.to 5:00 P.m.,seven days a week,364 days a year(It is closed on Thanksgiving Day).MoMath closes early on the first Wednesday of every month,at 2:30 p.m.The ticket prices are$1 5 per adult and$9 per child,student,or the old people.
MoMath also has a traveling museum-Math Midway.It runs around the country to schools
and community centres .So you still can enjoy the fun of math even you live far from New York
City.
The question is: How much is the ticket for a student?
The possible answers are:
A:$l 5.
B:$1 0.
C:$9.
D:Free.long ago people made fires from lightning .  But they had to keep the fire burning, for they couldn't start it again if there was no lightning. Later, they found out hitting two piece of stone together could make a spark  . The spark could fire dry leaves. In this way they could make the fire again if it went out. Then people also learned to make a fire by rubbing. They made a hole on a big piece of wood and put a smaller stick into the hole. They turned the stick again and again. After a few minutes they got a fire.
As years went by, people learned other ways to make a fire. Sometimes they used the heat from sun. they held a piece of glass in the right way and made a piece of paper on fire.
About two centuries ago, people began to make matches  . Matches brought people a quick and easy way to make fire. Today matches are still being used, but people have more new ways to make fires. One of them is to use an electric fire starter. Of course an electric fire starter is much more expensive than a box of matches. But it is more useful.
The question is: Matches have been used   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:for about two thousand years
B:for about two hundred years
C:since people began to use fire for cooking
D:since people used the heat from the sun.We know good manners are important. Today I am going to tell you something about manners in different countries. I think you already know that people in different countries usually have different ways of doing things. Something that is rude in one country may be quite polite in another. For example, in Britain you mustn't lift your bowl to your mouth when you are having liquid food. That is considered bad manners in Britain. But in Japan you needn't worry about making a noise when you drink something. It shows that you are enjoying it. In Britain we try not to put our hands on the table at all during a meal. In Mexico, however, guests are expected to keep their hands on the table _ a meal. In Arabic countries we must be careful with our hands. You see, in Arabic countries you mustn't eat with your left hand. This is considered to be very impolite. So, what should you do if you visit a foreign country? Well, you needn't worry. You can ask the native people there to help you and you can just watch carefully and try to do what they do.
The question is: In Britain we try not to put our hands   _   during a meal.
The possible answers are:
A:on the desk
B:in the bed
C:on the table
D:in the pocketGabriel Garcia Marquez , who was awarded the Nobel Prize for Literature in 1982, passed away at the age of 86 on April 17, 2014. The world paused  to remember the cultural giant.
Garcia Marquez was born in Colombia, but he spent most of his adult life in Mexico City. As one of the most famous writers, he was widely regarded as "a giant of 20th- century literature." Garcia Marquez wrote in a style called " magical realism ." In such works, people live a daily life in a certain period of time in history. But meanwhile , magical things happen to them.
Garcia Marquez is best known for his 1967 novel, One hundred years of Solitude (<<>> ), which has sold about 50 million copies. It tells the tale of the small and _ town of Macondo which was separated from the outside world- of its founding and its troubled history over a hundred years. The story is a metaphor for the development of Colombia since the 19 century. As Colombian President Juan Manuel Santons said, Garcia Marquez wrote about "the essence  of the Latin American beings."
The question is: The writer quotes  from the President to   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:Praise Garcia Marquez for his achievement.
B:show the deep sadness of the President.
C:explain the writing style of Garcia Marquez.
D:describe the character of Garcia Marquez.Jim: Good afternoon, Peter!
Peter: Good afternoon, Jim!
Jim: Do you like computer games?
Peter: Yes, I do.
Jim: Let's play computer games.
Peter: That sounds good, but I don't have a computer. Do you have one?
Jim: No, I don't. But I have a TV. What about watching TV?
Peter: No, it's boring. Let's play tennis. I have two tennis rackets   and a ball.
Jim: OK. Where are they?
Peter: On the sofa.
Jim: Get the ball and rackets. Let's go and play.
Peter: OK. Let's go.
The question is: Where is the tennis ball?
The possible answers are:
A:On the sofa.
B:In the box.
C:Under the bed.
D:On the table.Are you shy? If you are, you are not alone. In fact, close to 50 percent of people are shy. Almost 80 percent of people feel shy at some point in their lives. These days, shyness is becoming more and more common. Now, scientists are trying to understand shyness. They have some interesting ideas about why people are shy.
Is it possible to be born shy? Many scientists say yes. They say 15 to 20 percent of babies behave shyly. These babies are a little quieter and more watchful than other babies. Interestingly, these shy babies usually have shy parents. As a result, scientists think that some shyness is _ .
Family size might cause people to be shy as well. Scientists at Harvard University studied shy children. They found that 66 percent of them had older brothers and sisters. As a result, they became shy. At the same time, children with no brothers and sisters may be shy as well. Growing up alone, they often play by themselves. They are not able to learn the same social skills as children from big families.
You may also be shy because of where you were born. When scientists studied shyness in different countries, they found surprising differences. In Japan, most people said they were shy. But in Israel, only one of three people said so. What explains the difference? One scientist says the Japanese and Israelis have different opinions  of failure . In Japan, when people do not succeed, they feel bad about themselves. They blame themselves for their failure. In Israel, the opposite is true. Israelis often blame failure on outside reasons, such as family, teachers, friends, or bad luck. In Israel, freedom of opinion and risk taking are strongly supported. This may be why Israelis worry less about failure and are less shy.
For shy people, it can be difficult to make friends, speak in class, and even get a good job. But scientists say you can get over your shyness. They suggest trying new things and practicing conversation. And don't forget---if you are shy, you are not the only one.
The question is: We can learn from the passage that   _   may cause shyness.
The possible answers are:
A:genetics, grown--ups and birthplace
B:genetics, family size and birthplace
C:family size, grown--ups and failure
D:genetics, family size and freedomMr.Brown is 80 years old.Every morning he goes for a walk in the park.And he comes home at twelve thirty for lunch.But today a car stops at his house.At twelve,two policemen help him get out.One of them says to Mr.Brown's daughter,"The old man can't find his way in the park.He asks us to take him home by car."The daughter thanks the policemen and they leave.Then she asks her father,"Dad,you go to that park every day.But today,you can't find the way.What's wrong with you?"The old man smiles like a child and says,"I can find my way.I don't want to walk home."
The question is: Mr.Brown has lunch   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:at home
B:in the car
C:in the park
D:at twelveIn the middle of a dark forest, there lives an owl . All the animals know that he is the wisest  among all of them. So they often go to him and tell him their troubles. Then the owl always teaches them what they should do.
One day, a little bird goes up to the owl. She is crying. "what's wrong with you?" asks the owl.
"I'm not happy at all. I don't want to be a bird," the bird says.
"Why don't you want to be a bird?" asks the owl.
"I am so small, weak and useless," she cries. "I want to be big and strong like the lion. He is very important, but I am not"
Then the owl whispers  something in her ear. At once the bird dries her _ and goes away. One week later, the bird came back. "Oh, thank you very much. You are a very wise owl," she says to the owl. "I am very happy now. Every day, I sit on top of the tallest tree and watch for  lions and tigers. When they come near, I shout at the top of my voice. Then my friend all run and hide. They are very thankful to me. I am useful and important now"
The wise owl smiles and says, "No one in this world is useless."
The question is: The little bird is not happy because  _
The possible answers are:
A:the lion often beats her
B:she thinks she is too small, weak and useless
C:she wants to kill the lion
D:she is very important.Cara and Ben are twins . They are ten. This is their room. It's a nice room. Two beds are in the room. The yellow bed is Cara's and that green one is Ben's. The twins have one desk and two chairs . Cara's
English book is on his bed. Ben's CD is on his chair. Their clock and pencil boxes are on the desk . Their schoolbags are on the chairs.
The question is: Cara's English book is   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:onherbed
B:onBen'sbed
C:onthechair
D:onthedeskI didn't think I had a passion . I would sit in front of the TV all day, thinking about nothing but the next show. It was not long ago that I first learned how important having a passion is to life.
That day I went with my mum to drive my sister to the gym. I was bored. Then, as my mum stopped at a red light, someone on the side of the road caught my eye . It was a man dressed in rags  . He was homeless. That didn't interest me, for I had seen many like him before.
But in some ways he was different. This man was not sitting down with a sad expression . He had a radio in his hand and was dancing happily to the music. The radio seemed to be the most precious thing he had.
"Mum, why does that man have a radio even thought  he's homeless?" I asked.
"He bought it," she replied. I was still unable to understand.
"But if he's homeless, why doesn't he use the money to buy food or clothes? He wasted it on something he doesn't need."
"Well, Sarah, sometimes food and clothes aren't the most important things. We need happiness, too."
The man must care too much about music to buy a radio instead of food clothes. I soon realized that happiness is the key to life. Without it, there's nothing to look forward to.
Since then I've never gone a day without thinking of what's truly important. A home, a meal, clothes--these things are only part of the picture. What's often forgotten is that we all need a pleasure, a light in a dark day. We all need a passion.
The question is: How would Sarah spend her days long ago?
The possible answers are:
A:She watched TV all day.
B:She used to read a lot.
C:She did nothing but thinking.
D:She was always sleeping.People are different. So are friends. Some friends are patient and helpful while some friends are cheerful and caring. The following are some kinds of friends. You can read it and find out what kinds of friends you have. This will help you to improve your relationships with them and help you to find new friends.
Animal Friends
Many people keep animals as pets at home. It is right to say that animals are wonderful creatures  . They can be with you whenever you need them. Some people say they will feel lonely without their pets. Dogs are considered as people's best friends.
Internet Friends
The Internet has become a very important part of our lives. It is not only helpful for people to work, but also a good way to make friends. Internet friendship has become more and more popular recently. More and more people begin to make online friends. Online friends are those who know each other through the Internet. They can talk about everything with each other online. Making Internet friends is similar to making pen pals.
Pen Friends
Pen friends, also known as pen pals, are quite popular with people who like writing. Pen friendship is mainly developed by writing to each other. It was a popular way of making friends in different parts of the world before the Internet came into being. Mostly, pen friends aim to share different cultures with each other.
The question is: The passage mainly tells us   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:how to make friends
B:different people
C:some kinds of friends
D:the importance of friendsHere are four of my friends. Get to know them and their interesting experiences.
I'm Mark. I'm 12. I have learned a lot about cycling and cycled about two hundred miles   with my friends. We all felt very excited.
My name is Sam. I'm one year older than Mark. I have entered a competition. At last, I won it and the prize was a seven---day holiday to my favourite country --America.
You can call me Linda. I'm the same age as Mark. I have been to Hong Kong Disneyland with my parents. I was excited to see so many cartoon characters  because I often dreamed about them.
John is my name. I'm one year younger than Sam. I have learned to ride a horse because I thought it was exciting. Before I learned it, I fell off the horse many times. But that was very interesting for me.
The question is: What did Linda often dream about?
The possible answers are:
A:Hong Kong Disneyland.
B:Her friends.
C:Cartoon characters.
D:Her parents.One day, a little monkey and a little fox went out to play. They saw an apple tree on the other side of the river. There were many big and red apples on it. But there was no bridge over the river. The monkey thought hard and had an idea. They pulled down a tree and put it over the river as a bridge.
The monkey said, "My old friend, you go there first." But after the fox went to the other side, he kicked   the tree into the river and ran to the apple tree. "How can I get 'there without the tree?" cried the monkey. The fox laughed and said, "You just stand there and watch me eating the apples." The monkey was very angry.
Suddenly it began to rain. The water level   in the river rose and the tree flew away with the water.
"You can eat all the apples. But you can't come back," shouted the monkey.
The fox stopped eating and looked at the monkey sadly.
,.
The question is: The fox kicked the tree into the river because he wanted to  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:eat all the apples by himself
B:share the apples with the monkey
C:get the apples first
D:play a joke on the monkeyOne day, Susie was unhappy when she came home from school. "What's the matter, my dear?" asked her mother, drawing her to her side and smiling.
"All our class must hand in compositions tomorrow. We must write 12 lines at least. But I can never write one. I'll have to go to school without a composition, for I won't copy one from a book, or ask you or papa to write one for me."
"That's right," said her mother. "You'll be happier with a poor composition, if it's your own, than with a fine one written by somebody else. But cheer up. Run into the garden and play. I'll call you in half an hour. Don't think about your composition now. Just have a good time."
It seemed just a few minutes to Susie before she heard her mother calling her. She went into the house immediately -- her hands full of sweet flowers, and her face red with exercise.
Then her mother asked her to sit by the window with a nice piece of paper and a pencil, and write something about what she could see. "Never mind your composition; do this to please me, and we'll talk about that later."
Although Susie thought her mother's request was strange, she knew she always had a good reason for everything she did. So she did as her mother requested.
As she looked out, she first saw the western sky and some bright, sunset clouds. "Oh, mother, what a sunset!"
"Don't talk. Just write."
The pencil began moving rapidly across the paper. She wrote about the sunset clouds, the look of the distant hills, the streets, the river, the garden with its flowers, and the birds flying past the window. She forgot all about the terrible composition!
Just as she had reached the bottom of the page, her mother came in and said with a smile, "Well, Susie, how does that composition come on?"
"Composition! You told me not to think about it, and I've never thought of it once. I've had such a nice time writing about what I could see from the window."
Mrs. Smith took the paper and read what Susie had written. She said, "There, Susie, that's a very nice composition, really."
"A composition! Is that a composition?" Susie asked in surprise.
"Yes, my dear, and a very good one, too, if we find a title for it," replied her mother. Then she added, "I'm sure it will please your teacher, as it does me. You see, it's easy enough to write a composition if you have anything interesting to write about."
The question is: From the story we can know Susie's mother   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:had never understood her daughter
B:had never talked with Susie's teacher
C:knew how to write a good composition
D:wrote the composition for her daughterTwo friends were walking through the desert. During the journey they had an argument , and the taller boy slapped  the shorter one in the face. The short boy was hurt, but without saying anything, he wrote in the sand: "Today my best friend slapped me in the face."
They kept on walking until they found a pond, and they decided to take a bath there. But the short boy got stuck in the mud  and started to sink . He cried, "Help! Help!" Luckily, he was pulled to safety by his friend. After that, he carved on a stone: "Today my best friend saved my life."
The taller boy asked him, "After I hurt you, you wrote it in the sand and now you carve it on a stone. Why?"
The shorter boy replied: "When someone hurts you, you should write it in the sand where winds can erase  it easily. But when someone does something good for you, you must carve it in the stone where no wind can ever erase it."
You have to learn to write your hurts in the sand and to carve your benefits in the stone.
,A, B, C, D,.
The question is: Where did the two friends walk?
The possible answers are:
A:in the desert
B:on the stone
C:in the forest
D:in a pondTom likes fish very much. He often buys some fish in the shop and takes it home. But when his wife sees the fish, she says to herself,"Good ! I can ask my friends to have lunch, and we can eat the fish. They like fish very much." So when Tom comes home in the evening, the fish is not there and his wife always says, Oh, your cat eats it."And she gives Tom some bread for his supper. Tom is very angry. He takes the cat and his wife to the shop near his house and weighs  the cat. Then he turns to his wife and says, My fish weigh one kilo .This cat weighs one, too. My fish is here, you see, then where is my cat?"
The question is: Tom likes  _   very much.
The possible answers are:
A:the cat
B:his wife
C:the fish
D:his friendsBad Hobbies
It's easier to walk downhill than to climb uphill. So it is easier to fall into bad habits than into good ones. Bad habits do not form suddenly. They form little by little, so you don't realize  their danger. Schoolboys and schoolgirls first pick up little bad habits at school or on the streets. When they cannot do their homework, they copy from their classmates. If they see bigger boys or girls smoking, they also want to learn to smoke. If they see their friends gambling ,they want to gamble. When they get older, the habits become stronger and stronger. Then they can no longer give them up. From copying, they learn to steal; from gambling, they learn to cheat. At last, no one believes in them. It is very important to stop bad habits as soon as they begin!
My son is eight years old. He is now in Grade Three. When he was five, he started school. Every evening we have homework battles. Three afternoons a week he has activities after school. By the time we get home, homework is the last thing he feels like doing. The other two afternoon, he gets home early and we argue  about whether he should do his homework straight away, or if he should have some time to rest and play first. When my son finally sits down to do his homework, he seems to want me there helping him all the time. I do want to help him, but I am sure that he can do it by himself. In fact, I often end up telling him the answers to most of his homework. He has fallen into the habit of depending on me to do this. He never wants to use his own brain.
My wife and I have given up all our outdoor activities. We sit with him when he does his homework. We want to train him form some good learning habits. But what should we do?
The question is: It is very    _    for a child to form good study habits.
The possible answers are:
A:easy
B:quick
C:important
D:wrongDo you want to be an artist (  )
Do you want to be an artist? Come to our club, and you can find yourself in happiness . We have lessons about the guitar, drum, the violin and the piano for just Y=20 each. You can also learn to sing, to dance for Y=25 each. If you like art, you can be satisfied , too--it's just for Y=30 each!
The question is: How many instruments does the ad mention ?
The possible answers are:
A:Four
B:Five
C:Three
D:SixMr. Hunt came from a poor family. He had three brothers and two sisters. His father worked hard but wasn't paid much. And his mother did all the housework at home. They were both able but they couldn't get enough money for their family.
Mr. Hunt was in school for only three years and he had to stop to help his parents though he was good at his lessons. When he was sixteen, he came to the city and began to work in a small factory. He learned from an old worker and became a skilled worker. The old worker liked him and married his daughter to him. The young man did not have his own house and had to live with his parents-in-law. His mother-in-law always thought he was poor and often chattered. So the young man tried to save everything and hoped to have his own house.
It was one fine Sunday. The old woman wanted to have a picnic on the top of the hill. She told Mr. Hunt to drive her car. But sometimes she told him to turn left and sometimes to turn right. The young man had to listen to her. At a crossing the lights were red but she made him turn left. The policeman stopped them and told the young man to give his license to him.
"If I did wrong, sir," said Mr. Hunt, "It was my mother-in-law's fault . She was driving the car though she sat behind me!"
The question is: The old woman was   _   to Mr. Hunt.
The possible answers are:
A:good
B:bad
C:friendly
D:uselessOne day, a boy had a fight with one of his classmates. He didn't wait until school was over, and hurried home to his grandfather. He told him his story angrily. "He is really bad," the boy said, "and I hate him."
The grandfather said, "Let me tell you a story. When I was a boy, I, too, sometimes hated others for what they did..."
As the boy listened carefully, the grandfather went on,"There are always two tigers inside my heart. One is good and kind. He gets on well with everything around him. But the other is bad and unfriendly. Even the smallest thing will make him angry. He fights with everyone all the time, and for no reason. He can't think carefully because he always hates others. It is difficult to live with these two tigers inside my heart. They both try to control me."
The boy looked into his grandfather's eyes and asked,"Which tiger always controls you, Grandfather?"
The old man said slowly and seriously, "The one that I feed. I always feed the good and kind tiger, so I never hate others and seldom get angry now."
,.
The question is: The bad tiger fights with everyone all the time   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:because others wants to kill him
B:because he wants to eat others
C:for no reason
D:because others aren't friendly to himFound:
A black pen is in the library. Is it yours? I am Lucy. E-mail me at lucy556@hotmail.com.
Lost:
I am Anna. I lost my computer game. It is blue. My telephone number is 471-4295. Call me! Thanks!
Lisa,
Is this your dictionary? Your name is on it. I found it in Classroom 6A.
Tom
Found:
I found a ring. It is nice. Please e-mail me at frank996@gmail.com.
Frank
The question is: What color is Anna's computer game?
The possible answers are:
A:Black.
B:Blue.
C:Red.
D:Yellow.NO.4 Middle School
Kunming, Yunnan
April 2nd, 2004
Dear editor 
I live in a beautiful city. Many visitors come to my city. There are so many colorful peacocks here .The peacocks mostly live on the grass land of Dongfeng Square 
They are given food freely by visitors ,They usually throw food to them ,and  don't think about at all whether the food is right or not. Some of the peacocks became ill, some even died after eating the bad food given by the visitors . I'm sure most of the visitors who throw food to the peacocks really like the birds ,but don't realize that they may be doing them harm  .The visitors should be told that what have done is very harmful to the birds , and this kind of thing must be stopped from happening Perhaps we can build some small shops beside Dongfeng Square to sell peacock food .For us every person, it's our duty to give more love to these beautiful birds and to look after them carefully.
Yours,
Sun Yan
The question is: Some peacocks became ill and died because some visitors  _
The possible answers are:
A:didn't give them any food
B:gave them too much food
C:threw them some bad food
D:loved them and played with themMr. Smith works in an office. He is very busy and has no time to have a good rest. Every evening, when he comes from his office, he's always tired and wants to go to bed early. But his wife often has a lot of interesting things to tell him after supper. She doesn't stop talking until she falls asleep, but it's usually too late and Mr Smith has to get up in time in the morning when she is asleep.
One day the man felt terrible and couldn't go to work. He decided to go to see a doctor. And Mrs Smith went to the hospital with him. Before her husband said what was the matter with him, the woman told the doctor all and the man understood why. He wrote out a prescription. And when Mr Smith brought the medicine to the resulting-room, the doctor said to her, "The bottle of medicine is for your husband and the pills are for you."
"For me?" the woman said in surprise, "I'm fine. I don't need any medicine!" "I don't think so, madam," said the doctor, "They are sleeping pills, your husband will soon be all right if you take them."
The question is: What does Mrs Smith often do after supper?
The possible answers are:
A:She watches TV
B:She does the chores
C:She begins talking
D:She goes to bed earlyIf you're into sports , you 've seen it happen -----tennis players jump over the net to shake hands after a hard match ;football players exchange jerseys   after 90 minutes of knocking each other around ;even boxer touch gloves at the beginning of each round .Players in every event ,from spelling _ to golf  ,act in this way .It's all parts of sportsmanship , A great tradition  in sports and competition .It means playing and being calm all through the match .
Everyone feels great when they win .In the last few years ,your may see some players celebrate a goal with a long dance .However , it's always hard for people to say in public that they made a bad play .Good sportsmanship is what they really need .It's the golden rule of sports .
Good sportsmanship means that you play by the rules ,talk politely to every during games and stay cool even when you lose the game .At the school sports meet, for example , it's more important for you to know how to work as part of a team and cheer your team on .hey may help you enjoy more success at your future work .In competition---as us in life--you may not always win ,but believe me ,sportsmanship will help you get through , and there is always the next match .
The question is: Winning the game will make it possible for players to   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:celebrate a goal
B:exchange jerseys
C:shake hands
D:feel greatIn 1834, the clock tower in London was burned down. People planned to build a new clock which would be the biggest and best in the world. So the clock had to be big and keep very good time. The big clock was made in two years. Five more years later the tower was finished. Then people put the big clock in the tower, and made it ring out for the first time on July 11, 1859.
In order to give the bigclock a good name, people held a meeting. Someone wanted to call it the Queen of Bells, and someone thought Victoria was good. At last, a man named Benjamin Hall stood up. He was a big man. Before he started to speak, someone shouted, "Why not call it Big Ben? "Everybody laughed and agreed with him.
From then on, Big Ben became its name. And it also became a famous building of London. People all over the world write to Big Ben. They even send birthday presents--bottles of oil-to help keep Big Ben running. Big Ben is not only a clock but also a dear friend ofpeople.
The question is: How did Big Ben get its name?
The possible answers are:
A:Benjamin Hall gave it the name.
B:Big Ben got its name because of a joke.
C:Big Ben got its name from the Queen of the UK.
D:Victoria gave it the name.In nature, you may see many insects  and animals of different colors. Have you ever wondered why?
Locusts are super delicious food for birds,but it is not always an easy job for birds to catch them.It is neither because locusts are good jumpers or runners nor because they are smarter than their enemies. The reason is that the colors of locusts change with the colors of crops . When crops are young,locusts look green. But when autumn comes, locusts change to the yellow and brown color as crops do.
Brown bears,tigers and other animals move quietly through forests. They can't be seen easily by their enemies. This is because they have colors similar to the trees. For the same reason, polar bears that live on a land of snow and ice are white. Butterflies and bees living among the flowers are colorful like flowers. Soil insects are mostly dark-colored and they live under the soil  in a dark and wet environment. However, insects with colors different from plants can easily be found and eaten by others. So in order to _ they have to hide themselves in the daytime and appear only at night.
Have you ever noticed some even stranger acts? The ink fish in the sea can send out some very black ink when it faces danger. As the ink spreads over , its enemies will find themselves suddenly in a dark world. At the same time the ink fish immediately swims away. That is how it keeps itself safe though it is not strong at all.
The question is: It is not easy for birds to catch locusts because  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:locusts are good runners
B:locusts can jump very high
C:locusts are smarter than birds
D:locusts can change their colorWorld Wildlife Fund (WWF) and Greenpeace are two famous organizations in the world. They both aim at making our planet a better place to live.
World Wildlife Fund works to protect wild animals and plants. It began in Switzerland on September 11, 1961. Now, it has offices in 100 countries and nearly 5 million members all over the world. The members are from different groups, including government officials, businessmen, scientists and farmers. They have played an active role in saving animals and rainforests. One recent WWF project is protecting the Amazon rainforest. WWF has done plenty of research to find creative ways that meet the need of both people and nature.
Greenpeace was set up in 1971, with an idea of working for world peace at the very beginning. Now it is active in protecting oceans, forests, and animals as well. It also calls for the use of clean energy, like wind power and solar power. Greenpeace has offices in 45 countries such as America and Canada. Its head office is in Netherlands. Greenpeace has about 3 million members at present. Small steps lead to big changes. It has encouraged more and more people to take action.
The question is: WFF has nearly   _   million members.
The possible answers are:
A:3
B:5
C:45
D:100I was on holiday in a strange place.One morning I got up early and went off into the forest looking for beautiful birds.But I lost my way,and don't know how to come back.I took a cell phone with me,but it didn't work there.It was night and I was frightened because I was alone and there were full of dangerous animals.I climbed up to a tree and was afraid of sleeping.Next morning I was tired.I thought what I should do to save myself.I tore my clothes into small pieces and tied them to the trees that I passed.At last my friend found me according to the pieces that I left.I was saved.That is an unforgettable experience in my life.
The question is: Did the writer take a cell phone with him?
The possible answers are:
A:Yes,he did.
B:No,he didn't.
C:Yes,he didn't.
D:No,he did.Many people like spring, because they can go out and do many kinds of activities. We made a survey about the activities that people like to do in spring. Here are the results.
Scott:
In spring, I often visit my uncle and I like fishing with him. I also like boating and enjoy the beach. Last spring my uncle and I went boating. The dolphins came so close to us. It was very amazing. I hope that I can go there again soon.
Linda:
My favorite spring activity is gardening  . I think it is relaxing to work in the garden. I grow many flowers in my garden every year. They are so beautiful.
Nancy:
I love spring. I love going to the beach and spending a whole day there. It is so relaxing to lie on the beach. I also like surfing in the sea.
James:
I am twelve years old. My favorite spring activity is swimming. I started to learn swimming when I was seven years old. I always have a good time with my friends in the river.
The question is: Linda grows many   _   in her garden.
The possible answers are:
A:grasses
B:flowers
C:trees
D:vegetablesHow do you like your school? Have you ever written to your headmaster to express your idea? Here are some letters written by students from different schools.
Luke, 14, from Jiangsu
I will give some suggestions about our school uniform. In our school, we students have to wear uniform every day. But the yellow and green sports kit looks really dark and old. It can't stand for young and lively spirit. We can add some red or orange colors and make a new type of uniform. I hope our headmaster will think about it.
Danny, 14, from Zhejiang
I have two suggestions for my headmaster. First of all, I think we should have more hobby classes in science , such as plane model making class and computer programming class. It is really boring to study basic subjects all the time. And second, I hope we can have more PE lessons or more time for physical exercise. Lots of students now don't have a strong enough body.
Sam, 15, from Shanxi
I'd like to say thank you to my headmaster. About one week ago, I got a bad cold after playing basketball. Our headmaster came to me after he knew about it. He took care of me until my parents came. I really want to thank him for that.
Helen, 14, from Shandong
In the letter I wrote, I want to talk about the possibility of personal classes. Now many middle schools are trying the "personal class" system. Students don't have regular classes. They can choose lessons they want to take. _ And it is also good for exercise. We don't have to stay in one classroom all the time.
The question is: All the students except   _   write to the headmaster to complain about something.
The possible answers are:
A:Luke
B:Danny
C:Sam
D:HelenWe were standing at the top of a church not far from my home. I didn't know why.
"Look down," Father said. I tried and saw the square in the center of the village. And I saw the streets to the square. "See, Elsa," Father said. "There is more than one way to the square. If you can't get where you want to go by one road, try another."
Earlier that day, I asked Mother to do something about what we had for lunch at school. But she didn't think the food was as bad as I said. When I turned to Father for help, he brought me to the church.
At school the next day, I filled a bottle with the soup for our lunch and took it home. I told the cook to pour the soup in a plate and bring it to Mother. She drank it and cried out, "What's the matter with the soup today?" I at once told her what I had done , and Mother said that she would take up the matter of lunches at school the next day .
Now I really understood why Father had taken me to the church. I began to work as a fashion designer two years ago. I wouldn't stop working until I tried every way to my goal.
The question is: When the writer really understood what his father had said.
The possible answers are:
A:she saw the streets to the square
B:she had the idea of bringing the soup home
C:she tried every way to her goal
D:she began her own life as a fashion designerA Bite of China
Are you an eating-lover? Do you want to eat every delicious food in the world? Then do you watch the popular program A Bite of China? It's a TV program on Chinese delicious food which has been produced by CCTV. Is there any holiday that isn't celebrated with special festival food? Here are several traditional Chinese foods:
Noodles are a symbol of long life in Chinese culture. They are as much a part of Chinese birthday celebration as a birthday cake with its candles lit in many western countries. Since noodles mean long life, it is considered very unlucky to cut it off.
Although westerners sometimes may be very sorry to see fish lying on the plate, in China a whole fish is a symbol of richness. In fact, at a party it is a tradition to serve the whole fish last, pointed towards the most valued guest. Fish also has a special meaning because the Chinese word for fish, yu, sounds like the word for richness or plenty, and it is believed that eating fish will help your wishes come true in the year to come.
A very popular dish during the Dragon Boat Festival is Zongzi. This tasty dish is made of rice dumplings with meat, peanuts or other delicious food in bamboo leaves. The tradition of Zongzi is meant to remind us of a great man, Qu Yuan in Chinese history.
The question is: According to the passage, in traditional Chinese culture, people will eat   _   on their birthdays.
The possible answers are:
A:eggs
B:noodles
C:fish
D:cakesJenny is an English girl. She is a nice girl. and she is my good friend, My name is Amy. My father is John. My mother is Helen. Jack is my brother. I love them. I like singing. Jack likes reading. My favorite color is blue.
The question is: What is Amy's favourite colour?
The possible answers are:
A:Red.
B:Blue.
C:Orange.
D:Green.A primary school teacher asked her students to write a composition about what they would like God to do for them. At the end of the day, while marking the compositions, she read one that impressed her deeply. Her husband, who had just walked in, saw her crying and asked her, "What happened?"
She answered, "Read this. It is one of my students' compositions."
"Dear God, tonight I ask you for something very special: Make me into a television. I want to take its place and live like the TV in my house. Have my own special place, and have my family around me. To be taken seriously when I talk. I want to be the centre of attention and be heard without interruption  or questions. I want to receive the same special care that the TV receives even when it is not working. Have the company of my dad when he arrives home from work, even when he is tired. And I want my mom to want me close when she is sad and upset, instead of ignoring  me. And ...I want my brothers to fight to be with me...I want to feel that my family just put everything aside, every now and then, just to spend some time with me. And last but not least, make sure that I can make them all happy and entertain them. God, I don't ask you for much. I just want to live like our TV. "
At that moment the husband said, "My God, poor kid, what horrible parents!" .The teacher looked up at him and said, "That composition is our son's!"
The question is: According to the article, what will happen when the boy talks?
The possible answers are:
A:Everyone will pay attention to him.
B:He will be interrupted.
C:No one will pay attention.
D:His mother will talk to him.Parts of Africa are covered by a dark cloud. But this is no rain cloud. It is a living cloud made of billions of locusts   and they are eating everything in their path.
And now in order to fight against this disaster, a radio station in Senegal, West Africa, is offering listeners 5 kilograms of rice if they can catch and kill 50 kilograms of locusts. "We think this idea will get more people to take part in the fight against the locusts," said Abdoulaye Ba, from Sud-Fm, a radio station in one of Senegal's worst affected area.
This is West Africa's biggest locust disaster in 15 years. Now it is moving east and it leads to the loss of crops. When they move, they have babies, so their number is getting bigger. and will soon threaten   Sudan in the northeast of Africa. Some say it may reach Asia.
Experts say many people in the areas will go hungry because of this disaster. What's worse, governments in the areas don't have enough things to fight the locusts.
Although leaders of 12 countries have agreed on a plan, it is not enough. 'We are now treating 6,000 hectares   per day with pesticide  , but we need to treat 20,000 hectares per day in order to have any hope of controlling this disaster,' said Mohamed Abdallahi Ould Babah, leader of locust control  in Mauritania.
The question is: The story is mainly about   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:Countries in West Africa worked together to fight a natural disaster
B:the difficulty in controlling locusts
C:how locusts caused great damage   to West Africa
D:a fight against a disaster brought by locusts in West AfricaI often walk dogs at an animal shelter  near our house. When they see me, they look so happy, because they know they will get to go outside, play with me and get lots of love from me.
-----Mandy, 12
Every weekend, I go to an animal shelter to help. They have adoption events at pet stores. I help out by talking to people about animals, feeding animals and making sure the cages are clean. It makes me feel great when a cat or dog gets a new home.
----Lucas, 11
Sometimes I do things for my neighbors and ask them to give me some money or clothes. Then I can give these to the unlucky people.
----Linda, 10
I love volunteering! Last week, I cleaned up the houses for people who couldn't do it themselves. I also made gifts for many women on Mother's Day. And I'll help the older people cook dinner next week. I love the feeling I get when the people smile and I know I made a difference in their life.
----Megan, 13
I volunteer at an after-school reading program. I help young children to learn how to read. My favorite part of it is seeing a little child feels excited when he or she learns a new word.
----Victoria, 12
The question is: What will Megan do next week?
The possible answers are:
A:Make gifts.
B:Help cook dinner.
C:Clean up the houses.
D:Go to an animal shelter.Last month when I was taking part in a US college interview, I was asked, " what makes you special ? " In fact I had answered questions likes this many times since I decided to go to college in the US .college paid special attention to different achievement . For example, a person who is very good at math can go to a famous college but also can be a good football player .
This experience made me think again that I must try to find where my own interests might lead me . To be honest, it was not easy . However, I never felt sorry to choose this way because it helped me understand myself . If I took the College Entrance Examination,as we call it gaokao in China, it could never possibly do .
When I entered high school, I took gaokao seriously because it seemed to me a great way to show how good at my lessons . However,as I grew older, I realized gaokao did make me work hard at my lessons, but the pressure also pushed many other activities out of my life, like guitar--playing . Although I had no time for it, I will still get to it in the future .
No doubt, gaokao provides a way of choosing those who are successful in their studies . But it is really important for all of us to rethink what " talent " really is today . This is because we now live in a world in which all of our other human qualities ( )are needed for success, not just the high grade .
Ken Robinson once said, " the society depends on different kinds of talents . "  However, gaokao pays too attention  to a person's grades but little to his other qualities. And it is these qualities that makes life colorful and fun .
As high school students, we can not change the present situation of eduction, but we are always free to think outside of the box . Although good school grade is still useful, I hope one day we will see our education also welcomes the amazing possibilities in different people .
The question is: From the passage, we know that the writer may   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:go to college in America .
B:give up the US college interview .
C:become a good football player in the US.
D:change the present situation of eduction .There are a lot of things you can do to help in your community, whether with your mom's chores, or if a friend is upset. Here are some little things you can do to give a helping hand.
Be a volunteer. Being in charitable organizations is a great way to help the poor, like giving away food or money. You can also donate money on some charitable website like Tencent Charity.
Put yourself in another person's shoes. It can give a strong reason to help someone else if you show your sympathy. It is the best way to show people that you really care about someone. Try to offer first. When people need your help, they'll probably ask you first. But if you have the chance, try to offer to help before they ask you. This will show that you are willing to help from the start.
Think about what might happen if you don't help. More people will feel sad if you just leave them when they need you, you don't want to see people unhappy, do you? It's always nice to lend a hand.
The question is: What is the best way to show people that you really care about them?
The possible answers are:
A:Put yourself in another person's shoes.
B:Try to talk to them about their feelings.
C:Get a job in charitable organizations.
D:Try to help in the community.April 20this Mary's fourteenth birthday. It is Saturday. She invites Kate, Helen, Jane, and Tom to her birthday party. Each of them brings a birthday present for her and says," Happy birthday, Mary" Mary's mother makes a big cake. It has fourteen candles on it. All says "How wonderful!" They have a lot of ice-cream, too.
After finishing the ice-cream and cake, Kate plays the piano. How well she plays! Then they sing and play games. Mary is very happy. Everybody looks happy.
The question is: Who plays the piano?
The possible answers are:
A:Mary
B:Helen
C:Jane
D:KateOne morning, Wu Li discovered that her classroom had changed. She found that the desks were no longer in rows , but pushed together to make eight bigger desks. She was too excited about it for the first two days and she couldn't listen to the teachers carefully. But soon she and her classmates got used to this new classroom arrangement  . "Now our class is quieter," said Wu. "What's more, we can come up with our own ideas and learn more through discussion. It's a better way to study."
Li Yu liked it, too. He said, "Group members first discuss, and then show ourselves in front of the whole class. It makes us believe in ourselves." It was part of a reform   at Li's school--Baita Secondary School. The school made this reform because they wanted to provide students with easier ways to study and more chances to discuss. "Our school hopes it can improve students' abilities   to study by themselves and work in groups," said Zhang Yong, the principal of the school.
However, the reform has demanded   more from teachers. Now they have only about 15 minutes to give the lesson which should be taught in 45 minutes before. It is difficult to teach in such a short time. The teachers have to find better ways to teach more _ .
"The reform demands more, but I'm sure it is helpful," added Mr Zhang.
The question is: The best title of this passage may be "  _  ".
The possible answers are:
A:Students' Friendship
B:Teachers' Hope
C:Discussion in Class
D:New Look in ClassMr. and Mrs. Su don't often go out in the evening, but today they go out for a walk after supper. They go to the park and have a good time there. On their way home, Mr. Su says to Mr. Su, "Look! A woman is running in the street and a man is running after her." Mr. Su says, "What's the matter? Let's go and help her."
Now the woman gets near them. Mr. Su asks, "Shall we help you?" "No, thank you," the woman says, "My husband  and I are running home, and the slower  one does the housework."
The question is: The woman is running   _   the man.
The possible answers are:
A:before
B:after
C:beside
D:behindMr Black works in an office. He's very busy and he has no time to rest. Every evening, When he comes back from his office, he always feels tired and wants to go to bed early, but his wife often has something interesting to tell him after supper. She keeps talking until it's too late. But Mr Black has to get up early in the morning.
One day Mr Black felt terrible and couldn't go to work. He went to see a doctor with Mrs Black. Before he said what the matter was him, his wife told the doctor all. The doctor got the reason and said to Mrs Black, "Here is a bottle of medicine for your husband and some pills for you."
"For me?" the woman said in surprise, "I'm fine. I don't need any medicine!"
"I don't think, madam," said the doctor, "They're sleeping pills . Your husband will soon be all right if you take them!"
The question is: How does Mr Black usually feel when he gets back home?
The possible answers are:
A:Worried
B:Happy
C:Angry
D:TiredLiu Yun, 13, pretty and smart. She is a good student. But many students try to stay from her because Liu Yun's mum has AIDS  and her father has died of AIDS. Luckily, Liu Yun didn't get it.
AIDS means fear for most people. Nobody wants to play games with her. Even a teacher who used to like her turns his back on her now. The biggest problem is how other people look at her. She sometimes wants todrop out of schoolbecause she can no longer face others' indifference . 
It is said if a person has AIDS, it's still safe to eat and play with him. So I think Liu Yun's classmates and teachers are afraid of AIDS because they don't know much about AIDS. And Liu Yun needs their love and understanding. Even a friendly smile means a lot to her.
The question is: What will you do when you best friend has AIDS?
The possible answers are:
A:I'll stay away from him.
B:I won't have meals with him.
C:I won't talk with him.
D:I should be more friendly to him than before.Many animals do strange things before an earthquake.This news may be important.
Earthquakes can kill people and knock down houses.Animals may help to save lives.
Some animals make a lot of noise before an earthquake.Farmers know about this.Dogs that are usually quiet start to bark.Horses on farms run around in circles.Mice leave their holes and run away.Cows give less milk.
In a town in Italy, cats raced down the street in a group.That happened only a few hours before an earthquake.In San Francisco.a man kept tiny pet frogs.One Sunday, the frogs jumped around more than ever.They made loud noise.That night, an earthquake struck the city.People want to know when an earthquake is coming.Then they could get away safely.Right now, there is no sure way to know ahead of time.Maybe the best way is to watch the animals.
The question is: This story is mostly about   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:how animals act before an earthquake
B:how an earthquake starts
C:how mice leave their homes
D:when an earthquake beginsWhen I was small, my grandmother died. I was so sad that I had no tears. But that night when my dad tried to cheer me up, my laugh turned into crying.
So it came as no surprise to learn that scientists believe crying and laughing come from the same part of the brain. Just as laughing has many health advantages, scientists are discovering that so, too, does crying.
Whatever it takes for us to _ pressure is important to our emotional   health, and a study found that 85 percent of women and 73 percent of men report feeling better after crying.
Besides, tears attract help from other people. Researchers agree that when we cry, people around us become kinder and friendly and they are more ready to provide support and comfort. Tears also enable us to understand our emotions better; sometimes we don't even know we're very sad until we cry. We learn about our emotions through crying, and then we can deal with them.
Just as crying can be healthy, not crying - holding back tears of anger, pain or suffering - can be bad for physical   health. Studies have shown that too much control of emotions can lead to high blood pressure and heart problems. If you have a health problem, doctors will certainly not ask you to cry. But when you feel like crying, don't fight it. It's a natural -and healthy-emotional response  .
The question is: What is the best title for the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:How to Keep Healthy
B:Why We Cry
C:Power of Tears
D:Stop cryingOne day, in an English class, the students are having their lessons. Their teacher, a young woman is very happy. She sings some nice songs with them and then she goes to the blackboard and writes "SMILES" on it. "This is the longest word in English," she says to the class.
A girl stands up and says, "It has only six letters. How can it be the longest word in English?"The teacher smiles and says, "Oh, look! There is a mile between the first letter and the last one."
The question is: What does the teacher write on the blackboard?
The possible answers are:
A:A letter.
B:A word.
C:A song.
D:Her name.A professor began his class by holding up a glass with some water in it. He held it up for all to see and asked the students, " How much do you think this glass weighs?"
"50 grams ! " "100 grams ! " "125 grams ! " the students answered.
"I really don't know unless I weigh it , " said the professor, " but , my question is : What would happen if I held it up like this for a few minutes?"
" Nothing , " the students said.
"OK, what would happen if I held it up like this for an hour?" the professor asked.
"Your arm would begin to ache, " said one of the students.
"You are right, now what would happen if I held it up for a day?"
"Your arm could go numb  , and you might have to go to hospital, " another student said.
"Very good ! But during all this, did the weight of the glass change?" asked the professor.
"NO"
"Then what made the arm ache and the muscle( ) stress?"
The students were puzzled.
" Put the glass down" said one of the students.
"Exactly ! " said the professor. " Life's problems are something like this. Hold them for minutes in your head and they seem OK. Think of them for a long time and they begin to ache. Hold them even longer and they begin to trouble you. You will not be able to do anything. It's important to think of the problems in your life, but even more important to ' put them down' at the end of every day before you go to sleep. That way, you are not stressed; you wake up every day fresh and strong and can handle any issue, any challenge that comes your way ! "
,.
The question is: Which of the following is true?
The possible answers are:
A:The professor wanted to show the students how heavy the glass was.
B:The weight of the glass would change if you held it longer.
C:The glass itself made the arm ache and the muscle stress.
D:The professor's arm would ache if he held the glass for a long time.There is a shy girl in our class.She is thirteen years old.She is not tall and she is not short.She is a little fat.Her face is round,like an apple.She has two big black eyes and a small nose.Her mouth is big,but her ears are small.Her hair is short and black.She likes red.But today she is wearing a yellow sweater,blue jeans and white shoes.She dislikes getting up early,so she is usually late for school.She doesn't like to talk to others.She likes little animals.She has a little black dog.She and the dog are good friends.
The question is: The girl is   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:tall
B:of medium build
C:short
D:of medium heightPeople have different ways of greeting each other. They might shake hands  , kiss or hug  . But do you ever wonder how dogs say hello?
If you are a dog lover, you already know the answer to this question. When you arrive home, your dog jumps up into your lap  . It wags   its tail, and sometimes gives you wet kisses.
Like humans, dogs have five senses  : smell, touch, sight, hearing and taste. Humans use sight as the main sense for recognizing   one another. But dogs have poor eyesight. They use smell to recognize others. A dog's sense of smell is much better than a human's. It is through its sense of smell that tells the differences between different people.
Dogs use smell to recognize other dogs, too. They tell the differences by the smell of pee   and pooh  . When two dogs meet, they smell each other's noses. Then they go side to side, and smell each other's butts  . By smelling its friend's behind, a dog knows who it is with.
That is also why dogs smell everything they can on the road. By smelling grass, trees and signposts  , dogs know which other neighborhood dogs have been around.
The question is: What is the best title of the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:Humans and dogs.
B:My favorite animal.
C:How do dogs say hello?
D:Cute dogs.What do you think of singing? If you love it, you will like the TV show Don't Forget the Lyrics. It is a popular singing show in America. This program started from July 11th, 2007.
So how does this new singing show work? The _ need to have much knowledge  of lyrics. In the show, the contestants have to sing the songs with right lyrics. When he finishes a song with wrong lyrics, he can't sing again. If he finishes all ten songs with right lyrics, he is the winner and he can get a very good prize.
You may say, "I can't sing well, but I remember many lyrics of beautiful songs. Can I join it?"
Don't worry!
The show says, "You don't have to sing it well. You just have to sing it right." Every music lover can join it.
The question is: What is Don't Forget the Lyrics?
The possible answers are:
A:A popular singing show.
B:A popular story
C:A popular movie
D:A popular song.There are many wetlands in China and some of them are the world's important wetlands. The Chinese Yellow Sea Wetlands are among them. They are in Yancheng, Jiangsu Province, the east of China. They are homes for many different kinds of birds and animals. The world's largest Milu Deer Nature Reserve is in them. More than 700 milu deer live freely there. There are not many red-crowned cranes in the world, but every winter you can see some in the Red-Crowned Cranes Nature Reserve in the Yellow Sea Wetlands.
The temperature in the wetlands is usually neither too high nor too low. There is a lot of rain and sunshine, too. They are really good places for wildlife. Offering food and home for some special kinds of animals and birds is not the only reason why we need to protect wetlands. Wetlands are important because they also prevent flood. But some people want to change the wetlands to make more space for farms and buildings. This means there will be less and less space for wildlife.
Luckily, more and more people are beginning to realize the importance of wetlands and wildlife. Every year, on February 2, people hold many activities to tell more about wetlands.
The question is: Usually the weather in the wetlands is  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:hot
B:pleasant
C:cold
D:dryIt was Sunday morning. A butcher  heard the doorbell  and thought it must be a customer. But he was surprised to see that a dog was coming into his shop. The dog had $10 and a note in its mouth.
The butcher took the note and read it. It said,"10 pork chops , please."So the butcher took the money and put a bag of chops in the dog's mouth.
Then he quickly closed the shop because he decided to follow the dog. He found the dog on the street. The dog was waiting for a green light. Then the dog walked across the road. The dog went to a bus stop. When a bus arrived, the dog checked the number and then got on the bus.
After a while, the dog stood up on his back paws  to push the "stop" button . The bus stopped and the dog got off. Then the butcher followed it to get off the bus.
The dog ran to a house and dropped the bag in front of the front door. It then began to beat its head against the front door. After a while, a big man opened the door and began shouting at the dog. The butcher ran up and shouted at the man, "What are you doing? Your dog is a genius ."
The owner of the dog said, "Genius? No way! I always tell him to take the keys when he goes to the stores. But he never listens to me!"
The question is: Which is NOT right according to the story?
The possible answers are:
A:The dog stood up on its back paws to push the "stop" button.
B:The butcher quickly closed the shop to follow the dog.
C:The big man was pleased with his dog.
D:The butcher thought the dog was a genius.Easter is one of the two important Christian festivals.Easter celebrates resurrections   of Jesus Christ and Christmas celebrates his birth.It's not a festival as big as Christmas.It starts usually in late March or early April and the Easter holiday is Friday, Saturday, Sunday and Monday.It's quite a long holiday for everybody.
The main symbol of Easter is Easter eggs.Children like Easter eggs because they are made of chocolate.Eggs are a symbol of new life.
Easter is also a time for families to get together like Christmas.Many people see Easter as a nice long holiday and they have a good time with their families and friends.
The question is: People love Easter because   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:it's a long holiday
B:it's the birthday of Jesus Christ
C:they can have real eggs on that day
D:everybody believes in Jesus ChristIt was one of the hottest days of the dry season. It had not rained in almost a month. The crops were dying. Cows had stopped giving milk. If it did not rain soon, we would lose everything. On this day, I witnessed  a wonder.
I was making lunch when I saw my 6-year-old son, Billy, walking very slowly toward the woods. Minutes later he came running out again, toward the house. Soon after, I saw him walking toward the woods again. This went on for an hour. Finally I walked out of the house quietly and followed him.
Billy cupped both hands in front of him as he walked, careful not to drop the water he carried. Leaves slapped his face but he kept walking into the woods. Then I saw an amazing sight. Several large deer stood in front of him. Billy walked right up to them. I saw a tiny baby deer lying on the ground. It was dying of thirst, and it lifted its head with great effort to drink the water in my boy's hands.
When the water was gone, Billy ran back to the house. I followed him to the tap. Billy opened it and a small trickle  came out. He knelt down, letting the drops slowly fill up his "cup".
Now I understood what was going on. The week before, he tried giving water to our horses but I told him not to waste water. Now when he stood up and turned, I was there in front of him. His eyes filled with tears, "I'm not wasting," he said. I joined him with a small pot of water from the kitchen. I let him walk to the baby deer alone while I stood at the edge of the woods. As tears rolled down my face, they were suddenly joined by other drops... and more drops... as if the sky itself was crying.
The question is: Which of the following is true according to the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:Cows had stopped giving milk because they were old.
B:The writer thought the son wasted water during the dry season.
C:The baby deer was dying because of lack of water.
D:The writer and the son gave water to the baby deer together.Many people do not like to stay at home on holidays. They want to go out to see something different or do something exciting. So people from the country go to the city and people from the city go to the country for holidays. During the holidays, trains, buses and planes are all very busy. It's very hard to buy train tickets or air tickets. Many people take cars or buses for travelling.
Last May Day my family went to the country by car for our holiday. There was too much traffic on the road, so we had to move very slowly. It took us about an hour to get out of the town. After some time, we came to a farm. It was clean and beautiful. The animals were very lovely, we thought it was a nice place for a picnic, so we stopped and took the food, fruit and drinks out of the car. We sat down under a big green tree and began to eat. Suddenly, a strong wind _ and soon it started to rain. We had to run back to our car and had our picnic in the car. Then we drove back home. What a bad trip it was!
The question is: Many people don't like to stay at home on holidays because  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:they have much money
B:the weather is pretty poor
C:they want to see something new
D:they want to see different peopleRecently, Chinese netizens   enjoy themselves on "growing and stealing crops" on the Internet. This is a game called "Happy Farms". Now more and more people are joining in the game, and getting addicted. Some of them are even found playing the game at work. Because of this, some players have been fired by their bosses. Lovers have broken up, but none of them can stop Happy Farms from becoming more popular.
Here we interviewed some young netizens and let's see what their opinions were.
Nongmin: Playing happy Farms at work, that's terrible! A clerk was fired because she was online playing it at work.
King: I find that all the dreams of having houses and fields, which are very hard to get in real life, are very easy to be realized in the games. I think I know the reason why the game is so popular.
Kaixin: We have to know how to control ourselves. We should keep our minds on study. Games are just games. I prefer to play sports with my classmates when I am free.
Kitty: I like Happy Farms. My high-pressure work makes me feel like I can't breathe. I wish I could have a real house and farm, but it seems so far away. I have to turn to virtual  nature for my own house and farm.
People often get tired from work or study, so they go to their own farms, take care of their crops and pull out weeds. It is really delightful to forget about the pressure. But some players work from morning to night to "grow and steal crops". They lose themselves in the game and show no interest in anything else. It is really terrible.
The question is: From Kaixin's words, we can guess that he is probably a  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:farmer
B:worker
C:student
D:clerkWhen you are feeling unhappy or forget how great you are, these are six ways to make you feel good about yourself.
 Look in the mirror and say to yourself,"I am a special person and there's no one in the world like me. I can do anything!" It may not sound so good, but it really works!
 Do something nice for someone. Helping others always makes you feel good.
 Smile! Be friendly to people you meet. Look for the good things in your friends and family.
 Learn something new! Have you always wanted to decorate your own room or learn how to swim? Go for it! New challenges are fun and give you a sense of accomplishment when you have finished.
 Read and start a diary, Turn off the TV and let your imagination fly! Write you're your thoughts, dreams or anything you want! Writing always helps to express your feelings.
 Stay with your family. We all need our family time. Talk with your Mum or Dad or  maybe even your cousin.
The question is: Which is the best title for the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:Do Your Best
B:Six Ways to Feel Good about Yourself
C:It's Never Too Late to Learn
D:Always Smile to Your LifeBlack is the color of power. It has the meaning of submission . It is popular in fashion because it makes people look thinner.
White is the color for brides . White is considered a summer color. White is popular in fashion because it is light and goes with everything.
Red is a hot and strong color. It can make the heart beat faster. It is also the color of love. Red clothes can make people look heavier. And red things get noticed more than things that are another color.
The color of the sky and the ocean, blue, is one of the most popular colors. It is often used in bedrooms. Blue can also be cold and make people feel sad.
Green means nature. It is the most comfortable color on the eyes and can improve vision . It is a calming color. Hospitals often use green because it can make patients relax.
Yellow is the most difficult color for the eyes to take in. Yellow is the color of sunshine. It is a warm color like red. On the one hand, it is the color of happiness and joy. On the other hand, it means fear and dishonest behavior.
The question is: In the sentence "He is too yellow to stand up and fight", "yellow"most   probably means "  _  ".
The possible answers are:
A:sad
B:happy
C:brave
D:afraidJenny gets up early in the morning. She has her breakfast and then goes to school. She walks to the bus stop and takes a bus. She gets to school at about half past seven. Jenny is never late for school. She likes her school and works hard. Classes begin at 8:00. She has six classes every day. Jenny is good at all her lessons, and she likes English best. Usually Jenny has lunch at school. She goes home at five in the afternoon. Sometimes, she helps her friends with their lessons. After supper she usually watches TV news. Then she does her homework. She goes to bed at about 9:30. Jenny is a good girl.
The question is: Where does Jenny have her breakfast?
The possible answers are:
A:She has her breakfast at home.
B:She has her breakfast at school.
C:She has her breakfast on her way to school.
D:She has her breakfast on the bus.An Englishman was showing a foreign visitor around London. "What's that strange building?" asked the visitor. "That's the Tower of London." "I see. How long did it take to build it?" "About 500 years." "In my country we can build it in five months," Shortly after that they came to St. Paul's Cathedral . "Very interesting!" said the visitor. "How long did it take to build it ?" "Near forty years." said the Englishman. "In my country we can finish it in forty days at most," said the visitor. This went on all day.
They visited most of the best known buildings in the city. Every time they saw a new one, the visitor asked what it was and how long it took to build it. Then he said that they could do the same thing much faster in his country.
At last the Englishman got angry with the visitor though he tried not to show it. Several days later they came to the House of Parliament and the visitor asked his usual question, "What is that?" The Englishman answered, " I have no idea. It wasn't there last night."
The question is: It took them a few days to see   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:some of the best known buildings in England.
B:several best known places in England
C:many famous houses in the city of London
D:most of the best known buildings in LondonWhen I was in primary school, I got into a big argument   with a boy in my class. I forgot what the argument was about, but I will never forget the lesson I learned that day.
I thought that I was right and he was wrong - and he thought that I was wrong and he was right. The teacher decided to teach us a very important lesson.
In the middle of her desk was a large, round ball. I could clearly see that it was black. She asked the boy what color the ball was. "White," he answered.uShe brought us to the front of the class and asked him to stand on one side of her desk and me on the other.
I couldn't believe he said the ball was white, when it was obviously   black! Another argument started between us, this time about the color of the ball.
The teacher told us to change places and then asked me what color the ball was. I answered: "White."
It was a ball with two differently colored sides, and from his side it was white. Only from my side it was black.
Sometimes we need to look at problems from the other person's view in order to truly understand his or her perspective  .
The question is: What happened to the writer in the beginning?
The possible answers are:
A:She fought with a boy in her class.
B:She didn't get along with boys.
C:She had a big argument with a boy.
D:A boy tried to teach her a lesson.Mum gives little Jerry twenty yuan. Then little Jerry goes shopping. He gets on a bus and sits down next to an old woman. Then he sees the old woman's bag is open. There is twenty yuan in it. He quickly looks into his pocket. The money isn't there now! Little Jerry is sure that the old woman is a thief . He wants to take back the money from the old woman's bag. He carefully puts his hands into the old woman's bag, takes the money and says nothing. Then, the old woman shouts, "Where is my money? I can't find it. There is a thief on the bus." Little Jerry feels strange . Then he sees twenty yuan under his seat. Little Jerry is thinking a question now, "Am I a thief?"
The question is: Little Jerry is sure that the old woman is a   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:thief
B:teacher
C:rich woman
D:poor womanMichael Jordan was born on February 17,1963 in Brooklym ,N.Y. And he graduated from North Carolina College. There are four people in his family, his wife Juanita, his sons Jeffrey and Marcus. His favorite food is seafood. His position is board and his favorite sports are golf and football except basketball.
His awards won:
Won a 1982 NCAA Named the Century's Greatest Athlete.
Men's Basketball Title.
Won an Olympic Gold Medal in Men's Basketball.
Won a NBA Title 6 times.(91, 92, 93 ,96, 97, 98)
Broke a NBA play-offs scoring record by scoring 63 in 1986 versus the Boston Celtics.
Named NBA Most Valuable Player 5 times.( 88, 91, 92, 96, 98)
The question is: What's his favorite sport except basketball?
The possible answers are:
A:Football
B:Golf
C:Swimming
D:A and BToday there are policemen everywhere, but in 1700, London had no policemen at all. A few old men used to protect the city streets at night and they were not paid.
About 300 years ago, London was starting to get bigger and more and more people began to live there. The city was very dirty and many people were poor. There were so many thieves who stole money in the streets that people stayed in their homes as much as possible.
In 1750,Henry Fielding started to pay a group of people to stop thieves. They were like policemen and were called "Bow Street Runners" because they worked near Bow Street.
Fifty years later, there were 120 "Bow Street Runners", but London had become very big and needed more policemen. So in 1829 , the first Metropolitan(or London)Police Force was started with 3,000 officers. Most of the men worked on foot, but a few rode horses. Until 1920 all the police in London were men.
Today, London police are quite well paid and for the few police officers who still ride horses, the pay is even better than for the others.
The question is: People didn't leave their houses because  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:they had no money
B:they were afraid of losing money
C:the city was not clean
D:they liked homesYou may know the English letters A, B and C, but do you know there are people called "ABC"? You may like eating bananas, but do you know there are people called "banana persons"? If you don't know, I will tell you about it. They are some Chinese people like you and me, but they aren't in China. Why do people call them like that?
If we call somebody an ABC person, we mean he or she is a Chinese but was born   in America. Sometimes, people also call them "banana persons". A banana is yellow outside and white inside. So if somebody is a "banana person", he or she is "white" inside and "yellow" outside. By saying that, we mean he or she has yellow skin  but does things in an American way. "Banana persons" were born in America and they live in America for a long time, so they think like Americans and do things like Americans. However, these people still have Chinese blood . Their parents, grandparents or even great-grandparents are from China. They all have black eyes and black hair, so they look like us, Chinese people.
There are many famous "banana persons" in America. They do very well in America and they are really great in their own fields.
The question is: Which of the following is TRUE about "banana persons"?
The possible answers are:
A:They live in China.
B:They were born in China.
C:They grew up in China.
D:They think like Americans.Last week Lu visited England. He stayed with my grandmother. He found it was strange.
'I don't know why, but I frightened your grandmother a lot. When I arrived, I gave her a purse from Dongtai. She looked in it and asked me to take it back. Then I saw a red spider   on the table, and I killed it for her. She seemed very unhappy. Do English people like spiders?
'Later we went shopping. Someone was painting a shop front, so there was a ladder. Grandmother stopped me from walking under it and said I must walk around it. I liked the shops and bought some lovely rose soap for my mother, a smart umbrella for my father and some new shoes for myself. When we got back, I put the shoes on the table and opened the umbrella to check if it was all right. Your grandmother came in and screamed!
'Then I broke a small mirror in the bathroom. Your grandmother's face went white. I felt very sorry. When I left, I gave your grandmother some flowers. She counted and there were 13. She didn't like them.'
I explained to Lu, 'My grandmother follows the old customs. You must not give someone an empty purse, or they will have no money. You must not kill a "money spider", or the same will happen. Also it is very unlucky to walk under a ladder or put new shoes on the table. An open umbrella in a house means someone will die. Breaking a mirror brings seven years' bad luck, and 13 is also a very unlucky number. You were really making my grandmother very afraid.'
The question is: Why did Lu frighten the writer's grandmother?
The possible answers are:
A:Because he could not speak English.
B:Because he did many unlucky things.
C:Because he understood British customs.
D:Because he went shopping in England.Greenwood Gazette
.................................................................................................................................
To Hire
A Quiet flat in Greenwood  2 bedrooms, large kitchen Near shops and restaurants PS600 a month
Phone 07348 0848153B Small 3rd-floor flat in central London
1 bedroom
2 minutes from the train station PS650 a month  Phone 020 933 9458C House in Hoburn from end of September
3 bedrooms, small garden
Near the university PS1000 a month Phone 07122 7476933
The question is: If you want to hire Flat B for half a year, how much should you pay for it?
The possible answers are:
A:PS650.
B:PS3250.
C:PS3900.
D:PS7800.Do You Want to Be an Artist?
Do you want to be an artist? Come to our club. We have guitar, violin, piano and drum lessons for just Y=240 each. You can also learn to sing or dance for just Y=180 each. If you like art, you can be satisfied, too. Art lessons are just Y=200 each.
The question is: If you want to be   _   ,come to our club.
The possible answers are:
A:an artist
B:a doctor
C:a teacher
D:a driverTibet is among the most popular places for Chinese tourists. The number of travelers to Tibet has grown by 10% every year for a few years. Since July 1,2006, when the first train ran 1956 kilometers from Xining to Lhasa, more and more people have been going to Tibet.
The train stops at several famous places along the way, such as Qinghai Lake, Kunlun Mountain, and the Potala Palace. Passengers can also enjoy many activities during the journey, like Tibetan dancing and Karaoke.
On the train, passengers can have tea, eggs and noodles for breakfast, and fried chicken and green vegetables for lunch and dinner. Unlike most Chinese trains which have open - hole toilets, this one has special toilets which can collect the waste. There is also a special rubbish system   in the train that keeps the environment clean. All the windows on the train can protect people from the bright sunlight. TV and electrical sockets   for computers and mobile phones can be found on the train.
Because there isn't much oxygen there, trains will have oxygen masks   for those who need _ . It makes passengers feel more comfortable when they have enough oxygen on the famous "roof of the world". There are also doctors on the train to make sure that all of the travelers are safe.
The question is: Which of the following is NOT among the places of interest?
The possible answers are:
A:Qinghai Lake
B:Karaoke.
C:Kunlun Mountain.
D:The Potala Palace.In 1995,Oseola McCarty gave a present of $150 000 to the University of Southern Mississippi. She wanted to help poor students. It was a very generous thing to do. But her friends and neighbors were surprised. McCarty was a good woman. She went to church. She was always friendly and helpful. But everyone in her town knew that McCarty was not rich. In fact,she was poor.
How did a poor 86-year-old woman have so much money? Oseola McCarty was born in 1908 in Hattiesburg,Mississippi. She had to leave school when she was eight years old to help her family. She took a job washing clothes. She earned only a few dollars a day. Oseola washed the clothes by hand. Then she hung the clothes to dry. She did this for nearly 80 years. In the 1960s,she bought an automatic washer and dryer. But she gave them away. She did not think they got the clothes clean enough!At that time,many people started to buy their own washers and dryers. McCarty did not have much work, so she started to iron clothes instead.
McCarty never married or had children. Her life was very simple. She went to work and to church. She read her Bible  . She had a black-and-white television. But she did not watch it very much. It had only one channel.
McCarty saved money all her life and eventually had about $250 000. When she was 86,a lawyer helped her make a will. She left money to the church,her relatives,and the university. McCarty just wanted to help others. She did not think she was a special person. But then people found out about her present to the university. She received many honors  . She even flew in an airplane for the first time!Oseola McCarty died in 1999. She was a shy and ordinary woman who became famous.
,.
The question is: From the story we know   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:McCarty was born in a poor family near the University of Southern Mississippi
B:everyone was surprised because they thought McCarty had no education
C:washers and dryers brought a change in McCarty's life
D:McCarty gave half of her money to the church and her relativesLast summer, Cathy's family went to New York City for their summer vacation. They stay there for two weeks. New York City has about seven and a half million people. _ is the largest city in the United States.
First they visited the Statue of Liberty. It is one of New York's most well-known historical sites . Millions of people visit it every year.   On the second day, they went to the Empire State Building. From the top of the building, they saw most parts of New York. On the third day, they visited the Metropolitan Museum. In this museum, they saw a lot of famous paintings. During the rest time of the week, Cathy went to Bronx Zoo with her younger brother and sister.
In the second week, the family visited Long Island. They all had a good time.
The question is: New York has about   _   people.
The possible answers are:
A:7,000,000
B:7,500,000
C:8,000,000
D:8,500,000Can you understand the following words?
"Long time no see."
"Good good study, day day up."
"I like your smile, but unlike you put your shoes on my face."
Yes, we call these examples Chinglish, like "people mountain, people sea".
Chinglish usually means English vocabulary with Chinese grammar on street signs or products. However, many English speaking tourists love them. Tom has been living in Beijing for years. "I think many Chinese people dislike Chinglish. But I love it. It's quite interesting. I think if the translations of English in China are all perfect, something will be lost from Chinese culture."  However, Chinglish will probably become a part of history in future. Beijing has made a plan to correct Chinglish within five years. "It is so funny to see Chinglish on the signs. And they are a kind of trouble for communication between the Chinese and foreigners," a Beijinger said.
However, some people in China like Chinglish. They think that English has "borrowed" a lot from other languages such as German, French and Spanish in the past, and now as Chinese's turn.
The question is: What is Chinglish according to the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:The English words easy to pronounce.
B:The Chinese words difficult to translate.
C:The English words with Chinese grammar.
D:The Chinese words that foreigners love.This is a teacher's family. The father's name is Lake Smith. He's forty - four. The mother's name is Kate Green. She's forty - two. The Smiths have a son, Jim, and a daughter, Ann. Jim is fourteen, and Ann is twelve. The son looks like his father, and the daughter looks like her mother. They are all in No.4 Middle School. But the Smiths are teachers; the son and daughter are students.
The question is: What's Jim's father?  ----He is   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:a worker
B:a teacher
C:a doctor
D:a driverWhen the world was very young, people lived in hot places .They didn't live in cold places because they could not keep warm there.
At first men didn't know how to make a fire. Sometimes trees were hit by lightning .Then a fire was started .People took some of the fire near their homes. A fire was very important for three reasons. It kept them warm. Wild animals were frightened when they saw it. And when food was cooked, it tasted much better.
But men didn't know how to make a fire. When they had a fire, they didn't let it stop burning. If it went out, they couldn't start it again. They had to wait for lightning to start another fire. Sometimes they had to wait for years.
Later, they learned how to make a fire. But it was not easy to make something burn . Now we have matches. We can carry them in our pockets and make a fire when we want to.
The question is: People found that   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:wild animals enjoyed fire very much
B:the cooked food tasted better than uncooked food
C:the uncooked food tasted much better
D:wild animals needed fire to keep them warmI live in a small town near Xing'an in Guilin. You can't see it on the map of China, because it is too small. The air here is very fresh .
There are not many tall buildings in our town. The tallest building is in our school. There are five hundred students and twenty-five teachers in our school.
In the front of the school, there is a playground. I often play basketball with my classmates on it. There is a little garden behind our school. And we can grow   beautiful flowers and plant trees there. Next to the garden, there is an orange orchard . You can hear birds singing everywhere.
There is a river not far from our school. In summer, we usually go swimming with our teachers in it. We study Chinese, English, Maths and other subjects at school. The teachers are very nice. We love our school.
Do you like my town? I hope you can come here to have a look.
The question is: The writer lives  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:in a small town
B:in the city
C:in the country
D:in a tall buildingSome etiquette in modern life
Do you often use a mobile phone? Do you take the subway to school every day? These items make our modern life easier. But do you know how we should behave properly while using them? The following suggestions might be helpful.
For mobile phone users
*Keep your voice down when you make a phone call in public. Shouting on the phone may make others feel uncomfortable. And you'd better not use it during an appointment .
*Stop sending messages or playing games with your mobile phone at a dinner or a party. It's a good time to communicate with your family and friends.
*Don't make or answer a call while driving. It is not only very dangerous for both you and your passengers but also against the law.
For subway passengers
*You are supposed to wait in line while buying tickets and getting on the subway.
*You're not allowed to eat, drink or smoke on the subway train. The smell and noise may trouble others. It's our duty to keep the train clean and tidy. Besides, smoking is bad for health.
*You can't take pets on the train. As we all know, animals may
and get the train dirty.
The question is: Which items are proper when using your mobile phone?
The possible answers are:
A:We can send messages or play games at a dinner or a party.
B:We can't make or answer a call while driving.
C:We can use it during an appointment.
D:We can make a phone call loudly in public.Like many people, I have no clear idea about heroes. At some point, we all wonder if we need a hero and what a hero really is.
Although there are a lot of differences in cultures, heroes around the world generally share a number of characteristics   which give us courage and make us want to learn from them.
A hero does something worth talking about. A hero has a special story to tell and people think highly of it. But a hero is not just the person with great fame   .
A hero has powers   larger than himself. Some people want to live like a hero, and they have to experience life with new and further meaning. A sure test for would-be heroes is what or whom they serve. What do they want to live and die for? If the answer suggests they serve only their own fame, they may be famous persons but not heroes.
A hero has a _ from the mountaintop. He has the power to move people. He creates new possibilities. Without Gandhi, India might still be part of Britain. Without Martin Luther King, Jr., Americans might take different buses, eat in different restaurants, go for walks in different parks, and shop in different stores because of the different colors of their skin.
There might be changes in society without a hero, but the speed of change would be rather slow. Thanks to heroes in history, they make the society develop so rapidly.
The question is: Black people in America used to   _   before Martin Luther King, Jr..
The possible answers are:
A:shop at the white's stores
B:drive buses with the white
C:take walks in the white's parks
D:eat in restaurants without the whiteDo you know Fei Junlong and Nie Haisheng? Fei Junlong was born in 1965. He is a Chinese astronaut selected as a member of the Shenzhou program. He was born in Jiangsu and joined the People's Liberation Army Air Force in 1982 at the age of 17. And since then he has only returned home six times. As a fighter pilot , he was selected to an astronaut in 1998.
He married Wang Jie in 1991 and has one son.
Nie Haisheng was born in September 1964. He is also a Chinese astronaut selected for the Shenzhou program. He is from Hubei. After graduating from high school he joined the People's Liberation Army Air Force, and became a fighter pilot. In 1998 he was selected for the astronaut program.
He was one of the three astronauts who were in the final group to train for the Shenzhou 5 fight. Yang Liwei was also picked out for the flight, with Zhai Ahigang.
On September 23,2005 it was reported that Zhai and Nie would be one of the three pairs of astronauts who would be in the final training for Shenzhou 6. But in the end, Fei and Nie were chosen, and Zhai missed his chance to space again.
Nie Haisheng got married to Nie Jielin and has an 11-year-old daughter.
The question is: When did Nie join the army?
The possible answers are:
A:In 1982.
B:In 1998.
C:In 1991.
D:After his graduation from high school.On a hot day, it can be hard to know what to do to feel good.
Playing in water is one way to feel cooler. Taking a cool bath or a shower can feel really good on a hot day.
It is also important for us to drink water. If you feel thirsty, you should drink water immediately. On hot days, you can lose about 16 glasses of water in one day, so many doctors advise that you should try to drink at least that much every day. Mixing a little fruit juice into your water is a fun way to help you drink plenty of water.
The food we eat also makes a difference in how we feel in the heat. Cold food, such as ice cream and drinks with some ice, can cool down our bodies. However, eating spicy  food makes our bodies even warmer.
The clothes we wear can help us feel cooler as well. Light-coloured, light-weight clothes feel cooler in the sun than dark, heavy clothing. Loose clothes are more comfortable in the heat than tight ones.
Even though it is not healthy to run around during the hottest time of the day, that doesn't mean a hot day is not fun! You can read stories in your room. You can also paint or draw without moving your body too much. These are just some of many cool things to do on a hot day.
The question is: What kind of clothes can help us feel cooler on a hot day?
The possible answers are:
A:Loose clothes.
B:Dark clothes.
C:Tight clothes.
D:Heavy clothes.We pick up your children at school and give them a safe place to play,do homework,and learn after school.
Experienced Teachers/Lunch&Snacks/Toys&Books
Ages 6 to 12
Our Programs:*Languages  *Maths *Computer  *Music
Open 11:00 am to 7:00 pm,Mon.to Fri.
26 Market Road,Star City
(between First Street and Second Street,next to the Flower Market)
TEL:8765--4321
The question is: Who can have fun and learn in Little Rabbit?
The possible answers are:
A:Mike,a school boy of 13.
B:Mary,an eightyearold girl.
C:Cathy,an experienced teacher.
D:Linda,a housewife without work.In the deep blue Indian Ocean, there's a beautiful island   country called Maldives . It's the smallest in population and area of all the Asian countries. It has an area of 90,000 km2, but 99% of the area is covered by the sea. It has 1,190 islands and is about 820 km from North to South. People live on no more than 200 islands, while another 87 are visited by tourists. _ The capital Maleis is on one of the middle islands, and about 75,000 people live there. The people there are friendly and welcoming. They use their traditional games to welcome people from all over the world. It is sunny on the islands almost every day, and makes them look so beautiful. People can enjoy lots of things in Maldives.
The question is: What does the writer think of the people in the Maldives?
The possible answers are:
A:He thinks they're boring.
B:He thinks they're poor.
C:They are friendly and welcoming.
D:He doesn't like them.I like visiting museums on weekends. In them I can see lots of interesting things. In London there are lots of museums. Across from my house is the British Museum. Going to the museum is free but I don't like going there. In the museum I can't speak with people. I can't touch  the things and I can't take photos.
The Science Museum is not near my home and I can't take photos in it. But I like going there, because I can run, touch the things and speak with people in it. In the museum, I can also do some interesting things by myself. It's a good way to learn about science. The Science Museum is _ from 10 am to 6 pm every day. If you have time, please visit it. It's my favorite place in the world.
The question is: Which of the following is NOT true?
The possible answers are:
A:The Science Museum is open at 10 am.
B:The writer likes the Science Museum.
C:Going to the British Museum is free.
D:The writer can touch the things in the British Museum.Once a small boy lived on a farm which seemed so far away from everywhere.
He needed to get up before the sun rose every morning to help his father on the farm. After an hour he could take a break for a while. Then he climbed up on the walls along the side of the farm. He could see a house with gold windows. "If they could afford gold windows, then there must be other nice things inside the house." He imagined how great it would be to live there. Then he promised himself, "Some day I will go there and see this wonderful place."
One morning, his father would go to the town and told him to stay at home for a rest. Knowing that this was his chance, he took a sandwich and went across the field towards the house with the gold windows.
As the afternoon went on, he began to realize how wrong he was. The house was much farther than he had expected. As he went near the house, he saw no gold windows but instead a place in need of painting. A small girl very close to his age came out of the poor house and stood there. He asked her if she had seen the house with the gold windows.
The girl said, "Sure, I know." and invited him to sit on the porch  . As he sat there, he looked back from where he just came. There he saw the sunset   turned the windows of his house to gold! Now he understood that everyone had his own house with gold windows.
The question is: When the boy knew he would stay alone, he thought it was a chance for him to   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:go to the town
B:go to see the house
C:play on the field
D:make the gold windowsLife in Britain
Homes and families
Many British people live in Houses, not apartments. Most houses have gardens.
Daily life
Most office workers start work at about nine in the morning, and finish at about five or six in the afternoon. Most people don't go home for lunch, and they just have a quick meal.
School life
Children start school at about nine am, and finish at about three thirty pm. Most children have lunch at school. All children go to school when they are four or five years old, and leave when they are sixteen or seventeen.
Shops
Most shops open at about nine am and close at about six pm. Usually, they don't close for lunch.
The question is: The children in Britain usually study at school for  _   .
The possible answers are:
A:sixteen or seventeen years
B:twelve or thirteen years
C:four or five years
D:four yearsLast summer, Cathy's family went to New York City for their summer vacation. They stay there for two weeks. New York City has about seven and a half million people. _ is the largest city in the United States.
First they visited the Statue of Liberty. It is one of New York's most well-known historical sites . Millions of people visit it every year.   On the second day, they went to the Empire State Building. From the top of the building, they saw most parts of New York. On the third day, they visited the Metropolitan Museum. In this museum, they saw a lot of famous paintings. During the rest time of the week, Cathy went to Bronx Zoo with her younger brother and sister.
In the second week, the family visited Long Island. They all had a good time.
The question is: _   they visited Long Island.
The possible answers are:
A:On the first day
B:In the first week
C:On the second day
D:In the second weekThis is a room in Kate's house. There is a big bed, a table, a computer and some chairs in it. There's a glass and some books on the table. There is a picture on the wall. Kate is in the room. She is looking at the picture. Her father and mother are in the school. They work hard.
The question is: Is there anything on the table?
The possible answers are:
A:Yes, there is.
B:No, there isn't.
C:Some books.
D:A glass.As I was leaving to meet Lynne, my roommate told me that I'd better take some money. But I didn't listen to him. I thought that Lynne would pay because she had invited me. I arrived at the restaurant exactly on time. I'd been told that Americans expect you to be on time. Lynne and I sat at a table in the corner of restaurant and a waitress came and took our order.
The dinner was a great success. I talked a lot about Saudi Arabia and Lynne told me all about herself. After two hours, the waitress finally came and asked if we wanted one check or two. Lynne said two. We went to the cashier and Lynne paid her check. I was embarrassed   when the cashier gave me my bill. I had no money to pay for my meal. Then I had an idea. I pretended to look for something in my pockets and said, "Oh! I forgot my wallet! Can I call my roommate, please?" The cashier showed me where the phone was and I quickly called my roommate. In a few minutes, he arrived with some money, but he couldn't hide how he felt. He laughed all the way home. Now, I think it's funny too, but at that time I was terribly embarrassed. I thought that an invitation to have dinner in the United States meant the same thing as that in China. I guess you have to understand that your customs are only your customs. When you visit a foreign country, you have to learn about their customs, too.
The question is: What is the passage mainly about?
The possible answers are:
A:People should always take some money with them.
B:A Chinese man must pay for the meal.
C:A good roommate can really help you a lot.
D:Customs can be entirely   different in different countries.You've probably heard of working dogs that help police officers, or horses that help farmers. Did you know that carrier pigeons can be trained to help people too? Here are some examples.
Mailman
Carrier pigeons can be trained to carry messages to people. The note is placed into a small can. The can is tied to the pigeon's leg. Then the pigeon flies off with the note.
Lifeguard
From high up in the sky, specially trained pigeons can find orange life jackets in the ocean. Sometimes it is difficult for humans to find people lost at sea, especially when the weather is bad. However, pigeons can fly quickly over a large area of water to look for people.
Spy
Many years ago, carrier pigeons were used to help our country during wars  . "Spy pigeons" had small cameras that were tied to their feet. As a pigeon flew over enemy  land, the camera took photos of the land below. This would allow our soldiers to see where the enemies were and what they were doing.
So next time you see a pigeon, stop and watch it closely. What might look like an ordinary bird to most people, might actually be helpful.
The question is: What kind of jobs are mentioned for a carrier pigeon?
The possible answers are:
A:A mailman, a lifeguard and a spy.
B:A trainer, a spy and a police officer.
C:A soldier, a police officer and a mailman.
D:A farmer, a weather reporter and a lifeguard.Who is smarter, human being or artificial intelligence(AI, )?The question swept the world a few months ago. In March 2016, AlphaGo, an AI program developed by Google, had the Go  match with Lee Sedol, a South Korean Go player. He is the world top player of this old Chinese game.
In October 2015, AlphaGo became the first computer program to beat a professional  human Go player. And this time, it beat Lee Sedol 4-1.
In fact, before the match, most people believed that Lee would certainly be the winner, because they didn't think that AI was good enough to beat the human mind. However, the result was disappointing. As a machine, AlphaGo would never get tired, while Lee Sedol was only a human and humans must have some weaknesses.
AlphaGo's wins over a human champion  show that computers can do more difficult tasks. Some people may worry whether computers are now smart enough to beat us at everything. But scientists say that is not the case. Real life problems can be more difficult than the Go game. Thomas Johnson, a scientist of AI said, "It's not hard to get a computer program to remember and produce facts. What is hard is getting computers to use knowledge in everyday situation. " We believe we can use the technology of AI to improve the world.
The question is: The match between AlphaGo and Lee Sedol is mentioned at the beginning of the article mainly to  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:get the reader to think about AI
B:draw the reader's attention to AlphaGo
C:show how AI is usually tested
D:tell the reader AI has over the human brain"Come on, Dad! It's 7:20 a.m. now," says Harry.
"I need to wash   the car now," Mr. Smith says. "You walk to school this morning, OK?"
"But the school is a little far," says Jane.
"Walking is good. Now get your schoolbags and go!"
Then Jane and Harry walk to school. It takes 30 minutes. When they get to school, they are very tired.
In the evening, Jane and Harry have a big meal   with their grandfather. They tell him they are not happy to walk to school. Grandpa says, "That's good for you. I used to   walk five miles to school every day."
"Really?" Jane says. "But I don't like walking."
Grandpa says, "Kids   need to walk or run every day. It's good for your health.
"Oh, I'll start walking every day," Harry says. "I'd like to be healthy."
"I will join you, Harry," says Jane.
The question is: Who usually takes Jane and Harry to school?
The possible answers are:
A:Their father.
B:Their mother.
C:Their sister.
D:Their grandfather.Tommy buys a ticket  and goes in. But after two or three minutes he comes out. He buys a second ticket and goes in again. After a few minutes he comes out again and buys a third ticket. Two or three minutes after that, he comes out a third time and asks for another ticket. Then the girl selling tickets says to him, "Why are you buying all these? Are you meeting friends in the cinema all the time?"
"No, I'm not doing that." the small boy says, "But a big woman always stops me at the door and tears   my tickets up."
The question is: What can we guess  from the story?
The possible answers are:
A:Tommy is the first time to go to a cinema.
B:Tommy doesn't like the small boy.
C:The girl likes the small boy.
D:The girl asks the woman to do so.There is  a nice girl in our class. She is twelve. She is not tall and is not short. She is a little fat . She has a round face like an apple. She has big black eyes and a small nose. Her mouth is small, but her ears are big. Her hair is short and black. She likes red. She is often  in a red skirt. But today she is in a yellow T-shirt, blue pants and brown shoes. She has a toy dog. It's her friend.
,.
The question is: The girl is   _  years old.
The possible answers are:
A:12
B:13
C:14
D:15China is the first developing country to host the Olympic Games in modern Olympic history. It hopes to learn from other countries that have held Olympic Games. As well as new buildings, the government   wants more people to work in all the services  in Beijing. There are a lot more people in the city, because of all the visitors to the Olympics. The city also need more places to eat and drink, because visitors eat out a lot.
The government says the Beijing Olympics are "green", "hi-tech" , and "the People's Olympics". They want everyone to feel part of the Olympics. So the Chinese people have prepared for the Olympics too. Many people  learn English to work as guides in 2008.
The Beijing organizers   make sure everything that is built for the Olympics can be used after the Games are over. So the Chinese people  work for the Olympics and they can benefit  from the Olympics too. When the Olympics are over, the people of Beijing can use the swimming pools and other Olympics sports centers.
The question is: Why does the government want more people to work in Beijing?
The possible answers are:
A:Because the services in Beijing used to be very poor.
B:Because many people can't find jobs in their hometown.
C:Because many visitors will come to Beijing.
D:Because there are too many buildingsFIFA has decided that the Football World Cup 2018 will be held in Russia. Before the answer was given to the public, many people thought England would be the winner.
Famous football player, David Beckham, Prince William and Prime Minister David Cameron all worked hard to help England to hold the Football World Cup 2018. Mr. Cameron promised that England would make every fan feel at home and that it would host the most wonderful Football World Cup in history. David Beckham spoke movingly of how his grandfather, a football fan, died as he was playing in the Football World Cup.
FIFA president, Sepp Blatter, described England as "the motherland of football" before he opened the envelope with the winner's name in it.
Prince William said, "Certainly we're very disappointed. We have worked hard, but sadly, it didn't work."
He added later, "I'm sorry for England football fans. We have given everything we could."
Before the answer was given, hundreds of fans had gathered in London and other main English cities in the cold weather in the hope of good news, but the news let them down.
The last Football World Cup help in England was the Football World Cup 1966.
The question is: Which of the following is TRUE according to the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:Mr. Cameron promised that England would make every fan feel at home.
B:David Beckham described England as "the motherland of football" before he opened the envelope with the winner's name in it.
C:Prince William spoke movingly of how his grandfather loved the Football World Cup.
D:Before the answer was given, hundreds of fans had gathered in New York.Animals are our friends. We can find different kinds of animals on Earth. Some animals are living in big forests. And some animals are living with man.
Animals are very important to man. For example, people can train the elephants to do some heavy work. And they can also train the dogs to look after the house. A police dog is clever. It can help people in danger. And it can also help the policeman to catch the thieves or murderers. The children like dogs very much.
Everyone knows sheep and pigs very well. Man eats their meat almost every day. People can make coasts and shoes with their skins. From cows, we can get milk. It's good for our health. And horses can take us to other places. In some places, horses and camels are instead of car and buses. It's clear that man can't live comfortably without these animals.
The question is: We can get milk from  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:dogs
B:pigs
C:hens
D:cowsIn the sea there are many islands. In its warm waters there are some little ones. We call them coral  islands.
A coral island is very nice to look at. It looks like a ring of land with trees, grass, and flowers on it. One part of the ring is open to the water. There is a little round lake inside the island.
If you look into this lake, you will see beautiful coral. You may think they are flowers.
If you look at a piece of coral, you will see many little holes in it. In each of these holes a very small sea animal has lived. These sea animals make the coral.
They began to build under the water. Year after year, the coral grew higher and higher. At last it grew out of the water.
Then the sea brought to it small trees and something else. After some years, these things changed into earth. Sometimes the wind brought seeds to this earth. Sometimes birds flew over it and brought seeds to the island. The little seeds grew. In a few years there were plants all over the island. In a few more years there were trees growing there.
So you see, these islands were built little by little. The workers were very small. Don't they teach us a lesson? Can you think what the lesson is?
The question is: How did seeds of trees, grass and flowers come to the coral islands?
The possible answers are:
A:The wind and birds brought them to the coral islands.
B:Only the wind brought them there.
C:People brought them there.
D:Fishes brought them there.Everyone would like to be remembered. A few people even try to do something that no one else in history has ever tried to do. These people sometimes have their names recorded in the Guinness Book of Records.
Often it takes a group of people to do something unusual. One such team paddled a bathtub 145 kilometers for 24 hours. This group had 13 members. They paddled their bathtub on a river near Ashford, Great Britain on May 28 and 29, 1983. A month later, a racing team of hospital bed pushers in Avon ,Great Britain, pushed a hospital bed 16 kilometers in just 50 minutes! However, the distance record for hospital bed pushing is still held by the men of Brunt field Bedding Center. This team from Edinburgh pushed a hospital bed 5,203 kilometers in 1979. It took the team 35 days to cover the distance.
Another group of record makers held the highest dinner party in the world. Nine people from Sydney, Australia, climbed Mountain Huascaran on June 28 1989.The climbers carried a dinner table, chairs, and a meal up the mountain .When they reached the top, they all put on warm suits for dinner.
People all over the world are trying hard to do something unusual to make a record. It should be understood; however, that now not all the records will be kept in the Guinness Book of Records.
The question is: According to the passage, what record was made near Ashford in May, 1983?
The possible answers are:
A:A record for paddling a bathtub.
B:A record for climbing a mountain.
C:A record for pushing a hospital bed.
D:A record for swimming across a river.As one of Hollywood's all-time greatest actress, Audrey Hepburn is famous all over the world. When Hepburn died in 1993, the world mourned the loss of a great beauty, a great actress and a great humanitarian.
Born in Belgium on 4th May 1929, Hepburn dreamed of becoming a
successful ballet dancer. She had also been a model before she entered the film industry. In 1951, while acting in Monte Carlo Baby, Hepburn met the famous French writer Colette, who was attracted by Hepburn's beauty and charm. She insisted that Hepburn was the perfect girl to play the lead role in Gigi, a play based on her novel. That event marked the beginning of Hepburn's successful career.
Shortly after, Hepburn was chosen to play the lead role of a young princess in the Hollywood film Roman Holiday. It was a big success and earned her an Oscar for Best Actress. She also won a Tony Award for the play Ondine.[:..]
During her lifetime, Hepburn earned four more Oscar nominations. In 1989, she made her final appearance in her last film Always and played the role of an angel.
Throughout her acting years, she acted in only one TV series, Gardens of the world with Audrey Hepburn. By showing us the beauty of nature, Hepburn wanted to remind us that we should protect the environment.
Hepburn is remembered not just as a great actress, but also as a great humanitarian. She was honoured with a number of awards because of her efforts in her charity work. In 1992, the President of the United States presented her with the Presidential Medal of Freedom.
In 1991, Hepburn discovered that she had cancer. In 1993, at the age of 63, she passed away peacefully in her sleep.
The question is: Her successful career lasted about   _   years.
The possible answers are:
A:60
B:50
C:40
D:30Most American families like to have a vacation in summer. Summer is a good season for vacation. It is often hot in July and August.
Children do not go to school in those two months. Some people like to stay at home, read books, or watch TV. Many families take their lunch to eat at a place with many trees or a nice lake.
Some people have enough time and money to travel to other countries like France, Japan and Australia. They usually fly to these countries. Many families travel by car or train to see interesting places in their own countries. Their favorite cities are New York, Chicago, Miami, San Francisco and Los Angeles.
Not everyone likes to go to busy cities. Some families travel to mountains or beautiful valleys.
,A, B, C, D,. (5,1,5)
The question is: Many people don't  _  during their vacation.
The possible answers are:
A:read books
B:travel
C:watch TV
D:go to workWhen you get up in the morning, do you find it hard to choose what clothes to wear? If so, you probably need help to make the bigger choices in your life, like what to do when you're older. Brave New Girls, by American author Jean Gade-berg, will help you make such choices. It says you must be a brave new girl. A brave new girl is one who is confident, healthy and happy. A brave new girl can realize her dreams. To be brave, you need to make a decision for yourself. Other people may tell you what to do, but you should not listen to them. You must only do what you want. If you always wear clothes like your favourite TV star, you must stop doing so. Instead, become your own star and wear the clothes you want. You have to like your body, it says. If you don't, you will not take good care of it, and it won't stay healthy. The book also says that girls must start becoming more confident. If you are confident, you'll succeed in life. A good way to become confident is to realize that you are as clever as boys. In fact you are. Just look at their grades! Only then can you realize your dreams and become who you want to be.
The question is: What's the best title of the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:To be brave.
B:A good book.
C:To be a brave new girl.
D:Realize dreams.Michael wanted to make some money to buy a new computer game, but he did not know how. So he went to ask his brother Greg for help.
"I think you could help to wash Mom's and Dad's cars," Greg said, "Some of the neighbors could pay you to wash theirs, too. It's getting colder and no one wants to wash the cars themselves."
Michael agreed, but he shivered at the thought of washing cars and getting wet in cold weather."Maybe this isn't a good idea."
"Don't worry," Greg said. "I have some golf gloves .You can use them to wash cars. and I will even help you to  wash the cars.""Thank you!"Michael said.
After spending the day washing cars, Michael got enough money and went to the store with Greg. He found the game he wanted quickly, but as he took it off the shelf he saw a golf video game next to it. He knew Greg loved golf and wouldn't play golf in winter, so he put his game back and decided to buy the golf video game.
"What are you doing?" Greg asked. "I thought this game would be more fun." said Michael. "We can play it together."
The question is: What's the passage mainly about?
The possible answers are:
A:Michael's childhood.
B:Michael and his neighbors.
C:How Michael made money
D:How Michael and Greg helped each other.Chloe Lang is a fifteen-year-old American girl. She loves cooking a lot. When she was a little girl, she helped her grandma make meals at home.
A year ago, Chloe wrote a letter to Rachel Ray, a famous host of a TV cookery  show. She asked for a ticket to be one of the audience, but she got nothing. One day in June, Chloe got a phone call from Rachel Ray luckily. One of his programmes is called Cafe One Night and it needed five teen cooks to help in a restaurant for a night.
In mid-July Chloe went to meet Rachel Ray and the other teen cooks. "During our stay with Rachel Ray, we were happy and excited. We were working so hard when they made the records." Chloe says. "We made some wonderful food that night."
Guess who came to eat! When Chloe and her friends saw their guests, they all held their breath, and then they screamed and clapped! In addition to some famous singer stars, the former US President Bill Clinton was also there!
,.
The question is: Rachel Ray and the other   _  teen cooks made some wonderful food that night.
The possible answers are:
A:four
B:five
C:six
D:SevenThe school day begins at 8:45.Class teachers meet the class and check who is present and absent at the beginning of the day. We meet as a whole school once a week on Fridays. The head teacher makes a speech to the whole school. Morning lessons begin at 9:05.There are three one-hour lessons with a fifteen-minute break.The lunch break is from 1 p.m. to 1:45p.m..Afternoon lessons begin at 1:50p.m. and the school day finishes at 4 p.m.
All students study and take exams in maths, science and English. In addition, they choose one subject from history, geography, Art, Design and Technology, French and Spanish... All students take PHSE(Personal Health and Safety Education) lessons but no exams are offered.
After school sports practice and matches are arranged  on Wednesday afternoon and Saturday morning. Chess, music, language and theatre clubs also arrange meetings after school. Students may join as many clubs as they like, but should join at least one.
The school has a good record in sports. Last year we were champions in football and tennis, and individual students won prizes for swimming and gymnastics.
The question is: What can we learn from the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:School lunch break lasts over one hour.
B:School football team wins matches every year.
C:Students can join more than one club.
D:Students do sports on Wednesday morning.Our school life is very interesting! My friends and I study hard at school. And we are good at our lessons. We are very happy. We have lots of time for our hobbies. My classmates all want to go to different clubs. Helen wants to join  the Reading Club. She loves reading books. The Reading Club meets every Wednesday at three thirty. Lily enjoys dancing. She wants to join the Dancing Club. It meets on Mondays at four thirty. There's also an Art Club. It meets on Fridays at four o'clock. Nick doesn't want to join the Art Club. He doesn't like drawing. He thinks it is too difficult for him . Nick likes playing computer games. He wants to join the Computer Club. It meets every Thursday at three forty-five. Mike loves sports. He wants to join the football team. They play football every Monday at three thirty. I want to join the Music Club. I like listening to music with my friends. The Music Club meets on Tuesday at three fifteen.
,:
The question is: Which is the best titlefor this passage ?
The possible answers are:
A:Our lessons
B:Sports
C:Our school life
D:My classWith the beautiful music, the first lesson of the new term in 2014 began at 8:05 on the evening of September 1st, 2014. The program includes four parts: be nice to your parents, be polite to others, love others and be self-improved. It really makes a great difference to the students and the parents' ideas.
Family education plays an important role to the children. The "king" of fairy tales Zheng Yuanjie told us the story between his father, his son and him. His father helped him fill the pen in order to let Zheng focus on writing. His father set us a good example on how to be a nice father. Zheng is nice to his father, too. He bought a TV for his father and his son learnt from him. The moving story really touched my heart. It made me know how important it is to teach by precept and example role.
Joey Yung told us that how her mother taught her to be a polite girl. We should think about others when we do something we like. We need try to be popular people. She reminded us of good manners in our daily life.
Qin Yong, a famous rock star, gave up his career and put all his heart in educating his sick son. Though he felt too tired, he never quitted. It's his duty to bring his son up. When he found that his son made great progress, he felt very happy.
The orphans' life made us deeply moved. From their father, we know that if we encourage a person, he will have self-improvement.
From this program, we know that we should love the people around us. Then, our world will be better and better.
The question is: The best title of the passage may be   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:The King of Fairy Tales
B:How to be a Polite Girl
C:The Orphans' Life
D:The First Lesson of the New TermMip
Mip, a playful robot, was developed by a Canadian toy maker named Wowwee. It stands 19 cm tall. You can control it just with your gestures   or a smart phone. Mip can run, balance and dance on two wheels. It can also bring you a bottle of water.
Android Wear
Google is developing a smart watch called Android Wear. The watch uses a touchscreen and voice control. Just say "OK, Google" to ask what ever you want to know. For example, say "OK, Google. Where's the nearest toy store?" Your watch will tell you the answer on Google Maps.
Le Pen
Do you like listening to music while doing homework? If you do, you will like Le Pen. With a music player planted inside, Le Pen plays music while you write on paper. The music stops when you stop writing. So if you want to enjoy more of your favourite songs, keep on writing.
One wheel
In the near future you may find a new way to escape traffic: a self-balancing skateboard called Onewheel. It can go as fast as 19 km an hour. On a single charge  , it can take you as far as 7-10 km.
The question is: In which part of a newspaper can you find this passage?
The possible answers are:
A:Culture.
B:Literature.
C:Science.
D:History.Wang Bing is a 12-year-old boy. He likes sports very much and does well in sports.
One afternoon, he comes out of the classroom and sees his father waiting for him at the school gate. He is very glad and he runs to his father. "Dad, please don't wait for me after school next time. I can go home by myself . I have grown up." says Wang Bing.
"Let's go," says the father, "I'll cook supper and you can do your homework at home: Mum is still at work."On their way home, Wang Bing sees some boys skating in a park. "Can I go and learn skating. Dad?" asks Wang Bing. "I'm sorry, my boy. You must go home and do your homework," answers his father, "but I can buy you an ice-cream." Then his father buys an ice-cream for him. When Wang Bing wants to eat it, a fly  flies to the ice-cream.
"Drive off  the fly,' says his father, "it's very dirty  ."But Wang Bing says with a smile. "You don't let me skate, but can you let him skate for a while ?"
The question is: What's the meaning of the sentence "I have grown up."?
The possible answers are:
A:.
B:.
C:.
D:.A good way to pass an exam is to work hard every day in a year. You may fail in an exam if you are lazy for most of the year and then work hard only a few days before the exam.  If you want to be good at English, you have to read stories in English, and to speak English as much as possible. A few days before the exam you should go to bed early. Do not go to bed late at night studying. Before you start answering in the exam, read carefully over the question papers, and try to understand the meaning of each question. When you have finished your exam, read over your answers. Correct the mistakes if there are any and be sure that you don't miss anything out.
A. B.C.D,. (5,2,10)
The question is: The best title for the passage is   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:An Important Exam
B:An Easy Exam
C:Get Ready For Exams
D:How to Pass an ExamWe were standing at the top of a church not far from my home. I didn't know why.
"Look down," Father said. I tried and saw the square in the center of the village. And I saw the streets to the square. "See, Elsa," Father said. "There is more than one way to the square. If you can't get where you want to go by one road, try another."
Earlier that day, I asked Mother to do something about what we had for lunch at school. But she didn't think the food was as bad as I said. When I turned to Father for help, he brought me to the church.
At school the next day, I filled a bottle with the soup for our lunch and took it home. I told the cook to pour the soup in a plate and bring it to Mother. She drank it and cried out, "What's the matter with the soup today?" I at once told her what I had done , and Mother said that she would take up the matter of lunches at school the next day .
Now I really understood why Father had taken me to the church. I began to work as a fashion designer two years ago. I wouldn't stop working until I tried every way to my goal.
The question is: Elsa really wanted her mother to.
The possible answers are:
A:cook something better for her lunch
B:have lunch with her at school
C:take up the matter over with the teachers
D:tell the cook to work harderChina is a great country with the largest population in the world.In order to solve the population problem,our governmentcarried outone-child policy  before.When it is carried out for some time,many people not only see its advantages but also disadvantages.
From 2016,two-child policy is put into effect.In my opinion,two-child policy is good.First of all,two-child policy is the gift for some only child.For some families,maybe the parents are only child and they also can have only child.Besides the loneliness of their child,when their child grows up and they grow older,their child marry an only child girl,the burden on their child and his wife is too heavy.Their child and his wife have to take care of two couples.Usually,a young couple looking after an old couple is a little difficult.But if their parents have two children,they can share the burden of taking care of their parents.It would be much better.Secondly,two-child policy can guarantee   the number of Chinese population.
All in all,one-child policy has been out of date.And two-child policy is needed and necessary.It can solve the problems of nowadays  and the future.
The question is: Which country has the largest population in the world?
The possible answers are:
A:America.
B:Britain.
C:China.
D:Japan.Kung Fu Panda is a 2008 American computer-animated action comedy movie made by DreamWorks. It was directed by John Stevenson and Mark Osborne. It tells the story about a big fat panda named Po who is a kung fu fan. The movie came out in 2008 and stars Jack Black as Po. It received critical acclaim and became a box office success. A successful sequel , Kung Fu Panda 2 was released   in 2011.
A big, fat panda named Po the panda dreams of becoming a kung fu master, but he doesn't know kung fu. One day, kung fu teacher Master Shifu holds a competition to see who will become the Dragon Warrior , the most powerful kung fu master in the land. Everyone thinks one of Shifu's students, the Furious Five  will become the Dragon Warrior, but Po is chosen instead and begins learning kung fu. Shifu and the Furious Five don't like Po the panda and try to make him quit, but he becomes friends with them. When Master Shifu learns that the evil Tai Lung the snow leopard  is coming to the land, he quickly teaches Po kung fu so he can be given the Dragon Scroll that will help him beat Tai Lung. Nothing is written on the scroll, but Po finds out that he doesn't need the scroll to be the Dragon Warrior and beats Tai Lung without it. Po becomes a kung fu master and Dragon Warrior loved by everyone and peace returns to the land.
The question is: Which of the following is WRONG?
The possible answers are:
A:Master Shifu is a kung fu teacher.
B:The Furious Five are Master Shifu's students.
C:The Furious Five become the Dragon Warrior.
D:Shifu and the Furious Five don't like Po the panda.Mobile phone has become a problem for high schools. Some high-school students in Australia are not allowed to carry mobile phones during school hours.
Mobile phone used among children has become a problem for the school. Several children have got mobile phones as Christmas presents, and more students will want them. Marry Brown, a headmaster, said that mobile phone was a distraction  to students during school hours and it also gave teachers so much trouble in their classrooms. Teachers were also saying that sometimes students might use phone messages to _ during exams. She said some schools had tried to ban  mobile phones. Some parents felt unhappy because they couldn't get in touch with their children.
Many teachers said students should not have mobile phones at school. But there was a good reason that they could leave their phones at school offices. They also said they were easily lost and were a distraction for studies.
The question is: Some high schools in Australia have stopped students from carrying phones   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:because they are students
B:when they are free
C:when they are at school
D:because they are childrenSPECIAL EVENTS!
Long March exhibit
The Shanghai History Museum is putting on an exhibition to remember the Long March . On show are more than 220 photos and 40 other things that explain with pictures how the Red Army went through all the difficulties in Jiangxi Province and fought its way to northern Shanxi province in the mid-1930s. The show will end on November 20.
Time:      10:00 am--4:00 pm.
Address:    1286 Hongqiao Road
Admission:  20 yuan each and half price for students
Thai elephants
Eight elephants from Thailand are entertaining visitors at Changfeng Park by riding bikes, playing basketball, balancing on a beam, dancing and blowing a mouth-organ. People are encouraged to have a tug-of-war  with the animals or lie on the ground and have the elephants walk over them, The elephants give three shows a day at 9:30 am,3:30 pm and 8:00 pm and there is an additional show at l:30 pm at weekends.The show will end on November 15.
Address:    189 Daduhe Road
Admission:  10 yuan
Dancing dolphins
Dolphins jumping from the water to touch a ball, swaying their bodies to music, kissing people and doing maths by tapping their tails have made the dolphinarium in Peace Park an attraction for children. Seals and sea lions also perform.
Hours:      10:30 am, 4:00 pm, and 7:30 prn
Admission:  10 on weekdays   20 yuan on weekends
The question is: At the exhibition, you will see    _
The possible answers are:
A:many articles written by famous writers.
B:260 things used by the Red Army.
C:many photos and pictures about the Long Match.
D:many books on the Long March.In the West, some people believe that personality can be predicted according to the time of the year the person was bor. From China comes the belief that the year of birth influences one's personality. In the past century, a new belief ahs arisen: the idea that personality is related to one's ABO blood type. People with blood type A, for example, are considered more likely to be serious, hard-working, and quiet, while people with blood type O are likely to be popular and outgoing, yet often unable to finish what they start. Though this belief continues to be strong, some people question whether it is true.
The blood-type personality theory  started in Japan in 1927 when Furukawa Takehi noticed personality similarities and differences among his workers. This idea soon went out of fashion, but was brought back by a Japanese television host named Toshitaka Nomi in the 1970s. The belief is still strong in Japan and is increasingly popular in neighboring countries. _ A recent study showed 76 percent of Koreans aged between13 and 64 believing in the blood-type personality connection. Though most Asians might believe in the blood-type theory, for many it seems harmless and not something to be taken too seriously.
Is the belief true? The scientists in Asia largely think the belief as a modern-day superstition . Most studies have failed to find any strong connection between blood and personality. Generally, scientists are against making predictions or important decisions based on this questionable theory.
The question is: What is the best title for the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:Is the blood-type theory changeable ?
B:Is the personality changeable?
C:Is it in your blood?
D:Is it in you mind?Making a good job choice is almost as good as choosing a good life. So, choosing a job is one of the most important decisions to make in life.
For my job, there are three important things that I will consider:
The first one - that I must work in an area I like - is most important to me. Someone once said if you find a job that you enjoy, then you won't have to work another day. I would like to work in an area where I can be more creative. I would like to be the most valuable member there. All this is possible only if I like what I do.
The second one is that the area of my work  must lead me to solve some  new  and  hard problems. I would like to stay in the same area for a long time. In order for this to happen, the work must provide enough problems. More than just working to live, I enjoy making a difference and trying my best for the whole progress. I would also like to be well _ for my hard work, so I can lead a comfortable life with this hard-won money. Then I can provide the best for my family.
The third important thing is that I would like to work in an area that would help other people. The work in my mind is in fields such as the army, training or management. In such areas, I can help to develop the abilities of others and bring out their best. It would be a most satisfying job to help young people to become the best that they can be. When I become old, I would like to look back with  a great  sense  of  satisfaction  that  thousands  of  people  have  become  better  persons through my work.
I accept the idea that no one should make a choice of a job suddenly or quickly. He should decide what he wants to be in the long run. Then, he should decide how he works towards it. He should study the proper courses, read the books and speak to knowledgeable  persons in that field before making a job choice. A good choice will most probably lead to a better life.
The question is: The writer wants to tell us that everyone should  _
The possible answers are:
A:become a knowledgeable person
B:join the army to become a better person
C:make preparations to find a satisfying job
D:help young people to choose an interesting jobThat day was a very good day. The volunteers who visited an orphanage  now became the best friends each other. The four persons were Li Hui, the reporter of Jing Newspaper, Zhao Qiang and Huang Jian, reporters of Chongqing Television Station, and me.
According to our experience of driving in the disaster area, it would be OK to drive in the morning, but the road was dangerous in the afternoon. So this morning we got off at 6:00 am. It is about 40 kilometers aim place. It would take not more than one hour normally. However, because of poor road conditions, we tried twice but failed to go through. We had to stop driving to wait for road repairing. It was very dangerous to park on the road in the mountain. To be honest, my experience in the disaster area were over load . I almost couldn't stand. But one thing had been supporting me, I had been very grateful to have such a chance to help the people of disaster area, to have such a chance to share my love.
When we took two vehicles  supplies to the orphanage, the leader of the orphanage Mr. Lang with 31 children was too excited to say anything.
,.
The question is: How did the volunteers think their work?
The possible answers are:
A:Relaxing.
B:Tired.
C:Boring.
D:Easy.Peter: Let's play computer games!
Barry: That sounds interesting, but I don't have a computer.
Peter: Well, do you have a volleyball?
Barry: Yes.
Peter: Then let's play volleyball.
Barry: Oh, volleyball is so difficult.
Peter: OK, let's watch TV.
Barry: That sounds boring. Hmmm, let's play soccer! Do you have a soccer ball?
Peter: No, I don't.
Barry: Oh, well, do you have a basketball?
Peter: Yes, I do. Let's play basketball!
Barry: That sounds fun!
The question is: Can Barry play volleyball?
The possible answers are:
A:Yes, he can.
B:No, he can't
C:Yes, he does
D:No, he doesn't.My name is Panrit. I live in Samutprakarn. It is about thirty kilometers south of Bangkok,the capital of Thailand. My house is near a museum and opposite a school.
My house has two floors,two bedrooms and two toilets. We don't have a dining room,so we eat our meals in the living room. There are four people in my family, my mum,my dad,my brother and I. My house doesn't have a garden but we have some plants in pots . We also have some small fish. My mum likes the plants very much. She usually waters and looks after them when she's at home.
I don't usually stay at home. I usually stay at my grandma's home because it is more comfortable. In her home. there is no homework. and all I have to do is to play.
The question is: Panrit's   _   looks after the plants at home.
The possible answers are:
A:father
B:brother
C:sister
D:motherEarly to bed and early to rise makes a man healthy, wealthy and wise.
This is an old English saying. It means that we should go to bed early at night and get up early in the morning. If we do, we shall be healthy. We shall also be rich and clever.
Is this true? Perhaps it is. The body must have enough sleep. Children of your age need ten hours' sleep every night. If you do not go to bed early, you can not have enough sleep. Then you can not think properly and you can not do your work properly. You will not be wise and you may not become wealthy!
Some people go to bed late at night and get up late in the morning. This is not good for them. We should sleep at night when it is dark. The dark helps us to sleep well. When the daylight comes, we should get up. This is the time for exercise. If the body is not used, it will become weak. Exercise keeps it strong.
Exercise helps the blood to move around inside the body. This is very important. Blood takes nutrition   to all parts of our bodies. The brains in our heads also need blood. We think with our brains. If we keep our bodies healthy, and take exercise, we can think better!
Our bodies also need air to breathe. Without air we will die. Get up early in the morning and we can have plenty of clean, fresh air. That will keep us healthy and happy.
The question is: The old English saying"Early to bed and early to rise makes a man healthy, wealthy and wise."mainly shows   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:what good habits are
B:what bad habits are
C:how to become healthy, rich and clever
D:it's easy for people to get up and go to bed earlyWhen you sit in the classroom, do you suddenly feel that summer flew by so quickly? I'm still thinking about taking walks in the park and meeting my friends at night. But I know that the school season is beginning. And homework, tests and routine   all come with it.
When I stay in my room and write my homework, I often look out of the window and look back at this summer.
In the past two months of summer break, I spent many evenings in my backyard. I listened to my parents telling stories about their childhood. My brother caught fireflies  . Once in a while, we made a barbecue and ate chicken and corn.
Now I'm back to school. It's difficult to find time to do everything that I want to do, like dancing, reading, and sleeping. How I hope to have another break in my studies! I could read a fun book instead of the boring ones that we have to read for English class.
Still, I should not feel sad. Summer gave me time to relax, good memories, laughter, and the experience of new friendships. But without school, I would never appreciate the happy moments in summer and the responsibilities   that I have now. What's more, there are only 10 more months to go until summer comes again. And in the meantime, I can have lots of fun with my friends as we begin our high school experience together.
The question is: The writer wrote the article to   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:tell people how he spent his summer break
B:show her sadness for the end of the summer break
C:show her resolutions for the new term
D:express that both summer break and school days should be treasuredOne little miracle   has been happening to me recently, and it gives me a special joy.
A few months ago, I was telling my daughter, Sally, some stories about my mother. Mydaughter was so young when my mother died that she doesn't remember her well. I told her allI could remember, like how wonderful my mother was and how much she meant to me.
One day, Sally was sad because her grandmother was in heaven   and she couldn't
see her. I explained that though her grandmother was dead, now she was still watching over usand could send us something to let us know she was there. She could be anywhere, even ridinginvisibly   on the back of a butterfly  . Just after I said this, a butterflyflew down right by us, and we laughed happily.
Now many people would say it was just luck that the butterfly flew down at that time. A funnything, however, has happened since then. Every time I go out in any type of weather I seebutterflies. Very often they fly right by my face to get my attention. I always say hi to Mom,send her my love, and thank God for little miracles.
Everyone is always looking for some big miracles to come out and save them when they are introuble, but they don't notice the little miracles that happen every day right in front of theireyes. I know what they really are, however. For me little miracles are the best kind. So manylittle miracles happen around me all the time that I know _ are not just luck.
,.
The question is: Which can be the BEST title for this passage?
The possible answers are:
A:Butterflies and miracles
B:Sally's grandmother
C:Miracles are nowhere
D:A funny thing happened to SallyWhat's the strongest part of your body? Your head? Bones? It's your teeth. There is a special thing called enamel in teeth. It is the hardest thing in the human body and keeps bacteria away. However, teeth are hurt easily to problems and disease. September 20 is National Teeth-loving Day in China. Let's pay attention to the health of our teeth.
Teeth problems are common around the world. Most children and young adults have tooth decay . A study which come out on China Health Monthly magazine this year showed that 40.74% of a sample of 1,306 Chinese students under age 15 has decayed teeth.
Food that is rich in sugar increases the risk of tooth decay. After you eat, bacteria go crazy over the sugar on your teeth. The bacteria turn sugar into acids that eat away at tooth enamel. This causes holes in your teeth.
Another common problem is crooked teeth . When your new teeth begin to grow and the old teeth haven't fallen out, there isn't enough space for the new ones. This causes crooked teeth.
Don't worry. Here are some ways to keep your teeth healthy.
*Brush at least twice a day in the morning and in the evening.
*Learn to use dental floss . The floss gets rid of food that's hidden where your toothbrush can't get it.
*Visit a dentist. He or she can check if you have any dental problems and help you clean your teeth.
*Pay attention to what you eat. It's better to eat lots of fruit and vegetables instead of fries and drink water instead of soda.
*Wear braces  to make your teeth straight and beautiful.
The question is: What's the strongest part in the human body according to the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:Bones.
B:Teeth.
C:Head.
D:Bactria.Balzac  was a great French writer. But he was very poor before he became famous. He lived in a dirty, wet room and was often worried about food. All his friends were very poor and they could not help him.
One night it was very cold. The wind blew and it was snowing heavily. Balzac went to bed early but couldn't fall asleep. He didn't get any food before he went to bed. He thought and thought, but he couldn't have a good idea. At midnight he saw a man climb in through the broken window. The man began to steal something on his bookshelf. Balzac got up quietly and said, "Don't waste time, my friend! I couldn't find any money in the daytime. How can you find some in the dark?"
The question is: How was the weather that night? It was   _
The possible answers are:
A:rainy
B:cloudy
C:sunny
D:snowyOn Thanksgiving Day, a teacher asked her class of firstgraders to draw a picture of something they were thankful for. She thought that these children from poor families actually had little to be thankful for. And she found most of them drawing pictures of flowers or tables with food. The teacher was very surprised to see the picture Douglas handed in. It's a hand,a simple hand.
But whose hand? The class were very interested in the strange picture. "I think it must be the hand of God that brings us food," said one child, "A farmer's," said another, "Because he grows beautiful flowers. " Finally when the others were at work ,the teacher went over to Douglas' desk and asked whose hand it was. "It's your hand, Teacher," he said quietly and shyly.
She remembered that she had often taken Douglas, a dirty lonely child, by the hand while having a class break. She often did that with the children. But it meant so much to Douglas. Perhaps this is everyone's thanksgiving,not for the material things we get,but for the chance,in whatever small way, to give to others.
The question is: why did Douglas draw a simple hand?
The possible answers are:
A:He was good at drawing it.
B:His teacher asked him to draw it.
C:He wanted to show his thanks to his teacher
D:He hoped to get his teacher's praise.Dear daughter
You are a wonderful person and your mother and I love you. It will not be long before you leave school to make your way in the world. Can I give you some friendly advice? Here are some things that you should never do.
1. Never get upset with your looks.
We think you look great. Please be happy with the person you are and the body you have. Eat well, take exercise and be healthy. Some girls become upset because they try to lose weight or get the perfect shape. You look fine.
2. Never spend money more than your income  .
Never spend money more than your income and save a little every month. Don't borrow others' money if possible.
3. Never look down on yourself.
You are great of achieving great things so believe in yourself. When things go badly, never stop believing. Some girls get upset and lose confidence, and then all kinds of problems can follow.
4. Never give less than your best.
We are very proud of what you have succeeded so far. You should be proud too. Keep doing well. Keep trying your hardest at everything you do.
5. Never forget that your parents love you.
Whatever happens in life, your family will still be your family. Whatever difficulties you have, you can always talk to us and we will try to help. We are here for you.
Love
Dad
The question is: According to the father, some girls become upset because they  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:aren't healthy enough
B:don't make enough money
C:look down on themselves
D:try to have the perfect shapeWhat is your favourite colour? Ask famous persons like Cate Blanchett,Searlett Johansson and Bono,and maybe they will say"green."That's not because these artists particularly like the colour green.Instead,they are interested in green fashion.
Green fashion is about making(and wearing)clothes that are good for humans,animals,and the Earth.In the past,green fashion made people think of hippies and ugly clothes.But today,green fashion is different.It is about looking good and caring about the Earth and other people.You can have interesting clothes and be green.
Around the world,green fashion is becoming popular.For example,the U.K.company
People Tree sells men's and women's clothing and accessories .They are made from
natural fabrics like cotton and wool.Workers who make the clothes are from countries like Nepal,Kenya,and Bangladesh.People Tree pays the men and women good money for the clothes they create.
Singer Bono and his wife also started a clothing company called EDUN.When the clothes sell,EDUN uses most of the money to help people around the world.
The question is: In the past,what did people often think of when they heard"green fashion"
The possible answers are:
A:Dangerous animals.
B:Beautiful women.
C:Colourful accessories.
D:Ugly clothes,One thing that British and Chinese cultures share is a love for tea. Today, when we think of western tea culture, we often think of the English and beautiful china tea cups.
Afternoon tea:
People believe that an English lady, Anna, first introduced the idea of afternoon tea. In the 18thand 19thcenturies, the English ate only two main meals each day, breakfast and a heavy supper that would last for several hours in the evening. As a result, people often got very hungry during the long wait between these two meals. To solve this problem, Anna came up with the clever idea of inviting some friends to join her for an afternoon meal between four and five o'clock. This meal included cakes, sandwiches, and tea was served to wash down the food. In order to make this afternoon meal important, fine china cups, plates, and silver teapots, knives, forks and spoons were used. Soon, afternoon tea parties became popular _ . Today, afternoon tea parties continue to play an important part in the social life in modern Britain.
Will you come for coffee:
Coffee also has an important role in British culture. People often use words "Will you come for coffee?" to mean "Would you like to come to my home for a chat?" Normally, several different drinks such as tea, hot chocolate or a soft drink like orange juice will be served as well as coffee, and you will be asked what you would like. However, you will not normally be offered wine at a "coffee" party.
Coffeehouses and the London Stock Exchange:
In the 17thcentury London coffeehouses were busy and noisy places. Businessmen and bankers went to coffeehouses to do their business, as well as to drink coffee. In fact, the London Stock Exchange is believed to be started from these coffeehouses.
The question is: Anna introduced the idea of drinking afternoon tea because she   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:enjoyed chatting with her friends at home
B:loved tea and beautiful china tea cups
C:wanted to share nice food with her friends
D:found people felt hungry during the long wait between the two mealsStop. Listen! What do you hear? You may hear many different sounds. Some of those sounds may be noise. Noise is a loud or unwanted sound.
Noise can be caused by many kinds of machines, such as motorcycles, jet planes and farm tractors . Rock music is also noise.
What happens to people who live near noisy machines or use them over a period of time? Doctors have found that these people have trouble in sleeping. But, most important, constant  loud noise can cause a loss of hearing.
Scientists use a unit of measure called decibel  to measure the loudness of a sound. The sound of a quiet room, for example, measures 35 decibels. Talking measures between 40 and 65 decibels. Sounds from traffic and from some rock bands can measure over 120 decibels. Noise at this high level  causes the great hearing loss.
The question is: According to the passage, loud noise can  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:help people to sleep better
B:stop machines
C:cause a loss of hearing
D:kill people1English people have three meals  a day. They are breakfast, lunch and dinner.
2They have breakfast at about 7:00 to 8:00 in the morning. They often eat or drink some fruit or juice first, and then they have some porridge ,eggs and meat. Some English people like to take sugar   in their porridge, and some like to put salt in it.
3For many people, lunch is a _ meal. Many of the office workers don't go home for lunch. They often buy a hamburger or sandwich in fast food shops. School children can have a hot meal at school, but many students only take a sandwich, a drink and some fruit from home for lunch.
4Dinner is the main meal for English people. They have dinner at about 6:00 to 8:00.Many people have dinner with their family at home. People cook it carefully, because they think dinner is very important. They have a lot of food for dinner: soup, fish, vegetables, tomatoes and bread or rice. After dinner they have some cakes, fruit or ice cream for dessert .
The question is: What's the best title   for the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:Nice Food for English people
B:English Traditional Food
C:Three Meals a Day
D:Three Meals in EnglandOnce upon a time there lived two brothers named Jacob and William in Germany. They liked to listen to old stories and then write them down. So they had enough stories to make a book. You can guess the name of the book! It is Grimms' Fairy Tales.
The story of this little book began when the brothers were still in school. And it started with a good teacher. The teacher liked to find out how things happened. Soon the two brothers were doing the same thing. They asked questions and then looked for answers.
Among the questions the brothers asked, "Who made up the old fairy tales? Who first told about Cinderella ? Why made up the story of the Snow White and the story of Sleeping Beauty?"They found that no one knew the answers to such questions. The tales were made up in very early times. Most of them were made up in the days before people knew how to write. People told the stories to one another and to their children. But only a few old people still remembered them.
"When old people die, the stories will die with them," said the brothers. "We must write down all the stories we can find."
Jacob and William hunted for stories for five years. At last they had 89 tales written. Just before Christmas in 1812, the first book was published.
People love the book! They asked more fairy tales. So Grimms put tales into two more books. In all, they collected 210 stories to put into their books.
The question is: Who wrote Grimms' Fairy Tales?
The possible answers are:
A:Jacob and his teacher.
B:William and his teacher.
C:Jacob and William.
D:Some old people.Fat and shy, Ben Saunders was the last kid in his class picked for any sports team. "Football, tennis, cricket -- anything with a round ball, I was useless," he says now with a laugh. But back then he was the one always made fun of in school gym classes in Devonshire, England.
It was a mountain bike he received for his 15thbirthday that changed him. At first he went biking alone in a nearby forest. Then he began to ride the bike along with a runner friend. Gradually, Saunders set up his mind on building up his body, increasing his speed and strength. At the age of 18, he ran his first marathon.
The following year he met John Ridgway and started to work as a teacher at Ridgway's school of adventure in Scotland, where he learnt about Ridgway's cold--waterexploits. Greatly interested, Saunders read all he could about North Pole explorers and adventures; he decided that this would be his future.
In 2001, after becoming a skillful skier, Saunders started his first long--distance expedition   towards the North Pole. It took unbelievable energy. He suffered frostbite, ran into a polar bear and pushed his body to the limit, pulling his sled up and over the rocky mountains.
Saunders has become the youngest person to ski alone to the North Pole, and he's skied more of the North Pole by himself than any other British man. His old playmates would not believe the change.
The question is: What did Saunders do in 2001?
The possible answers are:
A:He decided to build up his body.
B:He met John Ridgway in Scotland.
C:He worked as a teacher at school.
D:He took an adventure to the North Pole.Teachers Wanted
Do you like kids? We need a teacher for our son. He's six years old. We want you to work from March to November, 3 pm. to 6 pm., but you don't need to work in July and August. You can get Y= 30 an hour  . Sometimes we want you to work on weekends, and you can get Y=45 an hour.
You need to:
*Help our son with Chinese.
*Read to him.
*Play with him.
*Go to movies with him.
You need to work at my home. We live in   Taipei Road, next to the Zhongshan Bus Station .
Please call (02)2956-4938. Ask Miss Liu.
The question is: On Monday the teacher   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:can't work
B:works three hours
C:can have Y= 135
D:comes in the morningNow throwing shoes at President Bush is a popular game on the Internet. It turns out that there are times when it's good to throw shoes.
After leaving his office in the center of the city, a young man bought a new car and drove it from the city to his home. He was very happy and the car ran very fast. Suddenly, a shoe hit the car door . The man got very angry. He jumped out of the car and caught a boy who still had a shoe in his hand.
"Who are you? Why did you do that?" the young man shouted at the boy.
"I'm sorry. But I don't know what else to do. My sister has been hurt. I cried for help but nobody stopped," the boy said.
The man looked around and saw a girl by the road. Her leg was bleeding .
"She is my sister. She wanted to cross the road but fell out of her wheelchair. She is too heavy for me. I can't get her back into the _ . "The man was moved. He helped the bleeding girl back into her wheelchair.
"Thank you. You're so kind," said the little boy. Life speaks to our hearts. Sometimes we don't have time to listen and it will throw a shoe at us.
The question is: Why did the boy throw the shoe?
The possible answers are:
A:Because he liked the car.
B:Because her sister was hurt.
C:Because he was hurt.
D:Because he was naughty.Uncle Wang is fifty. He has two sons, Wang Lei and Wang Fei. They are twins. They are twenty -two. Wang Lei likes making things. He makes many different things. Today he's making a machine. He wants to ride the machine like a bike and fly it like a plane. Wang Fei doesn't like making things at all. He likes reading and watching TV very much. He plays table tennis on Saturdays and Sundays. Wang Lei and Wang Fei like playing football a lot. Uncle Wang likes his two sons very much. They love each other, too.
The question is: Wang Fei   _   on Saturdays and Sundays.
The possible answers are:
A:goes shopping
B:reads books
C:does housework
D:plays table tennisHello! My name is Kate Green. I'm a student in No. 14 High School. I have classes from Monday to Friday. I have many things to do after class. On Monday and Wednesday, I help my friends with their English. On Tuesday and Thursday, I make model planes. On Friday afternoon, I have a good rest at home and do my homework.
Now it is 8:30 in the morning. I am having a math class. I am listening to the teacher. My friends Li Lei and David are writing something. All of us are working hard.
,.
The question is: _   are writing something at 8:30.
The possible answers are:
A:Li Lei and Kate
B:Li Lei and David
C:Kate and Green
D:Kate and DavidGenerally speaking, American food is not very thick in taste. Salads are much liked and are served all year round. Many Americans are trying to keep down their weight. This is shown in menus offering "low calorie " or "weight watchers" meals. In markets, one can find "No Cal" drinks (meaning without calories) such as cola.
Many Americans drink coffee or tea with their meal. If a waiter in an American restaurant asks "Now or later?", what he means is "Do you want coffee with your meal or later?" When eating out in the USA, we can ask for tea, milk, beer, and so on, if we prefer these to coffee. American restaurants cannot serve beer, wine, or liquor unless they are licensed to do so.
The main dish in American meals is usually meat, chicken or fish, but more than one of these is hardly served at the same meal.
Most Americans eat quickly during the day--that is, breakfast and lunch--unless it is a social, business, or family situation. The evening meal, however, is usually a family time. Racing through daytime meals is part of the "American pace" of life, for working hours are considered important.
The nationwide fast-food restaurants are suitable for the ways of American eating. The standard  products, of nearly the same price, are served quickly, and taste the same whether bought in New York City or in Los Angeles.
McDonald's is a popular restaurant. It offers many choices of hamburgers, French fries and "cokes". These foods are rich in fats, sugar and salt. Often, they are the major meal of the day of many young working people.
The question is: In American restaurants, the standard foods  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:have different prices
B:taste different from place to place
C:are very expensive
D:can be served quicklyBob Harris was a weatherman at a small television station. He worked for twenty years and during those twenty years, he felt that his life was boring. Every day, he studied the weather and tried to predict the next day's weather. Then, he stood in front of the camera and read his report. Some days it was cloudy, some days it was sunny; sometimes rainy, while sometimes snowy. The weather changed each day, but Bob still felt that his job was always the same. His boss often told him to be happier and smile more in front of the camera, but Bob rarely smiled. He thought that most people did not watch his weather report and his job did not matter much to anyone. One day, he arrived at work and began to study the weather as usual. He noticed that something was different that day.
Everything he studied told him that there was going to be a very big storm very soon, though he was not completely sure. Suddenly, Bob felt excited. He ran to his boss's office and asked to do a special weather report. The boss agreed and Bob gave a special report that afternoon, warning people of the coming storm. Because of this report, many people were safe during the storm.
Bob realized  that his job was actually very important.
The question is: Why did Bob feel that his life was boring?
The possible answers are:
A:Because the weather changed each day.
B:Because he did not want to work for a small television station.
C:Because he did not like to stand in front of the camera.
D:Because he felt that his job was always the same.Many people travel to different places in the world by air. Usually it takes a long time, perhaps half a day, for passengers to stay in the plan. So airlines offer passengers food. But it is common that they feel bad about food taste. Do you agree?
To solve this problem, airlines try hard to improve their food. They would like to do so because they don't want to lose customers.
However, according to scientific research, part of the reason why plane food tastes bad is that at high altitude we can not taste things as well as we do on the ground. Also scientists have found that our noses become very dry even before a plane takes off. As the plane moves up, the change in air  pressure reduces one third of the sensibility of our taste buds . So our taste buds become senseless. The sad face, however, is that our noses don't know it.
All of these help explain why food on the plane tastes so bad. They also help explain why airlines choose to offer passengers salty and spicy food. Without doing so, the food would be tasteless.
Now there are many researches on this. According to one of them, some volunteers are asked to lie with their feet higher than their heads for weeks. And scientists write down their feelings about food taste.
Though scientists try their best, it is not as easy as they thought. Because they can't deal with the special environment successfully, such as the change in air pressure, making food taste good is still hard for them.
The question is: As the plane moves up, the change in air pressure reduces  _  of the sensibility of our taste buds.
The possible answers are:
A:half
B:one third
C:one fourth
D:one fifthIn ancient China, the State of Wu made an attack on the State of Yue. The king of Wu was badly hurt and soon died. His son Fu Chai became the new king. Fu was very sad and angry and he decided to fight back for his father's death. He trained his army strictly until it was very strong. Three years later, he led his army against the State of Yue and caught its king Gou Jian, who was taken to the State of Wu.
Gou Jian was put into a small black stone house which was full of terrible smell and was made to raise  horses. Gou worked hard and tried to keep himself quiet, but he never forgot his pain. Many years later, he was set free. Gou secretly trained his army after he went back to his own state. In order to make himself strong-minded he slept on firewood and ate a gall bladder before having dinner and going to bed every night. After a few years, his country became strong once more. Then Gou took hold of a golden chance to fight against Wu and won the war in the end.
If one voluntarily  works very hard and voluntarily stands up to pains and difficulties in order to succeed, we might call him a"Gou Jian", and his story, a"Gou Jian's story".
The question is: Three years later   _   was caught and taken to the state of Wu.
The possible answers are:
A:Gou Jian
B:Fu Chai
C:Gou Jian's father
D:Fu Chai's fatherOn a cold winter day, a fox told Mother Bear that he would teach her how to fish. For she wanted to learn, he took her to a hole in the ice, and told her to put her tail  down into the water.
He told her to keep the tail there for a long time. Then when she pulled the tail out of the water, she would find fish around the tail.
The bear was foolish enough to believe what the fox said. She sat for a long time with her tail in the water. She was waiting for the fish. But when she tried to pull her tail out of the water she found that it was frozen  in the ice.
She asked the fox to pull her out, but the fox laughed to itself and ran away. So she called Father Bear to help her.
Father Bear came. He pulled her hard and at last got her out. But a part of her tail was in the ice. That is why people find the bear's tail so short.
The question is: In the end,  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:Father Bear came, but he couldn't help her
B:the fox helped to pull her out, but a part of her tail was in the ice
C:the fox laughed to itself and ran away
D:the fox called Father Bear to help herPeople eat different things in different parts of the world.
In south China we eat rice every day. Sometimes we eat it two or three times a day, for breakfast, lunch and supp-er. We usually eat it with fish, meat and vegetables.
The Japanese eat rice, too. They also eat a lot of fish. They sometimes eat raw fish. In Africa, maize is the most important food. People there make maize into flour .From this flour they make different kinds of bread and cakes.
In western countries such as Britain, Australia and the U.S.A, the most important food is bread or potatoes. People there usually make their bread from wheat flour. They cook the potatoes in different ways. In England the most popular food is fish and chips. Sometimes people cook this food at home, but usually they buy it at the shop. They eat this food at home, in their work place, in the park or on the road. People call it "take-away" food.
The question is: People eat "take-away" food   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:at home
B:on their way to school
C:in their offices
D:A, B and CEveryone must go to bed early and get up early, or we won't be healthy and clever.Is this true? Maybe it is.The body must have enough sleep.Children of your age need ten hours'sleep every day.If you don't go to bed early, you won't have enough sleep .Then you can't think properly and can't do your work properly.You will not be clever.Some people go to bed late and get up late.This is not good for them.We must go to bed at night when it is dark.The dark helps us to sleep soundly.When the daytime comes, we must get up.This is the time for exercise.If you lack exercise, you will become weak.Exercise keeps a strong body.Exercise helps the blood flow around inside the body.This is very important.Blood takes food to all parts of our body.The brain also needs blood, we think with our blood.If we keep our body healthy and take exercise, we can think better.
The question is: Exercise   _
The possible answers are:
A:makes more blood
B:helps the blood to flow
C:makes food for our blood
D:makes our brain tiredLaboratory work is your chance to learn science firsthand. It can be fun but you must be careful to prevent injury. Listen closely when your teacher reads and explains the rules before your first lab lesson.
LABORATORYRULES
Throughout the lesson
*Do not enter the science lab without the teacher's permission.*No food or drinks are to be alowed in the science lab.
Before the Experiment
*Read al instructions carefuly before every experiment.
*Prepare al apparatus and arrange them so that you wil not knock them over while doing the experiment.
During the Experiment
*If you are unsure of how to use any apparatus or how to operate, ask your teacher for help.*Never smel or taste chemicals unless your teacher gives permission.
After the Experiment
*Wash al apparatus after use and return them to the places where they were.
*Throw waste materials in proper waste baskets.
First Aid
*Report al accidents to your teacher immediately.
*If you spil(   )any chemicals onto your body or clothing, wash with plenty of water and report to your teacher.
The question is: Before every experiment, you should   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:taste the chemicals first
B:clean al the apparatus
C:read al instructions carefuly
D:report al the accidents to the teacherCome and see the Indian elephants and the new tigers form Northeast of China. The beautiful birds from England are ready to sing songs for you, and the monkeys from Mount Emei will be happy to talk to you. The lovely dogs from Australia want to laugh at you. Sichuan pandas will play balls for you. The giraffes from Africaare waiting to look down on you. Keep the zoo clean. Do not touch, feed or go near to the animals.
The question is: What can we do in the zoo?
The possible answers are:
A:To watch the animals do all kinds of things.
B:To give the animals something to eat.
C:To touch the animals you like.
D:To go near to the animals.Hello, I'm Kate. I like different kinds of food. I like hamburgers, salad and orange juice. For breakfast, I often have some milk and hamburgers. I don't like dessert . My favorite football star, Tony Brown, eats lots of healthy food. He likes eggs and vegetables for breakfast. For lunch, he eats hamburgers, tomatoes, chicken, oranges and apple juice. For dinner, he likes meat and French fries. He doesn't have dessert. "I like football better than dessert." he says.
The question is: Kate eats   _   for breakfast.
The possible answers are:
A:milk and hamburgers
B:salad
C:vegetables
D:chickenOne day, a little boy comes into a shop and says to the shop worker, "I want to buy twelve exercise books of 6 cents each and nine pencils of 10 cents each. How much is that altogether ?"
The shop worker writes these numbers down on a piece of paper and thinks for a minute. Then she says, "1 dollars 62 cents." "If I give you ten dollars, how much money will I get back?" "You will get 8 dollars 38 cents for _ Here you are. These are the things you want."
"No, thank you. I don't want to buy anything." The boy looks at the piece of paper and says politely, "This is my math homework. Thank you. Can I take it away?"
The question is: At last the shop worker will feel   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:bored
B:happy
C:afraid
D:angryThe train started moving. There were many people of all ages. Most of them were working men and women and young college boys and girls. Near the window sat an old man with his son, who looked about thirty years old.
As the train moved, the son was filled with joy  because he was very excited at the scenery outside. He said in a high voice, "See, Dad, the green trees and the scenery are very beautiful!" It made the other people feel very strange. Everyone started talking in a low voice about the old man's son. A few minutes later it started raining. Raindrops fell on the travelers through the opened window. Seeing the rain, the old man's son said happily, "See ,Dad, how beautiful the rain is!" Hearing these words, a young lady became angry with the man, as the raindrops were dropping on her new clothes. She shouted at the noisy son and his father. "Can't you see it is raining? You! Old man! If your son is not feeling well, get him to a mental  hospital quickly and please don't disturb us any more!" The old man's face turned red and then he answered in a low voice, "We are on the way back from hospital. He couldn't see anything at birth. Only last week he could see again. The rain and the nature are new to him. Please _ him." All the other people became quiet.
The question is: How old was the old man's son?
The possible answers are:
A:About 7 years old.
B:About 20 years old.
C:About 50 years old.
D:About 30 years old.Asia is home to more than half of the world's population and three of the four most crowded countries are in Asia. China, India, and Indonesia alone have more than 2.5 billion people.
Until recently, most Asian nations fell behind the western countries in many fields. Government reform , however, has led to important progress in each of these Asian countries. Across the area, education systems have been improved and economies  have been growing. Most Asian countries now have a system of compulsory  education. Many countries have recently allowed private universities to be built, which was not allowed before. There are more chances for students to go to university now.
However, in Asia, there are still not enough chances for students to get higher education and many people prefer to go abroad for further study. As a result, India, China, South Korea, Japan and other Asian countries send thousands of students to study in the United States and Europe each year.
Part of the people in Asian countries can speak English, and English has become the most important language for business across the area. The percentage  is the largest in Japan, Singapore, the Philippines, SriLanka and South Korea. Many people in China, India and Malaysia can also speak English. Some countries have made English part of the primary and secondary education program. In some countries, children begin to study English even at the age of 4 or 5.
The question is: Most Asian countries   _   the western countries in many fields.
The possible answers are:
A:are better than
B:are more powerful than
C:get greater progress than.
D:are not as good asTears filled my eyes when I stood in our room. I was washing new jeans and a shirt of my 16-year- old stepson , Brett. He drank a lot last night. The clothing was already dirty.
I was very tired. The clothes were just one thing. He had already kicked a large hole in his bedroom wall. Many windows were broken because of his breaking in to steal money. Brett came to live with us when he was 12 years old. During those four years I had dealt with Brett as patiently as possible, but inside I was feeling sad. Later, I cheered up again and continued parenting Brett. Still, Brett did not change his behavior.
When Brett was nearly 18, my husband and I decided to send Brett to a boarding school that had very good result with troubled teenagers.
At the graduation ceremony the graduates stood one by one to thank those who had helped them. Each graduate held a rose to give to the person who had meant the most to him or her.
Brett spoke lovingly to me, "You did so much. You were always there, no matter what
happened.You always showed me such love. And I want you to know that I love you for "it".
Surprised, I stood as Brett placed the white rose in my hand and hugged me hard. At that moment I realized the truth-although I had been angry in my heart toward my stepson, Brett had seen only my actions.
The question is: Which of the following statements is TRUE?
The possible answers are:
A:The writer didn't treat her stepson patiently during those four years.
B:The writer stopped parenting Brett when he caused so much trouble.
C:Brett changed a lot after he went to a boarding school.
D:Brett came to live with the writer when he was 18.Learning a foreign language is difficult for many learners. The following tips may help you learn a foreign language quickly.
Reading aloud
When you start learning a foreign language, you should read aloud. Reading aloud instead of reading lowly only to yourself helps you in remembering. It helps with pronunciation, too.
Building your vocabulary
You'll have to make a few word lists, you have to memorize and review them regularly. You may review the word lists at least once a day for two weeks.
Learning grammar
Learning the grammar of a foreign language is a dry and boring task. But it can speed your language learning. Don't jump to learn tenses , it's better to be done after you've learned some of the language. The most important thing is that you shouldn't worry about the mistakes you'll make when you start. If you do like this, you'll learn the language better.
Watching TV and movies
This is a wonderful way to learn a foreign language quickly. You can watch TV shows in the language you are learning. They'll help you a great deal with the vocabulary as well as catching what others say and also your pronunciation.
,,(5)
The question is: Which of the following is important in building one's vocabulary of a foreign language?
The possible answers are:
A:Writing the words again and again.
B:Listening to tapes in the language.
C:Reviewing words from time to time
D:Reading more articles in the language.One Friday Mrs. King asked her class to write a story after class. "Use your imagination!" she cried, "You can write your story about anything." Kenny looked worried. "A story?" he thought, "What could I possible have to write about? I don't know any stories." The bell rang and all the kids went home.
The next day, Kenny sat at his desk at home, thinking and thinking. The warm sun was shining through the windows, making him _ And soon he fell fast asleep. As he slept, Kenny began to dream about fantastic things.
First he dreamed that he was a world-famous doctor, saving whole cities and curing diseases. Then he dreamed that he was in a UFO. He was talking to strange but friendly space creatures. Then he dreamed that he had become as small as a mouse by a bad scientist. He had to find a way to stop the plot of the mad scientist!
Kenny dreamed wonderful and exciting things until his little brother woke him up. "What were you dreaming about?" he asked. Kenny told his brother the wonderful dreams. His brother enjoyed the stories. Suddenly, Kenny knew that he had his kinds of stories in his imagination.
The question is: The best title for this passage is   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:A strange dream
B:Mrs. King's class
C:Writing a story with imagination
D:An evil scientistBetty and I are best friends.Our birthdays are on the same day,so every year we have a birthday party together.But this year,we had a costume party instead.
While we were writing the invitation,my mum came in and asked."Why not invite John?"John had been in our class for only a few months,but he was always getting better grades in math than anyone else in class.I wrinkled my nose and said,"Mum,he wears the same pants to school every day.How can he even afford a costume?"Mum said nothing.The next day,mum gave me an envelope with a shopping certificate in it."I thought it would be nice of you
to give this to John,"Mum said.But how?We didn't want to make John embarrassed.We discussed it for a long time.Finally,Betty and I had a good idea.
On the day of our party,kids arrived,dressed differently.John arrived,in an old sheet ,but still in the same brown pants as usual.We danced,ate snacks and played games in groups.Before eating the birthday cake,Betty said in a loud voice,"Now it's time for the great prize game.It's the following riddle..."It was a math game.None of us was surprised when John came up with the right answer first and walked off with the envelope.
Everything went on well as we planned.John wore a new pair of pants and a new shirt the next week.He felt happy.So did we.
When we helped others,we need to find a proper way,or we may hurt them in another way.
The question is: John  _  with the shopping certificate after the party.
The possible answers are:
A:watched a basketball match
B:saw a movie
C:bought something to wear
D:made a phone callHello, I'm Jack. Please look at the picture of my classroom. On the front wall, there is a blackboard.It's very big. In front of the blackboard, there is a yellow desk. It's for our teachers. There is a computer on it. On the right wall there is a map of China. On the black (  ) wall of our classroom is a blackboard. We can write and draw on it. There are forty students in my class. Everyone has a desk and a chair.
In my classroom, my desk is next to Li Fang's desk. She is on my left . And Tim is on my right. In front of me is John . Who is behind me ? It's a girl, Amy. They are my good friends.
The question is: How many blackboards are there in the classroom ?
The possible answers are:
A:One
B:Two
C:Three
D:FourA man called his son in New York the day before Christmas and said,  "I have to tell you your Mom and I are going to divorce  ! Thirty years is quite a long time."
"Dad, what are you talking about?" the son cried.
The father said:"We are sick of each other. I don't want to talk about it anymore. You call your sister in Chicago and tell her about the news."
When the daughter got the news, she is very surprised at it.
"What? They are getting divorced." She shouted, "I'll stop them." She called her father immediately, and cried to her father," Don't do anything until I get home. I'm calling my brother back, and we'll both be there tomorrow. Wait for us, please."
The old man hung up his phone and turned to his wife. "OK" he said, "they're coming for Christmas and paying their own way."
The question is: Who called the father in this story?
The possible answers are:
A:The sick man
B:The wife
C:The son
D:The daughterThe day is like any other day in his life. Tom walks past the shop on the street corner. He stops to look at the front row of shoes, and he feels happy to see that the pair of shoes he wants very much is still there. Looking down at his old shoes, he feels sorry for himself. He really wants to have them for his birthday.
He sadly walks away and thinks how to tell his mother about it. He knows very well she has little money. He decides not to go home at once , as he looks sad and his mother will notice  it. So he goes to the park and sits on the grass. There he sees a boy moving a wheelchair with his hands . Tom looks at him and is surprised to see that the boy has no feet. He looks at his own feet. "It's much better to be without shoes than without feet", he thinks. There is no reason or him to feel so sorry and sad. He goes away and smiles, thinking he is happier.
The question is: Tom stops in front of the shop because he wants to   _   .
The possible answers are:
A:buy the shoes
B:look at the shoes he liked
C:buy a present for his friend
D:get something for his birthday partySome people think only school children do not agree with their parents,however,it is not true.
Communication is a problem for parents and children of all ages.If it's hard for you to communicate with your parents,don't worry about it.Here are some advice for you to bridge the generation gap .
Don't argue with your parents.Don't get to your parents when you are angry.Your parents probably won't consider your ideas if you are shouting at them. And you can't express yourself well if you are angry. Go someplace to _ . Make sure you understand why you are unhappy. Then think about what you want to say to your parents. If you don't think you can speak to them at the moment, try writing a letter.
Try to reach a compromise . Perhaps you and your parents disagree on something. You can keep your disagreement and try your best to accept each other. Michael's mother didn't agree with him about buying a motorcycle. They argued over it. But they finally came to a compromise. Michael bought the motorcycle, but only drove it on certain days.
Of course, your parents might refuse to compromise on something. In these situations, it is especially important to show love and respect  to them. Showing respect will keep your relationship strong.
Talk about your values. The values of your parents are probably different from those of your own. Tell your parents what you care about, and why. Understanding your values might help them see your purposes in life.
A good relationship with your parents can make you a better and happier person.
The question is: From the passage we learn that   _
The possible answers are:
A:parents and children should not have a generation gap
B:parents should show love and respect to their children
C:there are some good ways to bridge the generation gap
D:there are so many serious problems in families todayPeople are busy working every day, so they do not have enough time to do exercise. As a result, many people become too fat or too thin. To keep our bodies healthy, we have to do exercise every day.
There are many kinds of exercises. Bending   and stretching   helps us move easily. Before we play ball games or swim, it is better for us to do bending and stretching exercises first. This kind of exercise is something called warm-up exercise.
Running is also a good exercise.  If we cannot run fast, we can jog. Jogging means running slowly Again, before we run or jog, we must do warm-up exercise. Also, we should not run or jog in busy streets. The air there is often dirty. Some people like weight lifting because it can make their bodies strong. Also, we need to do warm-up exercise before weight lifting.
The question is: Before we   _   , we must do warm-up exercise.
The possible answers are:
A:run
B:jog
C:work
D:run or jogAnn is my classmate. She comes from New York, and she lives in Shanghai with her parents now. Every morning, she goes to KFC to have breakfast. Sometimes she buys a hamburger for me. She can't speak Chinese well. In the evening, her father often helps her with it. He's a teacher in our school. He can speak Chinese very well.
Ann thinks the school life in China is very interesting. Ann likes reading Chinese books because she wants to know more about China. She tries to talk with her Chinese friends in Chinese. She hopes to speak Chinese well. She is very happy to live in China. She loves people here.
The question is: Ann is in  _  now.
The possible answers are:
A:Beijing
B:Shanghai
C:New York
D:Hong KongTeenagers are going to have lessons on how to sleep. Materials to teach teenagers how to get enough sleep will be offered to schools across Scotland by the charity Sleep Scotland. The purpose is to help people realize the importance of sleep for young people's physical and emotional health .
The charity Sleep Scotland said watching TV and using computers and mobile phones at night could stop teenagers from getting the nine hours of sleep they need. _ also offers a sleep advising service, saying getting enough sleep can improve grades and physical health. However, less sleep can result in being heavy and a greater risk of feeling worried and hopeless.
The charity Sleep Scotland hopes to educate young people about why they need a full night's sleep and how to develop good sleeping habits. Most students find it very difficult to get up in the morning and pay attention to their study. Sleep is most surely a problem.
Research shows that sleep time for teenagers around the world has got down in the past 10 to 20 years. A report by the charity Sleep Scotland said young people often believed they could make up for  sleep time during the week by sleeping late at weekends. However, by going to bed even later at weekends, they would actually have to experience a change in their body clocks, which would be harmful to their study on Monday mornings.
The question is: The passage can be usually read in the part of   _   in a newspaper.
The possible answers are:
A:culture
B:health
C:sports
D:businessWinter is dangerous because it's so difficult to know what is going to happen and accidents take place so easily. Fog can be waiting to meet you over the top of a hill. Ice might be hiding under the melting snow, waiting ahead to send you off the road. The car coming to you may suddenly slip across the road.
Rule Number One for driving on icy roads is to drive smoothly . Sudden movements can make a car very difficult to control. So every time you either start or stop your car, increase or reduce your speed, you must be as gentle and slow as possible. Suppose you are driving with a full cup of hot coffee on the seat next to you. Drive so that you wouldn't spill  it.
Rule Number Two is to pay attention to what might happen. The more ice there is, the further down the road you have to look. Test how long it takes to gently stop your car. Remember that you may be driving more quickly than you think. Generally, allow twice of your usual stopping distance when the road is wet, three times this distance on snow, and even more on ice. Try to stay in control of your car at all times and you will not get into trouble.
The question is: Which of the following is NOT TRUE?  _
The possible answers are:
A:Traffic accidents take place easily in winter.
B:Fog and melting snow often cause car accidents.
C:The stopping distance on ice is as long as the usual one.
D:In winter you should drive your car with great care.Halloween is a festival on October 31st.The name of the holiday means --"hallowed" because it comes the day before All Saints Day.
Before the festival, people paint homes, shops and classrooms in the traditional Halloween colours, orange and black. Some people make costumes at home. Some people buy them in shops. People also make decorations for the festival. These decorations look like witches, black cats, ghosts, skeletons and jack-o-lanterns. Jack-o- lanterns are pumpkins that are cut to look like faces.
People think that Halloween is the children's New Year's Eve. On that day children dress up in special costumes and masks. They eat too much, and go to bed very late after celebrating. They go from one door to another saying "trick or treat". People give them candies,cookies,fruit or money.
Adults and older children also celebrate Halloween with parades  ,festivals and costumes parties. One kind of the parties welcomed by children is dunking for apples. Apples are put in tubs  full of water. People try to get the apples using only their mouths; they cannot use their hands.
The question is: Which is NOT right about common  costumes according to the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:They are colorful.
B:They are witches,ghosts,skeletons, and popular TV characters,and so on.
C:Some of the costumes are made at home.
D:All of the costumes are bought in shops.The Chinese boy is Li Lei. He's thirteen. He's in No.3 Middle School. He's in Class Two, Grade One. His good friend is Jack. He's English. He's in Li Lei's school. He's in Class One, Grade Two. Mrs. Read is an English teacher in their school. She is an English woman and she teaches Grade 3. Jack and Li Lei have a secret . Jack is their English teacher's son.
The question is: Are Jack and Li Lei good friends?
The possible answers are:
A:Yes, they are.
B:No, they aren't.
C:We don't know.
D:Yes , they're.One day, a farmer was walking along a road with his son Thomas. The father said, "Look! There's a horseshoe, pick it up and put it in your bag." Thomas said, "It isn't worth the trouble." His father said nothing but he picked it up himself. When they got to a nearby town, they had a rest. There the farmer sold the horseshoe and with the few pennies he bought some cherries .
The father and the son continued their way. The sun was well up in the sky, and there wasn't a house or even a tree where they could have a rest. Thomas felt too thirsty to walk on. At this time, his father dropped a cherry on the ground and Thomas picked it up quickly and ate it. After a while, his father dropped another cherry and once again, his son lost no time in picking it up and putting it in his mouth.
And so they went on. The old farmer dropped the cherries and the son picked them up. When Thomas had eaten up all the cherries, his father said to him, "My dear son, if you had bent  down early to pick up that horseshoe, it would not have been necessary for you to bend so many times for the cherries. Always remember the lesson that he who does not worry about the little things will find that he cannot do the great things."
The question is: From the story, we can learn that   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:cherries are so delicious that most of us like to eat them
B:a horseshoe is so expensive that it can bring us a lot of money
C:if we want to eat cherries, we must pick up a horseshoe
D:if we don't worry about the little things we cannot do the great thingsIt's so beautiful outside that spending the day in the office would be very boring. So why not take the vacations off? A new survey found that 31%of U.S workers don't always take all of their vacation days. Americans have 12 vacation days on average each year, but they give back an average of 3 vacation days each year.
So why don't they use up their vacation days? Some say they would rather get money back for their unused days; some busy workers say they just can't leave their work. Americans have fewer vacation days than workers in any other country surveyed.
The French take their vacations seriously. French workers get an average of 39 vacation days, and 40% plan to take at least one there-to-four-week vacation.
Workers in Sweden receive an average of 25 vacation days a year, but they can't find time to use them all. More workers there return vacation days than any other country surveyed.
British workers have the longest working week in Europe ,with 23 vacation days --the shortest vacation. So they feel overworked.75% say their weekends or vacations are too short and 40% would _ a day's pay for one more vacation day.
The question is: Which country has the most workers working during the vacation days?
The possible answers are:
A:America.
B:France.
C:Sweden.
D:Great Britain.In today's class, I will teach you how to send birthday e-cards to friends anywhere in the world without leaving our classroom.I'll show it to you on 123 Greetings, which is one of the most popular free-card websites.
Step 1  Connect your computer to the Internet and go to 123 Greetings.Click "Happy Birthday".You will see hundreds of e-cards.Choose the card you'd like to send.
Step 2  Design your e-card.After clicking the card you want, you'll see the "Design" menu.In it you can find many things you can change to suit your taste, such as the colors and music.
Step 3  Add your message in the message box.The message box provides space for you to type a message.Think of something special and type the message into the box.
Step 4  Enter your e-mail address.Then enter the e-mail address of the recipient.Choose whether you want to be notified   when your birthday e-card has been read.You can also choose whether to send the card immediately or at a later time.
The question is: The writer is most probable a   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:scientist
B:teacher
C:doctor
D:farmerPingyao is one of China's three protected ancient cities (the other two are Xi'an and Jingzhou). Lying in the middle of Shanxi Province, 90 kilometers south of Taiyuan, Pingyao ancient city used to be about two hours' drive from the capital of Shanxi Province, but now the distance is only one hour and ten minutes' drive after the highway was built. With a history of over 2,700 years, the ancient city stands out as one of the best protected of all the walled cities in China.
On December 3rd, 1997, UNESCO   added Pingyao to the World Heritage   List as a world's culture heritage. According to the UNESCO World Heritage Commission ,the Pingyao ancient city is a wonderful example of the Chinese Han cities during the Ming and Qing dynasties. All the features of the Pingyao ancient city have been protected, and it shows an outstanding Chinese historical development including its culture, society, economy and religion .
,A, B, C, D,. (10)
The question is: If you go there some day, you shouldn't   _   .
The possible answers are:
A:carve your name on the wall
B:draw a picture on the wall
C:litter everywhere
D:destroy the cityA teenage boy couldn't stand his parents' family rules, so he left home. He wanted to be famous, but he had poor education and several years later, he had to ask for food on the street for a living. Now his mother has died. His father is an old man. But he is still looking for his son. He has been to every corner of the city. Everywhere he goes, he puts up a big photo of himself on the wall. At the lower part of the photo he writes, "I still love you... ,  come back home !"
One day, the son saw one of the photos. The face was familiar . "Is that my father?" He moved closer and read the words: "I still love you..." He cried. When he got home, it was early morning. He knocked at the door. The door opened itself. He rushed to his father's bedroom. His father was sleeping. He woke his father up, "It's me! Your son is back home!" The father and the son held each other, full of happy tears. The son asked, "Why is the door not locked? A thief could get in." The father answered softly, "The door has never been locked since you left."The door of parents' love for their children will never be closed.
The question is: What does the writer want to tell us?
The possible answers are:
A:Parents should not go on about their children.
B:The door of parents' love for their children will never be closed.
C:Not everyone can be famous.
D:Poor education may stop you achieving your dream.One day, a poor boy was trying to sell things from door to door to pay for school. He was hungry. Then he decided to ask for a meal at the next house. However, when a nice young woman opened the door, he changed to ask for a drink of water. She thought he looked hungry and brought him a large glass of milk. He drank it slowly and then asked, "How much do I pay?" "You needn't do that," she said. "Mother has taught me to be kind."
Years later, the young woman became seriously ill. She was sent to a big city. When Dr.Howard Kelly, a very famous doctor now, heard the name of the town she came from, a strange light filled his eyes. At once, he got up and went down through the hospital hall into her room. He recognized her at once and decided to do his best to save her life. He did it and they won at last!
Before she left, the bill   was sent to her. She was quite afraid to open it. Finally, she looked, and to her surprise, she found these words on the bill: "Paid with a glass of milk.Dr. Howard Kelly."
Tears of joy came down from her eyes as she said silently, "Thank you, God. Your love has passed through hearts and hands."
,,. (5,2,10)
The question is: Why did the doctor go into the woman's room?
The possible answers are:
A:To give her some money.
B:To make sure who she was.
C:To send some medicine to her.
D:To ask somebody else for help.Hangzhou, capital of Zhejiang Province, China, was chosen to be the host city of the 19th Asian Games . However, some people say that the 19th Asian Games will be held in 2022, while some say 2023. Which is true?
To make it clear, we need to have a better understanding of Asian Games first.
The Asian Games is a multi-sport event. It is held every four years among athletes from all over Asia. It is the second largest multi-sport event after the Olympic Games.
The Asian Games are always held at the same year as the World Cup, which is also held every four years. Many people around the world pay more attention to the World Cup. This really makes the Olympic Council of Asia(OCA) worried. So, the OCA decides to _ the 18th Asian Games for a year. That is in 2019. In this way, the Asian Games won't be held in the same year as the World Cup. So Hangzhou will hold the event in 2023.
Hanoi , capital of Vietnam , is the host city of the 18th Asian Games. However, Vietnamese government announced in 2014 that Hanoi gave up the right to host the Asian Games because they don't have enough money.
Luckily, Djakarta , capital of Indonesia , was willing to be the host city instead of Hanoi. But then came another problem. Djakarta will hold presidential election  in 2019, so the government wanted to change the holding time of the Asian Games back to 2018. The OCA agreed.
The question is: The 19th Asian Games is to be held in Hangzhou, capital of Zhejiang in  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:2023
B:2022
C:2019
D:2018People often complain they face too many problems. Every day and everywhere there are problems. Many times we find it hard to stay happy. When one problem is solved, another one comes up.
People have money problems, work problems, family problems, health problems..... the list goes on. And we usually think that people who are happy and successful are having fewer problems than us. Look at the successful people we often mention. They have money they need, they have jobs they love, they have good friends, they have obedient  kids, they have the successful business, they have loving families etc. Everything goes well with them. That is why they are happy and successful. But in fact, the more successful you are, the more problems you have to face. More success means more challenges they have to face, and more success means more risks they have to take.
Young and old, rich and poor, successful and unsuccessful, educated and uneducated, all have problems. The difference is that their problems are different from each other.  Rich and successful have big problems. Poor and unsuccessful have small problems. Still they all have problems which they can face. Successful people are successful just because they are ready to face challenges larger than ordinary people.
Winning the US elections  makes Obama very happy. As a new US president, he has to face bigger challenges. He has to be more careful about his work he does, or he will lose his position . Looking at him, we may say he is lucky, happy and successful. But, I think, as the US president, he has more pressure than an ordinary person.
The question is: From this article we know that President Obama   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:has fewer problems
B:was born in a rich family
C:takes more risks
D:is a successful businessmanWhen two English people meet,their first words will be"How do you do?"or"How are you?"After the reply"How do you do?"or"Fine,thank you.How are you?"they often talk about the weather.The reason for this is not simply that their weather is interesting and changeable but that the English people don't like talking about personal matters with people who are not friends.Talking about the weather can be a useful way of starting a conversation with a stranger in public.
The question is: From the article,you know that the English people talk about the weather to  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:finish a conversation with a friend
B:start a conversation with a stranger
C:say goodbye to a stranger
D:study the weatherDavid Moore taught science at the City School. He needed some expensive books, and so he bought them. He put the books in his car in a quiet street. Then he went to other shops to buy something else. At six he came back to the car. One door was open - and the books were not there! David drove home to Fry Road.
On Friday people read this in the newspaper:
Books: Have you any old books? I buy old and modern books.
Open all day on Saturdays. David Moore, 26 Fry Road.
David stayed at home on Saturday. The first man came at eight. David took him to the kitchen. At half past nine another man arrived. He had a bag under his arm.
"Mr Moore?" the man asked.
"That's right," David said. "Can I help you?"
"I've got some good books. You buy books, don't you?"
"Yes. Bring them in. Let me have a look."
Soon the books were on the dining-table. "Come in now," David called, "and bring the list."
A policeman came into the dining-room. He read the names on the books and the names on the list in his hand. They were the same.
"Come with me, sir," the policeman said to the man.
The question is: Mr Moore lived   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:at No. 26 Fry Road
B:in a quiet street
C:close to the police station
D:at the City SchoolMy name is Bill. I'm an American boy. I'm twelve. I'm a student in a middle school. I'm in Class1, Grade 7. Li Lei is my friend. We're in different classes. He is eleven. Here is a photo of his family. Let's look at it. His father, the one behind the tree, is a policeman. His mother, the one on the bike, is a Chinese teacher.  He has two sisters. They are twins. They have a cat. Its name is Mimi. Look! It's on the floor under the table. The twins are middle school students, too. They look after  me at school. We are good friends.
The question is: Li Lei is   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:twelve
B:ten
C:eleven
D:twoLooking for a new way to raise money for charity  ? Has your school run out of clever and fun ideas? Don't give up. There are several ways to support your favorite charity.
How about organizing a car wash? Everybody who has a car sooner or later washes it or has it washed. So why don't you and your classmates do the job? The money the car owners pay for having their cars washed will go towards your charity. When we did it, we had an amazing time! At first, some of us were worried about getting wet or dirty and it's true. But we also had fun, and at the end of the day it was really worth it!
On the other hand, if you don't feel like getting wet or messy, but have some musical talent, how about organizing a street concert? Street musicians can make a lot of money, and so can you if you've got the talent and courage it takes to play in front of _ . You just need to find a suitable place, practice for a few hours with your friends first, and give it a try!
I hope the above ideas have helped you a bit, and if you've got any other great suggestions, we would love to hear them and practice them, too. Good luck!
The question is: What might be the best title for this passage?
The possible answers are:
A:How to Wash a Car
B:How to Organize a Street Concert
C:Ways to Raise Money for Charity
D:Ways to Make Money after SchoolBuilding up a close relationship with friends in important in all cultures . But different cultures have different ways of socializing .
The Chinese love going to restaurants . Family , friends and co - workers all go out to eat as a way of relaxing . That is why there are so many drunken drivers in China , who could face criminal punishment .
Although British people socialize by going out for dinner , most people meet in pubs . They go there in the evening and sometimes during the day . Most people order wine or beer . Going out for a drink with friends or workmates after work is particulary important British tradition .
But for the French , the place to socialize is in cafes . _ are a central part of daily life in France and its culture . People will go to cafes at all times during the day . In the morning , people may go there to buy a newspaper and a cup of coffee . At lunch they may go there for something to eat . Then when it's evening they may return to enjoy a glass of wine .
In the US , dinner parties are a common way for friends to spend their time together . One person will host a party by cooking a large meal for a group and the guests will bring drinks or small dishes like desserts .
The question is: When it is 7:00 pm , what may the French do ?
The possible answers are:
A:They may go to cafes to buy a newspaper and a cup of coffee .
B:They may host a party by cooking a large meal for a group at home .
C:They may go to cafes for something to eat .
D:They may go to cafes to enjoy a glass of wine .Dadi Computer Company
LiuYing
Manager
45Nantou,Shenzhen 518000
Tel:0755-6561382
E-mail:ly@hot mail.com
Fax:0755-6660388
Chaoyang Foreign Language School
Chen Lijun
Music Teacher
65 Xigang,Dalian 116000
Tel:0411-4313861
E-mail:Chenlj@shoul.com
Fax:0411-4312789
Dongfang Children's hospital
Zhang Jing
Doctor
23 Taiping Road,Qingdao,Shandong 266000
E-mail:zhing@yahoo.com
Fax:0532-4313861
New Century Bus Company
SongWei
Baiwanzhuang,Beijing,China 100037
Tel:010-88488970 13501368855(mobile)
BP:63987120-30926
The question is: Mr Green's son is ill and feels terrible.He can go to    _   .
The possible answers are:
A:Liu Ying
B:Chen Lijun
C:Song Wei
D:Zhang JingJack is a twelve-year-old boy. One day, he was playing football. The ball went into the street and Jack ran for it. Unfortunately, a car hit him. Jack's parents took him to the hospital at once. Jack woke up after a month. When he woke up, he asked, "Who am I? Who are you? Why am I here?" He even didn't know his parents. The doctor said, "Jack's head was badly hurt. Maybe he can remember all the things he has lost one day. Maybe he will forget them forever." Every day Jack's parents told Jack something about himself, his friends and so on. But Jack still couldn't think of anything. One day, when his father talked about his dog, Tidy, Jack seemed to think of something. Then Jack's father had an idea. He took Jack back home. Jack and Tidy played together happily. After a year, with the help of Tidy, Jack's memory came back.
The question is: What was Jack's problem?
The possible answers are:
A:He couldn't get to sleep.
B:He couldn't wake up.
C:He lost his memory.
D:He couldn't move.Healthy eating starts with learning new ways to eat,such as adding more fresh fruit and vegetables,and _ foods that have lots of fat, salt and sugar. Healthy eating will help you feel your best and give you plenty of energy.It can help you deal with stress better.
However,healthy eating isn't a diet . If you eat too little when you diet, you may eat more after you stop dieting. Eating a healthy, balanced diet is very satisfying. And if you match that with more exercise, you may be able to have a healthier weight.
What can you do to make healthy eating habit?
First, think about your reasons for heathier eating. Do you want to improve your health?Do you want to feel better?
Next, think about small changes that you can make. Then set some goals and go for them.
Set an easy goal you can reach.,like having a piece of fruit each day.
Set a long-term goal too, such as having one meal not including meat or fish every week.What's more, having help from others is important . After you get more help, it'll be easier for you to make changes. Have family and friends help you make meals and give you  useful advice on healthy cooking .
If you need more help, talk to your doctor or look online for groups that care about healthy eating and tell success stories .
The question is: The writer mentions people can get help from the following EXCEPT
The possible answers are:
A:friends
B:TV programs
C:doctors
D:the InternetCan you imagine that someone could cure all the diseases in the world? It seems like an impossible job, But Priscilla Chan wants to make it come true.
Chan, 31, is from the United States. Many people may know her as a wife of Mark Zuckerberg , the founder of Facebook. But Chan herself has done a lot to help people.
Chan and Zuckerberg said in September that they would give out $3 billion , that's about Y=20 billion in the next 10 years to help deal with all of the world's diseases. As a doctor for children, Chan was a big driver in this decision. "By investing  in science today, we hope to build a future in which all of our children can live long and meaningful lives," she said.
She cares about not only children's health but also their education. Before becoming a doctor, Chan taught science to the 4th and 5th graders at a school in California for a year. That year she started a project called The Primary School. It provides education for children from kindergarten to the 12th grade.
Chan herself knows how important education is to a child. She has a Chinese father and a Vietnamese mother. Her parents didn't come to the US with much. But they worked hard to make sure Chan and their other two daughters had the best opportunities  possible. Chan went to Harvard University in 2003 and now works as a doctor.
"I realized that I was so lucky to be what I was," said Chan. "It drives me to make sure others, no matter what background they have, can have their opportunities, to reach their dreams and their full potential ."
The question is: How much money will Chan and Zuckerburg give out in the next 10 years?
The possible answers are:
A:3 billion yuan
B:3 billion dollars
C:20 billion dollars
D:10 billion yuanMost humans expect to receive fair treatment. A recent study shows that monkeys may feel the same way. This is the first time scientists have seen this kind of behavior in animals.
Scientists chose monkeys for the research because monkeys have close relationship with each other and they also have good teamwork.
Sarah Brosnan, the leader of the research, put female monkeys in pairs. The researchers trained the monkeys to exchange a small rock with them. "That may sound simple, but not very many animals are willing to give things away." Says Brosnan. When a monkey exchanged a rock with the researcher within 60 seconds, she received a reward. Usually, the reward was a piece of cucumber.
The partner of each monkey who made an exchange also received a reward. Sometimes the partner got the same reward (a piece of cucumber), but other times the partner received a better reward (a grape). The researchers were surprised at how the monkey _ to the unfair treatment. When a monkey saw her partner get better treatment, she was unhappy. The monkeys did not want to continue the test or eat the cucumbers they received. Some monkeys even threw their food at the researchers.
Bronson's research suggests that monkeys do not like unfair treatment. However, as Brosnan explains, "We don't know how monkeys learn to dislike being treated unfairly. But that opens up a whole new research field." Scientists will continue their research.
The question is: How did the monkey feel when her partner received a better reward?
The possible answers are:
A:Happy
B:Angry
C:Anxious
D:CalmThe telephone rang when Mrs. Gates was cooking lunch. Her son Bruce went to answer the phone. His aunt said she was coming to see them with her daughter that afternoon. Mrs. Gates was happy because she hadn't seen her sister for several months. She knew the girl liked bananas very much, but she was busy in the kitchen and couldn't go to buy any for her. She gave some money to Bruce and said, "Go and buy two kilos of bananas in the shop. "
Bruce liked bananas, too. He went out happily. Half an hour later he came back with a bag in his hand. Mrs. Gates weighed the bananas and found they were half a kilo short. She took the bag to the shopkeeper and said, "I sent my little son for two kilos of bananas, but you gave him only one and a half kilos!" "Have you weighed your little son yet, madam?" asked the shopkeeper, "My scales   are all right."
The question is: Who went to answer the telephone when it rang?
The possible answers are:
A:Mrs. Gates.
B:Her sister.
C:Bruce.
D:The girl.If you think you're too shy and want to be a little brave, try the followings:
You can make it. Tell people you're shy. There's no need to hide it. When they get to know you're a shy kid, they'll understand you better. This also helps you feel more _ in talks.
Try to smile more. When you smile, people think you are friendly and easy to talk. Remember that other people have feelings, too; and most people will stay away from an angry-looking face.
Learn to be a good talker. If you find it hard to start talks, say something nice about people around you. Think about how great you feel when someone says something nice to you. Doesn't it make you want to keep talking to that person?
Get your attention elsewhere. Think more about ways to enjoy parties and games. Don't waste time, say to yourself "You did it". Keep trying and one day you'll never feel "shy" when you talk about yourself
The question is: Which of the following is TRUE according to the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:Ask yourself to smile more.
B:Never say something nice about people
C:Think less about ways to enjoy parties around you.
D:One day you'll never feel "shy" when people talk about you.All our food comes from the soil . Some of us eat meat, but animals live on plants. If there are no plants, we will have no animals and meat. So the soil is necessary for us to live.
The top of ground is usually covered with grass or other plants. Plants grow in soil, which has a dark color. This dark soil is humus. Dead leaves, dead plants and animals' waste make it, but this takes a long time. When the humus has been made, plants can grow well in it.
All soil needs food. If we don't give it any, the plants will be weak. Animals' waste is the best food for the soil, but chemical fertilizers   are also very useful. The same crop   should not be grown in the same place every year; it is better to have a different crop. A change of crop and the use of a good fertilizer will keep the land in good condition.
When the soil is dry, the wind blows it away. Sometimes heavy rain carries the humus down to a river. People should grow more and more trees and grass to stop wind from carrying the humus  away. It takes hundreds of years to make humus, and so we must save every bit of it. Without soil, where can we grow food?
The question is: From the text, we know people live on   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:animal
B:plant
C:meat
D:soilOne dollar a week
The doorway of the house where Chandler has a room. He is dressed in his best clothes, ready for
his evening out. He is going out as his friend, Jeff 'White, comes in.
WHITE    What are you doing this evening, Towers?
CHANDLER   (Smiling) Tonight I'm going to live like a man with a million dollars!
WHITE    What are you talking about? You haven't got a million dollars!
CHANDLER   How much money are you and I paid each week, Jeff?
WHITE    Eighteen dollars. Why?
CHANDLER   And how much of that eighteen dollars do you spend each week?
WHITE    All of it, of course.
CHANDLER   Well, I don't. Each week I save one dollar out of my eighteen. Then,
every ten weeks, I can buy myself an evening to remember.
WHITE    What do you do?
CHANDLER   I put on my finest clothes, go to one of the best restaurants in New York,
eat the most expensive food on the menu, drink the best wine, and then
take a taxi home!
WHITE            ( _ ) Why?
CHANDLER       Why? Because it makes me feel wonderful to sit with some of 'the richest
people in America, and to make them think that I'm rich, too.
WHITE             You're crazy!
CHANDLER        (Laughing) Perhaps I am!
Mrs Black comes in.
MRS BLACK   Ah, Mr Chandler. I wanted to see you.
CHANDLER   Good evening, Mrs Black. What a lovely evening!
MRS BLACK   Lovely evening perhaps, but you haven't paid me for your room this
month. When am I going to get the money?
CHANDLER         Soon, Mrs Black. Very soon.
Mrs Black looks at Chandler s clothes.
MRS BLACK   You can spend money on expensive clothes, but you can't pay for your
room. Is that right?
CHANDLER         (Hurrying away) Good night, Mrs Black!
The question is: This is most probably part of  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:a play
B:a novel
C:a poem
D:a speechTyler was a troublesome student. He sat in the back row. Every time I called him to answer questions, he'd reply with a flip answer. If he got it wrong, he would get very angry.
Usually kids could sit quietly in class. However, Tyler was just loud. One day, Tyler was talking while I was teaching. I said to him, "Tyler, why not join in our discussion instead of having one of your own?" He got up from his chair, pushed it over, and shouted something I can't remember. I sent him to the office and he received a week's out-of-school punishment.
The week was a wonderful time for me, but when it came to an end, I began to feel worried. So I came up with a plan. On the day of his return, I told him I wanted to start over with him. If he felt like he was going to lose control in class, he could step outside the door for a moment.
From then on, Tyler was a changed student in my classroom. In fact he was a smart child and he even stopped a fight between two students one day. And he never used the privilege to leave the class for a moment. I believe that just letting him decide for himself made all the difference.
When the year was over, he wrote me a thank-you note about how good the year had been for him. I still have it today and find it very moving to reread when I get stressed about teaching.
The question is: Tyler changed after  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:shouting at the teacher
B:losing control in class
C:having the privilege to decide for himself
D:helping the teacher manage the classAt this moment in different places of the world people are doing different things.
In Beijing it's early morning. People are sleeping.
In London people are leaving work to go home. They are waiting for buses or running for trains. Some people are driving their cars. Some are having afternoon tea at home or walking to the pubs to have a drink.
In Moscow it's evening and people are having supper at home or in restaurants. Some are going to watch a ballet . Some are drinking in the pubs.
In Los Angeles it's morning. People are working in their offices. Children are starting their lessons.
New York is midday now. People aren't working but having lunch. They are eating hamburgers or hot dogs and drinking coffee or Coke. Some people are seeing friends or shopping.
The question is: From the passage, we can see the time in New York now is    _    .
The possible answers are:
A:6:00
B:9:00
C:10:00
D:12:00Thanksgiving Day
Almost every culture in the world has held celebrations of thanks for a plentiful harvest. The American Thanksgiving holiday began as a festival of thanksgiving in the early days of the American colonies almost four hundred years ago.
In 1620, a boat filled with more than one hundred people sailed across the Atlantic Ocean to settle in the New World. Their first winter in the New World was difficult. They had arrived too late to grow any crops, and without fresh food, half the _ died from disease. The following spring Indians taught then how to grow corn, a new food for the colonists. They showed them other crops to grow in the unfamiliar soil and how to hunt and fish.
In the autumn of 1621, many crops of corn, beans and pumpkins were harvested. The colonists and much to be thankful for, so a festival was planned. They invited the local Indian chief and 90 Indians. The Indians brought deer to roast with the turkeys and other wild game offered by the colonists. To this first Thanksgiving, the Indians had even brought popcorn. In following years, many of the original colonists celebrated the autumn harvest with a festival of thanks.
Thanksgiving falls on the fourth Thursday of November, a different date every year. The Thanksgiving is a time for tradition and sharing. Even if they live far away, family members gather for a reunion at the house of an older relative. All give thanks together for the good things that they have.
The question is: When did the American Thanksgiving holiday begin?
The possible answers are:
A:Two hundred years ago
B:Four hundred years ago
C:Three hundred years ago
D:One hundred years agoFor years I went to school by bus,so I met many"familiar"strangers.We took the same bus but didn't know each other's names.I used to think it was impossible for us to be true friends.How wrong I was!Smiles from the"nameless"people have changed my thoughts.
The first time I got on the bus,I saw different faces.We met,greeted and cold faces turned into smiling faces.As days went on,we chatted like old friends.
But I felt it a pity that I was unable to set up the same friendship with a silent girl in the front of the bus.Her old clothing suggested that she didn't have much money,but she always took a cup of water for the driver.I guessed she was a kind girl.But why did she sit in silence instead of talking with us?Why did she never reply to our friendly greetings?Couldn't she smile?
Then,one evening,I got the answer.I walked to the park nearby and found the girl sitting alone under a tree,lonely and sad.I greeted her with the same warm smile that I had shown to her all these months,but this time her face turned red,then a shy smile appeared.As soon as she began her first words,I understood why she hadn't spoken to us before.Talking was hard for her.
I learnt her story:Her parents worked hard somewhere.She lived with her disabled grandparents.She said,"I can't express myself very well.Most of the time,I can't say what I want to say.I have no friends but...you always smile to me like an angel...so I also want to smile."That evening,we exchanged our names and we said goodbye like old friends.
Smile is the key to opening the door of the heart;it can break the cold walls in front of us.
The question is: All the following words can describe the girl except  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:silent
B:kind
C:proud
D:poorOnce there was a rich man who lived with his wife and child.He loved the child so much that he sent him to Oxford university for two or three years.At the end of the first year at the university, this young student came home.He wanted a change.And he also wanted to tell his parents about Oxford.
It happened one night that the father, the mother and the young student were sitting at supper.They had in front of them only two chickens.Just as they were about to begin eating, the father said, "My boy, I have spent a lot of money on you to send you to Oxford.Now I want to know what you have learned."The son smiled and said, "Father, I have studied a science which can prove  that these two chickens on the plate are really three chickens.""Well," said the father, "This is something I would like very much to know.""There are two chickens on the plate, "said the student.He took one of the chickens in his hand and said, "Here is one more ; and one and two makes three.So here are three chickens."Then the father took one of the chickens to himself, gave the other to his wife, and said, "I will have one of the chickens myself, your mother shall have another, and you can have the third for your supper and nothing else."The father kept his word and so the student went without his supper.
(5)
The question is: The rich man loved his son very much ,  so he   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:senthimtoworkatOxfordfortwoorthreeyears
B:wantedhimtoliveatOxfordfortwoorthreeyears
C:senthimtoOxfordtostudy
D:gavehimalotofmoneyGreen tea is the best choice for office workers.
People who always work in places with air conditioning may face skin problems such as easily dry skin. Among all the drinks, green tea is the best choice. Because there are important things in green tea and they are often called catechins . Moreover, drinking more green tea can prevent computer radiation .
Winter is the season to drink black tea.
Chinese medicine believes that different people should drink different tea based on the different characteristics and tastes of each kind of tea. Black tea can warm the stomach and quicken digestion . Therefore, drinking warm black tea in the cold winter is a most _ choice.
Do not drink strong tea.
Strong tea may make the body far too excited and can badly affect the cardiovascular  as well as the nervous system . For a person who has problem with these parts, to drink overly   strong tea may cause heart and blood pressure illness, or even make the old illnesses much worse.
Do not drink too much tea when you are eating.
Drinking too much tea or strong thick tea may not be good for taking in many constant elements and trace elements . Also, people should not drink tea with milk or other milky food.
,.
The question is: Which of the following is NOT true?
The possible answers are:
A:If you have a stomachache, you should drink black tea.
B:Strong tea may make the body far too excited.
C:When we choose tea, we should know the characteristic and tastes of each kind of tea.
D:At tables, we should drink tea as much as possible because it's good for our health.This is a picture of Mr. Li's family. The man in the middle is Mr. Li. The woman is Mrs. Li's wife. They have two sons. The child behind Mr. Li is Li Lei. He's thirteen. The boy in front of Mrs. Li is Li Ming. He is seven. Li Lei and Li Ming are in the same school, but not in the same grade. Li Lei is in Grade Two. Li Ming is in Grade One. They are good students.
The question is: Li Ming is   _   brother.
The possible answers are:
A:Mr. Li's
B:Mrs. Li's
C:Li Lei's
D:we don't know.(1)Shirley Temple, the once-famous child movie star, died at the age of 85 on February 10, 2014. She was born on April 23, 1928. She was good at acting and dancing. In 1934, she starred  in the movie Bright Eyes. From then on she became famous around the world. Later she starred in other movies and won a Juvenile Oscar in February, 1935.
For many Americans born in the 1930s and 1940s, Temple was not just an on-screen star but also a close friend in their childhood. She was remembered by the world as the forever "little angle". An American movie star said, "Little Shirley Temple encouraged the whole country during the Great Depression ."
(2)Shi Li and Cui Jiping are husband and wife. They are disabled. They complete the first Chinese encyclopedic dictionary for deaf people and people with hearing problems.
The dictionary includes words on medicine, education, psychology, law, history and culture about deaf people's life. This book provides a learning tool for this special group of people and it helps them know about the world more easily.
They spent six years and over 1,000,000 yuan on the book. They first collected material for the book by themselves, then they invited a lot of experts  across the country to write.
The book is warmly welcomed by the deaf. One of the readers said, "The book shows that we're not alone. We can have our own way to communicate with the world. "
The question is: Temple won the first Juvenile Oscar in  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:1928
B:1934
C:1935
D:1948.Nice to meet you. I'm David Beckham. I'm from England and I'm English. I'm twenty-nine years old. I like playing football and I can play football very well.
My name is Zhou Jielun. I'm from Taiwan, China. I'm thirty years old. I like singing.
My name is Liu Qian. I'm from Taiwan,China. I'm thirty-three years old. I like playing magic cards 
Hello! I'm Li Yuchun. I live in Chengdu now.  I'm twenty-five years old. I like singing.
The question is: _   and   _   are from Taiwan.
The possible answers are:
A:Zhou Jielun; Li Yuchun
B:Zhou Jielun ; Liu Qian
C:Liu Qian; Li Yuchun
D:Li Yuchun ; David BeckhamFilms in Beijing Theater This Week
HARRY POTTER (III)
American film
Director: Alfonso Cuaron
Starring: Daniel Radcliffe, Rupert Grint, Emma Watson
Time: From Monday to Wednesday, at 6:00 p.m.
Ticket Price:Y=50
KUNGFU HUSTLE
Chinese film
Director: Zhou Xingchi
Starring: Zhou Xingchi, Liang Xiaolong, Yuan Hua
Time: From Wednesday to Friday, at 9:00 p.m.
Ticket Price:Y=40
A WORLD WITHOUT THIEVES
Chinese film
Director: Feng Xiaogang
Starring: Liu Dehua, Liu Ruoying, Ge You, Li Bingbing
Time: From Friday to Sunday, at 6:30 p.m.
Ticket Price:Y=40 (Half on Sunday for children)
TROY
American film
Director: Wolfgang Peterson
Starring: Julian Glover, Brian Cox, Nathan Jones, Adoni Maropis
Time: From Tuesday to Saturday, at 9:30 a.m.
Ticket Price:Y=30
The question is: From the poster , we know   _   is both a director and actor.
The possible answers are:
A:Alfonso Cuaron
B:Feng Xiaogang
C:Wolfgang Peterson
D:Zhou XingchiAn astronaut's work may sound exciting, but living in space isn't as fun as you think. The website www.space.com lists the disadvantages of living in space. Here are some of them.
When astronauts work outside the station during spacewalks, they have to wear special gloves. The gloves are very tight. They can hurt the astronauts' fingernails  and even make them fall off.
In space, you don't have many choices in what you eat. It's hard to get fresh fruits and vegetables. It is not OK to eat bread because it leaves crumbs . Crumbs could fly around everywhere.
In space, it is impossible to have a good shower because water can fly all over the ship and break the machines. Astronauts have to use a special water-shooting  gun and a washcloth.
Astronauts lose their bone strength quickly during their stay in space. So far, there is no way to solve this problem. They do exercise while they're in space to try to keep their bones strong as long as possible.
Perhaps the hardest part of life in space is the feeling of loneliness. Astronauts sometimes have to spend weeks and even months away from Earth. They miss their friends and families.
The question is: How do the astronauts keep their bones strong in space?
The possible answers are:
A:By taking medicine.
B:By doing exercise.
C:By taking a good rest.
D:By walking in space.The computer is important and can help us do a lot of things. Lots of children spend too much time on the computer. It's bad for their study. Here is some advice  for the parents.
*Move the computer out of the child's bedroom. It is good for children to reduce   the time to use the computer.
* _ for the computer. If your child wants to use it, he/she should get your permission  .
*If your child uses the Internet for studying. He / She doesn't use it to play games, praise   him/her for that.
*When your child wants to use the computer to play games, you can take her/him to the library, get her/him together with friends to play sport.
The question is: What can the parents do when the child wants to play computer games?
The possible answers are:
A:They can take her/ him to the library.
B:They can let her/ him play computer games.
C:They can take her/ him to school.
D:They can praise him/her.A ship met a storm at sea and only two of the men were able to swim to a small, deserted island. Not knowing what else to do, they agreed to pray  to God on opposite sides of the island.
Of course, the first thing they prayed for was food. The next morning, the first man saw a fruit tree on his side. But there was nothing on the other man's side.
Later the first man prayed for a house, clothes and more food. The next day, all of these things were given to him. However, the second man still had nothing.
Finally, the first man prayed for a ship so that he could leave the island, and the next morning he found a ship.
The first man decided to leave alone. As the ship was about to leave, the first man heard a voice, "Why are you leaving your friend on island?"
"My
gs are mine alone, since I was the one that prayed for them," the first man answered. "His prayers were all unanswered."
"You are wrong!" the voice said. "He had only one prayer, which I answered. If not for that, you would not have received any of our blessings."
"Tell me", the first man asked, "what he prayed for?"
"He prayed that all your prayers would be answered."
For all we know, our blessings are not the fruits of our prayers alone, but those of others' prayers for us
The question is: What's the best title of the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:How to live on an island
B:Two men on a ship
C:How to pray
D:A friend's prayerA new word is becoming more and more popular on the Internet in China - but no one knows quite what it means.The word "duang" is so new that you can't even find it in the Chinese dictionary. But it has already spread  like fire on the Chinese Internet , appearing more than 8,000,000 times on Weibo, where 15,000 users had more than 312,000 discussions. On Baidu, it has been looked up almost 600,000 times. But what does it mean?
"Everyone's duang-ing and I still don't know what it means! Looks like I'd better go back to school now," said Weibo user Fahmida.
Another user asked: "Have you duang-ed today? My mind is full of duang duang duang."
"To duang or not to duang, that is the question," wrote user Beatrice.
"Duang" seems to be imitating   a sound. It all seems to have started with Hong Kong action star Jackie Chan, who in 2004 appeared in a shampoo ad   where he used the sound "duang" to describe his soft and black hair. The word came to people again recently  after Chan posted it on his Weibo page. Thousands of users then began to visit Chan's Weibo page with comments  .
The word seems to have many different meanings, and there's no perfect   Chinese meaning for it, but you could use it to give emphasis   to the word that follows it. A kid might be "duang cute", for example.
The question is: Mary got a gift from her old friend and said "I am duang surprised". She might mean that she was  _   according to the passage.
The possible answers are:
A:not surprised at all
B:a little surprised
C:quite surprised
D:no longer surprisedI do not need a calendar to tell me when it is winter. All I need is my nose. When I wake up in the morning and smell the tasty treats my mom is cooking downstairs, I know winter has arrived.
The first one is the smell of chocolate. During the holiday season (from Thanksgiving to New Year's Day) my mother makes her special hot chocolate. She always adds a peppermint candy cane   to the drink and tops it with cream.
The hot chocolate gets me out of bed, but it is my mother's chocolate fudge   that makes me run downstairs. It is a thick chunk   of chocolate that tastes like heaven. My mother adds nuts. That gives it more texture  .
But my mother isn't done yet. She also makes a treat she calls "window panes  ". She takes a few different colored marshmallows   and melts them together with chocolate. The final product looks like a colorful church window, so we call it "window panes".
These tasty holiday treats are usually eaten after a meal as a dessert. But don't tell Santa Claus because I secretly eat them all day long.
The question is: In the author's eyes, the taste of the chocolate fudge is   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:terrible
B:wonderful
C:awful
D:so soNow many people like the game Angry Birds. Here is a piece of good news for them--soon there will be a lot of Angry Birds-themed activity parks around the world.
The first two parks opened in Finland last year, and a few other parks are going to open in the UK. However, people still don't know when and where Angry Birds-themed activity parks will open in the UK.
"As a kind of online game, it is popular with people of all ages. It's really an interesting game. And the parks will be interesting places for everyone around the world," said Peter Vesterbacka, an officer of Angry Birds Company. He also said, "We want to make Angry Birds a part of pop culture. We're just getting started."
Angry Birds-themed activity parks have many interesting places for children to play. They like _ very much. People can see the characters and colors from the game in the park. People can also play the Angry Birds game on large screens in the park. The company wants to invite people to not only play it on the sofa, but to go out, move around and have fun. So everyone will be happy in Angry Birds-themed activity parks.
The question is: From the passage, we can know  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:Angry Birds is only popular with young people
B:Peter Vesterbacka works for Angry Birds Company
C:there is no screen in Angry Birds-themed activity parks
D:Angry Birds-themed activity parks will open in the UK in 2015Each year, we celebrate many holidays here in America.
On January 1, we welcome the coming of a new year like many people in other countries. And we have another four holidays on the first day of a month: April Fool's Day, May Day, Friendship Day (Aug.1) and Grandparents Day (Sep. 1).
The most important holiday for the young people comes in February. It is Valentine's Day. Lots of boys give red roses to girls as a present.
People celebrate some holidays for their family members. We say thanks to our mother in May and celebrate Father's Day in the following month. In November many people return home for Thanksgiving Day, so the whole family can stay together.
There are also some interesting holidays for children. For example, Halloween comes at the end of October. Children often play with pumpkin lanterns and put on all kinds of masks.
Of course, the most important festival is Christmas. After a year of work and study, people can enjoy a long holiday, eat big meals, and visit family and friends.
The question is: Many people return home in November because they want to   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:enjoy a long holiday
B:stay with their family members
C:eat big meals with friends
D:spend Thanksgiving DayDear new moms,
You should teach your children manners   as soon as your children can understand what you're saying. When your children do something right, let them know. When your children do something wrong, tell them how they should do it and why.
Here are some basic manners for children:
1. Wait for their turn and don't _ other people when they are speaking. Tell them to wait until someone finishes speaking, and then ask questions.
2. Always greet the people who come over to your house. You can teach your children to shake hands with grown-ups   who come over, but it's not necessary to shake hands with other children. Your children should always say "hello" or "hi" when someone comes to your home so that the guest   feels welcome.
3. Say "please" and "Thank you" often. And say "You're welcome" to answer others' "Thank you".
4. After playing a game, no matter what the result is, be pleased. If your children win, tell them not to show off  , but to be kind. If they lose, tell them not to get mad and tell the other children that they did a good job or speak well of them.
Yours
Dr. Dave
The question is: Dr Dave wrote the letter to tell new moms   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:what good manners are
B:what manners children should have
C:who should teach children manners
D:why they should teach children mannersDear friends,
My name is Tony. I am English. I am thirteen years old this year. I am tall, and I am good at playing football. I am in Grade Seven. There are thirty boys and twenty girls in my class. We are learning Chinese in our school. Our Chinese teacher is Mr. Wu. He is a little short, but he is very strong. He is very nice to us. I have some good friends in my class. Tom is a tall boy and has short black hair. He is good at playing football, too. Alice is short and she loves wearing red dresses. She is good at English. Shelly has long hair. She can speak Japanese and she likes running. We all study hard.
What about your school and your friend?  Please write soon.
Yours,
Tony
The question is: Who likes running?
The possible answers are:
A:Tom
B:Alice
C:Shelly
D:Mr WuHello, everyone! My name is Bob. I have a good friend. His name is Paul. He is a yellow dog. I like him very much.
Every morning Paul runs with me, and we play in the park every afternoon. Paul is very fat. He likes eating beef hamburgers for breakfast. For dinner, he likes fish. Paul likes red. He has two red hats. Look! They are on my bed.
But Paul is lost now. Please help me. My telephone number is 312-3216. My E-mail address is _ . Thanks.
The question is: Where do Bob and Paul play every afternoon?
The possible answers are:
A:at home
B:at school
C:in the park
D:in the libraryA woman repeated a bit of gossip  about a neighbor. Within a few days, the whole village knew the story. The person she talked about was deeply hurt and angry.
Later, the woman spreading the rumor  learned that it was completely untrue. She was very sorry and went to a wise man to find out what she could do to repair the harm.
"Go to the marketplace," he said, "buy a chicken, and have it killed. Then on your way home, pick its feathers and drop them one by one along the road." Although surprised by this advice, the woman did what she was told.
The next day the wise man said, "Now, go and collect all those feathers you dropped yesterday and bring them back to me."
The woman followed the same road, but she was so _ when she found the wind had blown the feathers all away. After searching for hours, she returned with only three in her hand.
"You see," said the wise man, "it's easy to drop them, but it is impossible to get them all back. So it is the same with gossip. It doesn't take much to spread a rumor, but once you do, you can never completely undo( ) the wrong."
The question is: Which of the following statements is true?
The possible answers are:
A:The gossip didn't hurt anyone at all.
B:The wise man was not kind enough.
C:All the feathers had been blown away.
D:The woman was given a lesson.If I had one million Yuan, I would buy you a house!  Do I have one million Yuan? No, I don't.So I only can spend ten fens on this short message, sending you my best wishes! Today SMS---Short Message Service is popular, and China Mobile says that every second , there are 410 messages being sent.
Look around you! People are watching their mobiles , smiling or laughing.Thumbs  are moving quickly on mobiles, bringing happiness to their friends.Through SMS, we know the weather report, share jokes and news, express love and friendship.
SMS is becoming more and more popular.It's reported that 67% of young people like to send short messages to greet  each other.Internet SMS will be more helpful to people.I'm thankful for the progress because SMS saves me much money.Just on the top of the thumb, so much joy can be found.
The question is: Which of the following is WORNG according to the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:The writer has one million yuan.
B:The writer spends ten fen on this short message.
C:More than 400 people send messages every second.
D:Internet SMS will be more helpful to people.Tom gets up at half past seven in the morning. He has an egg and some milk for his breakfast. Then he begins to go to school slowly. When he is on his way to school, he thinks, "I tell my teacher my mother is ill on Monday morning. I tell him my bike is wrong on Tuesday. What do I tell my teacher today?"
Tom thinks over but he doesn't find a good idea before he gets to school."May I come in?" Tom shouts at the door of the classroom.
" Oh, my boy," says Mr Green. " Please look at the clock on the wall. What time is it now?"
" It's ten past eight," answers Tom.
Mr Green is not happy. " You are late for class three times this week. If all the students are like you, the clock is no use, I think."
" You are right, Mr Green," says Tom. " If we don't have the clock, how do you know I am late for class?"
The question is: There is a  _  on the wall of the classroom.
The possible answers are:
A:map
B:clock
C:card
D:birdI am John.. I always get up late at the weekend. At about 9:30 am, I have breakfast. After breakfast, I start doing my homework. We have lunch at about 12:00, and then I watch TV or have a rest . I like reading and I often read some interesting books in the afternoon. I like sports, too. Sometimes I play football or basketball with my friends at school. My school is near my home, so I can walk there. Every weekend, my father takes me to a restaurant for a big dinner. I can enjoy lots of nice food. I like my weekend.
The question is: Which is NOT true ?
The possible answers are:
A:John likes reading.
B:John likes playing basketball.
C:John likes playing football.
D:John likes cooking.Elephants have very strong legs.Their legs are like trees.They usually walk slowly because they are so big,but they walk very quietly.
Wild elephants living in the jungle  usually stay together in big families.Usually one old elephant leads them.The others follow their leader.They usually move about at night,looking for food.In the hot daytime,they go to sleep in the cool shade of the trees.Elephants are kind animals.When one of them is hurt and cannot pull itself to its feet,the other elephants lift it up and help it to walk.
Some people say that elephants never forget.They remember people who are kind or bad to them.There are many about this.
The question is: Elephants usually walk slowly because   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:they are very big
B:they are quiet
C:they are very strong
D:they want to eat leaves along the wayI live in a busy town, and there are many kinds of shops in the town. There are also three restaurants. They are Mr Li's, Mr Cool's and Mrs Zhao's.
People have different views about the three restaurants. I think Mr Li's has the friendliest service and the seats there are the most comfortable. However, it has the worst noodles. The color of the wall in Mr Cool's is pink. And it has the cheapest hamburgers, but the service of it is the worst of the three. And it has the hardest  seats. Mrs Zhao's has the best food, and it is the most expensive. Though the seats are not very comfortable, it has the most _ .
The question is: The color of the wall in Mr Cool's is  _   .
The possible answers are:
A:white
B:red
C:pink
D:blueThere was a man who had a little son. He loved him very much. Every day after work the man would come home and play with the little boy.
When the man came home from work one night, he found that he had some extra work to do. And he wasn't able to play with his little son. He wanted to give the boy something to keep him busy. So, looking around his study, he saw a magazine with a large map of the world on the cover. He got an idea. He patiently tore the map up into pieces. Then he led his son into the dining room and spread the pieces on the table. He explained to the boy that it was a map of the world. He told the boy to put it back together and they could play together when he finished. Surely this could keep the child busy for hours, he thought.
After about thirty minutes, the boy came to the man and said, "Okay, it's finished, Dad. Can we play now?"
The man was surprised, saying, "That's amazing! How did you do that?" The boy said, "It was easy. On the back of the page was a picture of a man. When I put the man together, the whole world appeared completely."
The question is: What did the man ask his son to do?
The possible answers are:
A:To read the magazine to find the map.
B:To tear the map of the world up into pieces.
C:To put the pieces of the map of the world back together.
D:To clean the dining room first, and then read the map of the world.My name is Bill. I come from China. Now I am in Grade Eight. I have to get up very early in the morning , because my home is very far from the school. After breakfast, I take the subway to get to school.
This term, I have a new subject . It's physics. I like it best. I think it is very easy and interesting. I have physics classes on Mondays, Wednesdays and Fridays. They are all my favorite days.
Mr.White is my physics teacher. He is now forty years old . Now he is in front of the blackboard. What's he doing now ? "Where is my physics book ? I am looking for it ." My deskmate , Mike , stands up and says , "Sir , it's in your hand ." We all laugh . Mr. White is very forgetful .
,.
The question is: _   are NOT Bill's favorite days.
The possible answers are:
A:Mondays
B:Wednesdays
C:Thursdays
D:FridaysJudy had very bad luck yesterday. In the morning, she came to school late, because her alarm clock didn't _ . Usually she goes to school at 7:20 am. But yesterday, it was already 8:00 am when she got up. The teacher was angry  and asked her to stay in the classroom after school. At 5:00 pm, it was time for students to go home. But Judy couldn't. She stayed until  5:30 pm. When she just went out of the classroom, it began to rain. She didn't have an umbrella. On her way home, she fell off  her bicycle. When she got home, she was wet all through.
The question is: How did Judy go home?
The possible answers are:
A:By bus.
B:By car.
C:By bike.
D:By train.Before Christmas Mr Smith broke his right leg and had to stay in hospital. When he was there, he always asked his doctor when he could go home. He didn't like to spend Christmas in hospital. Though the doctor did his best, Mr Smith didn't get better. So on Christmas Day he was still in hospital. He spent a bad day in bed thinking that he missed a lot of fun on such a happy day.
The next day the doctor told him that he might be well enough to leave hospital in time for the New Year. Mr  Smith was very happy to think that he would spend New Year's Day outside hospital. Soon Mr Smith left hospital and on New Year's Eve he went to a party. He enjoyed himself there. But he drank too much. On his way home that night, he had a fall and broke his left leg. What a unlucky man he was!
The question is: Because   _  , he drank so much on New Year's Eve.
The possible answers are:
A:he was too happy
B:both of his two legs got well
C:he had a fall
D:he was in hospitalWhat Is Self-tracking All about
Perhaps you've tracked  how many kilometers you've run, how many hours you've slept or how much you've eaten in a day.
If so, you've taken part in a popular movement called the "Quantified Self Movement" or "Self-tracking". Maybe you've wanted to change a bad habit but couldn't. Self-tracking may be your answer. The idea is to collect information about your everyday activities and analyze  them to help improve and form a healthier lifestyle.
Recently, tools such as smartphones, apps, along with newly published wearable things, are making self-tracking easy. Today, one can use Fitbit, the Jawbone Up, Google Glass or a smart watch to record personal data  including sleeping hours, stress levels, heart rate and mood.
So why does a person self-track? Someone may be trying to lose weight or improve their sleep. Another person feels tired after eating. Self-tracking could help him to know what foods make him sleepy and watch his diet. [:Z#xx#k.Com]
Tracking daily activities isn't a new concept. In years past, athletes and their coaches kept notes food, training and sleep in order to achieve an athletic goal. Similarly, doctors have also helped patients to record parts of their lifestyles and eating habits to help fight health problems. However, it wasn't until 2007 that magazine writers Gary Wolf and Kim Kelly created the term   "Quantified Self" or  "self-tracking".
Although self-tracking has many advantages, Dennis Nash, president of Data Speaks Health Solutions, says self-tracking has its disadvantages. Once people start tracking their daily activities, it can become an extra task people like to do often. Also, they might begin to worry too much about their health.
Though self-tracking doesn't make sure that one's quality of life will improve, it can encourage people to make healthier choices.
The question is: Self-tracking was firstly come up with by   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:two magazine writers
B:athletes and their coaches
C:doctors and their patients
D:scientists of Data Speaks Health SolutionsLook at these two photos. They are John and Ann. They're my good friends. All of us like music and we often sing together  . John lives near my house and we are in the same class. John is 15 years old and 1.68 metres tall. He has blond hair and blue eyes. John's English is very good and sometimes he helps me with my homework. He often wears a T-shirt and shorts. But in the photo, he is wearing a yellow shirt and black pants. Ann is in another school. She is short with brown hair and brown eyes. She looks very pretty. She has dance classes every Saturday afternoon and Ann can dance very well. Her favourite clothes are blouses and skirts. In the photo, she is wearing a dress and a hat.
The question is: What do the three children often do together?
The possible answers are:
A:Play games.
B:Read books.
C:Sing songs.
D:Paint pictures.For many years, the school students have to finish some homework during their winter and summer holidays. But with the fast development of the Internet, some students have found a new way to deal with their homework recently. Instead of finishing their homework by themselves, they ask the Internet for help.
Since most of the holiday homework is the same from school to school, this makes it possible for some people to sell the homework answers on the Internet. Usually one must pay about 50 to 100 yuan for the answers for one subject of the homework. A survey shows that 90% of the students complain their homework is too much and they don't want to do it by themselves.
To solve the problem, some schools have stopped using the standard homework and turned  to other forms of homework. As for students, they must remember "No pains, no gains". If today they pay for their homework answers, perhaps one day they will pay more for their laziness .
The question is: From the passage We can know   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:the students can't finish their homework
B:Internet is very useful but has some disadvantage
C:we can buy anything we want through the Internet
D:all the students are very lazyPeople like to say:"The hand that rocks the cradle rules the world."Or theysay:"Behind every successful man,there is a woman."
Now some women still like making their husbands and sons successful.But some women want more for themselves.They want to be successful as men.
Today the best jobs are still given to men.Even when women do the same work,they are often paid less than men.Some women want these things changed.They want to stand beside the men,with the same chances for success.
Now many American women are earning money outside their homes.More than half of the women at the age of eighteen to sixty-five have good jobs.In general,working women have more education than those who stay at home.
Among women with jobs,eight out of ten drive a car to work,and most of them often spend their holidays away from home.They like traveling by air.Women's work has made several changes in women's lives and in men's lives,too.
But things are quite different from those in the Middle East countries.
In the Middle East countries,women have to stay at home.They look after their families and do all the housework.They can't find work outside.When they go out in public.they cover their faces with something and walk behind their husbands.
For the past few years the women's life has been changing in those countries.Many women want to play an active role in the society.Though working gives them few chances of getting married,many men still want to marry them in the old ways.
The question is: Some women are still badly paid  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:because women want more money
B:because of the old ways of thinking
C:because women can't do as well as men do
D:but we don't know whyEmilio lost his wallet  at a bar .He looked for it everywhere.But he couldn't find it.The bartender  didn't have it,either.Emilio went home.He was very angry.
"Somebody stole my wallet."he told his wife."Are you sure?"She asked,"Maybe you just lost it.""I don't think so.You can't trust anybody in this city."
Then,Emilio's phone rang.
"Hello?"he said in an angry voice."Good evening.Is that Emilio Santos?""Yes,it is.Who is that?""My name is Pablo.I found your wallet at a bar."
The next day,Emilio met Pablo at a coffee shop.Pablo returned the wallet.Everything was still inside.Emilio thanked Pablo for being so honest .
The question is: Emilio didn't  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:talk to the bartender
B:trust anybody in the city
C:answer the telephone
D:want to see PabloIt was a beautiful spring morning, and the sun was warm but not too hot, so Mr Green was surprised when he saw an old gentleman at the bus stop with a big, strong, black umbrella   in his hand.
Mr Green said to him, "Do you think we're going to have rain today!"
"No," said the old gentleman, "I don't think so."
"Then are you carrying the umbrella to keep the sun off you?" "No, the sun is not very hot in spring."
Mr Green looked at the big umbrella again, and the gentleman said, "I am an old man, and my legs are not very strong. I really need a walking-stick. But when I carry a walking-stick, people say, 'Look at the poor old man.' I don't like that. When I carry an umbrella in fine weather, people only say, 'look at that stupid  man.'"
The question is: The story happened   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:on a spring morning
B:on a cold day
C:on a summer evening
D:on a busTom was ten years old and he was a very lazy boy. He didn't like doing any work. He had to go to school, of course , but he didn't study hard there and tried to do as little work as possible. His father and mother were both doctors and they hoped that their son would become one, too. But one day Tom said to his mother, " When I finish school, I want to be a dustman."
"A dustman?" his mother asked, she was very surprised. " that's not a very pleasant job, why do you want to be a dustman?"
"Because then I would only have to work one day a week." Tom answered at once.
"Only one day a week?" his mother said, "What do you mean? And how do you know?"
" Well," Tom replied, " I know that the dustmen who come to our house to work on Thursday, because I only see them on that day."
,,.
The question is: What were his father and mother?
The possible answers are:
A:His father was a doctor and his mother was a nurse.
B:His father was a worker and his mother was a doctor.
C:His father was a doctor and his mother was a doctor, too.
D:His father and mother were teachers.Philip likes to play football. He often plays football after school with his friends. Sandy likes to play basketball. She teaches her friends how to play it every Sunday afternoon. Han Mei is very good at the computer. She always uses it to draw pictures three times a week, and she uses it to surf the Internet. She has a good friend in America. Her name is Mary. Lin Tao is also good at drawing pictures. But he never uses computer to draw.
The question is: How often does Lin Tao use computer to draw?
The possible answers are:
A:Never
B:Hardly ever
C:Three times a week
D:Every weekHave you ever had the flu ? If you have, you know how bad it can make you feel. Most kids will get the flu sometime during their school years.
When you have the flu, you usually get a fever  (which can be high), have a cough , feel very tired, and may have a sore throat  as well. It can make you feel sick for a few days or for as long as a week. Sometimes, it can be hard to tell if you have the flu or a cold, but with the flu, you'll usually have a higher fever and feel much worse.
The flu is a type of virus , which means medicine will only help the _ such as the cough and fever. For most kids, the flu comes and goes, but for some, it can be a serious illness. Most kids get the flu in winter because germs  spread  more easily when kids are inside in settings such as classrooms.
The best way to stop from getting the flu is to wash your hands often, keep your hands to yourself, and go to your doctor for the flu shot  or mist .
The question is: Which of the following would not help you in stopping the flu?
The possible answers are:
A:Getting a flu shot or flu mist.
B:Washing your hands often.
C:Keeping your hands to yourself.
D:Staying in the classroom.Dear Estelle,                                                 Saturday, 5th June
I hope you' re well and not working too hard! I' ve been revising for my exams now for the last two weeks. That' s why I haven' t written for such a long time.
Since the beginning of this year we' ve been doing a project called ' World Class'. Have you heard of it.'? Not everyone in the class could take part, but luckily I could. The school chooses a 'twin school'   in a different area of the world. Our head teacher chose a school in Uganda. They gave us someone to write to from that school. For three months, I've written to a girl called Louisa, who is the same age as me.
It' s been more interesting to hear about her life. She' s told me all about her school and described her daily   life. I can' t believe that her School doesn' t. have any electricity. She goes to 'school from eight o' clock in the morning until six. O'clock. in the evening. I can' t believe how lucky we are here! She' s also told me that she often can' t go to school because she has to look after her baby brother and sister. She's tried to teach me some of her language and it' s really difficult.
I love it because it' s the first time I' ve thought about what life must be like somewhere else. I can' t believe people miss classes here when everything is so easy for us. I think more people should help out with projects like this. At the weekend we' re going to have a sports day to help raise money to send to the school. Perhaps one day I'll be able to go to Uganda and meet Louisa myself--who knows?
Lots of 1ove,
Suzanne
The question is: From the passage we know that
The possible answers are:
A:Louisa lives a poor life
B:Louisa has stopped going to school
C:Louisa is older than Susanne
D:Louisa and Suzanne have the same interestsIn the United States,boys and girls start school when they are five years old.In some states they must stay in school until they are sixteen.Most students are seventeen or eighteen years old when they graduate from secondary school.another name for high school.Most children go to public elementary and secondary schools .The parents of public pupils do not have to pay for their children's education because taxes support the public schools.If a child goes to a private school ,his parents have to pay for the child's education.Today about half of the high school students go on to colleges and universities .Some colleges and universities receive money support from the government .A student at a state university does not have to pay very much if his parents live in that state.Private schools are expensive,however.Almost half of the college students in the USA work while studying.If a student's family is not rich,he has to make money for part of his college expenses .
The question is: In the USA almost half of the college students work while studying.This is because  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:their families aren't rich enough
B:they don't want to depend on their parents
C:they are interested in work
D:their parents don't live in that stateBicycles are very popular in China. In our country you can see bicycles almost everywhere. When you walk on the road, you will find a lot of people riding bicycles to school, shops and anywhere else. Therefore , China is known as "the kingdom of bicycles". In China, many families have one or two bicycles.
Compared(......) with cars, bicycles have many advantages. First, they are much cheaper than cars. Most Chinese can't afford cars, but they can afford bicycles. Second, bicycles are small enough to park anywhere, while cars need a larger piece of land to park. What's more, with lower speed, bicycles are safer than cars.
However, bicycles also bring some problems. Some riders don't obey the traffic rules and some riders don't think about others' safety. So they ride too fast. During rush hours, too many bicycles may cause traffic jams. _
The question is: Which of the following is NOT an advantage of bicycles?
The possible answers are:
A:Bicycles are much cheaper than cars.
B:Bicycles are easy to park.
C:Bicycles are more beautiful than cars.
D:Bicycles are safer than cars.Sunny English Club
For students
16:00 - 18:00 Every Saturday
200 Yuan a month
9 Zhou Yu Street
Tel: 3785290
Foreign teachers, English songs and films and more!
Ocean Museum
9:00--17:00 From Thursday to Sunday
Ticket: 50 yuan
132 Xue Yuan Street
Tel: 5439871
Show you a full picture of sea lives!
Health Centre
9:00--17:30
16 Yong Le Street
Tel: 3801451
Free examinations for those over 70
Give you good advice to keep healthy!
,
The question is: If you are interested in the life of fish, you should go to  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:Health Centre
B:Ocean Museum
C:Sunny English Club
D:16 Yong Le StreetIn America: There are many more cars than in China. Maybe the number of cars in California is the same as the number in China. But there are fewer traffic jams and accidents in America than in China. We hardly see traffic police in the street, but all cars obey traffic rules strictly , and people hardly find that a car does not obey traffic rules in the street.
About America traffic rules, there are many better terms , such as:
1. Stop line: There are stop line in all crossing without traffic lights(some have two stop lines and others have four stop lines); all cars must stop while meeting the stop lines.
2.Traffic lights: There are traffic lights in the crossing of the road .Cars may almost turn every direction. the traffic lights can give signals step by step including u-turn . There is a kind of middle lane of turning left. When a car wants to turn left in the road, he may enter into the middle lane of turning left and give a signal of turning left. When he thinks being safe he may turn left.
3. Specific item: Such as parking, there are three kinds of lines (its color are white, blue or red) in the roadside. Every line may park different kinds of cars. There are streets in some residential  areas, and no car can park at any time or any period time.
4. About the priority   of passengers and cars: At any case, passengers have the priority to cars. But only after passengers have passed the road and gotten the top of sidestep, cars may go ahead. In general, traffic rules of America are very specific, convenient and safe.
The question is: According to the passage, we can know  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:there are more traffic jams and accidents in America than in China
B:traffic policemen are often seen in the street in America
C:California may have as many cars as China
D:You can easily find that a car does not obey traffic rules in the street in AmericaIn the US, the most popular way to welcome the new year is with a big party. Some parties are at private homes. But in recent years, it has become more and more common for Americans to go to a hotel or eating-place on the night of December 31st. There, they can eat a big dinner, drink champagne, and dance to orchestra music.
Most New Year's parties are usually noisy. People shout and sing. And often, guests blow on small noisemakers when the new year arrives at midnight. This tradition of noise making is believed to start centuries ago. People thought that loud sounds would drive away the bad spirits of the old year.
The biggest, noisiest New Year's party in the US takes place in Times Square in New York. Thousands of people gather  there. Some of them ring bells and set fireworks. Others blow whistles of car horns . And at twelve o'clock, they begin to cheer as an electric sign in the shape of a red apple lights up on top of a tall building.
The Times Square celebration includes another well-known American tradition. Since 1929, the band of musician Guy Lombardo has given a concert on New Year's Eve. Guy Lombardo died in 1977. But, Bill Lombardo, has kept the tradition alive with a band concert at a New York city hotel. When the crowds in Times Square start cheering the arrival of the new year, television cameras show the band playing the song Auld Lang Syne.
The question is: The biggest New Year's party in the US is   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:in Central Park
B:in Hollywood
C:in Times Square
D:in DisneylandMany animals hide to stay alive. They hide in many ways. Some animals hide in leaves; some animals hide in snow. Usually their colors or shapes help protect them. It's hard to see an Arctic bear in snow. Its white fur helps protect it. Chameleons  can hide by changing colors. Their skin turns the same color as what is around them. Some chameleons can change colors in five minutes.
Many animals try to look bigger than they are to stay alive. Some animals can make other animals think they are very big. If they look very big, animals that are looking for food will run away. Bears can walk on two legs. They look very, very scary. Some animals will run away from them.
Many animals try to stay around other animals. This helps them stay alive. Zebras stay close together so that they can help each other look out of danger. Seeing many stripes at once can also confuse animals that want to eat them. Some birds stay in a circle, each toward a different direction. In this way they can also help each other stay alive by looking around for animals that many want to eat one of them.
The question is: How do zebras hide ?
The possible answers are:
A:Become good friends.
B:Talk to each other.
C:Help each other look out for danger.
D:Eat and play togetherTommy buys a ticket  and goes in. But after two or three minutes he comes out. He buys a second ticket and goes in again. After a few minutes he comes out again and buys a third ticket. Two or three minutes after that, he comes out a third time and asks for another ticket. Then the girl selling tickets says to him, "Why are you buying all these? Are you meeting friends in the cinema all the time?"
"No, I'm not doing that." the small boy says, "But a big woman always stops me at the door and tears   my tickets up."
The question is: Tommy goes to the cinema to  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:see a film
B:buy tickets
C:meet his friends
D:sell ticketsLook at these things. This is Mr. Wang's ID card. And this is Jim's watch, that's Mary's key. Gina's notebook is over there. Look! What's that on the floor? Oh, it's gold ring. It's Jenny's ring. It's very nice.
.
The question is: Is Jenny's ring very nice?   _
The possible answers are:
A:Yes, she is.
B:No, she isn't.
C:Yes, it is.
D:No, it isn't.Jeff Green has a bad habit. He can not look after   his things well. Look, this is his room. His things are _ . Look at his desk. Some things are on it. They are notebook, CDs, video tapes, rulers and erasers. He doesn't put his rulers and erasers in his pencil box. Look, some of his sports collections are on the desk and chair.
It's eight in the morning, and Jeff is in bed. It's Sunday. He doesn't go to school. Oh, what's under the bed? A soccer ball. He likes playing soccer. He can not play volleyball well. His schoolbag is under the bed. Why is his bag under the bed? We don't know. What's that under the sofa? It is one of his socks. Where is the other one? We can't see it. Jeff needs to ask his parents to find it, I think.
The question is: What sports does Jeff like?
The possible answers are:
A:Soccer
B:Basketball
C:Volleyball
D:TennisGuo Liqin, 24, works as a primary school teacher in a distant area in Yunnan Province. The Internet offers him the latest news and entertainment from the outside world. And many people like him also depends on the online libraries for the free literature  reading.
A survey in China last year found the online literature is the biggest growth area of Internet entertainment.
Reading for free is also popular in other countries. See what solutions other countries are taking.
Public Libraries
In countries such as Germany, Canada, and the UK, governments pay the authors to have their books in public libraries.
The pay is different from country to country. Some pay according to how many times a book has been borrowed; others pay according to whether the library has bought the book or not.
Google Books
Google Books allow users to see some free parts before buying them.
The author can choose to make from 20% to 100% of the book's content  for free reading . But you can see a full view of books that are out of copyright .
E-magazines
E-magazines are usually about pop culture, and make money through advertisements. The writers are usually paid by the numbers of words they write.
Digital Library
There are many free online libraries of books which are no longer in copyright.
American and European websites offer classic  literature and non-fiction texts like dictionaries for download in different languages.
The question is: Google Books and Digital Library allow users to read the full books  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:which are out of copyright
B:which are in copyright
C:which are about pop culture
D:which have some free partsMost students ,  who are learning a foreign language . like to choose Homestay when they 6tudy abroad. Others also prefer homestay even if they go on a visit or a holiday in another country. Presently, homestay has become a form of accommodation( )  which is very popular all around the  world. If you want to stay at a comfortable and home-like house and experience the life of local people, you can book a homestay on the Internet before you go abroad. It is easy for you to  pick out a host family that you want to live with from all over the world. So what is homestay? And what makes it so popular nowadays? Homestay means living with a foreign family or "host family" as we 8tay abroad. It is usually called a home away home. There are three ways of doing it :
Choose  to learn English in a language school near your homestay where you live ;
Have your English classes in the house with a member of family who is a qualified    teacher;
Don't have any classes at all when you visit a foreign country-a popular choice if you want to be a tourist far example. Even in the busy summer period the organization that provides the homestays will always try to place you with the most suitable  host family to meet your needs. With the help of the or organizations. you don't worry about where you live, your interests, your language level. eating habits. medical care and anything else you may have during the homestay.
Though the price of homestay is ,mainly depended on your needs, high- quality homestay accommodation can be relatively economical . And if you want your homestay in or near the city center, you may pay for an extra amount of money. Even if you 8tay further out. you can expect your journey into the center not to Go beyond 30 minutes.
Not only does homestay accommodation represent  value for money, it also gives you an excellent opportunity to practise the foreign language with your host family. This is a very important extra for students who like t0 8peak as much language as possible. Bui if you plan io learn English .  why not have your English classes in your host family? There's no better way to learn languages than this because it makes learning and accommodation together as well as the cultural experience !
The question is: What can be inferred from the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:Learning languages at school is much better than that in homestays.
B:All the homestay family members used to be good teachers in the past
C:More money should be paid a you live in host families in city center.
D:Everything has to be thought about after you enter a homestay family.Many people hurt their backs when they try to lift heavy things from the floor. It is easy to hurt your back muscle  when you try to pick up a heavy thing. However, there is a correct way to lift things from the floor. If you pick up heavy things correctly, you probably will not hurt your back.
To lift something from the floor correctly, first bend   your knees and lower yourself. Keep your back straight. Do not bent over, from your waist   keep your back and hips   and waist in a line. If you bent over, the muscles in your lower back can became hurt very easily. If you keep your back and hips straight, the muscles are stronger, because they hold up together. The other muscles can then help the lower back muscles.
As you lower yourself, try to get as close to thing as you can, put one knee on each side of the thing. Remember at all times to keep your back straight. Put your hand under the thing that is in front of you, between y our knees.
To lift the thing, you should stand up slowly. Use your leg muscles in order to stand up.
lift with your legs, not with your back.
The question is: To lift heavy things, the most important of all is to    _   .
The possible answers are:
A:stand up slowly
B:keep your back straight
C:bend your knees
D:put one knee on each sideStudents learn their lessons in class. In class teachers teach them. Students sit in the classroom listening to the teacher. This is a way of learning. Is this the only way for students to learn something? Of course not. There is another way to learn: students can teach themselves. For example, if you can't remember something when you are doing your homework, you can look at your book to find the answer. This is a way to teach yourself. And it is not a difficult thing. We can do this at any place and at any time.
How do you teach yourself? The first thing you must do is reading. Read something you are interested in. or you have to read. The second is that you must ask yourself questions. The question is something you don't understand, or you want to know more about. You can write down these questions. A clever student is usually good at asking questions. The third is to answer the question yourself by thinking hard, by reading the passage or other books, and sometimes by asking other people. This is the way of teaching yourself. And you must do this all by yourself. If you keep doing like for a long time, you are sure to succeed in your study.
The question is: Listening to the teacher is   _  for students to learn something.
The possible answers are:
A:not a way
B:the best way
C:the only way
D:not the only wayWe live in the computer age. People use computers to do much of their work, such as playing games, listening to music, shopping and so on. But few people know how to take care of them. Please remember the following when you use your computer:
1.Keep your computer in a dry cool room. Too much heat is bad for computers.
2. Do not smoke near your computer. Smoking is also bad for them.
3. Do not drink or eat near computers. A little water and pieces of food in the keyboard are also bad for a computer.
4. Keep your screen clean and do not have it too bright. They are bad for your eyes. Make sure the screen is not too far or too near your eyes when you use a computer.
The question is: The best title of the passage may be   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:How to protect our eyes?
B:How to use computers?
C:How to protect your computer?
D:What can computers do for us?Bamboo is a giant grass that grows in warm places. It has many uses. Everything--from chairs and fishing rods to basket and paper can be made from it. And that's not all. It can be eaten, too. People in China like bamboo shoots very much. They think the bamboo shoots are a delicious vegetable for parties and meals.
In many parts of Asia, bamboo shoots are a favorite food. The winter shoots are the best because they are soft, with a white and green color. Usually they are boiled in water with some salt. Spring shoots are darker and harder, so they take longer to cook. But they are cheaper than winter shoots.
Fresh bamboo shoots are seldom found outside bamboos' hometown. But people in other places can buy bamboo shoots, too. These shoots are kept in bottles and cans. They need no cooking and are almost as good as fresh bamboo shoots.
The question is: Bamboo shoots kept in cans  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:need no cooking before eating
B:are sweet
C:can be made into chairs and tables
D:are used to make ropeLast weekend, our family went to have Christmas dinner in a restaurant. We were the only family with a baby in the restaurant. Suddenly, my baby Erik became excited when we were enjoying our meal. I looked around and saw an old man with old clothes and dirty old shoes. His hair was unwashed. He was smiling at my Erik.
"He might hurt my Erik," I thought. Everyone in the restaurant looked at us and the old man. Then we decided to leave. The old man sat between the door and us.
As I walked closer to the man, I turned my back. Suddenly, Erik leaned  over my arms, reaching with both arms in a baby's pick-me-up position . Before I could stop him, Erik had escaped  from my arms to the man's. Soon the very old smelly man and my young baby developed a kind of friendship.
Erik put his little hand on the man's face, and I saw the old man closed his eyes and tears running down his face. His aged hands held my baby so gently . A moment later, the old man opened his eyes, passed me my baby and said, "Thank you, Madam. You've given me the best Christmas gift."
I cried, with my face burning hot. A child saw a soul , but a mother saw only a kind of clothes.
The question is: What is the best title of the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:A special restaurant
B:A lovely baby
C:Soul and clothes
D:Parents' influence on babiesWe live on the Earth. It's our home. But how much do you know about it?
The Earth is like a huge ball. Like the other seven planets, the Earth is running around the Sun. It's the third nearest planet to the Sun. It takes the Earth about 365 days to run around the Sun. At the same time, the Earth is going around itself. If you are in space, you can see lots of white clouds over the surface of the Earth. Through the clouds, you can see the blue color of the oceans and the brown color of the land. About 70% of the Earth is covered with water.
Why do we have day and night? When the half of the Earth is facing the Sun, it's daytime. As the Earth turns and this half is away from the Sun, night is coming. And it's daytime for the other half.
The question is: What's the main color of the Earth when you see it in space?
The possible answers are:
A:Green.
B:Brown.
C:Blue.
D:Red.Justin Bieber's birthday wish has come true. The teenage star announced earlier this week that he wanted his fans to donate $17,000 to charity---so far the total of gifts that have poured in is more than $31000.
"I have had a great year and it is all because of the fans helping me live my dream," said the young singer. "I'm turning 17 years old on Tuesday, and have so much to be grateful  for! So this year, I really want my birthday to be all about helping others. Instead of asking for gifts, I'm asking friends, family and fans to consider donating $17 for my 17thbirthday to help make a change."
Bieber asked his fans to donate to a charity that builds clean water projects in developing countries.
"Together, we've made a big difference for many causes. Did you know that about 4,500 kids die each day from waterborne diseases  ? By building clean water projects for villages that need them, we can prevent this! I want to make my birthday matter this year--- let's make it so more kids can grow up to have a 17thbirthday like me. Join me to make a change.
"I'm really so grateful for my family, friends and fans--- and I believe we can do something big to help bring clean water to people in need. Even if you don't have $17 to give I just ask you to go out in your community and try and make a positive difference. Even the smallest act of kindness can go a long way."
,.
The question is: What does this passage mainly want to tell us?
The possible answers are:
A:Introduce a famous star's birthday wish.
B:Tell us how people in other countries live without water.
C:Provide people some ways to prevent waterborne diseases.
D:Encourage everyone to do what they can to help others in need.Most Americans start to school at the age of five when they enter kindergarten . Children do not really study at this time. They only attend for half the day and learn what school  is like. Children attend elementary school for the next six years. They learn to read and write and work with numbers. They also study the world and its people. After they leave elementary school, children go to junior high school for three years and senior high school for another three years. This is called secondary education. In some places, the children go to elementary school for eight years and high school for four. In all, elementary and secondary education together take twelve years to complete excluding  kindergarten.
,. (2,10)
The question is: In elementary school they should stay there   _   .
The possible answers are:
A:for six years
B:for three years
C:for another three years
D:to study hardHere are some of the fastest animals in the animal world. Let me tell you that a man can run 20 to 25 miles an hour.
Heavy people can not run very fast. But some heavy animals can.Black rhinos are more than 3,500 pounds. They can run almost 30 miles an hour. Cheetahs are the fastest land animal over short distances .They can run over 70 miles an hour. But they get tired quickly and usually stop after a few minutes.Pronghorn antelopes are the fastest animals over long distances. They can run 35 miles an hour for many miles. Their top speed is more than 50 miles an hour.Ostriches can't fly, but they can run faster than other birds. They can run 43 miles an hour for a short distance. And can keep up a speed of more than 30 miles an hour over long distances.
The question is: Which is the best title for this passage?
The possible answers are:
A:The biggest birds.
B:What animal has the largest eggs.
C:The fastest animals.
D:The land mammal.sGenerally speaking, American food is not very thick in taste. Salads are much liked and are served all year round. Many Americans are trying to keep down their weight. This is shown in menus offering "low calorie " or "weight watchers" meals. In markets, one can find "No Cal" drinks (meaning without calories) such as cola.
Many Americans drink coffee or tea with their meal. If a waiter in an American restaurant asks "Now or later?", what he means is "Do you want coffee with your meal or later?" When eating out in the USA, we can ask for tea, milk, beer, and so on, if we prefer these to coffee. American restaurants cannot serve beer, wine, or liquor unless they are licensed to do so.
The main dish in American meals is usually meat, chicken or fish, but more than one of these is hardly served at the same meal.
Most Americans eat quickly during the day--that is, breakfast and lunch--unless it is a social, business, or family situation. The evening meal, however, is usually a family time. Racing through daytime meals is part of the "American pace" of life, for working hours are considered important.
The nationwide fast-food restaurants are suitable for the ways of American eating. The standard  products, of nearly the same price, are served quickly, and taste the same whether bought in New York City or in Los Angeles.
McDonald's is a popular restaurant. It offers many choices of hamburgers, French fries and "cokes". These foods are rich in fats, sugar and salt. Often, they are the major meal of the day of many young working people.
The question is: At the same meal, American people usually  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:have meat, chicken and fish together
B:have either meat or chicken or fish
C:drink a lot of beer, wine or liquor
D:sit down together around a tableHave you ever heard your own voice? "Of course," you say. Has anyone else ever heard your voice? Again you say, "Of course."But that's not quite true. Nobody else has ever heard your voice--the way you hear it. When you talk, you set up sound waves . The air outside your head carries the sound waves to your outer ears. But, of course, the sound of your voice begins inside your head. The bones  of your head pick up the sound waves, too. They carry the sound waves straight to your inner  ears. You get the sound from the outside and the inside too. Other people get just the sound waves from the outside. That's why they don't hear your voice the way you do.
The question is: When you talk, other people hear your voice   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:through the bones of your head
B:from the outside
C:from the inside
D:all of the aboveAlan worked in an office in the city. He worked very hard and really wanted to take a
holiday. He usually went to the seaside, but one day he saw an ad in a newspaper. "Enjoy
country life. Spend a few weeks at Willow Farm. Good food, fresh air, horse riding, walking,
fishing. Good prices ." "This sounds like a good idea," he thought. "I'll spend a month at
Willow Farm. I'll enjoy horse riding, walking and fishing. They'll make a change from sitting by
the seaside."
Four days later he returned home.
"What's wrong with Willow Farm?" his friend Jack asked him. "Didn't you enjoy country
life?"
"Country life was fine," Alan said, "but there was another problem ."
"Oh, what?"
"Well, the first day I was there a sheep died, and we had roast mutton   for dinner."
"Fresh meat is the best."
"I know, but on the second day a cow died, and we had roast beef for dinner."
"Lucky you!"
"You don't understand," Alan said. "On the third day a pig died and we had roast pork for
dinner." '
"A different roast every day," Jack said.
"Let me finish," Alan said, "on the fourth day the farmer died and I didn't dare to stay for
dinner!"
The question is: Where did Alan usually go to spend his holiday? He usually spent his holiday   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:by the seaside
B:in the country
C:in the mountains
D:on an islandThere is no doubt that mothers play an important leading role in the lives of their children. But what about a father's role? I believe that fathers play just as important a role as mothers.
Fathers give us support. They are the shore we swim to when our arms and legs feel increasingly tired. They are the strength we rely on  as we take our first steps into the world. Fathers can be gentle and powerful, but they probably have the simplest love we ever know.
 _ , the father is their first hero and possibly the only man they will ever feel comfortable loving.
For daughters, the father is the first man they admire and the first man whose eyes shine with happiness when they look at them. He is the first man to fall in love with them.
For mothers, the father of our children is the person we can believe in to watch over the babies as closely as we would. We are protectedin the knowledge of their love. A father is the person on the planet with whom we can do whatever we want ... one who will be just as interested and never feel bored in the face of our devotion.
Without fathers, we wouldn't be mums. I would like to thank them from all our hearts for this honor and for being our partners in the business of raising children.
The question is: According to the passage, we can know that  _   .
The possible answers are:
A:fathers' love is different from mothers'
B:fathers are always simple and strong
C:fathers can look after their babies better
D:fathers are more important than mothersBill,a 13-year-old boy, thought he had grown up to be a man. But his parents told him, "You won't be a real man until you begin to think about helping others."
One moming, his parents gave him some money to buy some milk. Outside a shop he saw a homeless old~man who looked very sick. Bill went to him and asked. "what's wrong with you?"
The old man answered, "I'm hungry,I haven't had any food for two days".
"Let's go to the restaurant."
When they got there, Bill asked the waiter to bring out bread and coffee to the old man. The old man finished the meal quickly. Afier the waiter took away the plate and the cup, the old man said, "Sorry for giving you too much trouble. I'm fine now. I'Il never forget your kindness! You're a very good young man."
Bill was happy when he heard this. Just when he wanted to pay for the meal, the waiter came.To their surprise, Bill and the old man leamed that their food was free because it was the birthday of the boss, and they were the first customers that day.
The question is: How old was Bill?
The possible answers are:
A:Eleven.
B:Twelve.
C:Thirteen.
D:Fourteen.When you meet someone for the first time, you will get a general idea in your mind of that person in the first moment. Your feelings about other people, however, are really just show the way that you look at yourself. Your reactions to others say more about you than they do about others. You cannot really love or hate about yourself. We are usually drawn to those who are most like us and may dislike those who have the same characters as ourselves that we dislike.
Therefore, you can allow others to be the mirror to see more clearly your own feelings of self-worth. And, you can view the people you judge negatively   as mirrors to show you what you are not accepting about yourself.
To live peacefully with others, you will need to learn patience. A big challenge is to let your judgment of others be a lifelong research of yourself. Your task is to consider all the decisions and judgments you make onto others carefully and to begin to see whether you can use them to help yourself and become whole.
Several days ago I had a business lunch with a man who showed _ table manners. My first feeling was to judge him as rude. When I noticed that I was judging him, I stopped and asked myself what I was feeling. I discovered that I was nervous to be seen with someone who was eating with his mouth open and loudly blowing his nose. I was very surprised to find how much I cared about how the other people in the restaurant judged me.
Remember that your judgment of someone will not serve as some kind of protective thing against you becoming like him. Just because I judge my lunch partner as rude, it does not prevent me from ever looking or acting like him. In the same way, my patience to him would not cause me to suddenly begin eating my food with my mouth open.
When you get close to life in this manner, those with whom you hate very much as well as those whom you admire and love can be seen as mirrors, guiding you to discover parts of yourself that you dislike and to embrace your greatest characters you are proud of.
The question is: In the writer's opinion, when we judge others, we are really   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:treating them in a polite way
B:showing what we ourselves are
C:guiding ourselves to know them
D:telling them what they should doFOR people who are interested in space, nothing is more exciting than the idea of living on other planets. That might be why the movie The Martian (<<>> ) is so popular. It shows an astronaut struggling to live on Mars. But would it actually be possible to live on the Red Planet?
While the idea of living on Mars is great, the reality does not look as good. Mars does not have a friendly atmosphere for humans. There is very little oxygen there. And because of its distance from the sun, it is also very cold. The temperature on Mars can be -62 degrees on average. This is much too cold for humans.
However, scientists say it might be possible to live there even without a good atmosphere. Daytime on Mars is almost the same as Earth's. It means there's enough sunlight to grow plants inside safe buildings. However, they would have to grow in soil from Earth. Mars does not have a strong enough atmosphere to stop the radiation coming from space, which makes it dangerous to grow things in the soil.
The radiation is also bad for our health. If we want to live there healthily, we need to build our homes under the ground or within the rocks on the planet. This would protect humans from the radiation and also some heat.
When could we actually live on Mars? NASA is hoping to make some progress within the next 20 years.
The question is: Which of the following about Mars is NOT true?
The possible answers are:
A:Its atmosphere is not good for humans.
B:It has very little oxygen.
C:It's colder than Earth.
D:It's closer to the sun than Earth is.Mrs. King is an American doctor. She is now in China. She works in a Children's Hospital in Beijing. She is also learning Chinese medicine  there. She likes Chinese medicine very much. She loves working for children. She works hard in the day and reads English books on  Chinese medicine at night. She learns Chinese from the Chinese doctors and her Chinese friends. Now she can speak some Chinese. She can read some Chinese books, too.
Her husband Mr. King is a teacher. He teaches English in a junior high school in Beijing. He works hard, too. He works from Monday to Friday. He teaches three classes every day. Sometimes, on Saturdays and Sundays, he teaches other English classes. He wants to make more money .
The question is: Both of the Kings   _   .
The possible answers are:
A:live in America
B:live in Shanghai
C:work hard
D:work every dayFish and chips, and Chinese take-away food are very popular in England. But they are _ in the USA. In the USA, they eat take-away food, too, like chicken. But the most popular kind of take-away food is the hamburger. It looks like bread with meat in it. Ham is a kind of pork---- but the hamburger does not have any pork in it. It has beef in it. The beef is inside a kind of cake. Hamburgers are delicious. They are very popular in the USA. They are also popular in England and Australia.
The question is: Fish and chips are very popular   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:in England
B:in Australia
C:in the USA
D:in ChinaGary and Gavin were twin brothers who worked in a department store owned by their father. After their father had passed away, they took over the store. Everything went well until the day a twenty-dollar bill disappeared. Gary had left the bill on the cash register. But when he returned, the money was gone.
Gary then asked his brother Gavin, "Did you see that twenty-dollar bill on the cash register?" Gavin said that he had not. But Gary did not let it go and kept questioning. "Twenty-dollar bills can't get up and walk away by themselves! Surely you must have seen it." There was accusation in Gary's voice. Tempers began to rise and anger grew. "I said I didn't see it!" Gavin raised his voice.
The quarrel divided the young men and they could no longer work together. Later, a wall was built in the center of the store. For twenty years, they never said a word to each other.
One day, a strange man came to the store. He walked in and asked Gary, "How long have you been here?" Gary replied that he'd been there all his life. "Then you are the person I'm looking for, since I must tell you the truth," the customer said emotionally. "Twenty years ago, I was totally _ and hungry. I entered this store from the back door and saw a twenty-dollar bill on the cash register. And I took it. All these years I hadn't been able to forget that. I had to come back and ask for your forgiveness ."
The stranger felt very surprised when seeing tears come to the eyes of the middle-aged man in front of him. "Would you please go next door and tell the same story to the man in the store?" Gary asked. Then something surprised the stranger even more --- after hearing his story, the two middle-aged men hugged each other and cried together in the front of the wall of the store.
After twenty years, the wall of anger that set them apart finally came down.
The question is: After the twin's father died, the department store was managed by   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:Gary
B:Gavin
C:the twins
D:a strangerHave you ever heard of e-waste(electric waste,), which can be produced every day? How do you deal with your computers, MP4 players and mobile phones when they're broken or you want a new one?
Most people just throw them away. With the development of electric industry, e-waste pollution has become a serious problem. According to the United Nations, in 2014, people around the world produced 41.8 million tons of e-waste and only recycled 6.5 million tons. The US was the biggest waster, producing 7.1 million tons. China came second, with 6 million tons.
It's important to pay attention to e-waste. It can either be valuable or harmful , depending on how we deal with it. E-waste is a valuable urban mine . The value of the metals, like gold and silver in the waste around the world, is amazing. And the metals can be reused. But if people throw them away, the toxic chemicals  can get into the earth or air, effecting the environment and people's health.
Apple, for example, now recycle people's used products in China when they are buying new ones. The company will test and repair the used ones and sell them at lower prices. To help reduce e-waste, we can also take computers and phones to see if companies offer recycling programs.
The question is: Which country produced most e-waste last year according to the United Nations?
The possible answers are:
A:America
B:China.
C:Japan
D:AustraliaOn April 20th,2013, a big earthquake hit Ya'an, Sichuan. Nearly 200 people died. Many people were hurt. Why do earthquakes happen?
The surface  of the earth has many pieces. These pieces are always moving. When two pieces move past each other, there is an earthquake.
Scientists are working hard to find out more about earthquakes. They try to predict  them, but it's very hard.
Do you know how to get ready for an earthquake? Do you know what to do during an earthquake? Here are some things you should know.
What to do before an earthquake
Make sure you have two bottles of water, a packet of biscuits, a clean towel , a few band-aids , a radio and a flashlight at home.
What to do during an earthquake
If you are inside:
Stay where you are. Quickly move under a strong desk, or along a wall. This will protect you from falling things.
Don't stand near windows.
Turn off the lights.
Don't get into a lift during an earthquake. If you are in a lift, get out quickly.
If you are outside:
Don't stand near buildings. Things may fall on you.
Lie on the ground until the shaking stops.
The question is: You must protect yourself in an earthquake by  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:lying on the ground
B:turning on the lights
C:standing near the windows
D:getting into a liftHere are some easy tips for getting to sleep. They can help you deal with tension, stress and anxiety, and enjoy a good night sleep. Not every one of these tips alone will get you to sleep, but a few of them at least should be useful.
Get some physical exercise during the day. Even 15 minutes a day of exercise (at least half an hour before going to bed, so your body will have a chance to slow down) will give your body the activity and oxygen  it needs to help you relax more and sleep better.
Listen to the light music. Play some soft, smooth music that help you sleep. Of course you must have a recorder or CD player that will automatically  turn off because if you get up and turn it off in the end, it'll lose its effect.
Drink warm milk. A glass of warm milk 15 minutes before going to bed will keep you calm.
Keep regular bedtime hours. Your body likes regular routines ,.It likes to know that it's going to get up at the same time each day, eat at the same time, and go to bed at the same time. Keep far away from caffeine, alcohol and tobacco. Before you go to sleep, you'd better not drink coffee or cola which has caffeine. Don't drink wine, beer or champagne which has alcohol and don't smoke.
Don't watch TV or read before going to bed. Wait at least half an hour before going to bed after reading or watching TV.
The question is: If you choose to use the method of listening to music, the writer advises us   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:not to listen to soft music
B:not to make the record or CD player lose its effect
C:to have a record or CD player that will turn off by itself
D:not to listen to smooth musicIs this your pen?Call Lydia at 224-3638.
Lost:
My computer game.My name is David.Call 44-2697.
Mitchell,
Is that your backpack in the lost and found case?
Liza
Found:ID card.Is this your ID card? Call Ely at 52993.
The question is: I lost my ID card ,I should call
The possible answers are:
A:Lydia
B:Liza
C:529903
D:44-2697On a hot summer day, ice-cold watermelons serve up a delicious treat. Sure, the rosy flesh   quenches your thirst  . But now there are more reasons than ever for people to reach for a slice of watermelon.
Meet Dr Alison Edwards. She is a scientist at the Agricultural Research Service. Scientists are people who come up with new ideas called theories  . They usually do scientific research to test their new theories. That's how they find out if a new idea is a good one, or if the new idea will bring an even better idea.
At her lab, Dr Edwards recently learned more about the secrets of why watermelons are good for you!
Dr Edwards has known for a long time that watermelons have vitamin C. But recently she learned that watermelons also have lycopene  . It is something that gives tomatoes and watermelons their rosy red colour.
What's so special about the lycopene in watermelons?
Dr Edwards says that watermelons and tomatoes both have lots of lycopene. It seems that your body can use the lycopene from watermelons more easily than the lycopene from raw   tomatoes. In fact, the lycopene from tomatoes is more easily absorbed   inside your body once they have been cooked.
The question is: Lycopene is something that gives tomatoes and watermelons their  _  colour.
The possible answers are:
A:red
B:green
C:black
D:yellowInterested in soccer?
Join us now!
King's School is organizing a soccer camp for children aged 12-15. Join us for 5 days of fun when you learn to play this exciting sport!
When
13-17 January, 2014 (Monday to Friday)
3:00 p.m --5:00 p.m
Where
City Sports Hall
267 State Street
Cost  
$ 10 each
Our special service:
Players from the National Soccer Team will be your coaches   for the 5 days of camp!
After the camp, you will be able to:
* understand the rules of the game
* carry the ball with your feet
* pass the ball to other players using your feet
* kick  the ball towards the goal 
Please come in comfortable clothes and sports shoes.
For more information, please call us at 01159515092, or e-mail us at kssoccercamp@hotmail.com.uk.
The question is: Which of the following seems to be the most attractive  to children?
The possible answers are:
A:The camp lasts for 5 days.
B:The coaches are national cocker players.
C:The camp doesn't cost much.
D:The camp is organized by King's SchoolMr. Perkin did not like to be different from other people, so he always tried to wear the same clothes, eat the same food, and do the same things after work as others.
One day Mr. Perkin stood at the bus-stop. As he watched the cars go by, he noticed that many of them were new Beta 400s and most of them were yellow.
The following week, Mr. Perkin bought a new bright yellow Beta 400s. He was very pleased with it, and drove to work in it the next day. He was even more pleased with his new car, when he saw all the other Beta 400s, in front, behind, and on both sides of him.
Mr. Perkin parked his car near his office, and walked the rest of the way. But when he came back at five o'clock, there were so many bright yellow Beta 400s that Mr. Perkin didn't know which car was his. He tried his key in some of the cars, but people gave him a strange look which he didn't like, so he stopped.
Poor Mr. Perkin had to wait nearly two hours until there was only one yellow Beta 400S left.
The question is: _  , so he bought a new bright yellow car.
The possible answers are:
A:Mr. Perkin hated his car to be the same as others.
B:Mr. Perkin liked his car to be the same as others
C:Mr. Perkin wanted his car to be different from others
D:Mr. Perkin liked driving a carHow to Be a Better Student
Maybe you are a common student. You probably think you will never be a top student. This is not necessary so, however. Anyone can become a better student if he or she wants to. Here's how:
Plan your time carefully. When you plan your week, you should make a list of things that you have to do. After making this list, you should make a schedule of your time. First set your time for eating, sleeping, dressing, etc. Then decide a good, regular time for studying. Don't forget to set aside enough time for entertainment. A weekly schedule may not solve all your problems, but it will force you to realize what is happening to your time.
Find a good place to study. Look around the house for a good study area. Keep this space, which may be a desk or simply a corner of your room, free of everything but study materials. No games, radios, or television! When you sit down to study, concentrate on the subject.
Make good use of your time in class. Take advantage of class time to listen to everything the teachers say. Really listening in class means less work later. Taking notes will help you remember what the teacher says.
Study regularly. When you get home from school, go over your notes, review the important points that your teacher is going to discuss the next day, read that material. This will help you understand the next class. If you do these things regularly, the material will become more meaningful, and you will remember it longer.
Develop a good attitude about tests. The purpose of a test is to show what you have learned about a subject. They help you remember your new knowledge. The world won't end if you don't pass a test, so don't be over worried.
There are other methods that might help you with your studying. You will probably discover them after you have tried these.
The question is: How can we remember what the teacher says?
The possible answers are:
A:By taking notes in class.
B:By concentrating on the subject.
C:By listening to everything.
D:By discussing with your classmates.I do not need a calendar to tell me when it is winter. All I need is my nose. When I wake up in the morning and smell the tasty treats my mom is cooking downstairs, I know winter has arrived.
The first one is the smell of chocolate. During the holiday season (from Thanksgiving to New Year's Day) my mother makes her special hot chocolate. She always adds a peppermint candy cane   to the drink and tops it with cream.
The hot chocolate gets me out of bed, but it is my mother's chocolate fudge   that makes me run downstairs. It is a thick chunk   of chocolate that tastes like heaven. My mother adds nuts. That gives it more texture  .
But my mother isn't done yet. She also makes a treat she calls "window panes  ". She takes a few different colored marshmallows   and melts them together with chocolate. The final product looks like a colorful church window, so we call it "window panes".
These tasty holiday treats are usually eaten after a meal as a dessert. But don't tell Santa Claus because I secretly eat them all day long.
The question is: The "window panes" the author mentions refer to   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:special hot chocolate drink
B:decorations on the window
C:chocolate cake with fruits on it
D:a mixture of marshmallows and chocolateThere is a saying that the British like a nice cup of tea in the morning and a nice cup of tea at night. And at half past seven, their idea of heaven is a nice cup of tea. They like a nice cup of tea with their dinner and a nice cup of tea time, and before they go to bed, there is a lot to be said about a nice cup of tea!
Sometime it seems that no one likes tea as much as the British does. But in fact, tea is liked in countries around the world. In China and Japan tea was first used as a medicine, many years later, people there drank tea as a beverage .
People in the world like to drink different kinds of tea -- green, black or red as some people call it. It is served in different ways. But they all know that drinking tea is good for one's health.
The question is: The sentence "there is a lot to be said about a nice cup of tea" means   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:they enjoy drinking a nice cup of tea
B:there is a lot of tea
C:they talk much about a nice cup of tea
D:there is a talk while drinking teaAn artist went to a beautiful place of the country for a holiday, and stayed with a farmer. Every day he went out and painted from morning to evening. When it got dark, he came back to the farm and had a good dinner before he went to bed.
At the end of his holiday he wanted to pay the farmer, but the farmer said, "No, I don't want money but give me one of your pictures. What is money? In a week it will all be finished, but your painting will be here."
The artist was very pleased and thanked the farmer for saying such kind words. The farmer smiled and said, "I have a son in London. He wants to become an artist. When he comes here next month, I will show him your picture, and then he will not want to be an artist any more, I believe."
The question is: The farmer   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:was a foolish man
B:didn't want his son to be a painter
C:liked the artist's picture very much
D:couldn't pay for his son about his paintingsOnce upon a time there lived two brothers named Jacob and William in Germany. They liked to listen to old stories and then write them down. So they had enough stories to make a book. You can guess the name of the book! It is Grimms' Fairy Tales.
The story of this little book began when the brothers were still in school. And it started with a good teacher. The teacher liked to find out how things happened. Soon the two brothers were doing the same thing. They asked questions and then looked for answers.
Among the questions the brothers asked, "Who made up the old fairy tales? Who first told about Cinderella ? Why made up the story of the Snow White and the story of Sleeping Beauty?"They found that no one knew the answers to such questions. The tales were made up in very early times. Most of them were made up in the days before people knew how to write. People told the stories to one another and to their children. But only a few old people still remembered them.
"When old people die, the stories will die with them," said the brothers. "We must write down all the stories we can find."
Jacob and William hunted for stories for five years. At last they had 89 tales written. Just before Christmas in 1812, the first book was published.
People love the book! They asked more fairy tales. So Grimms put tales into two more books. In all, they collected 210 stories to put into their books.
The question is: The two brothers wrote down all the stories because   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:their teacher asked them to do so
B:their parents asked them to do so
C:they liked all stories very much.
D:they didn't want to the stories to die with the old peopleI had the unkindest mother in the whole world.While other kids ate candy for breakfast.I had to have cereal and eggs.When others had Cokes and candy for lunch,I had to eat a sandwich.But at least I wasn't alone.My sister and two brothers had the same unkind mother as I did.
My mother knew where we were at all times.She knew who our friends were.We had to clean clothes and take a bath every day.We had to be in bed by 9:00 p.m.and up at 8:00 a.m. We couldn't sleep till noon like our friends.So while they slept,our mother gave us work to do.We had to wash dishes,make our beds and learn to cook.I believe she lay awake at night thinking up unkind things for us to do.
Through the years,things didn't improve a bit.We could not lie in bed "sick" like our friends did in order to miss school.
My mother was the unkindest mother.Out of four children,a couple of us went on to higher education.None of us have ever done bad things.She forced us to grow up into educated and honest people.I am trying to raise my three children like this.I will feel proud when my children call me unkind.Because you see,I am thankful that I had the unkindest mother in the whole world.
The question is: What does the sentence "But at least I wasn't alone" mean ?
The possible answers are:
A:The writer's mother was only unkind to her.
B:The writer,s mother liked her best.
C:The writer's sister and brothers were unkind to her as well.
D:The writer's mother was also unkind to her sister and brothers.Tom walked into a shop. It had a sign outside:" Second-hand clothes bought and sold. " He was carrying an old pair of trousers and asked the owner of the shop." How much will you give me for these?" The man looked at them and then said, "Two dollars ." "What!" said Tom. "I had guessed they were worth(...) at least five."
"No," said the man, "they aren't worth a cent more than two dollars."
"Well," said Tom. Taking two dollars out of his pocket, "Here's your money. These trousers were hanging outside your shop. The list price of them was six dollars and a half. But I thought that was too much money, so I wanted to find out how much they were really worth. "
Before the shop owner could think of anything, Tom walked out of the shop with the pair of trousers.
The question is: At first the owner of the shop thought that Tom   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:Was trying to fool him
B:was trying to steal the trousers
C:wanted to sell the trousers
D:wanted to buy the trousersThere are two deaf men in the small village.One is Mr. Brown and the other is Mr. Green.They live near to each other.They are good friends.
They often talk together.They talk about all kinds of things.Sometimes they are worried about their hearing.But one thinks the other is deafer.
One day,Mr. Brown comes to Mr. Green's house.Mr. Green is sitting in a chair.He is having a rest.Mr. Brown stops at the door and asks,"Can you hear me?" There is no answer.Mr. Brown goes near and asks again,"Can you hear me?" Again he doesn't hear any answer.Mr. Brown is quite pleased.Still he goes nearer and asks for the third time,still there is no answer.At last,Mr. Brown goes up to Mr. Green and says,"Now I know you are much deafer than me.You don't hear my questions.""I am much deafer?" says Mr. Green,"No,I answered you three times,but you didn't hear my answer."
The question is: They often talk about   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:some interesting things
B:happy things
C:their hearing
D:all kinds of thingsIt's September, and we're back to school. It's good to see all my teachers and friends again. They all look fine.
We are in Grade Eight this year. We are going to have some new subjects. My name is Wu Ming. Wei Fang and I are in the same class. I'm not very good at Chinese, but Wei Fang says she's going to help me. I think I can do better than last year.
I like English very much. This year I'm going to do more speaking. Zhang Hong also likes English, but he needs some help. I'm going to help him.
This term I'm going to work for the wall-newspaper. My classmates say I draw well. I like it, too. I'm going to do my best this year.
The question is: This is a new term. Students are all   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:at home
B:in the class
C:in the open air
D:at schoolThere was once a farmer. He lived near a road. It was not a busy road, but from time to time, cars passed the farm.
Near the farm gate, there was a large hole in the road. This road was always full of water, and the drivers of the cars could not see how deep the hole was. They thought it was not deep.
Then when they drove into the hole, they could not drive out because it was too deep.
The farmer did not spend much time working on his farm. He spent most of it watching the hole.
When a car drove into it, he pulled the car out with his tractor  and the driver gave him a lot of money for doing this.
One day, the driver of a car said to him, "You must make a lot of money by pulling cars out of this hole night and day."
"Oh, no," the farmer said. "I don't pull cars out of the hole at night. At night I fill  the hole with water."
The question is: The farmer   _   at night.
The possible answers are:
A:pulled cars out of the hole in the road
B:filled the hole with water
C:laughed at the drivers of the cars
D:worked on his farmIt was the end-of-year party. I had asked my mother to make us cookies. Mom's chocolate chips were the best.
But two o'clock passed, and there was no sign of her. Most of the other mothers had come and gone, dropping off their cakes and chips. The party went on, but I wouldn't leave the window. The three o'clock bell soon took me away from my thoughts . I took my bag and walked out for home.
The house was empty when I arrived. My heart was filled with anger . For the first time in my life, my mother had _ . I was lying on my bed when I heard her coming. "Robbie," she called out. "Where are you?" She was looking for me from room to room, but I kept silent.
When she came into my room, I didn't move, "I'm so sorry," she said. "I got busy and forgot." She began to laugh. I couldn't believe it. I turned over and found that she wasn't laughing but crying. "I'm so sorry. I let my boy down." she cried like a little girl. I had never seen my mother cry.
"It's OK, Mom," I said, "We didn't need those cookies. There was plenty of food to eat. Don't cry. It's all right." We held each other in a long hug .
The question is: I lay down on my bed and kept silent because I was   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:tired
B:angry
C:hungry
D:excitedMany people don't think that the number 13 is a lucky number. Many hotels do not have a 13th floor. The floors go from 12 to 14, and there is no number13. Some people will never sit at a table with 12 other people. They will tell someone to go or ask another person to sit with them.
No one really knows why people do not like the number 13. Perhaps one reason is that when people began to count, they used ten fingers and two hands. This made 12. They could not count more.
Some Christians   say that 13 is not lucky because there were 13 people at a meal the day before Jesus   was killed  . In a story about the old Greek   gods, 12 gods were asked to a meal but one more came. This made 13. It is why the god Balder, who was at the meal, was killed.
The question is: The story is about   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:the death of Jesus
B:the person who killed Balder
C:why 13 is not a lucky number
D:the way people count with their fingersThe shock of the recent earthquake in Pakistan has brought another shock: the rise of a small, mysterious island, coming out from the water.
In the aftershock of the earthquake, people living in Gawadar, near the southwest coast, began to see a strange sight. They looked out into the Arabian Sea and saw a mountain-like shape coming out of the water. "I could see this gray, dome-shaped   body in the distance, like a giant whale," Bahram Baloch, a local journalist, told the BBC. "Hundreds of people had gathered to watch it in disbelief  ."
So what happened? The earthquake measured 7.7 in magnitude  . The force was so strong that it moved the sea floor, releasing gas. This gas pushed the seabed, mostly rock and sand, upward and out of the water. This is how mud volcanoes   are formed. The island that measures about 20 meters high, 30 meters long and 90 meters wide is actually the tip of the mud volcano.
Is it safe? Although people have visited this new island, scientists have found dangerous gas coming from the newly formed island. "Our team found bubbles rising from the surface of the island, which caught fire when a match was lit," said Mohammad Danish, a scientist, to Universe Today.
These mud volcanoes are not rare. But it's striking because this one has popped up in a populated   area, and not far out in the sea. However, it's not expected to last very long. Most of these mud volcanoes are swept back under the sea within one year.
The question is: According to Mohammad Danish,   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:it is safe to visit mud volcanoes
B:it is a bad time to do research
C:gas from the newly formed island was dangerous
D:some places on the island were on fireJack drives a school bus.His bus is different from other school buses because it doesn't carry children.Jack's bus takes dogs to school in the morning and brings them home at night.Jack takes the dogs to "The Dog School".There four men teach the dogs to obey and protect their owners.All kinds of dogs go to the school--large dogs,small dogs,young dogs and old dogs Jack says that young dogs are the easiest to teach,but the old ones can learn,too.
Do you have a dog? Maybe it would like to go to "The Dog School".
The question is: Which kind of dogs are easy to teach?    _  .
The possible answers are:
A:Old dogs.
B:Young dogs.
C:Large dogs
D:Hot dogs.There are millions of people throughout the world who are either born blind or have become blind over the course of their lifetimes. It is unfair to take away the visual beauty of the world from these people. Doctor Humayun has created the world's first bionic eye that could change the life of every blind people in the world.
Doctor Mark Humayun is a well respected professor at the Doheny Eye Institute in California. He has been working for years on creating a bionic eye that would allow blind people to see images just like a normal person does. His idea of the bionic eye is actually an eye that has been built in a small video camera.
The test results show the bionic eye has given blind patients the amazing ability to see the scientists doing the tests. But the images are still blurry  and we need much work before the eye actually becomes a regular implant  into blind people. Humayun believes that he can go into production with the bionic eye over the next three to five years.
A closer look at the bionic eye is amazing. The patient wears a special set of eyeglasses. All the signals  are passed to the implanted eye. It's done by wireless technology. Humayun has created an invention that could change the lives of millions of people. Imagine a world in which someone would no longer fear about being blind. This could be considered a technological achievement.
The question is: Why is Doctor Mark Humayun well respected?
The possible answers are:
A:Because he has been working on a small video camera.
B:Because he is a professor of a famous university.
C:Because he invented a video camera for the blind.
D:Because he devoted himself to making the blind see again.Hong Kong has about 40 public  beaches.  Some of the beaches are among the best in the world. People can go there for a swim. You can go to most of them by bus. To go to some beaches, you must take a boat. There are toilets, changing rooms and places to buy food and drink on most of the beaches.
You will swim there without danger if you remember these instructions: 1. Never swim alone. 2. Never swim after a meal or when feel hungry or tired. 3. Do not stay in the water too long. 4. Never go out in a boat if you cannot swim.
Remember: A red flag   means that it is dangerous for anybody to go into the water. A blue flag means that it is dangerous for children.
The question is: The passage mainly tells us   _   in Hong Kong.
The possible answers are:
A:the public beaches and swimming
B:the danger of swimming
C:the best beaches
D:the difficulties to go swimmingThere are many different kinds of festivals around the worlD. Here are four of them.
Saint Patrick's Day in Ireland
Ireland is an island country.It's in the west of Europe.There are wide green fields.
Saint Patrick's Day is on 17th March.It's an important holiday in IrelanD. This holiday is to remember Saint Patrick.He did good things for the people of IrelanD.
During the holiday, there are parades and lots of green.You can see people in green clothes, and you can even see green buildings.
Red Wednesday in Iran
Red Wednesday is a fire jumping festival in Iran.It is on the eve   of the last Wednesday of the year.People jump over the fire.They hope that it will take all the bad things away.
The Winter Carnival in Canada
When winter comes, it's party time in Quebec City, CanadA. The Quebec Winter Carnival is all about outdoor fun.It starts from the first Sunday in February and lasts for 10 days.
One of the most popular activities is the dog sled race  .It has more than 30 teams and the race goes on for 6 kilometres.You can see happiness on every face.
The Desert   Festival in Tunisia
Tunisia is a very important country in North AfricA. Every year on the last Sunday in December, the Desert Festival is held in TunisiA. As "ships of the desert", camels are very important in the festival.There are camel racing and camel wrestling  .
The question is: When is the Desert Festival in Tunisia every year?
The possible answers are:
A:On the first Sunday in February.
B:On the last Sunday in December.
C:On the eve of the last Friday of the year.
D:On the eve of the last Wednesday of the year.Liu Hong is from China. She is a nice girl. Her eyes are big and her mouth is small. She has a big family . Her father   is Liu Jie. And her mother's  name is Deng Hua. They are very nice. Liu Hong has a sister and brother(,). Her sister is Liu Hui, and her brother is Liu Bin. Liu Hui has long hair and a round face. But Liu Bin has short curly hair and a long face. They are students.
, .
The question is: Who's Liu Hong's father?
The possible answers are:
A:Liu Hui
B:Liu Bin
C:Liu Jie
D:Liu HuaWhen did you last see a polar bear? On a trip to a zoo, perhaps? If you had attended a winter activity in New York a few years ago, you would have seen a whole polar bear club. These "Polar Bears" are people who meet frequently in winter to swim in freezing cold water. That day, air temperature was 3degC, and the water temperature was a bit higher. The members of the Polar Bear Club at Coney Island , New York are usually about the age of 60. Members must satisfy two requirements. First, they must get along well with everyone else in the group, this is very important because there are so many different kinds of people in the club. Polar Bears must also agree to swim outdoors at least twice a month from November through February.
Doctors do not agree about the medical effects of cold-water swimming. Some are worried about the dangers of a condition in which the body's temperature drops so low that finally the heart stops. Other doctors, however, point out that there is more danger of a heart attack during summer swimming because the difference between the air temperature and water temperature is much greater in summer than in winter.
The Polar Bears themselves are satisfied with the benefits(or advantages) of cold-water swimming. They say that their favorite form of exercise is very good for the circulatory system  because it forces the blood to move fast to keep the body warm. Cold-water swimmers usually turn bright red after a few minutes in the water. A person who turns blue probably has a very poor circulatory system and should not try cold-water swimming.
The main benefits(or advantages) of cold-water swimming are probably mental . The Polar Bears love to swim year-round; they find it fun and relaxing. As one 70-year-old woman says,"When I go into the water, I pour my troubles into the ocean and let them float away ."
The question is: The Polar Bears like to swim all the year round, for   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:they can remain young
B:it is an easy way to keep the body warm in winter
C:they find it enjoyable and interesting
D:they might meet fewer troubles in lifeWelcome to Our School Library
Our Library is in the south of our school. The Library is open to every student and the library card is free. You can borrow five books, one CD and four videos --three weeks for books, one week for CDs and videos at the same time.
BOOKS
1. You can borrow picture books for children and all kinds of story books
2. You can enjoy newspapers and magazines in the reading room.
3. You can't take any newspapers or magazines out of the library
VIDEO
1.  You can borrow all kinds of video films, TV plays and music videos.
2.  You can't watch videos here.
AUDIO
, You can borrow music audios and language  audios.
, You can enjoy listening in the special rooms here.
The question is: You can borrow   _   at a time.
The possible answers are:
A:only one video
B:two CDs
C:five books
D:six booksDear World,
My son starts school today. It's going to be strange and new to him for some time. And I wish you would treat him gently.
You see, up to now, he has been king of his own room. He has been boss of the backyard. I have always been around to treat his wounds, and to comfort his feelings.
But now things are going to be different. This morning, he's going to walk down the front steps, wave his hand and start his life.
So, World, I wish you would take him by the little hand and teach him the things he will have to know. Teach him there are heroes, leaders and friends in this world. Give him quiet time to think over the mystery of birds in the sky, bees in the sun, and flowers on the green hill.
Teach him to believe in his own ideas, even if everyone else tells him he is wrong.
Teach him to stand and fight if he thinks he is right.
Teach him never to put a price on his heart and spirit.
Teach him gently, World, but don't love him too much, because only the test of fire makes fine steel. This is a big order, World, and see what you can do. He's such a little fellow.
The question is: The writer wishes her son  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:to treat others gently
B:not to feel strange at school
C:to develop some good habits
D:to be better than other children at schoolA friend of mine named Paul received an expensive car from his brother as a Christmas present. On Christmas Eve when Paul came out of his office, a street urchin   was walking around the shining car. "Is this your car, sir?" he asked.
Paul answered, "Yes, my brother gave it to me for Christmas." The boy was surprised, "You mean your brother gave it to you and it did cost you nothing? Sir, I wish..." He hesitated . Paul thought of course he knew what the boy wanted, but what the boy said surprised him greatly. "I wish, " the boy went on, "that I could be a brother like that. " Paul looked at the boy in surprise, and then he said again, "Would you like to take a ride in my car?" "Oh yes, I'd love to." The boy answered.
After a short ride, the boy turned with his eyes shining and said, "Sir, would you mind driving in front of my house?"
Paul smiled a little. He thought he know what the boy wanted, He wanted to show his neighbors that he could ride home in a big car. But Paul was wrong again. "Will you stop where those two steps are?" the boy asked.
He ran up to the steps. Then in a short while Paul heard him coming back, but he was not coming fast. He Was carrying his little crippled   brother. He sat down on the step and pointed to the car.
"There he is, Buddy, just like I told you upstairs. His brother gave it to him for Christmas and it didn't cost him a cent . And some day I'm going to give you one just like it... then you can see for yourself all the nice things in the Christmas window- that I've been trying to tell you about."
Paul got out and lifted the boy to the front seat of his car. The shining-eyed elder brother climbed in beside him and the three began an unforgettable holiday ride.[:Zxxk.Com]
The question is: The street urchin was very surprised when   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:he met Paul
B:Paul told him about the car
C:Paul received an expensive car
D:he was walking around the carIf you go to visit London,you will see a lot of buses and cars on the road,you will also see a lot of bikes because more people travel by bike.Why?
There are a lot of reasons for this.First,it's very cheap to buy a bike,and riding bikes is quick, too.You often need to wait for a bus for half an hour.When the bus comes,there are so many other buses and cars on the roads so the bus moves very slowly.The underground  train is quick but very expensive.
I travel to work by bus for about four years.I often arrive at work late and feel tired.Then one day , a friend of mine says, "I go to work by bike,why don't we travel together?""Because my bike's old,"I answer,"and there are so many buses and cars on the road.I feel afraid...""Don't be afraid!"says my friend,"If you follow me and we ride slowly,you will be fine."
Two days later I buy a new bike.We go slowly, but we arrive at work quickly. I spend 40 minutes going by bus, but only half an hour by bike! Now I love riding a bike. And I feel healthy. Many people think my idea is good and maybe you'll see more bikes on the road in the future.
Many people think in the same way as I do.That's why you see a lot of bikes on the road.Who knows,perhaps in the future we'll have roads for bicycles only.I hope so!
The question is: Which is NOT mentioned  about the good things of riding a bike in the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:we can have more time.
B:we don't need to pay much money.
C:we can keep healthy.
D:we can keep the air clean.Reading is very important. World Book Day falls on April 23 every year. It encourages people, especially teenagers, to discover the pleasure of reading. It is also the day to honor   great writers.
Many countries celebrate   World Book Day. On that day, millions of school children can buy books at a much lower price than usual in any bookstore in England. It has been done every year since 1998. World Book Day is also celebrated in China. Wen Jiabao, Premier of China, is an avid reader. He does lots of reading every day though he is very busy. On World Book Day 2009, he called on   people to do more reading. Wen suggested that young people should spend more time reading. "Books can not change the world, but people can change the world by changing themselves through reading," he said.
Reading helps us become more knowledgeable and smarter. Reading helps us to follow the latest developments of science and technology  . Reading gives us information about other cultures and places in the world. Reading is also one of the most important ways to learn a foreign language like English. We all know that it is difficult to learn everything in the classroom, for example, the ways English people are living and working today can be learnt by reading.
Books, magazines, newspapers and other kinds of reading materials can help us to know more about the outside world. Therefore, it is necessary for us to spend time reading every day.
The question is: An avid reader is a person who   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:loves reading
B:never reads
C:does some reading
D:hates readingTraveling is very interesting. Many people love traveling. There are many ways to travel: by plane, by train, by ship or by car. Everyone has their favorite way.
Greg:My favorite way of traveling is by car. I can bring my pet dog along. I can travel three hundred miles or only fifty miles a day. I can stop at a good restaurant to enjoy a good meal or at a hotel to spend the night.
Eliza:I love traveling by train best! It's very exciting. I traveled most of Europe in 5 months by train. It's the best way to talk with the local   people and make new friends on the way. Trains make even the longest trip enjoyable. The train ride to me is just like a big moving party.
I also like traveling by ship. It is a very great way to spend a vacation. I can go to parties and movies on the ship, and enjoy the blue sky and water.
Danny:Planes are my favorite. It's the fastest way of traveling. I can quickly get to another country. Planes have very comfortable seats. I can have something to drink and to eat. I can also read some free magazines and newspapers.
.
The question is: Danny likes traveling by plane because   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:his home is near the airport
B:he can make new friends
C:he can quickly get to another country.
D:he can sleep on the plane.Jane  09:45:10
Hi, Jim. Nice to meet you!
I'm a girl. My name is Jane Green. My favorite   color is red. I have a red bike. My bike number is 67582. My telephone number is 873-3516.
Jim 09:46:05
Hi, Jane . Nice to meet you, too!
I'm a boy. My name's Jim Hand. My favorite color is blue. I have a blue car.  My car number is ZA9Z78. And my telephone number is 894-2015.
The question is: The two kids   are on line     _  .
The possible answers are:
A:in the morning
B:in the afternoon
C:in the evening
D:at nightThe air plant has wonderful and amazing features. It takes in moisture from the air through its leaves.Although it is seen growing on another object or plant to support itself.
To prevent the roots from being too wet,avoid  planting it in soil. Keep the roots in a well--ventilated environment. Air plants can grow well hanging from fishing lines. They can also be hung from seashells, teacups or even on wood.
Water the air plant once in a while. Simply let the water fall from the roots. The roots will take in the water for the air plant. The air plant can live between 0degCdeg and 51 degC. It does not need to be in the light all the time. However, sunlight(morning and evening only)helps it to reproduce faster. When it flowers,it turns a colorful pink, red or orange.At most 8 young plants can grow from the air plant.When these grow to half the size of the parent plant, simply pull them away gently from the parent plant and plant them in another place.
The lifespan of an air plant _ the care it gets and the environment it is placed in. Generally, all air plant can live for many years.
Because they are so beautiful and easy to take care of, air plants are excellent as birthday gifts or housewarming gifts.
The question is: Morning sunlight can help the air plant   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:become drier
B:produce young plants faster
C:turn into different colors
D:become half the size of the parent plantNew Zealand is beautiful no matter what time of the year or season you visit. The best time to visit New Zealand is the time that suits you best. The weather in New Zealand is fine all year round. However, if you have more than one date in mind, the following information may help with your travel plans.
The warmest months of the year are from September to April. December, January and February are the three hottest months of the year. It is summer. The long summer days are wonderful for water sports.
Spring is from September to November. It can be hot, warm or cool. The weather is quite different. That depends on the places you visit. You can travel to Alexandra in Central Otago and Hastings in Hawk's Bay.
Autumn is from March to May. It is a pleasant season in New Zealand. The temperature is a few degrees lower than that of summer.
The winter season runs from June to August. The mountainous areas are covered with snow during winter and there is a little rainfall in some places. This is a good time for skiing.
The question is: Which sport is suitable in December and January in New Zealand?
The possible answers are:
A:Going skating.
B:Playing soccer.
C:Going swimming.
D:Going skateboarding.If babies are given more love and feelings by their mothers, they will deal better with stress and anxiety when they grow up , research has shown.
The study of eight-month-old children shows even the very earliest life experiences can influence our happiness.
Lots of mother love makes children form a safe bond with their mothers , so they are able to feel safe in relationships when they grow up ,and they will have better social skills and deal with life's difficulties.
The researchers,  led by Dr.Joanna Maselko of Duke University in North Carolina,  studied the relationships of 482 eight--month - old  babies with their mothers during daily development.
They studied how well the mother had dealt with her child's developmental text and how she had responded child's performance.Mental health was then assessed when the babies had grown up - at the average of 34.
The more feelings and attention a mother gave to her child, the better her child would be. This kind of child had the lowest levels of anxiety, hostility and general difficulties.
The question is: Which can be the best title for this text?
The possible answers are:
A:Mother love is important to children
B:Children need love
C:Love children
D:Love is importantMy name is Peter. I was born in Paris. When I was three, my family moved to London. We stayed there for one year then my dad had to move to New York. We spent about two years there. I moved to Shanghai last May and I like the new country very much.
I study at an international school in Shanghai. There are people from nearly all parts of the world. I like my school very much and I can learn many things. I love learning Chinese and keep practising it with my classmates. After school, my favourite sport is football. I like drawing and painting, too.
Shanghai has four seasons and I like spring best here, because I can go out in the evening and play with my friends. In my hometown, the summers are hotter than Shanghai but the winters are not so cold as they are here.
Shanghai is like a small world where all kinds of people and food can be seen. I like being part of it and I am very happy to stay here.
The question is: What does Peter like doing best after school?
The possible answers are:
A:Playing football.
B:Drawing.
C:Painting.
D:Doing his homework.Your daughter has finally reached the age of 18, and you think perhaps your job will finally get a little easier. That could be wrong thinking - as the parent of any 18-year-old will tell you.  Learning to _ an ungrateful 18-year-old daughter takes patience, understanding and time.
 _  When she was a little girl, she wanted you to be involved  in everything of her life from her daily activities to her friends. This is' no longer the case. She's a grown woman who needs her own personal life. Comment  on her choices only when asked to do so - especially if you want to say no to her.
Allow her to make mistakes. No parent wants to see his or her child fall, but the days of protecting her all the time are at an end. Unless  you see a train coming, let her fall when she makes poor choices. It will enable her to grow past the ungrateful "know it all" stage.
Encourage dialogue whenever you can, rather than planning talks. She's more likely to open up to you when talking over something trivial  . Anytime she wants to talk, become a willing listener in the conversation. You never know when a deeper, more important conversation will develop.
The question is: The passage is written for  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:daughters
B:students
C:parents
D:femalesIt's important for us to be healthy. But how can we keep healthy?  First,you should eat fruit and vegetables  three or four times a week. Then eat some tofu every day because it's good for people, both the young and the old. Milk is also necessary ,especially for  women. So you should have milk twice a day. It can help  you to be strong. Next, doing more exercise is better. You can do morning exercises or evening exercises. After supper you should take a walk.
The question is: The passage mainly tells us  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:how to keep healthy
B:what health is
C:why health is important
D:how often you can eat tofuShanghai is a nice city. The weather here is mild  , that is, it is neither too hot nor too cold. It changes from season to season. Now many tall buildings have been set up one after another. But at the same time, the city is full of people. As a result, the traffic is terrible. Traffic jams   happen during the rush  hours. If you want to go to a place far away, the fastest way is neither driving, nor riding a bike. It is often walking! The policemen in Shanghai are very helpful. Visitors can ask them for help if they lose their way or lose something. But when you disobey  the traffic rules, they will be very strict with you. A lot of people in Shanghai can speak English. Travellers from English speaking countries feel at home here. Welcome to Shanghai.
The question is: The policemen in Shanghai are always ready to   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:disobey
B:work
C:talk
D:helpMy favorite physicist   is Qian Xuesen. He was born in Shanghai on December 11, 1911. He was a little fat and of medium height. And his eyes were wise. He liked music, art and science  .
He studied the important implementation   plan for the Chinese rocket   and the missile  . He worked very hard for our country. I liked him very much.
Qian Xuesen had famous words: I am very tiny  . It is the Chinese people that are truly great!
Qian Xuesen died on October 31, 2009. I'm very sad to hear the news, and Chinese people are the same as me. He is our hero. We should learn from him and I think I won't forget the great scientist for ever.
The question is: Which of the following sentence is NOT true?
The possible answers are:
A:Qian Xuesen was born in Beijing.
B:Qian Xuesen died on October 31, 2009.
C:Chinese people are sad about Qian Xuesen's death  .
D:Qian Xuesen was too fat.There is a big zoo in our city. There are lots of different animals in it. There are some scary tigers and lions. They like eating meat and they eat much meat every day.
There are also two big elephants and a baby one. Children like to ride them. The elephants are very kind and friendly. They eat much grass and bananas.
In the zoo, we can also see different kinds of bears----brown bears, black bears and white bears. They are all slow and clumsy. They stand on their back legs and lift their front legs to ask for food. They like cakes very much.
Do you like pandas? There's only one in the zoo. Her name is Lingling, she is very cute. She likes eating bamboo a lot. She is kind of shy. She is very interesting and lovely.
The question is: How many elephants are there in the zoo?
The possible answers are:
A:One.
B:Two.
C:Three.
D:Four.Nowadays many young people want to make money by making video games. Creating a good game often needs a lot of game developers. The graphic   designers, the programmers, writing and music are all important to the final product.
With the development of the Internet, _ games become more and more popular. In the past, if people wanted to play games together, they had to be in the same place. But now people in different cities, countries or even living on opposite sides of the world can play computer games together.
Some people think video games are good. Playing games makes them very happy. Others think video games are bad. Some children spend a lot of time playing games, so they have little time to do sports. Playing games may cause the overexposure to violence.
The question is: What is the best title for the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:the Internet
B:Computers
C:New technology
D:Video gamesMarco Polo was from Venice, Italy. In 1271, at age 17, Marco went on a trip with his father and uncle to China. Today people often travel to different places around the world. But it was very hard for people from Europe to visit China then. After three and a half years, the Polos reached China on 1275.
While he was there, Marco Polo worked  for Kublai Khan, the emperor of China. He was able to learn and experience many things that were new to Europeans. In his diary, he wrote, "Kublai Khan's palace is the greatest I've ever seen. The streets of the new capital. Daidu, are so straight and so wide." Paper money also took him by surprise, since it was not yet in use in the West at that time. Homes were heated with "black stones... which burn like wood." These stones were coal, and most of the Europeans knew little about it then.
After 17 years in China, Marco and his family finally returned to Venice in 1292. After he returned home, Marco completed a book about his trip, full of facts about his wonderful experiences in China.
The question is: The Polos finally got to China in  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:1271
B:1275
C:1288
D:1292If a snake bites you, take a photo with your mobile phone! It may save your life. This is the surprising advice of a British cook.
One day Henry Jackson was working in a restaurant kitchen. He picked up a dish from the table, and suddenly a snake appeared... and bit him on the hand.
A few days earlier, the snake came to the restaurant from Asia in a box of bananas. It climbed out of the box and hid under the dish.
"I went to try to pick it up and it bit me again. I threw it across the kitchen, and it landed in the fridge. So I closed the door," Mr. Jackson said.
Anyway, Mr. Jackson stayed cool and he took a photo of the snake with his mobile phone. Soon his hand began to ache and he went to hospital. Then his chest began to hurt. Doctors couldn't say what was wrong because they didn't know what kind of snake it was.
Then Mr. Jackson remembered his mobile phone photo. The doctors sent it to London Zoo. When they knew the kind of snake, they could give Mr. Jackson the right medicine, and he left hospital the next day.
"So my advice is this: if a snake bites you, pick up your phone. Take its photo first and then show the photo to the doctors," suggests Mr. Jackson. "Oh, and if the snake doesn't smile for its photo, don't worry."
The question is: It can be inferred from the passage that  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:it is fun to take photos for snakes
B:the snake is from London Zoo
C:Jackson has a mobile phone with a camera
D:Jackson was a customer of the restaurantOur new neighbours are the Browns. They have two children, a boy and a girl. The boy is Jack and the girl is Alice. Jack is 11, and he is one year older than me. Alice and my sister Nancy are 8 years old.
At weekends, Nancy and I like to go to play with Alice and Jack. Both Jack and I really enjoy playing computer games. Sometimes the girls join us, but the games they enjoy are different from the ones we like.
There is a big park near our house. Sometimes, when the weather is fine, the four of us will go for bike rides there. We often stop at the huge playground to have some fun. Jack and I like to play basketball, but the girls prefer to sing and dance.
Our families often have dinner together. On some days, they come over to our house and on other days, we go over to theirs. Mr Brown and his wife cook really well.
Nancy and I are very glad to have the Browns next door. It's great to have friends living so near.
The question is: Who are the writer's new neighbours?
The possible answers are:
A:A family of three.
B:The Browns.
C:Jack and Nancy.
D:Alice and Nancy.A boy who was cleaning shoes in the street said to a young man passing by, "Let me clean your shoes." The young man said, "No, thank you." "You may pay me only a pound, sir," said the boy. But the young man refused  again. Then the boy told him that he would clean his shoes for nothing. The young man agreed to this, and soon one of his shoes was shining brightly. The man put the other shoe on the boy, but the boy refused to clean it unless  he was paid two pounds for his work. The young man refused to pay anything and went away. But the dirty one looked so bad that he couldn't walk away. He had to turn back and gave the boy two pounds. In a very short time his shoes shone brightly.
The question is: The boy was a shoe   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:cleaner
B:maker
C:repairer
D:sellerOn the way back from work every evening, more often than not there would be a homeless man standing at the exit of the freeway  . He looked to be in his late 40s but was probably a lot younger. He had shoulder length straight black hair and a short beard.
Every day after work I would remember to gather any spare change, and put it aside to give to him if I saw him. A feeling of joy would come over me every time I saw him, while coming off the ramp  . So did he. Sometimes the red light would be on for a minute and we would ask each other about our day. His answer would always be the same, "I'm blessed!"
Then one day I was called into my boss's office and was told that I was being laid off. For the rest of that day all I could think of was "how am I going to provide for my kids as a mother, how am I going to pay rent?"
Needless to say that on my way home that day I was very sad and upset. I didn't remember to look for my spare change and keep it ready like I usually did. Yet there he was as always, as I turned the ramp. He set his eyes on me, while still smiling and waving at others as usual.
While I was waiting for the red light to turn, he strolled   over to my car. He had a big smile. He looked at me straight in the eyes and said, "Today I will give you a dollar." He then reached into his pocket and pulled out a dollar bill.
You see that day he taught me a valuable lesson more than a dollar bill. No matter what material things are taken from you, no one can take away your choice to be joyful. Every time I'm faced with challenges, I think of the homeless man's valuable lesson and remember that I am blessed.
The question is: The writer learned from the story that  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:a dollar bill will be enough to make you happy
B:each of us has been blessed all the time
C:whenever it is, we should choose to help others
D:it is more than money that brings us happinessJane was not a good student. Her head was in the clouds  most of the time. She wanted to listen in class, but other things seemed more important: her clothes, her hairstyle, films and television. Many times she tried to work hard at her lessons, but soon she became absent-minded.
One day, her math teacher gave the class an important lesson and told her students that there would be a test the next week. She helped them review all the week. Jane seemed to listen in class, but her mind went away again.
The day of the test arrived. Jane couldn't answer many of the questions on the exam. Mike, a very hard-working student, sat next to Jane. So Jane decided to copy his. Mike was very angry when he found Jane was copying his answers. He changed all his answers so that they were not right. Before the bell rang, Mike quickly changed his answers back into right ones. After the test, Mike turned to Jane and said, " All those answers you copied from my paper are wrong."
The question is: Jane couldn't answer many of the questions on the exam because   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:her mind was not in the study most of the time
B:she was not clever.
C:she always slept in class.
D:she didn't know how to studyThere is an elephant and a monkey. They're friends. But one day they want to know who is stronger. One of them says, "Who can get apples over there, who is stronger."
There is a river over there. The monkey says, "I can't swim." The elephant says, "I can swim. Please sit on my back." They go across the river. The apple trees are very tall. The elephant can't reach the apples. The monkey climbs up the tree and gets many apples.
Now they know they should help each other.
The question is: _   can't swim.
The possible answers are:
A:The elephant
B:The monkey
C:The big animals
D:The small animalsIt was a Monday morning. As the teacher walked into the classroom, he heard a low voice , "Here's the teacher. I'm sure this boring fellow is going to talk about how to use commas ."It was a boy's voice and the teacher knew who he was.
However, the teacher didn't get angry. He said nothing about it, but really began to talk about how to use commas And then he wrote the following sentence on the blackboard, "Nick says the teacher is a boring fellow."
The class laughed and Nick's face turned red.
"Now," said the teacher, "I'11 tell you the importance of commas." He put two commas in the sentence, and then read, "Nick, says the teacher, is a boring fellow."
The whole class laughed again. Nick felt very surprised first, then his face much redder. Finally he couldn't help  laughing with the other students, too.
The question is: "Nick says the teacher is a boring fellow."is   _  "Nick, says the teacher, is a boring fellow." in the meaning.
The possible answers are:
A:the same as
B:a kind of different from
C:quite different from
D:All aboveOn Thursday a new boy came into the classroom. He didn't have any uniform on. Just trousers, a jacket and a shirt. Tom could see that the boy wasn't quite comfortable. He had a plastic   bag with exercise books, pens, pencils, rulers and erasers in it. The boy stood at the blackboard. Mrs. Brown talked to the boy, and then she said, "Boys and girls, this is Peter. He is your new classmate. Peter is your age. I hope you'll get on well with each other. Peter will spend a lot of time together with you."Mrs Brown asked Peter to sit next to Tom at the desk near the window.
The students had math after that and Tom could see that Peter was not bad at it. He counted   well. It was not difficult for him at all. Then Mrs. Brown said," It is half past twelve. It's time to have lunch. "Peter joined Tom and went to wash his hands. Then the boys sat down on the floor and started to open their lunch bags. Tom opened his bag and put his hand in it. He took out an old brown apple, some old cheese and some fish from dinner."Oh, no!" cried Tom." This is rubbish. I have the wrong bag. I took the rubbish bag and left my lunch bag at home. I have only rubbish for lunch today." The other children laughed and laughed. Then Peter said," I have two eggs. Why don't you have one? I don't need two. And would you like some bread?" Tom smiled," Thanks. It's very kind of you."
The question is: What is the passage mainly about?
The possible answers are:
A:Tom's favorite teacher.
B:Tom's new classmate.
C:Tom's math class.
D:Tom's lunch.At 9 a.m. on October 15, 2003, our country launched   its first manned   space-ship, Shenzhou V, into space at Jiuquan Satellite Launch Center in Gansu Province. It took Yang Liwei and his spaceship about 21 hours to circle the earth 14 times. Yang Liwei is China's first astronaut. He comes from Liaoning Province, and he has been an air force pilot  since 1983. He was chosen from 14 pilots after many difficult tests.
The life of an astronaut is hard to imagine for many people. To put on a space suit takes 15 minutes with the help of others. Sleeping in space is not easy, either. He has to sleep in a special sleeping bag on the wall because there is no gravity. Yang can eat chicken and rice. It's especially made to eat in space but it doesn't taste nice.
"I'm feeling very good in space, and it looks wonderful here," said Yang, "I have looked at our beautiful earth and I have recorded all that I have seen here."
China has become the third country in the world to send a person into space after the former Soviet Union  and the United States. China is now planning its next launch. Shenzhou VI will be into space within(......) the next years, it may take three astronauts. We are all proud of our motherland.
The question is: Yang Liwei is from   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:Liaoning
B:Gansu
C:Jining
D:Inner MongoliaEverything has a name.All people,places,and things have names.For example,Jenny is the name of a student from England.England is the name of a country.Cities and towns have names,too.Schools and office buildings also have names.For example,tomato,potato and bean are names of vegetables.Apple,orange,and banana are names of fruit.Names are important.We use names every day.When we meet a new person,we usually ask,"What's your name?"It's important to learn a person's name.Most people have two names.Some people have more names.Names are different all over the world.In Jenny's class.Jenny must learn the names of the students from all over the world.This is very difficult because the names are very different.
In the United States,most people have a first name,a middle name and a last name.Parents choose the first and middle names for their babies.There are names for boys and names for girls.The last name is the family name.Usually it is the father's family name.In a family,the mother, the father, and the children usually have the same last name.
Sometimes a person has a _ ,too.A nickname is a special name.It's not a person's real name.Abraham Lincoln's nickname was"Honest Abe".An honest person always tells the truth,and Abe is short for Abraham.Because he was an honest person.his nickname was Honest Abe.Pele is a nickname,too.The football player's real name is Edison Aeraesde Nascimento,but everyone calls him Pele.Do you have a nickname?
Names are different all over the world.They can be long or short.but they are always very important
The question is: Usually the last name is  _   family name.
The possible answers are:
A:the father's
B:the mother's
C:the grandmother's
D:The teacher'sJames and his wife went to Beijing Restaurant for dinner at 7:00 pm. On April 1st, 2005, while they were eating, a waitress came to tell them that the two men at the next table were film-makers and that they would like to have a talk with James.
James agreed. One man came to sit down next to him and said that they were making a film named "The Magic Gloves." The story was like "Harry Potter" and they were looking for an actor to play a magician. They would like to invite James to have a try.
James was excited, "Many people think I look like Patrick Steward." However, as he was going to leave China in 3 days, he wanted to try out after dinner. The man agreed.
At 9:00 pm, when James asked for the bill so that he could go with the film-makers, the manager of Beijing Restaurant said sorry to him with a smile, "It's April Fool's Day joke! Your meal is free. Thank you."
James completely forgot about it but when he found that he was fooled, he didn't leave at once. The waitress asked him if he needed some help. James said, "I was fooled once. I'm afraid the meal is not free. I am waiting for the bill to see if it is another joke."
The question is: When the manager came to tell him the truth, James  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:was angry that he had been fooled
B:was pleased that he had been given a free meal
C:was still not sure if they were playing another joke on him
D:decided to wait for another free mealJim is my good friend. We are in the same school. He is an American. We are good friends. This is Jim's bedroom. It's not big, but new. A black desk is in the room. Some English books are on the desk. Jim's backpack is on it. The backpack is yellow, but old. What's under the red chair? It's a white cat. It's a Chinese cat. Its name is Mimi. Jim's father is in the living room. He is about fifty years old. Where is his mother? She is in the bedroom. She is a teacher.
The question is: Jim's backpack is   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:old
B:new
C:in the desk
D:under the deskSome Advice on Traval
NO.1. Forget Fashion !Always wear your most comfortable clothes when going on long journeys.
NO.2. Traveling on trains and buses can be boring. So take a good book to read.
NO.3. If you're going somewhere cold, remember your warm clothes.
NO.4. Or, if you are going somewhere sunny, remember to wear sun block  and sunglasses.
NO.5. Always take a camera with you to capture  those special moments.
NO.6. Be careful with your things whenever you go to busy places, like a train station. There are often thieves there.
NO.7. Always leave room in your bag for buying presents.
NO.8. Most countries have lower prices for students. So if you have one, take your student card with you and save money.
NO.9. Bus tours often stop at expensive shops along the way, save your money by buying presents at local shops.
NO.10. If you travel abroad, remember to take your _ Whatever you don't lose it!
The question is: According to the passage,  _   is a good way to keep away from boredom  while you are on a train or a bus.
The possible answers are:
A:taking a camera
B:reading a good book
C:listening to music
D:sleeping for some timeHave you ever seen a horse with toes ?Millions of years ago, horses had many toes. They had four toes on each front foot. They had three toes on each back foot. The horses were no bigger than the cats.These small horses lived in the forest. The toes helped the horses run on the soft, wet ground.
At first, it was very hot in the forest. But the weather changed. It became very cold. Many trees could not live in cold weather. The trees died and fell. Open fields took the place of forests. The sun made the ground dry and hard.
Horsed began to change, too. They began to get bigger. This took a long time. On the dry, hard land, horses needed only their middle toes for running. Their middle toes became hard. After a long time, horses had only one hard toe on each foot. Now we call this hard toe a
The question is: How many toes did a horse have millions of years ago?
The possible answers are:
A:14
B:12
C:16
D:13"Homestay is a form of study abroad program. It allows the visitor to rent a room from a local   family to better understand the local lifestyle. It also helps to improve the visitor's language ability,"said a teacher during a school meeting last term. "Students who wish to learn more about foreign cultures or to get foreign experience should join this kind of holiday. I am sure you won't be disappointed  ."
After this special meeting,I always thought about this kind of holiday. Last month,I had a chance at last to go on such a holiday with some of my schoolmates and we went to London,a place where I had wanted to go since years ago.
As we were still young,we had a group leader who planned things for us and looked after us. After we got to London,we went to stay with different families. I was lucky that my host family   was a white couple who had a daughter about my age. They treated me as a daughter of their family during my stay there. They were interested in me and I learnt a lot of things from them,too.
The holiday was filled with activities every day. After breakfast,a local teacher would come to take us in his car. Then we would have classes or go on a sightseeing trip to different places of interest like the Big Ben,the London Bridge,and the Buckingham Palace. We would go back to our own homes after the activities.
The holiday was a valuable experience for me. I enjoyed every minute of it. Yet,time really flew fast. Three weeks later,we had to leave "home" for Hong Kong.
The question is: The writer's host family   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:was interested in her activities
B:went sightseeing with her
C:had two white daughters
D:was very kind to herThe First Lady's Travel Journal: Touring the Forbidden City
March 21, 2014
After visiting the Beijing Normal School, Madame Peng took Sasha and Malia, my mother, and me to the Forbidden City, which is right in the heart of Beijing.
For more than 2,000 years (up until 1912), China was ruled by emperors who descended   from many different dynasties, or families, who passed ruling positions on from generation to generation -- and for nearly 500 years, the Forbidden City used as the emperor's home.
Like the name suggests, the Forbidden City is large enough to be a city of its own -- it includes nearly 1,000 buildings and nearly 10,000 rooms.
In 1925, the new Chinese government turned the Forbidden City into a museum so that visitors like us from all over the world can stroll   through many of the beautiful rooms and outdoor spaces.
The Forbidden City is too large to fully experience in a single visit, but the following: The Hall of Union and Peace has almost 14,000 ornamental dragons. The Hall of Supreme Harmony is where the emperor   [:]watched birthday celebrations and coronation   ceremonies from his Dragon Throne . And then there are the Imperial Gardens, where you can walk along the paths and pavilions, admiring the beautiful rock arrangements, flowers and cypress trees.
While we loved our visit to the Forbidden City, we only wish we had more time to see everything. But then again, I'm not sure there could ever be enough time to fully enjoy all of the art and history in this wonderful place.
The question is: According to the passage, we can infer  that   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:They had enough time to visit every room
B:The Forbidden City was used as a museum till 1925
C:The first lady enjoyed all of the art and history in this wonderful place
D:There are more than 1,000 buildings and less than 10,000 roomsMr Brown was going away for a week. Before he left, he said to his son, "if anyone asks for me, you can tell him that your father has been out for doing something, and will be back in a week, then be sure to ask him to sit down for a cup of tea."
"OK, Dad," said his son. But he was afraid his son couldn't remember this, he wrote these words down on a piece of paper and gave it to him. His son put it into his small pocket, took it out and looked at it every now and then.   Four days passed, but no one came to see his father. The boy thought that there was no man to come and that the piece of paper was of no more use for him, so he burnt it that evening
The next afternoon, someone knocked at the door. The boy opened it. A man was standing at the door and said, "Where is your father?" The boy put his hand into his pocket at once and looked for the piece of paper. He could not find it. He suddenly remembered he had burnt it, so he shouted, "No more."   The man was very surprised. He asked, "No more? I met your father last week. When did it happen?"   "Burnt yesterday evening."
The question is: A man came to visit the boy's father on   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:the second day
B:the third day
C:the fourth day
D:the fifth dayLast Saturday night Jenny was walking through a mall in London , texting on her phone. She wasn't watching where she was going , so she fell into a sewer   and got trapped. Luckily she didn't hurt badly. She quickly climbed out and walked away. But her accident was caught on a mall camera. Then someone posted it on YouTube. The video was viewed almost 2 million times and received national attention. Jenny was angry with this, but she learned a deep lesson: Texting while walking is dangerous. This time I just fell into a sewer. Next time I didn't know what would happen. Maybe I would be knocked down by a car or something else. It was horrible.
Jenny may be famous for her mistake. After that, she was laughed at by her friends and workmates. She _ what she had done. But it was too late. However, she wasn't the only one who got into trouble while texting on the phone. In 2008, more than 1000 Englishmen visited hospital for similar reasons. They were walking and texting or talking on the phone. Suddenly a wall appeared! Or a hole or something like that got in the way. There were cuts, bumps, broken bones and even worse result happened on them.
So we must be careful when we are walking. Don't send messages or talk with somebody on the phone while walking. Or you may hurt yourself and become another Jenny in the future.
The question is: What's the best title of this passage?
The possible answers are:
A:An Unforgettable Lesson
B:A Horrible Accident
C:Texting on the Phone While Walking
D:Don't Send Message While WalkingMany animals hide to stay alive. They hide in many ways. Some animals hide in leaves; some animals hide in snow. Usually their colors or shapes help protect them. It's hard to see an Arctic bear in snow. Its white fur helps protect it. Chameleons  can hide by changing colors. Their skin turns the same color as what is around them. Some chameleons can change colors in five minutes.
Many animals try to look bigger than they are to stay alive. Some animals can make other animals think they are very big. If they look very big, animals that are looking for food will run away. Bears can walk on two legs. They look very, very scary. Some animals will run away from them.
Many animals try to stay around other animals. This helps them stay alive. Zebras stay close together so that they can help each other look out of danger. Seeing many stripes at once can also confuse animals that want to eat them. Some birds stay in a circle, each toward a different direction. In this way they can also help each other stay alive by looking around for animals that many want to eat one of them.
The question is: Why do animals hide ?
The possible answers are:
A:Because they like to play hide-and-seek.
B:Because they are shy.
C:Because they want to catch other.
D:Because they want to protect themselves.Five years ago, Rachel Lopez graduated from college with a degree in history. Today she works for a large software company. Now twenty-seven, Rachel takes classes twice a week after work. She is learning to use the computer program PowerPoint. "I enjoyed college, but my job doesn't use information I learned when I was doing my degree," Rachel says," This course is helping me to do my job better. In the future, I might go back to school and got an MBA. "
In the past, when students graduated from college and got a job, they usually stopped studying. Today, lifelong learning is becoming more common. In the United Stated, people can return to school in their late twenties, thirties, or older to get a higher degree, such as a master's or Ph. D. Like Rachel many more are taking training courses to improve their workplace skills. With many classes now available through the Internet, it is easier for people to get degrees or training by distance learning.
Mayumi Hosoya, who is forty, teaches Japanese at a community college in New York. "Next term, I'll be teaching some of my classes using the Internet. This is new for me," says Mayumi, "At the moment, I am taking a course to learn how to teach this way. " At the same time, Mayumi's seventy-year-old mother and father are taking a distance learning course in Art History. "We love the subject," says Mayumi's father, "and now we can study with people from all over the world. I never thought learning could be this much fun. "
The question is: The reading is maily about  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:Rachel Lopez's studying and working experience.
B:the education in the United States
C:people's life in New York.
D:lifelong learning becoming more common.Hello! My name is Zhao Na. I'm nine years old. I am in Rizhao Middle School in Shangdong. My English name is Julia. I like  green. My telephone number is 1238-6517. I have a good friend. She is English. Her name is Helen Smith. Her Chinese name is Wang Min. She is ten years old. She likes red. Her phone number is 2816-3018. Helen and I are in the same school.
The question is: Wang Min is a(n)   _   girl.
The possible answers are:
A:Chinese
B:English
C:American
D:JapaneseHelen Keller lived in the U.S.A. She was a great woman. When Helen Keller was a baby, she got very sick. After many weeks, the doctor said, "She is better, but now she can't see and she can't hear." Her mother and father were very sad.
After a few years, things got worse. There was no way for Helen to speak to other people. She heard nothing. She saw nothing. She didn't understand anything.
Then one day a teacher came to live with Helen and her family. The teacher helped Helen learn about words. Helen was a bright child and soon she learned to spell her first word. When she was older, she went to college.
Helen was very famous. She helped many blind and deaf people. She traveled around the world and helped many people.
Helen was a very old woman when she died. The world remembers her today as a brave and wonderful person. She was blind and deaf, but she found a way to see and hear.
,.
The question is: _   taught Helen Keller her first word.
The possible answers are:
A:Her mother
B:Her teacher
C:Her father
D:The doctorWhen William Stidger taught at Boston University, he once thought about the people he hadn't thanked in his life. They taught him, encouraged him or cared a lot about him.
One was a teacher. She once taught William geography, and William loved geography all his life. So he wrote a letter of thanks to her.
He got the teacher's letter later. It began, "My dear Willie." He was very happy. Now over 50, he didn't think someone would call him "Willie". Here is that letter.
My dear Willie,
I can't tell you how much your letter meant to me. I am in my eighties, living alone in a small room and cooking my own meals. You will be interested to know that I taught school for 50 years and yours is the first letter of appreciation I ever got. It came on a cold morning and it made me feel very warm.
...
William cried when he read the letter. She was one of the people that William hadn't thanked in his past. She helped him to believe in himself. He would never forget her.
There are some people we should always remember, because they helped to shape our life. William Stidger found a way to show his appreciation--he wrote them letters.
Who are some of the people that you need to say thank you to in your past? It may not be too late to say "Thanks".
The question is: The teacher   _  when William was young.
The possible answers are:
A:got her first letter of appreciation
B:helped him to believe in himself
C:encouraged him to be active
D:made friends with himLike schools in China, American schools begin in September after a long summer vacation. There are two terms in a school year. The first term is from September to January and the second is from February to June. Usually American children begin to go to school when they are five years old. Most students are seventeen or eighteen years old when they finish high school.
But unlike middle school students in China, high school students in America take only four or five subjects each term. They usually go to the same classes every day and have homework for every class. After class they do all kinds of interesting things.
After high school, many students go to college. They may go to a small or a large one. They usually have to pay a lot for their higher education. So lots of students work after school to make money for their studies.
,:
The question is: Students only stay at school for about   _   years before they go to college.
The possible answers are:
A:five
B:six
C:twelve
D:fourteenHow are you and your family going to celebrate Earth Day? It's great day to get outside and ride a bike, but there are other ways you could spend the day. Here are four books. You can learn more about the earth and the animals that make the world a special place to live.
The Busy Beaver, by Nicholas Oldland
Beaver is very busy, and he doesn't always think carefully. As a result, he makes a mess of the forest and ends up in hospital. Finally, he realizes how careless he's been and decides to make things right when he returns to the forest.
Lessons from Mother Earth, by Elaine Mcleod
Five-year-old Tess is visiting her grandmother and, for the first time, she visits the garden. Along the way, Tess's grandmother tells her the rules of the garden, "You must always take good care of our garden. Never throw rubbish around. There is plenty for everyone to share if we don't destroy  the earth." The story is beautifully told as a caring conversation between a child and her grandmother.
Luz See the Light, by Claudia Davila
When Luz's community experiences a series of black-outs  , she quickly comes to understand the need to save energy and find other ways of doing things . With the help of her friends and neighbors, she creates a community garden and park that everyone can use. The book attracts many young readers.
The Lorax, by Dr. Seuss
A young boy learns of the role of the Lorax as protector of the trees, and how his home became polluted. The book contains memorable   of forestry conservation   .
The question is: What is the writer's purpose in writing this passage?
The possible answers are:
A:To provide some activities to Earth Day.
B:To offer some books to young children.
C:To tell readers how to write children's books.
D:To teach readers how to protect our environment.A video is very popular on the Internet these days. It's South Korean star PSY's Gangnam style <<style>>  video. He stands above Justin Bieber and becomes the most popular singer on YouTube.
In fact, the video sets the Guinness World Record in YouTube history. Gangnam Style was put onto the Internet on July 15,2012.What's catching the eyes in Gangnam style is PSY's special dance moves, funny horse riding poses and dancing in a towel. Many people may not understand the Korean language, they are still interested in the video
The video also has many different versions now. The song has topped the iTunes charts  in 31 countries, including the United States, United Kingdom, and Canada.
The song tells us the rich people's lifestyle in today's Gangnam Block, South Korea. Psy looks at here as Seoul's Beverly Hills.
The question is: What's catching the eyes the Gangnanm style?
The possible answers are:
A:His special voice
B:His fat body
C:His dance moves
D:His strange clothesOnce there was a rich man who lived with his wife and child. He loved the child so much that he sent him to Oxford for two or three years. At the end of the first year at the university, this young student came home. He wanted a change. And he also wanted to tell his parents about Oxford.
It happened one night when the father, the mother and the young student were sit- ting at supper. They had in front of them only two chickens. Just as they were about to begin eating, the father said, "My boy, I have spent a lot of money on you to send you to Oxford. Now I want to know what you have learned." The son smiled and said, "Father, I have studied a science which can _ that these two chickens on the plate are really three chickens." "Well," said the father, "This is something I would like very much to know." "There are two chickens on the plate," said the student. He took one of the chickens in his hand and said, "Here is one more; and one and two makes three. So here are three chickens." Then the father took one of the chickens to him-self, gave the other to his wife, and said,"I shall have one of the chickens myself, your mother will have another, and you can have the third for your supper and nothing else." The father kept his word and so the student went without his supper.
The question is: What did the Father ask his son at supper that night?
The possible answers are:
A:Whether he liked Oxford or not.
B:How he got along with his classmates.
C:What he had learned in the first year at the university.
D:The number of the money he had spent at the university.My mom isn't fancy like other moms.They wear fancy clothes and drive fancy cars.My mom wears her gardening clothes when she walks me to school.
When fancy moms laugh,their laughs sound soft and whispery.You can hear my mom's laugh from down the hall.I show her how to laugh quietly and she practices.But before long she starts laughing even harder than before.
At the talent show,my mom cheers loudly,"Bravo,everyone!Bravo!"instead of clapping politely the way fancy moms do.
For our class hike ,parents are invited.At breakfast I go over my rules for Mom,"Please don't whistle.Don't laugh loudly.No clapping.And stay in line."
The other moms show up wearing fancy jackets and sneakers.My mom wears cutoffs,a floppy straw hat,and her old hiking boots.
We hike along,all in a line.Soon Mom starts to whistle her hiking songs,She'll Be Coming Round the Mountain.I shake my head at her.She stops and whispers,"Oops.Sorry,Jane."
We keep hiking.Everything is perfect until...
Our teacher,Ms.Steele,stops and points,"A snake!"All the moms hold their kids hands and back up,except my mom."Watch out!It might be poisonous !"Ms.Steele says.
The other moms shuttle back some more.However,my mom steps forward and says,"Hmm.Let's see what kind it is.Nope,lt's not poisonous."
I shut my eyes.I know what's coming next.Mom makes a sudden attack."Got it!"she says.The other moms scream,not sounding fancy at all.
Kids gather around as Mom examines the snake."It's OK to touch,"she says.
Everyone's too scared,but I go first."snakes aren't slimy,"I tell them.Right away,others line up.A couple of the fancy moms come up to touch the snake's tail.
Later,Ms.Steele tells us to draw our favorite part of the hike.After a while,I look around quickly.Everyone's picture is of Mom and me with the snake.
As we hike back to the bus,I squeeze Mom's hand."I'm glad I didn't tell you my don't-catch-snakes rule."She smiles.But soon,she's whistling her hiking songs again!
I start to make her silent,then stop.Instead,I take a deep breath and sing out too.Everyone joins in,even the fancy moms.
The question is: Which can be the best title for the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:My Mom Isn't Fancy
B:Our Hike Isn't Perfect
C:An Unpleasant Talent Show
D:An Unforgettable ExperienceTony is Allen's classmate. One day,Tony comes to Allen's home. When he sees many books in Allen's study, he says to Allen, "Allen, you have so many good books. Can I borrow a book from you?" Allen doesn't want to lend   a book to his classmate and he says, "Why do you want to take my book home? You can read it here in my home. " Tony sees that his classmate is very selfish  , but he says nothing. The next day, Allen comes to Tony's house and says, "Tony, you have a good garden-knife. I want to work in my garden tomorrow. Can I use it for two days?" Tony answers, "Why do you want to take my garden-knife home? You can work with it in my garden. "
The question is: Tony is Allen's  _
The possible answers are:
A:father
B:teacher
C:neighbor
D:classmateSome people have a very poor sense of direction. Unluckily, I am one of them. I have visited a place many times but I may still get lost there the next time.
When I was a little girl, I never dared to ask strangers the way. And so I used to walk around in circles and hope that by chance I would get to the place I was going to.
Now, I am no longer too shy to ask people for directions, but I often receive helpless or even wrong information. So I try to avoid giving people wrong directions. If anyone ever asks me the way somewhere, I would say, "Sorry, I am a stranger here."
Once on my way to work I was stopped by a man. He asked me if I could tell him the way to the Friendship Building. I gave him my usual reply. But just as I walked on only a few steps. I realized that he had asked the way to my office building. However, I had no time to turn back and look for him. I was rushing to meet with someone at my office and I didn't want to keep him waiting.
When I just got to my office, the secretary  showed in the man who had asked me for directions. Imagine how _ I was and how surprised he was when we saw each other at the first sight.
The question is: The Friendship Building is the place where the writer   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:lives
B:studies
C:works
D:teachesMary was a 911 operator  in Los Angeles. One Thursday morning, she was surprised to get a call from a young child who said, "Mom is ill, Mom is ill", again and again. Mary hurried to find the address of the call. She called the police. In a minute, the policemen and doctors arrived at the house. They broke the door open, and they couldn't believe their eyes. The little child was so young that maybe she could not walk! She was sitting beside her mother and holding her mother's hand. Tears  were running down her face.
The doctor gave the woman some medicine and soon she woke up. Later, she told people , "Everyone was surprised that my daughter could call 911. One Monday I tried to teach her how to call 911." "It's the first time I've seen a two-year-old child call 911."
The question is: How old was the little girl?  _  -
The possible answers are:
A:Only two.
B:She was nine.
C:She was five.
D:She couldn't walk, so she must be less one.Mr. Lewis was a dance teacher. He was a nice man and always had a lot of students. One year he moved to a new town, and was soon teaching many students in the dance school there, but he decided to move again to a big city. He would have more work there.
When one of his students heard that he was going to leave, she said to him, "The new teacher won't be as good as you are." Mr. Lewis was happy when he heard this, but he said, "Oh no. I'm sure he'll be as good as I am ---- or even better." The student said, "No. Five teachers have come and gone while I've been here, and each new one was worse than the last."
The question is: Before Mr. Lewis  _  teachers came to the town to teach dancing
The possible answers are:
A:three
B:four
C:five
D:sixThere are many wetlands in China and some of them are the world's important wetlands. The Chinese Yellow Sea Wetlands are among them. They are in Yancheng, Jiangsu Province, the east of China. They are homes for many different kinds of birds and animals. The world's largest Milu Deer Nature Reserve is in them. More than 700 milu deer live freely there. There are not many red-crowned cranes in the world, but every winter you can see some in the Red-Crowned Cranes Nature Reserve in the Yellow Sea Wetlands.
The temperature in the wetlands is usually neither too high nor too low. There is a lot of rain and sunshine, too. They are really good places for wildlife. Offering food and home for some special kinds of animals and birds is not the only reason why we need to protect wetlands. Wetlands are important because they also prevent flood. But some people want to change the wetlands to make more space for farms and buildings. This means there will be less and less space for wildlife.
Luckily, more and more people are beginning to realize the importance of wetlands and wildlife. Every year, on February 2, people hold many activities to tell more about wetlands.
The question is: Which is the best title for the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:China's wetlands have all entered the world's list
B:Wetlands--home for wildlife and humans
C:Special animals in the Chinese Yellow Sea Wetlands
D:Wetlands--valuable resources of land on the earthMy grandparents have two sons and one daughter. They are my uncle, my aunt and my father. My uncle, Peter, is a doctor. He likes fish and chicken a lot. He has a son and two daughters. I like playing with them. My aunt, Mary, is a teacher. She teaches in No. 5 High School. All the students there love her. My father, Thomas, is a driver. My mother is a doctor. She likes fish and hamburgers very much. I have a sister, Rose. She is 8 years old. Her favorite food is fish. I love my family very much.
The question is: _   are both  doctors.
The possible answers are:
A:Rose's mother and Peter
B:Peter my Mary
C:Thomas and Peter's mother
D:Rose's grandparentsAll living things on the earth need other living things to live.Nothing lives alone.Most animals must live in a group,and even a plant grows close together with others of the same kind.Sometimes one living thing kills another,or one eats and the other is eaten.One kind of life eats another kind of life in order to live,and together they form a food chain .All food chains begin with the sun,and all food chain become broken up if one of them disappears.
All life needs sunlight to live on.But only plants can use sunlight directly.Plants are"factories".They make food from sunlight,water and things in the soil and air.
Plants feed all other living things.Animals can only use the sun's energy after it has been changed into food by plants.Some animals feed directly on plants,and others eat smaller animals.Meat-eating animals are only eating plants indirectly.
What about human beings?We are members of any food chain.We eat rice,vegetables,fruits and so on.We also eat meat.But men often break up the food chain.They kill wild animals.They also make rivers,lakes and seas dirty.When these rivers,lakes and seas are polluted,the fish in them cannot be eaten.If men eat the fish,they will get strange diseases.
Each form of life is linked to all others.Breaking the links puts all life in danger.
The question is: Food chains suggest that  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:every life needs food
B:plants are very important
C:no living thing can live alone
D:1iving things need different foodOnce upon a time, there was a poor man. One day, after working for hours, he had a rest under a tree in the middle of the field. Just then, he saw a terrible snake coming out of an anthill . The man thought that the snake might be the god of the field. He did not give it anything, so he could not get anything from the field.
At once he went to bring a bowl of milk and offered the milk to the snake. "God of the field! I didn't know that you live here. That's why I never gave you anything. Please _ me. " Then he went home.
The next day, when the man came, he found a gold coin in the bowl near the anthill. From then on, the man gave milk to the snake and found gold coins.
One day the man was so busy that he couldn't send milk to the snake. So he asked his son to take care of the snake. The son brought milk to the anthill and gave it to the snake. The next day, when he came back, he found a gold coin in the bowl. After taking the gold coin, he thought, "This anthill must be full of gold coins. I would kill the snake and take them all."
The next day, the son came to the field with milk and a stick. He gave the milk to the snake and hit it with the stick. The snake escaped the stick and bit the boy to death.
The question is: The son died because  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:the snake didn't offer him any gold coins
B:his father was too busy to take care of him
C:he didn't give the snake any milk.
D:he wanted to get all the snake's gold coins.Many overseas Chinese make their kids learn the Chinese language because they don't want them to lose their mother language.
In the city of Portland in the USA, there is a weekend Chinese school in a church. In the school, there are Chinese kids and American kids. They study Chinese on Saturdays and Sundays. Teachers at the school are usually some overseas Chinese women. Miss Tian is one of them. She is from Beijing. She teaches her students many Chinese characters, sentences and Chinese songs.
Most of these kids speak English better than Chinese, because they spend most of their time at the local school, and their classmates are American.Their teachers teach them in English.
When the overseas Chinese children get home after school, their parents often speak Chinese to them. Only at that time do they think they are at home.
The question is: .Who teaches them?
The possible answers are:
A:Some overseas Chinese women.
B:Their classmates.
C:Their parents.
D:Their friends.Some people remember the things by writing notes to themselves. Then they leave the notes in obvious  places, such as on the table or on the floor in the middle of the living room. I don't think I like to write notes to myself. Most of the time I lose them or forget to look at them until it's too late. I prefer to use an alarm clock to tell me what I should do. I have ten alarm clocks in my house. They could tell me about things. For example, if I have to make a telephone call at a certain time, I'll set an alarm clock to go off a few minutes early and put the clock by the telephone. Or if I want to watch a certain television program, I'll set an alarm clock at the right time and put the clock on top of the TV set. I can remember almost anything if I use my clocks. However, sometimes an alarm clock goes off and I don't know what it means. I always remember setting it, but I do not know why I set it. If the clock is by the telephone, I know I may have set it to tell me to call someone, but I can't be sure. I might have set it to tell myself that somebody was to call me at a certain time.
The question is: I don't like to write notes to myself because   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:they are easy to lose or forget to look at
B:I don't know where to put them
C:my handwriting is poor
D:it gives me too much troubleBob was a homeless boy who lived in a house for homeless children. He always felt lonely and sad. He felt he was a nobody in this world. One day, he said to Mr. White, head of the house, "Why did my parents bring me to this world? What value do I have now?" Mr. White gave Bob a stone and said to him, "Take it to the market, but don't sell it no matter how much money they pay you.
Bob took the stone to a market called Green Market. A man wanted to buy it for 100 pounds, and Bob wouldn't sell it. Later, another buyer would pay more for the stone, but Bob still wouldn't sell it.
The next day in Center Market, the people would buy it at a much higher price. But Bob wouldn't sell it.
The third day, Bob took the stone to Street Market. This time, the people there offered a price which was ten times higher than that in Green Market. But Bob wouldn't sell it.
Bob couldn't understand. He asked Mr. White, " Why did they pay me so much money for just a stone?"
" Even for a stone, if you think it valuable, it will be valuable, " said Mr. White.
,.
The question is: How many times did Bob go to the market?.
The possible answers are:
A:Only once.
B:Only twice.
C:Three times.
D:Four times.Last month the manager of a jewelry shop   received a letter. As he was very busy then, the letter lay on his desk till tea-time. He opened it and a 10-pound note  fell out onto the desk. Within the note was a letter which said:
Dear sir:
In 1935 I got engaged . But unfortunately I lost my job. At the time a lot of people were out of work. Six months later I got a job again, but of course I was very short of money. I came to your shop to buy a wedding ring . The assistant took out some rings for me to look at, but she was called away for a moment, and I put one of the rings in my pocket. When she came back, I said I didn't know the size of my girl's finger. So I left the shop without buying a ring. My wife died a short while ago and the fact that I never paid for the ring has been heavy in my heart all these years. At that time, the ring cost 2 pounds so I think it is 10 pounds at today's price and I'm sending 10 pounds.
Yours truly,
A customer
The question is: What do you think of the customer?
The possible answers are:
A:Honest
B:Forgetful
C:Dishonest
D:CarelessMost Americans don't like to get advice from their family. When they need advice, they don't usually ask people they know. They often write letters to newspapers and magazines. And these newspapers and magazines can give advice on many different subjects such as family problems, language learning and how to buy a house and so on.
Most newspapers publish   letters from readers with problems. And they would also publish the answers to the letters. There are many writers giving advice to newspapers. Some of these writers are doctors, and some are teachers or lawyers . One of the best writers is a woman. Although she doesn't have special learning for this kind of work, experience helps her a lot to give advice. She is named Angel. She started writing advice for newspapers at the age of ten. Her advice to young readers now is in acolumn   called DEAR ANGEL in the Philadelphia Bulletin.
The question is: What do most Americans like to do when they have problems?
The possible answers are:
A:They like to ask their friends.
B:They like to write to newspapers and magazines.
C:They like to ask their parents.
D:They like to write to the people they know.Dear Nancy,
How are you? Now I want to tell something interesting. Last week we had a trip to Mount Tai. On Tuesday we went to Taian by bus, a city at the foot of the mountain. We had a good rest at a hotel. At about one o'clock early the next morning, we began to climb the mountain. It took us about four hours and a half to get to the top. The mountain is covered   with trees. I didn't see such a beautiful place before.
"Look! The sun is going to rise!" my friend Lim shouted.
We all turned to the east and watched. Soon half of the sky because white, and a big, red ball was rising slowly. A few minutes later, the sky became bright .
We stayed on the top and had a good time. After lunch we started going down. We got to the tour hotel at about four in the afternoon. Though we were tired, we were very happy. We came back to school the next day.
Thank you very much for your last letter and the beautiful postcards. Hope to hear from you soon.
Yours
Wu Tong
The question is: When did Wu Tong reach the top of the mountain?
The possible answers are:
A:At about 1:00 pm.
B:At about 4:00 am.
C:At about 4:30 pm.
D:At about 5:30 am.I wonder whether there is any girl or boy who does not like to see a rainbow in the sky. It is so beautiful.
There is a story, saying that whenever you see a rainbow you should run at once to the place where it touches the ground, and there you would find a pot of gold. Of course it is not true. You could not find the pot of gold or its end. No matter how far you run, it always seems far away.
A rainbow is not a thing which we can feel with our hands as we can feel a flower. It is only the effect of light shining on raindrops. The raindrops catch the sunlight and break it up into all the wonderful colours which we see. It is called a rainbow perhaps because it is made up of raindrops and looks like a bow .
That is why we can never see a rainbow in a clear sky. We see a rainbow only when there is rain in the air and the sun is shining brightly through the clouds.
Every rainbow has many colours in the same order. The first or the top colour is always red, and the next comes orange, then yellow, and last of all, blue. A rainbow is indeed one of the wonders of nature.
The question is: Which of the following statements is NOT true?
The possible answers are:
A:A rainbow is like bow.
B:A rainbow is the effect of light shining on raindrops.
C:Every rainbow has different colours in different orders.
D:A rainbow is one of the wonders of nature.Do you know why you sleep? You may think it's because you're tired. Or perhaps you've been told sleep is good for you. Yet no one knows exactly why or how people sleep.
Until the early 1950s, most scientists thought the body and brain rested during sleep. Then a scientist watched people sleep. He noticed that during periods of between 5 and 30 minutes each, sleepers' eyes made rapid movements, as if they were watching something. He called these periods REM sleep, for Rapid Eye Movement. Periods when sleepers' eyes did not move he called non-REM sleep.
Whenever the scientist woke people during REM sleep, they were having vivid dreams. Measurements showed that sleepers' pulses went up quickly during REM sleep. Their breathing, heartbeat, and the blood going to the brain also increased. Far from being a time of rest, REM sleep is a time when the body is hard at work. Scientists still don't know the reason for this. Some believe REM sleep makes learning easier. Babies spend a lot of time in REM sleep. Because of this, some scientists believe that REM sleep helps the brain grow. Others think REM sleep is a time for the brain to empty the day's garbage.
One thing all the scientists agree on is that sleep is necessary. Without enough sleep, people make mistakes. Most major car accidents happen during the early morning hours, when people are sleepiest.
The question is: You can decide from the article that REM sleep   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:has a restful effect on people
B:can be avoided with lots of sleep
C:is something that all people experience
D:is something that all scientists agree onJohn is six years old. He can read and write well. But he can't tell the time. He says "breakfast time", "lunchtime", and "teatime" when it is eight o'clock, twelve o'clock and four o'clock in the afternoon. His mother doesn't know how to help him.
One day John's aunt, Mary, comes to see his mother. His mother tells her about that. "Let me help you. I think I can help him."
When John gets home after school, Mary starts to teach him.
"Can you _ , John?" she asks him.
"Yes. One, two, three, four..." John says. "That's great. Now I put the longhand on twelve and the shorthand on one - that is one o'clock. I put the short hand on two, what is the time?"
"Two o'clock."
"Good. And on three?"
"Three o'clock."
It is then four o'clock in the afternoon, and John's aunt asks him, "What time is it now, John?"
"Teatime, Aunt." John looks at the clock and answers.
The question is: Mary is John's   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:mother
B:aunt
C:teacher
D:sisterToday people can use the phone to talk with others almost anywhere on the earth. But when you use the phone , you don't see the person you are talking with . That may change in the near future .
Today some people are using a kind of telephone called the picture phone or vision phone. With _ , two people who are talking can see each other
Picture phones can be useful when you have something to show the person you're calling . They may have other uses in the future. One day you may be able to ring up a library and ask to see a book. Then you'll be able to read the book right over your picture phone. Or you may be able to go shopping through your picture phone. If you see something in the newspaper that you think you want to buy, you'll go to your phone and call the shop . People at the shop will show you the thing you're interested in right over the phone. You'll be able to shop all over the town and never leave your room!
The question is: We can  _  through the picture phone according to  the passage .
The possible answers are:
A:write a book
B:do some shopping
C:play games
D:have classesA Bite of China
Are you an eating-lover? Do you want to eat every delicious food in the world? Then do you watch the popular program A Bite of China? It's a TV program on Chinese delicious food which has been produced by CCTV. Is there any holiday that isn't celebrated with special festival food? Here are several traditional Chinese foods:
Noodles are a symbol of long life in Chinese culture. They are as much a part of Chinese birthday celebration as a birthday cake with its candles lit in many western countries. Since noodles mean long life, it is considered very unlucky to cut it off.
Although westerners sometimes may be very sorry to see fish lying on the plate, in China a whole fish is a symbol of richness. In fact, at a party it is a tradition to serve the whole fish last, pointed towards the most valued guest. Fish also has a special meaning because the Chinese word for fish, yu, sounds like the word for richness or plenty, and it is believed that eating fish will help your wishes come true in the year to come.
A very popular dish during the Dragon Boat Festival is Zongzi. This tasty dish is made of rice dumplings with meat, peanuts or other delicious food in bamboo leaves. The tradition of Zongzi is meant to remind us of a great man, Qu Yuan in Chinese history.
The question is: _   in the Dragon Boat Festival makes us think of Qu Yuan.
The possible answers are:
A:Zongzi
B:Meat
C:Peanuts
D:DumplingSomepeoplethinkthatsingingcanliftourspirits ,whilesomeotherpeople  don'tthinkso.Theydon'tlikesingingandtheythinksingingcannevermakethemhappy.Ido thinksingingcanmakeusfeelgood,anditcanliftourspirits.Letmetellyoumoreaboutthat.
Someresearchers oncedidsomesurveysandprovedit.Thesurveysshow  thatsingingcanbringalotofhealthbenefits .Ifyousingwithyourfriends,theeffectsmay be evenbetter.
JohnLennonwasonceateacherofVocalPerformance atEmporiaState University.Hesays,"Singingisaninborn need.Babiessingtothemselvesandthey seemsohappy.Likebabies,whenwesing,wefeelsogoodandsingingmakesusfeelevenbetter.I likesingingandIamhappyeveryday."
Musicisapartofhumannature.Andsingingisaformof _ thatcanbeunderstoodby everyone.Somepeoplesaythatmusicislikeakindoflanguage.Thelanguagecanshow people'sopinionsandattitudes totheirlife.Somesongscancheerpeopleupwhentheyarein trouble.Somesongscanmakepeoplehappyandexcited.That'swhytheTVshowTheVoiceof Chinaissopopularwithpeople.
The question is: Accordingtosomesurveys,singingcanbring   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:healthbenefits
B:healthproblems
C:happinessandsuccess
D:sometroubleIn northern Scotland there is a long, deep lake called Loch Ness. More than 200 meters deep, it is the largest lake in the UK. People say a big monster lives in its dark, cold waters. It weighs more than 1,000 kilos and is at least ten meters long. Some people say it has a head like a horse. Others say it looks like a snake. Many people travel to Loch Ness to look for this strange monster, but only a few people have seen it. At least, they say they have seen it.
The Loch Ness Monster is a famous legend . The first story about a monster in Loch Ness was told over 500 years ago, but the legend of the monster spread widely only in the twenties century. In 1933, a husband and wife reported that they saw a big monster in Loch Ness. Several people have taken photos, but at least one of them was a hoax . During the 1960s, a team was formed to look for the monster. They took many photos and made movies, but they were never able to find a monster.
There is no real fact that a monster lives in Loch Ness, but there is also no fact that one doesn't live. One thing is true about Loch Ness: there are a lot of tourists there.
The question is: Why was a team formed during the 1960s?
The possible answers are:
A:To kill the monster.
B:To look for the monster.
C:To catch the monster.
D:To sell the monster.There are four hats. They are red, yellow, green and white. They are Mike's, Bill's, Tom's and John's. Tom's hat is not yellow, green or red. John's hat is not green. And Mike's hat is not yellow or green. What color are their hats?
,.
The question is: Mike's hat is   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:red
B:yellow
C:white
D:greenNow,in the streets of China,we can see increasing numbers of foreigners,speaking various foreign languages or strangely-toned Chinese.They have become part of our life.Have you ever wondered what brings foreigners to China and what they do in China?
Xia Yuan,a beautiful girl from Ukraine,works in Beijing.She is in charge of the marketing department.She had studied Chinese for two years before she came to China,and she now speaks fluent Mandarin .Unless you can see her in person,you might not even realize that she is a foreigner.
Ding Luo,an Italian,is the manager of Alcatel in China.Some years ago he lived in Chengdu,Sichuan.He often went to the poor areas of Sichuan to help the kids,donating computers,clothes and bags to _ 
 _
The question is: What does Ding Luo do in China now?
The possible answers are:
A:A manager
B:A teacher
C:A volunteer
D:A driverThe Greens are English. Now they are in Beijing. This is their first visit to China. They are going to stay in China for three weeks. They want to visit some big cities and villages. They want to learn some Chinese.
Mr Green is driver. He likes driving in Beijing very much. Mrs Green is a teacher. She is visiting a middle school near Beijing. Their son Jim is a middle school student. He meets some Chinese students, and he likes to speak English with them.
They take a lot of photos in China. When they are back in English, they are going to show the photos to their friends. They want the English people to know more about China.
The question is: Mr Green is a  _  . He likes driving in Beijing.
The possible answers are:
A:driver
B:farmer
C:worker
D:teacherHi, I'm Sandy. I come from America. I have long hair. I like listening to music and singing. I don't like sports. I often call my friends at the weekend.
My name is Jack. My Chinese name is Chen Tao. My eyes are not very good, so I often wear a pair of glasses. I enjoy playing computer games and swimming. I like making friends and I have a Chinese friend.
Hello, everyone. I'm Luo Wei. I'm from China. My hair is short. I love running and pets. And I have a lovely dog.
My name is Daniel. I come from England. I'm good at Maths. I often help my classmates with their Maths. I'm not very tall. I like playing computer games on the Internet. Would you like to be my friend? Please write e-mails to me.
The question is: You can  _  Daniel to make friends with him.
The possible answers are:
A:write letters to
B:play computer games with
C:chat on the phone with
D:write e-mails toA: Hello!
B: Hi, is that Paul? This is Nick, your new classmate.
A: Hi, Nick! Where are you?
B: At home. There's a new movie at the Capital Cinema . Do you Know?
A: Yes, I do. Do you like going to movies?
B: Yes, very much. I usually go to movies with my parents on Sunday.
A: What kind of movies do you like?
B: Action movies. How about you?
A: I don't often go to movies. I like watching TV or VCD at home.
B: That's different from  seeing the movie at the cinema . Let's go to the movie this evening, OK?
A: Sorry, I'm going to a concert  with my mother this evening. What about tomorrow afternoon?
B: OK. See you after lunch tomorrow.
A: Bye-bye.
The question is: Where do they talk about the movies?
The possible answers are:
A:At Nick's home.
B:At Paul's home.
C:At the cinema.
D:On the phone.I can still remember my first day at school. I was only 6 years old at that time. It was a very big room. I sat at the desk near the window, but I couldn't see anything because the windows were too high. There was a big map of the world on the wall. But I don't think I was worried or unhappy at that time. There was another little boy next to me. He sat there and kept quiet at first. Then he began to cry, because he didn't want to stay there.
More and more students came in , but the boy didn't stop crying " Mom, I want to go home. " He cried again and again. Later , the teacher came in . She went to the little boy, and said something to him. I couldn't hear what she said. Soon the boy stopped crying and began to smile.
To this day, I still don't know what the teacher said to the little boy.
The question is: Who made the little boy stop crying ?
The possible answers are:
A:The students
B:The mother
C:The writer
D:The teacherI came to the USA because I needed to study English here. I went to an English language school. I was not a beginner, but I was not good at English. At the end of the first term, I could read, write and speak, and I thought I was good at them. However, I was not good at understanding   when people spoke to me. My teacher said," Why don't you repeat   the classes?" I was not happy. I made progress   every month, so I did not want to repeat them. However, it was true -- I was not good at understanding when people spoke to me. My teacher said, "Repeating the classes is a good way to practice listening. And if you repeat them, you will understand more spoken English." In the end, I repeated the classes. In the second term, I studied the same books that I did in the first term. My teacher was right. It was a good idea. Now, after studying English for a year, I can understand more spoken English. And I know that reading, writing and speaking are not enough; listening is also very important.
The question is: After the writer repeated the classes, he thought it was useful because   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:he knew more words
B:he did very well in the test
C:he could speak English quickly
D:he could understand more spoken EnglishHow would we travel without maps? It would be a bit adventurous   to set off from Oxford University to go to London Bridge if there wasn't a map of the London Underground at each station. In fact, a lot of the early map-makers were adventurers and explorers, especially in the 15th and 16th centuries.
So what did people do before there were maps? Well, it was quite easy to use natural signs like mountains and rivers if you were travelling on foot or riding a horse. People took small boats down rivers and followed coastlines. And it was much more logical   to use time, not distance, to measure   journeys: the next village is a three-hour ride, for example.
In fact, in the earliest maps, people didn't draw landmarks. They drew the stars. It was very easy to see the night sky and use it for navigation  . The sky was a lot clearer before the light pollution from cities that we have today. When towns and cities were built, people drew road maps which gave correct distances and directions.
The London Underground was opened in 1863 and it also used a road map style. But a man called Henry Beck realized that travelling by train wasn't the same as driving your car across London. Passengers only needed to know which stations to change at. His new design   for the Underground map wasn't very popular with the train companies at first. But the passengers loved it and in 1933, 700,000 copies were printed.
These days, of course, you can ride a bike, drive a car or go through a forest and know where you are exactly, using a GPS. It's really difficult to get lost!
The question is: When did road maps come out?
The possible answers are:
A:Around 15th and 16th centuries.
B:When people began to travel by train.
C:When people began to travel by sea.
D:When cities and towns appeared.Learning English grammar and English vocabulary can be hard enough, but trying to understand English sayings can be more difficult. Some are just hard to figure out and others don't make any sense at all. Here are four funny English sayings that you can use every day.
I'm happy as a clam .
Think of a clam. It doesn't have to do anything. It just sits on a beach or on the bottom of the ocean all day doing nothing. It never has to work. That sounds like happiness, doesn't it? If someone asks, "How are you today?" you can answer "I am happy as a clam" to let him or her know what a great mood you are in.
I wouldn't touch that (or him/her) with a ten-foot pole.
Maybe there is a person who you don't want to be friends with or even talk to. Well, this saying means that you dislike him or her so much that you don't want to touch or go near him or her, even within ten feet!
You don't have a leg to stand on.
This saying doesn't mean that the person you're talking to has no legs. It means that his or her argument is incorrect. He or she doesn't have a leg to stand on because he or she has no facts to support what he or she is saying. This saying is a good way to tell people that you think they're wrong.
Break a leg!
This saying actually means the opposite of what it sounds like. If you tell this to a person, you're wishing him or her good luck!The saying comes from a superstition  that whatever you say aloud, the opposite will come true.
The question is: The saying "I wouldn't touch him with a ten-foot pole" means  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:I hate him.
B:I want him to be my friend.
C:I like him.
D:I want to argue with him.Dear Editor, 
I am unhappy these days.I am a student in Grade 3 of a middle school. I want to be a policewoman in the future.  But my mother doesn't like the job. She always  says it is too dangerous for a girl to work as a policewoman. She thinks girls should work in the office. She hopes that I can work as a teacher. But I really dislike being a teacher. I don't like work with children. When I talk with her about it , she is often angry. She always thinks she is right. I don't know what to do. Can you help me?
Yours,
Lily
The question is: From the passage ,we know Lily is   _
The possible answers are:
A:a worker
B:a student
C:a policewoman
D:a doctorThere are two main kinds of sports. These two kinds of sports are team sports and individual  sports. Team sports are such sports as baseball,basketball and volleyball. Team sports need two separate  teams. The teams play against each other. They compete  against each other in order to get the best score. For example, in a football game, if Team A gets 7 points and Team B gets 3 points,Team A wins the game. Team sports are sometimes called competitive  sports.
Besides team sports, there is another main type of sporting activity. It's individual sports. In individual sports there are no teams. People play individual sports such as swimming, skiing and running.
Of course, it is possible  to compete in individual sports. It is possible to keep a score in individual sports. The main difference, however, between team sports and individual sports is that team sports always require  more than one person.
The question is: Which of the following is NOT right?
The possible answers are:
A:Team sports need more than one person in the games.
B:Individual sports need fewer people than team sports in the games.
C:Team sports are better than individual sports.
D:It is possible to keep a score in individual sports.Dick is seven years old, and his sister May is five. One day, their mother takes them to their aunt' s house to play and she goes to the town to buy some new clothes. The children play for an hour, then at half past four their aunt takes Dick into the kitchen. She gives him a nice cake and a knife and says to him, "Now here is a knife, Dick. Cut this cake in half and give one of the pieces to your sister, but remember to do it like a gentleman ."
"Like a gentleman?" Dick asks. "How do gentlemen do it?" "They always give the bigger piece to the other person," answers his aunt. "Oh," says Dick. He thinks about this for a few seconds . Then he takes the cake to his sister and says to her, "Cut this cake in half, May."
The question is: How does a gentleman do when he has two pieces of cake?
The possible answers are:
A:He eats them up at once.
B:He gives the bigger piece to someone else.
C:He keeps the bigger piece for himself.
D:He gives the smaller piece to someone else.Word travelled quickly in the small fishing village of Port Washington, Wisconsin. So when McCarty wanted to build a playground for kids with special needs. 2,800 people - a third of the town - rolled up their sleeves and helped her.
"A lot of learning comes through play," said McCarty, 52, a special education teacher for 28 years. But her students were too often left out. She'd seen the traditional playgrounds stop wheelchairs dead in their tracks.
On September 16, 2008, the first day of the project, they came. Two women heard about the project on the way to work and took the day off to help. A couple in their 80s took part in the job. Children came and gave a helpful hand. Many were volunteers. They all worked very hard.
Today, Possibility Playground is one of the most popular _ in Ozaukee County. All children can play shoulder to shoulder. There is special equipment  in different parts. Here, you see all the kids on the same playground having fun.
"People used to ask. 'Why do you want to build a playground just for children with disabilities?' " McCarty said. "They didn't get it. It's only when you build a playground for children with disabilities that you build one for all children."
The question is: What's McCarty?
The possible answers are:
A:A special doctor.
B:A special education teacher.
C:A special singer
D:A special designer.The American book Who Moved My Cheese has been a best seller all over the world. It teaches people how to face changes in their lives. It is just for teens. The book tells us that when facing change in our life, like a new school or new friends, don't be afraid. Use this change to make a better life.
The book gives an example of a change at school. A school is changing from having two terms to three terms because there are too many students. Several teens are talking about this. Most of them are unhappy and worried. But Chris is not. He laughs and tells a story about two mice, two"little people"and some cheese.
The four are in a maze looking for  The cheese. Here, cheese means some thing important in life. But they find the cheese is gone. The mice realize that they can't change what has happened and have to find more cheese. This means finding different dreams. The little people can't do this. They are afraid of change so they find no cheese.
After Chris finishes the story, the friends understand one thing:to get more cheese, move in a new direction quickly. His friends understand how this can be used in the changes all teens face, such as doing well at school or feeling good about yourself.
The question is: Why does Chris tell the story to his friends?
The possible answers are:
A:He wants to help his friends out.
B:He likes telling stories.
C:His friends like listening to stories.
D:His teacher asks him to do so.Dear Mary,
I'm sorry to hear that you didn't get good grades in math mid-term exam. And you said you spend a lot of time studying math. However, it is difficult for you to learn it well. I think you should find a right way to learn it. Here is my advice for you.
During the class
* Listen to the teacher and be sure to write down everything the teacher puts on the blackboard.
* If you don't understand a step or how to get the answer to the question, ask the teacher or a classmate for help right now.
* Underline key points while taking notes.
After the class
* Recopy each day's notes into a new notebook clearly.
* Do your homework every day carefully. And don't copy other students' homework.
* If a step is unclear or you don't know how to do it, ask for help soon. _ 
* Look for useful examples of how this kind of difficult problem is used in your textbook or other materials 
Before exam
* Review  all of your notes quickly and find out every missing problem at times.
* Work examples in the text each several times until you can do them quickly. This will help you improve the speed  needed for the exam.
If you do as I said, I think you will get good grades in the final exam. Come on! Mary.
The question is: What's the matter with Mary?
The possible answers are:
A:She has no time to study math.
B:She doesn't want to learn math.
C:She can't find a right way to learn math well.
D:She can't get good grades in the exam.Do you like painting? Have you ever seen a painting in a tree hole? Now you can see many paintings in tree holes on a road in Shijiazhuang, Hebei Province. What's up?
These paintings are painted by Wang Yue, 23, a college student at Dalian Polytechnic University. Wang describes her tree hole paintings as "a beautiful journey" through which she adds fun to her hometown.
"When I saw that the trees by the roadside had lost all their leaves, the ugly tree holes became obvious ," she said.
"I thought if I could paint some interesting scenes in these holes they might add some color to the city. "
But Wang was worried that the pigments  in her watercolors could hurt the trees. After asking environmental specialists and getting permission from city officials, Wang gathered her color palette , brushes and other things to get to work.
"Painting on a tree hole is not as easy as painting on a canvas . I had to think about the shapes and sizes of the tree holes and adjust my designs accordingly," she said. "Before I began, I also had to clean off the dust from the tree holes first."
"I was glad to let people see life's beauty. I hope more artists can join me in painting the tree holes," Wang said.
The question is: What does Wang Yue worry about before she begins her tree hole painting?
The possible answers are:
A:The cost she will spend.
B:The thoughts from people about the environment.
C:Something harmful in her pigments.
D:Pressure from environmental specialists.There are many things we need to know that we do not learn at school. For example, if we want to use our money wisely, we need to shop carefully. We need to know how to compare the prices of things in different shops. We need to be able to compare the quality of different brands . We need to know how to make a choice when we shop.
Knowing how to make such choices is a "life skill", and we need these skills if we are to live useful and happy lives.
Some of these choices are small. For example, will I take an apple for lunch or a pear? Will I go to school by bus or on foot? Will I wear the red T-shirt or the blue one to the movies? Other choices are more important. For example, will I eat healthy food for lunch or will eat junk food because it is tastier? Will I work hard in all my classes or will I only work hard in the classes I enjoy? We make choices like this every day.
We have to realize that the choices we make can affect the rest of our lives. Just as importantly, our choices can also affect other people. The next time you decide to waste time in class, play a joke on someone or talk loudly at the movies, think about this: who else does your choice affect?
The question is: Which of the following choices is more important than the others?   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:Which fruit to take for lunch
B:Which subjects to work hard at
C:Which T-shirt to wear to the movies
D:How to get to schoolEveryone would like to be remembered. A few people even try to do something that no one else in history has ever tried to do. These people sometimes have their names recorded in the Guinness Book of Records.
Often it takes a group of people to do something unusual. One such team paddled a bathtub 145 kilometers for 24 hours. This group had 13 members. They paddled their bathtub on a river near Ashford, Great Britain on May 28 and 29, 1983. A month later, a racing team of hospital bed pushers in Avon ,Great Britain, pushed a hospital bed 16 kilometers in just 50 minutes! However, the distance record for hospital bed pushing is still held by the men of Brunt field Bedding Center. This team from Edinburgh pushed a hospital bed 5,203 kilometers in 1979. It took the team 35 days to cover the distance.
Another group of record makers held the highest dinner party in the world. Nine people from Sydney, Australia, climbed Mountain Huascaran on June 28 1989.The climbers carried a dinner table, chairs, and a meal up the mountain .When they reached the top, they all put on warm suits for dinner.
People all over the world are trying hard to do something unusual to make a record. It should be understood; however, that now not all the records will be kept in the Guinness Book of Records.
The question is: What was unusual about the highest dinner party held by the nine people in the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:The people who held the dinner party all came from Sydney.
B:Only nine people held the highest dinner party.
C:They had a meal on the mountain.
D:They carried a dinner table and chairs up the mountain to hold the dinner party.Mrs Brown was very fat. Her husband  thought she should go on a diet, and he made her eat no meat or cakes.
One morning, Mrs Brown made a nice cake for her husband, and he ate half  of it. After he went out, Mrs Brown cut a very small piece of the cake and ate it. It was very delicious. Then she cut a bigger piece and ate it, too. In a few minutes she finished up the cake. "My husband is going to be very angry," she thought. "What should I do?" She made another cake very quickly, ate half of it, and put the other half on the table. Mr. Brown came back later. When he saw the half of the cake on the table, he was very happy.
,. (5,2, 10)
The question is: Mrs Brown made another cake because   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:She was good at making cakes
B:her husband liked eating cakes.
C:She wanted to eat more cakes
D:she didn't want her husband to be angryNews one: As the pace of life in big cities is getting faster, people are looking for more ways to relax. Let's take a look at one way people are reducing stress in Beijing. The game is "Room Escape". "Room Escape" was originally a computer game. In recent years, it has been adapted to a real life game. There are more than 10 places in Beijing where people can play this game.
According to the rules, the players are first taken to a house with several iron doors. They then need to find a way out of the house in one hour. Different houses have different ways of escaping, all of which require players' bold , careful thought, and teamwork.
News two: The Chinese government has published a list of 24 guidelines  on how to take better care of parents. They are a modern update to 24 old stories about respectful children from the Yuan Dynasty.
The guidelines list 24 things to do with parents, including giving them a call every week, teaching them to use the internet, and supporting single parents' remarriage. The guidelines stem from a Yuan Dynasty book, about 24 filial-hearted children who treated their parents very well. It is a value younger generations should never forget.
The question is: To escape from the house, they don't need  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:a strong body
B:to act fearfully
C:to think carefully
D:to work togetherCinderella
Once upon a time, there lived an unhappy young girl. She was unhappy, for her mother died several years ago, and her father married   another woman. The woman had two daughters. They were her stepsisters (/)now. Her new mother didn't like her. All the nice dresses, shoes, delicious food, kind thoughts and care were for her own daughters.
For the poor unhappy girl, there was nothing at all. No dresses, only her stepsisters' hand-me-downs . No lovely dishes and no nice rests. For she had to work hard all day, and only when evening came, she could sit for a while by the fire, near the cinders (,). That is how she got her nickname-Cinderella.
The question is: All the good things were for   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:Cinderella herself
B:her father
C:her new mother
D:her stepsistersRita stepped into the cool, moving water. She pushed a black inner tube  in front of her. She had a worried look on her face because she had never floated down a river before.
"Let me hold your tube while you climb on," said her father. He smiled at her. "There's not a cloud in the sky. It's a great day to be in the river, isn't it?"
Rita looked out across the water. People were floating by on tubes. Some talked and laughed as they floated easily down the river. Others leaned  back with hats pulled over their faces. None of them looked terrified.
"We'll stay together," said Rita's father. "I'll hold on to your rope ."
"Will we go very fast?" Rita asked.
"No," said Dad. "We'll move slowly for a while, and then it will get a little faster near the river's bend . Don't worry, Rita. You'll be fine."
Rita looked at her tube. It gently  moved up and down in the water. She saw a girl of her own age float by. The girl seemed to be having fun. Suddenly Rita's worries disappeared .
"I'm ready to climb on and ride, Dad," she said.
The question is: What's the weather like in the story?
The possible answers are:
A:Cloudy.
B:Rainy.
C:Windy.
D:Sunny.Robert went to visit his friends in Paris last weekend.His friends met him at the airport on Friday afternoon and drove him to the hotel.They ate dinner at a Chinese restaurant and went to see a film after that.
Robert and his friends set out early on Saturday morning for a farm and stayed there until Sunday morning.During their stay,they played football in the field and enjoyed a big meal around a camp fire ,singing and dancing till late into the night.
Nobody could get up early on Sunday morning.So when they got back to Paris,it was about three o'clock in the afternoon.They drove right to the airport because Robert didn't want to miss his plane back home.Robert only stayed in Paris for two nights but he had a great time with his friends.
The question is: Where did Robert go last weekend?
The possible answers are:
A:New York.
B:London.
C:Paris.
D:Beijing.What do you like most when you can get one of such things: freedom, true friends, love, honesty and so on? Here are some choices of students:
Chen Cheng, 14, Jiangsu: I think I need a true friend. I had some friends before. However, it seemed that they didn't treat me well. I told them my secrets but they didn't share theirs with me. What's worse, they told my secrets to others, which made me very unhappy. I hope to find a true lifelong friend who can share happiness and sadness with me and keep my secrets.
Gan Xiaoning 14, Heilongjiang: Freedom is what I want most. I am a bird in two cages. In school, I have to follow the school's rules and listen to teachers. At home, my parents don't allow me to do what I like, either. I have to do everything that they tell me to do: study, study and study some more. So, freedom is the only thing I really want!
Yuan Siyu, 15, Guangxi: I am a boy from a poor family. My father works very hard but only makes a little money every month to support the family. I want to go to a key university  so that I can find a good job in the future. Then, I can _ enough money to get my family out of poverty  and offer my parents a happy life.
Qu Yi, 15, Hebei: I want a complete family. My parents got divorced  three years ago. Since then, I have had no chance to be together with both of them any more. Now, I am living with my mom and get her love, but I also want my dad's love. I am envious  of my classmates who live with their parents. So, I would have a complete family if I could.
The question is: What is not mentioned in the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:freedom
B:love
C:a true friend
D:hobbyOne day , Mr. Jackson  took Paul to his favorite restaurant. It was a French restaurant. The  waiter was from France, but he didn't speak to them in French.  "Would you like to see menu?" , he asked in a kind way. "Yes, please,"  Mr. Jackson said.
The  waiter gave them a menu each. They studied them. " You can spend only twenty-five dollars," Mr. Jackson told his son. The  waiter  asked  Paul," What would you like, young man?"
"How much is the tomato soup?" Paul asked.
" Six dollars," the waiter said." It's very good."
"How much is  the duck with orange?" Paul asked next.
"Fifteen dollars," the waiter said.
"How much is the chocolate ice cream?"
"Six dollars," the waiter said.
Paul added it up quickly. Six plus fifteen plus six is twenty-seven. He thought  he could have the duck and the soup, or the duck and ice cream." I'll have the duck and the chocolate ice cream, please," he said to the waiter.
Paul said to his father, "My meal will cost only twenty-one dollars. Can I keep the other four dollars? His father laughed."No, Paul," he  said ,"leave it for the waiter."
The question is: What does this passage tell us?
The possible answers are:
A:Paul and his father hate eating in restaurant.
B:Mr. Jackson 's favorite food is English food.
C:Paul was careful not to spend more than $25 in the restaurant.
D:Paul didn't know what to choose from the menu.Imagine climbing the three highest mountains in Britain. Now, imagine climbing all three in 24 hours. That's what Rebecca Shedden, a British schoolgirl did and she's only eight years old. She is one of the youngest people who have arrived on top of Snowdon, Scafell Pike and Ben Nevis, the three highest mountains in Britain.
Rebecca and her dad finished the climb, a total of about 11,000 feet (3,353 metres), in 23 hours and 15 minutes. That includes the time spent driving to each mountain: a distance of 500 miles!
Climbing isn't new to this schoolgirl. She took her first trip up a mountain in her dad's backpack when she was just six months old!
"One of the best parts about this climb was Scafell Pike," said Rebecca. "I've never walked in the dark before, and it was fun seeing all the sheep eyes as they ran around in the dark."
Rebecca brought along food, water, a medical kit  , a hat, a map, a lamp, a camera to take photos and even a mobile phone in case   something went wrong. Along the way, she and her dad had fun by making up mountain songs.
"All my friends like to stay inside playing computer games, but I like being outdoors best," says Rebecca. Rebecca also enjoys swimming and skiing.
The young climber doesn't plan to stay on flat land for long. She wants to climb Mount Kilimanjaro, the tallest mountain in Africa. "And I would like to climb Mount Qomolangma one day, too," she said.
The question is: What is the distance up and down all these three highest mountains in Britain?
The possible answers are:
A:500 miles
B:24 hours' walk
C:11,000 feet
D:23 hours and 15 minutes' driveHello! My name is Emma. My favorite day is Friday. Do you know why?  We have four classes in the morning. We have a music lesson on Friday morning. It is my favorite subject. I also like other three lessons in the morning. They are English, Chinese and math. In the afternoon we usually have three classes, but on Friday afternoon we only have two classes P.E. and oral  English. P.E. teacher is my favorite teacher because her lessons are very interesting.
The question is: How many classes do they have on Friday afternoon?
The possible answers are:
A:Only two classes.
B:Three classes.
C:Five classes.
D:Six classes.Once upon a time, two men were walking in the forest. One was thin and tall, and very bad too. The other was fat and short, and very honest. The tall man said to the short man, "We are good friends. If any beast comes, I'll help you." The short man said, " Of course, we are good friends. We will help each other."
At that time, a bear came to them. The tall man climbed up the tree quickly to hide himself in the branches and forgot his promise to the short man. But the fat man couldn't climb the tree. He said to his friend, "Help me! Help me! I can't climb up. Look! The bear is coming!" The tall man said, "No! No! No! You can't stay with me. The tree is not strong."
The bear was coming. The short man lay down under the tree, pretending to be dead and holding his breath. The bear smelled around his body. It doesn't touch the dead.
After the bear went away without harming the short man, the tall man came down and asked the short man, "What did the bear whisper in your ear when it was close to you?" The short man answered, "the bear told me not to believe such a selfish friend like you. And it also said that a friend in need is a friend indeed."
The question is: The two men were   _   in the passage.
The possible answers are:
A:workers
B:brothers
C:friends
D:huntersSharks   are the most frightening animals in the sea. Sometimes we can see sharks swimming in the sea around Hong Kong. People put nets around some beaches to protect swimmers. When there is a "shark's flag", people must slay on the beach. It will be too late if a shark can swim sixty kilometers an hour to you.
There are 30 kinds of sharks and 25 kinds of them are dangerous. The whale sharks are very big. They can grow to 18 meters long, but they are not dangerous to people. The jaws   and the tiger sharks are the most dangerous kinds of sharks.
Do you know all sharks must keep swimming, or they will go down? All sharks can feel everything that happens around them. We must keep _ and don't make any noise when a shark is swimming near you.
If a shark loses a tooth, a new one will grow out very quickly. So sharks always have many sharp teeth.
The question is: What are the most dangerous kinds of sharks?
The possible answers are:
A:The jaws and the tiger sharks.
B:The whale sharks and the tiger sharks.
C:The jaws and the whale sharks.
D:The whale sharks and the blue sharks.beep ...beep ... There went the bell! Robbie opened his eyes. He had been sitting in the room for a whole day, and now it was time for him to do something.
Robbie looked out of the window. It was still snowing heavily and there was ice on the window. It was another cold day. Robbie was told to turn the heat on before the family got home. And he _ 
Then Robbie was told to do some cleaning work at once. It was an easy job for him, but a tough one for his master, Helen. He kept on working until every room was clean and tidy.
For now, he had to cook supper for the family.
The first thing Robbie did was to get the big pot  in the kitchen. Then he put some water in the pot and put it on the stove. He used one of his hands to cut up a chicken and added the pieces to the water to make a good soup. Then he got some tomatoes, cabbages and carrots to make a vegetable salad.
At ten past eight he laid the table. Then he put some bread, the chicken soup and the salad on it. What a sweet smell! The moment he turned on the lights, the whole family came home.
"The soup smells great, Victor," said Helen. "You really know how to tell Robbie what to do."
Robbie is one robot that really saves the family a lot of work.
The question is: What is Robbie?
The possible answers are:
A:A cook.
B:A robot
C:A cleaner
D:A computerFor many years I had a good life. My illness was reasonably   under control, I had a nice relationship with my husband, I did work, I didn't hate. It was, as I said, a good life.
But there's a saying that the good is the enemy of the best. I finally realized this one day, and began making my best life. I changed doctors and tried a new way that could relieve  my symptoms   , rather than just making them easier to deal with. I started talking more with my husband and listening to what he had to say. And I quit  my job and started working for myself.
I have the best life I've ever had. I'd call it great. It is possible there's a better life for me, which would then be my "best life" , but for now I don't think so. I've started a business I love. My husband and kids are wonderful. I have a good friend and I'm close to my older sister who lives in town. Could it get better? I suppose so. But for me I think this is the best life I can have right now.
Think more about your life. Where are you living? Are you in a job you just don't mind? What makes your life "good" ? Why isn't it great? What's the enemy of the best and what can you do about it?
Enjoy your best life. We're only here for a short while, and we all need to have the best possible time we can. It's like going to Disney World. If you spend too much time standing in line waiting for the ride, pretty soon your time's up. Get out of the "good" line and have your best life.
The question is: What's the enemy of the best?
The possible answers are:
A:Illness.
B:A good job.
C:Being proud.
D:Being satisfied.First Frenchman: I once heard someone shout, "Look out." I put my head out of a window and a glass of water fell on me. It seems that "look out" may mean "Don't look out."
Second Frenchman: I was once on a ship and heard the captain shout, "All hands on deck  . I put my hands on the deck and someone walked on them."
Third Frenchman: I once went early in the morning to the doctor's and his nurse came to the door and said, "he's not up yet. Come back in half an hour." When I went a second time for him, she said, "he's not down yet." I had to go away again. Later I thought the doctor should be in the house in the evening, so I went there once more. "Oh, how sorry I am! He's not in ! I'd better tell him to wait for you if you could come tomorrow." said the nurse.  "Well! He's not up, he is not down, and he is not in. please tell me where he stays!" I said angrily.
The question is: What can be the best title for the short story?
The possible answers are:
A:Three Frenchman
B:Three stories
C:The English language
D:What a language!You may feel curious   about students in other countries: Do they also have so much homework? What do they do in their free time?
On April 8, a report came out on the lives of high school students in China, Japan, South Korea and the US. It surveyed around 6,200 students from the four countries last year. You will find the answers to many of your questions in this report.
Who studies hardest?
Chinese students spend the most time studying. Nearly half of Chinese students spend more than two hours on their homework every day. That's much more than students of the US (26.4%), Japan (8.2%) and South Korea (5.2%).
Who sleeps most often in class?
Japanese students fall asleep in class most often. About 45% of them said they sometimes _ in class. In South Korea, it's 32%; in the US, 21%; and 5% in China.
South Korean students don't like taking notes. About 70% said they write down what the teacher says in class, much fewer than in Japan (93%), China (90%) and the US (89%).
Who is the most distracted  ?
American students are the most active in class, but also the most distracted: 64.2% said they chat with friends in class; 46.9% said they eat snacks in class; and 38.9% said they send e-mails or read unrelated   books in class.
What do they do after school?
In their free time, most Chinese students study or surf the Internet. Most American students hang out with their friends. Most Japanese students do physical exercises. Most Korean students watch TV.
The question is: The report is about   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:the countries
B:the subjects
C:the students' lives
D:the high schoolsMany people like to travel by plane because it is fast, but I don't like it because an airport is usually far from the city. You have to get there early and wait for hours for the plane to take off and it is often late. You can't open the windows. You can't choose the food. Planes are fast, but they still take hours to get out of the airport and into the city.
I like traveling by train . I think trains are safe. Railway stations are usually in cities. When you are late for a train, you can catch another one. You can walk around in the train and open the windows. You can see many interesting things on your way. I know it takes a little more time.
I also like cars. You can start your journey when you want to , and you don't need to get to a railway station or a bus stop.  Also you can carry many things with you in a car. But sometimes there are too many cars on the road.
,. (5)
The question is: Why do many people like to travel by plane ?
The possible answers are:
A:Because it is safe.
B:Because it is fast .
C:Because you can walk around in the plane.
D:Because it is cheap.Little Mike's grandmother died weeks ago. He missed her very much. One afternoon Mike went to the city park where his grandmother used to go. There he saw an old lady. She looked very kind. She was sitting there, watching pigeons . Little Mike went up and sat next to her. He took out his food and drinks and gave some to her. She smiled at him. Her smile was very sweet and Mike wanted to see it again. She seemed to understand him, so once again she smiled. Mike was very happy.
They sat there all the afternoon, eating and talking. As it was dark, Mike got up to leave. Before he left, he hugged the old lady and she gave him her sweetest smile.
When Mike got home, his mother was surprised by the happy look on his face. " I met an old lady in the park. Her smile was like the smile I used to see on Grandmother's face."
The old lady also returned to her home happily. She told her son she had food and drinks with a little boy. " He was as lovely as Bill." She said. Her son was surprised, because he had never been so happy since Bill, her grandson, died weeks ago.
The question is: Mike and the old lady   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:were good to each other
B:knew each other well
C:often met in the park
D:did nothing that afternoonBig Ben is not the name of a man. It is the name of a huge clock in London, London is the capital of the UK. This clock has four faces, so no matter  where you stand, you can read the time on the face of Big Ben. Each face is the size of a double-decker  bus.
The hands are about four meters long. It is about the size of two people standing on top of each other. If you go to London, you may want to visit the House of Parliament . You will find Big Ben sitting at the top of the clock tower  in the House of Parliament. You will hear it as well as  you see it. The big clock makes such a loud sound, "Ding dong, ding dong," it goes every quarter of an hour. A big man gave the clock the name. He was Sir Benjamin Hail. He did much building work in London many years ago,
The question is: Which two words mean the same as "large"?
The possible answers are:
A:big and double
B:huge and loud
C:big and huge
D:giant and smallThere was once a boy in a village. Whenever he asked people to do things, no one would listen to him. He was sad. So he asked a wizard  to solve the problem by using magic. The old wizard tried a lot of spells , but it didn't work.
A young man heard about the problem. He went to the boy and said that he knew the solution. He gave the boy two small pieces of paper.
"These are two spells, my boy. Use the first before you ask others to do something, and use the second when they have done it. A smile is also necessary, "the young man said.
The boy was happy and tried to use the spells. When he asked people to do something, he said "Please" before his words and "Thank you"after they had done it. People were very surprised that the boy could be polite. Soon, they became happy to do what the boy asked them to do.
The wizard was surprised, and asked the young man about the spells.
"It's not magic. When I was a child, my teacher told me that with good _ you could get anything you want. And he was right. The boy only needed good manners to get what he wanted."
The question is: The young man give the boy two  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:magical spells
B:pieces of paper
C:smiles
D:wishesJames lives in the mountains with his parents.There are not any schools near the farm.He has to study in the _ from Monday to Friday.His father often takes him there in his car on Sunday afternoon.And he meets him on Friday afternoon.
The boy likes animals.He can see some near his house and school.But he never visits a zoo.Some of his classmates have been to the zoo and they often talk about the elephants,dolphins,lions,tigers and pandas.He sees them on TV.So he can only listen to them.
It's Friday today.James' father will go to the city tomorrow.There's a big zoo there.The boy asks him to take him there.He agrees.James is so happy that he can't sleep at night.He gets up early this morning and puts some food in his bag.Can you guess what he does that for?
The question is: His father takes James to school because   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:he does not like to stay there
B:he works there
C:it is far from the farm
D:he is very freeIn the sea there are many islands. In its warm waters there are some little ones. We call them coral  islands.
A coral island is very nice to look at. It looks like a ring of land with trees, grass, and flowers on it. One part of the ring is open to the water. There is a little round lake inside the island.
If you look into this lake, you will see beautiful coral. You may think they are flowers.
If you look at a piece of coral, you will see many little holes in it. In each of these holes a very small sea animal has lived. These sea animals make the coral.
They began to build under the water. Year after year, the coral grew higher and higher. At last it grew out of the water.
Then the sea brought to it small trees and something else. After some years, these things changed into earth. Sometimes the wind brought seeds to this earth. Sometimes birds flew over it and brought seeds to the island. The little seeds grew. In a few years there were plants all over the island. In a few more years there were trees growing there.
So you see, these islands were built little by little. The workers were very small. Don't they teach us a lesson? Can you think what the lesson is?
The question is: There are   _   in the holes in corals.
The possible answers are:
A:flowers
B:little corals
C:grass
D:sea animalsYang Yunjing is a tour guide volunteer in Tibet.  She went there five times as tour guide . Her parents and friends couldn't understand why she chose the hard work. But facing all the confusion( ), Yang just smiled and said, "Tibet is full of charm ."
When Yang finished her studies at the university three years ago, she had two choices: being an exchange student in Germany, or volunteering for Tibet. Finally, she chose the latter . Her father said, " I'll support(  ) you. But no matter what happens, you have to face it on your own."
When Yang went to Tibet for the first time, she got a " gift" -- altitude sickness( ). She had to be in hospital, but she didn't tell her parents about it. During her volunteer work, she did a great job because she worked very hard.
One day when she returned to her room at night, she got a call from another tour guide volunteer. She told her that a woman of the group was badly hurt when climbing the mountains. Hearing that, Yang went to the hospital quickly and decided to stay there and look after the woman.
Yang learnt a lot from the volunteer experience." As long as I think of the sky there, I can laugh it off, no matter what difficulties I may meet," she said.
The question is: What did Yang Yunjing's friends think of her work?
The possible answers are:
A:Exciting.
B:Easy.
C:Relaxing.
D:Hard.My friend Alice visited my city last week. She arrived on Wednesday morning. She is from Australia. I showed her around the city. We visited the Clock Tower first. The Clock Tower was very tall. We took some photos there. Then we went to City Museum. After that,we saw a good movie. The next day, we visited the Ladies' Street .There were a lot of clothes shops. The clothes were cheap and beautiful. Alice bought some clothes for her parents and friends. Then we went to the Seafood Street. We bought some seafood. We also had seafood in a restaurant. All of us enjoyed the meal. Then we went to a concert in the evening. The music was fantastic!
On the third day,the weather was very hot so we decided to visit the Monkey Garden. We found different kinds of monkeys in the Garden. The monkeys were funny and active. Alice went back to Australia on Friday evening. She enjoyed the trip. She invited me to visit Australia next summer.
The question is: What didn't the writer and Alice do during the vacation?
The possible answers are:
A:Went to the concert.
B:Bought some clothes.
C:Went to the beach.
D:Had seafood.Many teenagers feel that the most important people in their lives are their friends. They believe that their family members don't know them as well as their friends do. In large families, it is quite often for brothers and sisters to fight with each other and then they will go to their friends for some ideas.
It is very important for teenagers to have one good friend or a group of friends. Even when they are not with their friends, they usually spend a lot of time talking to them on the phone. This communication is very important in children's growing up, because friends can discuss special things. These things are difficult to say to their family members.
However, parents often try to choose friends for their children. Some parents may even stop their children from meeting their friends. Have you ever thought of the following questions?
Who choose your friends?
Do you choose your friends or your friends choose you?
Have you got a good friend your parents don't like?
Your answers are welcome?
The question is: Which of the following is the writer's attitude ?
The possible answers are:
A:Parents should choose friends for their children
B:Children should choose everything they like
C:Parents should understand their children better
D:Teenagers should only go to their friends for helpDo you know who is the most popular star on the Internet now? Yes, he is "Brother Coat"  Zhu Zhiwen!
A few months ago, Zhu Zhiwen was an unknown farmer. A video of his show has been watched by more than millions of people,now his videos are the most popular. Zhu Zhiwen attracts Chinese netizens'  hearts. And he is called "Brother Coat" by them.
In March 2011, he took part in a program called "I'm a Big Star". He walked out onto the stage in a dark green coat. Then he began to sing the song of the TV drama Romance of Three Kingdoms. When the audiences heard rich and powerful voice,all of them stood up and cheered. After that, he became a well-known person.
The judges  asked him if he had any professional training. Zhu said no. "When he started, I thought someone played the original tape  by mistake. But later on, I got it, " said one of them, "we can't _ ." At last, he won the first prize in the program of "I'm a Big Star".
Zhu Zhiwen was born in a village of Shandong in 1969. He liked listening to the radio. When the music played, he sang it along. Every morning, he would get up early and practiced singing near a river. He keeps doing it for nearly 30 years.
"When I'm working in the fields, "said Zhu Zhiwen, "I often sing for myself, some villagers even think me crazy,but I really love it. I'm not singing for money, I'm singing for ordinary people in China."
Mrs. Sun, a 56-year-old engineer, one of his fans said, "I watched his videos without getting tired of it! It is so amazing, and every time I watch it, I am filled with excitement and his voice is perfect! I am crossing my fingers in hope that he has a bright future."
The question is: Who gave Zhu Zhiwen the nickname of "Brother Coat" ?
The possible answers are:
A:His father.
B:The villagers.
C:His mother.
D:The netizens.One year, a college in the Unites States announced that it would offer a lot of money for the pure white marigold . The high reward attracted so many people, but in the nature, besides golden, the marigold is brown, and it is not easy to get the white one. So after they were excited for a time, many people had forgotten the announcement.
One normal day after 20 years, the college received a letter and 100 seeds of pure white marigold. It turned out to be an old woman of over 70 years old. Some experts in the college doubted it , but in order not to let her down, those seeds finally took root  in the earth. The miracle appeared after one year: the field was covered by pure white marigold. Therefore, the old woman who was always unknown to the public became a new _ .
The old woman was a flower-lover. When she read the announcement 20 years ago, she got very excited like others. But her right children were totally against her decision. After all, a woman who never knew the seed genetics  couldn't complete what the experts could never do, so her thought was only a day dream.
Still, the old woman didn't change her mind and went on working. She planted some of the most common seeds and took good care of them. A year later, when the marigold came out, she chose one faintest  from those golden and brown flowers and get the best seed. The next year, she again grew them and chose.... Day after day, year after year, through many seasons, the old woman's husband died, her children flew far and high, a lot of things happened in her life, but only the desire to grow the pure white marigold took root in her heart.
Finally, after 20 years on the day we all know, in the garden she saw a marigold which was not nearly white, but as white as sliver or snow.
A problem even experts couldn't deal with was solved by an old woman who didn't understand genetics. Wasn't it a miracle?
To take root in the heart, even the most common seed can grow into a miracle!
The question is: The woman successfully grew the white marigold at last because she   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:was luckier than experts
B:put her heart into flowers
C:got support from her family
D:studies the seed genetics wellIt is Mother's Day. John is busy with his work during the day. When he passes by a flower shop in the evening, he thinks, 'I'll send Mum some roses  .' While John is looking at the flowers, a young man comes inside. 'How many roses can I buy for only five dollars , madam?' he asks. The shopkeeper tells him that a dozen of roses  is forty dollars. Maybe he can buy some carnations  . They are much cheaper.
'No, I only want to have red roses,' he says. 'My mum was badly ill and I didn't spend much time with her. Now I want to give her something special, it must be roses because rose is her favorite.'
After hearing it, John says he can help him pay for the rest   of the money. The shopkeeper is moved   and says, 'Well, lovely young men, thirty dollars a dozen, only for you.' Taking the roses, the young man almost jumps into the air and runs out of the shop. Then John pays for his dozen of roses and tells the shopkeeper to send them to his mother.
As he walks out, he feels nice. Suddenly he sees the young man crossing the street and going into a park. But soon John knows it is not a park but a cemetery  . Crying, the young man carefully puts down the roses, 'Mum, oh, Mum, why didn't I tell you how much I loved you? God, please help me find my mum and tell her I love her.'
Seeing this, John turns and quickly walks to the shop. He will take the flowers home himself.
The question is: The young man is crying at the cemetery because he   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:can't tell his mother he loved her himself
B:spends all his money on the roses
C:feels sorry to ask John to pay for his flowers
D:has no money for his sick motherWhen spring comes, some wildflowe come out in the ditches  along the highway where I travel daily to work., I've noticed one special blue flower. It blooms  only in the morning hours.  For the afternoon sun is too hot for it. Every day for nearly two weeks, I see those beautiful flowers.
This spring, I started a wildflower garden in our yard,. I can look out of the kitchen window while doing the dishes and see the flowers.
Every day I drove past the flowers thinking "I'll stop on my way home and dig them." "See. I don't want to get my good clothes dirty." Whatever the reason, I never stopped to dig them.
One day on my way home from work. I was sad to see the pretty blue flowers were gone. I thought to myself. "You wanted too long. You should have done it when you first saw them blooming this spring."
A week ago we were shocked and sad to learn that my oldest sister-in-law  was badly ill. She is 20 years older than my husband and unfortunately, because of age and distance, we haven't been as close as we all would have been.
I couldn't help but see the connection between the pretty blue flowers and the relationship between my husband's sister and us. I do believe that God has given us some time left to plant some wonderful memories that will bloom every year for us.
And yes, if I see the blue flowers again. You can bet I'll stop and transplant   them to my wildflower garden.
The question is: What is the purpose of the writer writing the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:To tell people when chance comes ,don't let it go.
B:To advise people to plant flowers in their yards.
C:To transplant wildflowers to their own garden.
D:To tell readers she loves her family.Bill Gates was born on October 28th, 1955. He grew up in Seattle, Washington. Bill Gates was named William Henry after his father and grandfather. He was a very clever boy. His favourite subject at school were science and maths.
When he was 13 years old, Bill started to play with computers. At that time, computers were very large machines. Once he was interested in a very old computer. He and some of his friends spent lots of time doing unusual things with it. In the end, they worked out a software programme with the old machine. Bill sold it for 4, 200 dollars when he was only 17.
In 1973, Bill went to Harvard University. At Harvard, he developed the BASIC language for the first microcomputer  . In his third year, he left Harvard to work for a company called Microsoft. Bill began this company in 1975 with his friend Paul Allen. They thought that the computer would be a very important tool in every office and in every home, so they began developing software for personal computers. They improved the software to make it easier for people to use computer.
The question is: He developed the BASIC language for the first microcomputer  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:in Seattle
B:in Washington
C:in New York
D:at HarvardThere are some stories behind English words.
You've spent a lot of time studying how to use English in a proper way. But have you ever wondered why English speakers say some of the things they say? For example, why do they say "an easy task" is "a piece of cake"? Why do the two letters "OK" means "all right"?
Many English words and phrases have stories behind them. Sometimes these stories can help us look back into old western history. Let's take a look at a few of the original * common English words and phrases:     OK
"OK" was an American who lived in the 19th century. His name was "Old Kinderhook". In one year he was trying to take the place of the leader of his town. His supporters went around the town shouting " OK \ OK \" The supporters thought their future leader was " all right". The expression caught on, and now if something is "all right" , people like to say "OK|"
Boss*
Is your boss nice to you? If not, just be glad you weren't living in the old times. Back to that time, bosses could do anything bad to their men and could even beat* them! That explains why the word "boss" comes from an old German word meaning "to beat".
A piece of cake
A famous American writer named Ogden Nash lived in the 1930s. Many readers enjoyed his poems and wrote them down in their notebooks. In one of his poems, Nash wrote, " Her picture's in the papers now, and life's a piece of cake. " His readers found these words interesting and quickly wrote them down. They thought that if one picture in a newspaper could make you famous, wouldn't life be easy?
For nearly 70 years, "a piece of cake" has meant any task or activity that is easy.
The question is: In this passage "a piece of cake" means "  _  ".
The possible answers are:
A:an easy task or activity
B:a difficult task or activity
C:a simple newspaper to read
D:a famous picture in a newspaperPictures That Don't Last
"YEARS ago when I was at the Grand Canyon, I remember someone coming up to the canyon's edge, taking a shot with their camera and then walking away, like 'got it - done', barely even glancing at the magnificent   scene sprawling   in front of them," Linda Henkel, a scientist at Fairfield University, US told Live Science.
Henkel was surprised by how obsessed   people are with taking pictures these days - before dinner, during friends' birthday parties, on museum tours and so on.You know people just like that, don't you?
They keep taking pictures because they think that it helps record the moment, but as Henkel's latest study has just found out, this obsession may prevent their brains from remembering what actually happened, reported The Guardian.
In her study, Henkel led a group of college students around a museum and asked them to simply observe 15 objects and to photograph 15 others.The next day the students' memory of the tour was tested, and the results showed that they were less accurate in recognizing the objects and they remembered fewer details about them if they photographed them.
"When people rely on technology to remember for them - counting on the camera to record the event and thus not needing to attend to it fully themselves, it can have a negative effect on how well they remember their experiences," Henkel explained.
But there is also an exception: if students zoomed   in to photograph part of an object, their memory actually improved, and those who focused the lens   on a specific area could even recall parts that weren't in the frame.
So basically, this study is saying that constantly taking pictures can harm your memory.But shouldn't reviewing pictures we have taken help wake up our memories? This is true, but only if we spend enough time doing it.
"In order to remember, we have to access and interact with the photos, rather than just amassing them," Henkel told The Telegraph.However, previous research has shown that most people never take the time to look over their digital pictures simply because there are too many of them and they aren't usually very organized on their computers.
The question is: What is the article mainly about?
The possible answers are:
A:Some skills to learn for taking pictures.
B:People's obsession with taking pictures and its influence.
C:How pictures remind us of our past.
D:How to deal with pictures after taking trips.Lidong came on November 8 this year. It is the Chinese word for one of the 24 solar terms  . It means the beginning of winter.
As the weather gets colder and there is less sunlight, people are more likely to get sick. Adults in the US usually have two to four colds each year. Young children suffer from six to eight colds per year, especially in winter months, according to the American Lung Association. One of the best ways to keep healthy during winter is to stay warm.
There are many ways to stay warm. A living room should be around 18-21 C, and you can also use a hot water bottle or at least 16 C. blanket to keep warm while in bed. Getting plenty of exercise is always a good idea. Take a walk on a sunny afternoon, do a long distance run or skip rope. These things keep your blood moving and your metabolism   fired up. Food gives us energy and helps to warm us from the inside. High-protein   foods, like fish and meat, provide a lot of energy. Add some things to your winter dishes, such as ginger, pepper and garlic. These things can make you warm. A winter coat warms you up from the outside. Add several layers of thin clothing, for example, a shirt and a thin sweater, to stay even warmer. Clothes made from wool are usually very warm.
How to make winter days colorful? Is it too cold to play outside? Don't worry. Here are some tips for having fun at home. Give it a try!
# Enjoy a movie with your parents. There are a lot of choices, such as Spy Kids. You can also talk about the movie with your parents after it's over.
# Cook a meal with your parents. You can cook some simple dishes, such as scrambled eggs with tomato. You may need your mother's help for the first time.
# Clean your bedroom. You need to sweep the floor, tidy your desk and make your bed. By doing this, you really help your mother a lot.
# Read your favorite book. Reading is not only helpful for your writing ability, but can also help to build your character.
The question is: The passage is most probably taken from the   _   part of a magazine.
The possible answers are:
A:health
B:travel
C:society
D:foodLast week when I was sitting in my office,I heard an elderly lady talking on the phone about her husband.Her husband's name was Ed.He dropped her off for her doctor's appointment and was going to park the car and wait for her.She was so upset that she started to cry.I knew I should take action.
The lady told me her name was Helen and she called the restaurant she and her husband were going to have lunch at after her appointment to see if he was waiting for her there.She explained that she thought her husband parked the car in the parking lot and waited for her in the car but she didn't find him there so she returned to see if he entered the medical building,but Ed was not there either.She regretted making her husband park the car alone since some signs of Alzheimer's had happened in his behavior.I asked a few nurses to help look for Ed inside and outside the medical building according to Helen's description.Then I offered to drive Helen to the restaurant to see if Ed was waiting for her there.
On arriving at the parking lot of the restaurant,Helen began to search for Ed's car but she failed,which suggested Ed wasn't there.We decided to have a talk with the manager before we returned to the hospital.On our way to the manager's office.I received a call from a nurse,who said they had found Ed.What a relief!  But we still needed to go on searching since he forgot where he parked his car! Fortunately, we didn't have much difficulty finding it.
As I waved good-bye to the couple, I thought "This is true love in life.The love is not romantic but it stays with us all the time."
The question is: What can we infer from the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:The author was Helen's friend.
B:The author had seen Ed before.
C:The author went to see his doctor.
D:The author worked in the hospital.(C)The earth is not only, but also thirsty for water. This may seem strange to you. because nearly 70% of the earth's surface is covered with water. But about 97% of that is sea water, or salt water. Man can only use the other 3%--the fresh water from rivers, lakes, and other sources. And we can't even use all of that, because some of it is in the form of icebergs and glaciers . Even worse, some of it has been polluted.
However, as things stand today, the fresh water is still enough for us. But our need for water is becoming larger and larger quickly--almost day by day. We should take steps to do with this problem now and in this way we can get away from a serious world-wide water shortage later on.
We all have to learn how to stop wasting our _ water, one of the first step is to develop ways of reusing it. Today in most large cities, water is used only once and then sent out into a sewer system , from there it returns to sea or runs into underground  places.
But even if every large city reused its water, we still would not have enough. All we'd have to do to make use of sea water in the world is to remove the salt.
The question is: The best but the most difficult way to solve the water problem of the world is to   _
The possible answers are:
A:remove the salt from the sea water
B:make the water in the cities clean.
C:take the water from underground
D:make the need for the water smaller.Mr. and Mrs. Turner live outside a small town. They have a big farm and they are always busy working on it. Their son, Peter, studied at a middle school. The young man studied hard and did well in his lessons. It made them happy.
Last month Peter finished middle school and passed the entrance examination  . Mrs. Turner was very happy and told the farmers about it.
Yesterday morning the woman went to the town to buy something for her son. On the bus she told one of her friends how clever and able her son was. She spoke very loudly. All the people in the bus began to listen to her.
"Which university   will your son study in?" a woman next to her asked.
"In the most famous university in our country!" Mrs. Turner said happily.
"The most famous university?"
"Oxford University  ."
Most of the passengers   looked at her carefully. Some of them said to her, "Congratulations!"
A woman said, "I'm sure he'll know Fred Smith."
"Who's Fred Smith?"
"He's my son."
"Does he study in the university, too?"
"No, "said the woman. "He is one of the professors ."
The question is: Which of the following is true?   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:The woman wasn't interested in Mrs. Turner's words
B:Mrs. Turner knew nothing about the famous university
C:The woman wanted to stop Mrs. Turner from showing off
D:The woman next to Mrs. Turner wanted to show off her son, tooMany teenagers feel that the most important people in their life are their friends. They believe that their family don't know them as well as their friends do. In large families ,it is quite often for brothers and sisters to fight ,and then they can only go to their friends for some ideas.
It's very important for teenagers to have one good friend or a group of friends. Even when they are not with their friends, they usually spend much time on the phone. This communication   is very important in children's growing up, because friends can be the right one to talk about something with .These things are difficult to say to the family.
However, parents often try to choose their children's friends for them. Some parents even ask their children not to meet their good friends.
The question is: What does the passage mainly talk about?
The possible answers are:
A:How to make friends.
B:The communication is Important in children's growing up.
C:Parents should ask their children to meet then friends.
D:Friends are important to teenagers.What is a library for? Most libraries have books and other things to read. Many of them have things to listen to. Some libraries even have computers. Very few people would think of a library as a place to live in.
One library in New York City turned into a home for 250 people for a few days. These were all people near the library. They slept on the floor. Why did the people move into the library?
The people moved into the library because the city wanted to close it to save money. These 250 New Yorkers loved their library. They didn't want to lose it. So they moved in. They knew that the library couldn't be closed if they were living inside it. At last the city agreed to keep the library open, and the people all went home.
The question is: The people in the story   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:were all the workers in the library
B:were all people near the library
C:didn't read any books
D:wanted to buy some computersThe computer is important and can help us do a lot of things. Lots of children spend too much time on the computer. It's bad for their study. Here is some advice  for the parents.
*Move the computer out of the child's bedroom. It is good for children to reduce   the time to use the computer.
* _ for the computer. If your child wants to use it, he/she should get your permission  .
*If your child uses the Internet for studying. He / She doesn't use it to play games, praise   him/her for that.
*When your child wants to use the computer to play games, you can take her/him to the library, get her/him together with friends to play sport.
The question is: If your child uses the computer for studying, you can say "  _  " to him/her.
The possible answers are:
A:Sorry
B:Happy birthday
C:Good
D:NoPeople like to read stories about dog very much.They thought dogs were very clever.
One of my good friend , Bob , had a very big dog .Its name was Bill.Every Sunday afternoon,Bob and Bill had a walk in the park , Bill liked walking with Bob very much.
I visited Bob last Sunday.I stayed in his house for a long time.Bob and I talked with each other happily.Soon it was time for them to go for a walk in the park .We forgot that.Bill began to worry about it.He walked around the room and sat down in front of me and looked at me.But I didn't know this.I went on talking with my friend.At last, Bill couldn't wait.He went out of the room and came back soon.He carried my hat in his mouth.Oh, I knew what Bill meant.
The question is: How many people were there in this story?
The possible answers are:
A:One
B:Two
C:Three
D:FourI came to the USA because I needed to study English here. I went to an English language school. I was not a beginner, but I was not good at English. At the end of the first term, I could read, write and speak, and I thought I was good at them. However, I was not good at understanding   when people spoke to me. My teacher said," Why don't you repeat   the classes?" I was not happy. I made progress   every month, so I did not want to repeat them. However, it was true -- I was not good at understanding when people spoke to me. My teacher said, "Repeating the classes is a good way to practice listening. And if you repeat them, you will understand more spoken English." In the end, I repeated the classes. In the second term, I studied the same books that I did in the first term. My teacher was right. It was a good idea. Now, after studying English for a year, I can understand more spoken English. And I know that reading, writing and speaking are not enough; listening is also very important.
The question is: How long did the writer study English at a school in the USA?
The possible answers are:
A:For half a year.
B:For one year.
C:For one and a half years.
D:For two years.Min Sun, with another name of Ziqian, was a famous man in the State of Lu during the Spring and Autumn Period. He was a student of Confucius. Among all students of Confucius, he was compared with Yan Yuan.
Min Sun's mother died very early, later his father took another wife, who gave birth to two sons. The stepmother _ Min Sun--in winter, while two younger brothers wore warm clothes made of cotton. Min Sun only wore clothes made of reed catkins .
One day, he followed his father to go out. When pulling the chariot , Min Sun felt so cold that he dropped the rope onto the ground. Then his father beat him. Just then, the reed catkins flew out from the broken clothes and his father knew that Min Sun was mistreated, he was very angry.
After the father returned home, he wanted to divorce his wife. Min Sun fell on his knees and begged his father to forgive his stepmother. He said, " if Mother stays at home, only I myself have to stand cold. But if you divorce Mother, all three children have to suffer from cold."
His father was deeply moved and took Min Sun's advice. The stepmother heard of this, felt sorry and knew her mistakes. From then on, she treated Min Sun as her own son.
The question is: According to the story, Min Sun is a  _   person.
The possible answers are:
A:filial
B:lovely
C:smart
D:braveJean is a bright young woman who comes from a rich and famous family. She goes to a good university and has everything that money can buy, well, almost everything. The problem is that the people in Jean's family are so busy that they can hardly find time to be with her. In fact, Jean is quite lonely.
So Jean spends a lot of time on her QQ. She likes being anonymous , talking to people who do not know about her famous family and her rich life. She uses the name Linda on QQ and has made a lot of friends who she keeps in touch with quite often.
Last year Jean made a very special friend on QQ. His name was David and lived in San Francisco. David was full of stories and jokes. He and Jean had a common interest in rock music and modern dance. So it always took them hours to talk happily on QQ and sometimes they even forgot their time. Of course, they wanted to know more about each other. David sent a picture of himself. He was a tall, good-looking young man with a big happy smile. As time went by, they became good friends and often sent cards and small things to each other.
When Jean's father told her that he was going on a business trip to San Francisco, she asked him to let her go with him so that she could give David a surprise for his birthday. She would take him the latest DVD of their own rock singer. But when she knocked on David's door in San Francisco, she found that her special friend was a twelve-year-old boy named Jim.
The question is: Jean thought "David" was special because he   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:made her quite happy on QQ
B:was from San Francisco
C:sent her a picture of himself
D:was tall and good-lookingChoose the best answer (,)
I put my carry-on in the luggage compartment , and sat down in my seat.Just before take-off,a line of soldiers came down the aisle  and filled all the empty seats.
After flying for about an hour,an announcement was made that sack lunch  were available for $5.As I reached for my wallet to buy one,I overheard the soldier ask his buddy if he planned to buy lunch."No ,that seems like a lot of money for just a sack lunch.I'll wait till we get to Chicago."His friend agreed.
I looked around at the other soldiers.None were buying lunch.I walked to the back of the plane,and handed the flight attendant a $50 bill."
Take a lunch to all those soldiers."
After we finished eating. I went again to the back of the plane,heading for the restroom.A man stopped me."I saw what you did.I want to be part of it.Here,take this."He handed me $25.
Soon after I returned to my seat,I saw the Flight Captain coming down the aisle.
When he got to my row,he stopped and said,"I want to shake your hand.I was a soldier and I was a military  pilot.Once,someone bought me a lunch.
It was an act of kindness I never forgot."I was embarrassed when applause  was heard from all of the passengers.
Later I walked to the front of the plane so I could stretch my legs.A man who was seated about six rows in front of me reached out his hand,wanting to shake mine.He left another $25 in my hand.
We landed in Chicago,I picked up my belongings.Waiting just inside the airplane door was a man who stopped me and put something in my shirt pocket.Another $25.
Upon entering the terminal ,I saw the soldiers gathering for their trip to their base.I walked over to them and handed them $75."It will take you some time to reach the base.It will be about time for a sandwich.God Bless You."I  said.
These soldiers were giving their all  for our country.I could only give them a couple of meals.It seemed so little.
The question is: The writer met the soldiers when he  _  to Chicago.
The possible answers are:
A:took a coach
B:took a plane
C:took a bus
D:took a trainMichael Rossi is the Internet favorite Dad right now.
Mr. Rossi, a father from Philadelphia, recently took his kids, Jack and Victoria, to Boston for three days during the school term. But Rydal Elementary School, one of the oldest schools in Boston, doesn't accept family holidays as an excuse for their absence and give them a warming notice. So Mr. Rossi wrote a letter to the school, which has been shared by thousands of parents online.
Dear Mrs. Marbyry,
While I am thankful for your concern for our children and the best education our kids receive from you, I can promise you they've learned as much in the three days we were in Boston as they would in a whole year in school.
Although they missed an important test, they learned about something more important for them, especially for their future.
They experienced first -hand the love and support form thousands of other people with a common goal. At the marathon  , which is known as the most difficult one in the world, they watched runners with disabilities work together to collect money for children in poor areas.
In addition, our children walked the Freedom Trail, visited the site of the Boston Tea Party and the graves of several great pioneers of America. These are thing they WILL learn in school a year or more from now.
We truly love our school and teachers. But I wouldn't hesitate   to pull them out of school again for an experience like the one they had this time.
Thank you for your time.
Sincerely,
Michael Rossi
The question is: Michael wrote back to   _  ?
The possible answers are:
A:beg the school not to punish his kids
B:say sorry to the headmaster, Mrs Marbyry
C:tell the school what they did in the three days
D:express his different understanding of education.My name is Max. I am twelve years old. I have many friends. Most of them are as old as I. Some are older. Some are younger.
My best friend is Bill. He lives near me. We go to the same school and we are in the same class. Bill helps me with my math homework. I help him with his English homework. Bill is taller than me. He is quite fat. He doesn't like sports, so he doesn't get much exercise. We both have black eyes, but Bill's hair is longer. I like sports and I play football or go swimming every day. Every Sunday morning Bill and I play computer games. Sometimes I win. Sometimes he wins.
,,2B.
The question is: Max helps Bill with   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:his maths homework
B:his English homework
C:His sports lessons
D:His computer lessonsDear sir,
I read your story (of the 4thFebruary) about the cost of living in the country rather than in the town, and I agree with most of your opinions.My husband and I lived in the middle of Horlton until two years ago a seaside   town of nearly five hundred thousand people.When my husband stopped working, we moved to our present house in a small village at the foot of Roland Hill, and there is no doubt   that our costs are higher now.
I have to do my shopping in small shops, where the food is more expensive than in city supermarkets; it costs more to travel by bus; and because the men who come to mend the television or the washing-machine, have to come further, we have to pay them more.
But it does not cost us much to enjoy what is beautiful in the country; and peace and quiet are cheap.It takes many people a lot of time and money to drive into the country to enjoy the simple things of life; yet we can enjoy them just by going out of the front door.It costs more to live here than it did in Horlton, but now life really is worth   living.
Yours faithfully,
Edith Randall (Mrs)
The question is: It costs more to live in the country because   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:the men who mend the television have to come by bus
B:food costs more in small shops
C:the television goes wrong more often in the country
D:Mrs Randall has to travel by bus to the city supermarketLife in the 2100s will be very different from life today. Between then and now many changes will take place. What will the changes be?
The population is growing fast. There will be more people in the world and most of them will live longer than people do now.
Computers will be much smaller and more useful, and there will be at least one in every home. And computer studies will be one of the important subjects in schools then.
People will work fewer hours than they do now and they will have more free time for sports, watching TV and traveling. Traveling will be much easier and cheaper. More people will go to other countries on holiday.
There will be changes in our food, too. Maybe no one will eat meat every day. Instead, they eat more fruit and vegetables. Maybe people will be healthier.
Work in the future will be different, too. Dangerous and hard work canl be done by robots, because of this, many people will not have work to do. This will be a problem.
The question is: The robots will  _  in the future.
The possible answers are:
A:do the dangerous work
B:do all the work
C:do only housework
D:do the easy work for peopleTony:I like eating hamburgers and drinking cola. Yes, they are not healthy. But I eat hamburgers and drink cola every day.I don't like vegetables. I hate tomatoes.
Cindy: My favourite food is chocolate and my favourite drink is milk. Milk can make me healthy.  I drink milk every morning. I like fruit too. And my favourite fruit is oranges.
Zhang Qiang: I like meat. I eat beef and chicken, but my favourite is beef. So I'm strong and tall.
Liu Xin: I like candy and vegetables. I eat candy every day. But my mum says candy can make me fat. Now I'm fat so I do sports every day.
The question is: _   is so fat so he/she does sports every day.
The possible answers are:
A:Liu Xin
B:Zhang Qiang
C:Tony
D:CindyMy name is Peter. I was born in Paris. When I was three, my family moved to London. We stayed there for one year then my dad had to move to New York. We spent about two years there. I moved to Shanghai last May and I like the new country very much.
I study at an international school in Shanghai. There are people from nearly all parts of the world. I like my school very much and I can learn many things. I love learning Chinese and keep practising it with my classmates. After school, my favourite sport is football. I like drawing and painting, too.
Shanghai has four seasons and I like spring best here, because I can go out in the evening and play with my friends. In my hometown, the summers are hotter than Shanghai but the winters are not so cold as they are here.
Shanghai is like a small world where all kinds of people and food can be seen. I like being part of it and I am very happy to stay here.
The question is: Which of the following is TRUE?
The possible answers are:
A:Peter was five years old when he lived in London.
B:Peter often speaks Chinese with his classmates.
C:Peter likes summer best in Shanghai.
D:You can only see Chinese people and Chinese food in Shanghai.As one of the most well-known of the fantasy languages invented for science fiction film, television and book, and developed by J.R.R. Tolkien himself, Elvish is made up with several thousand words and different sentence structures.
Constructed languages   like Elvish are real languages, made up of thousands of words created by fantasy writers, linguists and fans, with real language rules. While a widespread vocabulary is advantageous to a constructed language, there is a key differentiator   we can see between just a lot of words and real language: Grammar.
Grammar is what makes constructed languages like Elvish learnable by everyday superfans. Superfans of The Lord of the Rings have built websites and created dictionaries, apps and translators, to teach Elvish. They have also created online clubs where fans can discuss and even create new words based on the already existing vocabulary, and continue to study the language.
So what does it take to be a master of Elvish?
In learning Elvish, there are a couple of grammatical rules similar to those of the English language. For example, in order to make a verb past tense in English, you have to add an -ed, making wash, washed. Similarly in Elvish, in order to change the word for wash, which is allu, to the past tense then you have to add an -ne to the word. So washed is then translated to allune in past tense.
Nouns in Elvish are different in the way that the noun changes depending on how it's used in a sentence, just like in Latin or Russian. For example, the word head in Elvish is CAS. However, if you duck your head, then the word changes to CARA. When mentioning something in your head, then it changes to CASSE. Tolkien's attention to detail in creating the fantasy world used in The Lord of the Rings and The Hobbit, complete with multiple functioning   invented languages, has attracted readers and movie viewers these years.
Elvish is only one of the many magical languages developed by J.R.R. Tolkien. Creating language for fantasy has proven to add to viewers and readers experiences. By transplanting their imagination to a new world, fans are able to learn the new language and speak Elvish with each other, much like their favorite characters.
The question is: For the fans of The Lord of the Rings,   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:Elvish is a language difficult to learn
B:there is no Elvish dictionary to refer to
C:Elvish adds to the novel's attractiveness
D:they can even create new grammar for ElvishMr. White is very busy today. He helps his mother move into a new house. He starts at 3:30 in the afternoon. First he cleans the windows. Then he carries all the heavy furniture   into the new house. He helps his mother put the curtains   up too.
Mr. White is very tired when he gets "home". It is 9:15 p.m. He can't find the right key to the front door. The front door is locked. Then he tries the back door, but it is also locked. "I should climb in through the kitchen window," Mr. White says to himself. He doesn't want to wake up his wife and children.
But suddenly, a big black dog comes to him from behind. Mr. White is afraid and surprised. He doesn't own a dog! He is at the wrong house! Soon the police come. "I'm not a thief   or a robber," says Mr. White to the police. "I'm at the wrong house. Please believe me." What an unlucky poor man Mr. White is!
The question is: When does Mr. White start to help his mother?
The possible answers are:
A:At 3:30 a.m.
B:At 3:30 p.m.
C:At 9:15 a.m.
D:At 9:15 p.m.In Canada and the United States, there is a new group of children called "satellite kids", who live in one place but whose parents live in another place.
Asians are immigrating to Canada and the United States in larger numbers than ever believe that they can give their children a better education in the west. In Asia, especially in China, Japan, and Korea, it is difficult to go to university. Students must first pass the strict national examination. However, in Canada and the United States, it is easy to go to university, and anyone who wants to go can go. As a result, Asian parents decide to leave their countries so that their children can go to university.
The problem is that when Asians arrive, they discover that finding a job and making money are more difficult in the West than in the East. Also, they find that they are very lonely, and that they miss their homes. Because of these two reasons, most Asian parents decide to go back to work while their children study in the West. Therefore, these two reasons, most Asian parents decide to go back to work while their children study in the west. Therefore, these children become satellite kids", and most of their parents do not know how sad it is to be a "satellite kid".
Only until now are Canadians and Americans discovering the "satellite kids" problem. Because these children do mot speak English and because their parents are not there to take care of them, they are often absent from school. To be a "satellite kid" means growing up in a country where you know you are different and where you cannot make friends because you do not speak English well. Also, it means growing up lonely, because your parents are elsewhere. What these "satellite kids "will probably say to their parents is that it's better to have parents around than to have a university education.
,.
The question is: "Satellite kids "refer to Asian kids   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:without parents
B:want them to go to university
C:with university education
D:speaking no EnglishYou have heard of Webster Toys. Webster has made good, safe, interesting toys for more than 100 years. Now we sell them, and children play with them, in countries from New Zealand to Norway, and from Japan to Brazil. We are looking for someone to sell our toys in the Far East. He will be between thirty and forty. He will already have some years of selling in world markets behind him. He will speak good English, and at least one other language of the Far East.
The person we are looking for will live in Singapore, and work in our office there,  but he will travel for up to six months in any one year. He will know the Far East quite well already. He will know how to sell in old markets and where to find new ones. He will understand money and make more than ever before, for himself, and for Webster Toys.
Webster wants someone who can stand on his own feet. If you think you are the person we are looking for, write to Mr J. Sloman at our head office in London.
The question is: "He will already have some years of selling in world markets behind him" means he has  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:sold things for the Webster for some years
B:already sold toys to some markets in the world
C:already sold things in different parts of the world
D:sold a large number of Webster toys to the worldI went to bed at 11pm, it was snowing. I slept deep and my clock didn't work. It was so cold that I didn't want to get up again. I called my mother "Mom, my alarm clock is dead, but tomorrow morning I need to get up at six o'clock to catch an early bus . Can you give me a wakeup call?" My mother's voice was a little dull, "Fine, dear."
Phone rings pulled me out of my dreams. Mom said from the other end of the line,"It is time to get up, and you need to catch the early bus." I looked at my watch-5:40."Didn't I ask you to wake me up at SIX?" I complained."Let me have some more sleep, please!"
I got up and ready for the trip. It was a dark, cold morning, and everywhere was filled with snow. As I reached the bus stop, I found a white-haired couple  had already been waiting. "You see, you didn't sleep at all night and got here so early," the man murmured( ) to his wife.
The bus finally came. The driver was a very young man. He waited just long enough for me to get on before he started the bus again. "Please wait," I said to the driver. "There are two older people that need to get on, too. It is so cold, and they have waited for a long time. How could you leave them behind?"
Without stopping the bus, the young driver said"That's OK, they are my parents. This is my first day on the job, so they came to make sure I was all right."
I couldn't hold back my tears. My mobile phone rang, incoming was my father's message, "Sweetie, your mom is not feeling well, she was awake most of the night so that she wouldn't miss your wakeup call."
The wakeup call, the older couple, the young driver...reminded me of a Jewish proverb:
"When a father gives something to his son, the son smiles; when a son gives something to his father, the father cries."
The question is: What can we learn from the last proverb( )?
The possible answers are:
A:Parents' love is great
B:Father's love is more important than mother's
C:A father should give something to his son
D:A son should give something to his fatherThe date was like any other day in his life. After school Bill walked past the shop on the street corner. He stopped to look at the front row of shoes, and he felt sorry for himself. He really wanted to have a pair for his birthday.
He sadly walked away and thought of what to tell his mother. He knew she would give him anything if she could. But he also knew very well she had little money. He decided not to go home at once, because he looked worried and he didn't want to make his mother worry about it. So he went to the park and there he sat on the grass. Then he saw a girl in a wheelchair . He found that the girl moved the wheels with her hands. Bill looked at her carefully and he was surprised to see that the girl had no feet. He looked down at his own feet."It's much better to be without shoes than without feet," he thought. It was not right for him to feel sorry and sad. He went away and smiled. He thought he was luckier in life.
The question is: Bill felt so sorry and sad because   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:the shoes were too small
B:he lost his shoes
C:He was without feet
D:He couldn't buy the shoesEver thought of moving to a new country? How about starting a new country? Patri Friedman is planning to do just that. He left Google years ago to set up the Seasteading Institute. And his dream is to build seasteads-----floating micro-nations in the middle of the ocean.
So, what will life on a seastead be like? Probably a bit like life on a cruise liner  , but much larger, with shops, gyms, swimming pools, schools and other areas. In fact, the early seasteads may actually be specially-rebuilt cruise liners. But as science advances, Friedman believes they'll become more like floating cities, with several hundred people.
Seasteading raises a lot of questions. First of all, how will the new countries make money? The Seasteading Institute has suggested several money-making ideas, including ocean-based theme parks, casinos   and fish farming. There's also the questions of safety. With storms, typhoons and pirates   , the high seas are a dangerous place. However, the Institute says that it can stand bad weather and prevent crimes with its well-designed systems.
So, is this just a day dream? Well, maybe not. One of the people behind the project is Peter Thiel. He founded PayPal and was one of the first investors   in Facebook. So far, he's donated $ 500,000 to the project.
And Friedman isn't wasting any time. He recently announced the creation of the Poseidon Award. This will be given to the first seastead with fifty people. Friedman is hoping to hand out the award in 2015.
The question is: Where did Friedman use to work?
The possible answers are:
A:In Facebook.
B:In Seastead Institute .
C:In PayPal.
D:In Google.My parents divorced when I was 8 years old. Their marriage was a mistake of World War II. And about 50 years ago, I was the only child I knew who didn't have a father at home on Father's Day. Divorce was very uncommon back then.
So when my friends were in town shopping for presents for their fathers, I decided since my mother was both Mother and Father, no one else was like her, who better deserved(be worth) a present on Father's Day than her?
I bought her a little set of tools, just a few things, hammer, pliers  and screwdriver  and a box to put all these things in. I got some ideas from my grandfather and named it Mother's Tool Box. She was excited, more at the thought of being cared for on Father's Day than of the present. She always said she liked her Father's Day memories better than the Mother's Day ones. It made her feel special -- and she was. I have noticed in the past few years, greeting cards are even made for "Mother on Father's Day". Ever since then, my mother has got cards on Father's Day. By the way, she knew just how to use those tools and others she had ever used over the years.
The question is: Which sentence shows that divorce was very uncommon at that time?
The possible answers are:
A:My parents divorced when I was 8 years old.
B:My parents' marriage was a mistake of World War II.
C:My mother has got cards on Father's Day.
D:I was the only child who didn't have a father at home on Father's Day.Zach Linsky, 11, watches TV for 3 and a half hours a day and plays video games every other day. Zach, a sixth grader in Washington, D. C., is an American. But unlike many kids, he doesn't have a TV, VCR, or computer in his bedroom. He only has a boom box  .
The survey of 3,155 kids, aged 2 to 18, shows that they spend 5 hours and 29 minutes on average  a day using some types of media outside of school, including 2 hours and 46 minutes watching TV, 21 minutes on the computer, 20 minutes playing video games, and 8 minutes on the Internet. The good news: The total includes 44 minutes spent reading.
The survey also shows that those aged 2 to 7 spend 3 hours and 9 minutes watching TV every day and shows that 32 percent in that age group have TV sets in their rooms. Among those aged 8 to 18, 21 percent have computers in their rooms, 65 percent have TV sets, and 61 percent say their parents don't stop them from watching TV. Nearly 1 in 4 say they watch more than 5 hours a day.
"Kids are living much more lonely lives than ever before," says Kay S. Hytnowitz. "They just disappear into their rooms and spend all of their time with these media."
The question is: How many kids aged 2 to 7 have TV sets in their rooms?
The possible answers are:
A:32%.
B:21%.
C:61%.
D:40%.In Xinjiang, most people knew the stories of Avanti. Avanti was a very clever man. People liked him because he not only spoke for the poor but also was always ready to help them.
One day Avanti walked on the street and saw two men arguing with each other. A lot of people stood around them. One of the two men was the owner of the eating house in the town and the other was a young man. The young man just passed by the eating house. The owner of the eating house told the young man to pay him money. The young man explained that he hadn't taken anything from the eating house. But the owner said that the young man had taken the smell of the nice food from the eating house, and he must pay for it. So Avanti went up to the owner and said, " I'll pay you the money." Avanti took out some coins  from his pocket and put them into his bags. He shook his bag, and people heard the sound of the coins. Then Avanti said to the owner, " Take away the sound of the coins. That's what I pay for the smell of your food."
The question is: Avanti wanted to help the young man, so   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:he helped the young man out of trouble
B:he would pay for the money instead of the young man
C:he asked the owner not to ask the young man for money
D:he asked the young man to make friends with the ownerI'm a boy. My name is Tom White. I am ten years old. I am in Class 2, Grade 1. I'm in No. 1 Middle School. My teacher is Mr. Wu. I have a good friend at school He is Jim Green. Jim is his first name and Green is his last name. He is ten, too. But he is in Class 1, Grade 1. His teacher is Miss Wang.
, .
The question is: Tom is in   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:Class 1, Grade 1
B:Class 1, Grade 2
C:Class 2, Grade 1
D:Class 2, Grade 2We know music is very important in our daily life. Do you notice music playing at any of those places when you go somewhere? Today most stores, stations, restaurants and other places play music. You might even hear music in an office or on a farm.
Scientists believe that music influences the way people behave . They think that the sound of western classical music makes people feel richer. When a restaurant plays classical music, people spend more money on food and drinks. When the restaurant plays modern music, people spend less money. Without music, people spend less.
Scientists also believe that loud, fast music makes people eat faster. Some restaurants play fast music during their busy hours. This makes people eat faster and leave quickly. Restaurants can make more money in this way.
Some scientists think that music makes you think and learn better. They say that music helps students to be more active. It is true that people learn better when they are relaxed. And listening to music can help you relax.[
The next time you hear music somewhere, be careful. It might influence the way you do things.
,.
The question is: According to the text, scientists believe that music can   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:Create different feelings for us
B:Help us to develop good habits
C:Develop our interest in money
D:Influence natural environmentsTom was the only person alive after a shipwreck, the sea water washed up on a small island.There was nobody on the island,Tom hoped someone could come to save him,and every day he looked at the sea,but he didn't see any ship.
A few days later,Tom built a little hut for himself.But then one day, after looking for food,he arrived home and found his little hut was on fire.The smoke went up to the sky,the worst thing happened,everything was lost,Tom was so sad and angry.He cried.Early next day,however,the sound of a ship woke him up.The ship was coming close to the island.It came to save him!
"How did you know I was here?"Tom asked the men from the ship.
"We saw your smoke,"they answered.
It is easy to get sad when things are going bad,but we shouldn't lose hope.Remember,next time little hut is on fire and we lost everything,maybe the smoke is calling for help for us.For all the bad things happen to us,life has good answers for them.
The question is: What happened to Tom?
The possible answers are:
A:He fell into a river.
B:He was washed up on an island.
C:He lives on a small island.
D:He was free.Like most cultures around the world, the Zulu people of Africa tell stories that have animals as heroes. These stories are meant to have fun, but they are also used to teach important lessons to children. This is one of those stories.
One hot afternoon, Jackal was walking along the rocky road sniffing   the ground. He was hoping to smell a mouse or a lizard  , or something else that would be good to eat. He was so much lost in sniffing that he wasn't really paying attention to what was around himself.
Suddenly, Jackal looked up to see his neighbor, Lion, walking straight toward him. He did not have enough time to run way. Jackal had played many tricks on Lion over the years, so he knew he would be in trouble if he was caught. Jackal needed to think of something quickly.
"Help! Help!" cried Jackal as he quickly jumped upon a large rock hanging over the road. "The rocks are falling down, and I can't hold them much longer. We shall both be crushed   if you do not do your best to hold these rocks back, Lion"
At once, Lion pushed his strong shoulder against the rocks to keep them from moving any further. "I'll just run over here to get something to stop the rocks." shouted Jackal as he ran way to safety. Lion stayed _ against the unmoving rocks for quite a long time before he realized that Jackal had tricked him yet again!
The question is: What lesson does the story teach us?
The possible answers are:
A:Trust  your friend, trust yourself
B:Work hard, and you'll succeed.
C:Help others when they are in trouble.
D:Try to find a quick way out when in trouble.In a surprising result, the No. 69 Middle School girls' football team yesterday beat their school's boys' team. The boys' team often helped the girls with their training  . They had never lost to the girls before, but this time the girls beat them 4 -- 3.
After the game, Wu Nai, head of the boys' team, was very unhappy. "We all thought this would be an easy game," he said. "We never thought a team of girls could beat us. This is the saddest day of my life. "
But Mr Hu, the boys' PE teacher, said he thought the girls should win. "The boys were too confident  ," he said. "I told them before the match that they needed to play well. They all thought that girls' football was a joke. Now they know better. They didn't play carefully, and they lost."
The match had started well for the boys. After 30 minutes, they were winning 2 - 0. Their best player, Lu Ming, scored in the thirtieth minute. Earlier, the mid-field player, Ma Zhengquan, had scored the first goal in only the second minute of the match.
After the first half hour, the boys seemed to become too confident. At first, the girls had felt a bit nervous  , but then they became more and more confident. Just before half time, Li Xiaolin made the score 2 - 1.
In the second half, the boys were the first to score. It was from Lu Ming. After that the boys became lazy, but the girls kept on working hard. Hao Meiling scored in the 68th minute, to make the score 3 -- 2. Then Li Xiaolin scored twice in the last six minutes to make the last score 4-3. It was a surprising finish.
The girls' PE teacher, Miss Wang, was very pleased with their work. "They were great!" She said. "I told them they could win. I told them that the most important thing was teamwork. The boys' team had some good players, but my girls were a better team!"
The question is: Which of the following is right?
The possible answers are:
A:The girls made only one goal in the first half.
B:The girls even made 3 more goals than the boys in the second half.
C:Many people thought the girls could beat the boys before the match.
D:The girls' team had some better players than the boys'.Laura is at the airport. She waits for her plane.Her plane is to Berlin,and it is 4 hours away.Laura walks around the shops.
After an hour she wants to go to the bathroom.But she doesn't find it."Where is the bathroom?"she says.She starts asking other people.Laura says to a man,"Excuse me,sir,could you please tell me where the bathroom is?"The man says,"You mean the restroom,right?"Laura says,"No,I mean the bathroom.""Well,the restroom is over there."He says and walks away.
Laura doesn't understand .She asks a woman,"Excuse me,madam,could you please tell me where the bathroom is?""The restroom is over there,"the lady answers andwalks away.
Laura is _ ."What's wrong? I need to use the bathroom and they tell me to rest!"
Then Laura gives up .She feels tired and thinks she needs to rest.
She walks to the restroom.Now she is surprised.She realizes the restroom is the name for a public bathroom!
The question is: Laura will go to  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:the airport
B:the shop
C:a restaurant
D:BerlinMiss Smith is only twenty. She is of medium build, and she has brown, curly hair. She likes children and her teaching work. From Monday to Friday she stays at school and teaches the children. She has a lot of work to do every day, but she often plays games with her students after school. The children like her a lot. On Sundays she usually drives her car to her parents' house and stays with her parents, but sometimes she goes to see her friends on Sunday. She drives back to school on Monday morning. She likes singing, dancing and swimming. She is a good teacher.
The question is: Miss Smith likes  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:sports
B:her students
C:her work
D:A, B and CWorking on a team is a good thing. But it can bring you some troubles. If people on your team are not good at communicating, you may often feel terrible. To create a successful team, good communication is the most necessary part for both team members and the leader. The following are some helpful suggestions.
Don't criticize other people. When someone on your team does something wrong, don't criticize him. You can help him to find out reasons and then help him to solve the problem. Criticizing your team members too often may make them keep away from you. As a result, you may feel lonely.
Think about other people's ideas carefully. When someone tells you about his ideas, you should think about them carefully, no matter how silly they may seem. This shows you are interested in his ideas and makes him feel good.
Listen to other people actively. When someone is speaking to you, you need to listen to him actively. If you're unclear about something, you should ask him about it. By doing this you can clear up any confusion  before moving on.
Share your ideas with other people. When you have a new idea, talk about it with your team members. This helps to improve the idea. Besides this, it also helps to improve your relationships between you and your team members.
The question is: If you criticize your team members too often, they will  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:feel lonely
B:keep away from you
C:be afraid of you
D:correct their mistakesAudrey is a Chinese-American student. She has found many value differences between Chinese and Americans.
About money
Americans would like to spend more than they have, so many of them are always in debt . Chinese usually spend less than they have, so many of them have money left in the bank.
American kids love to make money by themselves. Chinese kids always ask their parents for money.
American parents think it is not useful to send their children to an expensive university. Chinese parents would do anything to send their children to a good university and that might make them very poor sometimes.
About school
Many American girls take part in sports, dancing and singing groups while Chinese girls take part in _ groups.
Some American students think that "B" is a gift while Chinese students think that "B" is terrible.
American parents and Chinese parents
American parents allow their daughters or sons to go out to have some part-time jobs in their free time or at the weekends. Chinese parents usually don't allow their children to do so in middle or high schools.
The question is: Some Chinese people have money left in the bank because   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:they usually spend less than they have
B:they spend more than they have
C:they don't like spend money at all
D:they make a lot of moneyA: Recently, the word "clone" appeared very often in the newspapers. Do you know its meaning?
B: Not exactly, I read a report in yesterday's newspaper. It said there was a Scottish Dolly. It was the first time that a cloned lamb had been made from an adult sheep.
A: Actually, the word "clone" means to produce the "same" animal by taking cells from an adult one, I think, if we know how to do cloning, we need only keep a small number of sheep, cows or horses.
B: There's more to it. Recently there have been some people who ever want to clone humans.
A: It seems interesting. But do you think it is possible to do that?
B: No, I don't think so. First I think we cannot clone a dead person, because the cells in his body are dead already.
A: Then we can clone a living person?
B: Again no! You might clone yourself one after another, but it is only a replica , not real you. It is only something, not a human.
A: Now, you mean that a real human can speak, think and create, and these abilities cannot be cloned?
B: True enough! I think the main purpose of Dr. Lan Wilmot, the "father" of Dolly, is to make better animals. It has nothing to do with human cloning.
,.
The question is: According to the dialog, the word "clone" often appeared  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:in the newspaper
B:on TV
C:in the magazines
D:over the radioIf you go to visit London,you will see a lot of buses and cars on the road,you will also see a lot of bikes because more people travel by bike.Why?
There are a lot of reasons for this.First,it's very cheap to buy a bike,and riding bikes is quick, too.You often need to wait for a bus for half an hour.When the bus comes,there are so many other buses and cars on the roads so the bus moves very slowly.The underground  train is quick but very expensive.
I travel to work by bus for about four years.I often arrive at work late and feel tired.Then one day , a friend of mine says, "I go to work by bike,why don't we travel together?""Because my bike's old,"I answer,"and there are so many buses and cars on the road.I feel afraid...""Don't be afraid!"says my friend,"If you follow me and we ride slowly,you will be fine."
Two days later I buy a new bike.We go slowly, but we arrive at work quickly. I spend 40 minutes going by bus, but only half an hour by bike! Now I love riding a bike. And I feel healthy. Many people think my idea is good and maybe you'll see more bikes on the road in the future.
Many people think in the same way as I do.That's why you see a lot of bikes on the road.Who knows,perhaps in the future we'll have roads for bicycles only.I hope so!
The question is: There are   _   people travelling by bike now in London.
The possible answers are:
A:no
B:fewer
C:more
D:a lotWe often praise the world of science. It explains the world and makes our lives easier with technology. One of the most exciting fields in science is artificial intelligence ( AI). This is an area where scientists are working on making machines that think like humans.
However, Professor Stephen Hawking, a well-known British scientist, is not for _ kind of technology. "The development of artificial intelligence could spell  the end of human". He said so just after using the machine made for him. As Hawking has a serious illness called ALS, he needs an AI computer to communicate. The computer learns how Hawking thinks and suggests the words he may want to use next.
This kind of AI is very useful, but Hawking fears the possibility of making machines that can be smarter than humans. And it's easy to imagine how terrible things may be. We can see on TV some big killer machines that are far cleverer than us. "Humans can't compete because of their slow biological evolution  " said Hawking. But no everyone holds the same idea towards AI technology. "I believe we can make good use of the technology for a long time. It will help us to solve many problems in the future." said Rollo Carpenter, CEO of Cleverbot in the UK.
In which way do you think AI is heading? Should we be hopeful or fearful?
The question is: According to the passage, AI machines can  _  nowadays.
The possible answers are:
A:be much smarter than humans
B:think like human beings
C:make our lives easier
D:have nothing to do with humansChina's Winter Olympians have been welcomed home as national heroes from Vancouver, Canada. The country enjoyed its best Winter Games results, collecting 11 medals in Vancouver--including  5 gold medals.
With flowers and national flags in hands, many people waited at Beijing Airport for hours. Every member was received by a crowd of family members and friends. Hundreds of workers and fans welcomed the athletes and coaches back with color balloons and ribbons.
Wang Meng who won three gold medals in Vancouver Winter Olympics said, "We have shown the Olympic spirit and our Chinese sports spirit at the Vancouver Olympics. We Chinese athletes didn't fear to meet the strong opponents   and had good team work."
,.
The question is: How did China's Winter Olympians come back?
The possible answers are:
A:By train.
B:By ship.
C:By bus.
D:By plane.If you go to Finland, you'll be surprised to find how "foolish" the Finnish people are.
Take the taxi drivers for example. Taxis in Finland are mostly high class Benz with a fare   of two US dollars a kilometer. You can go anywhere in one, tell the driver to drop you at any place, say that you have some business to attend to, and then get off without paying your fare. And the driver would not show the least sign of worry.
The dining rooms in all big hotels not only serve their guests, but also outside diners. Hotel guests have their meals free, so their good faith is to wave their registration card to the waiter. With such a loose check, you can easily use any old registration card to take a couple of friends and dine free of charge.
With so many loopholes   in everyday life, surely Finland must be a heaven to those who love to take "pretty advantages". But the strange things is, all the taxi-passengers would always come back to pay their fare after they have attended to their business; not a single outsider has ever been found in the free hotel dining rooms. As the Finns always act on good faith and always show an attitude of "which is which" and "what is what" in everything they do, so to live in such a society has turned everyone into a real "gentleman". In a society of such high moral practice, what need is there for people to take precautions   against others?
The question is: The sentences "which is which" and "what is what" show that   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:the Finns are foolish
B:the Finns take things seriously
C:the Finns are busy making money for the family
D:the Finns never take precaution against othersToday is fine.The sky is blue.Now it'snine o'clock in the morning.There's a sports meeting in the forest on the big mountain.
Look,a horse,a panda and a cat are running.Over there a dog and two tigers are jumping.Two monkeys are climbing the trees.Four birds are flying around and singing.
There's some other animals there, too.The elephants are standing.A monkey in sitting on an old elephant.The monkey has a flay in his hand.polly is sitting in the tree.A fox, ababy panda and some small animals are sitting under the tree.They are all watching.
The question is: What's the weather like today?
The possible answers are:
A:rain
B:fine
C:windy
D:CloudyWater can be a liquid, a solid or a gas. When it is a solid, it can be as hard as stone. When it is a liquid, it can run through your fingers. When it is a gas, you may not see or feel it.
Water can change from a solid to a liquid or to a gas easily. This is why we always have fresh water. Now let us find out how it does. The heat of the sun turns liquid water into gas from the oceans, seas, rivers and lakes. The heat also turns liquid water into gas from the ground, the plants and the animals. Water in the gas rises and turns into clouds in the air.
When the clouds come near a mountain, they rise high. As the clouds rise, they get cooler. The higher they rise, the cooler they become. Then more and more water gas turn into water drops. In this way, the drops of water in the clouds get bigger and bigger. Then they fall to the earth as rain.
,
The question is: What is the solid of water?
The possible answers are:
A:Rain
B:Gas
C:Stone
D:IceThere are some easy things you can do to protect  the environment and the earth. Choose ideas from the list or come up with a few of your own.
* Plant flowers, grass or trees.
*Whenever you visit a park or beach, take away what you bring there----keep rubbish in a bag until you can put it in a dustbin  .
*Turn off the lights, TV sets when you leave the room. This saves  a lot of electricity.
*Turn off the tap  when you brush your teeth. You can save some water by not letting it run. Also, use a glass cup instead of a paper cup because this saves paper.
*Keep the doors and windows closed in winter to keep warm air in.
*Give your old books and magazines to a library instead of throwing them away.
*Give your old clothes to poor children you know instead of throwing them away.
*Use both sides of paper.
*Stop pouring  dirty water into the rivers or the lakes nearby  .
*Encourage all your friends to do the same things you do to help protect the earth.
You don't have to wait until Earth Day to do these things. Make every day Earth Day.
If everyone makes a contribution  to protecting the environment, the world will become much more beautiful.
The question is: The writer tells us   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:to throw rubbish into a dustbin
B:to pour dirty water into the river
C:to save water by letting it run while we are brushing our teeth
D:that we can't do all these things until Earth DayIf the eyes are the windows of the soul, then the body is the mirror of our feelings. If we are feeling great, we may give our body signals . If we look at someone else's body, we can often tell how they are feeling by their body signals. So reading body language signals is a great tool in daily communication.
In case  you don't think that learning how to read and use body language is important, here are some numbers for you. 7% of the information we receive is from what people actually say, and 38% of the information we receive is from the tone  and the speed of their voice; while 55% of the information we receive is from their body language.
These non-verbal  signals will help you a lot, but you still need to focus on what people are saying. If you focus too much on their body language signals, you and the person may feel uncomfortable. It is useful to be able to read people's body language, but it is useful to learn how to send the right signals and avoid the wrong signals too. Body language may be given several interpretations. Many signals have different meanings, depending on the person and the situation. Be sure of it when you are trying to read a body language signal.
The question is: We can infer  that the writer will most probably talk about   _   next.
The possible answers are:
A:what the wrong body language signals are
B:examples of how to understand body language correctly.
C:numbers about how many people wrongly use body language
D:an analysis   of why people wrongly understand body languageThe big red American car was much too wide for an English country road. When Jack saw it coming toward him, he stopped his own car at the side of the road to make room for it to pass. The American car went slowly past, so close that he could see the driver's face quite clearly.
"Where have I seen that face before?" he thought. "Wait a minute! I remember now. It was in the newspaper!" He took out the newspaper from his bag, turned quickly to the middle page. There was a picture of his face in it. Yes, it had a large mouth and small ears, and his eyes were behind dark glasses.
"Wanted by the police," read by Jack. "The City Bank will give a lot of money to anyone who helps the police to catch this man."
"Call the police at once", he said to himself. But a few minutes later, he was sad. "This man was caught this morning", answered the police.
The question is: Who caught the man with a large mouth and small ears?
The possible answers are:
A:The police
B:Jack
C:Nobody
D:The American driverOne day, many years ago, when I was working as a psychologist  in England, David was brought into my office. His face was pale and he looked at his own feet.
David lost his father when he was two years old and lived with his mother and grandfather ever since. But the year before he turned 13, his grandfather died and his mother was killed in a car accident. His teacher told me that he refused to talk to others from then on.
How could I help him?
David didn't say a word. As he was leaving, I put my hand on his shoulder."Come back next week if you like. "I said.
He came and I suggested we play a game of chess. He agreed. After that we played chess every Wednesday afternoon--in complete silence. Usually, he arrived earlier than agreed.   It seemed  that he liked to be with me. But why didn't he ever look at me?
"Perhaps he simply needs someone to share his pain  with," I thought.
Months later, when I was looking at his head, he suddenly looked up at me. "It's your turn," he said. After that day, David started talking. He finally got friends in school and he even joined a bicycle club. He wrote to me a few times. Now he had re ally started to live his life.
Maybe I gave David something. But I learned a lot from him. I learned how time makes it possible to get over what seems to be painful. David showed me how to help people like him. All they need is a shoulder to cry on, a friendly touch and an ear that listens.
The question is: David's father died when he was    _   years old.
The possible answers are:
A:13
B:2
C:5
D:6Although most of Pakistanis live in the countryside, still many Pakistanis live in cities. Karachi has over 5 million people and Lahore has over 3 million people. Islamabad was built to be Pakistan's capital. The rich city people live in large, air conditioned houses.
Pakistan has 121,000 miles of roads. Bus services and minibuses are available to the public. The trains are still the most common transport of long-distance travel for Pakistanis. Pakistan also has an airline that operates domestic and international flights.
It is difficult to identify   Pakistani food because the country shares food traditions with its neighbour, India. The main difference between Pakistani and Indian food is that Pakistani food is less spicy  . Pakistani dishes are often made with yoghurt , which reduces the effect of the hot spices used in cooking.
Wheat is the main food for most of the people. It is eaten in the form of bread named chapattis or roti, together with vegetables in season. Sweet tea, milk, or lassi, a drink made from yoghurt, makes the meal perfect. Those who can afford to buy it eat meat, although in the countryside these are usually festival foods. Goat meat is a favourite. Pakistanis will not eat pork by the way.
The question is: The main food for most of the Pakistani people is  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:lassi
B:wheat
C:meat
D:porkBags of Love
Last year, I worked in a middle school near my mother's house, and I stayed with her for a month. During that time, I helped her do some housework and buy some food.
After the first week, I noticed that the food was eaten up very quickly. Then I began keeping an eye on my mum. To my surprise, I found that she would put some of the food into a paper bag and go out with it at about nine every morning. And finally, I decided to follow her. I saw her taking the food to the street children. She would also spend a lot of time talking and playing with them.
One day, I talked to a neighbour and found out that my mum was well-known in the area. The children were very friendly with her and even thought of her as their own mother. Then it hit me - why wouldn't she want to tell me about it? Was she worried that I would stop buying food if I found out?
When my mum got home, I gave her a big hug  .I told her she didn't need to keep it a secret from me. And she told me something about the children. Some of them lived with an old lady in a small house. Others slept on the street. For years, she was helping the poor street children by giving them food. After she told me everything, I was so moved by how selfless   she was. She helped others in need. As her son, I was so proud of my mum.
I continued to buy food for my mum after that. But I always added one more bag for her other children.
The question is: The writer added one more bag of food to   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:make friends with the children
B:get a hug from his mother
C:become well-known in the area
D:help the poor street childrenMr. Li was in bed and was trying to go to sleep when he heard the bell ring . He turned on the light and looked at his clock. It was half past twelve. "Who can it be at this time of night?" he wondered. He decided to go and find out .So he got out of bed, put on his dressing gown and went to the door. When he opened the door, there was nobody there. "That's very strange." He thought. Then he went back to his bedroom, took off his dressing gown, got back into bed, turned off the light and tried to go to sleep.
A few minutes later he heard the bell ring again. Mr. Li jumped out of bed very quickly and rushed to the door. He opened it, but again he found no one there. He shut the door and found a piece of paper with some words on it: "It is now after midnight, so it is April 1st. April fool to you!"
"Oh, it was the English boy next door!" Mr. Li exclaimed, and almost smiled, He went back to bed and fell asleep immediately. The bell did not ring again.
The question is: When he opened the door for the first time, there was   _   there.
The possible answers are:
A:a boy
B:a piece of paper
C:someone
D:nobodyTom and Edward are brothers. They are very different  in many aspects . Tom likes basketball very much. It's very interesting for him. He likes tennis, too. But he doesn't like soccer. He thinks it's difficult and boring.
Edward, his brother, likes soccer best. He thinks it's so exciting and interesting. He plays it every day, and he has a collection of four tennis balls. But he doesn't like tennis.
They also like different food. Tom likes eggs and fruits. Apples are his favorite. But Edward likes meat  and vegetables, and broccoli is his favorite.
But they also have the same hobbies. They like rock music very much. They like Beatles very much. They can also play the drums and the guitar well. They make  a band with their best friend, Cindy. The band's name is Sea. The people around like their band very much.
The question is: What instruments can Tom and Edward play?
The possible answers are:
A:The guitar.
B:The drums.
C:The guitar and the drums.
D:The violin.The favorite food in the United States is the hamburger. The favorite place to buy a hamburger is a fast food restaurant. At fast food restaurant, people order their food, wait a few minutes, and carry it to their tables themselves. People also take their food out of the restaurant and eat it in their cars or in their homes. At some fast food restaurant, people can order their food, pay for it and pick it up without leaving their cars. There are many kinds of fast food restaurant in the United States. The greatest in number sell hamburger, French fries and so on. They are popular among Americans. Besides, fast food restaurant that serve Chinese food, Mexican food, Italian food, chicken, seafood and ice-cream are very many. The idea of a fast food restaurant is so popular that nearly every kind of food can be found in one.
Fast food restaurant are popular because they reflect  American life style. Customer can wear any type of dress when they go to a fast food place. Second, they are fast. People who are busy do not want to spend time preparing their own food or waiting while someone prepares it. In fast food restaurant, food is not expensive. Therefore, people often buy and eat at a fast restaurant, while they may not be able to go to a more expensive restaurant very often.
The question is: _   of fast food restaurant sell hamburger, French fries.
The possible answers are:
A:All
B:Most
C:Few
D:NoneI was in the park with my elder sister, Cathy, on Friday. My sister left her jacket on a chair while we talked to some friends. When we went back to the chair, a girl in a red T-shirt was sitting there. She had some money in her hand. When she saw us, she stood up and walked away.
I asked my sister, "Did you have any money in your jacket?"
She said, "Yes, Anna, I did."
I said, "Look in your jacket quickly."
Cathy looked in her jacket, but her money was not there.
"That girl stole it!" I said, and we both ran after her. We caught her quickly.
My sister was very angry and she said, "Give me the money." The girl gave the money to Cathy and ran away. We both ran after her, but we lost her.
Then we went home. But before we could tell our parents, my mother said to Cathy, "You left your money at home. It's on the table in the sitting room. You must be more careful with money."
So the girl in the red T-shirt was not a thief! She probably thought we were thieves! We felt terrible.
Please telephone us if you know this girl! We are very sorry for our mistake. We would like to say sorry to her and give the money back to her.
Our number is 512667. My name is Anna.
The question is: The two sisters found that the money wasn't Cathy's  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:when the girl ran away from them
B:after they heard their mother's words
C:when the girl came to ask for it
D:when they caught herHomework should be done as soon as you get home from school. If you have after-school activities, the homework should be done first. At the same time, it is fine to allow for a snack break and also to allow for stretching breaks.
Also, you should remember that it is your duty to do your homework. Next time, when you want to depend on Mom and Dad for help, please try to find the answer yourself, because you will learn much, much more that way.
When you have a question, especially something about a science or math, don't always turn to your teacher! It is a good idea to try to find the answer yourself. If this doesn't work, you can also look at the materials in the back of the book. They may guide you to the pages you should look at to help you understand the problem.
Finally, while doing homework, don't think about or do other things. Keep working. Setting a time limit  often helps with this. Different ages decide different amounts of time. 10-15 minutes is good for a child that's aged 6-8. A time of 20-30 minutes is about right for a child aged 9-12. Kids can keep studying for 30-45 minutes from the ages of 13 to 15. This, of course, depends on your abilities to pay attention and stay on tasks.
The question is: The passage mainly tells children   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:not to look away while doing homework
B:to do homework by themselves
C:not to turn to teachers when doing homework
D:to do their homework quickly and in the right way'Mr. Zhang, our geography teacher, held a map of the world and asked us where we would like to travel. Li Ming said, "I like countries with an interesting history, such as China, Egypt, Greece and Italy. They are all old countries with a long history. You can see many old buildings in these countries, such as the Great Wall, the Pyramids  and the Acropolis ."
The teacher asked, "Do you want to go to places with beautiful beaches?"
Yang Ying said, "Of course. It's pleasant to visit places with fine weather and beautiful beaches. For example, the U.S.A., Australia and Malaysia  have beautiful beaches."
Shanshan said, "I know many countries in Southeast Asia have beautiful beaches. But I like visiting countries where the people are very friendly and helpful to visitors."
Mr. Zhang said, "Remember: hotel, food and souvenirs   always cost us much money. So we should make a good plan before we go to visit other countries."
,.
The question is: How many countries were mentioned   in the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:4.
B:5.
C:7.
D:8.Do you like to play outside? Do you like to run? Do you like to play with a ball? You can do all of these things if you play soccer.
Soccer players cannot throw and catch the ball. They cannot touch the ball with their hands. Soccer players can only kick the ball.
Soccer is played with two teams. There is a goal  for each team. Players on one team want to kick the ball into one goal. Players on the other team want to kick the ball into the other goal. Players score when the ball goes into the other team's goal. They make one point.
Lots of people play soccer. You can be young or old, big or small. Soccer is easy to play. All you need is a ball and a place to play. Then find enough players to make two teams.
The question is: When can the players score?
The possible answers are:
A:When they kick the ball into the other team's goal.
B:When they kick the ball into a big net on the ground.
C:When they kick the ball into their own goal.
D:When they kick the ball into the space behind their team.Dick often goes traveling when the summer holiday begins. But he was out of luck this summer.
He went to an old temple on a high mountain by himself. On his way there it suddenly began to rain heavily and he hurried to go down the mountain. When he got to the foot of the mountain, he found the wooden bridge was under the water, so he had to spend the rainy night in a broken farmhouse. He was so hungry that he hardly fell asleep.
The next morning the rain stopped and he found the bridge was damaged. He saw the river was not too deep and tried to swim across it. In the middle of the river the water nearly washed him away. Luckily , two farmers saved him, but he lost his bag. They gave him some food and dry clothes. He thanked them and went to the nearest town to call up his parents.
At the end of the street, Dick found a small hotel and went in. He asked the price for a room.
"A room on the first floor is twenty dollars, on the second floor, fifteen dollars and on the third, ten dollars," answered the owner.
The young man had only eight dollars in all his pockets. He said thanks and was leaving. The owner asked, "Don't you like our hotel?"
"Yes, it's good," said Dick, "but it's not tall enough!"
The question is: Why couldn't Dick go to sleep that rainy night?
The possible answers are:
A:Because he was afraid of the dark.
B:Because he had nothing for supper.
C:Because he felt cold.
D:Because he couldn't call his parents.Do you know you could get sick just by walking past a building? The bacteria  that cause Legionnaire's disease grow very fast in large modern buildings. They are carried by air through the buildings and outside. Legionnaire s disease is only one of the illnesses that are caused by "sick buildings".
Some buildings can make you ill because their heating and air-conditioning  are controlled . Air from outside cannot get in through the closed windows; This indoor air pollution is a growing problem.
Legionnaire's disease may be the most serious result of sick buildings, but other unpleasant illnesses can appear.People who work in some buildings suffer  from tiredness, feeling sick and headaches. Their offices look bright and clean, but invisible  and dangerous bacteria are in the air around them.
There is an answer to the problem. The air-conditioning and heating can be tested for bacteria. _ This is expensive to do, but the results are good. The people in the buildings no longer get sick, and everybody is happier.
The question is: We can tell that a building might be "sick" when   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:the windows are all closed
B:bacteria can be seen in the air
C:the air-conditioning and heating don't work well
D:people in it have got different kinds of diseasesOn Children's Day 2004,Hong Kong held an interesting activity.In this activity,children and their parents played the rich and the poor.In the dinner,the rich could have delicious food,but the poor could only have bread with porridge.
Parents all hoped to have the dinner for the poor with their children.They hoped that their children could be taught a lesson from the dinner.
Now many people on earth don't have enough food or clothing.Every day only half of the world could enjoy enough food.
The activity was held to make the families understand the differences between the poor and the rich and also make parents know that too much material life won't always do good to the children.
The question is: From the news report we're clear that  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:children often change their minds
B:children of the poor work harder at school
C:children of the rich don't like the activity
D:children shouldn't be given too much material lifeWhen I was four years old, I wanted nothing more in life than to play the piano. My best friend Betty had a piano. But Betty hardly played it at all. She would rather play hide-and-seek. It didn't seem fair.
One day my mother came to pick me up from Betty's house. "Watch this!" I told her. Then I ran to play a song I had learned that morning. I was so proud of what I'd learned. "That's nice, Jenny," she said. "But we can't afford a piano."
When I turned six, my mother bought me a recorder . The problem was that I didn't love the recorder. When I played the recorder, I didn't feel anything special inside. I asked my mother if we could have a piano. "We still can't afford one," she said. "One day, I promise."
In the sixth grade, my mother traded in the recorder for a real clarinet . I like the clarinet more, but it still wasn't a piano. It wasn't the music that was inside of me.
One day, when I was in the seventh grade, my mother cut an ad out of the newspaper. We drove to a stranger's home in Providence, Rhode Island. The woman had a beautiful, dark wood piano from Russia. It was called an upright piano because it was tall. It was so shiny that it looked like it was wet. "We'll take it," my mother said. "It has a nice sound."
After that, I played the piano every single day.When I left for school in the morning, I would leave the sheet music open on the piano. When I got home, I would walk straight to the piano and sit down and start playing the sheet music. I even played if I stayed home sick. I had finally found the music inside of me.
Do you struggle with music? Have you been given an instrument to play, but you just can't play it? Maybe you think you're just no good or that you don't have any musical talent. Don't get discouraged. It's not true! We all have music inside of us, even if it's just what we listen to. Now it's up to you to find the right way to set that music free.
The question is: What is the passage mainly about?
The possible answers are:
A:How Jenny found the music inside of her.
B:What benefits Jenny got from making music.
C:How Jenny learned to play musical instruments.
D:What trouble Jenny had taking up music as a hobby.Christopher Reeve was born in September, 1952. He was in his first school play when he was eight and he started to act in TV shows and films while he was still in college. He made many successful films and TV shows but he is most famous for his Superman films.
Unfortunately, disaster came in 1995 when he fell from his horse and broke his back. The doctors did not expect him to live. However, he made amazing progress. At first, he couldn't breathe without a machine, but he learnt to breathe on his own. He would never walk again but he started a new life with great courage.
The second year after his accident, Christopher returned to film making. He also raised a lot of money to promote medical research into back injuries. He made speeches all over the USA about his experiences. This not only drew public attention to research into back injuries but also encouraged a lot of people living with all kinds of problems.
From their home, Christopher and his wife Dana spoke about their life after the accident.
Could you say something about your life after the accident?
"Four days after the accident, I came to understand my situation. The doctors said I was not going to pull through. Those days were terrible. But my wife Dana said, "You are still you and I love you. Be confident in yourself." And that saved my life. Since that moment I have never thought of giving up."
What do you think of your family?
"Great! Dana is so wonderful.We have always got on really well.My parents often quarreled with each other when I was young.But they've got closer since the accident."
How do you spend your time?
"I spend most of my time on charity work to improve the life for all disabled people.I think they need my help. With the progress of new medical research, I'm confident that people like me would be able to walk again one day. So you can see _ !"
Christopher Reeve died on October 10, 2004. But people all over the world will always remember him as a superhero.
The question is: Which of the following words can best describe Reeve?
The possible answers are:
A:Brave
B:Crazy
C:Humorous
D:Careful"Please take my penny," said Maggie to old Dan, the fisherman, who sat on a bench repairing his nets.
Her brother Andrew drew her back, whispering, "Maggie, he is not a beggar  !"
But Maggie paid no attention. "Please take it," she said again. Old Dan smiled, and took it. "Thank you, little miss," he said, "It is kindly meant."
After that, Maggie went to the beach to gather shells. She never thought how fast the hours were passing until being tired, she sat down on a rock beside a little pool. Soon she was scared by a noise near her, and Dan's large dog Rover jumped down from a rock!
He licked her hands and made a loud noise, and then began gently to pull her coat. "Rover wishes me to come away, I see," she said, and she rose from the rock and began to go home. However, that was not so easy as she had expected. She found the places she had gone down easily very difficult to climb up, and as the tide   had been coming in for some time. She found some of the stones wet and smooth.
What could poor Maggie do? She felt sad and cried, but the waves made a much louder noise than she could make, and perhaps she would have been drowned   without good wise Rover.
Rover jumped upon a big stone and raised his loud bark until even the waves could not drown it.
The fisherman had taken his nets to the top of the cliffs  , and was laying them out in the sun when he heard the loud barking of a dog. He felt sure that it was Rover, and Rover in trouble, so, going to the edge of the cliffs, he looked over. There he saw it all--Rover barking for help, and the little child standing beside him.
"Bless her! It is the little one that was so kind-spoken to me this morning!" he cried, and he hurried to his sons' home.
"Quick, boys, quick!" he said. "Get to the boat, and row fast to the bay  . There is a poor child there just waiting to be drowned." The fishermen lost no time, and soon little Maggie and Rover were rowed safely to land! Old Dan was waiting there to lift her out, and give her into her mother's arms.
"It was the penny that did it, madam," he said to Mrs. Weston later. "I saw Rover looking at her when she put the penny so kind-like into my hand--just as if he would have said, 'Rover will be your friend now, little girl.' And I am thinking he had been looking after her all the day, for he never came near me after that."
Some years later, Rover came to Maggie's home with a little note, in which was written-- "Will Maggie help Rover?--his master is dead."
The question is: Which word can best describe Maggie?
The possible answers are:
A:Funny.
B:Helpful.
C:Creative.
D:Silly.Zheng He was an amazing man. He was born in 1371. Eleven years later, he was caught by the army of a rich young man called Zhu Di and made to work for him. Over time the rich man saw that Zheng He was very clever and strong and they became close friends. In 1403 Zhu Di was made the King of China and he asked Zheng He to join his government.
The King wanted to learn more about the world and show other countries his power. He ordered many new ships to be built and made Zheng He their leader. between 1405 and 1433, Zheng He led seven sea trips to different parts of the world. He certainly travelled to India, Africa and the Middle East. A few people think his ships have even reached South America and Australia.
Each trip lasted between two and four years and it is believed he sailed more than 50,000 kms during the years of his travels.Zheng He led a fleet with 28,000 men and over 300 ships, such as boats for food, water and even soldiers' horses.
On these trips he brought with him many Chinese goods like silk and medicine to give to foreign kings or to sell for local goods. He returned from each trip with boats filled with expensive things such as gold and treasures, foreign guests and strange animals like a giraffe.
It is a pity that we may never learn everything about Zheng He' s travels. The Columbus of the east, Zheng He, died in 1433. After that, the new king, had these trips stopped and he burned almost all the books about Zheng He's travels, because he believed the trips were unlucky and too expensive. It is only in the last 50 years that historians have begun to carefully study the adventures of great Zheng He.
The question is: What do we know about Zheng He from the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:He travelled to India and Africa.
B:Each trip lasted six years.
C:When he died, he was 72 years old.
D:He was a great king.It was the Greek shopkeeper who taught me about the power of being kind.
In 2008, I left Spain to study alone in London. My parents had to bring up  my three younger sisters and two younger brothers, so I found three part-time jobs to pay for my studies. I worked early mornings and late nights, so I was tired, really tired, all the time.
Unluckily, I got a cold and had a very high fever. Because I was new in London, I had no friends. Besides, I was too shy to talk with others and ask others for help. After sleeping on the bed for two days, I went out to get some food. Usually, I went to the supermarket, but this time I went into the Greek shop, a small corner shop, because it was closer.
I picked up some food and gave it to the shopkeeper, who asked me, 'You look terrible, my boy! You are not feeling well, right?'
I said YES in a low voice.
She pointed at the salami   and bread I was buying and offered, 'I can make you a sandwich, so you don't have to do it yourself.'
I nodded without saying a word.
So, she made the sandwich and asked me to wait a moment. She went into the back room and came again with a bowl of hot soup.
'It will warm you up,' she said with a friendly smile.
What really warmed me up was not the soup. It was her smile that told me she cared me. Her kindness  made me think of my mother.
I was quite shy, but from that day on, I did not let shyness stop me from talking with and being kind to others. Now I work in a children's hospital in Africa. I love my work and people around me. I always bring my smile and kindness to them.
The question is: What did the shopkeeper not do for the writer?
The possible answers are:
A:She made the sandwich.
B:She cooked a bowl of hot soup.
C:She made some bread.
D:She sold him some salami.In the most southern part of our planet, there's a place that's covered with snow and ice all year round. But it has the clearest and cleanest air. Amazingly, in this place, the sun sometimes hangs even in the midnight sky. This place is Antarctica  : the coldest, windiest and harshest   place on the Earth.
As the world's least-known place, Antarctica is of great interest to scientists around the world. In 1983, China joined the Antarctic Treaty (<<>> ). The treaty made Antarctica a peaceful place for member countries to do scientific research. During 30 years, China has sent many scientists to Antarctica. They mostly look at the resources under the icy land and do research about climate change and marine   biology.
Antarctica is a place with fantastic views. However, life there is very hard. Food is one of the biggest problems. Frozen food which can be heated easily is people's daily food. Fresh vegetables are hard to grow in the cold weather. Therefore, scientists often eat dried or canned vegetables.
Sleep is also troublesome. In Antarctica, summer lasts from November to March. During this period, Antarctica points to the sun and receives sunlight 24 hours a day. In order to get some sleep, scientists cover the windows with black plastic cloth to create "night".
Working in Antarctica is dangerous, especially when meeting gale-force winds.Sometimes the wind is even stronger than a typhoon.It can easily blow people away.So there are ropes that connect buildings of some research stations.People can hold these ropes to keep their balance in forceful winds.
What's more, communicating with others is difficult. Without cables and Internet in some research stations, two-way radios are the only tools to communicate. If people want to say hello to friends and relatives, they can use satellite phones.
Although it is challenging  to work in Antarctica, scientists' _ to learn about this mysterious land will never end. It is hopeful that one day they will step every corner of this icy land.
The question is: Scientists from China go to Antarctica to   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:find out ways to control water pollution
B:research climate change and marine biology
C:grow plants and vegetables in special condition
D:stop the hunters from killing the marine biologyMy name is Tom. I'm nine. This is my mother.Her name's Linda Johnson. Her telephone number is 13052864515.And this is my father.His name is Mike Johnson. His phone number is 13120884699.And this is my sister.What's her name?Her name is Mary. Look!The boy is my brother Nick. Mary is eight and Nick is six.
The question is: Father's telephone number is   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:13120884699
B:13120884966
C:13052864515
D:13120889466Many French teachers and parents complain that their kids are less bright than they were. They say young people visit museums less often and spend too much time on the Internet. They only read comics  and listen to music, and like American culture more than their own. But is this true?  A recent survey shows that many French kids spend their time as other kids always have.
Most French teens love music, with 86% putting it as their top hobby, above the cinema, sport and television.
French kids read a lot and like different things, from Japanese cartoons to American novels.
Many French people worry that their children watch too many American films and listen to too much American music.
But the results of this survey show that French young people like their own culture.
As Silvia Berlin, a student from Paris, says, " _ "
The question is: The French kids like all of the following except   _   .
The possible answers are:
A:Japanese history
B:Japanese cartoons
C:American films
D:American musicModern life is impossible without traveling. The fastest way of traveling is by plane. With a modern airliner , you can travel in one day to places which needed a month or more to get to hundreds of years ago.
Traveling by train is slower than by plane, but you can see the places you are traveling through. Modern trains have comfortable seats and dining-cars. _ even make the longest journey enjoyable .
Some people prefer to travel by sea. You can visit many other countries or different parts of your country. Ships are not so fast as trains or planes, but traveling by sea is a very pleasant way to spend a holiday.
Many people like to travel by car. You can make your own timetable. You can travel three or four hundred miles or only fifty or one hundred miles a day, just as you like. You can stop if there is something interesting, for example, at a good restaurant where you can enjoy a good meal, or at a hotel to spend the night. That's why traveling by car is popular for pleasure trips, while people usually take a train or a plane when they travel on business.
The question is: How many ways of traveling are mentioned in the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:Four.
B:Three.
C:Two.
D:Six.It is time to go home now. I am on a bus on a rainy day, and a woman with a dog gets on the bus. It is a big dog and its feet are not clean.
I don't want the dog to sit next to me. But the woman says to the conductor, "oh, I pay for my dog. Can he sit here like the other people?"
The conductor looks at the dog and says, "yes, madam. But like other people , he must put his feet under the chair."
The question is: I am going home  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:by bike
B:by bus
C:by car
D:by jeepHere comes the last term of Junior 3. Terrible! The big exam is coming in less than two months. You still have a lot to do. How will you spend it? We invited three students to share their stories.
Dou Yi, 15,Beijing
My chemistry  used to be poor in the past. I got scores of around 40 on every test. During the last term, I decide to beat chemistry. I will start to work hard. In class I take every possible note. After school, I spend most of my time studying chemistry. My parents also ask their friend, a chemistry teacher, to help me . Finally in the latest exam, I got 65! How happy I am!
Wang Zhaolin, 16, Chongqing
My foot got hurt a week before the big PE exam . Luckily, I recovered  in time. For PE , all you need is to practice. Sports can also help you relax. Be careful not to get hurt as I did.
Wang Feixuan, 15, Xi'an
My experience is that for Junior3, every minute of the last term is important. Don't waste any of them. I try to remember English words while waiting in line to get my lunch. I read textbooks on the bus to and from school. I work hard at home and sometimes stay up late studying. Want to have fun? Leave it for the summer holiday after the big exam!
The question is: Dou Yi, from Beijing, works hard on chemistry by  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:taking every possible note
B:spending all his time playing
C:asking a chemistry teacher for help
D:Both A and CAugust 14, 2002
#The biggest shopping center KRF will open on August 18. Everyone with Today's newspaper will get a small gift. You are welcome.
Address: No. 6 Bridge Street
#English Newspaper, is looking for good English speakers as editors. He should study news in college. He will get $8,000 a year. Please send you application form  in 10 days.
Tel: 3898766 Address: No 5 Longway Street Email: englishnewspaper@yahoo.com
#Traditional Chinese doctor treatment. RMB 200/hourI'll go to your home.
Mobile: 137629390
#New York VS Chinese Dragon Team
Time: 7 PM Sunday, August 17    Place: Star Stadium
Price: RMB 300, RMB 280, RMB 180, RMB 80,
The question is: Bob comes from UK and studies news. He wants to work for the English newspaper. He should send his application form before  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:August 23
B:August 24
C:August 25
D:August 26Colorful hair speaks more about beauty. Now it becomes popular and people are dyeing their hair to make it different. Dyeing hair with natural products is good for health while dyeing with chemicals is harmful. Researches have found that dyeing hair with chemicals can make people have cancer.
Lead is very harmful for the human body and it is used in most hair dyes. Since the base of hair is the scalp ,you may have allergic reaction .
While dyeing your hair it is important to take some safety measures. You can follow them even when you are applying  dye on your hair at home.
* It is better to apply hair dye for a few minutes. If you leave your hair with dye, longer than the necessary time,then you may get some skin problems.
* Don't forget to wear gloves while applying dye on the hair. This will protect the skin of your
hands.
* After applying hair dye it is important to wash your hair with water.
* Hair dyes are made of chemicals. If you mix different hair dyes ,there may be chemical reaction.  So, It is not a good idea to mix different hair dyes at the same time.
* Finally all the bags of hair dyes carry the directions( ) Try to follow them very carefully. This will lower the chance of allergic reaction.
The question is: How can you make the chance of allergic reaction lower?
The possible answers are:
A:Dyewithchemicaldye.
B:Mixdifferenthairdyesatthesametime.
C:Leaveyourhairwithdyelonger.
D:Doasthedirectionstellyou.Dear Mary,
I'm sorry to hear that you didn't get good grades in math mid-term exam. And you said you spend a lot of time studying math. However, it is difficult for you to learn it well. I think you should find a right way to learn it. Here is my advice for you.
During the class
* Listen to the teacher and be sure to write down everything the teacher puts on the blackboard.
* If you don't understand a step or how to get the answer to the question, ask the teacher or a classmate for help right now.
* Underline key points while taking notes.
After the class
* Recopy each day's notes into a new notebook clearly.
* Do your homework every day carefully. And don't copy other students' homework.
* If a step is unclear or you don't know how to do it, ask for help soon. _ 
* Look for useful examples of how this kind of difficult problem is used in your textbook or other materials 
Before exam
* Review  all of your notes quickly and find out every missing problem at times.
* Work examples in the text each several times until you can do them quickly. This will help you improve the speed  needed for the exam.
If you do as I said, I think you will get good grades in the final exam. Come on! Mary.
The question is: The underline sentence "The only difficult question is the one that isn't asked." means   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:There is no difficult question in learning math.
B:There is no difficult question if you can ask for help.
C:There is only one difficult question in learning math.
D:There is only one difficult question if you ask for help.I'm a boy. My name is Tom White. I am ten years old. I am in Class 2, Grade 1. I'm in No. 1 Middle School. My teacher is Mr. Wu. I have a good friend at school He is Jim Green. Jim is his first name and Green is his last name. He is ten, too. But he is in Class 1, Grade 1. His teacher is Miss Wang.
, .
The question is: Tom and Jim are in   _
The possible answers are:
A:Grade 1
B:Grade 2
C:Grade 3
D:Grade 1 and Grade 2Have you ever wondered how and why a fall leaf changes color? We first have to understand what leaves are and what they do.
Plants are the world's food factories. Plants take water from the ground and take CO2from the air. Plants use sunlight to turn water and CO2into glucose . Glucose is a kind of sugar. Using it as food, plants get energy and grow. Plants using sunlight to turn water and CO2into sugar is called photosynthesis . _ helps photosynthesis. It gives plants their green color.
As summer ends and autumn comes, the days get shorter and shorter, and trees "know" to begin getting ready for winter. During winter, there is not enough light or water for photosynthesis. Trees rest during this time and live on the food they store during the summer. They begin to shut down their food -- making factories. As the green chlorophyII disappears from the leaves, we begin to see yellow and orange leaves. These colors have been in the leaves all the time. We just can't see them in the summer, because they are covered up by the green chlorophyII.
The bright reds and purples we see in leaves are made mostly in autumn. In some trees, glucose is caught in the leaves after photosynthesis stops. Sunlight and the cool nights of autumn turn this glucose into a red color. The brown color of trees is made from waste left in the leaves. It is mixture  of all these things. It makes the beautiful leaves during autumn.
.
The question is: Which of the following is NOT true according to the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:Glucose is a kind of sugar and plants use it as food for energy and growing.
B:Leaves turn red because sunlight and the cool nights of autumn turn glucose into a red color.
C:We can't see yellow or orange leaves in summer because the two colors are not in leaves.
D:During winter, there is not enough light or water for photosynthesis.Hello, boys and girls! My name is Paul. I'm 14. Tommy is my brother. He is 15. I have two good friends, Peter and Barry. Peter is 13 and Barry is 12. We all like playing sports. Peter's _ sport is baseball. He plays baseball every day. He has 9 baseballs and 6 baseball bats. Barry likes ping-pong. He has 10 ping-pong balls and 5 ping-pong bats. I like basketball and I have 3 basketballs. The four of us all like soccer and we play soccer at school after class. Tommy and I like watching TV, but our parents don't let us watch TV every day.
The question is: Tommy is Paul's   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:friend
B:brother
C:cousin
D:sister"My dear dad, where are we going?" Have you ever heard of this question? It's from the song of Hunan TV station's show: Where Are We Going, Dad?
The show is played on Fridays. In the show, five pairs of fathers and kids go to strange places and finish interesting tasks. The fathers learn to cook and look after their kids. The kids learn about being independent  .
Wang Lu, 13, from Hebei, says, "I like Kimi very much, though   he finds it hard to finish the work alone. You know, he is so young."
Zhao Jingjing, 14, from Jiangsu, says, "I like Guo Tao's son very much. He looks _ . He doesn't cry when he meets trouble, and he can often look after himself and even other kids."
On the journey of life, kids learn to grow up, and adults learn to be better parents. Maybe we can plan a trip with our parents. Shall we go?
The question is: In the show, who finds it hard to finish the work alone?
The possible answers are:
A:Wang Lu.
B:Guo Tao's son.
C:Zhao Jingjing.
D:Kimi.We are all busy talking about and using the Internet ,but how many of us know about the history of the Internet?
Many people are surprised when they find that the Internet was set up in the 1960s.At that time, computers were large and expensive. Computer networks didn' t work well .If one computer in the network broke down ,then the whole network stopped. So a new network system  had to be set up. It should be good enough to be used by many different computers.If part of the network was not working ,information could be sent through another part.In this way the computer network system would keep on working all the time.At first,the Internet was only used by the government ,but,in the early 1970s, universities,hospitals and banks were allowed to use it too.
However, computers were still expensive and the Internet was difficult to use.By the start of the 1990s,computers become cheaper and easier to use.Scientists had also developed software  that made "surfing " the Internet more convenient  .
Today it is easy to get on-line and it is said that millions of people use the Internet every day. Sending e-mail is more and more popular among students.
The Internet has now become one of the most important parts of people' s life.
The question is: The Internet was widely used in the   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:1960s
B:1970s
C:1980s
D:1990sA mother wanted to encourage her son to play the piano. She bought tickets to the concert of a great pianist. When they arrived at the theater, the mother found a friend. Sbe stopped to talk to ber friend and her son ran off.
At eight o'clock'the lights began to dim ,and the concert was set to start. The mother began to look for the boy. Then, she saw her 6-year-old son on stage. He was on the piano bench playing Twinkle, Twinkle little star.
The mother was very shocked. Before she could get her son back, the famous pianist  himself was on the stage and quickly moved to the piano.
"Don't stop. Keep playing," he said kindly to the boy. The great pianist reached down with his left hand and began filling in the bass  of the song. Soon, his right arm reached around the other side and played a beautiful piece of music. Together, the two impressed   people with their beautiful music.
In all of our lives, we receive helping hands- some we notice, some we don't. We also have Iots of chances to give helping hands- sometimes we want people to know, sometimes we don't. Little of what we all achieve comes without other's help. What we receive we should give back
The question is: What did the pianist ask the boy to do ?
The possible answers are:
A:To go back to his mother.
B:To keep playing the piano.
C:To play the bass part of the song.
D:To watch him play instead.Many French teachers and parents complain that their kids are less bright than they were. They say young people visit museums less often and spend too much time on the Internet. They only read comics  and listen to music, and like American culture more than their own. But is this true?  A recent survey shows that many French kids spend their time as other kids always have.
Most French teens love music, with 86% putting it as their top hobby, above the cinema, sport and television.
French kids read a lot and like different things, from Japanese cartoons to American novels.
Many French people worry that their children watch too many American films and listen to too much American music.
But the results of this survey show that French young people like their own culture.
As Silvia Berlin, a student from Paris, says, " _ "
The question is: Most French teens' top hobby is  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:going to the movies
B:doing sport
C:watching TV
D:listening to musicHello,everyone!
My name is Emily.I'm 38 years old and live in a small city near New York now.Three years ago.I started to learn Russian.I once had a Russian friend.We used to meet twice a month and have some coffee and a talk together.However, she went to China later, so nobody can help me with my Russian.I hope to find an outgoing Russian girl to help me learn more about Russian culture.I can help you with your English or Spanish.I can also speak a little Chinese.I have many friends in this city and they think I'm friendly.I think we'll be good friends and have much good time. If you like to be my friend, you can email me at emily@163.com.I'm sorry for writing in English but it would take me too long to express myself in Russian.
Hope to hear from you soon.
Emily
The question is: Emily began to learn Russian at the age of   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:33
B:35
C:38
D:4118:00 Children's World
19:00 News
19:45 Around the World
20:20 Movie: A Nurse's Day
21:50 Message from the Market
22:20 Modern Arts
23:00 End
CCTV4
18:30 Modern English
19:00 Women's Life
19:30 Culture and Life
20:45 Volleyball match: China-America
22:30 English News
22:50 English Movie: Gone with the world
00:30 End
NTTV
18:30 NTTV News
19:00 Popular Songs
19:30 Animal World
20:20 American English Today
21:15 Science and Life
22:30 Sports News
23:00 End
JSTV
18:40 English for Children
19:00 News fromCCTV-1
19:30 JS News
19:45 Football Match: China-Japan
21:30 TV-play: Story of a Spanish Artist (1) (2)
23:15 End
The question is: Which TV station has the most English programmes
The possible answers are:
A:JSTV
B:NTTV
C:CCTV-1
D:CCTV-4Big ocean fish have almost disappeared from the world since the start of business fishing in the 1950's.The scientists found that the number of large fish has dropped by 90 percent in the past fifty years.The study took ten years.The researchers collected records from fishing business and governments around the world.The magazine Nature published the findings.
The scientists say the common way called longline fishing is especially harmful to large fish.This way includes many fishing lines that are connected to one boat.If these lines are joined together,they can reach one hundred kilometers.They hold thousands of sharp metal hooks to catch fish.Longline fishing is especially common in the Japanese fishing industry.Records show that Japanese boats used to catch about ten fish for every hundred hooks.The study says longline fishing boats now might catch one fish per hundred hooks.
The scientists say business fishing can destroy groups of fish much faster than in the past.The study suggests that large fish can disappear almost completely from new fishing areas within ten to fifteen years.Ocean life system could be destroyed.
It's not the only worry that the number of large fish is becoming smaller and smaller.What's worse.they are smaller in size than their ancestors .
The question is: What do you think of the business fishing?
The possible answers are:
A:It should be encouraged.
B:It can balance ocean life system.
C:It needn't be cared about.
D:It may bring harm to ocean fish.A: Good afternoon. Are you Zhang Li?
B: Yes, I am.
A: Is Li your family name?
B: No, Li is my given name. My family name is Zhang. What's your name?
A: My name is Alice. I'm from the USA.
B: Nice to meet you, Alice.
A: Nice to meet you, too! I'm a student in Sunny Middle School.
B: Oh, great! We are in the _ school. I'm in Class Three, Grade Seven. What class are you in?
A: I'm in Class Four, Grade Seven.
B: My English teacher is Mr. Miller. He is from the USA, too. Is he your English teacher?
A: No, he isn't. He's my father.
B: Oh? That's good. My QQ number is 2521786. Do you use QQ?
A: No, I don't . But you can call me at 789-0765.
B: OK, my phone number is 675-4721.
A:OK! See you!
B: Bye!
The question is: Zhang Li's QQ number is   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:2521867
B:675-4721
C:2521786
D:789-0765In some science fiction movies, evil robots refuse to die, no matter how hard people fight back.
Now science fiction has become science fact. For the first time, scientists have made a robot that can take a beating  and keep on going. Scientists from Cornell University made the robot, which looks like a spider with four legs.
Until now, even the most advanced  robot was almost certain to break down when it was damaged . That is because its computer inside simply doesn't know how to make the machine work after its shape has changed.
To deal with this problem, the scientists put eight motors  and two sensors  that read how the machine is working. They all give signals to the machine's software. Using this information, the computer can then figure out the machine's shape at any moment.
The new technology is a big advance in robot-making, scientists say, and it's far from scary. It may someday help scientists create better artificial  arms and legs and give new freedom to people who lose _ . It might also help scientists understand how people and animals figure out their own sense of place in space.
"It has been difficult to design robots that can work well when the environment changes or when it's damaged," says Olaf Sporns of Indiana University in US. "With this work, we are nearer to solving this problem."
The question is: Why do robots easily break down when they are damaged?
The possible answers are:
A:They cannot repair themselves.
B:The computer has changed a lot.
C:They have no computers inside.
D:The computer cannot work if the robot changesIt is well known that Albert Einstein was one of the greatest scientists of all time and he was also a really great person. Here are some interesting things about him.
When Einstein started to work in America, someone asked him what he needed. He said he needed a desk, some paper and a pencil. He also asked for a big waste-paper basket to hold all of his mistakes. This shows that he knew even the cleverest man in the world can only learn by making mistakes.
Einstein regarded time as very important. He never wore socks and he thought putting on socks was a waste of time as people already wore shoes. He also thought it was a waste of time remembering things that could quickly be found in a book. That's why he never remembered his own phone number, which was in the phone book. He knew what was worth remembering. It is true that if we are going to do great things in our lives, we can not waste our time.
Einstein liked to joke too. Once in an exam a student asked him why all the questions were the same as last year's. Einstein replied the questions were the same but the answers were different!
,A, B, C, D,,.
The question is: When Einstein began his work in America, he asked for some things except   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:a desk
B:some paper
C:a book
D:a waste-paper basketMr. King works in a shop and drives a car for the manager. He drives carefully and can keep calm in time of danger. And he escaped from several accidents. The manager pays him more and the traffic policemen often speak highly of him.
Mr. Baker, one of his friends, works in a factory outside the city. It is far from his house and he has to go to work by bus. As the traffic is crowded in the morning, sometimes he is late for the work. His manager warns the young man will be sent away unless he gets to his office on time. He hopes to buy a car, but he hasn't enough money. He decides to buy an old one. He went to the flea market and at last he chose a beautiful but cheap car. He said he wanted to have a trial drive, the seller agreed. He called Mr. King and asked him to help him.
Mr. King examined the car at first and then drove it away. It was five in the morning and there were few cars in the street. At first he drove slowly and it worked well. Then he drove fast. And when he reached a crossing, the light turned red. He tried to stop it, but he failed and nearly hit an old woman who was crossing the street. A policeman told him to stop, but the car went on until it hit a big tree by the road.
"Didn't you hear me?" the police man asked angrily.
"Yes, I did, sir," said Mr. King, "Since it doesn't listen to me, can it obey you?"
The question is: Mr. King is paid more because he   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:always drives very slowly
B:is not afraid of danger
C:has driven for years
D:drives very wellTom and Mike are good friends. They are kind to children. They want to find summer jobs. One day Tom tells Mike that Beidaihe Kids Summer Camp needs help with sports, music and computers. They are both very
glad to hear  this. Tom can play basketball and volleyball, and he can
swim, too. Mike can play the violin, the trumpet, the drums and the guitar. Tom and Mike like computers very much. Can they join the Summer Camp?
.
The question is: What does the Summer Camp need help with?
The possible answers are:
A:Flying kites.
B:Sports, music and computers.
C:Making cakes.
D:Drawing pictures.I'm Alfred. I was born with a problem in my backbone and mobility  was a big challenge for me, but thanks to my teachers and friends, my school life was excellent.
My friends and I used to sit together and have lots of fun. Whenever we got a free period, we used to start shouting or play games. I took part in all competitions, such as poetry writing, story writing, painting and all activities on Teachers' Day or somebody's birthday and had much fun.
My English teacher was very tall. The moment she entered the class, we would all sit quietly and open the books. She would encourage me by giving me important assignments and also morning news to read during the assembly. She would come down and listen to my English debate , which made me take part in all debate competitions.
The same was true of my biology and science teacher. She was very nice and sweet. She would always give me extra information on the biology project. I could not go to the lab for experiments, so she would bring the lab down and help me with the biology and science experiments and would give me excellent marks.
My friends made me monitor and the naughty boys listened to me. My friends used to help me with my notes when I was absent . My teachers always gave me important project work and I felt proud when they _ after I finished it quickly and correctly. I was never shouted at or made fun of or scolded  by any of my friends and teachers.
Today I often see the terrible punishments given to students on TVs. I feel very sad.
I really want to express my love and thanks to all my wonderful teachers and friends, without them my school life would not have been so excellent and unforgettable.
The question is: Alfred tried to do the following EXCEPT   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:playing games during a free period with his friends
B:taking part in all competitions and all activities
C:going to the school lab to do the experiments
D:completing his project work quickly and correctlyEverything has a name.All people,places,and things have names.For example,Jenny is the name of a student from England.England is the name of a country.Cities and towns have names,too.Schools and office buildings also have names.For example,tomato,potato and bean are names of vegetables.Apple,orange,and banana are names of fruit.Names are important.We use names every day.When we meet a new person,we usually ask,"What's your name?"It's important to learn a person's name.Most people have two names.Some people have more names.Names are different all over the world.In Jenny's class.Jenny must learn the names of the students from all over the world.This is very difficult because the names are very different.
In the United States,most people have a first name,a middle name and a last name.Parents choose the first and middle names for their babies.There are names for boys and names for girls.The last name is the family name.Usually it is the father's family name.In a family,the mother, the father, and the children usually have the same last name.
Sometimes a person has a _ ,too.A nickname is a special name.It's not a person's real name.Abraham Lincoln's nickname was"Honest Abe".An honest person always tells the truth,and Abe is short for Abraham.Because he was an honest person.his nickname was Honest Abe.Pele is a nickname,too.The football player's real name is Edison Aeraesde Nascimento,but everyone calls him Pele.Do you have a nickname?
Names are different all over the world.They can be long or short.but they are always very important
The question is: What is Pele's real name?
The possible answers are:
A:Honest Abe.
B:Abraham Lincoln.
C:Edison Aeraesde Nascimento.
D:We don't know.John likes chocolates  very much, but his mother doesn't give him. They're bad for his teeth, she thinks. John has a very nice grandfather. The old man loves John very much and sometimes he buys John some chocolates. Then his mother let him eat them. Because she wants to make the old man happy.
One Sunday evening before his seventh birthday, he shouts, "Please, God , let them give me a big box of chocolates for my birthday." His mother says, "God can't hear you.  Don't shout  ! "
"I know," says the clever boy with a smile. "But my grandfather is in the next room. And he can."
The question is: John is   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:seventh years old.
B:seven-years-old .
C:seven years old .
D:17 years old.A  young man was in love with a beautiful girl .One day the girl said to him ,"It is my birthday tomorrow ". "Oh ",said the young man ,"I'll send you roses, and one rose for each year of your life."
The same evening he went to the flower shop . As he knew the girl was twenty-two years old, he paid for twenty-two roses and asked the shop assistant to send them to the girl the next day .
The assistant of the flower shop knew the young man very well as he often bought flowers in his shop before . When the young man left the shop , the assistant thought ,"The young man is very kind to me .He often comes to buy my flowers . In return I'll send ten more roses."
He did so . The next morning  thirty-two roses were sent to the girl . When the young man came to see her , she didn't want to speak to him . And he never knew why she was so angry with him .
The question is: _  sent the roses to the girl .
The possible answers are:
A:The young man
B:The assistant
C:Another young man
D:We don't know whoDo you have a lucky number? What is it? Many people have a special number that they hope will bring them good luck.
In Chinese culture, some numbers are believed to be lucky or unlucky based on the Chinese word that the number sounds similar to.
For example, the word for the number 8 sounds similar to the word for "making a fortune ". So, people consider it a very lucky number. Some people will even spend a lot of money to have 8s in their phone numbers or vehicle license plate   numbers. The opening ceremony of the Beijing Olympics began at 8:08 p.m. on August 8, 2008.
The number 9 is also a lucky number because of its connection to the emperors of China. There were nine dragons on emperors' robes   and Chinese myth held that the dragon has nine children. The number 9 also stands for "long lasting". That's why a man always proposes to(---)a woman with 99 or 999 roses.
So what's a "bad luck" number in China? It might be 4. Many Chinese people see 4 as a "bad luck" number because it sounds similar to the character for "death".
Because of this, many buildings skip  the fourth floor, and simply call it the fifth floor. In Hong Kong, some buildings even skip all floors numbered with 4, such as, 4, 14, 24, 34 and all 40-49 floors. Some buildings also skip the 13th floor, as this is considered an unlucky number in many Christian countries. As a result, a building whose highest floor is 50 may have only 35 physical floors.
The question is: What does this passage mainly talk about?
The possible answers are:
A:Meanings of different unlucky numbers.
B:Meaning of different lucky numbers.
C:Lucky or unlucky numbers in Western culture.
D:Lucky or unlucky numbers in Chinese culture.Healthy eating doesn't just mean what you eat, but how you eat. Here is some advice on healthy eating.
Eat with others. It can help you to see others' healthy eating habits. If you usually eat with your parents, you will find that the food you eat is more delicious.
Listen to your body. Ask yourself if you are really hungry. Have a glass of water to see if you are thirsty, sometimes you are just thirsty, you need no food. Stop eating before you feel full.
Eat breakfast. Breakfast is the most important meal of the day. After you don't eat for the past ten hours, your body needs food to get you going. You will be smarter after eating breakfast.
Eat healthy snacks like fruit, yogurt or cheese. We all need snacks sometimes. In fact, it's a good idea to eat two healthy snacks between your three meals. This doesn't mean that you can eat a bag of chips instead of a meal.
Don't eat dinner late. With our busy life, we always put off eating dinner until the last minute. Try to eat dinner at least 3 hours before you go to bed. This will give your body a chance to _ most of the food before you rest for the next 8-10 hours.
The question is: What's the writer's advice on healthy snacks?
The possible answers are:
A:Not eating snacks at all.
B:Eating enough every day.
C:Eating as many as you can.
D:Eating some when necessary.Alan worked in an office in the city. He worked very hard and really wanted to take a
holiday. He usually went to the seaside, but one day he saw an ad in a newspaper. "Enjoy
country life. Spend a few weeks at Willow Farm. Good food, fresh air, horse riding, walking,
fishing. Good prices ." "This sounds like a good idea," he thought. "I'll spend a month at
Willow Farm. I'll enjoy horse riding, walking and fishing. They'll make a change from sitting by
the seaside."
Four days later he returned home.
"What's wrong with Willow Farm?" his friend Jack asked him. "Didn't you enjoy country
life?"
"Country life was fine," Alan said, "but there was another problem ."
"Oh, what?"
"Well, the first day I was there a sheep died, and we had roast mutton   for dinner."
"Fresh meat is the best."
"I know, but on the second day a cow died, and we had roast beef for dinner."
"Lucky you!"
"You don't understand," Alan said. "On the third day a pig died and we had roast pork for
dinner." '
"A different roast every day," Jack said.
"Let me finish," Alan said, "on the fourth day the farmer died and I didn't dare to stay for
dinner!"
The question is: What made Alan return so soon?
The possible answers are:
A:He fell ill.
B:The air there was not fresh.
C:The prices were too high.
D:He was afraid that they would have the dead man for dinner.More than a hundred years ago, an American produced   a game. He called it indoor tennis. The Americans were not interested in it at first so he sent it to his London friends and it became very popular   in Britain. The game was then played across the dining-room table or on the floor with the net hung between two chairs. In the early days ,the balls were made of cork   or rubber. The bats  were made of wood.
A few years later a hollow   ball like the one we use today was invented. The game then quickly spread all over the world. An Englishman once made a bat covered with rubber. He first played the game in England and called it "ping - pong". "Ping" was the sound of the bat when it hit the ball, and "pong" was the sound of the ball when it hit the table.
The question is: In the early days,the ball was  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:hollow
B:covered with rubber
C:made of cork or rubber
D:made of woodWe live on the Earth. It's our home. But how much do you know about it?
The Earth is like a huge ball. Like the other seven planets, the Earth is running around the Sun. It's the third nearest planet to the Sun. It takes the Earth about 365 days to run around the Sun. At the same time, the Earth is going around itself. If you are in space, you can see lots of white clouds over the surface of the Earth. Through the clouds, you can see the blue color of the oceans and the brown color of the land. About 70% of the Earth is covered with water.
Why do we have day and night? When the half of the Earth is facing the Sun, it's daytime. As the Earth turns and this half is away from the Sun, night is coming. And it's daytime for the other half.
The question is: In which part of a newspaper can we read this passage?
The possible answers are:
A:History.
B:Science.
C:Stories.
D:People.Here is a picture of Mr Wang's family. The man in the middle  is Mr Wang, the father. The woman is the mother. They only have a daughter. Her name is Wang Jia. She is 14 years old. She is a good student in Foreign Language School. Her classmates like her very much, and her parents like her very much, too.
The question is: The daughter is   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:13
B:14
C:15
D:12As a father, I always do my best to help my son, Peter. I like to help him with his study. I encourage him to join team sports. I send him to the summer camp if he wants to go. I also teach him to be both a good student and a useful man.
He used to make me feel proud. I often thought he was the best son and I was the best father in the world.
However, things changed two years ago. It was Peter's 12th birthday. My wife and I bought him a computer as a present. We thought it was necessary for him to learn how to use a computer in the modern world. We knew that some children were addicted   to computer games and that they didn't study or work at all. Someone said that computers and the Internet were bad for children, but I didn't worry about it. I trusted   my son. I believed that he could control himself. Peter did very well at first. He played computer games, but for only two hours every week. Most of the time he studied or wrote articles on the computer. We felt very happy to see that.
When we finally learned that Peter was also addicted to computer games, it was too late. He didn't like studying at all. He no longer joined team sports. Sometimes we even couldn't find him at night. He spent several days and nights at the Internet cafe. We tried everything to help him, but nothing worked. What should we do?
The question is: What did the writer buy for his son as a birthday present two years ago?
The possible answers are:
A:A computer.
B:Some computer games.
C:Some books.
D:A computer book.On the first day of school our teacher introduced himself and challenged us to get to know someone we didn't already know.I stood up to look around when a gentle hand touched my shoulder.
I turned around to find a little old lady with a warm smile.She said, "Hi, handsome.My name is Rose.I'm eighty-seven years old."
"Why are you in university at such a YOUNG age?" I asked.She replied, "I'm here to meet a rich husband, get married, have a couple of kids, and then retire and travel."
I knew she was joking.I was curious what might have encouraged her to be taking on this challenge at her age.
"I always dreamed of having a university education and now I'm getting one!" she told me.We became friends.Every day we would talk nonstop after class.I always enjoyed listening to this "time machine" as she shared her wisdom and experience with me.And Rose easily made friends wherever she went.
At the end of the term we invited Rose to make a little speech.She cleared her throat  and began, "We do not stop playing because we are old; we grow old because we stop playing.I've learned a few secrets to staying young, being happy, and achieving success.You have to laugh and find humor every day.You've got to have a dream.When you lose your dreams, you die."
"There is a huge difference between growing older and growing up.Anybody can grow older. _ doesn't take any talent or ability.The idea is to grow up by always finding the opportunity  in change..."
The question is: When the author and Rose first met, they began their conversation in a   _   manner.
The possible answers are:
A:polite
B:impolite
C:serious
D:humorousIt's hard to make friends if you stay at home alone all the time. Get out of house and do things that will put you in touch with other people. It's easier to make friends when you have similar interests.
Don't be afraid to show people what you're really good at. Talk about things you like and do best. People will be interested in you if there is something interesting about you.
Look at people in the eyes when you talk to them. That way , they'll find it easier to talk to you.
Be a good listener. Let people talk about themselves before talking about "me ,me, me"
Try to make friends with the kinds of people you really like, respect and admire ,not just with those who we are easy to meet. Be friends with a  lot of people .That way ,you 'll have a bigger group of people to choose and have more chances for making friends.
The question is: If you want to have more chances for making friends, you should   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:try to make friends with the kinds of people you really like, respect and admire.
B:Don't just make friends with the people who are easy to meet.
C:Be friendly with a lot of people
D:All above.These days the subject of security  on campus is talked about quite often.  Some students' mobile phones are stolen, some students fight with and hurt one another, and others are knocked down by the fast running bikes or cars.
These problems arc common on campus. I think there are three causes for these. Firstly, some students do not take good care of their properties. They are still young and not careful enough. Secondly, some students want to do everything well. They want to be the winners in exams, and they also want to be the winners in fightings.  And thirdly, the campus guards do not carry on their duties well. They don' t regulate the traffic in the busy hour.
In order to have a secure campus, all the students should be very careful about their properties. They should also mind their behaviors  and act politely. The campus guards are supposed to be devoted  to the security on campus, and it is their duty to safeguard  a secure campus to help provide a good environment for the students.
The question is: This passage is mainly about_.
The possible answers are:
A:how to make the campus safe
B:how to protect the students
C:security rules on campus
D:the importance of security campusInformation for New Members
Welcome to Banktown Bushwalking   Club! Here are some things you need to know:
Most walks are in faraway places. You need to take enough food and water for a full day of activity on each walk. This is the most important thing to remember.
Wear good lace-up shoes, because you need to do some climbing sometimes.
Each walk has a grade. If you haven't been bushwalking before, we suggest that you start with an easy walk- Grade 1 or 2. If you have been bushwalking before, then a Grade 3 walk may be suitable.
All beginners need to call or e-mail the leader of an activity 48 hours before the start of the activity. They need to make sure that you are fit and able to finish the activity as planned.
Membership fees  for a year:
$35 for an adult over 18 years old.
If a family joins the club, fees will be lower. $55 for the parents and $10 for each child between the ages of 5 and 18.
The question is: Eric, his wife and their 16-year-old child want to join the club. They should pay   _   for a year.
The possible answers are:
A:$35
B:$55
C:$65
D:$75It was a beautiful spring morning, and the sun was warm but not too hot, so Mr Green was surprised when he saw an old gentleman at the bus stop with a big, strong, black umbrella   in his hand.
Mr Green said to him, "Do you think we're going to have rain today!"
"No," said the old gentleman, "I don't think so."
"Then are you carrying the umbrella to keep the sun off you?" "No, the sun is not very hot in spring."
Mr Green looked at the big umbrella again, and the gentleman said, "I am an old man, and my legs are not very strong. I really need a walking-stick. But when I carry a walking-stick, people say, 'Look at the poor old man.' I don't like that. When I carry an umbrella in fine weather, people only say, 'look at that stupid  man.'"
The question is: The old man carried an umbrella with him because   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:he was stupid
B:he didn't like people saying he was old
C:he was old and weak
D:he was afraid of the sunshineJanel gave her 13-year-old son Jim an iPhone for Christmas. But she also had a contract  about how Jim's new toy can and can't be used.
Contract
Rule 1: It is my phone. I bought it. I pay for it. I am lending it to you. Aren't I the greatest?
Rule 2: If it rings, answer it. It is a phone. Say "hello", use your manners.
Rule 3: Hand the phone to one of your parents at 7:30p.m. every school night & every weekend night at 9:00 p.m.. It will be shut off for the night and turned on again at 7:30a.m..
Rule 4: Turn it off, silence it, put it away in public. Especially in a restaurant, at the movies, or while speaking with another people. You are not a rude person, do not allow the iPhone to change that.
Rule 5: Leave your phone home sometimes and feel safe. It is not all for you. Learn to live without it. Be bigger and more powerful than it.
Rule 6: Don't take too many pictures and videos. There is no need to record everything. They will be _ in your memory for ever.
Rule 7: If it falls into the toilet, breaks on the ground, or lose, you should pay for it. You can take care of the baby, and wash dishes to save some money.
I hope you can agree to these terms and enjoy your new iPhone.
Mom
The question is: Can Jim use his iPhone at 8:00 p.m. on Saturday evening?
The possible answers are:
A:Yes, he can.
B:No, he can't.
C:We don't know.
D:If he finishes his homework, he can use it.Last year I travelled to Finland. I enjoyed the time in the plane because I knew a friendly man there. He was from Italy, but we had no problem _ with each other. We both talked in English.
When I got to Finland, I visited Espoo, Oulu, Lahti and Tampere. The people there were very friendly. I also spent a lot of time in Helsinki -- the capital of Finland. People also called it the daughter of the sea. It was very clean. There I watched the Baltic Sea. It was very beautiful. One night, I went to the theatre to see a very interesting local play. Everything was OK but the sun, because the sunset   there was too early.
I had a very nice time in this country and I want to travel to it again.
The question is: Where is the Baltic Sea?
The possible answers are:
A:In Espoo.
B:In Lahti.
C:In Tampere.
D:In Helsinki.There are four seasons in a year.They are spring, summer, autumn and winter.
Spring is a beautiful season. It is from March to May. In spring, the trees turn  green, and the flowers _ . Everything loooks new.
Summer is a happy season. It is from June to August. In summer, we can swim and eat a lot of ice cream. Of course, we have a long holiday,summer holiday! At that time, we can join the summer camp. That's great! Autumn is a colourful season. It lasts  from September to November. In autumn, the leaves on the trees turn yellow. Sometimes they are yellow or red. The colors are beautiful.
Winter is a cold season. It's from December to February. In winter, it begins to snow in most places of China. Snow is white, and everything looks white. The children like playing with snow.
The question is: Winter is from   _   in China.
The possible answers are:
A:September to November
B:March to May
C:December to February
D:January to MarchSome people have a very poor sense of direction. Unluckily, I am one of them. I have visited a place many times but I may still get lost there the next time.
When I was a little girl, I never dared to ask strangers the way. And so I used to walk around in circles and hope that by chance I would get to the place I was going to.
Now, I am no longer too shy to ask people for directions, but I often receive helpless or even wrong information. So I try to avoid giving people wrong directions. If anyone ever asks me the way somewhere, I would say, "Sorry, I am a stranger here."
Once on my way to work I was stopped by a man. He asked me if I could tell him the way to the Friendship Building. I gave him my usual reply. But just as I walked on only a few steps. I realized that he had asked the way to my office building. However, I had no time to turn back and look for him. I was rushing to meet with someone at my office and I didn't want to keep him waiting.
When I just got to my office, the secretary  showed in the man who had asked me for directions. Imagine how _ I was and how surprised he was when we saw each other at the first sight.
The question is: A man stopped the writer on the way to   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:sell her something
B:ask her the time
C:make friends with her
D:ask for the directionLearning English grammar and English vocabulary can be hard enough, but trying to understand English sayings can be more difficult. Some are just hard to figure out and others don't make any sense at all. Here are four funny English sayings that you can use every day.
I'm happy as a clam .
Think of a clam. It doesn't have to do anything. It just sits on a beach or on the bottom of the ocean all day doing nothing. It never has to work. That sounds like happiness, doesn't it? If someone asks, "How are you today?" you can answer "I am happy as a clam" to let him or her know what a great mood you are in.
I wouldn't touch that (or him/her) with a ten-foot pole.
Maybe there is a person who you don't want to be friends with or even talk to. Well, this saying means that you dislike him or her so much that you don't want to touch or go near him or her, even within ten feet!
You don't have a leg to stand on.
This saying doesn't mean that the person you're talking to has no legs. It means that his or her argument is incorrect. He or she doesn't have a leg to stand on because he or she has no facts to support what he or she is saying. This saying is a good way to tell people that you think they're wrong.
Break a leg!
This saying actually means the opposite of what it sounds like. If you tell this to a person, you're wishing him or her good luck!The saying comes from a superstition  that whatever you say aloud, the opposite will come true.
The question is: We can learn from the passage that  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:the saying "You don't have a leg to stand on" means someone loses his legs
B:the saying "Break a leg" means someone hurts his or her leg
C:if we say "Break a leg" to someone, we give him or her a good wish
D:if we say "I am ill" aloud, we will become healthyMany young Chinese people drink coffee when meeting with friends. Yang Lin lives in the U.S. but comes from an area in China famous for growing tea. She used to only drink tea while in China. But now, she says, she drinks both and for different reasons.
"I would say ... I was a tea drinker when I was in China. But now, you know, with the influence of different holiday drinks ... I think I like coffee as well as tea now."
Yang Lin says that drinking coffee for her is a social event. She and her workmates like to sit in a cafe and talk over a cup of coffee.
Tea, she says, is more about family memories. She grew up in Fujian Province -- an area known for its tea. Ms. Yang says that as a child, her family would get together in the evening and talk about the day's events over a pot of tea. So now, even the smell of Fujian tea brings back these warm family memories.
Voyo is another Chinese woman who now lives in Washington D.C. She says that after moving to the U.S. her tastes changed. We would call her _ , someone who now chooses to drink coffee.
"I used to be a tea drinker before I came to the United States. But now I am a coffee drinker and actually getting to be a very heavy coffee drinker. Like I go from one cup a day to three cups a day and if I stop one day I will have a headache." said Voyo.
The question is: Which of the following is TRUE according to this passage?
The possible answers are:
A:Drinking coffee is more healthy than dinking tea.
B:The people in the U.S. like to drink coffee better than drink tea.
C:A cup of coffee a day keeps a doctor away.
D:Tea is the most healthy drink in the world.There is a big supermarket  near Mrs. Green's home. She usually goes there to buy food. The shop assistants are polite and helpful. The things are cheap, too.
One day, Mrs. Green goes to the supermarket. She buys some noodles. Biscuits are also their children's favorite food. And she buys some milk. Her children always have milk for breakfast. Mimi likes fish and Tim likes hot dogs. She buys some fish and sausages for them, too. Mrs. Green doesn't have any rice at home. So she buys a bag of rice, but she can't take it. It is very heavy. Her husband, Mr. Green is coming to the supermarket and carry the rice.
The question is: . Does Mrs. Green buy a bag of rice?
The possible answers are:
A:Yes, she does.
B:No, she doesn't .
C:Yes, she is.
D:We don't know.People are different. So are friends. Some friends are patient and helpful while some friends are cheerful and caring. The following are some kinds of friends. You can read it and find out what kinds of friends you have. This will help you to improve your relationships with them and help you to find new friends.
Animal Friends
Many people keep animals as pets at home. It is right to say that animals are wonderful creatures  . They can be with you whenever you need them. Some people say they will feel lonely without their pets. Dogs are considered as people's best friends.
Internet Friends
The Internet has become a very important part of our lives. It is not only helpful for people to work, but also a good way to make friends. Internet friendship has become more and more popular recently. More and more people begin to make online friends. Online friends are those who know each other through the Internet. They can talk about everything with each other online. Making Internet friends is similar to making pen pals.
Pen Friends
Pen friends, also known as pen pals, are quite popular with people who like writing. Pen friendship is mainly developed by writing to each other. It was a popular way of making friends in different parts of the world before the Internet came into being. Mostly, pen friends aim to share different cultures with each other.
The question is: According to the passage, the Internet is a good way for people to   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:keep healthy
B:make friends
C:travel
D:play gamesMy name is Jack.Here are four of my favorite photos.Let me tell you something about them.
In the first photo, I'm running.I like sports and I want to be a running star.
I like spring and winter best.So I have two photos of them.Look at the second photo.I am flying kites with my friends in the park. There are all kinds of kites there.We are very happy.In the third photo,I'm playing snow fight  with my friends.And some friends are making snowmen.We are playing happily.
In the last photo.I'm doing my homework. Who's that girl? Oh.she is my sister and she is helping me with my homework.My sister is good at her subjects.In the evening,we usually do our homework and watch TV.
,.
The question is: In winter people can  _
The possible answers are:
A:fly kites
B:play with snow
C:swim
D:watch TVRecently, Chinese netizens   enjoy themselves on "growing and stealing crops" on the Internet. This is a game called "Happy Farms". Now more and more people are joining in the game, and getting addicted. Some of them are even found playing the game at work. Because of this, some players have been fired by their bosses. Lovers have broken up, but none of them can stop Happy Farms from becoming more popular.
Here we interviewed some young netizens and let's see what their opinions were.
Nongmin: Playing happy Farms at work, that's terrible! A clerk was fired because she was online playing it at work.
King: I find that all the dreams of having houses and fields, which are very hard to get in real life, are very easy to be realized in the games. I think I know the reason why the game is so popular.
Kaixin: We have to know how to control ourselves. We should keep our minds on study. Games are just games. I prefer to play sports with my classmates when I am free.
Kitty: I like Happy Farms. My high-pressure work makes me feel like I can't breathe. I wish I could have a real house and farm, but it seems so far away. I have to turn to virtual  nature for my own house and farm.
People often get tired from work or study, so they go to their own farms, take care of their crops and pull out weeds. It is really delightful to forget about the pressure. But some players work from morning to night to "grow and steal crops". They lose themselves in the game and show no interest in anything else. It is really terrible.
The question is: From this passage, we know that "Happy Farms" is   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:a popular online game
B:a kind of sport
C:an interesting online film
D:a real farmI remember reading a story once about a man who found a bag with a lot of clay   balls by the seashore. They didn't look like much, but they intrigued (......) the man so he took the bag with him.
As he walked along the beach, to pass the time, he would throw the clay balls one at a time out into the ocean as far as he could throw.
He thought little about it until he dropped one of the balls and it broke open on a rock. Inside was a beautiful, precious stone   . Excited, the man started breaking open the remaining clay balls. Each contained a similar treasure. He found thousands of dollars worth of jewels   in the 20 or so clay balls he had left. Then it struck him.
He had been on the beach for a long time. He had thrown maybe 50 or 60 of the clay balls with their hidden treasure into the ocean waves. Instead of thousands of dollars in treasure, he could have had tens of thousand, but he just threw it all away.
You know sometimes, it's like that with people, we look at someone, maybe even ourselves, and we see the external   clay vessel. It doesn't look like much from the outside. It isn't always beautiful, so we discount(,) it, we see that person as less important than someone more beautiful or well-known or wealthy.
There is a treasure in each and every one of us. If we take the time to get to know that person, and if we ask God to show us that person the way He sees him, then _
The question is: Why did the man throw the clay balls into the ocean?
The possible answers are:
A:Because he wanted to exercise.
B:Because he wanted to kill time.
C:Because the balls were too heavy.
D:Because he wanted to show he was rich.The class teacher thought that hobbies were important for children. So she encouraged all her students to have one, and sometimes she arranged hobby shows for their parents to see as a result.
One morning the teacher told the class to have a holiday and get their hobby things to school before 5 p.m. A hobby show would be held the following afternoon.
So in the afternoon, the students with nothing to show did their lessons at school as usual, while the lucky ones had a holiday to go home for their hobby works.
When the afternoon lessons began, the teacher was surprised to see that Tommy was not there.  "I don't believe Tommy has a hobby," she thought. However, at a quarter to five. Tommy arrived with a beautiful collection of butterflies  in glass case. The teacher liked the samples   very much and put them on a desk in the classroom.  But, to her surprise, Tommy picked them up again and began to leave.
"What are you doing, Tommy?" she asked. "Those things must stay here until tomorrow afternoon.  That's when the parents are coming to see them. "
"I know that," answered Tommy, "and I will bring them back tomorrow, but my big brother doesn't want them to be out of our house at night. "
"But, aren't the butterflies yours?" asked the teacher.
"No," answered Tommy. "They are my brother's."
"But Tommy, you should show your own hobby here, not somebody else's. "
"I know that," answered Tommy. What surprised her most was the answer. "My hobby is watching my brother collecting butterflies. "
The question is: What's the best title for this passage?
The possible answers are:
A:Important Hobbies
B:Tommy's Hobby
C:Different Hobbies
D:Collecting ButterfliesFrederic Chopin was born in March 1810 near Warsaw in Poland . He was one of the greatest musicians in the world, In 1831, he went to Paris, No people knew he could play the piano very well.
At that time people in Paris liked the Hungarian pianist Franz Liszt.
One night,at a concert, Liszt went to the piano and people shouted. As all the lights in the concert were turned off, a wonderful piano concert started. The music was so good that the listeners were all greatly interested. They kept praising  the pianist and thought that Liszt had reached something new in playing the piano.
Suddenly, all the lights were turned on again as the music came to an end. And there stood a young man instead of the famous Hungarian pianist Franz Liszt.
Liszt planned all this. As the lights went out, Liszt left his chair and let Chopin take his place. So with the help of Liszt and his own talent ,Chopin soon became famous.
,,.
The question is: Chopin became famous  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:before he came to the concert
B:Because he was a student of Liszt's
C:because people in Paris liked him very much
D:since he played so well at the concertA good way to pass an exam is to work hard every day in the year. You may fail in an exam if you are lazy for most of the year and then work hard only a few days before the exam.
Do not remember only grammar when you are learning English. Try to read stories in English and speak in English as often as you can. A few days before the exam you should go to bed early. Do not study late at night. Before you start the exam, read carefully over the exam paper. Try to understand the exact meaning of each question before you pick up your pen to write. When you have finished your exam, read your answers again. Correct  the mistakes if there are any and make sure you have not missed anything out.
The question is: It is  _  to go to bed late at night before the exam.
The possible answers are:
A:useful
B:important
C:not helpful
D:difficultShopping used to mean actually going to shops, but nowadays, you can shop without even leaving your house. Just sit in front of your computer, click your mouse and your things will be sent to your house in a couple of days.
November 11this a big day for people who like shopping online. On that day last year, many online stores offered a big discount and free delivery service. The biggest online shopping sites in China,Taobao.com and Tmall.com ,sold things worth 19.1 billion yuan in total.
"Goods online are often much cheaper. It also saves me a lot of time. And we often have more goods on many online stores than in shopping malls," Wang Xin, an online shopping lover in Beijing, said to China Daily. She stayed up very late for a lot of cheap goods online. She spent several thousand that day.
Another big advantage of online shopping is that it helps people get things from different cities, even different countries, _ . "I like eating duck neck very much and I often buy it on Taobao from shops in Wuhan. It's much more delicious than what our local   stores sell, but cheaper," said Zang Xin, a girl in Yangzhou.
While enjoying online shopping, many people also have worries, especially for middle school student buyers. Young students are easily attracted by advertisements on the Internet and buy things they don't need.
"Middle school students should pay more attention to their study. Searching for things wastes their time," said Jing Chunling, an education expert. "Besides, online shop owners have no idea of the ages of their buyers. Anyone can easily buy things that they want to. Some of goods are even bad for young students such as cigarettes and wine."
The question is: People worry about students shopping online because students   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:have no time to waste and are easily attracted to buy bad things
B:may depend too much on online shopping
C:haven't met the online store owners
D:may buy nothing with a lot of moneyMy name is Frank. I am from St. John Middle School in America. I am in Class Three, Grade
Seven. We study Chinese at school. Our Chinese teacher is Joy Black. He is not Chinese, but he is good at Chinese.
I have a lot of friends in my school. Jimmy is tall and has black hair. He is good at playing basketball. He is in the school basketball team  . May is short and she wears glasses. She is good at Maths. Sandra has long hair. She likes swimming. She is in the school swimming team. Maria is new here. She is from Hong Kong. She has black hair and big eyes. She is good at English and computers. Nick is tall. He has small eyes. He is funny. He plays football very well.
,
The question is: Who comes from China in Frank's class?
The possible answers are:
A:Maria
B:May
C:Nick
D:Joy BlackWhen spring comes, some wildflowe come out in the ditches  along the highway where I travel daily to work., I've noticed one special blue flower. It blooms  only in the morning hours.  For the afternoon sun is too hot for it. Every day for nearly two weeks, I see those beautiful flowers.
This spring, I started a wildflower garden in our yard,. I can look out of the kitchen window while doing the dishes and see the flowers.
Every day I drove past the flowers thinking "I'll stop on my way home and dig them." "See. I don't want to get my good clothes dirty." Whatever the reason, I never stopped to dig them.
One day on my way home from work. I was sad to see the pretty blue flowers were gone. I thought to myself. "You wanted too long. You should have done it when you first saw them blooming this spring."
A week ago we were shocked and sad to learn that my oldest sister-in-law  was badly ill. She is 20 years older than my husband and unfortunately, because of age and distance, we haven't been as close as we all would have been.
I couldn't help but see the connection between the pretty blue flowers and the relationship between my husband's sister and us. I do believe that God has given us some time left to plant some wonderful memories that will bloom every year for us.
And yes, if I see the blue flowers again. You can bet I'll stop and transplant   them to my wildflower garden.
The question is: The blue flower blooms only in the morning because   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:It is very special
B:The flower doesn't want to bloom at other time
C:It can't stand the strong sunlight in the afternoon
D:The text doesn't tell usDiaoyu Dao and its affiliated   islands, which consist of(...)Diaoyu Dao, Huangwei Yu, Chiwei Yu, Nanxiao Dao, Beixiao Dao, Nan Yu, Bei Yu, Fei Yu and other islands, are in the northeast of China's Taiwan Island, in the waters between 123deg20'-124deg40'E   and 25deg40'-26deg00'N  . They belong to the Taiwan Island. The total area of these islands is about 5.69 square kilometers.
Diaoyu Dao, in the western tip of the area, covers an area of about 3.91 square kilometers and is the largest island in the area. The highest part on the island stands 362 meters above the sea level. Huangwei Yu, which is about 27 kilometers to the northeast of Diaoyu Dao, is the second largest island in the area, with a total area of about 0.91 square kilometers and a highest height of 117 meters. Chiwei Yu, about 110 kilometers to the northeast of Diaoyu Dao, is the easternmost island in the area. It covers an area of about 0.065 square kilometers and stands 75 meters above the sea level.
Ancient ancestors   in China first discovered and named Diaoyu Dao through their  fishing activities on the sea. In China's historical books, Diaoyu Dao is also called Diaoyu Yu or Diaoyu Tai. The earliest historical record of the names of Diaoyu Dao, Chiwei Yu and other places can be found in the book Voyage with a Tail Wind published in 1403. It shows that China had already discovered and named Diaoyu Dao by the 14th and 15th centuries.
These historical reports clearly show that Diaoyu Dao and Chiwei Yu belong to China. The sea waters around Diaoyu Dao is traditionally Chinese fishing ground. Chinese fishermen have been involved in fishing activities in these waters for generations .
The question is: The largest island of Diaoyu Dao is   _   square kilometers.
The possible answers are:
A:5.69
B:3.91
C:0.91
D:0.065I have six baskets. Three are big . Three are small . I have some pears and some oranges . I put three pears in each big basket and four oranges in each small basket . The number of oranges is my age .
The question is: I have  _  oranges.
The possible answers are:
A:six
B:eight
C:twelve
D:ninePosted: 06/19/2014 12:00 a.m.
Lucy Li, an 11-year-old girl, is the youngest person to qualify for   a US Women's Open golf tournament  .
She was qualified for the US Women's Open in May. When she set a new record by seven strokes .And today she is playing against some of the best female golfers in the world.
Earlier this week Li said that she wasn't nervous about becoming the centre of attention at today's game. "I just want to have fun and play the best I can and I really don't care about the result. I can learn a lot from these great players."
Li doesn't spend all her time golfing. She is home-schooled in an online Stanford University programme. Her favourite subjects are Maths, History, and Science and she loves to read. She also loves medicine, diving, badminton, dancing, and table tennis.
But golf is her favourite sport. "I like golf because it's different from other sports. Anybody can play it." she said.
Some female golfers are worried that Li isn't quite ready for the Open. "When I found out she was qualified, I said, where does she go from here? You qualify for an Open at 11, what do you do next? If she was my kid, I wouldn't let her play in the US Open at all, but that's just me," said world champion Stacy Lewis.
Dottie Pepper, an ESPN analyst , thinks that the most important thing is that Li doesn't think of winning.
"If the success for her is not based on   score, then I don't think she's too young. The important thing for her is to treat the whole experience as a kid on the golf score. Forget expectations." Dottie said.
The question is: Lucy Li qualified for a US Women's Open Golf tournament  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:in May 2014
B:in June 2014
C:this week
D:last MayFor many young people sport is a popular part of school life. Being in one of the school teams and playing in matches is very important. If someone is in a team it means a lot of extra practice and often spending a Saturday or Sunday away from home, as many matches are played then.
In can also involve travelling to other towns to play against other school teams and then staying on after the match for a meal or a drink. Sometimes parents, friends or the other students will travel with the team to support their own side.
When a school team wins a match it is the whole school. It means the whole school feels proud, not only the players. It also means a school becomes famous for being good at certain sports and students from that school may end up playing for national and international teams, so that the school has some really famous names.
The question is: Some parents, friends or other students  _   when the school team plays against other school team.
The possible answers are:
A:will play with them
B:will go with the team and support them
C:will train with them
D:will have a meal or a drink with themIf you love reading books, you must know about the book The Little Prince. It's a famous novel written by a French writer. As one of the best-selling books in history, it has been sold as many as 200 million copies in 253 languages and dialects . Now, around seventy years after the birth of the book, an American director has found a way to make it into a 3D animated film.
The book tells the story of a pilot, called The Aviator, who crashes into the desert and meets a young prince there. However, in the film, the story starts years after the crash when The Aviator is much older. He has got a new neighbor called The Little Girl, whose mother wants her to get ready to enter the grown-up world. Slowly, the Aviator shares his story with The Little Girl by writing it down and sending her a page at a time. The pages are complete with the pictures in the book, speaking about his time in the desert and taking The Little Girl to an amazing world where anything is possible.
China is the first country in the world to see the film in two versions--in Chinese and English. The film shows The Little Girl's life and tells The Little Prince's story at the same time in a beautiful way.
Huang Lei, who voices the film together with his 9-year-old daughter, says the film is like a childhood dream which is lost by most adults in this stressed-out society.
"The most touching part is that every one of us was a good-natured kid like the Little Prince, and it's a pity that this good characteristic goes away as time flies," he says.
,
The question is: The novel The Little Prince was written in the  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:1900s
B:1940s
C:1990s
D:2010sAll students need to have good study habits .When you have good study habits, you learn things quickly. You also remember them easily.
Do you like to study in the living room? This is not a good place because it is usually too noisy. You need to study in a quiet place, like your bedroom. A quiet place will help you only think about one thing.
When you study, don't think about other things at the same time. Only think about your homework. If you do this, you will do your homework more quickly and you will make fewer mistakes.
Good study habits are very important. If you do not have them, try to learn them. If you are already good, try to make them better.
The question is: When do you remember things easily?  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:When we study
B:When we learn things
C:When we need to have good study habits
D:When we have good study habitsThe English language is different from any other language. Yet English words do not stay the same. The language is always changing. We need new words for new inventions and new ideas. Different words come into use, or older words are used in a new way.
English can change by borrowing words from other languages. Tomato was borrowed from Mexico and pajamas from Indian. The word coffee came from Turkey, and tea came from China. Now new space and science words are being borrowed from other countries, too.
New words are also made by adding two words together. Strawberry, popcorn, and grandfather are words made up of two parts.
Sometimes new words are shorter forms of older words. The word photo was made from photograph by cutting off the end of the longer word. Plane was made by cutting off the front part of airplane. Smog was made by using only the first two and last two letters from the words smoke and fog.
The names of people and products can become new words. Our sandwich was named after a man named Sandwich. Scotch Tape, Band-aid and Jello were names made up by the companies that first made the products.
,.
The question is: The English language needs new words   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:to make it more beautiful
B:to make up some stories
C:for new inventions and new ideas
D:to keep up with other languagesAn eight-year-old boy named Liangliang liked watching cartoons every day instead of doing his homework, so his mother stopped him from watching cartoons. Liangliang called the police to take his mother away--such a "good reason" to call the police.
Most people would just laugh it off. However, it shows that something is wrong with our education. It rings alarm to our Chinese parents to think about it.
Parents should ask themselves why they're so angry when their kids want to watch cartoons instead of doing homework. Kids are supposed to be simple and naughty . They can just ask their kids to do things they expect them to do. Schoolwork is important but a healthy childhood is much more important. If they push their kids too hard, the kids will not listen to them. Instead, parents should spend some time talking to their kids and help them grow in a good way. It's also a good way to help parents themselves to grow, too.
In China, lots of parents care more about scores  than any other things. They hope their kids can be top students and go to the top colleges. Curriculum Reformation  is coming though, and it would bring some changes to our schools. It's also time for parents to change their minds to reduce pressure  on their kids and help them to grow happily and naturally.
The question is: Parents can reduce pressure on their kids by   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:changing their own minds
B:caring about scores
C:helping the kids go to the top colleges
D:helping the kids to be top studentsMr. King works very long hours every day. He usually gets up at 5:30. He brushes his teeth quickly and goes to his workplace  . Then he runs with some kids. After that he takes a shower. He eats his breakfast at 7:00. His work starts at 8:10. He is good at math and many boys and girls learn math from him. All the kids like him very much. He often talks or plays games with the kids. He usually goes to bed after 22:00. He is often very tired but he likes his job and loves the kids. He doesn't work on weekends. Mr. King likes reading at home on weekends. Sometimes some kids' parents come to his home to talk about their kids. When Monday comes, Mr. King gets busy again.
The question is: Which of following is NOT true?
The possible answers are:
A:Mr. King usually gets up early.
B:Mr. King is usually goes to bed at 22:00.
C:Mr. King likes reading on weekends.
D:Mr. King works at a school.We go shopping   on Sunday. I often go to the supermarket   with my mother on Sunday morning. Father likes fruit very much. We buy some bananas for him. Mother likes red apples, but the apples in the supermarket are green. We don't buy  them. The strawberries are very nice. Mother likes them very much and buys some for herself . The oranges are very nice, too. Mother buys some for me. I like oranges very much.
We need some vegetables. The vegetables in the supermarket are very good. We buy some broccoli. I don't like broccoli, but my parents like it. I like carrots very much. We buy lots of carrots. After shopping, mother and I have some salad, French fries and ice cream. Then we go back home with the fruit and vegetables.
The question is: Who likes strawberries very much?   _
The possible answers are:
A:I
B:Father
C:Mother
D:I don't know.You may not realize it, but you are doing much more than just studying when you are at school. School is also the place where you learn to get on well with people. But this is not always easy. What can you do if you just don't like one of your classmates?
If you discover that you have problems getting on with your classmates or friends, the most important thing to learn is tolerance. Tolerance is the ability to realize and respect the differences in others. We can not change the way that other people do, so it is important to learn to live happily with them.
Tolerance will make everyone get on better with each other. Getting to know someone may help you understand why they do things differently. Something different does not exactly mean that it is bad. Tolerance teaches us to keep a _ and open mind.
You need to remember an old saying, "Treat others how you want to be treated". If you tolerate something, it does not mean that you have to like it. No one is asking you to change who you are or what you believe in. Tolerance just means that you should respect the differences in others and not try to make them change.
It is important to practice tolerance, because it will make everyone's life easier. Learn to accept people for their different abilities and interests. The world is very different, and practicing tolerance in your own school and city can help make a difference.
The question is: What is tolerance according to the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:Accept people as they are.
B:Believe you are always right.
C:Expect everybody to be the same.
D:Change yourself to please other people.Mr. Brown was on his way home from the railway station. It was very late, and he was alone on the dark road. Suddenly he heard someone behind him. He began to walk faster. The man behind him walked faster, too. He walked more slowly, and the man moved more slowly, too. He began to run, and the man was following him and he was really scared.
There was a wall on one side of the road, and he quickly climbed up on it and jumped down on the other side. "If he passes and doesn't stop," Mr. Brown thought, "everything will be all right." But the man didn't pass. He climbed up on the wall and jumped down, too. Mr. Brown's only thought was, "I'm in great danger!" He stood up and shouted, "What do you want? Why are you following me?"
The man was so tired that at first it was difficult for him to speak. "I didn't know that you were a very good runner," he said at last, "I have to go to Mr. White's house, but I don't know the way. A man at the station told me that you lived next to Mr. White's and he told me to follow you. I'm too tired to go any farther."
The question is: Mr. Brown was really  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:in great danger
B:a policeman
C:afraid of the man
D:too tired to moveMy name is Bill. I come from China. Now I am in Grade Eight. I have to get up very early in the morning , because my home is very far from the school. After breakfast, I take the subway to get to school.
This term, I have a new subject . It's physics. I like it best. I think it is very easy and interesting. I have physics classes on Mondays, Wednesdays and Fridays. They are all my favorite days.
Mr.White is my physics teacher. He is now forty years old . Now he is in front of the blackboard. What's he doing now ? "Where is my physics book ? I am looking for it ." My deskmate , Mike , stands up and says , "Sir , it's in your hand ." We all laugh . Mr. White is very forgetful .
,.
The question is: What is Mr. White doing in front of the blackboard ?
The possible answers are:
A:He is teaching the students physics.
B:He is asking Mike a question.
C:He is looking for his book.
D:He is writing on the blackboard.One of the problems career people  have in the morning is dressing for the office when there will be an evening party immediately followed, with no time to return home to change. The easiest solution is to keep a full set of toiletries   and make-ups stored somewhere at the office. A woman going to an evening party should dress in one of her "basic dresses" in the morning--the kind that can change into a different look with an added scarf or jewelry. In fifteen minutes, when her office day has ended, she can metamorphose  herself into another person with freshly cleaned teeth, combed hair, a new face, a different and dressier  pair of shoes, and some sparkling jewelry. If she must wear a long dress for the party, she should bring it to the office in a protective bag and store it safely until she has to put it on.
The question is: The easiest solution is   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:to keep a full set of toiletries and make-ups stored somewhere at the office
B:not to go to the party
C:to take a taxi home
D:to finish work earlierWelcome to India as volunteer teachers! Teaching and helping with dance, sport, music, English and art at some primary schools and planning outdoor activities.
Volunteers can stay together in pairs or small groups and share the experience and activities with the school teachers' help. It will bring you lots of joy and a special time.
You can spend your weekends on the Indian beach when you are not busy. Because the Indian beach is not for away. The beaches on the southern coast of India are good for relaxing. Near the beach are the cities of Chennai and Pondichery with large population of about half a million. There are a lot of usual restaurants, banks and supermarkets. They are waiting for you to hang out.
It's not only a volunteering project, but also a cultural exchange. The visitors can learn much about Indian ways of life while they are teaching children. What's more, you can know about India and its people.
Please call us at 18886666 now and book a space.
The question is: What can the volunteers help with at primary schools?
The possible answers are:
A:They can help with dance and music.
B:They can help with teaching.
C:They can help with dance, sport, music, English and art.
D:They can help with everything.Mike was the kind of guy you love to hate. He was always happy and always had something interesting to say. If someone asked him how he was doing, he would reply, "Couldn't be better!" He was really a care-free young man and never felt tired.
Mike used to say, "Each morning I wake up and say to myself, 'Mike, you have two choices  today. You can choose to be happy or you can choose to be upset.' I choose to be happy. Each time something happens, I am always ready to learn a good lesson. I choose to learn from life."
I tried to understand what he said. Indeed life is all about choices. Every situation is a choice. The bottom line is: You're living your life and you make it either happy or sad.
Several years later I had a car accident and my legs were seriously injured. When I was lying on the ground, I remembered that I had two choices: I could choose to live or choose to die. I chose to live.
People like to say, "Choose the one you love and love the one you choose." Why not choose the one we love and live happily?
The question is: What does "Couldn't be better!" mean?
The possible answers are:
A:It's bad.
B:It's very good.
C:It isn't bad.
D:It isn't very good.Rose sat behind Kate in the classroom. They got on well with each other. But one day, Rose didn't see her school IC card at lunch time. She asked her classmates and looked for it everywhere. But she couldn't find it. Later, one girl said that she saw Kate take a card from Rose's desk. Hearing this, Rose got very angry.
When she met Kate in the afternoon, Rose shouted, "You have stolen my card!" Hearing this, Kate began to cry, "No, no, I didn't steal it! I only took it by mistake." But Rose didn't think so and she began to say bad words to Kate.
Just then a teacher came up and asked what had happened. Kate told the whole story. She said a middle school classmate of hers came to see her in the morning. She was so excited that she took the card on the desk and rushed out. Then they went for lunch happily. "I used the card, but I had thought it was mine. I didn't know it was Rose's until she looked for it. I was too afraid to explain it to her. So I decided to put the card back with some money secretly. I am sorry, Rose." Kate said in a low voice.
"It's just a misunderstanding  !" said the teacher. Tears came into Rose's eyes. Then she said, "I was very sorry, Kate! I hope we are still good friends." Kate smiled when she heard the words. Hand in hand, they walked toward the classroom building.
The question is: From the end of the story, we can learn that Rose and Kate would   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:be good friends again
B:say sorry to the teacher
C:go on fighting later
D:explain more to each otherIt all started a year before when my daughter Suzanne and I were shopping in Sydney. In the window of a sports shop I noticed a photo of a group of young people climbing the rock along a canyon . "That's what I'm going to do next year," I said. Suzanne laughed. "Sure, Mom! Don't forget you're 65 years old. "
I didn't feel l was that age! I joined a club and trained weekly. Each day I felt my physical energy increase and, along with it, my confidence. Then Suzanne pointed out, "It's good, but how can you clear away the fear of height?" "I've got it worked out, " I replied bravely. "We're going to the indoor climbing center. "
While I was going up the high wall, I was afraid to look down as if a terrible animal was after me. Some time later, as I reached the ground, I sat down heavily on the floor. Later that night, as I lay in bed, I encouraged myself, "You've climbed the wall! You'll certainly make it! "
We set off with our packages to the Grand Canyon. When we reached it, I found the canyon was a huge black hole--far deeper than I had imagined. As the guide clipped  me onto the rope, _ . Time lost all meaning as I pushed my body forward. Only the strong rope kept me from losing hope. I began to think it would never end when everyone had stopped. "This is as far as we go, and we can climb out after a few steps, " the guide said finally. Two and a half hours later, we returned to the car park at last. I began to shake, one hard step after another.
Getting onto the bus, I fell into the seat I had left so confidently a lifetime before. Then, while I was in the seat catching my breath, a feeling of happiness spread through me. I had done it, at the age of 66.
,.
The question is: What can be learned from the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:Every dog has its day.
B:Where there is a will, there is a way.
C:Climbing is the only way to keep healthy.
D:Children should care more about their parents.My name is Linda. I'm a girl. I live in Canada .I have two big eyes. My eyes are green. I have long, red hair. I am 1.6 meters tall. I have long arms and long legs. I like black .Black is my favourite colour.
I have a friend in China. Her name is Lin Na. She has two big eyes ,too. But her eyes are black. Lin Na is short. She is only 1.5 meters tall. She  has long hair, too. But her hair is black. She likes yellow. She has many yellow clothes. Yellow is her favourite colour.
Lin Na an d I look different, but we are good friends .
The question is: Linda's friend likes   _
The possible answers are:
A:blue
B:yellow
C:black
D:green.Trains have long been an important form of transportation. Yet they have changed a lot since 1804, when the first train moved at 8 km/hr. Today's high speed trains can go 300 km/hr or faster. Besides their speed, they have many advantages over other transportation types.
Japan built the world's first high speed railway. In 1964, Japan's "Shinkansen" trains started traveling between Osaka and Tokyo at 200 km/hr. Over time, more lines, as well as faster trains, were built.
Korea, England, and the USA, now have their own high speed systems. Taiwan Province's started running in 2007. Its trains are based on two types of Shinkansen trains. They can carry 989 people and travel from Taipei to Kaohsiung in less than two hours.
These systems are expensive to build, but they have many advantages. For example, they are good for the environment. Trains on the London to Paris line create 1/10 the pollution that planes create. High speed trains are also safer and cleaner than cars.
Super fast trains can even help a country's economy . They make it easier to travel to faraway places. That helps businesses and land values in those areas. It's no wonder so many countries are building their own high speed railways.
The question is: One of the disadvantages of high speed trains mentioned in this passage is that   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:they are safer than some other transportation types
B:it costs a lot to build the whole high speed systems
C:they're good for a country's businesses and land values
D:super fast trains can help a country's economyAs students, you may have many dreams. They can be very big like becoming Superman, or they can be small. You may just want to become one of the ten best students in your class.
If you find a dream, what do you do with it? Do you ever try to make your dream come true?
Follow Your Heart by Australian writer Andrew Matthews tells us that making our dreams come true is life's biggest _ .
"You may think you're not very good at some school subjects, or that it is impossible   for you to become a star. These ideas stop you from getting your dream," the book says.
In fact, everyone can make his dream come true. The first important thing you must do is to remember what your dream is.
Don't let it leave your heart  . Keep telling yourself what you want. Do this step by step   and your dream will come true faster. A big dream is, in fact, many small dreams.
Never give up   your dream. There will be difficulties   on the road. But the biggest problem comes from yourself. You need to decide what is the most important. Studying instead of   watching TV will bring you better exam points. Saving five yuan instead of buying an ice cream means you can buy a new book. When you get closer to your dream, it may change a little. Then you will be able to learn more skills and find new interests.
The question is: Follow Your Heart is   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:the first thing you must do to make your dream come true
B:the most important dream to have for students
C:the name of a book by Andrew Matthews
D:the name of a famous Australian writerLook at the cat on the left. Find anything strange?
In 1961, a man found a strange cat on his farm in Scotland. The cat's ears were folded  , bent   forward, on its head. In fact, this was a new kind of cat. People named it the "Scottish Fold".
The Scottish Fold has a round head and big eyes. Its neck and legs are short. They make it look very lovely. Interestingly, all the Scottish Folds are born with straight and unfolded ears. And when they are growing up day by day, some cats' ears will begin to fold. So, the Scottish Fold comes in two types: folded ears and straight ears.
There is a nickname for the Scottish Fold. It is the "Messenger of Peace". Why? Because the Folds are sweet and friendly animals. They can _ with other cats. And unlike some other cats, they can even get along well with dogs! In many different places, for example, at a noisy house or in a cat show, you can see them playing with other animals happily.
Well, when you come to a new school, do you think it's difficult to feel comfortable in the new place? Perhaps you can learn from the Scottish Fold, which is always sweet and friendly to others.
The question is: According to the passage, what is the writer's advice to us when we are in a new environment?
The possible answers are:
A:We should have a nickname
B:We should learn from the cats.
C:We should get along well with dogs.
D:We should always be sweet and friendly to others.Running
Running is good for people with too much fat because it can help them become slim. It also makes people strong. But it may be bad for joints  . If we don't feel comfortable in our joints, we should stop for another activity.
Walking
Walking makes our bodies relaxed  . It can also help people to be slim.
Swimming
Swimming is a great way to make different places of your body strong. But it is not a good way to keep slim. The water in a swimming pool is cooler than our body. The body protects   itself from the cold by keeping fat.
Cycling
Riding a bike will help us be slim and make our legs strong, too. But be careful! If you live in the city, you should ride on the bike road and be away from the busy traffic.
The question is: What does the passage tell us about?
The possible answers are:
A:Four outdoor activities.
B:Four ways of travelling.
C:Four reasons why we need sports.
D:Four good things of sports.My name is Frank White. I'm fifteen years old. I was born  on May 13th, 1996. Mike is my good friend. His birthday is on May 15th. He is only 13 years old now. Every year on May 14th, we have a birthday party together in our school. We often have a pop concert  . I play the guitar. He plays the drum. Many friends come to our party. We are very happy.
The question is: _   on May 14 th.
The possible answers are:
A:Frank's birthday is
B:Mike's birthday
C:They have a basketball game.
D:They have a birthday party.This is Mr Brown's family. In his family there are four people:Mr Brown, Mrs Brown, their son Tony and their daughter Sally.
Mr Brown is sitting in a chair. He is reading a newspaper. Mrs Brown is sitting at the desk. She is writing a letter. Tony is lying in the bed. He is reading a storybook. Sally is sitting on the floor. She is playing with her toy car. There is a cat under the desk. What is the cat doing? It is sleeping.
The question is: What is Sally playing with?
The possible answers are:
A:A cat.
B:A book.
C:Tony.
D:A toy carThere is a zoo named Zhongshan in our city. There are many animals. Some animals are very friendly. But some other animals are not. Tigers, lions and some snakes are dangerous . That's why they must be in cages . But I don't think it's good for animals to be in cages. They need to be free. The animals in cages cannot be happy.
Tigers usually live in forests and mountains . They are strong and can run very fast . They run after and eat small animals like rabbits and deer , but now they are in small cages. They have nothing to do every day. So they walk around in the cages, and they want to come out. When they are tired, they sleep. I am kind of sorry for them.
The question is: Tigers want to   _   when they are in cages.
The possible answers are:
A:come out
B:eat animals
C:run fast
D:be friendly to peopleMaybe you have seen this in schools: some students are studying hard all the time but they just pass their exams, while some others may spend much less time on their books but do much better in exams. How could this happen? People used to think that hard-work is the only way to success. But now they have understood that smart work can make them succeed, too.
Hard workers don't mind working for long hours, while smart workers always think of several different answers to these questions, " Why should I suffer  this? Isn't there s better way to do this?"  Thanks to these people, we can use computers instead of the abacus  now. Progress in every field  is the direct result of " try a better way" by smart workers.
There was a large soap factory in Japan. Once it received an unusual letter, complaining  that there was no soap in the soapbox he bought.  How could empty soapboxes go out of the factory? The engineers   checked the producing and packing . The producing was fine, but in about one in ten thousand cases, the packing machine let an empty soapbox go. There was no need to spend a lot of money repairing the machine for such a small problem. The engineer soon work out a solution. He put a huge X-ray machine and two large computers to find out the empty soapboxes. After teaching the worker how to use it, he sat down in his seat, exhausted .
" Sir, we could have solved the problem in a much easier and cheaper way." said one worker. " Really? How?"  " We can put a huge fan  near the packing machine. The wind will _ the empty boxes. There would be no need for an X-ray machine and computers."
See, this is smart work. In order to succeed, we should not work hard like the engineer, but also think smartly like this worker.
The question is: Some students spend much less time on the schoolwork but do much better in exams  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:Because of their hard work
B:Because of different education
C:Because they try to find a better way
D:Because they study for a much longer timeIf you have time, if you love sunshine and swimming, why not come to Australia to have a lovely holiday? You will enjoy every minute of being here. Of course, there is still some information that you have to know before you come.
The sun
In Australia, you can see many kinds of plants and animals and many beautiful views. However, you should be careful. Our sunlight is very strong and you may get sunburn, If you want to go out, you had better wear a hat and a shirt with collar and long sleeves and don't forget to take your sunglasses and sun cream, Don't look at the sun directly.
Swimming
We have so many beautiful places to swim, beaches, lakes, rivers and _ . Most of our public beaches have lifesaving service. Yellow and red flags tell you the area that you are advised to swim in. If there are no flags or lifeguards on the beach, you'd better ask the local people before you go into the water.
Banks and money
Banks are usually open between 9:30 a.m. and 4:00 p.m. on Monday to Thursday and 9:30 a.m. to 5:00 p.m. on Friday. Travellers can change money at all the banks and some of the larger hotels.
.
The question is: Where can we read this passage?
The possible answers are:
A:A dictionary.
B:Instructions.
C:A guide book.
D:A textbook.Many people like spring, because they can go out and do many kinds of activities. We made a survey about the activities that people like to do in spring. Here are the results.
Scott:
In spring, I often visit my uncle and I like fishing with him. I also like boating and enjoy the beach. Last spring my uncle and I went boating. The dolphins came so close to us. It was very amazing. I hope that I can go there again soon.
Linda:
My favorite spring activity is gardening  . I think it is relaxing to work in the garden. I grow many flowers in my garden every year. They are so beautiful.
Nancy:
I love spring. I love going to the beach and spending a whole day there. It is so relaxing to lie on the beach. I also like surfing in the sea.
James:
I am twelve years old. My favorite spring activity is swimming. I started to learn swimming when I was seven years old. I always have a good time with my friends in the river.
The question is: James has been swimming for   _   years.
The possible answers are:
A:five
B:six
C:seven
D:eightWith rising food prices, growing population and environmental problems, many people are worrying about how we will feed ourselves in the future. Don't worry. Scientists are trying to find some answers.
Some scientists believe insects will become a staple of our diet. Insects provide as many nutrients as ordinary meat and a great source of protein  , they also cost less to raise than cows and use less water. About 1,400 species are suitable as food for humans. Many people have already eaten insects as a part of their diet. Locusts are popular in Africa, wasps are a dish in Japan, and crickets are eaten in Thailand. The Dutch government is preparing for insect farms and has invested one million euros into research.
In the future, land and fresh water will be in short supply. It is possible that people need to find a reliable food source in the ocean. Scientists have already found one at the bottom of the food chain---seaweed. It has long been a staple in Asia, and countries including Japan have huge seaweed farms. Such farms can easily work in other countries and be very successful. The great thing about seaweed is that it grows at an amazing rate. It's the fastest growing plant on earth.
Scientists are also working in the lab to solve the problem of food shortage. A few years ago, European scientists successfully produced lab meat, also known as cultured meat. They grew muscle tissue using stem cells taken from cows. The experiment was funded by NASA to see if lab meat was a food astronauts could eat in space.
In 20 years' time , lab meat is likely to become a popular dish of our diet. According to research, growing meat in a lab rather than slaughtering  animals can greatly reduce greenhouse gases, along with energy and water use. People can also reduce fat from the meat and add nutrients.
The question is: Why did NASA fund the experiment of creating lab meat?
The possible answers are:
A:Because they wanted to make extra money.
B:Because astronauts didn't like the taste of beef and pork.
C:Because they wanted to solve the problem of food shortage.
D:Because they wanted to see if lab meat was a suitable food for astronauts.I am a tall boy. I can play basketball and soccer very well. Today is Sunday. I don't go to school. I watch a soccer match on TV. It's a good match. Beckham is my idol .He plays well in the match. In the afternoon, I play soccer with my good friends Jim,Ben, Peter, Gary and Kevin. Sarah is in the park, too. She is my good friend. She watches us play. We are hungry at 4:00, but we are happy.
The question is: Sarah   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:playssoccer
B:doesn'tplay
C:doesn'twatch
D:singsIt was the first day of school. I stood up to look around when a gentle hand touched my shoulder. I turned around to find a little old lady smiling at me.
She said, "Hi handsome. My name is Rose. I'm eighty-seven years old. Can I give you a hug?"
I laughed, enthusiastically responding, "Of course!" And she gave me a giant squeeze. "Why are you in college at such an age?" I asked.
"I'm here to meet a rich husband, get married, have children, and then retire and travel."
"No seriously."
"I always dreamed of having a college education and now I'm getting one!"
We became instant friends. Over the course of the year, Rose made friends wherever she went. She loved to dress up and she took great delight in the attention given to her from the other students. _ . At the end of the term we invited Rose to speak at our football banquet   and I'll never forget what she taught us.
As she began to deliver her prepared speech, she dropped her note card on the floor. A little embarrassed she simply said, "I'm sorry. This whiskey is killing me! I'll never get my speech back in order so let me just tell you what I know." As we laughed, she cleared her throat and began: "We do not stop playing because we are old; we grow old because we stop playing; There are only four secrets to staying young, being happy and achieving success. You have to laugh and find humor every day. You have got to have a dream. When you lose your dreams, you die. We have so many people walking around who are dead and don't even know it! There is a huge difference between growing older and growing up. If you are nineteen years old and lie in bed for one full year and don't do one productive thing, you will turn twenty years old. Anyone can grow older. That doesn't take any talent or ability. The idea is to grow up by always finding the opportunity in change. Have no regrets. The elderly usually don't have regrets for what we did, but rather for things we did not do."
At the year's end Rose finished the college degree. One week after graduation Rose died peacefully in her sleep. Over two thousand college students attended her funeral  to honor the wonderful woman.
The question is: In Rose's opinion, one can learn to grow up by   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:getting new ideas
B:regretting his mistakes
C:gaining new knowledge every day
D:finding chances to do productive thingsI'm Lin Min. My sister Lin Li is a teacher, but she isn't in Beijing with us. She works in a small school in Yushu in Qinghai. She works very hard. Every morning after breakfast, she goes to four of her students' homes and brings them to school. At eight o'clock, the students have the first morning class. After four classes, they have lunch at school. During the lunch time, Lin Li tells some stories to them. The students like listening to her stories. The afternoon classes start at 13:00 and finish at 16:00. After school, Lin Li sends the four students back to their homes. In the evening, she doesn't watch TV or play computer games. She usually checks her students' homework. Then she goes to bed at 22:00.
Lin Li wants to do more things for her students. She is a great teacher, isn't she?
The question is: Where is Lin Min?
The possible answers are:
A:In Yushu.
B:In Beijing.
C:In Shanghai.
D:In Qinghai.In many English homes people eat four meals a day: breakfast, lunch, tea and dinner.People have breakfast at any time from seven to nine in the morning.They eat porridge,eggs or bread.English people drink tea or coffee at breakfast.Lunch comes at one o'clock.Afternoon tea is from four to five in the afternoon and dinner is about half past seven.First they have soups, and then they have meat or fish with vegetables.After that they eat some other things, like bananas,apples or oranges.But not all English people eat like that.Some of them have their dinner in the middle of the day.Their meals are breakfast, dinner, tea and supper and all these meals are very necessary.
The question is: In many English homes dinner comes  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:at one o'clock
B:in the middle of the day
C:at noon
D:at nightThe famous Chinese mathematician  Hua Luogeng was born in Jintan County, Jiangsu province in 1910. When he was young, life was very difficult for his family. Still, the boy took great interest in math.
In the summer of 1931, he was fortunate  enough to become an assistant in the Math Department  of Qinghua University, where he spent every moment he could find working and studying, and he finished his compulsory  math course all by himself in only 13 months!
Between the years of 1936 and 1938, he was further studying in Cambridge University in the U.K. In 1950, together with his family, he returned to China from the USA. He said, "I'm Chinese, and I'll do my best for my motherland."
So he did. He devoted  all his life to the math study and won the great fame  for our country.
He died for heart trouble in 1985 while lecturing in Japan. People will always remember him as a great scientist.
The question is: Hua Luogeng was   _   in 1937. Which of the following cannot be chosen?
The possible answers are:
A:in China
B:abroad
C:in Cambridge
D:in EnglandHere are four of my friends. Get to know them and their interesting experiences.
I'm Mark. I'm 12. I have learned a lot about cycling and cycled about two hundred miles   with my friends. We all felt very excited.
My name is Sam. I'm one year older than Mark. I have entered a competition. At last, I won it and the prize was a seven---day holiday to my favourite country --America.
You can call me Linda. I'm the same age as Mark. I have been to Hong Kong Disneyland with my parents. I was excited to see so many cartoon characters  because I often dreamed about them.
John is my name. I'm one year younger than Sam. I have learned to ride a horse because I thought it was exciting. Before I learned it, I fell off the horse many times. But that was very interesting for me.
The question is: What did Sam win in the competition?
The possible answers are:
A:A holiday to America.
B:A visit to London.
C:A travel to Hainan.
D:A trip to Hong Kong Disneyland.It was wonderful to travel around Taiwan. I still remember my last trip to Taiwan.
First, I visited National Palace Museum in Taiwan. It was built in 1962. It was completed  in 1965. In this museum, you can find lots of exhibitions. It is said that the museum keeps about 600,000 artworks. The workers of the museum said they changed exhibitions every three months.
Yinke was the second place I visited. The town is like 19th century European houses and has a lot of small streets as in old England.
 _ was a great experience to visit Keelung. The Keelung coasts are very famous for their wonderful scenes. There is also a seafood market. You can buy fresh products there.
I then arrived at Danshui. The most interesting place of Danshui is the Lovers Bridge. The bridge connects one side of the river with the other side. It is about 40 meters long. However, only one person can cross it at a time.
I like Taiwan and I want to visit Taiwan again if I have time.
The question is: Which of the following is NOT TRUE about National Palace Museum in Taiwan,?
The possible answers are:
A:It is said that the museum keeps about 600, 000 artworks.
B:You can find lots of exhibitions in the museum.
C:They change exhibitions every three months.
D:It took people about five years to finish building  the museum.The tall man was sitting in the chair. He was reading a book. When I talked to him, I found that from boyhood  , he had the habit   of carrying a little book in his pocket. He often read every minute when he was not doing anything else. He found a book very useful during the time of waiting, such as waiting for meals, buses, doctors, telephone calls, plays to begin or something to happen.
That was how he found his fifteen minutes a day for reading.
That was how he read his twenty books a year --one thousand in his lifetime.
The question is: When the man was waiting for the doctor, he   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:talk with others
B:found something to eat
C:read a book
D:wanted to know who the doctor was1990 was a significant year in world enents. In Febbruary, Nelson Mandela was set free after 27 years in prison. In October, East and West Germany became one country again. Then at the end of 1990, the World Wide Web was born. For this final event we have one man to thank, Tim Berners-Lee, the father of the Web.
Berners-Lee was born on June 8, 1955 in London, England. His parents, both computer designers, encouraged him to think and work creativelhy as he grew up. He was an excellent student and naturally took an interest in computers and science.
After graduating from Oxford University, Tim went to work at a science research centre in Sfwitzerland. There be developed some of the different systems that would later become the Web. The first was HTML, the computer language used to make web pages. The second was an address system that let  computers anhywhere find each other and send and receive information. In 1990, while still at the science centre in Switzerland, he put them together to make the first Internet browser. It could run on any computer and allowed people to create  share their information with the rest of the world.
Tim knew that the more people used the Web, the more useful it would be. He wasn't interested in money but knowledge, so he gave out his invention for free to anyone who was interested. Many were interested and the growth of the Internet began.
Today Tim works as a professor at the MIT in America, researching new and interesting ways to use the Web. He has received many awards from governments and organizations for his efforts. He is still not very interested in money. That is why he is so admired by his students and workmates. It may also be one of the reasons that few people outside the world of technology know his name.
The question is: What can we learn about Berners-Lee from the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:He was encouraged to be creative.
B:He didn't do well at school.
C:He is a very poor businessman.
D:He is well-known all over the world.Do you like travelling ?More and more students like riding bikes to travel on the road.But it may be dangerous on your trip.For your own safety ,do the following things.
Wear a bike helmet and it can protect your head.Look for a helmet that fits you well.Even the best,most expensive helmet won't protect you if it doesn't fit.
Wear the right clothes.They can make you feel better.And they can also protect you.Bright-colored clothes help people see you clearly-even in the daytime.Don't wear dark-colored clothes like black or brown while riding a bike.
Keep the rules of the road while riding a bike.Always ride on the right side of the street in the same _ .Never change your direction without first looking behind you.Don't ride too closely to cars-the cars may stop and the doors open suddenly !Finally,don't wear earphones while riding a bike-you need to hear what's going on around you.
The question is: According to the passage,which one is WRONG?
The possible answers are:
A:You'd better wear a bike helmet when you travel by bike.
B:Bright-colored clothes can help people find you clearly.
C:You can listen to music with earphones in your ears while you are riding a bike.
D:Never change your direction without first looking behind you.You are going to high school, aren't you? Maybe you don't know what to do. Well, here's a list of the top six things to do when you are in high school. These things will give you ideas of what your high school life could be like. Here you go!
1 Find your passion  and what kind of person you are: Whether it's dance, basketball, or drawing, the important thing is that you have found something you are interested in.
2 Talk to people you wouldn't usually talk to: meet new people, find new friends and even talk to people you don't like. It will show what a great person you are. You never know what will happen after high school.
3 Take part in at least one contest : This will give you tears of laughter, happiness and memories.
4 Get a job: This will help you see what it's like to have responsibility . It can also help you make a little money to spend on yourself.
5 Take a trip with your friends: It doesn't matter where you go or what you do, the memories will happen on the way and go on till the final place.
6 Do your best at school: Don't ever get lazy; working hard now will help you in the future.
The question is: Which of the following you'd better not do according to the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:Find your interest
B:Get a Job
C:take a trip with your friends
D:Get lazyWe talk every day. When we have good news, we like to share it with our good friends and when something terrible happens, we tell it to others soon. But can you imagine that a tree can talk and share news too ? Of course, no tree moves _ and says words just as people do. Strange as it may sound, though, some trees do manage to communicate with each other.
Willow   trees are the best-known of these trees. When insects begin nibbling   a willow tree, the tree sends out a special smell at once. This smell tells the other willows that harmful insects are coming near. All of them quickly make a chemical   in their leaves. This chemical is bad to the insects. The insects do not like it and they fly away soon. In this way, the willow trees protect themselves from the insects.
The next time when you take a walk in the woods, maybe the trees are "talking" to each other quietly. And when someone says that trees cannot "talk", please tell them that even trees give messages to each other, too.
The question is: Willow trees send messages with  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:words
B:movements
C:smells
D:soundsNew York is one of the last large American cities to have some of its policemen on horseback. The New York police have 170 horses working in certain parts of the city. The horses are expensive to feed, but it is even more expensive to look after them. Because the horses must walk on the streets, they need special horseshoes. In fact , they need more than 8,000 of them each year. Every police horse in New York gets new shoes every month. Keeping these shoes in good repair is the job of six blacksmiths. There are only about thirty-five of these blacksmiths in the whole United States.
The cost of shoing a horse is between twenty dollars and thirty-five dollars, and it takes a good blacksmith two or three hours to do the job.
A blacksmith's job is not an easy one. He must be able to shape a shoe from a piece of metal and then fit it to the horse's foot. The blacksmith must bend over all the time when he is fitting the shoe and must hold the weight of the horse's leg while he works. Clearly, a blacksmith must be very storng. But even more important, he must be able to deal with horses---for before the blacksmith can begin his work, he has to get the horse to lift its leg.
One of the blacksmiths in New York is James Corbin. He came to the country from Ireland in 1948. He not only makes horseshoes for the police but also works for a group of horse owners near the city. Corbin became interested in blacksmithing because his father did it, and,as the puts it, "It's a good way to make a living."
The question is: Which of the following is true?
The possible answers are:
A:Only a few large American cities have some policemen on horseback.
B:New York is the only city in America to have some policemen on horseback.
C:Policemen on horseback enjoy travelling around the United States.
D:Policemen on horseback are less expensive than those in cars.I used to hate my mother because she worked a lot and didn't spend much time with me. Then one Friday morning I took part in a three-day self-help program for teenagers. Whether you believe it or not, that weekend changed my life.
About 100 other teenagers were there. During the first two days I met a lot of great people. I was glad because I made so many friends there.
On Sunday, the leader did an interesting exercise called "Chocolate or Toys". He asked a girl which she liked better, chocolate or toys. She chose chocolate. Then he asked her to choose again between chocolate and chocolate. Of course, she didn't have a choice.
This exercise told us that sometimes we don't have a choice in life, and that sometimes we have to accept something, rather than complaining .
A girl stood up and started talking about her mom who was a drug addict  and how much she hated her mother.
"I want a new mom," she cried.
"Unluckily, you can't have one," the leader replied.
"You have to accept the mother that you have."
This hit me hard. I realized that, for better or worse, my mom was my mom. I couldn't choose another mom, but I could try to make the best of the situation.
The question is: What is the main idea of this passage?
The possible answers are:
A:Choices can be made as we like
B:Everyone should take part in a self-help program
C:Chocolate can influence one's attitude toward things.
D:We should try to accept things instead of complaining about them.One day an American called Simon went to London to visit his friend, Rick. Rick told him that his flat was on the first floor. When he arrived, Simon went straight to the first floor of the building. But he was told that there was no Rick on that floor. Do you know why?
In fact, the British call the first floor of a building the ground floor. The floor above the ground floor is the first floor, while Americans would call it the second floor.
The story shows that there are a few culture differences between Britain and America, though the British and Americans both speak English.
The British usually hide their feelings. They seldom start a conversation with strangers. For example, on the train the British often spend their time reading newspapers or books. But Americans are quite different. They're more active and easier to talk with.
The British and Americans may use different _ for many things. The British usually use "football", "eraser" and "mail" while Americans prefer to use "soccer", "rubber" and "post".
The question is: Simon went to London to   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:spend his holiday
B:visit his friend
C:study English
D:have a meetingLi Peng is a good student. On weekdays he gets up at six in the morning. He has breakfast at home. Then he reads English from 6:30 to 7:00. He goes to school at seven. He has four classes in the morning. He has lunch at school, but on Sundays he has lunch at home with his family. He has three classes in the afternoon. He leaves school at 5:00. He often has dinner at home. In the evening he sometimes watches TV. Sometimes he does his homework. He goes to bed at ten o'clock every night.
The question is: Where does he have lunch on Sundays?
The possible answers are:
A:At home
B:At school
C:In a store.
D:At his uncle's homeA poor man has an orange tree in his garden. There are many fine oranges on it. He finds one of the oranges much bigger than the others. It is as big as a ball. the poor man takes the orange to the king. The king is very happy. He gives him a lot of money. A rich man hears of this. He takes his gold cup to the king. He hopes to get much more money from the kind. The king likes the cup very much. He says, "This cup is very nice. I'm going to show you something nicer. Please take this orange." The rich man is very angry and throws the orange away.
The question is: The rich man   _   the orange.
The possible answers are:
A:throws away
B:likes
C:wants to eat
D:wants to sellNick and his friends were talking about things that can bring them luck  . "I have a lucky red pen," said Andrea. "I have a lucky penny ," said Manuel. Every time I want to do really well in tests, I carry my lucky penny." Nick thought for a moment, and answered, "My blue socks." "Blue socks?" the boys were surprised and asked together. Nick said that every time he wore his blue socks to school before a test, he got a good mark.
The next day Nick would have a Chinese test. He was sad because he couldn't find his blue socks to wear to school. "Mom!" shouted Nick. "Where are my blue socks? I will have a Chinese test, and I need to wear them." "Don't be silly," Nick's mom said. "They need to be washed." "When I wear them, I get a good grade," Nick said. "Did you prepare for your test?" asked Mom. "Yes." "Then don't worry about it. Just do your best," Mom encouraged. Nick was worried about his test because his lucky socks would not help him.
A few days later, Nick's teacher told him that he got 95 in his test. Nick was so excited that he couldn't wait to tell Mom how well he did in his test. Mom said, "It wasn't the blue socks that made you successful. It was made by yourself."
The question is: Why didn't Nick wear his blue socks?
The possible answers are:
A:The socks needed to be washed.
B:The socks were worn out.
C:One of the socks was missing.
D:The socks were too old.Are you the only child in the family? If so, you are the most important in your family.
Parents are the closest people to you in the world. But a lot of middle school students have a problem. They feel they are not as close to their parents as before. They even don't think their parents are fair   to them.
Some students complain that their parents often say a lot to them, but never listen to them. Some say their parents don't allow them to play computer games when other people are doing it. Others say when they are making phone calls to friends, their parents like to ask if they're speaking to a boy or a girl. These make them very unhappy. Some students even decided to leave home because they're afraid to tell their parents when they have done something wrong, particularly  when they do badly in exams. Then they usually think running away is the only choice . But they don't know running away may bring them some more problems. Problems are parts of life. Here are some suggestions for you to solve your problems.
*Find a good chance to talk with your parents. Don't be afraid to tell them your feeling.
*Keep a diary to help you understand more about yourself and your feeling.
*Get help from others like good friends or teachers.
*Show your parents you are growing up. Then they will feel you are no longer a small child.
If you follow the advice, you will have a happy life and never think of running away.2*1*c*n*j*y
The question is: We'd better   _   if we have problems.
The possible answers are:
A:leave our parents
B:quarrel with our parents
C:talk with our parents
D:run away from homeChildren laugh often and easily. But as we grow up, we laugh less and feel more stressed. Try laughing for no reason at all. That's how thousands of people start their day at Laughter Clubs around the world, and doctors now think that having a good laugh may be one of the best ways to keep healthy. The first Laughter Club was started in Mumbai ,India ,in  June,1995 by Dr Madam Kataria. " Young children laugh about 300 times a day. Adults laugh between 7 and 15 times a day, "says Dr Kataria . "Everyone's naturally good at laughing . We want people to feel happy with their lives." There are now more than 500 Laughter Clubs in India and over 1,300 worldwide.
Place: 264 North Main Street , East Longmeadow. We're in an office building near the entrance. Walk down the hall and we're on the right .2-1-c-n-j-y
When : Every Sunday afternoon from 3:45 p.m. to 4:45 p.m.
Cost : Free.
Ages : Adults from 18 to 75.
Parking :If you're facing the building ,the car park is on the right of the building .
Teacher : Robert Rivest.
More information ,go to http:// www. robertrivest.com.
If you want to feel like a kid again, try our Laughter Club . You will get used to it in five minutes and begin to laugh for real in ten minutes and sometimes you just can't stop! You'll experience deeper pleasure in half an hour. You'll meet other people who want more fun and laughter. And you will feel so relaxed in about one hour !
Come and join us for laughter and a fun social experience!
The question is: Who can join the laughter Club?    _  .
The possible answers are:
A:Baby
B:Only old men
C:Only teenagers
D:Adults from 18 to 75Henry was a carpenter of our village. Once I asked him to make a dining table for my wife. He made it just the right size to fill the space between the two windows. When I arrived home that evening, Henry was drinking a cup of tea and writing out his bill for his work.. My wife said to me, quietly,"That's his ninth cup of tea today." But she said loudly, "It's a beautiful table,dear,isn't it?" "I won't decide about that until I see that bill." I said.
Henry laughed and gave me his bill for the work. It said:
BILL
One dining table June 10,1995
Cost of wood 17.00
Paint  1.50
Work,8 hours(1 an hour) 8.00
Total  36.50
When I was looking at the bill,Henry said,"It's been a fine day,hasn't it?" " Quite sunny." "Yes,"I said. "I'm glad it is only the 10th of June." "Me too," said Henry, "You wait--it'll be a bit hotter by the end of the month." "Yes. Hotter--and more expensive. Dining tables will be 20 more expensive on June 30th,won't they,Henry?"
Henry looked hard at me for half a minute. There was a little smile in his two blue eyes. I gave his bill back to him. "If it isn't too much trouble,Henry,"I said,"Please add it up again. You can forget the date."
I paid him 26. 50 and he was happy to get it.
The question is: The writer thought Henry would ask for  _  if he made a dining table on the last day of June.
The possible answers are:
A:26.50
B:56. 50
C:46.50
D:20.00All residents: Rules for living in Parkrise Flats
We all want to live comfortably and safely here, so here are a few simple rules which we think all residents should follow.
Rubbish
Rubbish collection is on Tuesdays. Please do not leave rubbish bags out before Tuesday as birds and animals can break into them and they smell.
Washing
There is a washing line for every flat in the garden next to the car park. Please only dry your washing on these lines so it does not disturb people in the ground floor flats.
Cleaning
The main stairs are cleaned twice a week by the Association, so please try to keep them tidy and clean and do not leave furniture or bags on the stairs or in the hallways.
Lights
The main lights are on a timer and they stay on for five minutes whey you press them. Please tell the Association if any lights are not working.
Noise
Residents are asked to keep noise to a minimum. Loud music, etc. can disturb other people and the Association will get in touch with you if you make too much noise.
Safety
Make sure the main outside door is always locked and do not let anyone in to the main building unless you know who they are. Sometimes people try to get in to the main stairs and then break into flats, so do not let people in unless they are coming to see you.
Parking
Each flat has one car parking space. These are numbered and are at the back of the building. Do not use another resident's space. If you have more than one car you will have to park it on the road. Do not park where you are blocking entrances.
Problems
If you have any problems or questions, please call the Association at 0800 096 9000.
Parkrise Housing Association
The question is: According to the text, which of the following is done once a week?
The possible answers are:
A:Rubbish collections.
B:Drying the washing.
C:Cleaning the main stairs.
D:Changing the lights.Are fables and fairy tales  different or the same? They are both stories for children, but fables are stories for adults, too.
Fables are stories which are _ from grandparents to parents and then to children. People can learn much from them. The characters are mostly animals. They can talk and act like humans. The most famous fables were written by a man called Aesop. There are many famous fables in Aesop's Fables. The Lion and the Mouse and The Farmer and the Snake are two examples.
Fairy tales are usually stories for children. They are often about magic characters, for example, fairies and gods. Sometimes the characters are animals. We are able to enjoy these fairy tales because of the famous Brothers Grimm. They tried their best to collect these stories before people forgot. There are many fairy tales in Gimmes Fairy Tales, such as Little Red Riding Hood, Cinderella, The Frog Prince and Snow White.
The question is: What does the passage mainly talk about?
The possible answers are:
A:Famous fables and fairy tales in the world.
B:The ways to collect fairy tales for kids.
C:The reasons why people can read fables.
D:Differences between fables and fairy tales.I entered a university after years of hard study. I thought my life would be full of happiness and knowledge. But my life in the university is not as what I had expected. Then I became lazy and silent, even puzzled  . I don't know what my future would be like.
Four years in the university is only a short period. And a half of it has passed already. This year, many people, such as my parents and my friends, asked me what I wanted to do and they all told me to make a plan for my life with their thought. I don't want to take their advice. I want my own style. So I think carefully.
I have been a young volunteer for five years. It has been a happy time and it is a big thing for me. Then I have a dream to join the University Student Volunteer Go West Program. I think I can be a teacher in the west. I would like to devote my life to helping the children there. I want to make the world a better place for them. To make it come true, I will work harder in the next two years. There is an old saying "Where there is a will, there is a way". I think my dream will come true in the near future.
At last, I want to say to everybody, "Try your best to realize your dreams, no matter how big or small they are. The path to dream may not be smooth and wide. Even there are some difficulties you will face. But hold on to the end, you can find there is no greater happiness than making our dream come true."
The question is: What can we infer  from the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:The writer never listens to parents and friends.
B:The writer became a volunteer before he entered the university.
C:The writer thinks there is no happiness in making his dream come true.
D:The writer wants to go to the west because the world there is better.Do you want to make friends with a special man? Here is some information about him.
He is quiet and shy. He likes to hide his eyes behind his hair. He doesn't smile very often. However, if you talk to him about music, he'll have a lot to say.
This is Jay Chou, the 34-year-old Taiwanese pop king . His fans are so excited because he will have a singing party next month. Many pop stars will come, too.
Chou grew up just with his mother. He did not talk much and did badly in many school subjects.  His mother noticed the boy's special interest in music and sent him to learn piano when he was only three years old. He loved it and kept on practicing.
Chou is not very handsome. He does not speak clearly when he sings or talks. But the singer has a lot of fans. "He is really good at music. It makes him attractive  to me, " said Liu Jiajun, a Junior 2 student in No. 101 Middle School in Beijing.  "He is true to himself. _ , "said Zhang Yujie, a Junior 1 girl at No.23 Middle School in Nanjing, Jiangsu Province.
The question is: How old is Jay Chou now?
The possible answers are:
A:Thirty-one.
B:Thirty-two.
C:Thirty-three.
D:Thirty-four.This boy is Peter Brown . His first name is Peter . His last name is Brown . He is in No.3 Middle School . His school ID card number is 279-4856 . His English teacher is Miss White . Miss White is a good teacher . Jack is his good friend at school . They are in the same school and the same grade . Mrs. Green is Jack's mother . She is an English teacher , too . She is in this school , too . But Peter does not know it .
The question is: Mrs. Green and Jack are   _   .
The possible answers are:
A:mother and daughter
B:father and daughter
C:mother and son
D:father and sonEdith Cavell was born in a little English village. She was a clever; hard-working girl and did well at school; especially in music and French. After she left school; her first job was to take care of the children of a rich family in Belgium . The language they spoke was French; so she found that her school studies were useful. She could understand them easily; at the same time she taught the children to speak English and play the piano.
After hearing that her father was seriously ill; Edith returned home to look after him. She then decided to become a nurse. Afterwards for five years she worked in an English hospital where she proved to be highly professional at her job. A Belgian doctor was so impressed that he invited her to his country to organize a training school for nurses. The First World War   broke out in 1914 and Edith Cavell's school of nursing became a hospital. She stayed there to look after the sick and wounded soldiers  . Edith treated them with kindness. Between November 1914 and August 1915 she secretly helped about 200 wounded soldiers and prisoners   escape from the Germans. Later the German army found out what Edith had done and they arrested her. Finally; the Germans killed her; but they could not _ . A tall statue has been built in Trafalgar Square; London; in honor of the brave English nurse.
The question is: Edith Cavell was from   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:France
B:England
C:Belgium
D:GermanyJamie was born in a small village in the north of England. He is nine years old. He likes playing basketball very much. When he is free, he always plays basketball with his friends in the open air. Sometimes he walks in the forest and picks some flowers by himself.
Last Friday, Jamie finished his homework after the second class in the morning. He hurried to play basketball. The playground was wet. After some time his basketball was dirty and his hands were dirty, too. It was 9: 45 and the third class began. Jamie had no time to wash his hands and ran into his classroom. Mr Black, his English teacher, told Jamie to write some new words on the blackboard. Jamie stood in front of the blackboard and started to write. Mr Black saw his right hand was dirty.
"Oh, dear!" said the teacher. "Your right hand is dirty. I'm sure it's the dirtiest in our class."
"You are wrong, Mr Black," said Jamie. Then he showed his left hand and it was dirtier.
The question is: When did Jamie play basketball last Friday?
The possible answers are:
A:After the first class.
B:After the third class.
C:Between the first class and the second class.
D:Between the second class and the third class.Welcome to your favorite show-"Music Land" ! This month we are going to have some special shows on Bach, the Father of Music.
Johann Sebastian Bach was born in Germany in 1685. During his life, Bach wrote a lot of music for the church   and for his students, but he himself did not keep his own works  carefully. Luckily, his second wife saved them for him, so today we can still remember Bach through his music.
Bach married twice in his life and had 20 children. He loved his family very much. He wrote music for one of his daughters to tell her that too much coffee was bad for her health. I am now going to play a song for you from this interesting Coffee Cantata. And we will hear more about Bach after this song.
The question is: Why is Bach's second wife important to his music?
The possible answers are:
A:She helped Bach keep his works.
B:Many of Bach's works were for her.
C:She gave Bach a lot of good ideas about music.
D:Her money helped Bach write music.Tom arrived at the bus station quite early for Paris bus. The bus for Paris would not leave until five to twelve. He saw a lot of people waiting in the station. Some were standing in line , others were walking around. There was a group of schoolgirls. Their teacher was trying to keep them in line. Tom looked around but there was no place for him to sit.
He walked into the station cafe . he looked up at the clock there. It was only twenty to twelve. He found a seat and sat down before a large mirror  on the wall. Just then, Mike, one of Tom's workmates came in and sat with Tom.
"What time is your bus?" asked Mike.
"There's plenty of time yet," answered Tom.
"Well, I'll get you some more tea then," said Mike.
They talked while drinking. Then Tom looked at the clock again. "Oh! It's going backward !" he cried. "A few minutes ago it was twenty to twelve and now it's half past eleven."
"You're looking at the clock in the mirror." said Mike. Tom was so sad . The next bus was not to leave for another hour. Since then Tom has never liked mirrors.
,.
The question is: From the story we know that when we look at a clock in a mirror, we will find
The possible answers are:
A:the time is right.
B:it's going slower.
C:it's going backward.
D:it's going faster.On New Year's Day, many people eat special food for good luck.
In Spain  and some Latin American countries ,people eat twelve grapes  at midnight  on New Year's Eve--One grape for good luck in each month of the new year.
Chinese people eat dumplings. Some are made with a coin inside. Everyone tries to find the coin for good luck and money in the new year. Of course  they don't eat the coin . In the south of China, people make rice cakes for New Year. The Chinese pronunciation  for rice cake is "Nian Gao", which means "get better year after year".
Japanese people eat noodles on New Year's Eve and on their birthdays. They think it may bring them good luck and long life.
The food may be different in each country, but the meaning is the same---people hope the food will bring them luck and happiness(,) in the coming year.
The question is: What do the writer want to express  in the article ?
The possible answers are:
A:People like to eat
B:Different countries have different food
C:People around the world use food to express their good wishes for the coming year
D:The writer likes to travelWhen I was 14, I decided to make some pocket money by mowing lawns   in summer. I worked hard because that was my first part-time job. After working for one week, Mr Miller said that he had no money for me. Oh, dear! He wouldn't pay for my work! That surprised me greatly. I argued with him, and then I went back home.
My parents told me not to complain about Mr Miller. He was in difficulties. Then my mother call up Mr Miller and they talked about something on the phone. A few days later, my mother asked me to return to Mr Miller's garden, because he was too weak to look after it.
When I came back, Mr Miller said, "Sorry, I have no money, but I can do something for you." He played CD for me. Hearing the beautiful music, I was so interested in it that I forgot the money and did the work with pleasure. At last, Mr Miller gave me a ticket to a concert.
After that, I became very interested in music. And now, I have been a popular musician. I should thank Mr Miller greatly.
The question is: Why did the author argue with Mr Miller?
The possible answers are:
A:Because that was her first part-time job.
B:Because Mr Miller had no time for him.
C:Because she wanted to go home.
D:Because Mr Miller wouldn't pay for her work.Here is a picture of Mr Wang's family. The man in the middle  is Mr Wang, the father. The woman is the mother. They only have a daughter. Her name is Wang Jia. She is 14 years old. She is a good student in Foreign Language School. Her classmates like her very much, and her parents like her very much, too.
The question is: _   is in the middle of the picture.
The possible answers are:
A:Mr Wang
B:Mrs Wang
C:Wang Jia
D:The pictureZach has a stepson, Bradley. One day, Zach drove over to meet Bradley. Bradley was a student in a high school. He neither liked nor disliked Zach, even though he had known Zach for three years. Zach was still trying to get along with Bradley. He told Bradley that he was coming over. Bradley said OK. When Zach got there, he asked if Bradley wanted to drive his car. Bradley had a driver's _ . Bradley said all right. Zach told him not to drive too fast, but he could drive anywhere he wanted. Bradley got on the 210 Road and headed northwest. Zach gave Bradley a few driving tips: Don't drive next to big cars; don't drive behind trucks with goods...
On their way back, Zach suggested that they stop at the golf course . He wanted to show Bradley how to play golf. But Bradley didn't like it; he liked his video games. However, Bradley soon found that playing golf was fun and he did very well. The next day, Bradley, for the first time, called Zach. Bradley asked if Zach would come the next Saturday, so they could take a drive and go to the golf course again. Zach said yes, with a happy feeling in his heart.
The question is: The reason why Zach tried to get along with Bradley is that   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:he didn't know how to spend his time
B:he wanted to improve his relationship with Bradley
C:he wanted to show what he could do well in
D:he wanted to teach Bradley as a fatherA professor began his class by holding up a glass with some water in it. He held it up for all to see and asked the students, " How much do you think this glass weighs?"
"50 grams ! " "100 grams ! " "125 grams ! " the students answered.
"I really don't know unless I weigh it , " said the professor, " but , my question is : What would happen if I held it up like this for a few minutes?"
" Nothing , " the students said.
"OK, what would happen if I held it up like this for an hour?" the professor asked.
"Your arm would begin to ache, " said one of the students.
"You are right, now what would happen if I held it up for a day?"
"Your arm could go numb  , and you might have to go to hospital, " another student said.
"Very good ! But during all this, did the weight of the glass change?" asked the professor.
"NO"
"Then what made the arm ache and the muscle( ) stress?"
The students were puzzled.
" Put the glass down" said one of the students.
"Exactly ! " said the professor. " Life's problems are something like this. Hold them for minutes in your head and they seem OK. Think of them for a long time and they begin to ache. Hold them even longer and they begin to trouble you. You will not be able to do anything. It's important to think of the problems in your life, but even more important to ' put them down' at the end of every day before you go to sleep. That way, you are not stressed; you wake up every day fresh and strong and can handle any issue, any challenge that comes your way ! "
,.
The question is: Why did the professor hold the glass?
The possible answers are:
A:Because he wanted to show life was always hard.
B:Because he wanted to offer some drinks to others.
C:Because he wanted to know the weight of the glass.
D:Because he wanted to explain something about life.My mother was telling me about how she and her family got their first television when she was a teenager. Of course, it was black and white. She said she only watched it at night.
When I was young, we had only about 3 or 4 different channels. My brothers, my sisters and I would sometimes fight about which channel to watch. But we usually enjoyed the same shows.
Nowadays, we can get hundreds of channels on TV. There are channels with old movies, cooking, fishing and so on. It's amazing! I wonder how much my brothers, my sisters and I would fight if we had hundreds of channels when I was a child. Of course, we had only one television set.
These days I notice families with 2 or 3 or more television sets in their homes. I guess it stops
People from arguing over which channel to choose.
The question is: Which of the following is NOT true?
The possible answers are:
A:My brothers, my sisters and I would sometimes fight about which channel to watch when I was a child.
B:These days, there is only one channel with old movies, cooking and fishing.
C:People have many channels to choose from now.
D:These days some families have 2 or 3 or more television sets in their homes.It was May 5. It was Mary's birthday. She came home, and saw a card on the table. It said, "There's a present for you, Mary. Go and look for it in your room." Mary ran to her room. Her parents were watching her. They were smiling. On her bed she saw a new red box. She thought, "What's in the box?" She opened it. There was nothing but a card in it. Mary took it out and read.
"Dear Mary, I'm your present. My first letter is in the word 'book', but not in 'look'. My second letter is in 'ink', but not in 'thank'. You can find my third letter in both 'ink' and 'book'. And my last letter is in 'she', but not in 'ship'. What am I?"
Mary thought hard. B-I-K-E! She smiled and said, "Aha, I know, Mom. But where is it?" Her mother said, "Look at the back of the card." Mary turned it over and read, "Come and look for me in the garden."
Mary hurried to the garden. There under a big tree she found her present--a nice new bike!
"Happy birthday, Mary!" her parents said.
"Thank you, Mom and Dad."
The question is: Mary's birthday was on  _
The possible answers are:
A:March the fifteenth
B:May the fifth
C:March the fifth
D:May the fifteenthMrs White was going to have her first baby very soon. Yesterday her husband took her to a hospital.So Mr White helped her get into car and drove her there. A nurse  took Mrs White to her room and told Mr White that he could go home and she could call him when the baby arrived . But Mr White said he liked to wait at the hospital. The nurse said ."You may wait outside." Mr White was walking up and down at about midnight when the nurse came out of the room and said with a smile."Which would you like better, a boy or a girl?""A girl," said Mr White."I have an elder sister,and she loves me.""Well,"said the nurse,""it's a boy this time.""That's all right,"said Mr White happily,"That's my second choice."
The question is: Which of the following is NOT wrong?
The possible answers are:
A:Mr White didn't like to have wrong.
B:Mrs White told Mr White that they had a baby.
C:Mr White was very happy that he had a baby.
D:Mr White went to the hospital by bus.Do you ever find yourself getting really unhappy for almost no reason? Or suddenly feeling down without knowing why? But why is the feeling so common among teens?
Maybe you're starting a new school and not able to see old friends. Getting good grades or wanting to be better in sports or other activities can be a concern  for many teens.
Being accepted by friends is important. Teens also may notice, for the first time, a sense of distance from parents and family. You may feel you want to be on your own and make your own decisions, but it can also seem a bit lonely at times.
Another important cause for mood changes is biology. When puberty   begins, the body starts producing hormones   . These hormones cause physical changes in the body. But at the same time, they also seem to cause mood changes.
Here are some things you can do that might make those bad moods a bit easier to deal with.
*  Remember you're not alone. Although not every teen experiences mood changes to the
same degree, they are common.
*  Talk to people you trust, Friends can help each other by realizing that they're not alone
in their feelings. Talking to parents is important, too. Parents can share their own
experiences dealing with bad moods. Teachers are often good resources and a doctor can
help to answer questions about development.
*  Get enough sleep, Though it can be hard to find enough time, getting enough rest is very
important. Being tired can lead to more sadness.
*  Create. Taking part in some kinds of activities, like building something out of wood, or
starting an art or music piece.
The question is: _  may not make some teens be in bad moods.
The possible answers are:
A:Study pressure
B:Missing old friends
C:The sense of distance from parents
D:Getting good gradesLearn to relax. Overwork is the main reason why so many students feel tired and stressed . Cut down some of the jobs you need to do each day so that you can only focus on the most important things. Leave time for activities that are relaxing and fun. This might mean reading a good book, listening to the music, going for a walk or taking a relaxing bath.
Get a good night's sleep. Getting enough sleep will help you keep your body and mind in the best form. If you stay up late and need to get up early for school the next day, you may not be able to concentrate on the things you need to do.
Exercise regularly and eat well. Don't rush through your meals. Eat less junk food or fast food. Eat healthy food instead.
Get to know pleasant people. Some people are _ , while others not. Choose optimistic people as your friends and spend more time with them and you'll be as happy as them.
Learn to be calm when you face any problem. Find out the best option from those that are in your mind. Knowing that you are able to solve problems is a good way to build up your self-confidence .
Have a happy attitude . Your attitude decides the way you see things. Is your cup half full or half empty? Learn to think more positively about the difficulties you face.
The question is: To be away from worries, which point is not mentioned in this article?
The possible answers are:
A:Going to a psychologist for help.
B:Finding time to do the favorite things.
C:Making sure which things are the most important and which people can make us relaxed and happy.
D:Having an active attitude towards life.This March, the H7N9 virus hit Shanghai, Jiangsu, Anhui, Zhejiang and so on. It seemed that most people who were infected with H7N9 had the common flu, Some people suffered from a fever or a cough..
Don't be afraid ----- it's not easy to be infected with the virus. Here are some suggestions to help you protect yourself when it comes.
Wash your hands. You need to wash your hands with soap and hot water before you eat, after you use the toilet, and after you touch animals, because your hands may carry viruses.
Cover your nose and mouth.. When someone sneezes or coughs, flu viruses can travel as far as one meter through the air, so you'd better stand a proper distance while talking to someone who has a cold. And always cover your mouth and nose with a piece of paper when you sneeze or cough, and then clean your hands.
Wear a mask. Some doctors say that masks can stop the flu as much as 80%, but if you don't wash your hands often, it's no use wearing a mask. And it's necessary to wear the mask in the groups of people.
Do sports often. Exercises will help make your body strong enough to
the virus.
The question is: How many ways to stop the virus are mentioned in the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:Three
B:Four
C:Five
D:six.Everyone dreams of changing the world. But can teenagers really make a difference? And how can they go about it?
Michael Norton's book 365 Ways to Change the World is a good starting point. The book gives an idea or task for every single day of the year. The tasks include offering to work at a local homeless shelter   and planting a tree.
The book says that one simple act, no matter how small, can help someone in need. It may even influence   other teens to do something.
Nathan Anthony, a student at Maple High School in Modesto, California, US, agrees. "It is impossible to get anything in life without giving something to someone or working hard at school or workplace," Anthony said.
Another Maple student, Ariane Mota, has the same idea." Giving is our way of repaying those who help us," she said." Whether it is a helping hand or a donation, we should help others to make their day or life better."
But how often do teens see peers   helping a stranger or doing something nice for someone?
According to Anthony, not a lot. He and Mota both believe this needs to be changed.
"I help my friends by telling them that their lives are better than those poorer people," Anthony said." Humor is also a great tool."
So whether you're helping to find a cure   for bad illness or simply smiling at a stranger, do something every day to help change the world for the better.
The question is: How often does the passage tell us to do something to change the world better?
The possible answers are:
A:Once a year
B:Every day
C:Once a week
D:Twice a dayAnny was a five-year-old girl. One day when she and her mother were in a department store , Anny saw a plastic pearl necklace  . What a beautiful necklace! She wanted it very much, so she begged her mother to buy it for her. The mother said, "Well, I can buy you the necklace, but when we get home, we should discuss what you can do to pay for it. Can we do that?" Anny agreed with much happiness, and she got the necklace.
How much Anny loved the necklace! She wore it everywhere and every minute. Anny also did part - time jobs to make pocket money. She worked very hard. Soon she succeeded in paying off the price for the necklace.
Anny's daddy knew how she tried her best to get the necklace. He also knew how much Anny cared about it. One night, he asked Anny if she loved him. "Sure, Daddy." the little girl said. "Then how about giving me your necklace?" "Oh, no, Daddy! Not my necklace!" Anny cried. "Oh, dear, it's fine." her father gave her a kiss.
Several days later, Anny went to her daddy, with her lips  trembling . "Here, Daddy. I love you." She held out her hand. Inside it was the plastic pearl necklace that she loved so much.
When he saw this, Anny's father smiled with surprise. He then pulled a cute box out of his pocket. Inside the box was a real and colourful pearl necklace, which was waiting for Anny for so long.
The question is: Why did Anny's mother ask Anny to pay for the necklace herself? Because   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:she didn't have enough money
B:she wanted to buy her a real pearl necklace
C:she thought it was not right for little kids to wear a necklace
D:she wanted Anny to know that one should buy and pay for oneselfThe days are getting shorter and shorter, and temperatures are dropping. Winter is coming and it is easy for people to catch flu. Many people have started taking vitamin C pills as a precautionary way. But a research has shown that vitamin C pills do not provide as much protection as they think. They are even not as good as other ways, like often washing your hands. Some German scientists have given people information and a test on the subject helping to stop incorrect ways.
Whether it is caused by cold or flu , a runny nose and sore throat are signs of catching a cold. Many people overestimate  the advantages of vitamin C and other pills. For years it was believed that taking vitamin C pills not only provided protection against colds but also against cancers, helping people to live longer. But the result of the research showed disagreement on these beliefs . The result has now come out on the website wwww.informedhealthonline.org. "Some pills may not help people live longer. Some pills may even lead to earlier death," says Professor Peter Sawicki. Scientists also say that the best way to get vitamins is through food instead of having vitamin pills. That is to say, we disagree with the way of taking vitamin C pills.
There are many simple but useful ways to lower the risk of catching a cold. These include often washing your hands with normal soap  and water and not touching your face with your hands. People who have already had a cold can stop it from spreading by throwing away tissues  at once after using them and not shaking hands with other people.
The question is: A runny nose and sore throat mean someone   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:will catch a cold in a few days
B:would never catch a cold
C:has caught a cold
D:would never spread colds to othersIn 1638, John Harvard donated some money and about four hundred books to a new university. This was the beginning of the library at Harvard University. The gift was so important that the university was named for John Harvard.
Thomas Bray began the first free lending library in the late 1600s. He set up more than 30 or these libraries in the American colonies. However, the idea for this kind of free library ended when Bray died in 1730. In 1731, Benjamin Franklin and some friends started the first subscription library in the United States. In a subscription library people pay money to become members, but they may _ the books without paying again.
In the United States, every child had a free education. This idea soon led to free libraries. One of the first libraries that used tax money to buy books was a library in Peterborough, New Hampshire. This library was set up in 1833.
The question is: The reading does not say it, but we can guess that  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:there were free schools in the United States before there were free libraries
B:free schools and free libraries in the United States began at about the same time
C:the library in New Hampshire also had a free school in it
D:there were free libraries in the United States before there were free schoolsJudie is a good student. She usually gets up at half past six in the morning. She does morning exercises   for half an hour. Then she reads English from 7:00 a. m. to 7:30 a. m. She has breakfast at home. She goes to school at 7:45 a. m. She has four classes in the morning. She usually has lunch at school, but on Sundays she has lunch at home with her family. She has three classes in the afternoon. She goes home at 5:00 p.m. She usually has dinner at about 6:00 p.m. Then she does her homework from 7:00 p.m. to 9:00 p.m. She doesn't like watching TV in the evening.
The question is: What time does Judie usually get up?
The possible answers are:
A:At 6:00 a. m.
B:At 6:30 a. m.
C:At 7:00 a. m.
D:At 7:15 a. m.I Have to See Another Doctor
Mr. Clarke lives at the foot of the mountain. He keeps the forest for a rich farmer there. The only road to the forest is just in front of his house. He can easily see the people who want to enter the forest. Sometimes he has to be on duty at night. When he hears some sound, he has to get up to see if someone cuts the trees.
One day he bought something in the town. He found a strong dog and bought it. He loves it very much and often gives some meat or bread to it. And when a strange man walks close to his house, it barks  loudly. So he can soon know about it and goes out to find out who it is. But last week something was wrong with Mr. Clarke. He didn't feel well and couldn't fall asleep in the evening. He had to go to a hospital in the town. The doctor looked him over and then asked, "Have you got a dog, sir "
"Yes, I have got one."
"You have got a skin disease ," said the doctor. "I am sure your dog infected  it to you. You can't come in touch  with it any longer."
When he came out of the hospital, he met a friend and told him about it. The man asked, "What are you going to do, to sell your dog or to give it to another man "
"Neither," answered Mr. Clarke, "I have decided to see another doctor. It's much easier to find a doctor than to buy a good dog!"
The question is: The doctor told him to   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:buy another dog
B:throw the dog away
C:take the dog to the hospital
D:buy some medicine for his dogOne day an Indian went to see his doctor. The doctor looked him over and said, "Medicine won't help you. You must have a good rest. Go to a quiet country place for a month, go to bed early, drink milk, walk a lot, and smoke only one cigar  a day."
A month later, the Indian came to see the doctor again. "How are you?" said the doctor. "I'm glad to see you again. You look much younger." "Oh, doctor, I feel quite well now," said the Indian, "I had a good rest. I went to bed early. I drank a lot of milk. I walked a lot. You certainly helped me. But you told me to smoke one cigar a day, and that almost  killed me at first. It was not easy to begin smoking at my age."
The question is: His doctor  _  .          .
The possible answers are:
A:could not help him
B:told him what to do
C:was good to him
D:was glad to see himWhat will you do when you have something difficult to do? I used to ask my mother for help. But she always said, "Do it yourself, dear." or "God helps those who help themselves , girl." I was not glad at all. I thought she was the laziest mother in the world.
For example, one day, I decided to invite some friends to my home. My bedroom was not in order. Books were everywhere. And I didn't make the bed. I asked my mother to help me to clean it, but she still said, "Do it yourself, girl."
Because of my"lazy mother", I have to wash my clothes and clean my room. I have to help my parents do some housework. I even have to go to the dentist by myself. It is really hard for me to do everything well, but I have learned a lot.
As time goes by, I come to understand my mother. She makes me clever and active! What a great mother!
The question is: The writer used to  _  when she had something difficult to do.
The possible answers are:
A:give up
B:be nervous
C:ask her friends for help
D:ask her mother for helpMost students in China have their own school rules. So do the schools in other countries.
Japan: Most schools demand  that students wear uniforms, such as sports suits or skirts. They also demand that girls' white socks be folded in a certain way and boys' heads be shaved 
Other Japanese schools tell students that they may not date, go to movies, leave home after sunset or play video games without permission from school.
USA: For safety at home USA schools, students must have a pair of indoor shoes to change into at school every day. This makes sure students won't fall over on the slippery floors and keeps the schools clean. Gum chewing is not allowed in many USA school buildings, as it is difficult to clean up. And if students chew gum in class, they may not focus on study.
UK: Strange hairstyles are not allowed in some British schools. But they might allow students to wear certain hairstyles during the World Cup years. Two students had a special design shaved into their hair during 2002 World Cup. But they were not accepted by their school after that because the school said the rules changed since then.
The question is: Many Japanese students have to follow the following rules EXCEPT_.
The possible answers are:
A:wear uniform
B:boys' heads should be shaved
C:wear indoor shoes at school
D:can't leave home after sunsetLook at the photo. The two girls have big blue eyes and long brown hair. They are ten. They are in the same class. The one in a yellow skirt is Lily. The other one in an orange skirt is Lucy. Bob is their   brother  . He is in a blue cap. He is a high school student. Their dad is Mr. White. He is in a brown coat. Their mom is Mrs. White. She is in black shoes. Look!Lucy and Lily are in the green car.
.
The question is: Mr. White is   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:in black shoes
B:in a blue cap
C:in a brown coat
D:in the green carAre you the only child in the family? If so, you are the most important in your family.
Parents are the closest people to you in the world. But a lot of middle school students have a problem. They feel they are not as close to their parents as before. They even don't think their parents are fair   to them.
Some students complain that their parents often say a lot to them, but never listen to them. Some say their parents don't allow them to play computer games when other people are doing it. Others say when they are making phone calls to friends, their parents like to ask if they're speaking to a boy or a girl. These make them very unhappy. Some students even decided to leave home because they're afraid to tell their parents when they have done something wrong, particularly  when they do badly in exams. Then they usually think running away is the only choice . But they don't know running away may bring them some more problems. Problems are parts of life. Here are some suggestions for you to solve your problems.
*Find a good chance to talk with your parents. Don't be afraid to tell them your feeling.
*Keep a diary to help you understand more about yourself and your feeling.
*Get help from others like good friends or teachers.
*Show your parents you are growing up. Then they will feel you are no longer a small child.
If you follow the advice, you will have a happy life and never think of running away.2*1*c*n*j*y
The question is: The article is about some middle school students'   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:friends
B:hobbies
C:parents
D:problemsTraveling by train is usually not easy in China. It can be hard to get a ticket. When you're traveling to the railway station, you look at your watch, for you are afraid you will miss your train.
But there is good news for people traveling between Beijing and Shanghai. Construction   on the express railway   between the two cities started just before the Spring Festival of 2008. When it is finished by 2013, taking a train will be as easy as taking a bus.
"There will be trains every several minutes. Buying a ticket, getting through the checkpoint   and taking your seat, will take just 10 minutes," said an engineer.
There may be high-speed trains running at 350 kilometers an hour. The travel time between the two cities will _ from 10 to about 5 hours. The trains will carry twice the present number of passengers.
The new line will be 1,318 kilometers long and go across specially built bridges. It will run along side the present line. There will be 21 stations in Hebei, Tianjin, Shandong, Anhui and Jiangsu.
"The cost of traveling by the express railway may be around 800 yuan. That will be more expensive than an ordinary train, but cheaper than by air." Said Zhang Xiaoling, a Jiangsu government official.
According to Zhang, the higher price is caused by the large cost of the railway project. At about 200 billion yuan, the project may be even more expensive than the Three Gorges Project  .
The question is: What can be the best title of the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:An enormous project.
B:Train tickets will get more expensive
C:Specially built bridges
D:Beijing--Shanghai express railwayMany scientists find that colours can change people's feelings. It's very interesting. Some colours can make people feel relaxed,and some colours can make people feel nervous. Now,this kind of knowledge is being used in many places. For example, school walls are always painted green because green makes students feel relaxed. It is also good for the students' eyes. Some books are also green or light blue for the same reason. Restaurant owners not only have to know how to make food,but also have to know how to make money. Here are some things they've learned from scientific studies. The colour red makes people hungry. Many fast food restaurants have red furniture or walls. Soft colours like pink and light blue make people feel relaxed,so they spend more time eating. Loud music may be nice at first,but it soon makes people want to leave. Hard seats also make customers want to eat quickly and leave. Many restaurants,especially fast food restaurants,use this knowledge to make customers eat faster.
The question is: What's the best title for this passage?
The possible answers are:
A:Colour and restaurant.
B:Use colour to make money.
C:Colour and science.
D:Use colour to change feelings.While I was running slowly one morning, I saw my friend's father sitting alone on the roadside bench. So I crossed the road to wish him a good morning.
As I came over to him, he was very happy to see me. He said it was nice of me to come and chat with him. Then he said to me in a low and sad voice: "At this stage of my life, it feels very lonely here. Anybody sharing a few heartfelt moments would mean a lot to me. "
I was completely shocked by what he said, and I wondered: What could be that little thing that I can do to make his life different?
I knew he was a painter, so I started to ask him about his latest painting experiences. Painting is a passionate   topic for him, and he started to talk with me about it. I asked him, "Can you teach me to paint?"
He was surprised at first and then agreed instantly.
Now, every other day, I go to learn how to paint from him. We paint a lot and talk a lot. He says he feels better, and he waits for me. I say I feel better. After all, I am the one getting so much wisdom from a man who is nearing the horizon of his life with so much experience!
The question is: What was the friend's father doing when the writer saw him?
The possible answers are:
A:He was doing sports.
B:He was sitting alone.
C:He was waiting for the writer.
D:He was painting.The big red American car was much too wide for an English country road. When Jack saw it coming toward him, he stopped his own car at the side of the road to make room for it to pass. The American car went slowly past, so close that he could see the driver's face quite clearly.
"Where have I seen that face before?" he thought. "Wait a minute! I remember now. It was in the newspaper!" He took out the newspaper from his bag, turned quickly to the middle page. There was a picture of his face in it. Yes, it had a large mouth and small ears, and his eyes were behind dark glasses.
"Wanted by the police," read by Jack. "The City Bank will give a lot of money to anyone who helps the police to catch this man."
"Call the police at once", he said to himself. But a few minutes later, he was sad. "This man was caught this morning", answered the police.
The question is: What did Jack do when he had read the newspaper again?
The possible answers are:
A:He drove to the City Bank.
B:He drove to the police.
C:He made a telephone call.
D:He stopped the American car.Five-year-old Susie loved to listen to her older sister, Emma, play the piano. Susie wanted to play it, too. But every time Susie asked to play, her mother would tell her how much work it needed to learn to play the piano well. Susie was sure she could learn to play it. She decided to make her mother believe that she was ready to learn to play the piano, so Susie helped her mom do the dishes and clean the house.
"Mom, can I start taking the piano lesson?" asked Susie.
"Susie, if you take the piano lesson, you must practice every day," said her mom.
Susie was so excited. She could not wait to learn how to play her favorite songs!
Susie was excited for her first piano lesson. When she was finally in class, she was surprised: her teacher had flashcards and a book for her. Susie didn't know there were so many other things to know about the piano first. During that first lesson, the teacher didn't let Susie play the piano.
The next day, after Susie got home from school, she ran outside.
"Where are you going?" asked her mom.
"Outside to play volleyball," said Susie. "Bye, Mom!"
"You must study your piano flashcards," said her mom. "Susie, this is what you wanted, now you have to do it."
The question is: Mom didn't let Susie learn to play the piano at first, because Mom thought playing the piano   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:cost a lot of money
B:needed a lot of practice
C:was difficult for a five-year-old girl
D:would make Susie have no time to studyNew Zealand is beautiful no matter what time of the year or season you visit. The best time to visit New Zealand is the time that suits you best. The weather in New Zealand is fine all year round. However, if you have more than one date in mind, the following information may help with your travel plans.
The warmest months of the year are from September to April. December, January and February are the three hottest months of the year. It is summer. The long summer days are wonderful for water sports.
Spring is from September to November. It can be hot, warm or cool. The weather is quite different. That depends on the places you visit. You can travel to Alexandra in Central Otago and Hastings in Hawk's Bay.
Autumn is from March to May. It is a pleasant season in New Zealand. The temperature is a few degrees lower than that of summer.
The winter season runs from June to August. The mountainous areas are covered with snow during winter and there is a little rainfall in some places. This is a good time for skiing.
The question is: What is the weather in spring in New Zealand like?
The possible answers are:
A:It is very hot.
B:It is pretty cool.
C:It is hot but wet in spring.
D:It's different in different places.Earthquakes happen without warning .They can happen any time of a day,at any point during the year.But don't worry because most are so weak that they cannot be felt. Only a few big ones hurt people. However,it's important to know what to do when an earthquake is happening.
Do NOT go outside.You could get injured from falling glass or parts of buildings.If you are outside,stay away from buildings and power lines  .
Stay under a desk,table,or other strong furniture .Hold on to it.Or stay in a corner of the building.Cover your face and head with your arms and cover your mouth with a towel  or clothing.Stay inside until shaking stops and it is safe to go outside.
Keep away from windows,pictures or advertisements on the wall or the building,and anything else that could fall and hurt you.Most people get injured by falling things during an earthquake,not by the shaking itself.
Also keep away from a fire.You could fall down and burn yourself on the fire.
If you are driving when an earthquake happens,stop the car if it's safe.Stay inside your car until the earthquake stops,and don't drive near bridges. Try not to stop by power lines or trees.These could fall and hurt you.
The question is: From the passage,when an earthquake is happening,we should.
The possible answers are:
A:stay under a big building
B:stay under a strong furniture
C:stand by windows
D:drive near a big bridgeEscaping   from a fire is a serious matter. Knowing what to do during a fire can save a life. It is important to know the ways you can use and show them to everyone in the family, for example, you can use stairways, roofs and fire escapes, but no lifts.
From the lower floors of buildings, to escape through windows is possible. Learn the best way of leaving by a window with the least chance of serious injury.
The second floor window is usually not very high from the ground. An average   person, hanging from the window by the fingertips will have a drop of about six feet to the ground--about the height of an average man. Of course, _ 
Windows are also useful while you are waiting for help. Be sure to keep the door closed, before opening the window. Otherwise, smoke and fire may be drawn into the room. Keep your head low next to the window to be sure you get fresh air.
On the second or third floor, the best windows to escape from are those which open onto a roof   . From the roof a person can drop to the ground more safely.
The question is: According to the passage, windows are   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:of no use when a fire breaks out
B:useful in putting out a fire
C:the only way of escaping a fire
D:one of the possible ways of escaping a fireJust then the police radio says there was a robbery  in a supermarket nearby. The police told Mr. Brown to stay there and they would be back soon. Then the police ran to the supermarket.
Mr. Brown didn't wait but drove home. When he got home, he was tired and went to bed. Mrs. Brown found a police car in front of their house and the lights were still on.
.
The question is: Mr. Brown went home   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:on foot
B:by car
C:in his friend's car
D:by taxiBicycle tour and race
A bike tour and race will be held on August 26th and 27th(Sat. &Sun. ) at 5:30 a. m. The riders will leave Tian'an Men Square and ride the first 35 kilometers as a training leg . Then the next 55 kilometers' leg, from Yanjiao to Jixian, will be the first competitive  part of the tour. The riders and their bikes will then be taken from Jixian to Changli.
The second racing leg of the tour will be from Changli to the seaside of Nandaihe, covering a distance of 20 kilometers. Saturday night includes the stay at Nandaihe and supper. Sunday morning is free for the seaside. At noon all the people and their bikes will be taken back to Beijing.
Cost: 200 yuan; Telephone: 4675027
Brazilian  footballers
The Brazilian Football Club play with Beijjing Guo'an Team at the Workers Stadium On August 26th. The club has four nation team players. Also coming is 1994 US World Cup star Ronario who has promised to play for at least 45 minutes.
Ticket Prices: 60/100/150 yuan
Time/date: 4: 30 p. m. August 26th(Sat. ); Telephone: 5012372
Rock climbing
The third National Rock Climbing Competition will be held on August 26th and 27that the Huairou Mountain--climbing Training Base. More than 10 teams from Beijing, Wuhan, Dalian, Jilin and other places will take part in it. A Japanese team will give an exhibition climbing. Free for audience.
Take a long-distance bus from Dongzhimen to Huairou.
Time/Date: 9~12 am, August 26th and 27th;  Telephone: 7143177, 7144850 Wang Zhenghua
The question is: If you want to do something on Saturday afternoon, which telephone number will you call?
The possible answers are:
A:7144850
B:7143177
C:4675027
D:5012372My sister has a nice room, There is   a bed near  (......) the desk. A bookcase is between  (......) the bed and the desk. There is a jacket and a ring on the bed. A baseball is under the bed. There is a chair under the desk. There is a computer on the desk. Her hat and keys are under the chair. Her schoolbag is on the chair. Some books and CDs are in the bookcase.
She has a photo on the wall. You can see some plants   in the photo. Our family photo is on the wall , too. You can see my father, my mother, my sister and me in the photo. It is a nice photo.
The question is: What are on the wall?
The possible answers are:
A:Some plants.
B:Some photos.
C:Some people.
D:Some CDs.Little Smart or Xiaolingtong is becoming more and more popular in China. But you can use it only in your city. If you go to another city, it will have no use. It looks like a mobile phone, but the service( )is quite cheap. We only need to pay about 20 yuan a month for the line and about 0.1 yuan each minute for the talk. What's more, you don't have to pay any money when someone else calls you.
But little Smart is not really so smart. Users often complain about( ) its bad voice. " I can't make or get a phone call when I am on a bus," a person in Hangzhou said. Scientists are trying their best to make Little Smart smarter. And the latest Little Smart even has a color screen.
The question is: If someone calls you by your Little Smart, you should pay  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:20 yaun
B:0.1 yuan
C:0.1 youan a minute
D:nothingOne day a rich boy bought a magic mirror  . When he got home, he looked in the mirror. His face looked sad. He tried to smile and make funny faces, his face looked still sad. Then he did many happy things, but his face always looked sad. "Oh, what a terrible mirror! It doesn't work! " he said angrily. The next day on his way to buy some chocolate, he saw a little girl crying sadly. The rich boy went up to her and asked what happened. The little girl said she couldn't find her parents.
"Don't worry. I'll help you," the rich boy said. So they went to look for them together. Finally they found her parents. They were so thankful for his help. After the rich boy arrived home, he looked in the mirror as usual. To his surprise, his face looked very happy. The boy understood the magic of the mirror. The mirror could show the true feelings of its owner. This was true--the rich boy helped that little girl, so he felt really happy.
, .
The question is: What did the rich boy buy one day?
The possible answers are:
A:A magic mirror.
B:A normal mirror.
C:A small mirror.
D:A magic book.Almost nothing we do in this world is done in isolation*. At work or at play, you'll find yourself in groups, working with other people: your team at work, a meeting with fellow workers, your family, a holiday with friends, a group of students working together, a group of neighbors wanting to make changes. It is now realized that being able to work successfully with other people is one of the main keys to success, partly because we need to do it so often.
In almost every situation where you're in a group, you will need a skilled leader. All groups need leaders and all successful groups have good leaders. Groups without leaders or with weak leaders almost always break down. Members of a leaderless group often begin to feel disappointed and helpless. Time is wasted and the tasks are not achieved. There are often arguments and nervousness between people as there is nobody to keep the goals clear.
Some people are natural leaders. The well-known cook, Antonio Carlucci says, "True leaders are born and you see them in kitchens." They're people who are strong, fair, and humorous. Although a lot of people agree that there are some natural-born leaders, most people now know that leadership can also be taught. Experienced teachers can train almost anyone how to be a successful leader. Good leaders don't make people do things in a controlling way. You can learn how to join others, encouraging the whole group to work towards a common goal.
Successful leaders also need to be calm and wise. They need to be able to work out good solutions and make perfect judgments* under pressure. Lastly, and probably most importantly, good leaders need to be sensitive*, confident and be able to get on well with different kinds of people.
The question is: Which of the following can be the best title for this passage?
The possible answers are:
A:How to be successful leaders
B:Successful leaders
C:Be natural leaders
D:Be sensitive and confidentJack is 10 years old, and I am his pencil. I'm Jack's helper .
Jack's pencil box is my home. I have some friends here. They are seven crayons, a ruler, a pencil-sharpener and an eraser. Because Jack loves me, I'm the king  in the pencil box. My friends and I are happy every day.
Today, I am not happy because a pen comes in. It's new and nice. It's a music pen. It can write and sing. But I'm old and I can only help Jack to write. Jack likes it very much! The new pen is his helper now. It's the new king. What can I do now? Shall I go to a new home?
The question is: Who is the king now?
The possible answers are:
A:The pencil.
B:The pen.
C:Jack.
D:The pencil box.One day, a physically-deformed man came to our college and on his back was a notice saying, "Free shoe repairing for college students".
Repairing shoes for free? Most of us didn't believe it, and some even thought that it was just a device  to the students who would have to pay for shoes once they had been repaired. But the man just smiled and said, "Save your money to buy some books." These words really surprised me and I talked with him, "You need to make a living. Why do you repair shoes for us for free?" He answered, while keeping on working, "I'm an illiterate , but I know how important knowledge is for everyone. So I'd like to serve the students like you. I hope you can do well in your studies. In my opinion, money isn't everything in life."
After the chat, I felt he was great compared with me. He, a physically-deformed man who couldn't walk without a wheelchair, still tried his best to devote  himself to society. I would like to thank him because he gave me a new direction in my life, and taught me what the true value of life is.
,.
The question is: What does the writer think of the physically-deformed man?
The possible answers are:
A:He is hard-working.
B:He is brave.
C:He is great.
D:He is healthy.May 2, Saturday
We arrived in Hangzhou at 3:00p.m. After we walked out of the train station, we took a taxi to the hotel. The hotel was very clean. We stayed there for three days. Then we wanted to travel to Hainan.
May 5, Tuesday
In the morning we went to Hainan by plane. The people in Hainan were very friendly. Then we went to a beautiful beach. It was sunny. So we had great fun playing in the water.
May 7, Thursday
It was rainy today. So we went to a museum. We saw many old things there. Then we went to the aquarium  to see some sea animals. We saw many kinds of fish. They were very lovely. I hope I could come to Hainan again.
The question is: It was  _   on May 7.
The possible answers are:
A:sunny
B:hot
C:rainy
D:windyA smuggler  drove to the border. When a soldier looked in the truck, he was surprised to find six big bags.
"What's in them?" the soldier asked.
"Dirt," the smuggler answered.
"Take them out," the soldier said. "I want to check them."
The smuggler opened the bags, and sure enough, each one of them was filled with dirt. So the soldier let him go.
A week later, the smuggler came back, and once again, the soldier looked in the truck.
"What's in the bags this time?" he asked.
"Dirt, more dirt," said the smuggler.
Not believing him, the soldier checked the bags and, once again, he found nothing but dirt.
The same thing happened every week for six months, and the soldier finally became so frustrated  that he left and worked as a waiter in a restaurant. Then one night, the smuggler went to the restaurant and had a drink. The waiter saw him and said, "Listen! Drinks are free tonight if you tell me what you were smuggling all that time."
Slowly, the smuggler got close to the waiter and said, "Trucks."
The question is: Where is the passage probably taken from?
The possible answers are:
A:An advertising book.
B:A poster.
C:A fashion magazine.
D:A joke book.Liu Yingying is a student at No. 17 Middle School in Shanghai. She is 14 years old. She likes English and she often   reads English books at home. She can speak English well and write many English words. She likes speaking English with her classmates and teachers at school. Her teachers like her. Liu Yingying likes music and she can play the piano. She often practises   it at home in the morning.
Liu Yingying has a happy family. Her father is a worker in a car factory and her mother is a hotel manager. Her father likes sports . His favourite sport is table tennis. Her mother likes sports, too. But she likes swimming. What about Liu Yingying? She likes playing tennis.
The question is: How old is Liu Yingying?
The possible answers are:
A:She is ten.
B:She is twelve.
C:She is thirteen.
D:She is fourteen.Where in the world can you take an hour's train ride, and pass a forest, a London street, a scene from the Wild West, and a burning building that never burns down? There's only one place, and that's Hollywood, in California. The scenes you see from the tourist train are film sets  in the Universal Studios, one of the oldest and largest movie companies  in the USA.
A visit to Universal Studios brings back memories of great days of Hollywood, the films and the stars. But they are only memories. Hollywood isn't quite the same as it used to be. Costs have gone up and confidence has gone down. Movie-makers are afraid to spend their money on expensive new ideas. Instead, they repeat old ones.
The film industry is changing fast. Teenagers still go out to the movies. The theatre is a good place to meet friends away from home. But older people mostly stay home to watch series, like Dynasty have become as important to Hollywood as expensive movies. These "soap opera", as they are called, show rich, powerful families living in beautiful homes and wearing beautiful clothes. But the actors and actresses are nearly all middle-aged, like many of the people who watch them.
Though it is soap operas that are keeping the film-makers of Hollywood in Business, big films are still being made in America. But more and more of them are made outside Hollywood.   New York is the most important new center, but there are many others as well. Movie-makers have realized that they don't need Hollywood any more. Modern cameras and real houses instead of expensively made copies in a studio. Other states, especially Florida and Texas, are working hard to take the film business away from California. They are offering better working conditions and lower cost.
But Hollywood is fighting back. The state of California is trying hard to keep its best-known industry.
The question is: From the passage, we know Universal Studios is   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:a very large park
B:a busy London street
C:a famous movie company
D:an old Hollywood movieA men went into a shop to buy a parrot.There were three parrots in the shop.One was $1000; another one, $2000; and the third one, $3000. The man asked the owner, "Is this brid really $1000?That's so expensive for this kind of parrot."The owner said, "Because I have trained him and he can talk." Then the man asked him, "How about this one?What can he do that makes him so expensive?" The owner said, "Well, he can not only talk but also do some amusing actions,like dancing and so on.That"s why he's so expensive?"  Then the man asked, "How about the third one? What can he do that makes him so expensive" The owner of the shop said, "I don't know.Usually,I have never heard him talk, nor   dance, nor say, nor sing, nothing at all! But the other two call him The Boss .
The question is: What is the owner of the shop like?
The possible answers are:
A:He has a sense of humour.
B:He is very hardworking.
C:He is very helpless.
D:He is very generous.I was walking down the street the other day when I suddenly saw a small wallet lying on the ground. I picked it up and opened to see if I could find the owner's name. There was nothing inside it except some money and an old photo of a woman and a young girl about twelve years old. The girl looked like the woman's daughter. I put the photo back and took the wallet to the police station. There I gave it to a policeman. Before I left, the policeman took down my name and address so that the owner could write and thank me if they found it.
That evening I went for dinner with my aunt and uncle. They also asked a young woman, so there were four people at table. Her face seemed familiar . I was quite sure that we had met before, but I could not remember where I had seen her. During the talking, the young woman said that she had lost her wallet that afternoon. At once I knew where I had seen her. She was just the young girl in the photo though she was now much older. She was very surprised, of course, when I was able to tell her what her wallet was like.
My uncle said that we should go to the police station at once to get the wallet. As that policeman handed it over, he said it was an interesting coincidence  ----I not only found the wallet, but also made friends with the person who had lost it.
The question is: The writer was quite sure that he had seen the woman before   _
The possible answers are:
A:in the photo.
B:at his uncle's home
C:at the police station
D:in the streetMy name is Lisa. Because of my job, I often went to the United States. I often felt worried during my trip because I didn't speak English well. So I decided to learn English.
I went to Mrs Brown's English class. Before I came to the class, I always walked away when I met any Americans. But now I try to talk to Americans in English. And I like going to supermarkets, cafes and restaurants to talk with local people.
I learn English in four ways. First , I listen to the teacher carefully and keep speaking in class. Second, I do my homework after I get home. I learn at least five words every day. Third, I listen to American radio and watch American TV programs. Finally, I surf the Internet to talk with different people in English.
To learn English well, I think you must learn to open your mouth. For me that is the key to opening the door of learning English.
The question is: Why did Lisa feel worried during the trip to the United States?
The possible answers are:
A:Because she didn't like travelling by plane.
B:Because she didn't speak English well.
C:Because she didn't like to meet different people.
D:Because she couldn't sleep well.Christina is an American girl. She is a good student. Every morning she gets up at 6:00. She has her breakfast at home. Then she wears her uniform and goes to school. She studies hard every day. She eats in the dining room when she is in school. After school, she does her homework first, then she cleans the room and helps her mother with the dinner. Before she goes to bed, she usually reads some books. Then at 10:00 p. m. she goes to bed. She thinks she is happy every day. What do you think of her?
The question is: Christina is a (an)   _   girl.
The possible answers are:
A:English
B:Chinese
C:American
D:JapaneseClimate is the average weather usually taken over a 30-year time period for a particular region and time period. Climate is not the same as weather, but rather, it is the average pattern of weather for a particular region. Weather describes the short-term state of the atmosphere  .
The climate is changing. Many agreed that climate change may be one of the greatest threats   facing the planet. Recent years show increasing temperatures in various regions, and/or increasing extremities   in weather patterns.
Is the Earth getting warmer? Yes! The Earth has warmed by about 1degF over the past 100 years. But why? Well, scientists are not exactly sure. The Earth could be getting warmer on its own, but many of the world's leading climate scientists think that things people do are helping to make the Earth warmer.
Global Warming may be a big problem, but can you make a difference? Yes! There are several little things you can do to make a difference. Try carpooling. This will help reduce the amount of fossil fuels going into the atmosphere. Whenever you use electricity, you help put greenhouse gases into the air. Turn off lights, the television, and the computer when you are through with them. Also, planting trees is fun and a great way to reduce greenhouse gases. Trees absorb carbon dioxide, a greenhouse gas, from the air. Finally, don't forget about recycling.
The question is: Climate is_weather.
The possible answers are:
A:the same as
B:different from
C:a kind of
D:part ofI'm Mrs. Smith. Here are some lost things  . They're in the "Lost and Found" box. This is a watch. It is blue. David found it this morning. Is it yours?  That is a jacket. It is yellow and black. Alan found it this afternoon. Those are two pencils. One is blue. One is red. Mary found them in the classroom. By the way, Jack lost his key . It's a white key. He must find it. Can you  help Jack? Boys and girls, if   you lose something, you can ask me for help, Call me. My  telephone number is 887-9569.
The question is: The yellow and black jacket is   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:in the lost and found box
B:in the morning
C:in the afternoon
D:in the classroomThe 51st Golden Horse Awards Ceremony  was held in Taipei, Southeast China's Taiwan, on Nov. 22, 2014.
Actor Chen Jianbin walked away with the best new director, the best actor and best supporting actor awards . Actress Chen Shiang-chyi was awarded the best lead actress and actress Wan Qian won the best supporting actress.
Lou Ye-directed film Blind Massage won best feature film, best new performer, best adapted screenplay, best cinematography, best sound effects and best editing.
The annual Golden Horse Awards are one of the most important film honors in the Chinese-speaking world. It was founded in  1962 and held annually in Taiwan.
The question is: The 51st Golden Horse Awards Ceremony was held  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:in Hong Kong, in 1962
B:in Taipei, in 2014
C:in South China, in 2014
D:in Southeast, in1962John is an American boy. His family is in China now. John likes chocolates   very much. But his mother doesn't give him any. They are not good for him, she thinks. But John has a very nice grandfather. The old man loves him very much, and sometimes he buys John some chocolates. Then his mother lets John eat them. She wants to make the old man happy. One Sunday evening John says in his room, "Please, God. Make them give me a big box of chocolates tomorrow. It's my birthday." His mother says, "God can't hear you, my boy." "I know, but my grandfather is in the next room. He can hear."
,.
The question is: Where's John's grandfather on Sunday evening?
The possible answers are:
A:In the library.
B:In the zoo.
C:Inthekitchen
D:Inthenextroom.Bruce and his other two friends, Bruno and Dick lived in the same city in England. They were free in their summer holiday. So they came to a village by a large lake. They liked fishing very much. Then the next day after they got there, they got to a boat and went fishing in the lake. They boated farther and farther. They came to an out-of-way place. They were very happy because there were a lot of fish. When it was time for them to go home, Bruce said to his friends: "We'd better make a mark  here so that we will easily find the place tomorrow."
"You're right." Bruno said happily ."Let me do that."
"How foolish," said Bruce. "If it rains tonight, the rain water will wash the line  off, and how can we find the mark tomorrow. You must cut a line with your knife."
Dick came up to them and said angrily. " Neither  of you is clever. How can we find the place if we have another boat tomorrow? We should not go back tonight."
The question is: They should make a mark   _
The possible answers are:
A:thicker and color it red
B:on the fish
C:in the lake
D:on every boatIt keeps your insides from falling out. It helps you warm up when you are cold, and it can cool you off when you are hot. It lets you feel things by touch.
What is this? Your skin , of course! What does you skin ask for return for all the wonderful things it does? Just a little care!  So let's learn how to take care of our skin.
Like the heart and stomach, your skin is an organ  .In fact, it is the largest organ in your body.Unless there's a problem, you may not think about your skin very much.But skin has an important job to do.
Your skin is protecting you.Your skin keeps you from getting sick.When you take care of your skin, you are helping your skin do its job.Taking care of your skin today will help you have no problems in the future.
Clean skin is happy skin! One simple way to take care of your skin is to keep it clean.Keeping your hands clean is very important.When washing your hands, use warm water.Wet your hands, and then use soap.You should wash your hands carefully everywhere.
You'll also want to use warm water, but not too hot, when you take a bath.Use soap to clean your body.Don't forget under your arms and behind your ears! Your face needs attention, too.It's a good idea to wash your face once or twice a day with warm water.
The question is: Why does the writer think we should try to take care of our skin today?
The possible answers are:
A:To help us warm up when we are cold.
B:In order to keep our insides from falling out.
C:In order to help us have no problems in the future.
D:To let us feel things by touch.News Review
Head- on Train Crash  On May 18, two trains had a head-on crash near New York City. Over 250 people were on the trains then. About 60people were hurt, but no deaths were reported.
Travel Time  Tourists came together to the Taishan Mountain, on May1. Over 180,000tourists
visited the place of great interest from April 29 to May 1, during the three-day holiday.
Brave Volunteer   Liao Zhi , a dance teacher from Chengdu who lost her 1-year-old daughter and her legs in the 2008 Wenchuan earthquake, arrived in Ya'an 13 hours after the earthquake. The dancer said she had had a terrible time herself and knew what people needed most, so she decided to come and offer help.
Tomato Competition   A tomato competition was held in Huainan, Anhui Province, on April
16. The best tomatoes were chosen according to their shape, color and taste. The competition hoped to encourage the farmers to grow better tomatoes.
The question is: Liao Zhi, the dance teacher from  _  , came to Ya'an to offer help.
The possible answers are:
A:Huainan
B:Chengdu
C:Taishan
D:New YorkIt was a beautiful spring morning, and the sun was warm but not too hot, so Mr Green was surprised when he saw an old gentleman at the bus stop with a big, strong, black umbrella   in his hand.
Mr Green said to him, "Do you think we're going to have rain today!"
"No," said the old gentleman, "I don't think so."
"Then are you carrying the umbrella to keep the sun off you?" "No, the sun is not very hot in spring."
Mr Green looked at the big umbrella again, and the gentleman said, "I am an old man, and my legs are not very strong. I really need a walking-stick. But when I carry a walking-stick, people say, 'Look at the poor old man.' I don't like that. When I carry an umbrella in fine weather, people only say, 'look at that stupid  man.'"
The question is: Mr Green was   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:thinking about where to get a big strong black umbrella
B:taking a walk in town
C:glad to see an old friend in the street
D:surprised to see an old man with an umbrella in his hand on a fine dayChina's New Voice
Three months ago,Liang Bo was just a student who was studying music in the college. Now he becomes " The Voice of China". The lucky young man is the winner of The Voice of China, the most popular TV show this summer. People think Liang's voice is natural, clear and touching.
The 21-year-old boy was born in Changchun, Jilin. Like many other young Chinese, he fell in love with music by playing the guitar. Liang got his first guitar as a birthday gift when he was in middle school. He spent days and nights practicing. " I can't live without my guitar."He said.
Many people think Liang Bo is just like famous Chinese rock singers such as Xu Wei, Wang Feng and Zheng Jun. But the young man doesn't want to stand in others' shadow ." I like them, but I'm not going to copy  them. I will be who I am." he said.
The question is: Liang Bo is going to  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:stand in others' shadow
B:live in the USA
C:be himself
D:learn to swimI stood there listening to my father shout at top of his voice. The look on his face said that one of us had done something wrong.
"Which one of you did this?"
We all looked down at the step. There was child's handwriting in chalk there. I was very frightened. I hope no one could see it. Would he guess it was me? I was so scared. When he asked me, I lied, "Not me, dad." The other denied  it as well. Of course, we all knew that one of us must have done it. But as the youngest and smallest of the three, I just couldn't find courage to tell the truth.
To find out who had written on the step, Father gave us each a piece of paper and a pencil. "I want each of you to write exactly what you see on the step." I tried my best to write the words differently. I didn't want dad to be able to tell it was me.
He gathered up our paper and looked at them. "Since none of you will say yes, then I will punish you all." I stood there and said nothing. The last thing I wanted was for Dad to punish me!
"I did it." My sister walked forward and said she had done something she hadn't. she was punished for a month.
We didn't talk about that day for many years. Not until we were all older and I knew it was safe to finally tell my dad it was really me. I always felt sorry because of it. That was the last time I let anyone _ for me. I told myself, "One must see to what he or she has done."
The question is: Which of the following statements is true?
The possible answers are:
A:The writer kept telling lies.
B:Her sister told the truth.
C:The writer's father punished the children.
D:None of the children told the truth.Which color do you like best? Everyone has his own favorite color, but how do people feel about colors? It depends on their cultures. The same color sometimes has different meanings in different countries.
In England, the right color for a bride  to wear is white. But in China and other eastern countries, brides often wear red. Why? It is because the red color is a sign of good luck.
Red is used as a sign of danger in England. Road signs are often in red. In eastern countries, red does not mean you have to be careful.
In England and other western countries, black is the color of death. But in many eastern countries, most people think white is the color of death.
In England, green is used in traffic lights to tell people that it is safe to go. Green is often seen as a lucky color, but wearing green at a wedding is unlucky.
Many people like the color orange because it is bright and exciting. But some _ will not use orange in their ads because they believe it suggests that their products  are cheap and perhaps not of high quality.
As is known to all, red is the most popular color in China while in England it is blue.
The question is: Most Chinese people like red because they think   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:it is safe to go
B:it can bring good luck
C:it is bright and exciting
D:it has different meaningsMr Robin had his house in a tree.
His four baby robins lived in it. They grew very fast. Soon the house was too little for them.
"It is time for you to fly," said Mr Robin.
"Oh, we can not fly," said the baby robins.
"You can, if you try, " said Mr Robin.
A robin tried. He flew into a tree.
"Oh, how interesting!" said the little robin. "I like to fly. See me go!"
Then the other robins tried.
In a little while they could all fly.
The robins could fly, but they could not sing.
"No, Dad, we can not sing."
"You can, if you try. Hear the other birds sing. Look at the pretty flowers and the blue sky. Then you will want to sing. Hear me sing to you. Now sing for me."
One little robin sang.
Then they all sang.
A little girl came by. "Wow, hear the birds sing!" she said. "How happy they are!"
The question is: What did the girl think of the birds?
The possible answers are:
A:They were poor.
B:They were rude.
C:They were happy.
D:They were sad.Swimmers Wanted
Can you swim? Do you like kids? Can you help them with swimming on weekends? Come and join us. Call Jane at 330-8976 for more information .
Chess Club
Do you like to play chess? Mr Chen can teach you. You can come here every Friday afternoon.
Tel: 623-1940
Add: Room 102 in School's P.E. Building
Let's Learn French
Can you speak French? Do you want to learn French? Join the French club now.
Time: 9:00 am--11:30 am(from Monday to Friday)
Call Henry at 543-1248.
Musicians Wanted
Boys and girls, are you music lovers? Can you sing or dance? Can you play any instruments ? Welcome to our Star Rock Band.
Please call Victor at 891-3453 or send an email to music@yahoo.com.
,.
The question is: Betty can swim well and she wants to find a job. Who can she call?
The possible answers are:
A:Henry.
B:Jane.
C:Victor.
D:Mr Chen.Once upon a time,a hippo  lived in a river next to a big tree.
One day,a bird came and nested  in the tree.The songs of the bird filled the hippo with so much envy  that he couldn't think of anything else.Every day he would think why he wasn't born to be a bird even though the bird told him many times he was so lucky to be so big and such a good swimmer.
Finally,the hippo made up his mind that he would come out of the river,climb the tree and start singing.However,when he tried to climb the tree,it was very clear that the hippo didn't have wings,nor claws to climb with.
Realizing that he would never climb up the tree,he angrily hit the tree until it came crashing to the ground.Then he stepped onto the leaves of the fallen tree,and began singing.
Unfortunately,hippos can't sing,either.All that came from his mouth were terrible noises,and when the other animals heard this,they all came around to make fun of the hippo.
He was so ashamed by this.He also felt bad about having knocked the tree over.He used all his strength to raise the tree back up again,and look after it until it completely recovered. .
The question is: From the passage,we can infer  that the hippo would  _  after such an experience.
The possible answers are:
A:be a good singer
B:be good at climbing trees
C:stop envying the bird
D:not make friends with other animalsVolunteering means that you work to help people without being paid. There are many different volunteers. They help people who really need help. There are many places where you can be volunteers. Here are just a few places for you.
Hospital---ask if you can go and visit people who are really sick. Sometimes what they need is someone to talk to, or someone to give them hope
Orphanage   ---the children living there really need someone to play with them.
Food Shelter ---many food shelters need people to clean up the shelters and help give out food or water to those who need it.
Seniors' Home   ---help the elderly people clean up their homes.
Community   Center ---a lot of community centers are very well run. However, some of them really need extra help, especially cleaning and repairs.
As a student you can also do a lot of things to help others at school. Maybe you could start a support group. Here is some advice:
Help students give up smoking, drinking or other bad habits.
Help students who come from poor families.
Help new students get used to their school life soon.
Provide graduating students with information on future studies.
The question is: From the passage, you know the following volunteer jobs can be done at school except   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:helping students who come from poor families
B:helping the students who have bad habits
C:helping the student to copy others' homework
D:helping the students in trouble with their studiesOnce upon a time there was a monster(  ). He was very ugly (  ), and had no friends. No one wanted to talk to him. Even other monsters thought he was ugly. He lived alone and was very unhappy because he was so lonely.
"I wish I had a friend." he said to himself every day. "One friend would be enough. Someone to talk to."
"Dear Editor( )." he wrote. " I am an ugly monster. How can I find a friend?"
"Dear Monster." the Editor replied. " Advertise( )for a friend in this magazine." The monster wrote an advertisement.
"Monster wants a friend, male or female. I have two heads, four arms, six legs and three tails. I have one blue eye, one green eye and one brown eye. Smoke comes out of my noses. But I am really a kind monster and will be a good friend to someone. If you would like to meet me, please stand outside Blake's Store at 6 p.m. on Friday, May 22nd. Write to me at Box 45. Everybody's Magazine."
A few days later he went to the magazine.
"Do you have any letters for Box 45?" he asked.
The Editor looked in Box45.
"Yes, there is one." she said, and gave it to him.
The monster opened the letter, and read, "Dear Monster, I think a person's character ( ) is more important than his appearance( ). I will wait outside Blake's Store on Friday. Please carry a flower so that I will recognize you. Yours sincerely, Alice Green. "
The question is: What did the monster advertise for?
The possible answers are:
A:A magazine
B:A friend
C:An editor
D:A male monsterSigmund Freud was a world-famous doctor of Vienna . He was also a man full of humour. Once, at his 70th birthday party, a friend asked Freud if he could put his work into several words."Well,"said Freud, "we take the sick out of their trouble and return them to the common suffering."
As a devoted son, Freud often visited his old mother. His mother usually spent her summer in a small mountain town in Austria. The King Josef usually spent his summer there, too. One day in the summer, a band was playing a lively tune when Freud's mother was sitting at the window and watching the people singing and dancing on Main Street. The old woman had a poor memory. She heard the band playing, but forgot it was the King's birthday. Freud was visiting his mother on her 95th birthday. He told his mother, "Mama, the band is playing for your birthday."She believed him and had a wonderful day.
The question is: One day Freud came to the small mountain town for   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:his 70th birthday
B:the King Josef's birthday
C:his mother's birthday
D:for his holidaySan Francisco has many museums. You can visit one and learn something new. We have art, science, history and other special museums. Some museums are open every day. Some are only open on certain days. Many museums are expensive, and others are free. But some of the expensive ones have free days . Many museums have websites. The websites usually have information about the things you can see in the museums.
On a museum's website you can get information about ticket prices and free days. You can also know where the museum is and when it is open. Sometimes the information is on the first page, and it's very easy for you to find. But sometimes you have to click  on the words like Visit Information, or About to find the information. That will be hard work for you.
The question is: Many museums have  _   with information about the things you can see in them.
The possible answers are:
A:ticket prices
B:their websites
C:open hours
D:free daysSix days before the 63rd birthday of New China, our country received a great gift. The country's first aircraft carrier  , Liaoning, has made China become the l0th country in the world to have an aircraft camer.
An aircraft carrier is a kind of ship that planes can fly from and land on--like an airport on the sea. It stands for a country's military strength . It plays an important role in modern wars.
In August last year, the air craft carrier began its trial run at Dalian Port in Liaoning. The carrier was at first called the Varyag. It was built in the former Soviet Union. However, the Soviets failed to finish the ship. China bought the Varyag in 1998. Now after 10 trial runs, the aircraft carrier, renamed Liaoning, is in active service.
Liaoning is about 300 meters long and 70 meters wide. It can take 30 planes and hold 2,000 soldiers.
According to Xinhua News, Liaoning will be used for scientific research and military training.
The aircraft carrier will help protect our country and promote  world peace. The BBC said that Liaoning coming into service " marks China as a rising power".
,.
The question is: How many countries in the world had had aircraft carriers before China did?
The possible answers are:
A:9.
B:10.
C:30.
D:70.One day, an old man went for a walk in a park in Washington, and when he was tired, he sat down in a chair. A young person was standing on the other side of the pool.
"Oh!" the old man said to the person sitting be side him on the chair. "Do you see that person with the glasses and long hair? Is it a boy or a girl?" "A girl." said the neighbor . "She is my daughter." "Oh!" the old man said quickly. "Please forgive me, I did not know that you were her mother." "I'm not." Said the other person, "I'm her father."
The question is: The old man thought his neighbor was  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:a woman
B:a man
C:a girl
D:a boyHer name is Mary. She comes from London. She is in China with her father and mother. Shecan speak a little Chinese. She studies in No. 80 Middle School in Tianjin. She is in the sameschool as her parents (father and mother). She is a good student. She goes to school six daysa week. She likesgetting up early. She doesn't like to be late. She often goes to school veryearly. But today she gets up late. So she gets to the classroom at 7 :30. But there aren't anystudents in it. She is not late. She is still early. It's Sunday today. The students are allat home.
The question is: Nobody  is in the classroom because  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:it's Sunday
B:Mary gets to the classroom so early
C:the students are playing outside
D:it's 7:30 nowLook at this. It's a pencil case. It's orange. It's my pencil case. What's in it? Look, this is a pen. It's black. This is a pencil. It's red. And this is a pencil, too. It's yellow. This is an eraser. It's blue and white. My pencil case is big and nice. I like it.
,.
The question is: The pen is   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:red
B:black
C:green
D:whitePeople call the Winter Olympics the White Olympics. At this time, they publish  many stamps to mark  the great games. The first stamps came out on January 25th, 1932 in the United States for the 3rd White Olympics. From then on , publishing stamps during the White Olympics became a rule.
During the 4th Winter Olympics, people published a group of stamps in November 1936. They drew five rings of Olympics. It was the first time that the rings appeared  on the stamps of the White Olympics.
In the 1950s,the stamps of this kind became more colorful. When the White Olympics came, the host countries as well as non-host countries published stamps to mark those games. China also published four stamps in February 1980 when the Chinese sportsmen began to take part in the White Olympics.
In Asia, Japan was the only country to hold the White Olympics. They sold 14,500 million stamps during the Olympics.
People drew different kinds of sports on these small stamps, and they enjoyed the wonderful sports and some excellent players.
The question is: The world made it a rule to publish stamps to mark the great world games   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:after the year 1936
B:after the 3rd White Olympics
C:before the 3rd White Olympics
D:before the year 1932These days picture news is very popular with young people. Here are some chosen from the Internet by Jack. Read on to find out which one you like best.
 SPRING is coming, together with butterflies ! On March 31,the Natural History Museum in London, UK, had a butterfly show. Children came over and played with these beautiful creatures. They also got to know how butterflies grow up. Colorful butterflies flew freely at the show. They sometimes landed on visitors. Look! A large blue butterfly sits on the nose of the girl.
Earlier in April 2014, Sanlian Taofen Bookstore became the first 24-hour bookstore in Beijing. It hopes to encourage more people to read books.
"We welcome everyone who loves to read books at any time." The general manager of the store told China Youth Daily.
Although many people can now buy books online, many readers still like the feeling in bookstores. They can touch the books and smell the print.
 This year, many children in the UK will have a new language to study: Chinese.
Starting in 2014, students aged 7-11 in the UK need to study one of seven foreign languages. They can choose from French, German, Spanish, Italian, Latin, Greek  and Chinese.
The British government is offering to train a group of Chinese-language teachers. They will teach Chinese to more than 3,000 primary school students.
China and the UK work together in many fields. So it's important that the future generation  can speak Chinese.
The question is: What could children get from visiting the butterfly show?
The possible answers are:
A:Beautiful creatures.
B:Pleasure and knowledge.
C:Colorful butterflies.
D:Care by the visitors.Some people remember the things by writing notes to themselves. Then they leave the notes in obvious  places, such as on the table or on the floor in the middle of the living room. I don't think I like to write notes to myself. Most of the time I lose them or forget to look at them until it's too late. I prefer to use an alarm clock to tell me what I should do. I have ten alarm clocks in my house. They could tell me about things. For example, if I have to make a telephone call at a certain time, I'll set an alarm clock to go off a few minutes early and put the clock by the telephone. Or if I want to watch a certain television program, I'll set an alarm clock at the right time and put the clock on top of the TV set. I can remember almost anything if I use my clocks. However, sometimes an alarm clock goes off and I don't know what it means. I always remember setting it, but I do not know why I set it. If the clock is by the telephone, I know I may have set it to tell me to call someone, but I can't be sure. I might have set it to tell myself that somebody was to call me at a certain time.
The question is: In this passage, "go off" means   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:start off
B:get off
C:go away
D:make a sudden noiseHello Kitty, the Japanese white cat with no mouth,has a lot of fans around the world. A new home for Hello Kitty was opened in China in the summer of 2014.
The Hello Kitty Theme Park was built in Anji, Zhejiang Province and this is the first Hello Kitty Park in China.Anji is known for its natural beauty. It has large forests and many bamboo groves . So the new Hello Kitty Park will be both a playland and a natural park. Children and visitors will enjoy the fun of games and learn about the environment at the same time. There are five gardens in the park. Each of them has a different theme of the five natural elements: water, wood,fire, metal  and earth.
Visitors to the amusement park will be able to enjoy 3D Games, watch Hello Kitty films and food service. Children can have lots of interesting activities here.
Now you see,Hello Kitty's new home was so interesting. So come and see it by yourself.
The question is: Which of the following is not true according to the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:You can have fun playing games in the Hello Kitty Theme Park.
B:Hello Kitty's new home settled in Zhejiang Province.
C:Hello Kitty Park is a natural park in Anji.
D:More natural park will be built in China.My name is Tom. My best friends are John and Ann. John lives near my house and we are in the same class. He's tall and thin, he has blonde hair and blue eyes. He is polite and very clever. He is very good at math and sometimes helps me with my homework sometimes. He usually wears jeans and a blue T--shirt. We three often play basketball in a nearby park.
My friend Ann studies at another school.
She's short and slim  with straight brown hair and brown eyes. She's a little bit shy. We all have Kong fu lessons every Tuesday and Friday afternoon. We love Kung fu very much. Ann is really good at Kung fu. We call her the "Kong fu girl". Sometimes she practices Kung fu with us. She loves wearing a T--shirts and a hat. The three of us have great fun together.
The question is: When do they have Kung fu lessons?
The possible answers are:
A:Every Monday
B:Every Tuesday afternoon.
C:Every Saturday afternoon.
D:Every dayOne day a famous teacher was walking with his student. On the way, they saw a lake. They stopped and the teacher told the student, "I'm thirsty. Get me some water from that lake."
Just when the student reached the lake, a cow was walking in the lake. So the water became very dirty. He thought "I can't give the dirty water to my teacher!"
He came back and told the teacher, "The water is very dirty. We can't drink it." After about half an hour, the teacher asked the student to get some water again. So he went back to the lake.
But the lake was still dirty. So he told the teacher the same thing. After some time, the teacher asked him to go back again. But this time, he found the water was clear. The mud in the water came to the bottom. So he got some water.
The teacher looked at the water and said to him, "You did nothing to make the water clear. You just let it be. Your mind is also like that! When it is bothered , just let it be. Give it some time."
The question is: One day the teacher asked his student to  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:make the lake clear
B:drive away the cow in the lake
C:get some water to drink
D:get some water to wash his faceOne day, a woman walked into a pet store to buy a bird for her Thanksgiving Day party. The guy said, "We only have one parrot. But I think you do not want it because it can talk..."
The woman said happily, "That's great. I've always wanted a talking bird."
So the guy said, "Since you are a nice lady, I'll give it to you as a gift."
And the lady went home and put the bird on her bed and walked out of the room. But as soon as she walked into the kitchen, the bird started to speak dirty words as loud as it could. The woman walked back into the room thinking, "I can't have this at my party!" So she took the bird and put it in the fridge.
A few hours later, while the woman was eating, she remembered that her bird was still in the fridge. Quickly, she opened the door and found it was _ . Then she took out the bird at once. She said to the bird, "I'll keep you out of there if you don't use that language again. Do you agree with me?"
The bird nodded and asked, "Can I just ask a quick question?" The lady nodded and said, "Yes, you may."
The bird pointed at the turkey behind him and asked, "What did he do?"
The question is: The woman put the bird in the fridge because  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:she wanted to cook it on Thanksgiving Day
B:she thought it's the best place for it to live in
C:the bird liked living in the cold place
D:the bird spoke dirty wordsFifty-five years ago Barbie Millicent Roberts first came out in the world of toys. Since then, Barbie doll, as everyone called her, has become the most famous toy doll in history. Her parent, the Mattel Company, said that 90% of all American girls between 3 and 10 have at least one Barbie at home.
However, Barbie is facing some trouble at present, There are many similar   dolls on the market in competition with her. Another doll named Bratz, for example, came to life fifteen years ago. She looks more like today's pop stars with heavy makeup   and miniskirts.
It seems that Barbie has lost her magic   among older girls. "For young girls, playing with a Barbie is much fun. But when you get older, you want something smarter and more modern," Says Vera Shepherd, a shopkeeper in a New York toy shop.
It is good news that on the international market Barbie is still No. 1. Although Mattel is selling fewer Barbies in the United States these years, sales in other countries are still going up. In January 2009, Mattel opened its first Barbie store in Shanghai, where girls can shop, eat, drink or even become _ for their own Barbies.
Mattel is planning big celebrations for Barbie's 55th birthday. Fashion designers from all over the world will make new dresses for Barbie. How long will Barbie stay popular in the world of toy dolls? It is hard to say, but 55 is surely not the age to retire  .
The question is: Girls can do the following things in the first Barbie shop in Shanghai except    _  .
The possible answers are:
A:shopping
B:having food
C:drinking juice
D:taking photosYoung people and older people don't always agree. They sometimes have different ideas about living, working and playing. But in one special programme in New York State, adults and teenagers live together in a friendly way.
Each summer 200 teenagers and 50 adults live together for eight weeks as members of a special work group. Everyone works several hours each day. They do so not just to keep busy but to find meaning and enjoyment in work. Some teenagers work in the woods or on the farms near the village. Some learn to make things like tables and chairs and build houses. The adults teach them these skills.
There are several free hours each day. Weekends are free, too. During the free hours some of the teenagers learn photo taking or painting. Others sit around and talk or sing. Each teenager chooses his own way to spend his free time.
When people live together, rules are necessary. In this programme the teenagers and the adults make the rules together. If someone breaks a rule, the problem goes before the whole group. They talk about it and ask, "Why did it happen? What should we do about it?"
One of the teenagers has this to say about his experience, "You stop thinking only about yourself; you learn to think about the group."
The question is: The best title for the passage is   _   .
The possible answers are:
A:The rules of living together
B:Life in New York State
C:Teenagers in the special group
D:Free hours in the special work groupHere are four famous festivals aroud the world .Are you familiar with all of them?
Christmas is on 25 December.On the night before the festival ,young children hang up their stockings for the gift that Santa Clause gives .This festival is for the   birth of Christ.All the people like this festival.
In North America ,Halloween is on the last day of October . Families make lanterns from pumpkin .In the evening , children dress up well and go form house to house to ask for sweets or have parties at home.
Mid-autumn Festival is a Chinese festival in the autumn . People wait to see a big around moon in the night sky . They eat moon cake and light lanterns .
The longest day in the northern hemisphere is on 21 or 22 June each year .
This is the middle of summer .There is a flower festival for four days each June in California , USA .There is a parade  and people go to flower fields to look at the flowers.
The question is: People make lanterns from pumpkins on   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:the Mid-Autumn Festival
B:Halloween
C:Christmas Day
D:the flower festivalSteven Jobs was born in 1955. He was an American businessman and inventor. He was the co-founder and chief executive officer (CEO) of Apple Inc. In the late 1970s, Steve, with Apple co-founder Steve Wozniak, Mike Markkula, and others, designed, developed, and marketed one of the first successful lines of personal computers, the Apple II series and later, the Macintosh.
Steve was among the greatest of American inventors - brave enough to think differently, and believed he could change the world and in fact, he had the power to change the whole world. By making computers personal and putting the Internet in our pockets, he has brought joy to millions of children and grownups.
Steve was fond of saying that he lived every day like it was his last. He changed the way each of us sees the world. Steve's brilliance, passion and energy were the source of countless innovations that enrich and improve all of our lives. The world is much better because of Steve. On October 5, 2011, Steve died of cancer. The world has lost _ . We all feel sad about it.
The question is: From the passage, we can know that   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:It is cancer that took the Steve's life
B:Steve's brilliance, passion and energy enrich and improve all of our lives
C:Apple II series and the Macintosh have made computers personal and put the Internet in our pockets
D:Steve was a businessman but not an inventorTeenagers live very busy lives and often forget to think about their diet and exercise. How much do you know about keeping healthy and fit?
Healthy eating along with regular exercise is probably the only way to become fit. Diets are useless in the long term, about 20% of teenagers say they have tried eating less and _ meals to control their weight. If you eat properly and exercise regularly, you will lose weight, keep fit and feel great.
As a teenager, it is important to give your body energy it needs. If you skip meals, you don't get enough energy, and then you feel tired. For a healthy diet, you should eat mostly rice, bread, vegetables and fruit.
Exercise is something that can help to make you look good, feel good and be healthy. Teenagers should spend at least 30 minutes exercising, five times a week. It is easy to do! Walking and riding your bike to school, and doing some school sports. If you follow the suggestions above, you will look and feel much better!
The question is: According to the writer, what is not a proper way to lose weight?
The possible answers are:
A:Eating healthy meals
B:Walking or riding to school every day
C:Skipping meals
D:Doing sports exerciseThese days, more and more students in the UK are taking a "gap year"between their graduation from school and their university studies. This means they can take a year off to do something else, before they start their studies.
For most students, spending time in foreign countries is the favorite activity --- and Australia is the favorite place to go.
Many parents, teachers and business people agree that travelling can teach important values.
"After a year of travelling, I felt I'd grown up. I had learnt the importance of relationships with people, on all kinds of levels."
There are many companies around the world that welcome these students on their projects---helping people in poorer countries, or even in your home country. Although you don't get paid for your work, this kind of work can teach important skills---decision making and finding answers to problems, for example---that will help many students in a job one day.
Finally, getting some knowledge and experience in an area you hope to study or work in one day will always be very useful.
If several university graduates are applying  for the same job, gar year work experience allows you to say,
" I've already had some experience of this kind of work." And that can get your job.
The question is: What can't students get in gap year work in the writer's opinion?
The possible answers are:
A:Values
B:Skills
C:Knowledge and experience
D:moneyHi, everyone! My name is Wang Kai. I'm twelve. I'm in Class 5 Grade 7. Teachers' Day is coming. I want to give some presents to my teachers.
Miss Zhang is my English teacher. She is twenty-four years old. She likes flowers very much. I want to give her some flowers from my garden. My Chinese teacher has a four-year-old son, Li Xin. He likes playing football a lot. I want to give my Chinese teacher a "special" present: playing football with Li Xin for a day! What about my maths teacher Mr. Zheng? He likes drawing pictures. I would like to draw a picture of him and give it to him.
My friends, what presents do you usually give to your teachers? Please tell me!
The question is: _   likes playing football a lot.
The possible answers are:
A:Wang Kai's English teacher
B:Wang Kai's Chinese teacher
C:Wang Kai's maths teacher
D:Li XinYou go to a store. You see many new things. You know about them before you get to the store. How do you know? You saw these things on TV. You learned about them through advertising.
People have been advertising for thousands of years. Long ago, men called "criers" walked up and down the street. They shouted about things that were being sold.
Later, people met at one place. This place was a market. Some people came to sell. Other people came to buy. But only those people who were at the market knew what was being sold.
When people learned about printing, things changed. Soon there were newspapers. Many people read the newspapers. They saw many ads in the papers. Later, more people saw and listened to the ads on TV. Are the people who sell to us "criers"?
The question is: The main idea of the whole story is   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:people advertise to sell things
B:people cried when they had to advertise
C:people went to the market
D:people never advertiseAn old man walked slowly with a cane into the restaurant.His old jacket,worn-out shoes and warm personality made him different from the usual crowd.
A young waitress watched him move toward a table by the window.She ran over to him,and said:"Here,sir...let me help you with that chair."
Without saying a word ,he smiled and nodded a thank you.She pulled the chair away from the table and helped him sit.Then she put his cane against the table.
"Thank you.Miss."he said kindly.
"You're welcome.sir,"she said.
After he had finished his breakfast,the waitress brought him the change from his bill.He left it on the table.She helped him up and walked with him to the front door.
When she went to clean his table,she found a business card under his plate and a note on a napkin .Under the napkin was a l00-dollar bill.
The note on the napkin read:"Dear miss,I respect you very much and I can see you respect yourself,too. It shows by the way you treat others.You have found the secret of happiness.Your kindness will shine through to all those who meet you."
The man she had served  was the owner of the restaurant where she worked.This was the first time that she or any of the other workers had ever seen him in person.
The question is: The old man left a l 00-dollar bill under the napkin because he  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:wanted to thank the waitress for her kindness
B:thought the meal was delicious
C:wanted to show that he was rich
D:wanted to get married with the waitressDavid is eight. One day his friend Rose says to him, "This Sunday is my birthday. Can you come to my birthday party?" David says, "Yes".
On Sunday, David asks his mother if he can go to the party. His mother says, "Yes, you can go, but you must be polite. Don't ask for any food. They will give you some." "All right, Mum." David answers and he goes to Rose's house on his bike.
There are lots of kids at the party. They play together for some time, and then Rose's mother gives them some food, but she forgets David. He waits and waits and then he takes his plate up and asks, "Do you want a nice clean plate?"
The question is: David goes to the party   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:by car
B:by bike
C:by bus
D:on footJodie is a good student. She usually gets up at 6:30 in the morning. She has breakfast at home. Then she reads English from 6:30 a. m. to 7:00 a. m. She goes to school at 7:15 a. m. She has four classes in the morning. She usually has lunch at school, but on Sundays she has lunch at home with her family. She has three classes in the afternoon. She goes home at 5:00. She usually has dinner at home. Then she does her homework. She doesn't watch TV  in the evening.
,A, B, C, D. (5)
The question is: How many classes does Jodie have a day?
The possible answers are:
A:Four classes.
B:Three classes.
C:Seven classes.
D:Eight classes.Fashion always keeps at least one eye on the future. Now scientists are lending a hand, developing tomorrow's super-powered clothing such as coats that can recharge  your MP3 player and make you stronger.
For example, electronics could get recharged in the future simply by plugging  them into your outer wear, because Australian researchers are designing clothing that can collect energy from a person. The coats would include small things that change vibration energy from a person's movements into electricity. High-tech fabrics would carry this energy to batteries .
"It will look like an ordinary(common)coat but have super energy," said Adam Best, an Australian head research scientist. " _ has important uses for soldiers in the field and could mean they no longer need to carry heavy batteries,'' Best added. "Above all, they'd be wearing the battery, not carrying it." Besides helping soldiers, these coats could also have common uses for common people, such as powering radios, mobile phones, MP3 players or medical things. Solar-powered handbags could do the same thing.
Thanks to self-cleaning fabrics developed by scientists working for the U. S. Air Force, underwear and sports clothing could go weeks without washing. The general idea of clothes that never get dirty can be found in the 1951 film The Man in the White Suit. The new technology helps keep off water, oil and bacteria .
High-tech fabrics could also help serve as protection. For example, future fabrics could lead to soft helmets that turn hard in an accident.
Not all the possible fabrics of tomorrow are necessarily high-tech. For example, chicken feathers  and other things of the farming industry could get changed into wool-like fabrics or cotton-like ones, helping use fewer fabrics made from oil.
Scientific development is also creating wool that doesn't become bigger or smaller after washing. And future clothing could help soldiers shoulder heavy bags and help people walk. But not all electronic coats have such uses--some might serve as video game players with high technology and the latest fashion joined together perfectly.
The world of fashion is set to be taken by high-tech clothing that works as you wear!
The question is: Which of the following is TRUE according to the article?
The possible answers are:
A:You can get electronic energy from your clothes in the future.
B:Self-cleaning coats are developed for American scientists.
C:We will no longer use fabrics made from oil in the future.
D:The future high-tech clothing will be used only for soldiers.Quick Service
A man took a pair of shoes to a shoe repair shop and said to the shoemaker, "I'd like you to repair these shoes for me, please."
"Certainly, sir." the shoemaker said.
"When will they be ready?" the man asked.
"I'm a bit busy, but they will be ready for you on Thursday," he said.
"That's fine." the man said and left the shop.
The next morning he received a letter, offering him a job in another country. Within 24 hours he was on an airplane to his new job.
Twenty years passed and he returned to his hometown.
He remembered his shoes.
"They were a good pair of shoes," he thought, "I wonder if the shoemaker is still there and still has them. I'll go and see. " The same shop, although he was an old man by now.
"Good morning. " he said to the shoe maker, "Twenty years ago, I brought in a pair of shoes. Do you still have them?"
"Name?" the old shoemaker asked.
"Smith." the man said.
"I'll go and see. They may be in the back."
The shoemaker went out to the back of his shop and a few minutes later returned, carrying a pair of shoes.
"Here they are." he said, "One pair of brown shoes. I'm a bit busy now, but they'll be ready on Thursday."
The question is: Why didn't the man return to the shoe repair shop on Thursday?
The possible answers are:
A:He forgot.
B:He went to another country.
C:He was too busy.
D:He knew the shoes would not be ready.2011 is a special year to all the people in Shenzhen. The 26
World Universiade will be held in the city from August 12
to 23
.
As we all know, "Start Here" is the slogan of this great event. Does anyone know that a new life of two giant pandas will start here as well?
Shenzhen is expecting the pair of pandas for the Summer Univcrsiade. The pandas, a male and a female from Wolong Panda Research Center in Sichuan Province, will be "universiade Pandas", just like "Asian Games Pandas" and "Olympic Pandas".
Shenzhen Safari Park will rebuild its panda house to welcome the pandas. The panda house has been empty since another panda, Yongba, 25, was returned to Sichuan in 2009 because it was too old.
How old are the Universiade Pandas? What are their names? What are they like? What are their living habits? We will find out the answers in June when they arrive.
The question is: From the passage we can know the    _    of the Universiade Pandas.
The possible answers are:
A:arrival time
B:ages
C:names
D:living habitsDick was driving a large American car. As soon as the race started, he pulled out in front. As the race went on, he kept the first place. And he was far ahead of Wilson, the man in the second place.
When the race was almost over, some people stood up and left. "Why did stay?" they thought. They were sure they knew who would win.
But things did not go as they thought. A strange noise came from Dick's car. It slowed down. Something was wrong. Dick knew his car would not go far. His only hope was that he would make it to the finish. But on his last lap , the car stopped. Wilson's car roared   by. Dick saw it go by. He knew he could not win now. "But I can finish the race," he thought. And he got out of his car. So did his assistant. They began to push the car to the finish.
Wilson went by them again and again. He was on his last lap. He was going to win. Dick and his friend did not care. They went on pushing.
At first, all eyes were on Wilson. He crossed the line. And the race was over. He won! Dick and his friend pushed on. At last, the car crossed the line. By then all the people shouted for them. They shouted more than they did for Wilson. This was a different kind of winner!
The question is: Dick was driving a large car that made in   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:China
B:Japan
C:The United States
D:CanadaHundreds of people did not get their train tickets through the online train ticketing service after paying the money.
The China Railway Customer Service Center said that it would try to solve the problem and return the money in 15 working days.
The service center said changes would be made to the online booking system which limited  each purchase which is finished in 30 minutes. Many people said that they failed to book tickets because of the time limit in purchase.
People who paid without getting their tickets have formed groups on QQ. As many as 400 people had joined the QQ group by Thursday and the group continues to grow.
The ticket buyers said their money had been returned through online banks but they didn't get confirmation  from the online booking system.
They are afraid that they will not be able to get refunds  because they don't have the order number given to those who have succeeded in booking. People also said they were unable to inquire  through the booking hotline 12306, because it is almost always busy.
The China Railway Customer Service Center Website suggested that the online banks didn't return the payment information to the online booking system because of network problems.
The online railway booking service was made by the Ministry of Railways on Dec. 21, in order that people can easily buy train tickets during the Spring Festival.
The question is: What happened to the train tickets buyers after paying the money?
The possible answers are:
A:They didn't join the QQ group.
B:They didn't search the Internet.
C:They didn't find the order number.
D:They didn't get their tickets.Space vegetables are grown from seeds   that have been taken to space and brought back to the earth. The seeds are affected by the radiation   and low gravity in space. When they are brought back to the earth, these seeds produce vegetables that are bigger and healthier than normal vegetables. However, some people worry about eating space vegetables. They think that space vegetables might not be good for us and could make us get sick because of the radiation in space. However, people should not be frightened because space vegetables are very healthy.
Here are some facts that you should know about space vegetables.
Space vegetables are grown from seeds that are carefully chosen. When seeds are brought back from space, they are tested to make sure that they will be safe to eat.
Space vegetables are better for you than normal vegetables. For example, space tomatoes stay fresh for twenty days, which is one week longer than normal tomatoes.
After genetically modified   food appeared in the market, people worried that they were eating unknown things. For example, if nut genes   are put inside potatoes, people allergic   to nuts might get sick from eating these potatoes because they do not know they are also eating nuts. Unlike genetically modified food, space vegetables have not been genetically changed. This means that no new genes are put into the vegetables. Therefore, there are no dangers of eating something unknown.
The question is: According to the passage, normal tomatoes can stay fresh for about   _   days.
The possible answers are:
A:seven
B:thirteen
C:twenty
D:twenty-sevenA science fiction flying car looks like a normal car, but it is an aircraft   that anybody can fly directly from any place to another without using roads or runways. Science fiction writers have written about flying cars for a long time. But now flying cars will soon fly out of the world of science fiction into our real world. And the dream of the science fiction writers will soon come true.
The first-known sky car is the FSC-1. The FSC-1 looks like an expensive sports car. You can drive the FSC-1 on the road like a normal car. If you touch a button, its wings and propeller   fold out and then it can take off, fly and land as an airplane. The owners of the FSC-1 can choose if they want to drive or fly.
Another flying car or sky car is the Moller Skycar M400. Although you can't drive it on the roads, it is small and easy to fly and can take off and land like a helicopter  . Urban Aeronautics' X-Hawk is another type of sky car. It is expected to be available for about $3 million.
Just like any new technology, flying cars have taken a long time to be developed. But some experts think the technology is far from what people imagine when they are sitting in traffic. It still needs to be improved.
The question is: Some experts think the technology of flying cars is   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:normal
B:traditional
C:not good enough
D:strangeIf you do not use your arms or your legs for some time, they will become weak, and when you start using them again, they slowly become strong again. Everybody knows that. Yet many people do not seem to know that memory works in the same way.
When someone says that he has a good memory, he really means that he keeps his memory in practice by using it. When someone else says that his memory is poor, he really means that he does not give it enough chance to become strong.
If a friend says that his arms and legs are weak, we know that it is his own fault. But if he tells us that he has a poor memory, many of us think that his parents may be blamed, and few of us know that it is just his own fault  . Have you ever found that some people can't read or write but usually they have better memories? This is because they cannot read or write and when they have to remember things, they cannot write them down in a small notebook. As a result, they have to remember days, names, songs and stories, so their memory is being exercised the whole time.
So if you want to have a good memory, learn from the people: practice remembering things in a way as other people do.
The question is: Which of the following statements is true?
The possible answers are:
A:Your memory needs chance for practice.
B:A good memory is inherited  from parents.
C:Your memory works in the different ways as your arms or legs.
D:Don't learn to read and write if you want to have a good memory.You may get a cold sometimes. It often starts with a sore throat. You sneeze   and your nose runs. You usually have a headache, too. Often you have a cough later. It's not a serious illness, but you may feel quite bad.
 _ For example, you can take aspirin   to get rid of   your headache. It is good to rest and drink a lot of water, too. A doctor once told me, "With the right medicine, the cold will last for seven days. With no medicine, it will go on for a week!"
Where does our medicine come from? A long time ago, people knew that some plants made them feel better. For example, the juice of lemons   makes a sore throat better. Now, scientists find some parts of plants can make some medicine. Because of these medicines, people now live longer than their grandparents.
The question is: Which of the following sentences is TRUE?
The possible answers are:
A:Taking aspirin can get rid of the cold.
B:All the plants can be made into medicine.
C:Scientists have found a cure for cold.
D:Some parts of plants may make people feel better.When do you think of a forest, what do you see? Just trees? Or do you see many other things, such as singing birds, colorful plants and wild flowers?
The forest is a whole world of its own. It is full of many different living things . But even though they are all different, they have one thing in common: they all need each other in order to live on .The trees feed the forest "people" by making food in their leaves; by using sunlight to join water and minerals  from the soil and air. Their deep network of roots joins the soil together and stops it from dying out, making it possible for living things to live in it.
Human beings  are like the living things in the forest. We need one another in order to live. We need the farmers to grow our food, railroad and truck drivers to bring it to our shops and clerks  to sell it to us. We need people to prepare our food and cook it and others to take our waste things away. Then, of course, we need doctors, nurses, government leaders, mailmen, telephone operators, and many others.
We also need other human beings in another way. We need people for friendship, to talk over our problems, exchange ideas. Think how lonely and unhappy you would be if you lived all alone.
Life is a matter of giving and taking. We need to help other people as much as we need other people to help us. Think what a good feeling you have when you have done something for someone else. You know, being a volunteer is so great!
,.
The question is: How do the water and minerals join from the soil and air?.
The possible answers are:
A:By using sunlight
B:By making food
C:By the deep network of roots
D:By working togetherEnglish Students' Education
English schools begin in September after a long summer holiday. There are two terms in a school year. The first term is from September to January, and the second term is from February to June. Most English children begin to go to school when they are five years old. When they finish high school, they are seventeen or eighteen years old.
High school students take only five or six subjects each term. They usually go the the same class every day, and they have homework for every class. After class, they do a lot of interesting things. After high school, many students go to college1. They usually have to pay a lot of money. So they have to work after class to get money for their studies.
Notes:1. go to college
The question is: In England, summer holidays begin in  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:September
B:January
C:June
D:JulyI go to work at ten o'clock every night. When I ride a bike to my office, I talk with other doctors. Then I go to help all the sick people. Some nights are very quiet, but some nights are really busy, especially on weekends. On busy nights, I even have to help other doctors.
I can go home at six o'clock every morning. On my way home, I can see only a few people on the street. When I get home, I eat breakfast with my family first. Then, I read newspapers. That's my habit. I can get some news from the newspapers. After that, I go to bed. My job isn't easy, but I like _ a lot because I can help people.
,.
The question is: The writer has breakfast with   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:the sick people
B:his workmates
C:his family
D:his friendsAnne is thirteen years old. She has long hair and black eyes. She is tall. She is a student at Beijing Sunshine Secondary School. She loves listening to music and dancing. She studies hard. She does well in English. But she doesn't like doing sports.
Anne has a cousin. His name is Daniel. He is tall and he has short black hair. He is a student at Beijing Sunshine Secondary School,too. He and Anne are in the same  class. He isn't good at English,but he does well in Maths. He doesn't like listening to music. He likes playing basketball. His favourite basketball player is Michael Jordan. He thinks Jordan plays basketball very well. He says he wants to be a basketball player like Michael Jordan some day.
The question is: Daniel hopes to be a   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:volleyball player
B:football player
C:badminton player
D:basketball playerDo you like to listen to music when you feel sad? Do you like to sing songs in the shower? Music is everywhere. But in many countries, music classes in schools are _ .
These days, because of the bad economy   in the US, some schools fired   arts teachers including   music teachers. Some students don't have the chance to learn music. In China, there are no exams for music. So many students choose to make use of their time and study subjects like science, math and history.
But do you know that learning music helps children grow?
"Playing music is like doing different things all together", said Gottfried Schlaug at Harvard Medical School. For example, when playing the piano, people see the music notes. And they decode   them. At the same time, they use their fingers to make sounds. You do all these things at the same time.
Scientists say that music helps with science too. Einstein played the violin. And German physicist   Max Planck was talented in playing the piano.
Music is also a very valuable thing. It makes you interested in things, and it makes you happy, according to US National Science Foundation.
The question is: What instrument  could Einstein play?
The possible answers are:
A:piano
B:guitar
C:violin
D:SaxophoneAll students need to have good study habits.When you have good study habits,you can learn things quickly.You also remember them easily.
Do you like to study in the living-room?This is not a good place because it is usually too noisy.You need to study in a quiet place,like your bedroom.A quiet place will help you only think about one thing,and you will learn better.
Before you begin to study,do not forget to clean your desk.A good desk light is important,too. You are feeling tired easily if there is not enough  light.
.
The question is: You should remember to   _   before you study.
The possible answers are:
A:tidy the room
B:clean the desk
C:turn on the light
D:turn off the lightMuseum of Transport at Boylet St , Cheetham, Manchester
Enjoy a trip to the Museum of Transport, a working museum showing the development   of road public transport in Manchester. There are over 80 buses from 1890 to 1980. Over 100 shows, from hours-bus to modern train. The museum has small shows describing the history of bus, coach and train. If you are interested in it, welcome to click here and you can see some pictures of them on the screen and get more information about them.
Opening hours and ticket prices
Wednesdays, Saturdays, Sundays, and public holidays
9:00 a.m. ~ 4:00 p.m. (Nov. ~ Feb. )
10:00 a.m. ~ 5:00 p.m. (Mar. ~ Oct.)
Adults $3. 00, Students $1.75, Children under 5 free.
Family ticket ( up to two adults and three children) $ 9.00
E-mail : www. gmts. co. uk
The question is: If you and your elder brother are both middle school students, your parents take both of you to visit the museum, you should pay at least   _   in all.
The possible answers are:
A:$6
B:$9
C:$9.5
D:$12One day, a little boy comes into a shop and says to the shop worker, "I want to buy twelve exercise books of 6 cents each and nine pencils of 10 cents each. How much is that altogether ?"
The shop worker writes these numbers down on a piece of paper and thinks for a minute. Then she says, "1 dollars 62 cents." "If I give you ten dollars, how much money will I get back?" "You will get 8 dollars 38 cents for _ Here you are. These are the things you want."
"No, thank you. I don't want to buy anything." The boy looks at the piece of paper and says politely, "This is my math homework. Thank you. Can I take it away?"
The question is: The little boy is  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:bad but strong
B:difficult but friendly
C:stupid  but kind
D:naughty  but cleverOne day Mrs.Jones goes shopping.When her husband comes home in the evening,she begins to tell him about a beautiful cotton dress."I see it in a shop this morning,"she says.
"And--and you want to buy it."says her husband,"How much does it cost?"
"Forty pounds."
"Forty pounds for a cotton dress?  That's too much!"
But every evening,when  Mr.Jones comes back from work,his wife continues to say only about the dress,and at last, after a week,he says"Oh,buy the dress.Here's the money!"She is happy.
But the next evening,when Mr.Jones comes home and asks,"Do you buy the famous dress?--'No,"she says.
"Why not?"he asks.
"Well,"Mrs.Jones says,"it is still in the window of the shop after a week,I think nobody else wants this dress,so I don't want it,either."
The question is: In the end, Mrs Jones
The possible answers are:
A:is happy to get the dress
B:doesn't buy the dress
C:is angry with her husband
D:doesn't get the money to buy the dressMany teenagers  feel that the most important people in their lives are their friends. They believe that their family members don't know them as well as their friends do. In large families, it's quite often for brothers and sisters to fight with (...)each other and then they can only go to their friends for some ideas. It is very important for teenagers to have one good friend or a group of friends in their lives.
Even when they are not with their friends, they usually spend a lot of time talking among(......) them on the phone. This communication is very important in children's growing up, because friends can discuss  something. These things are difficult to say to their family members in fact.
However, parents often try to choose their children's friends for them. Some parents even stop their children from meeting their good friends. Have you ever thought of the following questions?
Who choose your friends?  Do you choose your friends or your friends choose you? Have you got a good friend your parents don't like? Your answers are welcome.
Choose the best answers:(. )
The question is: When teenagers have something difficult to say to their parents, they usually  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:stay alone at home
B:fight with their parents
C:discuss it with their friends
D:go to their brothers and sisters for helpNews Review
Head- on Train Crash  On May 18, two trains had a head-on crash near New York City. Over 250 people were on the trains then. About 60people were hurt, but no deaths were reported.
Travel Time  Tourists came together to the Taishan Mountain, on May1. Over 180,000tourists
visited the place of great interest from April 29 to May 1, during the three-day holiday.
Brave Volunteer   Liao Zhi , a dance teacher from Chengdu who lost her 1-year-old daughter and her legs in the 2008 Wenchuan earthquake, arrived in Ya'an 13 hours after the earthquake. The dancer said she had had a terrible time herself and knew what people needed most, so she decided to come and offer help.
Tomato Competition   A tomato competition was held in Huainan, Anhui Province, on April
16. The best tomatoes were chosen according to their shape, color and taste. The competition hoped to encourage the farmers to grow better tomatoes.
The question is: A lot of people visited the Taishan Mountain  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:13 hours after the earthquake
B:on May 18
C:during the May Day holiday
D:on April 16A doctor was once teaching a class of medical students at a famous hospital in Edinburgh. An injured man was brought in, and the doctor turned to one of his students and asked him, "What's wrong with this man?"
"I don't know, sir," the student answered. "Shall I examine him and find out?""There's no need to examine him," said the doctor. "You should know without asking questions. He has hurt his right knee. Didn't you notice the way he walked? He hurt it by burning it in the fire. You see his trouser leg is burnt away at the knee. This is Monday morning. Yesterday was fine, but on Saturday the roads were wet and muddy. The man's trousers are muddy all over. The man fell down on Saturday night."
The doctor then turned to the man and said, "You had your pay on Saturday and went to a public house and drank too much. You got muddy and wet on the way home. Because you had drunk too much, you fell on the fire and burnt your knee. Is it right? " "Yes, sir," said the man.
The question is: From the passage we know that   _   is very important for medical students.
The possible answers are:
A:watching and thinking
B:taking good care of others
C:learning from others
D:teachingPlayers Wanted
Are you good at playing basketball? Can you play ping-pong or soccer? Can you swim very well? If so, you are welcome to join our school sports team. Please call Victor at 8863543 or send an email to sports@ yahoo.com.
Dancers Wanted
Can you dance? Do you like kids? Can you help them with dancing on weekends? Come and join us. Call Tom at 3854922 for more information.
Chess Club
Do you like playing chess? Mr. Wang can teach you. He gives lessons here every Friday afternoon.Tel: 8358939 .Add: Room 102 in School's P. E. Building.
Let's Learn Japanese
Can you speak Japanese? Do you want to learn Japanese? Join the Japanese club now. Time: 2:00 p.m. -5:00 p.m.( from Monday to Friday ) Call Mary at 6253928.
The question is: Betty speaks Japanese. She wants to work from Monday to Friday. Where can she work?
The possible answers are:
A:At the Japanese club.
B:At the dance club.
C:In school's P.E. Building.
D:at the chess clubAsia is home to more than half of the world's population and three of the four most crowded countries are in Asia. China, India, and Indonesia alone have more than 2.5 billion people.
Until recently, most Asian nations fell behind the western countries in many fields. Government reform , however, has led to important progress in each of these Asian countries. Across the area, education systems have been improved and economies  have been growing. Most Asian countries now have a system of compulsory  education. Many countries have recently allowed private universities to be built, which was not allowed before. There are more chances for students to go to university now.
However, in Asia, there are still not enough chances for students to get higher education and many people prefer to go abroad for further study. As a result, India, China, South Korea, Japan and other Asian countries send thousands of students to study in the United States and Europe each year.
Part of the people in Asian countries can speak English, and English has become the most important language for business across the area. The percentage  is the largest in Japan, Singapore, the Philippines, SriLanka and South Korea. Many people in China, India and Malaysia can also speak English. Some countries have made English part of the primary and secondary education program. In some countries, children begin to study English even at the age of 4 or 5.
The question is: The population of Asia is about  _           .
The possible answers are:
A:2.5 billion
B:half of the world's population
C:1.3 billion
D:6 billionLamu was a 12-year-old Tibetan girl. She wanted to go to Beijing to watch the 2008 Olympics. Only one month ago, Lamu still thought it would be difficult.
In the past Tibet had no railroad  . If Lamu took a bus, it would take her a long time to reach Beijing. And a plane ticket would cost lots of money.
However, things changed for Lamu. She was able to buy a ticket to the world's highest railroad. The Qinghai-Tibet Railway had been completed! The 1,142-kilometer railroad runs on the Qinghai-Tibet plateau  . Lamu could reach Beijing by train in 48 hours!
About 550 kilometers of the railroad are constructed on the frozen earth  . When the frozen earth warms in summer, it can move the track. But Chinese scientists have built a special structure to solve the problem. The Qinghai-Tibet Railway has been designed with the wild animals in the designers' minds. It also has special underpasses   for animals like Tibetan antelopes   to go through.
"The new railroad greatly helps Tibet's tourism,"said Liu Yueqin, an expert at the Chinese Academy of Social Sciences  .
As more tourists take trains to Tibet, there are more money for Tibetans. With the money, more kids can go to school.
The railroad also makes things less expensive in Tibet. Now one can buy a TV set for about 1,500 yuan. It used to be much higher than that price. When there was no railroad, it had been difficult to send things in and out of Tibet. With the new railroad, shopping can be more convenient   and faster.
The question is: The special underpasses are   _   to go through.
The possible answers are:
A:only for Tibet's antelopes
B:for Tibet's tourism
C:for animals
D:for TibetansJim suffered heart problems. In conversation he expressed little joy and it seemed that his life was drawing to a close.
When his heart problems led to operation, Jim went through it successfully, and a full recovery was expected. Within days, however, his heart was not beating properly. Jim was rushed back to operation, but nothing was found to explain the cause of his illness. He died on the operating table on the day before his 48th birthday.
Dr. Bruce Smoller, a psychologist  , had had many conversations with him, and the more he learned, the stranger he realized Jim's case was. When Jim was a child, his father, a teacher, suffered a heart attack and stayed home to recover. One morning Jim asked his father to look over his homework, promising to come home from school at noon to pick it up. His father agreed, but when Jim returned his father had died. Jim's father was 48.
"I think all his life Jim believed he killed his father," Dr. Smoller says. "He felt that if he had not asked him to look at his homework, his father would have lived. Jim had been troubled by the idea. The operation was the trial   he had expected for forty years. " Smoller believes that Jim willed himself not to live to the age of 48.
Jim's case shows the powerful role that attitude   plays in physical health, and that childhood experiences produce far-reaching effect on the health of grown-ups. Although most cases are less direct than Jim's, studies show that childhood events, besides genes, may well cause such midlife diseases as cancer, heart disease and mental illness.
The question is: What made Dr. Smoller feel strange about Jim's case?
The possible answers are:
A:Jim died at a young age.
B:Jim died on the operating table.
C:Both Jim and his father died of the same disease.
D:Jim's death is closely connected with his father's.8.1-Magnitude  Quake Hits Central Nepal
Nepal is suffering from the disaster brought by a magnitude 8.1 earthquake that struck on Saturday. Nepal's Interior Ministry has said that the death toll from the quake has climbed to 1,931 . And more than 4,700 people are injured.
Nepal's military predicts the death toll may climb to as high as 5,000. The Chinese embassy in Nepal has said that four Chinese were killed, with five severely injured.
The initial  magnitude-eight-point-one quake struck 80 kilometers east of Pokhara on Saturday afternoon. It was followed by a huge aftershock, measuring seven-point-zero. As for Sunday, two big aftershocks have been recorded in the morning, with the latest in the afternoon with a magnitude of 7.1.
This is the most powerful earthquake to have hit Nepal in over 80 years. The tremor  was felt by more than 4.6 million people across South and East Asia.
Search and rescue efforts are underway for survivors buried under the rubble  and flattened  buildings, but efforts are influenced by rain and aftershocks. Nepal national television is reporting that 90 percent of historical structures in Kathmandu Valley were destroyed in the earthquake.
The question is: How many aftershocks are mentioned in this passage?
The possible answers are:
A:2
B:3
C:4
D:5John sent for a doctor because his wife was ill. He called the doctor and made sure they would meet at five. He arrived at the doctor's at twenty to five. He thought, "It's a little bit earlier. I'll wait for a moment. It's good to keep the time."
Then he stopped his car in front of the doctor's. He looked around and saw a noisy square not far from here. He went there and sat down on a chair to enjoy the last light of afternoon sun and make himself quiet. He saw some children playing and some women talking to each other happily.
Suddenly he heard a girl crying. He came up to her and asked some questions. Then he knew she got lost. John tried to find out her address and took her home. The girl's parents were very thankful.
Then John hurried to the doctor's. The doctor said angrily when he saw him, "You're late. Why did you keep me waiting for twenty minutes? " John said nothing but one word--"Sorry! "
The question is: From the story, we know John is a   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:busy person
B:quiet person
C:helpful person
D:lucky personFor 99% of human history, people took their food from the world around them. They ate all that they could find, and then moved on. Then around 10,000 years ago, about 1% of human history, people learned to farm the land.
The kind of food we eat depends on which part of the world we live in, or which part of our country we live in. For example, in the south of China they eat rice, but in the north they eat noodles. In European countries near the sea, people eat a lot of fish. In central Europe, away from the sea, people don't eat so much fish, but they eat more meat. For example, in Germany and Poland, there are hundreds of different kinds of sausages.
In North America, Australia, and Europe, people eat with knives and forks. In China, people eat with chopsticks. In parts of India and the Middle East, people use their fingers to pick up food.
Nowadays it is possible to transport food easily from one part of the world to another. We can eat whatever we like, at any time of the year. In Britain, bananas come from Africa; rice comes from India or the U.S.A.; strawberries come from Chile or Spain. Food is a very big business. But people in poor countries are still hungry while people in rich countries eat too much.
The question is: 10,000 years ago, people   _   .
The possible answers are:
A:learned to farm the land
B:cooked different kinds of food
C:couldn't find food around them
D:transported food from one country to anotherShare Flat   Happy Village big flat, 1 room ready for use immediately, with all necessary furniture and appliances. 3 minutes' walk to underground station, 2 blocks from shopping center, park view, $2100 including bills, female nonsmoker, no pet.
Sara 25720836 or 10077809Moving Sale   2 armchairs, red/brown at $400 each; coffee table, black, wood, $800; oil painting, big, $900; Tianjin carpet, green, 3*7, $600; double bed, $500; mirror, big, square, $500; fridge, big double-door, $1000; old pictures, $140 each.
Mr. Brown, Tel Weekend, 25216011, Weekday, 25245867
Part-time   Lab Assistant Wanted   Required by busy electronics company to help with development of computer, should have an electronic degree and some experience of working in an electronic lab. Hours 9:00am--1:00pm, Monday - Friday
Salary 6,598 - 10,230   dependent on experience
Letter of application to  Mrs. G Chan NOVA ELECTRONICS, 45 Shanxi RD, Shanghai
The question is: Mr. Brown wants to sell these things because  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:they are too old or broken
B:he has bought many new things.
C:he is moving to a new place
D:he doesn't have enough money.Like many people, I have no clear idea about heroes. At some point, we all wonder if we need a hero and what a hero really is.
Although there are a lot of differences in cultures, heroes around the world generally share a number of characteristics   which give us courage and make us want to learn from them.
A hero does something worth talking about. A hero has a special story to tell and people think highly of it. But a hero is not just the person with great fame   .
A hero has powers   larger than himself. Some people want to live like a hero, and they have to experience life with new and further meaning. A sure test for would-be heroes is what or whom they serve. What do they want to live and die for? If the answer suggests they serve only their own fame, they may be famous persons but not heroes.
A hero has a _ from the mountaintop. He has the power to move people. He creates new possibilities. Without Gandhi, India might still be part of Britain. Without Martin Luther King, Jr., Americans might take different buses, eat in different restaurants, go for walks in different parks, and shop in different stores because of the different colors of their skin.
There might be changes in society without a hero, but the speed of change would be rather slow. Thanks to heroes in history, they make the society develop so rapidly.
The question is: What can we learn from the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:We don't need heroes anymore at some point now.
B:Heroes are all the same though different in cultures.
C:People get power from heroes to move to a new place.
D:Our society has developed faster because of heroes in history."Who needs a shopping mall if you have Taobao?" says Wang Lin, 28, a writer in Beijing.
Taobao, China's largest online shopping site, is becoming an important part of Wang Lin's life. She spends a lot of money on Taobao.
Many Chinese internet users like Wang Lin find the happiness of online shopping. Most online shoppers are students or young workers. More women shop on line than men. Clothing and home-use things are the most popular on line.
It was reported that Chinese people spent more than 250 billion  yuan on line shopping last year, 80% in Taobao.
Taobao means "looking for good" in Chinese. People can find almost everything they need on Taobao, from clothes to books, from toys to DVD players.
You may worry about the security of online shopping, Wang Lin said, "It's very safe. If you don't get the things from the sellers or are not satisfied  with them, the shop owner will not get the money. You can also get your money back if you don't want them.
The question is: Taobao is   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:a shopping mall
B:an online shopper
C:an online shopping site
D:a gameIt' s Sunday morning. There are many people in the park, some boys are playing basketball. There are some girls under a big tree. They' re singing and dancing. What are those women doing? They are drinking tea. Look at the woman in a blue coat.  Who' s she?  She' s my mother. She is talking to Edward. Edward is her student. He is a good student. He studies hard . He' s good at all the subjects. And he' s friendly to all his teachers and his friends.
The question is: My mother' s coat is  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:blue
B:white
C:red
D:yellow"Yangzhou is wonderful! The teahouse is a popular place for local people to treat their important visitors..."This poem of the Qing Dynasty describes the comfortable life of living in Yangzhou. In Yangzhou, various snacks and refreshments  make each morning a pleasant one.
For many years, Yangzhou snakes and refreshments have been well known for their great variety with different fillings and elegant shape. By the Ming and Qing Dynasties, Yangzhou city was praised as "a place whose pastry  shops were the finest under heaven". Listening to A Hundred Tunes while Enjoying the View of Jiangnan talks of Huaiyang snacks, "Huaiyang snacks and refreshments are known for a perfect mixture of freshness and sweetness. Huaiyang snacks in Yangzhou won high praise from both at home and abroad.
Among the famous masters making Huaiyang snacks and desserts during the middle of the Qing Dynasty, the most _ was Beauty Shaw in Yizheng country. The snacks she made were said to be as valuable as gold. Yuan Mei, a famous Qing-dynasty writer , wrote in his book The Menu of Sui Garden: "Outside the south gate of Yizheng country lives Beauty Shaw, who is an expert in making snacks and desserts." She is also regarded as one of the top ten masters of ancient China. Yin Changshan, Zhang Guangqing, Dong De'an, Chen Ende and many others are reputed as modern masters. Take Chen Ende for example. He mixed his idea with the traditional cooking skills and recreated the snacks in the Red Mansion Banquet style, which is designed to present the theme and background of A Dream of the Red Mansions .These masters have been abroad many times to show their skills in making Huaiyang-style pastry. With their efforts, Huaiyang-style pastry has become popular at high speed and is showing its charm to the world. The pastry of Fuchun Teahouse is the most outstanding one.
The question is: Which of the statements is true according to the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:Yangzhou snacks were famous for their great variety and elegant shape
B:Huaiyang snacks in Yangzhou won high praise only from China.
C:Beauty Shaw is considered as one of the top ten masters of modern China.
D:These masters have been abroad to show their skills to earn much money.Li Na, who is a famous and wonderful tennis player, was born on February 26th , 1982 in Wuhan. She began to practice tennis at the age of 6, but read the following news:
BEIJING--- China's first and only Grand Slam   winner Li Na formally announced her retirement on Friday, leaving the Chinese tennis yearning for the next superstar.
Following is part of her farewell and retirement letters:
2014 has become one of the most significant years in my career and my life. This year was full of amazing events, which included winning my second Grand Slam singles title at the Australian Open and sharing the extraordinary   experience with my country, my team, my husband and my fans. It was also a year filled with difficult moments, such as having to deal with the inevitable  ----making the decision to end my professional tennis career.
The breaking news lift her fans surprised, especially as it comes on the day when the Asian Games open in Incheon, South Korea, and the Wuhan Open debuts  in Li's hometown.
"I know Li Na went to Shanghai and Germany in summer to have her knees treated. But I know nothing about whether she is retiring," said Ma Keqin, chief of Hubei Tennis Sport Management Center, a government-backed body in Li's hometown that pays her salary.
"I felt sorry for her when she withdraw from the US Open. She must have withdrawn from the tournament because her injuries were serious. I know her well. She's been tough since childhood. She will not quit unless there is no alternative," said Xia Xiyao, Li's coach in the 1990s."
Li became an icon  for Chinese sports after she won the 2011 French Open, the first Asian to win a Grand Slam singles title.
The question is: Li Na went to Shanghai and Germany in summer to   _   .
The possible answers are:
A:take part in the Australian Open
B:make the decision to end her professional tennis career
C:take part in the Asian Games Open
D:have her knees treatedWhat will the weather be like? Some people say they can know what the weather will be like from birds. When they see birds fly high out to the sea, they know it is a nice day, because birds don't like to fly out if it rains. When the weather is bad, the birds will come back to the beach. A big wind may come with a rain. Birds do not like to fly in a big wind. They may sit in a tree when rain is coming. Other animals can also _ the weather. It is a cloudy day. The rain is coming. Chickens are not quiet, and they are running here and there. Frogs are making big noise in the pool. If it is a nice day, the frogs will come out of the water.
The question is: We can go and play beach volleyball when birds   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:come back
B:fly high in the sky
C:play on the beach
D:B and CBamboo is a giant grass that grows in warm places. It has many uses. Everything--from chairs and fishing rods to basket and paper can be made from it. And that's not all. It can be eaten, too. People in China like bamboo shoots very much. They think the bamboo shoots are a delicious vegetable for parties and meals.
In many parts of Asia, bamboo shoots are a favorite food. The winter shoots are the best because they are soft, with a white and green color. Usually they are boiled in water with some salt. Spring shoots are darker and harder, so they take longer to cook. But they are cheaper than winter shoots.
Fresh bamboo shoots are seldom found outside bamboos' hometown. But people in other places can buy bamboo shoots, too. These shoots are kept in bottles and cans. They need no cooking and are almost as good as fresh bamboo shoots.
The question is: Fresh bamboo shoots are easily found in  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:Asia
B:Europe
C:America
D:AustraliaMy mother is a teacher. On weekdays, she gives lessons at school and on Saturdays she works in clubs. On Sundays, she is still busy.
On Sunday morning, mum gets up at six. She cooks breakfast for us first. And then it's time for cleaning. After that, she has breakfast with father and me. At 9, she goes to buy food for lunch in the supermarket. She can have a short rest after lunch. In the afternoon, mum doesn't go out. She helps me with my lessons. She does some reading, too.
Mother watches TV at about 7 when she finishes   the housework. But at that time she is always tired and falls asleep   in the sofa sometimes.
The question is: Mother usually  _  first after she gets up.
The possible answers are:
A:does some cleaning
B:has breakfast
C:wakes father and me up
D:cooks breakfastIf babies are given more love and feelings by their mothers, they will deal better with stress and anxiety when they grow up , research has shown.
The study of eight-month-old children shows even the very earliest life experiences can influence our happiness.
Lots of mother love makes children form a safe bond with their mothers , so they are able to feel safe in relationships when they grow up ,and they will have better social skills and deal with life's difficulties.
The researchers,  led by Dr.Joanna Maselko of Duke University in North Carolina,  studied the relationships of 482 eight--month - old  babies with their mothers during daily development.
They studied how well the mother had dealt with her child's developmental text and how she had responded child's performance.Mental health was then assessed when the babies had grown up - at the average of 34.
The more feelings and attention a mother gave to her child, the better her child would be. This kind of child had the lowest levels of anxiety, hostility and general difficulties.
The question is: What should many mothers do?
The possible answers are:
A:They should let children do things by themselves.
B:They should give a safe life to their children.
C:They should give more love to their children.
D:They should teach their children how to deal with other people.A boy who was cleaning shoes in the street said to a young man, "Let me clean your shoes." The young man said, "No, thank you." "You may pay  me only one dollar for them." Said the boy. But the young man refused  again.
And then the boy told the young man that he would clean his shoes for nothing. The young man            agreed to his, and soon one of his shoes became as clean as a new one. The man gave the other shoe to the boy, but the boy refused to clean it because he wanted the man to pay two dollars for his work. The young man refused to pay anything and went away.
But the dirty shoe looked so bad that he couldn't walk away. He had to turn back and gave the boy two dollars. In a very short time the other shoe became clean.
The question is: At first the young man refused to let the boy clean his shoes, because  _
The possible answers are:
A:he was very busy
B:he didn't want to pay
C:he didn't have enough money
D:he had cleaned his shoesIf you're into sports , you 've seen it happen -----tennis players jump over the net to shake hands after a hard match ;football players exchange jerseys   after 90 minutes of knocking each other around ;even boxer touch gloves at the beginning of each round .Players in every event ,from spelling _ to golf  ,act in this way .It's all parts of sportsmanship , A great tradition  in sports and competition .It means playing and being calm all through the match .
Everyone feels great when they win .In the last few years ,your may see some players celebrate a goal with a long dance .However , it's always hard for people to say in public that they made a bad play .Good sportsmanship is what they really need .It's the golden rule of sports .
Good sportsmanship means that you play by the rules ,talk politely to every during games and stay cool even when you lose the game .At the school sports meet, for example , it's more important for you to know how to work as part of a team and cheer your team on .hey may help you enjoy more success at your future work .In competition---as us in life--you may not always win ,but believe me ,sportsmanship will help you get through , and there is always the next match .
The question is: What match do you know will last 90 minutes ?
The possible answers are:
A:Tennis
B:Football
C:Golf
D:SpellingIn most parts of the world, many students help their school make less pollution. They join in "environment clubs". In an environment club, people work together to make our environment clean.
Here are things students often do:
Turn off the water! Do you know that some toilets can waste twenty to
forty tons of water an hour? In a year, that would fill a small water! In environment clubs, students mend those broken toilets.
No-car day. On a no-car day, nobody comes to school in a car-not the students and not the teachers. Cars give pollution to our air, so remember: walk, jump, bike or run.
Use your legs! It's lots of fun!
No-garbage  lunches. How much do you throw away after lunch?
Environment clubs ask students to bring their lunches in bags that can be used
again. Every week they will choose the classes that make the least garbage
and report them to the whole school.
We love our environment! Let's work together to make it clean!
The question is: From the passage we know that students usually have lunch  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:at school
B:in clubs
C:at home
D:in shopsNow the VOA Special English program Words and Their Stories.
( MUSIC)
Many everyday American expressions are based on colors.
Red is a hot color. Americans often use it to express heat. When they are red-hot, they are very angry about something. Fast loud music is popular with many people. They may say such music is red-hot.
Pink is a lighter kind of red. People sometimes say they are in the pink when they are in good health. The expression was first used in America at the beginning of the 20thcentury. It probably comes from the fact that many babies are born with a nice pink color that shows that they are in good health.
Blue is a cool color. The blues music in the United States is the opposite of red-hot music. Blues is slow and sad. Someone who is blue is very sad.
The color green is natural for trees and grass. But it is an unnatural color for humans. A person who has a sick feeling in the stomach may say he feels a little green. A passenger on a boat who is feeling very sick from high waves may look very green. Sometimes a person may be _ because he does not have something as nice as a friend has, like a fast new car. That person may say he is green with envy. Some people are green with envy because a friend has more dollars or greenbacks. Dollars are called greenbacks because that is the color of the back of the paper money.
The color black is used often in expressions. People describe a day on which everything goes wrong as a black day.
(MUSIC)
I'm Warren Scheer. Listen again next week for another Words and Their Stories program in Special English on the Voice of America.
The question is: Which of the following sentences is TRUE according to the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:People in the USA use black to express heat.
B:If you are blue, you are very happy.
C:Green is a natural color for humans.
D:If you have a sick feeling in the stomach, you feel a little green.Once upon a time, there was a farmer called Da Niu. One day he was walking in the forest and found a bird. The bird's was hurt and it cried. Da Niu picked it up and took it home. He looked after it carefully every day. The bird got well soon.
One morning Da Niu enjoyed the sunshine next to the wall. The bird took his hat and flew away. Da Niu was very _ and ran after it. He shouted , "What a bad bird you are!"
Suddenly he heard a big noise from his back. The wall he sat next to just now. fell down .
The question is: How did Da Niu treat the bird when it was hurt?
The possible answers are:
A:He looked after it carefully.
B:He ran after it.
C:He shouted to it.
D:He was angry with it."What's the name of our neighbor? I can't remember right now. " Have you ever heard your grandparents ask questions like this sometimes? Usually, we think that older people's memory becomes bad because their brains get weak. But now a team of scientists at the University of Tubingen in Germany has a new idea.[
"The human brain works slower in old age," says Michael Ramscar, the lead scientist. "But only because they have stored more information overtime. "
The findings are based on a series of computer simulations of learning and memory. Scientists let the computers read a certain amount of words and learn new things each day. When the computer "reads" only so much, its performance on cognitive tests is similar of a young adult. But if the computer learns the experiences we might encounter over a lifetime, its performance is similar to that of an older adult.
Often it is slower, but not because its processing capacity has declined. Rather, increased "experience" has caused the computer's database to grow, giving it more data to process-which takes time. This is similar to old people. Imagine a person knows two people's birthdays. Another person knows the birthdays of 2000 people, but can only match the right person to the right birthday nine times out of 10. Can you say the first person has a better memory than the second person?
The question is: What would be the best title for the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:Do old people have a bad memory?
B:Scientists' new findings on brains
C:Human brain's processing capacity
D:Which is better, the old or the young?Today, people want to keep healthy through sports and exercise. But some of them have some wrong ideas about it.
"A plate of chicken is a good meal before games because it has much energy."
In fact, the best meal before games should have carbohydrates . Food like potatoes, bread, bananas are rich (......) in it, but chicken and meat are not.
"The best time to exercise is early in the morning."
No. Morning is a good time to exercise, but it may not be suitable for you. If an afternoon or evening period is suitable for you, and you enjoy the feeling of getting healthier, you can choose any time to exercise. So there is no _ time for you to exercise.
"If you drink water when you exercise, you'll feel tired."
The fact is that you must have some water during breaks   when you exercise. And after exercising, you must have enough water. If you don't drink enough water, then you may feel tired.
"Exercising every day is quite important."
Wrong. Too much exercise is bad for our health. You need to give your body a day of rest.
The question is: Which of the following will be the best title  ?
The possible answers are:
A:Results   of sports and exercise.
B:Best time for sports and exercise.
C:Reasons for sports and exercise.
D:Wrong ideas about sports and exercise.Mr. Gao lives in a town. When he was twenty-five, his son was born. He calls him Gao Ling. The little boy is clever. He and his wife love him very much. It's September 1st today. A new school year begins. Gao Ling is happy and
wears his most beautiful clothes. He's going to school with his new bag. "Let me take you to school, dear." said
Mrs. Gao. "Thank you, Mummy," said the boy. "The school is not far from here.I can go there myself." At school a
teacher met the little boy and asked, "What's your name, my little friend?" "Gao Ling, sir." answered the boy.
"How old are you?" "Six, sir." "What's your father's name?" "Gao Daling, sir." "How old is he?" "He is six, too,
sir." "Oh," the teacher said in surprise. "Is he as old as you?" Yes, sir," said the boy. "He became a father only on
the day when I was born."
The question is: Mr. and Mrs. Gao love their son because  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:the boy is clever
B:he likes to go to school
C:he can go to school himself
D:he can answer their questionHave you ever wanted to stop eating something sweet but you just couldn't ?Is the first thing you do wehn you get home from schol to look in the biscuit tin ?Can you eat a huge bar of chocolate all by yourself ?Can you say "no"to sweets at parties ?If you can't ,thenn there is a reason ...perhapos you are a sugar addict !Does that sound funny ?Well ,doctors say that people who eat sweets regularly can easily becoame addicted to sugar .What's more ,most sugar addicts don't even realize that they are addicted !Sugar addiction is serious becauase it can really _ your health .doctors say that we should eat food which is healthy such as fresh fruits and vegetables,and that we shouldn't eat a lot of sugar ,fat or fast food .But sugar addicts can't follow this advice .They know they must stop eating sweet food,bu htey can't .
So what can you do if you think you are ddced o he taste of sugar?Well here is some advice :
Eat some fresh fruits when you really want something sweet to eat .
Cut down  son sweet foo lowly .Don't try to stp eating it at once
You have to tell  your parents ,If they know ,they will help you.
The question is: What's the main idea of the passsage?
The possible answers are:
A:Some advice to stop eating sweet food
B:The importance of having good eating habits .
C:The reasons why people become addicted to sugar .
D:Something about sugar addiction and how to give it up.Visitors to London often eat in restaurants. The owners  and workers in them are all from other countries. The visitors say in these restaurants they don't feel they are in England. Most of English people eat at home as much as they can. Sometimes they themselves will think they are in another country when they are in restaurants. When an Englishman goes out of a restaurant, he may find that he doesn't understand why everything is written in French and Italian.
Most of English people think it is better to eat at home, because it is cheaper. They don't want to spend much money on food and they like cooking at home. They like fast food. But for Christmas, they will spend two or three weeks getting ready for it, because they want to have good food.
The question is: Visitors to London often eat in restaurants because  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:they don't like the food at home
B:their homes are not in London
C:it's cheaper
D:restaurants are beautiful placesMiss Evans was going to give a lecture   on Friday afternoon. But on Thursday night she was told that she had to go to an important meeting the next day at the same time. "No one can be in two places at the same time. What shall I do?" she thought. But soon, she had an idea. At five to three on Friday afternoon, Miss Evans went to the lecture room. There were twenty students waiting there for her. "I'm sorry," she told them, "I won't be able to give my lecture today." The students looked surprised. Miss Evans explained  that she had an important meeting. "However," she went on, "though I can't be with you myself, my voice can." Then she put a small tape recorder   on the desk, "You see, I've recorded my lecture and you can listen to it without me." Miss Evans turned on the recorder and left.
The meeting ended a little early. Miss Evans decided to go back to her students. She stood for a moment outside the lecture room, listening to her own voice. Then quickly, she opened the door. To her surprise, the room was empty. As she looked around, she saw a number of small recorders "listening" to her lecture!
"Well," she thought, "If I can be in two places at the same time, why can't they?"
The question is: When she returned from the meeting, Miss Evans found  _  her lecture.
The possible answers are:
A:all her students listening to
B:every student recording
C:her students had left some recorders recording
D:some of her students listening toA crow   is sitting in a big tree. She has a big piece of meat in her mouth, "My babies will have a nice breakfast," she thinks. An old fox is looking for his breakfast. He sees the crow and the meat, " How can I get that piece of meat? " he thinks.
"Good morning, Mrs. Crow," says the fox. " How are you? "
But the crow doesn't say a word.
"You have very nice babies, Mrs. Crow," says the fox. " How are they? May I see them? "
Still the crow doesn't say a word.
"You are very beautiful, Mrs. Crow. And you have a beautiful voice, too," says the fox. " Would you like to sing a song for me? "
Mrs. Crow thinks, "How nice Mr. Fox is! I must sing a song for him. " So she opens her mouth, at that time, Mrs. Crow drops the meat into the fox's mouth.
The question is: When she opens her mouth, the fox  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:gets the meat
B:eats the baby crows
C:climbs the tree
D:catches a bird from the treeA 13-year-old American has made a cheap machine that can help blind people read.
The blind can read by using _ - a system of small bumps   that the blind touch to read the letters. The machine that makes these small bumps usually costs at least $2,000. It is called Braille writer. The American schoolboy, Shubham Banerjee, made a new Braille writer from a Lego tool that lets people create robots. Banerjee has called his new machine the Braigo - a combination   of the words Braille and Lego. It costs just $ 350. It works by changing electronic text into Braille and then printing it using a computer or mobile machine.
Banerjee designed   his Braigo last year for a school science exhibition. Since then, he has caught the interest of Silicon Valley in the USA. The big technology company Intel spent money on Banerjee's machine last November, but they did not say how much money they put in. Banerjee also got $35, 000 from his father to help him start the project. His father works as a computer engineer   at Intel. He spoke about why he gave so much money to his son, saying:"We as parents started to be interested more, thinking that he's on to something and this invention has to continue." Banerjee told the AP News: "My dream would probably be having most of the blind people...using my Braigo."
The question is: Why did Banerjee design his invention?
The possible answers are:
A:He did it as a hobby.
B:Intel told him to do it.
C:He did it for a school science project.
D:He wanted to get money from his father.Hi! My name's Frank. Look! This is my schoolbag. It's black and red. My pens, my ruler and my books are in it. I have 2 pens, they are blue. My ruler is yellow and white. My books are purple and brown. Look! What's this? It's a map. It's red, yellow and green. I like them very much.
The question is: My schoolbag is   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:red and yellow
B:purple and brown
C:black and red
D:yellow and greenTwo people sit down to play Go . One of the players is an old man. He is now 89 years old. He has spent all of his life playing this game. The other person is a young woman. She has been playing Go for only three years. Before this, the woman was an expert at playing computer games. Now she plays Go the same way she played computer games---by becoming a machine herself.
They will play many games, until they know who the winner is. The woman shows no feelings but thinking about all the possible ways of placing her next stone. The old man, on the other hand, looks at the movements of her hands and of her face. This has always helped him to win.
He wins the first three games. She wins the next game, and the man is surprised. He has never lost to a woman. The old man worries about the way the young woman is playing the game. He can't read her face, he does not understand her way of playing.
"The way I think about the game", says the woman, "is that it is steps for getting what I want." Again, the old man is surprised. For him, the game is a way of life itself, and not a model of life. "There is no more beauty any longer. Everything is science and rules. Everything is about winning. Nothing is about playing," he says.
They cannot agree with each other, but it is not necessary. "Change is a necessary part of life", thinks the man. "Playing is as important as winning", thinks the woman.
They start to play their final game.
The question is: . Before the woman plays Go, she  was
The possible answers are:
A:a computer game player
B:a computer science teacher
C:a computer engineer
D:a computer store ownerCinemark Theatre                       Cinemark Theatre
So Young                             America Dreams in China
May 29~June 2:                        June 6~17(not June 10, 11, 12, 15)
Evenings at 7.15 p.m. (May 29 at 7 p.m.)       June 6, 7, 8, 9, 16 at 7.45 p.m.
Tickets                                 June 17 at 5 p.m.
Weekdays: $27                          June 13, 14 at 8.00 p.m.
Sunday: $29                            Tickets
Weekdays: $24
Sat. & Sun. : $26
Cinemark discount  card: 20% off 3 tickets
The question is: If you want to watch America Dreams in China, you can go to Cinemark Theatre on   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:May 29
B:June 5
C:June 15
D:June 16It was over two months before Christmas when 9-year-old Mary told her father and me that she wanted a new bike. Her old Barbi bike was too old and it often needed repairing. As Christmas came nearer; her dream for a bike seemed to disappear; for she didn't mention it again.
Then much to our surprise; on December 24th; she said that she really wanted a bike as the Christmas present more than anything else. We didn't know what to do. It was too late. We were busy with Christmas dinner and packing presents for our children; parents and also friends till midnight. So there was no time to buy the "right bike" for our little girl. Thinking that we might in this way make our child unhappy on Christmas; we felt _ and sad.
Suddenly my husband came up with an idea. "What if I make a little bike out of the clay   and write a note that she could trade in   the model bike for a real one after Christmas?" So he spent the next 5 hours working on a small clay bike. On Christmas morning; we were very excited and waited for Mary to open the little box with the beautiful red and white bike and the note. She opened the box and read the note loudly. She looked at me and said; "So; does this mean I can trade in this bike for a real one?" Smiling; I said; "yes."
Mary had tears in her eyes when she replied; "I would never trade in this beautiful bike that Daddy made for me. I prefer to keep it rather than get a real one." At that moment; we thought we would have moved the god to buy her every bike on earth.
The question is: Mary's parents didn't buy her a bike because she   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:only asked for it again on December 24th
B:didn't want it any more
C:changed her mind for something else
D:didn't mention it in the past two months3D printers are certainly the superstar today---they are being put to all kinds of uses, including creating model cars for movies. However, none of these ideas are as crazy as the one suggested by Anjan Contractor, who believes that they will be the key to ending world hunger .
If you think that sounds a little crazy, you are not the only one, but after hearing scientists, the idea seems to become true.
According to scientists, food will become _ expensive and possibly, even out of reach, for billions of people in the future. It means billions of people won't have enough food.
This is where 3D printers may save the day. Anjan, an engineer says that the only way to support the large population will be to provide every kitchen with a 3D printer and print out meals.
More importantly, it would be to make the basic food from things that we now do not think can be eaten. Anjan thinks that we could easily get the meat protein  from insects . Similarly, the vegetable nutrition could be made from greens like grass. Would you want to try 3D printed food?
The question is: From the passage we know that  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:people will have enough food to eat in the future.
B:scientists can use 3D printers to print food now.
C:3D printers are being put to many uses
D:people can get any food and vegetables without plantingOnce upon a time a married couple celebrated their 25th marriage anniversary . They had become famous in the city for not having a single _ in the period of 25 years. Local newspaper editors had gathered at the occasion to find out the secret of their well known "happy going marriage".
The editor asked, " Sir. It's amazingly unbelievable. How did you make this possible?"
The husband, recalling his old honeymoon days, said, "We had been to Switzerland for honeymoon after marriage. Having selected the horse riding finally, we both started the ride on different horses. My horse was pretty okay but the horse on which my wife was riding seemed to be a crazy one. On the way ahead, that horse jumped suddenly, making my wife fall off. Standing up from the ground, she patted the horse's back and said ' This is your first time'. She again climbed the horse and continued with the ride. After a while, it happened again. This time she again kept calm and said ' This is your second time' and continued. When the horse dropped her the third time, she silently took out the gun from the purse and shot the horse deadl I shouted at my wife, ' What did you do? You killed the poor animal. Are you crazy?' She gave me a silent look and said, ' This is your first timel ' "
The husband added, "That's it. We are happy ever after. "
,.
The question is: How many times did the woman fall off the horse?
The possible answers are:
A:Once
B:Twice
C:Three times
D:Four timesOne day, a farmer was walking along a road with his son Thomas. The father said, "Look! There's a horseshoe, pick it up and put it in your bag." Thomas said, "It isn't worth the trouble." His father said nothing but he picked it up himself. When they got to a nearby town, they had a rest. There the farmer sold the horseshoe and with the few pennies he bought some cherries .
The father and the son continued their way. The sun was well up in the sky, and there wasn't a house or even a tree where they could have a rest. Thomas felt too thirsty to walk on. At this time, his father dropped a cherry on the ground and Thomas picked it up quickly and ate it. After a while, his father dropped another cherry and once again, his son lost no time in picking it up and putting it in his mouth.
And so they went on. The old farmer dropped the cherries and the son picked them up. When Thomas had eaten up all the cherries, his father said to him, "My dear son, if you had bent  down early to pick up that horseshoe, it would not have been necessary for you to bend so many times for the cherries. Always remember the lesson that he who does not worry about the little things will find that he cannot do the great things."
The question is: The father dropped the cherries one by one, because   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:he wanted to teach his son a lesson
B:he wanted his son to do more exercise
C:he wanted his son to eat them all
D:he wanted to laugh at his sonMr and Mrs Smith just open a small restaurant. In order to attract customers ,they put a notice in front of the restaurant, and it says,"Meals on the House for Three Days. "
A foreign student comes to the place. He doesn't know much English. On the second day he happens to pass by the restaurant. It is lunch time and he feels Very hungry. "well, here is a restaurant. I am going to have something to eat."He walks to the restaurant when he sees the notice. "American people are really strange . They even eat dinners on the house! But how can I get up to the top of the house?"He says.
He looks around and finds a ladder near the restaurant. He is Very glad. But when he gets to the top, he hears someone shouting at him, "Hey! What are you doing up there?" Mr Smith and a policeman are standing there and looking at him.
"Doesn't your notice say 'Meals on the House for Three Days'? Is it a joke ?"the foreign student asks.
When they hear this, both Mr smith and the policeman laugh ."Do you know what ON THE HOUSE means ?Look it up in the dictionary ,"the policeman says.
The question is: "Meals on the House" means  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:eating on the house
B:giving meals on the house
C:you can eat meals and pay for them
D:you don't need to pay for your mealsMy nine-year-old daughter, Maria, is in Year Four. Every evening we get into homework battles . Three afternoons a week, she has activities(netball, singing) after school and by the time we get home early, we argue  about whether she should do her homework right after school, or if she should have some time to rest and play first. When Maria at last sits down to do her homework, she seems to want me there helping all the time, I do want to help her, but I'm sure that she is going to need to be able to do it on her own. And in fact, most of the time, I have other things I need to be doing. It seems that children these days have much more homework than we did, and some of it is really beyond  their abilities . As you can see, I'm really worried about homework and I really don't know what I should do. Any ideas?
The question is: Maria want to  _  first when she gets home early.
The possible answers are:
A:do her homework
B:play netball and sing
C:have supper
D:have a rest and playLanguages are always changing.As time goes by,some new words are created and becoming more and more popular.Search on Baidu,and you can find some hot net words in China today.
"Tuhao",a Chinese word,which originally meant a rich and powerful person or family in a certain town or area,nowadays,has become a general term used by people to describe those who look really rich,and especially those who live beyond their means.
The term"dama"is almost the same as"big mama'in Chinese.referring to those middle-aged Chinese women who crazily bought gold in jewelry shops in HK.
"Wo huodai"is short for a sentence meaning"My little friends and I are shocked."Its actual roots lie in an article written by a pupil.The school student said his little friends and he were shocked after finding out where the Chinese rice dumpling originated from.Since then,the sentence is often used to describe people's shock after discovering a new or hot fact.
"Male woman"refers to a boyish girl or a woman with strong body or strong mind.In August 2013,one Russian beauty's photos got great popularity online.The woman has a very pretty face and an extremely strong body.
"Buming jueli",a Chinese term,is short for a sentence which means "I don't quite get it,but I think you are really _ ."Suppose Stephen Hawking gave us a speech on the origin of the  universe.although I didn't understand it,I still felt it was wonderful.
This four-word Chinese term"Leijue buai"is short for an expression meaning "being too tired to love."The year 2013 saw many period dramas appear on Chinese TV screens and some of them were very long.People loved them at the beginning,but then became too confused and tired to keep up with.This term described viewers'feelings towards those TV shows.The term  also refers to one's fading love for another.
"Renjian buchai''stands for the phrase"Life is so hard.Don't hurt me with the truth."This sentence originally comes from Taiwan singer Lin Youjia's song"Lei."Now it is used to describe that one can not face a hard truth.
The question is: Which is the following NOT true according to the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:If my classmate Tom buys an iphone 5s,he can be called Tuhao.
B:Renjian buchai comes from an article written by a pupil.
C:The long boring soap opera made me feel"Leijue buai".
D:If the top one student Tina failed the English exam,"wo huodai" could describe her classmates' feeling.LONDON (Reuters) -- British milkman Steve Leech, who saved several shops and flats by putting out a fire with 320 pints of milk, was celebrating Thursday after winning a national bravery award.
Leech, 35, named "Hero Milkman" by the National Dairymen's Association, said that he had noticed smoke coming out of a shop in Cornwall, southern England, while delivering   milk as usual a year ago.
"I saw the flats up above and thought I'd better do something. So I kicked the door in and started pouring milk everywhere," Lee told Reuters Thursday.
"When firemen arrived, the fire was almost out," he said. Firemen said he had helped save the lives of eight people living in the flats above the shops.
" _ . But it was even harder trying to explain to my boss where all the milk had gone."
The question is: This is a(n)   _   from London.
The possible answers are:
A:poster
B:review
C:advertisement
D:news reportWhen I was growing up in America, I was ashamed of   my mother's Chinese English. Because of her Chinese English, she was often treated unfairly. People in department stores, at banks, and at restaurants did not take her seriously, did not give her good service, pretended not to understand her, or even acted as if they did not hear her.
My mother realized that she was poor at English. When I was fifteen, she used to have me call people on phone to pretend I was she. I was made to ask for information or even to shout at people who had been rude to her. One time I had to call her stockbroker . I said in an adolescent  voice that was not very certain, "This is Mrs. Tan." My mother was standing beside me saying, "Why he doesn't send me check, already two weeks late." And then, in perfect English I said: "I'm getting rather worried. You agreed to send the check two weeks ago, but it hasn't arrived." My mother then talked more loudly. "What he want? I come to New York to tell him in front of his boss." And so I turned to the stockbroker again, "I can't accept any more excuse. If I don't receive the check immediately, I am going to have to speak to your manager when I am in New York next week."
The next week we ended up in New York. While I was sitting there red-faced, my mother, the real Mrs. Tan, was shouting to his boss in her broken English.
When I was a teenager, my mother's broken English embarrassed  me. But now, I see it differently. To me, my mother's English is perfectly clear, perfectly natural. It is my mother tongue. Her language, as I hear it, is vivid, direct, and full of observation and wisdom. It was the language that helped me see things, express ideas, and _ the world.
The question is: After the writer made the phone call, the writer and her mum  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:received the check at once
B:still failed to get the check
C:went to New York immediately
D:spoke to the stockbroker's boss at onceWhat do you usually do after school? Playing football? Watching TV? Let's see how kids in foreign countries spend their free time?
Mess around  with Dress-up Do your parents have any old clothes? See if you can get an old box and start collecting hats, shoes and clothes now! Then, when your friends come over after school,you can play dress-up. See if you can make yourself into a doctor, or a cowboy, or even a spaceman! If you are really clever, you could even put on a show for your family! Let your imagination run wild!
Start a Club Want to learn new things after school? Want to make new friends who aren't in your class? You can get both of them in clubs. In other countries' schools,there are usually all kinds of clubs for kids to join. There is a French club,a student government, a theatre,a choir and a photography club.
Take a photography club as an example. One may learn all the skills about taking photos. For example,you will learn how to choose a camera,how to use the light and how to develop pictures.
One can also make a lot of friends in clubs. It's always good to enjoy your free time with friends, isn't it?
The question is: For foreign kids, what do they collect clothes and shoes for?  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:having them in future
B:changing with their friends
C:making themselves into other person
D:preparing for partiesA poor farmer had never left his small village. After he made a lot of money, he decided to spend a holiday in an excellent hotel in a big town.
When lunchtime came on his first day there, he went to eat it in the restaurant of the hotel in his new clothes. The headwaiter showed him to the table, took his order and went away. When he returned and looked at the farmer again, he was surprised. The farmer had tied his table cloth round his neck.
The headwaiter immediately told another waiter to go to the farmer and tell him that people mustn't do such a thing in his restaurant. So the waiter went to the farmer and said in a friendly voice, "Good morning, Sir. Would you like a haircut.?"
The question is: The headwaiter told another waiter to   _
The possible answers are:
A:take some food to the farmer
B:stop the farmer tying the cloth round his neck
C:tie the table cloth round the farmer's neck
D:drive him out of the restaurantHow do most students spend  their free time? Do they have time to do the things they like? Let's see what some students do during their free time. Ben is eleven. He has a sister, Kate. Both of them like going to the cinema. Every Sunday morning, they go to the town by train and then they go to the cinema because they live in the country  and there is no cinema there. They arrive in the town at noon. They usually have a big lunch in their favourite restaurant first, and then they buy some food in the supermarket  before they go to their favourite cinema called Star Cinema. They like it because the seats there are comfortable and the films shown in the cinema are always the newest. They always have a good time on Sundays, but when the weather is bad or they are busy with their homework, they can't go.
The question is: Ben and Kate always spend their Sundays   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:watching TV
B:going shopping
C:doing homework
D:going to the cinemaOne day a dentist was starting his morning work. Suddenly a man ran in. His face was red and he could only say "Quick! Quick!" The dentist thought he must be very ill. His assistant helped to make the poor man sit in a chair. The dentist gave the man some medicine to make him sleep. Then, he looked into the man's mouth and pulled out all the bad teeth. As soon as the man woke up, he said in a low voice, "Quick, doctor, quick."
"It's all right now," the dentist told him, "It's over."
"You don't understand," said the man, "I came to tell you your house is on fire."
The question is: The man    _    after he took some medicine.
The possible answers are:
A:began to work
B:began to cry
C:went home
D:went to sleepYou may hear about earthquakes, but do you know what to do before, during and after an earthquake? Here is some advice for you:
Before an earthquake   It is necessary to prepare yourself and your family. All family members should know how to turn off gas, water and electricity and know useful telephone numbers ( doctor, hospital, police and 119 etc.). Never put heavy things over beds.
During an earthquake   It is important for each of you to stay calm. If you are indoors, quickly move to a safe place in the room such as under a strong desk or table. The purpose is to protect yourself from falling things. Stay away from windows, large mirrors, heavy fumiture and so on. If you are cooking, turn off the gas. If you are outdoors, move to an open area like a playground. Move away from buildings, bridges and trees. If you are driving, stop the car as soon as possible, staying away from bridges and tall buildings, stay in your car.
After an earthquake  ONCE the shaking has stopped, DO NOT run out of the building at once. It is better to wait and leave when it is safe. Check around you and help the people who are in trouble. If your building is badly broken, you should leave it. If you smell or hear gas, get everyone outside and open windows and doors. If you can do it safely, turn off the gas. Report it to the gas company.
The question is: When the earth stops shaking, you should  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:check around you first
B:run out of the building at once
C:break the windows and doors
D:write a report to the companyDo you get enough sleep? With so much homework it's often difficult to get the rest you need. But you need to try, because sleep keeps you healthy and it stops you getting fat.
Recently, a group of US scientists did a study   of kids aged between 8 and 13. The study found that if kids sleep for just one extra   hour each day, the chance of their getting fat is cut by about 30 percent .
Why? When people don't get enough sleep, they become tired. When they are tired, they don't exercise enough. Also, kids like snacks: If they are awake   an extra hour or two each day,they have more time to eat snacks or other unhealthy foods.
So, how much sleep should you get? Scientists suggest 10 to 11 hours a night for kids aged 5 to 12. For older kids, _ .
The question is: If you are under 10, how long do the scientists advice you to sleep?
The possible answers are:
A:10 to 11 hours.
B:8 to 9 hours.
C:8 to 13 hours.
D:As long as possible.Many animals do strange things before an earthquake  . This news may be important. Earthquakes can kill people and knock down homes. The animals may help to save lives.
Some animals make a lot of noise before an earthquake. Farmers have told about this. Dogs that are usually quiet have started to howl . Horses on farms have run around in circles. Mice have left their holes and run away. Cows have given less milk.
In a town in Italy, cats raced down the street in a group. That happened only a few hours before an earthquake. In San Francisco, a man kept tiny pet frogs. One Sunday, the frogs jumped around more than ever. They made loud noises, like bigger frogs. That night, an earthquake struck the city.
People want to know when an earthquake is coming. Then they could get away safely. Right now, there is no sure way to know ahead of time. Maybe the best way is to watch the animals.
The question is: Before an earthquake, the frogs   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:sang
B:left their homes
C:jumped around a lot
D:become quietMany children think mobile phones are cool. They come in fun colors and let you talk with friends anytime and anywhere.
In the U.S., more than 90 million people use mobile phones. Many of these people are children. For children, mobile phones are more than phone calls. They are fashionable.
Most mobile phone users don't think about the health problems caused  by mobile phones. Some scientists say that mobile phones give off radiation  that might be bad for the users. One newest study shows that mobile phone radiation might raise  a person's chance of getting some kinds of cancer . Other scientists say mobile phones don't' threaten people's health. They say that they have not found any link  between phone use and cancer.
Scientists say that people can protect   themselves from mobile phone radiation. One way is to use a headset . Or people can make shorter call.
The question is: Many of the mobile phone users in the U.S. are   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:girls
B:boys
C:scientists
D:childrenThere are  three people in Yang Yang's family. They like different kinds of food. Yang Yang likes rice a lot. But she doesn't like chicken at all. Her father is from Shanxi. He doesn't like rice at all. He likes chicken and bread very much. Her mother is from Dalian. She doesn't like rice or bread at all. But she likes fish and vegetables a lot. They love each other and help each other.
The question is: Yang Yang likes   _   very much, but her parents don't like it at all.
The possible answers are:
A:bread
B:rice
C:chicken
D:fishIn April this year, lots of bags full of small change  were seen at bus stops in Tianjin. They were made for passengers to turn their notes into small change. And such an idea came from four students from Zhongbei Middle School, Tianjin.
"People will surely feel worried when they take a bus without coins. We just want to do something to help them," said Wang Yongcun, 15, one of the four students.
The four boys spent their whole weekend making the change bags. After that they went to see the number of the passengers at each bus stop near their school, and then chose the top six stops to put the bags.
Many people think that the four boys have really done a good job. But, things didn't go as the boys thought. Two days later, they found that the money was gone, and that even the bags were taken. It really made them sad but they would not give up. Their classmates and teachers came to help them in time. They put their pocket money in bags again. And the teachers also taught them to make better change bags. They tried their best to do it.
The four boys feel very happy because they have done something good for the passengers. Their warm hearts are moving. More and more people are beginning to join in the activity.
The question is: Which of the following is TRUE according to the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:The idea of small change bags came from four boys.
B:The passengers refused to put money in the bags.
C:The teachers gave up when the bags were taken.
D:The small change didn't help the passengers much.The best way of learning a language is using it. The best way of learning English is talking in English as much as possible. Sometimes you'll get your words mixed up  and people will not understand you. Sometimes people will say things too quickly and you can't understand them. But if you keep your sense of humor , you can always have a good laugh at your mistakes you make. Don't be unhappy if people seem to be laughing at your mistakes. It's better for people to laugh at your mistakes than to be angry with you, because they don't understand what you are saying. The most important things for learning English is: "Don't be afraid of making mistakes because everyone makes mistakes ."
The question is: The story tells us that  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:only foolish   people make mistakes
B:few people make mistakes
C:people never make mistakes
D:there is no one who doesn't make mistakesA man lives in a very tall building. He has a lot of money and he has a parrot at home. It's a clever bird.
Every morning, after the man gets up, the bird says "hello". When the man comes back from his work, the bird says, "Is that you? Come here. I can see you." One evening, when the man is sleeping, a thief comes into his building by climbing up the window. When he finds some money and begins to leave the house by climbing down through the window again, he hears a voice in the dark.
"Hello! Is that you? Come here. I can see you." The thief is so frightened that he falls down from the window.
The question is: What do you think of the thief at last?
The possible answers are:
A:He leaves safely.
B:He climbs down the building.
C:He climbs down the ladder.
D:He died.Hello, I'm Frank. What's this? It's a pen. It's my red pen. My black pen is in my bag  . My bag is orange. And my key is in it. It's blue. This is my ruler. It's white. It's on my desk  . And my orange is on the desk, too.
The question is: Where   is the orange?
The possible answers are:
A:in my bag
B:on my desk
C:on the chair
D:in the deskLast Friday my friend Deborah asked me if I would like to learn how to make tofu. I couldn't think of any good reason not to be interested in, so I said, "Yes". The next day I met her and another three nice people at the Hodo Soy Beanery Oakland. I enjoyed the trip. I got a lot from the trip. The following is what I learnt.
Tofu has a history of 2,000 years. Although the word "tofu" is from Japanese, the food maybe comes from China. There are two main kinds of tofu: soft tofu   and firm tofu  . In some parts of Asia, people use tofu as a kind of meat.
Douhua is one kind of soft tofu. It is a popular breakfast food in China. Because it is very soft, people can't eat it with _ , but with a spoon  . People often eat it as a snack   and often add spring onions and gravy to it. In Malaysia, people usually eat douhua with white or dark sugar water.
,.
The question is: How many people went there with the writer?
The possible answers are:
A:One.
B:Two.
C:Three.
D:Four.Having returned from her round trip, the angry woman stood outside the ticket office of the station. "The railway should pay me backPS12, so you owe me the money," she said to Harry Jenks, the young man who was working at the office. "You sold me a ticket for May 22nd, but there was no ship from Jersey that night. So my daughter and I had to stay in a hotel. It cost me PS12."
Harry was worried. He remembered selling the woman a return ticket. "Come into the office, Madam," he said politely, "I'll just check the Jersey timetable for May 22nd."
The woman and her little girl followed him inside. She was quite right, as Harry soon discovered. There was no sailing on May 22nd. How could he have made such a careless mistake? He shouldn't have sold her a ticket for that day. Wondering what to do, he smiled at the child. "You look sun burnt," he said to her, "Did you have a nice holiday in Jersey?"
"Yes," she answered, shyly, "The beach was lovely. And I can swim, too!"
"That's fine," said Harry. "My little girl can't swim a bit yet. Of course, she's only three..."
"I'm four," the child said proudly, "I'll be four and a half."
Harry turned to the mother. "I remember your ticket, Madam," he said, "But you didn't get one for your daughter, did you?"
"Er, well..."woman looked at the child, "I mean... she hasn't started school yet. She's only four."
"A four-year-old child must have a ticket, Madam. A child's return ticket to Jersey costs...let me see...PS13.50. So if the railway pays your hotel, you will owePS1.50. The law is the law, but since the fault was mine..."
The question is: Which of the following is true?
The possible answers are:
A:Harry's daughter could swim very well.
B:The Jersey timetable was totally wrong.
C:Actually, the little girl didn't need a ticket.
D:The little girl was satisfied with the holiday.My name is Panrit. I live in Samutprakarn. It is about thirty kilometers south of Bangkok,the capital of Thailand. My house is near a museum and opposite a school.
My house has two floors,two bedrooms and two toilets. We don't have a dining room,so we eat our meals in the living room. There are four people in my family, my mum,my dad,my brother and I. My house doesn't have a garden but we have some plants in pots . We also have some small fish. My mum likes the plants very much. She usually waters and looks after them when she's at home.
I don't usually stay at home. I usually stay at my grandma's home because it is more comfortable. In her home. there is no homework. and all I have to do is to play.
The question is: Panrit lives  _   the capital of Thailand.
The possible answers are:
A:about thirty kilometers from
B:to the east of
C:far from a museum
D:in the north of"Sometimes you just get a strict teacher.Instead of letting others know that this isn't your favorite class.Make an effort to show your teacher you are doing your best."
jocelyn Howard,16
"Learn to put your activities in order of importance.School comes first,and if you just study as soon as you get home,it's OK.You can also relax and play computers or do the other things you enjoy.But don't settle for just _ .Try hard! And don't be afraid to get help from teachers."
April Madlangbanyan,17
"If you have trouble getting along with a specific teacher,pray about it.Ask God to help you see that teacher through HIS EYES,not your own.And talk with that teacher.Good communication can strengthen any relationship-even with a hard-to-get-along-with teacher."
Lisa Shaw, 21
"Being a good student means being organized.Remember to bring all your supplies, everything-to each class every day.Make sure that you'll never skip class.And when you're in class,really pay attention! Don't let yourself daydream or write notes to friends.Completing your homework on time is also important."
Victoria Walsh.16
"When you're having trouble getting along with a certain teacher,stay calm! You may not agree with him or her,but you've got to remember the teacher is the authority  figure.So make sure that you're respectful and open-minded.Ask for a specific time the two of you can talk.Explain yourself and address problem,not the teacher."
----Amanda Baken,18
"Being a good student means studying often,not just cramming before a test.Identify your weak areas.For example,maybe you don't have good reading skills or it's hard for you to take notes.Once you identify what your weakness is,ask for help in these specific areas.Be willing to go in early or stay after school to get extra help.Go into the school year knowing that being a good student will require time and effort!"
Tiffany Irving,20
The question is: Which of the following is TRUE according to the text?
The possible answers are:
A:Tiffany Irving advises studying hard before a test.
B:Victoria Walsh advises completing your homework on time.
C:Amanda Baken thinks that teachers should respect students.
D:April Madlangbanyan thinks that a good student should be the first to come to schoo1.In the last eight years, a lot of bees have disappeared. Scientists have been studying why those bees have been leaving their hives and not returning. They believe that their living environment may be changing.
Now, the US government is stepping in to help fight this problem. President Barack Obama has asked for $50 million(310 million yuan ) in his 2015 budget to fight this problem, and has announced the start of the Pollinator Health Task Force. This group will work on keeping the US bee population healthy and strong, and will show people what they can do to help bees.
Even though many people may not like bees, they are an important part of how we grow food. As pollinators , they move from one plant to another. Through pollination, plants can grow seeds and fruit. It's said that at least 90 kinds of plants including nuts,  fruits and vegetables depend on bees for pollination.
The new Pollinator Health Task Force will work hard to protect bees, and build new hives for pollinators. It also plans to start a public education activity to make more people know the importance of pollinators, and actions that can be taken to protect them. The group will reach out to schools, libraries, museums and so on.
Obama said that helping save the bee population will avoid other losses for the agricultural sector  , and will help protect the health of the environment.
The question is: What role do bees play in growing food
The possible answers are:
A:They pollinate, helping plants grow seeds and fruit.
B:They can help keep Earth healthy.
C:They can help plants grow more grains of pollen.
D:They can make fruit and vegetables grow bigger.In the United States,boys and girls start school when they are five years old.In some states they must stay in school until they are sixteen.Most students are seventeen or eighteen years old when they graduate from secondary school.another name for high school.Most children go to public elementary and secondary schools .The parents of public pupils do not have to pay for their children's education because taxes support the public schools.If a child goes to a private school ,his parents have to pay for the child's education.Today about half of the high school students go on to colleges and universities .Some colleges and universities receive money support from the government .A student at a state university does not have to pay very much if his parents live in that state.Private schools are expensive,however.Almost half of the college students in the USA work while studying.If a student's family is not rich,he has to make money for part of his college expenses .
The question is: _  support(s) some colleges and university.
The possible answers are:
A:Some children's parents
B:Many teachers
C:A few secondary schools
D:The governmentA man went to see a doctor."Open your mouth,"the doctor said.Then the man opened his mouth and the doctor looked in quickly.
"It's clear what's wrong with you.You need more exercise,"the doctor said.
"But,doctor,"the man said,"I don't think..."
"Don't tell me what you think,"the doctor said."I am the doctor,not you.I know what you need.I see hundreds of people like you.None of them get any exercise.They sit in offices all day and in front of the television in the evening.What you need is to walk quickly for at least 20 minutes a day."
"Doctor,you don't understand,"the man said."I..."
"I don't want to hear any excuses,"the doctor said."You must find time for exercise.If you don't,you will get fat and have health problems when you are older."
"But I walk every day,"the man said.
"Oh,yes,and I know what kind of walking that is.You walk a few feet to the train station from your house,a few more feet from the station to your office,and a few more feet from your office to a restaurant for lunch and back.That's not real walking.I'm talking about walking in the park for twenty minutes every day."
"Will you listen to me,doctor?"the man shouted,getting angry with this doctor who thought he knew everything."I'm a postman,"the man went on,"and I walk for seven hours every day."
.
The question is: The postman went to see the doctor because  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:he thought he was ill
B:he was too fat and could not walk quickly
C:something was wrong with his foot
D:there was something wrong with his mouthWe humans can play the piano . of course we play the piano with our ten fingers . But Teotronica can play with its 19 fingers . Teotronica is not a human . It is a robot . It is a special robot which can play the piano like humans .
Nattei Suzzi is the inventor of Teotronica . Matteo Suzzi comes from Italy and he is more than thirty years old . He was interested in science when he was young . He always likes to use his head to create amazing things . He spent four years making the musical robot . He made the piano-playing robot at a cost of about 4,700 dollars .
Teotronica is a special and great robot . It has more fingers than humans . It plays the piano faster than a human . Teotronica can sing as well when it plays the piano . It is the first robot to do so and many people feel excited to see it ,. Teotronica can even use its eyes to interact with humans because there are cameras in its eyes .Teotronica is amazing , isn't it ?
The question is: How many fingers does Teotronica have ?
The possible answers are:
A:Ten
B:Fifteen
C:Nineteen
D:TwentyWill it matter if you don't take your breakfast? A short time ago, a test was given in the United States. People of different ages, from 12 to 83, were asked to have a test. During the test, these people were given all kinds of breakfasts, and sometimes they got no breakfast at all. Scientists wanted to see how well their bodies worked when they had eaten different kinds of breakfasts.
The results show that if a person eats a right breakfast, he or she will work better than if he or she has no breakfast. If a student has fruit, egg, bread and milk before going to school, he will learn more quickly and listen more carefully.
The result is opposite to what some people think. Having no breakfast will not help you lose weight. This is because people become so hungry at noon that they eat too much for lunch. They will gain weight  instead of losing it. You will lose more weight if you
your other meals.
The question is: The results show that    _   .
The possible answers are:
A:breakfast has great effect   on work and studies
B:breakfast has little to do with a person's work
C:a person will work better if he only has fruit and milk
D:girl students should have little for breakfastCities and towns in 35 countries took part. The year 2012 saw 6,950 towns and cities in more than 152 countries took part in Earth Hour movement. Last year 7,000 towns and cities in more than 154 countries took part in Earth Hour. This year, WWF is calling for people across the world to take part in Earth Hour 2014 - the biggest switch-off in history.
For the eighth year, people are being asked to turn off their lights for one hour to call attention to the issue of climate change. The WWF's organizers say climate change is one of the greatest threats  facing wildlife and nature. They also say when it comes to save energy and money, big changes start with small steps like turning out the lights.
Earth Hour supporter Jamie Oliver has some great ideas of his own for helping the environment: "We can all make simple changes to help, like always choosinghigher-welfare  meat, and even trying to have a couple of meat-free days a week. More little steps, such as taking a shower instead of a bath, leaving the car behind and walking to work, not leaving electrical appliances on standby  and so on are the beginning of a low carbon lifestyle and a healthier world.
This year, Earth Hour is asking people to take the movement "beyond the hour". Earth Hour is a call to stand up and get involved. We hope everyone will join us in turning off for a brighter future.
The question is: The best title of the passage is  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:Climate Change: the greatest threat
B:WWF: a global charity
C:Earth Hour: small steps big difference.
D:Climate Action: a global callRon loved basketball. One afternoon on his way to a basketball game, he was walking and dreaming about playing college basketball the following year. As Ron was walking to the game, a car hit him so hard that he was thrown three feet into the air.
Ron woke up in a hospital room. When he learned that both his legs were broken, he realized his college basketball dreams were over. Ron did what the doctors told him, but his progress was slow. When he left the hospital, Ron was sent to a health center for physical treatment.
A week after he arrived there, he met Sunny. Sunny was a coach.His legs were hurt  paralysed  from a skiing accident. Even though he couldn't move his legs, Sunny coached of a basketball team called the Suns. Everybody on the team played from a wheelchair. Sunny invited Tony to join the game. Tony played badly, but for the first time since the accident, he stopped feeling sorry for himself.
After becoming a part of the Suns, Ron improved quickly. Basketball was like   medicine for him. And whenever Ron became depressed or angry, Sunny was there to encourage and help him. The day before Ron left the center, he had dinner with Sunny. He asked Sunny how he managed to be generous and cheerful, even with his paralysis.
Sunny smiled and said, "It's really quite easy. When you keep your face to the sun, the shadows  fall behind."
The question is: What is the most important thing we can learn from the story?
The possible answers are:
A:Basketball can teach people about life.
B:Keep smiling when you face difficulties.
C:Life is more difficult for the paralysed.
D:Skiing is more dangerous than basketball.Helen Keller was a US author and public speaker who became blind and deaf at the age of 19 months. Anne Sullivan became her teacher in 1887 and taught her to read, write, use sign language and speak. Keller received degree from Radcliffe College in 1904 and spent the rest of her life encouraging others with difficulties like hers to overcome them. Her books include The story of My Life (1902) and Out of the Dark(1913). Her life was the subject of the play The Miracle Worker
The question is: Helen Keller is a/an   _   person.
The possible answers are:
A:honest
B:hard-working
C:beautiful
D:lovelyHip hop or rap   music started on the street and in the clubs of the New York City in the 1970s. People rap to express how they feel about their lives and problems.
Rapping in class.
Would you like to rap in class? Well, actually hip pop music is played in more than 10,000 schools in the USA. Why? There is a new school program called "Flocabulary" in which teachers use texts and hip hop CDs to help teach different school subjects. The words of the songs are just what students are studying. This makes learning easy and fun. Students and teachers are excited about the good results it has had on exam marks. Mr. Lee, a teacher in a high school, said, "I've used hip hop songs in class, and I have never seen my students so crazy about history! You can't imagine how well they remember what I teach! We even try to write our own songs."
Whose idea was Flocabulary?
Blake Harrison, a high school student, was the first person to come up with the idea of Flocabulary. The word "Flocabulary" comes from the word "flow" and "vocabulary". "Flow" is a rap word for "style", or the way a rapper says the words of a song. "Vocabulary" means the words you have to learn in a language. How did he get the idea? Well, he realized he could remember the words of a hip hop song very easily. So, why not make lessons into songs? Today together with Alex Rappaport, a song writer, Blake produces hip hop songs for math, science and literature  . They are now used in schools with great success.
The question is: Blake has produced hip hop sings for school subjects EXCEPT    _   .
The possible answers are:
A:math
B:history
C:science
D:LiteratureWhat can we learn from the special, very successful people in the world who make the impossible possible?
Lesson 1: Ways of creative thinking are needed
Bill Gates and Mark Zuckerberg both dropped out of college. They prefer to teach themselves because they like to develop their own ways of thinking. They think standard ways of teaching might stop people from being creative and having new ideas.
Lesson 2: The answer might not be what you expect
Find your answers from facts -- not start with an expectation of what you will find. Stephen Jacobsen from Northwestern University believed what he was taught: that water on Earth came from icy comets  or planets which hit into Earth.
However, by studying a special rock, he discovered that it acts like a sponge . This suggests that Earth's water may have come from inside, driven to the surface to form the oceans, by geological activity.
"I had a pretty hard time making others believe it," he said. "But thinking about the fact that you may the first person to see something for the first time doesn't happen very often. When it does, it's amazing."
 _ 
Years of planning went into a recent achievement in space travel. The European Space Agency's "Philae", a robot landing craft, met up with Comet 67P, which is 480 million kilometers away. The trip from Earth by "Philae" had taken ten years!
The scientists had no idea what the surface of the comet would be like. If the landing failed, it would be impossible to get information from the spacecraft. Twenty years of work would have been wasted.
When "Philae" tried to land, it bounced  away from the comet's icy surface twice. Luckily, however, "Philae" landed successfully and began sending information back to Earth.
The question is: Bill Gates and Mark Zuckerberg didn't finish college because  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:they preferred to learn by themselves
B:they needed standard ways of teaching
C:their teachers didn't like their new ideas
D:their teachers weren't able to teach themMrs. Green is going to give a birthday party for Mary. Mary is her daughter. She is going to be ten years old. A lot of friends of Mary's are going to come to the party. There are twenty girls of them.
Mrs. Green is getting ready for the party. Mrs. White is helping her.
"That's a big nice cake," Mrs. White says to Mrs. Green.
"Thank you very much."
Mrs. Green is going shopping now. She is going to buy fruit for the party.
She buys lots of pears, apples, oranges and bananas. Then she goes home.
It's five o'clock in the afternoon. Everything is ready. Now the first girl is arriving. The party is going to begin in thirty minutes.
The question is: When will the party start?
The possible answers are:
A:At six o'clock
B:In thirty minutes
C:At five o'clock in the afternoon
D:At half past five in the afternoonMy friend Tom is a schoolboy. Everyone likes him very much because he is funny. He can play many instruments. When he is with his friends, he often plays for them. Today is October 8th. It's Tom's birthday. He has a big and interesting party at home. Many friends come to his party. Tom's mother cooks   a lot of food for them. Everyone gives a beautiful gift to him. Sally gives him an English dictionary because Tom also likes English. Bob gives Tom a guitar because he likes playing the guitar very much. At the party, Tom plays the guitar and he also plays the piano. We sing many songs   and play some interesting games. We have a good time today.
,.
The question is: What does Tom play at the party?
The possible answers are:
A:The guitar.
B:The drums.
C:The piano.
D:Both A and CChildhood is a time of fun and games. Many people still remember when they were young, they often played games like hide-and-seek and chess. Playing teaches children how to get along with others, and it also helps to exercise the mind and body. However, children today spent most of their playing time in front of the computer, playing video games.
A recent survey found that in the   US children between 8 and 12 spent at least 13 hours a week playing video games or "gaming". Boys of this age spend even more time, almost 16 hours a week. Although some people will say that gaming is helpful, it brings many problems as well.
One big problem is that kids who spend most of their time on games might have difficulty communicating with real people. They might have trouble sharing and resolving problems because they do not practice these shills when sitting alone at a computer.
Another problem is about health. Game players usually sit for hours without doing any exercise. And they might not eat healthily. As a result, they might be out of shape.
Next, game players might have trouble with their lessons. Many of them spend more time playing games than working on their homework. In the end,  _ .
Finally, it is always possible that the gamers become addicted . Some people play four or five hours a day or even all day. This happened to a 28-year-old Korean man. He spent about 50 hours playing an online game without sleeping or eating well. He died while gaming!
This is one example of the dangers of video gaming. It tells us that video gaming, like everything else, should not be done too much. A few hours a week should not hurt, but several hours a day just might be dangerous to your health.
The question is: What does the writer want to tell us by writing this passage?
The possible answers are:
A:Video gaming has quite a lot of advantages.
B:Video gaming might be a dangerous thing.
C:Childhood is a time of fun and games.
D:Children should learn how to get along with othersJames Naismith was a Canadian. He invented basketball in 1891. At that time. He was a P.E. teacher a Springfield College,. In the USA.. He invented an indoor game for his students so that they could play it even in bad weather.
Do you know how to score points in the game? Well, just put the ball into the other side's basket. You can throw the ball into the basket from any part if the court. And you can throw it with one hand or both hands. But you must follow the rules.
Now, over a century later,. More and more people play basketball ..In the USA. ,the NBA is very popular. People from all over the world like to watch and play basketball. They love this game.
,A, B, C, D,. (10)
The question is: James Naismith came from  _
The possible answers are:
A:America
B:China
C:Canada
D:CanadianEverybody is afraid of something. More than 2500 children told us what they were afraid of. Some don't like the darkness. Some hate bad dreams and scary movies . And some of them want to run away from dogs and snakes.
Tom, 11, is afraid of the darkness because he worries that someone might
his house.
10-year-old Kathy said he was afraid of thunderstorms  and the sound at night.
The worst thing about the afraid feeling is that we don't know how to deal with it. Here are three ways to help children feel better.
1. Do something interesting in your free time.
2. Talk to your parents about your feeling.
3. Talk to a close friend.
,. (5)
The question is: _   , it will be the worst thing.
The possible answers are:
A:If you don't know how to deal with the problem
B:If you are feeling worst
C:When you are in a bad mood
D:When you are worried about yourselfMy name is Mike. I'm a student of No. 14 Middle School. Our school is on Guangming Street. It's next to the People's Library. There is a big park across from our school. The pay phone is between our school and the post office. I live near the school. I often walk to school. It takes me five minutes.
There are three buildings   in our school, the students' building, the teachers' building and a library building. The teachers in our school are very good and friendly. Our school is very beautiful.
If you come to our school from the airport  , you can take a taxi. It takes about thirty minutes to get to our school by taxi. Now let me tell you the way to our school. First, go along Bridge Street and turn left when you see Guangming Street. Go along Guangming Street, you can see the People's Library on your left. Our school is next to it. If you can't find it, you can call me at 010-89864578.
The question is: Where is the People's Library?
The possible answers are:
A:Next to No. 14 Middle School.
B:On Bridge Street.
C:Between the park and the post office.
D:In front of the airport.When you're not at home,many worries may start to crowd your mind.Did I turn the coffee maker off?Did I lock the door?Are the kids doing their homework or watching television?With a smart home,you can quiet all of these worries.
A smart home is a home with a communication network.This network connects devices ,such as lights and TV sets,and allows them to be controlled from far away through electrical wiring,mobile phone communication or WiFi over the internet.
More and more people may start to consider owning a smart home,because it makes life much more convenient.It can help keep your room at a certain temperature.It can record what happens inside the home and send the video to your phone.When you are on vacation abroad,you can use a smart home controller to switch on or off the electricity when necessary.Some smart homes can receive a visitor,allowing him to come in and offering him a drink.They can even feed the cat and water the plants.
Besides,smart homes are easy to fix.Most smart home technology and devices are wireless and can be set up with a minimum of tools,using only the guiding information.When a problem appears,you can deal with it yourself without paying a professional.
However,for home-users,the smart home technology is far from perfect.It can be rather expensive to own the technology and the devices.Also,because the smart home system allow its owner to get home information from anywhere,it leaves the home easy to be attacked by hackers ,who may secretly use or change the information in the system.
Now,many scientists are excited at the future of smart home technology.Imagine being able to get fashion advice from your mirror,or receive food shopping suggestions from your refrigerator.While there are others who worry that those smart devices will make people lazier and lonelier.Whatever it is,one thing is for sure---smart home technology will change the way we live and work.
The question is: According to the passage,nowadays a smart home can lock the door through   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:electric lights
B:mirror technologies
C:mobile phones
D:shopping programsA rich man was riding along the road and saw an old man digging in his garden. On the ground lay a young tree, ready to be planted. The rich man called out to the old man. "What kind of tree are you planting there, my good man?"
"This is a fig  tree, sir." He said. "A fig tree?" The rich man was very surprised. "Why, how old are you, may I ask?" "I am ninety years old this year." "What ?" cried the man. "You are ninety years old. You are planting a very young tree now and it will take years to give fruit. You certainly don't hope to live long enough to get any fruit from this tree." The old man looked around the garden. Then he said with a smile, "Tell me , sir. Did you eat figs when you were a boy?" "Sure , why do you ask this question?" the man asked. "Then tell me this,"he said. "Who planted the fig tree?" "Why-why? I don't know." "You see, sir. Our forefather planted trees for us to enjoy and I am doing the same for the people after me."
The rich man was quiet and said, "You are right, my good man. We should do something for the people after us. Thank you very much." The rich man rode away.
The question is: What was the old man doing when the rich man saw him?
The possible answers are:
A:He was ready to plant a fig tree.
B:He was exercising in his garden.
C:He was riding along the road.
D:He was watering the plants in his garden.Working on a team is a good thing. But it can bring you some troubles. If people on your team are not good at communicating, you may often feel terrible. To create a successful team, good communication is the most necessary part for both team members and the leader. The following are some helpful suggestions.
Don't criticize other people. When someone on your team does something wrong, don't criticize him. You can help him to find out reasons and then help him to solve the problem. Criticizing your team members too often may make them keep away from you. As a result, you may feel lonely.
Think about other people's ideas carefully. When someone tells you about his ideas, you should think about them carefully, no matter how silly they may seem. This shows you are interested in his ideas and makes him feel good.
Listen to other people actively. When someone is speaking to you, you need to listen to him actively. If you're unclear about something, you should ask him about it. By doing this you can clear up any confusion  before moving on.
Share your ideas with other people. When you have a new idea, talk about it with your team members. This helps to improve the idea. Besides this, it also helps to improve your relationships between you and your team members.
The question is: For team members and the leader,  _  is the most necessary part to create a successful team.
The possible answers are:
A:communicating well
B:dealing with criticism
C:sharing ideas
D:listening to othersA thousand years ago, Hong Kong was covered by a thick forest. As more and more people came to live in Hong Kong, these trees were cut down and burnt.  Now there is no forest left, though there are still some small areas covered with trees. We call these woods.
Elephants, tigers and many other animals were living in the thick forest. When people came to live in Hong Kong, the animals began to die out. Early farmers grew rice and kept pigs and chickens in the valleys. They cut down the trees and burnt them. They needed fire to keep themselves warm in winter, to cook their food and to keep away the dangerous animals. Elephants quickly disappeared because there was not enough food for them. Many other animals soon died in the same way.
You might think that there are no longer any animals in Hong Kong except in 2005. But there are still about 36 different animals living there. One of the most interesting of Hong Kong's animals is the barking deer. These are beautiful little animals with a rich brown coat and a white patch under the tail. They look like deer but they are much smaller. They are less than two feet high. They make a noise rather like a dog barking. In Hong Kong the barking deer has only a real enemy---- men. People hunt these little animals though it is illegal, There are now not many barking deer left. So it is important for people to protect wild animals.
The question is: Elephants quickly disappeared because   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:they didn't want to live there
B:there wasn't enough food for them to eat
C:they liked living with other people
D:they didn't like Hong Kong at allChen Guangbiao was born in Jiangsu in July,1968. He is the chairperson of a company in Jiangsu. Now he is one of China's richest men and he has donated a great amount of money to charity projects. He says he will donate everything he has to charity after he dies.
When people are in need of help, he will appear at once. He helped people during the Wenchuan earthquake, the Yunnan earthquake and the Taiwan earthquake. He also gave a helping hand in Japan's earthquake. He has built many Hope Primary Schools to support the education in poor areas.
He doesn't do charity for honour. He wants to encourage more people to make contributions to charity. After announcing he would donate everything to charity after his death, many businesses, overseas Chinese people and common people encouraged by him have also promised to do something for charity.
As a philanthropist  , he is asked for help every day. Sometimes he gets very tired, but he has never stopped caring.
So far, he has received a lot of awards, including Pioneer of the Year, and National May Day Labour Medal. He is considered as one of China's top philanthropists.
The question is: Which of the following is NOT mentioned in the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:He is from Jiangsu.
B:He has got a lot of awards.
C:He has helped people in need.
D:He has visited many countries.Black is the color of power. It has the meaning of submission . It is popular in fashion because it makes people look thinner.
White is the color for brides . White is considered a summer color. White is popular in fashion because it is light and goes with everything.
Red is a hot and strong color. It can make the heart beat faster. It is also the color of love. Red clothes can make people look heavier. And red things get noticed more than things that are another color.
The color of the sky and the ocean, blue, is one of the most popular colors. It is often used in bedrooms. Blue can also be cold and make people feel sad.
Green means nature. It is the most comfortable color on the eyes and can improve vision . It is a calming color. Hospitals often use green because it can make patients relax.
Yellow is the most difficult color for the eyes to take in. Yellow is the color of sunshine. It is a warm color like red. On the one hand, it is the color of happiness and joy. On the other hand, it means fear and dishonest behavior.
The question is: Red is the color of   _   according to the passage.
The possible answers are:
A:fear
B:love
C:joy
D:sadnessGrandmother's Favourite Doll  
A little girl had a doll. She loved it so much that she would treat it with great care, even though her friends would laugh at her for being so careful.
As time passed, the girl grew up, moved houses, became an adult, married, had children, and finally became a lovely little old woman with many grandchildren.
One day, she returned to her hometown, found her _ house, and went in. Among hundreds of old things, the now-old little girl found her doll. It was as well looked after as before. She took it home with her and gave it to her granddaughter. Her granddaughter loved it.
Each time the old woman saw her granddaughter playing with the doll, tears   of joy would roll down her cheeks  . She was so glad to see now it was in the hands of her granddaughter.
The question is: The little girl's friends laughed at her because she   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:looked so thin and ugly
B:didn't get on well with her friends
C:treated her doll so carefully
D:didn't like to play games with themHello, I'm Lily. I am a student of No. 6 Middle School. I like singing and dancing. I can sing pop music very well. I like eating meat, because I think it's very delicious. I am good at English, because I like it very much.
My mother is a shop assistant. She likes listening to Zhang Xueyou's songs. She always goes shopping with me. She's good at maths. When I have problems with maths she often helps me. My father is a manager. He always goes to the park with me. My father is good at Chinese and he also likes pets very much. My sister is a student of fourteen years old. She's a small famous singer in the city. She likes singing and dancing. She can sing very well.
The question is: How many people are there in Lily's family?
The possible answers are:
A:Three
B:Four
C:Five
D:SixThe people of ancient Egypt began their new year in summer. That is when the Nile River flooded its banks, bringing water and fertility   to the land. Today, most people celebrate New Year's Day on January 1. People celebrate the New Year's holiday in many different ways.
The ancient Babylonians celebrated by forcing their king to give up his crown ( )and royal clothing. They made him get down on his knees and _ all the mistakes he had made during the past year.
Making New Year's resolutions is a common American tradition. Today, popular resolutions might include the promise to lose weight, stop smoking, or be more productive  at work. People offer New Year's resolutions of their own. For example, one person decided to get a cat. Another promised to stop telling stories about other people. Other people use New Year's resolutions to make major changes in their lives. One such resolution might be to "stop and smell the flowers." This means to take time to enjoy simple pleasures. Another resolution might be "don't sweat the small stuff." This means not to worry or get angry about unimportant problems. Another resolution might be to forget about bad things that happened in the past.
The question is: "Stop and smell the flowers" means "  _  ".
The possible answers are:
A:to have fun, not just work hard all the time
B:not to get worried or mad about little things
C:to be thankful for the important things
D:to enjoy the simple pleasure in livesA picture is on my desk. It is a picture of Mary's family. The man is her father Mr. White. He is a doctor. A woman is behind Mary. She is her mother. She's a teacher. A boy is in the picture, too. He is Mary's brother, Sam. Mary and Sam are in the same school. But they aren't in the same grade. They look like their mother. The White family are English. They come from London.
The question is: Is the picture about the White family?
The possible answers are:
A:Yes, it is.
B:No, it isn't.
C:Yes, they do.
D:No,they don't.Japanese people work very hard at studying English. They start studying English at the age of 12. Most young Japanese people spend a lot of time and work hard at studying English, but Japanese people are not good at English. Here are the reasons:
There are few people from English-speaking countries in Japan. They don't have enough chances to speak with them.
Japan is an island country and they feel that other countries are far away. So they don't use English very often. And the Japanese feel that it is strange  to talk to each other in English.
The Japanese education doesn't always follow the educational trends  in the world. It puts a lot of importance on grammar and vocabulary, and less on speaking, listening and reading skills.
Many Japanese students' English becomes worse  after they go to university .They have to learn English again if they work in English-speaking countries.
Sometimes the Japanese feel shy about speaking wrong or broken English.
The question is: How is the university students' English in Japan?
The possible answers are:
A:Very good
B:Worse than before
C:Very bad
D:As good as beforeValentine's Day is on February 14th every year.  On this day, people send valentines to their loved ones. Valentine's Day is a special time to tell how much you care about a person.
Many people send candy in hearted shaped boxes to people they love. Flowers are also presents that people send on Valentine's Day. Valentine cards with words are often used by many people.
Can you guess who gets the greatest number of Valentine cards in the USA each year? Is It mother or father, sister or brother? Is it uncle or aunt? Is it the special friend? No, it isn't!
Mothers get a lot of cards, but school teachers get the most each year. Do you know who sends the most? Children do. Children send five times as many on February 14 th as adults do.
The question is: Which of the following is TRUE?
The possible answers are:
A:Flowers are the best present for Valentine's Day.
B:All valentines are red and white.
C:Adults never get cards on Valentine's Day.
D:Adults send fewer cards than children do.Beijing Opera is my favourite. Bao Zheng always has a black face and Guan Yu has a red face in Beijing Opera. But many people don't know why.
I come from America and I have lived in China for six years. I like Beijing Opera very much. I think Beijing Opera is very interesting. I can learn a lot about Chinese history. Now let me tell you the art of Beijing Opera facial  paintings .
In Beijing Opera facial paintings, different colours and patterns  are for different roles. For example, a black face for fair   people. A red face is for brave  people. A white face is for bad people. Blue and green faces are for heroes . The gold face is for gods.
The question is: In Beijing Opera, a   _   face is for brave people.
The possible answers are:
A:red
B:black
C:white
D:greenIn the last eight years, a lot of bees have disappeared. Scientists have been studying why those bees have been leaving their hives and not returning. They believe that their living environment may be changing.
Now, the US government is stepping in to help fight this problem. President Barack Obama has asked for $50 million(310 million yuan ) in his 2015 budget to fight this problem, and has announced the start of the Pollinator Health Task Force. This group will work on keeping the US bee population healthy and strong, and will show people what they can do to help bees.
Even though many people may not like bees, they are an important part of how we grow food. As pollinators , they move from one plant to another. Through pollination, plants can grow seeds and fruit. It's said that at least 90 kinds of plants including nuts,  fruits and vegetables depend on bees for pollination.
The new Pollinator Health Task Force will work hard to protect bees, and build new hives for pollinators. It also plans to start a public education activity to make more people know the importance of pollinators, and actions that can be taken to protect them. The group will reach out to schools, libraries, museums and so on.
Obama said that helping save the bee population will avoid other losses for the agricultural sector  , and will help protect the health of the environment.
The question is: What is the major problem that scientists have been studying?
The possible answers are:
A:Why a lot of bees can't give birth to babies.
B:Why many bees won't return after leaving their hives.
C:Why many hives have disappeared in the last eight years.
D:What environment bees should live in.When we talk about red packets, the most important question is "What are you going to do with it?" One thing you could do is to put your money in the bank.
Maybe you don't know, some students in Hubei began to use the Xiaogui Dangjia bank card this year. This is a card for children. It is from China Minsheng Bank in Wuhan.
Wang Ming is a 14-year-old junior student in Wuhan. He said "All my pocket money has a place to go now. I can pay my own school fees  ."
Zhu Yu, a manager   of Minsheng Bank, said that they knew lots of students who didn't know how to use their money. So they wanted them to know how to use it carefully. Parents worry that children don't know how to take care of the money by themselves. Shen qiangqiang's mother like the card very much. Shen was asking his mother for a computer for a long time, but his mother didn't buy it for him. She said, "We want him to use his card to save money for the computer. If we buy everything he asks for, he will think money comes too easily, and he won't work hard for it."
Today, there are many different kinds of bank cards. They are from different banks. People put their money in them. Then they can use their money at any time. People can do many things with bank cards. They can wash cars, go shopping, eat delicious food and travel to other places with the money in their bank cards.
The most important thing is not "How much did you get?" It is necessary for everyone to learn how to save your money and use your money correctly.
The question is: Which of the following is Not right?
The possible answers are:
A:Not all the students use money correctly.
B:People use bank cards to do lots of things.
C:Students can put their money in banks.
D:All the children know how to look after money.In most parts of the world, many students help their schools make less pollution.They join environment clubs.In an environment club, people work together to make our environment clean.
Here are some things students often do.
No-garbage lunches.How many lunch bags do you throw away after lunch? Environment clubs ask students to bring their lunches in bags that can be used again.Every week they will choose the classes that make the least garbage and report them to the whole school.
No-car day.On a no-car day, nobody comes to school in a car including the students and the teachers.Cars give pollution to us, so remember:
Walk, jump, bike, or run!
Use your legs! It's lots of fun!
Turn off the water! Do you know that some toilets can waste twenty to forty cubic meters of water an hour? In a year, that would fill in a small river. In the environment clubs, students mend those broken toilets.
We love our environment.Let's work together to make it better.
The question is: On a no-car day,  _   will take a car to school.
The possible answers are:
A:both students and teachers
B:only students
C:neither students nor teachers
D:only teachersYou may not have heard the words "freshman fifteen" before, but they are very important for students who are entering university. A freshman is a first-year college student. "Fifteen" refers to fifteen pounds--the fifteen pounds added to a student's weight in his or her first year. There are a number of reasons why first-year university students gain (n) weight; but it's encouraging to know that freshmen don't have to add these harmful fifteen pounds.
Mistakes choosing food
University kitchens serve many kinds of food. Some students choose unhealthy food,because now their parents are not nearby to help them choose. Some students visit the kitchen many times while studying. Late at night, some students get harmful fast food such as fish and chips with Coke to drink. Students also have less time for walking, running, and doing sports because of their schoolwork.
Eating right
If you,re careful, you don,t have to add fifteen pounds. Here are some ideas:
l Think more about what you eat.
l Eat plenty of vegetables and healthy meats.
l Don't eat desserts full of sugar; have fruit after dinner.
l Try not to eat so much unhealthy food while you study.
l It,s all right to have a little fast food sometimes--but not often.
l Write down the foods you eat.
l Walk, run, do sports--move and you will feel better!
Remember that the "freshman fifteen" can happen to anyone. Talk to your friends about it. Together, try to eat healthy food and not to eat unhealthy food. Walking, running, and playing sports is always more fun with friends. Help each other and you can have a healthy and happy freshman year.
The question is: Which of these ideas would the writer of the reading probably agree with?
The possible answers are:
A:You'd better not eat unhealthy food.
B:Not eating unhealthy foods is easier with friends' help.
C:Gaining fifteen pounds can help you study better.
D:Some students can eat anything they want.Mr. Hunt was living in a village and he wanted to go to an office one day. He got into his car and drove to the city. He went there without any trouble and stopped in front of the door. He locked his car and started to go into the office, but then he turned around and went back to his car. "I've left my keys in it!" he said to himself. Then he called his wife and said, "Excuse me, but I've locked my keys in my car, please bring your keys to me."
Mrs. Hunt got into their second car and drove thirty kilometers to her husband. But while Mr. Hunt was waiting, he walked around his car and tried the other door. It was not locked. He locked it quickly before his wife arrived.
,.
The question is: Mr. Hunt went to the city  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:by bus
B:by bike
C:in his car
D:by planeMy name's Molly. I'm a lion. I am three years old .My favorite food is meat and I like to eat little animals .I like the forest ,but I live in the zoo now, I live in a big cage. I can't run and I can't see my parents,I don't like the zoo or the cage. Every day I get up in the cage ,I have breakfast,lunch and dinner in the cage. I sleep in the cage .I really want to run in the forest and live with my parents.
The question is: Molly is a(n)  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:tiger
B:elephant
C:lion
D:giraffeFor a student, reading ability is very important in our study. How to read faster and understand better? Here is some advice for you.
1. Find Your Purpose for Reading
Before you start reading, ask yourself why you are reading this book. Most people read for two main reasons---pleasure or knowledge. Being clear about your reading purpose not only helps you to stay away from books that you don't need to read. It also reminds you why reading the. book is important to you when you are reading it. You can easily keep reading and finish the book faster.
2. Read Only What You Are Interested in
Whether you're reading fiction or nonfiction, it's important to enjoy what you read. Your friends may share books they love, but those books might not be the ones you enjoy.
3. Give up Books That You Don't Enjoy
You may have chosen books that agree with your purpose. You may have chosen books that you are interested in. But when you are reading them, there may still be some books that you won't enjoy reading, Whenever you realize that you aren't enjoying the book you are reading, give it up. Remember reading shouldn't be a chore. 4. Give Yourself a Deadline to Finish Each Book
Before you read each book, ask yourself when you need to finish this book by. What I find interesting is that I read books that I borrow from libraries faster than the books I bought. The reason is the books I bought don't have a due date! I don't need to return those books, When you don't set a _ to finish your book. There isn't a sense of urgency . And when something isn't urgent, you will like to put it off.
The question is: The writer reads books borrowed from the library faster than the books he bought because  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:they are easy
B:he has more time to read them
C:he likes them better
D:the books he bought have no due dateHere comes the last term of Junior 3. Terrible! The big exam is coming in less than two months. You still have a lot to do. How will you spend it? We invited three students to share their stories.
Dou Yi, 15,Beijing
My chemistry  used to be poor in the past. I got scores of around 40 on every test. During the last term, I decide to beat chemistry. I will start to work hard. In class I take every possible note. After school, I spend most of my time studying chemistry. My parents also ask their friend, a chemistry teacher, to help me . Finally in the latest exam, I got 65! How happy I am!
Wang Zhaolin, 16, Chongqing
My foot got hurt a week before the big PE exam . Luckily, I recovered  in time. For PE , all you need is to practice. Sports can also help you relax. Be careful not to get hurt as I did.
Wang Feixuan, 15, Xi'an
My experience is that for Junior3, every minute of the last term is important. Don't waste any of them. I try to remember English words while waiting in line to get my lunch. I read textbooks on the bus to and from school. I work hard at home and sometimes stay up late studying. Want to have fun? Leave it for the summer holiday after the big exam!
The question is: Which of the following sentences is WRONG?
The possible answers are:
A:The big exam is coming less than two months from now
B:Dou Yi's chemistry is much better now
C:Wang Zhaolin's foot got hurt after the PE exam
D:Wang Feixuan tries to remember English words while waiting in line to get her lunchTommy and his mother go shopping  today. Tommy's father likes apples very much. They buy some red apples for him. Tommy's mother likes yellow bananas, but the bananas are green. "Look! The strawberries are very nice, Mom. Do you like them?" Tommy says to his mother. "Yes, I like strawberries very much." Tommy's mother buys some for herself  . The oranges are very nice. Tommy's mother buys some for Tommy. He likes oranges very much.
They need some vegetables. The vegetables in the supermarket are very good. They buy some tomatoes, cabbages and carrots. Tommy doesn't like carrots, but his parents like it. They like carrots very much. They buy lots of carrots.
The question is: Tommy's mother buys oranges for    _   .
The possible answers are:
A:herself
B:Tommy
C:Tommy's father
D:Tommy's sisterWe were standing at the top of a church tower. My father had brought me to this spot in a small town not far from our home in Rome. I wondered why.
"Look down, Elsa," Father said. I gathered all my courage and looked down. I saw the square in the center of the village, And I saw the criss-cross  of streets leading to the square. "See, my dear," Father said gently, "There is more than one way to the square. Life is like that. If you can't get to the place where you want to go by one road. try another."
Now I understood why I was there, Earlier that day I had begged my mother to do something about the awful lunches that were served at school. But she refused because she didn't believe the lunches were as bad as I said.
When I turned to Father for help, he would not interfere . Instead, he brought me to this high tower to give me a lesson. By the time we reached home, I had a plan.
At school the next day, I secretly poured my lunch soup into a bottle and brought it home. Then I asked our cook to serve it to Mother at dinner. _ She swallowed one spoonful and sputtered, "The cook must have gone bad!" Quickly I told what I had done, and Mother stated firmly that she would deal with the matter of lunches at school the next day!
In the following years I often remembered the lesson Father taught me. I began to work as a fashion designer two years ago. I wouldn't stop working until I tried every possible means to my goal. Father's wise words always remind me that there is more than one way to the square,
The question is: What did the author's mother think of her lunch soup after she tasted it?
The possible answers are:
A:It wasn't so bad as the author said.
B:It was delicious.
C:It couldn't be worse.
D:It was as good as her cook did.Life in the future will be different from life today.
The population  is growing fast. There will be more people in the world and most of them will live longer.
Computer will be much smaller and more useful, and there will be at least one in each home. And computer science will be one of the most important subjects in school then.
People will work fewer hours than they do now, and they will have more free time for sports, watching TV and travel.
Our food will be different, too. More land  will be used for building new towns and houses for people. So there will be less land for cows and sheep, and meat will be more expensive. Maybe no one will eat it one day. They will eat more fruits and vegetables.
Work in the future will also be different. Robots will do dangerous and hard work. Because of this, many people will have no jobs to do. This will be a big problem in the future.
,.
The question is: People may not eat as much   _   as they do today.
The possible answers are:
A:fruit
B:meat
C:vegetables
D:foodChen Guangbiao was born in Jiangsu in July,1968. He is the chairperson of a company in Jiangsu. Now he is one of China's richest men and he has donated a great amount of money to charity projects. He says he will donate everything he has to charity after he dies.
When people are in need of help, he will appear at once. He helped people during the Wenchuan earthquake, the Yunnan earthquake and the Taiwan earthquake. He also gave a helping hand in Japan's earthquake. He has built many Hope Primary Schools to support the education in poor areas.
He doesn't do charity for honour. He wants to encourage more people to make contributions to charity. After announcing he would donate everything to charity after his death, many businesses, overseas Chinese people and common people encouraged by him have also promised to do something for charity.
As a philanthropist  , he is asked for help every day. Sometimes he gets very tired, but he has never stopped caring.
So far, he has received a lot of awards, including Pioneer of the Year, and National May Day Labour Medal. He is considered as one of China's top philanthropists.
The question is: Which do you think is the best title for the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:Earthquakes
B:Hope Primary Schools
C:Pioneer of the Year
D:Philanthropist Chen GuangbiaoYesterday was my friend Bert's birthday. He invited me to his house for his birthday party. Another friend Guy could take me to the party by car.
Well,I was getting dressed when Guy rang and said he was ill. So I decided to go by train. Unluckily, when I was talking on the phone, the cat walked over my shirt. Then I spent a few minutes finding another one and I was late for leaving.
As I was walking to the station, it started snowing and I got very cold. I just missed  a train and I had to wait for another one. Half an hour later, the train arrived. I was so cold and tired that I fell asleep on the train and missed my station.
Well, I got off at the next station, and decided to walk to Bert's house. I walked for 10 minutes but I got lost. Then I took a taxi. When I arrived at Bert's house, the party nearly finished and people were leaving. What a terrible day!
The question is: When the writer knew Guy was ill, he decided to go to party
The possible answers are:
A:by train.
B:on foot .
C:by bus.
D:by car.We live in the computer age. People use computers to do much of their work, such as playing games, listening to music, shopping and so on. But few people know how to take care of them. Please remember the following when you use your computer:
1.Keep your computer in a dry cool room. Too much heat is bad for computers.
2. Do not smoke near your computer. Smoking is also bad for them.
3. Do not drink or eat near computers. A little water and pieces of food in the keyboard are also bad for a computer.
4. Keep your screen clean and do not have it too bright. They are bad for your eyes. Make sure the screen is not too far or too near your eyes when you use a computer.
The question is: What can people do with computers?
The possible answers are:
A:playing games.
B:listening to music.
C:shopping.
D:all of them above.Waiters wanted
King Restaurant needs five waiters. If you want to find a new job, you can come here. Please call John at 678-5342. To get to the restaurant, you just have to cross North Road. It's next to the bank.
Teachers wanted
Do you want to be a teacher? Are you friendly to kids? Can you sing, dance or play the piano? We need a man teacher and a woman teacher to teach music. It's not difficult! Please call Mr. Clark at 415-3440.
My lost pet
My pet Nini is a small brown cat. I played ball games with Nini in Central Park last Saturday. Then she ran after the ball and did not come back. I am worried about her.
If you see her, please call Sara at 283-2585. Thank you!
Specials
We have some great specials. We have different kinds of noodles, dumplings and soup. Would you like a big bowl of noodles for 12 yuan or a small one for just 8 yuan? You can also order our delicious chicken soup. It's only 9 yuan. Welcome to our restaurant!
,.
The question is: . The school needs   _   teachersto teach music.
The possible answers are:
A:five
B:four
C:three
D:twoMy name is Frank White. I'm fourteen years old. I was born on May 13th, 1992. Mike is my good friend. His birthday is May 15th.He is only 12 years old now. Every year on May 14th,we have a birthday party together at our school. We often have a pop concert. I play the guitar. He plays the drums. Many friends come  to our party. We are very happy .
The question is: Frank's birthday is  _   .
The possible answers are:
A:May 14th
B:May 13th
C:May 15th
D:May 16thWhat can technology do to make the world better? Three young people are starting new businesses to answer the question.
Eighteen-year-old Mach was the youngest person in Poland to receive money from others to develop his company. He started FIVE, a mobile messaging app , for deaf people. The app lets deaf people create their own hand signs to communicate with friends. The app now has more than 10,000 deaf users. And Mach thinks there will be about 150,000 more deaf users next year. Mach says, "I love to create. I will stick to it to the end of my life."
William Zhou was born in Beijing and grew up in Canada. He strongly wanted to make a change in education. So he created CHALK. It is a group of programs that supports individual teaching and learning. CHALK is now used in 20,000 schools by more than 100,000 users worldwide. Zhou says you have to find something you truly care about. Or you may just end up giving it up.
George was born in Tanzania . He learned about renewable energy in Europe and began thinking about using solar energy in Africa. Tanzania is a place with bright sunshine, but more than 90 percent of people have no electricity to use. After graduation, George returned to Tanzania and started his own company, SunSweet Solar. It has found early success in rural areas. George hopes to create jobs and help build his country. He understands the process will take time. "But I think we are on the right way."
The question is: William Zhou thinks  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:education needs to be changed
B:all the schools should use CHALK
C:people may end up giving up without CHALK
D:he will be a teacherThe phone rings. It's a friend who wants to tell you his or her latest health problems. You hate to be impolite and cut your friend off, but what can you do? Stephanie Winston, author of Stephanie Winston's Best Organizing Tips, offers his advice:
Don't ask questions like "What's new?" They give the information that you have time to talk. After "hello", get right to the heart of the matter.
Time your calls wisely. If you make a call right before lunch or dinner, or at the end of the workday, people chat less.
Set a time limit. Start with, "Hi, I've only got a few minutes, but I wanted to talk to you about...." Or, "Gee, I'd love to talk more, but I only have a couple of minutes before I have to leave."
Jump on a pause. Even the most talkative caller has to pause now and then. Quickly say, "It has been great talking with you." Then end the conversation.
Forget niceties. Some people just don't take a hint. Cut your caller off and say, "I'd like to talk to you longer, but I'm afraid I have no enough time. Good bye." Then hang up.
Find "a partner in crime". If nothing else works, ask someone in your home to help you. For example, one woman gives a sign to her husband, who shouts, "Jane, I think the roast chicken is burning."
Avoid the phone completely. Use an answering machine to screen calls. If you have an important message for a chatterbox, leave the message when he or she isn't in.
The question is: What's Winston's advice about?
The possible answers are:
A:How to talk on the phone.
B:How to make calls wisely.
C:How to make a phone call.
D:How to keep phone calls short.David comes from the train station and he doesn't know where to go. This is the first time he comes to this town. He comes to see his good friend, Peter. Peter is a doctor. He works in a hospital. But David doesn't know where the hospital is.
He walks in the street. He passes a bank, a post office, a hotel and at last he goes to a school. Some students are coming out, so he asks one of the students, "Excuse me. Which is the way to People's Hospital?"
"Well, I know, you can go along this street, take the second turning on the right, and then take the third turning on your left. It's next to a museum."
"I'm sorry I can't follow you."
"Well, I just live near there, and my mother works in that hospital, too. I'm going home now. Will you go with me? I'll take you there."
"That's great! Thank you very much!"
"Then, let's go to the bus stop. And we'll take the No.12 bus there."
The question is: The student's mother works in   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:hospital
B:the hospital
C:a school
D:post officePeter's uncle lives in the country. He is a man full of humor  . One day, Peter went to see his uncle. His uncle drove his car to the station to meet him. On their way home, they saw many people. His uncle waved   to everybody. Peter was surprised   and said,"Uncle,you wave to everybody. Do you know all of them?"
"No,Peter," answered his uncle. "When I wave to someone who knows me, he'll feel happy. When I wave to someone and he doesn't know me, he will feel surprised and then he will have something to think about,he will make his road seem shorter  . So I can make everybody happy."
The question is: Peter's uncle   _  there.
The possible answers are:
A:doesn't know anybody
B:knows some of those people
C:knows everybody
D:doesn't know those peopleFour men who would become fathers were in a hospital waiting room while their wives were going to give birth to their babies. The nurse arrived and proudly said to the first man, "Congratulations, sir. You're the father of twins!"
"What a surprise! Believe it or not! I work for the Minnesota Twins Baseball teams!"
Later the nurse returned and congratulated the second father on the birth of his triplets  .
"Wow! That's unbelievable! I work for the 3M Company."
An hour later, the nurse returned to congratulate the third man on the birth of his quadruplets  . Surprised, he only could answer, "I don't believe it! I work for the Four Seasons Hotel!"
After this, everyone turned to the fourth man who had just fallen down. The nurse ran fast to his side. As he slowly came to himself, they could hear him speak in a very low voice over and over, "I should never have taken that job at 7-Eleven. I should never have taken that job at 7-Eleven. I should never have taken that job at 7-Eleven."
The question is: At least how many babies would be born according to the story?
The possible answers are:
A:9.
B:10.
C:11.
D:16.This summer I will leave the junior high school where I have been for three years. I am generally considered to be a careful and polite boy now. However, five years ago, I was a little bit bossy . I often fought with other boys and sometimes I even fought with my elder sister. When I saw Superman on TV for the first time, I dreamed of being a superman one day.
One P.E. class, I called up all of my friends to get together in our classroom. "Can anybody jump out of the window?" I asked them. After hearing this, all my friends kept silent. " _ ," I said. "Can you?" one of my friends asked me. "Sure!" I answered. "If I do it, I will get all the toys that you have. If I fail, you will get all of my toys, OK?" They said, "OK!"
Then I went up to the window of the second floor. I took a deep breath and then jumped down, stretching out my arms just like Superman. Then I hit the ground.
When I opened my eyes, I found myself lying in the hospital. I was taken to the hospital because my arms were badly hurt. Later, I heard that my P.E. teacher nearly lost his job for this, but I never received the serious punishment I feared.
The question is: Which of the following is TURE according to the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:There was only one child in the writer's family.
B:The writer used to behave very well.
C:The writer was afraid to jump out of the window.
D:Superman is one of the writer's favorite characters.One day Mrs Jones goes shopping alone . When Mr Jones comes home in the evening, she begins to tell him about a beautiful dress. "I see it in a shop this morning," she says, "and..." "And you want to buy it," says Mr Jones, "how much is it?" "Fifteen pounds." Every evening, when Mr Jones comes back from work, his wife goes on talking only about the dress. And at last, after a week, he says, "Oh, buy the dress! Here's the money!" She is very happy. But the next evening, when Mr Jones comes home and asks, "Have you got the famous  dress?" She says, "No." Why not?" he says. "Well, it is still in the window of the shop after a week. I think nobody else wants this dress. So I think it is not a good one!"
The question is: Mrs Jones tells Mr Jones about the dress every day because  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:it is really beautiful
B:she wants the shop
C:she wants Mr Jones to buy it for her
D:she likes it very muchLong long ago, the colours of the world started to quarrel. Green said, "Clearly I am the most important. I am the sign of life and hope. Without me, all animals would die." Blue said, "You only think about the earth instead of the sky and the sea. Without my peace, you would all be nothing. " Yellow laughed, "You are all so serious. I bring fun and warmth into the world. " Orange shouted, "1 am the colour of health and strength. I am the most important for I serve the needs of people' s life. " Red shouted out, "I am the most important of all. I am the colour of danger, bravery and love. I am brave to fight for truth. " Then Purple and Indigo came...
The colours went on quarrelling, each saying he or she was the most important. Their quarrelling became louder and louder. Suddenly it thundered and rained hard. The colours felt so frightened that they stopped quarrelling and got together for comfort .
At this time, rain began to speak, "You foolish colours, quarrelling among yourselves, each tried to be the most important. You don' t know that you each were made for a special purpose? Join hands with each other and come to me. "
Doing as they were told, the colours united   and joined hands. They formed a colourful rainbow. From then on, when a good rain washes the world, a rainbow appears in the sky. They begin to appreciate  each other.
The question is: The colours were quarrelling about  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:who was the cleverest
B:who was the strongest
C:who was the most important
D:who was the most beautifulEVERYONE is talking about bird flu . Yes it is a very dangerous disease that could make people very sick. It will be a few months before we have good medicine for bird flu.But that doesn't mean you can't do anything to prevent it now.
So far, all the people who have caught bird flu have been those who touched sick chickens or their droppings . So it is a good idea for people to stay away from live chickens. "People used to go to the markets to buy live chickens to eat, but now they have to change that habit," said Peter, an expert from World Health Organization. But if you do touch a sick bird, remember to wash your hands carefully with soap right away. Experts also say having good habits and a healthy body will help keep you safe from bird flu. For example, don't buy or eat birds that have not been checked. Don't eat anything that has touched raw meat. Also don't forget to open your windows often and exercise regularly. Getting enough sleep is also very important for fighting illness .If you feel sick, see a doctor right away.At present, no one in Shanghai has bird flu. But WHO says children under 12 years old could easily get sick with bird flu.
Try to stay away from people who have the flu, and always cover your mouth and nose when you cough or sneeze.
The question is: Which habit is not safe for fighting the illness?
The possible answers are:
A:To go to the market to buy live chicken to eat.
B:To wash your hands carefully with soap if you do touch a sick bird
C:To do some exercises regularly and keep healthy.
D:If you feel sick, see a doctor right away.Tom lived by himself a long way from town. He hardly went to town, but one day he went into town to buy a few things. After he bought them, he went into a restaurant and sat down at a table. When he looked around, he saw some old people put glasses on before reading their newspapers. So after lunch he decided to go to a shop to buy himself one pair, too. He walked along the road, and soon found a shop.
The man in the shop let him try on a lot of glasses, but Tom always said, "No, I can't read with these."
The man became puzzled   , and he said, "Excuse me, but can you read?"
"No, of course I can't!" Tom said angrily. "If I could read before, do you think I would come here to buy your glasses?"
The question is: Tom didn't go to town  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:never
B:often
C:some time
D:sometimeWhen we talk of plants, most of us will think of things that grow from the ground and have green leaves, but there are plants that do not look or act like other plants. Some of these belong to a special class of plants called fungi.
Fungi may appear almost everywhere. They commonly grow in wet places where they call get food and water easily. Because fungi do not have green leaves to make their own food, but fungi must take their food from animals, other plants or water. Some fungi live on dead or rotting wood, while others grow on living trees or in dirt or moss . Mushrooms are the best-known fungi.
There are many kinds of mushrooms appearing in all shapes and sizes. For example, cauliflower mushrooms are found in forests from July to October.They can grow to be as heavy as fifty pounds! They grow at the foot of trees Squirrel's bread is another kind of wild mushroom Its appearance and use Call explain its name. These fungi look like small golden cakes Squirrels can easily eat them or carry them off to their hole to eat later.
The mushrooms found in food stores are carefully grown by people who know they are safe to eat. People are warned never to touch of taste wild mushrooms because some of them are deadly. Even less dangerous ones cart still make a person very sick..
The question is: Where does Fungi not grow?  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:On dry wood
B:In places full of water
C:On living trees
D:Behind housesDo you want to be in good health? Try to do the following things! You can become strong.
Drink eight cups of water every day. Water helps your body in many ways. If you feel......,have a cup of water.
Don't forget to eat your breakfast. Breakfast gives you everything your body needs for the morning. So do not forget your breakfast.
Calcium . Your bones  need it. Milk has more calcium. You may also drink orange juice with calcium in it.
Go for a walk every day after meals. Walking is a good exercise, and people need exercise for good health, It's better to walk after meals.
Stretch for five minutes after sitting for one or two hours. Stretching your arms and legs is good for your body.
Use your brain  every day. For example, you can do crossword puzzles or read a new book.
Have a rest about twenty minutes when you are tired. You may do something different to have a break. For example,get up and walk. Or sit down to listen to music.
The question is: It's better to take a walk after meals, isn't it?
The possible answers are:
A:NO, it isn't
B:Yes, it is
C:No, it doesn't
D:Yes, it wasLin Feng is a student of Class One, Grade Seven. He likes basketball very much. He often plays it after school. And he often goes home late. His home is not far from school. And his mother knows _ . So she doesn't worry about him.
One Saturday morning Lin Feng goes to a shop with his mother. The shop is very big. There are many things in it. It sells clothes, food and books. Then his mother says to him, "What do you want?" "I want a red blouse." says Lin Feng. "a red blouse?" asks his mother. "You can't wear a red blouse."
Lin Feng smiled, "OK, please get me basketball clothes."
The question is: The shop has many things except    _  .
The possible answers are:
A:clothes
B:food
C:books
D:TVsThe judge  thought Geoffrey Payne killed his wife. Now for the first time Payne wrote to a magazine from the prison about what happened on the night of 13 October 1999.
I had to stay late at the hospital that night to do an operation. I finally left at about 11p.m.. I drove home slowly because the wind was blowing and it was raining heavily. I was running into our road when a man suddenly ran in front of my car. I almost hit him but I stopped just in time. I was scared and the man looked scared, too. I got out of the car but he ran away before I could ask if he was all right. It was very strange.
When I got home, the lights were on but it was very quiet. I called to my wife but there was no answer. Then I remembered that she was out at a concert.
I was still very unhappy about what happened on the road, so I made myself a drink. Then I went upstairs to have a bath. I saw that the window in the bedroom was open. This was strange because my wife always locked the doors and windows before she went out. She was afraid of burglars. When I went to close it, I found Ellen. She was lying on the floor. There was blood everywhere. I rushed over for her pulse but she was dead. I was so scared. I sat on the floor beside her body without knowing what to do.
The next thing I knew was that the sky was getting light. I can't remember a thing about that night. In the morning I phoned the police. They arrived half an hour after I phoned them. But it seemed like hours. During that time I tried hard to remember anything I could about the night before. I couldn't stop thinking about the man in the road. What was he doing at that time of night in our quiet neighborhood?
The question is: After he found Ellen dead, Payne  _
The possible answers are:
A:called out for help
B:called the police at once
C:was too scared to do anything
D:tried to find out the murderer"Charles Chaplin was horn in London on April 16,1889.His parents were music ball actors. The Chaplin family were very poor,and life was difficult in London. Charlie,as his job was an actor. What he did was to do silly things to make called, used to do his mother's job in the theatre when she was ill.
When he was only 17 years old,Chaplin got his first real job as an actor. What he did was to do silly things to make people laugh in the theatre.Seven years later he went to the USA. And over the next four years,he formed his own way of art. He developed the character of a homeless gentleman which became very popular.
From the 1920s to the 19S0s.Chaplin made his most famous films. The film Modern Times(1936) shows his care about the modern industry workers. Many of his films describe the poor life and hard time of the working people during that period.
Although Charlie Chaplin was British, he lived in the USA until 1953. But he never got US nationality. Then Chaplin ,his wife and his five children had to move to Switzerland where he lived until he died. When he was 83 years old,he won his only Oscar for the music he wrote for the film . He was named Sir Charles Chaplin at the age of 85. Charlie Chaplin died in Switzerland on December 25th,1975.
The question is: Chaplin used to  _  when his mother was ill.
The possible answers are:
A:look after her
B:do the housework
C:do his mother's job
D:do his father's jobDuring the day, you spend a lot of time running, jumping, laughing, eating, and talking. You use up a lot of energy  , and by the end of the day you're tired. Sleep gives your body a chance to rest.
But your brain  and body are not completely at rest during sleep. While you sleep, your mind may think of the things that happened during the day. It keeps the important things in mind as memories . It also thinks about things you were worrying about, and you may wake up with answers to some of your problems.
You also grow while you sleep. The thing called "human growth hormone  " in the body helps you grow during sleep. This growth hormone also helps the body to repair itself.
Sleep helps your body to conserve energy too. You use up a lot of energy during your daily activities. But when you sleep, your body temperature falls, and your "metabolism"   slows down. You are still using some energy, but much less than when you are awake and active.
Have you ever stayed up past your bedtime? Did you have difficulty getting up the next morning? Maybe you had problems seeing clearly or you cannot think clearly. That was your body's way of saying, "I need sleep!" A lack ( ) of sleep can stop your body and mind from working correctly.
The question is: According to the passage, which of the following tells you need sleep?
The possible answers are:
A:You use up a lot of energy.
B:You enjoy daily activities.
C:Your body temperature falls.
D:You don't want to get up.Americans with small families own a car. If both parents are working , they usually have two cars. When the family is larger, they will sell one of the cars and buy a van .
A small car can hold four persons and a large car can hold six persons but it is very crowded. A van can hold seven persons easily, so a family with three children can ask their grandparents to go on a holiday travel. They can all travel together.
Mr. Hagen and his wife had a third child last year. So they sold their second car and bought a van. They thought it would be more convenient for them to go out together.
Americans call vans motor homes. They always use them for holidays. When a family is traveling to the mountains or to the seaside, they can live in their motor home for a few days or weeks. All the members of a big family can enjoy a happier life when they are traveling together. That is why motor homes have become very popular.
The question is: A family with   _   usually has a van.
The possible answers are:
A:a baby
B:Much money
C:more than two children
D:interest in vansDo you want a job?Here are some positions for you. Please have a look!
*A WANTED
Are you hardworking? Do you like to meet people? If your answer is "Yes", and then we have a job for you as a waiter. Call AL Hotel at 556779!
*SUMMER JOB
Do you like to talk with people? Do you like to write stories? If you want to work for our magazines as a reporter, please call Karen at 558366.
*HELP WANTED
Do you like babies? Can you look after one baby for two days? If you are sure to take good care of it, call us at 766588. Hurry!
*CLEANER WANTED
Can you make a large house clean and tidy? If you hope to get the job paid at $20 a time, call us this evening 18:00-20:00. Tel: 633800.
The question is: The above job ads are probably from   _        .
The possible answers are:
A:a newspaper
B:a story book
C:a science book
D:a guide bookAs we know, there are differences between western culture and Chinese culture. We can see  differences  when we pay attention to the words that are used. Let's look at the words about describing animals. Most phrases in Chinese about the dog. For example, " a  homeless dog", "a running dog",  and " a dog catching a mouse", have negative meanings.
But in western countries, dogs are considered honest and good friends of humans. In English, people use dogs to describe positive behavior. For example, "You are  lucky dog" means you are a  lucky person.   And  "Every dog has its day" means _ . To describe a person's serious illness, they say "sick as a dog". The  word  "dog-tired"  means  " very tired". The  words  about animals are used in positive or negative ways in different cultures. We can learn about many differences in cultures by comparing how certain words are used.
The question is: In English ,people use dogs to describe positive behavior because  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:they have different culture
B:they think dogs are honest and good friends of humans
C:they like dogs very much
D:dogs are very activeLi Ming is a runner, he runs for the spring sports on the playground every day.Our school is holding the sports meeting today.Li Ming is in the 1500 Meters'Race.At first he runs very fast,but then he falls on the ground.His left leg is hurt.It is a long way from the end of the race.What will he do? People are looking at  him.Li Ming gets up a nd walks the rest of the way.Li Ming doesn't win the race,but he wins a prize for walking.
The question is: Our school holds a   _   sports meeting today.
The possible answers are:
A:winter
B:summer
C:autumn
D:springTime Temp Glasses
Are you a person who wants to know the time and temperature during the day? You might like Temp Glasses. These special glasses show the time above your right eye and the temperature your left eye. It is surely easier than wearing a wristwatch, and you never have to guess the Tature.
Alarm  Fork
Do you eat too quickly? Do you eat too much? How can the Alarm Fork help you? Aren't you is  ? Well, this special fork has two lights: one green and one red. When the green is on, it's OK to eat a piece of food. The fork "knows" when you eat a piece, and soon the red goes on. Wait for the green light before you eat another piece.
Smell This
Sow do you know if your breath smells nice, or if it smells bad? It's difficult It) know, because it's very hard to smell the air that comes out of your own mouth. Smell This is useful for this ion. Smell This covers your nose and your mouth. Docs your breath smell nice, or do you need a piece of gum ?
Banana Suitcase 
Has this ever happened to you? You put a banana in your bag lunch in the morning, and when pen the bag at noon, the banana looks like someone drove a car over it. If you put your banana Banana Suitcase, this will never happen. It keeps a banana safe, delicious, and looking like a m!
The question is: A person who wants to lose weight may be interested in  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:Time Temp Glasses
B:Alarm Fork
C:Smell This
D:Banana Suitcase.British people are famous for drinking tea. But brother and sister, Sarah and Bobby Green, became young millionaires when they opened a chain of American-style coffee shops in the UK.
Having the idea: It started when Sarah took a weekend trip to New York to visit her brother Bobby. One evening, in a Thai restaurant, Sarah told Bobby how much she wished she could buy American-style coffee in London. Bobby suggested they started their own coffee shop. Sarah fell in love with the idea.
Doing the Research: Back in London, she spent a whole day on the London subway, getting off the train at different stations to taste the coffee. "It was terrible, and I knew there was a gap   in the market." In 1995, they opened their first Coffee Republic shop in central London.
Making it work: The first year was very difficult. British people were not used to the names of American coffees, like latte and macchiato. But being successful was their dream and they were not going to give up. Today, there are over 100 Coffee Republic shops all over the country and the company has PS30 million a year.
Advice for others: Sarah has now written a best-selling book about their experience, calledAnyone Can Do It ! She hopes it will help other young people to start their own businesses. She says, "If you think you have the energy, then get out and follow your dream."
The question is: Which of the following information is mentioned  in the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:Sarah was not interested in Bobby's idea.
B:British people never drank coffee before 1995.
C:Sarah's best-selling book is about how to make coffee.
D:Sarah found a business chance while doing the research.Are you carrying too much on your back at school? I'm sure lots of children of your age will say "Yes". Not only the students in China have this problem, but children in the United States also have heavy school bags.
Doctors are starting to worry about young students' back and neck because their school bags are too heavy for them.
"It's hard for me to go upstairs with my heavy bag," said Rick Hammond, an ll-year-old student in the USA.
Rick is among students who have school bags with two straps ,and many other students choose rolling  bags.
But even with rolling bags ,getting upstairs is still a problem for children .Doctors say students should carry no more than 10% to 15% of their own body weight  . 
Scott Bautch, a back doctor, said children under Grade 4 should carry no more than 10% of their weight and older children shouldn't stay with over 15% , because their bodies are still growing.
Teachers and parents should do some things to help children. And the best answer is to have less homework!
The question is: Children feel it hard for them to go upstairs because  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:they are too young.
B:their school bags are too heavy.
C:they are too heavy.
D:their parents don't always go upstairs with them.Mary is an English girl. She's six years old . Her mother takes her to school in the morning and brings her home in the afternoon. She likes her nice school. She likes her teachers, too.
One day, she says   to her mother, " Mom, we have a new girl in our class today, Her name is Kim. She's six years old , too. She's very nice, but she isn't English. She is German ".
"Does she speak   English "?
"No, but she laughs  in English ", Mary says happily  .
The question is: _   takes Mary to school every day.
The possible answers are:
A:Her father
B:Her sister
C:Her mother
D:Her brotherOn a Friday night, a poor young violinist was playing his violin at the entrance of the subway station. The music was so great that people put some money into his hat.
The next day, the violinist came to the entrance again. He put down his hat as usual. Beside the hat was a piece of paper with some words on it: "A George Sang has put an important thing into my hat by mistake. Welcome to claim it."After a while a man named George Sang ran here quickly and got back his important thing.
The important thing was a lottery ticket .Sang bought it and won a prize of $500,000. But when he gave$50 to the violinist for his wonderful music, he threw the lottery ticket, too. The violinist was a college student. That morning, he was going to Vienna for his education. However, when he found the ticket, he _ the flight and returned to the entrance.
He said, "Although I don't have much money, I live happily. If I lose honesty , I won't be happy forever."
The question is: The young man played the violin for  _   at the entrance the next day.
The possible answers are:
A:honesty
B:money
C:food
D:happinessIf you love books, then"Three Cups of Tea"will be your favorite. It will take you on an adventure to one of the highest mountains in the world. You will learn how the people and children there lived and how the writer, Greg Mortenson , helped build an education system.
While climbing K2 in Pakistan, one of the world's most difficult mountains to climb, Greg Mortenson became ill and got lost. He got help in a small village. The people of the village took good care of him, feeding him and letting him sleep in a villager's house. They also gave him their best food: sweet tea.
When Mortenson was fine, he found that the children of the village worked and studied outdoors. Their teacher came only three times a week and they didn't have blackboards. They used sticks to write on the ground.
The day he left the village, he told them he would come back and build a school. His school would have both boys and girls. Later on, he came back and helped build a school, so the kids were able to study in the classroom with real writing instruments.
That was in 1993. Today Mortenson is going to build 80 schools in Central Asia. He started a foundation called the Central Asia Institute to raise money for these schools. He has helped more than 18,000 girls receive education so far.
The question is: From the passage we know that_had more chances to receive education in Pakistan mountains in the past.
The possible answers are:
A:boys
B:girls
C:the rich
D:the poorAn Englishman, a Frenchman and a Russian were discussing happiness. "Happiness," said the Englishman, "Happiness is when you return home tired after work, yet find your slippers  warming by the fire."
"You English have no romance," said the Frenchman. "Happiness is when you go on a business trip, find a pretty girl who entertains you -then afterwards you part  without regrets ."
"You are both wrong," said the Russian. "True happiness is when you are at home in bed and at 4 a.m., you hear a ring at the door and outside stand the secret police, who say to you, 'Ivanovitch, you are under arrest', and you say, 'Sorry, Ivanovitch lives next door.'"
The question is: The Englishman's happiness suggests that   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:he should have no time to warm his slippers
B:he enjoys the warmth of the family
C:he thinks it the most important to have slippers
D:he wants someone to warm his slippersThe famous fat and lazy cat Garfield is coming to China. In this American movie, Garfield acts with real actors. He makes trouble and dances like a star. He will make you laugh a lot.
Drawn by American Cartoonist Jim Davis since 1978, Garfield has fans all over the world. He likes eating, sleeping and watching TV. He hates doing exercise! "I'm lazy and fat. But I'm proud of it," he says. Garfield always sits in front of the TV eating lasagna( ),his favourite dish. Sometimes, he's rude to his owner Jon Arbuckle.
One day, Jon brings Odie, a homeless dog, into his home. Odie is cute. He gets all Jon's love. This turns Garfield's world upside down. Garfield wants the dog out of the house, and his life. One night, he kicks Odie out of the house. But later Garfield finds that Odie had been kidnapped  by a TV star! The man wants to use the dog in his shows. Garfield feels sorry for Odie. He sees he has done something wrong. He wants to make up for it. So Garfield gets off his favourite chair to try to save his friend.
The question is: Which of the following about Garfield is true?
The possible answers are:
A:He is a real cat.
B:His favourite dish is fish.
C:He never gets mad at people.
D:He's smart and funny.The Story of a Broken Bowl
Henry is a boy of nine. Three years ago he began to go to school. He studied hard and does well in his lessons. His parents like him very much.
Henry's grandpa is a single man. But once he lost a leg in a traffic accident. And now he can't work. He often tells the boy all kinds of interesting stories. Sometimes he makes a kite or a cage. And he teaches the boy how to catch the singing birds and how to give them food. The boy admires him very much and always stays with him when he's free. But Henry's mother didn't like the old man. She always thought him useless and dirty, and didn't let her son play with him but the boy didn't listen to her. When they sat at table, she put some food on another table and filled a broken bowl with rice and porridge. The old man was very sad but he dared not say anything. Henry was angry with his mother about it. One day he saw a broken bowl on his way home. He picked it up and put it into his bag. His mother found it and asked, " Why have you brought a broken bowl home, dear?" " I keep it for you." said Henry, "When you're old like my grandpa, I'll fill it with rice for you !" Having heard this, the woman began to cry. Since then she's been good to the old man.
The question is: Henry admires his grandpa because   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:he tells him a lot of interesting stories
B:he knows how to catch singing birds and give them food
C:he can make kites and cages
D:he's very able old manWinter Sale!
Winter is coming. So we are having a big and end-of-autumn sale. Look at the prices!
A blouse :$5     A coat:$20      A silk skirt: $28
A pair of trainers :$30            A pair of jeans:$30
Will you come to Reborn Fashion Shop on the 2nd floor of New Century Shopping Mall from Friday to Sunday?
Cash Back!
Spend twenty dollars in our shop, we will give you five dollars back. Spend 40 dollars, and you will get 10 dollars back.
Remember: only at weekends
You are welcome to Happy Times Doll Shop on the first floor of New Century Shopping
Mall.
Closing Down Sale!
Come to our shop next Monday. There is a discount on every kind of chocolate. And we will give you a big box of sweets for free  if you spend more than 20 dollars in our shop. So come to Sweetheart Chocolate Shop on the first floor of New Century Shopping Mall.
The question is: If you want to buy clothes at a lower price, where should you go?
The possible answers are:
A:Reborn Fashion Shop.
B:Happy Times Doll Shop.
C:Sweetheart Chocolate Shop.
D:The first floor of New Century Shopping Mall.Jim is a young farmer. He was once put into prison( ).
One day, he got a letter from his mother. " I'm so worried about our farm,"she wrote."it's time to plant potatoes. I can't dig ( ) all the fields( ) by myself."
Jim read the letter and became sad. " What can I do?" he thought. Then he had a good idea. He wrote to his mother," don't dig the fields. There is much money in the earth. Don't plant potatoes until I come home."
Some days later, Jim got another letter from his mother. It said, " Two days ago, about ten men came to our farm and dug all the fields. I can't understand it. It seemed that they were looking for something. What should I do?"
Jim smiled when he read his mother's letter. He wrote a letter to his mother at once. It was very short. Guess what it would say.
The question is: Jim's mother was much worried about  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:him
B:their farm
C:the potatoes
D:the moneyStudents like fast food  very much. Many of them like to meet friends in a fast food restaurant. They can eat many kinds  of food and listen to  music in the restaurant. They like to have chicken, French fries, hamburgers, salad and Cola. Their favorite food is ice-cream. But I don't think fast food is healthy. I like vegetables and fruits. They are healthy food.
The question is: _   are healthy food.
The possible answers are:
A:French fries and chicken
B:Hamburgers and Cola
C:Vegetables and fruits
D:Cola and ice creamThe last few days before Christmas passed quickly and it was soon Christmas Eve. That night when everyone went to bed, Bunny couldn't sleep. He still couldn't think of what he wanted his special Christmas gift to be. He wondered how Santa Claus would know what to bring him if he didn't know himself.
As he was sitting up in bed , Bunny heard a big noise on the roof and a sound downstairs. It was Santa Claus, he realized. Bunny jumped out of bed and raced down the hall to the stairs hoping to have a look at the old man with his own eyes.
By the time Bunny reached the bottom of the stairs, though, everything was again silent .Beautiful gifts were piled  under the Christmas tree, but Santa Claus was gone. He looked for him for a few minutes, but it was already too late. Bunny turned to climb back upstairs when he heard a cry.
"Hello," said Bunny. "Is somebody there?"
He was answered by another cry. Bunny looked around the big pile of gifts to see what was making the noise. Right under the tree was a funny looking brown animal with big feet and sad eyes. Bunny might have mistaken it for a dog, if it hadn't been for the antlers  on its head.
"Are you a reindeer?" asked Bunny.
"Yes," replied the animal, "my name is Ralph."
"And you were pulling Santa's sled ?"
"I was until I got air-sick," replied Ralph," I'm afraid I wasn't _ the job. Now I'm stuck here and I don't know how to get back to the North Pole."
"Well, if you like, you can stay with us as a friend," said Bunny. As he made the offer, Bunny suddenly realized the gift he wanted from Santa Claus was a new friend!
The question is: As soon as Bunny came downstairs, he   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:was probably very sad
B:found what he wanted
C:ran into a reindeer
D:heard a loud cryHello, I'm Linda. This is a photo of my friend's family. Her name is Jane. These are her parents, Jeff Brown and Emily Brown. Those are her brothers, Harry and Dick. Is that her grandfather? Yes, it is. His name is Henry.
.
The question is: What's Jane's family name?
The possible answers are:
A:Brown
B:Linda
C:Jeff
D:EmilyBad Hobbies
It's easier to walk downhill than to climb uphill. So it is easier to fall into bad habits than into good ones. Bad habits do not form suddenly. They form little by little, so you don't realize  their danger. Schoolboys and schoolgirls first pick up little bad habits at school or on the streets. When they cannot do their homework, they copy from their classmates. If they see bigger boys or girls smoking, they also want to learn to smoke. If they see their friends gambling ,they want to gamble. When they get older, the habits become stronger and stronger. Then they can no longer give them up. From copying, they learn to steal; from gambling, they learn to cheat. At last, no one believes in them. It is very important to stop bad habits as soon as they begin!
My son is eight years old. He is now in Grade Three. When he was five, he started school. Every evening we have homework battles. Three afternoons a week he has activities after school. By the time we get home, homework is the last thing he feels like doing. The other two afternoon, he gets home early and we argue  about whether he should do his homework straight away, or if he should have some time to rest and play first. When my son finally sits down to do his homework, he seems to want me there helping him all the time. I do want to help him, but I am sure that he can do it by himself. In fact, I often end up telling him the answers to most of his homework. He has fallen into the habit of depending on me to do this. He never wants to use his own brain.
My wife and I have given up all our outdoor activities. We sit with him when he does his homework. We want to train him form some good learning habits. But what should we do?
The question is: From gambling, they learn to    _   .
The possible answers are:
A:steal
B:smoke
C:cheat
D:fightScientists tell us so much about the moon, it is quite easy to tell what it is like. It's certainly not a friendly place. As there is no air or water, there can be no life of any kind. Mile after mile there are only plains  of dust with mountains around them above, the sun and the stars shine in the sky. If you _ the mountains' shadows  it will mean moving from terrible cold into great heat. The moon is also a very silent world, for sound waves can only travel through air. But from the moon, you can see a friendly sight. Our earth is shining more brightly than the other stars. It looks like a very large ball, coloured blue and green and brown.
The question is: The Moon is a silent world because  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:there is no life there
B:there is no air there
C:there is no green tree there
D:there is no water thereIn 1620,about half the USA was covered by forests .Today the forests have almost gone .A lot of good land has gone with them ,leaving only sand .China doesn't want to copy the USA's example.We're planting more and more tress .We've built the "Great Green Wall "of tress across northern pat of our country .The "Great Green Wall"is 7,000 kilometers long ,and between 400 and 1,700 kilometers wide .It will stop the wind from blowing the earth away .It will stop the sand from moving towards the rich farmland in the south .More "Great Green Wall "are needed .Trees must be grown all over the world. "Great Green Wall "will make the world better .
,.
The question is: A lot of good land has gone with   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:sand
B:water
C:wind
D:forestsSoon computers and other machines will be able to remember you by looking at your eyes! The program works because everyone's eyes are different. So in the future you won't have to remember a number when you want to use a machine or take money out of a bank. You'll just have to look at the machine and it will be able to tell who you are.
The eye-recognition  program is already being tested in shops and banks in the USA, Britain and France. Soon, this technology  will change all other ways of finding out who people are.
However, scientists are working on other systems. Machines will soon be able to know you from the shape of your face or hands or even your smell! We already have machines that can tell who you are from your voice or the mark made by your fingers.
Eye-recognition is better than other kinds because your eyes don't change as you get older, or get dirty like hands or fingers. And even twins have different eyes, so the program can be up to 94% correct, depending on  how good the technology is. Some programs may only be right 51% of the time. In Britain, it was found that 91% of people who had tried it said that they liked the idea of eye-recognition.
In the future your computer will be looking at you in the eye. So smile!
The question is: The eye-recognition program has already been tested in  _  in a few countries.
The possible answers are:
A:shops and banks
B:libraries and schools.
C:banks and schools
D:hospitals and hotelsHow important is color in the business world?
Google, one of the biggest U.S. companies, is trying to find it out. The company has already found "a close connection between color and satisfaction with a person's work area". That's according to its spokeswoman named Meghan Casserly.
"Color is a silent salesperson," said Elyria Kemp. She is an assistant professor of marketing at the University of New Orleans.
Kemp is following color trends in business. She is studying the connection between feelings and color. According to Kemp, when people make an evaluation   of a product, usually they do this within 90 seconds or less. Besides, more than half of their first evaluation is based on (......) color alone.
That's why so many companies are researching their color choices. They are spending thousands of dollars on the research, too. Just think of UPS's Pullman brown, Home Depot's orange and Tiffany & Co.'s blue.
Joclyn Benedetto is a spokeswoman for Tiffany & Co. She said the success of the company's jewelry   was connected to its blue color. It is used to wrap   every product. She said the color was chosen by the founder Charles Lewis Tiffany for the cover of Blue Book, Tiffany's annual collection of beautifully hand-made jewels, which first came out in 1845.
Coca-Cola's red color also dates back more than 100 years. The soft drink was shipped in barrels painted red.
A spokesperson for Home Depot said research showed that the first thing people thought of was orange when they heard the name of the company.
Smaller companies are also realizing the importance of color. But picking the right color is important.
"You know when something is right because you get a feeling of safety, and it's not something that you think about. It just will hit you," said Emil Hagopian, a distributor for Mar Plast Color Building Accessories in Ann Arbor, Mich. "And sometimes, if it's done wrong, that also hits you."
The question is: The passage is mainly about  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:the colors which are popular in the United States
B:the importance of color in the business world
C:the relation between color and a company's name
D:the bad influence color has on small companiesThis room is not big but nice. There's a bed, a desk and some chairs in it. The desk is next to the window. On the desk, there is a book, a glass and some cakes. The bed is next to the desk. There are trousers  and a coat on the bed. The trousers are green. They are new. The coat is yellow. It's new, too. Under the bed, there are some shoes and two balls. This is Susan's room. She's a good student.
The question is: Susan is   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:a teacher
B:a man
C:a boy
D:a girlIn 50 years of traveling, Colin McCorpuodale has visited every country in the world except three. And everywhere he goes, he sends himself a postcard. He always chooses a postcard with beautiful scenery  . Usually he writes just a short message to himself. However, he wrote an interesting story on his latest one, from the Malians Island.
Mr. McCorpuodale lives in London. On one of the walls in his room, you can see a large map of the world. There are hundreds of little red pins   stuck in it. "These pins mean a lot to me." says Mr. McCorpuodale, "I follow the rule. I'm allowed to stick one in only if I've been in a place for more than 24 hours."
Naturally, Mr. McCorpuodale has his favorite places. New Zealand, he describes as "a wonderful country". About China, he says, "This is the country in the world which is completely different. There is no European influence."
Wherever he goes, Mr. McCorpuodale takes with him a photo of his wife, a candle, a shirt with a secret pocket and a pen.
So why does he do it? For the postcards or the travels? Mr. McCorpuodale laughs, "Neither. Only for the meaningful life."
The question is: According to Mr. McCorpuodal, there's no European influence  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:in New Zealand
B:in America
C:in Australia
D:in ChinaIf you do not use your arms or your legs for some time, they will become weak, and when you start using them again, they slowly become strong again. Everybody knows that. Yet many people do not seem to know that memory works in the same way.
When someone says that he has a good memory, he really means that he keeps his memory in practice by using it. When someone else says that his memory is poor, he really means that he does not give it enough chance to become strong.
If a friend says that his arms and legs are weak, we know that it is his own fault. But if he tells us that he has a poor memory, many of us think that his parents may be blamed, and few of us know that it is just his own fault  . Have you ever found that some people can't read or write but usually they have better memories? This is because they cannot read or write and when they have to remember things, they cannot write them down in a small notebook. As a result, they have to remember days, names, songs and stories, so their memory is being exercised the whole time.
So if you want to have a good memory, learn from the people: practice remembering things in a way as other people do.
The question is: The writer wants to tell us   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:how to read and write well
B:how to have a good memory
C:how to use our arms or legs better
D:how to learn from the people who can't read or writeIn many British schools, the pupils usually wear their school uniforms to school on weekdays.However, recently the students at LVS Ascot Junior School in England wore something quite different.What they wore was what people wear when they go to bed--pyjamas  .They did this not only for fun, but for a local charity called Christopher's Smile.
Christopher's Smile was set up in 2008 by Karen & Kevin Capel whose only son Christopher died of cancer at a young age.They hope their charity will help pay for more research into children's cancers.Since then, the charity has raised a lot of money and gotten more and more volunteers.Every year, thousands of people take part in different activities such as charity walk or run to show their support for Christopher's Smile.
The students of Grade 6 at LVS Ascot Junior School also wanted to do something for the sick children.They organized the event "Pyjamas Day" to support Christopher's Smile."We wanted to raise money for our charity in a way that the whole school could join in it, so each pupil paid PS1 to wear his or her pyjamas to school on Pyjamas Day," said the young organizers.Both the students and their teachers took part in the event with great interest.Together they not only raised some money, but also had a good time.
The question is: Christopher's Smile was set up to   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:tell people some knowledge about children's cancers
B:have fun for the students in LVS Ascot Junior School
C:help the local government do more things for students
D:raise money for more research into children's cancers"I planted a seed. Finally grow fruits. Today is a great day. Pick off the star for you. Pick off the moon for you. Let it rise for you every day. Become candles burning myself. Just light you up, hey!... You are my little little apple. How much I love you, still no enough."
This words are from the popular song You Are My Little Dear Apple. Bae Seul-Ki acted as the leading dancer in the MV of the song. She loves dancing. She became crazy about hip-hop when she was a school girl.
Bai Seul-Ki was born on September 27, 1986. She is a South Korean singer and dancer. She is 168cm tall. She loves cooking. Her favourite food is spicy and salty. She like pink and red most. There are five members in her family---father, mother, two younger brothers and herself. She isn't married.
After her father and mother broke up, she lived with her mother and new daddy. She enjoys being alone.
The question is: Bae Seul-Ki   _   in the MV of the song according to the passage.
The possible answers are:
A:sang
B:danced
C:cried
D:laughedWhen people communicate, they need words to express themselves. People living in different countries made different kinds of words.
Today there are about fifteen hundred languages in the world. Each contains many thousands of words. A very large dictionary, for example, contains four or five hundred thousand of words. But we do not need all these. To read short stories you need to know only about two thousand words. Before you leave school, you will learn only one thousand or more.
Vocabulary means a lot of words. The words you know are called your vocabulary. You should try to make your own vocabulary bigger. Read as many books as you can. There are a lot of books written in easy English for you to read. You will enjoy them. When you meet a new word, find it in your dictionary. Your dictionary is your most useful book.
The question is: What is your most useful book?
The possible answers are:
A:Books written in easy English.
B:Books written in English.
C:Your dictionary.
D:Short stories.We live in the computer age. People use computers to do much of their work. But few people know how to look after them. Remember the following when you use your computer:
1.Keep your computer in a cool, dry room. Too much or too little heat is bad for computers. Damp  is also bad for them.
2.Do not let people smoke near your computer. Smoke of all kinds is very bad for many parts of a computer.
3.Do not eat or drink when you are near your computer. Pieces of food and a little water in the keyboard are also bad for a computer.
4.Keep your screen clean and do not have it too bright. They are bad for your eyes. Make sure the screen is not too far from or too near your eyes. Some people use different glasses to protect their eyes when they use a computer.
The question is: Computers can  _  people to do a lot of work.
The possible answers are:
A:use
B:help
C:make
D:takeThe Green Magic Tree House, in India, is the perfect hotel for anybody who likes adventure . Guests must drive for miles through the jungle to find it in the middle of tea and coffeeplantation .
There are two tree houses to choose from, one 30 meters and the other 35 meters above the ground. Both houses have two floors. The bedrooms are above the living area and there are bathrooms and showers. You can get up to rooms and move between floors byusing ladders . You can go from one tree house to the other on a rope bridge. The houses sometimes move about in the wind but the views are fantastic.
Guests can enjoy moving through the jungle, climbing in the mountains, and watching wildlife. There are many unusual plants, birds, and insects in the area.
The Ice Hotel is in Jukkasjarvi, a village in Sweden 200 kilometers north of the Arctic Circle. Every winter, a team of architects , designers and snow builders build the hotel. This year there are 80 rooms.
Everything is made of ice. The walls, the floors, the ceilings , and even the furniture are made of ice. The beds are made of ice, too, but guests sleep on warm deer skins. Outside it can be -37degC, so inside it feels quite comfortable. The hotel has a bar, where guests can drink vodka  from glasses made of ice. It's very popular -- because there isn't much else to do.
To spend a night at Jules Underwater Lodge in Florida, guests need to scuba dive   seven meters under the sea. They enter a small house through a door at the bottom of the building. Inside, the kitchen is stored with food and there is a fridge and a microwave oven . There is a hot shower and comfortable beds and lots of books, DVDs and video games. Most guests, however, spend their time at one of the large windows watching different fishes swimming by.
The question is: Both of the Tree House have   _   floors inside.
The possible answers are:
A:two
B:one
C:three
D:fourSpring is an inviting season for outdoor activities. But be careful--the warm weather is also a hotbed for viruses  and disease.
This March, the influenza  A(H7N9) virus hit Shanghai, Anhui, Jiangsu and Zhejiang. It was reported that by April 11 at least 35 people had been infected   with the H7N9 virus, and nine of them had died.
The influenza A (H7N9) virus is one type of influenza A H7 viruses. Influenza A H7 viruses normally spread among birds.
This is the first time human infections with H7N9 viruses have been reported in China. Earlier reports were about H5N1 and H1N1.
All the three viruses are influenza A viruses but they are not the same. H7N9 and H5N1 are animal influenza viruses that could infect people. However, H1N1 viruses can be divided into two groups. One group can normally infect people and the other normally infects animals. Also, H1N1 can spread from human to human, but H7N9 probably can't, according to the World Health Organization (WHO).
Most people infected with H7N9 looked like they had the common flu. Some people had bad pneumonia . They suffered from a fever, a cough and shortness of breath.
But don't be afraid - it is not easy to be infected with the virus. One of the possible reasons is close contact with sick poultry   waste. People may also be infected through breath, according to National Health and Family Planning Commission.
Here are some tips from the WHO that can protect you from being infected.
Wash your hands with soap and running water before you eat, after you use the toilet, and after touching animals or animal waste.
When coughing or sneezing cover your mouth and nose with a mask ,tissue  or a sleeve.
Get a good rest and do exercises, which will help make your body strong enough to stand up to the virus.
The question is: Which is NOT true about protecting us from being infected by animal influenza viruses?
The possible answers are:
A:Wash our hands with soap and running water before we eat, after we use the toilet, and after touching animals or animal waste.
B:When we cough or sneeze we should cover our mouths and noses with a mask,tissue or a sleeve.
C:We should get a good rest and do exercises to make our bodies strong enough.
D:We should try to eat much and sleep much as possible as we can.How to have fun in Chicago without spending a lot of money?
Sightseeing
The Art Institute of Chicago has a fine collection of photos and paintings. The ticket is $10.00, but go on Tuesdays and you'll get in free.
The Sears Tower is the world's third tallest building. By going to the 103rd floor, you can get a view of the whole city. All for only $8.50.
Free show
There are free concerts in Grant Park in summer. They are held Wednesday through Saturday nights at 7:30 P.M..
Attend the taping of a TV show for free. The Oprah Winfrey Show and the Jenny Jones Show both offer tourists free tickets. For the Oprah Winfrey Show, you'll have to book tickets at least a month before.
Places to stay
You can get a hotel for $100 to $300 a day. However, you can get a room in the dormitory at
Roosevelt University for $215 for a whole week! But you have to stay for 28 days to get this great rate .
The question is: According to this passage, which of the following statements is NOT TRUE?
The possible answers are:
A:You are free to go to the Art Institute on Tuesday.
B:Free Grant Park concerts are held four nights a week in summer.
C:The Sears Tower is the world's third tallest building.
D:You can get tickets to the Oprah Winfrey Show as soon as you arrive.Have you ever heard of the group Westlife? Maybe you have, but I'm sure many of you don't know very much about it.
Westlife is an Irish boy band group, which was made up of 6 boys in the beginning and called IOU. The group quickly became popular with young people thanks to their song Swear It Again, which was at the top of the UK charts   in April 1999.
Chinese fans got their first chance to see Westlife on March 6th, 2006 in Beijing. Although the four-member group has been singing pop for seven years, the young boys have all since grown up and their songs are still very popular. When they performed in Beijing, Westlife released   their new album Face to Face in China. Face to Face has been at the top of the British charts for a long time. The album's most popular song You Raise Me Up mixes traditional Irish music with pop music.
Although hip-hop is quite popular among the young, Westlife has no plans to change. They said, "Hip-hop is for the young, but pop can be enjoyed by moms who are busy cooking meals and raising the kids.
The question is: What happened on March 6th, 2006?
The possible answers are:
A:Chinese fans fell in love with Westlife.
B:Chinese fans were first introduced to Westlife.
C:Chinese fans first heard Westlife's songs.
D:Chinese fans could see Westlife in Beijing.Bruce Lee  was born in San Francisco, California in 1940. His farther was a movie actor. Young Bruce appeared in his first movie with his farther when he was only two months old. Bruce and his parents returned to their home in Hong Kong in 1941. Bruce began to act in Chinese movies at the age of six.
In Hong Kong, Bruce Lee began his life-long interest in the Chinese Kung Fu. He studied with Yip Man, a Kung Fu master. Bruce was also often seen in many street fights. His parents decided this must stop. They sent him back to the United States. He became a student at the University of Washington in Seattle. Later he opened a school to teach Kung Fu in Oakland,California.
In 1966, Bruce Lee acted in an American television series called The Green Hornet .The program was not a success, but many Hollywood movie actors began studying Kung Fu with him. He appeared in several other television programs.
Bruce Lee returned to Hong Kong in 1971 to act in a Chinese movie known in the United States as Fists of Fury. The movie was extremely popular in Asia. He followed this with another film, The Chinese Connection. It too was extremely popular.
In 1973, Bruce Lee made his most famous movie, Enter the Dragon. It was the first movie made between American and Chinese movie companies. It became _ which made Bruce Lee a world famous movie star.
Bruce Lee died a few weeks before the movie was put on. He was 32 years old. It's said that his early death ended what would have been a very successful movie career.
The question is: What was Bruce Lee interested in all his life?
The possible answers are:
A:Acting
B:Kung Fu
C:Fighting
D:FilmsRead the instructions of the medicine before you take your choices.
Adults : 2 tablespoonfuls 
Children: according to  age
10----14 years 4 teaspoonfuls 
5----10years 2 teaspoonfuls
3----6 years I teaspoonful
Repeat above doses  every 1/2 hour to 1 hour if needed until 8 dose are taken. If you do not get better within two days, see a doctor. SHAKE  WELLBEFORE USING.
The question is: What should you do if the medicine doesn't work?
The possible answers are:
A:Change it for some better medicine
B:See a doctor
C:Stop taking it
D:Take moreReading Oliver James'Affluenza, I thought about what often happens at home. My 12-year-old daughter is in tears."I have so take a test tomorrow. I don't understand any of it," she cries out. After shouting and shutting her door, she calms down enough to go through her notes. The following dry I ask her how the test went and the just says "OK,I got a nine".
"Wow. well done!" I say, before she finishes with "But I never get a ten!"
According to James, this _ with getting top marks has been a bad development, which encourages people to think of education in terms of work and money. To test this, I asked my daughter why she was so worried about her tests. She looked at me as if I was thick. "Well, if I don't get good grades, I won't be able to afford nice things like a car and stuff."
I was quite surprised, because I don't consider myself a pushy parent. But James suggests and it leaves students feeling failures even if they are very bright. He points to the Danish system of education as a better model. Creating happy citizens who have good social skills is seen as more important than high achievements at school or the needs of business.
For me, I cannot remember the last time I had to work out the area of a circle, recite a Shakespeare poem or grammar rules, yet I have lived a happy life. What I really needed to learn at school was how to make polite conversations, or how to avoid getting into debt or how to develop good personality.
This is in fact similar to what Oliver James really has in mind. And he is looking for schools where students are encouraged to find and follow their own interests, something more like Tongjon. Tongjon has been developed in some Korean private schools. It is quite different from the more rigid system of learning things by heart that is used in Korea, and indeed in many other school systems around the world.
As the Russian poet Pushkin said," Inspiration is needed in geometry just as much as in poetry ",and inspiration does not come from endlessly revising for tests or getting worried about them .
The question is: What does the writer probably think of his/her daughter?
The possible answers are:
A:She sets herself a goal too high to reach.
B:She should be more polite to her parents.
C:She is hard-working but not very bright.
D:She takes her grades much too seriously.Born in Texas in 1893,Bessie Coleman drew she wanted to do something exciting with her life.Then Coleman saw her first airplane, and she knew she wanted to fly.But no school would teach her because she was a woman and a black woman.So Coleman went to Europe.At the age of twenty-eight, she became the world's first black woman to hold a pilot's license .Then she went home to fly in air shows .Soon she was called "Brave  Bessie."Bessie Coleman had wanted to open a flying school for black women.Sadly, she never saw her dream come true.She was killed in a plane crash.But Coleman is still remembered today.A group of black flies call themselves the "Bessie Coleman Aviators.
The question is: The best "aviators" means  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:teachers
B:doctors
C:fliers
D:fightersSome school officials   want to change class time from 8:00 a. m. to 9:00 a. m. What do  you think ? Here  are some students' ideas.
Jill : I think it's a good idea ! I usually get up at 6:10 and it's difficult for me . At night I have to do lots of homework and I like to watch TV . I go to bed at about 10:00 p. m. I  usually can't catch the bus at 7:30 in the morning . I am often late for school
Sally : I don't think it's a good idea . I always get up at 5:30 in the morning . it's the best time of the day . First I do some morning exercises . Then I read and have breakfast . So I will be happy if class begins at 8:00
Bill: I  get up at 6:30 . I always go to school without breakfast . A morning class is not good for me . I hope I can go to school after 8:30.
,
The question is: _   does some reading in the morning.
The possible answers are:
A:Jill
B:Sally
C:Bill
D:Jill and SallyQian Xuesen is one of the greatest scientists who devoted all their lives to China's science and technology. In 1911, he was born in Hangzhou, eastern China.
Qian received a mechanical engineering degree in 1934 in Shanghai and went to the United States on a scholarship to study aeronautical engineering at MIT at the age of 23. As a student at MIT, and later as a scientist and teacher at the California Institute of Technology, Mr.Qian played a central role in early United States' efforts to develop jet aircraft and rocketry technology.
Mr. Qian served on the United States government's Science Advisory Board during World War II. His teacher and colleague, the Caltech physicist Theodore von Karmon, praised him as "a brain whose work will change the world greatly". In the 1940s Qian wrote an article for a famous magazine on a winged space plane that led to develop NASA's new space shuttle. In 1955 he came back to his motherland from the US. Under his leadership, China produced its first missile called Long March, and in 1970, launched its first satellite. He was considered as the father of the country's first ballistic missiles, first satellite and the Silkworm anti-ship missile. In 2009, he died in Beijing.
The question is: When coming back from America, Qian Xuesen was   _
The possible answers are:
A:23
B:44
C:59
D:89When did you last see a polar bear? On a trip to a zoo, perhaps? If you had attended a winter activity in New York a few years ago, you would have seen a whole polar bear club. These "Polar Bears" are people who meet frequently in winter to swim in freezing cold water. That day, air temperature was 3degC, and the water temperature was a bit higher. The members of the Polar Bear Club at Coney Island , New York are usually about the age of 60. Members must satisfy two requirements. First, they must get along well with everyone else in the group, this is very important because there are so many different kinds of people in the club. Polar Bears must also agree to swim outdoors at least twice a month from November through February.
Doctors do not agree about the medical effects of cold-water swimming. Some are worried about the dangers of a condition in which the body's temperature drops so low that finally the heart stops. Other doctors, however, point out that there is more danger of a heart attack during summer swimming because the difference between the air temperature and water temperature is much greater in summer than in winter.
The Polar Bears themselves are satisfied with the benefits(or advantages) of cold-water swimming. They say that their favorite form of exercise is very good for the circulatory system  because it forces the blood to move fast to keep the body warm. Cold-water swimmers usually turn bright red after a few minutes in the water. A person who turns blue probably has a very poor circulatory system and should not try cold-water swimming.
The main benefits(or advantages) of cold-water swimming are probably mental . The Polar Bears love to swim year-round; they find it fun and relaxing. As one 70-year-old woman says,"When I go into the water, I pour my troubles into the ocean and let them float away ."
The question is: The members of the Polar Bear Club must meet the following requirements except that   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:they must reach the age of 60
B:they should be easy to make friends with
C:they must swim outdoors at least 8 times in the four cold months
D:they must agree to swim outdoors from November through FebruaryIf you travel in some areas of India, you'll be lucky enough to be waited on by special guides - monkeys. These monkeys are always ready to serve you. Hungry, you just need to point to your own stomach and they'll lead you to the nearest restaurant. Thirsty, the monkeys will lead you to a bar. Tired, you put both of your hands behind your head and the monkeys will take you to the nearest hotel. Don't feel surprised when they put out their hairy hands to you after the service is done. They are just asking for a little money as a tip. After that, they will wave their hands as if they are saying goodbye to you.
Believe it or not, these monkeys are from the school for monkeys in India, where they were trained for one year. They are not the only monkey students in the world. Some are being trained as nurses in an American medical college. These monkeys are about to look after patients and help-them with their housework.
A three-year-old monkey named Helen has learned to turn on TV, turn off lights, and open doors and windows when she is told to. Once the job is done, she will rush to her master, hoping to get some food as a reward.
The question is: According to the passage, monkeys aren't trained to  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:open doors
B:buy food
C:turn off lights
D:look after patientsHello! My name is Becky Sharp. I'm 11 years old. I have one brother. His name is Jason and he's 14. I don't have any sisters.
We live with our mum, dad and grandma in a small house in Chesterfield, in the north of England. There are lots of things to do here. My friends and I sometimes go to the cinema on Saturdays.
Do you like sports? I like football. My favourite team is Manchester United. I sometimes play football with my brother. I am good at it but my brother isn't.
I have lots of pets---one tortoise   and six goldfish  . I want a dog or a cat, but my mother doesn't like them.
The question is: There are   _   people in Becky's family.
The possible answers are:
A:three
B:four
C:five
D:six(By CCTV correspondent Vanessa Duffy 04/28/2013 08:36)
It's been eight days since a 7.0-magnitude strong earthquake hit China's Lushan Ya'an Sichuan Province.How the earthquake has affected one of Sichuan Province's special residents --pandas.How are the animals living? And do they have enough food to eat?
There are more than 80 pandas living here at the Chengdu Panda Breeding Base .The quake was felt strongly in Chengdu.Fortunately,all of the pandas here were out on the grounds when the earthquake hit,so they were very safe.
Several days have passed and the earthquake seems to have made no negative  impact on the pandas.These two baby pandas Chengshuang and Chengdui are playfighting with each other and climbing trees.When they climbed too high,the breeders have to _ them from the trees.
The quake zone is not only the home of these pandas,it's also the source of their food.Fortunately,enough bamboo  has been stored away in five bamboo storehouses for the pandas,so there are no worries about food supplies.
Wu Kongju,Breeder,Chengdu Panda Breeding Base,said,"When the Wenchuan earthquake happened on May 12,2008,we were unprepared and had a shortage of bamboo.But we've been able to handle this earthquake event more smoothly.There are no problems with the food supply."
The question is: When did the 7.0-magnitude earthquake happen in Lushan Sichuan Province?
The possible answers are:
A:On April 28,2013
B:On May 12,2008
C:On April 20,2013
D:On May 20,2013My nine-year-old daughter, Maria, is in Year Four. Every evening we get into homework battles . Three afternoons a week, she has activities(netball, singing) after school and by the time we get home early, we argue  about whether she should do her homework right after school, or if she should have some time to rest and play first. When Maria at last sits down to do her homework, she seems to want me there helping all the time, I do want to help her, but I'm sure that she is going to need to be able to do it on her own. And in fact, most of the time, I have other things I need to be doing. It seems that children these days have much more homework than we did, and some of it is really beyond  their abilities . As you can see, I'm really worried about homework and I really don't know what I should do. Any ideas?
The question is: Can you guess where this passage is from?
The possible answers are:
A:A diary.
B:A newspaper.
C:A novel .
D:A story.Click and shop
Do you always go shopping at the supermarket or often forget to buy something? If you do forget something,we believe you never want to go back for it.But with Webshop,our new Internet shopping service,you won't have to.Also avoid  standing so long to pay for what you get.Start shopping online now!
Eat what you like
Do you usually want to avoid eating any spicy  food? Do you always regret drinking t oo much fizzy  drinks? Well,now it's time for you to hold a chance to change the things.You'd better try taking our Gasgo and begin to feel the difference!
24 hours to success
Do you regret not working harder at school? Do you want to improve your languages? With Polyglot's system ,you can learn to speak any language in 24 hours! Try following our system and see how different it is from the rest.Why not make an early start in a class today?
You're never too old to surf 
Do you want to surf the Internet but think you're too old to start learning new skills? If so,why not take a course at Compu Wiz? We promise to make you master a computer whatever your age.Don't forget to call us before July 1st at 2819 0818,and receive a 50% lower price on lessons.
The question is: With Webshop,you   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:often forget to buy what you need
B:have to stand to pay for the things
C:can buy everything you need easily
D:can't go back to buy what you forgetMy favourite restaurant is called 'Annablella's cafe'. It is a small restaurant serving  Western food. It is in a city called Bristol. It is difficult to find because it is behind a very tall building. Only local people eat at this restaurant, and visitors can never find it! I think the food at the restaurant is the best in the whole country.
I like to go to this restaurant every two weeks. The waiters know me very well now. They are my friends. They know what my favourite drink is, so when I arrive, there is always a bottle of coke on the table. The menu changes every week so there is always something different to eat. My favourite meat is chicken, so I always order something with chicken in it. For dessert , I usually have apple pie with custard or chocolate cake. Delicious!
Sometimes I go to this restaurant for breakfast. I have a typical  English breakfast: eggs, bacon, sausages, tomatoes and bread. The breakfast is delicious, but I like to eat at this restaurant at dinnertime better.
The question is: What can we know from the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:A typical English breakfast is eggs, bread, bacon and milk.
B:The writer would like to have breakfast at the restaurant better.
C:Chicken and banana pie are the writer's favourite food.
D:The menu often changes and there is always something different.Bill has a sister, Amy. Next Friday is Amy's birthday. Bill wants to buy a present for her. However, he doesn't have much money. Now he is in shopping mall.
He spends a lot of time choosing a good and cheap present in a toy shop, but he can't find anything. He goes to the next shop. There are some beautiful hair clips in it. Bill likes them very much. He knows Amy wants to have one all the time. He chooses a blue one. It's not expensive. It costs 7 yuan. He goes back home happily.
The question is: How does Bill feel when he sees the hair clips?
The possible answers are:
A:Happy.
B:Bad.
C:Hungry
D:TiredMark Green is my friend. He is English. He has a yellow bike. His bike number is 9075. His mother has a green car. The number is JA3566. His father has a black car. The number is JA3567.
The question is: What's the color of Mark's mother's car?.
The possible answers are:
A:Yellow.
B:Black.
C:White.
D:GreenMr. Baker is retired at home now. He feels bored every day and he thinks he is growing older quickly. When he watches TV, he has to turn it up. But this often disturbs his neighbors. So he decides to buy a hearing aid. As he is a _ man, he doesn't want to pay much money for a hearing aid.
One day, he went to a clinic  and asked the clerk, "How much do these hearing aids cost?"
"That depends," said the clerk. "They cost from 2.00 dollars to 2 000 dollars."
"Let me see the $2.00 model," he said.
The clerk put the device  around Mr Baker's neck. "You just put this button in your ear and run this little string  down to your pocket," he explained.
"How does it work?" Mr. Baker asked.
"For $2.00 it doesn't work," the clerk answered. "But when people see it on you, they'll talk louder!"
Mr. Baker was angry, and he said, "I want a hearing aid that really works!"
The question is: Which of the following is TRUE according to the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:Mr. Baker often goes to his neighbor's to watch TV.
B:There is nothing wrong with Mr. Baker's ears.
C:The clerk didn't like such a man like Mr. Baker.
D:Mr. Baker didn't know how to use a hearing aid.Now people who are in different parts of the world communicate easier than before. But it is a little hard to understand each other well. Some of them may not understand others' words, so it's easy to make a few mistakes.
For example, an important question about eating out, is who pays for the meal. If a friend of yours suggests you have lunch with him, you might simply say something like this, "I'm afraid it will have to be some place inexpensive, as I have very little money." The other person might say, "OK. I will meet you at McDonald's." This means it is agreed that the two will go Dutch, that is, each person pays for himself. He might also say, "Oh, no. I want to take you to lunch at Johnson's", or " I want you to try the steak  there. It is great." This means that the person intends to pay the bill for both of you. If you feel friendly towards this person, there is no reason why you shouldn't accept this invitation. You might simply say, "Thank you. That would be very nice."
,.
The question is: If you accept your friend's invitation , you should   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:say nothing about it.
B:thank him/her greatly
C:say " thank you" simply
D:invite him/her next timeCats are the most popular pets among Americans. So it is not surprising there are many expressions about cats. Do you know any of them? Now let me introduce some to you.
Some cats like to catch small birds, like canaries. If someone looks very proud or satisfied with himself, we say he looks like the cat that ate the canary.
Sometimes, a cat likes to play with a small animal it catches. So if you play cat and mouse with someone, you change between different kinds of behavior when dealing with another person. For example, a child might offer something sweet to her little brother, and then take it away when reaches for it.
A cat will often catch a small animal and present it to its owner. The saying that looks like something the cat dragged in describes something in bad condition.
A fat cat is a person with a lot of money.
There are many other expressions about cats in America. How interesting! Which kind of cat are you, or which kind would you like to be?
The question is: The passage introduces us   _   expressions about cat.
The possible answers are:
A:one
B:two
C:three
D:fourThis is a picture of a classroom. The classroom is big and clean. You can see a teacher's desk, six desks and seven chairs. You can see a girl and a boy ,too.
Four books are on the teacher's desk. A pencil case is on the desk. Two pens and two rulers are in the pencil case .A school bag is under a chair. A ball is on the floor.
The girl is Mary, She is 11.The boy is Jack. He is 12.They are is Class Two. They are friends. The teacher is Miss Smith. She is not here.
The question is: Mary and Jack are  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:teacher and students
B:brother and sister
C:good friends
D:cousinsOnce, a king had a great highway built for his people. Just before it was opened to the public, the king decided to have a contest . He invited his people to take part in the contest. Their challenge was to see who could travel the highway the best.
On the day of the contest, some people came to the highway in fine clothing; some had fancy hairstyles or brought great food. Some young men came in their sports clothes and ran along the highway. People raveled  the highway all day. But each one, when he or she completed the trip, complained  to the king that there was a large pile of stones in the way that had blocked his or her travels.
At the end of the day, a lonely traveler crossed the finishing line and walked over to the king. He was tired and dirty, but he showed the king great respect and handed him a bag of gold. He explained: "I stopped along the way to clear a pile of stones that was _ the road. This bag of gold was under it all. I want you to return it to its rightful owner."
The king replied: "You are the rightful owner. You've earned  this gold, for you won my contest."
The man won the contest just because he was the only one who stopped to make the road smoother . Sometimes, the greatest prize comes not from helping yourself, but from helping others.
The question is: What did the man do during the contest?
The possible answers are:
A:He complained as the other people had.
B:He gave up before he got to the stones.
C:He cleared the pile of stones.
D:He blocked the road with stones.Ted and Susan are good friends. Last Saturday, Ted asked Susan to go with him to watch a movie or take a walk down by the lake. Susan really wanted to go, but she was really busy all Saturday. First, her mom asked her to help clean the house in the morning, and then she had to go to the dentist's at 12:30. Two hours after that, she met Julia to help her with her science. Then she had to go to soccer practice with her brother at 4:30, and her mom asked her to cook dinner for the family at 5:30. Then, she had to do her history homework.
Ted knew that Susan was going to have a full day. So he asked her to watch a video at home. Susan thought that was great, but something was wrong with their video player. So they had to just play a game.
The question is: What time did Susan meet with Julia?
The possible answers are:
A:At 12:00 p.m.
B:At 1:00 p.m.
C:At 2:00 p.m.
D:At 2:30 p.m.Jim is a little boy. He stays with his grandma. He likes sweets and cakes. He always eats some food with sweets before he goes to bed. And as soon as he gets up in the morning, he can find some cakes on the table in his bedroom.
One morning, before Jim got up, his grandma took some cakes to his bedroom. She saw Jim crying in bed.
"What's the matter, dear?" his grandma asked in a hurry.
"I've a bad toothache," said Jim.
So his grandma had to take him to the dentist's. The dentist pulled out the bad tooth for him at last.
Two days later Jim felt better and was at school again. Mrs. Hunt asked, "What was the matter with you those days, Jim?"
"I had a bad toothache, madam," answered Jim.
"Oh, I'm sorry to hear that," said Mrs. Hunt. "Is it better now?"
"I don't know, madam. I left it with the dentist."
The question is: Jim stays with his  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:father
B:mother
C:grandma
D:uncleSummer holiday is coming , what do you like to do ?here are four students telling us what they will do in the coming summer holiday.
Mai hajui  Baihetiya, 14 .
I am from Xinjiang . I am studying at Tianjin No.2 Middle School now. I will go on a trip to Beijing . I am going to the Great Wall , the Summer Palace and the Palace Museum . I will go to Wangfujing Street to buy a sweater for my mother, a scarf for my father and a T- shirt for my brother.
Wu Jun, 13.
I come from Shanghai . My favourite season is summer . I like going swimming with my friends in the swimming pool. It is very exciting .
Mike ,13 .
I am studying at Nanjing No. 5 Middle School . I miss my parents very much . I will go back to America to see my family . Summer is a good season to go out . I will have a picnic with my friends in the countryside . I can also play football and baseball with my friends . How happy we will be .
Liu Shuyi, 14,
I am from Shanghai . I like summer best because I can eat ice cream and wear a dress. I am not good at English . I will join an English club to learn English .
The question is: Who likes playing baseball according to the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:Wu Jun.
B:Mike .
C:Liu Shuyi
D:Mai hajui Baihetiya .Jay, an American, wanted to write a book about famous churches  around the world. Firstly, Jay bought a plane ticket and took a trip to Columbus, Ohio, USA, thinking that he would start by working his way across the USA from East to West.
On his first day he was inside a church taking photos when he noticed a golden telephone on the wall with a sign that read "$10,000 per call".
Jay was _ so he asked a priest   what the telephone was used for.
The priest told him that it was a direct   line to heaven  and that for $10,000 you could talk to God. Jay thanked the priest and went along his way.
Next stop was in Des Moines, and there at a very large church, he saw the same looking golden telephone with the same sign under it. A nearby nun told him that it was a direct line to heaven and that for $10,000 he could talk to God.
Jay decided to travel to Australia to see if they had a similar phone. He arrived at Western Australia, and again, in the church he entered, there was the same looking golden telephone, but this time the sign under it read "40 cents per call."
Somewhat surprised, Jay asked the priest about the sign. 'Father Brian, I travelled all over the world and I saw this same golden telephone in many churches. I know it is a direct line to Heaven, but in all of them price was $10,000 per call. Why is it so cheap here?'
Father Brian smiled and answered, 'My son, you're in Australia now - this is Heaven, so it's only a local call.'
The question is: Which is TURE according to the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:Jay was a singer.
B:In all of churches, the price was $10,000 per call
C:All the telephones look the same.
D:Jay travelled in America by car.The survey was done among 29,760 students at 100 US high schools. The results suggest that in the past year, 30 percent of US high school students have stolen from a store. And 64 percent may have cheated on a test.
However, 93 percent of the students said they were satisfied   with their honesty. And 77 percent said,"when it comes to doing what is right, I am better than most people I know."
Some teachers were unhappy about the survey results. Some, however, defended (......) today's students.
"The competition is greater and the pressures   on kids have increased greatly,"said Mel Riddle, who was a high school teacher and headmaster for 40 years."It is the pressures that make it easy for students to be dishonest."
"I think these students are better than other generations,"he said."I find them more active, better to work with and more thankful for support."" We have to create situations where it's easy for kids to do the right things, "he added."We need to create classrooms where learning is more important than having the right answer."
The question is: According to the survey results,  _  percent of the students are satisfied with their honesty.
The possible answers are:
A:30
B:64
C:77
D:93Is bicycling hard to learn? Different people have many different answers. It is strange enough that the same person may also have a different answer as time goes by.
Five years ago when I was in Junior Grade One, I got interested in bicycling because I thought my uncle was very cool when he rode his bike. He could ride a bike with only one wheel. He could also sit on the bike and keep it standing straight, without moving for a long time.
I thought it was easy to learn to ride a bike, so I decided to learn from my uncle. He told me how to ride. When I fell off the bike the first time, I was afraid to try again. It was too hard for me to learn. Then my uncle helped me by holding the bike for me and not to let go. With his help, I was able to ride longer and longer. "You can do it by yourself now, young boy!" I heard his voice far behind me.
The question is: Five years ago when the writer was in  _  , he got interested in bicycling.
The possible answers are:
A:Junior Grade One
B:Junior Grade Two
C:Senior Grade One
D:Senior Grade TwoMr. Brad wants to see a film. After lunch, he goes to a cinema, buys a ticket  and goes in. But after two or three minutes he comes out again and buys a second ticket and then walks in again.
After a few minutes he comes out again and buys a third ticket. Two or three minutes after that, he comes out a third time and asks for another ticket. But the girl says to him, "Why are you buying all these tickets? Are you meeting your friends in the cinema all the time?" "No, I'm not doing that." Mr. Brad says, "But a big woman always stops me at the gate of the cinema and she tears  all my tickets." The girl has a good laugh and says, "One ticket is enough. She is on duty."
The question is: Mr. Brad comes out of the cinema   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:once
B:twice
C:three times
D:four timesIn one way, it may be thought that failure is a part of life. In another, failure may be regarded as a step towards success.
The "spider story" is often told as an example of this. Robert Bruce, leader of the Scots in the 13th century, was hiding in a hole on a hill from the English. He watched a spider  making a web . Bruce is said to have got confidence from this and to have gone on to beat the English. Edison, too, the inventor of the light bulb , made hundreds of models that failed before he found the right way to make one.
So what? First, always think about your failure. What caused it? Were you in high spirit then? What can you change so that things will go right the next time?
Second, is the goal you are trying to reach the right one? Try to do some thinking about what your real goal may be. Think about this question: If I am successful in this, where will it get me?" This may help to prevent failure in the things you shouldn't be doing anyway.
The third thing to remember about failure is that it's a part of life. Learn to "live with yourself!" even though you may have failed. Remember, "You can't live with them all."
The question is: Robert Bruce was mentioned in the passage to show that   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:people who failed are not lonely
B:animals can help people sometimes
C:nature will help if we are hard--working
D:confidence is important for one to be successfulSome countries have a large number of earthquakes. Japan is one of them, while others do not have many, for example, there are few earthquakes in Britain.
There is often a great noise during an earthquake.  The ground vibrates  .Houses fall down. Railways are broken, which causes trains to turn over. Sometimes thousands of people are killed in different ways. About 60,000 were killed in 1783 in the south of Italy. Some people say that earthquakes often happen near volcanoes , but it is not true. The centres of some earthquakes are under the sea. The bottom of the sea suddenly moves. The powerful forces inside the earth break the rocks. The coast is shaken and great waves appear. These waves travel long distances and rush over the land when they reach it, breaking down houses and other buildings. Sometimes they break more buildings than the earthquake itself.
A terrible earthquake happened in Assam, India, in 1986.The land near Shillong suddenly moved 1.5 feet to one side, and then back again. It continued to act like this 20 times a minute.Few buildings could stand what was happening and the great stones flew four feet up into the air. What kind of building stays up best in an earthquake? The Americans carefully studied the results of the earthquake at San Francisco(1906) and believed it best for buildings to be made with concrete  walls together by steel frames. Such are the buildings that can't burn or fall easily.
The question is: When an earthquake happens,  _  can be heard.
The possible answers are:
A:trains
B:thousands of people
C:a great noise
D:the powerful forcesMark Green is my friend. He is English. He has a yellow bike. His bike number is 9075. His mother has a green car. The number is JA3566. His father has a black car. The number is JA3567.
The question is: What is Green?
The possible answers are:
A:It's Maek's name.
B:It's Mark's last name.
C:It's Mark's first name.
D:It's Mark's middle name.Lions are big and strong.They have bright eyes, sharp teeth and black points on their brown bodies.So they look beautiful.
Lions can run fast.They are good at catching other animals.Lions like living as a family until baby lions are 2 years old.A lion lives alone during most of its life.
Now, many hunters hurt lions for their fur and meat.They sell their meat to people for meals.They use their fur to make clothes and bags.We must stop this.It is wrong for people to kill lions.We can write to newspapers about the danger the lions are facing.We should tell the government and people about the problems.If we do nothing, soon there will be no lions in the world any more!
The question is: To save lions, what are NOT in the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:Write to newspapers.
B:Tell people about the problems.
C:Do a lion count once a year.
D:Ask the government to help.Every four years, the greatest athletes from all over the world get together in one city to take part in the world sports meeting--the Olympic Games. The holy flame   is carried from one place to the next. In 2008,  the holy flame was carried to Beijing, the capital of China.
When Beijing was chosen as the host city to hold the Olympic Games in 2008, all the Chinese people were very happy, excited and proud. They showed their excitement in different ways when they heard the news. Some people cheered, jumped and shouted.
In Beijing we built a new Olympic village with hotels for athletes and stadiums for matches.
"One World, One Dream" is our slogan for the 29th Olympics. It expresses the wishes of 1.3 billion Chinese people for a peaceful and better world tomorrow.
The question is: Beijing hosted the 29th Olympics in   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:2007
B:2008
C:2012
D:2010In schools all over the world boys and girls are learning foreign languages. Everyone knows his own language , but knowing another one is very useful. If we go to England or the USA, we must be able to speak English. And in Japan people will expect us to understand Japanese. How many languages are there in the world? There are thousands of languages, but most of them are not very important, English is one of the most important languages because so many people use it, not only in England and the USA, but also in other parts of the world. About 300 million people speak it as their own language and another 200 million use it as a second language. It's difficult to say how many people are learning it. Million upon million of school children are trying to learn it.
The question is: There are   _   of languages in the world.
The possible answers are:
A:thousands
B:hundreds
C:millions
D:billionTraveling is very interesting. Many people love traveling. There are many ways to travel: by plane, by train, by ship or by car. Everyone has their favorite way.
Greg:My favorite way of traveling is by car. I can bring my pet dog along. I can travel three hundred miles or only fifty miles a day. I can stop at a good restaurant to enjoy a good meal or at a hotel to spend the night.
Eliza:I love traveling by train best! It's very exciting. I traveled most of Europe in 5 months by train. It's the best way to talk with the local   people and make new friends on the way. Trains make even the longest trip enjoyable. The train ride to me is just like a big moving party.
I also like traveling by ship. It is a very great way to spend a vacation. I can go to parties and movies on the ship, and enjoy the blue sky and water.
Danny:Planes are my favorite. It's the fastest way of traveling. I can quickly get to another country. Planes have very comfortable seats. I can have something to drink and to eat. I can also read some free magazines and newspapers.
.
The question is: What does Eliza think of traveling by train?
The possible answers are:
A:Comfortable.
B:Slow.
C:Boring.
D:Exciting.Among the Seven Wonders of the Ancient World, the oldest one is the Great Pyramid of Giza. There are three large pyramids at Giza, outside the modern capital of Egypt, Cairo. The largest and most famous one is called the Great Pyramid. The workers built it as a tomb   for the Pharaoh Khufu  .
It took more than twenty years to build the Great Pyramid. When it was built, the pyramid was about 146.5 metres high. Over the years it has lost about eight metres off its top.
The pyramid is made of large stone blocks   -- 2,300,000 of them! Each of these blocks weighs over 2,000 kilograms. The ancient Egyptians did not have any modern machines. How did they build the pyramid? The pyramid shows that the ancient people were _ and had great skills.
People once thought that the Egyptians made slaves   do all the work on the Great Pyramid. But in fact, they used farmers.
The question is: From the passage we can learn that   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:Giza is the modern capital of Egypt
B:there are only three pyramids in Egypt
C:the Pharaoh Khufu built the Great Pyramid by himself
D:the Great Pyramid was built   as a tomb for the Pharaoh KhufuI want to tell you some things about Tom's weekend. He is my good friend. At the weekend, Tom usually gets up late. He has breakfast. Then he reads an English book and listens to the radio for about one hour. After that he starts to do his homework. At about 11:30, he often cooks   lunch for his family. In the afternoon, he usually plays volleyball with his friends. Sometimes he goes to the library in the afternoon. He loves his weekend very much.
The question is: Tom   _   in the afternoon at the weekend.
The possible answers are:
A:plays basketball
B:goes to the movies
C:does his homework
D:plays volleyball or goes to the libraryMr. White's family decided to repair their house. Mr. White bought the house two and a half years ago. Since his kids were growing up, he and his wife wanted to make some changes to the house.
They decided to knock down their living room wall to open up the space. When the wooden walls were moved, they were shocked to find a lizard   stuck in the small space between the walls. The lizard's foot was stuck by a nail   which was knocked into the wall from the other side several months ago. However, they wondered how the lizard had _ so long without moving from that place.
The family decided to wait for a while and see how the lizard survived several months without moving. While they were doing other things, they kept an eye on the lizard. The son, Ray, suddenly shouted, "Dad, look here!"
Another lizard appeared, carrying food to the stuck lizard's mouth. That was a real surprise! Everyone was touched that the lizard fed the other one for all this time.
Both lizards had never-ending hope for each other and carried their hearts with love and care. Why can't we humans always carry that kind of love in our hearts? Life is full of all kinds of difficulties. What we can do is to give our hand to the one in need and share our love. Sharing is caring.
The question is: What did the White family find when moving the wooden walls?
The possible answers are:
A:A lizard died between the walls.
B:A lizard's foot was hurt by the fallen wall.
C:The nail on the wooden wall had dropped.
D:A lizard was stuck in the small space between the walls.There are few families in the United States that do not have either a radio or television set. Both of them have become a necessary part of our daily life, keeping us filled with the news of the day, teaching us in many fields of interest, and making us happy with singing, dancing and acting.
Marconl, the Italian inventor, who gave us the radio, probably didn't know how much his great invention would have done for the world in the years to come. Radio had, perhaps done as much as any other communication tool. Things of the world can be reported to people everywhere a few seconds after they happen. Travelers in or out of-the-way places, ships at sea even astronauts round the earth are able to keep in touch with each other by radio.
Television is another important invention. It lets us see as well as hear the actor. Since its appearance, TV has done a great deal in the daily life of people everywhere. Many programs are now televised in color.
Perhaps the most modern invention is "Telstar", a "star" moving round the earth. It makes it possible for the people all over the world to be closer than ever before. Now a family in Chicago can watch on TV a motor-car race in Italy, a table tennis competition in Beijing or a volleyball match in Japan as these events are actually happening!
The question is: Why does the passage say radio and TV have become a necessary part of our daily life?
The possible answers are:
A:Because they have touched nearly everything in our life.
B:Because men would not live happily without them.
C:Because they are the only ways to spread information.
D:Because no communication means no life.Can dolphins talk ? Maybe they can't talk with words ,but they can talk with sounds . They show their feelings with sounds .
Dolphins travel in group . We call a group of them a "school ". They don't study , but they travel together.
Dolphins talk to other dolphins in the school .They give information . They tell other dolphins when they are happy or sad or afraid . They say "welcome "when a dolphin comes back to the school . They talk when they play .
They make a few sounds above water . They make many more sounds under water . People can hear these sounds because they are very high .
Sometimes people catch dolphins for large aquariums . People can watch the dolphins in a show . Dolphins don't like to be in the aquarium , being away from their school . They are sad and lonely if they do so .
There are many stories about dolphins . They help people . Sometimes they save someone's life . Many people believe that dolphins can bring good luck .
The question is: Dolphins show their feelings with   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:pictures
B:words
C:waves
D:soundsSome students think it difficult to learn English well. That's because they don't find the right way. I think reading is very important for students. The more you read, the better you'll understand.
Reading is helpful to listening, speaking and writing. If you often read English aloud, you'll improve your listening. On the other hand, listening a lot can help you to read better. Reading English everywhere when you are free, if you wish. You can get a lot of knowledge when you read. Sometimes you need to express your ideas, you can either speak or write. That means you are using what you learned from reading. The same as Chinese, the more you read, the better you can write. If you want to remember something, you should read again and again.
So from now on, you'd better do more reading. It's a good way to learn English well.
The question is: The writer thinks   _   is a good way to learn English well.
The possible answers are:
A:the better you write
B:doing more reading
C:the more you remember
D:the more you writeThere is one word you must learn before you visit the USA. That is "Freeze". Remember it has a special meaning besides the usual one. It means "stand still and don't move". Often policemen use it when they are ready to use their guns. If one doesn't obey the order and moves, he or she will be shot to death.
One evening in Los Angeles, someone rang the bell of a house. It was a dangerous area at night, so the _ of the house took his gun with him when he answered the door. He opened the door and saw a strange man. But the man turned round and started walking away from the house. The owner cried: "Freeze", but the young man went on walking without obeying the owner's order. The owner thought he was trying to run away, so he shot at the young man and he was killed.
Later, police found that the dead man was a Japanese student who was studying in Los Angeles University. He went to visit a friend, but unluckily could not remember the number of the house. When he realized he went to the wrong house he turned round and left. He didn't know much English and so didn't understand the word "Freeze". What a lesson we should get for this!
The question is: According to the article, what does the word "Freeze" mean?
The possible answers are:
A:It means "be covered with ice".
B:It means "very cold".
C:It means "dangerous".
D:It means "Stand still, or I will shoot you".Dear Editor, 
I am unhappy these days.I am a student in Grade 3 of a middle school. I want to be a policewoman in the future.  But my mother doesn't like the job. She always  says it is too dangerous for a girl to work as a policewoman. She thinks girls should work in the office. She hopes that I can work as a teacher. But I really dislike being a teacher. I don't like work with children. When I talk with her about it , she is often angry. She always thinks she is right. I don't know what to do. Can you help me?
Yours,
Lily
The question is: Where does Lily want to work?
The possible answers are:
A:in the hospital
B:At school
C:In the police station
D:In the officeDo you know S.H.E.? It is a singing group  from Taiwan, China. Three girls are in it. They are Seilina, Hebe and Ella. Their Chinese names are Ren Jiaxuan (Seilina), Tian Fuzhen (Hebe) and Chen Jiahua (Ella).
Look! Here is a photo. Silina is very nice. Her hair is long. She is not short and not tall. Ella looks like a boy. She is medium built . She has short hair. She is cool! Hebe is a nice girl. She isn't tall. She is medium build, too. Her hair is not long.
The question is: Where is S.H.E. from?
The possible answers are:
A:Japan
B:America
C:China
D:CanadaMy friend Alice visited my city last week. She arrived on Wednesday morning. She is from Australia. I showed her around the city. We visited the Clock Tower first. The Clock Tower was very tall. We took some photos there. Then we went to City Museum. After that,we saw a good movie. The next day, we visited the Ladies' Street .There were a lot of clothes shops. The clothes were cheap and beautiful. Alice bought some clothes for her parents and friends. Then we went to the Seafood Street. We bought some seafood. We also had seafood in a restaurant. All of us enjoyed the meal. Then we went to a concert in the evening. The music was fantastic!
On the third day,the weather was very hot so we decided to visit the Monkey Garden. We found different kinds of monkeys in the Garden. The monkeys were funny and active. Alice went back to Australia on Friday evening. She enjoyed the trip. She invited me to visit Australia next summer.
The question is: Where did the writer and Alice go on the first day?
The possible answers are:
A:The Ladies' Street.
B:The Clock Tower.
C:The Monkey Garden.
D:The museum.Scientists   think that many animals cannot see colours. The world is black and white to them. Scientists want to find out if   dogs can see colours. When the scientists give the dogs food, they show them a certain colour every time. The dogs get ready to eat when they see this colour. The scientists then show the dogs another colour. Again the dogs get ready to eat. The colours are all the same to them.
Colours are not all the same to monkeys. For example, if we put food in a red box, and do this every day, a monkey will always go to the red box to get food. If we put food in a blue box, the monkey won't go to it.
The question is: The dogs get ready to eat when they   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:hear different pieces of music
B:see the monkeys
C:see black things
D:see all the coloursPlease do not leave your valuables in your room unattended.
The hotel provides safe deposit boxes at the reception desk.
When you leave the hotel, please put your key at the reception desk.
PLEASE DO NOT
TALK TO OR
DISTRACT THE
DRIVER WHEN THE
BUS IS MOVING.
PLEASE PAY
EXACT FARE.
The local government has
advised skaters not to go out on
the central pond today.
There is a danger of the ice
breaking. Skaters are advised to
enjoy their sport at the local
indoor ice rink   instead
SALE
Sports fans
Don't miss out!
Tennis rackets - down to $15
Basketballs - down to $ 10
Aerobic wear - from just $ 10
Swimwear--from just $5
First five people in the store today
will meet Yao Ming .
Hotel Rendezvous
30   Kings Road
Swindon
UK
23/04/07
Mr. & Mrs. Biggs
80 Cuscaden Road
London
Dear Mr. & Mrs. Biggs,
We are pleased to confirm your reservation as follows:
Date:21-23 June (2 nights)
Room: double
Rate: $120 a night
The question is: If you have some expensive things, where can you leave them when you live in the hotel?
The possible answers are:
A:Take them with you everywhere you go.
B:Leave them in the room you live in.
C:Put them in the safe deposit boxes.
D:Call friends for help.As the sun rose, a dewdrop  woke up. There it sat on a leaf, catching the sunlight. Proud of its simple beauty, it was very happy. Around it were other dewdrops, some on the same leaf and some on other leaves. The dewdrop was sure that it was the best, the most special dewdrop of them all.
Ah, it was good to be a dewdrop.
The wind blew and the plant began to shake, tipping   the leaf. The dewdrop became frightened as it started to move towards the edge  of the leaf. Why was this happening? Things were comfortable. Things were safe. Why did they have to change? Why? Why?
The dewdrop reached the edge of the leaf. It was sure that this was the end. The day had only just begun and the end had come so quickly. It seemed so unfair. It seemed so meaningless. It tried hard to do whatever it could to stay on the leaf, but it was no use.
Finally, it fell. Below there was a mirror. A reflection of the dewdrop seemed to be coming up to meet it.  Closer and closer they came together until finally.., the small dewdrop became a part of the great pond  . Now the dewdrop was no more, but it was not destroyed.
It had become one with the whole.
The question is: Which of the following is TRUE according to the story?
The possible answers are:
A:There was only one dewdrop on the leaf.
B:The dewdrop did nothing before falling.
C:The mirror in the story refers to the pond.
D:The dewdrop was actually destroyed.Popular music in America is what every student likes. Students carry small radios with earphones and listen to music before class, after class, and at lunch. Students with cars buy large speakers and play the music loudly as they drive on the street.
Adult drivers listen to music on the car radio as they drive to work. They also listen to the news about sports, the weather, and the life of American people. Most of the radio programmers are music.
Pop or popular music singers make much money. They make a CD or a tape which radio stations use in many places. Once the popular singer is heard all over the country, young people buy his or her tape. Some of the money from these tapes goes to the singer. Wherever the singer goes, all the young people want to meet him or her. Now the singer has become a national  star.
There are other kinds of music that are important to Americans. One is called folk  music. It tells stories about the common life of Americans. Another is western or country music. This was started by cowboys who would sing at night to the cows they were watching. Today, any music about country life and the 1ove between a country boy and his girl is called western or country music.
,.
The question is: When do the adult drivers always listen to music ?
The possible answers are:
A:when they drive the car.
B:when they drive to work.
C:any time they want.
D:when they want to sing along with.Useful Information in Australia
Useful Numbers
All the telephone numbers are useful and free.
. Fire/ Police/ Ambulance --000     Telephone information--12455
. Medical  Care--1300369359       Taxi--1800421113
Surfing the Internet
With so many Internet tearooms and public libraries, it's easy to surf the Internet in Australia.
Also it's very cheap for you to surf the Internet.
. Public libraries offer free Internet every day even during public holidays.
. Many travel managers provide connection which is cheap or free.
Post Service
All post offices around the country offer post services  so you can receive mails as you travel around the whole country.
. Post offices are usually open from Monday to Friday from 9 am to 5 pm.
. It costs 50 cents to send a standard  letter in Australia.
Public Holidays
On public holidays all shops are closed across Australia, so are banks and post offices.
. New Year's Day--1st January
. Australia Day--26th January
. Christmas Day--25th December
The question is: Mr. Green lives alone in Australia and he isn't in good health. He needs a nurse to look after him. What should he do?
The possible answers are:
A:Go to an Internet tearoom.
B:Send a letter to his son.
C:Call 1300369359.
D:Go to a hospital.A long time ago, there was a seed  and because he was only a seed, nobody noticed him. Thus, feeling inferior , the seed gave no importance to his existence .Then one day, a wind picked him up and threw him on an open field under the sun. Later, he was given rain.Years later he saw a traveler sitting by his side. "Thank God for this. I really need some rest," he heard the traveler say."What are you talking about?" the seed quickly asked. He thought the man was making fun of him. No one ever spoke to him like that.
"Who just spoke?" the shocked man asked."It is me. A seed." "A seed?" The man looked at the big tree. "Are you joking? You are not a seed. You are a big tree!"
"Really?"
"Yes! Why do you think people come here?"
What do they come here for?"
"To feel your shade ! Don't tell me you didn't know you had grown over time."
The traveler's words brought him pride.
The seed thought and smiled for the first time in his life. The years of torture  by the sun and the rain finally helped him grow up.
"Oh! That means I'm not a little seed anymore! I was actually born to make people feel comfortable. Wow! That's great.
The question is: How did the seed feel after hearing the traveller's words?
The possible answers are:
A:Sad
B:Proud
C:Guilty
D:SorryIf we are asked exactly what we were doing a year ago, we should probably have to say that we could not remember. But if we had kept a book and had written it in an account  of what we did each day, we should be able to give an answer to the question.
It is the same in history. Many things have been forgotten because we don't have written account of them. Sometimes men did keep a record of the important happenings in their country, but it was often destroyed  by fire or in a war. Sometimes there was never any written record at all because the people of that time and place did not know how to write. For example, we know a great deal about the people who lived in China 4,000 years ago, because they could write and leave written records for those who lived after them. But we know almost nothing about the people who lived even 200 years ago in central Africa because they had not learnt to write.
Sometimes, even if the people cannot write, they may know something of the past. They have heard about it from older people and often songs and dances and stories have been made about the most important happenings, and those have been sung and acted and told for many generations , for most people are proud to tell what their fathers did in the past. This we may call "remembered history". Some of it has been written history because words are much more easily changed when used again and again in speech than when copied in writing. But where there are no written records, such spoken stories are often helpful.
The question is: "Remembered history" is considered as valuable only when   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:it is written down
B:there is no written account
C:it proves to right
D:people are interested in itImagine the situation. You are driving along in a desert or on a mountain. You have no idea where you are. You passed the last house two hours ago. Then your car breaks down. It is night and it is cold. You have no mobile phone. What do you do? Well, next time take a GPS with you. This invention may be able to help you. It is a device  which uses satellites to find the user's position. It can find your position to within 20 meters. A GPS cannot start your car, but at least you will know where you are.
GPS, which means Global Positioning System , is a small radio receiver. It looks like a mobile phone. You can hold it in your hand, or put in you pocket. It is sometimes put into a watch or a telephone. We also find GPS devices in cars, planes, or boats. Some of these devices have electronic maps, so you know where you are. For example, in a city they can tell you the name of the street.
There are three parts to the Global Positioning System. The first part is the receiver. You can hold it in your hand, or have it fixed into your car, plane, etc. the second part is a group of satellites orbiting the Earth. The receiver contacts at least four of the satellites and calculates its position. The third part of the system is a network of ground stations. They are all over the world. _ control the satellites and make sure they are working well.
Some people think that in the future the GPS will be as common as the mobile. They are becoming cheaper and more and more accurate . There are also new uses for the GPS. Perhaps they will become like watches. Everyone will have one and you will never be lost again.GPS
The question is: According to the passage, with the help of the GPS, people   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:can't be lost in a new city
B:can't find their way in different counties
C:can learn about the culture of an unknown place
D:can spend the least time getting to another placeA group of reporters asked a group of 4-to-8-year-old children this question, "What does love mean?" The answers were surprising. The children would answer like they did below.
Rebecca --- age 8
"When my grandmother hurt her knees , she couldn't bend   over and paint her toenails   any more. So my grandfather would do it for her all the time, even when his hands hurt, too. That's love."
Samantha --- age 6
"Love is when someone hurts you, and you get so mad but you don't shout at her because you know it would hurt her feelings."
Terry --- age 4
"Love is what makes you smile when you're tired."
Bethany --- age 4
"I let my big sister pick on   me because my Mum says she only picks on me because she loves me. So I pick on my baby sister because I love her."
Lauren --- age 4
"I know my elder sister loves me because she gives me all her old clothes and has to go out and buy new clothes."
Elaine --- age 5
"Love is when Mummy gives Daddy the best piece of chicken."
Clear --- age 5
"My Mummy loves me more than anybody. You don't see anyone else kissing me to sleep at night."
Jessica --- age 8
"You really shouldn't say 'I love you' unless you mean it. But if you mean it, you should say it a lot. People forget."
The question is: What does Jessica mean about love?
The possible answers are:
A:Too much love is no love.
B:You should say love more often.
C:You mean what you think.
D:Say love more often if you have it.Let me tell you something about our park.It's not very big but beautiful .Here's the gate .We can go into  the park from here. On the left of it, there are two toilets .There is a cafe on the right .We can drink coffee there. There is a big tree near it. In the tree, there are many birds. In the middles of the park ,there is a playground .There are many boys and girls on it .Some are flying kites, and others are dancing. They are happy. Near the playground, there is a nice and big lake .There are many boats on it.
The question is: Is the park beautiful?    _  .
The possible answers are:
A:No, it isn't.
B:Yes ,it isn't
C:No, it is
D:Yes, it isGoing to a friend's house is very exciting. You may spend time with a friend and get to see where he lives. So remember to be polite.
When to arrive
The first thing to remember is that when a friend invites you, you need to arrive on time. If your friend tells you to come "about 3:00", that means you can arrive before 3:05. But usually it is a good idea to arrive at the right time.
What to bring
Often it is also nice to bring something to your friend's house. This could be a box of chocolates for you two to share, or maybe a movie that you can watch together. You can also bring some flowers. A little gift is a nice way to show your friend that you are excited to be at his house.
How to greet
When you visit your friend's house, you may also meet his parents. You should tell them who you are and they may tell you their names. As a child, I went to visit my friend Paul. I called his parents by their first names John and Mary. But now I know it is more polite to call them Mr. or Mrs. Smith. This will show them more respect   and then they may tell you to call them by their first names. Another way to show respect is to call them Madam or Sir.
It is a cool thing to visit a friend's house. Be polite to your friend and your friend's parents, and you will be welcome again!
The question is: We may read this passage   _   .
The possible answers are:
A:on a wall
B:in a letter
C:in a magazine
D:in an advertisementMr. White works in a park. He can't hear or speak. He looks after the chairs in the park.
Some chairs in the park look very old. Mr. White wants to paint   them. It is cloudy today. There are few people in the park,so Mr. White starts to paint a chair. After he paints it,he goes back to his office and brings a card with "WET PAINT" on it. He wants to put the card near the chair. He takes the card and walks to the chair.
Dave is taking a walk in the park. He feels a little tired  .He wants to sit on a chair. He sees the chair. He is walking to it,too.
Mr. White finds someone behind him walking to the same chair. He walks quickly. When Dave sees this,he begins to run. Mr. White begins to run,too. Dave runs faster than (......)Mr. White and he sits on the chair. He does not know the paint is wet. Mr. White is not happy to see him sitting on the chair. He shows Dave the card. Dave feels very embarrassed  .
The question is: From the passage,we can learn   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:Dave's clothes get wet paint at last
B:there are many people in the park
C:Dave feels hungry when he walks in the park
D:Mr. White doesn't talk to Dave because he doesn't know himNancy is an English school girl. She studies in a middle school. She has a little brother. His name is John. John is only four. Nancy likes him very much.
Today is Sunday. Nancy wants to do her homework. She takes out her pencil-box and opens it. "Oh, dear! Where's my pen?" She can't find her pen. She goes to ask her brother in his bedroom.
"John! I can't find my pen. Can you see it?  Oh, what are you doing with my pen? "
"I'm writing to my friend, Peter." John answers.
"But how can you? You don't know how to write! "
"It doesn't matter. Peter can't read. " John says.
,.
The question is: Which is NOT right?
The possible answers are:
A:Nancy finds her pen in John's room.
B:John can't write.
C:John is writing with her sister's pen.
D:Peter can read.The world itself is becoming much smaller by using modern traffic and modern communication means . Life today is much easier than it was hundreds of years ago, but it has brought new problems. One of the biggest is pollution. To pollute means to make things dirty. Pollution comes in many ways. We see it, smell it, drink it and even hear it.
Man has been polluting the earth. The more people, the more pollution. Many years ago, the problem was not so serious because there were not so many people. When the land was used up or the river was dirty in a place, men moved to another place. But this is no longer true. Man is now slowly polluting the whole world.
Air pollution is still the most serious. It's bad to all living things in the world, but it is not only one kind of pollution. Water pollution kills fish and pollutes drinking water. Noise pollution makes us become angry more easily.
Many countries are making rules to fight against pollution. They stop the people from burning coal in houses and factories in the city, and from blowing dirty smoke into the air.
The pollution of SO2 is now the most dangerous problem of air pollution. It is mostly caused by heavy traffic. It is certain that if there are fewer people driving, there will be less air pollution.
The earth is our home. We must take care of it. That means keeping the land, water and air clean. And we must try to control the growth of population at the same time.
The question is: Air pollution is the most serious kind of pollution because .
The possible answers are:
A:it's bad to all living things in the world
B:it makes much noise
C:it has made our rivers and lakes dirty
D:it makes us become angry more easilyAs an old Chinese saying goes, food is what matters most to people. A Bite of China Season Two, all about the history and culture of eating and cooking in China, broadcast on CCTV-1 from April 18 to June 6. Food plays an important role in our daily life. It is also one of the most important parts of Chinese culture. Besides the rich food culture in China, A Bite of China Season Two also wants to show the joys and sadnesses of ordinary Chinese in changing times through food.
The documentary makes viewers long for home and the tastes of childhood. One Weibo user wrote, "A Bite of China Season Two makes me have so many words to say. It makes me think of my parents and grandmother. I remember my father taught me how to fish when I was a kid. I haven't been home for a long time, so I've decided to go back in a few days."
The documentary uses food as a window to introduce China to the world. Viewers can see how Chinese people love life by loving food. The new season is not just an introduction to food. It also explores the relationship between Chinese people and their food. Anyone who wants to know more about Chinese food culture and Chinese society should have a bite of the programme.
The question is: What type of TV programme is A Bite of China Season Two?
The possible answers are:
A:A cartoon.
B:A documentary.
C:A comedy.
D:A chat showOne day, I went to see my last patient, an old woman. In the doorway, I saw she was struggling   to put socks on her swollen  feet in the bed. I stepped in, spoke quickly to the nurse, read her chart noting . I was almost in the clear that she was not in serious condition.
I asked, "Could I help put on your socks? How are you feeling? Your sugars and blood pressure were high but they're better today. The nurse mentioned you're anxious to see your son. He's visiting you today. It's nice to have a family visit. I think you really look forward to seeing him."
"Sit down, doctor. This is my story, not yours." She said with a serious voice.
I was surprised as I helped her with the socks. She told me that her only son lived across from her house, but she had not seen him for five years. She believed that was the main cause of her health problems. After hearing her story and putting on her socks, I asked if there was anything else I could do for her. She shook her head no and smiled. All she wanted me to do was to listen.
Each story is different. Some are detailed and others are simple. Some have a beginning, middle and end but others don't have clear ends. Some are true but others not. Yet all those things do not really matter. What matters to the storyteller is that the story is heard -- without interruption  or judgment .
It was that woman who taught me the importance of stopping, sitting down and truly listening. And, not long after, in an unexpected accident, I became a patient. 20 years later, I sit all the time -- in a wheelchair.
For as long as I could, I continued to see patients from my chair. I believe in the power  of listening.
The question is: Which statement is NOT right according to the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:Her son lived close to her house.
B:Listening is powerful medicine.
C:The old woman didn't need the doctor's treatments.
D:The doctor has to "walk" with the help of a wheelchair.Once there was a man traveling in a faraway village.As he was passing the elephants,he suddenly stopped.He found that these huge elephants were being held by only a small rope tied to their front leg.No chains ,no cages.It was clear that the elephants could,at any time,break away from their ropes but for some reason,they did not.
He saw a trainer nearby and asked why these animals just stood there and didn't try to get away."Well,"the trainer said,"when they are very young and much smaller we use the same size rope to tie them and,at that age,it's enohgh to hold them.As they grow up,they still believe they cannot break away.They believe the rope can hold them,so they never try to break free."
How could it be?These animals could at any time break free from their ropes.But because they were always stuck right where they were,they believed they couldn't.
Just like the elephants,how many of us go through life believing that we cannot do something,just because we failed at it once before?
 _ .We should never give up the struggle in life.
The question is: Why do the elephants never try to break free from the ropes?
The possible answers are:
A:Because they think they cannot.
B:Because they are too old to do it.
C:Because they like their living places.
D:Because they get on well with the trainer.Steven Jobs was born in 1955. He was an American businessman and inventor. He was the co-founder and chief executive officer (CEO) of Apple Inc. In the late 1970s, Steve, with Apple co-founder Steve Wozniak, Mike Markkula, and others, designed, developed, and marketed one of the first successful lines of personal computers, the Apple II series and later, the Macintosh.
Steve was among the greatest of American inventors - brave enough to think differently, and believed he could change the world and in fact, he had the power to change the whole world. By making computers personal and putting the Internet in our pockets, he has brought joy to millions of children and grownups.
Steve was fond of saying that he lived every day like it was his last. He changed the way each of us sees the world. Steve's brilliance, passion and energy were the source of countless innovations that enrich and improve all of our lives. The world is much better because of Steve. On October 5, 2011, Steve died of cancer. The world has lost _ . We all feel sad about it.
The question is: Why Steve was fond of saying that he lived every day like it was his last?
The possible answers are:
A:Because he knew he would die soon.
B:Because he was too busy every day.
C:Because he was humorous.
D:Because he wanted to make full use of time.Music is an international language. Popular music in America is what every student likes.
Students carry small radios with earphones and listen to music before class, after class, and
at lunch. Students with cars buy large speakers and play the music loudly when they drive
streets. Adult drivers listen to music on the car radio when they drive to work. They also listen to the News about sports, the weather, politics , and activities of the American people. Most of the radio broadcast is music.
Pop or popular music singers make much money. They make a CD or tape which radio stations use in every state . Once the popular singer is heard all over the country, young people buy his or her tape. Some of the money from these tapes comes to the singer. Whenever the singer goes, all the young people want to meet him or her. Now the singer has become a national star.
There are other kinds of music that are important to Americans. One is called folk music. It has stories about the common life of Americans. Another is called western or country music. This was started by cowboys who would sing at night to the cows they were watching. Today, any music about country boy and his girl is called western or country music. Serious music for the concert halls is called classical music. Music for instruments is called orchestra music, such as the symphonies  of Beethoven.
The question is: What is the best title of the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:Popular Music in America
B:Kinds of Music in America
C:How to Be Famous Singers
D:International LanguageJean is a bright young woman from a rich and famous family. She goes to a good university and has almost everything that money can buy. But the people in Jean's family are so busy that they can hardly find time to be with her. In fact, Jean is quite lonely.
So Jean spends a lot of her time on QQ. She likes being anonymous   talking to people who do not know about her famous family and her rich life. She uses the name Linda on QQ and made a lot of friends.
Last year Jean made a very special friend on QQ. His name was David and he lived in San Francisco. David was full of stories and jokes. He and Jean had the same interests in rock music and modern dance. So it always took them many hours to talk happily on QQ and sometimes they even forgot the time. Of course, they wanted to know more about each other. David sent a picture of himself: he was a tall, good-looking young man with big, happy smile. As time went by, they became good friends and often sent cards and small things to each other.
When Jean's father told her that he was going on a business trip to San Francisco, she asked him to let her go with him, so that she could give David a surprise for his birthday. She would take him the latest DVD of the rock singer they liked most. But when Jean knocked in David's door in San Francisco, she found that the special friend she had written to was a twelve-year-old boy named Jim!
The question is: Which of the following sentences is Wrong according to the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:Neither David nor Linda is a real name.
B:Jim was a tall, good-looking young man.
C:Jean went to San Francisco with her father.
D:Both Jim and Jean like rock music.Although I am not in my childhood. I still prefer reading fairy tales. They often make me think of some special experiences and feelings. This summer I have received this kind of tales ,The Little Prince .It was
Published in 1940 .It is the world-famous fairy tale by the Frenc h author Antoine.
I ,the narrator   of the story ,is a pilot . His plane has something wrong and lands in the Sahara . The little prince lives on a small planet ,and he grows a flower called ROSE there . One day they have a quarrel   ,so the little prince runs away . On his all alone journey, he meets different kinds of people . From these people he gets a conclusion   that grow-ups are strange . And with the help of the man he meets , he descends in the Sahara .
The book moved me a lot . It is not only a fairy tale for children and teenagers, but also for grow-ups .
,.
The question is: The best title for this article is   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:A fair tale
B:My favourite fairy tale ---The Little Prince
C:How to choose the story
D:How I spent my childhoodMr Brown lives on Green Street now. He wants to send a postcard to his pen pal in Toronto,but he doesn't know where the post office is."Which is the way to the post office?"he asks his new neighbor Joe. "I want to send a postcard to Toronto.""The post office is quite far from here," answers Joe. "If you only want to post some letters or post cards ,you needn't go to the post office. You can put them into a mailbox down the street
The question is: Where can Mr Brown post the postcard in the neighborhood?
The possible answers are:
A:The post office.
B:The mailbox in the post office.
C:The mailbox on the street.
D:His house.Here is an examination notice. Mrs. Dickson gave it to her students last week. Read it and answer the questions.
To the students of Class 3
*Examinations start on June 22 and end on June 23.
*The time for each of the subjects is:
English   June 22     9:30 A.M.- 10:30 A.M.
Math     June 22     11:00 A.M.- 12:00 A.M.
History   June 22     2:30 P.M.- 3:30 P.M.
PE       June 23     8:00 A.M. - 10:00 A.M.
Music    June 23     1:00 P.M. - 3:00 P.M.
*For the PE test, go to the playground. For the music test, go to the Piano Room. All else are     written  tests. They will be held in classroom 3.
*No student can get into the examination room more than 15 minutes after the exam starts.
*No food or drink during ANY test.
*No dictionaries during the English exam.
*Wear sports shoes and clothes for the PE exam.
If you have questions, go to the Teachers' Office before the tests.
The question is: Where were the students of Class 3 at 8:30 A.M., June 23?
The possible answers are:
A:In the playground.
B:In their classroom.
C:In the Piano Room.
D:At the Teachers' Office.Every morning, the newspaper chief editor  holds a meeting with the reporters. They discuss the main events  of the day. Reporters are then sent to cover the events.
As soon as the reporters know what to write about, they get down to work. They telephone people and fix a time for a face-to-face interview with them. Sometimes they do telephone interviews. Checking information is very important. They go to the newspaper's own library to look up any information that they need. This is called "doing one's homework".
At the same time, the picture editor decides which photographs will be used for the next day's paper. All the people who work on a newspaper must be able to work fast. Reporters have to stop working on one story and start working at once on the important new one. They must find out the new information as quickly as possible. Later in the day, everything is put together at the news desk. Reporters return, type their stories into the computer and hand them to the editor.
The chief editor decides which will be the most important story on the front page. Sometimes this will have to be changed if something more important happens late in the day. Other editors read the stories which the reporters have written and make any necessary changes.
Finally, there is no more time left for adding new stories, and the time for printing  the newspaper has come. This is done on fast-moving printing machines. The newspapers are then delivered  by truck, plane or rail. Speed is important. People want to buy the latest newspaper; nobody wants to buy yesterday's.
The question is: The front page contents  are decided by   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:the importance of the events
B:how well the stories are written
C:the knowledge of the chief editor
D:whether they are the latestLittle Peter is a boy of nine. He began to go to school the year before last and now he's in Grade Three. He lives not far from the school but he is often late for class. He likes watching TV in the evening and goes to bed late, so he can't get up on time in the morning.
This term, Mrs. Black, Peter's aunt, works in Peter's school. She teaches Grade Three math. She's strict  with Peter and often tells the boy to obey  the school rules and come to school on time. Yesterday morning Peter got up late. When he hurried to school, it was half past eight. His aunt was waiting for him at the school gate.
"You're ten minutes late for the first class, Peter," Mrs. Black said angrily. "Why are you often late for class?"
"Every time I get to the street corner, I see a guidepost . It says: "SCHOOL--GO SLOW!'"
The question is: The first class begins at   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:ten to eight
B:eight
C:eight twenty
D:ten past eightNow cities are full of cars. Some families even have two or more cars. Parking is a great problem, and so is the traffic in and around the cities. Something will have to be done to change it.
What will the cars of tomorrow be like?
Little cars may some day take the place of today's big cars. If everyone drives little cars in the future, there will be less pollution in the air. There will also be more space for parking cars in cities, and the streets will be less crowded. Three little cars can fit in the space now needed for one car of the usual size.
The little cars will cost much less to own and to drive. Driving will be safer, too. What is more, these little cars can go about 65 kilometers per hour.
Little cars of the future will be fine for getting around a city, but they will not be useful for long trips. If big cars are still used along with the small ones, two sets of roads will be needed in the future. Some roads will be used for the big, fast cars, and other roads will be needed for the slower small ones.
The question is: The big cars are   _   the little cars for long trips.
The possible answers are:
A:as useful as
B:not so useful as
C:more useful than
D:less useful thanTom's parents are away for 2 days. So he goes shopping in the supermarket. He makes a shopping list. There are lots of people in the supermarket. He plans  to make sandwiches for his lunch. He buys bread and butter. Then he buys ham and cabbages. He also buys two kilos  of apples. They are 5 yuan a kilo. The apples look good. He has everything on his shopping list. Then he goes home.
,
The question is: Does Tom have everything on his list?
The possible answers are:
A:Yes, he does.
B:No, he isn't.
C:Yes, he is.
D:Yes, he doesn't.John: Here's a good shop. Shall we buy mother's birthday present here?
Mary: Yes, that's a good idea. Shall we go inside?
Tom: No. Let's look in the window. Shall we buy her a sweater?
Anne: Er, no. It'll soon be summer. Let's buy her a blouse to wear. There's a nice one in the window.
John: No, she has two blouses. Let's buy a ring.
Mary: Oh, no! They're diamond rings. Look at the price. The cheapest is $15.
John: A real diamond ring is at least $500.They only look like diamonds.
Tom: Shall we buy a table? It's only $15.
Anne: It doesn't look good, just like a big box. Mum likes chairs.
Tom: But they haven't any here.
Mary: What about a pen? So cheap! Only $10.
John: She has a lot of pens and pencils. All of them are new.
Tom: Oh, look here. These flowers are beautiful.
Mary: They aren't real and will never die.
John: And they're the cheapest of all these things. Yes, let's buy them.
Anne: All right.
The question is: Which of the following things are sold in the shop?
The possible answers are:
A:It sells flowers, rings, tables and sweaters.
B:It sells rings, coats, blouses and flowers.
C:It sells blouses, tables, chairs and pens.
D:It sells sweaters, real flowers, tables and rings.I'm Jack. I'm a middle school student. I have lessons from Monday to Friday. At weekends, I usually get up very late. I wash my face, brush my teeth and then go out to do morning exercises. I eat my breakfast at about nine o'clock. After that, I often go to the park with my parents. The park is a little far from our home, so we go there by bus. It often takes us about twenty minutes to get there by bus. The park is very beautiful. There are always lots of people in the park. There are men and women, old and young. Parents must take good care of their children. There is a large lake in the middle of the park. I often go swimming there. Sometimes, I fly kites. We always have a good time there.
The question is: Where does Jack often go at weekends?
The possible answers are:
A:To the bookstore.
B:To the cinema.
C:To the museum.
D:To the park.Kate White has a big family. There are   nine people. Her grandfather's name is James White. He is a doctor. Her grandmother's name is Alice White. She is a housewife . They have a son and a daughter. Her father's name is Thomas White and he is an actor. Her mother's name is Jenny White and she is a nurse. Kate is 13 years old and she is a junior high school student. She has a little brother, Jimmy. Jimmy is three. Charles in her uncle, and Casey is her aunt. They are teachers. They have a baby. His name is Tommy. Kate likes her family very much.
,.
The question is: How old is Kate?
The possible answers are:
A:Nine.
B:Thirteen.
C:Three.
D:Four."Tom? Are you in bed yet?" called Mrs.White. There was no answer. Mrs. White put down her book and went to her 14-year-old son's room. Tom was sitting in front of a bright computer screen on which a motorbike was running fast.
"Oh, Tom. You're still playing on that computer game. You must stop now, it's half past eleven. If you don't go to bed soon, you'll be very tired tomorrow, " said Mrs. White."But I've nearly won the game, " Tom said to Mrs. White. She could see the excitement on his face. She sat down beside him."You're always playing on the computer. You spend more time on this machine than on your homework. "
Today more and more families have computers. Parents hope computers can help their children improve their study at school. But many of their children use computers to play games and watch videos instead of studying. We often see that computer net bars are crowded with people, especially young boys. They spend a lot of money competing  with the computerized   machines. The more they lose, the more they want to win. The result is that they don't want to work or study.
In some countries, even scientists hate computers. They say computers cause millions of people to lose their jobs or cause them a lot of trouble. Computer game addiction  is a serious problem in social  life. Something has to be done to solve the problem.
The question is: Many children use computers to   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:watch videos
B:listen to songs
C:play games
D:A, B and CMy name is Jane. I'm now living in a small house with my parents. Life for us is difficult but happy. I must study hard to buy a big new house someday. I call it a dream  house.
My dream house is near the sea. It has three floors with five bedrooms, three bathrooms, two big dining rooms and two living rooms. When my friends come to visit me, I will have enough  bedrooms for them. We have a swimming pool behind the house and a garden in front of the house. In the morning, my parents can _ in the garden to keep them healthy. The air will be very good and nice. When it's hot, we can have a swim in the swimming pool. Life will be easy for us.
The question is: Which is NOT true about Jane's dream house?
The possible answers are:
A:It has a swimming pool.
B:It has a garden.
C:It has five bedrooms.
D:It has five floors.This is a photo of Mr. White's family. The man with glasses   is Mr. White. The woman is Mr. White's wife. They have a son and a daughter. The son is behind (......) Mr. White. His name is Tom. He's 13. Kate is Tom's sister. She is 11. Tom and Kate are in the same school, but they are in different   grades. Tom is in Grade Three and Kate's in Grade One. They are good students.
,.(2)
The question is: Tom and Kate are  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:good children
B:good students
C:in different schools
D:in the same gradeThere is a big zoo in our city. There are lots of different animals in it. There are some scary tigers and lions. They like eating meat and they eat much meat every day.
There are also two big elephants and a baby one. Children like to ride them. The elephants are very kind and friendly. They eat much grass and bananas.
In the zoo, we can also see different kinds of bears----brown bears, black bears and white bears. They are all slow and clumsy. They stand on their back legs and lift their front legs to ask for food. They like cakes very much.
Do you like pandas? There's only one in the zoo. Her name is Lingling, she is very cute. She likes eating bamboo a lot. She is kind of shy. She is very interesting and lovely.
The question is: Elephants eat_.
The possible answers are:
A:grass and meat
B:bananas and grass
C:cakes and bananas
D:meat and bananasZhang Lin is a middle school student. He is a good boy. Uncle Wu lives next to him. Uncle Wu has no child and can't see anything. He works in the factory   near Zhang Lin's school. He goes to work at 7:30 in the morning and comes home at 4:30 in the afternoon. Zhang Lin walks to school at 8:00 in the morning and comes home at the same time as Uncle Wu in the afternoon. On weekdays Zhang Lin gets up early to take Uncle Wu to the factory. After school he takes him home. On Sundays Zhang Lin helps Uncle Wu clean the house and do some cooking. Uncle Wu thanks Zhang Lin very much. He says, "Zhang Lin is a good boy. He is like my son."
The question is: Which of the following is right ?
The possible answers are:
A:Zhang Lin likes Uncle Wu's son.
B:Zhang Lin is Uncle Wu's son.
C:Zhang Lin looks like Uncle Wu's son.
D:Zhang Lin is like Uncle Wu's son.Hello! My name is Mike. I am from America. Now I am with my parents. I like breakfast at home. I have an egg, some bread and porridge  for breakfast. I do not like milk. I have no time to go home for lunch. So I have it at school. The lunch in our school is good. I can have different food for lunch. I eat rice, meat and vegetables. Sometimes I have noodles and dumplings. I have dinner at home with my parents. Sometimes we go out to eat with friends. We have chicken, vegetables and fruit.
The question is: For breakfast, Mike has  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:an egg, an apple and porridge
B:an egg, bread and porridge
C:an apple, bread and milk
D:an egg, an apple and breadThe following are some tips for becoming a successful businessman by Michael Bloomberg. They are based on his experience of building a company from the ground  up, leading New York City as mayor , and so on.
Take Risks
Life is too short to spend your time avoiding failure.
In 1981, at the age of 39, I lost my job. The next day I took a big risk and began my own company. In 2001, when I was debating whether to run for mayor, most people advised me not to do it. But one person said, "If you can imagine yourself giving a concession speech, then why not go for it?" That was the best advice I received, and I followed it.
In order to succeed, you must first be willing to fail-- and you must have the  courage to go for it anyway.
Make your own luck
Luck plays a part in success. The harder you work, the luckier you get.
Whatever you choose to do, even if it's not the job of your dreams, always work hard at it. Be the first person at work in the morning and the last to leave at night. Hard work creates chances.
Never stop learning
The most powerful word in English language is "why". There is nothing so powerful
as an open, inquiring mind . Whatever field you choose for starting a business -- be a lifelong student.
Give back
You are responsible for your success and failure, but you only succeed if you share the reward with others.
My first donation was a $ 5 check to my alma mater   . And while the checks may be bigger today, they come with the same spirit.
You don't have to be wealthy to give back. You can give back by giving your time  and talents.
The question is: What did the writer do at the age of 59?
The possible answers are:
A:Lost his job.
B:Ran for mayor.
C:Built a company.
D:Became a teacher.Hawaii is a truly beautiful place. Most people know Hawaii for its lovely beaches. However, Hawaii is also a land full of legends . One of the oldest legends tells of a special dance called the hula, which started here around 300 years ago.
One hula teacher tells the story of how the dance started. "The hula started, as far as the legend tells it, when Hi'iaki and her good friend Hopoe went down to the beach. And then, when they were there, they noticed the waves ...and they imitated the waves. And then started to use their hands...like showing the waves.That is how the hula started."
However,not everyone has always liked the hula.In 1820,some religious  people from Western countries came to Hawaii.The visitors were shocked by the hula because the dancers were not wearing many clothes.So they asked the local government to ban  the dance.
After that,most Hawaiians were not allowed to perform the hula in public for almost 60 years.But that did not mean the dancing stopping.Many dances still performed the hula in secret.The dance was always there.
Things have changed.At the moment,people of all ages want to study the old culture.They want to learn how to dance the hula.As a result,more and more people are attending halaus. Halaus are special schools that hula in the traditional way.
Kumano is a hula teacher. For him, the dance is a way to bring the best of old Hawaii culture to people today. Kumano says that the dance is not really about the body.He feels that it is more about the mind.He explains this feelings,"...the hula is more... not so much a physical thing,but more of a mental thing.For new dances,the dancing means very little,because for Hawaiians today,many of them don't speak the Hawaiian language. So,what I try to do is to mind the real thing they see today."
The question is: How do we understand that Kumano tries to bring to mind the real thing they today?
The possible answers are:
A:He tries to help young Hawaiian understand the old culture better.
B:He tries to let new dances feel the beauty of the Hawaiian language.
C:He tries to advise his students to pay more attention to the mind.
D:He tries to show local people that the hula can be different today.Mike is a factory worker. He is often very tired after a day's work. His wife, Jenny, has no job, so she stays at home to cook the meals. Every day he can have his dinner when he gets home from his factory.
One day, Mike came home very late because he was very busy in the factory. He was very hungry when he got home.
He was not happy when he found his dinner was not ready. He was very angry with his wife. He shouted at her, "I'm going out to eat in a restaurant." "Wait for five minutes," said his wife. "Why? Do you think that dinner will be ready in five minutes?" asked Mike.
"Of course not," she answered. "But I can be ready to go with you in five minutes."
The question is: Jenny stays at home because   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:she likes cooking
B:she loves her husband very much
C:she doesn't have a job
D:she doesn't want to workMrs. Black and her daughter Jane are in a store.   (: Clerk )
Clerk:Can I help you?
Mrs. Black: I want a sweater for my daughter.
Clerk: What color does she like?
Mrs. Black (to Jane): What color do you like, dear?
Jane: I like yellow.
Clerk: Do you like this one?
Jane: Yes, it's really beautiful. How much is it?
Clerk: 80 dollars.
Mrs. Black: It's too expensive  . 
Clerk: Look at this blue one. It's only 30 dollars.
Mrs. Black: I think the blue one is nice , too.
Jane: But, Mom, I don't like blue.
Mrs. Black: OK, we'll take the yellow one.
Jane: Thank you, Mom.
Clerk: Here you are.
Mrs. Black: Thanks.
Clerk: You're welcome.
The question is: Which of the following is right?  (?)
The possible answers are:
A:Jane is Mrs. Black's friend.
B:Mrs. Black thinks the blue sweater is nice.
C:Jane likes the blue sweater.
D:The Clerk likes the yellow sweater.Once upon a time there was a monster(  ). He was very ugly (  ), and had no friends. No one wanted to talk to him. Even other monsters thought he was ugly. He lived alone and was very unhappy because he was so lonely.
"I wish I had a friend." he said to himself every day. "One friend would be enough. Someone to talk to."
"Dear Editor( )." he wrote. " I am an ugly monster. How can I find a friend?"
"Dear Monster." the Editor replied. " Advertise( )for a friend in this magazine." The monster wrote an advertisement.
"Monster wants a friend, male or female. I have two heads, four arms, six legs and three tails. I have one blue eye, one green eye and one brown eye. Smoke comes out of my noses. But I am really a kind monster and will be a good friend to someone. If you would like to meet me, please stand outside Blake's Store at 6 p.m. on Friday, May 22nd. Write to me at Box 45. Everybody's Magazine."
A few days later he went to the magazine.
"Do you have any letters for Box 45?" he asked.
The Editor looked in Box45.
"Yes, there is one." she said, and gave it to him.
The monster opened the letter, and read, "Dear Monster, I think a person's character ( ) is more important than his appearance( ). I will wait outside Blake's Store on Friday. Please carry a flower so that I will recognize you. Yours sincerely, Alice Green. "
The question is: How did the monster describe himself in the advertisement?
The possible answers are:
A:Bad
B:Lonely
C:Kind
D:DifferentHi, everyone! I am Paul Hawking, the trip leader for this weekend' s activity. It's that time of the year again when the days are long and it is nice to sit outside and enjoy  some oysters .
We plan to head out to the Mission Bay this Sunday for a beach picnic. You can buy fresh oysters at the Mission Bay Oyster Company and you just need to pay $6 to $l0 for each dozen, depending on the size. It' s on Sunday, June 30.
We will meet at the Student Center at 9:00 a.m. and all go together. The driving time is one and a half to two hours, and the time of return is still uncertain. Come and join us in what must now be the 4th or 5th such trip for the Outing Club.
The oyster farm has a small picnic area with chairs and barbecue grills  . Bring some briquettes   if you would like to grill. Except for oysters, oysters and oysters, little is available there, so please bring your own food and drinks. And of course, if you have any special oyster recipes  , bring them make them and share them!
The weather forecast says it's going to be sunny and around 26degC this weekend. My telephone number is 408-896-3228. Please feel free to call me if you have any questions. Remember to finish your homework before we leave for the picnic.
The question is: On June 30, Paul Hawking will   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:hold a meeting at the Student Center
B:arrive at the oyster farm at 9:00 a.m.
C:teach the students to cook oysters
D:take the students for a picnicThere are many unusual hotels around the world .In Greenland ,there is a hotel made out of ice ,open between December and April every year .In Turkey ,there is a cave hotel with a television ,furniture ,and a bathroom in each room .And in Bolivia ,there is the Salt Palace Hotel .
Thousands of years ago ,the area has the Salt Palace Hotel was a large lake . But over time ,all the water disappeared . Today ,the area has only two small lakes and two salt deserts .
The larger of the two deserts the Uyuni salt desert ,is 12000 square kilometers .During the day ,the desert is bright white because of the salt .There are no roads across the Uyuni desert ,so local people must show guests the way to the hotel .
In the early 1900s ,a man named Juan Quesada built the hotel .He cut big blocks of salt from the desert and used the blocks to build it. Everything in the hotel is made out of salt ;the walls , the roof , the chairs , the tables ,the beds ,and the hotels bar .
The Sun heats the walls and the roof during the day . At night is very cold , but the rooms stay warm . The hotel has twelve rooms . A single room costs 40 dollars a night .and a double room costs 60 dollars .
A sign on the hotels wall tells guests ,Please do not lick the walls.
The question is: who keeps the rooms warm at night ?
The possible answers are:
A:Heat from the walls.
B:The desert air ,
C:The sun.
D:The furniture .It was just three degrees above zero."That's cold", thought Jane as she got ready to deliver her morning papers . Jane had 50 customers ,and on cold mornings when she couldn't ride her bicycle , it took her more than an hour to make her rounds.
As she collected her papers and put them into a big canvas bag , Jane regretted that she hadn't finished her maths homework the night before . There was still time . She would hurry with the papers and finish the maths before breakfast.
Less than an hour later Jane nearly finished. She had only five customers to go.
She could then go home to finish her maths homework while her Mom cooked breakfast . As she rounded the corner , she saw a car in the middle of the street . It was Mr Zimmerman , the elderly man who walked with a walking stick . His car was out of gas .
"I'd like to help Mr Zimmerman," thought Jane ,"but if I do , I won't have time to do my homework." She hated to think what Mr Robert would say if she didn't finish  papers.
"It's his own fault for running out of gas," Jane talked to herself. "The station is only a half mile down the street . Surely Mr Zimmerman can walk that far, even on a cold morning like this...can't he?" As she walked down the street , Jane still wondered what to do.
The question is: The reading doesn't say but we can infer that  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:Jane bought the gas for Mr Zimmerman
B:usually Jane delivered papers by bike
C:Mr Robert Didn't like Jane at school
D:Mr Zimmerman had to leave the car for JaneScientists   are trying to make the deserts   into good land again. They want to bring water to the deserts, so people can live and grow food. They are learning a lot about the deserts. But more and more of the earth is becoming deserts all the time. Scientists may not be able to change the deserts. Scientists think that people make deserts. People are doing bad things to the earth.
Some places on the earth don't get much rain. But they still don't become deserts. This is because some green plants are growing there. Small green plants and grass are very helpful to dry  places. Plants don't let the hot sun make the earth even drier. Plants don't let the wind blow the earth away. When a little bit of rain falls, the plants hold the water. Without plants, the land can become deserts much more easily.
The question is: Why are green plants and grass helpful?
The possible answers are:
A:They can hold the water.
B:They can keep the earth wet.
C:They can stop the wind from blowing the earth away.
D:All the above.Everyone has a family name. In China, the family name is the first name, but in English countries the family name is the last name. Do you know how English people get their family names? And what do they mean? English people usually get their family name in these ways  .
Some family names come from the places of their homes. A man live on or near a hill, his family name may be   Hill. In England, people's names may be Wood, Lake because they live near the wood   or the lake.
Some family names come from a person's job. If a person is a cook, his family name may be Cook.
And many people get their family names from their father's family names. If you hear the name "Jackson", you can know that he is the son of Jack.
The question is: In the passage, English people usually have   _   ways to get their family names.
The possible answers are:
A:two
B:three
C:four
D:fiveLook! This is a photo of my family. My name is Brooklyn. I am 11 years old now. You know my father? Yes, he is David Beckham. He is a good football player  . He is thirty-nine years old now. This is my mother. Her name is Victoria. She is thirty-six years old now. I have a brother. But he is not in this photo. He is only 1 year old. His name is Romeo. We are very happy.
,.
The question is: My father is   _   years old.
The possible answers are:
A:32
B:36
C:38
D:39If you watch the sky for about an hour after the sun goes down , you may see some " moving stars". But they're not really stars. They're man--made satellites . And the biggest of all is the International Space Station(ISS). From May to July is the best season to watch the ISS flying over the earth. And people can see it with their eyes.
The ISS is the biggest satellite and scientists want to live on it. They think that the best way to learn more about space is to live there.
When the space station is finished , it will be like a city in space. People will stay and study there with many of the things they have at home. Laboratories, living rooms and power stations are being built. The ISS is the most expensive space program. Billions of dollars are being spent on it every year.
Scientists hope that the ISS will be _ for future space exploration . "The ISS will help us understand the human body better, explore space and study the earth. It can help us make life on the earth better, " said Kathryn Clark , an ISS scientist.
Sixteen countries are part of the program: the US, Russia, Canada, Japan, Brazil and 11 European countries. China isn't an ISS country , but it has helped with some of the experiments. In 2003 , China sent some rice up to the ISS to find out what space would do to it.
,.
The question is: Where do you most possibly find the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:A TV guide.
B:A storybook.
C:A science magazine.
D:A travel diary.There was once a young man called Paul in a village in the USA. Paul was very lazy because his father was a rich farmer and he didn't have to work. Mr Smith, a neighbour of his, was a blacksmith  . He used to work in his shop all day. Paul spent hours and hours watching how the blacksmith worked every day. "Young man, why don't you try your hand to make a shoe tack  , even it is only to pass the time?" said the blacksmith one day, " Maybe it will be useful to you some day." Finally, the lazy boy began to have a try. After practicing some times, he becameskilledand could make very nice tacks.
Years later, Paul's father died and he lost all the things because of a war  . He had to move to another country and live by himself. It happened that there were many shoemakers paying high prices to buy tacks for the shoes, because in that part of the country there was a great need of tacks for soldiers' shoes. Paul went to talk with them. He told them that he would make the tacks if they could help him find a workshop in the village. The shoemakers agreed. Then Paul made a lot of money by making tacks. "How funny it is!" he said to himself, "Even by making shoe tacks, one can become rich."
The question is: What can we learn form the story?
The possible answers are:
A:Making tacks is important.
B:Wars can make people hard-working.
C:Nothing is difficult to learn.
D:Everything you learned may be useful.Americans usually eat three meals a day. Breakfast usually comes before eight o'clock in the morning. They usually have eggs, some meat, bread, fruit juice and coffee. Lunch is between twelve and one o'clock. It is like a light meal and working people must take lunch with them or get it near workplace.
Children in school take sandwiches, fruit, and cookies with them or eat in school. Supper, the main meal, is between six and eight in the evening. People cook it carefully. They may have meat or chicken, turkey and duck. They may all have potatoes or rice, vegetables or salad. The drink is coffee, tea or milk. Then comes the dessert.
The question is: Americans usually have breakfast and supper at   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:home
B:office
C:in school
D:workplaceCinderella
Once upon a time, there lived an unhappy young girl. She was unhappy, for her mother died several years ago, and her father married   another woman. The woman had two daughters. They were her stepsisters (/)now. Her new mother didn't like her. All the nice dresses, shoes, delicious food, kind thoughts and care were for her own daughters.
For the poor unhappy girl, there was nothing at all. No dresses, only her stepsisters' hand-me-downs . No lovely dishes and no nice rests. For she had to work hard all day, and only when evening came, she could sit for a while by the fire, near the cinders (,). That is how she got her nickname-Cinderella.
The question is: People called her Cinderella because  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:she lost her mother long ago
B:she did not have nice things
C:she looked very pretty
D:she sat by the cinders sometimesHello! My name is Joy. I'm a girl. I'm eleven. I'm in Class Eight, Grade Seven. This is my friend, Joan. She is twelve. She is in a Middle school. She is in Class Seven, Grade Eight. My English teacher is Miss White, but her English teacher is Miss Green. Look!Who's that? Oh, she's my mum. She's a Chinese teacher.
The question is: Joan is Joy's   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:teacher
B:friend
C:student
D:momSmith had a small garden, and in spring she planted some vegetables in it. She looked after them very carefully, and when summer came, they looked very nice.
One evening Mrs. Smith looked at her vegetables and said: " Tomorrow I am going to pick them, and then we can eat them."
But early the next morning, her daughter ran into the kitchen and shouted , "Come quickly! Our neighbor's  ducks are in the garden and they are eating our vegetables."
Mrs. Smith ran out, but it was too late! All the vegetables were finished! Mrs. Smith cried and made her neighbor very sorry, but that was the end of the vegetables.
Then several days before Christmas, the neighbor gave  Mrs. Smith a parcel . In it was a beautiful, fat duck, and on it was a piece of paper with the words, " Enjoy your vegetables."
,
The question is: What did Mrs. Smith receive  several days before Christmas?
The possible answers are:
A:duck
B:Some vegetables
C:A card
D:A personBoys and girls, here I will tell you something about my first trip to the USA.
When I get to Kennedy Airport, I begin my visit to the USA. First, I go to Roy Senior high School. I'm happy on the first night in America because I live with a kind family, the Edwards. It's a big family. They are very friendly to me. They help me do many things. When I want to write to my friends, they buy _ for me; when I lose my camera, they help me buy a new one.
After some days, I go to another school in New Haven. I live in the Palumbos' house. There are three people in the family. I'm surprised that the parents are from two countries.
It is a nice trip and I'm happy to be with the two families. They will be my friends for ever .
The question is: What's the best title  of the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:American schools
B:American families
C:My first trip to America
D:My best friend in AmericaWhen William Stidger taught at Boston University, he once thought about the people he hadn't thanked in his life. They taught him, encouraged him or cared a lot about him.
One was a teacher. She once taught William geography, and William loved geography all his life. So he wrote a letter of thanks to her.
He got the teacher's letter later. It began, "My dear Willie." He was very happy. Now over 50, he didn't think someone would call him "Willie". Here is that letter.
My dear Willie,
I can't tell you how much your letter meant to me. I am in my eighties, living alone in a small room and cooking my own meals. You will be interested to know that I taught school for 50 years and yours is the first letter of appreciation I ever got. It came on a cold morning and it made me feel very warm.
...
William cried when he read the letter. She was one of the people that William hadn't thanked in his past. She helped him to believe in himself. He would never forget her.
There are some people we should always remember, because they helped to shape our life. William Stidger found a way to show his appreciation--he wrote them letters.
Who are some of the people that you need to say thank you to in your past? It may not be too late to say "Thanks".
The question is: William thought about the people that he hadn't thanked in his past when he   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:was in a hospital
B:worked in a library
C:was over 50 years old
D:studied at a universityOne day a mother camel and her son walked through a desert. They were looking for water and grass.
The son asked, "What do water and grass look like, Mum?"His mother answered, "Water looks like the sky, blue and clear.While grass is green, fresh and nice."
After they walked for a day and a night, the son suddenly cried, "Look!Mum,there is water and grass over there!"
"What a foolish talk,my boy!"
The water and grass were on the left,while the desert was on the right.But because the mother camel was blind(   )in her left eye,she could only see a sea of yellow sand with her right eye.So she didn't believe what the young camel said.
The next day they went on walking ,the young camel found a second _ ,but his mother still did not believe him. She said angrily, "No,that's not an oasis,but a desert. I have more knowledge and experience than you. You are wrong again. You should listen to me."
This time the young camel was angry with his mother,too. So when he saw an oasis for the third time, he left his mother without telling her.He ran to the grass and ate his fill. But his poor mother was still walking on and she was still hungry and thirsty.
The question is: Who couldn't eat grass all the time?
The possible answers are:
A:The mother camel
B:The young camel
C:The writer
D:NobodyDo you love having your own room? Do you hate to clean it?
Sometimes your room becomes so messy , and you can't find what you want. You can't even see the floor!
It isn't because you are lazy. It is because you are not arranged .
But don't worry. American writer Julie is here to help. She has written "Organizing from the Inside Out for Teens" to help make your life more organized.
In the book, the writer points out that your room is the only space in the world just for you. If you keep it clean and tidy, you will find things easier and have success in life!
But, to have more success, you must arrange all parts of your life. Not just your room! The book gives many _ to help you do this:
1. Always put things back where you find them.
2. Keep anything important in one easy-to-reach drawer.
3. When you buy a new textbook, put your old ones in a drawer.
4. Put labels   on your drawers saying what is in them.
5. Make a plan for each day. Then you will know what you should be doing at all times.
6. Keep to your plan.
If you follow these tips, you will learn to arrange your space and time. And your future will be full of success!
The question is: The bookOrganizing from the Inside Out for Teens probably helps   _   most.
The possible answers are:
A:old people
B:new writers
C:young people
D:little childrenTom is a fat boy when he is ten. He likes watching TV very much. He watches TV at least 5 hours every day. Wherever he goes, he will be late.
One day, he finds a pair of special glasses in his post-box. He also finds a message saying, "With these you can see time."
The boy wants to have a try. He puts the glasses on, looks at his brother, a tall and thin boy, and sees a big box of flowers on top of his head. And it isn't just like his brother. When he looks at his parents, he also sees the flowers. The three boxes are very beautiful. Then, he looks at himself from the mirror. He sees the flowers, too. But his flowers goes to the mouth of the television. Its mouth is big. His flowers becomes fewer and fewer.
At last, he learns that watching TV is a _ of time. He can learn nothing from it. He decides he will never again let the television eat his time.
The question is: Which of the following is TRUE?
The possible answers are:
A:Tom finds the glasses in the schoolbag.
B:Tom looks the same as his brother through the glasses.
C:Tom looks at his brother first with the glasses.
D:Tom doesn't have any flowers when he looks at himself.Hi, my name is Wang Jun. Do you want to know about my staying in America? Well, to tell you the truth, it is really an eye-opening experience here.
In China, I had English classes five times a week since Grade Five. But I didn't know textbook English could be so different from everyday English until I came to Hotchkiss School, Connecticut. When I first studied English, I was told to say "I'm fine." when people say "How are you?" But in the USA, I found that people say "I'm good." or "I'm tired."
One day, someone greeted   me with "What's up?" It made me _ I thought for a moment and then smiled because I didn't know what to say.
Since then, I have learnt more and more differences between Chinese and American cultures. To my surprise, American girls spend a lot of time in the burning sun getting a tan  . In China, girls try every possible way to keep their skin white.
American students are hard-working like Chinese students. In China, schoolwork is almost everything, so we study hard and that's it. But here, a "good" student not only gets good grades, but also does a lot for the public. That is to say, they get lots of knowledge at school and learn many life skills from social   work.
The question is: Wang Jun found that   _   when he came to Hotchkiss School in the USA.
The possible answers are:
A:it was really important to learn English well
B:English he learnt in China was helpful to him
C:American students were more hard-working than Chinese students
D:textbook English was different from everyday EnglishHello! I'm Lily. I'm going to have a busy weekend. On Saturday morning, I 'm going to the Beach Park with my friends. We are going to ride bikes there because we can do some sightseeing on the way. We are going to play on the beach. At noon, we are going to have a picnic in the park. In the afternoon, we are going to visit our maths teacher. She wants us to go to her room and help us with our maths. In the evening, I'm going to visit my aunt with my mother, because it's my cousin's birthday. There is going to be a party in her house. On Sunday morning, I'm going to the bookstore with my good friends. I'm going to buy some storybooks. After lunch, I'm going to do sports with my brother. In the evening, I'm going to watch TV and clean my room. How busy I am!
,,.
The question is: Lily is going to clean her room on   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:Saturday morning
B:Saturday evening
C:Sunday morning
D:Sunday eveningThere is a zoo named Zhongshan in our city. There are many animals. Some animals are very friendly. But some other animals are not. Tigers, lions and some snakes are dangerous . That's why they must be in cages . But I don't think it's good for animals to be in cages. They need to be free. The animals in cages cannot be happy.
Tigers usually live in forests and mountains . They are strong and can run very fast . They run after and eat small animals like rabbits and deer , but now they are in small cages. They have nothing to do every day. So they walk around in the cages, and they want to come out. When they are tired, they sleep. I am kind of sorry for them.
The question is: What do tigers usually do in forests?
The possible answers are:
A:They have nothing to do.
B:They walk around.
C:They want to sleep.
D:They run after and eat small animals.Once there lived an old man in a mountain village. He was a famous hunter. He often went hunting alone in the mountains. He was not afraid of any wild animals, not even a tiger.
One night, someone saw a tiger come into the village, and stole two sheep away. The next night the tiger came again. The villagers were frightened. They asked the old hunter to catch it so that they could have a safe life.
When the old man heard about the tiger, he thought hard. He wondered why the tiger came at night twice but only stole the sheep. The next night he walked outside the village. Suddenly he saw the tiger coming. He quickly threw himself on the ground. To his surprise, the tiger did not come at him, but went away. He followed it quietly and found it was running on two of its feet just like a man. Then everything was clear.
On the fourth day, when it got dark, the hunter took some animal skins with him and hid himself behind a big tree near the village. He was waiting for the "tiger". As soon as the "tiger" came near the tree, the old hunter jumped out, caught the "tiger" by the "leg" and said, "Don't be afraid. I do not mean to hurt you. You know who I am, don't you?"
The "tiger" said "Yes" and took off the tiger's skin.
"You are poor. But you mustn't steal anything from others. Here are some animal skins for you. You may sell them at the market. With the money, you can buy food and clothes for your family. Work harder and try to make a living. " With tears in his eyes, the poor man thanked the kind-hearted old hunter and walked home.
The question is: How did the old hunter know the tiger was a man?
The possible answers are:
A:The tiger came to the village only at night.
B:He saw the tiger run on its two feet.
C:The tiger only stole sheep.
D:The tiger could speak.Trip1  The Green Mountain
Bring your strong shoes for the hiking in a beautiful area of the Green Mountain. You can also find many kinds of wild animals living in this area.
Time: May 8--May 14                Tel: 64639818
Adult: $110.00                     Child: $55.00
Trip 2  The Heaven Garden
This is a beautiful garden with different kinds of flowers. Take your camera and enjoy the wonderful sight here. It is also a good place for fishing.
Time: May 20--May 22                   Tel: 63986432
Adult: $ 50.00                      Child: $ 25.00
Trip 3  The Dungog Valley
Put on your warm clothes, and come for a night walk along the Dungog Valley. Many of the plants you will see on this trip can only be seen at night.
Time: May 16--May 18                   Tel: 63875629
Adult: $ 30.00                      Not for children
Trip 4  By the sea
Wear your sun hat and enjoy wonderful sunshine all the time from morning to evening. You can also take a boat to different places for swimming.
Time: May 23--May 27                   Tel: 67538293
Adult: $ 80.00                      Child: $ 40.00
The question is: You should take   _   for the sightseeing in the Heaven Garden.
The possible answers are:
A:a sun hat
B:a camera
C:warm clothes
D:strong shoesLong long ago, There was a tree and some grass . The grass grew next to the tree. The tree was very tall and the grass was short. The tree often _ the grass.
One day, the tree said to the grass, "You are weak . Even the grasshopper  is too heavy for you."
The tree also said that it was big and strong. No strong wind was able to blow it down.
The tree laughed at the grass. But the grass didn't get angry. The grass only said, "I'm not afraid of the wind."
That night, there was a strong wind. The wind blew down  the tree. The tree was very poor. It was thrown  on the ground. But the grass was still there. The wind couldn't blow down the grass. It even danced in the wind.
,,.
The question is: Why did the tree mention  the grasshopper?
The possible answers are:
A:To show how strong the tree was.
B:To show how weak the grass was.
C:To show how the tree loved the grass.
D:To show how the grass loved the grasshopper.This is a photo of Mr. Black's family. The man with glasses  is Mr. Black, the father. The woman is the mother. They have a son and a daughter. The son is behind(....) Jack and Kate are in the same  school, but they are in different grades. Jack is in Grade Three and Kate is in Grade One. They are good students.
The question is: Jack and Kate are  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:not good children
B:good students
C:in different school
D:in ChinaThe Voice of China was hot during the summer of 2012!
The Voice of China is the large music show in China. This show is also the only one which regards the Voice as the only ruler. It premiered at 21:15 on July 13, 2012, on the Zhejiang Television. It has attracted great attention. _ .
The first season used "Real voice, real music" as its slogan. As a mentor , singers like Liu Huan, Na Ying, Yu Chengqing and Yang Kun will be responsible for seeking world-shaking voices of China in the following three and a half months, through four stages, namely, "blind choosing", "selecting", "team PK" and "yearly grand ceremony".
It is really a miracle that The Voice of China can stand out in the flood of today's talent shows in China and attracts the audience. A great many of audience said this will be the best television show in this summer. They were all proud for these good voices of China.
The students' beautiful voices moved everyone. Xu Haixing, a girl from Chengdu, sang "Self" to realize her father's dream and Liu Huan was moved to tears by her song. Huang Yong sang "In Spring" showing his persistence on his dream and Yang Kun cried for this. The blind girl Zhang Yuxia, a busker from Taiwan, played while singing. She was praised as "Deng Lijun No.2" for her unique voice, and her sincere feelings touched everybody. Na Ying went to the stage to sing with the students together for two times.
The Voice of China casts off magnificent clothes and wonderful dancing. It regards "inspiration" and "professionalism" as the ruler of music. The singer uses their songs to tell their real stories and the happiness of life.
The question is: If you want to be the winner of The Voice of China, you must   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:have a good-looking
B:have special talent
C:have a wonderful voice
D:dance and sing wellJack thought himself a basketball fan. He watched quite a lot of American NBA basketball games. Not only did he watch them, he spent much of his free time playing on the court too. Then came the final year of his middle school. All of his regular teammates stopped showing up on the court because they were simply too busy preparing for the high school entrance exam to play. He was, of course, under much stress himself, like everyone else. A good exam result meant a good high school; a mediocre score meant a mediocre school. _ . However, he loved basketball so much that he still found time to play, this time with a group of guys who were said to have skipped classes before.
Some of his teachers started worrying about him. They asked his mother to go to school to let her know that Jack was hanging out with problem kids. When his mother returned home that day, she wanted to talk to Jack. Knowing the purpose of her visit to the school, Jack thought his mother would punish him for befriending those bad guys. To his surprise, his mother was not angry with him at all. She wanted to hear her son's side of the story. So Jack told his mother about what he knew of Simon and Peter. Simon's parents were badly ill; Peter's father had lost his job. They both seemed to Jack to be normal kids. Jack's mother thought for a moment, then went on to say that she was OK with her son playing with them and that she and her son should think of ways to help these kids. Soon Jack's mum introduced some part-time jobs to Simon and Peter, which they accepted. She believed in her son and cared about those who were less lucky.
Jack's basketball friends and he have left for different places, but they still keep in touch. He knows Peter is now a manager of a local bank. Simon is currently a freshman at a university. Sadly, it is impossible to get together to play basketball again, but whenever they get on the phone, they talk about it all the time.
The question is: Which of the following is NOT true according to the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:Peter's family are living much better.
B:Simon is now studying at a university.
C:Jack's mum understood him instead of blaming him.
D:Jack's teachers wanted his mother to help his friends.Sydney is a young city. Its history goes back just over 200 years. But in Australia, it is the oldest city. It is also the country' s largest city. Sydney is the capital of New South Wales and the most popular city of Australia.
The climate of Sydney is very good. It' s not too cold during the winter and not too hot during the summer. The sky is blue, the air is fresh, and birds sing in the garden. People who live in Sydney seem to have an easy life style. They will tell you, "Don't worry. "
Many people think that Sydney is one of the most attractive cities in the world. It has many tall and modern buildings. Among them, Center point Tower is the tallest. Standing on the 305-metre(80 storeys)tower, you will have a great view of the city.
Sydney is famous for its deep harbor . The harbor has many bays  and beautiful surf beaches.  Among them, Bondi beach is the most popular.  Sydney Harbor is not only beautiful, it also serves as a large port. Ships carry wool, wheat and meat from Sydney to other countries.
People living in Sydney like to call themselves Sydneysiders. They are mostly friendly and easygoing. When they are not working, they love to have a good time at the beach, swimming and sailing.
The question is: Sydney is the  _  city in Australia.
The possible answers are:
A:youngest
B:largest
C:coldest
D:hottestTom and Mike were good friends. Sometimes they were kind to each other, sometimes they were not. But all of their classmates said they were like brothers.
One day they went out for a walk together. At noon they were very hungry and they went into a restaurant to have lunch. The waiter came up to them and asked,"What can I do for you?"
"Please bring us two apples first." said Tom.
When the waiter put two apples on the table, Mike took the bigger one at once. Tom got angry,
"You are impolite,Mike. Why don't you take the smaller one?" Tom said.
"But I am right."said Mike with a smile,"if I let you take first, which one will you choose?"
"Of course I'11 take the smaller one. "said Tom.
"Yes."Mike said,"If you take the smaller one,the bigger one will still be mine. Don't you think so?"
"Oh!"Tom couldn't answer.
The question is: The waiter gave them  _
The possible answers are:
A:two eggs
B:two apples
C:three oranges
D:some milkWe often consider plants as the furniture of the natural world. They don't move; they don't make sounds;they don't seem to act on anything. But as is often the case, plants talk to each other all the time. And the language is a chemical  .
Over the years, scientists have reported that different types of plants, from trees to tomatoes, give out chemicals into the air to help neighbouring plants. These chemical warnings can spread information about one plant's disease or infestation  ,so other plants can protect themselves. But how plants receive and act on the information exactly is still mysterious  .
In this week's Science Magazine, researchers in Japan offered some explanations. They have found out one chemical message and traced it all the way from beginning to end.
The scientists looked at tomato plants infested by a common pest  . To start out,they grew plants in two separate plastic spaces connected by a tube  . One plant was infested and placed upwind and the other was uninfested and placed downwind. The downwind plants were later exposed  to the pest. The results showed that plants near sick neighbours before were able to protect themselves better against the pest.
They found one chemical appeared more often in the exposed plants. The chemical is called HexVic. The scientists discovered where HexVic came from, and put it over healthy plants. Those plants were then able to produce HexVic. Researchers made sure that uninfested plants could fight off bugs and diseases. How do they know when to protect themselves? They are warned first by their friendly plant neighbours.
It is not a simple story , and it may be happening in many other plants besides tomatoes. It may also be happening with more chemical signals that are still unknown to us. In a word, we know that plants not only communicate, but also look out for one another.
The question is: Which of the following can be the best title of this passage?
The possible answers are:
A:Communicating Plants and Terrible Diseases
B:Talking Plants and Friendly Warnings
C:Protecting Plants and Clear Information
D:Growing Plants and Mysterious ChemicalsDear Mary,
I must go to see your grandparents now.I prepare  these things for you.Your dictionary is in the bookcase.Your schoolbag is on the sofa.Your pencil box,notebooks and your school card are in the schoolbag.Your jacket is on the chair.Don't _ your watch.It's on the desk.
Love you.
Mom
The question is: Who writes  the note ?
The possible answers are:
A:Mary
B:Mary's father
C:Mary's mother
D:Mary's friendDo you want to know how and why a fall leaf changes color? We first have to understand what leaves are and what they do.
Leaves are the world's food factories. Plants take water from the ground through their roots and take CO2from the air. Plants use sunlight to turn water and CO2into glucose , a kind of sugar. Plants use it as food for energy and growing.
A chemical called _ in the leaves gives plants their green colour. As summer ends and autumn comes, the days get shorter and shorter, and trees "know" to begin getting ready for winter.
During winter, there is not enough sunlight or water. Trees rest during this time and live on the food they store during the summer. They begin to shut down their food-making factories. As the green chlorophyll disappears from the leaves, we begin to see yellow and orange leaves.
The bright reds and purples we see in leaves are made mostly in autumn. In some trees, like maples , sunlight and the cool nights of autumn turn the glucose in the leaves into a red colour. And we can enjoy the beautiful red leaves during autumn.
The question is: Which of the following is NOT true?
The possible answers are:
A:When autumn comes, the days get shorter and shorter.
B:Trees begin to stop making food in summer.
C:During winter some of yellow and orange colors are still in the leaves.
D:During winter trees live on the food they store in summer.Mary was a four-year-old girl. She was interested in drawing very much. Mary showed her drawings to everyone. She especially wanted to impress her father, but her dad always seemed to be too busy.
One day, Mary wanted to learn to draw houses. She used many hours to draw a really beautiful house with a big garden. Herself, Mom and Dad were looking out of the house. On the _ was the little dog, she wanted to have it so much.
"Look, mom!"
"Oh, Mary, this is so beautiful! Your best ever!"
Mary was very happy and said, "I'll show this to Dad now!"
She ran to the door of the room where her dad worked.
"Dad!" Mary knocked on the door. "I want you to see the house I made!"
"I'm sorry, Mary, I am busy. Can't you show it to someone else?" her dad answered in the room. Mary looked down at her drawing and her tears came down.
"I don't want to show it to anyone else. I want to show it to my dad. You're the only dad I have!"
Mary's mom felt so heavy in her heart and she got ready for a hug. But before she took another step, the door opened and Mary's dad appeared.
"I'm sorry Mary. I was foolish! Come here and we'll look at your drawing!"
Daughter and the only dad she had walked into the room to enjoy the child's beautiful work of art.
The question is: What did Mary draw on her drawing?
The possible answers are:
A:A beautiful house with a big garden.
B:Her parents and herself.
C:A little dog that she dreamed to own.
D:All above.World War II lasted from 1939 to 1945. Life changed for everybody, including women and children because of the war. Millions of people lost their lives during the war. The Diary of a Young Girl was a record of that time. The book was written by a girl named Anne Frank.
Anne Frank was born in Germany in June 1929. Because the German Nazi  hated the Jews  and warned to kill them, her family had to move to another country. In July 1942, they went into hiding in a secret place in her father's office. During that difficult time, Anne kept writing diaries until she and her family were discovered by the Nazis in August 1944. They were caught and sent to a Nazi camp. The next year, her mother died. In the same year, she and her elder sister died of illness, before the war ended.
After the war, her father collected her diaries and the book The Diary of a Young Girl came out in 1947. It has been put into over 30 languages since then. The book has been read by people all over the world. In her diary, Anne wrote down her thoughts, her feelings, her hopes and her dreams for the future, "I want the diary to be my friend, and I'm going to call this friend Kitty." "I can't spend all day complaining because it's impossible to have any fun! ... Every day, I feel the beauty of nature and the goodness of the people around me. With all that, why should 1 be sad?"
The Diary of a Young Girl has also become a symbol of the greatness of the human spirit. It is called one of the wisest and most moving records on war.
The question is: Which of the following is true?
The possible answers are:
A:Anne was lazy, sad and complained all day.
B:The book is mainly about Anne's school life.
C:Anne loved life though she was in difficult time.
D:The book has been put into nearly 30 languages.One day the students were having painting lessons. Everyone began to draw pictures .Li Lei did nothing. When the bell rang for the break , Li Lei passed his picture to the teacher .
The teacher looked at it and got angry "Why do you give me a piece of paper with  nothing on it , Li Lei ?"asked the teacher.   "I'm sorry, sir. I drew a dog and some bread on the paper"says Li Lei ."Where is the  dog and bread ?"asked the teacher again.   I drew some bread first . When I finished drawing the dog , it ate up the bread . When  I  gave it to you , the dog ran away ."says Li Lei..
The question is: Li Lei is a   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:teacher
B:student
C:worker
D:farmerYou may feel curious  about students in other countries: Do they also have so much homework? What do they do in their free time?
On April 8, a report came out on the life of high school students in China, Japan, South Korea and the US. It surveyed around 6,200 students from the four countries last year. You will find the answers to many of your questions in this report.
Who studies hardest?
Chinese students spend the most time studying. Nearly half of Chinese students spend more than two hours on their homework every day. That's much more than students of the US(26.4%), Japan(8.2%) and South Korea(5.2%).
Who sleeps most often in class?
Japanese students fall asleep in class most often. About 45% of them said they sometimes doze off  in class. In South Korea is 32%; in the US, 21%; and 5% in China.
South Korean students don't like taking notes. About 70% said they write down what the teacher says in class, many fewer than in Japan(93%), China(90%) and the US (89%).
Who is the most distracted ?
American students are the most active in class, but also the most distracted:  64.2% said they talk with friends in class; 46.9% said they eat snacks  in class; and 38.9% said they send e-mails or read unrelated  books in class.
What do they do after school?
In their free time, most Chinese students study or surf the Internet. Most American students go out with their friends. Most Japanese students do physical exercises. Most South Korean students watch TV.
The question is: What do American students do in their free time?
The possible answers are:
A:Do physical exercises.
B:Study or surf the Internet.
C:Watch TV.
D:Go out with friends.Charlie was always happy. He liked helping others and people asked him for help when they were in trouble. He even got the name"Happy Charlie".
One day, a boy called Waterworks came to the town on holiday. No matter what Charlie said to him, Waterworks would always find some reason to be sad-- My parents didn't buy me that toy; I can't watch TV; I don't like to go to school...... Everything seemed so sad to Waterworks. He was always sad. But Charlie didn't care and kept spending more time with Waterworks , trying to make him happy.
Then, one day, they went out together. When Charlie was saying something, someone dropped a pie from a window and it leaned right on his head. He got such a sudden fear that couldn't say a word. The two boys were speechless. During those moments of silence, Waterworks missed Charlie's happy words so much that he finally said:"Wow,Charlie. That's a nice disguise."
And, after saying those words, Waterworks felt so good and he realized that he was used to his friend's enthusiasm. And came to the town.
The question is: What do you know about Waterworks?
The possible answers are:
A:He didn't care about his friends too much.
B:He became a happy boy because of Charlie
C:He was influenced greatly by his parents.
D:He used to be a boy who liked helping others.Here is a photo of my family. These are my parents, Jack Ken and Mary Ken. My father is a teacher and my mother is a nurse . This is my brother David and this is my sister Jane. And the little girl is me .I have  a happy family. I love my family.
The question is: There are   _   people in my family.
The possible answers are:
A:2
B:3
C:4
D:5If you have time, if you love sunshine and swimming, why not come to Australia to have a lovely holiday? You will enjoy every minute of being here. Of course, there is still some information that you have to know before you come.
The sun
In Australia, you can see many kinds of plants and animals and many beautiful views. However, you should be careful. Our sunlight is very strong and you may get sunburn, If you want to go out, you had better wear a hat and a shirt with collar and long sleeves and don't forget to take your sunglasses and sun cream, Don't look at the sun directly.
Swimming
We have so many beautiful places to swim, beaches, lakes, rivers and _ . Most of our public beaches have lifesaving service. Yellow and red flags tell you the area that you are advised to swim in. If there are no flags or lifeguards on the beach, you'd better ask the local people before you go into the water.
Banks and money
Banks are usually open between 9:30 a.m. and 4:00 p.m. on Monday to Thursday and 9:30 a.m. to 5:00 p.m. on Friday. Travellers can change money at all the banks and some of the larger hotels.
.
The question is: What does the underline word "creeks" mean?
The possible answers are:
A:Clothes that you can wear to swim.
B:Streams that you can swim in.
C:Boats that you can take to swim.
D:Food that you can eat before you swim.Jack is an 11-year-old boy. One day he was playing with a ball. The ball went into the street, and Jack ran for the ball. A car hit him.
Jack's parents took him to the hospital. The doctors told them, "Jack's head is hurt. Maybe he will wake up very soon. Maybe he will never wake up."
Every day Jack's parents went to see him and talked to him. But Jack never talked to them. He just slept.
One day Jack's father said, "Wake up, Jack. Let's go home and play with Cody." Cody is Jack's dog. When Jack's father said "Cody", Jack moved his arm. Then Jack's parents had an idea. They told the nurse, "We want to bring Jack's dog to the hospital. Is it OK?" "A dog in the hospital?" the nurse said. "That's very unusual. But. yes, it's OK."
The next day, Jack's parents brought Cody to the hospital. When they put the dog on Jack's bed, Jack opened his eyes. Jack's parents brought Cody to the hospital every day. Cody jumped on Jack's bed and touched Jack's arm. Jack said his first words, "Bad dog!"
After seven weeks Jack was well. He left the hospital and went home with Cody.
The question is: How long did Jack stay in hospital?
The possible answers are:
A:Seven days.
B:Seven weeks.
C:Seven months.
D:seven hoursDo you think hard work can make anything possible? If you don't, you may want to read the book We Can Do written by Moshe Kai Cavalin. It might change your mind.
Moshe Kai Cavalin is a 14-year-old American boy. He is about to graduate from UCLA (University of California at Los Angeles) this year. Before that, he had already gotten a degree   from East Los Angeles Community College in 2009.
Recently, Cavalin published   the book We Can Do. In this book, he talks about how to achieve things we want, by keeping yourself focused   and trying your best to do everything. He says this doesn't need genius  , just hard work.
Cavalin says being called a genius "has always bothered   me... People need to know they don't have to be geniuses; they just need to work hard and they can achieve anything. If I can reach the stars, others can reach the Milky Way(,)."
The idea of writing a book came from a teacher named Richard Avila at his first college. Cavalin says Avila inspired   him to write a book to explain how he succeeded, so he could inspire other people.
It took Cavalin four years to finish the book. Because his mother is Chinese, she wanted to publish the book in Chinese. So Cavalin translated the book into Chinese by himself. The book did well in Taiwan, Singapore and Malaysia.
The question is: Did Calvalin translate the book into Chinese with the help of his mother?
The possible answers are:
A:Yes, he did.
B:No, he didn't.
C:Yes, he didn't.
D:No, he did.This is a heart-warming story. It tells about a woman who finally decided to ask her boss for a raise in salary . All day she felt nervous. Late in the afternoon she summoned  the courage to approach her boss. To her delight, the boss agreed to a raise. She was so delighted.
The woman arrived home happily that evening. To her surprise, she found a beautiful table set with their best dishes. Candles were softly glowing. Her husband had come home early and prepared a festive meal. She wondered if someone from the office had told him about it, or... did he just got the news by accident.
She found him in the kitchen and told him the good news. They hugged and kissed, then sat down to the wonderful meal. Next to her plate the woman found a beautifully card with some words. It read, "Congratulations, darling! I knew you'd get the raise! These things will tell you how much I love you."
Following the supper, her husband went into the kitchen to clean up. She noticed that a second card had fallen from his pocket. She picked it up from the floor, she read, "Don't worry about not getting the raise! You are the best anyway! These things will tell you how much I love you."
According to the Nobel Peace Prize, Mother Teresa said, "What can you do to promote   world peace? Go home and love your family."
,,. (1,5)
The question is: What can we learn from the second card?
The possible answers are:
A:The husband knew his wife couldn't get the raise.
B:The husband didn't believe his wife.
C:The husband loved his wife no matter what happened.
D:The husband believed his wife could get the raise.October 7th
Dear Liu Qi.
I'm writing to tell you that the students of our school are planning to go for a school trip to Beijing near the end of this month, from October 20thto 27th. I'd like to invite you to come and join us. I remember you told me that you liked travelling. We'll visit many places of interest. Such as the Great Wall, the Palace Museum and the Summer Palace. If it doesn't rain, we'' also go camping at the foot of the Great Wall. We'll stay at the Beijing Holidday Village. During these days, we'll have parties. At the parties, the students will sing, dance and play games together. Would you please write back to let me know if you come? We need to buy the train tickets ahead of time .
I'm looking forward to hearing from you soon.
Yours,
Lin Yun
The question is: Which of the following WON'T the students do at the parties.?     _
The possible answers are:
A:Play games
B:Play football
C:Sing
D:Dance.A farmer was put in prison . One day, he got a letter from his wife.
"I am worried about our farm," she wrote. "It's time to plant potatoes, but I can't do all the digging  by myself."
The farmer thought over and then had an idea. He wrote to his wife, "Don't dig the fields. This is where my gold  is. Don't plant potatoes until I come home."
A few days later, the farmer got another letter from his wife. It said, "Two days ago, about ten prison guards  came to our fields. It looked as if they were looking for something. They have dug our field."
The farmer wrote to his wife at once. "Now you can plant our potatoes," he wrote.
The question is: The farmer's wife was much worried about   _    .
The possible answers are:
A:her husband
B:their farm
C:planting potatoes
D:herselfThe earth is changing. Tomorrow it will be different. All the living things on the earth are changing. Even people are changing, and tomorrow you will be different.
There are many kinds of change, and many different things than cause change. People need to realize the changes, to learn to see them, and to learn what causes change.
Human beings must solve many problems so that they can continue to live successfully. War is one of these problems. Disease and natural _ are problems. Having enough food and energy for the growing number of people in the world is a problem. Most problems can be solved, but some are impossible to solve. The way in which people solve problems affects how long and how well they can live.
As people solve their problems, they change things, and changes often cause new problems for people and for other living things on the earth. Sometimes the new problems seem even worse than the old ones. Human beings will probably never stop having problems to solve. Can you use your imagination to describe a world that has no problems at all ?
The question is: Which of the following if wrong according to the passage ?
The possible answers are:
A:Disaster and war are two of the problems people have to solve.
B:People need to solve all the problems at the same time.
C:The way people solve problems has much to do with their life.
D:People can't solve all the problem at one time.Sam was an English student. He always stayed at home for his holidays. But last winter he thought, "I have never left the country. All my friends have been to Spain. They like it very much. So this year I'm going there for my holiday."
First he went to Madrid and stayed in a small hotel for a few days. One morning he went out for a walk. In his country people drive on the left, but in Spain they drive on the right. Sam forgot about this, and while he came to a busy street, a bike knocked   him down.
Sam lay on the ground for a few seconds and then he sat up and said, "Where am I?"
An old man was selling maps at the side of the street. He quickly came to Sam and said, "Maps of the city, sir?"
The question is: When Sam sat up and said, "Where am I?" the old man thought  _
The possible answers are:
A:he was badly hurt
B:he wanted to buy a map
C:he lost his way
D:he needed some helpRick is a good man.He makes birthday cakes in a shop.His cakes are great and have very good prices,so many people buy his cakes.He makes friends with lots of his customers .They all like him very much.One evening.he wants to go home,but many of his old customers come in.Rick smiles to them,"I am sorry.It is late today.If you need cakes,please come tomorrow."One of them takes out a nice cake and says to him,"You make so many great cakes for us.This birthday cake is for you.Happy birthday, Rick."
The question is: One evening, the customers come to Rick's shop because  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:they want to buy cakes
B:it is Rick's birthday that day
C:Rick asks them to come
D:they come for a partyThis boy is Peter Brown . His first name is Peter . His last name is Brown . He is in No.3 Middle School . His school ID card number is 279-4856 . His English teacher is Miss White . Miss White is a good teacher . Jack is his good friend at school . They are in the same school and the same grade . Mrs. Green is Jack's mother . She is an English teacher , too . She is in this school , too . But Peter does not know it .
The question is: _   is right .
The possible answers are:
A:Mrs. Green isn't Jack's parent .
B:Peter and Jack are good friends .
C:Mrs. Green is a Chinese teacher .
D:Peter knows Jack is Mrs. Green's sonIf you want to find out a piece of information about anything , the best place to search for it is Wikepedia. This online encyclopedia is written by thousands of people around the world. Anyone can add or change the information if he or she finds it not correct or not well written. In this way, people who know a lot about a certain subject can write about it even if they are not university professors.
What is more, Wikepedia includes articles written in about 235 languages. This fact makes it one of the few websites  on the Internet that are truly international. It was started in 2001 by Larry Sanger and Jimmy Wales, as a free online English-language encyclopedia project. By April 2008, over 10 million articles had been put on Wikipedia. A quarter of the articles are in English. Wikipedia is also a place where people can find the latest news.
However, Wikipedia has its own problems. There have been many complaints that some of the information on Wikipedia is not accurate and some important subjects are not included. This has led to arguments between the writers of articles. The people running Wikipedia say that the accuracy of the information is improving and that it is one of the top 20 visited websites on the Internet.
So, if you are looking for some information, why not try Wikipedia?
The question is: Besides information about different subjects, people can also  _   on Wikipedia.
The possible answers are:
A:watch interesting movies
B:send e-mail to friends
C:read about the latest news
D:play exciting gamesOne day Mrs Wilson took Trudy and Ben to go shopping. They went to the supermarket in the new shopping mall . "Why do you buy things here, Mum?" Trudy asked.  "Because they are cheaper than those at the corner store," Mrs Wilson said. "Help me check  the prices." The Wilsons were not wealthy  and Mrs Wilson was always careful with her money. She looked carefully at the prices of things. She bought some groceries  in the supermarket. When they got home, the children said, "We don't think you saved  money by going to the supermarket there." "Of course I did," said Mrs Wilson, "everything was cheap there." "We know," said the children, "but we came home by taxi  because we had too much to carry. The cost  of the taxi was more than the money you saved!" Mrs Wilson added  everything up and found her children were right. "Well done,"she said, "next time we will do shopping near our home."
The question is: Mrs Wilson decided to go shopping   _  next time.
The possible answers are:
A:in the shopping mall far away
B:in the cheapest shop
C:in the most expensive shop
D:near her homeForget about Super Junior. We now have TFBOYS. TFBOYS is a popular Chinese boy band made up of three members. They are Wang Junkai, 14, Wang Yuan, 13, and Yi Yangqianxi, 13. The boys are all junior middle school students. The band name TFBOYS means The Fighting Boys.
TFBOYS started in 2013, but has become popular in just one year. Fans love their sweet looks and cute voices. Their songs are full of positive energy. In their latest single Magic Castle(<>), they call on teenagers to not be afraid of dreaming big.
The three boys are all top students in school. Wang Junkai, the eldest, has recently taken the senior middle entrance exam . We hope he's done well.
The question is: The band has become popular because  _  ?
The possible answers are:
A:Fans love their sweet voices
B:Fans love their cute looks.
C:Their songs are full of positive energy.
D:All the aboveHi Jane,
I hope you and your family are all well. I'm e-mailing you to tell you about my new hobby, surfing.
My brother, Peter, is at home from college for the summer holiday. He is very good at surfing. We go to the beach every day and Peter teaches me to surf. I don't do well in it but it's fun. Most days we bring a picnic and stay on the beach all day. Surfing is a good exercise and an interesting way to get a suntan ! All my friends think it's a great new hobby.
Bye for now.
Love,
Rose
The question is: Who is the e-mail from?
The possible answers are:
A:Jane
B:Rose
C:Peter
D:LoveMo Yan,the winner of 2012 Nobble Prize for Literature ,is very popular around the world. He is famous as one of the greatest writers in china.
Mo Yan is fifty-nine years old in 2015,and his real name is Guan Moyue.The name of Mo Yan means"Don't speak".The writer said close the name to remember to close his mouth from getting himself in trouble. Mo Yan began to write in 1970s, and his first novel was"Falling rain on a Spring Night ",published  in 1981.Then his second and more books were published.including "Red Sorghum"and "Big Breast and Wide Hips."
CCTV reporter Dong Qian once said to him,"I always feel that a writer is like a hen,and his works are like eggs. We may not always wonder what the hen looks like while we eat eggs. But this time, it's a golden egg. So naturally, everybody wants to know this hen who laid a golden egg. That's why so many people pay much attention to you ."
China was celebrating the success of this native son soon after he got the Prize, millions of Chinese expressed pleasure and pride for Mo Yan in their own ways.
The question is: How old was Mo Yan when he got the Noble Prize for Literature?
The possible answers are:
A:56.
B:57.
C:58.
D:59.A king often felt unhappy and he asked a clever old man how he could be happy. "That's very easy," said the old man. "You just need to put on a happy man's shirt and you'll be happy."
The king believed the old man and began to look for a happy man. He visited many countries and met kings, professors  and others. But they all said they were not happy.
One day he saw a poor farmer working in the field. The farmer was singing all the time and looked very happy. The king came up to him and asked, "Are you happy, my good man?"
"Yes, quite happy," the farmer answered.
"Can you sell me your shirt?" asked the king.
"My shirt?" the farmer answered in surprise. "But I don't have a shirt. In fact, I never have one."
,.
The question is: The king  _  the clever old man's words.
The possible answers are:
A:believed
B:didn't believe
C:didn't agree to
D:was angry withNora is an American girl. She studies in a middle school. She has a little sister. Her name is Kate. Kate is only four. Nora likes Kate very much.
Today is Sunday. Nora wants her pen. She takes out her pencil case. "Oh, dear! Where's my pen?" She can't find her pen. She goes to ask her sister in her bedroom.
"Kate! I can't find my pen. Can you see......Oh, what are you doing with   my pen?"
"I'm writing to my friend, Betty." Kate answers. "But how can you? You don't know what to write."."It doesn't matter  . Betty can't read." Kate says.
The question is: Which is not right?    _
The possible answers are:
A:Nora finds her pen in Kate's room.
B:Kate can't write.
C:Kate is writing with her sister's pen.
D:Betty is in Kate's bedroom.A recent survey showed that only 9 percent of teens in the United States smoke cigarettes.That's down from 23 percent in 2000.While this is good news for the US's overall health, tobacco use is still a problem.
Cigarettes can cause many diseases, such as cancer ,lung cliscases and heart problems.Although they know about the health problems, teenagers still smoke.So the _ of the US Anti-smoking Organization is working to end teenage smoking.Their latest activity uses social media  to remind teenagers of the dangers of smoking.And the activity also encourages teens to learn the facts and become the generation that ends smoking.
However, anti-smoking campaigns may have a new problem to worry about.According to a 2013 report, the use of electronic cigarettes is on the rise.American high school students who reported having used an electronic cigarette rose from 4.7 percent in 2011 to 10 percent in 2012.The increased use of e-cigarettes by teens is deeply troubling.It may become lifelong addictied .Besides, we still don't yet understand the long-term effects of e-cigarettes.
,. (2,10)
The question is: What do we know about e-cigarettes?
The possible answers are:
A:E-cigarettes are becoming popular among teenagers.
B:School students like e-cigarettes more than adults do.
C:People won't let addicted to e-cigarettes.
D:E-cigarettes have bad effects on people's health.Life in Britain today
Food
British people like good food, and more than half of them go to a restaurant every month. Fast food is also very popular---30% of all adults have a burger every three months, but 46% have fish and chips!
Sports
British people don't do a lot of sport. Only 17% of people go swimming every week. 9% go cycling and 8% play golf. Only 6% people play football (but 32% go to watch it).
Cinema and TV
Films are very popular in Britain, and about 60% of people between 15 and 24 go to the cinema every month. At home, men watch TV for about three hours every day--half an hour more than women.
Holidays
British people love going on holidays. Most of these holidays aren't in the UK---27% are in Spain, 10% are in the U.S, and 9% are in France. Maybe this is because the weather in Britain is terrible!
The question is: . 17% of British people   _   every week.
The possible answers are:
A:go swimming
B:play golf
C:play football
D:go cyclingAn American architect   was visiting London.He wanted to see all the famous buildings there so he stopped a taxi and asked the driver to take him to all the old and famous buildings in London.
The driver drove him to the Tower of London.
"This is the Tower of London.It was a prison   in the old days," he said.
"It is so small.In America we could build this in a day." said the American.
The taxi driver took the American to Westminster Abbey.He said,
"This is a famous church.Kings and queens  get married here.
The American looked at the old building and said,
"Huh... we could build this in two days."
The driver decided to take the American to a bigger church so he drove him to St Paul's Cathedral.He stopped outside the church and said,
"This is the most famous church in England.The great architect Christopher Wren built this church."
The American got out of the taxi and looked at the church.
"Huh.We could build this church in three days," he said.
Next the driver took the American to the House of Parliament.
"This is where British politicians   meet..."
"Huh." The American said, "We could build this in four days."
The driver said nothing and drove past Buckingham Palace, the home of Queen Elizabeth.As the taxi passed the palace, the American said,
"Hey! What is this building? I have never seen such a beautiful one."
The taxi driver looked at the palace and said,
"I don't know.It wasn't there this morning."
The question is: How many old and famous buildings in London are mentioned   in the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:Two
B:Three
C:Four
D:FiveAll students need to have good habits :When you have good study habits, you learn things quickly. You also remember them easily.
Do you like to study in the living room? This is not a good place because it is usually too noisy. The telephone bell rings there; the TV is there, and sometimes it is a good place for your pet dog or cats to play and rest. You need to study in a quiet place, like your bedroom. A quiet place will help you only think about one thing, and you will learn better.
Before you begin to study, do not forget to clean your desk. A good desk light is important, too. You'll feel tired easily if there is not enough light . So you should have a clean and bright lamp. To tell you the truth, the most important is that you should put your heart into your study.
The question is: The living-room is not a good place for study because it is too  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:quiet
B:noisy
C:good
D:cleanMany children like to watch TV. It's very interesting. The programs on TV tell us many things about the country and a lot of news about the world, Judy watches TV on Sundays. There is an English program getting to know America. It's her favorite program. It tells about the life of America, such as buildings, traffic, food, houses, movie stars. Why does she love the program? Because she likes English. She likes English best of all the subjects. When she is watching the program, she can remember every word she sees on TV. That helps a lot, because she learns many new words, English really interests her . She likes learning English. On weekdays, she doesn't watch TV, but reads English story books every night before she goes to bed. She can learn a lot from the TV program and the story books.
The question is: Which one is TRUE ?
The possible answers are:
A:Judy learns English at school and home.
B:Judy watches her favorite TV program on Sundays.
C:Judy reads English books every day.
D:Judy likes English a little.There are seven days in a week. They are Sunday, Monday, Tuesday,Wednesday, Thursday, Friday and Saturday. Most  children go toschool from Monday to Friday. Most people don't work on Saturday orSunday and most shops are closed in England on Saturday and Sunday.
But in China shops are open every day. Sunday is always a holiday.Some people go to church  on that day. The time between Fridayevening and Monday morning is the weekend. It is time for rest. Wedon't work all the time. We have to rest from time to time. We rest overthe weekend.
The question is: Most children don't go to school on   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:Saturday
B:Monday
C:Wednesday
D:TuesdayYou've probably seen it before-two elderly people walking hand in hand down the street and looking very much like each other. They look so much alike that they could be brother and sister.
Do you believe that people who live together for many years would look alike? It's strange. but scientists say it's true.
How scientists proved it? In a study, scientists found young couples only showed similarity by chance. However, elder couples were very likely to look like each other. The similarity could be very subtle  and could be found in wrinkles  or furrows, etc. Besides, some couples look far more alike than other couples.
The scientists thought of several possible reasons:
1. Diet. "We are what we eat." As couples usually share the same diet, will they probably look alike? For example, if both partners eat a high fat diet, their faces will tend to look fat. However, the scientists ruled this out  using another small study.
2. Environment. Will elderly couples show similarity because they live together in the same area for a long time? The environmental factors  such as sunshine and wind affect the skin in similar ways. The scientists ruled this possibility out as well.
3. Empathy . This is the theory  the scientists believe in. Couples grow to look similar because they are empathizing with each other. They copy each other's facial expressions. For example, if one partner often smiles in a certain way, the other is likely to copy it. In this way, their faces share similar wrinkles and furrows.
The question is: The old couples look   _   than the young couples.
The possible answers are:
A:much more alike
B:more different
C:less alike
D:1ess differentDid you see snow in your hometown last winter? Did you feel it was warmer than before?
"There have been 21 warm winters in China since 1986," said scientists. They also said that in the past 100 years, as the global   temperatures went up by 0.74 degC , the temperature in North China has climbed 1.4 degC in only 50 years.
China needs to take quick action to cut carbon dioxide emission  
because it's the main reason for global warming. The good news is that China has seen the importance of going green. China set the goal of cutting energy use by 20% and pollution emission by 10% in the 11th Five-Year Plan.
Can you slow down global warming? Sure! You and your family can take steps to cut the amount of carbon dioxide that is sent out into the air.
Here are some pieces of advice to help you save the earth..
Wear used clothes. Wearing your brother's, sister's or dad's old T-shirt means you save the energy.
Change your light bulbs  . Use energy-saving light bulbs. And don't forget to turn off the lights when you leave a room and turn off your television and computer when they are not in use!
Ride the bus. Taking a bus saves a lot of oil every year.
Say no to plastic bags. The next time your parents go to the market, ask them to use baskets
Open a window. Don't use the air conditioner, and let some fresh air in. When you have to use the conditioner, set the temperature higher in the summer and lower in the winter to save energy.
Make small changes in your daily life. Don't use paper cups, bags and boxes.
It's time for all of us to do something to save the earth.
The question is: The passage is mainly about the ways to   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:slow down global warming
B:make energy
C:change our daily life
D:change the world weatherIf you go to Egypt, you'll see a lot of pyramids. The biggest of all is the Great Pyramid. It is about 137 meters high and made of 2,300,000 big stones. Each stone weighs about two and a half tons .The biggest ones even weigh fifteen tons. It took more than 100,000 men twenty years to build it. Nobody can tell just how the men cut, carried and lifted the huge stones without our modern machines .
The Egyptian kings told the people to build the pyramids for themselves. They thought they had tombs  strong enough to keep their bodies well until they came back to life. But they never thought that about 5,000 years later their bodies would be on show in museums.
The question is: The kings thought they had the pyramids built to keep their bodies until   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:they came home
B:they became alive
C:they die
D:they were on show in museumsResearch says that husbands do not do their fair share of work around the house. A study from an American university says that men seldom do the same share of housework. Researchers interviewed 182 working couples who became first-time parents. Both husbands and wives worked almost the same number of hours in full-time jobs. However, men did five hours a week less housework than women after their baby was born.
 _ Becoming a parent added 21 hours a week to a mother's work. Most of this was looking after her baby. New fathers did not do more woke because they did not realize the mother was doing so much more. Another reason is that after a baby is born, fathers follow the "traditional" roles. That is, the mother looks after the baby and the father works outside. This happens even when the mother is working the same number of hours in her job.
The question is: Which part of a newspaper can this passage be taken from?
The possible answers are:
A:Sports
B:Medicine
C:News
D:SocietyIt is the 22ndcentury  and it is very popular to change people's bodies.
Mr. Smith decided to change his body. He changed his big nose to a small one, and his old and gray hair to short and blond hair. He also bought new green eyes, new hands, new arms, new knees and new feet. Mrs. Smith was happy because Mr. Smith's new feet didn't smell as bad as his old feet.
However, something bad happened. One morning, Mr. Smith woke up and his new nose didn't work. The next morning he couldn't hear anything. Then his new blond hair went gray, and his new knees didn't move. And finally he could see nothing with his green eyes.
It was really terrible. Mr. Smith wanted his old body back. However, he had to pay 100,000 euro  for his old body.
It was expensive but Mr. Smith still got his own body back. He would never follow the fashion.
,,(5)
The question is: What was Mr. Smith's new hair like?
The possible answers are:
A:Short and gray.
B:Long and gray.
C:Short and blond.
D:Long and blond.Once upon a time there was a wise man who used to go to the sea to do his writing. He had a habit of walking on the beach before he began his work. One day he was walking along the shore. As he looked down at the beach, he saw something moving like a dancer. He smiled to himself at the thought that someone would dance on the beach. So he began to walk faster to catch up.As he got close,he saw that it was a young man and the young man wasn't dancing,instead he was reaching down to the shore,picking up something and very gently and throwing it into the ocean. As he got closer he called out,"Good morning!What are you doing?''
The young man paused ,looked up and replied,"Throwing starfishes into the ocean."
"I guess I should have asked ,why are you throwing starfishes into the ocean?"
"The sun is up and the tide is going out.And if I don't throw them in, they will die."
"But ,young man ,don't you realize that there are miles of beach and starfishes all along it. You can't possibly make a difference!"
"The young man listened politely.Then he bent down ,picked another starfish and threw it into the sea ,and said ,It made a difference for that one."
The wise man was lost in thought when the young man kept trying. Yes, there is something very special in every one of us. We have all been gifted with the ability to make a difference. And if we can know that gift, we will gain the power to shape the future.Each of us can do something for the future,each of us must find our starfish. And if we throw our starfishes wisely and well,the world will be better.
The question is: One day, the wise man saw a young man
The possible answers are:
A:Dancing along the beach
B:Walking with a dancer
C:picking up starfish for sale
D:trying to save the starfishesAs I was leaving to meet Lynne, my roommate told me that I'd better take some money. But I didn't listen to him. I thought that Lynne would pay because she had invited me. I arrived at the restaurant exactly on time. I'd been told that Americans expect you to be on time. Lynne and I sat at a table in the corner of restaurant and a waitress came and took our order.
The dinner was a great success. I talked a lot about Saudi Arabia and Lynne told me all about herself. After two hours, the waitress finally came and asked if we wanted one check or two. Lynne said two. We went to the cashier and Lynne paid her check. I was embarrassed   when the cashier gave me my bill. I had no money to pay for my meal. Then I had an idea. I pretended to look for something in my pockets and said, "Oh! I forgot my wallet! Can I call my roommate, please?" The cashier showed me where the phone was and I quickly called my roommate. In a few minutes, he arrived with some money, but he couldn't hide how he felt. He laughed all the way home. Now, I think it's funny too, but at that time I was terribly embarrassed. I thought that an invitation to have dinner in the United States meant the same thing as that in China. I guess you have to understand that your customs are only your customs. When you visit a foreign country, you have to learn about their customs, too.
The question is: The writer and Lynne   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:enjoyed their meal very much
B:didn't finish successfully their meal
C:traveled to Saudi Arabia together
D:weren't happy during the dinnerA young man went to a car shop. He was wearing rubber boots  and a dirty jacket. He needed a haircut  very much. The young man looked at an expensive car carefully and then asked the shop owner , "How much is this car?" "Nine thousand two hundred and eighteen," the owner answered. "I want sixteen of them," the young man said. The shop owner smiled coldly. He showed the door to the young man.
In another shop on the other side of the street the business was done . The young man took money out of his pocket and paid for the cars. He said the cars were for himself and his friends were. Each of them wanted to get one. He said that he and his friends were working on a fishing-boat. "We have got much money this season," the young man said, "and we want to buy cars. "
The question is: How much did the young man pay for the cars?
The possible answers are:
A:9218.
B:92180.
C:147488.
D:138270.Long long time ago,the Creator created a man and a woman,they lived together very happily for a time.But then they began to get angry with each other,and at last the woman left and started off to the Sun land in the east.
The man followed alone and felt very sad,but the woman kept on ahead and never looked behind,until the Creator,took pity on him and asked him if he was still angry with his wife.He said he was not,and the Creator then asked him if he would like to have her back again.He answered yes.
So the Creator created a patch  of the finest ripe   tomatoes along the way in front of the woman,but she passed by like seeing nothing at all.Later,he put a patch of beautiful flowers but again she refused to notice.Until suddenly she saw in front of her a patch of large ripe strawberries.They looked delicious.
She stopped to pick a few to eat,and as she ate them she turned her face to the west by accident,and at once she remembered her husband and she found herself unable to go on.She sat down,but the longer she waited,the more she missed her husband,and at last she took a lot of the best strawberries and started back along the way to give them to him.He met her kindly and they went home together.
The question is: Where can we read the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:In a science magazine.
B:In a history book.
C:In a nature magazine.
D:In a story book.Miss Evans was going to give a lecture   on Friday afternoon. But on Thursday night she was told that she had to go to an important meeting the next day at the same time. "No one can be in two places at the same time. What shall I do?" she thought. But soon, she had an idea. At five to three on Friday afternoon, Miss Evans went to the lecture room. There were twenty students waiting there for her. "I'm sorry," she told them, "I won't be able to give my lecture today." The students looked surprised. Miss Evans explained  that she had an important meeting. "However," she went on, "though I can't be with you myself, my voice can." Then she put a small tape recorder   on the desk, "You see, I've recorded my lecture and you can listen to it without me." Miss Evans turned on the recorder and left.
The meeting ended a little early. Miss Evans decided to go back to her students. She stood for a moment outside the lecture room, listening to her own voice. Then quickly, she opened the door. To her surprise, the room was empty. As she looked around, she saw a number of small recorders "listening" to her lecture!
"Well," she thought, "If I can be in two places at the same time, why can't they?"
The question is: Miss Evans recorded her lecture so that  _  while she was away.
The possible answers are:
A:the students could listen to it
B:she could listen to her own voice
C:her voice could be with her
D:the students could do the sameDear Amy,
I couldn't read your two e-mails until today because my computer was broken. I'm so sorry to hear about your problem, but I'm glad you're feeling better and are recovering . I'm surprised that in China someone's liver  matched  yours! This is really a moving story--a stranger donated part of his liver to _ he doesn't even know!
You're right. We shouldn't care too much about our weight. I'm happy you stopped taking medicine to lose weight. From your photo I can see you are now looking very well in the hospital. To keep slim  is important, especially for an actress, but nothing is more important than health. Your doctor's advice is really very good--exercise for at least half an hour every day and eat lots of fruit and vegetables.
It's not only in your country. It's the same here with us Chinese--many people are always taking medicine to lose weight. That is often dangerous. But in fact, some of them are not overweight  at all. I hope these people can learn something from your story. Hope you will leave hospital as soon as possible.
Love
xxx
The question is: What does Amy do?
The possible answers are:
A:An actor.
B:A stranger.
C:An actress.
D:A doctor.The advantages of Eating Fruits & Vegetables
Vegetables and fruit are good for your health because of a lot of vitamins, nutrients  and fiber in them. Fruits and vegetables are regarded as a healthy diet without adding chemicals or additives  for carrying or storing foods. The United States Department of Agriculture suggests eating plenty of fruits and vegetables every day to get the advantages of eating a healthy diet.
Disease Prevention
The United States Department of Agriculture tells that eating fruits and vegetables helps fight strokes, cardiovascular disease and type 2 diabetes. Because of the potassium in fruits and vegetables, they can prevent the risk of developing kidney stones. The fiber in fruits and vegetables helps the body fight against coronary heart disease.
Idea Health
Since fruits and vegetables add to a balanced and healthy diet, eating these will help you with your idea. The vitamins in fruits and vegetables helps fight depress , according to the Mental Health Foundation. Vitamin B and folic acid found in some vegetables and bananas help you to relax. Eating fruits and vegetables can also help improve memory.
Healthy Weight
Eating fruits and vegetables helps you have a healthy weight. Fruits and vegetables naturally include less energy than other foods, according to the Center for Disease Control and Prevention. The fiber and water in the fruits and vegetables make you feel that you are full, so you will not feel that you have to eat more food.
The question is: The United States Department of Agriculture suggests that  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:eating plenty of fruits and vegetables every day instead of having food.
B:eating plenty of fruits and vegetables is good for helping fight disease.
C:eating some vegetables and bananas help you to relax.
D:eating fruits and vegetables helps you have a healthy weight.My Favourite Sweater
by Bonnie Highsmith Taylor
My favourite sweater grew too small.
I love that sweater best of all.
My grandma made it when I was three.
She made that sweater just for me.
I picked the yarn , a special blue.
The color of bluebells, wet with dew 
When I was three I was very small
But now I'm five and much too tall
I have a new jacket now that's green
So I gave my sweater to our cat Queen.
Queen just had _ out in the shed  
My favourite sweater is now their bed.
The question is: What color is the girl's new jacket?
The possible answers are:
A:green
B:blue
C:red
D:purpleIf you are visiting England, you will notice that English have many customs and traditions that are different from those in China.
This guide provides help for anyone visiting England for the first time.
Standing in the queue
English people like to form queue.They think it is the fair way to behave.People wait in a queue in shops and at bus stops.People will think you are very rude if you don't join the queue.
Please, Thank You, Excuse Me and Sorry
It is good manners to say "please" and "thank you".If someone is in your way and you would like them to move, say "excuse me" and they will move.If you bump into someone or you are in their way say "sorry".They will probably say "sorry", too, even if it was your mistake.Saying "sorry" does not always mean you think you were wrong.Someone it is just a polite thing to say.
Meeting a new person
When people meet for the first time, the usual custom is to shake hands.The next time you meet that person, you can just say hello.English people don't usually hug or kiss unless they know each other really well.
Talking to people
English people find it difficult to start conversations with strangers.They like to be private so if they are on buses or trains, they usually sit as far away from other people as possible.If you want to start a conversation, the topic that English people are always happy to talk about is the weather.So you need to be able to say "Isn't it warm (sunny/windy/wet/foggy) today?" or "Do you think it's going to rain/clear up?" This is much better than asking about politics, religion or how much people earn!
The question is: English people will think you are rude if you   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:don't the know customs
B:say "thank you"
C:talk to a new person
D:don't join the queueMr.Brown was traveling by train.He was very hungry.The train stopped at a small station.He wanted to buy some cakes to eat very much.But it rained hard.So he wanted someone to help him.Then a little boy came here.Mr.Brown asked him to buy cakes for him.He gave the little boy some money and said,"Go and buy two cakes with the money.One cake is for me,and the other is for you."
The little boy was happy and ran to buy cakes in the rain.A few minutes later the boy came back.He said to Mr.Brown,"I'm very sorry,sir.I eat the last cake.It's fifty fen.And it's very delicious.Thank you very much.Here is your fifty fen."
The question is: How much money did Mr.Brown give to the boy?
The possible answers are:
A:One yuan.
B:Two yuan.
C:Fifty fen.
D:Fifty yuan.Soon computers and other machines will be able to remember you by looking at your eyes! The programme works because everyone's eyes are different. So in the future you won't have to remember a number when you want to use a machine or take money out of a bank. You'll just have to look at the machine and it will be able to tell who you are. The eye-recognition  programme is tested in shops and banks in the USA, Britain and Italy.
Scientists are working on other systems, such as knowing you from the shape of your face or hand or even your smell! And machines can already tell who you are from your voice or your fingerprint . But eye-recognition will replace other ways of finding out who you are. It is better, because your eyes don't change as you get older, or get dirty like hands or fingers. And even twins have different eyes, so the programme can be up to 94% correct, depending on how good the technology is. In Britain, it was found that 91% of people said that they liked the idea of eye-recognition.
,.
The question is: What problems could there be with the eye-recognition programme?
The possible answers are:
A:Some eyes are the same.
B:Eyes can change.
C:It is not always correct.
D:Eyes can get dirty.People like to read or listen to stories, especially children. After reading, some children wish to be writers some day. They want to write stories or books for people to read. That's good! It's good to write something for people to read! But they should know that they need to be good readers first before they are really good writers. They should read a lot of books. Instead of  watching TV and spending a lot of time playing games when they are free. There is more fun in reading. After you read some good books, you may want to look for more books to read. Before you decide to be a good writer, you should say to yourself. "I must read more and more to become better and better at writing!"
The question is: What can reading do for us if we do much of it ?
The possible answers are:
A:It can help us to be a good player.
B:It can help us write well in the future.
C:It can help make us work better
D:It can make us watch more TV at home.Only children are happier than those with brothers or sisters, according to a new research which shows _ rivalry   can have a serious effect on a child's emotion.
Over half of the children surveyed said they had been bullied by a sibling, and one in three said they had been hit,kicked or pushed by a sibling, others complained of name-calling and having their belongings stolen.
Other reasons for only children being much happier include not having to compete for parents' attention or share bedrooms with a sibling, said Gundi Knies, a researcher on the project.
Dr. Ruth Koppard, a child psychologist, said, "In an average home, the more children, the less privacy for each child. Some love sharing a bedroom with a sibling but they would rather choose to do it than have to do it".
Homes with just one child make up nearly half of all families in Britain.
The study, to be published on Friday, questioned 2,500 young people. It also found that seven out of 10 teenagers are "very satisfied" with their lives.
The question is: Dr Ruth Koppard is a   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:researcher
B:teacher
C:child psychologist
D:doctorThese simple ways can increase your popularity and win you more friends,so why not try them?
*PAYING ATTENTION TO OTHERS This will reduce any shyness you may have. You'll be more relaxed and therefore more natural and fun. And you will get more good-people will love the fact that you're paying attention to them while you don't have to worry about what people think of you.
*LOOKING PEOPLE IN THE EYE Making eye contact is very important because it shows you're interested in them. If you let your eyes wander or keep looking over their shoulders,people will feel slighted ,and they'll like you less they would otherwise.
*ASKING QUESTIONS Doing this gives you two advantages,It shows other people that you are indeed paying attention to and that you consider what they are telling you important. Being sure to follow up when you've shared a conversation with someone about something important in his / her life,be sure to ask about it later. This shows that you listen and you care.
*MAKING AN EFFORT TO SMILE A smile means acceptance,and that makes people open up to you. Make a conscious effort one day to smile at the people you stay or work with and watch how well they respond  to you;
*BEING RELIABLE People like those who help them,and they quickly begin to hate those who don't.
The question is: When having a conversation with people,you'd better NOT   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:be open up to them
B:fix your eyes on them
C:ask questions about them
D:look at themMy mother was a housewife. She thought that successful people spent a lot more time reading than watching TV. So she asked my brother and me not to watch too much TV, but to read two books every week in our free time. She would check them with marks, though she couldn't read the book at all.
When I went to high school, I was an A-student, but not for long. I wanted cool clothes and hung out with friends. I became a C-student, but I didn't care. One night I complained about not having enough Italian shirts. Then my mother gave me all the money and said I could get the money left to buy shirts if I finished buying all the things the family needed. I was pleased with that, but after I bought those things, there was no money left. I got to know how difficult it was for my mother to do all these. I went back to my studies and became an A-student again. Finally, my dream came true and I became a doctor.
My story is really my mother's story----a woman with little education greatly changed my life as a parent. So I believe there is no job more important than parenting.
The question is: The writer mainly wants to tell us that   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:mothers with little education change their children more.
B:his mother is cruel and unhelpful
C:there is a job more important than parenting.
D:his mother has an important influence on him.Some people believe that schools will no longer be necessary in the near  future.They said that because of the Internet and other new technology, there is no longer any need for school buildings, classes or teachers.Perhaps this will be true one day, but if the world has no schools, I can 't imagine  how our society will be, In fact, we should learn how to use new technology to make schools better.We should invent a new knid of school that is linked to libraries, museums, science centers, labs and even companies.Technological companies should create  learning programs for schools.Scientists or professors could give talks through the Internet.TV networks and local stations could develop programs about things students are actually studying in school.Labs could set up websites to show new technology so students could see it on the Internet.
Is this a dream? No.There are already many cities where this is beginning to happen.Here the whole city is linked to the Internet, and learning can take place at home, at school, and in the office.Businesses provide programs for the schools and the society.The schools provide computer labs for people without their own computers at home.Because everyone  can be on the Internet, older people use it as much as younger ones.And everyone can visit distant  libraries and museums as easily as nearby ones.How will this new kind of school change the usual way of learning? It is too early to be sure, but it is very exciting to think about it.Technology will change the way we learn; schools will change as well; and we will all learn something from the Internet.
The question is: On the Internet, you  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:can view the new technology
B:can see everything except new technology
C:Can learn everything
D:can do whatever you likeWe know music is very important in our daily life. Do you notice music playing at any of those places when you go somewhere? Today most stores, stations, restaurants and other places play music. You might even hear music in an office or on a farm.
Scientists believe that music influences the way people behave . They think that the sound of western classical music makes people feel richer. When a restaurant plays classical music, people spend more money on food and drinks. When the restaurant plays modern music, people spend less money. Without music, people spend less.
Scientists also believe that loud, fast music makes people eat faster. Some restaurants play fast music during their busy hours. This makes people eat faster and leave quickly. Restaurants can make more money in this way.
Some scientists think that music makes you think and learn better. They say that music helps students to be more active. It is true that people learn better when they are relaxed. And listening to music can help you relax.[
The next time you hear music somewhere, be careful. It might influence the way you do things.
,.
The question is: Which of the following can be the best title of the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:Music in restaurants
B:Good and Bad music
C:Types of music
D:Music and BehaviorTom was not old, but he did not have much hair. His wife, Grace, had thick, beautiful, black hair. They had one daughter. Her name was Jane, and she was four and a half years old. There was a photo of her father in the living-room, and a few days ago, Jane looked at it for a long time and then said to her mother, "Mummy, why had Dad got very little hair? "
Grace laughed and said, "He's got very little hair because he thinks a lot, Jane. He' s a clever man."
Jane looked at her mother's thick, black hair for a few seconds , and then she asked, "Mum, why have you got a lot of hair? "
The question is: Jane wanted to know why her mother had   _   hair,too.
The possible answers are:
A:black
B:beautiful
C:less
D:lots ofHello, boys and girls! My name is Zhang Hanyun, and my English name is Selina Zhang. Kristy Zhang's Chinese name is also Zhang Hanyun. She is a singer. But I'm a clerk  at Mr. Cool's Clothes Store.
We have shorts in black and white for $3. We have shirts in blue, black and white. The blue shirts are $7. The black shirts are also $7. The white shirts are on sale for $4. For boys, we have white socks. A pair of white socks is only $1. We only have black shoes. We sell black shoes for only $18. Come and see for yourself at Mr. Cool's Clothes Store.
The question is: Two white shirts and a pair of white socks are   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:$6
B:$8
C:$9
D:$14"You don't have to be great to get started, but you have to get started to be great." I believe it is a normal thought in today's society to just let life happen to us. I also believe that we sometimes destroy our well-planned thoughts about success because it's easier to just continue as usual rather than "try" with the possible failure in mind.
Most people never get moving because they don't know what they want. Without a certain result already set in your mind, it's really difficult to get going, and even if you do, your attention may soon disappear and you give up before too long.
Why not consider what's really important in your life? Write down what excites you, what would truly make you happy and what problems you have. At the end of the week, take a careful look at the notes you've taken .You'll soon begin to see a clearer picture of what direction you should be going towards.
Knowledge is useless without action. You read many books but your life will stay the same if you don't use the knowledge. Knowledge is fantastic but it will not change your life until it is used. I love to read personal development material to keep a positive attitude towards my life , but I also realize that if I don't set goals to achieve, then I will always be a talk the talk person who is great at giving advice but useless at realizing it .If you have no plans of practicing what you say, then it may be best to keep your mouth closed.
Do you want know who you are? Don't ask, Act! Action will explain you. Whatever excuses we have for not living up to our talent, the fact is that time will always move forward. Be whatever you want to be and whatever you can be. Always remember the only limits we have are the ones we create for ourselves. Life is not what we think. It is what we experience when we behave according to the thoughts we have.
The question is: What is the best title for the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:See a Clear Picture of Life
B:Taking Actions Leads to Success
C:Set Your Goals to Achieve
D:Actions Speak Louder than WordsIt's nine o'clock in the evening. The family are all at home. Jim's father is sitting in a chair. He's watching TV. Jim's mother is standing near the window. She's giving some food to a bird. Polly says,"Thanks ! Thanks!" Where's Jim ? Oh, he's behind the door. Kate, Jim's sister, is looking for him. They are playing games. They have no homework on Sunday evening.
The question is: What's Kate doing ?
The possible answers are:
A:She's doing her homework.
B:She's standing near the window.
C:She's looking for a pen.
D:She's playing games.My parents taught me not to waste food. My mum always found ways to make leftovers  taste good. I went to YiLan to learn about some of their special food. As I was there, I learned about the food and the history of the area. I learned that they don't waste food, either, and they use leftovers!
Many years ago, there was not enough food for everyone. People learned to cook and eat almost everything. They had to think of ways to make special dishes. One of these dishes is kao zha.It  made  with leftovers like
meat, soup, oil and fat. That might not sound very good, but it does taste good.
Today, kao zha is a special dish at big banquets  .  Another famous dish is called zao bing.
It's made with fruit, meat and other things. I really liked it! But I didn't want to eat too much.  It has a
lot of fat in it. I smelled something burning and I saw smoke, so I found another special food of the YiLan area  duck  meat. The duck meat is put in a big oven   to cook it. Smoke keeps the meat fresh.   I don't
usually eat meat, but this duck meat was delicious! It tasted sweet. YiLan is a great place with delicious food. I hope I can come back again!
The question is: What does the writer think of YiLan?
The possible answers are:
A:It's a dirty place
B:It's a great place
C:It's a dangerous place
D:It's a wonderful place.It's Sunday. There are many people in the bus. And an old man is looking here and there. He wants to find an empty seat . Then he finds one. He goes to it. A small bag is on the seat. And a young man is sitting beside it.
"Is this seat empty?" asks the old man.
"No, it's for a woman. She goes to buy some bananas." Says the young man.
"Well," says the old man, "Let me sit here please. When she comes back, I will  leave here."
The bus starts .
"She doesn't come, but her bag is here. Let me give her the bag." Then the old man throws the bag out of the bus window.
The young man jumps up and shouts, "Don't throw! It's my bag!"
The question is: The old man wants to find an empty seat   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:in the room
B:in the bus
C:beside the driver
D:in a carThe English language is different from any other language. Yet English words do not stay the same. The language is always changing. We need new words for new inventions and new ideas. Different words come into use, or older words are used in a new way.
English can change by borrowing words from other languages. Tomato was borrowed from Mexico and pajamas from Indian. The word coffee came from Turkey, and tea came from China. Now new space and science words are being borrowed from other countries, too.
New words are also made by adding two words together. Strawberry, popcorn, and grandfather are words made up of two parts.
Sometimes new words are shorter forms of older words. The word photo was made from photograph by cutting off the end of the longer word. Plane was made by cutting off the front part of airplane. Smog was made by using only the first two and last two letters from the words smoke and fog.
The names of people and products can become new words. Our sandwich was named after a man named Sandwich. Scotch Tape, Band-aid and Jello were names made up by the companies that first made the products.
,.
The question is: The passage makes you think that   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:all the words are borrowed from other languages
B:language do not stay the same all the time
C:the English words has more words than other languages
D:all the older English words are used in a new wayA famous study was done in a school by a professor from a university. At the start of the school year, the teachers were given the names of five children. They were told that these five were the most excellent students in the class. But the fact was that these students were only average,and they were not the best students at all. Well, guess what? At the end of the year, all the five average students scored among the highest in the class.
What made these average students change so much to become top students?The only difference was the change in their teachers' attitude. Because the teachers believed that these five kids were the top students,they expected more from them. And so these five average students began to believe and expect more from themselves. So they worked harder to do as well as they could.
Do you know why? If you expect the best from people, they'll usually want to give you their best. A great leader said, "Treat a person just how he appears to be on the outside, and you'll make him even worse. But treat a person like he's already a success,and you'll help make him the best he can be."
Like the true story of 7-year-old Johnny, his teacher got so angry with him that one day she said,"Johnny,you're the naughtiest boy in this class. I'm sure you'll never change." The next year Johnny had a new teacher. And on the first day of class,she met with Johnny after school and said,"Johnny, I've heard a lot about you! But do you know that I don't believe a word of it." And every day after that, this new teacher treated Johnny as if he was one of the smartest students even when Johnny did naughty things. Later on, Johnny became a school leader. Because that's the power of our belief and attitude toward children.
The question is: The five average students became top students mainly because of   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:the professor's study
B:the teachers'hard work
C:the change in the teachers
D:the change in the teachers' attitudeWhen it was getting dark, a wolf was walking along the road. Then he was surprised to see his huge shadow  under his feet.
"Wow, I didn't know I was so big!" The wolf was happy to know it.
As time went by, the sun was going down and his shadow grew bigger and bigger, so it looked like a giant.
"Oh, look at my shadow. I'm so big!" The wolf thought that he was as big as his shadow. "I'm huge and excellent. I don't need to be afraid of the lion."
From then the wolf walked with his shoulders open. He thought of himself as the king of the forest.
"Why should I fear the lion? Lion! Come out! Here is your match ."It made the lion very angry, so he went to see the wolf.
"Here I am. I heard you said you could beat me. Now I'm here. Why don't you prove it?"
The lion's sharp claw  hit the wolf's head hard. The wolf was knocked out. "Ah, help me!"
But it was too late when the wolf got to know that he wasn't as big or strong as his shadow. Unluckily, he became the lion's delicious supper.
The question is: . Why was the wolf so surprised?
The possible answers are:
A:He grew very quickly.
B:He beat the other animals in the forest.
C:He saw his huge shadow.
D:He didn't need to be afraid of the lion any more.Dictionaries say that "spring fever" is a lazy or restless feeling . People usually have the feeling on the first warm day of spring. Everyone has probably felt it at one time or another . people have talked about it for years.
Recently, scientists have taken a good look at spring fever. What they found is quite surprising.
In many places we live in , the winter months often seem dark and dreary. When spring comes late March , the world becomes colorful . The number of daylight hours grows with each passing day. According to many scientists, all the sunlight sets off chemicals in the brain  . The chemicals make our feeling change and bring on spring fever.
The question is: Scientists think that   _   cause(s) spring fever .
The possible answers are:
A:colors
B:sunlight
C:dark
D:illnessThe French spend more time sleeping and eating than anyone else among the world's rich people, according to a survey.
The average French person sleeps almost nine hours every night, more than an hour longer than the average Japanese and Korean, who sleep the least in a survey.
And while more and more French people have meals at fast food restaurants, they still spend more than two hours a day eating.
That means their meals are twice as long as those of the average Mexican, who spends just over an hour a day on food.
The Japanese spend close to two hours a day eating and drinking, placing them third behind New Zealanders. The Japanese like to spend their free time watching television or listening to the radio. This takes up 47 percent of free time in Japan.
Turks, on the other hand, spend more than a third of their free time staying with their friends.The survey showed that the difference between work and free time within certain countries is clear.
As for Italians, men have nearly 80 minutes a day of free time more than women. Much of the additional work time of Italian women is clearly cleaning the house.
The question is: How long does a Mexican spend in eating?
The possible answers are:
A:One hour
B:Two hours
C:Three hours
D:Four hoursWe go shopping   on Sunday. I often go to the supermarket   with my mother on Sunday morning. Father likes fruit very much. We buy some bananas for him. Mother likes red apples, but the apples in the supermarket are green. We don't buy  them. The strawberries are very nice. Mother likes them very much and buys some for herself . The oranges are very nice, too. Mother buys some for me. I like oranges very much.
We need some vegetables. The vegetables in the supermarket are very good. We buy some broccoli. I don't like broccoli, but my parents like it. I like carrots very much. We buy lots of carrots. After shopping, mother and I have some salad, French fries and ice cream. Then we go back home with the fruit and vegetables.
The question is: ---- Does mum buy apples?  ----  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:Yes, she does.
B:No, she doesn't.
C:She likes apples.
D:She doesn't like apples.Do you know the late leader of China, Deng Xiaoping? He was called the"chief architect of China's reform and opening-up  ". August 22 is the 110 anniversary of his birth. President Xi Jinping held an important meeting for the event on August 20 , 2014 in Beijing. Senior leaders Li Keqiang, Zhang Dejiang, Yu Zhengsheng, Liu Yunshan, Wang Qishan and Zhang Gaoli also attended the event.
Deng was born on Aug, 22, 1904 in the southwest China's Sichuan Province. He also had the name Deng Xiaosheng. His father , Deng Wenming , was a middle-level landowner . His mother died early in Deng's life. He has three brothers and three sisters. Deng's first wife , one of his schoolmates from Moscow , died when she was 24, a few days after giving birth to Deng's first child, a baby girl, who also died. His second wife left him in 1933. His third wife, Zhuo Lin, was the daughter of an industrialist in Yunnan Province. She married him in 1939 in Yan'an. They had five children:three daughters and two sons.
Deng was sent to private primary school at the age of five. In the summer of 1919, Deng Xiaoping graduated from the Chongqing School. Then he went to study and work in France in the 1920s. His father strongly supported him, the night before going to France, Deng's father took his son aside and asked him what he hoped to learn there. He repeated the words he had learned from his teachers:"To learn knowledge and truth from the West in order to save China."He joined the Communist Party of China  in 1924. In late 1927 , Deng left Moscow to return to China. He joined the army to save China. He died on February 19 , 1997.
The question is: How old was Deng when he died?
The possible answers are:
A:Eighty-three years old
B:Ninety-three years old
C:Twenty-three years old
D:Thirty-five years oldThe label, Made in China, is one that is becoming increasing popular in shopping centers all over the world.
In the United States, shoppers at Wal-Mart, the nation's largest retailer , have a wide selection of products mostly produced in China. The large amount of Chinese imports have created a large selection of goods in other countries as people begin to buy more and more products made in China. These goods are even widely available in other Asian nations, where Chinese-made goods are quite popular. Chinese _ names are also becoming more well-known outside China, such as Gree,Media and Huawei.
When Chinese Americans visit family and friends in their homeland, gifts from the U.S. are a must. But TVs and fashionable clothes aren't rare  any more, and anything 'Made in China' shouldn't be considered in any case. "When I decide to visit my family members in China, I will have a big headache. What should I buy for them? They may not all speak English, but everyone in China knows those three words," a Chinese American said. "When they see the label 'Made in China,' they will think, 'Why do you send me this?' "
The development of China has surprised the world with its growth. As a result, the other countries are beginning to try to reduce Chinese goods with the use of taxes and import restrictions . However, the development on the Chinese economy  still affects the world in many ways.
The question is: Chinese Americans find it   _  to send gifts to their friends in the homeland.
The possible answers are:
A:difficult
B:easy
C:interesting
D:surprisingOnce upon a time, there was a beautiful girl called Cinderella.Her mother died and Cinderella's father had a new wife, who only loved her two ugly daughters.A handsome prince wanted to find a wife and invited all the girls to a dance.The ugly sisters had beautiful clothes but Cinderella stayed at home in the kitchen.A fairy helped Cinderella and used magic to give her pretty clothes and a carriage  to go to the dance, but told her to leave at midnight because the magic would end by then.The prince liked Cinderella a lot and danced with her.Then the clock started ringing 12 p.m.and Cinderella ran out of the hall, leaving one glass shoe behind.
The prince wanted the lovely girl to be his wife.He walked around town with the shoe trying to find her.The ugly sisters wanted to marry the prince and tried to put the shoe on, but their feet were like elephants'.Then the prince asked Cinderella to try.The mother and ugly sisters laughed, but they stopped when the shoe went on Cinderella's foot.The prince made Cinderella his wife, and they lived happily ever after.
The question is: Cinderella stayed at home because   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:she hated dances
B:her sisters were ugly
C:she had no nice clothes
D:She didn't like the princeAn earthquake may happen at any time. It's best for us to know what to do, where to safe and who to _ during the earthquake. The following information will help you.
Remember: Prepare your personal earthquake bag. Collect these items and keep them somewhere near you. Water, food, medicine, mobile, phone, torch ,personal washing things, blanket, money.
Remember: Drop, Hide, Hold and contact. Drop to the floor and protect your head and neck with your arms. Hide yourself beside something like a table, a bed and so on. Hold the furniture so that you won't move away during the earthquake. Contact family friends to tell them where you are.
Remember: Never do these things. Stand to the close to the buildings stand under the trees or signs because it's better for you to stand in an open space. Go too close to the power lines  because you may be badly hurt by electricity.
,.
The question is: Where should we drop to protect our head and neck with our arms?
The possible answers are:
A:on the table
B:behind the door
C:on the floor
D:beside the furnitureMr. Green once worked in a big company. He was so busy that he couldn't do any reading. So he gave up his job and opened a bookshop in the center of the town. It wasn't big but all the books were nice and most people liked to buy some there. When the shop was closed, he could read at home. He knew a lot and many learned people were glad to make friends with him.
It was Sunday and it was cold outside. Mr. Green was very busy. At nine in the evening al! the buyers left but a woman was still there. She was dressed up and seemed to be waiting for somebody there. Standing by the shelves, she looked over the books one after another, and made them in a terrible mess . Mr. Green came up to her and asked, "Excuse me, madam. What can I do for you?"
"Your books are not interesting at all," said the woman, "I want a delicious one."
"That's easy," Mr. Green smiled. He brought out a cookbook and said, "Here you are, madam."
The question is: Most people liked to buy books in the shop because  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:the bookshop was in the center of the town
B:all the books were nice cookbooks
C:it was very large
D:the books there were all good for peopleCome to Murray's big sale on clothes and things  for school. They are at a very good price .
Do you like jackets? We have jackets in all colors at 25 dollars  each. Do you need bags for shopping or school? We have great bags for only 9 dollars.
For young boys and girls, we have T-shirts in red, yellow, white and black for only 20 dollars. And socks  in all colors for 2 dollars, skirts and pants for 5 dollars!
See our nice schoolbags, pencils,pens and old books--everything   for school! Come and see for yourself at Murray's shop!
,.
The question is: You want to buy a T-shirt and two skirts, how much are they?
The possible answers are:
A:$15.
B:$18.
C:$25.
D:$30.Mr. Clark was a very busy man. He always worked hard. He often forgot his family's birthdays.Yesterday afternoon, he remembered it was Mrs. Clark, his wife's birthday.  He loved his wife. He wanted to give her a gift. On his way home from his hospital he bought some nice flowers in a shop.
When Mr. Clark got home, he gave his wife the flowers and said," Happy birthday to you, dear! It's September 28thtoday. I remembered your birthday this year." Mrs. Clark laughed and said ," My birthday was the day before yesterday. But thank you all the same. Better later than never!"
The question is: Mrs. Clark   _  when she got the gift.
The possible answers are:
A:wasn't happy
B:was happy
C:was busy cooking
D:was at cookAnger is a kind of feeling. Many things can make you angry. When your teacher gives you too much homework, when your team loses an important game, when a friend borrows your favorite thing and then breaks it, you may get really angry.
Usually, your body will tell you when you are angry. For example, you breathe faster, your face turns red, and you may want to break something or hit  someone, but sometimes, you hide  your anger. For example, you may hide it in your heart. The problem is that if you do this, you may get a headache or your stomach may hurt.
In fact, it's not good to hide your anger, and it's normal for you to get angry sometimes. But anger must be let out in the right way, without hurting others or yourself.
When you get angry, you can talk about it with other people. It's helpful to talk about your anger with an adult, such as parents, a teacher, etc. When you talk about anger, those bad feelings can start to go away. Here are some other things you can do when you start to feel angry: talk to a good friend; count from 1 to 100; give someone a hug ; go for a bike ride; think about good things, etc.
Remember that how you act when you are angry can make everything better or worse. Don't let your anger
you.
The question is: _    shows that you're not angry.
The possible answers are:
A:Taking a faster breath
B:Getting a headache
C:Getting a stomachache
D:Wanting to protect someoneThere are many expressions with heart.One of them is "lose your heart to someone".When that happens,you have fallen in love.But if the person who "won your heart" does not love you,then you are sure to have a "broken heart".In your sadness,you think that the person you loved is "hard-hearted",and in fact,has a "heart of stone".
You may decide to "pour out your heart" to a friend.Telling someone about your personal problems can often make you feel better.
If your friend does not seem to understand how painful your broken heart is,you may ask her to "have a heart".You are asking your friend to show some sympathy for your situation.Your friend "has her heart in the right place" if she says she is sorry for how you feel.
If your friend says,"My heart bleeds for you",she means the opposite.She is a cold--hearted person who does not really care  about your situation.
When you are feeling afraid,"your heart is in your mouth".You  might say,for example,that your heart was in your mouth when you asked a bank to lend you some money to pay for a new house.
If that bank says no to you,do not "lose heart".Be "strong-hearted".Sit down with the banker and have a "heart to heart" talk.Be open and honest about your situation.The bank may have a "change of heart" and agree to lend you the money.Then you could stop worrying  and "put your heart at rest".
The question is: If your friend has her heart in the right place,she may  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:be kind to you
B:tell us about her personal information
C:1ive a happy life
D:have a right heartMany textbooks are not written in the kind of English that we speak every day. In fact, sometimes the reading is so difficult that it almost seems like a foreign language. In a way, it is--the language of science. You should not expect to be able to read a difficult science passage the same way you read an interesting story; you should not expect to read it easily and all at once. Instead, you may have to read it several times through, catching on the meaning of difficult words, going back over difficult sentences, and finally putting the whole thing together. Do not be discourages if the whole passage don't make sense to you at first. You need to pick it apart patiently until you can understand it.
These are the steps to follow when you are reading something difficult:
1. Start to read normally until you _ a sentence that doesn't make sense to you.
2. When a sentence doesn't make sense, go back and read it again more slowly.
3. Look for any word you don't know in the sentence. Try to understand their meanings using word parts and context clues . If necessary, look them up in the dictionary.
4. Look at the next few sentences to see if they explain more about the sentence you are working on. Do not read very much farther ahead until you understand what is being said.
5. Finally, read the sentence again. Try to put it into simpler words.
6. Read through the passage once. Try to understand all the hard parts well. Then read the whole passage once more at a usual speed. This helps you to put all ides together.
The stops sound a lot harder than they are. It is really just the normal way good readers understand anything that is difficult to read. After you have done the best you can this way, you should always feel free to ask for help from your teacher, if you have one.
The question is: From the passage, we can know   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:we should look up new words before reading
B:it is sometimes difficult to read a science passage
C:the six steps are helpful in learning spoken English
D:interesting stories help readers to improve their EnglishSome children wish to be writers when they grow up. They mean that they want to write stories or books. They would be happy if many people read their stories or books some day. But I would like to tell these children that they will need to be good readers and read a lot before they become good writers. Nearly all great writers listened to others tell stories long before they started school. They also kept on reading for hours and hours for years. Even when they have become writers, they spend much of their time reading books instead of watching TV in the evening.
If you are a good reader, it won't take you long to do the reading homework your teacher ask you to do. Then you will have time to read other books for fun. You read so well that you always want to look for more books to read.
If you want to be a writer, reading is very important. When you decide to become a writer, you had better tell yourself, "I must read more and more if I really want to become a good writer."
The question is: Which is the best title  of this passage?
The possible answers are:
A:Great writers
B:How to become a writer
C:How to be a good reader
D:Books and storiesWhen I was in the second grade,my teacher gave all her students some seeds . She told us to watch the magic of the seeds once we planted them. Excitedly,I put a few seeds in my pot. I watered them for a few days and purple flowers came out.
In class,I reported back to my teacher that the magic was the purple flowers. My classmates reported back with the red,white or yellow ones. I was wondering why we didn't have green flowers. When the bell rang,we drew a conclusion" a flower garden is beautiful",and this was my first gardening experience.
Years later,one day,when we drone by Naperville downtown in a summer. Mom pointed out a big land." Look,this is the community garden land." she told me." What is a community garden land?" I asked." When people live in apartments or town homes,they don't have much land. People pay a little money to rent a piece of land from the city. They can grow anything." Why don't we rent one?" I curiously asked." We don't need to. We have a house,so we have a small piece of land."
A few years ago,an older couple moved in next door. They gave us some tomatoes from their garden. They grew the best tomatoes I had ever tasted. I asked my mom to buy some tomatoes just like our neighbors'. Mon said it was impossible to buy those tomatoes from the supermarket.
So,last year,I decided to try. I had my dad dig out a small land in the back yard of our house,put it some peat moss and mushroom compost . For the start,I only planted some tomatoes and cucumbers. Day by day,I looked after my garden and took out weeds .I was surprised to see that cucumbers actually grow on the vine,and my tomatoes had a special kind of earthly smell.
At the same time,I found myself suddenly having an interest in weather. I always wished rain to water my little garden. My brother Alex _ me." You are an old farmer now."
One day,I found some tomatoes gone in one plant. I was a little sad. Who dared to steal my ttomatoes? It was a few rabbits. When I was about to drive them away,my dad stopped me and said," Alice,the rabbits are thirsty. Let them eat as much as they want. Sharing your food is a good thing."
Later on,I found people picking a few tomatoes in my little garden and eating them with a satisfying smile. I never said a word. Instead,I felt joy in my heart. When harvest time came,I picked so many fresh cucumbers and delicious tomatoes.
In America,people grow gardens everywhere. The air is always fresh and clean because of many trees,different plants and beautiful flowers. People there learn to love our earth,and love hearing the expression" go hug a tree". Gardening needs lots of hard work and patience,but mother earth rewards us a lot.
The question is: We can learn from the passage that  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:gardening takes lots of time and effort
B:gardening gives a few rewards to humans
C:gardening helps the writer love tomatoes
D:gardening makes the writer hate rainy daysI Have to See Another Doctor
Mr. Clarke lives at the foot of the mountain. He keeps the forest for a rich farmer there. The only road to the forest is just in front of his house. He can easily see the people who want to enter the forest. Sometimes he has to be on duty at night. When he hears some sound, he has to get up to see if someone cuts the trees.
One day he bought something in the town. He found a strong dog and bought it. He loves it very much and often gives some meat or bread to it. And when a strange man walks close to his house, it barks  loudly. So he can soon know about it and goes out to find out who it is. But last week something was wrong with Mr. Clarke. He didn't feel well and couldn't fall asleep in the evening. He had to go to a hospital in the town. The doctor looked him over and then asked, "Have you got a dog, sir "
"Yes, I have got one."
"You have got a skin disease ," said the doctor. "I am sure your dog infected  it to you. You can't come in touch  with it any longer."
When he came out of the hospital, he met a friend and told him about it. The man asked, "What are you going to do, to sell your dog or to give it to another man "
"Neither," answered Mr. Clarke, "I have decided to see another doctor. It's much easier to find a doctor than to buy a good dog!"
The question is: Which of the following is true
The possible answers are:
A:Mr. Clarke thought the dog was more useful than the doctor.
B:Mr. Clarke decided to go on coming in touch with his dog.
C:Mr. Clarke wouldn't hurt his dog.
D:Mr. Clarke hoped to cure  his dog.If you want to study English well, you need to do the following things.
Joining an English club is a good idea and joining an international club (where English is in use at least some of the time) is, for many people, even better.
In order to learn English well, you should keep practicing it as much as possible. There are several good ways to help you with the English study.
First, you may take notes of any mistakes made by you, so as to get familiar with the correct usage of the English language.
Second, it's important to improve your ability, especially the ability of reading comprehension . By reading more English articles, you will build your sense of English.
Third, try to form a reciting  habit. Well-written paragraphs are worth reciting. By memorizing them, you will find that writing English articles is not so difficult.
Last but not the least, you should always use a dictionary with both Chinese and English explanations. It will tell you the differences between these two beautiful languages.
The question is: What's the best title of the article?
The possible answers are:
A:We should take notes of any mistake made by us.
B:We should read English more.
C:How to learn English well.
D:We should buy a dictionary with both Chinese and English explanations.A young boy arrives at a barber shop and the barber _ to his customer, "This is the most foolish kid in the world. Watch while I prove  it to you."
The barber puts a dollar bill in one hand and two cents in the other, then calls the boy over and asks,"Which do you want,son?"The boy takes the cents and leaves.
"What did I tell you?"says the barber."That kid never learns!"
Later,when the customer leaves, he sees the same young boy coming out of the ice cream store."Hey, son! May I ask you a question ? Why did you take the cents instead of the dollar bill?"
The boy licks his ice cream and answers,"Because the day I take the dollar, the game is over!"
The question is: The young boy takes the money to  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:give the customer
B:have a haircut
C:give his parents
D:buy an ice creamThere is one language, and people, young and old , men and women, use it very often, in every country in the world. It is everyone's second language . You can't hear it, but it is very easy to understand . It is sign ( )language.
When you wave to a friend in the street, you are using sign language. When you put up your hand in class, you are saying "Please ask me, I think I know the right answer". When a police officer wants to stop cars or buses, he puts up his hand. He's using sign language. Churchill's famous "V  for Victory "is also sign language. Sign language is useful in quite places full of noise  . Even when you are swimming with your friends , you can have a talk under water.
The question is: _  in the world use sign language.
The possible answers are:
A:Many people
B:Police officers
C:All people
D:Students and teachersHarrison School Spring Fundraisers 
From the zoo to the art museum, Harrison students look forward to spring field trips. Please take part in these school fundraisers to help make these exciting experiences possible.
Share a Harrison Recipe
What is your favorite food? Share your recipe in the Harrison community.
*Ask relatives and friends for a recipe for the school cookbook
*Bring the recipe to Mrs. Voltz in the front. Office either before or after school by February15.
*We will announce the beginning of the sale when the cookbooks arrive. Buy a cookbook for $4.50 to see your friend's recipes. Your family will surely enjoy these delicious dishes.
Try Your Luck in a Raffle 
Teddy bears, posters, games and pencils are just some of the prizes for the lucky winners.
*Buy a raffle ticket at the front office for $1.00
*The winners will be announced at the end of the day on March21.
Good luck!
Celebrate at the school Fair
Saturday, May2
10:00a.m.~3:30p.m
Join family and friends on the field behind the playground for a fun-filled day . Race down the huge slide,
Jump or test your skills at one of the many exciting games. Don't forget to stop by one of the food stands for delicious snacks and drinks. Tickets for food and rides will sell for 50 cents each.
With everyone's help , we can make the Harrison fundraisers and field trips successful !
The question is: How much is the cookbook ?
The possible answers are:
A:$ 1.00.
B:50cents.
C:30cents.
D:$4.50.Once upon a time, there was a poor fisherman in a village near the sea .He always dreamed of having a lot of money. One day ,he heard that a big ship with a lot of gold _ in the nearby water.Because of this , for a long time he often went to the sea and hoped to find the gold .
One day, he was sitting on his boat daydreaming, he suddenly  felt something heavy pulling on his fishing rod  .He thought that good luck had come to him , and he pulled hard at it . "Wow! A big, gold chain !" He said happily when he saw the thing He then began to pull at the gold chain to try to get it all into the boat, but there seemed to be no end to it. When he got the more gold chain , the more water came into his boat .
But, the fisherman did not know it .He began to dream of a big house , a big piece of land , buying horses and cows...... He kept pulling in the chain though the boat kept sinking. At last ,the boat went under the sea and the fisherman died
The question is: What did the fisherman want to get from the sea one day?
The possible answers are:
A:Some big fish
B:A big gold chain
C:A pair of shoes
D:A big ringCindy likes eating ice cream very much. She often buys ice cream in the shop and takes it home. So does her husband . One day her husband sees the ice cream and thinks, "Good! Now, I can have a delicious dessert ."
When Cindy comes home from work in the evening, the ice cream is not there and her husband says, "Oh, you see the fridge   is broken . It's not cold at all." "Really?" Cindy says. And at the same time, she put her husband's arm into the fridge. Cindy says "Keep it in the fridge for an hour. Don't move it away before I come back." She goes to cook dinner. "Oh, no." her husband shouts loudly.
The question is: The fridge is broken. Is it true?
The possible answers are:
A:Yes, it is.
B:No, it isn't.
C:Yes, it isn't.
D:No, it is.There is an apple tree, it loves a little boy, the boy also loves to come and play around it. One day, he needs a toy, but he has no money, so the tree asks him to sell all the apples. At last, the  boy gets the toy happily. Then the boy grows up  ,he becomes a man. But he doesn't go to see the tree for a long time. The tree is very sad. One summer day, the man returns  and the tree is  very happy "Come and play with me!" the tree says. "No, I have to work, because I must buy a big   house. Can you help me?" the man asks." Sorry, I have no house, but you can cut all the brunches  on me, you can _ the house with them ." the tree answers. So the man gets the house. After many years, the man becomes older, and he comes back again. "I only have the dying roots ,but you can have a remember to love your parents at any time!
The question is: Which is NOT TRUE according to the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:The apple tree is like his parent.
B:The apple tree loves the boy.
C:The apple tree is happy to see the man.
D:The apple tree is unhappy to help the man.I had never really liked reading and thought it was a waste of time. But once my teacher told our class to go to the library and find our favorite books. I love basketball, so I picked out a basketball book. It was called "Hoops" by Water Dean Myers. It is a good novel, and suitable for basketball lovers.
This story is about a high school ball player named Lonnie. Lonnie lives in a poor family in Harlem, New York. He is a good basketball player and dreams of playing basketball in college, and of course in the NBA. When Cal, his new coach, walks into his life, he just wants to keep away from him. But at last they become friends and face many challenges together.
I am now reading more of Walter Dean Myers' books. A lot of his books are about growing up in Harlem, just like he did. However, I like "Hoops" best. From Lonnie, you will learn that the people around you really affect who you are, and how much it helps to have the support of family and friends in your life.
This book also makes me think about how hard it would be to grow up in a rough  neighborhood. I have realized that we must believe in ourselves when life gets hard. I have learned a lot from this book, and I think anyone will learn much after reading it.
It is a good story, and I really suggest that everyone read it. I hope you will enjoy this book as much as I do.
The question is: The writer picked out a   _   in the library.
The possible answers are:
A:history book
B:fashion magazine
C:newspaper
D:novelYou can't remember who sings a certain song from the 90s. You Google it. You're arguing with a friend about who played Mickey in The Goonies. You solve the problem by Googling it. You don't know the way to that new restaurant. You Google Maps it.
We hold the answers to about all of life's questions in our hands today. But that means our brains are feeling free to take some rest. According to the Daily Mail, our growing reliance on  the Internet for fact checking is making our memories worse.
Scientists at Harvard University found people now regard Google and other search engines as an outside part of their own brains, rather than a tool. Writing in the Journal Scientific American, Harvard psychologists Daniel Wegner and Adrian Ward warn that people who believe their memorable facts that are saved online are much worse at remembering them.
"The Internet is also unlike a human memory partner; it knows more and can produce the information more quickly, You can find almost all information today easily through a quick Internet search. It may be that the Internet is taking the place of people's memory."
In a series of tests, researchers found it was easy for people to remember information well if they believed it would be deleted.
Those who thought it was stored on a computer were more forgetful, even if they were asked to keep the information in mind.
The question is: According to the passage, if we depend on the Internet for fact checking,  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:our brains will become smaller
B:our brains will become bigger
C:our memories will become worse
D:our memories will become betterThe world itself is becoming much smaller by using modern traffic and modern communication. Life today is much easier than it was hundreds of years ago, but it has brought new problems. One of the biggest problems is pollution. To pollute means to make things dirty. Pollution comes in many ways. We see it, smell it, drink it and even eat it.
Man has been polluting the earth. The more people, the more pollution. Many years ago, the problems was not so serious because there were not so many people. When the land was used up or the river was dirty in one place, man moved to another place. But this is no longer true. Man is now slowly polluting the whole world.
Air pollution is still the most serious. It's bad for all living things in the world, but it is not the only one kind of pollution. Water pollution kills our fish and pollutes our drinking water. Noise pollution makes us angry more easily.
Many countries are making rules to fight pollution. They stop people from burning coal in houses and factories in the city, and from putting dirty smoke into the air. Pollution by SO2 is now the most dangerous kind of air pollutions. It is caused by heavy traffic. We are sure that if there are fewer people driving there will be less air pollution.
The earth is our home. We must take care of it. That means keeping the land, water and air clean. And we must take care of the rise in pollution at the same time.
:
The question is: Hundreds of years ago, life was   _   it is today.
The possible answers are:
A:much easier than
B:as easy as
C:much harder than
D:as hard asEvery country has its own way of cooking.Ameri can people have their own way of cooking,don't they?Most people in the United states like fast food,but if  you think that American people don't 1 ike cooking,you are wrong.It's true that most Americans eat fast food for their breakfast and lunch,but they also think cooking is interesting.Parents see the importance of teaching their children how to cook,and most Americans say that home--cooked meals are the best.
Americans have their own way of cooking.For example,baking is the most popular way of cooking in America.Most American families have ovens .American cooks pay attention to the balance of food.When planning a big meal,they try to cook meat,a few vegetab]es,some bread and sweet food.They also like to make the meal look beautiful.There are so many kinds of colorful foods,so the meal is healthy and look beautiful,too.
The question is: What does the sentence"It's true that most Americans eat fast food for their breakfast and lunch"mean?It means  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:they don't eat dinner
B:they like eating fast food
C:they only eat fast food
D:they can't cookBen: Leo, you work too hard. Let's go and sit in the park.
Leo: I can't do _ . I have to study for my English test next week.
Ben: But, Leo... You already know that you're going to Tsinghua University! Well, what are you going to major in?
Leo: English and management. How about you? Which school are you going to next year, Ben?
Ben: Oh, I'm going to work for my dad for a year. Then I'll go to college after _ 
Leo: What do you want to study?
Ben: I'm not sure yet. I'd like to study Chinese. So, do you want to be an English teacher or work for a big company after 4 years in Tsinghua University?
Leo: In fact, I hope to go on to study computer science in Beijing University.
Ben: Wow. We are quite different! You know, I just want to find an easy job. I guess you will be a computer programmer.
Leo: Uh-huh. I'd like to.
Ben: Well, I hope to work as a teacher and have a nice family in the future.
Leo: Really? I want to make a lot of money.
.
The question is: What is Leo going to study after he leaves Tsinghua University?
The possible answers are:
A:Management
B:Chinese
C:Computer Science
D:EnglishHow much of an addict(/) are you? Are you like any of the people?
1I dislike haircut. I seldom  get a haircut. So when I get one, my hair is really short. My hair gets really long before my next haircut.    --- Harry
2I hardly drink soda .I usually drink coffee. I sometimes drink eight cups a day. ---Rose
3I exercise regularly .Sometimes I spend 4 or 5 hours on it in one day.  ---Sam
4I have a bar(/) of chocolate sometimes. I can't eat a lot of it, because it makes me heavy.   ---Kim
5I have a TV in my living room, one is in my dining room, one is in my bedroom. I even have one in the bathroom.  --- John
6I spend a lot of time shopping, but I don't spend a great deal of  money. I mostly  do window shopping.     ---Jenny
The question is: Kim has chocolate   _   ,while Jenny spends   _   shopping.
The possible answers are:
A:once; a lot of time
B:sometimes; a great deal of money
C:sometimes; a lot of time
D:once; a great deal of moneyI didn't feel well when I woke up yesterday morning. My throat hurt and _ . I also felt hot. My mother said I had a bad cold. I didn't want to get up, so she let me stay in bed all day. I don't usually like being in bed during the day, but I like it yesterday. I listened to the music and read a magazine. I slept a lot. I had all my meals in bed, though I didn't want to eat much. I had just soup and toast for lunch and some rice and chicken for dinner. By evening I was beginning to feel better. I asked my mother if I could get up and watch television but she said no. Today I feel much better, so I didn't stay in bed. I didn't go to school again, though. I'll go tomorrow if I feel well enough.
The question is: What happens when your "nose is running"?
The possible answers are:
A:You can't find your nose.
B:Your nose began to run.
C:Your nose feels fine.
D:Watery stuff comes out of your nose.Name: Edward Scott    School: Revin Grove State High School
Grade: 7 Term ending: 6 May
Subjects :
Mathematics
He is a little weak in this, but he has tried his best to catch up with others.
Science
He can work out many difficulties.Well done!
French
He is the best in the class.Keep it up.
History
He is not so good at this, but has done better than before.
Geography
He is familiar  with the names of many places in the world.
Music
He doesn't like pop songs, though sings very well.
Conduct: Fair No.in class: 9 Absences: 8
Remarks : Edward has the ability to do a lot better.More work is needed next term.
Class teacher: Ivy
Principal: M.L.Martin
School reopens: 11 September
The question is: Edward is NOT so good at  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:science and geography
B:mathematics and history
C:history and French
D:music and EnglishLet's meet the Johnson's family. Mr.Johnson is a manageer in a big company . He works very hard. He is very busy. He makes much money.But he is always tired . He says to his friend,"I want to be a reporter because I like talking to people."
His wife Mrs. Johonson is a good doctor .She works in children' Hospital. She likes Chinese medicine  very much.
The Johnsons have a daughter called Salina.She is a teacher of French. She always tells her students many interesting stories.They are good friends. They like her.
The question is: What does Salina do?
The possible answers are:
A:A doctor
B:A student
C:A teacher
D:A reporterIf you have failed in the past to try to make big changes in life, try again now, one tiny step at a time.
Every year it's the same. As December comes to an end, you think about the new year and all the ways you want to improve your life. But as you start to write down your hopes for the new year, you think about the last year. You excitedly write down all the changes you are going to make, but by the end of January those ideas get lost in your busy life.
Here's a suggestion: Forget the too big, hard-to-achieve goals and just think about the small ones. "We often think that we have to do everything in big steps, even though it's so hard for us to reach it." said Robert Maurer, who recently wrote the book One Small Step Can Change Your Life. "What we try to do is to begin with such a small step that we can't find any excuse not to do it."
"Kaizen", a Japanese word, is used to mean to change behavior and attitudes  . During World War II, American factory managers were able to _ by trying small, continuous improvements instead of sudden changes. After the war, the idea was brought to a rebuilding   Japan. It made Japan develop fast. The Japanese called it "kaizen", which means "improvement".
Maurer studied the idea and did some experiments with it. "Kaizen" could possibly help people succeed in doing everything.
The question is: Robert Maurer wrote a book to tell us   _   .
The possible answers are:
A:we should do everything in big steps
B:how to find a small step without any excuse
C:we should try a lot of sudden changes
D:how to change one's life with one small stepTom:Good evening, Mum.
Mum:Good evening, Tom.
Tom:Do we eat chicken for dinner, Mum?
Mum:No, we eat fish and carrots, dear.
Tom:Mum, I don't like carrots. I like chicken.
Mum:But we need more  vegetables, not only meat . It's not healthy to eat chicken every day.
Tom:OK. But dad likes chicken, too.
Mum:Well, let's eat chicken and tomatoes tomorrow .
Tom:That sounds great!
The question is: Does Tom's father like chicken?
The possible answers are:
A:No, he doesn't.
B:Yes, he does.
C:We don't know.
D:No, he does.Jenny and Henry were born on the same day and they look the same. Their father is a taxi driver and he is busy all the time. He goes out early in the morning, but comes back when his children are sleeping in bed. He makes a lot of money but he doesn't talk with them about their study. The two children study in the same class. Jenny works hard at her lessons, but her brother likes nothing but playing. He is not good at writing compositions  .
One day Mrs. Cook told her class to write a composition "My Mother". After supper Jenny wrote one in her exercise book and then went to help her mother to do some housework. But Henry went to play football. When night fell, he came back to watch TV until the TV play was over. And he took off his clothes and went to bed, he remembered the composition and had to go to the sitting room again. But he didn't know how to write it. He thought hard and at last he found a way. He found Jenny's schoolbag and brought out her exercise book and copied   her composition.
Two days later Mrs. Cook asked Henry, "Can you tell me why your composition is the same as Jenny's?" "Yes, I can, madam," answered Henry. "We have the same mother. "
The question is: Why doesn't the children's father talk with them about their study?
The possible answers are:
A:Because he doesn't love them.
B:Because he is too busy.
C:Because he is a taxi driver.
D:Because he doesn't live with them.Dear Betty,
I'm your eraser Jill. This afternoon you lost me in your classroom. Simon found me and gave me to your English teacher Ms. Green. Now Ms. Green's three keys and I are in Ms. Green's bag. The bag is yellow. It's on Ms.Green's desk. Please call Ms. Green at 718-0167 and ask her for me. You can come to the library, too. Ms. Green is in the library now.
Jill
The question is: Simon found a(n)   _   in the classroom.
The possible answers are:
A:pen
B:book
C:ruler
D:eraserMr. Lee was in bed and was trying to go to sleep when he heard the bell ring. He turned on the light and looked at his clock. It was twelve o'clock. "Who can it be at this time of night?" He thought. He decided to go and find out. So he got of bed, put on his dressing gown and went to the door. When he opened the door, there was nobody there. "That is very strange." Then he went back to his bedroom, took off his dressing gown, got back into bed, turned off the light and tried to go to sleep.
A few minutes later he heard the bell again. Mr. Lee jumped out of bed very quickly and rushed to the door. He opened it, but again he found no one there. He closed the door and tried not to feel angry. Then he saw a piece of paper on the floor. He picked it up. There were some words on it: "It is now after midnight, so it is April Fool's Day. April Fool to you!"
"Oh, it was the English boy next door!" Mr. Lee exclaimed   and almost smiled. He went back to bed and felt asleep at once. The bell did not ring again.
The question is: Why did he rush to the door when he heard the bell ring the second time?
The possible answers are:
A:He wanted to open the door for the visitor
B:He wanted to find out who the visitor was.
C:He was afraid of the ring
D:He was waiting for someone.Mr Jones and Mr Brown worked in the same office. One day Mr Jones said to Mr Brown "We are going to have a small party at our house next Wednesday evening. Would you and your wife like to join us?"
Mr Brown said, "Thank you very much. That is very kind of you. We are free that evening,I think. But I will telephone my wife and ask her. Maybe   she wants to go somewhere else that evening." So Mr. Brown went to the other room and telephoned. When he came back,he looked very uneasy  .
"What's the matter?" said Mr Jones. "Did you speak to your wife?" "No," answered Mr Brown, "She wasn't there. My small son answered the telephone. I said to him, 'Is your mother there,David?' and he answered, 'No,she is not in the house!' 'Where is she then?' I asked. 'She is somewhere outside!' 'What is she doing?' 'She is looking for me.'"
The question is: The telephone was   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:in the same office
B:near the office
C:in the post office
D:near Mr Jone's houseTom was ten years old and he was a very lazy boy. He didn't like doing any work. He had to go to school, of course , but he didn't study hard there and tried to do as little work as possible. His father and mother were both doctors and they hoped that their son would become one, too. But one day Tom said to his mother, " When I finish school, I want to be a dustman."
"A dustman?" his mother asked, she was very surprised. " that's not a very pleasant job, why do you want to be a dustman?"
"Because then I would only have to work one day a week." Tom answered at once.
"Only one day a week?" his mother said, "What do you mean? And how do you know?"
" Well," Tom replied, " I know that the dustmen who come to our house to work on Thursday, because I only see them on that day."
,,.
The question is: What did Tom say he wanted to be when he grew up?
The possible answers are:
A:Tom said that he wanted to be a dustman.
B:Tom said that he wanted to be a teacher.
C:Tom said that he wanted to be a doctor.
D:Tom said that he wanted to be a singer.Tuesday, 1stSeptember
I had mixed feelings today, nervous, worried, happy, excited... My heart went down when Miss Chan, our head teacher, said that Matthew and Beth, two students from England, would spend three months with us! I was worried that I had to speak English so much! But at the end of the school day, I was happier than I thought: the morning with them today was more enjoyable than I expected.
Today is the most unforgettable first day I have had! Matthew is fantastic! His English is clearer and easier to listen to than I thought. The other English student, Beth, is the most helpful girl I've ever met. There were lots of things to do on the first day. Beth offered to help Miss Chan put up all the notices. Of course, some of the credit   should also go to ME because I translated some of the notices for her. Miss Chan praised us!
We finished all the preparations 10 minutes earlier than expected, then Beth and I talked for a while, Matthew sang several English songs and did some stand-up comedy   at the party. We all praised him. When the bell rang to end the first school day, none of us wanted to leave.
When I went back home, I had a little headache. I have probably spoken more English today than the whole of last year.
It was really a happy day! I hope our friendship can continue, even after they gone back to England!
The question is: Matthew and Beth   _   on the first day.
The possible answers are:
A:spoke much Chinese
B:got lots of praise
C:had a little headache
D:forgot to leave the schoolI went to bed at 11pm, it was snowing. I slept deep and my clock didn't work. It was so cold that I didn't want to get up again. I called my mother "Mom, my alarm clock is dead, but tomorrow morning I need to get up at six o'clock to catch an early bus . Can you give me a wakeup call?" My mother's voice was a little dull, "Fine, dear."
Phone rings pulled me out of my dreams. Mom said from the other end of the line,"It is time to get up, and you need to catch the early bus." I looked at my watch-5:40."Didn't I ask you to wake me up at SIX?" I complained."Let me have some more sleep, please!"
I got up and ready for the trip. It was a dark, cold morning, and everywhere was filled with snow. As I reached the bus stop, I found a white-haired couple  had already been waiting. "You see, you didn't sleep at all night and got here so early," the man murmured( ) to his wife.
The bus finally came. The driver was a very young man. He waited just long enough for me to get on before he started the bus again. "Please wait," I said to the driver. "There are two older people that need to get on, too. It is so cold, and they have waited for a long time. How could you leave them behind?"
Without stopping the bus, the young driver said"That's OK, they are my parents. This is my first day on the job, so they came to make sure I was all right."
I couldn't hold back my tears. My mobile phone rang, incoming was my father's message, "Sweetie, your mom is not feeling well, she was awake most of the night so that she wouldn't miss your wakeup call."
The wakeup call, the older couple, the young driver...reminded me of a Jewish proverb:
"When a father gives something to his son, the son smiles; when a son gives something to his father, the father cries."
The question is: Which is the reason to keep the older people waiting so long?
The possible answers are:
A:To catch the early bus
B:To see their son off
C:To have a trip
D:To make sure their son was all right on the first day to workDear Estelle,                                                 Saturday, 5th June
I hope you' re well and not working too hard! I' ve been revising for my exams now for the last two weeks. That' s why I haven' t written for such a long time.
Since the beginning of this year we' ve been doing a project called ' World Class'. Have you heard of it.'? Not everyone in the class could take part, but luckily I could. The school chooses a 'twin school'   in a different area of the world. Our head teacher chose a school in Uganda. They gave us someone to write to from that school. For three months, I've written to a girl called Louisa, who is the same age as me.
It' s been more interesting to hear about her life. She' s told me all about her school and described her daily   life. I can' t believe that her School doesn' t. have any electricity. She goes to 'school from eight o' clock in the morning until six. O'clock. in the evening. I can' t believe how lucky we are here! She' s also told me that she often can' t go to school because she has to look after her baby brother and sister. She's tried to teach me some of her language and it' s really difficult.
I love it because it' s the first time I' ve thought about what life must be like somewhere else. I can' t believe people miss classes here when everything is so easy for us. I think more people should help out with projects like this. At the weekend we' re going to have a sports day to help raise money to send to the school. Perhaps one day I'll be able to go to Uganda and meet Louisa myself--who knows?
Lots of 1ove,
Suzanne
The question is: By doing the project ' World Class', Susanne learns to
The possible answers are:
A:communicate with others
B:write in a foreign language
C:treasure what she has
D:know the importance of friendshipIt is reported that some developed countries have shipped broken parts of computers to China. Such a thing can be founded every day although it is against international laws. Last month Hong Kong officers found 131,000 kilograms of broken computers, TVs and phones sent from Japan.
Things like these are called electronic waste, or e-waste. Dealing with them is not an easy job because dangerous poison like mercury  and lead   can be found in them. Every time an old computer breaks down, it needs to be dealt with safely. But at present, broken computer parts are usually _ . It may be hundreds of years before they are really goes in the earth.
Many places in China are polluted by e-waste. Guiyu in Guangdong province is one of them. This town is named as "the e-waste capital of the world". It has to deal with 1.5 million kilograms of e-waste each year, from which it makes 75 million years. But it comes at a cost. Many of the poison in e-waste find their way into the environment. Plastic is burned outdoors and chemical water is poured into rivers, Greenpeace, an environmental group, has found the air, the earth and the rivers in Guiyu badly polluted.
The Chinese government wants the country to develop, but in a way that doesn't do harm to the environment and people's life. This year, China presents a new protection law, the strictest one we have ever had. Computer companies like Lenovo and Dell will be asked to take back their old computers. This is because the companies that make computers know best to deal with them safely. Hopefully, the problem with e-waste will be solved in the near future.
The question is: The town of Guiya in Guangdong Province  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:is the e-capital of the world
B:has serious e-waste pollution
C:Deals with e-waste safely
D:speeds much money on e-wasteDo you want to go by ship to Australia or anywhere? A big ship may help you. It looks like a big house. There are rooms for everyone. In the day you can swim in the pool or play games on the ship. You can even see a film on the ship. Sometimes you can see birds flying around you. They are flying here and there. Look at the picture of the ship. Does it look like a house? It's very large. And it's the most luxury passenger liner  in the world, called 'Freedom of the Seas' . The ship is 339 meters long and 38.6 meters wide, with a golf field on it. It's so cool to take a trip on a ship!
The question is: A big ship looks like  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:a pool
B:a house
C:a school
D:a cinemaMany years ago, there lived an old man with his three sons, Dharma, Harrison and Keith, in a village. The man worked hard when he was young, son he had the largest farmyard and the most beautiful house in the village. However, his sons were all born to be lazy, which mad him disappointed. He was worried that his sons would use up his money and starve to death.
One day, the old man came up with a plan. He called his sons and said to them, "Look, my dear sons: in the land we have at the farmyard, there is lots of hidden gold. If you should work together, you may find it"
In a wish to find out the gold, his sons worked hard from the morning to the evening digging and digging all through the land. The days had passed, but they didn't find what were they were looking for. They got frustrated and angry. They decided to give up and returned to ask their father.
"There is no gold in the land. We are cheated."
"Since the land has been dup soft. Why don't you pant some crops there?" was the reply of the father to the sons.
Off went the sons. Soon the whole once-useless land was rich crops.
"This if the real gold, my sons." Said the now proud father.
The question is: Why did his sons agree to dig the land?
The possible answers are:
A:They wanted to help their father.
B:They wanted to grow their own crops.
C:They didn't want to be lazy any more.
D:They wanted to find the hidden gold.Japan is made up of a chain of islands that lie off the coast of Asia. People came to live in Japan from the nearby countries of China and Korea. From these older countries, the Japanese borrowed ideas, inventions and habits.
For many years, the Japanese built houses like those in China. They dressed themselves like a Chinese. From China came their way of writing and their habit of drinking tea.
In more recent times, the Japanese have borrowed things from our country, the United States. They have a government like ours. They do much work in science, as we do. Baseball is a favorite sport in Japan, just as it is here.
Things change when they come to Japan. The Japanese improve on almost everything they borrow. The art of garden making came from Korea and China, but the Japanese gardens are special. Each garden has a waterfall, a pond, and small bridges. There are few flowers in Japanese gardens. But the gardens are green during all the year round because they have many evergreens. Japanese gardens have a different kind of beauty.
The question is: Why did the Japanese change the things they had borrowed?
The possible answers are:
A:They wanted very much to be different from others.
B:They didn't like them the way they were.
C:They wanted visitors to like the change.
D:They tried to make them better.The Petit Appetit Cookbook
List Price: $35.00   Price: $23.10   You save: $11.90(34% off)
Product Description: Fresh, healthy meals that give little mouths something to smile about...In the Petit Appetit Cookbook, mother and professional cook Lisa Barnes offers healthy foods to help create delicious menus and bagin a lifetime of proper eating habits for babies and very young children.
Everyday Raw Express (Paperback)
List Price: $19.99   Price: $13.57   You Save: $6.42(32% off)
Product Description: Many people love eating raw food, but often the recipes take hours or even a period of several days to prepare. Everyday Raw Express offers delicious soups and smoothies, pastas and desserts, all prepared in 30 minutes or less.
If You Give a Dog a Donut (Hardcover)
Reading Level: Ages 4--8   List Price: $16.99   Price: $10.10   You Save: $6.80(40% off)
Product Description: If you give a dog a donut, he'll ask for some apple juice to go with it. When you give him the juice, he'll drink it all up. Then, before you can say "Woof!" ...Dog is off on a backyard adventure!
Good Night Sun Hello Moon (Board Book)
Reading Level: Ages 4--8   List Price: $10.99   Price: $9.34   You Save: $1.65
Book Description: Bedtime is a special time and this beautiful book will be a special part of saying goodnight. As kids turn the page, a little bit of the sun goes away and a little piece of the moon appears. The sweet story about a little bunny who doesn't want to go to bed will help send little ones off to sleep night after night.
Where the Wild Things Are (Hardcover)
Reading Level: Ages 4--above   List Price: $16.95   Price: $11.53   You Save: $5.42
Book Description: Max, a boy who feels misunderstood at home, as he sets out in a small boat, finding new worlds across the sea. He lands on the amazing island of the wild things, a place where being a beast isn't a bad thing. The wild things make Max their king, but he sails back to his own room where he finds his mother and his supper waiting for him.
The question is: Who will probably show interest in The Petit Appetit Cookbook?
The possible answers are:
A:A cook in a seafood restaurant.
B:A healthy mother who likes smiling.
C:An artist who eats in a hurry.
D:A lady with a 9-month-old baby.There are 45 students in our class. I have made a survey, 36 students say they like to exercise. Most boys play basketball together twice a week. But girls think basketball is difficult for them, they'd like to play volleyball together twice a week. My friend, Tony, is good at running. He runs fastest in our class. He runs for 30 minutes on the playground every evening before he goes to bed. Is it interesting? Gray is good at swimming. He goes to the swimming club three times a month in winter, and three times a week in summer. So he is pretty healthy. Some of my classmates have good eating habits. They eat both meat and vegetables. 70% of them drink milk every day. 15 students say they drink milk three or four times a week. But some students like to eat junk food, especially Sally. What's worse is that she doesn't like to exercise, so she is very fat. She always says " I'm going to lose weight  tomorrow."
The question is: When does Tony often run for 30 minutes?
The possible answers are:
A:Everymorning.
B:Everyafternoon
C:Everyeveningbeforehegoestobed.
D:EveryeveningbeforesupperOur town has a big zoo. There are a lot of animals in it. There are some tiger and two lions. They eat a lot of meat everyday.
There are also two big elephants and a baby one. I want to ride one of them, the elephants are tame and kind, They eat a lot of grass every day. The elephants like children, because sometimes Children give them bread and bananas, elephants like bananas very much.
In our zoo there are also brown bears and white bears. They stand on their hind legs. Hold up, their arms and ask for food. They like cakes very much. There is a good place for children. They can ride horses and donkeys  and watch the monkeys there. The monkeys are very funny. They climb up ropes  again and again and play  with each other like small children. They love apples, bananas and bread.
.
The question is: Which of the following is wrong?
The possible answers are:
A:Tigers and lions are much stronger than elephants.
B:Both tigers and lions eating meat.
C:Bears can stand up like a man ask for food with their hands.
D:Children like monkeys because they are very funny and they are jumping and running all the time.He was driving home one evening when he saw an old lady standing by the road. He could tell she needed help. So he stopped his car in front of her car and got out.
He smiled at her, but she was worried. Was he going to hurt her? He looked poor and hungry.
He said: "I'm here to help you ma'am. Why don't you wait in the car? By the way ,my name is Joe."
She had a flat tire . Joe crawled under the car and soon he was able to change the tire. But he had to get dirty and his hands hurt. She said that she couldn't thank him enough for his help. Joe just smiled as he closed her trunk .
She asked him how much she owed him. But Joe wasn't thinking about the money. This was helping someone in need. He told her that if she really wanted to pay him back, the next time she saw someone who needed help, she should lend a hand.
He waited until she had driven off and felt good as he headed for home.
A few miles down the road the lady saw a small cafe. She went in to get a bite to eat. The waitress brought a clean towel for her to wipe her wet hair. The waitress was nearly eight months pregnant .It was tiring for her to move about. But she did it all with a sweet smile on her face. The lady was moved by the wonderful service the waitress was giving. After the lady had finished her meal, and the waitress had gone to get her change from a Y=100 bill, the lady slipped out the door. At her table, the waitress found something written on a napkin.
There were tears in her eyes when she read what the lady had written. It said: "You don't owe me a thing. I know life is hard for you right now. Someone once helped me out, the way I'm helping you. If you really want to pay me back, don't let the chain of love end with you."
The question is: The old lady helped the waitress by_.
The possible answers are:
A:drawing something on a napkin
B:buying something to eat
C:giving her some money
D:giving her a rideThe keys to reaching or staying at a healthy weight are regular exercise and good eating habits. Teens should get 60 minutes or more of physical activity a day. Note the word "activity". As long as you're getting your body moving, it doesn't have to mean doing difficult exercise or going to the sports hall every day. All that matters is that each week you get the right balance of activity, including aerobics  , strength building, and flexibility   exercise. Make exercise a habit by arranging some time every day.
On days when you have soccer practice or an aerobics class, you may have no trouble exercising for an hour or more. But most of us are busy, and 60 minutes a day for exercise seems like a lot of time. The good news is that it's OK to divide it into shorter exercise breaks throughout the day.
Just as you might have a healthy snack to stop yourself from getting hungry, exercise snacks can keep energy levels high. So get up 15 minutes early and do some stretching   activity. Walk fast or run slowly for 15 minutes after lunch. Do the same thing after school -- or walk or bike home. Add to that taking the stairs, PE class, and walking between classes during the day, and you've probably reached your 60 minutes.
Here are five simple ways to make an exercise lifestyle change:
The question is: The writer thinks many people probably misunderstand the word"activity" to be "  _  ".
The possible answers are:
A:physical activity
B:body movement
C:sports hall exercise
D:outdoor exerciseA Gold Cup for an Orange
There is a poor man. He has an orange tree. On the tree, there are many fine oranges. One of them is very, very big. It is as big as a football. Nobody sees so big an orange. The poor man is very happy. He takes it to the king . The King is so pleased that he gives the man a lot of money for it.
When a rich man hears of it, he says to himself, "It's only an orange. Why does the king give so much money for it? I'll take my gold cup to the king. He'll give me more money".
The next day when the king receives   the gold cup, he says to the rich man, "what a beautiful cup! I'll show you something wonderful, please take this great orange away.
The question is: The king receives the orange and the gold cup   _
The possible answers are:
A:on the same day
B:the next day
C:every day
D:on different daysAntarctica is in the most southern part of the world. It is like nowhere else on the earth. It is much larger than Europe, and nearly twice the size of Australia. Antarctica is the coldest and windiest place in the world, even colder and windier than the North Pole. In summer, the sun shines for twenty-four hours a day, but in winter it's completely dark for about three months. Very few plants grow there, but there is some wildlife, including whales, seals and penguins.
When Captain James Cook traveled around Antarctica in the 1770s by ship, he found no one living there. Today, a few scientists work in Antarctica, but they only spend a short time there.
Many scientists are studying the _ , which is getting thinner and thinner worldwide. The biggest "hole" is above Antarctica, and weather there is getting warmer. Scientists think that this cold and lonely place can teach us a lot about the earth and how to keep the earth safe.
The question is: How many kinds of animals are mentioned in the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:Two.
B:Three.
C:Four.
D:Five.Roast   is very famous in Brazil. Customs   just sit , waiting for waiters to send them all kinds of meat. If you like , you take one ; if you don't , the waiters pass you . If you don't give any messages of stopping , they will go on.
One day when I was in Brazil , I went to a restaurant to try the roast . After I took my seat, the waiter gave me a sign with the color "red" on the side and "green" on the other . I said "thank you", then the waiters began to serve me .My plate was already full, but the waiters still kept on serving me more. I thought I had to eat more quickly . But to my surprise, the waiters still kept on serving more. Then a waiter found out the reason. He helped me turn the sign over, with red outside . When I finished , I found the waiter didn't take a look at me . Do you know Why? It's just like the traffic lights in the street . How wonderful !
The question is: How did the waiter know you wanted food?
The possible answers are:
A:Put the "green" side outside.
B:Take the sign away.
C:Put the "red" side outside.
D:Keep the waiters away.Mr. Hunt was living in a village and he wanted to go to an office one day. He got into his car and drove to the city. He went there without any trouble and stopped in front of the door. He locked his car and started to go into the office, but then he turned around and went back to his car. "I've left my keys in it!" he said to himself. Then he called his wife and said, "Excuse me, but I've locked my keys in my car, please bring your keys to me."
Mrs. Hunt got into their second car and drove thirty kilometers to her husband. But while Mr. Hunt was waiting, he walked around his car and tried the other door. It was not locked. He locked it quickly before his wife arrived.
,.
The question is: Mr. Hunt returned to his car because  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:he forgot to call his wife
B:he left his keys in the car
C:he took something in the car
D:there was something wrong with his carYou've probably seen it before-two elderly people walking hand in hand down the street and looking very much like each other. They look so much alike that they could be brother and sister.
Do you believe that people who live together for many years would look alike? It's strange. but scientists say it's true.
How scientists proved it? In a study, scientists found young couples only showed similarity by chance. However, elder couples were very likely to look like each other. The similarity could be very subtle  and could be found in wrinkles  or furrows, etc. Besides, some couples look far more alike than other couples.
The scientists thought of several possible reasons:
1. Diet. "We are what we eat." As couples usually share the same diet, will they probably look alike? For example, if both partners eat a high fat diet, their faces will tend to look fat. However, the scientists ruled this out  using another small study.
2. Environment. Will elderly couples show similarity because they live together in the same area for a long time? The environmental factors  such as sunshine and wind affect the skin in similar ways. The scientists ruled this possibility out as well.
3. Empathy . This is the theory  the scientists believe in. Couples grow to look similar because they are empathizing with each other. They copy each other's facial expressions. For example, if one partner often smiles in a certain way, the other is likely to copy it. In this way, their faces share similar wrinkles and furrows.
The question is: Which is the theory the scientists believe in?
The possible answers are:
A:Empathy.
B:Diet.
C:Environment.
D:Wrinkles.A father isn't happy with his only son. He doesn't think his son is clever.
One day, the father gives his son a task. He says, here is a coin. Go to buy one thing. That must be something to eat, something to drink, and something to plant.
"What can I buy with one coin? It is too hard!" Then a girl finds the boy is not happy and comes up to him. "Can I help you? " The boy tells her that hard task. "I know what you can do, " she says. "Go and buy a watermelon with this coin. " It will give you everything your father wants." The boy thanks the girl and then runs to buy a watermelon.
When the father sees the watermelon, he is very happy. "Good Job!" "In fact, that's not my idea. A girl helps me", says the boy. The father then says, " _ is more important than cleverness."
,.
The question is: The father is   _   when he sees the watermelon.
The possible answers are:
A:sad
B:happy
C:excited
D:angryAt a day care center in Taxes, children were playing outside. One of the children was Jessica McClure. She was 18 months old. Jessica's mother, who worked at the day care center, was watching the children. Suddenly Jessica fell and disappeared. Jessica's mother cried and ran to her.
A well was in the yard of the center. The well was only eight inches across, and a rock always covered it. But children had moved the rock. When Jessica fell, and she fell right into the well.
Jessica's mother reached inside the well, but she couldn't feel Jessica. She ran to the phone and called 911 for help.
Men from the fire apartment arrived. They discovered that Jessica was about 20 feet down in the well. For the next hour, the men talked and planned Jessica's rescue . Then they told Jessica's parents their plan.
"We can't go into the well. " they said "It's too narrow. So, we're going to drill  a hole next to the well. Then we 'll drill a tunnel across Jessica. Then we'll bring her up through the hole. "
The man began to drill the hole on a Wednesday morning. "We'll reach Jessica in a few hours ", they thought. The men were wrong. They had to drill through the solid rock. Two days later, on Friday morning, they were still drilling,. And Jessica McClure was still in the well.
During her days in the well, Jessica sometimes called her mother. Sometimes she slept, sometimes she cried, and sometimes she sang.
All over the world people waited for the news of Jessica. They read about her in the newspapers and watched her rescue on TV. Everyone worried about the little girl in the well.
At 8 P. M. on Friday, the men finally reached Jessica and brought her up from the well. Jessica was dirty, hungry, thirsty and tired. Her foot and forehead was badly injured. But Jessica was alive. A doctor at the hospital said, "Jessica was lucky she was young. She's not going to remember this very well. "
Maybe Jessica will not remember her days in the well. But her parents, her rescuers, ans many other people around the world will not forget them. After Jessica's rescue, one of the rescuers made a metal cover for the well. On the cover he wrote, "To Jessica, with love from all of us. "
The question is: Which of the following can most probably be the tittle of the reading?
The possible answers are:
A:Rock Cover
B:Dangerous Well
C:Everybody's Baby
D:Careless MotherRecently a Beijing father sent in a question at an Internet forum  asking what "PK" meant.
"My family has been watching the 'I Am the Singer' singing competition TV programme. My little daughter asked me what 'PK' meant, but I had no idea," explained the puzzled father.
To a lot of Chinese young people who have been playing games online, it is impossible not to know this term. In such Internet games, "PK" is short for "Player Kill", in which two players fight until one ends the life of the other.
In the case of the "I Am the Singer" singing competition, "PK" was used to refer to the stage where two singers have to compete with each other for only one chance to go up in competition raking.
Like this father, Chinese teachers at Middle schools have also been finding their students using _ which are difficult to understand. A teacher from Tianjin asked her students to write the compositions with simple language, but they came up with a lot of Internet jargons that she didn't understand.
"My 'GG' came back this summer from college. He told me I've grown up to be a 'PLMM'. I loved to 'FB' with him together; he always took me to the 'KPM'," went one composition.
"GG" means Ge Ge (Chinese pinyin for brother). "PLMM" is Piao Liang Mei Mei (beautiful girl)."FB" means Fu Bai (corruption)."KPM" is short for KFC, Pizza Hut and McDonald's.
Some specialists welcome Internet jargons as a new development in language. If you do not even know what a Kong Long (dinosaur, meaning an ugly looking femal) or a Qing Wa (frog, meaning an ugly looking male ) is, you will possibly be regarded as a CaiNiao!
The question is: The example of the Beijing father and the Tianjin teacher are used to show that Internet jargons  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:are used not only online
B:can be understood very well
C:are welcomed by all the people
D:cause trouble to our mother tongueA short Chinese man is one of the biggest men in the world right now.  He is Jack Ma(Ma Yun),the Chair-man of Alibaba Group. On Sept. 19,2014,Alibaba went public and raised$25billion . Ma,a former English teacher,has become the richest man in China.
Born in 1964 in Hangzhou,Zhejiang. Ma grew up as a happy kid.  When he was a teenager he wanted to learn English. Every morning,he got up at 5 a.m.,  rode his bike for 40 minutes to a hotel near the West Lake and talked with foreign tourists in English. He did it for nine years , rainy or shine. 
The experience made him an excellent English speaker and opened his eyes to the outside world. In 1994,Ma Yun heard about the Internet. And on a 1995 trip to the US ,Ma was shown the Internet for the first time. He searched the word "beer" on Yahoo,and found that there was nothing there about China. Seeing the chance,Ma returned to China and set up a website called China Pages without even knowing much about computers.
Four years later,Ma,his wife and his friends set up Alibaba in HangZhou. He believed in the Internet business potential when few other Chinese did.15 year later,Alibaba has developed into the world's largest e-commerce company ,owning popular shopping  websites like Taobao and Tmall.
The question is: Which of the following is NOT true according to the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:The first website Ma Yun set up was Yahoo.
B:Alibaba raised a lot of money after it went public.
C:Ma Yun began to learn English when he was a teenager.
D:Ma Yun believed that lnternet business world have a bright future.Dear Estelle,                                                 Saturday, 5th June
I hope you' re well and not working too hard! I' ve been revising for my exams now for the last two weeks. That' s why I haven' t written for such a long time.
Since the beginning of this year we' ve been doing a project called ' World Class'. Have you heard of it.'? Not everyone in the class could take part, but luckily I could. The school chooses a 'twin school'   in a different area of the world. Our head teacher chose a school in Uganda. They gave us someone to write to from that school. For three months, I've written to a girl called Louisa, who is the same age as me.
It' s been more interesting to hear about her life. She' s told me all about her school and described her daily   life. I can' t believe that her School doesn' t. have any electricity. She goes to 'school from eight o' clock in the morning until six. O'clock. in the evening. I can' t believe how lucky we are here! She' s also told me that she often can' t go to school because she has to look after her baby brother and sister. She's tried to teach me some of her language and it' s really difficult.
I love it because it' s the first time I' ve thought about what life must be like somewhere else. I can' t believe people miss classes here when everything is so easy for us. I think more people should help out with projects like this. At the weekend we' re going to have a sports day to help raise money to send to the school. Perhaps one day I'll be able to go to Uganda and meet Louisa myself--who knows?
Lots of 1ove,
Suzanne
The question is: Which of the following is TRUE about Louisa' s school?
The possible answers are:
A:It is a world class.
B:The school day starts at six o' clock.
C:It has no electricity.
D:It is smaller than Susanne' school.My name is Frank. I am from St. John Middle School in America. I am in Class Three, Grade
Seven. We study Chinese at school. Our Chinese teacher is Joy Black. He is not Chinese, but he is good at Chinese.
I have a lot of friends in my school. Jimmy is tall and has black hair. He is good at playing basketball. He is in the school basketball team  . May is short and she wears glasses. She is good at Maths. Sandra has long hair. She likes swimming. She is in the school swimming team. Maria is new here. She is from Hong Kong. She has black hair and big eyes. She is good at English and computers. Nick is tall. He has small eyes. He is funny. He plays football very well.
,
The question is: Frank is   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:in Class Seven
B:a middle school student
C:in Grade Eight
D:a Chinese studentThe one-child policy in our country has made most families much smaller than before. That is to say, there are fewer children in a family. But the population of China is still growing faster. Why? In fact, it's a serious problem not only in China, but also in the whole world. It's reported that the world population is _ to reach 9,200,000,000 by 2050. There are two important reasons. First, there are still more and more babies born every year. Next, people in the world can live much longer than before.
The earth is too tired, but it has to burden  more in the future. Who can save her?
,.
The question is: Which of the following is NOT true?
The possible answers are:
A:The population of China is still growing.
B:The number of women keeps growing these years.
C:It's difficult for us to control   the population in a few years.
D:One of the reasons for the population problem is that people can live longer than before.Honey bees are a kind of animal most of us learn about very early. In summer, many people step on honey bees and get stung  while walking without wearing shoes.
Honey bees are normally about third fourths of an inch long. Most bees are workers, which are female, but some are male, called "drones ". Workers are a little smaller than drones.
Honey bees live in a nest, called a "hive". A hive can have up to 80,000 bees, mostly workers. It usually lies in a tree with a hole inside.
The hive is ruled  over by a queen bee. She is the largest bee in the hive, and she is the only female to mate. Males usually just hang around; their only purpose is to mate with the queen. Then they die. The workers do all of the work inside and outside of the hive. Their jobs include: caring for baby bees, cleaning up the hive, making honey...
Honey bees are usually very friendly, and they mind their own business. They are too busy to worry about people or other animals. If a person is hardworking, we can say he is as busy as a bee. Are you a bee?
The question is: What kind of animal does the writer think of honey bees?
The possible answers are:
A:They are very busy and friendly to people.
B:They have short lives but work very hard.
C:They are sad to be ruled by a queen.
D:They are smart and helpful animals.What sport do you like best?
Daniel: I like basketball best. I often watch NBA. I play basketball every day. I am short, but I am strong. I am a good basketball player in our school.
Lucy: Ping-ping is my favourite sport. I am a Chinese and Chinese ping-pong players are the best in the world. I want to be a good ping-pong player too. I often play it every afternoon.
Tom: I am tall and strong. I like football best. My father is a football player. I often watch my father play football. My father often teaches me to play football. I play with my father and others in the park every day.
The question is: Which of the following is RIGHT?
The possible answers are:
A:Daniel is tall.
B:Lucy wants to be a doctor.
C:Tom is thin.
D:The passage  is about favourite sports.When did you last see a polar bear? On a trip to a zoo, perhaps? If you had attended a winter activity in New York a few years ago, you would have seen a whole polar bear club. These "Polar Bears" are people who meet frequently in winter to swim in freezing cold water. That day, air temperature was 3degC, and the water temperature was a bit higher. The members of the Polar Bear Club at Coney Island , New York are usually about the age of 60. Members must satisfy two requirements. First, they must get along well with everyone else in the group, this is very important because there are so many different kinds of people in the club. Polar Bears must also agree to swim outdoors at least twice a month from November through February.
Doctors do not agree about the medical effects of cold-water swimming. Some are worried about the dangers of a condition in which the body's temperature drops so low that finally the heart stops. Other doctors, however, point out that there is more danger of a heart attack during summer swimming because the difference between the air temperature and water temperature is much greater in summer than in winter.
The Polar Bears themselves are satisfied with the benefits(or advantages) of cold-water swimming. They say that their favorite form of exercise is very good for the circulatory system  because it forces the blood to move fast to keep the body warm. Cold-water swimmers usually turn bright red after a few minutes in the water. A person who turns blue probably has a very poor circulatory system and should not try cold-water swimming.
The main benefits(or advantages) of cold-water swimming are probably mental . The Polar Bears love to swim year-round; they find it fun and relaxing. As one 70-year-old woman says,"When I go into the water, I pour my troubles into the ocean and let them float away ."
The question is: Doctors   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:encourage people to take part in cold-water swimming actively
B:point out the possible danger of blood illness during cold-water swimming
C:believe swimming is helpful both in winter and in summer
D:have different ideas about the medical effects of cold-water swimmingIn our town, there is a big zoo with a lot of animals in it. There are so beautiful tigers and two old lions. They eat a lot of meat every day.
There are also two big elephants and one baby elephant. The elephants are kind animals. They eat a lot every day. They like children. Children often give them bread and bananas. Elephants like bananas best.
In our zoo there are also brown bears, black bears and white bears. They stand on their hind legs, hold up their four legs and ask for food. They like cakes very much.
There's also a children's corner in our zoo. Children ride horses and donkeys and watch the monkeys there. The monkeys are very funny. They climb up ropes and jump down again and play with each other like small children.
The question is: The zoo is   _   .
The possible answers are:
A:near our town
B:very big
C:very small
D:next to the cityWhen Abraham Lincoln was young, he worked in a store. One day a woman came into the store and bought some things. They added up to two dollars and six and a quarter cents.
The bill was paid, and the woman was satisfied. But the young storekeeper, not feeling quite sure about his calculations  , added up the things again. To his surprise he found that it should have been but two dollars.
"I've made her pay six and a quarter cents more," said young Abe, upset.
It was an unimportant thing, and many salespersons would forget it, but Abe was too careful for that.
"The money must be paid back," he decided.
At night, he closed the store and walked to the home of his customer. He explained the matter, paid over the six and a quarter cents, and returned satisfied.
Here is another story of young Lincoln's strict honesty. A woman entered the store and asked for half a pound of tea. The young man weighed it out. This was the last sale of the day.
The next morning, when beginning his duties, Abe discovered a four-ounce weight on the scales  . It flashed upon him at once that he had used this in the sale last night, and so, of course, given his customer short weight. Many people would not have been much worried by this discovery. But Abe weighed out the balance of the half pound, shut up the store, and carried it to the customer. I think that the name, so often given in late times to President Lincoln, of "Honest Old Abe", was well deserved  .
The question is: When young Abe found he made a wrong calculation, he   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:tried to forget it
B:paid over the money
C:felt it was unimportant
D:gave back the short weightChores were not popular at my house.My children didn't like to do chores.They always saw me do
chores, but they hardly ever helped me do them.
A year ago, I made a game called "The Endless Chore Game".It's really great.Here's how the game works.
I made a card with forty squares ( ) and I write a different chore on each square.These chores can be easy and interesting like making dessert.Then my family roll the dice  to decide what chores we have to do.The card also has a few squares with fun things, like watching TV and singing.If you are lucky, you can watch TV when the others are doing the chores.
My son likes the game very much.He goes to the kitchen happily every morning to do the game.It is really a good way to make my children do chores.You can have a try if you have the same problem with me.
The question is: When does the writer's family do the game?
The possible answers are:
A:In the morning.
B:In the afternoon.
C:In the evening.
D:We don't know.Editor's note: do you care about the environment  ? Have you ever wanted to help protect it ? Well read on, as this month we're going to hear from overseas teens about what they do to help the environment.
I can't remember when I started collecting litter . But it was when I got tired of seeing litter near my home and realized that no one else was going to pick it up.
I live close to a forest in Ohio, America. I can walk there in three minutes!
I used to love going there to play with my dog. But one day there was so much litter there that I became very unhappy. I decided I had to clean up the forest. I wanted to feel happy going there again.
I made my first trip to clean the forest that afternoon. I took a big black rubbish bag with me. Ten minutes after starting to pick up litter, my bag was full! It had cans, bottles, broken glass and newspapers in it.
Since that first trip three years ago. I've gone to the forest four times a year to pick up litter. I'm often there for three hours. It makes me feel great to do something for the environment.
After each trip, I look at all the litter I've found. If any of it is recyclable , I keep it.I can't understand why people drop litter. But I will keep picking it up until they stop dropping it.
I know I am only doing a small bit to help the earth, but I still think it is important.
The question is: What did he take when he went to the forest to pick up the litter?
The possible answers are:
A:A book
B:A dog
C:A black car
D:big rubbish bagLet's Go See Papa is a lovely children's book. In this book, a little girl tells about her life while her dad is working far away from her.
"I haven't seen my dad for one year, eight months and twenty-two days," the girl writes in her journal. She writes everything she has done so that her father will never miss a day.
Sunday is the cheapest day for long-distance   phone calls, so that day is special to the girl and her mother. One Sunday phone call brings surprising news. Dad tells his daughter that she and Mom will finally be able to come and live with him in the United States. The girl feels happy, because she can see her father again. But she has to leave her dog and her best friend Rocio behind. A few days later, Mom and the little girl go to the airport. They have to say goodbye to the happy days they spent here.
The question is: What can we learn from the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:The girl keeps a pet cat.
B:The girl doesn't want to go to America.
C:The girl's father has been in the United States for nearly two years.
D:The girl feels sad about her leaving because she has no friend to say goodbye to.Comfortable family home with a large garden on north side of town.Three bedrooms,
Living-room,kitchens,dining-room,bathroom.Offers over$35,000.
2.ASSISTANT WANTED FOR BUSH RESTAURANT
Some evening and weekend work.All meals free.Ring 33201 78.
3.JOIN OUR FOOTBALL TEAM
Boys and girls wanted to play in local football team.Aged 9-1 3.Meet in Green Park on Friday at 3P.m.
4.ROOM TO RENT
Small room to rent in city centre flat above restaurant.Newly painted with modern furniture.Near main railway station.Buses pass front door.Phone 3322108.
Mr.Brown wants to Live near his workplace.Mrs.Brown wants a house with four bedrooms.The Brown children don't care what the house is like.They just want a big garden.Ann,their daughter, has always wanted to work in a restaurant.She thinks it is an exciting place.It's hard work but she is n't lazy.You have to work on Saturdays and Sundays,but you get other days off.It's not very well paid.But who cares about money?
Tom is a middle school student.He is twelve years old.He stops school at half past three,so he has plenty of time to finish his homework.
Jack.Mr.Brown's brother ,is looking for a room to rent.He doesn't care what colour the walls are or how old the furniture is.He is getting ready for his drawing.So the house must be quiet.
The question is: Why can't Tom play for the new football team?
The possible answers are:
A:He's not old enough.
B:It's in a different village.
C:School stops too late.
D:He has to do his homework.Do you know you could get sick just by walking past a building? The bacteria  that cause Legionnaire's disease grow very fast in large modern buildings. They are carried by air through the buildings and outside. Legionnaire s disease is only one of the illnesses that are caused by "sick buildings".
Some buildings can make you ill because their heating and air-conditioning  are controlled . Air from outside cannot get in through the closed windows; This indoor air pollution is a growing problem.
Legionnaire's disease may be the most serious result of sick buildings, but other unpleasant illnesses can appear.People who work in some buildings suffer  from tiredness, feeling sick and headaches. Their offices look bright and clean, but invisible  and dangerous bacteria are in the air around them.
There is an answer to the problem. The air-conditioning and heating can be tested for bacteria. _ This is expensive to do, but the results are good. The people in the buildings no longer get sick, and everybody is happier.
The question is: The indoor air pollution is caused by   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:Legionnaire's disease
B:the air from outside
C:lack  of fresh air
D:unpleasant illnessesHave you ever seen a horse with toes ?Millions of years ago, horses had many toes. They had four toes on each front foot. They had three toes on each back foot. The horses were no bigger than the cats.These small horses lived in the forest. The toes helped the horses run on the soft, wet ground.
At first, it was very hot in the forest. But the weather changed. It became very cold. Many trees could not live in cold weather. The trees died and fell. Open fields took the place of forests. The sun made the ground dry and hard.
Horsed began to change, too. They began to get bigger. This took a long time. On the dry, hard land, horses needed only their middle toes for running. Their middle toes became hard. After a long time, horses had only one hard toe on each foot. Now we call this hard toe a
The question is: The main idea of the passage is that   _   .
The possible answers are:
A:horses had three toes on each back foot.
B:horses lived in the hot forest
C:horses changed a lot over the years
D:horses didn't like the cold weatherThere was once a young mouse that lived in a hole in a wall. One day, the young mouse woke up from his sleep and looked out of the hole. As he looked out, a fantastic smell came to his nose. "Cheese!" the mouse said happily to himself. "I'll go and get it now and have it for breakfast."
But then he remembered his parents' words. His parents were very clever mice and often said to their son, "Always wait before you go for a piece of cheese."
So the young mouse waited quietly. Then he heard a quiet "Miaow" and he knew the cat was there. He stayed in the hole and said to himself, "I'm glad I listened to my parents and learned to wait."
The next day, he looked out again. He put his nose out of the hole, and the beautiful smell of cheese came to his nose again. He could see the cheese. It was only a few centimetres away. But he sat still and waited quietly. This time he did not hear any cat's noise. Instead he heard a very quiet "Woof, woof."
"It's a dog!" he thought. "If the dog is there, the cat won't be there. I expect the dog has chased the cat away, so I'm safe." The mouse ran out of the hole and started eating the cheese. He did not see the cat, which caught him and ate him.
When the cat finished her meal, she said to herself, "I'm glad I listened to my parents and learned a second language."
The question is: Which of the following sentences is Not True according to the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:The young mouse lived in a hole in a wall.
B:The next day the mouse didn't hear any cat's noise.
C:The cat pretended to be a dog by making the noise "woof".
D:The mouse's parents told their daughter to wait before going for a piece of cheese.Hi! My name is Hunt. Here is a picture of my class. Joan is short and is wearing a yellow dress. She is good at maths. David is tall and has black hair. He is good at playing basketball. Mike is big. He has small eyes. He is funny. He can play football. Lily has long hair. She can speak Japanese.
Helen is a black girl. She has short hair. She likes swimming. She is on the swimming team. I like music. Can you find me? I'm the boy with glasses. Becky is new here. She comes from Hong Kong. She has black hair and black eyes. She speaks English well. And she is very good at computer.
The question is: The colour of Joan's dress is   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:blue
B:black
C:red
D:yellowA good way to pass an examination is to work hard everyday in the year. You may fail in the examination if you are lazy for most of the year and then work hard only a few days before the examination.
If you are taking an English examination, you shouldn't only learn the rules of grammar. Try to read stories in English and speak in English whenever you can. Several days before examination you should start going to bed early. Do not stay up late at night studying and learning things. Before you start the examination, read carefully over the examination paper. Try to understand the exact meaning ofeach question before you pick up your pen to write. When you have finished your examination At last ,read your answers, correct any mistakes that you see and make sure that you have not _ anything _ 
,.
The question is: When we are taking the exam, we should  _
The possible answers are:
A:Pick up your pen and write at once.
B:After you finish the examination, hand in at once.
C:Try to understand every word while you are reading.
D:Go over your paper before you hand it in.It was Jimmy's birthday, and he was five years old. He got quite a lot of nice birthday presents from his family, and one of them was a beautiful big drum .
"Who gave him that thing?" Jimmy's father said when he saw it. "His grandfather did," answered Jimmy's mother. "Oh," said his father. Of course , Jimmy liked his drum very much. He made a terrible noise  with it, but his father did not mind . His father was working during the day, and Jimmy was in bed when he got home in the evening, so he did not hear the noise.
But one of the neighbors  did not like the noise at all , so a few days later, she took a sharp  knife and went to Jimmy's house while Jimmy was hitting  his drum. She said to him, "Hello, Jimmy. Do you know, there's something very nice inside your drum. Here's a knife. Open the drum and let's find it. "
The question is: What did Jimmy's neighbor really want him to do? To   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:stop him making noises
B:make a noise on his drum with a knife
C:show him how to hit the drum
D:find something nice in his drumJeff likes fish very much. He buys some fish and takes it home. When(......) his wife  sees the fish, she says to herself,"Good! Now I ask my friends to have lunch, and we can have the fish."They like eating fish very much. When Jeff comes home in the evening, he can't find the fish and his wife says,"Oh, your cat eats it."And she gives Jeff some bread for supper. Jeff is not very happy. He takes the cat and his wife to the shop nearby . Then he says to his wife,"My cat is one kilo and the fish is one kilo, too. The fish is here. But where is my cat?"
The question is: Who eats the fish?
The possible answers are:
A:Only Jeff's wife.
B:The cat.
C:Jeff and his wife.
D:Jeff's wife and her friends.I noticed that the little boy was paying mostly with change  . It seemed that he had broken his pig bank   to do this shopping. However, the cashier told him he was $ 8.00 short after counting his money.
It was clear that the boy had already used all the money. The lady in front of me said, "Well, I could pay half of that." I told the boy that I could pay the other half. We searched our handbags. However, both of us only had ten-dollar bills  . Other customers behind began searching their pockets to find some change. It was amazing and moving that all these strangers seemed to have the same idea. All of us wanted to help the boy. Within minutes the cashier said, "I have too much money." The cashier didn't need our ten-dollar bills. Then the lady in front of me said, "Wait! I didn't get a chance to give anything!"
I smiled at her and said, "You did your share, because it was your idea and you started all this." The little boy smiled and thanked us. I was left with a good feeling. I saw the love and goodness of others all around me. The woman in front of me smiled and said, "It feels good to give, doesn't it?" I smiled back and said, "Yes!"
,.
The question is: Which of the following statement is true?
The possible answers are:
A:The boy couldn't afford the clothes with his own money.
B:The lady in front of me didn't get the chance to help the boy.
C:Both of the lady and me paid ten dollars for the boy at last.
D:The cashier didn't want others to pay for the clothes.Colors play an important role in our world. They have different meanings to people of different cultures. Here are some colors and what they _ to various people of the world.
Red is the favorite color of brides in Vietnam. In this country, red represents fortune, success, and good luck. In China red is a symbol of luck and is used for many celebrations such as weddings and the beginning of the new year. In India red is a symbol of purity and commitment, and it is used in wedding clothing. In the United States red represents love and is used during Christmas and Valentine's Day. Red also represents speed and power in the west, which is why it is a popular color for race cars and toy rockets.
In Paris, all garbage collectors are clothed in green. They drive green trucks and dispose of waste in green bins. In many parts of the world, green has become a symbol of kindness to the earth. In Ireland, green symbolizes Catholicism, and in India it is the color of Islam.
Yellow is the color that symbolizes the sun. Yellow can make people feel happy and excited, but at the same time can make people feel angrier or more frustrated. In the United States, school buses and taxicabs are often yellow, because you can see this color ruore easily. In Japan, yellow is the color of bravery.
To the Japanese, Chinese, Vietnamese and Koreans, white symbolizes death. To people of India and in the west white is a color of purity.
,.
The question is: Which of the flowing is true?
The possible answers are:
A:Red symbolizes the sun in most countries.
B:In the USA,school bus and taxis are often yellow.
C:In Ireland,all garbage collectos were green clothes.
D:Tothe Koreans,white is a color of purity.We all need to exercise. Doctors say it is good for us. It makes your heart and body strong. It also gives you more energy. And you will feel better yourself. It's best to exercise twice a week. Twenty minutes each time is enough.
There are many ways to exercise. You can walk, run, play sports, or swim. Many people go to special places to exercise. They are called "fitness centers". These places have a lot of equitment. Some people buy equitment for their homes. But it is very expensive.
Exercising can be fun. Friends can exercise together at fithess center. Or they can play sports together, how do you exercise?
The question is: Which of these kinds of exercise is not mentioned in the article?
The possible answers are:
A:Sports .
B:Swimming.
C:Running.
D:Dancing.Many students are under great pressure this term. There is some advice on studying and preparing for exams.
Sciences
Ask students what is the most difficult course, and most of them will give you the same answer: mathematics. This is also true for Dai Shuang, a 14-year-old student at No.1 Middle School. He says, "It's so difficult that I get a headache whenever I think about the math exam."
According to Dai, studying this course is not easy. He usually studies math by himself and spends most of his free time reading math books and doing exercises.
 _ 
Qin Xia, a math teacher, offers some advice. "Most students fear mathematics because they think the class is too difficult or boring." he says, "These students don't listen carefully in classes or even sleep." In Qin's opinion, they can try to take notes. And they'd better ask teachers for help. It's difficult for students to teach themselves math, which will waste a lot of time. Besides, doing a lot of exercises is also important.
Arts
Zhu Tianjiao, a 13-year-old student at Megan Middle School, is very nervous because she doesn't know how to improve her English.
 _ 
Xia Bingcong, a top student at Tsinghua University shares  some of her learning experiences. According to Xia, memorizing, listening and reading are important in language learning. "Studying on a daily basis  is the best choice." Xia says.
The question is: The passage tells us that   _   can help us make progress with English.
The possible answers are:
A:exercising, listening, and reading
B:memorizing, listing and reading
C:memorizing, listening, and reading
D:memorizing, listening and relaxingIf a snake bites you, take a photo with your mobile phone! It save your life. This is the surprising advice of a British cook. One day Henry Jackson was working in a restaurant kitchen. He picked up a dish from a table, and suddenly a snake appeared and bit him on the hand. A few days earlier, the snake came to the restaurant from Asia in a box of bananas. It climbed out of the box and hid under the dish. " I tried to pick it up and it bit me. I threw it away, but it landed in the fridge. So I closed the door." Jackson said. Anyway, Jackson was cool and he took a photo of the snake with his mobile phone. Soon his hand began to ache and he went to hospital. Then his chest began to hurt. Doctors couldn't say what was wrong because they didn't know what kind of snake it was.
Then Jackson remembered his mobile phone photo. The doctors sent it to London Zoo. When they knew the kind of snake, they could give Jackson the right medicine, and he left hospital the next day. " So my advice is this: If a snake bits you, pick up your phone. Take its photo first and then call the hospital. Show the photo to the doctors," suggests Mr. Jackson. " Oh, and if the snake doesn't smile for its photo, don't worry!"
The question is: The doctors gave Mr. Jackson the right medicine when  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:London Zoo told them what kind of snake it was
B:Mr. Jackson sent the photo to the hospital
C:he left hospital the next day
D:the snake bit himI was twenty years old, and my parents were looking forward to the day when I would be earning my own living. Unfortunately, I had absolutely no idea what I wanted my future occupation to be. The only thing I did know was that I did not want to spend the next 45 years teaching, being a nurse or sitting in an office. But that was before the postman delivered a catalogue   of courses that were being offered at the local college. As I looked through it, I was attracted by a page that talked about the difficulties faced by deaf people in their everyday lives and how students could help by learning sign language. It went on to say that graduates of the course usually find work in different organizations, such as law companies, the Stock Exchange, insurance companies and banks. Then I saw something that really caught my eye: "Singer" are also needed for sporting events, concerts, theatrical performances and, believe it or not, circuses! By the time I got to the bottom of the page, I knew I had found the perfect occupation.
I enrolled   on the course, which to my parents' great delight was free of charge. The course was brilliant. My favourite part was the final lesson, when our teacher asked us to sign our favourite song. It was really difficult because not only did we have to sign the words, but we also had to find a way of showing whether the song was happy or sad and whether the beat was slow or fast. It was the hardest thing I have ever done--but also the most rewarding.
The question is: The only thing the writer knew that she  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:was too old to find a job as a teacher
B:wanted to work as a nurse in a hospital
C:had never liked being in a teacher's office
D:would not get a job until she was at least 45A young man was getting ready for graduation. He always wanted a beautiful sports car, and he told his father this. On the morning of his graduation, his father called him into his study. His father told him how proud he was to have such a fine son, and told him how much he loved him. He handed his son a beautiful box. The young man was disappointed when he opened the box and found a book. He shouted angrily,"With all your money you give me a book?"and rushed out of the house.
Many years passed and the young man was very successful in business. He had a beautiful home and a wonderful family, but he realized his father was very old and thought he should go to see him. Before he made a visit, he got a call telling him his father had passed away .He was also told his father had given all his _ to him. When he arrived at his father's house, sadness filled his heart.
He began to see his father's important papers and saw the still new book. With tears, he opened the book and began to turn the pages. As he read the words, a car key dropped from an envelope in the book. It was the key to a sports car.
The question is: The young man wanted his father to buy him a  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:book
B:sports T-shirt
C:sports car
D:cellphoneIt's a sunny and warm Sunday morning. My parents, my sister and I are all at home. My parents don't have to go to work, and my sister and I don't have to go to school. We are all in the yard  . Look! My father is cleaning his bike. He often goes to work by bike. The bike ride takes him about ten minutes. My mother is watering the flowers. The flowers make our yard very beautiful. We all like the flowers. My sister is playing with a dog. It's her pet dog. The dog is very smart. My mother often takes the dog out for a walk after dinner. What am I doing? I'm drawing. I like drawing very much. I want to join the art club at school.
It's a nice day and we're busy in the yard. We are very happy today!
.
The question is: How many people are there in the family?
The possible answers are:
A:Three.
B:Four.
C:Five.
D:Six.Each country has its favourite food. In some countries, people eat rice every day. They often eat it with meat, fish and vegetables. Japanese eat a lot of fish, and they eat a lot of rice , too. In England , the favourite food is fried fish and French fries. In the USA people like hamburgers a lot. And they like to have cold drinks. In Canada, people eat bread with butter on it. In India, people like to eat hot food. Some people eat only fruit and vegetables. They don't like to eat meat and fish. They think green food is good for them.
The question is: Japanese like to eat   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:bread
B:rice
C:fish
D:rice and fishGail Mirabella works as a dog trainer for a circus  . She used to train her dogs to do _ when she was a kid. Finally, her hobby turned into her job. Several days ago, she talked to Time Magazine reporter, Cameron Young, about her love for dogs.
Reporter: Did you always want to be a dog trainer in a circus?
Mirabella: When I was a little kid, I did my first dog show, a kid's dog show. And I took first place  . From then on, I knew I wanted to work with dogs, but who would know I'd be in a circus?
Reporter: Did you have any dogs growing up?
Mirabella: Of course. I had a white dog when I was a little baby. Three years later, it died. And then we got two family dogs. On my fourteenth birthday, my uncle bought me a dog. It was a big dog.
Reporter: How long does it take you to train a dog, one month, half a year or one year?
Mirabella: That depends on the dog. I have thirteen dogs and I let them all play together, but I do a lot of special work with each dog. They know I am their owner because I do all the feeding.
Reporter: If you aren't a dog trainer, what will you be?
Mirabella: A dog. Just joking. I will probably still work with animals.
The question is: Who bought Mirabella a dog for her 14th birthday?
The possible answers are:
A:Her grandpa's brother.
B:Her brother.
C:Her father's brother.
D:Her cousin.If we are driving a car or crossing a street, we will stop when the traffic lights turn red. Why do we use red rather than other colors?
As we know, scattering   happens when light goes through the air. For the same media, if the wavelength   is long, the scattering will be short. If the wavelength is short, then the scattering will be long.
Of all light we can see red has the longest wavelength, so the scattering is the weakest. That means the red light travels far. In fact, it travels farther on rainy days.
Using the red light can help drivers in farther areas see the lights. It helps drivers slow down or stop in time. If drivers don't see the red light until they are close, they may not be able to stop the car in time. An accident may happen. Red can also excite people. We can act more quickly when we see the color red.
In a word, red light helps drivers stop in time and help prevent accidents.
The question is: _   has the longest wavelength of all light we can see.
The possible answers are:
A:Red
B:Green
C:Yellow
D:BlackNovember 9 is a time for us to learn a lot more about fire . This is what to do in a fire:
1.Shout out. Shout as loudly as you can, because people may be asleep.
2.Call 119. Never try to put out a fire yourself. Tell 119 where you are and what is on fire.
3.Keep down close to the floor. There is less smoke down there, so it's easier to breathe and see where you are going.
4.Test the door. If the door is cool, open it carefully. If the door is hot, do not open it! Try to find a different way out.
5.Get out. Do not stop to pick up anything. A fire can become very big in a few seconds!
6.Don't use the lift. Always use the stairs. The lift may go wrong and keep you inside.
7.Don't go back .Even if you have left your pet or favorite toy inside, do not go back for it. Animals have a very good sense of smell. They often get out of buildings before people.
The question is: According to the passage, when something is on fire, you must   _  at once.
The possible answers are:
A:look for your pet
B:telephone 119
C:call 120
D:put out the fire yourselfChen Kai is a Chinese boy. He is a student. He is 13 years old. He lives in Guangzhou. Chen Kai likes _ . Now he receives  a letter from Sam, his pen pal in America. The letter is in English. Sam is 14 and he is a student, too. He speaks English very well. In the letter, Sam says he wants to visit China and study some Chinese.
,.
The question is: Sam is Chen Kai's   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:classmate
B:pen pal
C:brother
D:teacherFrank was clever, but he never liked to work hard. He often said to his friends, "If you work hard, you will make a lot of money, but it is not so good. I want easy work and a lot of money. That's the most interesting thing in the world."So he could only be a thief. But he still thought it was too much work, so he only told his friends what to do and got money from them.
One day, Frank sent one of his friends to a very large and beautiful house. He told him to get money from that rich family. It was evening, and a man and a girl were in the room. They were playing a duet on a piano. Then the thief came into the house.
When he returned, Frank asked him what he had got. But he said, "I didn't take anything. That family can't have much money. You know, two people were playing on the same piano there. They did not have money to buy another piano."
The question is: From the story we know that Frank  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:was more clever than most of the people
B:had many clever friends
C:didn't want to do any work
D:knew many interesting things in the worldJeans have become one piece of clothing worn by the most people in the world. Everybody wears them, from the farmer to the lawyer and from models to housewives. But why have jeans become so popular?You'll get many answers. For some people they look cool, for others jeans are just comfortable.
Jeans were first stronger trousers made for farm workers in the states of the American west. In the eastern part of the US jeans were hardly worn at all. They were connected with farm people and the workers. So the rich wouldn't like to wear them.
It was James Dean and Marlon Brando that made them popular in movies and everyone started to wear them. They were a symbol of the _ of young people during the 1950s and 1960s. So these new trousers were not allowed in American schools and sometimes in theatres and cinemas. As time went on,jeans became more acceptable. American people in Europe and Japan often wore them when they were not on duty to show that they were Americans. The trousers showed the world a happier way of life, something that people needed, especially after what they had gone through in World War II.
Jeans had other advantages as well. They didn't need to be washed as often as other trousers and women didn't need to iron them. This became more important as more and more women started working and had less time for housework.
Today jeans are an important part of our lives. They are always washed a few times before they are sold to give them a faded look.
The question is: From the passage, we can know that James Dean and Marlon Brando were_.
The possible answers are:
A:film stars
B:Jeans makers
C:young students
D:farmers or workersJohn: Here's a good shop. Shall we buy mother's birthday present here?
Mary: Yes, that's a good idea. Shall we go inside?
Tom: No. Let's look in the window. Shall we buy her a sweater?
Anne: Er, no. It'll soon be summer. Let's buy her a blouse to wear. There's a nice one in the window.
John: No, she has two blouses. Let's buy a ring.
Mary: Oh, no! They're diamond rings. Look at the price. The cheapest is $15.
John: A real diamond ring is at least $500.They only look like diamonds.
Tom: Shall we buy a table? It's only $15.
Anne: It doesn't look good, just like a big box. Mum likes chairs.
Tom: But they haven't any here.
Mary: What about a pen? So cheap! Only $10.
John: She has a lot of pens and pencils. All of them are new.
Tom: Oh, look here. These flowers are beautiful.
Mary: They aren't real and will never die.
John: And they're the cheapest of all these things. Yes, let's buy them.
Anne: All right.
The question is: Who wants to buy a blouse but not a sweater?
The possible answers are:
A:John.
B:Anne.
C:Tom.
D:Mary.A young American doctor was sleeping when suddenly his doorbell began to ring. It was already midnight, but what could the doctor do? He had to get up, put on his coat and go downstairs. When he opened the door, he saw a man standing with a hat in his hand. "How do you do?" said the man. "Can you come at once to a place out of town? It's quite far but you have a car and I can show you the way."
"Certainly," said the doctor. "I'm quite ready. I can come at once." After a few minutes the car was standing at the front door, the man got into the doctor's car, and they drove off. They drove on for a long time. Then the man said, "Here we are. This is my home. Now I can pay you and you can go back to the town."
"I must see the patient. How can I go back without seeing the patient?"
"There is no patient," explained the man. "Nobody is ill. I live here, you see, and I must get home from a town, There are no taxis this time of the night, but a doctor often _ , so excuse me. Here is money. Thank you, doctor. Good night."
,.
The question is: What did the man ask the doctor to do?
The possible answers are:
A:to go out for a walk
B:to go to a place in the town
C:to play
D:to go to a place out of townGreen tea is the best choice for office workers.
People who always work in places with air conditioning may face skin problems such as easily dry skin. Among all the drinks, green tea is the best choice. Because there are important things in green tea and they are often called catechins . Moreover, drinking more green tea can prevent computer radiation .
Winter is the season to drink black tea.
Chinese medicine believes that different people should drink different tea based on the different characteristics and tastes of each kind of tea. Black tea can warm the stomach and quicken digestion . Therefore, drinking warm black tea in the cold winter is a most _ choice.
Do not drink strong tea.
Strong tea may make the body far too excited and can badly affect the cardiovascular  as well as the nervous system . For a person who has problem with these parts, to drink overly   strong tea may cause heart and blood pressure illness, or even make the old illnesses much worse.
Do not drink too much tea when you are eating.
Drinking too much tea or strong thick tea may not be good for taking in many constant elements and trace elements . Also, people should not drink tea with milk or other milky food.
,.
The question is: Too much thick tea may cause   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:skin problems
B:heart disease
C:headache
D:stomachacheIn England, people don't often talk much. You can get on a bus or a train,and everyone sits looking out of the window.
Often they read books and papers, but they don't talk much. When you meet English people they often talk about one thing--weather  . So when you meet somebody in England, you can say, "Nice weather for the time of year!" "But it is a little cold today," somebody may answer. "But it will be a little warmer later,"you can say. Talk like this, and the English people will think," How friendly you are !"
The question is: From the passage we know when you meet English people, you can say like this:   _
The possible answers are:
A:How do you do?
B:How are you?
C:Nice weather!
D:Nice to meet you!Amy had three sons, Dave, Bill and Bob. Every year her sons sent her expensive gifts on her birthday.
The eldest son Dave had a lot of money and he wanted his mother to have the most expensive gifts, but he didn't know what to buy. So he put an ad   in the newspaper. " Wanted ---- the greatest gift for my mother."
About a week before his mother's birthday, a man came to his office. He brought a big bird. This bird can speak six languages and sing eight songs," the man said."
".Really? I'd like to listen to it, " Dave said.
The man made the bird talk in French and tell a joke in Japanese. Then the bird sang a beautiful song. Dave was very happy and paid eight thousands dollars for the bird. The next day Dave sent the bird his mother with a birthday card.
The day after his mother's birthday he called his mother, " Well, mother," he asked, " What do you think of the bird?"
" Oh, it's very delicious, dear," said his mother.
The question is: _   was the eldest son.
The possible answers are:
A:Bob
B:Bill
C:Dave
D:AmyWhen you're having a holiday, one of the main questions to ask is which hotel or apartment to choose. However, when it comes to France, you have another special choice: treehouses.
In France, treehouses are offered to travelers as a new choice in many places. The price may be a little higher, but you do have a chance to _ your childhood memories.
Alain Laurens, one of France's top treehouse designers, said, "Most of the people might have the experience of building a den   when they were young. And they like that feeling of freedom when they are children."
Its fairy-tale style gives travelers a special feeling. It seems as if they are living as a forest king and enjoying the fresh air in the morning.
Another kind of treehouse is the "star cube". It gives travelers the chance of looking at the stars shining in the sky when they are going to sleep. Each "star cube" not only offers all the comfortable things that a hotel provides for travelers, but also gives them a chance to look for stars by using a telescope. The glass roof allows you to look at the stars from your bed.
,.
The question is: What can we learn from the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:The priceof a treehouse is as high as that of a hotel.
B:The traveler will become the forest king in the treehouse.
C:There's a telescope in all the rooms of the treehouse.
D:The "star cube" can offer comfortable things as a hotel does."Mind your own business." we're told."Don't talk about others behind their backs."The problem with this advice is that,not only is it unrealistic,it's also counterproductive .
Common sense holds that gossip hurts people's feelings and damages relationships.But recent research shows the opposite--that strong communities and relationships between people would be impossible without gossip.
Gossip is a way for people to let you know the limits of social behavior."If you move into a community and your neighbor tells you how the former homeowner never dealt with his rubbish properly,his gossip is letting you in on something,"says Dr.Ralph Rosnow of Temple University."Gossip says:these are the boundaries and you are crossing them.You're not _ the rules and you'd better get back in line." Seen this way,gossip is a way to communicate criticism without conflict ,giving you a chance to change your behavior without losing face.
On the other hand,what about ill-willed gossip,the kind that puts other people down? Gossip is hearing something we like about someone we don't and,in nearly every country in the world,gossip magazines have huge numbers of readers.According to researchers,however,this kind of gossip also has a good side because it helps us put our own problems in perspective ."If we read bad news about well-known people,or get the frightful details of our neighbors' bad situation over a cup of coffee,our own problems begin to pale in comparison ,"says Dr.Jack Levin of Northeastern University.
However,that doesn't mean that gossip is necessarily a good thing,either.Researchers found that people who gossip a lot tend to feel like they're under a lot of stress.This might be because while they're busy talking about other people,they're also busy thinking what other people are saying about them.
The question is: According to the passage,people in general think that  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:it's a bad habit to gossip
B:nobody pays attention to gossip
C:not all the gossip you hear is worth believing
D:it's necessary to have a nice gossip with a friend or neighborEarthquakes can be very scary . But you need to keep your mind stable   in order to make sure you are safe. Be calm and try not to run here and there.
If you manage to come out of your house, go to an open space like a garden or a park where you will be a lot safer. If you live quite some floors above in your building, try to find a place near a bulky  object such as a bed. Curl up   and sit on the floor and make sure you are not near a window, fireplace, gas stove and so on. Remember don't use lifts or escalators.
Some people say you should stand on a doorway. That is not true. If the doorway jambs   are weak, they might fall on you. Also if people want to pass through that door, you may stop them. Leave all doorways free.
Another important thing to keep in mind is that you mustn't climb down the stairs during an Earthquake. If the tremors   stop, after a few seconds, just climb down the stairs as quickly as you can and move out of the building, but don't run.
Earthquakes usually destroy gas pipes and electrical wires. Turn off the main gas. And don't light candles or lighters and create an even bigger disaster.
If you're driving and feel a shake, stop your car at the side of the road and get out. Make sure you are not on a bridge. Bridges and overhead roads   have the biggest danger of falling.
The question is: It can be learned from the passage that  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:keeping calm in time of earthquake is very important.
B:measures should be taken to make buildings stronger.
C:Knowledge of first aid must be used in an earthquake.
D:lots of things must be done to survive an earthquake.Beijing Opera is also called Peking Opera.. It came into being after 1790 when the famous four  Anhui opera troupe  came to Beijing. Its music and singing  came from Xipi and Er-huang in Anhui and Hubei. Its costtumes are all fascinating and artistic.It is the highest expression of the Chinese culture. It's full of famous stories , beautiful facial paintings, and wonderful gestures and fighting. This kind of opera is very popular with Chinese people.
There are four main roles in Beijing Opera: Sheng ,Dan, Jing and Chou. Sheng is the leading male  actor. For example , a Wusheng is a soldier or fighter .A Xiaosheng is a young man . A Laosheng is the comedy actor or clown.Dan is the female  role .  Jing,mostly male , is the face-painted role and Chou is the comedy actor or clown.
Stories in Beijing Opera are very intetesting . Some of them are from the history book ,but most of them are from the literature , especially famous novels . The people in the story usually have some disagreements. They become angry and uhappy . They are sad and lonely . Sometimes they are nervous and worried. Then they find a way to make peace . The stories usually end with happiness and lunghter and people are all happy in the end.
The question is: What role is Sheng ?
The possible answers are:
A:the eading male actor
B:the female role
C:the comedy actor or clown.
D:the face-painted roleOnline shopping is growing fast in China, and more and more Chinese are buying books online. At the same time, traditional bookstores are facing new challenges. A bookstore in Beijing is going out of business . All of its books are on sale. Bookstore owner Wang Jian says hot sales of books on the Internet pushed him to change the way he did business.
China has the highest online book buying rate in the world. More than years ago, dangdang.com became the first online bookseller, and now becomes very important in the Chinese online book market.
Facing this challenge, the Xinhua Bookstore also built its online store a few years ago. Zhang Jian, CEO of the Xinhuabookstore.com, says now they are enlarging their online services.
A "price war "is taking shape between traditional bookstores and online bookstores. Faced with the low-cost advantage of online bookstores, traditional ones can do nothing but lower their prices. At the same time, online bookstores are also starting price wars between each other.
Now some traditional bookstores are trying their best to attract buyers in their own way. They exhibit books better and provide  a very relaxed reading environment in the bookstore. Even though, traditional bookstores can hardly compete with some of the advantages of online bookstores, for example 24-hour service.
The question is: We can know from the passage that  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:traditional bookstores will break up sooner or later
B:dangdang. com is the first website selling books in China
C:more and more people will start bookstores on the Internet
D:most of the buyers who buy books online are young studentsMany years ago, when I was working as a volunteer at a hospital, I got to know a little girl named Lisa. The poor little girl had a very serious disease and was dying. The doctor had done his best but no medicine really worked. The only chance to save her seemed to be a blood transfusion  from her five-year-old brother. The little boy had the same disease before and had developed the antibodies  to fight the illness.
The doctor talked to the little boy about what they planned to do, and asked him if he would be willing to give his blood to his sister. I saw him hesitate  for a moment. He took a deep breath and said, "Yes, I'll do it if it can save Lisa."
As the transfusion was going on, the little boy lay quietly in bed next to his sister. He looked at her and smiled all the time. When everything was done and the colour returned to his sister's face, his smile disappeared and he looked a little afraid. He looked up at the doctor and asked, " Will I start to die now?"
He was too young to understand the doctor. He thought he would have to give all his blood to his sister, but he agreed.
The question is: The writer still remember the story many years later   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:because the little girl had a very strange disease
B:because the sister and brother had the same disease
C:because the doctor saved the little girl's life
D:because of what the boy did for his sisterWhat can we learn from the special, very successful people in the world who make the impossible possible?
Lesson 1: Ways of creative thinking are needed
Bill Gates and Mark Zuckerberg both dropped out of college. They prefer to teach themselves because they like to develop their own ways of thinking. They think standard ways of teaching might stop people from being creative and having new ideas.
Lesson 2: The answer might not be what you expect
Find your answers from facts -- not start with an expectation of what you will find. Stephen Jacobsen from Northwestern University believed what he was taught: that water on Earth came from icy comets  or planets which hit into Earth.
However, by studying a special rock, he discovered that it acts like a sponge . This suggests that Earth's water may have come from inside, driven to the surface to form the oceans, by geological activity.
"I had a pretty hard time making others believe it," he said. "But thinking about the fact that you may the first person to see something for the first time doesn't happen very often. When it does, it's amazing."
 _ 
Years of planning went into a recent achievement in space travel. The European Space Agency's "Philae", a robot landing craft, met up with Comet 67P, which is 480 million kilometers away. The trip from Earth by "Philae" had taken ten years!
The scientists had no idea what the surface of the comet would be like. If the landing failed, it would be impossible to get information from the spacecraft. Twenty years of work would have been wasted.
When "Philae" tried to land, it bounced  away from the comet's icy surface twice. Luckily, however, "Philae" landed successfully and began sending information back to Earth.
The question is: In Lesson 2, the writer mainly wants to tell us that   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:we should get answers from facts
B:we can believe what we are taught
C:it's hard to make others believe something
D:an expectation can help get an answer in research2016 is the Year of the Monkey. Monkeys are so smart and cute, and so many people like them. They have become a part of culture. Here are some stories to help you learn more about them.
New stamps for the year
The China Post Group made special stamps for the year. They made two styles. On the first one, a monkey hangs on a branch , holding a big red peach. This means to give luck to people. On the other stamp, a mother monkey holds two monkey babies in her arms. It shows the happy reunion  of families. The monkey stamps were for sale on Jan.5th.
Monkey show
In China, there is an ancient drama called Monkey Show. It tells the story of Monkey King. When actors perform, they will paint "monkey faces" with colors. Red is the main color. Interestingly, they don't draw eyebrows .
Influence on personality
In Chinese culture, the monkey is a symbol of wisdom. Those who were born in the Year of the Monkey are said to be smart and outgoing. They are also said to have strong leadership and social skills. They can solve all kinds of problems in life and be kind to others.
Fun Fact
Did you know? The world's smallest monkey is the finger monkey. It is only 10cm tall. They live in the Amazon rainforest   of South America. Amazingly, they can turn their heads 180 degrees.
The question is: Which of the following is TRUE according to the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:Actors learn how to paint "monkey faces" from Monkey Show.
B:Those born in the Year of the Monkey are thought to be friendly.
C:Stories about the Year of the Monkey is the culture of many countries.
D:The finger monkey which is 180cm tall is the smallest in the world.Most people want to be happy, but few know how to find happiness. Money and success alone do not bring lasting happiness. Aristotle, a Greek thinker, said, "Happiness depends upon ourselves." In other words, we make our own happiness.
Here are a few suggestions to help you be happier.
The first secret of happiness is to enjoy the simple things in life. Too often, we spend so much time thinking about the future --for example, getting into college or getting a good job --that we fail to enjoy the present. You should enjoy life's simple pleasures, such as reading a good book, listening to your favorite music, or spending time with close friends. People who have several close friends often live happier and healthier lives.
Another secret to living a happy life is to be active, and have hobbies where you forget your problems and time. Many people experience this dancing, or playing a sport, such as swimming. You can forget about your problems, and only think about the activity.
Finally, many people find happiness in helping others. Studies show that people feel good when they spend their time helping others. If you want to feel happier, do good things for someone. You can help a friend with his or her studies, go shopping to buy food for an elderly person, or simply help out around the house by washing the dishes.
,
The question is: The writer thinks that   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:everyone knows how to live a happier life
B:it's wrong to spend time on work
C:hobbies take up too much time
D:doing good things for someone can make you happierAn old man lived in a nice house with a large garden. He took care of his flowers all the time, watering and fertilizing them.
One day a young man went by the garden. He looked at the beautiful flowers, imagining how happy he could be if he lived in such a beautiful place. Then ,suddenly he found the old gardener was blind. He was very surprised about this and asked,"You can't see these flowers. "Why are you busy taking care of them every day?"
The old man smiled and said ,"I can tell you four reasons. First, I was a gardener when I was young, and I really like this job. Second, although I can't see these flowers, I can touch them. Third, I can smell the sweetness of them. As to the last one, that's you."
"Me? But you don't know me."said the young man.
"Yeah, it's true that I don't know you. But I know that flowers are angels that everybody knows. We enjoy the happiness these flowers have brought us."
The blind man's work opened our eyes and pleased our hearts, which also made his life happier. It was just like Beethoven, who became deaf in his later life and wrote many great musical works. Beethoven himself couldn't hear his wonderful music, but his music has encouraged millions of people to face their difficulties bravely. Isn't it a kind of happiness?
The question is: What is the best title of the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:The beautiful flowers.
B:Beethoven's life.
C:The blind and The deaf.
D:One kind of Happiness.Two men from different worlds -- a BuzzFeed editor  from New York and a man in southern China known as "Orange Brother" -- have been friends after social media  helped them know each other over a stolen iPhone.
The story of a guy named Matt in New York City who had his iPhone stolen last year has become famous on Chinese social media. Matt said his phone was stolen from a bar in the East Village last February. He bought a new phone and carried on with his life. It wasn't until this January, however, that he was going through his photo stream and noticed tons of photos that weren't his, including several pictures of an unknown man posing next to an orange tree. More photos of food menus, fireworks and something strange kept appearing in his photo stream in the following days.
Matt later learned that his phone, stolen almost a year ago, had ended up in China and that the new owner was still logged  into his iCloud account .
After Matt wrote about the cross-seas connection on BuzzFeed, a web user translated it and posted it to Weibo. He started getting tons of attention from people in China about the story. They thought it was romantic like a fairy tale and perfect for the spirit of the Spring Festival.
In typical Chinese netizen -fashion, they were able to track down the information of "Orange Brother". He lived in Meizhou, Guangdong province. Web users loved this, and urged Matt to come to China and connect with his "long-lost brother".
Orange brother made the first move. "Matt, I welcome you to come to Meizhou and try some local food," he said on Weibo, China's micro blogging platform. That post was "liked" over 12,000 times. Matt quickly accepted. Matt began learning Chinese, while Brother Orange posted videos of himself learning English. But when they finally met, the smiles and hugs said it all.
The question is: Which of the following is TRUE?
The possible answers are:
A:Matt himself translated his story into Chinese and posted it to Weibo.
B:Orange Brother urged Chinese netizens to look for the owner of the iPhone.
C:Orange Brother is the new owner of the iPhone that used to belong to Matt.
D:They didn't meet each other until last February.John moved into a new house. He was very happy. He had an old cat and a young cat. He liked them very much, He thought, "I must let my cat go in and out of my house when I'm not at home." He had an idea.
One day, a friend came to see him and saw two holes  in his door. One is big, the other is small.
"My dear friend," he said, "It's a very nice house, but why are two holes in your door of the new house?"
"To let the cat in and out, of course." John said.
"But why are there two holes? Is one hole all right?"
"How can a big cat go through the little hole?" said John.
"That's right. But can't a little cat go through  a big hole?" The friend laughed.
The question is: Which one is right?
The possible answers are:
A:John thought clearly before he made the holes.
B:John liked the small cat better, so he made a small hole for it when there was a big hole.
C:John thought his idea was right before his friend asked him.
D:John doesn't like his cats.When I was young, my parents always told me that I should never talk to strangers. They told me it was dangerous. But now could we make new friends if we were like that ?
And then, how can we break ice? Don't just look at your shoes. Go and say "Hi" to the person before you. It will easier to break the ice if you know more about different cultures.
British: Beautiful, isn't it ?
The weather in Britain changes often. So, people often talk about it . Remember to say "yes" when others say this to you. It's just a start of a friendly talk, not real question.
French: Where did you go on holiday?
To talk with a French person, the safest way is to ask his or her last holiday. French students enjoy a 10-to-15-day holiday every two months. French employees  get more than six weeks of holidays every year.
American: So, Where are you from?
The US is so big and people move so often. You can try to find something about the place they are form to talk about. For example, you could say, "Oh, I have a friend studying your city".
The question is: To talk with a French person, the safest way is to talk about   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:his or her family
B:His or her work
C:his or her friends
D:his or her last holidayDo you know Eskimos? Let me tell you something about their lives.
Eskimos live near the North Pole .There are only two seasons there, winter and summer.
There is no spring or autumn there. The winter nights are long. You can't see the sun for more than two months, even at midday. The summer days are long. For more than two months, the sun never goes down and there's no night.
Eskimos have warm clothes. They make their clothes from the skins of animals. From skins  they make coats, caps and shoes.
Near the North Pole trees can't grow, for it is too cold there. The Eskimos have to make their houses from skins, snow or stone. When they got out in storms and can't get back home, they make houses of snow. They leave these houses when the storm is over.
Life is hard for the Eskimos, but they still like to live there.
The question is: Near the North Pole there are   _   in a year.
The possible answers are:
A:two seasons--winter and summer
B:two seasons - spring and autumn
C:four seasons
D:two seasons sometimes and four seasons sometimesZhang Ming, a college student from Shandong, created a 9-page "WeChat guide". With drawings and simple words, the step-by-step guide explains how to send messages, take pictures and make video calls. Zhang made the guide for his parents. "My parents are getting old. They need an easy way to learn how to use new technology." He said.
Zhang's experience is common nowadays. Worldwide, 40 percent of parents learn about new technologies, including computers, mobile Internet and social media, from their children, according to a study from the International Communication Association in 2014.
Parents used to teach their kids about almost everything. Now for the first time, the teachers become the students, and the students turn into the teachers.
The change of roles comes from the rapid development of society and technology, says Zhou Xiaohong, a sociology professor from Nanjing University. Zhou said the Internet and other forms of media give children ways to get information besides from asking older generations . Therefore, in the age of information, it's possible that children know more than their parents do.
According to the China Internet Network Information Center(CINIC), 56.7 percent of Internet users and 67.2 percent of social media users in China are under the age of 30. The younger generation usually acts as a _ between their family and the new environment. But when they teach their parents new technologies, parents can connect to the new world by themselves, noted Zhou.
In Zhang Ming's eyes, teaching his parents about WeChat brings him closer to his parents. "People can communicate more by using new technology. Why should we keep our parents out?" said Zhang.
The question is: Why does children know more than their parents do nowadays?
The possible answers are:
A:Because parents teach the children about almost everything.
B:Because children can ask more older generations for help.
C:Because parents are getting old.
D:Because children can get more information by using new technoloies.Hi, friends. I'm Chen Zhaoli. My English name is Sandy. I'm 13 years old. Now I'm at Blackwood Middle School in England. My English teacher is Mandy. She is not English. She is from Canada.
In my class, my good friend is Connie Green. Do you want to know her? Connie is 11 years old. Her father's name is Bill. And her mother's name is Lisa. Her parents are teachers at school. She has a brother and a sister. They are Josh and Molie.
The question is: Chen Zhaoli is in  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:England
B:China
C:the USA
D:CanadaPenguins live together, but each pair has a little piece of ground of their own. When a penguin wants to walk through its neighbor's ground, it must ask for permission . If it does not, it will have to fight. Penguins come and go all day. They fight for fish and look after their children.
All penguins are good parents--the male penguins are perhaps the best parents in the world. They choose their wives in the dark They can only hear them--not see them. Then the female penguins lay their eggs and go away for about two months. The males look after the eggs. If the eggs get cold, there will be no chicks. There is no food. The snow falls and the wind blows--sometimes at 150 kilometers an hour. The penguins do not move.
When the females return from the sea, they will not remember their husbands. It doesn't matter. Only one thing-- their eggs. Male penguins never fight--unless a penguin leaves a chick for a minute. Then they fight because they all want it. They are strange and wonderful birds.
The question is: It seems interesting and unusual that the male penguins choose their wives   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:when the female penguins return from the sea
B:just by hearing in the darkness
C:each time they see their lovely females
D:after they have had their own groundsHello, my name is Mike.I am from England. I am a new student in Jason School. I am in Class 2, Grade 1. I go to school 5 days a week and there are 6 classes a day. There are 25 students in my class. I am very happy to meet them. English is my favorite lesson. Miss Green is my English teacher. She is 27 years old. I like having her class. There is a computer in my classroom. Miss Green likes playing English songs on the computer in her class and we like these songs. Now I can sing many English songs. There are some pictures in the classroom because some students like drawing pictures and they draw very well. I like my classroom and my new school. Welcome to my school!
The question is: Mike is a   _   in Jason School.
The possible answers are:
A:student
B:teacher
C:doctor
D:workerAlan is in Class Two,Grade Seven.He is l2.His English teacher is Mr. Smith.He is English.His daughter is Helen.She is l3.Alan and Helen are good friends.They like English.This is Helen's school ID card.Its number is A-270789.Is that Alan's school ID card? No.He can't find his school ID card.If you find it,please call Alan at 346--2828.Thank you!
The question is: Alan's   _   number is 346--2828.
The possible answers are:
A:phone
B:ID card
C:school ID card
D:bookDo you like dogs? Do you know the following things about dogs?
The first pet dog
Dogs are meat-eating animals. They belonged to the family of wolves   a long time ago. About 15,000 years ago, people started keeping wolves for hunting  . Over the time, the wolves began to look like dogs and they became people's pets.
What a dog looks like
Dogs come in different sizes, colors and shapes, but they're the same in some ways. All kinds of dogs have a set of forty-two strong teeth for eating. They have sharp claws   at the end of their feet for digging up soil   and holding onto the ground when they walk. They have very good eyesight. They also have high ability   to hear and smell.
How a dog grows
A mother dog gives birth to one to twelve babies at a time. New-born baby dogs cannot see or hear until they are two weeks old. The mother dog gives the baby dogs milk. When they are four weeks old, they start eating soft food. When they're eight weeks, the baby dogs have very strong legs and they can go for long walks.
How to read a dog's feelings
Dogs act differently when they have different feelings. When a dog is angry, it opens its mouth and shows its teeth. When a dog is frightened, it lowers its ears and holds its tail   between its legs. A happy dog always wags   its tail.
,. (10)
The question is: What can the sharp claws of dogs be used for according to the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:Climbing a tree.
B:Looking for food.
C:Digging up soil.
D:Fighting against other animals.This is a picture of a classroom. The classroom is big and clean. You can see a teacher's desk, five desks and six chairs. You can see a girl and a boy, too.
Three books are on the teacher's desk. A pencil box is on the desk. Two pens and two rulers are in the pencil box. A schoolbag is under a chair. A ball is on the floor. The girl is Linda; she is 11. The boy is Mike, he is 12. They are in Class Two, Grade one. They are friends. Their teacher is Miss Green. She is not here.
The question is: Mike and Linda are  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:teacher and student
B:brother and sister
C:cousins
D:friendsCome to Austria
Soll is a village in the mountains in western Austria. And the Post Hotel is clean and not expensive. It is opened by a local family. From the hotel you can see the whole village, the forests and the mountains. Temperatures in summer are usually 20degC to 25degC in the daytime, but much cooler by evening.
Enjoy Thailand
When you visit Bangkok in Thailand, don't miss the early morning river boat trip to the Floating  Market outside the city. There you will find many kinds of fruits and vegetables. And you can pay for them when you sit in your boat. Don't forget your hat: the sun can be strong and it may be as hot as 40degC at noon.
Visit Hawaii!
Maybe the most beautiful place in  Hawaii is Kauai. You can visit its long, sandy beaches in the south and west of the island, and mountains and forests in the north, but don't be surprised if it rains in the centre of the island. Daytime temperatures there are usually around 24degC to 26degC by the sea, and only a little cooler by late evening.
The question is: The advertisements above are about   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:shopping
B:food
C:travel
D:hotelsSue is a middle school student.Here are her holiday's diaries.
Tuesday July 15   Sunny
I can't believe my trip is over.I arrived in Egypt two weeks ago!I was with a group from a university .We went to the desert and learned a lot.I was tired,but I loved every minute of my trip.
Saturday August 5  Windy
My Hawaiian vacation just ended,and I was very relaxed!I spent five days on traveling there.Every day I took a walk,played basketball and ate good food.I also went swimming and snorkeling .I felt fantastic!
Sunday August 14      Sunny
Alaska is terrific!I was on a trip in the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge.There were six people on the trip.We hiked for six days.Then we took rafts to the Arctic Ocean.I saw a lot of wildlife .After ten days,I went home.
The question is: Where did Sue stay the longest?
The possible answers are:
A:In Egypt.
B:In Hawaii.
C:In Alaska.
D:In Hawaii and Alaska.Many daily American expressions are based (......) on colours.
Red is a hot colour. Americans often use it to represent heat. When they say "red-hot", that means they are very angry about something. Loud music is popular with many people. Some may say that such music is red-hot.
Pink is a lighter kind of red. People sometimes say "I'm in the pink" when they are in good health. The expression was first used in America at the beginning of the 20th century. It probably comes from the fact that many babies are born with a nice pink colour that shows that they are in good health.
Blue is a cool colour. The old Blues music in the United States is the opposite of red-hot music. Blues is slow and sad. Someone who is "blue" is very sad.
The colour green is natural for trees and grass. But it is an unnatural colour for humans. A person who has an upset stomach may say "I'm feeling a bit green". A person on a boat who is feeling very sick from high waves can be said "look very green". Sometimes a person may be very jealous because he does not have anything as nice as someone has, like a fast new car. That person may say "I'm green with envy". Some people are green with envy because someone has more dollars or "greenbacks". Dollars are called greenbacks in American slangs because that is the colour of the bottom of their bank notes.
The colour black is used often in expressions. People may say "it's a black day" when everything goes wrong on that day.
In some cases, colours describe a situation. _ were common during the World War II. All the lights in a city were turned off at night to make it difficult for enemy planes to find their aims in the dark.
The question is: Which of the following sentences is TRUE, according to the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:People in the USA use the colour black to express heat.
B:If you are blue, you are very happy.
C:Blue and red are both warm colours.
D:If someone is very rich, you may be green with envy.Harry had a very small farm. He only had one cow but dreamed about having a large farm. He once asked his father Bill, "I'd like to have that land over there. How can I get it?" His father encouraged him to go and talk to the landowner  to see how they could get the land. Harry said. "But we don't have enough money." His father said, "Don't worry. Go and talk to him."
Several years passed. Harry had not only the land, but also several hundred cows. He had a happy life with his wife.
Later, Harry's wife, Sarah, had a dream. "I want to build the biggest farm in the world." She said. They called their friend Manuel about this task. Three days later Manuel had a plan for the whole project. Then they asked, "How much will it cost?" Manuel said they needed a lot of money.
"Nobody will lend us so much money to build a farm," they thought. But the manager of the bank _ them and their dream.
A few months later, La manuel, the biggest farm in the world, was opened.
The question is: The passage tells us that   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:A poor farmer is always a poor farmer.
B:Making your dream come true depends on  yourself
C:A good friend can help you in doing everything
D:Talk with your friends before you do everything"Who needs a shopping mall if you have Taobao?" says Wang Lin, 28, a writer in Beijing.
Taobao, China's largest online shopping site, is becoming an important part of Wang Lin's life. She spends a lot of money on Taobao.
Many Chinese internet users like Wang Lin find the happiness of online shopping. Most online shoppers are students or young workers. More women shop on line than men. Clothing and home-use things are the most popular on line.
It was reported that Chinese people spent more than 250 billion  yuan on line shopping last year, 80% in Taobao.
Taobao means "looking for good" in Chinese. People can find almost everything they need on Taobao, from clothes to books, from toys to DVD players.
You may worry about the security of online shopping, Wang Lin said, "It's very safe. If you don't get the things from the sellers or are not satisfied  with them, the shop owner will not get the money. You can also get your money back if you don't want them.
The question is: What are the most popular on line?
The possible answers are:
A:Toys and DVD players.
B:Clothes and books
C:Clothing and home-use things
D:Foods.Making friends might seem to come easy for some persons, but it's maybe very hard for most persons. No matter how many friends you might already have, it is always a good idea to make new friends.
Being shy keeps a lot of people from making friends. Also, making friends might need a person to step outside of their comfortable places, which are hard for a lot of people, whether they are shy or not. However, overcoming the shyness to step out of your box is an important step in making friends.
There are lots of ways to meet new friends. First of all, remember that a good friendship is based on interests, so if you are ready to make friends, start to join clubs or go places where you have interest. For instance, if you like to play sports, join a sports team or after school sports club. If you have interests in music or writing, join clubs or organizations that you are interested in. When you see someone in a place like that, and you think that they look nice, it is always a good idea to go up to them and introduce yourself and ask interesting questions so that you can start a conversation. Don't put too much pressure on yourself, and remember that friendships don't always happen quickly.
Some friendships happen right away, and you'll be able to tell if someone will be a great friend right after you meet them. Some friendships take a long time to develop. Anyway, the friends that you meet are going to be worth it. If a friendship develops quickly, it doesn't mean that it is extra valuable, and if a friendship takes a long time to develop, it doesn't mean that it isn't worth it because it's too hard.
Making friends might be a bit difficult for you, and the friends you will make may not look anything like you. However, even though it might be scary to start conversations, you are worth doing it. All friendships start with a single hello.
The question is: What does the writer want to tell us?
The possible answers are:
A:How can we make friends?
B:What is the friendship?
C:Who can we make friends with?
D:When do friendships happen?A recent report  from Fuzhou Daily says about 18% of Fuzhou teenagers  can have problems with their minds(,).Some students become worried because they have to study very hard. Others have trouble getting on well with people like their parents and classmates.
Zhang Qiong, a junior 2 student from Fuzhou, could not understand his teachers in class and was doing badly in his lessons. He was afraid of exams. When he looked at the exam paper, he couldn't think of anything to write. Another student, a15-year-old girl called Wu Yuan from Xiamen often argued ( ) with herclassmates even her parents because of some difficult ideas. She became so angry with them that she started to cut her finger with a knife.
However, many students who have problems won't go for advice or help. Some think they will look stupid if they go to see a doctor.  Others don't want to talk about their secrets. here is some advice for the teenagers to solve the problems: Firstly, talk to your parents or teachers often. Secondly, take part in group activities and do sports. Thirdly, go to see a doctor if you feel unhappy or unwell.
The question is: It is reported that students in Fuzhou can have  _  problems with their minds.
The possible answers are:
A:most
B:many
C:some
D:all theIt is the last day of June today. It is grandma's birthday. Father, mother and I go to see her.
My grandma lives with my uncle in a village not too far away. Uncle works there. Early in the morning we buy a birthday cake and some fruit and go to her home by bus.
Grandma and uncle are very glad to see us. We give the present to grandma and say, "Happy birthday to you!" She is very happy. Then we sit down to talk. Uncle goes to prepare lunch. The meal is very nice. We all enjoy it very much. At 4 o'clock, we say goodbye and go back home.
The question is: We    _    with grandma in her house.
The possible answers are:
A:talk and enjoy a nice lunch
B:prepare lunch with uncle
C:talk and play
D:enjoy the birthday cakeBad days happen to us all. Often a day that starts out bad just continues to get worse. Sometimes there's a "domino effect " with bad events. For example, you sleep through the alarm, so you're stressed. And you will sit in the bad traffic, which will also make you late for work, etc.
How can we turn a bad day to a good day? Here are some ideas that have worked for me:
Smile a lot
Smiling a lot will help you feel relaxed. Research has shown that smiling produces three useful chemicals which make us feel good.
Talk to a good friend
Keeping bad or unhappy things in your mind is not a good idea. Talking to someone who cares and listen really does help us feel better, too.
Concentrate on your good things
It's hard to concentrate on how bad things are when you're concentrating on how good things are! Think of 10 or more things you're thankful for, and you'll achieve a whole new outlook  on your day.
Get some exercise
If you can, go for a walk. Exercising will help you feel better. Excising can get your day back to be normal again.
Make the day a challenge
If you make yourself think of the day as a challenge, you'll start to do all the things you can to make your day better.
,.
The question is: According to the writer, if we consider a bad day as a challenge, we'll   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:try our best to do things better
B:give up doing things
C:lose all our confidence
D:have a terribleAccording to a new survey, students' safety has become a big problem. Now in some cities of China, many schools start a new lesson: self -- protection. Students like this lesson because there are no exams or boring classes. And they can leam how to save lives and know how to stop danger before it happens.
Lin Li, a teacher from Yantai, gives young students some advice on how to deal with danger
If you are in a traffic accident
If a car hits you, you should remember the car number. If you get badly hurt, you should call l20. If it is a bicycle, try to call your parents before you let the rider go. This is because you don't know how seriously you are hurt.
 If it is raining hard and there is lightning  
Don't stay in high places or turn on the TV. Don't use the phones. Keep away from trees.
When there is a fire
Get away as fast as you can. Put wet things on your body and try to find an exit. Don't take the lift.
 If someone is drowning  
If you can't swim, don't get into water. Cry out for help.
If you are robbed  
Keep calm. If you can not cry for help or run away, give the robber your money. Try remember what the robber looks like and tell the police.
Remember that danger is never as far away as you think. Protect yourself at all times !
The question is: There are   _  ways of self -- protection mentioned in the passage.
The possible answers are:
A:3
B:4
C:5
D:6Algae  are very simple plants. They grow in fresh water or salty water. Seaweed is algae that grow in salty water. Seaweed is red or brown in color. The Japanese people use these plants from the sea in many ways. From it, they make a food called Kombu. Kombu is seaweed that has been dried, cooked and pressed together. Then it is dried again and cut into long pieces. The Japanese eat a lot of Kombu and like it very much.
Japanese farmers often use seaweed as fertilizer. It makes their plants grow better. Many farmers also find seaweed makes a fine food for their animals.
From seaweed the Japanese also get iodine , which they sell to other countries. Iodine is used in many ways all over the world. It is used in making medicine. It is added to the salt we use at the table. Scientists even use one form of iodine to "seed clouds" when they want rain to fall.
The question is: Kombu is a kind of   _   according to the text.
The possible answers are:
A:plant
B:medicine
C:food
D:fertilizerBicycles are very popular in China. In our country you can see bicycles almost everywhere. When you walk on the road, you will find a lot of people riding bicycles to school, shops and anywhere else. Therefore , China is known as "the kingdom of bicycles". In China, many families have one or two bicycles.
Compared(......) with cars, bicycles have many advantages. First, they are much cheaper than cars. Most Chinese can't afford cars, but they can afford bicycles. Second, bicycles are small enough to park anywhere, while cars need a larger piece of land to park. What's more, with lower speed, bicycles are safer than cars.
However, bicycles also bring some problems. Some riders don't obey the traffic rules and some riders don't think about others' safety. So they ride too fast. During rush hours, too many bicycles may cause traffic jams. _
The question is: "The kingdom of bicycles" here is saying   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:China has a large number of bicycles
B:China makes bicycles
C:bicycles are a kingdom
D:only China has bicyclesAlmost everyone likes dogs, and almost everyone likes to read about dogs. I have friend. He has a big police dog with the name Jack. Police dogs are very clever. Every Sunday afternoon my friend takes jack for along walk in the park. Jack likes these long walks very much. One Sunday afternoon a young man came to visit my friend. He stayed a long time. He talked and talked. Soon it was time for my friend to take Jack for walk. But the visitor still stayed. Jack became much worried. He walked around the room several times and then sat down in front of the visitor and looked at him. But the visitor paid no attention to Jack. He went on talking. At last Jack got angry. He went out of the room and came back a few minutes later. He sat down again in front of the visitor, but this time he took the visitor's cap in his mouth.
The question is: Jack sat down in front of the visitor because he wanted   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:the visitor to talk with him
B:to join the talk
C:to show the visitor how clever he was
D:the visitor to leave the house soonStudents Begin to Smoke at a Younger Age
SHANGHAI---- Almost one in four students aged between 12 and 14 have tried smoking, according to the results of a survey from the CATC .
" Quite a number of boy students in my class smoke outside the school yard during lunch break," said Li Xiaolan, an English teacher from a high school in Shanghai.
The survey also found that 39 percent of students took their first cigarette from their classmates.
" It was quite common to smoke with my classmates at school,"said Zhou Guangrong,a 22- year-old university student from Guiyang, Guizhou province,who started smoking at the age of 12.
Most of the student smokers buy cigarettes themselves." My middle and high schools were surrounded by cigarette shops when I was a student," said Liu Minghui who used to smoke two cigarettes per day in primary school and two packs per week in middle and high school.
" We're keen to show that more teenagers are starting smoking much younger than before,and that we need to minimize  the number of young smokers," said Duan Jiali, an officer in CATC. He added that teachers and parents should set a good example for teenagers by not smoking in front of them at school or at home, which is the best way of stopping teenagers from smoking.
The question is: According to the survey,in a middle school if a class has 40 students, about   _   smoke.
The possible answers are:
A:5
B:10
C:15
D:20You may hear about earthquakes, but do you know what to do before, during and after an earthquake? Here is some advice for you:
Before an earthquake   It is necessary to prepare yourself and your family. All family members should know how to turn off gas, water and electricity and know useful telephone numbers ( doctor, hospital, police and 119 etc.). Never put heavy things over beds.
During an earthquake   It is important for each of you to stay calm. If you are indoors, quickly move to a safe place in the room such as under a strong desk or table. The purpose is to protect yourself from falling things. Stay away from windows, large mirrors, heavy fumiture and so on. If you are cooking, turn off the gas. If you are outdoors, move to an open area like a playground. Move away from buildings, bridges and trees. If you are driving, stop the car as soon as possible, staying away from bridges and tall buildings, stay in your car.
After an earthquake  ONCE the shaking has stopped, DO NOT run out of the building at once. It is better to wait and leave when it is safe. Check around you and help the people who are in trouble. If your building is badly broken, you should leave it. If you smell or hear gas, get everyone outside and open windows and doors. If you can do it safely, turn off the gas. Report it to the gas company.
The question is: When an earthquake happens,   _   can help you deal with it.
The possible answers are:
A:keeping quiet
B:staying calm
C:looking outside
D:moving indoorsMy friend John has got a restaurant in a big city. It is near a supermarket. He gets ten robots for the restaurant. Each robot costs   20,000 yuan. The restaurant is not big, but very popular. Now more and more people come here for dinner.
The robots have different jobs in the restaurant. Two robots cook different kinds of food; one washes the dishes; one cleans the floor and the others give food to the guests  .
Although robots do most of the jobs in the restaurant, John is still very busy. He must do many things to keep the robots working well. Luckily, John is good at studying robots and he knows robots very well. I think in the future, there will be a lot of robot themed restaurants   around the world.
The question is: How many robots give food to the guests in the restaurant?
The possible answers are:
A:Three.
B:Four.
C:Five.
D:Six.You may know the English letters A, B and C. But do you know there are people called ABC? You may like eating bananas. But do you know there are people called "banana persons"? If you don't know, I will tell you. They are Chinese people like you and me, but they aren't in China. Why do people call them that?
ABC means America -born Chinese. An ABC is a Chinese, but was born in the United States. Sometimes, people also call them "banana persons". A banana is yellow outside and white inside. So when a person is a banana, he or she is white (American) inside and yellow (Chinese) outside. They are born in America and they live in America for a long time. Even their nationalities  are Americans. So they think like Americans and do things like Americans. But they still have Chinese blood. Their parents, grandparents or great-grandparents were from China. They all have black eyes and black hair. So they look like us, Chinese people. For example, we all know the famous scientist C.N. Yang . He is an ABC and he is a "banana person". We like him, although his nationality isn't Chinese.
The question is: What does ABC here mean?
The possible answers are:
A:Australian-born Chinese
B:American-born Chinese
C:China-born American
D:American-born CanadianAt one time or another we have all stopped to think about the weather. Some days the weather is good. Some days the weather is bad. Sometimes a day that seems bad turns out better than you thought it would. There are ways of understanding the weather. One way is to study the clouds. No two clouds are ever alike. We can see the different kinds of clouds and watch them for signs of changing weather. To forecast the weather, there are three things about clouds. you should look for: movement, colour, and change. As a rule, the higher the clouds, the better the weather. And the lower the clouds, the worse the weather is likely to be. Fair-weather cumulus clouds* are another sign of good weather. These are clouds we often see on warm summer days. Clouds can tell you if a storm is on the way. If the thick, fluffy cumulus clouds get bigger early in the day, then you know it will rain. If there is a sudden, cool and dark thunder* cloud appears, then a storm is about to break out. Colours in the sky tell us about the weather, too. A golden ring around the moon warns us that a storm is on the way. A watery yellow sunset is a sign that rain may be near. The rainbow* has a message, too. The colours of the rainbow come from the sun rays shining through falling rain. If you see the sun in the east and a rainbow in the west, the rain may be coming your way. If the sun is in the west and the rainbow is in the east, the rain will be moving away from you.
The question is: The colours of the rainbow come from  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:sun rays shining through falling rain
B:dark thunder clouds in the sky
C:a golden ring around the moon
D:fair-weather cumulus cloudsA man was looking for things of old times.One day he came to a village and found a blue bowl which looked very old.The bowl was on the ground and a cat was drinking milk from it.A farmer,the owner of the cat.was lying beside the bowl.In order not to draw the farmer's attention   to the value   of the bowl,the man said to him in a soft voice,"What a nice cat you have! Won't you sell it to me?"
"How much would you give me for it?" the farmer opened his eyes and asked.
"Twenty dollars. Would it be enough?"
A few minutes later,the farmer agreed.After he paid the farmer,the man said,"My cat will feel thirsty.May I take the bowl so that the cat can have milk?" But the farmer said, "I'm sorry I can't give it to you.Thanks to the bowl,I can sell twenty cats."
The question is: After he bought the cat,the man asked for the bowl,because he thought  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:the bowl should go with the cat
B:the bowl had a beautiful colour
C:the farmer didn't know the value of the bowl
D:the cat could not live without the bowlMy name is David. I am an English boy. My families are in Beijing. My father and mother work there. I have a sister, but no brothers. My sister and I are students of a middle school in Beijing. We love China. We have a nice house in Beijing. My room is big. There is a bed, a desk and a computer in it. My books are on my desk and next to my computer. There are some pop singers' pictures on the wall. I like them.
The question is: There are   _  people in David's family.
The possible answers are:
A:four
B:five
C:three
D:sixMy favorite physicist   is Qian Xuesen. He was born in Shanghai on December 11, 1911. He was a little fat and of medium height. And his eyes were wise. He liked music, art and science  .
He studied the important implementation   plan for the Chinese rocket   and the missile  . He worked very hard for our country. I liked him very much.
Qian Xuesen had famous words: I am very tiny  . It is the Chinese people that are truly great!
Qian Xuesen died on October 31, 2009. I'm very sad to hear the news, and Chinese people are the same as me. He is our hero. We should learn from him and I think I won't forget the great scientist for ever.
The question is: What did Qian Xuesan work as?
The possible answers are:
A:A Scientist.
B:A teacher.
C:A farmer.
D:An artist  .It's nine o'clock in the evening. The family are all at home. Jim's father is sitting in a chair. He's watching TV. Jim's mother is standing near the window. She's giving some food to a bird. Polly says,"Thanks ! Thanks!" Where's Jim ? Oh, he's behind the door. Kate, Jim's sister, is looking for him. They are playing games. They have no homework on Sunday evening.
The question is: The children    _    doing their homework
The possible answers are:
A:aren't
B:isn't
C:don't
D:notEvery year people celebrate the Spring Festival in China. Usually it is in January or February. It's the most important  festival in China. So before it comes, everyone buys many things, and they often make a special kind of food called dumplings. It means "come together". Parents always buy new clothes for their children and children also buy presents for their parents. On the Spring Festival eve , all the family members come back home. They sing, dance and play cards. When they enjoy the meal, they give each other the best wishes  for the coming year. They all have a good time.
The question is: The food dumpling means "  _  "
The possible answers are:
A:be nice
B:be hungry
C:come together
D:come backDo you like traditional Chinese paper-cutting? Ding Xiang, a student at Nongsishi Middle School in Xinjiang, is really good at it. At the eighth National Excellent Talents Competition last month in Beijing, the 15-year-old girl got the gold award  for her paper-cutting skills.
At the competition, Ding cut a piece: Millennium Dream . The piece has two papers. One shows an ancient cave painting  and the other a Chinese-made spaceship. The two papers form a sharp contrast . Ding said she wanted to show three things with the piece: China's long history, China's rapid development, and her hope for the future of paper-cutting. This piece helped Ding walk away with the gold award.
"I was very surprised to get the award." Ding said in an interview with Yili Daily, a Xingjiang newspaper. "I should thank paper-cutting for bringing me the award."
All the hard work has paid off. In two years, Ding's skills have improved a lot, and she has the gold award to prove  _ .
Ding said she has learned a lot from paper-cutting. "I have learned to observe things carefully," Ding told Yili Daily. "I have become more confident, too. It is a great help in my studies. Also, I have learned a lot of history from the art."
The question is: Ding Xiang got the gold award because of   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:a wonderful paper-cutting work
B:an ancient cave painting
C:a Chinese-made spaceship
D:a dream for many yearsCome And Join Us!
We warmly welcome you to the Shine Sports Centre!
All the young people in this city can become members of the Shine Sports Centre and each member should pay $10 every year. To be a member of us and get your membership card ,you need to come to us between 2 pm and 6 pm, Monday to Thursday. I have to tell you that we don't accept new members on Friday. Now, there are three things that you must remember to bring with you when you come for a membership card. They are your ID card, a recent passport-sized photo of yourself and the money. We can't give you the card unless you bring all the three.
Once you have got your membership card, you need to bring it with you whenever you come to book or use any facility in Shine Sports Centre. Booking over the phone is not allowed, so you have to come here with your card when you want to book. There is one more thing I have to tell you. Our opening hours is from 9 am to 10 pm on weekdays and from 10 am to 6 pm on weekends. We hope that every member can have a great time in the Shine Sports Centre.
The question is: Which of the following is TRUE?
The possible answers are:
A:All people have the chance to be members of the Centre.
B:You can get the membership card at 6 o'clock in the morning.
C:You can't book the facilities over the telephone.
D:You don't need to bring the membership card when you need to use the facilities.Last week I did a survey about TV shows at No. 2 Middle School. Some students' answers are interesting.
Li Ming's favorite shows are sports shows. He often watches basketball games on CCTV-5.And he likes Kobe Bryant beastlier Yuan, a 12-year-old girl, says she can't stand sitcoms. But they're her grandmother's favorite.Liu Yuan loves cartoons very much. She watches Pleasant Goat and Big Wolf every day. She thinks cartoons are interesting and relaxing. Sun Jing doesn't mind game shows.Liu Hui likes talk shows. She thinks she can learn more about life from them.
And there is another interesting thing. Most moms like Healthy Living but most dads like the news.
The question is: What kind of shows does Li Ming like best?
The possible answers are:
A:News
B:Sports shows
C:Talk shows
D:SitcomsI'm a school girl. My brother and I are twins. We are both at school. We like school. My parents are both teachers. They work hard. My brother and I study at No. 1 Middle School. There are twenty-five boys and eighteen girls in our class.
We go to school from Monday to Friday. We have no classes on Saturdays and Sundays. We usually get up at six o'clock, and have breakfast at half past six. We come to school at seven o'clock. Classes begin at eight. We have four lessons in the morning and two in the afternoon. We have lunch a fifteen past twelve. At three fifty we have sports.
We study Chinese, math, English, geography, physics, history, politics and other lessons. We like Chinese. We like English, too. Some of us are good at it.
We go home at five o'clock. We have supper at six o'clock. We do our homework at seven every evening and go to bed at half past nine, but sometimes we go to sleep at about ten.
We work hard, we study for the people.
The question is: . There are    _    boys and    _    girls in our class.
The possible answers are:
A:twenty-five; twenty
B:some; any
C:twenty-five; eighteen
D:many; muchThe death list in a school bus accident that happened on Wednesday morning in the northwest province of Gansu has risen to 20 following the death of one child later Wednesday.
It's known that the accident happened around 9:40 a.m. in Yulinzi town of Zhengning county, according to a report from the police. The report said five people including four children and their bus driver died just at the moment that the accident happened. While 15 others, their teacher included, were sure to be dead by the afternoon.
It's reported that another 44 children were injured in the accident and have been sent to hospital. Twelve of the injured are in badly hurt. The truck which caused the accident was carrying coal. Another reason for the accident was the bus itself. The police has blamed  _ for the accident, saying that the bus -- a van with nine seats -- was carrying 64 people.
The question is: Where did the accident happen on a Wednesday morning?
The possible answers are:
A:In Yushu,Gansu
B:In Yulinzi county,Gansu
C:In Zhengning,Gansu
D:In Zhengning town,GansuThe landmark  success of Tu Youyou, the first Chinese woman to win a Nobel prize in science, has aroused great national pride  and hopes on the future of traditional Chinese medicine (TCM). Tu, born in 1930, shared the 2015 Nobel Prize for Physiology  or Medicine with Irish-born William Campbell and Japan's Satoshi Omura for her discoveries against malaria .
She discovered Artemisinin   , a drug that has greatly reduced the death number for patients suffering from malaria. "Artemisinin is a gift for the world people from the traditional Chinese medicine. It is of great importance for curing malaria and other diseases and for protecting the health of the world people," Tu said in Beijing. " The discovery of Artemisinin is a successful example of collective research on traditional Chinese medicine. The prize winning is an honor for China's science cause  and traditional Chinese medicine."
"Tu's winning the Nobel Prize shows China's great progress in science and technology. It also shows China's growing strength and rising international standing," Premier Li Keqiang said in a letter Monday evening.
The question is: Why is Tu Youyou's winning considered the landmark success?
The possible answers are:
A:Because she is the first Chinese woman to win the Nobel prize.
B:Because she arouses great national pride and hopes.
C:Because she improves the future of traditional Chinese medicine.
D:Because she shares the Nobel prize with Japan's Satoshi Omura.It is Jim's birthday today. He is five years old. He gets many nice birthday presents from his family and one of them is a big drum .
"Who gives him the drum?" his father asks.
"His grandfather does." answers Jim's mother.
Jim likes his drum very much. He makes a noise with it, but his mother doesn't say anything about it. His father is not at home. He is working in a school. So he doesn't hear the noise.
But one of the neighbors doesn't like the noise at all. So one morning she takes a knife and goes into Jim's room. Jim is making a noise with the drum. She says to him, "Hello, Jim. Do you know there is something very nice in your drum? Here's a knife. Open the drum and let's find it."
The question is: Which of the following is right?
The possible answers are:
A:Jim's grandfather makes the drum.
B:Something is wrong with Jim's father's ears.
C:There is a nice present in the drum.
D:Jun's mother doesn't stop the noise.Many teenagers feel that the most important people in their lives are their friends. They believe that their family members don't know them as well as their friends do. In large families, it is quite often for brothers and sisters to fight with each other and then they will go to their friends for some ideas.
It is very important for teenagers to have one good friend or a group of friends. Even when they are not with their friends, they usually spend a lot of time talking to them on the phone. This communication is very important in children's growing up, because friends can discuss special things. These things are difficult to say to their family members.
However, parents often try to choose friends for their children. Some parents may even stop their children from meeting their friends. Have you ever thought of the following questions?
Who choose your friends?
Do you choose your friends or your friends choose you?
Have you got a good friend your parents don't like?
Your answers are welcome?
The question is: The sentence "Your answers are welcome." Means "   _   ".
The possible answers are:
A:You are welcome to discuss questions with us
B:We've got no idea, so your answer are welcome
C:Your answers are always right
D:You can give us all the right answersA habit is any action that we have performed so often that it becomes something we do almost without thinking. Some of them are thought to be bad habits. People spend countless hours and dollars each year trying to drop these bad habits but often fail. Why? Change is hard work and _ . However, there is still some advice for you to follow.
First, look at why you do it. In other words, what's the result of doing this thing? If your bad habit is shouting at people when you are unhappy or under pressure, what do you get from it? It may make you feel a little better for the moment. Or maybe you have a bad habit of leaving your homework undone. The result could be that you get more time to spend on the Internet!
Next, take a look on the other hand. What are you losing because of your habit? Shouting at other people is a bad habit because it makes people around you feel bad and unhappy. Leaving your homework undone is a bad habit because you may be punished by your teacher. Having more Internet time means that you are losing the chance to learn the things that you need to learn. When you think that way, you'll find that it's not wise to keep your bad habit! Now it is time to make a decision. What will you choose? I'm sure you will choose to do what you think is more important.
The question is: . The main purpose of this passage is to ask us  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:not to shout at people when we are sad
B:not to spend much time on the Internet
C:to give up our bad habits
D:to decide what to chooseWho hasn't enjoyed eating peanuts? Did you know that although peanuts look like nuts and taste like nuts, they aren't nuts at all? They belong to the pea family, so they are called peanuts. The peanut grows flowers above ground, but its "fruit" grows underground. It grows in more countries than most other "nuts".
The peanut is a native South American plant. Scientists believe that it grew wild in Brazil long ago. They think that for several thousand years the early peoples of South America made it a part of their diet. These peoples were nomads who moved on when a natural food could no longer be found in one area. Along the way they probably let fall some peanuts, which got into the ground and grew. This is believed to be the way the plant reached the place where the Incas lived. The Incas, from about 1100 to 1532, thought highly of peanuts. The peanuts were eaten in several forms and used as sacrificial offerings to the Incan Sun God. Later in the 16thcentury, European soldiers had brought peanuts to other parts of the world, including North America, Africa, Asia, Europe, and Pacific Islands.
Although peanuts were found native in South America, they are now grown in almost every country that has warm weather. India produces the most peanuts. China's production is next, followed by the United States.
The peanut is special in more ways than one. It can be eaten raw, boiled, roasted, or fried. Hundreds of widely different products have been made from it. Carver, an American scientist, set himself the task of discovering new uses for eating and for many other products.
Peanuts are very highly _ and are also high in protein  . Americans use about seven-tenths of their protein in the form of meat. In India, where the poor can't pay for meat or milk, peanut meal and peanut milk have been produced. These have been a great help to the poor.
New products are continually being made from peanuts, among them peanut cheese and a powder that becomes peanut butter when water is added. The fact is that peanuts are so healthy that they were used by astronauts. The unusual nut that isn't a nut is one of nature's most amazing gifts.
The question is: What is the purpose of the article?
The possible answers are:
A:To show that peanuts belong to the pea family.
B:To advise us to use more peanut products.
C:To tell us some new uses of peanuts.
D:To let us know more about peanuts.Long long ago a man went to India and he had never been there before. When he got there, he saw a lot of fruit, but much of it was expensive because they couldn't grow much because there was little water. Finally he saw a big basket of some very red and long fruit. And it was the cheapest in the shop.
So he went up and asked, "How much each kilo?"and the shop keeper said, "Two rupees . "Two rupees in India was nothing. So he bought a whole kilogram of the fruit and started eating it. But after he ate some of it:oh, my god!His eyes watered, his mouth watered and burnt, and his face became red. He jumped up and down, saying, "Ah!Ah!Ah!"
But he still continued to eat the fruit!Some people who were looking at him shook their heads and said, "You're crazy, man. Those are chilies !You can't eat so many!People use them as a _ , but only a little bit to put into food for taste. You can't just eat them like that. "But the silly man said, "No, I can't stop!I paid money for them, and now I'll eat them up. It's my money!"
And you think that man was silly, right?We sometimes do a lot of things like that. We spend money, time or effort doing something. And even though it's been a long time, hard experience tells us it won't work, and we know there's no more hope, we still continue just because we've put money, time, effort and love in to it. Just like the man who ate the chilies and felt so bad but couldn't stop because he didn't want to waste the money he'd paid.
So even if you've lost something, let it go and move on. That's better than continuing to lose.
The question is: The man chose to buy the red and long fruit only because  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:he hadn't eaten it before
B:he was hungry
C:it was cheap
D:he hadn't seen it beforeI can't remember when I fell in love with music. Maybe it happened when I was feeling blue sometime long ago. I can't tell you exactly how music makes me feel better. But while listening to music, especially light music, it makes me feel calm and peaceful. Now I am listening to a song named Moon River. It is really a fantastic song. I didn't like this song at the beginning, but later I found its slow melody and beautiful lyrics deeply touching.
"Oh, dream maker, you heart breaker. Wherever you're going I'm going your way. Two drifters  are off  to see the world. There's such a lot of world to see."
Yes. Although there is a long way to go for the drifters and maybe there are many troubles ahead, he seems afraid of nothing. I like music. Music reminds me that human beings have a lot in common even if they come from different countries or backgrounds, because we all have the same feeling or understanding of melodies and words.
The question is: The writer thinks people who come from different countries have  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:the same feeling of melodies and words
B:different understanding of melodies and words
C:different feelings of melodies and words
D:the same understanding of sound and wordsHelen and Betty are very good friends. They are in the same  class at school.
Now they are eight years old. Helen's mother has a new baby. Helen is very happy to have a little sister, so she always talks about her to Betty.
At first Betty is very interested in the new baby. But after some time she begins to get unhappy because Helen doesn't stop talking about it.
One morning, the two girls meet in the library, and Helen says to Betty happily, "Do you know, Betty, my baby sister puts on  about half a pound  this week."
"That is not much," says Betty. "I know a baby that puts on ten pounds a day."
"Oh, that can't be true?" says Helen with a laugh . "Whose baby is it?"
"An elephant's," says Betty.
The question is: How much does the baby put on this week?
The possible answers are:
A:About 0.5 pound
B:One pound
C:One and a half pounds
D:About 2 poundsThere are seabirds as well as land-birds. The most ordinary seabird is the seagull. It has a white body, a white head and a yellow beak. There is a very, very spot of red at the very end of the beak, underneath. All gulls have very strong wings so that they can fly far out to sea. If a gull flies out too far, so that it is too tired to fly back to the shore , it does not get frightened, for it can sit and rest upon the waves . A seagull's wings do not get wet because all its feathers have a kind of oil over them, so that when the water gets on to the feathers, it just runs off again. Gulls can even sleep upon the waves.
Sailors  know a lot about seagulls and they never kill them. When the gulls fly a long way out to sea, sailors say that it means fine weather is coming. When the gulls stay near the shore, sailors say they there will be much wind and rain, and perhaps a storm, for the gulls know more about the weather than sailors do.
The question is: The water can't make the seagull's feathers wet because the feathers are   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:thick
B:long
C:light
D:oilyIn northern China winter is long and cold, lasting from December through March. You can often see snow. Summer lasts from May through the end of August. The best time to visit northern China is spring and autumn. The days are warm but the nights are cool.
Winters in central China feel colder than they look. You will seldom see snow. Winters are short, lasting from January to the end of March. Summers are long hot and humid, lasting from April through September/October. In spring flowers are blooming and the tree's leaves turn green so there is an air of freshness. However, autumn usually sees clearer skies, and it rains a little.
It is very wet in the south and high temperatures last for a long time. Winter from January to March, is short but can feel very cold. But it doesn't snow. Summer through September is the rainy season where temperatures and humidity reach highs. In autumn the heat and humidity weather stops. There is always a chance of rain.
The question is: Which part of winter lasts nearly four months?
The possible answers are:
A:Northern China
B:Central China
C:Southern China
D:NoneBob is six years old.He is old enough to go to school. On the first day,his teacher taught him three words,"I,you,he".Then the teacher said,"I am your teacher.You are my student.He is your student. He is your classmate."When school was over,Bob went home. His mother asked him,"What has your teacher taught you today?"Bob said with a smile,"Listen,Mum and Dad,I am your teacher.You are my student.He is your classmate."His mother said,"No,dear.You're wrong."Then she said,"I am your mother.You're my son.He's your father."The next day,Bob's teacher asked Bob to make sentences with "I,you and he".
Bob stood up and said,"I'm your mother.You're my son.He is your father."All the students in Bob's class laughed.
The question is: What do you think of the boy?
The possible answers are:
A:He is not clever.
B:He is helpful.
C:He is polite.
D:He is kind.San Russell is not your average  baseball fan. He is a die-hard Boston Red Sox fan. He has a season ticket and he arranges his work schedule so he does not miss a game. San also attends game dressed in their uniform, and his car is red. He has even lost some friends by choosing to watch the Red Sox instead of going to their weddings. Is this healthy behavior?
Although Russell's case is extreme, being a sports fan can be healthy for you. According to a study at the University of Kansan in the USA, sports fans suffer from depression less than people who are not interested in sports, fans also experience other effects from watching their team play. When their team wins a game, their own confidence and happiness increase, just like the athletes. Losing, on the other hand, always leads to some sense of disappointment.
What about die-hard fans whose team always loses? The team spirit keeps those fans from losing hope. Knowing that other fans are probably feeling the same way also helps them. In addition, there is always the hope that their team will win the next game. Russell has lost some friends because of his love for baseball and although you may think that would make him unhappy, he has made many more new friends because of his team spirit.
For Sam Russell, supporting the Red Sox is not just a hobby; it is a way of life and the secret of his happiness.
The question is: The best title for the reading is  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:Enjoy Baseball Games!
B:Be a die-hard fan!
C:Average Fans Better?
D:Just a game?Once a great boxer ,Tom Black, went to a restaurant for supper. He took off his coat and left it at the door, but he was afraid that somebody would take it away. So he took out a piece of paper and wrote on it,"The great boxer, Tom Black, has left his coat here.He'll be back in a few minutes."He put the paper on his coat and went to have his dinner. When he returned, however, his coat was not there. He just found a piece of paper in its place. It said,"A great runner has taken away you coat, and he will never come back again."
,A, B, C, D(10)
The question is: What happened at last?
The possible answers are:
A:His coat was still there.
B:Nobody saw the paper.
C:He found his coat.
D:Someone took his coat.One day Mrs Black visited her family doctor, Mr Dodd. Mr Dodd was an old funny man with a beard. "What's the problem ?" the doctor asked her. "I am very worried about my son, Jake," Mrs Black said, "I can't stop him from betting. He spends all his money betting on horse races. And even worse he'll bet on everything. It doesn't matter what it is." The doctor said, "I've saved many people from gambling before. Send him to me."
The next day Mrs Black sent her son to see the doctor. While they were talking , the boy was looking at the doctor's beard. Suddenly he said, "I bet you $ 50 that your beard is not a real one." "Oh, no, " the doctor said. "Can I pull your beard and find out ?" the boy said. The doctor thought this is a good way to teach him a lesson; so he said, "Ok, if my beard is real , you will have to pay me $ 50." The boy pulled it and soon found out it was real. The doctor laughed.
Two days later the doctor telephoned Mrs Black, "I think I've saved your son." He told her the story. But Mrs Black said, "You're wrong. You've made him worse." "How can that be ?" the doctor asked . "Before he went to see you, he bet me $ 100 that you would ask him to pull your beard !"
,.
The question is: Who got money in the story ?
The possible answers are:
A:The boy and his mother.
B:Nobody except the doctor.
C:The doctor and Jake.
D:Nobody except Jake.The Greens are English. Now they are in Beijing. This is their first visit to China. They are going to stay in China for three weeks. They want to visit some big cities and villages. They want to learn some Chinese.
Mr Green is driver. He likes driving in Beijing very much. Mrs Green is a teacher. She is visiting a middle school near Beijing. Their son Jim is a middle school student. He meets some Chinese students, and he likes to speak English with them.
They take a lot of photos in China. When they are back in English, they are going to show the photos to their friends. They want the English people to know more about China.
The question is: Mrs Green's  _  is a middle school student.
The possible answers are:
A:daughter
B:son
C:sister
D:brotherIt is well known that Albert Einstein was one of the greatest scientists of all time and he was also a really great person. Here are some interesting things about him.
When Einstein started to work in America, someone asked him what he needed. He said he needed a desk, some paper and a pencil. He also asked for a big waste-paper basket to hold all of his mistakes. This shows that he knew even the cleverest man in the world can only learn by making mistakes.
Einstein regarded time as very important. He never wore socks and he thought putting on socks was a waste of time as people already wore shoes. He also thought it was a waste of time remembering things that could quickly be found in a book. That's why he never remembered his own phone number, which was in the phone book. He knew what was worth remembering. It is true that if we are going to do great things in our lives, we can not waste our time.
Einstein liked to joke too. Once in an exam a student asked him why all the questions were the same as last year's. Einstein replied the questions were the same but the answers were different!
,A, B, C, D,,.
The question is: In one exam, Einstein   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:asked different questions
B:asked difficult questions
C:wanted the answers all the same
D:wanted different answersIn Japan, Luffy is more popular than Harry Potter.Luffy is the main _ of One Piece .The book came out in 1997.
One Piece tells the adventures of Monkey D.Luffy, a 17-year-old boy.He gets supernatural abilities by eating fruit.Luffy's dream is to find the world's biggest treasure, One Piece.Then he wants to become the next Pirate  King.
To make his dream come true, Luffy has to reach the end of the most dangerous ocean: the Grand Line.Luffy travels with a group of pirates called the Straw Hats.On his way, more people join the group.It even includes a cook, a soldier and a musician.They also help Luffy fight with other pirates on the way.
Many Chinese teenagers are One Piece fans.Yang Peiqi, 14, of Shenzhen, says he thinks reading One Piece is great fun and also he likes the themes of the story-dreams and friends.
The question is: How old is Luffy?
The possible answers are:
A:He is 16 years old.
B:He is 17 years old.
C:He is 18 years old.
D:He is 19 years old.The place of the family computer may turn into a hot argue as your children get older. Whether you have one computer in the house or five, you should think the following things as you make a final decision.
There is a certain number of danger if you allow your children to have a computer with Internet in their rooms with no parental direction. They may share improper information and chat with strangers if they know that no one will be watching.
This does not mean that you cannot allow your children to have a computer in their rooms. Think allowing a computer without Internet. This is especially useful for teens who use the computer for creative projects, playing video games and listening to music. Keep in mind, however, that it is possible that your kids are more skilled at computers than you are and may remove any blocks you have in place.
Computer Use
The way your family computers are used will play a role in deciding where they should be placed. A machine used only for homework will need to be in a quiet place where there is low traffic. One used for chatting online can be in the room where most of the family spend their time. If Mom and Dad use a computer for work, those needs will also have to be thought.
Space
Space must also be considered in computer placement. The computer will need electricity, plenty of desk space and a spot away from this bright light of windows. You will not want it placed in a room where your kids may be noisy.
The question is: Which of the following might be a danger to children?
The possible answers are:
A:Chatting with strangers.
B:Doing their homework.
C:Playing video games.
D:listening to music.Early to bed and early to rise makes a man healthy, wealthy and wise.
This is an old English saying  . It means that we should go to bed early at night and get up early in the morning. If we do, we shall be healthy. We shall also be rich and clever.
Is this true? Perhaps it is. The body must have enough sleep. Children of your age need ten hours' sleep every night. If you go to bed late, you can't have enough sleep. Then you can't think carefully and your homework will be wrong. You will not be wise and you may not become wealthy!
Some people go to bed late at night and get up late in the morning. This is not good for them. We should sleep at night when it is dark. The dark helps us sleep well. When the daylight comes, we should get up. This is the time for exercise. If the body is not used, it will become weak. Exercise keeps it strong.
Exercise helps the blood   to move around inside the body. Blood takes nutrition   to all parts of our bodies. The brains   in our heads also need blood. We think with our brains. If we keep our bodies healthy, and take exercise, we can think better!
Our bodies also need air to breathe  . Without air we will die. Get up early in the morning and we can have plenty of clean, fresh air. That will keep us healthy and happy.
,.
The question is: The old English saying tells us   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:how to make more money
B:when we should get up
C:it is important to go to bed and get up early
D:to stay up lateWe all know that Taiwan is considered as Treasure Island 0f China. The scenery there is very beautiful. Recently we have been connected closely each other.
Several months ago, a group of 19 Taiwanese children flew to Chengdu in order to begin a tour to study pandas. The middle school children were from Chiayi Country in southwest Taiwan and were chosen because of their excellent performance at school.
During the visit, the children saw pandas up close. They were excited to see so many pandas at the same time. The children also traveled to the Mount E'mei scenic area and met local schoolchildren.
At last, they said, "The pandas are very cute, and they are all happy." They also said the children in Chengdu are very friendly to them, and they all like there. They hope to visit Sichuan again.
The question is: The children had a good chance to visit Chengdu because   _   .
The possible answers are:
A:they were interested in it
B:they did well at school
C:they were performing different roles
D:they were not from the same countryMr. Brown is a teacher. He is from New York, America. He would like to work in China because he likes our country. He thinks Chinese people are very friendly and he likes to live in China. He is happy to work in our school. He likes the school life here. He teaches English. There are 50 students in his class. Mr. Brown is kind. He and his students are good friends, too.
Now some of Mr. Brown's students play sports on the playground . Bill and Mike play tennis. Tom and John play ping-pong. The other students play basketball. Mr. Brown is happy to play basketball with them. They have a good time.
,,.
The question is: What does Mike do on the playground now?
The possible answers are:
A:He has a class.
B:He plays basketball.
C:He plays tennis with Bill.
D:He plays games with Mr. Brown.When we talk about village teachers, we often think of difficult conditions, heavy teaching tasks and little income. But there is a village teacher who makes his teaching jobso interesting. His name is Liu Yuesheng who is now called "the most beautiful teacher", Liu comes from Liugang Village Middle School in Dagang, Tianjin. The school is a rural area middle school. It has only about more than 300 students and teachers. Though the school is small, it is only a village school that takes the municipal   scientific research projects in Tianjin. Since Liu started to work at Liugang Village Middle School in 1999, he has led his students completing the 300 designs and reportings of national patents  .
Liu spent three years writing a book called Practice and Invention. In this book, he mostly tells people his teaching experience. The inventions of his students won the silver medal in the national youth science and technology competition. The rural students improve their living skills while they are inventing. Many of the students start their own business after graduation .
Liu also guided his students to make a big 260 Model Airplane. He often takes his students to go to the wetlands   and take photos during holidays. In order to call on people to pay more attention to protecting environment, he further watches the number of the birds with his students. Today , the wetland aerial  of his school of has reached the UAV  level.
The question is: Liu and his students tell people to protect environment by   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:taking photos
B:inventing
C:making speeches
D:watching the number of the birdsEvery evening at six o'clock an old man goes to a restaurant near his house. He eats dinner. After dinner, he drinks coffee and talks to the people at the restaurant.
The old man's name is Bill. Bill eats at the restaurant every evening because he is lonely. His wife died and he has no children.
Every evening the same waitress brings Bill to his dinner. Her name is Cara. She is 17 years old. Cara is kind to Bill. She knows he is lonely, so she talks to him. If Bill is late for dinner, she calls him on the telephone. "Are you OK?" she asks him.
One evening Bill doesn't come to the restaurant. Cara calls him, but he doesn't answer the phone. Cara calls the police. "Please go to Bill's house." Cara tells the police. Later the police call Cara at the restaurant. "Bill died in his sleep," the police tell her. Bill was 82 years old.
A week later, a man comes to the restaurant. "I have something for Cara," the man says. The man gives Cara a check  for $500000. The money is from Bill.
"This money is for me? From Bill?" Cara asks the man.
"Yes," the man answers.
"But...why?" Cara asks the man.
"Bill liked you," the man says. "You were kind to him"
The question is: ---Why doesn't Bill come to the restaurant that evening? --  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:Because Cara isn't kind to him
B:Because he died in his sleep
C:Because he is very tired
D:Because he stays at home for dinnerMr. Green worked in an office in London, but he lived in the country and came to work by train every day. The station was not very far from his office, and he always went on foot from the station to his office and back from his office to the station. Every evening he walked past a poor man near a bridge. The man sat at the road and sold matches, and there was a dog near him. There was a piece of wood round the dog's neck, and the words "I AM BLIND" were on the piece of wood.
Mr.Green was a kind man. He always stopped and gave a penny to the man, but he did not take any of his matches. One day, Mr.Green had a lot of work in his office and left the office very late. He came to the man and his dog, but he did not stop. The poor man stood up quickly, ran after him and said, "You're always very kind to me. Give me a penny today. I'm a poor man." Mr.Green stopped and he was surprised. Then he said, "You're a blind man. How did you see me?" The poor man said, "No, I'm not blind. My dog is."
The question is: Mr.Green went to his office   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:by train
B:first by train and then on foot
C:on foot
D:first on foot and then by trainMr .Smith is an Englishman. He teaches English well.His English classes are very interesting.He likes us and we like him,too.
Mr Smith has two children--Tom and Lucy.Tom is seven and his sister Lucy is four.Tom goes to school but Lucy doesn't. Mr Smith likes to wear a T-shirt and jeans .Football is his favorite sport.After school we often have a basketball match.Sometimes Mr Smith watches and joins us.He plays basketball just for fun.
The question is: The story is about   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:Mr Smith's son
B:Mr Smith
C:Tom and Mary
D:a basketball matchBeckham in a Football Movie
Do you like football? You must know David Beckham. But do you know that he will be in a movie? He will be David Beckham in the movie Goal.
Beckham said, "I want to teach kids how to play football when I finally _ ." "I believe that Goal will send a _ message to kids around the world."
Beckham, 29, said, "I think that Goal will make football more popular in America and Asia. I am very happy because I can help do it," he said.
The question is: How old is Beckham?
The possible answers are:
A:The story doesn't tell us.
B:Twenty-nine.
C:Twenty-two.
D:He is not old.So many of us expect everything we do to be successful. We look forward to success to show us our value or to be the top of the group wherever we are. How many times in our schooling did we hope for a high mark? We want it and then feel like a failure when we don't achieve what we want. Even when we succeed we still pass that and go onto the next success and then the next. We are not often taught how to face failures.
For me, failure taught me more than success did. Success is of the moment and temporary but failure means we have ever done. It makes me stop and think. It opened my eyes and brain to different possibilities. Failure is just a choice in redoing not in giving up. Experiencing failure,I looked deeper and further.
I have a grandson who plays hockey  and as all players do,he went through a _ . So I saw he was unhappy with himself. Then I said to him, "Why don't you think of it differently rather than being unhappy?" And I asked, "Scoring is your goal, right?" He answered,"Of course." "Why aren't you scoring now? Do you need a readjustment ?"All of a sudden he calmed down--he was thinking of what I had just said. So in the next game I saw him trying different things to do better. Later he started scoring. Now when something is wrong, he takes the time to think it over rather than just keeping the "failure" mode .
Look at failure differently. Failure is what gives us power to try a different way of doing things.
It teaches us to rethink, redo, and then success will come about. Don't give up but learn to use a different way.
The question is: According to the author,failure  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:is the thing that troubles people
B:is of the short term or temporary
C:makes us learn more than success does
D:can make him unhappy from time to timeInformation is received into our brain by attention, and its quality determines   how well _ will be processed, saved and used afterwards.
All information we receive is chosen by our attention. Factors   affecting   our attention are personal interest, experience, ability, feelings, knowledge, environment, timing, and so on. The same information may attract different forms and levels of attention from different people. Some people can get and save the information easily; some may have great difficulty; while others may just turn a blind eye to it. To the same information, one may even pay different levels of attention at different times. But if the facts work together, the quality of attention may be better. Therefore, it is not surprising to see that somebody with average intelligence   can have excellent performances in some fields.
The good news is that a person's attention can be shaped, trained and made stronger by effective exercise. With this in mind, we should keep improving the quality of our attention.
The question is: All information we receive depends on   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:information itself
B:our attention
C:our intelligence
D:the environmentI am Alice. I like We chat. It is fast, convenient and fashionable. And you can use it for free. It can be used in my mobile phone. It has hold-to-talk voice messaging function. I am a fan of Leehom Wang. Through We chat, Leehom Wang often says something to me. It's amazing.
I am David. I love Micro blog. I update my Micro blog when I am free. We can share instant  messages with each other. I often look through Yao Chen's Micro blog. She has many followers. I make many friends with them. I often write something on my Micro blog, for example, "I'm in blue today. I didn't pass the exam." Then many friends comfort me. I share my birthday party, my new phone, my new coat, etc. with my friends. It is fun.
I'm Lily. I don't like We chat or Micro blog. I don't believe them. There are so many crimes  on We chat. Many people are cheated because they believe in other people they meet on We chat easily. It is not a real world. As to Micro blog, I don't think it is a good way to make friends. And you should write something no more than 140 words. I like keeping diaries. I don't want my secrets known by others. I am a low-key  girl.
The question is: Why doesn't Lily believe We chat?
The possible answers are:
A:Because many people are cheated on We chat easily.
B:Because she doesn't like to say anything to her friends.
C:Because she doesn't think it is a good way to make friends.
D:Because she prefers keeping diaries to showing secrets to others.Little stream  ran down from a high mountain through many villages and forests. Then it reached a desert. "I went through so many difficulties.I should have no problem crossing the desert," she thought. As she started, she found herself slowly disappearing into the sand. After many tries, she still failed. "Maybe I can't reach the ocean," she said sadly to herself.
At this time, a deep voice said, "If a breeze can cross the desert,so can a river." It was the voice of the desert. But the little stream answered, "That's because a breeze can fly, but I cannot."
"That's because you _ what you are. Let yourself evaporate into the breeze, and it can take you across," said the desert. "Give up what I am now? No!No!" The little stream could not accept this idea. "The breeze can carry the vapor across the desert and let it leave as rain. The rain will form a river again," said the desert. "And whether you're a river or vapor, your nature never changes." Hearing this,the little stream went into the open arms of breeze. It carried her to the next stage of her life.
The course of our lives is like the experience of the little stream. If you want to go through difficulties in your life to head for success, you should also change the way you are sometimes.
The question is: What's the main idea of the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:Give up what you have
B:How to cross the desert
C:Change means success
D:The little stream and the desert1The Dream It is everyone's dream to work at home or not work at all. You can plan your own hours and work when you want to. There is no more rush hour and no hours that people waste when they get to and from a job every day.
2The Fact The fact is that this dream can be _ . You can stay at home,work when you want to and make money when you need to. There are plenty of opportunities for you to make money at home,just by using your computer and the Internet.
3Start Today! Educate yourself, look closely into all the opportunities and decide on what works best for you. It will not happen during one night, but you can make the decision today and start to make it happen today.
4How Could You Do It? Do you have a blog or a personal website like millions of other people? Are you using it to make money? Most of these blogs and website owners are not. But you can do that!
5 _ When you have your computer and the Internet working for you, your businesses will be working for you 24 hours a day, seven days a week. You will make money while you sleep, travel or do whatever you want to do all day long.
6Get Going! There are many ways you can make money with your computer. And you can begin your stay - at - home businesses with just a little money. What are you waiting for ?
The question is: What's the best title for Point 5 ?
The possible answers are:
A:Sleep 24 Hours a Day
B:Make Money Every Moment
C:Play All Day Long
D:Travel Around the WorldWhen I was in primary school, I got into a big argument   with a boy in my class. I forgot what the argument was about, but I will never forget the lesson I learned that day.
I thought that I was right and he was wrong - and he thought that I was wrong and he was right. The teacher decided to teach us a very important lesson.
In the middle of her desk was a large, round ball. I could clearly see that it was black. She asked the boy what color the ball was. "White," he answered.uShe brought us to the front of the class and asked him to stand on one side of her desk and me on the other.
I couldn't believe he said the ball was white, when it was obviously   black! Another argument started between us, this time about the color of the ball.
The teacher told us to change places and then asked me what color the ball was. I answered: "White."
It was a ball with two differently colored sides, and from his side it was white. Only from my side it was black.
Sometimes we need to look at problems from the other person's view in order to truly understand his or her perspective  .
The question is: When in the boy's place, the writer changed her answer because   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:the boy changed his answer too
B:the ball had two differently colored sides
C:she wanted to say sorry to the boy
D:the teacher said the boy was rightWang Bing is a 12-year-old boy. He likes sports very much and does well in sports.
One afternoon, he comes out of the classroom and sees his father waiting for him at the school gate. He is very glad and he runs to his father. "Dad, please don't wait for me after school next time. I can go home by myself . I have grown up." says Wang Bing.
"Let's go," says the father, "I'll cook supper and you can do your homework at home: Mum is still at work."On their way home, Wang Bing sees some boys skating in a park. "Can I go and learn skating. Dad?" asks Wang Bing. "I'm sorry, my boy. You must go home and do your homework," answers his father, "but I can buy you an ice-cream." Then his father buys an ice-cream for him. When Wang Bing wants to eat it, a fly  flies to the ice-cream.
"Drive off  the fly,' says his father, "it's very dirty  ."But Wang Bing says with a smile. "You don't let me skate, but can you let him skate for a while ?"
The question is: Wang Bing is good at   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:telling jokes
B:skating
C:skiing
D:sportsA: Good afternoon. Are you Zhang Li?
B: Yes, I am.
A: Is Li your family name?
B: No, Li is my given name. My family name is Zhang. What's your name?
A: My name is Alice. I'm from the USA.
B: Nice to meet you, Alice.
A: Nice to meet you, too! I'm a student in Sunny Middle School.
B: Oh, great! We are in the _ school. I'm in Class Three, Grade Seven. What class are you in?
A: I'm in Class Four, Grade Seven.
B: My English teacher is Mr. Miller. He is from the USA, too. Is he your English teacher?
A: No, he isn't. He's my father.
B: Oh? That's good. My QQ number is 2521786. Do you use QQ?
A: No, I don't . But you can call me at 789-0765.
B: OK, my phone number is 675-4721.
A:OK! See you!
B: Bye!
The question is: Which statement is right? (?)
The possible answers are:
A:Alice and Zhang Li meet in the morning.
B:Alice and Zhang Li are classmates.
C:Alice's father is an English teacher.
D:Alice has a QQ number.A baby carrier is like a backpack for carrying a baby. Ann Moore introduced the idea of a baby carrier to American people nearly 50 years ago.
Ann spent two years in Africa in the early 1960s. She worked as a nurse there. Ann saw babies wrapped in bright cloth tied to their mothers' backs. The babies snuggled   close to their mothers, and the mothers could use their hands to do other things.
In 1964, Ann had her own baby. She tried making a carrier like the one African mothers used. The carrier was like a backpack. Everywhere Ann went with her baby in the carrier, people asked, "Where can I buy one?" In 1965, Ann and her mother began to sell handmade carriers. Ann received a patent   for the baby carrier in 1969. By that time, the baby carrier had leg holes and straps   that could be made longer or shorter. It could also be worn on the back or front.
By 1979, the baby carriers were made in a factory. These baby carriers cost less to make and more than 25,000 were sold every month.
When Ann made her first baby carrier, she just wanted to keep her baby close and still have her hands free to do other things. Now all over the world babies ride in baby carriers, close to their parents, safe and happy.
,.
The question is: Ann Moore made her first baby carrier in  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:1964
B:1965
C:1969
D:1979What happens when five Chinese teachers take over a British classroom full of teenagers? The experimental program was designed to test how 50 students ages 13 and 14 at the Bohunt School in Hampshire would deal with a completely Chinese teaching method. With long school days and tough rules, it's considered to be "strict" to Westerners.
It took the BBC six months to choose suitable Chinese teachers. They had to be English, math, science or social science teachers with more than five years teaching experience in China. They also had to be able to teach in English. Though language was not a problem for the Chinese teachers, they weren't used to the difference between Chinese and British students. Li Aiyun from the Nanjing Foreign Language School told British media that when she handed out homework sheets, she expected the students to _ on their homework. "But when I walked in the classroom, some students were chatting, some students were eating, somebody was even putting make-up on her face. I had to control myself, or I would be crazy. About half of them tried their best to follow me. And the other half ? Who knows what they were doing?" she said.
While Rosie Lunskey, 15, told BBC interviewers that she found it difficult to get used to the Chinese teachers. "Acting like robots was the right way to go. I'm used to speaking my mind in class, giving ideas, often working in groups to develop my skills and improve my knowledge. But a lot of the time in the experiment, the only thing I felt I was learning was how to copy notes really fast and listen to the teacher, "she complained.
The question is: They didn't choose   _  teachers.
The possible answers are:
A:Science
B:English
C:Math
D:ChineseThe morning was cold and clear. A yellow bus came around the corner and stopped near a wood  . A coach asked the students to get off the bus. Girls began to gather by the starting line. One of them is a young, little girl. She had prepared for this running race for the whole summer. She looked around at the other girls, noticing how she was different.
There was a break in the silence, and everyone started to run. After about twenty-five minutes, every runner finished the race except the girl. She was still running for the next forty minutes. As she came near the finishing line, she saw her parents, classmates and the coach. They shouted her name and told her not to stop until the end. The sweat   was flowing down her face.
She kept on running until she crossed the line. I was that girl, and that was the first time I had finished a cross-country race  . Finishing this race made me realize that I could do anything with my own strength. After that, I took more hard work to practice running. I was not a natural-born runner, but I want to become one. I continued to struggle   with every run. Now I run much faster than before and become more and more confident. I am so thankful for running because it has helped make me who I am today.
The question is: What can we learn from the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:All good runners are natural-born.
B:The writer didn't use to be so confident.
C:A good coach is the most important for a runner.
D:The writer is a very good runner now.Dear Mum,
I don't think you understand my life. You think I should be studying all the time. I know you want me to find a good job when I grow up, but I would like to have a wonderful time, too. You never think about fun things for me to do like music, sports. Two days ago, when I was watching a football game on TV, you asked me to stop and do my homework. After finishing my homework, still I wasn't allowed  to read my football magazines. You said I had to go to bed early. That was bad enough, but yesterday was the worst day. I bought some computer games, and put them in my bag so that you wouldn't see them. I told you I had to do my homework first. I know it was wrong to lie  to you, but you told me that Dad would talk to me later. Mum, I didn't quite like what you did to me! I really love you, mum, but I wish you could try not to be so hard on me.
Love,
Zhang  Ning
The question is: Zhang Ning's mother wants him   _  when he grows up.
The possible answers are:
A:to be a teacher
B:to find a good job
C:to work in a big city
D:to become a football starOne day in April, a special activity called"Food Street"was held on the playground at Railway No. 1 Middle School in Xi'an.
This activity was part of the English Art Festival in the school. The students in each class were divided  into some groups. Each group sold different kinds of foods. The students did the shopping and the cooking all by themselves. The students cooked delicious food such as fried chicken, potato chips and vegetables. They all worked hard and sold the food at low prices. The customers  were all the students, teachers and parents. They were all pleased with the nice food.
"It's really hard work," said one of the students who took part in the activity. "We must make a plan before the cooking. We must know how much we should spend on the things we need. Also, we must learn how to serve customers well."
"This activity is to give a chance to students to develop  their practical abilities ," said one teacher, "What's more, the students will not only learn how to make money by their own hands, but also know the meaning of life. "
The question is: It seemed that   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:the food made by the students was not well received
B:the prices of the food were too high
C:the teachers and parents were satisfied with the students and food
D:the students didn't enjoy the activityTwo hunters rented  a small plane to fly them to a forest. They told the pilot to come back and pick them up in about two weeks. By the end of the two weeks, they had hunted a lot of animals and they wanted to put all of them onto the plane.
But the pilot said, "This plane can only take one lamb. You'll have to leave the others behind."
Then one hunter said, "But last year, another pilot with the same plane let us take two lambs and some other animals onto the plane."
So the new pilot thought about it. Finally he said, "OK, since you did it last year, I think this year we can do it again." Then they put all the animals they had hunted onto the plane, and the plane took off. Five minutes later, it crashed.
The three men looked around, and one hunter asked the other one, "Where do you think we are now?"
The other hunter looked around and said, "I think we're about one mile away from the place where the plane crashed last year."
The question is: What did the two hunters take onto the plane at last?
The possible answers are:
A:Nothing.
B:One lamb.
C:Two lambs.
D:All the animals they hunted.I'm a boy. My name is Zhao Ming. I am in No. 34 Middle School. I am in Class 1. My English teacher  is Mr Wang. My Chinese  teacher is Miss Wu. They are good teachers. I love them. I have  a good friend. His name is Tom. He is an English boy.
The question is: Zhao Ming is in   _   Middle School.
The possible answers are:
A:No. 43
B:No. 23
C:No. 31
D:No. 34Recently hand-foot-mouth disease has spread across China. In the past three months, there have been about 41,846 cases   in 30 provinces and regions. The number is increasing. Eighteen Chinese children have died of the disease so far this year.
What causes the disease and why is it dangerous?
Hand-foot-mouth disease is a common childhood illness. It mainly affects children under the age of 10. It gets its name from the rash   that develops on the hands and feet. It can also cause blisters   in your mouth.
A child who has the disease will usually have a fever, a runny nose and sore throat. He or she doesn't want to eat or drink because of pain in the mouth.
Hand-foot-mouth disease is mostly not serious. The fever and rash clear within a few days. But in some cases, the virus   affects the heart, lungs or brain. This puts the child's life in danger.
A virus causes hand-foot-mouth disease. The disease spreads easily where a lot of young children are together, such as in a child-care center. Sometimes it can also affect teenagers and adults.
In order not to pass on the virus, good hygiene   is important. We should wash our hands as often as possible. Especially we should wash our hands before meals and after going to the toilet.
The question is: From the passage, we know that the hand-foot-mouth disease   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:spreads easily among the young children
B:will not affect adults
C:didn't happen in China
D:starts from villagesBringing a giraffe into the world is _ . A baby giraffe is born 10 feet high and usually lands on its back. Within seconds it rolls over its legs under its body. Then the mother giraffe rudely introduces its children to the reality  of life.
In his book,A View from the Zoo, Gary Richmond describes how a new-born giraffe learns its first lesson.
The mother giraffe lowers her head long enough to take a quick look. Then she puts herself directly over her child. She waits for about a minute, and then she does the most unreasonable  thing. She throws her long leg and kicks her baby, so that it's sent sprawling .
When it doesn't get up, the process is repeated again and again. The struggle to rise is important. As the baby giraffe grows tired, the mother kicks it again. Finally, it stands for the first time on its shaky  legs. Then the mother giraffe kicks it off its feet again. Why? She wants it to remember how it got up. In the wild, a baby giraffe must be able to get up as quickly as possible to stay with its group, where there's safety.
Another writer named Irving Stone understood this. He spent a lifetime studying greatness, writing stories about such men as Michelangelo, Vincent van Gogh, Sigmund Freud, and Charles Darwin.
Stone was once asked if he had found something that runs through the lives of all these great people. He said, "I write about people who sometime in their life have a dream of something. They're beaten over the head, knocked down and for years they get nowhere. But every time they stand up again. And at the end of their lives they've realized some small parts of what they set out  to do ."
The question is: What would be the best title for the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:How to Raise a Baby Giraffe.
B:Learning to Get Back Up.
C:Stories about the great people.
D:A Mother Giraffe and Its Baby Giraffe.Chris Jones recently completed a very unusual journey. Our reporter Mary Owen met him at
his home in the south of London and be told her all about the trip.
Reporter: What gave you the idea to make a trip around India on an elephant, Chris?
Chris: Well, it all started the idea two years ago when I was planning a trip to India. I visited a
photo exhibition of elephants and I realized that the only enjoyable way to make a trip around
India was on an elephant.
Reporter: What did you do next?
Chris: I flew to New Delhi and started looking for an elephant, I needed an elephant trained to
carry people. I didn't know anything about elephants, so I asked an expert  for help. He
taught me how to ride an elephant. He also helped me find an elephant.
Reporter: How long did it take to find a suitable elephant?
Chris: Not too long. I bought a female elephant called Tara for about 6, 000 dollars.
Reporter: Can you tell me about the journey?
Chris: Tara and I set off from New Delhi a week later. We were going to Sonepur in northern
India. There is a big elephant market there and I could sell Tara easily. And what a ride! Elephants
can travel at about 6 miles an hour and Sonepur is more than 1, 200 km away. It took us 64 days to
complete the journey.
Reporter: Did you have any problems on your journey?
Chris: Yes, a few. But nothing serious. On the third day, Tara hurt her foot. Btu that got better
quickly. Also, there was a lot of heavy rain during the first week and we got very wet!
Reporter: What happened when you reached Sonepur?
Chris: My plan was to sell Tara. But I was very fond of her. I couldn't take her back to Britain
and I didn't want to sell her at the market. I happened to meet some people who wanted an
elephant for their national park in southern India. I knew that Tara would be safe with them, so I
gave her to them. I was very sad to say goodbye.
The question is: Chris got the idea to make a trip around India on an elephant from   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:a visit to a zoo
B:an elephant expert from India
C:the photos of elephant
D:an old friend who lived in IndiaMy Plan for Learning English
Many students and teachers always ask this question"What's the best way to learn English well?"Different people have different answers.Here is my plan for learning English.It is based on my own experience in learning languages.It helped me when I learned English.I hope that it can help you,too.
*Speak to Americans as much as possible.
*Write,write,write--letters,e-mails,notes,etc.
*Make phone calls to practise your English.
*Watch TV and movies.
*Listen to the radio.
*Read as much as possible.
It is important to believe that you will improve your English.Sometimes when you make plans,they seem very difficult.Progress comes little by little.Think about where you are today,and where you were last week or last month.Maybe it doesn't seem you have come very far.But if you stop and think about where you were six months ago,or even a year ago,then you will see your _ .That progress gives you hope.Keep on studying,and you will reach your goal sooner or later!
The question is: What do students and teachers often ask?
The possible answers are:
A:How to speak English well.
B:How to write English well.
C:How to read English well.
D:How to learn English well.When you see the girl for the first time, you may think she is a boy. She is very outgoing . Who is she? Wang Meng, the Chinese top skater.
On the evening of February 26th, 2010, Wang Meng first got to the finishing line in 1 minute and 29.213 seconds in the women's 1000 meters short track speed skating final at the Vancouer Olympic Winter Games . After she succeeded in the 500-meter and 3000-meter races, she won her third gold medal this time. With this one China won four gold medals in the women's short track speed skating. That helped China first win the team gold medal in Winter Olympics history.
Just before the final race Wang Meng caught a bad cold and coughed terribly. With the words of "You can, you can do!" she won at last. She said, "I really feel these three gold medals belong to my team, to China. It was with the help of my team that I won the prize."
Though Wang Meng is only twenty-four, she has been the most successful Chinese skater. Chinese are proud of her and her team. We hope she will be faster in Sochi Olympics in 2014.
The question is: China won   _  gold medals in the women's short track speed skating.
The possible answers are:
A:2
B:3
C:4
D:5In ancient times, there was a painter. He was good at painting flowers and birds. But he never stopped practicing until he became very famous.
An emperor of China also loved paintings,especially roosters . So he asked the famous painter to paint a rooster for him. He wanted the rooster to be the best among all his collections.
The painter promised to do so. The emperor waited and waited for one year.,but he didn't get the picture. He couldn't waited to see the painter. He became angry and wanted to kill him. So the painter hurried into the palace with paper,paint and a brush. In five minutes, a perfect rooster was on the paper.
After seeing this,the emperor became much angrier. "Since you can paint a rooster in five minutes, why did you keep me waiting for over a year?"he asked.
"Your Majesty ,"said the artist. "I will let you know why.But you'll have to come with me. " he invited the emperor to his house. There, there were piles and piles of paper. On every piece of paper was a painting of a rooster.
"Your Majesty ,"said the painter. "It took me more than one year to improve my painting skill in order to paint a perfect rooster for you.
The question is: The emperor wanted to kill the painter because  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:the painter refused to draw rooster
B:the painter couldn't draw rooster well
C:he couldn't find the painter anywhere
D:he couldn't wait to see his paintingMr. Johns and Mr. Brown worked in the same office. One day Mr. Johns said to Mr. Brown, "I'm going to have a small party at my house next Wednesday evening. Would you and your wife like to join us?"
Mr. Brown said, "Thank you very much. That is very kind of you. We are free that evening, I think. But I will telephone my wife and ask her. Maybe she wants to go somewhere else that evening." So Mr. Brown went to the other room and telephoned. When he came back, he looked very sorry.
" What's the matter?" said Mr. Johns, "Did you speak to your wife?"
"No," answered Mr. Brown, "She wasn't there. My small son answered the telephone. I said to him, 'Is your mother there, David?' and he answered, 'No, she is not in the house.' 'Where is she then?' I asked. 'She is somewhere outside.' 'What is she doing?' 'She is looking for me.'"
The question is: The telephone was   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:in the same office
B:in a room next to the office
C:in the post office
D:near Mr. Johns' houseHearing the front door open, I ran down to the kitchen and waited. I saw my dad come in, with the white envelope   in his hand. I had waited all day for this, so I reached over him for it as soon as he set foot into the house. Angrily, he threw the envelope on the table and said it was nothing to get excited about, and that it was just a piece of paper. I took it and ran upstairs. I wondered why my dad did not understand how anxious   I was to see my mid-year report card for my first year in middle school. I was really hurt by how he refused to consider all my hard work.
I saw my class grade: No. 1. I did not believe what I was. I smiled and wanted to run downstairs to tell everyone. Then I remembered what my dad had said--it was nothing to get excited about. I wanted to share my happiness with someone, but felt lonely.
I realized that I stayed away from my family we used to stay up late watching Disney movies, and my brothers, sisters and I would play tennis in the backyard all the time. I wondered when all that stopped. I just no longer took part in them. I spent all my time on my school work.
While I had been busy with my study, I had also built a wall between me and my family.
I was only trying to become a person everyone could be proud of. I wanted to go downstairs, say sorry for my rude behavior and for every refused movie and tennis game, and be part of my family again. I knew I had to do something--because without their support, my achievement meant nothing.
The question is: t's very clear that the writer did  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:much worse in his study than she had expected
B:a lot better in his study than she had expected
C:as well as she had expected in his study
D:not well as she had expected in his studySome time ago I received a gift from both of my children. It had nothing to do with Father's Day. Yet, at the same time it had everything to do with Father's Day.
My son was studying in a high school in Colorado. He lived in the school. While we were talking on the phone he shared some wonderful news with me.
He said, "You know Dad, I am really happy with my life. I can't think of a thing that I would change about the way that I grew up, or the way that my life is now. "
My daughter was living with her mother in Northern California at that time. She said almost the same thing to me just a few days later.
Of course, I was delighted to hear this from both of them. And I told them both  how happy I was, not only that they were happy ,but that they expressed it to me.
And that was the gift that they were giving me ---with the heart to communicate. Certainly I hope for good news when I hear from them. But mostly I love that they will share their real feelings with me. Happy or sad, I love to be touched by their real thoughts and feelings.
For a child, Father's Day isn't really about giving Dad a gift. It is about understanding the love that fathers express when they help put food on the table, teach their child to ride a bike, cheer at a soccer game, etc.
For a father, Father's Day isn't so much about receiving gifts for a job well done. Remember, the greatest gift that we give our children is the real expression of our love. It isn't enough for them to feel love inside ourselves: we need to express that love.
The question is: The writer's daughter  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:loved her mother more than him
B:was studying in Colorado
C:told him she was happy with her life
D:once lived aloneTravelling around the world is a dream for many people, but a young couple from China has made his dream come true. They drove along the ancient Silk Road, from China to the UK.
Luo Chang and Ding Jie, a young couple from China's Guizhou Province, spent two months drving from their home in Shanghai all the way to London. The journey covered about 20,000 kilometer, and they crossed 14 countries and regions .
Ding Jie said, " People were excited to see two travelers driving a foreign license car, appearing on their streets. We were stopped many times to take photos with them. Sometimes, when we couldn't understand each other's language, they would express their ideas with gestures .
During their driving trip, they also spent many nights in local people's homes. Luo Chang said, "This is an amazing experience. We were driving on a highway or a country road to someone's home. Someone you've never met but was already preparing dinner for you. We feelwe have friends all over the world.
During the trip, Luo and Ding took nearly 10,000 photos and kept diaries to record the beautiful scenery , the friendly people and the different customs on the way.
,.
The question is: During the trip, the couple recorded the following EXCEPT   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:beautiful scenery
B:friendly people
C:different customs
D:foreign licensesThis is a picture of Kate Green's family. In the picture we can see her grandparents, herparents, her brother Mike and her. Her grandparents are on the chair. Mr Green and Mrs  Greenare behind them. Mike is under the window.  Kate is on the floor. What's behind Kate? It's a cat. It's black and white.
The question is: Where is Mrs Green?
The possible answers are:
A:Under the window.
B:On the floor
C:On the chair
D:Behind Kate's grandparentsMrs. Brown lived in a small town near a big farm. One Friday afternoon, after she finished doing housework, she went to her small shop. She opened the window of the shop and looked outside. She liked to see the green farm. There were many cows, horses, and small animals on the farm.
Suddenly she saw a kangaroo under her window. It was interesting to see that the kangaroo was wearing an old jacket. It stood there and looked hungry. Mrs. Brown gave some bread and waterto it. The kangaroo had them all. Then it became happy and jumped away. Suddenly something dropped on the ground there was $300 and a photo in it. That was a man's photo with his name "John" on it. John? She looked more carefully and remembered she had a brother many years ago. His name was also John. "Is this man my lost brother?" She thought.
She took the wallet with her and began to look for the man. She asked many people in the town, and then she came to the farm and asked the farmer. To her great surprise, it was John, her lost brother. They were very excited and happy to see each other.
The question is: Which is not mentioned(,) in the story?
The possible answers are:
A:kangaroo
B:cow
C:cock
D:horseHello! I'm Mark Smith. I'm an American boy. I'm 12 years old. This is my little sister, Ann . She is five. My family are in China now. Because my father and my mother work in China. They are English teachers. They work hard. The students all like them.
Now I'm a middle school student. I have a friend at school. He's a Chinese boy. He's very good. His name is Huang Long. His English name is Bill. But I don't know his family name. Can you tell me?
The question is: What's my sister's name?
The possible answers are:
A:Smith Ann
B:Smith
C:Ann
D:MarkNobody knows who invented the pencil or when it was invented. A Swiss  described a pencil in a book in 1565. He said it was a piece of wood with lead inside it . Pencils weren't popular, and people continued to write with pens. In 1795,someone started making pencils from graphite  and they became very popular. Today, people make pencils in the same way. They make the graphite into the shape of a stick, and then they put it inside a piece of wood. One pencil can make a line as long as 55 kilometers. When people first wrote with pens , they had to put the penpoint into ink after every few letters. Later someone invented a fountain pen  and this kind of pen could hold ink inside. A fountain pen can write several pages before you have to fill it again.
Two brothers, Ladislao and Georg Biro, invented the ballpoint pen that we use today. They left their country Hungary and started producing ballpoint pens in England in 1943 during World War II. Later, a French company called Bic bought the Biro's company. Someone calls ballpoint pens bics. Australians call them biros. Whatever we call them, we use them every day.
The question is: Where were Ladislao and Georg Biro from?
The possible answers are:
A:America.
B:Australia.
C:England.
D:Hungary.Two children stood outside the door with old coats. "Any old papers, Lady?" asked one of them.
I was busy. I wanted to say no, but I saw that their shoes were broken and wet. "Come in and I'll make you a cup of hot tea." They came in, saying nothing. Their shoes left snow on the floor.
I gave them tea and bread to protect them against the cold outside. Then I went back to the kitchen and started my housework again.
The silence in the front room surprised me. I looked in.
The girl held the empty cup in her hands, looking at it. The boy asked me in a low voice, "Lady, are you rich?"
Am I rich? Oh, no! I looked at my old things in my room.
The girl put her cup back in its saucer  carefully. "Your cups match your saucers."
They left then, holding their papers against the wind. They hadn't said thank you. They didn't need to. They had done more than that. The blue cups and saucers were simple. But they said that they matched. The potatoes and meat before me, a roof over our hands, my husband with a job--these things matched, too.
I moved the chairs back from the fire and cleaned the living room. The prints of their small shoes were still wet on my floor. I let them be. I wanted them there to remind me how rich I was.
The question is: The writer let the two children in   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:to offer them some warm clothes
B:to serve them tea and food
C:to sell them some old papers
D:to show them how rich she was.Many teenagers  feel that the most important people in their lives are their friends. They believe that their family members don't know them as well as their friends do. In large families, it's quite often for brothers and sisters to fight with (...)each other and then they can only go to their friends for some ideas. It is very important for teenagers to have one good friend or a group of friends in their lives.
Even when they are not with their friends, they usually spend a lot of time talking among(......) them on the phone. This communication is very important in children's growing up, because friends can discuss  something. These things are difficult to say to their family members in fact.
However, parents often try to choose their children's friends for them. Some parents even stop their children from meeting their good friends. Have you ever thought of the following questions?
Who choose your friends?  Do you choose your friends or your friends choose you? Have you got a good friend your parents don't like? Your answers are welcome.
Choose the best answers:(. )
The question is: Which of the following is the writer's attitude ?
The possible answers are:
A:Parents should choose friends for their children.
B:Children should choose everything they like.
C:Parents should understand their children better.
D:Teenagers should go to their friends for help.Hello! My name is Mike. I am from America. Now I am with my parents. I like breakfast at home. I have an egg, some bread and porridge  for breakfast. I do not like milk. I have no time to go home for lunch. So I have it at school. The lunch in our school is good. I can have different food for lunch. I eat rice, meat and vegetables. Sometimes I have noodles and dumplings. I have dinner at home with my parents. Sometimes we go out to eat with friends. We have chicken, vegetables and fruit.
The question is: Sometimes they have dinner  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:at school
B:in a restaurant with some friends
C:at his friend's home
D:in the open airNora is an American girl. She studies in a middle school. She has a little sister. Her name is Kate. Kate is only four. Nora likes Kate very much.
Today is Sunday. Nora wants her pen. She takes out her pencil case. "Oh, dear! Where's my pen?" She can't find her pen. She goes to ask her sister in her bedroom.
"Kate! I can't find my pen. Can you see......Oh, what are you doing with   my pen?"
"I'm writing to my friend, Betty." Kate answers. "But how can you? You don't know what to write."."It doesn't matter  . Betty can't read." Kate says.
The question is: Who are sisters?    _
The possible answers are:
A:Nora and Kate.
B:Nora and Betty.
C:Betty and Kate.
D:Nora, Betty and Kate.In ancient China, the State of Wu made an attack on the State of Yue. The king of Wu was badly hurt and soon died. His son Fu Chai became the new king. Fu was very sad and angry and he decided to fight back for his father's death. He trained his army strictly until it was very strong. Three years later, he led his army against the State of Yue and caught its king Gou Jian, who was taken to the State of Wu.
Gou Jian was put into a small black stone house which was full of terrible smell and was made to raise  horses. Gou worked hard and tried to keep himself quiet, but he never forgot his pain. Many years later, he was set free. Gou secretly trained his army after he went back to his own state. In order to make himself strong-minded he slept on firewood and ate a gall bladder before having dinner and going to bed every night. After a few years, his country became strong once more. Then Gou took hold of a golden chance to fight against Wu and won the war in the end.
If one voluntarily  works very hard and voluntarily stands up to pains and difficulties in order to succeed, we might call him a"Gou Jian", and his story, a"Gou Jian's story".
The question is: Gou Jian   _   when he was in the state of Wu.
The possible answers are:
A:ate gall bladders
B:raised horses
C:trained his army
D:forgot his painThis story is about a young man. He worked hard at his lessons. He was too busy. He didn't have time to rest, so he was ill. Every night, when he went to bed, he closed his eyes and tried to sleep . But he couldn't. He thought: "I must go to see the doctor." He said to the doctor. "I can't go to sleep at night." "Try counting numbers. When you reach one thousand, you'll be asleep." The next day the man came back to the doctor's office. "Well," said the doctor, "How are you today?"
"Yes, he said," I tried counting one, two, three. . . up to  one thousand. But when I reached five hundred and sixty-nine, I began to feel sleepy  . I had to get up and drank some tea. Then I went on counting up to one thousand. But I still couldn't fall asleep.
The question is: The young man   _   in fact.
The possible answers are:
A:didn't understand the doctor's words.
B:couldn't count numbers
C:didn't try to sleep
D:wasn't ill at allSharks   are the most frightening animals in the sea. Sometimes we can see sharks swimming in the sea around Hong Kong. People put nets around some beaches to protect swimmers. When there is a "shark's flag", people must slay on the beach. It will be too late if a shark can swim sixty kilometers an hour to you.
There are 30 kinds of sharks and 25 kinds of them are dangerous. The whale sharks are very big. They can grow to 18 meters long, but they are not dangerous to people. The jaws   and the tiger sharks are the most dangerous kinds of sharks.
Do you know all sharks must keep swimming, or they will go down? All sharks can feel everything that happens around them. We must keep _ and don't make any noise when a shark is swimming near you.
If a shark loses a tooth, a new one will grow out very quickly. So sharks always have many sharp teeth.
The question is: Why do people put nets around some beaches?
The possible answers are:
A:To keep swimmers running.
B:To keep swimmers swimming.
C:To keep swimmers safe.
D:To keep sharks swimming.Jay Chou was born on January 18, 1979, in Taiwan, China. He grew up with his mother, and was a quiet and shy kid. He didn't do well in study, so people thought he would never be successful in life.
As a small child, Jay took a great interest in music. His mother sent him to learn the piano when he was only three years old. He loved it and kept on practicing. When he was in high school, he could play the piano quite well. At the same time, he showed his talent for writing songs.
Before Jay became a singer, he worked as a songwriter. For two years, he spent most of his time writing for singers. Some of them were very famous, like Coco Less and Jacky Cheung. Jay released  his first album  in 2000 and soon he got quite popular.
Now Jay is one of the most famous singers in Asia. However, he is still shy and doesn't speak clearly when he sings or talks, but he has a lot of fans. Most of his fans like him because he is really good at music and never follows  others.
The question is: Which of the following about Jay Chou is NOT true .
The possible answers are:
A:He is a good-looking singer.
B:He has a lot of fans
C:He doesn't speak clearly
D:His songs are different from othersTed, my little brother, is in Grade One. Last Friday he came back from school with a letter.  The letter was from his teacher. "I got a red flower today. Could you please sign this note?" he said to Mum. The note showed that he had been talking in class.
Ted hardly gets top scores in his school work. The best he gets is "OK", but often he gets "You can do better than this." Mum knows what it means. She tells me "You can do better than this" means "Extremely bad" in China.
In the USA, teachers never say anything too bad about their students, even if the students are making trouble in class or not working hard enough. The worst they might say is "Please be nicer tomorrow". Many parents are satisfied with--- a B-grade for each subject.
But things in Chinese schools are quite different. Parents have _ for their children. I sometimes felt that my second-grade cousin spent more time on homework than I did when I was a 6thgrader in the USA! Yet his parents and teachers didn't think he worked hard enough.
Is it too strict in China? Or is it not strict enough in the USA? Maybe both are true.
The question is: American parents will be  _  when their children get a B-grade in their school.
The possible answers are:
A:excited
B:sad
C:angry
D:happyHe was surprised to see that the chicken was keeping up with him. Looking at his speedometer  , he found that he was doing 50 miles per hour (MPH).
Then he drove at 60 MPH, and the chicken stayed right next to him. He sped up to 75 MPH and _ still kept up.
The man then found that the chicken had three legs. Growing even more curious  , he followed the chicken down a road and into a farm. He got out of his car and saw that all the chickens around him had three legs.
He asked the farmer, "What's up with the three-legged chickens?"
The farmer said, "Well, whenever we have chicken for diner, everyone in the family fights over the legs, but there are only two. I have raised a kind of three-legged chicken. It's going to make me richer."
"How do they taste?" the man asked.
The farmer said, "Don't know yet, I haven't been able to catch one."
The question is: How did the man feel when he saw the chicken keeping up with him?
The possible answers are:
A:Happy.
B:Scared.
C:Angry.
D:Surprised.Found:A black watch
Is this your watch?It is found in the classroom. Please call Jessica at 36206018.
Lost:My school card
My name is David Hand. The number of my school card is 20070107. Please call me at 33429703 or my friend Judy. Her phone number is 33073061. Thank you.
The question is: What's the color of the watch?
The possible answers are:
A:White
B:Black
C:Red
D:I don't knowPeter is a boy. His full name is Peter Brown. He is nine years old. His telephone number is 010-55882226. Peter has an email address. It's peterbrown@hotmail.com. He likes singing and dancing.
Jane is Peter's sister. Jane is seven years old. Her QQ number is 735469. Jane's email address is janebrown@hotmail.com. She is good at swimming and playing volleyball.
The question is: 735469 is   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:Peter's QQ number
B:Jane's QQ number
C:Peter's phone number
D:Jane's phone numberWe all know that every class has its own rules, like "No smoking!", "No eating!" and "No sleeping!". Our class used to be noisy, because some students were talking when a student was answering the teacher's questions. So our head teacher made some class rules.
In class, we should observe   the rules. Now, I list some rules in our class:
1. No talking when Someone is speaking.
2. No sleeping in class.
3. No eating in class.
4. Students can't arrive late for school. Be always on time.
5. No playing in class.
6. No laughing when someone makes a mistake.
7. No smoking or drinking.
8. Students can't dye   hair. Boys can't let their hair grow too long.
9. In the schoolyard  , students can't ride bikes.
10. Students can't fight with each other.
Maybe some students don't obey some of the rules. They may smoke, fight and dye hair. But most students think the rules are fine and say they will obey the rules. I think because our class has such rules, we will study better and better.
The question is: _  mentions   that the students can't smoke or drink.
The possible answers are:
A:The second rule
B:The fourth rule
C:The seventh rule
D:The tenth ruleThere is a shy girl in our class.She is thirteen years old.She is not tall and she is not short.She is a little fat.Her face is round,like an apple.She has two big black eyes and a small nose.Her mouth is big,but her ears are small.Her hair is short and black.She likes red.But today she is wearing a yellow sweater,blue jeans and white shoes.She dislikes getting up early,so she is usually late for school.She doesn't like to talk to others.She likes little animals.She has a little black dog.She and the dog are good friends.
The question is: She likes the color   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:red
B:blue
C:yellow
D:whiteWe all dream about things that we would like to do and things we hope to achieve in the future. But are everybody's dreams the same? Here are some of the findings of a survey about hopes and dreams,and thousands of students across China took part in it.
 _ 
We received several different answers to the question:What would you like to do after finishing your education? It seems some students would like to start work as soon as possible, so that they can help provide better lives for their parents. Other students hope to continue studying after finishing school and to go to university. Although money is important, many teenagers said they want to do jobs they enjoy. According to the survey, the most popular choice of job is computer programming.
 _ 
Teenagers have all kinds of dreams. Some are more realistic  than others. For example, many students said they would like to be volunteers if Beijing could hold the World Cup, maybe working as translators or tour guides. And quite a few said they dream of going to the moon one day. According to the survey, less realistic dreams are also common, but many students reported that they were willing to work hard to achieve their dreams. Quite a few dream of becoming famous, perhaps famous sports people or singers. Some said they'd like to go on exciting trips; one student said she'd love to sail across the Pacific Ocean. And then there are dreams that are impossible; three students said they'd like to be able to fly!
 _ 
It was clear from the survey that teenagers have similar hopes. It seems that most students hope to have a good education and find a good job. Besides,students dream of very different things:good things, and even crazy things. It is very important to dream, so hold on your dreams; one day they may just come true.
The question is: How many realistic dreams are mentioned in the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:Three.
B:Four.
C:Five.
D:Six.When an earthquake hit a small town,many houses fell down.After the earthquake,all the newspapers reported many stories about some of the families in trouble.
One Sunday, when I was reading a newspaper, a special picture touched me.It gave the clothing sizes of each family member.I thought that this would be a good chance to teach my children to help those who were less lucky than themselves.I said to my seven-year-old twins,Brad and Brett,and three-year-old Meghan."We have so much,and these poor people now have nothing.We'll share what we have with them."
I filled a box with food and clothes.While I was doing this,I encouraged the boys to choose their toys and donate some of their less favourite things.Meghan watched quietly as the boys took out their old toys and games and put them together.Then she walked away.A few minutes later she came back with Lucy, her much-loved doll.She put the doll on top of the other toys."Oh,dear" I said."You don't have to give Lucy.You love her so much."Meghan said,"Lucy makes me happy,Mommy.Maybe she'll make another little girl happy, too."I looked at Meghan for a long moment.She taught me a lesson.It's easy to give something that we don't want any more,but harder to give what we cherish ,isn't?
The question is: How many children does the writer have?
The possible answers are:
A:One.
B:Two.
C:Three.
D:Four.Here is a photo of my family. These are my parents, Jack Ken and Mary Ken. My father is a teacher and my mother is a nurse . This is my brother David and this is my sister Jane. And the little girl is me .I have  a happy family. I love my family.
The question is: Jack Ken and Mary Ken have   _  son(s) and   _   daughter(s).
The possible answers are:
A:one; two
B:one; three
C:two; one
D:one; oneOur nearest neighbor is the moon. In the sky,  the moon and the sun seem to be of the same size because the moon is much nearer.
The moon makes the tides--the changes in the level of the sea. The moon and the sun together pull the sea. In some parts of the world,  the difference between * high tide' (when the sea is very near to the land) and ' low tide' (when the sea is far away from the land) is very big. This is very important for ships.
The moon is very different from the Earth. Gravity on the moon is six times weaker than that on the Earth. There isn't any air. During the day,  it is very,  very hot but at night it is very,  very cold. Nothing can live on the moon.
If the moon goes between the Earth and the sun,  we have an eclipse of the sun  . The moon stops the light from the sun and we have night in the day.
If the Earth goes between the moon and the sun,  we have an eclipse of the moon. The moon goes into the shadow( ) of the Earth and it disappears for a few minutes.
The question is: Which of the following happens when we have an eclipse of the moon?
The possible answers are:
A:The Earth goes between the moon and the sun.
B:The moon goes into the shadow of the sun.
C:The moon goes into the shadow of its own.
D:The sun disappears for a few minutes.A young man worked very hard at his lessons. He was too busy to have a rest. At last, he became ill, so he couldn't go to sleep. Every night, when he went to bed, he closed his eyes and tried to sleep. But he always stayed awake and couldn't fall asleep.
After some days, he decided to see a doctor. "I just can't go to sleep at night. What should I do? Could you please help me?"
"I have a suggestion ,"said the doctor. "Try counting numbers. By the time you reach one thousand, you'll be asleep. I'm sure of it."
The next day the man returned to the doctor's office. "Well," said the doctor, how are you today? Did you try my suggestion?"
The man still looked tired. "Yes," he said, "I tried counting one, two, and three-- up to one thousand. But when I reached five hundred and sixty-nine, I began to feel sleepy. I had to get up and drink some tea so that I could go on counting up to one thousand. But then I still couldn't fall asleep."
The question is: The young man   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:counted from 569 to 1000
B:counted from 1 to 1000 and fell asleep
C:counted from 1 to 569 and got up to drink some tea
D:counted from 1 to 569 and fell asleepRobert is eleven years old. He loves to watch TV. But for one full year, he did not watch TV at all. What was the reason? Robert's parents said they would give him $500 if he didn't watch TV for a year.
Robert's parents thought he watched too much TV. One day his mother saw a newspaper story about a boy who didn't watch TV for a year. She showed the story to Robert. "It was a joke," his mother said, "I didn't think he would do it." But Robert liked the idea. He turned off the TV right away. He said, "It doesn't matter to me whether to watch TV or not. I just want the money."
At first, Robert's parents were very happy. Robert read the newspaper, played outside, played computer games, and played cards with his mother. But after a while, he got bored. Every evening, he asked his parents, "What are we doing tonight?" Sometimes his mother and father wished he would watch TV, just for one evening. Robert always said, "No, it would cost me money!"
Finally the year was over. Then Robert started watching his favourite TV shows all day long again. Robert got the money from his parents. What does he plan to do with the $500? "I want to buy myself a TV set!" he said.
The question is: What is Robert's hobby?
The possible answers are:
A:Playing games.
B:Reading newspapers.
C:Talking with his parents.
D:Watching TV.Mrs. Brown lives in a small village. Her husband is dead. She has a son but no daughters. His name is John and he is twenty-five. After John finishes college  , he gets work in a big city, New York, and he lives there. It's quite a long way from his mother's home, and she is not happy about it. But John says, "There is no good work for me in this small village, Mother, and I can get a lot of money in New York. Then I can give much to you."
One day Mrs. Brown is very angry. She takes a train to her son's house in New York. Then she says to him. "John, why do you never call me?"
"But mother," John laughs   and says, "You don't have a telephone with you."
"No," she says, "I haven't, but you have one."
The question is: Why does John never call his mother?
The possible answers are:
A:John doesn't want to do that
B:John has no telephone
C:His mother has no telephone
D:His mother doesn't want to answerOne day a great general  asks his soldiers, "What is the strongest power  in the world? " Four of his soldiers put up their hands. They want to answer the question. The general asks the first man to speak. The man is younger than the other three, and he's not strong. He says, "My gun  is the strongest. It can kill anyone."  "Thank you. Next, please." The second man is very strong. He says, "I don't think so. Soldiers use guns. So the soldier is the strongest." The third man says, "Soldiers use guns, but our general gives orders. So I think our general is the strongest." The fourth man is the oldest. He says, "Love is the strongest. For love, people don't use guns." The general says nothing. He takes out a medal and gives it to him.
The question is: The second man is   _   than the   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:stronger; other three
B:older; fourth man
C:younger; third man
D:taller; generalJim is my good friend. We are in the same school. He is an American. We are good friends. This is Jim's bedroom. It's not big, but new. A black desk is in the room. Some English books are on the desk. Jim's backpack is on it. The backpack is yellow, but old. What's under the red chair? It's a white cat. It's a Chinese cat. Its name is Mimi. Jim's father is in the living room. He is about fifty years old. Where is his mother? She is in the bedroom. She is a teacher.
The question is: Jim and I are   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:American
B:in the same school
C:girls
D:boysToday, roller skating is easy and fun. But, before 1750, the idea of skating didn't exist . That changed because of a man named Joseph Merlin. Merlin's work was making musical instruments.
One day Merlin was invited to a music party. He was very pleased and a little excited. As the day of the party came near, Merlin began to think how to make a grand entrance   at the party. He had an idea. He thought he would get a lot of attention if he could skate into the room.
Merlin tried different ways to make himself roll. Finally, he decided to put two wheels under each shoe. These were the first roller skates in the world. Merlin was very proud of his invention and dreamed of getting to the party on wheels while playing the violin.
On the night of the party Merlin rolled into the room playing his violin. Everyone was surprised to see him. There was just one problem. Merlin had no way to stop his roller skates. He rolled on and on, suddenly, he ran into a huge mirror that was hanging on the wall. Down fell the mirror, breaking into pieces. Nobody forgot Merlin's entrance!
The question is: The idea of roller skating didn't exist   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:until 1750
B:after 1750
C:since 1750
D:from 1750E-book is short for electronic( ) book. It is usually read on personal computers. Some
mobile phones can also be used to read e-books.
Earlier e-books were written for a specific group of readers and were about only a few subjects. With the development of the internet, knowledge and answers to a lot of questions mainly come from e-books. This is why the e-book business is increasing quickly
E-books have many advantages. First, they save time. We don't need to go to a bookstore to buy books, besides, we can find the topic we want to know about on the Internet, and then we can quickly get many e-books on similar topics. Second, e-books save money. Some e-books cost a little money, and there are millions of e-books on the Internet that we can get for free. Third, more trees are saved because e-books don't need to be printed  on paper. Fourth, e-books make reading more convenient. You can carry a whole library of hundreds of books with you in a small computer or any e-book reader   without worrying about their weight.
But e-books have certain disadvantages. They need a personal computer or an e-book reader and the information can be lost if its file format   is not supported or changed in the reader's computer.
However, e-books provide us with a new way of reading. That is good.
,.
The question is: Which of the following is true according to this article?
The possible answers are:
A:E-books can't be red on mobile phones.
B:All the e-books on the Internet cost lots of money.
C:E-books can make reading more convenient.
D:You can't read e-books without a personal computer.Michael Jordan is one of the most famous basketball players in the world. He was born in Brooklyn, New York. He didn't like to talk to other people about himself. He was very short and he didn't play basketball very well when he joined the basketball team in his high school at first. But the next year, things changed greatly as he grew much taller.
Michal Jordan became famous when he joined the university basketball team in North Carolina. Michael used his quickness and strength to reach the basketball. He played so well that people called him "Air Jordan".
After college, Michael became a basketball team member in the Chicago Bulls. The NBA was very surprised at this high--flying player. He was named "Rookie "of the year in 1985 and "the Most Valuable Player" in 1987. He once set a record by getting 63 points in one game.
,,.
The question is: At first he was very short, so he   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:played very well
B:played not very well
C:played very bad
D:didn't play very wellEveryone wants to be healthy. Food is very important. There are a lot of healthy food. You can eat more apples, bananas, oranges and tomatoes because fruits and vegetables are good for your health. But don't eat too much chocolate. It's not healthy food. Healthy food can make you grow and make you strong and happy. Remember there is a saying, "An apple a day keeps the doctor away". Sports can also keep you healthy. Get up early and play sports every day. Don't be lazy! You will be healthy and happy.
The question is: Why are healthy foods good for you?
The possible answers are:
A:They make you happy.
B:They make you grow strong.
C:They make you grow.
D:They make you grow and make you strong and happy.A poor farmer had never left his small village. After he made a lot of money, he decided to spend a holiday in an excellent hotel in a big town.
When lunchtime came on his first day there, he went to eat it in the restaurant of the hotel in his new clothes. The headwaiter showed him to the table, took his order and went away. When he returned and looked at the farmer again, he was surprised. The farmer had tied his table cloth round his neck.
The headwaiter immediately told another waiter to go to the farmer and tell him that people mustn't do such a thing in his restaurant. So the waiter went to the farmer and said in a friendly voice, "Good morning, Sir. Would you like a haircut.?"
The question is: To his surprise, the headwaiter found that the farmer  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:was sitting at the table along
B:he wore his new clothes
C:used the table cloth as a napkin
D:took the restaurant for a barber's shopOnce there was a piano player in a bar  . People came just to hear him play. But one night, a lady asked him to sing a song.
"I don't sing," said the man.
But the lady told the waiter, "I'm tired of listening to the piano. I want the player to sing!"
The waiter shouted across the room, "Hey, friend! If you want to get paid, sing a song!"
So he did. He had never sung in public before. Now he was singing for the very first time! Nobody had ever heard the song Mona Lisa sung so beautifully!
He had talent  he was sitting on! He may have lived the rest of his life as a no-name piano player in a no-name bar. But once he found, by accident, that he could sing well, he went on working hard and became one of the best-known singers in the US. His name was Nat King Cole.
You, too, have skills and abilities. You may not feel that your talent is great, but it may be better than you think. With hard work, most skills can be improved. Besides, you may have no success at all if you just
your talent.
The question is: The lady asked the player to sing a song because    _   .
The possible answers are:
A:she had paid him for this
B:she knew him very well
C:she was tired of listening to the piano.
D:she enjoyed his singingPerhaps the only test score that I remember is the 55 when I was in high school.
The test was the final for a course. I remember waiting anxiously as my teacher Mr. Right passed out our papers one by one. It was a rather difficult test. I heard my classmates groaning , and I could tell by the groans that the scores weren't looking good.
Mr. Right put my paper on my desk. There in big red numbers, circled to draw attention, was my score, 55!
I lowered my head, and covered the score up quickly. A 55 is not something that you wanted your classmates to see.
"The scores were not very good, none of you passed," Mr. Right said. "The highest score in the class was a 55."
A 55. That's me!
Suddenly my sad look didn't look so bad. I had the highest score. I felt a lot better.
I walked home alone that day with the low but high score. My father knew that I had a big test that day and asked me as soon as I got home, "How did you do in your test?"
"I made a 55," I said.
A frown   now stood on my father's face. I knew I had to explain immediately. "But Dad, I had the highest score in the class," I proudly stated. I thought that explanation would make a difference.
"You failed!" my father replied.
"But it's the highest!" I insisted.
"I don't care what scores others had, but you failed. What matters is what you do!" my father firmly said.
For years, my father was always that way. It didn't matter what others did, it only mattered what I did and that I did it excellently.
We often don't understand the wisdom   of good parents until we ourselves stand in the parents' shoes. My father's words have carried me throughout life.
The question is: Which is the best title of the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:The Final Test
B:That's Me!
C:My Strict Teacher
D:Scores, Important?My name is Daniel. I am in Grade 8. This is my second year of middle school. When we finish Grade 9, we have to take an exam to continue our studies. We go to school five days a week and have seven classes every day. We study maths, Chinese and English. We also have other subjects. They are science, geography, history and P.E. P.E. is my favourite subject.
We have different clubs to join after school. Some clubs are for fun, such as the guitar club and the chess club. Some clubs are for study, such as the English club and the science club. I'm a member of the English club. It is fun to learn English there.
There are 1800 students in our school. Many new students may have problems with their new school life. When they have problems, they often do not want to tell the teachers. In our school, _ students can join the Helping Hands Club. These brothers and sisters talk to the new students and try to help them with their problems.
The question is: Which of the following is TRUE?
The possible answers are:
A:Daniel joins different clubs after school.
B:Daniel thinks it is fun to learn English in the English club.
C:There are 1800 new students in Daniel's school.
D:New students often tell their problems to their teachers.Dear Tom,
I go on a trip to Beijing with my father Rick. On the first day, we visit   the Palace Museum. It is in the centre of Beijing. There are many rooms in it. You can see "No photos!" in some places. If so, you need to follow the instructions  . On the second day, we visit the Summer Palace. It's great fun to boat there. I can swim, so I'm not afraid of water. Tomorrow we will go to the Great Wall.
I also make a new friend Tony who comes from Australia. When he leaves, he gives me his e-mail address and telephone number. After the six-day trip, we can go back to New York by plane. I hope to see you soon.
Bill
The question is: This is a letter for   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:Tom
B:Bill
C:Tony
D:RickIt was Mother's Day. A man stopped his car at a flower shop to order some flowers. He wanted the shopper to send the flowers to his mother, who lived two hundred miles away.
As he got out of his car, he found a young girl sitting on the road crying.
He asked her what was wrong and she replied,"I want to buy a red rose for my mother, but I only have seventy-five cents. A rose costs two dollars."
The man smiled and said, "Come into the shop with me, and I'll buy you a rose.'
He bought the little girl her rose and ordered his own mother's flowers. As they were leaving, he offered to drive the girl home. She said, "Yes, please! You can take me to my mother." She brought him to a cemetery , where she placed the rose on the grave.
The man was moved. He returned to the flower shop, picked up the flowers he ordered, and drove two hundred miles to his mother's house.
Today is the day for your mother. Send a flower to your kind and beautiful mother.
The question is: We can learn from the passage that   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:the girl loved flowers very much
B:the girl loved her mother very much
C:the shopkeeper sent the flowers to the man's mother
D:the man drove to his mother's house to look after herEach nation  has many good people who help to take care of others. For example, some high school and college students in the United States often spend many hours as volunteers in hospitals, orphanages   or homes for the old. They read books to the people in these places, or they just visit them and play games with them or listen to their problems.
Other volunteers go and work in the homes of people who are sick or old. They paint, clean up, or repair their houses, do their shopping or mow  their lawns . For boys who no longer have fathers there is an organization called Big Brothers. College students and other men take these boys to baseball games or on fishing trips and help them to get to know things that boys usually learn from their fathers.
Each city has a number of clubs where boys and girls can go to play games or learn crafts . Some of these clubs show movies or organize short trips to the mountains, beaches, museums or other places of interest. Most of these clubs use a lot of high school and college students as volunteers because they are young enough to remember the problems of younger boys and girls.
Volunteers believe that some of the happiest people in the world are those who help to bring happiness to others.
,
The question is: Where can you often find volunteers in the United States?
The possible answers are:
A:At a bus stop.
B:In a park.
C:In a hospital.
D:In a shop.It seems that beauty and women are twins.You are joking? No,I am not.Watch it for yourself! Ads on fashion TV screens,radio programs,magazines,newspapers,and the streets.Whether they have realized it or not, women are surrounded by a sea of fashion. They are taught to think that without beautiful clothes they will grow old and lose their charm. so who dares to neglect  dressing up at the cost of their appearance and youth?
But I do not agree with the opinion that women have to show their beauty through their appearances. The richness of their minds proves to be more beautiful and attractive than their appearances. a woman who has experienced many troubles and may be called "aunt" or"granny" can still keep up her beauty if she has such excellent qualities as knowledge,ability,a kind heart,great courage, caring for others, etc.
In addition, old and young, beautiful and ugly are relative concepts .People who keep a young mind will never feel old.Interested in new things and eager to learn more,they keep up with the time. plainly-dressed women may have a type of beauty that is pure and real. Reading and learning is the best way to keep one youthful.Good books are rich soil which can feed the flower of one's heart and appearances.
The question is: Why does the author say that beauty and women are twins? Because women   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:are born to be beauties
B:like to buy cheap clothes
C:try to keep their beauty by dressing up
D:are proud of their beautyA group of reporters asked a group of 4-to-8-year-old children this question, "What does love mean?" The answers were surprising. The children would answer like they did below.
Rebecca --- age 8
"When my grandmother hurt her knees , she couldn't bend   over and paint her toenails   any more. So my grandfather would do it for her all the time, even when his hands hurt, too. That's love."
Samantha --- age 6
"Love is when someone hurts you, and you get so mad but you don't shout at her because you know it would hurt her feelings."
Terry --- age 4
"Love is what makes you smile when you're tired."
Bethany --- age 4
"I let my big sister pick on   me because my Mum says she only picks on me because she loves me. So I pick on my baby sister because I love her."
Lauren --- age 4
"I know my elder sister loves me because she gives me all her old clothes and has to go out and buy new clothes."
Elaine --- age 5
"Love is when Mummy gives Daddy the best piece of chicken."
Clear --- age 5
"My Mummy loves me more than anybody. You don't see anyone else kissing me to sleep at night."
Jessica --- age 8
"You really shouldn't say 'I love you' unless you mean it. But if you mean it, you should say it a lot. People forget."
The question is: Which of the following is NOT true according to the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:Rebecca's grandmother ever couldn't bend over.
B:Bethany wants to be picked on by any other person.
C:If Samantha becomes angry, she will not shout at others.
D:Lauren prefers to wear her sister's old clothes.I have a good friend at home. Her name is Mimi. She is white and yellow. She is very cute. I play with her when(......) I have time. She likes fish very much. When she is behind (......) the sofa or in her box, you can't see her. When I sit on the sofa, she sits with me. In the evening I do my homework at my desk, and she is on the desk. At that time I put her down . Then she sits next to me. Is she a good friend of me?
The question is: When I do my homework, she   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:does its homework
B:plays with a ball
C:sits on the sofa
D:sits on the deskSports may be fun, but you need to play them safely. Here are some tips to help you stay safe while you're playing sports in winter.
* Get your body ready!
Before you do any exercise, be sure to warm up for at least five minutes. During warming up you should stretch  all parts of your body.
* Wear the right clothes!
Be sure to wear the right clothes for sports. If you play winter sports, make sure that you dress warmly. Also make sure to use suntan oil  . It may be cold, but the sun is still bright! If you don't put on suntan oil, your skin may be hurt. If you go skiing, be sure to wear waterproof  trousers and gloves. If you go running in cold weather, try to wear a scarf. It will keep your face, ears and neck warm.
* Stop playing sports when you are hurt!
If you get hurt when playing sports, don't play again until you get well.
* Don't get thirsty!
Drink a lot when playing sports because it is easy to become thirsty.
,.
The question is: In the passage, the writer tells us  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:to have a good rest before playing sports
B:to keep warm for sports in winter
C:to eat a lot before playing sports
D:to drink a little when we play sportsDear Emma,
Thanks for the photo of your family. Here is a photo of my bedroom.
Look at the photo. A bed, a desk, a chair, a bookcase and a computer are in my bedroom. My bed is near the window . The desk is beside  the bed and it's orange. The chair is near the desk. The bookcase is behind  the desk and it's black. An English dictionary and a Chinese dictionary are in the bookcase. My math, English and Chinese books and the computer are on the desk. My pencil box is on the desk, too. My pens and rulers are in the pencil box. My schoolbag is on the chair. My brother's white baseball and my sister's computer game are under my bed, but you can't see the baseball in the photo.
Yours,
Jack
The question is: The desk is   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:behind the bed
B:not in the room
C:near the window
D:beside the bedMany animals do strange things before an earthquake  . This news may be important. Earthquakes can kill people and knock down homes. The animals may help to save lives.
Some animals make a lot of noise before an earthquake. Farmers have told about this. Dogs that are usually quiet have started to howl . Horses on farms have run around in circles. Mice have left their holes and run away. Cows have given less milk.
In a town in Italy, cats raced down the street in a group. That happened only a few hours before an earthquake. In San Francisco, a man kept tiny pet frogs. One Sunday, the frogs jumped around more than ever. They made loud noises, like bigger frogs. That night, an earthquake struck the city.
People want to know when an earthquake is coming. Then they could get away safely. Right now, there is no sure way to know ahead of time. Maybe the best way is to watch the animals.
The question is: Before an earthquake, quiet dogs   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:ran away
B:started to howl
C:climbed trees
D:race down streetsOnce upon a time, there was a farmer called Da Niu. One day he was walking in the forest and found a bird. The bird's was hurt and it cried. Da Niu picked it up and took it home. He looked after it carefully every day. The bird got well soon.
One morning Da Niu enjoyed the sunshine next to the wall. The bird took his hat and flew away. Da Niu was very _ and ran after it. He shouted , "What a bad bird you are!"
Suddenly he heard a big noise from his back. The wall he sat next to just now. fell down .
The question is: Da Niu found the bird  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:in the shop
B:at the zoo
C:in the forest.
D:on the farm.Look at these things. This is Mr. Wang's ID card. And this is Jim's watch, that's Mary's key. Gina's notebook is over there. Look! What's that on the floor? Oh, it's gold ring. It's Jenny's ring. It's very nice.
.
The question is: _   notebook is over there.
The possible answers are:
A:Jim's
B:Gina's
C:Jenny's
D:Mary'sHelping your children to read and write at home will improve their skills and confidence  --it will also make them get ready for learning in the classroom environment.
 _  are needed by every child in every subject in every year of their life in or outside school. Students who improve their reading and writing skills will increase their vocabulary and their ability to use the English language correctly. As parents, you can play an important role in improving your children's literacy . You can make a difference by listening, asking questions, giving information, and reading with your children outside school hours.
Here are 8 tips on how to help your children to read and write:
^having everyday conversations with your children
^trying to ask more "wh-" questions instead of easy "yes" or "no" questions
^encouraging your children to talk about events you don't know
^reading to your children each night
^listening to your children read
^teaching your children how to use dictionaries
^talking about your children's writings
^practicing filling in forms, writing letters, sending cards or emails
You can also encourage your children to join the Reading Challenge Club and discuss the books they are reading together. In the club, children must read 15 books from the Challenge book list and 5 more books chosen by themselves. There are over 1,000 books on the list. The reading must be done in one year. What's more, it is a wonderful way to help your children to write. For example, you can encourage  them to write diaries or book reviews. Remember to make positive(,) comments as much as possible.
The question is: _   is NOT mentioned  in the 8 tips above.
The possible answers are:
A:"Listening to the radio every day"
B:"Listening to your children read"
C:"Reading to your children each night"
D:"Talking about your children's writings"Once upon a time there was a wise man who used to go to the sea to do his writing. He had a habit of walking on the beach before he began his work. One day he was walking along the shore. As he looked down at the beach, he saw something moving like a dancer. He smiled to himself at the thought that someone would dance on the beach. So he began to walk faster to catch up.As he got close,he saw that it was a young man and the young man wasn't dancing,instead he was reaching down to the shore,picking up something and very gently and throwing it into the ocean. As he got closer he called out,"Good morning!What are you doing?''
The young man paused ,looked up and replied,"Throwing starfishes into the ocean."
"I guess I should have asked ,why are you throwing starfishes into the ocean?"
"The sun is up and the tide is going out.And if I don't throw them in, they will die."
"But ,young man ,don't you realize that there are miles of beach and starfishes all along it. You can't possibly make a difference!"
"The young man listened politely.Then he bent down ,picked another starfish and threw it into the sea ,and said ,It made a difference for that one."
The wise man was lost in thought when the young man kept trying. Yes, there is something very special in every one of us. We have all been gifted with the ability to make a difference. And if we can know that gift, we will gain the power to shape the future.Each of us can do something for the future,each of us must find our starfish. And if we throw our starfishes wisely and well,the world will be better.
The question is: The writer told this story to show us that  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:Rome was not built in one day
B:don't miss doing any good things
C:no man is wise at all times
D:action speaks louder than wordsOn very cold winter days , a group of Japanese children travelled a long way and arrived at a small island where nobody lived. After setting up a camp, they caught fish in the sea, and walked on the snow to find firewood , wild fruit and fresh water. Then they made a fire to do some cooking. They were not homeless children or modern Robinson. They were all pupils from a primary school and campers of special " hardship   camp".
Every year primary and middle schools in Japan organize such camps to train the children's _ of bearing   hardship. Such places as thick forests and far-off mountains are chosen as camp places.
The Japanese education circles usually think it necessary to give children chances of suffering hardships. Children in Japan now may hardly find times of hardships, because of the rapid growth of national economy and improvement in the people's living conditions. The experts think that such hardship camps can help children learn to live and develop in the struggle against nature in modern society.
It's said that such hardship camps are warmly accepted by both Japanese school children and their parents.
The question is: It seems that hardship camps are   _   in Japan.
The possible answers are:
A:getting fewer and fewer
B:very popular
C:not necessary among the children
D:good to those who are homelessA blind boy sat on the steps of a building with a hat by his feet. He held up a sign which said, "I am blind, please help."
There were only a few coins in the hat. A man was walking by. He took a few coins from his pocket and dropped them into the hat. He then took the sign, turned it around, and wrote some words. He put the sign back so that everyone who walked by would see the new words.
Soon the hat began to fill up. A lot more people were giving money to the blind boy. That afternoon the man who had changed the sign came to see how things were. The boy heard his footsteps and asked, "Were you the one who changed my sign this morning? What did you write?"
The man said, "I only wrote the truth. I said what you said but in a different way."
What he had written was, " Today is a beautiful day but I cannot see it." Do you think the first sign and the second sign were saying the same thing?
Of course, both signs told people the boy was blind. But the first sign simply told people to help by putting some money in the hat. The second sign told people that they were able to enjoy the beauty of the day, but the boy could not enjoy it because he was blind.
The first sign simply said the boy was blind. The second sign told people they were so lucky that they were not blind.
The question is: The man   _  when he saw the blind boy.
The possible answers are:
A:took away the blind boy's money
B:gave the boy a new hat
C:brought the boy a sign
D:gave the boy some money and wrote some words on the signIt's a sunny and warm Sunday morning. My parents, my sister and I are all at home. My parents don't have to go to work, and my sister and I don't have to go to school. We are all in the yard  . Look! My father is cleaning his bike. He often goes to work by bike. The bike ride takes him about ten minutes. My mother is watering the flowers. The flowers make our yard very beautiful. We all like the flowers. My sister is playing with a dog. It's her pet dog. The dog is very smart. My mother often takes the dog out for a walk after dinner. What am I doing? I'm drawing. I like drawing very much. I want to join the art club at school.
It's a nice day and we're busy in the yard. We are very happy today!
.
The question is: How's the weather today?
The possible answers are:
A:It's sunny.
B:It's windy.
C:It's cloudy.
D:It's rainy.Antifreeze is a liquid  that is added to water to keep it from freezing. When water freezes and turns to ice,it expands .The force of water expanding is so great that it will break the hardest metal.Water is used in car engines  to keep them cool while they run,and if this water is allowed to freeze in winter it can break the iron block of the engine.That is why antifreeze is necessary.
Water freezes at 0degC;the usual kind of antifreeze will not freeze until the temperature is-40degC.A mixture  of five parts of water and four parts of antifreeze will prevent freezing at-18degC;four parts of water and five parts of antifreeze reduce this to -22degC.
Alcohol is a kind of good antifreeze,but when the air is running it becomes hot and the alcohol boils away,so it must be changed very often.Most people use antifreeze that does not boil away when the engine is running.There are several chemicals that do this.One of the most popular is called ethylene glycol.
The question is: people use   _   to keep car engines cool.
The possible answers are:
A:antifreeze
B:water
C:alcohol
D:ethylene glycol.Every January we celebrate the life of a great man, Martin Luther King who fought for civil rights. He believed that all Americans should be treated fairly, no matter what their skin colors were.
Dr. King was born in 1929 in Atlanta. Because he was black, he could not go to the same schools as white children. Black Americans also had to use separate restrooms, restaurants, theaters and swimming pools in some states.
Dr. King thought this was wrong. He was a Christian minister  who worked for equal rights for black people. He helped organize _ to change those unfair laws.
It was a hard fight. Dr. King was attracted and arrested  many times. But more and more Americans grew to understand that it was wrong to treat black people differently from white people.
In 1963, Dr. King led many people in a march to Washington, D. C. where there he gave his famous speech "I Have a Dream". He said people should be judged by their hearts, not by their skin colors. His efforts helped bring about new laws to create equal rights for all Americans.
The third Monday of January is a holiday to celebrate the life of Martin Luther King. We should respect his courage in working to improve the lives of so many people.
The question is: Martin Luther King said people should be judged by  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:their skin colors
B:their hearts
C:unfair laws
D:different rightsIt' s Sunday morning. There are many people in the park, some boys are playing basketball. There are some girls under a big tree. They' re singing and dancing. What are those women doing? They are drinking tea. Look at the woman in a blue coat.  Who' s she?  She' s my mother. She is talking to Edward. Edward is her student. He is a good student. He studies hard . He' s good at all the subjects. And he' s friendly to all his teachers and his friends.
The question is: My mother is  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:a teacher
B:an office
C:a doctor
D:a womanDo you want to know how you can succeed in a new school term? Here are several tips for you from some teachers.
* Use a calendar or chart. Write down special tasks, activities and important dates on a calendar. This helps you remember things you need to do. You can also make a chart. Then, use colorful pens to circle or draw a line under your homework, reading tasks or other activities. By using a chart, you learn how to plan for your studies.
* Buy folders   in different colors. Put your notebooks in different folders according to the subject. This helps you keep papers and notes organized.
* Books are great friends. Visit the bookstore or library every few weeks to find a new book to read. The more you get excited about reading, the more confident you will become.
* Join all kinds of clubs or sports. It's important to communicate with teenagers outside of school. Joining sports clubs or other group activities is also a good way to help you learn how to get on with others. During this process , you can learn how to solve problems and respect others.
* Ask for help. You're never too old to ask for help. You can turn to your teachers when there is a question about homework, projects or relationships with your family members. They are there to help solve problems and listen to you.
The question is: _   can help you become confident.
The possible answers are:
A:Using a chart
B:Buying folders in different colors
C:Reading books
D:Joining different kinds of clubsMiss Liu is an English teacher. She is very young. She works very well and the students all like her. There are twenty-six boys and twenty-four girls in her class. Now some of them are playing on the playground. Jim and Bill are jumping. Sam and Mike are running. Lucy and Simon are singing. The other girls are playing games with their teacher. They're happy.
The question is: There are   _   students in Miss Liu's class.
The possible answers are:
A:26
B:40
C:24
D:50Films in Beijing Theater This Week
HARRY POTTER (III)
American film
Director: Alfonso Cuaron
Starring: Daniel Radcliffe, Rupert Grint, Emma Watson
Time: From Monday to Wednesday, at 6:00 p.m.
Ticket Price:Y=50
KUNGFU HUSTLE
Chinese film
Director: Zhou Xingchi
Starring: Zhou Xingchi, Liang Xiaolong, Yuan Hua
Time: From Wednesday to Friday, at 9:00 p.m.
Ticket Price:Y=40
A WORLD WITHOUT THIEVES
Chinese film
Director: Feng Xiaogang
Starring: Liu Dehua, Liu Ruoying, Ge You, Li Bingbing
Time: From Friday to Sunday, at 6:30 p.m.
Ticket Price:Y=40 (Half on Sunday for children)
TROY
American film
Director: Wolfgang Peterson
Starring: Julian Glover, Brian Cox, Nathan Jones, Adoni Maropis
Time: From Tuesday to Saturday, at 9:30 a.m.
Ticket Price:Y=30
The question is: If you are free on Friday morning, you can see the film   _   in Beijing Theater.
The possible answers are:
A:HARRY POTTER (III)
B:KUNGFU HUSTLE
C:A WORLD WITHOUT THIEVES
D:TROYAre you the only child in the family? If so, you are the most important in your family.
Parents are the closest people to you in the world. But a lot of middle school students have a problem. They feel they are not as close to their parents as before. They even don't think their parents are fair   to them.
Some students complain that their parents often say a lot to them, but never listen to them. Some say their parents don't allow them to play computer games when other people are doing it. Others say when they are making phone calls to friends, their parents like to ask if they're speaking to a boy or a girl. These make them very unhappy. Some students even decided to leave home because they're afraid to tell their parents when they have done something wrong, particularly  when they do badly in exams. Then they usually think running away is the only choice . But they don't know running away may bring them some more problems. Problems are parts of life. Here are some suggestions for you to solve your problems.
*Find a good chance to talk with your parents. Don't be afraid to tell them your feeling.
*Keep a diary to help you understand more about yourself and your feeling.
*Get help from others like good friends or teachers.
*Show your parents you are growing up. Then they will feel you are no longer a small child.
If you follow the advice, you will have a happy life and never think of running away.2*1*c*n*j*y
The question is: According to the article,  _   are the closest people to an only child.
The possible answers are:
A:parents
B:classmates
C:teachers
D:grandparentsMrs. Black was a poor old woman and she lived in a small village. Her husband died ten years ago. But she had a 24-year-old daughter. Her name was Alice. She worked in New York and lived there. It was far away from her mother's village, and she was not happy about this. One day Alice said to her mother, "I've found a good job in Boston, and I can make a lot of money there, so I will go to work in Boston next week. But don't worry, Mum. I'll send you some money every week. "
A month later, Mrs. Black was very angry. She decided to go to see her daughter in Boston on a train. When she saw her daughter, she said, "Alice, why do you never call me?"
Alice laughed, "But mother," she said, "you haven't got a telephone."
"No", she answered, "I haven't, but you have got one. "
The question is: Mrs. Black lived   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:alone
B:with her husband
C:with her daughter
D:with her motherSunny English Club
For students
Open Time: 16:00--18:00   Every Saturday
Tickets: 200 yuan a month
Address: 9 Zhouyu Street
Tel: 3785290
Foreign teachers, English songs and films and more!
Ocean Museum
Open Time: 9:00--17:00   From Thursday to Sunday
Ticket: 50 yuan
Address: 132 Xueyuan Street
Tel: 5439871
Show you a full picture of sea lives!
Health Centre
Time: 9:00-- 17:30
Address: 16 Yongle Street
Tel: 3801451
Free examinations for those over 70. Give you good advice to keep healthy!
The question is: One can get free examinations in Health Centre if he is   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:9
B:17
C:67
D:73Most American families are smaller than the families in other countries. Most American families have one or two parents and one or two children each.
Children in the US will leave their parents' home when they grow up. They usually live far from their parents because they want to find good jobs. They often write to their parents or telephone them. And they often go to visit their parents on holiday.
Parents usually let their children choose their own jobs. Americans think it important for young people to decide on their lives by themselves.
Children are asked to do some work around their house. And in many families, children are paid for doing some housework so that they learn how to make money for their own use.
The question is: When children grow up, they leave their parents' home to  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:go to better schools
B:make more friends
C:find jobs
D:spend a holidayMrs. Brown is a worker. She works in a big factory. She gets up at five every morning. She often has breakfast at six fifty. After that she goes to the factory by bus at half past seven. She cleans the machines when she gets there very early. Then her workmates come. They begin to work at 8:00. They all work very hard. She goes home at five. Then she does some cooking. After supper she usually helps his son Tom with his homework. Sometimes she reads books. She usually watches TV with her family on weekends.
The question is: What time does Mrs. Brown get up?
The possible answers are:
A:5:00 a.m.
B:5:30 a.m.
C:6:00 a.m.
D:6:30 a.m.I've been working as a professional clown for nearly two years. Before that, I was an actor for nine years. I was never famous, but I was quite successful! I changed jobs because I wanted to do more in life than make people laugh. What if I could help people, too?
As a clown, I try to encourage sick children in hospital to laugh and smile. When you laugh, your mind and body relax. Clearly, people who laugh more don't have as many colds or other problems! Children who laugh a lot often get better results in their studies, too.
It isn't an easy job. Not all sick children get better, and sometimes I come home and cry. But I always go back to work the next day with my red nose on. l don't earn much money as a clown, but I feel very lucky to work with such brave and wonderful patients.
I became a laughter yoga teacher more than two years ago. Before that, I was a dentist! My job was very difficult, and I used to feel _ . Now I still improve people's health, but everything else is completely different. Everyone has fun in a laughter yoga class, including the teacher!
No, laughter isn't "magic". It doesn't prevent all illness, keep you young, or make you beautiful. But did you know that it's an excellent kind of exercise? You move your whole body when you laugh!
Sometimes I work with famous people. It's true that being rich can be stressful! Some famous people can be unpleasant at times, but I try to change their bad feelings. Laughter is excellent for people like musicians, artists and writers, because it helps people to be more creative.
The question is: The second writer mentions famous people in the passage to show that  _  *
The possible answers are:
A:they are always rich
B:they have stress sometimes
C:they like funny people
D:they are good at doing yogaThe best way of learning a language is using it. The best way of learning English is talking in English as much as possible. Sometimes you'll get your words mixed up  and people will not understand you. Sometimes people will say things too quickly and you can't understand them. But if you keep your sense of humor , you can always have a good laugh at your mistakes you make. Don't be unhappy if people seem to be laughing at your mistakes. It's better for people to laugh at your mistakes than to be angry with you, because they don't understand what you are saying. The most important things for learning English is: "Don't be afraid of making mistakes because everyone makes mistakes ."
The question is: When you make a mistake, you should  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:keep quiet
B:get angry
C:be kind
D:keep your sense of humorDo you want to make friends with others? Please remember to _ all the time. In this way, people around you will get along well with you.
To make friends and keep them, you have to keep your words. If you agree to meet someone at a certain time, you should arrive at the place on time or a little earlier. If you agree to help others, you must do it. Of course if there is something unexpected  happening and you can't do what you have agreed to do, your friends will understand this.
He is always lying or making excuses for breaking his words. Would you like to have him as one of your best friends? You wouldn't. And your own friends feel the same way.
So, be more careful when you have to agree to do something for your friends. Don't have "Maybe"in your mind when you say something about what you are going to do.
,.
The question is: Who can be your best friend?
The possible answers are:
A:He is always being late.
B:He is always lying.
C:He is always breaking his words.
D:He is always keeping.Amy is an American student in Des Moines, Iowa. She is nine years old and she is in Grade Four this year. Now she and her friends are pen pals of the students in India.
In their letters, Amy learns that life of Indian children is difficult. And they don't have money to buy desks for school. She is surprised and wants to help them.
She and her friends collect $711. A charity  group helps them buy 75 desks. "We have many good things in our country," said Amy. "We should help others." She also hopes to raise  money to build a well for them. Then the students can get clean water from it. It may be a good gift for the Indian children.
The question is: Where are Amy's pen pals from?
The possible answers are:
A:America
B:India.
C:England.
D:China.Every year we have many holidays, such as summer holidays. May Day and so on. How do you spend during these holidays? Do you like to travel during them ? Can you book holidays or make travel plans on line?
Now let me tell you how to do it. First,you should look up the places that you want to visit online. Then you can decide on which way to travel according to the prices online. If you go to other countries, you'd better take the plane. If you visit some places of interest near your hometown, you can take the train or bus there. Of course, you can drive a car. Next, you can get in touch with some travel companies ,and talk something about travel with them. And you can find the best place to stay at the best price. Finally, you can enjoy happy holidays with the help of the travel company.
The question is: If you want to travel in holidays, what should you do at first ?
The possible answers are:
A:Look up the places where to visit.
B:Think over the way to travel
C:Know the prices
D:Call some travel companiesWe have fun with our school life every day. Our school often holds different after-school activities. There was a football match on the school playground yesterday afternoon.
Our class played against Class Two. Every player tried their best as soon as the match began at 4:00 o'clock. The players from the two teams played very hard and well. At the beginning of the match, a big and strong player from Class Two got the ball and passed several of our players. He kicked the ball hard to the goal."Oh, dear!"my classmates shouted surprisedly. Luckily, our goalkeeper Steve caught the ball. At the end of the first half of the match, there was no score.
After resting for ten minutes, the match began again. Our headteacher Mr. Zhang cheered us on all the time."Teamwork! Teamwork!"he kept shouting. At this time, Kangkang got the ball. He kicked the ball to Jack and Jack kicked the ball to our captain   Li Lei. He passed four players with the ball and then kicked the ball into the goal. The crowd jumped cheerfully. My classmates felt excited. Finally, we won 1 to 0.
My school life is colorful. I love my school life.
,.
The question is: _   is the captain of the writer's class.
The possible answers are:
A:Li Lei
B:Steve
C:Kangkang
D:JackWhen July comes, children know they'll have the final exams and the school year will end soon. Boys and girls will have a nearly two months' holiday, and they'll leave school by train or by car to return home to see their fathers and mothers.
The summer holiday is the best time of the year for most students. The weather is good, so they can spend most of their time playing outside .If one lives in the country, he can go on a trip into the woods or in the fields. If one lives in a big city, he can go to a park to play.
The best place for a summer holiday is the seaside. Some children are lucky enough to live near the sea. But for the others who do not, if they have the chance to stay at one of the big seaside towns for a week or two, they will talk about it all the following school year.
Now, what makes children like the seaside so much? I think it is the sand, the sea and the sun, not anything else. Of course, there are lots of new things to see, nice things to eat and interesting things to do. But the feeling of the sand under their feet, the salt water on their skin, and the warm sun on their backs make them happier.
The question is: It's the best way for children to go to the   _   to spend their summer holidays.
The possible answers are:
A:park
B:seaside
C:city
D:country"It's 8:15 on a Sunday morning," said the officer, Tidwell, "and this sort of thing seems an unlikely adventure  at such a time. Would you mind explaining?"
The man was astonished  at the voice from behind. He turned about and said, "I know what you're thinking, officer, but it isn't true. It's a very funny mistake."
"I think you've just left this house in a manner rather than the usual one. That may be quite all right, but I'd like to make sure." Tidwell took out his notebook and a pen. "Name, address and occupation and then, please tell me your story."
"Charlie Crane, lorry  driver, from Nottingham, 51 Brecon Street. My story?"
"Yes, What were you doing like a fly on that wall, Mr. Crane?"
"Well, I had a breakdown yesterday and had to stay the night here. The landlady's name is Mrs. Fern. She gave me breakfast at seven, and I was out of here in the right way and down at the lorry park by half past seven. It was only when I felt around for a cigarette that I realized I'd left $80 under the pillow  here. It's a habit I've got into. I even do it almost every day."
"I see. Why didn't you miss it when you meant to pay Mrs.? What's her name?"
"I paid her last night. You've got to pay when you take the room, see? So I came rushing back, but it's Sunday, and she'd gone back to bed. I rang the bell and banged on the front door for ten minutes before I came round here. Up I went this pipe  and the money was still there. You know the rest, and I hope you believe it because...."
"Mr. Crane, whatever are you doing here? I thought you'd gone an hour ago." It was Mrs. Fern.
The question is: What do you think happened in the end?
The possible answers are:
A:Mrs. Fern found the $80 in the house
B:Tidwell took Mr. Crane to the police station
C:Mrs. Fern said sorry to Mr. Crane
D:Mr. Crane was let goLast week, my granddaughter started primary school. And I wished her every success. But part of me didn't. I really wanted her to fail in some ways because I believe that failure can be good for us to grow up. Success is that you can do something that you already know you can do, or doing something correctly the first time. First -time success is usually a luck. First-time failure, in fact, is supposed to be the natural order of things. Failure is how we learn.
I make my living by writing articles for a daily newspaper. Each week I thought that the article that I write would be the worst. I try my best every day. A successful article usually means that I am discussing the subjects I know well, writing in the way I am used to or saying the same things as anyone else but in an excellent way.
My younger daughter is a trapeze artist.she spent three years putting together a show, and she did it successfully for years. There was no reason for her to change it but she did anyway. She was afraid to be bored. She met failure when she tried some new ways in her show. But she did his only in order to feed her soul. 
My granddaughter is a perfectionist. She will feel her failures, and I will want to _ her. But I will also, I hope, remind her of what she learned, and how she can do better next time. I hope I can tell her, though, that it's not the end of the world. With luck, it is the beginning.
The question is: the writer talked about his own experience to show that  _
The possible answers are:
A:we cannot depend on luck to live a good life
B:we should try every possible way to avoid failure
C:past failures made him afraid of writing more
D:the thought of failure will make you work even harderAre you able to send a letter with pictures and sounds to someone, anywhere in the world without putting a stamp on it? With an e-mail you can just do that. Using computers you can send e-mails quickly and easily. The post is much slower than email. E-mail can send its messages to the other side of the world in seconds.
E-mail is easy to use and it saves time and money. The different time and different parts of the world do not matter when you send an e-mail. It does not matter if your friends are in bed when you send an e-mail to them, or you are seeing a film at the cinema when they send an e-mail back.
The question is: With an e-mail you can send a letter without putting   _   on it.
The possible answers are:
A:an address
B:a message
C:a word
D:a stampMr. and Mrs. Smith come from Sydney . They teach English in a middle school in China. They like their work. They have a son and a daughter, Jim and Sue. They are all in China now. Mr. Smith can speak Chinese. He likes swimming and reading. Mrs. Smith likes swimming in the afternoon and cooking . Jim and Sue like playing chess. They often play games with Chinese boys and girls.
Jim's uncle, Green, works on a farm near Sydney.
He likes swimming, too. He wants to work in China. But he can't speak Chinese. So he is still  there and goes to Chinese classes every week.
The question is: Where are Jim and Sue from?
The possible answers are:
A:America
B:Canada
C:Australia
D:ChinaThere are forty-seven different kinds of kangaroos . The smallest kangaroos are about a quarter of a meter long; the biggest are taller than a man.
Kangaroos have very long strong back legs. These are used for jumping. They also have long strong tails used for resting on. Kangaroos' front legs are much shorter, and are almost  like arms. Kangaroos' heads are quite small, but their ears are quite large.
Mother kangaroos have a pocket at the front. They have one baby each year. When it is born, the baby kangaroo is straight  into its mother's pocket. The baby kangaroos stay there for six months.
The biggest kangaroos stand more than 2 meters tall, and their legs are so strong that they can jump more than 9 meters. They are very fast, and can travel at more than 50 kilometers an hour. They are very strong, but only eat fruit, leaves and grass.
The question is: How many different kinds of kangaroos are there?
The possible answers are:
A:37.
B:74.
C:47.
D:40.A new report shows what life might be like in 100 years from now. It describes skyscrapers that are much taller than today's buildings, underwater "bubble" cities and holidays in space. The report is from a company. It asked experts   on space and architecture, as well as city planners, to give their ideas on the life in 2116. They said the way we live, work and play will be totally different to how we do these things today. The experts used the Internet as an example. They said that 25 years ago, people could not imagine how the Internet and smartphones would change our lives. The Internet has completely changed the way we communicate, learn and do daily things. The experts said the changes in the next century would be even more unbelievable.
Researchers questioned 2,000 adults about the prediction   they thought were most likely   to happen in the future. They predicted that in the future, few people will go to an office but will work from home and have work meetings online. People will have highly developed 3-D printers that will let you download   a design for furniture or a food recipe and then "print" the sofa, table or pizza at home. There will also be less need for visits to the doctor. We will all have a home health instrument that will tell us what the problem is and give us treatment. We will also be going into space for holidays and to get resources that we have used up on Earth. A prediction that is missing is whether people will still need to study English.
,A, B, C, D,.
The question is: With the help of highly developed 3-D printers, a way to get a sofa in 2116 is to  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:buy one in a shop
B:ask somebody to make one
C:download a design and "print" one
D:design and make one by oneselfHi, boys and girls! Welcome to our museum. It's free. You don't have to pay any money. But we have some rules for you. Please remember them and do as I say. Firstly, don't have food or drink here. You may make our museum dirty. Secondly, you can take photos here, but don't touch   the things here. Thirdly, keep quiet in the museum. Don't talk loudly. Fourthly, the museum is not open after five o'clock in the afternoon. Please leave   before five. Have a good time here! Thank you.
The question is: We can learn from the article  that  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:students don't want to pay any money
B:the museum has five rules for the students
C:the speaker who tells the students the rules is a teacher
D:the speaker hopes the students have a good timeSomepeople think only school children do not agree with their parents, however, it is not true. Communication is a problem for parents and children of all ages. if it's hard for you to communicate with your parents, don't worry about it. Here is some advice for you to _ the generation gap  .Don't argue with your parents. Don't get to your parents when you are angry.Your parents probably won't consider your ideas if you are shouting at them. And you can't express yourself well if you are angry. Go to someplace to cool off  . Make sure you understand why you are unhappy. Then think about what you want to say to your parents. If you don't think you can speak to them at the moment, try writing a letter.
Try to reach a compromise  . Perhaps you and your parents disagree on something. You can keep your disagreement and try your best to accept each other. Michael's mother didn't agree with him about buying a motorcycle. They argued over it. But they finally came to a compromise. Michael bought the motorcycle, but only drove it on certain days.
Of course, your parents might refuse to compromise on something . In these situations, it is especially important to show love and respect to them. Showing respect will keep your relationship strong.
Talk about your values. The values of your parents are probably different from those of your own. Tell your parents what you care about, and why. Understanding your values mighthelp them see your purposes in life.
A good relationship with your parents can make you a better and happier person .It is worth having a try!
The question is: If the values of your parents are different from those of yours, you'd better  _
The possible answers are:
A:argue with them
B:keep away from them
C:argue with them all time
D:tell your parents what you care aboutMrs. Green's telephone number was three-four-six-three, and the number of the cinema near her house was three-four-six-four. So people often made a mistake and telephoned her when they wanted the cinema.
One evening the telephone rang and Mrs. Green answered it. A tired man said, "At what time your last film begin?"
"I'm sorry," said Mrs. Green, "but you have the wrong number. This is not the cinema." "Oh. It began twenty minutes ago," said the man, "I am sorry about that. Goodbye." Mrs. Green was very surprised, so she told her husband. He laughed and said, "The man's wife wanted to go to the cinema, but he was feeling tired, so telephoned the cinema. The man's wife heard him, but she didn't hear you. Now they will stay at home this evening and the husband will be happy."
The question is: When Mrs. Green answered the phone, who didn't hear her ?.
The possible answers are:
A:Mr. Green
B:The man
C:The man's wife.
D:Anybody.Little Peter is a boy of nine. He began to go to school when he was six, and now he is in Grade Three. He lives not far from the school, but he is often late for class. He likes watching TV in the evening and goes to bed late, so he can't get up on time in the morning.
This term, Mrs. Black, Peter's aunt, teaches music in Peter's school. She is strict with Peter and often tells the boy to obey the school rules and come to school on time. Yesterday morning, Peter got up late. When he hurried  to school, it was a quarter past eight. His aunt was waiting for him at the school gate.
"You are ten minutes late for the first class, Peter," Mrs. Black said angrily. "Why are you often late for class?" "Every time, when I get to the street corner , I always see a guidepost . It says SCHOOL--GO SLOWLY!"
The question is: Peter is often late for school because   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:he likes watching TV
B:he doesn't like to go to school
C:he sleeps well at night
D:he can get up early in the morningAnimals grow up in different ways. They have lots of lessons to learn.
Some animals are born helpless but their mothers protect them. A newborn kangaroo is the size of a bee. She stays in her mother's safe pouch. She doesn't open her eyes for at least five months. A newborn monkey cannot walk. He is carried by his mother.
Other baby animals can walk soon after they're born. They learn to run with their mother when danger is near. A baby zebra can run an hour after she is born.
Some baby animals are born in a place that is safe. Other baby animals are born in the open. Baby wolves are born in large holes. A baby elephant is born on open, grassy land. Other elephants make a circle to protect her.
Animals that drink their mothers' milk are called mammals. A mother bear's milk is fatty and rich. Baby bears need lots of fat to keep warm in winter. They have milk for six months. Baby zebras drink milk for six months or more! As baby animals grow they need solid food. Baby lions eat what their mother can catch.
The question is: What can't a baby zebra do an hour after she is born?
The possible answers are:
A:Drink milk.
B:Walk by herself.
C:Run with her mother.
D:Make a circle to protect herself.Mr and Mrs White live in the country(   ). Christmas Day (  )is coming. They want to buy some clothes for their family in the city . In the morning, Mr and Mrs White have breakfast. Then they go shopping in their car at 8:30. They get to a store at 9:40. In the store they see a lot of clothes. Mrs White likes the clothes very much. So she buys a T-shirt for their son, a skirt for their daughter, and a sweater for Mr White. She buys a hat for herself , too. After that, Mr White is very tired and hungry . He looks at his watch. Then he says, "Oh, it's 4:00 in the afternoon, that's too late. I think we must go home now." So they begin to go home. But they lose their way. Mr White can't find the way home. He sees an old man and asks him, "Excuse me, sir. Where am I?" The old man looks at him and the car, "You're in your car, sir." he says.
The question is: There are   _   people in Mr White's family.
The possible answers are:
A:three
B:four
C:five
D:sixPeter wondered why he didn't have many friends. The reason was that he was always taking, never giving.
One day Peter told Bill, "I'd like to give a party on Saturday. I'd like you to come and bring Martha, too. " "Thanks, Peter. We'd be happy to come. ""Perhaps you'd like to bring your violin. You and Martha sing well together. I'm sure everyone will want you to sing for us. "That was how Peter began to plan his party. Next he asked another friend, Betty, to bring a cake. "You make the best cake in the world, Betty, and I like to eat your cake better than have one from the bakery . "Peter invited a few other friends to come to his party. He didn't forget to ask for something from each of them. He even asked Jim Jackson and Mary Jackson to let him give the party at their house! They agreed.
The party was a big success. However, as the guests were leaving, they said "Thank you! "to Bill and Martha for the music, Betty for the cake, the Jacksons for the use of the house and to others for their hard work. To Peter they just said, "Thanks for the invitation. "
The question is: Which of the following is NOT true?
The possible answers are:
A:Betty made the best cake.
B:Mary Jackson sang well.
C:Bill sang well.
D:The Jacksons did hard work for the party.One day, a physically-deformed man came to our college and on his back was a notice saying, "Free shoe repairing for college students".
Repairing shoes for free? Most of us didn't believe it, and some even thought that it was just a device  to the students who would have to pay for shoes once they had been repaired. But the man just smiled and said, "Save your money to buy some books." These words really surprised me and I talked with him, "You need to make a living. Why do you repair shoes for us for free?" He answered, while keeping on working, "I'm an illiterate , but I know how important knowledge is for everyone. So I'd like to serve the students like you. I hope you can do well in your studies. In my opinion, money isn't everything in life."
After the chat, I felt he was great compared with me. He, a physically-deformed man who couldn't walk without a wheelchair, still tried his best to devote  himself to society. I would like to thank him because he gave me a new direction in my life, and taught me what the true value of life is.
,.
The question is: How did the physically-deformed man go out?
The possible answers are:
A:By car.
B:By bike.
C:On foot.
D:By wheelchair.Millie is a little girl who is at the age of nine. She is a pupil in a primary school. She works hard at her subjects. In class, she takes an active part in all kinds of activities. She looks smarter than her classmates.
One day, she was doing her homework after supper as usual. Her father was not in. Her mother was taking a shower in the bathroom. After she finished her homework, Millie asked her mother to check it for her, but her mother didn't answer her. A few minutes later, her mother was still in the bathroom. Millie felt strange. She knocked at the door. But her mother had no answer. She pushed the door open and found her mother lying on the floor. At the same time, she smelled something terrible. It was the gas. She quickly opened the window, turned off the gas and called 120 and 110 for help. Soon some doctors and policemen came and sent her mother to the nearest hospital. Her mother was saved at last.
Why did the little girl know how to do that? That was because she had learned how to save herself and others in danger in school.
The question is: Although Millie is   _  , we should learn from her.
The possible answers are:
A:a primary school pupil
B:a college student
C:a nineteen-year-old girl
D:a middle school studentOver 30% of the natural world has been seriously destroyed by humans   over the last 30 years. This is because the number of people living on Earth is nearly six billion  . All of these people need food, space and energy. As a result, lots of Earth's natural resources will be used up. When we destroy our earth to get natural resources such as wood or oil, animals often lose their living space. They cannot have enough food, and they will get hurt or die.
The World Wide Fund for Nature (WWF) is an international charity. It tries to prevent humans from destroying more of nature than is necessary. For example, in China WWF is working with the local government to reconnect   some small lakes in Anhui Province to the Yangtze River and to create  more protected areas so that China's natural beauty will not be lost in the future. WWF works in more than 50 countries, saving rainforests and stopping hunters from killing rare animals and protecting traditional ways of life in areas where they are in danger of being lost. WWF's main goal is to encourage development that does not harm the environment and the animals that live in it. Even though the charity is known all over the world, and a lot of people support the goals of WWF, not so many donate money often. This makes it difficult for the charity to do all the things it wants to do.
The question is: How has WWF helped in China?
The possible answers are:
A:They have protected traditional ways of life.
B:They have helped to protect China's natural beauty.
C:They have saved many rainforests in Anhui Province.
D:They have built some bridges over the Yangtze River.In ancient times , people thought that their gods  lived on the tops of mountains. They believed that anything above them was nearer to their gods than them. They thought that birds were messengers  from the gods. There were many beliefs  about how to treat birds. Some people even believed that killing a bird was an act against the gods and would bring bad luck. In some parts of the United States, people believe that if they hear an owl  in the early evening, it means death. Another link  with these past beliefs is in an English expression. People no longer believe that birds are messengers of the gods, but when someone knows a secret about another person, he or she might say, "A little bird told me about it."
The question is: In ancient times birds were thought to be  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:the ones bringing news from the gods
B:gods, too
C:the ones bringing news from human beings
D:badMost Americans enjoy moving from place to place. For example, they often drive their cars 120 to 160 kilometres away just to have dinner with a friend or even fly to London or Paris just to watch a football match. In some states only one person in five lives in a place for more than five years. One may be born in one city, and go to school in another. He may finish his middle school in two or three cities, and then go to college far across the country. When he begins to work, he may possibly move from job to job. Moving from one job to another, which is called "job-hopping", can be seen in many places in the United States.
Job-hopping does good to workers because every change of a job gives them a chance to get better pay. And job-hopping also gives bosses the chance to get new ideas and skills from him or her.
The question is: The writer thinks job-hopping   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:does good only to the workers
B:does good only to the boss
C:must be stopped
D:is helpfulWhile traveling, you'll be taking money, license or passport. Or you will buy something expensive to take back home with you and you don't want it to get stolen. Here are some ideas on how to keep your valuables   safe while traveling
Plan ahead of time
Think of what you really need and don't need to take on your trip. Only take the valuables that you must have, not just ones that you would like to have.
Carry your valuables on your person
Something that is small, like cash and credit cards and your passport, can be carried in a money wallet around your neck or in a money belt. This way, your valuables are hidden and right next to you, where you know where they are at all times. Wear clothing that can hide the money belt.
Carry larger valuables in your carry-on bag.
If you can't fit it in your money wallet like some large valuables, you'd better put them somewhere that you will keep touch with them. Your can put them on the plane, so you don't have to worry about  the airline losing your bag or someone stealing it from the belt after the flight before you get to it.
Choose a hotel that has the front desk for valuables.
This way, you don't have to worry about housekeeping getting hold of your valuables, or someone  stealing your valuables if your room is broken into. If you give the valuables to the front desk to keep for you, choose a time when others are not looking.
The question is: You can carry all of the following valuables on your person EXCEPT   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:your cash
B:credit cards
C:your passport
D:your large valuablesDo you know Su Bingtian? He is a Chinese runner. He was born in Zhongshan City, Guangdong Province on August 20th, 1989.
When he was a child, he liked running in the school running team. His parents supported him in practicing running and they often encouraged him to run. Though it's very hard for him to win every race, he never gives up. He tries his best to run well every day. He took part in the regular match in November, 2004 for the first time. After that, he won many first prizes in all kinds of matches.
On May 31st, 2015, in Saturday's Eugene Grand Prix, the 1.72 meters-tall runner finished third in 9.99 seconds, behind American Tyson Gay in 9.88 seconds and Mike Rodgers in 9.90 seconds. Su Bingtian becomes beats 10-second barrier as the first Asian-born.
China's Zhang Peimeng, who raced to his personal best of 10.00 seconds in 2013, is considered the closest to beating the barrier. Now Su Bingtian broke his record.
"I am so proud of my result. I can write my name into history now and I will work harder and run faster," said Su Bingtian.
Now let's congratulate to Su Bingtian! We hope Su Bingtian will have a better future and good luck to him!
The question is: What did Su Bingtian like when he was a child?
The possible answers are:
A:running
B:swimming
C:dancing
D:drawingMy name is Donna and I have two sisters, Liza and Rita. We like hamburgers and milk for lunch. Lisa and I like chicken, but Rita doesn't. I don't like noodles  for breakfast, but Liza and Rita do. I like porridge  for breakfast. We really like vegetables and eggs for dinner.
The question is: _    like noodles for breakfast.
The possible answers are:
A:Donna and Liza
B:Rita and Donna
C:Liza and Rita
D:Donna, Liza and RitaNot only women wear skirts. Men can wear them, too. In Scotland  , men wear a kilt - a kind of skirt. The kilt is their national dress.
The kilt has checks   and different colors, like red or blue. Each family in Scotland has its own colors. How did the Scotsmen   start to wear kilts. There is a story about it. Rawlinson had some workers from Scotland in his office and he thought their clothing _ their work. So he cut their clothes into a shorter skirt.
Today, they usually only wear them at weddings   or big dinners. Only a few men wear a kilt every day. Scotsmen also wear kilts in big parties. The policemen still have skills as the dress uniforms, but they don't wear them to catch the thieves.
The question is: In Scotland, different families have different   _   of kilts.
The possible answers are:
A:prices
B:colors
C:styles
D:checksAre you taking good care of your hair and using the right products? Could your shampoo be damaging your hair? Should you brush your hair more or less? The following are a few tips to help you keep your hair healthy and shining.
A balanced diet will help you have nice-looking hair. Try to eat more green vegetables, eggs and beans every day.
Wash your hair every day, or every two days. Always use cool, clean water to wash the shampoo out of your hair.
Use shampoo that is specially designed for your hair type (dry, oily, etc.).When using shampoo, be sure to massage your hair, including the roots, softly.
Allow your hair to dry naturally whenever possible. Hair is at its weakest when it is wet, so never brush or comb your wet hair hard, and use a wide-toothed comb.
Give your hair a good brushing before going to bed. Do this by bending over so that your head is hanging down, and brush from back to front. This will help remove the dirt from your hair.
Strong sunlight is bad for your hair. So remember to wear a hat to protect it on hot summer days.
The question is: According to the passage,we should wash our hair  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:every one or two days
B:once a week
C:every four or five days
D:three times a monthJohn Brown, an office worker, lives in Washington. He inherited   $1 000 000 when he was 23. He didn't feel happy at all. His college friends were looking for their first jobs, but he didn't tell any of his friends and gave $ 1 000 000 of his money to a charity that helped poor children to live better lives. Today he is 36, he still wears cheap shoes and clothes and owns a small car only, but he is much happier.
Up to now, John has helped 15 children from poor countries all over the world, $200 a month for each. The money is used to afford the child's education, food, medical care and clothing. John receives a report each year on the child's progress. They can write to each other, but usually the children do not speak English.
Once John went to meet a little girl in Africa. He said that the meeting was very exciting. "When I met her, I felt very happy." he said. "I saw that the money was used for a very good plan. It brought me closer to the child. I will do everything I can to help those children in need." he added.
,A, B, C, D,.
The question is: Which of the following sentences is true?
The possible answers are:
A:John lives a rich life.
B:John is from Canada.
C:John had to look for his first job like his college friends.
D:John gave $100 000 to a charity that helped poor children.The panda is one of the animals most in danger. There are about 1,000 pandas living in nature reserves today. Zoos and research centers look after about 160 pandas. Scientists are studying how they live and more baby pandas are born in the zoos.
Pandas live in the forests and mountains of Southwest China. They mainly live on bamboo, and each panda needs to eat a lot of bamboo every day. The area of bamboo is becoming smaller for many different reasons, so pandas have less and less land to live on. Pandas don't have many babies, and baby pandas often die. The situation is becoming very serious.
Our government is working hard to save pandas. There are more than 30 nature reserves to protect pandas but these are not enough. The government has made a new plan to help pandas. The nature reserves will be bigger and the bamboo will grow better. Then the pandas will have enough food to eat and enough places to live in. Pandas born in the zoos may go back to live in the nature reserves.
Most people love pandas. The panda is one of the best-known animals in the world. It is the symbol for the World Wide Fund for Nature. The WWF works to protect all animals in danger, so the panda has become the symbol of all animals in danger. There is still a long way to go to save the panda. Think of other animals in danger such as tigers ,whales, turtles and elephant--we need to save the panda, and we need to save them, too.
The question is: The government is trying   _  to help the pandas.
The possible answers are:
A:to build more zoos
B:to send more scientists
C:to make bigger nature reserves
D:to ask the WWF to work in China.Today people are paying more and more attention to improving their health through sports and exercise. But some of them have some wrong ideas about it.
A plate of chicken is a good meal before games because it has much energy.
In fact, the best meal before games should have carbohydrates . Foods like potatoes, bread, bananas are rich in it, chicken and meat are not. Carbohydrates are the best and most easily used forms of energy. The energy that you get for today's game is from what you ate yesterday.
The best time to exercise is early in the morning.
Morning is a good time to exercise, but it may not be suitable for you. If an afternoon or evening period suits you, and you enjoy the feeling of getting healthier, you can choose any time to exercise. There is no fixed time for you to exercise.
If you drink water when you exercise, you'll get headaches and feel tired.
The fact is that you must have some water during breaks when you exercise. And after exercising, you must have enough water. If you don't drink enough water, then you'll probably get headaches and feel tired.
Exercising the same body part every day is the fastest way to improve strength.
False! Exercising the same body part every day is the fastest way to cause problems. To improve strength, you want to work your muscles  hard, but then you need to give those muscles a day of rest. Too much exercise can cause serious problems to muscles.
Girls who do strength training will make their muscles big.
Wrong! We usually connect those big muscles with bodybuilders , but girls don't have enough male hormone  to make their muscles big like men. Strength training is a good way to make their muscles strong for girls.
The question is: You can   _   to improve arms' strength.
The possible answers are:
A:exercise your arms every day
B:eat enough chicken
C:get enough male hormone
D:exercise your arms hard but rest for some timeWe each have a memory . That's why we can still remember things after a long time. Some people have very good memories and they can easily learn many things by heart, but some people can only remember things when they say or do them again and again. Many of the great men of the world have got surprising memories.
A good memory is a great help in learning a language. Everybody learns his mother language when he is a small child. He hears the sounds, remembers them and then he learns to speak. Some children are living with their parents in foreign countries. They can learn two languages as easily as one because they hear, remember and speak two languages every day. In school it is not so easy to learn a foreign language because the pupils have so little time for it, and they are busy with other subjects, too.
But your memory will become better and better when you do more and more exercises.
,.
The question is: In school the pupils can't learn a foreign language well because  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:they have no good memories
B:they have no recorders
C:they have too much time for it
D:they are busy with other subjectsA woman was having some trouble  with her heart, so she went to see a doctor. He was a new doctor, and did not know her, so he first asked some questions about her, and one of them was, "How old are you?" "Well," she said, "I don't remember, doctor, but I will try to think." She thought for a moment and said, "Yes, I remember now, doctor! When I married , I was eighteen years old, and my husband  was thirty. Now my husband is sixty, I know, and that is twice thirty. So I am twice eighteen. I think I am thirty-six,is it right?"
The question is: How old is her husband?
The possible answers are:
A:He's thirty.
B:He's sixty.
C:He's as double as hers.
D:He's thirty-six.It's over three years since I began to learn English. I'm glad that I am getting on well with it.
I find English quite difficult, but very interesting. When I first started, I thought I had only to remember the new words and learn some grammar  I knew little about English idioms .I thought each English word had the same meaning in Chinese. When I learn to say"I see a book on the desk," I thought the English word "see " was just like the Chinese word " kan ",So one day when my teacher asked me," what are you doing?", I answered, "I'm seeing a book." "That's wrong ."  the teacher said, "you don't see a book, You read a book. You can't use English word like a Chinese one.. Be sure not to make the same mistake again."
After that I began to pay more attention to the differences between Chinese and English. For example, in English we say a" high mountain", but a" tall man. " In Chinese we use the same word "gao " for both.. Again in English we say" take part in the sports meeting ", " attend the meeting " and" join the army,"  while in Chinese we can use "can jia " for all three. Interesting ,isn't?
So to study English doesn't only mean hard wok, it can be great fun,  too! We not only have to pay attention to pronunciation, grammar spelling and handwriting, we also have to understand English idioms. We can learn English well only in the way!
But all this is only a beginning and I still have a long way to go. I'll try my best and work even harder than before. I must speak and listen to English more both in and out of class. I must learn English well so that I can work well when I grow up.
The question is: To study English well, we have to   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:remember the new words and learn more grammar
B:know the differences between Chinese and English
C:pay attention to pronunciation, spelling, handwriting and idioms
D:do all the above thingsYou can't see any object unless light from that object gets into your eyes.Some of the things you see give off light of their own. The sun,the stars,a lighted lamp are the examples that can be seen by their own light.But most of the things you see are not giving off light of their own.They are just reflecting light that falls on them from the sun or some other luminous bodies.The moon,for example,doesn't give off any light of its own.It is not 1uminous.You see it because sunlight falls on it and some of the sunlight reflects on the earth.So moonlight is only second--hand sunlight.
When you look at a book,it sends some of the light which fails on it to your eyes,and you see the book.If light could be kept out from where you're so that there would be no light from the book to reflect.Then you couldn't see the book even with your eyes wide open.Light travels so fast that the time in which it travels from the book you're reading to your eyes is as short as if there were no time at time.Light reaches us from the moon,which is about 380,000 kilometres away,in only a little more than a second.
The question is: _  has light of its own.
The possible answers are:
A:The moon
B:The earth
C:The sun
D:The satellite of Dong Fong HongA famous foreign company in China wanted a Clerk for its public relation department  .
A beautiful girl with a master's degree  went through a lot of challenges and her name was on the list. In the final stage she faced an interview together -with another girl. Both of them were outstanding , not only in looks but also in education.
The girl was successful in the interview. It seemed that she would get the chance. At last the examiner asked her, "Can you come to the office next Monday?" Shocked by the unexpected question, the beautiful girl couldn't make a decision at the moment, so she said, "I have to talk with my parents before I give an answer. " The examiner felt surprised but said calmly, "If so, let' s wait till you are ready. "
The next day, the girl came to tell the examiner that her parents had agreed to let her begin work next Monday. But the examiner said regretfully  , "Sorry, another suitable candidate  has got the job. You had better try another place. "The beautiful girl was surprised. She asked for an explanation  and was told, "What is needed here is a person who knows her own mind. "
That was how a good opportunity _ a beautiful girl ran away.
The question is: The beautiful girl wanted to ask her parents for advice because  _
The possible answers are:
A:she didn't like the job
B:she didn't expect the examiner would ask such a question
C:she didn't want to answer the question
D:her parents would be angry if she didn't ask themComputer games are more and more popular with teenagers. Games are fun. After hours of homework it's great to relax by playing a game. But do games ever do kidsany harm? And are there any ways parents can help kids stay away from bad games? US researches are trying to find answers to these questions.
One problem found that parents are not taking enough notice of their kids'games -playinghabits. Many games sells output controls   on the games to help parents make sure that children don't play things unsuitable for them, said David Walsh, president of the national Institute on media and the Family. Parents need to watch the games kids are playing and how much time they are spending playing them.
The study found that playing games too long can affect kids' health as well as their schoolwork. Almost half of all " heavy games" are six to 17 years old. These kids are more likely to have weight and eyesight problems than other kids. Playing too many games also affects(v)how children do in school.
Kids can ask their parents to set a time limit for playing games and remind them when the time is up. Don't forget to tell your parents about it.
The question is: What problem did the researchers find with parents?   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:Parents don't pay much attention to their kids' game--playing habits.
B:Parents care too much about kids' schoolwork.
C:Parents don't notice their kids' healthy habits.
D:All of the above.A. Dear Mrs. Web
Dear Mrs. Web provides free personal advice and opinions for you. She receives and answers worldwide e-mail questions . She will offer you some new suggestions on your problems, like study project, problems in making friends... Dear Mrs. Web welcomes all questions and suggestions. You can receive the reply usually in 48 hours. Her e-mail address is mrsweb @ advice com
B. Help Line Volunteers
Every year thousands of old people are in need of our help. The Help Line provides a heartwarming. helpful, kind support and free information service for the English-speaking aged people.
We are in need of volunteers who are :good listeners, warm-hearted and patient; excellent English speaker; can work 10 hour every week.
Please call us at 0241-85902 or e-mail us at helper@lineservice.com.
C. Save the Earth Club
Earth club is for any student in Green School. Earth Club's goal is to help keep the school, neighborhood and city cleaner by encouraging recycling, highway clean up, and river, lake and school campus clean up. We hope to improve the environment and encourage others to do the same. We also need to discuss some real solutions to save the earth. Earth Club meets 2-4times a month. Come and join us!
D. The King Sweeper
"My great, great grandfather invented the carpet sweeper 125years ago. This King Sweeper is by far the best. I invite you to try it in your home. You'll find it used daily in hospitals, restaurants, offices and homes throughout the world. This is just the thing to keep your carpet soft , clean and fresh. Only for $59.99!
We are so sure that you will be satisfied with the results of using our product.
E. Trendy Sunglasses
They can protect your eyes when driving, gardening or reading in the sun. It can make your life easier and happier, and make you look smarter! $20.99 each or 2 for$39.99!
The question is: Save the Earth Club is   _   to help improve environment.
The possible answers are:
A:a world club
B:a city club
C:a school club
D:a neighborhood clubDick is not old, but he does not have much hair. His wife  Emma has thick, beautiful and black hair. They have a son. His name is Peter, and he is five years old. Today Dick is reading a book in his study. Peter looks at his father for a long time and then asks his mother, "Why does Papa have so little hair, Mama?" Emma laughs and says, "He has little hair becauseThe food looks good but  _    bad. he thinks a lot. He's a very clever man." Peter looks at his mother's thick hair for a few seconds and then laughs, "Then I know why you have so much hair."
The question is: Peter's words mean  that Emma is   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:kind
B:clever
C:foolish
D:nicePeople have different ways of greeting each other. They might shake hands  , kiss or hug  . But do you ever wonder how dogs say hello?
If you are a dog lover, you already know the answer to this question. When you arrive home, your dog jumps up into your lap  . It wags   its tail, and sometimes gives you wet kisses.
Like humans, dogs have five senses  : smell, touch, sight, hearing and taste. Humans use sight as the main sense for recognizing   one another. But dogs have poor eyesight. They use smell to recognize others. A dog's sense of smell is much better than a human's. It is through its sense of smell that tells the differences between different people.
Dogs use smell to recognize other dogs, too. They tell the differences by the smell of pee   and pooh  . When two dogs meet, they smell each other's noses. Then they go side to side, and smell each other's butts  . By smelling its friend's behind, a dog knows who it is with.
That is also why dogs smell everything they can on the road. By smelling grass, trees and signposts  , dogs know which other neighborhood dogs have been around.
The question is: How do the dogs recognize each other?
The possible answers are:
A:They use eyes to recognize each other.
B:They use sound to recognize each other.
C:They use smell to recognize each other.
D:They use touch to recognize each other.If you usually take the school bus or sometimes need to take public buses to school, there are some important rules you should know.
*When you are waiting for the bus, you should wait at the bus stop, and stand well back.
*When you get off the bus, make sure you and the driver can see each other, and wait for the driver to signal you before you cross the road in front of the bus.
*Never go back for anything you may leave on the bus when it is starting.
*Never bend down near the bus when you walk to or from the bus stop.
*You should cross the street at a crosswalk or a street corner, and wait for the light to turn green or for the WALK crossing signal.
*It is important to look carefully to the left, the right and the left again when you cross the street.
*Remember that it is dangerous to stay in the areas around buses where the driver can't see you. Don't run between parked cars or buses.
*Do not run across the street or through parking areas to catch up with your friends.
The question is: It is important to  _  when you cross the street.
The possible answers are:
A:run quickly
B:wait for the light to turn green
C:look carefully to the left
D:look carefully to the rightA small ,white envelope stuck among the branches of our Christmas tree and it has been there for the past ten years or so.
It all began because my husband Justin hated Christmas--oh, not the true meaning of Christmas.Overspending was one thing, but compared to the difficult experience of choosing gifts--running around at the last minute to get a tie for Uncle Harry and a pair of gloves for Grandma...,spending money is nothing. I felt too tired to think of any special gifts.
Knowing Justin felt the same way, I decided one year not to buy the usual shirts, sweaters, ties and so on. I reached for something special just for Justin. The inspiration came in an unusual way.
Our son Kevin, who was 12 that year, was wrestling  at the junior level at the school he attended; and shortly before Christmas, there was a match against a team sponsored   by an inner-city church.These youngsters, dressed in such worn-out shoes that shoe strings seemed to be the only thing holding them together, while our boys were in their blue and gold uniforms and new wrestling shoes.
As the match began, I was shocked to see that the other team were wrestling without wearing helmets   to protect their ears. Well, our boys ended up defeating them. We took every weight class.
Justin, seated beside me, shook his head sadly, "I wish just one of them could have won," he said. "They have a lot potential   , but losing like this could take the heart out of them." Justin loved kids--all kids, and he knew them, having coached little league football and baseball. That's when the idea for his present came. That afternoon, I went to a local sporting goods store and bought different kinds of wrestling helmets and shoes. I sent them to inner-city church without leaving my name.
On Christmas Eve, I placed the envelope on the tree, the note inside telling Justin what I had done and that was his gift from me. His smile was the brightest thing about Christmas that year and since then the envelope has become the highlight of our Christmas.
The question is: Why did the writer send gifts to the inner-city church without leaving her name ?
The possible answers are:
A:To avoid being thanked
B:To play a joke on Justin
C:To give Justin a surprise
D:To protect her private informationSwimming is very popular in the world. Many people like swimming in summer, even in the other three seasons. Water makes people feel cool and swimming makes people keep fit.
If you swim in a wrong place, it may not be safe. A lot of people died when they were enjoying themselves in water, and most of them were students. Now some people are not careful enough in swimming. They often think they can swim so well that nothing will happen to them in water. If you go swimming in summer, don't forget that a lot of good swimmers have died in water. They died not because they couldn't swim, but because of their carelessness . Don't get into water when you are alone. If there is a " No Swimming" sign, don't swim there. If you  remember these, swimming will be safe and enjoyable .
The question is: Some swimmers died in water because they were  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:students
B:children
C:not strong
D:too carelessIt was a cold and wet night. Over the radio came the message to deal with an accident in one of the side streets of the city. The scene of the accident wasn't far away and we arrived after 10 minutes. Two cars had crashed. Two women were lying on the street and one driver was still in the car. The driver was quite drunk  and kept shouting to us. He didn't get badly hurt. A young woman died at once when the two cars crashed. I was holding the other woman and tried to stop the bleeding, but at last I had to watch her die in my arms.
Three months later, I saw the driver in court and found him to be a normal person. He was sorry for his actions. In the end, he was put into the prison for several years. A man isn't a man if he drinks 10 beers in an hour. A man is a man when he knows his limit and takes responsibility . When he can stay away from wine, he can drive more safely.
The question is: We know   _   died in the accident.
The possible answers are:
A:the man
B:one woman
C:two women
D:nobodyMr Black is an American,but he is in Canada now.He is a tall man with funny glasses.He works in a big city but lives in a town far away.He lives on the twentieth floor of a building.Every morning he gets up early.Then he gets into the lift and it takes him down to the first floor.He runs to the bus stop and catches the early bus.It usually takes him about two hours to get to the factory by bus.Then he gets off the bus and walks into the workshop quickly.He starts his work at eight in the morning.
The question is: Mr Black is from  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:American
B:English
C:Canada
D:AmericaFull of happiness and sadness, the year 2015 is coming to an end and we invite you, the foreign friends to share your stories with our millions of readers all over the world. We will choose some of the best and give prizes to the writers.
 _ 
Foreigners with some experiences about China during the past year. You may have visited for just a few days, stayed longer here or just met with Chinese in your own countries.
What to write?
Anything about China or Chinese people that happened to you. It can be Chinese food, buildings, tradition or anything you think worth writing about.
How to join?
E-mail your writing to readers@chinadaily.com.cn.
Rules: At least 200 words and one photo about your story. More words and photos are encouraged. Please write the information, such as who, what, where and when, below your photos. Prize: A mobile phone.
Deadline : December 26th, 2015.
The question is: This passage comes from   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:a map
B:a postcard
C:a dictionary
D:a newspaperThese classmates all had good jobs and made lots of money. They talked happily. Then their talk soon turned to complaining about the stress   in work and life. The teacher went to the kitchen and came back with a large pot of coffee and many cups--china   ones, plastic ones and glass ones. Some are plain   looking, some are expensive and some are lovely. The teacher told them to help themselves to the coffee.
When all the students had a cup of coffee in hand, the teacher said, "Can you notice that all of you took nice-looking expensive cups, leaving behind the plain and cheap ones? You want only the best for yourselves, and that is the source   of your problems."
"What all of you really wanted was coffee, not the cup, but you went for the best cups and then began looking at each other's cups."
"Now think about this: life is the coffee, and the jobs, money and position   in society are the cups. They are just tools to hold, and do not change the life. Sometimes, by caring only about the cups, we fail to enjoy the coffee. So don't let the cups drive you, and enjoy the coffee instead."
The question is: What cups did the teacher give to his students?
The possible answers are:
A:All china cups.
B:Plastic and glass cups.
C:Beautiful cups.
D:Different kinds of cups.Bicycle Tour  and Race
A bike tour and race will be held on August 26 and 27 (Sat. & Sun. ) at 5:30 a.m. The riders will leave Tian'anmen Square and ride the first 35 kilometers as a training leg. Then the next 55 kilometers leg, from Yanjiao to Jixian, will be the first competitive part of the tour. The riders will be taken from Jixian to Changli. The second racing _ of the tour will be from Changli to the seaside of Nandaihe, covering about 20 kilometers. On Saturday night the riders will stay at Nandaihe for supper. Sunday morning is free for playing at the seaside. At noon all the people and their bikes will be taken back to Beijing.
Cost: Y=200      Telephone: 010--60875678
The question is: If you want to do something for weekend, what should you do?
The possible answers are:
A:Call 010--60875678 and take part in the Bicycle Tour and Race.
B:Go to Tian'anmen Square and ride 35 kilometers.
C:Pay Y=200 to watch the Bicycle Tour and Race.
D:Stay at Nandaihe for supper.It was hard being the younger of two sisters. I got all the hand-me-downs  . I never got to do anything first and my teachers always said, "Oh, you're Jenny's little sister." "No, I am Lauren!" I never liked being the younger. Jenny and I got along with a few fights here and there.
Then a few years ago, Jenny and I were in a car accident. She was okay, but I had a large scar   on my face. I was very sad. Jenny told me I shouldn't worry about the scar.
One day we were riding home from school on the bus. A boy named Jordan made fun of me about my scar. This went on for about a month. Finally I broke down and told Jenny about him. She was angry.
When Jordan made fun of me the next time, Jenny stood up, walked to where he was sitting and said something into his ear. I didn't know exactly what she said, but Jordan never said a single word to me again.
So, even though getting all of the hand-me-downs might not be the best, I was very happy to have a big sister like Jenny.
When anyone asks now, I will tell them, "Yes, I'm Jenny's little sister."
,.
The question is: When Lauren says, "Yes, I'm Jenny's little sister", she is very  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:angry
B:sad
C:upset
D:proudCome to Austria!
Soll is a village in the mountains in western Austria. The Post Hotel, opened by a local family, is clean and not expensive. From the hotel you can see the whole village, the forest and the mountains. Temperatures in summer are usually 20degCto 25degCin the daytime, but much cooler at night.
Enjoy Thailand!
When you visit Bangkok   in Thailand, do not miss the early morning river boat trip to the Floating  Market just outside the city. There you will find many kinds of fruits and vegetables. There you can pay for them when you sit in your boat. Don't forget your hat and sunglasses: the sun can be strong and it may be as hot as 40degCat noon!
Visit Hawaii!
Maybe the most beautiful place in Hawaii is Kauai. You can visit its long, sandy beaches in the south and west of the island, and mountains and forests in the north, but be careful: there are many mosquitoes   , and don't be surprised if it rains in the center of the land. Daytime temperatures there are usually around 24degCto
26degCby the sea, and only a little cooler in late evening.
The question is: You can have a view of   _   at the Post Hotel.
The possible answers are:
A:The whole village
B:the whole country
C:the forest and mountains
D:both A and CReading is an activity that people enjoy a lot in their free time. Some like reading newspapers, and others enjoy novels or comic books. I like reading about the lives of great people. _ always gives me a lot of ideas on how to make my own life better.
Great people are remembered not because they were handsome or beautiful, but because they did not give up when their lives were difficult. They used every opportunity to change their lives and make the world better.
One good example is Orville and Wilbur Wright, the two brothers who invented the airplane. The plane has made the world into a small village. Hard work, not good luck, is the reason why the Wright Brothers could invent this convenient machine and become remarkable people. Today we still remember them when we see planes in the sky.
When I feel sad, stories of great people always help me feel better. This is why I enjoy reading about great people's lives.
The question is: Which book might the writer be most interested in?
The possible answers are:
A:How to Build a Strong Plane
B:Ten Books That Have Made Our World Better
C:Use Every Opportunity to Read in Your Free Time
D:Michael Jordan: The Man Who Changed Basketball HistoryWe moved to a new area when our son was in Grade Five. Before we moved, we took him to spend half a day at his new school. There he saw his new classmates and teachers. He enjoyed the visit. During the almost 150-kilometre drive home, he told us that he had told some of the students the dace when we would move there. And he had also invited them to visit us.
The moving day, a Saturday, was a busy day. We arrived at our new house at noon. About an hour later, kids began to come and soon one of them invited our son to his house to play for the afternoon.
By the time he returned, he knew where most of the kids lived and the histories of their families.
On Monday morning, the doorbell rang just before the time he would leave for school. Then it rang again and again.
By the time he was ready, we had eight young boys waiting to walk to school with him on his first day. They all live near us.
I asked them if their parents had sent them. The answers surprised and pleased me, "No, we just came so that he would have someone to walk with." and "It is the right thing to do."
The friendships were formed  from that day. We have lived here for nearly six years and the same group of kids still play together, go to parties on weekends together, and surfing the Internet together.
I am still thinking how welcoming and kind those kids are. And how lucky my son is to have them as friends.
The question is: The passage shows us that   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:it's easy to move to a new place
B:it's kind of people to help a new comer
C:it's good to make new friends
D:it's better to live in the same placeIt's seven fifty in the morning . The students are coming into the classroom.
A boy is opening the window. Some of the students are laughing and talking.
Some others are laughing to them. Some are reading books.Some are doing their homework.
Miss White is standing behind the teacher's desk. She is writing on the blackboard. Lucy and Lily are wearing their new dresses today. Mary is cleaning her desk. Jim is helping her. They all  look happy.
What are John and Tom doing? Oh, dear! They are still playing football on the playground.
The question is: What are the students Not doing?
The possible answers are:
A:Doing their homework.
B:Laughing and talking
C:Writing on the blackboard
D:Reading books.Learning How to Learn    $ 24.99
Children who read this book show great interest in study. Many pictures will help understand it easily and quickly.
Basic Study Manual     $ 38.50
Read this book and learn:
What the three barriers  to study are and what to do about them.
What to do if you are fed up with a subject. Children read it to improve the ability to study.
How to Use a Dictionary Picture Book for Children $ 35.00
Read this book and learn:
How to find words in a dictionary.
What the different marks in a dictionary mean.  How to use a dictionary to pronounce   words correctly.
Buy this book and help children unlock their education. What's more, you'll just pay 50% for it before July 1, 2006.
The question is: Many pictures in the book "Learning How to Learn" can
The possible answers are:
A:make the book beautiful
B:make the children draw beautifully
C:make the book sell well
D:make the children understand the book easilyThere are a lot of school rules around the world. For example, in Australia, Canada, Japan and the United States, students have to wear uniforms, and they are not allowed to wear earrings.
Some schools in Japan and other countries have rules about hair. For example, students are not allowed to change the color of their hair. In the United States, boys can not have their hair grow long.
For safety at some US schools, students must have a pair of indoor shoes at school every day. This makes sure students won't fall over on the wet floors and keeps the schools clean.
Gum chewing is not allowed in many US school buildings, as it is difficult to clean up. And if students chew gum in class, they may not pay much attention to their studies.
In most foreign countries, school students are allowed to work part-time. But differently, Japanese school students are not allowed to work part-time or change the color of their hair.
,. (5,2,10)
The question is: Why must students have a pair of indoor shoes at school every day  at some US schools?
The possible answers are:
A:This makes students exercise more easily.
B:This makes students won't fall over on the wet floors.
C:This keeps the schools clean.
D:This keeps the schools clean and makes students safe.Too many people want others to be their friends, but they don't give friendship  back. That is why some friendships don't last  very long. To have a friend, you must learn to treat  your friend the way you want your friend to treat you. Learning to be a good friend means learning three rules: be honest; be generous;be understanding.
Honesty means being honest. It is where a good friendship starts. Friends must be able to trust one another. If you don't tell the truth, people usually find out. If a friend finds out that you haven't been honest, you may lose your friend's trust. Good friends always count on  one another to speak and act honestly.
Generosity means sharing and sharing makes a friendship grow. You don't have to give your friend your lunch money or your clothes, or enjoy your hobbies and interests together. Naturally you will want to share your ideas and feelings. These can be very valuable  to a friend. They tell your friend what is important to you. By sharing them, you help your friend know you better.
Sooner or later everyone needs understanding and help with a problem. Something may go wrong at school. Talking about the problem can make it easier to solve . Turning to a friend can be a first step in solving the problem. So to be a friend, you must listen and understand. You must try to put yourself in your friend's place, so you can understand the problem better.
No two friendships are ever exactly alike  . But all true friendships have three things in common . If you plan to keep your friendships, you must practice honesty,Generosity and understanding.
The question is: Some friendships don't last very long because  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:there are too many people who want to make friends
B:they don't know friendship is something serious
C:those who give others friendships receive friendships from others
D:they don't return friendship to each other.Hello, My name is Dale. I'm 13 years old. This is a photo of my family. Look! This is my father. His name is Tim Brown. He is 45 years old. This is my mother Alice. She is 43 years old. I have a sister and her name is Gina. She is 11 years old. I look like  my mother and Gina looks like my father. All my family are in the same school. My parents are teachers. They are friendly   to the students, so the students love them very much. My sister and I are students and we love our school.
The question is: What's Dale's family name?
The possible answers are:
A:Tim
B:Brown
C:Alice
D:GreenThe following diaries were written by an Australian boy named Tony. He was on holiday with his family in South Asia.
The question is: Tony thought of the way to   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:forget the experience
B:take photos of the travelers
C:set up a website for the hospital
D:help the boy find his fatherCows that are named and treated with a "more personal touch" can increase milk production by up to 500 pints a year.
The study, by the university's School of Agriculture, Food and Rural Development, involved  516 farmers across the UK.
The study found farmers who named their cows got a 54% higher production than those that did not give their cows names. Dairy farmer Dennis Gibb said he believed treating every cow as an individual  was very important.
"They aren't just our means of making money. They're part of the family," he said. "We love our cows here and every one of them has a name. All of us regard them as 'our ladies' but we know every one of them and each one has her own personality."
Dr Catherine Douglas said, "What our study shows is what many good, caring farmers have long since believed. Our data suggests that UK dairy farmers regard their cows as intelligent beings . They are able to experience a range of emotions ."
"Placing more importance on knowing the individual animals and calling them by name can, at no extra cost to the farmer, also increase milk production."
,.
The question is: What does the farmer Gibb regard his cows as?
The possible answers are:
A:Their parents.
B:Members of their family.
C:Their friends.
D:Clever animals.Mr. Weeks is fifty years old. He's taught maths in a middle school for twenty years. He works and always comes to his office on time. He hopes his students will be honest and he is strict with them. Some of his students have become famous persons, but they still remember him and often write to him. Of course the man is proud of them.
This term he began to teach Grade One. Some of the new students were told about him, but the others didn't know about him. On the first day of school he told the students how to be an honest person. He gave them some examples and said, "I don't like telling a lie." Before class was over, he told all his students to finish Exercise 8 in Lesson 1.
The next morning, as soon as he came into the classroom, he asked. "Who's finished Exercise 8?" A few students raised their hands. He shook his head and said. "Open your workbooks and see if there's Exercise 8 in Lesson 1."
The students had a look at their workbooks and their faces turned red at once.
The question is: The students still remember Mr. Weeks because   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:he taught them maths and something important as well
B:he was a famous person
C:he was an old teacher
D:he was never lateSpeaking English is not only about using proper grammar, but also about understanding the culture. Here is some important advice to remember when speaking English in the United States.
*Americans have difficulties understanding foreign accents. Many Americans are not used to foreign accents. This requires patience from both of you.
*Talk about places: Americans love to talk about places. When speaking to a stranger, ask them where they come from and then say something about that place. For example: "Oh, I have a friend who worked in Los Angeles. He says it's a beautiful place to live in." Most Americans will then willingly talk about their experiences of living in or visiting that city or place.
*Talk about work: It is common for Americans to ask "What do you do?" It's not considered impolite as in some countries and is a popular topic of discussion between strangers.
*Talk about sports: Americans love sports! However, they love American sports. When speaking about football, most Americans understand "American football", not soccer.
*Be careful when expressing ideas about race, religion or other sensitive topics:The United States is a society with different cultures. Americans are very sensitive to other cultures and ideas.
The question is: The writer gives some advice mainly on   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:talking with Americans
B:working with Americans
C:speaking American English
D:understanding American societyA Want Ads
1. WANTED
Are you hard-working? Do you like to meet people? If your answer is "yes", then we have a job for you as a waiter, Call AL Hotel at 556779!
2. SUMMER JOB
Do you like to talk with people? Do you like to write stories? If you want to work for our magazine as a reporter, please call Jack at 558366.
3. HELP WANTED
Do you like babies? Can you look after one baby for two days? If you are sure to take care of him, call us at 766588, $80 or more
4. CLEANER WANTED
Can you make a large house clean and tidy? If you hope to get the job paid at $20 once, call us this evening, 18:00-20:00. Tel: 633800.
The question is: _  is needed in AL Hotel.
The possible answers are:
A:Cleaner
B:Baby-sitter
C:Reporter
D:WaiterIt's time for our clothing sale. We only have this sale once a year. This year, prices are lower than ever, but the quality   of our clothes is the same. How much are our blue pants? They're only twelve dollars. How much are our swimsuits? This week, you can buy one for only fourteen dollars. And what's the price of our T-shirt? Only eight dollars each! Or, you can buy two for fifteen dollars. And we have them in all colors: red, yellow, blue and green. Do you like Mango sweatshirts? This week, you can buy them for eighteen dollars. And our sports bags are only twelve dollars----that's right, twelve dollars only.
Come to the Blue Water Surf Shop now. The sale starts today.
The question is: You can buy  _   in this shop.
The possible answers are:
A:sports bags
B:T-shirts
C:swimsuits
D:A,B&CDear Tommy,
I'm  writing to you on your third birthday. I want to tell you something about your grandma's time. I was born sixty-eight years ago in a small village.
Transportation used to be a big problem. When we travelled from village to village, we used to walk or ride horses.
Shopping was not an easy job, either. There were no supermarkets in the neighborhood. We used to grow most of our own food: rice and vegetables. We kept things cool in a special underground room.
The biggest difference is that you have electricity. We didn't have electricity until very late in our small village. We didn't have any televisions of course. We used to perform our local music and enjoy it very much.
Life used to be very hard, but I was not upset. I would like you to know about the old days and be happy about what you have. Remember , feeling good about life is the key to happiness.
Love
Your grandma
The question is: Why did the writer write this letter?
The possible answers are:
A:She wanted to show that life now is really happy.
B:She wanted to tell others that life was hard in the past.
C:She wanted the kid to be positive about life in the future.
D:She wanted the kid to dream about his future life.Now QQ coins are popular among Chinese teenagers. People use real money to buy Web money. Then they buy clothes for their online characters   or services for their online pets with it. And these fancy things will cost QQ fans more in the future.
The government will put a tax   of 3% on online sales. For example, if QQ users pay 100 yuan for 110 QQ coins, they will have to spend 103 yuan in the future. The extra   three yuan is tax.
Beijing was the first city to carry out the policy. Online games have to pay the tax, too. A number of players make money by spending a lot of time on the games to gain powers  , and then selling them.
Experts said that online trade grow fast. There is more than 10 billion yuan of real money in online trade a year in China.
However, the government's new move has become a hot topic   among Internet users around the country. In a survey by sina.com more than 70% of about 3,000 surveyed were against it. They said that the tax is too much.
But supporters   said the government's better management   of the Internet would help it become healthier. They believe the new move would help stop online identity theft  .
The question is: The new move can help Internet become healthier and   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:stop online shopping
B:stop online trade
C:stop online identity theft
D:stop online spending moneyDo you know Tai Ping Clothes Store? It's a great store. I like it very much. There are lots of things at a very good price in the store. They have sweaters in all colors for 50 yuan . They have bags for sports and school. They sell them for only 4 yuan. They have black T-shirts for only 20 yuan. They have long white socks for just 2 yuan. A red skirt is only 35 yuan. If  you want to buy two, You will spend  only 65 yuan. You buy many things, and then you will   get lots of _ for free . And that's all. You can go to the store and see for yourself.
The question is: Which things are not mentioned  in the article?
The possible answers are:
A:Skirts
B:Bags
C:Shorts
D:SocksSchool Open Day  
Dear students,
We have some interesting and fun things for you this term. On September 9th 2014, we have a School Open Day. It begins at 9:00 a.m. and finishes at 4:00 p.m. All parents can come to our school, have a cup of coffee, and meet our teachers and other parents.
Your parents can go to your children's classrooms, have a talk with the principal  , have a look at the clubs and ask any questions. From 11:30 a.m. to 12:30 a.m, the parents can go to Room 106 for lunch. If you have any questions about the School Open Day, you can call John Smith --- the principal. The telephone number is 021-4899688.
Welcome to our school and join us.
School: Apple Tree Middle School
The question is: Where do parents have lunch?
The possible answers are:
A:In a park.
B:In their children's classrooms.
C:In Room 106.
D:At home.The Blacks are American tourists. They visits now in Beijing. This is their first visit to China. They are going to stay in China for three months. They want to visit some big cities and villages. They hope to learn some Chinese, too.
Mr Black is a taxi driver. He likes to drive in Beijing. Mrs Black is a school teacher. She is visiting a city school today and a village school tomorrow. Their daughter is a middle school student. She is going to meet some Chinese students.
They are taking a lot of pictures in China. When they return to America, they are going to show the pictures to their friends. They want the American people to know more about China.
The question is: The Blacks are staying in  _   now.
The possible answers are:
A:England
B:Beijing
C:Shanghai
D:New YorkEvery living thing on Earth is either a plant or an animal, right? Wrong! Many organisms in our world are neither. Some of them float through the air, and some lie hidden in the ground. They do not need sunlight to survive, and if the weather becomes too cold, they can become inactive until conditions improve.
What are these? They are called fungi , and you see them almost every day. Many kinds of fungi seem _ , such as the green black things that appear on the food which are left too long in the refrigerator. But other kinds are not so bad. For example, the yeast that is used to make bread and mushrooms   are both fungi.
What makes fungi different from plants and animals? An animal can move around by itself. Fungi get around too, but they don't have feet, wings, or tails. They have to wait for wind or some other outside force to move them. Plants are different from fungi because they have chlorophyll . It helps them make food from the energy in sunlight. Fungi do not have chlorophyll.
Some fungi are bad, while others are not. Some fungi cause diseases, such as athlete's foot, which makes feet uncomfortable. Other kinds of fungi can be used to make medicines, which have saved many lives.
Fungi clean up more than wounds, though. They are the world's first recyclers. Without fungi, our world would be a mess. Since fungi cannot make their own food as plants do, they must get their food elsewhere. Many fungi get their food from dead plants. They break them down and turn them into soil. The fungi get a meal, and the world gets a housecleaning.
The question is: Where can you most probably find this passage?
The possible answers are:
A:In a social report.
B:In a biology book.
C:In a geography magazine.
D:In a farming book.Robert is sixteen now. He'll finish middle school in two years. His father has a shop and got much money. He hopes his son can go to university and makes him study hard. But the young man likes to play cards. He has to go out when his parents fall asleep.
One night, when Robert came back, his father happened to see him. The old man was very angry and told his son to live upstairs. Robert has to go up and down quietly. Of course it troubles him. He thought and thought but didn't find a way.
Last evening Robert listened carefully. And he was sure his parents went to sleep, he went out to play cards with his friends. He won some money and was happy. And he got back, he took off his shoes and was going upstairs. He heard a noise in his parents' bedroom. He stood behind the door and saw a man come out. He understood it was a thief  . He stopped him at once. The man was very afraid and brought out all the things he stole   in the room.
"Tell me how you didn't wake my parents up," said Robert. "Or I'll take you to the police station!"
The question is: Robert listened carefully because he wanted to know   _
The possible answers are:
A:if his parents went to sleep
B:if he woke his parents up
C:if it was raining hard outside
D:if someone came inDear Mr. Expert,
I grew up in a abusive  home, I always promised myself that I'd get out as soon as possible. Now, at age 20, I have a good job and a nice house of my own, and I'm really proud .
Here's the problem: some of my friends who still live with their parents spend the weekends with me. But now they make mine theirs. They bring boy friends over, talk on the phone, etc.
I enjoy having my friends here sometimes -it makes the place feel comfortable and warm, but this is my home, not a party house, what shall I do?
Joan
Dear Joan,
If your family didn't pay attention to your needs when you were a child, you probably have trouble letting others know your needs now.
And if you've gathered your friends around you to rebuild a happy family, you may fear that saying no will bring back the kind of _ that you grew up in. You need to understand that in true friendship it's okay to put your own needs first from time to time.
Be clear about the message you want to send to your friends. For example, "I really love you, but I also need some personal space. So please call me before you come over ."
Edward
The question is: According to Mr. Expert, why can't Joan tell her friends her feeling?
The possible answers are:
A:She is afraid of hurting her friends.
B:She does not understand true friendship.
C:Her family experience stops her from doing so.
D:She does not put her needs first.An eighty-year-old couple were having trouble with their memories . One day, they decided to see a doctor. The doctor told him that there was nothing serious, but he suggested that they should start writing things down to help them remember things. The couple thanked the doctor and left.
Later that night while watching TV, the old man got up from his chair and his wife asked, "Where are you going?"   "To the kitchen."he said.
"Will you get me an ice-cream?" asked the wife.
"Sure."
Then his wife asked him to write it down.
"No, I can remember that," replied the husband.
"Well, I also want some strawberries and cream on top. You'd better write it down, or you will forget that," said the wife.
"No, I can remember that," the husband got a little unhappy and went into the kitchen.
After about 20 minutes, the husband returned with a plate of fish. The wife laughed, "Haha! Your bad memory! I wanted some bread with cream."
The question is: How old was the wife?
The possible answers are:
A:Eight
B:Eighteen
C:Eighty
D:EightiesBooks are our best friends. They are very quiet, but we can always find both fun and knowledge once we open them. Here are two good books you can read during the holiday.
Book: The Little Prince 
French writer :Antoine de Saint-Exupery
Both adults and children love this classic book. It is about the adventure of a young prince. It shows the importance of innocence (  ) ,imagination and love. The little prince comes from planet B-612. In his eyes ,adults are all very strange. Unlike them, he sees the essence  of things .He cares more about a flower and a sheep than the " important" things of adult world.
The prince lives on his planet with a rose. He loves the rose very much. But he soon feels tired and leaves his planet. He meets many more strange adults on other planets. On Earth, he discovers interesting things such as a snake, other roses and a fox. The fox tells him a secret :Only the heart can discover the most important things. This helps the prince realize his love for the rose and he goes back to his planet.
Book: To Succeed on One's Own(  )
American Writer :Liu Yong
Writer Liu Yong from Taiwan wrote this book for his daughter .It can help young people succeed. The book teaches you about student-teacher relationship, how to use your free time and even what kind of clothes to wear. It answers many of teenagers' most common questions. Liu uses his daughter's stories as an example to help readers understand the principles  . His book is far from boring. There are lively stories and dialogues,
with objective analysis ,hope and confidence  from a good father.
,.
The question is: Where does the writer of " The Little Prince"come from?
The possible answers are:
A:England.
B:France.
C:America.
D:China.Nasreddin woke up in the middle of the night and saw something white in his garden. It seemed to be moving towards the house.
That is a thief ! He thought, and he took his gun and shot  at him. Then he went back to bed, because he was too frightened) to go out of the house in the dark.
The next morning Nasreddin went out and saw one of his white shirts hanging on the clothes-line in the garden, his wife had washed it the day before and hung it out to dry. Now it had a bullet- hole right through middle of it.
My God, said Nasreddin, I was lucky last night. If I had been wearing that shirt, the bullet would have killed me! And he called his neighbours together and asked them to thank God for saving him.
The question is: The next morning Nasreddin found  _   .
The possible answers are:
A:his wife in the garden
B:the clothes-line
C:the thief dead
D:a bullet-hole through the white shirtDo you want to spend a holiday in space? Dennis Tito, a businessman, has become the world's first "space tourist". He went on a 10-day visit to the International Space Station. He paid 14 million pounds for his journey. A year later, Martin, a musician from an American band, wanted to do the same. He was only 22 years old and probably very rich too. He had to go for a lot of training to see whether he was fit enough to travel. He is still waiting for his holiday of a lifetime.
Many people believe that this is only the start of something new. We made interviews among teenagers from around the world and the following is what they said about space travel.
"It's a great idea. I hope space travel will be common in about 50 years' time. I'd really love to do it and I think Mr. Tito was very lucky." (Kate from Australia)
"I would like to see our beautiful Earth from space. There are lots of secrets to explore in space and I would go into space if I could." (Ben from China)
"I think space travel is really bad for the environment. Maybe in the future they will make a cleaner way of travelling but until they do, I don't want to go. We should look after our own planet first."(Richard from Canada)
"It must be very boring and dangerous to sit in that small space shuttle . I'd rather take a plane and go to another place on earth." (Lisa from the UK)
So, as you can see, many of our teenagers had different opinions. Whether you like it or not, space travel is going to become an important thing in the future. We are looking forward to hearing your opinions.
The question is: What can we know about Dennis and Martin?
The possible answers are:
A:Dennis spent a lot of money travelling on the earth.
B:Martin was a musician from an American band.
C:Martin couldn't afford to go on training in the center.
D:Dennis is developing a space journey to do business.Not everyone has a chance to be a detective , but I got one when I was 13 years old. It happened in 1994.
One afternoon, I was walking down the street when I saw my father's new car. I expected  to see my father in the driver's seat. But to my surprise, I saw a young woman driving instead, "She has stolen my father's car," I thought. So I quickly stopped a taxi and got in. I said to the driver, "Follow that new car in front," I told him why.
The taxi driver had a car phone, so I asked him to call the police. Soon we heard the sound of a police car. The police told the woman to stop the car using a loudspeaker. The taxi came to a stop, too. I got out right then and said to the woman, "This is not your car. It's my father's car."
The woman smiled and said, "Oh. You're Mr. Johnson's son, right? I've seen your photo in your father's office."
Before I could say one word, the woman explained that she was my father's new assistant . My father had asked her to take his computer to the shop to have it repaired. He lent her his car. After hearing this, I called my father and he told us what the woman said was right. The police and the taxi driver laughed. I felt very sorry. It was both the first time and the last time I worked as a detective.
The question is: When did the story take place?
The possible answers are:
A:Thirteen years ago.
B:Twenty years ago.
C:Thirty years ago.
D:Before 1994.The future is coming! All over the world there are many new ideas for new places to live and work in. Some of them will be in the sea! They will be very big and lots of people will live and work in them. The Americans are planning to build a town called Atlantis City. It will be in the sea, about five miles away from the land. But the most exciting idea comes from Japan. It is Aeropolis. Aeropolis will be a _ sea city, with parks, schools, a hospital and an  airport ... And it will move ! It will travel slowly around the world. There are just two problems. Aeropolis will cost a lot of money to make. And for people who get seasick, it won't be much fun.
The question is: What's the name of Japanese sea city?
The possible answers are:
A:Atlantis.
B:Aeropolis.
C:Tokyo.
D:Osaka.I like to get up late, so my ideal school starts at 9 a.m. It finished at 3 P.m., so we will have lots of time for after-school activities. There is a big dining hall.
We have an hour for lunch. We eat lunch and chat there. We can also listen to pop music in the hall. We eat fruit and vegetables every day.
We have Maths every day because I think Maths is very interesting to us. I love computers, so we have Computer Studies every day. We wear school uniforms, but we do not wear ties. The classes are quite small. There are 15 students in each class.
There is a park on one side of our school and a shopping mall on the other. We have a big library
lots of useful books. We also have a tennis court and a swimming pool.
There are lots of clubs and after-school activities. We only have half an hour of homework every day, and we do not do homework at weekends. Every month, we go on a school trip to a museum or a theater.
The question is: How many students are there in my class?
The possible answers are:
A:Ten.
B:Sixteen.
C:Fourteen.
D:Fifteen.Paula   Monday  Tuesday Wednesday   Thursday    Friday
get up  7:10a.m.    7:10a.m.    7:10a.m.    7:10a.m.    7:10a.m.
morning school  school  school  school  school
lunch   pizza   rice    rice    rice    rice
afternoon   Yo--yo  Table tennis    Table tennis    Table tennis    football
evening homework    homework    television  homework    clothes
Go to sleep 10:15p.m.   10:15p.m.   10:15p.m.   10:15p.m.   10:15p.m.
The question is: On  _   ,Paula usually gets up at 7:10a.m.
The possible answers are:
A:Thursdays
B:Wednesdays
C:weekdays
D:weekendsIt was a cold night. The taxi driver didn't take even one passenger all day. When he went by the railwaystation, he saw a young man coming out with two bags in his hands. So he drove to him and asked, " whereare you going ,sir?
"To the Red Hotel," the young man answered. When the taxi driver heard this, he didn't feel happy anymore. The young man would give him only three dollars because the hotel was near the railway station. Butsuddenly, he had an idea. He took the young man through many streets of the big city.
After a long time, they arrived at the hotel. "Here we are! You should pay me fifteen dollars, please."the taxi driver said to the young man. "What? Fifteen dollars! Do you think I'm a fool? Only last week, Itook a taxi from the railway station to this hotel and I only gave the driver thirteen dollars. I know how muchI have to pay for the trip."
The question is: Maybe the taxi driver got   _  dollars at last.
The possible answers are:
A:3
B:2
C:13
D:15Chuck Wall teaches management and human relations at Bakersfield College. He walked into class one day and told his students that their homework was to perform one act of random  kindness. His students did not understand the homework and didn't know what to do, but the professor would not answer their questions. He encouraged his students to work it out for themselves.
One week later, the students entered the classroom excited to share their stories. One student told of giving away blankets to the homeless. Another reported on helping a dog to find its owner, and another student had been trying to find a long, lost friend. Students were energized   by the homework assignment and wanted other people to be kind too. With the support of local businesses, the students made stickers to put on cars that invited people to do something kind for others. They sold the stickers and decided to donate the money to a center for the blind---not surprising as Professor Wall is blind.
Since then, similar kindness activities have been started in schools around the world. Many schools organize a Random Acts of Kindness Week, around November 13th, to celebrate World Kindness Day. Some schools use each day of Random Acts of Kindness Week to perform a different kind act, such as making a new friend, helping someone, doing community service, or raising money for a charity. Students learn to consider other people and thank about how small actions can make the world a better place.
The question is: Which is the best title of the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:Learning Kind Things
B:Teaching Kindness
C:World Kindness Day
D:Bakersfield CollegeWe spend hours, days and years of our lives in studying. But what do you think of your school? What is your ideal school like? Here is some designing from four children in different countries.
I'm Ma from China. My dream school has a swimming pool and two football fields. It also has a cinema, a restaurant and a shopping centre. Now my school has none of these and I think there should be more enjoyable things for pupils to do while they are studying.
I am Sonia from Italy. I'd like a room. We can go and play computer games and chat with friends there. Some older pupils in the school have this but I think there should be a place for everyone to go when they want to switch  from the lessons.
I am Richard from the USA. I think it would be great to have a three days' holiday every week. We could have a long holiday. What fun! I also think school should start at ten o'clock, and finish at three o'clock in the afternoon.
I am Rebecca from Australia. My dream school would be big and roomy with a computer for every person in the school. I'd also like to have a music room. We can go and play instruments  when we want.
The question is: Ma thinks his dream school should have  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:more enjoyable things
B:a comfortable computer room
C:a place to switch off from the lessons
D:a music roomI am Tom. My good friends are John and Ann. John's house is next to my house, and we are in the same class. He's thirteen years old and he's tall. He has blond hair and blue eyes. He is very polite . His English is very good and he often helps me. He likes white. He likes wearing  a T-shirt, but in the photo he is in a blue shirt.
My friend Ann doesn't go to school. She is young. She is only seven. She has long brown hair and brown eyes. She likes yellow, and she likes bananas very much. She often buys bananas for her mother. Her mother likes her very much.
The question is: John likes  _  and Ann likes  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:brown; blue
B:blue; brown
C:white; yellow
D:shirts; bananasMrs Weeks was reading a newspaper story to her class. The story said:
Were you ever in a hospital when you were small? How did you feel? The doctors in Children's Hospital are asking for money for children's toys. Some children in the hospital must stay in bed for many weeks. Toys are needed to keep these sick children happy and quiet. Money for them can be sent to the hospital.
After Mrs. Weeks read the story, she said,"This story gave me an idea."
"You want us to bring some money for the toys.""We could bring some of our own toys for the children in the hospital, "said the boys and girls one after another.
"Well, your ideas would be nice, "Mrs. Weeks said,"but mine is different."
Mrs. Weeks smiled. "Do you think you could make toys?" she asked.
"Yes, yes," the whole class answered.
"Great! Let's begin to make toys tomorrow," said Mrs. Weeks.
On Saturday afternoon, Mrs. Weeks took the children to the hospital with the toys made by her students.
The children in the hospital felt very happy to see the toys. The children in the class felt happy, too. A few days later, Mrs. Weeks read another newspaper story to the class:
Some school pupils brought toys to Children's Hospital last week. The toys were made by the pupils of Grade Three in Green Street School. The doctors said, "We have never had so many wonderful toys. Our children are very happy with them. They say, 'THANK YOU, GRADE THREE'"
The question is: Doctors in Children's Hospital didn't have  _  to keep the children happy and quiet.
The possible answers are:
A:enough time
B:enough boys and girls
C:enough toys
D:enough doctorsTom:Good evening, Mum.
Mum:Good evening, Tom.
Tom:Do we eat chicken for dinner, Mum?
Mum:No, we eat fish and carrots, dear.
Tom:Mum, I don't like carrots. I like chicken.
Mum:But we need more  vegetables, not only meat . It's not healthy to eat chicken every day.
Tom:OK. But dad likes chicken, too.
Mum:Well, let's eat chicken and tomatoes tomorrow .
Tom:That sounds great!
The question is: What will they eat tomorrow?
The possible answers are:
A:Fish and carrots.
B:Chicken and fish.
C:Chicken and carrots.
D:Tomatoes and chicken.Mr. Zhang was a sports fan. He worked in a hospital in the capital. He was busy all the time and had little time to have a rest. And one day he felt unwell and couldn't go on working. He decided to spend a week's holiday in a quiet village where he could go swimming or fishing. He got off at a small railway station and soon got to a quiet village. He took a room hotel and went to sleep as soon as he had a good meal.
At first Mr. Zhang enjoyed himself there. He could do everything he wanted and went wherever he liked. Nobody disturbed him and knocked at the door at midnight. But on the fourth day he was in trouble. After lunch it was very hot. He went swimming in the river. Suddenly he saw a beautiful bird in a big tree. He wanted to catch it, so he walked to it, but it found him and flew away ans soon as gone. He began to pick some flowers in the forest and before long he lost his way.
The sun had gone down and night had fallen before Mr. Zhang found a small restaurant in another village. He came in and told them to bring him some bread, two eggs and a glass of tea. After a while his food was brought. Soon he ate up all the bread and eggs. When he was going to have the tea, he found there was a fly in the glass.
" What's in my tea?" Mr. Zhang called out, " A fly"
" It's impossible, sir." said the owner of the restaurant, " I had told them to pick all the flies out of your tea before they brought it to you!"
The question is: Mr. Zhang went to the village from home    _    ..
The possible answers are:
A:by bus
B:by car
C:on foot
D:by trainTom lived by himself a long way from town. He hardly went to town, but one day he went into town to buy a few things. After he bought them, he went into a restaurant and sat down at a table. When he looked around, he saw some old people put glasses on before reading their newspapers. So after lunch he decided to go to a shop to buy himself one pair, too. He walked along the road, and soon found a shop.
The man in the shop let him try on a lot of glasses, but Tom always said, "No, I can't read with these."
The man became puzzled   , and he said, "Excuse me, but can you read?"
"No, of course I can't!" Tom said angrily. "If I could read before, do you think I would come here to buy your glasses?"
The question is: Tom went to the shop to   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:have a rest
B:have dinner
C:wear glasses
D:buy a pair of glassesParents are the closest people to you in the world. They love you just because you're you. And they would do anything for you.
Like a lot of middle school students, Zhang Li has a problem. She and her parents don't get on well. "I really want to be my daddy's good girl. But it seems he just doesn't understand. He talks to me but doesn't listen to me," said Zhang Li, a student from Grade Three.
Do you and your parents also have problems?
Well, why don't you take a walk and have a walk on Saturday? May 15 is International Day of families . On that day, people around the world give thanks for good things about families and work on family problems.
A study last year showed that 1500 Beijing families had the same problem as Zhang's family. The children, 12 to 15 years old, didn't like talking with their parents much. They weren't happy at home. Of course, lots of other children feel that way. But you and your parents will be much happier if you can be friends.
Here are some ways to have a good talk with your parents: find a good time to talk, like when you're eating dinner, going out for a walk or watching TV. Tell them something you're interested in, or ask them about their lives when they were young. They love to talk about _ ! Listen to them carefully, and look at them in the eyes. Be honest, your parents will trust you more. And a trusting family is a happy family.
The question is: The purpose  of   _   is to let people in the world think more about families and family problems.
The possible answers are:
A:the writer of the article
B:International Day of Families
C:the story of Zhang Li
D:the study of Beijing familiesHunter and Nina are husband and wife. They get up at about 4:50 in the morning. When many people are still sleeping in their warm beds, they are working. They work outside and clean something. They don't work when it is raining. They also work on weekends
Her name is Sara. She sometimes goes to work in the morning, and sometimes goes to work at night When she is onduty. She works in a big building. There are many sick people in it. She wears a white hat and a white dress. She says, "I help doctors. I meet many people every day. I look after them. They need my help. That's my job. It's hard, but I like it."
Her name is Ann. She goes to work by bus every day. She works in a building. It opens at 8. a.m and closes at6.p.m.. There is a lot of good food, nice drinks and other things when she works. Children like to go there. She meets a lot of people every day. She often says, "Can I help you?" when she meets people. She says, "My work is not easy. I must stand all day and be friendly to everyone.
He is Jim's father. He usually leaves home very early. He doesn't work in a factory. He goes to work on foot or by bike. It is far from his home. He usually works in the day and has his lunch outside in the sun. His work is very hard.
The question is: Which of the following statements is not right?
The possible answers are:
A:Hunter and Nina get up early in the morning.
B:Maybe Sara works in a hospital.
C:Children never go to Ann's workplace.
D:Jim's father works very hard.My dad and I both love music. He taught me how to play some pop songs on the piano and he is teaching me to play the drums and sing. He even creates custom tracks   for me to help me perform my best!
-- Samantha, age 11, California, USA
My dad encourages me to do my best in school so I can achieve my dream of being an animal doctor someday. He also encourages me to try new things and do sports. We often go camping, rock climb, hike, and ride bikes. I love that my dad likes to go on adventures   with me!
-- Isabella, age 10, Nevada, USA
My dad is funny, and he has given me a good sense of humor  , too. He teaches me to make the best of a situation, even if it's difficult or scary. He also tells me that laughter is the best thing to make me feel better. [: _ Z _ X _ X _ K]
-- Lila, age 12, California, USA
My dad has taught me never to give up, no matter how hard things get. He helps me realize that even if I don't get a perfect mark on a test or something, it is not the end of the world. He has taught me that I can learn from my mistakes and work harder the next time.
-- Jane, age 11, British Columbia, Canada
.
The question is: Which of the following is TRUE according to the material?
The possible answers are:
A:The four children are of the same age.
B:Samantha and Jane are from the same country.
C:The four children learn a lot from their fathers.
D:Isabella thinks that laughter is the best thing to make a person feel better.Two good friends, Sam and Jason, met with a car accident on their way home one snowy night. The next morning, Sam woke up blind. His legs were broken. The doctor, Mr Lee, was standing by his bed, looking at him worriedly. When he saw Sam awake, he asked, "How are you feeling, Sam?" Sam smiled and said, "Not bad, Doctor. Thank you very much for doing the special operation ." Mr Lee was moved by Sam. When he was leaving, Sam said, "Please don't tell Jason about it." "Well...Well...OK," Mr Lee replied.
Months later when Jason's wounds healed , Sam was still very sick. He couldn't see or walk. He could do nothing but stay in his wheelchair all day long. At first, Jason stayed with him for a few days. But days later, Jason thought it boring to spend time with a disabled man like Sam. So he went to see Sam less and less. He made new friends. From then on, he didn't go to visit Sam any more. Sam didn't have any family or friends except Jason. He felt very sad.
Things went from bad to worse. Sam died a year later. When Jason came, Mr Lee gave him a letter from Sam. In the letter Sam said, "Dear Jason, I am disabled. But I want you to be a healthy man. So I gave my eyes to you so that you can enjoy life as a healthy man. Now you have new friends. I'm glad to see that you are as healthy and happy as usual. I'm glad you live a happy life. You are always my best friend... Sam". When he finished reading the letter, Mr Lee said, "I have promised that I will keep this a secret until Sam is gone. Now you know it."
Jason stood there like a stone. Tears ran down his face.
The question is: After we finish reading Sam's letter, we can infer  that   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:Sam caused the car accident
B:Sam's operation was not successful
C:Jason was made blind in the car accident
D:Jason knew how Sam helped him before Sam diedEvery year, we celebrate many special days-Mother's Day, Father's Day, and New Year's Day. In some countries, there is a special day for playing tricks on others. In North America and parts of Europe, this day is known as April Fool's Day, and is celebrated on April 1.
Many people believe that the French started April Fool's Day. Centuries ago, New Year's Day in Europe was April 1. In 1582, the calendar changed and King Charles IX of France moved it to January 1.
Some people did not like this, and chose to keep April 1 as New Year's Day. Many called these people 'April fools' and played jokes and tricks on them. Over time, April 1 became a day to have fun in France. It then spread to England and Scotland, and later, to North America.
On April Fool's Day, jokes are common. In the United States, for example, a person may move a friend's clock ahead one hour, or change the sugar and salt. In Scotland, April Fool's Day lasts for two days. The second day is called 'Taily Day'-for one's 'tail'. On this day, people might secretly put a sign saying 'kick me' on a person's back or behind. Other countries have their own 'Fool's Day'. In Spain and Mexico, people play tricks on each other on December 28. In India, it happens on March 31.
In many countries around the world, April 1 is a day of fun. Jokes bring about a lot of laughter, and many shouts of 'April Fool'!
The question is: It is said that people first celebrated 'Fool's Day' in  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:the United States
B:France
C:Scotland
D:SpainIn the very early 1800's, a young boy about 14 years old named John lived in a orphanage  in Old England along with several other children. Orphan meant unwanted and unloved.
Christmas was the one day of the year when the children didn't work and received a gift, an orange. Usually they tried to taste and keep it for so long that it often went bad before they ever peeled it to enjoy the sweet juice. Many thoughts were expressed as Christmas time drew near. The children would say, "I will keep mine the longest." John usually slept with his next to his pillow. This year John was overjoyed by the Christmas season. He was becoming a man and stronger and soon he would be old enough to leave. He would save his orange until his birthday in July.
Christmas day finally came. The children were so excited as they entered the big dinning hall. Immediately the master shouted, "John, leave the hall and there will be no orange for you this year." John's heart broke violently wide open. He turned and went quickly back to the cold room. Then he heard the door open and each of the children entered. Little Elizabeth with her hair falling over her shoulders, a smile on her face, and tears in her eyes held out a piece of rag to John. "Here John," she said, "this is for you." As he lifted back the edges of the rag he saw a big juicy orange all peeled and quartered  and then he realized what they had done.
John never forgot the sharing, love and personal sacrifice  his friends had shown him that Christmas day. In memory of that day every year he would send oranges all over the world to children everywhere.
The question is: What can be inferred from the text?
The possible answers are:
A:John had expected he wouldn't get the gift this year.
B:John knew why he didn't get the gift this year.
C:John felt ashamed for not getting the special gift.
D:The story teaches us to learn to share with others.When your dream is to become a footballer, nothing should get in your way--even if you have no feet.
Gabriel Muniz, an 11-year-old Brazil kid, was born without feet. Although his family thought he would have serious difficulties living a normal life, he started walking before he was one year old. His mother would go after him, expecting him to keep falling, but he never fell. It took him a while to make the jump from walking to playing football, but he did make it. And, in fact, there's nothing he loves more than playing football. In his school, the skillful youngster  is not only the best player in his school team but also the captain of his gym team.
He knows that his disability means he'll never be able to play for a professional  football team. So Gabriel is hoping that football will one day become a Paralympics   sport. He proved to everyone there he could go head to head with any other boy. Watching him play is unbelievable. He's fast and he's got a big bag of tricks--he's very skilled and he does everything he can to copy his hero, Messi so much that he is invited to go to Spain to meet his hero Messi and show his talent in the Barcelona Football Club.
His coach says he is proving the disability only exists  inside our heads and he is challenging  the social
.
The question is: What is the best title of the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:the Power of the Dream
B:The Most Popular Sports
C:A Disability Boy and His Hero
D:Practice Makes PerfectRocky Hurt and Ethan Wilson were playing football in their front yard in Marietta. Suddenly a woman they had never met ran out of her house shouting to them to call an ambulance. That woman was Susanna Rohm. Her 12-week-old baby seemed to stop breathing. She was so scared that she couldn't find her cell phone. so she had decided to rush outside to ask for help.
After getting their parents to make the call, the two boys followed their mother to see if they could do anything to help. And help they did! As Susanna was trying to do CPR  on her baby. Young Rocky came in and told her she was doing it all wrong. Instead he asked her to use two fingers, push on the chest 5-10 times. tilt( ) the baby's head. plug  the nose and then do a mouth-to-mouth resuscitation ( ) by breathing into the baby's mouth.
Luckily for him and the baby. Susanna accepted his advice for even a second and came a loud cry from the baby. Soon the doctors came and the baby was sent to hospital.
The most amazing part of this story is that neither boy has attended a CPR class. Instead. They learned it all by carefully reading the posters on the walk of their school hall. And, while they are now being called as heroes and even interviewed on national television .neither really cares. They are just glad to have saved the baby's life! "Thanks to the posters on the walls, they could save the kid! "Their teacher said to the reporter proudly.
The question is: What did Susanna ask Rocky and Ethan to do in a hurry?
The possible answers are:
A:Call an ambulance for her baby.
B:Take care of her baby al home.
C:Help her to find her cell phone.
D:Play football in from of her house.Yao Ming was born in China in 1980. In his last season with the Shanghai Sharks, he scored 32.4 points per game. Now the big man from China is helping the Houston Rockets in the NBA. He is the son of two great basketball players and learnt how to play basketball when he was young. Now, as one of the stars in the NBA, he is working hard to make his dream come true and show the world that Chinese basketball players love this game too!
Pele was a football player that everyone knew. He was born in Brazil in 1940. He started playing for Santos when he was only 16 and he didn't retire(v)until 1977. He played for Brazil 111 timesand he scored 97 internationalgoals. Pele came from a poor family. He started playing football in thestreet, like many people around the world do. He was soon picked to play for Santos and quickly became an international person.
Steffi Graf was born in Germany in 1969. She won the tennis semi-final(n)at Wimbledon in 1985 when she was only 16, but she lost the final to another great tennis player, Martina Navratilova. People were surprised by the strength and power of her game. She soon became a famous tennis player and she has won most of the main matches several times.
The question is: Which of the following is NOT true?   _
The possible answers are:
A:Yao Ming is on the Houston Rockets now.
B:Pele became famous soon after he was picked to play for Santos.
C:Steffi Graf was a famous tennis player.
D:Martina Navratilova lost the tennis final at Wimbledon in 1985.Look at the clothes line   in the twins' bedroom. There are some clothes on it. You can see a green blouse, a yellow skirt and a pair of trousers. The trousers on the clothes line are black. They are not new but clean. Are they Lily's clothes? No, they are Lucy's. Lily's clothes are on a clothes tree    near the window. Her trousers are brown. Her blouse is white and her skirt is blue. There is a new hat on the clothes tree, but it's not Lily's, it's Lucy's. Lucy's jacket s  are on her bed.  There are no clothes on Lily's bed.
The question is: Are there any clothes on Lily's bed?
The possible answers are:
A:Yes, there is a hat on it.
B:Yes, there is a jacketon it.
C:No, there aren't..
D:Sorry, I don't know.How should one invest a sum of money in these clays of inflation  ? Left in a bank it will hardly keep its value, however high the interest rate. Only a brave man, or a very rich one, dares to buy and sell on the Stock Market. Today it seems that one of the best ways to protect your savings, and even increase your wealth is to buy beautiful objects from the past. Here I am going to offer some advice on collecting antique clocks, which I personally consider are among the most interesting of antiques.
I sometimes wonder what a being from another planet might report back about our way of life. "The planet Earth is ruled by a mysterious creature that sits or stands in a room and makes a strange ticking sound. It has a face with twelve black marks and two hands. Men can do nothing without its permission, and it fastens its young round people's wrists so that everywhere men go they are still under its control. This creature is the real master of Earth and men are its slaves ."
Whether or not we are slaves of time today depends on our culture and personality, but it is believed that many years ago kings kept special slaves to tell the time. Certain men were very clever at measuring  the time of clay according to the beating of their own hearts. They were made to stand in a fixed place and every hour or so would shout tire time. So it seems that the first clocks were human beings.
However, men quickly found more convenient and reliable  ways of telling the time. They learned to use the shadows cast by the sun. They marked the hours on candles, used sand in hour- glasses, and invented water-clocks. Indeed, any serious student of antique should spend as much time as possible visiting palaces, stately homes and museums to see some of the finest examples of clocks from the past.
Antique clocks could be very expensive, but one of the joys of collecting clocks is that it is still possible to find quite cheap ones for your own home. After all, if you are going to be ruled by time, why not invest in air antique clock and perhaps make a future profit ?
The question is: According to the passage, collecting antique clocks  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:can hardly keep the value of your savings
B:will cost much of your savings
C:may increase your wealth
D:needs your braveryIf you don't often wash your hands, you can touch lots of viruses from many places and make yourself ill. You may have a cold when you touch your eyes, nose or mouth. One of the most common  ways people have colds is by touching their noses or their eyes when there are cold viruses on their hands. If you don't often wash your hands, especially when you're sick, you may make other people ill. So you should follow the advice and wash your hands:
* After using the bathroom.
* After touching your nose or coughing.
* Before eating, serving or preparing food.
* After touching pets or other animals.
* After visiting the sick people.
* When your hands are dirty.
There's a right way to wash your hands. Follow these advice and you can keep your hands clean.
* Use warm water (not cold or hot).
* Wash for 15 seconds .
* Wash well under warm running water.
The question is: If you don't often clean your hands, you may   _   easily.
The possible answers are:
A:have a stomachache
B:have a cold
C:have a toothache
D:have a backachePlants are very important. This is because plants can make food from air, water and sunlight. Animals and man cannot make food from air, water and sunlight. Animals can get their food by eating plants and other animals. Man gets his food by eating plants and animals, too. So animals and man need plants to live. This is why there are so many plants around us.
There are two kinds of plants: flowering plants and non-flowering  plants. Almost all the trees around us are flowers and fruit. Non-flowering plants don't grow flowers. You can't see many non-flowering plants around you.
If you look carefully at the plants around you, you'll find that there are many kinds of plants. Some plants are very big and some very small. Most of them are green. We can live on the earth because of the plants around us.
The question is: Which of the following is the most important according to the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:Man.
B:Plants.
C:Animals.
D:Air, water, and sunlight.One day Mrs Wilson took Trudy and Ben to go shopping. They went to the supermarket in the new shopping mall . "Why do you buy things here, Mum?" Trudy asked.  "Because they are cheaper than those at the corner store," Mrs Wilson said. "Help me check  the prices." The Wilsons were not wealthy  and Mrs Wilson was always careful with her money. She looked carefully at the prices of things. She bought some groceries  in the supermarket. When they got home, the children said, "We don't think you saved  money by going to the supermarket there." "Of course I did," said Mrs Wilson, "everything was cheap there." "We know," said the children, "but we came home by taxi  because we had too much to carry. The cost  of the taxi was more than the money you saved!" Mrs Wilson added  everything up and found her children were right. "Well done,"she said, "next time we will do shopping near our home."
The question is: Mrs Wilson bought things in the supermarket in the new shopping mall because   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:goods there had good quality
B:there were many goods
C:goods  there were cheap
D:goods there were expensiveI was driving home on a very hot afternoon and about to near a crossing . One of the major traffic light had gone out , and a police officer was standing in the middle of around twenty lanes of very busy traffic . The fact was that he had no hat or shade to shield him from the burning sun but , he was upbeat and doing a fabulous job .
I saw a drugstore on the comer , and while I was there , I wanted so badly to get some water for the officer ! I had some hesitation , though , as it was a little out of my comfort zone to communicate with a stranger in this way .
I discussed , struggled , left , drove part-way home , turned around , went back to the drugstore , got water , and then found myself thinking about how to hand it to him in the busy crossing . I knew that he might not be able to take it - he wouldn't have hands to hold it since he was busy making motions to direct the traffic - but I had to try .
I drove into the crossing , rolled down my windows as I passed the officer , and gave him the bottle of water . Though he wasn't able to take the bottle , he broke into a smile and said , " Thank you . "
I drove home , feeling better for having persisted . And I was even inspired to call the station that afternoon to make sure they knew what a great job he did that day . It felt good to spread the positivity , and it was the least I could do .
The question is: Why did the police officer direct the traffic in this heat ?
The possible answers are:
A:Because there was too much traffic .
B:Because one of the major traffic light didn't work .
C:Because a serious traffic accident happened .
D:Because he wanted to stop drunk driving .I was walking down the street the other day when I suddenly saw a small wallet lying on the ground. I picked it up and opened to see if I could find the owner's name. There was nothing inside it except some money and an old photo of a woman and a young girl about twelve years old. The girl looked like the woman's daughter. I put the photo back and took the wallet to the police station. There I gave it to a policeman. Before I left, the policeman took down my name and address so that the owner could write and thank me if they found it.
That evening I went for dinner with my aunt and uncle. They also asked a young woman, so there were four people at table. Her face seemed familiar . I was quite sure that we had met before, but I could not remember where I had seen her. During the talking, the young woman said that she had lost her wallet that afternoon. At once I knew where I had seen her. She was just the young girl in the photo though she was now much older. She was very surprised, of course, when I was able to tell her what her wallet was like.
My uncle said that we should go to the police station at once to get the wallet. As that policeman handed it over, he said it was an interesting coincidence  ----I not only found the wallet, but also made friends with the person who had lost it.
The question is: The policeman wrote down my name and address because   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:he wanted to write a report to the newspaper.
B:he would let the owner of the wallet know who helped him.
C:he wanted the owner to give me some money for thanks.
D:he did so just that was his job.Three friends, Tom, David and John, came to New York for their holiday. They stayed in a very large hotel. Their room was on the 45thfloor.
In the evening, the three men went to the cinema and came back to the hotel very late.
"I'm very sorry," said the man of the hotel, "but our lifts  do not work tonight. If you don't want to walk up to your room, I'll make beds for you in the hall . "
"No, thanks," said Tom, "we don't want to sleep in the hall. We will walk up to the 45thfloor. But I know how to make it easier. On the way to our room, I'll tell you some jokes. Then you, David, will sing us some songs. Then you, John, will tell us some stories, all right?"
So they began to walk upstairs. Tom told them many jokes. David sang them some songs. At last they came to the 34thfloor. They were tired and had a rest.
"Well," said Tom. "Now it's your turn, John. After all these jokes and songs, tell us a long and interesting story with a sad ending. "
"OK, I'll tell a sad story," said John, "It's not long but very sad. I forgot to bring the key to our room with me. It's still in the hall. "
The question is: The three friends came to New York to  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:sing songs
B:tell jokes
C:spend their holiday
D:find workA boy who was cleaning shoes in the street said to a young man passing by, "Let me clean your shoes." The young man said, "No, thank you." "You may pay me only a pound, sir," said the boy. But the young man refused  again. Then the boy told him that he would clean his shoes for nothing. The young man agreed to this, and soon one of his shoes was shining brightly. The man put the other shoe on the boy, but the boy refused to clean it unless  he was paid two pounds for his work. The young man refused to pay anything and went away. But the dirty one looked so bad that he couldn't walk away. He had to turn back and gave the boy two pounds. In a very short time his shoes shone brightly.
The question is: The boy refused to clean the second shoe, because   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:it was very dirty
B:the young man paid only one pound
C:it was difficult to clean
D:he asked to be paid two poundsThere are seven days in a week. They are Sunday, Monday, Tuesday,Wednesday, Thursday, Friday and Saturday. Most  children go toschool from Monday to Friday. Most people don't work on Saturday orSunday and most shops are closed in England on Saturday and Sunday.
But in China shops are open every day. Sunday is always a holiday.Some people go to church  on that day. The time between Fridayevening and Monday morning is the weekend. It is time for rest. Wedon't work all the time. We have to rest from time to time. We rest overthe weekend.
The question is: We have   _   on the weekend.
The possible answers are:
A:to work
B:a good rest
C:lessons
D:timeA hare was very popular with the other animals who all said they were her friends. But one day she heard the hounds  getting close and hoped to escape them with the help of her many friends. So, she went to the horse, and asked him to carry her away from the hounds on his back. But he refused, because he had important work to do for his master. He felt sure that all her other friends would come to help her.
She then came to the bull, and hoped that he would _ the hounds with his horns .The bull replied," I am very sorry, but I have an appointment with a lady; but I feel sure that our friend , the goat, will do what you want." The goat, however, feared that his back might do her some harm if he took her upon it, The sheep, she felt sure, was the proper friend to ask for help.
So she went to the sheep and told him the situation. The sheep replied, "Another time , my dear friend. I do not like to have anything to do with it , as hounds have been known for eating sheep as well as hares."
The hare then went, as a last hope, to the calf ,who regretted that be was unable to help her , as did not like to take the responsibility upon himself. By this time the hounds were quite near, and the hare started to run and luckily escaped.
The question is: What does the story want to tell us?
The possible answers are:
A:Don't judge a book by its cover .
B:One's mind works fast in time of danger.
C:Sometimes enemies can become good friends.
D:Having too many friends means no friends sometimes.One billion teenagers and young adults around the world are in the face of losing their hearing by listening to loud music. This is according to the World Health Organization.
Few things can make people happy and full of energy like good music. Many people believe louder is better if you are listening to rock and roll. But if you really listen to the music loudly, even really good music, it can hurt your hearing badly.
If a person takes a subway to go from one place to the other for half an hour in the morning and a half an hour in the evening, and every day has to _ on his audio device because there is so much of noise of the train and everything around, and is listening to for one hour every day, his hearing is going to be hurt seriously in a few years, in a couple of years time, for sure.
There can be many kinds of unsafe levels of sound. It depends on how loud the sound is and how long you listen to it. Unsafe can mean noise levels of 85 decibels for eight hours a day or 100 decibels for just 15 minutes.
There are simple ways to protect people from unsafe sound levels. Young people who wear earplugs during concerts can enjoy music at 90 decibels as much as they can at 110 decibels. But earplugs may not look very cool. The fact that earplugs may look un-cool may be true today, but if there is nothing wrong with your hearing in the future may be true and wearing earplugs may actually be cool.
Another common suggestion is to turn down the volume on your personal audio devices. The World Health Organization also advises young people to limit their use of such devices to less than one hour a day.
Besides, the World Health Organization reminds people to use technology, such as smart audio devices keep listening levels safe.
The question is: The levels of sound is safe or not depends on   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:what kind of music is and where you listen to it
B:how loud the sound is and how long you listen to it
C:how clear the sound is and how often you listen to it
D:how much the audio device is and how long you keep itMrs. Brown's old grandfather lived with her and her husband. Every morning he went for a walk in the park and came home at half past twelve for his lunch .
But one morning a police car stopped outside Mrs. Brown's house at twelve o'clock, and two policemen helped Mrs. Brown to get out . One of them said to Mrs. Brown . " The poor old man lost his way in the park and phoned to us for help , so we sent a car to bring him home . " Mrs. Brown was very surprised , but she thanked the policemen and they left .
" But , grandfather , "she then said " you have been to that park nearly every day for twenty years . How did you lose your way there ?"
The old man smiled , closed one eye and said , " I didn't quite lose my way , I just got tired and I didn't want to walk home !"
,.
The question is: The old man had been to the park every day for   _   .
The possible answers are:
A:twelve years
B:twenty weeks
C:twelve months
D:twenty yearsDear Emma,
Thanks for the photo of your family. Here is a photo of my bedroom.
Look at the photo. A bed, a desk, a chair, a bookcase and a computer are in my bedroom. My bed is near the window . The desk is beside  the bed and it's orange. The chair is near the desk. The bookcase is behind  the desk and it's black. An English dictionary and a Chinese dictionary are in the bookcase. My math, English and Chinese books and the computer are on the desk. My pencil box is on the desk, too. My pens and rulers are in the pencil box. My schoolbag is on the chair. My brother's white baseball and my sister's computer game are under my bed, but you can't see the baseball in the photo.
Yours,
Jack
The question is: You can't see   _   in the photo.
The possible answers are:
A:the math book
B:the baseball
C:the English dictionary
D:the computerDianna was born in a rich family on July 1st,1961. On July 29, 1981, Diana married Prince Charles. Later she gave birth to Prince William and Prince Harry.
Dianna enjoyed taking part in  international Charities . One day in July 1991, she went to a hospital to see AIDS patients with Barbara Bush, the wife of the president of the United States at the time. Princess Diana talked to an AIDS patient who was unable to stand up. She even hugged  him and encouraged him to fight against the illness . The patient was very _ and said, "AIDS patients do need warm hugs." Of course, she made it. Unfortunately, she died in August 1997. British Prime Minister, Tony Blair said in his speech that Diana was the People's Princess.
After her death, people set up a fund to remember Diana and help those who need help.
The question is: What was the aim of setting up the fund?
The possible answers are:
A:To help people who need help
B:To collect money for AIDS patients.
C:To provide many houses for patients.
D:To make Diana more beautiful and famous.Paul is my pen friend.He is from Landon,England.He speaks good English.He is now in Shanghai with his parents,because they work in Shanghai.Paul can speak a little Chinese! There are five people in his family,his parents,his two sisters and he.His sisters aren't in China.They are in England now. He likes singing and dancing very much.His favorite subject is music.He likes going to the movies on weekends:He thinks it is fun.I think he is a nice boy.
The question is: Paul is Sam's  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:brother
B:cousin
C:pen friend
D:teacherHelp wanted
Can you spend two hours a week doing some gardening? We are in need of help from 2 pm to 4 pm every Saturday. If you word like to help out, please call Elaine at 4435--7792
A Telephone Message
From:Jessica             To:Lucas
Date: May5             Time:15:00
Message: She says that you must put on
Your sports shoes, cap and sunglasses; bring
Somefood and drinks at the school gate at 8 am tomorrow.
Tel: 8467-6352.          Taken by:Jim
Found
Feb13,2016/6/30
An ipad was found in the library on the morning of Feb12. Please call 3345--67898 or come to Class 2, Grade 8 to get it.
Lost
March 7, 2016
Lost near Man Street. Puppy is 6 months old. He is a black schnauzer  .  He is very important to me.
Reward . Please call Allen at 8956--7778.
The question is: If you are interested in a part-time job, you can call   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:4435-7792
B:8467-6352
C:3345-6789
D:8956-7778Jim, a young farmer, was once put into prison .
One day, he got aletter from his mother. "I'm so worried about our farm,"she wrote. "It'stime to plant potatoes. I can't dig  all the fields by myself.
Jim read the letter and became sad. "What can I do?" he thought. Then he had a good idea. He wrote to his mother, "Don't dig the fields, there's a pot  of money in the earth. Don't plant potatoes until I come home. "
Some days later, Jim got another letter from his mother. It said, "Two days ago, about ten men came to our farm and dug all our fields. I can't understand it. It looks as if they were looking for something. What shall I do?"
Jim smiled when he read his mother's letter. He wrote a letter to his mother at once. It was very short. Guess what it would say?
The question is: In the letter to his mother, Jim told his mother not to  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:dig the fields
B:dig the pot of money
C:ask others for help
D:go to the prison to see himIt seems more and more Americans want schools to teach foreign languages to children younger than five years old.The most popular way to teach these young children another language is called immersion  .
Children in immersion programs hear only the new language in the classroom.The children play games, sing songs and talk to one another in the new languages, some experts   say immersion programs are the most effective   way for young children to learn a language.But there can be a problem when children in the United States begin to learn another language at such an early age.Not many elementary schools continue to teach a foreign language.Only seven of the fifty states require   schools to teach a foreign language to students between the ages of six and twelve.Language experts say it is easier for younger children to learn a language.Still, American schools generally do not begin to teach foreign languages until secondary schools.By then, students are about thirteen years old.
American schools face difficult choices about the cost of educational programs.The government has increased support for foreign language study in its education law called No Child Left Behind.
At the college, the Modern Language Association says more students than ever are studying foreign languages and more languages are being studied now than in the past.Spanish is the most widely   taught in American colleges and universities.French, German, Chinese and Italian are also popular.
The question is: Students in immersion programs can do the following things EXCEPT   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:talking to one another in the new language
B:hearing their native language
C:playing games in the new language
D:hearing the new languageAre you able to send a letter with pictures and sounds to someone, anywhere in the world without putting a stamp on it? With an e-mail you can just do that. Using computers you can send e-mails quickly and easily. The post is much slower than email. E-mail can send its messages to the other side of the world in seconds.
E-mail is easy to use and it saves time and money. The different time and different parts of the world do not matter when you send an e-mail. It does not matter if your friends are in bed when you send an e-mail to them, or you are seeing a film at the cinema when they send an e-mail back.
The question is: How long does it take to send an e-mail?
The possible answers are:
A:Within seconds.
B:More than one hour.
C:A few days.
D:It depends on the distance.Are you the only child in the family? If so, you are the most important in your family.
Parents are the closest people to you in the world. But a lot of middle school students have a problem. They feel they are not as close to their parents as before. They even don't think their parents are fair   to them.
Some students complain that their parents often say a lot to them, but never listen to them. Some say their parents don't allow them to play computer games when other people are doing it. Others say when they are making phone calls to friends, their parents like to ask if they're speaking to a boy or a girl. These make them very unhappy. Some students even decided to leave home because they're afraid to tell their parents when they have done something wrong, particularly  when they do badly in exams. Then they usually think running away is the only choice . But they don't know running away may bring them some more problems. Problems are parts of life. Here are some suggestions for you to solve your problems.
*Find a good chance to talk with your parents. Don't be afraid to tell them your feeling.
*Keep a diary to help you understand more about yourself and your feeling.
*Get help from others like good friends or teachers.
*Show your parents you are growing up. Then they will feel you are no longer a small child.
If you follow the advice, you will have a happy life and never think of running away.2*1*c*n*j*y
The question is: Which of the following is TRUE?
The possible answers are:
A:Parents don't love their children now.
B:Some students don't think their parents are fair to them
C:Middle School students don't have any problems.
D:Parents often ask their children to play computer games.Scientists will put some robot fish into the sea near Spain this year. These robot fish will help people find out the pollution in the water. If the robot fish are able to finish their work successfully, the team of scientists hopes the fish will be used in rivers, lakes and seas around the world.
The robot fish are about 1.5 meters long. There is a detector  in their bodies. It can find the pollution in the water, and then the robot fish will eat part of it.
They can "swim" for eight hours in the sea freely and send back information to people on the beach. After their energy runs down, they will go back to the beach by themselves.
There are five robot fish altogether. Each costs about 29,000 dollars. They are part of a three-year project between engineering company BMT Group and Essex University in southeastern England.
,. (2,10)
The question is: How long can the robot fish work each time?
The possible answers are:
A:For five hours.
B:for eight hours.
C:For twelve hours
D:For one day.Hello! I'm Lily. I'm going to have a busy weekend. On Saturday morning, I 'm going to the Beach Park with my friends. We are going to ride bikes there because we can do some sightseeing on the way. We are going to play on the beach. At noon, we are going to have a picnic in the park. In the afternoon, we are going to visit our maths teacher. She wants us to go to her room and help us with our maths. In the evening, I'm going to visit my aunt with my mother, because it's my cousin's birthday. There is going to be a party in her house. On Sunday morning, I'm going to the bookstore with my good friends. I'm going to buy some storybooks. After lunch, I'm going to do sports with my brother. In the evening, I'm going to watch TV and clean my room. How busy I am!
,,.
The question is: Why is Lily going to her aunt's house? Because   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:her mother is going there
B:she wants to learn maths from her cousin
C:it's her cousin's birthday
D:it's her aunt's birthdayKatie was in big trouble.She was such a sweet kid; a third-grade teacher always dreamed of having a classroom filled with Katies, she was never ever a discipline  problem. I just couldn't imagine why she had made her parents so angry.
It seemed that Katie had been spending money in the lunchroom. Her parents explained that Katie brought a great homemade lunch each day, and there was no reason for her to buy school lunch. They wondered why but failed.So they asked me to help them get to the bottom of this situation.
The next day, I asked Katie to my office. "Why are you buying lunches, Katie? What happened to your homemade lunch?" I asked. "I lose it," she replied. "I don't believe you, Katie. Is someone stealing your lunch, Katie?"  I asked. "No. I just lose it," she said.Well, there was nothing else I could do.
The problem was still unsolved the next week when I noticed a boy who was new to the school sitting alone at a lunch table. He always looked sad and scared. I thought I would go and sit with him for a while. As I walked towards him, I noticed the lunch bag on the table. The name on the bag said "Katie".
Now I understood and I talked to Katie. It seemed that the new boy never brought a lunch, and he wouldn't go to the lunch line for a free lunch. He had told Katie his secret and asked her not to tell anyone that his parents wanted him to get a free lunch at school. Katie asked me not to tell her parents, but I drove to her house that evening after I was sure that she was in bed. I had never seen parents so proud of their child.
Katie still buys lunch every day at school. And every day, as she heads out of the door, her  mom hands her a delicious homemade lunch.
The question is: Why did Katie eat school lunch instead of her homemade lunch every day?
The possible answers are:
A:She lost her homemade lunch.
B:She had her homemade lunch stolen.
C:She didn't like the taste of her homemade lunch.
D:She gave her homemade lunch to a hungry boy.Emily and Alex were happy when their family moved to a house with a very big garden. They could climb up trees, grow flowers and even play badminton. They liked to watch the birds flying among the trees in the garden. They even started to put food out to attract more birds.
Everything was fine for a few days until one afternoon there was a strange bumping noise on a window. Emily went outside and found a small bird dead on the grass. Its neck seemed to be broken.
"It must have flown into the window," Alex said when his sister Emily called him to have a look. "Ah, yes, look here. You can see the mark where it hit the window. There are a couple of tiny feathers stuck  on the window."
"Poor thing!" Emily said.
During the next month, five more birds died in the same way. "Why would they fly to the windows?" they wondered. Finally they found out the truth. When the birds were flying, they couldn't see into the rooms. All they saw was the reflection  of the garden. They thought that they were flying into trees because they saw trees reflected by the window.
"Something has to be done to save the birds." the parents decided.
At first, he family tried keeping curtains across the windows, but this made the room dark. Then they bought some strong black paper and cut out the shape of a _ . They made six hawks - one for each window. They stuck the hawks to the windows. They looked pretty and did not keep out much light. When the birds saw the hawks, they would fly away.
After that, there were no more dead birds. The family were much happier.
The question is: The birds flew to the windows because they  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:found the windows very clean
B:fought for more food
C:thought there were more trees ahead
D:wanted to go into the roomAre you a creative person? You may answer, 'No, but I really want to be.' In fact, everyone has creativity. Some realize it, but others don't.
Creative people never follow others blindly. They are good at watching and thinking. They have sharp eyes like a hunter. Moreover, creative people can get useful information from others' findings.
Besides, creative people should have _ like a camel. On their long way to success, they have to say goodbye to leisure ( ). They must overcome difficulties and persist without complaint.
Creative people are adventurers   and explorers. They use their creativity to make miracles   one after another.
Of course, you are creative boys and girls. You have unlimited   creativity. Believe in yourselves. You can also create miracles.
The question is: Everyone has   _   according to the passage.
The possible answers are:
A:talent
B:gift
C:creativity
D:abilityAs a girl, I've spent a great deal of my time on earth concerned about my weight. So I do know something about exercise. Let me tell you about the calorie-burning activities I've tried or will try.
Salsa  
I try to maintain my weight through dancing. Dancing improves my coordination and sense of rhythm in addition to burning calories. I'm personally interested in salsa, which I find sexy and expressive . But I have not yet to start classes, because classes are very expensive, and I cannot find a dance partner.
Ping-Pong
Ping-pong is the national sport of China, so how could I know nothing about it?
My father is a ping-pong fan, and a really good player. He's won several informal   matches. My relationship with ping-pong has always been on-and-off. I'll get into it for a while, and then lose interest. The reason is because I can't find a good partner. Some stronger can depress you, while someone weaker (or just as weak) can make the game boring.
Tae Kwon Do  
I've recently decided to try tae kwon do as my regular exercise activity. There's a story behind this choice: A few weeks ago, I was sitting on a bus, concentrating on a book. Suddenly, the bus became very quiet except for the sound of a woman's crying. I looked up to see what had happened and overheard whispers that she had just quarreled with a man, and the man slapped  her face. No one on the bus dared say anything because the man looked really strong. Even now I feel ashamed I was among the silent.
That's why I've made up my mind to learn something that will help me protect others and myself.
The question is: Why doesn't the girl want to go to learn salsa?
The possible answers are:
A:The dance is too difficult to learn.
B:Nobody wants to dance with her.
C:She has no time to join the classes.
D:She finds it sexy and expressive.A father was sitting at his desk and looking at his bills when his little son rushed in and said, "Dad, because today is your birthday and you're 40 years old, I'm going to give you 40 kisses, one for each year!" When the boy started kissing, the father shouted, "Oh, Andrew, don't do it now. I'm too busy!"
The boy soon became silent as tears  fell down from his big blue eyes. Feeling sorry, the father said, "You can finish the kisses later ."
The boy said nothing but quietly walked away. That evening the father said, "Come and finish the kisses now, Andrew!" But the boy didn't.
Unluckily, a few days later, the boy had an accident and died. His sad father wrote,"If only I could tell him how sorry I am for my thoughtless words and how much my heart is hurt."
Love is a two-way street. We must warmly accept any loving acts, or others will take it as a "No" and it may leave a scar . If we don't have love, our life will lose its true meaning.
If we are too busy to give and receive love, we are too silly! Nothing is more important than loving the people who are important to us.
The question is: Which of the following is NOT true?
The possible answers are:
A:Andrew's father was busy looking at his bills on his birthday.
B:Andrew was killed in an accident on his father's birthday.
C:Andrew's father asked him to give him the kisses later.
D:Andrew's father felt sorry after the accident happened.Today we tell about Louisa May Alcott. She wrote
.
In 1868, an American publisher asked Louisa May Alcott to write a book for girls. At first, she was not sure if she wanted to do it. She said she didn't like girls.
However, she decided to write the book finally. She told about her experiences growing up in the northeast of the United States. The book was quite interesting.
became one of the most popular children's books in American literature. It was published  in more than 50 languages.
Alcott was born in Pennsylvania in 1832. The Alcotts did not have much money. She tried teaching, sewing  and taking care of children. She did not like any of these jobs.
At the age of 16, she wrote her first book,
. Her stories were exciting, but unreal. She sold them to newspapers and magazines for money.
The first volume   of
came out in 1868. It made Alcott famous and get a lot of money. She continued writing other popular books for young people. These books included
,
and
.
Alcott wrote many exciting stories about love. But she was single   all her life. She continued to help her family during the last years of her life.
The question is: From the article, we can learn    _   .
The possible answers are:
A:Alcott was born into a rich family
B:Alcott had a happy childhood
C:Alcott didn't live with her family
D:Alcott never married all her lifeIf babies are given more love and feelings by their mothers, they will deal better with stress and anxiety when they grow up , research has shown.
The study of eight-month-old children shows even the very earliest life experiences can influence our happiness.
Lots of mother love makes children form a safe bond with their mothers , so they are able to feel safe in relationships when they grow up ,and they will have better social skills and deal with life's difficulties.
The researchers,  led by Dr.Joanna Maselko of Duke University in North Carolina,  studied the relationships of 482 eight--month - old  babies with their mothers during daily development.
They studied how well the mother had dealt with her child's developmental text and how she had responded child's performance.Mental health was then assessed when the babies had grown up - at the average of 34.
The more feelings and attention a mother gave to her child, the better her child would be. This kind of child had the lowest levels of anxiety, hostility and general difficulties.
The question is: The research studied children who are   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:8 - month - old
B:8- day - old
C:8 - year - old
D:18 - month - oldReport Card   London Woodland School
Name: Alan     Class: 5        Grade: 8
Grade teacher:   Mr Jim Green
English:        Good work this term. He has a good memory and is good at speaking.  A
Maths:         Good. But sometimes he is careless.                              B
History:        He knows a lot about British history, but little about other countries.    B
Geography:     He is a clever student but sometimes doesn't do his best.            C
Home Economics:  Good. He likes it best. He can do things for himself.              A
The question is: Alan does well in   _  .            .
The possible answers are:
A:English and Home Economics
B:English and Geography
C:Maths and Geography
D:History and GeographyThe planets aren't the only wanderers  of the sky. There're some things even farther and longer. Long after people were no longer afraid of planets, they still thought the comets  were bad objects that traveled in the sky. They were afraid that the comets would suddenly land on the earth and hurt them.
But, in fact, even if a comet did hit the earth, nothing much happened. A comet is really a harmless  thing.
Comets have round heads and long tails , and they are very bright. Sometimes they look like heads with long hair flying with them. That's why they're called comets. Comet means long-haired.
Like the stars and planets, comets are far away. But we can know its size. The head of a small comet is as wide as the Pacific Ocean. And a big comet's head is ten times as big as the earth. Its tail is millions of kilometers long. Then why wouldn't the great big thing hurt us if it hit the earth? Because it isn't solid. It's thin like cloud. Its tail is nothing but bright gas. And its head is made of small pieces and they could not hurt the earth.
Some comets can be seen for a few months. Then they go away. Some of them come back in a certain number of years. Some are never seen again.
Perhaps these comets that never return have broken into pieces. For some _ think that shooting stars  are pieces of broken comets.
The question is: People were afraid   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:comets are different from planets
B:comets travel in the sky
C:comets are much bigger than the earth
D:comets could hit the earthWhen you hear the words "streets dancer", what is the picture that appears in your head? For most people, it is a picture of a person wearing unusual clothes with a hat on his head, dancing to the music in a cool way. For example, a person who wears a large T-shirt dances on the street. Clearly, clothes those street dancers wear show their personalities   and clothing styles. Now let us take a look at street dancers' clothing styles.
Tops
If you look into the clothing styles of street dancers, you will notice that there is a large difference between the tops that men and women wear. For men, they often wear a large T-shirt with probably a jacket at times. However, for women, they often wear tank tops (T) .
Bottoms
Today, the street dancers still prefer wearing large jeans and a lot of men also wear Capri pants  . However, women start to wear mini skirts or shorts. Nowadays knee-high socks are also a popular new look for the women.
Footwear
For any street dancer, shoes are important. Any pair of shoes that produces the slightest sound can destroy  the performance. So they need a pair of shoes that allows them to move freely.
In fact, street dancers' clothing has to be something that allows for a lot of comfort   and that shows personalities. The two points are important for any street dancer. Without those things, it is difficult for street dancers to perform well and show their personalities. What do you think about the clothing style of street dancers? Maybe you like it or maybe you don't. Anyway, people have different ideas of beauty.
The question is: According to this passage the street dancers' shoes should be   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:those that can't make any sound
B:cheap rather than comfortable
C:those that could make pleasant sounds
D:paid less attention to for they are not importantA man and his wife had a small restaurant near a train station. The restaurant often stayed open until after midnight, because people came to drink and have meals while they were waiting for trains.
At two o'clock one morning, a farmer was still sitting at a table there. He was asleep. The wife of the owner of the restaurant was very sleepy and wanted to go to bed. She looked at the farmer several times and waited for him to wake up and go, but each time she looked, the farmer was still there sleeping. Then at last she went to her husband and said to him, "You have woken him six times now, but why haven't you sent him away? It's very late."
"Oh, no, I don't want to _ " answered her husband with a smile. "You see, whenever I wake him up, he asks for his bill , and when I give him the bill, he pays it and then goes to sleep again."
The question is: From the passage we know the husband is   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:honest
B:gentle
C:unkind
D:warm-heartedOne day in 1924, five men who were camping in the Cascade Mountains saw a group of huge apelike creatures coming out of the woods. They hurried back to their wooden house and locked themselves inside. While they were in, the creatures threw rocks against the house. Several hours later these strange hairy giants went back into the woods.
After the men returned to the town and told the people about their adventure, _ . These were the people who remembered hearing tales about footprints of an animal that walked like a human being.
The five men, however, were not the first to have seen these creatures called Bigfoot. Long before their experience, the local Native Americans were certain that a group of apelike animals had been living in the _ mountain for centuries.
In 1958, some workers, who were building a road through the jungles of Northern California, often found huge footprints in the earth around their camp. Then in 1967, Roger Patterson, a man who was interested in finding Bigfoot, went into the same jungles with a friend. While riding, they were suddenly thrown off from their horses. Patterson saw a tall apelike animal standing not far away. He managed to take photos of the hairy creature before it disappeared in the jungles. When Patterson's photos were shown to the public, not many people believed his story.
Richard Brown, an experienced hunter, discovered a similar creature. He saw the animal clearly through the telescopic lens   of his rifle  . He said the creature looked more like a human being than an animal.
Later many other people also found deep footprints in the same area. In spite of regular reports of sightings and footprints, most experts still do not believe that Bigfoot really exists  .
The question is: Which of the following can be put in  _  ?
The possible answers are:
A:however, only a few people accepted their story
B:all the people said they had seen the animal
C:some said they were making up their own story
D:only those who had killed the creature believed themFor some people, it's easy to get dressed for work. Pilots and police officers, for example, don't have to make decisions about their work clothes. They wear uniforms to work every day.
For many office workers, however, it is more difficult to choose clothes for work. They do not wear uniforms to the office. Also, many organizations are changing their _ . They are allowing their employees to wear casual  clothes to work.
The change to casual work clothes began in the 1990s. At first, many companies in the United States allowed employees to wear casual clothes on one day of the week--Friday. Friday became "Casual Friday" or "Dress-down Friday". Today, however, many companies are allowing their employees to wear casual clothes every day of the week.
Some studies show that people are producing and achieving more when they are wearing comfortable clothes. Some companies also like the casual dress code because they don't need to buy special clothes for work. They can save money this way.
Unfortunately, a casual dress code can also cause problems. Sometimes employees think they can wear anything. Many companies have rules about casual clothes. They list the kinds of clothes that are not "business-casual" clothes. Blue jeans, sandals, and sportswear are examples of clothes that are usually too casual for the office.
The question is: What problems can a casual dress code cause according to the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:Employees seldom wear comfortable clothes.
B:Usually employees put on expensive clothing.
C:Employees always have too little on themselves.
D:Sometimes employees dress too casually.Lucy Brown teaches English in a junior high school. She loves her students very much, and she works hard. She often tells them some interesting stories in class and her students like her, too.
Yesterday, Lucy found some boys always made faces in class. She didn't want them to do that again, so she got all her students together and said, "Boys and girls, when I was young, I liked making faces in class, too. But one day, my grandmother told me not to do that again. She said, 'If you make faces again, you will be ugly when you grow up.' So you shouldn't do that again."
Some students thought she was right, but some students didn't. One of the boys put up his hand. "Oh, Tom! What do you want to say?" asked Lucy.
The boy stood up and said, "Miss Brown, you must regret listening to your grandmother now."
The question is: Lucy is   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:a Chinese teacher
B:a math teacher
C:an English teacher
D:a history teacherIn 1638, John Harvard donated some money and about four hundred books to a new university. This was the beginning of the library at Harvard University. The gift was so important that the university was named for John Harvard.
Thomas Bray began the first free lending library in the late 1600s. He set up more than 30 or these libraries in the American colonies. However, the idea for this kind of free library ended when Bray died in 1730. In 1731, Benjamin Franklin and some friends started the first subscription library in the United States. In a subscription library people pay money to become members, but they may _ the books without paying again.
In the United States, every child had a free education. This idea soon led to free libraries. One of the first libraries that used tax money to buy books was a library in Peterborough, New Hampshire. This library was set up in 1833.
The question is: Harvard University began  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:in 1731
B:in 1730
C:in 1833
D:in 1638At nine o'clock in the evening on 15 September,1961, Mr and Mrs Hill were driving along Motorway 3 (3) when they saw a spaceship.
They drove on to Sand field, the next town. They got there the next morning. Mr Hill looked at his watch.
"Why did it take us so long? " he asked. "Three hundred and four kilometers in seven hours?"
Mrs Hill went white in the face. "Something is strange, "she said." But I can't remember anything."
Later, with the help of, a doctor, they remembered everything. After they saw the spaceship, they got out of their car and then they "lost" several hours.
They remembered they heard a "bleep, bleep" noise from the spaceship. When they tried to run back to their car, there were three aliens   between them and their car.
The aliens took them to their spaceship. They asked them questions about the food and drink on Earth. They were very interested in Mr Hill's teeth because his teeth could come out!
Finally, the aliens took them back to their car and the spaceship flew away.
The question is: What time do you think the Hills arrived at Sand field?
The possible answers are:
A:At4 a.m. on 15 September.
B:At 4 a.m. on 16 September.
C:At 6 a.m. on 15 September.
D:At 6 a.m. on 16 September.My name is Mary. I'm a student. I'm twelve. My father is a policeman. My mother is a nurse. Nick is my brother. We are all at home today, because today is Sunday. My brother Nick is a student, too. We are in the same school. There are thirty-five classes in our school. My classroom is very big.
The question is: What's Mary's mother?
The possible answers are:
A:She is a teacher.
B:She is a student.
C:She is a nurse.
D:She is a doctor.There are many TV programs about Chinese dishes, but few are Like A Bite Of China . The seven-part documentary tell us food in different places in China.
The different kinds of food on TV are from 60 places. You can see many kinds of food and they can _ your eyes and stomach. And you also learn how to make the food . That's why the program becomes so popular.
However, the program is not only about food. There are many different stories between food and people. To know good stories, workers of the film spent three months doing the research  and nine months filming. Liu Wen, one of the workers, says the story also shows the social transportations  . "The program is like a window, it makes the world know more about China. And it helps people around the world not only enjoy Chinese dishes, but also learn Chinese culture."
The question is: From the article we know  _
The possible answers are:
A:A Bite of China is very popular in the foreign countries
B:Liu Wei is a leader of the film
C:It's not easy to film the program
D:learning how to make Chinese dishes is very popular nowHello, my name is Gina. John, Anna and I are good friends. We are in the same grade. But they are in Class Five and I am in Class Three. We get up at 7:00 and go to school at 7:30. In the morning we have four lessons. We have English every morning. John and Anna have English at 10:00 in the morning and I have _ at 11:00. English is my favorite subject. Math is their favorite. And we all like P.E.
In the afternoon, we have three lessons. At 2:30 we have the art lesson in the same classroom. After school we often play soccer. We all like soccer. Sometimes we watch TV at my house. We don't play any computer games.
The question is: Gina and her friends all like  _
The possible answers are:
A:P.E. and English
B:P.E. and soccer
C:English and computer games
D:soccer and computer gamesBarry and Jim are twin   brothers. But they like different things. Barry likes basketball and soccer. He is in the school basketball club, and he plays soccer every day. He has 9 basketballs in his bookcase. He also likes volleyball. He has 3 white volleyballs and 3 blue volleyballs. He doesn't like tennis. He wants to be a soccer player.
Jim doesn't like sports. He likes books. He thinks reading books is interesting. He reads a book every day. He has many books about English. He has a great collection of English books. But he puts these books everywhere in his room. He thinks books are good friends. He wants to be a writer.
The question is: What club is Barry in?
The possible answers are:
A:The school soccer club.
B:The school volleyball club.
C:The school basketball club.
D:The school baseball club.Tu Youyou, an 84-year-old scientist, became the first female  Chinese to win a Nobel Prize in science on Oct,5. She shared the 2015 Nobel Prize for medicine because of the new medicine for malaria . Tu started the research in the 1970s that made her find artemisinin , a kind of medicine that has saved many people's lives. It comes from Chinese traditional medicine and now is a good way to treat malaria.
When the news came that Tu was given the prize, there were cheers as well as questions. Some said that her achievement  was the result of lots of Chinese scientists working together. So it is unfair to give the prize only to Tu.
However, Tu was awarded for "three firsts". She was the first to bring artemisinin to her team, the first to extract  artemisinin that can stop malaria, and the first to finish the experiment.
Giving prizes to scientists with great ideas is the best way to keep national innovation .
The question is: Why did someone say it was unfair to give the prize only to Tu Youyou?
The possible answers are:
A:because it was many scientists' hard work together.
B:because Tu was a woman
C:because malaria was not a serious illness
D:because artemisinin comes from Chinese medicine.New changes have taken place in Paris in recent years. Paris used to be among Europe's busiest cities. Traffic jams could be seen all the time. But now there is a new 2.5 kilometre-long car-free area inside the city. The Louvre  attracts world tourists. People visit there not just for the art works, but also enjoy the roof of the building which is like a flying carpet. The world's most beautiful city is now even more beautiful.
Lijiang River National Park, China.
Lijiang River is in Guilin. It is well-known for its clear water, limestone  and green hills. The hills have beautiful names depending on different shapes, such as "Elephant Trunk". These attract many Chinese poets and artists. The best way to enjoy Lijing River is to take an 83 km boat trip from Guilin to Yangshuo in summer.
Zurich, Switzerland
What do you think Zurich is famous for? Great banks? Yes. People can find many Swiss banks and foreign banks here. But the city is of great interest to many people for another reason. Zurich hosts Europe's largest street party each year. Its Street Parade has overtaken London's Notting Hill Carival. What's hot in the city in 2014? In August, Zurich will host the European Athletic Championships. This gives tourists a chance to see the world's top athletes making new records.
Adelaide, Australia
Many people may know Sydney or Melbourne. They are big cities in Australia. But Adelaide wins people's hearts with great festivals and tasty food. Adelaide Fringe Festival is the largest art festival in Australia. Every February and March, people celebrate with outdoor art works, dance performances and live music. Adelaide has many kinds of foreign foods. British fish and chips, Italian pizza and German pork can be found in most restaurants.
The question is: Many Chinese poets and artists are attracted by  _   in Guilin.
The possible answers are:
A:elephant trunks
B:warm weather
C:the highway to Yangshuo
D:the green hills and limestone cavesA young man and a young girl get married  . The man has much money, and he likes reading very much in his spare   time. The woman is very beautiful, but she doesn't have anything to do because the servant does everything for her every day. She isn't happy, either. Do you know the reason? Her _ is busy reading his books and has no time to stay with her every day.
One day, she says to her husband: "I would like to be a book!" "Why, dear?" the husband asks. "Then you will love to read me very much" "But I don't think so, dear. After I read one book, I usually read the next one soon," the husband answers.
The question is: The young man is   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:Cute
B:poor
C:rich
D:tallWhile we are still children ,most of us live at home with our parents, more or less peacefully . But as we become teenagers , things change ,and we begin to grow apart from our parents . This means we are almost ready to leave the house where we grew up and make a new home of our own .
All humans must do this ,but they don't all do it in the same way . If ,for instance ,you belong to a primitive tribe   ,then as you grew up ,you'd learn the skills you needed as an adult---how to catch fish ,how to keep the house and look after children . You would be ready to marry in your early teens and you would build a house and live near your family in the village.
This seems a very old way of life , but it is what humans have been used to through hundreds of years. And it is what we are still used to in the 21stcentury ,for man hasn't changed in the short time since he became civilized . But could you leave home and look after yourself during the teen years ? Most people would not do very well . Why ? Because although man hasn't changed very much , the society he lives in has changed greatly ,which means that we have to learn more and more before we are ready to leave our parents' shelter(  ) and live alone .
However ,sometimes it is very frustrating to live at parents' home . Parents can be very upset about late nights ,criticizing friends and always saying that we are noisy and dirty . But we still need our emotional   shelter till we finish our studies , and that is why we usually stay in our parents' home until we feel grown up enough to deal with living alone .
The question is: Why must we know more to be able to live alone ?
The possible answers are:
A:Because we are becoming less talented .
B:Because our society has changed a lot .
C:Because not enough is taught in our schools.
D:Because man has never really been civilized.The greatest sales woman in the world today doesn't mind if you call her a girl. That's because Markita Andrews made more than $80,000 by selling cookies when she was 13 years old.
Andrews and her mother shared a dream of traveling around the world. Once while reading a magazine ad, Andrews found that the person who sold the most cookies could win a free trip for two around the world. She decided to give it a try.
To make her dream come true, Andrews went door to door every day after school and repeated, "Hi, I have a dream. I'm earning a trip around the world for my mom and me by selling cookies. " Then she asked," Would you like to buy one or two dozen boxes of cookies?"
Andrews kept asking for a whole year, no matter how heavily it was raining or snowing outside. Her hard work _ She sold 42,000 boxes of cookies that year and she won her trip around the world.
Andrews is no smarter than thousands of other people. The key to her success is that she has found the secret of selling: Ask, Ask, Ask! Many people fail before they even begin because they fail to ask for what they want.
It takes courage to ask for what you want. And , as Andrews has discovered, the more you ask, the easier ( and more fun) it gets.
,.
The question is: How did Andrew succeed?
The possible answers are:
A:Because she was young when she started doing things.
B:Because she knew how to sell well and she worked really hard at it.
C:Because her mother helped her a lot.
D:Because she wanted to travel around the world.Jane is a school girl. She is twelve. She studies at a middle school. She is in Grade Seven. She is a good girl. Jane gets up at seven in the morning. Then she has her breakfast. For breakfast she has eggs and a cup of milk. She doesn't have tea for breakfast.
After breakfast Jane goes to school. At twelve she comes home from school. She has lunch with her mother. For lunch she has hamburgers and salad. She likes salad, but she doesn't like hamburgers.
At seven she has supper with her father and mother. They have chicken and vegetables. Her father likes chicken, but Jane doesn't.
The question is: Jane is a school girl in a   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:primary school
B:middle school
C:university
D:collegeLast Sunday I saw the worst storm in years. It came suddenly and went on for more than three hours. After lunch, I went into my room to have a rest. The air was hot, and all was quiet.The strong wind started blowing into my room. Pieces of paper on my desk flew high into the air and some flew out of the open window. As I ran out to catch them, big drops of rain began to fall.
When I came back into the house, it was raining harder and harder. I tried very hard to close the window. Then I heard a loud crashing sound from the back of the house. I ran
out of my room to find out what it was--- a big tree had fallen down and broke the top of the back room.
The question is: The top of the back room was broken because of   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:the hot air
B:the crashing sound
C:the rain
D:the falling treeMany children think mobile phones are cool. They come in fun colors and let you talk with friends anytime and anywhere.
In the U.S., more than 90 million people use mobile phones. Many of these people are children. For children, mobile phones are more than phone calls. They are fashionable.
Most mobile phone users don't think about the health problems caused  by mobile phones. Some scientists say that mobile phones give off radiation  that might be bad for the users. One newest study shows that mobile phone radiation might raise  a person's chance of getting some kinds of cancer . Other scientists say mobile phones don't' threaten people's health. They say that they have not found any link  between phone use and cancer.
Scientists say that people can protect   themselves from mobile phone radiation. One way is to use a headset . Or people can make shorter call.
The question is: What should people do to protect themselves from mobile phone radiation?
The possible answers are:
A:Make longer calls
B:Use a headset
C:Make shorter calls
D:Both B and CAlthough I had left school against the advice of my teacher, I had, without telling anyone, tried to continue my studies in literature at evening classes. It was a tiresome walk from one end of the city to another and to sit among adults was uninteresting. I was the youngest in the class, so the friendship I knew at school was absent, I put up with it for a short period. It was too long a walk on cold winter's nights and it was hard to put my heart into Shakespeare with wet shoes and trousers. So I continued reading books and started writing poetry at home.
By chance, I won some prizes and rewards for literature. A young woman from a TV company came to the college one day. She wanted to make a short film about me, to which I said, "No, I couldn't do that." Not that I had any real excuse, I was just frightened. In the end she persuaded me that I should do it the following day.
So I did. They made a short film of me reading one of my poems and I became more interested in literature than ever. I wondered what I should do after this, and decided some weeks later that I could not imagine myself spending the rest of my days dealing with machines. So one evening, I hesitatingly  told my parents that I wanted to return to school. They wanted to know if I was sure, if I knew what it meant and whether I realized that if I gave up my job training, it would be very difficult to get a good job. But nothing could stop me, and they asked about the matter on future.
The question is: The writer did NOT feel comfortable at the evening school because   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:he found it difficult to make friends with his classmates
B:he had to walk a long distance to the evening school
C:he could not put his heart into reading books after he was caught in the rain
D:all of the aboveA father isn't happy with his only son. He doesn't think his son is clever.
One day, the father gives his son a task. He says, here is a coin. Go to buy one thing. That must be something to eat, something to drink, and something to plant.
"What can I buy with one coin? It is too hard!" Then a girl finds the boy is not happy and comes up to him. "Can I help you? " The boy tells her that hard task. "I know what you can do, " she says. "Go and buy a watermelon with this coin. " It will give you everything your father wants." The boy thanks the girl and then runs to buy a watermelon.
When the father sees the watermelon, he is very happy. "Good Job!" "In fact, that's not my idea. A girl helps me", says the boy. The father then says, " _ is more important than cleverness."
,.
The question is: The father isn't happy, because   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:he doesn't think his son is clever
B:his son is lazy
C:his son doesn't study hard
D:his son can't buy something for himA man went to buy a piece of meat. As he didn't know how to cook meat, he asked the butcher    to tell him the way of cooking it. The butcher told him how to cook it, "But I can't remember your words," the man said. "Will you please write them down for me?" The butcher was kind enough to write them down for him. The man went home happily with the meat in his hand and the note   in his pocket  . A dog followed him on the way. It jumped at him, took the meat away and ran off. The man stood there, not knowing what to do. Then he laughed and said, "never mind. You don't know how to eat it. The note is still in my pocket."
The question is: What happened in the end?
The possible answers are:
A:He forgot to cook the meat.
B:The dog took the meat away.
C:He taught the dog how to eat the meat.
D:The note is still in his pocket.That Easter day (     ) I found out we were so poor . The minister brought us the money for the poor family , so we must be poor , I thought . I didn't like being poor . Everyone there probably already knew we were poor ! I thought about school . I was in the ninth grade and at the top of my class over 100 students . I wondered if the kids at school knew that we were poor .
We sat in silence for a long time . Then it got dark , and we went to bed . All that week ,we girls went to school and came home , and no one talked much . Finally , on Saturday , Mom asked us what we wanted to do with the money . What did poor people do with the money ? We didn't know . We didn't want to go to the church on Sunday , but mom said we had to . Although it was a sunny day , we didn't talk on the way . Mom started to sing , but no one joined in .
At church we had a speaker . He talked about how churches in Africa built schools and houses for the poor people , but they needed more money to buy foods . The speaker said ," Can't we all give away some money to help those poor people ?" We looked at each other and smiled for the first time in a week .
Mom reached into her purse and pulled out the envelope . She passed it to Darlene , Darlene gave it to me , and I put it into the offering .
When the offering was counted , the minister _ that it was a little over 500 dollars . The speaker was excited . He hadn't expected such a large offering from our small church . He said ," You must have some rich people in this church ." Suddenly it struck us ! We had given 420dollars of that "  little over 500 dollars  ."
We were the rich family in the church ! Hadn't the speaker said so ? From that day on , I've never been poor again .
The question is: Which of the statements is true ?
The possible answers are:
A:The writer was born in an African country
B:The writer didn't like going to school
C:The mother was helpful to others
D:he mother didn't want the money given by othersEnglish A
Because it's never too late to start learning English Course structure and goals
A basic course that improves different English skills. Lessons focus on pronunciation of words and sounds, listening, practicing casual English, reading and combining all of these skills together.
We learn through introducing ourselves to friends and family, discussing everyday activities, food, restaurants, shopping and places.
This course is for People who have learned very little English in the past.
Duration 
Class meets once a week over an 8-month period.
Moreover, students can take advantage of our extra lessons, for an additional hour per week.
At the end of the course the student will
* Understand sentences and phrases dealing with topics such as: personal and family information, shopping, geography, etc.
* Read short and simple sentences, find information in everyday texts, such as: advertising, menus, etc.
* Have short conversations.
* Communicate through simple everyday tasks.
* Describe their personal background, living conditions and other information about their surroundings.
* Write short and simple notes, messages and personal letters.
The question is: According to the passage, which of the following is TRUE?
The possible answers are:
A:You have to finish all the courses online.
B:You can get extra lessons for an hour a day.
C:The course includes different English skills.
D:Only children can join in this English course.A week in the sun relaxing in the beautiful March weather of Varadero, Cuba is a fantastic vacation for anyone. Luckily, my wife, two friends and I had the chance last year.
To see Cuba, you have to talk to the Cubans. Our friends met us at the airport even at 1:00 a.m. which started our trip on a positive note. After a few days at the hotels, we got to know a local tour guide, Victor.
The trip started off on a sunny morning. Our return trip would be along the coastline from Havana, but out trip to Havana would be through the countryside and the small towns. This trip was designed for us to visit the Cuban countryside.
At first Victor brought us to Revolutionary Square, where Fidel Castro made his yearly speech praising the ideas of the revolution.
Our second stop was the Bocoy Rum Factory. We walked through and learned how 5000 bottles of rum  are produced every day. The smell of rum, and the huge barrels were interesting.
The final stop was the market in Old Havana. Here my wife and I went away from our friends and we toured through this large shopping center. From store to store we saw so many items that all had a clear Cuban feel to them. We bought a picture and some special local things, and then we took off to meet up with Victor.
As a tourist I was able to have a quick look at Cuban life with the help of Cubans. I felt lucky to have the chance. It was an interesting experience in my life.
The question is: How often does Fidel Castro make his speech on Revolutionary Square?
The possible answers are:
A:Every day
B:Every week
C:Every month
D:Every yearWe've talked about snails   and their slow move. But much of the time snails don't move at all. They're in their shells ---sleeping .
Hot sun will dry out a snail's body. So at the least sign of hot sun, a snail draws its body into its shell and closes the opening with a thin cover. Then it goes to sleep. A snail will die in a heavy rain. So whenever it rains, it goes inside its shell house and goes to sleep. A snail can sleep for as long as it needs to. It can take a short sleep. Or it can sleep for days at a time. And it spends all the winter months in its shell, asleep.
In spring the snail wakes up. Its body, about three inches long, comes out of from the shell. When hungry, the snail looks for food. It can't see very well. Its eyes, at the ends of the top feelers are very weak. But its sense of smell is very strong. It helps the snail to the new greens. Then the snail's little mouth goes to work.
A snail's mouth is no longer than the point of a pin . Yet it has 256,000 teeth! The teeth are so small that you can't see them. But they do their work.. If you put a snail in a hard paper box, it will eat its way out. And if a snail wears out its teeth, it will grow new ones.
Mostly, a snail looks for food at night .But on cloudy days it eats in the daytime. It eats all day long. A snail can go on eating for hours and never feel full.
The question is: From the story we know  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:the snail's shell is very thin
B:a snail can't see well
C:the snail's nose is quite short
D:the snail's body changes in different seasonsThe Voice of China was hot during the summer of 2012!
The Voice of China is the large music show in China. This show is also the only one which regards the Voice as the only ruler. It premiered at 21:15 on July 13, 2012, on the Zhejiang Television. It has attracted great attention. _ .
The first season used "Real voice, real music" as its slogan. As a mentor , singers like Liu Huan, Na Ying, Yu Chengqing and Yang Kun will be responsible for seeking world-shaking voices of China in the following three and a half months, through four stages, namely, "blind choosing", "selecting", "team PK" and "yearly grand ceremony".
It is really a miracle that The Voice of China can stand out in the flood of today's talent shows in China and attracts the audience. A great many of audience said this will be the best television show in this summer. They were all proud for these good voices of China.
The students' beautiful voices moved everyone. Xu Haixing, a girl from Chengdu, sang "Self" to realize her father's dream and Liu Huan was moved to tears by her song. Huang Yong sang "In Spring" showing his persistence on his dream and Yang Kun cried for this. The blind girl Zhang Yuxia, a busker from Taiwan, played while singing. She was praised as "Deng Lijun No.2" for her unique voice, and her sincere feelings touched everybody. Na Ying went to the stage to sing with the students together for two times.
The Voice of China casts off magnificent clothes and wonderful dancing. It regards "inspiration" and "professionalism" as the ruler of music. The singer uses their songs to tell their real stories and the happiness of life.
The question is: From the passage we know Liu Huan was deeply moved by  _   song.
The possible answers are:
A:Na Ying's
B:Xu Haixing's
C:Huang Yong's
D:Zhang Yuxia'sMany of us don't pay attention to the importance of eye care. It's said that if you take care of your body, then you can be healthy. That is why our eyes should be given a lot of care. Natural eye care should be put in a number one place.
There are several causes leading to poor eyesight like not enough food, gene  and aging . Televisions, computers and reading are also the causes of having poor eyesight.
If you happen to work in front of the computer, it is best to take a rest every once in a while. Something dirty can cause redness and they will make you feel uncomfortable. It is bad for your eyes, too. If this happens, the best way is to clean your eyes by using cold water. You must also try your best to protect your eyes from harmful thing. For example, sunglasses are not just fashion but they can also serve as a great way to protect your eyesight from _ .
Eating healthy foods will do good to your eyesight. Remember that vitamins  A, C and E are good for eyes. Try to eat food groups that have these vitamins. And you should do eye exercises because exercise protects your eyesight, too. If a person exercises regularly  and eats the right kind of food, his eyes will stay in good condition for a long time.
All above are natural ways of eye care that help us keep healthy eyes. Being happy all the time can be helpful to a person's eyesight, too. In a word, eye care is very important, no matter how old a person is.
,.
The question is: All the following causes can lead to bad eyesight except   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:age
B:height
C:reading
D:computerMr. Jones is in Beijing. He's a teacher. And Mrs. Jones is an English teacher. They have a boy and a girl. They are Paul and Michael. Paul is five and Michael is only three months  . Paul loves his sister very much.
One day, Mrs. Jones' sister, Jane, comes to her family. She sees Michael for the first time  . The boy shows  his sister to Jane."Look at my sister," says Paul. "She's nice."
"You're right, Paul," Jane says. "But what's her name?"
"I don't know. She can't speak."
The question is: _   people are in Mr. Jones' family.
The possible answers are:
A:Two
B:Three
C:Four
D:FiveMary and Her Friends
Mary has some friends. They are Betty, Peter, Alice and Mike. Mary is the oldest of the five. Betty is thirteen years old. She is younger than Mary and older than Peter. Alice is nine and Mike is seven.
Betty and Peter are good runners . But Peter runs faster. Mary and Betty like to play basketball. Mary plays better than Betty. Alice sings best of them.
Mary and Betty study in a middle school. Peter, Alice and Mike study in a primary school. They all work hard at school. But Betty works hardest. Her handwriting is good, too.
The question is: Peter runs   _   than Betty.
The possible answers are:
A:faster
B:slow
C:faster
D:the fastestWriter: Amy Gillett
Price:$24.95Fare :$3.99(Ships from and sold by Amazon.com.)
INTRODUCTION  .................................9
Lesson 1: Bob's Day at Work...........................11
Lesson 2: Bob Returns Home with Bad News.........17
Lesson 3: Ted's Day at School........................23
Lesson 4: Nicole's Day at School.....................27
Lesson 5: Ted Goes Out for the Evening...............33
REVIEW: Lessons 1-5 .................................37
:
The question is: If Tom wants to buy this book from Amazon.com, he has to pay   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:$3.99
B:$24.95
C:$20.96
D:$28.94Reading is a good hobby for all kinds of reasons.
First, reading is fun. You can always keep yourself happy if you like reading. You will never feel bored or tired.
Next, you can read a book anywhere-- in a car, on a plane, or even in the bathroom. All you need is a book!
Another good reason for reading is that it is useful. If you read as a hobby, you will get better and better at it. And you will read faster and find it easier to understand what you read. As you reading skills improve, you will probably find your schoolwork becomes much better.
Some people say that reading is out of date . This is not true. You can read on computers, and the better you read, the better your computer skills will be.
Good readers may become writers, too. They always have more things to write about.
Reading is a wonderful hobby. Why not start reading right now?
The question is: It is   _   that reading is out of date.
The possible answers are:
A:true
B:not true
C:sure
D:possibleThere are 5 channels on British television and each channel has several news programs all day long. Some programs are only for 3 minutes but some are one hour long. The people who read the news are called news presenters and because they appear on television every day, they are very famous.
This is a popular news presenter in England called Trevor McDonald, in the news studio. He presents a program called "News at Ten"every Monday to Friday evenings.
Another popular news presenter is Kirsty Young. She has a more modern style of reading the news, as you can see, she sits on the desk not on a chair!
Television news presenters need to have worked as journalists because they have to write most of the news that they read. Sometimes an important new event happens after the program has started, so the presenter has to be able to read something without looking at it first. They must always keep calm even when there are many changes during the program. At the end of "News at Ten"Trevor McDonald says "And finally...". Then he reads an unusual or interesting item. It's a famous saying in England now.
The question is: Who sits on the desk to read the news?
The possible answers are:
A:Kirsty Young.
B:Trevor McDonald.
C:All the news presenters.
D:Some journalistsBill Gates, the founder of Microsoft and one of the richest people in the world, is now making efforts to reinvent  the toilet. Gates has donated a big part of his wealth to charity. Now his charitable organization, the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation, is looking for future toilets that can improve the living conditions of millions of people.
The flush toilet  we use today was invented in 1775. While it works well in getting rid of our waste, it also uses a lot of water and needs a costly sewage system . Besides, it's not necessarily practical for the developing world. In some developing countries, lack of toilets leads to poor hygiene ,and _ could kill people. According to the World Health Organization, 1.5 million children under the age of five die each year because of hygiene problems.
Last year, the Gates Foundation gave money to eight universities around the world and asked them to start inventing the toilet of tomorrow: a toilet that uses little or no water is cheap and easy to fix, and is safe and hygienic.
At the " Reinvent the Toilet Fair " competition recently held in Seattle, twenty-eight designs were displayed. The winners, from the California Institute of Technology , were awarded a $ 100,000 prize by the Gates Foundation.
"We couldn't be happier with the response that we've gotten," Bill Gates said at the event. Many of the new designs would not only greatly improve hygiene in the developing world, but also help change the dependence on traditional flush toilets in developed nations, he said.
The question is: Which would be the best title for the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:Bill Gates of Microsoft
B:Revolution   of the toilet
C:Fair of the toilet
D:Type of the toiletA small ,white envelope stuck among the branches of our Christmas tree and it has been there for the past ten years or so.
It all began because my husband Justin hated Christmas--oh, not the true meaning of Christmas.Overspending was one thing, but compared to the difficult experience of choosing gifts--running around at the last minute to get a tie for Uncle Harry and a pair of gloves for Grandma...,spending money is nothing. I felt too tired to think of any special gifts.
Knowing Justin felt the same way, I decided one year not to buy the usual shirts, sweaters, ties and so on. I reached for something special just for Justin. The inspiration came in an unusual way.
Our son Kevin, who was 12 that year, was wrestling  at the junior level at the school he attended; and shortly before Christmas, there was a match against a team sponsored   by an inner-city church.These youngsters, dressed in such worn-out shoes that shoe strings seemed to be the only thing holding them together, while our boys were in their blue and gold uniforms and new wrestling shoes.
As the match began, I was shocked to see that the other team were wrestling without wearing helmets   to protect their ears. Well, our boys ended up defeating them. We took every weight class.
Justin, seated beside me, shook his head sadly, "I wish just one of them could have won," he said. "They have a lot potential   , but losing like this could take the heart out of them." Justin loved kids--all kids, and he knew them, having coached little league football and baseball. That's when the idea for his present came. That afternoon, I went to a local sporting goods store and bought different kinds of wrestling helmets and shoes. I sent them to inner-city church without leaving my name.
On Christmas Eve, I placed the envelope on the tree, the note inside telling Justin what I had done and that was his gift from me. His smile was the brightest thing about Christmas that year and since then the envelope has become the highlight of our Christmas.
The question is: Justin hated Christmas because   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:he didn't enjoy receiving gifts
B:he had a hard time choosing gifts
C:he spent too much money buying gifts
D:he disliked putting gifts under the Christmas treeLast month the manager  of a jewelry shop ( ) received a letter. As he was very busy then, the letter lay on his desk till tea-time. He opened it and a 10-pound note( ) fell out onto the desk. Within the note was a letter which said:
Dear sir:
In 1935 I got engaged( ). But unfortunately I lost my job. At the time a lot of people were out of work. Six months later I got a job again, but of course I was very short of money. I came to your shop to buy a wedding ring( ). The assistant took out some rings for me to look at, but she was called away for a moment, and I put one of the rings in my pocket. When she came back, I said I didn't know the size of my girl's finger. So I left the shop without buying a ring. My wife died a short while ago and the fact that I never paid for the ring has been heavy in my heart all these years. At that time, the ring cost 2 pounds so I think it is 10 pounds at today's price and I'm sending 10 pounds.
Yours truly,
A customer ( )
The question is: What do you think of the customer?
The possible answers are:
A:Honest
B:Forgetful
C:Dishonest
D:CarelessIt's that time of year again. The lead-up to everyone's favorite holiday -- Christmas!
Usually Black Friday, the day after Thanksgiving, marks the beginning of the Christmas shopping season. On this day all the stores open early and offer the best discounts to their customers. Interestingly, people push to buy the cheapest products, just a few hours after giving thanks for the things they have.
Usually televisions and laptops are the most popular products on Black Friday. People are willing to wait for hours for their favorite stores to open because they want very much to get the items they need.
This year I decided to go out and grab a bargain at one of these sales, just to see what it is like. After a delicious Thanksgiving meal, I drove to the mall around half an hour before the stores opened. Already there were people lining up and waiting outside. Some had even prepared themselves with tents and hot chocolate to stay warm in the cold weather. I entered the store, but I wasn't looking for anything specific. I just walked around the store checking out the prices. I bought some cheap clothes, while other people were _ their shopping carts with tons of different items.
Some people come to the Black Friday sales for the products, and others come to enjoy the experience. However, some stores can be a little dangerous during Black Friday. Every year there are always some cases of people fighting over the small number of goods. This year Wal-Mart learned its lesson and made the sales last longer. They made sure customers came for the first hour, got what they wanted and then left quickly.
The question is: Why does the author say some stores can be dangerous?
The possible answers are:
A:Because the sales last too long indeed.
B:Because the stores can be over-crowded.
C:Because many people are waiting outside.
D:Because there are fewer products than needed.Paper was first made in the year 105. It was made by a Chinese named Cai Lun.
People in Japan learned of paper around the year 600. As years went by, people in other places began to make paper.
The lead  pencil is not made of lead. It is made of graphite . People found graphite in 1564. They thought it was a kind of lead. Today we still call pencils "lead pencils". The first pencils were made by putting strings  around sticks of graphite.
The first wooden pencils were made by Kasper Faber from Germany in 1761.
Erasers like those we use today were first made in France by a man named Magellan in 1752. It was Hyman L. Lipman who first put eraser on the ends of pencils. And that is how the pencils come to be.
The question is: Kasper Faber was   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:an Englishman
B:a Frenchman
C:a German
D:an AmericanIn the Caucasus region , nearly 50 out of every 100,000 people live to celebrate their 100thbirthday, and many don't stop at 100! By comparison, in America only 3 people in 100,000 reach 100. But these Caucasus people aren't alone. The Pakistani Hunzas, who live high in the Himalaya Mountains, and the Vilcabambans of the Andes Mountains in Ecuador seem to share the secret of long life too.
These peoples remain healthy in body and spirit despite the passage of time. While many older persons in industrial societies become weak and ill in their 60s and 70s, some Caucasus people aged 110-140, work in the fields beside their great-great-grandchildren. Even the idea of aging is foreign to them. When asked, "At what age does youth end?" most of these old people had no answer. Several replied, "Well, perhaps at age 80." The very youngest estimate was age 60.
What accounts for this ability to survive (live) to such old age, and to survive so well? First of all, hard physical work is a way of life for all of these long-lived peoples. They began their long days of physical labor as children and never seem to stop. For example, Mr. Rustam is 142 years of age. He remembers his life experience: the Crimean War of 1854; the Turkish War of 1878; the Bolshevik Revolution in 1917. His wife is 116 years old. They have been married for 90 years. Mr. Rustam has no plan of retiring from his life as a farmer. "Why? What else would I do?" he asks. Oh, he's slowed down a bit. Now he might quit (stop working) for the day after 6 hours in the field instead of 10.
All these people get healthful rewards from the environment in which they work. They all come from mountainous regions. They live and work at elevations of 5,000 to 12, 000 feet(1,660 to 4,000meters) above sea level. The air has less oxygen and is pollution-free. This reduced oxygen environment makes the heart and blood vessel system stronger.
Another factor that may lead to the good health of these people is their isolation. To a great extent, they are separated from the pressure and worries of industrial society.
Inherited  factors also play some role. Most of the longest-lived peoples had parents and grandparents who also reached very old age. Good family genes may, therefore, be one factor in living longer.
Finally, although these three groups don't eat exactly the same foods, their diets are similar. All of them eat little animal meat. Their diets are full of fresh fruits, vegetables, nuts, grains, cheese and milk. They never eat more food than their bodies need.
It is clear that isolation from urban pressure and pollution, clean mountain air, daily hard work, moderate diets, good genes, and a youthful approach to life all lead to the health and remarkable long life of all these people.
The question is: "The idea of aging is foreign to them" means that   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:they don't care much about their age
B:they have no idea of how old they are
C:they won't say anything about their age until they are asked to
D:the idea of getting old has never come into their mindReading is a good hobby for all kinds of reasons. First , reading is fun. You can always keep yourself happy if like reading. You will never feel bored or tired. Next, you can read a book anywhere----in a car, on a plane, or even in the bathroom. All you need is a book! Another good reason for reading is that it is useful. If you read as a hobby, you will get better and better at it. And you will read faster and find it easier to understand what you read. As your reading skills improve, you will probably find your schoolwork becomes much better.
Some people say that reading is out of date  . This is not true. You can read on computers, and the better you read, the better your computer skills will be. Good readers may become writers, too. They always have more things to write about.
Reading is a wonderful hobby. Why not start reading ri ght now?
The question is: You can read a book   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:when you are driving a car
B:anywhere
C:only on a plane
D:only in the reading roomHow much do you know about school life in Singapore?
In Singapore, many middle school students spend a lot of time on their studies. People there always think that good schooling is the ticket to success  . So, many of these students try their best to get good results in their exams. They have a lot of homework every day and exams are usually a big problem to them. Sometimes, a few even have to go to evening classes after school.
Schools have many activities outside school hours. The students can join in sports and games, music and dance, swimming and rock-climbing. They also join in community service.
In their free time, most students like to listen to pop music. Hollywood movies, Hong Kong and Singapore movies are very popular, too. Some of them also spend their free time searching the Internet, e-mailing their friends, playing computer and video games.
They sometimes go to cafes, fast-food restaurants, shopping centers and big bookstores.
So life for middle school students in Singapore is not easy but rich and colorful.
The question is: The meaning of the last sentence in the passage is that   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:the middle school students' life in Singapore is easy
B:the middle school students' life ill Singapore is amazing
C:the middle school students' life in Singapore is boring
D:the middle school students' life in Singapore is hard, but it's interestingHave you ever heard about the Whale Inside Dark Restaurant? The restaurant is in eastern downtown Beijing. It's the first eat-in-the-dark restaurant in China, and also in Asia. The restaurant is so welcome, since it's open in January at jianwai SOHO in Chaoyang District.
People going there will experience darkness both during the day and the night. The restaurant offers not only a wonderful choice for food, but also a special environment for friends or parties.
Every day, Whale Inside receives at least 50 guests from everywhere around Beijing. About 10 per cent of them are foreigners.
The customers will go to the light to see the menu, and then they have to hand in all mobile phones, watches and other things that can give off light. They then move to the dark world. Waiters will lead them to the dark dining area. Of course, the waiters are all wearing special glasses that can make them see in the dark. Customers cannot see anything including their food or friends. They have to look for their spoons, drinks, and anything else.
Every table may get a "secret dish ". The guests will have one chance to guess what the dish is made of. Everyone who guesses it correctly can win a prize. "It is not easy," said the manager, "because without seeing it, only 30 per cent of the guests can get the answer."
The question is: Whale Inside is a place where people can   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:eat special dark food
B:choose any food they like
C:have meals in darkness
D:eat inside a whaleEveryone wants to be healthy. Food is very important. There are a lot of healthy food. You can eat more apples, bananas, oranges and tomatoes because fruits and vegetables are good for your health. But don't eat too much chocolate. It's not healthy food. Healthy food can make you grow and make you strong and happy. Remember there is a saying, "An apple a day keeps the doctor away". Sports can also keep you healthy. Get up early and play sports every day. Don't be lazy! You will be healthy and happy.
The question is: "An apple a day keeps the doctor away" means_.
The possible answers are:
A:The doctor goes away when he sees an apple.
B:The doctor runs away when you give him an apple.
C:You eat an apple a day and you can be healthy.
D:You can only eat apples, and the doctors will go away.Beijing-- During the 24-hour period ending at 4 pm on Sunday, China confirmed six new cases of human H7N9 bird flu  , including five in Zhejiang and one in Jiangsu.
The National Health and Family Planning Commission  said that a total of 102 H7N9 cases have been reported in China, including 20 that have died.
Of the total, 12 H7N9 patients have been _ from hospitals after receiving treatment, and the other 70 patients are being treated in designated  hospitals, according to the commission.
A total of 33 cases, including 11 that have died, have been reported in Shanghai. Twenty-four cases, including three deaths, have been reported in Jiangsu province, and 38 cases, including five deaths, in Zhejiang province. Anhui province has reported three cases, including one death. Beijing has reported one case and three have been reported in Henan province.
China officially confirmed the human cases infected  with the H7N9 virus since last month.
According to the commission, China's confirmed H7N9 cases are isolated  and there has been no sign of human to-human transmission .
The question is: We can probably read this passage in a(an)   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:story book
B:newspaper
C:advertisement
D:magazine"Basketball is not only for young people," my grandpa often says.
Grandpa is a retired   teacher. He likes basketball. He isn't tall or strong. And he can not run fast. But he is a member of a basketball team.
"I play for 15 minutes in every game," says Grandpa. "I can score 10 points   for my team." He is right. He is really good at basketball. I learn a lot from him.
Grandpa plays basketball with his friends. They play for about an hour every time. Sometimes their team comes to our school. And they play with our school team. Then the young students and the old people can have fun together.
"What is sport? Sport is a game to make people healthy and happy," Grandpa tells me.
The question is: How does my grandpa look?
The possible answers are:
A:He is tall.
B:He is fat.
C:He is short.
D:He is strong.This is a picture of a classroom. The classroom is big and clean. You can see a teacher's desk, five desks and six chairs. You can see a girl and a boy, too.
Three books are on the teacher's desk. A pencil box is on the desk. Two pens and two rulers are in the pencil box. A schoolbag is under a chair. A ball is on the floor. The girl is Linda; she is 11. The boy is Mike, he is 12. They are in Class Two, Grade one. They are friends. Their teacher is Miss Green. She is not here.
The question is: The two pens are  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:in the pencil box
B:on the teacher's desk
C:on the floor
D:under the chairLily is a healthy girl. She likes to eat vegetables and fruits every day. She has eggs, milk, bananas and bread for breakfast. For lunch, she likes sandwiches, carrots and apples. And she eats chicken, tomatoes, broccoli and fruit salad for supper. Sometimes she has ice cream or apple pies for dessert. She has a good friend, Henry. He is very fat, because he likes to eat much junk food, such as ice cream, chocolate, French fries, coke, popcorn and so on. He gets much fat from the unhealthy food.
The question is: Henry is  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:healthy
B:unhealthy
C:thin
D:tallMr and Mrs Smith just open a small restaurant. In order to attract customers ,they put a notice in front of the restaurant, and it says,"Meals on the House for Three Days. "
A foreign student comes to the place. He doesn't know much English. On the second day he happens to pass by the restaurant. It is lunch time and he feels Very hungry. "well, here is a restaurant. I am going to have something to eat."He walks to the restaurant when he sees the notice. "American people are really strange . They even eat dinners on the house! But how can I get up to the top of the house?"He says.
He looks around and finds a ladder near the restaurant. He is Very glad. But when he gets to the top, he hears someone shouting at him, "Hey! What are you doing up there?" Mr Smith and a policeman are standing there and looking at him.
"Doesn't your notice say 'Meals on the House for Three Days'? Is it a joke ?"the foreign student asks.
When they hear this, both Mr smith and the policeman laugh ."Do you know what ON THE HOUSE means ?Look it up in the dictionary ,"the policeman says.
The question is: The story is in  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:England
B:Australia
C:the USA
D:CanadaAir is always around us. It is around us when we walk and play. From the time we are born, air is around us. When we sit down, it is around us. When we go to bed, air is also around us. We live in air.
All the animals and plants need air. Living things can't live without air. We can live without food or water for a few days, but we can not live for more than a few minutes without air. We breathe in air. When we are walking or running, we need more air. When we are asleep, we need less air.
We live in air, but we can't see it. We can only feel it. We can feel it when it is moving. Moving air is called wind. How can we make air move? Here is one way. Hold and open a book in you hand in front of your face. Close it quickly! What you feel is the air.
The question is: Which of the following sentences is TRUE ?
The possible answers are:
A:Sometimes we don't live in air.
B:Air is not around us when we go to bed.
C:We can live happily without air.
D:We need more air when we are working or running.Man-made satellites have been sent up into space by many countries. These satellites go round the earth and help us to learn more about the earth, the weather and other things. Most countries use these satellites to sent and receive messages. For example, with their help China can send their programs to America, too. We can also use satellites to help us to make telephone calls to foreign countries.
The question is: Man-made satellites can also help us   _   to our friends on the other side of the world.
The possible answers are:
A:write down
B:send birthday presents
C:pay visit
D:make telephone callsWhen Bill is very young, he loves picture. His mother often draws some for him on old pieces of paper. She is very bad at drawing, but bill likes her pictures and always wants more. Then, when he is a little older, Bill's mother gives him some pencils and a drawing book, and he begins drawing pictures, too. But they are never good .When Bill is five years old, his mother gives him a small blackboard and some pieces of a baby on the blackboard, he draws lines  and rubs  them out too for ten minutes , but when he looks at his picture , he is not happy. "Well", he says at last  to his mother, "I'll put a tail  on it and make it a monkey."
The question is: Which of the following sentences is right?
The possible answers are:
A:Bill's mother does will in drawing.
B:bill isn't bad at drawing.
C:There are three people in the story.
D:Bill isn't happy when he looks at his picture of a babyWhen you get worried or stressed out about something, your heart beats faster, your stomach feels tight or you feel sick. Sometimes it is hard to get to sleep. Everything seems to go wrong at once. What should you do if you feel stressed? Here is some advice.
1Think about what it is that's making you feel bad.
2Talk over your problem with a friend or a trusted adult .
3Get help to do something with the problem if you need it.
4Plan your work if you are getting behind. Plan your time well so that you can fit everything in.
5Set yourself some goals to work your way through the problem.
6Make sure that you are getting enough exercise.
7Don't take on too much work. You don't have to do everything at once.
8Don't say "yes" when you'd like to say"no", and then you won't be worrying.
9Learn to relax. Soft, calming music can help you relax. Reading a book is a good way to relax, too.
The question is: To fit everything in you should   _   .
The possible answers are:
A:do something with your problems
B:get enough exercise
C:plan your time well
D:learn to relaxThere are 55 students in my class. They come from different places, so they go to school in different ways. Twenty students go to school on foot because they live near the school. Ten students ride the bikes to school because they live not far from the school. Ten students go to school by bus because they live far from the school. Ten students go to school in their parents' car. The other five students go to school by boat, because there is a river between their houses and the school.
The question is: Twenty students   _   to school because they live near the school.
The possible answers are:
A:walk
B:by bus
C:ride a bike
D:on footHi! I'm a Chinese girl. My name is Liu Wei. My English name is Sally. I'm twelve. I'm in Class 8, Grade 1. My English teacher is Mr. Lee. He is from New York. He is a good teacher. I don't know how old he is. My good friend is Jane. She is from Canada. She is in Class 8, Grade 1, too. She is eleven. Who's Linda? She is Jane's sister. Her name is Linda. She is six.
The question is: How old is Jane?
The possible answers are:
A:12.
B:11.
C:6.
D:8.In the world ,soccer is the most popular sport. This is because many countries have wonderful teams for the World Cup. The World Cup is held every four years.
To remember 2002 FIFA World Cup ,children from different countries and more than 60 children from Japanese schools came together and spent three weekends drawing a big picture called "Dream  World Cups "in Japan .The children drew animals, flowers and people playing soccer under a blue bright sky. They wished each soccer team good luck by drawing the flags of all the countries that would take part in the World Cup in Japan and South Korea.The picture was put up in a park near a playground in Yokohama .Some soccer teams would have games there.
Are you a soccer fan ?The World Cup makes more and more people interested in soccer.  Teenagers like playing and watching soccer .Many of them love some soccer stars so much that they get the pictures of their favourite players on the walls of their rooms. That is the way to show their love for the World Cup as children in Japan.As Chinese teenagers,if we stick on to our soccer dream,it will come true.Let's take action now.
The question is: The next World Cup was held in  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:2006
B:2007
C:2005
D:2004Windsor Castle is one of the most famous castles in the world.It lies in Windsor
Town,32 kilometers west of London City ,by the south bank of the River Thames.People built the
castle just outside of London to protect the capital of Britain.
Windsor Castle has a long and rich history.It began to be built in 1 066.People rebuilt it again and again during every period in history to today'S dimensions .For almost 1,000 years,the castle has been used as the family home of British kings and queens.It was also used as a prison during the English Civil War.Today ,Windsor Castle is the private home of Queen Elizabeth II.She spends most of her private weekends there.
Although it is still a living place of the royal family ,the public can visit much of the castle.It is one of the most popular sights in Britain.There,art lovers can enjoy some of the finest paintings by Rembrandt and Canaletto.Visitors can also take a look at George IV's private apartments.They are some of the most beautiful rooms in the castle.
The question is: Now Windsor Castle is the private home of  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:Rembrandt
B:Canaletto
C:Queen Elizabeth II
D:George IVEven kids know that we should wait for the traffic light to turn green before crossing a road, but not everybody follows this basic rule.
"Chinese style road crossing" has become a hot expression recently. Chinese people "cross roads without thinking about traffic lights, so long as they are part of a crowd", said a post on Sina Weibo.
A CCTV news program showed that in only an hour, more than 600 people ran red lights when crossing a road in Shijiazhuang, Hebei.
Many people say that they jaywalk   because the red light lasts too long. Such an opinion is supported by a research team at Tongji University.
The team did research on people's waiting times at different road crossings from 2008 to 2010. They found that Chinese people would wait for 70 to 90 seconds before they lost their patience.
"People are likely to run the red light when the waiting time is longer than they can bear  ,"said Ni Ying, a member of the research team.
However, a survey on Sina Weibo shows that nearly half of respondents   believe that people jaywalk mainly because they disregard   rules.
"I always obey  traffic rules. Time is important but safety should come first,"wrote "Qixiaoe"on Weibo.
Many countries give out punishments to jaywalkers. In Singapore, the maximum can be three months in prison. Some Chinese cities have started taking some actions, too. For example, the first three people in a jaywalking group will be fined   50 yuan in Shijiazhuang.
But calling on people to respect rules is more important. "To completely solve the problem, everyone should realize the importance of obeying the traffic rules,"Wang Jianping, a professor at Sichuan University, said to Huaxi Metropolis Daily.
The question is: How long will Chinese people wait for to cross the road before they lose patience?
The possible answers are:
A:Less than one minute.
B:About five minutes.
C:Less than one and a half minutes.
D:More than ten minutes.Where has the Time gone? is the hottest song that has moved thousands of Chinese. Chinese parents give their children endless love and want nothing from them. However, sometimes, daughters and sons are too busy growing up and forget that their parents are getting older and older. What should  we do? Let's have a look at a letter of a father's.
Dear son,
One day if you see me old and I am not myself, have patience and try to understand me. If I get dirty when eating.. ., if I cannot dress.. ., have patience. Remember the hours I spent teaching it to you. If, when I speak to you, I say the same things one thousand and one times, do not stop me and listen to me. When you were small, I had to read to you one thousand and one times the same story until you get to sleep.
When I do not want to have a shower, neither shame me nor scold  me. Remember when I had to chase you with a thousand excuses I made, in order that you wanted to bath.
When you see me meet something new, give me the necessary time and don't laugh at me. I taught you how to do so many things _  to eat well, to dress well... to face life.
If I do not want to eat, do not force me. I know well when I need to and when not. When my legs do not allow me to walk, give me your hand the same way I did when you gave your first steps.
When sometimes I lose the memory during our conversation, let me have the necessary time to remember. And if I cannot do it, do not become nervous because the most important thing is not my conversation but to be with you and to have you listen to me.
Yours,
Father
The question is: Who does the writer write this passage to?
The possible answers are:
A:Parents.
B:Daughters and sons.
C:Teachers.
D:Students.Every morning my father buys a newspaper on his way to work. Every evening my mother looks through magazines at home. And every night, I look at the posters with photos of David Beckham and Yao Ming on my bedroom wall before I go to sleep. Can we imagine life without paper or print?
Paper was first created about 2,000 years ago, and has been made from silk, cotton, bamboo, and, since the 19th century, from wood. People learned to write words on paper to make a book. But in those days, books could only be produced one at a time by hand. As a result, they were expensive and _ . And because there weren't many books, few people learned to read.
Then printing was invented in China. When printing was developed greatly at the beginning of the 11th century, books could be produced more quickly and cheaply. As a result, more people learned to read. After that, knowledge and ideas spread  quickly.
Today information can be received online, downloaded from the Internet rather than found in books, and information can be kept on CD-ROMs or machines such as MP5 players.
Computers are already used in classrooms, and newspapers and magazines can already be read online. So will books be replaced  by computers one day? No, I don't think the Yao Ming poster on my bedroom wall will ever be replaced by a computer two meters high!
The question is: What is the writer's opinion about books and computers'?
The possible answers are:
A:People won't need books any more
B:Books won't be replaced by computers.
C:People prefer to find information in books.
D:Computers have already replaced books.Have you ever heard the song called "Is there anyone who told you"? It may be impossible for you not to know the song and its singer.It is sung by the famous "Happy Boy" Chen Chusheng, who appeared on Hunan Satellite TV.He caught everyone's attention. Before the competition he was just a farmer's son who had never got professional trainings of any kind. As a child, Chusheng wasn't a good student, but he was very interested in music. He liked to listen to and sing his favorite songs again and again. Like many other parents, his parents also wanted him to go to college,but he failed.Chusheng had no choice but to help his brother repair bicycles and motorbikes.In Sanya, a small city in Hainan Province, Chen worked during the daytime while singing in different bars in the evening. He lived like that until the year 2000.
In 2000, Chen went to Shenzhen.He never expected that his first job in this new place would be _ food.He went on working in the daytime while singing in the evenings.His life was hard at that time.In the bar called Star-making Factories he met many famous local musicians.In the following several years, Chen, with his musical dream, attended many music contests throughout the country, winning prizes many times. Today,when we think about his success, we cannot help thinking that if one wants to be successful, he should work harder than others.
The question is: What was Chen Chusheng's life in Shenzhen like?
The possible answers are:
A:Enjoyable.
B:Interesting.
C:Comfortable.
D:Hard.Can you write down a Chinese word being read to you? Sometimes it can be difficult when you find the word is not included in most dictionaries.
Lu Jialei, 14, from Hangzhou Foreign Language School, won the CCTV Chinese Character   Spelling Contest on Oct 18th, 2013. About 160 people competed. The host read a word to the contestant, explained its meaning and gave sample sentences. The contestant was required to write down the word.
Winning the contest was a "surprise" to Lu. "I was not the smartest one," she said. "But I paid attention to details." To prepare for the contest, she and her teammates studied the Modern Chinese Dictionary for 10 days. There are more than 56,000 entries   including characters, words and phrases in it. She also had a secret weapon. She studied how Chinese characters were formed.
"When others paid attention to the plot of a story, she looked at how authors use words and sentences to express themselves," said Su Yunsheng, Lu's Chinese teacher. Su is happy to see students like Lu find the beauty of Chinese language.
"Besides using something Chinese and having Chinese traditional festivals, learning to write Chinese characters is also an important part of inheriting   Chinese culture," said Su.
The question is: Lu Jialei's secret weapon was that   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:she paid attention to details
B:she was the smartest contestant
C:she found the beauty of Chinese language
D:she studied how Chinese characters were formedWelcome to London! Now let me tell you something about this wonderful city. London, the capital of the United Kingdom, is the biggest city in Western Europe with over 7 million people. It sits by the River Thames. London has a history of more than 2,000 years. Because of its long history and different cultures, London is a very famous city in the world. People all over the world are familiar with the city's red double-decker buses and black taxis.
People
The British Empire   used to rule around the world, so many people from around the world moved to London. They have brought with them their own languages and cultures. More than 300 different languages are spoken in London.
Culture
London is known for its many museums. One important museum is the British Museum. It is the oldest public museum in the world. There are two main art museums in London: the National Gallery   and the Tate Gallery  . Besides, London is also home to arts, such as theatre and music. The Globe Theatre, which was popular in the late 16th and early 17th centuries, was opened for performances of William Shakespeare's plays.
Tourist attractions
London has many wonderful places to visit. For example, the well-known Clock Tower, a 320-foot high tower, was called the Big Ben. Another famous London building is Buckingham Palace. The members of royal family of England live there. Besides, Hyde Park is the largest open area in central London.
The question is: How many museums are mentioned   in London according to the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:Two.
B:Three.
C:Four.
D:Five.When you finish high school or university, is learning done? The answer is "no". In many countries, people continue learning all their lives. Why is lifelong learning important? How can it help you? Let's look at one example of lifelong learning in Japan.
Why is lifelong learning important?
You go to school and learn. You take tests. But learning doesn't only happen in school. And learning doesn't stop when you graduate from high school or college. You are learning all the time. For example, learning can happen when you go to a museum. It can also happen when you get a job. You learn when you play a sport or when you take a trip. Learning is life! We never stop learning. Every day, you can improve yourself by learning something new.
Lifelong learning in Japan
In Japan, life learning is very important. People in Japan like to try new learning activities. Except music calligraphy, flower arranging, and foreign languages are some of their favorite classes. The Japanese take classes to improve their skills and learn new things.
Conclusion
When we graduate from school, we can continue to learn. Make lifelong learning one of your goals!
The question is: Why is lifelong learning important?
The possible answers are:
A:It helps you improve yourself.
B:It's the best way to learn.
C:It's fun and easy.
D:It's an important goal.Today, people want to be healthy by doing sports and exercise. But some of them have some wrong ideas about it.
"A plate of chicken is a good meal before games because it has much energy ."
In fact , the best meal before games should have carbohydrates  . Food like potatoes, bread, bananas are rich in it, but chicken and meat are not.
"The best time to exercise is early in the morning."
Morning is a good time to exercise, but it may not be good for you. If afternoon or evening is OK for you, and you enjoy the feeling of getting healthier, you can choose  any time to exercise. So there is no _ time for you to exercise.
"If you drink water when you exercise, you'll feel tired."
You must have some water during breaks   when you exercise. And after exercising, you must have enough water. If you don't drink enough water, then you may feel tired.
" Exercising every day is quite important."
Wrong. Too much exercise is bad for our health. You have to give your body a day of rest.
The question is: Before games it is good for you to eat   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:bananas
B:chicken
C:meat
D:fishIt was the Greek shopkeeper who taught me about the power of being kind.
In 2008, I left Spain to study alone in London. My parents had to bring up  my three younger sisters and two younger brothers, so I found three part-time jobs to pay for my studies. I worked early mornings and late nights, so I was tired, really tired, all the time.
Unluckily, I got a cold and had a very high fever. Because I was new in London, I had no friends. Besides, I was too shy to talk with others and ask others for help. After sleeping on the bed for two days, I went out to get some food. Usually, I went to the supermarket, but this time I went into the Greek shop, a small corner shop, because it was closer.
I picked up some food and gave it to the shopkeeper, who asked me, 'You look terrible, my boy! You are not feeling well, right?'
I said YES in a low voice.
She pointed at the salami   and bread I was buying and offered, 'I can make you a sandwich, so you don't have to do it yourself.'
I nodded without saying a word.
So, she made the sandwich and asked me to wait a moment. She went into the back room and came again with a bowl of hot soup.
'It will warm you up,' she said with a friendly smile.
What really warmed me up was not the soup. It was her smile that told me she cared me. Her kindness  made me think of my mother.
I was quite shy, but from that day on, I did not let shyness stop me from talking with and being kind to others. Now I work in a children's hospital in Africa. I love my work and people around me. I always bring my smile and kindness to them.
The question is: When did the writer leave for London?
The possible answers are:
A:In 2003.
B:In 2009.
C:In 2008.
D:10 years ago.There is a saying, "An apple a day keeps the doctor away." Although eating properly is important, being kind to others is also good tor your health. Studies show that people who perform kind acts are more relaxed, happier, and healthier than other people.
In one study at Arizona State University researchers, found that many volunteers experienced a sudden feeling of joy, followed by a long period of calm, after performing a kind act.  This feeling, called "a help's high" may actually help reduce stress   as the body releases   naturally painkillers.
Stress can cause' serious health problems, and heart depression, and .sleeping problems. However, the study found that volunteers had fewer *stress-related health problems when they did helpful things for other people.
The study also found that people who did nice things for others felt better about themselves as well. They had higher self-esteem  , and were' happier. Many believe this is because volunteers spend more of their time with other people. People who are more outgoing are often healthier.
Another study at the University of Michigan's Survey Research Center confirmed the health benefits of volunteering. A ten-year study showed that people who volunteered live longer than those who didn't. Although you shouldn't need a reason to be helpful, it is nice to know that kindness may help you live longer.
The question is: According to the reading   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:it is better to be kind than to eat well
B:kindness can help you feel healthy
C:an apple a day can keep doctors away
D:eating correctly makes one happy and healthyAt my school, we have a lot of interesting activities after class. Among these activities, I like the English Party best. Every September, we have an evening party. It starts at 8:00 pm. The students do different things at the evening party. Some sing English songs with our foreign friends. Some girls dance. Some other people play the piano, the violin and the drums when they are singing or dancing. Also, we play some interesting games together. Everyone is happy and has a good time at the party. Usually, the party lasts three hours, but we feel the time is too short. Happy hours always pass so quickly.
:
The question is: When do we usually have the English evening party?
The possible answers are:
A:In September
B:In October
C:In December
D:In JulyHawaii is a truly beautiful place. Most people know Hawaii for its lovely beaches. However, Hawaii is also a land full of legends . One of the oldest legends tells of a special dance called the hula, which started here around 300 years ago.
One hula teacher tells the story of how the dance started. "The hula started, as far as the legend tells it, when Hi'iaki and her good friend Hopoe went down to the beach. And then, when they were there, they noticed the waves ...and they imitated the waves. And then started to use their hands...like showing the waves.That is how the hula started."
However,not everyone has always liked the hula.In 1820,some religious  people from Western countries came to Hawaii.The visitors were shocked by the hula because the dancers were not wearing many clothes.So they asked the local government to ban  the dance.
After that,most Hawaiians were not allowed to perform the hula in public for almost 60 years.But that did not mean the dancing stopping.Many dances still performed the hula in secret.The dance was always there.
Things have changed.At the moment,people of all ages want to study the old culture.They want to learn how to dance the hula.As a result,more and more people are attending halaus. Halaus are special schools that hula in the traditional way.
Kumano is a hula teacher. For him, the dance is a way to bring the best of old Hawaii culture to people today. Kumano says that the dance is not really about the body.He feels that it is more about the mind.He explains this feelings,"...the hula is more... not so much a physical thing,but more of a mental thing.For new dances,the dancing means very little,because for Hawaiians today,many of them don't speak the Hawaiian language. So,what I try to do is to mind the real thing they see today."
The question is: What can we learn from the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:Hi iaki and her good friend Hopoe got the idea of the dance from nature.
B:The hula had already had a history had a history of over 200 years when it was banned.
C:Many people attend hulaus because they teach the hula in a modern way.
D:Kumano thinks that the hula dance is good exercise for people of all ages.Once upon a time if we wanted to make a phone call or wait for someone to contact us, we had to sit at home or at our desks. There were public phones in the street of course, _ . And of course you had to bring a lot of coins to pay for the calls.
So people didn't phone their friends as often. Mobile phones, these small pieces of electronic equipment which allow us to talk with friends and family while we are on the move, have greatly changed the way we live. Before the age of the mobile phone, our loved ones would sit around worried sick if we were late coming home. There were no quick calls to tell mum that there would be additional guests coming for dinner. We would have to depend on notes left on fridges or desks to communicate messages.
But mobile phones have also had a negative effect and what people don't seem to realize is that we've lost something very valuable: our privacy. Now our friends and family can contact us wherever and whenever they want to. We can never get away from them. The way people communicate with each other is totally different now. It's difficult to have a conversation face-to-face with a friend without being disturbed every couple of minutes by the ring of their phones, ,most people don't see anything wrong in having a long conversation on their mobile phone while forgetting all about the person sitting opposite. It seems the art of real conversation may be dying.
Of course, people could leave their mobile phones at home or even switch them off but no one ever does that. Why not? Because the worrying thing is we can't live without our phones. We've become communication addicts, unable to spend even a few minutes out of contact, in case we miss something  'important'.
The question is: What's the writer's main argument against mobile phones?
The possible answers are:
A:They have damaged relationships.
B:We give out too much information.
C:They are harmful to our body and mind.
D:It's impossible to escape from them.Mr. Jackson was a doctor in a small town. He was very absent-minded  . One afternoon, he went to visit a friend who lived not far from the town. They had dinner together and then talked and talked, for Mr. Jackson was very fond of talking. It was already midnight, then one o'clock, two o'clock and still Mr. Jackson kept on talking. But this time the friend was feeling very tired and kept looking at the clock on the wall. He didn't want to be impolite , but at last he said, "Charles, my dear friend, I don't want to put you out, but I have to go to work at six tomorrow morning, I must go to bed now. " "Oh, my God!" said Mr. Jackson in surprise. "I thought you were at my house. "
The question is: After reading the story, you know Mr. Jackson was  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:careful
B:careless
C:on duty
D:helpfulOne cold winter morning, an old woman had to go to see her doctor. When she walked into the doctor's office, she told him that her right leg hurt and sometimes she could not walk. She asked him what was wrong. She told him that she had never had such a feeling before.
The doctor checked the old woman carefully, then he said, "You're in good health for a woman of your age. I think the trouble in your right leg is just a matter of old age catching up with you. We get all kinds of illness as we get older. The trouble will almost certainly end in spring."
"I don't think so, doctor!" she said. "My left leg is well, and it's the same age as my right one."
The question is: What did the doctor think of the woman?
The possible answers are:
A:She was young enough
B:She was not ill
C:She got all kinds of illnesses
D:She must do a lot of exercise in springMrs Jones was still cleaning the house when her husband came back from work. She was wearing dirty, old clothes and no stockings   and her hair was not tidy. She looked dirty and tired. Her husband looked at her and said, "Is this what I come home to see after a hard day's work?"
Mr Jones' neighbour, Mrs Smith, was there. When she heard Mr Jones' words, she quickly said goodbye and ran back to her house. Then she washed and combed   her hair carefully, put on her best dress and her most beautiful stockings, painted her face, and waited for her husband to come home.
When he arrived, he was tired. He walked slowly into the house, saw his wife and stopped. Then he shouted angrily, " And where are you going this evening ?"
The question is: What did Mr Jones feel when he saw his wife?
The possible answers are:
A:He felt very happy.
B:He felt nothing.
C:He was pleased to see his wife.
D:He felt unhappy.One afternoon, Kate and her brother Bob went out to play.Kate was eight, and Bob was ten."Let's go to the bridge and we can see fish in the river." said Kate.
"I don't know..." Bob said."Mum told us, 'don't go on the bridge.' She said it's dangerous."
Kate said, "I am not afraid.Are you?"
They walked onto the bridge and began looking for fish in the river.The bridge was a train bridge.Trains went over the bridge three times a day.
The children were standing in the middle of the bridge when they heard a loud noise."A train is coming!" Bob shouted."Run!" He ran to the end of the bridge.He was safe.
Kate ran, too, but she fell.The train was coming fast.Kate ran towards Bob.She fell again right on the train tracks .There was no time to leave.She had to lie down between the tracks.A few seconds later, the train went over the girl, but she was not hurt at all.She stood up and said to Bob, "Don't tell Mum! Don't tell Mum!"
At last their mother found out about the story.She was angry because they went on the bridge.But she was happy that Kate was all right.
The question is: When their mother knew about the story, she was  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:happy
B:angry
C:sorry
D:both angry and happyMost people have jobs. They go to work nearly every day. Some people are lucky, because they have very interesting jobs. Some people must take a long time to learn how to do their jobs. For example, to be a doctor, one should study for at least five years.
Some young people have very interesting and high-paying jobs. Many young athletes are very successful. Football and tennis players are usually under 35 years old, for older people can't play these sports very well. They can't move fast enough. Golf, however, is a good sport for older people. Many golf players are quite old, but they can still play golf very well.
Most people work until they are about 60 years old. Then they _ and have a lot of free time. Some people never retire. These people usually have interesting jobs. Writers, artists, scientists and actors usually work till they are very old.
,.
The question is: Which sport can old people play?
The possible answers are:
A:Football.
B:Tennis.
C:Basketball.
D:Golf.Passage 1
The question is: Edward's best subject is    _    .
The possible answers are:
A:Science
B:English
C:geography
D:HistoryWhy is 2004 a special year? Because it is a Leap Year  .
What's so special about that? Well, we have a Leap Year every four years. And it has 366 days, not the usual   365. In a Leap Year, we have 29 days in February, while in a usual year we have only 28 days.
Why do we have a Leap Year? We have a Leap Year so we can keep the calendar   in step with the seasons. The calendar is a kind of clock for the year. But how long is a year? A calendar year is 365 days. But a true year is 365 days, 5 hours, 48 minutes and 46 seconds long. That's the time it takes the earth to go around the sun. So every four years we have one more day, and we put it at the end of February, the shortest month of a year. Then we have a Leap Year.
The question is: It takes the earth   _   to go around the sun.
The possible answers are:
A:a day
B:a year
C:a little longer
D:than 365 daysThe Dragon Boat festival is very popular in China, it usually comes in May or June. On that day, people eat a special food--- rice dumplings. It is known as dragon-boat racing. Dragon-boat racing is the most popular activity during the festival. A dragon boat looks like a dragon, and is painted in red, white, yellow or black. Usually, a dragon boat is 20 to 40 metres long, and needs 20 people to row. Boatmen row the boat in cadence   with the drumbeats , and a man in the front of the boat waves a small flag to help coordinate  the rowing.
Dragon-boat racing becomes a popular activity in South China. International  dragon-boat racing is held in Guangzhou and Hong Kong every year.
The question is: If you want to watch international dragon-boat racing, you can go to   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:Guangxi and Guangzhou
B:Guangzhou and Fujian
C:Guangzhou and Hong Kong
D:Hong Kong and GuangxiFrom March 12 to 17 of each year, hundreds of clowns get together in the Bonior Regis Town, UK. They all wear tall blue hats and big red noses with colorful faces.
The first International Clown Festival was in 1987, UK. All the clowns from all over the world came together to celebrate the great festival in England.
During the festival, people can see clowns from the world. They are together for the world of clown shows. They try their best to please all the people for the festival. In the shows, they have big feet, funny noses and look really funny. They sing and dance in a strange way to make people laugh. All people for the festival can have great fun. Of course, children like this interesting festival best.
Now women can take part in the clown shows , and they are very popular. But in the old days, only men could be clowns.
There are different kinds of clowns like white faces, red faces, street clowns and clowns for children. All these clowns are popular with people.
The question is: Which is the best title of the article?
The possible answers are:
A:The International Clown Festival
B:Men clowns and women clowns
C:Different kinds of strange festival
D:Different kinds of clowns in the festivalIn ancient times, there was a painter. He was good at painting flowers and birds. But he never stopped practicing until he became very famous.
An emperor of China also loved paintings,especially roosters . So he asked the famous painter to paint a rooster for him. He wanted the rooster to be the best among all his collections.
The painter promised to do so. The emperor waited and waited for one year.,but he didn't get the picture. He couldn't waited to see the painter. He became angry and wanted to kill him. So the painter hurried into the palace with paper,paint and a brush. In five minutes, a perfect rooster was on the paper.
After seeing this,the emperor became much angrier. "Since you can paint a rooster in five minutes, why did you keep me waiting for over a year?"he asked.
"Your Majesty ,"said the artist. "I will let you know why.But you'll have to come with me. " he invited the emperor to his house. There, there were piles and piles of paper. On every piece of paper was a painting of a rooster.
"Your Majesty ,"said the painter. "It took me more than one year to improve my painting skill in order to paint a perfect rooster for you.
The question is: In fact, during the whole year the painter  _
The possible answers are:
A:escaped from the emperor to live quietly
B:worked hard at practice drawing roosters
C:was invited to other places to draw roosters
D:drew piles and piles of paper to make a livingHere is some information about some of the wonders of the world. I am sure you will be interested in them.
The Pyramids of Egypt
There are about eighty pyramids known today. The most well-known was for Pharaoh  Khufu. It is known as the "Great Pyramid". It's also the largest one. Workers used about 2.3 million blocks of stone to build it. (A)20. 
The Hanging Gardens of Babylon
The garden sat on a hill. It was a large and wonderful structure . Many parts of the garden were high up on large columns . There were many big and green trees with lovely flowers. Although there are many different ideas about the garden, we are not sure whether this wonder ever existed !
The Lighthouse of Alexandria
The Lighthouse of Alexandria was designed about 2,000 years ago. It was in Egypt, too. (B) It was one of the ancient wonders of the world, about 135 metres high. It was once the highest building in the world. Although it doesn't exist now, many people come to see its relic  every year.
The question is: The passage has talked about   _   wonders of the world.
The possible answers are:
A:one
B:two
C:three
D:fourTom's tenth birthday is on this Sunday. His parents give him a birthday party on Saturday. They help him invite   Mike, Simon and two other friends. The party is at Tom's home.
Tom's father buys nice food on the morning of Saturday. Mike brings Tom some interesting books. Simon buys a volleyball for Tom. Others give Tom some CDs. They have lunch at twelve thirty in the afternoon. After lunch, the boys and girls sing and dance happily. The party is over   at four o'clock in the afternoon.
The question is: What can we learn from the passage  ?
The possible answers are:
A:The party is at Tom's school.
B:Tom's mother buys some food.
C:Tom's party is on Saturday.
D:The party is over in the evening.Overweight is one of the biggest health problems now. Being overweight affects more than how you look. Too much fat can kill you. What's worse, overweight children turn into overweight adults . If you're obese now, you probably will grow into an obese adult. But here's good news. You can fight overweight.
Change your eating habits.
You are what you eat, Kids like snacks. Did you list any healthy snacks? One study of eating habits showed that soft drinks are the first in the snack list. Next, kids choose salty snacks, like chips .What's more, the list is full of junk food from No.3 to No.11. Finally, No.12, kids picked a healthy snack--fruit, So, think about your snack choice again.
Get outside to exercise
Jim, a player on his school football team, had a weight problem not long time ago. He could never get anyone to play with him. So his father and he started playing football for a few minutes every night. Ten minutes turned into an hour or more. In just a few years, the heavy kid became athletic, fit and healthy.
More TV means more fat
Nearly every American kid watches TV for 2 hours and 56 minutes every day that adds up to 44 days a year of sitting. More TV (or more Internet surfing, or more computer games) means more fat.
Eat an apple a day, walk around the house, play with your family...Do it today, and do it more tomorrow. It will help you a lot.
The question is: According to the passage, kids put  _  at the end of the snack list in one study of eating habits.
The possible answers are:
A:chips
B:ice cream
C:fruit
D:soft drinksI often dreamed about Pisa when I was a boy .I read about the famous building called the Leaning Tower of Pisa. But when I read the word Pisa, I was thinking of pizza. I thought this tower was a place to buy pizza. It must be the best place to buy pizza in the world, I thought.
Many years later finally saw the Leaning Tower . I knew then that it was Pisa and no pizza. But there was still something special about it for me. The tower got its name because it really does lean to one side. Some people want to try to fix it. They are afraid it may fall over and they don't like it leans over city.
I do not think it's a good idea to try to fix it. The tower probably will not fall down. It is 600 years old. Why should anything happen to it now? And , if you ask me, I like what it looks like. To me it is a very human kind of leaning. Nothing is perfect, it seems to say.
And who cares? Why do people want things to be perfect? Imperfect things may be more interesting. Let's take the tower in Pisa. Why is it so famous? There are many other older, more beautiful towers in Italy. But Pisa tower is the most famous. People come all over the world to see it.
The question is: The writer  _
The possible answers are:
A:doesn't like what the tower looks like
B:likes what the tower looks like
C:thinks it's the most beautiful tower in Italy
D:doesn't like towersEarly to bed, early to rise , makes a man healthy, wealthy and wise.
This is an old English saying. Have you heard it before? It means that we must go to bed early in the evening and get up early in the morning. If we do, we shall be healthy. We shall also be rich (wealthy) and clever (wise).
Is this true? Perhaps it is. The body must have enough sleep. Children need ten hours' sleep every night. If you do not go to bed early, you cannot have enough sleep. Then you cannot think properly and you cannot do your work properly. You will not be wise and you may not become wealthy!
Some people go to bed late at night and get up late in the morning. This is not good for them. We must sleep at night when it is dark. The dark helps us to sleep properly, When the daylight comes, we must get up. This is the time for exercise. Exercise means doing things with the body. Walking, running, jumping, swimming, and playing games are all exercise. If the body is not used, it becomes weak. Exercise keeps it strong. Exercise helps the blood  to move around inside the body. This is very important. The brains in our heads also need blood. We think with our brains. If we keep our bodies healthy, and take exercise, we can think better.
Our bodies also need air to breathe. Without air we die. We must have a lot of clean, fresh air to breathe if we want to be healthy.
The question is: We will be healthy if we  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:work at night
B:eat well
C:go to bed early and get up early
D:get up lateMany years ago, there was an old man who had four sons. He wanted his sons to learn not to judge  things too quickly. So he told them to go and look at a pear tree. It was far away from his home. The first son went in winter, the second in spring, the third in summer, and the youngest son in autumn.
When the sons came back, the old man asked them to say what they had seen. The first son complained the tree was ugly. The second son said the tree was covered with buds  and full of hope. The third son said the tree was full of green leaves. They looked so beautiful, and it was the most wonderful thing he had ever seen. The youngest son said that the tree was bowed  down with heavy fruits. It was full of life and fulfillment .
The man explained that all of his sons were right, but each of them had seen just one season of the tree. He told them that they couldn't judge a tree or a person by only one season. "If you give up when it's winter, you will miss the hope of your spring, the beauty of your summer, and the fulfillment of your autumn." said the old man.
It is true that we shouldn't let the hard season break the happiness of the other seasons. Never give up during the difficult days and better times are sure to come some day.
The question is: What's the main idea of this passage?
The possible answers are:
A:Every tree has four seasons.
B:Father's love is great.
C:Don't judge a life by one difficult time.
D:Life is different for everyone.Hello, dear friends! I'm Jenny. Please look at this photo. The girl in red is me. I'm 13. I have a sister and two brothers. My sister, Linda, is 15. She likes red and green. She has two red rulers and a green pencil case. She also likes sports and she has a great sports collection. She has five baseballs, three basketballs and two volleyballs. The baseballs and basketballs are under her bed. The volleyballs are under her chair. . And she is in the baseball club.
My brothers are Alan and Tom. Alan is 14 and Tom is 8.Alan likes English very much, and he is in the English club. He has many English books and English tapes. But Tom only likes watching TV. He watches it every evening.
The question is: _  has many English tapes.
The possible answers are:
A:Jenny
B:Linda
C:Tom
D:AlanA thousand years ago, Hong Kong was covered by a thick forest. As more and more people came to live in Hong Kong, these trees were cut down and burnt.  Now there is no forest left, though there are still some small areas covered with trees. We call these woods.
Elephants, tigers and many other animals were living in the thick forest. When people came to live in Hong Kong, the animals began to die out. Early farmers grew rice and kept pigs and chickens in the valleys. They cut down the trees and burnt them. They needed fire to keep themselves warm in winter, to cook their food and to keep away the dangerous animals. Elephants quickly disappeared because there was not enough food for them. Many other animals soon died in the same way.
You might think that there are no longer any animals in Hong Kong except in 2005. But there are still about 36 different animals living there. One of the most interesting of Hong Kong's animals is the barking deer. These are beautiful little animals with a rich brown coat and a white patch under the tail. They look like deer but they are much smaller. They are less than two feet high. They make a noise rather like a dog barking. In Hong Kong the barking deer has only a real enemy---- men. People hunt these little animals though it is illegal, There are now not many barking deer left. So it is important for people to protect wild animals.
The question is: The   _   began to die out when people came to live in Hong Kong.
The possible answers are:
A:animals
B:pigs
C:trees
D:chickensMr and Mrs Brown come from Sydney . They have two children, Jim and Kate. They are all in Sanya now.
Mr Brown likes swimming and reading, too. They often go swimming in the afternoon. Jim and Kate like playing games. They often play games with Chinese boys and girls.
Jim's uncle works in a restaurant near Sydney. He likes swimming, too. He wants to work in Sanya and to be a swimmer. But he can't speak Chinese. So he is still there and goes to Chinese classes every week.
The question is: Jim's uncle likes   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:reading
B:playing games
C:his work
D:swimmingSchool Open Day  
Dear students,
We have some interesting and fun things for you this term. On September 9th 2014, we have a School Open Day. It begins at 9:00 a.m. and finishes at 4:00 p.m. All parents can come to our school, have a cup of coffee, and meet our teachers and other parents.
Your parents can go to your children's classrooms, have a talk with the principal  , have a look at the clubs and ask any questions. From 11:30 a.m. to 12:30 a.m, the parents can go to Room 106 for lunch. If you have any questions about the School Open Day, you can call John Smith --- the principal. The telephone number is 021-4899688.
Welcome to our school and join us.
School: Apple Tree Middle School
The question is: The parents can be in the school for   _   hours.
The possible answers are:
A:one
B:three
C:seven
D:eightMaybe you've heard of many musical bands, but have you heard of Little Big Town, a country musical group? There are four members in this band, Karen Fairchild, Kimberly Schlapman, Jimi Westbrook and Phillip Sweet. They had a hard time when they began their band at first, but they didn't give up. Now it becomes very popular.
"We take care of each other and we take care of the music," Karen Fairchild once said after one of their shows. As a fan of this band, I once had a chance to hang out with the members of Little Big Town. We talked about their hard beginning. At that time, they even didn't have their own stage.
Fairchild also told me how the four of them were together when they were in trouble. Not only did they stand together on stage but also in their daily life. For example, they were right there when Phillip Sweet was caring for his daughter for the first time. They encouraged Kimberly Schlapman when they found her husband _ . At that time Kimberly was very sad to lose her husband. "When we have lived such a hard life together, it bonds   us tightly," Phillip Sweet said. "We find true happiness is the joy of doing what we do for a living. We love the hard beginning. We also love the wonderful future."
The question is: What is Little Big Town?
The possible answers are:
A:It's a rock musical group.
B:It's a country musical group.
C:It's a small town.
D:It's a piece of music.Will it matter if you don't have your breakfast? There were a test in the US. People of different ages, from 12 to 83, took the test. During the test, these people got all kinds of breakfasts and sometimes they got no breakfast at all. Scientists wanted to see how well they worked after they ate different kinds of breakfasts.
The result shows that if a person eats a right breakfast , he or she will work better than if he or she has no breakfast. If a student has fruit, eggs, bread and milk before going to school, he will learn more quickly and listen more carefully in class.
The result is different from what some people think. It shows having no breakfast will not help them lose weight.  This is because they become so hungry at noon that they eat too much for lunch. In fact, they will gain weight.  But they will lose more weight if they _ other meals.
The question is: From the passage, some people think if they don't have breakfast, they will
The possible answers are:
A:be healthier
B:work better
C:lose weight
D:gain weightHello! I'm Sally Hand. I'm an English girl. I'm in EEC Middle School. Here's a picture of my room.
A bed, a desk and a chair are in it. They are green. A computer is on the desk. Next to the computer is my telephone. It's red. My phone number is 523-6851. I always call my cousin in the evening. He is in China. Can you see a ring? It's on the desk, too. What's that under the chair? It's my dog. It's Kelly. Kelly is always under the chair. Can you see a tape player on the bed? It's mine. Some tapes are on the bed, too.
The question is: Here's a picture of her   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:family
B:school
C:dog
D:roomMost people want to work, but in today's word ,it is more difficult to find work for everybody.The economics of the world need to grow by 4% each year just to keep the old number of jobs for people.
Often this is not possible,and so more people are out of work.
Some people have no jobs now because new machines can do the work of many people do in a short time.Also, machines do not ask for more money and longer holidays. In all the countries of the world, machines are taking work from people ,not only in factories but also on the farms.
One machine can often do the work of forty people. About 75,000 people are moving to the cities a day to look for jobs ,but only 70% of them can find jobs .
The question is: About machines,which of the following is NOT RIGHT?  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:Machines can do the work of many people do in a short time.
B:Machines do not ask for more money and holidays.
C:Two machines can do the work of eighty people.
D:Machines cant't take work from people at all.Dear Peter,
My name is Frank. I am from America. Here is a picture of my friends. We are in the same grade. Look at the picture, in the middle, you can see my friend Jimmy. He likes all the sports. He likes to eat apples and French fries. You can see Helen in the picture, too. Helen likes math. Her favorite food is meat. But Sandra doesn't like math. Look, Sandra is here in the picture. She can speak French. She likes ping-pong. Behind her, there is a girl. She is Sally. She is a black girl. She likes to swim. And she likes to eat ice cream. Maria and Rick are behind Jimmy. Maria likes computer very much. She plays computer games very well. Rick is fun. He can play soccer ball. He likes strawberries best. I like math, too. I like to eat bananas. All of us think Beijing Opera is fun. So we go to see it. But we can't _ the words. So we don't want to see it again. But my father likes it very much. He often watches it. He can understand it. One interesting thing:two of my English friends can understand it, too. They are Maya and Kelsey. They are not in the picture. They often go to see Beijing Opera like my father.
Can you send me a picture of your friends.
Yours,
Frank
The question is: Why don't Frank and his friends in the picture want to see Beijing Opera again?
The possible answers are:
A:Because Beijing Opera is boring
B:Because Beijing Opera is bad
C:Because Beijing Opera is fun
D:Because they can't understand it.When I'm in trouble, I always take out a book and read quietly. I put my heart into it so that I'll forget all the troubles. I've formed the habit of reading in this way.
When I was a little boy, I was interested in picture books and storybooks. When I was a middle school student, I began to read novels, plays, essays   and so on. I found I could get much from them. Little by little I took great interest in literature   and last term I won the first prize in the composition contest among middle school students in our city.
Reading The Emperor's New Clothes, I had to let out a burst of laughter over his silly action. The Little Match Girl couldn't keep me from crying for her misery  . Robinson Crusoe took me into a strange world full of danger. And I was also deeply impressed   by Helen Keller's perseverance  . Besides these, books also tell me other things -- how to be a brave man and how to tell the difference between the right and the wrong. In a word, good books can make me know what I didn't know before. So I think of good books as my best friends.
I'll never forget this famous saying, "Good books are the best friends who never turn their backs upon us."
The question is: Why does the writer think of good books as his best friends?
The possible answers are:
A:Because they can make him know what he didn't know before.
B:Because they can make him enjoy himself.
C:Because they can tell him interesting stories.
D:Because they have beautiful pictures.Look at this photo. 1 _ . He has two sisters. 2 _ . The other one in the yellow dress is his sister, Mary. Rose and Mary have the same age. They look the same. They are 3 _ . John and his sisters are in different schools.4 _ . Their dad and mom are English teachers. They like their students. The family are happy.
,. (10)
:
The question is: 1.
The possible answers are:
A:The boy is Jhon.
B:The boy name is Jone
C:The boy are John
D:The boy isn't John
:
2, .Hi, I am a Chinese boy. My name is Chen Haonan. My first name is Haonan. My last name is Chen. My English name is Dale. I like red. My telephone number is 178-267. I have a good friend. He is English. His name is Jim Smith. Jim is his first name and Smith is his last name. His Chinese name is Huang Qiang. His phone number is 362-597.
The question is: _   is my good friend.
The possible answers are:
A:Tom Smith
B:Jim Smith
C:Dale
D:Chen HaoOnce upon a time, there lived a rich man. He had a servant  . He and the servant loved wine and good food very much. Each time the rich man left his home, the servant would drink the wine and eat up all the nice food in the house. The rich man knew what his servant did, but he had never caught his servant doing that.
One morning, when he left home, he said to the servant, "Here are two bottles of poison   and some nice food in the house. You must take good care of them." With these words, he went out.
But the servant knew that the rich man had said was untrue. After the rich man was away from his home, he enjoyed a nice meal. Because he drank too much, he was drunk and fell to the ground. When the rich man came back, he couldn't find his food and his wine. He became very angry. He woke the servant up. But the servant told his story very well. He said a cat had eaten up everything. He was afraid to be punished , so he drank the poison to kill himself.
The question is: In fact,   _   ate all the nice food and drank the wine.
The possible answers are:
A:the servant
B:cat
C:the rich man
D:nobodyWhat would turkeys do if they could think like us? Maybe the first thing is to run away from our dinner!
That's the idea of Reggie and Jake. They are two turkeys in the new movie Free Birds (<<>> ).
On Thanksgiving Day, people in the United States eat turkeys. But why? Reggie and Jake want a change.
In a time machine, they go back to the first Thanksgiving in 1621.
Reggie liked to be alone  . But this time, he learns to become part of a team to make a big change.
The question is: The first thing for Reggie and Jake to do is to  _
The possible answers are:
A:run away from people's dinner
B:have a big dinner
C:think like us
D:act in the moviesDear editor,
My English teacher is very strict with us. Several days ago, when we were in class, Tom asked me a question. But my English teacher thought we were speaking in class. She asked us to stand at the back of the classroom for a few minutes. This made me unfair. After that, I feel nervous in her class, so I don't like her class. However, I really want to learn English well. What should I do?
Yours,
Mike
Dear Mike,
I am sorry you are having difficulty with your English class. Every teacher wants his or her students to study hard. So I think you should have a talk with your English teacher and tell her what you were doing with Tom that day. If she knows your worries, maybe she will help you with your English. And she will be pleased to hear you want to learn English well. Of course, you should know that what your teacher did was good for you. When you are not trying as hard as you can, she has to stop it and try to help you. Wish you have a better life!
Yours,
Editor
The question is: In the editor's opinion, the English teacher asked Mike to stand for a while because   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:she didn't like him
B:she didn't think Mike was learning English hard at that time
C:Mike was bad at English
D:Mike was making much noiseIn China, there're many different kinds of foods. Some of them are very popular. The most popular Chinese food is dumplings. Now let me tell you something about them.
Almost everyone in China likes dumplings very much, and there are many different kinds of dumplings. Some have meat and vegetables in them. Some have eggs in them. I like dumplings with vegetables and pork better than any other kinds.
Usually we make dumplings at home. If we have no time to make them, we can buy them from supermarket. Then we can take them home and eat them with _ .
Spring Festival is very important in China. When it comes, we make dumplings. Usually we put a coin in a dumpling. It is said that one will be lucky in the year if he eats the dumpling with the coin.
In the old days, people couldn't often eat dumplings, because they were very poor. Now the condition has changed a lot, so people can eat dumplings usually.
,. (2,10)
The question is: Which of the following sentences is NOT true?
The possible answers are:
A:Most of the Chinese like dumplings very much.
B:It is said that if one eats the dumpling with the coin, he will be lucky in the year.
C:In the old days, people often ate dumplings because they were poor.
D:Now people are richer than before.A science fiction flying car looks like a normal car, but it is an aircraft   that anybody can fly directly from any place to another without using roads or runways. Science fiction writers have written about flying cars for a long time. But now flying cars will soon fly out of the world of science fiction into our real world. And the dream of the science fiction writers will soon come true.
The first-known sky car is the FSC-1. The FSC-1 looks like an expensive sports car. You can drive the FSC-1 on the road like a normal car. If you touch a button, its wings and propeller   fold out and then it can take off, fly and land as an airplane. The owners of the FSC-1 can choose if they want to drive or fly.
Another flying car or sky car is the Moller Skycar M400. Although you can't drive it on the roads, it is small and easy to fly and can take off and land like a helicopter  . Urban Aeronautics' X-Hawk is another type of sky car. It is expected to be available for about $3 million.
Just like any new technology, flying cars have taken a long time to be developed. But some experts think the technology is far from what people imagine when they are sitting in traffic. It still needs to be improved.
The question is: _   kinds of flying cars are mentioned in the passage.
The possible answers are:
A:Two
B:Three
C:Four
D:FiveCome And Join Us!
We warmly welcome you to the Shine Sports Centre!
All the young people in this city can become members of the Shine Sports Centre and each member should pay $10 every year. To be a member of us and get your membership card ,you need to come to us between 2 pm and 6 pm, Monday to Thursday. I have to tell you that we don't accept new members on Friday. Now, there are three things that you must remember to bring with you when you come for a membership card. They are your ID card, a recent passport-sized photo of yourself and the money. We can't give you the card unless you bring all the three.
Once you have got your membership card, you need to bring it with you whenever you come to book or use any facility in Shine Sports Centre. Booking over the phone is not allowed, so you have to come here with your card when you want to book. There is one more thing I have to tell you. Our opening hours is from 9 am to 10 pm on weekdays and from 10 am to 6 pm on weekends. We hope that every member can have a great time in the Shine Sports Centre.
The question is: You can use the facilities in the Shine Sports Centre at  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:9 am on Sunday
B:5 pm on Wednesday
C:7 am on Thursday
D:9 am on SaturdayFor years I went to school by bus,so I met many"familiar"strangers.We took the same bus but didn't know each other's names.I used to think it was impossible for us to be true friends.How wrong I was!Smiles from the"nameless"people have changed my thoughts.
The first time I got on the bus,I saw different faces.We met,greeted and cold faces turned into smiling faces.As days went on,we chatted like old friends.
But I felt it a pity that I was unable to set up the same friendship with a silent girl in the front of the bus.Her old clothing suggested that she didn't have much money,but she always took a cup of water for the driver.I guessed she was a kind girl.But why did she sit in silence instead of talking with us?Why did she never reply to our friendly greetings?Couldn't she smile?
Then,one evening,I got the answer.I walked to the park nearby and found the girl sitting alone under a tree,lonely and sad.I greeted her with the same warm smile that I had shown to her all these months,but this time her face turned red,then a shy smile appeared.As soon as she began her first words,I understood why she hadn't spoken to us before.Talking was hard for her.
I learnt her story:Her parents worked hard somewhere.She lived with her disabled grandparents.She said,"I can't express myself very well.Most of the time,I can't say what I want to say.I have no friends but...you always smile to me like an angel...so I also want to smile."That evening,we exchanged our names and we said goodbye like old friends.
Smile is the key to opening the door of the heart;it can break the cold walls in front of us.
The question is: The girl had difficulty in  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:listening
B:singing
C:writing
D:talkingThree friends, Tom, David and John, came to New York for their holiday. They stayed in a very large hotel. Their room was on the 45thfloor.
In the evening, the three men went to the cinema and came back to the hotel very late.
"I'm very sorry," said the man of the hotel, "but our lifts  do not work tonight. If you don't want to walk up to your room, I'll make beds for you in the hall . "
"No, thanks," said Tom, "we don't want to sleep in the hall. We will walk up to the 45thfloor. But I know how to make it easier. On the way to our room, I'll tell you some jokes. Then you, David, will sing us some songs. Then you, John, will tell us some stories, all right?"
So they began to walk upstairs. Tom told them many jokes. David sang them some songs. At last they came to the 34thfloor. They were tired and had a rest.
"Well," said Tom. "Now it's your turn, John. After all these jokes and songs, tell us a long and interesting story with a sad ending. "
"OK, I'll tell a sad story," said John, "It's not long but very sad. I forgot to bring the key to our room with me. It's still in the hall. "
The question is: _  said he knew how to make it easier for them to walk up to their room.
The possible answers are:
A:The man of the hotel
B:Tom
C:David
D:JohnRadio, telephone and TV are widely used in the world. When you turn on the radio, you can listen. But when you use telephone, not only can you listen to others but also you can chat with them, however, you can't see anything at all. TV is much better than both of them. People can watch TV and listen to it, but they can't take part in what they see.
Today, some people are using a type of telephone called vision-phone . With it, two people who are talking can see each other. It is better than radio, telephone or TV.
Vision-phones can be of great use when you have something to show the person whom you are calling. It will be helpful in people's life. Some day you may be able to call up a library and ask to read a book on your vision-phone. You may be able to do some shopping too. Perhaps in the future, people will use vision-phone.
,.
The question is: Through a vision-phone we can  _
The possible answers are:
A:take medicine
B:order what we need
C:travel around the world
D:try on clothesPerhaps you've seen the English letters "WC" in your city. They show public toilets. But do you know it is far from elegant   English? In fact, foreigners from English-speaking countries rarely use the letters.
Workers in our city are changing "WC" signs all over the city. The government is spending much money changing all the bad English on signs and restaurant menus. Many other places in China are following our steps.
"WC, or water closet, is old-fashioned English. It sounds dirty to me," says Charlie Shifflet, a young man from the US. The old sign will become "Gents/Men" and "Ladies/Women".
"I see lots of poor English in everyday life, and not only on signs," he says. "I know what they mean. But they are Chinglish , not real English. For example, when someone says to me 'My hometown is Henan Province', I know he should say: 'My hometown is in Henan Province'. 'Hometown' is a smaller place in a province." The common mistakes he picked up include "Not Entry", which should be "No Entry", "Direction of Airport" should be changed to "To the Airport". And it is "room rate", not "room price". And remember to "Keep off the grass", rather than "Care of the green".
The question is: What does the writer think of the use of "WC"?
The possible answers are:
A:He doesn't think it means water closet.
B:He doesn't think it old-fashioned English.
C:He doesn't think it proper for a sign.
D:He thinks it elegant English.Mrs Green lives in a small village. Her husband is dead, but she has one son. His name is Jack. He is twenty-one. He worked in a shop in the village and lived with his mother, but then he finds a job in a faraway town named Green Sea. He goes and lives there. Mrs Green is not happy about it.
One day Mrs Green is angry. She gets on a train and goes to her son's house in Green Sea. Then she says to him, "Jack, why do you never telephone me?"
Jack smiles, "But, Mother, you don't have a telephone."
"No," she answers, "I don't have, but you have one!"
The question is: Green Sea is  _   the small village.
The possible answers are:
A:in
B:next to
C:near
D:far fromVenice is a great place in the world. People call it "City of Water" because it is built on the water just like some stone buildings floating   on the water. There are more than 350 bridges in the city. It's in the southeast of Italy. You can hardly hear the sound of cars in the city. All transportation is by boat or on foot. And the most popular vehicle   is gondola  . You can see the beautiful sights and at the same time hear Italian operas on it. It's also a city of art and music. It played a very important role in the Renaissance  . There are a lot of buildings there. Venice is a special and unique   place in the world, so a lot of people come to visit it every year. It's better to visit the city in July, August, or September. And the people who come here will never forget this beautiful place.
The question is: When is better to visit Venice?
The possible answers are:
A:In June and July.
B:In August and September.
C:In September and October.
D:In May and July.Last winter vacation, our class went to Xiangshan for a trip.Though the weather was a little cold, it was sunny.
At six in the morning we met at the school gate.We took a bus there.On the bus, our monitor told us an interesting story.The story was about an interesting man.Then three girls in our class sang songs.We were very happy.
At about seven thirty we got there.It was a beautiful mountain.There were many visitors.Then we started to climb the mountain.The boys had a climbing race .Li Ming won the first prize.He got a blue hat.At about nine o'clock we met a famous singer.Qi Hui and Ma Yan even got his autographs.They were very excited.
We had lunch in the mountain.We brought food from home and ate together.
After lunch we went to the zoo, because the was a new member  in the zoo.It was a cheetah .It came from Africa.
Finally, we took the bus back to school.Although we were tired, we really had fun.
The question is: How was the weather on that day?
The possible answers are:
A:It was warm and sunny.
B:It was hot and sunny.
C:It was cold, but sunny.
D:It was cold and cloudy.Dear David,
How are you? I'm fine. I'm in London , at a school of English. I'm in Class Seven. It has eight students. They are from different countries ----Spain, Japan , Argentina, Switzerland and Thailand. Our teacher's name is Henry Briscall. He's very nice. He's a good teacher.
I live  with an English family, Mr. and Mrs. Brown. They have two sons and a daughter. Thomas is fourteen, Catherine is twelve, and Andrew is seven. They are all very friendly to me, and we are good friends.
London is very big and very interesting. The weather   is good and the parks are nice! Hyde Park, Green Park and St. James' Park are all in the city center .
English food is OK, but the coffee is not good!
Are you all right at home in Shanghai?  Is everything OK? Write to me.
Love,
Paul
The question is: The writer   lives   _   now.
The possible answers are:
A:at school
B:at home in China
C:with his classmates
D:at Mr. Brown's homeSome people say that today, reading is not as important as it was. These days we have photographs, films, radio and television. Why read a description of something when you can look at a photograph? Why read a newspaper when the latest news is brought to us every hour on radio and TV?
Photography was certainly a wonderful invention. Photographs can give a very clear idea of places and of people that we have never seen. An encyclopedia   , for example, is always better when it has good illustrations. But we also need words to explain the photographs and drawings. A photograph of an elephant may give us a very good idea of what an elephant looks like, but it tells us nothing about the different sorts of elephants there are and where they are found, their exact size and weight, how they can be useful to man and so on.
In the same way, a good film has action, movement, color, and maybe music. These are things we do not find on the printed page. But reading a novel has certain advantages over watching even an excellent feature film. Reading a novel requires imagination. Each of us imagines a story differently.
Watching news on television can certainly be exciting. But we need newspapers as well. Some important news stories happen when there are no cameras around. More importantly, a newspaper does not just report the news. It explains why something has been happening. It also contains interesting articles on different subjects. Newspapers are an important part of our lives, if we want to understand what is going on in the places we live as well as in other parts of the world.
Reading is very important for information and pleasure. We need to be good readers to enjoy a full life as human beings. Reading is a skill and like other skills, it needs practice. The more we read, the better readers we become. And the better readers we become, the more we enjoy reading! The secret is to get the reading habit. Read at least a little every day.
The question is: Newspapers contain   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:more information than television
B:less information than television
C:more news from other countries
D:less information about important events than TVOne day a teacher told his students a story: There were three dogs chasing a woodchuck  ,which ran into a hole in a tree. Soon from the tree out ran a white rabbit. The rabbit ran away very fast. _ and driven by the three dogs, the rabbit climbed up a tree. But it couldn't stand steadily, so it fell down to the ground. Before the dogs came to realize what had happened, the rabbit ran away quickly again...
Finishing the story, the teacher asked, "Are there any problems with the story?" One student said, "Rabbit cannot climb trees." Another said, "It's impossible for three dogs not to catch a rabbit."
When the students couldn't find any more problems with the story, the teacher said, "There is another problem. Where did the woodchuck go? The woodchuck was the goal that the dogs were chasing. But because of the rabbit's appearance, the dogs changed their direction, and our thoughts unknowingly changed, too. The woodchuck disappeared in our minds."
Such is life. While holding on to our goals, we are sometimes fascinated by surrounding  beauties or interrupted  by minor details, so we forget our goals.
The question is: Which of the following is TRUE according to the article?
The possible answers are:
A:The woodchuck followed the rabbit quickly.
B:A woodchuck was run after by three dogs.
C:The rabbit jumped off a tree.
D:The woodchuck fell off the tree and ran away.We can make mistakes at any age. Some mistakes we make are about money. But most mistakes are about people.
Why do we go wrong about our friends? Sometimes people hide their real meanings when they say something. And if we don't really listen, we miss the feeling behind the words. Suppose someone tells you, "You're a lucky dog." That's being friendly. But "lucky dog"? There's a bit of envy  in those words. Maybe he doesn't see
himself. But "lucky dog" puts you down a little. He may mean you don't deserve your luck.
How can you tell the real meaning behind someone's words? One way is to take a good look at the person talking. Do his words fit the way he looks? Do his words agree with the tone  of voice? His posture ? The look in his eyes? Stop and think. If you spend the minute thinking about the real meaning behind one's words, it may save another mistake.
The question is: According to the passage, the reason why we go wrong about our friends is that    _   .
The possible answers are:
A:we fail to listen carefully when they talk
B:we become angry when we realize what they really mean
C:they sometimes said one thing but meant another
D:we never believe what people sayNancy: I saw seven girls in one umbrella and none of them got wet.
Taney: Oh, that must be a very big umbrella.
Nancy: No, it wasn't raining. [
A good boy
Little Robert asked his mother for two cents .
"What did you do with the money I gave you yesterday?"
"I gave it to a poor old woman," he answered.
"You're a good boy," said the mother proudly. "Here are two more cents. But why are you so interested in the old woman?"
"She is the one who sells candies. "
Break a mirror
"What are you so happy about, Jason?" Lisa asked the 98-year-old man.
"I broke a mirror," he replied.
"But that means seven years of bad luck. "
"I know," he said happily. "Isn't it wonderful? I can live for another seven years. "
The question is: The three passages above are all   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:jokes
B:notices
C:news
D:lettersThousands of teenagers will be able to move to a new wave of "studio schools" at the age of 14 to improve their chances of finding a job in UK. Twelve new-style schools are open to act as a bridge to the workplace and cut the number of NEETs.
Under plans, schools will operate longer days and work outside standard school terms.
Each teenager will be expected to spend between four hours and two days a week on work placements with business related to the school and a personal coach will be sent to the teenagers to act as a school "line manager".
The reforms   are put forward because of the fears that too many teenagers are finishing full-time education at present but they are short of the skills needed to succeed in the workplace. According to a recent report, more than two thirds of employers   believe school and college leavers have less important employability skills, while 55% say they are unable to manage their time or daily routine. And the number of NEETs who are not in education has hit a record high, with almost one-in-five young people being left without a job or a training place.
The Department for Education will tell the public the building of 12 studio schools - providing for around 3,600 teenagers - in areas such as Liverpool, Stevenage, Stock-on-Trent and Fulham, west London. Each one will be connected to the local employers. Under plans, teenagers will be able to move out of ordinary schools to attend them between the ages of 14 and 19.
The government said all subjects would be taught "through projects, often prepared with employers" - with rules such as science being connected directly to local engineering companies or hospitals. Schools will operate a longer day to give teenagers a better understanding of the needs of the workplace. Along with their studies, students will carry out work placements for four hours a week, rising to two days a week of paid work for those aged 16 to 19. They will also get the chance to take professional qualifications   connected directly to the needs of local employers.
The question is: What can be the best title for the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:Studio schools are popular in UK at present.
B:More NEETs will find jobs from Studio schools.
C:Teenagers will get jobs without full-time education.
D:Studio schools are built to improve teens' employability skills.The snow went on falling, and they could see only a few meters in front of them.
"We should go back," said Judy.She was afraid.
"But where is the path  ?"
Everything was covered with snow.The sky was grey."What's the time?" asked Paul.Judy looked at her watch."Nearly 5 o'clock.It gets dark in an hour."
"We must start walking, and hope we find the path.I think the snow's stopping."said Paul.But it wasn't stopping.The wind was strong.It blew around them, cold and wet.
"Just keep going downhill."said Judy."We can't go wrong."
Then Paul fell on some rocks.He shouted."Judy! I've hurt my leg!" He couldn't stand up.His leg hurt too much.
"I'll have to phone for help."said Judy."I hope the mobile phone works up here!"
Luckily it did.They phoned the mountain service ."Don't move! shouted the man on the phone.Stay where you are, we're sending a team there."
They were not far from the path, so the team found them easily.They were lucky! People often get into trouble when they climb the mountains.You must always tell someone where you are going and take a mobile phone with you.Mountain is a dangerous place to be if things go wrong!
The question is: Which is the most useful when you are in mountains?
The possible answers are:
A:Stopping now and them.
B:Getting in touch with the outside world.
C:Using a walking stick.
D:Gong back when there is no path.E-book is short for electronic( ) book. It is usually read on personal computers. Some
mobile phones can also be used to read e-books.
Earlier e-books were written for a specific group of readers and were about only a few subjects. With the development of the internet, knowledge and answers to a lot of questions mainly come from e-books. This is why the e-book business is increasing quickly
E-books have many advantages. First, they save time. We don't need to go to a bookstore to buy books, besides, we can find the topic we want to know about on the Internet, and then we can quickly get many e-books on similar topics. Second, e-books save money. Some e-books cost a little money, and there are millions of e-books on the Internet that we can get for free. Third, more trees are saved because e-books don't need to be printed  on paper. Fourth, e-books make reading more convenient. You can carry a whole library of hundreds of books with you in a small computer or any e-book reader   without worrying about their weight.
But e-books have certain disadvantages. They need a personal computer or an e-book reader and the information can be lost if its file format   is not supported or changed in the reader's computer.
However, e-books provide us with a new way of reading. That is good.
,.
The question is: Why is the e-book business increasing quickly? Because   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:earlier e-books are about only a few subjects.
B:people don't like to read any paper books any more.
C:most e-books have been written for a specific group of readers.
D:the development of the Internet makes e-books more useful.(Some classmates are talking about their weekend.)
Linda: I stayed at home and studied over the weekend. I studied for my English test on Saturday. Yesterday I wrote a geography paper. In the evening I talked to my pen pal   on the phone. What did you do?
Tim: I had a good time. On Saturday morning I played tennis, in the afternoon I went to the beach, and in the evening I went to Nancy's birthday party. On Sunday I went to the mountains with my friends.
Mary: Oh, your weekend was great. But mine was boring. I stayed at home the whole  weekend. I cleaned my room and washed my clothes. I even watered the flowers. And only in the evening I watched TV for a short time. Did you go out, Dave?
Dave: No, I didn't. I stayed at home and watched TV on Saturday. Yesterday I watched a movie on TV, Fearless. It was very exciting.
The question is: What did Tim do on Sunday evening?
The possible answers are:
A:He had a phone call.
B:He went to Nancy's birthday party.
C:He watched TV at home.
D:The passage doesn't tell us about it.Most American families are smaller than those in other countries. Usually there are one or two parents and one or two children in each American family.
Children in the USA will leave their parents when they grow up. They want to find better jobs, so they usually live far away from their parents. They often write to their parents or call them. And they go to visit their parents during their holidays.
Parents will ask their children to do some work around their house. In many families children will get money for doing some housework so that they can learn to make money for their own. Parents usually let their children choose their own jobs. Americans think that for young people it is important to decide on their lives by themselves.
The question is: Parents will give their children some money if the children do some housework. What do the American parents think of it?
The possible answers are:
A:Useful
B:Strange
C:Dangerous
D:FunnyThe street food stands are very popular in Korea . They take their name from the two kinds of hot foods they sell : Dukbokgi and Odeng .
Dukbokgi is a spicy hot food made of rice cakes and some vegetables . These rice cakes are finger-shaped . They are white , and they are about ten centimeters in length . They are mixed with sliced vegetables in a pan with a spicy red dressing . Fifteen minutes later , they are ready to eat . Odeng is made of ground fish . It comes in many shapes : some are square , others are round , and still others are stick style . You can buy big or small ones . At these food stands , you can also eat Odeng , which has been boiled in a pot . It is served on a long stick so can eat it easily .
The food sold at these stands is not expensive , compared to what other foods in Korea cost . Each Dukbokgi and Odeng costs about twenty to fifty cents , depending on the owner .
Each food stand has its own recipes for its food ; for example , some like to add sugar or other special ingredients in the food . Usually , there is just one owner , but if the food stand is big , there may be two or three owners .
When I was an elementary school student , I used to stop at street food stands every day after school to eat street food because I like it so much .
The question is: The owner gives the name of his street food stand according to   _   .
The possible answers are:
A:the food he sells
B:their recipes
C:the special ingredients
D:the shape of the foodEvery year thousands of young people in England finish school and then take a year off before they start work or go to university. Some young people go to other countries and work as volunteers  . Volunteers give their time to help people. For example, they work in schools or hospitals, or they do something helpful for the environment.
Pauline Jones, 18, lives in Cardiff, Wales. Next year she is going to university to study Chinese, but now she's living in Belize. Pauline says, "I'm working with other people here to save the coral reefs   in the sea near Belize. The reefs here are beautiful, but if the sea water is very polluted, the coral will die. I'm helping to do research on the coral and the fish that live around the reefs. All over the world, coral reefs are dying. We need to do something about the problem before it's too late."
"I'm staying with a family here and I help do some housework. I don't get any money, but
that's OK. I love my work here, and I'm learning a lot about the people of Belize--and myself!
After I finish my work, I want to stay here for another three months. I want to travel around
Belize and Central America."
The question is: Pauline Jones is   _   with other people.
The possible answers are:
A:studying Chinese in a university
B:working to save the coral reefs
C:helping do some housework
D:doing some research in WalesWhat must you do when you receive a present for your birthday? You have to sit down and write a thank-you note. The word "thanks" is very important. We have to use them very often. We say them when someone gives us drink, helps us to pick up things, hands us a letter or lends us a book. It is rude to ask someone to do something without saying "please". We have to use it when we ask for something, too. It may be a book or a pencil, more rice or help. We have to use "please" to make request pleasant.
We have to learn to say "sorry", too. When we have hurt someone, we'll have to go up and say we're sorry. When we have forgotten something, we will say "sorry". We can make people forget wrong by saying it.
These three words are simple but important. Our children must learn to use them. They are pleasing words to use in any language.
The question is: When someone helps us to do something, we should_.
The possible answers are:
A:thank him
B:say sorry to him
C:use the word "please"
D:not say anythingPeter is a boy. His full name is Peter Brown. He is nine years old. His telephone number is 010-55882226. Peter has an email address. It's peterbrown@hotmail.com. He likes singing and dancing.
Jane is Peter's sister. Jane is seven years old. Her QQ number is 735469. Jane's email address is janebrown@hotmail.com. She is good at swimming and playing volleyball.
The question is: What is Jane good at?
The possible answers are:
A:Singing and dancing
B:Singing and swimming
C:Singing and playing volleyball
D:Swimming and playing volleyballMr. Smith was in trouble those days. He drove a car for Mr. Black, a rich businessman. He worked hard and the shopkeeper liked him. But he couldn't work when he drank too much. Once he almost fell into the river when he drove along the bridge. Mr. Black became angry and was going to send him away. Mr. Smith had a big family and was afraid of it and promised he would stop drinking at once. The man told him to wait to be dealt with.
One Monday morning Mr. Smith came into the office with two badly burnt ears. "What happened to your ears?" asked Mr. Black.
"Well, "said the man," I went to watch a football match yesterday while my wife was ironing  clothes. She had put the iron near the telephone before she went to cook supper. Our team lost the game and I felt sorry for it. As soon as I went in the sitting -room, the phone rang and I answered the iron!" "And what happened to the other ear?" "When I put the iron down on the table, the telephone rang again!"
The question is: Why were Mr Smith's ears burnt?
The possible answers are:
A:Beacause he had a car accident
B:Because his wife hit him
C:Because he mistake the iron for the telephone and "answer it"
D:Because his boss hit himA boy who was cleaning shoes in the street said to a young man passing by, "Let me clean your shoes." The young man said, "No, thank you." "You may pay me only a pound, sir," said the boy. But the young man refused  again. Then the boy told him that he would clean his shoes for nothing. The young man agreed to this, and soon one of his shoes was shining brightly. The man put the other shoe on the boy, but the boy refused to clean it unless  he was paid two pounds for his work. The young man refused to pay anything and went away. But the dirty one looked so bad that he couldn't walk away. He had to turn back and gave the boy two pounds. In a very short time his shoes shone brightly.
The question is: Then the young man agreed to clean his shoes, because the boy asked for   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:two pounds
B:one pound
C:nothing
D:few moneyOne day Mrs.Jones goes shopping.When her husband comes home in the evening,she begins to tell him about a beautiful cotton dress."I see it in a shop this morning,"she says.
"And--and you want to buy it."says her husband,"How much does it cost?"
"Forty pounds."
"Forty pounds for a cotton dress?  That's too much!"
But every evening,when  Mr.Jones comes back from work,his wife continues to say only about the dress,and at last, after a week,he says"Oh,buy the dress.Here's the money!"She is happy.
But the next evening,when Mr.Jones comes home and asks,"Do you buy the famous dress?--'No,"she says.
"Why not?"he asks.
"Well,"Mrs.Jones says,"it is still in the window of the shop after a week,I think nobody else wants this dress,so I don't want it,either."
The question is: At first.Mrs Jones  _  the beautiful dress in the window of the shop.
The possible answers are:
A:dislikes
B:1ikes
C:buys
D:wearsAccording to the recent survey , only forty percent of children in our school feel happy, Why?
Do you know what "happiness" means? A lot  of money? No homework every day? High marks or anything else?
In fact , happiness is always around you put your heart into it. When you are in trouble  at school, you r friends will help you; When you study hard  at your lessons, your parents are always taking good care of your life and your health; When you get success, your friends will say congratulations to you; When you do something wrong, people around you will help you to collect it; When you do something good to others, you will feel happy ,too. All these are happiness. If you notice a bit of them, you can see that happiness is always around you. All these can't be bought  with money. It's a feeling of your heart. When you come across difficulties, you can say loudly you are very happy, because you have more chances to challenge yourself.
As the saying goes , lift is a revolving door. When it closes, it also opens. If you take every chance you get, you can be a  happy  and lucky person.
The question is: How many examples are given to show the meanings of happiness?
The possible answers are:
A:5
B:7
C:4
D:6There are many unusual hotels around the world. In Greenland , there is a hotel made of ice, open between December and April every year. In Turkey , there is a cave  hotel with a television, furniture, and a bathroom in each room. And in Bolivia , there is a hotel named the Salt Palace Hotel.
Thousands of years ago, the area around the Salt Palace Hotel was a large lake. But today, the area has only two small lakes and two salt deserts .
The larger of the two deserts is called Uyuni salt desert. During the day, the desert is bright white because of the salt. There are no roads across the Uyuni desert, so local people must show guests the way to the hotel.
In the early 1990s, a man named Juan Quesada built the hotel. He cut big blocks of salt from the desert and used the blocks to build it. Everything in the hotel is made of salt: the walls, the roof , the tables, the chairs, the beds, and the hotel's bar.
The sun makes the walls and roof warm during the day. At night the desert is very cold, but the rooms are warm. The hotel has twelve rooms. A single room  costs$40 a night, and a double room  costs$60.
A sign on the hotel's wall tells guests, " Please don't lick the walls." [:Zxxk.Com]
The question is: Juan Quesada got the salt from   _  to build the hotel.
The possible answers are:
A:the salt deserts
B:Greenland
C:Turkey
D:the small lake"One of my actors is sick! He has just one line and you're the only one who fits his clothes!" One afternoon, the school drama director suddenly shouted to me. She seemed so nervous and worried that I felt sorry for her and said, "Ok".
"You will be fine. It's easy!" She said. But it wasn't easy at all. On the stage, four other actors and actresses spoke their lines, and I opened my mouth. Nothing came out. I couldn't even breathe. I just wanted to leave. The next thing I knew, I was running off the stage.
As I was running off the stage, I accidentally knocked over a glass of grape juice that was on a table. The purple juice hit the girl next to me --- Andrea, the leading actress of the drama. She gave me a nasty look. I thought she was going to kill me!
But then, Andrea quickly said, "Darling, you're so silly! Let's toast  to my darling's silliness! Cheers!" She grabbed another glass of grape juice and drank it. The other actor quickly followed Andrea's lead and saved the scene. The audience thought my mistake was part of the play!
I apologized to everyone after the play. To my surprise, they were not angry with me. They told me, "It's all a part of being on stage." I could be wrong, but I think I liked being on stage. I think I will try again.
The question is: There were   _   actors and actresses on the stage.
The possible answers are:
A:three
B:four
C:five
D:sixHappy Days Clud
For young people
From 12...18 years old
Every Friday 7:30p.m...10:30p.m
29 Milton Street Just PS1 a week
Parker's Sweet Shop
14 Barrett Road 5minutes from town centre
Try our famous chocolate eggs and sugar
Hearts
Prices lower than in other shops
Open Monday--Saturday 9am.--5pm
International Library
Books, CDs and Videos over 100 foreign
newspapers and magazines
Entrance free
Monday...Saturday 9:30--6:00p.m
News England House, Muswum Street
Painting Competition
For young people 8...16 years old
Paint a picture of an animal
Send it to:
Young Artist Magazine
12 High Street
Before 14 September and win a bicycle!
The question is: How many days a week can you go to the library?
The possible answers are:
A:Six days
B:Five days
C:Seven days.
D:One dayDear Anna,
It is nice to see the photo of your room. Here is a photo of my room. These are my bed and my desk. My clock and some books are on the desk. Sometimes the books are on the bed. I like _ books on the bed. Oh, that is my hat on the bed. It is yellow. My quilt is yellow, too. My schoolbag is on the sofa. It is green. I take  it to school every day.
Yours,
Mona
.
The question is: _  are on the desk.
The possible answers are:
A:Some pictures and a map
B:Some books and an eraser
C:A clock and a pencil
D:A clock and some booksThe message was short. I read it three times: "Hey, Mom, can I come to see you?" I wrote back: "Yes!" He said he hoped to make it in time for dinner.
I made a quick run to the market, put sheets on the guest bed and set the TV to record the Warriors' game, so if traffic was awful, he wouldn't have to miss the first half. Then I began cooking, cleaning, watching the clock and listening for his footsteps coming up the walk.
It's called waiting. I'm good at it. When he was a newborn, I'd wait for him to go to sleep. Soon then I'd stand by his bed waiting for him to wake up. I waited, as he learned to do things like walking, talking and feeding himself; throwing a ball, riding a bike and reading a book.
I waited for him to start preschool, primary school, middle school and college.
I waited with dread for him to start driving. And I waited up every time he came home late.
I wait for my son to grow up, but that doesn't mean the waiting game is over. It never really ends.
Mothers wait for all kinds of reasons--good news or bad, happiness or heartache. But the waiting is soon forgotten, usually, the minute a long awaited child walks through the door.
My boy will be here soon. But if he's late, I can wait. I'm good at it. And he's worth  it. I will always leave a light on for him.
The question is: Which do you think would be the best title for the reading?
The possible answers are:
A:Worth waiting for
B:Being patient is difficult
C:Learn to be a mother
D:Visit your mother oftenAccording to the recent survey , only forty percent of children in our school feel happy, Why?
Do you know what "happiness" means? A lot  of money? No homework every day? High marks or anything else?
In fact , happiness is always around you put your heart into it. When you are in trouble  at school, you r friends will help you; When you study hard  at your lessons, your parents are always taking good care of your life and your health; When you get success, your friends will say congratulations to you; When you do something wrong, people around you will help you to collect it; When you do something good to others, you will feel happy ,too. All these are happiness. If you notice a bit of them, you can see that happiness is always around you. All these can't be bought  with money. It's a feeling of your heart. When you come across difficulties, you can say loudly you are very happy, because you have more chances to challenge yourself.
As the saying goes , lift is a revolving door. When it closes, it also opens. If you take every chance you get, you can be a  happy  and lucky person.
The question is: In the writer's  opinion ,  _   can make you happy.
The possible answers are:
A:no homework
B:high marks
C:peace of mind
D:moneyMum gives little Tom ten yuan. Then little Tom goes shopping. He gets on the bus and sits down next to an old woman. Then he sees the old woman's bag is open. There is ten yuan in it. He quickly looks into his pocket. The money isn't there now! Little Tom is sure that the old woman is a thief . He decides to take back the money from the old woman's bag. So he carefully puts his hand into the old woman's bag,takes the money and says nothing. Suddenly the old woman shouts,"Where is my money? I can't find it. There is a thief in the bus." Little Tom feels strange . Then he sees his own ten yuan under his seat. Little Tom is thinking a question now,"Am I a thief ?"
The question is: Little Tom sees  _  ten yuan under his seat.
The possible answers are:
A:his own
B:the old woman' s
C:the thief' s
D:the driver' sWhat is the first thing you want to do when you see someone yawn ?You want to yawn, too! Yawning is _ 
Scientists have found that all people yawn. Babies start to yawn even before they are born. The earliest yawn takes place when a baby is still inside its mother. When young children are about one year old, they start to yawn when they see others yawning. That's why scientists seem to think yawning is contagious.
It's no secret that yawning is contagious, but why do we yawn? Well, scientists are not really sure.
Some think we yawn because we feel bored. Recently scientists studied two groups of students between the ages of 17 and 19. One group watched music videos, and the other watched a boring color test. Scientists compared the numbers of their yawns and found that the color test group yawned more times than the video group.
Another reason for yawning has to do with breathing. Some scientists believe that when we are bored or tired, we breathe more slowly. As our breathing slows down, we cannot get rid of  enough carbon dioxide, our bodies will tell the brains to breathe deeply. The result is a big yawn.
In 2007, scientists suggested a new reason. They said that the reason why people yawned was to cool down their brains. These scientists found that people who were warmer than others yawned more often.
Scientists are still trying to find out why yawning happens and why it is so contagious. But they are only sure that when one person yawns, almost everyone else nearby wants to yawn, too.
The question is: We can probably read this passage in a   _
The possible answers are:
A:storybook
B:travel guidebook
C:movie poster
D:science magazineA farmer was put in prison . One day, he got a letter from his wife.
"I am worried about our farm," she wrote. "It's time to plant potatoes, but I can't do all the digging  by myself."
The farmer thought over and then had an idea. He wrote to his wife, "Don't dig the fields. This is where my gold  is. Don't plant potatoes until I come home."
A few days later, the farmer got another letter from his wife. It said, "Two days ago, about ten prison guards  came to our fields. It looked as if they were looking for something. They have dug our field."
The farmer wrote to his wife at once. "Now you can plant our potatoes," he wrote.
The question is: The farmer told his wife  _  first.
The possible answers are:
A:not to dig the fields
B:to dig the fields
C:to ask the prison guards for help
D:to find the gold in the fieldsThe 18-meter-tall Rubber Duck arrived in Beijing on Friday. It was placed on waters in the International Garden Expo Park, where the Yongding River passes through.
The Rubber Duck exhibition was designed by Dutch artist, Florentijn Hofman. It was part of the activities of Beijing Design Week, which ran from September 26 to October 3 in 2013.
The Rubber Duck stayed in the park until September 23, then moved to the Summer Palace, a famous Beijing tourist spot, where it was on display until October 26.
The duck is made of over 200 pieces of rubber. It was guarded not only by staff, but also by 10 volunteers wearing yellow T-shirts and hats with a rubber duck logo.
Sun Yidong, a volunteer who guided visitors to the duck, said the art brought energy to the traditional Chinese park.
"Seeing the giant Rubber Duck makes me feel like I'm a kid again." Sun said.
Because of the rain on Friday, there were not too many people coming to see it. The Expo workers said they expected more people to come and visit the duck on weekends.
Zhao Yan said she had been following news about the duck since 2007, when the duck began its journey.
"I even considered going to Hong Kong to see it. It's great that the duck is in Beijing," Zhao said.
Before arriving in Beijing, the Rubber Duck traveled to 13 cities in nine countries. "The aim of the Rubber Duck is simply to bring everyone back to their childhood again," said Zeng Hui, a leader of the Beijing Design Week Organizing Committee Office. "It can be a toy for adults."
,.
The question is: Which of the following is NOT true?
The possible answers are:
A:The Rubber Duck started its journey in 2007.
B:Before arriving in Beijing the Rubber Duck was shown in 13 cities.
C:The Rubber Duck is made of more than 200 pieces of rubber.
D:A German artist designed The Rubber Duck.Hello! I'm Paul. I'm from America and I' m in China with my parents now. I like China and Chinese food. I have breakfast at home. I eat an egg and some chicken for it. I don't like salad, but Mom says that it's healthy. I should  eat it. I have lunch at school. The lunch in my school is good. I can eat different   food. I eat a hamburger, a banana and some vegetables. Sometimes I have chicken and French fries . I have dinner at home and I like to eat some fruit and ice-cream.
The question is: Paul has lunch   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:at school
B:at home
C:in the club
D:in the pictureA smile will tell people around you that you are a kind and friendly person. However,many people don't smile because they think they ugly teeth. For example, one of my classmates, Mile, doesn't have very nice teeth,so thatis why he seldom opens his mouth.he even says that he has lost cofidence because of his teeth.So it is very important for us to look after our teeth. In fact, a lot of people have this problem.Some people inherit teeth problems from their parents,while others'teeth are damaged because of bad habits,like heavy smoking,eating too much sugar or not brush-ing teeth often.If your teeth are in bad shape, you should see a dentist and ask for help. They can help improve your teeth and tell you how to take care of then.
Smiling can help you to feel more confident and make other people think of you as a more friendly person. If you want to keep healthy,you should not only smile but also laugh. An Indian doctor called Kataria said that young children should laugh about 300 times a day, wile adults should laugh between 7 and 15 times a day. So please take this chance to smile and laugh now!
,.
The question is: If you want to keep healthy, you had better  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:not smile often
B:laugh all the time
C:neiter smile nor laugh
D:smile and even laugh oftenToday people can use the phone to talk with others almost anywhere on the earth. But when you use the phone , you don't see the person you are talking with . That may change in the near future .
Today some people are using a kind of telephone called the picture phone or vision phone. With _ , two people who are talking can see each other
Picture phones can be useful when you have something to show the person you're calling . They may have other uses in the future. One day you may be able to ring up a library and ask to see a book. Then you'll be able to read the book right over your picture phone. Or you may be able to go shopping through your picture phone. If you see something in the newspaper that you think you want to buy, you'll go to your phone and call the shop . People at the shop will show you the thing you're interested in right over the phone. You'll be able to shop all over the town and never leave your room!
The question is: The word "it" in the passage means   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:the picture phone
B:any phone
C:the use
D:the changeA young man worked very hard on his lessons. He was too busy to have a rest. One day he found that he couldn't fall asleep at night. As he became ill, he couldn't go to sleep. When he went to bed, he closed his eyes and tried to sleep. But he always failed.
After a few days he decided to see a doctor.
"I just can't go to sleep at night. What should I do?" he asked.
"I have a suggestion," said the doctor. "You can try to count numbers. When you count to one thousand, you will be asleep. I am sure of it. "
The next day the man returned to the doctor's office.
"Well," said the doctor. "How are you today? Did you try my suggestion?"
The man still looked tired. "Yes," he said. "I tried to count one, two, three.. , up to one thousand. But when I counted to five hundred and sixty--nine, I began to feel sleepy. I had to get up and drink some tea so that I could go on counting up to one thousand. But then I still couldn't fall asleep. "
The question is: In fact the young man   _
The possible answers are:
A:didn't understand the doctor's suggestion
B:was not able to count numbers
C:was very afraid to stay at home by himself
D:wasn't sleepy at allWhen Mark first arrived in Thailand, he saw an old man selling something cheap in the street of Chiang Mai. The old man was one of the poor people in Chiang Mai and there was no difference from beggars  . Most of them were some lonely old people. Their life had no support.
Mark was a kind man, so he gave some changes to him without thinking. The old man told him to pick something he liked. Mark didn't choose anything and left.
But the old man followed him closely. AT first, Mark didn't think a lot, just supposing he wanted to go home. But when he went out very far saw the old man still following him, he was a bit tired, thinking the old man must feel he was kind and wanted to beg more money from him.
Mark turned back and told him not to follow him because he hadn't much money. But the old man seemed not to understand what he meant, still following him. The bag on his back made him sweat   all over.
Mark happened to meet his Thai colleague   in the street and his colleague heard this. The colleague turned to ask why the old man was following his friend.
The old man said out of breath, "My son, you gave me money, but didn't want my things, so I have to give you something. I see you are a foreigner, likely not to familiar with here. I just want to follow you and show you the way. All I can do for you is this."
Mark was shocked. He said he didn't know why, when he felt the old man was just like his father.
The question is: What did Mark do when he first found the old man following him?
The possible answers are:
A:He didn't think a lot and went on walking
B:He asked the old man why he was following him
C:He was shocked and asked his colleague to come.
D:He gave him more money without thinking.Has a doctor ever given you a note to take to the chemist for some medicine? Are you able to read the note easily? Some doctors write clearly , but most doctors do not. Chemists  have more chances to read doctors' notes, but sometimes doctors write so badly that even the chemist can't read them.
One day a lady wrote to a doctor inviting him to have dinner at her house. The doctor wrote an answer, but he didn't write clearly and the lady couldn't read it.
"What shall I do?" she said to her husband, "I don't know whether he is coming or not. I don't want to give him a telephone call and say that I can't read his writing."
Her husband thought a moment, then he had an idea.
"Thank you," said his wife. "That's a very good idea."
She went to the chemist's shop and gave the doctor's note to the chemist. The chemist looked at it very carefully. Then he said politely, "Could you wait a moment, madam?" He went to the back of the shop. After a few minutes he returned carrying a large bottle. He gave the bottle to the lady and said, "Three times a day and one spoonful at a time."
The question is: After reading the story, we know   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:the doctor agreed to come to the lady's house
B:the doctor refused to come to the lady's house
C:the chemist couldn't read the doctor's note
D:the doctor could not read the doctor's note, eitherSmoking is harmful to our health, but many middle school students are smoking. Their teachers, parents or classmates can't stop them because they smoke anywhere they can't be seen --on the way to school, in the dormitory , or even in the washroom.And most of the students think that smoking is very cool.But I want to tell you my story and then you will see that it's wrong to smoke when you are very young.
When I was a middle school student, my friends at school smoked and they asked me to have a try. So I started smoking when I was fourteen. Soon I couldn't wait to smoke as soon as I was free. After a month I couldn't stop smoking. But two years later, I felt what smoking was doing to me. I couldn't run far, I coughed every morning, and I got very weak. So I wanted to stop smoking. It wasn't easy, but now I have stopped it, and I feel better.
If you smoke, you will get ill more easily, and perhaps you can't grow taller, because there is something bad in cigarettes and also you may get some bad behaviors and habits such as stealing , _ and having a fight with others. So you can see smoking is a bad habit. If you smoke, try to stop. Though it isn't easy, you must do it as soon as possible.
The question is: Middle school students may NOT smoke   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:on he way to school
B:in the dormitory
C:in the classroom
D:in the washroomWhen we think of paper, we think of newspapers and books. But there are many other uses. Only half of the world's paper is used for books and newspapers.
Paper is very good for keeping you warm. You have perhaps seen homeless men asleep on a large number of newspapers. In Finland, it is sometimes - 40degC in winter. The farmers wear paper boots in the snow. Nothing could be warmer.
Each year, more and more things are made of paper. We have had paper cups and plates for a long time. But now we hear that chairs, tables, and even beds can be made of paper. With paper boots and shoes, you can also wear paper hats, paper dresses, and paper raincoats. When you have used them once, you throw them away and buy new ones.
The latest use of paper seems to be paper houses. These are not small houses for children to play in, but real, big houses for people to live in. You can buy a house with three rooms for about 500 dollars. You can put it up by yourself in a few hours, and you can use it for about five years.
The question is: The latest use of paper seems to be paper houses. These houses are   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:not big and strong enough to live in
B:made for children to play in or for homeless men to live in
C:made only for the rich people
D:not expensive and easy to build upNancy and Peter like sports. In summer they swim and in winter they ski. They are planning a ski trip for this weekend, but they don't know about the weather. It's 7:30 now, and they are listening to the weather report on the radio. The weatherman is giving the weather for the weekend.
"Friday is going to be cold and cloudy, but it's not going to rain. It's going to snow on Friday night and maybe Saturday morning. Saturday afternoon and Sunday are going to be cold and sunny." Now Nancy and Peter are excited. The weather is going to be good for a ski trip. They are going to have a wonderful weekend in the mountains.
The question is: When do Nancy and Peter listen to the weather report?
The possible answers are:
A:Thursday evening
B:Friday evening
C:Friday morning
D:Thursday morningSue and Linda usually go to school by car. They drive past  a cinema, a supermarket and a food shop. The food shop is next to the supermarket. Jack and Michael usually go to school by bus. They go past a bank and a post office. The bank is next to the post office. Mary usually goes to work by bike. She rides a bike past a police office, a library and a swimming pool.
The question is: Where is the bank?
The possible answers are:
A:It's next to a swimming pool.
B:It's on the right
C:It's next to a post office.
D:It's on the leftNews Review
Head- on Train Crash  On May 18, two trains had a head-on crash near New York City. Over 250 people were on the trains then. About 60people were hurt, but no deaths were reported.
Travel Time  Tourists came together to the Taishan Mountain, on May1. Over 180,000tourists
visited the place of great interest from April 29 to May 1, during the three-day holiday.
Brave Volunteer   Liao Zhi , a dance teacher from Chengdu who lost her 1-year-old daughter and her legs in the 2008 Wenchuan earthquake, arrived in Ya'an 13 hours after the earthquake. The dancer said she had had a terrible time herself and knew what people needed most, so she decided to come and offer help.
Tomato Competition   A tomato competition was held in Huainan, Anhui Province, on April
16. The best tomatoes were chosen according to their shape, color and taste. The competition hoped to encourage the farmers to grow better tomatoes.
The question is: About    _   people were hurt in the head-on crash.
The possible answers are:
A:18
B:29
C:60
D:250Chen Hua is in a new school now. It's near her home. It's about 10 minutes on foot. But she has a problem. Classes begin at 7:50 in the morning, and she is often late for school.
"How do you usually come to school?" says his teacher.
"I usually come to school on foot." Chen Hua answers.
"What time do you usually get up?" says her teacher.
"I usually get up at 6:00." Chen Hua answers.
"Well, it's early. And what time do you leave home?" says her teacher.
"I leave home at 7:40." Chen Hua answers.
"Why don't you leave home a little earlier ?" says her teacher.
"Sorry, I can't." Chen Hua answers.
"Mom is ill. She stays in bed all day. So I must look after her. I must cook breakfast. I must help her have breakfast. At 7:30 I must give her medicine  on time. Then I'm often late for school." Chen Hua says with tears  in her eyes.
"Oh, sorry, I see. You're a good girl!"
The question is: How does Chen Hua go to her new school?
The possible answers are:
A:By bus
B:By bike
C:By subway
D:On footHarry is eight years old. He goes to school near his home. He always goes there and comes home on foot. One day he came home from school late. His mother saw him and asked him, "Why were you late, Harry?"
"My teacher was very angry and asked you to go to her office tomorrow."
"To her office? Why?" his mother asked. "Because she asked a question in the class." said Harry. "Nobody could answer it, but I could. "
"You are so clever, my son. " his mother said with a smile." What is her question?".
Her question is "Who put the tomato on my chair and made my trousers dirty?" said Harry.
The question is: The teacher asked Harry's mother to school because   _
The possible answers are:
A:Harry is eight
B:Harry goes to school an foot
C:Harry's home is near
D:Harry made her angryMost parents hope that their children can be happy and successful. But do you know the most powerful way to encourage them to be so? The answer is to allow them to make their own decisions.
Different people have different ideas about children's decision making. Unfortunately , most parents make decisions for their children--what they wear, what they eat and what movies they watch. In fact, it's not good for children's growing.
Children should be allowed to make decisions when they are very young. But this doesn't mean they are allowed to do everything. For example, you shouldn't take your children into a convenience store and tell them they can have anything they want. They would be overwhelmed  by the choices. But you can give them a choice among snacks. When children get older, expand   the number of choices you give them. For example, allow them to decide the activities they want to take part in or when they decide to go to bed.
The next step is to get your children to think before they act. Ask themselves several important questions. First, why do I want to do this? Second, what are my choices? Third, what are the results of the actions? After the three questions, they are sure to have right decisions.
The question is: Parents should   _   when their kids are older according to the passage.
The possible answers are:
A:take their kids to the store
B:do everything for their kids
C:take their kids to take part in activities
D:give them more chances to make decisionsWelcome to Our School Library
Our Library is in the south of our school. The Library is open to every student and the library card is free. You can borrow five books, one CD and four videos --three weeks for books, one week for CDs and videos at the same time.
BOOKS
1. You can borrow picture books for children and all kinds of story books
2. You can enjoy newspapers and magazines in the reading room.
3. You can't take any newspapers or magazines out of the library
VIDEO
1.  You can borrow all kinds of video films, TV plays and music videos.
2.  You can't watch videos here.
AUDIO
, You can borrow music audios and language  audios.
, You can enjoy listening in the special rooms here.
The question is: If you want to get a library card, you   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:have to pay one dollar for it
B:needn't pay for it
C:need to borrow five books first
D:need to make a cardNo one wants to look silly or do the wrong thing at a new job. It is important to make the right impression  from the first day. You'll face new people. You will be in a new place.
It may be difficult to know what to do. Here are five tips to help you make it through the first days at a new job:
1. First impressions can last forever. Make sure you make a good one. Before your first day, find out if your new job has a dress code (rules about what you can wear to work). If so, be sure to follow it. No matter what, always be neat and clean.
2. Get to work on time. Give yourself an extra 15 minutes to make sure you arrive on time.
3. Pay attention to introductions. One of the first things that your _ may do is to introduce you to co-workers. These co-workers will be important to you. They are the ones who will answer your questions when the boss is not around.
4. Ask plenty of questions. Make sure that your supervisor has told you what is expected of you. If he or she has not told you your duties, ask for a list. Set daily and weekly goals for yourself.
5. Never be the first one to leave. Watch what your co-workers do around quitting time  .  It does not look good for you to be eager  to leave.
The question is: Before you arrive at work, you should   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:dress in a right way
B:introduce yourself
C:know your duties
D:know your co-workers wellThis is a picture of a classroom. The classroom is big and clean. You can see a teacher's desk, six desks and seven chairs. You can see a girl and a boy ,too.
Four books are on the teacher's desk. A pencil case is on the desk. Two pens and two rulers are in the pencil case .A school bag is under a chair. A ball is on the floor.
The girl is Mary, She is 11.The boy is Jack. He is 12.They are is Class Two. They are friends. The teacher is Miss Smith. She is not here.
The question is: The two pens are  _
The possible answers are:
A:in the pencil case
B:on the teacher's desk.
C:on the floor
D:in the bagDo you have the experience of taking music lessons against your wishes? Perhaps you have complained about it because you thought it took you much playtime. But now you'd better thank your parents for their time and money spent on your musical training. A recent study suggests music lessons can make children have better memories than their peers  .
The Canadian study showed that after one year of musical training, children did better on a memory test than those who didn't take music lessons.
The researchers made the children aged between 4 and 6 into two groups -- one group of children took music lessons outside school, and the other didn't take any musical training. In one year, they took four tests in different times. The results showed brain development changes at least every four months.
The children taking music lessons not only did better in musical listening but also made faster progress in other ways, such as reading, writing, math and IQ.
People say music is the good medicine for a broken heart. Now it seems music can also help us to improve our memories. We are sure to find more and more in the wonderful world of music.
The question is: The researchers made one group of the children aged 4~6 take music lessons for  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:six months
B:a year
C:two years
D:a weekAudrey Hepburn won an Academy Award as Best Actress for her first major American movie, Roman Holiday, which was showed in 1953. But she is remembered as much for her help as for her acting.
Born in Belgium in 1929, Audrey's father was British and her mother was Dutch. Audrey was sent to live at a British school for part of her childhood. During World war II, she lived and studied in the Netherlands. Her mother thought it would be safe from German attacks. Audrey studied dance as a teenager and during college. But when she returned to London after the war she realized she wasn't going to be a ballet dancer. So she began taking acting parts in stage shows. Later she began to get small parts in movies.
But it was Audrey Hepburn's move to America that made her truly famous. In 1951 she played the character "Gigi" in the Broadway play Gigi and won popular praise. Two years later, Roman Holiday made her a star at the age of 24.
Audrey made more than 25 movies. Among her most popular roles was "Hoolly Golinghtly" in Breakfast at Tiffany's in 1961. Three years later she played "Eliza Doolittle" in My Fair Lady. She was married twice. In 1989, the UN Children's Fund named Audrey a goodwill ambassador. She travelled all over the world in support of UNICEF  projects. The UN agency said she was a tireless worker. She often gave 15 interviews a day to raise money and get support for UNICEF projects.
Audrey Hepburn often said her love to UNICEF was the result of her experiences as a child during World War II. She said she knew what it was like to be hungry and to be saved by international help. She was a goodwill ambassador until her death in 1993 from cancer.
The question is: How old was Audrey when she acted in Breakfast at Tiffany's?
The possible answers are:
A:32.
B:25.
C:24.
D:15.Here is some information about some of the wonders of the world. I am sure you will be interested in them.
The Pyramids of Egypt
There are about eighty pyramids known today. The most well-known was for Pharaoh  Khufu. It is known as the "Great Pyramid". It's also the largest one. Workers used about 2.3 million blocks of stone to build it. (A)20. 
The Hanging Gardens of Babylon
The garden sat on a hill. It was a large and wonderful structure . Many parts of the garden were high up on large columns . There were many big and green trees with lovely flowers. Although there are many different ideas about the garden, we are not sure whether this wonder ever existed !
The Lighthouse of Alexandria
The Lighthouse of Alexandria was designed about 2,000 years ago. It was in Egypt, too. (B) It was one of the ancient wonders of the world, about 135 metres high. It was once the highest building in the world. Although it doesn't exist now, many people come to see its relic  every year.
The question is: _   raised high up the parts of the garden.
The possible answers are:
A:Big green trees
B:Lovely flowers
C:Stones
D:Large columnsFor thousands of years, people have used plants to make medicines. They used different parts of the plants --the roots, the leaves, the flowers, and the bark  . Today, doctors have rediscovered more medicinal   values of some plants. Let's look at some examples.
Foxglove is a common plant. People have used it to make the heart slow down. Recently scientists have developed another drug from it. This new drug helps prevent other heart problems.
In some areas, _ has been a problem. Scientists have learned that the bark of a South American tree, the cinchona, can be made into a drug to prevent malaria. For a long time, the Chinese have known that a special plant, wormwood, can also fight malaria. Scientists have been working with it to develop new drugs against malaria.
In Germany, some scientists studied garlic   for four years. They found that it helps prevent the build-up of plaque   because too much plaque is bad for health. This very common plant continues to be studied.
As we know, there are about 250,000 kinds of flowering plants in the world. Scientists have only studied little more than one percent of plants for their medicinal value. Maybe medicines for AIDS and cancer will be made from the other 99 percent.
The question is: How many plants are mentioned in the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:3.
B:4.
C:5.
D:6Everyone has worries. How do you deal with your worries? There is always something you can do to help yourself feel less worried. Sitting there worrying is no fun and it won't solve your problems.
Grades at school are often a top worry for kids, If you worry most about grades, ask yourself these questions:
*  Why are grades important? What do grades mean to me?
*  How do I get ready for class? Do I go over my notes even when there isn't a test?
*  Do I have a good place to do my homework?
*  Have I tried different ways of studying?
If your worry is about a fight you had with your friend, you might write down ail the things you could do-write a note to him or her, invite him or her to watch a basketball game, say sorry to him or her and so on. Once you have a list of things you could do, you can choose one thing that could get your friend back.
You can ask for help when you're worried. You can find someone to talk to, such as your parents, friends, and teachers,
The question is: According to the passage, when you're worried, you'd better    _   .
The possible answers are:
A:work hard
B:talk to someone
C:get ready for class
D:write down your worriesAs China's influence grows, many students in the US are working hard to learn Chinese. Parents and education experts   in the US think Chinese speakers may have greater chances.
The number of schools that teach Chinese has grown. Ten years ago, only about 300 schools in the US had Chinese lessons. Today, about 1,600 schools teach Chinese.
Lomond Elementary School   in Ohio is one of them. Each week, all students in grades one through five have a one-hour Chinese class. They learn the language through songs, games and lots of talking.
"We're trying to make students interested in the language," teacher James told Times for Kids. "We think it's really important that all children receive these lessons," he says. "We'd like to do even more."
"Schools are looking to the future," says Nancy, a US education expert. "China is becoming a really powerful country. Young people should not only know the language but understand the culture." Students may not be thinking about the future, but they think learning Chinese language and culture is fun.
"We wish we could go to China one day." said Karl and his classmate, Walt, from Miami.
More than 40 million foreigners around the world are studying Chinese. About 50,000 people in the US are learning the language. Chinese has become the second most spoken foreign language in the US after Spanish.
The question is: At present, many American students are learning Chinese because  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:they wish to work in China
B:they would like to travel all over China
C:it is the most useful language in the world
D:China's influence growsThe world is not hungry, but it is thirsty. It seems strange that nearly 3/4 of the earth is covered with water while we say we are short of   water. Why? Because about 97% of water on the earth is sea water which we can't drink or use for watering plants directly. Man can only drink and use the 3%--- the water that comes from rivers and lakes. And we can't even use all of that, because some of it has been polluted.
Now more water is needed. The problem is: Can we avoid a serious water shortage   later on?
First we should all learn how to save water. Secondly, we should find out the ways to _ it. Scientists have always been making studies in the field. Today, in most large cities water is used only once and then runs to the sea or rivers. But it can be used again. Even if every large city reused its water, still there would not be enough. What could people turn to next?
The sea seems to have the best answer. There is a lot of water in the sea. All that needs to be done is to get the salt out of the sea water. This is expensive, but it's already used in many parts of the world. Scientists are trying to find a cheaper way of doing it. So you see, if we can find a way out, we'll be in no danger of drying up.
,,.
The question is: The world is thirsty because   _   .
The possible answers are:
A:3/4 of the earth is covered with water
B:we have enough sea water to use directly
C:we haven't used all the water in rivers and lakes
D:About 97% of water on the earth can't be drunk or used for watering plants directlyA father sat at his desk and looked at his bills when his young son rushed in and announced: "Dad, because today is your birthday and you're 40 years old, I'm going to give you 40 kisses, one for each year!" When the boy started making good on his word ( ) , the father shouted:  "Andrew, don't do it now. I'm too busy! "
The boy soon fell silent as tears fell from his big blue eyes. Feeling sorry, the father said: "You can finish later.  The boy said nothing but quietly walked away." That evening the father said:  "Come and finish the kisses now, Andrew!" But the boy didn't.
Unfortunately, a few days later after the father's birthday, the boy had an accident and died.  His sad father wrote: "If only(...,)I could tell him how sorry I am for my thoughtless words,  and how much my heart is hurting."
Love is a two-way street.  We must warmly accept any loving act,  or others will take it as a "NO" and it can leave a scar . If we don't receive love, our life will lose its true meaning.  Nothing is more important than accepting love from those who are near and dear to us .
,.
The question is: The boy felt  _  when his father refused him.
The possible answers are:
A:sorry
B:surprised
C:sad
D:excitedThe world is not only hungry but also thirsty for water. This may seem strange to you, since nearly 70% of the earth's surface is covered with water. But about 97% of that is sea water or salt water. Man can only drink and use the other 3% of fresh water from rivers, lakes, underground and so on. And we can not even use all of that because some of it has been made dirty.
Earth Day is April 22. But on all other days, we must also remember how important water is. The water that we use is the most important natural resource on the earth. Today we face serious water problems. One of them is water pollution. All kinds of things from cars, factories, farms and homes make our rivers, lakes and oceans dirty. Polluted water is very bad for people to drink. And dirty water is bad for fish, too.
How do cars and factories make our water dirty? First they pollute the air. Then when it rains, the rain water makes our drinking water dirty. Dirty rain, called acid rain is also bad for plants, animals and buildings. Scientists say that in 30 years, more than half of the people in the world won't have enough clean water. We have to learn how to stop wasting water. One of the first steps is to develop ways of reusing it. Today in most large cities, water is used only once and then sent out into a sewer system  . From there it returns to the sea or goes underground.
But even though every large city reused its water, we would still not have enough. So we should make use of sea water by removing the salt in it. If we can take these steps, fresh water won't be used up.
The question is: One difficult way we can solve the problem is to   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:use the water with salt in it
B:remove the salt from sea water
C:get water from underground
D:reuse the water in citiesTraveling is one of the most important things and people have been interested in it for many years. Modern traffic develops  fast. So traveling to different places has become much easier than before.
Staying healthy while traveling can make your trip happier. But do you know how to keep healthy during a trip? The following information may be useful for you.
Before traveling:
Wear comfortable shoes, a hat and sunglasses.
Take some necessary medicine with you. They can be used when you get sick or have other problems.
If you do lots of sports like walking or climbing during your trip, you should do some exercise for weeks or months before you leave.
While traveling:
Be sure not to eat dirty food or bad fruit.
Have enough time to take a rest during your trip.
Tap water is not safe, so drink bottled water and always clean the cover of the bottle.
The question is: The passage mainly talks about   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:traveling development
B:how to keep healthy during a trip
C:what to do before traveling
D:what to do while travelingWhen Steven was a young boy, he moved quite often with his family and so he never had many friends. He spent a lot of time on his own and liked to play with electronic things. Steven had a neighbour, Steve Wozniak. Steve was a little bit younger than Steven but also liked to play with electronic things. Steven made a microphone and Steve asked him many questions about it until he understood how it worked. Steven liked the fact that such a young boy was also interest ed in electronic things and so he taught him everything he knew.
When they were a little older and knew more about electronic things, they made a "blue box". People could make free phone calls by breaking into the phone company's system with this box. They sold this to many people even though it was illegal , but this is not why they are famous today.
Steven and Steve were the inventors of the first PC--personal computer. They called their first computer the Apple I. They invented it only for fun and to make themselves known among their friends. They did not think it would become so popular. They just liked playing computer games on it. Their computer made it cheaper and easier for people to own and use a computer. Their PCs were so popular that they made a new PC called the Apple II. Soon many schools, families and factories were using their computers.
Without the two clever men, the personal computers might never have appeared.
The question is: Which of the following is TRUE?
The possible answers are:
A:Steve became interested in electronic things after Steven made a microphone.
B:Steve and Steven had done something illegal.
C:The Apple 1 was the first computer in the world.
D:Factories don't use PCs.Mr and Mrs White live in the country(   ). Christmas Day (  )is coming. They want to buy some clothes for their family in the city . In the morning, Mr and Mrs White have breakfast. Then they go shopping in their car at 8:30. They get to a store at 9:40. In the store they see a lot of clothes. Mrs White likes the clothes very much. So she buys a T-shirt for their son, a skirt for their daughter, and a sweater for Mr White. She buys a hat for herself , too. After that, Mr White is very tired and hungry . He looks at his watch. Then he says, "Oh, it's 4:00 in the afternoon, that's too late. I think we must go home now." So they begin to go home. But they lose their way. Mr White can't find the way home. He sees an old man and asks him, "Excuse me, sir. Where am I?" The old man looks at him and the car, "You're in your car, sir." he says.
The question is: Mr White buys   _   for her daughter.
The possible answers are:
A:a hat
B:a T-shirt
C:a skirt
D:a sweaterHello, I'm Linda. This is a photo of my friend's family. Her name is Jane. These are her parents, Jeff Brown and Emily Brown. Those are her brothers, Harry and Dick. Is that her grandfather? Yes, it is. His name is Henry.
.
The question is: Jane is Linda's  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:sister
B:mother
C:friend
D:motherTwenty years ago, I drove a taxi for a living. Once at midnight, an old lady in her 80s took my taxi. She gave me an address, and then asked, "Could you drive through downtown?"
"It's not the shortest way," I answered quickly.
"Oh, I don't mind," she said. "I'm in no hurry. I'm on my way to a hospice  . I don't have any family left. The doctor says I don't have very long time."
I quietly shut off the meter. "What route would you like me to take?" I asked.
For the next two hours, we drove through the city. She showed me the building where she had once worked, the neighborhood where she and her husband had lived, the place where she danced as a girl. As the sun was rising, she asked me to go to the address she had given me.
"How much do I owe you?" she asked, reaching into her purse.
"Nothing," I said.
"You have to make a living," she answered.
"There are other passengers."
"You gave an old woman a little moment of joy," she said. "Thank you."
I drove into the fine morning light. Behind me, a door shut. It was the sound of the closing of a life. I drove aimlessly ,lost in thought. For the rest of that day, I could hardly talk. What if that woman had gotten an angry driver, or one who was impatient to end his shift? What if I had refused to take the run?
The question is: The old woman chose to ride through the city in order to   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:show she was familiar with the city
B:see some places for the last time
C:let the driver earn more money
D:reach the destination on timeKindergartens may teach you very important things you need to know. Dancy, a 5-year-old boy, saved his father's life with the skills he learned.
The boy's father became seriously ill on the way home from a father-son shopping. He couldn't speak and could hardly move, but he tried hard to stop the car safely. At that point, Dancy used his father's phone to call his mother for help. The 5-year-old boy tried his best to give her useful information and he was able to tell where they were. Just as he had learned in the kindergarten, Dancy read the letters he saw on a nearby store sign: "F,U,R,N,I,T,U,R,E." But that wasn't enough for his mother to find them. Then he added that they were near a bridge. Finally, his mother understood he was talking about a store called Furniture 22 on New Jersey's Route 22. The mother called 911 and the father was saved in time.
"He just thought his dad needed help," Dancy's mother told the reporter. She also pointed out that her husband was a hero, too. "It is surprising for him to get off the highway and get himself and his child to safety even when he was so sick," she said.
Shine, head of the kindergarten, felt proud of his pupil. "Dancy's spelling skills helped him seize the moment," he said. "And that's the real value of education."
The question is: Which of the following is TRUE according to the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:Dancy drove his father home.
B:The reporter was really a hero.
C:Shine sent Dancy's father to hospital.
D:Dancy saved his father with his spelling skills.A UN report said that around 60 million people across the world are drinking polluted water. Some 4,500 children die every day because of polluted water.
A report showed that environmental problems kill 3 million children under five years old each year, making them one of the key contributors   in more than 10 million child deaths each year.
Dangerous factors   include indoor and outdoor air pollution, water pollution.
Another study showed that parents and scientists from seven countries including the United States and India think pollution is the biggest threat   to children's living environment.
Mrs Green tries to teach her daughter Susan by setting a personal example. She picks out recyclable   waste and uses the water from the washing machine to wash the toilet.
Chinese children mostly learn about environmental protection in school. Some non-governmental organizations and child centres also teach kids to protect the environment. "More parents have known about it. Family is now playing a more important role," says a Chinese official.
Vera Lehmann, a German scientist says many Chinese now think more of pollution. "I was surprised to find many schools in China are willing to educate the children on environment," Lehmann said. "There has been a big change between now and ten years ago when I first travelled here."
The question is: What's the best title of the article?
The possible answers are:
A:Children today are in poor condition
B:Teaching children to stay green
C:Children died of environmental pollution
D:The biggest problem in the worldPeter is a tall boy. He is 1.8  meters tall. He lives in Canada. On Sunday morning he likes to go to see his friend. Her name is Alan. She is a girl. She has a good garden . There are many trees and rose in the garden. They are apple trees oranges trees and other fruit trees. There are lots of fruits on the trees. There are many birds in the garden, too. They are happy. The birds sing in the trees. Peter and Alan listen to the birds and sing songs with them. They draw pictures of birds.
It's lunch-time. They are hungry. They go to a restaurant. Peter would like some dumplings. Alan wants to have a bowl of noodles. They order them for lunch.
The question is: They have lunch  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:in school
B:In Alan's home
C:in peter's home
D:in a restaurantFor Chinese students nowadays, no matter what kind of schools they are going to universities, high schools and even primary schools, they have to face and tackle the problem of learning English. All examinations they want to pass require them to first pass English. English has become the most popular course in tutorial classes and even in the self-study classroom.
When nearly all students' attention is focused on English, looking at the situation of our mother language, even Chinese _ get confused about its use. Not only have many new words and phrases which are very popular on the Internet started to fill in every corner of the society, common use of Chinese is full of mistakes and misunderstandings are all around.
Chinese has the most speakers of any world language and also one of the oldest in history. Around the world, many countries have started enthusiastically learning Chinese and Chinese has become one of the most important foreign languages in some foreign countries.
Besides, there are 282 Confucius Institutions around 88 countries and regions in the world that are teaching Chinese, while more than 260 institutions from 50 countries and regions applied to establish Confucius Institutions. The number of people learning Chinese is about 50 million outside China.
For those foreigners that are so crazy about Chinese language, what kind of attitude should the Chinese have? Frankly speaking, learning English itself shouldn't have been criticized too much, and we need to learn English to communicate with the world to show our culture and society.
,.
The question is: Chinese is/has  _  around the world.
The possible answers are:
A:the most speakers
B:the oldest in history
C:the most popular
D:the most importantTom was the only person alive after a shipwreck, the sea water washed up on a small island.There was nobody on the island,Tom hoped someone could come to save him,and every day he looked at the sea,but he didn't see any ship.
A few days later,Tom built a little hut for himself.But then one day, after looking for food,he arrived home and found his little hut was on fire.The smoke went up to the sky,the worst thing happened,everything was lost,Tom was so sad and angry.He cried.Early next day,however,the sound of a ship woke him up.The ship was coming close to the island.It came to save him!
"How did you know I was here?"Tom asked the men from the ship.
"We saw your smoke,"they answered.
It is easy to get sad when things are going bad,but we shouldn't lose hope.Remember,next time little hut is on fire and we lost everything,maybe the smoke is calling for help for us.For all the bad things happen to us,life has good answers for them.
The question is: Why did Tom cry one day?
The possible answers are:
A:There was nobody on the island.
B:He didn't see any ship come to save him.
C:His little hut was on fire and everything was lost.
D:He couldn't find any food on the island.This past month saw one of the most devastating storms in history brings death and destruction on the Philippines. The number of lives lost is still being calculated, but it is already sitting above five thousand. In the flurryof news about the storm and its after-math, the cries of "I told you so" from environmentalists rang out loud and clear.
These scientists were especially vocal during the United Nations Climate Change Conference, which just wrapped up in Warsaw, Poland. The timing of the conference and Typhoon Haiyan was an eerie coincidence, but perhaps the concurrence offered a wakeup call for all.
Christiana Figures, Executive Secretary of the UN Framework Convention on Climate Change (UNFCCC) said, "We are witnessing ever more frequent extreme weather events, and the poor and vulnerable are already paying the price."
Scientists claim that storms like Typhoon Haiyan are an inevitable result of the effect greenhouse gases are having on our environment. Environmental analysts claim that rising temperatures around the globe and changing weather patterns are all part of the same problem.
This isn't breaking news. We've heard the warnings for years. The UN has been hosting the Climate Change Conference since1995.But the changes that need to be made are huge. Added to this, the developed nations and developing countries have competing interests that are difficult to settle. The issue of who takes responsibility becomes difficult to resolve.
We may feel far away from Poland and resolving conflicts between countries, but we mustn't feel far away from the issue. When we watch neighboring countries suffer in severe weather, when we hear reports of increasing global temperatures, when we walk outside and find it difficult to breathe the Shanghai air, we know we have a very real problem. So what are we going to do about it? Are we making every-day choices that can have a positive impact? Are we reducing our carbon footprint? Are we choosing to walk, ride a bicycle or take public transportation instead of a car? Are we recycling? Are we turning off the lights and electronics whenever possible?
The problem is complex, but saving our earth starts with each of us taking simple steps.
The question is: What is the most terrible typhoon in 2013? It is   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:Haiyan
B:Bebinca
C:Danas
D:CimaronMany children love to play with snow in winter. But Long Chuan has come to hate it.
This year his hometown suffered from snowstorms   for nearly a month. The heavy snow stopped cars and trains, broke the electricity   tower and turned tap water to ice.
Every day Long Chuan had to walk several kilometers to carry drinking water. "I couldn't ride a bike and it took me 3 hours to walk to school. I can't remember how many times I slipped   on the hard ice, " said Long Chuan.
Long is not alone. This year millions of people in central and southern China had a freezing winter without enough water and electricity. The biggest snowstorms in 50 years killed more than 100 people. They also cost the country 111.1 billion yuan.
Experts   say a special type of climate condition  , La Nina, caused the storms. During a La Nina, the water in the Pacific Ocean   near the equator   becomes colder than usual. It changes the weather around the world.
Besides China, Canada, the US and Middle Eastern countries also met with heavy snowstorms this winter. The special climate caused the recent flooding   in Australia, too.
However, experts say that people have destroyed the environment  . Global warming   may be causing these terrible weather events to happen more and more often.
The question is: During the snowstorms this year, Long Chuan    _  .
The possible answers are:
A:had to walk to carry drinking water
B:had to ride a bike to school
C:couldn't go to school on foot
D:couldn't play with snowDear Mary,
I am not happy these days. I am new in this class, you know, but I don' t have any friends here. I always have to keep quiet and put my heart into my study. I thought things would be fine.
It's very hard for me to be happy and sometimes I get lost in thought. So I can't follow the teacher. I know it is not right like this, but I can't control myself in class. Then my study is bad now. Some students make fun of me. I feel hurt , but I don't show my anger. In fact, I have to hide  my unhappiness. I feel terrible.
Dear Mary, I really don't know what to do now, Can you help me?
Yours,
Jane
,A, B, C, D,, .
The question is: Why is Jane sad?
The possible answers are:
A:Her classmates are good to her.
B:She has no friends at the old school.
C:She has no friends at the new school.
D:She doesn't like her school.People have always wanted to know what our future will look like. Go on reading this text, and you will know what will happen in the next fifty years.
How can we know what the future will look like? To be able to understand the future, you have to know the past, what has taken us to where we are today and what has changed along the way? The world has changed a lot in the last 150 years, but people are driven by the same basic needs as they were 150 years ago. Will this change in the next 150 years? No.
What inventions have really made a different in the last 150 years? In the past years, the inventions that have changed most people's everyday life are telephone, radio, television, computer, the car and the internet. Then we of course have a lot of inventions that have made life easier, like new medicine, faster cars, trains, etc. In general, people have been working hard in the last 150 years to make inventions that will make the world a better place. Since there is still much to do in the area, this will be important for at least the next 150 years.
Why do we need to guess the future? Guessing the future is important for two reasons: First, we need to start to think about what kind of future we would like for ourselves and our children. And then we need to know what decisions we need to make today that will give us the best future.
The question is: What will humans do in order to keep the world under control?
The possible answers are:
A:To produce more cars for transportation.
B:To spend more time working on the Internet.
C:To work much harder to achieve their goals.
D:To focus on making more inventions.Tom was three years old. He liked to watch TV with his parents after supper, but his parents never let him stay long. Mother would say, "It's eight o'clock now. It's time for you to go to bed, Tom."
"But why don't you go to bed, too?" Tom always asked.
"We are adults  ," mother would say, "And adults go to bed late."
One evening Tom asked his mother for an apple.
"But it's too late," his mother didn't want to give him anything to eat at bedtime. "The apples are already asleep."
"But not all of them, Mom." Tom said, "The baby apples are perhaps asleep, but their parents are surely awake."
The question is: His mother didn't want to give anything to him to eat  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:in the morning
B:in the afternoon
C:at bedtime
D:at noonIn my city, people have breakfast around seven. We drink warm tea or milk in the morning. Many people have some bread, eggs or hamburgers.
Around noon it is the lunchtime. Many people take their food to schools or their work-places. Some people like going to a restaurant*or having fast food in a McDonald's. But I think these foods are unhealthy. We can have some meat with some vegetables or rice. Healthy fish slowly replaces* beef and pork. It's healthy to drink one glass of water or juice after lunch.
At six or seven in the evening, it's time for dinner. At this time, families usually get together*to have dinner at home. We often have warm food. Sometimes we go to restaurants to eat.
The question is: Which is RIGHT  according to the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:We should have a big breakfast with family.
B:We cannot have some meat with rice.
C:Food in McDonald's is good.
D:People usually have dinner at home with family.
loyal  
hurt  
ideal    
useful  
museum    
restaurant  
replace  ,
togetherEverybody makes decisions in daily life. They can be as important as what you will do in the future or as simple as what you will eat for breakfast. Any decision could be the turning point of your life.
I made an important decision when I was in Junior 3.
Before I made that decision I was one of the boys who tried too hard to act as an adult. I didn't know that only kids want to show themselves as adults.
I didn't listen to my parents and teachers, and my grades became poor. Then came the high school entrance exam.
At the turning point of my life, my mom wanted to have a conversation with me. I wanted to turn it down but when I looked at her eyes, I felt I couldn't refuse. Instead of asking me to study hard, to my surprise, Mom just asked what I wanted to do in the future. Without thinking too much, I just said I would like to study hard.
Mom smiled and asked again: "I asked: what do you WANT to do?"
I never seriously thought about the question. So, I kept silent.
"Whether you want to go on studying or enter the society," she went on, "it is your own decision. Your life ought to be decided by you, not by anyone else, including me. " After saying that, she had tears in her eyes.
For the first time in my life I was asked to make my own decision. I sat in my chair and thought about myself, my life and what kind of person I wanted to become.
It took me what seemed to be ages to make the biggest decision so far in my life--I wanted to be a man who makes a difference in the world. To achieve that, I needed to study hard.
The path to my future became clear to me. I didn't act rebelliously  any more. With passion   in my heart, I studied hard.
Now, I'm 17 and I'm in one of the best schools in my city, in one of the best classes at the school and I am one of the best students in the class.
Thanks to that decision, I have become what I am today.
The question is: What was the writer like before the decision?
The possible answers are:
A:His grades became poor.
B:He tried too hard not to act as an adult.
C:He was one of the top students in his class.
D:He did what his teachers and his parents asked him to do.Jim is a young farmer. He was once put into prison( ).
One day, he got a letter from his mother. " I'm so worried about our farm,"she wrote."it's time to plant potatoes. I can't dig ( ) all the fields( ) by myself."
Jim read the letter and became sad. " What can I do?" he thought. Then he had a good idea. He wrote to his mother," don't dig the fields. There is much money in the earth. Don't plant potatoes until I come home."
Some days later, Jim got another letter from his mother. It said, " Two days ago, about ten men came to our farm and dug all the fields. I can't understand it. It seemed that they were looking for something. What should I do?"
Jim smiled when he read his mother's letter. He wrote a letter to his mother at once. It was very short. Guess what it would say.
The question is: What would it say in Jim's second letter?
The possible answers are:
A:I will go out of prison very soon.
B:You can plant potatoes now, dear mother.
C:I can't help you, dear mother.
D:The guards will plant potatoes.Hello! My name is Joy. I'm a girl. I'm eleven. I'm in Class Eight, Grade Seven. This is my friend, Joan. She is twelve. She is in a Middle school. She is in Class Seven, Grade Eight. My English teacher is Miss White, but her English teacher is Miss Green. Look!Who's that? Oh, she's my mum. She's a Chinese teacher.
The question is: Joan is   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:eleven
B:twelve
C:thirteen
D:fourteenToday is July 20th.Mr Smith is going to have a trip.This is his travel plan.
Dep.="depart;" leave arr.=arrive
21 July dep. New York 12:25
23 July dep. Ottawa 14:20
arr. Toronto 17:15
25 July dep. Toronto 09:45
arr. Tokyo 15:10
29 July dep. Tokyo 14:20
Arr. Sydney 20:05
2 August dep. Sydney 08:20
Arr. New York 16:25
The question is: How long is Mr Smith traveling?
The possible answers are:
A:9 days.
B:10 days.
C:11 days.
D:12 days.One Saturday, Bob decides to take a drive through the countryside. After a few hours, he sees a dog walking behind a man on the side of the road. As the car comes near them, the dog jumps into the road. Of course, the car hits the poor animal and kills it.
Bob stops his car and walks up to the man. "I'm very sorry," he says. "Is there anything I can do? Will $10 help?"
"Oh, but...," says the man.
"I should tell you..."
"Stop! You're right. Maybe $10 isn't enough! That dog was your best friend!"
Bob then takes $30 out of his pocket and gives it to the man. Then he thanks the man and drives away.
After Bob leaves, the man looks down at the dog and says: "I wonder whose dog that is."
The question is: _   kills the dog.
The possible answers are:
A:The man
B:The car
C:Bob
D:The man's friend.Tom and I are good friends. Tom is an English boy, but I am a Chinese girl. My name is Li Hua. He is 12 and I am 13. He is in Class One. I'm in Class One, too.
Tom has a nice football. He can play it. I have a computer. I can play computer games, but I can't play football. It's difficult. Tom teaches   me to play football, and I teach him to play computer games. Now I can play football and Tom can play computer games.
The question is: Li Hua is   _  , but Tom is   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:Chinese; Chinese
B:Chinese; English
C:English; Chinese
D:English; EnglishThe date was like any other day in his life. After school Bill walked past the shop on the street corner. He stopped to look at the front row of shoes, and he felt sorry for himself. He really wanted to have a pair for his birthday.
He sadly walked away and thought of what to tell his mother. He knew she would give him anything if she could. But he also knew very well she had little money. He decided not to go home at once, because he looked worried and he didn't want to make his mother worry about it. So he went to the park and there he sat on the grass. Then he saw a girl in a wheelchair . He found that the girl moved the wheels with her hands. Bill looked at her carefully and he was surprised to see that the girl had no feet. He looked down at his own feet."It's much better to be without shoes than without feet," he thought. It was not right for him to feel sorry and sad. He went away and smiled. He thought he was luckier in life.
The question is: At last Bill   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:got a new pair of shoes for his birthday
B:left the park with a smile
C:didn't think he was luckier than the girl
D:didn't know what to doYears ago a farmer owned land along the Atlantic seacoast. He constantly advertised for hired hands but never made it because most people were afraid of the awful storms.
Finally, a short, thin man, approached  the farmer. "Are you a good farmhand?" the farmer asked him.
"Well, I can sleep when the wind blows," answered the little man.
Although puzzled by this answer, the farmer still hired  him. The little man worked well around the farm, busy all day, and the farmer felt pleased with the man's work.
Then one night the wind blew strongly. Jumping out of the bed, the farmer carried a lantern and rushed next door to the hired man's sleeping quarters. Farmer shook the little man and shouted, "Get up! A storm is coming! Tie things down before they blow away!"
But the little man said firmly, "No sir. I told you, I can sleep when the wind blows."
The farmer had no time to lose his temper. Instead, he hurried outside to prepare for the storm. To his surprise, he found everything had been prepared. The cows were in the barn, the chickens were in the coops, and the doors were barred. The shutters were tightly secured. Everything was tied down. Nothing could blow away. The farmer then understood what his hired man meant.
When you're prepared, spiritually, mentally and physically , you have nothing to worry about. Can you sleep when the wind blows through your life? The hired man in the story was able to sleep because he had protected the farm against the storm.
The question is: The writer wanted to tell us   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:always hire a hard-working man
B:never blame your man when you don't know everything
C:never sleep soundly when wind blows
D:always be prepared before things comeA 13-year-old American has made a cheap machine that can help blind people read.
The blind can read by using _ - a system of small bumps   that the blind touch to read the letters. The machine that makes these small bumps usually costs at least $2,000. It is called Braille writer. The American schoolboy, Shubham Banerjee, made a new Braille writer from a Lego tool that lets people create robots. Banerjee has called his new machine the Braigo - a combination   of the words Braille and Lego. It costs just $ 350. It works by changing electronic text into Braille and then printing it using a computer or mobile machine.
Banerjee designed   his Braigo last year for a school science exhibition. Since then, he has caught the interest of Silicon Valley in the USA. The big technology company Intel spent money on Banerjee's machine last November, but they did not say how much money they put in. Banerjee also got $35, 000 from his father to help him start the project. His father works as a computer engineer   at Intel. He spoke about why he gave so much money to his son, saying:"We as parents started to be interested more, thinking that he's on to something and this invention has to continue." Banerjee told the AP News: "My dream would probably be having most of the blind people...using my Braigo."
The question is: How much will one save if he buys a Braigo instead of a usual Braille writer?
The possible answers are:
A:Over $2,000.
B:Less than $350.
C:Exactly $35,000.
D:At least $1,650.New rules and behaviour standards for middle school students came out in March Middle School is going to use a new way to decide who the top students are. The best students won't only have high marks. They will also be kids who don't dye their hair, smoke or drink. The following are some of the new rules.
Tell the truth. Have you ever copied someone else's work on an exam? Don't do it again! That's not something an honest student should do. If you have played computer games for two hours in your room, don't tell your parents you have done homework.
Do more at school. Good students love animals and care for other people. April is Bird-Loving Month in China. Is your school doing anything to celebrate? You should join! That way, you can learn more about animals and how to protect them. When more people work together, it makes it more fun for everyone.
Have you ever quarreled with your teammates when your basketball team lost? Only working together can make your team stronger. Be friendly to the people you are with. Try to think of others, not only yourself.
Be open to new ideas. Have you ever thought that people could live on the moon? Maybe you'll discover Earth II someday. Don't look down on new ideas. Everyone's ideas are important. You should welcome them, because new ideas make life better for everyone.
Protect yourself. Has someone ever taken money from one of your classmates? Don't let it happen to you. If you have to go home late, you should let your parents know.
Use the Internet carefully. The Internet can be very useful for your studies. But some things on the Internet aren't for kids, so try to look at Web pages that are good for you. You can use the Web for fun or homework. Can't you find any good Web sites for children? Here are some:
http://kids.eastday.com.
http://www.chinakids.net.com
http://www.cycnet.com
The question is: Good Web sites for children can   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:be a waste of time
B:make life easier
C:do homework for them
D:help them with their studiesChina is the first developing country to host the Olympic Games in modern Olympic history. It hopes to learn from other countries that have held Olympic Games. As well as new buildings, the government   wants more people to work in all the services  in Beijing. There are a lot more people in the city, because of all the visitors to the Olympics. The city also need more places to eat and drink, because visitors eat out a lot.
The government says the Beijing Olympics are "green", "hi-tech" , and "the People's Olympics". They want everyone to feel part of the Olympics. So the Chinese people have prepared for the Olympics too. Many people  learn English to work as guides in 2008.
The Beijing organizers   make sure everything that is built for the Olympics can be used after the Games are over. So the Chinese people  work for the Olympics and they can benefit  from the Olympics too. When the Olympics are over, the people of Beijing can use the swimming pools and other Olympics sports centers.
The question is: What does this passage want to tell us?
The possible answers are:
A:The people in Beijing enjoy learning English.
B:The new buildings for the Olympics are very modern.
C:Everyone in China is great.
D:Everyone in China should do something for the Olympics and can also get a lot from the Olympics.Hello, everyone! My name is Bob. I have a good friend. His name is Paul. He is a yellow dog. I like him very much.
Every morning Paul runs with me, and we play in the park every afternoon. Paul is very fat. He likes eating beef hamburgers for breakfast. For dinner, he likes fish. Paul likes red. He has two red hats. Look! They are on my bed.
But Paul is lost now. Please help me. My telephone number is 312-3216. My E-mail address is _ . Thanks.
The question is: Bob writes the passage  to   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:thank Paul
B:introduce  Paul
C:ask for help
D:show his loveThese classmates all had good jobs and made lots of money. They talked happily. Then their talk soon turned to complaining about the stress   in work and life. The teacher went to the kitchen and came back with a large pot of coffee and many cups--china   ones, plastic ones and glass ones. Some are plain   looking, some are expensive and some are lovely. The teacher told them to help themselves to the coffee.
When all the students had a cup of coffee in hand, the teacher said, "Can you notice that all of you took nice-looking expensive cups, leaving behind the plain and cheap ones? You want only the best for yourselves, and that is the source   of your problems."
"What all of you really wanted was coffee, not the cup, but you went for the best cups and then began looking at each other's cups."
"Now think about this: life is the coffee, and the jobs, money and position   in society are the cups. They are just tools to hold, and do not change the life. Sometimes, by caring only about the cups, we fail to enjoy the coffee. So don't let the cups drive you, and enjoy the coffee instead."
The question is: What did the group of classmates get together for?
The possible answers are:
A:Visiting their old teacher.
B:Enjoying coffee.
C:Complaining about their stress in work and life.
D:Showing each other's good jobs.A girl complained to her father about her hard life. She didn't know what she had to do and wanted to give up. She felt tired of fighting and fighting. One problem had been finished but another came over.
Her father, a cook, took her into the kitchen. He poured water into three pans and boiled  them. After boiling, in the first pan was put some carrots, the second was put some eggs and the last was put with coffee.
The girl waited impatiently, confused  by what her father did. About 20 minutes later, her father took out the carrots and put them in a bowl. He took the eggs and put them in a bowl. After that the coffee was poured into a cup. "My sweet heart, what do you see?" he asked.
"Carrots, eggs and coffee." she replied.
Her father told her to close her eyes and asked her to touch the carrots. She did so and felt that the carrots were soft. After that he asked her to take the eggs and break them. After peeling  them, she got the eggs, cooked and hard. The last, the father let her smell the coffee. She asked, "What did you do this for, father?" He explained that each had the same unlucky experience -- the boiling water, but each had a different result. The strong and hard carrots had become soft and weak. The _ eggs became hard after being cooked. The coffee was very special, it could change water. "Who are you?" asked her father. "When bad luck knocks at your door, what is your decision? Are you carrots, eggs or coffee?"
The question is: After about twenty minutes,the carrots became  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:soft
B:hard
C:salty
D:sweetMy name is Lucy. I come from America. I am now in China.  I study in Hangzhou Shulan Middle School. There are many clubs in our school. They are an English club, an art club, a music club, a ball game club, a swimming club, a chess club and a computer club. There is a "Show Yourselves !" Festival in our school every year. On that day, students from different clubs show their talents in different ways. They can sing English songs, draw and paint beautiful pictures. They can play the guitar, the violin, the piano, and the trumpets. They can also play chess and show us their swimming skills. They like the festival very much.  I join the art club, and I paint the ads  for them . Giving  help makes me happy.
The question is: The students from the art club show their talents by(......)   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:singing English songs
B:painting nice pictures
C:playing beautiful music
D:showing their drawing skillsWhen I was a girl of 10, I joined the school cross-country team and practiced twice a week, on the 1,8-km course I'd never really run before and I thought the course would be easy. It was a real shock I ran out of breathe within the first few minutes. I never realized how tiring running could be but I didn't t think about give up.
Over time,I did get a little bit faster. However, I was really slow. In races, I would finish close to last. I'd always have to stop more than once, especially in the longer races, which were 2. 5 to 2. 8 km. After every race, I'd go home and cry. But 1 still didn't stop running, holding onto that picture of crossing the finishingline and finally doing well.
Then one of my friends joined the team, too. She could run easily and even came in the 18thin a big race! I felt so slow and my confidence  was lower than ever. I became so nervous when I thought of the races that I wanted to give up badly.
Still. I refund to. Finally. 1 realized that the reason I was to nervous was that I was always worried that I wasn't ready for them. So a few weeks before the next 2. 8-km race. I practiced running almost 3 km every day. which helped me improve my pace .
When the time came for the big race, all that practicing really _ . I stopped only once and my pace was so much better.
I realized that I'd finally gotten happiness with running. But the funny thing was. It didn't come from doing better, Instead, it came from the fact that I hid tried harder and never given up.
The question is: It can be inferred  from the passage that the writer  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:got angry with her friend
B:wasn't pleased with herself
C:was a person with a strong mind
D:had no Interest In runningHave you ever had a science class that you look forward to? It doesn't happen often. But when you have a teacher like Mrs. Rheineck, it's more than a science class. It's a science class where learning is easy and fun. There is no getting down to a huge textbook or listening to a teacher about something you don't care about.
My experience with Mrs. Rheineck didn't start with science class, but with her as my tutor(,). I was always a weak reader and wasn't getting any better. My parents told me I needed to be tutored.
One day after school, I went into the library with my mom for my first tutoring time. I had no idea who was tutoring me. My mom practically had to pull me into the library. The first thing we did was to play a game to get to know each other and get rid of the awkwardness (,). We didn't even play a reading game.
We also went around the library and I got to pick out a book I wanted to read. She didn't make me read a boring textbook about something I didn't care about. I didn't even pick a book. I picked out a magazine about remote control cars. I thought to myself, how bad could it be? I got to read about remote control cars. She told me even though I was reading a magazine, I was still reading. After the first magazine, she picked out a book she liked. I would read a chapter  and then she would read a chapter to me, this way I didn't have to read for long periods of time.
As I got better and faster at reading, I was able to read two chapters in the same amount of time, which used to take me to read one chapter.
Reading is one of the most important things in high school and college to be successful. If it wasn't for her, I would not be the reader I am today and I thank her for that.
The question is: At the library, the writer   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:chose any book he was interested in
B:played a reading game with Mrs. Rheineck
C:was asked to read one chapter after another
D:had to read textbooks rather than magazinesBob comes out of the station and at once he doesn't know where to go. He comes to see his good friend, Peter. Peter is a worker. He works in a factory, but Bob doesn't know where the factory is.
He walks along the street. He passes a hospital, a post office, a bookshop and at last he gets to a school. Some students are coming out, so he asks one of them," Excuse me. Do you know where the Red Star Factory is?"
"Of course, I know. I live near there. My father works in that factory. It's outside this town," answers the boy.
"Is it far from here? Can you show me the way, please?" Bob asks again.
"I'm going home now. Will you come with me? We can go there by bus. "
The question is: Where do the boy and Bob go then?
The possible answers are:
A:To the bookshop.
B:To a bus stop.
C:To the post office.
D:To the hospital.Living in a foreign culture can be exciting, but it can also be confusing . A group of Americans who taught English in other countries recently discussed their experiences. They decided that miscommunications were always possible, even over something as simple as"yes"and"no".
On her first day in Micronesia, an island in the Pacific, Lisa thought people weren't paying any attention to her. The day was hot. She went into a store and asked, "Do you have cold drinks? "The woman there didn't say anything. Lisa repeated the question. Still the woman said nothing. She later learned that the woman had answered her: She had raised her eyebrows , which in Micronesia means"yes".
Jan remembered an experience she had in Bulgaria, a country in Europe. She went to a restaurant that was known for its cabbage. She asked the waiter, "Do you have cabbage today? "He nodded his head. Jan waited, but the cabbage never came. In that country, a nod means"no".
Tom had a similar problem when he arrived in India. After explaining something in class, he asked his students if they understood. They answered with many different nods and shakes of the head. He thought some people had not understood, so he explained again. When he asked again, they did the same thing. He soon found out that his students did understand. In India, people nod and shake their heads in different ways depending on where they come from. You have to know where a person is from to understand whether they mean"yes"or"no".
The question is: Which of the following is TRUE according to this passage?
The possible answers are:
A:In Bulgaria, nodding heads means no.
B:Jan taught English on a Pacific island.
C:Lisa was trying to buy some cabbage.
D:In India, only shaking heads means"yes".Dear Sir,
Good day! I want to become a pilot  , because my cousin is a pilot . I think he is great. He is cool when he wears his pilot uniform. If I become a pilot , my parents will be proud  of me and I can travel around the world . I am in the third grade in a university. I'm tall with medium build; I'm quite healthy and strong. I like playing sports .If I have a chance to become a pilot, I will have a great time flying in the blue sky. I believe I can be a good pilot .The problem is that I can't  afford  my dream .You know, to be a pilot needs a lot of money. My parents are both workers. They don't have much money. Could you help me find a sponsor ( ),sir?
And how can I get a scholarship  ?
I am _ your help, sir?
If you have time, you can e-mail me at www,cn,com . Your help will mean a lot, sir.
Once again good day and thank you.
Yours   Wei
The question is: What's Wei's problem ?
The possible answers are:
A:He isn't tall enough.
B:He is a university student.
C:He doesn't have much money.
D:His parents can't afford his dreams.A few years ago, I worked at a church . Since my son was home schooling, he went with me to the church every day. Most mornings, we'd stop at a local store, and get a chocolate drink for him and a cup of coffee for me.
The clerk  at the store made our lives more enjoyable each day, and so we returned again and again. She had found her own way of enjoying life and her job. I'm not even sure if she realized that her warmth and brightness put a smile upon the face of each customer .
When a customer brought cakes to the counter, any other clerk could have asked: "Would you like some milk with those cakes?" Instead, she asked: "Would you like a lottery ticket  with those cakes?"
She might have asked me if I wanted sugar with my coffee. But instead, she asked: "Would you like some batteries  with that coffee?"
Yes, life is what you make of it. This clerk's method of dealing with what some think is a boring job, and with the customers she met daily, made the hours in her day more enjoyable. In doing that, she also refreshed the lives of others and made them laugh.
Sometimes, if my day at the church had been very tiring, we'd stop at that store before going home. We'd giggle   as we left the store, the clerk's words echoing   behind us.
"Would you like some shampoo   with that orange juice?"
The question is: The clerk at the store may ask the customers, "  _  "
The possible answers are:
A:Would you like some milk with the cakes?
B:Would you like some bread with the milk?
C:Would you like batteries with the toys?
D:Would you like pencils with the cake?Many overseas Chinese make their kids learn the Chinese language because they don't want them to lose their mother language.
In the city of Portland in the USA, there is a weekend Chinese school in a church. In the school, there are Chinese kids and American kids. They study Chinese on Saturdays and Sundays. Teachers at the school are usually some overseas Chinese women. Miss Tian is one of them. She is from Beijing. She teaches her students many Chinese characters, sentences and Chinese songs.
Most of these kids speak English better than Chinese, because they spend most of their time at the local school, and their classmates are American.Their teachers teach them in English.
When the overseas Chinese children get home after school, their parents often speak Chinese to them. Only at that time do they think they are at home.
The question is: Which one is true?
The possible answers are:
A:Most kids speak Chinese better than English.
B:Most kids speak English better than Chinese.
C:Most kids speak Chinese as well as English.
D:Most kids can't speak Chinese at all.If you want to get a new cell phone number, don't forget to bring your ID  with you .
As of September 1, people have to register  with their ID to buy a new cell phone number. You can show your ID card orhukou, but student ID's won't work.
If you already have a cell phone number, it is better to register it before 2013.
The new rules are meant to prevent junk messages and fraud  through cell phones.
A cell phone user in China on average received 43.3 messages a week in the first half of this year. According to reports, about 12 of those were junk messages.
In a survey, about 74.5 percent of users said they have received fraudulent  messages.
If all people register their cell phone number with ID information, it will be easier for police to find the people behind those messages.
Situations in other countries
Because cell phone are getting more and more popular, many countries have made stricter cell phone rules.
Countries like India, Japan, Australia, and Singapore all ask users to register their ID information.
Ulrich Mller is a German living in Beijing. "In Germany, you have to show your ID when you buy a cell phone card," he said. "The rules have been there for a long time. Most people know about it."
Linda van der Horst is a student at Peking University. She said that in the Netherlands ,people have to show ID information and bank account  information to buy a cell phone card.
The question is: If you register your cell phone number with ID information,  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:you will receive more junk messages
B:the cell phone service company may stop your service
C:the police will find the people behind messages
D:you can buy a new cell phoneOur school has a big library. We often go there. Today is Sunday. Lily and I are in the library. In the library there are some signs on the wall. The signs mean   different   things. We know them. Don't shout in the reading room. Don't drink or eat here. Don't litter   in the library.
I see a man smoking in the reading room. I go to him and say, "Sir, you can't smoke here. Look at the sign. It says 'No smoking'.You can smoke in the smoking room." The man says sorry.
The question is: In the library   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:you can eat or drink
B:you can smoke
C:you can't talk loudly
D:you can litterScene 1
On a wild mountain, two goats met on a rock just over a high cliff  . The rock was so narrow that there was neither room for them to pass each other nor to turn round and go back.
One of them with great care laid himself down on the narrow rock, pressing as close to the rock as he could. Then the other goat gently and softly stepped over his friend, till, safely past him, he could lightly get away.
The goat that had lain down then drew himself up, safe and free to leap again from rock to rock, and eat the sweet grass on the hills.
Scene 2
Two other goats met on the banks of a wild, rushing stream. They found there was a tree across the stream. It formed a bridge from one side to the other.
They stood for a moment with one foot on the tree, each thinking that the other would draw back. But neither of them would give away, and they met at last on the middle of the narrow bridge!
They then began to push and fight with their horns  , till at last their feet slipped, and both the goats fell into the stream, and were lost in the waters!
Both might have been saved if either of them had known how to give way to another at the right time.
The question is: What can we learn from the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:Many hands make light work.
B:Actions speak louder than words.
C:Don't put all your eggs in one basket.
D:Being kind to someone is never a waste.Old Cremona Violins
Most musicians  agree that the best violins  were first made in Cremona, Italy, about 200 years ago. These violins sound better than any others. They even sound better than violins made today. Violin makers and scientists try to make instruments  like the Italian violins. But they aren't the same. Musicians still prefer the old ones.
Some people think it is the age of the violins. But not all old violins sound wonderful. Only the old violins from Cremona are special . So age cannot be the answer.
Other people think the secret to those violins is the wood. The wood must be from certain kinds of trees.
But the kind of wood may not be so important. It may be more important to cut the wood in a special way. Wood for a violin must be cut very carefully. It has to be the right size and shape . The smallest difference will change the sound of the violin. Musicians sometimes think that this was the secret of the Italians. Maybe they understood more than we do about how to cut the wood.
Size and shape may not be the answer, either. Scientists can make new ones that are exactly the same size and shape. But the new violins still do not sound as good as the old ones. Some scientists think the secret may be the varnish. Varnish is what covers the wood of the violin. It makes the wood look shiny. It also helps the sound of the instrument. But no one knows what the Italian violin makers used in their varnish.
The question is: The passage is about  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:making violins
B:musical instruments
C:scientific ideas
D:the old Italian violinsJohn and Bobby joined the same company together just after they completed their university studies the same year. Both of them worked very hard. Several years later, however, the boss promoted  Bobby to manager but John was still a worker. John could not take it, and gave his resignation  to the boss. He complained that the boss did not think much of those who were hard -working, but promoted only those who flattered him.
The boss knew that John had worked very hard for the years. He thought a moment and said, "Thank you for what you said, but I hope you will do one more thing for our company before you leave"
John agreed. The boss asked him to go and find anyone selling watermelons in the market. John went and returned soon. He said he had found a man selling watermelons. The boss asked how much they cost every kilogram. John shook his head and went back to the seller to ask and returned to tell the boss $1.2 every kilogram.
The boss told John to wait a second, and he called Bobby to come to his office.  He asked Bobby to go and find anyone selling watermelons in the market. Bobby went and returned, saying, "Boss, only one person is selling watermelons. $1.2 every kilogram, and $10 for 10 kilograms. The seller has 340 melons. On the table there are 58 melons, and each weighs about 2 kilograms. They were brought from the South two days ago. They are of good quality."
Hearing what Bobby said, John realized the difference between himself and Bobby. He decided to stay and learn from Bobby.
The question is: The boss gave John a task because  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:he wanted John to do more for his company
B:he wanted John to learn more about himself
C:he wanted to punish John for what he said
D:he wanted to prove what John said was rightSpiderman is one of the most famous comic book heroes of all time. He was created by Stan Lee in 1963 and was first introduced to the world in the pages of Marvel Comic Books.
Spiderman's story is the story of Peter Parker, a child who lost his parents and lives with his aunt and uncle. Peter is a shy, quiet boy wearing glasses and has few friends. One day, on a high school class trip to a science lab, he gets bitten by a special spider. Soon Peter realizes he has amazing powers: he is as strong and quick as a spider and also has a type of sixth sense. He no longer needs his glasses and he can use his super power to fly through the city streets! Remembering something his Uncle Ben has told him _ ,Peter decides to use his powers to fight against enemies who do cruel things to people. And so, Spiderman is born.
Life is not easy for Peter even though he is a superhero. He is in love with Mary Jane but he can't tell her about his amazing powers. Besides, his best friend Harry hates Spiderman! Peter is also short of money and time. He has to sell photos of Spiderman (himself!) to a newspaper and he keeps losing his other jobs because he's so busy saving people! Yet he has to fight against different kinds of cruel enemies.
The question is: What happened to Peter Parker after he was bitten by the spider?
The possible answers are:
A:He could not see with his eyes.
B:He became a spider.
C:He developed spider- like powers.
D:He was sick.The Internet is full of false information. It is important for us all to avoid being fooled by such information. Here are three examples of Internet hoaxes.
On his website, a man by the name of Tony has asked for gifts of money to save the life of a pretty little rabbit named Toby that he rescued from under his house. A cat must have attacked the rabbit, the man claimed, so he took it in. he gave Toby loving care and nursed him back to health. There is a very cruel point, however. If the greedy man doesn't receive enough money, he will eat poor little Toby. (Don't worry, though.
Remember, it's just a hoax!.
While the streets of New Orleans, the USA, were still flooded after a terrible hurricane (., a frightening e-mail was sent around the Internet. It included a photograph of a large crocodile over five meters long. According to the message, it had been swimming around the flooded city eating people. It was later discovered that the photographs of the crocodile were of one that was caught in the Congo (. years before.
The following e-mail hoax takes in many people. It claims that a large British company will pay you to send their e-mail to as many people as possible. For every person that you send the e-mail to, it promises you will receive $5.00; for every person that you send it to that sends it to someone else, you'll get $3.00; and for every third person that receives it, you will be paid $1.00.
To make it even more believable, the sender says that at first he thought it was a hoax, but the company soon sent him $800.00.
The question is: Some people believe that they can  _  if they send e-mail.
The possible answers are:
A:becomefamous
B:findfriends
C:make money
D:keep promisesWhen I was walking down the street one day, I found a small bag on the ground. I picked it up and opened it to see if I could find out the owner's name.There was nothing inside it except some dollars and an old photo--- a picture of a woman and a young girl about twelve years old. I put the photo back and took the bag to the police station.Before I left, the policeman wrote down my name and address.He thought the owner might want to thank me.
That evening I went to have dinner with my aunt and uncle.They had also asked a young woman to have dinner with us.Her face was familiar, but I couldn't remember where I had seen her.During our talk, the young woman happened to say that she had lost her bag that afternoon.At once I remembered where I had seen her.She was the young girl in the photo, though she was now much older.She was very surprised, of course, when I told her about the bag.
After dinner we went to the police station and she got back her bag.The policeman said to me, "It's a wonderful thing.You not only found the bag, but also the owner of the bag."
The question is: The writer knew the young woman because   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:he had met her somewhere before
B:she looked like the girl in the picture
C:she often had meals with the writer
D:she was the old woman in the photoDo you know that in some parts of the world, people build temporary hotels made of snow and blocks of ice? These are known as ice hotels.
Unlike usual hotels, all the rooms in the ice hotels are made of ice. In some ice hotels, even the glasses for drinks are made of ice blocks. So they only serve cold drinks. Also, hot food is not served in the ice hotels, but guests can eat hot food at places nearby.
To keep warm, guests sleep in comfortable sleeping bags on ice blocks that are covered by mattresses and reindeer skins .
There are some places in the ice hotels that are heated, such as the bathrooms. This is because, even though it is not as cold in the ice hotels as it is outdoors , indoor temperatures are still very low.
Perhaps the most interesting thing about the ice hotels is that they are rebuilt every year. They can be used only during the winter months. The ice hotels melt away when spring arrives. The ice blocks used to build these hotels are from nearby rivers. So, when the ice hotels melt away, they melt back into the rivers.
The question is: Why are bathrooms heated in the ice hotels?
The possible answers are:
A:Guests want to eat in them.
B:Indoor temperature are very low.
C:Guests ask the hotels to do that.
D:It is as cold indoors as it is outdoors.There was once a spider  that lived in a cornfield  . She liked this home and planned to stay there for the rest of her life.
One day, the spider caught a little bug in her web. Just as the spider was about to eat him, the bug said: "If you let me go, I will tell you something important that can save your life."
The spider thought for a little while and listened. "You'd better get out of this cornfield," the little bug said. "The harvest is coming!"
"I think you are just telling me a story," the spider said with a smile.
"Oh no, it is true," the little bug said. "All the stalks   will be knocked down, and the corn will be gathered up. You will be killed by the giant machines if you stay here."
"I don't believe you," the spider said as she ate the little bug for lunch.
A few days later, the spider was laughing about the story the little bug had told her. She thought to herself: "A harvest! What a silly idea. I have lived here all of my life, and nothing has ever disturbed   me."
The next day was a beautiful sunny day. The sky above was clear, and there was no wind at all. That afternoon, as the spider was about to take a nap  , she noticed some thick dusty clouds moving towards her. She could hear the noise of a great engine  , and she said to herself: "I wonder what that could be?"
The question is: The spider didn't believe the little bug because   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:she had got other news
B:she thought the little bug was her enemy
C:the little bug told a lie
D:nothing had happened beforeDuring a winter storm in 1919, one dog managed to save the lives of the people on the ship Ethie. Today, people still tell the story of the dog.
In December 1919, Ethie was travelling along the coast of northern Canada. Without warning, the ship ran into a bad storm. Because of high winds and heavy snow, the captain could not tell where he was going. Sailing too close to the shore  , the ship could not move because of some rocks. Ethie was in danger.
The captain decided to save the people on his ship. He thought it was too dangerous to try to reach the shore by lifeboat, so he sent up flares   to call for help. People saw the flares and rushed to the beach. The crew   tried to throw a rope   to them, but there seemed to be no way to get a rope to the shore.
In the early 1900s ships often carried a large kind of dog called a Newfoundland. Newfoundlands are excellent swimmers. During sea journeys, Newfoundlands would bring back things that had fallen off the ship or even save people from the sea.
The Newfoundland on Ethie was named Tang. The captain decided that Tang offered their best hope of survival  . He gave the dog a long rope. Holding the rope between his teeth, Tang jumped into the _ water. He fought his way through high waves and strong winds. Finally he reached the beach.
The people on the shore took the rope. The rope became the ship's lifeline.
Because of Tang, all the people on Ethie landed on the beach safely. He was given a special medal for being a hero. Tang wore the medal for the rest of his life.
The question is: The word "turbulent" means  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:rough
B:smooth
C:safe
D:amazingHundreds of people did not get their train tickets through the online train ticketing service after paying the money.
The China Railway Customer Service Center said that it would try to solve the problem and return the money in 15 working days.
The service center said changes would be made to the online booking system which limited  each purchase which is finished in 30 minutes. Many people said that they failed to book tickets because of the time limit in purchase.
People who paid without getting their tickets have formed groups on QQ. As many as 400 people had joined the QQ group by Thursday and the group continues to grow.
The ticket buyers said their money had been returned through online banks but they didn't get confirmation  from the online booking system.
They are afraid that they will not be able to get refunds  because they don't have the order number given to those who have succeeded in booking. People also said they were unable to inquire  through the booking hotline 12306, because it is almost always busy.
The China Railway Customer Service Center Website suggested that the online banks didn't return the payment information to the online booking system because of network problems.
The online railway booking service was made by the Ministry of Railways on Dec. 21, in order that people can easily buy train tickets during the Spring Festival.
The question is: How long should people finish booking tickets?
The possible answers are:
A:In an hour.
B:In half an hour.
C:In 15 days.
D:In 30 hours.Australia is the smallest continent  in the world. It is a little smaller than China. It is near the south of the equator .So when it is summer in our country, it is winter in Australia.
Australia has a small population  .The population of Australia is nearly the same as that of Shanghai, a city in China.
Australia is famous for its sheep and kangaroos. After driving for a short time from any town, you will find yourself in the middle of white sheep. Sheep are everywhere. Have you seen a kangaroo? It has a "bag" below its breast . The mother kangaroo keeps its baby kangaroo in the "bag". It is very strange, isn't it?
The question is: Australia is famous for its    _  .
The possible answers are:
A:kangaroos
B:deer
C:elephants
D:birdsWe all, at one time or another , were like a rock star, singing and dancing along to our favourite song. Most of us have done this in our own room when we were kids or even when we grew up. Me? I love to do that when I drive! I turn on the radio, find a song that I can sing along, and soon my arms are in the air. I am moving along to the music. Most of the time, I do this on my way to work.
Yes, that is true. I will be in my nice work clothes in my car. Someone may look at me strangely or even laugh at me when I stopped at a traffic light. Personally I love to get lost in the music. That can lead me to share with you the importance of being silly!
The meaning of the word silly, according to the dictionary is : stupid, foolish and nonsensical. I know many people do not want to look foolish. So they are always serious in their life, but in fact that is really stupid.
No one is perfect, I repeat: no one is perfect. I don't care how educated, how thin, how beautiful, how simple, how frugal , how rich, and so on ... No one is perfect! So why pretend  to be something you are not?
Life is so short... _ , so why waste a single second on being so "perfect"?
When we were kids, we had no idea of fear and we had no care in the world so we could do things without worrying about how we appeared to others. However, as we grew up, we lost that kind of feeling.
So don't be afraid to be silly. The next time you feel down, go and turn on your favourite song , sing and dance along just like there is no tomorrow. Or watch something that makes you laugh. Trust me, you will feel a whole lot better, and who doesn't want to feel good.
The question is: Which of the following might be the best title for the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:How to be a perfect man
B:The importance of being silly
C:Life is so short
D:How to be a rock starIt's Sunday morning. My parents, my uncle, my sisters and I are all at home.My father is sitting near the window. What is he doing? He is reading a newspaper. He wants to know what happens all over the world. My mother is watering the flowers in the small garden. There are some beautiful flowers in it. Some are red, and the others are yellow. They look nice. My uncle is my mother's brother. He is a worker. He is watching TV now. He is a basketball fan  . And he is good at playing basketball. Now he is watching NBA on TV.
Where are my sisters? Lily is over there, and she is listening to the radio  . She likes popular music very much. Lucy is in her room. She has a computer. Now she is surfing the Internet. She is writing an e-mail to her friend. What am I doing? I am doing my homework.
The question is: What is my father doing?
The possible answers are:
A:He is watching TV.
B:He is reading a newspaper.
C:He is doing housework.
D:He is sleeping.A little old man and his wife walked slowly into McDonald's on a cold winter evening. They took a table near the back wall, and then the little old man walked to the cash register to order. After a while he got the food back and they began to open it.
There was one hamburger, some French fries and one drink. The little old man carefully cut the hamburger in half and divided the French fries in two piles. Then he neatly put the half of the food in front of his wife. He took a sip of the drink and his wife _ . "how poor the old people are!" the people around them thought. As the man began to eat his hamburger and his French fries, his wife sat there watching him and took turns to drink. A young man came over and offered to buy another meal for them. But they refused politely and said that they got used to sharing everything.
Then a young lady asked a question of the little old lady. " Madam, why aren't you eating? You said that you share everything, then what are you waiting for?" She answered, "The teeth."
The question is: As the old man began to eat things, his wife sat there   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:talking with him
B:looking at him quite angrily
C:watching him and took turns to drink
D:reading a newspaperToday there are many fires than in the past. Over 100,000 wildfires burn each year in America. Russia has 20,000 to 35,000 wildfires every year. Australia has on average 60,000 each year. These fires destroy huge areas of forests and burn hundreds of homes.
Many experts believe there are several reasons for this sudden increase in fires. The first reason is climate change. Recent weather has been warmer and drier. This leads to dangerous fire conditions. When lightening strikes ,dry grass easily catches fire. Hot winds add to the problem. The wind spreads a fire quickly. In 2010, Russia had the hottest and driest summer in a century. In just one month, 500 fires destroyed over 2,000 homes. Some people lost their lives.
Traditional fire-fighting practices are another reason for the increase in fires. In America, firefighters used to quickly put out every fire. They didn't allow the grass and trees to burn. As a result, today many forests have thicker vegetation .Thicker vegetation means more fuel for fires. Also, without fires from time to time, forests become overcrowded and unhealthy. Some trees are dead. The dead wood then easily catches fire. So surprisingly, America has many more fires today partly because of its past fire-fighting practices.
Scientists now understand that a fire can be a natural part of a healthy forest. As a result, countries like Australia allow more fires to burn naturally. Sometimes, fire fighters even start fires to get rid of dead wood. Of course, they carefully control the fires. The fire thins out old trees. This allows sunlight to reach the ground. As a result, fires help new trees to grow. Therefore, if a fire is not a serious threat to people, firefighters may let it burn naturally.
The question is: What happens because of the traditional fire-fighting practices in the USA?
The possible answers are:
A:There are fewer wildfires.
B:Trees and grass become thicker.
C:The weather becomes warmer and drier.
D:Sunlight reaches the ground to help forests.Earthquake safety tips
On April 14,2010, a big earthquake hit Yushu,Qinghai.Over,2,000 people died. Many people were hurt. Why are there earthquakes?
The surface of the Earth has many pieces. These pieces are always moving. When two pieces move past each other, there is an earthquake.
Scientist are working hard to find out more about earthquakes. They try to predict  them, but it's very hard.
Do you     know how to get ready for an earthquake? Do you know what to do during an earthquake? Here are some things you should know.
What to do before an earthquake
Make sure you have two bottles of water, a packet of biscuits ,a clean towel ,a few band-aids ,a radio and a flashlight  at home.
What to do during an earthquake
If you are inside:
    Stay where you are. Quickly move under a strong desk, or along a wall. This will protect you from falling things.
    Don't stand near windows.
    Turn off the lights.
    Don't get into a lift during an earthquake. If your are in a lift, get out as quickly as possible.
If you are outside:
    Don't stand near buildings. Things may fall on you.
    Lie on the ground until the shaking stops.
The question is: You need   _   at home before an earthquake.
The possible answers are:
A:some water and biscuits
B:a clean towel and a few band-aids
C:a radio and a flashlight
D:all of the things aboveWind is the great maker of waves. There are exceptions  , such as the tidal   waves sometimes caused by earthquakes under the sea. But the waves most of us know are caused by winds blowing over the sea .
Now let's learn some physical   things about it. A wave has height, from low point to high point . It has length  --the distance from this high point to that of the following wave. The period of the wave means the time it takes for succeeding high points to pass a fixed point. None of these things stays the same--for all depend upon  the wind, upon the depth   of the water and many other matters.
The water that makes up a wave does not advance with it across the sea. Each drop of water turns around in a little circle with the passing of the wave, but returns very nearly to its original position  . And it is lucky that this is so. For if the huge groups of water that make up a wave really moved across the sea, sailing would be impossible. If we want to find the speed of a wave, we may use the following way : Speed =" wavelength" x frequency  .
Here, wavelength is the distance between two high points , frequency means the number of cycles per second
The question is: The speed of Wave 1 is 100 cm/s, frequency 10. The frequency of Wave 2 is 300, while its speed is twice that of Wave 1. Which of the following is right?
The possible answers are:
A:The wavelengths of the two are equal.
B:The wavelength of Wave 1 is 10 times longer than that of Wave 2.
C:The wavelength of Wave 2 is longer than that of Wave 1.
D:The wavelength of Wave 1 is longer than that of Wave 2.I didn't feel well when I woke up yesterday morning. My throat hurt and _ . I also felt hot. My mother said I had a bad cold. I didn't want to get up, so she let me stay in bed all day. I don't usually like being in bed during the day, but I like it yesterday. I listened to the music and read a magazine. I slept a lot. I had all my meals in bed, though I didn't want to eat much. I had just soup and toast for lunch and some rice and chicken for dinner. By evening I was beginning to feel better. I asked my mother if I could get up and watch television but she said no. Today I feel much better, so I didn't stay in bed. I didn't go to school again, though. I'll go tomorrow if I feel well enough.
The question is: He stayed in bed all day because he   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:had a vacation
B:hurt his foot
C:needed to read
D:was sickOn March 3, 1887, the lives of two amazing women were changed forever when Anne Sullivan, a poor university graduate, arrived at the home of the wealthy Keller family to teach their six-year-old daughter Helen. It was a difficult job as Helen was unable to see, hear or speak because of illness.
Anne had been suggested to the Kellers by her university professor, a close friend of Mr. Keller. Before she arrived, Anne expected her new pupil to be a quiet, weak child. But Helen was nothing like that. When Anne first walked through the Kellers' door, the energetic Helen nearly knocked her over in her hurry to feel Anne's face, clothing and bag.
Helen was used to visitors bringing her sweets, and angrily tried to force open Anne's case to take her candy. But Anne calmed her down by allowing Helen to play with her watch. So began one of the most successful student-teacher relationships in history.
Anne Sullivan was only twenty years old when she began teaching Helen. She had to not only teach the child all the usual school subjects, but also control Helen's sometimes wild behaviour. Her well-meaning parents allowed Helen to do as she liked at home. Realizing that such an environment was unsuitable for learning, Anne requested that she and Helen live in a small house nearby.
As soon as Helen began learning, it became clear that she was especially intelligent. She quickly learned to read and write, and by the age of ten she could also speak.
In 1900, Helen started studying at Radcliffe University, and graduated first in her class in 1904. She was the very first blind and deaf person to get a university degree. How did she do it? Anne Sullivan read all of Helen's books and then signed the information into her hand. Anne remained at Helen's side until her death in 1936. Helen became a world-famous writer, and fought for disabled people's rights until her death on Jun 1, 1968.
The question is: According to the passage, Helen's parents  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:allowed her to do as she wished
B:gave her too many gifts and sweets.
C:did not spend much time with her
D:cared little about her education.Students these days often have a lot of worries. Sometimes they have problems with their schoolwork, and sometimes with their friends. _ Some people think the worst thing is to do nothing. Laura Mills, a teenager from Washington, agrees. "Problems and worries are normal in life," says Laura. "But I think talking to someone helps a lot. If we don't talk to someone, we'll certainly feel worse."
Laura once lost her purse, and worried for days. She was afraid to tell her parents shout it. She even walked three miles to school each day because she didn't have any money. She just kept thinking. "If I tell my parents, they'll be angry!" But in the end, she talked to her parents and they were really understanding. Her dad said he sometimes made careless mistakes himself. They got her a new purse and asked her to be more careful. "I will always remember to share my problems in the future!" Laura says.
Robert Hunt advises students about common problems. He feels the same way as Laura. "It is best not to avoid our problems. We should always try to solve   them." He thinks that you can first find someone to talk to. This person doesn't need to be an expert   like himself. Students often forget that their parents have more experience than them, and are always there to help them.
In English, we say that sharing a problem is like cutting it in half. So you're halfway to solving a problem if you talk to someone about it!
The question is: What is the main idea of this passage?
The possible answers are:
A:Few children are careful with their money.
B:Parents are more experienced than children
C:Talking to someone helps to solve problems.
D:Students often have a lot of worries at schoolHere is the school day in an English school.
Morning  The students have an English lesson and a Maths lesson.The first lesson begins at 9:00 a.m.The children have a break from 10:00 a.m.to 10:20 a.m.They usually eat snacks or play games in the playground.After the break, they have the second lesson.It lasts for an hour and fifteen minutes.They usually take a test during the first fifteen minutes.
Lunchtime  Lunchtime is from 12 at noon to 1:10 p.m.Most children bring their own lunch from home.Some children have lunch in the school canteen.After lunch, they play games in the playground.
Afternoon  The students do some reading.Then they have one or two lessons.They study Art, History and Science, etc.School is over at 3:15 p.m.Then they go home.
The question is: The students have  _   lessons in the morning.
The possible answers are:
A:One
B:Two
C:Three
D:FourThere are forty-seven different kinds of kangaroos . The smallest kangaroos are about a quarter of a meter long; the biggest are taller than a man.
Kangaroos have very long strong back legs. These are used for jumping. They also have long strong tails used for resting on. Kangaroos' front legs are much shorter, and are almost  like arms. Kangaroos' heads are quite small, but their ears are quite large.
Mother kangaroos have a pocket at the front. They have one baby each year. When it is born, the baby kangaroo is straight  into its mother's pocket. The baby kangaroos stay there for six months.
The biggest kangaroos stand more than 2 meters tall, and their legs are so strong that they can jump more than 9 meters. They are very fast, and can travel at more than 50 kilometers an hour. They are very strong, but only eat fruit, leaves and grass.
The question is: How long does a baby kangaroo stay in its mother's pocket?
The possible answers are:
A:One month.
B:Three months.
C:Six months.
D:Five months.Today it is found that school students hardly pay much attention to sports.It is because they have no interest in sports? It may not be the fact.They often say they have other more important things to do.
What are these important things? Examination! They have to spend much time on all kinds of examinations and tests at school,so many of them almost become bookworm .In the summer holidays of the last year,they had to put all the time to their study.So books stopped them from enjoying sports.
Because of the pressure from their parents and teachers,they have to work harder and spend most of their time on books.As for the students themselves,they want to get good results so that they can go to famous high schools.So it seems necessary to stop their school sports for saving more time to study.
In fact,education cannot go without physical exercise,because a quick mind hardly goes along with a weak body.If you don't have a strong body, you can never achieve anything,let alone a great success in your life.
The question is: We agree to   _   according to the passage.
The possible answers are:
A:work hard all day and all night
B:do sports after enough rest
C:do all kinds of sports after working hard
D:drop the sportsKate White has a big family. There are   nine people. Her grandfather's name is James White. He is a doctor. Her grandmother's name is Alice White. She is a housewife . They have a son and a daughter. Her father's name is Thomas White and he is an actor. Her mother's name is Jenny White and she is a nurse. Kate is 13 years old and she is a junior high school student. She has a little brother, Jimmy. Jimmy is three. Charles in her uncle, and Casey is her aunt. They are teachers. They have a baby. His name is Tommy. Kate likes her family very much.
,.
The question is: James is Kate's   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:grandfather
B:father
C:brother
D:uncleMy name is Lily. I'm a junior high school student from Guangzhou. Last winter holiday, I visited Hong Kong for the first time with my mother and her workmates. Before we went through the entrance of the Customs and Excise Department (,CED), we had to wait for more than four hours there. All the passengers must show their permits   to the workers at the CED one by one. So there were a large number of people waiting in lines at the entrance hall. It took us a long time to walk along the metal pipes which divided the big hall into many different parts. So the entrance hall looked like a huge puzzle. Everyone should finish walking through the puzzle if they wanted to pass the entrance. I waited patiently and walked slowly after others. I just could see the back of their heads. It was difficult for me to breathe because too many people were there. At last I passed it but I was too tired to say a word.
Last month I visited Hong Kong again. But this time I didn't spend much time waiting at the entrance of the CED because I got an Electronic Exit Permit with an "Electronic Brain" in it. When I passed the port of Hong Kong, I just needed to use it to touch the button at the entrance. It can save much time for people. I plan to visit Hong Kong again sometime in the future.
The question is: Who did Lily go to Hong Kong with last winter holiday?
The possible answers are:
A:Her classmates
B:Her friends.
C:Her mother.
D:Her relatives.A father sat at his desk and looked at his bills when his young son rushed in and announced: "Dad, because today is your birthday and you're 40 years old, I'm going to give you 40 kisses, one for each year!" When the boy started making good on his word ( ) , the father shouted:  "Andrew, don't do it now. I'm too busy! "
The boy soon fell silent as tears fell from his big blue eyes. Feeling sorry, the father said: "You can finish later.  The boy said nothing but quietly walked away." That evening the father said:  "Come and finish the kisses now, Andrew!" But the boy didn't.
Unfortunately, a few days later after the father's birthday, the boy had an accident and died.  His sad father wrote: "If only(...,)I could tell him how sorry I am for my thoughtless words,  and how much my heart is hurting."
Love is a two-way street.  We must warmly accept any loving act,  or others will take it as a "NO" and it can leave a scar . If we don't receive love, our life will lose its true meaning.  Nothing is more important than accepting love from those who are near and dear to us .
,.
The question is: We can know from the story that
The possible answers are:
A:the father is busy with his work
B:the boy is hard -working
C:the father doesn't like the boy
D:the boy is too carelessIn April, 2013, I visited Yangzhou.
Ge Garden is very beautiful and peaceful. The ticket has a map on the back of it that I didn't noticed until I had already left. But to be honest, I don't think that map is very useful because it isn't very clear an tailed. In my opinion, it's better to improve it. Compared with He Garden, the map on the back of the ticket for He Garden is much clearer, more detailed and more useful. However, in the room that has the picture of the family members, there is only Chinese, no English, so my advice is to add English in interesting places. I got lost in the Slender West Lake. I spent about 30 minutes just trying to get out of one area. I think they need more signs posted along the trails. I like the Slender West Lake best, as she is so pretty! The ladies that were sweeping were very sweet. They always smiled at me and said hello, so it was nice.
Taking a taxi is the most efficient  and quickest way to get around Yangzhou. I didn't have a problem getting to the places which I'd like to go to while using a taxi. The driver was very friendly. The fare isn't too high, either. But I didn't enjoy taking the bus. The bus ride to the Mastixia Bay   took long although I only had to pay one yuan. It was also hard finding where Bus 32 was. I tried asking some people in English but they couldn't understand me, so I had to ask in simple Chinese that I only know buy that still didn't work. I spent about one hour walking around the city to look for Bus 32. The tricycle  was nice, but it was a little too expensive for a small distance. Maybe I was _ by the guy who rode for me, but it was an enjoyable ride. I felt like I was part of the garden city more.
Over all I am satisfied with Yangzhou and will recommend it to others.
The question is: How many places of interest are mentioned in the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:Three
B:Four
C:Five
D:SixI will never forget that unusual day!I kept hearing a strange noise while I was driving down a mountain in my car,so I stopped on the dirty road to check.There was a little green head looking at me in my backpack."What are you doing there,little frog?''I said to myself.Well,you can imagine my surprise when I heard this frog answering me in the voice of a frog."Madam.I love to travel so much that I just can't control myself when I see a backpack."
I just looked at him with my mouth open and didn't know what to say.
"Oh, dear Madam,"continued the frog,"I am Mongy.Nice to meet you!"
"Nice to meet you,too!You can call me Christa.How is it possible that I can hear you,Mongy?"
"You wanted to get to know nature and the living things in the world,and you started paying attention to nature.Most people never pay attention to nature,so they only listen when they are young.But you heard the voices of nature calling you.You went even further than that and you tried to get along well with nature.That's why you can hear me now.''
It was at this moment that my life changed and I suddenly knew what my destiny would be from that day on.
The question is: The writer was  _  when she heard the strange noise.
The possible answers are:
A:driving down a mountain
B:checking her car
C:looking at a frog
D:talking to a frogYou speak,write a letter,and make a telephone call. Your words carry a message. People communicate with words. Do you think you can communicate without words? A smile on your face shows you are happy or friendly. Tears in your eyes tell others that you are sad. When you raise your hand in class,the teacher knows you want to say something or ask questions. You shake your head,and people know you are saying "No". You nod and people know you are saying "Yes".
Other things can also carry messages. For example,a sign at the bus stop helps you to know which bus to take. A sign on the wall of your school helps you to find the library. Signs on doors tell you where to go in or out. Have you ever noticed that there are a lot of signs around you and that you receive messages from them all the time?
People can communicate in many other ways. An artist can use his drawings to tell about beautiful mountains,about the blue sea and many other things. Books are written to tell you about all the wonderful things in the world and also about people and their ideas. Books,magazines,TVs, radios and films all help us to communicate with each other. They all help us to know what is going on in the world and what other people are thinking about.
(Notes: communicate ;sign ,)
The question is: Can we communicate with each other without words?
The possible answers are:
A:No, it's impossible.
B:No, we can't.
C:Yes, sometimes we can.
D:Yes, we always do so.Bruce and Bruno looked worried those days. Their father went to a town far away. Before leaving, he said he would write to them as soon as he found a job there. But two months passed, they did not hear from him. Now they had nothing except the old house and they had no money to buy any food. They thought for a long time. Then they decided to sell the house and look for their father. So one day the two brothers said goodbye to their friends and started to go. They got to the station and bought two tickets.
They were afraid that they would be hungry in the train, so they went to the market to buy something to eat. They saw bananas for the first time. The seller told them the bananas were very delicious, so they bought five kilos and got on the train with them. After a while Bruce brought out a banana and bit  a little. Just at that moment the train went into a tunnel  and it was dark in the train. He was afraid and called out,"Have you taken a bite of your bananas, Bruno?"
"Not yet."
"That's good."Bruce said, crying,"I did and went blind!"
The question is: They went to the market to  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:look for their father.
B:buy the tickets.
C:buy something to eat.
D:sell the old house.Smartphones, poor sight
Look around and you'll see people busy on their smartphones. Smartphones do make our lives easier . But have you ever thought about what they mean to your eyes?
According to a study, half of British people own smartphones and they spend an average   of two hours a day using them. There has been a 35% increase in the number of people in the UK who suffer from shortsightedness since smartphones were introduced there in 1997.
Staring at smartphones for long time gives you dry eyes. When looking at something in the distance, your eyes automatically blink a certain number of times. However, when you look at things closer to your face, the blinking slows down. This reduces the amount of tears and causes discomfort in your eyes. Another bad habit is using smartphones in dark rooms before going to sleep. If you look at a bright screen while your pupils become larger, too much light enters your eyes. This can do harm to the eyes and cause a disease called glaucoma .
While you're probably not going to stop using to your _ , there are a few things you can do to protect your eyes. Hold your phone at least 30 centimeters away from your eyes when using it. Take a break every hour and try the following: look at something at least five meters from you and then focus on the tip of your nose. Repeat this several times. It should reduce the discomfort in your eyes.
The question is: This article is written to advise people  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:not to buy smart phones
B:to stop using smartphones
C:to make full use of smartphones
D:to use smart phones properlySandra usually gets up at six in the morning. She usually has breakfast at six thirty. She goes to school at around seven o'clock. School starts at seven thirty.
Sandra learns many subjects at school: math, English, science, history, art, music and PE. Her favorite subject is music. It's relaxing, and the music teacher is fun.
Sandra has four classes in the morning. At eleven forty she comes home for lunch. She has lunch with her grandmother. In the afternoon, she isn't very busy. She has only two classes. After school she does her homework and plays with other kids.
In the evening, Sandra's parents come home from work at five o'clock. The family have dinner at six. After that they usually listen to music or watch TV. Sandra goes to bed at nine thirty. Her grandmother goes to bed at nine, and her parents go to bed at around ten o'clock.
The question is: Sandra has   _    classes every day.
The possible answers are:
A:four
B:six
C:seven
D:eightStephen used to work in a company. Unfortunately  , he got serious heart disease . He couldn't work for a long time. Thinking he could still do something for others, he decided to be a volunteer at a Children's Hospital. Stephen loved children very much. With his love, he did his job well. Sometimes he lost his children. They died. At that time, he would tell these sad parents that he would soon be with their children in heaven   and he would take care of them. His words seemed to help those parents.
There was a girl who could not walk because of a disease. She couldn't do anything and she was very sad. What was worse, the doctors said that they could do little for her. Stephen decided to try to help her. He started visiting her, bringing paints, brushes and paper. He put the brush in his mouth and began to draw. He didn't use his hands at all. Only his head would move. He always told her that she could do anything she wanted.
At last she began to draw with her mouth. She and Stephen became friends. By and by, the little girl was getting better and better. She was allowed to leave the hospital. One day. to Stephen's great surprise, she walked to see him on her own feet! She gave him a picture she had drawn. At the top, it read: "Thank you for helping me walk. It's all because of your love."
Love can sometimes be more powerful than doctors and medicines. Love makes our world more beautiful and colorful.
Stephen died a few days after the girl gave him the picture.
The question is: Which is the best title of the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:The girl's disease
B:Stephen's work
C:How the girl was saved
D:Love is more powerfulI never saw my father home from work late or ill, nor did I ever see my father take a "night out with the boys". He had no bobbies but just took care of his family.
For 22 years, since I left home for college, my father called me every Sunday at 9:00 am. He was always interested in my life-how my family was doing. The calls even came when he and my mother were in Australia, England or Florida.
Nine years ago when I bought me first house, my father, 67 years old, spent eight hours a day for three days, painting my house. He would not allow me to pay someone to have it done. All he asked, was a glass of iced tea, and that I hold a paintbrush for him and talk to him. But I was too busy, for I had a law practice to run, and I could not take the time to hold the paintbrush, or talk to my father.
Five years ago, my 71-year-old father spent five hours putting together a swing set for my daughter. Again, all he asked was that I get him a glass of iced tea, and talk to him, But again, I had laundry to do, and the house to clean.
The morning on Sunday, January 16, 1995, my father telephoned me as usual, this time he had seemed to have forgotten some things we had discussed the week before. I had to get to church, and I cut the conversation short.
The call came at 4:40 am. That day my father was sent to hospital in Florida. I got on a plane immediately, and I vowed that when I arrived, I would make up for the lost time, and have a nice long talk with him ad really _ .
I arrived in Florida at 1:00 am, but my father had passed away at 9:12 pm. This time it was he who did not have time to talk, or time to wait for me.
In the years since his death I have learnt much about my father, and even more about every single day.
The question is: On January 16, 1996, the daughter felt that her father  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:seemed to be a little different
B:had no time to phone her as usual
C:became interested in church
D:had forgotten to discuss some things with herThe round trip will cost at least $4.800 in all. Some more fees may also need to be spent. I hope you will have a good trip.
DAY 1
Leave the USA for China. Your flight will include meals. drinks. and in-flight entertainment for your journey.
DAY 2
Arrive and check in at your hotel: Beijing Hotel. You will only need to payY=560 (70% "discounts off) per night for a single room.
DAY 3
In the morning we will go by subway to the Olympic Green and see the Bird's Nest.  In the afternoon. we will visit the Water Cube.
DAY 4
Enjoy a full-day tour to the Forbidden City. the Temple of Heaven and the Confucius Temple. We will begin at Tiananmen Square and then walk to the Forbidden City. In the afternoon. we will visit the Temple of Heaven and the Confucius Temple:
DAY 5
We will visit Beijing Zoo and the Summer Palace. First stop: Beijing Zoo. You have a chance to see China's most cherished  native animal. panda. After lunch. we will take the bus to the Summer Palace.
DAY 6
We will go to the Great Wall and the Ming Tombs.
DAY 7
Take off from Beijing Capital International Airport.
The question is: How much does a single room at the Beijing Hotel for one night cost without a discount?
The possible answers are:
A:Y=590.
B:Y=560.
C:Y=800.
D:Y=700.The United States of America is a large country. On the same day in the winter, it may be warm in some places and cold in others. In parts of the South , in the winter, the temperature  might be over 27degC. At the same time, in parts of the North , the temperature might be below (......) 0degC.
In the summer, it may be over 38degCin the South. On the same day, it may be 23degCin the North. The temperature is not the same in all parts of the United States.
The rain is also very different in the country. In parts of the West there is little rain. In parts of the South there is much rain.
The question is: The temperature in the United States is   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:over 27degC
B:over 38degC
C:at 0degC
D:not the sameA farmer had a cow. He took very good care of this cow and one day when it was ill, he was very worried. He telephoned the vet. 
"What's the problem?" The vet asked him when he arrived.
"My cow's ill" the farmer said. "I don't know what the matter with her is. She's lying down and won't eat. She's making a strange noise."
The vet looked over the cow. "She's certainly ill," he said, "and she needs to take some very strong medicine."
He took a bottle  out of his box, put two pills  into his hand and said, "Give her these. The pills should make her better" How should I give them to her?" the farmer asked.
The vet gave him a tube  and said, "Put this tube in her mouth, then put the pills in the tube and blow. That will make it."
The next day The farmer sat outside his house and looked more worried.
"How's your cow?" the vet asked." No change," the farmer said, "and I am feeling very strange myself. I did what you said, I put the tube  in the cow's mouth and then put two pills down it." And?" the vet asked." The cow blew first, and blew the pills to my mouth." the farmer said.
,.
The question is: The vet taught the farmer how   _
The possible answers are:
A:to blow the tube
B:to make the cow take the pills
C:to take the medicine
D:to put the tube in his mouthDear Frank,
Thank you for your email. I'm very glad you are having a good trip now. Ottawa is very beautiful in May. I hope I can have a chance  to go there one day. Our summer holiday will start next month. I like my summer holiday, although it's hot at that time in America. In summer holiday, I can swim in the sea and go fishing. It's so cool. And I am going to our hometown near Chicago with my sister, Linda, and my parents agree .Our uncle lives there, so Linda and I can stay with him. We are not going to take a plane. We are going there by train. I am going to fish there. And Linda likes painting. She is going to do some painting there. I'm sure we'll have a good time.
Sincerely,
Jack
The question is: Frank is  _  now.
The possible answers are:
A:staying in a small town
B:having a good time in Ottawa
C:spending his summer holiday in Chicago
D:swimming in the seaDifferent people have different colors of skin . Some have black skin. Some have yellow skin, and some have white skin. There's a woman in America. Her skin is orange. It's the color of orange juice.
Why does she become  orange ? She eats too many tomatoes , carrots and squashes  . She eats many orange things. That's why she becomes orange.
The woman doesn't want to be orange. She goes to the doctor  . The doctor says, "Don't eat any orange things again! Eat some green things. " The woman does so ,and she isn't orange now.
The question is: The woman goes to see a doctor because  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:she likes the orange skin very much
B:she doesn't want to eat any green things
C:she wants her skin to be green
D:she doesn't like her orange skinBob was a gardener and he had no work for a few months. One day he went out to look for a job. While he was walking in the street, he saw a poster at the gate of a big restaurant. It said the restaurant needed to hire  a man who could grow flowers and trees well. Bob was so pleased that he went straight to answer it. There Bob was told to go back and get his old working clothes to the office. Bob did so.
The boss looked over his working clothes carefully and then decided to let Bob have the job. Bob asked the boss why his working clothes were so important. The boss answered with a smile, "Oh, young man, your working clothes are all with patches  on the knees. You know, I have dismissed  two men these days. They had working clothes with patches on the buttocks . They were too lazy."
The question is: We may learn that the boss was   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:very clever
B:foolish
C:very kind
D:hardworkingTo us, it seems so natural to put up an umbrella to keep the water off when it rains. But in fact the umbrella was not invented as protection against the rain. Its first use was as a shade against the sun.
Nobody knows who first invented it, but the umbrella was used in very ancient times. Probably the first to use it were the Chinese, back in the eleventh century BC.
We know that the umbrella was used in ancient Egypt and Babylon as a sunshade. And there was a strange thing connected with its use : it became a symbol of honor and power . In the Far East in ancient times, the umbrella was allowed to be used only by those in high office or by royal people such as the kings or queens.
In Europe, the Greeks were the first to use the umbrella as a sunshade. The umbrella was in common use in ancient Greece, but it is believed that the first people in Europe to use the umbrella as protection against the rain were the ancient Romans. During the middle ages in Europe, the use of the umbrella almost disappeared. Then it appeared again in Italy in the late sixteenth century. And again it became a symbol of power.
Umbrellas have not changed much in style during all this time, though they have become much lighter in weight. It wasn't until the twentieth century that the umbrellas for women began to be made in all kinds of colors.
The question is: Ancient people first used umbrellas as   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:a symbol of honor
B:protection against the sun
C:a symbol of power
D:protection against the rainFor Sparky, school was all but impossible. He failed every subject in the eighth grade. He didn't do much better in sports. Although he played for the school's golf team, he lost the only important match of the season.
Sparky was a loser. He, his classmates...everyone knew it. Sparky never asked a classmate to go out in high school. He was too afraid of being refused.
However, one thing was important to Sparky - drawing. He was proud of his artwork. Of course, no one else appreciated it. In his senior year of high school, he sent some cartoons to the editors of the Yearbook. Although the cartoons were turned down, Sparky was so confident about his ability that he decided to become an artist.
After completing high school, he wrote a letter to Walt Disney Studios. He was told to send some samples of his artwork, and the subject for a cartoon was suggested. Sparky spent a great deal of time on it. Finally, the reply came from Disney Studios. He had been rejected once again. Another loss for the loser.
So Sparky decided to write his own autobiography in cartoons. He described his childhood - a little boy loser and underachiever. The cartoon character would soon become famous worldwide. For Sparky, the boy who had little success in school and whose work was rejected again and again was Charles Schulz. He created the Peanuts comic strip and little cartoon character - Charlie Brown.
The question is: What's Sparky's success according to the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:He was good at golf playing.
B:He wrote a letter to Walt Disney Studios.
C:He drew some cartoons for the Yearbook.
D:His Peanuts comic strip became world famous.There is a supermarket called Shopping Center near my house. It's open from 8:00am to10:00pm.The supermarket is very new and big with four floors. If you want to go shopping, please come to this supermarket. You can buy all kinds of things. Look! On the first floor, you can buy vegetables, meat, eggs, juice, and so on. If you want to buy gloves, scarves , T-shirts, shoes and all kinds of clothes, you can come to the second floor. There are all kinds of TV sets and fridges on the third floor. Children like the fourth floor a lot, they can buy their favourite books, CDs and beautiful toys.
The things in the supermarket are not expensive , sometimes the things are on sale, so there are always a lot of people. The workers in it work hard. They are very friendly and helpful.
The question is: Which of the following is TRUE?
The possible answers are:
A:The supermarket is far from my house.
B:Often there is a sale in the supermarket.
C:People don't like shopping here.
D:The workers in it are very friendly.People usually talk about two groups of colors: warm colors and cool colors. Scientists think that there are also two kinds of people: people who prefer warm colors and people who prefer cool colors. The warm colors are red, orange and yellow. Where there are warm colors and a lot of lights people usually want to be active. People think that red, for example, is exciting. Sociable people, those who like to be with others, like red.
The cool colors are green, blue and violet. These colors, unlike warm colors, are relaxing. Where there are cool colors, people are usually quiet. People who like to spend time alone often prefer blue. Red may be exciting, but one scientist says that time seems to pass more slowly in a room with warm colors than in a room with cool colors. He says that a warm color, such as red or orange, is good color for a living room or restaurant. People who are resting or eating do not want time to pass quickly. Cool colors are better for offices or factories if the people who are working there want time to pass quickly.
The question is: According to this passage, people who don't like to be with others   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:like orange color
B:like blue color
C:prefer warm color
D:are usually activeHenry was born in a small town. His father has a factory. One night the man drank too much and drove his car home. On his way he drove fast and suddenly his car fell into the river and he died in the accident. The old man left his son much money and the factory. But the man spent all the money in nearly three years and at last he had to sell the factory for food and clothes. Another three years passed and he wanted to find work but he couldn't do anything. Nobody would use a man like him.
The young man thought and thought. At last he found a way. He began to beg  from door to door. Most people in the town knew him well and few of them had a pity  on him. So he was often hungry. He had to leave the town and came to Toronto. In the city he began to pretend  that he couldn't speak. So he could beg some money and food.
One day Henry was begging by the station when he met Mr. Cook, one of his father's friends. The man asked, "How long have you been dumb , Henry?"
The sudden question made the young man burst out , "since I was born!"
The question is: Which of the following is right?
The possible answers are:
A:Henry was dumb since he was born
B:Mr. Cook didn't know Henry
C:When Henry saw Mr. Cook, he forgot he was "dumb."
D:Mr. Cook wanted to take Henry to the police stationMy name is Bill. I have a friend called Mike. Today is Mike's birthday. I'm at his birthday party. There are a lot of friends in his house. Some stand beside the table and enjoy the snacks and drinks. There is some food on the table. I like the chocolate and the fruit very much. Mike sits on the sofa and chats with some friends there. He wears a yellow T-shirt and a pair of blue jeans. He looks so cool today. Wow! The cake is really big. There are some candles   on it. Mike's friends begin to sing 'Happy Birthday' to Mike. Mike is very happy. He blows out   the candles and cuts the cake. Everyone has a good time at the party.
The question is: There are a lot of friends at   _   birthday party.
The possible answers are:
A:Mike's
B:Bill's
C:my
D:Mike's friend'sAs you are soon on your way to Eastern Europe, here are a few tips on what you should pack. In general, pack lightly, with only the most basic clothes. People dress casually  in Eastern Europe, so you don't need to bring along your smartest clothing.
Batteries: If your camera, flash, or other appliances run on batteries, bring enough supply along. Certain types of batteries don't exist in Eastern Europe, and those that do often don't last very long.
Cash: We have found it good to have supply of small-unit U.S. bills($1and $5) to use in hard-currency stores, to buy international train tickets, etc. The hard-currency stores never seem to have the right _ .
Electric Current Adapter : If you bring any appliances, remember that the electricity in Eastern Europe uses 220 volts A.C., not the standard 110 volts of North America. A 110 volts appliance will soon burn out when attached to an unchanged 220-volt plug.
Language Tools: One of Europe's biggest challenges is communicating with the local people since their languages are so different from our own. To help overcome difficulties, you might buy phrasebooks before you go -- you won't find them once you are in Eastern Europe.
Money Belt: A money belt is especially helpful when you have many documents to carry around ( as you always do in Eastern Europe). The best one we find is made by Eagle Greek Travel Gear, 143 Cedros Ave. (P. O. box 651), Solona Beach, CA 92075 (tel. 619/755 - 9399, or toll free 800/874 - 9925) outside California.
Traveler's _ : These are necessary. Bring your traveler's checks in small to medium unit ($10, $20, or $50) to change a little bit at a time, so as not to be left with a lot of local money. To be on the safe side, be sure to copy down the check numbers in two places, just in case something happens to the checks.
The question is: How many tips are mentioned in the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:6
B:7
C:8
D:9What's a big problem in Shenzhen today, do you think? Besides pollution, traffic is, of course.
There are too many people, too many cars but too little space so the roads are always busy. You can almost see traffic jams everywhere. It is even worse when everyone is going to school or to work. What's more, cars need fuel  to move, so they let out a lot of dirty smoke and pollute the air.
However, the government is trying many ways to solve the problem. We can see more roads and footbridges over the main streets. And the workers are making some roads wider. It is said every car will have a computer. The computer can study the latest traffic news. Then it will look over its own map for the best way to drive and they won't get into traffic jams.
The question is: How is the government trying to solve the problem?
The possible answers are:
A:People are making old roads wider and building more roads and footbridges.
B:People are driving fewer cars and walking to school.
C:People are riding bikes to work and walking to school.
D:People are making old roads wider and building more bridges across the rivers.Dear Sammy,
I'm sorry I can't go to the Sports Center with you today.I have to see a doctor. Here are the directions   to the Sports Center.
From our house, go right ahead on Main Avenue. Walk past the police station and the City Fountain. Then cross the bridge. At the other side of the river, turn right. The Sports Center is on your left. You can't miss it. The basketball game starts at 1:00 p.m. so don't be late. By the way, let's have some ice-cream after you finish playing. We can meet at Choco's Ice-Cream Shop. It's right around the corner from the Sports Center. Your game should be over at 3:00 p.m. so I'll meet you there 10 minutes later.
Have fun!
Mom
The question is: Sammy will   _   after he comes out of the Sports Center.
The possible answers are:
A:play sports
B:see a doctor
C:have cakes with his mother
D:have ice-dream with his motherTelevision is good.You'd like to watch it all day and all night.But too much TV is a very bad thing.Scientists found that kids who watch too much TV may have more trouble learning to read.They can't focus on their work.
Kids learn language skills best by reading,talking and playing with others.If they spend too much time watching TV,they'll have less time for those things.
Watching too much TV is bad for people's health.People don't move much while watching TV.What's more,they may eat a lot of food while watching.This can make them fat.We call these people"couch potatoes".
Fighting on TV is a big problem for kids.Young people are good at following.Scientists have found that those who watch a lot of fighting programmes are more likely to fight.
The question is: Which of the following is true?
The possible answers are:
A:It's good for kids to learn from fighting programmes on TV.
B:Too much TV is good for people's health.
C:It's easy for kids who watch a lot of fighting programmes to love others.
D:Kids who watch too much TV may have more problems with reading.1.Know the fire exit   and plan two ways out.
2.If you hear the smoke alarm or smell smoke, Shout "Fire! Everyone out!" to awaken anyone still asleep and to let others know there is a fire.
3. Feel the door with the back of your hand if there's a fire.
*If it's hot, use the window if possible. A warm door may mean there is a fire outside.
*If the door is cool, open it slowly, then crawl out of the building.
*If heat and smoke come in when you open the door, close it tightly, and find another way out.
4. Don't hide! Go outside! Never hide under beds when there is a fire.
5. Stay low and crawl below the smoke to safety.  Smoke goes up with the warm air and the air below is fresher.
6. Don't stop to put on your clothes or look for valuables  .
7. Don't go back into a burning house for any reason.
8.Wait for your family at a meeting place outside, such as a big tree or the entrance( ) of the housing estate , to know everyone is safe.
9. If you can't escape from a room because of a fire outside, put wet clothing, towels, or blankets at the bottom of the door to keep the smoke out.
10.Open your window and ask for help if you can't escape through the door.
11. Stop, Drop and Roll if your hair or clothes are on fire. Shout for help, but don't run. Running makes fire burn faster. Stop where you are. Drop to the ground while covering your face with your hands to protect it. Roll over and over until the fire is out.
,A, B, C, D ,. (5,2,10)
The question is: If your hair or clothes are on fire,  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:run quickly
B:stop, drop and roll
C:jump downstairs
D:running fastSteven is six years old. He gets some money from his mother every week. He buys a lot of things from the shops, but he doesn't really need them, and he puts them everywhere. One day his mother gives him a notebook and says, "Now, Steven, when you buy things, write their names down in the notebook, and also write down how much they are. Then you can look at it again when your money is all gone  , and you don't waste   so much money next time."
After a week, Steven says to his mother, "Do you know, Mum, before I spend   any money now, I really stop and think!" His mother is very happy and thinks, "Well, my son knows the value   of money now." But then she hears him say, "Mum, before I buy something, I always ask myself, 'Can I spell   that word and put it down in my notebook?' "
The question is: Why is Steven's mother happy?
The possible answers are:
A:She thinks that her son doesn't waste money now.
B:She thinks that her son knows how to buy the notebook.
C:Her son stops to think how to write the name of the thing before he buys it.
D:She thinks that her son doesn't buy anything.Liu Hong is from China. She is a nice girl. Her eyes are big and her mouth is small. She has a big family . Her father   is Liu Jie. And her mother's  name is Deng Hua. They are very nice. Liu Hong has a sister and brother(,). Her sister is Liu Hui, and her brother is Liu Bin. Liu Hui has long hair and a round face. But Liu Bin has short curly hair and a long face. They are students.
, .
The question is: _  has big eyes.
The possible answers are:
A:Liu Hui
B:Liu Bin
C:Liu Hong
D:Liu JieWhy play games? Because they are fun, and we can learn even more while playing. Following the rules, planning your next move, acting as a team member -- these are all "game" ideas that you will come across all through your life. They can help you in different ways.
Think about some of the games you played as a young child, such as rope-jumping and hide-and-seek. Such games are very interesting. But perhaps more importantly, they translate part of life into exciting games that teach children some of the basic rules they will be expected to follow the rest of their lives, such as taking turns and cooperating  .
Many children's games have a practical side. Children around the world play games that prepare them for work they will do as grown-ups. For example, some Saudi Arabian children play a game called bones, which improves the hand-eye coordination   needed in fishing.
The most famous games of all, the Olympic Games, bring athletes from around the world together to take part in friendly competitions. People who watch the event   know that a gold medal is a win for the whole country, not just the athlete who got it. For countries experiencing natural disasters   or wars, an Olympic win can mean so much.
Sports games are also an event that unites   people. Football is the most popular sport in the world. People all over the world play it -- some for fun and some for a living. Nicolette Iribarne, a Californian football player, has discovered a way to spread hope through football. He created a foundation   to provide poor children with not only soccer balls but also a bright future.
Next time you play your favorite game or sport, think about why you enjoy it, what skills are needed, and whether these skills will help you in other parts of your life.
The question is: What can we learn from the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:Games can help everybody to make much money.
B:Games can turn real-life experiences into a story.
C:Games can make skill learning more interesting.
D:Games can prevent all the countries from disasters.House For Sale
Red Rose Garden, Pudong
3-story home, 509 sqm total   land area, 428.8 sqm built-in, 312.2 sqm garden. Asking RMB 13 million (USD 1.57 million).
MP: 13761973547     Tel: 021-58609228    Fax: 021-58609728
Job Wanted
Cherry, 24, a shining girl, good at oral English and Putonghua. Now I am working at an international trade   company in Guangzhou. I am kind-hearted, hard-working and healthy, and would like part-time weekend work offering Putonghua lessons to foreign friends. If you are interested, please email me at _ .
Beijing Snow World Ski Park
Price: 18 yuan (ticket), 50 yuan/hour on weekdays and 70 yuan/hour on weekends, 120 yuan/four hours on weekdays and 190 yuan/four hours on weekends.
Tel : 010-69191617
The question is: How many square meters is the garden of the house for sale?
The possible answers are:
A:509 sqm.
B:428.8 sqm.
C:312.2 sqm.
D:80.2 sqm.A rich woman begins to learn painting . When she is sixty years old, she loves it very much. She paints and paints. After ten years, there are lots of pictures in her workroom, and she thinks they are very good.
One day, the old woman is badly ill in bed, but she doesn't forget her pictures. She says to his grandson, Hand, "I want to give my pictures to a school, then the students will remember me. But which school do you think is the best, my dear?"
"Well," says the little boy, "You'd better give them to the blind school!"
The question is: The old woman is Hand's  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:grandmother
B:grandfather
C:grandson
D:grand-daughter.Many people think the dinosaurs  were the biggest animals that ever lived. They are wrong. The world's biggest animal is still living and it lives in the ocean . It is the blue whale . Blue whales can be as long as 30 meters and weigh as much as 1,000 kilos. The largest dinosaurs weighed only 500 kilos.
The whale is not only the world's biggest animal; it is also one of the cleverest. We know that whales can talk with each other, but we do not know what they are saying. Maybe one day we will learn how to talk with whales, and then they will be able to tell us about themselves.
Whales live in the ocean, but they don't _ eggs like fish do. They are mammals . They give birth to babies and have milk inside their own bodies to feed them. Humans are also mammals.
Sadly, there are not many kinds of whales left. People have killed them for food and other things for a long time. Now there are laws to stop people killing most kinds of whales. So maybe there will be more of them in years to come.
The question is: The article mainly talks about  _
The possible answers are:
A:the world's biggest animal
B:lots of stories about whales
C:laws to stop people killing whales
D:the differences between dinosaurs and whalesDear friends,
My name is Tony. I am English. I am thirteen years old this year. I am tall, and I am good at playing football. I am in Grade Seven. There are thirty boys and twenty girls in my class. We are learning Chinese in our school. Our Chinese teacher is Mr. Wu. He is a little short, but he is very strong. He is very nice to us. I have some good friends in my class. Tom is a tall boy and has short black hair. He is good at playing football, too. Alice is short and she loves wearing red dresses. She is good at English. Shelly has long hair. She can speak Japanese and she likes running. We all study hard.
What about your school and your friend?  Please write soon.
Yours,
Tony
The question is: How many students are there in Tony's class?
The possible answers are:
A:30
B:20
C:50
D:52Americans have used colors to create many expressions they use every day.
We say you're 'in the pink' when we are in good health. It is easy to understand how this expression was born. When my face has a nice fresh, pink color, it is a sign my health is good.
The color green is natural for trees, it is an unnatural color for humans. When someone doesn't feel well, someone who is sick, for example, we say he 'looks green'. When someone is angry because he doesn't have what someone else has, we say he is 'green with envy'.
Some people are 'green with envy' because someone else has more dollars, or 'green backs'. Dollars are called 'greenbacks' because that's the color of the backside of the money.
Blue is a cool color. The traditional blue music of American blacks is the opposite of red hot music. It is slow, sad and soulful (  ). To be blue, of course, is to be sad.
The color black is often used in expressions. People describe a day in which everything grows wrong as a 'black day'. A 'black sheep' is the member of a family or group who always seems to be in trouble. If someone meets a 'black cat', something unlucky might happen to him. Not all the 'black' expressions have bad meaning. A company 'in the red' is losing money. If someone tells you to put someone 'in black and white', they want you to write it down.
The question is: After reading the passage, we can infer (  ) if someone 'looks grey', he   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:looks well
B:may need a doctor
C:is healthy
D:is 'in the pink'My Town the Best Place to Be!
My town is a great place to live in . It's the best place to enjoy your free time. There are three movie theaters in the town. They are all good, but the one nearest my house is the best. Shopping is also easy, There are many shops and most of them are trendy. They sell very fashionable clothes. The prices are also cheaper than in other cities, so students love to shop here. There are also a lot of video and music stores. These are very popular with students. I go to the music store every week to buy a new CD. The most crowded place for students to hang out is the park . Everyone goes there ,so it's really interesting.
Sometimes there are even street performers. Some students think they are boring ,but I think they are the most creative people. I want to be a street performer, too .
The question is: Most of the shops are   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:expensive
B:interesting
C:fashionable
D:unfashionableIt seems that beauty and women are twins.You are joking? No,I am not.Watch it for yourself! Ads on fashion TV screens,radio programs,magazines,newspapers,and the streets.Whether they have realized it or not, women are surrounded by a sea of fashion. They are taught to think that without beautiful clothes they will grow old and lose their charm. so who dares to neglect  dressing up at the cost of their appearance and youth?
But I do not agree with the opinion that women have to show their beauty through their appearances. The richness of their minds proves to be more beautiful and attractive than their appearances. a woman who has experienced many troubles and may be called "aunt" or"granny" can still keep up her beauty if she has such excellent qualities as knowledge,ability,a kind heart,great courage, caring for others, etc.
In addition, old and young, beautiful and ugly are relative concepts .People who keep a young mind will never feel old.Interested in new things and eager to learn more,they keep up with the time. plainly-dressed women may have a type of beauty that is pure and real. Reading and learning is the best way to keep one youthful.Good books are rich soil which can feed the flower of one's heart and appearances.
The question is: The author believes that   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:beautiful clothes can make women more attractive
B:women should pay more attention to their own qualities
C:women have to show their beauty through their appearances
D:women are more curious about new things than menMr Smith is a teacher. He is near-sighted . But he doesn't wear glasses. One day, he is walking in a street. He is thinking something. Suddenly a strong wind blows his cap off his head. My Smith runs after it. He wants to catch it but he can't. At this time, an old woman from a door of the house says to him.
" Hi! What are you doing, sir?"
"Running after my cap."
"Your cap? Aha......that's my black cat. "She says.
"Your cat? Sorry, but where is my cap?"
The question is: Which's not true?
The possible answers are:
A:He runs after the old woman's cat.
B:He thinks that black cat is his black cap.
C:He is wearing a pair of glasses.
D:He is a teacher."Everything happens for the best," my mother said whenever I faced disappointment. "If you can carry on, one day something good will happen."
After graduating from college in 1932, I decided to try for a job in radio, then work my way up to sports announcer . I took the bus to Chicago and knocked on the door of every station. But I was refused every time. In one studio, a nice lady told me that big stations didn't want to accept inexperienced persons. "Go to the countryside and find a small station that'll give you a chance," she said.
I returned home, Dixon in Illinois. While there were no radio-announcing jobs in Dixon, my father said Smith Ward had opened a store and wanted a local sportsman to manage its sports department. Since I had played high school football in Dixon, I applied . The job sounded just right for me. But I still failed in the interview. At that moment, mom's words came to my mind: "Everything happens for the best." Dad offered me a car to look for a job. I tried WOC Radio in Davenport in Iowa. The program director, named Peter MacArthur, told me they had already hired an announcer.
As I left his office, I felt sad. I asked aloud, "How can a man become a sports announcer if he can't get a job in a radio station?"
I was waiting for the lift when I heard MacArthur calling, "What did you say about sports? Do you know anything about football?" Then he made me stand before a microphone and asked me to broadcast an imaginary game. As a result, I did a wonderful job and was told to broadcast Saturday's game!
On my way home, I thought of my mother's words again: "Everything happens for the best if you carry on. One day something good will happen."
The question is: After the writer graduated from college, he tried to look for a job in  _  at first.
The possible answers are:
A:Chicago
B:Dixon
C:Davenport
D:IllinoisFlat A:Lovely double bedroom with own store space in the house, garden, garage and parking space. 5 minutes to the library,18 minutes to the bank. TV broadband available.
115 pounds per week including all the bills. Four weeks rent ,four weeks deposit required.
Tel:07912100237
Flat B:A double room available to rent atPS420 per month in a 2-bedroom new apartment located in London. It's ideal for students (5 minutes to University of Greenwich, Avery Hill campus) and professional people for short term. 2 minutes walk to the train station and local town centre. There are fast trains to London Bridge(15 minutes)and Cambridge Cross Station(20 minutes)in London.
There are public buses to Cambridge, Greenwich etc.
Features: entrance hall, modem kitchen and bathroom, living room and parking space.
Tel: 17912100273
Flat C:Shared flats available for rent, weeklyPS80 including breakfast and dinner;dailyPS20 including breakfast. Wireless  Internet is provided for free. Central location in London, ideal for holiday makers and students.
Tel: 0791 2305237
The question is: Which flat is best suitable for web addicts ?
The possible answers are:
A:Flat A
B:Flat B
C:Flat C
D:NoneDo you plan to study at American University ?It takes a long time to get accepted at most
American schools,perhaps as much as a year.That's why you should start choosing a school as soon as possible.It's also a good idea to apply to several different schools,so that you'll have a better chance of being accepted at one. You should start looking for information now ,because the more  information you have about each college,the better choice you can make.
There are two good ways to get information you need.One is a general reference book,called Guide to American Colleges and Universities.The other good source of information is the catalogue published by each school.
You can study the general guide in almost any American library.This book has a lot of useful
information,such as the number of students,the average test score for people accepted to the school,and the number of books in the library.You can also find the address of each school in this book.
Although the general guidebook has helpful information,some of the facts may be out-of-date.For example,many school raise their tuition every year.Since you'll need to know what your education will cost,out-of-date information will not be good enough.To be sure that you are getting the latest information,write to the university and ask for its catalogue.The catalogue not only has more detailed information.For example,the catalogue can tell you what kinds of courses are offered,and what kind housing there is in the school.Some universities have places for you to live in,but at  others you have to find your own place to live.
With all this information,you should be able to pick out several good schools.
The question is: What is the main topic of this talk?
The possible answers are:
A:Sources of information about US university.
B:Different kinds of American universities.
C:The difference between colleges and universities.
D:How to get accepted at a university.Many years ago,there was a very popular sport in America. Who invented the sport more than 3,000 years ago? We don't know . But everyone thinks it was the 01mecs made it popular.
People don't have the same rules about the game all over the world . People in different parts of the world play the game in different places at different times. If we want to bring back the sport, we need to have two teams of players standing on each end of a court. When the game begins, the two teams need to pass a ball with their hands and feet. The players can't touch the ball with their hands and feet.
But they can use their elbows  and other parts of their bodies hit it. If a player does not pick up t he ball in time and lets it fall to the ground, that team loses a point. Or if a player makes the ball through a hoop ,that team scores a point. The team with the most points wins the game.
The question is: Which one is wrong?
The possible answers are:
A:Olmosmadethesportpopular.
B:Playersmuststandattheendofacourt.
C:Playersdon'tneedtopassballs.
D:Playerswhomaketheballthroughahoopcanscoreapoint.One day Mrs Jones goes shopping alone . When Mr Jones comes home in the evening, she begins to tell him about a beautiful dress. "I see it in a shop this morning," she says, "and..." "And you want to buy it," says Mr Jones, "how much is it?" "Fifteen pounds." Every evening, when Mr Jones comes back from work, his wife goes on talking only about the dress. And at last, after a week, he says, "Oh, buy the dress! Here's the money!" She is very happy. But the next evening, when Mr Jones comes home and asks, "Have you got the famous  dress?" She says, "No." Why not?" he says. "Well, it is still in the window of the shop after a week. I think nobody else wants this dress. So I think it is not a good one!"
The question is: From the story we can know  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:Mrs Jones is a housewife, she doesn't have much money
B:Mr Jones doesn't like his wife
C:Mr Jones comes home for lunch every day
D:Mrs Jones doesn't like the things if others like themMr. King is a tall and strong man. He teaches P.E. in a middle school. He has a long beard  and takes care of it.
It was Sunday yesterday. There was a big football match of the year on the playground in the centre of the city. Mr. King likes the games very much and of course he was going to watch it. With his friends' help he got a ticket a few days ago. After breakfast he hurried to the bus stop, but a lot of people were waiting there. A bus came. There were lots of people on it and it was difficult for them to put their feet. He had to grip the back of the chair. At the next stop a boy got on the bus. He was short and couldn't grip anything. Suddenly the bus stopped and the boy was likely to fall off. He looked around and saw Mr. King's beard and gripped it. The man found it at once and called out,"Go off my beard, boy!"
"Are you going to get off, sir?"asked the boy.
The question is: Mr. King was afraid   _  , so he shouted at him.
The possible answers are:
A:the boy would pull him down
B:the boy would hurt his beard
C:the boy could be hurt again
D:the boy would borrow his ticketAre you looking for something fun and would you like to help others in your free time? Then join us to be a volunteer ! We're a non-profit   organization . We have volunteer jobs of all ages. Anyone, from twelve-year-old children to people about seventy years old can become a volunteer.
You can help people in many ways. Schools need help with taking care of children while parents are working. Hospitals need volunteers to look after children while their parents are seeing a doctor. Animal lovers can help take care of those dogs and cats without homes. There is something for everyone.
"As a volunteer. I don't want to get anything. Seeing the children's happy faces, I'm happy, too." said Carlos Domingo. an old woman of 62. "I often played computer games in my- free time before. Now I help older people learn how to use computers," said another volunteer at the age of 18.
The question is: What do volunteers want to get when they help others?
The possible answers are:
A:Money.
B:Computers.
C:Everything.
D:Nothing.Do you feel a little sleepy after lunch? Well, that's normal  . Your body slows down then. What should you do about it? Don't drink coffee! Instead, take a nap  .
It's good to have a daily nap. First of all, you are more energetic after napping. You remember things better and make fewer mistakes. Also, you can learn things more easily after taking a nap. A nap may improve your self-confidence   and make you more active. It may even cheer you up. But, there are some rules you should think about taking a nap.
First, take a nap in the middle of day.
Next, a 20-minute nap is best. If you sleep longer, you may fall into a deep sleep. After waking from a deep sleep, you will feel worse. Also, you should set an alarm clock. That way, you can fully relax during your nap. You won't have to keep looking at the clock so you don't sleep too much.
Now, the next time you feel sleepy after lunch, don't get stressed. Put your head down, close your eyes, and take a nap.
The question is: What is the text mainly about?
The possible answers are:
A:Why and how to take a nap.
B:Rules to improve your self-confidence.
C:How to make fewer mistakes.
D:When to take a nap.How does Lucy spend a week?
Monday Practice playing volleyball
3:00-5:OOp.m.
Tuesday Go to see Tim  Children's Hospital
8:30-10:30p.m.
Wednesday Part-time job 
1:00-5:00 p m.
Thursday Go to the station to meet her uncle Ricky
9:00 a.m.
Friday See Mr Green    10:30-11:30 a.m.
Part-time job 2:00-6:00 p.m.
Saturday A birthday party for Lily  7:00-10:00 p.m.
Sunday Help Frank with his Maths
The question is: Lucy's uncle is coming on  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:Saturday.
B:Friday.
C:Thursday.
D:Wednesday.ARE you creative, shy, outgoing? Our personalities reveal a lot about who we are. But what's surprising is that our personality can also say something about our health. That's according to researchers at Duke University, US.
During an experiment on 1,000 people, scientists assessed   their personalities in two ways: by asking someone they knew, such as a family member or friend; then by asking someone they had just met, such as a nurse. The study found that those who were careful at age 26 were in better health after 12 years.
Being careful means that people tend to have a lot of self-control, and are less likely to smoke, the scientists said. Careful people are also more likely to have an active lifestyle and healthy diet.
From those who were least careful, 45 percent developed health problems by the age of 38. Such health issues included gum disease and high blood pressure  . To compare, only 18 percent of careful people went on to develop health problems.
Another positive personality was called "openness to experience", meaning curious and imaginative. People who have more of this personality have higher IQ scores. So they'd be more likely to know how to find medical help to prevent disease.
According to the report, if doctors assessed our personalities, it could help doctors to find which young adults need advice on how to live a healthy lifestyle. What's surprising is that stress didn't play a big part on a person's health. Even though stress and anxiety   are usually linked to bad health.
But can a doctor who knows our personality really improve our health? Or should doctors be kept away from knowing something so personal?
The question is: What is the main idea of the article?
The possible answers are:
A:People can change their personality type.
B:Scientists have found two different personality types.
C:Personalities have something to do with our lifestyle.
D:Personalities say something about our health.When I was growing up in America, I was ashamed of   my mother's Chinese English. Because of her Chinese English, she was often treated unfairly. People in department stores, at banks, and at restaurants did not take her seriously, did not give her good service, pretended not to understand her, or even acted as if they did not hear her.
My mother realized that she was poor at English. When I was fifteen, she used to have me call people on phone to pretend I was she. I was made to ask for information or even to shout at people who had been rude to her. One time I had to call her stockbroker . I said in an adolescent  voice that was not very certain, "This is Mrs. Tan." My mother was standing beside me saying, "Why he doesn't send me check, already two weeks late." And then, in perfect English I said: "I'm getting rather worried. You agreed to send the check two weeks ago, but it hasn't arrived." My mother then talked more loudly. "What he want? I come to New York to tell him in front of his boss." And so I turned to the stockbroker again, "I can't accept any more excuse. If I don't receive the check immediately, I am going to have to speak to your manager when I am in New York next week."
The next week we ended up in New York. While I was sitting there red-faced, my mother, the real Mrs. Tan, was shouting to his boss in her broken English.
When I was a teenager, my mother's broken English embarrassed  me. But now, I see it differently. To me, my mother's English is perfectly clear, perfectly natural. It is my mother tongue. Her language, as I hear it, is vivid, direct, and full of observation and wisdom. It was the language that helped me see things, express ideas, and _ the world.
The question is: Why was the writer's mother poorly served?
The possible answers are:
A:She was unable to speak good English.
B:She was often treated unfairly.
C:She was not clearly heard.
D:She was not very polite.All students should have good study habits. When you have good study habits, you can learn things quickly. You also remember them easily .
Do you like to study in the living-room? This is not a good place because it is usually too noisy. You should study in a quiet place, like your bedroom. A quiet place will help you only think about one thing, and you will learn better.
Before you begin to study, do not forget to clean your desk. A good desk light is important, too .You'll feel tired easily if there is not much light .
The question is: The best title   of this passage is   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:Study in the Bedroom
B:Good Study Habits
C:How to study
D:Desk Light is ImportantChuck Wall teaches management and human relations at Bakersfield College. He walked into class one day and told his students that their homework was to perform one act of random  kindness. His students did not understand the homework and didn't know what to do, but the professor would not answer their questions. He encouraged his students to work it out for themselves.
One week later, the students entered the classroom excited to share their stories. One student told of giving away blankets to the homeless. Another reported on helping a dog to find its owner, and another student had been trying to find a long, lost friend. Students were energized   by the homework assignment and wanted other people to be kind too. With the support of local businesses, the students made stickers to put on cars that invited people to do something kind for others. They sold the stickers and decided to donate the money to a center for the blind---not surprising as Professor Wall is blind.
Since then, similar kindness activities have been started in schools around the world. Many schools organize a Random Acts of Kindness Week, around November 13th, to celebrate World Kindness Day. Some schools use each day of Random Acts of Kindness Week to perform a different kind act, such as making a new friend, helping someone, doing community service, or raising money for a charity. Students learn to consider other people and thank about how small actions can make the world a better place.
The question is: We learn from the passage that   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:Chuck's students are not clever enough
B:the students didn't do Chuck's homework
C:Chuck Wall is an unusual teacher
D:no students enjoyed Chuck's homeworkToo many people want others to be their friends, but they don't give friendship  back. That is why some friendships don't last  very long. To have a friend, you must learn to treat  your friend the way you want your friend to treat you. Learning to be a good friend means learning three rules: be honest; be generous;be understanding.
Honesty means being honest. It is where a good friendship starts. Friends must be able to trust one another. If you don't tell the truth, people usually find out. If a friend finds out that you haven't been honest, you may lose your friend's trust. Good friends always count on  one another to speak and act honestly.
Generosity means sharing and sharing makes a friendship grow. You don't have to give your friend your lunch money or your clothes, or enjoy your hobbies and interests together. Naturally you will want to share your ideas and feelings. These can be very valuable  to a friend. They tell your friend what is important to you. By sharing them, you help your friend know you better.
Sooner or later everyone needs understanding and help with a problem. Something may go wrong at school. Talking about the problem can make it easier to solve . Turning to a friend can be a first step in solving the problem. So to be a friend, you must listen and understand. You must try to put yourself in your friend's place, so you can understand the problem better.
No two friendships are ever exactly alike  . But all true friendships have three things in common . If you plan to keep your friendships, you must practice honesty,Generosity and understanding.
The question is: Which of the following is NOT true in the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:A friend who gives you his lunch money is a true friend.
B:Always tell your friend the truth.
C:Discussing your problems with your friend often helps to solve the problem.
D:Sharing your mind with your friend is very valuable.Once there was a huge apple tree. A little boy loved to come and play around it every day. He loved the tree and the tree loved to play with him.
Time went by ...The little boy had grown up and he no longer played around the tree every day. One day, the boy came back to the tree and he looked sad , " Come and play with me," the tree asked the boy. "I'm no longer a kid. I wouldn't play around the tree any more. " The boy replied.  "I want toys. I need money to buy them. " " Sorry, I don't have money. But you can pick all my apples and sell them. So you will have money. " The boy picked all the apples on the tree and left happily. The boy never came back after he picked the apples.
One day, the boy returned and the tree was so excited. "Come and play with me, " the tree said.  "I don't have time to play. I have to work for my family. We need a house for shelter. Can you help?" " Sorry ,  I don't have a house. But you can cut off my branches to build your house. " So the boy cut all the branches off the tree and left happily. The tree was glad to see him happy but the boy never came back since then. The tree was again lonely and sad.
One hot summer day, the boy returned and the tree was pleased. " Come and play with me ! " the tree said. "I am sad and getting old. I want to go sailing to relax myself. Can you give me boat?" " Use my trunk to build your boat. You can sail far away and be happy. " So the boy cut the tree trunk to make a boat. He went sailing and never showed up for a long time.
Finally, the boy returned after he left for so many years. " Sorry, my boy. But I don't have anything for you any more. The only thing left is my dying root ." The tree said _ . "I don't need much now, just a place to rest. I'm tired after all these years," the boy replied.
"Good! Old tree root is the best place to lean on and rest. Come and sit down with me and rest. " The boy sat down and the tree was glad and smiled _ .
The question is: According to the passage , which of the following statements is NOT true?
The possible answers are:
A:The phrase " with tears1 " means that the apple tree was sad because the boy asked for too much.
B:The phrase " with tears2 " means that the apple tree was still happy because she could help the boy for the last time.
C:Each time the boy asked the apple tree for help, the tree tried her best to satisfy him.
D:After reading the passage, we can easily think of the old Chinese saying " Parents love is universal !"Jack and Mike are on holiday in France. Mike loves visiting old buildings. Jack likes, too.
In the village Jack and Mike see a beautiful old church, but when they come into the church, some people are there. They don't know what the people are doing.
"Oh! Just sit quietly, and do like the others!" Mike says. Because they don't really know French, so they stand, kneel, and sit to follow other people.
Then the priest says something. The man next to Jack and Mike stands up. "We should stand up, too!" Jack whispers to Mike.
So, Jack and Mike stand up with the man. Suddenly, all the people smile!
After that, Jack and Mike walk to the priest. "What's so funny?" Jack asks in English.
With a smile on his face the priest says, "Boys, there is a new baby born, we ask the father to stand up."
Mike smiles and says, "We should understand what people do before we do like them. "
The question is: Why are Jack and Mike in the church?
The possible answers are:
A:They want to see the priest.
B:There are many friends.
C:They want to see the baby.
D:The church is an old building.Jim comes from the U.S. He is now living in China. He gets up at about 6:30 and has breakfast at 7:00. After breakfast, he says goodbye to his parents and leaves home at 7:30. He usually walks to school. He gets there at 7:55. He has his first class at eight.
Morning classes are over at 12:10 and he has lunch 10 minutes later. After lunch he plays with his friends.
Afternoon classes begin at 1:30. Usually there are two lessons in the afternoon. They finish at 3:30. Usually he plays games or other things at school, and he gets home at about 5:15. He has _ at six and then does his homework and then watches TV. He goes to bed at about 10:30.
The question is: Jim has breakfast  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:at school
B:at home
C:in the classroom
D:outside his schoolThe early history of the city of Rome involves Romulus and Remus,two orphan boys who,legend says,were raised by a she-wolf.The boys' mother had been murdered by an evil king and the two babies tossed into the river Tiber.When the wolf found them they had washed up on the shore.She perhaps took pity on the crying of the babies and,gently picking them up in her teeth,she carried them back to her cave and fed them on her milk.The boys grew bigger and stronger and,eventually,were found by a herdsman who took them home.He and his wife raised the boys like their own children.When they reached manhood they sought revenge on the king who had killed their mother and driven them from their home.
They decided to build a city.Unfortunately,they argued over the appropriate site and Romulus killed his brother Remus.Romulus ruled this city -- called Roma -- for thirty-seven years.
The city of Rome is one of the most popular tourist attractions in the world.If you travel there you can see a statue of the two baby boys feeding from their mother - the wolf.
The question is: "...they sought revenge on the king who had killed their mother..." means...
The possible answers are:
A:They attacked the king who had harmed their mother and made them orphans.
B:They went to court to sue the king for his crime against their mother.
C:They hired some gangsters to take care of their problem with the king.
D:They went to talk to the king about his crime against their mother.Dear Annie,
I have never written a letter to a newspaper before, I have just never felt the need to do such a thing. I have always felt I was quite able to do everything by myself. But now I know I was wrong.
Sometimes you really need help in life, I guess. And that's why I'm writing this letter to you.
I have a happy family. I love my children and they love me . I'm a mother of three children. I know well how to bring up  children, and two of them are already over twenty, so it is nothing new for me.
But now I have a serious problem: the Internet problem. My little son is just sixteen, and I feel he should do a lot of homework now , but he doesn't seem to be interested in it . He can happily spend six or eight hours at a time on the Internet every day , He chats with people that he has never met before , but speaks little to us .He does lots of useless things on the Internet. And he sees red if you ask him to do his homework.
I just want him to be a good student . Now he seldom does his lessons at home. I'm afraid he will drop behind in his class soon. His father is a doctor , a very kind man . He never seems to be afraid of his father.
What can I do ?And don't tell to talk to him. We've tried that and it didn't work. But this is really a big problem in our family. I have tried everything I can think of . I
wonder how the Internet is so attractive .You're my last hope. Please tell me what I can do!
Yours,
Ellen Smith
The question is: Mrs Snith wrote to Annie because_.
The possible answers are:
A:she often asked others for help
B:she thought she was a great mother
C:she didn't know how to stop his son surfing the Internet
D:she didn't know how the Internet was so attractiveDear Mr. Expert,
I grew up in a abusive  home, I always promised myself that I'd get out as soon as possible. Now, at age 20, I have a good job and a nice house of my own, and I'm really proud .
Here's the problem: some of my friends who still live with their parents spend the weekends with me. But now they make mine theirs. They bring boy friends over, talk on the phone, etc.
I enjoy having my friends here sometimes -it makes the place feel comfortable and warm, but this is my home, not a party house, what shall I do?
Joan
Dear Joan,
If your family didn't pay attention to your needs when you were a child, you probably have trouble letting others know your needs now.
And if you've gathered your friends around you to rebuild a happy family, you may fear that saying no will bring back the kind of _ that you grew up in. You need to understand that in true friendship it's okay to put your own needs first from time to time.
Be clear about the message you want to send to your friends. For example, "I really love you, but I also need some personal space. So please call me before you come over ."
Edward
The question is: We can infer  from the first letter that  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:Joan lives in a happy family and she has a lot of friends
B:Joan's friends visit her more often than she can accept
C:Joan doesn't like the parties at all
D:Joan dislikes the boyfriends that her friends bring overThe Piano Lesson
Jenny wasn't interested in playing the piano. She liked writing stories and acting them out with her friends. But Mrs. Windsor gave her piano lessons for free, so she felt she should have a try. Every Sunday she had her piano lessons in Mrs. Windsor's house.
One Sunday morning, Jenny walked into Mrs. Windsor's music room and sat down on the piano bench  as usual.
"Hello," Jenny heard a voice behind her. She turned around and saw a young girl.
"What's your name?" The girl asked.
Before Jenny could answer, Mrs. Windsor walked in and said, "Jenny, this is my niece , Pasha. Pasha, this is Jenny. I need to go to hospital, so Pasha will give you your lesson today."
Pasha sat beside Jenny on the piano bench and asked, "What piece do you like best?"
"I don't know." Jenny said. "They're all the same to me."
"You mean you don't have a favorite?" Pasha was surprised.
"No, not really." Jenny said.
Pasha opened Jenny's music book and asked Jenny to play.
After about a page or two, Pasha gently  put her hand on top of Jenny's. Jenny stopped. Then Pasha said, "Jenny, what are you hearing in the music?" Jenny looked at Pasha strangely.
"I don't know." Jenny said.
"Let me try and you listen," Pasha said. "All you have to do is learn to hear the stories in the music."
"I've never thought of it that way." Jenny said.
"Let's try together, shall we?" Pasha smiled. Together they played that afternoon and tried to find the story in the music. That day Jenny found playing the piano was not that difficult.
The question is: Pasha is Mrs. Windsor's   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:daughter
B:student
C:niece
D:granddaughterAmericans think much about time. From childhood they learn to value time. They are taught to be on time to go to school, to work and to do everything. When they are having a good time, they say that time goes easily. When a person is dying, they say he is living on a borrowed time.
Time is money. Time is knowledge. Time is everything in America. A working American has to work hard for eight hours a day or forty hours a week. This is the working time. In his free time, he also works hard for more money. Even on Saturday and Sunday he also works hard as usual. In the street you can hardly see a man walking slowly. They walk very fast. In fact, they are running.
They love time because time can bring them money and lots of things. But sometimes they also hate time , because they feel they have become servants of the clock .
The question is: From this passage we can be sure that  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:Americans live a hard life
B:Americans always walk fast
C:Americans live in a quick rhythm
D:Americans are good at saving timeAn interesting experiment   is being done at the Children's Hospital I in    London. Animals, such as dogs, cats, and even horses help sick children to get better.
There are many reasons why this treatment   is important. Dr. Marcus Finch of the Children's Hospital said, "Children and teenagers have many changes as they are growing up. When they have problems, it is not easy for them to open up any talk. However, when they are with a pet animal, they calm down, relax, and smile. Animals do not speak and so they do not criticize  . They listen and they do not stop the children. Children can talk to animals because they can trust them. Animals know how to keep a secret! Also, the children feel needed because they help to feed the animals and look after them."
At the Children's Hospital, you can find children playing with cats, dogs, goats, and riding horses. The doctors just watch and take notes and wonder at the power of pets!
The question is: The best little for the passage is   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:The Children's Hospital
B:better than Doctors
C:An Interesting Story
D:Fun with AnimalsSome children want to be writers some day. They mean that they want to write stories or books for people to read. That's good! It's good to write something for people to read! But they should know that they need to be good readers first before they really are good writers. They should read a lot of books, and read for hours and hours every day instead   of watching TV and spending a lot of time playing games when they are free.
If you are a good reader, it doesn't take you long to do the reading homework. Then you have time to read many other books for fun. Because you read so well, you have more fun in reading and you want to look for more books to read.
Before you decide to be a good writer, you'd better say to yourself, "I must read and read and read more and more!"
The question is: This article   mainly   tells us that   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:some children wish to be writers some day
B:it is good to write something for people to read
C:reading can make you a good writer
D:writers like to read more books for funTwo hunters rented  a small plane to fly them to a forest. They told the pilot to come back and pick them up in about two weeks. By the end of the two weeks, they had hunted a lot of animals and they wanted to put all of them onto the plane.
But the pilot said, "This plane can only take one lamb. You'll have to leave the others behind."
Then one hunter said, "But last year, another pilot with the same plane let us take two lambs and some other animals onto the plane."
So the new pilot thought about it. Finally he said, "OK, since you did it last year, I think this year we can do it again." Then they put all the animals they had hunted onto the plane, and the plane took off. Five minutes later, it crashed.
The three men looked around, and one hunter asked the other one, "Where do you think we are now?"
The other hunter looked around and said, "I think we're about one mile away from the place where the plane crashed last year."
The question is: What can we infer from the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:The two hunters knew the pilot before.
B:The two hunters come to the forest every year.
C:The new pilot didn't know the plane would crash at first.
D:The plane the two hunters took last year also crashed after flying five minutes.Now, I'm studying in the US. I find there are some differences between schools in the US and in Vietnam.
One big difference is the clothes students wear at school and how they look. In my country, all the students should wear uniforms when they go to school. Boys aren't allowed to have long hair. Girls aren't allowed to have long or colored nails .
Another difference is about the rules for parents. In Vietnam, when we begin a new school year, our parents have to go to a meeting in our class. If they don't go to that meeting, their children won't have a grade or a report card from school. However, in the US, there aren't such strict rules above.
In Vietnam, a class is only 45 minutes and we have only five classes each weekday. When the bell rings, the students just sit in their own classroom. They can't move to a different one, but students can in the US.
In Vietnam, students can't go to work because they can't find a job if they're under18. But in the US, many students work after school. This helps them make money. More importantly, this helps them become more _ . They're able to do things by themselves in their own way, without asking other people for help.
The question is: Where does the writer come from?
The possible answers are:
A:China
B:Japan
C:America
D:VietnamPeter's uncle lives in the country. He is a man full of humor  . One day, Peter went to see his uncle. His uncle drove his car to the station to meet him. On their way home, they saw many people. His uncle waved   to everybody. Peter was surprised   and said,"Uncle,you wave to everybody. Do you know all of them?"
"No,Peter," answered his uncle. "When I wave to someone who knows me, he'll feel happy. When I wave to someone and he doesn't know me, he will feel surprised and then he will have something to think about,he will make his road seem shorter  . So I can make everybody happy."
The question is: Peter's uncle is  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:a strange man
B:a kind man
C:a humor man
D:a happy manHello! I'm Sally Hand. I'm an English girl. I'm in EEC Middle School. Here's a picture of my room.
A bed, a desk and a chair are in it. They are green. A computer is on the desk. Next to the computer is my telephone. It's red. My phone number is 523-6851. I always call my cousin in the evening. He is in China. Can you see a ring? It's on the desk, too. What's that under the chair? It's my dog. It's Kelly. Kelly is always under the chair. Can you see a tape player on the bed? It's mine. Some tapes are on the bed, too.
The question is: You can know the following  EXCEPT    _  .
The possible answers are:
A:her dog's name
B:her cousin's name
C:her telephone number
D:the name of her schoolKids love playing sports. But boys and girls like different sports. For boys, football ,baseball and basketball are their favorites. They think football and basketball are very exciting and interesting, so boys often play football or basketball after school. Peter says, "Football is very interesting. The football players are often handsome." But girls have different opinions. They think tennis and ping-pong are more interesting. Lily says, "I like tennis, because many tennis players are beautiful girls. They have good figures. I hope to have a good figure, too."
The question is: Why do kids love playing sports?
The possible answers are:
A:Because sports are exciting.
B:Because sports are interesting
C:Because many tennis players are beautiful girls.
D:because the football players are often handsomeHere comes the last term of Junior 3. Terrible! The big exam is coming in less than two months. You still have a lot to do. How will you spend it? We invited three students to share their stories.
Dou Yi, 15,Beijing
My chemistry  used to be poor in the past. I got scores of around 40 on every test. During the last term, I decide to beat chemistry. I will start to work hard. In class I take every possible note. After school, I spend most of my time studying chemistry. My parents also ask their friend, a chemistry teacher, to help me . Finally in the latest exam, I got 65! How happy I am!
Wang Zhaolin, 16, Chongqing
My foot got hurt a week before the big PE exam . Luckily, I recovered  in time. For PE , all you need is to practice. Sports can also help you relax. Be careful not to get hurt as I did.
Wang Feixuan, 15, Xi'an
My experience is that for Junior3, every minute of the last term is important. Don't waste any of them. I try to remember English words while waiting in line to get my lunch. I read textbooks on the bus to and from school. I work hard at home and sometimes stay up late studying. Want to have fun? Leave it for the summer holiday after the big exam!
The question is: In Wang Feixuan's opinion,  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:every minute of the last term is important
B:students still have a lot of time to waste
C:if you want to have fun, do it now
D:you only need to work hard at school"I planted a seed. Finally grow fruits. Today is a great day. Pick off the star for you. Pick off the moon for you. Let it rise for you every day. Become candles burning myself. Just light you up, hey!... You are my little little apple. How much I love you, still no enough."
This words are from the popular song You Are My Little Dear Apple. Bae Seul-Ki acted as the leading dancer in the MV of the song. She loves dancing. She became crazy about hip-hop when she was a school girl.
Bai Seul-Ki was born on September 27, 1986. She is a South Korean singer and dancer. She is 168cm tall. She loves cooking. Her favourite food is spicy and salty. She like pink and red most. There are five members in her family---father, mother, two younger brothers and herself. She isn't married.
After her father and mother broke up, she lived with her mother and new daddy. She enjoys being alone.
The question is: What is the age of Bae Seul-Ki now?
The possible answers are:
A:27
B:38
C:29
D:28.It was a beautiful spring morning. There wasn't a cloud in the sky, and the sun was warm but not too hot. Mr. White saw an old man at the bus stop with a big and black umbrella in his hand.
Mr. White said to him, "Do you think it's going to rain today?"
"No," said the old man, "I don't think so."
"Then are you carrying the umbrella because the sun is too hot?"
"No, the sun is not very hot in spring."
Mr. White looked at the big umbrella again, and the man said, "I am old man, and my legs are not very strong. I must have a walking-stick. But people will say, 'Look, the man is so old, and I don't like that.' When I carry an umbrella in fine weather, people only say, 'look at that stupid man.'"
The question is: Which is TURE according to the story?
The possible answers are:
A:The old man liked the weather.
B:The old man thought that it was going to rain.
C:The old man was too old to walk by himself.
D:The old man wanted people to say he was stupid.The phone rings. It's a friend who wants to tell you his or her latest health problems. You hate to be impolite and cut your friend off, but what can you do? Stephanie Winston, author of Stephanie Winston's Best Organizing Tips, offers his advice:
Don't ask questions like "What's new?" They give the information that you have time to talk. After "hello", get right to the heart of the matter.
Time your calls wisely. If you make a call right before lunch or dinner, or at the end of the workday, people chat less.
Set a time limit. Start with, "Hi, I've only got a few minutes, but I wanted to talk to you about...." Or, "Gee, I'd love to talk more, but I only have a couple of minutes before I have to leave."
Jump on a pause. Even the most talkative caller has to pause now and then. Quickly say, "It has been great talking with you." Then end the conversation.
Forget niceties. Some people just don't take a hint. Cut your caller off and say, "I'd like to talk to you longer, but I'm afraid I have no enough time. Good bye." Then hang up.
Find "a partner in crime". If nothing else works, ask someone in your home to help you. For example, one woman gives a sign to her husband, who shouts, "Jane, I think the roast chicken is burning."
Avoid the phone completely. Use an answering machine to screen calls. If you have an important message for a chatterbox, leave the message when he or she isn't in.
The question is: What's the good time to make a call so that people can chat less?
The possible answers are:
A:After lunch or dinner.
B:In the middle of the workday.
C:Before lunch or dinner.
D:At the beginning of the workday.Reading for pleasure  is the easiest way to become a better reader in English. It is also the most important way.
Some students say they don't want to read for pleasure. They say they want to use their time to learn the rules of the language and new words. They say that pleasure reading is too busy.
Many experts say pleasure reading is very important for learning English. Dr Stephen Krashen, a famous expert on learning languages, says that pleasure reading helps you learn many important things about English. Students learn more grammar and more words when they read for pleasure. They also learn more about good writing.
Dr Krashen tells us that pleasure reading helps each student in a different way. Each student needs to learn something different. Pleasure reading makes it possible for each student to learn what he or she needs.
Reading for pleasure is not the same as studying. When you read for pleasure, you choose your own books, and you don't have to remember everything. There are no tests on your pleasure reading books. Pleasure reading will help you:
*learn how English speakers use English
*read faster in English
*find examples of good writing in English
*learn new words
*learn about the culture of English speakers
The question is: From the passage, we know pleasure reading makes it the most impossible for each student to  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:find examples of good writing in English
B:learn new words
C:learn how English writers use English
D:read faster in EnglishBefore Christmas Mr Smith broke his right leg and had to stay in hospital. When he was there, he always asked his doctor when he could go home. He didn't like to spend Christmas in hospital. Though the doctor did his best, Mr Smith didn't get better. So on Christmas Day he was still in hospital. He spent a bad day in bed thinking that he missed a lot of fun on such a happy day.
The next day the doctor told him that he might be well enough to leave hospital in time for the New Year. Mr  Smith was very happy to think that he would spend New Year's Day outside hospital. Soon Mr Smith left hospital and on New Year's Eve he went to a party. He enjoyed himself there. But he drank too much. On his way home that night, he had a fall and broke his left leg. What a unlucky man he was!
The question is: He had a good time on   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:Christmas' Eve
B:Christmas Day
C:New Year's Eve
D:New Year's DayWhen an earthquake hit a small town,many houses fell down.After the earthquake,all the newspapers reported many stories about some of the families in trouble.
One Sunday, when I was reading a newspaper, a special picture touched me.It gave the clothing sizes of each family member.I thought that this would be a good chance to teach my children to help those who were less lucky than themselves.I said to my seven-year-old twins,Brad and Brett,and three-year-old Meghan."We have so much,and these poor people now have nothing.We'll share what we have with them."
I filled a box with food and clothes.While I was doing this,I encouraged the boys to choose their toys and donate some of their less favourite things.Meghan watched quietly as the boys took out their old toys and games and put them together.Then she walked away.A few minutes later she came back with Lucy, her much-loved doll.She put the doll on top of the other toys."Oh,dear" I said."You don't have to give Lucy.You love her so much."Meghan said,"Lucy makes me happy,Mommy.Maybe she'll make another little girl happy, too."I looked at Meghan for a long moment.She taught me a lesson.It's easy to give something that we don't want any more,but harder to give what we cherish ,isn't?
The question is: Which of the following is true?
The possible answers are:
A:An earthquake happened in the writer's hometown.
B:The writer didn't let Meghan give her much-loved doll.
C:The writer decided to buy some clothes for those people in trouble.
D:The writer thinks it is more difficult to give what we 1ove a lot.Do you dream of being a reporter? Are you a good English writer who loves the news? We're looking for 100 students from around the world. They will join the BBC Kid Reporter team for the 2015-2016 school year.
In the past, BBC Kid Reporters have:
 Interviewed leaders and other people.
 Written news stories for BBC For Kids.
 Talked about their work on television.[
Next year our team will continue to report local news stories for BBC For Kids magazine and bbcforkids.com.
How to Enter
Visitwww.bbcforkids.comand fill in the entry form  . Be sure to read the rules and share them with your parents, who must sign   your form. Entries must be done by June 19, 2015. You must be OVER 13 years of age. Good luck!
The question is: Next year the team will go on to report local news stories for   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:Chinese newspapers
B:American televisions
C:British middle schools
D:BBC For Kids magazine and bbcforkids.comMrs. White comes from America. She is an English teacher in No. 12 High School of Guangzhou. She speaks Chinese a little and often has Chinese classes. She likes here very much. She often says the Chinese people are very nice. She is Lucy and Lily's mom. Lucy and Lily live in America with their dad, Mr. White. They are students. They have some Chinese pen pals.
,.
The question is: Where does Mrs. White live?
The possible answers are:
A:In Shenzhen.
B:In China.
C:In Canada.
D:In America.Here is some information  about some people.
I am a math teacher. I teach math very well. Do you need help with your math?Call me at 679-8840.(Mr. Brown)
I lost my blue bag. It's from my mom and I like it very much. Did you find my bag?Please call me at 777-8953.(Lucy)
I like playing the violin,but I can't play it well. Can you help me?My phone number is 235-7765.(Joan)
Do you like reading?I have many old books and the books are free  .Call me at 658-0034.(Mark)
Here is some information on today's newspaper.
FOUND
A blue bag. I found it in the library. My name is Sue. Please call me at 889-0764.
JOB
Are you good at math?Are you good with kids?We need a math teacher at our middle school. My name is Nick. My e-mail is nick@gmail.com.
MUSIC CLUB
Do you want to be a musician?Do you want to learn how to play the piano and the violin well?Come to our club. Only 20 yuan for one lesson. Call Susan at 776-9898.
BOOKS NEEDED
We want to build a library for the kids in a small village. We need many books. Please call Mr. Han at 458-2217.
The question is: The library can call   _  for some books.
The possible answers are:
A:Mr.Brown
B:Mr.Han
C:Mark
D:SusanMr Clark goes to a dinner party in old clothes. He comes into the room, but the people in the room don't look at him. They don't ask him to sit at the table.
Mr Clark goes home and puts on   his good clothes. He goes back to the party. People in the room stands up and smiles at him. They give him very good food to eat.
Mr Clark _ his clothes, and puts them in the food and say, "Eat, clothes!"
The other people ask, "What are you doing?"
He answers, "I'm asking my coat   to eat food. When I am wearing my old clothes, you don't look at me. You don't ask me to sit down. Now I am in these clothes. And you give me very good food. Now I know, you give the food to my clothes, not to me!"
,.
The question is: How does Mr Clark goes to the party at first?
The possible answers are:
A:With his friends.
B:In old clothes.
C:With good food.
D:In good clothes.I can still remember the day I met my best friend Judy. She had just moved into the neighborhood and her grandmother brought her down to meet me. I hid behind my mother and she hid behind her grandmother,scared to look at each other. Soon we lost the shyness and started playing with each other.
In the 7th grade ,I first lost touch with her. She was going through family problems and I _ her to be with the cooler people. None of my new friends liked her as much as I did because they knew she had problems. However, every summer we would always sit at each other's house, watch soap operas and talk about all the boys we like.
It was last year when I noticed the problem. I guess I was too doveted in high school to realizeshe needed someone there. Anyway ,she made a new best friend and so did I. Then I didn't know why, but she started cutting herself!
She then was diagnosed with clinical depression .At first, I was very upset, but we still stayed in touch. I wanted to be there with new her best friend basically deserted her and people were calling her crazy.
Yesterday she came to me and said,"I never knew what a best friend was until you, the only person, would stop me cutting. I appreciate your help so much, and you didn't even know you were helping me."
We both cried. And I guess a kind of lesson from my life so far is never to give up on your friends. Even if they aren't as cool as others, or people think they are crazy, they need someone there. If you desert them, you will only be guilty yourself.
The question is: This passage mainly talks about  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:we should turn up whenever our friends need help
B:how to help a friend when they are in trouble
C:a friend in need is a friend indeed
D:when making new friends, never forget old friendsYou are busy with your job but want to make new friends? You miss your old friends and try to find them? Then try a new website --- Facebook.
Mark Zuckerberg,a Harvard student,created Facebook only about eight years ago. At first,it was only for Harvard students. Soon it became popular on the Internet. Now over 25 million people around the world use it to keep in touch with their friends. People like Facebook because it makes them feel comfortable. On Facebook,they share joys or sorrows   by posting pictures and videos. What's more,they leave messages and give online presents to their friends. Now Facebook,like eBay,is a place to sell things.
The best part about Facebook is to help find old friends. For people,the only thing to do is to sign their real names. Then it takes a short time to sign their old friends. So have fun with Facebook if you love to be with friends,old or new.
The question is: What is the best title for the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:Something about Facebook.
B:Facebook and eBay.
C:How to make new friends.
D:Have fun chatting online with your friends.The winter vacation is coming. I don't want to spend more time playing. I decide to work to make money for the next term. But I don't know what work I can do.
Now, my mother is writing a book. She is busy and tired. I want to type for her for pay. When I tell her, she is very happy. She agrees to pay me 5 yuan for 1,000 words. But she asks me to do it carefully.
It is a hard job for me. I type so slowly that I can type only 800 words a day. But I don't want to give up. I will keep typing all day long. I think I can type faster and faster.
I plan to finish the work in two weeks. Then, I will do my winter homework. I begin to know how hard it is to make money. And I really know the meaning of "Where there's a will, there's a way."
The question is: How many words must he type if he wants to make 15 yuan?
The possible answers are:
A:1,000.
B:2,000.
C:3,000.
D:4,000.A student was going to spend his holiday in a cool mountain village. That evening he stayed at an inn   near the railway station  . Before going to bed, he went to the boss of the inn and said, "Excuse me, sir. Will you please wake me up at a quarter to five tomorrow morning? I'll take the five o'clock train."
"Oh, sorry, sir," the boss said in a hurry, "I'm afraid I can't. I won't be able to get up so early."
The student was disappointed  . When he began to return to his room, be stopped and asked, "Have you got an alarm-clock  ? Maybe it can help me."
"Wait a minute, then." The boss said and brought out an alarm-clock. "Here you are, sir."
"Thank you very much." The student said happily. But he found it was rusty   when he had a look at it. And it sometimes worked and sometimes didn't. He asked, "Will it ring in time?"
"I don't know, either." said the boss, "But it doesn't matter. You just give it a good shake at a quarter to five. And it will ring on time."
The question is: The student was disappointed because   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:he had to buy an alarm-clock
B:the boss refused to wake him up
C:he would take another train
D:he had to go to the village on footMrs. Brown is a worker. She works in a big factory. She gets up at five every morning. She often has breakfast at six fifty. After that she goes to the factory by bus at half past seven. She cleans the machines when she gets there very early. Then her workmates come. They begin to work at 8:00. They all work very hard. She goes home at five. Then she does some cooking. After supper she usually helps his son Tom with his homework. Sometimes she reads books. She usually watches TV with her family on weekends.
The question is: When does Mrs. Brown usually watch TV with her family?
The possible answers are:
A:On weekdays.
B:On weekends.
C:In the morning.
D:In the afternoon.Most students in China have their own school rules. So do the schools in other countries.
Japan: Most schools demand  that students wear uniforms, such as sports suits or skirts. They also demand that girls' white socks be folded in a certain way and boys' heads be shaved 
Other Japanese schools tell students that they may not date, go to movies, leave home after sunset or play video games without permission from school.
USA: For safety at home USA schools, students must have a pair of indoor shoes to change into at school every day. This makes sure students won't fall over on the slippery floors and keeps the schools clean. Gum chewing is not allowed in many USA school buildings, as it is difficult to clean up. And if students chew gum in class, they may not focus on study.
UK: Strange hairstyles are not allowed in some British schools. But they might allow students to wear certain hairstyles during the World Cup years. Two students had a special design shaved into their hair during 2002 World Cup. But they were not accepted by their school after that because the school said the rules changed since then.
The question is: British students could have a special hairstyle_.
The possible answers are:
A:during Olympic Games
B:in the year 2007
C:only during the World Cup
D:after the school rules changedA group of frogs were travelling through the woods. Two of them, Nick and Jack, fell into a deep pit . All the other frogs gathered around the pit. When they saw how deep the pit was, they told Nick and Jack that they were as good as dead.
Nick and Jack ignored  what the other frogs said and tried to jump up out of the pit with all of their strength. The other frogs went on telling them to stop, and that they were as good as dead. Nick listened to them and gave up. Finally, he fell down and died.
Jack continued to jump as hard as he could. Once again, the frogs around the pit shouted at him to stop the pain  and just die. Jack jumped even harder and finally got out. When he was out, the other frogs asked, "Did not you hear us?" Jack explained to them that he was deaf. He thought they were encouraging him all the time.
The question is: Jack finally got out because   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:the pit wasn't deep
B:he thought the others encouraged him
C:he climbed a ladder
D:his friends pulled him outA 50-year-old American officer came back to his school. The teacher asked him to give a talk to the small boys and girls there. The talk was about the love of their great country. All the little ones were sitting in a large meeting-room. The old officer went up and began speaking. He said , " Boys and girls . I studied in this school forty years ago. When I was your age, we were not as happy as you are today. Think about it and answer me, why are you so happy now?"
No sound came from the children. The old man waited for a long time. Then a short boy in the front put up his small dirty hand. "Good boy! Please answer me, dear." said the officer.
With a big smile on his face, the boy stood up and said, "If you speak long enough, we won't have Maths and biology lessons this morning."
The question is: The children were thought to be  _   before.
The possible answers are:
A:as good as
B:as well as
C:as happy as
D:much happier thanLook at the picture. Who is the girl? She is my friend. Her name is Alice Black. She is an English girl.
Alice has a big family. Her grandparents have two daughters and one son -- her father. Alice lives with her grandparents, parents, two brothers and one sister. Alice has two dogs -- Bobby and Tony. Bobby is black and Tony is white. Alice likes them very much. Alice is a middle school student. She has a good friend at school. Her name is Helen. They are cousins, too.
The question is: them"  _  ".
The possible answers are:
A:her dogs
B:her family
C:her friends
D:her brothersNow people in England, the US and many other countries celebrate Mother's Day. Mother's Day is on the second* Sunday of May*. On this day, children give flowers, cards, chocolate and other things to their mothers, but they don't give money to them. And they also make presents for their mothers. And some of them get up early to cook breakfast for their mothers. They also help their mothers do housework. They want to show their love to their mothers. They know if* they have no mothers; they can't live a happy life.
Many people in China celebrate this festival for their mothers because they want to show* their love to their mothers too. In every Chinese family, the mother looks after* the children, does the housework and cooks meals for the family, so she is quite _ and she is always busy in the family. Now more and more people celebrate Mother' Day in China.[:Zxxk.Com]
The question is: Why do many Chinese people celebrate this festival for mothers?
The possible answers are:
A:Because they know Mother's Day.
B:Because their mothers are very busy.
C:Because they have mothers.
D:Because they love their mothers very much.A woman was having some trouble  with her heart, so she went to see a doctor. He was a new doctor, and did not know her, so he first asked some questions about her, and one of them was, "How old are you?" "Well," she said, "I don't remember, doctor, but I will try to think." She thought for a moment and said, "Yes, I remember now, doctor! When I married , I was eighteen years old, and my husband  was thirty. Now my husband is sixty, I know, and that is twice thirty. So I am twice eighteen. I think I am thirty-six,is it right?"
The question is: How old is the woman, do you know?
The possible answers are:
A:She's eighteen.
B:She's thirty-six.
C:She's forty-eight.
D:She's twice thirty.The landmark  success of Tu Youyou, the first Chinese woman to win a Nobel prize in science, has aroused great national pride  and hopes on the future of traditional Chinese medicine (TCM). Tu, born in 1930, shared the 2015 Nobel Prize for Physiology  or Medicine with Irish-born William Campbell and Japan's Satoshi Omura for her discoveries against malaria .
She discovered Artemisinin   , a drug that has greatly reduced the death number for patients suffering from malaria. "Artemisinin is a gift for the world people from the traditional Chinese medicine. It is of great importance for curing malaria and other diseases and for protecting the health of the world people," Tu said in Beijing. " The discovery of Artemisinin is a successful example of collective research on traditional Chinese medicine. The prize winning is an honor for China's science cause  and traditional Chinese medicine."
"Tu's winning the Nobel Prize shows China's great progress in science and technology. It also shows China's growing strength and rising international standing," Premier Li Keqiang said in a letter Monday evening.
The question is: How old was Tu Youyou when she won the Nobel Prize?
The possible answers are:
A:81.
B:85.
C:45.
D:25.Ladies and Gentlemen, thank you. Well, ni-hao. (Laughter) It is such a pleasure and an honor to be here with all of you at this great university, so thank you so much for having me. I'm here today because I know that our future depends on connections like these among young people like you across the world.
That's why when my husband and I travel abroad, we don't just visit palaces and parliaments  and meet with heads of countries. We also come to schools like this one to meet with students like you, because we believe that relationships between countries aren't just about relationships between governments or leaders -- they're about relationships between people, particularly young people. So we view study abroad programs not just as an educational chance for students, but also as an active part of America's foreign policy .
Through the wonders of modern technology, our world is more connected than ever before. Ideas can cross oceans with the click of a mouse. Companies can do business and _ with companies across the world. And we can text, email, Skype with people in the world.
So studying abroad isn't just a fun way to spend a time of learning; it is quickly becoming the key to success in our times. Because getting ahead in today's workplaces isn't just about getting good grades or test scores in school, which are important. It's also about having real experience with the world beyond your borders -- experience with languages, cultures and societies very different from your own. Or, as the Chinese saying goes: "It is better to travel ten thousand miles than to read ten thousand books."
The question is: Where did the speaker probably give the talk to the audience?
The possible answers are:
A:In a university.
B:In the Parliament Hall.
C:On the Internet.
D:In a tourist attraction.Chinese government has decided to give up the rules of food with no checking .According to the Xinhua News, from September 17th , 2008, Chinese government decided to give up the rules of food with no checking. Many people said yes to it. The officer said that these days, the food safety accident about children milk of Sanlu made the government decide to give it up. In order to keep the food safe and people healthy, Chinese government said that all the food must be checked. The rule of food with no checking made in 1999 was given up from that day.
"I think if the companies get the food with no checking, they will never check their food. It gives them the chance of making the food of poor quality," an old man said in the shop. " I hope our government not only gives it up, but also makes some strong rules to manage the companies," a young woman told us. " The important point is our government should send officers to the companies and check their food every time," a shop owner said. A young expert of food safety said, " The department of government should take the food from the shop or supermarket and check, not ask them to send. In that way, we can get the real checking."
But in order to keep people's health, the government asks the officers to check all the food before they are sent to the shop or supermarket. That means all the food must be checked before they are sold.
The question is: Chinese government decided to give up   _   from September 17, 2008.
The possible answers are:
A:food check rules
B:the rules of food with checking
C:the rules of food with no checking
D:checking all the food before they are soldBetty and I are best friends. Our birthdays are on the same day, so every year we have a birthday party together. But this year we had a costume party instead.
While we were writing the invitations, my mom came in and asked, "Nancy, what about inviting John?" John had been in our class for only a few months, but he was already getting better grades in math than anyone else in our class. "Mom, he wears the same pants to school every day. How could he even afford a costume?" Mom said nothing.
The next day, mom gave me an envelope  with a shopping card in it. "I thought it would be nice for you to give this to John." Mom said. But how? We didn't want to make John embarrassed. We discussed it for a long time. Finally, Betty and I had a good idea.
On the day of our party, John arrived, in an old sheet ,but still in the same brown pants as usual. Before eating the birthday cake, Betty said in a loud voice, "Now it's time for the great prize game." It was a math game. None of us were surprised when John gave the right answer first and walked off with the envelope.
Everything went well as we planned. John wore a new pair of pants and a new shirt the next week. He felt happy. So did we.
The question is: _   had the idea of playing a math game.
The possible answers are:
A:Nancy's mother
B:Nancy
C:Betty
D:Betty and NancyMr. Carrey worked at a big company. He went to work by bus. One day when he was standing at the bus-stop, he watched cars go by. Many of the cars were new Sherry 700s, and most of them were yellow.
Mr. Carrey was a person who did not like to be different from other men. He always wore the same clothes as other men, ate the same food as other people, and did the same things after work as they did.
Two months later, Mr. Carrey bought a new yellow Sherry 700. He was very pleased with it, and drove to work in it the next morning. When he saw all the other Sherry 700s, in front, behind and on both sides of him, he was even more pleased with his car.
Mr. Carrey parked his car in a big car-park near the office building, and walked to his office. But when he came back at five o'clock, there were so many yellow Sherry 700s in the car-park that Mr. Carrey did not know which car was his. He tried his key in some of the cars, but people passing by gave him a look which he did not like. So he stopped.
Mr. Carrey could do nothing but wait nearly forty minutes until his car was the only yellow Sherry 700 left in the car-park.
The question is: Mr. Carrey had to wait until   _   in the car-park.
The possible answers are:
A:there was only one car left
B:there was no one about to look at him
C:there was only one yellow Sherry 700 left
D:there were no yellow Sherry 700s leftAllan is eight this year and he's in Grade Two. The boy is clever and can answer all the questions in class. But he hates to stay in the classroom for more than half an hour. He would not listen to the teachers when class is soon going to be over. Or he touches his deskmate's head, or he makes faces. He often makes the whole Class laugh. His teachers tell his parents about it. He has to make a promise that he won't do that again. But soon he will forget it.
The teachers think he does well in his lessons and don't mind it.
One Saturday evening Allan finished his homework as soon as he had supper. He turned on the television, but there was no football match on TV.
He found all the programmes were not interesting and turned it off. He saw his sister Mabel doing her homework in her bedroom. He decided to play a joke on her. He found an earthworm   in the garden and put it in her clothes. The girl was so frightened that she cried out for help. Their mother heard this and went in to find out what had happened there. Of course, the boy was punished for it.
The next morning Mabel gave her mother a card and said, "Merry Mother's Day. Mum!" The woman was happy and thanked her daughter. But Allan had nothing to give his mother as a present. He felt sorry and said, "Don't be angry with me Mummy. I've forgotten it. "
"It doesn't matter, dear," said his mother. "The best present is to be a good boy. Don't be naughty , my son, or your child will be naughty, too! "
Hearing this, the boy began to laugh and said. "You've told me the truth today, Mummy!"
The question is: Allan wouldn't listen to the teachers   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:when he can't understand them
B:when the class is going to be over
C:when he can't answer the questions
D:after he finishes the exercisesBaseball is one of the favorite sports in the USA. Children play baseball in sports fields or parks.
At summer picnic, there is often an informal baseball game. Boys and girls, young and old take turns to bat. There are nine players on each team.
The baseball season goes from April to September. During this time, baseball matches are showed on TV and members of the important baseball teams become America's heroes  . At the end of the season, the two top teams play against each other. Many baseball fans go together to watch the game. Millions of others listen to the radio or watch the television. People seem to talk only about the game. Even long after it is over, they still talk about the result and the players.
American football is perhaps the most popular sport in the USA. The football season begins when the baseball season ends. More people are interested in football than baseball. When there is an important game, thousands of people sit beside radios or in front of television sets to get the result.
,.
The question is: According to the passage, which is NOT true?
The possible answers are:
A:Boys and girls like baseball games.
B:Baseball is played in the open air.
C:A baseball match has nine players.
D:Children sometimes play baseball in parks.TOKYO, JAPAN--What do you do when you see a cockroach  ? Do you hit it with a newspaper? Do you step on it?
When researchers at Tokyo University see a cockroach, they take the remote control and make the cockroach turn around, run left or right, or go forward. These scientists are changing the cockroaches into robots. Each cockroach has a very small pack that has in it a microprocessor .Then researchers can send signals from the remote control to the pack. The signals control the movements of the cockroaches.
Why does anyone want to control a cockroach? "Insects can do many things that people can't," says Isao Shimoyama, head of robot research at Tokyo University. In a few years, he says, these robot insects will carry very small cameras. They will be able to move through earthquake rubble to look for people or move under doors to find information about someone.
This may seem strange, but the Japanese government thinks the research is very important. The government is giving the scientists $ 5 million for this research.
First, the researchers breed  hundreds of cockroaches. They use only the American cockroach because it is bigger and stronger than other cockroaches. Then they choose the best cockroaches and remove their wings and antennae . They put small packs where the antennae were. The packs weigh about three grams, or about two times the weight of the cockroaches themselves. "Cockroaches are very strong," says Ralph Holzer, who is a researcher at Tokyo University. "They can lift 20 times their own weight. "
With a remote control, the scientists send signals to the packs. When a cockroach gets the signal, it moves. The problem is that the cockroaches don't always move in the right direction.
The question is: What can cockroaches do to help people?
The possible answers are:
A:They can lift 20 times their own weight.
B:They can help people to carry very small cameras.
C:They can breed hundreds of cockroaches.
D:They can search for those people in rubble after an earthquake.There have never been many adventurers. You can read stories about men called adventurers. But they were really businessmen. There was something they wanted----- a lady, or money, or a country, or honor. And so they got it. But a true adventurer is different. He starts without any special purpose. He is ready for anything he may meet.
There have been many half-adventurers. And they were great men. History is rich with their stories. But each of them had a special purpose. They were not followers of true adventure.
In the big city of New York, Romance and Adventure are always waiting.
As we walk along the street, they are watching us. We look up suddenly and see a face in a window. The face seems to interest us strangely. Or in a quiet street, we hear a cry of fear and pain coming from a house where no one lives. A car takes us to a strange door, instead of to our own. The door opens and we are asked to enter. At every corner, eyes look toward us, or hands are raised, or fingers point. Adventure is offered.
But few of us are ready to accept. We are ready to do only the things we do every day. We wish to do only the things that everyone else does. We move on; and some day we come to the end of a long quiet life. Then we begin to think. Then, when it is too late, we are sorry that we have never known true Romance and Adventure.
The question is: According to the passage, a cry of fear and pain coming from a house where  no one lives in a quiet street means  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:a number
B:a fight
C:wealth
D:adventureOnce upon a time, a boy was walking through a wood and he thought he could hear a sad cry. Following the sound he came to a big, round, mysterious, grey fountain. The sad sound seemed to be coming from the fountain pool. The boy swept aside the pool's dirty surface water and saw a group of grey fish swimming in a slow circle through the pond.
Amused by this, the boy tried to catch one of these incredible talking fish. But when he stuck his arm into the water it turned grey right up to the elbow. As this happened, a huge sadness entered into him, and he suddenly understood how sad the fish were feeling.
He quickly pulled his arm out of the water, and ran from that place. But the arm stayed grey, and the boy continued feeling sad. He tried so many times to cheer himself up, but nothing worked. That was, until he realized that if he were to make the Earth happy then that happiness would be, in turn, transmitted back to him, through the earth on his arm. X|k | B|  1  .  c|O  |m
From then on, he set about looking after countryside. He cared for the plants, and he did what he could to keep the water from being polluted. He encouraged others to do the same. He was so successful that his arm started to _ its normal color. When the grey had disappeared completely, he started feeling happy again, and he decided to go and visit the fountain. When he was still some way from the fountain he could hear the fish singing happily.
The question is: What is the best title of the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:The Beautiful Countryside.
B:The Talking Fish.
C:The Sad Cry.
D:The Grey Fountain.A French woman goes to London to see her son. She knows a little English,but cannot speak it very well. One day she goes to a shop. She wants to buy a hen ( ) for supper. But she cannot remember ( ) the English word for" hen" . Just then the shop waiter asks her, "Can I help you?" " I want the egg's mother" the woman answers. The shop waiter does not understand( )her and says, " Sorry, we have not any bigger   eggs." Suddenly  )) the woman remembers the word"cock(She says, I want the cock's wife! "This time the shop waiter laughs (    ).
The question is: The shop waiter laughs because he    _
The possible answers are:
A:understands the woman at last
B:thinks it is interesting
C:does not understand the woman
D:thinks the woman is shyWhen disaster   happens, you might find yourself without water, gas and electricity. You might even need to leave your home right away. So you are supposed to plan for the bad situations before the disaster comes. Here are some suggestions:
First, have a family meeting. Plan a way to get your family members together if they can't find each other after the disaster. Choose two places for everyone to go to if it isn't safe to return home. The first should be near your house. You can go there in an emergency  like a fire. The second meeting place should be outside your neighborhood.
Next, choose a person outside your area who can help your family get in touch with each other. After a disaster, it is often easier to communicate over a long-distance call than a local one. The person can pass messages between your family members.
Then, get a family disaster _ ready. It should include things your family needs. It can help you survive   at least for three days like bread, water, medicine and things like that. Put them in a bag so you can carry it if you leave in a hurry. When doing it, remember that different people have different needs.  Include special things necessary for elderly or young members of your family.
Finally, practice your emergency plan, and update   it as necessary.
You may not be able to stop disasters, but with a little planning you can be helped.
The question is: When you have a family meeting, what should you choose?
The possible answers are:
A:A person outside your area.
B:Things your family needs.
C:Two places for everyone to go to.
D:A bag.John and Sam were friends. They opened a small shop in a small village. One day, they sold out of all their wine  , so they drove to the city to buy some.
On their way home, the wind was strong and it was getting colder and colder. Both John and Sam wanted to drink some wine to keep warm, but they had a rule. They couldn't drink any wine because they had to sell it. According to the rule, if some-body wanted to drink some wine, he had to pay the other twice the price.
John was a clever man. He took out ten cents and gave it to Sam. He said, "Here is ten cents. Would you please sell me some of your wine?" Sam was a businessman  , so he said, "You give me money, so of course I will sell some to you." Then he passed John a cup of wine.
After drinking the wine, John felt warm soon, but Sam was still cold. Then he took out the ten cents that John just gave to him and said to John, "Here is ten cents. Please sell me some of your wine." John agreed. Sam drank some wine and also felt much warmer. But after some time, they both felt cold again, so they kept buying wine from each other with the same ten cents. Soon they drank up all of the wine.
"How could so much wine only cost ten cents?" the two friends asked each other.
The question is: What did Sam and John do?
The possible answers are:
A:They were doctors.
B:They were officers.
C:They were shopkeepers.
D:They were policemen.Mum gives little Jerry twenty yuan. Then little Jerry goes shopping. He gets on a bus and sits down next to an old woman. Then he sees the old woman's bag is open. There is twenty yuan in it. He quickly looks into his pocket. The money isn't there now! Little Jerry is sure that the old woman is a thief . He wants to take back the money from the old woman's bag. He carefully puts his hands into the old woman's bag, takes the money and says nothing. Then, the old woman shouts, "Where is my money? I can't find it. There is a thief on the bus." Little Jerry feels strange . Then he sees twenty yuan under his seat. Little Jerry is thinking a question now, "Am I a thief?"
The question is: Little Jerry sees   _   in the woman's bag.
The possible answers are:
A:a wallet
B:a packet
C:twenty yuan
D:twenty dollarsMany people in the world have not seen snow. Some countries never have snow; some have only a little on top of the high mountains. In the north of England, there is quite a lot of snow every winter, but in the south of England, there is usually little.
When a student from a warm country comes to England in autumn for the first time, he feels cold at first. There are often clouds, grey sky and cold rain in England in autumn, and most students from warm countries do not like this.
But snow is different. It is beautiful. Perhaps, after several mornings, the student wakes up one day, and there is a lot of light in his room. He thinks, "Is it so late?" and jumps out of bed. But no, it is not very late. He looks out of the window and there is snow on the ground and on the houses and everywhere.
The question is: In the autumn of England, we can often see   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:cold rain
B:grey sky
C:dark clouds
D:all of the aboveIt was the last day of the final exam in a college. Outside the classroom, a group of students were waiting for the last exam. On their faces was confidence.
They knew the exam would be easy. The teacher said they could bring any books or notes during the test.
Right after they came into the classroom. The teacher handed out the papers. There were only five questions on it.
Three hours passed. Then the teacher began to collect the papers. The students no longer looked _ but they looked very nervous. The teacher watched these worried faces, and then asked. "How many of you finished all five questions?" No one answered. "How many of you answered four?" Still no one put up the hand. "Three? Two?" The students moved restlessly in their seats. "One, then? Certainly somebody finished one." But the class kept silent . The teacher said, "That is what I thought. I just want to make you know clearly that you finished four years of study, but there are still many things about the subject you don't know. These questions you could not answer are common  in everyday life." Then, he smiled and said "You will all pass this exam, but it doesn't mean that you learned the subject well. There are still more things for you to learn in your later life."
Now we can't remember the name of this teacher clearly, but we can't forget the lesson he taught us.
The question is: What can the students learn from the last exam?
The possible answers are:
A:He laughs best who laughs last.
B:A good beginning is half done.
C:One is never too old to learn.
D:The early bird catches the worm.Some people don't like the number 13. They don't think 13 is a _ or good number. For example , they don't like to live  on the 13th floor .
My friend Mary is one of them. She asks some friends to her home. All of her friends get to her home. They sit at the table. Then Mary counts, "One, two, three ...oh, my God! There are thirteen people here!" Everybody's face  turns white, but Mr. Brown doesn't. He says, "Don't worry , dear friends! We have fourteen people here. My wife will have a baby next week. _ is in the family way now. "
All of them become happy again. "Congratulations !" they say to Mr. and Mrs. Brown. They enjoy the nice food  and have a good time this evening.
The question is: What is NOT true ?
The possible answers are:
A:some people don't like to live on the 13th floor.
B:Mary and her friends don't like the number 13.
C:Mr. Brown's face turns white, too.
D:Mary and her friends became happy at last.I'm an English girl .My name is Kate. I'm twelve. I have two sisters. My sisters and I are all at school .We go to school from Monday to Friday. We don't have classes on Saturday and Sunday. My mother is a teacher and my father is a doctor.
I like reading. My favorite subject is English .My favorite teacher is Miss Smith. She teaches us English. My favorite sport is tennis. My favorite school day is Friday because we have two English classes on Friday.
The question is: _  Is a teacher.
The possible answers are:
A:Kate
B:Kate's father
C:Kate's mother
D:Kate's parentCycling isn't always easy. Busy streets and few bike lanes and parking areas can make it a battle. But not even these difficulties can stop Europeans' love for cycling. According to Reuters, more bicycles have been sold than cars in 26 of the European Union's 28 states this year.
In some European countries, people really love bicycles. "People ride to work and take their bikes to the grocery store", Bill Strickland, editor of Bicycling magazine, told the reporter from Reuters.
So what has led to cycling's growing popularity in Europe? Cycling is "a safe, clean, healthy, inexpensive way to get around town," the Daily Star concluded. "It not only reduces traffic problems and pollution, but also contributes to public health."
Bike-friendly rules have also been made. Dozens of cities have joined a European Union initiative to make bicycles a form of city transport, like cars. Quite a few cities such as Stockholm, London, Florence and Munich now offer special bike lanes. Copenhagen takes it a step further by keeping bicycles and cars separated as much as possible. On these _ , traffic lights are designed to the rhythms of bicycles, not cars. For people living far from city centers, getting to work by bicycle alone may take too much time. That's why many European countries now allow cyclists to bring their bicycles onto subway trains. Europeans are also creative in solving parking problems. Amsterdam has come up with a high-tech solution: you lock your bike to a rack , which then goes underground. When you want your bike back, it is brought back to the surface.
The question is: Why do people enjoy cycling in Europe?
The possible answers are:
A:Bicycles can be brought onto subway trains.
B:People can park their bicycles wherever you like.
C:Bicycles can be locked to a rack underground.
D:Cycling is a good way to get around town.Bob always took the newspaper to Grandpa White's home before going home. Grandpa White's was at the end of the road. Bob liked Grandpa White. He was often waiting for him near the front gate with sweets or a nice cake. Besides, He often asked Bob about things he was doing, what he was going to do for the summer and what he liked to do.
The thing that Bob didn't like about Grandpa was his never-ending stories about his boyhood in California. Bob was never asked to hear about Grandpa's boyhood, but he couldn't get away.
After Grandpa's wife died in October, Bob could see that Grandpa was lonelier than ever. He would often join Bob halfway along the road and walk along with him as he gave out the newspapers. Grandpa seemed to have all day, and Bob was often late giving newspapers to his customers . Bob didn't want to complain, but the customers were unhappy.
The question is: When he took the newspaper to Grandpa White, Bob would often receive   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:old newspaper
B:sweets or a cake
C:some money
D:storiesSoon computers and other machines will be able to remember you by looking at your eyes! The programme works because everyone's eyes are different. So in the future you won't have to remember a number when you want to use a machine or take money out of a bank. You'll just have to look at the machine and it will be able to tell who you are. The eye-recognition  programme is tested in shops and banks in the USA, Britain and Italy.
Scientists are working on other systems, such as knowing you from the shape of your face or hand or even your smell! And machines can already tell who you are from your voice or your fingerprint . But eye-recognition will replace other ways of finding out who you are. It is better, because your eyes don't change as you get older, or get dirty like hands or fingers. And even twins have different eyes, so the programme can be up to 94% correct, depending on how good the technology is. In Britain, it was found that 91% of people said that they liked the idea of eye-recognition.
,.
The question is: Where has the programme for remembering eyes been tested?
The possible answers are:
A:Banks and factories.
B:Banks and shops.
C:Schools and computers.
D:Schools and shops.Thirty years ago, Lake Ponkapog in Hartwell, New Jersey, was full of life. Many birds and animals lived beside the water, which was full of fish. Now there are few birds, animals, and fish. The lake water is polluted. It is in a colour of dirty brown, and it is filled with strange plants.
How did this happen? First, we must think about how water gets into Lake Ponkapog. When it rains, water comes into the lake from all around. In the past, there were forests all round Lake Ponkapog, so the rainwater was clean.
Now there are many homes around the lake. People often use the chemicals  in their gardens. They use other chemicals inside their houses for cleaning and killing insects. There are also many businesses. Businesses use chemicals in their machines of shops. Other chemicals fall onto the ground from cars or trucks. When it rains, the rainwater picks up all the chemicals from home and businesses and then carries them into the lake . They pollute the water and kill the animals.
Boats on the lake are also a problem. Lake Ponkapog is a popular place for motorboats . But oil and gas from boats often get into the lake. So more bad chemicals go into the water this way.
People in Hartwell are worried . They love their lake and want to save it. Will it be possible? A clean lake must have clean rainwater going into it. Clean rainwater is possible only if people are more careful about chemicals at home and at other chemicals on the ground. And they mustn't use motorboats any more on the lake. All these may change people's lives. Only then can Lake Ponkapog be a beautiful, clean lake again.
The question is: In the past, the water in Lake Ponkapog was made clean by   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:forests
B:rain
C:birds
D:fishMy sister Alli and I have been trying to get people to stop dropping cigarette butts  for seven years. One day, we were walking in our hometown and saw hundreds of cigarette butts on the ground. They made the town look so ugly that we decided to start a group to make people stop dropping butts. We called it "No Butts About It". At first, we drew pictures with "The Earth is Not Your Ashtray " written on them. We put the pictures around our hometown---in parks, by beaches, and along roads. We wanted to make people understand that dropping butts hurts the environment. Most smokers don't think that dropping butts hurts the earth. But it does! All rubbish does. Later, we wrote to companies and asked them for money to help us. We used the money to buy ashtrays to give smokers. We wanted smokers to carry the ashtrays with them so they didn't have to drop butts. At the moment, we are trying to get cigarette companies to put an ashtray in each pack of cigarettes. Some companies want to do it.
Many people have started to join our group since it began. Today there are 45 other "No Butts About It" groups in America. And there are even groups in England, Australia and India! Many newspapers have written about my sister and I over the last seven years. And we have won many prizes for our good work.
But we are not interested in prizes. We just want to make the earth a better and cleaner place for animals, plants and people. One day it will be.
The question is: "No Butts About It" started  _
The possible answers are:
A:seventeen years ago.
B:seven years ago.
C:seventy years ago
D:It's not mentioned.The human body is a living machine, and, like all machines, it needs "fuel" to supply it with energy. This is provided by the food we eat. But how much do we need to stay healthy?
The energy value of food is usually measured in calories . A calorie is the amount of heat required to raise the temperature of 1 kg of water by 1degC. The number of calories people need per day is different, as the picture shows. Also, the number of calories you use at any one moment normally depends on the activity you are in. For example, you need more calories for standing than for sitting, more for running than for walking, and so on.
The energy in food is in the form of three kinds of chemical materials--carbohydrate , protein  and fat. Carbohydrate provides 3.8 Cal /gm of the energy, protein 4.0 Cal/gm, and fat 8.8 Cal/gm. Each food contains different amounts of these materials, as the round pictures show.
(P= protein      C= carbohydrate    F=fat)
The question is: Which of following is True?
The possible answers are:
A:You need more calories for swimming than for mountain climbing.
B:A child aged 8 needs the same amount of calories every day as a man over 70 does.
C:A woman feeding baby needs over 4 times the amount of calories that a baby does.
D:Everyone needs the same amount of calories per day.Mary is from the USA. She has two brothers. Now her family are in China. Her father, Mr Peterson, teaches English in Xihu Middle School. Her mother works in the same school. She teaches English, too. Mary goes to school in her father's car with her mother every day.
Mary is a nice girl student. She can speak a little Chinese. She is very lovely, so she has many Chinese friends. She teaches them English, and they teach her Chinese. Her two brothers are twins. One is Bob, and the other is Bill. They look the same. They are only five. So their grandparents look after them at home. Mrs Peterson has many toys for the twin brothers. Bob likes to play with toy cars, but Bill likes to play with teddy bears. They are happy every day.
The question is: Mr Peterson is a    _  .
The possible answers are:
A:teacher
B:worker
C:officer
D:doctorThe survey was done among 29,760 students at 100 US high schools. The results suggest that in the past year, 30 percent of US high school students have stolen from a store. And 64 percent may have cheated on a test.
However, 93 percent of the students said they were satisfied   with their honesty. And 77 percent said,"when it comes to doing what is right, I am better than most people I know."
Some teachers were unhappy about the survey results. Some, however, defended (......) today's students.
"The competition is greater and the pressures   on kids have increased greatly,"said Mel Riddle, who was a high school teacher and headmaster for 40 years."It is the pressures that make it easy for students to be dishonest."
"I think these students are better than other generations,"he said."I find them more active, better to work with and more thankful for support."" We have to create situations where it's easy for kids to do the right things, "he added."We need to create classrooms where learning is more important than having the right answer."
The question is: What's Mel Riddle's opinion about the idea that students are dishonest?
The possible answers are:
A:He gets really angry about it
B:He thinks parents must do something to stop it
C:He thinks the students should change their behavior
D:He thinks there are some reasons for being dishonestBob Smith is old. He has two big houses and a new car. He has no wife, but he is a father of four children. He has two sons and two daughters. One son is from   Canada. His name is Jack. The other   is from England. His name is Mike. One of his daughters is from China. Her name is Meimei. She is eleven years old. The other is from America. Her name is Lucy. She's eleven, too.
Bob Smith is not the children's real father, but he loves them very much. The children love their "father", too. Bob Smith has many toys   for the children. He gives different   toys to different children. The boys play with toy cars. The girls play with doll   and toy animals. Bob Smith is their good friend.
The question is: Bob Smith has  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:a nice wife
B:four sons
C:four cars
D:two big housesThere are many kinds of ants in America.One kind of ants is very strong.People are afraid of them and the other animals are afraid of them,too.
These ants are often in big groups .They eat all the animals on their way.They can kill and eat elephants.And they can eat horses,too.Sometimes they can even kill people and eat them.When the ants come near,people leave their homes.But people are sometimes happy after the ants pass by.Because they can see no insects  or snakes.
The question is: People and animals are afraid of   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:a kind of ants
B:all kinds of ants
C:small ants
D:big antsToday, people want to be healthy by doing sports and exercise. But some of them have some wrong ideas about it.
"A plate of chicken is a good meal before games because it has much energy ."
In fact , the best meal before games should have carbohydrates  . Food like potatoes, bread, bananas are rich in it, but chicken and meat are not.
"The best time to exercise is early in the morning."
Morning is a good time to exercise, but it may not be good for you. If afternoon or evening is OK for you, and you enjoy the feeling of getting healthier, you can choose  any time to exercise. So there is no _ time for you to exercise.
"If you drink water when you exercise, you'll feel tired."
You must have some water during breaks   when you exercise. And after exercising, you must have enough water. If you don't drink enough water, then you may feel tired.
" Exercising every day is quite important."
Wrong. Too much exercise is bad for our health. You have to give your body a day of rest.
The question is: Which of the following will be the best title  ?
The possible answers are:
A:Results   of sports and exercise.
B:Best time for sports and exercise.
C:Reasons for sports and exercise.
D:Wrong ideas about sports and exercise.This is a photo of Mr. White's family. The man with glasses   is Mr. White. The woman is Mr. White's wife. They have a son and a daughter. The son is behind (......) Mr. White. His name is Tom. He's 13. Kate is Tom's sister. She is 11. Tom and Kate are in the same school, but they are in different   grades. Tom is in Grade Three and Kate's in Grade One. They are good students.
,.(2)
The question is: The woman is  _  mother.
The possible answers are:
A:Kate's
B:Kate's and Tom's
C:Tom's
D:Kate and Tom'sWeekends are important for us. We can relax ourselves. Do you know what Americans in the early twentieth century (1900~1925) did on weekends? What do you do on weekends now? In the early twentieth century, people spent lots of time at home on weekends. Then, new inventions changed the weekends.
*People used electric streetcars to travel in the cities. On weekends, they rode the streetcars to the parks. Young people like roller coasters.
* The first movie _ only one minute. In the 1920s, movie theaters sold millions of tickets each week! In 1927, movies finally had sound. Sometimes people stayed at home and listened to another new invention --the radio.
* People in cities worked indoors during the weekdays, so they wanted to be outdoors on weekends. Bicycling became a popular activity.
* Now there are more inventions in our life. People have more time and money, too. So they have many ways to spend their weekends.
* People travel by their own cars. Or they can visit big parks like Disney World and ride modern roller coasters and go higher and faster than ever before. *
They can choose from lots of different movie theatres. Or they can watch videos at home.
* More and more people begin to do all kinds of sports at gym.
Others turn on their TV and watch sports on "Family Night".
The question is: Before 1927,   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:people can watch videos at home
B:the movie had sound
C:People could go to the movie theatres to see movies
D:people could watch sports on "Family Night"When I was five years old. I took a boat out on the river and went fishing by myself. I really wanted to catch a fish! But they were not biting.
I stayed in my boat for three days, waiting. A few times, I thought I felt a fish at the end of the line. The first time I pulled in my catch, it was not a fish; it was an old bag. The second time, it was a shoe. Finally, at the end of the third day, I felt a strong pull at the end of the line. The pull was so strong they my boat raced around and around. I needed all my power just to hold onto the fishing rod. I pulled, and I pulled and I caught the biggest fish that ever swam on the Earth! It was heavier than everyone in this room put together! Then something terrible happened!
After I pulled the huge fish into my boat, I saw that the boat was going under water! Water was coming into the boat from all sides! I was not a very good swimmer, so I was scared.
Although it was the hardest choice I ever made. I had to let the fish go. I pushed it back over the side of the boat, and we waved good-bye to each other as it swam away.
The question is: What did the writer get when he pulled in his catch the second time?
The possible answers are:
A:A shoe
B:An old bag
C:A fish
D:A small boatPeople in the UK spend their free time in different ways. They usually use it to relax. They spend a lot of their free time at home. The most popular activity is watching TV. People in the UK watch TV for about 25 hours a week. They often record   programs so they can watch them later. Reading is also a popular way of spending free time. People in the UK spend a lot of time reading newspapers and magazines. Many people in the UK have pets. They like playing with their pets in their free time.
In summer, gardening   is popular. And families often have a "day out" on the weekend. They often go to a festival or see a show. Young people like to go to clubs, and people of all ages like to go to the cinema.
In winter, "do-it-yourself" is popular. People often spend their free time repairing   houses.
Some free time activities are with friends. Asking friends for a drink or a meal at home is the most usual one. Sometimes people and their friends have dinner in a restaurant.
On the weekend, people in the UK like to spend their free time doing sports. The popular kinds of sports are soccer, horse racing, swimming, tennis, skating, climbing and hill walking.
.
The question is: Which of the following is TRUE according to the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:People in the UK often record TV programs.
B:People in the UK like to do sports in the morning.
C:People of all ages in the UK like to go to clubs in summer.
D:People in the UK often have a "day out" with their friends.Lion was the King of the Jungle . One day, Giraffe told Lion, "Rabbit says he is the new King of the Jungle."
"What?" Lion was very angry. He went to meet Rabbit.
The other animals followed him to see what he would do.
"Rabbit," said Lion, "Why do you say that you are the new King of the Jungle?"
"Oh, but it's true," said Rabbit. "I'm faster and cleverer than you. We can have a competition ."
"All right," said Lion.
Rabbit took Lion to a deep ravine  . He said, "If I fly down to the ravine faster than you, I am faster and cleverer than you. So I go, or you will go first?"
"Of course I will go first," said Lion, "I am the King of the Jungle!" He then threw himself into the deep ravine.
Rabbit smiled and said to the other animals. "I am your new king now. I am faster and cleverer than Lion."
The other animals didn't understand.
"Lion was stupid! Anyone will die after jumping into the ravine!"
The question is: What can't we know from the story?
The possible answers are:
A:Lion was stupid.
B:Rabbit was clever.
C:Rabbit became the King.
D:Lion was friendly to other animals.Dear Sammy,
I'm sorry I can't go to the Sports Center with you today.I have to see a doctor. Here are the directions   to the Sports Center.
From our house, go right ahead on Main Avenue. Walk past the police station and the City Fountain. Then cross the bridge. At the other side of the river, turn right. The Sports Center is on your left. You can't miss it. The basketball game starts at 1:00 p.m. so don't be late. By the way, let's have some ice-cream after you finish playing. We can meet at Choco's Ice-Cream Shop. It's right around the corner from the Sports Center. Your game should be over at 3:00 p.m. so I'll meet you there 10 minutes later.
Have fun!
Mom
The question is: Sammy won't pass   _   if he goes to the Sports Center.
The possible answers are:
A:a gas station
B:the City Fountain
C:a bridge
D:the police stationIn Japan, Luffy is more popular than Harry Potter.Luffy is the main _ of One Piece .The book came out in 1997.
One Piece tells the adventures of Monkey D.Luffy, a 17-year-old boy.He gets supernatural abilities by eating fruit.Luffy's dream is to find the world's biggest treasure, One Piece.Then he wants to become the next Pirate  King.
To make his dream come true, Luffy has to reach the end of the most dangerous ocean: the Grand Line.Luffy travels with a group of pirates called the Straw Hats.On his way, more people join the group.It even includes a cook, a soldier and a musician.They also help Luffy fight with other pirates on the way.
Many Chinese teenagers are One Piece fans.Yang Peiqi, 14, of Shenzhen, says he thinks reading One Piece is great fun and also he likes the themes of the story-dreams and friends.
The question is: What are the themes of One Piece?
The possible answers are:
A:Treasure and money.
B:Study and hard work.
C:Dreams and friends.
D:Pirates and wars.One day, I heard an American boy said to a Chinese girl student, "You speak very good English. " But the girl answered, " No, no. My English is very poor. " The foreigner was quite surprised at the answer. Thinking he had not made himself understood or the girl had not heard him clearly, he said, " Yes, indeed, you speak very well. " But the girl still kept saying, "No. " In the end, the American boy could not understand and didn't know what to say.
What's wrong with the girl's answer? She didn't accept a compliment  in the same way as the American people do. She should answer, "Thank you" instead of "No". She really understood what the American boy had said, but she thought she should be modest. In the west, people will feel proud and confident when they are praised. So if someone says the dishes you have cooked are very delicious, you should say, "Thank you."
In our country, we think being modest is a virtue and being proud is a bad thing, but in my opinion, being confident does not mean being proud, so sometimes you should be confident instead of being modest.
If you are modest and say, "No, I'm afraid I can't do it well", while working in a western country, the others may think that you really cannot do it. If you often say, "No", you will certainly be _ by others. When asking for a job, if one says something like''Yes,I can certainly do it"instead of "let me have a try",he or she will expect to get it. So in the west, you should be brave to show your self-confidence.
The question is: If you say,"I can do it well."when asking for a job in the west,the others may think that   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:You can do it well.
B:You can't do it well.
C:You like doing it.
D:You don't like doing it.My summer hols wr CWOT. B4, WE USED 2go 2 NY 2C my bro, his GF & thr 3 :-@ KIDS FTF. ILNY, its gr8.
Can you understand this sentence? If you can't, don't feel too bad: neither could the middle school teacher in England who received this as homework. This is Netspeak: the language of computerized communication found on Internet or cellphones. To newcomers, it can look like a completely foreign language. So, what is the "translation" of the sentence above? My summer holidays were a complete waste of time. Before, we used to go to New York to see my brother, his girlfriend, and their three screaming kids face to face. I love New York; it's great.
School teachers and parents say this new form of writing is harming  the English language. Increasing spelling and grammatical mistakes can be seen in students' writing. They fear the language could become corrupted .
Everyone should just relax, say linguists . They believe Netspeak is in fact more of a good thing. David Crystal, from the University of Wales, argues that Netspeak and Internet create a new language use and the almost lost art of diary writing has been picked up again. Geoffrey Nunberg, from Stanford University, agrees. "People get better at writing by writing," he says. "Kids who are now doing text messaging, e-mail, and instant messages will write at least as well as, and possibly better than, their parents."
Linguist James Milroy says, for centuries, it is believed without exception that young people are harming the language. And you can _ that when today's teenagers become tomorrow's parents, they too will think this way. Milroy argues that languages do not and cannot become "corrupted"; they simply change to meet the new needs.
However, Netspeakers do agree that it is important to teach young people how to speak and write Standard English. Cynthia McVey says, "I can understand Netspeak worries teachers and it's important that they get across to their pupils that text messaging is for fun, but that learning to write proper English is a must for their future."
Perhaps, we should give teenagers a little more trust anyway. Erin, age 12, says, "I wouldn't use text language in my homework. Text is just for fun."
The question is: The expression "bet your bottom dollar" in paragrap5 means  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:be fairly sure
B:be greatly surprised
C:think it a pity
D:find it interestingWhen an ice cream sundae  cost much less, a boy entered a coffee shop and sat at a table. A waitress put a glass of water in front of him.
"How much is an ice cream sundae?"
"Fifty cents," said the waitress.
The little boy pulled his hand out of his pocket and studied a number of coins in it. "How much is a dish of plain ice cream?" he asked.
Some people were waiting for a table, and the waitress was not patient. "Thirty-five cents," she said angrily.
The little boy again counted the coins. "I will have the plain ice cream," he said. The waitress brought the ice cream and walked away. The boy finished, paid the money, and left.
When the waitress came back, she was surprised at what she saw. There were fifteen cents placed beside the empty dish. That was her tip.
The question is: The waitress was   _   when the boy studied his coins.
The possible answers are:
A:surprised
B:not worried
C:excited
D:not patientDear Nancy,
My name is Xiao Ming. I want to be in a club in our school. I'm not famous now. But maybe I can be famous someday! I can't sing or dance or act in movies, but I can do many other things. I can play three instruments: the guitar, the violin and the drums. I think I can be in the music club. Maybe I can be a famous musician. I like to read story books and I can write stories. Maybe I can be a famous writer. I like sports, too, but I don't think I can be a famous and successful sports man. Can I join you?
Love
Xiao Ming
The question is: Xiao Ming thinks he can be a famous  _   or a famous writer.
The possible answers are:
A:musician
B:actor
C:sportsman
D:WriterI grew up in one of the poorest areas in Bradford. I live in a three-bedroom house with six brothers and sisters. I studied very hard . I got the best results in the history of the school. Other students would be happy with receiving such results. Their parents would give them an MP5 player as a prize or take them for a trip. What about me? In fact it made me sad. It was because my application to Imperial College London didn't pass. It is my dream to study medicine there.
I know that nothing in life is easy. I won't give up. I will apply again the following year. While some students are traveling during the holiday, I am working hard.  I help the doctors look after sick people in a hospital . I believe I must become a doctor one day.
The question is: What does the writer want to study? .
The possible answers are:
A:History.
B:Medicine.
C:English.
D:Chemistry.After the Spring Festival, I found some of my mom's daily habits have changed.
Her cooking way was different. Vegetables that had been cooked crisply became very tender and soft. Fish that had been fried became soup. Her old shredded   potato turned into diced potato... Feeling strange, dad and I asked Mom the reason for the change. But all she said was, "Just trying a different taste". Then she was silent.
But it wasn't just her cooking way. Mom also change other habits. After dinner, instead of watching films on TV as usual, she would put on her newly-bought sports clothes and asked Dad to go out for a walk. After they came back home, mom would lose herself in magazines or newspapers about healthcare. Mom almost never gets sick. Why was she suddenly interested in medicine?
I couldn't understand her "abnormal" behavior. Then one day I came across her micro blog . "While visiting my parents during the Spring Festival, I suddenly realized that they are in their 70s now," my mom had written. "They move slowly and it is hard for them to do the housework. I should visit them more often...
"Some cooking should be changed to keep them healthy. They like fish soup, diced potato, tender and soft vegetables...
"I must also keep fit by doing physical exercise. If my parents are too weak to move around, I can be strong enough to take care of them. When I am old, my son can also pay less attention to taking care of me..."
When I read this, I felt very sorry. I used to complain that Mom didn't understand me and couldn't give me everything I wanted. I always thought there was a wide gap  between us. But now I completely understand her. How great she is! She always thinks of others before herself. Everything she does is to help the people she loves live better lives. How unselfish her love is!
The question is: Which one of the following is one of mother's "abnormal" behavior?
The possible answers are:
A:Watching films on TV after dinner.
B:Being interested in sports clothes.
C:Reading more bout healthcare.
D:Not taking medicine when got sick.Some people have a kind of magic. They will make you comfortable while they are around. You feel at ease while talking to them. How is it done? Here are several skills that good talkers have. If you follow the skills, they'll help people feel relaxed and make friends with them quickly.
First of all, good talkers ask questions. Almost anyone, no matter how shy he is, will answer a question. One well-known businesswoman says, "At business lunches, I always ask people what they did that morning. It's a common question, but it will get things going." From there you can move on to other matters--sometimes to really personal questions. And how he answers will let you know how far you can go.
Second, once good talkers have asked questions, they listen to the answers. This point seems clear, but it isn't. Your questions should have a point and help to tell what kind of person you are talking to. And to find out, you really have to listen carefully and attentively. Real listening at least means some things. First it means not to change the topic of conversation. If someone insists on one topic, it means he's really interested in it. Real listening also means not just listening to words, but to the voice. If the voice sounds bored, then, it's time for you to change the topic.
Finally, good talkers know well how to deal with the moment of saying good-bye. If you're saying it, you may give him a handshake and say, "I've really enjoyed meeting you." If you want to see that person again, don't keep it a secret. Let people know your thoughts.
The question is: Generally speaking, good talkers are persons who    _   .
The possible answers are:
A:are not good at making any topic interesting
B:never talk too much or too little
C:always speak in a gentle way
D:know when they should change the topic of the talkAncient Egypt was one of the greatest civilizations  in the history of the world. It lasted for over 3000 years from 3150 BC to 30 BC.
Looking nice and being clean was very important to the Egyptians. Most men and women wore jewelry  of some type. The rich wore jewelry made of gold and silver, while the poorer people used copper. Because it was so hot, most people wore white clothes. Men wore kilts  and women wore a straight dress.
Ancient Egypt was a complex society needing people to do many different tasks and jobs. Most of the people were farmers. They grew their crops near the banks of the Nile River where the rich black soil was good for crops. There were different kinds of craftsmen jobs. How skilled a craftsman was would determine his success. Most of the soldiers were footmen. In peacetime, soldiers would help with government projects such as moving stones for a pyramid . Scribes were important people in Ancient Egypt as they were the only people who know how to read and write. Scribes came from wealthy families and took years of training to learn the Egyptian hieroglyphics .
The question is: In ancient Egypt, most people wore white clothes because   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:the white clothes looked clean
B:they were ordered to wear like that
C:they were too poor to buy colorful clothes
D:the weather was very hot thenLook at this photo of my family. There are six people in my family. This woman is my mother. She is nice and looks so young.She is a policewoman . She works in a police station . She is a hero  in my heart . That man in the black coat is my father. He is a scientist . He works in an institute . He is very busy. Look at this lovely  boy. It is my little brother. My grandma looks after him. She is a nurse. My grandpa is that man in the brown coat. My father looks like him. He is a teacher. Can you see me? I'm behind my brother. I have a happy family.
The question is: _  is a hero in my heart.
The possible answers are:
A:My father
B:My mother
C:My grandpa
D:My grandmaMr. Jackson is a teacher of science in a middle school. His students like his classes because his classes are very interesting. They can learn a lot in his class. The students can make many things. His little son Val also likes making things. He makes lots of machines , such as a machine like a man. It can do the job that is dangerous for people to do. He says, "I want to be a scientist."
,.
The question is: Why do the students like his classes?
The possible answers are:
A:Because he is kind to his students.
B:Because he teaches them carefully.
C:Because his classes are very interesting.
D:Because students like him.What do you call a school with no tests, no grades, no classes, and no teachers? Students of the Met School and their parents think it to be the best school in the world.
The school is in Rhode Island, USA. Dennis Littky opened it in 1996. He was fired  from two other schools, because many parents of the school students were happy with his unusual ideas. The school takes poor kids who are failing  at schools. Nearly  everybody has already given up  these students and their parents want to try anything. The Met School gives Littky a great place to try out his new ideas.
"The word that most kids use when they talk about high school is 'boring'," says Littky. "But no one would say the Met was boring." Advisors  (not teachers) work with small groups of students for four years. Students spend almost half of their school time learning real-life skills , such as working for business , spending time with government  people, and helping teach younger children. Instead of  tests, the students give shows about their work outside school.
In fact, students work harder here than in other schools. All the students from the Met graduate and can choose to go to a good university  . Now, Bill Gates is starting schools like this one around the USA.
The question is: What do most high school students think of normal  school?
The possible answers are:
A:Interesting.
B:Relax.
C:Boring.
D:ExcitingVisiting the forest zoo
Come and see the Indian elephants and the new tigers from Northeast of China. The beautiful birds from England are ready to sing songs for you, and the monkeys from Mount Emei will be happy to talk to you. The lovely dogs from Australia want to laugh at you. Sichuan pandas will play balls for you. The giraffes from Africa   are waiting to look down on you.
Tickets                          Opening time
Grown-ups   : 3 yuan        9:00 a.m.--4:00 p.m. (Monday--Saturday)
Children over 1.4 m : 2 yuan           except   Friday (closed)
Children under 1.4 m : Free           10:00 a.m. --3: 00 p.m. (Sunday)
Keep the zoo clean!
Do not touch , give food or go near to the animals.
The question is: What should we do in the zoo?
The possible answers are:
A:To spit everywhere.
B:To throw things everywhere.
C:To keep the zoo clean.
D:To keep the zoo full.Are You Right Handed or Left Handed?
Which hand do you use when write? About 8 to 15 percent of people are left handed. They often have to use tools that are designed for right-handed people. So it is difficult for left-handers to use most tools. If you are right handed, try this experiment: Take a knife with your left hand and try cutting a potato into pieces. Don't be surprised if you feel awkward .
In the past, people thought it was strange to use the left hand. Young students looked down upon their left-handed classmates. Some children were even punished for using their left hand to write. But these days parents and teachers have accepted that. In almost every school in the world, left-handed students can use their left hand to write.
What causes people to be left handed or right handed? Experts have searched long and hard on this. They conclude  that left-handed people are left handed for the same reason that right-handed people are right handed. One out of every ten people just is a left-handed people are right handed. One out of every ten people just is a left-hander. It's simply like the color of our eyes - some people have brown eyes, while some others have black eyes.
However, may researchers think that left-handers and right-handers are different in some aspects. Right-handers are more talkative and outgoing than left-handers. Many right-handed people understand spoken words better. For example, after they listen to directions to a supermarket, they can find it easily. Right-handers are good at organizing people, too. They are also better basketball guards. Just ask Yao Ming.
Research shows that left-handers are creative and artistic. Many famous performers, like Jim Carrey and Paul McCartney, are left handed. Many left-handers learn better visually . In art, both Leonardo da Vinci and Michelangelo were left handed. In music, Ludwig van Beethoven was left handed. In science, you find Newton and Einstein. The left-handed people are also really good at tennis and other single sports.
If you prefer one hand, but you are still good at writing with the other, you are mixed. Research shows mixed-handers can remember everyday things better than other people. What did you eat for lunch two weeks ago? If you're mixed handed, you can probably remember.
The question is: If right-handers cut up potatoes with there left hand, they will  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:get hurt
B:give up cutting
C:feel awkward
D:change their toolsAmong the Seven Wonders of the Ancient World, the oldest one is the Great Pyramid of Giza. There are three large pyramids at Giza, outside the modern capital of Egypt, Cairo. The largest and most famous one is called the Great Pyramid. The workers built it as a tomb   for the Pharaoh Khufu  .
It took more than twenty years to build the Great Pyramid. When it was built, the pyramid was about 146.5 metres high. Over the years it has lost about eight metres off its top.
The pyramid is made of large stone blocks   -- 2,300,000 of them! Each of these blocks weighs over 2,000 kilograms. The ancient Egyptians did not have any modern machines. How did they build the pyramid? The pyramid shows that the ancient people were _ and had great skills.
People once thought that the Egyptians made slaves   do all the work on the Great Pyramid. But in fact, they used farmers.
The question is: In fact, the Egyptians used   _   to build the pyramid.
The possible answers are:
A:machines
B:slaves
C:farmers
D:childrenWang Bing is a 12-year-old boy. He likes sports very much and does well in sports.
One afternoon, he comes out of the classroom and sees his father waiting for him at the school gate. He is very glad and he runs to his father. "Dad, please don't wait for me after school next time. I can go home by myself . I have grown up." says Wang Bing.
"Let's go," says the father, "I'll cook supper and you can do your homework at home: Mum is still at work."On their way home, Wang Bing sees some boys skating in a park. "Can I go and learn skating. Dad?" asks Wang Bing. "I'm sorry, my boy. You must go home and do your homework," answers his father, "but I can buy you an ice-cream." Then his father buys an ice-cream for him. When Wang Bing wants to eat it, a fly  flies to the ice-cream.
"Drive off  the fly,' says his father, "it's very dirty  ."But Wang Bing says with a smile. "You don't let me skate, but can you let him skate for a while ?"
The question is: There are  _   people in Wang Bing's family.
The possible answers are:
A:8
B:5
C:3
D:2Hello Kitty, the Japanese white cat with no mouth,has a lot of fans around the world. A new home for Hello Kitty was opened in China in the summer of 2014.
The Hello Kitty Theme Park was built in Anji, Zhejiang Province and this is the first Hello Kitty Park in China.Anji is known for its natural beauty. It has large forests and many bamboo groves . So the new Hello Kitty Park will be both a playland and a natural park. Children and visitors will enjoy the fun of games and learn about the environment at the same time. There are five gardens in the park. Each of them has a different theme of the five natural elements: water, wood,fire, metal  and earth.
Visitors to the amusement park will be able to enjoy 3D Games, watch Hello Kitty films and food service. Children can have lots of interesting activities here.
Now you see,Hello Kitty's new home was so interesting. So come and see it by yourself.
The question is: The passage may be a(an)  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:news
B:film post
C:story
D:adNewspapers are very important in our daily life. Many people begin their day by reading the paper. In this way they learn what is going on in the world. Sometimes, however, they didn't have the time to read the news carefully and must be pleased with a quick look at the front page. At other times they may be in such a hurry that they have time only to have a quick look at the headlines .
There are newspapers to please every reader. In big cities there are many types with several different editions every day. In some towns there are fewer newspapers and perhaps only one edition each day. In some places the paper is printed weekly.
Most papers have several editions , especially on Sundays when the edition is larger than usual. There are, besides the front page with the most important news, the sports news, the amusement page, a business page and so on.
The question is: Most papers have   _   on Sundays than usual.
The possible answers are:
A:more types
B:more pages
C:less types
D:less pagesAll boys and girls like good stories. I am sure that all children who read The Ugly Duckling will be glad to know something about the 'King of Story Tellers', who wrote it for them. Thousands and thousands of children have read this story, only to ask for it again and again. It has travelled the wide world over, and has been told in every country.
Hans Christian Andersen, the author of "The Ugly Duckling," was born in Denmark. If you look on a map, you will see this little country in northern Europe. There, in the little village of Odense, he spent his boyhood. His father and mother were very poor. The family lived in two little rooms near the top of a house, where his father worked as a shoemaker.
On the roof was a box filled with earth. In this box his mother planted her vegetables. Little Hans loved to walk with his father in the woods, where he could pick wild flowers and hear the birds sing. His father read to him when his work was done, or told him stories. What his father did helped him open up a new world.
Once, when Hans was still a child, he went into a wheat field with his mother and a number of children, to pick the rest wheat which the reapers  had left in the field. While they were busy picking only a small amount of wheat for each of them, an angry bailiff  came rushing into the field, armed with a whip . All ran, as fast as they could, away from the angry man. _ and the sharp stalks  of the wheat plants which had been cut down, cut his feet so that he could not get away.
Unafraid, the boy faced the angry man and his upraised whip. "How dare you hit me when you know God sees you?" he cried, looking fearlessly into the face of the angry bailiff. The whip came down, but not on little Hans. The bailiff admired the boy's courage, and praised him for it. He sent him home with gifts, rather than punishments.[:]
While Hans was still a boy, his kind father died. Then Hans and his mother were left alone, to care for each other.
"What will you do, Hans?" the mother asked "Would you like to become a tailor?"
"No, mother," the boy answered; "I will go to Copenhagen and study. One day I shall write books."
"But where will the money be found to pay your way?" asked the mother.
"I will work, and God will take care of me," Hans replied.
So the boy left his native village and walked all the way to Copenhagen, which was very far.
The question is: Why didn't the bailiff hit Hans?
The possible answers are:
A:Because he was afraid of Hans.
B:Because he was too angry.
C:Because Hans gave him some gifts.
D:Because he admired Hans' courage.This summer I will leave the junior high school where I have been for three years. I am generally considered to be a careful and polite boy now. However, five years ago, I was a little bit bossy . I often fought with other boys and sometimes I even fought with my elder sister. When I saw Superman on TV for the first time, I dreamed of being a superman one day.
One P.E. class, I called up all of my friends to get together in our classroom. "Can anybody jump out of the window?" I asked them. After hearing this, all my friends kept silent. " _ ," I said. "Can you?" one of my friends asked me. "Sure!" I answered. "If I do it, I will get all the toys that you have. If I fail, you will get all of my toys, OK?" They said, "OK!"
Then I went up to the window of the second floor. I took a deep breath and then jumped down, stretching out my arms just like Superman. Then I hit the ground.
When I opened my eyes, I found myself lying in the hospital. I was taken to the hospital because my arms were badly hurt. Later, I heard that my P.E. teacher nearly lost his job for this, but I never received the serious punishment I feared.
The question is: The story happened when the writer was in   _   .
The possible answers are:
A:university
B:elementary school
C:junior high school
D:senior high schoolThese classmates all had good jobs and made lots of money. They talked happily. Then their talk soon turned to complaining about the stress   in work and life. The teacher went to the kitchen and came back with a large pot of coffee and many cups--china   ones, plastic ones and glass ones. Some are plain   looking, some are expensive and some are lovely. The teacher told them to help themselves to the coffee.
When all the students had a cup of coffee in hand, the teacher said, "Can you notice that all of you took nice-looking expensive cups, leaving behind the plain and cheap ones? You want only the best for yourselves, and that is the source   of your problems."
"What all of you really wanted was coffee, not the cup, but you went for the best cups and then began looking at each other's cups."
"Now think about this: life is the coffee, and the jobs, money and position   in society are the cups. They are just tools to hold, and do not change the life. Sometimes, by caring only about the cups, we fail to enjoy the coffee. So don't let the cups drive you, and enjoy the coffee instead."
The question is: In their teacher's eyes, why did they have so much stress?
The possible answers are:
A:Because they cared too much about things that were not important.
B:Because they understood the meaning of life.
C:Because they knew about life itself and enjoyed it.
D:Because they drank too much coffee.Hangzhou, capital of Zhejiang Province, China, was chosen to be the host city of the 19th Asian Games . However, some people say that the 19th Asian Games will be held in 2022, while some say 2023. Which is true?
To make it clear, we need to have a better understanding of Asian Games first.
The Asian Games is a multi-sport event. It is held every four years among athletes from all over Asia. It is the second largest multi-sport event after the Olympic Games.
The Asian Games are always held at the same year as the World Cup, which is also held every four years. Many people around the world pay more attention to the World Cup. This really makes the Olympic Council of Asia(OCA) worried. So, the OCA decides to _ the 18th Asian Games for a year. That is in 2019. In this way, the Asian Games won't be held in the same year as the World Cup. So Hangzhou will hold the event in 2023.
Hanoi , capital of Vietnam , is the host city of the 18th Asian Games. However, Vietnamese government announced in 2014 that Hanoi gave up the right to host the Asian Games because they don't have enough money.
Luckily, Djakarta , capital of Indonesia , was willing to be the host city instead of Hanoi. But then came another problem. Djakarta will hold presidential election  in 2019, so the government wanted to change the holding time of the Asian Games back to 2018. The OCA agreed.
The question is: Why did the government of Indonesia wanted to change the holding time of the Asian Games back to 2018?
The possible answers are:
A:Because they don't have enough money.
B:Because the World Cup will be held in 2018.
C:Because the OCA has advised them to change the time.
D:Because Djakarta will hold presidential election in 2019.One day I got in a taxi, and we left for the airport. We were driving in the right lane   when, suddenly, a black car jumped out of a parking space right in front of us. My taxi driver stopped his car at once. The tire   made a very loud noise, and at the very last moment our car stopped just one inch from the black of the other car.
I was _ . But then I couldn't believe what happened next. The driver of the other car, the guy who almost caused a big accident, turned his head and started yelling  at us. I couldn't believe it! But my taxi driver just smiled at the guy. So I asked, "Why did you just do that? This guy almost sent us to hospital. "
This is when my taxi driver taught me what I now call "The Law of the Rubbish Truck   . " He explained that many people are like rubbish trucks. They run around full of rubbish, full of anger and full of bad feelings. As their rubbish piles up, they look for a place to throw it away and sometimes they'll throw it at you. Don't take it personally. Just smile, wish them well, and move on. Don't take their rubbish and spread it to other people at work, at home or on the streets.
Successful people never let rubbish trucks change their moods  . Life is too short to wake up in the morning with regrets, so love those who love you and pray  for those who don't.
The question is: Why did the guy get angry so easily?
The possible answers are:
A:Because he was badly hurt by the taxi.
B:Because the taxi driver didn't say sorry to him.
C:Because he was in a bad mood.
D:Because the taxi driver just smiled.What do Napoleon, Clinton and Wang Nan have in common? They are all left-handed. Today about 15% of the people are left-handed. But why are people left-handed? The answer is the way the brain   works. The brain has two halves---the right half and the left half. The right half controls   the left side of the body, and the left half controls the right side of the body. So right-handed people have a strong left brain, and the left -handed people have a strong right brain.
The two halves of the brain are about the same size. But each side controls different things. The left side controls language, Maths and logic  . When you remember new words, or when you put things in order, you use your left side.
The right side of the brain controls colour and music. It is also good at recognizing   faces. This does not mean that all artists are left-handed and all accountants   are right-handed. Some right-handers have a strong right brain, and some left-handers have a strong left brain.
The question is: Each side of the brain   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:likes music and Maths
B:controls different things
C:controls the same thing
D:has two halvesJack gets to the bus station very early. The bus for Beijing is leaving   at twelve. He sees many people at the station. Some are waiting in line, and others are walking around. Jack looks around but there is no room   for him to sit in. He walks into a restaurant. He looks up at the clock there. It's only 11:30. Then he finds a seat and sits down. At that time, Tom, one of his friends, comes in and sits in front of him. They talk and drink. After a while, Jack looks up at the clock again. "Oh, my God. It's still   11:30. The clock doesn't work at all." Jack becomes very sad because he misses   the bus.
The question is: Jack goes into the restaurant because   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:it is quite early
B:he can't find a seat at the station
C:he misses the bus for Beijing
D:A and BDavid Moore taught science at the City School. He needed some expensive books, and so he bought them. He put the books in his car in a quiet street. Then he went to other shops to buy something else. At six he came back to the car. One door was open - and the books were not there! David drove home to Fry Road.
On Friday people read this in the newspaper:
Books: Have you any old books? I buy old and modern books.
Open all day on Saturdays. David Moore, 26 Fry Road.
David stayed at home on Saturday. The first man came at eight. David took him to the kitchen. At half past nine another man arrived. He had a bag under his arm.
"Mr Moore?" the man asked.
"That's right," David said. "Can I help you?"
"I've got some good books. You buy books, don't you?"
"Yes. Bring them in. Let me have a look."
Soon the books were on the dining-table. "Come in now," David called, "and bring the list."
A policeman came into the dining-room. He read the names on the books and the names on the list in his hand. They were the same.
"Come with me, sir," the policeman said to the man.
The question is: Mr Moore probably bought the books on   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:Wednesday
B:Friday
C:Saturday
D:SundayA small boy at summer camp received a bag of cookies in the mail from his mother. He ate a few, and then put the rest under his bed. The next day, after lunch, he went to his tent to get a cookie. The box was gone.
That afternoon a camp leader saw another boy sitting behind a tree. He was eating the stolen cookies! "That young man," he said to himself, "must be taught not to steal."
He returned to the group and found the boy whose cookies had been stolen. "Billy," he said, "I know who stole your cookies. Will you help me teach him a lesson?"
"Well, yes. But aren't you going to punish him?" asked the puzzled boy.
"No, that would only make him hate you." the leader explained. "I want you to call your mother. Ask her to send you another box of cookies."
The boy did so and soon received another box of cookies. "Now," said the leader, "the boy who stole your cookies is down by the lake. Go and share your cookies with him."
"But he's the thief!"
"I know, but try it--see what will happen."
Half an hour later, the camp leader saw the two come up the hill, hand in hand. The boy who had stolen the cookies was trying to get the other to accept his toy knife. The other boy was just refusing the gift from his new friend. He said that a few cookies weren't that important anyway.
The question is: When Billy first got cookies from his mother,   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:he ate some of them himself
B:he gave some to the camp leader
C:he shared them with another boy
D:he hid them away quicklyEveryone hopes to have a healthy lifestyle. But do you know what a healthy lifestyle is like? Here are some ways to have a healthy life.
Get active
This is the most important way of a healthy lifestyle. Walking, running,
playing basketball and other sports will help you keep healthy.
Keep clean
Keep the places around you clean. Unclean and untidy places can not only make you angry but also (...) make you ill.
Eat healthily
Our health depends on   our food, so everyone should remember to eat healthy food. The healthier food you eat, the healthier you will be.
Live green
This is the easiest way to live a healthy lifestyle. Plant trees around your house. Try your best to use less  water. Stop using things if they are bad for environment .
The question is: Which of the following is Right according to the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:Get active is the only way to keep healthy.
B:You don't need to keep your home clean.
C:You should try your best to use less water.
D:Our health depends on our clothes.Algae  are very simple plants. They grow in fresh water or salty water. Seaweed is algae that grow in salty water. Seaweed is red or brown in color. The Japanese people use these plants from the sea in many ways. From it, they make a food called Kombu. Kombu is seaweed that has been dried, cooked and pressed together. Then it is dried again and cut into long pieces. The Japanese eat a lot of Kombu and like it very much.
Japanese farmers often use seaweed as fertilizer. It makes their plants grow better. Many farmers also find seaweed makes a fine food for their animals.
From seaweed the Japanese also get iodine , which they sell to other countries. Iodine is used in many ways all over the world. It is used in making medicine. It is added to the salt we use at the table. Scientists even use one form of iodine to "seed clouds" when they want rain to fall.
The question is: The main idea of the story is that   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:The Japanese eat seaweed when they want rain to fall.
B:Kombu is made into medicine for farmers.
C:The Japanese eat a lot of Kombu.
D:The Japanese use seaweed in many ways.All students need to have good habits  : When you have good study habits, you can learn things quickly. You can also remember   them easily.
Do you like to study in the living room? This is not a good place because it is usually too noisy. You need to study in a quiet place, like your bedroom. A quiet place will help you only think about one thing, and you will learn better.
Before you study, do not forget to clean your desk. A good desk light is important  , too. You'll feel tired easily if   there is not enough light.
The question is: The best title   for this passage is   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:Study in the Bedroom
B:Good Study Habits
C:How to Study
D:Desk Light Is ImportantThis is Linda's room. It's a nice room. It's very clean . I can see a brown bed. A photo of a boy is on the wall . Can you see a brown desk? Yes, it's in the room, on the left . A green chair is on the floor. Some books and blue pens are on the desk. Linda's lamp  is on the desk, too. It's a pink lamp.
Where is Linda? Is she in the room? No, she isn't. She is at school.
The question is: _  are on the desk.
The possible answers are:
A:Some books, blue pens and a lamp
B:Some books, red pens, a bag and a lamp
C:Some green pens, a bag and a lamp
D:A bag, a book, a blue pen and a lampPeople in different countries have different ways of doing things. Something that is polite in one country may be quite impolite in another. In Britain, you mustn't lift   your bowl to your mouth when you are having some soup. But it's different in China. And in Japan you even needn't worry about making a noise when you have it. It shows that you are enjoying it. Making a noise is considered as   bad manners (,) in Britain. If you are a visitor in Mongolia, what manners do they wish you to have? They wish you to give a loud "burp"   after you finish eating. Burping shows that you like the food.
In Britain, you should try not to put your hands on the table when you're having a meal. In Mexico, however, they hope you keep the hands on the table during a meal. But Arabians consider you must be very careful with your hands. You mustn't eat with your left hand. Arabians consider it very bad manners eating with left hands. So, what should you do if you are on a visit in another country? Well, you can ask the local people to help you or just watch carefully and follow them if you are on a visit in another country.
The question is: What's the main idea of the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:People in different countries have different ways of doing things.
B:British people are very polite.
C:You mustn't eat with your left hand.
D:Don't worry about making a noise when you have soup.Connie Talbot was born on November 20th, 2000. She is an English child singer from Streetly, West Midlands. She is best known for being on "Britain's Got Talent"(<<>> )when she was just six. She has been singing since she was 19 months old. The song she is most known for is Somewhere over the Rainbow. And now she is touring the country with the UK's biggest children's choir--Young Voices.
Do you know what the Young Voices Tour is? Well, it's a great event for children. It is great for them to sing on a big stage with thousands of other children. Everyone waits for the parents to arrive in the evening to watch the children put on a great show. There is so much fun. When the lights turn on, everyone sings together at the same time as one. It's so loud and powerful . Connie loves looking around at the choir and seeing everyone so happy when she was performing.
"We've heard you got a new Guinness world record!" I asked her. "Yes! I am very proud. It was amazing to get the Guinness world record for the biggest choir at the back of a singer. I am glad to share that world record with more than 6000 other children present that day," she answered.
The question is: Connie has been famous   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:since she was only 6 months old
B:since she was 6 years old
C:ever since she was 12 years old
D:since she was 18 months oldIf you've been joining in chat room conversations, or trading e-mail with net pals , you have become one of the millions who write in a special, short form of English.
Throughout the world, every night children and their elders are "talking" online -- many of them are talking at the same time.
It's fast: trying talking to six people once. It's convenient: three or four words per exchange. It takes cleverness, concentration and quick fingers.
And it requires very simple language. There's neither time nor space for explanations. Why waste valuable time telling six friends you have to leave for a moment to take care of your little brother when BRB (="be" right back) will do?
Want to enter a conversation? Just type PMFJI (="pardon" me for jumping in).
Interested in whom you're talking to? Type A/S/L, the common request to know your pal's age, sex and location. You may get 15/M/NY as a reply from your pal.
If something makes you laugh, say you're OTF (="on" the floor), or LOL (="laughing" out loud), or join the two into ROTFL (="rolling" on the floor laughing).
And when it's time to get back to work or go to bed, you type GTG (="got" to go) or TTYL (="talk" to you later).
People want to write as fast as possible, and they want to get their ideas across as quickly as they can. Capital letters are left in the dust, except when expressing feeling, as it takes more time to hold down the "shift" key and use capitals. Punctuation is going too.
The question is: The sentence "There's neither time nor space for explanations" means that   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:people should use words properly
B:people should know what time it is when they are talking
C:people online have to express themselves in a simple way
D:people should communicate in a funny wayAlice: Good morning, Bob.
Bob: Good morning, Alice.
Alice: Bob, this is Grace.
Bob: Hi, Grace.
Grace: Hi, Bob.
Alice: Oh, what is that?
Bob: It's my green key.
Alice: What's this?
Bob: It is a ruler.
Alice: Is it your   ruler?
Bob: No. My ruler is red. This ruler is blue.
Alice: Grace, is it your ruler?
Grace: Oh no. It is Frank's ruler.
Alice:40 .
The question is: Bob's   _   is green.
The possible answers are:
A:key
B:pen
C:map
D:jacketMany people do not like to stay at home on holidays.They want to go out to see something different or do something interesting.So people from the country come to the city and people from the city go to the country for holidays.During the holidays trains,buses and planes are all very busy.It is very hard to buy train tickets or air tickets.Many people take cars or buses for traveling.
Last May Day my family went to the country by car for our holiday.There was too much traffic on the road,so we had to move very slowly.It took us about an hour to get out of the town.After some time,we came to a hill.It was green and beautiful.We thought this was a good place for a picnic,so we stopped and took the food,fruit and drinks out of the car.We sat down and began to eat.Suddenly a strong wind blew and soon it started to rain.We had to run back to our car and have our picnic in the car.Then we drove back home.What a sad holiday!
The question is: Which one is right in the following sentence?
The possible answers are:
A:Many people like staying at home on holidays.
B:People living in the city often go to another city for traveling.
C:It is easy to buy a ticket on holidays.
D:Many people take cars or buses for traveling.There are four hats. They are red, yellow, green and white. They are Mike's, Bill's, Tom's and John's. Tom's hat is not yellow, green or red. John's hat is not green. And Mike's hat is not yellow or green. What color are their hats?
,.
The question is: Is the yellow hat John's or Tom's?
The possible answers are:
A:It's John's.
B:It's Tom's.
C:It's Mike's.
D:It's Bill's.Hello! I'm Tom. Here is a photo of my friend. His first name is Mark. His last name is Hand. He is English. His school ID card number is 19922.My school ID card number is 12299. That's interesting . Look at the photo! He is in a black and red jacket. His backpack is blue, and his watch is yellow. A baseball is in his hand .His telephone number is 235-3577.
The question is: Tom is Mark's  _   .
The possible answers are:
A:brother
B:cousin
C:friend
D:sisterOlympic torch relay   planned route
Beijing, April 27--The Beijing 2008 Olympic Torch Relay will cover the greatest area and include the largest number of people. The plans were announced on Thursday night. The planned route would last  130 days and travel 137 000 km.
First Nobel Prize winner to donate to Hope School
Chinanews, Beijing, May 10--Professor Dannel Chee Tsui, in the USA, signed the agreement to donate 350 000yuan to his home town to build a Hope Primary School in China.
Bill Gates receives Tsinghua honorary doctorate
Beijing,April 20--Bill Gates, chairman of global IT giant Microsoft, received an honorary doctorate   when he
visited China's   famous   Tsinghua   University   on Thursday.
Big Shaolin kung fu center to be built in Russia
Chinanews, Beijing, April 27--China and Russia have signed a letter of intent ( )on the building of a Shaolin kung fu center in Russia. It will be the first of its kind in Russia,and also the biggest overseas kung fu center when it is completed.
The question is: How long will the Beijing 2008 Olympic Torch Relay last?
The possible answers are:
A:One month.
B:Two months.
C:Three months.
D:More than four months.Bill Gates has a nice house on a hill by Lake Washington. Inside the house there are seven bedrooms, 24 bathrooms, six kitchens and six fireplaces. It even has a theatre, a library, an exercise room and a swimming pool. You can say the house is very big. However, it doesn't look so big, because a large part of it is in the hills.
The house is famous for many reasons. One is its large size, and another is its amazing electronic systems  . Before a visitor goes into the house, he/she gets a chip   at the gate. The chip sends information about the visitor to the electronic systems in the house. When the visitor goes into the house, lights are on automatically  . When the visitor goes into a room, the temperature   will change to make the visitor comfortable. When the visitor goes from one room to another, he/she can hear music.
Bill Gates began to build his house in 1990. It took him about 7 years to build it.
The question is: The visitor will get   _   at the gate of Bill Gates' house.
The possible answers are:
A:a map of the house
B:a model house
C:a system
D:a chipWhen the man's wife died, their youngest baby was 2 years old. They had six other children -- three boys and three girls, aged from 4 to 16. The man's parents and his wife's parents came to visit.
"We've been talking about how to make this work," they said. "There's no way you can take care of all these children and work to make a living. So, we've decided to place each child with a different uncle and aunt." The man refused.
Over the next few weeks, he moved the family to a tiny town and opened a small business. His business developed quickly. He was happy to see people and serve them. He became popular with people for his pleasant personality and excellent customer service. People came from far away to do business with him. And the children helped both at home and at work.
The children grew up and got married. Five of the seven went off to college. The children's success was a source   of pride to the father.
Then came grandchildren. No one enjoyed grandchildren more than this man. As they became toddlers  , he invited them to his workplace and his small home. They brought each other great joy.
Finally, the youngest daughter, who was 2 years old when the mother died, got married. With his life's work done, the father died.
This man's work had been the lonely but joyful task of raising his family. This man was my father. I was the 16-year-old, the oldest of seven.
,. (5,2,10)
The question is: The father died   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:before his youngest daughter got married.
B:after his youngest daughter got married.
C:before his children went off to college
D:after his children went off to collegeHenry works in a factory. He comes from a poor family and was in school for only four years. He has to do the hard work, but he hasn't got much money. He likes to watch football matches very much and spends much time on it.
One evening there was a big football match on a playground. He borrowed some money from his friend and hurried there. There were a lot of people there. And all the tickets were sold out. He was sorry for it. He saw a pole   outside the playground and climbed up it quickly. A policeman came and said, "It's dangerous to stay on it! Come down!" "Wait a minute, please!" Henry said and just at that moment the policeman heard cheers in the playground and asked in a hurry, "Which team has kicked a goal?" "Ours!" "Wonderful! You can stay there. But take care!" the policeman said happily and left.
When the match was nearly over, he came again and asked, "Who's won?" "Theirs, 3:2." "Come down," said the policeman angrily. "Such a match isn't worth watching!" Henry had to come down. But soon they heard cheers again. The policeman said anxiously, "Climb up and quickly and see who's kicked a goal!"
The question is: Henry didn't have much schooling because   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:he liked playing football.
B:he spent much time on watching football match
C:his family was poor.
D:he had to do the hard work when he was in schoolMr Brown and Mr Green are in the garden. They are neighbours. Mr Green asks, "What's the matter?". Mr Brown says, "My house is too small! I want a big house!".
Mr Green is very clever. He has a good idea. "Buy a dog!" says Mr Green. "A dog?" says Mr Brown. "That's a funny idea! Well, OK."
So Mr Brown buys a dog. He puts it in the bedroom. "This dog is very big!" says Mr Brown. "And my bedroom is very small."
The next day, Mr Brown is still sad. "My house is too small," says Mr Brown. "Buy a horse!" says Mr Green. So Mr Brown buys a horse. He puts it in the bathroom. Mr Brown says, "This horse is very big. And my bathroom is very small."
Mr Brown is not happy. He says to the dog and horse, "Now go away!" After that, Mr Brown is very happy. "My house is not too small! My house is wonderful!"
The question is: Which of the following is TRUE?
The possible answers are:
A:Mr Brown is very clever.
B:Mr Green has a small house.
C:Finally Mr Green buys a new house.
D:Mr Brown doesn't live far away from Mr Green.The term "bionic man" came from The Six Million Dollar Man which was a popular TV show in the U.S.A. in the 1970s. It was a story about a former astronaut whose body was rebuilt by using artificial   parts after he nearly died. Now, a team of engineers has made a robot by using artificial organs , limbs and other body parts that comes close to a true "bionic man".
The parts come from 17 manufacturers   around the world. "This is the first time they've been assembled   together," says Richard Walker, the director of a robot company. "It's an attempt to show the development of medical science," he says.
Walker says the robot has about 60 to 70 percent of the function  of a human. It stands six-and-a half feet tall and can step, sit and stand with the help of a walking machine. This kind of machine is used by people who have lost the ability to walk. It also has a functioning heart that beats and circulates artificial blood . Its blood carries oxygen just like human blood.
Although the parts are used in the robot work, there is a long way to go. There are some key parts missing. There's no liver, skin or brain for the robot.
The question is: The robot "bionic man" is used to   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:show the development of medical science
B:help those people who have lost the ability to walk
C:help the doctor do more experiments
D:make a popular TV show named "The Six Million Dollar Man"When I was young, my father used to grow carnations -- a kind of flower that was red, pink or white. He took care of them with much love and devotion. Every day he came home from work, he would enjoy watching them. And he used to tell us, "No one should touch my flowers."
One day, my younger sister Clemence, who loved dad very much, wanted to help him. So she cut the carnation from their stems   one by one and arranged   them on the ground. She believed that dad would be very happy to see them that way.
When mom and I realized what my sister had done, we became completely silent. However, my sister didn't know why no one showed her any appreciation  . When dad arrived, he went as usual straight to watch the flowers. Seeing his flowers lying on the ground like dead animals, he was shocked at first. He looked towards the street to see if it was any of the neighbors' children who could have done it. Then he looked at mom in silence. Finally mom, who always taught us to tell the truth no matter what, said, "No bad neighbors did this great job, only your lovely daughter Clemence."
Dad's face changed into a smile and then he said, "Do I have better flower than my lovely daughter?" My younger sister smiled and hugged   dad strongly.
,.
The question is: What is NOT a color of carnations?
The possible answers are:
A:White
B:Red
C:Black
D:PinkMost people are writing blogs  . Others are reading them. The word " blog" is a short way of saying Web log almost like QQ Zone  .
Many popular Web sites now offer free, easy ways to create personal Web pages and fill them with writings and pictures. Blogs offer people a place to show their writings and feelings over the Internet. They can also be helpful to connect people with others.
A blog has both good and bad points, of course. People choose to write what they think in blogs, for they know that their friends will read what they write. If you are feeling sad one day and write your feelings in your blog, your friends may quickly write back to _ you or offer their help. Blogs help people keep good friendship and let them know what their friends are doing. But the problem is that anyone can read what you write in your blog. If you are not satisfied with a friend during school, and you write something bad about him in your blog, your friend read the blog and get angry. So we have to be careful of what we write.
In many ways, a blog and a diary are almost the same. So what makes a blog different from a diary? The biggest difference is that a blog is more public than a diary.
The question is: Why do you have to be careful of what you write?
The possible answers are:
A:Because only your friends can read your blog.
B:Because no one can read your blog.
C:Because only you can read your blog.
D:Because anyone can read your blog.Tuesday, Jan. 6, 9:50 p.m.
We were sitting in our warm living room. The TV was on, and everything was peaceful. Suddenly the light went on and off for a few times and then went out completely. Then the rain started, and everything went black. We found the flashlight and some candles and went to bed.
Wednesday, Jan. 7, 7:30 a.m.
My first thought after waking up was that it was pretty cold in my bedroom. Clearly, the power   didn't come back. After I looked out of the window, I felt even sadder: it was still raining heavily. The room was becoming colder and colder. We had no idea when the power would come back, so my wife started a fire in the fireplace.
Thursday, Jan. 8, 12:30 p.m.
The snow started. The poor trees now had to carry the heavy snow. The storm seemed to last   and we had nothing to do but stay at home.
Friday, Jan. 9, 6:00 p.m.
Still no power. Even though we lit   a few candles, it was still difficult to do anything in their weak light. I was sitting near several candles, but I had trouble reading.
Saturday, Jan. 10, 1:00 p.m.
The storm stopped this morning, and I drove my car to look for an open store. The trees along the roads were broken. I only bought the most necessary things: bread, some fruit, more drinking water and batteries   for the flashlight. On my way home, the power came back and people were very happy.
The question is: Why did the writer say it was hard to do anything during the storm?
The possible answers are:
A:It was too cold in the room.
B:The flashlight had no batteries.
C:The light kept going on and off.
D:The light of candles was too weak.On a cold morning at a bus station, a man played six famous pieces of music for about an hour. During that time, about two thousand people went through the station, most of them were on their way to work.
3 minutes later: a middle-aged man noticed there was a musician playing. He slowed down, stopped for a few seconds and went away.
4 minutes later: the musician received his first dollar. A woman threw the money in the box and kept on walking without stopping.
6 minutes later: a young man stopped to listen to him. Then he looked at his watch and started to walk again.
10 minutes later: a 3-year-old boy stopped to look at the musician, but his mother took him away. Several other children did the same as the boy. And nearly all the parents took their children away.
45 minutes later: the musician kept on playing. Only 6 people stopped and stayed for a while. About 20 persons gave him money but left quickly.
After 1 hour, the musician finished playing. In the end, he collected $ 32. No one noticed that he had finished playing.
No one knew this, but the musician was Joshua Bell, one of the best musicians in the world. At that time, he played one of the most wonderful pieces ever written, with a very expensive violin.
If we do not have time to stop and listen to one of the best musicians in the world playing with the most beautiful violin, how many other things are we missing?
The question is: Joshua Bell was in fact   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:a very famous pianist
B:a very popular singer
C:a very poor violinist
D:a very famous violinistFlow like the river of change
Little stream ran down from a high mountain through many villages and forests. Then it reached a desert. "I went through so many difficulties. I should have no problem crossing the desert, "she thought. As she started, she found herself slowly disappearing into the sand. After many tries, she still failed. "Maybe I can't reach the ocean, "she said sadly to herself.
At this time, a deep voice said, "If a breeze can cross the desert, so can a river. "It was the voice of the desert. But the little stream answered, "That's because a breeze can fly, but I cannot. "
"That's because you can't give up what you are. Let yourself evaporate into the breeze, and it can take you across, "said the desert. "Give up what I am now? No! No! "The little stream could not accept this idea. "The breeze can carry the vapor across the desert and let it leave as rain. The rain will form a river again, "said the desert. "And whether you're a river or vapor, your nature never changes. "Hearing this, the little stream went into the open arms of the breeze. It carried her to the next stage of her life.
The course of our lives is like the experience of the little stream. If you want to go through difficulties in your life to head for success, you should also change the way you are.
The question is: The little stream finally crossed the desert by  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:evaporating into the breeze
B:forming a river
C:disappearing into the sand
D:changing her natureA pretty, well-dressed young lady stopped a taxi in a big square, and said to the driver, "Can you see that young man at the other side of the square?"
"Yes," said the taxi-driver. The young man was standing outside a restaurant and looking impatiently at his watch every few seconds.
"Take me over there." said the young lady.
There were a lot of cars and buses and trucks in the square, so the taxi- driver asked, "Are you afraid to cross the street."
'Oh, no !" said the young lady. "But I said that I would meet that young man for dinner at one o'c1ock, and it is now a quarter to two. If I arrive in a taxi, it will at least seem as if I have tried not to be too late."
The question is: She wanted to take a taxi because she .
The possible answers are:
A:didn't want to be late for the date.
B:thought the square was too crowded.
C:wanted to be seen in a hurry.
D:was too tired to walk.Hi! I'm Tina. This is a photo of Class 2. This class has twenty-five students, twelve girls and thirteen boys. These are Amy and Bob. Amy is Bob's sister. Amy is 12 and Bob is 13. Amy likes math and English. Bob likes music  . He has a CD collection. This is Bruce. He is 14. He likes sports and has a sports collection. Jerry is a teacher  . He is twenty-four. He likes blue, black and green. Many of his clothes are in these colors. Do you know the relationship between Jerry and Bruce? Aha! Jerry is Bruce's uncle.
,.
The question is: What color does Jerry NOT like?
The possible answers are:
A:Blue.
B:Yellow.
C:Black.
D:Green.If you want to make friends, what should you do?
Steps:
Try to look on the bright side of things.
Look for groups in your area that do something you are interested in. Maybe you will learn some new skills and meet some people who have many things in common with you.
Tips(,):
 _ your friends at least once a week by telephone or e-mail, or by visiting them to find out how they are. Remember important things about them such as birthdays and weddings .
If you have an argument with your friends, say sorry first.
Remember never to leave old friends just because you have made some new ones.
Listen to others carefully. It's better to be a good listener.
Be different. Don't try to change others through your own ideas.
Warnings:
Never ask or give away  a friend's secret.
Don't be afraid to stand up for what is right.
You'd better not give your ID number, phone number or your home address to people that you have just made friends with.
,A, B, C, D,. (10)
The question is: Why is it good to look for groups in your area?
The possible answers are:
A:Because it isn't far.
B:Because it is a rule in your area.
C:Because you can make some money.
D:Because it's a good chance to meet people who have the same interests.My Family Is Very Poor
A little boy comes to a new city. His name is Peter. Of course ,he lives with his mother and father. His family is very rich . They have a driver  and a lot of servants .
Peter is going to a new school. On the first day his parents say to him," peter,be modest at your new school. Don't say we are rich. "And Peter says," Yes,Dad,mom. "
So Peter goes to school. He sees his new teacher. And he sits down with the other children. The teacher says. "Good morning,children. The first exercise today is a composition . The topic  of the composition is 'My Family'."So every child writes a composition. This is Peter's composition:
"My name is Peter. My family is very poor . Both my father and my mother are very poor. Our driver is very poor and all the servants are poor..."
,.
The question is: Which of the following is right?
The possible answers are:
A:Peter tells a lie in his composition.
B:Peter doesn't like writing a composition.
C:Peter's parents write the composition.
D:The teacher is very poor,too.Can dolphins   talk? Maybe they can not talk with words,but they can talk with sounds.
They show their feelings with sounds.Dolphins travel in a group.We call a group of fish a"school".They do not study,but they travel together.Dolphins are mammals  ,not fish,but they swim together like fish in a schoo1.Dolphins talk to the other dolphins in the schoo1.They give information to the others.They talk when they are happy,sad or afraid.They say"welcome"when a dolphin comes back to the schoo1.They talk when they play.
They make some sounds above water.They make many more sounds under water.People cannot hear these sounds because they are very,very high.Scientists make tapes of the sounds and study them.Sometimes people catch dolphins for a large aquarium  .People can watch dolphins in a show.Dolphins do not like to be away from their school in an aquarium.They are sad and lonely.There are many stories about dolphins.They help people.Sometimes they save somebody' s life.Dolphins' meat is good,but people do not like to kill them.They say that dolphins bring good luck.Many people believe this.
The question is: A dolphin makes a sound to  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:show other dolphins they are happy
B:tell other dolphins they are sa
C:1et people know they are afraid
D:give information to the other dolphinsLin Xiao, 21, a student at Guangdong University, has a big family - her two parents, a younger brother and two younger sisters. Lin took her role as the "big sister" seriously. When her first sister was born, Lin took turns with her mom holding the baby late into the night. "I almost did everything that was supposed to be a parent's job, but I felt proud of myself," she said.
Not all of Lin's classmates shared her experiences because of the family planning policy  , a law that was carried out in China about forty years ago. But the situation is about to change. A new policy made on October 29 said all couples can now have two children.
The new policy is expected to help raise the population of China. Recently, China has been facing an aging population and labor shortages because of the low birth rate  .
The two-child policy may also be the gift for every only child. Researchers found that growing up with a brother or sister can have good influence on one's mental health.
"Brothers and sisters do matter in unique ways. They give kids something that parents don't." Laura Walker, a professor from Beijing University, told China Daily. She noted that having a brother or a sister protects teenagers against loneliness, fear and so on.
Liu Fang, 20, from Shenzhen University, has a 2-year-younger sister. When her sister disagreed with parents over choosing a college major, she helped her to communicate with parents. "If necessary, I would always have her back," said Liu. "The best part of having a sister is that you have a partner, friend and supporter throughout your life."
But children with brothers or sisters also have to learn to understand and look after each other, said Laura.
The question is: The one-child policy caused some problems except   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:the aging population
B:labor shortages
C:the population growth
D:the low birth rateLin Dehua, boy, 13
School should make our lunchtime longer. Now, our lunchtime is short. Many of my classmates have some homework to do after lunch . But if they do not get a good rest, they won't have enough energy for the afternoon. So I would like to have some time to take a nap  after lunch . That way we will learn well in the afternoon.
Zhang Huilin, girl,13
Food in our dining hall is not nice at all. There is always pork, fish, and cabbages. The soup is always cold. I think we should have different kinds of food every day. And why can't we have hot soup every day ? I am _ what we eat !
Zheng Chuyu, boy,14
We want more time for sports activities. Students all need time for ball games. But there are only two hours for us to play ball games a week. I think school should be over before 4.30 p.m. every day and then we can go to the playground. I like badminton. All work and no play makes Jack a dull  boy !
The question is: Which is NOT true ?
The possible answers are:
A:Zheng Chuyu likes playing badminton.
B:Zheng Chuyu doesn't want to be a dull boy.
C:Lin Dehua thinks lunchtime is too short now.
D:The students seldom have pork for lunch in the dining hall.Mrs. Jackson was a rich woman. She had many friends. She liked cooking very much and she often invited her friends to her big house.
One day, she invited some of her friends to lunch. She wanted very much to try a new way of cooking a fish, and she was very pleased with herself when the dish was ready. The fish was very hot, so she put it near the open window to make it cool. But five minutes later, when she came back for it, she was surprised to see her neighbor's cat, Mike, eating the fish. She was in time to stop the cat before it was too late. That afternoon everything was good and all her friends liked the fish very much. They talked until four o'clock. Then they said goodbye and left.
At the end of that afternoon, when she was alone again, Mrs. Jackson was very tired but happy. She was sitting in the chair just near the window. Then through the window, she was surprised to see her neighbor's cat dead in the garden! Why, the fish must be bad! What would happen to her friends? She telephoned her family doctor at once. The doctor told her to call each of her friends to see him at the hospital. At last, the danger was over.
Once again, Mrs. Jackson was alone in her chair in the sitting-room, still tired but no longer happy. Just then the telephone rang. It was her neighbor. "Oh, Mrs. Jackson, Mike is dead. He was killed by a car and put in your garden...".
,.
The question is: How did Mrs. Jackson feel when she saw the dead cat?
The possible answers are:
A:Angry.
B:Frightened.
C:Surprised.
D:Happy.Edison often said, "1 will discover what the world needs, then I will try to invent it."  It is true that he did more than any other man of his time in inventing things. He made more than one thousand inventions in his life and all these have changed our way of living. Edison was one of the greatest inventors in the world. When Edison died in 1931, someone said people should turn off all the lights in their homes, streets and factories for several minutes in honor of this great man. Of course it was impossible to do so. And this shows what Edison's inventions mean to people's life.
The question is: Edison was dead for nearly   _   years.
The possible answers are:
A:fifty
B:severity-six
C:sixty
D:eightyLast summer, 15-year-old Bob had a problem. Like a lot of children, Bob was interested in doing many things. He liked dancing most and wanted to join a dancing group. But Bob's high school didn't have a boys' dancing group but a girls' group. He tried to join the girls' group. And he made it.
Bob thought his problem was over after he had been one of the dancers in the dancing group. But a bigger problem was just beginning. The school didn't allow Bob to stay in the girls' group. "If we let Bob stay in the group," the school said, "other boys will want to join, too. Soon, there won't be any girls in the group." They took Bob off the group.
Bob was very angry about it, so he went to a judge . The judge said it was not a right decision and told the school to let Bob go back to the dancing group.
The question is: We can infer that Bob felt   _   when he went back to the group.
The possible answers are:
A:hungry
B:sad
C:happy
D:sureIn today's world of modern science and medicine, a more traditional treatment is once again becoming popular-animal friendship.
It is now well-known that people with problems such as heart disease or cancer live longer and get better more quickly if they have pets. Keeping pets lowers blood pressure and makes people less worried. Animals are increasingly important in treating older people who have memory loss and other brain problems. These people often feel nervous and upset. Activities with animals help them improve their physical condition and also give them joy, entertainment and loving friendship.
Here is a case that shows the benefits of animals. John was a six-year-old _ . He had no physical problems. He just refused to talk. His older cousin, Ned, had a parrot called Sally, and John used to visit it. When he arrived, Net used to say, "Hi, John!" We all know parrots copy what they hear. After a few visits, Sally began saying "Hi, John!" when John came into the room. Then, one day, John turned to the parrot and replied "Hi, Sally!" Staying with the parrot encouraged John to begin talking.
Another use of animal helpers is in schools. In some cases, animals are used to help children with physical or personal problems. In other cases, they are used to teach children to get on and share with others, and even to teach them about animals.
If you want to know more about animal helper programs, you can get in touch with organizations like Riding for the Disabled or do a search under "animal therapy" on the Internet. You don't have to be an animal trainer or a doctor to join in.
The question is: Which is NOT mentioned as an illness that animals can help with?
The possible answers are:
A:Heart disease
B:Cancer
C:Fever
D:Blood pressureDear Peter,
My name is Frank. I am from America. Here is a picture of my friends. We are in the same grade. Look at the picture, in the middle, you can see my friend Jimmy. He likes all the sports. He likes to eat apples and French fries. You can see Helen in the picture, too. Helen likes math. Her favorite food is meat. But Sandra doesn't like math. Look, Sandra is here in the picture. She can speak French. She likes ping-pong. Behind her, there is a girl. She is Sally. She is a black girl. She likes to swim. And she likes to eat ice cream. Maria and Rick are behind Jimmy. Maria likes computer very much. She plays computer games very well. Rick is fun. He can play soccer ball. He likes strawberries best. I like math, too. I like to eat bananas. All of us think Beijing Opera is fun. So we go to see it. But we can't _ the words. So we don't want to see it again. But my father likes it very much. He often watches it. He can understand it. One interesting thing:two of my English friends can understand it, too. They are Maya and Kelsey. They are not in the picture. They often go to see Beijing Opera like my father.
Can you send me a picture of your friends.
Yours,
Frank
The question is: _  like sports.
The possible answers are:
A:Jimmy, Sandra and Sally
B:Maria, Rick and Jimmy
C:Sally, Rick, Jimmy and Sandra
D:Helen, Frank and RickBruno was a boy of eight. His father worked in a cinema and his mother worked in a shop. He lived not far from his school. He always walked there and walked home. On his way to school he had to pass a playground. It was very wet after it rained. One day, when he got home, his clothes were all wet. His mother became angry and said, "Don't play in the water on your way home from school!" On the next day Bruno came home with wet and dirty clothes. His mother became even angrier. "I 'll tell your father if you come back wet again." said his mother. "He will punish you, you know."
The third day the little boy was dry when he came home.
"You 're a good boy today." His mother said happily. "You didn't play in the water."
"No, "the boy said unhappily. "There were too many older boys in the water when i got there this afternoon. There wasn't any room for me at all."
The question is: Bruno went to school   _   every day.
The possible answers are:
A:by bike
B:by bus
C:by car
D:on footJack likes eggs, bananas and apples. So every day, he has two eggs, one apple, a cup of milk and some bread for breakfast. For lunch, he has bananas, some chicken and vegetables. And for dinner, he has tomatoes, French fries and ice cream.
His sister likes dessert, oranges and apples. But she often has some hamburgers, one apple and bread for her breakfast. She likes tomatoes, salad and some fish for lunch. For dinner, she likes strawberries and some chicken.
The question is: Jack has some chicken  _  , but his sister has some chicken  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:for breakfast; for dinner
B:for lunch; for dinner
C:for dinner; for lunch
D:for dinner; for dinnerBringing a giraffe into the world is a tall order. A baby giraffe is born 10 feet high and usually lands on its back. Within seconds it rolls over its legs under its body. Then the mother giraffe rudely introduces its children to the reality of life.
In his book, A View from the Zoo, Gary Richmond describes how a new-born giraffe learns its first lesson.
The mother giraffe lowers her head long enough to take a quick look. Then she puts herself directly over her child. She waits for about a minute, and then she does the most unreasonable thing. She throws her long leg and kicks her baby, so that it's sent sprawling .
When it doesn't get up, the process is repeated again and again. The struggle to rise is important. As the baby giraffe grows tired, the mother kicks it again. Finally, it stands for the first time on its shaky legs. Then the mother giraffe kicks it off its feet again. Why? She wants it to remember how it got up. In the wild, a baby giraffe must be able to get up as quickly as possible to stay with its group, where there's safety.
Another writer named Irving Stone understood this. He spent a lifetime studying greatness, writing stories about such men as Michelangelo, Vincent van Gogh, Sigmund Freud, and Charles Darwin.
Stone was once asked if he had found something that runs through the lives of all these great people. He said, "I write about people who sometime in their life have a dream of something. They're beaten over the head, knocked down and for years they get nowhere. But every time they stand up again. And at the end of their lives they've realized some small parts of what they set out to do ."
The question is: What would be the best title for the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:How to keep a baby giraffe.
B:Learning to Get Back Up.
C:Stories about the great people.
D:A mother giraffe and its baby giraffe.Do you get enough sleep? With so much homework, it's often difficult to get the rest you need. But you need to try, because sleep keeps you healthy and it stops you getting fat.
Recently, a group of US scientists did a study of kids aged between 8 and 13. The studt found that if kids sleep for just one extra hour each day, the chance of their getting fat is cut by about 30%.
Why? When people don't get enough sleep, they become tired. When they are tired, they don't exercise enough. Also, kids like snacks. If they are awake an extra hour or two each day, they have more time to eat snacks or other unhealthy foods.
So, how much sleep should you get? Scientists suggest 10 to 11 hours a night for kids aged 5 to 12. For older kids, eight to nine hours will do.
The question is: If you are 9, how long do the scientists advice you to sleep?
The possible answers are:
A:10 to 11 hours
B:8 to 9 hours
C:8 to 13 hours
D:8 to 11 hoursAttention! Students ! Beach party comes ! We are going to have an outdoor party at the National Park on July 15.
Activities: 1. Ride bikes from the Student Center to the beach.
2. A picnic on the beach.
3. Swimming and sailing contests. 
What to bring: sun cream, sunglasses, hats, swimsuits, hiking shoes and personal items.
Deadline for signing up : Sunday, July 8
Fee: 200 per person.
Meet at the Student Center at 10:00 am, July 15
P. S:All the food will be offered by the Students' Union.
The question is: What's the main purpose   of the poster?
The possible answers are:
A:To tell students what to do in the summer.
B:To teach students how to plan a party.
C:To make money for National Park.
D:To get more students to join the activities if possible.Everybody has a home. People have homes. Animals have homes. People live in many different kinds of houses. Animals have different kinds of homes, too.
Some animals live in holes under the ground . The woodchuck  lives under the ground .His home has two doors. If any animal comes into one door, the woodchuck goes out through the other. Some animals live in holes in trees. Some squirrels build nests   high in trees. Most of the birds live in nests in trees. But hawks build their nests high in the mountains .
The question is: _   live under the ground.
The possible answers are:
A:All the animals
B:All the woodchucks
C:All the squirrels
D:All the birdsHello, I'm Kate. This is a photo of my aunt's family. The woman in the photo is my aunt, Jane. She is a teacher and she is very kind . These are my cousins Jim and Jack. They are seven and they are twins . Look! That lovely  baby is my aunt's little daughter, Rose. She is only one. I love them very much.
The question is: Rose is Kate's   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:sister
B:mother
C:cousin
D:teacherJack drives a school bus.His bus is different from other school buses because it doesn't carry children.Jack's bus takes dogs to school in the morning and brings them home at night.Jack takes the dogs to "The Dog School".There four men teach the dogs to obey and protect their owners.All kinds of dogs go to the school--large dogs,small dogs,young dogs and old dogs Jack says that young dogs are the easiest to teach,but the old ones can learn,too.
Do you have a dog? Maybe it would like to go to "The Dog School".
The question is: Jack teaches the dogs to  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:run away
B:go to bed
C:eat food
D:protect their ownersI'm Zhang Yue. I come fiom Beijing. I'm twelve years old and I'm a student. I have a bike. I go to school by  bike. I can speak Chinese and English. This is my friend. Her name is Alice Brown. She is twelve years old. Too. She likes red. We are in the same class. The man in the photo is Alice's father. He is my English teacher. His name is Peter Brown. He has small eyes and a big nose. He likes black and white. He is a good teacher.our classmstes and I all like him.
. (10)
The question is: How old is Zhang Yue?
The possible answers are:
A:Twelve.
B:Thirteen.
C:Fourteen.
D:Fifteen.Tom has got a big family .His grandparents are in America.His parents are in China . His father is a manager and  his mother is a teacher .They have got two children . Tom is a boy and Jane is a
girl . Tom is thirteen and Jane is eight . Jane and I are good friends and we are in the same class .
The question is: Who is older ( ) , Tom or Jane ?
The possible answers are:
A:Tom.
B:Jane.
C:Theyarethesame.
D:Idon tknow.Miss Williams is a teacher, and there are thirty children in her class. They are nice children, and Miss Williams like them all, but they often lose  some of the clothes. It's winter, and the weather is very cold. The children's mothers always take them to school with warm coats and hats and gloves . The children come into the classroom in the morning and take off their coats and hats and gloves, and put the gloves in the pockets of their coats.
Last Tuesday, Miss Williams found two small blue gloves on the floor in the evening, and the next morning, she asked the children, "Whose gloves are these?" But no one answered. "Haven't you got blue gloves, Dick?" she asked him.
"Yes, Miss Williams," he answered, "but those can't be mine. I've lost already."
The question is: Miss Williams found the gloves   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:in the chair
B:on the floor
C:on the road
D:on the deskIt's time to go home now. I am on a bus on a rainy day, and a woman with a dog gets on the bus. It is a big dog and its feet are not clean.
I don't want the dog to sit near me. But the woman says to the conductor . "Oh, I pay for my dog. Can he sit here like the other people?"
The conductor looks at the dog and says, "Yes, madam, but he must not put his feet on the chair."
The question is: Why do the woman and the dog get on the bus?
The possible answers are:
A:It is a rainy day.
B:No one is on the bus.
C:The dog can sit
D:The woman is a conductor.Hi! I'm Tom.This is my pencil box. It's orange. My ruler is blue and red .It's in the pencil-box. That is a pencil. It's black. It is not my pencil. It's Lucy's. The white eraser is Bob's. I call Bob at 789-6943. It is his telephone number.
The question is: _  telephone number is 789-6943.
The possible answers are:
A:Tom's
B:Bob's
C:Lucy's
D:Bob's friend'sHouse of noodles
We have three size bowls of noodles, small, medium and large. A small bowl of mutton  and carrot noodles is RMB 5. A medium bowl of beef and potato noodles is RMB 7. A large bowl of chicken and cabbage noodles is RMB 8.
Welcome to our house.
Lunch special
We have some great specials. The cabbage, tomatoes and rice lunch special is RMB 3. The beef, carrots and rice lunch special is RMB 5. The dumplings and soup lunch special is RMB 8.
Time: 11:00a.m---2:00p.m
Dessert house
What kind of dessert would you like? We have two new specials: (1) Apple, strawberry and ice cream. (2) Banana, orange and ice cream. And what size of dessert would you like? Small, medium or large? And we also have juice and tea.
The question is: If you want to buy a small bowl of mutton and carrot noodles and two large bowls of chicken and cabbage noodles, you can pay   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:RMB 24
B:RMB 21
C:RMB 18
D:RMB 23A long time ago, my grandma and grandpa lived in a house with a big front yard. They planted lots of vegetables and flowers in the yard.
They worked hard to keep the garden growing. All summer long, the family ate food from the garden and enjoyed the flowers.
Years passed. It became harder for them to keep up the garden. So they made it a little smaller.
Then one summer Grandpa died. It was a lonely winter for Grandma. It was hard for her to care for the garden alone. When spring came, she planted just a few vegetables and flowers.
One day in the early summer, Grandma heard big noises in the yard. She looked out of the window and saw thousands of bees.
What could she do? Should she _ someone to get rid of the bees? But that would cost more than she could afford. She decided to wait.
Over the next few days, the bees were busy with their own business. Grandma decided the bees wouldn't bother anyone, so she didn't give them another thought.
That summer, Grandma's little garden grew and grew. The neighbors would stop to admire the big crop of vegetables and the lovely flowers.
One day, Grandma's brother visited. As Grandma made him delicious squash pan cakes  , she told him about the bees.
Frank said, "Farmers often hire beekeepers to set up beehives  . The bees, pollinate   the crops and help them to grow."
"So that's why my garden is doing so well!" Grandma exclaimed  . After that, she believed that Grandpa had sent the bees to take his place and make Grandma's little garden grow and grow...
The question is: Why did the garden grow well that Summer?
The possible answers are:
A:Because of Grandpa.
B:Because of Grandma.
C:Because of the help of the bees.
D:Because of the good weather.Peter always doesn't know the way. His friends often laugh at him. They say he needs a map to find the bathroom in his own house. In his eyes, every street looks the same, and he doesn't know which way to go. Sometimes he has to take a taxi home because he can't remember the way to his house.
Peter watches a lot of films and reads a lot of books about animals. Each bird knows which way is south. Bats   can fly at night and find their way with their ears. He feels embarrassed   because all these animals have a good _ . He tries to find his way with the help of stars in the sky. There is a star called the North Star, and he knows how to find it.
Of course, Peter's friends are still laughing at him, because he can only see the North Star outside when it is sunny at night. He can't tell the directions in the daytime or when he is inside or when it is cloudy.
The question is: Sometimes Peter has to take a taxi home because   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:he is tired after shopping
B:he doesn't know the way home
C:he likes taking the taxi
D:his friends want him to do thatMr. Clark worked in a newspaper, and he did a lot of important and difficult work, but then he began to forget things, and this made his work very difficult. One day he said to himself, "I'm going to go and see Dr. Martin about this."
He waited in the doctor's waiting room with the other patients, and then the nurse said to him, "You can go in and see Dr. Martin now".
"Oh, doctor," said Mr. Clark, 'it's terrible, I can't remember anything for longer than half a minute, and it's making my work very difficult. What can I do? Can you help me?"
The doctor said, "When did this start, Mr. Clark?"
"When did what start?" Mr. Clark said.
The question is: _   made Mr. Clark work very difficult.
The possible answers are:
A:Important work
B:Working for a long time
C:Forgetting things
D:Bad conditionHello! My name is Zhao Na. I'm nine years old. I am in Rizhao Middle School in Shangdong. My English name is Julia. I like  green. My telephone number is 1238-6517. I have a good friend. She is English. Her name is Helen Smith. Her Chinese name is Wang Min. She is ten years old. She likes red. Her phone number is 2816-3018. Helen and I are in the same school.
The question is: Which isn't right?(?)
The possible answers are:
A:Helen isn't in China.
B:Helen and Zhao Na are good friends.
C:Julia's phone number is 1238-6517.
D:Helen's family name is Smith.Wang Yan, a 15-year-old Chinese girl, likes eating snacks very much. She prefers cream biscuits, McDonald's food, KFC chicken. As a result, she has become overweight.
Today in China, there are many children like Wang Yan. Health experts say that children should have healthy eating habits. First, they must eat regular meals and begin with a healthy breakfast. Second, they should have different kinds of foods, such as fruit, vegetables, grain, eggs, milk and meat. Third, children shouldn't eat too much junk food. It's delicious, but eating it often is bad for their health. If children do as the experts say, they won't become overweight. They will be healthier. Students won't become tired at school, and they will have enough energy to study hard.
The question is: Why has Wang Yan become overweight?
The possible answers are:
A:Because she doesn't like sports.
B:Because she likes eating vegetables
C:Because she likes eating snacks.
D:Because she likes eating fruit.People in the UK spend their free time in different ways. They usually use it to relax. They spend a lot of their free time at home. The most popular activity is watching TV. People in the UK watch TV for about 25 hours a week. They often record   programs so they can watch them later. Reading is also a popular way of spending free time. People in the UK spend a lot of time reading newspapers and magazines. Many people in the UK have pets. They like playing with their pets in their free time.
In summer, gardening   is popular. And families often have a "day out" on the weekend. They often go to a festival or see a show. Young people like to go to clubs, and people of all ages like to go to the cinema.
In winter, "do-it-yourself" is popular. People often spend their free time repairing   houses.
Some free time activities are with friends. Asking friends for a drink or a meal at home is the most usual one. Sometimes people and their friends have dinner in a restaurant.
On the weekend, people in the UK like to spend their free time doing sports. The popular kinds of sports are soccer, horse racing, swimming, tennis, skating, climbing and hill walking.
.
The question is: What is the passage mainly about?
The possible answers are:
A:People in the UK like making friends.
B:People in the UK enjoy different festivals.
C:What people in the UK do in their free time.
D:Why people in the UK have a lot of free time.On a hot summer day, ice-cold watermelons serve up a delicious treat. Sure, the rosy flesh   quenches your thirst  . But now there are more reasons than ever for people to reach for a slice of watermelon.
Meet Dr Alison Edwards. She is a scientist at the Agricultural Research Service. Scientists are people who come up with new ideas called theories  . They usually do scientific research to test their new theories. That's how they find out if a new idea is a good one, or if the new idea will bring an even better idea.
At her lab, Dr Edwards recently learned more about the secrets of why watermelons are good for you!
Dr Edwards has known for a long time that watermelons have vitamin C. But recently she learned that watermelons also have lycopene  . It is something that gives tomatoes and watermelons their rosy red colour.
What's so special about the lycopene in watermelons?
Dr Edwards says that watermelons and tomatoes both have lots of lycopene. It seems that your body can use the lycopene from watermelons more easily than the lycopene from raw   tomatoes. In fact, the lycopene from tomatoes is more easily absorbed   inside your body once they have been cooked.
The question is: To make full use of tomatoes, we'd better  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:eat them raw
B:not peel the
C:cook them first
D:make them into juiceI think lots of students like the pop singer named Jay. I also like him very much.
Do you know as a boy, Jay was called _ . But his mother noticed that the quiet, shy boy seemed to dance well when he heard the Western pop music. His mother sent him to a piano school when he was four. When he grows up, he has an ability for playing the piano beyond  his years. I learned to play the piano from 7 years old to 13 years old. I often feel bored when I practice playing the piano. But Jay was always crazy about playing the piano. I think he really likes music. He is my hero..
I admire  Jay. The real reason is when the others all denied  him, he never gave up. He tried his best to change his life. I think it is good for everybody. I hope that everyone can learn from him--try our best to do everything. Then I think we will be the winners.
The question is: What's the meaning of  _  here?
The possible answers are:
A:Generous
B:Polite
C:Clever
D:FoolishA  man went to see a doctor. "Open your mouth ", the doctor said. The man opened his mouth and the doctor looked in quickly.   "It's clear what's wrong with you .You need more exercise, " the doctor said.  "But doctor," the man said "I don't think ..." "Don't tell me what you think," " I am the doctor, not you. I know what you need  . I see hundreds of people like you. None of them get any exercise. They sit in offices all day and in front of theTV in the evening. What you need is to walk quickly for at least 20 minutes a day" "Doctor, you don't understand ," the man said, "I..." "I don't want to hear any excuses," the doctor said , " You must find time for exercise .If you don't  you will get fat and have health problems when you are older." " But I walk every day ,"the man said. "Oh, yes , and I know what kind of walk that is .You walk a few feet to the train station from your house, a few more feet from the station to your office, and a few more feet from your office to a restaurant for lunch and back. That's not real walking .I'm talking about a walk in the park for twenty minutes every day."" Will you listen to me , doctor !" the man shouted, getting angry with this doctor who thought he knew everything. "I m a postman"., the man went on, " and I walk for seven hours every day! It's my wife, she is ill."
The question is: The doctor thought many people had health problems only because they  _
The possible answers are:
A:did not have enough exercise
B:didn't like walking
C:spent much time watching TV.
D:were working in officesWaiters wanted
King Restaurant needs five waiters. If you want to find a new job, you can come here. Please call John at 678-5342. To get to the restaurant, you just have to cross North Road. It's next to the bank.
Teachers wanted
Do you want to be a teacher? Are you friendly to kids? Can you sing, dance or play the piano? We need a man teacher and a woman teacher to teach music. It's not difficult! Please call Mr. Clark at 415-3440.
My lost pet
My pet Nini is a small brown cat. I played ball games with Nini in Central Park last Saturday. Then she ran after the ball and did not come back. I am worried about her.
If you see her, please call Sara at 283-2585. Thank you!
Specials
We have some great specials. We have different kinds of noodles, dumplings and soup. Would you like a big bowl of noodles for 12 yuan or a small one for just 8 yuan? You can also order our delicious chicken soup. It's only 9 yuan. Welcome to our restaurant!
,.
The question is: . If you see Sara's pet, you can tell her   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:by mail
B:by phone
C:by e-mail
D:by letterAmerican schools must obey the classroom rules. Here are some of them.
If the teacher asks you a question, you should answer it at once. If you do not understand the question, you can put up your hand and ask the teacher to say it again.
You must not be absent (   ) on a test day. If you are seriously ill, let the teacher know. If your teacher allows _ , you'd better take the test within one or two days after you return to class.
It is rude ( ) to be late. If you are late, you should come into the classroom and go to your seat quickly. In the US it is not necessary to knock before you enter the classroom.
In America, you should call your teacher by his or her last name, not "teacher". Also you should use Mr, Miss, Ms or Mrs before the last name, such as Mrs Smith or Mr Jones.
In the US, it is impolite to eat, drink or chew gum (   ) during class. Don't do these until ( ) the break.
The question is: About American classroom rules, which is NOT right?
The possible answers are:
A:Do not eat anything during class.
B:Ask the teacher for leave ( ) because you're seriously ill.
C:If you don't understand the question, you can't ask the teacher to repeat (  ) it.
D:You can drink something during the break.On the first day of school, Jack found a little old lady with a warm smile."Hi, handsome. My name is Rose. I'm 87 years old."she said.
"Why are you in university at such a YOUNG age?" Jack asked.
"I'm here to meet a rich husband, get married, have a couple of kids, and then retired and travel." she answered.
Jack knew she's joking but he was surprised what encouraged her to be here at her age.
"I always dreamed of having a university education and now I'm getting one!" she told me. We became friends. Every day they would talk after class. Jack always enjoyed listening to this "time machine" as she shared her wisdom  and experience with him. And Rose easily made friends wherever she went.
At the end of the term, Rose was invited to make a little speech. She said, "We don't stop playing because we're old. We grow old because we stop playing. Being happy and achieving success may keep you staying young. If you have a dream, hold on. When you lose your dreams, you die."
"Anybody can grow older. _ doesn't take any talent  or ability. The idea is to grow up by always finding the chance in change..."
The question is: From this passage we know Rose believed  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:Easier said than done
B:Well begun is half done
C:It is never too late to learn
D:Reading makes a full manWe can see ads  everywhere. Here are four ads. Please read them carefully.
(1)WANTED
Are you hard-working? Do you like to meet people? If your answer is "Yes", then we have
a job for you as a waiter. Call AL Hotel at 8556779!
(2)SUMMER JOB
Do you like to talk with people? Do you like to write stories? If you want to
work for our magazine as a _ , please call Karen at 85558366.
(3)HELP WANTED
Do you like babies? Can you look after one baby for two days? If you are sure to take good
care of it, call us at 8766588. $80 or more.
Today! Hurry!
(4)CLEANER WANTED
Can you make a large house clean and tidy? If you hope to get the job paid at $ 20 once,
call us this evening 18:00~20:00. Tel: 8633800
The question is: If you like writing stories, you will be more interested in the job in  _   .
The possible answers are:
A:Ad(1)
B:Ad(2)
C:Ad(3)
D:Ad(4)Have you ever noticed how busy our roads are becoming? Every year more and more cars are using them. Already in such countries as America, almost every family has a car. Many accidents happen because cars are now made to travel very fast. Also, people waste time and money every day as long lines of cars move slowly into towns and cities. In most big towns it is very hard to find parking spaces.
Wide, smooth  , straight   roads must be built now in place of the old and narrow roads. These roads must not pass through towns and cities. They must not be crossed by other roads.
Today such roads are being built  in many countries in the world. These roads have at least two lanes , one for slow-moving traffic and the other for fast-moving traffic.
These roads do not pass through town and cities; horses and bikes are not allowed on them. Accidents do not usually happen. Cars can travel hundreds of miles without having to stop.
But these modem roads often cannot be built in towns and cities. Before a road in a town can be made wider, many buildings have to be pulled down.
Some people feel that more car-parks should be built outside a city, then the drivers should leave their cars and catch a bus or take a taxi to their offices.
The question is: It is hard to build new roads in towns because  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:horses and bikes go there
B:there are too many cars
C:there are too many people
D:many buildings have to be pulled downDear Sir,
Good day! I want to become a pilot  , because my cousin is a pilot . I think he is great. He is cool when he wears his pilot uniform. If I become a pilot , my parents will be proud  of me and I can travel around the world . I am in the third grade in a university. I'm tall with medium build; I'm quite healthy and strong. I like playing sports .If I have a chance to become a pilot, I will have a great time flying in the blue sky. I believe I can be a good pilot .The problem is that I can't  afford  my dream .You know, to be a pilot needs a lot of money. My parents are both workers. They don't have much money. Could you help me find a sponsor ( ),sir?
And how can I get a scholarship  ?
I am _ your help, sir?
If you have time, you can e-mail me at www,cn,com . Your help will mean a lot, sir.
Once again good day and thank you.
Yours   Wei
The question is: If one wants to help Wei ,he can   _   him .
The possible answers are:
A:call
B:e-mail
C:phone
D:faxDo you want to make friends with a special man? Here is some information about him.
He is quiet and shy. He likes to hide his eyes behind his hair. He doesn't smile very often. However, if you talk to him about music, he'll have a lot to say.
This is Jay Chou, the 34-year-old Taiwanese pop king . His fans are so excited because he will have a singing party next month. Many pop stars will come, too.
Chou grew up just with his mother. He did not talk much and did badly in many school subjects.  His mother noticed the boy's special interest in music and sent him to learn piano when he was only three years old. He loved it and kept on practicing.
Chou is not very handsome. He does not speak clearly when he sings or talks. But the singer has a lot of fans. "He is really good at music. It makes him attractive  to me, " said Liu Jiajun, a Junior 2 student in No. 101 Middle School in Beijing.  "He is true to himself. _ , "said Zhang Yujie, a Junior 1 girl at No.23 Middle School in Nanjing, Jiangsu Province.
The question is: From this passage, we know that Jay Chou  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:is very handsome
B:has a bright smile
C:often makes too much noise
D:is a pop music starMany people like to live in big cities, because there are a lot of interesting things to do and to see there. You can go to different kinds of museums, see plays and films. You can also buy things from all over the world.
But there are serious problems in big cities, too. It is expensive to live there. Every year many people move to the cities to find jobs, to study at good schools and to receive good medical care. But sometimes these people can't find jobs or good places to live. Also it is hard to keep the cities safe and clean.
Some people enjoy living in big cities. Others do not. Before people move to a big city, they should think about the problems of living there.
:1. serious adj.  2. medical care 3. hard adj. 
,.
The question is: Every year many people move to the cities to   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:find jobs
B:receive good medical care
C:study at good schools
D:A, B and CTrains have long been an important form of transportation. Yet they have changed a lot since 1804, when the first train moved at 8 km/hr. Today's high speed trains can go 300 km/hr or faster. Besides their speed, they have many advantages over other transportation types.
Japan built the world's first high speed railway. In 1964, Japan's "Shinkansen" trains started traveling between Osaka and Tokyo at 200 km/hr. Over time, more lines, as well as faster trains, were built.
Korea, England, and the USA, now have their own high speed systems. Taiwan Province's started running in 2007. Its trains are based on two types of Shinkansen trains. They can carry 989 people and travel from Taipei to Kaohsiung in less than two hours.
These systems are expensive to build, but they have many advantages. For example, they are good for the environment. Trains on the London to Paris line create 1/10 the pollution that planes create. High speed trains are also safer and cleaner than cars.
Super fast trains can even help a country's economy . They make it easier to travel to faraway places. That helps businesses and land values in those areas. It's no wonder so many countries are building their own high speed railways.
The question is: The world's first high speed trains started traveling at   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:8 km/hr
B:200 km/hr
C:300 km/hr
D:500 km/hrSally came to China last year. She is now living in Beijing and works in a computer company. She has been in the company for six months. The company is in the north of the city, and her flat is in the south. But Sally has never been late for work.
Sally is very popular in the company. She is kind to everybody and gets on well with her workmates. They often visit each other after work and talk about almost everything.
However, Sally has made a decision to leave the company. She is going to find a job as a tour guide. "If I work as a tour guide, I'll be able to meet more people and learn more about China," she told her friends.
Last Friday Sally had a talk with the manager of a travel agency. He seemed pleased with her Chinese. At the end of the talk, the manager said, "I'll call you up in a week and tell you the result." Now Sally is waiting for the answer.
The question is: Sally's   _   is good, so the manager will probably give her a chance.
The possible answers are:
A:Chinese
B:math
C:Japanese
D:PhysicsSchools and parents in Shenzhen City have been asked to take better care of children's eyesight as 45 percent of them were found to be shortsighted. Too much reading, poor lighting and too much TV are blamed . Of the city's high school graduates  who applied to study at colleges this summer, but now he gets up earlier.
The question is: The purpose  of this passage is to  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:criticize  children who are shortsighted.
B:blame parents and schools for children's being shortsighted.
C:ask the high school graduates to pay attention to their eyesight.
D:draw people's special attention to eye hygiene .Hi, I'm Liu Ying. This is my school. It's big and beautiful. There are twenty classes. There are nine hundred students in my school. There are four beautiful gardens in it. There is a building in my school. On the first floor, there are two offices and a hall. There are six classrooms on the first floor, too. On the second floor, there are fourteen classrooms. There are two toilets on the second floor. There is a big library and some reading rooms in my school, too.
The question is: Is there a building in the school?
The possible answers are:
A:No, there isn't
B:Yes, there is
C:Yes, there are
D:No, there aren't.Norman Bethune  Born in 1890 in Canada. A doctor Came to China in 1937. Died in 1939 in China.
Thomas Edison  Born in 1847, Kentucky, USA Made over 1,000 inventions .Died in 1931.
Celine Dion  Born in Quebec, Canada  In 1997, sang the song My Heart Will Go On for the film    Titanic   A singer.
Bill Gates    Born in 1955 in USA Wrote Business @ the Speed of Thought Owns Microsoft Company.
Mark Twain  Born in 1835 in USA A Writer Died in 1910 Wrote Tom Sawyer
The question is: Dr Bethune work in China for about   _   years.
The possible answers are:
A:2
B:4
C:6
D:8I often dreamed about Pisa when I was a boy .I read about the famous building called the Leaning Tower of Pisa. But when I read the word Pisa, I was thinking of pizza. I thought this tower was a place to buy pizza. It must be the best place to buy pizza in the world, I thought.
Many years later finally saw the Leaning Tower . I knew then that it was Pisa and no pizza. But there was still something special about it for me. The tower got its name because it really does lean to one side. Some people want to try to fix it. They are afraid it may fall over and they don't like it leans over city.
I do not think it's a good idea to try to fix it. The tower probably will not fall down. It is 600 years old. Why should anything happen to it now? And , if you ask me, I like what it looks like. To me it is a very human kind of leaning. Nothing is perfect, it seems to say.
And who cares? Why do people want things to be perfect? Imperfect things may be more interesting. Let's take the tower in Pisa. Why is it so famous? There are many other older, more beautiful towers in Italy. But Pisa tower is the most famous. People come all over the world to see it.
The question is: The Leaning Tower of Pisa is  _
The possible answers are:
A:modern
B:falling down
C:600 years old
D:60 years oldHave you ever wanted to see the Great Wall of China, or win an Oscar for Best Director, or swim with dolphins ? If so, you are not alone. We all have things we want to do or achieve. These are part of our "bucket lists". A bucket is a list of things that someone wants to experience in his or her lifetimes. These things can be big or small. Have you ever thought about what is on your bucket list?
Lindsay, 15, created her bucket list when she was 14. She has given her list serious thought. "I've always wanted to travel into space," she says. "I don't really want to be an astronaut. But I do want to go to space as a tourist. I want to see the Earth from above." Other things on her list include being on TV, seeing her favorite band in concert, learning how to speak Portuguese , and living in a foreign country. "I've always wanted to live in Brazil. As part of my bucket list, I want to attend Carnival in the capital of Brazil," she says.
Jose, 16, recently created a list of things he wants to achieve. It changes sometimes he adds and takes away things because he wants to keep the number of the things at seven. One thing has stayed at number one, though: he wants to visit a movie set . He would like to see the Harry Potter of The Hobbit movie sets. Other things on the list include being on TV, meeting his favorite sports star, living in a foreign country, skateboarding down a mountain, attending the World Cup, and backpacking across Europe. He would like to spend two months visiting Eastern Europe with his best friend Adam. "Maybe after I graduate from college," says Jose.
Carrie, 14, also has a bucket list. She first created it when she was 12. She would like to live in a foreign country for at least two years. She also wants to learn as many foreign languages as possible. But the number one thing on her list is to see her favorite band in concert. She also wants to go on a trip and to visit a movie set. Her favorite movies are the Hunger Games and Star Wars. Carrie is confident she will do most or all of the things on her bucket list. "I'm only 14," she says, "I have my whole life ahead of me!"
The question is: What can we learn from the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:Lindsay and Carrie both love music.
B:Jose and Carrie are both space fans.
C:All the three teens wants to visit movie sets.
D:Jose and Adam hope to live in a foreign country.Peter and I are good friends. Peter is an American boy. I am a Japanese girl. He is thirteen. I am twelve. We are in the same class,Class Two.
Peter has a nice clock. He likes it very much. He puts it on his desk. Every morning it wakes him up . I have a new watch. It looks beautiful. I wear it every day. It tells  me the time.
The question is: Peter and I are   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:sisters
B:teachers
C:friends
D:brothersWhen can I get a cell phone?" The answer is when your parents think you need one, though many kids seem to be getting them around age 12 or 13. Some younger kids may have them because their parents see it as a matter of safety and convenience. For example, a kid can call mom and dad when sports practice is over. And a cell phone can give kids almost instant access  to their parents if something goes wrong or they need help. It can give parents quick access to their kids so they can check on them and make sure they're OK.
If you do get a cell phone, make some rules with your parents, such as how many minutes you're allowed to spend on the phone, when you can use your phone, when the phone must be turned off, and what you will do if someone calls you too often, and so on.
You'll also have to learn to take care of the phone in your life. Keep it charged  and store it in the safe place so it doesn't get lost. And whatever you do, don't use it in the bathroom. I know someone who dropped her phone in the toilet!
The question is: Which might not be a rule for kids with a cell phone?
The possible answers are:
A:Keep it on all the time.
B:Make a call if something goes wrong.
C:Don't use it in the bathroom.
D:Take care not to lose it.For many years scientists have said that the earth is getting warmer. Now they have found something new-hot cities! In the southern US, they have found that cities become very hot in summer. For example, the city of Atlanta in Georgia has roof  temperature of up to 50oC while it is 27degC in the streets! At night, the outside of buildings stays so hot that the heat of the city causes storms over the city!
China also has the same kind of problems. Every year more farmland is used for factories or offices. More housing is needed, too. As people become richer, they buy more cars. New roads are needed and new car parks are built in the city centers. This all makes cities hotter.
It isn't easy to change the situation. City planners say that we should plant more trees in the middle of cities. Every new street should have trees on both sides, they say. Trees make the temperature lower, so we should have more trees in our parks and squares. We should also paint our roofs white. If we do this, they do not become so hot. Every roof in a hot and sunny country should have solar  roof panels. The electricity from these can be used to run the air conditioners  in the buildings.
People continue to cut down forests around the cities. This makes the problem worse. Cities are growing faster and faster. By the year 2025, four fifths  of the population will be living in cities. If we go on like this, there will not be enough farmland to feed everyone in the world
The question is: What is the best title for the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:More Farmland Is Needed
B:Trees Make Cities Cooler
C:Cities Are Getting Hotter
D:Scientists Are Worried About StormsOne morning , Mr. Black is driving in the country and looking for the Sun Hotel. When he sees an old woman on the side of the road, he stops his car and says to the woman, "Excuse me, I want to go to the Sun Hotel, do you know it?"
"Yes, "the woman says, "I'll show you the way. "She gets into Mr. Black's car, and they drive about twelve kilometers. When they come to a small house, the old woman says, "stop here. "Mr. Black stops, and looks at house. "But this is not a hotel. "He says to the old woman.
"No, "the old woman answers, "This is my house. And I'll show you the way to the hotel. Turn round and go back nine kilometers. Then you'll see the hotel!"
The question is: What's Mr. Black doing that morning?
The possible answers are:
A:He is walking in the country
B:He is working for a restaurant
C:He is looking for a hotel to live in
D:He is driving a small busRon loved basketball. One afternoon on his way to a basketball game, he was walking and dreaming about playing college basketball the following year. As Ron was walking to the game, a car hit him so hard that he was thrown three feet into the air.
Ron woke up in a hospital room. When he learned that both his legs were broken, he realized his college basketball dreams were over. Ron did what the doctors told him, but his progress was slow. When he left the hospital, Ron was sent to a health center for physical treatment.
A week after he arrived there, he met Sunny. Sunny was a coach.His legs were hurt  paralysed  from a skiing accident. Even though he couldn't move his legs, Sunny coached of a basketball team called the Suns. Everybody on the team played from a wheelchair. Sunny invited Tony to join the game. Tony played badly, but for the first time since the accident, he stopped feeling sorry for himself.
After becoming a part of the Suns, Ron improved quickly. Basketball was like   medicine for him. And whenever Ron became depressed or angry, Sunny was there to encourage and help him. The day before Ron left the center, he had dinner with Sunny. He asked Sunny how he managed to be generous and cheerful, even with his paralysis.
Sunny smiled and said, "It's really quite easy. When you keep your face to the sun, the shadows  fall behind."
The question is: What happened to Ron on his way to a basketball game?
The possible answers are:
A:A car hit him.
B:He met his coach.
C:His doctor called him.
D:He fell down and cut his foot.Have you thought of such questions as "Why do I have to study math?" or "I am not interested in history at all. My dream is to be an engineer.Should I give history up?"
Maybe you are right. After you leave school, it's necessary for you to understand such things. Please remember that at school, besides getting knowledge, you should pay attention to some other important things.
First, try to find what you are most interested in. At school, you study many subjects. Try to find which you like and which you don't like. This may be helpful to you in the future. Second, maybe you don't like math and you want to drop it. But the logical thinking ability from math can help you solve some problems. At school, you should practice your brain by thinking. Third, you should believe in yourself. Maybe you learn English at school, but you don't need to speak English in your daily life at all. You should think learning English can prove that you have the ability of learning languages. Suppose you go to France one day and find a job there. Then you can tell yourself, "I can do my job well. At school I learned English well, and now I must be able to learn French well, too." But if you have no confidence, what will happen?
Try to challenge yourself as often as possible. I think many of us like playing computer games. When we fail in a game, we always want to try it again. Why? Because we want to get the highest marks, though it is hard for us to get it. If we want to challenge ourselves, we must face more difficult things and make greatest progress.
The question is: Learning Engl ish well can help someone   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:have confidence in learning languages
B:go to France
C:study in a good school
D:get a good result in the exam.One morning, Bill said he was ill. His mother called a taxi and took him to the doctor. The doctor asked Bill, "What's the matter, young man?" Bill answered, "I'm feeling sick. I'm coughing  and having a headache . I won't be able to go to school today, I'm afraid." The doctor looked him over carefully, and then asked his mother, "What did he have for breakfast?" His mother said, "He had four pieces of dread, two eggs, a bottle of milk and an orange." The doctor smiled, "Don't worry. It's nothing serious. The boy will be all right after the football match." The mother said, "I don't understand, Doctor." The doctor smiled again," This afternoon, the biggest football game of the year will be on TV. Your boy doesn't want to miss it. I think he will be fine after the game. You wait and see."
The question is: In fact ,  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:there was something serious with Bill
B:Bill liked watching football matches better than going to school
C:Bill was an honest  boy
D:Bill's mother was a doctor and she knew Bill was not illMr. Jones and Mr. Brown work in the same office. One day Mr. Jones says to Mr. Brown, "I will have a small party at our house on Monday evening. Would you and your wife like to come?"
Mr. Brown says, "Thank you very much. I'd love to, but let me ask my wife first." So Mr. Brown goes to the other room and telephones his wife. Then he comes back and looks very  _ .
"What's the matter?" asks Mr. Jones. " Is your wife there at home?"
"No," answers Mr. Brown. "She isn't there. My son answers the telephone. I say to him, 'Is your mother here, David?' and he answers, 'No, she isn't in the house.' 'Where is she?' I ask. 'She is somewhere outside.' 'What's she doing?' 'She is looking for me.'"
The question is: Where is David?
The possible answers are:
A:He is in the office
B:He is at work.
C:He is at home.
D:He is outside.An explosion( )  from a factory in Kunshan killed at least 69 people and more than 120 people got hurt. China had its worst accident in industry on a Saturday in 2014.
The accident happened in Kunshan city, Jiangsu Province in China. And the explosion was from Zhongrong Metal Products Company, who makes car wheels for the U.S. The Kunshan government told us 264 workers were there when the explosion happened and 44 died at once. "We heard a really loud explosion at about 7 a.m. this morning, so we rushed out of our rooms, " said Zhou Xu, a 26-year-old worker at that company. Another worker said, "First the ambulance came and then many wives rushed to the factory to see if their husbands were okay."
Now, Shanghai government is sending doctors to Kunshan to save the wounded. And the doctor said the number of the dead may increase.
Chinese government is looking into the cause of the disaster. And President Xi also paid special attention to it. He said, " Those who are found responsible  must be punished."
The question is: Where did this accident happen?
The possible answers are:
A:Kunshan city in Jiangsu province.
B:Kunshan city in Hunan province.
C:Shanghai city in China.
D:Kunshan in Shanghai city.Whenever the house gets quiet, Mrs. Smith knows just where to find her 6-year-old daughter Maria: lost in the world of stories.
"I like to read every time of the day," said Maria, a student at Creel Elementary School in Australia.
Maria's headmaster, Mrs. White, wants each of her 850 students and their families to learn the love of reading this year. She wants reading at home to become an activity of choice in every family, even during holiday breaks. "I truly realize reading should be an important part of everyone's life, and nothing should stop it." said Mrs. White.
"The aim we want most of all is to help children understand they can enjoy reading, as well as practice their skills," said Hannas, an education researcher. He suggested parents take their children to the library and allow them to pick out books that interest them.
Each night, students take home two books to read with their parents or other family members. They have to return the books the next day with a signed note from their parents showing that the books were read, and have passing tests that check how well they understand the books.
"We're trying to get parents into the habit of reading with their kids." said the headmaster. "Nothing is better than sitting on a sofa with your child and reading and laughing."
Through books, Mrs. Smith, a parent, said she's able to give her two daughters more experiences than she could.
"I think reading opens all the doors and creates imaginations in children," she said, "I think if you read well, you can succeed in anything in life."
The question is: From the article, we know that the at-home-reading activity   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:can bring everything we want
B:has influenced the students at Creel Elementary School
C:helps family members understand each other better
D:makes parents understand school better"Please take my penny," said Maggie to old Dan, the fisherman, who sat on a bench repairing his nets.
Her brother Andrew drew her back, whispering, "Maggie, he is not a beggar  !"
But Maggie paid no attention. "Please take it," she said again. Old Dan smiled, and took it. "Thank you, little miss," he said, "It is kindly meant."
After that, Maggie went to the beach to gather shells. She never thought how fast the hours were passing until being tired, she sat down on a rock beside a little pool. Soon she was scared by a noise near her, and Dan's large dog Rover jumped down from a rock!
He licked her hands and made a loud noise, and then began gently to pull her coat. "Rover wishes me to come away, I see," she said, and she rose from the rock and began to go home. However, that was not so easy as she had expected. She found the places she had gone down easily very difficult to climb up, and as the tide   had been coming in for some time. She found some of the stones wet and smooth.
What could poor Maggie do? She felt sad and cried, but the waves made a much louder noise than she could make, and perhaps she would have been drowned   without good wise Rover.
Rover jumped upon a big stone and raised his loud bark until even the waves could not drown it.
The fisherman had taken his nets to the top of the cliffs  , and was laying them out in the sun when he heard the loud barking of a dog. He felt sure that it was Rover, and Rover in trouble, so, going to the edge of the cliffs, he looked over. There he saw it all--Rover barking for help, and the little child standing beside him.
"Bless her! It is the little one that was so kind-spoken to me this morning!" he cried, and he hurried to his sons' home.
"Quick, boys, quick!" he said. "Get to the boat, and row fast to the bay  . There is a poor child there just waiting to be drowned." The fishermen lost no time, and soon little Maggie and Rover were rowed safely to land! Old Dan was waiting there to lift her out, and give her into her mother's arms.
"It was the penny that did it, madam," he said to Mrs. Weston later. "I saw Rover looking at her when she put the penny so kind-like into my hand--just as if he would have said, 'Rover will be your friend now, little girl.' And I am thinking he had been looking after her all the day, for he never came near me after that."
Some years later, Rover came to Maggie's home with a little note, in which was written-- "Will Maggie help Rover?--his master is dead."
The question is: From the end of the story, we can guess that   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:Maggie refused to be Rover's new master
B:Rover felt sad about Mrs. Western's death
C:Rover lived with Old Dan until his master died
D:Maggie became Rover's master at once after she was savedChina's New Voice
Three months ago,Liang Bo was just a student who was studying music in the college. Now he becomes " The Voice of China". The lucky young man is the winner of The Voice of China, the most popular TV show this summer. People think Liang's voice is natural, clear and touching.
The 21-year-old boy was born in Changchun, Jilin. Like many other young Chinese, he fell in love with music by playing the guitar. Liang got his first guitar as a birthday gift when he was in middle school. He spent days and nights practicing. " I can't live without my guitar."He said.
Many people think Liang Bo is just like famous Chinese rock singers such as Xu Wei, Wang Feng and Zheng Jun. But the young man doesn't want to stand in others' shadow ." I like them, but I'm not going to copy  them. I will be who I am." he said.
The question is: He likes  _  very much.
The possible answers are:
A:playing basketball
B:playing chess
C:playing the guitar
D:playing the pianoGoing to a new school can be difficult, but this passage will help you in the beginning. Here is something to help you to fit in .
First, take a day to enjoy your school. You won't fit in at school if you don't know the school. Ask for a school map. Try to get to know every corner of your new school. A good school handhook can be of great help. But to make it easy, ask the people near you where something is--tell people that you are new when you need help.
Be nice to everyone. Be nice to everyone, the young or the old, because they might just be your next teacher or friend.
Get to know your teachers and pay attention in class. Teachers always pay attention to  new students, Talk to them and find out more about them. Never test their limits --don't go too far, or you may end up getting into trouble 
You need to make friends. Talk to different people. Be yourself and don't lie. This is YOUR school now, take a chance  on being who you weren't at your old school. Join a few clubs or sports teams and make more friends in this way.
Be yourself and be polite. Don't worry too much about what people think of you. Be true, be yourself, and be nice to everyone, no matter how mean (unfriendly) they may seem at first. It's often the "girl/boy that I didn't like at my new school" that ends up being my friend after a little while. But then again, don't be afraid to stand up for yourself if it's very clear that you should.
Work hard to fit in while still being yourself. The first few weeks are always hard, but you'll soon get used to it.
The question is: It is very easy to find places in your new school by   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:looking at a map
B:asking people for help
C:reading a handbook
D:walking around the schoolIt was Sunday and Tom was staying home. After breakfast he went out into the garden and played quietly by himself. There were no kids around and he was used to playing alone quietly. He played with Bobby, the dog. He climbed up and down the trees. Sometimes a bird would come down to perch on top of the doghouse.
Then Tom would have the greatest fun by throwing a stone or something at it. Though he never made it, he did like doing this kind of things.
Now Tom had been in the garden for half an hour. Suddenly a crack was heard and the little boy began crying.
"What's the matter, Tom?" his mother looked through the kitchen window.
Tom ran into the kitchen.
"Mum," he sobbed , "I broke Bobby's plate. I didn't know it was so fragile ."
His mother put her arms round him and said, "Don't feel too bad, Tom. We have other plates for Bobby. But how did you break that one?"
"I throw this at a bird but missed, and it went straight to the plate." In Tom's hand was his father's gold pocket watch. !
The question is: How long had Tom been in the garden when his mother heard him cry?
The possible answers are:
A:An hour
B:A day
C:Two hours
D:Half an hourMr Brown was going away for a week. Before he left, he said to his son, "if anyone asks for me, you can tell him that your father has been out for doing something, and will be back in a week, then be sure to ask him to sit down for a cup of tea."
"OK, Dad," said his son. But he was afraid his son couldn't remember this, he wrote these words down on a piece of paper and gave it to him. His son put it into his small pocket, took it out and looked at it every now and then.   Four days passed, but no one came to see his father. The boy thought that there was no man to come and that the piece of paper was of no more use for him, so he burnt it that evening
The next afternoon, someone knocked at the door. The boy opened it. A man was standing at the door and said, "Where is your father?" The boy put his hand into his pocket at once and looked for the piece of paper. He could not find it. He suddenly remembered he had burnt it, so he shouted, "No more."   The man was very surprised. He asked, "No more? I met your father last week. When did it happen?"   "Burnt yesterday evening."
The question is: The man was very surprised because   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:he thought the child's father was dead
B:the child didn't ask him to sit down
C:the child gave him a cup of tea
D:he couldn't find that piece of paperBruno was a boy of eight. His father worked in a cinema and his mother worked in a shop. He lived not far from his school. He always walked there and walked home. On his way to school he had to pass a playground. It was very wet after it rained. One day, when he got home, his clothes were all wet. His mother became angry and said, "Don't play in the water on your way home from school!" On the next day Bruno came home with wet and dirty clothes. His mother became even angrier. "I 'll tell your father if you come back wet again." said his mother. "He will punish you, you know."
The third day the little boy was dry when he came home.
"You 're a good boy today." His mother said happily. "You didn't play in the water."
"No, "the boy said unhappily. "There were too many older boys in the water when i got there this afternoon. There wasn't any room for me at all."
The question is: Bruno was afraid of   _   the most.
The possible answers are:
A:his father
B:his mother
C:his teacher
D:the older boysI'm a Chinese girl. At school I have two good friends. Their names are Lucy and Lily. They are Americans. They are twins. They're eleven. They are good girls. Miss Gao is our English teacher. She is a good teacher. We like her very much. She likes us very much, too.
We go to school at seven in the morning. At four o'clock we play games. At four thirty in the afternoon we go home. We are very happy.
The question is: The twins are   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:an English girl
B:an American girl
C:American girls
D:American girl150 Years of Cool
Look in the bedrooms of young people around the world. You will probably find a pair of blue jeans in each room. Jeans are very popular all over the world.
Jeans give you the feeling of comfort, youth and energy. They have long been liked by every person.
Levi Strauss is an American company. It first made blue jeans. The company was founded in 1853 by 24-year-old Levi Strauss. Twenty years later, he made the first blue jeans in the world. The jeans were used as working trousers for the cowboys of the American West. During the Second World War, American soldiers brought blue jeans to Europe and Asia. People there began to wear jeans. Little by little, they become cool.
People from different countries like different styles of jeans. Americans like to wear simple and single-colored jeans, but many Chinese like to wear jeans with lots of different colors.
Jeans now can be seen everywhere: However, in many places, it's not always good to wear jeans. No matter how good they may look, or what color they are, it's often not right to wear jeans in formal places. But, when you are out, relaxing and having fun, jeans are the best choice.
The question is: _   wore jeans after they were first made.
The possible answers are:
A:American soldiers
B:American cowboys
C:Levi Strauss
D:The people in EuropeIt was hard being the younger of two sisters. I got all the hand-me-downs  . I never got to do anything first and my teachers always said, "Oh, you're Jenny's little sister." "No, I am Lauren!" I never liked being the younger. Jenny and I got along with a few fights here and there.
Then a few years ago, Jenny and I were in a car accident. She was okay, but I had a large scar   on my face. I was very sad. Jenny told me I shouldn't worry about the scar.
One day we were riding home from school on the bus. A boy named Jordan made fun of me about my scar. This went on for about a month. Finally I broke down and told Jenny about him. She was angry.
When Jordan made fun of me the next time, Jenny stood up, walked to where he was sitting and said something into his ear. I didn't know exactly what she said, but Jordan never said a single word to me again.
So, even though getting all of the hand-me-downs might not be the best, I was very happy to have a big sister like Jenny.
When anyone asks now, I will tell them, "Yes, I'm Jenny's little sister."
,.
The question is: . On the bus, Jordan often  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:made fun of Lauren
B:helped Lauren
C:made fun of Jenny
D:helped JennyA leading biologist has found the angels and fairies that sit at top of Christmas trees did not get there under their own power.
Prof Roger Wotton, from University College London, found that flight would be impossible for angels with arms and bird-like feathered wings.
"Angels cannot take off and cannot use powered flight," said Prof Wotton. "They would need to be exposed to very high wind velocities at take off - such high winds that they would be blown away."
Some the world's most famous religious paintings and architecture make most Americans believe in angels.
The study found that 68 per cent of the 36,000 adults thought that angels and demons   were at work in the world.
According to the latest study, angels lack the powerful muscles which allow birds to beat their wings.
Prof Wotton's paper explores why there are so many stories about angels. "Angels are very powerful religious icons for people with faith. Their similarity to humans adds to their power. At the same time, they have wings on them because they are more than human. They take messages to heaven and therefore have to fly." said the academic.
The question is: Which of the following is True?
The possible answers are:
A:Angels can't fly because they lack the powerful muscles which allow birds to beat their wings.
B:Most Americans don't believe in angels.
C:Angels can take off and can use powered flight.
D:Angels are not the same to the humans.Think about the different ways that people use the wind. You can use it to fly a kite or to sail a boat. Wind is one of our cleanest and richest power sources, as well as one of the oldest. Something shows that windmills  began to be used in ancient Iran back in the seventh century BC. They were first introduced to Europe during the 1100s, when armies returned from the Middle East with knowledge of using wind power.
For many centuries, people used windmills to make wheat into flour  or get water from deep underground. When electricity was discovered in the late 1800s, people living in faraway areas began to use them to produce electricity. This allowed them to have electric lights and radio. However, by the 1940s when electricity was available to people in almost all areas of the United States, windmills were hardly used.
During the 1970s, people started becoming more cared about the pollution that is created when coal and gas are burned to produce electricity. People also realized that the supply of coal and gas would run out one day. Then, wind was rediscovered, though it means higher costs. Today, there is a global movement to supply more and more of our electricity through the use of wind
The question is: What is the best title for this passenger?
The possible answers are:
A:The clean and rich wind power
B:Windmills were used everywhere
C:The development of the wind power
D:Windmills and the heavy pollutionHello! I'm Tom. This is a pencil box. It's orange. It's my pencil box. What's in the pencil box? A ruler is in the pencil box. It's my ruler. The ruler is blue and red. That is a pencil in my pencil box. It's black and white. It is not my pencil. Look! That girl
is Lucy. It is her pencil. I find a green pen in the pencil box, too. It's Tim's. I call
Tim at 759-631. It is his telephone number.
The question is: What color is Lucy's pencil?
The possible answers are:
A:Orange
B:Blue and red
C:Red
D:Black and whiteOnce upon a time two friends lived in a palace . They both worked for the King . One of them liked a girl and wanted to give her a present .
One day , he was walking with his friend in the main palace hall , and he saw a big vase filled with the loveliest flowers he could imagine . He decided to take one to the girl , thinking that no one would see him to so . He did the same thing the next day , and the next .... until one day , the King noticed how few flowers were left in the vase . He was so angry that he called everyone in the palace to assemble .
When they were all before the King , the boy wanted to tell the truth . However , his friend told him to be quiet . But when the King came near , he decided to _ .
As soon as the boy said that he had done it , the King was angry . But on hearing what the boy has done with the flowers , the King said , " I couldn't have thought of a better use for my flowers . "
From that day , the boy and the King became great friends . They went to take two of those wonderful flowers , one for the girl and the other for the Queen .
Overcoming fear to tell the truth is difficult , but in the end it isn't so bad .
The question is: The boy took the flower for   _   .
The possible answers are:
A:his mother
B:the king
C:a girl
D:his friendThis is a picture of a classroom. The classroom is big and clean. You can see a teacher's desk, five desks and six chairs. You can see a girl and a boy, too.
Three books are on the teacher's desk. A pencil box is on the desk. Two pens and two rulers are in the pencil box. A schoolbag is under a chair. A ball is on the floor. The girl is Linda; she is 11. The boy is Mike, he is 12. They are in Class Two, Grade one. They are friends. Their teacher is Miss Green. She is not here.
The question is: _  is not in the picture.
The possible answers are:
A:Mary
B:Miss Green
C:Linda
D:MikeJoan is an American girl. She lives in China now. She is in my class. Her parents work in China, too, but her brother works in the U.S.A. He often writes letters to them. Joan likes Chinese class very much, and likes speaking Chinese with us after class. Her father teaches us English well. We all like his class. Her mother is a nurse. On Sundays, Joan goes to the People's Park with her father and mother. Sometimes she goes shopping with her mother. They like the Chinese food very much. It's a happy family.
The question is: Joan likes speaking   _  with us after class.
The possible answers are:
A:Chinese
B:English
C:French
D:JapaneseA young American doctor was sleeping when suddenly his doorbell began to ring. It was already midnight, but what could the doctor do? He had to get up, put on his coat and go downstairs. When he opened the door, he saw a man standing with a hat in his hand. "How do you do?" said the man. "Can you come at once to a place out of town? It's quite far but you have a car and I can show you the way."
"Certainly," said the doctor. "I'm quite ready. I can come at once." After a few minutes the car was standing at the front door, the man got into the doctor's car, and they drove off. They drove on for a long time. Then the man said, "Here we are. This is my home. Now I can pay you and you can go back to the town."
"I must see the patient. How can I go back without seeing the patient?"
"There is no patient," explained the man. "Nobody is ill. I live here, you see, and I must get home from a town, There are no taxis this time of the night, but a doctor often _ , so excuse me. Here is money. Thank you, doctor. Good night."
,.
The question is: What was the doctor doing when the doorbell started to ring?
The possible answers are:
A:He was sleeping upstairs.
B:He was sleeping downstairs.
C:He was working upstairs.
D:He was working downstairs.Teahouses in Chengdu
There is a saying, "China has the best teahouses in the world and Chengdu has the best teahouses in China."Chengdu has not only many teahouses but also the special ways of serving and drinking tea.
As soon as the visitors enter the teahouses, the waiters or waitresses will greet them with teapots and cups in their hands. The cups often have special covers and saucers . The covers can keep the water warm.
People who go to the teahouses are not all thirsty. Retired people pay a little money to the teahouses and then sit there all day long to chat with others. Sometimes, people have parties in the teahouses. They eat fruit and sunflower seeds while they chat and return home when they are tired. Teahouses are also good places for people to talk about businesses. Some of the teahouses even have stages for performances, such as storytelling, cross talk and Sichuan Opera. Sometimes when people have a quarrel, a mediator will bring them to the teahouse. After their problem is solved, the person who is wrong will pay for the tea. It is interesting that as soon as the quarrelers enter the teahouse and sit down to drink tea, they have almost calmed down. With the help of the mediator, their problems can be easily solved then. Maybe we can say the teahouses have some special social functions.
The question is: Chengdu has the best teahouses in China because   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:the serving of the teahouses in Chengdu is very special
B:there are many people in Chengdu teahouses
C:there are many old men in Chengdu teahouses
D:the cups in Chengdu teahouses are oldDo you know there are two kinds of football games? One is American football  , and the other is soccer .In China many young men like playing soccer. It is very popular. But the Chinese don't call it soccer. They call it football. There are eleven players in each team. And the ball is round. Only the goalkeeper  can touch the ball with his hands. The other players can't touch the ball with their hands.
In America, soccer is not very popular. They like playing American football. It is very different. The ball is not round. It is like a big egg. There are also eleven players in each team. All the players can touch the ball with both feet and hands.
The question is: How many players are there in a soccer team?
The possible answers are:
A:Eight.
B:Twenty-two
C:Eleven
D:Twenty.How do you get across a river? A bridge is the best way. In some places, there are no bridges. People use the ferry . A ferry is a boat that takes people and cars across the river.
Both ends of a ferry look the same. The ferry never has to turn around. It docks at one side of the river. People and cars get on. At the other side, the ferry docks again. The people and cars get off. Other cars and people get on. And then the ferry goes back across the river.
In many places, bridges are now taking the place of ferries. In 1964, the longest bridge in the world was built in New York over Now York Bay . It is called the Verrazano-Narrows Bridge. This bridge has two roads, one over the other. Each road is wide enough for six lanes of traffic.
The question is: We can infer that   _   according to the passage.
The possible answers are:
A:the shortest bridge in the world was built in New York
B:it may be faster to cross rivers on bridges than on ferries
C:there is a bridge over every river in the United States
D:we don't need ferries any moreAmericans have used colours to create many expressions they use every day.
We say we're "in the pink" when we are in good health. It is easy to understand how this expression was born. When my face has a nice fresh, pink colour, it is a sign which shows my health is good.
The colour green is natural for trees, it is an unnatural colour for humans. When someone doesn't feel well, for example, we say he looks green. When someone is angry because he doesn't have what someone else has, we say he is "green with envy".
Some people are "green with envy" because someone else has more dollars, or "greenbacks". Dollars are called "greenback" because that's the colour of the backside of the money.
Blue is a cool colour. The traditional blue music of American blacks is the opposite of red hot music. It is slow, sad and soulful  . To be blue, of course, is to be sad.
The colour black is often used in expressions. People describe a day in which everything goes wrong as a "black day". A "black sheep" is the member of a family or group who always seems to be in trouble. If someone meets a "black cat", something unlucky might happen to him. Not all the "black" expressions have bad meanings. A company "in the red" is losing  money. If someone tells you to put someone "in black and white", they want you to write it down.
The question is: I was really   _   when I saw his nice new car.
The possible answers are:
A:red
B:blue
C:green
D:blackA farmer bought an old and run-down farm. The fields were grown over with weeds, the farmhouse was falling apart, and the fences  were broken all around. The roads were hidden because of the grass that were growing madly. And there were not any animals on it. However, the farmer planed to turn it into a pleasant and loving place.
During his first day of work, the town preacher  passed by. He looked at the farmer and then the mess, saying, _ 
A few months later, the preacher stopped by again to call on the farmer. He was so surprised to see a completely different place -- the farmhouse is rebuilt and in excellent condition, there were plenty of cows, sheep, hens and other livestock eating happily in the fence which had already been well repaired, and the fields were filled with crops planted in rows. A lot of flowers and small trees were growing along the road. He even saw some ducks swimming in a small pool. "Amazing!" the preacher said. "Look what God and you have finished together!"
"Yes, " answered the farmer, "but remember what the farm was like when God was working it alone!"
The question is: What happened to the farm a few months later?
The possible answers are:
A:The farm became a completely different place.
B:The farmer rebuilt the house and feed many livestock.
C:The fields were filled with crops, and flowers and trees are around the roads instead of wild grass.
D:Both A, B and CJenny and Henry were born on the same day and they look the same. Their father is a taxi driver and he is busy all the time. He goes out early in the morning, but comes back when his children are sleeping in bed. He makes a lot of money but he doesn't talk with them about their study. The two children study in the same class. Jenny works hard at her lessons, but her brother likes nothing but playing. He is not good at writing compositions  .
One day Mrs. Cook told her class to write a composition "My Mother". After supper Jenny wrote one in her exercise book and then went to help her mother to do some housework. But Henry went to play football. When night fell, he came back to watch TV until the TV play was over. And he took off his clothes and went to bed, he remembered the composition and had to go to the sitting room again. But he didn't know how to write it. He thought hard and at last he found a way. He found Jenny's schoolbag and brought out her exercise book and copied   her composition.
Two days later Mrs. Cook asked Henry, "Can you tell me why your composition is the same as Jenny's?" "Yes, I can, madam," answered Henry. "We have the same mother. "
The question is: What can we learn from the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:The twins' father loves Jenny better.
B:Jenny is better than Henry at school.
C:Henry is a good boy.
D:Mrs. Cook doesn't know Jenny and Henry are from the same family.Many people don't think that the number 13 is a lucky number. Many hotels do not have a 13th floor. The floors go from 12 to 14, and there is no number13. Some people will never sit at a table with 12 other people. They will tell someone to go or ask another person to sit with them.
No one really knows why people do not like the number 13. Perhaps one reason is that when people began to count, they used ten fingers and two hands. This made 12. They could not count more.
Some Christians   say that 13 is not lucky because there were 13 people at a meal the day before Jesus   was killed  . In a story about the old Greek   gods, 12 gods were asked to a meal but one more came. This made 13. It is why the god Balder, who was at the meal, was killed.
The question is: Some people will never sit at a table with twelve other people, or   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:they will never come for dinner together
B:they will ask one of them to leave
C:all of them will leave
D:they will wait for two other people to comeHong Kong Disneyland opened its door to the public on September 12, 2005. It's the first Disneyland in China as well as the cheapest on in the world.
Ticket prices have also been set  for Hong Kong Disneyland, the fifth theme   park in the world. On weekdays, adults will pay 295 HK dollars, children aged between 3 and 11 will pay 210 HK dollars and old people aged 65 or above will pay only 170 HK dollars. At weekends, public holidays and golden week holidays, adults will pay 350 HK dollars, 250 HK dollars for children and 200 HK dollars for the old. Children under the age of three will get in for free.
The famous action movie star Jacky Chen has been named spokesperson for Hong Kong Disneyland. He got it not only because of his great influence  in Hong Kong and across Asia, but mainly because of his love for his family and his love to help others.
The question is: How many Disney theme parks were there in the world at the end of 2005?
The possible answers are:
A:1.
B:3.
C:5.
D:4.Hongkong has about forty beaches. They are open to all people. Some of the beaches are the best in the world. People can go there for a swim. You can go to most of them by bus. To go to some beaches you have to take a boat. There are toilets, clothes changing rooms and places to buy food and drinks on most of the beaches.
You will swim there safely if you do as the following:
1. Don't swim alone. You should go with an adult or your friends.
2. Don't swim right after a meal or when you are hungry or tired.
3. You should not stay in the water too long.
4. Do not go out in a boat if you can't swim or if you're not wearing a life jacket.
Remember: A red flag  means that it is dangerous for anyone to go into the water. A blue flag means that it is dangerous for children and weak swimmers to enter the sea.
The question is: The writer wants to tell us   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:something about Hong Kong beaches and swimming rules there
B:that swimming in Hong Kong is dangerous
C:that Hong Kong has many best beaches in the world
D:it is not easy to go swimming in Hong KongSome people say that today, reading is not as important as it was. These days we have photographs, films, radio and television. Why read a description of something when you can look at a photograph? Why read a newspaper when the latest news is brought to us every hour on radio and TV?
Photography was certainly a wonderful invention. Photographs can give a very clear idea of places and of people that we have never seen. An encyclopedia   , for example, is always better when it has good illustrations. But we also need words to explain the photographs and drawings. A photograph of an elephant may give us a very good idea of what an elephant looks like, but it tells us nothing about the different sorts of elephants there are and where they are found, their exact size and weight, how they can be useful to man and so on.
In the same way, a good film has action, movement, color, and maybe music. These are things we do not find on the printed page. But reading a novel has certain advantages over watching even an excellent feature film. Reading a novel requires imagination. Each of us imagines a story differently.
Watching news on television can certainly be exciting. But we need newspapers as well. Some important news stories happen when there are no cameras around. More importantly, a newspaper does not just report the news. It explains why something has been happening. It also contains interesting articles on different subjects. Newspapers are an important part of our lives, if we want to understand what is going on in the places we live as well as in other parts of the world.
Reading is very important for information and pleasure. We need to be good readers to enjoy a full life as human beings. Reading is a skill and like other skills, it needs practice. The more we read, the better readers we become. And the better readers we become, the more we enjoy reading! The secret is to get the reading habit. Read at least a little every day.
The question is: What are the advantages of novel over a feature film?
The possible answers are:
A:There are more interesting subjects in novels.
B:We do not hear any music in a novel.
C:Novels always explain what is happening.
D:Novels make us use our imagination.I'm Marie. I work in a nursing home   and my job is to look after the old people. Alice is one of them. She's a very nice old woman.
This year, Alice had a difficult time. She went to hospital twice. In November, I finally could get her back to her "home".
Alice hoped that her daughter could come to visit her on Christmas Eve because she wanted to be with her family, like the old days. But her daughter was coming after Christmas, so she was very sad. I also felt sad because she would be alone on the holiday!
On Christmas Eve, I took her to a candlelight service   at church that night.
I didn't take her to my church. I took her to the church in her old neighborhood. We got there early and I let her sit near the door, so people could see her when they came in. Soon some of her friends came to the church and they all talked to her and sat with her.
Alice got a lot of love from her old and new friends there. She said she loved the gift like this. That night, I thought I got the best gift: the smile on Alice's face.
.
The question is: Marie spent the Christmas Eve  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:in the nursing home
B:in a church
C:in her house
D:in a hospitalI used to hate my mother because she worked a lot and didn't spend much time with me. Then one Friday morning I took part in a three-day self-help program for teenagers. Whether you believe it or not, that weekend changed my life.
About 100 other teenagers were there. During the first two days I met a lot of great people. I was glad because I made so many friends there.
On Sunday, the leader did an interesting exercise called "Chocolate or Toys". He asked a girl which she liked better, chocolate or toys. She chose chocolate. Then he asked her to choose again between chocolate and chocolate. Of course, she didn't have a choice.
This exercise told us that sometimes we don't have a choice in life, and that sometimes we have to accept something, rather than complaining .
A girl stood up and started talking about her mom who was a drug addict  and how much she hated her mother.
"I want a new mom," she cried.
"Unluckily, you can't have one," the leader replied.
"You have to accept the mother that you have."
This hit me hard. I realized that, for better or worse, my mom was my mom. I couldn't choose another mom, but I could try to make the best of the situation.
The question is: The writer used to hate his mother because   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:she didn't care for him.
B:she had no time to be with him
C:she was a drug addict.
D:she was too strict with him.Smith had a small garden, and in spring she planted some vegetables in it. She looked after them very carefully, and when summer came, they looked very nice.
One evening Mrs. Smith looked at her vegetables and said: " Tomorrow I am going to pick them, and then we can eat them."
But early the next morning, her daughter ran into the kitchen and shouted , "Come quickly! Our neighbor's  ducks are in the garden and they are eating our vegetables."
Mrs. Smith ran out, but it was too late! All the vegetables were finished! Mrs. Smith cried and made her neighbor very sorry, but that was the end of the vegetables.
Then several days before Christmas, the neighbor gave  Mrs. Smith a parcel . In it was a beautiful, fat duck, and on it was a piece of paper with the words, " Enjoy your vegetables."
,
The question is: Mrs. Smith's neighbor feels   _   for it.
The possible answers are:
A:sorry
B:interesting
C:proud
D:sadGood evening, ladies and gentlemen. I'm Roy Darby, and this is my show. This is a television show for all the families and I know you're going to enjoy it.
Let's start with a story I heard the other day about a very proud pig. This pig lived on a farm with a lot of other animals. And of all the animals on the farm, he thought he was the most important. But it was not enough that he himself thought this way. He had to be sure that the other animals thought so, too. So he went up to one of the chickens and asked, "Who is the most important animal on the farm?" Straight away, the chicken answered, "You're, Master." Then he asked one of the farm dogs and he got the same reply.
Next, he asked a cow. When the cow seemed uncertain of the right answer, the pig looked angry and showed his teeth. "Oh, you are, of course, Master Pig," said the cow. "Of course," the pig said. "There is no doubt about it."
At last, the pig asked a big horse, "Who is the most important animal on the farm?" The horse lifted one foot, rolled the pig over, and placed his foot on the pig's head. "All right," said the pig, "you don't have to do that just because you don't know the answer."
The question is: When the pig put his question to the chicken ,the chicken   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:give him the answer that he wanted
B:went up to him and answered him
C:said that she was more important
D:said that the pig was as important as the chicken.I come from Holland  . In our country, there are plenty of _ . There are more than 2,000 windmills in Holland. These windmills make electricity   for the country.
It is a small country in Europe. About 20% of its land comes from the sea. The population of Holland is only 16,000,000.
The weather is very nice, so the flowers can grow very well. Maybe you like roses, kapoks or lilies. However, the tulip is a symbol   of the country. People celebrate Tulip Festival every year. There are a lot of cows in this country. You can enjoy good milk and cheese here.
You can go everywhere by train, taxi, underground or ship. They are fast and convenient. People here also love to ride bikes. Riding a bike is free and relaxing.
What do children do when they pass their exam? They often hang a schoolbag and a national flag at the gate! Come and have a good time in Holland!
The question is: How many ways of travelling in Holland does the writer tell us?
The possible answers are:
A:3
B:4
C:5
D:6Last summer, 15-year-old Bob had a problem. Like a lot of children, Bob was interested in doing many things. He liked dancing most and wanted to join a dancing group. But Bob's high school didn't have a boys' dancing group but a girls' group. He tried to join the girls' group. And he made it.
Bob thought his problem was over after he had been one of the dancers in the dancing group. But a bigger problem was just beginning. The school didn't allow Bob to stay in the girls' group. "If we let Bob stay in the group," the school said, "other boys will want to join, too. Soon, there won't be any girls in the group." They took Bob off the group.
Bob was very angry about it, so he went to a judge . The judge said it was not a right decision and told the school to let Bob go back to the dancing group.
The question is: It was difficult for Bob to join the school dancing group because   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:the school only had a girls' dancing group
B:the school didn't allow boys to dance
C:the group had enough dancers already
D:he was not a good dancerHi! I'm Jack. I'm in a new school this term. Now let me tell you about my school now. My new school is big and nice. There are one thousand and four hundred students and one hundred and forty teachers in my school. I like the teachers. They are very kind to me. My classmates are very friendly , too. They teach me Chinese and I teach them English.
There are trees, flowers and green grass in my school. They are very beautiful. Behind my school there is a small river. The water in it is quite clean. We can swim in it.
We have no classes on Saturdays or Sundays. Sometimes I go to play football or basketball with my classmates. Sometimes I stay at home and watch TV. Sometimes I go to shops with my father and mother. We all like China.
The question is: There are  _  students and  _  teachers in Jack's school.
The possible answers are:
A:1;400;104
B:1;040;104
C:1;040;140
D:1;400;140One day a great general  asks his soldiers , "What is the strongest power in the world?" Four of his soldiers put up their hands. They want to answer the question.
The general asks the first man to speak. The first man is youngerst, and he is not strong. He says, "My gun is the strongest . It can kill anyone." "Thank you. Next, please." The second man is very strong. He says, "I don't think so. Soldiers use guns. So the soldier is the strongest."
The third man says, "Soldiers use guns, but our general gives orders . So I think our general is the strongest."
The fourth man is the oldest. He says, "Love is the strongest. For love, people don't use guns." The general says noting. He takes out a medal and gives it to him.
The question is: The youngest man thinks   _   is the strongest power in the world.
The possible answers are:
A:the general
B:a solider
C:a gun
D:loveHello, boys and girls. I have a photo. Let's have a look at it. This is me. My name is Jack. I'm in No.1 Middle School. This is my mother. She is a Chinese teacher. And this is my father. He is tall and strong. He is an English teacher. My mother and my father are not in my school. Look at the girl. She is my sister, Mary. She is clever. Mary has a dog. It's Spotty. Spotty is my good friend too. All of us are very happy.
The question is: Mary is Jack's  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:classmate
B:cousin
C:sister
D:teacherMost of people watch the weather report on TV to get their newest weather information. So the weather report becomes one of the most popular TV programs.
Now, most TV stations play soft music pieces to relax their audience  . The weather report words are getting close to our real life. And there are some warm reminds   for people to travel. They are really great pros . So most people think they are fantastic improvements.
"In the old days, there were lots of advertisements   during the weather report. It seemed advertisements are the most important part." an old man said. "And we could see no people but advertisements. " added another old woman.
"When I listened to the weather report, I was afraid to see the advertisements. Those colorful advertisements always made me crazy. So I never watched weather report on TV." said a young man.
Now the audience enjoy their favorite songs and enjoy the warm reminds while listening to the weather report. Audience can have more fun with weather report and at the same time with the advertisements, too. That's a wonderful idea.
The question is: Why does the weather report become a most popular TV program?   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:Because it has the greatest advertisement
B:Becaue it has the most advertisements
C:Because it gives people weather information in time
D:Because it has the weather of foreign countriesMy parents want to take me to visit Beijing this summer holiday. I want to plan a good trip. So I must learn something about Beijing on the Internet. Beijing is a beautiful city. Autumn is the best season. There are many places of interest in Beijing. We want to visit the Great Wall, the Palace Museum and the Summer Palace. Beijing Duck is very famous all over the world. I hope I could have a try.
We can get to Beijing by train. I want to buy a gift for my good friend. I also want to send a postcard to my teacher. I think I will have a great holiday.
The question is: How can they go to Beijing?
The possible answers are:
A:By bus.
B:By train.
C:By air.
D:By taxi.I really love this job because I enjoy working with small children. I also think my work is very important. But there was a time when I thought I would never have a job like this.
I wasn't the best student because I didn't do much schoolwork. Just before I left school, I started thinking what I might do and found that there's not much I could do. I thought I wasn't that kind of person to have a career.
I then found myself a job, looking after two little girls for a family. It wasn't difficult at first. But problems began when I agreed to live in, so that my boss could go out to work in the evenings. I got very tired because I had too many late nights and early mornings with the children.
One Sunday, I was in the park with the children, and met Mary who used to go to school with me. I told her about my job. She said that I should get a qualification   if I wanted to work with children. And it would help me learn more skills to look after children better without feeling too tired. _ . I decided   to take part-time lessons. In that way, I had to leave the family. But all the lessons I took helped me look after children better and helped me get a job at a kindergarten  .
Now I have a job as a professional teacher at a kindergarten. I should be thankful to Mary. I would never have a career if it wasn't for her.
The question is: What does this passage mainly talk about?
The possible answers are:
A:The writer's own story of finding a job.
B:The friendship between the writer and Mary.
C:Mary's story of helping friends when needed.
D:The writer's story of looking after small children.There are 365 days in a year. We sleep 8 hours a day, so we have 122 days for sleeping. Then our work time has 243 days left. But there are 52 weekends in a year. Each weekend is two days. We lose another 104 days a year for work. It takes us about one hour to have breakfast and supper. This comes to 15 days over a year. But we can't work all that time-we need a holiday. Let's say we have three weeks' holiday. We don't work all day. Four free hours each evening takes up 61 days. We have to remember that we get 2 days' holiday at Easter, 3 at Christmas and 1 at the New Year. There are also 4 Bank holidays. Take those 10 days away and we have 32 days for work. But then we have one and a half hours' lunch every day, and half an hour's coffee break. That comes to 30 days a year. This means that we have only a few days left for work every year!
The question is: We spend 15 days on    _   .
The possible answers are:
A:rest
B:coffee break
C:lunch
D:breakfast and supperOne day, I had a bad toothache. I couldn't eat anything. So I went to see the dentist.
" What's wrong with your teeth? " asked the dentist.
" I have a toothache. " I told him.
" Let me see your teeth ...... Um, there's a hole in one of the teeth. Do you eat a lot of sweet food? " The dentist asked me.
" Yes, I do. I often eat ice cream, biscuits, chocolate and I often drink cola and milk with sugar, " I told him.
" All these are bad for your teeth. You must eat less sweet food and brush your teeth at least twice every day. Now let me fill your bad tooth. "
The question is: Eating less sweet food  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:isn't good for our teeth
B:is only good for children's teeth
C:is good for our teeth
D:is bad for our teethPut 2 February in your diary! It is World Wetlands Day! It marks the date that the
Convention  on Wetlands was signed in1971.This special day was first celebrated in 1997 and it is celebrated every year.
The celebration is a call for action. It is a way to show people how important and
useful the wetlands are for people. On World Wetlands Day, people around the world take
part in many wetlands activities. People take trips to the local wetlands. There are talks
about how important the wetlands are. People get together to clean up their local wetlands
Children draw pictures to advertise the day. People also compete in boat races.
The World Wetlands Day is important! If there are no wetlands, there will be no water for anyone in the future. Wetlands help protect nature and resources like fresh water. Already,  more than 10000 million people in the world do not have fresh water.
Many people do not know how important the wetlands are. They can understand why an
elephant or a tiger is important because they are big, beautiful animals. It is much harder for
them to understand how important the animals in the wetlands are. These small animals,
such as frogs and snails, play a very important part in keeping the balance of nature.
All plants and animals are part of the food chain .If the small wetlands animals
die, some animals in the food chain will have nothing to eat. They will also die. People
need the wetlands to keep the balance of nature in the world. If we do not protect nature
today,it will be gone tomorrow.
The question is: Why are small animals important?
The possible answers are:
A:They are part of the balance of nature and the food chain.
B:They are beautiful.
C:Bigger animals are eaten by them
D:Without them, there may be no water.A young shoemaker left his village. Along the way, he saw some ants who were very sad because a bear had destroyed their house. The shoemaker helped them rebuild it, and the ants offered to return the favor.
The shoemaker followed his way and found some bees with the same problem as the ants. The young man also helped them, and the bees promised to help him in the future.
Further along , the shoemaker learned that the king's daughter was in the castle of a witch . The young man decided to save her, But the witch threw him a bag of sand mixed with small seeds and told him that if he wasn't able to separate  the two, she would cut off his head before the sun came out.
The young man thought about his death. But his friends the ants came and helped him pass the test. The witch was very surprised. Then she took him to a room where there were thirteen girls with their faces covered. The shoemaker had to discover which one was the princess.
The young man became _ but he saw a bee that landed on a girl's body. She is the true princess. When the shoemaker uncovered her face, the witch was changed into a crow. The young people fell in love and lived with animals happily.
The question is: The witch asked the shoemaker to separate   _  from the sand.
The possible answers are:
A:small seeds
B:rice
C:little stones.
D:grapesMy name is Ben. I live with my brother, mother and father in a flat. There are 27 floors in the tall building. My apartment is on the top floor. My father has a car .He parks it in the basement of the building.
Our apartment is not in the centre of the city. It is 4 kilometers from the centre. My father works in the city, so he goes to work by train every day. He doesn't often drive his car. He uses his car only at weekends. He takes us into the country or to the beach on Saturdays or Sundays.
Our apartment has three bedrooms. There is a bedroom for my mother and father, one for me and one for my brother. There is also a living room, a kitchen, and a bathroom in the apartment. We do not have a garden, but there is a small balcony. There are some plants on the balcony.
The question is: Which floor do Ben's family live on?    _
The possible answers are:
A:The 27
thfloor.
B:The 4
thfloor.
C:The 9
thfloor.
D:The ground floor.The red phone box in Britain is a perfect example of the British traditional culture. However, with the fast development of mobile phones, it has lost its place in people's everyday life. In order to save their loved red phone boxes, people have come up with many ideas, for example, to turn them into toilets or art houses.
In a village in Somerset, a place in South West England, villagers have found a new way to save their red phone box. They turned it into a mini library to deal with the shortage of libraries in their area. The idea was given by a local villager, Janet Fisher, who lives opposite the phone box. Villagers got together to set up the book box. Over 100 books and a lot of movies and music CDs are available at this mini library. The books are of different kinds, including from cooking books to the classics and children's books. People can put the books that they have read inside the phone box, and take away the books that they'd like to read. The books are always changing. There is a regular check on the books to keep the phone box collection fresh.
Anyone is free to come to read books there. The phone box library is open every day around the clock and is lit (the past form of "light") at night.  " It's very pleasing that the red phone box has been saved. More importantly, it can continue providing a service for us," said one of the villagers.
The question is: The red phone box has been a symbol of   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:the British culture
B:the European art of building
C:the development of mobile phones
D:British people's daily lifeMother's Day is a holiday for mothers. People celebrate it in the United States, England,India and some other countries. Little by little, people in many other countries also celebrate it. Mother's Day is on the 2nd Sunday in May. On that day, many people give presents of love to their mothers. If their mothers are alive ,they often wear a pink or red rose or carnation .If their mothers are dead ,they wear a white one.
The celebration of the first American Mother's Day was held in Philadelphia on May 10, 1908. Soon the holiday became popular all over the country and around the world. In China, people do the same on the day for mothers. And in some cities, people sometimes ask a song to be broadcast for his or her mother only.
The question is: The first Mother's Day was celebrated more than  _   years ago .
The possible answers are:
A:one hundred
B:ninety
C:eighty
D:seventyIn England,factory holidays come mostly in the period between mid-July and mid-August. State schools usually only have six weeks off, from about mid-July to the end of August.
The coast is the most popular place for the English people to spend their holidays, but there are few seaside hotels. Food in British hotels and restaurants is cheap, but rooms are not. Few English people rent  houses for their holidays, but one of their traditional ways of spending a summer is in a boardinghouse . Some boardinghouse keepers give all meals to their guests, others provide breakfast only.
The British may refuse to change the times at which they take their holidays, but they have shown themselves very ready to go to new places. Every year, more Englishmen, women and children go to some parts of Europe. Many take their cars, crossing the channel by ship. When they get home again, they always talk about how they spend their holidays.
The question is: In the passage, a boarding house is a place where  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:guests can be given with food and living rooms
B:guests can buy all kinds of things
C:guests can have their cars kept
D:guests can live and eat without paying any moneySix people are talking about two pie shops in a TV program.
Lily: I've been going to Pie House for twenty years. Now Marie's son is taking care of the business, and he makes pies as good as his mother's. I enjoy my stay there as before. My family also like the pies. We feel relaxed while staying there.
***
Olive: I went to Pie Corner once. Their pies were great, too. But I feel more comfortable at Pie House. I am used to the taste there, which makes me feel happy. I'm really a fan of Pie House.
***
Ned: Uncle Roy used to work for my mom. Later he opened Pie Corner on the next block after he got married. At the beginning, it's not easy for him, but it is becoming more and more popular especially among young people. They think Pie Corner can often give them a surprise.
***
Marie: Roy was already quite _ when working with me. I mean he had different, sometimes even strange, ideas about pies. There were times I thought his pies wouldn't taste good, but they turned out magically delicious. He is really creative and can always make new pies, which attract many people.
***
Lee:  Ned has done quite well with Pie House. His pies make you feel warm. But if you want to try something interesting, you should go to Pie Corner.
***
Chuck: The two pie shops are really different from each other. If eating Roy's pies is like taking an exciting trip, then Ned's pies are just like a sweet home you go back to after a long trip. Which one to go to depends on what you like.
The question is: What do we know about the six people?
The possible answers are:
A:They all have been to both pie shops.
B:They all talked about what the pies taste like.
C:Some of them are the shopkeepers of the pie shops.
D:Some of them talked about how the shopkeepers treated their workers.One day, a physically-deformed man came to our college and on his back was a notice saying, "Free shoe repairing for college students".
Repairing shoes for free? Most of us didn't believe it, and some even thought that it was just a device  to the students who would have to pay for shoes once they had been repaired. But the man just smiled and said, "Save your money to buy some books." These words really surprised me and I talked with him, "You need to make a living. Why do you repair shoes for us for free?" He answered, while keeping on working, "I'm an illiterate , but I know how important knowledge is for everyone. So I'd like to serve the students like you. I hope you can do well in your studies. In my opinion, money isn't everything in life."
After the chat, I felt he was great compared with me. He, a physically-deformed man who couldn't walk without a wheelchair, still tried his best to devote  himself to society. I would like to thank him because he gave me a new direction in my life, and taught me what the true value of life is.
,.
The question is: Which of the following word has the similar meaning to the word "physically-deformed"?
The possible answers are:
A:sick
B:disabled
C:blind
D:deafHere are some easy tips for getting to sleep. They can help you deal with tension, stress and anxiety, and enjoy a good night sleep. Not every one of these tips alone will get you to sleep, but a few of them at least should be useful.
Get some physical exercise during the day. Even 15 minutes a day of exercise (at least half an hour before going to bed, so your body will have a chance to slow down) will give your body the activity and oxygen  it needs to help you relax more and sleep better.
Listen to the light music. Play some soft, smooth music that help you sleep. Of course you must have a recorder or CD player that will automatically  turn off because if you get up and turn it off in the end, it'll lose its effect.
Drink warm milk. A glass of warm milk 15 minutes before going to bed will keep you calm.
Keep regular bedtime hours. Your body likes regular routines ,.It likes to know that it's going to get up at the same time each day, eat at the same time, and go to bed at the same time. Keep far away from caffeine, alcohol and tobacco. Before you go to sleep, you'd better not drink coffee or cola which has caffeine. Don't drink wine, beer or champagne which has alcohol and don't smoke.
Don't watch TV or read before going to bed. Wait at least half an hour before going to bed after reading or watching TV.
The question is: Which is the best title for this passage?
The possible answers are:
A:Music and Sleep
B:Caffeine and Sleep
C:Keeping Regular Bedtime
D:Tips for Getting to SleepHi Suzie,
I have a big problem again! You know that I love to cook. Everyone says that I am the next "celebrity chef". I never miss favourite cookery shows on TV. I always like to try new recipes. Curry is one of my favourite meals. I love all the spices and that is the problem!
I am in the kitchen when the telephone rings. I answer the phone and chat for five minutes to my friend Kate. I go back to my curry, but I don't remember that the spices are already in and I add more. My curry smells delicious, but when we eat it everyone looks at me. The curry tastes very bad. My mum says, "Why is it so hot?"
Then I remember about the spices.
I'm off for a hamburger.
Love,
Mike
The question is: Which of the following is TRUE according to the letter?
The possible answers are:
A:Mike's curry smells and tastes very delicious .
B:Mike's parents call him when he is cooking.
C:Mike love both the curry and hamburger very much.
D:Mike cooks badly this time because he is so careless.Schools and parents in Shenzhen City have been asked to take better care of children's eyesight as 45 percent of them were found to be shortsighted. Too much reading, poor lighting and too much TV are blamed . Of the city's high school graduates  who applied to study at colleges this summer, but now he gets up earlier.
The question is: In order to take care of eyes, children shouldn't  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:read books
B:watch TV
C:make their eyes too tired
D:see things far awayRoast   is very famous in Brazil. Customs   just sit , waiting for waiters to send them all kinds of meat. If you like , you take one ; if you don't , the waiters pass you . If you don't give any messages of stopping , they will go on.
One day when I was in Brazil , I went to a restaurant to try the roast . After I took my seat, the waiter gave me a sign with the color "red" on the side and "green" on the other . I said "thank you", then the waiters began to serve me .My plate was already full, but the waiters still kept on serving me more. I thought I had to eat more quickly . But to my surprise, the waiters still kept on serving more. Then a waiter found out the reason. He helped me turn the sign over, with red outside . When I finished , I found the waiter didn't take a look at me . Do you know Why? It's just like the traffic lights in the street . How wonderful !
The question is: When did the waiters give me a sign?
The possible answers are:
A:After I went into the restaurant
B:When I sat down
C:When I tried the food
D:When my plate was fullIn Europe many people died during the Second World War. As a result, at the end of the war there were many orphans there. A man called Hermann Gmeiner wanted to help these children. His idea was simple. He wanted orphans to have a home, and he wanted them to have the care and kindness of parents. Gmeiner asked people to give him some money. With this money he built the first SOS Children's Village at Imst, in Austria. It opened in1949. This is how the SOS stand for "Save Our Souls ." This means "Please help us!" An SOS Children' village gives help to orphans.
Hermann Gmeiner's idea for helping orphans soon spread all over the world. By 1983 there were 170 SOS Children's Villages in the world. People in many countries give money to help the villages. Today the children from the first village have grown up. Now some of them work in other SOS Children's Villages.
In SOS Villages orphans live in family groups. There are several houses in each village. The biggest village has 40 or 50 houses! Between seven and ten children live in a house. A woman lives with each group of children and looks after them. She gives the children a lot of love and kindness. She cooks meals for them and makes comfortable, happy home for them.
Of course, the children don't spend all their time in the village. They go to school, they go out with their friends. But the village gives them a home--sometimes for the first time in their lives.
The question is: An orphan is a child  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:who has no brother
B:who has no sister
C:who has no parents
D:all of the aboveEverything happens for the best." Whenever I faced disappointment, my mother would say this to me.
After I graduated from college in 1932, I decided to find a job in radio as a sports announcer. I went to Chicago and knocked at the door of every station. But unluckily , I was refused every time.
At one station, a kind lady told me that big stations wouldn't hire   an inexperienced person and suggested that I try my luck at smaller stations. Following her advice, I went back to Dixon, where I had grown up. There were no radio-announcing jobs in Dixon, and my father said a newly-opened store wanted a local athlete to work for it. I applied for the job, but I was refused again.
"Everything happens for the best," Mom reminded me. Dad offered me the car to look for a job. I tried WOC Radio in Davenport, Iowa. The program director, Peter MacArthur, told me they had already hired an announcer.
As I left his office, my frustration(,) boiled over. "How can I become a sports announcer if I can't get a job in a radio station?" I asked aloud.
While I was waiting for the elevator, I heard someone calling. It was MacArthur. "What was that you said about sports? Do you know anything about football?" Then he asked me to broadcast   an imaginary game. Pleased with my performance, he offered me a chance to work there.
On my way home, I thought of my mother's words: "If you carry on, one day something good will happen. Something wouldn't have happened if not for" that previous disappointment.
The question is: Why couldn't the writer find a job at big radio stations?
The possible answers are:
A:Because he never graduated from college.
B:Because he didn't work hard in college.
C:Because he didn't have much experience.
D:Because he didn't know about sports.Have you ever tried to understand something new on your own but found it a bit too difficult in books or on the Internet? Don't be worriedyou can get help at Khan Academy .
Khan Academy is an online learning website created in 2007 by Salman Khan, an American teacher. In order to provide "a free world-class education to anyone anywhere",Khan offers more than 4,200 free micro lectures atkhanacademy.org.
The classes cover fields like mathematics, biology, chemistry and finance. They usually last for just 10 to 15 minutes. Unlike traditional classes, Khan mainly offers courses for students below college level. The classes can also help those who are planning to take the SAT, an exam often required for students who wish to enter a college or university in the US.
So how can you start your learning journey at Khan Academy?
First of all,enter the website with a personal e-mail account .Your personal homepage at Khan Academy is designed to help you learn math. You can take a pre-test first to see your level. The academy then suggests exercises at the right level for you. It also allows you to watch videos and improve yourself until you reach level 5the highest level.
If you are interested in other subjects, click "LEARN" to see all topics on offer. Try "Art History",for example. This will take you to all the things in that area like text articles, videos and questions. You can also put key words into the search box to see related topics.
Don't worry if you find it difficult to follow the courses in English. The courses have been translated into other languages, such as Chinese. Hundreds of Khan's courses in Chinese can be found on Netease (www. 163. com),which offers translations of courses from Harvard, Yafe, Oxford,Cambridge and other top universities.
The question is: Khan Academy is a learning website that  _
The possible answers are:
A:was started by an American teacher
B:has a history of over 10 years
C:doesn't provide free lectures
D:is fit only for college studentsIf you are visiting England, you will notice that English have many customs and traditions that are different from those in China.
This guide provides help for anyone visiting England for the first time.
Standing in the queue
English people like to form queue.They think it is the fair way to behave.People wait in a queue in shops and at bus stops.People will think you are very rude if you don't join the queue.
Please, Thank You, Excuse Me and Sorry
It is good manners to say "please" and "thank you".If someone is in your way and you would like them to move, say "excuse me" and they will move.If you bump into someone or you are in their way say "sorry".They will probably say "sorry", too, even if it was your mistake.Saying "sorry" does not always mean you think you were wrong.Someone it is just a polite thing to say.
Meeting a new person
When people meet for the first time, the usual custom is to shake hands.The next time you meet that person, you can just say hello.English people don't usually hug or kiss unless they know each other really well.
Talking to people
English people find it difficult to start conversations with strangers.They like to be private so if they are on buses or trains, they usually sit as far away from other people as possible.If you want to start a conversation, the topic that English people are always happy to talk about is the weather.So you need to be able to say "Isn't it warm (sunny/windy/wet/foggy) today?" or "Do you think it's going to rain/clear up?" This is much better than asking about politics, religion or how much people earn!
The question is: What's the main idea of the article?
The possible answers are:
A:Differences between England and China.
B:The guide help.
C:The manners and traditions in England.
D:How to visit England for the first time.My favourite sport is basketball because it is very exciting. I like basketball because the NBA stars play very well. Basketball is very cheap and it is a good sport for our health. We can grow taller if we play basketball often. Also it keeps me healthy. I play basketball three times a week. Most often I play it in my school. I often play it with my friends or I may play it myself. I feel very happy when I play basketball at school with my classmates. Sometimes I play basketball in the playground near my home. Basketball is very easy to play. If you play basketball very well, you can join the basketball team . If you win the basketball competition, you will have the prize. You may become a famous basketball star.
The question is: I often play basketball   _
The possible answers are:
A:myself
B:with my friends
C:with my cousins
D:with my parentsIn our life,we may meet people with different personalities .What is your personality type ?Read about the following and find out!
A Dreamer thinks there is a"right"way to do things.This person wants to live in the"perfect world".Many are good listeners and like to help others.Many Dreamers work as teachers,and often lead others.Famous Dreamers:Mohandas Gandhi,Angelina Jolie.
A Partner wants to be in a group.For this person,rules are important.They consider tradition to be of great value.Partners are often serious,careful people.Many do well as teachers,managers and police officers.Famous Partners:Queen Elizabeth II,Mother Teresa.
For Thinkers,understanding things is very important.They like to deal with problems and make new things.Thinkers can also be active.They like to win.They have very strong opinions.Many Thinkers work as scientists,inventors and engineers.Famous Thinkers:Bill Gates,Stephen Hawking.
Artists want to be free.They don't want to follow the rules all the time.They also like trying new things.Like Thinkers,many Artists have strong opinions.They are creative and do well as musicians and actors.Famous Artists:Cristiano Ronaldo,Madonna.
The question is: If you are active and like to win,maybe you are similar to  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:Gandhi
B:Mother Teresa
C:Bill Gates
D:MadonnaTraveling by train is usually not easy in China. It can be hard to get a ticket. When you're traveling to the railway station, you look at your watch, for you are afraid you will miss your train.
But there is good news for people traveling between Beijing and Shanghai. Construction   on the express railway   between the two cities started just before the Spring Festival of 2008. When it is finished by 2013, taking a train will be as easy as taking a bus.
"There will be trains every several minutes. Buying a ticket, getting through the checkpoint   and taking your seat, will take just 10 minutes," said an engineer.
There may be high-speed trains running at 350 kilometers an hour. The travel time between the two cities will _ from 10 to about 5 hours. The trains will carry twice the present number of passengers.
The new line will be 1,318 kilometers long and go across specially built bridges. It will run along side the present line. There will be 21 stations in Hebei, Tianjin, Shandong, Anhui and Jiangsu.
"The cost of traveling by the express railway may be around 800 yuan. That will be more expensive than an ordinary train, but cheaper than by air." Said Zhang Xiaoling, a Jiangsu government official.
According to Zhang, the higher price is caused by the large cost of the railway project. At about 200 billion yuan, the project may be even more expensive than the Three Gorges Project  .
The question is: The express railway between Beijing and Shanghai will be finished   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:at the end of this year
B:before the Spring Festival of 2008
C:by 2013
D:in about 5 yearsThe Mayan Indians lived in Mexico for thousands of years before the Spanish arrived in the 1500s. The Mayan achievements were many. They had farms, beautiful palaces, and cities with many buildings. The Mayan people knew a lot about nature and the world around them. This knowledge helped them to live a better life than most people of that time, because they could use it to make their lives more comfortable and rewarding . Knowledge about tools and farming, for example, made their work easier and more productive.
The Maya believed in many gods, including rain gods, sun gods, and corn gods. The people built large temples to honor the Mayan gods. Skillful workers built cities around these temples. It was difficult for them to build these cities, because they had no horses to carry the heavy stone they used to build with. Workers had to carry all of the building materials themselves. Today, many of these ancient Mayan cities and temples are still standing.
Although the cities that the Maya built were beautiful, and the people worked hard to build them, very few of the people lived in them. Usually, only the priests lived in the cities.
The other people lived in small villages in the forests. Their houses were much simpler than the _ buildings in the cities. They lived in small huts with no windows. The walls were made of poles covered with dried mud, and the roof was made of grass or leaves. Most Maya lived a simple life close to nature.
The Mayan priests studied the Sun, the Moon, stars, and planets. They made a calendar from what they learned. The year was divided into 18 months of 20 days each with five days left over. The Mayan calendar was far more exact than the European calendars of the time.
Around the year 800, the Maya left their villages and beautiful cities, never to return. No one knows why this happened. They may have died from some disease. They may have left because the soil could no longer grow crops. Archaeologists are still trying to find the lost secrets of the Maya.
The question is: Why it is said that the Mayan people lived a better life than most people of that time?
The possible answers are:
A:They had better building skills and housing conditions.
B:They believed in many gods, and honored the Mayan gods.
C:They had knowledge about tools and faming.
D:They studied about nature and the world around them.Wade is my good friend. We study at the same school. At weekends he usually turns on his computer. He sends and gets e-mails to and from his friends back in France. He also gets on the Internet to learn about what is going on in the world. His parents sometimes take him to some places of interest in China. Sometimes I ask him to come over to my home for a weekend. My parents say that they can't understand what we talk about because there are two languages in our talks--Chinese and English. My mother sometimes says to him,"Can you talk to my son in Chinese only,Wade?" He always smiles and answers, "Not today. I'm going to speak good Chinese very soon." He is not good at Chinese and I am weak at English. But we like these talks because we can learn when we are talking.
The question is: We can know from the passage that   _
The possible answers are:
A:the writer can speak English very well
B:the writer can get e-mails from Wade
C:Wade is only beginning to learn Chinese
D:Wade finds it easy to talk in ChineseIf you have no special plans for your free time, why not spend your time helping others? Don't listen to people who say that young people today often think only of themselves. It is not true at all. More and more young people in the United States volunteer(,) to spend  their school  holidays  working for others. And they don't do it for money. Here are some of their stories.
Alice Hamiton, 17
I'm going to help the Forest Centre build new hiking paths   in the mountains. It sounds terrible. I'll spend the whole summer living in a tent  and breathing the clean mountain air. I'm going to sleep under the stars. It will be nice, and I'll be able to do something good at the same time!
Jason Moore 18
This summer, I'm going to volunteer with Special House Program.They build good,  low-cost houses and sell them to families that are not very rich. They'll teach me what to do, so I'll help people and also have a chance to learn how to build houses.
Trish Anderson, 16
I'm going to teach kids who have trouble in reading. I'll work for a program called Reading For Life. Every day, I'm going to help kids choose and read books that they like. I want to be a teacher, and I love children and reading, so this is going to be a great experience for me.
,.
The question is: From the passage we know Jason Moore  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:likes reading
B:is 18 years old now
C:isn't very rich
D:is good at sportsYao Ming was born in China in 1980. Now the big name from China is playing for the Houston Rockets in the NBA. He is the son of two basketball players and he learned how to play basketball when he was young. Now, as one of the stars in the NBA, he is working hard to show the world that Chinese basketball players can do well in this game, too!
Pele was a famous football player. He was born in Brazil in 1940. He started playing for Santos when he was only 16 and he didn't retire  until 1977. He played for Brazil 111 times and he scored 97 international goals. Pele came from a poor family. He started playing football in the streets. He played for Santos and quickly became an international star.
Steffi Graf was born in Germany in 1969. She won the tennis semi-final  at Wimbledon in 1985 when she was only 16, but she lost the final to another great tennis player, Martina Navratilova. People were 'surprised at the strength and power of her game. She soon became a famous tennis player and won most of the main matches.
The question is: From the passage, we learn   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:Steffi Graf was born in 1985 in Wimbledon
B:Martina Navratilova was also a tennis player
C:Steffi Graf won few of the main matches
D:Steffi Graf won the tennis final when she was 16Welcome to my room. Open the door . You can see a desk. There are some books on the desk. My pens are on the desk, too. Behind the door there is a basketball. I love it very much. On the wall there are two pictures. Look at the boy. It's me. Where is my football? Oh! It's on the sofa . Is my computer on the desk? No , it isn't . It's next to the desk. I love my room. It's very nice , isn't it?
The question is: Who is the boy in the picture?  It's   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:me
B:my brother
C:my friend
D:my fatherHe came again the next day and worked until it was time to leave. His name was Jerry. He was 12 and had been at the Children's Home since he was only four.  I thought of him. He was honest . For example, the handle   of the ax  broke one day. Jerry said the Children's Home would mend it. I handed him some money to pay for it. He wouldn't take the money. "I'll pay for it, mama. I broke it. I didn't hit the wood in the right place. "
 _ And it was a weak handle. I'll speak to the seller. " It was only then that he would take the money.
Another thing about Jerry was that he would do those little but helpful things. The things would not be badly needed but would make life so much easier. For example, he found a hole near the fireplace. "I'll put some wood in the hole, mama. Then when a sudden storm comes up, you can stay warm. "
One cold day, Jerry sat close by me near the fire. We watched the fire bum. He suddenly talked of something he had never talked of before. "You look like my mother, especially  next to the fire"
But you were four, Jerry, 'when you came to live at the Children's Home. Do you still remember your mother?"
The question is: How long had Jerry lived at the Children's Home by the time he met the writer?
The possible answers are:
A:One year.
B:Four years.
C:Eight years.
D:Twelve years.In learning English, one should first pay attention to listening and speaking.It is the groundwork of reading and writing.You'd better try your best to speak while you do much listening.Don't be afraid of making mistakes.But be careful not to let them stop you from improving your English.While you are doing this, a good way is to write---keep a diary, write notes or letters, and then if you can, ask someone else to go through what you have written and tell you what is wrong.Many mistakes in your speaking will be easily found when you write.Through correcting the mistakes, you can do better in learning English.
If you are slow in speaking, don't worry.One of the helpful ways is reading, either aloud or to yourself.The important thing is to choose something interesting to read.It mustn't be too difficult for you.When you are reading in this way, don't stop to look up the words if you can guess their meanings, or they have nothing important to do with the sentence.You can look them up later.
The question is: If you want to be fast in speaking, you should choose something  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:difficult to read aloud
B:easy to read to yourself
C:interesting to read to yourself
D:important to read aloudSusan wang
I have a best friend. His name is James. He is from the USA. We look _ different! I have blonde hair but he has red hair. I wear glasses but he doesn't. I am short but he is very tall. I'm very outgoing but he is very quiet. However, we both love singing and dancing.
Sam Green
I don't really have a best friend but one of my good friends is Kristi. She is from America. I sometimes call her Kwiti. She is funny and kind. And she really cares about   everyone and almost everything. She became one of my good friends at the age of five.
Mary Smith
My best friend's name is Edna. She comes from Australia. She likes to talk a lot and hardly keeps quiet. Edna has curly brown hair and brown eyes. She always makes me laugh. Also, she sometimes helps me with my homework.
Lisa Brown
I have a best friend from India. Her name is Sinsha. I call her Kuttu. She is short. She has a round face and black eyes. She has long black hair. I can hardly get sad or angry when I'm with her. She often makes me happy.
The question is: Which of the following is TRUE?
The possible answers are:
A:James wears glasses.
B:Kristi comes from India.
C:Kwiti is Mary's best friend.
D:Susan likes singing.Bags of Love
Last year, I worked in a middle school near my mother's house, and I stayed with her for a month. During that time, I helped her do some housework and buy some food.
After the first week, I noticed that the food was eaten up very quickly. Then I began keeping an eye on my mum. To my surprise, I found that she would put some of the food into a paper bag and go out with it at about nine every morning. And finally, I decided to follow her. I saw her taking the food to the street children. She would also spend a lot of time talking and playing with them.
One day, I talked to a neighbour and found out that my mum was well-known in the area. The children were very friendly with her and even thought of her as their own mother. Then it hit me - why wouldn't she want to tell me about it? Was she worried that I would stop buying food if I found out?
When my mum got home, I gave her a big hug  .I told her she didn't need to keep it a secret from me. And she told me something about the children. Some of them lived with an old lady in a small house. Others slept on the street. For years, she was helping the poor street children by giving them food. After she told me everything, I was so moved by how selfless   she was. She helped others in need. As her son, I was so proud of my mum.
I continued to buy food for my mum after that. But I always added one more bag for her other children.
The question is: After the first week, the writer noticed that   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:the food was put into a big box
B:his mum followed the children
C:the food was eaten up quickly
D:his mum stopped buying foodIn England, people don't often talk much. You can get on a bus or a train,and everyone sits looking out of the window.
Often they read books and papers, but they don't talk much. When you meet English people they often talk about one thing--weather  . So when you meet somebody in England, you can say, "Nice weather for the time of year!" "But it is a little cold today," somebody may answer. "But it will be a little warmer later,"you can say. Talk like this, and the English people will think," How friendly you are !"
The question is: Which is right?  _
The possible answers are:
A:English people like to talk on a bus.
B:English people don't like to talk about weather.
C:English people are not friendly at all.
D:In England,the weather often changes  .Some people think that singing can lift our spirits (   ), while some other people  don't think so.They don't like singing and they think singing can never make them happy.I do think singing can make us feel good, and it can lift our spirits.Let me tell you more about that.
Some researchers   once did some surveys and proved it.The surveys show  that singing can bring a lot of health benefits  .If you sing with your friends, the effects may be even better.
John Lennon was once a teacher of Vocal Performance   at Emporia State University.He says, "Singing is an inborn   need.Babies sing to themselves and they seem so happy.Like babies, when we sing, we feel so good and singing makes us feel even better.I like singing and I am happy every day."
Music is a part of human nature.And singing is a form of expression that can be understood by everyone.Some people say that music is like a kind of language.The language can show people's opinions and attitudes  to their life.Some songs can cheer people up when they are in trouble.Some songs can make people happy and excited.That's why the TV show The Voice of China is so popular with people.
The question is: According to some surveys, singing can bring   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:health benefits
B:health problems
C:happiness and success
D:some troubleReform the gaokao
The college entrance examination is one of the most important tests in our lives. Now, the big exam has got a big change.
the government announced a reform  plan on Sept 4, 2014. According to the plan, there are only three required  tests that everyone to take - Chinese, maths and foreign language. Each subject is marked out of 150. Students can take foreign language tests twice.
Students also have to learn six other subject - physics, chemistry, biology, geography, politics and history. They will have a final test after finishing their studies in each subject. They can choose three to hand in when applying for  universities.
Nowadays, liberal arts  and science  have different tests. For example, in some places, liberal arts students get easier math questions. Under the new system, everyone will have same tests.
The reform will begin trials  from this year in some cities. Current Senior 1 students in Shanghai and Zhejiang don't have to choose between studying liberal arts and science.
Liu Yunsong, and English teacher at Beijing 101 Middle School, believes the reform is good news for junior students, especially for the English tests. "Two opportunities help the students show their real level better. As a result, we will pa y more attention to helping students be interested in the language instead of just teaching them the skills of dealing with tests. We will give them more chances to use the language, such as reading English."
The question is: How many subjects do students have to learn?
The possible answers are:
A:Three.
B:Five.
C:Six.
D:Nine.Arthur Robert Ashe Jr. was the first African-American player to take part in the international sport of tennis at the highest level of the game. He was born on July 10, 1943.
When Arthur was 6, his mother died. Arthur, with his father and his brother, lived near a large park in Richmond, Virginia. His father was the manager of the park. He took care of the park and made sure everything was right.
Arthur was allowed to play in the park when he was seven years old. He was quite energetic. A swimming pool, tennis courts, and baseball diamonds  were in the park. Arthur spent a lot of time playing there. He did well in sports, but he had never tried to play tennis.
He often watched the tennis players. Sometimes there were tennis lessons, and Arthur would watch even more carefully. The young man teaching the lessons noticed Arthur. His name was Ronald Charity.
Mr. Charity asked Arthur if he wanted to learn to play tennis. Arthur was excited and agreed. Arthur learned very quickly. Mr. Charity found Arthur would grow up to be a good tennis player. By the time he was ten, Arthur won atournament . Many older and bigger players came to the park trying to win the prize, but Arthur beat them. He became known as "the kid who could play tennis".
Arthur grew up to be one of the first successful African-American tennis players. He played and won all over the world.
The question is: How did Arthur meet Mr. Charity?
The possible answers are:
A:Arthur's father asked Mr. Charity to give Arthur tennis lessons.
B:While swimming at the pool, Mr. Charity met Arthur.
C:While teaching tennis, Mr. Charity saw young Arthur.
D:Mr. Charity noticed young Arthur was playing tennis well.Susan Boyle was born as the ninth child in a Catholic family. She suffered from learning disabilities ever since her birth because of her mother's poor health.
School was difficult for Susan and she was bulled  because of her different behaviour. _ , who were much older, had life experiences that were unknown to their little sister. From the time of her birth, Susan was a screamer. The only really safe place that she would use as a repeat was her bedroom. There she would hang posters of her musical heroes on the walls and sing popular music into a hairbrush that she pretended was a microphone.
One by one her brothers and sisters moved away from home and then Susan's father died. This left her alone with an old mother and a cat. She tried volunteer work. Her best state of mind, however, was found when she was singing and so she would regularly join others in karaoke or pubs where she could show her skills and receive appreciation from the crowd.
When Susan announced at Christmas that she was planning to take part in the Britain's Got Talent competition, her brothers and sisters tried to discourage her. It was a wonder that she was even able to do the audition  considering the troubles she faced just physically getting to the right place.
The Woman I Was Born to Be is a beautiful story written in the simple but humorous voice of the author, Susan Boyle. She tells her story from birth to the present in an interesting and educational manner.
I love this book ! In fact, I read the whole thing in one day! There is something in the stories that not only teaches the reader but also encourage us to reach for our dreams--no matter how impossible they may seem to be!
The question is: What does the author probably think of Susan's life stories?
The possible answers are:
A:Encouraging
B:Discouraging
C:Worried
D:BoringSpiderman is one of the most famous comic book characters. He was created by Stan Lee in 1963 and was first introduced to the world in the page of Marvel comic books.
Spiderman's story is the story of Peter Parker, a child who lost his parents and lives with his aunt and uncle. Peter is a shy, quiet boy wearing glasses and has few friends. One day, on a high school class trip to a science lab, he was bitten   by a special spider  . Soon Peter realizes he has amazing powers: he is as strong and quick as a spider and also has a type of sixth sense. He no longer needs his glasses and he can use his super power to fly through the city streets! Remembering something his uncle Ben has told him, that "with great power, there must also come great responsibility  ,"Peter decides to use his powers to fight enemies who do cruel things to people. And so, Spiderman is born.
Life is not easy for Peter even though he is a superhero. He is in love with Mary Jane but cannot tell her about his amazing powers. Besides, his best friend Harry hates Spiderman! Peter is also short of money and time. He has to sell photos of Spiderman (himself) to a newspaper and he keeps losing his jobs because he is so busy saving people! Yet he has to fight different kinds of cruel enemies.
,.
The question is: What happened to Peter Parker after he was bitten by the spider?
The possible answers are:
A:He could not see with his eyes.
B:He became a spider.
C:He was weaker than before.
D:He had spider-like powers.When we buy a house, we all want to have nice neighbours, because most of us think that it is helpful to live with some good neighbours. But what kind of neighbour is good? The answers are different from people to people. Here are my answers.
First, it is very important to respect  each other. If our neighbours try to know more about our life, what will we feel? He or she may also talk with others about our life. Do you want to live with him or her any more? The answer is "No". We will feel very sad to have this kind of neighbour and move away quickly.
Next, a good neighbour is always ready to give us a hand when we need him or her. For example, if we are not at home, our good neighbours will watch our house for us.
Finally, a good neighbour should love the environment . He or she never puts rubbish  here and there. Good neighbours should keep the place clean, because the good environment can make us comfortable and happy.
I think we all should learn to be good neighbours, and I also hope everyone will have good neighbours and live a happy life.
The question is: We'll feel   _   in the good environment .
The possible answers are:
A:tired and sick
B:comfortable and happy
C:warm and free
D:strong and busyHello, I'm Kate. I like different kinds of food. I like hamburgers, salad and orange juice. For breakfast, I often have some milk and hamburgers. I don't like dessert . My favorite football star, Tony Brown, eats lots of healthy food. He likes eggs and vegetables for breakfast. For lunch, he eats hamburgers, tomatoes, chicken, oranges and apple juice. For dinner, he likes meat and French fries. He doesn't have dessert. "I like football better than dessert." he says.
The question is: Kate doesn't like   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:orange juice
B:salad
C:breakfast
D:dessertIn the tenth grade, I began volunteering at a vet hospital in order to get experience for what I thought would be my future job. As it turned out, the experience I got at the hospital taught me the opposite: my future was not in vet medicine. However, there is one particular Saturday morning that taught me something maybe more important.
The hospital was in the middle of one of the poorer sections of the city and we often had people come in who could just only pay for the most basic treatments. This Saturday a man and his young son, who was probably about 7 years old, walked in with a small cat in a cardboard box. I remember the cat had an eye infection   but the man could not afford to pay for the cost of the medicine in addition to the exam. When he asked where the nearest the animal shelter  was, his son cried and started to argue with his father. _ an older woman who was sitting in the waiting room stood up, walked up to the counter, and told the man that she would pay for anything that he could not afford. The man thanked her and the son got to keep a healthy cat.
I had always thought it was the right thing to help out a needy person, but it was only seen on TV or in movies. The woman in the vet's office taught me that these things do happen in real life, and should happen more often. When I am hesitant   to help someone who is in need, I remember that woman, and have the courage to do it. Sometimes other people follow.
The question is: Why did the writer work at the vet hospital?
The possible answers are:
A:He thought he would work there in the future.
B:He wanted to get some skills of treating animals.
C:He wanted to get some money for his schooling.
D:He wanted to get some experience for his future work.Are you still doing the V for victory sign? It's out. The latest popular hand gesture is to curl both of your hands and put them together to make a heart shape.
Known as "Hand heart", many young stars in the US including Justin Bieber, Blake Lively and Taylor Swift have done the gesture in recent photos.
"The heart hand gesture means something between I love you and thank you." said the country singer Taylor Swift. It's a sweet, easy message which you can send without saying a word."
Taylor Swift often puts her hands above her head in the heart shape at her concerts. And she is believed to be the first to make the gesture popular. Last month during a charity show, Justin Bieber and his superstar friends did the hand heart and put the photo online. They did it to help three kids whose parents were killed in a car accident. The gesture became more popular after that.
"It used to take longer for nonverbal culture to move. But now, with smart phones and the Internet, it's much faster," said Patti Wood, an American language expert .
In our neighbor country--South Korea, the hand heart has been popular for a long time. In a different way, people there like making a "bigger heart" by putting their hands above their heads and making a heart shape with their arms. It means "I love you."
The question is: A charity show is a show that is put on to  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:make a gesture popular
B:help people in need
C:express your love or thanks
D:show your special gestureMr Baker worked in a big factory. He was busy all the time and had little time to rest. One summer, he decided to go to the sea to spend his holidays.
One afternoon, it was very hot. Mr Baker came into a restaurant, sat at a table and wanted to drink. Just then, an old man came up to him and said, "How do you do, sir?" "How do you do?" Mr Baker asked the old man to sit next to him. "Have you been here before?" "No, I haven't." "You look lonely, don't you?" said the old man. "Let's have a bet, shall we?"
It interested Mr Baker, "But what shall we bet on?" "I can bite my left eyeball," said the old man, "I can bet you five dollars."
Mr Baker didn't believe and passed $5 on the table.
The old man took out his glass eyeball, put it into his mouth and bite it. Mr Baker had to give his money.
"It doesn't matter young man," the old man said. "I'll give you a chance to win the money back. I can also bite my right eye. I'll bet you $10."
"I'm sure he's able to see. And I must win his money," he thought. So he took out ten dollars from his wallet.
But he was very surprised, the old man took out his false  teeth and bit his right eye with it. Then he put the money into his pocket and went away quickly.
The question is: After the old man knew   _  , he began to make a bet with the young man.
The possible answers are:
A:Mr Baker was there for the first time
B:Mr Baker wanted to win the five dollars back
C:Mr Baker knew he had false teeth
D:Mr Baker wasn't clever enoughStarting a new school term is always exciting. It is a chance to see your friends again. But most exciting of all, the new term is a chance to take up new hobbies. It is common in Britain for students to take up new hobbies after the Christmas holidays. Deciding to start something new is a common New Year plan.
Most schools provide different kinds of hobby classes. Students take them in their free periods or after school. Some classes you have to pay for and others are free. For example, I once took a free Wednesday evening gymnastics   class in my school. But when I learnt how to play the drum  my parents had to pay for the lessons.
The most popular hobby classes at my school were piano lessons and drama club. Both classes offered exams students could take. Students with many hobbies sometimes felt more stressed than those without any. But the students with hobbies left school with some more skills.
I haven't continued any of the hobbies I began at school. But I have never regretted(, ) taking them. My best friend today is someone I met in my gymnastics class.
The question is: Which of the following statements is right?
The possible answers are:
A:Students can take all hobby classes for free every term.
B:Few students in Britain take up new hobbies in a new term.
C:Students with many hobbies feel more excited at school.
D:one can make many friends in his or her hobby classes.Li Ming:  Hi, Lingling,! Nice to meet you!
Lingling: Hi, Li Ming! _ 
Li Ming:  How are you, Lingling?
Lingling: Fine, thanks. Mum, this is my friend, Li Ming. Li Ming, this is my mum, Mrs. Wang.
Li Ming:  Good afternoon, Mrs. Wang !
Mrs. Wang : Good afternoon, Li Ming! Welcome   to our home!
Li Ming:  _ 
.
The question is: "Me too!"  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:I'm fine too.
B:How are you?
C:Hello!
D:Nice to meet you too!Dear Jenny,
Gary is having a _ party after Month Exam! He invites all of us to come! Since it is a potluck party, I think I will bring some beef noodles. As I know, Lily will take care of the drinks and Gina will bring a big homemade chocolate cake. Can you ask your mom to buy us some KFC fried chicken? You know it is too far for all of us to ride a bike there, but your mom often drives there. We can pay the bill together. Just think about how surprised our classmates will feel when they see what we prepare! Isn't it great?
The party will start at noon on March 25, so be sure to be at Gary's place around 11:30 to prepare for the party. By the way, don't forget to invite Amy, who is good at music. If you have any other questions, just call me or write me back.
Take care!
Leo
The question is: Who will take fried chicken to the party?
The possible answers are:
A:Leo
B:Gary
C:Lily
D:JennyXiao Qing is a schoolboy. His brother works in a hospital of Beijing. This summer his brother lets him come to Beijing. Xiao Qing is very happy. He comes to the hospital for the first time.
One evening, Xiao Qing's brother gives him a ticket for a football match. It begins in the Capital Stadium  at eight clock in the evening.
Xiao Qing likes to watch football matches very much, but he doesn't know the way to the Capital Stadium. He asks a young man at the bus stop, "How much is the ticket to the Capital Stadium?" "Three yuan." Answers the young man.
Xiao Qing finds only two yuan in his pocket. He has to run to the next stop. When the bus comes to the stop, he sees the young man again. He asks the young man, "Now how much is the ticket?"
"Four yuan," the young man says with a smile. " You run in a contrary direction."
The question is: Does Xiao Qing know the way to the Capital Stadium?
The possible answers are:
A:I think so.
B:I don't know.
C:Yes, he does.
D:No, he doesn't.Computer games are more and more popular with teenagers. Games are fun. After hours of homework it's great to relax by playing a game. But do games ever do kidsany harm? And are there any ways parents can help kids stay away from bad games? US researches are trying to find answers to these questions.
One problem found that parents are not taking enough notice of their kids'games -playinghabits. Many games sells output controls   on the games to help parents make sure that children don't play things unsuitable for them, said David Walsh, president of the national Institute on media and the Family. Parents need to watch the games kids are playing and how much time they are spending playing them.
The study found that playing games too long can affect kids' health as well as their schoolwork. Almost half of all " heavy games" are six to 17 years old. These kids are more likely to have weight and eyesight problems than other kids. Playing too many games also affects(v)how children do in school.
Kids can ask their parents to set a time limit for playing games and remind them when the time is up. Don't forget to tell your parents about it.
The question is: Nearly 50% of all "heavy games " are   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:seven to 17 years old
B:six to 17 years old
C:17 years old
D:six years oldMy favourite shop is called' Model World'. It is on the second floor of Happy Plaza, near to Pizza Club. It is open from 10 a.m. to 8 p.m. every day.
Model World' sells all kinds of models. It has model soldiers, cars, boats, airplanes, space shuttles and even dinosaurs. It has models for young children and models for adults  . Some models have just about twenty pieces, and others have over 2,000 pieces. You can also buy paints and glue   and other things there.
The staff at ' Model World' is very nice. They are very interested in making models. They will give you advice, and answer all of your questions. The prices are not low but they are not high. My best buy was a model of a helicopter. It cost $ 30 but it had over 400 pieces. It was really fun to make. If you are interested in models, you should visit this shop.
The question is: The staff in the shop is very  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:experienced
B:helpful
C:young
D:strictIt was reported today that in China, 56% of people who write blogs  do so as a personal diary and 83% use their blogs for sending messages to friends. It was also found that there is a strong East- West difference. In places like the US, blogs that offer information on news attract more readers but in China, blogs are more likely to be about sharing personal feelings.
It seems that bloggers can be divided into three types: IT bloggers, bloggers who record their ordinary feelings and media  bloggers.
When blogging first started, the IT people had the technological advantage and they took the chance to put their thoughts on the web. Some of these IT people now have had over a million people read their blogs.
The next wave of bloggers did not have any training as writers or in IT and wrote about normal daily life. Media bloggers, however, are trained writers, such as journalists and editors. When the many media bloggers
, the everyday bloggers lost most of their readers. Media bloggers have the advantage of knowing how to communicate well through the written words.
However, the normal bloggers are still out there and increasing in number. It seems that blogging is the new way to express your feelings. People feel like the world is listening to, or rather reading, their problems, even if they are not.
The question is: Which of the following is true according to the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:There will be more and more normal bloggers.
B:Only bloggers express their feelings through the Internet.
C:All people in the world are listening to the bloggers' voice.
D:Media bloggers didn't have the advantage of knowing how to communicate well.Do you like travelling ?More and more students like riding bikes to travel on the road.But it may be dangerous on your trip.For your own safety ,do the following things.
Wear a bike helmet and it can protect your head.Look for a helmet that fits you well.Even the best,most expensive helmet won't protect you if it doesn't fit.
Wear the right clothes.They can make you feel better.And they can also protect you.Bright-colored clothes help people see you clearly-even in the daytime.Don't wear dark-colored clothes like black or brown while riding a bike.
Keep the rules of the road while riding a bike.Always ride on the right side of the street in the same _ .Never change your direction without first looking behind you.Don't ride too closely to cars-the cars may stop and the doors open suddenly !Finally,don't wear earphones while riding a bike-you need to hear what's going on around you.
The question is: If you wear a helmet in your bike riding on the road,it can  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:protect your body
B:protect your head
C:help your bike riding
D:protect your armsWhat part-time job do you do now?What do you do want to do in the future?Leave your comment here!
I've been working at Burger Bam for two months.I thought I'd hate it,but it's been really good.I've learned a lot how to work with people I would never normally meet.And I'm not as shy as I was.I don't think I want to work there forever,but it's given me some ideas about how to run a business.Maybe I'll learn business when I go to college.
Abby,15,from Toronto
I've had my own web design business for a year. I've designed about 20 websites for my friends.I've been doing most of the work on the weekends after I do my homework! I've bought a new computer with the money I earned. A little restaurants in my neighborhood has asked me to design a website for them, so my business is growing. I'm not sure what I want to do in the future, but I really like art and design. Maybe I should go into advertising.
Kwan,14,from Seattle
I've been volunteering at a senior citizen center on Saturday mornings. Some of my friends think I'm crazy, doing a job for no money, but I really like it. I think that in a few months, I'll try to get a paid part-time job in a law office because I want to study law in the future. There's a lot of competition for part-time jobs, but I think my volunteering will look good on my resume.
Tamanna,16,from Dallas
The question is: How many people have left their comments according to the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:Two.
B:Three.
C:Four.
D:Five.Twenty years ago, I drove a taxi for a living. One night I went to pick up a passenger at 2:30 AM. When I arrived there, I walked to the door and knocked, "Just a minute," answered a weak, elderly voice.
After a long pause, the door opened. A small woman in her eighties stood before me. By her side was a small suitcase.
When we got into the taxi, she gave me an address, and then asked, "Could you drive through downtown?"
"It's not the shortest way," I answered quickly.
"Oh, I'm in no hurry," she said. "I'm on my way to a hospice . I don't have any family left. The doctor says I don't have very long."
I quietly reached over and shut off the meter .
For the next two hours, we drove through the city. She showed me the building where she had once worked, the neighborhood where she had lived, and the furniture  shop that had once been ,a ballroom where she had gone dancing as a girl.
Sometimes she'd ask me to slow down in front of a special building and would sit staring into the darkness, saying nothing.
In the early morning, she suddenly said," I'm tired. Let's go now."
We drove in silence to the address she had given me.
"How much do I pay you?" she asked.
"Nothing." I said.
"You have to make a living," she answered. "Oh, there are other passengers," I answered.
Almost without thinking, I gave her a hug . She held on me and said, "You gave an old woman a little moment of joy."
The question is: The taxi driver did not get the money because he   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:wanted to give her a hand
B:shut off the meter by mistake
C:had received her payment already
D:was in a hurry to take other passengersSix Chinese Characters
Dear students,  our country has a long history.  Chinese characters usually have more than one meaning and some of them are particularly loved by Chinese people.  Here are the top six lucky ones.  Please note we use "pinyin" here because "pinyin" is the Chinese spelling system for the characters. For example, "fu" is the "pinyin" for good luck in Chinese.  "pinyin" "fu" is only the phonic   ( )  part of the character and if you want to know the meaning of good luck "fu",  you must read the Chinese character because "fu" also represents     other Chinese characters that sound the same.
1.  "fu" means blessing,  good fortune,  good luck. Chinese character "fu" is one of the most popular ones used during Chinese New Year. It is often displayed upside down on the front door of a house or an apartment.  The upside down"fu" means good luck comes since the character for upside down in Chinese sounds the same as the character for "come".
2. "Iu" means prosperity.
It is used to mean official's salary( ) in feudal ( ) China.
3.  "shou" means longevity.
Chinese character  "shou" also means life,  age or birthday.
4. "xi" is happiness.
The doubled character "xi" means double happiness. It is usually displayed everywhere at Chinese weddings.
5.  "cai" is wealth or money.
Chinese often say "money can make a ghost turn a millstone". It is to say money really can do a lot of things. But, still-money can't buy everything.
6.  "he" means harmomous.
People's harmony is an important part of Chinese culture. When you have harmomous
relations with others,   things will be a lot easier for you.
The question is: After reading the passage,  can we say that sound "he" only means harmony?
The possible answers are:
A:No, we can't.
B:Yes, we can.
C:I know several words read as "he".
D:Yes, you can.Look at this photo!  It is a photo of Sam' s family and Jack' s family. They are at Jack' s home. They have a party there.
Sam and Jack are good friends. Jack and his family will go on a round-the-world journey . They will start  from their home in America, and they will go to Japan, China,  India,  Australia,  Egypt, England, etc. Jack and his family have the party to say goodbye to their friends.
Jack' s son Nick is only 8. Sam's son, William, is Nick's good friend. He can't see Nick for a long time. He gives Nick a nice pen. He says it can help Nick remember  good things on their journey
.
The question is: What does William give Nick?
The possible answers are:
A:A pencil.
B:A map.
C:A pen.
D:A jacket.Last year I travelled to Finland. I enjoyed the time in the plane because I knew a friendly man there. He was from Italy, but we had no problem _ with each other. We both talked in English.
When I got to Finland, I visited Espoo, Oulu, Lahti and Tampere. The people there were very friendly. I also spent a lot of time in Helsinki -- the capital of Finland. People also called it the daughter of the sea. It was very clean. There I watched the Baltic Sea. It was very beautiful. One night, I went to the theatre to see a very interesting local play. Everything was OK but the sun, because the sunset   there was too early.
I had a very nice time in this country and I want to travel to it again.
The question is: What's the best title for the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:Finland, My Hometown
B:The Capital of Finland, Helsinki
C:My Journey to Finland
D:Finland, the Best CountryWanted: an English tutor  
Do you like kids? Are you outgoing  ? Do you have three years' experience   as   an English teacher? Do you have free time on Saturday and Sunday? We need a woman teacher for our daughter. She is twelve and she is not good at English.
For the job, you will.
Teach from 3:00pm to 6:00 pm.
Teach our daughter English.
Tell her stories   in English.
You will work at our house. We live in Beihai Road, Garden District. The pay   is Y=30 each hour.
If you want to know more information  , please call Mrs Yang at 82569876.
The question is: What is not a part of the job?
The possible answers are:
A:Cooking for the kid.
B:Working at the kid's house.
C:Being good with the kid.
D:Telling English stories to the kid.According lo a new survey . Students' safety has become a big problem .Nearly 50% of students say they are worried about robbery  on the way to and from school.Now in main big cities.in China some schools have taught all unusual lesson: self-protection. Students like this lesson because there are no exams or boring classes. And they can learn how to save lives and know how to stop danger before it really happens.
Chen Haoyu, a teacher at Beijing No 25 Middle School .give young students advice on how to deal with danger
If you are robbed
Keep calm.lf youcan not cry for help or run away.Give the robber your money.Try to remember what the robber looks like and tell the police later. If you are in a traffic accident.
It a car hitsyou. You should remember the car number.If it is a bicycle. Try to call your parents before you let the rider go. This is because you don't know how seriously you are hurt
If it is raining hard and there is lighting.  
Don't stay in high places and stayaway from trees.
When there is a fire.Get away as fast as yon can.Put wet things on your body and try to find an exit.Do not lake the lift.
If someone is drowning 
If you can't swim. don't get into the water. Cry out for help.
Remember that danger is never as far away as you think.Take care of yourself at alI times!
The question is: The best title for this passage is  _   .
The possible answers are:
A:How to Keep Calm
B:Self-protection
C:An usual lesson
D:DangerSpain is famous for its tomato festival, called La Tomatina. It happens in a small town Hanoi on the last Wednesday of August every year. During the festival there are all kinds of activities, but the most exciting part is the tomato fight. It takes place at the end of long celebration  . You are encouraged to throw tomatoes in the fight. There're many stories about how the festival began. One of the stories goes that during the 1940's, some friends started a tomato fight, while another story is about a local band. Anyway, everyone in Bunol seems to have a different story.
Before the tomato fight, there are parades  ,musical bands, street parties and so on. On the day of the fight, shopkeepers cover their windows and doors in order to keep away from the tomato fight. At the same time, thousands of tourists and local people come to the town square together. Then large trucks   full of tomatoes arrive. From theback of the large trucks, a great town band start to throw tomatoes at others. Then the crowds fight back, throwing the tomatoes at anything and anyone. Soon the streets are in the sea of red tomato juice.
Everyone is supposed to obey a small number of rules: You must squash   the tomato before throwing it and you are allowed to throw nothing but tomatoes.
It is usually over in less than half an hour. Everyone then sets off to the river to clearup. Sounds like fun!
The question is: The best title of the passage can be  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:Travel in Spain
B:The Tomato Festival in Spain.
C:The History of Spain
D:Rules of the Tomato FestivalThere is an old tiger in the forest  . He doesn't want to look for   food now. He often lets other animals get him some food to eat.
One day, he sees a monkey   and says,"I am hungry, monkey. Go and get me something to eat.""I can't do that now, tiger." the monkey says,"There is another tiger over there . He doesn't let me get anything for you to eat. I am afraid of   him." "What?" says the old tiger. "Take me to the tiger. I want to talk to him." The monkey and the tiger go to the bridge  over the river . "Now look down at the water." says the monkey. "Do you see the tiger?" "Yes, I do." says the old tiger. "Let me eat him." Then the tiger jumps  into the river.
The question is: The monkey   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:goes to get something to eat
B:goes to the bridge with the tiger
C:knows there is another tiger
D:tells the tiger to jump into the waterA young man and a young girl get married  . The man has much money, and he likes reading very much in his spare   time. The woman is very beautiful, but she doesn't have anything to do because the servant does everything for her every day. She isn't happy, either. Do you know the reason? Her _ is busy reading his books and has no time to stay with her every day.
One day, she says to her husband: "I would like to be a book!" "Why, dear?" the husband asks. "Then you will love to read me very much" "But I don't think so, dear. After I read one book, I usually read the next one soon," the husband answers.
The question is: The man likes   _   in his spare time.
The possible answers are:
A:fishing
B:swimming
C:reading
D:sleepingOnce my father asked me to hold his hammer while he repaired something, so we could have some time to talk to each other.
For 22 years, after I left home for college, he called me every Sunday at 9 am. He was always interested in my life and how my family was doing, and I never once heard him complain about his own life.
Nine years ago when I bought my first house, my father, 67 years old, spent eight hours a day painting it for three days. He would not allow me to pay someone to have it done. All he asked for was a glass of iced tea and for me to hold a paint brush for him and talk to him. But I was too busy.
Five years ago, at age 71, my father spent five hours putting together a swingset   for my daughter. Again, all he asked was that I get him a glass of iced tea and talk to him. But again, I was too busy.
Four years ago, my father drove all the way from Denver to Topeka, with an eight-foot Colorado blue spruce   in his trunk, so that my husband and I could have a part of Colorado growing on our land. I was preparing for a trip that weekend and couldn't spend much time with him.
Then, one day, my father telephoned me as usual, this time from my sister's home in Florida. We talked about the tree he had brought me, "Fat Albert", but that morning he called it "Fat Oscar", and he seemed to have forgotten some things. I had to get to church, so I cut the conversation short.
The call came at 4:40 pm that day: my father was in hospital in Florida with an aneurysm  . I got on a plane immediately, and on the way I thought of all the times I had not taken the time to talk to my father. I realized that I had no idea who he was or what his deepest thoughts were. I promised that when I arrived, I would make up for lost time.
I arrived in Florida at 1 am. My father had passed away at 9:12 pm. This time it was he who did not have time to talk to me.
The question is: What's the best title of this passage?
The possible answers are:
A:What a good father!
B:How busy I am.
C:Time keeps going.
D:My father and our family.During the day we work and play, and at night we sleep. Our bodies rest while we are sleeping. In the morning we are ready to work and play again. When we are asleep, our bodies grow most. When children feel tired and angry, they usually need more sleep. We can get our lessons better, and we feel better, too, when we have enough sleep. Boys and girls, eight or nine years old, need ten hours of sleep every night. Our bodies need plenty of  air when we sleep. If we do not get enough fresh air we wake up feeling tired. While in bed we must not cover our heads. If we do, our lungs will not get enough fresh air. If we open our windows at night we can have plenty of fresh air. Cool air is better than warm air. Boys and girls must get plenty of sleep if they want to grow and be strong.
The question is: How can you get enough fresh air at night? You can   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:open your windows
B:not sleep in bed
C:sleep ten hours
D:cover your headHolding doors open, picking up rubbish, thanking people ... these acts of kindness seem very small. But students at Tibbett Middle School know that it's the small acts that make the world a better place.
Eighth-graders from New Mexico, US, took part in the Random   Acts of Kindness Week from Feb 10 to 14. During the week, they tried their best to do kind things for others, or for the environment.
Celeste Murray, an English teacher at the school, started the activity. "I believe the world is changed by little things," she told the local newspaper. Over the week, Murray said she has seen changes in her class. Previously, she asked her students to push the chairs in after class. Now, the students do it by themselves. "The teachers will have less work," said Elisa Castaneda, one of Murray's students.
Jordan Marshall, another eighth-grader, spent the week giving out praise  . "It makes that person's day  ," she said. "Besides helping others, the activity made students feel that they can make a difference," Murray said.
Eighth-grader Haley Echols decided to continue to do at least one act of kindness every week. She believes her acts could encourage others.
The question is: What kind of act of kindness is not mentioned?
The possible answers are:
A:Giving out praise.
B:Holding doors open.
C:Picking up rubbish.
D:Donating money.About ten men in every hundred have the trouble of color blindness in some way. Women are luckier, only about one in two hundred is affected in this matter. Perhaps, after all ,it is safer to be driven by a woman.
There are different kinds of color blindness. For example, a man cannot see deep red. He may think that red, orange and yellow are all shades   of  green. Sometimes a person can't tell the difference between blue and green. Only a few unlucky men may see everything in shades of green-- a strange world indeed.
Color blindness in human beings is a different thing to explain. In only one eye there are millions of very small things called "cones " . These help us to see in the bright light and to tell differences between colors. These are also millions of "rods" ,but these are used for seeing when it is nearly dark. They show us shapes but not colors.
Some insects have favorite colors. Mosquitoes  like blue but do not like yellow. A red light will not attract insects, but a blue light will. Human beings also have favorite colors. Yet we are lucky. With the help of the cones in our eyes, we can see many beautiful colors by day, and with the help of the rods we can see shapes at night.
The question is: With the help of the "cones", we can  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:tell different shapes
B:kill insets
C:see in the dark
D:tell orange from yellowMr. King goes to a dinner party. He is wearing old clothes. He comes into the room. But people in the room do not look at him. They don't ask him to sit at the table.
Mr. King goes home and puts on his good clothes. He goes back to the party. Everyone in the room stands up and smiles  at him. They give him the very good food to eat.
Mr. King takes off his coat, and puts it in the food and says, "Eat, coat!"                                 The other people ask, "What are you doing?" He answers, "I'm asking my coat to eat the food. I am wearing my old clothes. You do not look at me. You do not ask me to sit down. Now, I am in these clothes. And you give me very good food. Now I see, you give the food for my clothes not for me!"
The question is: Mr. king takes off his coat, and  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:eats the good food
B:asks it to eat the good food
C:asks the other to eat the food
D:asks the old clothes to eat the good foodI think that I am very lucky because I have a lot of friends. My best friend is Mai. She is 16 years old. She is 2 years older than me. We live in the same village. She is my neighbor and we are now classmates, so we have been friends for so long. Mai is tall and thin. With long black hair, she has got an oval  face with big bright eyes, a high nose and a small mouth. Mai is very beautiful, especially when she smiles.
She is always helpful, polite and honest . When her friends have difficulties, she always tries her best to help them. Although we have the same hobbies and interests, we have different personalities . I am sociable and enjoy telling jokes. My classmates think that I'm rather outgoing .Unlike me, Mai is quite serious and prefer quietness to noise.However, we can keep secrets together,  so we are close friends. Mai is one of the best students in my class and she works hard. I like doing homework with her. She always tries her best to help me with my studies. I think as time goes by, our friendship will be deeper and deeper.
The question is: The best title for this passage is"  _  "
The possible answers are:
A:How to Make Friends
B:My Good Friend--Mai
C:How to Help Others
D:Some Advice on FriendshipThere would be a school party on Friday evening. The girls were talking about what they were going to wear.
"I'm going to wear a black dress, so everybody will notice me," said Emily. "How about you, Linda?"
"I'm not sure. Maybe jeans, an old shirt, and a hat. People will notice me more than you!" Linda said.
"What are we going to do about the boys?" asked Jane. "Do you remember the last school party, last year? They just stood there, and we girls had to dance by ourselves!"
"I hear that some of the boys learned how to dance this summer. Maybe it'll be better
this time," said Mary.
The party was held on Friday evening. Groups of students arrived. The music began. The girls stood in a line on one side, and the boys on another side. Mr. Green, their teacher, tried to get them together, but failed. After a while, Tim said, "I don't want to stand here the whole time. The party is only for two hours. It'll be over soon." He started to dance. All the others watched him. Then David asked Emily if she wanted to dance. Then Jack and Linda. Then, all began to dance. Soon there were more dancers than watchers.
The question is: The party was   _   last year.
The possible answers are:
A:better than
B:not so good as
C:as good as
D:as bad asLook at the clothes line   in the twins' bedroom. There are some clothes on it. You can see a green blouse, a yellow skirt and a pair of trousers. The trousers on the clothes line are black. They are not new but clean. Are they Lily's clothes? No, they are Lucy's. Lily's clothes are on a clothes tree    near the window. Her trousers are brown. Her blouse is white and her skirt is blue. There is a new hat on the clothes tree, but it's not Lily's, it's Lucy's. Lucy's jacket s  are on her bed.  There are no clothes on Lily's bed.
The question is: What color are Lucy's trousers?
The possible answers are:
A:Green.
B:Black.
C:Brown.
D:White." To seek  happiness is to look for it" was once said by the famous French author Jules Renard. Look for it? Sure...but don't spend a lifetime trying, especially if it's well within your reach but you're just too blind to see it. Discover the three keys to happiness that you have already understood, but that you are just too afraid to find it.
1. Accepting Yourself
The idea of happiness is difficult to understand if you are not at peace with yourself. Learn to accept yourself as you are. Your next step will be to improve your attitude for tomorrow, for the next day, for the day after that, and so forth.
By beginning to accept reality, you will come to the final point of true happiness. Only when you are at peace with yourself, will you finally be able to admit  that you are, in fact, a happy person.
2. Forgiving Others
Forgiving others is a true show of humanity  which also allows us to feel more at ease. When you learn to forgive, you also learn to keep a firm hold on your life. To forgive is to open the doors of personal satisfaction. Yet you simply open your mind to answer, " Do I really want to allow my anger to grow and eat me from inside out?"
3. Helping Your Neighbors
When a friend seems to be suffering from a state of depression  , it's quite easy to help him or her out of the trouble. The best attitude to have in this situation is to make him or her understand that he or she is not alone.
If you come to save a friend in need, you'll feel a lot more at peace with yourself. You will feel high--spirited by knowing that someone is looking at life on the brighter side thanks to your kind words.
,.
The question is: What's the wriyer's purpose in mentioning what Jules Renard said?
The possible answers are:
A:To please the readers.
B:To encourage the readers.
C:To lead in the topic of the passage.
D:To support the topic of the passage.Hello, I'm Ann. This is a photo of my family. There are four members   in my family. The woman in the photo is my mother Mary. She is a teacher. She likes reading. The man is my father Jack. He's a teacher, too. He can play football, but he can't play basketball. Look, the lovely baby is my brother Mike. I like my family very much.
The question is: What does my mother like?
The possible answers are:
A:My mother likes reading.
B:My mother likes singing.
C:My mother likes dancing.
D:My mother likes typing.In the ancient Arabic story called Ali Baba and the Forty Thieves, the young hero Ali Baba said "Open Sesame" and a door to hidden treasures was opened to him.The old story had a special meaning for Ma Yun.He drew inspiration from _ for Alibaba.com - Chinese largest e-commerce website.
In 1995, Ma Yun was working for a US trading company when he was introduced to the Internet."I know nothing about computers and has never touched a keyboard," he said.He searched the word "beer" and nothing came up about Chinese products.
Ma Yun had an idea.Why not build a large Internet market to connect customers with companies from all over the world? They could do business online in that way.That was how Alibaba began.His company grew quickly.But that didn't mean everything went smoothly.In 2000, many Internet companies failed including Alibaba.But later, he was successful because he managed to attract  investment into his company."You should stick to your dream," he said."Everyone thought I was daydreaming when I started.But the most important thing is that we believe in our dream from past to today and tomorrow.Of course we made many mistakes, but we never give up."
Ma Yun is also smart.For him, success in business is like trying to catch a rabbit.If there are nine rabbits, focus on catching one - don't try to catch them all," he said."Change your ways if you need to, but don't change the rabbit.Get one first, put it in your pocket and then catch the others."
The question is: What happened to Ma Yun in 2000?
The possible answers are:
A:He founded his own company.
B:His company grew quickly and smoothly.
C:His company failed like many others.
D:He was successful though he had no investment.(1) My name is Danny. I'm from England. I am eleven. I'm tall with black hair.
I have two big eyes. My fax number is 010-74862635.
(2) Hello! I am Jane. I'm from the USA. I have a round face and two big eyes. I'm
short and thin. I'm twelve. My parents work in Beijing.
(3) Look at the photo. Who's the girl in it? It's me, an English girl. My name is Amy.
I'm in Grade Seven. I'm twelve. My home phone number is 022-43765986. I have a round face and long, black hair. I like Chinese very much, and I'm very
good at it.
(4). Who am I? I'm from Japan. My name is Yukio. I'm thirteen. Now I'm in
Beijing. I'm short, and I'm very heavy . I have two short legs.
The question is: Danny and Amy have   _   hair.
The possible answers are:
A:long
B:short
C:yellow
D:blackWe've talked about snails  and their slow move. But much of the time snails don't move at all. They are in their shells --sleeping.
Hot sun will dry out a snail's body. So at the least sign of hot sun, a snail draws its body into his shell. A snail will die in a heavy rain. So when it rains, a snail does the same thing, too. A snail can sleep for as long as it needs to. It spends all the winter months in its shell, asleep.
In the spring the snail wakes up. Its body, about three inches long, comes out from the shell. When hungry, the snail looks for food. Its eyes, at the end of the top feelers, are very weak. But its sense of smell is very strong. It helps the snail to find food and the new greens.
A snail's mouth is no bigger than the point of a pin. Yet it has 256,000 teeth! The teeth are very small, and you can't see them. If you put a snail in a hard paper box, it will eat its way out! And if a snail wears out its teeth, it will grow new ones.
The question is: In the sentence "A snail draws its body into its shell", the word "draw" means   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:to make with a pencil
B:to push
C:to pull
D:to move awayMartin's Clothes Store
Come and buy your clothes at Martin's Clothes Store! We have pants, shorts, hats and more at very good prices! Come and have a look!
Clothes Price
black pants
blue pants
green pants $20
$18
$22
shorts ( all colours)   $10
hats (all colours)  $14
socks (all colours) $5
red skirts
blue skirts
white skirts    $12
$14
$11
white T-shirts
green T-shirts  $7
$8
red sweaters
yellow sweaters $30
$28
The question is: Rose can't buy  _  at Martin's Clothes Store.
The possible answers are:
A:red hats
B:blue socks
C:green pants
D:black T-shirtsSarah ran in, shouting, "Look what I found!"  Over the top of the paper I was reading; came a terrible thing that caused me to jump. It was a snake skin found in our garden.
"Isn't it beautiful?" said my seven-year-old daughter.
I opened my eyes widely and looked at the snake skin in fear . I didn't think it was beautiful, but I learned never to appear nonchalant with children. Everything they see for the first time is important to their sense of beauty; they see only excellence in the world.
"Why does it do this?"  Sarah asked.
"Snakes shed  their skins because they need to renew themselves,"  I explained.
"Why do they need to renew  themselves?" Sarah asked.
"We often need to shed our skins, those coatings that we cover ourselves with," I said to my daughter. "We leave some things and find other thing unwanted or unnecessary. This snake no longer needs this skin. It is probably too little for him, and he probably doesn't think he looks as smart in it as he once did. "
As we talked, I knew that she began to understand. Although she couldn't understand clearly, she would know that renewal is part of progress; that we need to take a good look at ourselves, our rooms, schoolwork and spirit, and see what we need to keep and what we need to leave.  I was careful to tell that this is a natural way, not one to be forced.
"Snakes don't peel off their skins when they like them. "I explained. "It happens as a natural thing of their growth. "
"I see, Dad," said Sarah as she held the snake skin, and then ran off.
I hoped she would remember this; we need to throw some away because they are worthless or unnecessary. Then we can store them as memories in our deep hearts.
The question is: Father jumped up when her daughter came to him with a snake skin because   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:he didn't want to read any more
B:he was in great fear of it
C:he wanted to praised her daughter
D:he hated snakesThe motivation to succeed comes from the burning desire to achieve a purpose. Napoleon Hill wrote, "whatever the mind of man can conceive   and believe, the mind can achieve."
A young man asked Socrates   the secrets to success. Socrates told the young man to meet him near the river the next morning.  When they meet, Socrates asked the young man to walk with him towards the river. When the water got up to their necks, Socrates took the young man by surprise and pressed him into the water. The boy struggled  to get out but Socrates was strong and kept him there until the boy stared turning blue. Socrates pulled his head out of the water and the first thing the young man did was to gasp  and take a deep breath of air. Socrates asked, "What did you want the most when you were there?" the boy replied. "Air." Socrates said," That is the secret to success. When you want success as badly as you wanted the air, then you will get it. There is no other secret."
A burning desire is the starting point of all accomplishment . Just like a small fire cannot give much heat, a weak desire cannot produce great results.
The question is: Which statement is TRUE according to the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:A weak desire cannot take you to success.
B:A burning desire can make you succeed anytime.
C:The secret to success is to take a deep breath under the water.
D:Socrates is the only one who knows the secret to success.There was a lovely vegetable patch  . A large tree grew there. Both the patch and the tree gave the place a wonderful look, and they were the pride  of the gardener. But no one know that the vegetables and the tree couldn't stand   each other. The vegetables hated the tree's shadow   , because it left them only just enough light to live. The tree, on the other hand, hated the vegetables because they drank nearly all the water, leaving him just enough to live.
Their problem became so serious that the vegetables decided to use up all the water in the ground so that the tree would die. The tree answered back by not protecting the vegetables from the hot sun, so they began to dry up. Soon the vegetables were really weak, and the tree was drying up.
The gardener wondered why and stopped watering them. When he did that, both the tree and the vegetables found that it was better to help each other. They learned how to live _ with those around them. So they decided to work together, using both the shade and the water to grow well. After seeing how well they were doing, the gardener gave the best care to the vegetable patch, watering and fertilizing   it better than any other patch for miles around.
The question is: The passage is mainly about   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:why the sunlight and water were very important
B:how the gardener took care of his vegetable patch
C:why the gardener was proud of his vegetable patch
D:what happened between the vegetables and the treeYou hurry into the kitchen,open the refrigerator and suddenly you forget why you open it."What am I looking for?"You ask yourself."What am I doing here?"Don't worry.You are not losing your mind.We have all had this kind of thing.If you think about something very quickly,it goes into your short-term memory and it goes right back out in just a few seconds.You have not moved things from short-term to long-term memory,so you won't be able to remember it later on.
What can you do to help get back your missing short-term memory?You may go back to where you were.So,for example,if you were sitting in a chair listening to the music in the living room,just go back into the living room.This will help you remember,and when you are back in the living room,you will suddenly think,"Oh,yes,I was thirsty and I wanted something cold to drink.That is why I went to the fridge."If,sometimes,you can't go back to where you were before,just try tracing your steps back in your mind.Think back to things you did before,and this may help you.
The question is: We sometimes forget why we open the refrigerator, probably because  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:We lose our mind.
B:We are not thirsty.
C:We think about something too quickly.
D:we won't be able to remember things.Three kids have been learning chemistry for only a few months. But they have already begun to challenge   a world famous scientist!
Li Weichi, Huang Runling, and Xiao Yan are from Zhongshan Huaqiao Middle School in Guangdong. They have just found a red cabbage that could be a new kind of acid-base indicator  . They want it to take the place of litmus   paper.
"We've learnt to think of and ask questions about life by ourselves," said Li, "We work well with each other."
British scientist Robert Boyle discovered the use of litmus paper over 300 years ago. Now it is used widely in experiments all over the world.
But when the kids did some experiments in class last winter, they saw that the litmus paper didn't turn very blue with base matter. It's hard to get a clear result.
Will there be a better indicator than litmus paper? The three kids decided to try and find out!
How? They went to collect over 40 plants in parks, gardens and markets. Then they ground   leaves, flowers and stems   to get the pigments   from them.
The kids mixed pigments with acid and base. They spent months watching carefully to see which paper showed the best colour change. They decided it was the litmus paper!
"It's our first scientific journey, Huang said, "But it makes me want to try harder."
The question is: The story mainly tells us   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:how to make litmus paper
B:about the three kids' spirit
C:scientists were wrong
D:the kids are heroesIs getting a black belt  on your life's to-do list? Then this elderly woman in San Francisco just might be your hero.
Just two years before her 100th birthday, Sensei Keiko Fukuda has become the first woman to achieve a tenth-degree black belt --- the highest rank in Judo  . Fukuda is now one of only four living people who have earned the tenth-degree black belt. Throughout history, only 16 people have ever achieved this honor.
Fukuda began practicing Judo in 1935 and is the only surviving student of its founder, Kano Jiguro.
At her teacher's requirement, she learned English to help spread Judo internationally.
During a time when getting married, building a family and becoming a housewife were the norms ,Fukuda broke from tradition, continuing Judo instead of getting married.
"All I did was Judo ... This was my marriage," Fukuda replied tearfully to the San Francisco Chronicle. "This is when my destiny   was set. I just imagined how long the road would be."
She described the Jiguro's school as "old-fashioned and sexist  about belts and ranks". In fact, an edict  that prevented women from achieving any higher than a fifth-degree black belt kept Fukuda at that level for 30 years. She finally got the sixth degree in 1972 when a women's division was created.
Fukuda thinks Judo and her life to be "gentle, kind and beautiful, yet firm and strong, both mentally and physically". Fukuda says this kind of beauty is not external . She explained. "I believe this inner beauty is true beauty... All my life this has been my dream."
Her dream was turned into reality, and the 98-year-old Sensei Keiko Fukuda continues to teach Judo three times a week at a women's Judo training center.
The question is: Which of the following is NOT TRUE according to the article?
The possible answers are:
A:She is the first woman to achieve the highest rank in Judo.
B:It took her 30 years to get a tenth-degree black belt.
C:Her teacher wanted her to help spread Judo to other parts of the world.
D:Only one woman and fifteen men have ever earned the tenth-degree black belt in the history.I am sitting on a beach on this hot summer day and watching two children,a  boy and a girl,playing in the sand.They are working hard at building a sandcastle .Just when they are successful, a big wave comes along and puts it down.
I think the children may cry because all their hard work turns to nothing, but they surprise me. They run up away from the water, hand in hand, and sit down to build another one.
They really teach me a lesson. We can't always be successful.Being sad is doing no good.What we need to do is to start again, hand in hand with our friends.
The question is: What's the main idea of the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:Friends are always there with you
B:Children know more about life.
C:All of us want to be successful.
D:Starting again is the best way.BEIJING--Heavy haze   still covered north and east China on Saturday, with
highways closed and flights delayed or canceled  .
The smoggy weather affected the country's land from north to south, including Beijing, Hebei, Shandong, Jiangsu, Shanghai, Zhejiang, Hunan, Guangxi and Guangdong, with visibility less than 50 meters in some areas.
Cities like Shanghai and Nanjing have been enveloped in the grey sky for the past several days. Many walkers in the street had to wear masks. In the Lukou airport in Nanjing, Jiangsu Province, more than 60 inbound and outbound flights were canceled on Saturday because of the hazy, which also forced primary and middle schools and kindergartens to stop classes on Thursday and Friday in Nanjing.
The Ministry of Environmental Protection said earlier this week that there were several main reasons behind the widespread haze: unfavorable weather conditions making it difficult for pollutants to diffuse  , motor vehicle exhaust  , coal use for winter heating.
The Chinese government now plans to clean up the air by cutting coal use, closing some factories and promoting cleaner production.
"We must face up to the realities," said Yan Naiqiang, a professor of environmental science at Shanghai Jiao Tong University. "The treatment of smog will be a long battle."
The question is: Which of the following statements is TRUE?
The possible answers are:
A:Few people go out because of the heavy haze.
B:China is trying to take action to solve such kind of problems.
C:Big cities in east China are easily affected by the bad weather.
D:Students in Shanghai even stop their classes because of the bad weather.Do you want to go by ship to Australia or anywhere? A big ship may help you. It looks like a big house. There are rooms for everyone. In the day you can swim in the pool or play games on the ship. You can even see a film on the ship. Sometimes you can see birds flying around you. They are flying here and there. Look at the picture of the ship. Does it look like a house? It's very large. And it's the most luxury passenger liner  in the world, called 'Freedom of the Seas' . The ship is 339 meters long and 38.6 meters wide, with a golf field on it. It's so cool to take a trip on a ship!
The question is: You can swim  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:in the day
B:in the evening
C:in the afternoon
D:in the seaHello, everyone, I'm Xing Fei. I'm from China. My family name is Xing. I live in Bei Jing. My family is very large. In my family, my grandfather's father is the oldest one. He is now ninety-nine years old. My grandfather is eighty years old. And my grandma is eighty-two years old. They have four children, my uncle, my father, and my two aunts. I'm their grandson. My parents have two children, my sister and me. And I have four cousins. Now, I'm a student in No. 10 Middle school. And my sister is only five years old. My parents are both teachers. They love my family very much. So they work hard. We go to the park every morning. My mother says that it can help us keep healthy.
The question is: Xing Fei has   _   uncle   _   aunts
The possible answers are:
A:one; two
B:two; one
C:three; one
D:one; threeEach nation  has many good people who help to take care of others. For example, some high school and college students in the United States often spend many hours as volunteers in hospitals, orphanages   or homes for the old. They read books to the people in these places, or they just visit them and play games with them or listen to their problems.
Other volunteers go and work in the homes of people who are sick or old. They paint, clean up, or repair their houses, do their shopping or mow  their lawns . For boys who no longer have fathers there is an organization called Big Brothers. College students and other men take these boys to baseball games or on fishing trips and help them to get to know things that boys usually learn from their fathers.
Each city has a number of clubs where boys and girls can go to play games or learn crafts . Some of these clubs show movies or organize short trips to the mountains, beaches, museums or other places of interest. Most of these clubs use a lot of high school and college students as volunteers because they are young enough to remember the problems of younger boys and girls.
Volunteers believe that some of the happiest people in the world are those who help to bring happiness to others.
,
The question is: What is Big Brothers?
The possible answers are:
A:It's the name of a club.
B:It's a home for children who have no brothers.
C:It's the name of a film.
D:It's an organization for boys who no longer have fathers.A very young boy, Tom, lives a long way from the city. One day he goes to the city to visit his friend, Jack. Jack asks Tom to have lunch together. They go into the restaurant and sit down at a table. Tom looks around and he sees some old people put eye glasses on before reading their books, so after lunch he goes to a shop to buy some glasses, too. He walks along the road, and soon finds a shop. The man in the shop makes him try on a lot of glasses, but Tom always says, "No, I can't read with these."
The man in the shop becomes more and more puzzled  . At last he says, "Excuse me, but can't you read at all?"
"No, I can't." Tom says, "If I can read, do you think I come here to buy glasses?"
The question is: In fact , Tom   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:likes eye glasses
B:goes to the wrong shop
C:can't read at all
D:knows the man in the shopPeople like to read or listen to stories, especially children. After reading, some children wish to be writers some day. They want to write stories or books for people to read. That's good! It's good to write something for people to read! But they should know that they need to be good readers first before they are really good writers. They should read a lot of books. Instead of  watching TV and spending a lot of time playing games when they are free. There is more fun in reading. After you read some good books, you may want to look for more books to read. Before you decide to be a good writer, you should say to yourself. "I must read more and more to become better and better at writing!"
The question is: Which of the following is good for children to be writers?
The possible answers are:
A:They should do a lot of reading.
B:They should watch TV in the evening.
C:They should have wishes only.
D:They should be good writers right now.Pieter Bruegel was a famous artist who lived in Europe five hundred years ago. He is well known for a painting calledChildren's Games. People like this painting because it is full of fun. It shows how children in Pieter's time enjoyed themselves in different ways. In all, there are about eighty games being played in the painting.
Children's Gamesshows a busy street scene in a town long ago. The street is a wide and open space. There are no cars, so there is plenty of room to play. There are about two hundred children in the painting. Some play in groups and others play alone. They seem to be enjoying their freedom in the fresh air and their games. Some of the games are still played today.
The games in the painting do not require children to spend money on extra materials . Instead, they use simple everyday objects like hats and sticks. A game might need a rope, some chalk, a hoop, a spinning top, or even a barrel. Some games are played without any toys at all. For example, one scene in the painting shows children turning somersaults  inside the fence.
Even though Pieter Bruegel lived a long time ago, children today can learn an important lesson from what he painted. The painting shows us how little we need in order to enjoy ourselves. All children really need is one another. It's not the toys or games that are found in the stores that create fun. Using our imagination can do this for us.
The question is: From the painting we learn that   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:children today need to take more lessons
B:children can create fun by using imagination
C:children need more toys to enjoy themselves
D:children spend much money on everyday objectsPeople like to say:"The hand that rocks the cradle rules the world."Or theysay:"Behind every successful man,there is a woman."
Now some women still like making their husbands and sons successful.But some women want more for themselves.They want to be successful as men.
Today the best jobs are still given to men.Even when women do the same work,they are often paid less than men.Some women want these things changed.They want to stand beside the men,with the same chances for success.
Now many American women are earning money outside their homes.More than half of the women at the age of eighteen to sixty-five have good jobs.In general,working women have more education than those who stay at home.
Among women with jobs,eight out of ten drive a car to work,and most of them often spend their holidays away from home.They like traveling by air.Women's work has made several changes in women's lives and in men's lives,too.
But things are quite different from those in the Middle East countries.
In the Middle East countries,women have to stay at home.They look after their families and do all the housework.They can't find work outside.When they go out in public.they cover their faces with something and walk behind their husbands.
For the past few years the women's life has been changing in those countries.Many women want to play an active role in the society.Though working gives them few chances of getting married,many men still want to marry them in the old ways.
The question is: Working gives women  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:the chance to receive more education than men
B:chances to play an important role in the society
C:more pay than men
D:fewer chances of getting marriedBaseball is one of the favorite sports in the U.S.A. Children play baseball in sports field or in parks.
At summer picnics, there is often an informal baseball game. Boys and girls, the young and the old, take turns to beat. Each team has 9 players.
The baseball season goes from April to September. During this time, baseball matches are on TV and members of the important baseball teams become America's heroes. At the end of season, the two top teams play against each other. Many baseball fans go along to watch the game. Millions of others listen to the radio and watch television. People seem to talk only about the result and the players.
American football is perhaps the most popular sport in the U.S.A. The football season begins when the baseball season ends. More people are interested in football than baseball when there is an important game. Thousands of people sit beside the radio or in front of the television set to hear or watch the result.
The question is: According to the passage,   _   may be the most popular sport in the U.S.A.
The possible answers are:
A:baseball
B:soccer
C:American football
D:volleyballFun places to visit in Singapore
Jurong Bird Park
At Jurong Bird Park you can see more than 5,000 birds and even feed some of them by hand! If feeding birds makes you hungry, you can join the park's parrots for lunch.
PulauUbin
Take a small boat into Singapore's past.A 10-minute ride will take you to this island.The life on the island has not been changed since the 1960s.
Malls and Markets
Walk through Orchard Road's modern malls.Then try an open-air shopping experience at the markets.There you can buy inexpensive clothes,toys and old furniture.
Night Safari
Night Safari lets you see animals that are active at night in their natural environment.Walk through the park at night to get close to the animals from seven different areas.
The question is: Where can you get to know Singapore's past?
The possible answers are:
A:At Jurong Bird Park.
B:At PulauUbin.
C:Malls and Markets.
D:At Night Safari.A famous foreign company in China wanted a Clerk for its public relation department  .
A beautiful girl with a master's degree  went through a lot of challenges and her name was on the list. In the final stage she faced an interview together -with another girl. Both of them were outstanding , not only in looks but also in education.
The girl was successful in the interview. It seemed that she would get the chance. At last the examiner asked her, "Can you come to the office next Monday?" Shocked by the unexpected question, the beautiful girl couldn't make a decision at the moment, so she said, "I have to talk with my parents before I give an answer. " The examiner felt surprised but said calmly, "If so, let' s wait till you are ready. "
The next day, the girl came to tell the examiner that her parents had agreed to let her begin work next Monday. But the examiner said regretfully  , "Sorry, another suitable candidate  has got the job. You had better try another place. "The beautiful girl was surprised. She asked for an explanation  and was told, "What is needed here is a person who knows her own mind. "
That was how a good opportunity _ a beautiful girl ran away.
The question is: The best title for the passage above might be  _
The possible answers are:
A:Make Decisions With Your Parents
B:A Successful Interview
C:Use Your Own Mind
D:Answer the Examiner's Question QuicklyThe first Thanksgiving was in 1621. Each year, we celebrate Thanksgiving on the fourth Thursday of November. What do American children think of Thanksgiving? This is what some of them wrote.
Thanksgiving is a holiday to say "Thank you". It means eating turkey and having a special party with your family.
Thanksgiving is giving thanks to people that help you. I think it is a special holiday. You give thanks to your family and your friends.
Annie
Lots of people have done things for me that I like. Lots of people like to make me happy, like my mum.
Many people have done things for me and make sure I am all right. I am pleased that people care about me.
Most people I know give me money or presents at Thanksgiving. Sometimes people take me to visit places or ask me to their houses.
I like to do nice things for other people. Also I hope people help me when I get old.
Jeremy
Once we were at my grandparents' house during Thanksgiving and we went to the store to buy a turkey, but they didn't have any, so we had to buy a live one. When we went out to kill it, it had gone! There was nothing left except feathers . That year we had to eat chicken instead of  turkey.
Eleanor
I'm thankful for having a really good mum who looks after me so well and having good teachers and especially Ms. McMillan because she helps to try new things. I love all my family.
I enjoy Thanksgiving because I eat turkey with all my family and I love it.
Ryan
The question is: Eleanor and her family ate chicken because  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:they didn't like eating turkey
B:the live turkey ran away before they killed it
C:chicken was delicious
D:they like eating chickenToday is Linda's mother's birthday. It is also Teachers' Day. Linda's mother is a math teacher. So today is her birthday and also her festival. Linda and her brothers buy presents   for their mother. Linda buys a good skirt for Mother. Her two brothers buy Mother a big birthday cake. Linda's father also has a present. He prepares   a ring for his _ . Linda's mother is very happy. The family love her so much. It is a great birthday for her.
The question is: How many kids does Linda's mother have?
The possible answers are:
A:2.
B:3.
C:4.
D:5.An explosion( )  from a factory in Kunshan killed at least 69 people and more than 120 people got hurt. China had its worst accident in industry on a Saturday in 2014.
The accident happened in Kunshan city, Jiangsu Province in China. And the explosion was from Zhongrong Metal Products Company, who makes car wheels for the U.S. The Kunshan government told us 264 workers were there when the explosion happened and 44 died at once. "We heard a really loud explosion at about 7 a.m. this morning, so we rushed out of our rooms, " said Zhou Xu, a 26-year-old worker at that company. Another worker said, "First the ambulance came and then many wives rushed to the factory to see if their husbands were okay."
Now, Shanghai government is sending doctors to Kunshan to save the wounded. And the doctor said the number of the dead may increase.
Chinese government is looking into the cause of the disaster. And President Xi also paid special attention to it. He said, " Those who are found responsible  must be punished."
The question is: Who is Zhou Xu?
The possible answers are:
A:The leader in Zhongrong Metal Products Company.
B:A worker in Zhongrong Metal Products Company.
C:Someone works for Kungshang government.
D:The wife of one of the wounded .Sunshine For All
The Beijing Sunshine Secondary School students are holding a charity show at the school hall of Beijing Sunshine Secondary School, Sunny Street, Sunshine Town.
Date: 29 April
Time: 7:30 p. m.9:00 p. m.
We hope to raise money to help poor children go to school.
Ticket price:  $20
Donations are welcome.
Programme:
7:30 p. m. Introduction
7:40 p. m. Songs
8:00 p. m. Break
8:15 p. m. Speech
8:30 p. m. Drama
9:00 p. m. End of the show
Project Hope is an organization that raises money to build schools and buy books for poor students.
We would like to thank the following for their help and support:
The teachers at Beijing Sunshine Secondary School
The Star Shopping Mall for the costumes
Sunshine Advertisement Company for the posters
The question is: When will the charity show be held?
The possible answers are:
A:7:30 p. m.9:00 p. m., 29 April.
B:7:30 a. m.9: 00 a. m., 29 April.
C:7:30 a. m.9: 00 p. m. 29 May.
D:7:30 p. m.9: 00 p. m. 29 May.When Mary was seven, her family moved to a new town. She usually went to school by bus, for it was not near her house.
One morning, their family clock stopped and when they got up, it was too late for Mary to catch the school bus. Her mother said she would drive Mary to school on her way to the office.
"But how can you find the way, Mum?" Mary asked. " You have only been to my school once.
"Yes," her mother answered. "But you've been there by school bus seven times, you know the way. "Oh, yes" said Mary.
They started out and Mary asked her mother to turn one way or another on their way to school, so she made her mother drive round most of the town before they got there. When they arrived, her mother found it was not really very far from their house.
"Why did you make me go such a long way?" her mother asked her. "Well, Mum." answered Mary. "I know only this way. The bus always goes like this, so the other children can take it to school."
The question is: Why did one morning Mary got up late?
The possible answers are:
A:Her mother forgot to wake her up.
B:The family clock stopped.
C:She was not feeling well.
D:She wanted to sleep more.Every student in America likes popular music. Students carry small radios  with earphones  and listen to music before class, after class and at lunch. Students with cars buy large speakers  and play the music as they drive on the street.
Adult  drivers listen to music on the car radio as they drive to work. They also listen to the news  about sports, the weather, the life of American people. Most of the radio programmes  are music.
Pop music singers make much money. Once the popular singer is famous all over the country, young people buy his or her tapes . Some of the money from these tapes comes to the singer. Wherever the singer goes, all the young people want to meet him or her.
There are other kinds of music. They are important to Americans. One is folk music. It tells stories about the common life of Americans. Another is western  or country music. This kind of songs started by cowboys watching. Today, any music about country life and the love between a country boy and his girl we call western or country music.
The question is: Who wants to meet pop singers when they are famous?
The possible answers are:
A:students.
B:Adult drivers.
C:All the young people.
D:All girls.This is No. 2 Middle School. My friend, Wei Hua is in the school. She is fifteen. She is in Class Three, Grade Two. Wei Hua has two good friends. They are Kate and Lily. Kate is from England. She is fifteen, too. But She is in No. 3 Middle School. She is in Class One, Grade Two. Lily is an American girl. She is fifteen, too. She is in No. 2 Middle School, too. She is in Class Two, Grade Two. Lily's Chinese teacher is Miss Yang. Lily likes Chinese very much. She can speak Chinese very well.
The question is: Lily comes from   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:the USA
B:England
C:Japan
D:ChinaDo you like sports? Here are some sports clubs for you.
Ball Games Club
Do you like ball games? We have basketball, soccer, volleyball and tennis for you. Let's play them together!
Sunday: 8: 30 a.m.~ 11: 00 a.m.    3: 00 p.m. ~ 6: 00 p.m.
Telephone: 15934678726
Roller Skating Club
Do you like roller skating? You can have a lot of new friends in our club. Students are 6~16 years old.
Saturday and Sunday evenings: 7: 00~ 10: 00
Meet on Renmin Square .
Telephone: 13473401430
Cycling Club
Let's go out with our friends on our bikes. It's really cool and exciting.
Saturday morning: 6: 00~11: 00
Start in the city park.
E-mail address: cycling@163.com
Kung Fu Club
Do you want to do kung fu well? Come and join us!
Sunday evening: 6: 00~8: 00
Call us at 746-3838.
The question is: If you have time only on Sunday morning, you can join   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:Ball Games Club
B:Roller Skating Club
C:Cycling Club
D:Kung Fu ClubMr and Mrs Smith just open a small restaurant. In order to attract customers ,they put a notice in front of the restaurant, and it says,"Meals on the House for Three Days. "
A foreign student comes to the place. He doesn't know much English. On the second day he happens to pass by the restaurant. It is lunch time and he feels Very hungry. "well, here is a restaurant. I am going to have something to eat."He walks to the restaurant when he sees the notice. "American people are really strange . They even eat dinners on the house! But how can I get up to the top of the house?"He says.
He looks around and finds a ladder near the restaurant. He is Very glad. But when he gets to the top, he hears someone shouting at him, "Hey! What are you doing up there?" Mr Smith and a policeman are standing there and looking at him.
"Doesn't your notice say 'Meals on the House for Three Days'? Is it a joke ?"the foreign student asks.
When they hear this, both Mr smith and the policeman laugh ."Do you know what ON THE HOUSE means ?Look it up in the dictionary ,"the policeman says.
The question is: The student gets to the top of the house to  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:have a meal
B:100k around
C:make a joke
D:shout at someoneIndonesia is my mother's homeland and one of my favorite countries. Since I was young, I had learned a lot about the country and become interested in it. For a long time I had wanted to do something for the country and people there, and I thought volunteering would be a good and fun way to do so.
I received the greatest pleasure from being with the children.
Teaching my first English class in Aceh was exciting but I was rather nervous. As time passed by, I learned how to be a better teacher. Teaching was actually the most enjoyable of my many responsibilities .
Many children were shy at first. But when they relaxed, they would start talking and telling you a lot of funny things. I believe we were helping them build up their confidence.
For the children who are more in need, The Education Program (TEP) will collect donations   to help them.
As a volunteer, I had to visit the TEP children at home once a month and help them write a thank-you letter to their
This was a way for the children to communicate with their sponsors. Sometimes the sponsors would write back to the children. Seeing the children's happy faces, I had a great sense of pleasure.
The question is: The writer visited the TEP children    _
The possible answers are:
A:to help them write a thank-you letter
B:to play with them
C:to help them with their study
D:to help them build up their confidence"The only thing holding you back is yourself. Never say never", said a rising 17-year-old singer, Justin Bieber, who was just an ordinary boy in Canada a few years ago.
After the accident of falling from the 18th floor and lying in the snow for three hours, my hands were frozen and my spinal cord  was seriously injured. All the doctors and professors in the famous hospitals in Beijing told me that there was little chance for my hands and my body to recover  .
After half a year of medical treatments and recovering exercises , I could not make any more progress for over a year . What was worse , I suffered a lot from depression ( ).On top of this , I suffered from insomnia , I couldn't fall asleep the whole night. Hopelessly , mom and I came back to my hometown, which is small town in Guangdong.
At that time , I thought that I would never be able to walk again. I would never love and be loved. I would never be able to earn even a penny. I would never be able to repay the kindness I got from my parents and many nice people . Life was meaningless.
Now two years has passed.My hands are 80% recovered.I can even type faster than a healthy person ! Up to now, I have worked for a company as an interpreter for half a year already. Although I don't earn as much as before, I am able to pay for the food and clothes I need. What's more , I even have extra money to buy thanksgiving presents for my parents and my boyfriend. Through my blogs( ) , many people get to know me and like me.I can bring happiness to them. I can help those who are still suffering from depression and the pain of illnesses by chatting with them....You see, I am living a meaningful life and I am happier than ever I could have dreamed.
So, my friends, never say never. As long as you are alive , there is always hope and possibilities. It is never too late to take action to realize your dreams.
The question is: All of the following words can be used to describe the writer's present life EXCEPT  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:helpful
B:meaningful
C:painful
D:hopefulIn schools all over the world boys and girls are learning foreign languages. Everyone knows his own language , but knowing another one is very useful. If we go to England or the USA, we must be able to speak English. And in Japan people will expect us to understand Japanese. How many languages are there in the world? There are thousands of languages, but most of them are not very important, English is one of the most important languages because so many people use it, not only in England and the USA, but also in other parts of the world. About 300 million people speak it as their own language and another 200 million use it as a second language. It's difficult to say how many people are learning it. Million upon million of school children are trying to learn it.
The question is: If you go to Japan, you must be able to speak   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:French
B:Chinese
C:Japanese
D:EnglishThe gemologist didn't want to teach the young man because he thought the young man have no patience  . The young man asked for a chance. Finally the expert had to agree.
The next morning, the gemologist put a jade   stone in the young man's hand and told him, "Hold it!" The expert then went about his work: cutting, weighing, and making. The big boy felt a bit strange  , but he said nothing. He just sat quietly and waited.
The following morning the expert again placed the jade stone in the young man's hand and told him to hold it. On the third, fourth, and fifth day the young man did the same job.
A month went by, and the young man felt more and more boring because of holding the same stone.
One morning, the gemologist came and asked him to hold out his hand, he couldn't go on any longer. But just as the gemologist put the stone in his hand, he said loudly,"This is not the same jade stone!"
"You have begun to learn," said the gemologist with a smile.
The question is: What does the story want to tell us?
The possible answers are:
A:It's lucky to find a good teacher.
B:You have to believe in yourself.
C:Keep on, and you can get you what you want.
D:Don't spend time doing anything boring.On October 31st, 2015, the official Xinhua news agency reported that China would allow two children for every couple. That meant that the country's one-child policy came to an end.
To control the population growth, China started a policy of one child per couple in the 1970s. Why does China decide to relax the policy now?
In fact, China began relaxing the policy in January, 2014, allowing couples to have a second baby if the mother or father was an only child. The change was thought as a major liberalization   of the  family planning of over thirty years. But new figures   in January, 2015 suggested that fewer people than expected would like to have a second baby. Health officials said that there were about 11 million couples  under the new policy. However, only 1 million couples applied   to have a second child. Some couples said, "Two kids? Thanks but no." The influence of one-child policy seems hard to go in a short time.
China's government has said that China will become the country with the most old people in the world in just 15 years, with more than 400 million people over the age of 60. And in the one-child families, when the only child grows up and gets married to another only child, they two have to take care of two old couples, the stress seems really heavy. To solve the problem of the _ population, one-child policy isn't suitable any more, and two-child policy is needed and necessary.
The question is: According to the passage, we know that   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:China started one-child policy in the 1980s
B:two-child policy isn't suitable any more now
C:China will have the most old people in the world in just 15 years
D:China will have less than 400 million people over the age of 60 in 15 yearsThe earth is about 4,600 million years old. Modern man has lived on the earth for only 35,000 years, but during that time, we have changed our planet in many ways. Many of the things that we have done are good, but more are not good for the earth.
Water pollution
A lot of people, birds and fish die each day because of water pollution. Factories have polluted the land and the water. As a result, many rivers and lakes are now dead.
Air pollution
In big cities, factories, as well as cars, trucks and buses are the main cause of air pollution. Many people in cities now have serious health problems. For example, Mexico city used to be a beautiful sunny capital, but today it is always covered by thick brown clouds.
Soil pollution
In order to have a good harvest, most of the farmers use chemicals too much in their fields. That's bad for the soil. But this kind of pollution is difficult to stop.
Hope for the future
These problems are very serious for our future, so all of us should do something to improve our environment. If we can stop pollution, our planet will become more and more beautiful and our health will be better. Let's be greener people!
,.
The question is: _   have made the earth change a lot.
The possible answers are:
A:Human beings
B:Animals
C:Plants
D:People in other planetsOne day Mr Smith went to a dinner party. He was wearing very old clothes. He came into the room, but people in the room didn't look at him. They didn't ask him to sit at the table. He wasn't happy. But he said nothing.Mr Smith went home quickly and put on his best clothes. He went back to the party. Everyone in the room stood up and looked at him. They gave him good food to eat.Mr Smith took off his coat, and put it on the food and said, "Eat, coat!"
The other people were
and asked, "What are you doing? Why do you do that?"Mr Smith answered, "I am asking my coat to eat food. When I wore old clothes, you didn't look at me. You didn't ask me to sit down. Now I am wearing these nice clothes. And you give me good food. Now see, you give the food to my coat, not to me."
The question is: When he came into the room, the people didn't look at him. Why?
The possible answers are:
A:Because the people didn't ask him to come.
B:Because Mr Smith wore old clothes.
C:Because Mr Smith didn't say hello to them first.
D:Because it was night and they didn't see him.Carbon monoxide poisoning   causes death and injuries around the world. This gas is a problem in all parts of the world that experience cold weather. A few years ago, America's Centers for Disease Control (C. D. C.) studied deaths linked   with carbon monoxide poisoning. It found that the number of carbon monoxide deaths in the United States was greatest in January. The C.D.C. also found that carbon monoxide kills more than four hundred Americans each year. And, it said more than twenty thousand people are taken to hospital for treatment of health problems linked with the gas.
Carbon monoxide is called the silent killer because people do not know it is in the air. The gas has no color, no taste and no smell. It does not cause burning eyes. And it does not cause people to cough. Yet, carbon monoxide gas is very deadly  . It steals the body's ability to use oxygen.
Carbon monoxide makes it difficult for the blood to carry oxygen to body tissues  . It does this by linking with the blood. When the gas links with the blood, the blood is no longer able to carry oxygen to the tissues that need it. Damage   to the body can begin very quickly from large amounts   of carbon monoxide.
How quickly this can happen depend on how long a person is breathing the gas and how much gas he or she breathes in.
Carbon monoxide poisoning has warning signs . But people have to be awake to realize them. Small amounts of the gas will cause a person's head to hurt. He or she may begin to feel tired. Their stomachs may feel sick. The room may appear to be turning around. The person may have trouble thinking clearly.
People develop serious headache as the amount of the gas continues to enter their blood. They will begin to feel very tired and sleepy. They may have terrible stomachache.
Doctors say carbon monoxide influences people differently. For example a small child will experience health problems or die much sooner than an adult. The general health of the person or his or her age can also be important.
The question is: One of the signs of carbon monoxide poisoning is   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:burning eyes
B:bad cough
C:serious headache
D:high feverAn American architect   was visiting London.He wanted to see all the famous buildings there so he stopped a taxi and asked the driver to take him to all the old and famous buildings in London.
The driver drove him to the Tower of London.
"This is the Tower of London.It was a prison   in the old days," he said.
"It is so small.In America we could build this in a day." said the American.
The taxi driver took the American to Westminster Abbey.He said,
"This is a famous church.Kings and queens  get married here.
The American looked at the old building and said,
"Huh... we could build this in two days."
The driver decided to take the American to a bigger church so he drove him to St Paul's Cathedral.He stopped outside the church and said,
"This is the most famous church in England.The great architect Christopher Wren built this church."
The American got out of the taxi and looked at the church.
"Huh.We could build this church in three days," he said.
Next the driver took the American to the House of Parliament.
"This is where British politicians   meet..."
"Huh." The American said, "We could build this in four days."
The driver said nothing and drove past Buckingham Palace, the home of Queen Elizabeth.As the taxi passed the palace, the American said,
"Hey! What is this building? I have never seen such a beautiful one."
The taxi driver looked at the palace and said,
"I don't know.It wasn't there this morning."
The question is: Where do the British kings and queens get married?
The possible answers are:
A:In the Tower of London.
B:In St Paul's Cathedral.
C:In the House of Parliament.
D:In Westminster Abbey.Today is fine.The sky is blue.Now it'snine o'clock in the morning.There's a sports meeting in the forest on the big mountain.
Look,a horse,a panda and a cat are running.Over there a dog and two tigers are jumping.Two monkeys are climbing the trees.Four birds are flying around and singing.
There's some other animals there, too.The elephants are standing.A monkey in sitting on an old elephant.The monkey has a flay in his hand.polly is sitting in the tree.A fox, ababy panda and some small animals are sitting under the tree.They are all watching.
The question is: What colour is the sky today?It's   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:white
B:blue
C:Black
D:yellowI shook hands with my father in the truck, and for a long time he looked straight ahead and didn't say a word.But I knew he was going to say a little to me."I can't tell anything."  he finally said."I never went to college, and none of your brothers went to college.I can't say don't do this and do that, because everything is different and I don't know what is going to come up.I can't help much with money either, but I think things will work out."
He gave me a new check-book ."If things get pushing, write a small check.But when you write one, send me a letter and let me know how much.There are some things we can always sell." In four years all the checks I wrote were less than a thousand dollars.My part-time jobs such as reading to the blind student and sitting with the teachers' kids filled in the _ .
"You know what you want to be, and they'll tell you what to take," my father went on."When you get a job, be sure it's honest, and work hard." I knew that soon I would be alone in the big town, and I would be missing the cool winds and a life where your thinking was done for you.
Then my dad reached down beside his seat and brought the old, broken Bible that he had read so often, the one he used when he wanted to look something up in a friendly quarrel with one of the neighbours.I knew he would miss it.I knew, though, that I must take it.
He didn't say read this every morning.He just said," This can help you if you will let it."
Did it help? I got through college without being a burden  on the family.I have been able to make money since.
The question is: What would someone learn from this passage?
The possible answers are:
A:How to live by oneself.
B:How to stand on one's own feet.
C:What a good father should do.
D:What the self-important is like.A new camera made by a company named Netatmo has facial recognition software   that can tell parents at work that their children have returned from school, or that a package has been taken to their home. It can also tell them if a stranger has entered their home.
Janina Mattausch is a product marketing manager for Netatmo.
"The common security   cameras at present are not that smart. So, they can tell you if something is moving but they don't necessarily know if it's a human being or, ah, if it's your kids --they don't know the difference, so they will warn you all the time. "
When family members enter a home,  the new camera "recognizes" ( )  them and sends information to the owner's smartphone. The owner can choose to see the video then or latcr.  But if an unknown person enters a home, the camera will send the owner a warning that will cause an alarm to sound on the owner's smartphone.
That is what happened recently to a smart home camera owncr named Darrmen. He lives in Paris.
"On a Friday I was at work,atending a big monthly meeting when my phone warned. At first I told myself 'Oh, it must be a mistake, maybe I have to set the systcm again. ' -but the notice on my phone was telling me that there was a movement in my flat and also a face that the software did not recognize. "
He watched the video and was very surprised by what he saw.
"I saw a person I did not know with his shoes on. I was watching it live on vidco. So I felt totaly unbelievable, frozen. I asked a workmate to take me back home as fast as possible and I callcd the police on the way. "
With the help of the video,  the police found the intruder   later that day.
The question is: The new camera made by Netatmo can   _   .
The possible answers are:
A:warn the strangers
B:recognize the comers
C:stop the visitors
D:welcome the childrenVolunteers are people who do a job for the satisfaction  of helping others.
Volunteers do many different types of jobs.Some volunteers read books onto tapes so that people with poor eyesight can listen.
Some volunteers deliver meals to elderly or sick people.
Some volunteers help tourists   who visit a city during a major event like the Olympic Games or the Commonwealth Games.
Volunteers help whenever a community is hit by a natural disaster .
Volunteers assist(,)in putting out bush fires.They might also help to evacuate people from areas that have been flooded or hit by an earthquake or tsunami .
A community may not recover without the help of volunteers.
Some communities require volunteers more than others.
Communities that don't have much money require a great deal of help from volunteers.
Communities with a large number of elderly people might require more help from volunteers than communities with more young people.Without volunteers, some communities couldn't operate.
The question is: Why do some communities require volunteers more than others? Because   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:they have more money
B:they have more elderly people
C:they have more young people
D:they have more children.Our village carpenter   , John, came one day and made a dining table for my wife. He made it just the right size for the space between the two windows. When I got home that evening, John was drinking a cup of tea and writing out his bill for the job.
My wife said to me quietly,"That's his ninth cup of tea today. "But she said, in a loud voice,"It's a beautiful table, dear, isn't it?"
"I'll decide about that when I see the bill. "I said.
John laughed and gave me his bill for the work. I read:
One dining table                        10 November, 1998
Cost of wood                            $17. 00
Paint                                   $1. 50
Work, 8 hours ( $1 an hour )            $8. 00
Total                                   $36. 50
When I was looking at the bill, John said, "It's been a nice day, hasn't it?Quite sunny. "
"Yes. "I said. " I'm glad it's only the tenth of November. "
"Me, too. "said John. "You wait -- it'll be a lot colder by the end of the month. "
"Yes,colder -- and more expensive! A dining table will be $20 more expensive on November 30, won't it, John?"
John looked hard at me for half a minute. Was there a little smile in his two blue eyes?I gave his bill back to him.
"If there isn't too much trouble, John," I said,"please add it up again. You can forget the date..."
I paid him $26. 50 and he was happy to get it.
The question is: From the story we know that   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:John made a mistake in the bill
B:John tried to fool the writer in order to get more money for his work
C:John had written out the bill before the writer got home
D:John still wanted to get $36.50 for his work in the endSome boys like wearing the same kinds of clothes as girls, and some of them have long hair. So sometimes it's hard to tell whether  they are boys or girls.
Today is Sunday. I have a walk with my grandmother in the park. My grandmother is 80 years old and she can't see well. After some time, my grandmother is tired , so she sits down on a chair. There is another person sitting on the chair, too.
"Hello," my grandmother says to the person with long hair next to her. "Can you see the girl with long hair under the big tree?""The girl?" says the person, "No, he's my brother Mike."
"Oh, sorry. I don't know you are his sister." Says my grandmother.
"No, I'm not his sister, I'm his brother!"
The question is: On Sunday, the writer   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:goes shopping
B:goes swimming
C:takes a walk
D:play sportsIn the world ,soccer is the most popular sport. This is because many countries have wonderful teams for the World Cup. The World Cup is held every four years.
To remember 2002 FIFA World Cup ,children from different countries and more than 60 children from Japanese schools came together and spent three weekends drawing a big picture called "Dream  World Cups "in Japan .The children drew animals, flowers and people playing soccer under a blue bright sky. They wished each soccer team good luck by drawing the flags of all the countries that would take part in the World Cup in Japan and South Korea.The picture was put up in a park near a playground in Yokohama .Some soccer teams would have games there.
Are you a soccer fan ?The World Cup makes more and more people interested in soccer.  Teenagers like playing and watching soccer .Many of them love some soccer stars so much that they get the pictures of their favourite players on the walls of their rooms. That is the way to show their love for the World Cup as children in Japan.As Chinese teenagers,if we stick on to our soccer dream,it will come true.Let's take action now.
The question is: Many teenagers own the pictures of some soccer stars because  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:they are interested in soccer.
B:they are soccer fans
C:they think their favourite players are great
D:all of A,B and CIf you go into the forest with friends, stay with them. If you don't, you may get lost. Sit down and stay where you are. Don't try to find your friends, but let them find you instead . You can help them find you by staying in one place. There is another way to help your friends or other people to find you. You can shout or whistle three times. Stop for a while. Then shout or whistle three times again. Any signal given three times is a help.
Keep up shouting or whistling. Always three times together. When people hear you, they will know that you are not just making a noise for fun. They will let you know that they have heard your signal. They will give you two shouts or two whistles. When a signal is given twice, it is an answer to a call for help.
If you don't think that you will get help before night comes, try to make a little house with branches . Make yourself a bed with leaves and grass.
When you need some water, you have to leave your little branch house to look for it. Don't just walk away. _ When you are lost, the most important thing to do is stay in one place.
The question is: Which signal is a call for help?
The possible answers are:
A:Shouting here and there.
B:Crying and shouting twice.
C:Shouting or whistling three times together.
D:Whistling everywhere in the forest.1970 was World Conservation Year. The United Nations wanted everyone to know that the world was in danger. They hoped something could be done.
Here is one example of the problem. At one time there were 1,300 kinds of plants, trees and flowers in Holland ,but now only 866 are left. The others have been destroyed by modern people and their science. We are polluting earth, air, water and everything around us. We can't live without these things. If things go on like this, we shall destroy ourselves.
What will happen in the future? Perhaps it's more important to ask "What must we do?" More and more young people have known this. Many of them are helping to save our earth. For example, they plant trees. In a small town in the United States, a large group of girls cleaned the banks of 11 kilometers of their river. Young people may hear about conversation through a song called "No one's going to change our world". It was made by Cliff Gichard and other singers. The money from it will help to conserve tigers, elephants and pandas on the earth.
The question is: How many kinds of plants, trees and flowers have been destroyed in Holland?
The possible answers are:
A:1300
B:988
C:3166
D:434When someone who is in good health dies suddenly ,there is usually an inquest .A coroner will do it.His job is to find out exactly how a person died.
If there is nothing suspicious about the death,he will decide that the person died from
natural causes or an accident.if, however ,he is suspicious,he may decide that the person's death was caused by a person or persons unknown.
One day the coroner was trying to find out exactly what had caused the death of a local businessman,Henry Watson.
The man's wife was explaining something.She was very sad and had to stop from time to time.The coroner did not want to make her sadder than necessary ,but he had to find out the truth.There were questions he had to ask.
"Mrs.Watson,I know this is painful for you,"he said,"but i want you to think very carefully and then answer my questions.You and your husband were having dinner at home.Is that correct? "
"Yes."
''Suddenly he fell to the floor? "
"Yes."
"You stood up and hurried to him ?You knelt beside him ?His stomach was in great pain? "
"Yes."
"Did he say anything? "
The wife kept her head down.
"Please,Mrs.Watson,you must answer the question.What were his last words? "
The wife took a deep breath and then spoke."He said,"She replied in a very low voice,"I'm not surprised that seafood we had for dinner cost you only 50 cents,"
The question is: What is the purpose of an inquest when a healthy person dies suddenly?
The possible answers are:
A:To help the poor family.
B:To do a research on death.
C:To find out the cause of death.
D:To ask questions about the person.Hi. I'm Lingling. I'm a student at No. 14 Middle School. Do you want to know my life? Let me tell you about it. I usually get up at 7:00 in the morning. I have my breakfast at 7:10. My parents always prepare the breakfast for me. I go to school at 7:30. We have seven lessons every day from Monday to Friday. I like English lessons very much .After school, I like playing table tennis and basketball with my friends. There is a very big playground in our school.
The question is: There is a big   _   in No. 14 Secondary School.
The possible answers are:
A:garden
B:library
C:swimming pool
D:playgroundLi Shizhen was born in 1518. His father was a poor doctor. Li Shizhen often saw that people fell ill. He decided to study medicine so that he could be able to help people. Li Shizhen read many books about medicine. He found many of the old medical books to be full of mistakes. So his wish was to write a new one.
He did his best to study medical science. He studied not only the herbs in his own garden, but also the wild ones. He set out many times on long journeys to collect herbs and talk with old farmers. He learned a lot from the working people.
After many years of hard work and study, Li Shizhen finished his great work "Ben Cao Gang Mu" . At that time he was sixty. His book is now one of the greatest contributions of the Chinese people to the medical science of the world.
The question is: Li Shizhen wanted to write a new medical book because_.
The possible answers are:
A:he was a doctor
B:he liked writing books
C:many medical books were full of mistakes.
D:he was a writerThis is my beautiful home. There is a small garden in front of my house. There are many beautiful flowers in the garden. Behind my house there is a big tree. Near the tree, you can see a garage. My father's beautiful car is in it now.
On the first floor, there is a large living room, a dining room, a kitchen and a bathroom. I like watching TV in the living room. On the second floor, there is a small study room and two bedrooms. I love playing with the computer in my study.
What a nice home! I like it very much.
The question is: There is a small garden  _  my house.
The possible answers are:
A:behind
B:in front of
C:next to
D:across fromJames got up at five to seven. His parents and his little twin sisters went traveling in France and he had to look after himself at home. He opened the fridge, but he found only two hamburgers in it. He decided to have breakfast in the restaurant at the other side of the street. He sat at a table and the waiter came up and said, "Can I take your order , James?"
"But you don't show your menu to me, Mr. Hunt," said the boy.
"Oh, sorry! I forget it. Here it is."
James looked at the menu carefully. It was:
Bread $1.30 Sandwich $1.80 Hamburger $2.40
Pizza $2.40Egg $0.30 Milk $0.50
Coffee $0.70 Coke $0.30
James brought out his wallet and found there was only 6.50 dollars in it.
"Well," said Mr. Hunt. "What about a hamburger, a pizza, two eggs and a glass of coke?"
"Oh, no," said the boy. "I'll buy a picture-book this afternoon. It's 1.50 dollars."
"I see," said the waiter. And then he brought the boy a nice breakfast.
The question is: _   are the most expensive in the menu?
The possible answers are:
A:Sandwiches
B:Hamburgers
C:Pizzas
D:Hamburgers and pizzasA new word is becoming more and more popular on the Internet in China - but no one knows quite what it means.The word "duang" is so new that you can't even find it in the Chinese dictionary. But it has already spread  like fire on the Chinese Internet , appearing more than 8,000,000 times on Weibo, where 15,000 users had more than 312,000 discussions. On Baidu, it has been looked up almost 600,000 times. But what does it mean?
"Everyone's duang-ing and I still don't know what it means! Looks like I'd better go back to school now," said Weibo user Fahmida.
Another user asked: "Have you duang-ed today? My mind is full of duang duang duang."
"To duang or not to duang, that is the question," wrote user Beatrice.
"Duang" seems to be imitating   a sound. It all seems to have started with Hong Kong action star Jackie Chan, who in 2004 appeared in a shampoo ad   where he used the sound "duang" to describe his soft and black hair. The word came to people again recently  after Chan posted it on his Weibo page. Thousands of users then began to visit Chan's Weibo page with comments  .
The word seems to have many different meanings, and there's no perfect   Chinese meaning for it, but you could use it to give emphasis   to the word that follows it. A kid might be "duang cute", for example.
The question is: According to the passage,   _   users joined in the discussion on Weibo.
The possible answers are:
A:312,000
B:15,000
C:600,000
D:8,000,000Men have always wanted to fly like birds. Birds can fly easily because they are light,but men's bodies are heavier.
Men first went up into the air in balloons. These were big bags,and they were filled with gas. Hydrogen   is a useful gas for balloons. It is lighter than air. _ is also lighter than air,but it costs a lot of money. So balloons are usually filled with hydrogen.
Balloons have to fly with the wind as they have no engines   to drive them. Later,men made airships. They are balloons with engines. They are also filled with hydrogen.
Aircrafts   with wings now take people across the world. Powerful engines drive these machines across the sky. Some of the engines are like the engines of cars,but they are more powerful.
There is another kind of engine,we call it the jet   engine. An English engineer invented the jet engine. At the same time,Germans were also building a jet engine. In May 1941,the English engineer's new engine was fixed in an aircraft,and the aircraft flew quite well.
Jet engines are very powerful. Usually two to four are enough for an airplane,but some big aircraft need six. Anyone in a moving jet plane can feel the power of the engines. Jet planes can travel faster than sound. As a flying jet plane leaves its noise behind,we do not hear it until it has gone.
The question is: According to the passage,men can't fly like birds because  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:men don't have aircraft
B:men's bodies are too heavy
C:men don't like birds
D:men's bodies are too lightNew Library Rules
1. Open time: 8:30am.-4:30pm. From Monday to Friday.  2. No talking.
3. No eating any food. 4. No listening to music. 5. No taking photos.
6. No taking books out if you don't ask the people here.
7. Keep the library books for only one week.
8. Give the books back on time. 9. Renew  books on time.
10. Pay for the lost  books.
The question is: What can't we do in the library?
The possible answers are:
A:Borrow books.
B:Renew books.
C:Keep the library book for a week.
D:Take books out anytimeIs there someone you hate? Well, maybe you don't really hate them. But
you get really angry every time you think of them. If you don't let this anger go, it can turn into bitterness 
Bitterness appears when we can't forgive  someone who has hurt us or made us angry. Someone might say or do something that hurts us. But Instead of controlling the anger, we keep it deep inside. Before long, a bitter feeling begins to grow. We may think we're hurting that person by criticizing him or her often, but we're really only hurting ourselves.
Bitterness can not only lead to serious health problems such as heart disease, but also hurt our relationships with friends and family members. No one enjoys being around an anger person for very long.
If you see bitterness in your life, here are some ways to deal with it.
Accept it
Instead of trying to
your anger, make it clear to yourself and accept it. See your anger for what it is and quickly deal with it.
Stop making excuses for it
You may feel you have a right to be anger. You may think you're right  and the other person is wrong. You may even secretly enjoy making the other person look bad. But in the end, bitterness hurts you much more than the other person. The bitterness will hold you back, and the other person will go on with his or her life.
Forgive and forget it
You probably can't completely put the anger out of your mind. But you can decide to forgive the other person. Forget it and move on. You'll enjoy better health and peace of mind.
,,
The question is: The best way to deal with the bitterness is to    _   .
The possible answers are:
A:make the person who hurts us look bad
B:hate the person who hurts us very often
C:accept that you are hurting the other person
D:forgive the person who hurts us and forget itSome countries have a large number of earthquakes. Japan is one of them, while others do not have many, for example, there are few earthquakes in Britain.
There is often a great noise during an earthquake.  The ground vibrates  .Houses fall down. Railways are broken, which causes trains to turn over. Sometimes thousands of people are killed in different ways. About 60,000 were killed in 1783 in the south of Italy. Some people say that earthquakes often happen near volcanoes , but it is not true. The centres of some earthquakes are under the sea. The bottom of the sea suddenly moves. The powerful forces inside the earth break the rocks. The coast is shaken and great waves appear. These waves travel long distances and rush over the land when they reach it, breaking down houses and other buildings. Sometimes they break more buildings than the earthquake itself.
A terrible earthquake happened in Assam, India, in 1986.The land near Shillong suddenly moved 1.5 feet to one side, and then back again. It continued to act like this 20 times a minute.Few buildings could stand what was happening and the great stones flew four feet up into the air. What kind of building stays up best in an earthquake? The Americans carefully studied the results of the earthquake at San Francisco(1906) and believed it best for buildings to be made with concrete  walls together by steel frames. Such are the buildings that can't burn or fall easily.
The question is: _  make(s) more loss than the earthquake itself.
The possible answers are:
A:Nothing
B:Volcanoes
C:Forces inside the earth
D:Terrible waves by the earthquakeFather's Day has a very short history. It was started because there was a mother's Day, and just because some Americans thought that if we had a Mother's Day, we should also have a Father's Day. Father's Day has become important in North America. And businessmen found it was a good way to get people to buy a present for the fathers from their shops.
By the way, very few countries have a Father's Day, though some have Children's Day, or a special day for boys and another for girls. More and more countries are having Mother's Day, so maybe Father's Day will become popular before too long. Now, what do people in North America do on Father's Day? The newspapers, radios, and TV tell children what they should buy Father's Day presents for their fathers. They even tell a wife to buy a Father's Day present----not for her father but for her husband, even if  he is not a father. And they tell grandchildren to buy a present for their grandfathers.
The question is: On Father's Day, businessmen always want   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:people to buy as many presents as they can.
B:children to buy presents only for their fathers.
C:women to buy presents only for their husbands.
D:only men with children to have presents.My cousin Jenny made some new term resolutions last month.
First she wants to keep healthy. So she is going to exercise more and eat a lot of healthier food. She isn't going to eat junk food. She is going to make a volleyball team because she likes it and she's also good at playing it. And she also wants to improve her English. She is going to read English every morning. The third, she is going to read more books because she thinks she can learn a lot from books. So she's going to go to the school library quite often. When she grows up, she is going to be a doctor for children. She wants to help sick children. She's going to study medicine at a university when she finishes high school. She is going to work hard. She loves children and she thinks looking after children will be wonderful.
The question is: How is Jenny going to improve her English?
The possible answers are:
A:She is going to read English every morning.
B:She is going to go to the school library quite often.
C:She is going to study medicine at a university.
D:She is going to study English really hard.Jack is 10 years old, and I am his pencil. I'm Jack's helper .
Jack's pencil box is my home. I have some friends here. They are seven crayons, a ruler, a pencil-sharpener and an eraser. Because Jack loves me, I'm the king  in the pencil box. My friends and I are happy every day.
Today, I am not happy because a pen comes in. It's new and nice. It's a music pen. It can write and sing. But I'm old and I can only help Jack to write. Jack likes it very much! The new pen is his helper now. It's the new king. What can I do now? Shall I go to a new home?
The question is: How many friends does the pencil have?
The possible answers are:
A:Four.
B:One.
C:Seven.
D:Ten.So, let's imagine you are walking down the street drinking a box of tea. You finish drinking the tea. Now, what do you do with the box? Do you drop it on the ground? Or, do you do the right thing and drop it in a trash can? Hopefully, you drop it in the trash can because, besides harming the environment, littering is also very impolite.
Recently, a magazine published a list of the most polite cities in the world. They looked three things: did people litter, did shop clerks say thank you and did people hold the door open for the person behind them? The top three politest cities were New York, USA, Zurich, Switzerland, and Toronto, Canada. Hong Kong, China was number 35. Shanghai wasn't even on the list.
Does that mean that Shanghai is not a polite city? Well, maybe. There are different ways to judge  politeness but the survey was looking at how a visitor to a city would feel when walking around its public places. Visitors don't like to step over empty tea boxes as they walk down the street. They don't like it when they buy something and the shop clerk doesn't say thank you or even give them a smile. They also don't like it when someone lets a door slam  into them instead of holding it open.
Shanghai is a nice city but it is not always the most polite city. I don't think this is intentional . I think it's just a lack of awareness . China is becoming a popular place for tourists to visit. When they come to Shanghai they will find a friendly city: it would be nice if they also found a polite one. And, remember, being polite makes you feel good, too. It's nice to be nice.
The question is: Why is Shanghai not always the most polite city in the survey?
The possible answers are:
A:Because people there don't realize the importance of politeness.
B:Because people there are not friendly enough
C:Because the food there is not delicious.
D:Because the city is too old.Get a Life is a website that helps middle school students answer the question --What do you want to be when you grow up?
"It encourages teenagers to have a big dream; it tries to find out what is possible; it makes a plan for children to get where they want to go," said Combs, one of the persons who set up the website.       [:ZSSxxSSk.Com]
Get a Life suggests teenagers let their hobbies and interests decide what to do in the future. It encourages them to look for activities that help them try to do some jobs and get important knowledge and skills. It also offers information about fast-growing and well-paid jobs, and provides job training for teenagers.
"Middle school is the perfect time for students to find out their interests, to have many different experiences and do something for their future jobs," a middle school teacher said. "Our world will become a better place if we make our _ s wide and try new things. Our students can't wait until high school or university to begin building their dreams. Right now is the right time to get a life."
"This website is exactly what these children need for a better future. If our children can make better plans for their future, it is more possible for them to succeed," Combs said.
The question is: Which of the following about Get a Life is NOT true?
The possible answers are:
A:It helps teenagers to have a big dream.
B:It helps teenagers to prepare for their classes.
C:It provides information about jobs for teenagers.
D:It tells teenagers how to choose future jobs.Once upon a time there was a boy named Ankit. One day he made a painting and he loved it so much.
One night when he slept, an angel  came and blessed his painting that it should come alive. He was always lonely. He always wanted a friend to talk to and share his work and secrets. Next morning when he woke up he heard some sounds near his painting. When he looked at the painting, he was surprised that it was talking! He thought that his wish had come true.
The man in the painting needed food, water and clothes. The news of the magic painting _ all over the world. It even came in newspapers and in the news on TV.
One night a thief came to steal the painting. The moment he came in front of the painting, the man in the picture shouted and said, "Help! Help, a thief!" The thief got scared and ran away.
One day the painting said to Ankit that it wanted to be married. Then Ankit had to paint a woman. He made both the paintings marry and live happily ever after. His loneliness was also cured  forever.
The question is: What is Ankit's wish?
The possible answers are:
A:To have a big family.
B:To paint more good pictures.
C:To have a good friend.
D:To see the angel.Today is Saturday. It's sunny and warm. Many children from No. 1 Middle School are at the Old People's Home. Now, they're helping the old people.
Look! Li Min and Zhan Ran are cleaning the windows. Ma Lan and Liu Qian are washing clothes.
What's Li Na doing over there? Many old people are clapping their hands for her. Oh,  she's singing for them. Her song is really beautiful. And where's the American boy, Tom? He likes helping others and he often comes here. Listen! Who's speaking English? It's Tom. He's teaching two old people to speak English.
All the children and the old people are very happy. "We are happy when we help others, " says Tom.
The question is: What is Tom doing?
The possible answers are:
A:He is singing English songs.
B:He is teaching English.
C:He is washing clothes.
D:He is cleaning the windows.Mr Stilwell looked out of his window. There was a boy at the other side of the street. The boy sat before a store and took some bread out of a bag and then began eating it.
There was a very thin dog in the street too. The boy said to it very kindly. "Come here, good dog. Do you want a piece of bread?"
The dog was very hungry and went to the boy, but he didn't give it any of his bread. Instead, he kicked   the dog. It ran away and the boy laughed.
Then Mr Stilwell came out of his house and said to the boy, "Do you want a dollar?"
The boy was happy and said, "Yes, I do."
"Come here," Mr Stilwell said. The boy went to Mr. Stilwell, but Mr Stilwell didn't give him a dollar. Instead, he hit him with a stick.
The boy cried and said, "Why did you hit me? I didn't ask you for any money."
"No," Mr. Stilwell said, "and the dog didn't ask you for any bread, but you kicked it."
The question is: What can we learn from the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:We should never play tricks   on others.
B:Mr Stilwell was so bad to hit the boy.
C:Mr Stilwell was the boy's father.
D:People in Western countries like dogs.Have you ever seen snow? Many people in the world have not. Some countries never have snow; some have only a little on the tops of very high mountains. In the north of England, there is quite a lot of snow every winter, but in the south of England, there is usually little.
When a student from a warm country comes to England in autumn for the first time, he feels cold at first. There are often dark clouds, grey sky and cold rain in England in autumn, and most students from warm countries do not like this.
But snow is different. Though it is cold, it is also beautiful. Perhaps, after several dark mornings, the student wakes up one day, and there is a lot of light in his room. He thinks "Is it so late?" and jumps out of bed. But no, it is not very late. He looks out of the window and there is the snow on the ground and on the houses and everywhere. The light of his room comes from clean, beautiful snow.
The question is: In England both snow and autumn rain are   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:cold
B:clean
C:beautiful
D:heavyOnce upon a time, there were two seeds . They were good friends. They often talked with each other when they were free. One day, they had nothing to do . They lay on the ground. They looked up at the sky and had a chat with each other.
The first seed said, "I want to grow! Then I can enjoy the sun and the rain!" Later, it grew. It had a chance to enjoy the sun and the rain.
The second seed said, "I am afraid of growing up. If I grow, I have to live in the _ . Little animals may come up to me and eat me. How terrible! If I become a beautiful flower, a child will come and pick me. It is much better for me to wait. It's a dangerous way to be alive." It did nothing and refused to grow.
Spring came soon. A duck came up to the seeds. It eat the second seed and went away. See? We shouldn't act like the second seed. We should face our life bravely.
The question is: What did they do one day?
The possible answers are:
A:They fought
B:They played by the river.
C:They flew in the sky
D:They had a chat with each otherMarco Polo was from Venice, Italy. In 1271, at age 17, Marco went on a trip with his father and uncle to China. Today people often travel to different places around the world. But it was very hard for people from Europe to visit China then. After three and a half years, the Polos reached China on 1275.
While he was there, Marco Polo worked  for Kublai Khan, the emperor of China. He was able to learn and experience many things that were new to Europeans. In his diary, he wrote, "Kublai Khan's palace is the greatest I've ever seen. The streets of the new capital. Daidu, are so straight and so wide." Paper money also took him by surprise, since it was not yet in use in the West at that time. Homes were heated with "black stones... which burn like wood." These stones were coal, and most of the Europeans knew little about it then.
After 17 years in China, Marco and his family finally returned to Venice in 1292. After he returned home, Marco completed a book about his trip, full of facts about his wonderful experiences in China.
The question is: What would be the best title for the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:Magic "black stones"
B:Marco Polo in China
C:Paper money on Daidu
D:Kublai Khan--the greatest emperorBob is a middle school student. He is 13years old. He lives in Shanghai with his parents and his twin brother, Jack. They are in the same( ) school, but in different classes. Bob is good at Maths, but not good at English. He thinks it's a little difficult for him. But he plans to spend more time on it.
Every morning, Bob gets up early. He usually reads English for half an hour. And then he has breakfast with his family. He usually has two eggs and a glass of milk. After breakfast, he walks to school with his brother. It takes them about twenty minutes to get to school. They get to school at about 7:40.
Bob begins his classes at 8:00. After four lessons in the morning, he has a hamburger, some fish and vegetables for lunch at school. Then he has three classes in the afternoon. His last class is over at 4:50p.m. After school, he usually plays football or basketball from 5:00 p. m. to 6:00 p.m. He says it is good for his health to play sports every day.
He gets home at 6:20 p.m. He usually eats some rice and vegetables for dinner. Sometimes, he eats some noodles. After dinner, he does his homework from 7:30to 9:30. Then he listens to music or reads books for a while( ). He doesn't watch TV or play computer games on weekdays. He goes to bed at 10:30 p.m.
His friends say his lifestyle is very healthy. Do you think so?
The question is: Which of the following is NOT true according to the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:Bob 's brother Jack is 13years old.
B:Bob and Jack leave for school at 7:20 a.m.
C:Bob has two lessons in the afternoon.
D:Bob spends two hours doing his home-work.Growing mushrooms  is probably the easiest thing you can do even if you are new to mushroom growing. It is becoming more common because restaurants are starting to create more dishes that include mushrooms.
Mushroom growing is easy. To start, you need to have a space where you are going to grow these mushrooms. It does not have to be a huge space but just enough for you to grow as many mushrooms as you need. When you have found the space perfect for you, you can start researching what kind of mushrooms you want to grow. There are a lot of mushrooms to choose from and not all of them are suitable to eat.
When you decide what kind of mushrooms you want to grow, you can start getting ready to plant the mushrooms. Sometimes you may want to hire some workers to help if you have a large mushroom farm, or if you are trying to start a professional mushroom growing business. Trying to have a business by yourself can be stressful. If you don't have enough time to spend taking care of everything yourself, dome helpers may be the best choice.
After you have started the mushroom growing, you should regularly check that your mushrooms grow properly and that they are not being attacked by any pesticides  or any other animals or something that could be dangerous to them. That is the worst part of mushroom developing. Protect your mushroom farm well with a fence  or a gate so that only you and your workers can get in and out.
Mushroom growing is not difficult and it is easy to get stared in the world of farming. You will soon possibly be able to provide some of the great cooks of the world with high quality mushrooms that will be enjoyed by thousands of people all over the world.
The question is: According to the passage, many people begin to plant mushrooms probably   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:because they are in great need.
B:because they look very beautiful
C:because they are healthy food
D:because they are very expensiveHello, My name is Dale. I'm 13 years old. This is a photo of my family. Look! This is my father. His name is Tim Brown. He is 45 years old. This is my mother Alice. She is 43 years old. I have a sister and her name is Gina. She is 11 years old. I look like  my mother and Gina looks like my father. All my family are in the same school. My parents are teachers. They are friendly   to the students, so the students love them very much. My sister and I are students and we love our school.
The question is: What's the best title for this passage ?
The possible answers are:
A:My parents
B:My sister
C:My family
D:My photoRock singer Wu Tong says mixing musical styles is not only creative, it also shows that people can live together harmoniously. The track Linglong Tower was Wu's most popular piece when he performed in Tianjin, a city with a long tradition of quyi or narrative music.
Honored as the "Shakespeare of the Asian," Cao Yu was one of the greatest playwrights of 20th-Century China. "Sunrise", Cao Yu's second play, was published in 1936. Following his first work "Thunderstorm," In 1937, the young playwright's third play, "The Wilderness," was released. In 1940, Cao Yu completed the writing of his fifth play, "Peking Man,"
A winner of the 2011 L'Oreal-UNESCO For Women in Science Awards, Professor Reng Yonghua  says she could not have done it without the backing of her family. As a mother of two daughters, 12 and 14, Reng said she is lucky to have been supported by her family.
Joan Chen, Gong Li, Zhang Ziyi - who's the next of their ilk? Most agree 24-year-old Liu Yifei is the likely contender to become an internationally Chinese actress.Born to a French-language professor and a dancer, Liu received training in dancing, singing and piano as a little girl. She moved to the United States at 10 and spent four years in New York City's Long Island.
Wang Zhiming grew up in a family of instrument makers, but he is the only one who could actually play a violin.Wang, 51, has been making violins for more than 30 years. He grew up around violins and musical instruments. He is the third generation of instrument makers in his family, following his grandfather and father.
, .
The question is: What does Wu Tong do?
The possible answers are:
A:A writer
B:An actor
C:A scientist
D:A singerI was being interviewed by a senior manager for a major insurance  company. I told him honestly why I wanted the job----I needed to keep my family in Boston. My wife recently died of a heart attack. A job in Boston would help me reduce some of the extreme trauma   and pain of the loss for my 16-year-old daughter. It was important for me to keep her in her high school. I could still hardly talk about the loss of my wife.
Bruce, the interviewer, was politely empathetic, but he didn't probe any further. He admitted my loss and with great respect, moved on to another subject. After the next round of the interview, Bruce took me to lunch with another person. Then he asked me to take a walk with him. He told me that he, too, had lost his wife. And, like me, he had also been married 20 years and had three children.
In his sharing, I realized that he had experienced the same pain as I had -----a pain that was almost impossible to explain to someone who had not lost a beloved one. He offered his business card and home phone number and suggested that, if I need help or just want someone to talk to, I should feel free to give him a call.
Whether I got the job or not, he wanted me to know that he was there if I ever needed help. When he had no idea if we would ever see each other again, he helped our family deal with one of the greatest losses. He turned the normally cold business interview into a caring support for another person in need.
The question is: Which of the following statements is NOT TRUE according to the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:Bruce invited the writer to lunch later.
B:Bruce shared his life experience with the writer.
C:Bruce was willing to help the writer.
D:Bruce finally gave the job to the writer.My name is Lydia. I come from Beijing. I'm a Chinese girl. This year my parents work in London. Do you know London? It's a big city in England. My parents teach Chinese in a school. I'm in the same school with them. I'm in Class Four, Grade Seven. My teachers are nice to me. I can play football and swim. Sally is my sister. She lives in Beijing with my grandparents. She studies in a primary school . She is in Class Three, Grade One. She likes singing. But she can't sing English songs well. I often write to her, but she can't. I _ her very much.
The question is: What class is Sally in?
The possible answers are:
A:Class Four, Grade One.
B:Class Three, Grade One.
C:Class Four, Grade Seven
D:Class Three, Grade Two.Hi. I'm Lingling. I'm a student at No. 14 Middle School. Do you want to know my life? Let me tell you about it. I usually get up at 7:00 in the morning. I have my breakfast at 7:10. My parents always prepare the breakfast for me. I go to school at 7:30. We have seven lessons every day from Monday to Friday. I like English lessons very much .After school, I like playing table tennis and basketball with my friends. There is a very big playground in our school.
The question is: I like playing   _   with my friends.
The possible answers are:
A:table tennis and basketball
B:football
C:football and basketball
D:volleyballBeijing, Shanghai, Guangzhou and other big cities are great places to live in. There are many interesting things to see and do. You can go to different kinds of museums, see all kinds of plays and films. You can also buy things from all over the world.
But there are serious problems in big cities, too. It's expensive to live there, and there are too many people in some places of big cities. Every student can study at good schools and receive good medical care . But sometimes these people can't find work or good places to live in. Also it is hard to keep the cities safe and clean.
Some people enjoy living in big cities, others do not. Before they move to a big city, they should think about the problems living there.
The question is: Which of the following is true?
The possible answers are:
A:Big cities are not clean and safe enough.
B:People can easily find good places to live in in big cities.
C:People can always have many chances to find work.
D:All people like to live in big cities.What Is Self-tracking All about
Perhaps you've tracked  how many kilometers you've run, how many hours you've slept or how much you've eaten in a day.
If so, you've taken part in a popular movement called the "Quantified Self Movement" or "Self-tracking". Maybe you've wanted to change a bad habit but couldn't. Self-tracking may be your answer. The idea is to collect information about your everyday activities and analyze  them to help improve and form a healthier lifestyle.
Recently, tools such as smartphones, apps, along with newly published wearable things, are making self-tracking easy. Today, one can use Fitbit, the Jawbone Up, Google Glass or a smart watch to record personal data  including sleeping hours, stress levels, heart rate and mood.
So why does a person self-track? Someone may be trying to lose weight or improve their sleep. Another person feels tired after eating. Self-tracking could help him to know what foods make him sleepy and watch his diet. [:Z#xx#k.Com]
Tracking daily activities isn't a new concept. In years past, athletes and their coaches kept notes food, training and sleep in order to achieve an athletic goal. Similarly, doctors have also helped patients to record parts of their lifestyles and eating habits to help fight health problems. However, it wasn't until 2007 that magazine writers Gary Wolf and Kim Kelly created the term   "Quantified Self" or  "self-tracking".
Although self-tracking has many advantages, Dennis Nash, president of Data Speaks Health Solutions, says self-tracking has its disadvantages. Once people start tracking their daily activities, it can become an extra task people like to do often. Also, they might begin to worry too much about their health.
Though self-tracking doesn't make sure that one's quality of life will improve, it can encourage people to make healthier choices.
The question is: People choose self-tracking because   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:it watches your eating habits
B:it increases your movement
C:it records how many kilometers you run every day
D:it collects personal data and leads to self- improvementMany animals do strange things before an earthquake.This news may be important.
Earthquakes can kill people and knock down houses.Animals may help to save lives.
Some animals make a lot of noise before an earthquake.Farmers know about this.Dogs that are usually quiet start to bark.Horses on farms run around in circles.Mice leave their holes and run away.Cows give less milk.
In a town in Italy, cats raced down the street in a group.That happened only a few hours before an earthquake.In San Francisco.a man kept tiny pet frogs.One Sunday, the frogs jumped around more than ever.They made loud noise.That night, an earthquake struck the city.People want to know when an earthquake is coming.Then they could get away safely.Right now, there is no sure way to know ahead of time.Maybe the best way is to watch the animals.
The question is: Before an earthquake, quiet dogs   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:run away
B:start to bark
C:climb trees
D:race down streetsWhen we interviewed what the life was like more than 70 years ago, many old soldiers were full of tears in their eyes. They told us that they never forgot those days when they were in the army, during which they lived hard lives but spared no effort to fight against the enemies.
Now in the year 2015 comes the first great parade  in the 21stcentury. September 3rdis the 70thanniversary  of the victory of the anti-fascist   war. This day is considered as an important moment for China, as well as the world. 49 countries from all over the world, including South Korea and some European countries attended this special occasion.
In preparation for the parade, the soldiers worked hard every day. In order to walk well in the three hundred meters distance on the Tian'anmen Square, they had to receive extremely strict training. Each day, they got up early in the morning and started the 10 hours' practice.
When a reporter arrived, it was raining heavily outside, but none of the soldiers stopped training. Nothing can stop their training, and no one can stop their deep love to their motherland.
The reporter asked, "The training is so hard but why does nobody give up?" "It's the first time for me to join in such an important ceremony. I consider it a great honor. I must try my best." One of the participants  answered. In fact, everyone takes pride in taking part in this big parade because they want to show the spirit of Chinese army, the power of Chinese army, as well as the determination of keeping the world in peace.
From the soldiers, we learned the power of dreams. If one has a dream, he will get over any difficulties that get in the way to make the dream come true.
The question is: What did the old soldiers do more than 70 years ago?
The possible answers are:
A:They took part in a war.
B:They experienced something special.
C:They worked hard for the parade.
D:They answered a reporter's questions.One evening Tim is driving his car in the country and looking for a hotel. Then he sees an old man on the side of the road, so he stops his car and says to the old man, "Where is Sun Hotel? Will you please tell me how to get there?" "Yes," the old man answers. "I'll show you the way." He gets into Tim's car, and they drive for about 12 kilometres. When they come to a small house, the old man says, "Stop here." Tim stops and looks at the house. And he says to the old man, "But this isn't a hotel." "No," the old man answers. "This is my house. And now I'll show you the way to Sun Hotel. Turn back and go 9 kilometres. Then you'll see the hotel on your left. "
The question is: At last, Tim drives  _   kilometres more to Sun Hotel.
The possible answers are:
A:twelve
B:eighteen
C:twenty-one
D:twenty-fourAll students need to have good study habits . When you have good study habits, you learn things quickly. You also remember them easily.
Do you like to study in the living room ? This is not a good place because it is usually too noisy. You need to study in a quiet place, like your bedroom. A quiet place will help you only to think about one thing.
When you study, do not think about other things at the same time, only think about your
homework. If you do so, you will do your homework more quickly, and you will make fewer mistakes.
Good study habits are very important. If you don't have them, try to learn them. If you have them , try to make them better.
The question is: The writer tells us how to   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:do sports
B:guess the new words
C:study well
D:play musicA child's room is not only a bedroom. You can see computers, mobile phones, televisions, DVD players, Playstation, and other 21st-century toys. Britain's 8 to 16-year-olds have bedroom possessions  about PS 3,300.
But they don't just have hi-tech toys . A child's room also has expensive clothes, sunglasses, watches, and sports equipment  40% of children have a room that is a home office, mini cinema, and sports hall . 90% have a TV, and 70% have a DVD player. 60% have a CD player, iPod, or MP3 player. 25% have their own computers.
With so much to do in their bedrooms, it is no surprise  that children spend more time there than anywhere else in the house. One girl spends so long on her mobile phone in her room that her parents have to text her to speak to her. Another child goes into his room as soon as he gets home form school and plays on his Playstation until bedtime.
Childred's bedrooms are their kingdoms . Some families hardly do anylhing all together. People eat different meals at different times, and watch different TV programmes in different rooms.
The question is: Parents and children   _   together at home.
The possible answers are:
A:ofren eat dinner
B:usually watch TV
C:sometimes play games
D:hardly do anythingIn many British schools, the pupils usually wear their school uniforms to school on weekdays.However, recently the students at LVS Ascot Junior School in England wore something quite different.What they wore was what people wear when they go to bed--pyjamas  .They did this not only for fun, but for a local charity called Christopher's Smile.
Christopher's Smile was set up in 2008 by Karen & Kevin Capel whose only son Christopher died of cancer at a young age.They hope their charity will help pay for more research into children's cancers.Since then, the charity has raised a lot of money and gotten more and more volunteers.Every year, thousands of people take part in different activities such as charity walk or run to show their support for Christopher's Smile.
The students of Grade 6 at LVS Ascot Junior School also wanted to do something for the sick children.They organized the event "Pyjamas Day" to support Christopher's Smile."We wanted to raise money for our charity in a way that the whole school could join in it, so each pupil paid PS1 to wear his or her pyjamas to school on Pyjamas Day," said the young organizers.Both the students and their teachers took part in the event with great interest.Together they not only raised some money, but also had a good time.
The question is: Which of the following is TRUE?
The possible answers are:
A:It has been six years since Christopher's Smile was set up.
B:Few pupils wear school uniforms to school on weekdays in Britain.
C:In LVS Ascot Junior School, only students join in the event "Pyjamas Day".
D:All students in England need to wear pyjamas to school on Pyjamas Day.There's a big zoo in our city. It's about five kilometres away from my house. I like all kinds of animals. I often go to the zoo by bus on Sundays. In the zoo, I can see many different kinds of animals, such as monkeys, bears, pandas, tigers, lions and dolphins. Some animals are friendly, but some are not. Tigers, lions and bears are dangerous, so they have to stay in cages. But I don't think it's good for animals to stay in cages. They are not happy. They should be free.
Tigers and lions usually live in forests. They can run very fast there. They catch and eat small animals like deer and rabbits. But now in the zoo, they live in small rooms. They walk round and round   in the cages, and they want to get out. I feel sorry for them.
Of all the animals I like dolphins best. The most interesting animals in the zoo that I like are dolphins. I like watching them swim and jump. They swim fast and they jump very high. They are very clever. They can play with balls. They are very friendly to people. If you fall into the water and can't swim, they may come to help you.
The question is: Which of the following is WRONG?
The possible answers are:
A:Some animals are friendly.
B:Tigers usually live in forests.
C:The author thinks tigers should stay in cages.
D:Dolphins can play with balls.Do you know what Oscar is? When did it start? Maybe you can find the background of the awards in the following passage.
The awards started in 1929. Their full title is "The Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences Awards". The Academy is a group of people who have worked in the film industry for many years. They decide who will receive the awards. The awards are often referred to as the "Oscar". This is a nickname given to the awards by a lady called Margaret Herrick. She was once the director of the Academy and she once said that the little gold statue  reminded her of her uncle Oscar!
The Oscar is always an exciting event. Each year, at least one unusual thing happens. When the Italian actor and director Roberto Benigni won an Oscar for best foreign film, he danced on stage! When Gwyneth Paltrow, the star of Shakespeare in Love won the Oscar for best actress, she could not make her acceptance speech because she was crying so much with happiness!
In 1987, Roberto Benigni won the award for best director for a film about the last emperor of China. Since then, Chinese film and actors have started to make an impact at the award. Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon was a huge success and it won the award for best foreign language film in 2001. It also won several technical awards for its amazing "flying" people. We expect to see more awards for Chinese film in the near future.
It's time for the Oscar again. Once more, the stars will dress up in their finest and go to Kodak Theater. There, they will find out who had won the awards for best actor, best actress and best director. Millions of people watch the awards every year to find out who the winners are. Some people watch it to see the stars crying and laughing as they receive their awards.
The question is: Which Chinese film won an award for best foreign film?
The possible answers are:
A:Crouching Dragon, Hidden Tiger.
B:Crouching and Hidden Dragon and Tiger.
C:Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon.
D:Crouching, Dragon, Hiding Tiger.Do you still get free plastic bags from the supermarkets? Things have changed.
China has banned free plastic bags in  shops and supermarkets,and people have to pay for using plastic bags. The rule started on June 1st. It came because our country tried to make less litter. Making super-thin plastic bags has also been banned.
The Chinese once used about 3,000,000,000 plastic shopping bags a day,and they have caused pollution of the environment. The bags have become a main cause of plastic pollution because they are easy to break and people throw them away here and there. So the Chinese people are encouraged to bring their own bags for shop ping.
What kind of shopping bag is the best to bring? Some students in Chongqing have a good idea. They make their own shopping bags. They use old clothes to make cloth bags,and send them to their parents as presents. They also ask their parents and friends to use cloth bags instead of plastic ones. They think it is their duty to protect the environment.
,.
The question is: What's the main idea of this article?
The possible answers are:
A:Making super-thin plastic bags has been banned in China.
B:The bags have become a main cause of plastic pollution.
C:Some students in Chongqing begin to make their own shopping bags.
D:To protect the environment,free plastic bags have been banned in China.Hellen Keller was born in 1880 in the USA. When she was about 19 months old, she got very ill. After many weeks, the doctor told her parents, "Your daughter is better, but now she can't see and she can't hear." Her mother and her father were very sad. After a few years , things got worse. There was no way for Helen to speak to other people. She heard nothing. She didn't understand anything.
Then one day a teacher came. Her name was Anne Sullivan. She lived with Helen and her family. The teacher helped Helen learn words. Helen was a very bright child and soon she learned to spell her first word. When she was older, she went to college .
Helen was a very old woman when she died. The world remembers her today as a brave and wonderful person. She was blind and deaf, but she found a way to see and hear. It helped many people in the world.
The question is: Anne Sullivan helped Helen Keller  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:hear something
B:see the world with her eyes
C:learn words
D:do housework by herselfDear Nancy,
My name is Xiao Ming. I want to be in a club in our school. I'm not famous now. But maybe I can be famous someday! I can't sing or dance or act in movies, but I can do many other things. I can play three instruments: the guitar, the violin and the drums. I think I can be in the music club. Maybe I can be a famous musician. I like to read story books and I can write stories. Maybe I can be a famous writer. I like sports, too, but I don't think I can be a famous and successful sports man. Can I join you?
Love
Xiao Ming
The question is: What can't Xiao Ming do? He can't
The possible answers are:
A:write stories
B:sing or dance
C:act in movies
D:B&CHave you ever stayed in a hotel? Most Chinese hotel often provide guests with things like disposable toothbrushes, toothpaste, shampoo and slippers. Many guests like the idea because they don't have to bring their own.  But ,if you travel to Beijing, remember to bring your own things.  Starting from June, some hotels in Beijing will no longer provide guests with these disposables.  They want to ask people to use fewer disposable things.
Many disposable things are made of plastic.  People throw them away after only using them once.  It is a waste of natural resources and is very bad for the environment.  Do you know that one Chinese person makes as much as as 400kg of waste a year? Most of that waste comes from disposable things.  In Beijing, people throw away about 19,000 tons of plastic bags and 1,320 tons of plastic lunch bowls every year! Plastic can take between 100 and 400 years to bread down.  So wherever you travel, bring your own things and use them again and again.
Back at home and school, you can also do something to make our world a better place.  Try to do these things in your daily life: use cloth shopping bags, not plastic ones. After using a plastic bag, wash it out and let it dry.  Then you can use it over and over again.  Do not use paper cups.  At your school canteen . use your own bowl and chopsticks instead of  disposable ones.
The question is: Which of the following is NOT true?
The possible answers are:
A:Many disposable things are made of plastic.
B:Throwing disposable things away is a waste of natural resources.
C:Plastic is very bad for the environment.
D:Plastic breaks down easily.The Time Machine
This move is based on a science fiction story. A scientist and inventor decides to prove that time travel is possible.
He wants to change the past. To test his idea, he travels 800000 years into the future with the help of his own invention -- a time machine... It will be put on in the National Theatre on Aug. 25thto 29th.
E.T
A group of aliens visit the earth and one of them, E.T.. gets lost and is left on this planet. He is found by a 10--year--old boy, Elliot. Soon the two begin to communicate and start a different kind of friendship .E.T. want to go home, but if Elliot helps him, he'll lose a friend...It'll be shown in the National Theatre on Aug. 26thto 30th.
Mission to Mars
In the year 2020A.D., a mysterious storm kills all but one crew member of the first manned mission to Mars. A rescue mission is Iaunched... It will be on in the National Theatre on Sep. 1st TO Sth.
,A, B, C, D,.
The question is: If you are interested in aliens, you can watch
The possible answers are:
A:The Time Machine
B:E.T.
C:Mission to Mars
D:all of themMy best friends are John and Ann. We do many things together. John lives near my house and we are in the same class. He's fifteen years old and he's tall and thin. He's got blond hair and blue eyes. He's polite and very clever. He's very good at math and he helps me with my homework sometimes. He usually wears jeans and a T-shirt but in the photo he's wearing black trousers and a yellow T-shirt. We also play basketball at a nearby park together and sometimes we play video games at my home.
Our friend Ann doesn't go to our school. She's short and thin, with straight brown hair and brown eyes. She's a little bit shy. We all have Kung Fu lesson every Tuesday and Friday afternoon. We love it. Ann is really good at Kung Fu. We call her the" Kung Fu Kid". She sometimes plays basketball with us, too. In the picture she is wearing a dress, T-shirt and a baseball cap. The three of us have great fun together,
The question is: What things do the three children do together?
The possible answers are:
A:Play baseball.
B:Play basketball.
C:Play video games.
D:Play soccer(Renee-a beautiful princess; Broo-a blue bear; Nahloo-a magical place)
When the Princess Renee heard about Broo, she came down from her castle. She found Broo while he was busy eating honey.
"Mr. Bear," the Princess said, "you are welcome in Nahloo. Here we share with each other. We don't take things from each other."
Broo thought about it for a moment and realized that he had made a mistake. "Well," he said, "maybe drinking all that milk wasn't the best idea."
The Princess continued, "Mr. Bear, you can drink and eat, but you won't feel good because you have never made any contribution to anyone else. I think you'll find that it is better to be full in your heart, not just in your stomach." After saying this, the Princess went back to the castle, leaving Broo alone.
One day, Broo was going to take lots of cookies from the rabbits, then he remembered what the Princess said to him. So Broo decided not to eat the cookies. The rabbits were surprised and said, "Thank you for your kindness, Mr. Bear. Now these cookies will taste sweeter because they are given by you, my friend. If you like, come back tomorrow and we can have the cookies together."
Broo was filled with joy and went through the land. He gave back everything he had taken. In return, he received a promise from everyone to share their food with him. Broo was so delighted that he started dancing in the moonlight with the Princess as his partner.
The question is: When the Princess Renee came down, Broo was   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:dancing with rabbits
B:eating honey
C:giving everything back
D:having cookiesToday there are policemen everywhere, but in 1700, London had no policemen at all. A few old men used to protect the city streets at night and they were not paid.
About 300 years ago, London was starting to get bigger and more and more people began to live there. The city was very dirty and many people were poor. There were so many thieves who stole money in the streets that people stayed in their homes as much as possible.
In 1750,Henry Fielding started to pay a group of people to stop thieves. They were like policemen and were called "Bow Street Runners" because they worked near Bow Street.
Fifty years later, there were 120 "Bow Street Runners", but London had become very big and needed more policemen. So in 1829 , the first Metropolitan(or London)Police Force was started with 3,000 officers. Most of the men worked on foot, but a few rode horses. Until 1920 all the police in London were men.
Today, London police are quite well paid and for the few police officers who still ride horses, the pay is even better than for the others.
The question is: The "Bow Street Runners"  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:stopped people stealing
B:stole money
C:paid people to steal
D:stopped people riding horsesIt is a hot summer day. A group of animals are waiting in line  for the bus under the hot sun. They are all swearing .
Then Elephant comes and stands in front of all the other animals.
"Elephant please wait in line!" the animals tell him.
Elephant still stands there and he doesn't say anything. The other animals are very angry, but they can do nothing to Elephant.
"He is too big and we are too small," says Ant.
"We have to _ to him," says Rabbit.
"Hey, do you feel cool now?" asks Monkey.
"Yes. We are standing Elephant's shadow ," Panda says happily.
Suddenly, they all feel some wind. Oh, how cool! Elephant is fanning(......) the animals with his ears.
At last, the bus comes. All the other animals get on, but Elephant still stands there. He doesn't want to get on the bus.
"Elephant, the bus is here. Why don't you get on? " asks Monkey.
"Oh, I'm just passing by  and want to give you some shade ," says Elephant.
Now, all the other animals know how friendly Elephant is.
The question is: What's the best title of this passage?
The possible answers are:
A:A hot day
B:A selfish  elephant
C:A friendly elephant
D:A cooler dayThere are about fifteen hundred languages in the world. But only a few of them are very important. English is one of them. Many, many people use it, not only in England and the USA, but also in other parts of the world. About 200,000,000 people speak it as their own language. It is difficult to say how many people are learning it as a foreign language. Many millions of people are trying to do so. Is it easy or difficult to learn English? Different people may have different answers. Have you ever noticed ads  of this kind in the newspapers or magazines? "Learn English in six weeks, or give your money back..." "Easy and funny..." "Our records and tapes help you master English in a month". Of course, it never happened quite like that.
The only language that seems easy to learn is the mother tongue. We should remember that we all learned our own language well when we were children. If we could learn English in the same way, it would not seem so difficult. Think of what a small child does. He listens to what people say. He tries what he hears.
So it is hard to say that learning English is easy. We must do a lot of practice. And practice needs great efforts and takes much time. Good teachers, record, tapes, books, and dictionaries will be helpful, but they cannot do the student's work for him.
The question is: If we want to learn English well, what shall we do?
The possible answers are:
A:We should study it without any help.
B:We must do a lot of practice.
C:We need to get much money back.
D:We must live in England or America.One day, when Jack is taking a walk on the street, he hears a voice. He finds a girl crying in the street.
"Why are you crying, little girl?" Jack asks. "I lost my doll," the girl answers. "Don't cry, little girl. I'll go to the shop and buy a new doll for you," Jack says. So the little girl follows Jack to the shop and Jack buys a very nice doll for her. The little girl begins to feel happy. Then Jack says goodbye to her.
But a few minutes later, Jack hears the girl crying again. "Why are you crying again?" Jack asks the little girl.
"If I hadn't lost my doll, I'd have two dolls!" the girl says.
The question is: Which sentence is right?
The possible answers are:
A:Jack knows the little girl.
B:Jack buys two nice dolls for the little girl.
C:The little girl has two dolls at last.
D:The little girl has only one doll at last."Three apples have changed the world. One is for Eve, one is for Newton. The third is in the hands of Steve Jobs." said someone.
Steve Jobs was the former CEO of the Apple computer company in his parents' garage   on April Fool's Day, 1976. Through many years' hard work, Jobs and his Apple products were a great success. People believe he has made the world a better place. Many young people also think of Apple products as a fashion icon.
Because of his great achievements in this area, he was honoured   with a number of awards, including the National Medal of Technology in 1985, the Times cover character   and the Most Successful Manager in 1997.
Jobs' road to success wasn't an easy one. He experienced several ups and downs, but he was still standing. Just as Hemingway in The Old Man and the Sea said, "A man can be destroyed, but not be defeated  . So he was considered as an American hero.
What did Jobs' workers and family members think of him?
On one hand, some workers described him as a strange, bad-tempered   boss. They said he was impatient with those who disagreed with him or didn't understand his ideas. On the other hand, his family members thought of him as a home-loving dad with each of his four children. He worried about all the things of them, such as their boyfriends, travel, safety and even skirt length. Though he was quite busy, he still attended his daughter's graduation   party.
The question is: Where did Steve Jobs set up the Apple computer company?
The possible answers are:
A:In his own house.
B:In his friend's house.
C:In his friend's garage.
D:In his parents' garage.Steve Jobs, the designer  of Apple Computer, wasn't smart when he was at school. At that time, he was not a good student and he always made trouble  with his schoolmates. Then he dropped out  . But he was full of new ideas.
After he left college, Steve Jobs worked as a video game designer. He worked there for only several months and then he went to India. He hoped that the trip would give him some new ideas and give him a change in life.
Steve Jobs lived on a farm in California for a year after he returned  from India.
In 1975, he began to make a new type of computer. He designed the Apple computer with his friend . He chose the name"Apple"just because it could help him to remember a happy summer he once spent in an apple tree garden.
His Apple computer was such a great success that Steve Jobs soon became famous all over the world.
,.
The question is: At first Steve Jobs became a   _   after he left college.
The possible answers are:
A:designer
B:farmer
C:teacher
D:gardenerYoung people and older people don't always agree. They sometimes have different ideas about living, working and playing. But in one special programme in New York State, adults and teenagers live together in a friendly way.
Each summer 200 teenagers and 50 adults live together for eight weeks as members of a special work group. Everyone works several hours each day. They do so not just to keep busy but to find meaning and enjoyment in work. Some teenagers work in the woods or on the farms near the village. Some learn to make things like tables and chairs and build houses. The adults teach them these skills.
There are several free hours each day. Weekends are free, too. During the free hours some of the teenagers learn photo taking or painting. Others sit around and talk or sing. Each teenager chooses his own way to spend his free time.
When people live together, rules are necessary. In this programme the teenagers and the adults make the rules together. If someone breaks a rule, the problem goes before the whole group. They talk about it and ask, "Why did it happen? What should we do about it?"
One of the teenagers has this to say about his experience, "You stop thinking only about yourself; you learn to think about the group."
The question is: All the members work some time every day mainly to   _   .
The possible answers are:
A:lead a busy life.
B:learn new skills of farming;
C:get used to the life on the farms
D:find value and pleasure in workGoing to a friend's house is very exciting. You may spend time with a friend and get to see where he lives. So remember to be polite.
When to arrive
The first thing to remember is that when a friend invites you, you need to arrive on time. If your friend tells you to come "about 3:00", that means you can arrive before 3:05. But usually it is a good idea to arrive at the right time.
What to bring
Often it is also nice to bring something to your friend's house. This could be a box of chocolates for you two to share, or maybe a movie that you can watch together. You can also bring some flowers. A little gift is a nice way to show your friend that you are excited to be at his house.
How to greet
When you visit your friend's house, you may also meet his parents. You should tell them who you are and they may tell you their names. As a child, I went to visit my friend Paul. I called his parents by their first names John and Mary. But now I know it is more polite to call them Mr. or Mrs. Smith. This will show them more respect   and then they may tell you to call them by their first names. Another way to show respect is to call them Madam or Sir.
It is a cool thing to visit a friend's house. Be polite to your friend and your friend's parents, and you will be welcome again!
The question is: When the writer was a child, he called his friend's father   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:Smith
B:John
C:Mary
D:PaulRelax and unwind   in our new state of the Loch Ness Easery. Whether you are looking for a snack or a full meal we have almost anything to be suitable for everyone. We will be ready for helping you at all times.
* Fresh Tea, Coffee, Hot Chocolate etc.
* Good choice of Home Baking and Cakes.
* Home Made Soup and Sandwiches.
* Packed lunches for those who prefer a picnic.
* Seating for over 150 visitors.
Tel:+44(0)1456 450321
Web: www.lochness.com
The question is: At the Loch Ness Eatery, visitors can   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:book comfortable rooms
B:have a picnic
C:cook for themselves
D:get a good relaxationWhen you feel sad, tears will come down from your eyes. When you are happy, especially when you laugh hard, tears will also come down from your eyes. But tears have a more important job than showing your feelings.
Tears keep your eyes clean and healthy. They wash away dirt and germs  just like bath. Your eyes also need tears to keep them wet. And eyes must be wet so that they can move smoothly. Your eyes are busy looking here and there all day long. They move quickly from one thing to another. If you didn't have tears, your eyes couldn't move, and soon you would be blind.
Maybe you don't like tears, but your eyes can't do without them.
The question is: When you are happy or sad, you may    _   .
The possible answers are:
A:look at things quickly
B:wash away dirt and germs
C:have tears in your eyes
D:move your eyes quicklyHave you ever heard of the saying, "If you want a friend, be one."? What does it mean?
There are many different things that you can do to make friends. You may find out what they are if you watch someone make friends.
Here is how one new teacher made friends with the students in her class on the first day of the school. When the bell rang, the teacher smiled at all the students. Then she said, " Good morning! How nice it is to have all of you in my class this year! I want to know each of you very much. I am sure we will enjoy working together."
The teacher smiled, used a pleasant voice, and acted in a friendly way. She told the students her name and wrote it on the blackboard. Then she told them something she liked to do and hoped to do with them during the year. The students knew that she liked many of the same things they liked. _ Each of them wanted to know her better and be her friends. Then she let the students tell something about themselves. So they felt that the teacher knew them. Could you make friends as the teacher did?
How do you know and like your classmates? One way is to find out more about them. During the break you can talk to them. You may ask them their names and the names of the schools they went to last year. They want to know about you, too. You may tell them about your interests or your holiday experiences. It is often easy to be friends with people who have the same interests and play the same games. As you talk, the others may be thinking, " I like to do the same things you do. It should be fun to be friends with you."
Remember! Just talking together in a friendly way is one good way to make friends.
The question is: How did the teacher get the students to feel that she would be a good friend?
The possible answers are:
A:She laughed at each other and told them many things she knew.
B:She told the students many things she likes to do.
C:She laughed and made the students only know her well in a friendly way.
D:She talked and acted in a friendly way to let the students know she really wanted to be friends with them.I like to get up late, so my ideal school starts at 9 a.m. It finished at 3 P.m., so we will have lots of time for after-school activities. There is a big dining hall.
We have an hour for lunch. We eat lunch and chat there. We can also listen to pop music in the hall. We eat fruit and vegetables every day.
We have Maths every day because I think Maths is very interesting to us. I love computers, so we have Computer Studies every day. We wear school uniforms, but we do not wear ties. The classes are quite small. There are 15 students in each class.
There is a park on one side of our school and a shopping mall on the other. We have a big library
lots of useful books. We also have a tennis court and a swimming pool.
There are lots of clubs and after-school activities. We only have half an hour of homework every day, and we do not do homework at weekends. Every month, we go on a school trip to a museum or a theater.
The question is: How often do we go on a school trip to a museum or a theater?
The possible answers are:
A:Every week.
B:Every day.
C:Every month.
D:Every two months.If I ask you to shut your eyes and gave you a piece of apple to eat, would you be able to tell me what it is just by tasting it? Of course, you could. Your tongue is covered with tiny "taste buds" which help you know what different foods taste like. Do you know that foods would taste different if you did not have a nose? This experiment shows how important your nose is when you taste things.
What You Need:
* a friend to help
* small pieces of any food like carrot, orange, banana
* small pieces of apple, raw  potato, and onion
What You Do:
There are actually three different experiments. You and your friend should take turns to try them on each other.
Experiment 1:
Have your friend close her eyes and open her mouth.
Give her a piece of the food and ask her to taste it.
Then, ask her what she thinks it is. She will probably guess correctly.
Experiment 2:
While your friend has her eyes closed, give her a piece of the raw potato. At the same time, hold a piece of apple right under her nose. Ask her to eat the potato (but don't call it by name) and tell you what she thinks it is. She will say it is a piece of apple!
Experiment 3: (for the brave)
Take a piece of raw onion. You don't have to close your eyes this time. Squeeze your nose closed with your other hand so that no smells can get into your nose. Now take a nibble of the onion. Surprise! As long as you hold your nose, you will not be able to taste the onion.
The Science Secret
You already know the science secret. Your nose and your tongue work together to make food taste the way it does. Your tongue, however, can taste only certain flavors like salty, bitter, sour, and sweet. All of the other "tastes" are actually "smells," and you need your nose to "taste" them. Oh, and you might use this science secret the next time you are told to eat something you don't like the taste of. If you hold your nose while you eat it, you won't "taste" it at all.
The question is: What's the best title of the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:Your Eyes Knows
B:Your Nose Knows
C:Your Mouth Knows
D:Your Tongue KnowsIn this school, most students come from rich families and some of them have famous parents. People from Hollywood sometimes go to Beverly Hills High School to look for future actors.
School life
There are lots of good things about going to this school: There are two theatres, a television studio  and a radio station. The students make TV programmes and films in their drama  classes. The biggest activity of the school year is the school dance.
Travelling to school
In California, children can learn to drive three months before their sixteenth birthday. Lots of students in Beverly Hills High School have their own cars, but they have to pay a lot of money to park  their cars in the school parking area.
What the children think
Most children enjoy going to Beverly Hills High School because it is fun and there is much to do. But some children do not like the school if their parents don't have enough money to buy them a fast car or expensive clothes.
The question is: The students make TV programmes and films   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:in a theatre
B:in a television studio
C:in a radio station
D:in their drama classesGeography is the study of Earth and its climates. Scientists use it to study global warming and track the weather. Governments use it to learn where people live and work and to plan what to do with the land. It is now easier than ever to use geography because of a science called space technology.
The United States launched its first satellite in 1958. Some space missions that followed were geographical studies. In fact, earth science is a big part of the work of the National Aeronautics and Space Administration (NASA).
Astronauts looked out of the space shuttle. They decided to take photographs of Earth from their vantage point. Over the years, picture quality improved. Shuttle photography now shows land features, such as rivers. It can even show the streets of large cities. Photos of the same places at different times show how the land is changing.
NASA does not use just photographs, though. In 1958 it launched TIROS (the Television Infrared Observation Satellite). This first use of a satellite to study Earth was effective in giving weather forecasts. It led to the creation of new space tools to use in geography.
The Landsat Program began in 1972. This satellite sent detailed views of Earth from space. The pictures were so precise that scientists could count the number and kinds of crops in a field. Landsat showed where Earth's surface had faults along which earthquakes might happen. This information helped in the planning of new cities and factories. Landsat also made discoveries. In Antarctica it located ranges of unknown mountains. It pinpointed small lakes in Virginia that were no ton maps. Landsat, now more advanced, still flies today.
Another space tool is Earth Observing-1 (EO-1). This spacecraft flies right behind Landsat. It takes pictures of the same sites. The two sets of pictures, viewed together, show how cities grow and how other places, such as rain forests, become smaller over time. This helps scientists learn how people affect geography.
One of the newest space tools is the Geographical Information Systems (GIS). GIS is computer software that helps scientists to study Earth. GIS is different from earlier space tools. Businesses, schools, and even average people -- not just the government --can use it to show them how changes in the planet might affect them.
The question is: Which of the following is true according to the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:The U.S. satellite program began in 1972.
B:Landsat was able to take pictures of other planets.
C:TIROS was successful in giving weather forecasts.
D:GIS can only be used by the government.Do you remember the things happened many years ago ? Do you remember all the names of your friends? Do you have a good memory ?
A good memory is a great help in learning language . Everybody learns his own language by remembering what he learns when he is a little child. And some children , who live abroad with their parents ,seem to learn two languages more easily . In native school it is not easy to learn a second language because the pupils have so little time for it . and they are busy with other subjects . A man's mind is like a camera, but it takes photos not only of what we see but of what we feel ,hear, smell and taste . When we take a real photo with a camera ,there is much to do before the photo is finished and ready to show to our friends . In the same way there is much work to do be done before we can keep a picture forever in our mind . Memory is the diary that we all carry about with us .
,.
The question is: From the passage ,we know that one's mind is like   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:a photo
B:a language
C:a diary
D:a cameraTom is a fat boy when he is ten. He likes watching TV very much. He watches TV at least 5 hours every day. Wherever he goes, he will be late.
One day, he finds a pair of special glasses in his post-box. He also finds a message saying, "With these you can see time."
The boy wants to have a try. He puts the glasses on, looks at his brother, a tall and thin boy, and sees a big box of flowers on top of his head. And it isn't just like his brother. When he looks at his parents, he also sees the flowers. The three boxes are very beautiful. Then, he looks at himself from the mirror. He sees the flowers, too. But his flowers goes to the mouth of the television. Its mouth is big. His flowers becomes fewer and fewer.
At last, he learns that watching TV is a _ of time. He can learn nothing from it. He decides he will never again let the television eat his time.
The question is: How often does Tom watch TV?
The possible answers are:
A:Every day.
B:Once a week.
C:Twice a week.
D:Never.So far, there have been so many successful men and women in the world. And it's no surprise for many of us to dream of doing business when we grow up. However, Moziah Bridge tells us quite different story.
Moziah Bridges is now the CEO of his Mo's Bow's company. He has already earned $200,000 by selling bow ties and other men's fashion accessories . The boy designs all the bow ties together with seven other workers in the company, including his mother and grandmother.
"Mo is the CEO of the company, but I am the CEO of Mo," Bridges' grandma said.
About four years ago, when Bridges went shopping for bow ties, he found they were in ugly"  black and red. He wanted a change. So he asked his grandma to teach him to sew and finally he developed the talent of creating bow ties. Though his very first bow tie didn't look nice, the young sewer kept on practicing. He used colorful cloth with different pictures. Then his parents and friends started to like his works.
At first he tried to sell them online to several stores in the south. Soon Mo's bow ties became popular. With the help of Dayond John, CEO of the famous US clothes brand FUBU, Bridges built his own company. Not only did Daymond John provide money for him, but also produced Bridges to the circle of fashion and business industries.
Now the 13-year-old's business has developed rapidly. So you can just start now! You don't have to wait till you're older. If you have a dream, go for it!
The question is: What kind of person is MoZiah Bridges ?
The possible answers are:
A:Clever but boring.
B:Talented but lazy.
C:Creative and hardworking.
D:Careless and stupid.One day, in an English class, the students are doing their lessons. Their teacher, a young woman, is very happy. She sings some nice songs with them and then she goes to the blackboard and writes "SMILES" on it.
"This is the longest word in English, " she says to the class.
A girl stands up and says, "It has only six letters. How can it be the longest word in English?"
The teacher smiles and says, "Oh, look! There is a mile  between the first letter and the last one. "
The question is: A girl  _  what her teacher says.
The possible answers are:
A:asks
B:believes
C:doesn't ask
D:doesn't believeLook! This is a photo of my family. My name is Brooklyn. I am 11 years old now. You know my father? Yes, he is David Beckham. He is a good football player  . He is thirty-nine years old now. This is my mother. Her name is Victoria. She is thirty-six years old now. I have a brother. But he is not in this photo. He is only 1 year old. His name is Romeo. We are very happy.
,.
The question is: --Is my brother in the photo? --   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:Yes, he is.
B:No, he isn't.
C:He is only 1 year old.
D:He's Romeo.One of Anna's friends has chickenpox . Two days later, Katie has chickenpox. Anna's mother says: " Your best friend has chickenpox . We have to keep an eye on you."
The next evening, Anna finds some red spots  on her face. The next morning, she stays home from school. She can't go to her grandpa's birthday party. She can't go to her soccer practice. She can't go to the supermarket with her mother.Anna cries : " I don't like chickenpox. I miss school. I miss my friends."
Then Anna's mother has an idea.
After lunch, Katie, Mike and Danny come to Anna's home--- all with spots like her. Anna's mother says : " Let's have a chickenpox party!"
All the afternoon, the kids play games. When Anna's friends have to go home,
"See you at school." Katie says.
"Having chickenpox is not so bad." says Danny.
"I know," Anna says with a laugh , " Can we all have chickenpox again next week?"
The question is: kids  have chickenpox from the passage ?
The possible answers are:
A:Two
B:Three
C:Four
D:FiveOur voice gives away a lot of information about ourselves. It can tell us our gender and age. And now, scientists say that it can also tell us our height.
Scientists at Washington University, Indiana University and University of California found that listeners could accurately tell the height of speakers, just by their voices. And the key to this mystery is a sound known as the subglottal resonance . It _ with height and helps us build a mental picture of a person.
"The best way to think about subglottal resonances is to imagine blowing into a glass bottle with water. The less water in the bottle, the lower sound," said John Morton, a scientist at Washington University. And it's the same for humans. The frequency of the subglottal resonance depends on the height. The taller we are, the deeper the resonance frequency is.
In order to find out whether people could identify the resonance, scientists did experiments. A number of same-sex pairs of different heights were told to read the same sentence aloud. It was played back to listeners who had to choose which one of the pairs was taller. Then, other listeners had to rank the speakers from the shortest to the tallest. The listeners were able to identify the tall people 62.17% of time, much higher than a lucky guess.
Why not try the experiment yourself? Find out if your tall friends have deeper voices.
The question is: The scientists in some American universities found that people's voices   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:change more quickly as they get older
B:can tell the height of the speaker
C:sound different when they have water in their mouth
D:can tell the speaker's gender, age and weightI'm Leo. I'm 13 and I'm in Class Six. I have three good friends. They are Lily, Gina, and Ben. Lily and Gina are in Class Seven. Ben is in Class Six, too. We're all in Grade Seven.
We like sports. My favorite sport is ping-pong. It is interesting. I have three ping-pong balls and four ping-pong bats. Lily and Gina are sisters. They don't like ping-pong. They think it is boring. Their favorite sport is tennis. They have five tennis balls and they play tennis with their parents and two brothers. Ben's favorite sport is soccer. He has two soccer balls and he plays soccer very well.
The question is: ?
The possible answers are:
A:Ben can't play soccer.
B:Leo and Ben are classmates.
C:Seven people are in Lily's family.
D:Lily and Gina think ping-pong is difficult.Nobody likes to do chores, especially kids. How can you make your kids get into a good habit of doing their chores? Try making chores fun for them.
Play some music:Music makes everything seem like a party, doesn't it? Play your kids' favorite music and let them dance around while they are doing their chores.
Make it a treasure hunt  : It's a good way when you would like them to clean the house. Let them know that you hide   a $5 bill someplace. If they find it, they can keep it.
Change often:If your kids keep doing the same chores for months, they may feel bored. Teaching them a new task   is fun for both you and the kids. They will feel more grown up when they get a new task.
Do it together:It's never fun to be the only one working and watching everyone else relaxing.
If everyone takes part in doing chores, you will finish them faster and have more fun.
,.
The question is: There are  _  pieces of advice in the article.
The possible answers are:
A:three
B:four
C:five
D:sixDick's grandmother is very rich . She has many shops. The old woman begins to learn drawing when she is sixty years old. And she loves it very much. She draws a lot of pictures for twelve years.
One day, the old woman is ill. She stays in hospital. Before she dies, she says to Dick," I want to give my picture to a school. Then the students will remember me forever . But I don't know which school I'll give them to. Can you help me?"
"Well" says Dick," You can give them to a blind   school!"
The question is: Dick thinks the pictures are  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:bad
B:nice
C:beautiful
D:very goodFashion always keeps at least one eye on the future. Now scientists are lending a hand, developing tomorrow's super-powered clothing such as coats that can recharge  your MP3 player and make you stronger.
For example, electronics could get recharged in the future simply by plugging  them into your outer wear, because Australian researchers are designing clothing that can collect energy from a person. The coats would include small things that change vibration energy from a person's movements into electricity. High-tech fabrics would carry this energy to batteries .
"It will look like an ordinary(common)coat but have super energy," said Adam Best, an Australian head research scientist. " _ has important uses for soldiers in the field and could mean they no longer need to carry heavy batteries,'' Best added. "Above all, they'd be wearing the battery, not carrying it." Besides helping soldiers, these coats could also have common uses for common people, such as powering radios, mobile phones, MP3 players or medical things. Solar-powered handbags could do the same thing.
Thanks to self-cleaning fabrics developed by scientists working for the U. S. Air Force, underwear and sports clothing could go weeks without washing. The general idea of clothes that never get dirty can be found in the 1951 film The Man in the White Suit. The new technology helps keep off water, oil and bacteria .
High-tech fabrics could also help serve as protection. For example, future fabrics could lead to soft helmets that turn hard in an accident.
Not all the possible fabrics of tomorrow are necessarily high-tech. For example, chicken feathers  and other things of the farming industry could get changed into wool-like fabrics or cotton-like ones, helping use fewer fabrics made from oil.
Scientific development is also creating wool that doesn't become bigger or smaller after washing. And future clothing could help soldiers shoulder heavy bags and help people walk. But not all electronic coats have such uses--some might serve as video game players with high technology and the latest fashion joined together perfectly.
The world of fashion is set to be taken by high-tech clothing that works as you wear!
The question is: How can high-tech fabrics protect people from danger?
The possible answers are:
A:We will no more get hurt because of heavy batteries.
B:High-tech fabrics serve as a kind of protection for soldiers.
C:A soft helmet will become strong when you hit into something.
D:Future clothing keeps us away from dirty things and bacteria.Because earthquakes happen without warning, it's important to take steps now to prepare.Because you don't know where you will be when an earthquake happens, prepare some supplies for your home, workplace, and car.
1.Water.
A person need at least 1/2 gallon of water daily just for drinking.Store at least 1 gallon of water per person per day and be prepared for a 72-hour period.It is suggested that you buy bottled water.Keep bottled water in its original container and do not open it until you need to use it.Also, do check the "use by" date.
2.Food.
It's always a practical idea to keep a supply of nonperishable  food on hand.Have an enough supply of canned food, powdered milk, dried fruits, nonsalted nuts and canned juices for at least 72 hours.
3.Flashlights   and spare batteries.
Keep a flashlight beside your bed, at your place of work, and in your car.Do not use matches or candles after an earthquake until you are sure that no gas leaks.
Prepare a battery-powered radio and spare batteries.Most telephones will be out of order, so radios will be your best source of information.
4.Clothes.
If you live in a cold place, you must think about warmth.You might not have heat after an earthquake.Think about your clothing and bedding supplies.
The question is: You should prepare all of the following except   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:powdered milk
B:fresh vegetables
C:dried fruits
D:canned juicesAre you looking for something fun? Would you like to help other people in your free time? Then join us and be a volunteer .
We have volunteer jobs for people of all ages. Anyone, between the age of 12 and 80, can become a volunteer.
You can help people in many ways. Nursing homes need volunteers to take care of old people. Hospitals need volunteers to look after children while their parents see a doctor. Animal lovers can help take care of those dogs and cats without homes. There is something that out volunteers want to tell you.
"As a volunteer, I don't want to get anything. Seeing the children's happy faces, I am happy, too." said Carlos, an old woman of 62.
" I often played computer games in my free time before. Now I help middle-aged people learn how to use computers." said another volunteer at the age of 18.
If everyone gives a hand, we'll have a better world to live in.
Interested? Call us on 1-800-555-5756 or visit our website: www.active.com.
The question is: What does the phrase "give a hand" mean? It means "   _  "
The possible answers are:
A:offer help
B:have an interest
C:give money
D:get somethingA primary school bus driver stopped the bus in a gas station in Ohio because he had to use the bathroom. Instead of turning off the engine   and taking the key with him, the driver left the bus running. And he forgot to set the brake   because he was in a hurry. "It was cold outside, and I didn't want the kids to get cold while I was using the bathroom," he told a police officer.
The bus slowly started moving away from the gas station. As the bus picked up speed, the kids began shouting and crying. Ten-year-old Jake ran forward to the driver's seat and held the steering wheel  . He pressed hard on the brake pedal   and managed to stop the bus as it came nearer to a river bed. Jake turned off the engine at last. After the police arrived at the scene, they praised Jake for his great effort.
"That is one cool kid," said the police officer. "I told him he would make a great police officer when he grew up."
Jake wasn't impressed with what he had done. "Stopping the bus," he said, "was easy compared to playing Grand Theft Auto III," his favorite action video game. The bus driver was taken to the police station. He was at first charged   with "leaving a child alone while motor is running." The lawyer said he hoped to _ the charge because of the number of children (twenty) on the bus.
"Whatever he is charged with," the police officer said, "I will see that he never drives a bus again."
The question is: What will most probably happen to the bus driver? He will  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:not be charged
B:face the most serious charge
C:not be allowed to drive a bus again
D:only be charged with "leaving a child alone while motor is running""Would you tell me which way I should go from here?" asked Alice.
"That depends a good deal on where you want to get," said the Cat.
"I really don't care where" replied Alice.
"Then it doesn't much matter which way you go," said the Cat.
--- from " Alice in Wonderland "
My name is David. And I have a brother called Mike.
One day, my brother called me and asked me for some advice. He was trying to decide between two job offers:
Job 1 - The first job was your typical 40 hour a week "office" job.
Job 2 - The second job was more of a career in the insurance industry , where he would start at the bottom, and after many years and many long hours eventually rise to the top (if he was good).
The second job did not pay as well as the first job (at the beginning), but the pay-off of the second job (in the future) was much greater than the first job. So which job should my brother take? Well the answer is...it depends.
Just like the Cat was trying to tell Alice, which road you take depends a great deal on where you want to end up.
Begin with the End in Mind
I asked my brother what was his life's purpose. He said his purpose was to "teach," but he wanted to make a lot of money first. I told my brother to forget about the money, and I advised him to focus on his purpose. I then asked him which job best supported his end result of "teaching." He said the first job best supported his goal because he would only have to work 40 hours a week, which would give him spare time to teach. He continued on to say, "but if I take job number two, I can work hard and make more money, then I can retire early and "teach" later in life." I again advised him to "focus" on his purpose, not money. Things don't end wrong, they begin wrong!
You Can't Ride Two Horses Well
It would be very difficult to have a successful teaching career while you're working 70-80 hours a week in the insurance business; no one can ride two horses well. As they say, you can do anything, but not everything. I advised him to get started today by choosing the job that best supported that decision.
Tomorrow Never Comes
My brother was thinking that he could always start teaching later in life, but the reality is, tomorrow never comes. Unless you decide right now to follow your feelings, they will probably never be completed. You only live once, don't go to the end of your life with one regret.
The Money Will Come
My brother seemed to be overly concerned with making money. I told him not to be anxious about making money. You will always have greater money when you're doing what you love.
In a word, whenever you're at a cross-road, be sure to make the decision that best supports the goal of your life. If you do, then you will be well on your way.
The question is: Mike   _   David one day.
The possible answers are:
A:visited
B:met
C:made a telephone call to
D:foundAs a kid, I read a story of a bird. It described a male bird which takes a lot of pain to build a house and the female bird takes care of the baby in it. When the baby bird learns to fly, the whole family flies off to a different place leaving behind the beautiful nest for other birds to grow their family in it. It made me confused : How could they so easily give up their house built with so much effort?
One night, I got this dream. I was walking on the endless road with beautiful trees on the either side. Attracted by the greenery, I went on, then I saw a wonderful house. I explored the house. There was a sloping  roof which matched with the greenery around; the large central open yard reminded me of the activities that might have taken place there which felt lively even now. The small water body that kept the house cool added to the beauty of the house -- of course, it was all dried up now. Such liveliness turns the house into a home. People say "THE HOME IS WHERE THE HEART IS", and now I felt it and was attracted deeply.
When I woke up from the dream, I was clear about everything. I realized what message my dream wanted to convey  me. And years later, when I chose my career, I thought of the story of the bird and my dream, then I was sure what to do. I decided to choose _ as my career. I wanted to do the same thing that the male bird in the story did, to take pain in building a beautiful house and let others stay in it. My dream comes true and the happiness that I gain now from this career is great.
The question is: When the writer read the story of the bird, he felt  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:bored
B:confused
C:amazed
D:worriedI Don't Have to Be Like Them 
All students have to face their own problems when they are growing up. You may not think that having a good family is a problem. But for me , it was. I had to face the problem of being the youngest of the Smith girls.
We live in a small town in Pennsylvania, US. There are three girls in the Smith family, Amanda, Theresa and me . People often say things to me , like " Oh, the three of you , you're such nice girls. Your sisters are so pretty and so thin! You're really nothing like them . " That made me sad.
At school , all of my teachers had taught my sisters . On the first day of school , they said , "Oh , the youngest of the three! I hope you're just like your sisters. They're such wonderful students."
People always compared  me with my sisters . So I couldn't help comparing myself with them , too. Theresa was smarter , Amanda was prettier . I began to work hard to be more like them . What my sisters did , I did , too. At last , I became drum major of our school 's marching band . Both Amanda  and Theresa had been drum majors . I became editor of the school's newspaper . Theresa had been the editor two years before.
But last year, Amanda went to college  , and Theresa went to high school . Now I'm by myself at junior high . Everyone knows me , because I'm the drum major and the newspaper's editor .
Now I don't feel like a Smith girl any more , I feel like myself . I'm proud of doing all of the same great things that my sisters did . But the best thing I did was to learn to stop comparing myself with them .
The question is: Why did the author become drum major of her school's marching band ?
The possible answers are:
A:Because she liked that.
B:Because her parents asked her to .
C:Because her sisters did that before.
D:Because her teacher asked her to .If you don't keep yourself warm enough, winter can be a time of illness.
During the winter months, people easily get colds and flu  . Many think they are the same, but these two illnesses are different.
Colds can stay with you for up to a week. You will have a running nose, sore throat, headache, cough and a fever.
Flu is more serious. You will feel sick very quickly. You will have a fever and a headache. Your body will hurt and become weak. This could last for up to four weeks.
Is there any way to keep yourself away from colds and flu? Staying clear of people with colds or flu may work.
Try not to touch your nose or eyes if you have been close to someone who has a cold. Wash your hands, especially after cleaning your nose. Going out with wet hair can also give you a cold! If you catch a cold or flu, go to bed and rest. Doing this will help you get better. Drink lots of water. Stay in a warm, well-aired room. If you have a headache, or your muscles hurt, take some medicine.
The question is: What will we have if we get a flu?
The possible answers are:
A:Body hurts, a fever, a headache
B:A sore throat.
C:A running nose
D:A headache, a fever, a running noseThe Internet, mobile phones and iPads are parts of our lives now. Technology is greatly affecting all ways of our lives, from the ways we work to the ways we play. And it even causes a number of social problems such as cloning   humans.
We have had lots of technology and it has changed our lives a lot. We are sure that humans will continue to use more and more technology. Here are some examples of modern technology that will change our ideas and will affect our lives greatly.
Global Positioning System (GPS)  
It's a system that uses radio signals from satellites to show exact   information.   It tells you where the user is on the earth in all weather conditions.  It's made up of three parts: satellites, control equipments   on land and receivers.
Space Technology
Russian and American scientists have worked together for the International Space Station, (ISS) for a long time. They hope the ISS will provide a long-lasting lab. Such a lab will bring humans limitless   advantages. It's even hoped that one day space technology will take humans to their new houses in space.
Underwater Robot
Hercules is a kind of underwater robot with some high technology equipments. It will be used to search for ancient ships which were destroyed into the deep sea during their journey long ago.
The world is changing so quickly that it's hard for us to catch up with all the new inventions because they seem to come out every month. It's important for us to learn about new technology and the role that it plays in our lives. So we should be willing to accept modem technology, or we will fall behind the times.
The question is: _   can tell you where the user is on the earth exactly.
The possible answers are:
A:Satellites
B:Receivers
C:Global Positioning System
D:Underwater RobotGiving a gift can mean a lot. It can be a way to deepen   a friendship. Before you get a gift for someone, spend time really thinking about what makes him or her special. Think about their interests, hobbies, needs and happiest moments. For example, friends and families with children might love a special calendar that contains everyone's birthday and other special dates and events.
For music fans, a CD filled   with their favourite music always makes a special gift.
Spending time with loved ones is also a way to give them a gift. You might take that special person out for a birthday dinner at your favourite restaurant.
Making a gift for someone using your own skills is very special. It is much more meaningful than a store-bought gift and shows how much you care!
Writing your feelings in a greeting card can be a simple way to make a keepsake   that will be remembered for years.
The question is: According to the passage,   _   gifts are the best.
The possible answers are:
A:special
B:popular
C:expensive
D:store-boughtTeachers and parents usually call attention to the pictures when they read storybooks to preschool children. But a new study tells that calling attention to the words and letters on the book may lead to better readers.
The two-year study compared children who were read to this way in class with children who were not. Those whose teachers most often discussed the words showed clearly higher skills in reading, spelling and understanding.
Shayne Piasta, a professor of teaching and learning at Ohio State University, says most preschool teachers would need only a small change in the way they teach. They already read storybooks in class. The only difference would be increased attention to the printed words.
Ms. Piasta says if you get children to pay attention to letters and words, _ that they will do better at word spelling. But she says studies show that very few parents and teachers do this in a systematic way.
They watched more than three hundred children aged four and five in classrooms in Ohio and Virginia. The children came from poor families and were poor in their language skills. They may become bad readers when they enter primary schools later.
Professor Justice says children's language skills can be improved by discussing with him or her when you are reading a book to a child. There are different ways that adults can talk to children about the letters and words on the page. They can point to a word and discuss the shape of it with a finger. They can point out a word: "This is 'dog'." They can discuss the meaning of the word or how the words tell the story. And they can also show how words are written left to right in English.
The question is: The writer wants to tell us that   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:preschool children should have higher discussing skills
B:parents should make a plan to teach their children reading
C:teachers should help children pay attention to printed words
D:languages skills should be discussed with preschool childrenDo you have a lucky number? What is it? Many people have a special number that they hope will bring them good luck.
In Chinese culture, some numbers are believed to be lucky or unlucky based on the Chinese word that the number sounds similar to.
For example, the word for the number 8 sounds similar to the word for "making a fortune ". So, people consider it a very lucky number. Some people will even spend a lot of money to have 8s in their phone numbers or vehicle license plate   numbers. The opening ceremony of the Beijing Olympics began at 8:08 p.m. on August 8, 2008.
The number 9 is also a lucky number because of its connection to the emperors of China. There were nine dragons on emperors' robes   and Chinese myth held that the dragon has nine children. The number 9 also stands for "long lasting". That's why a man always proposes to(---)a woman with 99 or 999 roses.
So what's a "bad luck" number in China? It might be 4. Many Chinese people see 4 as a "bad luck" number because it sounds similar to the character for "death".
Because of this, many buildings skip  the fourth floor, and simply call it the fifth floor. In Hong Kong, some buildings even skip all floors numbered with 4, such as, 4, 14, 24, 34 and all 40-49 floors. Some buildings also skip the 13th floor, as this is considered an unlucky number in many Christian countries. As a result, a building whose highest floor is 50 may have only 35 physical floors.
The question is: Chinese people regard the number 9 as  _  ?
The possible answers are:
A:becoming beautiful
B:living a long life
C:making a fortune
D:living a happy lifeMany teenagers feel that the most important people in their life are their friends. They believe that their family don't know them as well as their friends do. In large families ,it is quite often for brothers and sisters to fight ,and then they can only go to their friends for some ideas.
It's very important for teenagers to have one good friend or a group of friends. Even when they are not with their friends, they usually spend much time on the phone. This communication   is very important in children's growing up, because friends can be the right one to talk about something with .These things are difficult to say to the family.
However, parents often try to choose their children's friends for them. Some parents even ask their children not to meet their good friends.
The question is: .Many teenagers think that  _  can understand them better.
The possible answers are:
A:friends
B:brother
C:sisters
D:parentsIn many English homes, people have four meals  a day: breakfast, lunch, afternoon tea  and dinner.
People have breakfast from 7:00 to 9: 00 in the morning. They eat eggs or  bread. English people drink tea or milk for breakfast, too. Lunch comes at about 13:00. Afternoon tea is from 16:00 to 17:00, and dinner is about 19:30. They often have soup , and they have some chicken or fish with vegetables. Then they eat some bananas, apples or oranges. But not all English people have meals like that. Some of them don't have their dinners in the evening .
,.
The question is: Usually, people in English don't have   _   for their breakfast.
The possible answers are:
A:bread
B:fish
C:milk
D:eggsAn old man, too old to live on his own, went to live with his son, daughter-in-law, and a four-year-old grandson. The old man's hands trembled  , and he couldn't see clearly. The family ate together at the dinner table every night. But the grandfather's trembling hands and poor sight made eating rather difficult. Peas rolled off his spoon onto the floor. When he drank milk, he spilled it on the tablecloth. The son and daughter-in-law became angry with him. "We must do something about Grandfather," said the son. So the husband and the wife set a small table in the corner. There, the grandfather ate alone while the rest of the family enjoyed dinner at the dinner table. Since the grandfather had broken a dish or two, his food was served in a wooden bowl. Sometimes he had tears in his eyes as he ate alone. The four-year-old grandson watched it all in silence.
One evening before supper, the father noticed his son playing with wood on the floor. He asked the child sweetly, "What are you making?" Just as sweetly, the boy said, "Oh, I am making a little bowl for you and Mum to eat your food from when I grow up." The four-year-old boy smiled and went back to work. The words struck the parents and they were speechless. Then tears started to run down their cheeks. Though no word was spoken, both knew what must be done. That evening the husband took the grandfather's hand and gently led him back to the family table.
The wise parents should realize that the children are their parents' mirror.
The question is: _   and it made the parents speechless.
The possible answers are:
A:Their son would treat them as they did to their father when they were old
B:They saw their father's tears
C:They thought their father was sad
D:They worried about their futureI was 15 months old, a happy and _ kid, until the day I fell. It was a bad fall. I landed on a piece of glass that cut my eye badly. from then on, my injured, sightless, cloudy gray eye lived on with me. Sometimes people asked me embarrassing questions. Whenever kids played games, I was the "monster". I was always imagining that everyone looked down on me.
Yet mum would say to me, "Hold your head up high and face the world." I began to depend on that saying.
As a child, I thought mun meant, "Be careful, or you will fall down or bump into something because you are not looking." As a teenager, I usually looked down to hide my shame. But I found that when I held my head up high, People liked me.
In high school I even became the class president, but on the inside I still felt like a monster. All I really wanted was to look like everyone else. When things got really bad, I would cry to my mun and she would look at me with loving eyes and say, "Hold your head up high and face the world. Let them see the beauty that is inside instead of your appearance ."
My mum's love was the sunshine that made me bright. I had faced hard times, and learned not only to be confident  but also to have deep compassion for others.
"Hold your head up high" has been heard many times in my home. I say it to my children. The gift my mum gave me will live on.
The question is: From the story, we can know that   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:the writer understood the saying very well as a child
B:the writer felt like everyone else in high school.
C:the writer is living with a warm and brave heart now
D:the writer has deep compassion for others all her lifeLinda was a sixteen-year-old girl in Canada. She was feeling bad for several days. Her mother took her to a hospital and the doctors found out that she had cancer .
Linda's life changed. She began to go to the hospital often for treatment  and she also became _ .
The hospital and the doctors were good, but Linda did not have hope herself. Linda's mother called a flower shop close to the hospital. "I want some beautiful flowers for my daughter. She is a teen girl with cancer." She told the shop owner.
Later, the flowers arrived. Then Linda saw something unusual. It was a card. It read:
Linda,
I own this flower shop. I had cancer when I was fifteen years old. I am 24 years old now. Good luck. My heart goes out to you.
Yours,
Alice
Linda smiled. She finally felt some real hope. She found the will  to live.
Little things make a big difference. All of us can give little things like kindness, encouragement  and hope to others.
The question is: Who sent Linda a card?
The possible answers are:
A:Her mother.
B:A doctor.
C:A flower shop owner.
D:The hospital.Have you ever seen a horse with toes? Millions of years ago, horses had many toes. They had four toes on each front foot. They had three toes on each back foot. The horses were smaller than cats.
These small horses lived in the forest. Their many toes helped the horses run over the soft wet ground.
It was very hot in the forest. But the weather changed. It became cold. Many trees couldn't live in cold weather. The trees died and fell. Forests became open field. The sun made the ground dry and hard. Horses began to change too. They began to get bigger. This took a long time. On the dry hard land, horses needed only their middle toes for running. At last their middle toes became hard.
The question is: When the weather changed,   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:many trees grew well in cold weather
B:animals began to change too
C:cats were older than the horses
D:horses were the same as they areThere are four people in Simon's family. They have different habits.
* Simon's father is a doctor. He works in a hospital. He likes reading books very much. There are many books in his bedroom. He doesn't like going to the cinema.
* Simon's mother is a music teacher. She likes listening to music, but she has no time to go to concerts.
* Simon's brother is seven years old. He likes watching cartoons. He usually watches cartoons when his parents aren't at home.
* Simon is a middle school student. He likes playing football. He often plays football with his friends after school. He likes playing computer games at home. But he doesn't like watching TV.
The question is: Who doesn't like going to the cinema?
The possible answers are:
A:Simon.
B:Simon's mother.
C:Simon's father.
D:Simon's brother.Do you love holidays but hate the increase of weight that follows? You are not alone. Holidays are happy days with pleasure and delicious foods. Many people, however, are worried about the weight that comes along with these delicious foods.
With proper planning, though, it is possible to control your weight. The idea is to enjoy the holidays but not to eat too much. You don't have to turn away from the foods that you enjoy. The following suggestions may be of some help to you.
* Do not miss meals. Before you leave home for a big dinner, have small, low fat foods. This may help to keep you from getting too excited before delicious foods.
* Begin with clear soup and fruit or vegetables. A large glass of water before you eat may help you feel full. Use a small plate ; a large plate will encourage you to have more than enough.
* Better not have high fat foods. Dishes that look oily have much fat in them.
* Fill your plate with salad and green vegetables.
* If you have a sweet tooth, try some fruits. They don't have as much fat as cream and chocolate.
* Don't let exercise take a break during the holidays. A 20 minutes' walk after a meal can help burn off calories  .
The question is: The writer gives us  _  suggestions about controlling weight during holidays.
The possible answers are:
A:four
B:five
C:six
D:sevenSome advice on travel
Here is some advice on travel. I think it will be helpful to you.
1. Forget fashion! Always wear your most comfortable clothes and shoes when you go on long trips.
2. If you're going somewhere cold, remember to take your warm clothes with you.
3. If you are going somewhere sunny, remember to take some sun block  and sunglasses.
4. Traveling on trains and buses can be boring, so you'd better take an MP4 player.
5. Always take a camera with you to _ those special moments.
6. Be careful with your things whenever you go to crowded places, like a train station.
7. Always leave room in your bag for souvenirs .
8. Tour buses often stop at expensive shops along the way. Save your money by buying souvenirs at local shops.
9. Most countries have lower prices for students, so if you are, take your student card with you.
10. If you travel abroad, remember to take your passport.
The question is: According to the passage,   _   is a good way to keep away from being bored while you are on a train or a bus.
The possible answers are:
A:taking some photos
B:listening to music
C:reading a book
D:sleeping for a whileThere is a photo on Becky's desk. It is a picture of her family. There are four people in it.
The man is her father. He is thirty-eight. He can speak Chinese. There is a woman behind Becky. She is Becky's mother. She is thirty-seven. She can't speak Chinese, but she speaks English. They're teachers. They work in a school. There is a boy in the picture, too. He is Becky's brother. His name is Jack. He is twelve. He can skate  and ride a bike. He has an American friend. Her name is Betty. Becky and her brother are in the same school, but they aren't in the same grade. They look like their mother. They are English. It's a big family.
,.
The question is: _   can speak Chinese.
The possible answers are:
A:Becky's father
B:Becky's mother
C:Becky's brother
D:Becky's sisterWatch for us on TV
THIS summer, many Beijing middle school students had a different kind of vacation. Instead of hanging out with friends or traveling, they were training hard for the National Day celebration.
To mark the special anniversary  of China this year, the students performed a group dance in a big parade on Tian'anmen Square on October 1.
Students were training from 7:30am to around 10:00am or from 4 pm to 6:30pm. It was to avoid the summer heat.
They wore white hats, T-shirts and dark-blue trousers. The hats and T-shirts were printed with a red logo, the number '60".
The first week of training was PE. Students practiced standing and squatting .  Then they moved on to practice the group display. The use colored sheets in the shape of flowers as a prop . When we watch the parade on TV we will see them making colorful patterns with them.
What do the students think of their unusual summer?
"Sometimes we find it a bit tiring." says Lu Wenqi,13."But most of us think it's a great honor to take part in such an important celebration."
Li Hui, 15, thinks the same as Lu. She says her classmates are seldom late for training.
"It's a wonderful chance for us,' says Li. "When my parents were in college, they also took part in a national day celebration. Now it's my turn!"
By Wang Min
21st Century Teens staff
The question is: How long were the students training every day?
The possible answers are:
A:two and a half hours
B:five hours
C:six hours
D:five and a half hoursYou are what you eat
Keeping better eating habits can help you reduce   disease. A healthy eating plan means choosing the right foods to eat and preparing foods in a healthy way.
 _ 
Do you often change your toothbrush? Maybe you think it is not necessary. A study shows old toothbrushes bring disease. You should often change your toothbrush.
Exercise
Swimming, running, skating, skiing, dancing, walking and some other activities can help you stay healthy. You should exercise at least three times a week and for twenty minutes or more each time. Do it.
Plan out your life
You should have breakfast before you go to school. Have a proper   meal for lunch. Follow a healthy diet.
,.
The question is: From the passage, we know   _   can help us stay healthy.
The possible answers are:
A:proper diet
B:exercise
C:sleep and exercise
D:A and BOne of the easiest ways to keep fit is to do jogging. Jogging is the name for a very gentle   running. It is just a little faster than walking.
Start slow jog 20 meters, then walk 20 meters. Little by little, if you are not feeling very tired, you may do more jogging and less walking. Finally, jog the whole way. It will be easy for you to start jogging for 15 minutes twice a week, slowly, increase this to 20-30minutes everyday. The longer you join in jogging, the more you enjoy it and the healthier you will become. Some people like jogging alone, and others enjoy doing it with friends.
Jogging in groups makes more people keener  , because you just can not stay in bed while there is a group of friends waiting outside.
If you want to start jogging, prepare a pair of comfortable shoes and determined mind.
The question is: Jogging means   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:walking
B:running as fast as possible
C:slow running
D:slow walkingOne day an Australian farmer,Joe,saw a bright light in the sky.The light came nearer and  nearer and suddenly Joe saw that it was a spaceship landed in a field nearby.
The door of the spaceship opened and two strange beings  climbed out.They seemed to be half man and half bird.Joe was afraid of them.He tried to run away.But the spacemen walked towards him,picked him up and carried him into the spaceship.
They asked him questions about Each."We're from Venus ,"they said,"but it is getting very hot there.A lot of our people are dying and we haven't much time left.We ale trying to find a new home."
After some time they freed Joe and at last the spaceship took off and could not be seen.
Joe told his friends about the spacemen,but no one believed  his story.
"You will believe me one day".Joe told them."The spacemen will come back..."
The question is: The strange beings came to Earth to   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:visit Joe
B:catch Joe
C:find a new home
D:live with JoeWhen you are ill, you should go to see a doctor. After the doctor looks you over, he will give you a note to take to the _ for some medicine. Chemists are usually good at reading doctors' notes. But sometimes doctors write too badly and even the chemist can not read them.
One day a woman wrote to a doctor to invite him to have dinner with her family . The doctor wrote an answer, but he wrote too badly and the woman could not read it. She asked her husband, "I don't know whether he is going come or not. I don't want to call and say that I don't understand him. "
Her husband thought for a few minutes and then he had a good idea. "Take it to the chemist," he said , "He will be able to read it for us."
"That's a good idea." said the woman. She went to the chemist's shop and gave the doctor's note to him. The chemist looked at it for a long time. "Could you wait a moment, Miss?" he said . Then he went to the back of the shop. After a few minutes he came back, carrying a large bottle. He gave the bottle to the woman.
"Take a teaspoon every day." said the chemist to the woman.
The question is: The woman couldn't understand the "note". Because  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:the woman never went to school
B:the doctor wrote badly
C:the doctor didn't like to go
D:the woman didn't know much about medicineOne day, five blind men were walking along, when suddenly they bumped into something very big in front of them. Each one put out his hand and _ it. The first man thought it was a tree ---it was tall and round. The second man felt something tall and wide and rough  and said, "Aha! This must be a wall !" The third man touched a very long smooth thing. He guessed this was a spear  .Then the fourth man said, "I feel cool. There must be a fan up there. Oh, yes! Here it is!" He touched something big and round that was moving. What did the fifth man find? Well, he started shouting that he was being chased  by a snake.
Each man was sure he knew what he had touched, but they were wrong. They finally understood the mystery when the big thing attempted  to move, and they felt silly because everything they had touched belonged to an elephant.
The question is: Which of the following sentences is NOT true?
The possible answers are:
A:The five men did not know they were wrong until the elephant moved.
B:Each man touched one part of the elephant.
C:The fifth man touched the tusk   of the elephant.
D:The elephant's ear is like a fan, so the man said the ear he touched must be a fan.Are you learning English and do you need help with grammar? Do you want to learn new vocabulary or slang  ? Well, you can find help online with these top 5 free English as a Second Language websites.
Dave's ESL Cafe
This is a complete website that can help you learn and practice English. You can read many stories and do a lot of exercises to test your self. You c an also post questions and answers onto the help center.
About.com
You can get free English courses from About.com and you'll get regular e-mails that will help you learn English.
The Classroom by Voice of America
You can watch videos and listen to news stories to improve your listening and vocabulary skills. You can also hear English words and their meanings.
Heinle's Newbury House Dictionary of American English
Do you need to find the definition of a word? Use this online dictionary to find simple and clear definitions, as well as example sentences and idioms  . You can also find different cultural facts.
Perso nal English Portal   on YouTube
You can watch this series of videos on YouTube to develop your listening skills. You can also do a search for "learn English" on YouTube to find other videos. This is a good way to practice English and have fun.
The question is: From Heinle's Newbury House Dictionary of American English, you can find  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:cultural information
B:online libraries
C:interesting news
D:many storybooksFriendship Restaurant
We have different kinds of Japanese food here. The food menu is in Japanese and Chinese. All the waiters and waitresses can speak at least one foreign language.
Tel: 312-9997
Time: 11:30 a.m.-10:00 p.m.
Volunteer Project
Maybe you want to help others but don't know how to do it. Then Volunteer Project will help you. Here you will get the best idea of volunteering.
Call 822-5566 to join it.
E-mail address:lisa@hotmail.com
Dream corner
Do you want to improve your English? Do you want to practice your English with native speakers? If yes, why not join the Dream Corner? Come here on Friday afternoon every week.
Red Bird club
Do you like dance? Do you want to show off your cool dance at parties? Join us and make your dream come true.
Closed on Tuesday.
Call 822-3331 for more information.
The Underwater World
Here you will find different kinds of fishes and even some kinds of sharks. You will feel you are in the sea but of course this is not true. If you like fishes, I suggest that you pay a visit to it.
Tel: 846-3809
Time: 9:30 a.m. - 5:00 p.m.
,.
The question is: According to the ad, you can visit the Underwater World during   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:11:30 a.m.- 10:00 p.m.
B:10:30 a.m.- 5:30 p.m.
C:9:30 a.m.- 5:00 p.m.
D:8:30 a.m.- 5:30 p.m.Robert lives in a small town. Five years ago, when he was nineteen, he finished middle school. He didn't like any subjects except playing when he was at school. Of course he learned nothing and the bosses wouldn't use a man like him. He has to stay at home, but doesn't do any housework, only watches TV or lies on bed. It makes his parents angry. They want him to study something, he always think it difficult and doesn't listen to them.
One day Robert was walking near a bookshop while some young men were talking about the writers. He heard the publishing house pays the writers a lot. He became interested in it. As soon as he got home, he began to write. But he couldn't write anything. At last he bought a book and copied a story. Then he posted it to the publishing house. He waited for nearly half a year, but didn't get any answers. He had to ask an editor on the telephone, "Have you read my story yet, sir?"
"Yes," said the editor, "I had read it before you were born! "
The question is: His parents are angry with Robert because   _   .
The possible answers are:
A:he wouldn't find any work
B:he didn't study hard before
C:he's too lazy to do any housework
D:he isn't polite to themBob was happy. He was at a new school, and the other students were friendly. "Hi, Bob!" They said. But some students said, "Hi, Peter!" Bob didn't understand. He asked another student, " Why do some students call me Peter?"
"Oh, that is easy to answer," the student said. "Peter was a student here last year. Now, he goes to a different school. You like Peter. Some students think that you are Peter."
Bob wanted to meet Peter. He got Peter's address  from a student and went to Peter's house. Peter opened the door. Bob couldn't believe his   eyes. He looked really like Peter! Bob and Peter had the same color eyes and the same smile. They had the same black hair. They also had the same birthday.
Bob and Peter found out that they were twin brothers. They both were adopted  by two different families. Soon after the boys born, one family adopted Bob, and another family adopted Peter. Bob's family never knew about Peter, and Peter's family never knew about Bob, either.
The question is: Bob didn't understand why   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:he was happy
B:he went to a new school
C:some students called him Peter
D:he was named BobLiving and dealing with kids can be a tough job these days, but living and dealing with parents can be even tougher.
If I have learned anything in my 16 years, it is that communication is very important, both when you disagree and when you get along. With any relationship, you need to let other person know how you are feeling. If you are not able to communicate, you _ .When you are mad at your parents, or anyone else, not talking to them doesn't solve anything.
Communication begins with the concerns   of another. It means that you can't just come home from school, go up to your room and take no notice to anyone. Even if you just say "Hi", and see how their day was for five minutes, it is better than nothing.
If you looked up the word "communication" in a dictionary, it would say "the exchange of ideas, the conveyance  of information, correspondence  , means of communication: a letter or a message". To keep a good relationship, you must keep communication strong. Let people know how you feel, even if it's just by writing a note.
When dealing with parents, you always have to make them feel good about how they are doing as a parent. If you are trying to make them see something as you see it, tell them that you'll listen to what they have to say, and ask them politely to listen to you. Shouting or walking away only makes the situation worse.
Here is an example: one night, Sophie went to a street party with her friends. She knew she had to be home by midnight after the fireworks, but she didn't feel she could just ask to go home. That would be rude. After all, they had been nice enough to take her along with them. Needless to say, she was late getting home. Her parents were mad at first, but when Sophie explained why she was late, they weren't as mad and let it go. Communication is the key here. If Sophie's parents had not been willing to listen, Sophie would have been in a lot of trouble.
Communication isn't a one-way matter: it goes both ways. Just remember: if you get into a situation like Sophie's, telling the other person how you feel-------listening is the key to communication.
The question is: All the following statements are correct except "  _  ".
The possible answers are:
A:Communication is a two-way matter
B:It is better to say "Hi" to others than say nothing
C:If you don't agree with others, you'd better let them know
D:When dealing with parents, you only need to listen to themThis is my schoolbag. It isn't very big but it's very nice .There is a big pencil box in my bag. There is a picture of a dog on my pencil box. There are two pens and three pencils in it.The ruler in my pencil box is very long .There is a small ball in my schoolbag. It is for my cousin Jim.
The question is: The ball is for my   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:uncle
B:aunt
C:cousin
D:friendJack's mother is ill. His father goes to New York and the boy has to look after her. He gets up early this morning, cooks breakfast for his sister and gives his mother some medicine  and water and then goes to school.
On the way to school, Jack meets Bob, one of his friends. Bob asks, "Are you late this morning, too?"
"Yes, I am."
"I'm sure Mr. Brown will be angry at us," says Bob, "We can't go to school."
"Where are we going, then?"
"To the zoo. There are many monkeys in it. We'll have a good time there."
"We can't do that," says Jack, "or we'll fall behind  our classmates. Mr. Brown is good. He wants us to be good, too."
Bob thinks Jack is right and they go to school.
The question is: What do you think of Jack after reading the story?
The possible answers are:
A:He is a good student.
B:He is a bad student.
C:He is good at cooking.
D:He is tall and strong.It was very difficult to find jobs in the northeast of England, and when John lost his job, he found it was impossible for him to get a new one.He had soon spent all his money, so he decided to go down to the south of the country.He was told that the things there were better, and that it was easier to find work.The best way to get there was by train.He went to the railway station and got into a train for the south.
He was the only passenger in his compartment  when another man came in.He was carrying a gun and said to John, "Your money or your life!"
"I haven't got a penny," John answereD.
"Then why are you shaking so much?" the man with a gun asked angrily.
"Because I thought you were the ticket-collector and I haven't even got a ticket," answered John.
The question is: It wasn't very  _  to find jobs in the northeast of England.
The possible answers are:
A:difficult
B:easy
C:simple
D:possibleFor the first time in Singapore, it's snowing. Visitors to Singapore will be amazed by the technology that brings winter to you on this tropical   island.
All visitors can have cool winter fun in Snow City, Singapore's first indoor snow center. Visitors can see and touch snow falling. Of course, it's more than just touching and feeling snow. You can enjoy exciting snow rides or skiing on snowboard. You can also build your own real snowman and have snowball fights filled with fun and learn about life in cold climates.
Snow City is about family-based fun and is suitable for all ages. Join us and step into Snow City today.
How to get there:
21Jurong Town Hall Road, Snow City Building, Singapore 609433
Tel: 63371511
Bus services: No. 66, No. 178, No.198
Price: Adults: $18; Children: $12
Opening Hours: Tuesday--Sunday: 10:30 am--6:30 pm
Notice:
No phone booking.
For updated information, please visit our website www.snowcity.com.sg.
The question is: Visitors can   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:go to Snow City on Monday
B:take a No. 66 bus to Snow City
C:book their tickets by phone
D:visit Snow City at 7:00 pmIt was late on a snowing night. Doctor Van was driving fast to the hospital to do an operation   on a badly hurt   person. Minutes later he came to a red traffic light and had to stop to wait. A man suddenly opened the door of the car and got in.
"Drive on, " shouted the man, "Just do what I've told you to. " The man was strong and tall while Doctor Van was not.
"But I'm a doctor, " Van tried to tell him what he was going to do. "I'm on my way to the hospital to save..." "Stop talking and drive faster, as fast as you can!" the man stopped Van and Van had to do so.
Only a few minutes had passed when the man made Van stop his car again and drove him off, and he himself drove away very quickly.
Van stood in the snow for a moment and then walked around to look for a taxi.
Another half an hour had passed when Van got out of the taxi and ran into the hospital. But it was too late and nothing could be done.
The man who had taken Van's car was standing by the person all the time. He was so sad! Only then did Van know that the man was the father of that badly hurt person!
The question is: Who needed an operation at once?
The possible answers are:
A:Doctor Van.
B:The man
C:Doctor Van's son.
D:The man's son.When you are learning English, listening, speaking and writing are important, but reading can also be very helpful. When you read, you can not only learn some new words, but also learn how to use these English words. When you read, it gives you a good example for writing.
Good reading tips:
Try to read at the right level  . Read something that you can (more or less) understand. If you need to stop every three words to use a dictionary, it is not interesting.
Try to increase   the number of your new words. If there are four or five new words on a page, write them in your notebook. But you don't have to write them while you read. Instead, try to guess their meanings as you read: mark   them with a pen. Then come back when you have finished reading to look them up in a dictionary and write them in your own vocabulary   book. Then try to remember them.
Try to read regularly. For example, read for a short time once a day. Fifteen minutes every day is better than two hours every Sunday. Fix   a time to read and keep to it. You could read for fifteen minutes when you go to bed, or when you get up or at lunchtime.
Read what interests you. Choose a book or a magazine about a subject that you like, because you are going to spend time and money reading it. So, choose an interesting book. You can also read newspapers. There are many English newspapers in China. For example, 21st Century Teens. It is easy enough for you to understand. There is something interesting in it.
The question is: Which of the following sentences is right?
The possible answers are:
A:Reading a lot can help you write better.
B:When you read, you can only learn some new words.
C:It is interesting for you to stop every three words to use a dictionary.
D:Try to read something that you can't understand to make your English better.News One: The first quantum communications satellite  developed by China is expected to launch  in July of this year. It means that a quantum communications network will be formed, and quantum communication between the satellite and the ground will be achieved for the first time anywhere in the world.
News Two: Shanghai Disney Resort  opened in a trial run  last week to prepare for its official opening on June 16. A one-day visit to the resort for a family of three will cost at least 2,600 yuan, which covers entrance ticket and three meals as well as shopping, while a two-day trip will cost no less than 6,000 yuan in total, which is too expensive for most visitors.
News Three: More and more people get interested in running. The number of runners is increasing, and the economics  of running is growing with it. Runners are always going to need shoes and they are always going to be looking for races. Both of these markets have just developed during the past 30 years or more.
News Four: Overweight students at Nanjing Agricultural University are having a special sports course. The more weight they lose, the higher marks they will get. The course is not for everyone, but just for the students who needs to lose weight to keep healthy. There are 3 or 4 specially designed sports classes every week and each class lasts 90 minutes.
The question is: From the passage we can learn that   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:there are fewer and fewer people interested in running
B:the economics of running develops fast, because of the growing number of runners
C:every one at Nanjing Agricultural University can enter the special sports course
D:the students having the special sports course will get higher marks if they study harderThere are many different ways to travel to Paris from London. One of the quickest and most popular ways is by train. From Waterloo Railway station, you can travel all the way to Paris. The journey takes about three hours. The train, called the Eurostar, is very modern, and the seats are comfortable.
You can also travel to France by ship. First, you go to Dover, on the coast  , by bus from London. The bus stops at the Ferry Terminal Seven in Dover. You can buy your tickets there. People who travel by car can drive on to the ferry  , too.
Another way to travel to Paris is by plane. There are several airports with international flights to Paris and other cities in France. You can travel to London Airport by bus or underground. Some people even go by taxi but this is a very expensive way to travel!
The question is: The passage mainly tells us about   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:the journey taking the train called the Eurostar
B:international flights from London to Paris
C:buses stopping at Ferry Terminal Seven in Dover
D:different ways traveling from London to ParisBetty is an American school girl. She is very happy because her parents will take her to China for a visit. They are going to fly from New York on June 30 and get to Beijing on July 1. They will stay at Lido Holiday Inn. Their Chinese friends will show them around Beijing. They are going to visit the Palace Museum, the Summer Palace, the Temple of Heaven and the Great Wall. They will also visit some Chinese homes and try some Chinese food. They will spend a week in Beijing and then go to Xi'an, Guilin and some other places for sightseeing. The whole trip will take three weeks and she is sure she will have a great time in China.
The question is: From the text we can know that they will   _   in Beijing.
The possible answers are:
A:cook Chinese food
B:speak Chinese
C:try some Chinese food
D:play gamesLook at the photo. The two girls have big blue eyes and long brown hair. They are ten. They are in the same class. The one in a yellow skirt is Lily. The other one in an orange skirt is Lucy. Bob is their   brother  . He is in a blue cap. He is a high school student. Their dad is Mr. White. He is in a brown coat. Their mom is Mrs. White. She is in black shoes. Look!Lucy and Lily are in the green car.
.
The question is: _   is in the green car.
The possible answers are:
A:Bob
B:Lily's dad
C:Lucy's mom
D:LucyMr Smith had a week's vacation, so he said,"I'm going to the seaside by train. "He put on his best clothes, took a small bag, went to the railway station and got into the train. He wore a beautiful hat, and he often put his head out of the window during the trip and looked at the beautiful scenery. Suddenly, the wind pulled his hat off.
Mr Smith quickly threw  his old bag out of the window, too. The other people in the train laughed,"Is your bag going to bring back your beautiful hat?" they asked.
"No," Mr Smith answered."But My name and address are on the bag. If someone finds both of them, he or she will send me the bag and the hat."
The question is: Mr Smith put his head our of the window to  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:see the beautiful scenery
B:say goodbye to his friends
C:throw his hat out of the widow
D:say hello to the people outsideSome Advice on Travel
1) Forget fashion ! Always wear your most comfortable clothes when going on long journeys.
2) Traveling on trains and buses can be boring, so take a good book to read.
3) If you're going somewhere cold, remember to put on your warm clothes!
4) If you are going somewhere sunny, remember to bring your sun-block  and sun glasses.
5) Always take a camera with you to _ those special moments.
6) Be careful with your things whenever you go to a busy place, like a train station. There are many thieves there!
7) Most countries have lower prices for students, so if you are a student, take your student card with you.
8) Always leave room in your bag for buying presents on the way home.
9) Bus tours often stop at expensive shops along the way, save your money by buying presents at local shops.
10) If you travel abroad, remember to take your passport. Whatever you do, don't lose it!
The question is: According to the passage,   _   is a good way to keep away from boredom  while you're on a train or a bus.
The possible answers are:
A:taking a camera
B:reading a good book
C:listening to music
D:sleeping for some timeEverybody needs water. Everything needs water. We use water to wash the bowls , clothes and ourselves. We use water to plant trees, flowers and crops . Where does all water come from? It comes from clouds.
Some of rain goes into the ground. Many people get it under the ground. Some rain water goes into the hills. It runs into lakes and rivers. Many people get it there.
,.
The question is: All water comes from   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:water
B:earth
C:clouds
D:lakeMy name is Nick. I have four new good friends. They are Dick, Helen, Jack and Amy.
Now, they're in the garden. Dick and Jack are boys. Dick is tall and strong. Jack is tall but he's not strong. He is thin. Helen and Amy are girls. They're twins. They are short and slim. Dick is thirteen. Helen is thirteen too. They're in the same class. Jack is in Class4. His shoes are black and his T-shirt is white.
The question is: Who is tall and thin?
The possible answers are:
A:Helen
B:Dick
C:Jack
D:NickWhen I was in primary school, I got into a big argument   with a boy in my class. I forgot what the argument was about, but I will never forget the lesson I learned that day.
I thought that I was right and he was wrong - and he thought that I was wrong and he was right. The teacher decided to teach us a very important lesson.
In the middle of her desk was a large, round ball. I could clearly see that it was black. She asked the boy what color the ball was. "White," he answered.uShe brought us to the front of the class and asked him to stand on one side of her desk and me on the other.
I couldn't believe he said the ball was white, when it was obviously   black! Another argument started between us, this time about the color of the ball.
The teacher told us to change places and then asked me what color the ball was. I answered: "White."
It was a ball with two differently colored sides, and from his side it was white. Only from my side it was black.
Sometimes we need to look at problems from the other person's view in order to truly understand his or her perspective  .
The question is: What lesson can we learn from the story?
The possible answers are:
A:Put yourself into others' shoes.
B:Seeing is not always believing.
C:Nobody can always be right.
D:Different people have different opinions.The mystery stories of Sir Arthur Conan Doyle are famous all over the world.
The detective in his stories is called Sherlock Holmes. He solves mysteries in a most surprising way. His assistant, Dr Watson, watches with admiration and then writes up the story of the mystery afterwards.
This is a useful story writing skill. Because Watson is not very clever, the story remains a mystery until the end. The readers can sometimes pick up some clues before he does! Then, to make Watson understand the mystery, Holmes has to explain it all, step by step. So we, the readers, get to see it step by step too. Watson is almost as good a character in the story as Sherlock Holmes!
The very first time they meet, Holmes greatly surprises Watson. When they are first introduced, Holmes says to Watson, 'How do you do? I see you have been to Afghanistan .'
Watson is too amazed by this to ask Holmes how he knows this. Watson has, indeed, been to Afghanistan. Later, he asks Holmes about it. Holmes explains that there is nothing magical about what he does. He gets to know it all by very, very careful observation .
Observation One
Watson was introduced to Holmes as a doctor. Yet Holmes thought that the way he stood and walked made him seem like a soldier. So, this meant he was probably an army doctor.
Observation Two
Watson's face was quite dark skinned. But his wrists were pale. So his dark face was probably sun burnt. This meant that he had been to a hot, sunny country.
Observation Three
At the time, the British army had soldiers at bases in many parts of the world. So there were still a lot of places to choose from. However, Holmes saw that Watson looked very tired and he was always holding his left arm, as if it was painful. So, he had probably been with the army to a place where they were fighting. There was only one place where the British army was fighting at that time: Afghanistan.
The question is: The writer most probably created the character, Dr Watson, to   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:give Holmes help when solving mysteries
B:show Holmes' careful observation
C:help readers pick up some clues about the mystery
D:get readers to see the mystery step by stepHave you ever heard of Back-to-Front Day? It is a festival in Britain. On that day, the adults have to go to school. And the children? They are the policemen and firemen; they sit in the offices and call New York and Paris; they are doctors and nurses.
"Stand in the corner, Mr. Bass!" said Mary. Mary was six and had a class of twenty-three men and fifteen women. They were making too much noise.
John was a policeman. Though his uniform was too big, he walked down the street with pride. "Hm, why are you not at school?" "Oh, I ... I have something important to do," said the man.   "Fiddlesticks  !" said John angrily. He took out his notebook. "Name?" he asked. "Mr. Green." John wrote it down and blew his whistle   and a police car appeared. "I have a _ here," said John. "Drive him to school!"
At the hospital a small doctor climbed on one chair in order to examine   Mrs. Brown's throat, and Nurse Jenny took Granny Lisa's temperature.
The best part of Back-to-Front Day is in the evening. The children put the adults to bed, very early. They tell them a story, too -- after the adults wash their faces and brush their teeth.
How interesting Back-to-Front Day is!
The question is: The adults have to   _   on Back-to-Front Day.
The possible answers are:
A:look after their children well
B:work in many different fields
C:go to school
D:work harderOnce upon a time, a young man was standing in the middle of the town announcing that he had the most beautiful heart in the world. A large crowd gathered, and they al praised his heart for it was perfect.
Suddenly, an old man appeared and said, "Why ,your heart is not as beautiful as mine."
The old man's heart was ful of scars . Some pieces of his heart were removed and some pieces from other people were put in, but they didn't fit quite right. So there were several jagged edges. In fact, there were stil some holes in his heart where the pieces were missing.
The  young  man  laughed,"Comparing yours with mine, mine is perfect and yours is a mess."
"Yes,"said the old man. "But, every scar shows that I took out a piece of my heart and gave it to a person, and often he gave me a piece of his heart in return."
"Why do you have some jagged edges in your heart?"asked the young man."Because the shapes of the pieces weren't the same.""Then the holes?""Sometimes I gave pieces of my heart away, and the other person hasn't given back a piece of his, so ... but I don't care.""How come?""They remind me of the love we shared."
The young man was deeply moved. He walked up to the old man, took a piece of his heart out and gave it to the old man.
The old man placed it in his heart, then took a piece from his old scarred heart and placed it in the wound in the young man's heart. It fitted, but not perfectly, as there were some jagged edges.
The young man looked at his heart, not perfect any more but more beautiful than ever.
How sad it must be to go through  life  with  a  whole untouched heart!
The question is: The young man stood in the town to   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:meet the old man
B:compare his heart with others'
C:show his beautiful heart
D:give pieces of his heart to othersAmy is short-sighted, so she wears glasses. But she doesn't wears glasses when she is with her fried, Jack. When Jack comes to her house to take her out, she takes her glasses off. When she gets bake ,she puts on the glasses.
One day, Amy's mother asks her ,"Why don't you wear your glasses when you are with Jack? He takes you to see many ;lovely places in his car, but you can't see anything clearly."Amy says, "He thinks I look more lovely when I'm not wearing my glasses and I think he looks better, too."
The question is: When Amy gets back, she  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:puts on her glasses
B:has a rest
C:helps to do the housework
D:takes off her glassesEvery year thousands of people get hurt or die when they are crossing the road. Most of these people are old people and children. Old people often get hurt or die because they can't see or hear very well. Children usually meet with accidents because of their carelessness. They forgot to look and listen before they cross the road.
How can we lessen  traffic accidents? All of us must obey the traffic rules. For the drivers, they shouldn't drive too fast. If they drive too fast, it will be very difficult to stop the cars in a very short time. For the pedestrians , it's very important to be careful when they are walking on the road. Therefore, when we walk across the road, we must try to walk along the pavements. We must stop and look both ways before crossing the road. Look left first, next look right, then look left again. Only when we are sure that the road is clear, we can cross it. The right way to cross the road is to walk quickly. It's not safe to run. If people run across the road, they may fall down. Teenagers should try to help children, old people or blind people to cross the road, and never play in the street.
,,.
The question is: Which can be TRUE according to this passage?
The possible answers are:
A:Children often get hurt or die because they can't see or hear very well.
B:Most of old people and children get hurt or die when they are crossing the road.
C:If they drive too fast, it will be very easy to stop the cars in a very short time.
D:It's safe for people to run across.Hi, my name is Han Meimei. I'm in the Photography   Club at school, because I like taking photos. Next Sunday, the club will have an activity. In the morning, we are going to meet at Guangming Bridge at 8:30 am. It is in the middle of the city. It is near my home so I will go there on foot. The scenery   along the bridge is fantastic, so we will take photos there. We are going to spend two hours doing that. After having lunch together, we are going to the clothing show. There will be many beautiful clothes. There will be some famous designers , too. I'm looking forward to taking photos with them. And I hope some of them can write their names in my notebook.
The question is: When will Han Meimei leave Guangming Bridge?
The possible answers are:
A:At 8:30 am, this Sunday.
B:At 8:30 am, next Sunday.
C:At 10:30 am, this Sunday.
D:At 10:30 am, next Sunday.Wade is my good friend. We study at the same school. At weekends he usually turns on his computer. He sends and gets e-mails to and from his friends back in France. He also gets on the Internet to learn about what is going on in the world. His parents sometimes take him to some places of interest in China. Sometimes I ask him to come over to my home for a weekend. My parents say that they can't understand what we talk about because there are two languages in our talks--Chinese and English. My mother sometimes says to him,"Can you talk to my son in Chinese only,Wade?" He always smiles and answers, "Not today. I'm going to speak good Chinese very soon." He is not good at Chinese and I am weak at English. But we like these talks because we can learn when we are talking.
The question is: At weekends Wade sometimes    _   .
The possible answers are:
A:takes his parents to visit cities
B:practice speaking Chinese
C:goes to see his friends
D:reads the world news.After the killer earthquake hit Sichuan Province on May 12, 2008, love and charity  began spreading through China from all over the world. Rebuilding after the quake begins now, and it will last long into the future. First of all, the most important thing is to help the people in the disaster area take care of their mental  health.
Here are Professor Le's suggestions:
Dos: Do have enough sleep every day.
Do stay with your family and friends.
Do treat yourself to healthy food.
Don'ts: Don't hide your feelings.
Don't feel shy to talk to others how you feel. Try to get them to understand you and they can help you.
Don't run away when your relatives talk about their experience during the earthquake.
Don't force yourself and your family to forget the disaster.
But how long will it take to recover psychologically  from the earthquake? "It depends on the person's character. They have to help themselves, which is more efficient  than passively receiving comfort and sympathy  from others," said Professor Le, a member of the Chinese Psychological Society.
The question is: What's the main idea of Professor Le, a member of the Chinese Psychological Society?
The possible answers are:
A:Helping themselves on mental health is more efficient than depending on others.
B:Recovering from the earthquake mainly depends on others.
C:Don't talk to your friends when you are in bad mood.
D:You needn't protect people from danger.I live with my grandmother in a Beijing yard house. One day last year, I was surprised to see a big foreigner coming out of the house next door to ours. He was very tall with short brown hair and a pair of glasses.
The first time I saw him, I was too shy to speak to him. "My English is too poor!" I thought. My grandmother told me that he had just moved into our yard. "I don't like it!" she said. "Foreigners aren't like us. Maybe he'll play loud music and parties every night! I'm sure he's going to cause trouble."
Several days later, I met the foreigner as I was walking home after work. "Hello!" he said (in Chinese!). "My name's Tony. I've just moved into the house next door to yours." While I was wondering what to say, he continued, "There's a nice bar down the road. Why don't you and your family come and have dinner with me?" "Bars are bad places," said my grandmother when I told her, but we decided to go.
The bar was not at all what I had expected. It was in a beautiful little yard house, with several large bookshelves and pictures of Tibet on the walls. Several Chinese people and foreigners were sitting drinking or reading books. I noticed that some of the foreigners were speaking Chinese in a low voice to each other! "Oh, what a civilized place!" my grandmother exclaimed.
The bar served special "hutong pizzas". As we ate, Tony told us about himself-he is an English expert in environment. He always likes to be quiet. My grandmother said to me, "He really seems like a very nice young man."
The question is: When the writer first saw the foreigners, she  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:was frightened to him
B:wanted to practice English with him
C:felt too shy to speak to him
D:hoped to invite the foreigner to the barMany people take trains for their trips in China, because the train is fast and cheap. But there are many problems when people take trains. It's not easy to take trains when it is a festival. Lots of people hope someone can solve   the problems.
Then, the CRH   trains come out. The first CRH train from Beijing to Tianjin runs in August, 2008. CRH1 and CRH2 can go up to 200 km/h, and CRH3 can run 300 km/h. Taking CRH trains is more expensive than taking a traditional train, but cheaper than taking a plane. Some people think the CRH trains and their workers are good, and they enjoy the trips by CRH train.
China starts to make a CRH train, 350 kilometres an hour from Beijing to Shanghai. It can save people more time than taking the traditional trains.
Can CRH trains solve the problems? "Of course not. There is still a long way to go," about 80% of the people answer.
The question is: How fast does the CRH train from Beijing to Shanghai?
The possible answers are:
A:100 km/h
B:200 km/h
C:300 km/h
D:350 km/hLinda and David have traveled by air from London to Sydney, Australia. Linda has promised her mother that she will ring her to let her know that they have arrived safely. This is something she had done ever since she was a child. David thinks it is not a good idea to ring so far, to spend too much, and to say so little.
"If there were an accident. " He says, 'they'd know soon enough. Bad news travels fast. "
But Linda has promised that she would ring. "However," she says, "'it doesn't cost much when you just think that it's the other side of the world. It's only six pence per second  . "
"If you're on that telephone for less than one minute, I'll eat my hat,' David says, "And one minute's nearly four pounds. "
"That's no more than you'd pay for a new hat," ''Linda answers.
She has asked the man at the hotel desk to get her the number. The telephone rings. Linda picks it up.
"Hello, Mum. Is that you ?" She says.
"Six pence per second," David reminds  her.
"Hello, love. " It is Mrs Lee, Linda's mother, speaking from London. "I can hear you very clearly just like you are in the next room. It's a better line than when you called me from your office. Do you remember? I shouted at that time, and still you couldn't hear me sometimes. "
"Yes, Mum. "Linda puts in. . "I just wanted to ring to ....... "
"I remember how you rang when you went to Betty's house to eat, when you were a little girl. And then when you ..." Mrs Lee is a great talker
"Nearly four pounds. " says David.
Linda tries to tell her mother that it is time to say goodbye.
"Yes, all right, "says Mrs Lee," But you will write, won't you, as you did when you were at work ..."
Once again, Mrs Lee talks about the pass. and there is no stopping her.
"Four pounds fifty, 'says David.
At last, Linda cuts her mother short, promises to write, and rings off.
"There! That wasn't long, was it ?"
"Four pounds, ninety pence." David answers. "And you didn't even say that we've arrived."
The question is: David says, 'Nearly four pounds', because   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:he wants to remind Linda of the cost of the cost of the call
B:he wants to buy himself a new hat
C:Linda has not told her mother they have arrived
D:he wants Mrs Lee to know how much the call costsMr and Mrs Smith had always spent their summer holidays in New Jersey ( ) in the past, staying in a small inn at the foot of the hill.
One year, however, Mr Smith made a lot of money in his business, so they decided to go to London and stay at a really good hotel while they went touring around the famous city.
They flew to London and arrived at their hotel late one evening. They had expected that they would have to go to bed hungry, because in that small inn in New Jersey, no meals were served after seven. They were surprised when the waiter asked whether they would take dinner there that night. " Are you still serving dinner?" asked Mr Smith. " Yes, certainly, sir," answered the waiter. " We serve it until half past nine."
" What are the time of the meals then?" asked Mr Smith. " Well, sir, We serve breakfast from seven to half past eleven in the morning, lunch from twelve to three in the afternoon, tea from four to five, and dinner from six to half past nine." answered the waiter.
" But that hardly leaves any time for us to see the sights of London." said Mr Smith.
The question is: They went to London by  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:sea
B:plane
C:train
D:busA rabbit is running into its hole. You may ask, "What happened?"
Well, when a rabbit sees something dangerous, it runs away. Its tail moves up and down as it runs. When other rabbits see this tail moving up and down, they run too. They know that there is danger. The rabbit has told them something without making a sound. It has given them a signal.
Many other animals use this kind of language. When a bee found some food, it goes back to his home. It cannot tell the other bees where the food is by speaking to them, but it does a little dance in the air. This tells the bees where the food is.
Some animals say things by making sounds. A dog barks, for example, when a stranger
comes near. A cat purrs  when pleased. Some birds make several different sounds, each with its own meaning.
But human beings have something that no animals have --- a large number of words about things, actions, feelings or ideas. We are able to give each other information, to tell or inform other people what is in our mind or how we feel. By writing words down we can remind ourselves of the things what have happened, or send messages to people far away. No animals can do this. No animals has the wonderful power of language.
No one knows how man learned to make words. Somehow he learned to make them. As centuries went by, he made more and more new words. This is what we mean by language.  People living in different countries made different kinds of words. Today there are about fifteen hundred different languages in the world. A very large English dictionary, for example,  contains four or five hundred thousand words. But we do not know all these. The words we know are called vocabulary. We should try to make our vocabulary larger. Read as many books as possible. When we meet a new word, look it up in the dictionary. A dictionary is the Most useful book.
The question is: A dog can  tell something   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:by giving signals
B:by making different sounds
C:by purring
D:by barkingAn old porter   had worked for the railway for a very long time. One morning he was standing in one of the big railway stations and waiting for travelers to ask him to help them with their luggage, when he saw a small man running toward the trains with a big bag in his hand.
The porter watched the man for a few seconds, and the man saw the porter.
At once the small man ran up the porter and said, "Can I catch the 10:35 train to London, porter?" He was breathing very fast, and he seemed worried.
The old porter looked at him for a moment and then said with a smile, "Well, sir, I'd like to help you, but I can't answer your question because I don't know how fast you can run along rails. You see," he explained, "the 10:35 train to London left five minutes ago."
The question is: The small man looked worried, because   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:he couldn't run so fast as the train
B:he wondered if he could catch the 10:35 train to London
C:the porter watched him for a few seconds
D:he lost his bagScientists who study the climate are still arguing about how fast the earth is warming and how much it will warm, but they do agree that the earth is warming and that it will keep warming if we don't do anything about it.
Scientists agree that the burning of fossil fuels   like oil and coal cause greenhouse gases to escape into the air and that these gases are causing most of the warming. Another cause is deforestation (cutting down trees) . Trees _ carbon dioxide, one of the greenhouse gases, from the air.
There are already some changes happening because of global warming. Sea level is rising and some animals are already moving to new homes. It's already too late to stop global warming completely.
If the warming gets worse, as scientists expect, there may be some kinds of plants and animals that is disappearing because they can't move to new homes. There may be more storms and floods. Sea level may rise so much that people have to move away from the coasts. Some areas may become too dry for farming.
Global warming is a very difficult problem to fix. People are having a hard time agreeing on what to do about it. For example, everyone agrees that wasting energy is a bad thing to do. But some people think that the federal government   should make laws about it, while other people think it should be up to each person or business to decide what to do.
Many states and businesses in the United States are not waiting until the federal government decides what to do. They have already started working on the problem.
The question is: What is the best title of this passage?
The possible answers are:
A:The reason for global warming
B:How to stop global warming
C:The changes to the world
D:The global warmingThis is the twin's bedroom. The two beds looks the same . This bed is Wang Lei's. It is near the window. That one is Wang Fang's. It's behind the door. The twins have one desk and two chairs. Their clock, books and pencils are on the desk. Their schoolbags are on the chairs. Wang Lei's shirt is on his bed. On Wang Fang's bed there is her skirt. It's yellow. The room isn't big, but nice.
The question is: Wang Lei and Wang Fang are  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:friends
B:brother and sister
C:sisters
D:brothersMany teenagers feel that the most important people in their lives are their friends. They believe that their family members don't know them as well as their friends do. In large families, it is quite often for brothers and sisters to fight with each other and then they will go to their friends for some ideas.
It is very important for teenagers to have one good friend or a group of friends. Even when they are not with their friends, they usually spend a lot of time talking to them on the phone. This communication is very important in children's growing up, because friends can discuss special things. These things are difficult to say to their family members.
However, parents often try to choose friends for their children. Some parents may even stop their children from meeting their friends. Have you ever thought of the following questions?
Who choose your friends?
Do you choose your friends or your friends choose you?
Have you got a good friend your parents don't like?
Your answers are welcome?
The question is: When teenagers have something difficult to say, they usually  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:stay alone at home
B:fight with their parents
C:discuss it with their friends
D:go to their brothers or sisters for helpWe can see waste everywhere in the school. Some students ask for more food than they can eat and others often forget to turn off the lights when they leave the classroom. They say they can afford these things. But I don't agree with them.
Waste can bring a lot of problems. Although China is rich in some resources , we are short of others, for example, fresh water. It is reported that we will have no coal  or oil to use in 100 years. So if we go on wasting our resources, what can we use in the future and where can we move? Think about it. I think we should say no to the students who waste things every day. Everybody should stop wasting as soon as possible.
In our everyday life, we can do many things to prevent waste from happening, for example, turn off the water taps when we finish washing, turn off the lights when we leave the classroom, try not to order more food than we need and so on. Little by little, we will change everything. We can stop waste one day, if we do our best.
The question is: Which is the best title of this passage?
The possible answers are:
A:Stop Wasting
B:School life
C:Waste in the School
D:Rich Resources in ChinaAlthough I am not in my childhood. I still prefer reading fairy tales. They often make me think of some special experiences and feelings. This summer I have received this kind of tales ,The Little Prince .It was
Published in 1940 .It is the world-famous fairy tale by the Frenc h author Antoine.
I ,the narrator   of the story ,is a pilot . His plane has something wrong and lands in the Sahara . The little prince lives on a small planet ,and he grows a flower called ROSE there . One day they have a quarrel   ,so the little prince runs away . On his all alone journey, he meets different kinds of people . From these people he gets a conclusion   that grow-ups are strange . And with the help of the man he meets , he descends in the Sahara .
The book moved me a lot . It is not only a fairy tale for children and teenagers, but also for grow-ups .
,.
The question is: The writer of The Little Pri nce is from   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:France
B:China
C:Canada
D:AmericaWhen I was a child, I often dreamed of the time when I could leave home and escape to the city. We lived on a farm and, in the winter especially, we were quite cut off from the outside world. As soon as I left school, I packed my bags and moved to the capital. However, I soon discovered that city life has its problems too.
One big disadvantage is money---it costs so much to go out, not to mention basics like food and housing. Another disadvantage is pollution. I suffer from asthma , and at times the air is so bad that I am afraid to go outside. Then there is the problem of travelling round. Although I have a car, I seldom use it because of the traffic jams. One choice is to go by bicycle, but that can be quite dangerous.
Of course there are advantages. First, there is so much to do in the city, whatever your tastes in culture or entertainment. Besides, there are wonderful jobs and greater chances of moving to a more important job or position. Finally, if you like shopping, the variety of goods is very surprising---and, what is more, shops are often only a short walk away.
Is life better then, in the city? Perhaps it is, when you are in your teens  or twenties. However, as you get older, and especially if you have small children, the peace of the countryside may seem better. I certainly hope to move back there soon.
The question is: What was the writer always thinking about when he was a child?21*cnjy*com
The possible answers are:
A:Staying on the farm
B:Moving to the countryside
C:Leaving home for the city
D:Running away from the schoolChina Youth says that more and more girl students have entered colleges to study in recent few years. As we know, once the number of boys was larger than that of girls, and the boys did much better than girls in our country for a long time. Now things have changed a lot.
In recent years, the proportion of girl students is growing fast. In 1998, about 39.7% of college students were girls. In 2000, it was 41.07% and in 2001, the number was 42.14%.
There are several reasons for this.
Firstly, there is little difference between boys and girls in their intelligence . That's to say, girls are as clever as boys. And boys have more interests than girls, so they may not do well in their study.
Secondly, girls are more careful and more sensible than boys. They work harder at school and they do better in all exams.
Another reason is that with the development of society, people pay more and more attention to girls' education.
The question is: 42.14% refers to the number of   _
The possible answers are:
A:girls at schools at schools in 1998
B:girls in colleges in 2001
C:boys at schools in 2001
D:boys in colleges in 1998Dear Sammy,
I'm sorry I can't go to the Sports Center with you today.I have to see a doctor. Here are the directions   to the Sports Center.
From our house, go right ahead on Main Avenue. Walk past the police station and the City Fountain. Then cross the bridge. At the other side of the river, turn right. The Sports Center is on your left. You can't miss it. The basketball game starts at 1:00 p.m. so don't be late. By the way, let's have some ice-cream after you finish playing. We can meet at Choco's Ice-Cream Shop. It's right around the corner from the Sports Center. Your game should be over at 3:00 p.m. so I'll meet you there 10 minutes later.
Have fun!
Mom
The question is: When will Sammy and his mother meet in the afternoon?
The possible answers are:
A:At 3:00.
B:At 1:00
C:At 3:10 .
D:At 1:10.Mike is a factory worker. He is often very tired after a day's work. His wife, Jenny, has no job, so she stays at home to cook the meals. Every day he can have his dinner when he gets home from his factory.
One day, Mike came home very late because he was very busy in the factory. He was very hungry when he got home.
He was not happy when he found his dinner was not ready. He was very angry with his wife. He shouted at her, "I'm going out to eat in a restaurant." "Wait for five minutes," said his wife. "Why? Do you think that dinner will be ready in five minutes?" asked Mike.
"Of course not," she answered. "But I can be ready to go with you in five minutes."
The question is: Which sentence is correct?
The possible answers are:
A:Jenny could have dinner ready in five minutes.
B:Jenny wanted to go to the restaurant with her husband.
C:Jenny didn't like the dinner at home.
D:Jenny didn't love her husband.It is Sunday afternoon. Mary goes to do the shopping with her mother. Her mother wants to buy some food for supper. Mary wants to buy a new skirt and some school things. They come to a shop.
"What does your shop sell?" Mary asks, "A lot of things." The girl in the shop says. "You can buy food, drinks, clothes in our shop and school things, too."
Mary and her mother go in. There are many people in the shop. Mary looks at a nice white skirt.
"How much is the skirt?" Mary asks the girl in the shop.
"It's eighty yuan."
"That's too dear."
"What about the green one? It looks nice. And it's only thirty yuan."
"OK, thanks a lot."
"You are welcome."
After that, Mary buys some school things, too. Here mother buys a lot of food, like bread, cakes, meat and fish. They get home very late.
The question is: The green skirt is   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:nice and cheap
B:nice but dear
C:not nice but cheap
D:not nice or cheapOne day Mrs. Wilson went shopping with Tracy and Ben. They went to the supermarket in the new shopping center." Why do you buy things here?" Tracy wanted to know. "Because they are cheaper here than at the corner store near our home," Mrs. Wilson said." Help me check the prices, please." The Wilsons were not rich and Mrs. Wilson was always careful with her money. She looked carefully after the prices of things. She bought lots of things in the supermarket. When they got home, the children said," We don't think you saved money by going to the supermarket." "Of course I did," Mrs. Wilson said. " Everything was cheaper there." "We know," the children said," but we came home by taxi because we had too much to carry. The taxi fare was more than the money that you save! " Mrs. Wilson added everything up. Her children were right.
The question is: From the passage we know the children were   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:happy
B:clever
C:tired
D:lazyLester was walking in the street with two huge and heavy suitcases . A stranger walked up to him and asked ,"Have you got the time ?"
Lester stopped , put down the suitcases and looked at his watch ."It' s five fifteen ,"he said .
"Hey , what a nice watch !"said the stranger .
Lester smiled a little and said ,"Yes , it' s not bad . Look at this ."Then he showed the stranger a time display for the 86 largest cities in the world .
He hit a few buttons and a voice told the time in Chinese . Lester continued ,"Its voice can be set for different languages ."
The stranger seemed very interested in the watch .
"That' s not all ,"said Lester . He then pushed a few more buttons and a small map appeared on the watch ."The map can show where we are ,"explained Lester .
"I want to buy this watch !"said the stranger .
"Oh , no , I' m not selling it . I have spent nearly two years making it ,"said Lester .
"I' ll give you $ 1,000 for it !"
"Oh , no , I' ve already spent more than that ."
"I' ll give you $ 5,000 for it !"
Lester stopped to think . The stranger quickly gave him a check and said ,"$ 5,000 . Here it is ."
Lester finally agreed to sell the watch . When the stranger was going to leave with the watch , Lester pointed to the two huge suitcases and said ,"Hey , wait a minute . Don' t forget your batteries ."
The question is: Which of the following is NOT true about the watch ?
The possible answers are:
A:It can tell the time in different languages .
B:It can tell you where you are .
C:It is easy to wear and carry .
D:It can show a time display for many large cities around the world .Mr. Evens works in Sydney. Last week he had a two weeks' holiday, but he didn't know where to go. He said to his friend Robert, "I hate the hot weather here, but I can't find a cool place in Australia. How will I take my holiday?"
"That's easy," said Robert. "You'd better go to Moscow. Snow and ice are covering the ground now."
Mr. Evens agreed with his friend. He bought an air ticket and soon arrived in Moscow. He made a happy journey  there. But one day He got into trouble. After lunch he went to a park outside the city. He saw a dog following him while he was walking past a house. It was hungry and wished him to give it some food to eat. Bad luck! He had no piece of bread or cake in his pockets. He tried to send it away, but it began to bark at him. He wanted to look for a stick but couldn't find anything except snow and ice. Suddenly he saw a stone in the ground. He tried to pick it up but he failed.
"How strange Russians  are!" Mr. Evens said to himself. "They do not tie their dogs, but firmly  tie the ground!"
The question is: Mr. Evens couldn't find a stick because   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:there weren't any trees in Moscow in winter
B:the ground was covered with snow and ice
C:the Russians had taken all the sticks home
D:the Russians didn't tell him about itA Chinese tourist has died in Hong Kong a day after being beaten up during a so-called "forced shopping" tour. Businessmen try to make money by forcing tourists to buy goods at some stores. Police said the dead, 54, tried to quiet a tourist and a tour guide after the tourist decided not to buy anything at a shop. At least four people have been arrested. The dead, from north-east China, was found lying cold outside the shop in Kowloon on Monday morning. He tried to make peace in a fight between two women -- believed to be the tour leader and one of the tourists, but a group of men pulled them onto the street and beat them, police said. The two women, aged 32 and 53, have been arrested, along with two men, one a 44-year-old Hong Kong and the other a 32-year-old mainlander. Police say they are still searching for two other suspects.
On the mainland the man's death cause a boycott  of travel to Hong Kong. The HongKong local people hate mainlanders because they think mainlanders push up prices. They say mainlanders are always eating on the underground and making loud noises. China's National Tourism Administration  has asked Hong Kong to protect mainland tourists' rights.
The question is: When did the tourist die?
The possible answers are:
A:On Monday morning.
B:On Tuesday.
C:On Sunday.
D:On Monday evening.Many children love to play with snow in winter. But Long Chuan has come to hate it.
This year his hometown suffered from snowstorms   for nearly a month. The heavy snow stopped cars and trains, broke the electricity   tower and turned tap water to ice.
Every day Long Chuan had to walk several kilometers to carry drinking water. "I couldn't ride a bike and it took me 3 hours to walk to school. I can't remember how many times I slipped   on the hard ice, " said Long Chuan.
Long is not alone. This year millions of people in central and southern China had a freezing winter without enough water and electricity. The biggest snowstorms in 50 years killed more than 100 people. They also cost the country 111.1 billion yuan.
Experts   say a special type of climate condition  , La Nina, caused the storms. During a La Nina, the water in the Pacific Ocean   near the equator   becomes colder than usual. It changes the weather around the world.
Besides China, Canada, the US and Middle Eastern countries also met with heavy snowstorms this winter. The special climate caused the recent flooding   in Australia, too.
However, experts say that people have destroyed the environment  . Global warming   may be causing these terrible weather events to happen more and more often.
The question is: What took place in Long Chuan's hometown last winter?
The possible answers are:
A:Earthquake.
B:Flooding.
C:Traffic Accident.
D:Heavy snowstorms.Hi,I'm Mimi. I'm four years old. I enjoy listening to music very much. I can sing and dance. This is a photo of me at my birthday party. I look very cool because it is my birthday today.It is favorite day of this year.I get up early and I'm ready for my birthday party.I have a lot of animal friends .iIcall them to my home on the phone. Then I take a bus to go shopping. I buy some food ,friut and drinks in the super market.At 7:0p.m,the party begins.All my friend asks me to sing some songs for them .I'm shy in front of them but I feel happy.Look! I'm playing guitar.They are listening tomy songs They clap their hands from time to time.at last ,all my friends walk to me and sing." Happy birthday" to me.How happy my birthday is !And my friends have a good time .
The question is: How does he go shopping?
The possible answers are:
A:By bus
B:By taxi
C:By train
D:By bikeWe can see them every day, on every street corner, on every construction site   in cities. They work day and night in the terrible working conditions and weather. They build the roads, the theaters, the cinemas, and the supermarkets. They're China's _ .
More than 140 million workers have left their homes to look for job in cities. They hope to be rich, but they realize they have many problems making money. And one of the problems is the pride and discrimination   from the people in cities.
When night falls, I can see the sad faces of the migrant workers everywhere. You can see them playing cards along the streets. Many are living far away from where they are.
I can sometimes feel their pain, knowing exactly what it feels like to live so far away from home in a city where I walk a different walk and talk a different talk.
Yes, they dress differently and speak differently. Different habits, but they work hard. The people in cities regard them as outsiders, and most governments refuse to give them medical care and public schooling for their children.
So many things need to be changed. The first is discrimination! They may not make as much money as some people in cities, they may not have everything we have, but they are honest. They are very important and necessary to China's economic development and have become an important force for the change of Chinese society. They're building the new China. So we should help them with our hands.
The question is: What does the report mainly tell us?
The possible answers are:
A:Though migrant workers work hard, their condition is bad.
B:The condition of the migrant workers needs to be changed.
C:The people in cities aren't polite to the migrant workers.
D:China's development only depends on the migrant workers.Welcome to the zoo,everyone!Here is our plan.Listen carefully.First we will visit the Children's Zoo.After that,we will walk to Bird World.Next is the African Area.There are elephants and lions!Don't be afraid.The cages are safe.
Then,we will have lunch.Everybody brought their lunch,right?Some of you don't have drinks.That's all right.There are many places to buy drinks.
After lunch,we will go to the Asian Area.Last,there is the Butterfly Park.Then,we will come back here and get on the bus.Remember,don't feed the animals.OK,let's have some fun!
The question is: People at the zoo should not  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:visit the Butterfly Park
B:look at the lions
C:give food to the elephants
D:bring their lunchMy name is David. I'm 23and I'm a middle school teacher. I go to the school at 7:30 in the morning. I like sports. I play basketball every day.
My name is Jake Smith. I'm in China with my kids . I have a daughter and a son. My daughter Lisa is in Huangzhou Middle School. She likes yellow and white. My son Eric is only 6, but he can play ping--pong.
I'm Mary. I'm 10. My brother Nick is 11. He likes to play tennis after school. I have a nice room. It is tidy. But my brother's room is not the same. His books are always everywhere.
The question is: Which is TRUE ?
The possible answers are:
A:Mary and Nick have the same room.
B:David, Jake and Mary are all in China now.
C:Lisa is in Huangzhou Middle School.
D:Eric goes to school at 7:30 with her sister.Dear editor,
My English teacher is very strict with us. Several days ago, when we were in class, Tom asked me a question. But my English teacher thought we were speaking in class. She asked us to stand at the back of the classroom for a few minutes. This made me unfair. After that, I feel nervous in her class, so I don't like her class. However, I really want to learn English well. What should I do?
Yours,
Mike
Dear Mike,
I am sorry you are having difficulty with your English class. Every teacher wants his or her students to study hard. So I think you should have a talk with your English teacher and tell her what you were doing with Tom that day. If she knows your worries, maybe she will help you with your English. And she will be pleased to hear you want to learn English well. Of course, you should know that what your teacher did was good for you. When you are not trying as hard as you can, she has to stop it and try to help you. Wish you have a better life!
Yours,
Editor
The question is: Which of the following sentences is TRUE according to  the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:Mike dislikes English classes, but he wants to learn English well.
B:Mike wants the editor to tell his English teacher the truth.
C:The editor gave Mike some advice, but it didn't work.
D:The teacher hates Mike much more than before.An eighty-year-old couple were having trouble with their memories . One day, they decided to see a doctor. The doctor told him that there was nothing serious, but he suggested that they should start writing things down to help them remember things. The couple thanked the doctor and left.
Later that night while watching TV, the old man got up from his chair and his wife asked, "Where are you going?"   "To the kitchen."he said.
"Will you get me an ice-cream?" asked the wife.
"Sure."
Then his wife asked him to write it down.
"No, I can remember that," replied the husband.
"Well, I also want some strawberries and cream on top. You'd better write it down, or you will forget that," said the wife.
"No, I can remember that," the husband got a little unhappy and went into the kitchen.
After about 20 minutes, the husband returned with a plate of fish. The wife laughed, "Haha! Your bad memory! I wanted some bread with cream."
The question is: Which sentence is right?
The possible answers are:
A:The couple often forgot things.
B:Only the husband had a bad memory .
C:The couple were ill.
D:The doctor also had a bad memoryFor many years scientists have said that the earth is getting warmer. Now they have found something new-hot cities! In the southern US, they have found that cities become very hot in summer. For example, the city of Atlanta in Georgia has roof  temperature of up to 50oC while it is 27degC in the streets! At night, the outside of buildings stays so hot that the heat of the city causes storms over the city!
China also has the same kind of problems. Every year more farmland is used for factories or offices. More housing is needed, too. As people become richer, they buy more cars. New roads are needed and new car parks are built in the city centers. This all makes cities hotter.
It isn't easy to change the situation. City planners say that we should plant more trees in the middle of cities. Every new street should have trees on both sides, they say. Trees make the temperature lower, so we should have more trees in our parks and squares. We should also paint our roofs white. If we do this, they do not become so hot. Every roof in a hot and sunny country should have solar  roof panels. The electricity from these can be used to run the air conditioners  in the buildings.
People continue to cut down forests around the cities. This makes the problem worse. Cities are growing faster and faster. By the year 2025, four fifths  of the population will be living in cities. If we go on like this, there will not be enough farmland to feed everyone in the world
The question is: The scientists have found  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:cities become very hot in summer
B:Atlanta is the hottest city in America
C:there are not as many storms as before
D:it is not as hot on the roof as in the street"Yangzhou is wonderful! The teahouse is a popular place for local people to treat their important visitors..."This poem of the Qing Dynasty describes the comfortable life of living in Yangzhou. In Yangzhou, various snacks and refreshments  make each morning a pleasant one.
For many years, Yangzhou snakes and refreshments have been well known for their great variety with different fillings and elegant shape. By the Ming and Qing Dynasties, Yangzhou city was praised as "a place whose pastry  shops were the finest under heaven". Listening to A Hundred Tunes while Enjoying the View of Jiangnan talks of Huaiyang snacks, "Huaiyang snacks and refreshments are known for a perfect mixture of freshness and sweetness. Huaiyang snacks in Yangzhou won high praise from both at home and abroad.
Among the famous masters making Huaiyang snacks and desserts during the middle of the Qing Dynasty, the most _ was Beauty Shaw in Yizheng country. The snacks she made were said to be as valuable as gold. Yuan Mei, a famous Qing-dynasty writer , wrote in his book The Menu of Sui Garden: "Outside the south gate of Yizheng country lives Beauty Shaw, who is an expert in making snacks and desserts." She is also regarded as one of the top ten masters of ancient China. Yin Changshan, Zhang Guangqing, Dong De'an, Chen Ende and many others are reputed as modern masters. Take Chen Ende for example. He mixed his idea with the traditional cooking skills and recreated the snacks in the Red Mansion Banquet style, which is designed to present the theme and background of A Dream of the Red Mansions .These masters have been abroad many times to show their skills in making Huaiyang-style pastry. With their efforts, Huaiyang-style pastry has become popular at high speed and is showing its charm to the world. The pastry of Fuchun Teahouse is the most outstanding one.
The question is: This passage is most probably taken from  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:children's magazine
B:a personal diary
C:a short-story collection
D:an introduction to tourist attractionsA doctor was once teaching a class of medical students at a famous hospital in Edinburgh. An injured man was brought in, and the doctor turned to one of his students and asked him, "What's wrong with this man?"
"I don't know, sir," the student answered. "Shall I examine him and find out?""There's no need to examine him," said the doctor. "You should know without asking questions. He has hurt his right knee. Didn't you notice the way he walked? He hurt it by burning it in the fire. You see his trouser leg is burnt away at the knee. This is Monday morning. Yesterday was fine, but on Saturday the roads were wet and muddy. The man's trousers are muddy all over. The man fell down on Saturday night."
The doctor then turned to the man and said, "You had your pay on Saturday and went to a public house and drank too much. You got muddy and wet on the way home. Because you had drunk too much, you fell on the fire and burnt your knee. Is it right? " "Yes, sir," said the man.
The question is: The man hurt his knee  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:on Monday
B:on Sunday night
C:on Saturday night
D:on TuesdayThere was once a spider  that lived in a cornfield  . She liked this home and planned to stay there for the rest of her life.
One day, the spider caught a little bug in her web. Just as the spider was about to eat him, the bug said: "If you let me go, I will tell you something important that can save your life."
The spider thought for a little while and listened. "You'd better get out of this cornfield," the little bug said. "The harvest is coming!"
"I think you are just telling me a story," the spider said with a smile.
"Oh no, it is true," the little bug said. "All the stalks   will be knocked down, and the corn will be gathered up. You will be killed by the giant machines if you stay here."
"I don't believe you," the spider said as she ate the little bug for lunch.
A few days later, the spider was laughing about the story the little bug had told her. She thought to herself: "A harvest! What a silly idea. I have lived here all of my life, and nothing has ever disturbed   me."
The next day was a beautiful sunny day. The sky above was clear, and there was no wind at all. That afternoon, as the spider was about to take a nap  , she noticed some thick dusty clouds moving towards her. She could hear the noise of a great engine  , and she said to herself: "I wonder what that could be?"
The question is: Which might be the best title of the story?
The possible answers are:
A:A clever bug
B:The spider's home
C:A stupid spider
D:The bug's storyLizards   are unusual,but they can make good pets because most of them are small and easy to care for. They do not make loud noises,and they do not need to go for walks or take baths.
Of course, some lizards make better pets than others. One of the most popular lizards in pet store is the bearded dragon. Bearded dragons are active during the day and do not mind people holding them. Geckos are another popular pet lizard. They are a little more difficult to care for. Geckos are active at night and need a warm place to live.Like bearded dragons,they can be held by their owners.Both of these lizards can live ten years or more when they are well cared for.
Two lizards that are bad choices for pets are iguanas and chameleons. Iguanas can grow to be almost two meters(nearly six feet),so they need a big space to live in.They can also bite or scratch   their owners.Chameleons do not hurt their owners,but they are quite difficu1t to care for. While iguanas can live up to twenty years,chameleons do not live very long. Most do not live more than five years.
The question is: The writer of the passage probably thinks that  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:iguanas are not good pets for children
B:all lizards are good pets
C:most lizards are dangerous,so do not keep them as pets
D:no matter which lizard you get,do not hold itNo matter how old your kids are, you can take steps to improve a healthy diet and to encourage good eating habits.
Tip One: Family Meals
Family meals are nice for both parents and kids. Children like to guess what they are going to have and parents get the chance to introduce new foods to children. Parents can also use the mealtime as a chance to talk with their kids about their life.
Tip Two: Healthy Snacks
Kids, especially younger ones, will eat mostly what can get at home. That's why it's important to have enough healthy snacks, such as fruits, vegetables, nuts, yogurt and whole-grain biscuits.
Tip Three: Being a Good Example
The best way for you to encourage healthy eating is to eat well yourself. Kids will follow the lead of the adults they see every day. By eating fruits and vegetables and avoiding fast food and sweet drinks, you are sending the right message.
Tip Four: No Shouts about Food
Parents might find themselves shouting at children to get them to have healthy foods in front them. This in fact can make children dislike what they are asked to eat. You need to work a bit on different cooking methods .
Tip Five: Get Kids Included 
Most Kids will enjoy making the decision about food. Talk to them about making choices and planning a healthy meal. It can help them to make good decisions on their own about the foods they want to eat.
,,A, B, C, D,. (2,10)
The question is: The best way for parents to encourage a healthy diet is   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:to be a good example
B:to eat healthy snacks
C:to have family meals
D:to get kids includedMr. Smith works in a factory. There he drives a truck. He's tired all the time. When he comes back, he's always busy and doesn't want to do any housework. His wife is a doctor and likes to keep all the things clean. So she has to do all at home. She usually goes to work from Monday to Friday and has to do all on weekends. All her friends know about it and sometimes they come to help her.
It's Saturday today. Mrs Smith tells her husband to help her do some housework, but he says he has something to do and goes out early in the morning. He leaves a lot of dirty clothes at home. Mrs Smith doesn't go to work but she doesn't feel well. So she doesn't want to do any housework. After breakfast, Jo, one of her friends, comes to see her when she's sitting on a chair.
The girl finds the rooms are dirty and she asks, "Don't you clean your rooms today, Mrs Smith?" "No, I don't."says the doctor. "Why don't you wear your glasses?" "Then I will think the rooms are still clean."
The question is: After we read the story, we can know  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:Mr Smith is often ill
B:Mrs Smith is always lazy.
C:Mr Smith is always busy after work.
D:Sometimes Mr Smith helps Mrs Smith.Chinese player Li Na, a two-time Grand Slam   champion, announced her retirement on Sept 21 because of long-term knee injuries. Although it was a hard decision, Li said she had no regrets  .
"I don't feel sorry about retiring, because I've tried my best," said the 32-year-old.
Becoming professional at the age of 17, Li has set many milestones   for Chinese tennis. She was the first Chinese player to win a WTA title and the first to break into the top 20. Li won the 2011 French Open title and became the first Asian player to ever win a Slam. By winning this year's Australian Open, she became the first Asian player with two Slams.
As excellent as her tennis abilities are, Li's sense of humor is _ too. She often jokes about life with her husband in interviews, changing them into funny comedy shows. Her speech at the Australia Open in January is just the best example.
During her 15-year professional career, Li has helped the improvement of tennis in China. Earlier this month, Chinese another player Peng Shuai, 28, made the semifinals of the US Open. Last week, a new tennis match started in Li's hometown of Wuhan.
"I've seen changes happening in front of my eyes, young girls picking up tennis rackets, setting goals ... and believing in themselves," Li said in an online post.
Li is more than a sports superstar. As WTA chief executive   Stacey Allaster said, she is "a pioneer who opened doors to tennis for hundreds of millions of people throughout China and Asia."
Li said she planned to take care of my family and then to open a tennis school in China after her retirement. Her official retirement ceremony   will be on Sept 30.
The question is: Which is of the following is the writer's opinion?
The possible answers are:
A:She was the first Chinese player to win a WTA title.
B:Li became the first Asian player to ever win a Slam.
C:Li is more than a sports superstar.
D:Her official retirement ceremony will be on Sept 30.With the development of economics  , the problem of left-behind children   has become a serious social problem. More and more people have realized we should do something to help them.
One of the biggest problems is that the children are all hungry for the love from their parents. Many of them can just get a call or a letter from their parents half a year, a year or even several years, which makes _ When they meet their own troubles, they have no one to talk with. Nobody gives them enough care.
Because of being too far away from their parents, the left-behind children's study is the second biggest problem. From a survey   about their study, only two per cent of the children get good results, while ten per cent of them are common and eighty-eight per cent of them are poor. What a pity!
There are also many other problems of the left-behind children, such as having no ability to protect themselves, unhealthy lifestyles, spending too much pocket money and being crazy about Internet and so on.
In a word, to solve all the problems of the left-behind children needs the government, families and schools to try their best together.
The question is: How many problems are mentioned   in the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:Two.
B:Three.
C:Four.
D:More than four.Making friend is a skill. Like most skills, it improves with practice. If you want to meet people and make friends, you must be willing  to take some action. You must first go where there are people. You won't make friends staying home alone.
Join a club or group, talking with those who like the same things you do is much easier. Or join someone in some activity. Many people are nervous when talking to new people. After all, meeting strangers means facing the unknown. And it's human nature to feel a bit uncomfortable about the unknown.
Most of our fears about dealing with new people come from doubts about ourselves. We imagine other people are giving an opinion about us-finding us too tall or too short, too this or too that. But don't forget that they must be feeling the same away. Try to accept yourself as you are, and try to put the other person at ease . You'll both feel more comfortable.
Try to keep self-confident even when you don't feel that way when you enter a room full of strangers, such as a new classroom, walk tall and straight, look directly at other people and smile. If you see someone you'd like to speak to, say something. Don't wait for the other person to start a conversation.
Just meeting someone new does not mean that you will make friends with that person-friendship is based on each other's liking and "give and take". They take time and efforts to develop. And there are things that keep a new friendship from growing.
The question is: Friendship is based on  _
The possible answers are:
A:meeting for the first time
B:each other's liking and "give and take"
C:keeping self-confident
D:facing the unknownIf you hear the sound of a handset beeping  in a bag or pocket, you could be forgiven for thinking that someone has received a text message. But nowadays there are so many different ways of messaging someone that it could spell the death of the traditional text as we know it.
Text messaging, or texting, is the art of sending a short, electronic message between two mobile phones or tablets . Users pay a certain amount to send messages via  SMS--short message service. But in the last few years, messaging in this way has been on the decline .
The rise of smartphones and tablets has seen an increase in the use of instant messaging apps  , which take the place of traditional texts. Using wireless Internet connections, people can send limitless numbers of IMs to their friends for very little cost. Unlike traditional mobile texts, the user usually only has to pay to download the app once, after which each message they send is free.
Web developers soon _ . Instant messaging apps have become popular all over the world. WhatsApp in America and Europe, WeChat in China and Kakao Talk in South Korea are but a few which have attracted hundreds of millions of people, who use the apps to chat to their friends in real time. These apps allow people to send picture messages for free--something which previously was quite costly.
Research company Informa said that almost 19 billion messages were sent per day using chat apps in 2012, compared with 17. 6 billion SMS texts. And it expects the chat app market to grow t0 50 billion per day by 2014. So does this really mean the end for communication by text?
Pamela Clark--Dickson from Informa doesn't think so. She says that there are a large number of people who use normal mobile phones, particularly in developing countries, who prefer the SMS messaging tool. There is an awfully big base of mobile phone users who are still going to find that SMS is the best messaging experience for them for a while.
,.
The question is: What is the best title for text?
The possible answers are:
A:the death of text messaging
B:How to send messages via SMS
C:SMS costs less than IMs
D:WeChat in China is popular.Look at the picture. What can you see? In the picture there is a big table with a lot of things on it. There are three bottles of orange juice, two glasses of milk, some bread, cakes and so on. look, there is a cat under the table. It's Kate's cat. Its name is Mimi. I think it like them very much. No, Mimi. You can't have them. All the things on the table are not for you. They are for Jim and Kate. They have them for lunch. POLLY is a bird.  Now it's on the window. It's eating a banana.
The question is: Which sentence is right ?
The possible answers are:
A:The cat is eating bread .
B:Jim is having breakfast.
C:Polly is eating a banana.
D:Kate is having lunch.House For Sale
Red Rose Garden, Pudong
3-storey home. 509 sqm total land area. 428.8 sqm built-in. 312.9 sqm garden.
Asking for RMB 13 million.
MP: 13761973547     Tel: 021-58609228      Fax: 021-58609728
Job Wanted
Cherry, 24, a shining girl, good at oral English and Putonghua. Now I am working at an international trade company in Guangzhou. I am kind-hearted, hard-working and healthy, and would like part-time weekend work offering Putonghua lessons to foreign friends. If you are interested, please email me at cherrylf@hotmail. com.
Beijing Snow World Ski Park
Price: 18 yuan (Ticket).
50 yuan/hour on weekdays and 70 yuan/hour on weekends. 120 yuan/four hours on weekdays and 190 yuan/four hours on weekends.
The question is: If he goes skiing on   _   in Beijing Snow World Ski Park, Nick has to pay more money than on Tuesday.
The possible answers are:
A:Thursday
B:Sunday
C:Wednesday
D:MondayTony has always loved going to the beach. He spends as much time there as he can. It was a bright, sunny day. The beach was full by the time Tony and his mum got there. It seemed  that  everyone had the same idea today. When they found a spot , Tony sat down and began to relax.
Soon Tony noticed something strange. There was an empty water bottle in the sand. Then, a paper bag was blowing down by the water. People had littered all over the beach!
Tony was mad. His mum explained that a lot of people littered  instead of using garbage cans . If Tony wanted to stop it, he would have to work to save the beach.
He worked hard. Tony got a group to help clean up. He put up signs saying" _ " and got his town to add more garbage cans in the area. Most of all, he let people know how bad littering is for the environment.
Tony   worked hard to make a difference!
The question is: What was the weather like on that day?
The possible answers are:
A:Rainy.
B:Cloudy.
C:Sunny.
D:Windy.Roger, a young man from China, has taught Chinese in a primary school in England for 3 years. Many children like his class and he enjoys teaching them very much. All the pupils are quite interested in what Roger teaches them. They learn quickly and do everything carefully.
One day he said to the children, "People in a lot of Asian countries wear white clothes at funerals, but the people in America wear white in the weddings because white means purity and happiness. What colour does an English woman wear when she gets married ?"
Mary said, "White, sir. Because she is happy." "That is good, Mary." Roger said, "You are quite right. She wears white because she is happy."
But then one boy in the class put up his hand. "Yes, Dick?" Roger said, "Do you have a question?" "Yes." Dick said, "Why do men wear black in our country when they get married, sir?"
The question is: What does Roger do ?
The possible answers are:
A:He teaches English in China
B:He is a Chinese teacher in China.
C:He teaches Chinese in England.
D:He teaches English in England.Jack was ten years old and he was a very lazy boy. He didn't like doing any work. He had to go to school, of course, but he didn't study hard there and tried to do little work. His father and mother were both doctors and they hoped that their son would become one too when he grew up. But one day Jack said to his mother, "When I finish school, I want to be a dustman ."
"A dustman?" his mother asked. She was very surprised. "That's not a good job. Why do you want to become a dustman?"
"Because I would only have to work one day a week," Jack answered at once.
"Only one day a week?" his mother said. "What do you mean? And how do you know?"
"Well," Jack answered, "I know that the dustman came to work on Thursday every week, because I only see them on that day."
The question is: How was Jack doing at school?
The possible answers are:
A:He liked his school.
B:He worked hard at school.
C:He didn't study hard at school.
D:He tried to do much work at school.Mr Clark goes to a dinner party in old clothes. He comes into the room, but the people in the room don't look at him. They don't ask him to sit at the table.
Mr Clark goes home and puts on   his good clothes. He goes back to the party. People in the room stands up and smiles at him. They give him very good food to eat.
Mr Clark _ his clothes, and puts them in the food and say, "Eat, clothes!"
The other people ask, "What are you doing?"
He answers, "I'm asking my coat   to eat food. When I am wearing my old clothes, you don't look at me. You don't ask me to sit down. Now I am in these clothes. And you give me very good food. Now I know, you give the food to my clothes, not to me!"
,.
The question is: When Mr Clark comes to the party in good clothes, people   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:don't know him
B:don't look at him
C:don't ask him to sit at the table
D:are good with himSome school officials   want to change class time from 8:00 a. m. to 9:00 a. m. What do  you think ? Here  are some students' ideas.
Jill : I think it's a good idea ! I usually get up at 6:10 and it's difficult for me . At night I have to do lots of homework and I like to watch TV . I go to bed at about 10:00 p. m. I  usually can't catch the bus at 7:30 in the morning . I am often late for school
Sally : I don't think it's a good idea . I always get up at 5:30 in the morning . it's the best time of the day . First I do some morning exercises . Then I read and have breakfast . So I will be happy if class begins at 8:00
Bill: I  get up at 6:30 . I always go to school without breakfast . A morning class is not good for me . I hope I can go to school after 8:30.
,
The question is: Which of following sentences is TURE ??
The possible answers are:
A:Sally works hard
B:Billy thinks there are no early buses in the morning
C:Sally likes to watch TV in the evening.
D:No ,it isn'tHelen Keller was a US author and public speaker who became blind and deaf at the age of 19 months. Anne Sullivan became her teacher in 1887 and taught her to read, write, use sign language and speak. Keller received degree from Radcliffe College in 1904 and spent the rest of her life encouraging others with difficulties like hers to overcome them. Her books include The story of My Life (1902) and Out of the Dark(1913). Her life was the subject of the play The Miracle Worker
The question is: Helen Keller was an author in   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:English
B:America
C:Australia
D:ChinaIn Germany there are different kinds of high schools. Some prepare students for workers, others prepare them for college. All schools are great places for making friends and learning German.
Short days
Most high schools in Germany begin at about 8:00 a.m. and end at about 3:30 p.m. This means your morning will be busy with classes. You will have time to do homework and take part in private  clubs after school.
Formal setting
In Germany, teachers and students' relationship is more formal than you might be used to. Teachers are _ and students must use the formal "Sie(,)" when talking to teachers.
Getting to school
Most students take public transport to school or ride a bicycle. Some areas have school buses. It is not common for parents to drive students to school.
Private clubs
In many countries, schools offer official sports and after-school activities. This is less common in Germany. After-school activities are usually organized through private clubs. There are clubs for things like soccer, dance, choir, theatre and almost everything else. Once you are in Germany, ask around at school and talk to other students to find out what private clubs are in your area and meet your interests.
Different states, different schools
Each of Germany's 16 states has its own slightly different school systems. The school system in Brandenburg will be a little different from the system in Bavaria for example. Where you live, your knowledge level and your age will decide what school you can attend.
The question is: For high school students in Germany, which is NOT the common transport to school?
The possible answers are:
A:School buses.
B:Parents' cars.
C:Public transport.
D:Students' bicycles.Hello, I'm a middle school student from Hainan. My Chinese name is Li Ying. My English name is Alice. I am Chinese. I'm in No. 26 Middle School. I am a good student. Now I am thirteen years old.
Our school is very nice. Ms Smart is my English teacher. I like her and she loves us very much.
There are three people in my family. This is my father. He is a teacher. This is my mother. Her name is Han Jing. I love them very much.
The question is: Ms Smart is  _  English teacher.
The possible answers are:
A:Li Ying's
B:Li Ping's
C:Lingling's
D:Daming'sHello , boys and girls ! I'm Anna Green . Look ! This is my bedroom . The wall is white . And this is my bed . B-E-D , bed . It's green . What's this on the bed ? It is a quilt . It's a yellow quilt . And that's a jacket . It's green , too . What are those on the sofa ? They are my books . Oh , what's this on the wall ? It's a map of China . What color is it ? It is green . Oh , no . It's yellow . No , it's blue , yellow and brown . I like my bedroom very much .
The question is: _   is ( are ) green .
The possible answers are:
A:The bed
B:The jacket
C:The map
D:The bed and the jacketEvery year people celebrate the Spring Festival in China. Usually it is in January or February. It's the most important  festival in China. So before it comes, everyone buys many things, and they often make a special kind of food called dumplings. It means "come together". Parents always buy new clothes for their children and children also buy presents for their parents. On the Spring Festival eve , all the family members come back home. They sing, dance and play cards. When they enjoy the meal, they give each other the best wishes  for the coming year. They all have a good time.
The question is: When Chinese people are having dinner on the Spring Festival eve, they   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:sing, dance and play cards
B:buy each other presents
C:never drinks
D:never singsZhang Ming, a college student from Shandong, created a 9-page "WeChat guide". With drawings and simple words, the step-by-step guide explains how to send messages, take pictures and make video calls. Zhang made the guide for his parents. "My parents are getting old. They need an easy way to learn how to use new technology." He said.
Zhang's experience is common nowadays. Worldwide, 40 percent of parents learn about new technologies, including computers, mobile Internet and social media, from their children, according to a study from the International Communication Association in 2014.
Parents used to teach their kids about almost everything. Now for the first time, the teachers become the students, and the students turn into the teachers.
The change of roles comes from the rapid development of society and technology, says Zhou Xiaohong, a sociology professor from Nanjing University. Zhou said the Internet and other forms of media give children ways to get information besides from asking older generations . Therefore, in the age of information, it's possible that children know more than their parents do.
According to the China Internet Network Information Center(CINIC), 56.7 percent of Internet users and 67.2 percent of social media users in China are under the age of 30. The younger generation usually acts as a _ between their family and the new environment. But when they teach their parents new technologies, parents can connect to the new world by themselves, noted Zhou.
In Zhang Ming's eyes, teaching his parents about WeChat brings him closer to his parents. "People can communicate more by using new technology. Why should we keep our parents out?" said Zhang.
The question is: What's the best title of the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:Ways of using new technology
B:Kids can also teach parents
C:How parents connect to the world
D:Ways to get informationAn old gentleman who lives a few doors away from me can always be seen with a bag. He goes out by himself and picks up plastic bottles, plastic bags and pieces of paper everywhere. He does it all carefully and never complains.
The children in the nearby school are probably responsible for some of that litter. "There will come a time when they know better," he said. "It's just not yet. So, I'll do it for them."
Well, this morning I was out walking my neighbor's dog when I saw another neighbor, a much younger man, out doing the same thing! He had his two little sons with him and they were having good fun trying to pick up the litter.
"What a good job you are doing", I said to him. "Well, an older fellow in our street does this", said he. "And my friend and I thought it wasn't fair that he had to do it all the time, so now we take turns."
Not only was he taking a turn, not only did he have a friend join in as well, but he was passing on the lesson to the nextgeneration !
By the time I had returned the dog to my neighbor, I looked again and his children's friends had joined in!
This man was teaching a whole group of young children to keep their own streetclean. An older man had set an example for him and now he was passing it on--the next generation is doing what he did and the generation to come after that!
The question is: The younger man did the same thing as the old gentleman because  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:it was his turn
B:it was interesting for him
C:he was the old gentleman's good friend
D:he wanted to share the job with the old gentlemanIt snowed heavily last winter in northern China.Big snows came to Beijing,Hebei,Shanxi,Ningxia and Xinjiang.For many cities,it was the biggest snowfall in 50 years.The snow made traveling hard.Many schools had to close for days.
Jia Aizhen,14,lives in Taiyuan,Shanxi.Her math teacher asked them to have a test on Wednesday.Because of the snow,they had the test later on Sunday.
"It was good because we had more time to study for the test,"said Jia.She enjoyed the snow from the window at home.
"I felt quiet and relaxed to see the white snowy world."
Kang Xinyi,13,and Wang Doing,13,are classmates at Shijiazhuang No.43 Middle School in Hebei.Their school stopped on Wednesday.Kang said the snow outside was 40em deep .
"It was so good we didn't have to go to school!"said Kang.
Kang,Wang and another friend had a snowball fight and made a snowman .They also helped clear snow off the streets.
"I never saw such a big snow,"said Wang."Last year we only made a small snow panda,but this year our snowman is 1 meter tall!"
"If the snow didn't _ for traveling,we would hope it would never stop!"said the girls.
The question is: From the passage,we know that the students   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:had fun with the snow
B:didn't like their schools
C:were sorry about the big snow
D:were worried about the snowA)  LiYugang dresses like a woman and sings like a bird. He won the third prize in CCTV's Star Road in 2006. He sings folk songs. However, he seems to have the spirit of Mei Lanfang. In fact, the young man had learnt something from Mei Lanfang's students. People in China usually don't like cross-dressing . But people are really surprised at Li's beauty and _ when he sings and dances.
B)   Do you know who invented QQ? It was Ma Huateng. He was born in Guangdong in 1971. He chose computer science when he entered Shenzhen University in 1989. He worked as a computer programmer for a company in Shenzhen for five years after he graduated in 1993. Later he left the company and started his own company in 1998.
C)   Yue Fei was a famous hero of Southern Song Dynasty. He was born in a poor family in Henan Province. He was very brave and won many battles with his soldiers. But Qin Hui killed Yue Fei for Mo Xuyou. Later a temple about Yue Fei was built in memory of him at the foot of Qixia Ling by the West Lake, in Hangzhou.
The question is: From the passage, we know Yue Fei  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:was not born in a rich family
B:was not brave
C:killed Qin Hui
D:built a templeA man lives in a very tall building. He has a lot of money and he has a parrot at home. It's a clever bird.
Every morning, after the man gets up, the bird says "hello". When the man comes back from his work, the bird says, "Is that you? Come here. I can see you." One evening, when the man is sleeping, a thief comes into his building by climbing up the window. When he finds some money and begins to leave the house by climbing down through the window again, he hears a voice in the dark.
"Hello! Is that you? Come here. I can see you." The thief is so frightened that he falls down from the window.
The question is: . When does the thief come?
The possible answers are:
A:In the afternoon
B:In the morning
C:The man isn't at home.
D:The man is asleep.People are busy working every day, so they do not have enough time to do exercise. As a result, many people become too fat or too thin. To keep our bodies healthy, we have to do exercise every day.
There are many kinds of exercises. Bending   and stretching   helps us move easily. Before we play ball games or swim, it is better for us to do bending and stretching exercises first. This kind of exercise is something called warm-up exercise.
Running is also a good exercise.  If we cannot run fast, we can jog. Jogging means running slowly Again, before we run or jog, we must do warm-up exercise. Also, we should not run or jog in busy streets. The air there is often dirty. Some people like weight lifting because it can make their bodies strong. Also, we need to do warm-up exercise before weight lifting.
The question is: From the passage, we know   _   .
The possible answers are:
A:jogging means running quickly
B:weight lifting can help us move easily
C:busy streets are not good places for running
D:three kinds of exercises are mentionedWilliam wants to borrow a book from the library. He comes to the library with his classmates. They can't see any assistant  in it, but only some robots standing there. He says to the robot, "Hey, give me a book on music." But the robot doesn't move.
Then another student tells William, " You must say 'Excuse me' and 'please' first when you want some help." William does so and the robot brings the book. But William can't get the book from the robot's hands. He thinks for a moment, then he says a word to the robot.
The robot gives him the book. John gets the book and goes home happily.
The question is: Which of the following sentences is NOT right?
The possible answers are:
A:William borrows a music book
B:William feels very happy in the end
C:William borrows a book from a library
D:William goes to the library with his fatherHello, I'm Simon. I wear a blue and yellow T-shirt for the show. I borrow  the T-shirt from my cousin Jack.
Hello, I'm Sandy. I wear a pair of long red boots, a red blouse and a black skirt for the show. They are the clothes from the 1990s. And I borrow the boots from my mother.
Hello, I'm Daniel. I wear a purple scarf, a purple shirt, and white trousers today. They are my father's. They are smart.
Hello, I'm Amy. I don't like the clothes today. The black trousers and the white blouse don't match very much. But my grandmother likes them very much. They are from the 1970s! I want to have a pair of white boots and a pink one-piece dress. Maybe that will be popular in the 2010s.
The question is: Which of these is very smart?
The possible answers are:
A:A pair of long red boots, a red blouse and a black skirt.
B:A blue and yellow T-shirt.
C:A purple scarf, a purple shirt, and white trousers.
D:Black trousers and a white blouse.There was once a young man called Paul in a village in the USA. Paul was very lazy because his father was a rich farmer and he didn't have to work. Mr Smith, a neighbour of his, was a blacksmith  . He used to work in his shop all day. Paul spent hours and hours watching how the blacksmith worked every day. "Young man, why don't you try your hand to make a shoe tack  , even it is only to pass the time?" said the blacksmith one day, " Maybe it will be useful to you some day." Finally, the lazy boy began to have a try. After practicing some times, he becameskilledand could make very nice tacks.
Years later, Paul's father died and he lost all the things because of a war  . He had to move to another country and live by himself. It happened that there were many shoemakers paying high prices to buy tacks for the shoes, because in that part of the country there was a great need of tacks for soldiers' shoes. Paul went to talk with them. He told them that he would make the tacks if they could help him find a workshop in the village. The shoemakers agreed. Then Paul made a lot of money by making tacks. "How funny it is!" he said to himself, "Even by making shoe tacks, one can become rich."
The question is: How many kinds of people appeared in the story except Paul ?
The possible answers are:
A:Five.
B:Four.
C:Three.
D:Two.When you are in England, you must be very careful in the streets because the traffic drives on the left.
Before you cross a street, you must look to the right first and then left. If the traffic lights are red, the traffic must stop. Then the people on foot can cross the road.
If the traffic lights are green, the traffic can go. People on foot mustn't cross.
In the morning and in the evening when people go to or come from work, the streets are very busy. Traffic is most dangerous then.
When you go by bus in England, you have to be careful, too. Always remember the traffic moves on the left. So you must be careful. Have a look first or you will go the wrong way.
In many English cities, there are big buses with two floors. You can sit on the second floor. From there you can see the city very clearly. It's very interesting.
The question is: You must be careful when you go by bus because   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:there are too many buses there
B:the traffic lights are different from ours
C:crossing the street is dangerous
D:you may go the wrong wayNancy is an English school girl. She studies in a middle school. She has a little brother. His name is John. John is only four. Nancy likes him very much.
Today is Sunday. Nancy wants to do her homework. She takes out her pencil-box and opens it. "Oh, dear! Where's my pen?" She can't find her pen. She goes to ask her brother in his bedroom.
"John! I can't find my pen. Can you see it?  Oh, what are you doing with my pen? "
"I'm writing to my friend, Peter." John answers.
"But how can you? You don't know how to write! "
"It doesn't matter. Peter can't read. " John says.
,.
The question is: _   can't find her pen.
The possible answers are:
A:Nancy
B:Peter
C:John
D:FriendHere are some advice about trips.
1. Forget fashion! Always wear your most comfortable clothes when going on long trips.
2. Travelling on trains and buses can be boring, so take a good book to read.
3. If you're going somewhere cold, remember to put on warm clothes!
4. If you are going somewhere sunny, remember to bring your sun-block and sunglasses.
5. Always take a camera with you to _ those special moments.
6. Look after your things well whenever you go to a busy place, like a train station. There are many thieves  there!
7. Most countries have lower prices for students, so if you are a student, take your student card with you.
The question is: If you go to Hainan for a trip in summer, you should take   _   with you.
The possible answers are:
A:warm clothes and sports shoes
B:sunglasses and sun-block
C:fashionable clothes and a big bag
D:some fruit and drinksYou speak,write a letter,and make a telephone call. Your words carry a message. People communicate with words. Do you think you can communicate without words? A smile on your face shows you are happy or friendly. Tears in your eyes tell others that you are sad. When you raise your hand in class,the teacher knows you want to say something or ask questions. You shake your head,and people know you are saying "No". You nod and people know you are saying "Yes".
Other things can also carry messages. For example,a sign at the bus stop helps you to know which bus to take. A sign on the wall of your school helps you to find the library. Signs on doors tell you where to go in or out. Have you ever noticed that there are a lot of signs around you and that you receive messages from them all the time?
People can communicate in many other ways. An artist can use his drawings to tell about beautiful mountains,about the blue sea and many other things. Books are written to tell you about all the wonderful things in the world and also about people and their ideas. Books,magazines,TVs, radios and films all help us to communicate with each other. They all help us to know what is going on in the world and what other people are thinking about.
(Notes: communicate ;sign ,)
The question is: What do you think is the quickest way to communicate with your friend in another city?
The possible answers are:
A:Making a telephone.
B:Writing a letter.
C:Drawing a picture.
D:Asking someone else to take a message.Today is Sunday. It is sunny. Kate and her friends go to the beach.
There are lots of people here now. Some are playing volleyball. Others are swimming in the sea. Look at this group of people singing and taking a sunbath   on the beach.
After swimming for some time, Kate feels very tired. So she has a rest at the swimming club on the beach.
Where are Kate's best friends? Susan is learning to swim in the water. Gina is helping her to learn swimming. Susan is clever. I think she can swim soon.
,.
The question is: Which isn't mentioned in the article?
The possible answers are:
A:Some people are playing volleyball.
B:Some people are taking photos.
C:Some people are swimming.
D:Some people are taking a sunbath.Mrs. Black is sixty-nine years old. She only has a daughter named Sandra. Mr. Black died twelve years ago. Mrs. Black was very sad and lived in her house alone. Two years ago her daughter had a baby. The young woman was busy all the time and had no time to look after her son James. She asked her mother to live with them.
The old woman had to sell her house and moved there. She was strong and could do all the housework. And the family liked her.
Last autumn Mrs. Black went to do some shopping. A car hit her and her leg was hurt. She had to be in hospital for three months. She couldn't do anything after she came back. At first her daughter was kind to her, but soon she began to be tired of   her. The old woman wanted to leave, but she had no money to buy a house and nobody could take care of her. She didn't know what to do.
One morning Mrs. Black broke a plate. It made her daughter angry. She told James to buy a wooden   plate for his grandma. That afternoon James came back with two wooden plates. She was surprised and asked, "Why did you buy two plates, son?"
"One is for grandma," answered the boy, "the other is for you! You will also have to use a wooden plate when you're old, I think."
The woman heard this and was sad. She cried for long. Now she is kind to her mother as she was before.
The question is: Mrs. Black couldn't leave her daughter's house because she   _   .
The possible answers are:
A:she had no house to live in
B:Her daughter's family didn't like her any longer
C:Sandra couldn't go to see her any more
D:She could help her daughter do all the houseworkTraveling by train is usually not easy in China. It can be hard to get a ticket. When you're traveling to the railway station, you look at your watch, for you are afraid you will miss your train.
But there is good news for people traveling between Beijing and Shanghai. Construction   on the express railway   between the two cities started just before the Spring Festival of 2008. When it is finished by 2013, taking a train will be as easy as taking a bus.
"There will be trains every several minutes. Buying a ticket, getting through the checkpoint   and taking your seat, will take just 10 minutes," said an engineer.
There may be high-speed trains running at 350 kilometers an hour. The travel time between the two cities will _ from 10 to about 5 hours. The trains will carry twice the present number of passengers.
The new line will be 1,318 kilometers long and go across specially built bridges. It will run along side the present line. There will be 21 stations in Hebei, Tianjin, Shandong, Anhui and Jiangsu.
"The cost of traveling by the express railway may be around 800 yuan. That will be more expensive than an ordinary train, but cheaper than by air." Said Zhang Xiaoling, a Jiangsu government official.
According to Zhang, the higher price is caused by the large cost of the railway project. At about 200 billion yuan, the project may be even more expensive than the Three Gorges Project  .
The question is: Which of the following statements is TRUE according to the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:Traveling by train is usually difficult in China because tickets are too expensive.
B:The high-speed trains will have 21 stations in Shanghai, Shandong, Hunan and Jiangsu.
C:Tickets for the high-speed trains will be cheaper than those for planes.
D:The cost of the express railway project is as high as that of the Three Gorges Project.Dear Abby,
I am a helpless mother, my son is 15 years old. I find out that the older he grows, the less we talk. I feel very worried and I really need help.
My first problem is about his hobbies, he seems to spend too much time on computer games. As soon as he gets home, he always turns on the computer, closes the door and locks others out. I am getting worried about him, especially when his English teacher told me he always fails(,) in the English exam.
Secondly, it seems that he is crazy  about the new technology. However, to be honest, I don't have enough money and I can't _ all the things he wants.
Recently, I have found that he seems to be always alone. I have never seen him talking to his friends on the phone or going out with anyone on weekends. That is the last problem I have.
Do all the boys behave this way? What should I do to help him?
A helpless mother
The question is: It seems that her son spends too much time  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:playing computer games
B:watching TV
C:playing with new technology
D:talking to his friendMr. King works very long hours every day. He usually gets up at 5:30. He brushes his teeth quickly and goes to his workplace  . Then he runs with some kids. After that he takes a shower. He eats his breakfast at 7:00. His work starts at 8:10. He is good at math and many boys and girls learn math from him. All the kids like him very much. He often talks or plays games with the kids. He usually goes to bed after 22:00. He is often very tired but he likes his job and loves the kids. He doesn't work on weekends. Mr. King likes reading at home on weekends. Sometimes some kids' parents come to his home to talk about their kids. When Monday comes, Mr. King gets busy again.
The question is: Mr. King is good at   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:English
B:science
C:history
D:mathA crow  is about twenty inches  long and black all over. Crows are dirty birds because they live on bad food. Crows eat a lot of waste food. In this way they are more useful to us than any birds. They clean up the dirty things in our streets. Crows are always hungry. They look for food all day, and in the evening you can see them in large numbers flying back to their nests  in the trees. They sleep there at night.
Crows are much noisier than other birds. Very often a large number of crows will get together on one house and talk. Sometimes they talk together, and sometimes they do it by turns  like human beings . It is easy to tell  from crow's sound if they are pleased or angry. Perhaps crows talk a lot because they are friendly birds. A pair of crows will live together all their lives, and if one of them dies, the other one becomes very sad and quiet for the rest of its life and some time later it dies too.
The question is: Crows always look for food   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:in the evening
B:all day
C:in the morning
D:at nightThe Black family often do housework together at the weekend. Pam often cleans bedrooms. Her father buys _ for the next week. Her mother washes the clothes. John, Pam's brother, helps to cut the grass in the garden.
The Blacks often ride bikes to the park nearby. In the park, they can play basketball and football. They always have a good time there. They say they like working and playing together.
The question is: The Blacks like to   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:go on a picnic
B:go shopping
C:have a rest
D:go to the parkPeter is thirteen years old. He is in Grade Two this year. He likes playing football and watching football matches. And he often reads newspaper. He does his best to know where and when there is going to be a football match. Now Peter is having lunch. He is listening to the radio, too. He is very happy because there is going to be a nice football match on TV at four this afternoon.
He wants to watch it very much. But he is going to have English and Chinese lessons. He thinks hard and finds a way.
"Hello, Mrs. Black," Peter says to his teacher on the telephone. " Peter is ill in bed. He wants to ask for half a day's leave   ."
"Oh, I'm sorry to hear that," says Mrs. Black, "But who's that? "
"It's my father, Mr. Black."
The question is: Peter often reads newspaper because  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:he likes to read news
B:he likes to read stories
C:he wants to know where and when there is going to be a football match
D:his father wants him to read themThe city of Cannes _ in the southern part of France, in the Riviera region and has a population of nearly 70,000. Cannes is very famous around the world for its Film Festival and also for its Cannes Lions Festival. It is a comfortable city and has tourism   as its main industry. Cannes offers some of France's finest hotels. You can surf the Internet for more information about hotels.
 _ is 905 km away from Paris, 164 km from Marseille and 26 km away from Nice. The coast is often visited. The Boulevard de la Croisette is one of the most important attractions for people who love the beach, sun and sand.
La Croisette is a 12 km waterfront avenue   with many trees, hotels, cafes, shops and restaurants around. Visiting the Musee de la Castre is also a good choice for seeing beautiful works of art, paintings and so on. And if you want to relax,
you can visit the Iles de Lerins  (Le rins Islands) with nice views and beautiful beaches.
If you just take a walk in the streets of Cannes, you will discover a very friendly atmosphere  . The main streets are d'Antibes and Meynardier. You will have a good time in the shops. Its restaurants are very good, although the prices are sometimes expensive. Depending on whether the restaurant is located on the waterfront or not, the price will be a bit more expensive.
The question is: To see beautiful works of art and paintings, you can visit   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:Lerins Islands
B:the Musee de la Castre
C:the Boulevard de la Croisette
D:MarseilleBasketball is still a young game. It's over a hundred years old . In the winter of 1891, a certain college was having some trouble with its boy students. The weather was bad and the students had to stay indoors . As they couldn't play outdoors , they were unhappy ,and some even got into fights from time to time .
Some of the teachers at the college asked Dr Naismith to invent a game so that the students might have something to play with. It was ont easy to invent such a game, because it had to played indoors , and the court was not very large.
Dr.Naismith thought for a few days and invented a kind of  ball game .It is a wonderful game with much moving and passing of  the ball .It was played between two teams .To make a score, the ball had to be thrown into the basket ten feet  above the floor on the wall. At each end of the court there was such a basket .At first, Dr.Naismith wanted to throw the ball into a box, As he could not find boxes of the right size, he had to use fruit baskets instead. That is how the game got its name .
The question is: Who asked Dr.Naismith to invent a game ?
The possible answers are:
A:Some students
B:Some teachers
C:Some students' parents
D:Some of his friendsMany years ago,there was a very popular sport in America. Who invented the sport more than 3,000 years ago? We don't know . But everyone thinks it was the 01mecs made it popular.
People don't have the same rules about the game all over the world . People in different parts of the world play the game in different places at different times. If we want to bring back the sport, we need to have two teams of players standing on each end of a court. When the game begins, the two teams need to pass a ball with their hands and feet. The players can't touch the ball with their hands and feet.
But they can use their elbows  and other parts of their bodies hit it. If a player does not pick up t he ball in time and lets it fall to the ground, that team loses a point. Or if a player makes the ball through a hoop ,that team scores a point. The team with the most points wins the game.
The question is: The player can't touch the ball with their  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:feet
B:legs
C:elbows
D:headsAmy likes fast food very much. She wants to go to McDonald's for dinner today. She asks Brian to take her there.
Amy: Do you like McDonald's?
Brian: It's OK. But you know eating too much food there is not good for your health.
Amy: I know. But I like junk food.
Brian: Why?
Amy: It's _ .
Brian: Yeah, right. Fat and salt.
Amy: I don't care.
Brian: You're all right. Quite slim .
Amy: Let's go.
(Amy and Brian stand in front of the counter.)
Waitress: What would you like?
Amy: A cheeseburger, a small fries, and a cup of orange juice.
Waitress: 4.5 dollars.
Amy: OK.
Waitress: How about you?
Brian: A chicken sandwich and a cup of milk.
Waitress: That would be 2.5 dollars.
Brian: Here you are.
Waitress: Thanks.
The question is: Which of the following is TRUE?
The possible answers are:
A:Amy is a fat girl.
B:They should pay less than 10 dollars for the meal.
C:Brian likes to have dinner in McDonald's.
D:Amy wants to have a chicken sandwich.Canada, the second largest country in the world, lies in the north of America. The population of Canada is about 29 million and the capital is Ottawa. The country covers about 9,980,000 square kilometers and six of the world's 24 time areas   as well.
There are two official languages spoken in Canada: French and English. Many people can speak both English and French. More than 60% of Canadians speak English as their language. About 25% of the Canadians speak French. In one province of Canada where French is the common language, the programmes on TV and radios as well as the teaching in schools are all in French. Today, Chinese has become the first inofficial  language in Canada.
Canada's climate is not as cold all year around as some may believe. In winter, temperatures fall below freezing point throughout most of Canada. In summer, the southern provinces often experience high levels of temperatures that can reach over 30degC regularly. The weather in Canada is just like the weather in China. It is rather cold in the north while it is fairly warm in the south. Winters in the north last long with snow for half a year. As the cold northern climate, only one-fifth of the land is suitable for farming.
As it is known to all, Canada has one-third of the world's supply of fresh water. It has many great lakes. There are five great lakes in the south. And there are many others, especially in the north. It is also rich in natural resources, such as coal, oil, natural gas of which Canadians make use to produce energy.
People of northern Canada are called Inuit  , who came from Asia and settled in Canada about 4,000 years ago. They used to travel around from place to place with teams of dogs which pulled their baggage. Now, they seldom move. There are about 2,500 Inuit in all. The government has started a new school project in which Inuit teach their own young children. So it is hoped that the way of Inuit life will be kept alive for more centuries.
The question is: How many people are there living in Canada?
The possible answers are:
A:About 24 million.
B:About 29 million.
C:About 25 million.
D:About 9,980,000.When I was growing up,I had an old neighbor named Dr Gibbs.He didn't look like any other doctor I'd ever known.He was a very kind person..After he retired,he began to plant trees in his large garden. He wished to make it a forest.
The good doctor had some interesting ideas about planting trees.He never watered his new trees.Once I asked why,he said,"If you water them,each baby tree will grow weaker and weaker. Otherwise,they will have to grow deep roots to look for water under the earth by themselves."
He planted some oaks, and instead of watering them every morning,he beat them with a rolled-up newspaper.I asked him why he did that,and he said it was to get the trees' attention.
Dr Gibbs died two years after I left home.I always walked by his house and looked at the trees that I'd watched him plant about twenty -five years ago.They're very big and strong now.
I also planted two trees several years ago.I carried water to them for a whole summer.I sprayed them.However,after two years of caring too much,whenever a cold wind blows in, they shake a lot.
Life is hard,whether we want it to be or not. What we need to do is try our best to make our roots reach deep into the brave heart,so when the rain falls and the wind blows,we could face them strongly and won't be beaten down.
The question is: Which of the following about Dr Gibbs is true according to the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:He was strict with his neighbors.
B:He was a doctor before he retired.
C:He wanted to be a gardener after he retired.
D:He liked planting flowers in his garden.Many people hurt their backs when they try to lift heavy things from the floor. It is easy to hurt your back muscle  when you try to pick up a heavy thing. However, there is a correct way to lift things from the floor. If you pick up heavy things correctly, you probably will not hurt your back.
To lift something from the floor correctly, first bend   your knees and lower yourself. Keep your back straight. Do not bent over, from your waist   keep your back and hips   and waist in a line. If you bent over, the muscles in your lower back can became hurt very easily. If you keep your back and hips straight, the muscles are stronger, because they hold up together. The other muscles can then help the lower back muscles.
As you lower yourself, try to get as close to thing as you can, put one knee on each side of the thing. Remember at all times to keep your back straight. Put your hand under the thing that is in front of you, between y our knees.
To lift the thing, you should stand up slowly. Use your leg muscles in order to stand up.
lift with your legs, not with your back.
The question is: Many people hurt their backs when they lift something because    _   .
The possible answers are:
A:they are not strong
B:the things are very heavy
C:the way to lift the things is not correct
D:they are very heavyHealth is important for us.But how can we keep healthy?First,you should eat vegetables and fruit four or five times a week.Then you should eat some tofu products every day because they are good for people,both the young and the old.Milk is also necessary, _ for women.So you should have milk twice a day.It can help you to be healthy.Next,doing morning exercises is better.You can do morning exercises or evening exercises.After dinner,you should take a walk.
The question is: You should have milk  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:four times a day
B:five times a day
C:twice a day
D:twice a weekSome years ago on a hot summer day in south Florida, a little boy decided to go for a swim in the lake behind his house. He ran out of the back door, leaving behind shoes, socks and shirt as he went.
He flew into the water, not realizing that as he swam toward the middle of the lake, an alligator   was getting close. The mother in the house was looking out of the window and saw the two as they got closer and closer together. In great fear, she ran toward the water, shouting to her son as loudly as she could. Hearing her voice, the little boy made a U--turn to swim to his mother. It was too late. Just as he reached her, the alligator reached him. The mother caught her little boy by the arms just as the alligator pulled his legs. That began an unbelievable tug-of-war   between _ . The alligator was much stronger than the mother, but the mother did her best not to let go. A farmer happened to drive by, heard their screams, rushed from his truck and helped them.
Luckily, after weeks and weeks in the hospital, the little boy survived. His legs were seriously scarred by the terrible attack of the animal. And on his arms, were deep scars where his mother's fingernails dug into his arms in her effort to pull the son she loved.
The newspaper reporter, who interviewed the boy, asked if he would show him his scars. The boy lifted the legs. And then, he said to the reporter, "Look at my arms. I have great scars on my arms, too. I have them because my mum wouldn't let go."
The question is: _   was in the middle of the lake.
The possible answers are:
A:An alligator
B:The boy
C:Mother
D:FatherMr. and Mrs. Harris had always spent their summer holidays in a small hotel at the seaside near their hometown. One year, however, Mr.  Harris made a lot of money in his factory, so they decided to go to a foreign country and stay at a really good hotel.
They flew to Paris, and arrived at a 5-star hotel late in the evening. They thought they would have to go to bed hungry, because in that small hotel where they used to stay in the past, no meals were served after seven in the evening. They were surprised to be told that the hotel served dinner until ten.
"Then what are the times of meals?" asked Mrs. Harris.
"Well, Madam, we serve breakfast from seven to eleven, lunch from twelve to three, tea from four to five, and dinner from six to ten."
"But that hardly leaves any time for us to see the city!" said Mrs. Harris.
The question is: How long did the service time for lunch last in the hotel?
The possible answers are:
A:2 hours.
B:4 hours.
C:3 hours .
D:1 hour.Mr. Smith had a hotel near the biggest train station in London. A lot of foreigners stayed there for the night. Mr. Smith only knew English, so he found it not easy for him to understand the people from other countries such as Russia, France and Japan. He thought Russian was boring but Japanese was interesting. So he asked a friend of his who knew Japanese to teach him. He studied hard and happily. At first he learned some, but soon he found that it wasn't easy to remember Japanese words. His friend asked him to write down the useful words on his notebook so that he could use them. He did as he was told. He found it helpful for him to do so.
One evening, there were a lot of people in the dinning room of his hotel. They were all busy eating something, but a Japanese was walking up and down there. He seemed to be waiting for someone. Mr. Smith thought to himself, " Maybe the man is hungry and wants to eat something, but he doesn't know any English. I'll try to help him."
Because Mr. Smith knew only a little Japanese, he had to take out his notebook and showed the sentence " I am very hungry" to the Japanese.
To his surprise, the Japanese took a look at it and gave him two dollars, and then left the hotel.
,.
The question is: Which of the following is WRONG?
The possible answers are:
A:Mr. Smith knew three foreign languages.
B:The Japanese thought Mr. Smith was a man asking for money.
C:The Japanese might be waiting for someone to have supper together.
D:The Japanese might be worried because nobody could understand him.A young man from a village called Nawalapitiya married a young woman from Maiyuwa, a small village. They lived with the man's big family-his parents, his brothers, their wives and children. The family kept an elephant, in which the woman soon took a great interest. Every day she fed it with fruit and sugar.
Three months later, having quarreled with her husband, the woman went back to her parents' home. Soon the elephant refused to eat and work. It appeared to be ill and heartbroken. One morning after several weeks the animal disappeared from the house.
It went to the woman's home. On seeing her, the elephant waved its trunk and touched her with it. The young woman was so moved by the act of the animal .So she went back to her husband's home.
The question is: The woman left her new home   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:to visit her own parents in Maiyuwa
B:to see if the elephant would follow her
C:because she was angry with her husband
D:because she was tired of the large familyIf you want to do a school project on children's rights, you can look on the Internet for some information. A United Nations website can show you plenty of useful information for the project.
The United Nations lists the rights of children. Most countries agree all of them, but some countries do not. The following are some of the most important rights of children:
Children have the right to be properly fed, clothed and sheltered by their family. If their family can't do so, the government should take _ .
Children have the right to an education and medical care, which should be provided by the government.
Children must not be cruelly punished by their parents or any others.
Children have the right to expect the government to protect them from all kinds of abuse and neglect .
No child under fifteen should be made to fight in an army.
Children have the right to be protected from being made to work too hard to make money for other people.
In some countries children do not have these rights. Many young children are made to work long hours in factories and on farms. In some countries there are so few schools that only rich children get an education. There are not enough doctors or nurses to help many children when they are sick.
The rights of children are, therefore, the rights people think children should have. They are not always the rights children really have.
The question is: Some children can't get an education because   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:there aren't enough schools
B:there are no schools
C:they come from rich families
D:they want to work in factoriesIt was the last day of the final exam in a college. Outside the classroom, a group of students were waiting for the last exam. On their faces was confidence.
They knew the exam would be easy. The teacher said they could bring any books or notes during the test.
Right after they came into the classroom. The teacher handed out the papers. There were only five questions on it.
Three hours passed. Then the teacher began to collect the papers. The students no longer looked _ but they looked very nervous. The teacher watched these worried faces, and then asked. "How many of you finished all five questions?" No one answered. "How many of you answered four?" Still no one put up the hand. "Three? Two?" The students moved restlessly in their seats. "One, then? Certainly somebody finished one." But the class kept silent . The teacher said, "That is what I thought. I just want to make you know clearly that you finished four years of study, but there are still many things about the subject you don't know. These questions you could not answer are common  in everyday life." Then, he smiled and said "You will all pass this exam, but it doesn't mean that you learned the subject well. There are still more things for you to learn in your later life."
Now we can't remember the name of this teacher clearly, but we can't forget the lesson he taught us.
The question is: How many students have finished all the five questions?
The possible answers are:
A:All of them.
B:Some of them
C:None of them.
D:Only one of them.Mr. Whitcomb Judson was a really clever man. He invented a special train that was pushed along by air and in 1893 he invented something like a zip  that could be used to open and close clothes. It could be used on men's trousers and on ladies' dresses. He did not call his invention a 'zip' but everybody says that he was the 'Father of the Zip'. Mr. Judson tried to sell his invention but no one wanted it because it did not work very well. A Canadian changed Mr. Judson's invention and made it better. He made a zip that worked very well in 1913.This is the same zip we use today.
The question is: A   _   man changed Mr. Judson's invention and made it better.
The possible answers are:
A:Chinese
B:Canadian
C:German
D:JapaneseMr. Rock has some apple trees in his garden . He looks after them carefully . Now there are very good apples on the trees and Mr. Rock is happy.
This afternoon when he looks out of the window, he sees a boy in one of his apple trees. He is eating the nice apples!
Mr. Rock opens the window and shouts. "Hey! What are you doing there? Come down and go away, or I'll go to see your father!"
"Dad!" the boy looks up and cries , " Mr. Rock wants to see you!"
The question is: Which is right?
The possible answers are:
A:The boy is happy to see Mr. Rock.
B:The boy's father is in the apple tree, too.
C:Mr. Rock knows the boy's father is eating the apples.
D:The boy doesn't like eating apples.When I was growing up, I had an old neighbor, Dr. Gibbs. He didn't look like any doctor I'd ever known. He never invited us to play in his yard, but he was a very kind person.
When Dr. Gibbs wasn't saving lives, he was planting trees. He owned a large field and wanted to make it a forest.
The good doctor had some interesting ideas about planting trees. He never watered his new trees. Once I asked why. He said that watering plants spoiled them, and that if you watered them, each baby tree would grow weaker and weaker, so you had to make things difficult for them and pick out the weaker trees early on.
He talked about how watering trees made for shallow roots, and how trees that weren't watered had to grow deep roots in search of water under the earth by themselves. Deep roots were very important.
So he never watered his trees. He'd planted an oak and, instead of watering it every morning, he'd beat it with a rolled-up newspaper. I asked him why he did that, and he said it was to get the tree's attention.
Dr. Gibbs died several years after I left home. Every now and then, I walked by his house and looked at the trees that I watched him plant about twenty-five years ago. They're very big and strong now. I planted some trees a few years back and carried water to them for whole summer.
After two years of caring too much, whenever a cold wind blows in, they shake a lot.
Every night before I go to bed, I check on my two sons. Mostly I pray that their lives will be easy. But lately I've been thinking that it's time to change my prayer. I know my children are going to face difficulties. There's always cold wind blowing somewhere, so what we need to do is to pray for roots that reach deep into the brave heart, so when the rains fall and the winds blow, we could face it strongly and won't be beaten down.
The question is: We know from the passage the doctor  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:didn't know how to plant trees at all
B:wasn't good at his own medical job
C:had his own ways of planting trees
D:had nothing to do but plant treesEven kids know that we should wait for the traffic light to turn green before crossing a road, but not everybody follows this basic rule.
"Chinese style road crossing" has become a hot expression recently. Chinese people "cross roads without thinking about traffic lights, so long as they are part of a crowd", said a post on Sina Weibo.
A CCTV news program showed that in only an hour, more than 600 people ran red lights when crossing a road in Shijiazhuang, Hebei.
Many people say that they jaywalk   because the red light lasts too long. Such an opinion is supported by a research team at Tongji University.
The team did research on people's waiting times at different road crossings from 2008 to 2010. They found that Chinese people would wait for 70 to 90 seconds before they lost their patience.
"People are likely to run the red light when the waiting time is longer than they can bear  ,"said Ni Ying, a member of the research team.
However, a survey on Sina Weibo shows that nearly half of respondents   believe that people jaywalk mainly because they disregard   rules.
"I always obey  traffic rules. Time is important but safety should come first,"wrote "Qixiaoe"on Weibo.
Many countries give out punishments to jaywalkers. In Singapore, the maximum can be three months in prison. Some Chinese cities have started taking some actions, too. For example, the first three people in a jaywalking group will be fined   50 yuan in Shijiazhuang.
But calling on people to respect rules is more important. "To completely solve the problem, everyone should realize the importance of obeying the traffic rules,"Wang Jianping, a professor at Sichuan University, said to Huaxi Metropolis Daily.
The question is: Why do people jaywalk according to the survey on Sina Weibo?
The possible answers are:
A:Because there are too many people on the road.
B:Because the red light lasts too long.
C:Because people don't pay much attention to rules.
D:Because people have less patience.What will you do if you get 5 million  ? Some people give some different answers.
Sally: I want to do business  . If I am rich, I will do a lot of things for my family. For me nothing is more important than my family. I will buy a new house for them and travel around the world.
Joe: If I have 5 million, I will use the money to do everything I like. At first, I will use 2 million to open my own shop. And I will use another 2 million to buy some new houses. In the future, the houses which I buy will become more expensive,and I will sell them to other people. Finally, I will use 1 million to buy some presents for my family and my best friend.
Anna: If I have 5 million, I will put 3 million in the bank and spend 2 million. I will visit Paris, London and New York. I will eat delicious food, play games, and build a building with a swimming pool.
Jack: I will buy an island if I have 5 million. Then I will be the king of the island nad I will invite my friends to my island.
The question is: Where will Anna visit if she gets 5 million?
The possible answers are:
A:China and japan
B:London, Paris and New York
C:London, Paris and Belgium
D:Angola, Cuba and Inda.One day a man saw a lady on the road. Her car broke down and she needed help.
The man stopped his car and said: "I'm here to help you. You can call me Bryan Anderson." After he fixed the car, the lady wanted to pay him.
But Bryan said no. He said if she really wanted to pay him back, the next time she saw someone who needed help, she could give that person the help he or she needed.
A few miles down the road the lady went into a small cafe. The waitress came over. The lady noticed the waitress was nearly eight months pregnant  , but she never let it change her attitude   when she served   her.
The lady finished her meal and paid with a $100 bill. The waitress went to get the change. When she came back, she found the lady had gone and left a note on a piece of paper: "You don't owe   me anything. Somebody once helped me the way I'm helping you. If you really want to pay me back, here is what you do: Do not let the love end with you."
Under the paper were four more $100 bills.
The waitress was moved. She really needed the money, as the baby would soon arrive. Then she called her husband: "Everything will be all right. I love you, Bryan Anderson."
The question is: What does the writer want to tell us with this story?
The possible answers are:
A:The best way to pay back kindness is to pass it on.
B:The best way to make friends is to help him or her.
C:Everybody should be ready to give a helping hand.
D:Everybody should know how to help others in the right way.Mr. Rock has some apple trees in his garden . He looks after them carefully . Now there are very good apples on the trees and Mr. Rock is happy.
This afternoon when he looks out of the window, he sees a boy in one of his apple trees. He is eating the nice apples!
Mr. Rock opens the window and shouts. "Hey! What are you doing there? Come down and go away, or I'll go to see your father!"
"Dad!" the boy looks up and cries , " Mr. Rock wants to see you!"
The question is: Mr. Rock has some   _   in his garden.
The possible answers are:
A:pear trees
B:banana trees
C:apple trees
D:orange treesWhen was the last time you saw three men running down a forest trail in the rain wearing flip-flops ?That's what my friend Brandon, Josh and I were doing last autumn. We were looking for a waterfall .We didn't have much time to get to the waterfall and back, so we were running. We were wearing flip-flops to prevent our shoes getting dirty.
It was raining, but lightly. It kept us cool as we climbed over giant stones and through a shallow stream. We followed red arrows and crossed that stream several times, walking on toward the promised waterfall. Time was not on our side, however, and we were forced to turn around. As we started back, we looked at the shallow stream we had just crossed. Where did this rushing river come from? That was when we realized a flash flood was around!
In the few minutes the water rose at a fast speed. Now there were no big stones to be seen-only what looked like lumps covered with rushing water. We had no choice but to move our way back carefully in the rushing water -in flip-flops. We had crossed the stream not once or twice, but six times in search of a waterfall that we never even reached!
With most of the crossings, we needed each other's help if we didn't want to be washed away by water. Wet all over, we felt relaxed after we made the last crossing.
"My dad always told me to keep off a river when travelling in the rain." Josh said as we hurried back down the path.
"Why didn't you tell us that earlier?" I laughed.
"Would it have made a difference?" came the reply.
He had a point.
The question is: Why were there no big stones to be seen in the stream when they came back?
The possible answers are:
A:The big stones were moved away by someone else.
B:They were running too fast to notice the big stones.
C:The big stones were covered with rushing water.
D:The big stones were washed away by rushing water.There are seabirds as well as land-birds. The most ordinary seabird is the seagull. It has a white body, a white head and a yellow beak. There is a very, very spot of red at the very end of the beak, underneath. All gulls have very strong wings so that they can fly far out to sea. If a gull flies out too far, so that it is too tired to fly back to the shore , it does not get frightened, for it can sit and rest upon the waves . A seagull's wings do not get wet because all its feathers have a kind of oil over them, so that when the water gets on to the feathers, it just runs off again. Gulls can even sleep upon the waves.
Sailors  know a lot about seagulls and they never kill them. When the gulls fly a long way out to sea, sailors say that it means fine weather is coming. When the gulls stay near the shore, sailors say they there will be much wind and rain, and perhaps a storm, for the gulls know more about the weather than sailors do.
The question is: If seagulls stay near the shore, it will be   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:windy, rainy or stormy
B:sunny and hot
C:fine and warm
D:freezing coldThoughts on Shenzhen Airport Traffic Accident
March 1 was a very sad day for everyone.
On that day a huge traffic accident happened at the Shenzhen Airport. Nine people lost their lives and 23 people were injured. For those people, it was a night- mare!
To learn a lesson, we must know who caused the accident and why.
The answer looks obvious. It's the car owner's fault because she drove her car into the people. However, is that true? Is that her fault? What about the dead and injured people? Did they have their own faults as well? The answer is yes.
According to news reports, at that time, many people were standing in the turning section of the viaduct watching the airplanes take off and land. Suddenly, a car appeared. Maybe the car owner got nervous, so she mistakenly stamped on the accelerator instead of the brake pedal, which caused the accident.
In my opinion, of course the driver should be blamed because she caused the accident. However, for those dead and injured people, although we feel sorry for them, they have their own responsibilities as well. They should have been aware of their own safety. They shouldn't have been standing in a dangerous place to watch the airplanes take off and land.
The question is: Which of the following shows the writer's feeling about this accident?
The possible answers are:
A:Angry.
B:Happy.
C:Sad.
D:Sorry.Do you have any friends? What do you think of friendship ? Here are some opinions from Ann,Pedro,Crystal and Roy.
Ann comes from Japan!She likes to have friends who really care about her. She thinks a true friend won't leave her alone when she is in trouble. Besides,she hopes they can teach her English.
Pedro is from Canada. He thinks that friendship means giving. If you want others to care about you,you must care about them first.
Crystal was born in China. She has the same opinion with Pedro. The real meaning of friendship is giving others something instead of thinking about taking anything back.
What about Roy from Japan? He doesn't care about the looks of his friends. In his opinion,a sincere heart   is more important than looks. If you are in the same country with Roy,you can write emails to him.
The question is: Ann wants to have friends who   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:have lots of money
B:have good looks
C:like to give gifts to others
D:can help her with her EnglishDick was driving a large American car. As soon as the race started, he pulled out in front. As the race went on, he kept the first place. And he was far ahead of Wilson, the man in the second place.
When the race was almost over, some people stood up and left. "Why did stay?" they thought. They were sure they knew who would win.
But things did not go as they thought. A strange noise came from Dick's car. It slowed down. Something was wrong. Dick knew his car would not go far. His only hope was that he would make it to the finish. But on his last lap , the car stopped. Wilson's car roared   by. Dick saw it go by. He knew he could not win now. "But I can finish the race," he thought. And he got out of his car. So did his assistant. They began to push the car to the finish.
Wilson went by them again and again. He was on his last lap. He was going to win. Dick and his friend did not care. They went on pushing.
At first, all eyes were on Wilson. He crossed the line. And the race was over. He won! Dick and his friend pushed on. At last, the car crossed the line. By then all the people shouted for them. They shouted more than they did for Wilson. This was a different kind of winner!
The question is: Why Dick's car stopped on his last lap? Because  _   .
The possible answers are:
A:he wanted to have a rest
B:he wanted to have a drink
C:there is something wrong with him
D:there is something wrong with his car.We know good manners are important. Today I am going to tell you something about manners in different countries. I think you already know that people in different countries usually have different ways of doing things. Something that is rude in one country may be quite polite in another. For example, in Britain you mustn't lift your bowl to your mouth when you are having liquid food. That is considered bad manners in Britain. But in Japan you needn't worry about making a noise when you drink something. It shows that you are enjoying it. In Britain we try not to put our hands on the table at all during a meal. In Mexico, however, guests are expected to keep their hands on the table _ a meal. In Arabic countries we must be careful with our hands. You see, in Arabic countries you mustn't eat with your left hand. This is considered to be very impolite. So, what should you do if you visit a foreign country? Well, you needn't worry. You can ask the native people there to help you and you can just watch carefully and try to do what they do.
The question is: Which of the following is true?
The possible answers are:
A:In different countries, the manners are the same.
B:Different manners in different countries.
C:Good manners are not important.
D:In Arabic countries we mustn't be careful with our hands.Have you ever complained that life is so tiring or that there is too much homework? Does the sky sometimes seem dark to you? Are your studies sometimes not successful? Well, friends, cheer up and smile all the time. If you look at the world with a warm heart, you will find that the whole world smiles at you.
While in school, sometimes you are tired of your lessons, but have you noticed the happy smile on your teacher's face when you do a good job?
If one day it is fine, but just before you go out, it suddenly starts to rain. Maybe you would feel very sad and start complaining about the weather. Dear friends, why don't you sit down and listen to the free concert that the nature offers you? Also with the timely rain, crops in the fields will grow better and better and farmers will have a good harvest.
Although everyone wants to succeed in what he tries to do, sometimes failure can't be avoided. I think failure is not terrible. The terrible thing is that we are afraid of it and give up hope. When we face failure, we must be confident of ourselves, draw a useful lesson from it and try our best to finish what we have decided to do. As a popular saying goes, "Failure is the mother of the success."
Attitude decides everything, with an _ attitude life is easy and pleasant. Let's smile at whatever we meet and the whole world will smiles at us.
,.
The question is: When we face failure,  we   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:mustn't be confident
B:should be afraid of everything
C:shouldn't give up hope
D:must lose heartNo one knew how to study when he or she was born. You need to learn to do some things first. Then it will be easy for you to learn and do well in class.
Pay Attention in Class
Paying attention is good for learning. It can help you know what your teacher says, and it will help you learn more and faster.
Take Good Notes
Taking good notes can make it easier to study. Be sure to write down all the important things that your teacher says or writes on the blackboard, and then read them after class.
Plan Ahead 
Don't study on Thursday night  for Friday's test . Planning ahead can help you get good points. You can plan what to do and how much to do each day.
Ask For Help
What should you do if you are _ about something? Be sure to ask your teacher for help. You can also ask some other people, like your classmates and your mom or dad.[:Zxxk.Com]
The question is: These pieces advice can   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:help us pass all the exams
B:help us become cleverer
C:make it easier for us to learn
D:make us stronger and healthier.When this story happened, they were working around a very large house. Their job was to do the cleaning. It was not a difficult job, but sometimes it was a little dangerous, because they had to walk below where workmen were working. Often these workmen dropped something from the top of the house many meters high to the ground.
One morning Joe was working near the house with a cigarette behind one of his ears. Suddenly somebody on the top shouted, "Look out!" But Joe did not "look out". He looked up. And as he did so, a long knife missed Joe's head, but it cut off one of his ears. At once he put his hand to one side of his head and cried out, "I've lost an ear. Help! Help!"
Jeff ran up to help his friend. "Look for my ear," Joe told him. "It must be on the ground somewhere." Jeff looked everywhere for the missing ear. At last he found an ear on the ground. He picked it up and carried it to Joe. "Here you are," he said, "I've found it." Joe looked at it. "No, that's not my ear." he said, "Mine had a cigarette behind it."
The question is: Which is the most possible title for this passage?
The possible answers are:
A:A Lost Ear
B:A Busy Cleaner
C:A Falling Knife
D:A forgetful ManMy grandparents have two sons and one daughter. They are my uncle, my aunt and my father. My uncle, Peter, is a doctor. He likes fish and chicken a lot. He has a son and two daughters. I like playing with them. My aunt, Mary, is a teacher. She teaches in No. 5 High School. All the students there love her. My father, Thomas, is a driver. My mother is a doctor. She likes fish and hamburgers very much. I have a sister, Rose. She is 8 years old. Her favorite food is fish. I love my family very much.
The question is: _   like fish very much.
The possible answers are:
A:Rose, Mary and Peter
B:Rose's cousins and Rose's mother
C:Rose's mother, Peter and Rose
D:Thomas, Rose and PeterWhat do you think of singing? If you love it, you will like the TV show Don't Forget the Lyrics. It is a popular singing show in America. This program started from July 11th, 2007.
So how does this new singing show work? The _ need to have much knowledge  of lyrics. In the show, the contestants have to sing the songs with right lyrics. When he finishes a song with wrong lyrics, he can't sing again. If he finishes all ten songs with right lyrics, he is the winner and he can get a very good prize.
You may say, "I can't sing well, but I remember many lyrics of beautiful songs. Can I join it?"
Don't worry!
The show says, "You don't have to sing it well. You just have to sing it right." Every music lover can join it.
The question is: When did Don't Forget the Lyrics come out?
The possible answers are:
A:In the year 2000.
B:In the year 2005.
C:In the year 2007.
D:In the year 2010.Jack had an unusual experience last night. He is sharing it with his friends. Ken and May.
Ken: What were you doing, Jack? What did you see?
Jack: It was half past nine last night and I was getting ready for bed. I heard some strange noise outside while I was brushing my teeth. I wondered what was happening and I went to the window and looked out. To my surprise, I saw a bright yellow green light in the sky.
May: Maybe the light you saw was a UFO! Or a ghost! A few years ago, an American man saw a flying saucer  while he was driving along a road. He also saw some strange yellow light. You have heard about it, haven't you?
Ken: Don't be imaginative, May. Jack didn't see anything, or anybody. It wasn't a ghost. It was probably a plane, or a shooting star. Perhaps Jack just made a horrible dream!
Jack: I am very serious. I did see something. The light disappeared and then suddenly some "tiny people" were standing in the garden. There were four of them. Two of them ate some flowers in the garden.
Ken: Oh, come on, Jack. I really doubt what you have said.
Jack: I am not joking! One of the people was looking at me through the window.
May: Really? What did it look like? Were you frightened?
Jack: Its whole body was green. It had no ears and nose. Its hands were huge. Its eyes were very big and looked like eggs. It looked at me and I could hardly move.
Ken: What happened then?
Jack: I was able to move _ . I ran and got my camera at once.
May: And?
Jack: I didn't have a film.
May: Oh no!
The question is: Ken suggested that Jack   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:saw a ghost last night
B:possibly had a dream last night
C:met a UFO last night
D:was telling them something seriousWhen William Stidger taught at Boston University, he once thought about the people he hadn't thanked in his life. They taught him, encouraged him or cared a lot about him.
One was a teacher. She once taught William geography, and William loved geography all his life. So he wrote a letter of thanks to her.
He got the teacher's letter later. It began, "My dear Willie." He was very happy. Now over 50, he didn't think someone would call him "Willie". Here is that letter.
My dear Willie,
I can't tell you how much your letter meant to me. I am in my eighties, living alone in a small room and cooking my own meals. You will be interested to know that I taught school for 50 years and yours is the first letter of appreciation I ever got. It came on a cold morning and it made me feel very warm.
...
William cried when he read the letter. She was one of the people that William hadn't thanked in his past. She helped him to believe in himself. He would never forget her.
There are some people we should always remember, because they helped to shape our life. William Stidger found a way to show his appreciation--he wrote them letters.
Who are some of the people that you need to say thank you to in your past? It may not be too late to say "Thanks".
The question is: What can we learn about the teacher?
The possible answers are:
A:She was over 80 years old.
B:She lived with her children.
C:She taught geography for 40 years.
D:She got the letter on a warm afternoon.Mr. Jones opened a shop in Aston to sell writing-paper, pencils and things like that. During the first month, very few people visited his shop. He sold little,and he could see that he was going to lose money.
One night,Mr.Jones sat bay the fire and was worried after another very bad day. Suddenly he got an idea. He found a piece of wood and wrote to the following notice on it in big letters:
"WHAT DO YOU THINK I GIVE AWAY PENCILS AND PAPER AND INK"
He put up the notice in front of the shop window before he went to bed. He slept better than usual that night.
The following day, many people came to the shop. Mr. Jones said good morning to them all with a bright smile and asked the frist woman what she wanted.
She chose some writing paper and a pencil. As soon as he put them on her hands, she turned to leave the shop.
"That will be thirty cents ,please," he said.
"Why?" she asked in surprise.
"That's the price of the paper and the pencil."
"But your notice says it's free," she replied.
"Oh no," he said, "how can I make any money if everything is free?"
She took him outside and showed him the notice "It is wrong,too,"she said. "where is the question mark after the word 'think'?"
"There isn't a question mark,"he said.
"But there should be one ."
"I'm afraid you've made a mistake," Mr.Jones said."You have read my notice in the wrong way."
"Not at all," said the woman. "It is quite easy to read. It says: What do you think? I give away pencils and paper and ink!"
"No," Mr.Jones said. "You should read it like this: _ And the answer to the question is: Certainly not! So you really have to pay me thirty cents, you see."
The question is: How did Mr.Jones most probably fell that night.?
The possible answers are:
A:Confident.
B:Guilty.
C:Nervous.
D:Worried.Information for New Members
Welcome to Banktown Bushwalking   Club! Here are some things you need to know:
Most walks are in faraway places. You need to take enough food and water for a full day of activity on each walk. This is the most important thing to remember.
Wear good lace-up shoes, because you need to do some climbing sometimes.
Each walk has a grade. If you haven't been bushwalking before, we suggest that you start with an easy walk- Grade 1 or 2. If you have been bushwalking before, then a Grade 3 walk may be suitable.
All beginners need to call or e-mail the leader of an activity 48 hours before the start of the activity. They need to make sure that you are fit and able to finish the activity as planned.
Membership fees  for a year:
$35 for an adult over 18 years old.
If a family joins the club, fees will be lower. $55 for the parents and $10 for each child between the ages of 5 and 18.
The question is: A person who hasn't been bushwalking before should choose a   _   walk.
The possible answers are:
A:Grade 1 or 2
B:Grade 3
C:Grade 4
D:Grade 5Chinese government has decided to give up the rules of food with no checking .According to the Xinhua News, from September 17th , 2008, Chinese government decided to give up the rules of food with no checking. Many people said yes to it. The officer said that these days, the food safety accident about children milk of Sanlu made the government decide to give it up. In order to keep the food safe and people healthy, Chinese government said that all the food must be checked. The rule of food with no checking made in 1999 was given up from that day.
"I think if the companies get the food with no checking, they will never check their food. It gives them the chance of making the food of poor quality," an old man said in the shop. " I hope our government not only gives it up, but also makes some strong rules to manage the companies," a young woman told us. " The important point is our government should send officers to the companies and check their food every time," a shop owner said. A young expert of food safety said, " The department of government should take the food from the shop or supermarket and check, not ask them to send. In that way, we can get the real checking."
But in order to keep people's health, the government asks the officers to check all the food before they are sent to the shop or supermarket. That means all the food must be checked before they are sold.
The question is: According to the officer's idea, all the food   _   before they are sold.
The possible answers are:
A:must be checked
B:must be stored
C:must be handed in
D:can be stored for a long timeVenice  is the Queen of the Adriatic Sea .Every year many people visit the city. Why do they go there? Because Venice is a beautiful city. There aren't any roads in the city, so there aren't any cars or buses. There are a lot of canals.  People go up and down the canals in boats. But Venice is going down, and water is going up. In 2040 Venice will be under the water. The Adriatic Sea will cover the city. But the people in Venice love the city and want to stay there. How can they stay there?
The question is: Every year the Adriatic Sea  _  and Venice  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:is going down; is going up
B:is going up; is going down
C:is going up; is going up
D:is going down; is going downLiu Yingying is a student at No. 17 Middle School in Shanghai. She is 14 years old. She likes English and she often   reads English books at home. She can speak English well and write many English words. She likes speaking English with her classmates and teachers at school. Her teachers like her. Liu Yingying likes music and she can play the piano. She often practises   it at home in the morning.
Liu Yingying has a happy family. Her father is a worker in a car factory and her mother is a hotel manager. Her father likes sports . His favourite sport is table tennis. Her mother likes sports, too. But she likes swimming. What about Liu Yingying? She likes playing tennis.
The question is: What sport does Liu Yingying's mother like?
The possible answers are:
A:Basketball.
B:Tennis.
C:Table tennis.
D:Swimming.Mr and Mrs Green live in a big city  , and one summer they go to the country   for their holiday. They enjoy it very much, because it is a quiet  , clean place.
One day,they are going for a walk in the morning and they meet an old man. He lives on a farm   and he is sitting in the warm sun in front of his house. Mr Green asks him, "Do you like to live in this place?"
The old man says, "Yes,I do." Mr Green asks again, "What are the good things about it?" The old man answers, "Well,the people here know each other. They often come and visit me,and I often go and visit them. And there are also lots of children here."
Mr Green says, "That's very interesting. But what are the bad things?"
The old man thinks and thinks and then says, "Well, the same things, really!"
The question is: The people in that place are very  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:old
B:quiet
C:nice
D:cleverMr Robin had his house in a tree.
His four baby robins lived in it. They grew very fast. Soon the house was too little for them.
"It is time for you to fly," said Mr Robin.
"Oh, we can not fly," said the baby robins.
"You can, if you try, " said Mr Robin.
A robin tried. He flew into a tree.
"Oh, how interesting!" said the little robin. "I like to fly. See me go!"
Then the other robins tried.
In a little while they could all fly.
The robins could fly, but they could not sing.
"No, Dad, we can not sing."
"You can, if you try. Hear the other birds sing. Look at the pretty flowers and the blue sky. Then you will want to sing. Hear me sing to you. Now sing for me."
One little robin sang.
Then they all sang.
A little girl came by. "Wow, hear the birds sing!" she said. "How happy they are!"
The question is: What did Mr Robin ask his babies to do first?
The possible answers are:
A:To fly.
B:To jump.
C:To look for food.
D:To build houses.In our life,we may meet people with different personalities .What is your personality type ?Read about the following and find out!
A Dreamer thinks there is a"right"way to do things.This person wants to live in the"perfect world".Many are good listeners and like to help others.Many Dreamers work as teachers,and often lead others.Famous Dreamers:Mohandas Gandhi,Angelina Jolie.
A Partner wants to be in a group.For this person,rules are important.They consider tradition to be of great value.Partners are often serious,careful people.Many do well as teachers,managers and police officers.Famous Partners:Queen Elizabeth II,Mother Teresa.
For Thinkers,understanding things is very important.They like to deal with problems and make new things.Thinkers can also be active.They like to win.They have very strong opinions.Many Thinkers work as scientists,inventors and engineers.Famous Thinkers:Bill Gates,Stephen Hawking.
Artists want to be free.They don't want to follow the rules all the time.They also like trying new things.Like Thinkers,many Artists have strong opinions.They are creative and do well as musicians and actors.Famous Artists:Cristiano Ronaldo,Madonna.
The question is: How many personality types are mentioned in the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:Three.
B:Four.
C:Five.
D:Six.Teenagers shouldn't eat too much junk food.
Teenagers shouldn't eat food with too much salt. Salt can cause high blood pressure in the future.
Teenagers should eat food with less fat, oil and sugar.
Teenagers need to eat some fruits and vegetables every day. Fruits and vegetates are rich in vitamins and have little fat.
Teenagers need to drink more milk. Milk will help their bones grow.
Teenagers need to eat breakfast every day. This is good for their bodies and minds.
The question is: According to the doctors' advice, what does junk food include?
The possible answers are:
A:Milk and vitamins.
B:Fruits and sugar
C:Vegetables and salt.
D:Fat, oil , salt and sugar.A long time ago, there was a man. He wanted to buy a pair of new shoes. He measured  his feet with a straw ,and then went to a shoe shop in town.
The shopkeeper took out a pair of new shoes, and let him try it on. But when he looked into his pocket, he found that the straw was not there. So he said, "I'm sorry, I forgot to bring the size  here! Let me go home to get it." After that, he ran out of the shop. It was very far from his home to the shoe shop. When he got back home, he was out of breath.
With a straw in his hand, he hurried to the shoe shop again. But the shop was closed.
Someone near the man said, "Your feet are with you. Why don't you try which pair of shoes fits ? And why do you believe your straw, but not your feet?"
The question is: Why did he go back to his home?  Because   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:he left the straw home
B:he had something to do at home
C:the shop was closed
D:he didn't take money with himEvery child has his own dream. Every child hopes to be an adult. However, is it truly like what they imagine? As a boy who lives in modern times and in a modern city, I feel greater pressure  on me with the city's development. Although we seldom worry about money, we still have a lot of things such as competition among classmates and expectations from parents. These experiences are very helpful to our future. But in fact they really give me a lot of pressure. I still clearly remembered the happiness of my childhood. Unluckily, we had to face the fact with time passing by. We began to feel this invisible  pressure come upon us. We get up before sunrise and return after sunset. We work and study like an adult, even harder. What we do is to get an excellent mark. Oh, growing up is completely boring. We must try to find happiness while growing up. I think the friendship among our friends, the support from our parents and the encouragement among our teachers can help us. Why not enjoy the pleasure of growing up?
The question is: Which of the following statements is NOT right?
The possible answers are:
A:Every child hopes to be an adult.
B:The writer thinks that he works and studies like an adult.
C:The competition among classmates give children greater pressure.
D:The expectation from parents seldom brings children worries.Everyone knows that there's not enough land in Hong Kong. If you go there by air, you will land at Kai Tak Airport. It was built out into the sea. It is in the part of Hong Kong called Kowloon. Kowloon is one of the two big islands in Hong Kong.
The other island is Hong Kong itself. You can get there by ship or through a tunnel   under the sea.
The population of Hong Kong is more than six million. Chinese and English are spoken by many people there. Clothes, computers, radios, televisions are made in Hong Kong. It is a shopping center. You can buy all kinds of things there.
Hong Kong is also a beautiful city. It is a good place for traveling. People from all over the world visit Hong Kong every year. You can watch dog-racing and motor-racing there. When you are hot and tired, you may rest in the small cool gardens. There are also a lot of tall buildings with comfortable rooms to live in. If you enjoy eating out, you can easily find a good place for delicious food. Foods of different flavors   are served in Hong Kong.
The question is: Where was Kai Tak Airport built?
The possible answers are:
A:It was built out into the sea.
B:It was built out into the lake.
C:It was built out into the river.
D:It was built out into the pool.I think all of us should know it's necessary to have breakfast. It's one of the most important meals of the day. If you want to keep fit, you should have a good breakfast. Choosing the right food is also important. For it, you may have bread, eggs and milk.
But in fact, many students go to school without breakfast. This does harm to their health. Maybe they say they have no time because it's too late or their parents are too busy to prepare breakfast for them.
What will happen to the students on an empty stomach ? Because of no energy, they can't keep active. They may not grow fast. When they feel hungry, they are not able to study well and they have no energy to play well, either. What's worse , they will spend more time getting better once they fall ill.
Therefore , we shouldn't go to school without breakfast, no matter what reason it is.
The question is: Which is TRUE according to the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:Many students go to school after breakfast.
B:Breakfast is not one of the most important meals.
C:Eating no breakfast is bad for the students.
D:The student with an empty stomach will study better.Trains have long been an important form of transportation. Yet they have changed a lot since 1804, when the first train moved at 8 km/hr. Today's high speed trains can go 300 km/hr or faster. Besides their speed, they have many advantages over other transportation types.
Japan built the world's first high speed railway. In 1964, Japan's "Shinkansen" trains started traveling between Osaka and Tokyo at 200 km/hr. Over time, more lines, as well as faster trains, were built.
Korea, England, and the USA, now have their own high speed systems. Taiwan Province's started running in 2007. Its trains are based on two types of Shinkansen trains. They can carry 989 people and travel from Taipei to Kaohsiung in less than two hours.
These systems are expensive to build, but they have many advantages. For example, they are good for the environment. Trains on the London to Paris line create 1/10 the pollution that planes create. High speed trains are also safer and cleaner than cars.
Super fast trains can even help a country's economy . They make it easier to travel to faraway places. That helps businesses and land values in those areas. It's no wonder so many countries are building their own high speed railways.
The question is: According to the passage, high speed trains   _   than planes.
The possible answers are:
A:are cheaper
B:are safer and cleaner
C:make traveling easier
D:cause less pollutionIt is easy for us to tell who our family members are, but do plants recognize  their own family? Some do, scientists say, according to a report by Science News in early 2010.
Guillermo P. Murphy and Susan Dudley are two plant scientists from McMaster University in Hamilton, Canada. They did a few experiments with Jewelweeds, a kind of flower that grows in wet, shady spots. They found that the flowers seem to know their own flower family. In their experiments, Murphy and Dudley planted jewelweeds in pots with either _ or strangers.
When jewelweeds were planted in pots with strangers, the plants started to grow more leaves than if they had been planted alone. This response suggests that plants are competing with strangers for sunlight, since a plant with more leaves can receive more light and make more food. Jewelweeds usually grow in the shade, where sunlight is not enough.
When jewelweed seedlings were planted with siblings, they grew a few more branches than they usually would if they were alone - but they did not start growing lots of extra leaves. This behavior suggests the plants are more likely to share resources, rather than compete.
According to the Science News report, Jewelweeds are not the first plants that plant scientists have studied for family recognition. In 2007, Dudley and her team studied the Great Lakes sea rocket, a plant that grows on the beach - where it may be hard to get fresh water. In that experiment, the scientists found that when sea rockets were planted with siblings, they tolerated each other. But when they were planted with strangers, the sea rockets reacted by working extra hard to grow lots of roots.
Dudley says this just because sea rockets, on the beach, get plenty of sun but struggle for water - so when they're threatened, they compete for water. Jewelweeds have plenty of water but have to compete for sunshine, so they grow more leaves.
The question is: In the text, the writer mentioned the experiments of Jewelweeds to  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:make a comparison
B:introduce a topic
C:describe a pretty flower
D:build a new theoryOne day Mrs Black visited her family doctor, Mr Dodd. Mr Dodd was an old funny man with a beard. "What's the problem ?" the doctor asked her. "I am very worried about my son, Jake," Mrs Black said, "I can't stop him from betting. He spends all his money betting on horse races. And even worse he'll bet on everything. It doesn't matter what it is." The doctor said, "I've saved many people from gambling before. Send him to me."
The next day Mrs Black sent her son to see the doctor. While they were talking , the boy was looking at the doctor's beard. Suddenly he said, "I bet you $ 50 that your beard is not a real one." "Oh, no, " the doctor said. "Can I pull your beard and find out ?" the boy said. The doctor thought this is a good way to teach him a lesson; so he said, "Ok, if my beard is real , you will have to pay me $ 50." The boy pulled it and soon found out it was real. The doctor laughed.
Two days later the doctor telephoned Mrs Black, "I think I've saved your son." He told her the story. But Mrs Black said, "You're wrong. You've made him worse." "How can that be ?" the doctor asked . "Before he went to see you, he bet me $ 100 that you would ask him to pull your beard !"
,.
The question is: Why did Mrs Black ask Mr Dodd to help her ?
The possible answers are:
A:Because Mr Dodd was Mrs Black's friend.
B:Because Mr Dodd was a funny man.
C:Because Jake believed Mr Dodd.
D:Because Mr Dodd was Mrs Black's family doctor.If we are asked exactly what we were doing a year ago, we should probably have to say that we could not remember. But if we had kept a book and had written it in an account  of what we did each day, we should be able to give an answer to the question.
It is the same in history. Many things have been forgotten because we don't have written account of them. Sometimes men did keep a record of the important happenings in their country, but it was often destroyed  by fire or in a war. Sometimes there was never any written record at all because the people of that time and place did not know how to write. For example, we know a great deal about the people who lived in China 4,000 years ago, because they could write and leave written records for those who lived after them. But we know almost nothing about the people who lived even 200 years ago in central Africa because they had not learnt to write.
Sometimes, even if the people cannot write, they may know something of the past. They have heard about it from older people and often songs and dances and stories have been made about the most important happenings, and those have been sung and acted and told for many generations , for most people are proud to tell what their fathers did in the past. This we may call "remembered history". Some of it has been written history because words are much more easily changed when used again and again in speech than when copied in writing. But where there are no written records, such spoken stories are often helpful.
The question is: The passage suggests  that we could have learnt much more about our past than we do now if the ancient people had   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:kept a record of every past event
B:not burnt their written records in wars
C:told the exact stories of the most important happenings
D:made more songs and dancesJohn is an American boy. His family is in China now. John likes chocolates  very much. But his mother doesn't give him any. She thinks they are not good for him. But John has a very nice grandfather. The old man loves him very much,  and sometimes he buys John some chocolates. Then his mother lets John eat them. She wants to make the old man happy. One Sunday evening John says in his room,  "Please,  God  . Make them give me a big box of chocolates tomorrow. It's my eighth birthday. " His mother says,"God can't hear you,  my boy. " "I know,  but my grandfather is in the next room. He can hear. "
The question is: Who sometimes buy some chocolates for John?
The possible answers are:
A:His mother.
B:God.
C:His grandfather.
D:Himself.More than 700 years ago, Scotland was fighting with England. The King of England wanted to control Scotland. He had a strong army so it was difficult for the Scots to fight. They lost many times. King Robert of Scotland had to run from the English army.
One rainy day, King Robert lay in a cave  . He thought that he was not good enough to be a king. He was so worried that he didn't even see a spider near him. He looked up when he saw the spider climbing. It was trying to climb up to its web at the top of the cave but it fell down.
"How sad!" thought King Robert. "The spider is like me. It's not strong enough."
He watched while the spider tried again. It fell down a second time.
"Be careful little spider, or you might die," he said. "Life is so hard. You'll never
get back to your web." But the spider tried again and again. King Robert watched while it slowly climbed back to its web. After an hour, the spider got to the web.
"You are such a great spider," he said. "If you can keep trying, I can too. I must carry on fighting. I won't let the English win." Then his army grew strong and they stopped the English army successfully.
The question is: Where was the spider's web?
The possible answers are:
A:On the wall of the cave.
B:At the entrance of the cave.
C:In the middle of the cave.
D:At the top of the cave.Henry was born in a small town. His father has a factory. One night the man drank too much and drove his car home. On his way he drove fast and suddenly his car fell into the river and he died in the accident. The old man left his son much money and the factory. But the man spent all the money in nearly three years and at last he had to sell the factory for food and clothes. Another three years passed and he wanted to find work but he couldn't do anything. Nobody would use a man like him.
The young man thought and thought. At last he found a way. He began to beg  from door to door. Most people in the town knew him well and few of them had a pity  on him. So he was often hungry. He had to leave the town and came to Toronto. In the city he began to pretend  that he couldn't speak. So he could beg some money and food.
One day Henry was begging by the station when he met Mr. Cook, one of his father's friends. The man asked, "How long have you been dumb , Henry?"
The sudden question made the young man burst out , "since I was born!"
The question is: _  , so he had to leave for Toronto.
The possible answers are:
A:Henry hoped to beg in the city
B:The people in the town were poor
C:Most people in the town knew Henry
D:Henry couldn't beg enough food for himselfThe Petit Appetit Cookbook
List Price: $35.00   Price: $23.10   You save: $11.90(34% off)
Product Description: Fresh, healthy meals that give little mouths something to smile about...In the Petit Appetit Cookbook, mother and professional cook Lisa Barnes offers healthy foods to help create delicious menus and bagin a lifetime of proper eating habits for babies and very young children.
Everyday Raw Express (Paperback)
List Price: $19.99   Price: $13.57   You Save: $6.42(32% off)
Product Description: Many people love eating raw food, but often the recipes take hours or even a period of several days to prepare. Everyday Raw Express offers delicious soups and smoothies, pastas and desserts, all prepared in 30 minutes or less.
If You Give a Dog a Donut (Hardcover)
Reading Level: Ages 4--8   List Price: $16.99   Price: $10.10   You Save: $6.80(40% off)
Product Description: If you give a dog a donut, he'll ask for some apple juice to go with it. When you give him the juice, he'll drink it all up. Then, before you can say "Woof!" ...Dog is off on a backyard adventure!
Good Night Sun Hello Moon (Board Book)
Reading Level: Ages 4--8   List Price: $10.99   Price: $9.34   You Save: $1.65
Book Description: Bedtime is a special time and this beautiful book will be a special part of saying goodnight. As kids turn the page, a little bit of the sun goes away and a little piece of the moon appears. The sweet story about a little bunny who doesn't want to go to bed will help send little ones off to sleep night after night.
Where the Wild Things Are (Hardcover)
Reading Level: Ages 4--above   List Price: $16.95   Price: $11.53   You Save: $5.42
Book Description: Max, a boy who feels misunderstood at home, as he sets out in a small boat, finding new worlds across the sea. He lands on the amazing island of the wild things, a place where being a beast isn't a bad thing. The wild things make Max their king, but he sails back to his own room where he finds his mother and his supper waiting for him.
The question is: From the introduction of Where the Wild Things Are, it can be inferred that   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:Max doesn't love his mother, nor does his mother
B:Max's mother loves him, so does Max
C:Max doesn't like the wild things, so he comes back home
D:Max doesn't get along well with the wild things.There is a new shopping mall  near my school. It is very big. There are five floors  of shops and each floor is very big. There are lots of clothes shops, but only one sports shop. There are lots of restaurants  on the top  floor, you can eat different kinds of food from different countries . I like going to see a movie. The mall is a really good place to go. It is a good place to meet friends.
The question is: How many sports shop are there in the mall?
The possible answers are:
A:only one
B:about two
C:two
D:threeWhen it rains, do your shoes get wet? Of course they do! But you can buy these pretty red and white "Umbrella for Shoes". They keep the rain off wet.
Who sweeps the floor at your home? Do you do it yourself? Perhaps your mother does it. Well, now you just need a cat. Get a cat and buy these four "Dusters  for Cats ".
You talk too long on the phone, don't you? Most teenagers do! Save time - buy the "Telephone Dumb-bell  "! It weighs five kilos. Then your calls will be less than five minutes.
Do your friends sometimes come up behind you and make you jump? Do cars come around the corner when you try to cross the road? Well, you can solve that problem with these modern "Forward - backward Glasses." Look forward with the right eye and back with the left.
The question is: From the text, we know that cats can help mother to   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:do some housework
B:keep the rain off
C:speak on the phone
D:look for somethingAt noon the rush hour had passed. There were few guests   in the snack bar. It was not crowded. When the boss was about to take a break to read a newspaper, in came an old lady and a little boy.
"How much money is a bowl of beef soup?" the grandma sat down, counted the money in her purse and ordered a bowl of beef soup. The grandma pushed the bowl to the little boy, who swallowed   his saliva  , looking at his grandma and saying, "Grandma, did you really have lunch?" "Of course." His grandma chewed   a piece of radish   slowly. Very quickly, the little boy ate up the meal.
Seeing this. the boss went over to them and said, "Old lady, congratulations, you are lucky to have the free food, for you are our 100th guest."
Afterwards, over a month or more, one day, the small boy squatted   across the snack bar, where he seemed to be counting something, which shocked the boss when he happened to look out office window.
When the small boy saw a guest walk into the snack bar, he would put a small stone into the circle he drew, but the lunch time had almost passed, the small stones he put into the circle were hardly 50.
The boss was quite worried and called up all his old guests. The guests started coming one after another.
"81, 82, 83... " the small boy counted faster and faster. At last, when the 99th small stone was put into the circle, the little boy hurried to pull his grandma's hand and went into the snack bar.
"Grandma, this time it's on me," the little boy said proudly. The grandma who had become the real 100th guest was served a bowl of beef soup by her grandson. As his grandma as before, the little boy chewed a piece of radish in his mouth.
The question is: Why did the boy put the small stones into the circle he drew?
The possible answers are:
A:He played games with his friends.
B:He was asked to count the guests for the boss.
C:He wanted to get the free beef soup for his grandma.
D:He only wanted to know the number of the small stones.Jenny gets up early in the morning. She has her breakfast and then goes to school. She walks to the bus stop and takes a bus. She gets to school at about half past seven. Jenny is never late for school. She likes her school and works hard. Classes begin at 8:00. She has six classes every day. Jenny is good at all her lessons, and she likes English best. Usually Jenny has lunch at school. She goes home at five in the afternoon. Sometimes, she helps her friends with their lessons. After supper she usually watches TV news. Then she does her homework. She goes to bed at about 9:30. Jenny is a good girl.
The question is: What does Jenny sometimes do after school?
The possible answers are:
A:She has supper with her classmates at school
B:She helps her friends with their lessons.
C:She does some shopping for her mother.
D:She goes home with her friends.Mr. Jackson is a teacher of science in a middle school. His students like his classes because his classes are very interesting. They can learn a lot in his class. The students can make many things. His little son Val also likes making things. He makes lots of machines , such as a machine like a man. It can do the job that is dangerous for people to do. He says, "I want to be a scientist."
,.
The question is: Does little Val like making things?
The possible answers are:
A:No, he doesn't.
B:No, she doesn't.
C:Yes, he does.
D:Yes, he doesn't.The new bookHarry Potter and the Half-Bloodis warmly welcomed by the children in China. It sells well across China. You can see and hear the advertisements about the book here and there.
Why is the book so attractive   to children? After reading it, I was attracted by the magic world. I can not help asking: where is our ownHarry Potter?
China has a long history and colorful culture. With a large market of teenagers, China published   many popular books among children. However, why are the present books not as good as those foreign ones?
Firstly, quiet a number of children's are of strong sense of teaching, and they have little interest. Reading them, children often have a feeling of being "educated". Certainly, they don't like them. Secondly, fewer children like the same stories, but most Chinese books are usually much the same. One knows the ending as early as in the beginning. Finally, the writers seldom think about children's needs.
 _ for children should be interesting, and written in their language.
The question is: Harry Potteris so popular, because   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:it's the same as Chinese books
B:it can lead children into a wonderful world
C:it's not written in children's language
D:it's advertised more often on TV or postersCBC Canada ,  CTV News
A group of Canadian kids are spreading a bit of Christmas spirit in Halifax, Nova Scotia, by covering warm clothes around light poles   for the city's homeless people to pick up and use. _ was such an unusual sight that locals stopped to take pictures to share on social media  .
Every year, Tara Atkins-Smith collects warm clothes from her community in order to help the less lucky. This year, since the family was traveling to Halifax with their daughter Jayda and seven of her friends to celebrate her 8thbirthday Tara thought it was the perfect time to teach the chidren a valuable life lesson.
The kids spent time handing out coats to the homeless and tied the rest around light poles for others to pick up. Each of the clothes had a tag that read, "I am not lost. If you are caught in the cold, please take me to keep warm. " According to Tara, the experience helped the children better understand the difficult situation of homeless people, who have to brave the cold winter on the streets. "When we got back in the car after an hour on the street, they were all freezing cold and crying for the heater   to be on because they were cold , " she said.
By next morning, all the jackets, gloves, and scarves on the poles were gone. Photos of the inspriring project have been shared about 8, 000 times on Facebook, and have got over10,000 likes. Tara, who did something similar in Toronto in December last year, says she's already planning next year's coat drive. She hopes that the meaningful thing can spread around the world, and she also wants to add $5 fast food gift card so that the homeless people can also enjoy a hot meal.
"We've got help from others when we were in need, and we knew how great it made us feel," said Zackary Atkins, Tara's husband.
The question is: According to the passage, which of the following is TRUE?
The possible answers are:
A:Tara celebrated her daughter's 8th birthday at home.
B:The children felt too cold to hand out clothes.
C:No one took away the clothes on the light polcs.
D:Tara is planning to do more to help homclcss people.The human body is a living machine, and, like all machines, it needs "fuel" to supply it with energy. This is provided by the food we eat. But how much do we need to stay healthy?
The energy value of food is usually measured in calories . A calorie is the amount of heat required to raise the temperature of 1 kg of water by 1degC. The number of calories people need per day is different, as the picture shows. Also, the number of calories you use at any one moment normally depends on the activity you are in. For example, you need more calories for standing than for sitting, more for running than for walking, and so on.
The energy in food is in the form of three kinds of chemical materials--carbohydrate , protein  and fat. Carbohydrate provides 3.8 Cal /gm of the energy, protein 4.0 Cal/gm, and fat 8.8 Cal/gm. Each food contains different amounts of these materials, as the round pictures show.
(P= protein      C= carbohydrate    F=fat)
The question is: This passage mainly tells us   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:all the energy is in food
B:the human body needs energy
C:the number of calories depends on your activity
D:we must only eat peanuts to get caloriesNews One: The first quantum communications satellite  developed by China is expected to launch  in July of this year. It means that a quantum communications network will be formed, and quantum communication between the satellite and the ground will be achieved for the first time anywhere in the world.
News Two: Shanghai Disney Resort  opened in a trial run  last week to prepare for its official opening on June 16. A one-day visit to the resort for a family of three will cost at least 2,600 yuan, which covers entrance ticket and three meals as well as shopping, while a two-day trip will cost no less than 6,000 yuan in total, which is too expensive for most visitors.
News Three: More and more people get interested in running. The number of runners is increasing, and the economics  of running is growing with it. Runners are always going to need shoes and they are always going to be looking for races. Both of these markets have just developed during the past 30 years or more.
News Four: Overweight students at Nanjing Agricultural University are having a special sports course. The more weight they lose, the higher marks they will get. The course is not for everyone, but just for the students who needs to lose weight to keep healthy. There are 3 or 4 specially designed sports classes every week and each class lasts 90 minutes.
The question is: How much will it cost a family of three for a day in Shanghai Disney Resort?   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:Less than 2,600
B:More than 2,600
C:Less than 6,000
D:More than 6,000I was quite close to my grandmother, Julia. We lived with her and then she lived with us. She was a very nice person, both kind and patient. She taught me to read and write when I was young and helped me to be interested in stories and poems.
In my mind, my grandmother was a great tailor. She made clothes or toys better than anything you can buy in a shop today. She always made clothes for family and friends.
My grandmother was also a hard worker both at home and at work. I can still remember the difficult time when we were very poor. At that time, my grandmother was already sixty years old but she worked in a hospital for a long time every day--not in the office but doing the cleaning outside and taking care of me at the same time while my mom was at work!
My brother and sisters also love her. We will never forget our grandmother. She is really important in our lives and is always there for all of us in one way or another. I am proud to be her grandson.
The question is: At the age of 60, his grandmother  _  in a hospital for a long time every day.
The possible answers are:
A:made fine toys
B:worked in the office
C:did the cleaning
D:stayed with his motherThe story below is a true story that happened in September.
During the month of September, a dear friend of mine lost her husband suddenly in an accident. The _ was a great shock to everyone.
This accident was sudden and certainly unexpected. It made me realize the fact that you just don't know when a loved one is no longer going to be with you. We sometimes take our loved ones for granted ,and we expect that they will be with us all the time. However, as we all know, life does not work that way and sometimes we get a wake-up call that shocks us and makes us stand back and realize how short life is.
To cheer her up, I tried to imagine if I were in her shoes how I would feel. It was impossible to imagine what she was going through. What words could I say to help her?Sometimes words just can't express our feelings. Sometimes our actions are much more meaningful than words. So I gave her a hug ...
Life is too short, and we should treasure  every day staying with our loved ones.
The question is: The writer's friend lost her husband   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:in spring
B:in summer
C:in autumn
D:in winterThis is the twin's bedroom. The two beds looks the same . This bed is Wang Lei's. It is near the window. That one is Wang Fang's. It's behind the door. The twins have one desk and two chairs. Their clock, books and pencils are on the desk. Their schoolbags are on the chairs. Wang Lei's shirt is on his bed. On Wang Fang's bed there is her skirt. It's yellow. The room isn't big, but nice.
The question is: The bedroom is   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:not big but new
B:new
C:nice
D:big and niceLittle Tom likes cartoons very much .When the cartoons begin on TV, he does nothing until they' re over. Sometimes he'd rather wait for a long time and go to bed late. In the morning his mother has to wake him up, or he will be late for school.
Yesterday Tom heard there would be an interesting cartoon today. This morning, as soon as he got up, he turned the television, but didn't receive the programme. He had to have breakfast and then went to school. After school he ran home while his mother was cooking supper in the kitchen  . He hurried to the sitting room and turned on the television again, but he couldn't find the cartoon. He rushed into the kitchen and asked his mother to help.
"It's only five now," said the woman. "Your programme will be after supper."
"Well, let's have supper right now!"
The question is: Tom   _  ,so he turned on the television after getting up this morning .
The possible answers are:
A:thought he had some time left
B:didn't know when the cartoon would begin
C:wanted to know the important news
D:hoped to watch TV playLife in Britain
Homes and families
Many British people live in Houses, not apartments. Most houses have gardens.
Daily life
Most office workers start work at about nine in the morning, and finish at about five or six in the afternoon. Most people don't go home for lunch, and they just have a quick meal.
School life
Children start school at about nine am, and finish at about three thirty pm. Most children have lunch at school. All children go to school when they are four or five years old, and leave when they are sixteen or seventeen.
Shops
Most shops open at about nine am and close at about six pm. Usually, they don't close for lunch.
The question is: Most office workers and school children don't have lunch   _   .
The possible answers are:
A:in the garden
B:in the shop
C:at home
D:at schoolIf you like adventurous  cartoons, then Koala Kid is the movie for you.
Koala Kid tells us a story of a white koala named Johnny. It lives in a community  of the gray koalas. He is not confident  because of his color. But he thinks he has special talents. So the goes on a magic trip.
On his trip he meets Miranda, Hamish and Lokie. And they become friends. They fight with their wits  against Bog.
I think this movie tells us: whatever   you look like, you can become a hero.
I give the movie five stars. It is a great movie for ages six and up. Because there are some scary parts in the movie, I wouldn't recommend  it to kids under the age of six.
,.
The question is: How many friends does Johnny make on his trip?
The possible answers are:
A:One.
B:Two.
C:Three.
D:Four.There are four people in Simon's family. They have different habits.
* Simon's father is a doctor. He works in a hospital. He likes reading books very much. There are many books in his bedroom. He doesn't like going to the cinema.
* Simon's mother is a music teacher. She likes listening to music, but she has no time to go to concerts.
* Simon's brother is seven years old. He likes watching cartoons. He usually watches cartoons when his parents aren't at home.
* Simon is a middle school student. He likes playing football. He often plays football with his friends after school. He likes playing computer games at home. But he doesn't like watching TV.
The question is: Simon's mother doesn't have time to   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:go to the cinema
B:go to concerts
C:do the housework
D:play gamesIn China, there're many different kinds of foods. Some of them are very popular. The most popular Chinese food is dumplings. Now let me tell you something about them.
Almost everyone in China likes dumplings very much, and there are many different kinds of dumplings. Some have meat and vegetables in them. Some have eggs in them. I like dumplings with vegetables and pork better than any other kinds.
Usually we make dumplings at home. If we have no time to make them, we can buy them from supermarket. Then we can take them home and eat them with _ .
Spring Festival is very important in China. When it comes, we make dumplings. Usually we put a coin in a dumpling. It is said that one will be lucky in the year if he eats the dumpling with the coin.
In the old days, people couldn't often eat dumplings, because they were very poor. Now the condition has changed a lot, so people can eat dumplings usually.
,. (2,10)
The question is: The writer likes dumplings with   _   best.
The possible answers are:
A:meat
B:seafood
C:vegetables and pork
D:vegetables and beefMicrosoft founder Bill Gates has talked about to be a good parent, saying that 13 is a right age for a child's first mobile phone. The 57-year-old father of three said on the Today show that his children Jennifer and Rory were not allowed phones until their thirteen birthday and his youngest daughter Phoebe is still waiting for one.
"We've made a rule in our family that it's 13 when you get a phone." He also said as a resulthischild often returned homefromschool complaining, "All the other kids have it, I'm the only without it, it's so embarrassing."
Asked if he keeps passwords   to his son and daughters' e-mail and Facebook accounts  . Mr Gates said that he doesn't for Jennifer, 16, who he says is "old enough".
Besides their wealth Mr and Mrs Gates ,who live in Lake Medina, have said they want to raise
their three children as usually as possible. It is said that their kids have to do housework at home after school and aren't given much pocket money.
And in 2010Mr Gates said that he wanted to give most of his $61 billion away rather than hand it down. "That wouldn't be good either for my kids or society," he said.
Mr Gates left Microsoft in 2008 to put his heart to charity. During the Today interview with host Matt Lauer, he said that helping others made him feel happy as creating software.
" What you really feel is what you've achieved. If a piece of software gets out there and lots of people love it--it lets them get their work down in better ways--that's exciting." he replied.
The question is: What's the passage mainly about?
The possible answers are:
A:Bill Gate's school life
B:How Bill Gates is working for charity.
C:Bill gate's work in Microsoft
D:How Mr and Mrs Gates raise their childrenWhen I was small, my grandmother died. I was so sad that I had no tears. But that night when my dad tried to cheer me up, my laugh turned into crying.
So it came as no surprise to learn that scientists believe crying and laughing come from the same part of the brain. Just as laughing has many health advantages, scientists are discovering that so, too, does crying.
Whatever it takes for us to _ pressure is important to our emotional   health, and a study found that 85 percent of women and 73 percent of men report feeling better after crying.
Besides, tears attract help from other people. Researchers agree that when we cry, people around us become kinder and friendly and they are more ready to provide support and comfort. Tears also enable us to understand our emotions better; sometimes we don't even know we're very sad until we cry. We learn about our emotions through crying, and then we can deal with them.
Just as crying can be healthy, not crying - holding back tears of anger, pain or suffering - can be bad for physical   health. Studies have shown that too much control of emotions can lead to high blood pressure and heart problems. If you have a health problem, doctors will certainly not ask you to cry. But when you feel like crying, don't fight it. It's a natural -and healthy-emotional response  .
The question is: Which of the following is TRUE according to the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:Women cry more than men.
B:When you cry, people will care about you more.
C:Laughing has many health disadvantages.
D:Crying is bad for your health.Tony has always loved going to the beach. He spends as much time there as he can. It was a bright, sunny day. The beach was full by the time Tony and his mum got there. It seemed  that  everyone had the same idea today. When they found a spot , Tony sat down and began to relax.
Soon Tony noticed something strange. There was an empty water bottle in the sand. Then, a paper bag was blowing down by the water. People had littered all over the beach!
Tony was mad. His mum explained that a lot of people littered  instead of using garbage cans . If Tony wanted to stop it, he would have to work to save the beach.
He worked hard. Tony got a group to help clean up. He put up signs saying" _ " and got his town to add more garbage cans in the area. Most of all, he let people know how bad littering is for the environment.
Tony   worked hard to make a difference!
The question is: What did the signs that Tony put up say?
The possible answers are:
A:No swimming.
B:No Food or Drinks.
C:No Dancing.
D:No Littering.These are Cara and Ben. They are twins  . They are twelve. This is their bedroom. It's a nice room. There are two beds in the room. The yellow bed is Cara's and that green one is Ben's. The twins have one desk and two chairs. The chairs look the same. Cara's sweater is on his bed. Ben's coat is on his chair. Their clock, books and pencil-boxes are on the desk. Their schoolbags are behind the chairs.
The question is: Cara and Ben are   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:brother and sister
B:brothers
C:sisters
D:friendsHave you ever been to Qingdao, a beautiful seaside city in the southeast of Shandong Province? There is the blue sea and clear air there. And it is also one of the most beautiful cities in China.
Qingdao has the largest bathing beach in Asia. It holds Qingdao International Beer Festival  every year. There are many interesting places to visit in Qingdao. But Qingdao beaches are the most fantastic places.
There are nine beaches in Qingdao. No 1 Beach is the largest one, but it is not the best beach because there are too many rocks there and the sand is not the most beautiful. The best beach in Qingdao is No. 6 Beach. And it is also the longest of all the beaches and has beautiful yellow sand.
There are also a few interesting things you can do near the beaches, such as visiting Lu Xun Park, eating sea food in a restaurant or visiting Qingdao Polar Ocean World.
Many People prefer to visit Qingdao Polar Ocean World. There you can see lots of animals from the sea, such as whales, dolphins, seals, sea lions and polar bears. It's so great and interesting that every year lots of people, especially children must come here when they visit Qingdao.
The question is: What is the best title for the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:Welcome to Qingdao International Beer Festival.
B:Qingdao--a beautiful seaside city.
C:Welcome to Qingdao beaches.
D:Traveling to Qingdao.We live in the computer age. People use computers to do much of their work, such as playing games, listening to music, shopping and so on. But few people know how to take care of them. Please remember the following when you use your computer:
1.Keep your computer in a dry cool room. Too much heat is bad for computers.
2. Do not smoke near your computer. Smoking is also bad for them.
3. Do not drink or eat near computers. A little water and pieces of food in the keyboard are also bad for a computer.
4. Keep your screen clean and do not have it too bright. They are bad for your eyes. Make sure the screen is not too far or too near your eyes when you use a computer.
The question is: Where should computers be put?
The possible answers are:
A:Five.
B:Seven.
C:Thirty-five.
D:Forty.Nancy and Sheila are in the same class. They are friends. Nancy wants to invite Sheila to dinner on Sunday. But Sheila doesn't know the way. Now Nancy is telling her.
"It's easy. You can take No. 4 bus. After you get off at Red Road. cross it and take the first turning on the left. Walk along the road for about five minutes. and then you'll see a big tree. Go straight on for about a hundred meters. and you will see a big red house. This is not my home. Go past the big house about four hundred meters. and you'll see a small yellow house beside a little tree. Then you can open the door with your foot."
"With my foot?" asks Sheila. "Why?"
"Well. you won't come to my house empty-handed , will you?"  answers Nancy.
The question is: Where is Nancy's house?
The possible answers are:
A:It's beside a big red house.
B:It's beside a little tree.
C:It's on the right side of Red Road.
D:It's behind a small yellow house.There is one language, and people, young and old , men and women, use it very often, in every country in the world. It is everyone's second language . You can't hear it, but it is very easy to understand . It is sign ( )language.
When you wave to a friend in the street, you are using sign language. When you put up your hand in class, you are saying "Please ask me, I think I know the right answer". When a police officer wants to stop cars or buses, he puts up his hand. He's using sign language. Churchill's famous "V  for Victory "is also sign language. Sign language is useful in quite places full of noise  . Even when you are swimming with your friends , you can have a talk under water.
The question is: In a noisy place the best way to talk is to  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:speak louder
B:use sign language
C:speak in a low voice
D:stop the noiseWe can see them every day, on every street corner, on every construction site   in cities. They work day and night in the terrible working conditions and weather. They build the roads, the theaters, the cinemas, and the supermarkets. They're China's _ .
More than 140 million workers have left their homes to look for job in cities. They hope to be rich, but they realize they have many problems making money. And one of the problems is the pride and discrimination   from the people in cities.
When night falls, I can see the sad faces of the migrant workers everywhere. You can see them playing cards along the streets. Many are living far away from where they are.
I can sometimes feel their pain, knowing exactly what it feels like to live so far away from home in a city where I walk a different walk and talk a different talk.
Yes, they dress differently and speak differently. Different habits, but they work hard. The people in cities regard them as outsiders, and most governments refuse to give them medical care and public schooling for their children.
So many things need to be changed. The first is discrimination! They may not make as much money as some people in cities, they may not have everything we have, but they are honest. They are very important and necessary to China's economic development and have become an important force for the change of Chinese society. They're building the new China. So we should help them with our hands.
The question is: Which one is WRONG about China's migrant workers?
The possible answers are:
A:They should be helped by us.
B:More than 1.4 billion migrant workers have been in cities.
C:They are not welcomed by the people in cities.
D:They are refused to give medical care by the governments.To stay healthy sometimes isn't difficult.
Have a healthy lifestyle. It's the best way to have a good lifestyle with family. When your family do the same activity, you can _ each other to keep going. If you make your family enjoy doing exercise and eating healthily, you can also be healthy.
When you go shopping, buy healthy food. Buy more vegetables and fruit. Try different kinds of healthy food and try to eat at home every day. But many people like eating out for fun.  If you are eating out, try to eat healthy food.
Don't think of having food as a fun activity. It's good for us to do many fun activities around food. For example, we may often meet our friends for lunch. In fact, there are many other activities you can do with friends. How about meeting friends for a sports game? You can eat, but the activity doesn't have to focus on food.
Looking after your health should not be boring. Start now!
The question is: According to the passage, many people often  _  for fun.
The possible answers are:
A:play games
B:go out to eat
C:do sports
D:make callsFor some people, it's easy to get dressed for work. Pilots and police officers, for example, don't have to make decisions about their work clothes. They wear uniforms to work every day.
For many office workers, however, it is more difficult to choose clothes for work. They do not wear uniforms to the office. Also, many organizations are changing their _ . They are allowing their employees to wear casual  clothes to work.
The change to casual work clothes began in the 1990s. At first, many companies in the United States allowed employees to wear casual clothes on one day of the week--Friday. Friday became "Casual Friday" or "Dress-down Friday". Today, however, many companies are allowing their employees to wear casual clothes every day of the week.
Some studies show that people are producing and achieving more when they are wearing comfortable clothes. Some companies also like the casual dress code because they don't need to buy special clothes for work. They can save money this way.
Unfortunately, a casual dress code can also cause problems. Sometimes employees think they can wear anything. Many companies have rules about casual clothes. They list the kinds of clothes that are not "business-casual" clothes. Blue jeans, sandals, and sportswear are examples of clothes that are usually too casual for the office.
The question is: Why do some companies agree to the casual dress code?
The possible answers are:
A:They don't need to buy special clothes for work.
B:It is difficult for them to choose clothes for work.
C:They don't like the same uniforms.
D:It is easy for them to make decisions about work clothes.The Legend of Bruce Lee was a very popular TV play. The surprising life of Brue Lee came to the small screen in the play. The play followed the 32 vears of Bruce Lee's life, from his hard young age to his experience in the U.S.A. and his movie-making life.
Lee was born in San Francisco, California, and grew up in Hong Kong. He loved his motherland China and Chinese kung fu. His Hong Kong and Hollywood films were quite different from the traditional kung fu films. He started a new kung fu film age. Because of his films, the west began to show great interest in Chinese culture. He affected Chinese kung fu and Chinese kung fu films in Hong Kong and the rest of the world. Lee showed Chinese national pride( )in his movies.
The question is: Which of the following is TRUE according to this article?
The possible answers are:
A:The play showed Bruce Lee's surprising life.
B:Bruce Lee's motherland was the United States.
C:Bruce Lee showed people Chinese people's hard work in his movies.
D:Bruce Lee's kung fu films affected all the films around the "world.We send our children to school to prepare them for the time when they will be big and will have to work for themselves.They learn their own language so that they will be able to tell others clearly what they want and what they know,and understand what others tell them.They learn foreign languages in order to be able to understand the people from other countries and make themselves understood.They learn history to know something about human beings they meet every day.What they learn at school is,of course,quite useful,but is that the only reason  why they go to school?
No.There is more in education than just learning facts.We go to school,above all,to learn how to learn,so that when we have left school,we can continue to learn.A man who really knows how to learn will always be successful,because whenever he has to do something new,he will quickly teach himself how to do it in the best way.The uneducated person,on the other hand,is either unable to do something new,or does it badly.So the purpose of school is not just to teach the students these useful subjects but teach the way to learn.
The question is: Why do they learn languages?Because they will  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:make friends with others
B:be able to speak to and hear others clearly
C:be able to understand others
D:make themselves understoodThere are also two big elephants and a baby. Children like to ride on one of them. The elephants are very kind and friendly. They eat much grass and bananas.
In the zoo, we can see different kinds of bears, brown bears, black bears and white bears. They are all slow and clumsy  . They stand on their back legs and lift   their front legs to ask for food . They like cakes very much.
Do you like pandas? There's only one in the zoo . Her name is LIngling. She is very cute. She likes eating bamboo  a lot . She is kind of shy. She's very interesting.
The question is: There are   _   elephants in the zoo .
The possible answers are:
A:one
B:two
C:three
D:fourIn kindergarten  your idea of a good friend was the person who let you have the red crayon when all that was left was the ugly black one.
In first grade your idea of a good friend was the person who went to the bathroom with you and held your hand as you walked through the scary halls.
In second grade your idea of a good friend was the person who helped you stand up to the class bully .
In third grade your idea of a good friend was the person who shared their lunch with you when you forgot yours on the bus.
In fourth grade your idea of a good friend was the person who was willing to _ square dancing partners in gym so you wouldn't have to be stuck with Nasty Nicky or Smelly Susan.
In fifth grade your idea of a friend was the person who saved a seat on the back of the bus for you.
In sixth grade your idea of a friend was the person who went up to Nicky or Susan , your new crush  and asked them to dance with you, so that if they said no you wouldn't have to be embarrassed.
In seventh grade your idea of a friend was the person who let you copy the social studies homework from the night before that you had forgotten to do.
In eighth grade your idea of a good friend was the person who helped you pack up your stuffed animals and old baseball, but didn't laugh at you when you finished and broke out into tears.
In ninth grade your idea of a good friend was the person who would go to a party held by a senior so you wouldn't end up being the only freshman  there.
The question is: The main idea of the passage is that   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:Everyone needs friends in his life
B:Friends are important in our daily life
C:We need the same friends no matter how old we are
D:We need different friends in our different life stagesLong ago there was a man with the name Smith. He made a living by making caps. One day he went to sell his caps. He went through a forest. There were many monkeys in it. It was very hot. The man is very tired and wanted to have a rest. He came up to a large tree, put his caps on the ground, took one of them and put it on his head. Then he lay down and soon fell asleep.
"Where are my caps?" Smith cried when he woke up.He looked up and saw many monkeys in the tree and each monkey had a cap on its head.
"Give me back my caps!" the man shouted at the monkeys.But the monkeys didn't understand him.They only laughed.The man got angry,took off his own cap,threw it on the ground and cried,"If you want all my caps,you may take this one,too!"
And what do you think happened?The little animals did the same. Each monkey took off its cap and threw it on the ground. The man was very glad. He quickly collected all his caps and went on his way.
The question is: At last the monkeys threw the caps on the ground because   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:they took pity on him
B:the man had got angry
C:they didn't like the caps
D:they liked to do the same as the man didChina is a nation with a rich culture in handwriting. "Even though the computer is widely used today, Chinese people should not forget the skill of writing with hands," said a Chinese government official .
Nowadays, the computer has become a very useful tool to help people to write. As people use computers more often than before, many people have forgotten how to write Chinese characters  . People often make a lot of mistakes in writing.
At present, China is trying to help pupils and teachers to improve their writing with the help of information technology. With the technology, it is hoped that teachers can write their teaching contents   on the blackboard and students can _ by writing, too.
The Chinese character test shows that nowadays, many college students' handwriting has become worse. Many college students do not know how to compose   words or sentences in Chinese character in the right way. Not only kids, many adults also have met the same problem. They might be able to tell the general form of a certain character. However, if you ask them to spell out the character in detail  , they can't. On the other hand, they can easily type out the character on a computer.
In the national language teaching course, we can solve this problem with the use of certain technologies. Actually, apart from technology, there is a lot that we can do. For example, we may ask students to finish their homework by writing with hands instead of typing.
The question is: The problem of college students' handwriting is that   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:they don't know how to write a Chinese character in the right way
B:they only know how to type out the character on a computer
C:they can write correctly with the help of information technology
D:they don't know how to make up words or sentences in Chinese characters correctlyIn the 1500s, South American fishermen said that the sea became warmer every few years. They gave this special event a Spanish name 'El Nino', meaning 'the baby'. It is called 'the baby' because it arrives around Christmas.
El Nino is a huge area of warm water in the middle of cold water in the Pacific Ocean. It happens every two to seven years. It moves around the ocean and becomes bigger and smaller at different times. This warm water affects the weather. It is always raining over El Nino. El Nino contains a lot of energy. Scientists think this energy is formed when wind comes from the northern half of the world. The winds blow across warm sea water in the south. When the strong wind hits the warm water, violent weather happens. Scientists think that El Nino existed for many thousands of years.
El Nino affects every person in the world because it affects the entire world's weather. It can bring the rain that farmers need. It can bring storms that destroy homes. It can mean that fishermen cannot catch fish, and it can bring floods. There is nothing we can do about El Nino. It is an event of nature. We can help the world's weather by trying to stop the greenhouse effect and air pollution. The most important job for scientists is to learn how to predict when El Nino is going to bring dangerous weather. Then, people can try to prepare for storms, floods and droughts. New technology like satellite pictures and temperature measuring equipment can help. Still, it is very hard to say when or where El Nino will cause damage.
The question is: El Nino   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:makes the weather better
B:affects the weather
C:gives the weather energy
D:predicts the weatherOn the way back from work every evening, more often than not there would be a homeless man standing at the exit of the freeway  . He looked to be in his late 40s but was probably a lot younger. He had shoulder length straight black hair and a short beard.
Every day after work I would remember to gather any spare change, and put it aside to give to him if I saw him. A feeling of joy would come over me every time I saw him, while coming off the ramp  . So did he. Sometimes the red light would be on for a minute and we would ask each other about our day. His answer would always be the same, "I'm blessed!"
Then one day I was called into my boss's office and was told that I was being laid off. For the rest of that day all I could think of was "how am I going to provide for my kids as a mother, how am I going to pay rent?"
Needless to say that on my way home that day I was very sad and upset. I didn't remember to look for my spare change and keep it ready like I usually did. Yet there he was as always, as I turned the ramp. He set his eyes on me, while still smiling and waving at others as usual.
While I was waiting for the red light to turn, he strolled   over to my car. He had a big smile. He looked at me straight in the eyes and said, "Today I will give you a dollar." He then reached into his pocket and pulled out a dollar bill.
You see that day he taught me a valuable lesson more than a dollar bill. No matter what material things are taken from you, no one can take away your choice to be joyful. Every time I'm faced with challenges, I think of the homeless man's valuable lesson and remember that I am blessed.
The question is: The homeless man gave the writer a dollar because_.
The possible answers are:
A:he had collected a lot of money
B:he wanted to pay back her
C:he knew what she experienced
D:he wanted her to be happyDo you have a good memory? Maybe you remember better than all of your friends. But even if you have a short-term memory, it's better than a chimpanzee's , right? Well, you may be wrong.
Tetsuro Matszawa, a scientist from Kyoto University, Japan has showed how chimps have far better memories than humans. "We learn that chimps have great memories by doing tests," he told The Guardian "You can do things to improve your memory."
How do chimps have better memories than us? Scientists tested four chimps and human volunteers. They showed them five numbers on a computer screen. Chimps and human volunteers had to remember the numbers correctly. But to make it hard, the numbers disappeared  after seven tenths of a second. Then they will reduce  the time to two tenths of a second. While humans began to make mistake after mistake, the young chimps still did very well.
Why do they have better memories? We share 98.8 percent of our DNA with chimps. But during evolution , we lost some of our shared abilities. As humans learned new skills, like language, we had to lose some of our memory skills to make room in our brains. "To get something, we had to lose something," said the scientist.
Chimps need good memories to survive . When a chimp looks up at the big tree and pick a banana, he must remember where he saw it as he fights off competition from other animals.
The question is: What did the scientist's study find?
The possible answers are:
A:Chimps can remember all of their friends.
B:Chimps have better memories than humans.
C:Chimps do things to improve their memories.
D:Chimps can do many things better than humans.There was once a young mouse that lived in a hole in a wall. One day, the young mouse woke up from his sleep and looked out of the hole. As he looked out, a fantastic smell came to his nose. "Cheese!" the mouse said happily to himself. "I'll go and get it now and have it for breakfast."
But then he remembered his parents' words. His parents were very clever mice and often said to their son, "Always wait before you go for a piece of cheese."
So the young mouse waited quietly. Then he heard a quiet "Miaow" and he knew the cat was there. He stayed in the hole and said to himself, "I'm glad I listened to my parents and learned to wait."
The next day, he looked out again. He put his nose out of the hole, and the beautiful smell of cheese came to his nose again. He could see the cheese. It was only a few centimetres away. But he sat still and waited quietly. This time he did not hear any cat's noise. Instead he heard a very quiet "Woof, woof."
"It's a dog!" he thought. "If the dog is there, the cat won't be there. I expect the dog has chased the cat away, so I'm safe." The mouse ran out of the hole and started eating the cheese. He did not see the cat, which caught him and ate him.
When the cat finished her meal, she said to herself, "I'm glad I listened to my parents and learned a second language."
The question is: How did the young mouse know the cat was there?
The possible answers are:
A:He heard the cat.
B:He saw the cat.
C:He smelt the cat.
D:He knew the cat.There has never been a better time than now to buy a new piece of technology,  such as a computer. Technology usually starts out at a high price, but as time goes by it goes down in price. Now I've found that many new products are at good prices from the st art.There is no question about it This is a buyers' market for sure.!
Also, as shopping on the Internet gets saf er , more people are trying to buy things in that way.The Net is where buyers can save money if they know of a few money-saving sites. The first things that a person should do is to compare the prices online stores.Sites such as pricesgrabber.com, techbargains.com, nextag.com and street prices.com will help you decide which store has the lowest price.The differences can be $500-$1000.
Remember that many stores also have large discounts   on many things at certain times of the year. But I'd rather sit in front of my computer in my comfortable chair of going shopping in crowded places
The question is: If you want to buy a computer online,What should you do before you buy one ?  _
The possible answers are:
A:Bargain first, then make a decision.
B:Search different online stores and buy a good one
C:Choose one and compare the prices at different online stores
D:Look for many online stores to find out whether you can a fford it* You'll never be good at Maths.
It's generally accepted that boys are good at Maths and girls aren't. The fact is that it isn't true.
When girls reach their teens, most of them lose their interest in Maths. They think they are females. They want to stay away from things that are boys' things, and Maths is still thought of to be a boy's thing. The Maths class is hard, but if you give it a chance, you could be great at Maths, especially because you are a girl.
* Being skinny is good.
Lots of websites tell visitors that losing interest in eating is a beautiful thing. They are lying. Losing interest in eating is a disease, not a healthy thing. It can kill you.
* You are not supposed to make as much money as a guy.
It's said that in 2014 women who work full-time earn about 23 percent less than guys earn. Once you see real women successful in cool jobs, you'll truly get that you're worth just as much or more than any guys.
* Caffeine   will help you study better.
Caffeinated soft drinks have long been advertised as must-haves for women when you have to work very hard. But if you want to do your body a big favor, you'd better give up caffeine.
The question is: Supposing in 2014 a man earns $20,000, how much may a woman doing the same job get?
The possible answers are:
A:About $20,000.
B:About $25,000.
C:About $10,000.
D:About $15,000.When I was in college, I remember hearing about a book titled "Looking Out for Number One". I never read the book, but the title has always stuck with me. I think it was because the title _ I hadn't been taught to be so selfish that I should be focused on only me . I thought I needed to be helping others and, along the way, I would also be helping myself. Now, I realize I should have at least considered learning more about looking out for number one.
Over 30 years after seeing the book about looking out for number one I'm realizing number one, me, is the person I should be concerned about first. Jeffrey Gitomer asks the question, "Who is the most important person in the world?" Most people answer, the customer. He then asks, if there were only two people left in the world, the customer and you, who would you want to survive ? Now the answer is me.
It makes me sense that if we can't help ourselves first, we will never be prepared to help others. We all need to learn to control our lives and make the best decisions for ourselves. That will put us in a position to help others in the future . But many of us are slow to understand this.
It has been said that happiness will bring success, but success doesn't always bring happiness. We all want to be happy and successful. For some of us can be very happy when our basic needs are met and our family are safe. Others will seek high levels of success thinking that will bring happiness. I'm sure we can think of a person who is very successful, according to the world's standards  , but they don't appear to be happy at all. This is because they have been so busy working for somebody else's goals that they haven't considered their own needs.
The question is: Why do some successful people not feel happy at all?
The possible answers are:
A:Because they don't believe success always brings happiness.
B:Because their basic needs are not completely met.
C:Because they seek for too high levels of success.
D:Because they haven't been working for their own goals.There was a famous church in London. It was 110 meters high. The center of the church was like a bell. The ceiling of the church was painted by a famous artist. A platform  was built so that the artist could put up the ladder on it and paint the ceiling. The platform was about 70 meters over the ground.
One day the artist was working hard and had nearly finished one popular corner of the ceiling. _ Suddenly, his assistant shouted, picked up a small bowl of paint and started to paint the artist's work on the top. The artist was very angry and rushed forwards to stop him.
"What do you think you are doing?" he shouted angrily. "Are you mad?" His assistant replied, "I saw you walking backwards to have a better look at your painting. But you didn't notice that you had reached the very edge of the platform. You were in great danger. I wanted to make you move forwards. If I had not made you run forwards, you would have fallen backwards off the edge of the platform.
The question is: The story happened in   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:America
B:France
C:German
D:EnglandWhat will you do if you get 5 million  ? Some people give some different answers.
Sally: I want to do business  . If I am rich, I will do a lot of things for my family. For me nothing is more important than my family. I will buy a new house for them and travel around the world.
Joe: If I have 5 million, I will use the money to do everything I like. At first, I will use 2 million to open my own shop. And I will use another 2 million to buy some new houses. In the future, the houses which I buy will become more expensive,and I will sell them to other people. Finally, I will use 1 million to buy some presents for my family and my best friend.
Anna: If I have 5 million, I will put 3 million in the bank and spend 2 million. I will visit Paris, London and New York. I will eat delicious food, play games, and build a building with a swimming pool.
Jack: I will buy an island if I have 5 million. Then I will be the king of the island nad I will invite my friends to my island.
The question is: What will Joe do with the last 1 million if he gets 5 million?
The possible answers are:
A:He will buy some new houses
B:He will open his own shop
C:He will buy some presents for his family and his best friend
D:He will build a building.Good evening, ladies and gentlemen. I'm Roy Darby, and this is my show. This is a television show for all the families and I know you're going to enjoy it.
Let's start with a story I heard the other day about a very proud pig. This pig lived on a farm with a lot of other animals. And of all the animals on the farm, he thought he was the most important. But it was not enough that he himself thought this way. He had to be sure that the other animals thought so, too. So he went up to one of the chickens and asked, "Who is the most important animal on the farm?" Straight away, the chicken answered, "You're, Master." Then he asked one of the farm dogs and he got the same reply.
Next, he asked a cow. When the cow seemed uncertain of the right answer, the pig looked angry and showed his teeth. "Oh, you are, of course, Master Pig," said the cow. "Of course," the pig said. "There is no doubt about it."
At last, the pig asked a big horse, "Who is the most important animal on the farm?" The horse lifted one foot, rolled the pig over, and placed his foot on the pig's head. "All right," said the pig, "you don't have to do that just because you don't know the answer."
The question is: The pig was angry with the cow because   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:the cow showed her teeth
B:the cow did not give the answer he wanted straight away
C:the cow gave him the wrong answer
D:he had to tell the cow the right answerMrs. Black wants to visit her son. Her son works in a post office in the city ,but she doesn't know where it is , She begins to look for it , but she can't find it. She asks an old man, "Excuse me , how can I get to the post office?"
"We have about forty post offices in the city," says the old man. "Which one do you want to go to ?" She gives her son's letter to him and the old man says , Walk along this street to the first crossroads and then turn left. You will see it on your left," She thanks the old man and soon finds her son . They are very happy.
The question is: _  tells her the way to the post office.
The possible answers are:
A:A girl
B:A boy
C:A man.
D:An old man.When I was growing up, I had an old neighbor, Dr. Gibbs. He didn't look like any doctor I'd ever known. He never invited us to play in his yard, but he was a very kind person.
When Dr. Gibbs wasn't saving lives, he was planting trees. He owned a large field and wanted to make it a forest.
The good doctor had some interesting ideas about planting trees. He never watered his new trees. Once I asked why. He said that watering plants spoiled them, and that if you watered them, each baby tree would grow weaker and weaker, so you had to make things difficult for them and pick out the weaker trees early on.
He talked about how watering trees made for shallow roots, and how trees that weren't watered had to grow deep roots in search of water under the earth by themselves. Deep roots were very important.
So he never watered his trees. He'd planted an oak and, instead of watering it every morning, he'd beat it with a rolled-up newspaper. I asked him why he did that, and he said it was to get the tree's attention.
Dr. Gibbs died several years after I left home. Every now and then, I walked by his house and looked at the trees that I watched him plant about twenty-five years ago. They're very big and strong now. I planted some trees a few years back and carried water to them for whole summer.
After two years of caring too much, whenever a cold wind blows in, they shake a lot.
Every night before I go to bed, I check on my two sons. Mostly I pray that their lives will be easy. But lately I've been thinking that it's time to change my prayer. I know my children are going to face difficulties. There's always cold wind blowing somewhere, so what we need to do is to pray for roots that reach deep into the brave heart, so when the rains fall and the winds blow, we could face it strongly and won't be beaten down.
The question is: Which can be the best title of the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:Watering trees
B:Growing roots
C:Doctor and his neighbor
D:Father and his childrenMr. and Mrs. Wilson lived in a big city, and one summer they went to the country for their vacation. They enjoyed it very much, because it was a quiet, clean place. One day they went for a walk early in the morning and saw an old man.   He was sitting alone in the warm sun in front of his house. Mr. Wilson asked him, "Do you like living in a quiet place?" The old man said, "Yes, I do." Mr. Wilson said," What are the good things about it?" The old man answered, "Well, everybody knows everybody. People often come and see me, and I often go and see them. And there are lots of children here. "Mr. Wilson said, "That's interesting. And what are the bad things?" The old man thought for a few minutes and said, " Well, the same things, really."
The question is: Where did Mr. And Mrs. Wilson live?
The possible answers are:
A:In a city.
B:In a country.
C:In town.
D:In Beijing.Hello, I'm Linda. This is Jen. She's my mum. She's 38 years old. She's wearing a red coat, a pair of red shoes and a pair of blue pants. She often wears a big hat, too. She is a teacher. And the students in her school like her very much. She likes singing  . But she doesn't like   playing sports. On Sundays, she goes shopping with me.
,.
The question is: What can you learn from the passage  ?
The possible answers are:
A:Jen is 48 years old.
B:Jen likes playing sports.
C:Jen is wearing a pair of red pants.
D:Jen goes shopping on Sundays.What happens when five Chinese teachers take over a British classroom full of teenagers? The experimental program was designed to test how 50 students ages 13 and 14 at the Bohunt School in Hampshire would deal with a completely Chinese teaching method. With long school days and tough rules, it's considered to be "strict" to Westerners.
It took the BBC six months to choose suitable Chinese teachers. They had to be English, math, science or social science teachers with more than five years teaching experience in China. They also had to be able to teach in English. Though language was not a problem for the Chinese teachers, they weren't used to the difference between Chinese and British students. Li Aiyun from the Nanjing Foreign Language School told British media that when she handed out homework sheets, she expected the students to _ on their homework. "But when I walked in the classroom, some students were chatting, some students were eating, somebody was even putting make-up on her face. I had to control myself, or I would be crazy. About half of them tried their best to follow me. And the other half ? Who knows what they were doing?" she said.
While Rosie Lunskey, 15, told BBC interviewers that she found it difficult to get used to the Chinese teachers. "Acting like robots was the right way to go. I'm used to speaking my mind in class, giving ideas, often working in groups to develop my skills and improve my knowledge. But a lot of the time in the experiment, the only thing I felt I was learning was how to copy notes really fast and listen to the teacher, "she complained.
The question is: How many Chinese teachers did BBC choose?
The possible answers are:
A:4
B:5
C:6
D:8Some children are flying kites near the river. They are very high and Peter can see them from the classroom. After lunch his aunt comes to see his mother and brings a kite to him. It looks like a bird. He wants to fly it but his mother doesn't let him do that.
"It's time to go to school," says his mother, "You can fly it after dinner."
The boy is unhappy, and says goodbye to his aunt and leaves. Now he is in the classroom but he doesn't listen to Miss Black. He only thinks how to fly the kite. Miss Black writes something on the blackboard and then turns to the class.
"Name(......) nine things with milk in them, Peter." she says.
The boy doesn't hear her and still sits there. A boy in Row 4 beats his back and he knows it. He stands up and Miss Black asks him the question again. He thinks for some time and then says, "Yes, madam, tea, coffee, cake and ...er...six cows ."
The question is: There is   _   near Peter's school.
The possible answers are:
A:a bank
B:a river
C:a lake
D:a parkLondon used to be "foggy" for the same reason that cities like Beijing or Chongqing are "foggy" today. The "fog" was in fact smog, a mixture of smoke and fog. In other words, it was made by air pollution. In London, some of this pollution came from factories, but much of it came from the coal   that people burnt in their houses to keep warm during the winter. By the 1950s, London's smog problem had become so bad that the government decided to do something to clean the air. A new law was made and nobody could burn coal in any British city. Within a few years, the air became much cleaner. There were no more " _ ".
Many Chinese cities now face the same sort of problem with air pollution that London faced 40 or 50 years ago. However, this problem is more difficult for Chinese cities to solve. One reason is that more of the pollution comes from the factories, rather than from coal burnt in people's houses. If these factories were closed, this would harm the economy and lots of people would lose their jobs. Another reason is that changing from coal to cleaner fuel  , like gas, is quite expensive.
However, the air in many Chinese cities is becoming cleaner and cleaner, as the government and people pay more and more attention to cutting down pollution. As a result, there are fewer "pea-soupers" in Beijing than there used to be.
The question is: What was the main reason for air pollution in London?
The possible answers are:
A:There was too much smoke in the sky.
B:There were too many factories in the city.
C:People burnt too much coal in the houses.
D:The city was too big for the cleaners to clean.Look carefully at the back of a California state quarter.A man with a walking stick is pictured there.A bird called a California condor is flying overhead. Who is this man,and why is he so important that he is featured on the back of a coin?
The man on this quarter is John Muir.Even as a child, Muir loved watching nature. As a young man,he spent much of his life exploring the beauty of the wilderness.He walked more than a thousand miles across the country,through fields and woods.John Muir liked writing about the places he visited,describing their beauty.
Muir also wrote about problems.In order to create more farmland for sheep and cattle, rnany trees were being cut down.This made Muir unhappy and worried,because he knew that trees were important to forests and to the animals that lived in them.Muir believed that nature should be conserved instead of being changed by human beings.He wrote articles in magazines and newspapers to spread the word about conserving forests.Soon,others began to listen.
Muir wrote letters to important people,such as President Theodore Roosevelt.The president admired Muir's love for nature.When Roosevelt came to visit Muir in California. Muir convinced the president to go camping with him for three nights under the trees so they could talk about conservation.Later,President Roosevelt set aside 148 million acres of land for national forests and established five national parks.National parks are large areas of land that are protected from development. This means that people cannot build homes or businesses there. One of these parks is Yosemite National Park,the area that is featured on the back of the California quarter.
Though it has been almost one hundred years since John Muir died,people continue his work today.His work as a conservationist helped us to see the beauty of our natural world.John Muir made us understand the importance of protecting our earth and our resources---then,now,and for the future.
The question is: What happened after President Roosevelt went camping with John Muir?
The possible answers are:
A:Many trees were cut down.
B:Five national parks were established.
C:More homes and businesses were built.
D:More farmland was used for sheep and cattle.Bamboo is one of nature's most surprising plants.Many people call this plant a tree,but it is a kind of grass.
Like other kinds of grass,a bamboo plant may be cut very low to the ground,but it will grow back very quickly.A Japanese scientist reported one bamboo plant which grew 1.5 meters in 24 hours ! Bamboo grows almost everywhere in the world except Europe.There are more than 1,000 kinds of bamboo.
Not all bamboo looks the same.Some bamboo plants are very thin.They may only grow to be a few centimeters wide while others may grow to more than 3 0 centimeters across.This plant also comes in different colors,from yellow to black to green.
Bamboo has been used to make things such as hats and kitchen tools.Because it is strong, bamboo is also used to build buildings.
Many Asian countries have used bamboo for hundreds of years.They often use bamboo for buildings and supporting new buildings and bridges while they are being built.
In Africa ,poor farmers are taught how to find water using bamboo.These African countries need cheap way to find water because they have no money ,and their fields often die from no rain and no water.Bamboo pipes help poor farmers bring water to their fields without spending a lot of money.
The question is: Bamboo pipes can be used to  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:make money
B:be trees
C:grow quickly
D:carry waterMy name is Li Jing. Today let me show you around my community. In front of my apartment  , there is a very small garden with a table, four chairs and some flowers. I love taking a walk in the garden in summer.
After getting out of the garden, I can get to a big market soon. I walk past the market when I go to work every day. There are fresh vegetables, fruit and meat there. I often buy some fresh fruit there with my friends. After passing the market, I will be near the main road  . There are a lot of shops on both sides of the road, like shoe shops, clothes shops ...
After walking straight along the main road for fifteen minutes, I can see a bus stop. I only need to pay 0.5 yuan, and then I can go almost   anywhere. That's very cheap. I feel very happy to live in a community like this.
The question is: Who does Li Jing often go to the market with?
The possible answers are:
A:Her classmates.
B:Her parents.
C:Her friends.
D:Her grandparents.John gets up early from Monday to Saturday, because he must go to school before 7:30 on weekdays and go to the Drawing Club at 8:00 on Saturday mornings. He usually goes to the bookshop on Saturday afternoons, and after supper he watches TV until  midnight.
He doesn't get up early on Sundays. John's parents both work on Sundays. John always watches TV after he gets up. Then he usually goes to KFC to have a hamburger and some juice for lunch. After that, he goes back home and starts to play computer games until his parents come back. He does his homework after supper. He usually has lots of weekend homework, so he must spend three hours on it. He usually goes to bed at about 11:00 p.m. on Sundays. He often complains  he has too much homework to do.
The question is: When does John do his weekend homework?
The possible answers are:
A:On Sunday evenings.
B:On Sunday mornings.
C:On Saturday evenings.
D:On Sunday afternoons.We use passwords to keep our personal information secret and safe, but some passwords we use may not be as reliable as we think.
Splash Data, a computer security company, recently released a list of the 25 worst passwords of 2011.This list is based on the research of _ files containing stolen passwords. According to the list, "password" is the worst and most common password. Many others on the list are numbers in order either forward (for example,1234) or backward. Letters on the keyboard in order, such as "qwerty" are also common, as well as some first names and animals. "Hackers can easily break into many accounts  just by trying common passwords again and again, " said Morgan Slain, CEO of Splash Data.
How can you make a strong password? It should be eight characters or more, with a mix of letters, numbers and symbols. One way to create a long and easy-to-remember password is to separate short words with spaces or numbers. Having safe passwords is necessary for surfing the Internet safely. But it's not the only thing you must do to keep safety online. Here are some other web safety tips:
*Never give out information that will allow someone to find you offline. That includes your full name, address and phone number.
*Don't include your real name as part of your online screen name.
*Never meet people you met on the Internet in person. If you insist on breaking this rule, meet in a very public place and consider taking an adult with you.
Top 10 worst passwords: 1.password   2. 123456    3. 12345678   4. qwerty    5. abc123
6. monkey   7. 1234567    8. letmein     9.trustno1  10. dragon
The question is: What is "Splash Data"?
The possible answers are:
A:A company.
B:A TV station.
C:A scientist.
D:An American.On the way to school, a school bus driver stops the bus in front of a washroom and then he goes in. But the bus doesn't stop. After the driver gets off, the bus begins to run down the road, and there are 27 students on the bus.
Luckily ,the 11-year-old student, David, goes to the driver's seat and begins to drive the school bus. He can't stop the bus, but he drives the bus away from a car. At last, he stops the bus near a shop and everyone is all right.
A woman worker in the shop sees the whole thing. She says the bus nearly  runs into a river. We do not know how the boy stops the car.
David is very quiet about the accident , but he is a hero. "If he doesn't drive the bus, all the students will go down into the river with the bus." says a teacher in the school.
The question is: What is the passage mainly about?
The possible answers are:
A:A child plays in the street.
B:A school bus driver.
C:A bus runs into a river.
D:A boy does something good.She is a cute ,quiet girl. As a daughter, she has no secrets from her mother, who is very pleased with her. But these days she has become not so open as before. She has diary that she keeps under lock and key. Her mother cannot help  worrying about her: what if she falls in love, which is too early for her age. After all, she is reaching the "dangerous time". These thoughts have caused trouble in the mother's mind.
One weekend the girl came to tell her mother that she was going to the cinema with her schoolmate and would return late. This was the first time her mother agreed, and she couldn't help worrying because her daughter had never been away at night before. The mother waited till nine. She decided to go out to meet her daughter. Just at that time the noise of a car pulling up drew her to the window and---there was her daughter, waving goodbye to a boy. Her heart missed a beat. When the girl came in, the mother was watching TV, just like nothing had happened. "Mum, I'm back." "Yeah." "Sorry to be late. Still sitting up?" "Yes. Oh, that ... Who's that boy? " The daughter fell silent for some time. "Ah. It's my monitor . He gave me a lift on his way home. Mum, I'm going to bed." "All right. Go to sleep early."
The next morning when the mother went to the daughter's room to do some cleaning, she found her diary left on the bed. After a few minutes' thinking, she at last opened it to the page of the night before. It reads: Mum, It's love that made you ask, but it would show your understanding of me if you hadn't.
The question is: Which of the following is True according to the story ?
The possible answers are:
A:The girl knew her mother would ask her about the boy.
B:What the daughter did these days worried her mother.
C:The mother knew the boy who saw the film with her daughter.
D:The girl's diary was always on the bed.Good morning. My name is Eric. This is my schoolbag. What color is it? It's blue and white. And what's this in English? It's a pen. It is a black pen. This is a ruler. It's yellow.
The question is: The schoolbag is   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:black and white
B:red and yellow
C:blue and white
D:green and redChina is a nation with a rich culture in handwriting. "Even though the computer is widely used today, Chinese people should not forget the skill of writing with hands," said a Chinese government official .
Nowadays, the computer has become a very useful tool to help people to write. As people use computers more often than before, many people have forgotten how to write Chinese characters  . People often make a lot of mistakes in writing.
At present, China is trying to help pupils and teachers to improve their writing with the help of information technology. With the technology, it is hoped that teachers can write their teaching contents   on the blackboard and students can _ by writing, too.
The Chinese character test shows that nowadays, many college students' handwriting has become worse. Many college students do not know how to compose   words or sentences in Chinese character in the right way. Not only kids, many adults also have met the same problem. They might be able to tell the general form of a certain character. However, if you ask them to spell out the character in detail  , they can't. On the other hand, they can easily type out the character on a computer.
In the national language teaching course, we can solve this problem with the use of certain technologies. Actually, apart from technology, there is a lot that we can do. For example, we may ask students to finish their homework by writing with hands instead of typing.
The question is: How is China trying to help students and teachers to improve their writing?
The possible answers are:
A:By punishing people who can't write correctly.
B:By controlling people's use of computers.
C:By using information technology.
D:By asking them to write everything with hands.Japanese students work very hard, but many are unhappy. They feel heavy pressure from their parents to do well in school. Most students are always being told by their parents to study harder so that they can have a wonderful life. Though this may be a good idea for those very smart students, it can have terrible results for many students because they are not talented enough.
As it is reported, a number of students killed themselves. Others try to get the feelings of taking drugs . Some join the groups of troublemakers and turn to crime . Many of them have tried very hard at school but have failed in the exams and have their parents lose hopes. Such students felt that they are hated by everyone else they meet and they don't want to go to school any longer.
It is surprising that though most Japanese parents are worried about their children, they do not help them in any ways .Many parents feel that they are not able to help their children and it is the teachers' work to help their children. To make matter worse, a lot of parents send their children to those school opening in the evenings and on weekends-- they only help students to pass exams and never teach students any real sense of the world. It is a great surprise that almost three quarters of middle school students have been to such kind of schools. Many Japanese schools usually have rules about everything from the students' hair to their clothes and the things in their bags. Child psychologists  now think that such strict rules are harmful  to the feelings of the students. Almost 40% of the students said that no one had taught them how to get on with others, how to tell right from wrong, how to show love for others, even for their parents.
The question is: Who do the parents think should help the kids when they can't do well in school work?
The possible answers are:
A:Teachers.
B:Parents.
C:Someone else.
D:Their classmates.Dear Abby,
I am a helpless mother, my son is 15 years old. I find out that the older he grows, the less we talk. I feel very worried and I really need help.
My first problem is about his hobbies, he seems to spend too much time on computer games. As soon as he gets home, he always turns on the computer, closes the door and locks others out. I am getting worried about him, especially when his English teacher told me he always fails(,) in the English exam.
Secondly, it seems that he is crazy  about the new technology. However, to be honest, I don't have enough money and I can't _ all the things he wants.
Recently, I have found that he seems to be always alone. I have never seen him talking to his friends on the phone or going out with anyone on weekends. That is the last problem I have.
Do all the boys behave this way? What should I do to help him?
A helpless mother
The question is: How many problems does "a helpless mother" have?
The possible answers are:
A:One
B:Two
C:Three
D:FiveBill was a boy of 15. His parents went to gambling  day and night. Nobody cared about hi. He always failed in his exams. So his teachers didn't like him, nor did his classmates play with him.
Bill often slept in class because his heart was not in school. He almost gave himself up.
One day, Miss Jones, a new teacher, came to Bill's class. She was a smiling, beautiful woman. Bill was in love! For the first time in his young life, he couldn't take his eyes off his teachers; yet, still he failed.
It was Miss Jones' class. She was asking a question. "I'd like the smartest boy to answer my question." Then she said loudly, "Bill, please!"
Bill was surprised. And he stood up without a word.
"Just try it! I believe you can!"
After school, Miss Jones had a long talk with Bill. She told him that she cared about him and believed in him.
Bill thought a lot that evening. From then on he arrived at school on time every day. Miss Jones helped him with his homework in the afternoon. She even cooked delicious food for him. She told Bill, "Nothing is impossible if you put your heart in it."
Later, Miss Jones gave another exam. Bill did it with all his heart. He was very excited to find that he had passed the exam. Now Bill discovered that not only could he learn, but he could do it well. A changed took place in Bill's heart.
You see, one teacher saved one boy, it's simple , really.
The question is: From the passage we can learn   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:Miss Jones was a loving and careful teacher
B:Bill's parents cared about him very much
C:Miss Jones loved to answer Bill's question
D:Bill didn't like to play with his classmatesMy father is seventy-five years old this year. But he looks very young. He looks like a sixty-year-old man. Now he can do everything all by himself. For example, he cooks, washes clothes, does the housework and so on.
Every morning, my father goes out with a radio. He listens to the music or the news and goes to the park to play taijiquan. In the park, he talks and laughs with other old people. After coming back from the park, he begins to have breakfast and then he goes to the university   for the old. He learns drawing there. In the afternoon, he plays on the computer for about one or two hours. After supper he watches TV and learns about the world. He goes to bed at about eight o'clock. He never stays up. He likes to share his ways of keeping healthy with others.
Are you healthy? If not, what do you learn from my father's secret of keeping healthy?
,.
The question is: The passage doesn't tell us whether the writer's father can  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:play taijiquan
B:swim
C:wash clothes
D:cookHi!I'm Lucy. I am a student in Class 5,Grade 7.I have a big schoolbag. It is blue and red. The price is Y=88.1.have a nice pencil box in it. It is Y=10.Its color is white. I bought  it in a store. There are four pencils and one pen. Each pencil is Y=1 and the pen is Y=12.My eraser is yellow. The price is Y=2.My ruler is orange and very long. I like them very much. I study very hard.
The question is: My schoolbag is    _   .
The possible answers are:
A:big
B:small
C:lost
D:blackMy father died when I was 5. It was hard on us all. My brother is 8 years older than me, he began to look after my mother and me.
My mother had to do a full-time job. My brother would get me up for school, and cook breakfast for me .When I was eating he would get my clothes and school bags ready and make my bed. As we waited for the school bus, he would play the games my father used to play with me. He did his best  to make me happy .
When we arrived home from school , he would help solve  the problems in my homework and help Mom to cook .
It was a Saturday in June a few years later. My mother and I were at the store .They were selling Father's Day cards. I stared at them. "My dear, I know this is a hard time for you." Mom said. "No, Mom, that's not it. Why don't they have 'brother's day' cards?"
She smiled and said, "You're right, your brother has certainly been a father to you. Go ahead and choose a card. "
So I did. On Father's Day, my mother and I sat my brother down and gave him the card .As he read it, I saw his eyes watering. I heard the cracking  in Mom's voice as she said, "Son , your father is proud of you. You do your best to _ . We love you, and thank you."
The question is: The writer's brother started taking care of his younger brother and mother at the age of   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:five
B:Twelve
C:fourteen
D:thirteenUniversity of Oxford is the oldest university in the English-speaking world and it's one of the top university in the world. There is no clear date when the university started, but teaching began at Oxford in some forms in 1096 and developed quickly from 1167.
There are 39 independent  colleges at Oxford, attracting students and learned men from across the world. There are over 100 libraries for the students and learned men to use. At University of Oxford, they also provide a number of money for the best students. Of course, if you want to study here, first you have to reach a certain level of English language.
College life at Oxford is very exciting but busy. The groups of college provide a friendly and welcoming home for students while the college are strict with students about their studies. Many Chinese students are studying here. The number of Chinese students at the university has grown quickly over the past 10 years.
,. (5,2,10)
The question is: What's the best title for the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:The College Life
B:The Famous Learners at Oxford
C:The Chinese Students at Oxford
D:The University of OxfordI work as a volunteer for a group that helps the poor in Haiti. I decided to take my son Brain there for a week, hoping to educate  him.
Before getting out, I told Brain this trip would be tiring and hard. For the first two days, he said almost nothing. Then on the third day, when we were climbing over high rocky mountains , he turned to me and smiled, "Really hard."
After that, a five-year-old girl, wearing a too large dress and broken shoes, followed Brain around. Later he said, "I wish I could speak French." I was surprised that this was from a boy who always hated French classes.
However, the moment that really reached my heart _ in a village in the mountains. I was interviewing  a woman villager for an article. By working hard, she learned to read and write and became one of the leaders of the village.
Learning her story, Brain was greatly touched. His eyes were wet and there was love and respect  on his face. He finally understood the importance of my work. When leaving for home, Brain even offered to stay in as a volunteer. This trip was very meaningful.
The question is: What is the passage mainly about?
The possible answers are:
A:An exciting trip.
B:How to be a volunteer.
C:A story of a volunteering trip.
D:The importance of voluntary work.The English Fashion recently asked people about their wonderful ideas and plans about things they could do.The magazine asked people the following question, "If you had all the money you wanted, what would you like to do?" About 500 people answered the survey question.
Almost half (49%) of the people in the survey said they would buy material things such as a bigger house or a better car.One fifth (20%) of the people said they would travel to the interesting or famous places.17% answered that they would give money to someone else.They would donate money to a charity or to help poor people.More than half of the rest of the people (about 10%) said they would give money to help medical research .All the other people in the English Fashion survey said they would save money in the bank.They said they didn't know what they would like to do right now, but perhaps in a few years they would find a good use for the money.
"Lots of people think that if they buy bigger and better things, they will feel happier," said Dr Mary Wilson. " However," she said, " _ will not last  long.After a while, they won't be happy with them any longer." Dr Wilson thinks the happiest people are those who make a change in people's lives.She thinks those people who give money to someone else or to medical research are thinking more of others at the moment.If they had all the money theywanted, they would change the world.
The question is: Who did Dr Wilson think were the unhappiest people?
The possible answers are:
A:The people who would give the money to a charity.
B:The people who would save the money for the future.
C:The people who would give the money to medical research.
D:The people who would spend the money on material things.It was a winter morning, just a couple of weeks before Christmas 2005. While most people were warming up their cars, Trevor, my husband, had to get up early to ride his bike four kilometers away from home to work. On arrival, he parked his bike outside the back door as he usually does. After putting in 10 hours of work, he returned to find his bike gone.
The bike, a black Kona 18 speed, was our only transport. Trevor used it to get to work, putting in 60-hour weeks to support his young family. And the bike was also used to get groceries ,saving us from having to walk long distances from where we live.
I was so sad that someone would steal our bike that I wrote to the newspaper and told them our story. Shortly after that, several people in our city offered to help. One wonderful stranger even bought a bike, then called my husband to pick it up. Once again my husband had a way to get to and from his job. It really is an honor that a complete stranger  would go out of their way for someone they have never met before.
People say that a smile can be passed from one person to another, but acts of kindness from strangers are even more so. This experience has had a spreading effect in our lives because it made our confidence in humanity stronger as a whole. And it has also influenced us to be more mindful  of ways we can share with others. No matter how big or how small, an act of kindness shows that someone cares. And the results can be continuing for ever.
The question is: How did people get to know the couple's problem?
The possible answers are:
A:From radio broadcasts.
B:From a newspaper.
C:From TV news.
D:From a stranger.We've talked about snails   and their slow move. But much of the time snails don't move at all. They're in their shells ---sleeping .
Hot sun will dry out a snail's body. So at the least sign of hot sun, a snail draws its body into its shell and closes the opening with a thin cover. Then it goes to sleep. A snail will die in a heavy rain. So whenever it rains, it goes inside its shell house and goes to sleep. A snail can sleep for as long as it needs to. It can take a short sleep. Or it can sleep for days at a time. And it spends all the winter months in its shell, asleep.
In spring the snail wakes up. Its body, about three inches long, comes out of from the shell. When hungry, the snail looks for food. It can't see very well. Its eyes, at the ends of the top feelers are very weak. But its sense of smell is very strong. It helps the snail to the new greens. Then the snail's little mouth goes to work.
A snail's mouth is no longer than the point of a pin . Yet it has 256,000 teeth! The teeth are so small that you can't see them. But they do their work.. If you put a snail in a hard paper box, it will eat its way out. And if a snail wears out its teeth, it will grow new ones.
Mostly, a snail looks for food at night .But on cloudy days it eats in the daytime. It eats all day long. A snail can go on eating for hours and never feel full.
The question is: Which of the following in not true?
The possible answers are:
A:A snail doesn't like living under the sun.
B:In winter the snail doesn't eat or move.
C:The snail's teeth can't be worn out..
D:The snail's strong sense of smell helps to find things far away.A young man worked very hard at his lessons. He was too busy to have a rest. At last, he became ill, so he couldn't go to sleep. Every night, when he went to bed, he closed his eyes and tried to sleep. But he always stayed awake and couldn't fall asleep.
After some days, he decided to see a doctor. "I just can't go to sleep at night. What should I do? Could you please help me?"
"I have a suggestion ,"said the doctor. "Try counting numbers. By the time you reach one thousand, you'll be asleep. I'm sure of it."
The next day the man returned to the doctor's office. "Well," said the doctor, how are you today? Did you try my suggestion?"
The man still looked tired. "Yes," he said, "I tried counting one, two, and three-- up to one thousand. But when I reached five hundred and sixty-nine, I began to feel sleepy. I had to get up and drink some tea so that I could go on counting up to one thousand. But then I still couldn't fall asleep."
The question is: The young man returned to the doctor's office the next day because  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:he wanted to ask the doctor how to count the numbers
B:he wanted to thank the doctor
C:he was better and wanted some more medicine
D:he still couldn't go to sleep at nightDinner customs are different around the world. If you are a guest in Ghana( ), this information will help you a lot.
In Ghana, dinner is usually from four in the afternoon to six in the evening. But there are no strict rules about time. Whenever a guest arrives, a family offers food. When you go to a home, the person who receives guests takes you to the living room first. At this time everyone welcomes you. Then you go to the dinning room. There you wash your hands in a bowl of water. All the food is on the table.
In Ghana you usually eat with your fingers. You eat from the same dish as everyone else .But you eat from one side of the dish only. It is not polite to get food from the other side of the dish. After dinner, you wash your hands again in a bowl of water.
Most meals in Ghana have a dish called fufu. People in Ghana make fufu from the powder  of some plants. Sometimes they cut the fufu with a saw  because it is very hard. You must chew  fufu well, or you may get sick. You eat fufu with the fingers of your right hand only.
The question is: When you eat fufu, you'd better   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:cut it with a saw
B:use your right hand only
C:chew it well
D:all of the aboveArchie is a boy with dreams. His dreams are never boring. He thinks of them all day. He always
thinks out exciting ways to play.
One day, he made a _ . That was one of his dreams. He got his friends in it and that made
his friends happy. It really ran fast.
Later, he dreamed of a big and nice park. But when he told his friends about it, his friends didn't believe in him. They said it was difficult. But Archie still thought of it. He believed in himself, so he started it. At last, Archie succeeded. His park was fun and many people liked it.
The question is: Which of the following is TRUE?
The possible answers are:
A:Archie was successful at last.
B:Archie didn't have friends.
C:Archie only liked dreams.
D:Archie didn't play sports well.Dear Alice
You really have two different questions here, so we'll discuss them one at a time. Your problems at school may be a result of a number of things. You don't say much about how these classmates get along with each other. It's possible that all the students are feeling a little cautious  in the first term. It's also possible that the others are unkind. If this is not so, you have to find out why you are the class "outsider".In your letter you say you often offer to help others with their work. Is it possible that your classmates don't understand your offers? Could it seem that you were trying to "buy" friends with these offers, Is it possible that you took no notice of your classmates when you had your good friend near you? They may have felt hurt at that time. It may take a time for them to believe in you if so. Try to ask one classmate directly what the problem is. If you hear a negative  answer, at least you'll know what to do
Yours truly
Shelia
The question is: From the letter we can conclude  that  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:Alice wasn't pleased with her teachers
B:Alice's parents made her study too hard
C:Alice didn't get along well with her classmates
D:Alice didn't want to go to school any moreOur three-year-old daughter Becky wanted a dog. But we were too busy to buy one. One day, Becky ran in, shouting, "Mom! Come to see my dog!" Her face was red with excitement.
I followed her to the bush and found a wolf! He was hurt. Seeing me, he stood up suddenly! I could see his teeth! God! My mouth _ . "Don't be afraid. That's Mom. She loves you, too." Becky said. Then he became friendly. It was unbelievable!
I rushed to find my husband and told him about the wolf. We should have killed the wolf, but Becky loved him. Besides, he was kind to Becky. So we called the vet  finally.
Becky named the wolf Ralph and she carried food to him every day. Later, Ralph got well. They played together in the daytime. At night, Ralph would return to the mountains. Sometimes he disappeared but came back several days later.
On Becky's first day of school, we could see Ralph's sadness. After Becky left school, Ralph lay by the side of the road and waited. When Becky returned, he got happy again. This continued throughout Becky's school years.
Twelve years passed.
One day we heard that a wolf was killed. The other wolf was hurt and ran away. We were worried about Ralph. That night, Ralph returned with a wound. Becky held his head kindly and comforted him. We hoped he could come through. However, he died.
Becky cried. I noticed something strange in the bush--two little yellow eyes! Ralph's child! Before he died, Ralph brought his child to us! He knew he would be safe here, as he had been. Ralph, Ralph, I was moved.
"Don't be afraid, little...little Ralphie. That's Mom. She loves you, too."
The question is: The best title for this passage is  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:The best pet of children
B:A kind animal
C:A kind child
D:Becky's good friendHead teacher, teachers, grandparents, parents and classmates, I'm very proud that I have been chosen to speak to you all today. I'm a bit nervous as I've never made a speech before to so many people, so please forgive me if it shows! www.xkb1.com
As we all know, this is the school leavers' party, and it's time to say goodbye to everyone. We're sorry to leave you at the end of our junior high school education, and we promise that we'll never forget the happy times we have spent in these buildings with you all.
I'd like to thank three groups of people for the three things I've learnt while I've been a pupil at our school. The three things are friendship, love and knowledge.
The first group is my friends, and what I've learnt is the importance of friendship. We've worked hard together, we've even shared some difficult times together, but we've also had a lot of fun. Many of us will go to new schools and we may not see each other so often in the future. Others will go on to senior high school and continue their close friendships. But friends don't have to see each other all the time. Sometimes the friends you treasure most are the friends you see less often. A life without old friends is like a day without sunshine. We'll always stay in touch.
The second group is our parents and grandparents. We thank you for the love you have shown us during our years at junior high school, for making a home where we feel both safe and relaxed, and where we can prepare ourselves for our school days. We also thank you for your help with our homework. How many of us owe our good grades to the suggestions you have made during those long evenings?
And finally, the third group is our teachers. We can never pay you back for your kindness, your patience, and gift of knowledge which you have offered us; sometimes you've made us work very hard. But you have always been fair and you'll always be our role models. There's a saying from Ireland which is a favourite of mine: Strangers are only friends you haven't met yet.
I couldn't say it better myself. So from the bottom of my heart, I thank you all and wish you success for the future.
The question is: What's the purpose of the speech?
The possible answers are:
A:To thank people.
B:To look forward to the future.
C:To say sorry.
D:To worry about the tests.In today's society , every day we may face some kinds of stress and difficulties from work, school or family. They can influence both our bodies and our minds. So learning how to deal with stress is very important for keeping healthy. Well, how do we reduce stress. In my opinion , the best ways are exercise and to make contact with nature .
For example, we don't have to go to a gym or spend much money on exercise  fact, walking or riding to work are all suitable for exercise. The second way of dealing with stress to make contact with nature. You can take many ways, including walking in the forests ,hiking in the mountains or walking in the garden is very great and if you can make contact with her, you can enjoy the smell and the sight  of green plants and then let us feel _ 
Some of these activities can let you get exercise, but also you can enjoy the beauty of your garden every day. So, take my advice and start now, if you meet some kinds of pressure in your work or study. Good luck!
The question is: If you want to exercise you don't have to   _   .
The possible answers are:
A:do housework
B:walk
C:go to a gym
D:ride a bikeFarmer Ed Rawlings smiles as he looks at his orange trees. The young oranges are growing well in Florida's weather. Warm sunshine and gentle rains, along with Ed Rawlings' expert care, will produce a good crop of oranges this year.
However, Ed has to guard against Florida's changeable winter weather. In January and February, temperatures can destroy Ed's entire orange crop. Having farmed in Florida for the past 35 years, Ed is prepared for the frost . When temperatures drop below freezing, Ed tries to save his crop by watering his orange trees. The water freezes and forms a thin layer  of ice around the trees. Strange as it may sound, this thin layer of ice actually keeps the fruit warm.
What happens is simple. When the trees are watered, the water loses heat and becomes ice. The warmth of the heat it loses is taken in by the fruit and keeps its temperature at a safe level. Ed has effectively used this method to save many orange crops.
But Ed still faces difficulties. The trees must be watered at the exact moment the temperature drops to the freezing point. Also, just the right quantity of water must be used. Too much water can form a thicker layer of ice that will break the tree's branches . Another difficulty is that wind blows away the heat, so Ed has to worry about not only when but also how often his trees should be watered, and how much water should be used.
Computer technology may help Ed with some of these worries. With equipment , air and soil temperatures and wind speed can be measured. The information is fed into a computer which can calculate  when the temperature will drop below freezing. The computer can correctly decide the quantity of water to be used and how frequently(  ) the trees should be watered. Ed finds looking after his orange trees a lot easier with the help of a computer, and, his customers will have the benefits  of computer--age oranges.
The question is: Ed tries to protect his crop by  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:using a wind machine to drive away the cold air
B:equipping his orange trees with a computer
C:watering it at the proper time
D:picking his fruit at the first sign of frostMr Black goes into his usual teashop one morning, and sits in one of the seats at the counter . Many other people also come in, but none of them stays long.
About fifteen minutes later, a young man and a young woman come in. There are only two empty seats at the counter, one on Mr Black's left, and the other on his right. The woman sits on one seat, and the young man sits on the other, but Mr Black immediately  asks to change seats with the young man so that he and the young woman can be together.
"Oh, that isn't necessary," the young man says, but Mr Black insists . When the young man and the young woman are side by side, he says to her, "Well, this old man is very kind. He wants us to sit together. May I introduce myself? My name is John. What's your name?"
The question is: At last the young man   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:changes seats with Mr Black
B:doesn't change seats with Mr Black
C:goes away
D:goes away with the young womanA teenage boy couldn't stand his parents' family rules, so he left home. He wanted to be famous, but he had poor education and several years later, he had to ask for food on the street for a living. Now his mother has died. His father is an old man. But he is still looking for his son. He has been to every corner of the city. Everywhere he goes, he puts up a big photo of himself on the wall. At the lower part of the photo he writes, "I still love you... ,  come back home !"
One day, the son saw one of the photos. The face was familiar . "Is that my father?" He moved closer and read the words: "I still love you..." He cried. When he got home, it was early morning. He knocked at the door. The door opened itself. He rushed to his father's bedroom. His father was sleeping. He woke his father up, "It's me! Your son is back home!" The father and the son held each other, full of happy tears. The son asked, "Why is the door not locked? A thief could get in." The father answered softly, "The door has never been locked since you left."The door of parents' love for their children will never be closed.
The question is: What made the boy get back home?
The possible answers are:
A:The hard life outside.
B:His father's words on the photo.
C:The police asked him to go back.
D:His father found him.I Don't Have to Be Like Them 
All students have to face their own problems when they are growing up. You may not think that having a good family is a problem. But for me , it was. I had to face the problem of being the youngest of the Smith girls.
We live in a small town in Pennsylvania, US. There are three girls in the Smith family, Amanda, Theresa and me . People often say things to me , like " Oh, the three of you , you're such nice girls. Your sisters are so pretty and so thin! You're really nothing like them . " That made me sad.
At school , all of my teachers had taught my sisters . On the first day of school , they said , "Oh , the youngest of the three! I hope you're just like your sisters. They're such wonderful students."
People always compared  me with my sisters . So I couldn't help comparing myself with them , too. Theresa was smarter , Amanda was prettier . I began to work hard to be more like them . What my sisters did , I did , too. At last , I became drum major of our school 's marching band . Both Amanda  and Theresa had been drum majors . I became editor of the school's newspaper . Theresa had been the editor two years before.
But last year, Amanda went to college  , and Theresa went to high school . Now I'm by myself at junior high . Everyone knows me , because I'm the drum major and the newspaper's editor .
Now I don't feel like a Smith girl any more , I feel like myself . I'm proud of doing all of the same great things that my sisters did . But the best thing I did was to learn to stop comparing myself with them .
The question is: From the passage ,what does the author probably tel l us?
The possible answers are:
A:To be yourself.
B:Stop working hard.
C:Learn from the older.
D:Do what others say.Skin--diving (  ) is a new sport today . This sport can take you to a wonderful world . It's like to visit the moon . When you're under the water, it's easy for you to climb big rocks (  ) because you're not heavy.
Here, under the water , everything is blue and green . During the day , there's enough light . And you can see a lot of fish swimming around you. You can catch them with your hands. To catch fish is of the most interesting parts of this sport .
When you have tanks (  ) of air on your back , you can stay in deep water for a long time . But you must be careful when you dive in deep water .
The question is: With a tank of air on your back, you can   _   .
The possible answers are:
A:not move any more
B:stay under water for a long time
C:catch fish very easily
D:can only stay in deep waterAmy is an American student in Des Moines, Iowa. She is nine years old and she is in Grade Four this year. Now she and her friends are pen pals of the students in India.
In their letters, Amy learns that life of Indian children is difficult. And they don't have money to buy desks for school. She is surprised and wants to help them.
She and her friends collect $711. A charity  group helps them buy 75 desks. "We have many good things in our country," said Amy. "We should help others." She also hopes to raise  money to build a well for them. Then the students can get clean water from it. It may be a good gift for the Indian children.
The question is: How much is each  of the desks according to  the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:$711.
B:$75.
C:$9.48.
D:$6.36.Do you know more and more Chinese artists have made regular donations to charity or put their efforts  into charity work in China? Here let's know some of them.
Faye Wong and her husband Li Yapeng started the Yan Ran Angel Foundation  for harelipped  children three years ago. It was named after their daughter. Its purpose is to help children under 14 to cure their harelips. The couple donated one million yuan (about $ 133,000) to start the organization.
Cong Fei was born in a poor family. He became a successful singer in Shenzhen. He helped 178 poor students and disabled people for more than 10 years. Before he died of an illness at the age of 37 in 2006, he decided to donate his cornea  to people with eye problems. He helped six people see the world.
Guan Mucun has donated money to Project Hope to help poor students finish primary education. Thirty of these poor students have already finished high school with her support. Guan has also helped with charity work for environment protection, HIV/AIDS prevention, blood donation and "Mother Water".
Guan had an unlucky childhood: her mother died when she was only 10 years old. With the help of the government and her neighbours, she grew up and was successful as a famous singer.
Action star Jackie Chan is a wholehearted supporter of charities including UNICEF, Operation Smile and his own Jackie Chan Charitable Foundation. In 2007, he used much of his spare time to visit the farthest parts of China on his Dragon's Heart Charity Missions. The Dragon's Heart Foundation aims to meet the needs of poor children and the elderly in the hardest-to-reach areas of the country. Chan has made several trips to these poor villages, bringing warm clothing, wheelchairs and school supplies, and helping to build schools.
The question is: Who can get help from the Yan Ran Angel Foundation?
The possible answers are:
A:Harelipped children under 14.
B:All disabled children.
C:All disabled children under 14.
D:All harelipped children.This term we have a new teacher of English. His name is Mr Peterson. He comes from Australia, but now he lives in a tall building in Wuxi. He is not very tall and he is thin. He has a round face and small blue eyes. He wears glasses and they make him look smart.He has dark brown hair.
Mr Peterson works very hard. In class, he has many good ideas to make the class Very interesting. We all 1ike his class. After class, he always _ us to speak more English. Sometimes, he plays games with us. He is very strong and he can play basketball and football very well. He is good at sports. Sometimes, he plays table tennis with us, but he doesn't play it very well.
Mr Peterson loves living in China very much. He likes lots of things in China. He really loves eating Chinese food. He loves traveling in China, too. He is going to visit Xi'an next month.
The question is: What does Mr Peterson do? Mr Peterson is   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:a doctor
B:a teacher
C:a farmer
D:a workerI watched a little girl playing basketball every day from my bedroom window. One day, I asked her why she practiced so much. She said, "I want to go to college. The only way I can go is to get a scholarship . I like basketball and I want to be the best player in college. My dad told me, "If the dream is big enough, the facts don't count." She never changed her mind. Whenever she was in junior high school or senior high school. One day, before she graduate from senior high school, I saw her sitting on the grass sadly. I asked her what was wrong. She told me that her coach said she was too short to be a good basketball player, so she should stop dreaming about going to college. She was heartbroken and it made me feel bad, too. Then she smiled and told me her father said to her, "If you really want to play for the scholarship of a good college, nothing but yourself can stop your dream." The next year, she and her team went to a big game she was seen by a coach of a famous college team and was offered a scholarship to the women's basketball team of their college. She was getting the college education that she had dreamed of. "If the dream is big enough, the facts don't count." It is true.
The question is: Did the girl's family have a lot of money?
The possible answers are:
A:Yes, it did.
B:No, it didn't.
C:We don't know.
D:It isn't mentioned .Do as the Romans Do
The customs in different countries are rather different. If I have dinner with a Chinese host, he always puts more food onto my plates as soon as I have emptied it. That often discomforts me greatly. I have to eat the food even if I don't want to, because it is considered bad manners in the West to leave one's food on the plate. I have already noticed that when a Chinese sits at an American's dinner party, he very often refuses the offer of food or drink though he is in fact still hungry or thirsty. This might be good manners in China, but it is not in the West at all. In the United States, it is impolite to keep asking someone again and again or insist on his accepting something. Americans have a direct way of speaking. If they want something, they will ask for it. If not, they will say, "No, thanks." When an American is fed with beer by the host, for example, he might say, "No, thanks. I'll take some diet, Pepsi-Cola if you have it. "That is what an American will do. So when you go to the United States, you had better remember the famous saying: When in Rome, do as the Romans do.
The question is: Why does a Chinese often refuse the offer of food or drink at a dinner party?
The possible answers are:
A:He has had enough.
B:He is shy.
C:He is afraid that others will laugh at him.
D:He thinks it's polite to do that.According to the studies from the UN, the increase of CO2in the air is responsible for 85% of the temperature increase. CO2goes into the air when we burn fossil fuels to run our industries, cars and so on. Luckily, half of the CO2that we produced is taken in by plants, trees, land and the oceans. The rest gases are still large to cause worry. At the same time, we are cutting down forests that take in carbon from the air.
To solve the problem is not an easy job. Developed nations such as the USA, Germany and Australia will have to promise to cut down greenhouse gases by as much as 25-40%. Countries such as India and China that have a large population and growing industry, have to leave a smaller greenhouse gas footprint. Everybody must be active and stick to it.
The question is: Why does the temperature increase?
The possible answers are:
A:People use up useful gases.
B:More and more CO
2goes into the air because of people's activities.
C:Forests can not take in CO
2any more.
D:Everybody hopes winter can be warm.One Saturday evening, my husband and I went to have dinner at a restaurant. As we sat there eating and sharing conversation, I watched an old woman stop and look around. I looked over at my husband and said, "She must be lost."
I got up and caught up with her as she walked by our table and touched her lightly on the shoulder. "Ma'am, are you having trouble finding who you are dining with?" I asked.
She said yes. She was there with her daughter. I asked if her daughter was the only person she was there with, and she replied yes. "If you stay right here, I will find her and come back and take you to her--to save you some steps," I offered. She looked at me and said, "But you don't know who I am here with."
She was right. I explained that her daughter should be easy to find, because I thought she would be the only lady sitting by herself in the whole restaurant. She agreed...but just then a young man stopped me and asked, "Is she looking for her seat? They're sitting at a table right across from us."
I told him that she was and thanked him. I watched as they walked off together and kept my eyes on the old woman to make sure that she could see her daughter and all was well. I couldn't help but think that it must not be much different from being lost as a child. I wondered if I too would accept the help from strangers when I was as old as the lost woman.
The question is: Where did the story happen?
The possible answers are:
A:In the street.
B:In a restaurant.
C:In a hotel
D:In a kitchen.Everybody can suffer from stress. No matter what your age is, you can feel stressed out by things that are happening in your life.
Teenagers, however, have many more opportunities to get stressed than people in any other age group. Being a teenager is hard. You are not a child any more, but you are not an adult, even though you have to deal with some very grown-up problems and decisions.
Families can be one of the biggest causes of stress, such as problems with parents arguing at home or problems with brothers and sisters. Teenagers also have a lot of stress from school, either from their teachers or from their friends. Some teenagers also feel stressed about choosing their education after high school. Getting a place at university can be very difficult and some cannot afford to go to university. The stress about getting a job when finishing school is hard for some teenagers. There are so many young people finishing school and not enough jobs for them.
Sadly, there is nothing we can do to remove these causes of stress from the 1ives of teenagers, but you can learn the best way to deal with it. Talking to people is one of the best ways to deal with stress. It may sound simple, but it is true. A problem shared is a problem halved.
The question is: Families can add to the stress a teenager might experience   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:by asking them to go to university
B:by helping them with their homework
C:as teenagers quarrel with their parents, and their brothers or sisters
D:as families never support their children enoughHealth officials in Canada are very busy these days. They are placing chickens at fixed points all along their 2,500 km border   with the United States of America.
It's not a joke, nor have the Canadians gone mad. They are using these chickens to see if the West Nile virus   is still around. The virus infects birds, so the chickens have a chance of catching the virus and fall ill. The West Nile virus is spread among humans. It killed seven people in New York last year.
Countries around the world are realizing that it may just be possible to stop certain kinds of people from entering their land. However, it is very difficult to stop viruses traveling from one end of the earth to another. When they travel to new places, they get used to the environment very easily and sometimes start destroying the local plant and animal life. These biological polluters are called smart polluters.
These smart polluters can be carried across borders of countries unknowingly. Just as we humans are travelling across the world more often than earlier, these biological polluters have also started journey much more. They slide into airplanes through their wheels. They dig into objects that travelers may be carrying from one country to another.
There are some good examples of how these polluters work. The water hyacinth   of South America is blocking lakes in China and Africa. Tree snakes from Papua New Guinea are busy eating up some birds in the country of Guam, which breaks its natural balance.
That's why the customs   officials in many foreign countries prevent people from bringing in a small plant, or an object made of wood that is in its natural form. The customs officials have these rules because these varieties   of plants are special to certain places. The plants have the power to spread new illnesses among native plants and animals. Biological polluters always create problems in places where they do not belong. They could be special varieties of plants, bugs or even animals.
The question is: What is the best title for the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:Land Pollution
B:The West Nile Virus
C:Smart Polluters
D:The Water HyacinthHello, boys and girls! My name is Paul. I'm 14. Tommy is my brother. He is 15. I have two good friends, Peter and Barry. Peter is 13 and Barry is 12. We all like playing sports. Peter's _ sport is baseball. He plays baseball every day. He has 9 baseballs and 6 baseball bats. Barry likes ping-pong. He has 10 ping-pong balls and 5 ping-pong bats. I like basketball and I have 3 basketballs. The four of us all like soccer and we play soccer at school after class. Tommy and I like watching TV, but our parents don't let us watch TV every day.
The question is: Which of the following is NOT true?
The possible answers are:
A:Peter only likes baseball.
B:Barry has five ping-pong bats.
C:Tommy can not watch TV every day.
D:Paul likes playing sports.Have you seen the movie Changjiang 7(CJ7)?The story is about a boy called Dickey. He lives a poor life with his father. His father doesn't have any money to buy toys for him. One day his father finds him a strange toy from a junkyard  . Dickey names it Changjiang 7 (CJ7). It is an alien dog. It can do many things that humans can not do. Dickey takes it to school to help him in many ways.
CJ7 is a popular movie. Xu Jiao,born on August 5,1997 in Ningbo,Zhejiang,plays Dickey. On April 21,the girl won Best New Performer   at the Hong Kong Film Awards for her play in CJ7.Now Xu Jiao becomes a new film star. She is well-known especially among young kids. Many of them want to own such a helpful toy as CJ7.
Xu once said it was difficult to play a boy. "To get an idea of what a boy is like," she said,"I watched boys and I also studied and played with them a lot."
The question is: What can we know about Xu Jiao from the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:She lives a poor life.
B:She plays a boy in the movie.
C:She was born in Hong Kong.
D:She said it was easy to act in CJ7.For 21 years,Georges Bwelle watched his ill father traveling to hospitals,which could not offer him all necessary help.
Jamef Bwelle suffered only a broken arm at first,but it finally developed into a hematoma. That would affect him for the rest of his life. Bwelle spent years taking his father to overcrowded hospitals.
It was not easy. They would leave home at 5 a.m. and ran to the hospital to be the first. There were a lot of patients. Some people could die because they were waiting.
The situation hasn't changed much since Bwelle's father died in 2002.
In Cameroon,there is one doctor for every 5,000 people while in the United States there is one doctor for every 413 people. And even if they could see a doctor,many Cameroonians couldn't afford it.
When he saw his father and so many of his countrymen suffer,Bwelle decided to do something about it.
He became a doctor himself.And he started an organization,ASCOVIME. It travels into the countryside on weekends to provide free medical care. Since 2008,he and his group of volunteers have helped nearly 32,000 people.
Almost every Friday,his team jam into vans and travel to villages in need. In each trip they receive 500 people. Patients come on foot from 60 kilometers around the village for free treatment.
The next morning,the team will do simple operations in a schoolhouse,town hall or home,and work into the early hours of Sunday morning.
On Sunday,the team heads back to the city,tired but proud of their work. They know that their help can make a world of difference to those they help.
For his devotion to his country and people,Georges Bwelle becomes one of the 2013 Heroes voted throughout the world.
The question is: Which is one of the problems about medical care in Cameroon?
The possible answers are:
A:The country has too large a population.
B:Many people are too poor to pay for treatment.
C:Doctors generally have too poor medical skills.
D:Hospitals are too far away from the countryside.In England, traffic keeps on the left.Cars, buses and bikes all move on the left side of the road.But the traffic keeps on the right in China.So when you are in England, you must be very careful in the street.Before you cross a street you must stop and look both ways.Look right and look left and look right again.If the traffic lights are red, the traffic must stop.Then the people on foot can cross the road.If the traffic lights are green, the traffic can go.People on foot mustn't cross.
In the morning and in the evening, when people go to or come back from work, the streets are very busy.Traffic is very dangerous  .
When you go by bus in England, you have to be careful, too.Always remember the traffic moves on the left.If you don't have a look first, you will go the wrong way.
In many English cities, there are big buses with two floors.You can sit on the second floor.From there you can see the city very well.It's very interesting.
,.
The question is: When you are in England you must remember that   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:you'd better go by bus
B:the traffic goes on the left
C:the streets are very busy
D:there are many cars and buses on the roadHello, everyone. Because of the high rate of school violence   in some areas, teenagers' safety becomes a serious problem. We are planning to set up an organization named School Watch to make sure that students have a safe environment. Please be part of our plan!
What is School Watch?
School Watch is a volunteer project in our school. It helps us stop violence and improve the quality of school life. It will keep yourself and your schoolmates safe. The other members of School Watch care for you and your classroom and you do the same for them.
Is it for everyone?
Anybody can become a member of School Watch because everyone has something to offer.
What else can it do?
School Watch makes it possible for us not only to help each other but also to make friends with each other. Some members may offer to help schoolmates who have problems with their homework.
Who is the Best School Watcher?
Our school will look for the Best School Watcher and give him or her lots of prizes. You could be the one!
How do you start?
To be part of this plan, the only thing you need to do is to talk to the director of the plan in your grade. If you want to get more information, check the official website atwww. schoolwatch. com.
The question is: School Watch can help its members   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:save the environment
B:organize sports activities
C:improve the quality of school life
D:go on school tripsWhen we think of money, we think of coins and paper bills. That is what money is today. But in the past people used many things in place of money. Some countries used cows. Other countries used salt, tobacco, tea or stones. Today there are stills some places in the world that do not use paper money. One place is the island of Yap in the Pacific Ocean.
On the island of Yap, people use the heavist money in the world --Yap stones. These are round, white stones with a hole in the middle. The Yap stones do not originate from the island. The Yap men have to go to the islands four hundred miles away to fetch them. Big stones can be twelve feet high -- as big as two tall men. Small stones are as big as a dinner plate.
Rich people do not carry the Yap stones. Servants follow the rich. Each servant carries a stone on a pole over his shoulder. Today the people on the island use paper money for everyday shopping. But for other things they still prefer Yap stones.
,.
The question is: What does the word "originate" mean?
The possible answers are:
A:Grow.
B:Come.
C:Develop
D:BeginA men went into a shop to buy a parrot.There were three parrots in the shop.One was $1000; another one, $2000; and the third one, $3000. The man asked the owner, "Is this brid really $1000?That's so expensive for this kind of parrot."The owner said, "Because I have trained him and he can talk." Then the man asked him, "How about this one?What can he do that makes him so expensive?" The owner said, "Well, he can not only talk but also do some amusing actions,like dancing and so on.That"s why he's so expensive?"  Then the man asked, "How about the third one? What can he do that makes him so expensive" The owner of the shop said, "I don't know.Usually,I have never heard him talk, nor   dance, nor say, nor sing, nothing at all! But the other two call him The Boss .
The question is: Why is the third bird the most expensive?
The possible answers are:
A:He can do the most things.
B:He is the most beautiful.
C:He can do some amusing actions.
D:The other birds call him The Boss.Zhang Lin is a middle school student. He is a good boy. Uncle Wu lives next to him. Uncle Wu has no child and can't see anything. He works in the factory   near Zhang Lin's school. He goes to work at 7:30 in the morning and comes home at 4:30 in the afternoon. Zhang Lin walks to school at 8:00 in the morning and comes home at the same time as Uncle Wu in the afternoon. On weekdays Zhang Lin gets up early to take Uncle Wu to the factory. After school he takes him home. On Sundays Zhang Lin helps Uncle Wu clean the house and do some cooking. Uncle Wu thanks Zhang Lin very much. He says, "Zhang Lin is a good boy. He is like my son."
The question is: School is over at  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:3:30
B:4:30
C:5:00
D:7:00"Eat your breakfast. It's the most important meal of the day!" Why are parents always saying that?
Well, a person is like a car. After a long night of sleeping, there is no fuel in your fuel tank . Breakfast is like the fuel. It makes you work or walk on the road.
What should you eat? Any breakfast is better than no breakfast, but try not to have hamburgers or dessert  all the time. They don't have the necessary nutrients . And if you have a hamburger for breakfast, you won't feel full for long.
Try to eat all kinds of foods like grains, fruit, vegetables and drink some milk. Oh, try to eat more apples because an apple a day can help to keep the doctor away.
The question is: Which of the following is true ?
The possible answers are:
A:Any breakfast is better than no breakfast.
B:Some children like eating breakfast at school.
C:Parents are strict with their children
D:Children should have hamburgers for breakfast.I am Lin Feng. This is a picture of my family: my grandfather, my grandmother, my father, my mother, my sister and I. My grandparents are in Beijing now and we are in Zhejiang. My mother is a teacher and my father is a doctor. My sister and I are middle school students. My sister is in Class 1,Grade 8 and I am in Class2, Grade 7. I have a good friend here. Her name is Zhang Ning. We are in the same  class.
The question is: Lin Feng's grandparents are in   _  now
The possible answers are:
A:Beijing
B:Shanghai
C:Zhejiang
D:TianjingThis is a photo of Ben's family. He has a big family. Look! Ben's grandparents are on the sofa. They are workers. They are old, so they don't work now. Ben's father is a doctor. He works in a hospital. He often drives his car to work. Ben's mother is a teacher. She teaches English in our school. The man in white is Ben's uncle. The young woman in red is Ben's aunt. They are office workers. Ben's family live in Beijing now. Ben and I are classmates. We are good friends.
,.
The question is: What does Ben's grandfather do?
The possible answers are:
A:A doctor.
B:A teacher.
C:A farmer.
D:A worker.Do you know that a fast reader can get the ideas better than a slow reader can? Of course, you save time by reading fast, but this is not the main reason for fast reading. The main reason is that you understand better what you are reading when you read fast.
As your eyes move along the line of point, they make fixations   or pauses  . It is important that you see several words at a fixation. It is also important that your eyes leave a group. The numbers of letters or words that you see at a fixation are called your eye span  . Pay more attention to improving your rate of reading. With practice you can learn to read faster than you usually read.
The way in which you read always depends on   what you are reading and for what purpose. You should know the different ways of reading so that you can apply whatever method is necessary. Here are four ways of reading:
(1) Skimming is an important kind of reading. This method can be used when you wish to review something that you have forgotten. You can skim to get the main points.
(2) Rapid   first reading and then rereading certain parts carefully is important. You may use this type of reading to study a science lesson or a history lesson.
(3) You need to do careful reading and rereading sometimes. This type of reading is necessary for making an intensive   study of your school subjects, solving math problems or reading directions.
(4) Rapid reading is used when reading stories for enjoyment. You may also do rapid reading when reviewing materials that you already know well.
The question is: Careful reading is an important kind of reading   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:when you review a lesson that you already know well
B:when you read the directions before using a camera which is expensive
C:when you read a story of enjoyment
D:when you wish to find a lost place that you have readJim: Let's play volleyball, OK?
Tony: Sorry, I don't have a volleyball. But I have a basketball.
Jim: I don't want to play basketball. I only want to play volleyball.
Tony: Who has a volleyball? Do you know?
Jim: Maybe Tom has one. Let's go and ask him. (Say to Tom.)
Hi, Tom! Do you have a volleyball?
Tom: No. I don't. Does Peter have one?
Tony: Oh, yes, he does.
Tom: Hi, Peter! Do you have a volleyball?
Peter: Yes, I do. But it is at home.
Tom: Sorry to hear that!
Tony: Well, let's play basketball. OK?
Jim: OK!
Tom: Peter, please join us.
Peter: OK! Let's play!
,.
The question is: Does Tony have a basketball?
The possible answers are:
A:Yes, he does.
B:No. he doesn't.
C:Yes, he is.
D:No, he isn't.Once upon a time, there were two seeds . They were good friends. They often talked with each other when they were free. One day, they had nothing to do . They lay on the ground. They looked up at the sky and had a chat with each other.
The first seed said, "I want to grow! Then I can enjoy the sun and the rain!" Later, it grew. It had a chance to enjoy the sun and the rain.
The second seed said, "I am afraid of growing up. If I grow, I have to live in the _ . Little animals may come up to me and eat me. How terrible! If I become a beautiful flower, a child will come and pick me. It is much better for me to wait. It's a dangerous way to be alive." It did nothing and refused to grow.
Spring came soon. A duck came up to the seeds. It eat the second seed and went away. See? We shouldn't act like the second seed. We should face our life bravely.
The question is: From the passage, we should
The possible answers are:
A:face our life bravely
B:hide ourselves
C:run away when we are in trouble
D:refuse to growThe worst danger is a house on fire when people are asleep. Always be ready to leave through a window into the garden by making sure you can open it if necessary. If you should be on holiday in a tall building or hotel, make sure you know where the fire escape  is . When you can't find any way out, try to find pieces of cloth and make a rope to get out of a window to safety. If you smell burning in your home, get out right away. If you can't breathe properly because of smoke on your way out, crawl  on your hands and knees because smoke rises and the air will be cleaner near the floor. Smoke is a killer and more people have died from breathing it in than actually being burnt.
Fire in a cinema, hall or public place often means people pushing to reach a door. Keep your head up with arms up in front of your chest .This protects your chest and gives you the best chance to breathe. Above all, don't get frightened!
The question is: Which of the following is NOT true?
The possible answers are:
A:In a fire, more deaths are caused by smoke.
B:The most important thing is not to be frightened in a fire
C:When a public place is on fire, people usually push to leave.
D:Be ready to leave a burning house through a window if there is a garden down below.The big red American car was much too wide for an English country road. When Jack saw it running towards him, he stopped his own car at the side of the road to make room for it to pass. The American car went slowly past, so close that he could see the driver's face clearly.
"Where have I seen that face before?" he though. "Wait a minute! I remember now. It was in the newspaper!" He took all the newspapers from his bag and turned quickly to the middle page. There was a picture of the face in it. Yes, it had a large mouth and small eyes, and his eyes were behind dark glasses.
"Wanted by the police," read by Jack. "The city Bank will give a lot of money to anyone who helps the police to catch this man."
"Call the police at once," he said to himself. But a few minutes later, he was sad. "This man was caught this morning,"  answered the police.
The question is: What did Jack do when he had read the newspaper again?
The possible answers are:
A:He drove to the city bank.
B:He drove to the police.
C:he made a telephone call.
D:He stopped the American car.Subject: party                                                  Hi! Jenny,
My sister Ann and I are going to have a party this Friday at my home. Some friends will be there. Most of them are from the office. My best friend, Tom, will come, too. I want you to meet him.
Do you want to come? We'll play games and talk. Then we'll have dinner. Everyone will bring food or drinks. It begins at 4:00 pm. and ends at 8 or 9 pm.
We'll have a great time! Can you come?I hope so! Let me know soon. Call me or send me an e-mail.
The question is: What will Jenny do first?
The possible answers are:
A:Buy food for the party.
B:Call Tom
C:Send an e-mail to Lisa.
D:Drive to Lisa's house.One day an old man is selling  a big elephant . A young man comes to the elephant and begins to look at it slowly. The old man goes up to him and says in his ear, "Don't say anything about the elephant before I sell it. Then I will give you twenty dollars." "All right," says the young man. After the old man sells the elephant, he gives the young man twenty dollars and says, "Now, can you tell me how you found  the elephant's bad ears ?""I didn't find the bad ears," says the young man. "Then why are you looking at the elephant slowly?" asks the old man. The young man answers, "Because I didn't see an elephant before, and I want to know what it looks like."
The question is: The young man -----  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:is not interested in elephants
B:knows what an elephant looks like
C:saw some elephants before
D:didn't see an elephant beforeMrs. Brown's old grandfather lived with her and her husband. Every morning he went for a walk in the park and came home at half past twelve for his lunch .
But one morning a police car stopped outside Mrs. Brown's house at twelve o'clock, and two policemen helped Mrs. Brown to get out . One of them said to Mrs. Brown . " The poor old man lost his way in the park and phoned to us for help , so we sent a car to bring him home . " Mrs. Brown was very surprised , but she thanked the policemen and they left .
" But , grandfather , "she then said " you have been to that park nearly every day for twenty years . How did you lose your way there ?"
The old man smiled , closed one eye and said , " I didn't quite lose my way , I just got tired and I didn't want to walk home !"
,.
The question is: The old man lived   _
The possible answers are:
A:by himself
B:with his grandfather
C:with his grandson
D:with his granddaughter and her husbandTom, Jean, Jack and Lucy are talking about the movie theaters in the city.
My name's Tom. I go to the Movie Palace twice a month. It's about two kilometers from my home. The service is good. But the price of a ticket is a little expensive. I never go to Moon Cinema. It's about 10 kilometers from my home.
I'm Jean. I go to Moon Cinema more often. There are often new movies on show and the screens are big. Most importantly, the price is cheaper. It's always half price for students, about 30 yuan. I go there once a week.
I'm Jack. I live about 5 kilometers from Moon Cinema and 8 kilometers from Movie Palace. I think the seats in Moon Cinema are hard and the music is too loud. So I prefer to go to Movie Palace. I go to Movie Palace once a month.
I'm Lucy. I prefer to go to Movie Palace. It's in the center of the city and is very modern. I like shopping and there are some shopping centers around. I go there once a month.
The question is: How much is a full-price ticket in Moon Cinema?
The possible answers are:
A:50 yuan.
B:100 yuan.
C:30 yuan.
D:60 yuan.A leading biologist has found the angels and fairies that sit at top of Christmas trees did not get there under their own power.
Prof Roger Wotton, from University College London, found that flight would be impossible for angels with arms and bird-like feathered wings.
"Angels cannot take off and cannot use powered flight," said Prof Wotton. "They would need to be exposed to very high wind velocities at take off - such high winds that they would be blown away."
Some the world's most famous religious paintings and architecture make most Americans believe in angels.
The study found that 68 per cent of the 36,000 adults thought that angels and demons   were at work in the world.
According to the latest study, angels lack the powerful muscles which allow birds to beat their wings.
Prof Wotton's paper explores why there are so many stories about angels. "Angels are very powerful religious icons for people with faith. Their similarity to humans adds to their power. At the same time, they have wings on them because they are more than human. They take messages to heaven and therefore have to fly." said the academic.
The question is: What did the leading biologist find?
The possible answers are:
A:The angels and fairies are very powerful.
B:It's impossible for angels and fairies to fly.
C:The flight would be possible for angels with arms and bird-like feathered wings.
D:The angels and fairies can sit on the tree under their own power.In our town, everyone knows Mrs. Ai loves eating fish heads. When the family have meals together and there is fish in the meal, her children always give her the fish heads first. Only when she is eating outside, she often says "no" to fish heads very politely.
Not long ago, Mrs. Ai dies. Before she dies, some of her old friends come to see her and cook some fish heads for her. At that time she can't eat anything, but she tells her friends a secret, "Thank you very much for cooking me the fish heads. But tell you the truth: I never really love eating fish heads. My family is poor. My husband and children like eating fish. If I eat some, they will eat a little less. If I don't eat any, they will feel sorry. So I have to say I love eating fish heads. In my life, I only wish I could eat the meat of the fish."
Now, if someone says he (or she) loves eating fish heads, I always want to know: Does he (or she) really love eating fish heads or just eat fish heads for love?
The question is: Why does Mrs. Ai say she loves eating fish heads?
The possible answers are:
A:Because she loves her husband and children very much.
B:Because she wants to keep slim.
C:Because she likes eating them very much.
D:Because she is poor and only buys fish heads.Brush your teeth every day, dentists say. In the south of Africa, some people brush their teeth all day long.
They keep a small stick in their mouth to chew or scrub   their teeth all day. People cut the sticks from trees. They are the African toothbrushes. People there are used to brushing their teeth with sticks.
Africans think the sticks work better than toothbrushes. The sticks come from nature, and it is said that there is something special about them. The special thing may stop many kinds of tooth problems. "If you have a bad tooth, it is a medicine," said Diop, a seller in Africa.
The sticks are also much cheaper than toothbrushes.
In Senegal  ,the chewing stick is called "sothio". It means "to clean" in their language. In east Africa,the stick is called "mswaki". It's their word for "toothbrush".
Even the dentists agree that the sticks seem to clean teeth better. Nowadays, some nice health stores in the United States start to sell chewing sticks. They think that the stick is natural kind of tooth care.
The question is: When do the people in the south of Africa brush teeth with sticks?
The possible answers are:
A:In the morning.
B:In the afternoon.
C:In the evening.
D:All day.The snow went on falling, and they could see only a few meters in front of them.
"We should go back," said Judy.She was afraid.
"But where is the path  ?"
Everything was covered with snow.The sky was grey."What's the time?" asked Paul.Judy looked at her watch."Nearly 5 o'clock.It gets dark in an hour."
"We must start walking, and hope we find the path.I think the snow's stopping."said Paul.But it wasn't stopping.The wind was strong.It blew around them, cold and wet.
"Just keep going downhill."said Judy."We can't go wrong."
Then Paul fell on some rocks.He shouted."Judy! I've hurt my leg!" He couldn't stand up.His leg hurt too much.
"I'll have to phone for help."said Judy."I hope the mobile phone works up here!"
Luckily it did.They phoned the mountain service ."Don't move! shouted the man on the phone.Stay where you are, we're sending a team there."
They were not far from the path, so the team found them easily.They were lucky! People often get into trouble when they climb the mountains.You must always tell someone where you are going and take a mobile phone with you.Mountain is a dangerous place to be if things go wrong!
The question is: Where was the path?
The possible answers are:
A:By a river.
B:Downhill.
C:At the foot of the hill.
D:Near the climbers.Not long ago, I asked large mid-aged persons a question. I asked, "How many of you had a hobby when you were children?" Nearly everyone raised a hand. I then asked them to keep their hands in the air if they knew at least one of their children had a hobby. Most of the hands went down. I felt sad. It's terrible if the children don't have a hobby. How I wish all the parents can care their children's hobbies!
Thirty years ago, almost every child in my neighborhood had some kinds of hobbies. Collecting and trading baseball cards was a popular hobby. Others, like coin collecting and stamp collecting, are also popular. One of my friends was collecting photos, another was collecting radios. In fact, hobbies can benefit children in several ways. _ are expressions of personal success and self-discovery . Hobbies also help build self- respect . Hobbies are educational tools, as well. For example, a child who becomes interested in rocketry   --one of the most popular hobbies, can explore those skills in many ways. By working on hobbies, children learn to set goals, make decisions, and solve all sorts of problems.
,.
The question is: Why did the writer feel sad?
The possible answers are:
A:Because the person's children didn't have any hobbies.
B:Because most persons didn't have children.
C:Because the children weren't interested in hobbies.
D:Because the parents didn't pay enough care for their children's hobbies.Many hospitals have blood banks. In these banks, blood of all types is stored. When blood is needed, it is taken from the bank. Healthy people then give blood to the bank to replace   the blood that is used. Blood can be kept in the fridge for about three weeks with a kind of chemical.
When people lose much of their blood because of operations or accidents, they may need transfusions . Some people may need transfusions because of illness. Sometimes only a part of the blood is used for transfusions. Plasma , the liquid part of the blood , may be given alone. Transfusions of plasma are often given when people have been badly burned.
When a person gets a transfusion, he gets blood of the same type as his. Or there may be a bad reaction . To make it safer, before a transfusion is given, the blood to be used must be tested with the blood of the person who is to receive it. This testing is called cross matching of the blood.
Oswald Robertson, an American doctor, was the first one to give transfusions. He used blood that had been stored for some time to help wounded soldiers in 1918 in World War One.
The question is: Blood banks get blood from   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:healthy people
B:operations
C:accidents
D:transfusionsThere was a boy and his family was very rich. One day his father took him on a trip to a place. He wanted to show his son how poor people were there. They spent several days on a farm. There were many poor families living on the farm.
On their way home, the father asked the son, "How was the trip?" "It was great, Dad," the son answered. "Did you notice how poor people were there?" asked his father. "Oh, yes," said the son. "So, tell me," said his father. The son said, "Well, we have one dog and they have four. We have a pool in our garden, while they have a river that has no end. We have expensive lanterns  , but they have stars above their heads at night. We have only a small piece of land to live on, while they have the endless fields. We buy our food, but they grow theirs. We have high walls around our houses to protect us, but they don't need walls, because their friends will protect them."
The father had nothing to say. Then the boy added, "Thank you, Dad, for letting me see how poor we are."
The question is: When the father asked the son how the trip was, the son thought it   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:great
B:tiring
C:terrible
D:boringPut 2 February in your diary! It is World Wetlands Day! It marks the date that the
Convention  on Wetlands was signed in1971.This special day was first celebrated in 1997 and it is celebrated every year.
The celebration is a call for action. It is a way to show people how important and
useful the wetlands are for people. On World Wetlands Day, people around the world take
part in many wetlands activities. People take trips to the local wetlands. There are talks
about how important the wetlands are. People get together to clean up their local wetlands
Children draw pictures to advertise the day. People also compete in boat races.
The World Wetlands Day is important! If there are no wetlands, there will be no water for anyone in the future. Wetlands help protect nature and resources like fresh water. Already,  more than 10000 million people in the world do not have fresh water.
Many people do not know how important the wetlands are. They can understand why an
elephant or a tiger is important because they are big, beautiful animals. It is much harder for
them to understand how important the animals in the wetlands are. These small animals,
such as frogs and snails, play a very important part in keeping the balance of nature.
All plants and animals are part of the food chain .If the small wetlands animals
die, some animals in the food chain will have nothing to eat. They will also die. People
need the wetlands to keep the balance of nature in the world. If we do not protect nature
today,it will be gone tomorrow.
The question is: What should you put in your diary?
The possible answers are:
A:Some frogs.
B:The date of World Wetlands Day.
C:1971
D:Any special day.One day a great general  asks his soldiers, "What is the strongest power  in the world? " Four of his soldiers put up their hands. They want to answer the question. The general asks the first man to speak. The man is younger than the other three, and he's not strong. He says, "My gun  is the strongest. It can kill anyone."  "Thank you. Next, please." The second man is very strong. He says, "I don't think so. Soldiers use guns. So the soldier is the strongest." The third man says, "Soldiers use guns, but our general gives orders. So I think our general is the strongest." The fourth man is the oldest. He says, "Love is the strongest. For love, people don't use guns." The general says nothing. He takes out a medal and gives it to him.
The question is: _   soldiers answer the general's question.
The possible answers are:
A:All the
B:Many of the
C:One of the
D:Four of theMany people like to travel by plane, but I don't like it because the airport is usually far from the city. You have to get there early and wait for hours for the plane to take off. You can't open the windows. You can't choose the food. Planes are fast, but it still takes hours to get out of the airport and into the city.
I like travelling by train. I think trains are safe. Railway stations are usually good in cities. When you are late for a train, you can catch another one. You can walk around in the train and open the window. You can see many interesting things on your way, though it takes a little more time.
I also like cars. You can start your journey whenever you want to, and you don't need to get to a railway station or a bus stop. Also you can carry many things with you in a car. But sometimes there are too many cars on the road.
,.
The question is: Which is not a good thing about the train?
The possible answers are:
A:You can open the window.
B:You can walk around in the train.
C:It takes a little more time.
D:It is safe.Mr and Mrs White live in the country(   ). Christmas Day (  )is coming. They want to buy some clothes for their family in the city . In the morning, Mr and Mrs White have breakfast. Then they go shopping in their car at 8:30. They get to a store at 9:40. In the store they see a lot of clothes. Mrs White likes the clothes very much. So she buys a T-shirt for their son, a skirt for their daughter, and a sweater for Mr White. She buys a hat for herself , too. After that, Mr White is very tired and hungry . He looks at his watch. Then he says, "Oh, it's 4:00 in the afternoon, that's too late. I think we must go home now." So they begin to go home. But they lose their way. Mr White can't find the way home. He sees an old man and asks him, "Excuse me, sir. Where am I?" The old man looks at him and the car, "You're in your car, sir." he says.
The question is: Mr and Mrs White go home   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:in the morning
B:in the afternoon
C:at noon
D:in the eveningDaniel Olin was 11 years old when his parents moved to Canada. He liked his new school and made friends there, but then things at home started to change. His mum and dad began to argue and the arguments got worse and worse until one day, Daniel's mum left. With his father working long hours, Daniel felt very lonely and very unhappy. He wanted to escape, to run away. And that's what he did.
Very early one terribly cold morning when the snow was deep on the ground, he packed a bag with some clothes, some chocolate and a map of Canada and set off to a forest. He ran and ran until he could hardly breathe. His feet were heavy with the snow but he still walked on through deep snow, not even watching where he was going.
Then, disaster struck. A rock hidden by the deep snow caught his feet and Daniel fell to the ground. He had broken the bone. He was very cold and was starting to feel tired, but he knew that if he fell asleep in the snow, he would certainly die from the cold.
A tree shook ahead. From within the branches , a pair of yellow eyes watched Daniel. The puma had been following him. A puma is a large wild cat with claws that could tear  Daniel into pieces. But instead of moving in for the kill, the puma walked up to Daniel and lay across his chest, arms and legs. Daniel was too frightened to move, but soon the warmth of the animal reached Daniel and he began to feel better. From time to time, the puma pressed his muzzle   against Daniel and rocked his head gently. Clearly, the puma knew that Daniel must not fall asleep. This animal should have been a real danger to Daniel and yet the boy began to feel safe.
They remained like that for several hours until Daniel and the puma heard voices. The rescue   team had found them.
The question is: Why didn't Daniel notice the rock that caused him to fall?
The possible answers are:
A:Because it was getting dark.
B:Because the rock was hidden by snow.
C:Because he was frightened by a puma.
D:Because he was too sad to notice it.Tigers are strong and dangerous animals. But now they are in danger.
In the past, there were eight kinds of tigers in the world. But during the 20th century, only five were left. The number of Siberian tigers   was about 300, but now it is less than 22. They're in danger of dying out. If the government does nothing, we won't be able to see them in ten to twenty years.
In order to stop people from hunting and killing wild tigers, and in order to make wild tigers more, the World Wildlife Fund   has started a program   recently  . China and twelve other countries joined it.
However, it's not enough. Remember that nature is a food chain  . If we hurt and kill too many wild deer and pigs, wild tigers will die out because of hunger  . So the most important thing is to save the animals that tigers eat. In order to protect the wild tigers, we need call on   more people to stop eating, hunting and killing wild animals.
,.
The question is: The passage mainly tells us   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:why and how do we protect the wild tigers
B:The government does everything they could to protect the wild tigers
C:the wild tigers will die out in ten to twenty years
D:the most important thing is to save the animals that tigers eatWhat could a poem writer and a movie director share? More than you think! Langston Hughes began writing poems in high school and soon became one of America's greatest writers. Most of his writing is about his experiences as an African American. He wrote poems about people who worked hard through life but still found things to be happy about. He wrote plays and books about justice  for all people, and he wrote kids' books, too. The Sweet and Sour Animal Book is a book of his animal poems. Pictures and photos were used in the book. "Hold fast to dreams" is a line in a famous Hughes poem. That's exactly what he did throughout his life.
When Steven Spielberg was in middle school, he wanted to make a film. He had an idea for a movie, but no money. He started a tree-planting business and made his film with the money he earned. Spielberg never stopped making films, even after many film schools refused him. Today he is one of the most popular and important filmmakers in the world. His movies are about people who are adventurous , brave, kind. His characters often fight for what is good. Some of his films are about his Jewish background, such as Schindler's List. Spielberg once said, "I don't dream that much at night because I dream for a living." In different ways, both Hughes and Spielberg have encouraged people of all ages to reach for their dreams.
The question is: What is the best title of the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:Two Men Who Were Afraid to Dream
B:Two Filmmakers Who Were Afraid to Dream
C:Two Writers Who Weren't Afraid to Dream
D:Two Men Who Weren't Afraid to DreamThere is an elephant and a monkey. They're friends. But one day they want to know who is stronger. One of them says, "Who can get apples over there, who is stronger."
There is a river over there. The monkey says, "I can't swim." The elephant says, "I can swim. Please sit on my back." They go across the river. The apple trees are very tall. The elephant can't reach the apples. The monkey climbs up the tree and gets many apples.
Now they know they should help each other.
The question is: At last the monkey goes across the river with the help of   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:the elephant
B:the monkey
C:an animal
D:a boatA very young boy, Tom, lives a long way from the city. One day he goes to the city to visit his friend, Jack. Jack asks Tom to have lunch together. They go into the restaurant and sit down at a table. Tom looks around and he sees some old people put eye glasses on before reading their books, so after lunch he goes to a shop to buy some glasses, too. He walks along the road, and soon finds a shop. The man in the shop makes him try on a lot of glasses, but Tom always says, "No, I can't read with these."
The man in the shop becomes more and more puzzled  . At last he says, "Excuse me, but can't you read at all?"
"No, I can't." Tom says, "If I can read, do you think I come here to buy glasses?"
The question is: Tom meets some old people   _   .
The possible answers are:
A:far away from the city
B:in the shop
C:in the restaurant
D:in the villageNews Review
APEC Blue   People in Beijing got the saying after the APEC meeting in Beijing. It refers to  the clear blue sky during the meeting. To get such a blue sky, many factories in Beijing and nearby cities stopped work, and the number of cars on the road was cut.
A Warning Ticket   A 24-year-old woman in Nanjing was given a warning ticket for eating food on the subway. Eating is not allowed on Nanjing subway. Up to now, 2,698 people have been punished  because of their eating, smoking or selling goods on the subway.
A Teacher-free Exam    Recently, students at Ningbo Huamao Foreign Language School in Zhejiang took their mid-term exam -a teacher-free exam. After handing out the exam papers, the teachers left the classroom, leaving the students to take the exam without being watched. They only came back to collect the papers at the end.
A Tomato Fight    Do you want a tomato shower? Come to the "tomato fight" in Spain! Once every year, people in the town of Bunol throw tomatoes at each other. Don't worry. It's not a real fight. People do this only for fun.
The question is: APEC Blue refers to   _   in Beijing during the APEC meeting.
The possible answers are:
A:the factories
B:the clear blue sky
C:the people
D:the cars on the roadWhat will you do if you have six million dollars? Different people give different answers.
David  I will buy an island if I have six million dollars. Then I will be the king of the island. I will invite my friends to my island and we'll have a good time there.
Cathy  If I get six million dollars, I want to start my own business and I will do a lot of things for my family. For me, nothing is more important than my family. I will buy a new house for my parents and take them to travel around the world.
Julie   If I have six million dollars, I will put five million in the bank and spend one million. I will visit Sydney, Toronto, Moscow and other interesting cities. I want to try different kinds of delicious food, and build a house with a swimming pool.
Victor  If I have six million dollars, I will use the money to do everything I like. I will use two million to open my own shop. And I will give another four million to schools and charities. I would like to help students in poor areas to get good education. I want everyone to live a happy life.
The question is: Julie will spend   _   million dollars traveling and doing other thing.
The possible answers are:
A:one
B:two
C:three
D:fourA smuggler  drove to the border. When a soldier looked in the truck, he was surprised to find six big bags.
"What's in them?" the soldier asked.
"Dirt," the smuggler answered.
"Take them out," the soldier said. "I want to check them."
The smuggler opened the bags, and sure enough, each one of them was filled with dirt. So the soldier let him go.
A week later, the smuggler came back, and once again, the soldier looked in the truck.
"What's in the bags this time?" he asked.
"Dirt, more dirt," said the smuggler.
Not believing him, the soldier checked the bags and, once again, he found nothing but dirt.
The same thing happened every week for six months, and the soldier finally became so frustrated  that he left and worked as a waiter in a restaurant. Then one night, the smuggler went to the restaurant and had a drink. The waiter saw him and said, "Listen! Drinks are free tonight if you tell me what you were smuggling all that time."
Slowly, the smuggler got close to the waiter and said, "Trucks."
The question is: The soldier found   _   bags in the smuggler's truck for the first time.
The possible answers are:
A:four
B:five
C:six
D:sevenScene 1
On a wild mountain, two goats met on a rock just over a high cliff  . The rock was so narrow that there was neither room for them to pass each other nor to turn round and go back.
One of them with great care laid himself down on the narrow rock, pressing as close to the rock as he could. Then the other goat gently and softly stepped over his friend, till, safely past him, he could lightly get away.
The goat that had lain down then drew himself up, safe and free to leap again from rock to rock, and eat the sweet grass on the hills.
Scene 2
Two other goats met on the banks of a wild, rushing stream. They found there was a tree across the stream. It formed a bridge from one side to the other.
They stood for a moment with one foot on the tree, each thinking that the other would draw back. But neither of them would give away, and they met at last on the middle of the narrow bridge!
They then began to push and fight with their horns  , till at last their feet slipped, and both the goats fell into the stream, and were lost in the waters!
Both might have been saved if either of them had known how to give way to another at the right time.
The question is: How did the two goats in Scene 1 manage to get away from the rock?
The possible answers are:
A:One goat turned around and went back.
B:One goat jumped over the other and walked away.
C:They stood there and passed the rock carefully together.
D:One goat lay down on the rock so that the other could first leave.Some years went by. Then Father Boone called the family together. "Pack your things," he told them. "We are leaving here. Our farmland isn't good to live on. We can buy rich, cheap land in he southwest."
Sixteen-year-old Daniel was happy. "I'm glad we are going," he said. "I feel crowded here. There are too many houses and too many people." Father Boone made ready for the journey. He pushed out the big wagon   and tied two horses to it. Mother Boone packed clothes, dishes, pots and pans. She would make food for the family along the way. The family said goodbye to the neighbors and to their old home, and started.
Mother, the girls, and the little children rode in the wagon. Father and the boys took turns riding the horses. Sometimes all of the Boones walked so that the horses could rest.
Father and the boys had guns to kill birds and small animals for food along the way. The
Boones traveled across Pennsylvania. At last the family came to the green Yadkin Valley in North
Carolina. There were a few houses there already, but the farmland was much broader than that in
Pennsylvania.
Father Boone said, "This is good farmland. We will stop here."
The question is: Why did the Boones move?
The possible answers are:
A:They never stayed long in one place.
B:Their farmland wasn't good to live on.
C:They found a nicer flat.
D:They got too much money.Two years ago,my family moved to a new city and I had to study in a new school.As I had few friends there.I felt lonely.Then I met Tony.The first time I saw him.he was standing in the center of a group of students,telling jokes.The children around laughed from time to time.Tony knew about my problem.He asked me to play basketball with his friends and helped me with my studies.We soon became good friends.
About a year ago,however,Tony's father was killed in an accident.As a result,his family had to move to a small house.Tony changed into a different person.He became silent and he even lost his interest in studies.Several times.I invited him to go out and play basketball with me,but he refused.I wanted to help him,but didn't know what to do.
Then something strange happened in my class.Two classmates lost the money in their schoolbags.
Last Friday,just before the P.E.lesson,I went back to the classroom to get my running shoes I would use.The door was half open.I went in.To my _ ,I saw Tony was searching one of my classmates'schoolbags.I was shocked...
The question is: What caused the change of Tony?
The possible answers are:
A:His father's accident.
B:His strange character.
C:The move of his family.
D:The loss of his interest in playing with his friends.I have a robot friend, Robbi. It looks like my toy car because it moves on four wheels. It is always helpful.
"Come on, Robbi! Bring me milk." "Yes, Sandy," says Robbi. It goes to the kitchen and comes back with a glass of milk. It can find milk among orange juice, water, apple juice. Do you think Robbi is a waiter only good at doing housework? No, it's much more than that! It has brains , too! Let me ask Robbi a few questions.
"Robbi, how many letters are there in English?" "26."
"Who is Barack Obama?" "He is the president of the USA."
When night comes, I need to sleep. It closes its eyes and stands there quietly! In the morning, It opens its eyes and begins to work again.
The question is: Which of the following is NOT true according to the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:Robbi is good at doing his housework.
B:Robbi knows a lot of things.
C:Robbi stands quietly when the writer sleeps
D:Robbi looks like a little boy.In Britain, when people meet each other for the first time, they talk about things like family, work, school,or sports. They ask question like "Do you have any brothers or sisters?" "Where do you work?" "What school do you go to?" and "Do you like sports?" They also ask questions like "Where do you come from?" and "Where do you live?" These are polite questions. They are not personal or private. But some things are personal or private, and questions about them are not polite. People don't ask questions about a person's salary . They don't ask how much or someone is paid for something. It is not OK to ask people questions about politics, party  or religion  unless you know them very well. People don 't ask unmarried people "Why are you single?" and they don't ask a married couple with no children "Why don't you have any children?"
The question is: This passage is mainly about   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:school life
B:politeness
C:working
D:sportMr. Brad wants to see a film. After lunch, he goes to a cinema, buys a ticket  and goes in. But after two or three minutes he comes out again and buys a second ticket and then walks in again.
After a few minutes he comes out again and buys a third ticket. Two or three minutes after that, he comes out a third time and asks for another ticket. But the girl says to him, "Why are you buying all these tickets? Are you meeting your friends in the cinema all the time?" "No, I'm not doing that." Mr. Brad says, "But a big woman always stops me at the gate of the cinema and she tears  all my tickets." The girl has a good laugh and says, "One ticket is enough. She is on duty."
The question is: After lunch, Mr. Brad   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:goes shopping
B:goes fishing
C:goes to the supermarket
D:goes to a cinemaMany of us have had this annoying  experience: You are waiting at a bus station when someone nearby begins to smoke. You move away, but there isn't much you can do about it.
In Beijing, a new law is set to fight against smoking. It is regarded as China's toughest ever tobacco control rule . Smoking is not allowed in all indoor or public places. If people break the rules, they will have to pay up to 200 yuan.
Smoking in schools is specially mentioned in this law. Teachers can not smoke in front of students in schools. Schools should also help students give up smoking and teach them about the danger of smoking.
To get everybody to take part in the activity, Beijing has set up a report hotline and WeChat account . The public is invited to _ on no-smoking signs on WeChat The most popular sign is a picture of a gir1. It has got more than 1 million votes unti1 now.
China is not the only country fighting smoking. In March 2004 Ireland became the first country to introduce a law on smoking in workplaces and public places. Many countries, including England and the US, then fo1lowed.
The question is: If people break the new rule in Beijing, they wil1 have to pay up to  _
The possible answers are:
A:Y=100
B:Y=200
C:Y=300
D:Y=400In China, safety education is becoming more and more important now. The last Monday in March is for students to learn it at school. It helps students learn more about  what  they should do to keep themselves safe. What are the accidents at school? Take a look.
Stampedes , earthquakes and fires are the main accidents at school.
A stampede always happens in crowded places. When students around you begin to push, just stand there and try to hold onto something. If you fall down in the crowd, move to one side and protect your head with your hands around.
When earthquakes happen, you can get under a desk quickly and hold on. It'll protect you from falling things. If you are  outdoors, find a place away from buildings, trees, and power lines.
When there's a fire, leave the classroom quickly. It's better to put  something wet over your mouth and nose. In this way, you won't breathe in smoke. Many people die in a fire, not because of the fire but smoke. It makes them  cough  and they can't breathe. That's very dangerous!  So when you want to get out, you should make yourself close to the floor. Then you can breathe some fresh air.
The question is: What's the best title  for the article?
The possible answers are:
A:Health Education
B:Manners Education
C:Habits Education
D:Safety EducationMan is a born child, his power is the power of growth.
The trees come up to my window like the yearning  voice of the dumb  earth.
You smiled and talked to me of nothing and I felt that for this I had been waiting long.
The fish in the water is silent, the animal on the earth is noisy, the bird in the air is singing.
But Man has in him the silence of the sea, the noise of the earth and the  _ of the air.
The world rushes on over the strings of the lingering  heart making the music of sadness.
We come nearest to the great when we are great in humility.
The mist, like love, plays upon the heart of the hills and brings out surprises of beauty.
Your voice, my friend, wanders in my heart, like the muffled sound of the sea among these listening pines.
What is this unseen flame of darkness whose sparks are the stars?
Let life be beautiful like summer flowers and death like autumn leaves...
The question is: Which of the following is the most suitable for  _  ?
The possible answers are:
A:music
B:film
C:need
D:valueThe story happens on an island  called Berk. Hiccup, a Viking   teenager, lives with his tribe   on the island. The Vikings are strong and good sailors . They often go on adventures  . Fighting dragons is one of their traditions. Hiccup's father, Stoick the Vast, is the leader of the island. He hopes his son will become as strong as him and be the leader one day.
But it does not seem to go well for him. Hiccup is nothing like his father. He is weak. People say he is not suitable to be the future leader. But Hiccup is smart and has a great sense of humor.
Now Hiccup and other Viking teens are in Dragon Training. Hiccup will have to show others that he has what it takes to be a fighter.
One day Hiccup hits a dragon with a stone cannon  . He finds the hurt dragon named Toothless. Hiccup sets Toothless free and the two became friends.
But his new friendship goes against the village's tradition. He has to stop others from killing the dragon!
Will Hiccup be able to save his friend? What difficulties will he have to face? Go to see How to Train Your Dragon, a Hollywood 3D cartoon film. You'll find the answer. The film comes out on March 26.
The question is: Hiccup, a Viking teenager is  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:the leader of the island
B:as strong as his father
C:not so strong as his father
D:good at killing dragonsKeeping better eating habits can help you reduce   disease. _ means choosing the right foods to eat and preparing foods in a healthy way.
 _ 
Do you often change your toothbrush? Maybe you think it is not necessary. A study shows old toothbrushes bring disease. You should often change your toothbrush.
Exercise
Swimming, running, skating, skiing, dancing, walking and some other activities can help you stay healthy. You should exercise at least three times a week and for twenty minutes or more each time. Do it.
Plan out your life
You should have breakfast before you go to school. Have a proper   meal for lunch. A proper diet can also help you stay healthy.
The question is: What's the passage mainly about?
The possible answers are:
A:Healthy food.
B:Healthy lifestyle  .
C:Junk food.
D:Healthy sports.Daniel likes to do something to protect the environment in his daily life. Next Sunday is his friend's birthday. He is going to buy some gifts online for his friend. Now he is visiting the following website for some information about gifts.
Welcome to Nature Posters - the world's largest collection  of nature posters and fine art prints!
We make a donation to help the environment when each nature poster is sold through this website!
Please tell your friends about us, and remember us when you are gift shopping.
Daniel chose the following two beautiful pictures as gifts from the website:
Parrots in Blue: $5.99                    Sharks: $7.99
The question is: Nature Posters is a website   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:to help people plan their birthday parties
B:only to provide information about nature
C:to tell people how to buy birthday presents
D:to help protect nature by selling posters or printsAfter our hospital visit, my husband and I needed cheering up, so we thought we would treat ourselves to a big breakfast at our favorite restaurant. While we were waiting for our meals, we decided to use all our small change and make our wallets light, so we counted it out as we waited.
I vaguely  remember seeing a man sitting nearby. When our meals arrived, we found a note. It read," Your breakfast has been paid for. Hope you have a lovely day."
It was a wonderful surprise as nothing like that had ever happened to us. He must have thought we could hardly pay the bill. We looked around to thank him, but he had left. As retirees ,we were grateful for the help like this, but it was the kindness of a total stranger that meant so much more to us.
The question is: Clearly, the man sitting near the couple was   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:poor
B:rich
C:helpful
D:gratefulThe Spring  Festival  is the biggest  festival  for Chinese people all around the world.. The  celebration  usually lasts for 15 days. There is a lot to do.
On the eve of the Spring Festival, family members get together and have big meals. Their favourite dish on this day is dumplings.
Days before the Spring Festival, families will clean their homes. People think cleaning sweeps away bad luck. It makes the house ready for good luck.
The colour red is everywhere during the Spring Festival. People think red is a happy colour and will bring them a bright future. People wear red, too. They decorate   their homes with pieces of red paper. Kids get a lot of "hong bao". It is a red paper bag with money in it. Usually, older people give younger ones hong bao. They think it brings good luck.
The Spring Festival is the time to make everybody happy. So don't say any bad words or do anything that will bring unhappiness to other people.
For instance, you'd better not say any bad words like "death". Don't break anything. People think that it means your luck is _ 
Also, don't borrow or lend money on these days. If you have borrowed money, return it before the Spring Festival.
,:
The question is: Why do people clean their houses days before the Spring Festival?
The possible answers are:
A:Because they enjoy being clean.
B:Because it is believed that cleaning will sweep away bad luck.
C:Because they think it will bring happiness to others.
D:Because it is thought that cleaning brings in money.I am a student in China now. My name is Kelly Smith. I live with my parents, two sisters and a brother in Beijing. My parents teach English in No.6 Middle School. I study in the same school. I am happy here, because I like my new school and the classmates. They are very friendly  to me. They like to play with me because I look different from them. I have blue eyes and long blonde hair. They often say I look like a doll . Also I speak English well, so lots of students like to talk with me to improve   their English.
The question is: --What color are Kelly's eyes?
The possible answers are:
A:Blonde
B:Black
C:Blue
D:BlackMr and Mrs Brown are from America. They are now teaching English in Beijing .Their son Jack is with them. Jack speaks English. They want him to learn some Chinese. Jack is in Grade Three in a Chinese school .He likes to play with  Chinese children every day. He listens to Chinese, speaks Chinese, reads books in Chinese and writes in Chinese. He is good at his Chinese.
The question is: Where are Mr and Mrs Brown from ?
The possible answers are:
A:Beijing.
B:China.
C:America.
D:EnglandGrygori Pilikian spent his 114th birthday the other day and some reporters visited him to find out the secret of a long life.
"The secret of a long life is happiness," Grygori said. "If you are happy, you will live a long time."
"Are you married?" a reporter asked. "Yes," Grygori answered. "I married my third wife when I was 102. If you are happily married, you will live better. But for  my third wife, I would have died years ago."
"What about smoking and drinking?" another reporter asked. "Yes, they are important," Grygori said. "Don't smoke at all and you will feel well. Drink two glasses of wine a day and you will be healthy and happy."
The question is: Some reporters visited Grygori because  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:he was a happy man
B:he was a friend of them
C:he had lived to be much longer than most people
D:he had married three timesLong long ago, a king had a big rock placed in the middle of a very busy road. Then he hid nearby to see if anyone would move the rock out of the way to make it convenient for others. Some of the king's wealthiest supporters came past and simply walked around it. Many others complained about the rock and some blamed the king for the problem. To the king's surprise, no one did anything about moving it out of the way.
Finally, a poor farmer came along, carrying a load of old vegetables. When he saw the rock, he put down his load, and tried to move the heavy rock to the side of the road. No one stopped to help him. Many laughed at him and made jokes as they walked past. Finally, after much pushing and straining, and with no help , the farmer managed  to get the rock to the side of the road. As he bent down to pick up his vegetables, he noticed a small bag lying in the road, exactly where the rock had been. There was a lot of money and a note in the bag. The note was from the king saying that the money was for the person who moved the rock out of the way.
Taking responsibility  is about solving hard problems. The farmer takes responsibility when no one else is prepared to. It does not always mean that you will get an instant reward, but it is a value that builds up a community, and makes life better for all of us.
The question is: Why did the king put a big rock in the middle of the road?
The possible answers are:
A:To see if anyone would move the rock away.
B:To see who was the most powerful.
C:To find out who was the most poorest.
D:To see how people walked around it.Many teenagers feel that the most important people in their lives are their friends. They believe that their family members don't know them as well as their friends do. In large families, it is quite often for brothers and sisters to fight with each other and then they will go to their friends for some ideas.
It is very important for teenagers to have one good friend or a group of friends. Even when they are not with their friends, they usually spend a lot of time talking to them on the phone. This communication is very important in children's growing up, because friends can discuss special things. These things are difficult to say to their family members.
However, parents often try to choose friends for their children. Some parents may even stop their children from meeting their friends. Have you ever thought of the following questions?
Who choose your friends?
Do you choose your friends or your friends choose you?
Have you got a good friend your parents don't like?
Your answers are welcome?
The question is: Many teenagers think that   _  will understand them better.
The possible answers are:
A:brothers
B:sisters
C:friends
D:parentsHow much pocket money do you get from your parents every month? Maybe 200 yuan? But for Li Beibei, 30 yuan each month is enough. The only thing she buys is lunch--1.5 yuan each day. "Meat is too expensive for me," said Li.
Li, 14, is a Junior 1 student at Beijing's Xingzhi Experimental School. Her parents are migrant workers . They came to Beijing from a village in Luohe, He'nan two years ago. Her father now works as a cleaner and gets 500 yuan every month. Her mother has no job.
Li Beibei has 460 friends at Xingzhi. Every day, Li gets up at 5:30 am and rides her bike for 20 minutes to get to school. Like many teens, Li has a lot of homework--usually at least one hour every day. But that is not all her work. During the weekdays she helps her mum cook. On weekends, she helps wash clothes. "I could cook when I was eight. Dad said sometimes I cook better than Mum!"
Li said she wanted to be a doctor. "I watch TV and find out there are many people with AIDS in He'nan. Some are kids. They need help," said Li.
But she is afraid to leave school. "I hope I will always be in school," said Li. "Dad works hard to get money. I promise him I will study hard to be a good student and a good doctor in the future."
The question is: Her wish is to be a doctor because she wants to   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:help poor farmers
B:help the people with AIDS
C:make her parents healthier
D:help poor kidsWe spend hours, days and years of our lives in school. Imagine you could design   your dream school, what would it be like? What would you be doing? We wanted to find out what teenagers around the world thought. Here is what they said:
Richard from the USA: My dream school would have a big swimming pool and two soccer fields. It would also have a cinema, a gym and a shopping center. My school has none of these, and I think there should be more pleasant things for students to do while they are studying.
Sonia from Italy: I'd like a room where we can relax and play computer games. I'd also like to have a music room. I think there should be a place for everyone to go and relax after class.
Wu from Beijing: I think it would be great to have another day off every week, besides the weekend. If that day was a Friday or a Monday, we would have a long weekend every week. What fun! I also think school should start later, at about 10 o'clock, and finish earlier.
Hannah from Australia: In my dream school, I think the teachers should give us more freedom and choice about how we study and what we study. I also think it's not necessary for us to wear school uniforms every day. I really don't like wearing it.
The question is: How many days off does Wu want to have in a week?
The possible answers are:
A:Two.
B:Three.
C:Four.
D:Five.Good afternoon! I'm Alice. My last name is Smith. I'm in a red jacket. I'm in Xingfu Middle School. My phone number is 569-2679. This is Cindy Brown. She is my good friend. She is in a yellow jacket. She is in Xingfu Middle School, too. What's her phone number? It's 865-2397.
The question is: Which of the following is TRUE  ?
The possible answers are:
A:Alice's phone number is 568-2679.
B:Cindy's jacket is purple.
C:The writer's   first name is Cindy.
D:Alice and Cindy are in the same  school.If you were asked what your body is made of, probably you would say that it is made of flesh  and bones and covered with skin. You also know something about the blood which flows through it, and that there is a very important part which we call the brain.
But the flesh and the bones make up the largest part of the body, and there is a good deal to be learned about them. You know the general appearance of both flesh and bone from the parts of animals which you see in the butcher's shop.
Bone is hard, and of a white color; indeed, it looks more like a piece of wood or stone than a part of a living animal. But bone is a real part of the living body, and it grows and is nourished  just as the body is. If a man breaks the bone of his arm or his leg, it is firmly bound up, to prevent the broken parts from moving out of the proper places, and in time then bone grows together again and becomes quite strong.
The bones are fastened together by various kinds of joints . They form the framework of the body, and give it strength to retain its proper shape. This framework is called the skeleton . Some animals, such as worms and slugs, have no skeleton; and others, such as shellfish, have a kind of hard covering or skeleton outside.
The most important part of the skeleton is the backbone. It is so important that naturalists divide all animals into two classes,--- those which have a backbone and those which have none. All the higher animals, including man, have a backbone, or vertebral column as it is called. They are therefore called vertebrate  animals. The others are called invertebrate animals.
The question is: From the passage, we know higher animals are called  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:backbone
B:human beings
C:vertebrate animals
D:skeletonOnce upon a time, a young man was standing in the middle of the town announcing that he had the most beautiful heart in the world. A large crowd gathered, and they al praised his heart for it was perfect.
Suddenly, an old man appeared and said, "Why ,your heart is not as beautiful as mine."
The old man's heart was ful of scars . Some pieces of his heart were removed and some pieces from other people were put in, but they didn't fit quite right. So there were several jagged edges. In fact, there were stil some holes in his heart where the pieces were missing.
The  young  man  laughed,"Comparing yours with mine, mine is perfect and yours is a mess."
"Yes,"said the old man. "But, every scar shows that I took out a piece of my heart and gave it to a person, and often he gave me a piece of his heart in return."
"Why do you have some jagged edges in your heart?"asked the young man."Because the shapes of the pieces weren't the same.""Then the holes?""Sometimes I gave pieces of my heart away, and the other person hasn't given back a piece of his, so ... but I don't care.""How come?""They remind me of the love we shared."
The young man was deeply moved. He walked up to the old man, took a piece of his heart out and gave it to the old man.
The old man placed it in his heart, then took a piece from his old scarred heart and placed it in the wound in the young man's heart. It fitted, but not perfectly, as there were some jagged edges.
The young man looked at his heart, not perfect any more but more beautiful than ever.
How sad it must be to go through  life  with  a  whole untouched heart!
The question is: It's clear that the old man was   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:a silly man
B:a humorous man
C:a well-known man
D:a kind-hearted manEver since I was a little child, my parents have told me to be honest because it is the right thing to do. As I got older, I realized something very important. If just once you are _ and tell a lie, it will greatly change people's opinions about you and their way of acting toward you. When you tell a lie, you lose that person's trust forever or have to work your whole life to get it back.
It is my personal goal to achieve great things in life and honesty  will sure help me get there. For me right now losing somebody's trust would be a truly terrible thing. My parents would be stricter on the things they let me do and the places that they used to let me go to. My friends would never again tell me a secret or believe many things I told them. Whatever you do for a living or wherever you live, honesty is something very important.
Honesty gets you much higher in life while telling a lie can make you get into more problems. I can already tell that the great people I have met so far are all honest people.
I hope that I'll never fall into a situation where I'll lie. Honesty is just as important to me as my family. Already, I know it is something that will improve my future and my relationship with all people. It is something about myself that I hope never to lose no matter what happens. Honesty will help me no matter whether I'm at school, home or just hanging out with friends. It is something that I hope my children will also have and value.
The question is: What does the writer want to tell us in the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:Ways to be honest.
B:Honesty is very important for us to achieve our goals.
C:True friendship is based on(...) others' trust.
D:Honesty can make us live a happy life.A picture is on my desk. It is a picture of Mary's family. The man is her father Mr. White. He is a doctor. A woman is behind Mary. She is her mother. She's a teacher. A boy is in the picture, too. He is Mary's brother, Sam. Mary and Sam are in the same school. But they aren't in the same grade. They look like their mother. The White family are English. They come from London.
The question is: What does Mrs. White do?
The possible answers are:
A:She's a doctor.
B:She's a teacher.
C:She's a nurse.
D:She's a farther.When I was in the second grade,my teacher gave all her students some seeds . She told us to watch the magic of the seeds once we planted them. Excitedly,I put a few seeds in my pot. I watered them for a few days and purple flowers came out.
In class,I reported back to my teacher that the magic was the purple flowers. My classmates reported back with the red,white or yellow ones. I was wondering why we didn't have green flowers. When the bell rang,we drew a conclusion" a flower garden is beautiful",and this was my first gardening experience.
Years later,one day,when we drone by Naperville downtown in a summer. Mom pointed out a big land." Look,this is the community garden land." she told me." What is a community garden land?" I asked." When people live in apartments or town homes,they don't have much land. People pay a little money to rent a piece of land from the city. They can grow anything." Why don't we rent one?" I curiously asked." We don't need to. We have a house,so we have a small piece of land."
A few years ago,an older couple moved in next door. They gave us some tomatoes from their garden. They grew the best tomatoes I had ever tasted. I asked my mom to buy some tomatoes just like our neighbors'. Mon said it was impossible to buy those tomatoes from the supermarket.
So,last year,I decided to try. I had my dad dig out a small land in the back yard of our house,put it some peat moss and mushroom compost . For the start,I only planted some tomatoes and cucumbers. Day by day,I looked after my garden and took out weeds .I was surprised to see that cucumbers actually grow on the vine,and my tomatoes had a special kind of earthly smell.
At the same time,I found myself suddenly having an interest in weather. I always wished rain to water my little garden. My brother Alex _ me." You are an old farmer now."
One day,I found some tomatoes gone in one plant. I was a little sad. Who dared to steal my ttomatoes? It was a few rabbits. When I was about to drive them away,my dad stopped me and said," Alice,the rabbits are thirsty. Let them eat as much as they want. Sharing your food is a good thing."
Later on,I found people picking a few tomatoes in my little garden and eating them with a satisfying smile. I never said a word. Instead,I felt joy in my heart. When harvest time came,I picked so many fresh cucumbers and delicious tomatoes.
In America,people grow gardens everywhere. The air is always fresh and clean because of many trees,different plants and beautiful flowers. People there learn to love our earth,and love hearing the expression" go hug a tree". Gardening needs lots of hard work and patience,but mother earth rewards us a lot.
The question is: Which can be the best title for the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:My Little Garden
B:Gardening Experiences
C:My Magic Plants
D:Gardening KnowledgeGood morning. My name is Eric. This is my schoolbag. What color is it? It's blue and white. And what's this in English? It's a pen. It is a black pen. This is a ruler. It's yellow.
The question is: I'm   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:Eric
B:Cindy
C:Dale
D:FrankMy name is Sabrina. I'm 23 years old. I come from London. Now I live   in Beijing. I love teaching English. I think it's interesting. I can speak Chinese, too. I have experience   in teaching English in China. My e-mail address is sabrina@sina.com.
I'm Bill, an 18-year-old student. I live in Nanjing now. I can play the guitar well. I like to be a teacher. I have free time on weekends. Do you want to learn the guitar? Please call me at 15069606503.
I'm June Smith. I'm 25. I can swim well. I want to be a swimming teacher. I love kids and I'm good with kids. I can help them learn to swim. If you need a teacher in your club, please e-mail me at june@sina.com.
.
The question is: Lisa needs a swimming teacher. She can   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:call June
B:e-mail June
C:call Sabrina
D:e-mail SabrinaZhou Yan, a Junior 3 student, wishes he never got a mobile phone. Last week, he went to see a doctor because his arms and fingers  were injured. The doctor told him that he had had "mobile phone disease ". A growing number of teenagers are getting "mobile phone disease" because more and more are using mobile phones.
Zhou got his mobile phone five months ago. He sent messages to his friends with it all the time, even when going to bed. Zhou started to do badly in exams because he spent too much time playing with his mobile phone. His mom got very angry with him, but he didn't stop playing with the mobile phone until his arms got injured.
Yang Ling, a doctor, says that if someone uses his mobile phone too much, like Zhou Yan, he might get "mobile phone disease". If teenagers find their arms or fingers hurt , they should go to see a doctor as soon as possible. Yang says teenagers should try to use their mobile phones less, especially  at school.
The question is: Yang Ling thinks teenagers should  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:go to see a doctor very often
B:use mobile phones more when they are at school
C:use mobile phones less and less
D:not use mobile phones anymoreWho is smarter, human being or artificial intelligence(AI, )?The question swept the world a few months ago. In March 2016, AlphaGo, an AI program developed by Google, had the Go  match with Lee Sedol, a South Korean Go player. He is the world top player of this old Chinese game.
In October 2015, AlphaGo became the first computer program to beat a professional  human Go player. And this time, it beat Lee Sedol 4-1.
In fact, before the match, most people believed that Lee would certainly be the winner, because they didn't think that AI was good enough to beat the human mind. However, the result was disappointing. As a machine, AlphaGo would never get tired, while Lee Sedol was only a human and humans must have some weaknesses.
AlphaGo's wins over a human champion  show that computers can do more difficult tasks. Some people may worry whether computers are now smart enough to beat us at everything. But scientists say that is not the case. Real life problems can be more difficult than the Go game. Thomas Johnson, a scientist of AI said, "It's not hard to get a computer program to remember and produce facts. What is hard is getting computers to use knowledge in everyday situation. " We believe we can use the technology of AI to improve the world.
The question is: What does Thomas Johnson probably agree with?
The possible answers are:
A:AI does better than humans in every situation.
B:It's hard for AI to beat the human at everything.
C:The development of AI could be harmful one day.
D:AI should be used to help us make difficult decisions.Learning English is just like learning to ride a bicycle. When learning English becomes a kind of habit, everything will become easier.
Please think about how we learned to ride a bicycle. There are four stages  : At the first stage, the child doesn't know what it is to ride a bicycle, nor can he ride. So look at ourselves, when we learned English at the first time, we were also in this condition.
And then is the second stage. Although the child cannot ride himself, he grows and understands what it is to ride a bicycle. So, at this time, teachers are our navigation   marks.
So according to this, we are just like the child starting to learn and now come to the third stage. He can ride a bicycle but has to think every time how to do it.
At last, the fourth stage comes when the child has practiced consciously   riding the bicycle so much that he doesn't have to think. Riding a bicycle becomes a kind of habit. He can talk to people and wave   to others while riding.
Learning English is just like learning to ride a bicycle. When learning becomes a kind of habit, we'll find we can be successful not only in English but also in other subjects. When learning becomes a kind of habit, I think, no, I believe, one day we'll succeed and the success will belong to us forever.
,,.
The question is: Learning English is   _   .
The possible answers are:
A:like riding bikes
B:learning to ride bikes
C:like learning to ride bike s
D:as easy as riding bikesMy name is Daniel. Let me talk about my day. I get up at 6:30 a.m. and I read English for about half an hour. I eat breakfast at about 7:10 a.m. I go to school by bus at about 7:40 a.m. My school starts at 8:20 a.m. In the morning, I have three lessons. I like English best. At 11:20 a.m., we have lunch at school. After lunch, on Monday and Thursday, I go to the school library. On Tuesday and Friday, I go to the art room. And on Wednesday, I go to English Club. We have our class at 2:30 p.m., and we only have two lessons in the afternoon. School is over at 4:00 p.m. We can go home on the school bus. We always have a good time at school.
The question is: How many classes are there in Daniel's school every day?
The possible answers are:
A:Four
B:Five
C:Six
D:SevenSugar--free beets that still taste sweet, tastier tomatoes and brighter-colored fruits and vegetables that stay ripe longer are all foods that are being grown now. How can they
carry traits, such as being tastier, brighter, and riper? They are genetically engineered.
Genetic engineering is like making a change in a recipe. For example, when you make cakes, you mix together all of the usual ingredients. If you add an extra ingredient, like salt, the cakes will taste differently.
Genes are ingredients in the recipe for life. They carry the traits of living things. Your genes dictate what color hair and eyes you'll have, how tall you'll be, as well as many other traits. Genes carry traits for plants, too. By adding genes to a plant, you can sometimes create new traits. For example, adding a certain gene to a potato plant can make the potato plant distasteful to bugs . This makes some farmers happy because they don't have to use chemicals to keep bugs away from their plants.
It sounds great, but some people are opposed to the idea of food that is genetically engineered. Ronnie Cummins, from the Campaign for Food Safety, is against it. He says that one of the major concerns is allergies . Supermarkets don't always label foods that are genetically engineered. A customer could unknowingly buy food that has an added gene from another plant that he or she is allergic to. It could be dangerous.
Gary Burton from Monsanto, a seed company that engineers food, disagrees. He says his company tests for allergies. Burton believes that genetic engineering is a valuable tool for making better food. The technology can help farmers use less insecticide and grow healthier crops. Burton thinks there are many advantages.
But Cummins says that we just don't know what will happen in the future if we keep adding genes to foods. We could mistakenly create a monster.
People have different opinions about genetic engineering. One side supports it and thinks it will only help us. The other side is opposed to playing with nature and fears health risks. Which side do you think is right?
The question is: What could be a good thing about food that is genetically engineered?
The possible answers are:
A:It's more expensive.
B:It could taste different.
C:It requires less insecticide.
D:It's not labeled in the supermarket.Many people catch a cold in the spring time and / or fall.  It makes us wonder .if scientists can send a man to the moon, why they can't find a cure for the common cold. The answer is easy. There are exactly hundreds of kinds of cold viruses there. You never know which one you will get, so there isn't a cure for each one.
When a virus attacks your body, the body works hard to get rid of it. Blood rushes to your nose and brings congestion with it .You feel terrible because you can't breathe well, but your body is actually "eating" the virus. Your temperature rises and you get a fever, but the heat of your body is killing the virus. You also have a running nose to stop the virus from getting to your cells.  You may feel miserable, but actually your wonderful body is doing everything it can to kill the cold.
Different people have different remedies for colds. In the United States and sane other countries, for example, people might eat chicken soup to feel better. Some people take hot baths and drink warm liquids.  Other people take medicine to stop the fever, congestion, and running nose.
There is one interesting thing to note - some scientists say taking medicines when you have a cold is actually bad for you. The virus stays in you longer because your body doesn't have a way to fight it and kill it .Bodies can do an amazing job on their own.  There is a joke, however, on taking medicine when you have a cold. It goes like this:
The question is: The scientists think    _    .when someone catches a cold.
The possible answers are:
A:they have many ways to cure the patients
B:it's difficult to find a good way to cure the patients
C:taking hot baths and drink warm liquids can cure the patients
D:people should eat chicken soup to cure themselvesA 2-year-od boy is being described as a hero after using Face Time to save his mother after she was badly hurt.
According to a report from KGUN, Laura was trying to stop a fight between two dogs when one of the dogs bit  part of her middle finger almost completely off.
Laura tried to call 911 herself, but she said her hands were too badly hurt to make the call. " I asked my daughters to call 911, and they're four, and they were quite afraid to even touch the phone, because it was covered in my blood ," Laura told KGUN.
The mother continued to lose a lot of blood and thought she would go into a deep sleep--until her 2-year-old son Bentley came up with a dishcloth from the kitchen. After cleaning some of the bold off his mother's iPhone, Bentley continued to use Face Time to call Laura's friend Connie.
"All I could see was his little forehead. I said 'Hi Bentley' and it was quiet for a little bit. Then I heard Laura shouting," Connie told KGUN.
Connie then called 911, and Bentley unlocked the door to let firefighters into the house.
Laura told KGUN she is very thankful for her little hero and has since taught all of her children how to call 911.
The question is: Through Face Time   _   learned about the accident and called 911 at last.
The possible answers are:
A:Laura's son
B:Laura's daughter
C:Laura's friend
D:Laura's husbandMy name is Lin Hui. I like to tell stories about people who work together. What is even better is when countries help each other and build a good friendship. An excellent example of this happened when Britain and China worked together to bring the Milu deer back to China.
Milu deer, a kind of animal with large horns , used to be common in China long ago. Like other deer they lived together and ate grass and the soft parts of trees. Milu deer were often killed for food or sport. The Ming and Qing dynasties  did not protect them and many were killed. That is how the Milu deer disappeared from China.
Luckily before all of them were killed, some were taken to Britain to improve the environment of the beautiful park which belonged to the Duke of Bedford. He liked them so much that he took them from China to Britain. Milu deer liked the cool, wet weather in England and their number increased year by year. As a result, when in 1985 the government of China wanted to bring back the Milu deer, the Duke of Bedford was able to help. The first deer came back to China to the Nanhaizi Milu Park 20 kilometers south of Beijing and the centre in Dafeng, Jiangsu province.
The deer certainly seem happy to be back in China because their number has grown quickly. There are now so many of them that a new park has been opened for them in Hubei Province. At the moment the Milu deer live in centres where they are being well protected and cared for. It is hoped that one day there will be enough animals to let them live in the wild again.
294words
The question is: The Milu deer disappeared long ago in China because_.
The possible answers are:
A:they were not well protected
B:they could find nothing to eat
C:they died of a serious disease
D:they had the habit of living togetherIn the deep blue Indian Ocean, there's a beautiful island   country called Maldives . It's the smallest in population and area of all the Asian countries. It has an area of 90,000 km2, but 99% of the area is covered by the sea. It has 1,190 islands and is about 820 km from North to South. People live on no more than 200 islands, while another 87 are visited by tourists. _ The capital Maleis is on one of the middle islands, and about 75,000 people live there. The people there are friendly and welcoming. They use their traditional games to welcome people from all over the world. It is sunny on the islands almost every day, and makes them look so beautiful. People can enjoy lots of things in Maldives.
The question is: What does the writer mean "Some of the islands are only used for fishing or farming"?
The possible answers are:
A:There are no people living on some islands in Maldives.
B:Tourists are everywhere in Maldives.
C:People in Maldives like traveling very much.
D:People in Maldives can do nothing except fishing or farming.My name is Paul Miller. Sometimes I am too fat,  but lately I do not have this problem. My doctor tells me to jog. So early every morning I run for two miles. I do not run fast,  but I do not stop to rest. I jog before breakfast.
People call me a jogger. There are many joggers on my street. We often run together in the park or along the road. Jogging helps to keep us strong and healthy.
Jogging is very popular in the United States. People like to feel well and look nice. When my neighbors and I jog,  we help to keep our hearts and legs strong.
Many people do not jog,  but they do not get fat. They work hard on their jobs and they do not need to run before they go to work.
Diets are also popular. People on diets do not eat many foods that will make them fat. They learn to eat fruits and vegetables instead of candy or cakes.
My doctor tells me to eat only three meals a day. A diet is not necessary if I do not eat between meals. Some people like to eat many times a day. This is called snacking.
I feel healthy and my doctor is happy because I jog every day and I do not snack in the evening or after breakfast.
The question is: Jogging is a king of sport. One has the sport with  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:hands
B:legs
C:head
D:backPeople usually think it is very easy to cook instant noodles . They usually put the noodles into the boiling water and add in the MSG, together with the other things like eggs or vegetables. However, have you ever wondered if this is the correct way of cooking them?
Do you know what is on the surface of the noodles? People use something like wax to cover the noodles when they make them, so that the noodles can join together nicely before they are put into the _ . Many people enjoy eating them without thinking of this. But a report said the wax covered on the noodles was very bad for our bodies. They said it needed about 2-3days to clear away the wax in our bodies after we ate it. So it is dangerous to have too much wax stayed in our stomachs. But it is not difficult to wash away the wax. Before you cook the noodles, wash them with hot water and then pour away the water. Do it like this twice, and you can wash the wax away. Then and you can cook the noodles as usual.
The question is: What's the possible meaning of the underline word "packaging"?
The possible answers are:
A:A deep round pan, usually metal, used for cooking food.[:Zxxk.Com]
B:A deep round dish with a wide open top, used for holding food.
C:Plastic used to cover food before you put into the fridge.
D:Materials used to wrap or protect food that are sold in shops.What fun the animals' party was! The zebras did a great job with the decorations.The lions and giraffes put together delicious food.No one knew music like the forest birds.The bears made clever posters to spread the news to all the animals.
When the talent shows began, one of the monkeys hurried out to the dance floor.He was a dancing fool! The birds played some lively music.When the music stopped, the animals clapped and shouted.The monkey returned to his table.Friends gathered around to shake his hand and praised   about his skills.
The elephant saw all the attention the monkey was getting.He wanted some attention for himself."I can dance too," he told himself."I will show these animals what I can do!"
The elephant hurried out to the dance floor.He started to dance.It was not pretty.The elephant knocked over the table that held the wine bowl!
"Give up your dance!" a gorilla called.
"What are you doing?" cried three frogs."Stop it!"
The other animals shouted.They were sad about the elephant for making a mess! They chased   him off the dance floor and away from the party.
The bears shook their heads and said, "One should never try to be what one is not."
The question is: The    _    did the decorations for the party.
The possible answers are:
A:zebras
B:monkeys
C:lions
D:giraffesIt all started when I was two years old. My parents didn't get along and got divorced . I hated that I couldn't see both of my parents at the same time. So my dad, my younger sister, Alexis, and I went to live with my grandma and grandpa. We lived with them for almost six years. My mom, on the other hand, lived with her boyfriend Michael in Oklahoma. My life was really good, but when my mom called to check up on my sister and me, I cried myself to sleep. I missed her so much.
My life at my grandparents' house was really nice. And then on Friday, May 15, 2002, my grandpa died of cancer. I cried for seven days straight. My dad and his new wife were worried about me. So they took me to the doctor and they said that I was too sad and that I needed to find something happy and healthy to do during the day.
I prayed to God every night saying that I was sorry for getting myself sick and I also prayed for him to take care of my grandpa. I still pray to this day. And now, at my mom's house, she has a four-year-old girl, my half-sister, Macie. And I have my step-dad , Michael, there for me. I really like Michael. He's really good to me and my sister. And at my dad's house, I have two little brothers, Blake and Justin. Blake is two years old and Justin is ten months old. I have so much to be thankful for, but I'm still looking for more.
The question is: We can infer  from the story that    _
The possible answers are:
A:The writer's father and her mother didn't treat her very well.
B:The writer wished that she could live both her father and mother.
C:The writer's mother didn't love her so she left her when she was only two.
D:The writer was taken to the hospital after her grandpa died. And the doctor asked her to take much medicine.From my father I have learned a lot. And I'm very thankful to him. I remember when I was a child my father always got up very early, quietly putting on his clothes and going off to work. To arrive in time to open his tiny store at 8:30, he needed to leave our apartment at 6:30. After all, he had to take a bus and then the subway. The last journey was a long walk through a neighborhood much of which was full of the smell of rubbish. I learned: it is very important to work. No excuse.
When I was 12, I would, on some Saturdays, go to my father's store to help out. After helping set up the outside clothing display, for the rest of the day, I'd watch to make sure no one stole anything. When I noticed someone looking unusual or strange, I would look the person in the eye, smile and say, "May I help you?" Usually that worked, but sometimes, someone would run off with something. The first time, I ran after the thief but my father shouted, "Martin, stop! There is no need to do that." It's true that safety is more important than money.
After 10 years of hard work, he saved up enough money to buy his first car, a cheap one--he wouldn't buy one until he could afford to pay for it without borrowing money. I learned: buy only what you can afford. Buying necessary food and clothing won't make us go in debt . The unnecessary things won't give us happiness, which comes from achievement only.
The question is: According to the author, what usually makes people go in debt?
The possible answers are:
A:To rent a house for the family.
B:To send their children to school.
C:To enjoy something unnecessary.
D:To buy enough food for the family.There are many colours in nature. But do you know that a colour has weight? I think you'll say "no". But I am afraid you are wrong. If you don't believe, you may do a small experiment .
First, put two objects with the same weight into two boxes. Then cover the boxes. Wrap  one box with a red piece of paper, the other with a white piece of paper. Now hold the boxes with your hand one by one. It is certain that you will think the red one is a little heavier.
Why does it happen? A scientist found that different colours have different weight in a man's mind. So he did many tests and at last he got the result. That is to say, every colour has its own weight in our mind. The heaviest colour is red, then blue, green, orange, yellow and white. The scientists told us that colours also have smell. Can you smell the colour? Of course not. Then why did the scientists say so? That is because every colour represents a kind of light wave ------ a certain wavelength . It reaches our brain  through organs 
According to this discovery, scientists say that people accept the colour they like, and _ the colour they hate. So your body and mind will be healthy by using the colours you like. Or you'll be nervous or even get ill. If you stay in a room with red windows, wallpapers and furniture  for two hours, you'll feel you have been there for four hours. But if the room is blue, you'll feel you have been there for only one hour. Another example, if a person walks out of a red room and into a blue room, his temperature will fall. That means our body temperature will change when we see different colours.
The question is: Which of the following is NOT true?
The possible answers are:
A:Different colours have different weights in a man's mind.
B:The colour "blue" is the second heaviest colour in a man's mind.
C:People can't smell the colours.
D:The colour you don't like will keep you healthy.Hi,I'm Mimi. I'm four years old. I enjoy listening to music very much. I can sing and dance. This is a photo of me at my birthday party. I look very cool because it is my birthday today.It is favorite day of this year.I get up early and I'm ready for my birthday party.I have a lot of animal friends .iIcall them to my home on the phone. Then I take a bus to go shopping. I buy some food ,friut and drinks in the super market.At 7:0p.m,the party begins.All my friend asks me to sing some songs for them .I'm shy in front of them but I feel happy.Look! I'm playing guitar.They are listening tomy songs They clap their hands from time to time.at last ,all my friends walk to me and sing." Happy birthday" to me.How happy my birthday is !And my friends have a good time .
The question is: What time does the birthday party begin?
The possible answers are:
A:5:00 a.m
B:6:30 p.m
C:7:00 a.m
D:7:00p.mA primary school teacher asked her students to write a composition about what they would like God to do for them. At the end of the day, while marking the compositions, she read one that impressed her deeply. Her husband, who had just walked in, saw her crying and asked her, "What happened?"
She answered, "Read this. It is one of my students' compositions."
"Dear God, tonight I ask you for something very special: Make me into a television. I want to take its place and live like the TV in my house. Have my own special place, and have my family around me. To be taken seriously when I talk. I want to be the centre of attention and be heard without interruption  or questions. I want to receive the same special care that the TV receives even when it is not working. Have the company of my dad when he arrives home from work, even when he is tired. And I want my mom to want me close when she is sad and upset, instead of ignoring  me. And ...I want my brothers to fight to be with me...I want to feel that my family just put everything aside, every now and then, just to spend some time with me. And last but not least, make sure that I can make them all happy and entertain them. God, I don't ask you for much. I just want to live like our TV. "
At that moment the husband said, "My God, poor kid, what horrible parents!" .The teacher looked up at him and said, "That composition is our son's!"
The question is: Why did the teacher cry?
The possible answers are:
A:Because a composition moved her deeply.
B:Because the composition was very bad.
C:Because the students were lazy.
D:Because she had a fight with her husband.There is an Asian   American basketball player in the NBA. Do you know who he is? Yes, he is Lin Shuhao. His English name is Jeremy Lin. He is another basketball star after Yao Ming. So many people call him the second Yao Ming. But he doesn't like it. In the 1970s, his family moved to America from Taiwan, China. He is twenty-five years old. His elder brother is Josh and Joseph is his younger brother. He studied at Harvard University   from the year 2006 to the year 2010. His father, a fan of the NBA, taught him to play basketball when he was young. Now Lin Shuhao plays for the Houston Rocket. He works hard and plays very well. Now he is popular with many people.
,. (1,5)
The question is: He   _   from 2006 to 2010.
The possible answers are:
A:lived in Taiwan with his family
B:played for the Houston Rocket
C:studied at Harvard University
D:began to learn basketballHave you ever watched the big parade  on Tian'anmen Square on October 1? Some students performed in the big parade. In order to get ready for  it, this summer, many Beijing middle school students had a different kind of vacation. Instead of hanging out with friends or traveling, they trained  hard for the 60th birthday of China this year.
Students trained from 7:30 am to around 10:00 am or from 4 pm to 6:30 pm, because it was very hot this summer. They wore white hats, T-shirts and blue trousers. The hats and T-shirts were printed with a red logo, the number "60".
The first week of training was PE. Students practiced standing and squatting. Then they moved on to practice the group show. When we watched the parade on TV we saw them making colorful pictures.
What did the students think of their unusual summer? "Sometimes we find it a bit tiring." said Lu Wenqi, 13. "But most of us think it's a great _ to take part in such an important show." Li Hui, 15, thought the same as Lu. She said her classmates were hardly late for training. "It's a wonderful chance for us," said Li. "When my parents were in college, they also took part in a national day parade. Now it's my turn!"
The question is: What is Not True according to the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:Students wore the same clothes with a red logo.
B:Students hardly went to the training late.
C:Students only practiced standing and squatting every day.
D:Students thought this summer a bit tiring but very meaningful.Twenty years ago almost all nurses were women, and almost all pilots were men. Today women fly planes, and men care for patients. The jobs are the same, but not both men and women are working as nurses and pilots.
There are many other examples of changing job roles for men and women. Forty years ago there were no women news reporters on television.
Now women report the news, the weather, and even men's sports. Women are reporting games and interviewing athletes. Fifty years ago there were almost no women lawyers or doctors, but today over half of all medical students are women.
Today men teach very young children. Men work as librarians and secretaries. Some men stay at home to take care of the house and children. They are called "househusbands" or "stay-at-home dads". However, many women still work as homemakers.
Jobs are changing. Today men and women are working in every field.
The question is: According to the passage, what is true today about women?
The possible answers are:
A:Women like to be secretaries.
B:All doctors are now women.
C:Women report news and sports
D:There are no homemakers today.New rules and behavior standards for the middle school students came out. Middle schools are going to use a new way to decide who the top students are. The following are some of the new rules.
You should not be allowed to dye your hair, smoke or drink. You should not copy others' work in an exam. Don't do it again if you did it!
Good students love animals and care for other people. Being kind to animals is being kind to ourselves. Be friendly to the people around you. Try to think of others, not only yourself.
Don't look down on new ideas. Everyone's ideas are important. You should welcome them, because new ideas make life better for everyone.
Learn to protect yourselves. If you have to go home late, you should let your mother or your father know.
Use the Internet carefully. The Internet can be very useful for our studies. But some things on the Internet aren't good for teenagers, so try to look at web pages that are good for you.
The question is: The passage mainly tells us how to   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:protect ourselves
B:be the top students
C:care for others
D:use the InternetI am Wei Fang. I am a Chinese girl. I have  a good friend. Her name is Miaomiao. Do you think  Miaomiao is a nice girl ? That's wrong . She isn't a girl but a cat. She's a little   lovely  cat. Miaomiao is black and brown. She is only fourteen days old. She _ e  her mother Mimi.
The question is: Wei Fang is   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:an American girl
B:an English girl
C:a Chinese girl
D:a Chinese boyA life coach   is somebody who helps you reach all kinds of personal and professional goals  . Each of us has the ability to be our own life coach. Here are some tips for you:
 Pay attention to your relationships with others.
Ask yourself the following questions: What do you do with disagreements? When was the last time you showed your family members that you care for them? Your relationships with friends, family members and teachers show a lot about the kind of person you are.
 Face the fears about the future.
Now, imagine that one of your good friends told you that he or she was not strong enough to go back to school. We often give better advice than we are willing to take ourselves. Remember that even the most successful people were probably told that what they wanted to do was impossible, but they followed their dreams and succeeded.
 Develop your talents.
If you want to reach your goals, you will have to spend more time developing the talents you already have, and uncovering any hidden talents that you haven't discovered yet. So you can take classes in subjects that you are interested in, even if you have no experience.
 Be thankful  .
Take some time to be thankful for the things you do have. Remember positive   memories. Think of the best day(s) you have had in the past month or year. Remember special parties, vacations and holidays. Be thankful to the wonderful people you have in your life.
The question is: Which one is the best title of this passage?
The possible answers are:
A:Developing your talents.
B:To face the fears about the future.
C:Suggestions of being your own life coach.
D:How to communicate with others.Fangfang, a 15-year-old Chinese girl, likes eating snacks very much. She prefers cream biscuits, McDonald's food, KFC, and Beijing roast duck. Sometimes she eats two packages of biscuits a day. As a result, she becomes _ .
Today in China, there are many children like Fangfang. They like snacks. They don't eat enough healthy foods like vegetables and fruit. It's very bad for their health. Poor eating habits are a serious problem.
Health experts say that children should have healthy eating habits. First, they must eat regular meals and begin with a good breakfast. Second, they should have different kinds of foods, such as fruit, vegetables, grain, eggs, milk and meat and so on. Third, the children shouldn't eat too many snacks and fried foods. They are delicious, but eating too much of them is unhealthy.
If children do as the experts say, they won't become fat. They will be healthier. Students won't become tired at school, and they will have enough energy to study well.
The question is: What kind of food is good for your health?
The possible answers are:
A:Fast food.
B:Snacks.
C:Fried food.
D:Vegetables and fruit.Every time I came home from work at midnight, I often saw a shadow   walking in our neighborhood. Was it "a night walking"? Someone walked alone in the dark, and this always made me afraid a lot.
I think it was "a sleep walker". So I never bothered it. But one night, when I walked past it quietly and quickly as usual, I heard a low voice.
"Do you often have to work at night?"
I was a little afraid. I looked around, but no one was nearby. I ran home as quickly as possible.
Later on, I heard it was a neighbor, an old man who has been living alone at home. He's NOT a sleep walker. He enjoys having a walk at night. So I seldom see him in the neighborhood in the day.
It's said that he was a soldier many years ago. He has two children, a son and a daughter. His son has a family in Shanghai. His daughter went abroad, in Sydney. He has been living alone since his wife died several years ago. Without any children living with him, he feels lonely and helpless.
I feel sorry for the old man. We might care less about our parent who lives alone. When we grow up, our parents get old. We should often go back home even though we're busy with work.
The question is: What was the old neighbor when he was young?
The possible answers are:
A:An artist.
B:A soldier.
C:An engineer.
D:A biology.One day a rich man meets Sam. The rich man asks, "I hear you're very clever and nothing is difficult to you. Can you tell me why you are so clever?"
Sam answers with a smile, "Oh, I am not clever. Instead   , you are too foolish ." The rich man becomes very angry.
Sam says, "Please don't be angry. If you don't believe  me, now let me ask you a question. If you put together one group of sheep and another group of sheep, how many groups of sheep do you have?"
"Why! That's an easy question. One and one is two, and anybody knows that. I have two groups of sheep."
Sam laughs and says, "You are wrong. When two groups of sheep are put together, there is still one group. That's the easiest question in the world."
The question is: Sam is  _   than the rich man.
The possible answers are:
A:more foolish
B:richer
C:more clever
D:much richerI grew up in a small town in South Canada. Every autumn, there was a week-long fair in the town. Thousands of people from other towns came to sell and buy things. It was the most exciting time of the year.
When "Fairtime" came, my grandma became the busiest person of the family. Grandma was a kind, well-educated old lady. She was good at cooking. During "Fairtime", relatives would come to live in her house and have meals there. Grandma was always happy to look after them.
Year after year, many people moved to big cities. There was no longer "Fairtime". Grandma became very old and was going a little blind. My parents and I did our best to make her life as comfortable as possible. I was at high school then. What I often did at home was to help Grandma with the daily newspaper's crossword puzzle. However, she didn't look happy. She often sat in her room for hours, without saying a word.
To attract people to move back, the Town Hall decided to reopen the Fair. One day, when I came back from school, I saw Grandma wearing her glasses, washing the dishes in the kitchen. With a big smile on her face, she looked excited and a lot much younger. She told me that her two of her cousins would come. "They said they missed hometown and wanted to enjoy my food again."  Grandma said happily. "They will stay here for one week and we can have a big party. That must be the busiest week I've had in years!"
I suddenly realized that Grandma didn't want to be looked after. She wanted to be "useful", appreciated and helpful.
The question is: Which of the following is NOT TRUE according to the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:Grandma was good at cooking
B:Grandma was a kind old lady.
C:Grandma missed her family a lot.
D:Many people moved to big cities.There are lots of animals on the earth. What is the biggest animal of all? The whale is.  A blue whale weighs more than a hundred tons.
Whales live in the sea, but they are not fish. They are mammals and must have air to breathe. The babies drink milk from the mother's body. Every spring, groups of whales swim hundreds of kilometers to warm places.
Each group goes to the same place every year. The mothers take very good care of their babies. Whales are a gentle kind of giant. They always live together and help each other. They "talk" to each other in the water with a high noise that sounds like singing.
Yet people kill over a hundred whales a day. They kill them to make many things. The whale dies very slowly and in great pain. Some ships kill every whale they can find, even mother whales and babies. If things go on like this, there will be no young whales to grow up and no mother whales to have more young.
The question is: _  are the biggest animals on the earth.
The possible answers are:
A:Elephants
B:Lions
C:Whales
D:I don't knowSports can help you keep fit and close to nature. However, whether you are on the mountains, in the waves, or on the grassland, you should realize that sport you choose might have great influence on the environment.
Some sports are _ . Golf, as you may know, eats up not only large areas of countryside, but also lots of water. Besides, huge amounts of energy are used to keep its courses in good condition. This causes major environmental changes. For example, in the dry places of Portugal and Spain, golf is often held responsible for (...) serious water shortage  in some local areas.
There are many environment-friendly sports. Power walking is one of them that you could take up today. You don't need any special equipment except a good pair of shoes, and you don't have to worry about resources and your purse. Simple and free, power walking can also help you stay healthy. If you walk regularly, it will be good for your heart. Experts say that 20 minutes of power walking daily can make you feel less anxious, sleep well and keep thin.
Whatever sport you take up, you can make it greener than by using environment-friendly equipment and buying products made from recycled materials. But the final goal should be "green gyms." They are better replacements  for traditional health clubs and modern sports centers. Members of green gyms play sports outdoors, in the countryside or other open spaces. There is no special requirement for you to start your membership . And best of all, it's free.
The question is: The author uses power walking as an example mainly because
The possible answers are:
A:it is an outdoor sport.
B:it is loved by many people.
C:it uses fewer recourses.
D:it is supported by experts.Dear editor,
My English teacher is very strict with us. Several days ago, when we were in class, Tom asked me a question. But my English teacher thought we were speaking in class. She asked us to stand at the back of the classroom for a few minutes. This made me unfair. After that, I feel nervous in her class, so I don't like her class. However, I really want to learn English well. What should I do?
Yours,
Mike
Dear Mike,
I am sorry you are having difficulty with your English class. Every teacher wants his or her students to study hard. So I think you should have a talk with your English teacher and tell her what you were doing with Tom that day. If she knows your worries, maybe she will help you with your English. And she will be pleased to hear you want to learn English well. Of course, you should know that what your teacher did was good for you. When you are not trying as hard as you can, she has to stop it and try to help you. Wish you have a better life!
Yours,
Editor
The question is: The teacher will   _   if Mike has a talk with her.
The possible answers are:
A:be even angrier
B:ask him to stand for some time once again
C:be pleased
D:say sorry to himDear sir,
I read your story (of the 4thFebruary) about the cost of living in the country rather than in the town, and I agree with most of your opinions.My husband and I lived in the middle of Horlton until two years ago a seaside   town of nearly five hundred thousand people.When my husband stopped working, we moved to our present house in a small village at the foot of Roland Hill, and there is no doubt   that our costs are higher now.
I have to do my shopping in small shops, where the food is more expensive than in city supermarkets; it costs more to travel by bus; and because the men who come to mend the television or the washing-machine, have to come further, we have to pay them more.
But it does not cost us much to enjoy what is beautiful in the country; and peace and quiet are cheap.It takes many people a lot of time and money to drive into the country to enjoy the simple things of life; yet we can enjoy them just by going out of the front door.It costs more to live here than it did in Horlton, but now life really is worth   living.
Yours faithfully,
Edith Randall (Mrs)
The question is: Although it costs less to live in a town,   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:life is more worth living in the country
B:we can't enjoy the beautiful view
C:it costs more to live in Horlton
D:life is worth living only when you live in a small villageSingles Day  falls on every November 11th, and as the name suggests, this holiday is one specially for people who are still living the single life. It's surprising that China is the only country in the world that has set up a special day for singles to celebrate  their lives. To find out more about this celebration, read on.
An old story goes that once there were four single men, leading very boring lives. None of them were married , or had lovers, or did anything exciting. They just sat around all day and played Mahjong .
One day they played Mahjong from 11am until 11 pm. During the game, no matter who won, the winning card was always the 'Sitiao' card. And that day happened to be November 11th. In order to remember the day, they called it Singles Day.
For breakfast on Singles Day, singles often eat four youtiao, which means the four "ones" in "11.11". Many singles also choose to say goodbye to their single lives on this day. So they take part in _ , trying to find someone they love and many people choose to marry on this day. Besides the meaning of 'single', the four 'ones' of the date can also mean the 'only one' in one's heart.
The question is: Singles often have   _   for breakfast on Singles Day.
The possible answers are:
A:some bread
B:noodles
C:4 youtiao
D:nothingWe know music is very important in our daily life.Do you notice music playing at any of those places when you go somewhere? Today, most stores,stations,restaurants and other places play music.You might even hear music in an office or on a farm.
Scientists believe that music influences the way people behave.They think that the sound of western classical music makes people feel richer.When a restaurant plays classical music,people spend more money on food and drinks.When the restaurant plays modern music,people spend less money.Without music,people spend even less.
Scientists also believe that loud,fast music makes people eat faster.Some restaurants  play fast music during their hours.This makes people eat faster and leave quickly.Restaurants can make more money in this way.
Some scientists think that music makes you think and learn better.They say that music helps students to be more active.It is true that people learn better when they are relaxed.And 1istening to music can help you relax.
The next time you hear music somewhere,be careful,it might influance the way you do things.
The question is: According to the passage,scientists believe that music can   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:create different feelings for us
B:only help us develop good habits
C:develop our interest in money
D:influence natural environmentsOn Thanksgiving Day, a teacher asked her class of first-graders to draw a picture of something they were thankful for. She thought that these children from poor families actually had little to be thankful for. And she found most of them drawing pictures of flowers or tables with food. The teacher was very surprised to see the picture Douglas handed in. It's a hand, a simple hand.
But whose hand? The class were very interested in the strange picture. "I think it must be the hand of God that brings us food," said one child. "A farmer," said another, "because he grows beautiful flowers." Finally when the others were at work, the teacher went over Douglas' desk and asked whose hand it was. "It's your hand, Teacher," he said quietly and shyly.
She remembered that she had often taken Douglas, a dirty lonely child, by the hand while having a class break. She often did that with the children. But it meant so much to Douglas. Perhaps this is everyone's thanksgiving, not for the material things we get, but for the chance, in whatever small way, to give to others.
The question is: Whose hand did Douglas draw?
The possible answers are:
A:The farmer's.
B:God's.
C:The teacher's.
D:His own hand.Dear new moms,
You should teach your children manners   as soon as your children can understand what you're saying. When your children do something right, let them know. When your children do something wrong, tell them how they should do it and why.
Here are some basic manners for children:
1. Wait for their turn and don't _ other people when they are speaking. Tell them to wait until someone finishes speaking, and then ask questions.
2. Always greet the people who come over to your house. You can teach your children to shake hands with grown-ups   who come over, but it's not necessary to shake hands with other children. Your children should always say "hello" or "hi" when someone comes to your home so that the guest   feels welcome.
3. Say "please" and "Thank you" often. And say "You're welcome" to answer others' "Thank you".
4. After playing a game, no matter what the result is, be pleased. If your children win, tell them not to show off  , but to be kind. If they lose, tell them not to get mad and tell the other children that they did a good job or speak well of them.
Yours
Dr. Dave
The question is: A new mom should teach her children manners when they   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:were born
B:are grown-ups
C:go to school
D:can understand what she is sayingFor most kids, homework is just part of their daily lives, but have you ever imagined that one day you won't need to do any homework at all? Such a thing has just happened in a school in the UK.
Nottingham East Academy, a school in the UK, has established a non-homework policy   recently. The school plans to give an extra lesson and provide more activities for students to do at school. So the students no longer need to do homework after class. When the school announced this policy , students , parents and teachers were all shocked.
The school , Nottingham East Academy , is the country's largest school. It has a total of 3,570 students. Barry Day, the president of the school, thinks that homework is unnecessary and can easily cause argument both at home and at school. He once told the local newspaper ," People give homework for children to do simply because they think it should be given. Actually, homework doesn't help with education at all."
Letting kids leave their homework at school is becoming popular in the UK. Several other schools are welcoming the policy and are taking similar measures  .Tiffin Boy's school has started giving students less homework. Students now spend less time on homework. The time has dropped from two or three hours to just forty minutes a night. Nottingham East Academy is asking students to read for pleasure with their parents at home instead.
The question is: According to the passage, which statement is WRONG?
The possible answers are:
A:Nottingham East Academy is larger than any other school in the UK.
B:In the UK, no school has announced a non-homework policy so far.
C:Letting kids do their homework at school is popular in the UK.
D:Reading after school is good for students.Little Tom likes cartoons very much .When the cartoons begin on TV, he does nothing until they' re over. Sometimes he'd rather wait for a long time and go to bed late. In the morning his mother has to wake him up, or he will be late for school.
Yesterday Tom heard there would be an interesting cartoon today. This morning, as soon as he got up, he turned the television, but didn't receive the programme. He had to have breakfast and then went to school. After school he ran home while his mother was cooking supper in the kitchen  . He hurried to the sitting room and turned on the television again, but he couldn't find the cartoon. He rushed into the kitchen and asked his mother to help.
"It's only five now," said the woman. "Your programme will be after supper."
"Well, let's have supper right now!"
The question is: Tom spends much time   _   when he is free.
The possible answers are:
A:playing football
B:watching football matches on TV
C:doing his homework
D:watching cartoons on TVJim and Tom were eating at a restaurant . On the table there was a cup of hot (
)mustard . Jim thought it was sweet and took a spoonful  of it into his mouth. Tears   ran down from his eyes. However, he wished Tom to do the same thing. So he said nothing. Tom saw Jim crying  , and asked,"What for, my friend?"
"I'm thinking of   my father, he was hanged  20 years ago,Jim said.Soon after Tom took a spoonful of mustard and when tears began to run down from his eyes, Jim asked "Why are you crying, then?""I am thinking why you were not hanged 20 years ago."
The question is: How was the mustard? It was.
The possible answers are:
A:sweet
B:hot
C:cool
D:coldParents are a child's first teachers. But some parents never learned from good examples. In New York City, Covenant House tries to help homeless young mothers become good parents.
The twelve or so teenagers who live at the shelter attend parenting classes four days a week. The class is called Mommy and Me.
Teacher Delores Clemens is a mother of five and a grandmother. She teaches basic skills, like how to give a baby a bath and how to dress a baby in different seasons.
She remembers one student who learned from her mother not to pick up a crying baby. The mother said that would only make the child needy.
"I said 'That's not true. You have to hold your baby! He is crying for a reason. If you never pick him up, he's going to keep crying. Pick your baby up. Hug him! And she started to do that. They just want a little hugging and a little love. And it works!" Delores Clemens said.
Delores Clemens says her students also learn how to be good mothers by letting themselves be mothered. "I'm doing something for them that never has been done for them before."
In class, with her baby son, is Natasha. She lived on the streets. She is glad not only for the warmth and shelter of Covenant House. As she told reporter Adam Phillips, she is also glad for the help they offer in looking for a safer life.
"Did you go to high school?"
"Yes."
"Did you graduate?"
"No, I didn't. I was in my last year and then, I got pregnant and I got lazy."
"You look like you are willing to accept responsibility for that."
"Yes, I am, and I would like to finish."
Some teenage mothers wish they themselves could be children again. 18-year-old Placida knows that feeling. "Because you have to get up every two hours in the middle of the night, and you can't go out and say 'I am going to buy this for myself.' No. I have to buy pampers, clothes and food. So now it's two. So it's very hard." Placida said.
The question is: The passage is mainly about   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:a class where teen parents are looked after
B:a class where parents are teaching their children
C:a class where homeless mothers learn to find a job
D:a class where teens learn mothering and are motheredOn Thursday a new boy came into the classroom. He didn't have any uniform on. Just trousers, a jacket and a shirt. Tom could see that the boy wasn't quite comfortable. He had a plastic   bag with exercise books, pens, pencils, rulers and erasers in it. The boy stood at the blackboard. Mrs. Brown talked to the boy, and then she said, "Boys and girls, this is Peter. He is your new classmate. Peter is your age. I hope you'll get on well with each other. Peter will spend a lot of time together with you."Mrs Brown asked Peter to sit next to Tom at the desk near the window.
The students had math after that and Tom could see that Peter was not bad at it. He counted   well. It was not difficult for him at all. Then Mrs. Brown said," It is half past twelve. It's time to have lunch. "Peter joined Tom and went to wash his hands. Then the boys sat down on the floor and started to open their lunch bags. Tom opened his bag and put his hand in it. He took out an old brown apple, some old cheese and some fish from dinner."Oh, no!" cried Tom." This is rubbish. I have the wrong bag. I took the rubbish bag and left my lunch bag at home. I have only rubbish for lunch today." The other children laughed and laughed. Then Peter said," I have two eggs. Why don't you have one? I don't need two. And would you like some bread?" Tom smiled," Thanks. It's very kind of you."
The question is: How did Tom feel when he saw what was in his lunch bag?
The possible answers are:
A:Bored.
B:Afraid.
C:Excited.
D:Upset.Barbara was driving her six-year-old son, Benjamin, to his piano lesson. They were late. There was always so much to do, and Barbara, a night-duty nurse at the local hospital, had recently worked extra hours. She was tired.
"Mom!" Ben cried. "Look!" Just ahead, a car had lost control   on the icy road and wildly rolled over, and then crashed   into a telephone pole. Barbara went over. Thank goodness she was a nurse -- she might be able to help these unfortunate passengers. Then she stopped. What about Ben? She couldn't take him with her. Little boys shouldn't see scenes   like this one. But was it safe to leave him alone?
For a little moment Barbara thought of going on her way. Someone else was sure to come along. No! "Ben, honey, promise me you'll stay in the car!" "I will, Mommy," he said as she ran.
Two girls of high school age were in the car. One was dead and the driver was still breathing. But if help came soon, the girl would live.
A trucker had pulled up and was calling for help on his cell phone. Soon Barbara heard the ambulance sirens  .
Later, Barbara was able to meet the families of the victims  . They expressed their gratitude   for the help she had provided.
The question is: How many people were killed in the car accident?   _
The possible answers are:
A:Two.
B:One.
C:Three.
D:Four.My friend Jack is a taxi driver. He has done this job for ten years. It's a nice job most of the time. He can meet a lot of people every day. He always works late into the night because there are lots of people calling his taxi during the night. He usually goes home after two o'clock in the morning. There are some very strange things, which often happen at night.
One day Jack was taking a young lady back home from a party at three o'clock in the morning. She had her little dog with her. When they got to her house, she found that she had lost her key. So Jack waited in the taxi with the dog while she climbed into her house through the window. Jack waited for about half an hour outside, but the young lady didn't show up . So he decided to find out what was going on. He tied the dog to a tree and started to climb in through the window.
At that moment some policeman came. They thought Jack was a thief  who wanted to get into the house to steal  things. Luckily, the young lady came downstairs. She must have gone to sleep and forgotten about my friend and the dog.
The question is: Jack has been a taxi driver for   _   years.
The possible answers are:
A:five
B:ten
C:fifteen
D:twentyNot long ago, the only time you could see a robot was when you were reading a novel or watching a movie such asStar Wars   . Today, however, a lot of things in science stories have been science facts. Robots are starting to appear in our everyday lives. These robots have different sizes, shapes, and colors. But they all have the same type of man-made "brain". Leading the robot revolution  are industrial  robots that work in factories. Industrial  robots can do different kinds of jobs that are often boring and sometimes dangerous. Robots are also coming to American homes, though not as quickly as they are entering factories. These robots aren't as friendly and bright as those you saw in Star Wars.But, their makers say, today's home robots "walk", sense objects  in their way (and sometimes knock into them), and even carry objects (which they sometimes drop). Well, nobody is perfect.
We may laugh at home robot today, but some day they may see and hear better than humans do. We humans can only see certain wavelengths  of light, and hear certain sounds. That's because the abilities of our eyes and ears are limited. Robots, however, need not have the same limits as we have. Robot may also be equipped with devices that pick up information humans can't. To understand what their sensing devices  pick up is a hard job. Remember, man--made brains handle information, including all kinds of data, as zeroes and ones. Imagine the difficulty in trying to explain to a robot what a football looks like--using only zeroes and ones.
The question is: It seems that home robots are   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:more widely used than factory robots
B:less common than factory robots
C:capable of doing any kind of housework
D:free from making mistakes while performing  dutiesThis large flat is on the top floor of a five-story modern building in a quiet part of the city. There are two schools, a restaurant and several shopping centres nearby. A bus stop is only one hundred metres away. The flat has got a large living room , a dining room,a modern kitchen, one large bedroom and two small bedrooms. There is a bedroom with a shower, a sink and a toilet. The flat has also got a small storeroom and there is a large doorway. The price of it is $245,600 without the garage . The price of the garage is $34,560.
The question is: Doing shopping is easy because   _   nearby if you live in the flat.
The possible answers are:
A:there are two schools
B:there is a bus stop
C:there is a restaurant
D:there are several shopping centresI am Jerry. My family is in New York. We have got a big house. There are three bedrooms . One is for my parents. One is for my sister Betty. One is for my brother Tony and me. I haven't got any grandparents, aunts or uncles in my family.
My father is forty-three years old. He is a hotel manager. My mother is forty. She is a secretary in a factory. Betty is sixteen years old. Tony is nine years old and I'm twelve years old. We are students. I love my family.
The question is: Jerry's family is in    _    .
The possible answers are:
A:London
B:Beijing
C:New York
D:ShanghaiGeorge liked flying a plane. Once he bought a small plane and learned how to fly it. He soon became so good that he could make his plane do all kinds of tricks .
George had a friend. His name was Peter. One day George said to his friend, " Peter, would you like to have a trip in my plane?" Peter thought, " I've traveled in a big plane several times, but I've never been in a small one, so I'll go."
They went up, and George flew around for half an hour and did all kinds of tricks.Peter said in a shaken voice , " Well, George, thank you very much for these two trips in your plane."
George was very surprised and asked, " Two trips? "
"Yes, my first and my last." Answered Peter.
The question is: From the passage we know that   _   .
The possible answers are:
A:Peter thanked George for the nice trip
B:Peter thought it was wonderful to have such a trip
C:Peter felt surprised that his friend could fly so well
D:Peter was worried about his safety while George was doing tricks in the skyEach country has many kind people who volunteer to take care of others. For example, some high school and university students in the US often spend many hours as volunteers in hospital or old people's homes. They read books for the people or they just visit them and play games with them or listen to their problems.
Other young volunteers go and work in the homes of the sick people. They clean up their houses or do the shopping. For boys who don't have fathers there is an organization called "Big Brothers". University students and other people take these boys to play baseball games and help them get to know things that boys usually learn from their fathers.
Each city has a lot of clubs where boys and girls can go to play games or take part in other activities. Some of these clubs show movies or have short trips to the mountains, the beaches or the museums. Most of these clubs use a lot of high school and university students as volunteers because they can understand the problems of these boys and girls more easily.
Volunteers believe that some of the happiest people in the world are those who help to bring happiness to others.
The question is: What is "Big Brothers" ?
The possible answers are:
A:It's a name of a club.
B:It's the name of famous movie.
C:It's the home for children who have no brothers.
D:It's an organization for boys who don't have fathers.Do you want to live a happier, less stressful life? Try laughing for no reason at all. That's how thousands of people start their day at Laughter Clubs around the world.
The first Laughter Club was started in Mumbai, India, in 1995, by Dr Madan Kataria. "Children laugh about 300 times a day. Adults laugh between 7 and 15 times a day," says Dr Kataria. "Everyone's naturally good at laughing -- it's the universal   language." There are now more than 500 Laughter Clubs in India and over 1,300 worldwide.
Many doctors are also interested in the effects of laughter on our health. According to a 5-year study at the UCLS School of Medicine in California, with laughing there is less stress in the body. Laughter improves our health against illness by about 40%.
So what happens at a Laughter Club? I went along to the nearest club in the south of London to find out. I was quite nervous at the beginning of the class. I had no interest in laughing with a group of strangers, and I was worried about looking stupid  . Our laughter teacher told us to clap our hands   and say "ho ho ho, ha ha ha" while looking at each other. Although we couldn't tell the differences between _ laughter and real laughter, they still produced the same healthy effects.
Surprisingly, it worked! After ten minutes, everybody there was laughing for real and some people just couldn't stop! At the end of the class I was shocked by how relaxed and comfortable I felt. So if you're under stress, then start laughing.
The question is: According to the passage, which of the following is NOT true?
The possible answers are:
A:People feel less stressed when they laugh.
B:Adults don't laugh as often as children.
C:People who often laugh never fall ill in their lives.
D:The first Laughter Club was set up in Asia.Henry is a little fatter than he wants to be.He wants to lose some weight  .He tries not to eat too much and he eats very little sugar because it will make him fat.He also does exercise every day.He swims,and he runs about two miles a day.Now he is stronger than before.Henry's sister,Susan, is healthier than Henry.She is also younger and thinner than he is.She does exercise every day.She doesn't eat much meat.She eats a lot of fruit and vegetables, because she thinks they are better for her health.
The question is: Susan is   _   than Henry.
The possible answers are:
A:younger but fatter
B:older and healthier
C:thinner but not stronger
D:thinner and healthier.Teachers' Day is coming soon. Miss Wang is talking to her students and her students are listening to her.
"Good morning, boys and girls!"says Miss Wang,"Teachers' Day is on September l0th. I hear some students are going to buy some presents for your teachers. You want to show your love for your teachers. That is very good, of course. But teachers don't like to get presents from students. So please don't buy any! I think on Teachers' Day, a card from you all is enough . And the best present for our teachers is your good work. "
The question is: Where does Miss Wang work?
The possible answers are:
A:In a factory.
B:In a school.
C:In a hospital.
D:In a park.My dad and I both love music. He taught me how to play some pop songs on the piano and he is teaching me to play the drums and sing. He even creates custom tracks   for me to help me perform my best!
-- Samantha, age 11, California, USA
My dad encourages me to do my best in school so I can achieve my dream of being an animal doctor someday. He also encourages me to try new things and do sports. We often go camping, rock climb, hike, and ride bikes. I love that my dad likes to go on adventures   with me!
-- Isabella, age 10, Nevada, USA
My dad is funny, and he has given me a good sense of humor  , too. He teaches me to make the best of a situation, even if it's difficult or scary. He also tells me that laughter is the best thing to make me feel better. [: _ Z _ X _ X _ K]
-- Lila, age 12, California, USA
My dad has taught me never to give up, no matter how hard things get. He helps me realize that even if I don't get a perfect mark on a test or something, it is not the end of the world. He has taught me that I can learn from my mistakes and work harder the next time.
-- Jane, age 11, British Columbia, Canada
.
The question is: Isabella's father encourages her to do many things EXCEPT   _   .
The possible answers are:
A:to play sports
B:to try new things
C:to work hard for her dream
D:to travel around the worldI have two good friends .They are Peter and Gina .Here are two photos .The first one is a photo of Peter's family , and the next one is a photo of Gina's room .
In the first photo , you can see four people . They are Peter's parents , Peter and his sister .Peter's father is a teacher . And his mother is a teacher too .Can you see the boy on the bed ? That's Peter . A red hat is on his head .Who is the girl ? Oh , she is Peter's sister . Her name is Nancy .
In the next photo , you can see a tidy room . It's Gina's room . A blue desk , a yellow chair , a green bookcase and a white bed are in it . A computer and some CDs are on the desk .Her red schoolbag is on the chair .A dictionary is on the bed . Gina's room is very clean and tidy .
The question is: There are   _  people in Peter's family .
The possible answers are:
A:five
B:two
C:three
D:fourWe often ask for information or help, especially  when we visit a foreign country. So knowing how to ask for information politely is important. In English, "Where are the restrooms?" and "Could you please tell me where the restrooms are?" are correct English, but the first could sound rude . It's important to use correct language, but sometimes we need to learn how to be polite .
In English, just like in Chinese, we change the way we speak when talking with different people. If you say to your teacher, "Where is my book?" This will sound rude. But if you say, "Excuse me, Mr West. Do you know where my book is?" Your question will sound much more polite. Of course it might be all right to say "Where is my book?" in some situations, perhaps with people you know well.
"Peter, lend me your pen." can sound rude in English. Usually in English, polite questions are longer such as "Could you please...?" or "Can I ask...?" It sounds more polite to say, "Peter, could you please lend me your pen?" Sometimes we might even need to spend some time when you stop a stranger in the street. We might first say, "Excuse me. I wonder if you can help me" or "I'm sorry to trouble you but," before asking them for help.
It might seem that speaking politely is more difficult than being direct . However, in order not to offend  people, learning about language etiquette  is just as important as learning grammar or vocabulary. And doing this will also help you become better at English, or any other language you wish to speak.
The question is: What's the main idea of the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:When and how to use correct language is important.
B:How to start a polite talking with strange people.
C:Correct language is as important as polite one.
D:People should learn to speak politely.French soccer player David Trezeguet holds the record for the fastest shot in a soccer match. It happened during a match between his club Juventus and England's Manchester United in 1998.
At that time, he was unknown outside of French soccer. But nine years later, Trezeguet, 29, has become one of the world's most famous strikers  .
In September, 2007, he scored his 100th goal in the Italian League. "One hundred goals with Juventus, one of the greatest clubs in the world, that is important," he said.
Although Trezeguet was born in France, he grew up in Argentina and he says his " _ " helped him become one of the world's best soccer players.
"Most people in Argentina have to work hard for everything they want," he explained. "This mentality gave me a hunger and an ambition   to become the best."
Trezeguet has had a great career. He has won nearly every major competition in soccer - the World Cup, the European Championships, the European Cup, as well as the French and Italian league titles.
But Trezeguet knows all about heartache too. In the French World Cup in 1998, after playing every match in the competition, he was not chosen to play in the final when France went on to win.
Then in the 2006 World Cup in Germany, his miss in the penalty shoot-out  handed victory to Italy.  But Trezeguet refuses to let this get him down.
"I accept my responsibility. It's part of football," he said. "You just have to move on and start thinking about focusing on the next thing."
The question is: How did Trezeguet think of a failure in football?
The possible answers are:
A:Feel sorry about it every time.
B:Take a long break to relax.
C:Work hard to improve next time.
D:Try another team.When you're curious  about something, and want to know more about it, you can use the way of asking questions.Asking questions is the first step to make discoveries and find interesting answers.The steps below can guide you during the research.
Step1  On a note card or piece of paper, write down the subject that you are interested in.Just get the main idea down.For example, you might write: Discover more about dinosaurs.
Step2  Next, stop and think for a moment about what you already know about your subject.List what you already know like the sentences below:
(1)Dinosaurs lived long before human beings appeareD.
(2)Dinosaurs lived on the earth for more than 150 million years.
(3)Some dinosaurs fed on  plants, some on meat.
Step3  What can you do with what you want to learn? By asking questions.On your paper, start writing down questions about the dinosaurs as you think of them:
(1)What's the best weather for dinosaurs to live in?
(2)How many kinds of dinosaurs are there?
(3)Have dinosaurs really disappeared?
Step4  Armed with your list of questions, you can now go to the nearest library or computer to begin your research.As you learn more about your subject, you'll probably discover some new questions.For example, you might discover that dinosaurs disappeared about 65 million years ago.Why? What happened? Asking new questions can help you research your subject more widely.
If you always find something interesting to research, take time to organize  your thinking by asking good questions.And remember learning more always brings more questions.
The question is: The best title  for this passage is "  _  "
The possible answers are:
A:Discovering Dinosaurs
B:Asking Good Questions
C:Finding Subjects
D:Learning StepsIf you think you're too shy and want to be a little brave, try the followings:
You can make it. Tell people you're shy. There's no need to hide it. When they get to know you're a shy kid, they'll understand you better. This also helps you feel more _ in talks.
Try to smile more. When you smile, people think you are friendly and easy to talk. Remember that other people have feelings, too; and most people will stay away from an angry-looking face.
Learn to be a good talker. If you find it hard to start talks, say something nice about people around you. Think about how great you feel when someone says something nice to you. Doesn't it make you want to keep talking to that person?
Get your attention elsewhere. Think more about ways to enjoy parties and games. Don't waste time, say to yourself "You did it". Keep trying and one day you'll never feel "shy" when you talk about yourself
The question is: Which of the best title of the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:Change Your Life Every Day
B:How to Overcome Shyness
C:Keep Trying to Like Something Nice
D:Keep up YouDo you eat good food every day? It's important ! You need oranges and bananas, but you don't need ice cream. You need salad and broccoli, but you don't need French fries. Write a list of the food you eat. Is it good food? Do you eat right? (Like an egg. )Every day?
The question is: We need  _  every day.
The possible answers are:
A:salad
B:bananas
C:oranges
D:foodJane Austen(1775-1817),an English novelist, started writing young and completed six novels in her life. Today Austen's books are more popular than ever. In the last 10 years, five of her six novels have been made into Hollywood films, while her books continue to be best-sellers.
Richard Jenkyns, a professor of English at Oxford University, says that her novels are about marriage, friendships and the family, which are still with us today. "The stories are timeless,"Jenkyns said.
Pride and Prejudice (1813) is Austen's most famous work. It is a love story about Elizabeth Bennet and Mr. Darcy. At first, these two dislike each other. Elizabeth is pretty ,smart and lively. She is proud because Darcy doesn't know about her family.  Mr. Darcy is handsome, rich and has a better family background. So, he is proud as well. At the same time, Darcy holds a prejudice against the Bennet family. He has no understanding of why the family, especially its mother and daughters should try so hard to find wealthy and powerful husbands. He thinks they are _ Anyway, Elizabeth and Darcy finally fall in love and become a romantic couple but their families don't want them to.
In Pride and Prejudice, some of the main things that Jane Austen wants to teach people are as follows.  Opposites can attract each other. Lovers should not ony make each other feel relaxed or comfortable, but also educate and improve each other.
Austen is often called the greatest romanti writer, so it is surprising she remained unmarried. 'Maybe she was too romantic, waiting for the perfect man," Jenkyns says.
The question is: Which of the following sentences is True?
The possible answers are:
A:Elizabeth and Darcy fall in love at first sight.
B:Elizabeth has a better family background than Darcy.
C:Darcy has a first good impression of Elizabeth's family.
D:Elizabeth and Darcy become a romantic couple in the end.It is 1965, a 1ittle boy is on the beach with his parents. He is four years old. The boy plays near the water. He walks into the water. His parents aren't watching him. The water is over the boy's head! A woman sees the boy. She _ the boy and carries him to his parents. The woman's name is Mrs. Blaise.
It is 1975, ten years 1ater.The boy is on the same beach. He is 14 years old now. He is big and strong. He is a good swimmer. A man is in the water. The man can't swim. "Help! Help!" the[:]man cries.The boy runs into the water. He swims to the man and pulls the man to the beach. "Thank you." says the man. Who is the man? His name is Mr Blaise. He is Mrs Blaise's husband
The question is: The boy was born in   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:1965
B:1961
C:1969
D:1975My teenage son Karl became withdrawn after his father died. As a single parent, I tried to do my best to talk to him. But the more I tried , the more he pulled away. When his report card arrived during his junior year, it said that he had been absent 95 times from classes. In this way he would never graduate. I sent him to the school adviser, and I even begged him. Nothing worked.
* One night I was at work when I got a phone call. A man introduced himself as a head teacher. " I want to talk to you about Karl's absences ." Before he could say another word I choked up . And said sadly, " I love my son. I've tried everything to get Karl to go back to school and nothing has worked. It's out of my hands." For a moment there was silence on the other end of the line. The head teacher seriously said, " Thank you for your time."
* Karl's next report card showed a marked improvement in his grades. He was even on the list of the best students at school. In his fourth year, I took part in a parent-teacher meeting.I noticed that his teachers were surprised at the way he had turened himself around. On our way home, he said, " Mum, remember that call from the head teacher last year?" I nodded. "That was me. I thought I'd play a joke but I heard what you said, It really hit me how much I was hurting you.That's when I knew I had to make you proud."
, . (5)
The question is: According to the first report card, Karl   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:often went to school late
B:did well at school
C:did a good job at school
D:failed in the examsI will never forget my first English class. It is very interesting. It's the first class in the morning. The teacher goes into the classroom with a smile on his face. At the beginning, he makes a self-introduction . And he tells us that his English name is John. Then he asks all of us to think of English names for ourselves. We are very excited  to find a good name. Then he asks us to write our names down on a piece of paper. I think about my English name for a long time. Then I come up with  a beautiful name ---Shirley. All the students write their names down and give the paper to the teacher. When the teacher calls "Shirley" to answer his question, three girls stand up at the same time.
The question is: Where do we write down our English names?
The possible answers are:
A:On the blackboard.
B:On the desk.
C:On our hands.
D:On the paper.Henry Smith taught science at the City School. One day, he wen to a bookstore and bought some books. Most of them were expensive. He left them in his car in a quiet street. Then he went and bought some other things at other shops. At 6 o'clock he came back to the car. One window was open and the books were gone. Henry drove back to his home in Lake Street.
That night he wrote a letter to a newspaper. The next day he went to the police station.
On Friday people read an advertisement in the newspaper.
BOOKS WANTED
DO YOU HAVE ANY BOOKS THAT YOU NO LONGER WANTED? I BUY OLD AND MODERN BOOKS. OPEN ALL DAY ON SATURDAY. HENRY SMITH, 18 LAKE STREET.
Henry stayed at home on Saturday. His first visitor came at 8 o'clock.
Henry took him to the kitchen. At half past nine another man arrived. He had a bag under his arm.
"Mr Smith?" the man asked.
"That's right," Henry said, "Can I help you?"
"I have some good books. You buy books, don't you?"
"Yes, bring them in. I'll have a look at them."
Soon the books were on the dining-table.
"Come in now," Henry called out, "And bring the list."
A policeman came into the dining-room. He read the titles  on the books and those on the list in his hand. They were the same.
"Come with me, Sir," the policeman said to the man.
The question is: What happened to the man?
The possible answers are:
A:He ran away.
B:He was very happy to sell the books.
C:He was caught by the policeman.
D:He was very clever.Judy had very bad luck yesterday. In the morning, she came to school late, because her alarm clock didn't _ . Usually she goes to school at 7:20 am. But yesterday, it was already 8:00 am when she got up. The teacher was angry  and asked her to stay in the classroom after school. At 5:00 pm, it was time for students to go home. But Judy couldn't. She stayed until  5:30 pm. When she just went out of the classroom, it began to rain. She didn't have an umbrella. On her way home, she fell off  her bicycle. When she got home, she was wet all through.
The question is: When did Judy's classmates go home?
The possible answers are:
A:At 7:20 am.
B:At 8:30 am.
C:At 5:00 pm.
D:At 5:30 pm.One day, I had a bad toothache. I couldn't eat anything. So I went to see the dentist.
" What's wrong with your teeth? " asked the dentist.
" I have a toothache. " I told him.
" Let me see your teeth ...... Um, there's a hole in one of the teeth. Do you eat a lot of sweet food? " The dentist asked me.
" Yes, I do. I often eat ice cream, biscuits, chocolate and I often drink cola and milk with sugar, " I told him.
" All these are bad for your teeth. You must eat less sweet food and brush your teeth at least twice every day. Now let me fill your bad tooth. "
The question is: What was wrong with the write?
The possible answers are:
A:She couldn't eat or sleep.
B:She had a toothache.
C:She couldn't eat any sweet food.
D:She had a headache.What's a big problem in Shenzhen today, do you think? Besides pollution, traffic is, of course.
There are too many people, too many cars but too little space so the roads are always busy. You can almost see traffic jams everywhere. It is even worse when everyone is going to school or to work. What's more, cars need fuel  to move, so they let out a lot of dirty smoke and pollute the air.
However, the government is trying many ways to solve the problem. We can see more roads and footbridges over the main streets. And the workers are making some roads wider. It is said every car will have a computer. The computer can study the latest traffic news. Then it will look over its own map for the best way to drive and they won't get into traffic jams.
The question is: With    _    cars on the roads, there will be fewer traffic jams.
The possible answers are:
A:more
B:many
C:less
D:fewerToday is Sunday. It is sunny. Kate and her friends go to the beach.
There are lots of people here now. Some are playing volleyball. Others are swimming in the sea. Look at this group of people singing and taking a sunbath   on the beach.
After swimming for some time, Kate feels very tired. So she has a rest at the swimming club on the beach.
Where are Kate's best friends? Susan is learning to swim in the water. Gina is helping her to learn swimming. Susan is clever. I think she can swim soon.
,.
The question is: Kate has a rest because she feels   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:happy
B:cold
C:tired
D:sadMy dad used to say he knew I would be a singer. When I was a baby, I was always singing loudly. Dad was a big sports fan, but he was happy I loved music.
After dinner, Dad would often ask me to sing. He always said I sang I Will Always Love You much better than Whitney Houston!
At every school concert he cheered me on. The look of pride on his face made me happy.
My life was full of concerts, singing lessons and laughter. Though my mum and brothers helped me, they did not share our love for music.
Our lives changed when Dad was told that he had cancer. We always hoped that something would happen and he would get better, but the doctors told us that they could not save him.
About a week before my dad died, he fell into a coma  . The nurses said even though Dad did not reply, he could still hear me.
The nurses said I should sing him a song. I sang one of our favorites. As I sang, my dad gave a big smile, and clapped  .
I will always remember that smile. I was so pleased to know that Dad had heard me sing one more song.
My dad died on May 14, 2000. It was hard to believe: he was so full of life. I don't know how to say how much I miss him.
Now I have all the memories of him and his beautiful smile deep inside my heart. I will always know that he is listening from his front row seat in _ .
He used to say: "Sing from your heart."
My dad has been and will always be my hero.
The question is: According to the story, Whitney Houston is probably   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:a famous singer
B:a famous actress
C:the writer's friend
D:a sports starMr. Lee was in bed and was trying to go to sleep when he heard the bell ring. He turned on the light and looked at his clock. It was twelve o'clock. "Who can it be at this time of night?" He thought. He decided to go and find out. So he got of bed, put on his dressing gown and went to the door. When he opened the door, there was nobody there. "That is very strange." Then he went back to his bedroom, took off his dressing gown, got back into bed, turned off the light and tried to go to sleep.
A few minutes later he heard the bell again. Mr. Lee jumped out of bed very quickly and rushed to the door. He opened it, but again he found no one there. He closed the door and tried not to feel angry. Then he saw a piece of paper on the floor. He picked it up. There were some words on it: "It is now after midnight, so it is April Fool's Day. April Fool to you!"
"Oh, it was the English boy next door!" Mr. Lee exclaimed   and almost smiled. He went back to bed and felt asleep at once. The bell did not ring again.
The question is: Mr. Lee thought the English boy   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:was a bad boy
B:was friendly with him
C:shouldn't ring the bell at midnight
D:did a dangerous thingMany college students have given up taking class notes by hand. Instead, they type  on computers. But scientists say that method is less helpful.
If you need to remember something, write it. Writing notes by hand is much better for long-term memory of idea. So, turn off your computer if you want to remember something.
Students who type notes on a keyboard often write down what the teacher says word-for-word. They may write without really thinking about what they are writing. These electronic notes contained  more words. But scientists say it leads to " _ ." Transcription means to write down something exactly as you hear it.
However, students taking notes by writing them, need to first process the information they hear. Then they record just the main parts. They use fewer words. This is because people usually write slower than they type. This kind of process leads to a deeper understanding.
The scientists did a research. In the research, students listened to a teacher and then took a test. Some took notes by typing on a computer. The others took notes by writing them down.
Both groups performed about the same in remembering facts. But students who typed their notes did much worse on conceptual  questions. These questions required them to understand an idea.
Also, scientists found that those who wrote their notes remembered conceptual information better a week later. Scientists believe that the students who took notes by writing them had a deeper understanding of ideas.
Scientists know that students probably will still use their computers in class. But they suggest to take notes by hand on screens. They say this might be a good way between different schools.
The question is: The passage mainly tells us   _   .
The possible answers are:
A:how to take notes fast in college class
B:how to work out conceptual problems
C:taking notes by hand is better than typing
D:taking notes is important in classGoing to a new school can be difficult, but this passage will help you in the beginning. Here is something to help you to fit in .
First, take a day to enjoy your school. You won't fit in at school if you don't know the school. Ask for a school map. Try to get to know every corner of your new school. A good school handhook can be of great help. But to make it easy, ask the people near you where something is--tell people that you are new when you need help.
Be nice to everyone. Be nice to everyone, the young or the old, because they might just be your next teacher or friend.
Get to know your teachers and pay attention in class. Teachers always pay attention to  new students, Talk to them and find out more about them. Never test their limits --don't go too far, or you may end up getting into trouble 
You need to make friends. Talk to different people. Be yourself and don't lie. This is YOUR school now, take a chance  on being who you weren't at your old school. Join a few clubs or sports teams and make more friends in this way.
Be yourself and be polite. Don't worry too much about what people think of you. Be true, be yourself, and be nice to everyone, no matter how mean (unfriendly) they may seem at first. It's often the "girl/boy that I didn't like at my new school" that ends up being my friend after a little while. But then again, don't be afraid to stand up for yourself if it's very clear that you should.
Work hard to fit in while still being yourself. The first few weeks are always hard, but you'll soon get used to it.
The question is: Who does the writer write the passage for?
The possible answers are:
A:parents
B:teachers
C:students
D:friendsThe Internet, mobile phones and iPads are parts of our lives now. Technology is greatly affecting all ways of our lives, from the ways we work to the ways we play. And it even causes a number of social problems such as cloning   humans.
We have had lots of technology and it has changed our lives a lot. We are sure that humans will continue to use more and more technology. Here are some examples of modern technology that will change our ideas and will affect our lives greatly.
Global Positioning System (GPS)  
It's a system that uses radio signals from satellites to show exact   information.   It tells you where the user is on the earth in all weather conditions.  It's made up of three parts: satellites, control equipments   on land and receivers.
Space Technology
Russian and American scientists have worked together for the International Space Station, (ISS) for a long time. They hope the ISS will provide a long-lasting lab. Such a lab will bring humans limitless   advantages. It's even hoped that one day space technology will take humans to their new houses in space.
Underwater Robot
Hercules is a kind of underwater robot with some high technology equipments. It will be used to search for ancient ships which were destroyed into the deep sea during their journey long ago.
The world is changing so quickly that it's hard for us to catch up with all the new inventions because they seem to come out every month. It's important for us to learn about new technology and the role that it plays in our lives. So we should be willing to accept modem technology, or we will fall behind the times.
The question is: Hercules is used to  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:save lives in the sea
B:take pictures in the sea
C:repair the broken ships
D:look for the ancient ships in the sea6 June ,Saturday
I read an article about people living in the e-age yesterday .It talks about different ways of communicating like chatting online  ,sending e-mails ,sending different kinds of messages and keeping an online diary .
The article says that people nowadays send e-mails at least once a day .I do not agree with this because I send e-mails only twice a week .However ,I do check my e-mails once a day .I like receiving e-mails.
About chatting online ,the article says that it is becoming more and more popular among teenagers .I think this is true .Whenever I arrive at home ,I turn on my computer and log  on to chat online with my friends .I prefer chatting online to calling a friend .because I can chat with many friends at the same time .But I like using mobile phones. When I don't have my computer with me ,I can send short messages to my friends . I also like keeping in touch  with them in this way .
I keep an online diary four times a week .I like telling others what has happened to me .I think I am one of the people living in the e-age . I can't live without computers or mobile phones .
The question is: What does the passage NOT talk about ?
The possible answers are:
A:Living in the e-age .
B:Sending a short message .
C:Keeping an online diary .
D:Making pen pals .Barak Obama(.), a black man, is the president  of the United States now. He was born on August 4th, 1961, in Hawaii  and has lived in many places. His mother was from Kansas  and his father was from Kenya . Obama went to Columbia University  in New York and got a law degree  at Harvard University  in Massachusetts . His wife is Michelle Obama(.). She also worked as a lawyer and later worked for the University of Chicago . They have two young daughters.
Obama wrote a book Dreams from My Father.  " I always live in the dream of my father and American people, " Obama once said. He was born in a poor family. And his grandparents looked after him very well when Obama was young. He also lived and worked in Africa . Then he got good education  in Harvard University. On November 4th, 2008, he became the new president of America for the next four years.
,,.
The question is: Which of the following is NOT true?
The possible answers are:
A:Obama's father was born in Kenya.
B:Obama has a son and a daughter.
C:Obama once worked in Africa.
D:Obama got good education in Harvard University.Anyone who has ever traveled with a teenager knows that the teenager can make the vacation good or bad for the entire family. As a travel agent, Lynda Maxwell said, "If teenagers are happy, everybody is happy."
Teenagers are often interested in travelling, but their interests and schedules often aren't the same as their parents'. It means that when the parents start to look for a place of interest in the early morning, their teenagers may be sleeping soundly!
The thing makes travelling with teenagers very difficult, but it isn't impossible. The experts said, "The keys to success is what parents do before they travel."
For many families, the hardest part may be finding a vacation time that is right for everyone. Be sure to sit down with everyone else in the family before setting a date.
"After setting a date, ask teenagers where they would choose to go," suggested Maxwell. It is possible that they'd like nothing more than to sit on a beach for a week. "Maybe there's a compromise ," said Maxwell.
"Most teenagers like using the Internet now, so parents can ask them to think up the ideas about what to see and do," said Brad Anderson. "I find teenagers are excellent at making great suggestions."
The question is: Which of the following is TRUE according to the text?
The possible answers are:
A:Teenagers often have some great ideas of travelling.
B:Teenagers always make their parents disappointed.
C:Most parents often look for travel information online.
D:Teenagers should learn how to get along with their parents.Liang Huili is the leader of Huana International Volunteer Service Group,with hundreds of students, young professionals and business leaders. They held a basketball match to help 150 poor students in western China with school supplies  and winter clothes. She also worked with an organization in the US to raise money for children with heart disease.
Born in Guangdong Province in 1942, Liang moved with her family to Taiwan at the age of seven. Liang taught at a primary school for seven years until her boyfriend went to America in 1969, one year after they got married.
"We didn't have much money," she says, " so I started babysitting for other Chinese families and taking care of my own daughter at the same time." She also taught children Chinese at Chinese schools. What's more, she would help newly arrived Chinese families find apartments and work, and sometimes lend them money.
"I remember those students from China who first came in 1986. They didn't have much money, and idea of what to do," Liang told us. " I then asked people in my neighborhood and my Chinese friends for donations -not only some money but also small electronic appliances needed for daily living."
One of her experiences in Dayton, Ohio made her want to make volunteering a vocation . She remembers how she once collected  two Chinese professors who had missed their flight and had no one there to pick them up. A friend told Liang about it, and she went to meet them herself around midnight. She found the men feeling lost in that strange country, where no one spoke their language. They didn't want to go to an American hotel, and didn't know how they would get to Columbus the next day. " So I talk to them and took them home with me," she says, " and today, I am still in touch with those two professors. We are good friends."
The question is: Her experience of  _   made her decided to make volunteering her vocation.
The possible answers are:
A:moving from place to place
B:helping students in 1986
C:being a primary school teacher
D:helping the two professors in DaytonChildren should be allowed to get angry. I remember many years ago, when I was visiting my sister in Australia, and I told my oldest son that he wasn't allowed to do something he really wanted to do. He thought about it for a minute and said, "Mom, I'm very angry with you." I replied, "That's OK, darling, it's what you do with your anger." I then asked him if he wanted to talk to me about it but he was too angry to talk to me. Then he stormed off .
My sister looked at me surprisingly. Now she has a son the same age as mine and she said angrily, "How can you allow your child to be angry with you? If my son learns that from you, I will never forgive you."
Then it was hard for me to stay with her, I ended up leaving earlier. Why shouldn't my son have the right  to tell me when I have made him angry? If he can't tell me then how can he tell others in his life?
Children need to be able to express how they feel. We need to teach them ways to do this in a right way instead of saying nothing. I want them to tell me. _ anger is not healthy for anyone and usually makes things worse.
The question is: Why did the writer end up leaving earlier when visiting her sister?
The possible answers are:
A:Because her sister was angry with her and she felt it hard to stay there.
B:Because she had a meeting later.
C:Because her son was angry with her and left.
D:Because her sister asked her to leave.One day, my wife and I went shopping. We took the car as we had a lot of things to buy because my brother and his family were going to spend the weekend with us. We stopped the car in front of the shop. An hour later we came back to the car with a lot of things. Then the trouble started. We could not open the car door. "Oh, dear," said my wife. "What are we going to do?" "Let's ask that policeman," I said. The policeman was very kind and glad to help us. Soon he got the door open. Just at that moment an angry man came up and shouted. "What are you doing with my car?" We looked at the number of the car, and our faces turned very red.
The question is: They spent   _   in the shop doing their shopping.
The possible answers are:
A:half an hour
B:four hours
C:one hour
D:eight hoursWhen do you think of a forest, what do you see? Just trees? Or do you see many other things, such as singing birds, colorful plants and wild flowers?
The forest is a whole world of its own. It is full of many different living things . But even though they are all different, they have one thing in common: they all need each other in order to live on .The trees feed the forest "people" by making food in their leaves; by using sunlight to join water and minerals  from the soil and air. Their deep network of roots joins the soil together and stops it from dying out, making it possible for living things to live in it.
Human beings  are like the living things in the forest. We need one another in order to live. We need the farmers to grow our food, railroad and truck drivers to bring it to our shops and clerks  to sell it to us. We need people to prepare our food and cook it and others to take our waste things away. Then, of course, we need doctors, nurses, government leaders, mailmen, telephone operators, and many others.
We also need other human beings in another way. We need people for friendship, to talk over our problems, exchange ideas. Think how lonely and unhappy you would be if you lived all alone.
Life is a matter of giving and taking. We need to help other people as much as we need other people to help us. Think what a good feeling you have when you have done something for someone else. You know, being a volunteer is so great!
,.
The question is: According to the passage, everyone needs  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:friends
B:fruit
C:vegetables
D:foodTeachers say the digital age has had a good and a not-so-good influence on the American teenagers. More than 2,000 high school teachers took an online survey.
75 percent of the teachers said the Internet and digital search tools have had a "mostly good" use for their students' research habits and skills, But 87 percent agreed that these technologies "make the students not have enough attention." And 64 percent said the technologies "do little to help them in courses."
Judy Buchanan is a director of the National Writing Project. Ms. Buchanan says digital research tools are helping students learn more, and learn faster. Teachers really like these tools, because they are ways to make some of learning exciting. Young people enjoy using these tools. And the goal is to help them become creative students of meaningful work, and not just that kind of copyist.
But one problem the survey found is that many students don't have a good understanding of how to use the digital knowledge well. In other words, they trust  too much of the information. Judy Buchanan says these students have not developed the skills they need to tell whether the online information is good or bad.
Another problem the survey found is something that might not seem like a problem, at all, being-able to quickly find information online. Teachers say the ability of their students to work hard to find answers is becoming weaker. They say students depend too much on search engines   and do not make enough use, of printed books or research, librarians.
Besides, many teachers are also worried about the problem that the Internet makes it easy for students to copy work done by others, instead of using their own abilities.
The question is: Teachers like the digital search tools because they can  _
The possible answers are:
A:make some of learning exciting
B:help students find answers easily
C:tell whether the information is good or not
D:help students copy the work done by othersWhen you are learning English, listening, speaking and writing are important, but reading can also be very helpful. When you read, you can not only learn some new words, but also learn how to use these English words. When you read, it gives you a good example for writing.
Good reading tips:
Try to read at the right level  . Read something that you can (more or less) understand. If you need to stop every three words to use a dictionary, it is not interesting.
Try to increase   the number of your new words. If there are four or five new words on a page, write them in your notebook. But you don't have to write them while you read. Instead, try to guess their meanings as you read: mark   them with a pen. Then come back when you have finished reading to look them up in a dictionary and write them in your own vocabulary   book. Then try to remember them.
Try to read regularly. For example, read for a short time once a day. Fifteen minutes every day is better than two hours every Sunday. Fix   a time to read and keep to it. You could read for fifteen minutes when you go to bed, or when you get up or at lunchtime.
Read what interests you. Choose a book or a magazine about a subject that you like, because you are going to spend time and money reading it. So, choose an interesting book. You can also read newspapers. There are many English newspapers in China. For example, 21st Century Teens. It is easy enough for you to understand. There is something interesting in it.
The question is: According to the passage, how many reading tips does the writer give us?
The possible answers are:
A:Three.
B:Four.
C:Five.
D:Six.Last month when I was taking part in a US college interview, I was asked, " what makes you special ? " In fact I had answered questions likes this many times since I decided to go to college in the US .college paid special attention to different achievement . For example, a person who is very good at math can go to a famous college but also can be a good football player .
This experience made me think again that I must try to find where my own interests might lead me . To be honest, it was not easy . However, I never felt sorry to choose this way because it helped me understand myself . If I took the College Entrance Examination,as we call it gaokao in China, it could never possibly do .
When I entered high school, I took gaokao seriously because it seemed to me a great way to show how good at my lessons . However,as I grew older, I realized gaokao did make me work hard at my lessons, but the pressure also pushed many other activities out of my life, like guitar--playing . Although I had no time for it, I will still get to it in the future .
No doubt, gaokao provides a way of choosing those who are successful in their studies . But it is really important for all of us to rethink what " talent " really is today . This is because we now live in a world in which all of our other human qualities ( )are needed for success, not just the high grade .
Ken Robinson once said, " the society depends on different kinds of talents . "  However, gaokao pays too attention  to a person's grades but little to his other qualities. And it is these qualities that makes life colorful and fun .
As high school students, we can not change the present situation of eduction, but we are always free to think outside of the box . Although good school grade is still useful, I hope one day we will see our education also welcomes the amazing possibilities in different people .
The question is: When at high school, the writer   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:had a lot of activities .
B:did not work hard at her lessons .
C:did well in gaokao
D:had no time to play the guitar .I'm Lisa from London,England,and I'm a vegetarian.That's someone who don't eat meat.Why am I a vegetarian? Well,I love animals,so I don't want to eat them.We can stay healthy if we eat onlv fruit and vegetables.
A lot of  people are vegetarians in England.There are a few shops and restaurantints that sell food  Just for us.For example,there's a store near my house that makes lots of dishes with cheese and tofu. The tofu is great but I can't eat the cheese.It has too much fat.
It's easy to be a vegetarian when I'm at home.1 cook lots of interesting dishes from grains and vegetables.I can make many different kinds of food,and I often cook meals for myfamily  they aren't vegetarians,but they don't mind vegetarian food
In some restaurants it is difficult to get vegetarian food.Last Sunday, I went to Steve's Steakhouse with my friends.They all wanted to eat roast beef. I looked for vegetarian food,but
every dish had meat in it.I asked the waiter;"Can you give me something with no meat?"He asked,"Would you like some fish?""No,thanks,"1 said."I only want vegetables--no meat,and no fish.""But this is a steakhouse."said the waiter."People come here because they want to eat meat!"
So we didn't eat in Steve's Steakhouse.We went to an Italian restaurant.My friends had meat pizzas(yuck!),and Ihad a big salad.
The question is: .What kind of dish can't you taste in Steve's Steakhouse?
The possible answers are:
A:Roast beef.
B:Dishes with fish.
C:Dishes with chicken.
D:Dishes without meat.A man went to buy a piece of meat. As he didn't know how to cook meat, he asked the butcher    to tell him the way of cooking it. The butcher told him how to cook it, "But I can't remember your words," the man said. "Will you please write them down for me?" The butcher was kind enough to write them down for him. The man went home happily with the meat in his hand and the note   in his pocket  . A dog followed him on the way. It jumped at him, took the meat away and ran off. The man stood there, not knowing what to do. Then he laughed and said, "never mind. You don't know how to eat it. The note is still in my pocket."
The question is: What do you think of the man?
The possible answers are:
A:He was afraid of dogs.
B:He loved dogs very much.
C:He was a very foolish man.
D:He didn't know how to do things.Do you want to make friends with a special man? Here is some information about him.
He is quiet and shy. He likes to hide his eyes behind his hair. He doesn't smile very often. However, if you talk to him about music, he'll have a lot to say.
This is Jay Chou, the 34-year-old Taiwanese pop king . His fans are so excited because he will have a singing party next month. Many pop stars will come, too.
Chou grew up just with his mother. He did not talk much and did badly in many school subjects.  His mother noticed the boy's special interest in music and sent him to learn piano when he was only three years old. He loved it and kept on practicing.
Chou is not very handsome. He does not speak clearly when he sings or talks. But the singer has a lot of fans. "He is really good at music. It makes him attractive  to me, " said Liu Jiajun, a Junior 2 student in No. 101 Middle School in Beijing.  "He is true to himself. _ , "said Zhang Yujie, a Junior 1 girl at No.23 Middle School in Nanjing, Jiangsu Province.
The question is: When he was a little child, he  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:talked a lot every day
B:did well in his study at school
C:started to like music
D:had a lot of fansI suppose when you grow up in one place, you have friends whom you've known since childhood.But as a child who moved a lot, my oldest friendships are with my cousins.
On our return from Guam, my parents, sisters and I walked off the plane in Alexandria.All my cousins were there to meet us.
I was excited to see them again.The last time I'd seen Don, Sherri and  David was two years before.That summer we'd caught fireflies  and watched Don and his friends play a game.Some boys acted like a bull  with a rope .His friend held the rope and Don rode on it.When Don fell off, he got up and tried again.
Just like riding that bull, Don put his heart into everything he did.As a young man he was told he got cancer .But he fought it and never gave up.Like what he did that summer, he held tight  , falling off a few times and trying again.I was excited and proud of my cousin for planning and going after his dream.I wished his ride would have lasted longer.
The question is: The writer and his family returned to Alexandria  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:by boat
B:by ship
C:by air
D:by trainAmerican boys and girls like watching TV. Some children spend six hours a day at school and four to six hours a day in front of the TV sets. Some children even watch TV for eight hours or more on Saturday.
Television is like books and films . A child can learn good things and bad things from it. Some TV _ help children to understand the news, the people and places from other countries. With TV, children do not have to go out to see films, they can hear interesting music or watch a game at home. But some programs are bad for children, so parents sometimes help them to find other interesting and useful things to do.
The question is: With TV, children can   _   at home.
The possible answers are:
A:play football
B:hold a sports meeting
C:see some films
D:have a swimLi Qiang and Li Gang are brothers. But their living habits   are different. Now let's go to Li Qiang's room. Li Qiang cleans his bedroom every day and puts his things away. Look! There is a computer on the desk. There are two balls under the bed. A guitar and a kite are on the wall. Some books are on the shelf. So he must be a careful   boy. Now let's go to Li Gang's room. The room is not clean. Can we see his clothes on the desk? Oh, yes. We can see a football and a knife on the desk, too. Li Gang never does any cleaning on weekends. So his room is in a mess.
What do you think of Li Qiang and Li Gang? Li Qiang is a good boy. Li Gang must learn from his brother.
,.
The question is: What can we see on Li Gang's desk?
The possible answers are:
A:His clothes and a computer.
B:A kite, a football and a knife.
C:His clothes, a football and a knife.
D:Some books, a football and a computer.According to a recent survey, British teenagers are damaging  their health by not getting enough sleep because they are prevented from doing so by electronic gadgets   in their bedrooms.
According to the Sleep Council, "junk sleep" could compete with eating unhealthy junk food as a main worrying lifestyle for parents of teenage children.
Among the l, 000 students aged 12 t0 16 who were tested in the survey, 30 percent just slept for 4 to 7 hours a day. Almost a quarter said they fell asleep, more than once a week, while watching TV, listening to music or using other electronic gadgets.
"This is a quite worrying trend ", said Dr Chris Idzikowski of the Edinburgh Sleep Centre. "What we are seeing is the appearance of terrible junk sleep - sleep that is of neither the length  nor the quality it should be."
Nearly each of the teenagers had a phone, music system or TV in his or her bedroom, with around two-thirds owning all three. Almost one in five of the teenage boys said the quality of their sleep had been influenced by leaving their TVs or computers on. The survey also found that 40 percent of youngsters felt tired each day, with girls aged 15 to 16 feeling the worst.
"Teenagers need to wake up to the fact that to perform  well. They need to do something about their sleep. I'm shocked  that so few teenagers have noticed
," said Idzikowski.
The question is: Among the students tested in the survey, about   _    of them fell asleep while using their electronic gadgets.
The possible answers are:
A:200
B:250
C:300
D:400Here are some easy tips for getting to sleep. They can help you deal with tension, stress and anxiety, and enjoy a good night sleep. Not every one of these tips alone will get you to sleep, but a few of them at least should be useful.
Get some physical exercise during the day. Even 15 minutes a day of exercise (at least half an hour before going to bed, so your body will have a chance to slow down) will give your body the activity and oxygen  it needs to help you relax more and sleep better.
Listen to the light music. Play some soft, smooth music that help you sleep. Of course you must have a recorder or CD player that will automatically  turn off because if you get up and turn it off in the end, it'll lose its effect.
Drink warm milk. A glass of warm milk 15 minutes before going to bed will keep you calm.
Keep regular bedtime hours. Your body likes regular routines ,.It likes to know that it's going to get up at the same time each day, eat at the same time, and go to bed at the same time. Keep far away from caffeine, alcohol and tobacco. Before you go to sleep, you'd better not drink coffee or cola which has caffeine. Don't drink wine, beer or champagne which has alcohol and don't smoke.
Don't watch TV or read before going to bed. Wait at least half an hour before going to bed after reading or watching TV.
The question is: Which of the following is NOT mentioned  in this text?
The possible answers are:
A:Listening to music.
B:Drinking warm milk.
C:Keeping far away from caffeine.
D:Using sleeping pills.Body language shows all kinds of feelings and is sometimes more important than spoken language.A smile is a usual facial expression----it shows that you are friendly to others. However, it does not always mean that you are happy. A smile can hide other feelings, like anger, fear, or worry.
In most countries, nodding the head up and down shows agreement, while shaking the head means that you do not agree, or that you would not like to do something. If you stand holding your arms across your chest, you may be protecting yourself---just from a conversation you do not want! If you sit looking at the person you are talking to and then turn toward to him, it shows that you are interested. If you roll your eyes and turn your head away, most likely you do not believe what you are hearing, or you do not like what you hear.
The question is: If a man stands holding his arms across his chest, it means   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:he wants to protect himself from a conversation he doesn't want
B:he is very interested in the conversation
C:he is pleased with the man he is talking to
D:he wants to know more about the man he is talking toIn almost every big university in the United States football is a favorite sport. American football is not like soccer.
Players sometimes kick the ball, but they also throw the ball and run with it. They try to take it to the other end of the field. They have four chances to move the ball ten yards. They can carry it or throw it. If they move it to the end of the field, they receive six points. This is called a touch--down. It is difficult to move the ball. Eleven men on the team try to stop the man who has the ball. If the man does not move the ball ten yards, his team kicks the ball to the other team.
Each university wants its team to win. Thousands of people come to watch. They all yell for their favorite team. Young men and women called cheerleaders come on the field to help the people yell more. They dance and jump while they yell.
Each team plays ten or eleven games each season. The season begins in September and ends in November. If a team is very good, it may play another game after the season ends. The best teams play again on January 1st, the first day of the New Year. Many people go to see these games and many others watch them on television
The question is: Most teams play games in   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:spring
B:summer
C:autumn
D:winterWhile you're in Shanghai, please come and take a walk round some of our interesting places.
Shanghai Museum
You must see this beautifully designed museum. It is a wonderful place to study Chinese art and history. There are ancient treasures, fantastic Chinese sculptures, paintings from all ages and many other things for you to enjoy. Pay to enter.
Open 9:00 am - 5:00 pm.(9:00 am - 8:00 pm, Saturday)
Yu Gardens
These famous Ming gardens are often rather crowded. Don't forget to try their delicious snacks. Pay to enter. Open 8:30 am - 5:00 pm.
Lu Xun's Museum
This is a great place for book-lovers. There are photographs of the famous writer, some of his books written by hand and many letters. A very interesting place for a few hours. Very cheap.
Open 9:00 am - 4:00 pm.
Shanghai Natural History Museum
Everything is about the natural world and science. You can study dinosaurs, hundreds of animals, plants, rocks and more, and see many unusual exhibition. Very cheap.
Open 9:00 am -5:00 pm.
Shanghai Art Museum
An interesting building, once used as a race club and library. Drop in and see the latest exhibition. There are shows by painters from all over the country. The museum also encourages research into art. Pay to enter. Open 9:00 am - 5:00 pm.
The question is: If someone is interested in silver pots of the Tang Dynasty, he or she can go to    _     .
The possible answers are:
A:Shanghai Museum
B:Shanghai Art Museum
C:Lu Xun's Museum
D:Shanghai Natural History MuseumSteven is six years old. He gets some money from his mother every week. He buys a lot of things from the shops, but he doesn't really need them, and he puts them everywhere. One day his mother gives him a notebook and says, "Now, Steven, when you buy things, write their names down in the notebook, and also write down how much they are. Then you can look at it again when your money is all gone  , and you don't waste   so much money next time."
After a week, Steven says to his mother, "Do you know, Mum, before I spend   any money now, I really stop and think!" His mother is very happy and thinks, "Well, my son knows the value   of money now." But then she hears him say, "Mum, before I buy something, I always ask myself, 'Can I spell   that word and put it down in my notebook?' "
The question is: What does Steven stop to think about before he spends any money?
The possible answers are:
A:Which to buy.
B:What he really needs.
C:Which is nice.
D:How to spell the name of the thing.Jim comes from the U.S. He is now living in China. He gets up at about 6:30 and has breakfast at 7:00. After breakfast, he says goodbye to his parents and leaves home at 7:30. He usually walks to school. He gets there at 7:55. He has his first class at eight.
Morning classes are over at 12:10 and he has lunch 10 minutes later. After lunch he plays with his friends.
Afternoon classes begin at 1:30. Usually there are two lessons in the afternoon. They finish at 3:30. Usually he plays games or other things at school, and he gets home at about 5:15. He has _ at six and then does his homework and then watches TV. He goes to bed at about 10:30.
The question is: From the passage we can infer  that  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:Jim usually finishes his lunch at about 12:20
B:Jim's parents also live in China now
C:Jim works as an English teacher in China now
D:it usually takes Jim half an hour to get to school from homeLast weekend, our family went to have Christmas dinner in a restaurant. We were the only family with a baby in the restaurant. Suddenly, my baby Erik became excited when we were enjoying our meal. I looked around and saw an old man with old clothes and dirty old shoes. His hair was unwashed. He was smiling at my Erik.
"He might hurt my Erik," I thought. Everyone in the restaurant looked at us and the old man. Then we decided to leave. The old man sat between the door and us.
As I walked closer to the man, I turned my back. Suddenly, Erik leaned  over my arms, reaching with both arms in a baby's pick-me-up position . Before I could stop him, Erik had escaped  from my arms to the man's. Soon the very old smelly man and my young baby developed a kind of friendship.
Erik put his little hand on the man's face, and I saw the old man closed his eyes and tears running down his face. His aged hands held my baby so gently . A moment later, the old man opened his eyes, passed me my baby and said, "Thank you, Madam. You've given me the best Christmas gift."
I cried, with my face burning hot. A child saw a soul , but a mother saw only a kind of clothes.
The question is: We can learn from the passage that Erik   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:showed kindness to the old man
B:had seen the old man before
C:was popular in the restaurant
D:was hurt by the old manJack Brown, an office worker, lives in Washington. He inherited a million dollars when he was 23, but he wasn't happy at all.When his college friends were looking for their jobs, he didn't have to. Jack decided to keep living a simple life like everyone else. He gave $ 10,000 of his money to a charity to help poor children live a happy life. Today he is 36. He still wears cheap shoes and clothes and drives a small car only, but he is very happy.
Up to now Jack has helped some children from poor countries all over the world, by sending them each $200 a month. The money is used for the children's study, food, medicine and clothing. Jack receives a report each year on the children's progress They can write to each other, but usually the children do not speak English.
When Jack first heard about these children, he wanted to help them. "It was nothing special,"he said."Until I went to these countries and met the children I was helping, I didn't know anything about their life." Once Jack went to meet a little girl in Africa, he said that the meeting was very exciting. "When I met her, I felt very,very happy,"he said."And I saw that the money was _ . It brought me happiness. I want to do everything I can to go on helping these children."
The question is: Jack learns about the children's progress by   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:going to visit them
B:getting a report each year
C:staying with them
D:talking to them in EnglishThree travelers, Allan, Carl and Paul were sitting on the chairs in a train station. They were waiting for a train that was very late.
To pass the time, they began talking to each other.
At first, they talked about the weather and their work. Then Paul said, "Tell me--what would you most like to do if your doctor tell you that you have only three months to live?"
The other two men thought about this for a while, then Carl spoke.
"Well," he said, "if I have only three months to live, I'll take all my money out of the bank and go to foreign countries for holidays with my best friend, Erik. I'd like to travel to the places in the world as many as possible. And I'll stay at the best hotels and then eat the best food. I think I'll have a wonderful time."
"That's very interesting." Paul said.
With these words, he turned to the other man, saying, "And what about you?"
"I'll tell you a secret," Allan said. "I always want to be a racing driver. So if I have only three months to live, the first thing I'd like to do is to sell my house. With the money I'll buy the fastest car in the world. Maybe I can enter all the big motor races."
Then he laughed, "I might even end up (......) world champion."
"Now it's your turn," Allan went on, "If your doctor tell you the bad news, what would you most like to do?"
"Oh," said Paul with a smile. "I'll go and see another doctor."
The question is: The man called   _   answered the question first.
The possible answers are:
A:Carl
B:Allan
C:Erik
D:PaulThis is a song, and millions of  Americans will hear it on New Year's Eve. It is called "Auld Lang Syne" (<<>> ). It is the traditional music played during New Year's celebration. "Auld Lang Syne" is an old Scottish poem. It tells about the need to remember old friends.
The words "auld lang syne" mean "old long since". No one knows who wrote the poem first.
However, a version by Scottish poet Robert Burns was published in 1796. The words and music we know today first appeared in a song book three years later.
The song is played in the United States mainly on New Year's Eve. The version you are hearing today is by the Washington Saxophone Quartet. One of the 4 musicians in the group is VOA's Rich Kainfaite. As we end our programme with "Auld Lang Syne",I would like to wish all of our radio friends a very happy New Year! This is Buddy Thomas.
The question is: Where is this passage from?
The possible answers are:
A:A magazine.
B:A TV programme.
C:A radio programme
D:A newspaper.Today's the day of a big test at school, and you feel awful. Your stomach hurts and you have a headache. Some people might feel their hearts beating quickly while they are waiting for the test paper. A student with really strong test _ may even feel like he or she might be sick or throw up .
Sound familiar? You'll find that just about all people--adults and others--have some anxiety before a test. According to studies, proper anxiety can be helpful, keeping you sharp and focused and even helping you get good grades. But when you have so much anxiety or feel so sick that you can't do well in your studies or tests, that's bad for your studies or your body health.
Of course, if you don't study for the test, you might be worried. That kind of anxiety isn't easy to deal with because even if you find a way to calm down, you still might not know what to do with it. When you are preparing for a test and you get a handle on your test, you will be able to let your knowledge work well and get good grades.
For example, last Wednesday was the day of a big test at school. Jane felt awful. Her stomach hurt and she had a headache. She knew she hadn't caught a cold--but only a little nervous about the test. She really didn't know why.
The question is: When you feel too nervous in a test, you may  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:improve yourself
B:fail in the test
C:get good grades
D:feel very relaxedSummer Camp 2013
Good news! Summer Camp 2013 opens between 9:30 a.m. and 11:30 a.m. on June 30th. And it will last for a week. All children aged 7-14 are welcome. Each child can take part in only one of the following activities and needs to pay 150 yuan for it.
1. Sports (basketball, football, table tennis, etc.)
2. Learn in groups (painting, singing, dancing, piano, computer, etc.)
3. English Worlds (songs, films, games, plays, etc.)
Some American children are coming to the camp. If you really want to spend an interesting summer holiday, please join us for learning with fun. Act now! Book your seat as soon as possible either by phone or by e-mail. Register   and pay before June 18th, then you can have a Mickey T-shirt as a member of the camp.
Dongfang Children's Palace: No. 23, East Street, Changping
Tel: 83212563  E-mail: dsbc1234@childrenpalace.net
The question is: What can't you do in Summer Camp 2013?
The possible answers are:
A:Learn painting and dancing.
B:Join a group that you are interested in.
C:Climb mountains and see birds.
D:Speak English with some American children.Once upon a time, there was a poor man. One day, after working for hours, he had a rest under a tree in the middle of the field. Just then, he saw a terrible snake coming out of an anthill . The man thought that the snake might be the god of the field. He did not give it anything, so he could not get anything from the field.
At once he went to bring a bowl of milk and offered the milk to the snake. "God of the field! I didn't know that you live here. That's why I never gave you anything. Please _ me. " Then he went home.
The next day, when the man came, he found a gold coin in the bowl near the anthill. From then on, the man gave milk to the snake and found gold coins.
One day the man was so busy that he couldn't send milk to the snake. So he asked his son to take care of the snake. The son brought milk to the anthill and gave it to the snake. The next day, when he came back, he found a gold coin in the bowl. After taking the gold coin, he thought, "This anthill must be full of gold coins. I would kill the snake and take them all."
The next day, the son came to the field with milk and a stick. He gave the milk to the snake and hit it with the stick. The snake escaped the stick and bit the boy to death.
The question is: We may find the passage  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:in a research
B:in a sports magazine
C:in a poster
D:in a storybookDear Tommy,
I'm  writing to you on your third birthday. I want to tell you something about your grandma's time. I was born sixty-eight years ago in a small village.
Transportation used to be a big problem. When we travelled from village to village, we used to walk or ride horses.
Shopping was not an easy job, either. There were no supermarkets in the neighborhood. We used to grow most of our own food: rice and vegetables. We kept things cool in a special underground room.
The biggest difference is that you have electricity. We didn't have electricity until very late in our small village. We didn't have any televisions of course. We used to perform our local music and enjoy it very much.
Life used to be very hard, but I was not upset. I would like you to know about the old days and be happy about what you have. Remember , feeling good about life is the key to happiness.
Love
Your grandma
The question is: We can know about   _   from the letter.
The possible answers are:
A:the writer's old life experience.
B:the writer's future life.
C:what a kid can do for old people.
D:how the writer has changed.Have you ever dreamed about sending a letter to yourself or your friends in the future? While express mail  is a fast way to send your letters, there is another type of mail appearing in China as a new business--future mail.
"The letter should be sent next Mother's Day and not a day earlier!" Lin Xiaofan, a college student in Shanghai, tells one of the companies offering the service.
Lin Xiaofan wrote the letter to her mother nearly a year earlier to express her love to her mother for next Mother's Day.
"Offering this service makes people slow down and lets them understand the meaning of 'time' in another way," said Zheng Zhimin, manager at a "future mail" company. Zheng thinks "future mail" letters help remind us of care, friendship and love.
While "future mail" is becoming more and more popular, some people are wondering what will happen if the postal address changes or if the company goes broken before the letters arrive.
Zheng said customers are glad to sign a contract  to make sure that they can be _ if their letters are lost or damaged.
Most of the customers are college students and young white-collar  workers. Psychologists   said that young Chinese might have a new way to express their feelings through this service. Most people put their hopes and wishes in the letter so that they can experience the connection  between the past and the present when they receive the letter.
The question is: "Future mail" is a/an   _   way to send your letter.
The possible answers are:
A:fast
B:old
C:new
D:cheapEighth-grader Victoria Bills is talking about money with her classmates. She is worried that a company's stock   price could fall. It may be an unusual topic of conversation for a 13-year-old. But at Bills' school in Chicago, US, you hear it all the time.
The Chicago school's 420 students learn about economic . They also get a chance to make money. Each 1stgrade and 5thgrade, students learn the basics of economics and investing .
Then in 6thgrade, they put what they've learned to work. Students join a junior group that manages the $20,000. The group, made up of 12 to 14 students, decides which stocks to buy.
After graduating, students pass on $20,000 to the next 1stgrade class. They keep half of the rest of the money; the other half goes toward improving the school. They can choose to put their money in a college-savings program or take the cash.
In 2007, Bills suggested that her class buy the stock of the Apple computer company. This was just before the iPhone came out. "We bought stock just at the right time," she says. The kids bought Google stock as it reached $400 a share. It is now worth over $500. "It was a good buy," says Myles Gate, 13. He hopes to be a banker one day.
The school's two graduating classes of 2005 and 2006 have each earned about $10,000 in profits .
The question is: Who manages the $20,000 in the class?
The possible answers are:
A:The teachers.
B:The school.
C:The students.
D:The parents.Nigel is our new next-door neighbour. He's a pilot . He was in the R.F.A. He will fly to New York next month. The month after next he'll fly to Tokyo. At the moment, he's in Madrid. He flew to Spain a week ago. He'll return to London the week after next . He's only forty-one years old, and he has already been to nearly every country in the world. Nigel is a very lucky  man. But his wife isn't very lucky. She usually stays at home!
The question is: Is Nigel's wife lucky?
The possible answers are:
A:Yes, she is.
B:No, she isn't.
C:She is lucky.
D:No, she is.One day an old man went for a walk in a park in Washington and when he was tired, he sat down on a chair by a swimming pool. A young person was standing on the other side of the pool.
"Oh!" the old man said to the person sitting next to him. "Do you see the person with the loose clothes and long hair? Is it a boy or a girl?"
"A girl," said his neighbor. "She is my daughter."
"Oh!" the old man said quickly. "Please forgive me. I didn't know that you were her mother."
"I'm not," said the person. "I'm her father."
The question is: Which can be the best title for the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:Are They Wearing the Same Clothes?
B:A Boy or a Girl?
C:What's Wrong with the Boys?
D:What's Wrong with the Girls?Mr. Dawson is an old man with a bad temper  . Kids were afraid to go into his yard to pick apples.
One day, 12-year-old Janet and her friend Amy had to walk past Mr. Dawson' s house. When Janet saw him outside, she suggested they cross the street and walk on the other side. But Amy said they didn't need to.
When Mr. Dawson saw Amy, he smiled and said: " Hello, Amy! I see you have a new friend with you today." Amy smiled back. Mr. Dawson was friendly and gave them each a fresh apple.
Later, Janet asked Amy: " Everyone says he is the most unwelcoming  person in town. Why was he kind to us?" Amy explained that when she first walked past his house, she was also afraid of him. But she pretended  there was an invisible  smile on his face and started talking to him. At first she only said "hello" but then began talking to him more every time she saw him.
"An invisible smile?" Janet was puzzled  . "Yes," answered Amy. "My grandma told me to try that. She says smiles can spread. So if we keep trying to smile at someone, sooner or later they will smile back."
Amy's grandma realized most people can't refuse  to smile at a friendly face.
The question is: People thought that Mr. Dawson was a(n)   _   person.
The possible answers are:
A:honest
B:kind
C:welcome
D:UnfriendlyHello, everyone! My name is Bob. I have a good friend. His name is Paul. He is a yellow dog. I like him very much.
Every morning Paul runs with me, and we play in the park every afternoon. Paul is very fat. He likes eating beef hamburgers for breakfast. For dinner, he likes fish. Paul likes red. He has two red hats. Look! They are on my bed.
But Paul is lost now. Please help me. My telephone number is 312-3216. My E-mail address is _ . Thanks.
The question is: Paul is   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:Bob's brother
B:a dog
C:Bob's classmate
D:a catThere are seven continents in the world. Among them, Antarctica is the most special one. It is a world of snow and ice all year round. China has sent many scientists there. They try to find resources under the icy land and study climate change and sea biology.
What do they eat?
Scientists don't have many choices on what they eat. About 60% their food is frozen food. It is easy to heat . Meat is common on the menu, while vegetables are not usual. Fresh vegetables are hard to grow in the cold weather. Therefore, people often eat dried and canned vegetables.
How do they sleep?
In Antarctica, summer lasts from November to March. During this time, Antarctica faces the sun and gets sunlight 24 hours of the day. In order to get some sleep,scientists cover the window with black cloth to make "night".
How do they work?
People can wear warm clothes to be against the cold weather, but they can do little with the strong wind. Sometimes, the wind is even stronger than a typhoon. It can easily blow people away.
So there are ropes that connect some research stations. People can hold these ropes to keep balance in strong winds.
How do they keep in touch with others?
There are no cables or Internet on the frozen continent. So mobiles and computers don't work there. Scientists usually use two-way radios to communicate at work. If they want to say hello to family and friends, they can use the satellite phones.
The question is: What do they do when the day lasts for 24 hours?
The possible answers are:
A:They work all day long.
B:They find a way to make "night".
C:They stop working on those days.
D:They go down the ice to work.Blue Ocean Aquarium  is a great place for families to take a holiday. Children love to see the sea animals and watch films about sharks in it.
Last Saturday morning, Mr Jackson took his wife and two little sons to the aquarium. At the ticket office, he asked, "How much shall I pay  to get in?" The woman at the ticket office answered, "The price is 20 dollars for each adult or any kid  older than five. We let kids in free  if they are five or younger. How old are your kids?" Mr Jackson said, "The older one is six and the younger one is three.  I think I must buy three tickets. " The woman was surprised. She said, "Sir, don't you want to save  20 dollars? If you tell me your older son is five, I won't know the difference. " Mr Jackson said with a smile, "Yes, that sounds right, but my kids will know the difference. "
From Mr Jackson' s story, we know _ is very important in the modern society . We should tell the truth  to the people around us, especially  to the kids.
The question is: What can we learn from the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:Mr Jackson was very rich.
B:Mr Jackson wanted to save s ome money.
C:Mr Jackson paid for his two son's tickets at last.
D:Mr Jackson thought honesty was more important than money.My 6-year-old granddaughter Caitlin and I stopped at a shop for a chocolate cake. As we were going out of the door, a young teenage boy was coming in. The boy had no hair on the sides of his head and some blue hair on top. He held a skateboard under one arm and a basketball under the other.
Caitlin, who was walking in front of me, stopped when she saw the teen. I thought she'd be scared of him. I was WRONG. She backed up against the door and opened it as wide as it would go. I walked to the other side and let the boy pass. He said: "Thank you very much."
On our way to the car, I talked with Caitlin about holding open the door for the boy. I wanted to make sure whether she was troubled by his appearance. But the only thing Caitlin noticed about the teen was the fact that his arms were full. "He would have had a hard time to open the door."
I saw the shaved   head and the blue hair. She saw a person carrying something under each arm and walking toward a closed door.
In the future, I hope to get on her level and raise my sights.
The question is: From the article we can learn that Caitlin was  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:shy
B:warm-hearted
C:thankful
D:BraveMorgan is very happy these days. She is in Grade 7 at L.B Clarke Middle School, the USA. She gives her journals   to the teacher. She writes them in the summer holiday. She says, "I read many books to finish them."
In the summer holiday, most schools in the USA ask students to read. But L.B.Clarke starts a program   this year.
Students write their journals three times a week. The journals are about books they read or their everyday life. _ says a teacher in the school, "Our program also asks them to read, but in a different way."
Caroline, another student, finishes six journals. She writes about her favourite books and family trips.
"The program helps me learn new things," she says, "and if I forget something, I can look in my journals."
The question is: How often do the students write journals?
The possible answers are:
A:Twice a week.
B:Twice a month.
C:Three times a week
D:Three times a month.Hello, I'm Linda. This is Jen. She's my mum. She's 38 years old. She's wearing a red coat, a pair of red shoes and a pair of blue pants. She often wears a big hat, too. She is a teacher. And the students in her school like her very much. She likes singing  . But she doesn't like   playing sports. On Sundays, she goes shopping with me.
,.
The question is: Jen likes  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:painting
B:reading
C:writing
D:singingIf you go to Hong Kong by air, you will arrive at Kai Tak Airport. Because there was no enough land, it was built out into the sea. It is in the part of Hong Kong called Kowloon. Kowloon is one of the two big cities in Hong Kong.
The other city is Hong Kong itself. It is on an island. You can get there by ship or through a tunnel under the sea. Much of Hong Kong is farmland and mountains.
The population of Hong Kong is over 6 million. Most of them are Chinese. Chinese and English are spoken by many people there.
Clothes, computers, radios and TVs are made in Hong Kong. You can watch dog-racing or motor-racing. Some places are quiet and beautiful. When you are hot and tired, there are small and cool gardens to rest in. There are also a lot of tall buildings to live in. Hong Kong is also a good place for Chinese cooking. You can enjoy many kinds of Chinese cooking, for example, fish, meat and vegetables. Beijing Roast Duck is famous as well. There is certainly a lot to see and to do in Hong Kong.
In 1997, Hong Kong was returned to China. It's a part of China.
The question is: Most people in Hong Kong speak   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:neither Chinese nor English
B:Chinese as their second language
C:English only
D:Chinese and EnglishComputers are useful machines. They can help people a lot in their daily life. For example, they can help people to save much time to do more work, and they can help people to work out many problems they can't do easily. Our country asks everyone to learn to use computers before the twenty-first century, except the old people.
Today more and more families own computers. Parents buy computers for their children. They hope computers can help them improve their studies in school. However, many of their children use computers to play games, to watch videos or to sing. The teachers and parents complain that computers can not help children to study but make them fall behind. So computers are locked in boxes by parents.
In some other countries, even some scientists also hate computers. They say computers let millions of people lose their jobs or bring them a lot of trouble. Will computers really bring trouble to people or can they bring people happiness?
It will be decided by today's students themselves!
The question is: What do many teachers and parents complain about? They complain that   _   .
The possible answers are:
A:their students and children use computers to study.
B:computers let them lose their jobs
C:computers make their students and children fall behind
D:computers bring people a lot of troubleThe White family come to a new big city  , but Mrs. White's son, Bob, is not happy. He doesn't have anyone to play with. "Don't worry!" says his mother. "You will soon make friends here."
One morning, there is a knock at the door. Bob's mother, Mrs. White, opens it. There stands a woman with brown hair. It is Mrs. Miller. She comes to borrow two eggs. She wants to make cakes. Mrs. White gives her two.
In the afternoon there is another knock at the door. Mrs. White opens it and she sees a boy standing there. "My name is Jack Miller," he says. "My mother gives you this cake and two eggs."
"Well, thank you , Jack," says Mrs. White. "Come in and meet my son Bob."
Look! Bob and Jack are having cake and milk. They are playing football. Now they are friends!
Jack says, "I'm glad you live next door." Bob says, "I must thank your mother for coming to borrow eggs." Jack laughs  and tells Bob, "My mother doesn't want the two eggs, but she wants to make friends with your mother. " Bob says, "That's a funny way to make friends. It's an easy way, too. It can work!
The question is: The best title of this passage is   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:Way to Borrow Eggs
B:Way to Make Cakes
C:Way to Make Friends
D:How to Make CakesMatt's hobby was collecting stamps. He had stamps from many countries, like America, Egypt and China. On his birthday, can you guess what people gave him? That's right----stamps.
Matt's favorite stamps came from France. He had almost every stamp from 1954 to 2003 except one. That was a 1974 special edition  . It was very hard to find.
He looked for it everywhere. He asked his friends and relatives to help him. But nobody could find the stamp. It made Matt very sad.
"Don't worry," his father said to him. "You'll find it one day."
"I hope so," Matt said.
"Be patient  ,"his father said. "Don't give up."
Besides collecting stamps, Matt liked writing. He had a pen friend in France. They wrote to each other every month. Matt's pen friend, Philip, gave him a big, green stamp. It looked old. When Matt received the letter, he was very surprised. On the envelope, he looked closely at the stamp. It was the 1974 special edition stamp. Matt was so happy! He told his sister, his mother and his father.
"You see," his father said, "You did find your stamp. So, you see, it's good to have two things in life."
"What are they?" Matt asked.
"Friends and patience  ." he answered.
The question is: Matt loved the stamps from   _  best.
The possible answers are:
A:America
B:Egypt
C:France
D:ChinaDear friends,
My name is Tony. I am English. I am twelve years old this year. I am tall, and I am good at playing football. I am in Grade Seven. There are thirty boys and twenty girls in my class. We are learning Chinese in our school. Our Chinese teacher is Mr. Wu. He is a little short, but he is very strong. He is very nice to us. I have some good friends in my class. Tom is a tall boy with short black hair. He is good at playing football, too. Alice is short and she loves wearing red dresses. She is good at English. Mary has long hair. She can speak Japanese and she likes swimming. We all study hard.
What about your school and your friends? Please write soon.
Yours,
Tony
The question is: How many students are there in Tony's class?
The possible answers are:
A:20.
B:30.
C:52.
D:50.Have you ever wondered?
1. Why do airplanes take longer to fly west than east?
It can take five hours to go west-east from New York (NY) to London but seven hours to travel east-west from   London to NY. The reason for the difference is an atmospheric phenomenon known as the jet   stream. The jet stream is a very high altitude wind which always blows from the west to the east across the Atlantic. The planes moving at a constant air speed thus go faster in the west-east direction when they are moving with the wind than in the opposite direction.
2. What would happen if the gravity on Earth was suddenly turned off?
Supposing we could magically turn off gravity. Would buildings and other structures   float away? What happened would depend on how strongly the things were attached to the Earth. The Earth is moving at quite a speed, moving at over a thousand miles per hour. If you turn something around your head on a string  , it goes around in a circle until you let go of the string. Then it flies off in a straight line. 'Switching off' gravity would be like letting go of the string. Things not attached to the Earth would fly off in a straight line. People in buildings would suddenly _ upwards at a great speed until they hit the ceiling. Most things outside would fly off into space.
The question is: It can be inferred that without gravity   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:buildings and other structures would float away
B:trees and buildings would not so easily fly off
C:something around your head would not float away
D:everything outside buildings would fly off into spaceLondon is a very large city with about 7 million people. How do so many people move on their way to work or school?
In London you can travel around the city by subway, bus, taxi or private  car. The subway runs under the city. It goes to all parts of the city. Traveling by subway is the fastest way to get around the city.
The second way to travel about the city is by bus. It is a slower way to travel. This is because the road traffic is always heavy.
You can also travel around the city by taxi. This is very expensive, but the taxi will take you to the every place you wish to go to. If traffic is heavy, the taxi will be slow. During the mornings and afternoons, there is the _ 
The last way to get around London is using your own car. It is inconvenient  if you are driving in the "rush hour". If there is an accident on the road, you will have to wait for a long time.
The best time to travel around the city is from 9 am to 4 pm. This is the time after the morning "rush hour" and before the evening "rush hour". Traffic will be less heavy during this time.
The question is: What's the best title for this passage?
The possible answers are:
A:The cheapest way to travel around London .
B:Life in London
C:Rush hour in London
D:Transport in LondonOctober 21st,2011
Dear Vincent,
I'm a middle school student in Zhejiang , China. My English teacher , Ms.Li gave me your name and address. I want to be your pen friend.
English is my favourite subject.That's why I want to practise English with an American student. I also like art. It's so interesting and useful.I like history, too. Our history teacher always tells us a lot of interesting historical stories. We all have a good time in history classes.
In my free time, I enjoy playing computer games . It's exciting and fun. Do you like it ? I also like to go to the movies. I saw Harry Potter and the DeathlyHallows:Part 1 yesterday. It was a great film.But I don't like sports, so I never enjoy P.E.classes.
How about you? What subjects do you like? What do you look like? What do you want to do when you get older? I hope I can get your letter soon!
Yours,
Zhao Gang
The question is: What subject doesn't Zhao Gang like?
The possible answers are:
A:P.E.
B:English
C:History
D:ArtCome to Austria
Soll is a village in the mountains in western Austria. And the Post Hotel is clean and not expensive. It is opened by a local family. From the hotel you can see the whole village, the forests and the mountains. Temperatures in summer are usually 20degC to 25degC in the daytime, but much cooler by evening.
Enjoy Thailand
When you visit Bangkok in Thailand, don't miss the early morning river boat trip to the Floating  Market outside the city. There you will find many kinds of fruits and vegetables. And you can pay for them when you sit in your boat. Don't forget your hat: the sun can be strong and it may be as hot as 40degC at noon.
Visit Hawaii!
Maybe the most beautiful place in  Hawaii is Kauai. You can visit its long, sandy beaches in the south and west of the island, and mountains and forests in the north, but don't be surprised if it rains in the centre of the island. Daytime temperatures there are usually around 24degC to 26degC by the sea, and only a little cooler by late evening.
The question is: If you want to visit both mountains and beaches, you'd better choose   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:Soll in Austria
B:Bangkok in Thailand
C:the Floating market
D:Kauai in HawaiiDear Sir,
Thirty years ago, I walked into your bakery  and asked for some loaves of bread to sell. At that time I was twelve years old. A young lady was working that day. She gave me five loaves and wished me good luck.
I took the loaves and went out to sell them. It took me all day, but I sold them all. At the end of the day, I had some money. I was the happiest boy in the world as I walked home that evening.
The next day, I went to a bicycle shop. I paid a deposit on a new bicycle. And then I started my next job--as a newspaper deliver boy. Soon I could pay the rest of the money for the bicycle and the bike was mine. I was so proud!
Today, I still work in the delivery business. I have a lot of trucks to send goods all over the country. I live in a beautiful house, but I don't ride a bicycle these days. I drive a large and nice car.
I do not know who that young lady was. But because she gave me the start, I have become a successful man. I'd like to show my thanks to her.
Yours,
George Jenkins
The question is: What did the man do with the money made by selling bread?
The possible answers are:
A:He went home to give it to his parents.
B:He bought some newspapers to read.
C:He paid the money as a deposit on a new bicycle.
D:He bought some more bread.The earth is 4 600 million years old. We humans have lived on earth for only 35 000 years, but during this period we have changed our planet a lot in many ways. Some things we've done are very good for the earth while some are bad.
All over the world, people have cut down millions of trees. When it rains or when the wind blows, the earth is taken away. Forests have become deserts, so more and more sorts of animals and plants are disappearing.
In big cities, cars and buses have polluted the air. Many people in cities now have health problems.
Factories have also polluted the land and the water. As a result, many rivers and lakes are now dead.
Around the earth, there's a special kind of oxygen called "ozone"(O3). It is important to the earth. But now air pollution is destroying it and that has made a very big hole in the ozone layer. Too much harmful radiation from the sun passes through the hole and reaches the earth directly. This is very dangerous because this kind of radiation can cause cancer.
Carbon dioxide (CO2) in the air has increased a lot. It mainly comes from burning oil, coal and wood. This has formed a "blanket" around the earth. The heat from the sun can't escape so the temperature is rising. This is called "the greenhouse effect". It causes the level of the oceans to rise and the climate of the earth to change.
All these problems are very serious, so we must do something now.
,A, B, C, D.
The question is: What does our planet mean here?
The possible answers are:
A:The sun.
B:Mars.
C:The moon.
D:The earth.There is a special kind of hotel in Quebec, Canada. It has a bar, a church, a shop and a small theater. These things are not unusual. But this hotel is only open from January till March every year. Why? Because it is made of ice and snow! When the weather gets warm, the hotel melts  and closes. Every winter, the hotel owners build the hotel again.
Everything in the Ice Hotel is made of ice and snow. All the furniture, such as the tables and chairs, is made of ice. Even the beds are made of ice! So people use special sleeping bags on the ice beds. Inside the ice hotel, the temperature is about 27degF(-3degC)
When people sleep, the sleeping bags keep them warm. In the morning, they can have a hot breakfast. After breakfast, people can enjoy winter activities. They can go skiing or ice fishing. Or they can go skating in the dining room. At the end of the day, people can relax at the bar. They can have drinks in glasses made of ice.
Many people enjoy the Ice Hotel every year. But they can only enjoy it for a short time before it melts again.
The question is: Every year, this hotel is only open for  _
The possible answers are:
A:four weeks
B:about three months
C:two seasons
D:about a yearOnceupon a time, some visitors went to an island for a vacation, and each was having a good time. Suddenly a warning of a strong storm came to them, so all rushed to their boats. Yet, Love did not wish to run away quickly. There was so much to do. But as the clouds got darker, Love realized it was time to leave. But there was no boat to go into. Love looked around with hope.
Just then Richness was passing by in a great large boat. Love shouted, "Richness, can you take me with you? Richness answered, "No, I can't. There is a lot of gold in my boat. There is no place here for you. "
Love decided to ask Vanity  for help who was also passing by in a beautiful boat. But Vanity said with a cold voice, "No, I can't take you with me. My boat will get dirty with your wet feet. "
Sadness passed by after some time. Again, Love asked for help. But it was useless. "No, I can't take you with me. I am so sad. I want to be alone. "
When Happiness passed by a few minutes later, Love again called for help. But Happiness was so happy that he didn't hear Love calling to him.
Love was becoming restless and hopeless. Just then somebody called out, "Come, Love! I will take you with me. " Love did not know who was so kind, but jumped into the boat happily.
After getting off the boat, Love met Knowledge. Love asked, "Knowledge, do you know who was so kind to give me a lift when no one else wished to help?" [:Zxxk.Com]
Knowledge smiled, "Oh, that was Time. "
"Time?" asked Love. "But why did Time help me?" Knowledge smiled with deep wisdom and answered, "Because only Time is capable of understanding how great Love is. "
The question is: Other visitors passed by in their boats one by one. Which is the right order according to the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:Richness- Vanity- Sadness- Happiness- Time
B:Richness- Happiness- Sadness- Vanity- Time
C:Time- Richness- Vanity- Sadness- Happiness
D:Richness- Happiness- Vanity - Sadness- TimeJimmy was 2 years old. One day his mom was out and his dad took care of him. Someone gave Jimmy a little tea set   as a gift and it was one of his favorite toys.
Dad was in the living room watching the evening news. Then Jimmy brought his dad a little cup of "tea". In fact, it was just water. After some cups of tea, his dad said to him, "Jimmy, you are a nice good boy. I love you." Later, Jimmy's mom came home. His dad made her wait in the living room to watch Jimmy bring him a cup of tea. "It's the cutest thing," he said to his wife. Mom waited. Jimmy came down the hall with a cup of tea for his dad. She watched him drink it up and laughed. Then she said: "Did you know that the only place he is tall enough to get water from is the toilet ?"
The question is: Why did Jimmy's mom laugh at last?   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:Because Jimmy brought his dad a cup of tea
B:Because Jimmy brought his dad a cup of water
C:Because Jimmy brough her a cup of tea, too
D:Because in fact Jimmy's dad drank some cups of water from the toiletThe Internet is full of false information. It is important for us all to avoid being fooled by such information. Here are three examples of Internet hoaxes.
On his website, a man by the name of Tony has asked for gifts of money to save the life of a pretty little rabbit named Toby that he rescued from under his house. A cat must have attacked the rabbit, the man claimed, so he took it in. he gave Toby loving care and nursed him back to health. There is a very cruel point, however. If the greedy man doesn't receive enough money, he will eat poor little Toby. (Don't worry, though.
Remember, it's just a hoax!.
While the streets of New Orleans, the USA, were still flooded after a terrible hurricane (., a frightening e-mail was sent around the Internet. It included a photograph of a large crocodile over five meters long. According to the message, it had been swimming around the flooded city eating people. It was later discovered that the photographs of the crocodile were of one that was caught in the Congo (. years before.
The following e-mail hoax takes in many people. It claims that a large British company will pay you to send their e-mail to as many people as possible. For every person that you send the e-mail to, it promises you will receive $5.00; for every person that you send it to that sends it to someone else, you'll get $3.00; and for every third person that receives it, you will be paid $1.00.
To make it even more believable, the sender says that at first he thought it was a hoax, but the company soon sent him $800.00.
The question is: The crocodile in the photograph actually lived in  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:NewOrleans
B:theUSA
C:Britain
D:the CongoMy 10-year-old Donna said, "Mom, I made a new friend at school today. Can she come over tomorrow?" Donna was a shy girl and I wanted her to make some friends _ .
"Sure, honey, that sounds great." I said, thinking back to my own best friend, Lillian. We lived across the street from each other in Washington Heights, New York. We met at the age of 10, too. Like my daughter, I was shy, but Lillian drew me out. She was one of the friendliest people in school, with shiny black hair and a mile-wide smile.
In senior high school, Lillian went on a trip to Florida. This was the first time we had to be away from each other for a few days. "I'll be back soon." she told me. But three days later, Lillian's sister told me that she had fallen into a river and hadn't come out any more. Soon, my family moved to New Jersey. Whenever I thought of her, tears came into my eyes.
The next day Donna brought her new friend home. "Hi, Mrs. Loggia." the little girl said. Her hair was so shiny and black and she shot me a big smile. "My name is Laura."
My daughter's new friend was so much like Lillian. I was still puzzled   when Laura's mom came to pick her up later that afternoon. I opened the door to let her in. "Judy!" she cried. "It's me, Lillian's sister, from Washington Heights." Yes, my daughter's friend looked familiar  . She was Lillian's niece.
The question is: The writer lost her best friend because   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:she moved to New Jersey
B:they were different from each other
C:her best friend moved to Florida
D:her best friend lost her life on a tripJeans have become one piece of clothing worn by the most people in the world. Everybody wears them, from the farmer to the lawyer and from models to housewives. But why have jeans become so popular?You'll get many answers. For some people they look cool, for others jeans are just comfortable.
Jeans were first stronger trousers made for farm workers in the states of the American west. In the eastern part of the US jeans were hardly worn at all. They were connected with farm people and the workers. So the rich wouldn't like to wear them.
It was James Dean and Marlon Brando that made them popular in movies and everyone started to wear them. They were a symbol of the _ of young people during the 1950s and 1960s. So these new trousers were not allowed in American schools and sometimes in theatres and cinemas. As time went on,jeans became more acceptable. American people in Europe and Japan often wore them when they were not on duty to show that they were Americans. The trousers showed the world a happier way of life, something that people needed, especially after what they had gone through in World War II.
Jeans had other advantages as well. They didn't need to be washed as often as other trousers and women didn't need to iron them. This became more important as more and more women started working and had less time for housework.
Today jeans are an important part of our lives. They are always washed a few times before they are sold to give them a faded look.
The question is: Jeans first appeared   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:in eastern America
B:in western America
C:in Middle America
D:all over AmericaCarol and Susan are very good friends. They are in the same class at school and they often go to each other's home on Sunday. Now they are both eight yeas old. Carol's mother has got a new baby. Carol is very glad to have a little sister, so she is always talking about her to Susan.
At first Susan is very interested   in the new baby because she does not have any brothers or sisters. But after some time she begins to get tired of   Carol's keeping on talking about it. She also feels a little jealous   of her friend.
One morning when the two girls meet at the school gate, Carol says to Susan cheerfully  , "Do you know, Susan, my baby sister has put on about half a pound in weight   this week?"
"That is not very much," answers Carol. "I know a baby that puts on ten pounds a day."
"Oh, that can't be true!" answers Carol. "Whose baby is it?"
"An elephant's," says Susan.
The question is: Susan is   _   to hear Carol talk about the baby's weight one morning.
The possible answers are:
A:sorry
B:cheerful
C:happy
D:not happyIt's a goal for millions and millions of families every year to keep the Christmas spending within a certain amount of money, but you can still afford the gifts because your loved ones will
enjoy them. This concern   is becoming greater and greater theses days. Even so, there are several things that you can do to help.
Hit the sales. No one wants to get up at four o'clock in the morning and fight to get a good deal   on Black Friday (the first Friday at Christmas time). It's surely very difficult to pick up the courage and get out there in the cold for a good deal. But sometimes it can be well worth. Many retailers   offer _ all through the day. Some even offer online Black Friday specials, so we may still be able to get a great deal on Black Friday.
Read advertisements regularly.Once the Christmas shopping season is coming, retailers will be hungry for business. They will try their best to get us into the store. Please read the weekly advertisements of sales among the major retailers from time to time. We may be lucky enough to find different prices for the same thing in different shops.
Shop online. Some of us don't like running from store to store to get the best price on the perfect gift. Some of us don't like to go out in the cold at all, and then, we can do online shopping. The world of online shopping makes it possible for us to visit all the major retailers and some specialty stores  on the Internet. We can find exactly what we are looking for at the best possible price without even having to leave the house. With traditional Christmas shopping, it will always take us a long time to wait if we want to get the perfect gift.
The question is: We can have more choices to get a good deal  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:on the Internet
B:in specialty stores
C:from salesmen
D:from retailersAn old farmer spent all his life on his farm in the country in the southeast of England. One day he decided to visit the big city. Everything was new and strange to him, because he had never traveled to the city before.
The old farmer visited a lot of interesting places in the city.
He rushed into a large tall building and saw a lift. When he was watching, an old woman got into the lift and closed the door. After a while, the door opened again and a very perfect young girl came out.
The old farmer was very surprised, "What a funny little room!" He said to himself, "It's magic. It can change an old woman into a young girl. The next time I come here, I'm going to bring my wife to take the lift. "
The question is: The old farmer lived   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:near the city
B:in the city
C:in the southeast of England
D:in a large tall buildingScientists have written a report on the future of trade and industry. They talk about the role robots will play in industry.
What is a robot?Basically ,it is a machine which is designed to do the work of a human being. It is usually controlled by a computer. Once it has been given a set of things to do,it will do the job on its own.
Nowadays,Britain has 120 robots at work in industry. This compares  badly with other industrial countries. In Japan,there are 4,000 robots in use. In the USA there are 2,000 and in Germany there are 500. According to the report,the government must help people understand how robot technology can be used. Also,people must be educated to know how important this new technology is. The designing of new robots will be very important in the future. The report says that special robot centres should be set up where people who design robots and people who will use them work together. The assembly  work of the future will be complex . So firms  must develop robots to do it.
The question is: The report was written by  _  scientists.
The possible answers are:
A:English
B:American
C:German
D:JapaneseShould teenagers help their parents do chores? Is it important for us to learn how to do chores?
I have a classmate called Li Ting. She is the only child in her family. Her parents love her so much that they don't let her do any chores. On weekdays she gets up, has meals, goes to school, has lessons, she only plays with her friends. So she doesn't know how to do chores. One day, her father was badly ill and was in hospital. Her mother had to take care of her father in the hospital and couldn't cook meals for her for a week. Li Ting didn't know how to cook meals. She had a lot of trouble cooking meals and often felt hungry. She only had instant noodles for her meals.
From the story, we know it's very important for us to learn to do chores.
The question is: Which of the following is NOT true?
The possible answers are:
A:Li Ting's grandmother looked after her when her father was in hospital.
B:Li Ting couldn't do any chores.
C:Li Ting's parents love her very much.
D:Li Ting was often hungry when her father was in hospital.John liked to wear his hair very long. Some of his friends thought it looked like a girl's hair, but they never made jokes about it, because John was a big strong man and he didn't think jokes about his hair funny.
John always went to the barber's twice a month to have his hair cut and washed, and one day the barber said to him. "Now why don't you let me cut most of this hair off and make your head tidy? Nobody will recognize you if I do that. I'm sure."
John said nothing for a few seconds and then he said, "perhaps you are right, but I am sure that nobody will recognize you, either, if you do that to my hair."
The question is: . The barber advised John  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:to have his hair cut short
B:to cut off all of his hair
C:to be cut off his long hair
D:not to be recognized by his friendsIsland University has a competition for middle school students.
Read about the competition on their website.
School Competition
Students! Here is your chance to help the physically disabled. Think out a robot or a machine to help them live better. There'll be three prizes. The winning schools each will get $ 15,000. Read the information below:
What do you have to do?
* Try to know problems faced by the physically disabled in Hong Kong. Write a 200-word article on the difficulties these people have to suffer each day.
* Try to know modern inventions that help the physically disabled. Then think out a robot or a machine that will improve the lives of the physically disabled. Draw your invention. You can make as many drawings as you like to show your invention. You can even make a small model of your invention
* Write a short description of your invention
Who-can join? All middle school students in Hong Kong. So, come on! Join the competition, and get the chance!
The question is: Who can take part in the competition?
The possible answers are:
A:The disabled.
B:Middle school students.
C:Middle school teachers.
D:All the readers.Jim is a little boy. He stays with his grandma. He likes sweets and cakes. He always eats some food with sweets before he goes to bed. And as soon as he gets up in the morning, he can find some cakes on the table in his bedroom.
One morning, before Jim got up, his grandma took some cakes to his bedroom. She saw Jim crying in bed.
"What's the matter, dear?" his grandma asked in a hurry.
"I've a bad toothache," said Jim.
So his grandma had to take him to the dentist's. The dentist pulled out the bad tooth for him at last.
Two days later Jim felt better and was at school again. Mrs. Hunt asked, "What was the matter with you those days, Jim?"
"I had a bad toothache, madam," answered Jim.
"Oh, I'm sorry to hear that," said Mrs. Hunt. "Is it better now?"
"I don't know, madam. I left it with the dentist."
The question is: Jim likes  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:vegetables
B:fruits
C:sweets and cakes
D:sweets and hamburgersTwo little children come to a big city. Their names are Mike and Bob. They live with their father and mother. Their family is very rich. They have a driver and lots of servants. Mike and Bob are going to a new school. Their father says to them, "Mike and Bob, don't say we are rich at school."
So they go to school. Their teacher says, "Hi, boys and girls. Today we write a composition about your family. " So all the children write something about their families. This is Mike's composition.
"My name is Mike. My family is poor. My father and my mother are poor. Our driver is very poor and all the servants are very poor. "
, .
The question is: They have   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:a driver
B:some servants
C:two sisters
D:Both A and BOnce upon a time, there were two doors in a house. One was a beautiful living room door, and the other was just a normal bathroom door.
There were some naughty children in the house, and they always kicked  the door. The living room door was always very angry about it and hated the children. The bathroom door didn't care too much when the children kicked him. Instead, he tried to comfort the living room door. He said, "Don't worry. It's normal. They're children, and they'll grow up soon. Before long, things will be better."
One day, the living door finally lost his temper . A child kicked him, and he broke at once. The owner of the house got very angry and told the children to be careful next time. This made the living door happy. However, the owner didn't repair him; he threw him into a landfill  instead. At the same time, the bathroom door took the place of the living room door. And the children treated him with greater care.
The living room door realized his mistake. He shouldn't treat young children like that. He should learn to forgive  others. The happiness from revenge  will never last for long.
The question is: Why was the living door angry?
The possible answers are:
A:Because the owner didn't like him at all
B:Because the children didn't like to play with him.
C:Because the naughty children always kicked him.
D:Because he was not as beautiful as the bathroom door.Oxford is a city in the UK. It's in the west of the UK and it's famous for the University of Oxford. It's an old university -- about 900 years old. It has a longer history than Cambridge University. It's the oldest university in the English speaking world.
There are about 20,000 students and they are from all over the world. Many students go to school by bike. There are 38 colleges in the University of Oxford, but Cambridge University has only 31 colleges. There are 104 libraries in the University of Oxford. Bodleian Library is the second largest library in the UK. Stephen Hawking was a student of the University of Oxford. He's a great scientist. Clinton , the 42nd American
was also a student of the University.
The question is: Many students go to school by    _   .
The possible answers are:
A:car
B:train
C:bike
D:planeOne day an Australian farmer,Joe,saw a bright light in the sky. The light came nearer and nearer and suddenly Joe realized that it was a spaceship. The spaceship landed in a field nearby.
The door of the spaceship opened and two strange beings climbed out. They seemed to be half man and half bird. Joe was afraid of them. He tried to run away. But the spacemen walked towards him,picked him up and carried him into the spaceship.They put wires from a machine onto his head  and they they began to speak to him in English.
They asked him questions about earth."We' re from Venus ,"they said,"But it is getting very hot there. A lot of our people are dying and we have not much time left. We are trying to find a new home."
After some time they freed Joe and at last the spaceship took off and disappeared. Joe told his friends about the spacemen,but no one believed his story.
"You wi ll believe me one day,"Joe told them."The spacemen will come back again."
,.
The question is: What did the strange beings want Joe to do?
The possible answers are:
A:Put wires from a machine onto his head
B:Speak to them in English
C:Answer some questions about the earth
D:Find a new homeParis is a very nice city. Mrs. Curie often goes to Paris and she has a good time there. Mrs. Curie is old and very
, so she sometimes can't find her way.
Now she sees a man near a bus stop. "I can ask him the way," she says.
"Excuse me," she says in French. "But can you tell me the way to Notre Dame de Paris , please?"
But the man doesn't know French. He is Australian! Then he puts his hand into his coat and takes out a small book. He opens it and finds a phrase . He reads, "I'm sorry. I don't speak French."
The question is: What language does the man speak when he answers Mrs. Curie?
The possible answers are:
A:French.
B:English.
C:Russian.
D:Chinese.Look at this photo of my family. There are six people in my family. This woman is my mother. She is nice and looks so young.She is a policewoman . She works in a police station . She is a hero  in my heart . That man in the black coat is my father. He is a scientist . He works in an institute . He is very busy. Look at this lovely  boy. It is my little brother. My grandma looks after him. She is a nurse. My grandpa is that man in the brown coat. My father looks like him. He is a teacher. Can you see me? I'm behind my brother. I have a happy family.
The question is: My grandpa wears  a   _  coat.
The possible answers are:
A:brown
B:black
C:red
D:greenMost American families like to have a vacation in summer. Summer is a good season for vacation. It is often hot in July and August.
Children do not go to school in those two months. Some people like to stay at home, read books, or watch TV. Many families take their lunch to eat at a place with many trees or a nice lake.
Some people have enough time and money to travel to other countries like France, Japan and Australia. They usually fly to these countries. Many families travel by car or train to see interesting places in their own countries. Their favorite cities are New York, Chicago, Miami, San Francisco and Los Angeles.
Not everyone likes to go to busy cities. Some families travel to mountains or beautiful valleys.
,A, B, C, D,. (5,1,5)
The question is: Many families like to have their lunch  _  during their vacation.
The possible answers are:
A:in the office
B:near a cinema
C:near a big factory
D:near a nice lakeDo you like children? Do you have free  time in the afternoon?  We need a babysitter  for our son. He's five years old. The working time is Monday to Friday, 3:00 pm to 6:pm. ( $ 5 an hour)
We need help with: Looking after our son; Reading to him; Playing with him.
You must work at our house. We live in Changchun, near the Culture Square . Please call Mr. Green at 5638--2949.
.
The question is: The babysitter must work   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:at the babysitter's house
B:at Miss Green's school.
C:at Mr. Green's house.
D:at the Culture SquareFire can help people in many ways. But it can also be very harmful. Fire can make water hot and house warm, give light and cook food. But fire can burn   things, too. It can make trees, houses, animals and other things catch fire  . If some people can't run away from fire, it can kill them. This happens in every country every year.
Sometimes big fire can burn forests. A month ago, a large forest fire broke out in Yunnan Province. It lasted nearly half a month. The forest in Heilongjiang Province and the grassland in Inner Mongolia caught fire in May, 2006. After more than ten days' fight, over 30,000 people and soldiers put out   the fire at last.
Nobody knows clearly when people began to make fire, but there are many interesting stories about the first time a man or a woman started a fire. One story from Australia tells about a man who went to the sun and brought fire down a long time ago. Today people know how to make a fire with matches  . Children sometimes like to play with them. But matches can be very dangerous. The match can burn a piece of paper and then it can burn a house. A small fire can become a big fire, and destroy many things. Fire kills many people every year. So you must be careful with fire.
,.
The question is: The main idea of the passage is that    _   .
The possible answers are:
A:fire is dangerous and harmful
B:forest fire can be easily put out
C:who started a fire the first time
D:every month there is a forest fire in Yunnan ProvinceLive Music----Late Night Jazz  
Enjoy real American jazz from Herbie Davis, the famous trumpet player. He is known   to play well in the early hours. So don't want to get much sleep.
PLACE: The Jazz Club                  DATES: 15-23, June
PRICE: Y=200-250                     TIME: 10 p.m. till late
TEL: 4668736
Scottish Dancing
Scottish dancing is nice and easy to learn. The wonderful dance from England will be given.
PLACE: Jack Stein's                    DATES: 10-20, May
PRICE: Y=180                         TIME: 7--10 p.m.
TEL: 4021877
Shows -Anhui Museum
There are 12,000 pieces on shows here. You can see the whole Chinese history.
PLACE: Anhui Museum                DATES: 1Mar--30 Jun
PRICE: Y=60 (Y=30 for students)    TEL: 4888688
TIME: Monday-Friday 9 a.m. -5 p.m. Weekends 9 a.m.--9 p.m.
The question is: You have 150 yuan, and you can  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:listen to jazz
B:watch Scottish dancing
C:go to Anhui Museum
D:go to the Jazz ClubEverybody is afraid of something. More than 2500 children told us what they were afraid of. Some don't like the darkness. Some hate bad dreams and scary movies . And some of them want to run away from dogs and snakes.
Tom, 11, is afraid of the darkness because he worries that someone might
his house.
10-year-old Kathy said he was afraid of thunderstorms  and the sound at night.
The worst thing about the afraid feeling is that we don't know how to deal with it. Here are three ways to help children feel better.
1. Do something interesting in your free time.
2. Talk to your parents about your feeling.
3. Talk to a close friend.
,. (5)
The question is: When you feel afraid,    _
The possible answers are:
A:You'd better go outside
B:You should go to bed early
C:You should talk to a close friend
D:You shouldn't listen to musicNow machines  are widely used all over the world. Why are machines so important and necessary  for us? Because they can help us to do things better and faster.
A washing machine helps us to wash clothes fast. A printing machine helps us to print a lot of books, newspapers, magazines and many other things fast. Bikes, cars, trains and planes are all machines. They help us to travel faster than on foot.
The computer is a wonderful machine. It was invented not long ago. It not only stores  information   but also stores numbers millions of times as fast as a scientist does.
Let's study hard and try to use all kinds of machines to build China into a modern country.
The question is: A printing machine can help us  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:print a lot of books
B:read more books
C:invent many machines
D:wash clothes fastI have a big family. In my family,there are 6 people--my father,my mother,my two sisters,my brother and me. My mother is Linda. My father is Mike. And our family name is Hand. My sisters are Gina and Sonia. They like baseball very much. My brother,David,is a lovely boy. He likes computer games. My name is Bob. I
my family.
The question is: My brother likes    _    .
The possible answers are:
A:baseball
B:computer game
C:pictures
D:basketballJohn likes chocolates very much, but his mother doesn't give him. They are bad for his teeth, she thinks. But John has a very nice grandfather. The old man loves his grandson very much. And sometimes he buys John some chocolates. Then his mother lets him eat them, because she wants to make the old man happy.
On Sunday evening, it is John's seventh birthday. He says, "Please, God , make them give me a big box of chocolates for my birthday,"His mother says, " God can't hear you. Don't shout ."               " I know, "says the clever boy with a smile . " But my grandfather is in the next room, and he can!"
The question is: What day is John's seventh birthday?
The possible answers are:
A:Saturday
B:Friday
C:Tuesday
D:SundayMany years ago, there lived an old man with his three sons, Dharma, Harrison and Keith, in a village. The man worked hard when he was young, son he had the largest farmyard and the most beautiful house in the village. However, his sons were all born to be lazy, which mad him disappointed. He was worried that his sons would use up his money and starve to death.
One day, the old man came up with a plan. He called his sons and said to them, "Look, my dear sons: in the land we have at the farmyard, there is lots of hidden gold. If you should work together, you may find it"
In a wish to find out the gold, his sons worked hard from the morning to the evening digging and digging all through the land. The days had passed, but they didn't find what were they were looking for. They got frustrated and angry. They decided to give up and returned to ask their father.
"There is no gold in the land. We are cheated."
"Since the land has been dup soft. Why don't you pant some crops there?" was the reply of the father to the sons.
Off went the sons. Soon the whole once-useless land was rich crops.
"This if the real gold, my sons." Said the now proud father.
The question is: Why did the old man ask his sons to dig the land?
The possible answers are:
A:He was too old to do it himself.
B:He didn't have money to pay workers.
C:He decided to teach his sons an Important lesson.
D:He didn't want other people to set foot on his land.In my country, daily  meals usually start with breakfast. People usually have something to drink for breakfast, like tea with sugar and lemon, cold or warm milk or Coke. Many people have some bread, egg, hamburgers and so on. We must always remember that breakfast must be healthy and light.
The noon is lunchtime, many people take their meals to schools or their workplaces, but some people like going to a restaurant or having fast food in McDonald's. I think that these meals are not healthy. We can have some rice with some vegetables or meat. More healthy fish and poultry  slowly _ beef and pork. It's healthy to drink one glass of water, juice or tea after each meal.
At six or seven in the evening, it's time for dinner. At this time, family members usually get together. We often have warm dishes. Sometimes we go out to restaurants.
The question is: Where can we read this passage?
The possible answers are:
A:In a magazine.
B:In a dictionary.
C:In an album.
D:In a storybook.Mr.Brown got up late this morning. He was going to be late for work. Lt was raining hard and the streets were wet. He drove so fast that he didin't see the red lights. He couldn't stop his car and hit a car. An old man got out of the car and called out angrily, "What are you doing? How can you drive so fast?"
"l'm sorry,sir," said Mr.brown, "l didn't see the lights turn red." Then he brought out a bottle of wine and gave it to the old man.
"It's cold today, sir," said Mr.Brown. "Please drink a little, and then you'll get warm."
The old man drank some wine and became happy. He asked, "l'm felling much better now. Why don't you drink any?"
"l can't drink anything now ,sir, "answered Mr. Brown ,"l'm waiting for the policeman. Only drunkards cause accidents, you kown !"
The question is: When did the story happen?
The possible answers are:
A:In the morning
B:In the afternoon
C:In the evening
D:At nightAmerican people like to say "Thank you" when others help them or say something kind to them. People of many countries do so, too. It is a very good habit .
You should say "Thank you" when someone passes you the salt on the table, when someone walking ahead of you keeps the door open for you, when someone says you have done your work well, or you have bought a nice thing, or your city is very beautiful. "Thank you" is used not only between friends, but also between parents and children, brothers and sisters.
"Excuse me" is another short sentence they use. When you hear someone say so behind you, you know that somebody wants to walk past you without touching you. It's not polite to break others when they are talking. If you want to speak to one of them, say "Excuse me" first, and then begin talking. You should also do so when you begin to cough or make any noise before others.
Let's learn to say "Thank you" and "Excuse me".
:
The question is: This passage mainly tells us the way   _   .
The possible answers are:
A:to be happy
B:to be polite
C:to help others
D:to learn from AmericansWe recycle  rubbish, so why not language? Recycling language means using vocabulary that you have learnt before again and again. However, unlike rubbish that piles up in our environment, if we do not recycle language, we simply forget it. So how do you recycle language?
There are basically three ways to do it. The first is through reading. Go back to your favourite articles and read them once more. Just reread them and do not worry about each vocabulary item. If there are some that you are not sure about, make a guess and you will probably guess right. The second way to recycle is through writing. Look at some of your favourite articles and write either a short paragraph or a few sentences in your own words. After you have done this a few times, go back and read through what you have written, checking vocabulary functions. Don't worry if you have made mistakes. That's how you learn. The third way to recycle language is by having an imaginary chat with yourself about your favourite articles at home. You can pretend there is someone with you who speaks English and tell him what you are thinking about or how you feel.
The question is: Which of the following is NOT mentioned in recycling language?
The possible answers are:
A:Reading.
B:Listening.
C:Writing.
D:Speaking.Many Americans go to work five days a week. American students go to school five days a week, too, so they usually  have a two-day weekend. The weekend is Saturday and Sunday. At the weekend people spend their time in many different ways. Sometimes they go shopping. Sometimes they go for a drive. Sometimes they visit friends. Many families enjoy weekends together.
Many American families do some sports at the weekend. For example  , in summer, they enjoy swimming and biking. In autumn, they prefer   playing volleyball and tennis. In winter, they go skating and skiing . In spring, they like sightseeing and hiking . How happy they are! Do you have an enjoyable weekend?
The question is: How do Americans spend their weekends?
The possible answers are:
A:In the same way.
B:In two ways.
C:In three ways.
D:In many different ways.The school day begins at 8:45.Class teachers meet the class and check who is present and absent at the beginning of the day. We meet as a whole school once a week on Fridays. The head teacher makes a speech to the whole school. Morning lessons begin at 9:05.There are three one-hour lessons with a fifteen-minute break.The lunch break is from 1 p.m. to 1:45p.m..Afternoon lessons begin at 1:50p.m. and the school day finishes at 4 p.m.
All students study and take exams in maths, science and English. In addition, they choose one subject from history, geography, Art, Design and Technology, French and Spanish... All students take PHSE(Personal Health and Safety Education) lessons but no exams are offered.
After school sports practice and matches are arranged  on Wednesday afternoon and Saturday morning. Chess, music, language and theatre clubs also arrange meetings after school. Students may join as many clubs as they like, but should join at least one.
The school has a good record in sports. Last year we were champions in football and tennis, and individual students won prizes for swimming and gymnastics.
The question is: The school students   _  once a week on Fridays.
The possible answers are:
A:meet class teachers
B:review their lessons
C:listen to a speech
D:take some exerciseLast month the manager of a jewelry shop   received a letter. As he was very busy then, the letter lay on his desk till tea-time. He opened it and a 10-pound note  fell out onto the desk. Within the note was a letter which said:
Dear sir:
In 1935 I got engaged . But unfortunately I lost my job. At the time a lot of people were out of work. Six months later I got a job again, but of course I was very short of money. I came to your shop to buy a wedding ring . The assistant took out some rings for me to look at, but she was called away for a moment, and I put one of the rings in my pocket. When she came back, I said I didn't know the size of my girl's finger. So I left the shop without buying a ring. My wife died a short while ago and the fact that I never paid for the ring has been heavy in my heart all these years. At that time, the ring cost 2 pounds so I think it is 10 pounds at today's price and I'm sending 10 pounds.
Yours truly,
A customer
The question is: What happened in 1935?
The possible answers are:
A:The jewelry shop lost some rings.
B:The customer married a girl.
C:The customer stole a ring for his wife.
D:The customer stole a ring for his girl friend.Jack London was a famous American writer. He was born on January 12, 1876, in San Francisco, California. His family was very poor, and Jack had to leave school to make money.He worked hard in many different jobs.
Later, Jack returned to school, but he didn't stay. He wrote," Life and pocketbook  were both too short. "
In 1897, he went to Alaska to find gold. Instead, he found ideas there for his books and stories. He returned home and started to write. His writings were successful, and he became rich and famous in his twenties.
Jack London was not a happy man, however. In poor health, he took his own life  in 1916. He was only 40 years old.
The question is: Which of the following sentences is not true?
The possible answers are:
A:Jack didn't find gold in Alaska, instead he found ideas for writing.
B:Jack didn't like to go to school.
C:Jack died in 1916.
D:Jack had a little education when he was young.Bruno was a boy of eight. His father worked in a cinema and his mother worked in a shop. He lived not far from his school. He always walked there and walked home. On his way to school he had to pass a playground. It was very wet after it rained. One day, when he got home, his clothes were all wet. His mother became angry and said, "Don't play in the water on your way home from school!" On the next day Bruno came home with wet and dirty clothes. His mother became even angrier. "I 'll tell your father if you come back wet again." said his mother. "He will punish you, you know."
The third day the little boy was dry when he came home.
"You 're a good boy today." His mother said happily. "You didn't play in the water."
"No, "the boy said unhappily. "There were too many older boys in the water when i got there this afternoon. There wasn't any room for me at all."
The question is: The playground was between   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:two classrooms
B:the cinema and shop
C:Bruno's house and school
D:the shop and Bruno'sSome people believe that classes, teachers and school buildings will no longer be necessary in the near future because of the Internet and other new technology. Perhaps this will be true one day, but if the world has no schools, I can't imagine how our society will be. In fact, we should learn how to use new technology to make schools better. We should invent a new kind of school connected to libraries, museums, science centers, labs and even companies. Technological companies should create learning programs for schools. Scientists could give talks through the Internet. TV networks and local stations could develop programs about things students are studying in school. Labs could set up websites to show new technology, so students could see it on the Internet.
Is this a dream? No. There have been many cities where this is beginning to happen. Here the whole city is connected to the Internet, and learning can take place at home, at school, and in the office. Businesses provide programs for the schools and the society. The schools provide computer labs for people without their own computers at home. Because everyone can go on the Internet, older people use it as much as younger ones, and everyone can visit faraway libraries and museums as easily as nearby ones. How will this new thing of school change the usual way of learning? It is a little early to be sure, but it is very exciting to think about it. Technology will change the way we learn; schools will change as well; and we will learn something from the Internet.
The question is: Who thinks that students won't have to go to school?
The possible answers are:
A:Everyone.
B:The writer.
C:Some people.
D:The teachers.The trouble started when Mrs. Cady lost control of her car on a mountain road. The car fell down thirty feet from the road into the water. It rolled  over once and landed right side up in the rushing water. All three people, Mrs. Cady, and her two daughters, were wearing their seatbelts. Luckily, nobody was hurt; however, they couldn't leave the car.
The rescue  started almost at once. Another driver told the police about the trouble. The police called rescue workers and a truck to pull the car out. The driver of the truck, Paul, arrived first. Immediatedly   he took a rope from his truck and began to walk through the rushing water to the car. Then he got caught in the ropes. He went under the water. Mrs. Cady saw him and pulled as hard as she could and brought him to the car door.
Next the other rescue workers arrived. They put on special suits to keep warm. They brought safety ropes, life jackets, and warm blankets . First they pulled the people out of the back window onto the top of the car. Then they swam with each person to the shore . They saved Paul, Mrs. Cady, and the little girls.
The question is: How many people were in danger?
The possible answers are:
A:One
B:Two
C:Three
D:FourChinese food in Britain has over 100 years of history. Since then, they've been springing up around the country. Today, Chinese food is one of the top choices for hungry Englishmen.
But since coming to China, I've found some differences. Much of the Chinese food in Britain is influenced by western tastes. For example, dishes are not hot and had fewer kinds. It's difficult to find the hot food of Yunnan food in Britain. The most popular Chinese dishes in Britain are chou mein, egg-fried rice and spring rolls. Also, meat dishes are always sweet and sour.
The Chinese food in Britain not only gives a different taste. In most Chinese restaurants, food is served as a buffet . And once you sit down in a Chinese restaurant, don't hope to rotate  the dishes around a big round table to share. This kind of table in English is called a Lazy Susan because it's convenient to move dishes around. But in Britain they are very uncommon.
At the end of the meal, don't forget your lucky cookie! In most Chinese restaurants, you'll be given a cake that you break a half. Inside is a small piece of paper with your lucky words written on it. Although you can hardly find lucky cakes in China, no Chinese meal in Britain is complete without reading these letters of good luck.
The question is: What's the title of the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:Chinese Lucky Cakes
B:Chinese Food in Britain
C:English Food from China
D:a Lazy SusanThere are many colours in nature. But do you know that a colour has weight? I think you'll say "no". But I am afraid you are wrong. If you don't believe, you may do a small experiment .
First, put two objects with the same weight into two boxes. Then cover the boxes. Wrap  one box with a red piece of paper, the other with a white piece of paper. Now hold the boxes with your hand one by one. It is certain that you will think the red one is a little heavier.
Why does it happen? A scientist found that different colours have different weight in a man's mind. So he did many tests and at last he got the result. That is to say, every colour has its own weight in our mind. The heaviest colour is red, then blue, green, orange, yellow and white. The scientists told us that colours also have smell. Can you smell the colour? Of course not. Then why did the scientists say so? That is because every colour represents a kind of light wave ------ a certain wavelength . It reaches our brain  through organs 
According to this discovery, scientists say that people accept the colour they like, and _ the colour they hate. So your body and mind will be healthy by using the colours you like. Or you'll be nervous or even get ill. If you stay in a room with red windows, wallpapers and furniture  for two hours, you'll feel you have been there for four hours. But if the room is blue, you'll feel you have been there for only one hour. Another example, if a person walks out of a red room and into a blue room, his temperature will fall. That means our body temperature will change when we see different colours.
The question is: According to the passage, how long will you feel if you stay in a red room for an hour?
The possible answers are:
A:Two hours.
B:Fours hours
C:Six hours
D:Eight hours.Every year there is the Spring Festival in China. Usually it is in January or February. It's the most important festival in   China. So before it comes, everyone has to prepare things. They buy beef, pork, chicken, fruit and many other things. And they often make a special kind of food called "dumplings". It means "come together" in Chinese. On the day before the festival, parents buy new clothes for their children and children also buy presents for their parents. On the festival eve, all the family members come back to their home. This is a happy moment. They sing, dance and play cards. When they enjoy the meal, they give each other the best wishes for the coming year.
They all have a good time.
,. (5)
The question is: The Chinese usually have their Spring Festival in  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:January or February
B:February or March
C:September or October
D:December or January"How are you?" is a nice question. It's a friendly way that people in the USA greet each other. But "How are you" is also a very unusual question. It's a question that often doesn't need an answer. The person who asks "How are you?" hopes to hear the answer " Fine", even if the person's friend isn't fine. The reason is that "How are you?" isn't really a question and "Fine" isn't really an answer. They are simply other ways of saying "Hello" or "Hi".
Sometimes, people also don't say exactly what they mean. For example, when someone asks "Do you agree?" the other person might think, "No, I disagree. I think you're wrong..." But it isn't very polite to disagree so strongly, so the other person might say "I'm not sure." It's a nicer way to say that you don't agree with someone.
People also don't say exactly what they are thinking when they finish talking with other people. For example, may talks over the phone finish when one person says "I've to go now." Often, the person who wants to hang up gives an excuse "Someone's at the door." "Something is burning on the stove." The excuses might be real, or not. _ The excuse is more polite, and it doesn't hurt the other person.
Whether they are greeting each other, talking about an idea, or finishing a talk, people don't say exactly that they are thinking. It's an important way that people try to be nice to each other, and it's part of the rule of the game of language.
The question is: When a person disagree with someone, it is polite to say "  _  ".
The possible answers are:
A:You are wrong. I disagree
B:I'm not sure
C:I'm sure I disagree
D:No, I disagreeDo you know how to study better? Let me give you some advice about studying. First, don't put off   studying. Many students do that. Then they have to cram   the night before the exam. In fact you need good study habits and study a little every day. This way, you will prepare   better for the exams. Second, plan _ into your study time. For example, if you read 20 pages of the book, you can play one computer game. But only one. Third, stay in a quiet place and turn off your mobile phone. Then you can put your heart into your study. Last, believe it or not, sleeping is part of studying. It can help you learn better. Try to sleep more than eight hours a night. Take the advice, and you will study better.
The question is: What is a good study habit?
The possible answers are:
A:Not putting off studying.
B:Cramming the night before the exam.
C:Studying hard in your free time.
D:Not preparing for the exams.Monkeys are clever and lively, but they are naughty and greedy   as well. Whenver they find delicious food, they will eat enough.  What's more, they will take it when they leave. They have suffered   a lot because of this. But they never change this way.
In India, people use monkey's greed to catch them. Do you know how they can catch monkeys? Here are some instructions.
*              Make a hole in a big pumpkin  . The hole must be just right     ----neither too big nor too small.
*              Put some jujubes   in the hole.
*              Leave the pumpkin under a tree. Make sure there are some monkeys in   the tree.
*              Hide yourself and watch the monkeys.
As soon you leave, the monkeys can't wait to come down to the pumpkin. When they find a hole in the pumpkin, they don't know what's in it and one of them can't help putting its hand into the hole to find what on earth there is. When it touches the jujubes, it will clench   some of them in its hand. As a result, it isn't able to take its fist   out of the hole. You can't come close until this time. Will the monkey drop off the pumpkin? Don't worry. It prefers the pumpkin than its life. It will run with the pumpkin, clenching its fist more tightly. In the end, it is caught helplessly.
The question is: Seeing the hole in the pumpkin, a monkey will  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:be interested in
B:be afraid of
C:run away at once
D:take the pumpkin away in armsOne day Mrs.Jones goes shopping.When her husband comes home in the evening,she begins to tell him about a beautiful cotton dress."I see it in a shop this morning,"she says.
"And--and you want to buy it."says her husband,"How much does it cost?"
"Forty pounds."
"Forty pounds for a cotton dress?  That's too much!"
But every evening,when  Mr.Jones comes back from work,his wife continues to say only about the dress,and at last, after a week,he says"Oh,buy the dress.Here's the money!"She is happy.
But the next evening,when Mr.Jones comes home and asks,"Do you buy the famous dress?--'No,"she says.
"Why not?"he asks.
"Well,"Mrs.Jones says,"it is still in the window of the shop after a week,I think nobody else wants this dress,so I don't want it,either."
The question is: Her husband doesn't give her the money right away because
The possible answers are:
A:he doesn't love her at all
B:he doesn't have any money
C:he thinks the dress is too expensive
D:he wants a better oneMy Family Is Very Poor
A little boy comes to a new city. His name is Peter. Of course ,he lives with his mother and father. His family is very rich . They have a driver  and a lot of servants .
Peter is going to a new school. On the first day his parents say to him," peter,be modest at your new school. Don't say we are rich. "And Peter says," Yes,Dad,mom. "
So Peter goes to school. He sees his new teacher. And he sits down with the other children. The teacher says. "Good morning,children. The first exercise today is a composition . The topic  of the composition is 'My Family'."So every child writes a composition. This is Peter's composition:
"My name is Peter. My family is very poor . Both my father and my mother are very poor. Our driver is very poor and all the servants are poor..."
,.
The question is: The teacher asks the children to write  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:a letter
B:a composition
C:a book
D:a storyLast weekend three students went to London, and they visited many places. Did they enjoy the trip?Let's listen to them.
"It was a fine day. I went to London with my friends Emily and James. We visited many places. The guide was very kind and funny. I really had a great time in London!"David said.
"The train was so fast. It only took us half an hour. I read many books about London. When I saw it with my eyes today, I felt so excited!I took many photos. And I also bought some gifts for my sister. "Emily said.
"We went to the science museum. All kinds of model robots are my favourites. I learned a lot about robots. The food in London was kind of expensive, but very delicious. All in all, it was a great trip." James said.
The question is: What did Emily do during the trip?
The possible answers are:
A:Took many photos.
B:Visited the Eiffel Tower.
C:Went boating.
D:Read a book.My name is Lin Hui. I like to tell stories about people who work together. What is even better is when countries help each other and build a good friendship. An excellent example of this happened when Britain and China worked together to bring the Milu deer back to China.
Milu deer, a kind of animal with large horns , used to be common in China long ago. Like other deer they lived together and ate grass and the soft parts of trees. Milu deer were often killed for food or sport. The Ming and Qing dynasties  did not protect them and many were killed. That is how the Milu deer disappeared from China.
Luckily before all of them were killed, some were taken to Britain to improve the environment of the beautiful park which belonged to the Duke of Bedford. He liked them so much that he took them from China to Britain. Milu deer liked the cool, wet weather in England and their number increased year by year. As a result, when in 1985 the government of China wanted to bring back the Milu deer, the Duke of Bedford was able to help. The first deer came back to China to the Nanhaizi Milu Park 20 kilometers south of Beijing and the centre in Dafeng, Jiangsu province.
The deer certainly seem happy to be back in China because their number has grown quickly. There are now so many of them that a new park has been opened for them in Hubei Province. At the moment the Milu deer live in centres where they are being well protected and cared for. It is hoped that one day there will be enough animals to let them live in the wild again.
294words
The question is: After some of the Milu deer were taken to Britain,_.
The possible answers are:
A:people used them to carry things
B:the Duke of Beford sold them all
C:they didn't like the weather there
D:their number became larger and largerGrygori Pilikian spent his 114th birthday the other day and some reporters visited him to find out the secret of a long life.
"The secret of a long life is happiness," Grygori said. "If you are happy, you will live a long time."
"Are you married?" a reporter asked. "Yes," Grygori answered. "I married my third wife when I was 102. If you are happily married, you will live better. But for  my third wife, I would have died years ago."
"What about smoking and drinking?" another reporter asked. "Yes, they are important," Grygori said. "Don't smoke at all and you will feel well. Drink two glasses of wine a day and you will be healthy and happy."
The question is: The writer wants to tell us  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:drinking much is good for our health
B:drinking a little is helpful
C:smoking and drinking are the most important to our health
D:both smoking and drinking are bad for our healthMaybe you often have arguments with your parens about clothes , homework,friends and many other things. But what's going on when your parents fight with each other? Most teenagers feel sad or afraid when their parents fight. They might think their parents don't love each other any more and that their arguments will lead to a divorce .
In fact, it is normal for parents to disagree and argue sometimes. They might disagree about important things like jobs and family decisions. They might even disagree about little things that don't seem important at all---like what's for dinner. Maybe sometimes parents feel so strongly about their differences that it may lead to arguments. However, these arguments are often over quickly. Parents may say sorry and _ ,and the family returns to normal.
As a family member, you should find out what it really means when your parents fight. When your parents get angry with each other, they might say things they don't really mean.Most people may lose their cool, so if your parents are fighting, don't worry too much about it. Try to find a good way to solve it .
If your parents' fighting really bothers you, you might find it hard to sleep or go to school. If this happens, try talking to your parents about their behavior. They may not even realize it until you tell them how their arguments has affected you. You can also tell other relatives, a teacher or a close friend.
Just remember that no family is perfect and arguments are common in every family.
The question is: What should we do when our parents' fighting bothers us?
The possible answers are:
A:Talk to them about our feelings.
B:Say something we don't really mean.
C:Keep silent and do everything as usual.
D:Shout at them to let them know we are angry.Wade is my good friend. We study at the same school. At weekends he usually turns on his computer. He sends and gets e-mails to and from his friends back in France. He also gets on the Internet to learn about what is going on in the world. His parents sometimes take him to some places of interest in China. Sometimes I ask him to come over to my home for a weekend. My parents say that they can't understand what we talk about because there are two languages in our talks--Chinese and English. My mother sometimes says to him,"Can you talk to my son in Chinese only,Wade?" He always smiles and answers, "Not today. I'm going to speak good Chinese very soon." He is not good at Chinese and I am weak at English. But we like these talks because we can learn when we are talking.
The question is: The text is mainly about    _
The possible answers are:
A:Wade's Chinese friends
B:Wade's school life in China
C:Wade's after-school time
D:Wade's weekend in China.One day, a poor boy was trying to sell things from door to door to pay for school. He was hungry. Then he decided to ask for a meal at the next house. However, when a nice young woman opened the door, he changed to ask for a drink of water. She thought he looked hungry and brought him a large glass of milk. He drank it slowly and then asked, "How much do I pay?" "You needn't do that," she said. "Mother has taught me to be kind."
Years later, the young woman became seriously ill. She was sent to a big city. When Dr.Howard Kelly, a very famous doctor now, heard the name of the town she came from, a strange light filled his eyes. At once, he got up and went down through the hospital hall into her room. He recognized her at once and decided to do his best to save her life. He did it and they won at last!
Before she left, the bill   was sent to her. She was quite afraid to open it. Finally, she looked, and to her surprise, she found these words on the bill: "Paid with a glass of milk.Dr. Howard Kelly."
Tears of joy came down from her eyes as she said silently, "Thank you, God. Your love has passed through hearts and hands."
,,. (5,2,10)
The question is: Why did the boy want to sell things ?
The possible answers are:
A:He wanted to pay for school.
B:He was hungry.
C:He wanted to make money.
D:His mother made him do it..This is a heart-warming story. It tells about a woman who finally decided to ask her boss for a raise in salary . All day she felt nervous. Late in the afternoon she summoned  the courage to approach her boss. To her delight, the boss agreed to a raise. She was so delighted.
The woman arrived home happily that evening. To her surprise, she found a beautiful table set with their best dishes. Candles were softly glowing. Her husband had come home early and prepared a festive meal. She wondered if someone from the office had told him about it, or... did he just got the news by accident.
She found him in the kitchen and told him the good news. They hugged and kissed, then sat down to the wonderful meal. Next to her plate the woman found a beautifully card with some words. It read, "Congratulations, darling! I knew you'd get the raise! These things will tell you how much I love you."
Following the supper, her husband went into the kitchen to clean up. She noticed that a second card had fallen from his pocket. She picked it up from the floor, she read, "Don't worry about not getting the raise! You are the best anyway! These things will tell you how much I love you."
According to the Nobel Peace Prize, Mother Teresa said, "What can you do to promote   world peace? Go home and love your family."
,,. (1,5)
The question is: Why did the woman feel nervous?
The possible answers are:
A:She knew her husband would give her a big surprise.
B:She wanted to ask her boss for a raise in salary.
C:She knew her boss would refuse.
D:She knew her boss would agree.Malls are popular places for Americans to go. Some people spend so much time at malls that they are called "mall rats ". Mall rats shop until they drop in the hundreds of stores.
People like malls for many reasons. They feel safe because malls have police stations. Parking is usually free, and the weather inside is always fine. The newest malls have beautiful rest places with waterfalls and large green trees.
The largest mall in the United States is the Mall of America in Minnesota. It covers 4. 2 million square feet . It has 350 stores, eight nightclubs, and a large park! There are parking spaces for 12,750 cars. About 750,000 people shop there every week.
The first indoor mall in the United States was built in 1965 in Edina Minnesota. People love doing all their shopping in one place. More malls are built around the country. Now malls are like town centers where people come to do many things. They shop, of course, they also eat in food courts that have food from all over the world. They see films at theaters. Some people even get their exercise by doing the new sport of "mall walking". Others go to malls to meet friends.
In some malls, people can see a doctor and even go to the church. In other words, people can do just about everything in malls. Now people can live in their favorite shopping center in fact.
The question is: The largest mall in the United States  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:was built in 1965
B:has 12,750 cars in it
C:has 350 shops in it
D:can hold 750,000 peopleWe all know about this famous Kitty. She has no mouth,and she wasn't born out of a TV show or a video game. So how did this cute character become popular? How did she change the world?
Hello Kitty was created   in Japan in 1974.Sanrio,a company in Japan,was working for a new character to put on their new purse. The first picture of Hello Kitty was introduced on November 1.She was so cute that it became popular soon in Japan and all over the world.
Hello Kitty is only a character,but she has a story of her own. Her full name is Kitty White,and she's even not a Japanese. She lives in the countryside outside London with her family--George White,Mary White and her twin sister Mimmy. Hello Kitty wears a red bow    on her left ear while Mimmy wears a yellow bow on her right ear.
Kitty loves goldfish and baking cookies,but her favourite thing is to eat her mum's apple pie! She also loves stars and candies too.She is in the 3rd grade and she weighs as much as three apples but is five apples tall.She even had a blood (.) type,which is A.
Hello Kitty's appearance hasn't changed much,though she turned 40 on November 1,2014.
The question is: What is the best title   for this passage?
The possible answers are:
A:The history of Hello Kitty
B:What made Hello Kitty popular
C:The family of Hello Kitty
D:Hello Kitty's birthdayDo you get enough sleep? With so much homework, it's often difficult to get the rest you need. But you need to try, because sleep keeps you healthy and it stops you getting fat.
Recently, a group of US scientists did a study of kids aged between 8 and 13. The studt found that if kids sleep for just one extra hour each day, the chance of their getting fat is cut by about 30%.
Why? When people don't get enough sleep, they become tired. When they are tired, they don't exercise enough. Also, kids like snacks. If they are awake an extra hour or two each day, they have more time to eat snacks or other unhealthy foods.
So, how much sleep should you get? Scientists suggest 10 to 11 hours a night for kids aged 5 to 12. For older kids, eight to nine hours will do.
The question is: Where was the study done by the scientists?
The possible answers are:
A:In China.
B:In Britain.
C:In Canada.
D:In America.The world itself is becoming much smaller by using modern traffic and modern communication means . Life today is much easier than it was hundreds of years ago, but it has brought new problems. One of the biggest is pollution. To pollute means to make things dirty. Pollution comes in many ways. We see it, smell it, drink it and even hear it.
Man has been polluting the earth. The more people, the more pollution. Many years ago, the problem was not so serious because there were not so many people. When the land was used up or the river was dirty in a place, men moved to another place. But this is no longer true. Man is now slowly polluting the whole world.
Air pollution is still the most serious. It's bad to all living things in the world, but it is not only one kind of pollution. Water pollution kills fish and pollutes drinking water. Noise pollution makes us become angry more easily.
Many countries are making rules to fight against pollution. They stop the people from burning coal in houses and factories in the city, and from blowing dirty smoke into the air.
The pollution of SO2 is now the most dangerous problem of air pollution. It is mostly caused by heavy traffic. It is certain that if there are fewer people driving, there will be less air pollution.
The earth is our home. We must take care of it. That means keeping the land, water and air clean. And we must try to control the growth of population at the same time.
The question is: What is the most dangerous problem of air pollution?
The possible answers are:
A:CO2
B:H2O
C:SO2
D:COIn Xinjiang, most people knew the stories of Avanti. Avanti was a very clever man. People liked him because he not only spoke for the poor but also was always ready to help them.
One day Avanti walked on the street and saw two men arguing with each other. A lot of people stood around them. One of the two men was the owner of the eating house in the town and the other was a young man. The young man just passed by the eating house. The owner of the eating house told the young man to pay him money. The young man explained that he hadn't taken anything from the eating house. But the owner said that the young man had taken the smell of the nice food from the eating house, and he must pay for it. So Avanti went up to the owner and said, " I'll pay you the money." Avanti took out some coins  from his pocket and put them into his bags. He shook his bag, and people heard the sound of the coins. Then Avanti said to the owner, " Take away the sound of the coins. That's what I pay for the smell of your food."
The question is: One day Avanti saw two men   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:arguing about the eating house
B:arguing about the payment
C:eating in the eating house
D:laughing at the people around themThis is a room in Kate's house. There is a big bed, a table, a computer and some chairs in it. There's a glass and some books on the table. There is a picture on the wall. Kate is in the room. She is looking at the picture. Her father and mother are in the school. They work hard.
The question is: Who is at home?
The possible answers are:
A:Kate's father.
B:Kate's mother.
C:Kate s brother.
D:Kate.It was a sunny afternoon. I played with my daughter in a park. While I was pushing my daughter's swing to go higher and higher, I saw a little girl over there. The little girl tried to get her swing going higher, but she couldn't do that.
Then I walked to that little girl and offered to help her. I said to her, "Could I give your swing a push? "She smiled and said, "Yes, Madam. "Then I pushed her swing to go higher. She laughed happily.
One year later, I was very tired after a long day's work. But I had to drive to pick up my daughter from the school. When I stood outside the school gate and waited, I suddenly felt two arms wrapping(, )around me. I looked down and found a little girl. I realized that she was the girl I met last year. She smiled up at me and then she gave me another _ . To my surprise, I didn't feel tired any more. What's more, I felt much happier.
The question is: What's the best title for this passage?
The possible answers are:
A:Two Swings
B:A Warm Hug
C:Smile and Love
D:Kindness Brings HappinessDogs have long been regarded as a loyal  friend of humans. They are not only a good companion to their owners, but also a security guard in some way. However, in fact, dogs do more things than just that. Recently, a British middle school has invited a dog to the classroom. Why? For fun? For security? Or for experiments?
Flossie, a ten-month-old poodle, says "No" to all the above guesses. He is there to help increase students' reading confidence. It is a little hard to believe, but it's real.
Vice-headmaster Sue Frost is responsible for training and taking care of the dog. She said, "Flossie has a great _ on students.They are willing to read for him. This is really a good way for students to learn more new words and make new progress."
Flossie is quite popular among students. Jacob Wicks, an 11-year-old schoolboy, entered the school last November. He said, "I think Flossie is a lovely dog. He always listens to me quietly when I am reading. There is no need for me to worry about negative comments if I don't read well." Another student named Jordan Leatherhead said that he liked reading Guinness world Records for Flossie, and that Flossie like listening to him because there are many records about dogs and other animals in the book.
Wow! This is really an interesting teaching method. Why not have a try if you have a pet dog at home?
,.
The question is: What can Flossie do?
The possible answers are:
A:He can read books for the students.
B:He can go to school with the students.
C:He can take care of the students.
D:He can raise the students' reading confidence.Spending two or three hours playing outdoors each day can reduce a child's chance of becoming short-sighted, a research shows. It challenges   the belief that short-sightedness is caused by computer use, watching TV or reading in weak light.
The Australian government researchers believe that sunlight is good for people's eyes. They compared the vision  and habits of 100 seven-year-old children in Singapore and Australia. In all, 30% of the Singaporean children were short-sighted--this rate  was ten times higher than Australian children.
Both groups spent a similar amount of time reading, watching television and playing computer games. However, the Australian children spent an average  of two hours a day outdoors--90 minutes more than the Singaporean children.
Professor  Ian Morgan, from the Australian Research Council's Vision Centre, said, "Humans are naturally long-sighted, but when people begin to go to school and spend little or no time outdoors, the number of short-sighted people gets larger. We're also seeing more and more short-sighted children in cities all around the world--and the main reason may be that city children spend less time outdoors."
Daylight can be hundreds of times brighter than indoor light. But why does playing outside prevent us from becoming short-sighted? Scientists believe that natural light has a special chemical  which stops the eyeball from growing out of shape and prevents people becoming short-sighted.
So be outdoors. It doesn't matter if that time is spent having a picnic or playing sports.
The question is: Which of the following is true according to the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:People will all become short-sighted after they begin to go to school.
B:Playing outdoors for 2 or 3 hours every day can help protect your eyesight.
C:Children in Australia are more likely to get short-sighted than those in Singapore.
D:If you spend two or three hours playing outside each day, you won't get short-sighted.A bus stops at a small bus stop. A man is hungry and he wants to buy some cakes. It's raining  hard, he doesn't want to go out in the rain. He sees a boy. "Come here, boy!" he cries. "Do you know how much the cakes are?" The boy says yes. The man gives the boy four dollars  and asks him to buy two cakes. "One is for you and one is for me." Three minutes later, the boy comes back. He's eating a cake. He gives the man two dollars and says: "Sorry, there is only one cake left."
The question is: Where is the man?
The possible answers are:
A:He's near the bus.
B:He is at home.
C:He's in the bus.
D:He is in the car.The Guinness  World Records Museum address:329 Alamo Plaza, San Antonio, TX 78205
Open Hours:
From September to May :10 am to 7 pm Sunday through Thursday
10 am to 10 pm Friday and Saturday
From June to August: 10 am to 10 pm Sunday through Thursday
10 am to Midnight Friday and Saturday
Adult single: $ 14.95 for 2 attractions, $18.95 for any 4 attractions, $22.95 for all attractions
Child(4~12)Single: $8.95 for 2 attractions ,$11.95 for any 4 attraction, $14.95 for all attractions
In the museum you can enter the different exhibition halls you see below. In each of these halls you can see the world records of different kinds . Sometimes you may get a chance to do something so that you can know better how a record was set.
The question is: A 10 -year-old girl and her mother will visit two attractions. How much will they pay ?
The possible answers are:
A:$14.95.
B:$17.90.
C:$23.90.
D:$29.90.Antifreeze is a liquid  that is added to water to keep it from freezing. When water freezes and turns to ice,it expands .The force of water expanding is so great that it will break the hardest metal.Water is used in car engines  to keep them cool while they run,and if this water is allowed to freeze in winter it can break the iron block of the engine.That is why antifreeze is necessary.
Water freezes at 0degC;the usual kind of antifreeze will not freeze until the temperature is-40degC.A mixture  of five parts of water and four parts of antifreeze will prevent freezing at-18degC;four parts of water and five parts of antifreeze reduce this to -22degC.
Alcohol is a kind of good antifreeze,but when the air is running it becomes hot and the alcohol boils away,so it must be changed very often.Most people use antifreeze that does not boil away when the engine is running.There are several chemicals that do this.One of the most popular is called ethylene glycol.
The question is: The usual kind of antifreeze freezes at   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:0degC
B:-18degC
C:-22degC
D:-40degCThere are more and more fast food chains all over the world now. Most of these places work on a similar principle .There is a long counter ,above which hangs a list(often with pictures)of the items they sell,and behind which several people (often students working for the lowest pay) are working. Buyers form queues in front of each assistant. You receive what you order and take it on a tray to a table. If you can't see any knives and forks, this means you should eat with your hands. If you can't see any straws  ,that's because they are hiding in the straw machine and you have to press the button to get a straw. When you have finished, you yourself throw away everything except the tray. It seems that you should do almost everything while you are having food in this kind of restaurant.
Many fast food places have drive-in facilities You place your order from your car through a microphone and then drive to a special window to pay and pick it up. You may even find places where a waitress brings your meal out, and you sit and eat it in the car from a tray hooked over the door through the open window. What do you think about this king of food-serving? Everything happens in seconds as well as your lunch or supper. You have no time to enjoy your meal because you are eating fast food.
The question is: You can find these things in these restaurant EXCEPT
The possible answers are:
A:a long counter
B:a list of the items they sell
C:some students in front of the counter
D:a straw machineOne day in April, a special activity called"Food Street"was held on the playground at Railway No. 1 Middle School in Xi'an.
This activity was part of the English Art Festival in the school. The students in each class were divided  into some groups. Each group sold different kinds of foods. The students did the shopping and the cooking all by themselves. The students cooked delicious food such as fried chicken, potato chips and vegetables. They all worked hard and sold the food at low prices. The customers  were all the students, teachers and parents. They were all pleased with the nice food.
"It's really hard work," said one of the students who took part in the activity. "We must make a plan before the cooking. We must know how much we should spend on the things we need. Also, we must learn how to serve customers well."
"This activity is to give a chance to students to develop  their practical abilities ," said one teacher, "What's more, the students will not only learn how to make money by their own hands, but also know the meaning of life. "
The question is: Before the activity, the students   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:had to be customers
B:made a plan about the cooking
C:asked their parents to do the shopping
D:had to serve the customers wellPeople began making clocks over 500 years ago. The first clocks had only one hand---the hour hand. At a later time the clocks had the minute hand. The first clocks were big and heavy. Some rich people had servants   to carry the clocks when they were out. Time passed and clocks became smaller.
Bells became a part of some large clocks in cities and towns. They were for people unable to see the clock. Some clocks were in large towers . Some of them are 400 or 500 years old now. Big Ben in London is a very famous tower clock.
Now many people have alarm clocks   to wake them up to go to work or go to school.
So clocks are the very important part of people's life.
The question is: People began to make clocks   _   500 years ago.
The possible answers are:
A:less than
B:for
C:more than
D:withoutFrom my father I have learned a lot. And I'm very thankful to him. I remember when I was a child my father always got up very early, quietly putting on his clothes and going off to work. To arrive in time to open his tiny store at 8:30, he needed to leave our apartment at 6:30. After all, he had to take a bus and then the subway. The last journey was a long walk through a neighborhood much of which was full of the smell of rubbish. I learned: it is very important to work. No excuse.
When I was 12, I would, on some Saturdays, go to my father's store to help out. After helping set up the outside clothing display, for the rest of the day, I'd watch to make sure no one stole anything. When I noticed someone looking unusual or strange, I would look the person in the eye, smile and say, "May I help you?" Usually that worked, but sometimes, someone would run off with something. The first time, I ran after the thief but my father shouted, "Martin, stop! There is no need to do that." It's true that safety is more important than money.
After 10 years of hard work, he saved up enough money to buy his first car, a cheap one--he wouldn't buy one until he could afford to pay for it without borrowing money. I learned: buy only what you can afford. Buying necessary food and clothing won't make us go in debt . The unnecessary things won't give us happiness, which comes from achievement only.
The question is: Which of the following is NOT true according to the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:The author ran after thieves many times.
B:The author thanked his father a lot.
C:The author's father worked very hard.
D:The author's father made some money.Late one afternoon, when a professor was walking along a country road, he saw a farmer eating his supper alone on the road before his house.
The professor walked up to the farmer and asked, "Why are you eating here alone?"
"Well, sir," answered the farmer after a short pause, "the chimney  smokes"
"That's too bad," said the professor. "But it shouldn't be too difficult to fix. Let me have a look at it."
And before the farmer could say a word, the professor was at the door. A broom  fell on his shoulder and a woman's voice shouted, "Go away, you old rascal , or I'll kill you..."
The professor left the house quickly. The farmer sat on the road looking very unhappy. The professor walked up to him and put his hand on his shoulder. "Never mind," he said, "my chimney sometimes too."
The question is: " The chimney smokes" means  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:There was something wrong with the farmer's chimney
B:The farmer's wife was angry
C:They needed to fix the chimney
D:The house was full of smokeBALTIMORE. MARYLAND--An old postcard changed the lives of an eleven-year-old boy and a very sick woman. The postcard had a picture of the steamship Titanic. The Titanic was the largest ocean ship in the world. It hit an iceberg and sank on April 14. 1912. More than 1,500 of the 2,200 people on the ship were killed.
The postcard was passed from one person to another for more than 80 years. Then it appeared at a card show for people who liked to collect postcards. An eleven-year-old boy, Joey Russell, came to the show with his grandfather. His grandfather knew everything about the Titanic and its trip from England to New York. "Let's buy that postcard." he told Joey. "It will be important someday."
Two years later, Joey's grandfather took him on a special trip. They went on a trip to the North Atlantic ocean to watch as workers pulled the Titanic up from the bottom of the ocean. Joey put his special postcard in his bag for the trip. On the ship, Joey met Edith Haisman. This woman was on the Titanic when it sank. She was one of the people who were _ Joey pulled the postcard out of his pocket. "Please sign this, Mrs. Haisman." he said. She was happy to write her name on the back of the postcard.
When Joey got home, he put the postcard away and forgot about it, Then Kate Shelley, one of Joey's friends, told him that her mother was very sick. She needed an operation, but there was a problem. The operation was very expensive, and the family needed $80, 000 to pay for it. Friends and relatives tried to help. But where could they get so much money?
Then when Joey went to see the new movie "Titanic", he had an idea. "Millions of people are seeing this movie and reading about the Titanic." Joey thought. He remembered the old postcard with Edith Haisman's signature on it. "Maybe I can sell it for some money. Then I can help Kate's mom."
Joey told his mother and father about his idea to help Mrs. Shelley. His parents helped him try to sell the postcard to the person who would pay the most money for it. Joey's story was on television and in newspapers. Joey and Kate even went to New York to be on a national TV show. After the show, many people called in to offer money for the Titanic card. Someone bought it for $60. 000.
Joey's kind heart and the old Titanic postcard worked together to save a woman's life.
The question is: Which of the following is TRUE according to the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:The Titanic arrived in New York at the end of April, 1912.
B:At the age of 13, Joey Russell got Mrs. Haisman's signature.
C:Joey Russell sold out his postcards on a national TV show.
D:The Titanic card was sold to many people for $60, 000.Bob always took the newspaper to Grandpa White's home before going home. Grandpa White's was at the end of the road. Bob liked Grandpa White. He was often waiting for him near the front gate with sweets or a nice cake. Besides, He often asked Bob about things he was doing, what he was going to do for the summer and what he liked to do.
The thing that Bob didn't like about Grandpa was his never-ending stories about his boyhood in California. Bob was never asked to hear about Grandpa's boyhood, but he couldn't get away.
After Grandpa's wife died in October, Bob could see that Grandpa was lonelier than ever. He would often join Bob halfway along the road and walk along with him as he gave out the newspapers. Grandpa seemed to have all day, and Bob was often late giving newspapers to his customers . Bob didn't want to complain, but the customers were unhappy.
The question is: The passage mainly tells us that   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:Bob was still a child
B:Grandpa liked to tell stories
C:the customers sometimes got angry
D:lonely people need other peopleWe all want our skin   to look good. If your skin is clear and healthy, it makes you feel better about yourself. How do you get great skin? Here arc some suggestions.
Protect your skin against the sun.
* If you are going outside, especially in the sun, you'd better put on sun cream about half an hour before going out in summer.
* Wear a hat to protect your face.
* Stay in the shade whenever you can.
How to wash your skin?
* Wash your body all over once a day. Use mild soap and warm water.
* Wash the soap off, as it may hurt your skin.
* Wash your face by using a facecloth and cleaning cream, and then wash with cool water.
Twice a day is enough.
What else should you do?
* Remember to drink lots of water-your skin loves it.
* Regular exercise is good for your skin.
* Eat healthily so that your skin can get what it needs to do its job.
The question is: To protect your -skin in your daily life, you can't  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:drink lots of water
B:do exercise regularly
C:go out in summer with hats or sun scream
D:eat junk foodAlice is my good friend. She is twenty-two years old. Now she lives in Beijing, China. She teaches English in a junior high school. She loves making friends with the students and they like her very much. Every morning she gets up very early. At about 7:00, she usually has a glass of milk and some bread for breakfast at home. Then she walks to work and gets to school at about a quarter to eight. At 12:00 she eats a hamburger and an apple for lunch. Her favorite drink is Coke. She goes home at 5 o'clock in the afternoon. She likes to have noodles and chicken for dinner. On Sunday, she often comes to see me. Sometimes we go to a Chinese restaurant to have lunch.                                    ,.
The question is: Which of the following is NOT true?
The possible answers are:
A:Alice lives in China now.
B:Alice likes Coke best.
C:Alice gets home at 5:00 in the afternoon.
D:On weekdays she has a hamburger and an apple for lunch.People have been interested in color and its effects for hundreds of years. More recently, research has turned to the question of how different colors can help students learn better.
Believe it or not, some colors can affect a child's IQ . For example, a simple black and white color scheme may cause IQ to become low, while the good use of reds and oranges may raise it as much as 15 points. Be careful not to use too much, however; a little red is exciting, but too much makes people uncomfortable. Bright yellow is exciting to the brain, while the color green is thought to encourage creativity.
Use blue and green to calm yourself. Blue, especially, can cause you to calm down. Something blue in a reading area, for example, may help you focus  on what you are reading. But too much dark blue can make you sad, so use light blue on walls or large floor areas.
If you are struggling to read, try a different color of paper. According to a study, 80 percent of children who had difficulty in reading improved their understanding when they put something grey or blue over their pages. Do not use bright colors here, as they become difficult to look at after a while.
However, use bright colors like red, orange and yellow for important points. These colors attract the eye and may help you notice details.
The same color of the walls of a room do not help you focus on your studies, but make you slow in understanding. Colors, on the other hand, make the senses active and encourage learning. Use primary colors red, yellow and blue in a proper way. Then how do you make your choices of color? It mainly depends on your space, the lighting and the function   of the room.
The question is: Which is the most important when you choose the color for your room?
The possible answers are:
A:Your IQ and abilities.
B:The use of your room.
C:Your likes and dislikes.
D:The location of your room.This March, the H7N9 virus hit Shanghai, Jiangsu, Anhui, Zhejiang and so on. It seemed that most people who were infected with H7N9 had the common flu, Some people suffered from a fever or a cough..
Don't be afraid ----- it's not easy to be infected with the virus. Here are some suggestions to help you protect yourself when it comes.
Wash your hands. You need to wash your hands with soap and hot water before you eat, after you use the toilet, and after you touch animals, because your hands may carry viruses.
Cover your nose and mouth.. When someone sneezes or coughs, flu viruses can travel as far as one meter through the air, so you'd better stand a proper distance while talking to someone who has a cold. And always cover your mouth and nose with a piece of paper when you sneeze or cough, and then clean your hands.
Wear a mask. Some doctors say that masks can stop the flu as much as 80%, but if you don't wash your hands often, it's no use wearing a mask. And it's necessary to wear the mask in the groups of people.
Do sports often. Exercises will help make your body strong enough to
the virus.
The question is: What's the main idea of the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:It tells us how to wash hands.
B:It tells us why we should use masks.
C:It gives us some advice on how to protect ourselves when the H7N9 virus comes.
D:It gives us some advice on how to keep healthy every day.When you are in England, you must   be very careful   in the streets because the traffic goes on the left. Before you cross the street, you must look to the right first and then the left.
If the traffic lights are red, the traffic must stop . Then the people on foot can cross the road. If the lights are green, the traffic can go and people on foot mustn't   cross.
In the morning and in the evening, when people go to or come back from work, the streets are very busy. The traffic is the most dangerous then.
When you go by bus in England, you have to be careful, too. You must always remember the cars drive on the left.
In many English cities, there are big buses with two floors. You can sit on the second floor. From there, you can see the city very well. That'll be very interesting.
The question is: Before you cross a street in London, you must look to  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:the right side
B:the left side
C:the left first and then the right
D:the right first and then the leftGood afternoon and welcome to England. We hope that your visit here will be pleasant. Today, I would like to draw your attention to a few of our laws.
The first one is about drinking. Now you may not buy alcohol  in this country if you are under 18 years old, nor may your friends buy it for you.
Secondly, noise. Enjoy yourselves by all means, but please don't make unnecessary noise, especially at night. We ask you to respect other people who may wish to be quiet.
Thirdly, crossing the road. Be careful. The traffic moves on the left side of the road in this country. Use the crossing for walking and don't take any chances when crossing the road.
My next point is about rubbish. It is an offence  to drop litter in the street. When you have something to throw away, please put it in your pocket and take it home, or put it into a rubbish bin.
Finally, smoking. It is against the law to buy cigarettes or tobacco  if you are under 16 years old.
I'd like to finish by saying that if you need any kind of help, you can turn to the police. The police will be pleased to help you. You can call, or directly go to ask any policeman.
The question is: The main purpose of this speech is to .
The possible answers are:
A:give advice to the travelers in England
B:ask people not to go to England
C:declare the different laws of England
D:tell people that those above 18 years old can drink and smoke in EnglandDear Kitty:
News! We have a new flat! The rooms are small, but they are comfortable. There are more rooms here than in our old flat. This is good because now I have my own room. In the old flat, I share with my sister.
My bedroom is my favourite room in our flat. I can be alone in it. I can read or draw. I can listen to my radio or play CDs. I can play games on my computer and send e-mails to my friends.
My second favorite room is the kitchen. I love helping my mother cook our meals. She is a very good cook. She is teaching me how to make many different kinds of dishes. She lived in Morocco when she was a girl, and she can cook Moroccan food. It's very delicious. That's all for now.
Write soon and tell me about your home. Please get on the Internet so that we can send e-mails to each other.
All good wishes!
Anna
The question is: Why is Anna very happy with the new flat?
The possible answers are:
A:Because she has to share a room.
B:Because she has a big room.
C:Because she has a small room.
D:Because she has her own room.A little stream   ran down from a high mountain through many villages and forests. Then it reached a desert,"I went through so many difficulties. I should have no problem crossing the desert,"she thought. As she started, she found herself slowly disappearing into the sand. After many tries, she still failed.
At this time, a deep voice said,"if a breeze   can cross the desert, so can a river."It was the voice of the desert. But the little stream answered,"that's because a breeze can fly, but I can't."
"That's because you can't give up what you are. Let yourself evaporate   into the breeze, and _ can take you across,"said the desert.
"Give up what I am now? No! No!"The little stream could not accept this idea.
"The breeze can carry the vapor   across the desert and let it leave as rain. The rain will form a river again,"said the desert."And whether you're a river or vapor, your nature   never changes."
Hearing this, the little stream went into the open arms of the breeze. It carried her to the next stage   of her life.
The question is: What did the stream think when she reached a desert?
The possible answers are:
A:She thought she couldn't cross the desert.
B:She believed she could cross the desert.
C:She thought she knew well about the desert.
D:She started to worry about herself.Everyone has a family name. In China, the family name is the first name, but in English countries the family name is the last name. Do you know how English people get their family names? And what do they mean? English people usually get their family name in these ways  .
Some family names come from the places of their homes. A man live on or near a hill, his family name may be   Hill. In England, people's names may be Wood, Lake because they live near the wood   or the lake.
Some family names come from a person's job. If a person is a cook, his family name may be Cook.
And many people get their family names from their father's family names. If you hear the name "Jackson", you can know that he is the son of Jack.
The question is: The passage mainly talks about   _   in English countries.
The possible answers are:
A:family names
B:English people
C:hills and lakes
D:jobs and homesDo you ever find yourself getting really unhappy for almost no reason? Or suddenly feeling down without knowing why? But why is the feeling so common among teens?
Maybe you're starting a new school and not able to see old friends. Getting good grades or wanting to be better in sports or other activities can be a concern  for many teens.
Being accepted by friends is important. Teens also may notice, for the first time, a sense of distance from parents and family. You may feel you want to be on your own and make your own decisions, but it can also seem a bit lonely at times.
Another important cause for mood changes is biology. When puberty   begins, the body starts producing hormones   . These hormones cause physical changes in the body. But at the same time, they also seem to cause mood changes.
Here are some things you can do that might make those bad moods a bit easier to deal with.
*  Remember you're not alone. Although not every teen experiences mood changes to the
same degree, they are common.
*  Talk to people you trust, Friends can help each other by realizing that they're not alone
in their feelings. Talking to parents is important, too. Parents can share their own
experiences dealing with bad moods. Teachers are often good resources and a doctor can
help to answer questions about development.
*  Get enough sleep, Though it can be hard to find enough time, getting enough rest is very
important. Being tired can lead to more sadness.
*  Create. Taking part in some kinds of activities, like building something out of wood, or
starting an art or music piece.
The question is: According to the passage,  _  is common among teenagers.
The possible answers are:
A:getting unhappy for no reason
B:getting good grades
C:breaking school rules
D:asking the doctors for help"Everything happens for the best,"my mother said whenever I faced disappointment  ."If you carry on,one day something good will happen."
Mother was right,as I discovered after graduating   from college in 1932,I had decided to try for a job in radio,then work my way up to a sports announcer.I hitchhiked   to Chicago and knocked on the door of every station and got _ every time.In one studio,a kind lady told me that big stations couldn't risk hiring an inexperienced person."Go out in the sticks and find a small station that'll give you a chance,"she said.I thumbed home to Dixon,Illinois.
While there were no radio-announcing jobs in Dixon,my father said Montgomery Ward had opened a store and wanted a local sportsman to manage its sports department  .Since Dixon was where I had played high school football,I applied.The job sounded just right for me.But I wasn't hired.My mother noticed my disappointment."Everything happens for the best."Mom reminded me.Dad offered me the car to hunt a job.I tried WOC Radio in Davenport,Iowa.The program director, a wonderful Scotsman named Peter Mac Arthur told me they had already hired an announcer.
As I left his office,I asked aloud,"How can a guy get to be a sports announcer if he can't get a job in a radio station?"I was waiting for the lift when I heard Mac Arthur calling,"What did you mean about sports? Do you know anything about football?'' Then he stood me before a microphone and asked me to cover an imaginary   game.Last autumn,my team had won a game in the last 20 seconds with a 65-yard run.I did a 15-minute build-up to that play, and Peter told me I would cover Saturday's game! On my way home,I thought of my mother's words:"If you carry on,one day something good will happen."
I often wonder what direction my life might have taken if I had gotten the job at Montgomery Ward.
The question is: When did the writer first decide to take a radio-announcing job?
The possible answers are:
A:After he applied for the job in a store.
B:Before he graduated from college.
C:After he came back from Chicago.
D:Before he was a football player.The earth is 4 600 million years old. We humans have lived on earth for only 35 000 years, but during this period we have changed our planet a lot in many ways. Some things we've done are very good for the earth while some are bad.
All over the world, people have cut down millions of trees. When it rains or when the wind blows, the earth is taken away. Forests have become deserts, so more and more sorts of animals and plants are disappearing.
In big cities, cars and buses have polluted the air. Many people in cities now have health problems.
Factories have also polluted the land and the water. As a result, many rivers and lakes are now dead.
Around the earth, there's a special kind of oxygen called "ozone"(O3). It is important to the earth. But now air pollution is destroying it and that has made a very big hole in the ozone layer. Too much harmful radiation from the sun passes through the hole and reaches the earth directly. This is very dangerous because this kind of radiation can cause cancer.
Carbon dioxide (CO2) in the air has increased a lot. It mainly comes from burning oil, coal and wood. This has formed a "blanket" around the earth. The heat from the sun can't escape so the temperature is rising. This is called "the greenhouse effect". It causes the level of the oceans to rise and the climate of the earth to change.
All these problems are very serious, so we must do something now.
,A, B, C, D.
The question is: In the passage, "blanket" refers to  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:carbon dioxide around the earth
B:the ozone layer in the sky
C:the forests around the world
D:pollution all over the world"The world has never been a better place to live in" says science writer Matt Ridley, "and it will keep on getting better." Read on to see how Ridley makes his case. Right or wrong? You decide.
Compared with 50 years ago, when I was just four years old, people now make nearly three times as much money, eat one third more food and expect to live one third longer. In fact, it's hard to find any areas of the world that's worse off  now than it was then, even though the world population has more than doubled over that period.
One reason we are richer, healthier, taller, cleverer, longer-lived and freer than ever before is that the four most basic human needs--food, clothing, fuel and shelter--have grown much cheaper. Take one example: In 1800, a candle providing one hour's light cost six hours' work. In the 1880s, the same light from a lamp took 15 minutes' work to pay for. In 1950, it was eight seconds. Today, it's half a second. In these terms, we are 43,200 times better off than in1800.
In the United States, rivers, lakes, seas and air are getting cleaner all the time. A car today produces less pollution traveling at full speed than a parked car did from leaks   in 1970.
Although the world population is growing, the rate   of increase has been falling for 50 years. Across the world, national birth rates are lower now than in 1960, and in the less developed world, the birth rate has almost halved. According to a research report from the United Nations, population will start falling once it reaches 9.2 billion in 2075. After all, there are already seven billion people on earth, and they are eating better and better.
In 1970s, there were 550 billion barrels   of oil reserves   in the world, and in the 20 years that followed the world used up 600 billion. So by 1990, reserves should have been overused by 50 billion barrels. Instead, it is reported there are 900 billion today. They will last for many years and people will find something in place of oil long before they run out.
The more we develop, the more we can develop. The more we invent, the more inventions become possible. For 200 years, pessimists (people who believe that terrible things will happen in future) have had all the headlines--even though _ have far more often been right. There are some reasons for pessimists. No charity   ever raised money by saying things are getting better. No journalist ever got the front page writing a story about how terrible things won't happen. Don't be a pessimist--dare to be an optimist!
The question is: Today, providing one hour's light costs   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:6 hours' work
B:15 minutes' work
C:8 seconds' work
D:0.5 second's workMr Smith teaches English in a university . He is often very busy with work. When it's summer or winter holidays, he goes out to take vacations to relax. Usually he goes to France because he thinks it's an interesting country. And he can speak French very well.
But last month he said to his wife , "I'm not visiting France this time. I want to go to a different country. I _ Japan. But I can hardly speak Japanese, so I'm going to study it for a month before I go."
He studied pretty hard for a month, and then his vacation started.
Ten days later, he came back. His wife asked him, "How about your short vacation in Japan? Did you have any trouble  with your Japanese there?"
"No, I didn't," answered Mr Smith. "But the Japanese did!"
The question is: Which of the following is TRUE?
The possible answers are:
A:Mr Smith works as a math teacher in a university.
B:Mr Smith takes vacations in different countries every year.
C:Mr Smith can speak English and French very well.
D:Mr Smith went to Japan with his wife.My name is Tom Black. This is my cousin, Jack Smith. That is his dog. That computer is my cousin's. The orange notebook is his, too. I have a good friend. Her name is Mary Smith. Is this her watch? No, it isn't. It is black, It is mine. Hers is white.
The question is: Mary's watch is   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:yellow
B:black
C:white
D:brownDear Lucy,
In your last letter, your asked me how to love to your parents. Here is my advice.
*Make a picture for them. Whether with pencils or paints, it will be a treasure  to them forever.
*Write a letter to them. Take your time to put your thoughts in _ .
*keep your room clean! Though it's a kind of the chore, it shows mom and dad that care.
*Cook them a dinner! It can be some rice , some cheese or some hot dogs; it can give them a break.
*tell them that you love them very often. Your love can make them feel warm and proud.
*Never tell a lie  to them. Probably the biggest way to show them you love them is, never to lie. This shows them that you not only love them, but also believe in and respect  them.
*Create time to be with them. Watch a film with your mom once in a while, or go to a sports match with your dad once in a while just to show them how much you care and want to close with them.
*If you do something wrong, apologize  and explain it! They will know you are sorry. You could do something for them to show you want to make it up to them. Just saying sorry can really show how much you love them.
Yours ,
Agony Aunt
The question is: Please apologize to your parents if you   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:don't love them
B:go to a sports match with your dad
C:do a wrong event
D:say you are sorry to themIt is in autumn . A young man comes to a forest . He's walking beside the forest. On his right is a river. On his left is the forest. Suddenly he sees two green eyes looking at him from the trees. A tiger is getting ready to jump on him.
What does he do? He must jump into the river. But in the river there is a big crocodile . Its mouth is very big. The young man closes his eyes. The tiger jumps over him. And the young man opens his eyes. The tiger jumps over him. And the young man opens his eyes. The tiger is now in the mouth of the crocodile.
The question is: What does he see looking at him?   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:Two green eyes
B:A tiger
C:A crocodile
D:A manMy favorite physicist   is Qian Xuesen. He was born in Shanghai on December 11, 1911. He was a little fat and of medium height. And his eyes were wise. He liked music, art and science  .
He studied the important implementation   plan for the Chinese rocket   and the missile  . He worked very hard for our country. I liked him very much.
Qian Xuesen had famous words: I am very tiny  . It is the Chinese people that are truly great!
Qian Xuesen died on October 31, 2009. I'm very sad to hear the news, and Chinese people are the same as me. He is our hero. We should learn from him and I think I won't forget the great scientist for ever.
The question is: Qian Xuesen died at the age of   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:68
B:78
C:88
D:98Man-made satellites have been sent up into space by many countries. These satellites go round the earth and help us to learn more about the earth, the weather and other things. Most countries use these satellites to sent and receive messages. For example, with their help China can send their programs to America, too. We can also use satellites to help us to make telephone calls to foreign countries.
The question is: Man-made satellites are   _   to people.
The possible answers are:
A:terrible
B:useful
C:unknown
D:not necessary"Ordinary" was the worst word my mother could find for anything. Whenever she took me out for shopping, I found she wouldn't take any notice of the shop assistants when they suggested that some dresses were popular. She would say, "We're not interested in that. Haven't you got anything a little unusual?" And then the assistants would bring out all the strange colours no one else would buy. And later she and I would argue because I wanted to be ordinary but my mother wanted to be unusual.
"I can't stand that hairdo  ," she said to me when I was in a boy hairstyle, " _ 's so terribly ordinary... Not ugly, not unsuitable. But ordinary ..."
"Couldn't you please wear something else?" I asked one day when she was dressing for Parents' Day in tight   trousers and a bright pink sweater.
"What't wrong with it!"
"It's just that I wish you'd wear something ordinary." I said, "People won't laugh at."
She looked at me angrily, "Are you ashamed of your mother? If you are, Mary, I feel sorry for you."
The question is: What does her mother mean by "ordinary"?
The possible answers are:
A:Unusual.
B:Ugly.
C:Common.
D:Popular.You're going to high school, aren't you? Maybe you don't know what to do. Well, here's a list of the top six things to do when you're in high school. These things will give you ideas of what your high school life could be like. Here you go!
Find your passion  and what kind of person you are: Whether it's dance, basketball, or drawing, the important thing is that you have found something you are interested in.
Talk to people you wouldn't usually talk to: Meet new people, find new friends and even talk to the people you don't like. It will show what a great person you are. You never know what will happen after high school.
Take part in at least one contest: This will give you tears of laughter, happiness and memories.
Get a job: This will help you see what it's like to have responsibility .It can also help you make a little money to spend on yourself.
Take a trip with your friends: It doesn't matter where you go or what you do, the memories will happen on the way and go on till the final place.
Do your best at school: Don't ever get lazy. Working hard now will help you in the future.
The question is: The writer mainly tells you six things you should do  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:in your high school years
B:at the beginning of your high school years
C:before your high school begins
D:after you finish your high schoolThis story is about a young man.He worked very hard at his lessons.He was too busy to have a rest.At last, he became ill, so he couldn't go to sleep.Every night, when he went to bed, he closed his eyes and tried to sleep.But the more he tried, the more he stayed awake.
After a while he decided to visit the doctor."I just can't go to sleep at night.What should I do?"
"I have a suggestion," said the doctor."Try counting numbers.By the time you reach one thousand, you'll be asleep.I'm sure of it."
The next day the man returned to the doctor's office."Well," said the doctor, "how are you today? Did you try my suggestion?"
The man still looked tired."Yes," he said, "I tried counting one, two, three...up to one thousand.But when I reached five hundred and sixty-nine, I began to feel sleepy.I had to get up and drink some tea so that I could go on counting up to one thousand.But then I still couldn't fall asleep."
The question is: The young man  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:counted from 569 to 1,000
B:counted from 1 to 569 and fell asleep
C:counted from 1 to 569 and got up to drink some tea
D:counted from 1 to 1,000 and fell asleepWe usually have three meals. We have breakfast, lunch and supper. We often have more time for lunch and supper, and we eat a big lunch or supper. But a good breakfast is very important  . It's easy for you to understand it. You don't eat anything for about twelve hours from the last   supper.
One good breakfast should be rice or bread, an egg and milk. On a cold morning a cup of hot drink is necessary  . Get up a little early and you can have enough time to eat breakfast. A good breakfast helps you to study well. It helps you to work well and play happily. You will be fun for a day after you enjoy a good breakfast.
The question is: Which of the following is the good habit  ?
The possible answers are:
A:Get up late and have some bread on the way to school.
B:Have nothing for breakfast.
C:Get up early and have a good breakfast.
D:Have breakfast in class.My name's Mary. This is my family tree. These are my parents. Their names are Bill and Grace Brown. Those are my grandparents. Their names are Hery and Linda Brown. This is my uncle. His name is John. That boy is my brother. His name is Tony. This is Susan. She is my uncle's daughter.
,. (2,10)
The question is: Mary's brother is  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:Susan
B:John
C:Tony
D:LindaDo animals have a culture? What do we mean by "culture"? Lately social scientists have begun to ask if culture is found just in humans, or if some animals have a culture too. When we speak of culture, we mean a way of life a group of people have in common. Culture includes the beliefs and attitudes we learn. It is the patterns of behavior that help people to live together. It is also the patterns of behavior that make one group of people different from another group.
Our culture lets us make up for having lost out strength, claws, long teeth, and other defenses. Instead we use tools, cooperate with one another, and communicate with language. But these aspects of human behavior, or "culture", can also be found in the lives of certain animals. Animals can make tools, for example. We used to think that the ability to use tools was the dividing line between human beings and other animals. Lately, however, we have found that this is not the case. Chimpanzees can not only use tools but actually make tools themselves. Animals can also share knowledge with each other and use their own language to communicate. So it may be important for us to know that the line dividing us from animals is not as clear as we used to think.
The question is: The example of chimpanzees shows   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:animals are the same as human beings
B:animals can be as clever as human beings
C:there is no differences between humans and other animals
D:animals may have a culture like our ownPeter Qwen has been making wigs  since the 1980s . He has made wigs for the stars of more than seventy movies ,including Tom Hanks in Philadelphia, Johnny Depp in Sleepy Hollow and Nicole Kidman in The Others. One of his biggest jobs so far has designed the hair and makeup for the three Lord o f the Ring movies . He had just six weeks to design and make more than a hundred wigs, each one a different style, color, shape and length.
The hair and makeup in a movie are just as important as the costumes or the sets. Over the years, Peter has made actors look older, younger, healthy and sick. For one movie he even made a female actor look like a man! "What people don't realize about wigs is that we are not always making people more beautiful," he says. "Often we are covering up beauty and making them look ordinary."
All Peter's wigs are handmade using human hair, so they look as real as possible. This also makes them very expensive -between US $ 4,500 and US $12,500 each! He knows he's done a good job when people don't realize the star of the movie is wearing a wig. So he was pleased when one newspaper said that Nicole Kidman had dyed her hair dark brown for a movie. "It was a wig and no one knew that9" he said.
The question is: Why are Peter's wigs so expensive?
The possible answers are:
A:They are made in foreign countries.
B:Peter makes the best wigs.
C:They are only made for rich film makers.
D:They are handmade using human hair.Dukuly Dogbah, a 14-year-old Liberian  boy, grew up in a war. He was born in the same year the Liberian war started. Since then fighting between the government forces and the rebel armies has not stopped.
Dukuly is one of around 10,000 child soldiers in Liberia. At 10, Dukuly lost contact with his family in the war and had to fight for the rebels. During the war he learnt to kill people with guns. He has killed many people and seen many of his friends die. "You have to," he said, "because it is war."
Lots of children had to join the army. Some did it out of their own will. They thought they would be safe with a gun. The army leaders use child soldiers because they are easy to control and do not get paid much.
Child soldiers do terrible things. Most of them take drugs. "I cannot control myself because it makes me brave," Dukuly said.
There are 120,000 child soldiers in Africa and 300,000 around the world. Many child soldiers die and nobody cares for them. According to a United Nation's report, 23 armies in the world use children. Some African and Asian countries often use child soldiers. Myanmar  has the highest number of child soldiers in their army:  around 50,000. Most of the child soldiers are under 18 years of age and the youngest is only 7 years old.
The UN has called for the protection of children in war. The UN Children's Fund wants African countries to ban  child soldiers. Many UN organizations are trying to take child soldiers away from war and send them back to school.
The question is: There are  _  child soldiers all over the world.
The possible answers are:
A:120.000
B:300,000
C:420.000
D:50,000Good morning, everyone! Welcome to our school. Now you are students of a middle school. All the things here are new. The life here is a little different. I think you must know what you can do and what you can't do. It can help you study well and live happily. Here are some rules of our school.
You have to come to school from Monday to Friday. You will learn some important subjects, such as Chinese, math, English and science. Classes begin at 8:00. You have four classes in the morning. You have lunch in the school dining hall. You can't eat in the classroom. Classes are over at 3:30 in the afternoon and then you can join your favorite clubs to have fun. You can't play balls or run in the classroom and hallways. You mustn't _ these rules. I really hope you will have a happy life here. Thank you.
The question is: What can you do in the classroom?
The possible answers are:
A:Eat food
B:Play balls.
C:Run
D:Learn EnglishBefore Christmas Mr Smith broke his right leg and had to stay in hospital. When he was there, he always asked his doctor when he could go home. He didn't like to spend Christmas in hospital. Though the doctor did his best, Mr Smith didn't get better. So on Christmas Day he was still in hospital. He spent a bad day in bed thinking that he missed a lot of fun on such a happy day.
The next day the doctor told him that he might be well enough to leave hospital in time for the New Year. Mr  Smith was very happy to think that he would spend New Year's Day outside hospital. Soon Mr Smith left hospital and on New Year's Eve he went to a party. He enjoyed himself there. But he drank too much. On his way home that night, he had a fall and broke his left leg. What a unlucky man he was!
The question is: Mr Smith spent Christmas Day in hospital because   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:he like to
B:his wife told him to
C:he broke his right leg
D:he had toHello, everyone. My name is Tom . I'm a middle school student.  I am a soccer fan  . I play soccer after school every day.  This is my father, His name is Mike Smith. He is a soccer fan, too. He plays soccer very well. I like playing soccer with my father very much. We have a great collection  of 15 soccer balls.  This is my mother . Her name is Linda Smith. And this my sister Mary .But my mother and my sister don't like soccer. They only watch TV at home. They say many TV programs   are very interesting.
,.
The question is: What's Tom's family name?
The possible answers are:
A:Tom.
B:Mike
C:Tom Smith
D:SmithMonarch butterflies from eastern Canada make the most amazing journey in the insect world. Each year, this butterfly travels about 3000miles to its winter home in central Mexico . How can it fly so far? And why does it make this long and dangerous trip? Scientists still don't have an answer.
For many years, people in Mexico wondered where the orange-and-black butterflies came from every winter. Then, in 1937, a scientist started to follow and study the butterflies. For the next 20 years, he discovered that one butterfly started its journey in Canada. Four months later, it arrived in Mexico.
The length of the butterflies find their way back to the same place? Another amazing thing is that the butterflies always return to the same area in central Mexico.
How do the butterflies find their way back to the same place? This is an interesting question because only every fourth generation makes the trip south. In other words, the butterfly that travels to Mexico this year is the great-great-grandchild of the butterfly that traveled there last year.
Each year, four generations of a Monarch butterfly family are born. Each generation of the family has a very different life. The first generation is born in the south in late April. It slowly moves north, reproduces , and then dies. On the trip north,two more generations are born, reproduce, and die. Each of these generations of butterflies is born. This generation has a much longer life. It lives for about eight months. This generation of butterflies makes the amazing journey back to the winter home of its great-great-grandparents. The butterflies spend the winter there, and in the spring they reproduce and then die. Their offspring will be the first generation of the next circle of life.
Today, people are still studying the Monarch butterfly. But they are not clear about everything.
The question is: Which statement is true according to the text?
The possible answers are:
A:Monarch butterflies spend winter in eastern Canada.
B:The four generations have the same length of life.
C:Some generations die on the way north to Canada.
D:Scientists are clear about everything of the butterfliesLet me tell you something about our park.It's not very big but beautiful .Here's the gate .We can go into  the park from here. On the left of it, there are two toilets .There is a cafe on the right .We can drink coffee there. There is a big tree near it. In the tree, there are many birds. In the middles of the park ,there is a playground .There are many boys and girls on it .Some are flying kites, and others are dancing. They are happy. Near the playground, there is a nice and big lake .There are many boats on it.
The question is: What's in the middle of the park?    _  .
The possible answers are:
A:There is a cafe
B:There is a playground
C:There is a tree
D:There is a lakeA new school term begins, Is anything new at your school? Sichuan students are getting an extra  hour to sleep in the morning.
This year, Sichuan schools decided that students should start classes later. This should help them feel less tired, For Junior high schools, the first classes will begin no earlier than 8:30 am.
The changes have made students happy.
Liu Xian, 15, said his class was excited by the news on the first day of school. "It's so good we can get up later!" said Liu.
Liu studies in Chengdu No.4 Middle School. He used to get up at 6:40 am. Now he can get up at 7:40 am because class doesn't start until 8:40 am.
Wu Hongli, 15, said the new timetable is good for her health. "I used to drink coffee every night or I would feel to sleepy to finish my homework, "said Wu. "Now I can finish it without coffee."She used to get up at 6:30 am. Now she can get up at 7:30 am.
Wu Hongli's mother was happy, too. She thought more sleep would help her daughter grow taller.
But some parents worried that more sleep would mean less learning. There used to be five classes in the morning. Now there are only four.
Many teachers, though, say the changes will help students learn better.
"Students used to doze for the first two classes in the morning,"said Wu Zongping, an English teacher at Chendu No.12 Middle School. "But now they look fine and they learn much better than before."
The question is: What did the teachers think of the changes of the school timetable?
The possible answers are:
A:They didn't like the changes.
B:They could use the timetable more easily.
C:They spoke highly of the changes.
D:They looked fine when they taught.Early to bed and early to rise makes a man healthy, wealthy and wise.
This is an old English saying. It means that we should go to bed early at night and get up early in the morning. If we do, we shall be healthy. We shall also be rich and clever.
Is this true? Perhaps it is. The body must have enough sleep. Children of your age need ten hours' sleep every night. If you do not go to bed early, you can not have enough sleep. Then you can not think properly and you can not do your work properly. You will not be wise and you may not become wealthy!
Some people go to bed late at night and get up late in the morning. This is not good for them. We should sleep at night when it is dark. The dark helps us to sleep well. When the daylight comes, we should get up. This is the time for exercise. If the body is not used, it will become weak. Exercise keeps it strong.
Exercise helps the blood to move around inside the body. This is very important. Blood takes nutrition   to all parts of our bodies. The brains in our heads also need blood. We think with our brains. If we keep our bodies healthy, and take exercise, we can think better!
Our bodies also need air to breathe. Without air we will die. Get up early in the morning and we can have plenty of clean, fresh air. That will keep us healthy and happy.
The question is: It's important for people to have enough sleep. If not, they   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:may not be strong
B:may not become wealthy
C:can not think and do their work properly
D:will not get up earlyI have a pen pal in Canada. His name is Simon. He lives in Ottawa, Canada. He is twelve years old. He also studies in a middle school.
Simon lives in a happy family. His father is a policeman and his mother is a bank clerk  . Simon and his parents like exercising. They almost exercise every day. Simon's father is tall. He is good at playing basketball. Simon's mother likes playing volleyball.
Simon usually gets up at 6.30 am. He eats his breakfast at home. Then he goes to school. It's kind of far from the school to his home, so he usually has his lunch at school.
Usually, Simon does his homework four times a week. Simon likes watching TV. He usually watches TV for about one hour every day. He goes to bed at nine.
The question is: Where does Simon come from?
The possible answers are:
A:England.
B:America.
C:Canada.
D:China.It is easy to say "to be Best Friends Forever (BFF)". However, a true BFF helps out when the other is in trouble, not just once or twice, but for a lifetime.
Milo is six years old. He has become Eddie's BFF. They are special because they are not humans, but dogs. Their owner, Angie Baker, brought them up. They spent many years playing together.
However, last year, Eddie suddenly started walking into dustbins and walls. Soon he lost his eyesight. When Milo felt something was wrong, he decided to act as Eddie's "guide" dog. He leads Eddie through the house. When they go for walks, he holds Eddie's leash  .
Once, Milo had to spend a few nights at the hospital himself. Poor Eddie often bumped   into walls and furniture. Ever worse, he got lost during walks. Angie realized how much Eddie depended on his friend. Luckily, Milo is now fine and back at his BFF's side, guiding him through life again.
The question is: What does Milo do for Eddie?
The possible answers are:
A:He takes Eddie to the park.
B:He acts as Eddie's guide.
C:He stays with Eddie at the hospital.
D:He finds food and drinks for Eddie.If you ask me to tell how to get along in the United States, I think the following "do's" and "don'ts" would be helpful.
Generally speaking, it isn't easy to find anyone to talk to in a busy city, so you should try to do the following. First, get or borrow a dog! Walk him several times a day! Americans love dogs and cats and usually stop to talk to anyone with a dog. Then, try to eat in a restaurant. People generally share the same table and will sometimes talk to you if they see you are new there. Next, take your dirty clothes to a laundry ! It takes about an hour to wash and dry them and people there often pass the time talking with each other. Always ask for information from a woman if you are a man, and from a man, if you are a woman! Learn to say, "Please" "Thank you" and "You're welcome" and use them all the time!
There are some things you shouldn't do. Don't tell the truth when people ask, "How are you?" The only answer they want is "Fine". Never ask people their age--especially  women! Everyone wants to be young. Don't tell heavy people they are fat. Tell them they are losing weight. Everyone wants to be thin. Don't be late when meeting people! When someone says six o'clock, be sure to be there by six. Americans respect time and want everyone to be "on time".
The question is: Americans like talking to   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:dogs and cats
B:women
C:men
D:those who are walking a dogMary was a four-year-old girl. She was interested in drawing very much. Mary showed her drawings to everyone. She especially wanted to impress her father, but her dad always seemed to be too busy.
One day, Mary wanted to learn to draw houses. She used many hours to draw a really beautiful house with a big garden. Herself, Mom and Dad were looking out of the house. On the _ was the little dog, she wanted to have it so much.
"Look, mom!"
"Oh, Mary, this is so beautiful! Your best ever!"
Mary was very happy and said, "I'll show this to Dad now!"
She ran to the door of the room where her dad worked.
"Dad!" Mary knocked on the door. "I want you to see the house I made!"
"I'm sorry, Mary, I am busy. Can't you show it to someone else?" her dad answered in the room. Mary looked down at her drawing and her tears came down.
"I don't want to show it to anyone else. I want to show it to my dad. You're the only dad I have!"
Mary's mom felt so heavy in her heart and she got ready for a hug. But before she took another step, the door opened and Mary's dad appeared.
"I'm sorry Mary. I was foolish! Come here and we'll look at your drawing!"
Daughter and the only dad she had walked into the room to enjoy the child's beautiful work of art.
The question is: Which of the following is NOT mentioned in the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:Mary liked drawing very much.
B:Mary's mother saw Mary's drawing.
C:Mary's brother often played with her in the garden.
D:Mary wanted her father to see her drawing very much.Full of happiness and sadness, the year 2015 is coming to an end and we invite you, the foreign friends to share your stories with our millions of readers all over the world. We will choose some of the best and give prizes to the writers.
 _ 
Foreigners with some experiences about China during the past year. You may have visited for just a few days, stayed longer here or just met with Chinese in your own countries.
What to write?
Anything about China or Chinese people that happened to you. It can be Chinese food, buildings, tradition or anything you think worth writing about.
How to join?
E-mail your writing to readers@chinadaily.com.cn.
Rules: At least 200 words and one photo about your story. More words and photos are encouraged. Please write the information, such as who, what, where and when, below your photos. Prize: A mobile phone.
Deadline : December 26th, 2015.
The question is: What is necessary about your story?
The possible answers are:
A:One mobile phone.
B:One prize.
C:Only 100 words.
D:One photo.Monday.....oh, I don't like Monday because I will  have to go back to school again after the weekend. Tuesday is not so bad. I usually play tennis with my friends after school. On Wednesday evening I don't go out. I stay at home and do my homework. I like Thursday because the next day is Friday. I always go out on Friday -maybe to the cinema. I love the weekend. On Saturday I stay in bed until lunchtime, and I sometimes go to the shops in the afternoon. In the evening we go to a club--there are good bands there every Saturday. Then on Sundays I go to my friend's house or she comes to mine. I usually visit my grandmother for an hour in the afternoon. Then the weekend is over and it's Monday.... And I feel bad again!
The question is: The writer may go to the movies on   _
The possible answers are:
A:Monday
B:Tuesday
C:Wednesday
D:FridayOne day an Australian farmer,Joe,saw a bright light in the sky.The light came nearer and  nearer and suddenly Joe saw that it was a spaceship landed in a field nearby.
The door of the spaceship opened and two strange beings  climbed out.They seemed to be half man and half bird.Joe was afraid of them.He tried to run away.But the spacemen walked towards him,picked him up and carried him into the spaceship.
They asked him questions about Each."We're from Venus ,"they said,"but it is getting very hot there.A lot of our people are dying and we haven't much time left.We ale trying to find a new home."
After some time they freed Joe and at last the spaceship took off and could not be seen.
Joe told his friends about the spacemen,but no one believed  his story.
"You will believe me one day".Joe told them."The spacemen will come back..."
The question is: People didn't believe Joe because   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:he told a lie
B:it hadn't been seen before
C:they didn't welcome the strange beings
D:they wanted to see the strange beings very muchI'm Jack, and I am a middle school student. Yesterday was the most exciting day in my life. I was on TV! This is my first time on TV. In the evening, Mum, Dad and I were watching a TV programme in the sitting room and there I was! This is how it happened.
I was playing soccer in the park with my friends when a man and a woman came to us. The man had a camera. The woman had a microphone. "I'm from Channel 9," she said. "Do you know the programme Kid's Speak Out?" I did know it. I watched it often. It's a weekly programme where kids say what they think about different things.
"Would you like to be on it?" the woman asked me.
I wanted to be on it and I thought my friends might also want to be on it, so I asked, "Can my friends be on it too?"
"Sorry, only one of you can," the woman said. "You can talk about it and decide which of you is going to be on the programme."
I asked my friends if they wanted to be on the programme. They didn't, so I went on it. The woman asked me a lot of questions. I thought carefully and tried to give _ answers. When she finished, she said I was one of the best kids she'd spoken to! I felt very proud of myself. My mum and dad were proud of me too!
The question is: Jack was excited yesterday because he_.
The possible answers are:
A:watched a TV programme with his parents
B:was on TV for the first time
C:played soccer in the park with his friends
D:saw the hosts of the programme Kid's Speak OutMr. Smith lives in Toronto. He is a doctor. His wife teaches English in a middle school. They have two children, one is a son called Mike and the other is a daughter. She is only three months. Mike loves the baby very much. He often shows her to the guests. He is young and doesn't go to school. He stays at home to help his mother look after the baby.
One day Mike's aunt comes to see the baby. She works in another city and sees the baby foe the first time. Mike shows the baby to his aunt.
"Look at the baby, Aunt;" says Mike, "She's beautiful. I think she looks like me."
"Does she like playing with you?" asks his aunt.
"I don't know," answers the boy, "She can't speak yet."
The question is: Little Mike thinks   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:he's beautiful ,too.
B:the baby is nice .
C:his aunt is friendly to him .
D:he loves the baby best.Do you plan to study at American University ?It takes a long time to get accepted at most
American schools,perhaps as much as a year.That's why you should start choosing a school as soon as possible.It's also a good idea to apply to several different schools,so that you'll have a better chance of being accepted at one. You should start looking for information now ,because the more  information you have about each college,the better choice you can make.
There are two good ways to get information you need.One is a general reference book,called Guide to American Colleges and Universities.The other good source of information is the catalogue published by each school.
You can study the general guide in almost any American library.This book has a lot of useful
information,such as the number of students,the average test score for people accepted to the school,and the number of books in the library.You can also find the address of each school in this book.
Although the general guidebook has helpful information,some of the facts may be out-of-date.For example,many school raise their tuition every year.Since you'll need to know what your education will cost,out-of-date information will not be good enough.To be sure that you are getting the latest information,write to the university and ask for its catalogue.The catalogue not only has more detailed information.For example,the catalogue can tell you what kinds of courses are offered,and what kind housing there is in the school.Some universities have places for you to live in,but at  others you have to find your own place to live.
With all this information,you should be able to pick out several good schools.
The question is: According to the speaker ,what is one reason you should write for a catalogue?
The possible answers are:
A:Information in catalogues is up-to-date.
B:There are too many details in the guidebook.
C:Y0u should find out the tuition first.
D:Catalogues give the names of the teachers in the school.It is well-known that it will take travelers only 48 hours by train to go from Beijing to Lhasa, the capital of west China's Tibet on July 1 this year. Travelers can enjoy the beautiful views during the 48 hour train ride.
The new railway line will be controlled by the Beijing' s West Railway Station from July 1, 2006. The most important part of the line, the Qinghai-Tibet Railway, has been completed.
The Qinghai-Tibet part of the railway is the world's highest railway. About 960 kilometers of the train tracks are 4,000 meters above sea level. The highest parts reach 5,072 meters.
The railway is the world' s longest plateau railroad which is 1,956 kilometers long, from Qinghai's capital Xining to Lhasa in Tibet. The Golmud-Lhasa part is 1,142 kilometers long and goes across the Kunlun and Tanggula mountain ranges.
The trains running on the Qinghai-Tibet Railway have very good conditions. If the passengers feel hard to breathe, they will be provided with oxygen masks, because all of the trains have oxygen supplying equipments.
The question is: The highest parts of Qinghai-Tibet Railway reach   _   meters.
The possible answers are:
A:960
B:4,000
C:5,072
D:1,956This past month saw one of the most devastating storms in history brings death and destruction on the Philippines. The number of lives lost is still being calculated, but it is already sitting above five thousand. In the flurryof news about the storm and its after-math, the cries of "I told you so" from environmentalists rang out loud and clear.
These scientists were especially vocal during the United Nations Climate Change Conference, which just wrapped up in Warsaw, Poland. The timing of the conference and Typhoon Haiyan was an eerie coincidence, but perhaps the concurrence offered a wakeup call for all.
Christiana Figures, Executive Secretary of the UN Framework Convention on Climate Change (UNFCCC) said, "We are witnessing ever more frequent extreme weather events, and the poor and vulnerable are already paying the price."
Scientists claim that storms like Typhoon Haiyan are an inevitable result of the effect greenhouse gases are having on our environment. Environmental analysts claim that rising temperatures around the globe and changing weather patterns are all part of the same problem.
This isn't breaking news. We've heard the warnings for years. The UN has been hosting the Climate Change Conference since1995.But the changes that need to be made are huge. Added to this, the developed nations and developing countries have competing interests that are difficult to settle. The issue of who takes responsibility becomes difficult to resolve.
We may feel far away from Poland and resolving conflicts between countries, but we mustn't feel far away from the issue. When we watch neighboring countries suffer in severe weather, when we hear reports of increasing global temperatures, when we walk outside and find it difficult to breathe the Shanghai air, we know we have a very real problem. So what are we going to do about it? Are we making every-day choices that can have a positive impact? Are we reducing our carbon footprint? Are we choosing to walk, ride a bicycle or take public transportation instead of a car? Are we recycling? Are we turning off the lights and electronics whenever possible?
The problem is complex, but saving our earth starts with each of us taking simple steps.
The question is: Which of the following is NOT FALSE?
The possible answers are:
A:The environment is worse and worse and we have no ideas about it.
B:The environment is worse and we needn't do anything about it.
C:Saving our environment is not so complex.
D:The environment is a big problem and we must take simple stepsToday is our Open Day. Our parents come and see our school on this day. Our school is very big and beautiful.There are five buildings in our school. Look! The office building is on your right. Our teachers work in it. Behind the building, there are two classroom buildings and a school library. In the library there are all kinds of books. Our big playground is on the left of these buildings with lots of trees around it. Every day, many students play football, basketball and tennis. We have a good time on the playground after school. We also have a school hall behind the playground next to the library. We meet our parents and have parties  in the school hall. Today, after school, we have a welcome party for our parents. I think our parents will like our school, too.
The question is: We meet our parents   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:in the teaching building
B:in the library
C:on the playground
D:in the school hallHistory, as we know, is filled with facts, with places, names, dates, and events.
History is also filled with feelings, with pain, joy, excitement, and fear.
Facts are set down in books, but what happens to feelings? How can you take the pain, for example, and write it into a history book? You can't. But you can put it to music. Take the blues for example.
The blues started when black musicians in the South began to sing about their hard times, those times which made them feel blue. The early blues was the beginning of other musical styles, from jazz to rock and roll.
Music, you might say, is a record of feelings.
Of course, facts are important: the civil rights movement, the race for space, the Vietnam War. But the feelings behind these events - the pride of being black, the excitement of a rocket blast  , the pain of a war - are also an important part of history.
The question is: In the passage, the word "blue" and the word "blues" are related to   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:a feeling and a kind of music
B:a color
C:a kind of music and a person
D:people and their feelingsMany Chinese people who have been to the United States think that Americans pay a little part of their money for food each day. Yet, in the latest 13 years, food prices have gone up 30% for most American families. Everyone agrees that _ . But who is really responsible ?
Many people say the farmers who produce the vegetables, fruit, meat, and eggs are responsible. But farmers say that the rise in food prices is very small compared to (...) the rise in their cost of living. Farmers think middlemen have got much more money than they do. Middlemen are those people who stand between the farmers and the people who buy and eat the food. For example, truck drivers, owners of food stores and so on. Are middlemen really responsible for higher food prices?
Economists don't think so. They have found that the money that meat packers and food stores get is less than 1% in all. They say that food costs more now because modern housewives have jobs outside the home. They have less time for cooking after a day's work. They like to buy food which has already been prepared before it reaches the market. They want to buy many kinds of food that can be put on their dining tables easily and quickly. But of course they must be prepared to pay for the services of those who make their work easier.
It seems that the answer to the question of rising prices is not an easy one. Quite a number of people share the responsibility for the sharp rise in food costs.
The question is: Farmers speak for themselves because   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:the middlemen have had the biggest share of profit
B:the cost of their products have risen sharply too
C:their cost of living has gone up a lot, too
D:they've got very little in the rise of food pricesDear Sir,
I am writing to you about my stay at your hotel. My wife and I arrived on Saturday, May 15thand stayed for a week. Though we were treated well and found the service excellent, we think there are one or two things we should bring your attention.
1. We hoped for a nice holiday from our busy work lives, and your ad said "comfortable and quiet". We want to have a chance to enjoy ourselves. However, we were always waken up by the noise every morning. Is it really necessary for the workers to start their repair work so early?
2. We hoped to swim in your "wonderful pool". To our disappointment , we found that it was closed for the whole time of our stay.
I hope you do not mind my writing to you about these things, but I would be happy if you could give me some explanation . As I said at the start, it is a pity, and your service is so good in other places.
I hope to hear from you soon.
Yours sincerely
Tom Green
The question is: What did Mr Green think about the swimming pool?
The possible answers are:
A:He felt disappointed because the swimming pool was closed for the whole time of their stay.
B:He felt disappointed because the swimming poop was too small.
C:He felt excited about it because he had a good time there.
D:He found it really wonderful, just like the words in the ad.Dear Linda,
I'm glad to hear from you and I would like to be your pen friend. In your letter, you said you wanted to know something about my school life .
I walk to school at 7:30 every morning because the school is near our house. When I get to school at about 7:45, I often do the cleaning with my classmates. After that we do some reading for half an hour. We have four lessons in the morning. I often have my lunch at 12:00 at school. We usually have two lessons in the afternoon. The school is over at about 5:00 and then I go home.
My favorite subject is Chinese. I like all the teachers because they are friendly. I am keen on sports and I enjoy playing football best. I'm a member of our school football team. What about your school life?
Best wishes!
Dick
The question is: From the passage,we know that  _   .
The possible answers are:
A:Dick goes to school at 12:00 at noon
B:Dick doesn't like studying Chinese
C:Dick's favourite sport is playing football
D:Dick's Chinese teacher is not friendly to himMarch 5 is "Lei Feng Day". Fifty years ago on this day, Chairman Mao Zedong called on people to "learn from Lei Feng". Now half a century has passed. Is the spirit of Lei Feng outdated? Some people have shown us that it's not. But people have also changed the ways in which they help others.
Li Yulin, who works in a hospital in Hang Zhou, Zhejiang, has been a volunteer for 15 years. He still remembers his experience in an old people's home several years ago. An old woman held his hand and said, "You don't need to do anything for us. Seeing young people like you here is all we need." Those words made Li think: in what ways can we help people better? "Every person does what they can, no matter how small it is, to give out positive energy. And before we lend a helping hand, we should find out what they want," Li said to the Qianjiang Evening News.
As well as Li, other people have shown their understanding of the spirit of Lei Feng. A "noodle fever" swept Zhengzhou, Henan in January. It started with an online post. Li Gang, a 42-year-old local man, said in the post that he has got cancer. He needed a lot of money for an operation. He was not asking for donations, but hoped people would come to eat at his restaurant. Li's post spread quickly. Soon his restaurant was filled with people every day. Li had an operation on Feb. 2 and now he is getting better.
"It is good to help Li and his family like this for it shows them respect and doesn't hurt their pride," Qianjiang Evening News said.
The question is: What is the best title for this passage?
The possible answers are:
A:Volunteer Work.
B:The Spirit of Lei Feng Is Everywhere.
C:Positive Energy.
D:Lei Feng Is Outdated.Linda and David have traveled by air from London to Sydney, Australia. Linda has promised her mother that she will ring her to let her know that they have arrived safely. This is something she had done ever since she was a child. David thinks it is not a good idea to ring so far, to spend too much, and to say so little.
"If there were an accident. " He says, 'they'd know soon enough. Bad news travels fast. "
But Linda has promised that she would ring. "However," she says, "'it doesn't cost much when you just think that it's the other side of the world. It's only six pence per second  . "
"If you're on that telephone for less than one minute, I'll eat my hat,' David says, "And one minute's nearly four pounds. "
"That's no more than you'd pay for a new hat," ''Linda answers.
She has asked the man at the hotel desk to get her the number. The telephone rings. Linda picks it up.
"Hello, Mum. Is that you ?" She says.
"Six pence per second," David reminds  her.
"Hello, love. " It is Mrs Lee, Linda's mother, speaking from London. "I can hear you very clearly just like you are in the next room. It's a better line than when you called me from your office. Do you remember? I shouted at that time, and still you couldn't hear me sometimes. "
"Yes, Mum. "Linda puts in. . "I just wanted to ring to ....... "
"I remember how you rang when you went to Betty's house to eat, when you were a little girl. And then when you ..." Mrs Lee is a great talker
"Nearly four pounds. " says David.
Linda tries to tell her mother that it is time to say goodbye.
"Yes, all right, "says Mrs Lee," But you will write, won't you, as you did when you were at work ..."
Once again, Mrs Lee talks about the pass. and there is no stopping her.
"Four pounds fifty, 'says David.
At last, Linda cuts her mother short, promises to write, and rings off.
"There! That wasn't long, was it ?"
"Four pounds, ninety pence." David answers. "And you didn't even say that we've arrived."
The question is: Linda does not think it expensive to ring, because   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:it only costs four pounds and ninety pence
B:it is even more expensive to buy a new hat
C:she had telephoned home since she was a child
D:she will speak from one side of the word to the otherApril 22 is Earth Day. Everyone on Earth should care about and protect the earth!
The earth has warmed by about 1degF   over the past 100 years, but why and how?
Well, scientists are not quite sure. Maybe the earth gets warmer and warmer on its own. But many scientists say that people are doing many things which makes the earth warmer.
First, greenhouse effect   is a very important reason for the change of the earth. People give out too much energy into the air every year. It makes the earth warmer. Climate   change is another important reason. Sometimes it becomes too hot and sometimes too cold. Sometimes there is too much rain and sometimes too little. The change of the climate makes the earth warmer. In turn, the warmth of the earth changes the climate, too.
When the earth becomes warmer, there may be more rain and a rise in sea level. It will affect the growth of plants, animals and people. On a Pacific island, 100 people have to move to higher ground because the sea is rising. These people can no longer live on the coast. Before that, two islands without people went underwater in 1999. Scientists say that the seas can rise by nearly one metre by 2100.
People can affect the earth's air, land and water. As for us, we can do many things to protect the earth. For example, we can use fridges less. We can tell more people about protecting the earth.
The question is: Earth Day is probably set for people to   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:learn more about the earth
B:make full use of the earth
C:take better care of the earth.
D:study the warmth of the earthThere are many clubs in our school. My English is not good. I want to join the English club. Wang Ying wants to learn to paint. So he wants to join the art club. Zhang Ping likes running. He wants to join the running club. Li Nan is good at singing and she wants to join the music club. What club does Han Mei join? Oh, she likes eating and she joins the cooking club.
The question is: Who wants to join the running club?
The possible answers are:
A:Zhang Ping.
B:I.
C:Wang Ying.
D:Li Nan.Wade is my good friend. We study at the same school. At weekends he usually turns on his computer. He sends and gets e-mails to and from his friends back in France. He also gets on the Internet to learn about what is going on in the world. His parents sometimes take him to some places of interest in China. Sometimes I ask him to come over to my home for a weekend. My parents say that they can't understand what we talk about because there are two languages in our talks--Chinese and English. My mother sometimes says to him,"Can you talk to my son in Chinese only,Wade?" He always smiles and answers, "Not today. I'm going to speak good Chinese very soon." He is not good at Chinese and I am weak at English. But we like these talks because we can learn when we are talking.
The question is: Who writes the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:A friend of Wade's
B:A Chinese teacher
C:Wade's parents
D:An English student.I am Tony Smith. I am 12. I am in No.101 Middle School. I'm in Class 2, Grade 7. My oldfriend is Jim Green. He is an English boy. He is twelve, too. He is in my class. He can speakgood Chinese. Jane is in Class 2, too. I think she is a good girl. My Chinese teacher isMr. Wang. His students like him. He is very cool.
The question is: Who is the teacher?
The possible answers are:
A:Mr. Li
B:Mr. Wang
C:Mrs. Wang
D:Miss. WangWhat's a big problem in Shenzhen today, do you think? Besides pollution, traffic is, of course.
There are too many people, too many cars but too little space so the roads are always busy. You can almost see traffic jams everywhere. It is even worse when everyone is going to school or to work. What's more, cars need fuel  to move, so they let out a lot of dirty smoke and pollute the air.
However, the government is trying many ways to solve the problem. We can see more roads and footbridges over the main streets. And the workers are making some roads wider. It is said every car will have a computer. The computer can study the latest traffic news. Then it will look over its own map for the best way to drive and they won't get into traffic jams.
The question is: The roads are always busy because    _   .
The possible answers are:
A:there are too many people and cars but there is too little space
B:there are too many buses, subways and too many taxis
C:they are very narrow and dirty
D:there are too many buildings and there is too little spaceIn this school, most students come from rich families and some of them have famous parents. People from Hollywood sometimes go to Beverly Hills High School to look for future actors.
School life
There are lots of good things about going to this school: There are two theatres, a television studio  and a radio station. The students make TV programmes and films in their drama  classes. The biggest activity of the school year is the school dance.
Travelling to school
In California, children can learn to drive three months before their sixteenth birthday. Lots of students in Beverly Hills High School have their own cars, but they have to pay a lot of money to park  their cars in the school parking area.
What the children think
Most children enjoy going to Beverly Hills High School because it is fun and there is much to do. But some children do not like the school if their parents don't have enough money to buy them a fast car or expensive clothes.
The question is: Lots of students in this school come to school   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:by bike
B:by car
C:by plane
D:on footRick is a good man.He makes birthday cakes in a shop.His cakes are great and have very good prices,so many people buy his cakes.He makes friends with lots of his customers .They all like him very much.One evening.he wants to go home,but many of his old customers come in.Rick smiles to them,"I am sorry.It is late today.If you need cakes,please come tomorrow."One of them takes out a nice cake and says to him,"You make so many great cakes for us.This birthday cake is for you.Happy birthday, Rick."
The question is: His customers give him  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:many cakes
B:a birthday cake
C:some money
D:some fruitTom and Fred are students. They are twelve years old, and they are in the same class in their school. On Monday morning, they have a fight  in class, and their teacher is angry. She says to the boys, "Come here after school this afternoon, and write  your names 1,000 times  ."
After the last class, Tom and Fred are in the classroom with their teacher and write their names. But Fred cries . The teacher looks at him and asks why.
"Because his name is Tom King, and my name is Frederick Hollingsworth," Fred says ," It is bad . I have a very, very long name!"
The question is: The teacher asks them to  _  in the classroom.
The possible answers are:
A:write their names
B:watch TV.
C:have a fight
D:play soccerI am an American boy. My name is Jerry Black. You can call me Jerry. I have a sister, Ginny. We are twins. But we are very different( ). I have a long face with a high nose, and she has a round face with a small nose. I like football. But she likes basketball. I like loud music. She likes light music.
My father is a doctor in a hospital. My mother runs  a clothing shop. We have another family member, Beibei. She is a lovely dog. She will have a puppy soon.
The question is: Which of the following is  _  ?
The possible answers are:
A:Ginny's father runs a clothing shop.
B:Jerry's mother is a doctor in a hospital.
C:the lovely dog will have a puppy soon.
D:Jerry and Ginny are not different.Do you know the game "Rock, paper or scissors"? Maybe you think it's just a simple game for children. But in fact, some adults use it to make decisions and solve their problems. It is also popular in many countries.
There are different stories about the history of the game. But many people believe the game  came from Japan, and Japanese have played it for a long time. Later it came to Europe in the middle of the 18th century. In 1842, England founded the Paper Scissors Stone Club and from then on people could get together to play the game for honor  .
There is even an international club named the World Rock Paper Scissors Club in Toronto. The club makes "Rock, paper or scissors" more and more popular. It holds the world championship   every year. Top players from around the world take part in it and the champion   can get a lot of money and the honor of all the fans of "Rock, paper or scissors".
The question is: What will the champion of this game get?
The possible answers are:
A:A lot of money.
B:The leader of this club.
C:Honor.
D:A and CMy teenage son Karl became withdrawn after his father died. As a single parent, I tried to do my best to talk to him. But the more I tried , the more he pulled away. When his report card arrived during his junior year, it said that he had been absent 95 times from classes. In this way he would never graduate. I sent him to the school adviser, and I even begged him. Nothing worked.
* One night I was at work when I got a phone call. A man introduced himself as a head teacher. " I want to talk to you about Karl's absences ." Before he could say another word I choked up . And said sadly, " I love my son. I've tried everything to get Karl to go back to school and nothing has worked. It's out of my hands." For a moment there was silence on the other end of the line. The head teacher seriously said, " Thank you for your time."
* Karl's next report card showed a marked improvement in his grades. He was even on the list of the best students at school. In his fourth year, I took part in a parent-teacher meeting.I noticed that his teachers were surprised at the way he had turened himself around. On our way home, he said, " Mum, remember that call from the head teacher last year?" I nodded. "That was me. I thought I'd play a joke but I heard what you said, It really hit me how much I was hurting you.That's when I knew I had to make you proud."
, . (5)
The question is: From the passage we can learn that   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:children in single-parent families always have mental problems
B:mother's love is important to teenagers'life
C:parents should give their children everything that they need
D:school education still works well without the support from parentsA very new, young officer was at a station. He was on his way to visit his mother in another town, and he wanted to telephone her to tell her the time of this train , so that she could meet him at the station in her car.He look in all his pockets, but found that he did not have the right money for the telephone, so he went outside and looked around for someone to help him.
At last an old soldier came by, and the young officer stopped him and said, "Have you got change  for ten pence ?"
"Wait a moment, " the old soldier answered. He began to put his hand in his pocket, "I'll see whether I can help you. "
"Don't you know how to speak to an officer?" the young man said angrily. "Now let's start again. Have you got change for ten pence? "
"No, sir," the old soldier answered quickly.
The question is: He looked around for help because he  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:had no money to make the phone call
B:did not know where to make the phone call
C:needed some change for the phone call
D:wanted to get change from the old soldierLife in the 2100s will be very different from life today. Between then and now many changes will take place. What will the changes be?
The population is growing fast. There will be more people in the world and most of them will live longer than people do now.
Computers will be much smaller and more useful, and there will be at least one in every home. And computer studies will be one of the important subjects in schools then.
People will work fewer hours than they do now and they will have more free time for sports, watching TV and traveling. Traveling will be much easier and cheaper. More people will go to other countries on holiday.
There will be changes in our food, too. Maybe no one will eat meat every day. Instead, they eat more fruit and vegetables. Maybe people will be healthier.
Work in the future will be different, too. Dangerous and hard work canl be done by robots, because of this, many people will not have work to do. This will be a problem.
The question is: In the future the computer will be  _
The possible answers are:
A:much bigger and few people will use it
B:much smaller and more useful
C:smaller and not many people will use it
D:bigger and a lot of people will use itIn 1638, John Harvard donated some money and about four hundred books to a new university. This was the beginning of the library at Harvard University. The gift was so important that the university was named for John Harvard.
Thomas Bray began the first free lending library in the late 1600s. He set up more than 30 or these libraries in the American colonies. However, the idea for this kind of free library ended when Bray died in 1730. In 1731, Benjamin Franklin and some friends started the first subscription library in the United States. In a subscription library people pay money to become members, but they may _ the books without paying again.
In the United States, every child had a free education. This idea soon led to free libraries. One of the first libraries that used tax money to buy books was a library in Peterborough, New Hampshire. This library was set up in 1833.
The question is: At the library that Franklin started,   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:children could use books for no money at all
B:people paid a little money in the beginning but none after that
C:people paid a lot of money in the beginning but none after that
D:both A and BHow would we travel without maps? It would be a bit adventurous   to set off from Oxford University to go to London Bridge if there wasn't a map of the London Underground at each station. In fact, a lot of the early map-makers were adventurers and explorers, especially in the 15th and 16th centuries.
So what did people do before there were maps? Well, it was quite easy to use natural signs like mountains and rivers if you were travelling on foot or riding a horse. People took small boats down rivers and followed coastlines. And it was much more logical   to use time, not distance, to measure   journeys: the next village is a three-hour ride, for example.
In fact, in the earliest maps, people didn't draw landmarks. They drew the stars. It was very easy to see the night sky and use it for navigation  . The sky was a lot clearer before the light pollution from cities that we have today. When towns and cities were built, people drew road maps which gave correct distances and directions.
The London Underground was opened in 1863 and it also used a road map style. But a man called Henry Beck realized that travelling by train wasn't the same as driving your car across London. Passengers only needed to know which stations to change at. His new design   for the Underground map wasn't very popular with the train companies at first. But the passengers loved it and in 1933, 700,000 copies were printed.
These days, of course, you can ride a bike, drive a car or go through a forest and know where you are exactly, using a GPS. It's really difficult to get lost!
The question is: What is the main idea of the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:Maps have a long history.
B:We never get lost these days.
C:We can't travel without maps.
D:Henry Beck designed a new map.A student newspaper reports that most students go to sleep at 1:30 am. Even if that's an overstatement  , it's close to the truth. Scientists say teens should sleep nine hours each night. But that's hard. Some are even "pulling all-nighters"  . These students must hand in their homework the next day but they haven't done it. In the morning they don't look healthy and you can tell who's been doing it. One of my classmates did a survey on the topic. She found that most kids pull all-nighters to finish homework, but some do it for other reasons, such as playing computer games!
Maybe our lack  of sleep is because of laziness -- I think I'm a rather lazy student -- or maybe it's because we have too much to do in American high schools. I usually go to bed around midnight. If I stayed up past 1:30 am, I wouldn't get any work done. I'd be falling asleep at my computer. My classes begin at 7:30 am. I'm partly awake in my first class. By the second, I'm a little sleepy. By my third class, I'm sleepy. By midday I'm finally fully awake. But by 3:00 pm, I'm slowing down again. Yet I get more sleep than usual students.
Most American high schools seem to have a similar  problem with sleepy students. High school classes start at 7:30 am, so students have to get up one and a half hours before that to get ready and catch the bus. It's believed that lack of sleep can be bad for both grades and health. Some schools are paying attention. Classes in those schools start at 8:30 am.
The question is: What's the main idea of the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:Something has to be done to solve the problem of students' lack of sleep.
B:Many American high school students are sleepy in class.
C:Many kids have too much homework to do.
D:Students can't play computer games.First, open the lid  (-) and put water, salt, and rice in the pot. Then put the cover on the pot and close the lid. Next, press   the button   for "white" or "brown", and then press the "start" button. Let the rice cook for about 30 minutes. You'll hear a beeping sound when it's finished, but you should wait about five minutes before eating. Finally, take out the pot. Bring it to the table and enjoy your meal.
The question is: How long should you let the rice cook for about?
The possible answers are:
A:Five minutes.
B:Ten minutes.
C:thirty minutes.
D:Thirty-five minutes;,Bruce and Bruno looked worried those days. Their father went to a town far away. Before leaving, he said he would write to them as soon as he found a job there. But two months passed, they did not hear from him. Now they had nothing except the old house and they had no money to buy any food. They thought for a long time. Then they decided to sell the house and look for their father. So one day the two brothers said goodbye to their friends and started to go. They got to the station and bought two tickets.
They were afraid that they would be hungry in the train, so they went to the market to buy something to eat. They saw bananas for the first time. The seller told them the bananas were very delicious, so they bought five kilos and got on the train with them. After a while Bruce brought out a banana and bit  a little. Just at that moment the train went into a tunnel  and it was dark in the train. He was afraid and called out,"Have you taken a bite of your bananas, Bruno?"
"Not yet."
"That's good."Bruce said, crying,"I did and went blind!"
The question is: Bruce and Bruno were worried because  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:their father couldn't find a job in the town..
B:they didn't hear from their father.
C:Their father left them away.
D:They had no money to buy any food.There are many things we need to know that we do not learn at school. For example, if we want to use our money wisely, we need to shop carefully. We need to know how to compare the prices of things in different shops. We need to be able to compare the quality of different brands . We need to know how to make a choice when we shop.
Knowing how to make such choices is a "life skill", and we need these skills if we are to live useful and happy lives.
Some of these choices are small. For example, will I take an apple for lunch or a pear? Will I go to school by bus or on foot? Will I wear the red T-shirt or the blue one to the movies? Other choices are more important. For example, will I eat healthy food for lunch or will eat junk food because it is tastier? Will I work hard in all my classes or will I only work hard in the classes I enjoy? We make choices like this every day.
We have to realize that the choices we make can affect the rest of our lives. Just as importantly, our choices can also affect other people. The next time you decide to waste time in class, play a joke on someone or talk loudly at the movies, think about this: who else does your choice affect?
The question is: We need "life skills"  _
The possible answers are:
A:to know how to shop carefully
B:to compare brands and prices
C:to live useful and happy lives
D:to learn things at schoolPeople are always afraid of making mistakes. But sometimes it's not bad to make mistakes, and here is why.
At first , mistakes are a clear sign that you are trying new things. It's always good to new things, because when you are trying new things your are growing. If you never try new things , how can you improve ? How can you create? The simple answer is, " You can't ." Look around you, everything you see is the result of someone trying new things.
Another good thing about mistakes is this : when your are making mistakes, you are learning. Consider this: Edison failed 10,000 times before he invented the light bulb. When he was asked how he felt to fail that many times, but rather had learned 10,000 things that didn't work.
Finally , when you make a mistake, you are that much closer to success. Why? Because you have said what you should say, and you have done what you should do. Every time you make a mistake, you are closer to success. But it doesn't mean that you can make mistakes without thinking. Instead, when you try new things you have to think them over, so that you can keep away from some unnecessary mistakes.
We shouldn't spend all our time and money on the only one way , but use them correctly. Because our time and money are limited.  
There is an old saying, " If you are not making mistakes, you are not trying hard enough." So go bravely and make mistakes. And learn. And grow. And succeed.
,,. (5,2,10)
The question is: After Edison failed 10,000 times, he   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:gave up
B:invented the light bulb
C:invented the computer
D:invented 10,000 new thingsOne day a rich boy bought a magic mirror  . When he got home, he looked in the mirror. His face looked sad. He tried to smile and make funny faces, his face looked still sad. Then he did many happy things, but his face always looked sad. "Oh, what a terrible mirror! It doesn't work! " he said angrily. The next day on his way to buy some chocolate, he saw a little girl crying sadly. The rich boy went up to her and asked what happened. The little girl said she couldn't find her parents.
"Don't worry. I'll help you," the rich boy said. So they went to look for them together. Finally they found her parents. They were so thankful for his help. After the rich boy arrived home, he looked in the mirror as usual. To his surprise, his face looked very happy. The boy understood the magic of the mirror. The mirror could show the true feelings of its owner. This was true--the rich boy helped that little girl, so he felt really happy.
, .
The question is: What do we know from the story?
The possible answers are:
A:The boy was thankful.
B:The boy was careless.
C:The boy was clever.
D:The boy was helpful.Visiting the forest zoo
Come and see the Indian elephants and the new tigers from Northeast of China. The beautiful birds from England are ready to sing songs for you, and the monkeys from Mount Emei will be happy to talk to you. The lovely dogs from Australia want to laugh at you. Sichuan pandas will play balls for you. The giraffes from Africa   are waiting to look down on you.
Tickets                          Opening time
Grown-ups   : 3 yuan        9:00 a.m.--4:00 p.m. (Monday--Saturday)
Children over 1.4 m : 2 yuan           except   Friday (closed)
Children under 1.4 m : Free           10:00 a.m. --3: 00 p.m. (Sunday)
Keep the zoo clean!
Do not touch , give food or go near to the animals.
The question is: Why does the writer introduce   so many animals from different places to us?
The possible answers are:
A:To frighten us in the zoo.
B:To make us lovely in the zoo.
C:To attract  us to the zoo.
D:To show animals can do everything.The Water World Swimming Pool is open every day from eight o'clock in the morning until half past seven in the evening. It costs two dollars sixty to enter the pool. There is a special cheap price for students with a student card. The price is one dollar forty. But you must bring your student card with you. On Wednesday morning the pool is only open to mothers and babies. So mothers can enjoy themselves in the water with their babies. Please leave your older children at home on Wednesday morning.
The new Water World Cafe will be open up on June 22nd. From the cafe you can watch the swimmers or enjoy a drink after you swim.  Please call 2105369 for more information. We look forward to seeing you at the Water World Swimming Pool.
The question is: How long is the Water World Swimming Pool open every day?
The possible answers are:
A:Eleven hours.
B:Seven hours.
C:Eleven and a half hours.
D:Seven and a half hours.Students learn many subjects at school, like Chinese, English, math and physics. Some students think it's hard to do well in math. They say it's boring. Why do they say this? First, some math problems are so hard for them. They spend a lot of time on them, but they can't work them out, so they lost heart . Second, they are afraid( ) to ask their teachers for help. They think the teachers will laugh at them. Third, they think math class is very tiring because they need to use their brain to find out the answers all the time.
How can you do well in math? Here is some advice from a math teacher:
1. Listen to the teacher carefully in class and do some extra  exercises after class.
2. Ask the teacher for help if you don't understand anything. Don't be afraid.
3. Don't forget to go over   your old lessons.
If you do these things, you will find it much easier to do better in math.
The question is: The advice is from   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:a math teacher
B:an English teacher
C:a student
D:a doctorThere is not enough oil in the world now. As time goes by, it becomes less and less, so what are we going to do when it runs out? Perhaps we will go back to using horses, carriages and bicycles.
In the Second World War, some people didn't use gas made from petroleum  in their cars. They made gas from wood and plants instead. The car didn't go fast, but they ran, so this was better than nothing. However, in the future, we can't cut down all our trees to make gas; we need our trees for other things, too.
Besides different types of gas, we can also use electricity  to run our cars, but first we must make the electricity! Some countries have coal  and they make electricity with that, but we might not always have coal, either. Other countries have big, strong rivers, and they can use the power of water to turn turbines  and make electricity more easily and cheaply.
We are also able to get power from the ocean tides. We put turbines into the mouth of the river. Then the tide comes in, the water turns the turbines and then it goes out, it turns them again.
Which of these ways will be used to run our cars in the future?
The question is: What did some people use to make gas in the Second World War?
The possible answers are:
A:Water.
B:Coal.
C:Wood and plants.
D:Tides.Big Ben is not the name of a man. It is the name of a huge clock in London, London is the capital of the UK. This clock has four faces, so no matter  where you stand, you can read the time on the face of Big Ben. Each face is the size of a double-decker  bus.
The hands are about four meters long. It is about the size of two people standing on top of each other. If you go to London, you may want to visit the House of Parliament . You will find Big Ben sitting at the top of the clock tower  in the House of Parliament. You will hear it as well as  you see it. The big clock makes such a loud sound, "Ding dong, ding dong," it goes every quarter of an hour. A big man gave the clock the name. He was Sir Benjamin Hail. He did much building work in London many years ago,
The question is: The clock strikes  every  _   of an hour.
The possible answers are:
A:ten minutes
B:fifteen minutes
C:thirty minutes
D:forty -five minutesOne of the easiest and cheapest ways to help your health is just to sleep eight hours or more every night, but more and more people in the world are not sleeping enough. According to the World Health Organization, over half the people in the world may be _ . The result of this is not just a lot of tired people; in the United States alone, sleepy drivers cause at least 100,000 car accidents, and 1,500 deaths a year. Problems with sleep can also cause mental   problems, as well as medical problems such as high blood pressure and heart problems.
American culture values work and often doesn't value sleep. In fact, people who sleep a lot are often called "lazy". Many famous men say proudly, "I only have time to sleep four or five hours a night." Students, especially college students, often sleep only a few hours a night. They often say, "I'm used to sleeping only a little."
But according to experts, sleep is like money. If you sleep only five hours a day, you don't "get used to it", but instead, build up a "sleep deficit  ". "It's like a credit card (a card used to buy things or services)," says Dr. James Maas, "You are only borrowing time. You always have to pay it back." The more hours you don't sleep, the more hours you should sleep to "pay back" the hours on your "sleep credit card". For example, if you sleep four hours on Monday and then sleep eight hours on Tuesday, on Wednesday you will still have a "sleep deficit" of four hours. This deficit can continue for months or even years. People with a "sleep deficit" are sleep-deprived. Driving and making decisions can be dangerous for these people.
Another research shows people should sleep nine or ten hours every night. More than half the people in the world may be running a "sleep deficit". You didn't do your homework last night? Maybe you can tell your teacher that you were working hard on your sleep deficit.
"Don't think you will be doing less work because you sleep during the day. That's a foolish idea which is held by people who have no imagination. You will be able to do more," said Winston Churchill.
The question is: From the passage we know sleep-deprived people   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:are easily tired
B:most likely cause traffic accidents
C:can have both mental and medical problems
D:have all the above problemsWhen we have small cuts in the skin , something strange may happen. The cuts are able to heal  themselves in a couple of days. How does this happen? Read on, and you will find out the secret.
Every living thing on the earth is made up of cells . Cells grow and make new cells. Most cells are very small and we can't see them with our eyes. Different cells have different uses. Our skin cells are special ones. The cells on the outside of our skin are old dead cells. New skin cells are right under the outside. These are the living skin cells. They work for our bodies. They help protect our bodies and heal cuts.
Our bodies make skin cells all the time. As the old cells fall off, new cells grow in the same place. Each person makes about 18 kg of skin cells during his or her life. Outside skin cells fit together closely with no _ between them. When you cut yourself, you can harm your skin cells. A small cut will not be harmful. Your skin will quickly heal itself by making new skin cells. How do skin cells work? First, the cells near the cut get bigger and move into the gap. Next, these bigger cells meet in the middle. They form a new layer  of skin cells. Finally, new cells will grow until the gap disappears. In this way, your skin can grow and get well itself. How amazing the small cells are! Next time you have a cut, don't worry about it. Maybe in a few days, you will be surprised to find it healed.
The question is: Which of the following is TRUE according to the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:Each person can make 18 kg of skin cells every day.
B:Different cells have different uses in our bodies.
C:The skin cells have little work to do in the body.
D:Every living thing on the earth is made up of skin cellsA dog can't speak any words, but it can "talk". It has feelings just as you do. Sometimes it may feel angry or afraid. Watch a dog closely, and you can find out how it feels. You can see what it is trying to tell you. When you are afraid, you may look down. When a dog is afraid, it may run away. When you are angry with other people, you stare at   them. An angry dog also stares. Sometimes the hair along its back stands up.
Do you feel guilty  when you do something you shouldn't do? Dogs can feel guilty, too. Sometimes when I come home, my dog gives me a guilty look. Then I know he did something wrong.
Dogs need love and care. Some dogs are very unhappy when they are alone for a long time. Some dogs even snap   if they don't get enough care.
You may have a dog or you may know a dog. Take care of it well if you want to have fun with it. Take it on walks. Don't make it do too many things. Try not to punish   it again and again for doing the same thing. Always remember, a dog has needs and feelings just as you do. Talk to a dog, and it will talk to you.
The question is: When a dog is afraid, it may   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:look down
B:stare
C:bark
D:run awayHow was your Children's Day? What kind of gifts did you get?
Eight third graders in some poor places in Hebei Province got new schoolbags as Children's Day gifts. They were very happy. There were pencils, pens, exercise books and many other school supplies in the schoolbags.
These schoolbags are from students in Beijing Zhongguancun Fourth Primary School. They are in Class 5, Grade 3. They raised money by themselves. They printed out their writings. Their head teacher Mrs Hou helped them to make books. They sold the books at their school to make 800 yuan.
Chen Hongsheng, 9 years old, is one of the students. "We use 800 yuan to buy eight schoolbags at the post office. The post office workers give us a list of the kids. These kids live in poor places. We can choose eight kids by ourselves and post these schoolbags to them," she said very proudly. "These schoolbags are gifts of our class. This summer vacation, I'll send out a schoolbag by myself. I hope the kid with my schoolbag can go to school happily like us in the new term."
The question is: How do the students of Class 5, Grade 3 make 800 Yuan?
The possible answers are:
A:They sold their books.
B:They sold their schoolbags.
C:They asked their teacher for it.
D:They asked their parents for it.Hands play an important part in our daily life. But do you know which of your two hands you use more? Very few people use both hands _ well .Most of us are right-handed. Only about five people out of a hundred are left-handed.  New-born babies can take hold of things with either of their hands, but in about two years they usually use their right hands.  Scientists don't know why this happens.
Monkeys are our close relatives  in the animal world. Scientists have found that monkeys like to use one of their hands more than the other, but it can be either hand. There are as many right-handed monkeys as left-handed ones. Next time you visit a zoo, watch the monkeys carefully, you will see that some of them will use their right hands and others will use their left hands. But most of the people use their right hands better and this makes life difficult for those left-handed people. We live in a right-handed world.
The question is: How many people among 100 people use their left hands better?
The possible answers are:
A:5%.
B:50%.
C:95%.
D:30%When I was in the eighth grade, my teacher asked us to write an article about what we would like to do when we grew up. All I could think of was one sentence I want to help other people! During the years, I met many problems. But I never gave up. I know that to help other people I have to help myself first. I encouraged myself after I experienced failures . Finally .my dream really came true. I found a part-time job in a charity. I began to spend my days doing things for people. I have a happy life. That doesn't mean that this kind of life is easy, or that my work is always enjoyable. I an happy because I an doing what I want to do.
What do you want to do? Write it down now. If you don't know, you can ask yourself, "What would I do if this was the last day of my  life ?" Then write down the first thing that comes to your mind, no matter  how silly or impossible it is. If you have an answer, you will know what your dream is.
The question is: Which of the following is TRUE?
The possible answers are:
A:The writer never have experienced failures in his dream
B:The writer could encourage himself when he's in trouble
C:Everyone could make his dream true if he has an idea
D:No one can make his dream true"Now, children," she said. "Do any of you ever make someone else glad?"
"Yes, teacher," said a small boy. "I made someone glad yesterday."
"Well done. Who was that?"
"My granny."
"Good boy. Now tell us how you made your grandmother glad. "
"Yes, teacher. I went to see her yesterday, and stayed with her for three hours. Then, I said to her: "Granny, I' m going home," and she said: "Well, I' m glad!"
The question is: We can infer from the end of the story that  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:the boy was very naughty
B:the boy did a lot to make granny glad
C:granny had a good time with the boy
D:granny hoped to stay longer with the boyDo you know how to study better? Let me give you some advice about studying. First, don't put off   studying. Many students do that. Then they have to cram   the night before the exam. In fact you need good study habits and study a little every day. This way, you will prepare   better for the exams. Second, plan _ into your study time. For example, if you read 20 pages of the book, you can play one computer game. But only one. Third, stay in a quiet place and turn off your mobile phone. Then you can put your heart into your study. Last, believe it or not, sleeping is part of studying. It can help you learn better. Try to sleep more than eight hours a night. Take the advice, and you will study better.
The question is: What does "  _  " mean in the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:Exercise after studying.
B:Do something you like.
C:Cram the night before exam.
D:Turn off your phone.Yang Yunjing is a tour guide volunteer in Tibet.  She went there five times as tour guide . Her parents and friends couldn't understand why she chose the hard work. But facing all the confusion( ), Yang just smiled and said, "Tibet is full of charm ."
When Yang finished her studies at the university three years ago, she had two choices: being an exchange student in Germany, or volunteering for Tibet. Finally, she chose the latter . Her father said, " I'll support(  ) you. But no matter what happens, you have to face it on your own."
When Yang went to Tibet for the first time, she got a " gift" -- altitude sickness( ). She had to be in hospital, but she didn't tell her parents about it. During her volunteer work, she did a great job because she worked very hard.
One day when she returned to her room at night, she got a call from another tour guide volunteer. She told her that a woman of the group was badly hurt when climbing the mountains. Hearing that, Yang went to the hospital quickly and decided to stay there and look after the woman.
Yang learnt a lot from the volunteer experience." As long as I think of the sky there, I can laugh it off, no matter what difficulties I may meet," she said.
The question is: Which of the following is Not true according to the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:Yang Yunjing didn't tell her parents about her sickness.
B:Yang Yungjing went to Tibet four times as a tour guide.
C:Yang Yunjing's father agreed with her about her choice.
D:Yang Yunjing once went to the hospital to look after a tourist at night.I'm Cindy. Today is January 20th. It's my birthday. I get up at 7:30am. My parents say"Happy birthday!" to me.
Today I get lots of gifts  from my parents and my friends. My father gives me a book. My mother gives me a blue skirt. Ben, one of my good friends, gives me a basketball. There is a green note on my table. It says," I'm your gift, and I'm behind your schoolbag." Aha, it's a radio! It's from my brother, Jim.
I'm a very happy girl. I love my family and my friends very much.
The question is: Ben gives Cindy  _   as a birthday gift.
The possible answers are:
A:a basketball
B:a radio
C:a skirt
D:a schoolbagIs your TV connected to the Internet? What about your chair,or your fridge? Probably they are not. But in the future, most things in your home may be connected, thanks to the so-called "Internet of things".
The Internet of things may be coming sooner than you think. Earlier this year, A Samsung CEO spent a lot of time talking about the Internet things. He said that five years from now,every Samsung product will be part of the Internet of things,no matter whether it's a remote control or a washing machine.
So, how do household  objects that are part of the Internet of things work? Well,think of a common chair. When connected to the Internet, the chair warms up when it knows the user has just walked into the room and is feeling cold.
An Internet-connected camera could help people feel safer in their homes. It can know people's faces and has an infrared sensor ,so even if it's dark it can see when someone passes by and send you a message on your smartphone to let you know who's there. If the person is someone you don't know,it can tell you that ,too.
But according to MIT Technology Roview, whether companies are connecting dog food bowls or security systems to the Internet, there may be some problems. For example, many early connected-home objects don't have much built-in security, which means they could be hacked . Morever, it could be difficult to get these new machines to work together especially when they are made by different companies. To fight this ,many companies have joined the Open Interconnect Consortium, which had 45 menbers by late 2014.
So, picture this: you enter your home.The temperature changes to make you feel comfortable. Your favorite music starts playing for you. Do you think that this would be a good thing? I t may happen sooner than you think.
The question is: Which of the following can support the idea "how will household objects connected to the Internet work?"
The possible answers are:
A:A warm chair connected to the Internet
B:Dog food bowls connected to the Internet
C:A remote comtrol made by the Samsung Company
D:An Internet-connected camera with an infrared sensor.Happy Farm is an online game. It is very popular among people in China. The game offers you a piece of empty land and some seeds   at first. You are like the farmer. If your land is small, you can spend some money to make it big. And you must harvest your things on the farm on time, or some other farmers will steal your fruits, vegetables, milk, eggs and so on. Of course, you can steal theirs. If you want to make money, you must sell your things out.
Some Chinese websites have offered this game to its users. So far, it is said that about 16 million Chinese people are playing this game. Some people were so crazy   that they even get up in the midnight to harvest their crops and steal others'.
Happy Farm brings happiness to people. It is really a fascinating game. But it also brings many problems. It is reported that a baby died in a hospital just because the doctor didn't give him timely treatment. Do you know what the doctor was doing? He was playing Happy Farm! There are many stories like this.
The question is: According to this passage, what is very popular in China?
The possible answers are:
A:The farmer
B:Happy Farm
C:The Chinese website
D:The DoctorAccording to a new survey, students' safety has become a big problem. Now in some cities of China, many schools start a new lesson: self -- protection. Students like this lesson because there are no exams or boring classes. And they can leam how to save lives and know how to stop danger before it happens.
Lin Li, a teacher from Yantai, gives young students some advice on how to deal with danger
If you are in a traffic accident
If a car hits you, you should remember the car number. If you get badly hurt, you should call l20. If it is a bicycle, try to call your parents before you let the rider go. This is because you don't know how seriously you are hurt.
 If it is raining hard and there is lightning  
Don't stay in high places or turn on the TV. Don't use the phones. Keep away from trees.
When there is a fire
Get away as fast as you can. Put wet things on your body and try to find an exit. Don't take the lift.
 If someone is drowning  
If you can't swim, don't get into water. Cry out for help.
If you are robbed  
Keep calm. If you can not cry for help or run away, give the robber your money. Try remember what the robber looks like and tell the police.
Remember that danger is never as far away as you think. Protect yourself at all times !
The question is: The writer wants to tell you how to   _   .
The possible answers are:
A:keep calm
B:run away
C:protect yourself
D:keep away from a fireWhat will the house of the future look like? Could it have gardens on its walls, or a pool with fish for dinner? Architects believe that they are all possibilities. The only thing for sure is that the houses will be as green as possible.
The tree house
Many architects in the world would like to build a "tree house." Like a leaf, the surface of the house collects sunlight during the day. The energy can be used to heat water, produce electricity, and even create fresh air for the home. The "root"   of the house is deep under the ground. It uses the soil   to the home's temperature.
The Lizard house
Like a lizard  , changing color with the weather is the most important design of a lizard house. When it's in the bright sun, the cover of the house will turn dark to protect it from strong heat. During dark days, it turns white and takes in as much light and heat as possible to produce energy.
Meals at home
This design is perhaps as much about the future of food production as architecture  . It has gardens on the outside wall of the house. People can plant tomatoes, carrots and green tea on them. So every day in the morning, you just need to walk outside and collect your meals.
Learning from the past
Looking to the future isn't the only way to be green. Sometimes, ancient techniques   can also help cut down energy use. For example, a chimney   can be a useful air conditioner because it is easier of hot air to flow out at the chimney.
,A, B, C, D.
The question is: What will happen to the cover of the lizard house when it's in the bright sun?
The possible answers are:
A:It will take in light.
B:It will produce energy.
C:It will turn dark.
D:It will turn white.Bringing a giraffe into the world is _ . A baby giraffe is born 10 feet high and usually lands on its back. Within seconds it rolls over its legs under its body. Then the mother giraffe rudely introduces its children to the reality  of life.
In his book,A View from the Zoo, Gary Richmond describes how a new-born giraffe learns its first lesson.
The mother giraffe lowers her head long enough to take a quick look. Then she puts herself directly over her child. She waits for about a minute, and then she does the most unreasonable  thing. She throws her long leg and kicks her baby, so that it's sent sprawling .
When it doesn't get up, the process is repeated again and again. The struggle to rise is important. As the baby giraffe grows tired, the mother kicks it again. Finally, it stands for the first time on its shaky  legs. Then the mother giraffe kicks it off its feet again. Why? She wants it to remember how it got up. In the wild, a baby giraffe must be able to get up as quickly as possible to stay with its group, where there's safety.
Another writer named Irving Stone understood this. He spent a lifetime studying greatness, writing stories about such men as Michelangelo, Vincent van Gogh, Sigmund Freud, and Charles Darwin.
Stone was once asked if he had found something that runs through the lives of all these great people. He said, "I write about people who sometime in their life have a dream of something. They're beaten over the head, knocked down and for years they get nowhere. But every time they stand up again. And at the end of their lives they've realized some small parts of what they set out  to do ."
The question is: Which of the following statements is True according to the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:This passage is a description of giraffes' living habits.
B:Baby giraffes can't stand up until three months old.
C:Irving Stone spent a lifetime studying and writing stories about great people.
D:The great people can't stand up after they're knocked down for years.Dear editor,
I live in a beautiful city. Many visitors come to my city every year because there are so many colorful peacocks   here.
The peacocks mostly live on the grassland of Dongfeng Square. Visitors usually throw food to them, but they don't think about at all whether the food is good or not. Some of the peacocks became ill, and some even died eating the bad food given by visitors.
I'm sure most of the visitors who throw food to the peacocks really like the bird, but they don't realize that they may be doing them harm  . Visitors should be told that what they have done is harmful to the birds, and this kind of thing must be stopped.
Perhaps we can build some small shops beside Dongfeng Square to sell peacock food. For us every person, it is our duty to give more love to these beautiful birds to look after them carefully.
Yours,
Wang Yang
The question is: Many visitors come to the writer's city every year to   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:give peacocks food
B:see peacocks
C:do some shopping
D:travelMany of us don't pay attention to the importance of eye care. It's said that if you take care of your body, then you can be healthy. That is why our eyes should be given a lot of care. Natural eye care should be put in a number one place.
There are several causes leading to poor eyesight like not enough food, gene  and aging . Televisions, computers and reading are also the causes of having poor eyesight.
If you happen to work in front of the computer, it is best to take a rest every once in a while. Something dirty can cause redness and they will make you feel uncomfortable. It is bad for your eyes, too. If this happens, the best way is to clean your eyes by using cold water. You must also try your best to protect your eyes from harmful thing. For example, sunglasses are not just fashion but they can also serve as a great way to protect your eyesight from _ .
Eating healthy foods will do good to your eyesight. Remember that vitamins  A, C and E are good for eyes. Try to eat food groups that have these vitamins. And you should do eye exercises because exercise protects your eyesight, too. If a person exercises regularly  and eats the right kind of food, his eyes will stay in good condition for a long time.
All above are natural ways of eye care that help us keep healthy eyes. Being happy all the time can be helpful to a person's eyesight, too. In a word, eye care is very important, no matter how old a person is.
,.
The question is: _   is the most important way to protect our eyes.
The possible answers are:
A:Natural eye care
B:Taking medicine
C:Seeing the doctor
D:Being happy all the timeMrs Smith is going shopping with her son.They are looking for presents for Mr Smith's birthday.They drive to the shop mall on Baker Street.
Mrs Smith goes to the Electrical Shop on the third floor. When the woman gets to the counter,she finds the camera she wants to buy is sold  out.She finds another kind of camera,but it is too expensive.Then she finds a compact camera. That is a small camera.There is a discount on it.but she does not know if her husband likes it.So she decides   not to buy that one.
Tom goes to the Men's Clothing Shop on the first floor.The boy is looking for a jumper for his father.He has only $ 10 in his pocket and it's not enough.Then he waits for his mother to come.At last,they buy the jumper for Mr Smith.
The question is: What do they want to buy for Mr Smith at first?
The possible answers are:
A:A camera.
B:A jumper.
C:A camera and a jumper.
D:They don't decide.It seems that there's a good reason why dogs are always seen as man's best friend. Scientists have found that dogs are the only animals that can read emotion in faces much like humans. The finding suggests that like an understanding friend, dogs can see if we are happy, sad, pleased or angry.
When humans look at a new face, their eyes usually look across the left, falling on the right hand side of the person's face first. A possible reason for this is that the right side of the human face is better at expressing emotions.
Scientists have now shown that pet dogs also have "left gaze bias ", but only when looking at human faces. No other animal has been known to do like this before. Dr. Kun Guo showed 17 dogs pictures of human, dog and monkey faces as well as something else with his team. The dogs' eyes and heads show a strong left gaze bias when the animals see human faces. But this did not happen when they were shown other pictures, including those of dogs.
Guo suggests that over thousands of years living with humans, dogs may have developed the left gaze bias as a way to guess our emotions.
"Recent studies show that the right side of our faces can express emotions better than the left. If  true, then it makes sense for dogs and humans to see the right hand side of a face first."
The question is: Why are dogs seen as man's best friend according to the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:Because dogs are the closest animals to humans.
B:Because dogs can read the emotions in humans' faces easily.
C:Because dogs can understand us better when we feel sad.
D:Because dogs are good at expressing emotions.Susan, the US
My best friend is Fanny. She is clever and interesting. We always look after each other. The first week we met, I got sick and she looked after me every day.
Betty, England
My best friend's Ana. She is honest and serious. We were born in the same city in England. Then I moved to America with my family. I thought I would never see Ana again. When I went to college in New York,, Ana and I shared the same room!
Ken, Japan
I love to spend time with Daisuke because he is funny and smart. We enjoy talking about the funny things we did when we were children , and tell the same stupid jokes over and over again.
Lily , Australia
Linda is very confident girl and she is really kind. Some people may wonder why Linda and I are best friends because we are totally different, but I think this is why we are such good friends.
The question is: Who is Susan's best friend?
The possible answers are:
A:Ana
B:Fanny
C:Linda
D:DaisukeFood,  Drink &
Refreshment
Relax and unwind in our new state of the Loch Ness Eatery. Whether you are looking for a snack or a full meal we can provide almost anything to suit everyone. We will be ready for helping you at all times.
 Fresh Tea. Coffee, Hot Chocolate etc.
 Good choice of Home Baking and Cake
 Home Made Soup and Sandwiches.
 Sweets and Soft Drinks
 Packed to aches for those who prefer a picnic.
 Seating for over 150 visitors.
Tel:  +44(0)1456 450321
Web: www.lochness.com
The question is: At the loch Ness Eatery, visitors can   _
The possible answers are:
A:book comfortable room
B:have a picnic
C:cook for themselves
D:get a good relaxationAn old lady went to the shop last Sunday. She passed a bank and saw a car near the door. A man got out of it and went into the bank. She looked into the car. The keys were in the lock .
The old lady took the keys and followed the man into the bank. The man took a gun out of the pocket and said to the clerk, "Give me all the money." But the old lady didn't see this. She went to the man and put the keys in his hand and said, "Young man, you are foolish. Never leave your keys in your car. Someone is going to steal it. " The man looked at the old lady for a few seconds. Then he looked at the clerk. He took the keys, ran out of the bank, got into his car and drove away quickly without any money.
The question is: Last Sunday, an old woman   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:had nothing to do
B:went out for a walk
C:went to buy something
D:went to see the manA farmer who lived in a small village had a bad pain in the chest. This never seemed to get any better. The farmer decided that he would go to see a doctor in the nearest town. But as he was a miserly  person, he thought he would find out how much he would have to pay the doctor. He was told that a sick person had to pay three pounds for the first visit and one pound for the second visit. The farmer thought about this for a long time, and then he decided to go to the doctor in the town.
As he came into the doctor's room, he said, "Good morning, doctor. Here I am again." The doctor was a little surprised. He asked him a few questions, checked his chest and then took the pound which the farmer insisted on giving him. Then the doctor said with a smile, "Well, sir, there's nothing new. Please go on taking the same medicine I gave you the first time you came to see me."
The question is: How many pounds did a sick person have to pay the doctor in the town for two visits?
The possible answers are:
A:Four.
B:Three.
C:One.
D:Two.Sports are important in English life. The people of England are sports lovers. Some of the world's famous sports began here such as football and cricket.
Football is a game played in winter and early spring. Lots of people play football in parks or playgrounds just for fun. With hundreds of year's history, it is one of the most important sports in England. The English love football very much and they turned most of their main players into famous persons. David Beckham and Bobby Charlton became heroes for many children. The most interesting part of the English football year is the FA(Football Association) Cup Final each May.
The question is: According to the passage, the FA(Football Association) Cup Final is in   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:each April
B:each June
C:each May.
D:each AugustHello.I am Chinese.My name is Wang Fei.I am thirteen.I am in No.5 Middle School in Nanjing.This is my friend.His name is Tony Green.He is an English boy.He is twelve.He and I are in the same class.Our classroom is next to the teachers' office.We have Chinese and English lessons every day.Our English teacher is Mr. Read.He is English but he can speak Chinese,too.Our Chinese teacher is Mr. Ding.They are good teachers,and they are our friends.too.
The question is: Tony Green   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:has a Chinese friend ill England
B:is in all English school now
C:is Wang Fei's English teacher
D:has a Chinese friend in China nowA father and his little son are going home. The boy is five years old. He is interested in(---) all kinds of things and he is always asking questions.
"What's the meaning  of the word 'drunk '?" asks the boy.
"Well, my son," his father answers. "Look, there are two policemen. To a drunk man's eyes, there are four."
"But, Dad, there is only one policeman."
The question is: The father and his little son are   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:watching TV
B:having supper
C:going home
D:going to the marketWhat will you do if you get five million ? Different people give different answers.  Sally  If I get five million, I want to do business. I will do a lot of things for my family. For me nothing is more important than my family. I will buy a new house for them and travel around the world.
Joe   If I have five million, I will use the money to do everything I like. First, I will use two million to open my own shop. And I will use another two million to buy some new houses. In the future, the houses which I buy will become more expensive, and I will sell them to other people. Finally, I will use one million to buy some presents for my family and my best friends.
Anna   If I have five million, I will put three million in the bank and spend two million. I will visit Paris, London and New York. I will eat delicious food, play games, and build a house with a swimming pool.
Jack  I will buy an island if I have five million. Then I will be the king of the island. I will invite my friends to my island.
,.
The question is: Where will Anna visit if she gets five million?
The possible answers are:
A:China and Japan.
B:London, Paris and New York.
C:London, Paris and Belgium.
D:Angola, Cuba and India.I'm Lucy. I'm 14 years old. I come to China this year. Now I'm in Beijing International Middle School. I like animals . I think they're my good friends. When I go to school this morning, I meet a man with a cage  . Five birds are in it .
" How do you get these birds?" I ask .
" I give them some food . When they come to eat it , I get them ." The man says .
" They are too poor . Why do you get them ?" I ask the man .
" It's very interesting !" The man says .
" I need to do something ." I think . I want to help the birds .
" Can I buy them ?" I ask .
" Well ," he says , "Give me 50 yuan and your jacket ."
I don't want to give my jacket to him because I like it very much . But for these birds I do it .
The man gives me the cage. Then I let the birds fly out   of the cage . I am happy to do that .
The question is: Which is NOT true according to the passage.?   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:Lucy is a student.
B:Lucy likes animals.
C:Lucy sells the birds.
D:Lucy helps the birds.Peter is thirteen years old. He is in Grade Two this year. He likes to play soccer and watch soccer games. And he often reads newspapers. He does his best to know when and where there is going to be a soccer game. Now Peter is having lunch. He is listening to the radio, too. He is very happy because there is going to be a nice soccer game on TV at four this afternoon. He wants to watch it very much. But he is going to have English and Chinese classes. He thinks hard and wants to find a way.
"Hello, Mrs. Black," Peter says to his teacher on the telephone, "Peter is ill in bed. He wants to ask for half a day's leave (  )."
"Oh, I'm sorry to hear that." says Mrs. Black, "But who's that?"
"It's my father, Mrs. Black."
The question is: Which sentence is NOT right?  _
The possible answers are:
A:Mrs. Black is going to take Peter to see a doctor .
B:Peter isn't an honest (  ) boy.
C:Peter is a 13-year-old boy.
D:Peter wants to watch TV at four in the afternoon.M: Hi, Ann! Tomorrow will be August 1st. When is your holiday going to start?
W: Very soon. I'm going to leave the day after tomorrow.
M: How long are you going to be away?
W: About two weeks.
M: Where are you going?
W: I'm going to the beach this time.
M: Are you going to stay alone?
W: No. I will stay in a hotel with my friends.
M: Oh, good. It's hard to find a place to stay at the beach in August.
W: That's right. And in a few days, I will swim every day, play beach ball, lie in the sun and just take it easy.
M: Don't tell me about that. It sounds so great!
W: What about you, John? Where are you going to spend your holiday?
M: I don't know. I should think about it.
The question is: Is it easy to find a place to stay at the beach in August?
The possible answers are:
A:Yes, it is.
B:No, it isn't.
C:No, it won't.
D:Yes, it will.From diaries to blogs, we're all used to recording our lives with words.
So why not take those words one step further? It's a great hobby that can produce something as simple as a 17-word poems, or as _ as a 900-page novel. All you need is just a pen and a notebook.
Types of Writing
You can jump into any type of creative writing-novels, poems, or something else. Start wherever you feel most inspired, and try a few different forms to see what you like. You can also plan a children's book, write a song,  or just write pages in your diary.
Actually Writing
Creative writing is a skill. If you own natural talents for writing,  that's great!  If not,  you can improve yourself by writing something every clay, even if it's just a few words. 100words. com and 750words. com can help you reach the goal.
Getting Inspiration 
No inspiration is one of the biggest problems that beginning writers face, and it can be hard to find until you know how to look. So, you have to practice looking. Look for the beauty in everyday life, start by reading everything, and see where it takes you.
Really, just start writing. Get your thoughts on paper, express yourself, and have fun--because that's what creative writing is all about. As Ray Bradbury, the famous American writer said, "May you live with hysteria ,and out of it make fine stories.
The question is: From the end of the passage we can learn that  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:we can't put our thoughts into the writing
B:writing is a way to feel bored without fun
C:Ray Bradbury used to be the greatest writer
D:fine stories are from our happy or hard lifeMichael wanted to make some money to buy a new computer game, but he did not know how. So he went to ask his brother Greg for help.
"I think you could help to wash Mom's and Dad's cars," Greg said, "Some of the neighbors could pay you to wash theirs, too. It's getting colder and no one wants to wash the cars themselves."
Michael agreed, but he shivered at the thought of washing cars and getting wet in cold weather."Maybe this isn't a good idea."
"Don't worry," Greg said. "I have some golf gloves .You can use them to wash cars. and I will even help you to  wash the cars.""Thank you!"Michael said.
After spending the day washing cars, Michael got enough money and went to the store with Greg. He found the game he wanted quickly, but as he took it off the shelf he saw a golf video game next to it. He knew Greg loved golf and wouldn't play golf in winter, so he put his game back and decided to buy the golf video game.
"What are you doing?" Greg asked. "I thought this game would be more fun." said Michael. "We can play it together."
The question is: For what purpose did Michael want to make money?
The possible answers are:
A:To help support his family.
B:To buy a gift for his Mom.
C:To buy a new computer game.
D:To buy some golf gloves.Recently, an Internet game has become a new fashion among young office workers and students. People can "farm" on a piece of "land" and "grow", "sell" or even "steal vegetables", "flowers" and "fruits" on the Net. They can earn some e-money and buy more "seeds", "pets" and even "houses".
Joyce interviewed some young people. Here are their opinions:
Harold: I don't quite understand why they are so mad about the childish game. Maybe they are just not confident enough to face the real world.
Allan: I enjoy putting some "bugs" in my friends' gardens and we've become closer because of the game. Having fun together is the most exciting thing about it.
Laura: You know, people in the city are longing for the life in the countryside. It reduces my work pressure . Besides, it gives me the exciting experience of being a "thief".
Ivy: Well, it's just a waste of time. Teenagers playing the game spend so many hours on it that they can not focus on  their study.
The question is: Among the people Joyce interviewed,   _   likes the game while  _  dislikes the game.
The possible answers are:
A:Laura; Allan
B:Allan; Harold
C:Harold; Ivy
D:Ivy; AllanWhen you walk into the small Australian town of Coober Pedy, you may be surprised by what you can see. It's just barren   land there!
So why even call it a town? There are more than 4,000 people of 48 nationalities. However, all of the people live underground!
Coober Pedy was established  in 1915, following the discovery of opals  . The town is sometimes called the "opal capital of the world," because it is the largest opal mining area in the world.
Due to a desert climate  , people came to realize that while working under the ground was easy, living above it was not. The solution was to move underground, by changing old mines into homes and establishing the world's first and most likely, only underground town.
As years have gone by, the homes have become bigger. There are now also some hotels for tourists. They come from all over the world just to see this unusual town. Coober Pedy is probably best known for its unique style  of underground living.
While the structures  may be located underground, they are in no way worse than those that lie above. Not only do their walls have the color of beautiful red, but also the structures have all the modern equipment like walk-in closets, modern kitchens and televisions. And the town also has gift shops selling opal jewelry, a couple of museums and even a church!
Besides, Coober Pedy is also a favourite among filmmakers. And it has appeared in a series of movies such as Pitch Black, Red Planet and Opal Dream.
The question is: We know from the passage that Coober Pedy    _   .
The possible answers are:
A:is a small town with 400 people
B:was established before the year 1915
C:is famous for its desert climate
D:was established after opals were discoveredThe cows of Cobblonia Kingdom lived in a large field. This field had a lot of rich and green grass. There was water on three sides and a cliff to the east. The cliff was as tall as the sky and as steep as a wall.
On the top of the cliff lived a very special cow. All the other cows called him "Ma Moomia May" It meant "The Wise One" in the old language. Nobody knew much about him, and nobody ever asked anything about him, except for one cow.
His name was Randy, but all the other cows called him "Muckamoo Mee". It meant "The Annoying One". Randy never stopped asking questions. He woke up with many new questions to ask his parents every morning.
"Why is the sky blue?" Randy asked his dad.
"Nobody knows," said Randy's dad.
"Then how do we know it won't be yellow or red tomorrow?" Randy asked another question.
"I can't spend all day answering your questions, Randy why don't you go and play in the stream?"
He did so.
"How does the grass grow?" Randy asked his mom the next day.
B(510)
The question is: There was   _   around  the field.
The possible answers are:
A:a lot of rich and green grass
B:water
C:a cliff
D:water on three sides and a cliff to the east.Mrs Mark: I got what I wanted that day. My son gave me a book of poems. He wrote it himself. My daughter bought a scarf for me and wrote me a Mother's Day card. They also made me bread for breakfast. My husband took us to the movies.
Mrs Judy: _ However, I was wrong. My husband gave me a day off! He did the dishes, took care of the children and played with them. In the evening, he took us out for a delicious dinner. They gave me 4 hours of computer playtime. I felt very warm.
Mrs Jane: My one-year-old son and I went to my mother's house on Mother's Day. After a nice lunch, we spent half the day driving. When we got home, my husband made me dinner. He set up a picnic on the living room floor. It was with candles, cold wine and Mother's Day cards from both him and our son, Jackson. It was a very nice Mother's Day for me!
Choose the best answers(, A,B, CD) 5%
The question is: The third passage told us that the mother   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:had a few children.
B:celebrated her first Mother's Day happily
C:went to visit her sister with her son
D:had to make dinner for the family after she got homeIn September 2013, the China National  Tourism  Administration issued a new set of tourist guideline in order to improve tourists' behavior when they travel abroad.  Although the 64-page  handbook  contains  suggestions for Chinese tourists when traveling at home, the main purpose is to improve the poor reputation of Chinese tourists abroad.
In 2013, more than 83 million Chinese people traveled overseas, up 18 percent from the year 2012, according to  the  China  Tourism  Academy. But  even as they travel farther, the Chinese tourists continue to take bad habits with them.  From damaging ancient Egyptian temples to letting children defecate in the  middle  of airports,   Chinese tourists have earned a bad fame. Chinese Vice-Premier Wang Yang even  stressed  the  need for Chinese tourists to behave better while traveling overseas so as to protect China's image abroad.
Now with the latest "guidebook", Chinese travelers should have no excuse for rude behavior. According to the guidelines, when using the restroom,  Chinese tourists are asked not to forget to flush the toilet after using it.
The guidelines also remind tourists of not fighting with others  when they want to take pictures at tourist attractions. When flying, the guidelines advise  travelers  not to take life vests away from airplanes.
Chinese tourists are also encouraged to be respectful of local customs wherever they travel.  In the United Kingdom, for example, it is not polite to ask people. Where are you going?" or "Have you eaten?", the handbook says.
Nevertheless, with a very short history of traveling overseas, it is not surprising that many Chinese tourists behave badly on their foreign trips. We should give them time to change.
,.
The question is: Why is it not surprising for some Chinese tourists to behave badly abroad?
The possible answers are:
A:They can't speak foreign languages.
B:They don't get trained before traveling abroad.
C:They don't understand local people and culture.
D:China has a very short history of overseas travel.Many daily American expressions are based (......) on colours.
Red is a hot colour. Americans often use it to represent heat. When they say "red-hot", that means they are very angry about something. Loud music is popular with many people. Some may say that such music is red-hot.
Pink is a lighter kind of red. People sometimes say "I'm in the pink" when they are in good health. The expression was first used in America at the beginning of the 20th century. It probably comes from the fact that many babies are born with a nice pink colour that shows that they are in good health.
Blue is a cool colour. The old Blues music in the United States is the opposite of red-hot music. Blues is slow and sad. Someone who is "blue" is very sad.
The colour green is natural for trees and grass. But it is an unnatural colour for humans. A person who has an upset stomach may say "I'm feeling a bit green". A person on a boat who is feeling very sick from high waves can be said "look very green". Sometimes a person may be very jealous because he does not have anything as nice as someone has, like a fast new car. That person may say "I'm green with envy". Some people are green with envy because someone has more dollars or "greenbacks". Dollars are called greenbacks in American slangs because that is the colour of the bottom of their bank notes.
The colour black is used often in expressions. People may say "it's a black day" when everything goes wrong on that day.
In some cases, colours describe a situation. _ were common during the World War II. All the lights in a city were turned off at night to make it difficult for enemy planes to find their aims in the dark.
The question is: We describe a day on which everything goes wrong as   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:a red day
B:a green day
C:a pink day
D:a black dayDear Kitty:
News! We have a new flat! The rooms are small, but they are comfortable. There are more rooms here than in our old flat. This is good because now I have my own room. In the old flat, I share with my sister.
My bedroom is my favourite room in our flat. I can be alone in it. I can read or draw. I can listen to my radio or play CDs. I can play games on my computer and send e-mails to my friends.
My second favorite room is the kitchen. I love helping my mother cook our meals. She is a very good cook. She is teaching me how to make many different kinds of dishes. She lived in Morocco when she was a girl, and she can cook Moroccan food. It's very delicious. That's all for now.
Write soon and tell me about your home. Please get on the Internet so that we can send e-mails to each other.
All good wishes!
Anna
The question is: What is the difference between the old flat and the new one?
The possible answers are:
A:The rooms in the new flat are big.
B:The rooms in the old flat were smaller.
C:There are more rooms in the new flat.
D:There are more rooms in the old flat.Amy: Excuse me, Jill.
Jill:  Yes, what can I do for you?
Amy: Did you see two persons pass from here? I want to take photos with them.
Jill:  Can you describe what they look like?
Amy: Yes, they are one boy and one girl. The girl is very beautiful. quite thin and has long hair. And that boy is also very tall. He is about 1.98 meters tall. He has big eyes and  short black hair.
Jill:  You mean Sun Yang, the famous swimming player? And he wears a pair of sunglasses?
Amy: Quite right. He stays in Shaoxing these days for swimming. Did you see them?
Jill:  Yes, they passed here 10 minutes ago. If you go quickly, You can _ them. 
Amy: I will do that. Goodbye. Thanks a lot.
Jill:  Goodbye.
The question is: What does Amy want to do?
The possible answers are:
A:She wants to say hello to the boy and the girl.
B:She wants to tell them an interesting story.
C:She wants to catch up with them.
D:She wants to take photos with them.What's going to happen in the future? Will robots control our planet? Will computers become smarter than us? Not likely. But here are some things that scientists say are most likely to happen in 10 to 30 years from now, according to the BBC.2-1-c-n-j-y
Digital money
We used to pay with cash for everything we bought. Now when we use a credit card to shop online, money is spent without us seeing it. That means we are already using digital money. Using a card is much easier than searching our pockets for change. It is also safer than carrying a lot of cash.
When ATM cards were first introduced, they were not accepted everywhere. But now it's hard to live without them. It's reported that people in Sweden completely stopped using cash last year, and the US might be next.
Bionic eye
It's no longer something only in a science fiction movie. People who are blind may have a chance to get their sight back--by wearing bionic eyes.
A blind eye can no longer sense light, but a bionic eye can use a camera to "see" the environment and send data to the mind. Now the bionic eye only allows patients to see lights and unclear shapes. A high resolution image could be just a few years away.
Self-driving cars
Unlike a human driver, a self-driving car won't get distracted by phone call, the radio or something outside the window. Sensors and cameras on the car would allow it to stick reduce the number of road accidents. You could even take a nap while the car driver itself.
Many vehicle companies are now planning self!driving cars. "By 2040, driverless vehicles will be widely accepted and possibly be the dominant vehicles on the road," said Jeffrey Miller, professor at the University of Alaska Anchorage, US.
The question is: Which of the following can be predicted from the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:There would be a number of self-driving
B:The blind could use cameras to see things around.
C:We would live a hard life with digital money.
D:Robots would control the world.Teenager Jake Deham was skiing  with his family in the USA when he fell over and lost one of his skis.His family didn't know that he had a problem.They kept on skiing.When they got to the foot of the mountain,there was no sign of Jake.
Jake couldn't find his ski anywhere.In the end,he decided to take off his other ski and walk down the mountain.But he couldn't work out the right way to go.
It was now getting dark and he was a long way from any place of safety.He knew that he might die that night in the cold temperatures.But Jake kept calm .At home,Jake watched a lot of programmes about living in difficult situations.He remembered the advice from these programmes and knew that he should build a hole in the snow.He made a hole and pointed it up the hill so the wind couldn't blow into it.Outside his hole,the temperature fell to a dangerous-15degCthat night,but inside it Jake was safe from the cold.
But he had to get down the mountain.The TV programmes always said,"If you are lost,you should find someone else's tracks  through the snow and follow them.""I wanted to live my life."remembers Jake."So I got up and I found some ski tracks and I followed those."He walked and walked and finally he saw lights.Nine hours after he lost his ski,he found a team of worker who came to save him.He was safe!
His mum was very happy when she heard the news.Amazingly,Jake didn't even have to go to hospital.He got through the terrible experience without any injuries.
So,the next time someone says that watching TV is a waste of time,think of Jake.Sometimes TV can save your life!
The question is: How did Jake get down the mountain the next morning?  _
The possible answers are:
A:He followed his parents.
B:He followed the workers.
C:He followed some ski tracks.
D:He followed some light.At a supermarket in County Durham, England, the workers are getting ready for some lessons in sign language  . They are excited to meet their teacher -- two-year-old Diana Graham. The little girl will teach them how to communicate with deaf  customers .
Diana is a wonder child. She began to use sign language to "speak" to her deaf mother before she said her first word. So whenever the phone rings or there's a knock at the door, her mother can be quickly told by her.
Diana understands the sign language well. Her mother even reads story books to her in sign language. Her grandmother said, "Diana started signing at about five months. She is so clever for her age."The supermarket officials couldn't think of a better sign language teacher for their workers. So they asked Diana to give some lessons to the workers. They hoped that her lessons would help the workers communicate better with deaf customers during their shopping.
The question is: The officials asked Diana to give some lessons because they thought   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:she had a big vocabulary
B:she started signing at about five months
C:she could read the story in sign language
D:she could teach the workers to communicate better with deaf customers.Can you swim? Do you like swimming? Well, how can you learn to swim? I think the best way is to go into the water and learn. I'm afraid you'll never learn to swim just by reading books about Swimming or looking at others swimming. It's the same with the English study. We must practice, practice and practice.
Listening and speaking are very important for beginners. We can listen to English programs on radio. You may just understand a few words. It doesn't matter. Just be relaxed, try to catch every word.
Somebody may be a good listener, but he is afraid to speak because he's afraid of making mistakes. You know we sometimes make mistakes when we speak Chinese. Don't be afraid. We must be brave. If you really want to learn English well, you must try to speak with everyone as long as he knows English. When there's nobody to talk with, you can talk to yourself in English. It's interesting and also a good way to practice your spoken English. Remember, the more you speak, the fewer mistakes you'll make.
Reading and writing are more important for senior school students. First we must choose the books we're interested in. A lot of reading will improve your language sense. This is very important.
It's easier said than done. Well, let's do more practice from now on. I'm sure you'll learn English well in this way.
,A, B, C, D,. (10)
The question is: What's more important for senior school students?
The possible answers are:
A:Speaking and writing.
B:Writing and listening.
C:Speaking and listening.
D:Reading and writing.Sang Lan is a former  member of the national women's gymnastic  team. She hurt herself seriously in a competition at the Goodwill Games held in Long Island, New York in 1998. She has been on a wheelchair since then.
Although she was disabled, Sang Lan believed that she would walk again one day. She kept on exercising all year round, and was sure that she would stand up. When she was in New York, she caught the hearts of Americans. Many people called her "a brave and confident girl". She became an international symbol  of courage and was very popular in the United States.
The brave girl has been a college student in Peking University now. Her dream of going to college has come true.
"'Get up from where you fall' is the most ordinary thing for a gymnast. And it's my motto ." Sang said, "I'll spend my time scientifically and work hard on my studies so as to be a winner in life."
,.
The question is: The best title for the passage is   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:A Brave Girl
B:A Beautiful Girl
C:A Sick Girl
D:An Able GirlMore and more people are interested in traveling. Why do people travel? "To see more of the country and the world," many people would say. Of course it offers us good chances to meet people from other countries, learn about their culture.
In 2014, Chinese people traveled to other countries 30% more than in 2013. The number reached 77,000,000. Chinese people usually join large tourist groups and visit several countries in one trip.
Chinese people don't just travel for sights. They can also go shopping. For example, during Christmas, shops usually offer discounts. Then shopping in Europe and the United States is popular among Chinese travelers.
In winter, China goes through a cold season. So many people like going to some countries in Southeast Asia because the weather there is pleasant.
Now more Chinese can go traveling. But some of them don't have a sense of public manners. A report says some Chinese don't follow the traveling rules. Someone writes 'Ding x x has come here', someone litters, spits, snatches bus seats, takes off shoes in public, talks loudly and smokes in non-smoking areas. We should stop doing these.
The question is: What's the best title  of the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:Traveling in China
B:Traveling to other countries
C:Chinese tourists
D:Chinese people like travelingSome people think only school children do not agree with their parents,however,it is not true.
Communication is a problem for parents and children of all ages.If it's hard for you to communicate with your parents,don't worry about it.Here are some advice for you to bridge the generation gap .
Don't argue with your parents.Don't get to your parents when you are angry.Your parents probably won't consider your ideas if you are shouting at them. And you can't express yourself well if you are angry. Go someplace to _ . Make sure you understand why you are unhappy. Then think about what you want to say to your parents. If you don't think you can speak to them at the moment, try writing a letter.
Try to reach a compromise . Perhaps you and your parents disagree on something. You can keep your disagreement and try your best to accept each other. Michael's mother didn't agree with him about buying a motorcycle. They argued over it. But they finally came to a compromise. Michael bought the motorcycle, but only drove it on certain days.
Of course, your parents might refuse to compromise on something. In these situations, it is especially important to show love and respect  to them. Showing respect will keep your relationship strong.
Talk about your values. The values of your parents are probably different from those of your own. Tell your parents what you care about, and why. Understanding your values might help them see your purposes in life.
A good relationship with your parents can make you a better and happier person.
The question is: If there's really a generation gap between you and your parents, you'd better  _
The possible answers are:
A:have a talk with them often
B:keep away from them
C:agree with them all the time
D:argue with themIn England, traffic keeps on the left.Cars, buses and bikes all move on the left side of the road.But the traffic keeps on the right in China.So when you are in England, you must be very careful in the street.Before you cross a street you must stop and look both ways.Look right and look left and look right again.If the traffic lights are red, the traffic must stop.Then the people on foot can cross the road.If the traffic lights are green, the traffic can go.People on foot mustn't cross.
In the morning and in the evening, when people go to or come back from work, the streets are very busy.Traffic is very dangerous  .
When you go by bus in England, you have to be careful, too.Always remember the traffic moves on the left.If you don't have a look first, you will go the wrong way.
In many English cities, there are big buses with two floors.You can sit on the second floor.From there you can see the city very well.It's very interesting.
,.
The question is: The best title   for this passage   is   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:Buses in England
B:Traffic in England
C:Driving in England
D:Traffic lights in EnglandMany children use the Internet to get useful knowledge and information, and to relax in their free time. But some of them are not using it in a good way. Here are some rules to make sure you are safe and have fun on the Internet.
Make rules for Internet use with your parents. For example, when you can go online, for how long and what activities you can do online.
Don't give your password to anyone else, and never give out the following information: your real name ,home address, age, school, phone number or other personal information.
Check with your parents before giving out a credit card number.
Never send a photo of yourself to someone in e-mail unless your parents say it's OK.
Check with your parents before going into a chat room. Different chat rooms have different rules and attract different kinds of people. You and your parents will want to make sure it's a right place for you.
Never agree to meet someone you met on the Internet without your parent's permission. Never meet anyone you met online alone.
Always remember that people online may not be who they say they are. Treat everyone online as if they were strangers.
If something you see or read online makes you uncomfortable, leave the site. Tell a parent or a teacher right away.
Treat other people as you'd like to be treated. Never use bad language.
Remember that not everything you read on the Internet is true.
The question is: If your parents don't agree, never  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:read anything on the Internet.
B:have a face-to-face meeting with anyone you met online.
C:relax in your free time
D:treat other people as you'd like to be treated.Bob has a good friend, Caesar. He is a brown dog. He is not very old. Bob gets him from Mr. Mason.
One day Bob's father, mother and Bob go to the Mason's farm   for lunch. After lunch, Mr. Mason says, "I'm going to a big city. So I can't take him there. You can't have a young dog in a big city."
" Let me have him, Mr. Mason.  He knows me well and we have no dog, " Mr. Mason looks at Bob's mother and father.
"Please , Mother, let me have him," says Bob.
"Ask your father," says she.
"Please, Dad?"
"Yes, you can have him."
"Thank you, dear dad. Thanks, Mr. Mason. Come here, Caesar."
"See! The dog is his now," says Mr. Mason.
The question is: How old is the dog? It's  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:very old
B:not very old
C:half a year
D:one year and a halfA young man is sitting by the road. He is eating something. A policeman is coming over. At once the man gets up quickly and runs down the road.
The policeman runs after him. Te man runs very fast, but the policeman runs faster.
After a few minutes, the policeman catches him. "Where are you going?" says the policeman. "You must be a criminal if you run like that when you see a policeman."
"No, no," says the man. "I'm not a criminal. I'm just too fat, you see, and the doctor tells me I must always run fast after eating."
"I see," says the policeman. "You're running to help to lose weight."
The question is: The policeman runs after the young man because   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:he is catching a bus
B:he knows him
C:he thinks he is a bad man
D:the young man is a criminalHere are four famous festivals aroud the world .Are you familiar with all of them?
Christmas is on 25 December.On the night before the festival ,young children hang up their stockings for the gift that Santa Clause gives .This festival is for the   birth of Christ.All the people like this festival.
In North America ,Halloween is on the last day of October . Families make lanterns from pumpkin .In the evening , children dress up well and go form house to house to ask for sweets or have parties at home.
Mid-autumn Festival is a Chinese festival in the autumn . People wait to see a big around moon in the night sky . They eat moon cake and light lanterns .
The longest day in the northern hemisphere is on 21 or 22 June each year .
This is the middle of summer .There is a flower festival for four days each June in California , USA .There is a parade  and people go to flower fields to look at the flowers.
The question is: In the middle of summer ,there is a   _  festival in California .
The possible answers are:
A:flower
B:parade
C:gift
D:summerThe worker I hired to repair my house had just finished a difficult first day on the job. A broken wheel made him an hour late; his ladder( )fell down when he was painting the roof and now his old truck wouldn't start. With each problem he shouted angrily more at himself than at his things. As I drove him home, the man didn't say a word.
I tried talking to the man to kill time. I managed to find out that he had come up from Blue Hills in Victoria with his family six months ago to find a job. This was his first job since moving here. I now knew why his price was lower than any other worker I could find in the local newspaper. He really needed the job. His clothes told me as much.
On arriving, much to my surprise, he invited me to meet his family. As we walked through his front garden he suddenly stopped at a small tree and placed his hands on it. Then , when he opened the door he completely changed. Instead of his troubled face, there was now a warm smile, hugs for his two children and a kiss for his wife.
The following day, I asked him about the tree.
"That's my trouble tree," he answered. "Work troubles aren't welcome at home with my wife and children. So I hang them on that tree every night when I come home. Then in the morning I pick them up again."
"And you know what else?" he said smiling, "The next morning I find that there aren't as many as I remember hanging up the night before."
The question is: What can we learn from the passage ?
The possible answers are:
A:Looking for a job can make trouble.
B:It is important to get to work on time.
C:Often our problems are worse than what we think.
D:A happy family can make many problems go away.Ever thought of moving to a new country? How about starting a new country? Patri Friedman is planning to do just that. He left Google years ago to set up the Seasteading Institute. And his dream is to build seasteads-----floating micro-nations in the middle of the ocean.
So, what will life on a seastead be like? Probably a bit like life on a cruise liner  , but much larger, with shops, gyms, swimming pools, schools and other areas. In fact, the early seasteads may actually be specially-rebuilt cruise liners. But as science advances, Friedman believes they'll become more like floating cities, with several hundred people.
Seasteading raises a lot of questions. First of all, how will the new countries make money? The Seasteading Institute has suggested several money-making ideas, including ocean-based theme parks, casinos   and fish farming. There's also the questions of safety. With storms, typhoons and pirates   , the high seas are a dangerous place. However, the Institute says that it can stand bad weather and prevent crimes with its well-designed systems.
So, is this just a day dream? Well, maybe not. One of the people behind the project is Peter Thiel. He founded PayPal and was one of the first investors   in Facebook. So far, he's donated $ 500,000 to the project.
And Friedman isn't wasting any time. He recently announced the creation of the Poseidon Award. This will be given to the first seastead with fifty people. Friedman is hoping to hand out the award in 2015.
The question is: A future seastead may be most likely to look like   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:a cruise liner
B:a floating city
C:a theme park
D:a fishing farmI have a friend. His name is James. He's an English boy. He is thirteen years old. He is tall. He has a round face, big eyes and a big nose. His mouth is wide, but his ears are small. His hair is short.
,.
The question is: James comes from   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:Canada
B:Japan
C:China
D:EnglandHave you ever thought about seeing the world for free? Although it may sound impossible, there's a growing community that is making that dream one step closer.
The community is called Couchsurfing. The idea is that people open their homes up to travelers for free, and in exchange both people will learn from each other.
Instead of paying a lot of money staying in hotels, living with locals is both cheap and authentic . Maybe you'll find a hidden attraction in the city. It may be a good place where people like to visit. This is also your chance to ask what life in their country is really like.
It also works as a culture exchange. For example,if you play the guitar and your host is a great cook, teach him or her how to play to say thank you for the dinner. This type of exchange is popular.
But what are some manners of being a good Couchsurfer? First, be careful about cultural taboos . For example, if you eat with Indians, never use your left hand. In Indian culture, left hands are used for the toilet. Also, when you are going to leave, it's a good idea to prepare a small gift. This shows your _ to the home owner.
Now, are you ready to travel like a local? Where will you surf first?
The question is: What should we do if we eat with Indians?
The possible answers are:
A:Don't eat with the right hand.
B:Don't eat with the left hand.
C:Eat with two hands.
D:Don't eat with hands.How do you feel when you have to make a speech in front of class? What about when you go to a birthday party? Do you get really shy?
Shyness means feeling nervous or afraid when you're around other people. Experts have found that more than 80% of middle school students feel afraid to be the center of attention. Some kids are born shy. Some become shy later because of their life experiences .
It's OK if it takes you a while _ when you go to a new place or meet new people. In fact, everybody gets a little shy sometimes. It's just a case of how much.
Most people have red faces and talk in broken sentences when they get shy. But some become so shy that they won't go to a restaurant because they are too nervous to order and pay for their food. Some are afraid of meeting new people, so they seldom go outside. This kind of shyness can be bad for a person.
If shyness doesn't stop you from doing something you want to do, being shy isn't a very big problem. Some experts say shy people are cleverer because they think more and talk less. Shy people are also good at working with others because they think more for other people. Some great people in history were shy, too.
You see, being shy isn't all bad. But remember not to let good opportunities  pass by just because of it! If you have to sing a song at a birthday party or practice your spoken English in front of others, just do it! There's nothing to be afraid of.
The question is: We can infer from the passage that  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:kids are all born shy
B:you can't change yourself
C:shy people can also be successful
D:shy people are not good at working othersIt was very difficult to find jobs in the northeast of England, and when John lost his job, he found it was impossible for him to get a new one.He had soon spent all his money, so he decided to go down to the south of the country.He was told that the things there were better, and that it was easier to find work.The best way to get there was by train.He went to the railway station and got into a train for the south.
He was the only passenger in his compartment  when another man came in.He was carrying a gun and said to John, "Your money or your life!"
"I haven't got a penny," John answereD.
"Then why are you shaking so much?" the man with a gun asked angrily.
"Because I thought you were the ticket-collector and I haven't even got a ticket," answered John.
The question is: John wanted to find a new job in the south because  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:he had no money left
B:it was easier to find a job there
C:things were better in the south than in the northeast.
D:he liked to work in the southIn the 1920s and 30s the airlines were just beginning. It was unusual for people to travel by air because it was expensive and dangerous. In those days, there were no flight attendants to look after the passengers. Young men ,or "stewards" helped the passengers onto the airplane and carried the passengers' luggage but they did not provide food and drinks. _ 
Ellen Church was born in 1904 on a farm in Iowa. She was a different child. She didn't want to work on a farm or marry a farmer --she wanted a more adventurous life. Ellen studied to be a nurse at the University of Minnesota and then got a job in a hospital. For the next few years she stayed at the hospital but also took flying lessons and got her pilot's license.
Ellen was twenty-five years old when she first got in touch with Boeing Air Transport. She loved flying but she understood that airlines were a man's world. Although women like Emelia Earheart were becoming famous, she realized it was impossible for a woman to have a career as a pilot .But she had another idea. Most people were frightened of flying because. flying was still an unreliable  way to travel. There were often delays ,many crashes and the bad weathers made many passengers sick. Ellen thought nurses could take care of passengers during flights and B.A.T. agreed.
The young woman from Iowa and seven other nurses became the first air stewardesses.
At first pilots were unhappy because they did not want stewardesses on airplanes, but passengers loved the stewardesses. In 1940 there were around 1000 of them working for different airlines. The early "stewardesses" had to be under twenty-five-year-old, single and slim. When a woman joined an airline, she had to promise not to get married or have children. It was hard job and not well paid. They worked long hours and earned $1 an hour.
In the 1970s, stewardesses were unhappy in their job and airlines had to make some changes. Since the 1970s, "stewardesses" have been called flight attendants. They are well paid and work fewer hours than in the past.
The question is: The main reason for Boeing Air Transport offering Ellen the job was   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:her flying experience
B:her university education
C:her nursing experience
D:her life attitudesOne day an old man is selling  an elephant. A young man comes to the elephant and begins to look at it slowly . The old man goes up to him and says in his ear, " Don't say anything about the elephant before I sell it, then I'll give you some meat." "All right," says the young man. After the old man sells the elephant, he gives the young man some meat and says, " Now, can you tell me how you find the bad ears of the elephant?" " I didn' t find the bad ears," says the young man. "Then why do you look at the elephant slowly?" asks the old man. The young man answers, "Because I never see an elephant before , and I want to know what it looks like."
The question is: The young man looks at the elephant. He wants to find   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:bad ears
B:some meat
C:a good elephant
D:what it looks likeSixteen years ago a boy gave me an important gift. It was a smile.
It was the early autumn of my first year at a middle school, and my old school was far away. As a result, no one knew who I was. I was very lonely, and afraid to speak to anyone.
Every time I heard the other students talking and laughing, I felt my heart break. I couldn't talk with anyone about my problems.
Then one day, when my classmates were talking happily with their friends, I was sitting at my desk unhappily as usual. At that moment, a boy entered the classroom. I didn't know who he was. He passed by me and then turned back. He looked at me, with a smile.
Suddenly, I felt the touch of something bright and friendly. It made me feel happy and warm. That smile changed my life. I started to talk with other students and made friends. Day by day, I became closer to everyone in my class. The boy with the lucky smile has become my best friend now.
One day I asked him why he had smiled, but he couldn't remember doing so!
It doesn't matter because all the dark days have gone. I believe that the world is what you think it is. If you think it is lonely, you might always be alone. So smile at the world and it will smile back.
The question is: When did the writer get the gift?
The possible answers are:
A:At the age of 16.
B:After making friends with the boy. [:Zxxk.Com]
C:In the first year at a middle school.
D:After becoming closer to everyone in the class.My Favorite Sweater
by Bonnie Highswith Taylor
My favorite sweater grew too small.
I love that sweater best of all.
My grandma made it when I was three.
She made that sweater just for me.
I picked the yarn , a special blue.
The color of bluebells, wet with dew  .
When I was three I was very small.
But now I'm five and much too tall.
I have a new jacket now that's green.
So I gave my sweater to our cat Queen.
Queen just had kittens out in the shed  . 
My favorite sweater is now their bed.
The question is: What color is the girl's new jacket?
The possible answers are:
A:Green.
B:Blue.
C:Red.
D:Purple.While it is common for restaurant owners to connect with their customers, a restaurant owner in the U.S. is taking it to a whole new level. Tim Harries gives out free hugs to every customer at the end of each meal. The atmosphere at his restaurant "Tim's Place" is so positive that customers often call it the "World's friendliest restaurant".
"Tim's Hug" is in fact an item on the menu described as a "love" treat. Tim's hugs are doubly special because of everything he has achieved. The 26-year-old is probably the only Down syndrome sufferer in the U.S. to own a restaurant,but he has several other things to be proud of-- he's a skillful special Olympian, an excellent sailor, and all experienced fisherman. He was also chosen as Homecoming King and Student of the Year in high school! So when a man like Tim hugs you,it is sure to be a special and unforgettable experience
When Tim expressed interest in opening a restaurant,Keith,a small businessman himself, supported him. Tim hired other people to manage the place and do the cooking, and he introduced the idea of free hugs. He realized that people want to feel at home at a restaurant. That is why he included "love" as all item on the menu. Customers can order the free hug from Tim,and even if they don't, he'll probably hug them anyway.
The restaurant has been around since 2010,and Tim has given out over 19,000 hugs in the past five years -- he keeps count using a special Hug Counter.Many customers love visiting "Tim's Place". "I've been coming here once a week." said Michelle Garth-Jones, a regular customer. "I love local restaurants, and this special one has a story that stays with you."
The question is: What may be the best title for this passage?
The possible answers are:
A:Tim's Achievements
B:A Special Experience
C:A Down Syndrome Sufferer
D:The World's Friendliest RestaurantThe American secret service began in 1865. It has many important jobs. One is to stop different types of fraud , such as printing fake  money, credit card  fraud and computer fraud. The other is to protect the president at all times.
The secret service's earliest job was to stop people from making fake money. The secret service agents  still have to do that because the criminals  are smarter now. They are better at using computers and other expensive equipment. But agents are much smarter.
Protecting the president is hard. The most dangerous places are outdoors. Agents can't check every person in the crowd, so they must watch the crowd carefully. And they always follow the president. They're just like the president's shadow.
Unluckily, some criminals do want to give the president trouble, or even hurt him. The secret service agents try to find _ and stop them when they want to do something bad. It's a dangerous, but important job. The secret service helps keep the president and the country safe.
,.
The question is: At the very beginning, the secret service's job was to  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:protect the president
B:stop computer fraud
C:watch the crowd carefully
D:stop fake money makingIn the universe,as we all know,there is the sun,the moon,the earth and a good manystars.Through our geography lessons,we know the earth goes around the sun,and the moon goes around the earth.We have day and night because the earth keeps turning all the time.When our part of the earth turns to the sun,it is day.When our part of the earth turns away from the sun,it is night.
Just because the moon is closer to the earth than the sun, it looks much bigger than the sun. Big things will look smaller when they are further, and small things also look bigger when they are nearer.
The sun is big enough to give out very strong light. The moon can't give any light at all, but it looks quite bright, too. Why? In fact, the light from the moon comes from the sun. The moon looks much bigger and brighter than the stars. But actually   the stars are much bigger and brighter than the moon.They look smaller than the moon also because they are further away from the earth.
There are many other planets in the universe. But of all the planets, only on the earth there are living things and people can only live on the earth, too. But at 9:00 a.m. on October 15th,2003, Chinese pilot Yang Liwei was sent up to space. He stayed there for 21 hours.It was the first time for Chinese to get into space.
The question is: We find the sun is  _  than the moon because it is  _  to us.
The possible answers are:
A:bigger;farther
B:smaller;closer
C:bigger;closer
D:smaller;fartherTommy buys a ticket  and goes in. But after two or three minutes he comes out. He buys a second ticket and goes in again. After a few minutes he comes out again and buys a third ticket. Two or three minutes after that, he comes out a third time and asks for another ticket. Then the girl selling tickets says to him, "Why are you buying all these? Are you meeting friends in the cinema all the time?"
"No, I'm not doing that." the small boy says, "But a big woman always stops me at the door and tears   my tickets up."
The question is: The big woman is  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:Tommy's friend
B:the girl's mother
C:a worker in the cinema
D:a shopkeeper near the cinemaDo you know why different animals or pests have their special colors? Colors in them seem to be mainly used to protect themselves.
Some birds like eating locusts  , but birds cannot easily catch them. Why? It is because locusts change their colors with the change of the colors of crops. When crops are green, locusts look green. But as the harvest time comes, locusts change into the same brown color as crops have. Some other pests whose colors are different form plants are easily found and eaten by others. So they have to hide themselves for lives and appear only at night.
If you study the animals' life, you'll find the main use of colors is to protect themselves. Bears, lions and other animals move quietly through forests. They cannot be easily seen by hunters because their colors are much like the trees.
Colors are useful not only on the land, but also in the sea. A kind of fish in the sea can give out a kind of black liquid   when the fish face danger. The liquid spreads over quickly, so they cannot be found by their enemies and can quickly swim away. That is why they live safely though they are not strong at all.
The question is: From the passage, we can know that   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:locusts are big animals
B:Locusts are easily found by birds
C:Locusts are dangerous to their enemies
D:Locusts can change their colors to protect themselvesDavid: I like blue. I have a clothes shop, and I find when I changed the wall's color to blue, my clothes sold better. Someone told me that blue can make people feel safe.
Mary: I'm a nurse. I heard that green can make people feel energetic. Because it's the color of nature, it can also give people a feeling of hope. It's my favorite.
Li Ming: I like red. In our country, red means good luck. For example, during Spring Festival, most Chinese people like wearing red clothes , because we believe it will bring us good luck in the future.
Sam: I like orange because it's a warm color. When I'm sad, if I see something orange buying things that are orange ---- bags, hats, cups, anything! I live in an orange world!
Linda: I think black is a powerful color . We know that the leaders of a country always wear black clothes. And, it makes people look thin.
The question is: Which of the following is TRUE?
The possible answers are:
A:Linda is a nurse, and she likes green.
B:Li Ming thinks red is a lucky color.
C:Mary thinks orange gives people a feeling of hope.
D:Sam thinks fat people should wear green clothes.Some students think it difficult to learn English well. That's because they don't find the right way. I think reading is very important for students. The more you read, the better you'll understand.
Reading is helpful to listening, speaking and writing. If you often read English aloud, you'll improve your listening. On the other hand, listening a lot can help you to read better. Reading English everywhere when you are free, if you wish. You can get a lot of knowledge when you read. Sometimes you need to express your ideas, you can either speak or write. That means you are using what you learned from reading. The same as Chinese, the more you read, the better you can write. If you want to remember something, you should read again and again.
So from now on, you'd better do more reading. It's a good way to learn English well.
The question is: In Chinese studying, the more you read ,   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:the better you speak
B:the better you write
C:the more you remember
D:the more you writeMiss Han: You bring  many things to school, Kevin. Can you tell   me what are on your desk?
Kevin: Yes, I can. There is an eraser, a ruler, three pencils and a pencil box on my desk.
Miss Han: What is in your drawer ?
Kevin: In my drawer, there are two books and a notebook.
Miss Han: What is that on the floor?
Kevin: It is my school bag.
Miss Han: Do you bring your lunch box   to school?
Kevin: Yes, I do.
Miss Han: Where do you put it?
Kevin: I put it under my desk.
The question is: _   is (are) NOT on Kevin's desk.
The possible answers are:
A:An eraser
B:A ruler
C:A picture
D:Three pencilsMy name is Frank White. I'm fifteen years old. I was born  on May 13th, 1996. Mike is my good friend. His birthday is on May 15th. He is only 13 years old now. Every year on May 14th, we have a birthday party together in our school. We often have a pop concert  . I play the guitar. He plays the drum. Many friends come to our party. We are very happy.
The question is: Frank's birthday is on   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:May13th
B:May14 th.
C:May 15 th .
D:May 16 th.People sometimes like to read stories of dogs very much. They think that dogs are much cleverer than cats, sheep, cows or other animals in their homes.
One of my best friends, Bob, has a dog named Jack. Every Sunday afternoon, Bob and Jack have a walk in the park nearby. Jack likes these walks very much. One Sunday afternoon, I stayed in Bob's home for a long time and we talked happily. Soon it was time for them to take a walk in the park. Jack was worried about it. He walked around the room several times and then sat down in front of me and looked at me. But I still paid no attention   to him. I went on talking with my friend. At last, Jack could not wait any longer. He went out of the room and came back a few minutes later. He sat down in front of me again. But this time, he held my hat in his mouth. Suddenly, I understood what Jack meant.
The question is: Jack  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:is one of my best friends
B:enjoys walking in the park
C:has many good friends
D:enjoys talks in the roomLi Ting, Zhang Lin and Wu Jun are students of Class 1, Grade 7 in Sunshine Middle School.
Li Ting is a pretty girl. She has big eyes and a small nose. Her hair is long and black. She likes dancing and singing. We all like listening to her songs. She hopes to be a singer when she grows up.
Zhang Lin is a tall and helpful girl. She is good at all her subjects. She always helps her classmates with their homework. She is very clever and almost knows about everything. Her classmates all call her encyclopedia  .
Wu Jun is a strong boy. He enjoys playing sports. He plays football and basketball very well. He is a member of the School Sports Club. His dream is to be a football player like Raul.
The question is: Who is Raul?
The possible answers are:
A:He is Wu Jun's classmate.
B:He is Wu Jun's teacher.
C:He is a football player.
D:He works in the School Sports Club.A predator  kills and eats other animals as prey .Sometimes it also becomes food for other predators. Polar bears are the largest of all the land predators. They can run across snow and swim in icy water for hours without rest. Their favorite food is seal. Not all big animals live on small animals. Hippos have heavy bodies and huge mouths. But they don't eat animals. They just eat grass.
Some predators use speed to catch their prey. Cheetahs are the fastest animals on land. They can run up to 70km an hour. Other predators use their senses to find their food. Sharks can see, smell, hear, feel and taste. They can also sense electrical currents( )from other animals' bodies. Some fish try to hide themselves, but with this sixth sense, sharks can always find them. Sharks have smooth bodies. This helps them swim without using lots of energy. They need to save their energy because they never really sleep and never stop hunting. Flying is a useful skill for many predators in the sky. The butcher bird is the most interesting predator. It has a special way of eating its prey. First it kills its prey. Then it hangs it on a fence or in a tree, just like a butcher hangs meat in his shop. Finally, it eats its prey.
Some people hunt and kill more animals than any other predator. They not only hunt for food. They also hunt for fun. They kill sharks for their fins, and tigers for skins. Those human hunters are the worst predators on Earth.
The question is: Among the sharks, the tigers, the polar bears and some people, which are the most dangerous predators on earth?
The possible answers are:
A:the sharks.
B:the tigers.
C:the polar bears.
D:some people.Dear David,
How are you? I'm fine. I'm in London , at a school of English. I'm in Class Seven. It has eight students. They are from different countries ----Spain, Japan , Argentina, Switzerland and Thailand. Our teacher's name is Henry Briscall. He's very nice. He's a good teacher.
I live  with an English family, Mr. and Mrs. Brown. They have two sons and a daughter. Thomas is fourteen, Catherine is twelve, and Andrew is seven. They are all very friendly to me, and we are good friends.
London is very big and very interesting. The weather   is good and the parks are nice! Hyde Park, Green Park and St. James' Park are all in the city center .
English food is OK, but the coffee is not good!
Are you all right at home in Shanghai?  Is everything OK? Write to me.
Love,
Paul
The question is: The letter is from  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:David
B:Paul's friend
C:Shanghai
D:London(Happy Children's Day!)
Come and see the Indian elephants and the tigers from America. The bears  are waiting to meet you, and the monkeys from Thailand are waiting to throw things at you. The lovely dogs from Australia are waiting to laugh at you, and the giraffes from Zambia are waiting to look down on you.
Tickets:  Adults: Y=60,     Children: free
Time:    June1-June2      9:00 a.m.-----7:00 p. m
Keep the park clean!   Do not touch, give food or go near the animals.
The question is: Visitors can't   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:give some food to the tigers
B:watch the bears playing games
C:laugh at the dogs from Australia
D:take some picturesOne day at the end of the class, a wise teacher told each of her students to bring a plastic bag and a bag of potatoes to school.
The next day she told her students, "From today on, for every person you don't like in your lives, you can choose a potato, write the person's name and the date on it and then put it in the plastic bag." Day after day, some of the students' bags were very heavy. They were then told to carry this bag with them everywhere they went for a week. They would put it inside their quilts at night, on the seats when sitting in a car or on a bus, and next to their desks at school. The days carrying the bag around with them made students get to know what a weight they were carrying in their minds. They had to pay attention to it all the time so that they wouldn't forget it. As time passed by, the potatoes went bad and smelt nasty . They all tried to get rid of them.
Too often we think of tolerance  as a gift to other people, and clearly it is for ourselves!  If we choose to keep our sadness and hatred in our hearts, we will have to carry them around all our lives.
Do you think you have got anything from the wise teacher and what she asked her students to do?
The question is: The students would put the bags in the following places except  _
The possible answers are:
A:inside their quilts
B:next to their desks at school
C:on the seats in a car or on a bus
D:in their friends' housesWhat do people drink in Western countries? They drink coffee, of course. Tea is the drink of us Chinese. Think again. In the West, tea is seeing to be cool again.
In Western countries like the UK, coffee used to be the fashionable drink. Jenny Northam, a 28-year-old English woman, remembers that ten years ago tea was unfashionable. "At that time young people didn't like tea. We thought drinking tea was uncool and old-fashioned. Tea was _ something we only drank when visiting grandparents."
Several years ago US _ Madonna, who lived in Britain, published a children's book _ called The English Roses. She launched the book with a tea party. Since Madonna is the "Queen of Cool", she took a big part in making tea fashionable. The British tradition of afternoon tea was fashionable again.
In Britain, hotels accept bookings   for afternoon tea weeks in advance. The trend   had also taken off in the US. In New York and Los Angeles, more and more cafes are serving tea.
The tea craze is not only down to Madonna, of course. People drink tea because they connect it with the idea of living life at a slower pace.
People drink coffee and tea at different times. Coffee is seen as the drink of people in a hurry; tea of those who like to spend their time.
,.
The question is: The English Roses is the name of a   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:movie
B:picture
C:hotel
D:bookWhat's the red star in the sky through a telescope ? It is Mars. Do you want to know more about it? Take the "Mars Orbit Express"!
"Mars Orbit Express" is a space probe  . It was sent towards Mars by American scientists on August 12th,2005. Its tasks are to study Mars' atmosphere and return photos to Earth. But before that "Mars Orbit Express" must travel about 100 hundred million kilometers and seven months. It reached Mars' orbit in March,2006.
Mars and Earth have similar weight and size. However,Mars is closer to the sun than Earth. Mars is very cold. The average temperature is below 50degC. The temperature at noon only reaches 20degC during a Mars day. Its atmosphere is mostly CO2. It has much sand and two moons---Phobos and Deimos.
Scientists think Earth and Mars had similar beginnings 4.6 billion years ago. But while Earth supports millions of lives,Mars becomes bad. "Earth easily could have turned out like that." said an scientist, "It is important for us to find out why and Mars Orbit Express' should do that." "Mars Orbit Express" also would help scientists to learn what might happen to Earth in the future.  "Mars Orbit Express" would work for about four years.
The question is: Compared with Earth,  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:Mars has a long history
B:Mars is big and heavy
C:Mars is close to the sun
D:Mars' atmosphere is mainly O2.Mrs. Thompson stood in front of her 5th grade class on the first day of school. She found a boy sleeping in his seat. He was Teddy. Also Thompson noticed the boy didn't play well with the other children. It got to the point "F" at the top of his papers. Mrs. Thompson reviewed each child's past records. However, when she reviewed Teddy's file , she was in a surprise.
Teddy's first grade teacher wrote, "Teddy is a bright child. He does his work neatly and has good manners..."
His second grade teacher wrote, "Teddy is an excellent student, but he is troubled because his mother has an illness and life at home is difficult."
His third grade teacher wrote, "His mother's death had been hard on him. He tries his best, but his father doesn't show much interest in his study..."
Teddy's fourth grade teacher wrote, "Teddy is _ and doesn't talk with other's. Also he doesn't show much interest in school. He doesn't have many friends and he sometimes sleeps in class."
By now, Mrs. Thompson realized the problem. She felt even worse when her students brought her Christmas presents wrapped in beautiful and bright paper, except for Teddy's. He sent a rhinestone bracelet  with some stones missing. But Mrs. Thompson told him with a smile, "I like it very much." After school Teddy said, "Mrs. Thompson, today you smell just like my Mother used to be." Mrs. Thompson paid particular attention to Teddy. The more she encouraged him, the faster he responded. By the end of the year, Teddy had become one of the smartest children in the class. Teddy became one of her "teacher's pets."
,.
The question is: Teddy is a   _   student when Mrs. Thompson first taught him.
The possible answers are:
A:naughty
B:good
C:sick
D:troubledAt nine o'clock in the evening on 15 September,1961, Mr and Mrs Hill were driving along Motorway 3 (3) when they saw a spaceship.
They drove on to Sand field, the next town. They got there the next morning. Mr Hill looked at his watch.
"Why did it take us so long? " he asked. "Three hundred and four kilometers in seven hours?"
Mrs Hill went white in the face. "Something is strange, "she said." But I can't remember anything."
Later, with the help of, a doctor, they remembered everything. After they saw the spaceship, they got out of their car and then they "lost" several hours.
They remembered they heard a "bleep, bleep" noise from the spaceship. When they tried to run back to their car, there were three aliens   between them and their car.
The aliens took them to their spaceship. They asked them questions about the food and drink on Earth. They were very interested in Mr Hill's teeth because his teeth could come out!
Finally, the aliens took them back to their car and the spaceship flew away.
The question is: What made Mrs Hill feel strange at first?
The possible answers are:
A:Short way but long time.
B:Short time but long way.
C:Poor memory during the drive.
D:Careful driving on Motorway 3.If you want to study English well, you need to do the following things.
Joining an English club is a good idea and joining an international club (where English is in use at least some of the time) is, for many people, even better.
In order to learn English well, you should keep practicing it as much as possible. There are several good ways to help you with the English study.
First, you may take notes of any mistakes made by you, so as to get familiar with the correct usage of the English language.
Second, it's important to improve your ability, especially the ability of reading comprehension . By reading more English articles, you will build your sense of English.
Third, try to form a reciting  habit. Well-written paragraphs are worth reciting. By memorizing them, you will find that writing English articles is not so difficult.
Last but not the least, you should always use a dictionary with both Chinese and English explanations. It will tell you the differences between these two beautiful languages.
The question is: From this article, we know we can use the following ways to learn English well except  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:going abroad to learn English
B:joining an English club
C:Keeping practicing it as much as possible
D:trying to form a reciting habitEveryone likes living in a clean and comfortable environment.If the environment is bad, it will affect our bodies, and make us not feel well.Sometimes we may be terribly ill.At that time we don't want to work, and we have to stay in bed and rest at home.So the environment is very important to us.
It's germ that makes us ill.There are germs everywhere, They are very small and you can't find them with your own eyes, but you can see them with a microscope .They are very small and there may be hundreds of them on a very small thing, Germs can always be found in the dirty water.When we look at dirty water under the microscope, we shall see them in it.Germs can also be found in air and dust.If you cut your finger, some of the dust from the floor may go into it, and you will have much pain in it.Sometimes the germs will go into all of your body, and you will have pain everywhere.
To keep us healthy, we should try to our best to make our environment become cleaner and tidier.This needs us to act together.
The question is: From the passage we know that  _
The possible answers are:
A:environment doesn't affect our life.
B:germs may make us ill.
C:we don't need to improve our environment.
D:if the environment is better, germs will be more.Look at this. It's a pencil case. It's orange. It's my pencil case. What's in it? Look, this is a pen. It's black. This is a pencil. It's red. And this is a pencil, too. It's yellow. This is an eraser. It's blue and white. My pencil case is big and nice. I like it.
,.
The question is: _   pencils are in the pencil case.
The possible answers are:
A:Four
B:Three
C:Two
D:OneSPECIAL EVENTS!
Long March exhibit
The Shanghai History Museum is putting on an exhibition to remember the Long March . On show are more than 220 photos and 40 other things that explain with pictures how the Red Army went through all the difficulties in Jiangxi Province and fought its way to northern Shanxi province in the mid-1930s. The show will end on November 20.
Time:      10:00 am--4:00 pm.
Address:    1286 Hongqiao Road
Admission:  20 yuan each and half price for students
Thai elephants
Eight elephants from Thailand are entertaining visitors at Changfeng Park by riding bikes, playing basketball, balancing on a beam, dancing and blowing a mouth-organ. People are encouraged to have a tug-of-war  with the animals or lie on the ground and have the elephants walk over them, The elephants give three shows a day at 9:30 am,3:30 pm and 8:00 pm and there is an additional show at l:30 pm at weekends.The show will end on November 15.
Address:    189 Daduhe Road
Admission:  10 yuan
Dancing dolphins
Dolphins jumping from the water to touch a ball, swaying their bodies to music, kissing people and doing maths by tapping their tails have made the dolphinarium in Peace Park an attraction for children. Seals and sea lions also perform.
Hours:      10:30 am, 4:00 pm, and 7:30 prn
Admission:  10 on weekdays   20 yuan on weekends
The question is: Which of the following is NOT done by the Thai elephants?
The possible answers are:
A:Riding bicycles
B:Blowing a mouth-organ
C:walking with visitors
D:Having a tug-of-war with peopleMy name is Jack. I am a pupil of Grade One. I'm in No.1 Middle School. On weekdays I get up at six o'clock. I have breakfast at seven and then I go to school by bike. We begin our class at eight o'clock in the morning. We have four classes in the morning and three in the afternoon.
At noon, I have lunch at home. Classes are over at four fifteen in the afternoon. After class, we often play football in the afternoon. I go home at about five.
I have supper at about six thirty in the evening. I do my homework at seven thirty.
At weekend, I watch TV. I often go to bed at ten. I'm very happy.
,.
The question is: Which is true  ?   _   .
The possible answers are:
A:jack is a good boy.
B:Jack has his lunch at school.
C:Jack watches TV every day.
D:Jack is not happyAnimals United
Animals United is a 3D German cartoon which is directed by Reinhard Klooss and Holger Tappe.It is a story about animals that get together to find water.Along their journey, lots of funny things happen, and of course, they have a lot of adventures.
The animals in the grasslands in Africa are waiting for the coming flood.However, this year's flood  seems to come later than in other years.The animals become upset and worried.At the same time, some animals from other places come to the grasslands to look for peace.However, the situation seems worse because the water is becoming less and less.So they decide to look for the river.
Finally, they find the reason why they don't have any water to drink.A dam  has been set up so that humans can have a better life.After a long fight with humans, they let the world know that animals are in danger.
This film is about environmental matters.The humans are the bad and the animals are the good.This film is to give humans a warning that they must not destroy the homes of animals or damage nature in order to improve their own life.Humans should know that animals also have their own world.
The question is: The story of Animals United took place in   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:Asia
B:Africa
C:America
D:GermanyThe Morning After Robot
From today's newspaper, I know that in 2014 you might get a Morning After Robot. It will clean your house after a party. The Robot can take picture of your room before the party. After the party, the robot will go around the room, and it will pick up bottles and trash. After that it will compare the room with the picture and put things back according to its original shape. Such robots are being studied in a lab at Stanford University. That sounds pretty cool! If we can see the robot and have enough money, we must buy them.
Robot Roomba
Mothers' Day is coming. You can give Robot Roomba as a gift to your mother. The Roomba is a great gift for two reasons. On the one hand, it's really cool as a useful robot. It can actually clean your floor. Maybe not as fast or well as a person does, but it is a lot more fun cleaning the floor by the Roomba than cleaning the floor yourself. On the other hand, it shows the family life is very modern.
The question is: The lab at Stanford University is   _   the Morning After Robot
The possible answers are:
A:working
B:using
C:repairing
D:studyingWhat should we do if a fire happens? Look at the following.
1. Shout----Shout as loudly as you can ,because people may be asleep.
2. Call 119----Never try to put out a fire yourself. Tell 119 where you are and what is on fire.
3. Keep down close to the floor----There's less smoke down there, so it's easier to breathe and see where you are going.
4. Test the door---- the door is cool, open it carefully. If the door is hot, don't open it! Try to find a different way out.
5. Get out---- not stop to pick up anything. A fire can become very big in afew seconds!
6. Don't use the lift ----ways use the stairs. The lift may go wrong and keep you inside.
7. Don't go back---- if you have left your pet or favorite toy inside, don't go back for it.
Animals have a very good sense of smell. They often get out of building before people.
The question is: The lift is dangerous in a fire because   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:it is too small
B:it may go wrong
C:it may keep you inside
D:both B an CMy grandfather is eighty years old now. He always complains about how fast things have changed, and he often says that life used to be better.
Families aren't families they used to be. A lot of families have broken up. If husband and wife have problems with their _ , they no longer stay together. And mothers used to stay at home and take care of their children, but now not any more. Everyone is busy working. Mother used to spend all day cooking in the kitchen. But now the family don't eat home-cooked food any more.
And the cars! No one walks any more. More and more people drive. Students used to walk 5 miles to school every day, even in winter. But nowadays students don't. And in school, children don't have to think any more.. In math class, for example, they used to add, subtract, multiply and divide in their heads. Instead, they use calculators.
And people today have TV and computers, and they don't talk to each other any more. They are too busy to talk, too busy to eat, too busy to think.
Life used to be simple, but it isn't any more.
The question is: What does my grandfather think of the life now?
The possible answers are:
A:He thinks the life now is very good.
B:He thinks the life now is worse than it used to be.
C:He thinks the life now is better than it used to be.
D:He thinks the life is the same as it used to be.In fall 2006,the National Basketball Association (NBA)started using basketballs made with synthetic ,or man-made ,material instead of leather .They made the change be- cause they wanted every basketball they use to feel and bounce the same.Not all leather balls are exactly alike in weight or how they bounce,but the synthetic balls are.
However,some players complained right away that the new balls bounced differently and were actually harder to control than the leather ones.
Physics helped answer questions about why the new balls felt different.For example,the scientists studied friction ,which in this case affects the ability of a player to hold onto a ball."The greater the friction,the better it will stick to his hand,"explains a scientist.
Tests on both wet and dry balls showed that while the synthetic ball was easier to hold onto when dry,it had less friction and became much harder to hold onto when wet.That's because _ stays on the surface of the synthetic balls but gets taken into the leather balls.
The scientists also tested bounce and found that the logo  printed on the new balls made their surface uneven  and caused them to bounce a little strangely com- pared with the leather balls.
In January,the NBA went back to using the leather balls.They aren't perfect,but for now,that's just the way the ball bounces.
The question is: Why were the synthetic balls expected to be used in NBA according to the text?
The possible answers are:
A:Because they are easier to control.
B:Because they waste less material.
C:Because they look exactly alike.
D:Because they feel and bounce alike.Many Chinese people who have been to the United States think that Americans pay a little part of their money for food each day. Yet, in the latest 13 years, food prices have gone up 30% for most American families. Everyone agrees that _ . But who is really responsible ?
Many people say the farmers who produce the vegetables, fruit, meat, and eggs are responsible. But farmers say that the rise in food prices is very small compared to (...) the rise in their cost of living. Farmers think middlemen have got much more money than they do. Middlemen are those people who stand between the farmers and the people who buy and eat the food. For example, truck drivers, owners of food stores and so on. Are middlemen really responsible for higher food prices?
Economists don't think so. They have found that the money that meat packers and food stores get is less than 1% in all. They say that food costs more now because modern housewives have jobs outside the home. They have less time for cooking after a day's work. They like to buy food which has already been prepared before it reaches the market. They want to buy many kinds of food that can be put on their dining tables easily and quickly. But of course they must be prepared to pay for the services of those who make their work easier.
It seems that the answer to the question of rising prices is not an easy one. Quite a number of people share the responsibility for the sharp rise in food costs.
The question is: Which of the following is a middleman?
The possible answers are:
A:A farmer
B:A shopkeeper
C:A housewife
D:An economistYour lucky Day
This is a fortune-telling song, It is popular among English Children. Parents use it to teach their young children the days of the week. The song uses the day of the week a child was born on to tell the child's future.
Monday's child has a beautiful face.
Tuesday's child is full of grace.
Wednesday's child fears no foe.
Thursday's child has a long way to go.
Friday's child is happy and loving
Saturday's child works hard to make a living.
But the child is born on Sunday is
Beautiful, happy and good in every day.
Some people think that the year or the month or the day on which we were born is important. They think that these things tell us about our futures, Some people think that we all make our luck in life.
What do you think?
The question is: Which day's child is beautiful?
The possible answers are:
A:Monday's.
B:Wednesday's.
C:Tuesday's.
D:Friday's.Molly Jackson was a happy little girl. She lived with her parents. Her parents loved her very much. Every morning, Mrs. Jackson would get up early to make breakfast. She also made lunch for Mr. Jackson. Then it was Molly's job to put her father's lunch box into a lunch bag. And she would give the lunch bag to her father.
One day, Molly gave two lunch bags to her father. "Why do you give me two bags, Molly?" asked Mr. Jackson.
"There is something else in the other bag," Molly answered.
"What's in it?" Mr. Jackson kept asking. "I can't tell you now. Just open it after your lunch," said Molly.
Time passed quickly, it was lunch time. Mr. Jackson opened his lunch bag and started to eat. Then he saw the other bag from Molly. So he opened this special bag.
In this bag, Mr. Jackson found some toys. There were some small model cars and pictures in the bag. And Mr. Jackson found a note  at the bottom  of the bag. It wrote, "Dad, here are some of my toys. You can play them in your free time and have a rest. I love you, dad."
The question is: Who makes breakfast in Molly's family?
The possible answers are:
A:Molly.
B:Molly's father.
C:Molly's mother.
D:We don't know.Some children are afraid to go to the dentist, but not me. I'm a boy of 8 and I have a funny dentist. His name is Dr. Smileyface. I don't think that's his real name, but that's what he tells all the children who come to see him.
He has a cool waiting room. It has video games and a big toy box. Dr. Smileyface always wears funny hats. Sometimes he has his face painted. He asks funny questions like "Are you married yet?" and "Do you eat flowers to make your breath smell so sweet?" That makes me laugh. One time, he told me this joke, "What has lots of teeth but never goes to the dentist? A comb!" When I laughed, he pulled my tooth. It didn't hurt at all! He also teaches me how to take care of my teeth in an interesting way. Before I leave, he always gives me a surprise. Last week he gave me a toy ship and I liked it very much.
The question is: How does the writer feel when he goes to the dentist?
The possible answers are:
A:Angry.
B:Afraid.
C:Sad.
D:Happy.Computer programmer David Jones earned $ 150,000 a year designing new computer games, yet he cannot find a bank prepared to let him have a check card . Instead, he has been told to wait another two years until he is 18.
He works for a small firm in Liverpool, where most young people of his age are finding jobs. David's biggest headache is what to do with his money. Though he has high payment, he cannot drive a car, or get credit cards.
David got his job four months ago, a year after leaving school with six O-Levels  and working for a time in a computer shop. "I got the job because the people who run the firm knew I had already written some programs," he said. "I suppose $150,000 sounds a lot but I hope it will come to more than that this year." He spends some of his money on records and clothes, and gives his mother $20 a week as he lives with his parents. But most of his spare time is spent working. "Unfortunately, computing was not part of our studies at school," he said. " But I had been studying it in books and magazines for four years in my spare time. I knew what I wanted to do and never considered staying on at school. Most people in this business are fairly young, anyway. I would like to earn a million and I suppose early retirement is a possibility. You never know when the market might disappear.
The question is: David's greatest problem is that   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:he can't be treated as an adult (grown-up) by the bank
B:he can't make as many games as he wishes
C:he doesn't know what to buy with the money
D:he is too young to drive a carIn America, most people don't get enough sleep. Children aged 5 to 12 are advised to sleep 10 to 11 hours every night, but most of them can't sleep that long. A study found that about 41 million American workers got less than six hours of sleep every night. Scientists worry that parents are passing their bad sleeping habits down to their children.
In the study, Reut Gruber and some other scientists either added or reduced on hour of sleep for healthy children aged 7 to 11. They watched the children for five nights. They wanted to know if the amount of sleep can affect a child's behavior.
Before the study began, students were asked to sleep the same amount of hours as usual. Their teachers were asked to record their behavior. After five nights of the records, scientists found that those who slept one hour less behaved worse than those who slept one hour more. Students with less sleep were more likely to feel sad and had more problems paying attention.
The scientists chose to study children in their homes instead of in a laboratory, because they wanted to find out how everyday changes might affect children's behavior at school. "In the study, nobody became a talent, and nobody became crazy. But small changes in children can really make a big difference," says Gruber.
The question is: Scientists did the new study in order to know  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:why children can't get enough sleep
B:how long children should sleep every night
C:what children like to do before they go to sleep
D:if the amount of sleep can affect a child's behaviorNational parks are large of areas of public land . They give a safe home for local plants and animal . They help keep the air and water clean . They also give us the best trips . Today ,there are nearly 7,000 national parks around  the world . Forbes has listed 12 of the most beautiful ones in the world that will surprise  you with their  amazing landscape ,geographic wonders and colorful plants and animals .
The Grand Canyon National Park of the US is one of the Seven Natural Wonders of the World . It is best known for its size and depth . It is 446 kilometers long ,up to 29 kilometers wide ,and 1. 6 kilometers deep . The _ of the canyon makes people think big . Every year ,about 5million people visit here . Taking a tour in the South Rim offers vistors the park's full views,while the North Rim shows beautiful wild flowers .
If you love animals ,you'll like the Serrengeti Natinoal Park in Tanzania . The "Big Five "live here . They are the lion . African elephant ,African leopard ,black rhinoce and African buffalo . The name  "Big Five "came from the five animals that were the hardest to catch . Now they are what people most want to see in the wild . If you visit the park ,you should never miss the migration of over 1. 5million wildebeests and 250,000 zebras every year. This is the most famous site of the park .
The question is: If the writer continues the article ,he would most likely write about   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:ways to keep the air and water clean
B:more national parks in the world
C:his wonderful trip to the Grand Canyone
D:famous historic wonders in AfricaMrs Green's telephone number was three-four-six-three, and the number of the cinema near her house was three-four-six-four, so people often made a mistake and telephoned her when they wanted the cinema.
One evening the telephone rang and Mrs Green answered it. A tired man said, "At what time does your last film begin?"
"I'm sorry", she said Mrs Green, "but you have the wrong number. T his is not the cinema."
"Oh, it began twenty minutes ago," said the man." That's too bad. Goodbye."
The question is: Mrs Green was very surprised ,so she told her husband .He laughed and said ,"The man's wife wanted to go to the cinema, but he was feeling tired, so he telephoned the cinema. His wife heard him, but she didn't hear you. Now they will stay at home this evening ,and husband will be happy!"Mrs Green 's telephone number was   _
The possible answers are:
A:3634
B:3463
C:3464
D:3644What do you usually do after school? Playing football? Watching TV? Come on, we need something new! Let's see how kids in foreign countries spend their free time!
Mess Around with Dress-up
Do your parents have any old clothes? See if you get an old box and start collecting hats, shoes and clothes now! Then, when your friends come over after school,  you can play dress-up.  See if you  can make yourself into a doctor,or a cowboy,  or even a spaceman! Use glitter paint and old material to decorate the clothes the way you like them.
If you are really clever, you could even put on a show for your family!  Let your imagination run wild!
Want to learn new things after school? Want to make new friends who aren't in your class? You can get both of them in clubs.  In other countries, schools, there are usually all kinds of clubs for kids to join.  There is French club,student government, theater, choir  and photography club.
Take photography club as an example.  One may learn all the necessary skills about taking photos.  For example, you will learn how to choose a camera,how to use the light and how to develop pictures.  Sounds cool, right?
But that's not all.  One can also make a lot of friends in clubs.  It's always good to enjoy your spare time with friends,isn't it?
The question is: When you join a photography club,you cannot  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:enjoy your free time
B:get a camera for free
C:make some new friends
D:learn to take picturesBrave
Type: 3D cartoon  Comedy        Running time: 95 minutes
Merida, a princess, refused to marry a person that she dislikes. This causes trouble for her family and the whole country. Merida turns to a witch  for help. In doing so, her family and the country are in danger. Merida must save her family and the country before it is too late.
The Grey
Type: Action         Running time: 117 minutes
The Grey is based on the short story "Ghost Walker" written by Ian Mackenzie Jeffers. It's about a number of oil men who are in trouble in Alaska after a plane crash . They have to fight against grey wolves that threaten their lives.
Mirror Mirror
Type: Comedy        Running time: 106 minutes
You must know the story of Snow White. Would you like to see this story again? Come to see Mirror Mirror. It's a comedy about Snow White. Lily Collins and Julia Roberts are the main actresses in this interesting movie.
Chimpanzee
Type: Documentary      Running time: 78 minutes
This movie is directed by Alastair Fothergill and Mark Linfield. It's a 2012 nature documentary film about a young chimpanzee named Oscar. He is alone in the African forests until he is raised by another chimpanzee. The chimpanzee takes care of Oscar like his own child.
The question is: Which movie lasts the longest time?
The possible answers are:
A:Brave.
B:The Grey.
C:Chimpanzee.
D:Mirror Mirror.You are probably familiar with the saying:An apple a day keeps the doctor away. A recent research carried out by the Chinese University of Hong Kong may change the saying:
An apple a day may keep aging away.
The research chose fruit flies , as they share many genes with humans. The fruit flies were either fed normally or had an apple extract  added to their diet.
It turned out that those fruit flies that were given apple extract lived about 55 days--five days longer than the flies that were normally fed. The research group also found it easier for the flies to walk,climb and move about as they aged.
According to the result, the researchers believed that the antioxidants  in the apple extract helped clean up dangerous chemicals  that cause illnesses,as well as aging.
In another study,researchers examined diets of thousands of women. They discovered that those who regularly ate apples were 20 percent less likely to suffer heart illnesses and stroke.
The apples' genetic code  was discovered recently. It allows scientists to develop nicer and healthier fruits. Researchers are already using the information to grow a kind of apples full of antioxidants that can keep eyes and joints healthy and protect humans against heart illnesses and cancer.
Apples that kill the desire  to eat could also be produced, with the first"extra-healthy''apples on supermarket shelves within just four or five years.
The team that keeps studying apple DNA includes 100 scientists from five countries. Their research also suggests that around 65 million years ago, when dinosaurs began to die off the plant,which would finally become today's apple tree, experienced a great genetic change. The number of many of its genes doubled. The extra genes allowed the apple to get used to worse conditions and go through a different development from peaches,strawberries and other related fruits.
The question is: What result did the researchers find out?
The possible answers are:
A:Apples produce chemicals that can change human genes.
B:Apples have antioxidants that kill chemicals that cause aging.
C:Apples are rich in vitamins that are needed in humans' bodies.
D:Apples produce chemicals that make apples taste more delicious.The First Lady's Travel Journal: Touring the Forbidden City
March 21, 2014
After visiting the Beijing Normal School, Madame Peng took Sasha and Malia, my mother, and me to the Forbidden City, which is right in the heart of Beijing.
For more than 2,000 years (up until 1912), China was ruled by emperors who descended   from many different dynasties, or families, who passed ruling positions on from generation to generation -- and for nearly 500 years, the Forbidden City used as the emperor's home.
Like the name suggests, the Forbidden City is large enough to be a city of its own -- it includes nearly 1,000 buildings and nearly 10,000 rooms.
In 1925, the new Chinese government turned the Forbidden City into a museum so that visitors like us from all over the world can stroll   through many of the beautiful rooms and outdoor spaces.
The Forbidden City is too large to fully experience in a single visit, but the following: The Hall of Union and Peace has almost 14,000 ornamental dragons. The Hall of Supreme Harmony is where the emperor   [:]watched birthday celebrations and coronation   ceremonies from his Dragon Throne . And then there are the Imperial Gardens, where you can walk along the paths and pavilions, admiring the beautiful rock arrangements, flowers and cypress trees.
While we loved our visit to the Forbidden City, we only wish we had more time to see everything. But then again, I'm not sure there could ever be enough time to fully enjoy all of the art and history in this wonderful place.
The question is: The writer visited The Forbidden City with   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:her daughters
B:her husband
C:her mother
D:her mother and two daughtersMary is an American girl. Her parents, Mr. and Mrs. Smith find work in China. So Mary is living in China now with her parents. Mr. Smith works in a big shop. Mrs. Smith teaches English in a middle school.
Mary goes to school from Monday to Friday. On Saturdays she goes to the library with her mother. She likes reading magazines there very much. Then she eats dinner at a restaurant with her parents. On Sundays, Mary often helps her mother do the housework. That makes her mother very happy. But last week Mary had a busy Sunday. On Sunday morning, she stayed at home and studied for an exam. On Sunday afternoon she went to the park and played tennis with her friend, Lee.
The question is: What does Mary's mother do?
The possible answers are:
A:A doctor.
B:A bank clerk.
C:An English teacher.
D:A shop assistant.I used to live in a small town with trees all around. It is about thirty years since I left my hometown. But I still remember what it was exactly like. And I often "see" it in many of my dreams. My hometown is a beautiful place. It stands beside a wide river and is rich in fish and rice.
But in the old days it was a poor and backward little town. Many people had no work. They lived a hard life. There was no tall building and the only street was narrow. But trees and flowers made the town beautiful. Just outside the town, there was a river. You could see different kinds of fish swimming in the clear water. People here lived a simple life.
Since a new policy  was taken by the government, great changes have taken place there. The streets have been widened. Factories, schools, hospitals, cinemas and theatres have been built one after another. People's life is greatly improved. You can see tall buildings, big department stores and factories everywhere. Different kinds of cars and buses are running in the wide streets.
But with the development of the industry , we have fewer trees. Air and water pollution is becoming more and more serious. And there are also other problems. We should try our best to make it richer. At the same time, we must do something to stop pollution and make our town even more beautiful.
The question is: When did the writer leave his hometown?
The possible answers are:
A:About ten years ago.
B:About twenty years ago.
C:About thirty years ago.
D:About forty years ago.Do you like to play outside? Do you like to run? Do you like to play with a ball? You can do all of these things if you play soccer.
Soccer players cannot throw and catch the ball. They cannot touch the ball with their hands. Soccer players can only kick the ball.
Soccer is played with two teams. There is a goal  for each team. Players on one team want to kick the ball into one goal. Players on the other team want to kick the ball into the other goal. Players score when the ball goes into the other team's goal. They make one point.
Lots of people play soccer. You can be young or old, big or small. Soccer is easy to play. All you need is a ball and a place to play. Then find enough players to make two teams.
The question is: How many teams is soccer played with?
The possible answers are:
A:A lot.
B:Eleven.
C:Two.
D:Four.If you're into sports, you've seen it happen--tennis players jump over the net to shake hands after a hard match; football players exchange clothes after 90 minutes of knocking each other around; even boxers touch gloves at the beginning of each round. Players in every event, from spelling _ to golf, act in this way. It's all part of sportsmanship, a great tradition in sport and competition. It means playing and being calm all through the match.
Everyone feels great when they win. In the last few years, you might see some players celebrate a goal with a long victory dance or talk big about their ability. However, it's always hard for people to say in public that they made a bad play. Good sportsmanship is what they really need. It's the golden rule of sports.
Good sportsmanship means that you play by the rules, talk politely to everyone during games and stay cool even when you lose the game. At the school sports meeting, for example, it's more important for you to know how to work as part of a team and cheer your teammates on. That may help you enjoy more success at your future work. In competition--as in life--you may not always win, but believe me, sportsmanship will help you get through, and there is always the next match.
,.
The question is: What match do you know will last 90 minutes?
The possible answers are:
A:Tennis
B:Football
C:Golf
D:Spelling beesBritish Study Tours
Using the wonderful railway system   we offer an unusual holiday, sport and study program  . Your hotel is a train: eat and sleep on the train and spend each day in a different part of Britain.
Summer Schools in France
We offer summer schools for students between the ages of 12 and 16. Live with a French family and choose from different activities including horse-riding, football, swimming and skiing.
Summer in Australia
We will arrange  a program for your students. All our courses take place at the college in Sydney. Morning classes are held in Chinese; evening classes on Australian history are in English. We offer an exciting program of evening activities including music. Dance and theatre.
Holiday Programs in Germany
We offer morning classes in German at all levels  from beginner upwards. In the afternoon you are free to join in our mountain walks or to go shopping in the nearby town. In the evening we organize  a full program for fun. All ages welcome.
The question is: "Summer School in France" is different from the others in that you can   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:go at any time of the year
B:stay with a local family
C:go at any age
D:do sportsNow the VOA Special English program Words and Their Stories.
( MUSIC)
Many everyday American expressions are based on colors.
Red is a hot color. Americans often use it to express heat. When they are red-hot, they are very angry about something. Fast loud music is popular with many people. They may say such music is red-hot.
Pink is a lighter kind of red. People sometimes say they are in the pink when they are in good health. The expression was first used in America at the beginning of the 20thcentury. It probably comes from the fact that many babies are born with a nice pink color that shows that they are in good health.
Blue is a cool color. The blues music in the United States is the opposite of red-hot music. Blues is slow and sad. Someone who is blue is very sad.
The color green is natural for trees and grass. But it is an unnatural color for humans. A person who has a sick feeling in the stomach may say he feels a little green. A passenger on a boat who is feeling very sick from high waves may look very green. Sometimes a person may be _ because he does not have something as nice as a friend has, like a fast new car. That person may say he is green with envy. Some people are green with envy because a friend has more dollars or greenbacks. Dollars are called greenbacks because that is the color of the back of the paper money.
The color black is used often in expressions. People describe a day on which everything goes wrong as a black day.
(MUSIC)
I'm Warren Scheer. Listen again next week for another Words and Their Stories program in Special English on the Voice of America.
The question is: What is this passage probably written for?
The possible answers are:
A:A radio program.
B:A news report.
C:A telephone call.
D:A TV play.From the time each of my children started school, I packed their lunches. And in each lunch I packed, I left a note. The note might be a thank-you for a special moment, or a few words of encouragement for the coming test or sporting event.
When they were little, they loved their notes. And when I went back to teaching, they even put notes in my lunches. As they grew older, my elder son, Marc, told me that he no longer needed my daily notes. Telling him that he no longer needed to read them but I still needed to write them, I continued the tradition until the day he graduated.
Six years after high school graduation, Marc called and asked if he could stay at home for a couple of months. He had spent those years well, and he was very successful. He lived far away from home. With his younger sister leaving for college, I was especially looking forward to seeing Marc at home.
Since I was still making lunch every day for his younger brother, I packed one for Marc, too. Imagine my surprise when I got a call from my 24-year-old son, complaining   about his lunch.
"Did I do something wrong? Aren't I still your kid? Don't you love me any more, Mom?" he asked.
I laughingly asked him what was wrong.
"My note, Mom," he answered. "Where's my note?"
This year my younger son will be in high school. He, too, has said that he is too old for notes. But like his elder brother and sister, he will receive those notes till the day he graduates.
The question is: Every time the writer packed lunches for her children,  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:she wrote them a letter
B:she gave them a kiss
C:she gave some flowers to them
D:she wrote them a noteAlderbury International Festival Society
FESTIVAL  22ND  MAY-9TH JUNE 2012
Art
Displays of paintings, drawings and photographs from Europe and Asia are all part of the Festival programme, with a total of more than 400 pieces of work to be seen.
Early century advertisements will be on display at this year's festival. Copies of these advertisements are to be sold at the box office.
Music
There will be a huge rang of music in this year's festival from 14thdance music to modern jazz. Many famous musicians will be visiting the Festival as well as at least two internationally famous bands.
Lunchtime concerts-Every day of the Festival!
All lunchtime concerts begin at 1:00p.m. and last about 55 minutes, except on Monday, 26 of May, which is to be held in the Guildhall. All tickets are priced at PS2.00.
How to get the tickets
Telephone reservations: 63362/6641 from 1stApril
Payment for tickets reserved by telephone must be received at the Festival Box Office within 3 days. The tickets will then be sent by post.
One can buy tickets in person from 1stMay. The Festival Box Office will be open as follows:
Monday to Saturday 9:30 a.m.-5:30 p.m.
Sunday(during the Festival only )9:30 a.m.-1:00 p.m.
The question is: It is not possible for you to buy a ticket in person at   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:5:30 p.m. on Sunday
B:10:30 a.m. on Monday
C:3:00 p.m. on Saturday
D:1:p.m. on Fridayjoin us together and set us apart. Today, our society has a terrible lack of values. Here are some social values that everyone needs.
*Respect
Respect means to respect others in everyday life. Even if you are against a person, it is important to have respect. It is this respect that makes us human. Without this respect, we become  animals. We need to respect our friends for our friendships. We even need to respect our enemies, because they help us to grow up and be stronger. Respect is one of the crucial values in a relationship.
*Love
Love is everything. With love in our hearts, we feel no need to hurt another. With love in our hearts, we will pay more attention to the similarities in opinions rather than the disagreement. If we want others to be good to us, we need to be good to them. After all, we give love to get love, right?
*Loyalty
People often forget the meaning and importance of loyalty . Loyalty is necessary for people to believe in each other. In no matter what kind of relationship, we need to believe in each other so that we can work together towards the same goal.
*Honesty
Honesty is to show other people who we really are. Honesty helps us do better, because it makes us realize our problems and find ways to solve them. It is this honesty, that will make others help you out, not because you need it. But, because they have problems too, which you can help out with. This honesty will help us follow the other values in society and, truly, "heal the world"!
The question is: The best title of the passage can be "   _   ".
The possible answers are:
A:Values we need for our society
B:Love and honesty
C:Our society
D:How to change our societySteven Jobs, the CEO of Apple, was not a good student when he was in school. At that time, he always got into trouble with his schoolmates. When he went to college, he didn't change a lot. Then he dropped out . But he was full of new ideas.
After that, Steven Jobs worked as a video game designer in a company. He worked there only for a few months and then he went to India. He hoped that the trip would give him some new ideas and a new chance to change his life.
Steven Jobs lived on a farm in California for a year after he returned from India. In 1975, he began to make a new type of computer. He designed the first Apple Computer with his friend in his garage. He chose the name"Apple"just because it reminded him of a happy summer he once  spent in an apple orchard.
His first Apple Computer was a great success. Because of this, Steven Jobs soon became famous all over the world.
The question is: Steven Jobs always got into trouble with  _  in school.
The possible answers are:
A:his schoolmates
B:his parents
C:his teachers
D:his brothersWhen tea and coffee were first introduced to Europe in the 18th century, people had different ideas about their use.Some said that tea and coffee were harmful to humans and they could cause  people to die.
In Sweden , King Gustaf III decided to find out whether or not this was true.It happened that there were two brothers in prison at that time.They were twins and were almost alike in every way.They had both been sentenced to death  .The King decided to let them live if one of the men agreed to drink several cups of tea each day and the other several cups of coffee.
Both brothers lived many years without problems of any kind.At last,the brother who had drunk tea every day died at the age of 83,the other died a few years later.
Because of the experiment , tea and coffee got accepted   and became popular as drink in Sweden, and it is one of the many countries of the world where much tea and coffee is drunk today.
The question is: Tea and coffee were first introducd to Europe in  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:the eighteenth century
B:the eighteen century
C:eighteenth centuries
D:eighteen centuriesDo you want to know about my staying in America? It was really an eye-opening experience. In China, I had English classes five times a week. However, I didn't know how different textbook English was from daily English until I went to Hotchkiss School, Connecticut. When I first studied English, I was told to say "I'm fine" when people say "How are you?" But in America, I found that people said "I'm good" or "I'm tired." One day, someone greeted me with "What's up?" It made me _ . I thought for a moment and then smiled because I didn't know what to say.
To my surprise, American girls spend a lot of time in the burning sun. However, in China, girls try every possible way to get their skin whiter. I'm also surprised by how hard-working American students are. In China, schoolwork is almost everything, so we study hard. But in America, a good student gets good grades, does a lot for the public and plays sports or music.
The question is: Which of the following is NOT true according to the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:The writer has returned from America.
B:American girls love to have white skin.
C:Schoolwork is almost everything for Chinese students.
D:American students are hard-working.Garry Golden is a futurist. Futurists are scientists who analyze the way the world is today and use that information.to predict what the world will be like in the future. Golden focuses on the study of transportation.  He spends his days studying the relationships between cars, subways, and trains. But he's most excited about imagining the way these relationships will change in the future.
Many public transportation supporters dislike big cities because they spend hours driving from one side of the city to the other.  And there aren't enough buses and. subways.
However, Golden sees a trend   toward fewer cars' in the future. He explains, "Cities have a cost of car ownership, which is a challenge. All these vehicles cost the city in services, in having to repair roads and other things. "Cars also take up a lot of space.
Golden points out that having so many parking spaces is wasteful. Much of the time the parking spaces
sit empty. What is the solution?"I think cities will make new laws to limit the number of cars people can have ," says Golden. "Instead, people will use taxis, subways, and buses. New technology, like smartphones, can make these forms of public transportation even better. Imagine if everyone had a smartphone and used them to signal  when they wanted to ride the bus. Buses could change their route  to meet people's requests."
How soon would these changes come? Golden admits that it will take several years.  Cities can be slow to change. Also, new systems of transportation can be expensive. "But it's coming," he says. "The trend of the empowered city will be here soon. "
The other trend that excites Golden is electric cars. Golden especially believes in the future of electric cars that have sensors  to understand the world around them. "If we have cars that can communicate with one another, they can adjust speeds to cut down on traffic jams,"he says. Rush hour in big cities would be much less painful.
One challenge is that it is hard to cheaply produce batteries that are strong enough for these cars. But Golden argues we could, also make cars out of strong plastic composites . The cars would then be much lighter and much cheaper to make.
Golden remains positive about the future. "There are so many exciting developments ,"he says. "In thirty years we will live a different world. "
The question is: Which of the following statements is true according to Golden?
The possible answers are:
A:New buses will take the place of cars as a way of transportation.
B:Electric cars with sensors will be able to put an end to traffic jams.
C:Future cars could be lighter because of strong and powerful batteries.
D:Future buses can receive signals and change their routes accordingly:Joe:What do you do on weekends?
David:Well, I usually have to study on Saturdays.
Joe:And how about Sundays?
David:Well, we have lunch together. You know, all of the members of my family. Then after lunch, I go to the park and meet my friends.
Joe:Oh? What do you do there?
David:We play football. After that I usually go to see a film outside the city.
Joe:Do you often go out of the city?
David:About once a month. My uncle has a small farm.
Joe:It's nice. Do you go alone?
David:No, my mum, my two sisters and some of my friends go there, too.
Joe:But why do you go there?
David:Many things: green trees, clean air, and there are few people.
The question is: What does David do on Saturdays?
The possible answers are:
A:Study.
B:Go to the park.
C:Play football.
D:Go out of the city.Hellen Keller was born in 1880 in the USA. When she was about 19 months old, she got very ill. After many weeks, the doctor told her parents, "Your daughter is better, but now she can't see and she can't hear." Her mother and her father were very sad. After a few years , things got worse. There was no way for Helen to speak to other people. She heard nothing. She didn't understand anything.
Then one day a teacher came. Her name was Anne Sullivan. She lived with Helen and her family. The teacher helped Helen learn words. Helen was a very bright child and soon she learned to spell her first word. When she was older, she went to college .
Helen was a very old woman when she died. The world remembers her today as a brave and wonderful person. She was blind and deaf, but she found a way to see and hear. It helped many people in the world.
The question is: What happened to Helen when she was 19 months?
The possible answers are:
A:She got very ill.
B:She began to go to school.
C:She left her home.
D:Her mother died.The best way of learning a language is using it. The best way of learning English is talking in English as much as possible. Sometimes you'll get your words mixed up  and people will not understand you. Sometimes people will say things too quickly and you can't understand them. But if you keep your sense of humor , you can always have a good laugh at your mistakes you make. Don't be unhappy if people seem to be laughing at your mistakes. It's better for people to laugh at your mistakes than to be angry with you, because they don't understand what you are saying. The most important things for learning English is: "Don't be afraid of making mistakes because everyone makes mistakes ."
The question is: The writer thinks that the best way for you to learn a language is  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:writing in it
B:using it
C:listening to it
D:learning its grammarHave You Planned Three Things to Do Before You Are 18?
I know most of us have a long way to reach an adult. At present, are you bored with your daily life? Here are some things you should try before you are 18,because after that it's too late.
Learn to swim
Seriously, this is so important that it can save your life. If you can't swim well,you won't be able to do water sports like waterskiing, surfing and diving. Even taking a boat trip will be dangerous for you. Make sure you do it.
Try at least one kind of team sports
Being a good team player is an important skill in life. You can't just think of yourself,but have to work well with other people. Other advantages of team sports like basketball, football and baseball are that they keep you fit and healthy, and they are also great fun. Teams usually have _ too--you'll go to lots of parties and make many friends.
Collect something
One of the best hobbies for under-18s is collecting things. You could collect kinds of stamps,or you could collect things that make you remember what you have done,like cinema tickets for films you have seen or emails from friends. The best way to collect is to have a special album to put your collection in and to write what each thing means to you. That way you won't forget.
The question is: What kind of collection is NOT mentioned in the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:Stamps.
B:Cinema tickets.
C:Snowballs.
D:Emails.We've talked about snails   and their slow move. But much of the time snails don't move at all. They're in their shells ---sleeping .
Hot sun will dry out a snail's body. So at the least sign of hot sun, a snail draws its body into its shell and closes the opening with a thin cover. Then it goes to sleep. A snail will die in a heavy rain. So whenever it rains, it goes inside its shell house and goes to sleep. A snail can sleep for as long as it needs to. It can take a short sleep. Or it can sleep for days at a time. And it spends all the winter months in its shell, asleep.
In spring the snail wakes up. Its body, about three inches long, comes out of from the shell. When hungry, the snail looks for food. It can't see very well. Its eyes, at the ends of the top feelers are very weak. But its sense of smell is very strong. It helps the snail to the new greens. Then the snail's little mouth goes to work.
A snail's mouth is no longer than the point of a pin . Yet it has 256,000 teeth! The teeth are so small that you can't see them. But they do their work.. If you put a snail in a hard paper box, it will eat its way out. And if a snail wears out its teeth, it will grow new ones.
Mostly, a snail looks for food at night .But on cloudy days it eats in the daytime. It eats all day long. A snail can go on eating for hours and never feel full.
The question is: A snail  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:moves more slowly in the daytime
B:has thousands of feet
C:doesn't move at all
D:sleeps much of the timeBooks are our best friends. They are very quiet, but we can always find both fun and knowledge once we open them. Here are two good books you can read during the holiday.
Book: The Little Prince 
French writer :Antoine de Saint-Exupery
Both adults and children love this classic book. It is about the adventure of a young prince. It shows the importance of innocence (  ) ,imagination and love. The little prince comes from planet B-612. In his eyes ,adults are all very strange. Unlike them, he sees the essence  of things .He cares more about a flower and a sheep than the " important" things of adult world.
The prince lives on his planet with a rose. He loves the rose very much. But he soon feels tired and leaves his planet. He meets many more strange adults on other planets. On Earth, he discovers interesting things such as a snake, other roses and a fox. The fox tells him a secret :Only the heart can discover the most important things. This helps the prince realize his love for the rose and he goes back to his planet.
Book: To Succeed on One's Own(  )
American Writer :Liu Yong
Writer Liu Yong from Taiwan wrote this book for his daughter .It can help young people succeed. The book teaches you about student-teacher relationship, how to use your free time and even what kind of clothes to wear. It answers many of teenagers' most common questions. Liu uses his daughter's stories as an example to help readers understand the principles  . His book is far from boring. There are lively stories and dialogues,
with objective analysis ,hope and confidence  from a good father.
,.
The question is: From the passage, we know that we can always find in books.
The possible answers are:
A:the importance of innocence, imagination and love
B:the answers to many of teenagers' most common questions
C:the objective analysis ,hope and confidence
D:Both fun and knowledge.About five hundred years ago, an earthquake happened in a small village. Luckily for them, it didn't destroy   anything and no one was hurt. But a large stone fell from a nearby mountain and stopped in the middle of the road. When the earthquake stopped, many people came to the road and saw the stone. Some of the strongest men wanted to move it away, they tried again and again but at last they failed. "Well," they said sadly ,"there's nothing we can do about it, we'll have to change the way." At this time a boy of 12 years old said , " I think I can move the stone away." "You?" all the strong men laughed at the boy, "What are you talking about ?"
The next morning people were all surprised to see that the stone was gone. It wasn't on the road any longer and it wasn't even near the road. The boy smiled and said "I _ it."
The people looked rather surprised. "You see," he said , "I dug   a deep hole next to the stone and I dug a small incline   up to the stone and the stone rolled down into the hole itself. Then I covered it with earth. "The villagers shouted "Clever boy! Clever boy!" and some of them said, " Why didn't we think out this good idea ?"
The question is: Around 500 years ago, this story happened in a small  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:town
B:village
C:city
D:countryA young man asked Albert Einstein, the great German scientist, "What the secret of success  is.?" The scientist told him that the secret of success is hard work. A few days later the young man asked the same question again. Einstein was very _ . He did not say anything, but wrote a few words on a piece of paper. On it was written "A=X+Y+Z".
"What does this mean?" asked the young man.
"A means success," explained the old scientist, "X stands for hard work, Y for good method   and Z means stop talking and get down to work."
The question is: Einstein was a man who   _
The possible answers are:
A:liked to talk with young people
B:liked to help others
C:liked to make friends with young people
D:liked to work , but didn't like to talkOnce upon a time if we wanted to make a phone call or wait for someone to contact us, we had to sit at home or at our desks. There were public phones in the street of course, _ . And of course you had to bring a lot of coins to pay for the calls.
So people didn't phone their friends as often. Mobile phones, these small pieces of electronic equipment which allow us to talk with friends and family while we are on the move, have greatly changed the way we live. Before the age of the mobile phone, our loved ones would sit around worried sick if we were late coming home. There were no quick calls to tell mum that there would be additional guests coming for dinner. We would have to depend on notes left on fridges or desks to communicate messages.
But mobile phones have also had a negative effect and what people don't seem to realize is that we've lost something very valuable: our privacy. Now our friends and family can contact us wherever and whenever they want to. We can never get away from them. The way people communicate with each other is totally different now. It's difficult to have a conversation face-to-face with a friend without being disturbed every couple of minutes by the ring of their phones, ,most people don't see anything wrong in having a long conversation on their mobile phone while forgetting all about the person sitting opposite. It seems the art of real conversation may be dying.
Of course, people could leave their mobile phones at home or even switch them off but no one ever does that. Why not? Because the worrying thing is we can't live without our phones. We've become communication addicts, unable to spend even a few minutes out of contact, in case we miss something  'important'.
The question is: What's the writer's main purpose in writing this article?
The possible answers are:
A:To inform people about means of communication in the past.
B:To show disadvantages of the way people communicate today.
C:To advise readers to stop using the mobile phone.
D:To compare different types of phone conversation.Many children think mobile phones are cool. They come in fun colors and let you talk with friends anytime and anywhere.
In the U.S., more than 90 million people use mobile phones. Many of these people are children. For children, mobile phones are more than phone calls. They are fashionable.
Most mobile phone users don't think about the health problems caused  by mobile phones. Some scientists say that mobile phones give off radiation  that might be bad for the users. One newest study shows that mobile phone radiation might raise  a person's chance of getting some kinds of cancer . Other scientists say mobile phones don't' threaten people's health. They say that they have not found any link  between phone use and cancer.
Scientists say that people can protect   themselves from mobile phone radiation. One way is to use a headset . Or people can make shorter call.
The question is: Some scientists think mobile phones aren't   _   for users health. They causes some kinds of cancer
The possible answers are:
A:bad
B:good
C:wrong
D:helpfulJohn is a very strong man. He gets a job of cutting  trees in a forest. His boss gives him an axe and showed him the area where he should work.
The first day, John cuts down 18 trees. "Good," the boss says, "keep it up!" happily, John  tries harder the next day, but he only cuts down 15 trees. The third day he tries even harder, but he can only cut down 10 trees. Day after day he cuts down fewer and fewer trees.
"I must be losing my strength ," John thinks. He goes to the boss to say sorry and says that he can not know what is going on. "When is the last time you sharpen  your axe?"  the boss asks. "I'm busy cutting trees, so I have no time to do _ . "
The moral of this story: While John is working hard, he doesn't work "smart". He doesn't think about the best way to do his job.
The question is: What does the boss think of John the first day?
The possible answers are:
A:He thinks John works hard.
B:He thinks John works in a wrong way.
C:He thinks John is very smart
D:He thinks John cuts down too many trees.A young man once went to buy a pair of pants. When he got home, he went upstairs to his bedroom and put them on. He found that they were two inches  long.
Then he came out of his room to see his mother and his two sisters. They were washing something in the kitchen."These new pants are too long, they need to be shortened  about two inches. Would one of you like to do this for me, please?" His mother and sisters were busy and none  of them said anything. The mother went upstairs after she had finished washing and shortened the pants two inches. But she didn't tell her daughters about it.
Later on, after supper, the elder sister remembered her brother's pants. So she went upstairs without saying to anyone, and shortened the pants two inches.
The younger sister went to the cinema, but when she came back, she also remembered what her brother had said. So she ran upstairs, and took two inches
off the legs of the new pants
The question is: How many inches were the legs of the new pants shortened by at last?
The possible answers are:
A:Two.
B:Four.
C:Six.
D:Eight.Everybody in London knew Mr. Scrooge. He was very rich but also very mean. The most important thing in his life was money!
At six o'clock Bob Cratchit, Scrooge's clerk, went to Mr. Scrooge. "Excuse me. sir. Tomorrow is Christmas Day, can l stay at home?"
"Stay at home," shouted Scrooge. "I don't pay you to stay at home!" "But it is Christmas," said Cratchit. "Very well," said Scrooge. "but you must work double hours on Boxing Day!" "Yes sir, certainly sir, Merry Christmas, sir." "Get out," shouted Scrooge. "Christmas! Everybody talks about Christmas!" said Scrooge. "It's just an excuse not to work. People want money too. Always money! For doing nothing!" Scrooge put on his hat and coat and left the office.
It was Christmas Eve and everyone was shopping. It was dark and Scrooge was alone. He saw a person dressed in black.
"Are you the Spirit  of Christmas to come?" asked Scrooge. The Spirit didn't speak. It pointed to a group of people. The people were talking. "Is he dead?" asked one man. "Yes. No-one will cry for him," said another. "He was a horrible, unkind man. He never gave money to us poor people. He wasn't a happy man." "Who's dead?" asked Scrooge. The Spirit pointed down. It was a grave . There were no flowers and no people there. "Who is it?" asked Scrooge nervously. The Spirit pointed again. "No, I don't want to look, I want to go home." But the Spirit didn't move. Very slowly Scrooge rubbed the snow away. On the grave were the words EBENEZER SCROOGE.
It was morning. Christmas morning. Scrooge was in bed! "I'm alive, I'm alive, how wonderful!" He jumped out of bed, singing and dancing as he went around the room. "What a beautiful day it is. I love Christmas. I love everybody."
He went to the butcher's and said, "Take the biggest turkey you have to Bob Cratchit's house." Scrooge met the two men collecting money for the poor. "Please take this," said Scrooge to the men and gave them a big sum of money for the poor. From that Christmas Scrooge was a new man. He helped the poor and was kind to everyone. He became a happy man and everybody loved him.
The question is: What kind of man was Scrooge in the past?
The possible answers are:
A:A rich and happy man.
B:A rich but unkind man.
C:A poor but happy man.
D:A poor hard-working man.Shanghai is a nice city. The weather here is mild  , that is, it is neither too hot nor too cold. It changes from season to season. Now many tall buildings have been set up one after another. But at the same time, the city is full of people. As a result, the traffic is terrible. Traffic jams   happen during the rush  hours. If you want to go to a place far away, the fastest way is neither driving, nor riding a bike. It is often walking! The policemen in Shanghai are very helpful. Visitors can ask them for help if they lose their way or lose something. But when you disobey  the traffic rules, they will be very strict with you. A lot of people in Shanghai can speak English. Travellers from English speaking countries feel at home here. Welcome to Shanghai.
The question is: English speaking people can often   _   people in the streets in Shanghai.
The possible answers are:
A:listen to
B:talk to
C:get
D:askI'm Tom. This is a pencil case. It's orange. It's my pencil case. What's in the pencil case? A ruler is in the pencil case. It is my ruler. The ruler is blue and red. That is a pencil. It is black and white. It is not my pencil. Look! That girl is Lucy. It is her pencil. That boy is Tim. I found his green pen in the pencil case. I call Tim at 7890003. It is his telephone number.
The question is: _   found the pen in the lost and found case.
The possible answers are:
A:Tom
B:Lucy
C:Lily
D:TimMrs. Brown lives in a small village. Her husband is dead. She has a son but no daughters. His name is John and he is twenty-five. After John finishes college  , he gets work in a big city, New York, and he lives there. It's quite a long way from his mother's home, and she is not happy about it. But John says, "There is no good work for me in this small village, Mother, and I can get a lot of money in New York. Then I can give much to you."
One day Mrs. Brown is very angry. She takes a train to her son's house in New York. Then she says to him. "John, why do you never call me?"
"But mother," John laughs   and says, "You don't have a telephone with you."
"No," she says, "I haven't, but you have one."
The question is: Which is right?
The possible answers are:
A:The village is near New York
B:John works in a big city and his mother likes it
C:In the village there is no good work for John
D:John never gives money to his mother.Perhaps the most famous clothing brand name in the world is Levi's.Levi Strauss & Co.is the producer of blue denim jeans.Here's how it happened.
In the mid 1800s many people went to California to look for gold.A young German named Levi Strauss traveled to San Francisco to help his brother on business.He sold canvas to the workers for tents.But the workers said they needed pants more,because their pants were easy to wear out.Instead of selling his canvas for tent-making,he turned it into pants.These kinds of pants were very popular with workers.He was very happy and named the kind of pants"denims".And in 1853 he founded Levi Strauss & Co.
Twenty years later the company began using a design with pockets.During the working,Strauss _ the process for putting metal rivets in the eans for strength.
On May 20,1873,they received the U.S.Patent No.139,121 for the process and that date is now considered the official birthday of"blue jeans".
Today the company still has its factories in San Francisco,California.Over 11,000 people work in them and bring in over $4 billion a year.
The question is: The blue denim jeans have about  _  years of history.
The possible answers are:
A:100
B:130
C:140
D:200"Everything happens for the best," my mother said whenever I faced disappointment. "If you can carry on, one day something good will happen."
After graduating from college in 1932, I decided to try for a job in radio, then work my way up to sports announcer . I took the bus to Chicago and knocked on the door of every station. But I was refused every time. In one studio, a nice lady told me that big stations didn't want to accept inexperienced persons. "Go to the countryside and find a small station that'll give you a chance," she said.
I returned home, Dixon in Illinois. While there were no radio-announcing jobs in Dixon, my father said Smith Ward had opened a store and wanted a local sportsman to manage its sports department. Since I had played high school football in Dixon, I applied . The job sounded just right for me. But I still failed in the interview. At that moment, mom's words came to my mind: "Everything happens for the best." Dad offered me a car to look for a job. I tried WOC Radio in Davenport in Iowa. The program director, named Peter MacArthur, told me they had already hired an announcer.
As I left his office, I felt sad. I asked aloud, "How can a man become a sports announcer if he can't get a job in a radio station?"
I was waiting for the lift when I heard MacArthur calling, "What did you say about sports? Do you know anything about football?" Then he made me stand before a microphone and asked me to broadcast an imaginary game. As a result, I did a wonderful job and was told to broadcast Saturday's game!
On my way home, I thought of my mother's words again: "Everything happens for the best if you carry on. One day something good will happen."
The question is: Which sentence below is TRUE?
The possible answers are:
A:In all, the writer went to three cities to look for the job.
B:The writer took the train to different places to look for the job.
C:The writer gave up finally when he was refused again and again.
D:MacArthur gave the writer a chance to broadcast Saturday's game directly.Each year, we celebrate many holidays here in America.
On January 1, we welcome the coming of a new year like many people in other countries. And we have another four holidays on the first day of a month: April Fool's Day, May Day, Friendship Day (Aug.1) and Grandparents Day (Sep. 1).
The most important holiday for the young people comes in February. It is Valentine's Day. Lots of boys give red roses to girls as a present.
People celebrate some holidays for their family members. We say thanks to our mother in May and celebrate Father's Day in the following month. In November many people return home for Thanksgiving Day, so the whole family can stay together.
There are also some interesting holidays for children. For example, Halloween comes at the end of October. Children often play with pumpkin lanterns and put on all kinds of masks.
Of course, the most important festival is Christmas. After a year of work and study, people can enjoy a long holiday, eat big meals, and visit family and friends.
The question is: From the reading we know that Father's Day comes  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:in May
B:in April.
C:in June
D:in JulyIf you need to call your parents but your phone is not with you, can you remember their numbers?
To remember 11 numbers is not difficult. However, because of the smartphone, many of us are losing this ability. What's more, smartphones weaken our skills at giving directions, as well as killing face-to-face communications. Even when friends are having a meal together, it's common for most to check their phones.
According to a report by Kleiner Perkins Caufield Byers, an American company, Chinese people spend about 170 minutes on their smartphones daily.
Many students are _ to using smartphones. It does no good to their study. Research by Japan's Education Ministry showed children who spend more than four hours a day on their phones perform much worse in school test than those who play with their phones for 30 minutes.
It's true that the smartphone has made our lives easier. But many also think they spend too much time on it, and this is bad for their study or work. People are trying to change that.
A new app called Forest was introduced this month. It lets users plant a seed that grows into a tree over the next 30 minutes. During the half hour, users cannot use their phones, or the tree will die.
A restaurant in Los Angeles, US, gives people a 5% discount   if they don't check their phones during a meal. Owner Mark Gold said he hopes it gives people a way to enjoy their meal and actually talk with friends and family in person.
The question is: The app "Forest" is used to   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:encourage people to plant more trees
B:get people to change their smartphones
C:help people better control smartphone using
D:offer people a new game to enjoy themselvesHenry Smith taught science at the City School. One day, he wen to a bookstore and bought some books. Most of them were expensive. He left them in his car in a quiet street. Then he went and bought some other things at other shops. At 6 o'clock he came back to the car. One window was open and the books were gone. Henry drove back to his home in Lake Street.
That night he wrote a letter to a newspaper. The next day he went to the police station.
On Friday people read an advertisement in the newspaper.
BOOKS WANTED
DO YOU HAVE ANY BOOKS THAT YOU NO LONGER WANTED? I BUY OLD AND MODERN BOOKS. OPEN ALL DAY ON SATURDAY. HENRY SMITH, 18 LAKE STREET.
Henry stayed at home on Saturday. His first visitor came at 8 o'clock.
Henry took him to the kitchen. At half past nine another man arrived. He had a bag under his arm.
"Mr Smith?" the man asked.
"That's right," Henry said, "Can I help you?"
"I have some good books. You buy books, don't you?"
"Yes, bring them in. I'll have a look at them."
Soon the books were on the dining-table.
"Come in now," Henry called out, "And bring the list."
A policeman came into the dining-room. He read the titles  on the books and those on the list in his hand. They were the same.
"Come with me, Sir," the policeman said to the man.
The question is: Henry got his books back   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:by fooling the man into bringing the books to his house
B:by buying them from the first visitor
C:with the help of the bookstore
D:with the help of the City SchoolMrs.Green was eighty,but she had a small car,and she always drove to the shops on Saturday and bought her food.She didn't drive fast because she was old,but she drove well and never hit anything.
Sometimes her grandchildren said to her,"Please don't drive your car,grandmother.We can take you to the shops."
But she always said,"No,I like driving.I've been driving it for fifty years,and I'm not going to stop driving."
Last Saturday she stopped her car at some traffic lights because they were red and then it did not start again.The lights were green,then yellow,then red,then green again,but her car didn't start.
"What am I going to do now? "she said.
At this time a policeman came and said to her kindly,"Good morning.Don't you like any of our colours today? "
The question is: She was old,so she didn't drive  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:well
B:slow
C:fast
D:badlyA woodcutter  was working in the forest one day when he found a box full of gold coins. Unfortunately, his wife was the kind of woman who could not keep a secret. Somehow, he knew, he had to prevent  her from talking about the gold.
He thought about this for a long time, then had an idea.
" I found something in the forest", he told his wife, "come with me and I'll show you.".His wife followed him into the forest and soon they came to a tree." Look at that!" the woodcutter said to his wife, and pointed to the tree. "There's a fish growing on that branch!" His wife was surprised ,especially when he climbed up the tree and brought down the fish for her to see.They walked on and soon came to the river. "I'll just pull in my net and see what I've caught", the woodcutter said.
He pulled in his net and inside there were several hares . "How interesting!" he said "there are now hares in the river." After that, they came to where the woodcutter had found the box of gold. "Look, wife", he said "this is what I have found. A box of gold coins."
The next day, his wife could not stop herself from telling her friends about all the wonderful things she had seen.Of course, nobody believe her!
The question is: Where did the woodcutter find the box of gold?  _
The possible answers are:
A:When he was working
B:In his garden
C:In the forest where he was working
D:On his farm fields, where he was farmingToday is November 8th. It's Gina's birthday. She is twelve.  Jim , Kate and Bill are her friends. They want to buy some presents   for Gina. They  go to the shop near the school. There are a lot of things in the shop. They buy a big cake , two boxes of color pencils , a pencil-box and some nice exercise books. They want to buy two dolls   for Gina. But all the dolls are too dear .
The question is: They buy   _   for Gina.
The possible answers are:
A:big cake
B:two boxes of color pencils
C:a pencil-box and some nice exercise books
D:A, B and CMy dad used to say he knew I would be a singer. When I was a baby, I was always singing loudly. Dad was a big sports fan, but he was happy I loved music.
After dinner, Dad would often ask me to sing. He always said I sang I Will Always Love You much better than Whitney Houston!
At every school concert he cheered me on. The look of pride on his face made me happy.
My life was full of concerts, singing lessons and laughter. Though my mum and brothers helped me, they did not share our love for music.
Our lives changed when Dad was told that he had cancer. We always hoped that something would happen and he would get better, but the doctors told us that they could not save him.
About a week before my dad died, he fell into a coma  . The nurses said even though Dad did not reply, he could still hear me.
The nurses said I should sing him a song. I sang one of our favorites. As I sang, my dad gave a big smile, and clapped  .
I will always remember that smile. I was so pleased to know that Dad had heard me sing one more song.
My dad died on May 14, 2000. It was hard to believe: he was so full of life. I don't know how to say how much I miss him.
Now I have all the memories of him and his beautiful smile deep inside my heart. I will always know that he is listening from his front row seat in _ .
He used to say: "Sing from your heart."
My dad has been and will always be my hero.
The question is: According to the story, which of the following is TRUE?
The possible answers are:
A:Their lives didn't change though her father had cancer.
B:when the writer's father fell into a coma, he couldn't hear her song.
C:The writer's mum and brothers never helped or shared love for music.
D:The writer misses her father very much.Today Grandma comes for a visit. She gives my sister and me a box of chocolate candies. We say "thank you!"
Then Jenny quickly takes off the box. The pieces all look the same! I can't tell which pieces are hard inside and which are soft! I only like the soft ones. Jenny does not care. She is happy to get any kind of candy!
I slowly look at all the pieces; I don't know which one to choose. Just then Dad calls us Grandma is going home, He wants us to say goodbye to her. I hurry to the front door where they are standing. Jenny comes a few minutes later. I say, "Grandma, I hope to see you soon. I always feel sad when you leave. "Jenny stands behind me and doesn't say anything. After Grandma goes home, I find out why Jenny doesn't say anything.
She has most of our candies in her mouth! Only a few pieces are left in the bottom of the box! Then I'm sad!
The question is: What kind of chocolate candy does the writer like?
The possible answers are:
A:Hard ones
B:Big ones
C:Small ones
D:Soft onesBeijing--No Car Day was first started by 34 cities in France on September 22, 1998. It was started to protect the environment. By now, more than 1,000 cities around the world have had a No Car Day.
The first No Car Day in China was in Chengdu in 2001. Other cities, including Beijing, Taipei, Shanghai and Wuhan also support the day.
In Beijing, more and more people are joining in the activity. It asks drivers to leave their cars for one day each week and walk, take a bus or subway or ride a bike to work. The slogan for the activity is,"If we drive for one less day, we can have one more nice day." Beijing is trying to have 238 blue sky days this year. In the first quarter of this year Beijing only have 52 blue sky days. This was 11 days less than the number for the same period last year. Car exhaust  is one of the most important reasons of the pollution. We must do more for No Car Day.
So far, more than 200,000 drivers have shown their support. "We can't control the weather, but we can choose not to drive." said Wu Zonghua, a car club chairman.
The question is: The activity of No Car Day encourages Beijing drivers_.
The possible answers are:
A:not to work on No Car Day
B:to enjoy having a one-day holiday
C:to leave their cars at home to repair
D:to take a bus, or subway, ride a bike or walk instead of driving to workMore than a hundred years ago, an American produced   a game. He called it indoor tennis. The Americans were not interested in it at first so he sent it to his London friends and it became very popular   in Britain. The game was then played across the dining-room table or on the floor with the net hung between two chairs. In the early days ,the balls were made of cork   or rubber. The bats  were made of wood.
A few years later a hollow   ball like the one we use today was invented. The game then quickly spread all over the world. An Englishman once made a bat covered with rubber. He first played the game in England and called it "ping - pong". "Ping" was the sound of the bat when it hit the ball, and "pong" was the sound of the ball when it hit the table.
The question is: What did the British think of the game?
The possible answers are:
A:Moving  .
B:Interesting.
C:Terrible.
D:boring.We all know that food makes us grow every day, but sometimes it can make us happy when we feel bad. Food such as sea fish, bananas, pumpkins and chicken can help us be happy. How can they affect  our feelings?
People living by the sea look much happier than other people, because the fresh sea air helps them clear their minds and they eat a lot of sea fish. Bananas have much Vitamin B6. Having more bananas can help us make a quick decision, and become more confident . Eating pumpkins can also help people get into a good feeling because it's rich in Vitamin B6 and iron .
Are you in a bad mood ? If you are, don't sit alone. Go to eat such happy food with your friends. Maybe you'll feel better.
,. (5)
The question is: Which of the following is TRUE?
The possible answers are:
A:Chicken is bad for us.
B:Vitamin B6 and iron can make us happier.
C:Eating a lot of fish can make us unhealthy.
D:Clean air can help us become more confident.Firefighter Regina Wilson works in Brooklyn, New York. A reporter is asking Regina questions about how she does her job.
Reporter: How long have you been a firefighter?
Wilson: Eight years.
Reporter: How did you get started?
Wilson: First, I had to take a lot of tests. Then, I went to firefighting school for 13 weeks. I learned how to put out fires and how to use equipment  .
Reporter: How do you stay safe on the job?
Wilson: I wear special clothing called bunker gear. It helps keep me safe from fire. I also carry an oxygen tank   and a mask  .
They help me to breathe in a smoke-filled building.
Reporter: Are there any new tools that firefighters use?
Wilson: We have a special camera that can see in the dark. It can find heat. That way, we can tell where a fire is located.
Reporter: Do you save pets?
Wilson: I recently helped save some kittens. They were hiding under the beds. Pets usually hide during a fire because they are scared.
Reporter: Do you ever get afraid?
Wilson: There is no time to be afraid. I think about what I have to do to put out the fire safely.
Reporter: What do you like best about being a firefighter?
Wilson: Helping people!
,.
The question is: What is this article mostly about?
The possible answers are:
A:What a firefighter does.
B:How a firefighter is trained.
C:What a firefighter wears.
D:How a firefighter helps animals.Peter wondered why he didn't have many friends. The reason was that he was always taking, never giving.
One day Peter told Bill, "I'd like to give a party on Saturday. I'd like you to come and bring Martha, too. " "Thanks, Peter. We'd be happy to come. ""Perhaps you'd like to bring your violin. You and Martha sing well together. I'm sure everyone will want you to sing for us. "That was how Peter began to plan his party. Next he asked another friend, Betty, to bring a cake. "You make the best cake in the world, Betty, and I like to eat your cake better than have one from the bakery . "Peter invited a few other friends to come to his party. He didn't forget to ask for something from each of them. He even asked Jim Jackson and Mary Jackson to let him give the party at their house! They agreed.
The party was a big success. However, as the guests were leaving, they said "Thank you! "to Bill and Martha for the music, Betty for the cake, the Jacksons for the use of the house and to others for their hard work. To Peter they just said, "Thanks for the invitation. "
The question is: The party was held  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:at Peter's house
B:in a large hall
C:at Peter's friends'house
D:in a secret placeTeens are gaining weight. Today most teenagers are at least one size larger than teens were 20 years ago. Even clothing sizes have changed. Did you know that a small today used to be a medium, 20 years ago?
A recent research shows 97%of teens need more exercise. It's bad news because too little exercise means you are missing a lot of good things in life. Exercise helps in two ways.
First,exercise helps your body. Physical activity can make your body strong. It can also keep you at a healthy weight. Doctors say that people who stay at a healthy weight have fewer health problems.
Second,exercise can help your mind. People who get plenty of physical activity might worry less and sleep better at night. You may even learn better in school. Students who are healthy can listen and understand better in class.
So you can change your life and be more active at any point. It's never too late. An article called  "How to Limit Screen Time and Get Moving"gives these ideas:
Step away from the screen. Doctors call watching TV or playing video games screen time. You should have no more than two hours of screen time a day. You will enjoy life more if you live it instead of watching it!
Start slowly. An hour a day can seem like a long time. Start with 10 minutes of new activities every day. Add more as you get stronger. Think about walking. Take the stairs instead of the lift. You will feel healthier.
Make fitness fun. Find a sport you like. It doesn't need to be the traditional sports of basketball, soccer,or baseball. Those are all great sports and if you like them, play them. However,you can also try hiking,skateboarding,or even rope jumping. If you enjoy the sport,you will do it.
Choose food carefully. Help your family shop for healthy food. Read the labels .Look for healthy foods. Eat lots of fiuits and vegetables. Stop buying soft drinks and junk foods. You will feel better if you eat right.
Exercise with others. Find a friend or family member to exercise or play with you. You will have more fun and it helps keep you responsible for going.
The question is: Where might you find this passage?
The possible answers are:
A:In a story.
B:In a magazine.
C:In a play.
D:In a speech.Happy Children's Palace
MONDAY 19:00--20:30 English learning Prof. G. White Would you like to improve your English? This is for middle school students. (2 weeks) TUESDAY 17:30--19:00 Photography  Mr. Green Learn to take good pictures. Bring your own camera with you. (4 weeks) WEDNESDAY 18:00--19:00 Office 2000 Prof. Wang Lan Learn how to use the new software. (10 weeks)   FRIDAY 19:00--20:30 Painting Miss Yang Jing Would you like to learn painting? It is for beginners only. (16 weeks) SATURDAY 15:00--16:30 Cambridge Young Learner's English Prof. J. Brown This course is for the children at primary school . (20 weeks) SUNDAY 10:00--12:00 Swimming, club Coach: Liu Xin Want to swim as fast as a fish? (9 weeks)
The question is: If you are interested in painting and want to be an artist, Miss Yang Jing    can teach you   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:from 19:00 to 20:30 on Monday
B:from 17:30 to 19:00 on Tuesday
C:from 7:00 to 8:30 on Friday evening
D:from 18:00 to 19:00 on WednesdayHAS Travel Dot is a travel agency which offers many interesting travel packages.
 _ $ 2900  Depart : Mar. 21, 2014 Return: Mar. 29, 2014
Australia's Gold Coast is a modern city of high-rise buildings, built around beautiful beaches. There are international theme parks, first-class restaurants, and lively nightclubs.
 _ $3500   Depart: Apr. 1, 2014    Return: Apr. 6, 2014
In every corner of Britain, you'll find many great attractions, from small local museums to world-famous attractions like Big Ben and the Houses of Parliament.
 _ $ 3200  Depart: Apr. 3, 2014    Return: Apr. 12, 2014
It is a wonderful place in Canada. Fresh water, lakes and rivers, as well as the St. Lawrence River make it a perfect destination  for boating, fishing, and camping.
 _ $700    Depart: Mar. 23, 2014   Return: Mar. 28, 2014
Penang, a state in Malaysia, is one of the most famous islands in South-East Asia. It is well-known for its culture and food. It is also a shopping paradise . You will be able to find things like handicraft, jewellery, clothes and many more at attractive prices.
For more information, please visit our website at _ .
The question is: Ontario is an excellent place for you to   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:boat, fish and shop
B:fish, camp and boat
C:boat, fish and eat
D:shop, eat and campI go to Australia for a meeting with my workmate, Chris. We decide  to drive across the country after the meeting. The drive will take four days and most of it was across the desert .
The first day is a lot of fun because we are happy to hear each other's jokes . But on the third day, we begin to get _ . We are quite quiet for some hours when  Chris sees some kangaroos .We are both excited and decide to take a closer  look. Chris drives very quickly to catch up with them. We got closer and closer. Suddenly , we hear a loud BANG!
Chris stops the car and we get out. Beside the car is a large kangaroo  lying on the ground. Chris goes over to it and puts his cap on its head. He takes off his sunglasses and puts them on the kangaroo and does the same with his jacket. Then he puts his arm around the kangaroo and tells me to take a photo of them together. I take out my camera. When I am focusing the camera, I sees the kangaroo move . It suddenly wakes up, and runs away before we can do anything.
I start laughing  but Chris looks worried. He says his wallet is in the jacket. I start laughing even louder . I stop laughing when he says that our car keys are also in the jacket.
The question is: Why does the writer go to Australia?
The possible answers are:
A:For a meeting.
B:For a trip.
C:For a holiday.
D:To see his friend.Cats are the most popular pets among Americans. So it is not surprising that there are a lot of expressions about cats. Some cats like to catch small birds, like canaries  . If someone looks very proud and satisfied with himself, we say "he looks like the cat that ate the canary."
Sometimes, a cat likes to play with a small animal it catches. So if you "play cat and mouse" with someone, it means that you change between different kinds of behavior when dealing with another person. For example, a girl might offer something sweet to her little brother and then take it away when he reaches for it.
Americans might say that something is "the cat's miaow" or "the cat's pajamas " to describe something that is the best or finest. "A copycat" is someone who acts just like someone else or copies another person's work. "A fat cat" is a person with a lot of money.
If you tell about something that is supposed to be a secret, we say you "let the cat out of the bag". If you are not able to speak or answer a question, someone might ask you if "the cat has got your tongue "
Have you ever watched children in a classroom when their teacher leaves for a few minutes? "When the cat's away, the mice will play" means people sometimes act badly when there is no supervision  .
You may have heard the expression "curiosity killed the cat". This means caring too much about things that are not your business might cause problems.
If you have ever had cats as pets, you know it is difficult to train them or to get them to do something. Cats are not like Sheep or cows that can be moved in a group. So we say a difficult or impossible job is like "herding   cats "
The question is: In which of the following situations do we most probably use the expression "curiosity killed the cat"?
The possible answers are:
A:Someone always asked a lady her age or weight and it made her angry.
B:Someone promised to keep a secret but he failed to do so.
C:Someone won the first prize in an English singing competition and he felt very excited.
D:Someone tried to swim across the Yangtze River with his newly broken legs.English is very important in the modern world. Many people want to learn it well. Here are some things that I want to say about learning it.
To learn English well, you need two things- _ and good learning methods  . Passion is the more important one. Why? Because passion makes you want to learn English. Learning methods only tell you how to learn it better and faster.
If you love learning English, you will learn it regularly   and spend much time on it. It will also be easy for you to remember new words and grammar rules.  _  For example, some people like history and know a lot about World War II. If you ask a person who doesn't like history to memorize all the facts, he probably can't do it.
When you don't want to learn English, you can do the following things.
First, imagine that you can talk to native speakers just as you talk in your mother language. Imagine yourself to be a manager in a foreign company. Imagine you're living in an English-speaking country.
Second, use English as much as possible. This is very important. The more you use English, the better you'll learn it. English is very popular, so you can use it everywhere. You can watch American cartoons, write English diaries, and read interesting books written in English.
The question is: What can you do if you don't want to learn English according to   the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:Go to English-speaking countries.
B:Read interesting English books.
C:Stop learning it for some time.
D:Listen to music or play sports.Life comes in a package.This package includes happiness and sadness, failure and success, hope and _ .Life is a learning process.Experiences in life teach us new lessons and make us a better person.With each passing day we learn to deal with various situations.
Love plays a main role in our life.Love makes you feel wanted.Without love a person could become cruel.In the early stage of our life, our parents are the ones who show us with love and care.They teach us about what is right and wrong, good and bad.But we don't always care about it.It is only after marriage and having kids that a person understands others' feelings.
Happiness can bring people a peaceful mind.No mind is happy without peace.Sadness is the cause of the death of a loved one or the failure.But all of these things will pass away.
Failure is the path to success.It helps us to touch the sky, teaches us to survive and shows us a specific way.Success brings in money, pride and self-respect.
Hope is what keeps life going.Parents always hope their children will do well.Hope makes us dream.Hope builds in patience.Life teaches us not to despair even in the darkest hour, because after every night there is a day.
Life teaches us not to regret over yesterday, for it has passed and is out of our control.Tomorrow is unknown, for it could either be bright or dark. _
The question is: What's the purpose of the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:To encourage people to love each other.
B:To tell people how to deal with happiness and sadness.
C:To give readers some information about life.
D:To remind people to keep having a beautiful dream.In a small town, there lived a doctor. He was good and kind. He was ready to go and help people. People always went to him when they were ill.
Many years later, the doctor began to forget things. The people were afraid and little by little, they stopped going to him. The doctor saw his business   wasn't as good as before. He thought, "Well, if I were the patients(people who don't feel well), I'd be afraid to go to me too. Maybe it's time for me to stop being a doctor. But if this town has no doctor, what will the people do when they become ill?"
His wife heard him talking to himself and said, "Why don't you find a young doctor _ ? Then people will have another good doctor to take care of them and I will get my husband back."
The doctor did as what his wife said. He found a very good young doctor to help the people. The doctor and his wife then had time to take long walks together, go dancing, go traveling and spend the rest of their days together.
The question is: Which of the following is NOT true?
The possible answers are:
A:The old doctor found a good young doctor.
B:The old doctor agreed with what his wife said.
C:The old doctor and his wife were very happy at last.
D:The old doctor was still busy working at the doctor's at last.An inventor has created his perfect girlfriend,a robot who can do the cleaning,remember his favorite drink and read the newspaper to him.
Le Trung,33,has spent 14000 dollars creating the robot.He made the robot look like a woman in her twenties with shiny hair and blue eyes.
She can speak English and Japanese and she is also good at math.She can help Mr.Trung deal with his accounts.
Mr.Trung comes from Canada.He said he has never had time to find a real girlfriend--so he designed and created a robot as his girlfriend using the latest technology.He used to be a software programmer.In order to make this robot,he has taken out his credit cards,sold his car and spent all his life saving.
Now he is trying to find a corporate sponsor to help him complete and perfect his robot.He said his robot is what happens when science meets beauty.He said."I want to make her look,feet and act as human as possible so she can be the perfect companion.I chat a lot with her and hope to improve her knowledge."
So far the robot can understand and speak 13,000 different sentences in English and Japanese,so she's already fairly intelligent.She can _ faces and says hello when any of his family comes around to visit.She helps him what to have for dinner and knows what drinks he likes.
She doesn't need holidays,food or rest,she will work almost 24 hours a day and never goes shopping.She is very patient and never complains.What a perfect woman she is !
The question is: The robot can do many things EXCEPT   _   for the inventor.
The possible answers are:
A:cleaning
B:reading newspapers
C:dealing with math problems
D:cookingA few years ago, I worked at a church . Since my son was home schooling, he went with me to the church every day. Most mornings, we'd stop at a local store, and get a chocolate drink for him and a cup of coffee for me.
The clerk  at the store made our lives more enjoyable each day, and so we returned again and again. She had found her own way of enjoying life and her job. I'm not even sure if she realized that her warmth and brightness put a smile upon the face of each customer .
When a customer brought cakes to the counter, any other clerk could have asked: "Would you like some milk with those cakes?" Instead, she asked: "Would you like a lottery ticket  with those cakes?"
She might have asked me if I wanted sugar with my coffee. But instead, she asked: "Would you like some batteries  with that coffee?"
Yes, life is what you make of it. This clerk's method of dealing with what some think is a boring job, and with the customers she met daily, made the hours in her day more enjoyable. In doing that, she also refreshed the lives of others and made them laugh.
Sometimes, if my day at the church had been very tiring, we'd stop at that store before going home. We'd giggle   as we left the store, the clerk's words echoing   behind us.
"Would you like some shampoo   with that orange juice?"
The question is: When did the writer and her son usually stop at the local store?
The possible answers are:
A:In the morning.
B:At noon.
C:In the afternoon.
D:In the eveningInternational travelers, whether traveling for business or pleasure, will find themselves _ from time to time. Here are a few ways to meet new people and perhaps even get new travel chances.
Make yourself friendly
Be relaxed and polite. Remember to put yourself in social activities. Restaurants, shops and parks are all great places to meet people. If you want to make local friends in a country, stay near the place the locals often visit.
Show your photo album 
Keep a small photo album in your bag when you travel. Photos of family, friends and pets will help your new friends learn more about you and give you things to talk about. They will share their own stories with you, and it will help you learn more about your new friends.
Share something special
Can you help your new friends improve their Chinese? Can you cook a traditional Chinese meal? By sharing your skills, you can have a close friendship with your new friends that they won't soon forget.
Give some gifts
Many foreigners love Chinese goods but have to pay a lot when buying them in their homeland, so you'd better prepare some gifts such as silks, tea and works of art. They are always popular.
Exchange flats
If you and your new friends get along well, you can give them your information and plan to exchange flats for your next trip. Then you can visit their countries and stay in their houses while they stay in yours. In this way you will improve your friendship and live like a local abroad, but pay less for traveling.
The question is: This passage is mainly about how to   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:travel more often both at home and abroad
B:improve friendship with foreigners
C:make friends when traveling in foreign countries
D:prepare for a business tripKate is an English girl. She lives in a tall building in the city of London. There are sixteen floors in the building, and she lives on the tenth floor. She uses a lift to go up and down. Kate studies in a middle school near her house and she works hard. She goes to school early. Every day she leaves her home at half past six. She walks to the lift, and it takes her down to the first floor. There is a bus stop near the building. Usually she takes No.7 bus to her school, but sometimes she goes on foot. It is only four kilometers to her school from the building. She gets to school at about seven twenty. Classes begin at eight. She goes to play games at three forty. She gets home at a quarter past five. She begins to do her homework at eight and finishes it at half past nine.
The question is: She goes to school   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:by bus
B:by bike
C:on foot
D:A and CThere is good news for old people with Alzheimer's disease  . As we know, people who have Alzheimer's disease may get lost easily. Sometimes they can't find the way to their home. All the family members must be worried about their safety. Now, some has invented GPS-enabled walking shoes. The shoes are very special and useful. They can help people find old people easily, wherever they go.
These walking shoes are especially important for people who are in the earliest stages of Alzheimer's disease. According to the research, such old people have the highest danger. Let's see some terrible facts. About 60c/o of patients with Alzheimer's disease get lost for days when they go for a walk. Up to half of those who  are lost and not found within 24 hours can die outside. If old people wear such shoes , you needn't worry about that. These shoes can help their families to find _ easily if they are lost. So you see, the shoes can ensure old people's safety.
These walking shoes are equipped with a GPS device   in the heel. The shoes are very comfortable and they look like the shoes that many old people wear.
The GPS-enabled walking shoes have a great advantage. Of course, the shoes are suitable for children .Parents can ask them to wear such shoes. Then they can find their children easily. But some children have different ideas. Sometimes, they don't want their parents to know where they are. What will they do? Well... some children say that they will take them off and put them at home.
The question is: Why don't some children like to wear GPS-enabled walking shoes ?
The possible answers are:
A:They think the GPS-enabled walking shoes are very ugly.
B:It is uncomfortable to wear GPS-enabled walking shoes.
C:The GPS-enabled walking shoes are suitable for them.
D:They don't want their parents to find them easily.One day a red rose blossomed   in a forest. A pine tree  not far away said, "You're so beautiful! I wish I could be lovely like you. "
The rose said, "I am the most beautiful plant in the forest. " Then the rose looked at a cactus  and said, "Look at that ugly plant. It is full of thorns  !"Sometimes, the red rose would look at the cactus and say, "This plant is useless. I'm sorry I am his neighbor. "
Summer came and the plants and animals needed water, but no rain fell. One day the rose saw some birds stick their beaks  into the cactus and then fly away. The red rose asked what the birds were doing. The pine tree explained that the birds got water from the cactus. The pine tree told the red rose, "You can also drink from it. The birds can bring water to you if you ask the cactus for help. "
The red rose felt _ , but she still asked the cactus for help. The cactus agreed kindly and the birds filled their beaks with water for the rose's roots. Later on, the rose never gave her opinion about anyone by look again.
The question is: What did the rose think of the cactus at the beginning of the story?
The possible answers are:
A:He was beautiful and lovely.
B:He was ugly and useless.
C:He was kind and helpful.
D:He was unfriendly and ugly.A Christina from Spain
On the last day of the year, the 31stof December, people wait till 12 pm. Everybody must have 12 grapes  to eat at midnight. At each sound of the clock, we must eat a group. But we can't ever finish eating the grapes on time! Usually when people still have some grapes in their mouths, they look at each other and start to laugh. This tradition started in Spain long ago. One year, when there were a lot of grapes, the king of Spain decided to give grapes to everybody to eat on New Year's Eve.
B Cordon from Britain
On New Year's Day in Britain, people have parties. At 12 o'clock, the music stops, and we listen to the radio. On the radio we hear Big Ben, the famous clock in London. Then everybody sings a song about friendship and kisses their friends. We say "Happy New Year" to each other. It's lucky if a tall man with dark hair is the first person to come to the house in the new year. So I go and visit as many friends as I can. They all give me a drink.
C Angela from Brazil
In all cities in Brazil, we have a big party on New Year's Eve, especially in Rio de Janeiro. People in this city go to the beaches to watch fireworks . We put flowers in the sea and think about things we want for ourselves or others. We usually wear white clothes for good luck during the New Year.
The question is: On New Year's Day, Brazilians usually wear white clothes because  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:that reminds them of their happy life
B:they hope that can bring them good luck
C:they think that they look beautiful in white
D:that's what they have to do during the New YearSmoking is harmful to our health, but many middle school students are smoking. Their teachers, parents or classmates can't stop them because they smoke anywhere they can't be seen --on the way to school, in the dormitory , or even in the washroom.And most of the students think that smoking is very cool.But I want to tell you my story and then you will see that it's wrong to smoke when you are very young.
When I was a middle school student, my friends at school smoked and they asked me to have a try. So I started smoking when I was fourteen. Soon I couldn't wait to smoke as soon as I was free. After a month I couldn't stop smoking. But two years later, I felt what smoking was doing to me. I couldn't run far, I coughed every morning, and I got very weak. So I wanted to stop smoking. It wasn't easy, but now I have stopped it, and I feel better.
If you smoke, you will get ill more easily, and perhaps you can't grow taller, because there is something bad in cigarettes and also you may get some bad behaviors and habits such as stealing , _ and having a fight with others. So you can see smoking is a bad habit. If you smoke, try to stop. Though it isn't easy, you must do it as soon as possible.
The question is: When did the writer feel that smoking was bad?
The possible answers are:
A:When he was fourteen
B:When he was fifteen
C:When he was sixteen
D:When he was eighteenAmerican English is full of colorful expressions. One such expression is to touch all bases.
There are four bases in baseball - first, second, third and home plate. When a baseball player hits the ball, he must run to each base - in order - and touch it with his foot. It is the only way to get a point. If the player hits the ball and fails to touch all the bases, the point will not be counted.
The importance of touching all the bases was shown at the start of the 1974 baseball seasons.
Hank Aaron was a player with the Atlanta Braves team. He was trying to find the record for hitting the most home runs  . Aaron needed just one home run to be well matched with the record held by Babe Ruth, the greatest hitter in baseball history. Aaron got that home run the very first time he had a chance to hit the ball. That gave him 714 home runs - the same as Babe Ruth. After that day, baseball fans held their breath every time when it was Hank Aaron's turn to hit. When would he hit home run number 715?
The wait was not long. In the second week of the season, Aaron again hit the ball over the wall. He had beaten Babe Ruth's record. But first, he had to run around the four bases. The other players on his team watched carefully to make sure he touched each one.
So, to touch all bases means to do what is necessary to complete an activity.
The expression is used to business and politics. No business deal or political events are really complete until you discuss all the problems involved. Or, as it is said, until you touch all bases.
The question is: Who hit home run number 715?
The possible answers are:
A:Babe Ruth.
B:Hank Aaron.
C:Babe Ruth's partner.
D:Hank Aaron's friend.It is a beautiful spring morning. There isn't a cloud, and the sun is warm but not too hot. So Mr. Green is surprised when he sees an old man at the bus stop with a big strong black umbrella in his hand.
Mr. Green says to him, "Do you think we are going to have rain today?"
"No," says the old man,"I don't think so."
"Then are you carrying the umbrella to keep the sun off you?" "No, the sun is not very hot in spring."
Mr. Green looks at the big umbrella again, then the man says, "I am an old man, and my legs are not very strong. So I really need a walking stick . When I carry a walking stick, people will say, "Look at that poor man. " And I don't like that. When I carry an umbrella in fine weather, people only say,"Look at that foolish man. "
The question is: What is the weather like?
The possible answers are:
A:Cloudy.
B:Rainy.
C:Fine.
D:Windy.Look at these two photos. They are John and Ann. They're my good friends. All of us like music and we often sing together  . John lives near my house and we are in the same class. John is 15 years old and 1.68 metres tall. He has blond hair and blue eyes. John's English is very good and sometimes he helps me with my homework. He often wears a T-shirt and shorts. But in the photo, he is wearing a yellow shirt and black pants. Ann is in another school. She is short with brown hair and brown eyes. She looks very pretty. She has dance classes every Saturday afternoon and Ann can dance very well. Her favourite clothes are blouses and skirts. In the photo, she is wearing a dress and a hat.
The question is: How tall is John?
The possible answers are:
A:1.50 metres tall.
B:1.60 metres tall.
C:1.68 metres tall.
D:1.74 metres tall.Bicycles are very popular in China. In our country you can see bicycles almost everywhere. When you walk on the road, you will find a lot of people riding bicycles to school, shops and anywhere else. Therefore , China is known as "the kingdom of bicycles". In China, many families have one or two bicycles.
Compared(......) with cars, bicycles have many advantages. First, they are much cheaper than cars. Most Chinese can't afford cars, but they can afford bicycles. Second, bicycles are small enough to park anywhere, while cars need a larger piece of land to park. What's more, with lower speed, bicycles are safer than cars.
However, bicycles also bring some problems. Some riders don't obey the traffic rules and some riders don't think about others' safety. So they ride too fast. During rush hours, too many bicycles may cause traffic jams. _
The question is: What problems can bicycles bring?
The possible answers are:
A:Bicycles are more and more expensive.
B:Riding bicycles is more dangerous than driving cars.
C:There are no places for so many bicycles.
D:Too many bicycles may cause traffic jams.Teenage life is interesting, adventurous  and difficult. Teenagers have to go through many problems. It may probably be a family problem or a school problem. It is important to learn how to deal with those problems.
Be grateful  of your parents' support. When you have a problem, ask your parents to support you. When a child is thirteen, he feels like he has grown up. As a part of a family, teenagers do not want their parents to involve in their personal activities and they think they are able to be independent .
It is very normal and parents should also cooperate  with their kids. They should try to get to know what their child needs. Sometimes a child may be hesitating  to tell something but they should try to know what the matter is. Parents' support is the greatest support for a teenager.
Learn to live in society. Society plays a very important role in everyone's life. What teenagers see from society has a big influence on their characters.
As a teenager, you should know what is wrong and what is right. Never be impatient in making a decision. Always keep cool and calm , take advice from your parents and you will make a good decision. Don't let the bad things of society influence you. Instead, get to learn good things from society.
Learn from school. School is like a second home. We learn a lot from our school, and at the same time, it is the hardest part of a teenager's life.
*First are the studies. You should know what you want to do. Don't come under pressure in making choices.
*Learn to take your own stand . If you don't do well in exams, don't feel broken. Be strong-minded and spend more time on your studies.
*Share your problems with your friends. Your friends are always ready to help. If you are confused in your life, talk about what all you've done and what you want to do with your friends.
The question is: What's the greatest support for teenagers?
The possible answers are:
A:The support of their teachers.
B:The support of their friends.
C:The support of their parents.
D:The support of their schools.This is a song millions of Americans will hear this New Year's Eve. It is calledAuld Lang Syne(<<>> ). It is the traditional music played during the New Year's celebration.Auld Lang Syneis an old Scottish poem. It tells about the need to remember old friends.
The words "auld lang syen" mean "old long since". No one knows who wrote the poem  first. However, a version  by Scottish poet Robert Bums was published  in 1796. The words and music we know today first appeared in a songbook three years later.
The song is played in the United States mainly on New Year's Eve. The version you are hearing today is by the Washington Saxophone Quarter. As we end our program withAuld Lang Syne, I would like to wish all our radio friends a very Happy New Year! This is Buddy Thomas.
The question is: The words and music ofAuld Lang Synewe know today first appeared   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:In 1790.
B:In 1793.
C:In 1796.
D:In 1799.Sarah is a keen walker. She lives in a big city. When she goes on holiday she likes to walk in the hills. She is looking for new places to go.
Jane is keen on music. She also likes reading about the personal life of famous people to find out what they are really like.
Peter is going to France next week on business. And he has a free weekend so he plans to spend it in Paris. He would like to find out what is happening there for fun and entertainment.
Mary likes clothes but hasn't got much money so she is looking for ways of dressing smartly without spending too much.
Paul likes singing. He is also interested in history and likes reading about famous explorers from the past.
The question is: Why is Peter going to Paris?
The possible answers are:
A:On business.
B:For fun.
C:To find a job.
D:To go shopping.While Mr. Wan, his wife and their little daughter were in Europe, they decided to drive three days to Germany.
His little daughter had never travelled at night before. She was scared  the first night in the car, with the deep darkness outside.
"Where are we going, Daddy?" "To your uncle's house in Germany."
"Have you been to his house before?" "No."
"Do you know the way?" " _ ."
"Do you know how to read the map?" "Yes, we will get there safely."
"Where are we going to eat if we get hungry before arriving?" "We can stop at a restaurant if we get very hungry, my honey."
"Do you know if there are restaurants on the way?" "Yes, there are."
"Do you know where?" "No, but we will be able to find some."
The same dialogue repeated a few times during the first night and second night. But on the third night, the daughter was quiet. He couldn't help wondering why she was not asking the questions anymore.
"Honey, do you know where we are going?" "Germany, to uncle's house."
"Do you know how we are getting there?" "No."
"Then why aren't you asking me any more?" "Because Daddy is driving."
Because Daddy is driving. That answer from his little girl gave Mr. Wan strength for many years after, whenever he had questions and fears about his life journey.
The question is: When the little girl didn't ask any questions more her father felt  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:excited
B:satisfied
C:surprised
D:relaxedIt was a great day for a picnic and a picnic was a great way to start the summer holiday. Fred brought his classmates John and Betty to a wonderful picnic place.
After lunch, John said they should play football. When the ball came to Fred, he kicked it into some long grass. "I'll get it," he said and hurried off to find the ball. Moments later after there was a shout and out came Fred holding his leg. "I've been bitten by a snake!"
As the others rushed over to help, Fred laughing. "Ha! I'm not really hurt." But Betty didn't laugh, "I can't believe you did that, Fred. I was really frighten for you."
The friends then decided to go for a swim. John and Betty jumped into the water. Fred was standing on a long rock by the riverbank and said, "Watch and jump" They shouted excitedly as he went under the water, but as the seconds passed he didn't come back to the top. The friends became worried. Suddenly they heard Fred's laugh. "Won't you ever learn? I swam behind this tree when I jumped."
"Very funny, Fred?" said John angrily. "Anyway, I'm feeling tired and I'm going for a sleep." Betty joined him.
Fred, however, moved to a narrow part of the river and jumped in. Although he was a good swimmer, the water there was moving much faster and Fred found himself being _ away. He managed to catch hold of a tree, but he was very tired now and with the water still moving fast, couldn't pull himself out.
Back at the picnic place, as Betty and John were preparing to sleep, they heard Fred's cries for help. John looked at Betty and said, "Does he really think we're so foolish? Wake me up in an hour. It'll be time to go back home then."
The question is: At the end of the story, why didn't John and Betty go to help Fred?
The possible answers are:
A:They couldn't hear his cries for help.
B:They thought Fred was a good swimmer.
C:They didn't believe that Fred was really in trouble.
D:They were too tired and needed to rest.Welcome to the zoo
Day open :  Fees :
Monday to Friday    Adults : $ 8. 00
10:00 am~6:00 pm   Ages 8~14: $ 3. 00
Saturday to Sunday  Ages 15~18 : $ 6. 00
8 :00 am~8 :00 pm  Under 8 : Free
Try our train ride for $ 2. 00 per person!
,.
The question is: The zoo opens   _   .
The possible answers are:
A:twice a day
B:six days a week
C:every day
D:on sunny daysIt was another day to jump rope in gym class. Lynn and Mike turned the long rope in big, slow circles. The whole class hurried to get in line to wait for their turn to jump. Millie stood at the back of the line and _ .
Nick went first. He watched the rope and ran in at just the right time. Everyone counted. He made it all the way to 30 jumps. One after another, the kids watched the rope, ran in, and jumped. Then it was Millie's turn. She watched the rope go around and around, but she didn't move. She felt like everyone was looking at her.
Millie's friends cheered. "Go, Millie, go!"
Millie's face turned red. At last, she gave it a try, but she failed.
The truth was that Millie had been jumping rope at home every day. With a short rope, she could jump 100 times without missing. She just didn't know how to run in and start jumping with a long rope. Since she was the only kid on her street, there was no one to help turn the long rope.
Just then, Ms Miles, the gym teacher, brought out a bunch of short jump ropes.
"Let's see how long each one of you can jump without missing," she said as she gave each student a short rope, "Ready, set. Go!"
Millie smiled for the first time ever in gym class. As she jumped, she sang rhymes quietly to herself.
After a while, Millie realized that everyone was cheering, "Go, Millie, go!"
She was the only one still jumping rope! The surprise almost made her miss a step, but she kept going. When at last she was too tired to go on, she stopped. The whole class cheered. Everyone was looking at her and smiling. Millie smiled back!
The question is: Which sentence can be put in the empty?
The possible answers are:
A:The class decided to play baseball.
B:Millie was the last one still jumping rope.
C:Nick won the rope-jumping contest.
D:Millie tried to hide in the back of the line.The winter vacation is coming. I don't want to spend more time playing. I decide to work to make money for the next term. But I don't know what work I can do.
Now, my mother is writing a book. She is busy and tired. I want to type for her for pay. When I tell her, she is very happy. She agrees to pay me 5 yuan for 1,000 words. But she asks me to do it carefully.
It is a hard job for me. I type so slowly that I can type only 800 words a day. But I don't want to give up. I will keep typing all day long. I think I can type faster and faster.
I plan to finish the work in two weeks. Then, I will do my winter homework. I begin to know how hard it is to make money. And I really know the meaning of "Where there's a will, there's a way."
The question is: What does his mother do?
The possible answers are:
A:Maybe she is a teacher.
B:Maybe she is a writer.
C:Maybe she is a doctor.
D:Maybe she is a bank clerk.Hello, I'm Jack. I live in Sydney, Australia. And I want an e-friend in China. I think China is a very interesting place. I am 14 years old and my birthday is in October. I can speak English and some French. I have a brother, Paul, and a sister, Sarah. They have e-friends in England and America. I like going shopping with my friends and doing exercises. My favorite subject is Art. It's funny. But I don't like Maths. It's too difficult.
The question is: How many children are there in Jack's family?
The possible answers are:
A:Two.
B:Three.
C:Four.
D:Five.Hi! I'm Jack. I'm in a new school this term. Now let me tell you about my school now. My new school is big and nice. There are one thousand and four hundred students and one hundred and forty teachers in my school. I like the teachers. They are very kind to me. My classmates are very friendly , too. They teach me Chinese and I teach them English.
There are trees, flowers and green grass in my school. They are very beautiful. Behind my school there is a small river. The water in it is quite clean. We can swim in it.
We have no classes on Saturdays or Sundays. Sometimes I go to play football or basketball with my classmates. Sometimes I stay at home and watch TV. Sometimes I go to shops with my father and mother. We all like China.
The question is: Jack is in a  _  school.
The possible answers are:
A:English
B:Japanese
C:small
D:ChineseMr. Smith works in a factory. There he drives a truck. He's tired all the time. When he comes back, he's always busy and doesn't want to do any housework. His wife is a doctor and likes to keep all the things clean. So she has to do all at home. She usually goes to work from Monday to Friday and has to do all on weekends. All her friends know about it and sometimes they come to help her.
It's Saturday today. Mrs Smith tells her husband to help her do some housework, but he says he has something to do and goes out early in the morning. He leaves a lot of dirty clothes at home. Mrs Smith doesn't go to work but she doesn't feel well. So she doesn't want to do any housework. After breakfast, Jo, one of her friends, comes to see her when she's sitting on a chair.
The girl finds the rooms are dirty and she asks, "Don't you clean your rooms today, Mrs Smith?" "No, I don't."says the doctor. "Why don't you wear your glasses?" "Then I will think the rooms are still clean."
The question is: Why doesn't Mrs Smith wear her glasses that day? Because  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:she stays at home
B:she's sitting on the chair
C:the rooms are clean
D:she doesn't want to see the dirty roomsA good way to pass the exam is to work hard every day. You may not pass an exam if you word hard all the time before the exam.
If you are getting ready for an English exam, do not only learn grammar rulers .  Try to read stories in Enlish and speak English _ you can.
Before you start the exam, read the questions carefully. Try to understand the exact meaning of each question before you pick up your pen to write. When you finish you exam, read you answers once more, correct the mistake  if there are any and make sure that you don't miss anything out.
The question is: How can you do well in exam?
The possible answers are:
A:work hard every day
B:Read stories in English
C:Be careful in doing the questions
D:Read your answers carefully.One night Mr White left his car outside his house as usual. But when he came down the next morning to go to his office, he found that his car wasn't there. He called the police and told them what had happened.
When Mr White came home from his office that evening, his car was back again at his usual place in front of his house. He checked it carefully to see whether it had been broken, but found two tickets and a letter on one of his seats. The letter said, "We're very sorry. We took your car because we had all emergency ."
Mr and Mrs White went to the cinema with the tickets that evening and enjoyed themselves very much. When they came back from the cinema, they found that thieves had taken almost everything away from their house.
The question is: What did Mr White do when he found his car missing?
The possible answers are:
A:He stayed at home and didn't go to his office.
B:He told the police on the phone what had happened.
C:He tried to look for it everywhere.
D:He went to the cinema with his wife.Sports may be fun, but you need to play them safely. Here are some tips to help you stay safe while you're playing sports in winter.
* Get your body ready!
Before you do any exercise, be sure to warm up for at least five minutes. During warming up you should stretch  all parts of your body.
* Wear the right clothes!
Be sure to wear the right clothes for sports. If you play winter sports, make sure that you dress warmly. Also make sure to use suntan oil  . It may be cold, but the sun is still bright! If you don't put on suntan oil, your skin may be hurt. If you go skiing, be sure to wear waterproof  trousers and gloves. If you go running in cold weather, try to wear a scarf. It will keep your face, ears and neck warm.
* Stop playing sports when you are hurt!
If you get hurt when playing sports, don't play again until you get well.
* Don't get thirsty!
Drink a lot when playing sports because it is easy to become thirsty.
,.
The question is: Which is the best title of the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:playing sports is fun.
B:Playing sports in summer.
C:What we should wear when playing sports.
D:Keeping safe when playing sports in winter.I'm Sam. My hobby is playing chess --one of the greatest games in the world. My mom taught me how to play when I was 7. She beat  me every time for the first year. But then on my eighth birthday, I won for the first time. I nearly always beat her from then on.
It takes about a day to learn the rules . But if you want to be good, you have to practice for years. You don't need much to play chess--just a chess set  and someone to play with.
Chess sets can be quite cheap, or very expensive. Some people collect chess sets as a hobby, but some prefer playing.
There is a chess club in our school, and we meet every week to play with each other. I'm the best player in the club, and the captain of the school chess team. This year we won the All English Schools' Championship , and I had to go up on stage  in front of the whole school to collect the trophy .
I'm saving up my money to buy a chess computer. It's very expensive, but very good for practice. In that way, I'll always have someone to play with. One day I will be the world chess champion .
,.
The question is: You have to spend  _   money on a chess set.
The possible answers are:
A:lots of
B:little
C:much
D:someIn my second year of high school, the class was scheduled to run the mile. when the coach yelled, "Ready. Set. Go!", I rushed out like an airplane, faster than anyone else for the first 20 feet. I made up my mind to finish first. As we came around the first of four laps, there were students all over the track   . By the end of the second lap, many of the students had already stopped. They had given up and were on the ground breathing heavily. As I started the third lap, only a few of my classmates were on the track. By the time I hit the fourth lap, I was alone. Then it hit me that nobody had given up. Instead, everyone had already finished. As I ran that last lap, I cried. And 12 minutes, 42 seconds after starting, I crossed the finishing line. I fell to the ground. I was very upset.
Suddenly my coach ran up to me and picked me up, yelling, "You did it. Mark! You finished, son. You finished" He looked at me straight in the eyes, waving a piece of paper in his hand. It was my goal ( ) for the day which I had forgotten. I had given it to him before class.  He read it aloud to everyone. It simply said, "I, Mark Brown, will finish the mile run tomorrow, come what may." My heart lifted. My tears went away, and I had a smile on my face as if I had eaten a banana. My classmates clapped. It was then I realized winning isn't always finishing first. Sometimes winning is just finishing.
The question is: The coach   _   when he yelled " You did it, Mark!".
The possible answers are:
A:must be angry with Mark.
B:didn't know Mark's goal for the day
C:ate a banana
D:must be happy and excitedPassage 1
Captain Good fellow
Do your children enjoy interesting stories, funny games, and exciting dances?
Captain Good fellow will be ready to teach all these things to children at the City Theater on Saturday morning at 10:00, free.
Films at the Museum
Two American films will be shown on Saturday afternoon at the Museum
Theater. See Broken Window at 1:30. The Workers will be at 3:45. For further information, call 4987898.
International Picnic
Are you tired of eating the same food every day? Come to Central Park on Saturday and enjoy food from all over the world. Delicious and not expensive. Noon to 5:00 p. m.
Take me out to the Ball game
It's October, and Saturday night (7:00-9:00) is your last chance to see the Red Birds this year. Get your tickets at the gate. It might be cold. Don't forget sweaters and jackets.
Do you want to hear "The Zoo"
"The Zoo", a popular music group from Australia, will give their first U.S. concert this Saturday night, at 8:00 in Rose Hall, City College.
,.
The question is: Mr. Turner wants to have a nice Saturday. Which is impossible for him to do?
The possible answers are:
A:Watching a ball game and having a picnic.
B:Having a picnic and watching a movie.
C:Going to the Museum theater and watching a ball game.
D:Watching a movie and listening to a concert.To: manager@tastytreat.com
Date: Monday, 7th October, 3:34 p.m.
From: raymondyuen@canada.net
Subject: Complaint
Dear Mr. Price,
I have eaten in your restaurant many times and have always been happy with the food and service. This makes what happened last Saturday even more disappointing .
It was my son's birthday so we booked a non-smoking table at your restaurant for 7:30 p.m. We arrived on time but were told that our table was not yet ready. At 8:00 p.m., we were given a table in the smoking area. I asked to move but I was told that there were no other tables. A lot of people were smoking so it was uncomfortable and unhealthy.
Our first waitress, Janet, was very polite and helpful. She gave us free drinks for waiting so long. Our food also came quickly and looked fresh and tasty. When my wife had eaten most of her meal, she found a dead cockroach in her vegetables. She was shocked and wanted to leave. At first, the waitress told us it was a piece of garlic .When we told her it had legs, she apologized
(="said" sorry) and took the food away.
We asked for the pay for my wife's meal bill, expecting not to pay for my wife's meal. Nobody came. After 15 minutes, I asked to see the manager. The headwaiter told us that you were on holiday. I complained again about the horrible cockroach. He told me Janet had finished work. He didn't believe my story and gave me a bill for three meals. I argued with him but was forced to pay.
The waitress, Janet, was always friendly, but I would like an apology from your impolite headwaiter and a full refund for our meal. It cost $68. Until then, I will not be eating at your restaurant or recommending it to anyone.
You can contact me at 742-3254 or through e-mail if you want more information.
Thank you for your attention.
Yours sincerely,
Raymond Yuen
The question is: What does Mr. Yuen want to pay for now?
The possible answers are:
A:Nothing.
B:Two meals.
C:Three meals.
D:Only the drinks.When you have a cold, you must be unhappy   because your body becomes hot, and there are pains   all over. You don't want to work, you stay in bed, feeling terrible.
What makes you ill? It's _ . Germs are everywhere. They are very small and you can't find them with your eyes but you can see them with a microscope  . They are very small and there could be hundreds of them in or on a very small thing.
Germs are always found in dirty water. When you look at dirty water under the microscope, you can see them in it.
Germs are found not only in water. They are also found in air and dust  . If you cut your finger  , and if some of the dust goes into the finger, it will become big and red, and you will have much pain in it. Sometimes germs will go into your body and you will have pain everywhere.
The question is: You can see germs  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:when you are ill
B:only when you use a microscope
C:when you cut your finger
D:everywhere around youIn the past, many people depended on horses for transportation , farming and other kinds of work. Nowadays a lot of people still like to ride horses. So it is not surprising that many expressions about _ are still used by Americans today.
Long ago, people who were rich or important rode horses that were very tall. Today, if a girl is too proud and looks down upon others, you might say she should "get off her high horse."
Last night, I got a telephone call while I was watching my favorite television show. I decided not to answer it because "wild horses could not drag me away" from the television -- there was nothing that could stop me from doing what I wanted to do.
Sometimes you get information "straight from the horse's mouth." It comes directly from the person who knows most about the subject and is the best source. Let us say your teacher tells you there is going to be a test tomorrow. You could say you got the information "straight from the horse's mouth." However, you would not want to call your teacher a horse!
You may have heard this expression: "You can lead a horse to water, but you cannot make him drink." That means you can give someone advice but you cannot force him to do something he does not want to do.
In politics, a "dark-horse candidate" is someone who is not well known to the public. Sometimes, a dark horse unexpectedly wins an election .
Another piece of advice is "do not change horses in midstream." You would not want to get off one horse and on to another in the middle of a river. Or make major changes in an activity that has already begun.
The question is: Which of the following can describe a person who wins an election unexpectedly?
The possible answers are:
A:do not change horses in midstream
B:wild horses could not drag me away
C:dark-horse candidate
D:get off her high horseWe often praise the world of science. It explains the world and makes our lives easier with technology. One of the most exciting fields in science is artificial intelligence ( AI). This is an area where scientists are working on making machines that think like humans.
However, Professor Stephen Hawking, a well-known British scientist, is not for _ kind of technology. "The development of artificial intelligence could spell  the end of human". He said so just after using the machine made for him. As Hawking has a serious illness called ALS, he needs an AI computer to communicate. The computer learns how Hawking thinks and suggests the words he may want to use next.
This kind of AI is very useful, but Hawking fears the possibility of making machines that can be smarter than humans. And it's easy to imagine how terrible things may be. We can see on TV some big killer machines that are far cleverer than us. "Humans can't compete because of their slow biological evolution  " said Hawking. But no everyone holds the same idea towards AI technology. "I believe we can make good use of the technology for a long time. It will help us to solve many problems in the future." said Rollo Carpenter, CEO of Cleverbot in the UK.
In which way do you think AI is heading? Should we be hopeful or fearful?
The question is: Which of the following is TRUE?
The possible answers are:
A:Hawking's AI computer fully knows what he thinks about.
B:The AI technology is cleverer than humans now.
C:Hawking is a famous British scientist and against human intelligence.
D:Hawking thinks humans might die out because of the development of AI.To Jim,
Hi, Jim. I'm a Chinese girl .My English name is Betty. I'm a student. I live in Nanjing with my parents. Nanjing is a big city in China. I like playing table tennis and running. I like listening to music, too . My favourite food is rice and fish. My dad is a doctor and my mum is a worker.
To Betty,
Hi, Betty. I'm a boy. My name is Jim Hand. I'm a student, too. I live in London with my parents and my sister. London is big , too. It's in England. My sister likes reading books, but I like watching TV. She can type and write Chinese. I can draw and sing very well. My parents are both teachers.
The question is: Who can write Chinese?
The possible answers are:
A:Jim
B:Betty
C:Jim's sister
D:Betty's fatherMr Green has a holiday, so he said , "I'm going to the city by train." He put on his best clothes, took a small bag, went to the station and got into the train. He has a beautiful hat, and he often put his head out of the window during the trip and looked at the mountains, But the wind blew his hat off. Mr Green quickly took his bag and threw that out of the window, too.
The other people in the carriage  laughed. "Is your bag going to bring your beautiful hat back?" they asked.
"No," Mr Green answered, "But there's no name and no address on my hat, and there's a name and an address on the bag. Someone is going to find both of them, and he's going to send me the bag and the hat back."
The question is: Mr Green often  _  in the train.
The possible answers are:
A:writes his name in his hat
B:throws the things out of the window
C:sends others some bags
D:puts his head out of the windowNot all memories  are sweet. Some people spend all their lives trying to forget bad experiences. Wars and traffic accidents can leave people with terrible physical and mental _ Often they appear again in dreams.
Now American researchers think they are close to developing a pill , which will help people forget bad memories. The pill is designed to be taken immediately after a frightening experience. They hope it might reduce , or possibly erase  the effect of sad memories.
In November, some scientists tested a drug  on people in the US and France. The drug stops the body producing chemicals  that fix memories in the brain. So far the research has suggested that only the mental effects of memories may be reduced, not that the memories are erased.
The research has caused plenty of argument. Some think it is a bad idea, while others support it.
Supporters say it could lead to pills that prevent or treat soldiers' troubling memories after war. They say that there are many people who suffer from terrible memories.
"Some memories can destroy  people's lives. They come back to you when you don't want to have them in a dream. They usually come with very sad feeling." said Roger Pitman, a scientist of psychiatry at Harvard Medical School. "This could relieve  a lot of that suffering."
But those who are against the research say that it is very dangerous to change memories because memories give us our identity . They also help us all get away from the mistakes of the past.
"All of us can think of bad events in our lives that were terrible at the time but make us who we are. I'm not sure we want to erase those memories," said Rebecca Dresser.
The question is: The drug tested on people can   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:cause the brain to fix memories
B:stop people remembering their experiences
C:prevent body producing certain chemicals
D:erase the emotional effects of memoriesIt is a fine Sunday morning .Ann and her mother are on a big bus .There are many people on it . Some of them come from America ,and some come from English and Canada. They are going to the Great Wall .
There are only two Chinese on the bus .One is the woman .She is driving the bus .The other is a young man.He is their guide and can speak English very well. Now he is talking with an Ameican girl .Other people are listening to them .They are very interested in the Great Wall.They want to see it very much.
The question is: _  is talking about the Great Wall with an American girl .
The possible answers are:
A:Ann
B:Ann's mother
C:The guide
D:The driverA young man once went to town and bought himself a pair of trousers. When he got home, he found that they were about two inches longer.
He went to the kitchen, there his mother and two sisters were doing housework. He said to them, "The new trousers are too long. Could one of you help me to shorter them by two inches?" But they were too busy. They said nothing and were still working.
After his mother finished washing all plates, she shortened the trousers by two inches. Then one of his sisters remember his trousers and shortened them by two inches. When the other sister came back home from cinema, she also remembered the new trousers. "I nearly forgot that." She thought. Then she shortened them by two inches.
The question is: The next morning he would find his trousers were   _  shorter than the original  one.
The possible answers are:
A:two inches
B:four inches
C:six inches
D:notWe can not live a modern life without traveling.The fastest way of traveling is by air.With a plane people can travel in one day to places which it took a month or more to get to a hundred years ago.
Traveling by train is slower than by plane, but people can see the country when they are traveling through.Modern trains have comfortable seats and dinning-cars.They make even the longest journey  enjoyable.
Some people prefer to travel by sea when possible.There are large luxury liners  or river boats.They are not as fast as trains or planes, but traveling by sea is a very pleasant way to spend a holiday.
Many people like to travel by car.They can make their own timetable.They can travel hundreds of miles or only fifty miles a day, just as their wish.They can stop wherever they want to see something interesting or to enjoy a good meal at a good restaurant, or to spend the night at a hotel.That is why people choose traveling by car for pleasant trips, while they usually take trains or planes for business.
The question is: If we travel by car, we can   _
The possible answers are:
A:enjoy the longest journey
B:travel only fifty miles a day[:Z|xx|k.Com]
C:make our own timetable
D:travel to a very far place in a few minutesSpiderman is one of the most famous comic book characters. He was created by Stan Lee in 1963 and was first introduced to the world in the page of Marvel comic books.
Spiderman's story is the story of Peter Parker, a child who lost his parents and lives with his aunt and uncle. Peter is a shy, quiet boy wearing glasses and has few friends. One day, on a high school class trip to a science lab, he was bitten   by a special spider  . Soon Peter realizes he has amazing powers: he is as strong and quick as a spider and also has a type of sixth sense. He no longer needs his glasses and he can use his super power to fly through the city streets! Remembering something his uncle Ben has told him, that "with great power, there must also come great responsibility  ,"Peter decides to use his powers to fight enemies who do cruel things to people. And so, Spiderman is born.
Life is not easy for Peter even though he is a superhero. He is in love with Mary Jane but cannot tell her about his amazing powers. Besides, his best friend Harry hates Spiderman! Peter is also short of money and time. He has to sell photos of Spiderman (himself) to a newspaper and he keeps losing his jobs because he is so busy saving people! Yet he has to fight different kinds of cruel enemies.
,.
The question is: What do you think of Peter Parker ?
The possible answers are:
A:He was always strict with others.
B:He was a lazy man.
C:He was cruel to others.
D:He was helpful.It is easier to go down a hill than to climb up a hill, so it is to fall into bad habit than into good ones.
Bad habits do not come suddenly. They come little by little while people do not notice their danger. Some schoolboys first pick up bad habits in school and on the streets. When they cannot finish their lessons, they copy from their classmates. If they see bigger boys smoking, they also want to learn to smoke. When they are older, the habits become so strong that they can never get rid of them. From copying, they fall behind, then learn to steal, and smoking is bad for their health. At last they become worse and worse.
How necessary it is that we get rid of the bad habits at the very beginning.
The question is: Some schoolboys first pick up little bad habits   _   .
The possible answers are:
A:only in class
B:in schools and on the streets
C:when they were born
D:at homeEditor's note: do you care about the environment  ? Have you ever wanted to help protect it ? Well read on, as this month we're going to hear from overseas teens about what they do to help the environment.
I can't remember when I started collecting litter . But it was when I got tired of seeing litter near my home and realized that no one else was going to pick it up.
I live close to a forest in Ohio, America. I can walk there in three minutes!
I used to love going there to play with my dog. But one day there was so much litter there that I became very unhappy. I decided I had to clean up the forest. I wanted to feel happy going there again.
I made my first trip to clean the forest that afternoon. I took a big black rubbish bag with me. Ten minutes after starting to pick up litter, my bag was full! It had cans, bottles, broken glass and newspapers in it.
Since that first trip three years ago. I've gone to the forest four times a year to pick up litter. I'm often there for three hours. It makes me feel great to do something for the environment.
After each trip, I look at all the litter I've found. If any of it is recyclable , I keep it.I can't understand why people drop litter. But I will keep picking it up until they stop dropping it.
I know I am only doing a small bit to help the earth, but I still think it is important.
The question is: What were not mentioned in this passage?
The possible answers are:
A:cans
B:bottles
C:broken glass
D:old booksWelcome to Our School Library
Our Library is in the south of our school. The Library is open to every student and the library card is free. You can borrow five books, one CD and four videos --three weeks for books, one week for CDs and videos at the same time.
BOOKS
1. You can borrow picture books for children and all kinds of story books
2. You can enjoy newspapers and magazines in the reading room.
3. You can't take any newspapers or magazines out of the library
VIDEO
1.  You can borrow all kinds of video films, TV plays and music videos.
2.  You can't watch videos here.
AUDIO
, You can borrow music audios and language  audios.
, You can enjoy listening in the special rooms here.
The question is: The library has   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:only picture books for children
B:all kinds of music shows
C:only language audios.
D:different kinds of video filmsSometimes I really doubt whether there is love between my parents. Every day they don't act in the romantic ways that I read in books or I see on TV. In their opinion, "I love you" is too luxurious for them to say. Sending flowers on Valentine's Day is even more out of the question.
One day, my mother was sewing a quilt .
"Mom, I have a question to ask you."
"What?" she replied, still doing her work.
"Is there love between you and Dad?"
My mother stopped her work and raised her head with surprise in her eyes. Then she said, "Susan, look at this thread. Sometimes it appears, but most of it disappears in the quilt. The _ really makes the quilt strong and durable. If life is a quilt, then love should be a thread. Love is inside."
I listened carefully but I couldn't understand until the next spring. At that time, my father suddenly got sick seriously. After they were back from the hospital, my mother helped him walk slowly on the beautiful country road every morning. My father had never been so gentle. But after two months he still couldn't walk by himself. All of us were worried about him.
"Dad, how are you feeling now?" I asked him one day.
"Susan, don't worry about me, "he said gently. "To tell you the truth, I just like walking with your mom. "Reading his eyes, I know he loves my mother deeply.
Once I thought love meant flowers, gifts and sweet kisses. But from this experience, I understand that love is just a thread in the quilt of our life. Love is inside, making life strong and warm.
,.
The question is: Why does the writer NOT make sure whether there is love between her parents?
The possible answers are:
A:They don't act in the romantic ways.
B:They never say, "I love you".
C:They never send flowers to each other on Valentine's Day.
D:All of the above.Our eating habits are very important for good health and a strong body. There are times when most of us would have sweet and ice-cream rather than eat meat and rice. Sweets and ice-cream are not bad for the stomach if we eat at the end of a meal. If we drink beer at meals, it may take away your appetite . It is important for us to eat our meal at the same time each day. When we feel hungry, it is a sign  that our body needs food. When we feel angry or excited, we may not want to eat.
A long time ago, in England, some judges  often decided whether a man was telling the truth by giving him some dry bread. If the man could not swallow the bread, it was a sign that he was not telling the truth. Although this seems very strange and rather foolish , it is really a good way of finding out the truth. A man who is worried has difficulty in swallowing anything dry. Because of his worriment, he loses his appetite and doesn't want to eat.
The question is: What could a man do if he told a lie according to some judges in old England?
The possible answers are:
A:He could eat a lot of food.
B:He could hardly need any food.
C:He could swallow some dry bread easily.
D:He could not swallow any dry bread.On Children's Day 2004,Hong Kong held an interesting activity.In this activity,children and their parents played the rich and the poor.In the dinner,the rich could have delicious food,but the poor could only have bread with porridge.
Parents all hoped to have the dinner for the poor with their children.They hoped that their children could be taught a lesson from the dinner.
Now many people on earth don't have enough food or clothing.Every day only half of the world could enjoy enough food.
The activity was held to make the families understand the differences between the poor and the rich and also make parents know that too much material life won't always do good to the children.
The question is: Which of the following sentences is true?
The possible answers are:
A:Half the poor and half the rich joined in the activity.
B:Children played the rich and parents played the poor.
C:Parents played the rich and children played the poor.
D:Some of the children and their parents played the poor.I have a big family. My name is Tony Brown. I'm English. My father and mother are teachers. They teach English in No.1 Middle School. I have a sister. Her name is Mona. We are students in N0.1 Middle School. My grandfather's name is David, My grandmother's name is Sue. They are retired , they are at home. Paul is my uncle. He is a worker  . Paul's wife --Jane, is a doctor . They have ason. His name is Jeff. He's only three.
The question is: Mona's aunt is   _   .
The possible answers are:
A:Sue
B:Paul
C:Jane
D:MonaEnvironment California tries to protect the places we live, advance(;) the environmental values we share and do good things for our environment.
Environment California is a statewide, citizen-based environmental organization. We believe there's something special about California -something worth protecting for the future generations. Whether it's our Pacific coastline, or our 278 state parks, California's natural wonders make our life colorful in different ways.
Protecting our environment requires independent research, powerful advocacy   and action. That's the idea behind Environment California. Together with thousands of supporters, we take the kind of action that is good for our environment.:Z. xx. k.Com]
Funded by supporters like you, we research the challenges that California's environment is facing and educate the public about what's in danger. Through our research reports, interviews with reporters, letters to the editors, blogs and more, we raise people's awareness of environmental issues and offer good solutions.
When decisions are being made about California's environment, our elected officials hear plenty from the oil companies, developers and other powerful groups. We make the case for our environment and help people like you make your voices heard through emails, letters, phone calls and more, all passed to the right people.
The question is: Through what do they provide good ways for people?
The possible answers are:
A:Blogs.
B:Phone calls.
C:Emails.
D:Books.You cannot go without a pencil when writing or drawing something. You have probably noticed letters H and B printed on your pencils.What,for example,do HB,2H or 3H mean?
Those are letters showing the hardness of the lead or graphite in a pencil.H refers to hard lead.The bigger the Arabic number before the letter H,the harder the lead,and the lighter will be the colour. The hardest pencil has 6H on it.Such pencils are often used in making engineering drawings.People seldom write with them.B stands for soft lead.The bigger the number before the letter B,the softer the lead,and the darker will be the colour, the softest being the 6B pencil.Such pencils are favoured by artists.
The HB pencil has a lead core that is neither too soft nor too hard.Its colour is medium in its blackness.It is most suitable for ordinary writing and drawing.
The question is: The number that goes before the letter H shows  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:the model of the pencil
B:the factory where the pencil is made
C:how hard the pencil is
D:how long the pencil lastsThere are four people in Jim 's family. They are Kate, Jim, their father and mother. Jim is Kate's brother. He is fourteen. Kate is Jim's sister. She is twelve. They are in the same middle school. Jim is in Class One, Grade Three. Kate is in Class Two, Grade One.
They are good students.
Their father Mr. Green is a teacher. He is thirty-nine. He teaches English in a school near his home. Their mother is a teacher, too. But she teaches Chinese in a different school.
Now they are all at home.
The question is: Mr. Green and Mrs. Green work   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:in different family
B:in the same school
C:in a factory
D:in different schoolsMonday...oh, I don't like Monday because I'll have to go back to school again after the weekend. Tuesday is not so bad. I usually play tennis with my friends after school. On Wednesday evening I don't go out. I stay at home and do my homework. I like Thursday because the next day is Friday. I always go out on Friday--maybe to the cinema. I love the weekend. On Saturdays I get up late, and I sometimes go to the shops in the afternoon. In the evening we go to a club. Then on Sundays I go to my friend's house or she comes to mine. I usually visit my grandmother for an hour in the afternoon. Then the weekend is over and it's Monday...and I feel bad again!
The question is: From the text, we know that the writer  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:doesn't like school
B:likes to stay at home
C:only likes Friday
D:only likes SaturdayWe can see ads  everywhere. Here are four ads. Please read them carefully.
(1)WANTED
Are you hard-working? Do you like to meet people? If your answer is "Yes", then we have
a job for you as a waiter. Call AL Hotel at 8556779!
(2)SUMMER JOB
Do you like to talk with people? Do you like to write stories? If you want to
work for our magazine as a _ , please call Karen at 85558366.
(3)HELP WANTED
Do you like babies? Can you look after one baby for two days? If you are sure to take good
care of it, call us at 8766588. $80 or more.
Today! Hurry!
(4)CLEANER WANTED
Can you make a large house clean and tidy? If you hope to get the job paid at $ 20 once,
call us this evening 18:00~20:00. Tel: 8633800
The question is: The above job ads are probably from  _   .
The possible answers are:
A:a newspaper
B:a story book
C:a science book
D:a guide bookDo you get angry at your friends' singing loudly while you are working? Or when your best friend does not wait for you after school?
If you do, you need to control your feelings and stop getting angry so easily. Getting angry with people can make you lose friends.
Gary Egeberg, an American high school teacher, has writtenMy feelings Are Just Like Wild Animalsto help you control your feelings. It tells teens how to stay cool when bad things happen to them. The book says that getting angry only makes problems worse. It can never make them better. Getting angry is not a natural way to act. It is just a bad habit, like smoking. The book says you can control your anger easily--all you have to do is telling yourself not to be angry.
When a baby falls over, it only cries if people are watching it. Like a baby, you should only get angry if you are sure it is the right thing to do.
*Keep a record. Every time you get angry, write down why you are angry. Look at it later and you will see you get angry too easily.
*Ask your friends to stop talking to you when you get angry. This will teach you not to be angry.
*Do something different. When you get angry, walk away from the problem and go somewhere else. Try to laugh!
The question is: The writer thinks that if you get angry easily you will  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:get ill very easily
B:lose your friends
C:get sad easily
D:eat lessIt's time for our clothing sale. We only have this sale once a year. This year, prices are lower than ever, but the quality   of our clothes is the same. How much are our blue pants? They're only twelve dollars. How much are our swimsuits? This week, you can buy one for only fourteen dollars. And what's the price of our T-shirt? Only eight dollars each! Or, you can buy two for fifteen dollars. And we have them in all colors: red, yellow, blue and green. Do you like Mango sweatshirts? This week, you can buy them for eighteen dollars. And our sports bags are only twelve dollars----that's right, twelve dollars only.
Come to the Blue Water Surf Shop now. The sale starts today.
The question is: If you want to buy two T-shirts, you only pay    _  .
The possible answers are:
A:eight dollars
B:fourteen dollars
C:fif3teen dollars
D:sixteen dollarsNeighborhood yentas are well--known women. They spend most of their time watching people around them. The yentas have this title for this. "Yenta" is a Yiddish word. It means a trouble maker or a talkative person. Nobody in the street is safe from their eyes or tongue.
Yentas certainly are not bad people. They pass on messages and advice. They give _ weather reports. They know who is doing what. They see,hear,and know all and usually repeat it. They have called themselves reporters.
Some of the yentas' neighbors think them so interested in others' things that they forget their own. Sometimes, however ,a child has to be found,or a robbery has to be reported. Then what yentas do are helpful. Every neighborhood appreciates its yentas very much. It doesn't matter what their color,belief or accent is.
The question is: When you are in trouble,yentas  _   .
The possible answers are:
A:will make a joke on you
B:will watch you all the time
C:can sometimes give you a hand
D:will report that to the policeMrs Brown has a big garden  and she likes growing   vegetables very much. There are many kinds of vegetables in Mrs Brown's garden. She looks after them and the vegetables look very nice.
The vegetables grow well and Mrs Brown wants to make dinner with them one day. Today, it is sunny. Mrs Brown's son, four-year-old Johnson, is playing in the garden. Mrs Brown is cleaning the house. Suddenly ,Johnson runs in and says, "Mom, Mom! Come to the garden! Our neighbor's   ducks  are in the garden and they are eating our vegetables."
But it is too late. The ducks eat up all the vegetables. Mrs Brown is very sad and her neighbor is very sorry. After a few days, the neighbor brings a box to Mrs Brown. There is a roast duck   in the box. And there is also a piece of paper in it. Some words  are on _ :  I am sorry. Enjoy  your vegetables.
The question is: Mrs Brown is very sad because.
The possible answers are:
A:her neighbor is playing in her garden
B:her son doesn't finish his homework.
C:her neighbor's ducks eat up her vegetables
D:she doesn't have any vegetables to make lunch.Two strangers were sitting together in a plane . They were on a long journey . One of the men was a teacher . The other was a farmer .
They sat without talking for a while , then the farmer said , " Let's do something to pass the time ."
" What do you want to do ?" the teacher asked .
" We can ask each other riddles ( )," the farmer said, " You start."
" Let's make the rules first ," the teacher said . " And to make the game more interesting , let's play it for money . If we don't know the answer to the riddle , we have to pay a dollar ."
The farmer thought about this for a while , then he said , " That's not fair( . You are a teacher , an educated ( ) man . You know more things than I do . I am just a farmer ."
" That's true ," the teacher said , " What do you think we should do ?"
The farmer said , " If you don't know the answer to a riddle ,you pay me 100 dollars .If I don't know the answer to the riddle , I'll pay you 50 dollars."
The teacher thought for a while , then he said , " OK. That's fair . Who'll go first ?"
"I will ," the farmer said . " Here's my riddle . What has three legs when it walks , but only two legs when it flies ?"
The teacher thought and thought , " What has three legs when it walks, but only two when it flies ?" Then he said , " That's a good one . I don't know the answer ." He gave the farmer 100 dollars and said , " Tell me the answer . What is it ?"
" I don't know , either ." The farmer said , and gave him 50 dollars .
The question is: At first the two men sat there without talking because   _   .
The possible answers are:
A:the farmer didn't like the teacher
B:the teacher didn't like the farmer
C:the farmer liked to tell jokes
D:they didn't know each otherEvery student in America likes popular music. Students carry small radios  with earphones  and listen to music before class, after class and at lunch. Students with cars buy large speakers  and play the music as they drive on the street.
Adult  drivers listen to music on the car radio as they drive to work. They also listen to the news  about sports, the weather, the life of American people. Most of the radio programmes  are music.
Pop music singers make much money. Once the popular singer is famous all over the country, young people buy his or her tapes . Some of the money from these tapes comes to the singer. Wherever the singer goes, all the young people want to meet him or her.
There are other kinds of music. They are important to Americans. One is folk music. It tells stories about the common life of Americans. Another is western  or country music. This kind of songs started by cowboys watching. Today, any music about country life and the love between a country boy and his girl we call western or country music.
The question is: How do adult drivers in America listen to music while driving?
The possible answers are:
A:On the car radio.
B:By cellphone.
C:By CD player.
D:By small radios with earphones.New York City is a very large city with 8 million people. How do so many people move on their way to work and school?
In New York you can travel by subways, bus, taxi and private   car. The subway runs on the railroad lines under the city. It crosses the city at different points and goes to all parts of the city. Travelling by subway is the fastest way to get around the city.
The second way to travel is by bus. It is a slower way to travel.
You can also travel by taxi. This is very expensive, but the taxi will take you to every place you want to go to. If traffic is heavy, the taxi will be slow. During the mornings and afternoons, there is the "rush hour". This is the time when the traffic is very heavy with people going to and from work..
The last way is to use your private car. It's not good to drive during the "rush hour". If there is an accident on the road, you will have to wait for a long time.
The best time to travel is from 9 a.m to 4.pm . Traffic will be less crowded during this time because most people are already at school or at work at that time.
The question is: The fastest way to travel in New York City is   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:by bus
B:by subway
C:by taxi
D:by private carMany young people use computers, but few of them know how to look after them. Remember the following when you use your computer.
*Keep your computer in a cool room. Too much or too little heat is bad for computers. Most computers work best at a temperature of 5 oC--30 oC.
*Don't let people smoke cigarette near your computer. Smoke of all kinds is very bad for many parts of a computer and can cause many problems.
*Don't eat or drink when you are near your computer. Pieces of food and a little water in the keyboard can also cause many problems.
*Make sure the screen is the correct distance from your eyes. If you wear glasses, make sure these glasses are correct for using with the computer. Some people use a different pair of glasses when they use a computer.
*Keep your screen clean and don't have it too bright. A dirty screen can hurt your eyes. A very bright screen can also be bad for your eyes.
The question is: According to the passage you should use your computer  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:in a small room
B:in a big room
C:in a cool room
D:below 5oC"Millions of young people will lose their hearing in five years if they listen to MP3 or MP4 players at a too high voice every day," scientists say recently.
Do you often listen to MP3 players at a too high voice? Are you frightened to hear this?
The sizes of MP3 players are very small, but small MP3 players make it easy to take hundreds of songs with you. So many young people carry them and listen to music every day. MP3 players are very popular among students.
The scientists say teenagers should be far from high volume  , including mobile phones' noise. A study says, "High volume and long listening time can cause hearing problems." They think if young people listen at more than 89 decibels   every day, they will lose their hearing in five years. A scientist said, "So many young people often use personal music players and mobile phones at a high voice. I am afraid that _ may be losing their hearing.
So let's turn our MP3 players down!
The question is: According to the passage, which of the following is true?
The possible answers are:
A:Scientists tell young people to turn off their MP3 players.
B:Teenagers will lose their hearing if they listen to hundreds of songs in MP3 players.
C:A person will lose hearing in 5 years if he or she listens to an MP3 player every day.
D:The mobile phone can also cause hearing problems if we don't use it correctly.Students who get tired of looking at the four walls of a classroom might like to take the nature course being offered by Carvel College again this summer. Groups of about a dozen students each, led by an experienced guide, will go on ten-day camping trips to the mountains to study the plants and animals that grow and live there.
Students carry their own things, which includes sleeping bags, warm clothing, food and water, and other useful tools. And what do the students do all day? Well, as soon as the sun comes up, they eat breakfast and start climbing up the mountain trail to the next campground, which is five to ten miles away. As the students take notes, the guide points out different plants and animals alongside the trail. The climb is usually over by early afternoon, so the group spends the rest of the day resting or swimming in a mountain lake. Before dinner each night, they all come together and discuss the day's activities.
At the end of the course, the students write reports using the information they have collected. But they don't mind at all. What they do mind is leaving the beauty of the wilderness and the good friends they've made to return to their normal lives in the city.
The question is: What can the course offer to the students?
The possible answers are:
A:Better grades in tests.
B:Free vacations in mountains.
C:A different learning experience.
D:Better chance to study in Carvel College.351 Gardener Street
Los Angeles, CA90031
September 12
Relex Company
37 Pearl Street
Clifton, NJ07013
Dear Sir or Madam:
A year ago I bought a Relex camera second hand. It's a SW 705 model, and it's about five years old. Here's my problem: The light metre was fine when I bought the camera, but now it isn't working and my pictures are coming out too dark. I checked the batteries, and they are still good. I took the camera to some repair shops, but they said they couldn't repair it because the model is too old and they don't have the necessary part.
Do you have the parts for this model in stock? If so, could I send you the camera for repairs? How much would the repairs cost? I'm going to buy your new SW800 model in about six months, but I would still like to fix this old one.
Thank you very much.
Sincerely yours
Sarah H, McDaniel
The question is: What does the Relex Company make?
The possible answers are:
A:Lights.
B:Cameras.
C:Batteries.
D:Lamps.Last year I travelled to Paris by plane. I was very excited because I knew I would meet a lot of interesting people and see some amazing things there. On the night before I left, I was so excited that I couldn't sleep at all. When I sat on the plane the next day, I felt very tired. I wanted to have a good sleep during the 9-hour flight. Unluckily, there was a baby sitting next to me. It cried and screamed during the whole trip. How could I fall asleep with all of that noise?
When I arrived in Paris at last, it was already 8 o'clock in the evening. I felt even more tired. After getting off the plane, I went to my hotel at once. I paid no attention to the beautiful evening scenery of Paris. I just wanted to have a good rest in my room. When I lay down on the comfortable bed, I fell asleep very quickly.
A sudden noise woke me up at midnight. I didn't know what happened, so I turned on the light. What did I see? You wouldn't believe it! I saw two mice playing on the floor!
What a terrible trip!
The question is: What can we learn from the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:The writer had a good rest in the hotel room.
B:The writer couldn't sleep well in the hotel room, either.
C:The writer enjoyed the first night in Paris a lot.
D:The writer would never travel by plane againThe planets aren't the only wanderers  of the sky. There're some things even farther and longer. Long after people were no longer afraid of planets, they still thought the comets  were bad objects that traveled in the sky. They were afraid that the comets would suddenly land on the earth and hurt them.
But, in fact, even if a comet did hit the earth, nothing much happened. A comet is really a harmless  thing.
Comets have round heads and long tails , and they are very bright. Sometimes they look like heads with long hair flying with them. That's why they're called comets. Comet means long-haired.
Like the stars and planets, comets are far away. But we can know its size. The head of a small comet is as wide as the Pacific Ocean. And a big comet's head is ten times as big as the earth. Its tail is millions of kilometers long. Then why wouldn't the great big thing hurt us if it hit the earth? Because it isn't solid. It's thin like cloud. Its tail is nothing but bright gas. And its head is made of small pieces and they could not hurt the earth.
Some comets can be seen for a few months. Then they go away. Some of them come back in a certain number of years. Some are never seen again.
Perhaps these comets that never return have broken into pieces. For some _ think that shooting stars  are pieces of broken comets.
The question is: Comets have long tail like   _  , so we call them comets.
The possible answers are:
A:long hair
B:round heads
C:round dishes
D:wide wingsDear Peter,
I know that you are coming to Hefei next week. Welcome to my home. Let me tell you the way to my house. You will live in Changjiang Hotel on Changjiang Street, won't you? OK! Changjiang Street is a famous and busy street in our city. You can start from your hotel and go straight along Tongcheng Street. You pass two small streets: Hongxing Street and Lujinag Street. When you see an overbridge ,please turn right and go along Huangcheng Street. It's an old street, but it's clean. There's a big park on the street. It's beautiful and clean. When you get to Jinzhai Street, please turn left and go along it. You will pass Wuhu Street and Tunxi Street. Then you can see a KFC on your right. There's a supermarket across from the KFC and my house is near the supermarket. There's a pay phone in front of the KFC. You can call me there and I will go to meet you.
I hope you will have a good trip.
Yours, Li Li
The question is: Where is the KFC?
The possible answers are:
A:It's near Li Li's home.
B:It's across from the pay phone.
C:It's across from the supermarket.
D:It's between the supermarket and the pay phone.When I was growing up,I had an old neighbor named Dr Gibbs.He didn't look like any other doctor I'd ever known.He was a very kind person..After he retired,he began to plant trees in his large garden. He wished to make it a forest.
The good doctor had some interesting ideas about planting trees.He never watered his new trees.Once I asked why,he said,"If you water them,each baby tree will grow weaker and weaker. Otherwise,they will have to grow deep roots to look for water under the earth by themselves."
He planted some oaks, and instead of watering them every morning,he beat them with a rolled-up newspaper.I asked him why he did that,and he said it was to get the trees' attention.
Dr Gibbs died two years after I left home.I always walked by his house and looked at the trees that I'd watched him plant about twenty -five years ago.They're very big and strong now.
I also planted two trees several years ago.I carried water to them for a whole summer.I sprayed them.However,after two years of caring too much,whenever a cold wind blows in, they shake a lot.
Life is hard,whether we want it to be or not. What we need to do is try our best to make our roots reach deep into the brave heart,so when the rain falls and the wind blows,we could face them strongly and won't be beaten down.
The question is: How did Dr Gibbs treat his trees?
The possible answers are:
A:He sprayed them.
B:He shook them a lot.
C:He watered them every morning.
D:He sometimes beat trees with a rolled-up newspaper.I have a big family. My name is Tony Brown. I'm English. My father and mother are teachers. They teach English in No.1 Middle School. I have a sister. Her name is Mona. We are students in N0.1 Middle School. My grandfather's name is David, My grandmother's name is Sue. They are retired , they are at home. Paul is my uncle. He is a worker  . Paul's wife --Jane, is a doctor . They have ason. His name is Jeff. He's only three.
The question is: Which one is TURE?
The possible answers are:
A:Tony's parents teach Chinese.
B:Jane is Mona's mother's sister.
C:Jeff is 3 years old.
D:Tony's grandfather is a worker.Two little children come to a big city. Their names are Mike and Bob. They live with their father and mother. Their family is very rich. They have a driver and lots of servants. Mike and Bob are going to a new school. Their father says to them, "Mike and Bob, don't say we are rich at school."
So they go to school. Their teacher says, "Hi, boys and girls. Today we write a composition about your family. " So all the children write something about their families. This is Mike's composition.
"My name is Mike. My family is poor. My father and my mother are poor. Our driver is very poor and all the servants are very poor. "
, .
The question is: Their family is   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:rich
B:poor
C:in a school
D:in the countryHave you ever woken up feeling that something was wrong?
It was a day like that for me.
I sat up in bed.
A little later I opened the curtains.
It was terrible weather--the rain was pouring down.
Then I looked down into the yard.
Yes! There it was--the motorcycle.
It was just as broken as last night.
And my leg was starting to hurt.
The question is: Something had happened to the person in the story the night before.What was it?
The possible answers are:
A:The bad weather had broken the motorcycle.
B:The bad weather had stopped the person from going outside.
C:The person had bought a new motorcycle.
D:The person had been in a motorcycle accident.A French woman goes to London to see her son. She knows a little English,but cannot speak it very well. One day she goes to a shop. She wants to buy a hen ( ) for supper. But she cannot remember ( ) the English word for" hen" . Just then the shop waiter asks her, "Can I help you?" " I want the egg's mother" the woman answers. The shop waiter does not understand( )her and says, " Sorry, we have not any bigger   eggs." Suddenly  )) the woman remembers the word"cock(She says, I want the cock's wife! "This time the shop waiter laughs (    ).
The question is: The woman goes to London    _    .
The possible answers are:
A:to learn English
B:to have supper
C:to see her son
D:to buy a cockIt's Sunday today. Students are having good time in the park.
Look, there is a table under a big tree, three students are sitting there. Lucy is reading a book, she looks very happy. Next to her is another girl, she's Mary. She is eating apples with her friend Jean. They think the apples are very delicious. Other girls are drawing pictures there.In the middle of the park, there is a playground. There are four boys, they are playing basketball. Lisa is watching them, and singing beautiful songs.
Near the lake, Mr. Li is telling interesting stories for other students, they are so happy and relaxing.
The question is: Where are the boys playing basketball?
The possible answers are:
A:Near the lake.
B:On the playground.
C:Under the tree.
D:Next to the park.Most parents hope that their children can be happy and successful. But do you know the most powerful way to encourage them to be so? The answer is to allow them to make their own decisions.
Different people have different ideas about children's decision making. Unfortunately , most parents make decisions for their children--what they wear, what they eat and what movies they watch. In fact, it's not good for children's growing.
Children should be allowed to make decisions when they are very young. But this doesn't mean they are allowed to do everything. For example, you shouldn't take your children into a convenience store and tell them they can have anything they want. They would be overwhelmed  by the choices. But you can give them a choice among snacks. When children get older, expand   the number of choices you give them. For example, allow them to decide the activities they want to take part in or when they decide to go to bed.
The next step is to get your children to think before they act. Ask themselves several important questions. First, why do I want to do this? Second, what are my choices? Third, what are the results of the actions? After the three questions, they are sure to have right decisions.
The question is: What's the writer's opinion on children's decisions?
The possible answers are:
A:Parents should allow children to make decisions.
B:Children could do what they want to do.
C:Children could not make decisions for children.
D:Parents should make decisions for children.In every country, there are thousands of people who want to help out. Many join organizations run   by their governments, for example, the Peace Corps in the United States and Voluntary Service Overseas in Britain. Since the powerful   earthquake took place in Sichuan, more than 200 thousand volunteers across China have been helping there! They do all kinds of work or come up with ways to help improve life. Some offer their professional skills for free. Others have no qualifications  , but they love to work hard to help.
One of the most famous volunteers in the world was Mother Teresa. She could be the best volunteer because she gave her life to helping the poorest people of Calcutta. She helped the homeless, cared for the sick, gave out food, and became the mother of those without families.
Now more and more teenagers actively look for volunteering opportunities, too. They volunteer because they think it will be fun or they will learn something. They also like the idea of being helpful to others, even if it is just handing out books for the teacher. As they get older, these reasons are still the same, but there are other important reasons for volunteering such as learning on-the-job, getting work experience, and improving their social life.
All volunteers bring joy to the people they help in so many ways. They might read books to the blind, fix up broken homes, find ways to get water for villages. Could you be a volunteer? What kind of volunteer work could you do? There is someone in the world who needs you.
The question is: What is NOT the reason for teenagers to be volunteers according to the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:They want to make more friends.
B:They want to be helpful.
C:It helps them get work experience.
D:It can improve their social life.I was shopping in the supermarket when I heard a young voice."Mom,come here!There's this lady here my size!"
The mother rushed to her son;then she turned to me to say sorry to me.
I smiled and told her,"It's OK."Then I talked to the boy,"Hi,I'm Dory Kramer. How are you?"
He studied me from head to toe,and asked,"Are you a little mommy?"
"Yes,I have a son," I answered.
"Why are you so little?"he asked.
"It's the way I was born," I said."Some people are little. Some are tall. I'm just not going to grow any bigger."After I answered his other questions,I shook the boy's hand and left.
My life as a little person is filled with stories like that. I enjoy talking to children and explaining why I look different from their parents.
It takes only one glance( ) to see I'm different. I stand three feet nine inches tall(="1.14" metres).I was born adwarf.In spite of this,I did all the things other kids did when I was growing up.
I didn't realize how short I was until I started school. Some kids called me names  .Then I knew. I began to hate the first day of school each year.
But I learned to smile and face the fact that I was going to be noticed my whole life.What I lacked in height,I made up for in personality.When people are rude,I remind myself,"Look what else I have-a great family,nice friends."
The question is: What does adwarf look like?
The possible answers are:
A:Of medium height.
B:Very tall.
C:Very short.
D:Very thin.Raising pets is a popular online game among teenagers. "More than 20 of my classmates have adopted  pets online." Said Wang Hui from Beijing.
If you go to some websites, you can adopt virtual  pets like penguins , chickens, dogs and elephants. You can feed, wash, talk to and play with your pet.
Dai Yingshuang of Shanghai said, "It's great fun and I have also learned how to take care of others." She usually asks her uncle to take care of her pet while she is at school.
If you don't feed and care for the pet, it will become unhappy and unhealthy. So raising an online pet means spending a lot of time online. This makes many parents worried. They fear it will have a bad influence on the children's studies.
Wang Zhaotong from Anhui has raised a penguin since last year. She said, "My parents know about the penguin and think it's okay."
If the students can keep the _ between studying and playing, it's not bad for them to "raise" pets online.
The question is: What does the passage mainly talk about?
The possible answers are:
A:It's bad to raise pets online.
B:How to raise pets online.
C:Raising pets online is popular among teenagers.
D:Students should adopt pets online.Dear Mike,
How are you? Are you still coming to my birthday party in January? My family, friends and classmates are all coming. The party is on Monday, January 13 at 6:00. It's at Uncle Tom's restaurant in the city. First, we can eat and talk from 6:00 to 7:45. After that we can go to a movie in ZJG Shopping Park near Zhonglian(GDH) International Hotel. Every Monday, there's a movie on at 8:00. I hope you can come. You can meet my other friends and my sisters, too.
Write soon!
Kathy
The question is: What can they do at 7: 00? They can   _   .
The possible answers are:
A:go to a movie
B:eat and talk
C:go to ZJG Shopping Park
D:meet my friends and sistersBill Clinton took office   on January 20, 1993 and became the 42nd U.S.president .He is the first U.S.president who was born after World War II .He is also one of the youngest of all U. S. presidents.
Clinton was born in a poor family in 1946.Three months before he was born, his father, William Blats, died.When he was small, his mother remarried  Norger Clinton, so the boy's family name was changed.
In the summer of 1963, Clinton was asked to visit the city of Washington.During his visit, he met President Kennedy in the White House.At that time, he wanted to become a president, and then, he was!
The question is: Clinton's father died   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:after 1946
B:before Clinton was born
C:before World War
D:when Clinton was youngMichael Rossi is the Internet favorite Dad right now.
Mr. Rossi, a father from Philadelphia, recently took his kids, Jack and Victoria, to Boston for three days during the school term. But Rydal Elementary School, one of the oldest schools in Boston, doesn't accept family holidays as an excuse for their absence and give them a warming notice. So Mr. Rossi wrote a letter to the school, which has been shared by thousands of parents online.
Dear Mrs. Marbyry,
While I am thankful for your concern for our children and the best education our kids receive from you, I can promise you they've learned as much in the three days we were in Boston as they would in a whole year in school.
Although they missed an important test, they learned about something more important for them, especially for their future.
They experienced first -hand the love and support form thousands of other people with a common goal. At the marathon  , which is known as the most difficult one in the world, they watched runners with disabilities work together to collect money for children in poor areas.
In addition, our children walked the Freedom Trail, visited the site of the Boston Tea Party and the graves of several great pioneers of America. These are thing they WILL learn in school a year or more from now.
We truly love our school and teachers. But I wouldn't hesitate   to pull them out of school again for an experience like the one they had this time.
Thank you for your time.
Sincerely,
Michael Rossi
The question is: What's the most Important message in Michael's letter ?
The possible answers are:
A:Learning can take place outside the classroom.
B:Students are not supposed to take so many tests.
C:The school is a better place for students to learn .
D:Parents do better than teachers in teaching their kids.Computers are useful machines. They can help people a lot in their life. For example, they can help people save much time, and they can help people do hard work.
Today more and more families have computers. Parents buy computers for their children. They hope computers can help their children improve their studies. But many of the children use computers to play games, watch movies or chat, instead of studying. Many teachers and parents _ that computers make children fall behind. So many parents don't allow their children to play computers again.
In some other countries, even some scientists hate computers. They say computers let some people lose their jobs or bring them a lot of trouble.
Will computers really bring trouble to people or can they bring people happiness? It will be up to people themselves.
The question is: Why do we say the computer is a useful machine? Because   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:our country asks us to learn it
B:it can help us a lot
C:we can use it to play games
D:it can help us to find jobsAs one of Hollywood's all-time greatest actress, Audrey Hepburn is famous all over the world. When Hepburn died in 1993, the world mourned the loss of a great beauty, a great actress and a great humanitarian.
Born in Belgium on 4th May 1929, Hepburn dreamed of becoming a
successful ballet dancer. She had also been a model before she entered the film industry. In 1951, while acting in Monte Carlo Baby, Hepburn met the famous French writer Colette, who was attracted by Hepburn's beauty and charm. She insisted that Hepburn was the perfect girl to play the lead role in Gigi, a play based on her novel. That event marked the beginning of Hepburn's successful career.
Shortly after, Hepburn was chosen to play the lead role of a young princess in the Hollywood film Roman Holiday. It was a big success and earned her an Oscar for Best Actress. She also won a Tony Award for the play Ondine.[:..]
During her lifetime, Hepburn earned four more Oscar nominations. In 1989, she made her final appearance in her last film Always and played the role of an angel.
Throughout her acting years, she acted in only one TV series, Gardens of the world with Audrey Hepburn. By showing us the beauty of nature, Hepburn wanted to remind us that we should protect the environment.
Hepburn is remembered not just as a great actress, but also as a great humanitarian. She was honoured with a number of awards because of her efforts in her charity work. In 1992, the President of the United States presented her with the Presidential Medal of Freedom.
In 1991, Hepburn discovered that she had cancer. In 1993, at the age of 63, she passed away peacefully in her sleep.
The question is: People remember Hepburn not only as a great actress but also as   _   .
The possible answers are:
A:a kind lady
B:a brave lady
C:a wise lady
D:an attractive ladyIt's a Sunday morning. Mary doesn't need to go to school. She says to her mom, "I need some clothes. Can we go to Nice Girls' Store?"
"Well, what do you need, Mary?" Mom asks her. "My skirt is small, so I want to buy a skirt. And I need a pair of sports shoes, too," Mary says.
"I see. Let's go and see now." In the store, Mary sees a blue skirt. It's nice .So she asks the _ ,"How much is it?"
The clerk says, "It's twenty dollars." "OK. Let me think about it. Thanks."
Mary asks her mom, "What do you think of that blue skirt, Mom?"
" _ s nice, but I don't think blue is nice on you. What about this green skirt, Mary? "
"Oh, it's nice! " Mary says.
They take it at a good price. Only 12 dollars! They buy a pair of green sports shoes, too. It's 32 dollars.
The question is: We can see   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:Mary needs a hat
B:Mary doesn't like green
C:blue is nice on Mary
D:the store is for girlsDear Sir,
I am writing to you about my stay at your hotel. My wife and I arrived on Saturday, 15thMay and stayed for a week. Though we were treated well and found the service excellent, we think there are one or two matters we should bring your attention.
1. We had hoped for a nice holiday from our busy work lives, and your advertisement said "comfortable and quiet". We want to have a chance to enjoy ourselves. However, we were always waken up by the noise every morning. Is it really necessary for the workers to start their repair work so early?
2. We had hoped to swim in your "wonderful pool". To our disappointment , we found that it was closed for the whole time of our stay.
I hope you do not mind my writing to you about these things, but I would be happy if you could give me some explanation. As I said at the start, it is a pity, and your service is so good in other fields.
I hope to hear from you soon.
Yours sincerely
Mr Hector Bradley
, .
The question is: When did they get to the hotel?
The possible answers are:
A:On 15th May.
B:Three days ago.
C:Last year.
D:On a cold winter morning.Audrey is a Chinese-American student. She has found many value   differences between the Chinese and Americans.
About money
* The American children love to make money by themselves. Chinese children always ask their parents for money.
* American parents don't think it is useful to send their children to an expensive university. Chinese parents would do anything to send their children to good universities even if it could make them very poor.
About school
* Many American girls take part in sports, dancing and singing groups. Many Chinese girls take part in academic   groups.
* American students usually feel happy when they get B in an exam. Chinese students feel sad when they get B.
American parents and Chinese parents
American parents allow  their daughters or sons to go out with their friends if they come back home at the certain time. Chinese parents usually don't allow their children in middle school to go out with their friends at night.
American teachers and Chinese teachers
During parent-teacher meetings, American teachers will always find good things to say to
The parents, even to those with the worst grades. But Chinese teachers often tell the parents the mistakes that their children made at school.
The question is: _  look at the bad side of the students as much as they can.
The possible answers are:
A:Chinese children
B:American parents
C:Chinese teachers
D:American girlsJohn lived with her mother when he was young. He didn't know who his father was. The woman did some washing for the rich and could buy only some bread for her son. So the boy was short and thin.
One cold morning there was much snow in the streets. A car knocked the woman down and the policemen took her to the hospital. She didn't tell John that his father deserted  her before he was born until she died. She left her son the name and address of his father.
John found his father, Mr. Brown, in another city. He was one of the richest shopkeepers and he had to receive his son. From then on the boy lived a rich life. He ate all kinds of delicious food and wore beautiful clothes. But he didn't go to school and could not read or write.
Once his father took him to a party. He saw a newspaper lying on the floor and picked it up while others were talking about a film. He had a look at it and found a car's wheels  were upward .He called out," Oh, dear! An accident happened!"
All the people were surprised and began to read the newspaper. But soon they all began to laugh. Do you know why?
The question is: The woman told John who his father was  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:after she was knocked down by a car
B:before her son left
C:before she was in hospital
D:before she died* You'll never be good at Maths.
It's generally accepted that boys are good at Maths and girls aren't. The fact is that it isn't true.
When girls reach their teens, most of them lose their interest in Maths. They think they are females. They want to stay away from things that are boys' things, and Maths is still thought of to be a boy's thing. The Maths class is hard, but if you give it a chance, you could be great at Maths, especially because you are a girl.
* Being skinny is good.
Lots of websites tell visitors that losing interest in eating is a beautiful thing. They are lying. Losing interest in eating is a disease, not a healthy thing. It can kill you.
* You are not supposed to make as much money as a guy.
It's said that in 2014 women who work full-time earn about 23 percent less than guys earn. Once you see real women successful in cool jobs, you'll truly get that you're worth just as much or more than any guys.
* Caffeine   will help you study better.
Caffeinated soft drinks have long been advertised as must-haves for women when you have to work very hard. But if you want to do your body a big favor, you'd better give up caffeine.
The question is: The word "skinny" means too   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:tall
B:slim
C:fit
D:strongEnjoy wonderful programmes on Hello TV
7.00 a.m.-8.00 a.m.
Follow Billy
As Billy grows up, his tail is becoming longer and longer. He is worried about it very much and wants to ask someone for help. It is said there is an old man in the forest. He has magic power to do everything. Billy decided to visit him. You can have an adventure   in the forest with Billy and learn some useful English vocabulary from it.
10.00 a.m.-11.00 a.m.
Best Friends
It is about two kids ----Jane and Alice. They are good friends and always trust and support each other. After watching this drama series, you will know the magic of friendship.
5.00 p.m-6.30 p.m.
World Sport
This is a sports round-up for kids. It covers the recent important sporting events. There are also interviews with some young sports stars. They are hard-working and full of dreams. By answering questions on the phone, you can get some sports posters.
The question is: What might be the main character in Follow Billy?
The possible answers are:
A:A boy
B:A girl
C:A monkey
D:An old manAnn's grandpa was very rich and he had some shops. The old man began to learn drawing  when he was sixty, and he loved it very much.  For twelve years he drew a lot and there were many pictures in his workroom. He was pleased with them and kept them well. One
day, the old man was ill. He had to stay in hospital. Before he died, he said to Ann, "I want to give my pictures to a school as presents. Then the students can remember me forever. But I don't know which school I'm going to give them to. Can you help me? " "Well," said the little girl, "you'd better give them to a blind(,) school. "
,. (5)
The question is: The old man tried his best to be    _   .
The possible answers are:
A:an artist
B:a farmer
C:a doctor
D:a teacherThere have always been a lot of commonly believed but false  ideas about being fat and doing exercise. Some people believe that they can't help putting an weight as they get older, while others hold that if they stop exercising, their muscles  will turn into fat. Here are some more myths.
I'll never lose weight--I come from a fat family
Wrong! While we can't change the body type we are born with, we can't blame our genes  for making us fat. There's plenty of evidence that fatness runs in families, and the main reason is that they share the same habit of eating too much and exercise too little.
I am fat because I burn calories slowly
Wrong! Fatness is not caused by a slow metabolism . In fact, although fat people consume   more energy than slim people, they also fail to realize how much they eat. Keeping a diary can help you work out your daily food intake more accurately .
Exercise is boring
Wrong! Anything will become boring if you do it again and again. The key is to develop a balanced and varied  program that's fun as well as progressive . If you enjoy a Sunday walk, take a different mute. If you do yoga , try a tai chi class.
No pain, no gain
Wrong! Exercise is not meant to hurt. Indeed, pain is your body telling you something's wrong, and continuing to exercise could lead to serious injury . You may experience mild discomfort as you begin to exercise regularly, but this is your body _ the positive changes in your lifestyle and the aches should disappear quickly. If they don't, rest and ask for medical advice.
The question is: What is the writer's opinion about "No pain, no gain" in exercising?
The possible answers are:
A:Keeping fit is essentially a painful experience.
B:Exercise should be stopped if continuous pain is felt.
C:Pain in exercise is a precondition  for reaching your goal.
D:Getting used to pain leads to positive changes in your body.My name is Lisa.I have a bird.She is white.So I call her Xiaobai.Xiaobai is only two years old.She's not big.But she is beautiful and clever.She can speak.
One day I go shopping with my sister Gina and Xiaobai.At Green Clothes Store Gina sees a red skirt and says, "Look! Lisa! That red skirt is very beautiful." Xiaobai answers her instead of   me, "No.I think you look nice in that green skirt." Gina says, "OK.I listen to you." Then she asks the shop assistant, "How much is the green one?" The shop assistant looks at Xiaobai, opens her mouth   but says nothing.At last she says to Gina, "I never see a bird that can speak these words.It's great! You can take this green skirt.Oh, you don't need to pay for  it."
Gina is very happy.She asks me and my bird to have a big lunch in Leo's Restaurant and then we go home.
The question is: Gina likes the   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:white T-shirt
B:red skirt
C:green skirt
D:red sweaterDo you like listening to music? Do you often turn up the music when you're using earphones? If so, your hearing may have been damaged .
The World Health Organization (WHO) is worried that 1.1 billion children and young people are damaging their hearing by listening to loud music. Nearly half the young people in developed countries may lose their hearing because of the "unsafe use" of music players, including smartphones. Loud music in nightclubs, parties and at sports also make it worse. The WHO advises young people to listen to music for just one hour a day. Dr. Etienne Krug told BBC: "What we're trying to do is to draw people's attention to a problem that is not talked about enough." He said it's easy to solve this problem.
Dr. Krug said keeping the music down and limiting   the listening time to less than one hour a day would save a lot of people's hearing. However, he also said, "Even an hour can be too much if the music is too loud." Ralph Holme, a researcher, explained how loud noise can damage ears. He said: "Loud sounds damage your hearing by killing off thousands of little hair cells  in the inner ear. The cells can tell different sounds through vibration . But they are very _ --they get damaged easily and even die if they vibrate too much because of loud sounds for too long." He warned: "The bigger problem is they don't grow back and the ear can no longer get sound."
No one wants to lose their hearing! Therefore, next time when you listen to music, make sure it's not too loud and only listen for less than an hour. You can enjoy your music much better in this way.
The question is: From the passage we can learn that   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:keeping the music down would save young people's hearing
B:the damaged cells can grow back and the ear can get sound
C:young people lose their hearing because of going to the nightclubs
D:the problem of young people's hearing damage is talked about enoughEvery country has its own way of cooking. American people have their way of cooking, don't they?
Most people in the United States like fast food, but if you think that American people don't like cooking, you are wrong. It's true that most Americans eat fast food for their breakfast and lunch, but they also think cooking is interesting. Parents see the importance of teaching their children how to cook, and most Americans say that home cooked meals are the best.
Americans have their own way of cooking. For example, baking    is the most popular way of cooking in America. Most American families have ovens. American cooks pay attention to   the balance of food. In planning a big meal, they try to cook meat, a few vegetables, some bread and often some sweet food. They also like to make the meal look beautiful. There are many kinds of food of different colors, so the meal is healthy and looks beautiful, too.
The question is: Most Americans
The possible answers are:
A:don't eat fast food for their breakfast or lunch
B:have fast food for their breakfast or lunch
C:like to eat fast food for supper
D:don't have breakfast or lunchDuring his life Dr James Naismith worked as a doctor, taught P.E and wrote several books. While he never thought it very important, Dr Naismith is today best known for one thing. He was the inventor of basketball.
Dr James Naismith was born in Canada in 1861 and his first job was at a special sports school in the USA.
One day the school principal told James he was having a problem with the students. Because of heavy snow, the students could not go outside. He told James that they needed a sport the boys could play indoors and gave the teacher two weeks to think of something.
It was on the very last day that James came up with his idea. The "birth of basketball" is said to be on December 21, 1891, when two teams from the school played the first game. It was quite different from the basketball games of today. It had 9 players on each team and footballs were used instead of basketballs. Soon after, the game changed to 5 players on each side, using special "basketballs" through nets.
Although Dr Naismith did not live to see basketball become the worldwide game it is today, in 1936, just three years before his death, basketball became an Olympic sport at the games in Berlin.
The question is: Why is December 21 thought to be the birthday of basketball?
The possible answers are:
A:It was on this day that Dr Naismith came up with his idea for basketball.
B:It was the day on which Dr Naismith was born.
C:It was the day on which Dr Naismith was asked by his boss to invent a new game.
D:It was on this day that the first game of basketball was played.Liu Xiaohua is 12 years old. She is from Mianyang, Sichuan Province. When Premier Wen Jiabao visited people in the Jiuzhou Gymnasium, he met Liu Xiaohua. Premier Wen held her hand and told her not to cry. He also encouraged her to live on.
Ren Siyu is 6 years old. She is from Beichuan, Sichuan Province. She was buried under the rubble  for two days and nights and her legs were trapped. When people came to save her, she sang the songTwo Tigers. She said singing the song could lessen  the pain .
Li Yue is 12 years old. She is also from Beichuan, Sichuan Province. Li Yue likes dancing, but she can't dance any more. Doctors had to cut off her two legs to save her. She was buried with her classmates. She told them to be quiet when people saved them.
The question is: Two Tigers is   _   Ren Siyu likes.
The possible answers are:
A:a song
B:a film
C:a flower
D:All above is wrongHello! I'm Jason. On Monday, I usually wake up late and have no time to have breakfast. I can't find my books or my school cap. At last, I find my books and my school cap in the bathroom. I have to wait for a bus and I am nearly late for school.
The first lesson on Monday morning is Maths. I like it because I'm good at Maths.
The next lesson is French. I like French. It's nice to be able to talk with somebody in another language.
At last, it is eleven o'clock -- time for break. After having a break, we have two Latin lessons. There are a lot of boys in our class who don't like Latin. I don't like it, either.
At half past twelve, it is time for lunch -- a meat pie, potatoes or cabbage and a glass of juice or milk. Then I go to the playground with my friends, and we play football there.
After lunch, we have a History lesson. The History teacher tells us many interesting things.
After school, my friends and I usually go for a walk. I come home very late, and my mother is very angry.
The question is: Which of the following subjects is Jason good at?
The possible answers are:
A:Maths.
B:French.
C:Latin.
D:History.Years ago a farmer owned land along the Atlantic seacoast. He constantly advertised for hired hands but never made it because most people were afraid of the awful storms.
Finally, a short, thin man, approached  the farmer. "Are you a good farmhand?" the farmer asked him.
"Well, I can sleep when the wind blows," answered the little man.
Although puzzled by this answer, the farmer still hired  him. The little man worked well around the farm, busy all day, and the farmer felt pleased with the man's work.
Then one night the wind blew strongly. Jumping out of the bed, the farmer carried a lantern and rushed next door to the hired man's sleeping quarters. Farmer shook the little man and shouted, "Get up! A storm is coming! Tie things down before they blow away!"
But the little man said firmly, "No sir. I told you, I can sleep when the wind blows."
The farmer had no time to lose his temper. Instead, he hurried outside to prepare for the storm. To his surprise, he found everything had been prepared. The cows were in the barn, the chickens were in the coops, and the doors were barred. The shutters were tightly secured. Everything was tied down. Nothing could blow away. The farmer then understood what his hired man meant.
When you're prepared, spiritually, mentally and physically , you have nothing to worry about. Can you sleep when the wind blows through your life? The hired man in the story was able to sleep because he had protected the farm against the storm.
The question is: The farmer was   _   with the little man's word at first.
The possible answers are:
A:angry
B:pleased
C:excited
D:puzzledNew York is one of the last large American cities to have some of its policemen on horseback. The New York police have 170 horses working in certain parts of the city. The horses are expensive to feed, but it is even more expensive to look after them. Because the horses must walk on the streets, they need special horseshoes. In fact , they need more than 8,000 of them each year. Every police horse in New York gets new shoes every month. Keeping these shoes in good repair is the job of six blacksmiths. There are only about thirty-five of these blacksmiths in the whole United States.
The cost of shoing a horse is between twenty dollars and thirty-five dollars, and it takes a good blacksmith two or three hours to do the job.
A blacksmith's job is not an easy one. He must be able to shape a shoe from a piece of metal and then fit it to the horse's foot. The blacksmith must bend over all the time when he is fitting the shoe and must hold the weight of the horse's leg while he works. Clearly, a blacksmith must be very storng. But even more important, he must be able to deal with horses---for before the blacksmith can begin his work, he has to get the horse to lift its leg.
One of the blacksmiths in New York is James Corbin. He came to the country from Ireland in 1948. He not only makes horseshoes for the police but also works for a group of horse owners near the city. Corbin became interested in blacksmithing because his father did it, and,as the puts it, "It's a good way to make a living."
The question is: James Corbin became a blacksmith because he  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:was interested in horses
B:was needed by the policemen
C:drew a picture of the horseshoe
D:had a make a livingHan Hong is one of the most famous singers in China . She was born in Qambo,Tibet . Her mother , a Tibetan singer, is famous for her popular song On the Golden Hill in Beijing.
Han Hong gets her good voice from her mother and shows a strong love of music .Han Hong came to Beijing at the age of nine to study singing .In 1985, 14-year-old Han Hong won her first prize.And then , the song Road to Heaven made Han Hong become popular in China.
Han Hong has not only a nice voice ,but also a big kind heart .She spends a lot of time doing charity. She got hurt in an accident on her charity tour last year , but she didn't stop her charity work .Give our best wishes to this kind lady.
,,. (2,10)
The question is: _   Han Hong started to study singing in Beijing.
The possible answers are:
A:14-year-old
B:9-year-old
C:7- year-old
D:8 -year -oldNancy: I saw seven girls in one umbrella and none of them got wet.
Taney: Oh, that must be a very big umbrella.
Nancy: No, it wasn't raining. [
A good boy
Little Robert asked his mother for two cents .
"What did you do with the money I gave you yesterday?"
"I gave it to a poor old woman," he answered.
"You're a good boy," said the mother proudly. "Here are two more cents. But why are you so interested in the old woman?"
"She is the one who sells candies. "
Break a mirror
"What are you so happy about, Jason?" Lisa asked the 98-year-old man.
"I broke a mirror," he replied.
"But that means seven years of bad luck. "
"I know," he said happily. "Isn't it wonderful? I can live for another seven years. "
The question is: Little Robert spent the money   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:helping the poor old lady
B:buying candies for himself
C:helping his mom
D:buying gifts for his momWelcome to the Little Rock Zoo!
The little Rock Zoo is open every day of the week, all year round, EXCEPT Thanksgiving, Christmas Day and New Year`s Day.
Opening Hours:
9:00 am to 5:00 pm, and the last admission  is at 4:00 pm.
Admission price:
Adults: $10
Children( 12 and under) : $8 ( only children 12 months of age are admitted free.)
Cafe:
Currently open every day from 9:30 am -4:00 pm
Opening hours may change according to the weather and special hours.
Zoo Train:
Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday :9:00 am--4:00 pm
Friday, Saturday, Sunday , : 9:30 am--4:00 pm
Run every half an hour
The question is: One should enter the Little Rock Zoo before  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:4:00 pm
B:4:30 pm
C:5:00 pm
D:5:30 pmWhen I was young, my father used to grow carnations -- a kind of flower that was red, pink or white. He took care of them with much love and devotion. Every day he came home from work, he would enjoy watching them. And he used to tell us, "No one should touch my flowers."
One day, my younger sister Clemence, who loved dad very much, wanted to help him. So she cut the carnation from their stems   one by one and arranged   them on the ground. She believed that dad would be very happy to see them that way.
When mom and I realized what my sister had done, we became completely silent. However, my sister didn't know why no one showed her any appreciation  . When dad arrived, he went as usual straight to watch the flowers. Seeing his flowers lying on the ground like dead animals, he was shocked at first. He looked towards the street to see if it was any of the neighbors' children who could have done it. Then he looked at mom in silence. Finally mom, who always taught us to tell the truth no matter what, said, "No bad neighbors did this great job, only your lovely daughter Clemence."
Dad's face changed into a smile and then he said, "Do I have better flower than my lovely daughter?" My younger sister smiled and hugged   dad strongly.
,.
The question is: How did Clemence feel when she had the carnations cut?
The possible answers are:
A:Sorry.
B:Worried.
C:Upset.
D:HappyWe all need to exercise.Doctors say it is good for us.It makes our heart and body strong.It also gives you more energy .And you will feel better about yourself.It's good to exercise twice a week.Twenty minutes each time is enough.
There are many ways to exercise.You can walk,run,play sports or swim.Many people go to special places to exercise.They are called "fitness centers ".These places have a lot of equipments .People can do different sports there.Some people buy equipments for their homes.But it is very expensive.
Exercising can be fun.Friends can exercise together at a fitness center,or they can play sports together.How do you exercise? How often do you exercise?
The question is: Which of these is TRUE?   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:Exercising is expensive.
B:Exercising is good for your heart.
C:Only doctors exercise.
D:Friends never exercise together.John is a good boy. He studies hard and is never late for school. He has a lot of friends. And he often helps them and they like him. But he always thinks himself the cleverest  in his class and looks down upon others.
This term a new student, Fred, comes to his class. He's thin and short and never talks with the boys. So no children know him well. And John laugh at him.But he doesn't mind  it at all.
One day John goes to Mike's birthday party. He sings, dance and show all his talents  to the children. After that he says to Fred, "What are you going to show us, my friend?"
"I'm not clever," says Fred."Can you guess some of my riddles ?"
"Certainly, I can,"says John.
Fred tells some riddles, but John can't guess any.At last the boy says,"Now I'll tell the easiest riddle. Listen to me carefully. You'll guess it this time. An animal has two heads, six legs, a long nose and a short nose. Can you tell me what it is?"
John thinks hard and hard, but can't guess it. His face turn red and says,"What's it?"
"It's a man riding an elephant!"
John doesn't say anything any longer at the party.
The question is: No children know Fred well because   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:he doesn't answer any questions in class
B:he comes from a village
C:he's often late for class
D:he never talks with othersA man was walking along the street when he saw a woman carrying a large box. It was half in and half out of her car. So the man went up and said, "The box looks very heavy. Let me give you a hand."
"That's very kind of you," the woman said, "I'm having a lot of trouble with it. Maybe it sticks   in the car door."
"Together we'll soon move it," the man said. "I'll get in and take the other end." And he got in the car.
"Right," the man said. "I'm ready," and he began to push the box hard.
For several minutes, the man and the woman tried to move the box. Soon they felt very tired.
They rested for a moment. Then the woman said, "Let's try again. One, two, three!" They went on moving the box.
At last, when they were _ , the man said, "I'm sorry, but I don't think there's any way to get it out of your car."
"Get it out?" the woman cried. "I'm trying to get it in! You know?"
The question is: Which of the following is TRUE about the story?
The possible answers are:
A:The man stuck in the car door.
B:The woman asked the man for help.
C:The man refused to help the woman.
D:The woman tried to get the box into the car.Every year the Greens go to the beach for a week's vacation. There are many interesting things to do at the beach.
The children play games on the sand. Sometimes they build sandcastles  . There are saltwater   swimming pools. The children can swim safely in these pools and the water is always clean.
There is an esplanade  . This is a long road by the beach. There are many cafes   and restaurants on the esplanade. There is also a park beside (......) the beach. This is a place that many people like to go to.
The Greens always stay at the same hotel. They usually have the same rooms. These rooms are at the front of the hotel. There is a good _ of the sea from their windows. The children are a little sad when the vacation is over because they don't want to leave.
The question is: Why are the children a little sad when the vacation is over?
The possible answers are:
A:Because their parents will go home.
B:Because they should go to school after the vacation.
C:Because they enjoy themselves so much that they don't want to leave.
D:Because they can't come to the beach any more.We may know that there are four basic stages that human beings pass through when they enter and live in a new culture. This process, which helps us to deal with culture shock , is the way our head and our personality react to(...) the strange new things we meet with when we move from one culture to another.
Culture begins with the "honeymoon stage". This is the time when we first arrive in which everything about the new culture is strange and exciting. We see new things, hear new sounds and language, eat new kinds of food. This stage can last for quite a long time because we feel we are very excited.
Unluckily, the second stage can be more difficult. After we have got used to our new life, we can become very tired and begin to miss our homeland and our family, friends, pets. All the little problems in life seem to be much bigger and more disturbing when you face them in a foreign culture. This time of cultural adjustment  can be very difficult and lead to pulling away from the new culture.
The third stage is called the "adjustment stage". This is when you begin to realize that things are not so bad in the host culture. Your sense of humor usually becomes stronger and you realize that you are becoming stronger by learning to take care of yourself in the new place. Things are still difficult, but you are now a survivor!
The fourth stage can be called "at ease at last". Now you feel quite comfortable in your new place. You can deal with most problems that you have. You may still have problems with the language, but you know you are strong enough to deal with them.
There is a fifth stage of culture shock which many people don't know about. This is called
"reverse culture shock". Surprisingly, this happens when you go back to your own culture and find that you have changed and that things there have changed while you have been away. Now you feel a little uncomfortable back home. Life is a struggle!
The question is: What's the main idea of the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:Human beings would pass through four stages when they begin to live in a new culture.
B:Entering and living in a new culture is challenging .
C:It is much fun to live in a new culture.
D:Life in a new culture is a struggle.Good morning, everyone! I'm Miss Li. I am an English teacher. There are 24 boys and 22 girls in my class. This is Betty. She's an American girl. She likes football. This is Tony. He is an English boy. He likes basketball. His favourite day is Saturday and yellow is his favourite colour. He likes spring because it's warm. This is Li Daming. He's Chinese and he likes table tennis. White is his favourite colour. He likes flowers and flying kites in spring, so spring is his favourite season.
The question is: How many students are there in Miss Li's class?
The possible answers are:
A:24.
B:22.
C:46.
D:48.Television has taken the place of schools as the main educator  in America. There are several reasons for this. First, there is the number of hours. While Americans spend about 13,000 hours in schools, they spend 15,000 to 16,000 hours in front of a TV set. Second is the age at which viewers  start watching TV. People start watching and understanding TV at about the age of 3, which is several years before they start to do school work. Finally, there is the number of viewers. About 90,000,000 young people are attending school, but most of the Americans watch TV every day. It seems, then, that TV shows are taking the place of teachers and professors as the educators in America.
The question is: The main idea of this passage is   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:TV is more important than school
B:fewer and fewer children go to school
C:There is not a school which has no TV set in America
D:TV plays a great part in American people's lifeWe call the Chinese New Year the Spring Festival. There is a name for each Chinese year. We may call it the year of the sheep, the monkey, the snake, the tiger, the rabbit, the horse or the year of the pig. And this year is the year of the Sheep.
Before New  Year's Day, people are busy shopping and cleaning their houses. They are busy buying new clothes, new shoes, and candies. On New Year's Eve, there is a big family dinner. After the dinner, all the family members stay up late to welcome the New Year. On the first day of the New Year, people put on their new clothes and go to visit their friends. They say "Happy New Year" and some other greetings to each other. And on that day, children can get money in red packets. Besides, children have a lot of candies to eat. People wear new clothes and shoes.
People usually have a very good time during the Festival.
The question is: How do Chinese people usually spend New Year's Eve?
The possible answers are:
A:They put on new clothes and go to the park.
B:They visit their friends and talk about the New Year.
C:They are busy shopping and cleaning their houses.
D:They have a big dinner and stay up late to welcome the New Year.The students were having their chemistry class. Miss Li was telling the children what water was like. After that, she asked her students, "What's water?" No one spoke for a few minutes.Miss Li asked again,"Why don't you answer my question?Didn't I tell you what water is like?"
Just then a boy put up his hand and said,"Miss Li,you told us that water has no color and no smell.But where to find such kind of water?The water in the river behind my house is always black and it has a bad smell."Most of the children agreed With him.
"I'm sorry,children."said the teacher,"Our water is getting dirtier and dirtier.That's a problem".
The question is: The students were having their    _    class.
The possible answers are:
A:English
B:Chinese
C:chemistry
D:mathAmericans think much about time. From children they learn to value   time. As children they are taught to be on time to go to school, to work and to do everything. When they are having a good time, they say that time goes easily. When a person is dying, they say he is living on a borrowed time.
Time is money. Time is knowledge. Time is everything in America. A working American has to work hard for eight hours a day or forty hours a week. This is the working time. In his free time, he also works hard for more money. Even on Saturday and Sunday he also works hard as usual. In the street you can hardly see a man walking slowly. They walk very fast. In fact, they are running.
They love time because time can bring them money and lots of things. But sometimes they also hate time , because they feel they have become servants  of the clock.
The question is: From this passage we can be sure that   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:Americans live in a quick rhythm
B:Americans live a hard life
C:Americans are good at saving time
D:Americans always walk fastThe earth moves round the sun, and the moon moves round the earth. When our part of the earth turns to the moon, it is night.
The sun is much bigger than the moon. But sometimes the moon looks bigger than the sun, because it's much nearer to the earth.
The sun is very bright. It gives a very strong light. The moon looks quite bright,  too. But it doesn't give any light at all.
The moon looks much bigger and brighter than the stars. But actually the stars are much bigger and brighter than the moon. They look smaller than the moon because they're much farther away from us.
Read and choose the right answer
The question is: _  moves round  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:The earth; the moon
B:The moon; the earth
C:The moon; the stars
D:The sun; the earthPeople eat different things in different parts of the world.
In south China we eat rice every day. Sometimes we eat it two or three times a day, for breakfast, lunch and supp-er. We usually eat it with fish, meat and vegetables.
The Japanese eat rice, too. They also eat a lot of fish. They sometimes eat raw fish. In Africa, maize is the most important food. People there make maize into flour .From this flour they make different kinds of bread and cakes.
In western countries such as Britain, Australia and the U.S.A, the most important food is bread or potatoes. People there usually make their bread from wheat flour. They cook the potatoes in different ways. In England the most popular food is fish and chips. Sometimes people cook this food at home, but usually they buy it at the shop. They eat this food at home, in their work place, in the park or on the road. People call it "take-away" food.
The question is: Who sometimes eat fish when it isn't cooked?
The possible answers are:
A:People in China
B:People in Japan
C:People in Africa
D:People in BritainWhen most people think of the Olympics, they don't think of science. But in the USA, each year, students take part in a kind of competition called the Science Olympiad.
It has a lot of different events. Students go there to show how much they know about the science of music, biology, chemistry and others. My best event is forestry  . This time, I went to the Olympiad with my school's team. We had worked hard, but this was the state competition. It would be hard to win.
The Olympiad was out of town, so we got to ride on a bus and stay in a hotel for a night. The Olympiad was in three big rooms. When we got there, we set up our team's "camp" off to one side. The big day had come at last! First, I went to watch the tower building competition. That's when students build small towers and put heavy things on top of it. They hope they can hold them up. One of my schoolmates was putting things on her tower. She was nervous, and in the end it was too heavy for her tower to hold it--it broke! I felt bad for her. After lunch, I helped some teammates with their events. One was geography, and the other was history. I don't know much about those things, so I just watched my teammates do most of the work. At last, it was time for my favorite event--forestry. Another student was also in the forestry event. The rules were easy. We had to look at more than 40 different kinds of leaves and find out which plants they were from. We also had to answer some questions about the uses of each leaf. I knew almost all of the leaves and could answer most of the questions. I had spent more than a month studying on the Internet to get ready. At the end, it was time for the awards  , I was nervous, because the forestry awards were last. We won second place in the whole state! A nice man gave me a medal and smiled at me.
I had a great time at the Science Olympiad. I can't wait for next year!
Choose the best answer according to the passage.
The question is: We know that   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:you know a lot about biology if you're good at forestry
B:it's the first time for the writer to be in the competition
C:the writer had to do some experiments in the competition
D:the state competition lasted several daysWhat would you do if a stranger gave you some medicine and it would keep you slim or help you do well in exams? Would you take it?
Students at Shenzhen Luohu Foreign Language Middle School have learned to keep themselves safe by saying "no". In fact, what those strangers want to give them are drugs   . Drugs are dangerous to your health!
"Because teens don't know much about drugs, they might want to try them," said Zhang Dongsheng, the director of Shenzhen Drug Control Office.
Now, many schools arrange courses or organize some activities to help students know about drugs.
Liang, 16, was a good student before trying drugs. One day, some old friends told him it would be fun. After taking drugs only once, he found it very hard to stop. Liang began to spend all his time and money on drugs. Soon, he stopped going to school and started stealing. In the end, he was put in prison.
In China, taking drugs is becoming a big problem for teens. According to a survey, about one million people in China were using illegal drugs last year, and 72% of them were young people. Worse still, there are about10,000 drug users under 16 now.
Zhang has some good advice on staying clean. He said, "Drugs are dangerous. Never try them, even if you're curious! It is the most important for you to keep safe and healthy."
The question is: From Liang's story, we can know that it's   _   to give up drugs even if one tries only once.
The possible answers are:
A:easy
B:hard
C:foolish
D:possibleJustin Bieber's birthday wish has come true. The teenage star announced earlier this week that he wanted his fans to donate $17,000 to charity---so far the total of gifts that have poured in is more than $31000.
"I have had a great year and it is all because of the fans helping me live my dream," said the young singer. "I'm turning 17 years old on Tuesday, and have so much to be grateful  for! So this year, I really want my birthday to be all about helping others. Instead of asking for gifts, I'm asking friends, family and fans to consider donating $17 for my 17thbirthday to help make a change."
Bieber asked his fans to donate to a charity that builds clean water projects in developing countries.
"Together, we've made a big difference for many causes. Did you know that about 4,500 kids die each day from waterborne diseases  ? By building clean water projects for villages that need them, we can prevent this! I want to make my birthday matter this year--- let's make it so more kids can grow up to have a 17thbirthday like me. Join me to make a change.
"I'm really so grateful for my family, friends and fans--- and I believe we can do something big to help bring clean water to people in need. Even if you don't have $17 to give I just ask you to go out in your community and try and make a positive difference. Even the smallest act of kindness can go a long way."
,.
The question is: What will the money be used for?
The possible answers are:
A:Building clean water projects in developing countries.
B:Preventing children from getting ill.
C:Help children to grow up to 17 years old.
D:Make a change for children on their birthdays.I will never forget the tenth summer of childhood with my grandfather in western Norway at the mountain farm where my mother was born. As a boy ,I always thought people simply bought whatever they need. Whether Grandfather knew this, I don't know. One day he said, "Come, I have something for you."
I followed him to a workroom. "You should have a toy boat. You can sail it at Storvassdal." He said. Great, I thought,looking around for the boat. But there was none.
Grandfather pointed to a block of wood. "The boat is in there," he said. Then he handed me some tools and showed me how to use them properly. "It'll be a fine boat,and you'll make it with your own hands," he said,"No one can give you what you do for yourself." The words rang in my head as I worked. Finished the boat. It wasn't much to look at ,but I was poud. Then I sailed it at Storvassdal.
We had to return to America. "You cannot bring that boat home with you," my mother said. We already had too much baggage. Feeling sad, I hid my boat under a big rock at Storvassdal.
I said good-bye to Grandfather, not knowing I would never see him again.
In 1964, I went to Storvassdal with my parents and my wife and children. To my surprise,for 34 years my treasure stayed here,waiting for my return. I felt _ were togethet again although my grandfather had died 22 years before.
I carved"1930"and"1964" on its side and put it back.
I returned to the lake in 1968,1971,1977 and 1988. Each time I had the boat and carved the year,my grandfather seemed near.
My last trip to Storvassdal was in 1991. I brought my granddaughters: Catherine,13; Claire,12. I hoped they would understand the importance of the little boat and its simple message. At Storvassdal, Claire said softly, 'Grandpa,someday I'll come back.' She added,"And I'll bring my children."
The question is: What's the best titile of the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:The Little Boat That Sailed Through Time
B:The Little Boat And My Wife
C:The Little Boat That Sailed At Storvassdal
D:The Little Boat And My ParentsIn 1901, the citizens of Colorado Springs in the USA decided to collect everyday items and to seal  them in a special box. The box was marked "To be opened after midnight, December 31st, AD 2000",and was kept in the Colorado College Library.
One hundred years later, on the appointed  day, 300 people gathered to watch the opening of the box. Many in the crowd were the descendants  of people who had placed things inside the box.
When the box was opened after midnight, the things inside the box were in very good condition. There were newspapers, photos, diaries, name cards, family trees, books and lots of letters, including one written by Theodore Roosevelt, who became the President of the USA later that year. One of Roosevelt's friends lived in Colorado Springs at that time.
Many of the letters were written to their descendants. They describe the hopes that the people of 1901 had for the people of the next century. At that time, Colorado Springs had just a few thousand people. Now nearly half a million people live there.
Colorado College Library has scanned the materials and put them on a website. Cecil Muller, whose grandfather had placed a collection of postcards in the box, said that the time capsule was a great treasure. "This is a wonderful educational resource .  We can learn so much about our history,"he said. "I never knew my grandfather, but now I feel very close to him. "
The question is: Cecil Muller says that the time capsule   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:helps him to get to know his grandfather
B:is worth a lot of money
C:brings back his memories of his grandfather
D:helps him to remember his younger dayDanny lived for football. He played it, watched it, talked and dreamed about it. His favourite football star was Keith Connolly - Lowgate's captain.
One day in January, after school, Danny hurried through his homework. He wanted to watch TV. Keith Connolly was doing an interview on the local news programme.
Danny hoped that the television wouldn't go fuzzy*or lose the sound when Keith
Connolly was talking. It was an old set, and it did things like that.
It wasn't clear enough, but at last Keith Connolly's smiling face appeared on the screen.
"What I really like about playing for Lowgate," he said, "is the fans. They're the best. They always support us. It's wonderful running on to the playground to all that cheering and chanting."
Danny wished he could be in that crowd at the Lowgate ground, but the price of a single ticket was far above anything he could afford. There was no chance of the whole family going, or even just Danny and his little brother.
"You won again on Saturday," said the reporter. "Did the team go out to celebrate?"
"We went for a meal together," said Keith Connolly, "but I have to be careful about what I eat, because I want to stay fit. I love doughnuts* very much ..."
Then the sound went fuzzy, and Danny jumped up and _ the top of the set heavily to make it come on again. He hadn't missed much. But he had missed something important.
Keith Connolly had been saying "... but I'm not allowed to eat doughnuts."
Danny hadn't heard that. All he heard was that Keith Connolly loved doughnuts. And at the end of Danny's street was a bakery*. It sold the biggest and the best doughnuts!
When Danny went to bed, he lay wide-awake, making a plan.
The question is: One day, Danny did his homework hurriedly in order to   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:watch a TV programme
B:interview Keith Connolly
C:read a football newspaper
D:play with Keith ConnollyBlack wallet with some money.
Come to Room 502 in the evening, or call 9796788.
WANTED IMMEDIATELY
A boy or a girl to deliver newspapers
Pay: $ 10 per day
Hours: 3:30 a.m. to 8:30 a.m. from Mon. to Sat.
For more information
Call Mr. Jones on 8947659     Call Jeff on 3338651
SINGLES'  CLUB
A club for single people looking for new friends.
Ages: 25-40
Activities: parties, swimming, concerts, dances, etc
We meet every Friday at 8:30 p.m.
28 Garden Street        Tel: 7026449    E-mail: singleclub@yahoo.com
The question is: Who can join the Singles' Club?
The possible answers are:
A:A 24-year-old young man.
B:A 28-year-old married woman
C:A 29-year-old single lady.
D:A 50-year-old single man.An old man walked slowly into a restaurant with his cane . His old jacket and shoes made him unusual that day.
A young waitress named Mary watched him move towards a table by the window. She ran over to him, and said with a smile, "Here, sir. Let me give you a hand."
Without saying a word, he gave her a smile. She pulled the chair away from the table and helped him sit down. Then she put his cane against the table so that he could reach it. In a soft, clear voice, he said, "Thank you, miss."
"You're welcome, sir," she replied. "I'll be back in a moment, and if you need anything, just wave at me!"
After he had finished a good meal. Mary brought him the change. She handed him his cane, and walked with him to the front door. Holding the door open for him, she said, "Come back and see us, sir!" The old man turned around and smiled.
When Mary went to clean his table, she was shocked. Under the plate, she found a business card, a 100-dollar bill and a note. The note said, "Dear Mary, I respect  you very much, and you respect yourself, too. It shows the way you treat others. You have found the secret of happiness."
In fact, the old man was the owner of the restaurant. That was the first time that she, or any of his waitresses, had seen him.
The question is: The old man was   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:Mary's father
B:Mary's neighbour
C:the boss of the restaurant
D:a waiter of the restaurantFarquaad, the ruler of a country called Duloc, decides that all the characters from fantasy stories must leave the country. There is a huge green monster called Shrek who lives in a forest and all the fantasy characters hide in his home, although Shrek doesn't want them to.
Shrek visits Farquaad. Farquaad agrees that the fantasy characters can come back if Shrek can find the beautiful princess that Farquaad wants to marry. Shrek goes to look for the Princess Fiona. He finds her and discovers that at night she becomes as ugly as him. When Farquaad discovers that Fiona is ugly, he doesn't want to marry her. But the monster and the princess get married, and the princess decides to stay ugly all the time for love.
The question is: Which of the following sentences is True?
The possible answers are:
A:Fiona decides to stay ugly because she loves Shrek.
B:Fiona decides to stay ugly because she wants to marry Farquaad.
C:Fiona decides to stay ugly because she can't become beautiful again.
D:Fiona decides to stay ugly because she isn't the princess.We use our smart phones to carry out many tasks every day. Many of us have become so _ on them. However, it is bad for our eyes and health to use too much phone.
A study shows that smart phone owners usually start to use their phones early in the morning. They check persona1 emails and Wechat. And before they get out of bed, many people often check the weather, read the news, and send a message or two to friends. After getting up, they often take photos of food, themselves, and even whatever they can see with their phones. They share their photos with their friends. The research finds that users pick up their phones more than l,500 times to do different tasks in an average  week. And the smart phone users are on their phone for three hours and sixteen minutes a day. That is to say, people use their phones for almost one full day each week.
Using phones will take much time and it's also bad for our health. Many people stay up late to play phones,  And mobile phones will influence our sleep. Without using the phones, many people will feel sad. Many owners also find they use their phones without realizing they're doing so.
How do you think people use their phones too much?
The question is: How long do people use their phones a week?
The possible answers are:
A:Almost three hours and sixteen minutes.
B:Almost six hours and thirty-two minutes.
C:Almost twenty-four hours.
D:Almost thirty-six hours.There's always something deep in our soul that never dies. I moved to the small, busy town of Edison in New Jersey six years ago. It was during the second term of my fifth grade. My parents got new jobs and higher income, so they decided it was time to move from Woodbridge to a better, more educational town.
In the US, it is unnecessary to take a test to get into a "good" middle or high school. You just attend the school close to where you live. So, many parents will think about the quality (,) of the local school when they decide to buy a new house. My parents did the same. We finally chose Edison mainly because of the high quality of its school.
In New Jersey, an area with a good school usually means _ Asian people. There are about 300 students in our school. 55% are Asians and just under half of that are Chinese. There are so many Chinese people nearby that we even have our own Chinese school.
Edison is an old town, just like thousands of others in the United States. However, I have treated it as my hometown. That's where I spend much of my youth, and the memories there can't be moved at all.
The question is: How many students are from Asia in the writer's school?
The possible answers are:
A:About 80.
B:About 160.
C:About 220.
D:About 300.For some people, music is no fun at all. About 4% of the population is what scientists call "amusic". People who are amusic are born without the ability to enjoy musical notes. Amusic people often cannot tell the differences between two songs.
As a result, songs sound like noise to an amusic. Many amuics compare the sound of music to pieces of metal hitting each other. Life can be hard for amusics. In fact, most people cannot begin to understand what it feels like to be an amusic. Just going to a restaurant or a shopping center can be uncomfortable or even painful. That is why many amusics have to stay away from places where there is music. However, this can result in social loneliness. "I used to hate parties," says Margaret, a seventy-year-old woman who only recently discovered that she was amusic. By studying people like Margaret, scientists are finally learning how to identify  this unusual condition.
Scientists say that the brains of amusics are different from those of people who can enjoy music. The difference is complex , and it is not connected with poor hearing. Amusics can understand other non-musical sounds well. They also have no problems understanding common speech. Scientists compare amusics to people who just can't see certain colors.
Many amusics are happy when their condition is finally diagnosed . For years, Margaret felt embarrassed about her problem music. Now she knows that she is not alone. That makes it easier for her to explain. When people invite me to a concert, I just say "No, thanks. I'm amusic." says Margret.
The question is: What causes amusics different from most people according to scientists?
The possible answers are:
A:Their brains.
B:Their lack of colors.
C:Their problems with speech.
D:Their poor hearing.Mr. Li worked in a post office in Weihai. Last month he retired. His son works in America. Five years ago Mrs. Li went to America to look after their grandson. So Mr. Li decided to see them.
Mr. Li was afraid of taking the plane so he decided to go to America by ship. On the first morning on the ship, Mr. Li met an American. The man said to him, "Good morning!" Mr. Li thought the man told him his name. So he said to him, "Li Haitao."
On the second morning, Mr. Li met his son's friend on the ship. He told him about the American. After hearing that, his son's friend laughed and said, "He said hello to you in the morning."
On the third morning when Mr. Li met the American again, he said, "Good morning!" And the American said to him, "Li Haitao, sir."
The question is: Mrs. Li stayed in America for   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:one month
B:five months
C:three years
D:five yearsHello, my dear friends, today here's a funny cartoon for you! It is a Chinese cartoon. Its name is Happy Sheep and Big Big Wolf.
In this cartoon, there are some sheep and three wolves. Happy Sheep is the leading role. He likes playing football and running. He runs faster than the other sheep. Pretty Sheep likes making clothes and growing flowers. She is very beautiful. Lazy Sheep is clever. But he doesn't like doing sports. He likes sleeping best. Force Sheep is stronger than the other sheep. Warm Sheep is the class monitor at school. Slow Sheep is 68 years old. He is old. He is the village head. Every sheep has a lovely pet. Big Big Wolf wants to eat sheep. Red Wolf is Big Big Wolf's wife. She is very bad. Banana Wolf is nice. He is the friend of the sheep. He likes eating bananas very much.
The question is: Pretty Sheep likes   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:playing football
B:sleeping
C:making clothes
D:eating bananasMr. Smith drives his car to meet his friends at the station. When he finds there is still quite some time to go before the train arrives, he wants to take a short sleep. He is going to sleep when a young lady comes and asks him the time. Mr. Smith opens his eyes and answers, "Half past eight." With a "Thank you" the woman leaves. In a short time, this happens three more times, so Mr. Smith writes "I don't know the time!" on a piece of paper and puts it on the window of his car. But only a few minutes later, an old man comes and wakes him up. "Hi, young man. I can tell you the time. It's nine o' clock."
The question is: Mr. Smith wakes up   _   times.
The possible answers are:
A:three
B:four
C:five
D:oneIf you watch the sky for about an hour after the sun goes down , you may see some " moving stars". But they're not really stars. They're man--made satellites . And the biggest of all is the International Space Station(ISS). From May to July is the best season to watch the ISS flying over the earth. And people can see it with their eyes.
The ISS is the biggest satellite and scientists want to live on it. They think that the best way to learn more about space is to live there.
When the space station is finished , it will be like a city in space. People will stay and study there with many of the things they have at home. Laboratories, living rooms and power stations are being built. The ISS is the most expensive space program. Billions of dollars are being spent on it every year.
Scientists hope that the ISS will be _ for future space exploration . "The ISS will help us understand the human body better, explore space and study the earth. It can help us make life on the earth better, " said Kathryn Clark , an ISS scientist.
Sixteen countries are part of the program: the US, Russia, Canada, Japan, Brazil and 11 European countries. China isn't an ISS country , but it has helped with some of the experiments. In 2003 , China sent some rice up to the ISS to find out what space would do to it.
,.
The question is: China sent some rice up to the ISS in order to  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:be used as astronauts' food
B:sell it to aliens
C:do some science experiments
D:make it grow better in spaceMrs. Brown had a small garden behind her house and in the spring she planted some vegetables in it. She looked after them very carefully, and when the summer came, they looked very nice. One evening Mrs. Brown looked at her vegetables and said, "Tomorrow I am going to pick them and we can eat them." But early the next morning, her son ran into the kitchen and shouted, "Mother, mother! Come quickly! Our neighbor's ducks are in the garden and they are eating our vegetables!" Mrs. Brown ran out, but it was too late. All the vegetables are finished! Mrs. Brown cried, and her neighbor was very sorry, but that was the end of the vegetables. Then a few days before Christmas, the neighbor brought Mrs. Brown a beautiful fat duck. And on it was a piece of paper with the words, "ENJOY YOUR VEGETABLES!"
The question is: In   _   she planted some vegetables in the garden.
The possible answers are:
A:the summer
B:the winter
C:the autumn
D:the springChinese writer Mo Yan has won the 2012 Nobel Prize in Literature . He is the first Chinese who lives and works in China to win the prize.
Mo Yan, the pen-name for Guan Moye, was bom in 1955 and grew up in Gaomi in Shandong province in eastern China. His parents were farmers. He left school to work at the age of 12, first on the farm, later in a factory. In 1976 he joined the PLA and during this time he began to study literature and writing. His first short story was published in 1981.
He has written many famous books about his childhood and his hometown. The novel Honggaoliang jiazu is one of them. It tells five stories that took place in Gaomi during the 1930s and 1940s. The book was published in 1987 and translated into English in 1993. It was made into a popular movie in 1987 by the well-known director Zhang Yimou.
Besides his novels, Mo Yan has published many short stories and essays . He is regarded as one of the greatest writers in China. Many of his books have been translated into English, French and many other languages.
The Nobel Prizes were set up by Alfred Nobel, a great Swedish inventor, in 1895. The winner will win a medal, a diploma  and a cash award of 8 million Swedish Kronor (about 7 million yuan).
The question is: What was Alfred Nobel?
The possible answers are:
A:He was a poet.
B:He was a director.
C:He was an inventor.
D:He was a writer.All students need to have good study habits .When you have good study habits, you will learn things quickly and also remember them easily. Do you like to study in the living room? This is not a good place because it is usually too noisy. You need to study in a quiet place, like your bedroom. A quiet place will help you only think about one thing. When you study, don,t think about other things at the same time. Only think about your homework. If you do so, you will do your homework more quickly , and you will make fewer mistakes.
Good study habits are very important. If you do not have them, try to learn them. If your study habits are already good, try to make them better.
The question is: You need  _   when you study.
The possible answers are:
A:a dining room
B:a quiet place
C:a living room
D:a noisy placeIs there some one you hate? Well. Maybe you don't really hate them. But you get really angry every time you think of them.  If you don't let this anger go,  it can turn into bitterness .
Bitterness appears when we can't forgive someone who has hurt us or made us angry. Someone might say or do something that hurts us.  But instead of controlling he anger ,we keep t deep inside .  Before long, a bitter feeling begins to grow. We may think we are hurting that person by criticizing him or her often ,but we are really only hurting ourselves.
Bitterness can not only lead to serious health problems such as heart disease ,but also hurt out relationships with friends and family members .No one enjoy being around an angry person for very long .
If you see bitterness in your life ,here are some ways to deal with it .
Accept it
Instead of trying to _ your anger ,make it clear to yourself and accept it .See your anger for what it is and quickly deal with it .
Stop making excuses for it
You may feel you have a right to be angry .You may think you are right and the other person is wrong . You may even secretly enjoy making the other person look bad .But in the end ,bitterness hurts you much more than the other person . The bitterness will hold you back . and the other person will go on with his or her life .
Forgive and forget it
You probably can not completely put the anger out of your mind .But you can decide to forgive the other person . Forget it and move on .You'll enjoy better health and peace of mind .
The question is: According to the passage, we might get angry when someone  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:holds us back
B:forgets us
C:doesn't like us
D:hurts usHello, boys and girls. I have a photo. Let's have a look at it. This is me. My name is Jack. I'm in No.1 Middle School. This is my mother. She is a Chinese teacher. And this is my father. He is tall and strong. He is an English teacher. My mother and my father are not in my school. Look at the girl. She is my sister, Mary. She is clever. Mary has a dog. It's Spotty. Spotty is my good friend too. All of us are very happy.
The question is: This is a   _  of Jack's family.
The possible answers are:
A:photo
B:book
C:name
D:CD"You are welcome to have dinner with me on Sunday," said John.
"But I don't know where your house is," said Henry.
"It's easy. You get off the bus. Then cross the road, and take the first turning on the left. Walk for five minutes. Then you will see a big tree. Take the second on the right after the tree. Walk about a hundred metres down this road. There is a big red house. Go past the big house about five hundred metres, and you will see a small yellow house beside a little tree. Open the door with your foot. "
"With my foot?" said Henry, "Why?" "Well, you won't come to my house empty-handed will you? " said John.
The question is: Why does John ask Henry to open the door with his foot? Because he thinks Henry  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:will carry a lot of things in both hands
B:something is wrong with his hands
C:have nothing in his hands
D:is afraid to open the door with his handsInternational students in Christine Rhodes' English class in Australia share theirimpressions   of places they have visited in Australia.
Canberra, the nicest city in Australia
I went for a short holiday to Canberra. My uncle lives there. It's the nicest city in Australia, a little bit similar to Cairns. There're lots of big rivers and trees around the city.
Siggi Siebold from Germany
The small city of Mount Isa
I went to Mount Isa six months ago. It's a long way from Brisbane -- about 2,000 km. It's a small city, with a population of 21,000, but it has all the basic _ such as a base hospital, six schools and supermarkets. Here the weather is hot and gets very little rain. There're two big lakes to keep rainwater for people in the city to drink.
Indra Ekanayake
Lake Moondarra and amine  
In Mount Isa, there's adam   called Lake Moondarra. At weekends you can go there with your friends, and it is beautiful. On the lake, there is water skiing. Also, people can go fishing there.
There's a big mine in Mount Isa. Many people go to work in the mine and earn a lot of money. Mount Isa isn't a beautiful green place, but many people love it.
Ida Robb from Indonesia
The question is: Siggi Siebold is from  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:Australia
B:Germany
C:England
D:IndonesiaWelcome to your favorite show-"Music Land" ! This month we are going to have some special shows on Bach, the Father of Music.
Johann Sebastian Bach was born in Germany in 1685. During his life, Bach wrote a lot of music for the church   and for his students, but he himself did not keep his own works  carefully. Luckily, his second wife saved them for him, so today we can still remember Bach through his music.
Bach married twice in his life and had 20 children. He loved his family very much. He wrote music for one of his daughters to tell her that too much coffee was bad for her health. I am now going to play a song for you from this interesting Coffee Cantata. And we will hear more about Bach after this song.
The question is: Why did Bach write the Coffee Cantata?
The possible answers are:
A:To celebrate his birthday.
B:To show people his love of coffee.
C:To tell his child not to drink so much coffee.
D:To make a new kind of music for the church.Some years ago on a hot summer day in south Florida, a little boy decided to go for a swim in the lake behind his house. He ran out of the back door, leaving behind shoes, socks and shirt as he went.
He flew into the water, not realizing that as he swam toward the middle of the lake, an alligator   was getting close. The mother in the house was looking out of the window and saw the two as they got closer and closer together. In great fear, she ran toward the water, shouting to her son as loudly as she could. Hearing her voice, the little boy made a U--turn to swim to his mother. It was too late. Just as he reached her, the alligator reached him. The mother caught her little boy by the arms just as the alligator pulled his legs. That began an unbelievable tug-of-war   between _ . The alligator was much stronger than the mother, but the mother did her best not to let go. A farmer happened to drive by, heard their screams, rushed from his truck and helped them.
Luckily, after weeks and weeks in the hospital, the little boy survived. His legs were seriously scarred by the terrible attack of the animal. And on his arms, were deep scars where his mother's fingernails dug into his arms in her effort to pull the son she loved.
The newspaper reporter, who interviewed the boy, asked if he would show him his scars. The boy lifted the legs. And then, he said to the reporter, "Look at my arms. I have great scars on my arms, too. I have them because my mum wouldn't let go."
The question is: From the passage we can infer    _  .
The possible answers are:
A:the son was proud of his scars on his legs
B:the son was proud of his scars on his arms
C:the mother was unwilling to let the alligator go
D:the mother was stronger than the alligator in fact"How are you?" is a nice question. It's a friendly way that people in the USA greet each other. But "How are you" is also a very unusual question. It's a question that often doesn't need an answer. The person who asks "How are you?" hopes to hear the answer " Fine", even if the person's friend isn't fine. The reason is that "How are you?" isn't really a question and "Fine" isn't really an answer. They are simply other ways of saying "Hello" or "Hi".
Sometimes, people also don't say exactly what they mean. For example, when someone asks "Do you agree?" the other person might think, "No, I disagree. I think you're wrong..." But it isn't very polite to disagree so strongly, so the other person might say "I'm not sure." It's a nicer way to say that you don't agree with someone.
People also don't say exactly what they are thinking when they finish talking with other people. For example, may talks over the phone finish when one person says "I've to go now." Often, the person who wants to hang up gives an excuse "Someone's at the door." "Something is burning on the stove." The excuses might be real, or not. _ The excuse is more polite, and it doesn't hurt the other person.
Whether they are greeting each other, talking about an idea, or finishing a talk, people don't say exactly that they are thinking. It's an important way that people try to be nice to each other, and it's part of the rule of the game of language.
The question is: When a person in America asks "How are you?" he or she wants to hear "  _  ".
The possible answers are:
A:How are you?
B:Hello
C:I don't know
D:FineWhen I was young, my father used to grow carnations -- a kind of flower that was red, pink or white. He took care of them with much love and devotion. Every day he came home from work, he would enjoy watching them. And he used to tell us, "No one should touch my flowers."
One day, my younger sister Clemence, who loved dad very much, wanted to help him. So she cut the carnation from their stems   one by one and arranged   them on the ground. She believed that dad would be very happy to see them that way.
When mom and I realized what my sister had done, we became completely silent. However, my sister didn't know why no one showed her any appreciation  . When dad arrived, he went as usual straight to watch the flowers. Seeing his flowers lying on the ground like dead animals, he was shocked at first. He looked towards the street to see if it was any of the neighbors' children who could have done it. Then he looked at mom in silence. Finally mom, who always taught us to tell the truth no matter what, said, "No bad neighbors did this great job, only your lovely daughter Clemence."
Dad's face changed into a smile and then he said, "Do I have better flower than my lovely daughter?" My younger sister smiled and hugged   dad strongly.
,.
The question is: Which of the following would be the best title for the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:My Neighbors
B:Dad's Best Flower
C:Growing Carnations
D:Telling the truthTime Temp Glasses
Are you a person who wants to know the time and temperature during the day? You might like Temp Glasses. These special glasses show the time above your right eye and the temperature your left eye. It is surely easier than wearing a wristwatch, and you never have to guess the Tature.
Alarm  Fork
Do you eat too quickly? Do you eat too much? How can the Alarm Fork help you? Aren't you is  ? Well, this special fork has two lights: one green and one red. When the green is on, it's OK to eat a piece of food. The fork "knows" when you eat a piece, and soon the red goes on. Wait for the green light before you eat another piece.
Smell This
Sow do you know if your breath smells nice, or if it smells bad? It's difficult It) know, because it's very hard to smell the air that comes out of your own mouth. Smell This is useful for this ion. Smell This covers your nose and your mouth. Docs your breath smell nice, or do you need a piece of gum ?
Banana Suitcase 
Has this ever happened to you? You put a banana in your bag lunch in the morning, and when pen the bag at noon, the banana looks like someone drove a car over it. If you put your banana Banana Suitcase, this will never happen. It keeps a banana safe, delicious, and looking like a m!
The question is: The writer thinks that the four inventions are  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:dangerous
B:useless
C:unusual
D:expensiveDaniel: Hi, Simon. How are you these days?
Simon: Not bad. But I just feel a little sad.
Daniel: What's wrong?
Simon: You see, I bought some goldfish last week. But now they all die.
Daniel: I'm afraid you forgot to change water for them.
Simon: No.  I just gave them a lot to eat. I think they like eating.
Daniel: Oh,I see. It's the food that killed your goldfish. You know goldfish can only remember things for 3 seconds.
Simon: So what?
Daniel: So they always forget they have already eaten food. They just keep eating if you feed them.
Simon: You mean my goldfish die of eating too much?
Daniel: That's right.
Simon: Oh,my poor goldfish.
Daniel: Don't be sad. Why not have a cat or a dog as your pet?
Simon: Oh, no. I don't like them. Cats and dogs always make much noise and they will make my room dirty. Besides that I should take good care of them.
Daniel: Well,why don't you try an e-pet?  It's modern and cute. And it's easy to look after because they don't need food and water. The most important thing is that you can control it freely.
Simon: That's good! I want to have an e-pet.
Daniel: That will cost you a lot of money.
Simon: Oh, my God! I think I will just have it in my dream.
The question is: Which isn't the advantage of having an e-pet?
The possible answers are:
A:It's modern and cute.
B:It's expensive.
C:It's easy to look after.
D:It can be controlled freely.On March 3, 1887, the lives of two amazing women were changed forever when Anne Sullivan, a poor university graduate, arrived at the home of the wealthy Keller family to teach their six-year-old daughter Helen. It was a difficult job as Helen was unable to see, hear or speak because of illness.
Anne had been suggested to the Kellers by her university professor, a close friend of Mr. Keller. Before she arrived, Anne expected her new pupil to be a quiet, weak child. But Helen was nothing like that. When Anne first walked through the Kellers' door, the energetic Helen nearly knocked her over in her hurry to feel Anne's face, clothing and bag.
Helen was used to visitors bringing her sweets, and angrily tried to force open Anne's case to take her candy. But Anne calmed her down by allowing Helen to play with her watch. So began one of the most successful student-teacher relationships in history.
Anne Sullivan was only twenty years old when she began teaching Helen. She had to not only teach the child all the usual school subjects, but also control Helen's sometimes wild behaviour. Her well-meaning parents allowed Helen to do as she liked at home. Realizing that such an environment was unsuitable for learning, Anne requested that she and Helen live in a small house nearby.
As soon as Helen began learning, it became clear that she was especially intelligent. She quickly learned to read and write, and by the age of ten she could also speak.
In 1900, Helen started studying at Radcliffe University, and graduated first in her class in 1904. She was the very first blind and deaf person to get a university degree. How did she do it? Anne Sullivan read all of Helen's books and then signed the information into her hand. Anne remained at Helen's side until her death in 1936. Helen became a world-famous writer, and fought for disabled people's rights until her death on Jun 1, 1968.
The question is: How did Anne come to work at the Kellers' home?
The possible answers are:
A:She replied to a job advertisement.
B:She was introduced by her family friend.
C:she was recommended by her university professor.
D:She met Mr. Keller while studying at university.In Britain life used to be fun for teenagers.They used to have money to spend , and free time to _ .They used to wear teenage clothes, and meet in teenage coffee bars and discos.Some of them still do.But for many young people, life is harder now.Jobs are difficult to find.There's not so much money around.Things are more expensive, and it's hard to find a place to live in.Teachers say that students work harder than they used to.They are less interested in politics  , and more interested in passing exams.They know that good exam results may bring them better jobs.
Most young people worry more about money than their parents did twenty years ago.They try to spend less and save more.They want to be able to get homes of their own one day.
For some, the answer to unemployment  is to leave home and look for jobs in one of Britain's big cities.Every day hundreds of young people arrive in London from other parts of Britain, looking for jobs.Some find jobs and stay.Others don't, and go home again, or join the unemployed in London.
The question is: What are British students interested in now?
The possible answers are:
A:Clothes.
B:Finding jobs.
C:Politics.
D:Passing exams.There's no pizza on Mars, but scientists have found a solution to this problem for hungry astronauts: a pizza printer! NASA, the American space agency, has developed a machine that "prints" food. They showed a model of the printer in Austin, Texas last month.
How does it work? Cartridges  filled with powdered dough , cheese, sauce, water and oil put the ingredients layer by layer onto a printer bed. The printer bed, which gets hot from below, cooks the food as it's being printed.
Since most of the ingredients are powdered, they can be sent into space and stored for many years without going bad. Water makes food go sour, so the food powders are mixed with water and oil only when they are being printed.
"Long-distance space travel requires more than 15 years of shelf life for food." says Anjan Contractor, whose company developing the printer. " We take water out, and in that form, food will last maybe 30 years."
In outer space, there are far fewer choices for astronauts for dinner. Most of their foods--even things like beef or shrimp--are eaten from bags as powders . Scientists hope the new food printer can be used to make more delicious food in outer space, keeping astronauts healthier and happier.
But the printer is not limited to use in outer space. Scientists think it could be useful on Earth, too. It could allow personal meals to be made at the dinner table, according to each person's different needs.
"Let's say someone is an athlete in the family, and he needs more protein ," says Anjan Contractor, founder of Systems and Materials Research Corp, the company developing the printer. "We can design recipes for him and print out more protein-nutritious food for him."
The question is: In outer space, food can be stored for many years without going bad  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:when it's mixed with water
B:when it's mixed with oil
C:when it's powdered
D:when it's put in the fridgeDear Mom,
We had a nice time in the park last week, Mom, but you left the day before yesterday. Where did you? What happened to you?
When we were together, we went shopping, flew kites, went swimming ... You bought me a T-shirt in a store. You helped me with my homework. And you made sandwiches for me. We also slept together every night. You never said you would leave me. I began to look for you when I found you left, but I failed.
Mom, thank you for teaching me so much. I hope to see you again. It's time for bed. I miss you!
Yours,
Jim
The question is: The writer wrote the letter   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:in the morning
B:after class
C:in the afternoon
D:before going to bedDo you like children? Do you have free  time in the afternoon?  We need a babysitter  for our son. He's five years old. The working time is Monday to Friday, 3:00 pm to 6:pm. ( $ 5 an hour)
We need help with: Looking after our son; Reading to him; Playing with him.
You must work at our house. We live in Changchun, near the Culture Square . Please call Mr. Green at 5638--2949.
.
The question is: The child in the ad is   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:15 months old
B:15 years old
C:5 months old
D:5 years oldWhen the man's wife died, their youngest baby was 2 years old. They had six other children -- three boys and three girls, aged from 4 to 16. The man's parents and his wife's parents came to visit.
"We've been talking about how to make this work," they said. "There's no way you can take care of all these children and work to make a living. So, we've decided to place each child with a different uncle and aunt." The man refused.
Over the next few weeks, he moved the family to a tiny town and opened a small business. His business developed quickly. He was happy to see people and serve them. He became popular with people for his pleasant personality and excellent customer service. People came from far away to do business with him. And the children helped both at home and at work.
The children grew up and got married. Five of the seven went off to college. The children's success was a source   of pride to the father.
Then came grandchildren. No one enjoyed grandchildren more than this man. As they became toddlers  , he invited them to his workplace and his small home. They brought each other great joy.
Finally, the youngest daughter, who was 2 years old when the mother died, got married. With his life's work done, the father died.
This man's work had been the lonely but joyful task of raising his family. This man was my father. I was the 16-year-old, the oldest of seven.
,. (5,2,10)
The question is: The man's parents and his wife's parents came to his house to   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:suggest placing each child with a different aunt and uncle
B:talk about finding a new wife for him
C:give him money to support the family
D:help take good care of his childrenWhat will man be like in the future --- in 5,000 or even 50,000 years from now? We can only make guesses, of course, but we can be sure that he will be different from what he is today, because man is slowly changing all the time.
Let us take an example. Man, even five hundred years ago, was shorter than he is today. Now, on average , men are about three inches taller. 500 years is relatively  a short period of time, so we may suppose that man will continue to grow taller.
Again, in the modern world we use our brains a great deal. Even so, we still use only about 20% of the brain's capacity . As time goes on, however, we shall have to use our brains more and more, and finally we shall need our brains more and more, and finally we shall need larger ones! This is likely to bring a physical change too. The head, especially the forehead , will grow larger.
Nowadays our eyes are used too much. In fact, we use them so much that very often they become weaker and we have to wear glasses. But over a long time it is possible that man's eyes will grow stronger.
On the other hand, we make use of our arms and legs less. These, as a result, are likely to grow weaker. At the same time, however, our fingers will grow more sensitive  because they are used a lot in modern life.
But what about hair? This will probably disappear from the body because it does not serve a useful purpose any longer. In the future, then, both men and women are likely to be hairless.
Perhaps all this gives the impression that future man will not be a very attractive  person to look at! This may be true.However, future man will still have a lot in common with us. He will still be a person, with thoughts and feelings similar to our own.
The question is: Which of the following is TRUE about man in the future?
The possible answers are:
A:He is hairless because hair is no longer useful.
B:He has smaller eyes and wears better glasses.
C:His fingers grow weaker because he doesn't need to use them.
D:He thinks and feels in a different way.Who's building the new China? It's not the factory owners or the business men.It's someone else.
We see them every day.They work day and night in the terrible working places and weather.They build the roads,the theaters,the cinemas and the supermarkets.They even clean up our rubbish.They are China's migrant workers .
Over 140 million workers left their homes in the countryside to look for jobs in big cities around China.They hope to be rich,but they find they have many difficulties in making enough money.And one of the difficulties is the pride and discrimination from the people in cities.
When night falls.I see the sad faces of the migrant workers.Many are living far away from the people whom they love.
Yes,they dress differently,they speak differently,and they have different habits,but they work hard.The people in cities think they are outsiders,and most governments refuse  to give them medical care  and public schooling for their children.
If China hopes to move into the future.many things need to change.The first is discrimination! We need to stop our discrimination against the migrant workers of China! They may not make as much money as some people in cities,but they are good people just trying to _ . These workers are very important and necessary to China's economic development and play an important role in changing Chinese society .They are building the new China,so we should help them.
The question is: Which one is NOT TRUE about China's migrant workers according to the report?
The possible answers are:
A:The people around the country should help the migrant workers .
B:More than 140 million migrant workers are in big cities to make money.
C:The people in cities welcome migrant workers though they are outsiders.
D:China's migrant workers are important in changing Chinese society.Light travels at a speed which is about a million times faster than the speed of sound. You can get some idea of this difference by watching the start of a race. If you stand some distance  away from the starter, you can see smoke from his gun before the sound reaches your ears.
This great speed of light produces some strange facts. Sunlight  takes about 8 minutes to reach us. If you look at the light of the moon tonight, remember that the light rays left the moon 1.3 seconds before they reached you. The nearest star is so far away that the light that you can see from it tonight started to travel towards you four years ago at a speed of nearly 2 million km. per minute. In some cases, the light from one of tonight's stars had started on its journey to you before you were born.
Thus, if we want to be honest, we can't say, "The stars are shining tonight." We have to say instead, "The stars look pretty. They were shining four years ago, but their light has only just reached the earth."
The question is: The scientific way of saying "The stars are shining tonight" should be   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:the stars have been shining all the time
B:the stars seen tonight will shine four years later
C:the stars were shining long ago but seen tonight
D:the starlight seen today could be seen four years agoMr. and Mrs. Green had different ideas about where to go last weekend. Mrs Green wanted to go to Florida  to see her sister, but Mr Green didn't like to go there. He wanted to go to Maine .
"Florida is too hot in summer," Mr Green said to Mrs Green.
"Maine is quite cold," said Mrs Green, "I like swimming, but the water in Maine is usually not warm enough."
"Florida is too far," said Mr Green, "We don't have enouh time to drive there. It'll take us more than two days."
Just then, the telephone rang. Mr Green answered the phone. It was his mother. "Is that Jim speaking? Please cme quickly. I need help. I'm calling from the hospital in Boston." She said.
They stopped the discussion , and they left for Boston at once.
The question is: Who called them when they were talking?
The possible answers are:
A:Mr Green.
B:Mr Green's wife.
C:Mr Green's mother
D:Mr Green's sonThese days, when the world seems to be hard to control, walking can make you feel peaceful. It gives you a chance to slow down, to relax and to appreciate yourself and your life in general. It helps you slow down enough to breathe deeply, to calm your thoughts, and to research the natural world filled with wonders. And yes, to love yourself more.
Try to spend one day for a long travel on foot--far from the requirements of work and family. First, choose a date and mark it as your "relaxing day". Next, choose a place that you want to visit on foot. If you enjoy being out in nature, head to a wide and open place. Try to choose a place that's no more than 15 minutes from your home. You want to spend your time walking, not driving.
Walk at an easy speed so you can walk longer and farther. If you normally walk two miles a day, go for four to six miles. Wear comfortable clothes. If it's warm, wear a hat to protect your face. And don't forget your sunglasses-- not only to protect your eyes but also to give you a sense of privacy while you walk.
Before you go out, get up early so you can spend a few minutes relaxing. Relaxing is something few people spend in their spare time, but it leaves you feeling much lighter and less annoyed. Read something relaxing before you leave home, and it'll put you in a different condition of mind. And, of course, eat a healthy breakfast and drink plenty of water. Then pick up your backpack and head out. And enjoy yourself.
The question is: Before you go out for a walk, you should   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:eat a healthy breakfast.
B:drink plenty of water.
C:get up early and relax yourself.
D:all above.A young shoemaker left his village. Along the way, he saw some ants who were very sad because a bear had destroyed their house. The shoemaker helped them rebuild it, and the ants offered to return the favor.
The shoemaker followed his way and found some bees with the same problem as the ants. The young man also helped them, and the bees promised to help him in the future.
Further along , the shoemaker learned that the king's daughter was in the castle of a witch . The young man decided to save her, But the witch threw him a bag of sand mixed with small seeds and told him that if he wasn't able to separate  the two, she would cut off his head before the sun came out.
The young man thought about his death. But his friends the ants came and helped him pass the test. The witch was very surprised. Then she took him to a room where there were thirteen girls with their faces covered. The shoemaker had to discover which one was the princess.
The young man became _ but he saw a bee that landed on a girl's body. She is the true princess. When the shoemaker uncovered her face, the witch was changed into a crow. The young people fell in love and lived with animals happily.
The question is: _  helped the shoemaker find the true princess.
The possible answers are:
A:An ant
B:A bee
C:A crow
D:The witchAre you looking for something fun and would you like to help other people in your free time? Then join us.
We have jobs for people of all ages;Anyone from twelve-year-old children to 80-year-old people can become one of us.
You can help people in many ways.Schools need help with taking care of children while their parents are working.Hospitals need us to look after children while their parents see a doctor.Animal lovers can help take care of thosedogs and cats without homes.There is something to do for everyone.
"As a member of this group,I don't want to get anything.Seeing the children's happy faces,I am happy,too."said Susan,an old woman of 62.
"I often played computer games in my free time before.Now I help older people learn how to use Computers,"said another one at the age of 18.
If everyone helps out a bit,we'1l all have a better world to live in.
Interested? Call us on 3847613 or visit our website :http://www. activol.com.
The question is: Who does Susan look after?
The possible answers are:
A:Children.
B:Old people
C:Animals.
D:People in hospital.When the plane was waiting at the airport,a big snake climbed up the steps and into the plane. It went to sleep under the pilot's  seat. Nobody noticed. Soon the passengers  get on the plane and it took off. A little girl called Mary took out a whistle  and began playing. But none of the passengers liked the music. They got the stewardess to ask the girl to stop.
The sound of the plane's engines  woke up the snake. It put its head out and looked around the captain's  room. When the captain saw the snake, he was so frightened that he could hardly breath. He was so afraid that he could not control  the plane. The plane began to swing from side to side. The stewardess told the passengers what was happening and ask them to calm down. Mary was not afraid. She ran to the captain's room with her whistle and began to play the slow tune . At once the snake followed her. The girl returned to her seat and the snake lay on the floor beside her. Dancing to the music.
When the plane landed the airport the snake was taken in a net to a zoo near Mary's house. She often went to visit the snake.
The question is: The snake  _   the music Mary was playing.
The possible answers are:
A:liked
B:didn't enjoy
C:was frightened by
D:became afraid ofAmericans with small families own a small car or a large one. If both parents are working, they usually have two cars. When the family is large, one of the cars is sold and they will buy a van  .
A small car can hold   four persons and a large car can hold six persons but it is very crowded . A van hold seven persons easily, so a family with three children could ask their grandparents to go on a holiday travel. They could all travel together.
Mr Hagen and his wife had a third child last year. This made them sell a second car and bought a van. The sixth and seventh seat are used to put other things, for a family of five must carry many suitcases  when they travel. When they arrive at their grandparents' home, the suitcases are brought into the home and the two seats can then carry the grandparents.
Americans call vans motor homes. A motor home is always used for holidays. When a family are traveling to the mountains or to the seaside, they can live in their motor home for a few days or weeks. All the members of a big family can enjoy a happier life when they are traveling together. That is why motor homes have become very popular. In   America there are many parks for motor homes.
The question is: Motor homes have become popular because  _
The possible answers are:
A:they can take people to another city when people are free
B:they can let families have a happier life when they go out for their holidays
C:some people think motor homes are cheap
D:big families can put more things in motor homesThe westerners have more vacation days than us. Some people like to stay at home during their vacation. They work in the garden, visit their friends, read books or watch television. Many families take their lunch to a park or somewhere far from the city. They like to eat under some trees or near a nice lake. If they live near the sea, they often go to the seaside. There they can fish, swim or enjoy the sun.
The westerners like travelling. They think travelling and outdoor activities are the parts of their lives. They work hard to save money, but their main purpose  is to travel.
Most western students often make use of their vacation to camp. There are thousands of camp interesting bases  in western countries. They can swim, go fishing, attend lectures, and take part in many other recreational  activities there. It can help them wrest from the secrets of nature, train  their viability , and teach them how to be self-reliant  .
The question is: Some westerners like to   _   at home during their vacation.
The possible answers are:
A:clean their rooms
B:cook their meals
C:work in the garden and watch TV
D:go fishingIn classes, your teachers will talk about topics that you are studying. The information they provide will be important for you to know when you take tests. You must be able to take good written notes from what your teachers say.
Taking good notes has three stages. There are certain things you should do before class, during class, and after class. Here are the three stages of note-taking and what you should do during each class.
1. Get Ready to Take Notes
Review your notes from the previous  class before you come to class. This will help you remember what was covered and get you ready to understand the new information your teacher will provide.
Complete all assigned  readings before you come to class. Your teacher will expect that  you have done this and will use and build upon this information.
Bring all note-taking materials with you to class - several pens and pencils as well as your notebook.
2. Take Notes
Keep your attention on what your teacher is saying. Paying attention to "signal statements". Examples of signal statements are "The most important point ..." and "Remember that ..," Be sure to include in your notes information that your teacher repeats or written on the blackboard.
Write quickly so that you can include all the important information in your notes. Do this by writing abbreviated   words such as med for medicine, using symbols such as % for percent, and writing short sentences. Place a "?" next to information about whose meaning you are not sure.
The question is: What's the writer's purpose in writing this passage?
The possible answers are:
A:To encourage us to listen carefully in class.
B:To tell us the importance of taking notes.
C:To tell us how to quickly improve our study.
D:To give us some tips on how to take notes.I really love my job because I enjoy working with small children and like the challenges and awards from the job. I also think my work is important. I wasn't an excellent student because I didn't do much schoolwork. In my final term I started thinking what I might do and found I didn't have much to offer.
I then found myself a job, looking after two little girls. It wasn't too bad at first. But the problems began when I agreed to live in. I would be there if my boss had to go out for business in the evening. We agreed that if I had to work extra hours one week, she'd give me time off the next. But unluckily, it didn't often work out. I was getting very tired. Because I had too many late nights and early mornings with the children.
One Sunday, I was in the park with the children, and met Megan who used to go to school with me. I told her about my situation. She suggested that I should do a course and get a qualification if I wanted to work with children. I didn't think I would be accepted because I didn't take many exams in school. She asked me to phone the local college and they were really helpful. My experience counted for a lot and I got on a part-time course. I had to leave my job with the family, and got work helping out at a kindergarten.
Now I've got a full-time job there. I shall always be thankful to Megan. I wish I had known earlier that I could have a success, even if I am not top of the class at school.
The question is: What has the writer learned from her own experiences?
The possible answers are:
A:Less successful students can still have a success.
B:Qualifications are necessary for a job.
C:Hard work makes an excellent student.
D:One must choose the job she like.When I was a kid in Minnesota, watermelon was expensive. One of my father's friends, Bernie, was a rich businessman, who owned a large store in St. Paul.
Every summer, when the first watermelons arrived, Bernie would call. Dad and I would go to Bernie's place. We' d sit on the edge of the dock , feet dangling , and got ready for a big meal.
Bernie would take his knife, cut our first watermelon, hand us both a big piece and sit down next to us. Then we'd bury our faces in watermelon, eating only the heart--the reddest, juiciest, firmest, sweetest, most seed-free part--and throw away the rest.
Bernie was my father's idea of a rich man. I always thought it was because he was such a successful businessman. Years later, I realized that it was not Bernie's wealth itself but his way of dealing with it that my father liked. Bernie knew how to stop working, get together with friends and eat only the heart of the watermelon.
What I learned from Bernie is that being rich is a state of mind. Some of us, no matter how much money we have, will never be free enough to eat only the heart of the watermelon. If you don't take the time to dangle your feet over the dock and enjoy life's small pleasure, your work is probably hurting your life.
For many years, I forgot that lesson I'd learned as a kid on the loading dock. I was too busy making all the money I could.
Well, I've relearned it. I hope I have time left to enjoy the success of others and to take pleasure in the day. That's _ . I have learned again to throw the rest away.
The question is: In the eyes of the writer's father, Bernie   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:was just a rich businessman
B:worked hard all the time
C:lived a rich but healthy life
D:knew how to make moneyIn 1834, the clock tower in London was burned down. People planned to build a new clock which would be the biggest and best in the world. So the clock had to be big and keep very good time. The big clock was made in two years. Five more years later the tower was finished. Then people put the big clock in the tower, and made it ring out for the first time on July 11, 1859.
In order to give the bigclock a good name, people held a meeting. Someone wanted to call it the Queen of Bells, and someone thought Victoria was good. At last, a man named Benjamin Hall stood up. He was a big man. Before he started to speak, someone shouted, "Why not call it Big Ben? "Everybody laughed and agreed with him.
From then on, Big Ben became its name. And it also became a famous building of London. People all over the world write to Big Ben. They even send birthday presents--bottles of oil-to help keep Big Ben running. Big Ben is not only a clock but also a dear friend ofpeople.
The question is: Big Ben's birthday is    _  .
The possible answers are:
A:July 11, 1854
B:1834
C:July 11, 1859
D:July 11, 1852Some children are talking about their favourite subjects and activities at school.
Lucy: I think music is my favourite. I like listening to many beautiful English songs. I need to _ after a day's work, so I often listen to music after supper.
Kate: I like music, too. But I only listen to Chinese songs, especially Jay Chow's songs. I also like drawing. I want to be a great painter. I also like reading. Reading makes me clever.
Peter: I don't like music or drawing. I like playing basketball. I am a good basketball player. Don't you think it's cool?
Jacky: I am not a good basketball player, but I play football well. It makes me strong. I feel great when I am on the football field. I play football for half an hour every day.
Andy: I am not like many other boys I don't like sports. I think reading is my favourite. I can learn a lot from books. I read books for an hour every day.
The question is: What does peter think is cool?
The possible answers are:
A:Music.
B:Playing basketball.
C:Drawing.
D:Playing football.Many people have to work on the weekend. Some people do not mind. Others think it is terrible.
One man thinks that working on the weekend can be dangerous. He is Graham Coates. Mr Coates works in an office in Brighton, England.
On Saturday, May 24, 1986, he went to the office to do some work. When he got on the lift , it stopped between floors. Mr Coates could not get out of the lift. He started to shout, but no one heard him. Then Mr. Coats remembered that it was a holiday in England. No one was going to come to work until Tuesday.
There was nothing for him to do. He had to wait until one of his workmates came to work and found him. With nothing to eat or drink, Mr Coats ended up sleeping for most of the day.
Now Mr. Coates says, "I only use lifts if they have telephones in them."
The question is: In the lift, there was  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:water
B:beer
C:telephone
D:nothingDo you like dogs? Do you know the following things about dogs?
The first pet dog
Dogs are meat-eating animals. They belonged to the family of wolves   a long time ago. About 15,000 years ago, people started keeping wolves for hunting  . Over the time, the wolves began to look like dogs and they became people's pets.
What a dog looks like
Dogs come in different sizes, colors and shapes, but they're the same in some ways. All kinds of dogs have a set of forty-two strong teeth for eating. They have sharp claws   at the end of their feet for digging up soil   and holding onto the ground when they walk. They have very good eyesight. They also have high ability   to hear and smell.
How a dog grows
A mother dog gives birth to one to twelve babies at a time. New-born baby dogs cannot see or hear until they are two weeks old. The mother dog gives the baby dogs milk. When they are four weeks old, they start eating soft food. When they're eight weeks, the baby dogs have very strong legs and they can go for long walks.
How to read a dog's feelings
Dogs act differently when they have different feelings. When a dog is angry, it opens its mouth and shows its teeth. When a dog is frightened, it lowers its ears and holds its tail   between its legs. A happy dog always wags   its tail.
,. (10)
The question is: What does a dog do when it is frightened?
The possible answers are:
A:It opens its mouth.
B:It shows its teeth.
C:It wags its tail.
D:It holds its tail between its legs.Mozart was born on January 27, 1756 and died on December 5 , 1791. When he was three, he often had lessons with his elder sister. His father took him through many different countries, where he played music for lots of people.
But some people didn't believe a little boy could write such beautiful music. They asked him to stay in a room all by himself for a week and somebody watched the room all the time . In a week , he finished a new piece of music . After that, people believed that he could write beautiful music.
Mozart died when he was still a young man. During his short life he studied music and taught music and played music and wrote music. Even by working so hard, he couldn't make much money . Often he had to borrow money from his friends. But his music made him happy and for more than two hundred years his music has made other people happy, too.
The question is: Although Mozart was famous , he was  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:hard
B:rich
C:happy
D:poorAmericans love cars.They go everywhere in them.8 5%of people in the US go to and from work by car. And most adults have driving licenses.Why does this car culture exist?
How it started
America's love of cars started after the war when soldiers returned home from World War II to rebuild their lives.They borrowed money from the government to buy houses and cars which became the symbols of status .The more money they had,the bigger their cars were.
Making of roads
During the war,President Eisenhower noticed what good roads Germany had.He decided to build new four-lane roads in America.He said if something happened suddenly,the two-lane roads wouldn't be able to carry all the cars that would suddenly leave the cities.Car and oil companies liked his idea and
started.
Car lover
Not just teenagers are crazy about cars.Some Americans love their cars so much that they paint their cars beautifully .These are called Art Cars.Every April there is an activity in Houston,Texas,where they show their cars.
Pollution
Cars have polluted the environment.American President Bush refused a worldwide law that is against pollution.Many countries were angry about it.Bush said he had to think of the American economy and all the American people that make money from cars.Factories say they want to make cars that pollute less.But others say making cars that pollute less will never be as good as having fewer cars.
The question is: New four-1ane roads were build    _   .
The possible answers are:
A:in Germany
B:by car and oil companies
C:in America
D:when something suddenly happenedAn astronaut's work may sound exciting, but living in space isn't as fun as you think. The website www.space.com lists the disadvantages of living in space. Here are some of them.
When astronauts work outside the station during spacewalks, they have to wear special gloves. The gloves are very tight. They can hurt the astronauts' fingernails  and even make them fall off.
In space, you don't have many choices in what you eat. It's hard to get fresh fruits and vegetables. It is not OK to eat bread because it leaves crumbs . Crumbs could fly around everywhere.
In space, it is impossible to have a good shower because water can fly all over the ship and break the machines. Astronauts have to use a special water-shooting  gun and a washcloth.
Astronauts lose their bone strength quickly during their stay in space. So far, there is no way to solve this problem. They do exercise while they're in space to try to keep their bones strong as long as possible.
Perhaps the hardest part of life in space is the feeling of loneliness. Astronauts sometimes have to spend weeks and even months away from Earth. They miss their friends and families.
The question is: People often think the life in space is  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:terrible
B:lonely
C:hard
D:funWelcome you to a friendly family run pub
THE BOOT
FREE HOUSE
18 Brinkley Rd Dullingham, Near Newmarket  Tel: 01638 507327
Beer Festival 29 April - 2 May
ALWAYS AVAILABLE
Adanms Best Bitter, Broadside & Guest Beers
Traditional Pub Food served  Mon - Fri  12noon--2pm
Opening Times:
Monday to Friday  11am--2:30pm & 5pm - 11pm
Saturday: 11am--11pm     Sunday: 12 noon -2:30pm & 7pm - 10:30pm
The question is: During Beer Festival, guests can easily get   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:Adanms Best Bitter
B:Broadside
C:Guest Beers
D:all aboveDo you want to know how you can succeed in a new school term? Here are several tips for you from some teachers.
* Use a calendar or chart. Write down special tasks, activities and important dates on a calendar. This helps you remember things you need to do. You can also make a chart. Then, use colorful pens to circle or draw a line under your homework, reading tasks or other activities. By using a chart, you learn how to plan for your studies.
* Buy folders   in different colors. Put your notebooks in different folders according to the subject. This helps you keep papers and notes organized.
* Books are great friends. Visit the bookstore or library every few weeks to find a new book to read. The more you get excited about reading, the more confident you will become.
* Join all kinds of clubs or sports. It's important to communicate with teenagers outside of school. Joining sports clubs or other group activities is also a good way to help you learn how to get on with others. During this process , you can learn how to solve problems and respect others.
* Ask for help. You're never too old to ask for help. You can turn to your teachers when there is a question about homework, projects or relationships with your family members. They are there to help solve problems and listen to you.
The question is: How many tips can you find from the passage?   _   .
The possible answers are:
A:Three
B:Four
C:Five
D:SixDo you enjoy visiting a museum? Did you ever make a plan before a visit? Every museum must have something that attracts you. And there are many possible ways to enjoy yourself in a museum. If you follow these steps below, you'll know what is worth seeing and doing, so that you can make the most of your time at the museum.
Decide what museum you will visit. There are so many different kinds of museums and you first need to find one that you like. It's easy for you to choose one and start an enjoyable visit!
Do some research online. Every museum now has a website which allows you to look through the information about it. On the website, you may look for such things as:
The exhibits -See what is on show at the museum at all times, and what special exhibitions are held for a short time.
The history of the museum -There will often be very interesting stories about the exhibits and the benefactors  . That can make your visit more interesting.
Activities -See whether there are talks, tours our special activities on the day when you visit. Many museums hold some activities that meet the interests of all age groups.
Cost, food or shortage - It's important how much the visit will cost. You have to decide whether or not you can eat there. You might also need to find out transportation needs, as well as storage for coats, bags etc.
Learn at least one thing on your visit. It is always good to take away something new from your visit.
Plan breaks into your visit. When you walk around, standing here and studying exhibits there, you may become very tired. So it is important to take breaks. A break is a good opportunity for you to think of what you have seen and what else you might wan t to do in museum.
Take a friend or two. Visiting museums is always a lot more fun when you are with someone else. You can talk over what you're seeing. A friend also brings another way of thinking when you talk about the exhibit.
The question is: If we visit a museum with friends, we can  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:share the experience with them
B:come up with strange ideas
C:cut down the cost of the visit
D:discuss the next visit planSue and Linda usually go to school by car. They drive past  a cinema, a supermarket and a food shop. The food shop is next to the supermarket. Jack and Michael usually go to school by bus. They go past a bank and a post office. The bank is next to the post office. Mary usually goes to work by bike. She rides a bike past a police office, a library and a swimming pool.
The question is: How many people are there in this passage?
The possible answers are:
A:Five
B:Three
C:Four
D:TwoThere are five people in my family. We all like watching TV, but we like different TV shows .
My grandpa is a great fan  of Beijing Opera . He likes watching it very much. Now he is in a Beijing Opera club . There he talks about Beijing Opera and acts in it with other Beijing Opera fans.
My grandma likes cross talk , and she often watches it on TV. Her favorite cross talker is Guo Degang.
My father is a reporter from a TV station . He watches all kinds of TV shows, but his favorite TV show is news.
My mother is a teacher. Her favorite TV shows are soap operas . She thinks they are very interesting. But I think they are very boring.
I like playing basketball, so my favorite TV shows are sports shows. I like watching basketball games best on TV.
What kind of TV shows do your family like?
The question is: Which of the following is TRUE?
The possible answers are:
A:The writer's grandfather is in a Beijing Opera club.
B:Guo Degang is the writer's father's favorite cross talker.
C:The writer's mother likes watching all kinds of TV shows.
D:The writer likes watching soccer games best on TV.This large flat is on the top floor of a five-story modern building in a quiet part of the city. There are two schools, a restaurant and several shopping centres nearby. A bus stop is only one hundred metres away. The flat has got a large living room , a dining room,a modern kitchen, one large bedroom and two small bedrooms. There is a bedroom with a shower, a sink and a toilet. The flat has also got a small storeroom and there is a large doorway. The price of it is $245,600 without the garage . The price of the garage is $34,560.
The question is: You should pay   _   if you buy the flat with the garage.
The possible answers are:
A:$245,600
B:$ 34, 560
C:$211,040
D:$ 280,160If you go to Hong Kong by air, you will arrive at Kai Tak Airport. Because there was no enough land, it was built out into the sea. It is in the part of Hong Kong called Kowloon. Kowloon is one of the two big cities in Hong Kong.
The other city is Hong Kong itself. It is on an island. You can get there by ship or through a tunnel under the sea. Much of Hong Kong is farmland and mountains.
The population of Hong Kong is over 6 million. Most of them are Chinese. Chinese and English are spoken by many people there.
Clothes, computers, radios and TVs are made in Hong Kong. You can watch dog-racing or motor-racing. Some places are quiet and beautiful. When you are hot and tired, there are small and cool gardens to rest in. There are also a lot of tall buildings to live in. Hong Kong is also a good place for Chinese cooking. You can enjoy many kinds of Chinese cooking, for example, fish, meat and vegetables. Beijing Roast Duck is famous as well. There is certainly a lot to see and to do in Hong Kong.
In 1997, Hong Kong was returned to China. It's a part of China.
The question is: The main idea of the fourth part is that   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:dog-racing is interesting
B:Beijing duck is famous
C:Chinese food is famous
D:Hong Kong is a good place for travellingAn inventor has created his perfect girlfriend,a robot who can do the cleaning,remember his favorite drink and read the newspaper to him.
Le Trung,33,has spent 14000 dollars creating the robot.He made the robot look like a woman in her twenties with shiny hair and blue eyes.
She can speak English and Japanese and she is also good at math.She can help Mr.Trung deal with his accounts.
Mr.Trung comes from Canada.He said he has never had time to find a real girlfriend--so he designed and created a robot as his girlfriend using the latest technology.He used to be a software programmer.In order to make this robot,he has taken out his credit cards,sold his car and spent all his life saving.
Now he is trying to find a corporate sponsor to help him complete and perfect his robot.He said his robot is what happens when science meets beauty.He said."I want to make her look,feet and act as human as possible so she can be the perfect companion.I chat a lot with her and hope to improve her knowledge."
So far the robot can understand and speak 13,000 different sentences in English and Japanese,so she's already fairly intelligent.She can _ faces and says hello when any of his family comes around to visit.She helps him what to have for dinner and knows what drinks he likes.
She doesn't need holidays,food or rest,she will work almost 24 hours a day and never goes shopping.She is very patient and never complains.What a perfect woman she is !
The question is: This passage mainly tells us something about   .
The possible answers are:
A:how to make a new robot.
B:an inventor and his robot girlfriend.
C:how much you need to make a robot.
D:why the inventor made a robot as his girlfriendThe Cuckoo
In April,
Come he will.
In May,
Sing all day.
In June,
Change his tune .
In July,
Prepare to fly.
In August,
Go he must!
The question is: What does the cuckoo do in May?
The possible answers are:
A:He comes.
B:He sings all day.
C:He changes his tune.
D:He prepares to fly.Dear Annie,
Thank you for your letter. I'm glad you like your school.
I go to school from Monday to Friday. We have four classes in the morning and two classes in the afternoon. We have many things to do after class. On Monday and Wednesday afternoon we do sports. On Tuesday afternoon some of us have a singing class and on Thursday afternoon some have a drawing class. On Friday afternoon, we practice speaking English. My Chinese friends like to talk with me in English. They think I am like an English teacher. Isn't it great?
On Saturdays and Sundays I don't go to school. Very often I go to the parks and have a good time with my family there.
Yours,
Henry
The question is: What does Henry often do on Saturdays and Sundays?
The possible answers are:
A:He often stays at home with his parents.
B:He often does his homework.
C:He often practices speaking English with his friends.
D:He often goes to the parks with his parents.Teenage life is interesting, adventurous  and difficult. Teenagers have to go through many problems. It may probably be a family problem or a school problem. It is important to learn how to deal with those problems.
Be grateful  of your parents' support. When you have a problem, ask your parents to support you. When a child is thirteen, he feels like he has grown up. As a part of a family, teenagers do not want their parents to involve in their personal activities and they think they are able to be independent .
It is very normal and parents should also cooperate  with their kids. They should try to get to know what their child needs. Sometimes a child may be hesitating  to tell something but they should try to know what the matter is. Parents' support is the greatest support for a teenager.
Learn to live in society. Society plays a very important role in everyone's life. What teenagers see from society has a big influence on their characters.
As a teenager, you should know what is wrong and what is right. Never be impatient in making a decision. Always keep cool and calm , take advice from your parents and you will make a good decision. Don't let the bad things of society influence you. Instead, get to learn good things from society.
Learn from school. School is like a second home. We learn a lot from our school, and at the same time, it is the hardest part of a teenager's life.
*First are the studies. You should know what you want to do. Don't come under pressure in making choices.
*Learn to take your own stand . If you don't do well in exams, don't feel broken. Be strong-minded and spend more time on your studies.
*Share your problems with your friends. Your friends are always ready to help. If you are confused in your life, talk about what all you've done and what you want to do with your friends.
The question is: What does the passage mainly tell us?
The possible answers are:
A:How to cooperate with teenagers.
B:How to get help from parents.
C:How to face problems as a teenager.
D:How to be independent in school.Olympic torch relay   planned route
Beijing, April 27--The Beijing 2008 Olympic Torch Relay will cover the greatest area and include the largest number of people. The plans were announced on Thursday night. The planned route would last  130 days and travel 137 000 km.
First Nobel Prize winner to donate to Hope School
Chinanews, Beijing, May 10--Professor Dannel Chee Tsui, in the USA, signed the agreement to donate 350 000yuan to his home town to build a Hope Primary School in China.
Bill Gates receives Tsinghua honorary doctorate
Beijing,April 20--Bill Gates, chairman of global IT giant Microsoft, received an honorary doctorate   when he
visited China's   famous   Tsinghua   University   on Thursday.
Big Shaolin kung fu center to be built in Russia
Chinanews, Beijing, April 27--China and Russia have signed a letter of intent ( )on the building of a Shaolin kung fu center in Russia. It will be the first of its kind in Russia,and also the biggest overseas kung fu center when it is completed.
The question is: What will be built in Russia according to the news?
The possible answers are:
A:A university.
B:A sports centre.
C:A Shaolin kung fu center.
D:A Hope Primary School.Science and Technology Museum
Opening hours
Saturday-Wednesday 10:00 am-17:30 pm
Charge
Adult :Y=10      Student: Y=5      Under 12: Free
What's on
Ancient Technology - the ground floor
Modern Technology -the first floor
Space - the second floor
The Silk Road: Trade and Travel - the second floor
Shop - the third floor
Please note
The museum is closed for 3 days during Spring Festival every year.
Contact us
Information desk: 73238299
Email: information@scienceandtechnologymuseum
The question is: You can go to the Science and Technology Museum  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:at 9:00 am on Sunday
B:at 6:00pm on Monday
C:at 11:00 am on Wednesday
D:at 2:30pm on FridayHis first name is John.His last name is Brown.His phone numberis seven-four-five,six-six-zero-five.
Her first name is Susan. Her last name is Hall.Her phone number is five-zero-five,seven-one-one-seven. The girl found a baseball in the lost and Found .The boy lost a baseball.The girl calls the boy at his phone number.
The question is: The boy lost a   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:baseball
B:football
C:basketball
D:bookMr. and Mrs White have a son and two daughters.  They have a cat and a big house. In front of the house there are some trees and two cars. On weekends they go to the beach . Mr. White works from Tuesday to Friday. Mrs. White works from Tuesday to Saturday. They are teachers. Their students like them very much. There is a gym  near their house. They often go there to watch soccer games because their son's favorite sport is football. Mr. White's favorite sport is table tennis. Their daughters don't like sports. They like to see movies. Their family are very happy.
The question is: What's Mr. White's job?
The possible answers are:
A:A worker.
B:A teacher.
C:A manager.
D:A doctor.Today is Linda's mother's birthday. It is also Teachers' Day. Linda's mother is a math teacher. So today is her birthday and also her festival. Linda and her brothers buy presents   for their mother. Linda buys a good skirt for Mother. Her two brothers buy Mother a big birthday cake. Linda's father also has a present. He prepares   a ring for his _ . Linda's mother is very happy. The family love her so much. It is a great birthday for her.
The question is: Linda's mother teaches   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:English
B:Chinese
C:art
D:mathMy 10-year-old Donna said, "Mom, I made a new friend at school today. Can she come over tomorrow?" Donna was a shy girl and I wanted her to make some friends _ .
"Sure, honey, that sounds great." I said, thinking back to my own best friend, Lillian. We lived across the street from each other in Washington Heights, New York. We met at the age of 10, too. Like my daughter, I was shy, but Lillian drew me out. She was one of the friendliest people in school, with shiny black hair and a mile-wide smile.
In senior high school, Lillian went on a trip to Florida. This was the first time we had to be away from each other for a few days. "I'll be back soon." she told me. But three days later, Lillian's sister told me that she had fallen into a river and hadn't come out any more. Soon, my family moved to New Jersey. Whenever I thought of her, tears came into my eyes.
The next day Donna brought her new friend home. "Hi, Mrs. Loggia." the little girl said. Her hair was so shiny and black and she shot me a big smile. "My name is Laura."
My daughter's new friend was so much like Lillian. I was still puzzled   when Laura's mom came to pick her up later that afternoon. I opened the door to let her in. "Judy!" she cried. "It's me, Lillian's sister, from Washington Heights." Yes, my daughter's friend looked familiar  . She was Lillian's niece.
The question is: We can know from the passage that  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:Laura and Donnaare of the same age
B:The writer didn't know about Lillian's death.
C:Laura was Lillian's daughter.
D:Judy moved to New Jersey because of Lillian's deathA farmer bought an old and run-down farm. The fields were grown over with weeds, the farmhouse was falling apart, and the fences  were broken all around. The roads were hidden because of the grass that were growing madly. And there were not any animals on it. However, the farmer planed to turn it into a pleasant and loving place.
During his first day of work, the town preacher  passed by. He looked at the farmer and then the mess, saying, _ 
A few months later, the preacher stopped by again to call on the farmer. He was so surprised to see a completely different place -- the farmhouse is rebuilt and in excellent condition, there were plenty of cows, sheep, hens and other livestock eating happily in the fence which had already been well repaired, and the fields were filled with crops planted in rows. A lot of flowers and small trees were growing along the road. He even saw some ducks swimming in a small pool. "Amazing!" the preacher said. "Look what God and you have finished together!"
"Yes, " answered the farmer, "but remember what the farm was like when God was working it alone!"
The question is: Does the farmer believe in God?
The possible answers are:
A:Yes, he does
B:No, he doesn't.
C:The passage doesn't tell us.
D:Yes, he is.There was a boy and his family was very rich. One day his father took him on a trip to a place. He wanted to show his son how poor people were there. They spent several days on a farm. There were many poor families living on the farm.
On their way home, the father asked the son, "How was the trip?" "It was great, Dad," the son answered. "Did you notice how poor people were there?" asked his father. "Oh, yes," said the son. "So, tell me," said his father. The son said, "Well, we have one dog and they have four. We have a pool in our garden, while they have a river that has no end. We have expensive lanterns  , but they have stars above their heads at night. We have only a small piece of land to live on, while they have the endless fields. We buy our food, but they grow theirs. We have high walls around our houses to protect us, but they don't need walls, because their friends will protect them."
The father had nothing to say. Then the boy added, "Thank you, Dad, for letting me see how poor we are."
The question is: The father wanted to show his son   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:how people on the farm worked
B:how poor people were on the farm
C:how beautiful the farm was
D:how far it was from the city to the farmDo you know Su Bingtian? He is a Chinese runner. He was born in Zhongshan City, Guangdong Province on August 20th, 1989.
When he was a child, he liked running in the school running team. His parents supported him in practicing running and they often encouraged him to run. Though it's very hard for him to win every race, he never gives up. He tries his best to run well every day. He took part in the regular match in November, 2004 for the first time. After that, he won many first prizes in all kinds of matches.
On May 31st, 2015, in Saturday's Eugene Grand Prix, the 1.72 meters-tall runner finished third in 9.99 seconds, behind American Tyson Gay in 9.88 seconds and Mike Rodgers in 9.90 seconds. Su Bingtian becomes beats 10-second barrier as the first Asian-born.
China's Zhang Peimeng, who raced to his personal best of 10.00 seconds in 2013, is considered the closest to beating the barrier. Now Su Bingtian broke his record.
"I am so proud of my result. I can write my name into history now and I will work harder and run faster," said Su Bingtian.
Now let's congratulate to Su Bingtian! We hope Su Bingtian will have a better future and good luck to him!
The question is: Where was Su Bingtian born?
The possible answers are:
A:Beijing.
B:Shanghai.
C:Guangdong
D:Jiangsu.Bob Harris was a weatherman at a small television station. He worked for twenty years and during those twenty years, he felt that his life was boring. Every day, he studied the weather and tried to predict the next day's weather. Then, he stood in front of the camera and read his report. Some days it was cloudy, some days it was sunny; sometimes rainy, while sometimes snowy. The weather changed each day, but Bob still felt that his job was always the same. His boss often told him to be happier and smile more in front of the camera, but Bob rarely smiled. He thought that most people did not watch his weather report and his job did not matter much to anyone. One day, he arrived at work and began to study the weather as usual. He noticed that something was different that day.
Everything he studied told him that there was going to be a very big storm very soon, though he was not completely sure. Suddenly, Bob felt excited. He ran to his boss's office and asked to do a special weather report. The boss agreed and Bob gave a special report that afternoon, warning people of the coming storm. Because of this report, many people were safe during the storm.
Bob realized  that his job was actually very important.
The question is: Why did Bob rarely smile when he was in front of the camera?
The possible answers are:
A:Because he thought that his job did not matter much to anyone.
B:Because he only worked for a small televison station.
C:Because he did not like his boss.
D:Because the weather report was boring.The colour systems used by scientists and artists are completely different. An artist will mix blue and yellow paint to get a shade of green; a scientist will mix green and red light to create yellow. The printed page in a magazine is yet another system.
Scientists recognize the light primaries are red, green and blue. When mixed, red and green light rays produce yellow, blue and green produce cyan, red and blue produce magenta. Red, green and blue mix to create white (light). This colour model is used in computer monitors, television sets and theatre.
Most artists recognize red, yellow and blue as the three basic primary colours. These primaries are the pure colours which cannot be created by mixing any other colours.
In the print industry, cyan, magenta, yellow and black are used as the primary colours. When you mix all the colours, the result is gray.
The question is: Which of the following is NOT true?
The possible answers are:
A:Red, green and blue are used in television sets.
B:If scientists want to get white, they will mix red, yellow and blue.
C:Most artists think red, yellow and blue are the pure colours.
D:In the print industry, if you mix all the colours, you will get gray.You may feel curious   about students in other countries: Do they also have so much homework? What do they do in their free time?
On April 8, a report came out on the lives of high school students in China, Japan, South Korea and the US. It surveyed around 6,200 students from the four countries last year. You will find the answers to many of your questions in this report.
Who studies hardest?
Chinese students spend the most time studying. Nearly half of Chinese students spend more than two hours on their homework every day. That's much more than students of the US (26.4%), Japan (8.2%) and South Korea (5.2%).
Who sleeps most often in class?
Japanese students fall asleep in class most often. About 45% of them said they sometimes _ in class. In South Korea, it's 32%; in the US, 21%; and 5% in China.
South Korean students don't like taking notes. About 70% said they write down what the teacher says in class, much fewer than in Japan (93%), China (90%) and the US (89%).
Who is the most distracted  ?
American students are the most active in class, but also the most distracted: 64.2% said they chat with friends in class; 46.9% said they eat snacks in class; and 38.9% said they send e-mails or read unrelated   books in class.
What do they do after school?
In their free time, most Chinese students study or surf the Internet. Most American students hang out with their friends. Most Japanese students do physical exercises. Most Korean students watch TV.
The question is: _   of the Chinese students spend more than two hours on their homework.
The possible answers are:
A:26.4%
B:8.2 %
C:5.2%
D:48.6%Zhongshan, China          Beijing is a beautiful city with a long history. There are many
Travel Agency          famous buildings and mystery stories here. It's a good place to
Complaint telephone:       go sightseeing and relax. You will have fun if you join us.
400-581-278
Best of Beijing 5 Days
From Y=799
2 nights Beijing Hotel
&
2 nights Changcheng Hotel
Book online or call
400-581-467
www.zhongshantour.com   Beijing Hotel:
Close to Tian'anmen Square
Prize-winning garden
Bars&French restaurant
Swimming pool
Changcheng Hotel:
Gardens with mountain views
Restaurant & Cafe
Buses to the downtown   Departure Date     Price
Apr 8, 2013         Y=899
May 29, 2013       Y=999
Jun 30, 2013        Y=799
To book, choose your
Preferred date
Business Hours
Monday~Thursday:24 hours
Friday: 8:00 am~9:00 pm
Weekends: 8:00 am~6:00 pm
Zhongshan, China        Do you like beautiful sunshine? Do you want to see blue sea and
Travel Agency          colorful fish? Do you want to enjoy the fresh air? Do you want to
Complaint telephone:       relax yourself on the beach? Come and join us! Let's go to Hainan.
400-581-258
Best of Hainan 5 Days
From Y=1,566
2 nights Haitian Hotel
&
2 nights Blue Sea Hotel
Book online or call
400-581-620
www.zhongshantour.com   Haitian Hotel:
Close to Yalong Bay
Delicious seafood
Swimming pool
Blue Sea Hotel:
Five minutes' walk to the nearest beach
Breakfast is free
Night Club
Buses to the downtown   Departure Date     Price
Mar 6, 2013        Y=1,566
April 8, 2013       Y=1,666
May 10, 2013       Y=1,766
To book, choose your
Preferred date
Business Hours
Monday~Thursday:24 hours
Friday: 8:00 am~10:00 pm
Weekends: 8:00 am~6:00 pm
The question is: Bill would like to visit the Palace Museum, he can book  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:at 9:00 pm on Sunday
B:at 7:00 am on Saturday
C:at 10:00 pm on Monday
D:at 9:30 pm on FridayPeter is an American boy from New York. He is tall and he has a good look. He has a big nose and big blue eyes. His hair is brown. He is in a red T-shirt, white pants and blue shoes. He is very cool. He likes basketball , too. He knows NBA stars. He says ,"Yao Ming is cool!"We are good friends.
The question is: Does Peter have a small nose?
The possible answers are:
A:Yes, he does.
B:No, he does.
C:Yes, he doesn't.
D:No, he doesn't.Singapore is a beautiful and clean country. It welcomes visitors and tourists. When you come to visit Singapore, please keep the laws of this country. Here is something that you must remember.
SMOKING: Cigarette smoking is a danger to health. It's not allowed in lifts, cinemas, theatres, all government offices and on buses. If you break it, you will have to pay a fine   of up to Singapore $500.
LITTER: Singapore is the Garden City of Asia----clean and green. Dropping litter in public places is not allowed. You can be fined up to Singapore $500 for dropping litter----even if it is only a piece of waste paper or a cigarette end.
LONG HAIR: Men visitors should not have longer hair than the top of their shirt collars . Long-haired men will be served  last of all visitors in government offices.
JAYWALKING: You must always use the zebra crossing. You can be fined Singapore $50 for crossing the streets less than 50 metres from a zebra crossing, These laws are also for children who are old enough to be  in the street by themselves.
The question is: In Singapore, these laws are for   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:only visitors
B:only children
C:only men
D:all the citizens, including visitorsAlice: Good afternoon, Helen!
Helen: Good afternoon, Alice! How are you?
Alice: I'm fine, thanks. How are you?
Helen: I'm OK.
Alice: Helen, what' s this in English?
Helen: It's a cup. And it's my cup.
Alice: Oh, it' s red. I like the color. Is that a pencil?
Helen: No, it' s a pen and it' s brown.
Alice: Is it your pen?
Helen: No, it s Bill's. My pen is green.
The question is: The cup is   _
The possible answers are:
A:Alice' s
B:Bill' s
C:Gina' s
D:Helen' sThe round trip will cost at least $4.800 in all. Some more fees may also need to be spent. I hope you will have a good trip.
DAY 1
Leave the USA for China. Your flight will include meals. drinks. and in-flight entertainment for your journey.
DAY 2
Arrive and check in at your hotel: Beijing Hotel. You will only need to payY=560 (70% "discounts off) per night for a single room.
DAY 3
In the morning we will go by subway to the Olympic Green and see the Bird's Nest.  In the afternoon. we will visit the Water Cube.
DAY 4
Enjoy a full-day tour to the Forbidden City. the Temple of Heaven and the Confucius Temple. We will begin at Tiananmen Square and then walk to the Forbidden City. In the afternoon. we will visit the Temple of Heaven and the Confucius Temple:
DAY 5
We will visit Beijing Zoo and the Summer Palace. First stop: Beijing Zoo. You have a chance to see China's most cherished  native animal. panda. After lunch. we will take the bus to the Summer Palace.
DAY 6
We will go to the Great Wall and the Ming Tombs.
DAY 7
Take off from Beijing Capital International Airport.
The question is: How much money will they spend?
The possible answers are:
A:$4. 800.
B:NearlyS4. 800.
C:Less than $4.800.
D:More than $4.800.Have you ever been ill? When you are ill,you must be unhappy because your body becomes hot,and there are pains all over your body. You don't want to work,you stay in bed,feeling very sad.
What makes us ill? It is germs . Germs are everywhere. They are very small and you can't find them with your eyes,but you can see them with a microscope. They are very small and there could be hundreds of them on a very small thing.
Germs are always found in dirty water. When we look at dirty water under the microscope,we shall see them in it. So your father and mother will not let you drink dirty water.
Germs aren't found only in water. They are found in air and dust. If you cut your finger,if some of the dust from the floor goes into the cut ,some of the germs would go into your finger. Your finger would become big and red,and you will have much pain in it. Sometimes the germs would go into all of your body,and you would have pain everywhere.
The question is: Which of the following is TRUE?
The possible answers are:
A:If things are very small,they are germs.
B:If things can't be seen,they must be germs.
C:Germs are only in dirty water.
D:Germs are everywhere around us.When you feel sad, tears will come down from your eyes. When you are happy, especially when you laugh hard, tears will also come down from your eyes. But tears have a more important job than showing your feelings.
Tears keep your eyes clean and healthy. They wash away dirt and germs  just like bath. Your eyes also need tears to keep them wet. And eyes must be wet so that they can move smoothly. Your eyes are busy looking here and there all day long. They move quickly from one thing to another. If you didn't have tears, your eyes couldn't move, and soon you would be blind.
Maybe you don't like tears, but your eyes can't do without them.
The question is: The sentence "your eyes can't do without them" means    _   .
The possible answers are:
A:your eyes like having baths very much
B:your eyes like tears very much
C:your eyes can't work without tears
D:your eyes can't open without themFrank is my friend. His family is rich. His parents always give him lots of pocket money. But Frank thinks his parents work very hard and it's not easy for them, so he always tries his best to save money. He has some good ways to do it.
Frank likes reading. He has lots of books. He tells me he often buys books online, because they're cheaper. And when he has free time, he often goes to bookstores or libraries to do some reading.
Frank has a bike. He usually goes to school by bike instead of taking a bus. Sometimes when it rains or snows, he walks. These two ways help Frank keep healthy and save some money.
Frank brings a bottle of water to school every day. When other students drink juice, he enjoys his water. He thinks water is the cheapest but the best drink.
Some students think Frank is mean. But I don't think so. I think he is right. What do you think of him?
The question is: What does Frank bring to school every day?
The possible answers are:
A:Water.
B:Juice.
C:Cola.
D:Orange.Dolphins are our friends. They can use tools to solve problems although they don't have hands.   For example, scientists have ever found that a dolphin can make a shy eel  come out of its hole with a dead fish.
Dolphins use different sounds to exchange information with each other. Scientists in Hawaii have developed a sign language to give instructions to dolphins, and the results are amazing. They find that dolphins not only understand the meaning of individual   words, but also understand the importance of word order in a sentence.
Most animals enjoy playing -- but dolphins seem to like making their games as challenging as possible. On a beautiful day in 1997, scientists at a beach watched a little dog going into the sea and swimming towards the dolphins. To their surprise, the dolphins came up to the dog and then started throwing it into the air. The dog seemed to enjoy the "game" and continued playing with the dolphins for more than an hour.
Dolphins live in a very different world from ours, but they are very good at our "IQ tests" . For example, they will jump out of the water when they hear a whistle   noise. They do this because they will get a fish as a prize.
There is still much to learn about these cute problem-solvers, but it is certain that watching a dolphin show is fun.
,. (5)
The question is: Why do the dolphins jump out of the water when they hear a whistle noise?
The possible answers are:
A:Because they want to get a fish as a prize.
B:Because they enjoy playing on the water.
C:Because they want to play with other dolphins.
D:Because the dolphin keepers want them to come out.It is Jim's birthday today. He is five years old. He gets many nice birthday presents from his family and one of them is a big drum .
"Who gives him the drum?" his father asks.
"His grandfather does." answers Jim's mother.
Jim likes his drum very much. He makes a noise with it, but his mother doesn't say anything about it. His father is not at home. He is working in a school. So he doesn't hear the noise.
But one of the neighbors doesn't like the noise at all. So one morning she takes a knife and goes into Jim's room. Jim is making a noise with the drum. She says to him, "Hello, Jim. Do you know there is something very nice in your drum? Here's a knife. Open the drum and let's find it."
The question is: The neighbor tells Jim  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:to put the drum away
B:to look alter the drum
C:to open the drum with the knife
D:to make a noise with the dramAlicia Keys was born in 1981 and grew up in New York. She had music and dance classes when she was a child and she first appeared on TV in the Cosby Show at the age of four. She started piano lessons when she was seven and learned classical music before she began to write her own songs at the age of 14.
Alicia signed a contract with J Records in 1999. She recorded several songs for films before her first album, Songs in Minor, came out in 2001. This was a fantastic success. It entered the charts at number one, sold 236,000 copies in its first week, and went on to sell over 12 million copies worldwide. Alicia won five big awards, including
 _ ', the album's top single, which was a number one hit for six weeks.
Since then, Alicia has sold over 30 million albums. She has also become an actress and a record producer with her own studio. She plays the piano as well as singing on all her albums and she has written some great songs for other artists. She has performed in TV programmes and she made her first film, Smokin' Aces, in 2007. Her other
films include The Nanny Diaries (2007) and The Secret Life of Bees (2008),'
The question is: What has Alicia done since 2001?
The possible answers are:
A:She has opened her own studio.
B:She has started playing the piano.
C:She has recorded all her songs herself.
D:She made her first film The Nanny Diaries.Interested in soccer?
Join us now!
King's School is organizing a soccer camp for children aged 12-15. Join us for 5 days of fun when you learn to play this exciting sport!
When
13-17 January, 2014 (Monday to Friday)
3:00 p.m --5:00 p.m
Where
City Sports Hall
267 State Street
Cost  
$ 10 each
Our special service:
Players from the National Soccer Team will be your coaches   for the 5 days of camp!
After the camp, you will be able to:
* understand the rules of the game
* carry the ball with your feet
* pass the ball to other players using your feet
* kick  the ball towards the goal 
Please come in comfortable clothes and sports shoes.
For more information, please call us at 01159515092, or e-mail us at kssoccercamp@hotmail.com.uk.
The question is: Children at the camp can't learn to   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:carry the ball with feet
B:kick the ball to the goal
C:pass the ball using feet
D:make the game rulesThis story is about a young man.He worked very hard at his lessons.He was too busy to have a rest.At last, he became ill, so he couldn't go to sleep.Every night, when he went to bed, he closed his eyes and tried to sleep.But the more he tried, the more he stayed awake.
After a while he decided to visit the doctor."I just can't go to sleep at night.What should I do?"
"I have a suggestion," said the doctor."Try counting numbers.By the time you reach one thousand, you'll be asleep.I'm sure of it."
The next day the man returned to the doctor's office."Well," said the doctor, "how are you today? Did you try my suggestion?"
The man still looked tired."Yes," he said, "I tried counting one, two, three...up to one thousand.But when I reached five hundred and sixty-nine, I began to feel sleepy.I had to get up and drink some tea so that I could go on counting up to one thousand.But then I still couldn't fall asleep."
The question is: The young man couldn't go to sleep because  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:he hadn't finished doing his lessons
B:he had worked too hard and became ill
C:he was worried about his homework
D:there was a lot of noise there and he couldn't have a good restJan was a window cleaner. One morning, Jan was in a lift of a high building with his window cleaning tools when the building was on fire.
There were five other passengers in the lift. All of a sudden the lift stopped. Although they didn't know what had happened outside, they had only 100 minutes to get out of the building before it would fall into the dust.
Soon smoke began coming into the lift. The men knew that something was wrong. They tried to open the door but found a wall in front of them. The wall had the number 15 on it and they knew they were on the 15th floor. But their lift usually didn't stop there, so there was no opening for them to escape. Jan decided they would have to make their own.
Knowing that the wall was made of a material that could be cut through, Jan took out his window cleaning tools, and began knocking a hole through the wall. When he felt tired, others helped.
Starting with one small hole, they cut through the three-inch-thick wall. Then they kicked hard at the wall. The wall cracked apart. They saw before them a tile   wall! Refusing to give up, they knocked a hole through the tile, then made the opening big enough to get through. Surprisingly, the fire-fighters were outside the hole, they took Jan and his partners to the nearest stairs and they ran down the stairs as quickly as possible. By 10:23, Jan and the others ran out of the building. Five minutes later, the building burned down.
The question is: did they do when they saw a tile wall?
The possible answers are:
A:They were disappointed and gave up.
B:They had to wait for the fire-fighters.
C:They don't know what to do.
D:They went on knocking through the wall."Memorize   these words." "Learn this spelling rule." "Don't forget about the exam tomorrow." You remember things every day, but how do you do it?
When you want to call a store or an office that you don't call often, you look in the telephone book for the number. You _ the number, and then you forget it! You use your short-term   memory to remember the number. Your short-term memory lasts about half a minute. However, you don't need to look in the telephone book for your best friend's number because you already know it. This information is in your long-term memory. Your long-term memory has everything that you remember through the years. The major reason for forgetting something is because you do not learn it well at the beginning. For example, you meet some new people, and right away you forget their names. You hear the names but you do not learn them, so you forget them.
The question is: You remember things every day, but you also forget things easily because you use   _   remember them.
The possible answers are:
A:your long-term memory
B:your short-term memory
C:the telephone book
D:your notebookWe Love Gadgets 
If you love the latest gadgets or you want to be the next James Bond, come to Gadgets in the Garden Shopping Mall.
Gadgets is a cool new shop. It sells all the latest gadgets and toys from MP3 players and cameras phones to toy robots. It's a great place to go to check out the latest things.
Jon Lee and his best friend Tom Green own Gadgets. They love gadgets and toys very much. They are already running a successful Internet shop but want to give their customers a chance to play with all the latest gadgets before they buy.
Jon says, "Tom and I are always buying the latest gadgets. We love new ideas and we know that our customers love them too." They both think their new shop will be a big success and we think so too!
Gadgets opens at 9 0'clock on Wednesday August 1st, 2012. John and Tom are planning a fantastic opening. Don't miss it.
The question is: What doesn't the cool new shop sell?
The possible answers are:
A:Toy robots.
B:MP3 players.
C:Camera phones.
D:ties.Snowflakes! You can catch them on your tongue   or use them to make a perfect snowball. But have you ever thought about taking pictures of them? Ken Libbrecht did. He is a physics professor from California. Although the weather in California is usually warm and sunny, Ken's hobby is taking pictures of snowflakes. He travels to cold areas like Alaska and Canada to find snowstorms and take pictures of the snowflakes. "They are often beautiful, and every snowfall brings new surprises," says Ken.
Ken takes pictures of snowflakes with a high-quality digital camera. He uses a microscope   to make the tiny snowflakes larger. To get the best images, Ken built a special photo-microscope just for snowflakes. He collects flakes by letting them fall onto a piece of foam board  .
The pictures must be taken outdoors, so Ken wears lots of clothes to stay warm. But his fingers often get cold, because it's difficult for him to take pictures of a tiny snowflake with gloves.
Each snowflake has shapes and patterns   that make it as unique   as a person's fingerprint. The hobby of snowflake photography is also unique. Next time a snowstorm blows through your town, take a closer look at the flakes before you gather them into a snowball. See if you can notice their unique patterns. Millions of snowflakes are waiting for you!
,.
The question is: What does the passage mainly tell us?
The possible answers are:
A:What we can do with snowflakes.
B:Some beautiful pictures of snowflakes.
C:Ken Libbrecht's snowflake photography.
D:The unique patterns of snowflakes.News 1
Liu Xiang won China's first gold medal in the world championships   in 12.95 seconds.
"Everybody wants to win a world title. I was nervous before the race. But I dealt with it so I'm very happy," Liu said with a smile after the race.
Some reporters noticed that at the start, Liu Xiang was crying. He said that is his way of letting off pressure. "My start wasn't good, maybe because I was nervous or because I was a bit slow," he said.
Liu will run next at the Shanghai Grand Prix   meeting at the end of September. He is confident   after winning the gold medal. "I want people to know how fast I am," he said. "This is number one speed. There's nothing I can't do."
News 2
Have you ever got angry at books that are full of mistakes? Don't worry, things will get better soon. Last week, China started checking textbooks, dictionaries and children's books all over the country. The government said the results of the check would come out at the end of June.
News 3
Last Wednesday Medvedev   took over from Vladimir Putin  . At the age of 42, he becomes the youngest president of modern Russia.
Medvedev was born to a family of teachers. He read a lot from a young age. After university, the soft-spoken young man went on to teach law at university and became very popular with his students.
In 2005, Medvedev became the first deputy prime minister  . But he was as friendly as before. "He has not changed. He invited me to his home," said Vera Smirnova, Medvedev's first teacher. "In Russia, only two politicians   have invited their first teachers to their homes, Medvedev and Putin."
The question is: Why was Liu Xiang crying at the start?
The possible answers are:
A:He wanted to reduce pressure.
B:He was happy.
C:He was a bit slow.
D:He felt excited.Everyone has two personalities -- one is showed to the world and the other is secret and real. You don't show your secret personality when you're awake because you can control  yourself, but when you're asleep, your sleeping _ shows the real you. And the important position that best shows your secret personality is when you go to sleep.
If you go to sleep on your back, you're a very open person. You usually believe people and you are easily influenced  by new ideas. You don't like to make people unhappy, so you never show your real feelings. You're quite shy and you aren't very confident .
If you sleep on your stomach, you are a person who likes to keep secrets. You worry a lot and you're always easy to be sad. You never want to change your ideas, and you are pleased with your life. You usually live for today not for tomorrow.
If you sleep on curled up ,you are probably a very nervous person. You have a low opinion of yourself and often don't want to be hurt, so you are very defensive . You're shy and you don't like meeting people. You like to be alone.
If you sleep on your side, you usually have a well-balanced personality. You know your strengths and weaknesses. You're usually careful. You have a confident personality. You sometimes feel worried, but you don't often get unhappy. You always say out what you think, even if it sometimes makes people angry.
The question is: What does the passage tell us?
The possible answers are:
A:Sleeping on your side is the best way of sleeping.
B:We have sleeping problems because of sleeping positions.
C:Sleeping positions show people's secret personalities.
D:A well-balanced personality is very important.Hello, everyone! My name is Bob. I have a good friend. His name is Bill. He is a dog. I like him very much.
Every morning Bill runs with me, and we play in the park every afternoon. Bill is very fat . He likes eating beef hamburgers for breakfast. For dinner, he likes fish. Bill likes red. He has two red hats. Look! They are on my bed.
But Bill is lost   now. Please help me. My telephone number is 3123216. Many thanks!
The question is: Bob writes the passage to   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:thank Bill
B:introduce  Bill
C:asks for   help
D:show   his loveBeijing, Shanghai, Guangzhou and other big cities are great places to live in. There are many interesting things to see and do. You can go to different kinds of museums, see all kinds of plays and films. You can also buy things from all over the world.
But there are serious problems in big cities, too. It's expensive to live there, and there are too many people in some places of big cities. Every student can study at good schools and receive good medical care . But sometimes these people can't find work or good places to live in. Also it is hard to keep the cities safe and clean.
Some people enjoy living in big cities, others do not. Before they move to a big city, they should think about the problems living there.
The question is: -- Which is the best title for this passage?   --   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:It is cheap to live in big cities.
B:Advantages   and disadvantages in big cities.
C:Good schools in big cities
D:Beijing, Shanghai, Guangzhou.At midnight at New Year's Eve people in Rome and Italy throw (  ) all the things they no longer want .The streets are filled with old chairs ,beds ,clothes and dishes .... In Madrid, Spain, new year comes in more quietly (  ) . People go to the main square, each holding a bag of grapes .As the clock strikes (  ) twelve ,the people eat grapes .
In Tokyo people eat noodles at New Year's Eve. This food is said to bring long life. Early the next morning , some Japanese families climb Mount Fuji. There they watch the first sunrise (  ) of the new year.
In China , New Year's food include (  ) a whole fish and a chicken . The chicken must be presented (  ) with a head ,a tail and two feet to symbolize (  ) completeness ( ) .
The question is: The people who hope to have long life from their New Year's food  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:are Spanish
B:are Japanese
C:are Chinese
D:are ItaliansPassage 1 A teacher who saved His Students
An Australia teacher Dane came to Chengdu four years ago. He was giving an English class in Guangya School, in Dujiangran, when the ground began to shake(  )at 2:28 pm. On May 12. "Desk !Desk!"he shouted to his students. After all the children hid(  ) under the desks safely, he joined them.
Passage 2 International Aid(  )
A Japanese team of medical workers landed in Chengdu on the early morning of May 16 . It was the first team to arrive from abroad(  ).They set off for GuanZhong Town ,in Qingchuan County(  ).Two villages were lost in the town, and about 700 people were in danger. Without stopping to rest , they walked many miles to search for the survivors. Soon a team from Singapore and a second team from Japan arrived, followed by two other teams from Korea and Russia.
The question is: When did a Japanese team of medical workers land in Chengdu?(  )
The possible answers are:
A:On the early morning of May 16.
B:On the early morning of June 16.
C:On the early afternoon of May 16
D:On Sunday morning.Some advice on Travel
1. Forget fashion  ! Always wear your most comfortable clothes when going on long journeys.
2. Travelling on trains and buses can be boring, so take a good book to read.
3. If you're going somewhere cold, remember to put on your warm clothes!
4. If you are going somewhere sunny, remember to bring your sun-block   and sunglasses.
5. Always take a camera with you to _ those special moments.
6. Be careful with your things whenever you go to a busy place, like a train station. There are many thieves there!
7. Most countries have lower prices for students, so if you are a student, take your student card with you.
8. Always leave a room in your bag and buy presents on the way home.
9. Bus tours often stop at expensive shops along the way, save your money by buying presents at local shops.
10. If you travel abroad  , remember to take your passport. Whatever you do, don't lose it!
,.
The question is: You must always  _  while you are at busy places because there are often thieves there.
The possible answers are:
A:get your thinks ready
B:give your things away
C:look after your things well
D:put your things awayOur new foreign students are going to arrive very soon, and here are some ways to communicate with them politely.
How close do you stand when you talk to a friend? You can stand close to people in the Middle East but don't stand too close to North Americans! Give them more personal space.
Do you know How to _ people correctly? Chinese girls often walk arm in arm with their friends. South Americans sometimes hold your arm when they talk to you, so you can't move away! But in Britain many people don't like other people to touch them at all.
Do you look at people when you talk? In some places, it isn't polite to look at people when you talk, but in other countries it isn't polite to look somewhere else. In Britain and the US, people usually look at each other when they talk.
And how do you say goodbye? That's easy, wave  to say goodbye. But be careful! In Greece, it's not at all polite! In fact, it's very rude!
The question is: We can't wave to say goodbye in  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:America
B:Japan
C:Britain
D:GreeceAt present, too much carbon dioxide  makes the earth warmer and warmer and causes terrible effect to human beings. To save our planet, to save ourselves, a new lifestyle called low-carbon life  becomes popular. Low carbon means low energy and no waste. It is necessary for everybody to learn to live a low-carbon life.
To live a low-carbon life, we'd better save energy as possible. Turn off the lights and TV whenever they are not needed. If possible, use cold water to wash clothes or dishes. Take a short shower and try to take a cold one when the weather gets warm. Don't do the cooking with electricity.
To live a low-carbon life, we should eat less meat. Everybody knows eating too much meat makes people fat and easy to have heart disease, but maybe you don't know keeping animals for food produces even more carbon dioxide than all the cars in the world, and being a vegetarian can help reduce one and a half tons of carbon dioxide a year. Maybe _ is a little difficult, but it's really necessary.
To live a low-carbon life, we are supposed to do less shopping. When we go shopping, we may drive a car or take other transportations. On the one hand, these machines pollute the air and waste energy. On the other hand, most of us always buy some useless things because of some advertisements. It is not only a waste of money but also causes trouble to the earth, because as you know, making everything will produce carbon dioxide more or less.
There are many other ways to live low-carbon life, such as recycling things, planting trees and reusing textbooks. If we can keep it a habit in our daily life, the earth will become a safer planet for us to live on.
,.
The question is: _   makes the weather on the earth get warmer.
The possible answers are:
A:Little rubbish
B:A waste of money
C:Too much carbon dioxide
D:A waste of waterA man went out with the wrong boots, one with a thick sole and the other with a thin one. As he began to walk, he felt uncomfortable, for one foot was higher than the other. He felt very strange and said, " Is there anything wrong with my legs today? Why is one of my legs long, and the other short? "
A _ told him that he was wearing the wrong boots. He look down and found that it was really so. At once he asked his servant  to go back home and get another pair.
After a while the servant ran back to him. There was nothing in his hand. So he was angry and shouted at him, "Why didn't you get me the right boots?" "There's no need to change them," the servant said. "The pair at home is the same, one with a thick sole and the other with a thin one."
The question is: What did the servant get him back?
The possible answers are:
A:He got the right boots quickly.
B:He got nothing when he came back
C:He got the same boots back.
D:He got the different boots back. :Difference
John and Bobby joined a company at the same time . They both worked very hard . After several years , Bobby became the manager , but John thought it was unfair , so he gave his resignation  to the boss .
When the boss found out the reason why John wanted to leave , he said , "I hope you will do one more thing for our company before you leave . "
John agreed . The boss asked him to find out if anyone was selling watermelons at the market . John went and soon returned . He said he had found a man selling watermelons . The boss asked him how much they were . John shook his head  and went back to the market . When he returned , he told the boss they were $ 1.2 per kg .
Then the boss asked Bobby to find a watermelon seller at the market . Bobby went , returned and said , "Only one person is selling watermelons . $ 1.2 per kg , 340 melons in all , and each melon weighs about 2 kg . They are fresh . "
John realized  the difference between himself and Bobby . He decided not to leave but to learn from Bobby.
The question is: Which of the following is TRUE ?
The possible answers are:
A:Bobby thought it was unfair for John to give up his work .
B:Both John and Bobby worked very hard .
C:Bobby became the manager because the boss liked him .
D:John left the company at last .Hong Kong Harbour Cruise By Night
Enjoy your wonderful dinner on the ferry and see the fantastic city lights.
Time: 7:00 pm~10:00 pm daily
Price: With dinner         Without dinner
Adult: HK$300           HK$120
Child under 12: HK$ 210   HK$ 84
Start/ Stop: Kowloon Public Pier (Near Star Ferry Pier)
Ticket Office:Star Company (123 Canton Road)
The question is: If you are eleven years old and you don't have dinner during the cruise, how much will you pay?
The possible answers are:
A:HK$300
B:HK$120
C:HK$84
D:HK$45Joanne "Jo" Rowling was born on 31 July 1965, pen name, is a British novelist, best known as the writer of the Harry Potter books. The Harry Potter books are world famous. People bought more than 400 million copies. They have become the best-selling book series in history.Rowling finished the first novel, Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone in 1997. Later Jo published 6 more -- the last, Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows in 2007.
Jo is said to be the twelfth richest woman in the UK. In October 2010, Jo was named the "Most Influential  Woman in Britain.
The question is: J. K. Rowling is   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:Harry Potter
B:Most Influential man in Britain
C:the actress of Harry Potter
D:The writer of Harry PotterRunning a marathon  
Have you ever taken part in a marathon? A marathon is 42km long. It is the longest race in the world. To make the runner's body work, harder training is quite necessary. A runner should start to prepare for a marathon at least three months before. Preparation may have races, many hours of running at different speeds and changes in diet . During the training time the runner must eat a fit diet.  The diet should have lots of things needed in training the players.
In the early days of training, runners run 80km per week. The running is increased every two or three weeks and at least two long runs per week are needed.
Two weeks before the marathon, the training programme becomes less, from 100km per week down to 60km and then to 30km in the final week. On the last two days they may not run at all.
Breakfast should be eaten at least three hours before the race.  Easily digested  food such as cereal , toast  and scrambled  egg is best,  with as much fluid  as possible.  Runners should drink water about half an hour before the race to keep up the body fluid.
The question is: Hard training before a marathon can   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:make the game easier
B:keep the players healthy
C:help the players to make more progress
D:have more fansMany students ask for advice about improving their English. There are three basic questions.
The first question is about real English. Li Hao from Hubei wrote, "I enjoy watching English films and listening to real English songs. But it takes a long time. What do you think?"
This is a great way to learn English! Talk about the film or song with your friends, and guess the meaning of the new words. Just enjoy yourself!
The second question is about speaking. Sam, from Suzhou wrote. "Our school has a foreign teacher. But I'm shy and can't speak to her. What should I do?"
When I visit China, lots of people in the street say, "Hello! How are you? Where are you from? Do you like China?" These are good questions to start a talk. Many people are shy when they speak English, so before you begin, take a deep breath and smile! Smiling always helps.
The third question is about vocabulary. Oliver, from Anhui wrote, "I want to remember all the new words. I write them down, but I forget them quickly. What should I do?"
Try to remember eight or ten words a day. Write them on pieces of paper and place them in your bedroom. Say the words when you see them, and change them every day. And when you're  shopping, how about counting the English words, or saying the English names for everything you see?
The question is: What's the best title of this passage?
The possible answers are:
A:How to learn English
B:Talking about English films
C:Advice about English writing
D:The way of beginning an English talkIf you go into the forest with your friends, stay with them. If you don't, you may get lost. What should you do if you really get lost? You should sit down and stay where you are. You mustn't try to find your friends. Let them find you. If you want your friends to find you, you need to stay in one place. You can also shout three times. Then stop. Then shout three times again. Keep up shouting. Always three times together. When people hear you, they will know you need help and where you are.
If you don't think that you can get help before night comes, you should make a little house with some small trees or branches  or something else. And make yourself a bed with leaves or grass. When you need some water and you have to leave your little house to look for it, don't just walk away. Leave small branches or something else on the way and then you can find your way back easily.
The question is: What's the best title for the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:Travel in the forest.
B:Spend a night in the forest.
C:What to do when get lost in the forest
D:What to do if we want to get some water.Mr. and Mrs. Wilson lived in a big city. They liked traveling. One summer they went to the countryside for their holiday. They enjoyed it very much, because it was a quiet and clean place.
One day they went out for a walk early in the morning and saw an old man. He lived on the farm, and he was sitting alone in the warm sun in front of the house. Mr. Wilson asked him, "Do you like living in the quiet place?"
The old man said, "Yes, I do."
Mr. Wilson asked, "What are the good things about it?"
The old man answered. "Well, everybody knows everybody. People often come and see me, and I often go and see them. And there're lots of children here."
Mr. Wilson said, "That's interesting. And what are the bad things?"
The old man thought for a minute and said, "Well, the same things."
The question is: Where did Mr. and Mrs. Wilson live?   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:In a big city.
B:In the countryside.
C:On the farm.
D:In town.Bill, Frank and Dave were three brothers. Every year they sent their mother expensive gifts on her birthday,. They liked to show her how rich they were.
The eldest brother. Bill, had a lot of money and he wanted his mother to have the most expensive gifts, but he didn't know what to buy. So he put an ad in the newspaper. "Wanted-the greatest gift for my mother."
About a week before his mother's birthday a man came to his office. He brought a big bird.
"This bird." the man said, "can speak ten languages and sing some pop songs."
"Really?  I'd like to listen to it," Bill said.
The man made the bird talk in French and tell a joke in Japanese. Then the bird sang a beautiful song. Bill was very happy and paid nine thousand dollars for the bird. The next day Bill sent the bird to his mother with a birthday card.
The day after his mother's birthday he called his mother. "Well, mother" he asked, "What do you think of the bird?"
"Oh, it's very delicious, dear." said his mother.
The question is: How many languages could the bird speak?
The possible answers are:
A:Five
B:Seven
C:Fight
D:TenMore than 200 activities have been held so far during the Chinese Language Year in Russia. It has not only made Chinese culture popular in Russia, but also improved understanding and friendship between Russians and Chinese people. More and more Russians begin to enjoy Chinese food and operas, watch TV programs to leam Chinese, and travel in China.
Since the Chinese Language Year program in Russia started, so many events such as movie weeks, operas, Chinese language classes, language contests and teaching programs have been popular in Russia.
Through the activities, Russian people have had a chance to leam more about the Chinese culture, literature, history and its life today. For example, the first group of 500 Russian students visited the Chinese cities of Beijing, Dalian and Qingdao. There they painted both countries' landmarks, including the Tian' anmen Square, the Great Wall, the Kremb ,the Volga River and the Red Square. When the Russian students returned, they took part in a photo contest and a writing contest to show their love for China.
And Russians, especially young people, have become more and more interested in learning Chinese. To date, more than 130 universities in Russia are offering Chinese courses. More than 20 middle and primary schools have also taught Chinese as their first foreign language.
The question is: Where did the Chinese Language Year program start?
The possible answers are:
A:In China.
B:ln Russia.
C:In America.
D:In Japan.(1)Shirley Temple, the once-famous child movie star, died at the age of 85 on February 10, 2014. She was born on April 23, 1928. She was good at acting and dancing. In 1934, she starred  in the movie Bright Eyes. From then on she became famous around the world. Later she starred in other movies and won a Juvenile Oscar in February, 1935.
For many Americans born in the 1930s and 1940s, Temple was not just an on-screen star but also a close friend in their childhood. She was remembered by the world as the forever "little angle". An American movie star said, "Little Shirley Temple encouraged the whole country during the Great Depression ."
(2)Shi Li and Cui Jiping are husband and wife. They are disabled. They complete the first Chinese encyclopedic dictionary for deaf people and people with hearing problems.
The dictionary includes words on medicine, education, psychology, law, history and culture about deaf people's life. This book provides a learning tool for this special group of people and it helps them know about the world more easily.
They spent six years and over 1,000,000 yuan on the book. They first collected material for the book by themselves, then they invited a lot of experts  across the country to write.
The book is warmly welcomed by the deaf. One of the readers said, "The book shows that we're not alone. We can have our own way to communicate with the world. "
The question is: From the passage we know that Temple  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:was not good at dancing
B:began to star in her first movie when she was ten years old.
C:was unfriendly to her fan
D:encouraged the whole country during the Great DepressionDo you have a lucky number? What is it? Many people have a special number that they hope will bring them good luck.
In Chinese culture, some numbers are believed to be lucky or unlucky based on the Chinese word that the number sounds similar to.
For example, the word for the number 8 sounds similar to the word for "making a fortune ". So, people consider it a very lucky number. Some people will even spend a lot of money to have 8s in their phone numbers or vehicle license plate   numbers. The opening ceremony of the Beijing Olympics began at 8:08 p.m. on August 8, 2008.
The number 9 is also a lucky number because of its connection to the emperors of China. There were nine dragons on emperors' robes   and Chinese myth held that the dragon has nine children. The number 9 also stands for "long lasting". That's why a man always proposes to(---)a woman with 99 or 999 roses.
So what's a "bad luck" number in China? It might be 4. Many Chinese people see 4 as a "bad luck" number because it sounds similar to the character for "death".
Because of this, many buildings skip  the fourth floor, and simply call it the fifth floor. In Hong Kong, some buildings even skip all floors numbered with 4, such as, 4, 14, 24, 34 and all 40-49 floors. Some buildings also skip the 13th floor, as this is considered an unlucky number in many Christian countries. As a result, a building whose highest floor is 50 may have only 35 physical floors.
The question is: What makes Chinese people believe a number is lucky or unlucky?
The possible answers are:
A:the shape of the number
B:the sound of the number in Chinese
C:the history of the numbers
D:the sound of the number in EnglishSome children wish to be writers when they grow up. They mean that they want to write stories or books. They would be happy if many people read their stories or books some day. But I would like to tell these children that they will need to be good readers and read a lot before they become good writers. Nearly all great writers listened to others tell stories long before they started school. They also kept on reading for hours and hours for years. Even when they have become writers, they spend much of their time reading books instead of watching TV in the evening.
If you are a good reader, it won't take you long to do the reading homework your teacher ask you to do. Then you will have time to read other books for fun. You read so well that you always want to look for more books to read.
If you want to be a writer, reading is very important. When you decide to become a writer, you had better tell yourself, "I must read more and more if I really want to become a good writer."
The question is: From this passage, we can know that   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:children like reading
B:reading helps to make one a good writer
C:good readers are good writers
D:it's good to be a good writer.Miss Li is my English teacher. She is from Shanghai. She has one English class every day. Oh, no! She has two English classes on Tuesday.
Miss Li has two daughters. One is in our class, Class Two. Sally likes sports. She plays soccer every day. Her favorite soccer player is Ronaldo from Brazil  . Sally's twin   sister Susan is in Class One. She doesn't like any subjects. She doesn't like to do her homework. She only likes playing with her friend, Jeff. Jeff is a white cat.
The question is: Miss Li has   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:two English classes on Monday
B:two daughters
C:a soccer ball
D:one English class on TuesdayIf you have failed in the past to try to make big changes in life, try again now, one tiny step at a time.
Every year it's the same. As December comes to an end, you think about the new year and all the ways you want to improve your life. But as you start to write down your hopes for the new year, you think about the last year. You excitedly write down all the changes you are going to make, but by the end of January those ideas get lost in your busy life.
Here's a suggestion: Forget the too big, hard-to-achieve goals and just think about the small ones. "We often think that we have to do everything in big steps, even though it's so hard for us to reach it." said Robert Maurer, who recently wrote the book One Small Step Can Change Your Life. "What we try to do is to begin with such a small step that we can't find any excuse not to do it."
"Kaizen", a Japanese word, is used to mean to change behavior and attitudes  . During World War II, American factory managers were able to _ by trying small, continuous improvements instead of sudden changes. After the war, the idea was brought to a rebuilding   Japan. It made Japan develop fast. The Japanese called it "kaizen", which means "improvement".
Maurer studied the idea and did some experiments with it. "Kaizen" could possibly help people succeed in doing everything.
The question is: Which of the following is TRUE according to the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:You can't find any excuse not to reach a big goal.
B:You can achieve your goals if you are not too busy.
C:"Kaizen" was brought to Japan during World WarII.
D:Robert Maurer studied "kaizen" and found it helpful.Hi! I'm Alan.This is my dream house .It has a small but nice room.Some pictures are on the wall.There is  a bookcase in my room.There is a desk and a chair in it.My schoolbag is on the desk.Oh!Where is my pencil case?It is under the chair.There are some pencils and a ruler in the pencil case.My shoes and a basketball are under the bed.I like my dream house very much.
The question is: Alan's    _  are under the bed.
The possible answers are:
A:basketball
B:baseball
C:socks
D:shoesIn a cold winter, a couple had to move out of their big house because fo bankruptcy .  The husband worked day and night but with no care of his wife. SO she thought, " He doesn't love me any more , he just thinks about his work."
One day, she wanted to take a shower , but her husband stopped her at the door. "Let me take it first, Ok?" "Why not let me take it first?" she asked. "I'm tired, dear. You take it later, OK?" She was very sad.
On a rainy day, she found nothing to do and turned on his computer. After a few minutes, her eyes were full of tears....It was his diary:
Today I was quite sad. She asked me why I was always taking the shower first, and I said I was tired. She was unhappy. I wasn't as rich as before! We moved to the small house and it was very cold. I found that if one person took the shower first, the bathroom could get a little warmer. So I always rushed to the bathroom first. When she took the shower, the bathroom could get warmer, at least 1degC. i can't give her more, but at least I can give her  1degC love.
The question is: The man wanted to take the shower first because  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:she was tired and wanted to sleep earlier.
B:he wanted to make the bathroom warmer.
C:he wasn't as strong as before
D:he couldn't stand the cold winter.Real gift at Christmas
IT was Christmas Eve, 1881. I was 15 years old and feeling like the world was over for me. I didn't have enough money to buy myself the gift that I had wanted that year.
Dad came back in and there was ice in his beard. "You've been by widow   Smith's house recently?" he asked. Widow Smith lived two miles down the road. Her husband died a year ago and left her with three children.
"I rode by just today," Dad continued. "Little Jack was out looking for wood  . They must be out of wood, Tom."
We filled our sled   high with wood. Then we went to the store and Dad bought some food, and a smaller pair of shoes. I tried to think through what Dad was doing. I knew we didn't have much money, so why was Dad buying _ so many things?
We got to the Smith's house and went in. "We brought you a few things, madam," Dad said, and put down the bag of food on the table. Then Dad handed widow Smith the pair of shoes. She bit her lower lip   to keep it from trembling  , and then tears filled her eyes and started running down her cheeks.
My throat seemed to be filled with something, and there were tears in my eyes, too. Just then my dream gift seemed very unimportant. Dad had given me the look on widow Smith's face and the smiles of her three children. He had given me the best Christmas of my life.
The question is: What did the writer learn from that Christmas?
The possible answers are:
A:Helping those in need makes us feel good.
B:Christmas gifts are unimportant for poor people.
C:We should get along with people around us.
D:Being helpful sometimes brings people good luck.This is a new picture. There are four boys and three girls in the room. They are all students. The boy on the desk is Jim. The girl near the window is Kate. Jim's sister Jane is on the chair. Ann and Mike are at the door. Mike's brother Sam is under the table. Where is Tom? Oh, he is over there, near the door. They are all very happy.
The question is: Where are Ann and Mike?
The possible answers are:
A:They are on the teacher's desk
B:They are near the window.
C:They are under the bed.
D:They are at the door.When people think of food in the United States, they think mostly of fast foods like hamburgers and hot dogs. In fact, in the U.S. cities like New York and Los Angeles, there are thousands of different kinds of restaurants with foods from all over the world.
So if you like to try different foods, the United States is the place for you. The United States has people from all over the world, and they bring with them typical foods from their countries. You can eat tempura in Japanese restaurants, tacos in Mexican restaurants, paella in Spanish restaurants, pasta in Italian restaurants, and you can also eat America's most popular food, pizza.
Yes, pizza! Pizza is from Italy, but today it is an important part of the U.S. menu. There are about 58,000 pizzerias in the United States--that's about 17% of all restaurants in the country, and the number is growing.
The United States has eating places for all tastes--and all pockets. You can buy a hot dog on the street and pay one or two dollars. Or you can go to a four-star restaurant and pay $200 for a dinner
The question is: There are many different kinds of food in America because  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:Americans have different eating habits
B:cheap foods like hamburgers and hot dogs are less popular than before
C:more and more tourists from other countries visit America
D:Americans are from different countries of the worldDo you feel a little sleepy after lunch? Well, that's normal  . Your body slows down then. What should you do about it? Don't drink coffee! Instead, take a nap  .
It's good to have a daily nap. First of all, you are more energetic after napping. You remember things better and make fewer mistakes. Also, you can learn things more easily after taking a nap. A nap may improve your self-confidence   and make you more active. It may even cheer you up. But, there are some rules you should think about taking a nap.
First, take a nap in the middle of day.
Next, a 20-minute nap is best. If you sleep longer, you may fall into a deep sleep. After waking from a deep sleep, you will feel worse. Also, you should set an alarm clock. That way, you can fully relax during your nap. You won't have to keep looking at the clock so you don't sleep too much.
Now, the next time you feel sleepy after lunch, don't get stressed. Put your head down, close your eyes, and take a nap.
The question is: It is normal to get sleepy for you at noon after  _
The possible answers are:
A:breakfast
B:lunch
C:dinner
D:supperInformation is received into our brain by attention, and its quality determines   how well _ will be processed, saved and used afterwards.
All information we receive is chosen by our attention. Factors   affecting   our attention are personal interest, experience, ability, feelings, knowledge, environment, timing, and so on. The same information may attract different forms and levels of attention from different people. Some people can get and save the information easily; some may have great difficulty; while others may just turn a blind eye to it. To the same information, one may even pay different levels of attention at different times. But if the facts work together, the quality of attention may be better. Therefore, it is not surprising to see that somebody with average intelligence   can have excellent performances in some fields.
The good news is that a person's attention can be shaped, trained and made stronger by effective exercise. With this in mind, we should keep improving the quality of our attention.
The question is: According to the passage,   _   can help people to make their attention better.
The possible answers are:
A:speaking more
B:effective exercise
C:hard work
D:high intelligenceYou're listening to Radio Five. Regular listeners know that every Tuesday I give a list of places in the city that are looking for volunteers.
Tiny Tot Preschool is looking for someone who will sing songs to the children on Thursday mornings. The best person for this job would be someone who can play the piano or the guitar.
Primary School 39 needs volunteers to teach students English after school on Mondays, Wednesdays, and Fridays.If you are good at English,this is a great chace.
The Parks Department needs volunteers to help plant many trees before May Day. If you like to work outside and protect the environment, this job is just for you.
Lastly, the Community Center is looking for volunteers to work with old people on weekends. You can help read newspapers to the old people with bad eyesight. The Center also needs a few students to do fix-up work on houses. If you often help your grandfather repair his house, maybe this is the best job for you.
If you are interested in any of the jobs, you can call us at 5478-6638.
That's all for now. People need your help. Volunteer Today.
The question is: Jane wants to volunteer in Tiny Tot Preschool. She should  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:have work experience as a teacher
B:like to work outside
C:be good at English
D:like singing songs to kidsRico is a dog who lives in Germany . His owners trained him from a young age to find his toys. When they say the name of a certain toy, Rico can find it. In fact, he seems to know the names of 200 toys!
Some researchers in Germany wanted to test Rico. They put his toys in a room and then told him to go in the room and find a certain toy. Since nobody was in the room with Rico, he had no help from anyone finding the right toy. The researchers did this test forty times. Rico found the right toy thirty-seven times!
Then the researchers tried something else. They put seven of Rico's toys in the room together with one new toy that Rico had never seen before. Then they told Rico to go into the room and get the new toy. This new toy had a name Rico had never heard before. Rico found the right toy seven out of ten times!
Researchers cannot really say that Rico knows words or language. However, these tests seem to show that Rico can think about what he hears and think about what he knows. In fact, Rico seems to think and remember things as well as a three-year-old child.
From these tests, animal researchers know one thing for sure. Rico has given them a lot to think about.
The question is: The best title for the passage is   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:German dogs are the smartest
B:An unusual dog
C:How dogs use language
D:The best toys for RicoSometimes children do not do what their parents tell them to do. When this happens, a parent tries to help the child to do the right thing. When this does not work, the parent usually punishes the child.
There are many things that a parent can do. One thing that people have done is to spank  the child. When a parent spanks a child, they will use their hand or a hard object to hit them on their bottom. This is meant to show the child that they have done something wrong.
One parent remembers being spanked when he was a child. His parents used a stick. When he spanked his own children with his hand, he saw that he put a red mark on his child's leg. He never did that again.
One problem with spanking is that it teaches the child to hit someone when they do not like what the other person is doing. Another problem with spanking is that the parent is usually angry and can hit the child too hard. Sometimes parents will use spanking for everything and not try other ways to get the child to do the right thing.
Many parents are not sure of what to do instead of spanking. Some people think that their religion  tells them that spanking is okay. Some think that the law lets them do it. The courts  say that parents have the right to teach their children how to do things right.
Other things should be tried before a parent decides to spank a child. Telling the child clearly what is wanted from them can be one thing. Giving a child more than one choice is another thing that can be tried. Getting down to the child's level and trying a more child- friendly way can help as well.
The question is: According to the passage, when children do something wrong, one thing that parents usually do to punish them is to  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:hit them on the bottom
B:try to help them do the right thing
C:teach them what to do
D:take them to countEast Bus --- maybe the best choice on your visit to the famous places of interest in Beijing.
Sit back, relax and see all there is to see, with no need to worry about driving, finding a parking place or leaving your car with no one to watch it.
We have lots of buses taking you to visit Tian'anmen Square, the Forbidden City, the Summer Palace, the Temple of Heaven Park, the Olympic Center and the Great Wall. The whole tour will take you three days.
Chinese & English speaking guides.
Booking by phone four days in advance .
Tour price: Y=580.00 per person (half price for children under 1.2m tall ), including the ticket price, breakfast and lunch.
For more information, please phone Yong'an Tourism Company at 010-23368688/23368689.
Add: 356 Chaoyang Road, Beijing.
Open 7 days a week. 8:00-16:00.
,.
The question is: Which of the following is not true?
The possible answers are:
A:The tour price includes six meals.
B:Visitors can see six places within three days.
C:Visitors must go to the company to book the tickets.
D:The office hour of the company is eight hours a dayMore and more people are trying to learn English than any other language in the world. English is the world language of politics and international business. It becomes the international language of science, medicine, sports, travel and so on.
In most schools in Asia, English is taught as the main foreign language. School children in China and Japan begin to learn English at an early age. English is the official language of more than seventy-five countries including Britain, Canada, the United States and Australia.
Many different languages are spoken in some countries. However, English is often used as an official language to help people communicate with each other. India is a good example. English is the common language in this country, but at least twenty-four languages are spoken there.
Do you know the history of English? Old English took many words from the French language. Most English words came from French, especially those words used for describing the law and the government, such as "damage"," prison "and " marriage". Then, English became what language experts   called Middle English. The history of English continues as Middle English, and then it becomes Modern English, and it is spoken today.
,.
The question is: The word " marriage" comes from  _
The possible answers are:
A:Chinese
B:Japanese
C:Russian
D:FrenchWhen you are reading something in English, you may often come across a new word .What's the best way to know it?
You need an English-Chinese dictionary  .It will tell you a lot about the word , for example   , how to read this word ,what it means in Chinese and how to use this word. But there are so many English words in the dictionary and how can you know where the word is? There is a way to look for it.
In the dictionary you can first see the words beginning with the letter A, then B,C,D,E...That means, if there are two words , "desk" and "hour", "desk" will be before "hour"; "story" "before" "Sunday", "tomato" before "tomorrow" etc. The English-Chinese dictionary will be your good friend. I hope you will often use it in your English learning.
The question is: This passage is about   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:how to use the right words in your English writing
B:how to read the new words in the English story
C:how to use an English-Chinese dictionary
D:how to choose a right English-Chinese dictionaryA boy who was cleaning shoes in the street said to a young man, "Let me clean your shoes." The young man said, "No, thank you." "You may pay  me only one dollar for them." Said the boy. But the young man refused  again.
And then the boy told the young man that he would clean his shoes for nothing. The young man            agreed to his, and soon one of his shoes became as clean as a new one. The man gave the other shoe to the boy, but the boy refused to clean it because he wanted the man to pay two dollars for his work. The young man refused to pay anything and went away.
But the dirty shoe looked so bad that he couldn't walk away. He had to turn back and gave the boy two dollars. In a very short time the other shoe became clean.
The question is: The young man agreed to let the boy clean his shoes, because the boy said he would ask for  _
The possible answers are:
A:one dollar
B:two dollars
C:four dollars
D:nothingI am an adult. I'm not a kid. I'm a grown-up. I need some money. I have no food. I am hungry. I am not thirsty, because water is everywhere. But water has no taste. I want to drink a soda. I want to drink milk. I want to drink coffee. I want to work. Nobody will hire( )me. Nobody is hiring anybody. Companies are firing  people. Everyone is looking for a job. I cannot pay my rent . I will have to live in my car. I don't want to live in my car. My car has no bed. Everyone should live in a house or a flat. Many people don't have a car. They live on the street. A street has no bed. Nobody should live on the street. I don't know what to do. I don't know where to go. Maybe I will go to church . Maybe I will find help there.
The question is: I want to live   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:in a house
B:in my car
C:on the street
D:in the churchIt was the first day of class. Two of her new ESL (English as a Second Language) classmates wanted to know where Tara was from. They were both from Korea. Because Tara looked Korean, one of the women asked Tara, in English, if she was from Korea. Tara replied, "No, I'm not." Then the women took turns asking Tara if she was from Japan, or Thailand, or China. To each question, Tara answered them a simple no. Laughing, one woman said to the other, "She's not from anywhere!" The two went to their desks, talking to each other in Korean.
The next day, the teacher divided the students into groups of four. The students in each group asked introductory questions of each other. A student in Tara's group asked her, "Where are you from?" Tara answered that she was from Korea. The two women who had questioned Tara the day before were sitting only a few feet away. Both of them heard Tara's answer.
"Aha!" they both _ , "You ARE from Korea!" Tara smiled and said yes. Then she apologized to both of them for lying the day before. She told them that she had not wanted to get into a Korean conversation with them. It had been her experience that many ESL students continued to speak their mother language in ESL class, and Tara had not come to ESL class to practice her Korean. In her opinion, ESL students should try to speak English only.
"I agree." said Rose.
"You're 100 percent right." agreed Jenny, "Rose and I must stop speaking Korean to each other. Right,Rose?" Rose nodded,and then said something in Korean. All three women laughed.
The next half a year, Tara became friendly with both women, although she never spoke a word of Korean to them during class or break.
The question is: Which is the best title of this passage?
The possible answers are:
A:Don't Tell Lies
B:An ESL Class
C:Let's Speak English
D:Three Korean WomenOne day a tiger caught a fox  in the forest . Before the tiger eat him , the fox said, "You can't eat me, I'm king  of the forest. If you eat me , all the other animals in the forest will be angry with you." The tiger didn't believe him. The fox said, "If you don't believe me, then take a walk with me in the forest. You can see whether they are afraid of me."
The tiger thought it was a good idea, so they started together. The fox walked in front and the tiger went behind. When the other animals saw the tiger coming, they ran away as fast as they could. The fox called out, " Mr Tiger, you see, all the animals are afraid of me." The tiger said, "Yes, you are quite right." He let the fox go .
The question is: The fox walked   _   the tiger.
The possible answers are:
A:in front of
B:in the middle of
C:behind
D:besideOur factories and homes burn coal and oil. Every year we have forest fires somewhere. Many scientists believe that the weather is changing.
The earth will perhaps be warmed by about 7degC at the South Pole  and the North Pole. The ice will be melt . The sea level  will rise by about 7 meters. As a result, water will cover cities like London, Tokyo and New York. Some ports  and towns along the coasts will disappear under water.
Some other scientists think that the dust, smoke and pollution from coal, wood and oil fires will block out  the ultraviolet rays . Then the earth will become colder and great sheets of ice will cover Europe and North America.
When chemicals in the air mix with rain, we have acid  rain. Acid rain can bring us great harm. It destroys  forests and kills life in lakes and rivers.
People are beginning to see how serious the problem is. They find it important to work with nature instead of against it. They are trying to save the earth in many different ways. But one of the most important things to do is to make people understand that saving the earth is saving ourselves.
,.
The question is: Which sentence is TRUE?
The possible answers are:
A:The weather is changing just because of the acid rain.
B:People have come to know the importance of working with nature.
C:All the scientists agree that our earth is sure to become warmer and warmer.
D:The sea level will rise if the earth gets colder.Do you speak English? Do you speak e-mail English? Maybe you don't. E-mail English is a new kind of English that many people use to save time. A lot of e-mail English words come from a computer program called QQ, which means I seek you. Ian Lancashire, a Canadian teacher, likes QQ, "People can use QQ to talk with each other using computer. But, you have to be able to type quickly or the other person will be bored. So e-mail English can give some help."
A message in e-mail English mostly uses two kinds of new words. The first kind is made up of the first letters of the words. These are called acronyms. The second kind is homophones,letter combination , symbols that sound like other words.
Acronyms in an e-mail save space and time. It takes a long time to writeby the way. BTW is much faster. Other acronyms are F2F which stands forface to face, CSL forcan't stop laughingand DBEYR fordon't believe everything you read!Some of the acronyms look like strange words, such as SWAK. But this one meanssealed  with a kiss.
Homophones often use letters and numbers that sound like words or parts of words. For example, 8 sound like--eatingreat, to save time, people write gr8. Another example is CU forsee youor sometimes CU l8r (see you later)
The number 2 is used fortoortoo and the number 4 is used instead offor.
Another part of e-mail is emotive symbols  which make faces when you look at them sideways. The most common emotive, is the happy face :). A comma   is often used to help add other parts of the face and show different expressions.
E-mail English is fun. An e-mail message with lots of e-mail English starts to look like secret code . Your best friend will probably understand it, but your parents and teachers may not. In fact, many teachers don't like e-mail English. It's not just because they can't _ what it means. It's because students start to use e-mail English in their everyday writing. E-mail English is great for writing quickly. But most teachers say that e-mail English should only be used in e-mails to one's friends.
The question is: What's the title for this passage?
The possible answers are:
A:E-mail English on Computer.
B:American E-mail English.
C:The Forms of E-mail English.
D:The Changing of English.A little boy went to a telephone booth   at the cash counter of a store and made a phone call. The store owner looked at him and listened to the conversation.
Boy: "Lady, can you give me the job of cutting your lawn  ?"
Woman (at the other end of the phone line): "No, thank you. I already have someone to cut my lawn."
Boy: "Lady, I will cut your lawn for half the price the person who cuts your lawn now."
Woman: "I'm very satisfied with the person who cuts my lawn."
Boy (with more perseverance ) : "Lady, I'll even sweep the floor and the stairs of your house for free."[:Zxxk.Com]
Woman: "No, thank you."
With a smile on his face, the little boy hung up the phone. The store owner, who was listening to all this, walked over to the boy.
Store owner: "Son... I like your attitude  . I like that positive   spirit and would like to offer you a job."
Boy: "No, thanks."
Store owner: "But you were really asking for one."
Boy: "No, Sir. I was just checking my performance   at the job I already have. I am the one who is working for that lady I was talking to."
The question is: The best title for the story is "  _  ".
The possible answers are:
A:Asking for a job
B:Self-appraisal
C:The lady and the boy
D:The boy and the store ownerThe favorite food in the United States is the hamburger. The favorite place to buy a hamburger is a fast food restaurant. At fast food restaurant, people order their food, wait a few minutes, and carry it to their tables themselves. People also take their food out of the restaurant and eat it in their cars or in their homes. At some fast food restaurant, people can order their food, pay for it and pick it up without leaving their cars. There are many kinds of fast food restaurant in the United States. The greatest in number sell hamburger, French fries and so on. They are popular among Americans. Besides, fast food restaurant that serve Chinese food, Mexican food, Italian food, chicken, seafood and ice-cream are very many. The idea of a fast food restaurant is so popular that nearly every kind of food can be found in one.
Fast food restaurant are popular because they reflect  American life style. Customer can wear any type of dress when they go to a fast food place. Second, they are fast. People who are busy do not want to spend time preparing their own food or waiting while someone prepares it. In fast food restaurant, food is not expensive. Therefore, people often buy and eat at a fast restaurant, while they may not be able to go to a more expensive restaurant very often.
The question is: In the United States the favorite food is   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:Chinese food
B:Mexican food
C:French fries
D:the hamburgerEver since I was a child, my mouth has caused me trouble. I'm not a bad person; I have a hard time learning when to keep my mouth closed. My mom has told me again and again, "Robert, your constant bad words are hurting me. If you continue to be this rude, you will get into big trouble."It's been a problem at school several times too when teachers have told me something I didn't want to hear. I used to feel it was my duty to stand up for myself. One day in English class I began working on my homework until I heard a classmate talking behind me. It was Nathaniel, talking to himself as usual. I said ever so nicely, "Nathaniel, would you be quiet?"  Nathaniel continued talking to himself. I quickly shouted "Nathaniel, shut up!" For the next five minutes, we threw hurtful words back and forth at each other.  "At least I don't have an ugly lazy eye like you!" I shouted.I knew this would upset him deep inside. It would hurt his feelings and shut him up.   What I said filled him with anger. He tried to reach over my seat and grab me as he shouted, "That's it! That's it!" Surprised at his reaction, I sat back in my seat. Never had I seen Nathaniel act like this before.  Later on, we were taken to the principal's office. There, Mr. Black, the principal, told us to discuss the matter. It wasn't until then that I finally found that when I hurt someone physically, the wounds eventually heal. But when I hurt them with my words, sometimes the pain   never goes away. At the end of the discussion, I said sorry to Nathaniel. When I headed back to my room, I spent some time praying. I began to think about how often what I said hurt others. But I believe that as I keep praying and asking God to help me, he'll tell me when to keep my mouth closed.
The question is: One day in English class, Nathaniel   _  when the other classmates worked on their homework.
The possible answers are:
A:read the text
B:listened to the others
C:talked to himself
D:kept silentThe boy began lessons with an old Japanese judo teacher, Mr. Tanaka. The boy was doing well, but his teacher had taught him only one move in three months of training.
"Mr. Tanaka," the boy finally asked, "shouldn't I be learning more moves?"
"This is the only move you know, but this is the only move you'll ever need to know," his teacher replied.
Several months later, Mr. Tanaka took the boy to his first tournament  . The boy won his first three matches, using his one move to win. The boy was now in the finals, and was amazed by his own success.
This time, his opponent   was bigger, stronger, and more experienced. The referee   wanted to stop the match.
"No," the teacher insisted, "let him continue." Soon, his opponent lowered his guard. At that moment the boy used his move to pin   him. The boy won the match and became the champion.
On the way home, the boy and his teacher reviewed every match. Then the boy asked what was really in his mind.
"Mr. Tanaka, how did I win the tournament with only one move?"
"You won for two reasons," his teacher answered. "First, you've almost mastered one of the most difficult throws in all of judo. And second, the only defense   for that move is for your opponent to catch your left arm."
The boy's biggest weakness had become his biggest strength  .
The question is: What can you infer   from the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:The boy wasn't doing well at first.
B:Mr. Tanaka is a good teacher because he knows his student's strength and weakness.
C:The referee believed the boy would win.
D:The boy had predicted that he would win.Mrs Weeks was reading a newspaper story to her class. The story said:
Were you ever in a hospital when you were small? How did you feel? The doctors in Children's Hospital are asking for money for children's toys. Some children in the hospital must stay in bed for many weeks. Toys are needed to keep these sick children happy and quiet. Money for them can be sent to the hospital.
After Mrs. Weeks read the story, she said,"This story gave me an idea."
"You want us to bring some money for the toys.""We could bring some of our own toys for the children in the hospital, "said the boys and girls one after another.
"Well, your ideas would be nice, "Mrs. Weeks said,"but mine is different."
Mrs. Weeks smiled. "Do you think you could make toys?" she asked.
"Yes, yes," the whole class answered.
"Great! Let's begin to make toys tomorrow," said Mrs. Weeks.
On Saturday afternoon, Mrs. Weeks took the children to the hospital with the toys made by her students.
The children in the hospital felt very happy to see the toys. The children in the class felt happy, too. A few days later, Mrs. Weeks read another newspaper story to the class:
Some school pupils brought toys to Children's Hospital last week. The toys were made by the pupils of Grade Three in Green Street School. The doctors said, "We have never had so many wonderful toys. Our children are very happy with them. They say, 'THANK YOU, GRADE THREE'"
The question is: What Mrs. Weeks really wanted to do is to   _                .
The possible answers are:
A:let everyone know her class .
B:save some money for toys .
C:make herself famous .
D:teach the pupils to do things themselves and be helpful to others .Should teenagers help their parents do chores? Is it important for us to learn how to do chores?
I have a classmate called Li Ting. She is the only child in her family. Her parents love her so much that they don't let her do any chores. On weekdays she gets up, has meals, goes to school, has lessons, she only plays with her friends. So she doesn't know how to do chores. One day, her father was badly ill and was in hospital. Her mother had to take care of her father in the hospital and couldn't cook meals for her for a week. Li Ting didn't know how to cook meals. She had a lot of trouble cooking meals and often felt hungry. She only had instant noodles for her meals.
From the story, we know it's very important for us to learn to do chores.
The question is: Li Ting doesn't  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:do chores on weekends
B:go to school on weekdays
C:do her homework on weekdays
D:have meals on weekendsAll over the world, the global diet includes fast food--prepared items from inexpensive restaurants, snack bars, or food stands. Some examples of American fast food are hamburgers, hot dogs, sandwiches, fried chicken, and so on. Some types of international fast foods might be German sausage and Schnitzel, Italian pizza, Japanese sushi and tempura, Chinese eggrolls and noodles and the like. The variety of fast foods all over the world is growing. Even so, this kind of style is becoming worldwide. Fast-food places usually prepare and serve the items quickly. Many are part of fast-food chains (eating places with the same name and company owner). For example, the biggest and most famous American fast-food chain serves hamburgers in nearly every part of the world.
For several reasons, many people choose fast food. First, it is quick and convenient. Second, it is cheaper than special home-cooked meals or formal restaurant dinners. And third, it is easy to find every eating place with the same company name. The atmosphere and style of most fast-food places is casual, comfortable, and familiar.
Why do other eaters stay away from this fast, easy kind of nourishment? The main reason is its low nutritional value. Fast food doesn't have large amounts of fiber, vitamins, minerals, and the like-elements necessary for good nutrition and health. In contrast  , most types of fast food have a lot of fat, sugar, or salt in them. Possibly, these things can cause or increase health disorders, like heart disease, and some kinds of cancer. Recently, these quick and easy kinds of world wide nourishment are generally getting better and more healthful. For example, many fast-food restaurants now have put vegetable items on their menus.
Of course, human beings around the world don't always eat in fast-food places.The variety of food choices is large now and is probably going to increase. The number of food preparation methods is growing too. Cooking customs, eating habits, and food preferences all over the world are becoming more healthful. In these and other ways, the global diet is changing.
The question is: From Paragragh 1,we can know that   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:America serves four kinds of fast food
B:we used to have more types of fast food
C:different countries have different types of fast food
D:America serves fewer fast food than other countriesOn a Friday night,a poor young violinist was playing his violin at the entrance of the subway station. The music was so great that people slowed down to listen and put some money into his hat.
The next day,the violinist came to the entrance again. He put down his hat as usual. Beside the hat was a piece of paper with some words on it. It said,"A George Sang has put an important thing into my hat by mistake. Welcome to claim it."Soon the people were all attracted by the words and wondered what it could be. After a while a man rushed through the crowd,took the violinist's shoulders and said,"I knew you would certainly come here."The violinist asked,"Did you lose something?""Lottery ."The violinist took out a lottery ticket with Sang's name on it. Sang took it and danced happily.
Sang was an office worker. He bought the lottery and won a prize of$500,000.But when he gave$50 to the violinist for his wonderful music,the lottery ticket was thrown in, too. The violinist was a college student. That morning,he was going to fly to Vienna for high education. However,when he found the ticket,he cancelled the flight and returned to the entrance.
Later someone asked the violinist why he didn't take the lottery ticket to pay the tuition fee .He said"Although I don't have much money,I live happily. If I lose honesty ,I won't be happy forever."
The question is: The young man played the violin for   _   at the entrance of the subway station.
The possible answers are:
A:pleasure
B:money
C:Love
D:friendsWhat do you usually do after school? Playing football? Watching TV? Let's see how kids in foreign countries spend their free time?
Mess around  with Dress-up Do your parents have any old clothes? See if you can get an old box and start collecting hats, shoes and clothes now! Then, when your friends come over after school,you can play dress-up. See if you can make yourself into a doctor, or a cowboy, or even a spaceman! If you are really clever, you could even put on a show for your family! Let your imagination run wild!
Start a Club Want to learn new things after school? Want to make new friends who aren't in your class? You can get both of them in clubs. In other countries' schools,there are usually all kinds of clubs for kids to join. There is a French club,a student government, a theatre,a choir and a photography club.
Take a photography club as an example. One may learn all the skills about taking photos. For example,you will learn how to choose a camera,how to use the light and how to develop pictures.
One can also make a lot of friends in clubs. It's always good to enjoy your free time with friends, isn't it?
The question is: How do kids in foreign countries spend their free time?  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:Playing football
B:Playing dress-up
C:Watching TV
D:Having a party in clubsSydney Tower
Address:       100 Market St, Sydney
Phone:         02 9333 9222
Fax:           02 9333 9203
Open time:     9:00am to 10:30pm ( Saturday to 11:30 pm)
Ticket:         $ 60 (for an adult)     $ 30 (for a child)
Website:        www. Sydneytower .com. au
How to get there:  train to Town Hall Station and a short walk along Market Street.
How to book tickets:   by phone/  fax or through the web
Attraction:      Sydney's best views are just the beginning ! Sydney Tower takes you to the highest point above Sydney for exciting 360degviews of our beautiful city.
The question is: S ydney Tower is   _   in Sydney, Australia.
The possible answers are:
A:The busiest street
B:the biggest station
C:the most beautiful
D:the highest pointFriendship is the most important thing in the world. But now do you find a real friendship and keep it?
An American writer tells young students some smart ways to find friends. He says finding friendship is just like planting a tree. You plant the seed  and take care of it to make it grow.
First, to make friends, you must be kind and friendly to others. You should learn to smile at others and try to make a stranger feel at home. _ .
Second, friends should negotiate  instead of quarrel . When you don't agree with someone, please discuss with him or her. But even the best friends can quarrel. After the quarrel, you have to talk to him or her. If he or she doesn't want to talk, you could write a letter. Tell him or her how you are feeling, and explain why you did this or that.
Finally, never believe in those who leave you when you are in trouble. And never leave your friend when he or she is in trouble. Remember, a friend in need is a friend indeed.
The question is: When you don't agree with others, you should   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:quarrel, then discuss with him or her
B:talk with him or her about it calmly
C:write a letter and explain when he or she doesn't want to say
D:both B and CMr. Green is quiet and doesn't like talking with people. He likes reading newspapers and playing computer games. He never exercises. Sometimes he watches soccer or basketball games on TV. He likes milk very much and drinks it three times a day.
Mrs. Green is a bank clerk .It's a busy but boring job. She works with people and money every day. So she is always tired after work. She likes to take a good rest and goes to bed early after dinner. Usually she goes to bed at 8:30 in the evening and gets up at 6:30 in the morning. Mr. Green is very happy with that. But Mrs. Green isn't, because Mr. Green always talks in her sleep.
One morning, Mr. Green sat at table and had breakfast. Mrs. Green asked him,"Why do you always talk in your sleep?"Mr. Green said,"Because I have few chances to talk in the daytime "
The next morning after their children all went to school, Mrs. Green asked Mr. Green angrily,"Why did you scold me in your sleep last night?""Because I'm afraid to do it when I'm awake ."
The question is: Mrs.Green usually sleeps  _  hours every night.
The possible answers are:
A:ten
B:nine
C:eight
D:sevenForget about Super Junior. We now have TFBOYS. TFBOYS is a popular Chinese boy band made up of three members. They are Wang Junkai, 14, Wang Yuan, 13, and Yi Yangqianxi, 13. The boys are all junior middle school students. The band name TFBOYS means The Fighting Boys.
TFBOYS started in 2013, but has become popular in just one year. Fans love their sweet looks and cute voices. Their songs are full of positive energy. In their latest single Magic Castle(<>), they call on teenagers to not be afraid of dreaming big.
The three boys are all top students in school. Wang Junkai, the eldest, has recently taken the senior middle entrance exam . We hope he's done well.
The question is: The band was founded in   _  ?
The possible answers are:
A:2015
B:2014
C:2013
D:2012San Russell is not your average  baseball fan. He is a die-hard Boston Red Sox fan. He has a season ticket and he arranges his work schedule so he does not miss a game. San also attends game dressed in their uniform, and his car is red. He has even lost some friends by choosing to watch the Red Sox instead of going to their weddings. Is this healthy behavior?
Although Russell's case is extreme, being a sports fan can be healthy for you. According to a study at the University of Kansan in the USA, sports fans suffer from depression less than people who are not interested in sports, fans also experience other effects from watching their team play. When their team wins a game, their own confidence and happiness increase, just like the athletes. Losing, on the other hand, always leads to some sense of disappointment.
What about die-hard fans whose team always loses? The team spirit keeps those fans from losing hope. Knowing that other fans are probably feeling the same way also helps them. In addition, there is always the hope that their team will win the next game. Russell has lost some friends because of his love for baseball and although you may think that would make him unhappy, he has made many more new friends because of his team spirit.
For Sam Russell, supporting the Red Sox is not just a hobby; it is a way of life and the secret of his happiness.
The question is: Russell feels disappointed and sad when  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:his team loses the game
B:he has less friends
C:he can't go to friends' weddings
D:he has no hope for his teamPeter is a boy. His full name is Peter Brown. He is nine years old. His telephone number is 010-55882226. Peter has an email address. It's peterbrown@hotmail.com. He likes singing and dancing.
Jane is Peter's sister. Jane is seven years old. Her QQ number is 735469. Jane's email address is janebrown@hotmail.com. She is good at swimming and playing volleyball.
The question is: What's Peter's family name?
The possible answers are:
A:Peter
B:Brown
C:Jane
D:Peter BrownLizards   are unusual,but they can make good pets because most of them are small and easy to care for. They do not make loud noises,and they do not need to go for walks or take baths.
Of course, some lizards make better pets than others. One of the most popular lizards in pet store is the bearded dragon. Bearded dragons are active during the day and do not mind people holding them. Geckos are another popular pet lizard. They are a little more difficult to care for. Geckos are active at night and need a warm place to live.Like bearded dragons,they can be held by their owners.Both of these lizards can live ten years or more when they are well cared for.
Two lizards that are bad choices for pets are iguanas and chameleons. Iguanas can grow to be almost two meters(nearly six feet),so they need a big space to live in.They can also bite or scratch   their owners.Chameleons do not hurt their owners,but they are quite difficu1t to care for. While iguanas can live up to twenty years,chameleons do not live very long. Most do not live more than five years.
The question is: Which lizard would be good for a child to watch and play during the day?
The possible answers are:
A:A gecko
B:A chameleon
C:A bearded dragon.
D:An iguana.In the ancient Arabic story called Ali Baba and the Forty Thieves, the young hero Ali Baba said "Open Sesame" and a door to hidden treasures was opened to him.The old story had a special meaning for Ma Yun.He drew inspiration from _ for Alibaba.com - Chinese largest e-commerce website.
In 1995, Ma Yun was working for a US trading company when he was introduced to the Internet."I know nothing about computers and has never touched a keyboard," he said.He searched the word "beer" and nothing came up about Chinese products.
Ma Yun had an idea.Why not build a large Internet market to connect customers with companies from all over the world? They could do business online in that way.That was how Alibaba began.His company grew quickly.But that didn't mean everything went smoothly.In 2000, many Internet companies failed including Alibaba.But later, he was successful because he managed to attract  investment into his company."You should stick to your dream," he said."Everyone thought I was daydreaming when I started.But the most important thing is that we believe in our dream from past to today and tomorrow.Of course we made many mistakes, but we never give up."
Ma Yun is also smart.For him, success in business is like trying to catch a rabbit.If there are nine rabbits, focus on catching one - don't try to catch them all," he said."Change your ways if you need to, but don't change the rabbit.Get one first, put it in your pocket and then catch the others."
The question is: Which is RIGHT according to the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:We should always daydream like Ma Yun.
B:We should never give up hope like Ma Yun.
C:Ma Yun seldom made mistakes.
D:People should try to put nine rabbits in their pockets at the same timeLook! This is Li Mei's room. What's in her room? Her books are on the desk. This is one of her shoes. Where is the other one? Oh, It's under the desk. She can not find her school bag. Where is it? Oh, It's behind the door. Li Mei can not look after  her things. Her mother often says to her, " Li Mei , you must look after your things."
,. (5)
The question is: Where are Li Mei's books?  _
The possible answers are:
A:It's on the desk.
B:They are on the chair.
C:Under the desk.
D:On the desk.A horse doesn't think she is beautiful. She goes to see the God, "My God! Thanks for giving me a beautiful body, but I want to be more beautiful."
The God says, "What do you want to be like?"
The horse says, "If you can make my neck a little longer, my upper body will be more beautiful. And if you can make my legs much thinner, then my lower body will look more beautiful."
Then the God makes her become a camel  . "Oh, God, I want to become more beautiful. But now ... " says the horse.
The God says, "This is what you ask for."
The horse cries, "Oh no, I don't want to be a camel!"
The God says, "Never try to get more. If you want more and more, you will have no idea what the result   will be."
The question is: How does the horse feel after becoming a camel?
The possible answers are:
A:Very sad.
B:Very thankful.
C:Very happy.
D:Quite bored.It was a sunny afternoon. I played with my daughter in a park. While I was pushing my daughter's swing to go higher and higher, I saw a little girl over there. The little girl tried to get her swing going higher, but she couldn't do that.
Then I walked to that little girl and offered to help her. I said to her, "Could I give your swing a push? "She smiled and said, "Yes, Madam. "Then I pushed her swing to go higher. She laughed happily.
One year later, I was very tired after a long day's work. But I had to drive to pick up my daughter from the school. When I stood outside the school gate and waited, I suddenly felt two arms wrapping(, )around me. I looked down and found a little girl. I realized that she was the girl I met last year. She smiled up at me and then she gave me another _ . To my surprise, I didn't feel tired any more. What's more, I felt much happier.
The question is: The writer met the little girl again when she  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:was driving to work
B:was waiting for her daughter
C:was waiting for the bus
D:was talking with her daughterOne day, I had a bad toothache. I couldn't eat anything. So I went to see the dentist.
" What's wrong with your teeth? " asked the dentist.
" I have a toothache. " I told him.
" Let me see your teeth ...... Um, there's a hole in one of the teeth. Do you eat a lot of sweet food? " The dentist asked me.
" Yes, I do. I often eat ice cream, biscuits, chocolate and I often drink cola and milk with sugar, " I told him.
" All these are bad for your teeth. You must eat less sweet food and brush your teeth at least twice every day. Now let me fill your bad tooth. "
The question is: The write  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:doesn't like eating sweet or drinking sweet water
B:doesn't like having any food or drink
C:likes eating sweet food and drinking sweet milk
D:likes having sweet food and milkOne day, a woman traveled alone in the mountains.When she was walking, she found a precious   stone.She was very happy and put the stone into her bag.
The next day, the woman met another traveler.The traveler was hungry and the woman opened her bag to s hare her food with him.The hungry traveler saw the precious stone and said, "How beautiful the stone is! Can I have a look?" The woman gave it to the traveler.The traveler looked and looked, and then he asked the woman whether she would like to give it to him.She gave the stone to him without hesitation  .
The traveler left.He was very happy because he knew he could get lots of money by selling the stone and he could live a rich life.But a few days later he came back to return the stone to the woman.
"I know how precious the stone is," the traveler said. "But I gave it back.I hope that you can give me something even more precious." "Even more precious? What is that?" the woman asked. "Your beautiful mind is more precious than the stone," the man said.
The question is: Which sentence is true according to the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:The traveler didn't like the stone at last.
B:The traveler became very rich at last.
C:The woman was happy when she found the stone.
D:The woman didn't want to give the stone to the traveler.For several years, Americans have enjoyed teleshopping -- watching TV and buying things by phone. Now teleshopping is starting in Europe. In a number of European countries, people can turn on their TVs and shop for clothes, jewelry, food, toys and many other things.
Teleshopping is becoming popular in Sweden, for example. The biggest Swedish company sells different kinds of things on TV in 15 European countries, and in one year it made$100 million. In France there are two teleshopping channels, and the French spend about$20 million a year to buy things through those channels.
In Germany, until last year teleshopping was only possible on one channel for 1 hour every day. Then the government allowed more teleshopping. Other channels can open for telebusiness, including the largest American teleshopping company and a 24-hour teleshopping company. German businesses are hoping this new teleshopping will help them sell more things.
Some people like teleshopping because it allows them to do their shopping without leaving their homes. With all the problems of traffic in the cities, this is an important reason. But at the same time, other Europeans do not like this new way of shopping. They call teleshopping "junk on the air". Many Europeans usually worry about the quality of the things for sale on TV. Good quality is important to them, and they believe they cannot be sure about the quality of the things on TV.
The need for high quality means that European teleshopping companies will have to be different from the American companies. They will have to be more careful about the quality of the things they sell. They will also have to work harder to sell things that the buyers cannot touch or see in person.
The question is: In Germany, teleshopping may  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:help businessmen get more money
B:keep the shops open longer
C:have fewer buyers
D:bring better TV programsThe nine-year-old Marc Yu is called Little Mozart. He is too short to reach the pedals   of a piano. Marc, from California, USA, says, "The problem is that my legs aren't straight enough, so I have to get very close to the piano."
Marc's 34-year-old mother played Beethoven's CDs to him when she was pregnant . Marc started playing the piano at a birthday party when he was only two. While the other children were singing "twinkle, twinkle, little star ...", he walked over to the piano and started playing the song. It _ his mother, because that was the first time he'd been near a piano. Marc gave his first public performance, playing Beethoven, at six, the same age as Mozart. After that concert, Marc won a PS225,000 university scholarship.
At present he practices the piano eight hours a day. He also studies part-time at the famous Colbum Music School in Los Angeles, and flies once a month to China for lessons at Shanghai Music School. Marc says, "I like playing the piano because it makes me have a lot of different feelings --sadness, excitement, happiness and so on. I like playing difficult pieces, especially those that my teacher says I shouldn't."
The question is: At present Marc practices playing the piano  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:once a month
B:eight hours a day
C:in his free time
D:only on weekendsWe usually believe what our brain tells us, but there are some amazing facts which show that the brain tricks us. As a result, we think we can see something that is not actually there or we ignore things that actually are there.
Scientists Daniel Simons and Christopher Chabris have researched this phenomenon , which they call "change blindness". Their experiments show how we sometimes just do not see what is in front of our eyes because _ .
Here is one of their most famous experiments. In this experiment, the participants were shown a video of two groups of people (one group in white T-shirts and one group in black T-shirts) who passed basketballs around in a hallway. Each group had three members. Simons and Chabris asked the participants to count how many times the white team passed the ball. While the two teams were passing their balls around, a person dressed up as a big bear walked through the group and stopped to look at the camera. Simons and Chabris found that about half of the research participants did not notice the big bear.
The question is: What percentage of the participants noticed the big bear?
The possible answers are:
A:Less than 25%.
B:About 50%.
C:About 75%.
D:Almost 100%.Food,  Drink &
Refreshment
Relax and unwind in our new state of the Loch Ness Eatery. Whether you are looking for a snack or a full meal we can provide almost anything to suit everyone. We will be ready for helping you at all times.
 Fresh Tea. Coffee, Hot Chocolate etc.
 Good choice of Home Baking and Cake
 Home Made Soup and Sandwiches.
 Sweets and Soft Drinks
 Packed to aches for those who prefer a picnic.
 Seating for over 150 visitors.
Tel:  +44(0)1456 450321
Web: www.lochness.com
The question is: It's clear that the Eatery   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:can hold 150 people at most
B:only provides Chinese food
C:was set up in the year of 1980
D:doesn't offer many choicesAs summer arrives, it's important to drink more, to keep us cool. Let's look to see what drinks are popular in the US.
Sports drinks and fruit drinks are quite popular. But there are two main drinks that Americans enjoy most: water and soda. Around 10.9 billion gallons   of water is drunk each year, and 12.8 billion gallons of soda. Soda is the most popular drink. It's fizzy   and enjoyed with friends. Perhaps it is the drink of choice for parties.
However, if you are playing sports, soda is not a good drink. The fizzy and sweet drinks may make you uncomfortable   while exercising. The best drink for sports is water. That's because it has no calories and keeps you fresh during sports. Besides, doctors tell us that drinking water each day is healthy.
For many kids, juice or milk are their favorites. These drinks are healthy and give kids  vitamins and energy   during the day. Adults usually choose between tea or coffee.
The question is: Americans like to drink   _   best.
The possible answers are:
A:coffee
B:soda
C:water
D:JuiceMr. and Mrs. Wilson lived in a big city. They liked traveling. One summer they went to the countryside for their holiday. They enjoyed it very much, because it was a quiet and clean place.
One day they went out for a walk early in the morning and saw an old man. He lived on the farm, and he was sitting alone in the warm sun in front of the house. Mr. Wilson asked him, "Do you like living in the quiet place?"
The old man said, "Yes, I do."
Mr. Wilson asked, "What are the good things about it?"
The old man answered. "Well, everybody knows everybody. People often come and see me, and I often go and see them. And there're lots of children here."
Mr. Wilson said, "That's interesting. And what are the bad things?"
The old man thought for a minute and said, "Well, the same things."
The question is: Was the old man their uncle?   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:Yes, he was.
B:No, he wasn't.
C:I think so.
D:We don't know.Many college students have given up taking class notes by hand. Instead, they type  on computers. But scientists say that method is less helpful.
If you need to remember something, write it. Writing notes by hand is much better for long-term memory of idea. So, turn off your computer if you want to remember something.
Students who type notes on a keyboard often write down what the teacher says word-for-word. They may write without really thinking about what they are writing. These electronic notes contained  more words. But scientists say it leads to " _ ." Transcription means to write down something exactly as you hear it.
However, students taking notes by writing them, need to first process the information they hear. Then they record just the main parts. They use fewer words. This is because people usually write slower than they type. This kind of process leads to a deeper understanding.
The scientists did a research. In the research, students listened to a teacher and then took a test. Some took notes by typing on a computer. The others took notes by writing them down.
Both groups performed about the same in remembering facts. But students who typed their notes did much worse on conceptual  questions. These questions required them to understand an idea.
Also, scientists found that those who wrote their notes remembered conceptual information better a week later. Scientists believe that the students who took notes by writing them had a deeper understanding of ideas.
Scientists know that students probably will still use their computers in class. But they suggest to take notes by hand on screens. They say this might be a good way between different schools.
The question is: _   to take class notes is more helpful for a long-term memory of idea.
The possible answers are:
A:Using a computer
B:Writing by hand
C:Typing on a keyboard
D:Recording with a computerIt's over three years since I began to learn English. I'm glad that I am getting on well with it.
I find English quite difficult, but very interesting. When I first started, I thought I had only to remember the new words and learn some grammar  I knew little about English idioms .I thought each English word had the same meaning in Chinese. When I learn to say"I see a book on the desk," I thought the English word "see " was just like the Chinese word " kan ",So one day when my teacher asked me," what are you doing?", I answered, "I'm seeing a book." "That's wrong ."  the teacher said, "you don't see a book, You read a book. You can't use English word like a Chinese one.. Be sure not to make the same mistake again."
After that I began to pay more attention to the differences between Chinese and English. For example, in English we say a" high mountain", but a" tall man. " In Chinese we use the same word "gao " for both.. Again in English we say" take part in the sports meeting ", " attend the meeting " and" join the army,"  while in Chinese we can use "can jia " for all three. Interesting ,isn't?
So to study English doesn't only mean hard wok, it can be great fun,  too! We not only have to pay attention to pronunciation, grammar spelling and handwriting, we also have to understand English idioms. We can learn English well only in the way!
But all this is only a beginning and I still have a long way to go. I'll try my best and work even harder than before. I must speak and listen to English more both in and out of class. I must learn English well so that I can work well when I grow up.
The question is: I have learned English for   _   years.
The possible answers are:
A:one
B:five
C:three
D:more than threeToby, an 11-year-old boy, is playing with a ball. The ball goes into the street and Toby runs for the ball. A car hit  Toby.
An ambulance takes Toby to the hospital in 30 minutes. The doctors at the hospital tell Toby's parents, "Toby is in a coma." Every day Toby's parents visit him at the hospital. They sit next to Toby's bed and talk to him. But Toby never talks to them. He just sleeps.
One day, Toby's father says ," Wake up, Toby. Wake up, come home and play with Rusty." Rusty is Toby's dog.
When Toby's father says 'Rusty', Toby moves his arm. "Rusty!" Toby's father says again. Again, Toby moves his arm .
Toby's parents have an idea. They tell the nurse, "We want to bring Toby's dog to the hospital." The nurse says "OK".
The next day, Toby's parents bring Rusty to the hospital. When they put the dog on Toby's bed, Toby opens his eyes and hugs the dog.
Toby's parents bring Rusty to the hospital every day. One day Rusty jumps onto Toby's bed and scratches his arms. Toby says his first words "Bad dog!".
After eight weeks, Toby is well. He leaves the hospital and goes home.
The question is: The words "Toby is in a coma." may mean    _  .
The possible answers are:
A:Toby can't wake up or talk
B:Toby must leave the hospital
C:Toby needs to play sports
D:Toby is very healthyThe crowd stopped their talks as the runners came to the starting line. At this moment, all eyes were on two people, Mark, the favorite for the gold medal, and Jim, a new face to all.
Mark had won a lot of competitions in 3000 meters and was thought to be the finest runner in the country. Until a few months before, Jim was almost unknown outside his hometown. But he had won one competition after another, which was a big surprise. Many people thought Jim would also do very well this time. It was going to be an exciting race.
Bang! The race started. For the first half, Jim ran with Mark in the leading group. At 1700 meters, Jim was about one meter behind Mark. Suddenly, the crowd stopped cheering. Mark fell and lay on the grass. He tried to get up, but he had been injured and was out of the race.
The crowd believed that Jim had tripped( ) Mark and they began to shout at him. Jim looked back and slowed down. Then  _ . But the race was over for Jim, too. He was far behind others now. Jim was very unhappy because of what had happened.
Later, after the judges   had studied the video of the race, they decided that Jim had done nothing wrong . Jim went to see Mark and said, "I'm sorry for ..." "It's not your fault. I got injured myself in the leg. Such a thing never happens to me. I've got to see the doctor,"
The two went on to become good friends and were often seen training together.
The question is: The crowd stopped cheering suddenly because   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:it began to rain heavily
B:Mark fell and lay in the grass
C:Jim was about one meter behind Mark
D:Jim ran with Mark in the leading group.Jimmy is at school now. He is in the classroom, but he can't find his schoolbag. Where is it? Is it lost? Oh, no! It is in his room. He doesn't take   it to the school. He calls his sister Sally and asks her to take his school things to the school. Here are his school things.
His schoolbag is on the chair. Under the chair is his pencil box. His notebook is on the desk. His dictionary is on the bed. His pencils aren't in the pencil box. They're on the sofa.
Oh, Sally, don't forget  to take his baseball. Jimmy always plays baseball after school. But where is his baseball? Oh, it's under the table.
The question is: Sally is Jimmy's  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:mother
B:sister
C:cousin
D:friendI had never really liked reading and thought it was a waste of time. But once my teacher told our class to go to the library and find our favorite books. I love basketball, so I picked out a basketball book. It was called "Hoops" by Water Dean Myers. It is a good novel, and suitable for basketball lovers.
This story is about a high school ball player named Lonnie. Lonnie lives in a poor family in Harlem, New York. He is a good basketball player and dreams of playing basketball in college, and of course in the NBA. When Cal, his new coach, walks into his life, he just wants to keep away from him. But at last they become friends and face many challenges together.
I am now reading more of Walter Dean Myers' books. A lot of his books are about growing up in Harlem, just like he did. However, I like "Hoops" best. From Lonnie, you will learn that the people around you really affect who you are, and how much it helps to have the support of family and friends in your life.
This book also makes me think about how hard it would be to grow up in a rough  neighborhood. I have realized that we must believe in ourselves when life gets hard. I have learned a lot from this book, and I think anyone will learn much after reading it.
It is a good story, and I really suggest that everyone read it. I hope you will enjoy this book as much as I do.
The question is: The writer wrote the passage to   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:show his interest in reading
B:teach readers how to play basketball
C:suggest readers read the book "Hoops"
D:tell something about Walter Dean MyersWe moved into a beautiful two-story old house. The house was built in 1956. It was repaired in 2003.
At first, really small things began to happen. They didn't make me believe that something was wrong, but as time went on, things started becoming stranger and stranger. Early something was missing, and later on it would be found somewhere else. I just thought I had forgotten where I put it, or perhaps my daughter was playing around with things. Then later on I would hear strange sounds when nobody was at home but me. . . yet it was an old house, and sometimes old houses did make little noises, so again, I didn't really mind.
Then things that I couldn't explain started happening. It was last November and I was at home alone cleaning the house. When I was sweeping the kitchen floor, I felt a very cold wind blowing my hair. I thought the kitchen window must have been opened, but when I checked it, it was closed. The windows were new, and there was no way any cold air came in.
We all felt very strange and moved away from there in October, 2014. I was never really frightened. It was just strange, like something or someone was trying to get my attention or something.
The question is: _  when the writer was sweeping the kitchen floor last November.
The possible answers are:
A:Lights turned on suddenly
B:A very cold wind blew in from the open window
C:A very cold wind blew her hair
D:The windows were openedHe found the boy's father in the hall waiting worriedly.
On seeing him, the father cried out, "Why did you take all this time to come? Don't you know that my son is in danger? Don't you have any sense of duty?"
The doctor smiled and said, "I am sorry. I wasn't in the hospital and I came as fast as I could after receiving the call and now, I wish you'd calm down so that I can do my work."
"Calm down?! What if your son was in this room right now? Would you calm down? If your own son dies while waiting for a doctor, then what will you do?" said the father angrily.The doctor smiled again and replied, "We will do our best and you should also pray  for your son's healthy life."
The surgery took some hours after which the doctor went out happy, "Thank goodness!Your son is saved!" And without waiting for the father's reply he carried on his way running by saying, "If you have any questions, ask the nurse."
"Couldn't he wait some minutes so that I can ask about my son's state?" shouted the father when seeing the nurse minutes after the doctor left.
The nurse answered, tears coming down her face. "His son died yesterday in a road accident. He was at the burial   when we called him for your son's surgery. And now that he saved your son's life, he left running to finish his son's burial."
,.
The question is: What is the best title for the text?
The possible answers are:
A:Seeing is believing
B:Time waits for no man
C:Practice makes perfect
D:Think before you decidePeople often say that an Englishman's home is his castle. They mean that the home is very important and personal. Most people in Britain live in houses rather than in flats, and many people own their homes. They can paint and change them in any way they like. In a crowded city everyone knows that he or she has _ space that is only for himself or herself and for invited friends.
People usually like to mark their space. Are you sitting on a beach or a train or in a library? If you are on the beach you may have spread your sands around you; on the train you may have put your coat or a small bag on the seat beside you; in a library you may have one corner or chair which is your own.
Once I was traveling on a train to London. I was in a section for four people and there was a table between us. The man sitting opposite me had his bag on the table. There was no space on my side of the table at all. I was made rather angry. Maybe he thought that he owned the whole table! I took some newspapers out of my bag and put them on his. When I did this he sat up straight at once, opening his eyes wide. I had invaded his space! A few minutes later, I took my newspapers off his bag in order to read them. He at once moved his bag to his side of the table.
The question is: According to the passage, if an Englishman is on the beach, he will probably   _   to show his own space to others.
The possible answers are:
A:cover himself with sands
B:sit in another person's chair
C:spread sands around him
D:talk loudly with his friendsNasreddin woke up in the middle of the night and saw something white in his garden. It seemed to be moving towards the house.
That is a thief ! He thought, and he took his gun and shot  at him. Then he went back to bed, because he was too frightened) to go out of the house in the dark.
The next morning Nasreddin went out and saw one of his white shirts hanging on the clothes-line in the garden, his wife had washed it the day before and hung it out to dry. Now it had a bullet- hole right through middle of it.
My God, said Nasreddin, I was lucky last night. If I had been wearing that shirt, the bullet would have killed me! And he called his neighbours together and asked them to thank God for saving him.
The question is: He called his neighbors together in order to  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:make a speech
B:tell the story
C:thank God
D:thank themA businessman, who was very fond of music, was asked by a poor widow to give her some help. Her husband, who was a musician, had died, and left her very poor indeed.
The businessman saw that the widow and her daughter, who was with her, were in great distress. He looked with pity into their pale faces, and was sure that their sad story was true.
"How much do you want, my good woman?" said the businessman.
"Five dollars will save us," said the poor widow, with some hesitation, after she thought for a few seconds.
The businessman sat down at his desk, took a piece of paper, wrote a few lines on it, and gave it to the widow with the words, "Take it to the bank you see on the other side of the street."
The widow thanked the man, and then quickly walked to the bank with her daughter, without stopping to read the note. The banker at once counted out fifty dollars instead of five, and passed them to the window.
She was amazed when she saw so much money. "Sir, there is a mistake here." she said. "You have given me fifty dollars, and I asked for only five."
The banker then looked at the note once more, and said, "The check calls for fifty dollars."
The banker then asked her to wait a few minutes, while he went to see the businessman who gave her the note.
"Yes," said the businessman, when he had heard the banker's story, "I did make a mistake. I wrote fifty instead of five hundred. Give the poor widow five hundred dollars, for such honesty is poorly rewarded   with even that sum."
The question is: The businessman's last sentence at the end of the story means   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:the banker should give the widow some money to reward her for her honesty.
B:he felt better if he gave the widow fifty dollars instead of five hundred
C:the widow was poor, so she would get a sum of five hundred dollars.
D:the widow was honest, so she should get more money as a reward.Donald was not very good at math. He couldn't understand the teacher's explanations. Even when the teacher explained something a second time, Donald Still couldn't understand it.
"Never mind." Donald told himse1f, "I'm quite good at other subjects. I'll cheat in the math exam to get a good grade, then I won't be in trouble. "
"I'll sit next to the boy who does best in math," he thought, "and copy down this answers."
The day of the exam came, and Donald sat next to Tommy, who was always at the top of the class in math. Donald carefully copied Tommy's answers onto his own exam paper. At the end the exam, the teacher collected the papers and graded them in time.
Then she said, "well, boys and girls, I've decided to give a prize to the student who got the highest grade. It's difficult for me to decide who I'll give the prize to one of them."
The students were surprised when they heard this. They said, "That's not fair. They got the same grade."
"That's true." the teacher said, "However, Tommy's answer to Question 18 was 'I don't know' while Dona1d's was 'Neither do I ' ."
The question is: The teacher decided to give the prize to  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:Tommy
B:Donald
C:both Tommy and Donald
D:either Donald or TommyBill is only fifteen years old,but he's already very rich.Two years ago,Bill began a football website for young people. "I became interested in computers when I was 8 years old  because my father's job is with computers.As a little boy,I also loved football and so I decided to make a website,especially for people of my age."
Bill started the "Football OK!" website two years ago,and now more than 20,000 people visit it every day.
Bill is a schoolboy and a businessman as well.He usually gets up at six o'clock and looks at his e-mails.Then he goes to school from nine to four.In the evenings,he always works for about four hours on his website.
Bill's next plan is a new website." At the moment I am thinking about a new website on American football,maybe for next year."
And is Bill the same person that he was three years ago? "'No,I am very different now.I have met a lot of interesting people on the website and I have traveled all over the world." Bill doesn't know about the future."Maybe I will sell the websites. I really don't know.I'll just wait and see."
Some people say that when he is 21,Bill will be a millionaire . He always says, " _ "!
The question is: What does Bill do now?
The possible answers are:
A:A schoolboy and businessman
B:A businessman
C:A schoolboy
D:A computer programmerAs space science develops, man has learned more and more about space. Space is not only amazing but also dangerous. While working in space, spacemen are facing danger as well as success.
Scientists have found out that _ to spacemen in space. When spacemen are working in space, they are in danger of radiation from the sun and other stars, which is bad for their health. The damage  done by radiation won't be discovered until their children or even grandchildren are born. Some special medicine may work a little, but no really helpful medicine has been.
Space junk is also thought _ It's reported that there are 9,000 man-made things flying in space. About 30% of these are satellites, 10% are spaceships, and the rest are space junk. An explosion  in 1996 made a cloud of 300,000. _ , each at least 4mm in size, and even a small piece of these knocked against a spaceship window and did some damage. Scientists are watching and reporting any possible danger all the time. They are working on helpful ways to do with space junk.
Although space is really dangerous, it interests everyone on the earth. In the near future, it may become usual for people to spend a few days in a space hotel. We may even choose to leave the earth and live in space in a few years. So we should care for space and do something to help improve the space environment.
The question is: The best title  of the passage is_.
The possible answers are:
A:Space Radiation
B:Space Danger
C:Space Junk
D:Space TravelThree kids have been learning chemistry for only a few months. But they have already begun to challenge   a world famous scientist!
Li Weichi, Huang Runling, and Xiao Yan are from Zhongshan Huaqiao Middle School in Guangdong. They have just found a red cabbage that could be a new kind of acid-base indicator  . They want it to take the place of litmus   paper.
"We've learnt to think of and ask questions about life by ourselves," said Li, "We work well with each other."
British scientist Robert Boyle discovered the use of litmus paper over 300 years ago. Now it is used widely in experiments all over the world.
But when the kids did some experiments in class last winter, they saw that the litmus paper didn't turn very blue with base matter. It's hard to get a clear result.
Will there be a better indicator than litmus paper? The three kids decided to try and find out!
How? They went to collect over 40 plants in parks, gardens and markets. Then they ground   leaves, flowers and stems   to get the pigments   from them.
The kids mixed pigments with acid and base. They spent months watching carefully to see which paper showed the best colour change. They decided it was the litmus paper!
"It's our first scientific journey, Huang said, "But it makes me want to try harder."
The question is: From the text, a red cabbage is a kind of   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:plant
B:animal
C:paper
D:liquidHello, everyone! My name is Bob. I have a good friend. His name is Bill. He is a dog. I like him very much.
Every morning Bill runs with me, and we play in the park every afternoon. Bill is very fat . He likes eating beef hamburgers for breakfast. For dinner, he likes fish. Bill likes red. He has two red hats. Look! They are on my bed.
But Bill is lost   now. Please help me. My telephone number is 3123216. Many thanks!
The question is: According to the passage, which of the following is NOT true?
The possible answers are:
A:Bill is Bob's friend.
B:Bill has two red hats.
C:Bob's telephone number is 3123216.
D:Bob likes eating beef hamburgers for breakfast.Mrs. Jackson was a rich woman. She had many friends. She liked cooking very much and she often invited her friends to her big house.
One day, she invited some of her friends to lunch. She wanted very much to try a new way of cooking a fish, and she was very pleased with herself when the dish was ready. The fish was very hot, so she put it near the open window to make it cool. But five minutes later, when she came back for it, she was surprised to see her neighbor's cat, Mike, eating the fish. She was in time to stop the cat before it was too late. That afternoon everything was good and all her friends liked the fish very much. They talked until four o'clock. Then they said goodbye and left.
At the end of that afternoon, when she was alone again, Mrs. Jackson was very tired but happy. She was sitting in the chair just near the window. Then through the window, she was surprised to see her neighbor's cat dead in the garden! Why, the fish must be bad! What would happen to her friends? She telephoned her family doctor at once. The doctor told her to call each of her friends to see him at the hospital. At last, the danger was over.
Once again, Mrs. Jackson was alone in her chair in the sitting-room, still tired but no longer happy. Just then the telephone rang. It was her neighbor. "Oh, Mrs. Jackson, Mike is dead. He was killed by a car and put in your garden...".
,.
The question is: Why did Mrs. Jackson put the fish near the open window?
The possible answers are:
A:Because she didn't cook the fish.
B:Because she wanted to give the fish to the cat.
C:Because she wanted to cool the fish.
D:Because she wanted to show how delicious the fish was.My father was lame  and very short. I was very shy to be seen with my father when I was growing up. When we walked together, he used to put his hand on my arm for balance, and people would stop to watch us. So I didn't like to go out with him. Sometimes my mother left our town to see her sister, and I had to helphim instead of my mother. I didn't say much as we went along. As we started out, he always said, "You can walk fast. And I can keep up with you."
We usually walk to the subway, by which he went to work. He went to work though he was sick or it was bad weather. He almost never missed a day, and could get to the office on time even if others could not. When snow or ice was on the ground, it was impossible for him to walk even with other person's help. At such times my sister or I would pull him across the streets on a child's sleigh  to the subway entrance.
When I think of it now, I am surprised how much courage  he had to make his way to the office. I never heard my father _ it. Now he has been gone many years, but I think of him often. I really want to tell him how sorry I feel for it and how deeply I love him.
The question is: When the writer walked with his father,   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:he thought it pleasant to help his father
B:he told his father a lot about his school
C:he felt proud of his father
D:he felt shy of walking with his fatherLuke Dollar is a scientist. He has spent many years in Madagascar studying lemurs  . Here is an interview with him.
Reporter: What were you like as a kid?
Luke: As a kid, I was an explorer  . I lived with my grandparents on a farm in Alabama. I spent a lot of time outdoors. It was a lot of fun and I enjoyed that. From the time I was 6 to 16 years old I was an actor. My mom asked me to audition   for a show in Birmingham. I asked my mom to buy me some video games and she agreed, so I went for it and finally got the part. Later, I became a professional actor. For many years I went all over the US performing on different stages.
Reporter: How did you start to study lemurs?
Luke: When I was on the farm, I was really a wild child and came to love wild things. I did a lot of photography   in high school. I became a photographer and did photography for the local paper. Then I became a student of Duke University. At Duke University there is a center -- Lemur Center. I got a job there as a work-study student and met lemurs there for the first time. In 1994, I had a chance to go to Madagascar and decided to study lemurs there.
The question is: Which of the following is TRUE according to the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:Luke acted for the first time at the age of 16.
B:Luke's grandfather used to be a photographer.
C:Luke started the Lemur Center at Duke University.
D:Luke came to love wild things when he was a kid.You can't look good if you are not healthy. And one way to be healthy is to do exercise.
Football, tennis, volleyball and swimming are all good for you. Muscle   exercise is also important. You can exercise at school or at home. Boys can do push-ups   and girls can do sit-ups  .
But there are some don'ts here:
First, stay away from weight lifting  . It's bad for you, because it gives too much stress   to your body and you can't grow tall if you practise often. You should exercise for about an hour a day, and three days a week. On the other days, don't exercise too much. Exercising too much is not a good idea.
Don't go running for a long time. Running for a long time makes you tired.
Don't want fastresults  . Your muscles will grow when you get older. If you want to be healthy and strong, exercise and healthy food are the best way. But don't think you can make it in one day.
The question is: What's the best title   for the article?
The possible answers are:
A:Exercise Is Interesting
B:Be Careful With Exercise
C:Let's Do Exercise
D:Bad ExerciseMy Favorite Sweater
My favorite sweater grew too small.
I loved that sweater best of all.
My grandma made it when I was three.
She made that sweater just for me.
I picked the yarn , a special blue.
The color of bluebells .wet with dew .
When I was three I was very small,
But now I'm five and much too tall.
I have a new jacket now that's green,
So I gave my sweater to our cat Queen.
Queen just had babies out in the shed .
My favorite sweater is now in their bed.
The question is: We can read the passage in a book about   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:animals
B:history
C:time
D:poetryMiss Green came into the classroom with a piece of paper. There was a big black dot  in the middle. Miss Green put up this piece of paper and asked, "What can you see in the middle of the white paper?" All the children watched the black dot. " A black dot," they answered quickly. "But can't you see this piece of white paper? The black dot is like unlucky things in our life. If we only see the dark dot, how can we be happy?"
The classroom was very quiet at the moment. Miss Green took out another piece of paper from her bag. This was a piece of black paper with a white dot in the middle.
"what can you see, kids?" she asked the children with a smile on her facc.
"A white dot," the children answered loudly.
Miss Green smiled, "My children, although we may be happy or worried in our life, it is just like the clouds in the sky. The clouds can lift  quickly and the sun can come out soon. You can be a happy child with the sun in your eyes all the time."
The question is: Where is the black dot?
The possible answers are:
A:In the middle of the black paper.
B:On the right of the white paper.
C:In the middle of the white paper
D:On the left of the black paper.Doctor Seuss was born in 1904. By the middle 1950s, he had become one of the best-loved and most successful children's book writers in the world. His books are very popular with young readers. They enjoy the invented words and the pictures of unusual funny animals and plants.
In 1954, life magazine published a report about school children who could not read. The report said many children's books were not interesting. Doctor Seuss strongly hoped to help children and decided to write books that were interesting and easy to read. He used words with the same ending sound, like fish and wish. He did not receive training in art. Yet, he drew the pictures for most of his books.
In 1957, Dr. Seuss wrote The Cat in the Hat. He used less than 230 words to write the book and even a six-year-old should be able to read it. It was a fun story and easy to read. Children loved it. Their parents loved it, too. Today it is still one of the stories they like best. The success of The Cat in the Hat made him want to write more books for children. In 1960, he wrote a book using less than fifty words. The book is called Green Eggs and Ham.
In 1984, Doctor Seuss won a Pulitzer Prize  . He was honored for the education and enjoyment his books provided American children and their parents.
He died at the age of 87, but his influence remains. Millions of his books have been sold worldwide. People say his books helped change the way American children learned to read. Yet, his books are loved by people of all ages. Doctor Seuss once said, "I do not write for children. I write for people."
The question is: Which of the following is TRUE according to the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:Doctor Seuss wrote Green Eggs and Ham with over 230 words.
B:Doctor Seuss wrote books only for children in the United States.
C:The Cat in the Hat was written only for six-year-old children.
D:His books provided education and enjoyment for Americans.It is a Sunday morning. There are many children in the beautiful park. They are having a good time. Some are playing games under a big tree.
Some are singing and dancing. Some boys and girls are running up the small hill. Others are boating on the lake.
Where is Dick ? He is sitting by the lake. What's he doing? He is drawing.
Look ! What is Jane doing? She is on the grass. She is running after a nice butterfly. She wants to get it.
The question is: The children  _  under the big tree.
The possible answers are:
A:are dancing
B:are singing
C:are running up the tree
D:are playing gamesIn the 1920s and 30s the airlines were just beginning. It was unusual for people to travel by air because it was expensive and dangerous. In those days, there were no flight attendants to look after the passengers. Young men ,or "stewards" helped the passengers onto the airplane and carried the passengers' luggage but they did not provide food and drinks. _ 
Ellen Church was born in 1904 on a farm in Iowa. She was a different child. She didn't want to work on a farm or marry a farmer --she wanted a more adventurous life. Ellen studied to be a nurse at the University of Minnesota and then got a job in a hospital. For the next few years she stayed at the hospital but also took flying lessons and got her pilot's license.
Ellen was twenty-five years old when she first got in touch with Boeing Air Transport. She loved flying but she understood that airlines were a man's world. Although women like Emelia Earheart were becoming famous, she realized it was impossible for a woman to have a career as a pilot .But she had another idea. Most people were frightened of flying because. flying was still an unreliable  way to travel. There were often delays ,many crashes and the bad weathers made many passengers sick. Ellen thought nurses could take care of passengers during flights and B.A.T. agreed.
The young woman from Iowa and seven other nurses became the first air stewardesses.
At first pilots were unhappy because they did not want stewardesses on airplanes, but passengers loved the stewardesses. In 1940 there were around 1000 of them working for different airlines. The early "stewardesses" had to be under twenty-five-year-old, single and slim. When a woman joined an airline, she had to promise not to get married or have children. It was hard job and not well paid. They worked long hours and earned $1 an hour.
In the 1970s, stewardesses were unhappy in their job and airlines had to make some changes. Since the 1970s, "stewardesses" have been called flight attendants. They are well paid and work fewer hours than in the past.
The question is: The passage mainly talks about   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:the background of early flying pilots
B:the experience of flying passengers
C:the history of early flight attendants
D:the development of airplanesMy name is Eric. I know many students like going to the movies and I'm sure that different people like different kinds of movies . Well ,what kind of movies do you like? Last Monday I went to a school and asked some students about their favorite movies. Here are some of their answers.
Jack, an 11-year-old boy, likes watching scary movies. He thinks scary movies are scary but exciting .His classmates.Alice,13,can't stand documentaries  . She thinks they are boring and they are for parents. But she really likes comedies because they are funny. James, a big boy ,doesn't mind documentaries. But he doesn't like comedies because he thinks they are not exciting!
The survey showed that the most popular movies were action movies. Most of the students enjoyed them very much.
The question is: What are the most popular movies for most of the students?
The possible answers are:
A:Documentaries
B:Comedies
C:Scary movies
D:Action movies.One day Mrs. Wilson went shopping with Tracy and Ben. They went to the supermarket in the new shopping center." Why do you buy things here?" Tracy wanted to know. "Because they are cheaper here than at the corner store near our home," Mrs. Wilson said." Help me check the prices, please." The Wilsons were not rich and Mrs. Wilson was always careful with her money. She looked carefully after the prices of things. She bought lots of things in the supermarket. When they got home, the children said," We don't think you saved money by going to the supermarket." "Of course I did," Mrs. Wilson said. " Everything was cheaper there." "We know," the children said," but we came home by taxi because we had too much to carry. The taxi fare was more than the money that you save! " Mrs. Wilson added everything up. Her children were right.
The question is: The things at the corner store were   _  than those in the supermarket.
The possible answers are:
A:cheaper
B:nicer
C:more expensive
D:saved a little moneyA man goes into a restaurant one day. His clothes are very nice. He sits down at a table near the window.
A waiter comes to him and says, "Can I help you, sir?" The man says, "Yes, please. Can I see the menu  ?"
"Sure," answers the waiter. The man wants a good meal and he wants a lot of nice dishes. After a moment, the waiter brings them to him. The man has his meal happily. At this time, a boy comes in and sits down besides the man. He asks the waiter to give him ice cream. The man says, "I will be back in 5 minutes." Then he goes out. After the boy eats his ice cream, he stands up and goes to the door. "Excuse me, your father doesn't give the money for the meal and your ice cream," the waiter stops him and says.
"Father? You are wrong. He is not my father. I do not know him. I meet him in the street. He says he'll give me ice cream when I come here at twelve o'clock."
The question is: The waiter stops the boy because   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:the boy wants to run away
B:the boy doesn't have the meal
C:the boy's father comes back soon
D:the man doesn't give money for the meal and the ice creamYou may know May Day, but do you know Lei Day? Like May Day, Lei Day is also celebrated   on May 1st. People wear leis   on this day. A lei is a big circle usually made of flowers . On Lei Day, people give leis to each other. Where do you know this holiday is celebrated? Hawaii, of course! People give leis on birthdays, weddings   and as a way to say "I love you". In 1928, a writer, Don Blanding, wrote an article saying that this tradition should become a holiday. Another writer, Grace Tower Warren, thought of the idea of celebrating this day on May 1st and said, "May Day is Lei Day."On this day in 1928, people wore leis and celebrated with music, dancing and a lei-making competition. The next year, Lei Day became a public   holiday. Today, people still celebrate Lei Day in Hawaii. We hope they all have a happy May Day and a happy Lei Day!
The question is: What do people give each other on Lei Day?
The possible answers are:
A:Clothes.
B:Books.
C:Leis.
D:Cakes.He is quiet and shy. He likes to hide his eyes behind his hair. He doesn't smile very often. However, if you talk to him about music, he'll have a lot to say.
This is Jay Chou,the 24-year-old Taiwanese pop king .  His fans are so excited because he will sing songs in Beijing on September 12. Those songs are from his new album  , "Ye Huimei", and the album was released   in July and was named after his mother.
Chou grew up just with his mother. He did not talk much and did badly in many school subjects.
His mother noticed the boy's special interest in music and sent him to learn piano when he was only three years old. He loved it and kept on practicing.
Chou is not very handsome. He does not speak clearly when he sings or talks. But the singer has huge crowds of fans. "He is really good at music. It makes him attractive  to me," said Liu Jiajun, a Junior 2 student in No.101 Middle School in Beijing.
"He is true to himself. He never follows others," said Zhang Yujie, a Junior 1 girl at Huaibei Middle School in Sihong,Jiangsu Province.
,.
The question is: When he was a little child, he   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:talked a lot every day
B:did well in his study at school
C:started to like music
D:had huge crowds of fansI'm a boy. My name is Zhao Ming. I am in No. 34 Middle School. I am in Class 1. My English teacher  is Mr Wang. My Chinese  teacher is Miss Wu. They are good teachers. I love them. I have  a good friend. His name is Tom. He is an English boy.
The question is: Zhao Ming is a   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:girl
B:boy
C:friend
D:teacherMy name's Molly. I'm a lion. I am three years old .My favorite food is meat and I like to eat little animals .I like the forest ,but I live in the zoo now, I live in a big cage. I can't run and I can't see my parents,I don't like the zoo or the cage. Every day I get up in the cage ,I have breakfast,lunch and dinner in the cage. I sleep in the cage .I really want to run in the forest and live with my parents.
The question is: Molly lives in the   _   now.
The possible answers are:
A:forest
B:zoo
C:park
D:riverMy brother and I often fight with each other over small things. One day our father said to us, "Tomorrow we will take part in the Ray Home Sports Day. Both of you must go with me. Perhaps you can learn something from those children." My brother laughed, "Dad, Ray is a home for physically disabled children. What can we learn from them?"
"You will see," our father said.
Our father works as a volunteer at Ray. The children there have problems with their hands, speech, walking or hearing. Every day, he spends hours helping them to move or exercise their legs or arms.
The following day, he took us to Ray Home. When we got there, we found a nice place to sit down. Finally, the sports began. There was a 50-meter race to see who could run fastest. All the runners were physically disabled. As the race started, all the children moved as fast as they could. Just then, one of the girls fell over and hurt her leg. She began to cry at the top of her voice.
All the children stopped to help the poor girl. Then they all held hands and finished the race together. My brother and I were surprised to see this: the children weren't interested in winning the race-they were more interested in helping each other to finish the race.
The question is: Why did all the children stop in the 50-meter race stop?
The possible answers are:
A:All the children were disabled.
B:A little girl fell over and got hurt.
C:They stopped to laugh at the girl.
D:They didn't want to finish the race.Please do not leave your valuables in your room unattended.
The hotel provides safe deposit boxes at the reception desk.
When you leave the hotel, please put your key at the reception desk.
PLEASE DO NOT
TALK TO OR
DISTRACT THE
DRIVER WHEN THE
BUS IS MOVING.
PLEASE PAY
EXACT FARE.
The local government has
advised skaters not to go out on
the central pond today.
There is a danger of the ice
breaking. Skaters are advised to
enjoy their sport at the local
indoor ice rink   instead
SALE
Sports fans
Don't miss out!
Tennis rackets - down to $15
Basketballs - down to $ 10
Aerobic wear - from just $ 10
Swimwear--from just $5
First five people in the store today
will meet Yao Ming .
Hotel Rendezvous
30   Kings Road
Swindon
UK
23/04/07
Mr. & Mrs. Biggs
80 Cuscaden Road
London
Dear Mr. & Mrs. Biggs,
We are pleased to confirm your reservation as follows:
Date:21-23 June (2 nights)
Room: double
Rate: $120 a night
The question is: How much should the Biggers pay for the Hotel Rendezvous each night?
The possible answers are:
A:$60
B:$480
C:$120
D:$240Want to know what we can do to help make our city a better place to live in? Why not take part in "Clean & Green weekend"? Join us, and you can make new friends and help protect the environment at the same time.
Park Life
Do you like hanging out in the park with your friends? If so,why not take the chance to come with us and tidy up the park as you go?To add some fun, there is a gift for the person who collects the most rubbish! Meet us at the south entrance to Taohe Park at 9 a.m. next Saturday if you want to join in.
The Air You Breathe
A great way to make the air we breathe cleaner is by planting lots of trees!It is a fact that trees slowly filter a lot of pollutants from the air. So come and help us plant some new ones in Fenhe Park at 2 p.m. next Sunday.
War on Graffiti 
Some people think graffiti is cool. Well, it is not! The best way to stop buildings from becoming totally covered in ugly graffiti is to get rid of it as soon as possible. And that is exactly what we are going to do. We are repainting the school walls from 1 p.m. on Saturday. You don't have to bring any tools, just remember to wear some old clothes!
,.
The question is: The students who want to join in the rubbish collecting activity must meet  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:at 1 p.m. on Saturday
B:at 2 p.m. next Sunday
C:at 9 a.m. next Saturday
D:at 3 a.m. on SundaySummer Camp
Contact  
Kitty 6219-7830
Are you looking for a place where you can enjoy Chinese study and experience Chinese culture during the summer holiday? Hua Mandarin could be your wise choice.
The new summer camp will start on July 28th and end on August 18th. We provide very small groups with 2-4 people for you to learn Chinese in an effective way. Activities including calligraphy  , painting, culture show, Chinese movies, kung fu, swimming, and so on will help you walk into Chinese culture with fun.
Welcome to call at 62197830  *  Kitty for more details.
Comments
The earlier camp finished last week. Students are happy here, although they have to learn a lot upon parents' request  . Teachers here are trying to help children to learn in a funny way.
Please sign in to add a comment. . .
The question is: If you want to take part in the new summer camp, you can call at    _   .
The possible answers are:
A:56791830
B:62187038
C:62197830
D:57917380Bill,a 13-year-old boy, thought he had grown up to be a man. But his parents told him, "You won't be a real man until you begin to think about helping others."
One moming, his parents gave him some money to buy some milk. Outside a shop he saw a homeless old~man who looked very sick. Bill went to him and asked. "what's wrong with you?"
The old man answered, "I'm hungry,I haven't had any food for two days".
"Let's go to the restaurant."
When they got there, Bill asked the waiter to bring out bread and coffee to the old man. The old man finished the meal quickly. Afier the waiter took away the plate and the cup, the old man said, "Sorry for giving you too much trouble. I'm fine now. I'Il never forget your kindness! You're a very good young man."
Bill was happy when he heard this. Just when he wanted to pay for the meal, the waiter came.To their surprise, Bill and the old man leamed that their food was free because it was the birthday of the boss, and they were the first customers that day.
The question is: The food in the restaurant is free because that day was  _  birthday.
The possible answers are:
A:Bill's
B:the old man's
C:the waiter's
D:the boss'sLong, long ago there was a very foolish thief. Do you know what he did one day? When he wanted to steal   the bell on his neighbor's door, he walked up to the door, took hold of   the bell and pulled hard. The bell made a very loud noise. The thief was afraid and went home.
Then he sat down to think, "I must do something about the noise," he said. He thought and thought. At last he had an idea. "Ah, I'll put some cotton in my ears. Then I won't be able to hear the noise." The next day he went to the door of his neighbor, and took hold of the bell. This time he pulled even harder. The bell rang loudly, but the thief did not hear anything. With another hard pull he got the bell out. Just then the neighbor came running out. "Steal my bell? I'll teach you a lesson  ,"the angry man shouted. And he hit the thief on the nose.
The foolish thief did not know how the neighbor found out he was stealing the bell. "Why did he come out just then?" he wondered  .
The question is: The neighbor ran out probably   because  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:he knew his doorbell was being stolen
B:he thought someone was eager   to visit him
C:He realized   something strange happened
D:Both B and CLast year when Tom graduated from school, he came to Taibei. He didn't like to work on his father's farm and hoped to find a job in a big city. He went from one company to another but no one wanted him. With little money left, he got to the station, sad and tired. All he wanted to do was go back to his small town. It was very late at night and the station was full of people. They were waiting to buy tickets of the last train. He bought the last ticket, and he was very happy.
At that time, a woman with a crying baby walked to him and asked him to sell her the ticket. He gave her the ticket because he thought they needed it more than he did. After the train left, he sat on the bench and didn't know where to go. Suddenly, an old man came and said, "Young man, I have seen what you did to the woman. I am the owner of a big company. I need a good young man like you. Would you like to work for me?
The question is: The old man wanted to   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:lend Tom some money
B:give Tom a job
C:say "Thank you " to Tom
D:sit on the bench with TomMr. Smith is thirty one .He is tall and heavy  , and he has short hair . He likes children and his job .He works at school and gives  the children classes from Monday to Friday .He often has much work to do , but he often plays games with his students after school .All his students like him very much .On Sunday he drives  to his parents' house and stays with his father and mother .Sometimes he goes to see his friends on Sundays .He drives back to school on Monday morning .
The question is: Which is TRUE ?
The possible answers are:
A:He has a little work to do so he often plays with the children
B:He plays with the children from Monday to Friday .
C:He likes his students and plays games with them
D:He always works ,and doesn't play at all .Who would win in a competition to memorize numbers, a chimp   or a teenager? The teenager? Think again. Scientists have proved that chimps perform better than human beings when it comes to this kind of problem. We may have to rethink what we believe about human memory.
Memory is our ability to learn something, save it and recall it when needed. Our memories are important to our sense of self, our personalities, and our ability to understand the world.
Scientists say that there are different types of memory. There is short-term memory and long-term memory. Your short-term memory saves information for a few seconds or a few minutes. For example, the time it takes to compare the prices of a few items in a store. Long-term memory involves the information you try hard to keep, because it's meaningful to you (an example is data  about family and friends. ) And then there is visual memory and sound memory. But these are not hard and fast: scientists argue a lot about the nature of memory.
Scientists have also found that people memorize things in different ways. Some memorize better with the help of pictures. Others are helped more by sounds. One thing's for sure. If you can combine different kinds of memory together, you will remember a lot! So why not try pictures with English words? At the same time listen to recordings of the same group of words. It may help when it comes to memorizing it.
Imagination and association can be useful too. By imagination scientists mean picturing a word in your mind. Association means relating the word to something you already know.
The question is: How many kinds of memory are mentioned in the article?
The possible answers are:
A:2
B:3
C:4
D:5In Britain you're allowed to drive a car when you're seventeen. You have to get a special two-year driving license before you can start. When you're leaning, someone with a full license always has to be in the car with you because you aren't allowed to drive the car on the road alone. You don't have to go to a driving school --- a friend can teach you. The person with you isn't allowed to take money for the lesson unless he's got a teacher's license.
Before you're allowed to have a full license, you have to take a driving test. You can take a test in your own car, but it has to be fit for the road. In the test you have to drive round for about half an hour and then answer a few questions. If you don't pass the test, you're allowed to take it again a few weeks later if you want to. In 1970 a woman passed her fortieth test after 212 driving lessons! When you've passed your test, you don't have to take it again, and you're allowed to go on driving as long as you like. Britain's oldest driver was a man who drove in 1974 at the age of 100.
Before 1904 everyone was allowed to drive, even children. Then from 1904 car drivers had to have a license. But they didn't have to take a test until 1935. On the early days of car driving, before 1878, cars weren't allowed to go faster than four miles an hour and someone had to lead the car with a red flag.
The question is: In the driving test, one   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:can drive his own car but it must be fit for the road.
B:is usually asked to drive on roads for some time
C:has to be examined only in car driving skills
D:can drive around for more than an hourLook carefully at the back of a California state quarter.A man with a walking stick is pictured there.A bird called a California condor is flying overhead. Who is this man,and why is he so important that he is featured on the back of a coin?
The man on this quarter is John Muir.Even as a child, Muir loved watching nature. As a young man,he spent much of his life exploring the beauty of the wilderness.He walked more than a thousand miles across the country,through fields and woods.John Muir liked writing about the places he visited,describing their beauty.
Muir also wrote about problems.In order to create more farmland for sheep and cattle, rnany trees were being cut down.This made Muir unhappy and worried,because he knew that trees were important to forests and to the animals that lived in them.Muir believed that nature should be conserved instead of being changed by human beings.He wrote articles in magazines and newspapers to spread the word about conserving forests.Soon,others began to listen.
Muir wrote letters to important people,such as President Theodore Roosevelt.The president admired Muir's love for nature.When Roosevelt came to visit Muir in California. Muir convinced the president to go camping with him for three nights under the trees so they could talk about conservation.Later,President Roosevelt set aside 148 million acres of land for national forests and established five national parks.National parks are large areas of land that are protected from development. This means that people cannot build homes or businesses there. One of these parks is Yosemite National Park,the area that is featured on the back of the California quarter.
Though it has been almost one hundred years since John Muir died,people continue his work today.His work as a conservationist helped us to see the beauty of our natural world.John Muir made us understand the importance of protecting our earth and our resources---then,now,and for the future.
The question is: Why is John Muir featured on the back of a California state quarter?
The possible answers are:
A:Because he walked over a thousand miles across the country.
B:Because he helped people understand the importance of protecting the natural world.
C:Because he wrote articles to spread the word about conserving forests.
D:Because he once wrote several letters to President Theodore Roosevelt.How green are you? Do you know how to be green?
We all need a healthy environment, but we produce waste every day and it does harm to our environment. Though we are young,we can still do something to help. In fact, even the simplest everyday activities can make a real difference to the environment. Here are some ideas for you.
Reduce
Reduce means "use less",Don't waste things. This saves money and reduces pollution and waste going into the environment. Before we buy something new, think whether it is really necessary--or maybe the old one will be just as good! When we do buy things, choose local products if possible, and try not to buy too many things from abroad.
Reuse
Reuse means "use again". Use things for as long as possible. When we buy things,make sure that they last a long time. We should look after them so that they will last, and we should repair them if we can instead of throwing them away and buying new ones. Don't use a paper cup or a paper bag. It's better to use a china cup and a lunch box because you can use them again.
Recycle
Recycle means "change things into something else". Though it takes energy to change something into something else, it's better than throwing things away or burning them. Find out what can be recycled in your neighbourhood and take part in recycling programmes. We should also buy products made from recycled materials,such as recycled paper, to help save trees.
So please remember these three words:reduce, reuse and recycle.
The question is: Why is it better to use a china cup and a lunch box ?
The possible answers are:
A:You can burn them.
B:You can use them again.
C:you can throw them away.
D:You can change them into something else.Jack was born in a poor family. His father had a small boat and went fishing in the morning and sold the fish in the market in the afternoon. Then he bought some food for his family. When winter came, they were often hungry. One morning the hungry man fell into the river and nobody found him. Jack's mother left her three-year-old son without saying goodbye. His aunt had to look after him.
Twenty years passed. Jack became a tall, strong man. He worked on a farm. He worked hard and wanted to get more money to marry  . He often went to see his aunt with some nice presents. The woman was very happy. But one day she died   in a traffic accident  . The young man was very sad. After he buried   her, he decided to buy a beautiful tombstone   for her. He went to the town and came into a shop, but all the tombstones were too expensive. He asked, "Do you sell an old tombstone, sir?"
"Yes, we do, sir," answered the shopkeeper.
"Is it as expensive as the new one?"
"No, it is much cheaper," said the man. "But another name was engraved   on it."
"It doesn't matter," said the man. "My aunt could not read."
The question is: Jack wanted to buy an old tombstone because  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:he had not enough to buy a new one
B:his aunt could not know whose name was engraved
C:his aunt was not going to mind it
D:nobody knew what his aunt's name wasDadi Computer Company
LiuYing
Manager
45Nantou,Shenzhen 518000
Tel:0755-6561382
E-mail:ly@hot mail.com
Fax:0755-6660388
Chaoyang Foreign Language School
Chen Lijun
Music Teacher
65 Xigang,Dalian 116000
Tel:0411-4313861
E-mail:Chenlj@shoul.com
Fax:0411-4312789
Dongfang Children's hospital
Zhang Jing
Doctor
23 Taiping Road,Qingdao,Shandong 266000
E-mail:zhing@yahoo.com
Fax:0532-4313861
New Century Bus Company
SongWei
Baiwanzhuang,Beijing,China 100037
Tel:010-88488970 13501368855(mobile)
BP:63987120-30926
The question is: What does Chen Lijun do?
The possible answers are:
A:She is a manager.
B:She is a doctor.
C:She is a teacher.
D:She is a driver.Do you want to know something about children in Africa? What to they do for fun every day? Find out here:
Education
School is expensive for many African children. Lots of families can't afford school uniforms or exercise books even though they don't have to pay for school.
For those lucky enough to go to school , they have a lot to learn. Some take two language classes: English or French, and their first language. There is also math, science, history, social studies and geography. _ take up much of children's time after school. They have to get water and firewood for the family every day. Also there's cleaning , washing and helping Mum with the meal.
Daily fun
It's not all work and no play. Sports are very popular. Children can make goals with twigs ( )and their own footballs with plastic and bits of string (  ). They play in the country and the streets of old towns. There're many football teams for teenagers in Africa.
Internet
It's really expensive to get on the Internet. To surf the net for 20 hours costs over 600yuan. This is more than the average   monthly pay per person.
Egypt and South Africa are the top two users of the Internet in Africa. All of the capital cities there can get on the Internet.
Some schools offer computer lessons but few students can enjoy computer fun at home.
The question is: From the passage, we can infer   that in Africa  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:basketball is popular among children
B:children in Africa have to pay for school
C:some children in Africa have to take two foreign language classes
D:people in Egypt and South Africa may get higher pay than people in the other countriesCan you swim? Swimming is one of the most popular activities in summer. It can be learned early in life. Little children can learn to swim as soon as they walk. In fact, you need the same skills in walking as in swimming. However, I believe that five is the best age to learn it. By five or six, a child knows fear of water, a very important thing to know. It's wise to be afraid. The young understand that the water can sometimes be very dangerous.
When you swim, you should follow certain rules:
Never swim alone! No matter how good you are in the water, don't risk drowning by swimming alone. If you swim by yourself, you may get into trouble.
Don't go beyond your abilities. Most swimmers know it clearly not to swim too far from the bank or the beach.
Don't show off your skills by doing dangerous tricks.
Don't smoke. Swimming depends on a healthy body.
Work at any activity that builds muscles  .
The question is: According to the passage, you should not swim alone because  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:the water is too cold
B:your parents would not be happy
C:something in the water might attack
D:you might drownMary was a four-year-old girl. She was interested in drawing very much. Mary showed her drawings to everyone. She especially wanted to impress her father, but her dad always seemed to be too busy.
One day, Mary wanted to learn to draw houses. She used many hours to draw a really beautiful house with a big garden. Herself, Mom and Dad were looking out of the house. On the _ was the little dog, she wanted to have it so much.
"Look, mom!"
"Oh, Mary, this is so beautiful! Your best ever!"
Mary was very happy and said, "I'll show this to Dad now!"
She ran to the door of the room where her dad worked.
"Dad!" Mary knocked on the door. "I want you to see the house I made!"
"I'm sorry, Mary, I am busy. Can't you show it to someone else?" her dad answered in the room. Mary looked down at her drawing and her tears came down.
"I don't want to show it to anyone else. I want to show it to my dad. You're the only dad I have!"
Mary's mom felt so heavy in her heart and she got ready for a hug. But before she took another step, the door opened and Mary's dad appeared.
"I'm sorry Mary. I was foolish! Come here and we'll look at your drawing!"
Daughter and the only dad she had walked into the room to enjoy the child's beautiful work of art.
The question is: What's the best title of this passage?
The possible answers are:
A:You're My Only Dad.
B:My Drawing was the Best.
C:Buy a Lovely Dog for Me.
D:Parents Love Me.Hello! My name is Bill. I am twelve years old. I am from America. Now I am in a junior high school in Xiamen.
We have 20 boys and 25 girls in our class. My favorite teacher is Miss White. She is from Canada. She is 27 years old. She is tall. She has long brown hair. Her face is round and she has big eyes. She is a good teacher. She can speak English and Chinese.
I have a good friend here. His name is Mike. He is an English boy. We have the same age. My classmates are kind to me. We often help each other.
,A, B, C, D. (5)
The question is: They have   _   students in their class.
The possible answers are:
A:20
B:25
C:45
D:27Bruce Lee  was born in San Francisco, California in 1940. His farther was a movie actor. Young Bruce appeared in his first movie with his farther when he was only two months old. Bruce and his parents returned to their home in Hong Kong in 1941. Bruce began to act in Chinese movies at the age of six.
In Hong Kong, Bruce Lee began his life-long interest in the Chinese Kung Fu. He studied with Yip Man, a Kung Fu master. Bruce was also often seen in many street fights. His parents decided this must stop. They sent him back to the United States. He became a student at the University of Washington in Seattle. Later he opened a school to teach Kung Fu in Oakland,California.
In 1966, Bruce Lee acted in an American television series called The Green Hornet .The program was not a success, but many Hollywood movie actors began studying Kung Fu with him. He appeared in several other television programs.
Bruce Lee returned to Hong Kong in 1971 to act in a Chinese movie known in the United States as Fists of Fury. The movie was extremely popular in Asia. He followed this with another film, The Chinese Connection. It too was extremely popular.
In 1973, Bruce Lee made his most famous movie, Enter the Dragon. It was the first movie made between American and Chinese movie companies. It became _ which made Bruce Lee a world famous movie star.
Bruce Lee died a few weeks before the movie was put on. He was 32 years old. It's said that his early death ended what would have been a very successful movie career.
The question is: According to the passage, which of the following is true?
The possible answers are:
A:Bruce Lee set up a Kung Fu school while he was studying in Seattle.
B:It's the movie Fists of Fury that made Bruce Lee famous in the world.
C:Bruce Lee was only two months old when we first saw him in a movie.
D:Bruce Lee was sent back to America because of fighting often in the schoo1.Here's an advertisement from the newspaper.Read and choose the right answer to each
question.
WANTED: BABYSITED
Do you like children? Do you have free time in the afternoon? We need a babysitter for our son. He is six years old. Hours are Monday to Friday, 3.00p.m. to 6.00p.m. Sometimes you will work at the weekend. Pay is S10 per hour.
For the job, you will:
*Watch our son
*Read to him
*play with him
*You will work at our house. We live in London, near 10 Downing Street.
Please call (020)296--8956. Ask for Miss Smith
The question is: Which of these sentences is true?
The possible answers are:
A:Pay is more at weekends.
B:The babysitter must work six days a week.
C:The person must call Mr. Smith first.
D:The child is less than nine years old.Norman Bethune  Born in 1890 in Canada. A doctor Came to China in 1937. Died in 1939 in China.
Thomas Edison  Born in 1847, Kentucky, USA Made over 1,000 inventions .Died in 1931.
Celine Dion  Born in Quebec, Canada  In 1997, sang the song My Heart Will Go On for the film    Titanic   A singer.
Bill Gates    Born in 1955 in USA Wrote Business @ the Speed of Thought Owns Microsoft Company.
Mark Twain  Born in 1835 in USA A Writer Died in 1910 Wrote Tom Sawyer
The question is: My Heart Will Go On is the name of a   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:book
B:song
C:story
D:filmThe United States has many different kinds of climate .On the west coast ,the temperature changes very little between summer and winter,but the north central states have a very different kind of climate.In these states,people wear light clothes during the summer,and they need heavy wool or fur clothes in winter.
In the southwest,the climate is quite warm during the winter,but hot in summer.
In the eastern part of the United States,summer temperatures are very different from winter temperatures.Summers are usually hot,and winters are usually cold.Spring temperatures are comfortably warm,and autumn temperatures are quite cool.
Years ago,people in the cold areas of the United States did not often get vegetables and fresh fruits during the winter.Today trucks and trains carry fruits and vegetables very quickly to all parts of the United States.In this way,Americans"send their climate"to people in other states.
The question is: Which statement is true according to the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:Most states in America have almost the same climate.
B:The climate in the west of the USA is almost the same as that in China.
C:Now Americans don't worry about eating fresh fruits and vegetables.
D:In winter,most Americans have to wear heavy clothes.Sometimes children do not do what their parents tell them to do. When this happens, a parent tries to help the child to do the right thing. When this does not work, the parent usually punishes the child.
There are many things that a parent can do. One thing that people have done is to spank  the child. When a parent spanks a child, they will use their hand or a hard object to hit them on their bottom. This is meant to show the child that they have done something wrong.
One parent remembers being spanked when he was a child. His parents used a stick. When he spanked his own children with his hand, he saw that he put a red mark on his child's leg. He never did that again.
One problem with spanking is that it teaches the child to hit someone when they do not like what the other person is doing. Another problem with spanking is that the parent is usually angry and can hit the child too hard. Sometimes parents will use spanking for everything and not try other ways to get the child to do the right thing.
Many parents are not sure of what to do instead of spanking. Some people think that their religion  tells them that spanking is okay. Some think that the law lets them do it. The courts  say that parents have the right to teach their children how to do things right.
Other things should be tried before a parent decides to spank a child. Telling the child clearly what is wanted from them can be one thing. Giving a child more than one choice is another thing that can be tried. Getting down to the child's level and trying a more child- friendly way can help as well.
The question is: What does the writer think of spanking?
The possible answers are:
A:He agrees.
B:He disagrees.
C:He is interested
D:He is not interested.Mom:    Daniel, I need to talk to you about your behavior. Dad and I realize there is probably an explanation for why the house is so dirty, but you shouldn't have run out of the room and closed the door so hard like that.
Daniel:     Mom, I'm sorry, but I was so angry! You want me to act like an adult but you and dad treat me like a child. Why didn't you just ask me what had happened?
Mom:    Well, I know that grown-ups are supposed to make good decisions but sometimes we make mistakes. We were angry too. None of us stopped to think and we should have. Can you explain to me now why the house was a mess and what you did with the money we left?
Daniel: Spot was sick, Mom. Eric and I didn't want to call you and dad on your vacation, so I used the money you left and some of my own to take him to the vet. We stayed there and waited for him all day. That is why we didn't have time to clean the house.
The question is: Why did Daniel's mother talk with him?
The possible answers are:
A:Because Daniel stole the money.
B:Because she wanted to give Daniel a chance to explain.
C:Because Daniel was very angry.
D:Because Spot was badly ill.There is a famous saying from the French politician J.A. Brillat-Savarin that goes: "Tell me what kind of food you eat, and I will tell you what kind of man you are." It can be easy to not really think about what you eat. For example, whenever you go into a supermarket to buy a drink, it is all too easy to pick up an ice cream or a piece of chocolate as well. You might not even really want them, but sometimes their bright, nice packaging  can be too hard to refuse.
So, in our special food magazine we will show you why you should really pay more attention to what you eat! Food not only influences our health but also our beliefs, customs and personalities.
The first article will look at the way fast food is leading to obesity  . The famous cook, Jamie Oliver, has made it his purpose to introduce ideas about healthy eating. In a speech, Jamie Oliver told the world that during the 18 minutes that he gave his speech, four Americans would die because of the food that they ate! Obesity is also a growing problem in China. As China Daily reported in February, the number of obese people under the age of 18 in China has reached 120 million.
Jamie has worked for 10 years to try and fight this problem. Learning about food is important not just because of health problems but also because many people still don't have enough food today. And we know as the improvement of science sometimes we have to face genetically modified   food. Don't worry - we'll make you know more about all these topics in our special article!
We'll also tell you something interesting about food. For example, do you know what the largest food on the menu is all over the world? It's the roasted camel and it has been served for several hundred years, often stuffed   with chicken, lamb, egg, fish and rice!
Hopefully by the time you finish reading this edition , you'll pay more attention to the food that you eat. As Oliver says, food is something that can help us enjoy our life. It is important that we love it!
The question is: Food can influence us in many ways except our   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:health
B:beliefs
C:customs
D:dreamsWe use our smart phones to carry out many tasks every day. Many of us have become so _ on them. However, it is bad for our eyes and health to use too much phone.
A study shows that smart phone owners usually start to use their phones early in the morning. They check persona1 emails and Wechat. And before they get out of bed, many people often check the weather, read the news, and send a message or two to friends. After getting up, they often take photos of food, themselves, and even whatever they can see with their phones. They share their photos with their friends. The research finds that users pick up their phones more than l,500 times to do different tasks in an average  week. And the smart phone users are on their phone for three hours and sixteen minutes a day. That is to say, people use their phones for almost one full day each week.
Using phones will take much time and it's also bad for our health. Many people stay up late to play phones,  And mobile phones will influence our sleep. Without using the phones, many people will feel sad. Many owners also find they use their phones without realizing they're doing so.
How do you think people use their phones too much?
The question is: Before getting up, many people use their phones to do tasks, not including   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:checking weather
B:sending messages
C:reading news
D:taking photosMike lives in Zhengzhou of China. But he is from Canada. He is 12 years old this year. He speaks English. And he speaks Chinese a little. Mingming is his good friend. He is a Chinese boy. He often goes to the English Corner. He likes to speak English there. It helps him with English. Of course , he often helps Mike with Chinese. Mike has a pet at home. It is a dog. He likes it very much. _ . Mingming likes it, too. So he often plays with Wangwang in Mike's home.
The question is: Where does Mingming play with Wangwang?
The possible answers are:
A:in the English Corner
B:in Mike's home.
C:in Mingming's home.
D:in the schoolHouse For Sale
Red Rose Garden, Pudong
3-storey home. 509 sqm total land area. 428.8 sqm built-in. 312.9 sqm garden.
Asking for RMB 13 million.
MP: 13761973547     Tel: 021-58609228      Fax: 021-58609728
Job Wanted
Cherry, 24, a shining girl, good at oral English and Putonghua. Now I am working at an international trade company in Guangzhou. I am kind-hearted, hard-working and healthy, and would like part-time weekend work offering Putonghua lessons to foreign friends. If you are interested, please email me at cherrylf@hotmail. com.
Beijing Snow World Ski Park
Price: 18 yuan (Ticket).
50 yuan/hour on weekdays and 70 yuan/hour on weekends. 120 yuan/four hours on weekdays and 190 yuan/four hours on weekends.
The question is: If you want to ski for four hours on weekdays, how much money will you pay at least?
The possible answers are:
A:200 yuan.
B:280 yuan.
C:208 yuan.
D:138 yuan.Peter:   What are you doing for vacation, Steven?
Steven:  I'm visiting my aunt in San Francisco. My brother's staying there. He's joining a club.
Peter:   Oh? When are you going?
Steven:  Next Friday.
Peter:   How long are you staying?
Steven:  I'm staying at my aunt's home for four days. I'm going sightseeing in San Francisco, and then I'm seeing all of my friends New York. How about you?
Peter:   I'm going to the beach and my friends and I are also going hiking for a few days.
Steven:  Aren't you renting video tapes and relaxing at home?
Peter:   No, it's boring. We like outside activities.
The question is: Steven is staying in his aunt's house for   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:a week
B:four days
C:several days
D:two daysMy family makes the best chicken salad.Dad prepares all of the ingredients   and Mom makes the relish.There are a few things that make this chicken salad different from the other chicken salads.First,we use fruit jam in the relish.You can buy any fruit jam,like banana jam or orange jam.But we have bottles of strawberry jam that my mother made,so we use the strawberry jam.Second,we put some green olives .Green olives give the salad an interesting taste and make a big difference.Now let me tell you how my family makes the salad.
First,mix up all of the salad ingredients in a large bowl.The ingredients are chicken,tomatoes,green olives,onions and apples.If you like lettuce,you can also put some.Next,make the relish.Please mix the jam,the juice and the salt.Finally,mix the relish with the salad ingredients.
Do you have a favorite chicken salad recipe?Please tell us about it.You can write to greensalad@yahoo.com.
The question is: The passage is mainly about  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:the writer's favorite dish
B:all kinds of fruit salads
C:a different chicken fruit salad
D:the writer's familyAll students need to have good study habits .When you have good study habits, you learn things quickly. You also remember them easily.
Do you like to study in the living room? This is not a good place because it is usually too noisy. You need to study in a quiet place, like your bedroom. A quiet place will help you only think about one thing.
When you study, don't think about other things at the same time. Only think about your homework. If you do this, you will do your homework more quickly and you will make fewer mistakes.
Good study habits are very important. If you do not have them, try to learn them. If you are already good, try to make them better.
The question is: How do you learn things when you have good study habits?
The possible answers are:
A:All students need to have good study habits.
B:Do not think about other things.
C:We will learn thing quickly.,
D:Only think about our homework.How would we travel without maps? It would be a bit adventurous   to set off from Oxford University to go to London Bridge if there wasn't a map of the London Underground at each station. In fact, a lot of the early map-makers were adventurers and explorers, especially in the 15th and 16th centuries.
So what did people do before there were maps? Well, it was quite easy to use natural signs like mountains and rivers if you were travelling on foot or riding a horse. People took small boats down rivers and followed coastlines. And it was much more logical   to use time, not distance, to measure   journeys: the next village is a three-hour ride, for example.
In fact, in the earliest maps, people didn't draw landmarks. They drew the stars. It was very easy to see the night sky and use it for navigation  . The sky was a lot clearer before the light pollution from cities that we have today. When towns and cities were built, people drew road maps which gave correct distances and directions.
The London Underground was opened in 1863 and it also used a road map style. But a man called Henry Beck realized that travelling by train wasn't the same as driving your car across London. Passengers only needed to know which stations to change at. His new design   for the Underground map wasn't very popular with the train companies at first. But the passengers loved it and in 1933, 700,000 copies were printed.
These days, of course, you can ride a bike, drive a car or go through a forest and know where you are exactly, using a GPS. It's really difficult to get lost!
The question is: What was drawn in the earliest maps?
The possible answers are:
A:Stars.
B:Landmarks.
C:Cities and towns,
D:Mountains and rivers.It is not a good idea for children to have to work hard. Children should study in school as hard as they can. They should not have to do heavy work with their bodies. When parents or others force their children to work hard, the results are never good. Many may be very bad. If a farmer makes his son work like a man, he may easily learn to hate farming.
Children sometimes do too much in gardens, in shops, or even in their own homes. They soon begin to hate such work with a force, because that can destroy their happiness. But there may be a worse loss, child's love for its parents. The feeling may become something different. When that happens, the old kind of love never returns.
The question is: Children should not have to do   _  work with their bodies.
The possible answers are:
A:easy
B:good
C:heavily
D:heavy4-Day Beijing Culture Group Tour
Are you new to Shanghai? Do you want to see more of China? If the answer is yes, how about going to Beijing for the weekend? Visit the Great Wall and other places of interest, and enjoy Beijing Roast Duck.
Tour price: $590
Call us! 800-820-6222
8-Day Colorful Yunnan Group Tour
If you like a spring climate and clean air, then Yunnan is the place for you! Another true highlight  of the area is experiencing the cultures of minorities that live in this area.
Places to visit: Kunming, Dali, Lijiang
Tour price: $1,290
Call us: 800-820-8188
4-Day Beautiful Guilin Private Tour
Are you tired of city life? Do you want some fresh air? Then come to Guilin and Yangshuo for a few relaxing days to enjoy the river life, or just take it easy in one of the many cafes and bars.
Tour price:
1person $630
2-5persons $565
6-9persons $527
Call us: 800-810-6562
5-Day Sanya Private Tour
Sanya is famous for its wonderful sunshine, white sandy beaches and clear water. Instead of a busy trip, you can relax here by walking along the beaches and enjoying the fresh air!
Tour price:
1person $569
2-5persons $548
6-9persons $535
Call us! 800-810-5222
The question is: If you want to take a trip to the beach, you should call   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:800-810-6562
B:800-820-6222
C:800-820-8188
D:800-810-5222Jim, a young farmer, was once put into prison .
One day, he got aletter from his mother. "I'm so worried about our farm,"she wrote. "It'stime to plant potatoes. I can't dig  all the fields by myself.
Jim read the letter and became sad. "What can I do?" he thought. Then he had a good idea. He wrote to his mother, "Don't dig the fields, there's a pot  of money in the earth. Don't plant potatoes until I come home. "
Some days later, Jim got another letter from his mother. It said, "Two days ago, about ten men came to our farm and dug all our fields. I can't understand it. It looks as if they were looking for something. What shall I do?"
Jim smiled when he read his mother's letter. He wrote a letter to his mother at once. It was very short. Guess what it would say?
The question is: What would it say in Jim's second letter?
The possible answers are:
A:I would go out of the prison very soon.
B:You could plant potatoes now, dear mother.
C:I couldn't help you, dear mother.
D:The guards would plant potatoes.Jim comes from the U.S. He is now living in China. He gets up at about 6:30 and has breakfast at 7:00. After breakfast, he says goodbye to his parents and leaves home at 7:30. He usually walks to school. He gets there at 7:55. He has his first class at eight.
Morning classes are over at 12:10 and he has lunch 10 minutes later. After lunch he plays with his friends.
Afternoon classes begin at 1:30. Usually there are two lessons in the afternoon. They finish at 3:30. Usually he plays games or other things at school, and he gets home at about 5:15. He has _ at six and then does his homework and then watches TV. He goes to bed at about 10:30.
The question is: How does Jim usually go to school?
The possible answers are:
A:He usually takes the bus.
B:He usually rides his bike.
C:He usually goes to school on foot.
D:He usually goes to school in his father's car.Playing video games has become a real job now. Players can get a lot of money. They compete, watched by thousands of fans in arenas  , with millions more following online.
40 years ago the first known competition (playing Spacewar at the US's Standford University) offered a magazine as first prize. In 2014 the world championship   for Dota 2 had the prize of almost $11 million and 10,000 fans watched live as Chinese team won the first prize.
Last year also saw the first e-sports arenas open in the US and a 15,000-seater e-sports stadium   in China, the e-TV sports report by sports network ESPN and the $450,000 worth e-sports scholarship   offered by Chicago's Robert Morris University.
If you're over 30, you probably don't, directly, unless you happen to be a fanatical   player of the most popular e-sports games. But your children or grandchildren do. They know the players by their gaming handles   and hope to follow their heroes into a gaming world.
The question is: Who likes e-sports best, according to the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:Newly-born babies.
B:Young children.
C:Middle-aged people.
D:Old people.Mary is twenty-three years old. She is a nurse at a big hospital. She is very kind, and all of her patients like her very much.
One day she was out shopping when she saw an old woman waiting to cross a busy street. Mary wanted to cross the street, too, so she went over to help the woman cross. When Mary was near her, she shouted happily, "Mrs Herman! You were my patient last year." "Oh, thank you very much, Mary," Mrs Herman said, and stepped forward. "No, no, Mrs Herman," Mary said quickly, "the light's still red.""Oh," Mrs Herman answered as she stepped back. "I can easily cross the street alone when the light's green."
The question is: Mary told Mrs Herman_.
The possible answers are:
A:to cross the street until the light was red
B:not to cross the street until the light was red
C:to cross the street until the light was green
D:not to cross the street until the light was greenEveryone wants to be healthy. We know food is very important to us. There is an old saying-----"An apple a day keeps the doctor away." There is lots of healthy food in our life.
Fruit and vegetables are healthy food, but hamburgers and candy are not healthy food. So you can have more bananas, apples, oranges, tomatoes and onions. They are good for us. But you'd better  not have  hamburgers or candy. They are bad for us.
For drinks, juice and milk are healthy but Coke isn't healthy. Ice cream isn't good either. Healthy food can drinks make us strong and happy.
The question is: What does the writer want to tell us?
The possible answers are:
A:All the food is good for us.
B:We should eat more food.
C:We should eat more healthy food.
D:We should have more hamburgers.A good reader is very much like a driver. He must change his reading speed to fit what he is reading and what he is reading for, just as a driver does to fit the road situation.
A good reader may read at 1,000 WPM(... )when he looks for something for a report in the library. But once he finds what he needs, he may slow down to 100 WPM. A good reader may read newspapers and story books at 600 WPM. But he may read his science or maths books at 150 WPM. Just as a driver has a wide change of driving speed, so a good reader has a wide change of reading speed.
The question is: Which is the best title for this passage?
The possible answers are:
A:The Importance of Having Fast Reading Speed
B:A Good Reader and His Reading Speed.
C:The Best Way of Fast Reading
D:The Difference Between Driving and Reading"Life is speeding up. Everyone is getting unwell."
This may sound like something someone would say today. But in fact, an unknown person who lived in Rome in AD  53 wrote it.
We all love new inventions. They are exciting, amazing and can even change our lives. But have all these developments really improved the quality of our lives?
Picture this. You're rushing to finish your homework on the computer. Your mobile phone rings, a QQ message from your friend appears on the screen, the noise from the television is getting louder and louder. Suddenly the computer goes blank and you lose all your work. Now you have to stay up all night to get it done. How happy do you feel?
Inventions have speeded up our lives so much that they often leave up feeling stressed and tired. Why do you think people who live far away from noisy cities, who have no telephones, no cars, not even any electricity  often seem to be happier? Perhaps because they live simpler lives.
One family in the UK went "back in time" to see what life was like without all the inventions we have today. The grandparents, with their daughter, and grandsons Benjamin, 10 and Thomas, 7, spent nine weeks in a 1940s house. They had no washing machine, microwave , computer or mobile phones.
The grandmother, Lyn, said, "The more things you have, the more difficult life becomes." The boys said they fought less. Probably, they said, because there was less to fight over, such as their computer. Benjamin also noticed that his grandmother had changed from being a "trendy , beer-drinking granny", to one who cooked things.
The question is: The passage is mainly about   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:problems with technology
B:improvements of our lives with technology
C:changes happening to technology
D:the importance of technologyMy sister Sharon and I look very different. She's tall, and I'm short. She has short curly dark (,) hair, and I have long straight blond hair. We both have dark eyes, but Sharon wears glasses, and I don't. And she always wears large earrings  . I don't wear earring.
Sharon and I do many things together  . We watch movies together, and we often go shopping. We play tennis together every Saturday. Often, people don't know that Sharon and I are sisters, because we look so
. But we are also good friends.
The question is: The two sisters both   _    .
The possible answers are:
A:wear glasses
B:have blond hair
C:like earrings
D:have dark eyesMy good friend Lucy has a big   family. Many people   are in her family: her grandparents, her parents, her uncle, her aunt, her two cousins and she. Alan and Gina are her grand-parents. Nick and Sonia are her parents. Paul is her uncle and Mona is her aunt. Dave is Paul and Mona's son. He is 12. Linda is Dave's sister. She is 10.
The question is: Alan is Lucy's    _   .
The possible answers are:
A:grandfather
B:father
C:uncle
D:brotherFootball
The game is played by two teams. There must be eleven players in each team.
The field must be about 100m long and 73m wide. There are two goals , 7.32m long and 2.44m high.
To score a goal, a player must put the ball into the other team's goal. They may use their feet, heads or other parts of the body, but they must not touch the ball with their hands. Only one on each team, the goal-keeper , may use his hands.
Volleyball
This is played on a court 18m long and 9m wide. The net is 2.44m high for men and 2.24m high for women. There are two teams and there are usually six players in each team.
The players try to make the ball hit the ground on the other side of the net. They may use their hands, fists or arms, but they must not catch the ball or hold it while(---) playing.
Basketball
The court must be 26m long and 14m wide. There can be ten players in a team but not more than five players in each team may play at one time. The players must not change until the referee allows them to leave the court.
To score a point a player must throw the ball into the other team's basket.
Players may throw the ball, but they must not carry it. A player must not touch another player.
After 20minutes' play there must be a rest period for ten minutes. Then there is another period of 20 minutes before the game ends.
The question is: How big is a football field?
The possible answers are:
A:7.32m long and 2.44m high.
B:100m long and 73m wide.
C:107.32m long and 75.44m wide.
D:26m long and 14m wide.What do you eat every day? Some people think about it. And some people will not make plans for their meals.
Many people like to have fast food near their offices. This kind of food can make them fat and it is bad for their health. Even it will make them ill when they are old.
What should a healthy person eat every day? Well, I will tell you the 'healthy eating habit'. It comes from doctors.
When people do a lot of work, the energy is burning . So you need noodles, rice, milk, bread and eggs. If you don't eat them, you will feel tired. You should eat fruits and vegetables, too. There are a lot of vitamins in them. They can make you strong. And they can give you water.
The question is: People like to eat fast food near their   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:offices
B:schools
C:homes
D:shopsTraveling to every part of the world gets easier, but how well do we know and understand each other. Here's a simple test. Imagine you are planning to hold a meeting at four o'clock. What time should you expect your foreign business friends to arrive? If they are Germans, they'll arrive on time. If they are Americans, they'll probably be 15 minutes early. If they are Englishmen, they'll be 15 minutes late, and you should allow up to an hour for the Italians.
The British seemed to think since the English language was widely used in the world, people would always understand what they do. However, they found they were completely wrong. For example, the British are happy to have a business lunch and discuss business matters and have a drink during the meal. The Japanese prefer not to work while eating. Lunch is a time for them to relax and get to know each other and they don't drink at lunchtime. The Germans like to talk business before dinner. The French like to eat first and talk afterwards. They have to be well fed and watered before they discuss anything.
The question is: What do the Germans prefer when they go to a meeting?
The possible answers are:
A:They prefer to be on time.
B:They prefer to arrive very early.
C:They prefer to arrive very late.
D:They prefer to arrive a little late.More than 50,000,000 people live in the rainforests of the world and most of them do not hurt the forest they live in. They eat the fruits that grow on the forest trees, but they do not cut them down. They kill some animals to eat, but they do not destroy them.
When we cut down the rainforests, we destroy these forest people, too. In 1900, there were 1,000,000 forest people in the Amazon forest. In 1980, there were only 200,000.
The Yanomami live along the rivers of the rainforest in the north of Brazil. They have lived in the rainforest for about 10,000 years and they use more than 2,000 different plants for food and for medicine. But in 1988, someone found gold in their forest, and suddenly 45,000 people came to the forest and began looking for gold. They cut down the forest to make roads. They made more than a hundred airports. The Yanomami people lost land and food. Many died because new diseases came to the forest with the strangers.
The Yanomami people tried to save their forest, because it was their home. But the people who wanted gold were stronger.
Many forest people try to save their forests. Chico Mendes was famous in Brazil because he wanted to keep the forest for his people. "I want the Amazon forest to help all of us-forest people Brazil, and all the Earth," he said. A few months later, in December 1988, people who wanted to cut down the forest killed Chico Mendes.
In Borneo, people were cutting down the forest of the Penan people to sell the wood. The Penan people tried to save their rainforest. They made _ across the roads into the forest. In 1987, they closed fifteen roads for eight months. No one cut down any trees during that time.
In Panama, the Kuna people saved their forest. They made a forest park which tourists pay to visit.
The Gavioes people of Brazil use the forest, but they protect it as well. They find and sell the Brazil nuts  which grow on the forest trees.
The question is: The people who   _   have destroyed the rainforest of the Yanomami.
The possible answers are:
A:pick fruits and kill animals to eat
B:use plants for food and medicine
C:have lived there for about ten thousand years
D:made the roads and the airportsWhat would life be like if you give up using your cell phone? Will it become boring?
Twenty-eight eighth-graders at St. Matthew School in San Francisco will tell you it can still be rich and colorful.
These students took part in their school's "tech-free" challenge. They couldn't use cell phones for two weeks from Nov 11 to Nov 22.
The idea was to help students understand how technology has affected their lives, said Denise Uhl, principal of the school.
Uhl did a survey on technology usage among the eighth-graders before thinking of the challenge. She found that 84 percent of the students said they didn't like it "when everyone was on their cell phones", but they didn't know what to do about it. The answer was actually easy --- to stop constantly using cell phones.
To help students understand the point, Uhl created the activity. It was warmly welcomed among students.
"I wanted to sign up for the tech-free challenge because it was just really a good idea to do it," eighth-grader Joe told local newspaper Catholic San Francisco. "I wanted to get closer to my family. And it really worked. I started to hang out with my family more. We watched more family movies and we played a lot of board games."
The activity also helped students develop their interests.
During the two weeks, Lucas said he spent much more time outside, picking lemons in his garden. Maddie finished a painting and Cassie created a scarf on a loom  .
The question is: After taking part in the activity, students found that   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:technology was actually boring
B:they became closer to their family
C:they lost a way to keep in touch with their friends
D:going on the Internet was the only interesting thing to doDear Mary,
I must go to see your grandparents now.I prepare  these things for you.Your dictionary is in the bookcase.Your schoolbag is on the sofa.Your pencil box,notebooks and your school card are in the schoolbag.Your jacket is on the chair.Don't _ your watch.It's on the desk.
Love you.
Mom
The question is: What's not in the schoolbag?
The possible answers are:
A:The notebooks
B:The school card
C:The pencil box
D:The penWhen you are learning English, you find it not clever to put an English sentence, word for word, into your own language. Take the sentence "How do you do?" as an example. If you look up each word in the dictionary, one at a time, what is your translation  ? It must be a wrong sentence in your own language.
Languages do not just have different sounds, they are different in many ways. It's important to master  the rules  for word order   in the study of English, too. If the speaker puts words in a wrong order, the listener can't understand the speaker's sentence easily.Sometimes when the order of words in an English sentence is changed, the meaning of the sentence changes. But sometimes the order is changed, the meaning of the sentence doesn't change.
Let's see the difference between the two sentences:"She only likes apples. " "Only she likes apples. "
When you are learning English, you must use it as the English speaker does.
The question is: We can learn from the passage that  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:the meaning of an English sentence always changes with the order of the words
B:the order of words can never change the meaning of an English sentence
C:sometimes different order of words has a different meaning
D:if the order of words is different, the meaning of the sentence must be differentIf you are lucky enough, you may find the hummingbird  , the smallest bird of the animal world, in a south American forest.
Though the hummingbird is no bigger than a bee and weighs only 2 to 3 grams, it can fly as fast as 50 meters in a second. It can fly forwards   as most birds do, and it can fly backwards as well. The strangest thing about it, however, is that it can stay still in the air, just like a _ .
Whenever a hummingbird needs food, it will fly slowly towards a flower. It won't stand on the flower, as bees do, but just hangs to the flower and then begins to sunk   the honey from inside the flower with its needle-like beak.
The hummingbird is very particular in building its nest  . It takes great trouble to choose materials. It likes soft ones better than hard ones. Its eggs are so small that a common match box can hold as many as one hundred of them.
The question is: Most of the hummingbirds live in a(n)   _   forest.
The possible answers are:
A:north American
B:south Asian
C:north Asian
D:south AmericanMr Green works in an office . Every morning he has breakfast with his wife at 7:30, watches TV, drinks tea  and then leaves his home at 8:00 to take a bus to his office.
Now he still sits comfortably at the breakfast table and watches his news on TV at 8:05. He doesn't hurry and asks his wife for another cup of tea.
"Another cup?"she says in surprise ."Don't you need to go to the office today?""The office?" he says. "I think I'm at the office!"
The question is: Mr Green likes   _   every day.
The possible answers are:
A:running
B:playing basketball
C:watching TV
D:drinking coffeeFashion isn't very environmentally-friendly because it makes people buy things they don't need, just because they're new. We want to take care of the environment, we don't want to pollute the air and we don't want to waste energy and resources. But we also want to be fashionable. How can we buy fashionable clothes and protect the environment?
Old styles are fashionable again, so one way is to buy second-hand clothes -- recycled clothes. Another way is to buy' fair trade clothes. These clothes are either recycled or made in a ' way that protects the environment. They also protect the people who make the clothes.
Surprisingly, white cotton is one of the least environmentally-friendly crops of all. To protect the cotton, the growers use chemicals that pollute water, make farm workers ill and kill wildlife. New materials, such as hemp and bamboo, grow quickly and are more environmentally-friendly. These materials are very soft, and look fantastic. The best materials are coloured using natural dyes, made from plants.
Environmentally-friendly clothes are practical but until now they were often dull. Now fashion-designers are working with these materials and the clothes are beautiful as well. So now we can buy fashionable clothes that are also environmentally-friendly.
The question is: Why do people often buy things they don't need? Because  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:new things can be more comfortable
B:everyone wants to be fashionable
C:people are richer than before now
D:people care about the environmentTea to the Chinese is like coffee to the Americans. It's something that they can't live without.
Chinese tea has a history of more than 5,000 years. It was most popular during the Tang Dynasty. China has many kinds of tea. White, yellow, green, oolong  , black and dark tea are the six main kinds.
People in different places drink tea in their own way. People in Guangdong and Fujian love to drink "Kung Fu Tea" in small tea cups. They clean the teapot   first with boiling water to warm it up. Then they fill the teapot with tea leaves before putting in the boiling water.
In Beijing, people love jasmine flower green tea. In Tibet, butter tea   is a popular drink to build up energy.
There are rules to follow when we serve tea to others. Most importantly, remember to make the cup only seven-tenths full. If the cup is too full, it makes the cup too hot for them to hold.
The question is: Why do people clean the teapot with boiling water first when having Kung Fu Tea?
The possible answers are:
A:To warm the teapot.
B:To boil the tea.
C:To wash the tea leaves.
D:To build up energy.Mike found a job in a bookstore after he finished middle school. He wouldn't do anything but wanted to get rich.
It was a cold morning. It snowed and there was thin ice on the streets. Few people went to buy books and the young man had nothing to do. He hated to read, so he watched the traffic. Suddenly he saw a bag fall off a truck and it landed by the other side of the street.
"It is full of expensive things." Mike said to himself. "I have to get it right now, or others will take it away."
He went out of the bookstore and ran across the street. A driver saw him and began to whistle  , but he didn't hear it and went on running. The man drove to the side, hit a big tree and hurt himself in the accident. Two weeks later, Mike was taken to the court  . A judge asked if he heard the whistle when he was running across the street. He said that something was wrong with his ears and he could hear nothing.
"But you heard me this time," said the judge.
"Oh, I'm sorry. Now I can hear with one ear."
"Cover   the ear with your hand and listen to me with your deaf   one. Well, can you hear me?"
"No, I can't , sir."
"You told a lie. There is nothing wrong with either of your ears," the judge said.
The question is: Mike found a job as a   _   when he left school.
The possible answers are:
A:driver
B:judge
C:policeman
D:booksellerPaper cut can be seen in many parts of China during the Spring Festival. People put it on windows, doors and walls for the festival.
A thousand years ago, paper cut was used for decoration  . In Tang Dynasty women used paper cut as headdress. In Song Dynasty, it helped make gifts more beautiful. What's more, people would feel happier when they saw paper cut on windows, doors and walls. Now people use paper cut to express their wishes for welcoming the New Year.
There are different kinds of paper cut in different parts of China. Pictures usually cover nearly all things, from flowers, birds to the famous people. Now, there are factories for paper cut in China. Paper cut has changed from decoration to a kind of art. At the same time, paper cut also appears in cartoons, magazines or TV programs.
The question is: _   people like to use paper cut for their festivals.
The possible answers are:
A:Australian
B:Chinese
C:English
D:AmericanLet's Learn More about Each Other
Are the lives of city kids the same as those in villages? In many ways, they are very different. But what are the differences?
Hu Peng of Wuhan and four friends decided to find them out. Earlier this month, they lived for a week in Caidian, a village near Wuhan. Hu and his friends went door to door in Caidian and asked the kids there lots of questions. They wanted to learn more about village kids' everyday lives, so they asked these questions like --Do your parents teach you how to do housework? How much money do you usually spend on dinner? What would you do if a thief   came into your house? They also asked 150 city kids the same questions.What's the Difference?
Last week the team gave a report to their class. There are lots of differences between children's lives in cities and those in villages. The biggest difference is independence. Hu's team said that 60 percent of city kids couldn't do much housework, but 90 percent of village kids could care for themselves.
City kids told Hu they cared about school a lot, and they had no time for washing clothes or making their beds. Village kids said they helped their parents with housework a lot. They cooked, did some cleaning and fed animals. Hu's team also found that village kids had less pocket money  . Many never used computers. They played in rivers or on mountains. Some didn't really like to make new friends.
Hu and his friends said their trip gave them more self-confidence   because they were doing something by themselves. But _ also made them a little worried because they saw they still had a lot to learn. "When we grow up, our parents can't take care of us," said Hu. "We have to learn to take care of ourselves." Shen Guanquan, one of Hu's friends said, "When children learn to care for themselves, they learn to do lots of things."
The question is: How many city kids went to learn about village kids' everyday lives?
The possible answers are:
A:Three.
B:Four.
C:Five.
D:Six.Sue is a middle school student.Here are her holiday's diaries.
Tuesday July 15   Sunny
I can't believe my trip is over.I arrived in Egypt two weeks ago!I was with a group from a university .We went to the desert and learned a lot.I was tired,but I loved every minute of my trip.
Saturday August 5  Windy
My Hawaiian vacation just ended,and I was very relaxed!I spent five days on traveling there.Every day I took a walk,played basketball and ate good food.I also went swimming and snorkeling .I felt fantastic!
Sunday August 14      Sunny
Alaska is terrific!I was on a trip in the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge.There were six people on the trip.We hiked for six days.Then we took rafts to the Arctic Ocean.I saw a lot of wildlife .After ten days,I went home.
The question is: How long did Sue stay in Egypt?
The possible answers are:
A:One week.
B:Two weeks.
C:Three weeks.
D:Six days.Passage 4
How dangerous it would be if there was a fire! Today is in winter. It's time for us to learn a lot more about fire, especially what to do if we are caught in a fire:
1. Shout out
If you smell smoke or see fire, shout out "Fire!" Shout as loudly as you can, because people may be asleep.
2. Call 119
Never try to put the fire yourself, even if it is a very small one! Get help from your parents or call 119.
3. Keep down close to the floor
If there is a lot of smoke in your room, keep down close to the floor.
4. Test the door
Test the door before you open it. If the door is cool, open it carefully. If the door is hot, do not open it! Try to find a different way out.
5. Get out
If you can, get out of your home as soon as possible.
6. Don't use the lift
Never use the lift during the fire. It may also go wrong.
7. Don't go back
Never go back into a burning building!
The question is: When a fire is burning, you test the door to   _
The possible answers are:
A:find a better way out
B:notice the fire clearly
C:call for a much quicker help
D:see if it is closeA recent research shows that physical activity  may help students do better in their classes. The research comes because educators in some countries are reducing time for activities like P.E. class.
Researchers go over the results of fourteen studies. Twelve were from the United States, one from Canada and one from South Africa. The studies appeared between 2009 and 2013. They included more than 55,000 children, aged six to eighteen.
Thomas Singh, one of the researchers, says the studies showed a relationship between physical activity and scores on subjects such as math, English and reading. Ms. Singh offers some possible explanations  :
" There are, first, physiological   explanations, like more blood flow, and so more oxygen   to the brain. Being physically active means there are more hormones( ) produced like endorphins ( ). And endorphins make your stress level lower and your mood improved, which means you will perform better in class. Also, students who take part in organized sports learn rules and how to follow them. This could improve their classroom behavior and help them know what they should do.
All in all, the finding tells us that physically active kids are more likely to do better in school. Ms. Singh says schools should consider the finding before they cut physical education programs.
The question is: Which of the following is NOT one of the advantages of physical activity according to the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:Getting more blood flow.
B:Better classroom behavior.
C:Feeling relaxed and refreshed.
D:Greater ability to organize activities.It had been snowing very hard for days. Jigs and Reads had nothing to eat for a day. They know that things weren't right at home. So yesterday morning they wanted to go out. Bob helped them get out through a window, because the snow was so deep outside that he couldn't open the door. Last night, they didn't come back. Bob said to himself, "They are only five months old. This weather will kill them." But just then Bob heard them calling him. He looked out and could not believe ----they were drawing a big hare through the snow. They dropped it through the window into Bob's hands. A hare  for dinner.
The question is: .The story says that Jigs and Reads   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:wanted out to play with rain
B:asked to look for money outside
C:ate much more than Bob did
D:were a great help to BobMy favourite sport is basketball because it is very exciting. I like basketball because the NBA stars play very well. Basketball is very cheap and it is a good sport for our health. We can grow taller if we play basketball often. Also it keeps me healthy. I play basketball three times a week. Most often I play it in my school. I often play it with my friends or I may play it myself. I feel very happy when I play basketball at school with my classmates. Sometimes I play basketball in the playground near my home. Basketball is very easy to play. If you play basketball very well, you can join the basketball team . If you win the basketball competition, you will have the prize. You may become a famous basketball star.
The question is: Why do I like basketball?
The possible answers are:
A:Because it's cheap
B:Because it's good for health
C:Because the NBA stars play very well
D:A, B and CThe deep sea is not an easy place to live in. It's cold and dark. The deeper it is, the less sunlight there is. At about 3,000 feet, there is no light at all. It's very dark in the sea. Many fishes have no eyes, but some have big eyes. A few have eyes only on one side.
Besides the coldness and the darkness, deep sea animals face a third danger--other animals.
Animals must find food to eat. Many animals eat plants, and some eat meat. This means these sea animals have two big jobs. One is that they need to find animals as their food, and the other is that they have to try not to become other animals' meals.
,. (5)
The question is: Which of the following is RIGHT?
The possible answers are:
A:Animals can't eat animals.
B:All the fish in the deep sea have no eyes.
C:The deeper the sea is, the less sunlight there is.
D:The deep sea is a very safe living place for all kinds of sea animals.This is a plan that Jim has made on Thanksgiving
00:00--00:30
Get up and go to store to buy fruit,vegetables and food by car .
1:20--4:30
Start doing a big turkey for ten people.It is interesting
2:00--2:30
Do broccoli salad and dessert,Kids really love them .
2:30--3:00
Put fifty strawberries in the turkey .They are nice!
3:00--3:30
Put some vegetables in the turkey.Kids don't like vegetables ,so just a little.
3:45--4:10
Call my father ,mother,grandparents and cousins to come and join us .
4:15
Play the Thanksgiving music,it's relaxting.
4:30--5:30
Eat a great Thanksgiving dinner.
5:30--6:30
Play family games. They are exciting.
6:30--9:00
Go out and watch the Thanksgiving movies .They are fun .
10 :00
Go to bed.
The question is: What time does Jim gets up on Thanksgiving Day?
The possible answers are:
A:At 00:00
B:At 2:00
C:At 3:45
D:At 10:00Being busy can become a way of life. Our lives are always filled with emails and text messages. They make us feel wanted and important, but in a tiring and empty way. Being busy has a dangerous allure . If you are busy all the time, it's hard to sit quietly with your thoughts or to really feel what you're feeling. Whynot let everything become a choice -- how we spend time, who we reply to and how much or little we write?
Many of us are busy becauseour self-worth goes up when people make demands on our time. Whydon't we free ourselves from needing, or even wanting? Why don't we make the best use of the time and space to be productive in a way that it best serves us? That may be consciously keeping ourselves not busy. In fact many great discoverieswere made by people who built white space into their day.
Imagine asking "How are you?" to one of the most successful people you know like Warren Buffet. I've never heard anyone at that level answer "busy" though most people believe they are.
What are they doing differently?
First, they aim to project an image that things are under control. Second, they actually have things under control. They've had excellent staff, implemented thoughtful processes and they spend time only on critical tasks that require their attention. They make high-level strategic decisions with a large effect.
It's time to end the glory of being busy and spend time setting up processes that make sense, rather than simply working more hours. To do this, you need to change yourway of thinking. It's cool to say you're busy, but it's better to be busy helping someone carry a stroller up the subway stairs or busy finishing a book.
How to free us from the trendof being busy? Start with small steps. For one day, be mindful of every daily activity. Consider each thing a choice and decide proactively if it's necessary or simply a habit you can get rid of or do in half the time. Next, stop saying how busy you are. Then, figure out what you want to achieve with your day and begin doing it. Put your time and energy where you want it to be.
The question is: What are many of us busy doing every day?
The possible answers are:
A:Sitting quietly and think actively.
B:Meeting people's demands on our time.
C:Making great discoveries.
D:Takinghigh-level decisions.Li Ming is staying with the Wang family for the weekend.Today it is warm and fine.The family are having dinner in the garden.They often have dinner in the garden on a warm and fine spring day.Now Mr and Mrs Wang are sitting at the table with Li Ming under a tree.
"It's great to have dinner out here on such a lovely day,"Mrs Wang says."What's the weather like in your hometown,Li Ming?"Mr Wang asks."It's not very warm in spring.But I like the spring there best,"Li Ming says."Help yourself to some cakes,Li Ming,"Mrs Wang says."Thanks,"says Li Ming."The cakes are very nice.I enjoy the dinner very much."
The question is: What's the weather like in Li Ming's hometown?
The possible answers are:
A:It isn't very cold in spring.
B:It's very nice.
C:It's not very warm in spring.
D:It's very cold.Today more and more cars go into families. Which car is the best for people? Different people have different ideas.
Some people like the bright colour car made in China. It's really a good choice . The bright colour car made in China is cheap, nice and safe. This kind of cars is suit for  the general income   family.
Some people love famous foreign cars like Japanese cars, American cars and German cars. They're good but too expensive. But most people think famous foreign cars of better quality are better in safety. These are suit for the high income family or for business.
Some people like sports cars, because they're fast and exciting. Some sports cars are very nice but very expensive. Only rich people can afford them.
Some people like travelling, so they need a travel car. Travel cars are comfortable. But they use much oil .
What's the best car for us? Maybe it's a new and popular topic in life.
The question is: Which is NOT true about cars?
The possible answers are:
A:Cars made in China are cheap.
B:famous foreign cars are too expensive.
C:Sports cars are also cheap.
D:Travel cars are comfortable.Do you want to save money when you travel by train? Here are some ways .
Day Returns:
This kind of ticket can save you 45% on the fare.You have to travel before 8.00 a.m. and after 6.00 p.m from Monday to Friday, but you can travel at any time on Saturday or Sunday.
Big City Savers :
You can save much money with these tickets.You have to buy them by 4.00 p.m the day before you travel.
Monthly Returns :
You can use these tickets for most journeys over 65 miles. Go any day return within(.....) a month. Monthly Returns can save you 25% on the fare.
Family Returns:
You can get a card of Family Returns for PS20. After you buy your own ticket ,you need to pay only PS3 for each of the other family members.You can travel as often as you like within two months.
The question is: If you want to go to a city75 miles away for four days ,which kind of ticket will you choose?
The possible answers are:
A:Big City Savers
B:Monthly Returns
C:Day Returns
D:Family ReturnsBob and Frank are good friends.They often go to the movies together on weekends.Bob's favorite actor is Jackie Chan.He has an action movie,Who Am I.It's very exciting.Frank likes the actor Rick Smith.He really likes his movie Black September.Frank thinks it's a very success ful thriller .Bob and Frank are Americans,but they both like Beijing Opera.They think they can learn about Chinese history from it.
The question is: Bob and Frank come from  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:America
B:China
C:Japan
D:EnglandTom, Jean, Jack and Lucy are talking about the movie theaters in the city.
My name's Tom. I go to the Movie Palace twice a month. It's about two kilometers from my home. The service is good. But the price of a ticket is a little expensive. I never go to Moon Cinema. It's about 10 kilometers from my home.
I'm Jean. I go to Moon Cinema more often. There are often new movies on show and the screens are big. Most importantly, the price is cheaper. It's always half price for students, about 30 yuan. I go there once a week.
I'm Jack. I live about 5 kilometers from Moon Cinema and 8 kilometers from Movie Palace. I think the seats in Moon Cinema are hard and the music is too loud. So I prefer to go to Movie Palace. I go to Movie Palace once a month.
I'm Lucy. I prefer to go to Movie Palace. It's in the center of the city and is very modern. I like shopping and there are some shopping centers around. I go there once a month.
The question is: Why does Tom never go to Moon Cinema?
The possible answers are:
A:The ticket is expensive.
B:The seats are hard.
C:The screens are big.
D:It's far from his home.Dear Tommy,
I'm  writing to you on your third birthday. I want to tell you something about your grandma's time. I was born sixty-eight years ago in a small village.
Transportation used to be a big problem. When we travelled from village to village, we used to walk or ride horses.
Shopping was not an easy job, either. There were no supermarkets in the neighborhood. We used to grow most of our own food: rice and vegetables. We kept things cool in a special underground room.
The biggest difference is that you have electricity. We didn't have electricity until very late in our small village. We didn't have any televisions of course. We used to perform our local music and enjoy it very much.
Life used to be very hard, but I was not upset. I would like you to know about the old days and be happy about what you have. Remember , feeling good about life is the key to happiness.
Love
Your grandma
The question is: This letter is written by  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:a grandfather to a grandson.
B:grandmother to a grandson
C:a father to a daughter.
D:a mother to a son.Mary is an American schoolgirl. She is now in Beijing with her parents. She doesn't know Chinese, but she is trying to study and speak it. She often tries to speak Chinese to her Chinese friends. Sometimes they don't understand her, because she can't speak Chinese well.
It's Saturday morning. Mary goes out. She is on her way to the park. She is going there to see a flower show . But she doesn't know how to get there. She asks a Chinese boy. The boy can't understand her. Then she takes out a pen and some paper. She draws flowers on it, gives the picture to the boy and says something about it. The boy smiles and then shows Mary the way to the park.
The question is: Where does Mary live now? She lives in   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:America
B:England
C:China
D:CanadaOur village carpenter ,John Hill, came one day and made a dining table for my wife. He made it just the right size to fill the space between the two windows. When I got home that evening, John was drinking a cup of tea and writing out his bill for his job. My wife said to me quietly, "That's his ninth cup of tea today." But she said in a loud voice, "It's a beautiful table, dear, isn't it?" "I'll decide about that when I see the bill." I said. John laughed and gave me his bill.
It said:
One dining table                                   10thNovember,2014
Cost of wood                    $17.00
Paint                                            $1.50
Work,8 hour( $1.00 an hour)            $ 8.00
Total                                            $ 36.50
When I was looking at the bill,John said,"It's been a fine day,hasn't it? Quite sunny."
"Yes," I said."I'm glad it's only the 10thof November."
"Me too." said John, "You wait--it'll be a lot colder by the end of the month."
"Yes, colder--and more expensive! Dining tables will be $20 more expensive on November 30th, won't they, John?"
John looked hard at me for half a minute. I gave his bill back to him.
"If it isn't too much trouble, John," I said,"please add it up again. You can forget the date..."
I paid him $26.50 and he was happy to get it.
The question is: Which word can describe John best?
The possible answers are:
A:Clever
B:Silly
C:Dishonest
D:HumorousDubai is a city of big business, expensive hotels , skyscrapers ,and shopping malls, In the early 20th century, Dubai was a successful trading port. People from the world stopped in Dubai to do business, But it was still a small city, and most people lived as fishermen and businessmen. Then in 1966, oil was discovered. This brought a lot of money into the area, and soon Dubai began to change.
Today Dubai is one of the world's most important business centers. In fact , each year the city gets its money mainly from business, not oil.
Recently Dubai has attracted more and more visitors from abroad, They come to relax on its beaches, and every year, millions visit just to go shopping!
Dubai is also one of the world's fastest growing cities. Many tall buildings are built in months. The city also has many man-made islands.One of these, the Palm Jumeirah, is like a palm tree and is very beautiful.
The city is still an amazing mix of people from different countries . The people from 150 countries live and work in Dubai , and foreigners now _ Dubai natives  by eight to one!
Many people welcome the city's growth. But an increasing number of Dubai natives worry about the speed of change As a Dubai native says, " _ ."
The question is: What's the main idea of the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:Dubai is growing very fast .
B:Dubai was a big city before 1966.
C:Many tall buildings are built in months.
D:Many tourists come to relax on Dubai's beaches."Please take my penny," said Maggie to old Dan, the fisherman, who sat on a bench repairing his nets.
Her brother Andrew drew her back, whispering, "Maggie, he is not a beggar  !"
But Maggie paid no attention. "Please take it," she said again. Old Dan smiled, and took it. "Thank you, little miss," he said, "It is kindly meant."
After that, Maggie went to the beach to gather shells. She never thought how fast the hours were passing until being tired, she sat down on a rock beside a little pool. Soon she was scared by a noise near her, and Dan's large dog Rover jumped down from a rock!
He licked her hands and made a loud noise, and then began gently to pull her coat. "Rover wishes me to come away, I see," she said, and she rose from the rock and began to go home. However, that was not so easy as she had expected. She found the places she had gone down easily very difficult to climb up, and as the tide   had been coming in for some time. She found some of the stones wet and smooth.
What could poor Maggie do? She felt sad and cried, but the waves made a much louder noise than she could make, and perhaps she would have been drowned   without good wise Rover.
Rover jumped upon a big stone and raised his loud bark until even the waves could not drown it.
The fisherman had taken his nets to the top of the cliffs  , and was laying them out in the sun when he heard the loud barking of a dog. He felt sure that it was Rover, and Rover in trouble, so, going to the edge of the cliffs, he looked over. There he saw it all--Rover barking for help, and the little child standing beside him.
"Bless her! It is the little one that was so kind-spoken to me this morning!" he cried, and he hurried to his sons' home.
"Quick, boys, quick!" he said. "Get to the boat, and row fast to the bay  . There is a poor child there just waiting to be drowned." The fishermen lost no time, and soon little Maggie and Rover were rowed safely to land! Old Dan was waiting there to lift her out, and give her into her mother's arms.
"It was the penny that did it, madam," he said to Mrs. Weston later. "I saw Rover looking at her when she put the penny so kind-like into my hand--just as if he would have said, 'Rover will be your friend now, little girl.' And I am thinking he had been looking after her all the day, for he never came near me after that."
Some years later, Rover came to Maggie's home with a little note, in which was written-- "Will Maggie help Rover?--his master is dead."
The question is: Which of the following is the best title for the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:Rover and his master
B:Rover's new friend
C:What the brave dog did
D:What Maggie's penny didThis is No. 12 High School. My friend Dongdong is in this school. Dongdong has short hair, a big nose, a small mouth and big eyes. He is thirteen. He is in Class Two, Grade Seven. He's a good student. He has two good friends in his school. They are Jim and Jack. They're brothers . They are fourteen. They have small noses, small eyes, but they're very tall . Jim, Jack and Dongdong are in the same class. Mr. Lee is their teacher. They are good friends.
,. (10)
The question is: Who has big eyes?
The possible answers are:
A:Jim.
B:Dongdong.
C:Mr. Lee.
D:Jack.In England people don't usually talk too much .You can go on a bus, or in a train, and everyone sits looking out of the window.
Often they read .They read books and papers .But they don't talk much.
When you meet English people, they often talk about one thing, the weather. So when you meet somebody in English, you can say, "Nice weather for the time of year!"
"But it was a little cold yesterday, "somebody may answer .
"But it got a bit warmer later!" you can say.
Talk like this, and the English will think ,how friendly you are !
The question is: Which is right?  _
The possible answers are:
A:English people like to talk on a bus.
B:English people enjoy the best weather.
C:English people are the most friendly.
D:English people don't talk much.My name is Bill. I'm an American boy. I'm twelve. I'm a student in a middle school. I'm in Class1, Grade 7. Li Lei is my friend. We're in different classes. He is eleven. Here is a photo of his family. Let's look at it. His father, the one behind the tree, is a policeman. His mother, the one on the bike, is a Chinese teacher.  He has two sisters. They are twins. They have a cat. Its name is Mimi. Look! It's on the floor under the table. The twins are middle school students, too. They look after  me at school. We are good friends.
The question is: Bill is from  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:England
B:America
C:China
D:JapanSome countries have a large number of earthquakes. Japan is one of them, while others do not have many, for example, there are few earthquakes in Britain.
There is often a great noise during an earthquake.  The ground vibrates  .Houses fall down. Railways are broken, which causes trains to turn over. Sometimes thousands of people are killed in different ways. About 60,000 were killed in 1783 in the south of Italy. Some people say that earthquakes often happen near volcanoes , but it is not true. The centres of some earthquakes are under the sea. The bottom of the sea suddenly moves. The powerful forces inside the earth break the rocks. The coast is shaken and great waves appear. These waves travel long distances and rush over the land when they reach it, breaking down houses and other buildings. Sometimes they break more buildings than the earthquake itself.
A terrible earthquake happened in Assam, India, in 1986.The land near Shillong suddenly moved 1.5 feet to one side, and then back again. It continued to act like this 20 times a minute.Few buildings could stand what was happening and the great stones flew four feet up into the air. What kind of building stays up best in an earthquake? The Americans carefully studied the results of the earthquake at San Francisco(1906) and believed it best for buildings to be made with concrete  walls together by steel frames. Such are the buildings that can't burn or fall easily.
The question is: Earthquakes often happen  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:near volcanoes
B:in Japan
C:in Britain
D:Both A and BThere's a big zoo in our city. It's about five kilometres away from my house. I like all kinds of animals. I often go to the zoo by bus on Sundays. In the zoo, I can see many different kinds of animals, such as monkeys, bears, pandas, tigers, lions and dolphins. Some animals are friendly, but some are not. Tigers, lions and bears are dangerous, so they have to stay in cages. But I don't think it's good for animals to stay in cages. They are not happy. They should be free.
Tigers and lions usually live in forests. They can run very fast there. They catch and eat small animals like deer and rabbits. But now in the zoo, they live in small rooms. They walk round and round   in the cages, and they want to get out. I feel sorry for them.
Of all the animals I like dolphins best. The most interesting animals in the zoo that I like are dolphins. I like watching them swim and jump. They swim fast and they jump very high. They are very clever. They can play with balls. They are very friendly to people. If you fall into the water and can't swim, they may come to help you.
The question is: I like dolphins best because    _    .
The possible answers are:
A:they live in forests
B:they are interesting, clever and friendly
C:they catch and eat small animals
D:I fall into the river.British people are famous for drinking tea. But brother and sister, Sarah and Bobby Green, became young millionaires when they opened a chain of American-style coffee shops in the UK.
Having the idea: It started when Sarah took a weekend trip to New York to visit her brother Bobby. One evening, in a Thai restaurant, Sarah told Bobby how much she wished she could buy American-style coffee in London. Bobby suggested they started their own coffee shop. Sarah fell in love with the idea.
Doing the Research: Back in London, she spent a whole day on the London subway, getting off the train at different stations to taste the coffee. "It was terrible, and I knew there was a gap   in the market." In 1995, they opened their first Coffee Republic shop in central London.
Making it work: The first year was very difficult. British people were not used to the names of American coffees, like latte and macchiato. But being successful was their dream and they were not going to give up. Today, there are over 100 Coffee Republic shops all over the country and the company has PS30 million a year.
Advice for others: Sarah has now written a best-selling book about their experience, calledAnyone Can Do It ! She hopes it will help other young people to start their own businesses. She says, "If you think you have the energy, then get out and follow your dream."
The question is: Where are their Coffee Republic shops?
The possible answers are:
A:All over the UK.
B:All over the US.
C:In central London.
D:In New York.Today is Tom's birthday. After school he walks past the shop on the street corner. He looks at the window. That pair of trainers is still there. He really wants to have them very much.
He was very sad and walks away. He knows his mother can give him anything he likes if she can. But he also knows she has no money and the trainers are too expensive. He doesn't go home at once because his mother could notice   his worry. So he goes to the park and sits on the grass. Then he sees a boy in a wheel chair   . He finds that the boy moves the wheel with his hands. Tom looks at him carefully and is surprised to see that the boy has no feet. He looks at his own feet. "It's much better to be without shoes than without feet." he thinks. There is no reason   for him to feel so sorry and sad. He smiles and thinks he is happier.
The question is: Tom goes into the park because he  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:wants to watch someone fishing there
B:wants to see the boy
C:doesn't want his mother to notice his worry
D:wants to sit on the grassGreenwood Gazette
.................................................................................................................................
To Hire
A Quiet flat in Greenwood  2 bedrooms, large kitchen Near shops and restaurants PS600 a month
Phone 07348 0848153B Small 3rd-floor flat in central London
1 bedroom
2 minutes from the train station PS650 a month  Phone 020 933 9458C House in Hoburn from end of September
3 bedrooms, small garden
Near the university PS1000 a month Phone 07122 7476933
The question is: Which of the following is TRUE?
The possible answers are:
A:Flat A is the most expensive of the three.
B:Flat B is far away from the train station.
C:You can make phone calls to know about the information above.
D:You can hire the house in Hoburn if you want to cook in a large kitchen.The 31st Summer Olympics will be held in Brazil in 2016. Before this global sporting event, we started thinking about sports that didn't exist any more and sports that were maybe a little strange. Read the following ones that have ever been included in the past Olympic Games.
Live Pigeon Shooting (1900)
This bloody event was only held once, at the 1900 Paris Games. Nearly 300 birds were killed during the competition, leaving a crime scene of feathers and blood. This is the only event in Olympic history that involved killing live animals.
Kabaddi (1936)
This sport is popular in South Asia. The object is for one member of a team to enter the other side's half of the field, and score points. The attacker then returns to his half of the field.
12 Hour Bicycle Race (1896)
Seven riders got on their bikes at 5 a.m. and rode until 5 p.m. Four riders dropped out before noon, but the winner, Adolf Schmal of Austria, managed about 180 miles. Only Schmal and one other finished.
Tug of War (1900--1920)
This may seem like a basic PE class sport more than an Olympic event, but Tug of War was actually one of the first sports played at the Olympic games in 500 BC.
There are two teams of eight; the winning team must pull the other team six feet forward.
Swimming Obstacle Race (1900)
The athletes had to climb over a pole   and a row of boats, and then swim under another row of boats. All of this was done in the Seine River, so they also had to fight against the water. This event was only ever held in 1900, in Paris.
The question is: What does "drop out" mean in English according to the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:Give up.
B:Run out.
C:Fall off.
D:Break down.Camilla Chomp was a strange little girl. She liked to spend her time alone eating chocolate. Her parents were worried, so they took all the chocolate away.
Camilla left her house to look for some chocolate. She found a small house full of bottles. Among the bottles, a blue bottle caught Camilla's eyes. It was full of chocolate. In the bottle there was also a card with the words "Change tears  into chocolate."
Camilla was very excited. She ran out of the house with the bottle to look for someone crying. First, she met a little boy crying hard and collected his tears. The tears were quickly changed into chocolate. While Camilla was collecting the tears, she comforted the boy. Finally, the boy stopped crying and they had a good time together.
Later, Camilla met a woman and an old man crying. The woman had broken some bowls. And the old man's dog had just died. Camilla collected their tears and made them happy again.
Soon, Camilla knew that making people happy was much more important than finding chocolate. So she stopped collecting tears and began to help sad people. As a result, she had many friends and had a happy life.
The question is: Camilla's parents took away all the chocolate because they were   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:happy
B:angry
C:worried
D:hungryMr. Green has a small garden in front of his house. There are lots of flowers in it. But he has only a few trees.
His neighbor Mr. Black has a garden, too. Mr. Black's garden is smaller than Mr. Green 's garden. He has fewer flowers than Mr Green but more trees.
Mr. Brown is Mr. Green's another neighbour. Mr. Brown's garden is the smallest one of the three. He has the fewest flowers of them all, but the weeds in his garden are the tallest. There is always a lot of work to do in his garden, but Mr. Brown doesn't have enough time to work in his garden, so his garden is the worst.
The question is: Mr. Green's garden is   _  than Mr. Black's garden.
The possible answers are:
A:better
B:worse
C:bigger
D:smallerDear Addie,
Greetings from New Jersey, how is New Zealand? I'm very excited to have you as my pen pal. I guess it's my turn to tell you about myself.
First off, I live with my parents, two sisters, and our pet dog Brighty. Our town is called Whippangong. It is only about a half-hour away from New York City. My oldest sister, Ingrid, just turned 17, that means she now has a drive's license. She drives us to the mall. Do you have a mall near you in Te Awamutu? My other sister is 11 and her name is Lucy. I guess I would say that she is my best friend. We still fight, though. She rides horses and takes lessons every Saturday morning. I have to go with her sometimes, and that is truly the most boring thing in the world. Do you like horses?
I take tap dancing classes. I like to practice in the food store. The sound of my feet stepping on the hard floors echoes . I play scores in the fall; I'm on the swim team during the summer. I like swim, but I am really looking forward to diving this year. Next year I will start music lessons in school. I think I am going to play the piano.
Our house has eight rooms and a small backyard where every year we try to grow vegetables. We mostly get zucchini because the rabbits eat everything else. I guess rabbits don't like zucchini. I have a bike and mum allows me to ride up and down our street, but nowhere else. I hope that I will get to ride it to school someday. Right now I ride the crowed and yucky bus.
Well, that is enough about me for now. I look forward to hearing from you again soon. I hope your surfing lessons went well. And I hope your mum does let you learn to play the drums.
Write soon
Love,
Jessica
The question is: JessicA, thinks riding horses is very  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:different
B:fool
C:exciting
D:frighteningMatt's hobby was collecting stamps. He had stamps from many countries, like America, Egypt and China. On his birthday, can you guess what people gave him? That's right----stamps.
Matt's favorite stamps came from France. He had almost every stamp from 1954 to 2003 except one. That was a 1974 special edition  . It was very hard to find.
He looked for it everywhere. He asked his friends and relatives to help him. But nobody could find the stamp. It made Matt very sad.
"Don't worry," his father said to him. "You'll find it one day."
"I hope so," Matt said.
"Be patient  ,"his father said. "Don't give up."
Besides collecting stamps, Matt liked writing. He had a pen friend in France. They wrote to each other every month. Matt's pen friend, Philip, gave him a big, green stamp. It looked old. When Matt received the letter, he was very surprised. On the envelope, he looked closely at the stamp. It was the 1974 special edition stamp. Matt was so happy! He told his sister, his mother and his father.
"You see," his father said, "You did find your stamp. So, you see, it's good to have two things in life."
"What are they?" Matt asked.
"Friends and patience  ." he answered.
The question is: It was very difficult for Matt to find a special French stamp of  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:1954
B:1974
C:2003
D:2011The worker I hired to repair my house had just finished a difficult first day on the job. A broken wheel made him an hour late; his ladder( )fell down when he was painting the roof and now his old truck wouldn't start. With each problem he shouted angrily more at himself than at his things. As I drove him home, the man didn't say a word.
I tried talking to the man to kill time. I managed to find out that he had come up from Blue Hills in Victoria with his family six months ago to find a job. This was his first job since moving here. I now knew why his price was lower than any other worker I could find in the local newspaper. He really needed the job. His clothes told me as much.
On arriving, much to my surprise, he invited me to meet his family. As we walked through his front garden he suddenly stopped at a small tree and placed his hands on it. Then , when he opened the door he completely changed. Instead of his troubled face, there was now a warm smile, hugs for his two children and a kiss for his wife.
The following day, I asked him about the tree.
"That's my trouble tree," he answered. "Work troubles aren't welcome at home with my wife and children. So I hang them on that tree every night when I come home. Then in the morning I pick them up again."
"And you know what else?" he said smiling, "The next morning I find that there aren't as many as I remember hanging up the night before."
The question is: When did the worker first arrive in this town ?
The possible answers are:
A:Today.
B:Last night.
C:Six weeks ago.
D:Six months ago.Mr Green has a car. In the morning he takes his children to school in his car. Then he drives to work. Mr Green and his children do not have lunch at home, but Mrs Green does. She does not go to work. She stays at home and does some shopping and cleaning in the morning. In the afternoon she usually goes to see some of her friends, has tea and talks a lot with them. Then she cooks supper for her family. Mr Green comes back home much later than his children. They do not come back in their father's car. They take a bus home. They usually come back home before five.
The question is: Mrs Green has her lunch   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:with her children
B:with her friends
C:at home
D:with Mr GreenMany parents like setting family rules for their kids. When kids break rules, parents will give them some punishments, which aren't included in rules. In fact, when you tell your kids about a new rule, you should talk with them about the price they should pay for breaking the rule -- what the punishment will be.
Punishments you set should be reasonable, without violence or threat  . For example, if you find your son smoking, you may limit his social activities for two weeks. You should punish your kids only in ways you have discussed before the rule is broken. A study shows that the most popular punishment is to limit kids' TV time.
It's understandable that you'll be angry when rules are broken. Punishment is a way to express your anger, but it's not a very good one. Sharing your feelings of anger, disappointment or sadness with your kids can have a better effect   on them. Try to do that. When your kids know what they have done has made you sad, they will feel _ . When they know their actions influence you greatly, they will obey rules better.
Rules are made to help your kids behave better. If your rules or ways of punishment make them unhappy or under a lot of pressure, are they helpful?
The question is: Which of the following is TRUE according to the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:Punishment is the best way to educate kids.
B:Breaking rules is common, so we don't need to pay too much attention to it.
C:Parents set ways of punishment in order to make kids know the price for breaking rules.
D:More pressure should be given to kids.Shen Hao was born in 1964. He was the former first secretary of Party branch of Xiaogang Village, Fengyang County, Anhui Province. He died on November 6, 2009. From 2004 to 2009, he had done many good things for villagers. For the development of Xiaogang Village he had made great contributions. So he was respected by all the villagers.
During the six years, he repaired the village roads, built a building for a number of villagers. He rented a house in the village and thought about how to get the villagers to get rich all day. Even in the New Year, he still got together with his villagers. At last, under his leadership, Xiaogang Village was out of _ . Now the villagers are leading a rich life.
He is a very filial son, but he had almost no time to get together with his over 90 year-old mother. But she never complained. His wife works in the bank and she is very busy. They both have little time to look after their daughter.
Although he did not do what he should do to his mother, wife and daughter, all the villagers will remember their good secretary forever.
The question is: Which of the following is NOT true according to the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:Shen Hao was only 45 years old when he died.
B:Shen Hao spent much time in taking care of his daughter.
C:Shen Hao helped the villagers a lot.
D:Now in Xiaogang Village, people are leading a rich life.Little Mike's grandmother died weeks ago. He missed her very much. One afternoon Mike went to the city park where his grandmother used to go. There he saw an old lady. She looked very kind. She was sitting there, watching pigeons . Little Mike went up and sat next to her. He took out his food and drinks and gave some to her. She smiled at him. Her smile was very sweet and Mike wanted to see it again. She seemed to understand him, so once again she smiled. Mike was very happy.
They sat there all the afternoon, eating and talking. As it was dark, Mike got up to leave. Before he left, he hugged the old lady and she gave him her sweetest smile.
When Mike got home, his mother was surprised by the happy look on his face. " I met an old lady in the park. Her smile was like the smile I used to see on Grandmother's face."
The old lady also returned to her home happily. She told her son she had food and drinks with a little boy. " He was as lovely as Bill." She said. Her son was surprised, because he had never been so happy since Bill, her grandson, died weeks ago.
The question is: What do we learn from the story?
The possible answers are:
A:When one feels unhappy, he must go to a park.
B:Old people are always kind and happy
C:Children should be polite to old people .
D:When people get on well, they feel happy.In today's world, so many people like traveling around the world. Traveling abroad can be expensive, but there are some ways of visiting Britain cheaply. So we hope  we can give you some good ideas.
If you don't go there in the busy months--July and August, your visit may be cheaper. There will be fewer visitors. The weather in Britain can be pleasant from April to the end of September. Of course  you can go there in winter, but it is often dark by 4 pm. Many places, such as large houses and castles are closed in winter. However, if you are interested in museums, art galleries  or theaters, winter may be the good time to visit.
If you are a student, it is a good idea to apply for   an International Student Identify Card. With the card, you can save a lot of money. You can get the card from your local  student travel office, and you can also call (44)08708 413224 to get it. To get the card, you need to show that you are a student, get a passport photo, and pay for a little money.
The question is: Which of the following is not true?
The possible answers are:
A:There are many visitors in July in Britain.
B:Days are very long in winter in Britain.
C:Many museums are not closed in winter.
D:Only student can get the International Student Identify Card.Everybody wants to be healthy.You know food is very important.There is much healthy food.You can have more bananas,apples,oranges and tomatoes because fruit and vegetables are good for you.But don't eat too much chocolate.It's not healthy food.Healthy food can make you grow and make you strong and happy.Remember there is a saying,"An apple a day keeps a doctor away."Sports can also keep you healthy.Get up early and do some sports every day.Don't be lazy !You will be healthy and happy.
The question is: .Which of these following sentences is true?  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:Everybody is healthy.
B:We don't want to be healthy.
C:Food is important.
D:There isn't much healthy food.In the old time, there was a man. He wanted to buy a pair of new shoes. Hemeasured  his feet with a straw , and then went to a shoe shop in town.
The man in the shop took out a pair of new shoes, and let him try it on. But when he looked into pocket, he found that the straw was not there. So he said, "I'm sorry. I forget to bring the size here! Let me go home to get it back." After that, he ran out of the shop. It was very far from his home to the shoe shop. When he got back home, he was very tired.
With the straw in his hand, he went back to the shoe shop again .But the shop was closed .
Someone near the man said, " Your feet are with you. Why did you not try which pair of shoes fitted your feet?"
The question is: One day a man wanted to  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:buy a pair of shoes
B:buy a straw
C:get to town
D:measure his feetThat warm day was the only day of the week without rain. I opened the door, took a seat and began to enjoy the wonderful sunshine. Suddenly, I noticed that the house near mine had been sold. An elderly lady was in front of the door, with some beautiful flowers beside her. I walked to her. She looked to be in her early eighties and had the prettiest white hair.
"Hi! My name is Karmen," I said smiling brightly at the old lady. She smiled back and said, "Hello, Karmen. I'm Henrietta." Her voice was very strong for someone at her age. Later, I learned she was alone and had no family or relatives to help her. From that day on, I often visited her and helped her with her housework and sometimes she gave me some delicious food. A year passed, and I considered Henrietta to be one of my best friends.
One day, I walked over for my morning visit and knocked on the door, but there was no answer. I knocked again, and she still didn' t _ . So I let myself in, using the key she had given me. I checked her living room and then her kitchen. I finally went into her bedroom, and she was lying peacefully on her bed. Beside her there were two notes. One was her will, which said all that she had would be given to me. The other was a thank-you note. I went to her bedside and cried sadly.
Though several years have gone by, I still miss her deeply. Whenever I look at the beautiful flowers in front of her house, I remember the wonderful friendship we had.
The question is: What can we learn from the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:The old lady was not kind.
B:The writer didn't have any good friends.
C:The old lady didn't know how to make food.
D:The writer got on very well with the old lady.We know music is very important in our daily life.Do you notice music playing at any of those places when you go somewhere? Today, most stores,stations,restaurants and other places play music.You might even hear music in an office or on a farm.
Scientists believe that music influences the way people behave.They think that the sound of western classical music makes people feel richer.When a restaurant plays classical music,people spend more money on food and drinks.When the restaurant plays modern music,people spend less money.Without music,people spend even less.
Scientists also believe that loud,fast music makes people eat faster.Some restaurants  play fast music during their hours.This makes people eat faster and leave quickly.Restaurants can make more money in this way.
Some scientists think that music makes you think and learn better.They say that music helps students to be more active.It is true that people learn better when they are relaxed.And 1istening to music can help you relax.
The next time you hear music somewhere,be careful,it might influance the way you do things.
The question is: Western classical music is often thought to be   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:a sign of being slower
B:something about strength
C:a sign of being richer
D:something with new stylesThe summer vacation is over. It's true that time flies.
In the vacation, the weather was very hot, but I enjoyed myself.
I did my homework in the morning. I got up at 6:30a.m. and took a walk in the garden for half an hour. After breakfast I began reading English and Chinese and did some math exercises. It usually took me three hours or more. I worked quite hard and I made great progress .
I spent the afternoon outside. I went swimming and it was fun. I would not go home until it was about five or six o'clock. Sometimes my friends came to see me and we spent some time listening to music.
In this way I spent my vacation happily. I not only studied hard, but also became a good swimmer. Now I'm in good health and high spirits .
The question is: How long did the writer spend studying every day?
The possible answers are:
A:Half an hour.
B:Two hours and a half.
C:Only a day.
D:Three hours or more.There is an old tiger in the forest  . He doesn't want to look for   food now. He often lets other animals get him some food to eat.
One day, he sees a monkey   and says,"I am hungry, monkey. Go and get me something to eat.""I can't do that now, tiger." the monkey says,"There is another tiger over there . He doesn't let me get anything for you to eat. I am afraid of   him." "What?" says the old tiger. "Take me to the tiger. I want to talk to him." The monkey and the tiger go to the bridge  over the river . "Now look down at the water." says the monkey. "Do you see the tiger?" "Yes, I do." says the old tiger. "Let me eat him." Then the tiger jumps  into the river.
The question is: How many tigers and monkeys are there in the story?
The possible answers are:
A:Two tigers and two monkeys.
B:Two tigers and one monkey.
C:One tiger and two monkeys.
D:One tiger and one monkey.Patrick Johnson,an artist for the Washington Post,found some treasure in his new house35,000 dollars in a place where no one could see it. Although he had car and house payments in his head, he still decided to return all of the money to the previous owner of the house,Mr. Williams. Would you have done the same?
Just hours after he had bought the house,Patrick came into the small house,where he was planning to lay out his tools and hang things up. He looked up and noticed a little hole in the wall. He didn't know what it was inside, so he walked towards the wall. It was very dark inside,but an old box caught his eye.
"I caught the thing,it was heavy. I thought it might be some pieces of wood." he said. Actually it was not. It was filled with lots of dollar bills. But he and his wife knew they had to return the money to Mr. Williams.
"I've got two boys and we teach them to be honest and to do what is right. I knew this was a teachable moment that I would never get back again." Patrick said to his wife. "So I thought we would do something honest with it. It's been a great thing for us and our kids."
The question is: Patrick and his wife returned the money at last because  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:they didn't need the money at all
B:their children liked money very much
C:they wanted to teach their children to be honest
D:the previous owner of the house asked them to do soWhat is your favourite colour? Ask famous persons like Cate Blanchett,Searlett Johansson and Bono,and maybe they will say"green."That's not because these artists particularly like the colour green.Instead,they are interested in green fashion.
Green fashion is about making(and wearing)clothes that are good for humans,animals,and the Earth.In the past,green fashion made people think of hippies and ugly clothes.But today,green fashion is different.It is about looking good and caring about the Earth and other people.You can have interesting clothes and be green.
Around the world,green fashion is becoming popular.For example,the U.K.company
People Tree sells men's and women's clothing and accessories .They are made from
natural fabrics like cotton and wool.Workers who make the clothes are from countries like Nepal,Kenya,and Bangladesh.People Tree pays the men and women good money for the clothes they create.
Singer Bono and his wife also started a clothing company called EDUN.When the clothes sell,EDUN uses most of the money to help people around the world.
The question is: According to the passage,what is"green fashion"?
The possible answers are:
A:Wearing the colour green all the time.
B:Making clothes from green trees.
C:Putting green make-up on your face.
D:Wearing clothes that are good for the Earth.Wang Bing is a 12-year-old boy. He likes sports very much and does well in sports.
One afternoon, he comes out of the classroom and sees his father waiting for him at the school gate. He is very glad and he runs to his father. "Dad, please don't wait for me after school next time. I can go home by myself . I have grown up." says Wang Bing.
"Let's go," says the father, "I'll cook supper and you can do your homework at home: Mum is still at work."On their way home, Wang Bing sees some boys skating in a park. "Can I go and learn skating. Dad?" asks Wang Bing. "I'm sorry, my boy. You must go home and do your homework," answers his father, "but I can buy you an ice-cream." Then his father buys an ice-cream for him. When Wang Bing wants to eat it, a fly  flies to the ice-cream.
"Drive off  the fly,' says his father, "it's very dirty  ."But Wang Bing says with a smile. "You don't let me skate, but can you let him skate for a while ?"
The question is: On the way home, Wang Bing wants to  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:eat an ice-cream
B:play basketball
C:go swimming
D:learn skatingLegend has it that an apple which fell from its branches was the inspiration for Sir Isaac Newton's discovery of gravity . But now history's famous fruit tree is paying the price of fame.
The thousands of visitors drawn to Sir Isaac's childhood home each year could be damaging the tree. A willow barrier has been put around the tree. It means visitors to the 17thcentury Woolsthorpe Manor, near Grantham, Lincolnshire, will no longer be able to sit under its branches as Newton was said to have been doing in 1665 when "the notion of gravitation came to mind."
The National Trust, which owns the small manor where Newton was born in 1642, said the 2ft-high barrier was designed to _ the tree. Official Ann Moynihan said there had been no damage so far but warned that there could soon be a problem."Visitor numbers have gone up by around 50 percent, to 33,000 a year in three years. The more people who visit, the more the earth will become compacted  around the tree and over the roots. We just want to _ the tree for another 400 years if we can."She said visitors will still be able to take apples from the tree.
Visitor Chris Gwyther,37,said,"I suppose it is a pity that you can't sit under the tree like Newton. But you can still see it and the tree is 400 years old, it needs saving for the future."
Newton left no information saying he had been inspired by a falling apple. The story appeared in a book by French philosopher Voltaire published in 1727, the year Newton died at the age of 84.
The question is: Which of the following sentences is true?
The possible answers are:
A:Newton himself wrote a letter about the story of the apple tree.
B:Newton's family owes Woolsthorpe Manor and tells the story.
C:Visitor numbers have gone up to 32,000 every year.
D:A French philosopher wrote the apple tree story in a book.Passage A
Shenzhou Travel Agency  
Five-day trip to Zhangjiajie                By train
Five-star hotel
Call Miss Li at 5678-9230 for more information.
Piano Lessons
Music teacher
Good at teaching kids from 5 to 10 years of age
Call Mary at 8230-7861
Babysitter  Wanted
A 2-year-old baby   At my home
From 8:00 am to 4:00 pm
A woman who is less than  45 years old
Be good with kids.
Call Mr Johnson at 5817-6291
Room for Rent 
One of two bedrooms
Share   kitchen and bathroom with a quiet and clean girl
E-mail Lisa at ryhou@hotmail.com
The question is: Who can teach children to play the piano?
The possible answers are:
A:Mary.
B:Miss Li
C:Mr Johnson.
D:Lisa.Helping your children to read and write at home will improve your children's skills and confidence -- it will also make them learn better in the classroom environment.
Reading and writing skills are needed by every child in every subject in every year of their school life and outside school. As parents, you can play an important role in improving your children's literacy   by practicing reading, writing, spelling and speaking with them outside school.
By listening, asking questions, giving information, and reading with your children outside school -- you can make a difference. Students who improve their reading and writing will increase their vocabulary and their ability to use English correctly.
Here's some advice on how to help your children to read, write and spell:
* reading aloud each night
* letting children take part in everyday conversations
* listening to your children read
* reading your children's writing
* using a dictionary
* encouraging your children to talk about funny things
* trying not to ask questions that require "yes" or "no" answers
* Practicing reading and writing by filling in forms, writing letters, sending cards or e-mails.
,.
The question is: Which is the BEST title for the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:How to teach young children
B:How to read and write
C:Helping children read and write
D:Practicing reading and speakingA recent research shows that physical activity  may help students do better in their classes. The research comes because educators in some countries are reducing time for activities like P.E. class.
Researchers go over the results of fourteen studies. Twelve were from the United States, one from Canada and one from South Africa. The studies appeared between 2009 and 2013. They included more than 55,000 children, aged six to eighteen.
Thomas Singh, one of the researchers, says the studies showed a relationship between physical activity and scores on subjects such as math, English and reading. Ms. Singh offers some possible explanations  :
" There are, first, physiological   explanations, like more blood flow, and so more oxygen   to the brain. Being physically active means there are more hormones( ) produced like endorphins ( ). And endorphins make your stress level lower and your mood improved, which means you will perform better in class. Also, students who take part in organized sports learn rules and how to follow them. This could improve their classroom behavior and help them know what they should do.
All in all, the finding tells us that physically active kids are more likely to do better in school. Ms. Singh says schools should consider the finding before they cut physical education programs.
The question is: How many countries took part in the studies?
The possible answers are:
A:14.
B:12
C:2.
D:3.What do you like? Different people like different things. Some people like loud music, other people don't. They think it is too noisy. They like soft music. Many people like sports, but they do not like the same sports.
In some countries, cricket  is a very popular sport. In others, it is not popular at all. No one plays it and few people watch it on TV. The World Cup is very popular. Millions of people watch the games on TV. Some people don't like doing sports. They just like to watch other people playing.
Different people like different foods. Some people do not like meat. They eat most kinds of fruits and vegetables. Some people do not like potatoes and bread. They prefer rice or corn.
Not everyone like the same colors. Most people have a favorite color. Some people like bright colors. Others prefer pale colors. The world is an interesting place because we all like different things.
The question is: Which sentence is true?
The possible answers are:
A:Most people have a favorite color
B:No one likes bright colors.
C:Everyone likes bright colors
D:Few people prefer pale colorsMy name is John Smith. I come from America. I am 12  years old. I live in Shanghai with my parents. I am a student. I am in Class Three Grade Seven. My English teacher is Linda. Mr Zhang is my Chinese  teacher. He is from Wuhan. Wuhan is a beautiful city. Li Hua is my best friend. He likes playing basketball. My favourite colour is blue, but Li Hua likes red best. Do you want to make friends with me ? My QQ  number is 609183317.
The question is: Where is Mr Zhang from?
The possible answers are:
A:America
B:Japan
C:China
D:EnglandDonny, an 11 year-old boy, is playing with a ball. The ball goes into the street, and Donny runs for the ball. A car hits  Donny.
An ambulance  takes Donny to the hospital. The doctors at the hospital tell Donny's parents, " _ ".
Every day Donny's parents visit him at the hospital. They sit next to Donny's bed and talk to him. But Donny never talks to them. He just sleeps.
One day Donny's father says, "Wake up, Donny. Wake up and come home. Come home and play with Rusty. "
When Donny's father says "Rusty", Donny moves his arm. "Rusty! " Donny's father says again. Again, Donny moves his arm.
Donny's parents have an idea. They tell the nurses, "We want to bring Rusty to the hospital". The nurse says "OK".
The next day, Donny's parents bring Rusty to the hospital. When they put her on Donny's bed, Donny opens his eyes and hugs her.
Donny's parents bring Rusty to the hospital every day. One day, Rusty jumps on Donny's bed and scratches  Donny's arm. Donny says his first words: "Bad dog!"
After seven weeks, Donny is well. He leaves the hospital and goes home.
The question is: Donny is  _   in the street when a car hits him.
The possible answers are:
A:moving his arm
B:walking with his parents
C:talking with his dog
D:running for a ballGenerally speaking, American food is not very thick in taste. Salads are much liked and are served all year round. Many Americans are trying to keep down their weight. This is shown in menus offering "low calorie " or "weight watchers" meals. In markets, one can find "No Cal" drinks (meaning without calories) such as cola.
Many Americans drink coffee or tea with their meal. If a waiter in an American restaurant asks "Now or later?", what he means is "Do you want coffee with your meal or later?" When eating out in the USA, we can ask for tea, milk, beer, and so on, if we prefer these to coffee. American restaurants cannot serve beer, wine, or liquor unless they are licensed to do so.
The main dish in American meals is usually meat, chicken or fish, but more than one of these is hardly served at the same meal.
Most Americans eat quickly during the day--that is, breakfast and lunch--unless it is a social, business, or family situation. The evening meal, however, is usually a family time. Racing through daytime meals is part of the "American pace" of life, for working hours are considered important.
The nationwide fast-food restaurants are suitable for the ways of American eating. The standard  products, of nearly the same price, are served quickly, and taste the same whether bought in New York City or in Los Angeles.
McDonald's is a popular restaurant. It offers many choices of hamburgers, French fries and "cokes". These foods are rich in fats, sugar and salt. Often, they are the major meal of the day of many young working people.
The question is: This passage mainly talks about  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:American restaurants and people
B:American eating culture
C:American working situation
D:American food and priceHello, I'm Peter in the second grade. Now I have one thing to say: It's not easy being a kid. Being a kid might look like fun, but sometimes it's not fun at all.
Yesterday I was playing outside with my friend. We were having a good time. But suddenly, my mother said, "Peter, it's time to come inside now. It's getting dark." When you're an adult, no one can tell you what to do or when to do it.
When you are a kid, you have to get up early in the morning and go to school. At school, you have to study math, English, science and history. After school, you have to do your homework. When you are an adult, you do not have to go to school and you never have homework to do.
When you are a kid, the older kids sometimes _ you. When I was walking home from school on Monday, Tom and Steve bothered me. Steve took my schoolbag and put it in a tree. It made me very mad. When you are an adult, no one can pick on you.
When you are a kid, you have to go to bed early. On school nights, my mom asks me to go to bed at 9:00 pm. But I do have parents who love me, which is really great. So I think I like being a kid, even though it's not easy being a kid.
,.
The question is: Which of the following is NOT true according to the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:Peter is a student in Grade Two.
B:Peter usually goes to bed at 9:00 pm on school nights.
C:Steve took Peter's schoolbag and put it in a tree on Monday.
D:Peter is looking forward to being an adult as soon as possible.Can you swim? Swimming is one of the most popular activities in summer. It can be learned early in life. Little children can learn to swim as soon as they walk. In fact, you need the same skills in walking as in swimming. However, I believe that five is the best age to learn it. By five or six, a child knows fear of water, a very important thing to know. It's wise to be afraid. The young understand that the water can sometimes be very dangerous.
When you swim, you should follow certain rules:
Never swim alone! No matter how good you are in the water, don't risk drowning by swimming alone. If you swim by yourself, you may get into trouble.
Don't go beyond your abilities. Most swimmers know it clearly not to swim too far from the bank or the beach.
Don't show off your skills by doing dangerous tricks.
Don't smoke. Swimming depends on a healthy body.
Work at any activity that builds muscles  .
The question is: The writer believes it's very  _  for a child to know the fear of water.
The possible answers are:
A:important
B:useful
C:dangerous
D:badPassage 1  Mobile Phone Madness
How much do you love your mobile phone? A Chinese student had to call 110 for help this week after he got his arm stuck in a toilet trying to rescue  his mobile phone. After dropping his phone in the toilet, he decided to wrap(,) his arm in newspaper in the hopes of keeping clean. But the newspapers became larger in size in the water, and then even his roommates couldn't help him pull his arm out. So policemen were called and they spent an hour unsticking the stuck student.
Passage 2  Crazy Pet Lovers
How much do you love your pets? Many people in China are famous for how much they love their pets. They dress them up in fashionable clothing and buy them high quality food. But would they spend 7,000 English pounds (68,000 yuan) on a wedding  for their pets? And that's what a couple in Brazil spent on a fancy wedding for their pet Yorkshire terriers( a kind of dog).
Passage 3  Oh, rats!
When something goes wrong, you can often hear Westerners cry "Oh, rats". But when it comes to Southern China, "Oh, rats!" can mean it's what you want for dinner. According to a report in China Daily, some restaurants in Guangzhou serve rat meat. But, actually, most of those rats are field mice. What would Mickey Mouse say?
Passage 4  Liar , liar
Here's some news that most women already know. Men tell more lies than women. The London Daily Mail cites  a new study that says men tell about three lies a day, while women tell only two lies a day. Men are also less likely to feel guilty about lying, according to this week's survey of 3,000 people by a research organization called One Poll. According to the Poll, lying to our mothers is very popular. But then, so is lying at work. And both men and women will lie when it comes to how much they've drunk. So how easy is it to tell when someone is lying?
The question is: According to the new study on lying, which of the following is not true?
The possible answers are:
A:Women tell less lies than men.
B:Women are more likely to feel guilty about lying.
C:Lying at work is more popular than lying to our mothers.
D:Neither men nor women want to tell the truth about how much they have drunk.Do you like playing football? If you do, you may want to join  the school football team. Read on and see how to join the school football team.
The first step  is to know the information about the team. You can ask these questions. Then you can find more information. How many students are there in the football team? How many new players do they need? How often do they play football?
The second step is to practice. Practice football with your friends or your family. Only good players can join the school football team. So you need to practice your skill.
The third step is to study hard. If you don't do well in your study, your teachers and parents won't let you join the football team.
The last step is to _ . Have a good rest and you can be the best player.
The question is: Which step is about studying hard?
The possible answers are:
A:The first step.
B:The second step.
C:The third step.
D:The last step.Friends are very important in our everyday life. Everyone needs friends. We all like to feel close to someone. It is nice to have a friend to talk, laugh and do things with. Certainly, sometimes we need to be alone. We don't always want people around. But we would feel lonely if we never had a friend.
No two people are just the same. Friends sometimes don't get on well. That doesn't mean that they no longer like each other. Most of the time they will make it up and become friends again.
Sometimes friends move away. Then we feel very sad. We miss them very much but we can call them or write to them. We can also make new friends. It is encouraging to find out how much we like new people when we get to know them.
There's more good news for people who have friends. They live longer than people who don't. Why? Friends can make us feel happy. Being happy helps you stay well. If someone cares about you, you will take better care of yourself.
The question is: People often feels   _   if they have no good friends.
The possible answers are:
A:happy
B:sad
C:lonely
D:unpopularFriends around the word
The sun shines on new friends in new places. Some of the places are similar to the places where you live and some are not. But all of these friends love to sing and play.
A Friend in Korea
Hi, I'm Chang--Yong, and I'm 15 year old. My family lives in an apartment in Seoul, the capital of South Korea. The spring here is warm and beautiful. On special days, I dress in a silk jacket called Hanbok.
A Friend in Australia
Hi, John is my name. I'm an Aboriginal Australian, Aborigines have lived in Australia for many years. I live with our mother in the country. My favorite season is autumn. It's cool. We often wear T--shirts.
A Friend in Tanzania
Hello, my name is Manka, and I live in Tanzania. It's always hot here. Most of us live in wooden huts with grass roofs. My father takes care of the cattle. Cattle are very important for us.
A Friend in Canada
Hi, I am called Kipanik . We live in northern Canada .near the North Pole. It is snowy and cold most of the time here. So I often wear a heavy coat. My family often uses a dog sled to travel through areas covered with snow.
The question is: On special days,Chang-Yong wears   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:a silk jacket
B:a T- shirt
C:a dress
D:a coatShenzhen is a city in South China.It is not very big, but it has attracted people of the whole country and the whole world as well.
Just about twenty years ago, it was only a small fishing village.There were not many people there. Most of them lived on fishing.Things have greatly changed since the 1980s.It became the first special economic zone  in China.
Because of the opening policy , economic changes between China and the outside world have increased greatly.People can come and go easily between Shenzhen and Hong Kong.Both foreigners and Chinese have built a lot of factories, companies and tourists' attractions there.People all over the country have come to find jobs.Many of them have settled down in this new booming  city.
Shenzhen is developing so fast that it has become a well-known metropolis  in China.
The question is: Shenzhen lies  _  China.
The possible answers are:
A:in south of
B:to south of
C:in north of
D:on south ofMr. and Mrs. Black want to go to Beijing. But their dog Bobby can't go there with them. So they leave him in a dog shop.
It is Sunday. Mr. and Mrs. Black get back home from Beijing very late at night. So they don't get Bobby back. On Monday morning, Mr. Black brings the dog back in his car. When he gets home, he says to his wife, "Bobby barks all the time. I think he wants to tell me something. He doesn't like the shop?"
Mrs. Black looks at the dog carefully   and then says, "You're quite right. He wants to tell you something. He wants to tell you that you bring the wrong   dog home."
.
The question is: ?
The possible answers are:
A:Mr. and Mrs. Black work in a shop.
B:Mr. Black brings the dog back by bike.
C:Mr. Black brings the wrong dog home.
D:Mr. and Mrs. Black get back home on Saturday.American Schools
American schools begin in September after a long summer holiday. There are two terms  in a school year. The first term is from September to January, and the second is from February to June. Most American children begin to go to school when they are five years old. Most students are seventeen or eighteen years old when they finish high school.
High school students take only four or five subjects  each term. They usually go to the same classes every day, and they have homework for every class.  After class they do many interesting things.
After high school, many students go to college . They can go to a small one or a large one. They usually have to give a lot of money. So many college students work after class to get the money for their studies.
The question is: What do many college students do after class in America?
The possible answers are:
A:Many of them read books after class.
B:Many of them go to work to get money for their studies.
C:Many of them go to parties.
D:Many of them go out with their friends.Jack is a twenty-year-old young man. Two years ago, when he finished middle school, he found work in a shop. Usually he works until ten o'clock in the evening. He is very tired when he gets home. After a quick supper he goes to bed and soon falls asleep. His grandma who lives downstairs is satisfied with   him.
One day, on his way home, he met Mary. They were both happy. He asked the girl to his house, she agreed happily. He bought some fruit and drinks for her. And they talked about their school, teachers, classmates and their future  . They talked for a long time.
"Have a look at your watch, please," said the girl. "What time is it now?"
"Sorry, something is wrong with my watch," said Jack. "Where's yours?"
"I left it at home."
Jack thought for a moment and found a way. He began to stamp his foot on the floor, "Bang! Bang! Bang!"
The sound woke his grandma up. The old woman shouted downstairs, "It's twelve o'clock in the night, Jack. Why are you still jumping upstairs?"
,.
The question is: Jack stamped his foot on the floor in order     _  .
The possible answers are:
A:to wake his grandma up
B:to make his grandma angry
C:that his grandma was going to tell him the time
D:that his grandma was going to buy him a watchWe humans can play the piano . of course we play the piano with our ten fingers . But Teotronica can play with its 19 fingers . Teotronica is not a human . It is a robot . It is a special robot which can play the piano like humans .
Nattei Suzzi is the inventor of Teotronica . Matteo Suzzi comes from Italy and he is more than thirty years old . He was interested in science when he was young . He always likes to use his head to create amazing things . He spent four years making the musical robot . He made the piano-playing robot at a cost of about 4,700 dollars .
Teotronica is a special and great robot . It has more fingers than humans . It plays the piano faster than a human . Teotronica can sing as well when it plays the piano . It is the first robot to do so and many people feel excited to see it ,. Teotronica can even use its eyes to interact with humans because there are cameras in its eyes .Teotronica is amazing , isn't it ?
The question is: How long did it take Matteo Suzzi to make Teotronica ?
The possible answers are:
A:Two years .
B:Three years .
C:Five years .
D:Four years .At my school, we have a lot of interesting activities after class. Among these activities, I like the English Party best. Every September, we have an evening party. It starts at 8:00 pm. The students do different things at the evening party. Some sing English songs with our foreign friends. Some girls dance. Some other people play the piano, the violin and the drums when they are singing or dancing. Also, we play some interesting games together. Everyone is happy and has a good time at the party. Usually, the party lasts three hours, but we feel the time is too short. Happy hours always pass so quickly.
:
The question is: When does the party end?
The possible answers are:
A:At 8:00 pm
B:At 10:00 pm
C:At 11:00 pm
D:At 11:30 pmOne day, I had a bad toothache. I couldn't eat anything. So I went to see the dentist.
" What's wrong with your teeth? " asked the dentist.
" I have a toothache. " I told him.
" Let me see your teeth ...... Um, there's a hole in one of the teeth. Do you eat a lot of sweet food? " The dentist asked me.
" Yes, I do. I often eat ice cream, biscuits, chocolate and I often drink cola and milk with sugar, " I told him.
" All these are bad for your teeth. You must eat less sweet food and brush your teeth at least twice every day. Now let me fill your bad tooth. "
The question is: Which of the following is true ?
The possible answers are:
A:The dentist filled all the writer's bad teeth.
B:The dentist didn't fill the writer's bad teeth.
C:The dentist pulled the writer's bad tooth out.
D:The dentist filled the writer's bad tooth.To make Chinese students healthier and stronger, China's Ministry of Education   has started a campaign. The campaign asks students to run every school day. Te campaign has started since October last year and will last until April this year.
Kids at primary schools have to run 1km per day. It's 1.5kms for middle school students and 2 kms for high  school and university students. And records will be set for every student. By the end of April 2009, a primary school student has to run 120kms in total/ A middle school students have to run 240kms by that time.
Since the campaign started, people have had different ideas about it. Some people think it is good for students. They think the campaign can make students healthier. Some students have little exercise and the campaign can make them run. But some people don't think so. They think some schools don't have enough place for students to do running. If students have to run on the road, maybe it is not safe. They also think there are many ways to become healthier; running is not the only way. So they think the campaign is not a right decision.
The question is: How many kilometers will a high school student run in total during the campaign?
The possible answers are:
A:120kms.
B:180kms.
C:240kms.
D:200kms.Nate Robinson is unlike any other player in the NBA. This player is the shortest in the NBA, but he is one of the most fearless players. He is 1.75m tall. "In NBA, he looks like a fourth-grader among a group of high school students," according to The Atlantic.
How can he compete   with them? Robinson _   for this with his ability to jump. Without moving forwards or backwards, he can jump up to 110cm. However, confidence helps him more. "People talk about my height all the time, but I don't really feel smaller than anyone else," said Robinson. "I always think I'm on fire  ." No matter who you are or what you've won, he's going to come at you. With that spirit, he has won the NBA Slam Dunk Contest  three times. Also, he has made many wonderful blocks  .
Chicago Bulls played Miami Heat on May 10, 2013. LeBron James, the 2.03-meter-tall player from Miami Heat, went to shoot. But Robinson blocked him. He also blocked Shaquille O'Neal in Cleveland Cavaliers and even Yao Ming in Houston Rockets.
Nate Robinson is a hero. He has given many basketball fans hope. Maybe one day, you can also block big guys like LeBron James!
The question is: According to the report, Nate Robinson once played for  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:Chicago Bulls
B:Miami Heat
C:Houston Rockets
D:Cleveland CavaliersSaturday, March 20, 2010
Dear Mom and Dad,
The time has come: I'm graduating, and I thank you both for all your help during these 15 years. I still remember when you used to say, "You can be whatever you want". I'm so glad you are my parents, especially when I hear kids say they don't get on well with theirs. I'm glad that you support me when I decide to do anything. You always try to help, and that's important to me.
Dad, I remember when you first took me fishing. I loved going even though I never caught anything. I also remember when you would get angry with me. I realize you were only trying to show me the right way. When I would cry, you would always be there to try to cheer me up. That's what I call a good, loving, caring dad. Sometimes you and Mom don't agree with me, but you are there by my side in anything that I do, and that's why I love you both so much.
Mom, I enjoy going out with you and having our happy time every Friday night, and I hope that never changes. I love telling you everything; the best part about you is that you listen. I'm glad we do a lot together. You love to have fun, and _ You always give me your opinion and I listen.
Thank you for bringing me up.
Love always,
Allison
The question is: What makes Allison and her mother good friends?
The possible answers are:
A:Cheering up each other
B:Listening to each other and having fun together.
C:Encouraging each other.
D:Going out together.Our voice gives away a lot of information about ourselves. It can tell us our gender and age. And now, scientists say that it can also tell us our height.
Scientists at Washington University, Indiana University and University of California found that listeners could accurately tell the height of speakers, just by their voices. And the key to this mystery is a sound known as the subglottal resonance . It _ with height and helps us build a mental picture of a person.
"The best way to think about subglottal resonances is to imagine blowing into a glass bottle with water. The less water in the bottle, the lower sound," said John Morton, a scientist at Washington University. And it's the same for humans. The frequency of the subglottal resonance depends on the height. The taller we are, the deeper the resonance frequency is.
In order to find out whether people could identify the resonance, scientists did experiments. A number of same-sex pairs of different heights were told to read the same sentence aloud. It was played back to listeners who had to choose which one of the pairs was taller. Then, other listeners had to rank the speakers from the shortest to the tallest. The listeners were able to identify the tall people 62.17% of time, much higher than a lucky guess.
Why not try the experiment yourself? Find out if your tall friends have deeper voices.
The question is: According to the study, taller people usually have a   _   voice.
The possible answers are:
A:deeper
B:louder
C:lower
D:higherHello!I'm Lucy. We have three new teachers this term. But I like the English teacher best. Who is she? She is Linda Smith. Do you want to know her?
Linda is very beautiful. Look! She has a round face, two big blue eyes, a straight nose and a small mouth. Her hair is very long. And she is not tall and not short. She likes wearing a white dress. She looks like an angel. Linda works very hard every day. And she is strict with us, but she is kind. Her class is very interesting. In class, she is our teacher. After class, she is our friend. Ms Smith is good at ping-pong and singing. We all like her.
The question is: Linda has two big eyes and a   _  mouth.
The possible answers are:
A:small
B:big
C:round
D:redBeijing is the capital of China. It is also one of the birthplaces of the Chinese civilization   and one of the six ancient capital cities in China. It is the second biggest city with an area of 17,020 square kilometers. Beijing is changing every day and it is becoming more and more beautiful. Now there are a lot of new buildings, modern shopping malls and large markets.
In the past, Beijing was very clean and quiet and most people went to work or school by bike. Things have changed a lot. Now people can take the bus, the underground or the taxi to go to work or school. It is fast and convenient.
The changes in Beijing have brought many advantages but they have also caused some problems: air pollution, noise pollution, sandstorms and lots of traffic.
The question is: Which is the best title of this passage?
The possible answers are:
A:Beijing is the capital of China.
B:Birthplace of China.
C:The problems Beijing have now.
D:Beijing's past and present.Every year there is the Spring Festival in China. Usually it is in January or February . It is the most important festival in China. So before it comes, everyone has to prepare things. They buy pork, beef, chicken, fruit and many other things. And they often make a special  kind of food called "dumplings". It means "come together" in Chinese. On the day before the festival, parents buy new clothes for their children and children also buy presents for their parents. On Spring Festival's Eve, all the family members come back to their home. This is a happy moment. They sing, dance and play cards. Others get the dinner ready. When they enjoy the meal, they give each other the best wishes for the coming year. They all have a good time.
The question is: The food "dumplings" means "_".
The possible answers are:
A:be delicious
B:be hungry
C:come together
D:be happyChinese Premier Wen Jiabao promised that the country would take actions to improve school bus safety on Sunday, a day after China saw its second terrible school bus accident in November, 2011.
"School buses should be safe mobile campuses  for students," the premier said at a national meeting on women and children, "Society  should remember in mind that children should be the first to enjoy all kinds of social caring and the last ones to suffer from any disaster."
School buses have become a hot topic in China since the deaths of 21 people, including 19 pre-school students, in a traffic accident between a truck and a school-owned minibus in Gansu province on Nov. 16, 2011. The nine-seat minibus was carrying 64 people at the time of the accident, according to the reports.
The second accident, in which a school bus in the northern province of Liaoning _ on Friday, left 35 people injured, according to China Daily.
"In recent days, a series of big accidents involving school buses has led to great anger among the people. These accidents have also made me uncomfortable," said Mr Wang, an old teacher from Jiangsu. And he also thought that school bus safety must become a serious problem for schools and the government.
Premier Wen has already asked the government to develop new safety standard   for school buses and made sure to help local government with safe buses for school-age children.
The question is: Which of the following sentences is Not True?
The possible answers are:
A:21 pre-school students died in the school bus traffic accident in Gansu.
B:35 people were hurt in the school bus accident in Liaoning.
C:Mr Wang thought school bus safety was a serious problem.
D:The government has been asked to develop new safety standard for school buses.A man from a big city with a new cart and a beautiful pair of horses was driving along a country road . He did not give much attention to where he was going. Very soon he knew he lost his way, but he kept on driving hoping he would meet someone or find his way back.
It was a long way. For many hours he kept on driving. When it was almost dark he saw a farmer who was working in a field. He stopped and shouted, "Hello, farmer!" "Hello, yourself!" the farmer answered, still working.
"Where does this road go?"
"I have never seen it go anywhere. It always stays where it is." said the farmer, without stopping his work.
"How far is it to the next town?" said the stranger, with a little louder voice.
"I don't know. I've never measured   it ." Answered the farmer.
By the time the city man was getting angry. "What do you know? You're the biggest fool I've seen."
The farmer stopped and turned and looked for a while at the man. Then he said, "Maybe I do not know much, perhaps I'm a fool. But at least I'm not lost."
The question is: The city man said "Hello, farmer" because   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:he was friendly to everyone
B:he saw an old man in the country
C:he lost his way and he wished the farmer who would show him the way
D:he was very happyOn Friday afternoon, Mr. Tian, the Chinese teacher asks his students to write an article . The topic is My Beautiful Mother. Mr. Tian says to the students,"You can go home after you finish it. "
All the students except Xiao Hong begin to write. They want to go home early. Xiao Hong is sitting there and thinks of her activities on weekends. She usually plays basketball on Monday afternoon if it is sunny. She plays volleyball on Tuesday afternoon. On Wednesday she plays tennis. She often plays ping-pong on Thursday. And she likes playing soccer on Friday afternoon.
She raises her head and looks around. There are only five students except her in the classroom. Forty students hand in their articles and leave for home. She is a little worried .
She thinks it over, and then, she has a good idea. She writes down the words on the paper: My mother is a tall and healthy woman. She is really beautiful. If you look at her daughter, you can know all about her.
The question is: Xiao Hong doesn't begin because she  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:thinks of her activities
B:isn't in the classroom
C:thinks it is easy
D:feels it interestingThere is a park near my home. People like to go to this park after work. Some of them go to the park every day. Look! That is Mr. King. He is sitting on a chair and watching the children. Some children are playing a game. Some boys are playing soccer. Lucy and Lily are standing under a tree. They are talking. There is a small river in the park. We can see some boats on the water. Some children are sitting in the boats with their fathers and mothers. Listen! A girl is singing. This is really a nice park. I come here after school every day.
The question is: What is Mr. King doing?
The possible answers are:
A:He's sitting on a chair and watching the children.
B:He's playing a game.
C:He's sitting in a boat.
D:He's singing.It is a fine Saturday morning. Lily and Lucy get up at six thirty. They want to go to the Great Wall  with their mother. At seven fifty they are in a big bus to the Great Wall. There are forty people in it. Some of them are Americans, some are English. There are two Chinese in the bus, too. One is a woman. She is driving the bus. The other is a young man. He's now talking about the Great Wall in English. They are listening to him. At about nine o'clock, they get to the Great Wall.
The question is: Lily and Lucy want to go to the Great Wall   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:on Saturday morning
B:on Sunday morning
C:in a fine day
D:in a cloudy morningWe people have homes.Animals have homes,too.
Some animals live under the ground.The woodchuck lives in the holes under the ground.His home has two doors.If someone comes in through one door,he will go out through the other door.Some birds live in the holes in the trees.They come out for food during the day and go back to sleep at night.But most birds live iust in the trees.It's very interesting that turtles usually carry their homes on their backs.Bees always work hard to make their homes.Cats,dogs and some other pets live in people's homes.And we can see many kinds of animals in the zoo,so the zoo is also a big home for animals.
The question is: According to the passage,most birds  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:live in the holes in the trees
B:come out for food during the day and at night
C:live just in the trees
D:live under the groundDriving a car at a high speed   along a highway seems to be fun. You need only to follow the bright traffic signs   beside the highways and they will take you to where you wish.
But to a London taxi driver, driving is not an easy job. A taxi driver has to have not only skills but also a good knowledge of the city of London, from the smaller road to the most popular bar  .He has to be at the service of all kinds of people at all times. He usually goes home between 2 and 3 o'clock in the morning. There are times he has to stay longer and try to _ 
London taxi drivers not only "take" but also "give". Every summer hundreds of children from London will go for a day at the sea by taxi! Their rides are paid by the taxi drivers. At the sea, they are met by the mayor  , and the lunch party is also held for the drivers and children. After a happy day running around the beaches and visiting the markets, the children go home again by taxi, and free  of charge  , of course!
The question is: Children who go for a day at the sea   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:are wanted by the mayor
B:are given free rides
C:must take some food for lunch
D:are top studentsLily is ten years old . One morning her good friend MeiMei says to her, " Next Friday is my birthday. Would you like to come to my birthday party?" Lily says " Yes, I would like to".
On Friday, Lily asks her mother, " Can I go to MeiMei's birthday party" "Yes, but you must be polite .and I want you to sing a song for your friend." "Ok. Mum" Lily answers and goes to MeiMei's home on foot. Then she buys a toy for MeiMei.
At the party there are many children. Some are dancing . Some are talking. Some are playing cards. And Lily is singing an English song .There are some apples , oranges , bread , and a big birthday cake with eleven candles on it . The children sit around the cake. MeiMei makes a silent wish, and then blows the candles out in one breath. The children have a good time. Then Lily goes home by bus.
The question is: What is on the table?
The possible answers are:
A:An apple, two oranges and a birthday cake with candles on it
B:apples , oranges, bread and a birthday cake with candles on it
C:some apples , bread and a birthday cake with candles on it
D:some apples , oranges and a birthday cake with candles on itEvery year, we celebrate many special days-Mother's Day, Father's Day, and New Year's Day. In some countries, there is a special day for playing tricks on others. In North America and parts of Europe, this day is known as April Fool's Day, and is celebrated on April 1.
Many people believe that the French started April Fool's Day. Centuries ago, New Year's Day in Europe was April 1. In 1582, the calendar changed and King Charles IX of France moved it to January 1.
Some people did not like this, and chose to keep April 1 as New Year's Day. Many called these people 'April fools' and played jokes and tricks on them. Over time, April 1 became a day to have fun in France. It then spread to England and Scotland, and later, to North America.
On April Fool's Day, jokes are common. In the United States, for example, a person may move a friend's clock ahead one hour, or change the sugar and salt. In Scotland, April Fool's Day lasts for two days. The second day is called 'Taily Day'-for one's 'tail'. On this day, people might secretly put a sign saying 'kick me' on a person's back or behind. Other countries have their own 'Fool's Day'. In Spain and Mexico, people play tricks on each other on December 28. In India, it happens on March 31.
In many countries around the world, April 1 is a day of fun. Jokes bring about a lot of laughter, and many shouts of 'April Fool'!
The question is: Which country is NOT mentioned   in the passage as celebrating 'Fool's Day'?
The possible answers are:
A:England.
B:India.
C:Mexico.
D:Japan.Open today's newspaper. What do you see?  Ads!  Turn on the TV. Still more ads!  Everywhere you look, someone has something to sell.
Here are some ways ads get us to buy.
Some ads use famous people. Stars are paid to sell a product. Think about it. Do they really know about medicine?  Do they know about soft drinks?  These people may be famous. But they may not know about what they are selling.
Some ads make you think you're getting the words of experts . A man in a white coat comes on TV. He looks nice. "I use White and Black, " he says. This man looks like a doctor. But he is an actor. He has been paid to sell this product.
Does soap  have anything to do with a pretty child?  Not much. But ads may show their products with something nice, such as the sun, the flowers and so on. Such an ad is about feelings rather than fact.
Ads are full of strong words like "new" and "power" . They can help a product sell. The soap may be called "Spring Rain". A car may be called "Tiger". Strong words work on our feelings.
Some ads make promises . But can they keep them?  No. Some ads use our fear of being too late. "Buy now! " they say, "Selling ends soon. " Check to see if this is true. Don't hurry. Take time to think.
All ads hope we will buy something, do something, or think in a certain way. Know what ads are doing. Ask questions to yourself. Don't let their words and pictures fool you.
uld not always believe the ads.
The question is: Some stars appear in the ads because   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:they know every product well
B:they are famous
C:they are all experts
D:they all like white coatsIn early November of 1503,during Christopher Columbus's fourth and final trip to America,his ship was seriously damaged in a storm.Columbus and his men had to live on a small island for several months while they tried to repair their ship and return to Spain.
At first,the local people on the island were very kind to the European visitors,giving them allthe food and clothes they needed to survive.However,as the months passed,the local people became more and more unhappy with their guests,who were tricking and stealing from them.Finally the locals decided to stop helping.Without food or any way to leave the island,Columbus's group was soon in serious trouble.
Luckily for Columbus,he had a book about the stars and planets on his ship.It described the movements of all the objects in the night sky.The book,written by a well-known German scientist,said there would be a total lunar eclipse on the evening of February 29,1504 and how long it would last.
Columbus worked out the difference in time between Germ any and North America.He then had a meeting with the local leaders just before the eclipse would take place.In this meeting,Columbus told them his god was angry because the local people were no longer giving food.So his god would take away the moon to punish them.The moment Columbus finished talking,just as he had planned,the moon began disappearing.
The local leaders grew frightened and quickly agreed to provide Columbus with food and anything else he wanted.But first,Columbus's god had to return the moon.Columbus told them he would have to discuss the idea with his god on his ship.Knowing the moon would stay completely hidden for about 48 minutes,Columbus returned just before the moon began to reappear.From that day on,until they finally left,Columbus and his men no longer had any trouble getting the food they needed.
The question is: Where did Columbus learn about the lunar eclipse?
The possible answers are:
A:From a book.
B:From the moon.
C:From his group.
D:From the locals.Two years ago my husband bought me a bicycle. If you live in a city, it is often faster than a car and you don't have to worry about parking . You can leave it anywhere. Because it has a seat at the back and a basket at the front, I can take my daughter to school, to the library, to the shops, to anywhere.
I use it most in summer when the weather is warm and dry. It can be very unhappy in winter when it is cold and the rain is heavy. Of course, you must be careful on a bicycle. Accidents are not the only problems. One day I went shopping and came back late. I found my front wheel  missing. So I have to walk to the bicycle shop.
My husband uses my bicycle sometimes for short journeys. He says it is better than waiting for a bus. He still uses his car for longer journeys. I think that all this sitting down is making him fat and lazy. On my bike I get lots of exercise and fresh air, and this makes me feel a lot younger.
The question is: In a city, a bike is better than a car because   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:it is much cheaper
B:it is often faster
C:it's not easy to buy a car
D:the weather is more pleasantThere is  a nice girl in our class. She is twelve. She is not tall and is not short. She is a little fat . She has a round face like an apple. She has big black eyes and a small nose. Her mouth is small, but her ears are big. Her hair is short and black. She likes red. She is often  in a red skirt. But today she is in a yellow T-shirt, blue pants and brown shoes. She has a toy dog. It's her friend.
,.
The question is: Her face is   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:tall
B:short
C:long
D:roundEverybody has a home. We people have homes,animals have homes,too.
Some animals live under the ground. The woodchuck  lives in holes  under the ground. His home has two doors. If anybody comes in one door, he goes out from the other door. Some birds live in nests  and trees. They come out for food in the day and go back to sleep at night. But many birds just live in the trees. Bees  work hard to make their homes. There are many,many little rooms in their house... Cows  ,sheep  and chicks  live in people's homes. And that is called farm.
We see all kinds of animals in the zoo. It's a big home for lots of animals.
The question is: Birds live  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:in holes
B:under the ground
C:on the farm
D:in nests and treesDear Emma,
Thanks for the photo of your family. Here is a photo of my bedroom.
Look at the photo. A bed, a desk, a chair, a bookcase and a computer are in my bedroom. My bed is near the window . The desk is beside  the bed and it's orange. The chair is near the desk. The bookcase is behind  the desk and it's black. An English dictionary and a Chinese dictionary are in the bookcase. My math, English and Chinese books and the computer are on the desk. My pencil box is on the desk, too. My pens and rulers are in the pencil box. My schoolbag is on the chair. My brother's white baseball and my sister's computer game are under my bed, but you can't see the baseball in the photo.
Yours,
Jack
The question is: Which of the following is NOT true?
The possible answers are:
A:Two dictionaries are in the bookcase.
B:The pens are in the pencil box.
C:The schoolbag is under the chair.
D:The baseball is Jack's brother's.Almost everyone likes dogs, and almost everyone likes to read about dogs. I have friend. He has a big police dog with the name Jack. Police dogs are very clever. Every Sunday afternoon my friend takes jack for along walk in the park. Jack likes these long walks very much. One Sunday afternoon a young man came to visit my friend. He stayed a long time. He talked and talked. Soon it was time for my friend to take Jack for walk. But the visitor still stayed. Jack became much worried. He walked around the room several times and then sat down in front of the visitor and looked at him. But the visitor paid no attention to Jack. He went on talking. At last Jack got angry. He went out of the room and came back a few minutes later. He sat down again in front of the visitor, but this time he took the visitor's cap in his mouth.
The question is: The visitor went on talking and   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:he didn't like Jack
B:he paid no attention to his cap
C:he didn't know that his cap was taken away by Jack
D:he paid no attention to JackMiss Wang asks her students about their future jobs. Let's look at their answers.
Bob: I'm going to be a cool spy   like James Bond. I know it is difficult and dangerous. I will work hard and I look forward to studying in America one day.
Mike: I'm going to be a mathematician  , because maths is my favourite subject. I think it's very interesting.
Meimei: I'm going to become a singer in the future. I love singing. I hope one day I can become famous.
Lisa: I want to be a charitarian  . I will make a lot of money and help the poor children in the future.
The question is: What is Mike's favourite subject?
The possible answers are:
A:English.
B:Chinese.
C:Maths.
D:Music.Hi, Peter. Thank you for your telephone call. I'm happy to tell you that we have a double room for you now. It's on the fifth floor. It faces the West Lake, so you can see it well. The price for each room is $150 per night. Every morning from 7:00 to 9:30, there is a free breakfast, but you have to pay if you have lunch and supper in the hotel. Remember to bring your ID card with you. If you have any more questions, please let us know and we will be pleased to help you. We _ you to come to the hotel on August 16. We hope you will enjoy your stay with us. Thanks again for choosing our hotel.
The question is: Peter wants to stay for 2 nights. How much does peter have to pay?
The possible answers are:
A:$ 150
B:$200
C:$300
D:$250Dear Dr Jackson,
My parents are never happy with me. They are always criticizing   my clothes, my hair and the music I listen to. They hate my friends' looks and they keep complaining when I go with them. I'm not allowed to stay out as late as my friends do, so I can't have any fun, My parents only seem to care about my school marks. Although I love them, sometimes I feel we live in different worlds. If they love me, can't they understand me? How can I make them understand me?
Dear Angel,
Your problem is common   to both teenagers and parents. Don't worry, bacause all this is natural.You see, your parents have grown up at a different time and they have different experiences. So, they think some things are strange, but you find the same things ordinary. For example, the music you like may sound like noise to them. Your parents love you, so they feel they must protect you from whatever they find strange.On the other hand, you don't want to be different from other teenagers, so you feel that your parents restrict you.
I think you should talk about this problem with your parents. Try to explain to them what you want and make them know they can believe you. Sooner or later. they'll find you are a responsible   person and they will give you more freedom  .
The question is: Which of the following is TRUE?
The possible answers are:
A:According to Dr Jackson, Angel's problem isn't usual.
B:Angel's father likes the music that Angel likes.
C:Angel should show her parents that she is a responsible person.
D:Angel doesn't love her parents at all.Chinese space trainer Wang Yuan has been chosen as one of the volunteers for the Mars-500 test project. He was very happy to be chosen and will accept the meaningful challenge  Another five volunteers are all space lovers., including three Russians, an Italy-Colombian and a Frenchman. They are about to feel what it's like to travel to Mars, only without leaving the earth. They are locked up together for a year and a half under a similar condition to the red planet during the whole process. So the experiment is called Mars-500.
When reporters asked what they would miss most during the 520-day special life, French trainer Charles said:"For me, it will be mainly my family, the sun and fresh air."
The Mars-500 test will be in a special building in Moscow, Russia. Although the people won't leave the building, they will fell as if they are on a real trip to the Mars. The most difficult thing will be to be separated  from the people that they used to live with. The trainer won't see sunsets, sunrises, won't feel rain for 18 months. That will be hard.
The main task is to study the "Man and environment". It'll care about the astronauts' getting experience and physical effects. The 520-day-test is divided into three parts,the first 250days to Mars, the middle 30days of landing on Mars, the last 240 days to return to the earth. Everyone will stay there alone for a long time and will work lonely. They will have to make decisions themselves and only then report to the earth, and the earth will tell them whether they do the right thing or not.
Each astronaut is preparing for the great challenge. It is learned that they will be launched early in June. And the experiment will end in November 2011.
The question is: The most difficult thing for the trainers is   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:no vegetables to eat
B:they can't watch TV
C:they can't see many people
D:they must lie all dayFrench doctors and American scientists have reported doing an operation in which the doctor was outside the operating room. This kind of operation is known as robotic operation.
Doctor Marescaux did the operation in an office in New York City last month, while a sixty-eight-year-old woman patient was in a hospital in Strasbourg, France.
A doctor in Strasbourg got the patient ready. He placed medical tools and a small video camera in her stomach area. Doctor Marescaux in New York watched the patient on a video screen. Then he used the computer to send messages to the robot machine. The robot moved the tools that cut the woman's gallbladder away. The woman got well soon after the operation and left the hospital two days later.
Experts say the main problem with such a robotic operation is based on high-speed telecommunications between the doctor and the robot. Technology must be able to send a doctor's order to a robot to move the tools quickly.
Experts also say a successful robotic operation will improve an operation. For example, the robot can make much smaller movements than a person can. A robot machine can turn tools in ways that a doctor's hand cannot.
Doctors say such a robotic operation will make possible safer and better operations in the future. They say it will improve doctor training. It will also mean that doctors could do an operation on people in dangerous places far away. And it could mean that people could have operations done by top doctors without having to travel to the city where doctors work.
The question is: We use the robot in the operation because   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:it can send messages at a high speed
B:even a top doctor can't do the operation himself
C:it can make the operation safer and better
D:operations can be done without any doctorsIt was reported today that in China, 56% of people who write blogs  do so as a personal diary and 83% use their blogs for sending messages to friends. It was also found that there is a strong East- West difference. In places like the US, blogs that offer information on news attract more readers but in China, blogs are more likely to be about sharing personal feelings.
It seems that bloggers can be divided into three types: IT bloggers, bloggers who record their ordinary feelings and media  bloggers.
When blogging first started, the IT people had the technological advantage and they took the chance to put their thoughts on the web. Some of these IT people now have had over a million people read their blogs.
The next wave of bloggers did not have any training as writers or in IT and wrote about normal daily life. Media bloggers, however, are trained writers, such as journalists and editors. When the many media bloggers
, the everyday bloggers lost most of their readers. Media bloggers have the advantage of knowing how to communicate well through the written words.
However, the normal bloggers are still out there and increasing in number. It seems that blogging is the new way to express your feelings. People feel like the world is listening to, or rather reading, their problems, even if they are not.
The question is: From the passage we know that   _   .
The possible answers are:
A:56% of the Chinese write blogs
B:people in US like to read blogs for news
C:the Chinese never share feelings with each other through blogs
D:the way that Chinese use blogs is not different from the WestWhenever the house gets quiet, Mrs. Smith knows just where to find her 6-year-old daughter Maria: lost in the world of stories.
"I like to read every time of the day," said Maria, a student at Creel Elementary School in Australia.
Maria's headmaster, Mrs. White, wants each of her 850 students and their families to learn the love of reading this year. She wants reading at home to become an activity of choice in every family, even during holiday breaks. "I truly realize reading should be an important part of everyone's life, and nothing should stop it." said Mrs. White.
"The aim we want most of all is to help children understand they can enjoy reading, as well as practice their skills," said Hannas, an education researcher. He suggested parents take their children to the library and allow them to pick out books that interest them.
Each night, students take home two books to read with their parents or other family members. They have to return the books the next day with a signed note from their parents showing that the books were read, and have passing tests that check how well they understand the books.
"We're trying to get parents into the habit of reading with their kids." said the headmaster. "Nothing is better than sitting on a sofa with your child and reading and laughing."
Through books, Mrs. Smith, a parent, said she's able to give her two daughters more experiences than she could.
"I think reading opens all the doors and creates imaginations in children," she said, "I think if you read well, you can succeed in anything in life."
The question is: To make sure how well the students understand the books, the school has to   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:give the students tests
B:ask their parents to write a note
C:return the books the next day
D:check how many books they have readDear Tim,
Today is Saturday. It's 7:00 in the evening in Beijing. I'm writing to tell you something about my life. My father is watching CCTV news. That's his favorite show. My brother is playing computer games. My dog Dick is taking the hat to me. He wants me to put it on and go out for a walk with him. What a clever dog!
Outside, I can hear cars and buses coming and going quickly. Also there are some boys playing ball games. It's really a noisy but happy evening. Do you think so?
What are your family doing? I know the time here is thirteen hours ahead of the time in New York. Please write to me soon. Best wishes!
Yours,
Daniel
The question is: The dog wants to   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:play with the hat
B:put the hat on its head
C:eat lunch
D:go out for a walkThere's always something deep in our soul that never dies. I moved to the small, busy town of Edison in New Jersey six years ago. It was during the second term of my fifth grade. My parents got new jobs and higher income, so they decided it was time to move from Woodbridge to a better, more educational town.
In the US, it is unnecessary to take a test to get into a "good" middle or high school. You just attend the school close to where you live. So, many parents will think about the quality (,) of the local school when they decide to buy a new house. My parents did the same. We finally chose Edison mainly because of the high quality of its school.
In New Jersey, an area with a good school usually means _ Asian people. There are about 300 students in our school. 55% are Asians and just under half of that are Chinese. There are so many Chinese people nearby that we even have our own Chinese school.
Edison is an old town, just like thousands of others in the United States. However, I have treated it as my hometown. That's where I spend much of my youth, and the memories there can't be moved at all.
The question is: Why did the writer's parents move to Edison?
The possible answers are:
A:Because they were born there.
B:Because it was a better educational town.
C:Because the writer began his fifth grade.
D:Because the writer didn't need to take a test.Once a king got two nice falcons from his son. He had never seen such beautiful falcons before. He loved them so much and he ordered the best falconer to train them to fly.
After several months, the king came to see how the training was going on. He found that one falcon had already been able to fly high in the sky, while the other was staying on the branch  of a tree quietly, just keeping still.
The king called all his falcons together and ordered them to try every way they could to make the other falcon fly. But none of them succeeded. One day, while the king was taking a walk in the forest, an idea came to his mind. Maybe someone who knew the natural environment well could solve this problem. He spent for a farmer who lived in the forest into his palace to train it at once.
The next morning, the king saw the other falcon flying above in the sky freely. " it is unbelievable !" shouted the king. How could you make it happen?"
The farmer replied,"It's very easy. I just cut off the branch where the falcon rested."
It is always the same to human beings. We all have "two flying wings" in our hearts as well, but we often seem not to notice them and stay where we just for safety and comfort. We won't realize we can fly so high and freely until the "branch" we are resting on breaks.
.
The question is: What did the king do after he got the two falcons?
The possible answers are:
A:He kept them on the branch of a tree.
B:He sent them to a farmer in the forest.
C:He made the best falconer train them to fly.
D:He set them free and let them fly in the sky.When someone walks into a room wearing bright colours, everyone seems to take notice. Beautiful bright colours can easily draw our attention. Fresh roses can cheer us up when we're feeling blue. Dressing up in colourful clothing can bring us into a more positive mood.
What shall I wear today? What colour should I choose?
Dressing yourself for the day is quite important whether you know it or not. Our moods often show what our bodies end up wearing. When you look in the mirror after you dress, train yourself to notice how you feel when you see yourself. Notice your mood. If you are not feeling yourself, could the colour of what you are wearing irritate   your nervous system? Did you never notice that before? We all know that dark colours can tell lies. They can make you look and feel older than you really are. That is why baby clothes never come in dark colours. To the mind, dark colours seem easier to hold power, but to the heart and feeling level, they don't help your heart to open. Bring happy colours and happiness to go hand in hand. Bright happy colours open your heart, calming your nervous system.
Some advice:
If you work around people who wear black, try to find a happy colour to look at to replace   the picture of dark colours in your mind.
At night, wear soft clothes in light colours to help your nervous system calm down and smooth it out, preparing yourself for sleep.
Don't dress children in dark colours because their nervous systems are just beginning to feel.
The question is: Which of the following colours shouldn't we choose to look at if a lot of people in your office wear dark clothes?
The possible answers are:
A:Black.
B:Green.
C:Yellow.
D:Red.Do you know Open Farm Sunday? It is a new day in Britain. It is the fourth mayional open day for the farming industry .Now it is setting more and more popular among people, especially among young people.
It is said that about 435 farms opened their gates to the public. The farmers invited people to their farms. Many people help the farmers work on the farms. They can do many things over there,such as water the crops and gather the crops. People could find pleasure of farming.
Open Farm Sunday is a good chance to enjoy the life of countryside,especially for people living in the cities.If you come to the farm,you will fall in love with the country life.Here you can listen to the birds,enjoy the beautiful _ of countryside breathe the fresh air and watch the crops grow.You can also work with the farmers and taste the produce,such as tomatoes and cucumbers.
One farmer said,"Welcome children to our farms. We will show you where your food comes from."
The question is: The farmer said they would show us children  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:how to work on the farm
B:where we could grow crops
C:where our food came from
D:the pleasure of faringMy name is Frank. I am from St. John Middle School in America. I am in Class Three, Grade
Seven. We study Chinese at school. Our Chinese teacher is Joy Black. He is not Chinese, but he is good at Chinese.
I have a lot of friends in my school. Jimmy is tall and has black hair. He is good at playing basketball. He is in the school basketball team  . May is short and she wears glasses. She is good at Maths. Sandra has long hair. She likes swimming. She is in the school swimming team. Maria is new here. She is from Hong Kong. She has black hair and big eyes. She is good at English and computers. Nick is tall. He has small eyes. He is funny. He plays football very well.
,
The question is: Swimming is   _   favourite sport.
The possible answers are:
A:Jimmy's
B:May's
C:Sandra's
D:Frank'sWelcome to our restaurant! We have many kinds of food and drinks here. We have fish, chicken, rice, eggs and vegetables for you to eat. We have apple juice, orange juice, milk and beer  for you to drink. Many people come here for dinner every day. We have Sichuan food, Shandong food and Guangdong food. All these Chinese food are nice to eat. _ . Would you like to have some? Please come in. Our telephone number is 6821-8301.
The question is: Many people come here for   _   every day.
The possible answers are:
A:dinner
B:lunch
C:breakfast
D:drinkingHello, everyone! My name is Peter. I think a good friend is like a mirror. I'm tall and have short hair. My best friend Jack looks similar to me. I'm quiet and like reading books. He likes reading, too. So we often spend time together reading and studying. I like sports. I play basketball very well and he is good at playing basketball too. I don't think it's easy for me to make friends because I'm quieter than most of the other boys. But I think friends are like books--you don't need a lot of them as, long as they're good.
Read and answer the questions(, )
The question is: What does Peter look like?
The possible answers are:
A:A mirror.
B:A good friend
C:He's tall and has short hair.
D:Reading booksWho could forget those sleepless nights last summer watching Germany beat Brazil  and Argentina  to win the 2014 World Cup in Brazil?
It was their fourth World Cup, and it gave them the No.1 position in FIFA . Germany is becoming the most important soccer team in the world. But how has this change happened? A newspaper offers a clue: "For over 10 years, German teams have been building in the right way."
After Germany scored only one goal at the 2000 European Championships, Germans wondered why the country no longer produced good young players. So in 2001, the German Football League required that all Bundesliga   clubs set up schools with youth teams from Under-12s to Under-23s.
The clubs now spend over EUR100 million (764 million yuan) on youth development every year. And they have improved young German players enough to put them among the best in Europe. For example, Bayern Munich  player Thomas Mueller, 25, who scored five times at the 2014 World Cup, was educated in one of the schools.
More than anything, though, it is team work that has pushed the Bundesliga forward. Bayern is the richest team in Germany, but the team helps its rivals   when needed.
Through the country's World Cup performances , the German soccer tradition is doing better than ever. Germany can play on top of the world for a few years yet.
The question is: Which of the following is TRUE according to the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:This year was the third time that Germany had won the World Cup.
B:Since 2001Bundesliga clubs have spent over EUR100 million on youth development.
C:It is believed that the German soccer team will perform well in the coming years.
D:In the first ten years of the 21st century, Germany produced many top young players in Europe.For years I went to school by bus,so I met many"familiar"strangers.We took the same bus but didn't know each other's names.I used to think it was impossible for us to be true friends.How wrong I was!Smiles from the"nameless"people have changed my thoughts.
The first time I got on the bus,I saw different faces.We met,greeted and cold faces turned into smiling faces.As days went on,we chatted like old friends.
But I felt it a pity that I was unable to set up the same friendship with a silent girl in the front of the bus.Her old clothing suggested that she didn't have much money,but she always took a cup of water for the driver.I guessed she was a kind girl.But why did she sit in silence instead of talking with us?Why did she never reply to our friendly greetings?Couldn't she smile?
Then,one evening,I got the answer.I walked to the park nearby and found the girl sitting alone under a tree,lonely and sad.I greeted her with the same warm smile that I had shown to her all these months,but this time her face turned red,then a shy smile appeared.As soon as she began her first words,I understood why she hadn't spoken to us before.Talking was hard for her.
I learnt her story:Her parents worked hard somewhere.She lived with her disabled grandparents.She said,"I can't express myself very well.Most of the time,I can't say what I want to say.I have no friends but...you always smile to me like an angel...so I also want to smile."That evening,we exchanged our names and we said goodbye like old friends.
Smile is the key to opening the door of the heart;it can break the cold walls in front of us.
The question is: Which of the following is TRUE?
The possible answers are:
A:The girl is very rich.
B:Smile is the key to closing the door of the heart.
C:The writer knew the name of the girl that evening.
D:The writer can't make friends with those nameless people on the bus now.Little Peter is a boy of nine. He began to go to school when he was six, and now he is in Grade Three. He lives not far from the school, but he is often late for class. He likes watching TV in the evening and goes to bed late, so he can't get up on time in the morning.
This term, Mrs. Black, Peter's aunt, teaches music in Peter's school. She is strict with Peter and often tells the boy to obey the school rules and come to school on time. Yesterday morning, Peter got up late. When he hurried  to school, it was a quarter past eight. His aunt was waiting for him at the school gate.
"You are ten minutes late for the first class, Peter," Mrs. Black said angrily. "Why are you often late for class?" "Every time, when I get to the street corner , I always see a guidepost . It says SCHOOL--GO SLOWLY!"
The question is: Mrs. Black is a   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:worker
B:teacher
C:mother
D:policewoman(By CCTV correspondent Vanessa Duffy 04/28/2013 08:36)
It's been eight days since a 7.0-magnitude strong earthquake hit China's Lushan Ya'an Sichuan Province.How the earthquake has affected one of Sichuan Province's special residents --pandas.How are the animals living? And do they have enough food to eat?
There are more than 80 pandas living here at the Chengdu Panda Breeding Base .The quake was felt strongly in Chengdu.Fortunately,all of the pandas here were out on the grounds when the earthquake hit,so they were very safe.
Several days have passed and the earthquake seems to have made no negative  impact on the pandas.These two baby pandas Chengshuang and Chengdui are playfighting with each other and climbing trees.When they climbed too high,the breeders have to _ them from the trees.
The quake zone is not only the home of these pandas,it's also the source of their food.Fortunately,enough bamboo  has been stored away in five bamboo storehouses for the pandas,so there are no worries about food supplies.
Wu Kongju,Breeder,Chengdu Panda Breeding Base,said,"When the Wenchuan earthquake happened on May 12,2008,we were unprepared and had a shortage of bamboo.But we've been able to handle this earthquake event more smoothly.There are no problems with the food supply."
The question is: How did the Panda Breeding Base deal with the food supply after the earthquake in Wenchan in 2008?
The possible answers are:
A:They built 5 bamboo storehouses to store food for pandas.
B:They were unprepared and had a shortage of bamboo.
C:They handled this earthquake more smoothly.
D:They let pandas out on the grounds.Microsoft founder Bill Gates has talked about to be a good parent, saying that 13 is a right age for a child's first mobile phone. The 57-year-old father of three said on the Today show that his children Jennifer and Rory were not allowed phones until their thirteen birthday and his youngest daughter Phoebe is still waiting for one.
"We've made a rule in our family that it's 13 when you get a phone." He also said as a resulthischild often returned homefromschool complaining, "All the other kids have it, I'm the only without it, it's so embarrassing."
Asked if he keeps passwords   to his son and daughters' e-mail and Facebook accounts  . Mr Gates said that he doesn't for Jennifer, 16, who he says is "old enough".
Besides their wealth Mr and Mrs Gates ,who live in Lake Medina, have said they want to raise
their three children as usually as possible. It is said that their kids have to do housework at home after school and aren't given much pocket money.
And in 2010Mr Gates said that he wanted to give most of his $61 billion away rather than hand it down. "That wouldn't be good either for my kids or society," he said.
Mr Gates left Microsoft in 2008 to put his heart to charity. During the Today interview with host Matt Lauer, he said that helping others made him feel happy as creating software.
" What you really feel is what you've achieved. If a piece of software gets out there and lots of people love it--it lets them get their work down in better ways--that's exciting." he replied.
The question is: What do Mr Gates children think of their not having phones?
The possible answers are:
A:They feel it interesting .
B:They don't think it exciting
C:They feel it embarrassing .
D:They think it funnyJack likes eggs, bananas and apples. So every day, he has two eggs, one apple, a cup of milk and some bread for breakfast. For lunch, he has bananas, some chicken and vegetables. And for dinner, he has tomatoes, French fries and ice cream.
His sister likes dessert, oranges and apples. But she often has some hamburgers, one apple and bread for her breakfast. She likes tomatoes, salad and some fish for lunch. For dinner, she likes strawberries and some chicken.
The question is: Jack has  _   for his dinner.
The possible answers are:
A:tomatoes
B:French fries and ice cream
C:bananas and some chicken
D:both A and BYesterday,I overheard our 9-year-old son,Aaron,talking to his friend,Zach.
"Oh,God!"Zach began,looking in Aaron's closet "Where are all your toys?"
"Oh,we are doing something called Simplicity plan,so I basically got rid of 80% of my stuff . "
"What? Did your mom and dad make you do this?"
"No, Idecided to do it because I wanted to.When I give away a lot of my things,I make room for family activities. I did it because I wanted to live differently and have less stuff in my life."
"But still,why would you choose to get rid of most of your toys?"
"Part of the reason is that my parents were doing it with their stuff .And my mom talked to me about it and explained how they felt happier afterwards. And I thought maybe I really had spent a lot of my time in my room playing with toys instead of spending time with my parents and sister."
"Seriously?"
"I feel proud because I am a person who has just what I need and not more. And I'm starting
new activities like writing how I feel,reading more,and spending more time doing housework around the house."
"OK.Let me get this. You have fewer toys,more housework,and you feel happier?"
"Well, it's not that the housework is fun ,But I do it with my parents. We talk and connect while we are doing it, so that is the fun.And we've been doing more activities together, like reading aloud at night. And on weekends,we have conversations or go out together, instead of my dad being at his computer,my mom cleaning and me playing with my toys."
The question is: We can learn from the passage that Aaron  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:used to enjoy reading
B:will get his toys back soon
C:used to write a lot about his feelings
D:enjoys doing housework with his parentsKelly Christopher, a student at Lutheran High School in California, US, loves oranges. One day last week, she used a pole  to pick oranges off trees and collect them in baskets. It's the first time in her 15 years she's picked fruit from trees.
"This is quite different from buying oranges in the supermarket," said Christopher. "Every time I eat an orange, I'll remember this experience."
Christopher was one of the 30 student volunteers at Soil Born Farms. She volunteered as part of a project which was set up in 2009 to help homeowners in South Land Park pick oranges and other fruits out of their backyards. Before, the fruit would rot on the ground or get eaten by animals. Now the fruit is donated to those who need it.
"It is good for many people", said Randy Stannard, who works for the project. "The homeowner gets fruit picked and more people can have healthy food."
"Two harvests ( ) were organized in 2009 and volunteers picked 3,000 pounds (1,360kg) of fruit", Stannard said. In 2010, the number was 20,000. This year, Soil Born Farms hopes to get 40,000 pounds. They will harvest every weekend from January to April.
Shannon Galloway, Christopher's science teacher, brought her students into the project this year.
"You're making use of a _ that might be wasted," she said. "I think it's meaningful to everyone."
Donato Frazier, 15, always climbs up a ladder  and gets on the top of the tree.
"Standing on the treetop is pretty cool," Frazier said. "I can see clearly that many baskets are filled up, and even see that many people are eating healthy fruit because of our volunteer work."
The question is: When was the project set up?
The possible answers are:
A:In 2008.
B:In 2009.
C:In 2010.
D:In 2011.Doctor Carl was a very busy man. He always worked hard. He often forgot his families' birthdays. Yesterday afternoon he remembered  it was his wife's   birthday. He loved his wife. He wanted to give her a present. On his way home from hospital, he bought some beautiful flowers in a shop. When doctor Carl got home, he gave his wife the flowers and said, "Happy birthday to you, dear!" "It's April 20th today. I remembered your birthday this year." Mrs. Carl laughed and said, "My birthday was the day before yesterday, but thank you all the same. Better late than never!"
The question is: What date is Carl's wife's birthday?
The possible answers are:
A:Today.
B:The day before yesterday.
C:April 20th.
D:April 18th.Mr Black works in an office. He's very busy and he has no time to rest. Every evening, When he comes back from his office, he always feels tired and wants to go to bed early, but his wife often has something interesting to tell him after supper. She keeps talking until it's too late. But Mr Black has to get up early in the morning.
One day Mr Black felt terrible and couldn't go to work. He went to see a doctor with Mrs Black. Before he said what the matter was him, his wife told the doctor all. The doctor got the reason and said to Mrs Black, "Here is a bottle of medicine for your husband and some pills for you."
"For me?" the woman said in surprise, "I'm fine. I don't need any medicine!"
"I don't think, madam," said the doctor, "They're sleeping pills . Your husband will soon be all right if you take them!"
The question is: What does Mrs Black usually do after supper?
The possible answers are:
A:She goes to bed early
B:She watches TV.
C:She keeps talking with her husband.
D:She does housework.A Bite of China Season Two(<< >> )  is coming! The program is shown at 9 : 00 0n CCTV-1 every Friday night from April 18 to June 6, 2014. There are altogether eight episodes  , all about history and culture of food, eating and cooking in China. The directors spent one year visiting more than 150 different parts of China. More than 300 types of food are covered in the documentary .
As an old Chinese saying goes, food is what matters most to people. It plays an important role in our daily life, and the rich food culture is also one of the most important parts of Chinese culture. A Bite of China Season Two wants to show the joys and sadnesses of ordinary   Chinese in changing times through food.
A Bite of China Season One was shown on CCTV in 2012. It attracted more than 100 million viewers. It is all about food, while the second season cares more about the relationship between the people and the food. For example, the first episode shows a young man spent four hours climbing a 40-metre-high tree to get something nice for his brother.
The show reminds viewers of their homes and the tastes of childhood. One Weibo user wrote, "A Bite o f China Season Two makes me have so many words to say. It makes me think of my parents and my grandmother. I haven't been home for a long time, so I have decided to go back in a few days. "
The show uses food as a window to introduce China to the world. Viewers can see how Chinese people love life by loving food. Anyone who wants to know more about Chinese culture and Chinese society should have a bite of the program.
The question is: The type of the TV program A Bite of China is  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:a cartoon
B:a documentary
C:a chat show
D:a drama seriesMany college students have given up taking class notes by hand. Instead, they type  on computers. But scientists say that method is less helpful.
If you need to remember something, write it. Writing notes by hand is much better for long-term memory of idea. So, turn off your computer if you want to remember something.
Students who type notes on a keyboard often write down what the teacher says word-for-word. They may write without really thinking about what they are writing. These electronic notes contained  more words. But scientists say it leads to " _ ." Transcription means to write down something exactly as you hear it.
However, students taking notes by writing them, need to first process the information they hear. Then they record just the main parts. They use fewer words. This is because people usually write slower than they type. This kind of process leads to a deeper understanding.
The scientists did a research. In the research, students listened to a teacher and then took a test. Some took notes by typing on a computer. The others took notes by writing them down.
Both groups performed about the same in remembering facts. But students who typed their notes did much worse on conceptual  questions. These questions required them to understand an idea.
Also, scientists found that those who wrote their notes remembered conceptual information better a week later. Scientists believe that the students who took notes by writing them had a deeper understanding of ideas.
Scientists know that students probably will still use their computers in class. But they suggest to take notes by hand on screens. They say this might be a good way between different schools.
The question is: According to the research, college students usually use few words to take notes by hand in class because they   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:are very lazy
B:want to write fast
C:are all clever
D:dislike to take notesDo you know some world famous brands  , such as Nike, adidas, Kappa...? What do you think of them? Do you use their products ? Here are some students' opinions:
Sam: I am a Nike fan. Many of Nike's advertisements are fun and its products are great! I have a pair of Nike basketball shoes.
Joe: In my eyes , top brand means high quality, So I love top brand products though they're very expensive. I was glad Mum bought me a Kappa T-shirt last month.
Sally:The logos  of famous brands are usually unique and nice. It's cool to own products with those logos. Sometimes I wear my adidas coat.
Jack:Many top brand products are advertised by spokesmen . I love the spokesmen of many top brand products. I've got many Nike socks.
Susan: I know it's popular for young people to have famous brand products these days. But my parents both lost their jobs. I have no interest in following the fashion. I only choose the products that are not expensive.
Adam: As a student, I don't earn money myself. It's not easy for my parents to support me. So I only use some ordinary products. I don't agree students use the famous brand products.
The question is: Joe loves top brand products because he thinks   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:top brand means high quality
B:top brands' advertisements are fun
C:it's cool to own top brand products
D:the spokesmen of top brand products are his favouriteSarah ran in, shouting, "Look what I found!"  Over the top of the paper I was reading; came a terrible thing that caused me to jump. It was a snake skin found in our garden.
"Isn't it beautiful?" said my seven-year-old daughter.
I opened my eyes widely and looked at the snake skin in fear . I didn't think it was beautiful, but I learned never to appear nonchalant with children. Everything they see for the first time is important to their sense of beauty; they see only excellence in the world.
"Why does it do this?"  Sarah asked.
"Snakes shed  their skins because they need to renew themselves,"  I explained.
"Why do they need to renew  themselves?" Sarah asked.
"We often need to shed our skins, those coatings that we cover ourselves with," I said to my daughter. "We leave some things and find other thing unwanted or unnecessary. This snake no longer needs this skin. It is probably too little for him, and he probably doesn't think he looks as smart in it as he once did. "
As we talked, I knew that she began to understand. Although she couldn't understand clearly, she would know that renewal is part of progress; that we need to take a good look at ourselves, our rooms, schoolwork and spirit, and see what we need to keep and what we need to leave.  I was careful to tell that this is a natural way, not one to be forced.
"Snakes don't peel off their skins when they like them. "I explained. "It happens as a natural thing of their growth. "
"I see, Dad," said Sarah as she held the snake skin, and then ran off.
I hoped she would remember this; we need to throw some away because they are worthless or unnecessary. Then we can store them as memories in our deep hearts.
The question is: Father's patient explanation shows that   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:his daughter didn't want to listen to him at all
B:he knew children saw only excellence in the world
C:his daughter couldn't follow him at all
D:he wanted to teach everything to herTigers are terrible animals, but a cat is a cute animal.    As a mother, the Chinese-American writer Amy Chua is just a tiger . Her book, Battle Hymn of the Tiger Mother (<<>> ), tells us how she gives her two children education.    She says that being strict is the only way to train a child's talent. Her kids had to obey the following rules. To begin with, her kids weren't allowed to watch TV or play computer games. Then, they were not allowed to " hang out " with other kids after school. They had to be the top students in their class. And they had to practice the piano and the violin for hours every day. Of course, she believes this has brought a lot of problems for herself and her kids. But she doesn't mind because her kids have become great. Chua says, like her, most Asian mothers are tigers because they believe their children can achieve a lot if they're pushed hard enough. She says American mothers are really cats. They care more about their children's self-respect  . They don't want to be strict with their kids because this may hurt their feelings. With soft words and understanding, they encourage their children to choose for themselves. So is a tiger mom better than a cat mom? It may also depend on the child.
The question is: She doesn't mind because her kids have become great.  does  she?
The possible answers are:
A:Yes, she does
B:No, she doesn't
C:Yes, she doesn't
D:No, she does.Dear David,
How are you ? I'm fine. I'm in London, at the International School of English. I'm in Class 3 with eight students . They are from different countries---Spain, Japan, Argentina, Switzerland and Thailand. Our teacher's name is Henry . He's very nice. He's a very good teacher.
I'm living with an English family. Mr and Mrs Brown have three children. Thomas is fourteen, Catharine is twelve, and Andrew is seven. They are all very friendly, but it isn't easy to understand them !
London is very big and very interesting. The weather is cold but sunny and the parks are beautiful! Hyde Park , Green Park and ST.Jame's Park are all in the city centre .
English food is OK, but the coffee is horrible!
Write to me soon .
Love,
Paula
The question is: Hyde Park is   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:in a school
B:in London
C:next to London
D:Small"How many common English words were invented by Shakespeare?"
How long did it take people to find the answer to this question 15 years ago? And now! you can google it and find the answer immediately!
Google is the most popular Internet search engine in the world. It was invented by two students, Larry Page and Sergey Brin. They met in 1993, when they were studying computer science at Stanford University, USA. They dreamed of producing something that could also answer any question in seconds.
Internet search engines at that time were slow and gave many websites that weren't useful. In January 1996, Page and Brin decided to make a better and faster search engine. They thought the results should be based on the most popular websites.
Nobody would give them money for their project, so they used their own money. They also borrowed money from family and friends. Then, in 1998, they were given a _ for $100,000, and they started their own company. Their first office was in a friend's garage. The company's name is Google, a word which comes from mathematics. A "google" is a very high number---- 1 followed by a hundred zeros.
The google search engine was soon used by thousands of people worldwide because it was fast, easy and correct. By 2002 it was the biggest search engine on the Internet. Now, more questions have been answered by Google than any other Internet service, from sport to science, and from music to medicine. Google hopes that in the future all the world's information will be put on the Internet, so that everybody can find everything.
The question is: The writer began this passage by asking you a question because   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:Shakespeare is one of the most famous people in the world
B:he or she was afraid that the readers didn't know this question
C:he or she wanted to make the readers interested in this passage
D:he or she liked to begin this passage by asking readers a questionAs we all know, people couldn't live without water. Some parts of our bodies are made of water. We depend on clean water to live every day.
However, we human beings are polluting water seriously. In some areas of China, people are still in great need of clean water. Dirty water is one of the world's biggest healthy problems. It's harmful to our health. When water from the rain and melting  snow runs through roads, it picks up some dangerous chemicals and other things along the way. Many of the rivers are short of protections, so they are easy to be polluted by factories or animals' waste.
World Water Day has grown to become one of the important dates since 1993. In 2013, World Water Day shares the topic of Water Cooperation. If everyone tries their best to save and protect the clean water, our living conditions will be much better.
,.
The question is: Which of the following is TRUE ?
The possible answers are:
A:The clean water is enough in China.
B:We needn't any clean water.
C:World Water Day started in 2013.
D:We should try our best to protect the clean water.Lily has a black dress. She thinks it's very nice. Black is Lily's favorite color. She doesn't like colorful dresses at all.
Lily also has a pair of sunglasses. She bought the sunglasses with all her pocket money   Y=20.She thinks they are really cool. She really loves them.
Linda is Lily's friend. She has a colorful scarf   it's red, white and blue. She likes it a lot. This is Linda's watch. It's brown. Linda thinks it's lovely. Today is Monday, June 14th. Wednesday is Linda's birthday. Lily wants to give her a red and green wallet.
The question is: Lily wants to give   _   to Linda for her birthday.
The possible answers are:
A:a pair of sunglasses
B:a toy
C:a watch
D:a walletThink stars don't move? Think again! When you look at the sky at night, the stars may appear to stay in the same place. But stars are always on the move--they are just so far away that the movement is hard to see.
But some stars move in ways that appear to be strange to be real. In 2005, astronomer Warren Brown found one of these space oddities . It was located on the outer edge of the Milky Way, the galaxy  we live in. The star was speeding away like nothing he'd ever seen. "It seemed unbelievable. No star in the galaxy has a speed like that," Brown remembers. "I thought, oh my goodness, I have something kind of special here."
No one had ever seen a star like this one. What does a scientist do when the results don't make sense?
Brown didn't give up. Instead, he kept looking. And he kept finding more of these strange and speedy stars, called _ stars. Hyper means "above" and velocity has to do with speed. He and his team just found six more of these "above speed" stars, bringing to the total of 16. And, he says, he's found even more, and is just waiting for the scientific community to confirm them.
The question is: The writer writes this passage to tell us  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:something about an astronomer.
B:where the Milky Way is
C:something about the speedy stars.
D:how scientists do their researchThe Chinese boy is Li Lei. He's thirteen. He's in No.3 Middle School. He's in Class Two, Grade One. His good friend is Jack. He's English. He's in Li Lei's school. He's in Class One, Grade Two. Mrs. Read is an English teacher in their school. She is an English woman and she teaches Grade 3. Jack and Li Lei have a secret . Jack is their English teacher's son.
The question is: How old  is Jack?
The possible answers are:
A:He is twelve.
B:He's not twelve.
C:Sorry, I don't know.
D:He's thirteen.Big ocean fish have almost disappeared from the world since the start of business fishing in the 1950's.The scientists found that the number of large fish has dropped by 90 percent in the past fifty years.The study took ten years.The researchers collected records from fishing business and governments around the world.The magazine Nature published the findings.
The scientists say the common way called longline fishing is especially harmful to large fish.This way includes many fishing lines that are connected to one boat.If these lines are joined together,they can reach one hundred kilometers.They hold thousands of sharp metal hooks to catch fish.Longline fishing is especially common in the Japanese fishing industry.Records show that Japanese boats used to catch about ten fish for every hundred hooks.The study says longline fishing boats now might catch one fish per hundred hooks.
The scientists say business fishing can destroy groups of fish much faster than in the past.The study suggests that large fish can disappear almost completely from new fishing areas within ten to fifteen years.Ocean life system could be destroyed.
It's not the only worry that the number of large fish is becoming smaller and smaller.What's worse.they are smaller in size than their ancestors .
The question is: The number of big ocean fish has become smaller because  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:the oceans are polluted
B:the ways of fishing go into practice
C:the scientists pay little attention to them
D:Japanese fishing boats catch one fish per hundred hooksBeijing, Shanghai, Guangzhou and other big cities are great places to live in. There are many interesting things to see and do. You can go to different kinds of museums, see all kinds of plays and films. You can also buy things from all over the world.
But there are serious problems in big cities, too. It's expensive to live there, and there are too many people in some places of big cities. Every student can study at good schools and receive good medical care . But sometimes these people can't find work or good places to live in. Also it is hard to keep the cities safe and clean.
Some people enjoy living in big cities, others do not. Before they move to a big city, they should think about the problems living there.
The question is: In this passage the writer thinks it's right for people   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:to move to big cities
B:not to move to big cities.
C:to move to big cities without thinking.
D:to think of the problems before living in big cities.Mrs Hunt comes back from work. She tells Mr Hunt about a nice dress. "I see it in the shop every day", she says , "and ..."
"And you want to buy it ?" says Mr hunt . "How much is it ?"
"Two hundred and sixty yuan."
"Two hundred and sixty yuan for a dress ?That's too much !"
But every evening when she comes back , Mrs Hunt speaks only about the dress, so at last he says , "Oh ,buy the dress ! here's the money !" She is every happy . But the next evening, when Mr Hunt wants to have a look at the nice dress, Mrs Hunt says ,"I don't want to buy it .""Why not ?" he asks.
"Well, it is still in the window of the shop after a week. So I think no one wants this dress . And I don't want it ,either."
The question is: Mr hunt doesn't want to buy the dress at last because   _
The possible answers are:
A:it is much too dear
B:it is not very new
C:it is not very new
D:She doesn't think it is goodYang Yunjing is a tour guide volunteer in Tibet.  She went there five times as tour guide . Her parents and friends couldn't understand why she chose the hard work. But facing all the confusion( ), Yang just smiled and said, "Tibet is full of charm ."
When Yang finished her studies at the university three years ago, she had two choices: being an exchange student in Germany, or volunteering for Tibet. Finally, she chose the latter . Her father said, " I'll support(  ) you. But no matter what happens, you have to face it on your own."
When Yang went to Tibet for the first time, she got a " gift" -- altitude sickness( ). She had to be in hospital, but she didn't tell her parents about it. During her volunteer work, she did a great job because she worked very hard.
One day when she returned to her room at night, she got a call from another tour guide volunteer. She told her that a woman of the group was badly hurt when climbing the mountains. Hearing that, Yang went to the hospital quickly and decided to stay there and look after the woman.
Yang learnt a lot from the volunteer experience." As long as I think of the sky there, I can laugh it off, no matter what difficulties I may meet," she said.
The question is: What happened to Yang Yunjing when she first went to Tibet?
The possible answers are:
A:She was badly hurt.
B:She missed her parents.
C:She got altitude sickness.
D:She didn't like the food in Tibet.Have you ever thought about your life after you grow up? It is not easy --- that's what some US students say after they try out adult   life at school.
Mount Logan Middle School, Utah, has an activity called Reality Town. Each student gets a "job" and some money. The higher the grade  , the better the job they can get. Then, they have to pay for different things in the real world, such as transportation   and groceries . Some of them have a "husband  " or a "wife" and maybe a few "kids". Student Jason Peisley, 13, became a father with a 5-year-old girl. The hardest part for him was paying taxes  ."I make $90,000 (571,000 yuan), but after I pay my taxes, I only have $66,000 left," he said. " _ " "It's a _ for these students," said Greg Aullman, a teacher at Mount Logan, "to learn how much it costs to live. So, they'll study harder than before and love their parents more. "
The question is: According to the passage, what is not easy for students in Mount Logan School .?
The possible answers are:
A:Doing their homework.
B:Having exams.
C:Going to school.
D:Growing up.Different people have different colors of skin. Some have black skin, some have yellow skin and some have white skin. There is a woman in Alaska. Her skin is orange. It is almost the color of orange juice. How did her skin become orange? She ate lots of tomatoes, carrots and squash . She ate too many orange things. That's why her skin turned orange.
The woman doesn't want her skin to be orange, so she goes to see the doctor. The doctor says, " Stop eating orange things, Eat some green things."
The woman did so, and her skin isn't orange any more.
The question is: This story is mainly about   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:a woman in Alaska
B:tomatoes and carrots
C:a doctor
D:different people with different colors of skinThe 2012 Olympic Games are coming. Many people will go to watch some matches. Here are some rules for the audience  :
<1> Archery  &shooting
Sit at the back or on either side of the field.
Keep quiet during the match.Set your mobile phone in a _ state or turn it off.
Don't use the flash on your camera.
When the athletes are aiming at the target  , keep your voice down.
<2> Basketball,table tennis&football
You can't bring drinks in glass bottles or cans.
Keep the cheering down at important moments.Don't use the camera flash.
If you easily get nervous,bring some snacks.Keep your mouth moving to calm you down.
<3> Cycling&marathon
Audience should keep off the track  .Control your pets.
Athletes might look tired and thirsty,but don't hand them water or anything else.
If an athlete falls,do not help him or her.
The question is: Which of the following is NOT true according to the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:Drinks in glass bottles or cans are not allowed   in a baseball match.
B:You can shout "Come on!" loudly at important moments in a football match.
C:When a runner falls,you can't rush over to help.
D:You can't shout loudly when watching the shooting match.Are you afraid of tests? What will you do to prepare for a test? The following suggestions will be helpful.
Pay attention to what your teacher gives about a coming test. Write down exactly what you will be tested on. Knowing what the test will cover is half done.
Make a review list that includes important points from class and reading material. Then your studying notes will be in one place. What's more, rewriting the material will help you to remember it.
Don't cram  !Test preparation begins the first day of class, so keep on doing your reading and homework. Then you just need to review for the test--not learn all the materials. If you wait until the night before to try to learn everything, you will only put more stress   on yourself.
Get a good night's sleep before the test, but if you can't, don't be awake the whole night. Research shows that getting at least four hours of sleep produces the better test results.
Eat a healthy breakfast to keep your mind sharp  . Avoid sugar, as it will weaken your ability to concentrate  .
The question is: Cramming will make it difficult for students to  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:be busy reviewing at first
B:enjoy the first day of class
C:make good test preparation
D:put more stress on themselvesThe computers changed our lives in the 1980s, the Internet changed our lives in the 1990s, and the robots will change our lives in the new century.
Do you think there will be robots in people's homes? It's not a dream that every home will have a robot.
Now, robots are not only able to help people do the housework, they can also help the doctors do the difficult operations, play chess with people, play the piano and so on.
A new cooking robot is used in Beijing. It can cook all the dishes on the menu, you only need to wait two to four minutes, in the future, the robot will be a nurse, a security guard, or a partner in your life.
Experts  believe robots will be used everywhere from the industrial( ) robots to service robots. In the future, robots will become part of the family, and provide else service for people. We all look forward to the new robot age.
The question is: Which is the best title  of the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:The computers changed our lives
B:Robots can cook
C:Robots are coming
D:Robots will be doctorsThis is a plan that Jim has made on Thanksgiving
00:00--00:30
Get up and go to store to buy fruit,vegetables and food by car .
1:20--4:30
Start doing a big turkey for ten people.It is interesting
2:00--2:30
Do broccoli salad and dessert,Kids really love them .
2:30--3:00
Put fifty strawberries in the turkey .They are nice!
3:00--3:30
Put some vegetables in the turkey.Kids don't like vegetables ,so just a little.
3:45--4:10
Call my father ,mother,grandparents and cousins to come and join us .
4:15
Play the Thanksgiving music,it's relaxting.
4:30--5:30
Eat a great Thanksgiving dinner.
5:30--6:30
Play family games. They are exciting.
6:30--9:00
Go out and watch the Thanksgiving movies .They are fun .
10 :00
Go to bed.
The question is: Kids doesn't like to eat   _
The possible answers are:
A:broccoli salad
B:dessert
C:strawberries
D:vegetablesBob and his family like eating fish very much. He often buys some fish in the shop and takes them home for dinner. His wife   often asks her friends to their home to have lunch and eat fish. One day, Bob buys some fish home and goes to his office to work. His wife sees the fish and thinks, "Good! I can ask my friends to come for lunch."
When Bob comes home from work in the evening, he can't find his fish. His wife says, " Oh, It's your cat. Your cat eats it." And she gives Bob some bread for dinner. The husband is very angry . He takes the cat and his wife to the shop near   their home to _ the cat. Then he asks his wife, "You see, my fish is one kilo, and this cat is one kilo, too. My fish is here. Then where is my cat?"
,.
The question is: What does Bob's wife give him for dinner?
The possible answers are:
A:Some bread.
B:Some chicken.
C:Some fish.
D:Some rice.Summer Term in the School of Life will start on Friday 25 January 2015, in Collingwood, Melbourne, Australia and will become the first international school to open its doors.
To make everyday life rich, the writer Alain de Botton has worked hard at getting the best ideas and the School of Life is his brainchild . Since it began in London in 2009, more than 50,000 people have taken part in its programs and its new way of life-long learning is now well-known all over the world.
Summer Term in the School of Life is a 10-week project offering a selection of the UK's most popular programs, led by Australia's thinkers. "We are very excited to start the School of Life in Australia. We can't wait to start receiving our first guests ," says Alain de Botton.
Summer Term will include different classes, workshops and other special events held every Friday, Saturday and Sunday between 25January and 31 March. The conversation Cafe onsite will serve up a daily conversation menu, light food and of course, delicious coffee.
"There has been a growing need among Australians to deal with the problems in life like love, creativity, work, money, nature and death. The School of Life Australia will provide a space for us to explore   these subjects," says Sara Tiefebtun, Project Director of the School of Life Australia.
Program details for the School of Life Australia's Summer Term will be announced in December 2013. For more information sign up to our mailing list at:
Updates will also be shared regularly on Twitter
and Facebook
.
The question is: The School of Life will start to    _   .
The possible answers are:
A:make more friends in Australia.
B:serve up a daily conversation menu.
C:improve the quality of everyday life.
D:offer the UK's most popular programsBad teeth, a heavier body? And now, weaker bones. Last week, American scientists found another bad thing about cola: It's bad for our bones, especially women's bones.
Well, if cola is bad for us, you may want other popular drinks , for example, energy drinks . Energy drinks look cool. Their makers say they give you energy and make you better at sports. So, many students drink them before exams to help them stay awake.
But wait. To keep you awake, most energy drinks have a lot of caffeine . They are like a strong cup of coffee or tea. If you drink a lot of them, your heart will beat faster. You will feel nervous . You could also have sleeping problems and find it hard to live without them.
Amanda Smith is a 16-year-old US junior high school student. She drinks one or more energy drinks every day. She started to do this a year ago before dance class. But now, Smith says, "I drink them whenever I feel weak or before a test. I cannot help drinking them."
The energy you get from the drinks helps for only a short time. You may feel good for an hour or so, but then you'll feel worse than before.
The question is: How old did Amanda Smith begin to take energy drinks?
The possible answers are:
A:16
B:15.
C:14.
D:13.Walter owns three Italian  restaurants which are running very well in Rhode Island in America. Every day his restaurants welcome crowds of customers  all over the world.
He studied to be a cook, but he sees now that his success is the result of a lifetime education. When he opened his first restaurant, all of a sudden his schooling knowledge , the history of his family and his ethics  of his father _ . It made him a person who studied and explored  the secrets in the food business.
Walter's learning never stops. He says " The food business is one where you need to stay on top. Cooks should be trained. You have to keep on studying or you will be left behind." So he spent more time in reading. Every time he gets new ideas from the book, he brings them into his work.
Walter also has a clear understanding about success. That is he would like to be remembered as a person who is creative, who believes in the Italian cooking culture in America. Food is like a bridge connecting to the past, to the family and to the country. He says "Success to me is not how much money I make, but if at the end of the day I am able to make fifteen or twenty customers happy, I'm a happy man."
The question is: We can learn from the passage that  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:the lifetime education is important
B:creative spirit always comes first
C:exploring the food business is difficult
D:new ideas are necessary in running a restaurantHoney bees are a kind of animal most of us learn about very early. In summer, many people step on honey bees and get stung  while walking without wearing shoes.
Honey bees are normally about third fourths of an inch long. Most bees are workers, which are female, but some are male, called "drones ". Workers are a little smaller than drones.
Honey bees live in a nest, called a "hive". A hive can have up to 80,000 bees, mostly workers. It usually lies in a tree with a hole inside.
The hive is ruled  over by a queen bee. She is the largest bee in the hive, and she is the only female to mate. Males usually just hang around; their only purpose is to mate with the queen. Then they die. The workers do all of the work inside and outside of the hive. Their jobs include: caring for baby bees, cleaning up the hive, making honey...
Honey bees are usually very friendly, and they mind their own business. They are too busy to worry about people or other animals. If a person is hardworking, we can say he is as busy as a bee. Are you a bee?
The question is: Which of the following is NOT true according to the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:There is only a queen bee in a hive.
B:A queen bee is the largest bee in the hive.
C:Male bees work very hard for other bees.
D:Bees like to make nests in a tree with a hole inside.A jobless man applied for  the  position  of  "office boy" at  Microsoft,  The HR manager interviewed him and then watched him cleaning the floor as a test.
"You  are  employed,"  he said.  "Give  me  your  e-mail  address and I'll send you the application form to fill in, as well as the date when you may start."
The man replied, "But I don't have a computer or an e-mail."
"I'm sorry,"said  the  HR  manager,  "If  you don't have an e-mail, that mean you do not exist. And the one who doesn't exist cannot have the job."
The man left with no hope at all.  He  didn't know what to do.  With only $10 in his pocket,  he decided to go to the supermarket and buy 10kg  tomatoes. He then sold the tomatoes from door to door . In less than  two  hours, he  succeeded in  making his money double.  He repeated the
operation three times, and returned home with $60.
The man realized that he could survive in this way, and started  earlier  and    returned late.
Thus, his money doubled or tripled every day.  Shortly, h e bought a cart,  then a truck  and then he had his own _ to send food . Five years later, he became one of the biggest food   sellers in The US.
He started  to  plan his family's future, so he called  an  insurance  broker  to Have  a  discussion. When  the conversation was over, the broker asked him for his e-mail. The man replied again,"I don't have an e-mail."
The  broker  answered  in surprise,  "You don't have an e-mail, and yet have succeeded building an empire.  Can you imagine what you could have been if you had had an  e-mail?"
The man thought for a while and replied, "Yes, I would be an office boy at Microsoft
,.
The question is: What does the insurance broker's answer mean?
The possible answers are:
A:He suggests that the man should have an e-mail.
B:The man doesn't have an e-mail. so he has succeeded.
C:The man could be more successful if he had an e-mail.
D:He can't imagine there exists someone who has no e-mail.In Britain you're allowed to drive a car when you're seventeen. You have to get a special two-year driving license before you can start. When you're leaning, someone with a full license always has to be in the car with you because you aren't allowed to drive the car on the road alone. You don't have to go to a driving school --- a friend can teach you. The person with you isn't allowed to take money for the lesson unless he's got a teacher's license.
Before you're allowed to have a full license, you have to take a driving test. You can take a test in your own car, but it has to be fit for the road. In the test you have to drive round for about half an hour and then answer a few questions. If you don't pass the test, you're allowed to take it again a few weeks later if you want to. In 1970 a woman passed her fortieth test after 212 driving lessons! When you've passed your test, you don't have to take it again, and you're allowed to go on driving as long as you like. Britain's oldest driver was a man who drove in 1974 at the age of 100.
Before 1904 everyone was allowed to drive, even children. Then from 1904 car drivers had to have a license. But they didn't have to take a test until 1935. On the early days of car driving, before 1878, cars weren't allowed to go faster than four miles an hour and someone had to lead the car with a red flag.
The question is: Which of the following is NOT true?
The possible answers are:
A:There is no limit  to the age of an old man who drives a car.
B:One can take a driving test again and again until he passes it.
C:There was a speed limit to cars before 1878.
D:A car driver didn't have to get a license until 1935.Near the North Pole there are only two seasons:winter and summer.In winter,nights are long.For more than two months you can't see the sun,even at noon.In summer,days are long.For more than two months the sun never sets and there is no night at a11.The temperature is very low near the North Pole.Even in summer the temperature is below 0degC.So people there wear warm clothes all year round.They make their clothing from the skins of animals.From the skins they also make coats,hats and even boots.
In the cold climate,plants cannot grow.So the people have to build their houses with skins,earth,stone or snow.When they go out to hunt something,they live in tents of skins.When they move,they take their tents with them.Sometimes,they build houses of snow.Now don't think that these houses must be cold.In fact,they are very warm and safe.
The life near the North Pole is very interesting.
The question is: Near the North Pole the winter nights can last  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:more than a month
B:more than two months
C:more than half a year
D:more than four monthsTony:I like eating hamburgers and drinking cola. Yes, they are not healthy. But I eat hamburgers and drink cola every day.I don't like vegetables. I hate tomatoes.
Cindy: My favourite food is chocolate and my favourite drink is milk. Milk can make me healthy.  I drink milk every morning. I like fruit too. And my favourite fruit is oranges.
Zhang Qiang: I like meat. I eat beef and chicken, but my favourite is beef. So I'm strong and tall.
Liu Xin: I like candy and vegetables. I eat candy every day. But my mum says candy can make me fat. Now I'm fat so I do sports every day.
The question is: Tony's favourite drink is   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:Juice
B:Water
C:Milk
D:ColaOne day, in an English class, the students are having their lessons. Their teacher, a young woman is very happy. She sings some nice songs with them and then she goes to the blackboard and writes "SMILES" on it. "This is the longest word in English," she says to the class.
A girl stands up and says, "It has only six letters. How can it be the longest word in English?"The teacher smiles and says, "Oh, look! There is a mile between the first letter and the last one."
The question is: A girl   _   what the teacher says.
The possible answers are:
A:asks
B:believes
C:don't believe
D:doesn't believeIf you want to become a better reader, what should you know about speed of reading?
Some people read very rapidly , while others read very slowly. But which one is
better?
The rapid reader may be a good reader when he reads a storybook for fun. But he may not be
able to slow down enough to read directions  carefully. He may read so rapidly that he does
not take time to understand fully the ideas and information which are important to remember.
The slow reader may be a good reader when he reads directions for making something. But he
may spend too much time in reading a simple story which is meant to be enjoyed but is not
important enough to be remembered.
So, you see, either a rapid reader or a slow reader is not really a good one. If you wish to
become a better reader, here are four important things to remember about speed of reading.
1. Knowing why you are reading will often help you to know whether to read rapidly or
slowly.
2. Some things should be read slowly throughout. Examples are directions for making or doing
something, science and history books, and Maths problems. You must read such things slowly or
remember each important step and understand each important idea.
3. Some things should be read rapidly throughout. Examples are simple stories for enjoyment,
letters from friends and bits of news from hometown papers.
4. In some of your reading, you must change your speed from fast to slow and slow to fast, as
you go along. You will need to read certain  pages rapidly and then slow down and do more
careful reading when you come to important ideas.
The question is: What is the important thing you should keep in mind about speed of reading?
The possible answers are:
A:To read as fast as you can.
B:To fit your reading speed to your needs.
C:To read as slowly as possible.
D:To keep your reading at a certain speed.One day Tom was playing with his younger brother Paul beside the well  near their home. Suddenly Tom fell down the well. Paul was frightened. Their parents were not at home. Their father was working in the factory and their mother was helping a neighbor. Tom called his younger brother, Paul. Paul looked at the bottom of the well and saw his brother standing in the water of the well. Tom was five feet tall and the water was only three feet deep. Paul was glad to see his brother safe in the well. Then he ran home and brought a long rope.
He was only six and not very strong, so he could not pull Tom out. He was thinking hard and finally had a good idea. He tied one end of the rope to a tree and threw the other end to his brother in the well. Then Tom climbed up the rope and got out of the well. He thanked his brother first and went home to exchange his wet clothes.
The question is: Tom was   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:writing to Paul
B:writing to his brother
C:playing with Paul
D:walking near his home"Please take my penny," said Maggie to old Dan, the fisherman, who sat on a bench repairing his nets.
Her brother Andrew drew her back, whispering, "Maggie, he is not a beggar  !"
But Maggie paid no attention. "Please take it," she said again. Old Dan smiled, and took it. "Thank you, little miss," he said, "It is kindly meant."
After that, Maggie went to the beach to gather shells. She never thought how fast the hours were passing until being tired, she sat down on a rock beside a little pool. Soon she was scared by a noise near her, and Dan's large dog Rover jumped down from a rock!
He licked her hands and made a loud noise, and then began gently to pull her coat. "Rover wishes me to come away, I see," she said, and she rose from the rock and began to go home. However, that was not so easy as she had expected. She found the places she had gone down easily very difficult to climb up, and as the tide   had been coming in for some time. She found some of the stones wet and smooth.
What could poor Maggie do? She felt sad and cried, but the waves made a much louder noise than she could make, and perhaps she would have been drowned   without good wise Rover.
Rover jumped upon a big stone and raised his loud bark until even the waves could not drown it.
The fisherman had taken his nets to the top of the cliffs  , and was laying them out in the sun when he heard the loud barking of a dog. He felt sure that it was Rover, and Rover in trouble, so, going to the edge of the cliffs, he looked over. There he saw it all--Rover barking for help, and the little child standing beside him.
"Bless her! It is the little one that was so kind-spoken to me this morning!" he cried, and he hurried to his sons' home.
"Quick, boys, quick!" he said. "Get to the boat, and row fast to the bay  . There is a poor child there just waiting to be drowned." The fishermen lost no time, and soon little Maggie and Rover were rowed safely to land! Old Dan was waiting there to lift her out, and give her into her mother's arms.
"It was the penny that did it, madam," he said to Mrs. Weston later. "I saw Rover looking at her when she put the penny so kind-like into my hand--just as if he would have said, 'Rover will be your friend now, little girl.' And I am thinking he had been looking after her all the day, for he never came near me after that."
Some years later, Rover came to Maggie's home with a little note, in which was written-- "Will Maggie help Rover?--his master is dead."
The question is: What can we learn from the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:One kind act brings another.
B:You should act and speak the same--kindly.
C:One person's pleasure may be another's pain.
D:People often forget what is really important in our lives.I'm Marie. I work in a nursing home   and my job is to look after the old people. Alice is one of them. She's a very nice old woman.
This year, Alice had a difficult time. She went to hospital twice. In November, I finally could get her back to her "home".
Alice hoped that her daughter could come to visit her on Christmas Eve because she wanted to be with her family, like the old days. But her daughter was coming after Christmas, so she was very sad. I also felt sad because she would be alone on the holiday!
On Christmas Eve, I took her to a candlelight service   at church that night.
I didn't take her to my church. I took her to the church in her old neighborhood. We got there early and I let her sit near the door, so people could see her when they came in. Soon some of her friends came to the church and they all talked to her and sat with her.
Alice got a lot of love from her old and new friends there. She said she loved the gift like this. That night, I thought I got the best gift: the smile on Alice's face.
.
The question is: What can we learn about Alice?
The possible answers are:
A:She lived with her daughter.
B:She was in very good health.
C:She liked staying in the nursing home.
D:She was unhappy before the Christmas Eve.In their last moment before the flight took off, I heard a father saying to his daughter, "I love you, I wish you enough." The daughter said, "Daddy, our life together has been more than enough. Your love is all I ever needed. I wish you enough to." They kissed goodbye and the daughter left. I could see the father was very sad.
Suddenly the father walked towards me and asked me, "Did you ever say goodbye to someone knowing it would be the last time?"
His words made me think of my father. Realizing that my father's days were limited  , I took the time to tell him face to face how much he meant to me. So I understood what this father was experiencing.
"Yes, I did." I answered, "But why is this a last goodbye?"
"I am old and my daughter lives much too far away. Maybe her next trip back will be for my funeral  ," he said.
"When you were saying goodbye, I heard you say 'I wish you enough'. What does that mean?"
He began to smile. "My parents used to say it to me. When we say 'I wish you enough', we want the other person to have a life filled with enough good things." He stopped for a moment and continued, "I wish you enough sun to keep your attitude bright. I wish you enough rain to appreciate (, ) the sun more. I wish you enough happiness to keep your spirit alive. I wish you enough pain so that the smallest joys in life seem much bigger... I wish you enough 'Hellos' to get you through the final 'Goodbye'".
He then said goodbye to me and walked away.
The question is: Where did the story happen?
The possible answers are:
A:In a hospital.
B:At a train station.
C:At an airport.
D:In a park.There are also two big elephants and a baby. Children like to ride on one of them. The elephants are very kind and friendly. They eat much grass and bananas.
In the zoo, we can see different kinds of bears, brown bears, black bears and white bears. They are all slow and clumsy  . They stand on their back legs and lift   their front legs to ask for food . They like cakes very much.
Do you like pandas? There's only one in the zoo . Her name is LIngling. She is very cute. She likes eating bamboo  a lot . She is kind of shy. She's very interesting.
The question is: Which one of the following is NOT right ?
The possible answers are:
A:There are a lot of different animals in the zoo .
B:The elephants are very friendly to people .
C:The bears always ask for food with their back legs .
D:Pandas like bamboo very muchHi! My name is Hunt. Here is a picture of my class. Joan is short and is wearing a yellow dress. She is good at maths. David is tall and has black hair. He is good at playing basketball. Mike is big. He has small eyes. He is funny. He can play football. Lily has long hair. She can speak Japanese.
Helen is a black girl. She has short hair. She likes swimming. She is on the swimming team. I like music. Can you find me? I'm the boy with glasses. Becky is new here. She comes from Hong Kong. She has black hair and black eyes. She speaks English well. And she is very good at computer.
The question is: Which sentence is right ?
The possible answers are:
A:David is short.
B:Mike has long hair.
C:Helen is a white girl.
D:Becky is good at computer.Do your parents ever say "do it like a lady" or "be a gentleman" to you? But in the eyes of today's students, what should a lady or a gentleman be like? Let's take a look.
What is a gentleman? _ ?
 _ : A gentleman doesn't always get angry . He wants others to be well and happy. He's always ready to help others. There is a boy in my class I think he is a gentleman. If I don't do well in the English exam, he will say "You will do better next time". That makes me feel happy.
 _ : A gentleman always says, "Ladies first". When students clean the classroom, he always does heavy work. He lets girls go into rooms first. There are no gentlemen in my class. When there is something to eat, the boys in my class always get them before girls!
What is a lady? Boys tell us what they think a lady is:
 _ : A lady is kind and quiet  ,but she's not shy   and she can talk about her ideas in front of others. To me, Dong Jie, a film star, is a lady. She is pretty and kind. She does a lot for others.
 _ : A lady is not just beautiful but clever. She never says bad words. She is quiet and kind to others. I don't think there is a lady in my class. Most of the girls are _ , I think.
The question is: Who find a lady/gentleman at school?
The possible answers are:
A:Huang Xiaoyu
B:Chen Tingting
C:Wu Yifan
D:Wang LichaoIt is well-known that it will take travelers only 48 hours by train to go from Beijing to Lhasa, the capital of west China's Tibet on July 1 this year. Travelers can enjoy the beautiful views during the 48 hour train ride.
The new railway line will be controlled by the Beijing' s West Railway Station from July 1, 2006. The most important part of the line, the Qinghai-Tibet Railway, has been completed.
The Qinghai-Tibet part of the railway is the world's highest railway. About 960 kilometers of the train tracks are 4,000 meters above sea level. The highest parts reach 5,072 meters.
The railway is the world' s longest plateau railroad which is 1,956 kilometers long, from Qinghai's capital Xining to Lhasa in Tibet. The Golmud-Lhasa part is 1,142 kilometers long and goes across the Kunlun and Tanggula mountain ranges.
The trains running on the Qinghai-Tibet Railway have very good conditions. If the passengers feel hard to breathe, they will be provided with oxygen masks, because all of the trains have oxygen supplying equipments.
The question is: When we talk about the Qinghai-Tibet part of the railway, we say   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:the railway is well-known
B:the railway is the highest
C:it is easy to operate
D:it was completed easilyHe was 11 years old and went fishing every chance he got from the dock at his family's cabin on an island in the middle of a New Hampshire lake.
On the day before the bass season opened, he and his father were fishing early in the evening, catching sunfish and perch with worms. Then he tied on a small silver lure and practiced casting. The lure struck the water and caused colored ripples in the sunset, then silver ripples as the moon rose over the lake.
When his pole doubled over, he knew something huge was on the other end. Finally, he very gingerly lifted the exhausted fish from the water. It was the largest one he had ever seen, but it was a perch . The boy and his father looked at the handsome fish. Then the father lit a match  and looked at his watch. It was 10 P.M.--- two hours before the season opened. He looked at the fish, then at the boy.
"You'll have to put it back, son," he said.
"Dad!" cried the boy.
"There will be other fish," said his father.
"Not as big as this one," cried the boy.
He looked around the lake. No other fishermen or boats were anywhere around in the moonlight. He looked again at his father. Even though no one had seen them, nor could anyone ever know what time he caught the fish, the boy could know everything by his father's clear voice that the decision could not be changed. He slowly worked the hook  out of the lip of the huge bass and lowered it into the black water.
The creature swished its powerful body and disappeared. The boy suspected that he would never again see such a great fish.
That was 34 years ago. Today, the boy is a successful architect in New York City. His father's cabin is still there on the island in the middle of the lake. He takes his own son and daughters fishing from the same dock.
He was right. He has never again caught such a magnificent fish as the one he landed that night long ago. But he does see that same fish---again and again---every time he comes up against a question of ethics .
The question is: Why did the father ask his son to put the perch back?
The possible answers are:
A:Because the father disliked the perch.
B:Because the father was afraid of being fined.
C:Because the ethics must be observed.
D:Because the son was more experience in fishing than his father.My friend Tom is a schoolboy. Everyone likes him very much because he is funny. He can play many instruments. When he is with his friends, he often plays for them. Today is October 8th. It's Tom's birthday. He has a big and interesting party at home. Many friends come to his party. Tom's mother cooks   a lot of food for them. Everyone gives a beautiful gift to him. Sally gives him an English dictionary because Tom also likes English. Bob gives Tom a guitar because he likes playing the guitar very much. At the party, Tom plays the guitar and he also plays the piano. We sing many songs   and play some interesting games. We have a good time today.
,.
The question is: When is Tom's birthday?
The possible answers are:
A:October 8th.
B:October 7th.
C:November 7th.
D:November 8th.Mr. Smith works in an office. He is very busy and has no time to have a good rest. Every evening, when he comes from his office, he's always tired and wants to go to bed early. But his wife often has a lot of interesting things to tell him after supper. She doesn't stop talking until she falls asleep, but it's usually too late and Mr Smith has to get up in time in the morning when she is asleep.
One day the man felt terrible and couldn't go to work. He decided to go to see a doctor. And Mrs Smith went to the hospital with him. Before her husband said what was the matter with him, the woman told the doctor all and the man understood why. He wrote out a prescription. And when Mr Smith brought the medicine to the resulting-room, the doctor said to her, "The bottle of medicine is for your husband and the pills are for you."
"For me?" the woman said in surprise, "I'm fine. I don't need any medicine!" "I don't think so, madam," said the doctor, "They are sleeping pills, your husband will soon be all right if you take them."
The question is: Why does Mr. Smith have to get up when his wife is asleep in the morning?
The possible answers are:
A:Because he can't fall asleep.
B:Because he has to go to work.
C:Because he doesn't want to sleep.
D:Because his wife asks him to get up.There are many different ways to travel to Paris from London. One of the quickest and most popular ways is by train. From Waterloo Railway station, you can travel all the way to Paris. The journey takes about three hours. The train, called the Eurostar, is very modern, and the seats are comfortable.
You can also travel to France by ship. First, you go to Dover, on the coast  , by bus from London. The bus stops at the Ferry Terminal Seven in Dover. You can buy your tickets there. People who travel by car can drive on to the ferry  , too.
Another way to travel to Paris is by plane. There are several airports with international flights to Paris and other cities in France. You can travel to London Airport by bus or underground. Some people even go by taxi but this is a very expensive way to travel!
The question is: The most popular way to Paris is  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:by ship
B:by plane
C:by car
D:by trainAlmost everyone will meet some problems when they come into a new _ . When you enter a junior high school, everything is new: new school, new teachers, new students...Then what should you do? Now I give you some advice.
When you meet problems, you should speak them out. You can tell your problems to your parents. They can help you with your problems. Of course, you can also let your teachers know. I am sure they will be glad to help you. Most of time we work and play with our classmates. You can communicate with your classmates. You will find you are not alone because they have the same problems as you.
Another way is to take an active part in the school activities. It's good for you to make more friends. If you are good at swimming, you can join the school swimming club. If you do well in English, you can go to the English corner often.
One day, you will leave school and come into the society  . You will also meet many problems. The advice above will help you.
The question is: You can't   _   when you are in trouble   at school.
The possible answers are:
A:ask your teachers for help
B:tell your parents
C:take part in the activities
D:stay alone and solve the problems by yourselfEveryone must go to bed early and get up early, or we won't be healthy and clever.Is this true? Maybe it is.The body must have enough sleep.Children of your age need ten hours'sleep every day.If you don't go to bed early, you won't have enough sleep .Then you can't think properly and can't do your work properly.You will not be clever.Some people go to bed late and get up late.This is not good for them.We must go to bed at night when it is dark.The dark helps us to sleep soundly.When the daytime comes, we must get up.This is the time for exercise.If you lack exercise, you will become weak.Exercise keeps a strong body.Exercise helps the blood flow around inside the body.This is very important.Blood takes food to all parts of our body.The brain also needs blood, we think with our blood.If we keep our body healthy and take exercise, we can think better.
The question is: Exercise makes the body   _
The possible answers are:
A:weak
B:clever
C:health
D:strongBeijing-- During the 24-hour period ending at 4 pm on Sunday, China confirmed six new cases of human H7N9 bird flu  , including five in Zhejiang and one in Jiangsu.
The National Health and Family Planning Commission  said that a total of 102 H7N9 cases have been reported in China, including 20 that have died.
Of the total, 12 H7N9 patients have been _ from hospitals after receiving treatment, and the other 70 patients are being treated in designated  hospitals, according to the commission.
A total of 33 cases, including 11 that have died, have been reported in Shanghai. Twenty-four cases, including three deaths, have been reported in Jiangsu province, and 38 cases, including five deaths, in Zhejiang province. Anhui province has reported three cases, including one death. Beijing has reported one case and three have been reported in Henan province.
China officially confirmed the human cases infected  with the H7N9 virus since last month.
According to the commission, China's confirmed H7N9 cases are isolated  and there has been no sign of human to-human transmission .
The question is: According to the passage, which of the statements is NOT true?
The possible answers are:
A:Twenty people have died of H7N9.
B:Since last month, the human cases infected the H7N9 virus have been reported.
C:Not all the hospitals can take in the H7N9 patients.
D:One person can be infected by staying with the H7N9 patients.My name is Tom. My father, Mr. Read works on a farm, and my mother works in a factory. My father and my mother work six days a week and I am at school from Monday to Saturday. On Sundays we all stay at home. We often go out in a car on Sundays. We often go to the rivers or lakes. Dad likes fishing and I like swimming. Mum sits there and watches us. Dad is very good at fishing. He often catches a lot of fish. Then we take them home for supper. We often have a good time.
Sometimes we go to see my uncle. He has a son, Jim. We often play football together. My uncle and Jim like meat very much. My mother cooks meat for them. I often help her. I like cooking meat and eating, too.
The question is: Tom often goes to   _   on Sundays.
The possible answers are:
A:his uncle's
B:the rivers or lakes
C:school
D:the lakes with his fatherToday there are 7 billion people on the earth.By the year 2050 there may be 9.0 billion.We will have a lot more people to feed.We need more food.
One way to produce more food is by growing stronger plants.For thousands of years,farmers have made plants better.Every season,they pick the best plants for the next season.It works very slowly.Since1983 scientists have been able to change plants more quickly by changing their genetic  material. Foods from plants grown in this way are called genetically modified foods ,or GM foods.
By changing the genetic material of a plant,it is possible to make new plants. They make plants which are strong against plant diseases. They can also help in our diseases:a kind of rice is being prepared,for example,which stops people from becoming blind.Rich countries produce GM foods because they are easy to grow and they bring in more money.Poor countries are interested in them because they help produce more food.
GM plants are not natural.No one knows how good or bad they are.Making GM foods is only one way of feeding people in 2050.But there are strong feelings against them,because they are unnatural. They may feed people,then hurt them or their children later.But both rich and poor countries are very interested in their use,and they are not going to die.In 2050 we may think differently about them.
The question is: Why do some people dislike the GM plants?
The possible answers are:
A:The GM foods may harm the human body.
B:The GM foods have terrible taste.
C:The GM foods are bad for the adults.
D:The GM foods are not cheap.Mary: Let's play computer games.
Gina: That sounds great. Where is your computer?
Mary: I don't have a computer. Do you have a computer?
Gina: No, I don't. But I have a TV. Let's watch TV.
Mary: No, that sounds boring. Let's play tennis. I have a tennis bat.
Gina: Good. Where is it?
Mary: On the sofa. Do you have a bat?
Gina: No, I don't. Does your brother have a bat?
Mary: Yes, he does. And he has tennis balls.
The question is: Who has a TV?
The possible answers are:
A:Mary.
B:Gina.
C:Mary's brother.
D:Gina' s brother.Winter solstice, as the name shows, means the coming of winter. As an important solar term in the traditional Chinese calendar, it is also a traditional holiday for Chinese, which is also called "", "","", etc. Generally, winter solstice occurs between December 21st and 23rd. According to the traditional Chinese calendar, five days constitutes a pentad and three pentads constitutes a solar term. One year is divided into twelve periods and twelve climates which are regarded as twenty-four solar terms. The Winter Solstice is one of twenty-four solar terms. On this day, in the Northern Hemisphere the period of daytime is the shortest of the year and the period of night is longest. . In Northern China during winter solstice there is a custom of eating dumplings.
The question is: On winter solstice the period of night is   _  in China.
The possible answers are:
A:the longest
B:the shortest
C:darkest
D:brightestHere, a reporter is interviewing the 12-year-old singer, Mara Justine, who's one of the youngest contestants of America's Got Talent.
Reporter: Why did you choose to compete on America's Got Talent instead of one of the other singing competitions?
Mara: Well, America's Got Talent actually called me because I had auditioned before, when I was 9 or 10 . I guess they looked over those videos. They asked me to audition again.
Reporter: How does it feel to be one of the youngest people on the show?
Mara: There are a lot of other people with more experience .,but I just try to do my best .I always go on to the stage thinking good thoughts, never bad thoughts.
Reporter: Who is your role model or idol  ? What inspires you?
Mara: For singing, my idols are Aretha Franklin and Christina Aguilera, but a role model to me would be my mom. I love her with all my heart--she encourages me to believe in my dreams.
Reporter: What are your other hobbies?
Mara: I love playing video games, and I usually go to the park with my family. We usually play basketball. We also like to play tennis!
The question is: What's the best title of this passage?
The possible answers are:
A:The Youngest Singer
B:Mara's Got Talent
C:A Singing Competition
D:Mara's HonbbiesIf you want to travel with a partner, you may ask for one on the Internet. There are some tips about how to choose a right partner on the Internet:
Unluckily, you can't ask a person if he has a good feeling. If you ask, everyone will tell you that they do! It is important that you have to get to know your travel partner to find out what kind of feeling he really has.
You can tell a lot about a person's feeling by the words he uses. Ask him about his worst trip. Is he laughing about it now, or still unhappy? Does his worst trip sound like an _ to you? If so, he doesn't match you. Having a good feeling is important for having a good time.
Talk about the hotel you would like to stay in. See if you have the same habit of spending holidays. This is such a quick way to find a partner.
What's more? Always keep in contact with  your travelling partner when travelling. Don't simply hang out without telling them, and don't let them do it to you, either.
The question is: What is the quick way to find if you have the same habit of spending holiday with a_partner?
The possible answers are:
A:Talk about money.
B:Talk about study.
C:Talk about the place you want to go.
D:Talk about the hotel.Grace and I are good friends. We get on very well with each other, though sometimes we fight. I remember last year we didn't talk with each other for a long time before Mid-Autumn Day. But when we met each other that day, we became good friends again.
We both study well. We like talking about the problems in our studies.We also like making up  stories.We made one up in English last month. It was called "Magic Sunflower Club".  I think this is a wonderful name.
Grace is tall and active. She does better in  P.E. than me.  She is good at music. She plays the piano so well that sometimes birds come to listen to her.
I'm shorter and quieter than Grace. I know a lot about science. I often have some new ideas. I'm good at math and art. Our teacher says my drawing is getting better and better. If we don't know something very well, we help each other. So we never have any problems.
The question is: Grace  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:does badly in her studies
B:has a wonderful name
C:is short and quiet
D:is good at palying the pianoIt was a dark and stormy night. I was about to go to bed when I heard a tapping sound on my window. "Who's there?" I shouted. Suddenly there was a flash of lighting; I saw a face at the window. It looked like an alien that I have seen on the television show.
I felt very scared. I ran to my bed and pulled my blanket  over my head. I started to shout for my parents but there was no reply. Then I remembered that they were at a dress party.
After a while my head showed up out of my blanket but it was too dark to see anything. Then I heard footsteps. They were getting louder and louder. It was dark but I knew the way to drawer where I kept my camera. I ran there and took out my camera and started to take pictures in the direction of the window. Soon the footsteps _ , maybe because of my taking picture.
The grandfather clock struck...It was 12 midnight. I went back to my bed and tried to sleep. But I couldn't sleep. I felt too frightened. I sat up; my mind was full of thoughts. Time passed, one o'clock, two o'clock, ... Finally, I fell asleep.
I woke up only after eight and decided to find out the truth. I found some footprints outside my bedroom window. I measured them with a tape  and found them to be exactly the same size as my father's shoes. The footprints ended at the door of my house. I then went to town to get the film developed . But when I saw the photos, they were black and I could hardly see anything. Then I remembered that I did not use the flash.
When I reached home, I told my father the whole matter and he started to laugh. I also started laughing when he told me that he had dressed up as an alien for the party.
The question is: What's the best title for this passage?
The possible answers are:
A:A Terrifying Dream
B:A Scary Night
C:The Frightened Kid
D:The Allen's footprintsPeter and I are good friends. Peter is an American boy. I am a Japanese girl. He is thirteen. I am twelve. We are in the same class,Class Two.
Peter has a nice clock. He likes it very much. He puts it on his desk. Every morning it wakes him up . I have a new watch. It looks beautiful. I wear it every day. It tells  me the time.
The question is: Peter and I are   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:in different classes
B:in the same row
C:in Class Two
D:in AmericaI'm Ann. I am twelve. My birthday is on May 11th.  I am a student. I am in No. 3 middle School. I have a good friend. Her name is Alice. She is twelve, too. We are not in the same class. We have the same English teacher. Her name is Monica. We all like her. Kate is Alice's sister. Oh, today is November 11th. It's Kate's birthday. I will buy her a birthday card.
The question is: Ann and Alice are  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:friends
B:sister
C:classmates
D:cousinsMr. White is an American. He is 38. He teaches science in a school now. He is always busy. Every day he gets up early and gets home late. He is strict in his work. His favorite sport is soccer. He often plays soccer with his students on Fridays. He wants to be a newspaper reporter because he likes writing stories. He hopes he can come to China next year.
,(10)
The question is: Where is Mr. White from?
The possible answers are:
A:Australia
B:the United Kingdom
C:America
D:CanadaWhen your dream is to become a footballer, nothing should get in your way--even if you have no feet.
Gabriel Muniz, an 11-year-old Brazil kid, was born without feet. Although his family thought he would have serious difficulties living a normal life, he started walking before he was one year old. His mother would go after him, expecting him to keep falling, but he never fell. It took him a while to make the jump from walking to playing football, but he did make it. And, in fact, there's nothing he loves more than playing football. In his school, the skillful youngster  is not only the best player in his school team but also the captain of his gym team.
He knows that his disability means he'll never be able to play for a professional  football team. So Gabriel is hoping that football will one day become a Paralympics   sport. He proved to everyone there he could go head to head with any other boy. Watching him play is unbelievable. He's fast and he's got a big bag of tricks--he's very skilled and he does everything he can to copy his hero, Messi so much that he is invited to go to Spain to meet his hero Messi and show his talent in the Barcelona Football Club.
His coach says he is proving the disability only exists  inside our heads and he is challenging  the social
.
The question is: According to the passage we can know that Gabriel Muniz    _   .
The possible answers are:
A:thinks others laugh at him
B:is a professional football player
C:prefers playing for a club
D:is a skillful football playerBill is from Australia. He lives in Sydney. He can speak French and English, but he can' t speak Chinese. He has a pen pal in the United States. Her name is Lisa and she lives in New York. Bill' s favorite sport is basketball and he can play the guitar. Lisa' s favorite sport is tennis. She can't play the guitar, but she can play the piano and sing very well.
The question is: What languages does Bill speak?
The possible answers are:
A:Chinese
B:French
C:English
D:B and CFor many years scientists have said that the earth is getting warmer. Now they have found something new-hot cities! In the southern US, they have found that cities become very hot in summer. For example, the city of Atlanta in Georgia has roof  temperature of up to 50oC while it is 27degC in the streets! At night, the outside of buildings stays so hot that the heat of the city causes storms over the city!
China also has the same kind of problems. Every year more farmland is used for factories or offices. More housing is needed, too. As people become richer, they buy more cars. New roads are needed and new car parks are built in the city centers. This all makes cities hotter.
It isn't easy to change the situation. City planners say that we should plant more trees in the middle of cities. Every new street should have trees on both sides, they say. Trees make the temperature lower, so we should have more trees in our parks and squares. We should also paint our roofs white. If we do this, they do not become so hot. Every roof in a hot and sunny country should have solar  roof panels. The electricity from these can be used to run the air conditioners  in the buildings.
People continue to cut down forests around the cities. This makes the problem worse. Cities are growing faster and faster. By the year 2025, four fifths  of the population will be living in cities. If we go on like this, there will not be enough farmland to feed everyone in the world
The question is: The way to make the city cooler is to  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:plant more trees
B:try to use air conditioners more
C:build more parks and squares
D:paint the roofs of all the white buildingsWhat's a good friend like? One may have different answers to this question at different ages.
When he is very young, he may think a good friend must be together with him all day. And they can share everything together. If his friend doesn't give him food to eat once, he doesn't think they are good friends any more. But they will play together happily again very soon.
When he grows older and studies in a middle school, his idea about a good friend changes. He thinks a good friend should be helpful and honest. A good friend should always help him with his lessons. A good friend should come to him when he is sad. And he is always ready to tell everything to his friend. If his friend tells others about his secrets, he may hate the friend.
When he grows up, he may not think it's necessary for a good friend to be always honest. Everyone has his secrets. If the truth  may hurt the friend, it's better to keep it secret from him than tell him about it. And he may think a good friend can give him some good advice when he has problems. He comes to understand that he shouldn't just ask friends for help and that he should also learn to do something for his friends.
The question is: What does a person want to get from his friends when he is in trouble?
The possible answers are:
A:Money.
B:Advice.
C:Food.
D:Humour.The winter vacation is coming. I don't want to spend more time playing. I decide to work to make money for the next term. But I don't know what work I can do.
Now, my mother is writing a book. She is busy and tired. I want to type for her for pay. When I tell her, she is very happy. She agrees to pay me 5 yuan for 1,000 words. But she asks me to do it carefully.
It is a hard job for me. I type so slowly that I can type only 800 words a day. But I don't want to give up. I will keep typing all day long. I think I can type faster and faster.
I plan to finish the work in two weeks. Then, I will do my winter homework. I begin to know how hard it is to make money. And I really know the meaning of "Where there's a will, there's a way."
The question is: Which is NOT true according to the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:He wants to make money.
B:He is a lazy child.
C:He is a good son.
D:He can type faster and faster at last.Subject: party                                                  Hi! Jenny,
My sister Ann and I are going to have a party this Friday at my home. Some friends will be there. Most of them are from the office. My best friend, Tom, will come, too. I want you to meet him.
Do you want to come? We'll play games and talk. Then we'll have dinner. Everyone will bring food or drinks. It begins at 4:00 pm. and ends at 8 or 9 pm.
We'll have a great time! Can you come?I hope so! Let me know soon. Call me or send me an e-mail.
The question is: Who sent this e-mail?
The possible answers are:
A:Jenny
B:Tom
C:Lisa
D:AnnJack Brown, an office worker, lives in Washington. He inherited a million dollars when he was 23, but he wasn't happy at all.When his college friends were looking for their jobs, he didn't have to. Jack decided to keep living a simple life like everyone else. He gave $ 10,000 of his money to a charity to help poor children live a happy life. Today he is 36. He still wears cheap shoes and clothes and drives a small car only, but he is very happy.
Up to now Jack has helped some children from poor countries all over the world, by sending them each $200 a month. The money is used for the children's study, food, medicine and clothing. Jack receives a report each year on the children's progress They can write to each other, but usually the children do not speak English.
When Jack first heard about these children, he wanted to help them. "It was nothing special,"he said."Until I went to these countries and met the children I was helping, I didn't know anything about their life." Once Jack went to meet a little girl in Africa, he said that the meeting was very exciting. "When I met her, I felt very,very happy,"he said."And I saw that the money was _ . It brought me happiness. I want to do everything I can to go on helping these children."
The question is: What's the main idea of the story?
The possible answers are:
A:Help others, and you'll feel happy.
B:It's necessary to write letters to poor children.
C:Live a simple life, and you can give others help.
D:It's the most important to help the children in Africa.A leading biologist has found the angels and fairies that sit at top of Christmas trees did not get there under their own power.
Prof Roger Wotton, from University College London, found that flight would be impossible for angels with arms and bird-like feathered wings.
"Angels cannot take off and cannot use powered flight," said Prof Wotton. "They would need to be exposed to very high wind velocities at take off - such high winds that they would be blown away."
Some the world's most famous religious paintings and architecture make most Americans believe in angels.
The study found that 68 per cent of the 36,000 adults thought that angels and demons   were at work in the world.
According to the latest study, angels lack the powerful muscles which allow birds to beat their wings.
Prof Wotton's paper explores why there are so many stories about angels. "Angels are very powerful religious icons for people with faith. Their similarity to humans adds to their power. At the same time, they have wings on them because they are more than human. They take messages to heaven and therefore have to fly." said the academic.
The question is: According to the article, how many adults thought that there were real angels and demons?
The possible answers are:
A:68.
B:36,000
C:24,480
D:3,600A man and his wife had a small restaurant near a train station. The restaurant often stayed open until after midnight, because people came to drink and have meals while they were waiting for trains.
At two o'clock one morning, a farmer was still sitting at a table there. He was asleep. The wife of the owner of the restaurant was very sleepy and wanted to go to bed. She looked at the farmer several times and waited for him to wake up and go, but each time she looked, the farmer was still there sleeping. Then at last she went to her husband and said to him, "You have woken him six times now, but why haven't you sent him away? It's very late."
"Oh, no, I don't want to _ " answered her husband with a smile. "You see, whenever I wake him up, he asks for his bill , and when I give him the bill, he pays it and then goes to sleep again."
The question is: The persons who come to the restaurant are those who  _
The possible answers are:
A:want to stay for night
B:want to meet friends
C:wait for the train
D:want to buy train ticketsJohn is a very strong man. He gets a job of cutting  trees in a forest. His boss gives him an axe and showed him the area where he should work.
The first day, John cuts down 18 trees. "Good," the boss says, "keep it up!" happily, John  tries harder the next day, but he only cuts down 15 trees. The third day he tries even harder, but he can only cut down 10 trees. Day after day he cuts down fewer and fewer trees.
"I must be losing my strength ," John thinks. He goes to the boss to say sorry and says that he can not know what is going on. "When is the last time you sharpen  your axe?"  the boss asks. "I'm busy cutting trees, so I have no time to do _ . "
The moral of this story: While John is working hard, he doesn't work "smart". He doesn't think about the best way to do his job.
The question is: Why does John cut down fewer and fewer trees day after day?
The possible answers are:
A:Because he is losing his strength
B:Because he is busy doing something
C:Because he doesn't sharpen his axe.
D:Because his boss lets him do so.Dear Eric,
How are you? This is a picture of my room. You can see a nice computer on my desk. It is my birthday present  from my uncle. A tape player is next to   the computer, and some tapes are on the computer. My school-bag is on the chair. My pencil-box and two books are in the schoolbag. And you can see a set of keys in the schoolbag, too. My bed is blue, and my green quilt is on it. Under the bed, you can see a baseball, and I can play it well. My books are in the bookcase, and my white model plane is in it, too. My room is tidy, isn't it?
Do you have a room? Can I have a picture of your room?
Yours,
Liu Peng
The question is: What is on the computer?
The possible answers are:
A:A tape player.
B:A computer game
C:Some tapes
D:Some booksDrinking water is good for your health. There are some scientific ways of drinking water.
1. It is the best medicine to drink two glasses of water in the morning.
2. Drink clean water.
3. Drink the water that has not been boiled.
Many people think boiled water is safe and good to people's health. In fact, it is not true. The boiling point of water is 100degC. By boiling it, most bacteria in water can be killed. In the past, the water was less polluted. So boiling was a good way to make clean water. But heavy metals and other dangerous things in today's water are much more terrible than bacteria. Boiling doesn't fix that problem. And boiling water may give us more of the dangerous things in our glass.
4. Never use soft drinks to take the place of water.
5. Water is also needed in winter.
6. Drink water at the right time.
1) After getting up in the morning, you have less water in your body, because you weren't drinking for the whole night. So you should drink some water to keep your health after getting up in the morning. That can prevent high blood pressure, cerebral hemorrhages and so on.
2) Drinking water at about 10 am helps your body keep enough water.
3) Drinking water at about 3 pm can clean out the wastes in your body.
4) About eight o'clock in the evening is the best time to drink water. Your blood gets thicker when you sleep. Water will make your blood less thick.
Besides, we should drink 2L of water every day. Water is so important for our life. We should drink water often.
The question is: The best title to this passage is  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:Drink clean water
B:Don't drink the boiled water
C:The use of water
D:Scientific water drinkingMy father is tall and has short gray hair. He wears glasses with heavy black frames . Here is a picture of him from 1968. What a surprise! In the picture, he's 15 years old. He's short and he is wearing glasses with small round frames. He has short blond hair and it's really straight. He is wearing blue jeans and a T-shirt with the word "love" on it. I'm 15 years old now. I'm of medium height and I have short hair. My hair isn't blond. It's blue. My father thinks it's strange  , but my friends think it's great. I wear glasses, but my glasses have bright red frames. They're so cool! I have an earring   in one ear, too. I never wear blue jeans. I' like big baggy pants   and long T-shirts. Most of my T-shirts have pictures of my favorite rock bands on them.
The question is: What color is the writer's hair?
The possible answers are:
A:Blond.
B:Blue.
C:Yellow.
D:Gray.When I was a child, I often dreamed of the time when I could leave home and escape to the city. We lived on a farm and, in the winter especially, we were quite cut off from the outside world. As soon as I left school, I packed my bags and moved to the capital. However, I soon discovered that city life has its problems too.
One big disadvantage is money---it costs so much to go out, not to mention basics like food and housing. Another disadvantage is pollution. I suffer from asthma , and at times the air is so bad that I am afraid to go outside. Then there is the problem of travelling round. Although I have a car, I seldom use it because of the traffic jams. One choice is to go by bicycle, but that can be quite dangerous.
Of course there are advantages. First, there is so much to do in the city, whatever your tastes in culture or entertainment. Besides, there are wonderful jobs and greater chances of moving to a more important job or position. Finally, if you like shopping, the variety of goods is very surprising---and, what is more, shops are often only a short walk away.
Is life better then, in the city? Perhaps it is, when you are in your teens  or twenties. However, as you get older, and especially if you have small children, the peace of the countryside may seem better. I certainly hope to move back there soon.
The question is: Which of the following is true about the writer?
The possible answers are:
A:He is very old now.
B:He is in good health.
C:He prefers driving a car.
D:He lives in the city now.My name is Takashi. I am ten years old. I live in Tokyo, the capital of Japan. Now I'd like to tell you something about my school day.
In the morning I get up at seven, and I eat breakfast at half past seven at a table called a kotatsu. We usually sit on mats with our legs under the table.
After breakfast, I start going to school at ten to eight. I usually wear a yellow hat and a T-shirt. The clothes can tell other people my address and my school. I go to school from Monday to Friday and every other Saturday. When it's lunch time, we eat in our classroom. Our teacher eats with us, too. Sometimes we have sushi, a kind of popular Japanese food. Many people in Japan like it very much. We make it with rice, fish and eggs.
My school day is not easy, but most of us enjoy it because we want to have a good future.
The question is: What can we learn from the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:Takashi isn't from Japan.
B:Kotatsu is a kind of Japanese food.
C:Takashi doesn't eat lunch with his teacher.
D:We can know Takashi's school from his clothes.Mr. Smith was in trouble those days. He drove a car for Mr. Black, a rich businessman. He worked hard and the shopkeeper liked him. But he couldn't work when he drank too much. Once he almost fell into the river when he drove along the bridge. Mr. Black became angry and was going to send him away. Mr. Smith had a big family and was afraid of it and promised he would stop drinking at once. The man told him to wait to be dealt with.
One Monday morning Mr. Smith came into the office with two badly burnt ears. "What happened to your ears?" asked Mr. Black.
"Well, "said the man," I went to watch a football match yesterday while my wife was ironing  clothes. She had put the iron near the telephone before she went to cook supper. Our team lost the game and I felt sorry for it. As soon as I went in the sitting -room, the phone rang and I answered the iron!" "And what happened to the other ear?" "When I put the iron down on the table, the telephone rang again!"
The question is: Mr. Smith went to watch the football match on  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:Monday
B:Tuesday
C:Saturday
D:SundayMy name is Frank White. I'm fifteen years old. I was born  on May 13th, 1996. Mike is my good friend. His birthday is on May 15th. He is only 13 years old now. Every year on May 14th, we have a birthday party together in our school. We often have a pop concert  . I play the guitar. He plays the drum. Many friends come to our party. We are very happy.
The question is: Mike was born on   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:May 13 th, 1998.
B:May 15 th , 1998.
C:May 14 th,1996.
D:May 16 th , 1996.Hello! My name's Mary Brown. I'm a girl. I like red. I have a red schoolbag. What's this? It's my red pencil box. Is that my ruler? Yes, it is. It is a red ruler. What's that? It is a watch. Is it my watch? No, it isn't. It's Bob's watch. It's blue.
The question is: What's the girl's family name?
The possible answers are:
A:Green
B:Brown
C:Miller
D:HandZhao Hua is a student from a university. He has led a group of university student volunteers since last year. They help children at a primary school with their studies and daily lives.
"When I was a small child," Zhao said, "I knew March 5th was a day for people to learn from Lei Feng and help others, but I didn't know the real meaning of the spirit  of Lei Feng. Now when I see the smiling faces of the kids I have helped, I deeply understand Lei Feng. Helping others makes me happy.,'
Lei Feng (1940-1962) is one of the best-known soldiers in Chinese history. He lost his parents when he was very young. His neighbors brought him up. He died in an accident at the age of 22. He did many _ in his short life. For example, he gave his own money to the parents of another soldier, and bought a ticket for a woman he didn't know without telling her his name.
On March 5th, 1963, Chairman Mao called on people to "Learn from Lei Feng" and made the day "Lei Feng Day".
Today almost 50 years has passed since Lei Feng's death. Some people say that the spirit of Lei Feng is out. There have been many reports about the coldness of people towards strangers. This has made many Chinese people think deeply about themselves.
Many people think We need to promote  that spirit again. The important thing is that we must be ready to help others and make it a habit.
,,. 
(5,2,l0)
The question is: Which day is "Lei Feng Day"?
The possible answers are:
A:May 3rd
B:May 5th
C:March 3rd
D:March 5thChris Jones recently completed a very unusual journey. Our reporter Mary Owen met him at
his home in the south of London and be told her all about the trip.
Reporter: What gave you the idea to make a trip around India on an elephant, Chris?
Chris: Well, it all started the idea two years ago when I was planning a trip to India. I visited a
photo exhibition of elephants and I realized that the only enjoyable way to make a trip around
India was on an elephant.
Reporter: What did you do next?
Chris: I flew to New Delhi and started looking for an elephant, I needed an elephant trained to
carry people. I didn't know anything about elephants, so I asked an expert  for help. He
taught me how to ride an elephant. He also helped me find an elephant.
Reporter: How long did it take to find a suitable elephant?
Chris: Not too long. I bought a female elephant called Tara for about 6, 000 dollars.
Reporter: Can you tell me about the journey?
Chris: Tara and I set off from New Delhi a week later. We were going to Sonepur in northern
India. There is a big elephant market there and I could sell Tara easily. And what a ride! Elephants
can travel at about 6 miles an hour and Sonepur is more than 1, 200 km away. It took us 64 days to
complete the journey.
Reporter: Did you have any problems on your journey?
Chris: Yes, a few. But nothing serious. On the third day, Tara hurt her foot. Btu that got better
quickly. Also, there was a lot of heavy rain during the first week and we got very wet!
Reporter: What happened when you reached Sonepur?
Chris: My plan was to sell Tara. But I was very fond of her. I couldn't take her back to Britain
and I didn't want to sell her at the market. I happened to meet some people who wanted an
elephant for their national park in southern India. I knew that Tara would be safe with them, so I
gave her to them. I was very sad to say goodbye.
The question is: The elephant expert told Chris   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:when to buy an elephant
B:how to feed an elephant
C:where to sell his elephant
D:how to ride an elephantDavid Moore taught science at the City School.He needed some expensive books,so he bought them.He put the books in his car in a quiet street.Then he went to other shops to buy something else.At six he came back to the car.One door was open--and the books were not there.David drove home.
That night he wrote a letter to a newspaper.The next day he went to the police station.
On Friday people read this in the newspaper:
Books: Have you any old books? I buy old and modern books.
Open all day on Saturday.Dauid Moore.26 Fry Road.
David stayed at home on Saturday.The first mall came at eight.David took him to the kitchen.At half past nine another man arrived.He had a bag under his arm.
"Mr.Moore?"the man asked.
"That's right,"David said."Can I help you?"
"I've got some good books.You buy books,don't you?"
"Yes.Bring them in. Let me have a look."
Soon the books were on the dining-table."Come in now."David called,"and bring the list."
A policeman came into the dining-room.He read the names on the books and the names on the list in his hand.They were the same.
"Come with me.Sir."the policeman said to the man.
The question is: The first man to David's home was a  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:thief
B:policeman
C:driver
D:cookWhile I was running slowly one morning, I saw my friend's father sitting alone on the roadside bench. So I crossed the road to wish him a good morning.
As I came over to him, he was very happy to see me. He said it was nice of me to come and chat with him. Then he said to me in a low and sad voice: "At this stage of my life, it feels very lonely here. Anybody sharing a few heartfelt moments would mean a lot to me. "
I was completely shocked by what he said, and I wondered: What could be that little thing that I can do to make his life different?
I knew he was a painter, so I started to ask him about his latest painting experiences. Painting is a passionate   topic for him, and he started to talk with me about it. I asked him, "Can you teach me to paint?"
He was surprised at first and then agreed instantly.
Now, every other day, I go to learn how to paint from him. We paint a lot and talk a lot. He says he feels better, and he waits for me. I say I feel better. After all, I am the one getting so much wisdom from a man who is nearing the horizon of his life with so much experience!
The question is: The old man felt   _   at the sight of the writer.
The possible answers are:
A:pleased
B:strange
C:shocked
D:surprisedHave you ever heard about the Whale Inside Dark Restaurant? The restaurant is in eastern downtown Beijing. It's the first eat-in-the-dark restaurant in China, and also in Asia. The restaurant is so welcome, since it's open in January at jianwai SOHO in Chaoyang District.
People going there will experience darkness both during the day and the night. The restaurant offers not only a wonderful choice for food, but also a special environment for friends or parties.
Every day, Whale Inside receives at least 50 guests from everywhere around Beijing. About 10 per cent of them are foreigners.
The customers will go to the light to see the menu, and then they have to hand in all mobile phones, watches and other things that can give off light. They then move to the dark world. Waiters will lead them to the dark dining area. Of course, the waiters are all wearing special glasses that can make them see in the dark. Customers cannot see anything including their food or friends. They have to look for their spoons, drinks, and anything else.
Every table may get a "secret dish ". The guests will have one chance to guess what the dish is made of. Everyone who guesses it correctly can win a prize. "It is not easy," said the manager, "because without seeing it, only 30 per cent of the guests can get the answer."
The question is: The passage mainly tells us that   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:eating in the darkness is very popular today
B:it's strange to eat in the darkness
C:many people go to get the prize in Whale Inside
D:the first eat-in-the-dark restaurant in China and also in AsiaMy father is seventy-five years old this year. But he looks very young. He looks like a sixty-year-old man. Now he can do everything all by himself. For example, he cooks, washes clothes, does the housework and so on.
Every morning, my father goes out with a radio. He listens to the music or the news and goes to the park to play taijiquan. In the park, he talks and laughs with other old people. After coming back from the park, he begins to have breakfast and then he goes to the university   for the old. He learns drawing there. In the afternoon, he plays on the computer for about one or two hours. After supper he watches TV and learns about the world. He goes to bed at about eight o'clock. He never stays up. He likes to share his ways of keeping healthy with others.
Are you healthy? If not, what do you learn from my father's secret of keeping healthy?
,.
The question is: The writer's father will be  _  years old next year.
The possible answers are:
A:60
B:61
C:75
D:76As traditional Chinese art, paper cutting has a long history. The first and earliest paper cutting was found in China 1,500 years ago. But this traditional art is at risk of disappearing now. Luckily, Voyo Woo, a Chinese immigrant in America, is trying to bring this art back to life.
One Saturday in 2014, Ms Woo held a paper cutting show at a shopping center near Washington. She got much fun and peace doing it. She hoped more people would enjoy it.
Ms Woo began to study the art of paper cutting as a 14-year-old girl in her hometown in China. She said all the students at school had to learn paper cutting. But she had a deep love for it. So her teacher spent more time teaching her after class. Later, she won the second prize in a national painting and art competition. Ms Woo went to America after she finished collage in 2008. Soon after that, she took part in an activity to promote Chinese paper cutting. And then she was invited to show the art in many important activities."It is important to promote this art to Americans or anyone who is interested in it.Maybe it will make this art more popular."Woo said.
From the art of paper cutting, people can know about Chinese cultural values, history and stories of people's life. Ms Woo uses the art as a tool to show Chinese culture to people who know little about it. Chinese art is not only for Chinese, but also for people all over the world.
The question is: What did Ms Woo do in 2014?
The possible answers are:
A:She won the second prize in a national painting and art competition.
B:She was invited to many activities to show paper cutting.
C:She held a paper cutting show at a shopping center near Washington.
D:She took part in an activity to promote Chinese paper cutting.On my eighth birthday, Dad bought me an accordion  and said excitedly, "Once you learn to play, it'll stay with you for life." But I didn't want to play it. I just wanted to play games, But Dad asked me to take accordion lessons.
One day, I found a box in a corner. When I opened it, I saw a beautiful violin. "It was your father's," Mum said. "His parents bought it for him. I guess he got too busy on the farm to learn to play it."
I had to practice half an hour every day, and every day I tried to get out of it. But _ I asked why. He answered, "Because you can bring people joy. You can touch their hearts." He added softly, "Someday you'll have the chance I never had: you'll play beautiful music for your family. And you'll understand why you've worked so hard." I was speechless.
The lessons stopped after I finished high school. When I grew up, I got married and moved into a new house. I put the accordion in the attic .
One afternoon, my two children found the accordion by accident  . They got very excited. "Play it. Play it," they laughed and said. I started to play some simple songs. I was surprised I could still remember them. Soon the kids were dancing. Even my wife was laughing and clapping to the beat.
At that moment, my father's words came back to me, "Someday you'll have the chance I never had. And you'll understand." I finally knew why Dad had asked me to practice hard. Dad never learnt to play his violin. But I told my family, "This is my father's music."
The question is: Dad asked me to learn to play the accordion so that   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:I could go to a better school
B:I could give myself much joy
C:I could be a useful man
D:I could make people happyOne day, an old man went(go)for a walk in a park in Washington, and when he was(is) tired, he sat(sit) down on a bench . A young person  was standing on the other side of the pond .
"My goodness" the old man said(say)to the person sitting next to him on the bench."Do you see the person with loose pants "and long hair? Is it a boy or a girl?"
"A girl," said the person sitting next to the old man. "She's my daughter."
"Oh!" the old man said quickly, "please excuse me. I didn't know that you are her mother."
"I'm not her mother," said the person."I'm her father!"
The question is: From the story we know that person sitting next to the old man was   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:something like a man
B:something like a woman
C:very tired
D:eastern countriesIn our city,there is a big zoo. There are a lot of animals in it.
Mona is an Australian koala. She is seven years old. She is very cute. She likes sleeping during the day. But at night she gets up and eats leaves. Mona doesn't drink water for months. But she is healthy,because she can get water from the leaves.
Here is a big house. A lion lives in it. His name is Gerry. He is ugly. He is from Africa. Meat is his favorite food. Gerry is very lazy. He sleeps and relaxes for 20 hours every day. Today is Gerry's eighth birthday. The workers in the zoo are having a birthday party for him.
This is a big elephant. His name is Johnny. He is from India .He's eleven years old. He has bad eyesight .He likes to eat grass. He's friendly and clever. People can teach him to do things for them.
Tuantuan is a cute panda. She is five years old. She's from China. She is very beautiful,but she's very shy,so please keep quiet. She likes eating bamboos and drinking water. She relaxes about 10 hours every day.
The question is: These animals come from   _   countries.
The possible answers are:
A:two
B:three
C:four
D:fiveWhat will you do if you have six million dollars? Different people give different answers.
David  I will buy an island if I have six million dollars. Then I will be the king of the island. I will invite my friends to my island and we'll have a good time there.
Cathy  If I get six million dollars, I want to start my own business and I will do a lot of things for my family. For me, nothing is more important than my family. I will buy a new house for my parents and take them to travel around the world.
Julie   If I have six million dollars, I will put five million in the bank and spend one million. I will visit Sydney, Toronto, Moscow and other interesting cities. I want to try different kinds of delicious food, and build a house with a swimming pool.
Victor  If I have six million dollars, I will use the money to do everything I like. I will use two million to open my own shop. And I will give another four million to schools and charities. I would like to help students in poor areas to get good education. I want everyone to live a happy life.
The question is: Which of the following is NOT true according to this passage?
The possible answers are:
A:Victor hopes everyone can live a happy life.
B:Julie doesn't like traveling.
C:Cathy loves her family very much.
D:David gets on well with his friends.Morgan is very happy these days. She is in Grade 7 at L.B Clarke Middle School, the USA. She gives her journals   to the teacher. She writes them in the summer holiday. She says, "I read many books to finish them."
In the summer holiday, most schools in the USA ask students to read. But L.B.Clarke starts a program   this year.
Students write their journals three times a week. The journals are about books they read or their everyday life. _ says a teacher in the school, "Our program also asks them to read, but in a different way."
Caroline, another student, finishes six journals. She writes about her favourite books and family trips.
"The program helps me learn new things," she says, "and if I forget something, I can look in my journals."
The question is: How does Morgan finish the journals?
The possible answers are:
A:She visits many places.
B:She asks many friends.
C:She asks her parents for help.
D:She reads many books.In front of my daughter, Shelly, was a bowl filled with cabbage. She hated cabbage. She only sat there in silence with tears in her eyes.
"Shelly, my dear, why don't you eat a little? If not, your mum will shout at us."
Shelly didn't feel happy. "OK, dad. I will eat, just a little." Then Shelly said, "Dad, if I eat it all, will you give me what I want?"
"Yes."
Slowly she began to eat. It took her almost half an hour to finish all the food in the bowl. Then she came up to me and said, "Dad, I want to have my hair cut off!"
"Shelly, why don't you ask for something else? If we see your head like that, we'll feel very sad," I said.
"But Dad, you promised! Now you're going back on your words. "
I had to keep my promise. Shelly had all her hair cut off. She smiled.
On Monday morning, I took Shelly to school. Just when I arrived, a boy got out of a car and shouted, "Shelly, please wait for me!"
Guess what? The boy had no hair, either.
"Sir, your daughter is great!" a man got out of the car and said, "This boy is my son, Harish. He has cancer. He lost his hair when he got ill. Shelly cut hers off so Harish felt less different. She is a special girl."
I stood for a while, "My little daughter, you teach me how selfless real love is!"
The question is: Shelly   _   before she ate her meal.
The possible answers are:
A:felt happy
B:felt unhappy
C:cut off her hair
D:shouted at her dadBob Pearson is an old man. He has two big houses and a new car. He has no wife. But he is the father of four children. He has two sons and two daughters. One son is from England. His name is Bill. The other son is from America. His name is Mike. One of his daughters is from Japan. Her name is Mikou. The other one is from China. Her name is Lanlan. Bob Pearson is not the children's real  father, but he loves them very much. The children love their "father" , too.
The question is: Which is RIGHT?
The possible answers are:
A:Bob Pearson is a very nice young man.
B:Bill and Mikou come from the same country.
C:Bob Pearson has a wife.
D:Lanlan is a Chinese girl.Dear Li Ming,
I've been in England for two months now. I hope you don't think I have forgotten you. There have been so many places to see and so many things to do that I've not had much time to write letters. I will soon be starting my studies at King's College. So far I've been learning about England and British ways of living. I will tell you about London. One great thing about it is that it has lots of books you can read and lots of pictures you can look at. I am sure you'll be more interested to know what I think about the life here.
I found some of the customs new and interesting. People here don't shake hands as much as we do in Germany. During the first few weeks I was often surprised because people didn't put out their hands when I met them. Men raise their hats to women but not to each other.
Wang Gang
The question is: The writer came to England to   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:make a living
B:study
C:learn about life there
D:learn British ways of livingOne day, Mr. Smith went to a dinner party. He was wearing very old clothes. He came into the room. But people in the room didn't look at him. They didn't ask him to sit at the table. He wasn't happy. But he said nothing.
Mr. Smith went home quickly and put on   his best clothes. He went back to the party. Everyone in the room stood up and looked at him. They gave him good food to eat. Mr. Smith took off his coat, and put it on the food and said, "Eat, coat!" The other people were surprised and asked, "What are you doing? Why do you do that?"  Mr. Smith answered, "I am asking my coat to eat food. When I wore old clothes, you didn't look at me. You didn't ask me to sit down. Now I am wearing these nice clothes. And you give me good food. Now I see, you give the food to my coat, not to me."
The question is: One day, Mr. Smith went to  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:a birthday party
B:a dinner party
C:an English party
D:a movieTom had once worked in a city office in London, but now he was out of work.He had a large family to support, so he often found himself in difficulty.He often visited Mr.White on Sundays, told him about his troubles, and asked for two or three pounds.
Mr.White, a man with a kind heart, found it difficult to refuse to give the money, though he himself was poor.Tom had already received more than thirty pounds from Mr.White, but he always seemed to be in need of some more.
One day, after telling Mr.White a long story of his troubles, Tom asked for five pounds.Mr.White had heard this sort of thing before, but he listened patiently to the end.Then he said,"I understand your difficulties, Tom.I'd like to help you.But I'm not going to give you five pounds this time.I'll lend you the money, and you can pay me back next time you see me."
Tom took the money, but he never appeared again.
The question is: Altogether Tom received  _  from Mr White.
The possible answers are:
A:at least thirty-five pounds
B:just thirty-five pounds
C:less than thirty pounds
D:five poundsTom comes from Australia. He is now staying in Beijing with his family. Every day he gets up at about six thirty and has breakfast at seven o'clock. Then he leaves home at seven fifteen. He gets to school at seven forty- five. His first class begins at eight. There are four lessons in the morning. Morning classes are over at eleven fifty, and he has lunch ten minutes later.
Afternoon classes begin at one thirty. There are two lessons in the afternoon. They are over at three ten. Tom stays at school for another hour to play games, and he gets home at about four thirty.
Tom usually has supper at six. In the evening he does his homework. Sometimes he watches TV. He goes to bed at about ten.
The question is: Tom does his homework   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:in class
B:at school
C:in a park
D:at homeA priest  had a cat that climbed up a tree in his backyard and then was afraid to come down. The tree was not strong enough to climb, so the priest decided that if he tied a rope to his car and drove away so that the tree bent  down, he could then reach up and get the kitty. He did so, checking his progress in the car again and again, then work out if he went just a little bit further, the tree would be bent enough for him to reach the kitty. But as he moved a little further forward, the rope broke.
The tree went "boing!" and the kitty at once sailed through the air -- out of sight. The priest felt terrible. He walked all over the neighborhood asking people if they'd seen his kitty. Nobody had seen a lost kitty.
So, he prayed, " _ " and went on about his business.
Several days later he was at the grocery store, meeting one of his church members. He happened to look into her shopping cart and was amazed to see cat food. Before this woman was a cat hater and everyone knew it, so he asked her, "Why are you buying cat food when you hate cats so much?"
She replied, "You won't believe this," and told him how her little girl had been begging  her for a cat, but she kept refusing. Then a few days before, the child begged again, so the Mom finally told her little girl, "Well, if  _ , you can keep it." She told the priest, "I watched my child go out in the yard, get on her knees, and ask God for a cat. You won't believe this, but I saw it with my own eyes. A cat suddenly came flying out of the blue sky, with its paws spread out, and landed right in front of her. "
The question is: Which may be the best title of this passage?
The possible answers are:
A:A flying cat
B:A lucky girl
C:God sent her a cat
D:An unlucky priestIn England recently three foreign gentlemen came to a bus stop and waited . About five minutes later, the bus they wanted came along. They were just going to get on when suddenly there was a loud noise behind them. People rushed onto the bus and tried to push them out of the way . Someone shouted at them. The bus conductor came rushing down the stairs to see what all the trouble was about. The three foreigners seem all at sea and looked embarrassed ( . No one had told them about the British custom  of lining up for a bus that the first person who arrives at the bus stop is the first person to get on the bus .
Learning the language of a country isn't enough. If you want to have a pleasant visit, find out as much as possible about the manners and customs of your host country. You will probably be surprised just how different they can be from your own. A visitor to India would do well to remember that people there consider it impolite to use the left hand for passing food at table. The left hand is supposed to be used for washing yourself. Also in India, you might see a man shaking his head at another to show that he doesn't agree. But in many parts of India a shake of the head means agreement. Nodding   your head when you are given a drink in Bulgaria will most probably leave you thirsty .
In that country, you shake your head to mean 'yes'-- a nod means 'no' . At a meal in countries on the Arabic Peninsula, you will find that your glass is repeated refilled as soon as you drink up . If you think that you have had enough , you should take the cup or glasses in your hand and give it a little shake from side to side or place your hand over the top.
In Europe it quite usual to cross your legs when you are sitting talking to someone even at an important meeting. Doing this in Thailand, however, could bring about trouble . Also, you should try to avoid  touching the head of an adult   ----it's just not done in Thailand .
The question is: According to the article, if you want to have a pleasant journey in a foreign country, you should   _
The possible answers are:
A:learn the language of the country
B:understand the manners and customs of the country
C:have enough time and money
D:make friends with the people thereLast summer, Mark became a middle school student. He took an English test in the first month. Mark was a good student and he worked hard. He finished the questions easily until he read the last one: "Everyone sees our school's cleaner every day. What's her first name?" Of course, this question is a little special. Mark saw the woman some times. She was tall and her hair was dark. But Mark didn't talk with her and didn't know her first name. The test was over. Then one student asked the teacher, "Is the last question very important in this test?" "Yes," said the teacher. "In our life, we meet many hard-working people. They are important. You should care about them. You should smile at them or say 'hello' to them." Mark never forgot that question. He also learned that woman's first name. It was Kathy.
The question is: What does the sentence "You should smile at them or say 'hello' to them." mean?
The possible answers are:
A:.
B:.
C:.
D:.In the old time, there was a man. He wanted to buy a pair of new shoes. Hemeasured  his feet with a straw , and then went to a shoe shop in town.
The man in the shop took out a pair of new shoes, and let him try it on. But when he looked into pocket, he found that the straw was not there. So he said, "I'm sorry. I forget to bring the size here! Let me go home to get it back." After that, he ran out of the shop. It was very far from his home to the shoe shop. When he got back home, he was very tired.
With the straw in his hand, he went back to the shoe shop again .But the shop was closed .
Someone near the man said, " Your feet are with you. Why did you not try which pair of shoes fitted your feet?"
The question is: Who asks the man a question at last?   _
The possible answers are:
A:An old man
B:An old woman
C:Someone near him
D:No oneToday is November 20th. It's my sister Mary's 8thbirthday. In the morning, my parents take us to Zig Zag's Clothes Store. There my mother buys a red sweater for Mary. And we go to Huaxing Book Store. There I buy some CDs for Mary. My father also buys a book for Mary, and its name is Harry Potter. It's Mary's favorite book.
In the afternoon, my parents have a birthday party for Mary at home. Mary's friends, Bill and Cindy come to the party. Bill brings  a new pencil box to Mary. Mary likes it very much. Cindy gives Mary an English-Chinese dictionary. Mary is very happy. Oh, I'm Mary's brother. My name is Nick.
The question is: Mary's favorite   _   is Harry Potter.
The possible answers are:
A:CD
B:clothes
C:book
D:storeMy son Joey was born with club feet.The doctors told us that he would be able to walk,but would never run very well.By the time he was eight,you wouldn't know he had a problem when you saw him walk.
The children in our neighborhood ran around playing,and Joey would join them, run and play,too.We never told him that he probably wouldn't be able to run as well as the other children.So he didn't know.
In seventh grade he decided to go out for the cross-country team.Every day he worked harder and ran more than any of the others.Although the entire team runs,only the top seven runners score for the school.We didn't tell him he probably would never be on the team,so he didn't know.
He continued to run four to five miles a day,every day - even the day he had a high fever.I was worried,so I went to see him after school.I found him running all alone.I asked him how he felt."Okay," he said.He had two more miles to go.Yet he looked straight ahead and kept running.We never told him he couldn't run miles with a high fever.So he didn't know.
Two weeks later,the names of the team runners were called.Joey was Number Six on the list.Joey was on the team! He was in seventh grade.We never told him he couldn't do it!
The question is: The doctor believed Joey would never run very well because   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:Joey didn't like running
B:Joey couldn't jump
C:Something was wrong with his feet
D:Joey was too young to runWang Bing's father began smoking when he was in college. His friend passed him his first cigarette . He has now been smoking for more than 30 years. It's an example of how young people are introduced to cigarettes,except that nowadays smokers develop their habit at an even younger age. It has become a main worry in China that many teenagers begin to smoke. A showed that 22. 5 % of the middle school students questioned had tried smoking and 15. 8% of them smoked regularly . For many teenagers, smoking is a symbol of being an adult,maturity   and attractiveness because the images who they love best often smoke on screen.
The social environment also plays an important role in attracting teenagers, to smoking. They are used to seeing their elders, especially male  family members, smoking at home. Many of them imitate adult behavior and become new smokers.
To increase the price of cigarettes is a useful way to reduce the number of young smokers, as teenagers have no enough money to spend on them.
Another way is to teach the teenagers to refuse cigarettes. A survey shows that 92. 5% of the students know smoking will be bad for their health. If we tell them, in a proper way, most of them may give up smoking.
All in all, the society, the government, the school and the family should join together to take the responsibility for an anti-smoking act aimed at teenagers,not just to put empty words and warnings on cigarette packs.
The question is: What's the main idea of this passage?
The possible answers are:
A:The teenagers think smoking is a symbol of being an adult and maturity.
B:The social environment encourages the teenagers to smoke.
C:The teenagers should be taught to refuse to smoke.
D:The teenage smoking has become a serious problem in China.Bicycle Tour  and Race 
A bike tour and race will be held on August 26 and 27(Sat. & Sun.) at 5:30 a.m. The riders will leave Tiananmen Square and ride the first 35 kilometers as a training leg. Then the next 55 kilometers leg, from Yanjiao to Jixian, will be the first competitive  part of the tour. The riders and their bikes will then be taken from Jixian to Changli.
The second racing leg of the tour will be from Changli to the seaside of Nandaihe, covering a distance of 20 kilometres. Saturday night the riders will stay at Nandaihe for supper. Sunday morning is free for playing at the seaside. At noon all the people and their bikes will be taken back to Beijing.
Cost: 200 yuan
Telephone: 4675027
Ticket price: Y=60, Y=100, Y=150
Time/Date: 4:30 p.m., August 26(Sat.)
Telephone: 5012372
Rock Climbing
The Third National Rock Climbing Competition will be held on August 26-27 at the Huairou Mountain Climbing Training Center. More than 10 teams from Beijing, Wuhan, Dalian, Jilin and other places will join in it. A Japanese team will give an exhibition  climbing free for audience .
Take a bus from Dongzhimen to Huairou.
Time/Date: 9:00~12:00, August 26 and 27
Telephone: 7143177, 7144850
The question is: The main purpose of the passages in the newspaper is to give information about   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:visiting teams
B:famous players
C:things to do for the weekend
D:prices to pay for the sports eventsMr. Clark worked in a newspaper, and he did a lot of important and difficult work, but then he began to forget things, and this made his work very difficult. One day he said to himself, "I'm going to go and see Dr. Martin about this."
He waited in the doctor's waiting room with the other patients, and then the nurse said to him, "You can go in and see Dr. Martin now".
"Oh, doctor," said Mr. Clark, 'it's terrible, I can't remember anything for longer than half a minute, and it's making my work very difficult. What can I do? Can you help me?"
The doctor said, "When did this start, Mr. Clark?"
"When did what start?" Mr. Clark said.
The question is: A patient is   _   .
The possible answers are:
A:a person who will die soon
B:a person who is ill
C:a doctor' s helper
D:a doctor's friendOne day Tom borrowed a pot  from his neighbour, Ali. The next day he brought it back with another little pot inside.
"That's not mine," said Ali.
"Yes, it is." said Tom, "While your pot was staying with me, it had a baby."
Some time later, Tom asked Ali to lend him a pot again. Ali said yes, hoping that he would once again get two pots in return. However, days passed and Tom still did not give the pot back. Finally Ali was angry and went to ask for it.
"I am sorry," said Tom, "I can't give it back to you because it died."
"Died!" cried Ali, "How can a pot die?"
"Well," said Tom, "you believed me when I told you that your pot had a baby."
The question is: Why was the neighbor happy to lend his pot a second time?
The possible answers are:
A:Because he wanted to get more.
B:Because he was a good neighbour.
C:Because he had lots of pots.
D:Because he likes to help others.Hello!I'm Lucy. We have three new teachers this term. But I like the English teacher best. Who is she? She is Linda Smith. Do you want to know her?
Linda is very beautiful. Look! She has a round face, two big blue eyes, a straight nose and a small mouth. Her hair is very long. And she is not tall and not short. She likes wearing a white dress. She looks like an angel. Linda works very hard every day. And she is strict with us, but she is kind. Her class is very interesting. In class, she is our teacher. After class, she is our friend. Ms Smith is good at ping-pong and singing. We all like her.
The question is: How many new teachers does Lucy have this term?
The possible answers are:
A:One
B:Two
C:Three
D:FourKaty Marsh is seventy years old now. She stopped working five years ago. Last year she decided to make her dream come true.
When she was young, she hoped to travel along a river of Scotland  in a small boat. She took her small CD player, her hot water bottle and a bag of books to make her life in the boat wasn't too uncomfortable. We asked her if she was afraid of  being on the river for so long. She said, "Well, I'm going to take a good _ . When I'm losing my way during my trip, it can help me a lot. Anyway I'm not afraid of death  because I love rivers-I just hope it loves me too. " Katy certainly had lots of energy  . In her free time, she enjoyed playing the piano, swimming, hiking, and dancing. She had a wonderful trip in the small boat last year.
She is seventy, but she doesn't want to have a quiet and peaceful life. She hopes to have fun in the rest  of her life.
The question is: What kind of life does Katy want to have?
The possible answers are:
A:Quiet.
B:Exciting.
C:Rich.
D:Peaceful.A lift is wonderful. It is really only a small room. Rooms usually stay in one place. Lifts travel up and down all day long.
Sometimes a worker stands in the lift. He or she operates it up and down. In modern lifts there is no worker. The people walk in. They know what floor they want. They push a button and the lift goes to that floor. It is all very fast and easy.
Lifts are very important to us. Why? Think about a tall building. Maybe it has twenty floors. Maybe it has fifty or more. Who can walk up all the stairs? Maybe people can climb them one time. Can someone climb thirty floors to an office every day? Can small children walk up to their room on the twenty-fourth floor? Can their mother and father carry food up all those stairs? Of course not.
We can have high buildings because we have lifts. We could not have all the beautiful tall buildings in the world without lifts. They are really wonderful.
The question is: Which of the following is true?
The possible answers are:
A:A modern lift has no buttons.
B:A modern lift has a worker to operate it.
C:A modern lift can go up and down with no worker in it.
D:A modern lift knows what floor people want.Mrs Green is going to give a birthday party for Mary . Mary is her daughter . Mary will be thirteen years old . A lot of Mary's friends are going to the party . There are going to be twenty girls at the party . Mrs Green are getting ready for the party . Mrs White is helping her . " That's a pretty ( ) cake , " Mrs White says to Mrs Green . " Thank you very much ." Mrs Green is going shopping now . She's buying fruit for the party . She buys a lot of oranges ,apples and bananas .  Then she goes home . It's three o'clock in the afternoon .  Everything is ready . Now the first girl is arriving .  The party is going to start .
The question is: How many girls are going to come to the party .?
The possible answers are:
A:Less than twenty
B:More than twenty
C:Twenty
D:Many and manyAn unpunctual man never does what he has to do at the right time. He is always in a hurry and in the end loses both time and his good name. A lost thing may be found again, but lost time can never be got back. Time is more useful than material things. In fact, time is life itself. An unpunctual man is always wasting his most important things as well as others'. An unpunctual person is always saying unhappily that he finds no time to answer letters or return calls. But the man who really has much to do is very careful of his time. He knows that he can not finish all his work unless he carefully does every piece of work.
Being unpunctual is the sign of disrespect ( _ ) towards others. If a person is invited to
dinner and arrives later than the time when he should be there, he keeps all the other guests  
waiting for him. Usually this will be thought as a great disrespect to the host and all the other guests.
Not like a punctual person, an unpunctual one can't do his duty wonderfully, whether it is public or personal. Imagine how it would be if those who should do important tasks failed to be on time. A man who is known to be often unpunctual is never believed by his friends or fellow men.
The question is: Which of the following is TRUE according to the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:An unpunctual person often has more time.
B:An unpunctual person has more work to do.
C:A punctual person often has a busy life.
D:A punctual person often does his work wonderfully.Can you write down a Chinese word being read to you? Sometimes it can be difficult when you find the word is not included in most dictionaries.
Lu Jialei, 14, from Hangzhou Foreign Language School, won the CCTV Chinese Character   Spelling Contest on Oct 18th, 2013. About 160 people competed. The host read a word to the contestant, explained its meaning and gave sample sentences. The contestant was required to write down the word.
Winning the contest was a "surprise" to Lu. "I was not the smartest one," she said. "But I paid attention to details." To prepare for the contest, she and her teammates studied the Modern Chinese Dictionary for 10 days. There are more than 56,000 entries   including characters, words and phrases in it. She also had a secret weapon. She studied how Chinese characters were formed.
"When others paid attention to the plot of a story, she looked at how authors use words and sentences to express themselves," said Su Yunsheng, Lu's Chinese teacher. Su is happy to see students like Lu find the beauty of Chinese language.
"Besides using something Chinese and having Chinese traditional festivals, learning to write Chinese characters is also an important part of inheriting   Chinese culture," said Su.
The question is: From the passage we can infer   _   isn't an important part of inheriting Chinese culture.
The possible answers are:
A:trying to write Chinese characters
B:using chopsticks when having meals
C:giving and receiving presents at Christmas
D:spending the Spring Festival with familiesIt is believed in some ways that the daughter is father's lover. But my experience has taught me in a different way. For a long time, my father has been a very vague figure to me. He was a man of few words, tall but slim and nothing else.
When I was in primary school, my father was never there to pick me up, and he never came to any of my parent-teacher meetings. He was always busy doing projects. I remember when I was in middle school and my head was badly hurt in a PE class. During my operation, my father was nowhere to be found. This hurt me most. At that moment, I considered my father as a cold-blooded man who did not care about me at all.
But things seemed different at my high school graduation ceremony, where I was chosen to represent my class and give a speech. My father, once again, told me he had a business trip in a place outside the city and would be unable to show up . "Don't come. I will be very nervous if I see you," I told him.
I remember my speech went smoothly. After the ceremony was over and I was about to leave. I suddenly noticed a familiar looking man sitting in a corner of the hall. It was my father! I was so surprised that I rushed to him with tears running down my face. "Well done," he said. His eyes were also filled with tears.
Later, I found out that my father had managed to finish his work by staying up late, and he drove for eight hours to get back. He had been sitting in the corner because he didn't want me to see him. My father remembered every word in my speech.
For much of my life, I described my father was a cold-blooded man who only cared about his work. But when I thought deeply about _ , it was obviously not true. At my graduation ceremony. I could feel my father's deep love. The fact is that seeing is not believing, and seeing may not be the fact if we don't perceive the world with our hearts and minds. There's no doubt that life doesn't lack love, but sometimes our eyes have trouble seeing it.
The question is: What's the best title of the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:My busy father
B:Life is full of love
C:Seeing is not believing
D:A wonderful speechSeveral days ago, I was walking home from school and saw some writing on the fence of a house I was passing by. It said, "Happiness is a direction, not a destination  ." I had been having a bad day and just reading this brightened my day a little. I also took out a pen and wrote one of my favorite quotes   down. ww.szzx100.com
When I came back to the fence, I saw another quote under mine in the handwriting as the first one. I added another, and we kept at this pattern for quite a while. One day, I was writing another quote on the fence and the old man, one of my neighbors, who owned the fence, saw me. He came out and I was afraid he would be mad at me for writing on his fence; he was not known to be very friendly. He gave me a sharp glance and then read the quotes on the fence. Without saying a word, he said something to himself and then went back inside. I was a bit terrified for a while, afraid to go back to the fence, but when I did, I noticed not more quotes but two words in entirely different handwriting had been added, "Thank you."
Later, I saw the old man in his front yard. He beckoned   me over and told me how my quotes had been inspiring him, how he thanked me and how he was glad to see young people still have "values". We are now good friend and I talk to him a lot. This experience has changed my life. I still don't know who wrote that very first quote, but if he is out there, I'd like to say "thanks" to that unknown friend.
The question is: Why did the writer begin to write a quote on the fence?
The possible answers are:
A:He wanted to practice his handwriting.
B:He had gotten some help from the quote.
C:He thought doing this was interesting.
D:He wanted to catch his neighbor's attention.The United States is one of the greatest fruit-growing countries in the world. Fine red apples come from Washington and New York. Golden oranges come from Southern California and Florida. Fruit grows in all parts of America. The kind of fruit that is grown depends on the weather in each place.
Orange trees cannot be grown where temperatures drop below freezing. Southern California and Florida are far from each other, but their weather is much the same. They do not often have freezing temperatures.
In Washington, apple trees are planted near the Atlantic Ocean. In New York, they grow near the Great Lakes. Apple trees are often planted near water. Water temperature changes more slowly than land temperature. Near water, temperature does not drop so fast. There is less chance of frost in late spring or early autumn. Frost can kill apples.
America has many kinds of weather. It has many kinds of soil. Because of this, they grow and eat more fruit than any other country in the world.
The question is: From the passage, we know that   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:most fruits grow anywhere in the United States
B:freezing temperature are good for fruit
C:the same fruit can be grown in different places
D:fruits can only be grown near waterJohn is my best friend. We live in the same building. We study in the same school but not in the same class. We often play football together after school. We have been good friends for two years.
John is tall and strong with black hair. He has a round face, a small nose and big, brown eyes. I like his eyes because they are always bright and smiling.
John is always friendly and helpful. When I feel bored or unhappy, he tells me funny jokes and makes me laugh. He'll give me help when I need.
John is very smart. He reads a lot of books. He is good at singing and acts very well. He would like to make people happy with his songs and performance when he grows up. I believe that he can become as popular as Jackie Chan and travel around the world in the future.
The question is: When did they became good friends?
The possible answers are:
A:Long ago.
B:Two years ago.
C:In 2006.
D:In 2007.Millions years ago much of our earth was covered with blocks   of ice. These ice blocks were as tall as high buildings in modern cities. Most of the ice was in the northern  part of the world.
Then the ice blocks started to move south. Cold and rain came with the ice. Animals and people had to move.
At last, the ice began to melt  . After half a million years, most of it had melted. More than half of the earth became covered with water. The _ became much warmer. Things began to grow. The earth began to look the way it looks today.
The question is: What did animals and people try to do when the ice blocks moved south?
The possible answers are:
A:they tried to stop them moving.
B:They tried to melt them.
C:They tried to stay ahead of them.
D:They tried to move behind them.Jane was an old woman. She was rich and lived in a big house. One morning, Jane opened the window and looked at her garden. The sun was shining brightly. "What a good day!" she said. Suddenly she saw a man eating grass in front of the garden of her house. She walked to the man and asked, "Why are you eating grass? Are you very hungry?" The man answered, "I have no money to buy any food. I haven't had meals for days. I'm dying of hunger." "Poor boy," said Jane, "come to the back door." Then she walked into the house again. "The rich lady will give me some food to eat. It's so kind of her." The man thought. But when he went into the house, Jane opened the back door and said to him, "The grass is taller behind the house."
The question is: Which statement is TRUE?
The possible answers are:
A:Jane was very kind, and she gave the food to the man.
B:The man was rich. He hasn't had meals for days.
C:The man didn't get any food from Jane.
D:The man eat some food in Jane's houseOne day, a raven happened to fly past a lake. Looking at the lake, he saw the most beautiful animal he had ever seen. It was a swan and its feathers were as white as snow. The swan was playing with other birds happily, talking and dancing. And it seemed that the other birds all liked to stay with _ When he looked at his own feathers, they were as black as coal. The raven was very angry with the swan. "How can the swan have such wonderful feathers?" said the raven. What should he do with his feathers? He thought it over and over.
Then, the raven decided that he also wanted to have white feathers like the swan's. From that day on, the raven began to live like the swan. He moved his home from the woods to the lake. He also started to eat water plants like the swan. He tried his best to talk and dance with the other birds. The most important was that each day, the raven would wash his feathers, hoping that they would turn white. Even he went to the nearby rivers and ponds to wash his feathers because he thought the water in the lakes was not enough for him to wash them. But no matter how hard he washed his feathers, they remained black.
As he ate only water plants, he soon grew thinner and thinner. Not many days later, the raven died.
The question is: Why was the raven angry with the swan?
The possible answers are:
A:His own feathers were as white as snow.
B:The swan did not have black feathers like him
C:The swan had beautiful white feathers
D:The swan lived in the lake with other birdsGood afternoon and welcome to England. We hope that your visit here will be pleasant. Today, I would like to draw your attention to a few of our laws.
The first one is about drinking. Now you may not buy alcohol  in this country if you are under 18 years old, nor may your friends buy it for you.
Secondly, noise. Enjoy yourselves by all means, but please don't make unnecessary noise, especially at night. We ask you to respect other people who may wish to be quiet.
Thirdly, crossing the road. Be careful. The traffic moves on the left side of the road in this country. Use the crossing for walking and don't take any chances when crossing the road.
My next point is about rubbish. It is an offence  to drop litter in the street. When you have something to throw away, please put it in your pocket and take it home, or put it into a rubbish bin.
Finally, smoking. It is against the law to buy cigarettes or tobacco  if you are under 16 years old.
I'd like to finish by saying that if you need any kind of help, you can turn to the police. The police will be pleased to help you. You can call, or directly go to ask any policeman.
The question is: From the speech, we can learn that in England, .
The possible answers are:
A:you can throw rubbish in the street
B:the traffic moves on the right side of the road
C:if you are under 18 years old, your friends can buy wine for you
D:you may not buy cigarettes or tobacco unless you are above 16 years oldReader's Digest is a monthly magazine. Before the 1980s, it belonged to a privately held company, which was started in 1922 by Lila Bell Wallace and Dewitt Wallace. This magazine is small and easy to carry, just half the size of most American magazines, which caused a phrase in 2005, "America in your pocket." It is the best selling magazine in the USA. At present, its circulation in the USA has reached 10 million copies and the number of the readers there is 38 million. It also has 40 million overseas readers in more than another 70 countries.
This magazines focus  is not news but more of cultural views because the editors think people now can get timely news from somewhere else. They hope this magazine can give readers something that is about special personal experiences, something the readers can share with their families. In different countries, this magazine provides a window to the world for the local  readers. Some parts of the magazine are about the local customs and interests of the local readers. The other parts give the local readers information from all over the world.
The question is: How often does Reader's Digest come out in the USA?
The possible answers are:
A:Once a year.
B:Once a month.
C:Once a week.
D:Once a day.We often ask for information or help, especially  when we visit a foreign country. So knowing how to ask for information politely is important. In English, "Where are the restrooms?" and "Could you please tell me where the restrooms are?" are correct English, but the first could sound rude . It's important to use correct language, but sometimes we need to learn how to be polite .
In English, just like in Chinese, we change the way we speak when talking with different people. If you say to your teacher, "Where is my book?" This will sound rude. But if you say, "Excuse me, Mr West. Do you know where my book is?" Your question will sound much more polite. Of course it might be all right to say "Where is my book?" in some situations, perhaps with people you know well.
"Peter, lend me your pen." can sound rude in English. Usually in English, polite questions are longer such as "Could you please...?" or "Can I ask...?" It sounds more polite to say, "Peter, could you please lend me your pen?" Sometimes we might even need to spend some time when you stop a stranger in the street. We might first say, "Excuse me. I wonder if you can help me" or "I'm sorry to trouble you but," before asking them for help.
It might seem that speaking politely is more difficult than being direct . However, in order not to offend  people, learning about language etiquette  is just as important as learning grammar or vocabulary. And doing this will also help you become better at English, or any other language you wish to speak.
The question is: Why do we need to learn polite language? Because   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:they can improve our grammar and vocabulary
B:they can help us become better at English
C:everyone wants to be polite
D:the teachers tell us to do soChloe Lang is a fifteen-year-old American girl. She loves cooking a lot. When she was a little girl, she helped her grandma make meals at home.
A year ago, Chloe wrote a letter to Rachel Ray, a famous host of a TV cookery  show. She asked for a ticket to be one of the audience, but she got nothing. One day in June, Chloe got a phone call from Rachel Ray luckily. One of his programmes is called Cafe One Night and it needed five teen cooks to help in a restaurant for a night.
In mid-July Chloe went to meet Rachel Ray and the other teen cooks. "During our stay with Rachel Ray, we were happy and excited. We were working so hard when they made the records." Chloe says. "We made some wonderful food that night."
Guess who came to eat! When Chloe and her friends saw their guests, they all held their breath, and then they screamed and clapped! In addition to some famous singer stars, the former US President Bill Clinton was also there!
,.
The question is: How old is Chloe Lang?
The possible answers are:
A:Five.
B:Ten.
C:Twelve.
D:Fifteen.One midnight, a little girl woke up to get water. She got up and down her bed by herself, walked to the bedroom door and opened it. She looked outside and walked back, for it was so dark in the living room that she feared. Her mother told her not to be afraid and take courage.
" What is courage? Do you have courage?" She asked, running to her mother's bed. " Courage is the brave breath . I have it." Her mother answered. The girl held out her little hands and asked her mother to give her. After her mother blew out two mouthfuls of breath into her little cold hands, the little girl clenched her fists nervousely, afraid that the "breath of courage" would run away. Then with her fists clenched, she walked out of the bedroom towards the bathroom with nothing to fear.
Her mother said to herself, " It'll be nice if someone can blow some kind of breath to me. Then I can hold it in my hands too when I feel terrified or lost.
In fact, mostly, what we are terrified of is nothing but the fear in our mind. Who we should deal with is nobody but ourselves.
The question is: The girl walked back because  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:the bedroom door was locked.
B:She wasn't thirsty anymore
C:her mother wouldn't go with her
D:She was too afraid of the darkCan you make animals work for us? Some scientists think that one day we can teach animals to do a lot of things for people. In a film shown on TV, you may see elephants, monkeys, tigers or some other animals are always given a little food to eat after they have done something. Scientists say that people can teach many different animals to do some of the easy work if they know they will get something to eat. We all know elephants can carry large logs ,and dogs can look after houses. And we even teach animals to work in factories. In America, for example, people have used
to help make cars and scientists think that those large monkeys may drive trains one day. Now people are trying to get them to do the same thing that man does.
The question is: Scientists are planning to make big monkeys to   _   .
The possible answers are:
A:make trains
B:carry logs
C:drive trains
D:work at schoolIn order to safeguard the education of all Hope Chinese Scholl(HCS)students and the normal running of the school, the following rules should be followed:
 Be quiet in classroom and hallways. Do not run or shout in classrooms or hallways.
 Do not drink or eat in classrooms or hallways.
 Stay in the school during school time as well as rest time. Do not leave the school or play out of the school area during school time. This includes rest time.
 Do not _ on any desks or walls.
 Be respectful to teachers and parents.
 Help teachers and other students to keep the classroom clean. Do not move desks, chairs, and other furniture in the classroom without the teacher's instructions.
The question is: Which of the following is NOT mentioned in the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:Looking after school furniture.
B:Keeping the classrooms clean.
C:Respecting teachers.
D:Doing homework.There is good news for old people with Alzheimer's disease  . As we know, people who have Alzheimer's disease may get lost easily. Sometimes they can't find the way to their home. All the family members must be worried about their safety. Now, some has invented GPS-enabled walking shoes. The shoes are very special and useful. They can help people find old people easily, wherever they go.
These walking shoes are especially important for people who are in the earliest stages of Alzheimer's disease. According to the research, such old people have the highest danger. Let's see some terrible facts. About 60c/o of patients with Alzheimer's disease get lost for days when they go for a walk. Up to half of those who  are lost and not found within 24 hours can die outside. If old people wear such shoes , you needn't worry about that. These shoes can help their families to find _ easily if they are lost. So you see, the shoes can ensure old people's safety.
These walking shoes are equipped with a GPS device   in the heel. The shoes are very comfortable and they look like the shoes that many old people wear.
The GPS-enabled walking shoes have a great advantage. Of course, the shoes are suitable for children .Parents can ask them to wear such shoes. Then they can find their children easily. But some children have different ideas. Sometimes, they don't want their parents to know where they are. What will they do? Well... some children say that they will take them off and put them at home.
The question is: Who are the GPS-enabled walking shoes suitable for?
The possible answers are:
A:Old people with Alzheimer's disease
B:Students in primary school.
C:Old people who are strong and healthy.
D:Anyone around the worldPingyao is one of China's three protected ancient cities (the other two are Xi'an and Jingzhou). Lying in the middle of Shanxi Province, 90 kilometers south of Taiyuan, Pingyao ancient city used to be about two hours' drive from the capital of Shanxi Province, but now the distance is only one hour and ten minutes' drive after the highway was built. With a history of over 2,700 years, the ancient city stands out as one of the best protected of all the walled cities in China.
On December 3rd, 1997, UNESCO   added Pingyao to the World Heritage   List as a world's culture heritage. According to the UNESCO World Heritage Commission ,the Pingyao ancient city is a wonderful example of the Chinese Han cities during the Ming and Qing dynasties. All the features of the Pingyao ancient city have been protected, and it shows an outstanding Chinese historical development including its culture, society, economy and religion .
,A, B, C, D,. (10)
The question is: Pingyao is a wonderful example of the Chinese Han cities during the   _   and   _   dynasties.
The possible answers are:
A:Yuan; Qing
B:Ming; Qing
C:Song; Yuan
D:Song; MingTraveling is one of the most important things and people have been interested in it for many years. Modern traffic develops  fast. So traveling to different places has become much easier than before.
Staying healthy while traveling can make your trip happier. But do you know how to keep healthy during a trip? The following information may be useful for you.
Before traveling:
Wear comfortable shoes, a hat and sunglasses.
Take some necessary medicine with you. They can be used when you get sick or have other problems.
If you do lots of sports like walking or climbing during your trip, you should do some exercise for weeks or months before you leave.
While traveling:
Be sure not to eat dirty food or bad fruit.
Have enough time to take a rest during your trip.
Tap water is not safe, so drink bottled water and always clean the cover of the bottle.
The question is: Traveling has become much easier because of the   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:modern technology
B:modern traffic development
C:travel agencies
D:development of people's livesMy name is Zhang Lin. Today is my birthday. I am nine years old. Mom and Dad get a big cake for me. I like it very much. It is on the table now. There are some other things on the table, too. Such as apples, oranges, juice, chicken and some fish. I'm thirsty  now. I want a bottle of orange juice. My friends Li Fan and Bing Jie are coming.
They are knocking  at the door. I have no time to drink. I must open the door now.
The question is: Lin Fan and Bing Jie are Zhang Lin's   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:sisters
B:cousins
C:classmates
D:friendsWhen I was five years old. I took a boat out on the river and went fishing by myself. I really wanted to catch a fish! But they were not biting.
I stayed in my boat for three days, waiting. A few times, I thought I felt a fish at the end of the line. The first time I pulled in my catch, it was not a fish; it was an old bag. The second time, it was a shoe. Finally, at the end of the third day, I felt a strong pull at the end of the line. The pull was so strong they my boat raced around and around. I needed all my power just to hold onto the fishing rod. I pulled, and I pulled and I caught the biggest fish that ever swam on the Earth! It was heavier than everyone in this room put together! Then something terrible happened!
After I pulled the huge fish into my boat, I saw that the boat was going under water! Water was coming into the boat from all sides! I was not a very good swimmer, so I was scared.
Although it was the hardest choice I ever made. I had to let the fish go. I pushed it back over the side of the boat, and we waved good-bye to each other as it swam away.
The question is: How long did the writer spend in his boat?
The possible answers are:
A:Two days.
B:Two hours
C:Three days
D:Three hoursPeople communicate in many different ways. The most common way is by talking with others. Except for talking, we can also use body languages. When we use body languages, we need to use body to show what we mean. Sign language is a kind of body language. Let's see more about it.
Sign language is popular among _ people who are unable to speak or don't want to speak. If you want to communicate with a foreigner ,but you can't speak his language and he can't speak Chinese, what can you do ? Maybe you can communicate by making signs. Now let's learn some signs Indians often use.
When they are hungry, they move their right hands back and forth in front of their stomachs.
When they mean " Let's eat", they put their right hands and move them up and down in front of their mouths.
When they have had enough, they part their thumbs and first fingers, and move their hands from their chests to chins.
If they have a stomach ache, they put both hands on their stomachs, and move them back and forth.
The question is: What's the best title for the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:Getting to Know Sign Language
B:The Most Common Way to Communicate
C:The Importance of Using Hands
D:Indians And Their HandsAfter two weeks, Ling Qinghao finally sent a message to his wife in their hometown in Anhui, and told her her he was safe.
Ling, 44, was a Chinese construction worker who went to Libya. The recent problems in Libya have left the country in disorder. Several Chinese were injured last month.
Ling was one of the thousands of Chinese evacuees   from Libya. The evacuee's first stop was Greece. They are staying there in a five-star hotel that the Chinese government paid for. According to the Foreign Ministry, by March 2, China has evacuated   a total of 35,860 Chinese from Libya. Among them, 20745 have already returned to China.
To evacuate means to quickly move people away from a disaster or disorder. An evacuation tests how a nation would deal with an emergency  . From getting flight tickets to dealing with customs services , many parts of the government and companies have to work together.
To protect the safety of overseas Chinese, China took action quickly. Since February 24, the nation has sent out airplanes and ships to evacuate its people from Libya.They even sent a navy ship to help. This is the first time that China has sent the army in an evacuation.
"We have done a great job in no more than 10 days. This shows China's ability to protect its people overseas in emergencies," Vice Foreign Minister Song Tao said.
The question is: According to the Foreign Ministry,  _  Chinese have returned to Chinaby March 2 ?
The possible answers are:
A:35860.
B:20745 .
C:56605.
D:15115.Boys and girls, let's begin our English class now. This time I want to talk about my family. Then I want you to say something about your families.
There are seven people in my family. They are my parents, my two sisters, my brother, his wife  and I. In England, a family like this is a big one. My father has a factory . It isn't very big. It makes all kinds of boats. My brother is a doctor. He works in a hospital . His wife works in a hospital, too. She is a nurse. My two sisters are students. One wants to be a teacher. She studies hard and well. The other likes singing very much and can sing very well. So she wants to be a singer . I'm now in China teaching English and learning Chinese. My mother stays at home. Can you guess  what she does at home? Yes, she does housework. She is a housewife.
The question is: My brother and his wife work   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:as teachers
B:as nurses
C:as doctors
D:in a hospitalAmerican and British people use different greetings. In the USA the commonest greeting is "Hi". In Britain it is "Hello!" or "How are you?" "Hi!" is creeping into British, too. When they are introduced to someone, the Americans say, "Glad to know you. " The British say, "How do you do?" or "Pleased to meet you. " When Americans say "Good-bye", they nearly always add, "Have a good day. " or "Have a good trip. " etc. to friends and strangers alike. Britons are already beginning to use "Have a good day. "
The British usually use "got" in the sense of "have". The Americans hardly ever do. AmE: Do you have a car, room, etc. ? Yes, I do. BrE: Have you got a car, room, etc. ? Yes, I have.
There are a number of differences between American and British English in the spelling of words, e. g. check(US)/cheque(UK). Many American words ending in "or", e. g. honor, labor are spelt in British English with an "our," e. g. honour, labour. Many verbs in American English with "ize" or "izing" forms, e. g. organize, realizing are spelt in BrE with "ise" or "ising", e. g. organise, realising. In American English, "practice" is used both for the verb and noun. In BrE, the verb is spelt "practise", and the noun "practice. " In AmE, one writes "traveler," while in BrE, one writes "traveller".
It was once _ that British and American English would become separate  languages finally. But the opposite has happened. The links between the two countries are so strong that linguistically ,and probably culturally too, they are closer together than ever before.
AmE---- American English   BrE----British English
The question is: Which of the following is TRUE?
The possible answers are:
A:The two languages will become separate languages.
B:American English will be used more and more.
C:The two languages will be closer and closer.
D:British English will be used more and more.Long long ago there was a poor man. He had an orange tree in his garden. On the tree there were many oranges . One day he found one of his oranges was much bigger than the others . It was as big as a football . Nobody had seen such a big orange . The poor man took the orange to the King. The King was so happy that he gave the man a lot of money for it .
When a rich man heard of   it . He said to himself, "It's only an orange. Why did the King give so much money for it ? I'll take my gold cup to the King. He'll give me more money ."
The next day when the King received the gold cup. He said to the rich man "What a beautiful cup !  I'll show you something wonderful ! Please take this great orange."
The question is: The poor man had an orange tree   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:beside his garden
B:outside his garden
C:in his garden
D:near his gardenDonald was not very good at math. He couldn't understand the teacher's explanations. Even when the teacher explained something a second time, Donald Still couldn't understand it.
"Never mind." Donald told himse1f, "I'm quite good at other subjects. I'll cheat in the math exam to get a good grade, then I won't be in trouble. "
"I'll sit next to the boy who does best in math," he thought, "and copy down this answers."
The day of the exam came, and Donald sat next to Tommy, who was always at the top of the class in math. Donald carefully copied Tommy's answers onto his own exam paper. At the end the exam, the teacher collected the papers and graded them in time.
Then she said, "well, boys and girls, I've decided to give a prize to the student who got the highest grade. It's difficult for me to decide who I'll give the prize to one of them."
The students were surprised when they heard this. They said, "That's not fair. They got the same grade."
"That's true." the teacher said, "However, Tommy's answer to Question 18 was 'I don't know' while Dona1d's was 'Neither do I ' ."
The question is: The students were surprised because  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:they thought the teacher unfair
B:Donald did as well as Tommy
C:the teacher would give them a prize
D:Donald did better than TommyA man was travelling abroad in a small red car. One day he left the car and went shopping. When he came back, its roof was badly damaged.
Some boys told him that an elephant had damaged  it. The man did not believe them, but they took him to a circus which was near there. The owner of the elephant said, "I am very sorry! My elephant has a big, round, red chair. He thought that your car was his chair, and he sat on it!"
Then he gave the man a letter, in which he said that he was sorry and that he would pay for all the damage.
When the man got back to his own country, the customs officers wouldn't believe his story. They said, "You sold your new car while you were abroad and bought this old one!" After the man showed them the letter from the circus man , then they believed him.
The question is: The car was damaged because  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:there was a traffic accident
B:the circus man broke it
C:it rushed into a shop
D:the elephant sat on itFrank Smithson woke up and leaned over to turn off the alarm clock. "Oh,no!"he thought to himself."Another day at that office;a boss who shouts at me all the time."
As Frank went downstairs his eyes fell on a large brown envelope by the door. He was overjoyed when he opened it and read the letter inside. "Bigwoods Football Pools would like to congratulate you. You have won half a million pounds."
Frank suddenly came to life. The cigarette fell from his lips as he let out a shout that could be heard halfway down the street.
At 11:30 Frank arrived at work."Please explain why you're so late,"his boss said." _ ," replied Frank. "I've just come into a little money so this is goodbye.Find yourself someone else to shout at."
That evening Frank was smoking a very expensive Havana cigar when a knock was heard on the door. He rushed to the door. Outside were two men,neatly dressed in grey suits. "Mr Smithson," one of them said,"We're from Bigwoods Football Pools. I'm afraid there's been a terrible mistake......"
The question is: What do we know about Frank?   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:He was a lazy man.
B:He was a lucky person.
C:He made a lot of money.
D:He didn't get on well with his boss.The Petit Appetit Cookbook
List Price: $35.00   Price: $23.10   You save: $11.90(34% off)
Product Description: Fresh, healthy meals that give little mouths something to smile about...In the Petit Appetit Cookbook, mother and professional cook Lisa Barnes offers healthy foods to help create delicious menus and bagin a lifetime of proper eating habits for babies and very young children.
Everyday Raw Express (Paperback)
List Price: $19.99   Price: $13.57   You Save: $6.42(32% off)
Product Description: Many people love eating raw food, but often the recipes take hours or even a period of several days to prepare. Everyday Raw Express offers delicious soups and smoothies, pastas and desserts, all prepared in 30 minutes or less.
If You Give a Dog a Donut (Hardcover)
Reading Level: Ages 4--8   List Price: $16.99   Price: $10.10   You Save: $6.80(40% off)
Product Description: If you give a dog a donut, he'll ask for some apple juice to go with it. When you give him the juice, he'll drink it all up. Then, before you can say "Woof!" ...Dog is off on a backyard adventure!
Good Night Sun Hello Moon (Board Book)
Reading Level: Ages 4--8   List Price: $10.99   Price: $9.34   You Save: $1.65
Book Description: Bedtime is a special time and this beautiful book will be a special part of saying goodnight. As kids turn the page, a little bit of the sun goes away and a little piece of the moon appears. The sweet story about a little bunny who doesn't want to go to bed will help send little ones off to sleep night after night.
Where the Wild Things Are (Hardcover)
Reading Level: Ages 4--above   List Price: $16.95   Price: $11.53   You Save: $5.42
Book Description: Max, a boy who feels misunderstood at home, as he sets out in a small boat, finding new worlds across the sea. He lands on the amazing island of the wild things, a place where being a beast isn't a bad thing. The wild things make Max their king, but he sails back to his own room where he finds his mother and his supper waiting for him.
The question is: Which of the following is fit for 5-year-old Rose who is interested in pet stories?
The possible answers are:
A:The Petit Appetit Cookbook
B:Everyday Raw Express
C:If You Give a Dog a Donut
D:Where the Wild Things AreHenry was an office worker in a big city. He worked very hard and enjoyed traveling in his  holidays. He usually went to the seaside, but one year he saw an advertisement in a newspaper.
"Enjoy country life. Spend a few weeks at west hill farm. good food., fresh air, horse riding,Walking,fishing, cheap and interesting."
"This sounds a good idea," He thought. "I'll spend a month at west hill farm. I think I can enjoy horse riding, walking and fishing. They'll make a change from sitting by the seaside and swimming." He wrote to the farmer. In the letter he said that he would like to spend all of July there. Then on the first of July, he left for west hill farm.But four days later, he returned home.
"What was wrong with west hill farm?" His best friend, Ed, asked him. "Didn't you enjoy country life?"
"Country life was very good," Henry said. "But there was another problem."
"Oh. what?"
"Well," he said, "The first day I was there a sheep died, and we had roast mutton for dinner."
"What's wrong with that?" Ed asked. "Fresh meat is the best."
"I know, but on the second day a cow died, and we had roast beef for dinner."
"Lucky you!"
"You don't understand," Henry said. "On the third day a pig died and we had roast pork for dinner."
"A different meat every day," Ed said loudly, " And you are
ing!"
"Let me finish," Henry said. "On the fourth day the farmer died, and i didn't dare    stay for dinner!"
The question is: Which is the best title for the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:What a beautiful farm!
B:Have a good time.
C:A short holiday
D:Henry and the farmer.If you are sitting at a table with people you don't know, it is impolite to smoke without first asking if it will disturb them. At American restaurants and coffee shops, cold water is usually served before you order. You may find the bread and the butter are free, and if you order coffee, you may get a free refill.
Most cities and towns have no rules about opening and closing time for stores and restaurants, though they usually do make rules for bars. Especially in big cities, stores may be open 24 hours a day. Serving in restaurants are often large. If you can't finish the meal but would like to enjoy the food later, ask the waiter or the waitress for a "doggie bag" . It may have a picture of a dog on it, but everybody knows you are taking the food for yourself. Tips are not usually added to check. You should leave a tip of about 15% on the table when you leave. In some restaurants, a waiter or waitress often brings your check on a plate, and you can put your money there. Then the waiter or the waitress brings you your changes.
The question is: Which of the following is TRUE according to the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:It's bad manners to smoke if the people who sit at the same table mind it.
B:At American restaurants and coffee shops, bread, butter and coffee are all free.
C:American people never sit with people they don't know.
D:Few cities and towns make rules for bars in America.Dear Bill,
I'm glad to receive your letter,thank you for your caring for the weather and my health.But I am sorry to tell you that I have to stay at home because of the heavy fog and haze .
Since the winter last year,the fog and haze has appeared a lot of times.it has done great harm to our daily life.Many traffic accidents happened just because of the heavy fog and haze weather,more and more people have to go to see the doctor because the serious disease caused by the fog and haze ,quite a lot of flights have to be put off,a great number of people have to stay at home for fear of the poisonous air caused by the fog and haze.
According to the Chinese Academy of Science,driving car and burning coal are two main reasons.People have been told : Don't do outdoor sports;If you have to go out,wear a _ ; wash your face and clean your nose as soon as you get home.
People have realized the great harm caused by the fog and haze and the importance of protecting the environment.People all over the country are taking measures to reduce the fog and haze weather.The government suggests people go to work or school with the public traffic, such as the bus and the underground.Also we should plant more trees.
According to me, I will go to school by bike or on foot, and I won't throw the waste anywhere.In addition, I will tell the people I meet to protect the environment as possible as they can.Would you like to tell me some good ideas?I'm looking forward to your reply.
Yours,
Li Hua
The question is: Which is not mentioned about the harm of fog and haze?
The possible answers are:
A:Many people have to stay indoor
B:Many planes can't take off
C:There are more traffic accidents
D:Many people have been deadA horse doesn't think she is beautiful. She goes to see the God, "My God! Thanks for giving me a beautiful body, but I want to be more beautiful."
The God says, "What do you want to be like?"
The horse says, "If you can make my neck a little longer, my upper body will be more beautiful. And if you can make my legs much thinner, then my lower body will look more beautiful."
Then the God makes her become a camel  . "Oh, God, I want to become more beautiful. But now ... " says the horse.
The God says, "This is what you ask for."
The horse cries, "Oh no, I don't want to be a camel!"
The God says, "Never try to get more. If you want more and more, you will have no idea what the result   will be."
The question is: The horse wants to have  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:a short body with long legs
B:a strong body
C:a long neck and thin legs
D:strong logs and a short neckHave you ever thought about seeing the world for free? Although it may sound impossible, there's a growing community that is making that dream one step closer.
The community is called Couchsurfing. The idea is that people open their homes up to travelers for free, and in exchange both people will learn from each other.
Instead of paying a lot of money staying in hotels, living with locals is both cheap and authentic . Maybe you'll find a hidden attraction in the city. It may be a good place where people like to visit. This is also your chance to ask what life in their country is really like.
It also works as a culture exchange. For example,if you play the guitar and your host is a great cook, teach him or her how to play to say thank you for the dinner. This type of exchange is popular.
But what are some manners of being a good Couchsurfer? First, be careful about cultural taboos . For example, if you eat with Indians, never use your left hand. In Indian culture, left hands are used for the toilet. Also, when you are going to leave, it's a good idea to prepare a small gift. This shows your _ to the home owner.
Now, are you ready to travel like a local? Where will you surf first?
The question is: According to the passage, what's the Couchsurfing?
The possible answers are:
A:A travel way to offer the travelers their homes for free.
B:Offer food to the travelers for free.
C:Show some places of interest for free.
D:Take the travelers to some places in the city for free.Welcome you to a friendly family run pub
THE BOOT
FREE HOUSE
18 Brinkley Rd Dullingham, Near Newmarket  Tel: 01638 507327
Beer Festival 29 April - 2 May
ALWAYS AVAILABLE
Adanms Best Bitter, Broadside & Guest Beers
Traditional Pub Food served  Mon - Fri  12noon--2pm
Opening Times:
Monday to Friday  11am--2:30pm & 5pm - 11pm
Saturday: 11am--11pm     Sunday: 12 noon -2:30pm & 7pm - 10:30pm
The question is: Traditional Pub Food is served every day except   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:Monday & Friday
B:Saturday & Sunday
C:Monday & Saturday
D:Friday & SundayOne day a mother camel and her son walked through a desert. They were looking for water and grass.
The son asked, "What do water and grass look like, Mum?"His mother answered, "Water looks like the sky, blue and clear.While grass is green, fresh and nice."
After they walked for a day and a night, the son suddenly cried, "Look!Mum,there is water and grass over there!"
"What a foolish talk,my boy!"
The water and grass were on the left,while the desert was on the right.But because the mother camel was blind(   )in her left eye,she could only see a sea of yellow sand with her right eye.So she didn't believe what the young camel said.
The next day they went on walking ,the young camel found a second _ ,but his mother still did not believe him. She said angrily, "No,that's not an oasis,but a desert. I have more knowledge and experience than you. You are wrong again. You should listen to me."
This time the young camel was angry with his mother,too. So when he saw an oasis for the third time, he left his mother without telling her.He ran to the grass and ate his fill. But his poor mother was still walking on and she was still hungry and thirsty.
The question is: What can you learn from the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:We should believe the mother camel.
B:We should always believe the one with more experience
C:We should believe others when they are right
D:We don't need to be polite to our mothers.In London, everyone is busy in the early morning. Some are running to the stations, buses and cars. Some are stopping only to drink a cup of coffee. They usually have no time for breakfast. At about eight thirty, one after another, the shops open for business .Taxis and buses are running in the streets. People work busily all day.
At six o'clock in the evening, people go home quickly from work. Most of the shops closed , but some  are still open. Many people work at night in a big city. In newspaper offices, reporters work hard. Doctors and nurses work in the hospital. Taxis and buses take people around the city all night. Some people are going to the movies. Some people are going to watch  the plays. You can hear people talking, laughing and singing. You can listen to music, too. Every night, there are many people on the sidewalks . Some stop to look at shop windows, but they never buy clothes. Others are waiting for buses and taxis.
Day and night you can find people working and playing in London. A big city never sleeps.
The question is: In the morning, some people in London are really busy, they don't   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:have a drink
B:have breakfast
C:drive cars
D:wait for busesMy name is Maria. I'm 13. I live in New York City. I often go to school by bike. Riding a bike is good exercise for me. I like watching NBA matches on TV very much. I watch them every week. It's real fun for me. I like pop music a lot, too. My favorite singing star is Michael Jackson. At school, music is my favorite subject. I have a good voice and I play the violin well. I have a dream of being a singer like Madonna.
I'm Linda. I'm 12. I live in Los Angeles. I like playing football and basketball. I play football or basketball every day with my friends after school. I like animals and I also like animal stamps. I have panda stamps from my pen pal. They are very good. On weekends I often go to the mountains to paint pictures. I have painted some very nice pictures. Painting is my life, so I want to be a painter when I grow up.
I'm Sophia. My home is in Washington D.C. I like reading and watching programs about travel and history. I often stay at home reading on weekends. At school, I like French very much and I'm good at it. I'd like to be a guide. I can go around the world and meet a lot of people. That would be great fun.
The question is: Linda wants to be   _   when she grows up.
The possible answers are:
A:a singer
B:a guide
C:a painter
D:a playerIf you go to England, you may want to visit Big Ben. Big Ben is not the name of a man but a name of the clock in London. It has a long history of about 150 years. It is at the north end of the Palace of Westminster . The big clock has four faces. So you can read the face of the chock everywhere.The hands of it are about four meters long.When the new year comes, it _ to welcome the start of the new year. There are also many fireworks over the clock tower.
The big clock makes a very loud sound "Ding dong.Ding dong"-the clock gives the sound every 15 minutes of an hour.
The question is: How long are the hands of Big Ben?
The possible answers are:
A:2 meters
B:4 meters
C:15 meters
D:16 metersCaptain James Cook was a great explorer. Before he started exploring, maps of the Pacific Ocean were almost empty. He visited hundreds of islands across the Pacific Ocean and put them in the correct places on the map. He made maps of the coastlines of Australia and New Zealand. James Cook was born in England in 1728. His parents were poor farm workers. When James was 18, he found a job on a coastal ship. He worked on the ship until he was 27 years old, and then he joined the navy. He fought in Canada in a war against France, and he mapped some of the eastern coasts of Canada. In 1768, King George made him Captain  of a ship and sent him to the Pacific. He was gone for nearly three years. When he returned, he was regarded as a national hero.
He started his third journey in 1776. On this trip he visited Hawaii. He was the first European to set foot on this beautiful island. Then he mapped the western coast of North America. After that he returned to Hawaii. Unluckily, there was some trouble between the Hawaiians and the white men and they started fighting. In the end, Captain was killed in a fight against the local.
The question is: Captain Cook was killed by   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:his sailors
B:the Hawaiians
C:the Canadians
D:the FrenchJack and James were good friends .One day,they were walking through the desert .During the journey they had a big fight,and Jack hit james in the face.James felt hurt,but he didn't say anything.Instead( ),he wrote in the sand:Today my best friend hit me in the face.
They kept on walking until they found an oasis .They decided to get some water there .Suddenly James had trouble in the water,he fell into the mire  and was in danger.Jack saved him at once.When he felt Ok,he wrote on a stone:Today my best friend saved my life. "After I hurt you ,you wrote in the sand, and now you wrote on the stone.Why?"asked Jack."When someone hurts us,we should write it down in the sand so that the wind of forgiveness   can blow it away.But when someone does anything good for us,we must write it down on the stone,so no wind can blow it away." Since then ,the two friends have never fought with each other again.
Hatred  can bring you nothing but unhappiness .If you don't forgive others,you are making trouble for yourself.Keep a peaceful heart all the time and remember to be always thankful to those who ahve helped you!
The question is: What can we learn from the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:We should hate someone forever .
B:The wind can blow everything away.
C:Learn to forgive others and remember to be thankful to others.
D:Forgiveness can make trouble for ourselves.Diving or Drowning
A rich young man decided that he would like to do some diving in the sea, so he bought a rubber suit and all the other things that he needed, and took some lessons at a diving school. Then one day he walked into the water by himself and began to explore the bottom of the sea.
He saw a lot of beautiful fish and other things, and then, after half an hour, he suddenly saw a man waving his arms and legs around wildly near the bottom of the sea. He was wearing only a bathing suit.
The rich young man was very surprised to see him, so he took out a plastic notebook and a special pencil, which could write under water, and wrote, "What are you doing here?"
He showed the notebook to the other man, who then took the pencil and wrote, "Drowning!"
The question is: What did the rich young man do?
The possible answers are:
A:He talked with him.
B:He pulled the man out of water.
C:He communicated with the man by writing.
D:He gave his suit to the man.Alexia Sloane is from Cambridge. She was told by the doctor she had a brain tumor   when she was on holiday "with her parents in France. After that the two-year-old girl became blind.
Though the little girl can't see anything, she has great talent for languages and at the age of 10 she is already fluent   in English, French, Spanish and Chinese-and is learning German.
Now her dream of working as an interpreter has come true. East of England MEP   Robert Sturdy invited her to the European Parliament  . "Usually a person who enters the European Parliament should be 14 at least. So it was amazing for Alexia to work there at the age of 10. " said Alexia's mother Isabelle. Alexia can speak three languages since birth. As her mum is hah" French and half Spanish and her dad Richard is English. " She has always been very good at languages and shown an interest from a very young age. " added Isabelle, who also has a four-year-old daughter Melissa.
Alexia has dreamed of becoming an interpreter since she was six and chose to go to the European Parliament as her prize when she won the Young Achiever Community Award of the Year  . She asked if she could learn from the interpreters and HEP Robert Sturdy agreed to take her along as his guest. " It was fantastic and I decided to become an interpreter, "said Alexia. "Nothing can stop me. "
The question is: What is right about Alexia Sloane?
The possible answers are:
A:She can speak five language fluently.
B:She is a talented language learner.
C:She is the only child in the family.
D:She went to France on holiday after she won the award.Will you trust your friends if you can't see anything? If you are falling, do you believe they will catch you and help you stand up? Our teacher helped us to get the answer.
One day, Mr. Morrie came into the classroom and said he had a game for us to try. He divided us into two groups. One student from the first group, stood in front of us with his eyes closed, and then fell backwards . The second group stood behind him. Before he fell on the floor, they should catch him and not let him get hurt. Most of us were uncomfortable with this. We were afraid that they wouldn't catch us and we would hit the floor. So we didn't move. We just stood there and laughed in embarrassment.
Finally, one student, a thin, quiet, dark-haired girl called Sarah, decided to move. She crossed her arms in front of her body, closed her eyes, and slowly fell backwards. She looked quiet but brave.
For a moment, I was sure that she was going to fall on the floor. But before she hit the floor, the other students caught her, held her and finally helped her stand up.
"Whoa!!" We were all surprised, and also encouraged . The girl was happy, too. Seeing this, Morrie smiled and said to the girl, "When you close your eyes, you can't see anything. You won't feel safe. When you are falling, the feeling gets stronger. You are not sure whether you will hit the cold, hard floor or the warm, soft hands of your friends. But if you are brave enough to trust them, they will not let you down ."
The question is: What happened to the girl in the end?
The possible answers are:
A:She fell on the ground.
B:She felt sad.
C:Only the writer helped her.
D:The other students caught her.This is a teacher's family. The father's name is Lake Smith. He's forty - four. The mother's name is Kate Green. She's forty - two. The Smiths have a son, Jim, and a daughter, Ann. Jim is fourteen, and Ann is twelve. The son looks like his father, and the daughter looks like her mother. They are all in No.4 Middle School. But the Smiths are teachers; the son and daughter are students.
The question is: How many people are there in the family?     ----  _   .
The possible answers are:
A:There are three
B:There are four
C:There are five
D:There are sixImagine the situation. You are driving along a desert or on a mountain. You have no idea where you are. You passed the last house two hours ago. Then your car breaks down. It is night and it is cold. You have no mobile phone. What do you do? Well, next time take a GPS with you. This invention may be able to help you. It is a device   which uses satellites to find the user's position. It can find your position in 20 meters. A GPS can't start your car, but at least you will know where you are.
GPS, which means Global Positioning System, is a small radio receiver. It looks like a mobile phone. You can hold it in your hand, or put it in your pocket. It is sometimes put into a watch or a telephone. We also find GPS devices in cars, planes, or boats. Some of these devices have electronic maps, so you know where you are. For example, in a city they can tell you the name of the street.
There are three parts to the Global Positioning System. The first part is the receiver. You can hold it in your hand, or have it fixed into your car, plane, etc. The second part is a group of satellites orbiting  the earth. The receiver contacts at least four of the satellites and calculates its position. The third part of the system is a network of ground stations. They are all over the world. They control the satellites and make sure they are working well.
Some people think that in the future the GPS will be as common as the mobile. They are becoming cheaper and more and more accurate . There are also many new uses for the GPS. Perhaps they will become like watches. Everyone will have one and you will never be lost again.
The question is: _  is not the part to the Global Positioning System.
The possible answers are:
A:ground stations
B:satellites
C:receivers
D:a mobileJohn works in a market. It's near a secondary school. Every day, students come to buy things there. In the morning , John gets up at six and then has breakfast. He goes to work by bike. He gets to the shop at about six thirty. The market opens at seven. They sell things like food and drinks. They have school things, too. So there are often many people in their market from morning to evening. John has supper there. At seven in the evening the market is closed.
The question is: They sell   _    in the market.
The possible answers are:
A:food and drinks
B:school things
C:sports things
D:A and BLook at the students in the photo. The boy in green shoes is Martin. He is from England. He`s fourteen years old. His hair is yellow. He likes yellow very much. The boy in a blue shirt is his brother , Tom. He is thirteen. They look the same. The girl in a yellow dress is Lisa. She is their friend. She is from America. She is tall and she has long brown hair. She likes yellow, too.
The question is: Where is Tom from?
The possible answers are:
A:England.
B:Canada.
C:America.
D:China.Almost every child like sweet things ,such as candies, chocolate, ice cream and _ .But do you know there is a holiday called Sweetest Day in the USA? Does it mean people can eat lot s of sweets on that day?
Sweetest Day is a popular holiday for Americans. People celebrate it on the third Saturday in October. On that day, people show their love to the elderly, children, their good friends or anyone else they want to help. Orphans   and patients can a1so enjoy people's greetings. In fact, anyone may get a gift on that day. It is just a day that offers people a chance to show their 1ove and care to others.
Where did the holiday originate   ? Here is a story.In 1922,a very kind man in Cleveland, a city in Ohio of America,thought that many poor people in the city needed care from others.He wanted them to be happy and he hoped they would find people always remembered them and cared about them.So he gave them boxes of sweets or small gifts to show his love.He also asked his friends and neighbours to help him do these things. Many people thought it was a great idea.After that,more and more people in Cleveland began to do things like him every year. Gradually   it became a popular holiday for lots of  Americans.
The question is: More and more people did things like the kind man because  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:they agreed with the kind man and followed his example
B:they thought they would also be cared about if they did so
C:they thought they could be remembered by the poor people
D:they were asked by the kind man to try their best to help othersA group of reporters asked a group of 4-to-8-year-old children this question, "What does love mean?" The answers were surprising. The children would answer like they did below.
Rebecca --- age 8
"When my grandmother hurt her knees , she couldn't bend   over and paint her toenails   any more. So my grandfather would do it for her all the time, even when his hands hurt, too. That's love."
Samantha --- age 6
"Love is when someone hurts you, and you get so mad but you don't shout at her because you know it would hurt her feelings."
Terry --- age 4
"Love is what makes you smile when you're tired."
Bethany --- age 4
"I let my big sister pick on   me because my Mum says she only picks on me because she loves me. So I pick on my baby sister because I love her."
Lauren --- age 4
"I know my elder sister loves me because she gives me all her old clothes and has to go out and buy new clothes."
Elaine --- age 5
"Love is when Mummy gives Daddy the best piece of chicken."
Clear --- age 5
"My Mummy loves me more than anybody. You don't see anyone else kissing me to sleep at night."
Jessica --- age 8
"You really shouldn't say 'I love you' unless you mean it. But if you mean it, you should say it a lot. People forget."
The question is: Who told us the love between Mum and Dad?
The possible answers are:
A:Clear.
B:Elaine.
C:Rebecca.
D:Lauren.Dear Kate,
You are in New York, but I am in Beijing now. China is a great country  and Beijing is a big city in China. It's very beautiful. I like it very much. There are twenty-four girls and nineteen boys in our class. One of the boys is from England. His name is Bob. He likes swimming. Sue and I come from America.
Sue likes playing the piano, but I like playing volleyball. I have many Chinese friends here now. They teach me Chinese and I teach them English. Chinese is not easy, but I like it.
Yours
Nick
The question is: _   likes playing the piano.
The possible answers are:
A:Nick
B:Sue
C:Kate
D:BobIn a cold winter, a couple had to move out of their big house because of bankruptcy . The husband worked day and night to support the family but with no care of his wife. So she thought, "he doesn't love me anymore, he just thinks about his work".
One day, she wanted to take a shower, but her husband stopped her at the door, "Let me take it first, OK?" "Why not let me first," she asked. "I was tired, you take it later, OK?" She was very sad.
On a rainy day, she found nothing to do and turned on his computer. After a few minutes, her eyes were full of tears...it was his diary:
"Today, I was quite sad, she asked me why I was always taking the shower first, and I said I was tired. She was unhappy. I wasn't as rich as before! We moved to the small house and it was very cold. But I found that if one person took the shower first, the room could get a little warmer. So every time I rushed to the bathroom first. When she took the shower, the room would get warmer, at least 1degC or 2degC.Now I can't give her comfortable life or buy expensive dresses for her,  but at least, I can give her 1degClove."
The question is: The man wanted to take the shower first because  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:he was tired and wanted to sleep earlier
B:he wanted to make the bathroom warmer
C:he wasn't as strong as before
D:he couldn't stand the cold winterBob Butler lost his legs in 1965 in Vietnam. Later he returned to the USA and began his life in wheelchair  . One day he was working in his yard when he heard a woman calling for help. He began moving towards the woman's house, but something on the ground stopped his wheelchair going through the back door. So he got out of his wheelchair and started to crawl  .
When Butler got through the back door of the house, he found there was a little girl in the pool. She had no arms and couldn't swim. Her mother was calling for help crazily. Butler got into the pool and pulled the little girl out of the water. Her face was blue, and she was not breathing.
Butler did CPR   on her right away. As Butler continued doing CPR, he talked to the mother. "Don't worry," he said. "It'll be OK. I was her arms to get out of the pool. I am now her lungs. Together we can make it."
Soon the little girl coughed and began to cry. The mother asked Butler how he knew it would be OK. "I didn't know," he told her. "But when my legs were blown off   in the war, a little girl in Vietnam said to me in broken English, 'It'll be OK. You will live. I'll be your legs. Together we make it.' Her kind words brought hope to me and I wanted to do the same for your little girl."
The question is: What did the little girl in Vietnam say to Butler?
The possible answers are:
A:"I'll be your legs."
B:"I'll be your lungs."
C:"I'll be your friend."
D:"I'll be your family."Although he died almost 40 years ago,Bruce Lee is still considered the greatest and most influential kung fu performer of the 20th century.His films brought traditional Hong Kong kung fu movies to a new level of popularity,and introduced kung fu to millions of people in the West. 
Bona in the USA in 1940,Lee returned to his native Hong Kong before his birthday.As a teenager,the highly intelligent boy was accepted into one of Hong Kong's most famous middle schools but he paid little attention to his studies. He was more interested in sport,especially kung fu,and hanging out with his street-gang friends. In 1959,Lee got into trouble with the police for fighting.His mother,fearing he would end up in prison,sent him to the USA. Two years later,he began studying at university there.
While still a student,Lee opened his own kung fu school,teaching a new fighting style he had developed.What made Lee's style different was that it used power,strength and,quick--action attacks.It also combined Japanese,Korean and South American fighting styles with traditional stow--moving Chinese kung fu.
Among Lee's students were several famous actors who,impressed by his good--looks and fighting skill,encouraged him to start acting.Over the next fire years Lee achieved some Success in America.But his dream of introducing his fighting style into American movies was not accepted by local film makers who thought western audiences were not interested in kung fu.
Determined to prove them wrong,Lee returned to Hong Kong in 1970.There he made two films
(1971)and
(1972),using his kung fu ideas and techniques.The movies were huge hits world--wide,making Lee an international star and symbol of kung fu.These were followed by what is widely considered the greatest kung fu movie of all time,
(1973).Tragically however,Lee suddenly and mysteriously died while making his next movie
. He was only 33 years old.
The question is: According to the passage.how many kung fu movies did Lee complete in his lifetime?
The possible answers are:
A:Two.
B:Three.
C:Four.
D:Five.I'm Jack. I'm a middle school student. I have lessons from Monday to Friday. At weekends, I usually get up very late. I wash my face, brush my teeth and then go out to do morning exercises. I eat my breakfast at about nine o'clock. After that, I often go to the park with my parents. The park is a little far from our home, so we go there by bus. It often takes us about twenty minutes to get there by bus. The park is very beautiful. There are always lots of people in the park. There are men and women, old and young. Parents must take good care of their children. There is a large lake in the middle of the park. I often go swimming there. Sometimes, I fly kites. We always have a good time there.
The question is: How long does it take them to get to the park by bus?
The possible answers are:
A:For about forty minutes.
B:For about twenty minutes.
C:For about ten minutes.
D:For about five minutes.One day a man found a cocoon  of a butterfly in the forest.He sat there for several hours and watched the butterfly.Suddenly, a small opening appeared and the butterfly made its great effort  to force its body through that little hole.Then it seemed to stop making any progress.It appeared as if it had gotten as far as it could and it could go no further.(, ).
So the man decided to help the butterfly.He cut off the remaining bit of the cocoon so that the butterfly would come out easily.But to his surprise, the butterfly got a heavy body and very small wings when it came out of the cocoon.
The man continued to watch the butterfly because he expected that the body would grow smaller at any moment and the wings would become larger and be able to fly.But neither happened! In fact, the butterfly spent the rest of its life crawling  around with a heavy body and small wings.It was never able to fly.
The man was in his kindness, but he didn't understand the nature rules.Before the butterfly came out of the cocoon, fluid  from its body must be forced into its wings, and then would be ready for flying.It must have a hard struggle  to get through the small opening to get its freedom from the cocoon.
Sometimes struggles are exactly what we need in our life.If God allowed us to go through our life without any difficulties, it would make us fail.We would not be as strong as we could have been, we could never fly.
The question is: What is the best title of the story?
The possible answers are:
A:The Love for the Cocoon.
B:The Joy of Helping Each Other.
C:The Lesson of the Cocoon.
D:The Expectation   for the Butterfly.Do you like winter? What do you like to do in winter? In summer when is rains, we can't go out and play sports outside. We just stay at home, it's very boring. But in winter if it snows we have a lot of things to do. For example, we can make a snowman with our friends. It's not difficult to make a snowman. We just let a snowball roll on the ground until it's big enough. Next we roll another snowball as the head of the snowman. Then put the small snowman on the big snowball. Last try your best to make your snowman beautiful. You can also have snowball fights with your friends. After the snow a lot of people come to the playground. They throw small snowballs to each other. This is a very exciting game in the cold winter. It makes people warm and healthy. A lot of people like it especially boys.
The question is: Who like having snowball fights best?
The possible answers are:
A:Old people.
B:Children.
C:Parents.
D:Teachers.Edison often said, "1 will discover what the world needs, then I will try to invent it."  It is true that he did more than any other man of his time in inventing things. He made more than one thousand inventions in his life and all these have changed our way of living. Edison was one of the greatest inventors in the world. When Edison died in 1931, someone said people should turn off all the lights in their homes, streets and factories for several minutes in honor of this great man. Of course it was impossible to do so. And this shows what Edison's inventions mean to people's life.
The question is: All the things Edison invented were   _   people needed at that time.
The possible answers are:
A:what
B:that
C:then
D:whichIt seems school children all over the world are not satisfied with their school food. Cherie Blair, the wife of Prime Minister Tony Blair, said that she would prepare a packed lunch for her son if school dinners do not improve. So what do students of your age eat for lunch at school?
Japan
High schools have dining halls, which serve everything from noodles to rice, but not hamburgers and chips. Other children bring food from home such as cold rice balls, meat or fish, and vegetables.
The United States
A common menu from a US school is made up of a hamburger with fried potatoes or roast chicken, fruit and cookies. School lunches must also provide food with protein ,vitamin A, vitamin C, ironand calories.
Australia
Meat piesand hotdogs are all traditional dishes in Australian school shops. But as the nation pays more attention to children's health, healthier foods have started to find their way onto school menus.
Many schools have used a traffic light system. The sale of red-labeled   foods includingchocolate and soft drinks, is served only twice a week. Healthier green-labeled foods such as sandwiches, corn and watermelon, however are served every day.
In some schools, students have a choice of up to 89 foods to choose from, including popcorn and rice.
South Africa
Most of South Africa's schools do not serve meals at all. Classes end at 1:30 pm and students get their own lunches. Many students bring food from home, usually sandwiches.
Fast food and fried food sell the best among students, which has led to a rise in _ among children. But as more people began to realize the fact that being too fat may cause different illnesses, some schools in towns have led the way towards better nutrition . Now students at these schools are provided with lunches of porridge  with vegetables, such as cabbages, carrots and tomatoes.
The question is: What is the main idea of the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:Food served in the US is the best of all.
B:Schools should try to satisfy the needs of studemts.
C:Schools serve different foods from country to country.
D:School children all over the world dislike their school food.When you're curious  about something, and want to know more about it, you can use the way of asking questions.Asking questions is the first step to make discoveries and find interesting answers.The steps below can guide you during the research.
Step1  On a note card or piece of paper, write down the subject that you are interested in.Just get the main idea down.For example, you might write: Discover more about dinosaurs.
Step2  Next, stop and think for a moment about what you already know about your subject.List what you already know like the sentences below:
(1)Dinosaurs lived long before human beings appeareD.
(2)Dinosaurs lived on the earth for more than 150 million years.
(3)Some dinosaurs fed on  plants, some on meat.
Step3  What can you do with what you want to learn? By asking questions.On your paper, start writing down questions about the dinosaurs as you think of them:
(1)What's the best weather for dinosaurs to live in?
(2)How many kinds of dinosaurs are there?
(3)Have dinosaurs really disappeared?
Step4  Armed with your list of questions, you can now go to the nearest library or computer to begin your research.As you learn more about your subject, you'll probably discover some new questions.For example, you might discover that dinosaurs disappeared about 65 million years ago.Why? What happened? Asking new questions can help you research your subject more widely.
If you always find something interesting to research, take time to organize  your thinking by asking good questions.And remember learning more always brings more questions.
The question is: From the passage, we know  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:dinosaurs appeared after human beings
B:not all the dinosaurs fed on meat
C:dinosaurs lived on the earth for 65 million years
D:dinosaurs lived warm seasonA group of swans flew down to a beach where a crow  was jumping around. The crow watched them with disdain .
"You have no flying skills at all!" he said to the swans. "All you can do is to move your wings. Can you turn over in the air? No, that's beyond you. Let's have a flying competition. I'll show you what real flying is!"
One of the swans, a strong young male, took up the challenge. The crow flew up and began to show his skills. He flew in circles, performed other flying tricks, and then came down and looked proudly at the swan.
Now it was the swan's turn. He flew up, and began flying over the sea. The crow flew after him, making all kinds of comments  about his flying. They flew on and on till they couldn't see the land and there was nothing but water on all sides. The crow was making fewer and fewer comments. He was now so _ that he found it hard to stay in the air, and had to struggle to keep himself from falling into the water.
The swan pretended  not to notice, and said, "Why do you keep touching the water, brother? Is that another trick?"
"No," said the crow. He knew he had lost the competition. "I'm in trouble because of my pride! If you don't help me, I'll lose my life..."
The swan took pity on him, and took him on his shoulders and flew back to the beach.
The question is: What can we infer  from the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:The crow didn't know flying.
B:Flying skills were useless.
C:The swan saved the crow because they were good friends.
D:The swan was better at long-distance flying than the crow.Paul is my pen friend.He is from Landon,England.He speaks good English.He is now in Shanghai with his parents,because they work in Shanghai.Paul can speak a little Chinese! There are five people in his family,his parents,his two sisters and he.His sisters aren't in China.They are in England now. He likes singing and dancing very much.His favorite subject is music.He likes going to the movies on weekends:He thinks it is fun.I think he is a nice boy.
The question is: What's Paul's favorite subject in school?
The possible answers are:
A:Math
B:Chinese
C:English.
D:Music.One day, I heard an American boy say to a Chinese student of English, "You speak very good English." But the student answered, "NO, no. My English is very poor." The foreigner was quite surprised at the answer. Thinking he had not made himself understood or the Chinese student had not heard him clearly, he said, "Yes, indeed, you speak very well." But the Chinese student sill kept saying "No." In the end the American boy could not understand and didn't know what to say.
What's wrong with the student's answer? He didn't accept a compliment in the same way as the American people do. He should answer "thank you" instead of "no". He really understood what the American boy had said, but he thought he should be modest .In the west, people will feel proud and confident when they are praised. So if someone says the dishes you have cooked are very delicious, you should say "Thank you". If someone says to a woman "You look so beautiful with the new clothes on." She must be very happy and answer "Thank you".
In our country we think being modest is a virtue and being proud is a bad thing, but in my opinion, being confident does not mean being proud, so  sometimes you should be confident instead of being modest.
If you are modest and say, "No, I'm afraid I can't do it well" while working in a western country, the others may think that you really cannot do it. If you often say "No", you will certainly be looked down upon by others. If asking for a job, one says something like "Yes, I can certainly do it" instead of "Let me have a try", he or she will expect to get it. So in the west, you should be brave to show your self-confidence!
The question is: In the west, if you meet a friend who wears a really beautiful dress, you may say "  _  ".
The possible answers are:
A:Where do you buy it?
B:Could you give me your dress?
C:How beautiful you are today!
D:I want a dress like yours very much.Henry's family has a picnic on the weekend.They ask their friends,Nancy and her husband ,to go with them.On Sunday morning,Henry's wife ,Kate,gets up early to get ready for(...)some food for the picnic.At nine o'clock in the morning,Nancy calls and tells Henry she would like to bring something to the picnic.Kate calls her back and asks her to bring a big bottle of orange juice.The two families go to a park near Nancy's house.There are tables and chairs under the trees near the river .They can see the blue sky and green water there.Everyone likes the picnic and they have a nice Sunday afternoon in the park.
The question is: Which of these is right?
The possible answers are:
A:The park is near Henry and Kate's house.
B:At 9 o'clock in the morning,Nancy calls Kate.
C:They don't like the picnic.
D:From the passage,we can't know Nancy's husband's name.John is an American boy. His family is in China now. John likes chocolates   very much. But his mother doesn't give him any. They are not good for him, she thinks. But John has a very nice grandfather. The old man loves him very much, and sometimes he buys John some chocolates. Then his mother lets John eat them. She wants to make the old man happy. One Sunday evening John says in his room, "Please, God. Make them give me a big box of chocolates tomorrow. It's my birthday." His mother says, "God can't hear you, my boy." "I know, but my grandfather is in the next room. He can hear."
,.
The question is: John likes  _  very much.
The possible answers are:
A:eating
B:God
C:chocolates
D:reading booksNewspapers are very important in our daily life. Many people begin their day by reading the paper. In this way they learn what is going on in the world. Sometimes, however, they didn't have the time to read the news carefully and must be pleased with a quick look at the front page. At other times they may be in such a hurry that they have time only to have a quick look at the headlines .
There are newspapers to please every reader. In big cities there are many types with several different editions every day. In some towns there are fewer newspapers and perhaps only one edition each day. In some places the paper is printed weekly.
Most papers have several editions , especially on Sundays when the edition is larger than usual. There are, besides the front page with the most important news, the sports news, the amusement page, a business page and so on.
The question is: If you want to see a film, you'd better read   _   in a newspaper.
The possible answers are:
A:the business page
B:the front page
C:the sports page
D:the amusement pageSeveral years ago Robert knew a girl at a party. He loved her at once. But he hadn't enough money to marry her. He went to another village and wanted to borrow five thousand dollars from Peter, one of his classmates. He said he was going to return the money in two years.
Peter Black believed him and lent the money to him. And Robert thanked the young man very much.
In the past four years Robert married the girl and she had a baby. They lived a happy life, but he didn't give the money back to Peter.
One day Peter's mother was ill and needed an operation. He looked for Robert for a few times, but he never met him. One day Peter heard that the young man was in. He hurried there. He knocked at the door for a long time and Robert's wife came out to meet him.
"I'm sorry, Mr. Black." said the woman. "My husband has just gone out."
Peter thought for a while and said, "Yes, I met him on my way here. He told me that he had left all his money at home and let you return it to me."
"Don't believe him, dear!" Robert came out in a hurry  and called out. "I've never told him about it!"
The question is: Which of the following is true?   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:The woman didn't know her husband was at home.
B:Robert had no money to pay Peter.
C:Peter was clever enough to make Robert come out.
D:Robert thought Peter was a good friend.French soccer player David Trezeguet holds the record for the fastest shot in a soccer match. It happened during a match between his club Juventus and England's Manchester United in 1998.
At that time, he was unknown outside of French soccer. But nine years later, Trezeguet, 29, has become one of the world's most famous strikers  .
In September, 2007, he scored his 100th goal in the Italian League. "One hundred goals with Juventus, one of the greatest clubs in the world, that is important," he said.
Although Trezeguet was born in France, he grew up in Argentina and he says his " _ " helped him become one of the world's best soccer players.
"Most people in Argentina have to work hard for everything they want," he explained. "This mentality gave me a hunger and an ambition   to become the best."
Trezeguet has had a great career. He has won nearly every major competition in soccer - the World Cup, the European Championships, the European Cup, as well as the French and Italian league titles.
But Trezeguet knows all about heartache too. In the French World Cup in 1998, after playing every match in the competition, he was not chosen to play in the final when France went on to win.
Then in the 2006 World Cup in Germany, his miss in the penalty shoot-out  handed victory to Italy.  But Trezeguet refuses to let this get him down.
"I accept my responsibility. It's part of football," he said. "You just have to move on and start thinking about focusing on the next thing."
The question is: David Trezequet lost the game to Italy in   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:the European Cup
B:the European Championship
C:the French World Cup in 1998
D:the 2006 World Cup in GermanyTony loved basketball. One afternoon on his way to a basketball game, he was walking and dreaming about playing college basketball the next year. Suddenly a car hit him and he was thrown three meters into the air.
Tony woke up in a hospital room. When the doctor told him that both his legs were broken, he knew his college basketball dreams were over. Tony did what the doctors told him. But it didn't work when he left the hospital, Tony was sent to a _ center for physical treatment.
A week after he arrived there, he met Sunny Chen. Sunny used to be a coach. His legs were hurt badly in a skating accident. Though he couldn't move his legs, Sunny became a coach of a basketball team called The Sun. It was a wheelchair basketball team, because everybody on the team played on a wheelchair. Sunny invited Tony to join the game. Tony played badly, but for the first time since the accident, he stopped feeling sorry for himself.
After becoming a part of The Sun, Tony improved quickly. Playing basketball was like medicine for him. Tony was much better that before. When Tony became sad or angry, Sunny was there to help him. The day before Tony left the center, he had dinner with Sunny. He asked Sunny how he could be so happy, even with his broken legs.
Sunny smiled and said, "It's really quite easy. When you keep your face to the sun, the shadow falls behind."
The question is: After Tony joined The Sun, he  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:became sad and angry
B:play badly all the time
C:was much better than before
D:felt sorry for himselfYou want to know about my staying in America ,right ? Well ,to tell you the truth ,it is really an eye-opening experience to study here .
In China ,I had English classes five times a week since fifth grade .However ,I didn't know how different textbook English could be from everyday English until I came to Hotchkiss School ,Connecticut .
When I first studied English ,I was told to say ,"I am fine"when people say"How are you ?"But in the US ,I found that people say ,"I am good "or"I'm tired".
One day , someone greeted me with "What's up ?"It made me _ .I thought for a moment and then smiled because I didn't know what to say .
Since then ,I have discovered more and more differences between Chinese  and US cultures .
To my surprise ,US girls spend a lot of time in the burning sun to get a tan .However , in China ,girls try every possible way to get their skin  paler  , or"whiter".
I was also surprised by how hardworking US students are .
In China ,schoolwork is almost everything ,so we study hard and that's it .But here ,a "good "student gets good grades ,does a lot for the public and plays sports or music .
The kids here are so talented  ,I am starting to be sorry that I gave up playing the piano at an early age and that I have never thought about sports .
The question is: According to the writer ,textbook English is  _   everyday English .
The possible answers are:
A:quite different from
B:the same as
C:more difficult than
D:easier thanLizards   are unusual,but they can make good pets because most of them are small and easy to care for. They do not make loud noises,and they do not need to go for walks or take baths.
Of course, some lizards make better pets than others. One of the most popular lizards in pet store is the bearded dragon. Bearded dragons are active during the day and do not mind people holding them. Geckos are another popular pet lizard. They are a little more difficult to care for. Geckos are active at night and need a warm place to live.Like bearded dragons,they can be held by their owners.Both of these lizards can live ten years or more when they are well cared for.
Two lizards that are bad choices for pets are iguanas and chameleons. Iguanas can grow to be almost two meters(nearly six feet),so they need a big space to live in.They can also bite or scratch   their owners.Chameleons do not hurt their owners,but they are quite difficu1t to care for. While iguanas can live up to twenty years,chameleons do not live very long. Most do not live more than five years.
The question is: Which is true according to the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:It is not hard to care for most lizards.
B:All lizards are dangerous to children.
C:Lizards are better than dogs or cats.
D:Pet 1izards need walks and baths.In America, just as in Europe, men usually open doors for women, and women always walk ahead of men into a room or a restaurant, unless the men have to be ahead of the ladies to choose the table, to open the door of a car or do some other things like the above. On the street, men almost always walk or cross the street on the closer side of the ladies to the traffic. But if a man walks with two ladies, he should walk between them. Then if the host   or hostess  or both of them come in a car to get their guest for dinner, the guest should sit at the front seat and leave the back seat though there is no people sitting on it.
,.
The question is: If a man walks with two ladies, he should   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:walk between them
B:run before them
C:follow them
D:go awayAll living things on the earth need other living things to live.Nothing lives alone.Most animals must live in a group,and even a plant grows close together with others of the same kind.Sometimes one living thing kills another,or one eats and the other is eaten.One kind of life eats another kind of life in order to live,and together they form a food chain .All food chains begin with the sun,and all food chain become broken up if one of them disappears.
All life needs sunlight to live on.But only plants can use sunlight directly.Plants are"factories".They make food from sunlight,water and things in the soil and air.
Plants feed all other living things.Animals can only use the sun's energy after it has been changed into food by plants.Some animals feed directly on plants,and others eat smaller animals.Meat-eating animals are only eating plants indirectly.
What about human beings?We are members of any food chain.We eat rice,vegetables,fruits and so on.We also eat meat.But men often break up the food chain.They kill wild animals.They also make rivers,lakes and seas dirty.When these rivers,lakes and seas are polluted,the fish in them cannot be eaten.If men eat the fish,they will get strange diseases.
Each form of life is linked to all others.Breaking the links puts all life in danger.
The question is: Which can change the sun's energy into food?
The possible answers are:
A:Plants.
B:Humans.
C:Plant-eating animals.
D:Meat-eating animals.In Europe many people died during the Second World War. As a result, at the end of the war there were many orphans there. A man called Hermann Gmeiner wanted to help these children. His idea was simple. He wanted orphans to have a home, and he wanted them to have the care and kindness of parents. Gmeiner asked people to give him some money. With this money he built the first SOS Children's Village at Imst, in Austria. It opened in1949. This is how the SOS stand for "Save Our Souls ." This means "Please help us!" An SOS Children' village gives help to orphans.
Hermann Gmeiner's idea for helping orphans soon spread all over the world. By 1983 there were 170 SOS Children's Villages in the world. People in many countries give money to help the villages. Today the children from the first village have grown up. Now some of them work in other SOS Children's Villages.
In SOS Villages orphans live in family groups. There are several houses in each village. The biggest village has 40 or 50 houses! Between seven and ten children live in a house. A woman lives with each group of children and looks after them. She gives the children a lot of love and kindness. She cooks meals for them and makes comfortable, happy home for them.
Of course, the children don't spend all their time in the village. They go to school, they go out with their friends. But the village gives them a home--sometimes for the first time in their lives.
The question is: Which of the following can best summarize  the work a woman in an SOS Village does for each group of children?
The possible answers are:
A:She gives the children a lot of love and kindness
B:She lives with each group of children
C:She cooks meals for children
D:She looks after themMiss Green came into the classroom with a piece of paper. There was a big black dot  in the middle. Miss Green put up this piece of paper and asked, "What can you see in the middle of the white paper?" All the children watched the black dot. " A black dot," they answered quickly. "But can't you see this piece of white paper? The black dot is like unlucky things in our life. If we only see the dark dot, how can we be happy?"
The classroom was very quiet at the moment. Miss Green took out another piece of paper from her bag. This was a piece of black paper with a white dot in the middle.
"what can you see, kids?" she asked the children with a smile on her facc.
"A white dot," the children answered loudly.
Miss Green smiled, "My children, although we may be happy or worried in our life, it is just like the clouds in the sky. The clouds can lift  quickly and the sun can come out soon. You can be a happy child with the sun in your eyes all the time."
The question is: What does this article want to tell us?
The possible answers are:
A:We should see the white dot in the black paper.
B:We should see the black dot in the white paper.
C:We are like the clouds.
D:Life is always beautiful although sometimes it's terrible.We may know that there are four basic stages that human beings pass through when they enter and live in a new culture. This process, which helps us to deal with culture shock , is the way our head and our personality react to(...) the strange new things we meet with when we move from one culture to another.
Culture begins with the "honeymoon stage". This is the time when we first arrive in which everything about the new culture is strange and exciting. We see new things, hear new sounds and language, eat new kinds of food. This stage can last for quite a long time because we feel we are very excited.
Unluckily, the second stage can be more difficult. After we have got used to our new life, we can become very tired and begin to miss our homeland and our family, friends, pets. All the little problems in life seem to be much bigger and more disturbing when you face them in a foreign culture. This time of cultural adjustment  can be very difficult and lead to pulling away from the new culture.
The third stage is called the "adjustment stage". This is when you begin to realize that things are not so bad in the host culture. Your sense of humor usually becomes stronger and you realize that you are becoming stronger by learning to take care of yourself in the new place. Things are still difficult, but you are now a survivor!
The fourth stage can be called "at ease at last". Now you feel quite comfortable in your new place. You can deal with most problems that you have. You may still have problems with the language, but you know you are strong enough to deal with them.
There is a fifth stage of culture shock which many people don't know about. This is called
"reverse culture shock". Surprisingly, this happens when you go back to your own culture and find that you have changed and that things there have changed while you have been away. Now you feel a little uncomfortable back home. Life is a struggle!
The question is: How could the third stage be described?
The possible answers are:
A:Adjustment.
B:Pulling away
C:Shock.
D:Anger.The human body is a living machine, and, like all machines, it needs "fuel" to supply it with energy. This is provided by the food we eat. But how much do we need to stay healthy?
The energy value of food is usually measured in calories . A calorie is the amount of heat required to raise the temperature of 1 kg of water by 1degC. The number of calories people need per day is different, as the picture shows. Also, the number of calories you use at any one moment normally depends on the activity you are in. For example, you need more calories for standing than for sitting, more for running than for walking, and so on.
The energy in food is in the form of three kinds of chemical materials--carbohydrate , protein  and fat. Carbohydrate provides 3.8 Cal /gm of the energy, protein 4.0 Cal/gm, and fat 8.8 Cal/gm. Each food contains different amounts of these materials, as the round pictures show.
(P= protein      C= carbohydrate    F=fat)
The question is: How many calories are needed to raise the temperature of 5kg of water from 35degC to 90degC?
The possible answers are:
A:55.
B:175.
C:325.
D:275.BEIJING--Chinese Premier Wen Jiabao has visited the "left-behind"  children whose parents are working in cities before Children's Day.
During a visit to northwest China's Shanxi Province, Wen visited the home of Yang Saike, a primary school boy in a village of Xingping City. Yang, whose parents were working in Fujian, thousands of kilometers away, was cared for by his grandparents. His parents fail to go home even once a year. Wen talked with many children and asked them many questions about their schooling and life.
"You are so pretty," Wen said to Liu Mengqi, a seven-year-old girl living with her grandmother. Liu's parents were also working in the city.
"Have you been to school yet?" Wen asked two other girls.
"We are going to the pre-school class," said one.
"Mom and dad at home?" Wen asked. The children shook their heads.
"Children cannot see their parents very often, which is a new problem in the country-side. We should give them more care and love," said the premier.
The premier asked local governments to do something to protect and care for such children at home and freeing their parents in cities from worries about their children.
The question is: Wen Jiabao asks local governments  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:to do more for "left-behind" children and their parents
B:to let the parents see their children only once a year
C:to stop the local people from going to work in cities
D:to build more schools for the "left-behind" childrenLu Xun is one of the greatest Chinese writers of the 20thcentury. Today, many of his writings are included in school textbooks and his works are read by millions around the world.
Born in 1881 to rich family, Lu Xun had a happy childhood. In 1893, however, his grandfather was put into prison  for taking money. At the same time, his father became seriously ill. From that time on, his family were no longer accepted by their relatives  and friends. These early experiences greatly influenced his writing.
By the time Lu Xun arrived in Nanjing to study at a college in 1899, he already believed that Chinese government had to change and become modern. In 1902 he went to study in Japan. There he began writing articles for some Chinese student magazines. He showed a gift for writing and translating  and he even wrote several books, though none was popular. He returned to China in 1909 because he was in need of money.
After working for a few years as a teacher in Beijing, Lu Xun again returned to writing. In 1918, he wrote his famous short story Diary of a Madman. It was the first Chinese novel using the everyday language that people spoke, which helped make it a great success. _ , together with his novel The True Story of Ah Q(1921), made Lu Xun a leading Chinese writer.
Though successful, Lu Xun still worried greatly about China's future. In 1926, he moved to Shanghai and gave up writing stories. He only wrote articles which called on the people to fight against  the government. For this, the government stopped him publishing  any more books. He was made to write his articles using false names .
Since his death in 1936, Lu Xun's importance and influence have grown. More and more people have become interested in reading and studying his works.
The question is: According to the passage, why was Lu Xun's story Diary of a Madman so popular?
The possible answers are:
A:It came from Lu Xun's diary.
B:It was the first novel to use everyday language.
C:Its story took place in modern times
D:It was written in a western style.Postmen wanted                          English teachers wanted
No experience nec essary but you must be        Warm and patient college students.
Hard--working.                                  Able to speak standard English, good with children.
Free to choose working hours.                   Time: on weekends
Write to No.38 Changehong Rd...Xiangyang        E--mail address: Sunshine--School@163.com
Taxi drivers wanted                             Tour guides wanted
Full--time taxi drivers. Over five years        Two years 'working experience.
experience, good knowledge of the city.         Good English and good at talking to people.
Under 45 years old.                             Age:20--30
Fore more information, please come to Shunda    Go to Friendship Traveling Company to ask the
Taxi Company to visit the manager.              manager for more information
The question is: You can not get information by  _  if you want to get a job above.
The possible answers are:
A:making a call
B:going to visit the manager
C:sending an e-mail
D:writing a letter.Lisa is a successful movie star. She plays in a lot of good movies. Many people are her fans   and like her very much. Most people think a star's life is different  . But Lisa doesn't think so. She says, "I am only an ordinary   girl. I like T-shirts and jeans like many girls. I like Chinese action movies best. I am a fan of many Chinese action stars. I like to go to the market  . People can not often recognize   me in the market. It is interesting."
The question is: In the market,   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:Lisa isn't happy, because people cannot recognize her
B:all people know she is a movie star
C:people don't know she is a star sometimes
D:Lisa sees her movies thereLike schools in China, American schools begin in September after a long summer vacation. There are two terms in a school year. The first term is from September to January and the second is from February to June. Usually American children begin to go to school when they are five years old. Most students are seventeen or eighteen years old when they finish high school.
But unlike middle school students in China, high school students in America take only four or five subjects each term. They usually go to the same classes every day and have homework for every class. After class they do all kinds of interesting things.
After high school, many students go to college. They may go to a small or a large one. They usually have to pay a lot for their higher education. So lots of students work after school to make money for their studies.
,:
The question is: Many American students work after class, because they   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:want to see interesting things
B:have to help the other people
C:want to make more friends
D:have to get money for their studiesWhen I was young,I liked to play jokes on people I knew, especially on my parents and friends. One day my mother was cooking and I was playing with my younger brother Tony. Suddenly I ran to my mother and said: "Tony fell from the open window!" She was very worried and ran out of the kitchen. Then I said: "Don't worry, I'm just joking." My mother shouted at me, "If you do it again, I'll hit you."
Another day I went swimming with my friends in the sea. I wanted to play a joke on them. In the beginning I swam fast and I called out "Help!". All my friends came to help me. However, they found that I was joking. But half an hour later I wasn't joking. I was so fast, soon I got tired and couldn't swim on in water. I tried my best to call my friends for help, but this time nobody came to help me.
In the end they found I was telling the truth. They came and saved my life. They took me to the hospital. This is the best lesson in my life. From then on I haven't joked on anyone.
The question is: In the beginning, all his friends came to help him because he   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:swam fast
B:called for help
C:would sink in water
D:couldn't swim on in the waterAn Englishman was once traveling in Italy. One day he went into a small restaurant to order dinner. He understood very little Italian and couldn't read the menu . He knew the word for eggs, and so he ordered eggs. Italy is famous, however, for its mushrooms  with eggs. But he did not know the word for mushrooms. The waiter did not speak a word of English and could not help him. At last, the man took out his pocket a pencil and a piece of paper and very carefully drew a picture of a mushroom on the piece of paper. The waiter looked at the picture of the mushroom for a long while. He did not understand very well, but at last he left. He was gone a long time. After about a half hour he returned. But instead of an order of mushroom, he brought the man a large black umbrella.
The question is: Why did the Englishman go to Italy?
The possible answers are:
A:He went to work in a restaurant.
B:He went to buy an umbrella.
C:He traveled in Italy.
D:He wanted to visit his friends.Do you know something about the holiday camps in Hong Kong? The students in Hong Kong used to take part in an English holiday camp in their holidays. And their parents weren't with them, though they were very young.
Now they still enjoy taking part in many kinds of holiday camps without their parents. Many parents let their children take part in some kinds of holiday camps in order to learn some practical knowledge in their life. And also learn some knowledge about living skills, science, reading and writing... The most important for the children is to learn to look after themselves.
Holiday camps in Hong Kong are not so expensive. Most of the families can afford  to send their children there for further study, for making their bodies strong...
It is said that students in Hong Kong have much knowledge about many things. Perhaps it has to do with the kinds of holiday camps.
The question is: Students in Hong Kong like to take part in the   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:holiday camps
B:English holiday camps
C:science holiday camps
D:Chinese holiday campsMiss Huang and Mr Huang are teachers in No.16 Middle School. Their school isn't big, but it's beautiful. There are 35students in Miss Huang's class, twenty-one boys and fourteen girls. They are all Chinese. In Mr Huang's class, there are two Americans, one boy, Robert and one girl, Kate. They are good students. Miss Huang and Mr Huang like their students very much.
The question is: Which  is TRUE ?
The possible answers are:
A:Mr Huang isn't a teacher in No.16 Middle School.
B:Miss Huang's students are all from America.
C:There are two Chinese students in Mr Huang's class.
D:Mr Huang and Miss Huang like their students.Our school life is very interesting! My friends and I study hard at school. And we are good at our lessons. We are very happy. We have lots of time for our hobbies. My classmates all want to go to different clubs. Helen wants to join  the Reading Club. She loves reading books. The Reading Club meets every Wednesday at three thirty. Lily enjoys dancing. She wants to join the Dancing Club. It meets on Mondays at four thirty. There's also an Art Club. It meets on Fridays at four o'clock. Nick doesn't want to join the Art Club. He doesn't like drawing. He thinks it is too difficult for him . Nick likes playing computer games. He wants to join the Computer Club. It meets every Thursday at three forty-five. Mike loves sports. He wants to join the football team. They play football every Monday at three thirty. I want to join the Music Club. I like listening to music with my friends. The Music Club meets on Tuesday at three fifteen.
,:
The question is: What does Helen like doing ?
The possible answers are:
A:Dancing
B:Reading
C:Drawing
D:SingingJames and Harry came to London and stayed in the same hotel.
James came in in a great hurry one evening.A friend had offered him a ticket for a play. He saw a 1etter on the hall table."That will keep till I get back,"he thought,"no time to lose now."And he went off.
Harry came in a minute after James.There was a letter for him,too,which he opened at once.It was from the secretary of a company,offering him a post in their office. He Was told to be there at 10 a.m.the next morning,as there were others who wanted the job.
James got back from the play at midnight.He was sleepy."That letter can be opened in the morning,"he thought.The next morning when he woke up,he at once jumped out of bed,tore it open- _ .It was a similar letter to the one Harry had received the night before. But James' chance was gone .It was five to ten, and he could never be at the office in time.
The question is: As soon as he woke up,James  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:wondered where Harry had gone
B:was eager to know the time
C:knew he could never be at the office in time
D:remembered the letter from the companyJanel gave her 13-year-old son Jim an iPhone for Christmas. But she also had a contract  about how Jim's new toy can and can't be used.
Contract
Rule 1: It is my phone. I bought it. I pay for it. I am lending it to you. Aren't I the greatest?
Rule 2: If it rings, answer it. It is a phone. Say "hello", use your manners.
Rule 3: Hand the phone to one of your parents at 7:30p.m. every school night & every weekend night at 9:00 p.m.. It will be shut off for the night and turned on again at 7:30a.m..
Rule 4: Turn it off, silence it, put it away in public. Especially in a restaurant, at the movies, or while speaking with another people. You are not a rude person, do not allow the iPhone to change that.
Rule 5: Leave your phone home sometimes and feel safe. It is not all for you. Learn to live without it. Be bigger and more powerful than it.
Rule 6: Don't take too many pictures and videos. There is no need to record everything. They will be _ in your memory for ever.
Rule 7: If it falls into the toilet, breaks on the ground, or lose, you should pay for it. You can take care of the baby, and wash dishes to save some money.
I hope you can agree to these terms and enjoy your new iPhone.
Mom
The question is: From Rule 2 & Rule 4, we know mom hoped Jim can   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:be a person with good manners
B:say hello
C:speak with another people
D:answer the phoneDrinking water is good for your health. There are some scientific ways of drinking water.
1. It is the best medicine to drink two glasses of water in the morning.
2. Drink clean water.
3. Drink the water that has not been boiled.
Many people think boiled water is safe and good to people's health. In fact, it is not true. The boiling point of water is 100degC. By boiling it, most bacteria in water can be killed. In the past, the water was less polluted. So boiling was a good way to make clean water. But heavy metals and other dangerous things in today's water are much more terrible than bacteria. Boiling doesn't fix that problem. And boiling water may give us more of the dangerous things in our glass.
4. Never use soft drinks to take the place of water.
5. Water is also needed in winter.
6. Drink water at the right time.
1) After getting up in the morning, you have less water in your body, because you weren't drinking for the whole night. So you should drink some water to keep your health after getting up in the morning. That can prevent high blood pressure, cerebral hemorrhages and so on.
2) Drinking water at about 10 am helps your body keep enough water.
3) Drinking water at about 3 pm can clean out the wastes in your body.
4) About eight o'clock in the evening is the best time to drink water. Your blood gets thicker when you sleep. Water will make your blood less thick.
Besides, we should drink 2L of water every day. Water is so important for our life. We should drink water often.
The question is: _  can prevent high blood pressure, cerebral hemorrhages and so on.
The possible answers are:
A:Drinking some water after getting up in the morning
B:Drinking some water before going to bed
C:Drinking some soft drinks after getting up
D:Drinking some milk before going to bedIn September 2013, the China National  Tourism  Administration issued a new set of tourist guideline in order to improve tourists' behavior when they travel abroad.  Although the 64-page  handbook  contains  suggestions for Chinese tourists when traveling at home, the main purpose is to improve the poor reputation of Chinese tourists abroad.
In 2013, more than 83 million Chinese people traveled overseas, up 18 percent from the year 2012, according to  the  China  Tourism  Academy. But  even as they travel farther, the Chinese tourists continue to take bad habits with them.  From damaging ancient Egyptian temples to letting children defecate in the  middle  of airports,   Chinese tourists have earned a bad fame. Chinese Vice-Premier Wang Yang even  stressed  the  need for Chinese tourists to behave better while traveling overseas so as to protect China's image abroad.
Now with the latest "guidebook", Chinese travelers should have no excuse for rude behavior. According to the guidelines, when using the restroom,  Chinese tourists are asked not to forget to flush the toilet after using it.
The guidelines also remind tourists of not fighting with others  when they want to take pictures at tourist attractions. When flying, the guidelines advise  travelers  not to take life vests away from airplanes.
Chinese tourists are also encouraged to be respectful of local customs wherever they travel.  In the United Kingdom, for example, it is not polite to ask people. Where are you going?" or "Have you eaten?", the handbook says.
Nevertheless, with a very short history of traveling overseas, it is not surprising that many Chinese tourists behave badly on their foreign trips. We should give them time to change.
,.
The question is: What's the main purpose of the new guideline?
The possible answers are:
A:To improve the Chinese tourists' behavior abroad.
B:To guide the Chinese tourists how to travel farther.
C:To introduce the famous places of interest all over the world.
D:To give suggestions to Chinese tourists when traveling at home.A long time before I was born, my grandma and grandpa moved into the house on Beechwood Avenue. They had a young family of 4 little girls.
During that time, work was hard to find, so Grandpa did whatever jobs he could. He worked on a farm during the week and at weekends he and Grandpa grew some of their own food in the garden .
Everybody worked to keep the garden growing. All summer long, the family ate food from the garden and enjoyed the beautiful flowers. Grandma made jam with strawberry, tomatoes, beans, peppers, pears and peaches. It was good to eat through the long winter.
The family grew up, and before too many years had passed, the grandchildren came to visit. Grandma and Grandpa still planted their garden every spring. Everyone still enjoyed the good food from the garden and always took some home.
Grandchildren grew up, and grandparents grew older. It became harder for Grandma and Grandpa to keep up the garden. So they made it a little smaller. There was still plenty to eat from the garden and lovely flowers to enjoy.
Then one summer when Grandpa was eighty-nine years old, all he could do was to watch from his chair as the vegetables grew and the flowers came out. Summer slowly went away, and Grandpa died before it was time to bring in the harvest .
The question is: As time passed by, grandparents made the garden smaller because   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:they were not strong enough
B:life was getting better and better
C:we didn't enjoy their vegetables
D:they lost interest to grow vegetablesWe spent a day in the country and picked a lot of flowers. Our car was full of flowers inside! On the way home we had to stop at traffic lights, and there my wife saw the bookshelf.
It stood outside a furniture  shop." Buy it," she said at once."We'll carry it home on the roof-rack . I've always wanted one like that." What should I do?Ten minutes later I was twenty dollars poorer,and the bookshelf was tied onto the roof-rack. It was tall and narrow, quite heavy too.As it was getting darker, I drove slowly.Other drivers seemed more polite than usual that evening. The police evenstopped teaffic to let us through. Carrying furniture was a good idea.
After some time my wife said,"There's a long line of cars behind. Why don't they overtake " Just at that time a police car did overtake. The two officers inside looked at us seriously when they went past.But then, with a kind smile they asked us to follow their car through the busy traffic. The police car stopped at our village church .One of the officers came to me.
"Right, sir!"he said,"Do you need any more help now?" I didn't quite understand. "Thanks, officer," I said. "You've been very kind. I live just down the road."
He was looking at our things, first at the flowers, then at the bookshelf. "Well, well," he said and laughed. "It's a bookshelf you've got there! We thought it was... er ..., something else." My wife began to laugh. Suddenly i understood why the police drove here. I smiled at the officer. "Yes, it's a bookshelf, but thanks again." I drove home as fast as i could.
The question is: What made the writer think that carrying furniture was "a good idea"?
The possible answers are:
A:He could drive slowly and it was safe.
B:Other drivers would let him go first.
C:His wife could use a new bookshelf.
D:He could save a lot of money and time.Although I didn't have any interest in being a school bus driver, I became one. Many years later, I was still working on the school bus. There are so many good reasons. Firstly, the talk brought me different kinds of information. I also got to hear all the family secrets of the newcomers. I have a toy bear who was a great comforter  for the little ones. The kids got to look after him on the trip to school and he waited patiently for _ to get on for the trip home.
Our bus would often pass a place where we could see some alpacas   in front of a farm house. Little Michael would cry excitedly from the seat, "Look, Miss! Look at the camels!" He used to put his head out of the bus window. When I warned him that a little insect would come into his nose if he wasn't careful, he smartly gave up the habit.
I remember a little girl got on the bus one morning 5 years ago and sobbed  all the way to school. We arrived at the school gate. As she waited to get down the bus, she threw her arms around my neck and cried that her grandfather had died the night before.
A school bus driver needs to keep one eye on the road and the other on the mirror to watch what the little ones are doing down the back.
Now, it's important to think how many lives I've been responsible  for, and how many kilometers I've driven in order to get my passengers home safely during the 20 years. I've enjoyed it, but it's time to rest and park my school bus.
The question is: Which of the following is TRUE?
The possible answers are:
A:Children didn't like the driver.
B:The driver likes the job all the time.
C:The little girl was excited at seeing the camels.
D:Children sometimes talked about their family secrets on the bus.This room is not big but nice. There's a bed, a desk and some chairs in it. The desk is next to the window. On the desk, there is a book, a glass and some cakes. The bed is next to the desk. There are trousers  and a coat on the bed. The trousers are green. They are new. The coat is yellow. It's new, too. Under the bed, there are some shoes and two balls. This is Susan's room. She's a good student.
The question is: The desk is   _   , the cakes are  _   , and the balls are  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:next to the window; on the bed; on the desk
B:next to the window; on the desk; under the bed
C:next to the desk; on the bed; under the bed
D:next to the window; near the bed; on the deskDifferent people have different colors of skin . Some have black skin. Some have yellow skin, and some have white skin. There's a woman in America. Her skin is orange. It's the color of orange juice.
Why does she become  orange ? She eats too many tomatoes , carrots and squashes  . She eats many orange things. That's why she becomes orange.
The woman doesn't want to be orange. She goes to the doctor  . The doctor says, "Don't eat any orange things again! Eat some green things. " The woman does so ,and she isn't orange now.
The question is: The doctor asks the woman to   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:eat many orange things
B:eat some green food
C:drink much orange juice
D:eat orange everydayMr. Jackson is a teacher of science in a middle school. His students like his classes because his classes are very interesting. They can learn a lot in his class. The students can make many things. His little son Val also likes making things. He makes lots of machines , such as a machine like a man. It can do the job that is dangerous for people to do. He says, "I want to be a scientist."
,.
The question is: What can students do in Mr. Jackson's classes?
The possible answers are:
A:They can learn English.
B:They can do dangerous job.
C:They can do nothing.
D:They can make many things.This is a picture of a classroom . You can see a teacher's desk, five desks and six chairs. You can see a girl and a boy, too. Four English books are on the teacher's desk. One pencil-case is on a desk. Two pens and two rulers are in the pencil-case. A schoolbag is behind a chair. A ball is on the floor. The girl is Lily. She is 12.The boy is Mike. He is 11.They are in Class 5.They are good friends. Their teacher is Mr. King. He is not here.
The question is: What picture is it?
The possible answers are:
A:It is a picture of boys and girls.
B:It is a picture of desks and chairs.
C:It is a picture of pens and pencils.
D:It is a picture of a classroom.People eat different things in different parts of the world.
In some countries, people eat rice every day. Sometimes they eat it two or three times a day for breakfast, lunch and supper. They eat rice with meat, fish and vegetables.
Some people do not eat some kinds of meat. Muslims  ,for example, do  not eat pork.
Japanese eat lots of fish. They are near the  sea. So it is easy for them to get fish.
In some western countries such as Britain, Australia and the USA, the most important food is bread and potatoes. People there can cook potatoes in many different ways.
Some people eat only fruit and vegetables. They do not eat meat or fish or anything from animals. They only eat food from plants  . Some people say that food from plants is better than meat. These people are called _
The question is: What is the most important food in Australia?
The possible answers are:
A:Fish.
B:Bread.
C:Vegetables.
D:Fruit.Island University has a competition for middle school students.
Read about the competition on their website.
School Competition
Students! Here is your chance to help the physically disabled. Think out a robot or a machine to help them live better. There'll be three prizes. The winning schools each will get $ 15,000. Read the information below:
What do you have to do?
* Try to know problems faced by the physically disabled in Hong Kong. Write a 200-word article on the difficulties these people have to suffer each day.
* Try to know modern inventions that help the physically disabled. Then think out a robot or a machine that will improve the lives of the physically disabled. Draw your invention. You can make as many drawings as you like to show your invention. You can even make a small model of your invention
* Write a short description of your invention
Who-can join? All middle school students in Hong Kong. So, come on! Join the competition, and get the chance!
The question is: What will be the award for the winners?
The possible answers are:
A:Souvenirs
B:Inventions.
C:Pictures.
D:Money.Sang Lan is a former  member of the national women's gymnastic  team. She hurt herself seriously in a competition at the Goodwill Games held in Long Island, New York in 1998. She has been on a wheelchair since then.
Although she was disabled, Sang Lan believed that she would walk again one day. She kept on exercising all year round, and was sure that she would stand up. When she was in New York, she caught the hearts of Americans. Many people called her "a brave and confident girl". She became an international symbol  of courage and was very popular in the United States.
The brave girl has been a college student in Peking University now. Her dream of going to college has come true.
"'Get up from where you fall' is the most ordinary thing for a gymnast. And it's my motto ." Sang said, "I'll spend my time scientifically and work hard on my studies so as to be a winner in life."
,.
The question is: The accident happened   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:in Beijing
B:in New York
C:in Peking University
D:in EnglandIn Britain, children go to school from Monday to Friday. School usually starts nine o'clock in the morning and finishes at about three o'clock in the afternoon. Most schools ask their students to wear a school uniform.
School always starts with registration. What is registration? Every child going to school each morning and afternoon is recorded  in a special book. The teacher reads out each child's name in turn. On hearing his/her name, the child makes a reply  and the teacher writes in the book. From the book, you can see whether  the child is in school or not.
At 9:10, children go to the meeting place. There they sing songs, listen to a story and pray .
The first lesson begins at 9:20. They have break time from 10:20 to 10:35. During break time, the children have a snack and play games outdoors. After that, they go back in for another lesson until lunch at 12:00. Afternoon lessons begin at 1:10 and end at 3:15, and children go home. They don't have a break in the afternoon.
The question is: When do the children have a snack?
The possible answers are:
A:Before they go to school.
B:After they have afternoon lessons.
C:When they finish their outdoor games.
D:At about half past ten in the morning.Millions of stars are travelling about in space. A few form groups which travel together, but most of them travel alone.
And they travel through a universe which is so large that one star seldom comes near to another. For the most important part each star makes its journey in complete loneliness, like a ship on an empty ocean. The ship will be well over a million miles from its nearest neighbour. From this it is easy to understand why a star seldom finds another anywhere near it.
We believe, however, that some two thousand million years ago, another star wandering  through space, happened to come near our sun just as the sun and the moon raised its tides  on the earth, so this star must have raised tides on the surface of the sun. But they were very different from the small tides that are raised in our oceans; A large tidal  wave must have travelled over the surface of the sun, at last forming a mountain so high that we cannot imagine it. As the cause of the disturbance came nearer, so the mountain rose higher and higher. And before the star began to move away again, its tidal pull had become so powerful that this mountain was torn to pieces and thrown off small parts of itself into space.
These small pieces have been going round the sun ever since. They are the planets.
The question is: Some two thousand years ago, the mountain on the sun was raised probably because   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:the star moved away from the sun
B:another star happened to come near the sun
C:the sun and the moon raised the tides on the earth
D:a large tidal of wave travelled over the surface of the sunFive years ago, Rachel Lopez graduated from college with a degree in history. Today she works for a large software company. Now twenty-seven, Rachel takes classes twice a week after work. She is learning to use the computer program PowerPoint. "I enjoyed college, but my job doesn't use information I learned when I was doing my degree," Rachel says," This course is helping me to do my job better. In the future, I might go back to school and got an MBA. "
In the past, when students graduated from college and got a job, they usually stopped studying. Today, lifelong learning is becoming more common. In the United Stated, people can return to school in their late twenties, thirties, or older to get a higher degree, such as a master's or Ph. D. Like Rachel many more are taking training courses to improve their workplace skills. With many classes now available through the Internet, it is easier for people to get degrees or training by distance learning.
Mayumi Hosoya, who is forty, teaches Japanese at a community college in New York. "Next term, I'll be teaching some of my classes using the Internet. This is new for me," says Mayumi, "At the moment, I am taking a course to learn how to teach this way. " At the same time, Mayumi's seventy-year-old mother and father are taking a distance learning course in Art History. "We love the subject," says Mayumi's father, "and now we can study with people from all over the world. I never thought learning could be this much fun. "
The question is: Mayumi's parents are taking a course   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:the using of the Internet
B:the workplace skills
C:Japanese teaching
D:Art HistoryOne of the most famous movie prizes in the world is the Oscar. Every year in the United States, the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Science   gives Oscars to people who have done well in the movies. There is an Oscar for the best movie of the year, another for the best actor, and Oscars
for doing many other things well in movies.
Oscars are very important because people want to see movies that have won them. They also want to see actors who have won Oscars. This means movies that have won Oscars make a lot of money. The Academy first gave prizes to movies in 1927, but they were not called Oscars then. That happened four years later. Most people think that Oscar was someone famous in the movies, but he wasn't. He was
someone that a woman called Margaret Herrick knew. She worked for the Academy and one day she saw the prize on a table. She said, "He looked like my friend Oscar." From that time on the prizes were called the Oscars.
The question is: The Oscars got their name in   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:1923
B:1927
C:1928
D:1931It is well-known that it will take travelers only 48 hours by train to go from Beijing to Lhasa, the capital of west China's Tibet on July 1 this year. Travelers can enjoy the beautiful views during the 48 hour train ride.
The new railway line will be controlled by the Beijing' s West Railway Station from July 1, 2006. The most important part of the line, the Qinghai-Tibet Railway, has been completed.
The Qinghai-Tibet part of the railway is the world's highest railway. About 960 kilometers of the train tracks are 4,000 meters above sea level. The highest parts reach 5,072 meters.
The railway is the world' s longest plateau railroad which is 1,956 kilometers long, from Qinghai's capital Xining to Lhasa in Tibet. The Golmud-Lhasa part is 1,142 kilometers long and goes across the Kunlun and Tanggula mountain ranges.
The trains running on the Qinghai-Tibet Railway have very good conditions. If the passengers feel hard to breathe, they will be provided with oxygen masks, because all of the trains have oxygen supplying equipments.
The question is: The best title of the passage is   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:Travel from Beijing to Lhasa
B:Qinghai-Tibet Railway
C:Train with Best Conditions
D:Well-Known Railway"Look, Mom! What a pretty fish!" said John to his mother.
John's mother asked, "Where did you get it, John?"
"Frank caught it in the river. I went to the river to get some water and saw this little fish. Then I told Frank about the fish, and he ran to get his fishnet  . He put the net into the water, and caught the fish. I put it into this box,"
"Well, what will you do with it?" asked John's mother.
"I will keep it, Mom," replied John.
"But, my boy, it will not live in that box. You should put it back into the river." replied his mother.
John felt sad and said, "I wish I could keep it.  It is so pretty! May I put it into the pond?"
"No, John," said his Mom, "you must put it into the river. A trout   will not live in warm water."
The question is: We may read the article in a   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:Magazine
B:comic book
C:cookbook
D:storybookOn April 14th at 7:49 am, the town of Jyekundo in Kham, was struck   by a 6.9 magnitude earthquake. My family and I were in our 3rd floor apartment building when the earthquake hit. There was a smaller earthquake (around 4.7) that happened around 4 am and neither my wife nor I could get back to sleep. When the big earthquake hit, my wife was using her computer while our younger son Norbu (18 months old) was playing in the living room. Tsering, our older son who is 3 years old, was still asleep in the back bedroom of the 3 bedroom apartment we were living in.
Norbu flew across the room when the earthquake hit. My wife was also thrown to the ground. Everything in our apartment began to be tossed   around, breaking when it hit the walls or floor. I ran to the back bedroom and grabbed   Tsering as my wife grabbed Norbu off the floor. Together, we ran to the door. I stopped long enough to grab my shoes, coat and a bit of money. I opened the door and one of our neighbors helped us carry Tsering down to the ground floor. I was the only one of my family who managed to get shoes.
After the earthquake, we were able to see that this was a major earthquake. We began to hear people crying for help, badly injured people crawling   to the road and people weeping   for loved ones who had died.
The question is: What was Tsering doing when the big earthquake hit?
The possible answers are:
A:He was using the computer.
B:He was playing in the living room.
C:He was sleeping in the back bedroom.
D:He was crying for help.Do you like drinking Coke? As a symbol of American culture, Coca-Cola is liked by many people, especially young people all around the world. But from now on, perhaps it will be hard for students in the US to get it on campus. A new agreement will end almost all sales of high-sugar fizzy drinks in US schools. The agreement allows only unsweetened juice, low-fat milk and water in primary and middle school vending machines and cafeterias. Former American president Bill Clinton helped the American Heart Association and the beverage industry  to come up with the agreement. He suffered from a weight problem and has had a heart operation since leaving the White House. He takes the agreement as "a bold step forward in the struggle to help 35 million young people lead healthier lives".
Rising childhood obesity has become a big problem in America. A federal report noted that obesity has _ among teenagers in the past 25 years. It called for new limits on the marketing of junk food to children. Soda is a particular target because of its caloric content and popularity among children.
Britain has already taken similar steps to fight obesity. A recent study shows that people in the UK are much healthier than the people in the US. However, it's better late than never. Now American schools are trying to make new rules to guide the students to choose healthy drinks. American schools say goodbye to Coca-Cola.
The question is: What is the writer's attitude towards limits on junk food?
The possible answers are:
A:Positive.
B:Neutral.
C:Negative.
D:Unclear.Once upon a time, a young man was standing in the middle of the town announcing that he had the most beautiful heart in the world. A large crowd gathered, and they al praised his heart for it was perfect.
Suddenly, an old man appeared and said, "Why ,your heart is not as beautiful as mine."
The old man's heart was ful of scars . Some pieces of his heart were removed and some pieces from other people were put in, but they didn't fit quite right. So there were several jagged edges. In fact, there were stil some holes in his heart where the pieces were missing.
The  young  man  laughed,"Comparing yours with mine, mine is perfect and yours is a mess."
"Yes,"said the old man. "But, every scar shows that I took out a piece of my heart and gave it to a person, and often he gave me a piece of his heart in return."
"Why do you have some jagged edges in your heart?"asked the young man."Because the shapes of the pieces weren't the same.""Then the holes?""Sometimes I gave pieces of my heart away, and the other person hasn't given back a piece of his, so ... but I don't care.""How come?""They remind me of the love we shared."
The young man was deeply moved. He walked up to the old man, took a piece of his heart out and gave it to the old man.
The old man placed it in his heart, then took a piece from his old scarred heart and placed it in the wound in the young man's heart. It fitted, but not perfectly, as there were some jagged edges.
The young man looked at his heart, not perfect any more but more beautiful than ever.
How sad it must be to go through  life  with  a  whole untouched heart!
The question is: The old man said"... but I don't care"means   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:he didn't expect others'return
B:he didn't feel pain
C:he didn't think it serious
D:he cared nothing351 Gardener Street
Los Angeles, CA90031
September 12
Relex Company
37 Pearl Street
Clifton, NJ07013
Dear Sir or Madam:
A year ago I bought a Relex camera second hand. It's a SW 705 model, and it's about five years old. Here's my problem: The light metre was fine when I bought the camera, but now it isn't working and my pictures are coming out too dark. I checked the batteries, and they are still good. I took the camera to some repair shops, but they said they couldn't repair it because the model is too old and they don't have the necessary part.
Do you have the parts for this model in stock? If so, could I send you the camera for repairs? How much would the repairs cost? I'm going to buy your new SW800 model in about six months, but I would still like to fix this old one.
Thank you very much.
Sincerely yours
Sarah H, McDaniel
The question is: How old is Sarah's camera?
The possible answers are:
A:One.
B:Five.
C:Six.
D:About six.A crow   is sitting in a big tree. She has a big piece of meat in her mouth, "My babies will have a nice breakfast," she thinks. An old fox is looking for his breakfast. He sees the crow and the meat, " How can I get that piece of meat? " he thinks.
"Good morning, Mrs. Crow," says the fox. " How are you? "
But the crow doesn't say a word.
"You have very nice babies, Mrs. Crow," says the fox. " How are they? May I see them? "
Still the crow doesn't say a word.
"You are very beautiful, Mrs. Crow. And you have a beautiful voice, too," says the fox. " Would you like to sing a song for me? "
Mrs. Crow thinks, "How nice Mr. Fox is! I must sing a song for him. " So she opens her mouth, at that time, Mrs. Crow drops the meat into the fox's mouth.
The question is: The old fox  _  very much.
The possible answers are:
A:likes the crow and her babies
B:wants to eat the meat
C:wants the crow to sing for him
D:wants to eat the crowZheng He was an amazing man. He was born in 1371. Eleven years later, he was caught by the army of a rich young man called Zhu Di and made to work for him. Over time the rich man saw that Zheng He was very clever and strong and they became close friends. In 1403 Zhu Di was made the King of China and he asked Zheng He to join his government.
The King wanted to learn more about the world and show other countries his power. He ordered many new ships to be built and made Zheng He their leader. between 1405 and 1433, Zheng He led seven sea trips to different parts of the world. He certainly travelled to India, Africa and the Middle East. A few people think his ships have even reached South America and Australia.
Each trip lasted between two and four years and it is believed he sailed more than 50,000 kms during the years of his travels.Zheng He led a fleet with 28,000 men and over 300 ships, such as boats for food, water and even soldiers' horses.
On these trips he brought with him many Chinese goods like silk and medicine to give to foreign kings or to sell for local goods. He returned from each trip with boats filled with expensive things such as gold and treasures, foreign guests and strange animals like a giraffe.
It is a pity that we may never learn everything about Zheng He' s travels. The Columbus of the east, Zheng He, died in 1433. After that, the new king, had these trips stopped and he burned almost all the books about Zheng He's travels, because he believed the trips were unlucky and too expensive. It is only in the last 50 years that historians have begun to carefully study the adventures of great Zheng He.
The question is: What's the best title of this passage?
The possible answers are:
A:The King's Seven Sea Trips
B:Zheng He's Travels to Western Countries
C:Zheng He, the Columbus of the East
D:Zhu Di, the Great KingMy name is Lucy. I come from America. I am now in China.  I study in Hangzhou Shulan Middle School. There are many clubs in our school. They are an English club, an art club, a music club, a ball game club, a swimming club, a chess club and a computer club. There is a "Show Yourselves !" Festival in our school every year. On that day, students from different clubs show their talents in different ways. They can sing English songs, draw and paint beautiful pictures. They can play the guitar, the violin, the piano, and the trumpets. They can also play chess and show us their swimming skills. They like the festival very much.  I join the art club, and I paint the ads  for them . Giving  help makes me happy.
The question is: There are   _   clubs in Hangzhou Shulan Middle School.
The possible answers are:
A:five
B:six
C:seven
D:eightCan 13-year-olds do something to change the world? Cris Kesz Valdez, 13, from the Philippines believes so.
At the age of 7, Valdez set up an organization to give homeless kids things like slippers and toothbrushes. So far he has helped more than 10,000 children improve their lives in his hometown.
Valdez won the 2012 International Children's Peace Prize on September 19, 2012.
"My motto is 'we can change the world one heart at a time,' " Valdez said at the award ceremony.
In fact, Valdez is a homeless kid himself. He looked for food from trash, lived on the streets and slept in a public cemetery for most of his childhood. His parents didn't care about him and often beat him. Valdez said he felt he was living in " _ " at that time.
But this "darkness" didn't turn him into a dark person. Valdez got help from community workers. On his first birthday party, at the age of 7, Valdez decided what he wanted most was to help other children who were still living on the streets.
"I didn't have a lot of money, but I had a lot of love to give," Valdez explained.
That day was the birth of the organization, Championing Community Children. Since then, Valdez and his friends visit homeless children and hand out bags with slippers, toys and even candy. They nurse their wounds, teach them about their rights and offer them hope.
"I want children on the streets to get the same chance as I have," he said.
The question is: It's clear that  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:Valdez likes to sleep in public cemetery
B:Valdez has a lot of love and hope
C:Valdez still looks food from trash
D:Valdez's parents love him very muchA man died and was on his way to another world, either heaven   or hell  . He saw an extremely grand palace half way and the owner of the palace asked him to stay and live in the palace.
The man said, "I have been working hard during my life and now I just want to eat and sleep without any work."
The owner of the palace said, "If so, there is nowhere else better than here for you. There is plenty of seafood and delicacies   in my palace, and you can eat whatever you like without anyone stopping you. And nothing needs to be done by you." Then, the man settled down   in the palace.
At the beginning, the man felt very happy at the cycle of eating and sleeping. But gradually, he felt a bit lonely and void. So he went to the palace owner and said, "It is very bored to live by just eating and sleeping every day. Now I show no interest in this kind of life any more. Could you help me find a job?"
The owner replied, "Sorry, there is no job here at all."
After another several months, the man could not go on with the life and went to the palace owner again, "I really can not stand this kind of life any more. If you do not offer me a job, I would prefer to go to hell instead of living here."
The owner of the palace smiled contemptuously  , "Do you think it is heaven here? It is actually hell!"
,. (10)
The question is: The man saw a really grand palace   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:on his way home
B:on his way to hell
C:on his way to heaven
D:on his way to another world after his deathLike most English children, I learned foreign languages at school. When I made my first visit to the United States, I was sure I could have a nice and easy holiday without any language problem. But how wrong I was!
At the American airport, I was looking for a public telephone to tell my friend Danny that I had arrived. An American asked if he could help me. "Yes," I said, "I want to give my friend a ring."
"Well, that's nice. Are you getting married?" he asked.
"No," I replied, "I just want to tell him I have arrived."
"Oh," he said, "there is a phone downstairs on the first floor."
"But we're on the first floor now," I said.
"Well, I don't know what you are talking about. Maybe you aren't feeling too well after your journey," he said. "Just go and wash up, and you will feel a lot better." And he went off, leaving me wondering where on earth I was: At home we wash up after a meal to get the cups and plates clean. How can I wash up at an airport?
At last we did meet. Danny explained the misunderstanding: Americans say "to give someone a call", but we English say "to give somebody a ring". When we say "to wash your hands", they say "to wash up". And Englishmen start numbering from the ground floor so the first floor is the second for Americans.
The question is: The writer went to America by   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:plane
B:ship
C:bus
D:trainWhy is music so important to children? Here are some of my ideas.
Music has a positive  influence on children's intelligence !
New research  shows that music can offer children an interesting environment. It has a good influence on children's intelligence. Children can learn, understand and think in a logical  way if they study music at an early age.
Playing music with others gives children a feeling of belonging to the group!
Some children might have trouble _ activities with others because they are shy, they have limited  language ability or they don't like doing sports, but they usually feel relaxed when they take part in a music activity. Playing music with others gives children a wonderful feeling of belonging to the group.
Music makes children happy!
Children seem to experience much pleasure in music. Whether they are listening to music, singing along with a song, playing an instrument or dancing to music, they seem totally absorbed(......) in music.
The question is: Which of the following is NOT the reason why some children have trouble participating in activities with others?
The possible answers are:
A:They have poor language ability.
B:They don't like doing sports.
C:They are shy.
D:They don't like music.My name is Becky Smith. I'm eleven years old. I have one brother. His name's Jason and he's fourteen. I don't have any sister. We live with grandma in a small house in Chesterfield, in the north of England. My friends and I often go to the cinema on Saturday. Do you like games? I like football. My favourite team is Manchester Unite . I sometimes play football with my brother. I have seven pets: two birds and five goldfish. I want a dog and a cat, but my parents don't like them.
Do you want to be my penfriend? Please write to me soon.
The question is: The girl lives in  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:a big house
B:The west of England
C:a small house
D:a cinemaA man went to see a doctor."Open your mouth,"the doctor said.Then the man opened his mouth and the doctor looked in quickly.
"It's clear what's wrong with you.You need more exercise,"the doctor said.
"But,doctor,"the man said,"I don't think..."
"Don't tell me what you think,"the doctor said."I am the doctor,not you.I know what you need.I see hundreds of people like you.None of them get any exercise.They sit in offices all day and in front of the television in the evening.What you need is to walk quickly for at least 20 minutes a day."
"Doctor,you don't understand,"the man said."I..."
"I don't want to hear any excuses,"the doctor said."You must find time for exercise.If you don't,you will get fat and have health problems when you are older."
"But I walk every day,"the man said.
"Oh,yes,and I know what kind of walking that is.You walk a few feet to the train station from your house,a few more feet from the station to your office,and a few more feet from your office to a restaurant for lunch and back.That's not real walking.I'm talking about walking in the park for twenty minutes every day."
"Will you listen to me,doctor?"the man shouted,getting angry with this doctor who thought he knew everything."I'm a postman,"the man went on,"and I walk for seven hours every day."
.
The question is: Which of the following is true?
The possible answers are:
A:The postman sent letters on foot.
B:The doctor had a walk in a park every day.
C:The postman lived near a train station.
D:The postman went to see the doctor on foot.A young man worked very hard at his lessons. He was too busy to have a rest. At last, he became ill, so he couldn't go to sleep. Every night, when he went to bed, he closed his eyes and tried to sleep. But he always stayed awake and couldn't fall asleep.
After some days, he decided to see a doctor. "I just can't go to sleep at night. What should I do? Could you please help me?"
"I have a suggestion ,"said the doctor. "Try counting numbers. By the time you reach one thousand, you'll be asleep. I'm sure of it."
The next day the man returned to the doctor's office. "Well," said the doctor, how are you today? Did you try my suggestion?"
The man still looked tired. "Yes," he said, "I tried counting one, two, and three-- up to one thousand. But when I reached five hundred and sixty-nine, I began to feel sleepy. I had to get up and drink some tea so that I could go on counting up to one thousand. But then I still couldn't fall asleep."
The question is: The young man   _   in fact.
The possible answers are:
A:didn't understand the doctor's suggestion
B:wasn't ill at all
C:was not able to count numbers
D:didn't try the doctor's suggestionOnce upon a time, there was a beautiful girl called Cinderella.Her mother died and Cinderella's father had a new wife, who only loved her two ugly daughters.A handsome prince wanted to find a wife and invited all the girls to a dance.The ugly sisters had beautiful clothes but Cinderella stayed at home in the kitchen.A fairy helped Cinderella and used magic to give her pretty clothes and a carriage  to go to the dance, but told her to leave at midnight because the magic would end by then.The prince liked Cinderella a lot and danced with her.Then the clock started ringing 12 p.m.and Cinderella ran out of the hall, leaving one glass shoe behind.
The prince wanted the lovely girl to be his wife.He walked around town with the shoe trying to find her.The ugly sisters wanted to marry the prince and tried to put the shoe on, but their feet were like elephants'.Then the prince asked Cinderella to try.The mother and ugly sisters laughed, but they stopped when the shoe went on Cinderella's foot.The prince made Cinderella his wife, and they lived happily ever after.
The question is: Her clothes were   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:magic
B:very old
C:a present from her sisters
D:a present from her stepmotherLin Xiao, 21, a student at Guangdong University, has a big family - her two parents, a younger brother and two younger sisters. Lin took her role as the "big sister" seriously. When her first sister was born, Lin took turns with her mom holding the baby late into the night. "I almost did everything that was supposed to be a parent's job, but I felt proud of myself," she said.
Not all of Lin's classmates shared her experiences because of the family planning policy  , a law that was carried out in China about forty years ago. But the situation is about to change. A new policy made on October 29 said all couples can now have two children.
The new policy is expected to help raise the population of China. Recently, China has been facing an aging population and labor shortages because of the low birth rate  .
The two-child policy may also be the gift for every only child. Researchers found that growing up with a brother or sister can have good influence on one's mental health.
"Brothers and sisters do matter in unique ways. They give kids something that parents don't." Laura Walker, a professor from Beijing University, told China Daily. She noted that having a brother or a sister protects teenagers against loneliness, fear and so on.
Liu Fang, 20, from Shenzhen University, has a 2-year-younger sister. When her sister disagreed with parents over choosing a college major, she helped her to communicate with parents. "If necessary, I would always have her back," said Liu. "The best part of having a sister is that you have a partner, friend and supporter throughout your life."
But children with brothers or sisters also have to learn to understand and look after each other, said Laura.
The question is: The best title for this article should be   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:Brothers and sisters are good for us.
B:The family planning policy is bad.
C:The two-child policy helps a lot.
D:A new policy was made.Teachers say the digital age has had a good and a not-so-good influence on the American teenagers. More than 2,000 high school teachers took an online survey.
75 percent of the teachers said the Internet and digital search tools have had a "mostly good" use for their students' research habits and skills, But 87 percent agreed that these technologies "make the students not have enough attention." And 64 percent said the technologies "do little to help them in courses."
Judy Buchanan is a director of the National Writing Project. Ms. Buchanan says digital research tools are helping students learn more, and learn faster. Teachers really like these tools, because they are ways to make some of learning exciting. Young people enjoy using these tools. And the goal is to help them become creative students of meaningful work, and not just that kind of copyist.
But one problem the survey found is that many students don't have a good understanding of how to use the digital knowledge well. In other words, they trust  too much of the information. Judy Buchanan says these students have not developed the skills they need to tell whether the online information is good or bad.
Another problem the survey found is something that might not seem like a problem, at all, being-able to quickly find information online. Teachers say the ability of their students to work hard to find answers is becoming weaker. They say students depend too much on search engines   and do not make enough use, of printed books or research, librarians.
Besides, many teachers are also worried about the problem that the Internet makes it easy for students to copy work done by others, instead of using their own abilities.
The question is: How many problems are mentioned   in the passage'?
The possible answers are:
A:One
B:Two.
C:Three.
D:Four.Can you swim well? Are you free on Saturday and Sunday? Our club needs a swimming teacher to teach children  from 8 to 10 years old. It is interesting to be with them. Please call Leo at 5968-4437.
Are you busy after school? No? Can you speak English? Yes? Then we need you to help some American students. They study in Beijing. They can't speak Chinese now. They are _ and you can make friends with them. Please email Mr. Liu at helpingus@gmail.com.
Can you play the guitar or the drums? Do you have time this Wednesday? Our music club will have a party that day and we need you to join us. It is fun. Please call Sam at 235-1143.
The question is: If  you want to teach in the swimming club, you can  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:call at 235-1143
B:have some children
C:have time on the weekend
D:be an interesting teacherDo animals have a culture? What do we mean by "culture"? Lately social scientists have begun to ask if culture is found just in humans, or if some animals have a culture too. When we speak of culture, we mean a way of life a group of people have in common. Culture includes the beliefs and attitudes we learn. It is the patterns of behavior that help people to live together. It is also the patterns of behavior that make one group of people different from another group.
Our culture lets us make up for having lost out strength, claws, long teeth, and other defenses. Instead we use tools, cooperate with one another, and communicate with language. But these aspects of human behavior, or "culture", can also be found in the lives of certain animals. Animals can make tools, for example. We used to think that the ability to use tools was the dividing line between human beings and other animals. Lately, however, we have found that this is not the case. Chimpanzees can not only use tools but actually make tools themselves. Animals can also share knowledge with each other and use their own language to communicate. So it may be important for us to know that the line dividing us from animals is not as clear as we used to think.
The question is: The main idea of the passage is   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:chimpanzees can learn to use sign language to make sentences
B:other animals can invent tools
C:knowledge and communication are no longer signs of only human behavior
D:the line dividing human culture from animal culture is not as clear as we might thinkThe Save the Children Fund is known as Save the Children. It is an internationally organization that protects children's rights and helps support children in developing countries. It was set up in the United Kingdom in 1919 in order to improve the lives of children through better education, health care, and economic chances, it also provides food and water for the children in natural disasters, war, and other serious situations.
Except for the UK organization, there are 30 other national Save the Children organizations who are members of Save the Children International, a global network of charity organizations supporting local partners in over 120 countries around the world.
Save the Children helps the local government change so that it can help young people get more rights, it works very well, especially with the support from the UN. Save the Children joins all the members' efforts to protect children from the effects of war.
The question is: Which charity is Save the Children like?
The possible answers are:
A:Oxfam
B:ORBIS
C:UNICEF
D:Spring Bud ProjectToday there are 6.4 billion people on the earth. By the year 2050 there may be 12.5 billion . There are a lot of people to feed. We need more and more food.
One way to produce more food is growing stronger plants. For thousands of years, farmers have made plants better. Every season, they pick the best plants for the next season. It works very slowly. Since 1983, scientists have been able to change plants more quickly by changing their genetic  material. Foods from plants grown in this way are called genetically modified  foods, or GM foods
By changing the genetic material of a plant, it is possible to make new plants. They make plants which are strong against plant diseases. They can also help in our diseases; a kind of rice is being prepared , for example , which stops people becoming blind.
Rich countries produce GM foods because they are easy to grow and bring in more money. Poor countries are interested in them because they help produce more food.
GM plants are not natural. No one knows how good or bad they are,. Making GM foods is only one way of feeding people in 2050. There are strong feelings against them, because they are unnatural. They may feed people , then hurt them or their children later. But both rich and poor countries are interested in their use, and they are not going to go away. In 2050, we may think differently about them.
The question is: GM foods are made by   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:farmers
B:workers
C:scientists
D:plantsMy father is seventy-five years old this year. But he looks very young. He looks like a sixty-year-old man. Now he can do everything all by himself. For example, he cooks, washes clothes, does the housework and so on.
Every morning, my father goes out with a radio. He listens to the music or the news and goes to the park to play taijiquan. In the park, he talks and laughs with other old people. After coming back from the park, he begins to have breakfast and then he goes to the university   for the old. He learns drawing there. In the afternoon, he plays on the computer for about one or two hours. After supper he watches TV and learns about the world. He goes to bed at about eight o'clock. He never stays up. He likes to share his ways of keeping healthy with others.
Are you healthy? If not, what do you learn from my father's secret of keeping healthy?
,.
The question is: The writer's father  _  after breakfast.
The possible answers are:
A:listens to music
B:plays taijiquan
C:talks to other old people
D:goes to learn drawingBamboo is one of nature's most surprising plants.Many people call this plant a tree,but it is a kind of grass.
Like other kinds of grass,a bamboo plant may be cut very low to the ground,but it will grow back very quickly.A Japanese scientist reported one bamboo plant which grew 1.5 meters in 24 hours ! Bamboo grows almost everywhere in the world except Europe.There are more than 1,000 kinds of bamboo.
Not all bamboo looks the same.Some bamboo plants are very thin.They may only grow to be a few centimeters wide while others may grow to more than 3 0 centimeters across.This plant also comes in different colors,from yellow to black to green.
Bamboo has been used to make things such as hats and kitchen tools.Because it is strong, bamboo is also used to build buildings.
Many Asian countries have used bamboo for hundreds of years.They often use bamboo for buildings and supporting new buildings and bridges while they are being built.
In Africa ,poor farmers are taught how to find water using bamboo.These African countries need cheap way to find water because they have no money ,and their fields often die from no rain and no water.Bamboo pipes help poor farmers bring water to their fields without spending a lot of money.
The question is: How is bamboo like grass?
The possible answers are:
A:It grows quickly.
B:It's wood.
C:It is easy to cut.
D:It is very thin.One morning, Bill said he was ill. His mother called a taxi and took him to the doctor. The doctor asked Bill, "What's the matter, young man?" Bill answered, "I'm feeling sick. I'm coughing  and having a headache . I won't be able to go to school today, I'm afraid." The doctor looked him over carefully, and then asked his mother, "What did he have for breakfast?" His mother said, "He had four pieces of dread, two eggs, a bottle of milk and an orange." The doctor smiled, "Don't worry. It's nothing serious. The boy will be all right after the football match." The mother said, "I don't understand, Doctor." The doctor smiled again," This afternoon, the biggest football game of the year will be on TV. Your boy doesn't want to miss it. I think he will be fine after the game. You wait and see."
The question is: Bill had   _   for his breakfast.
The possible answers are:
A:nothing
B:four eggs
C:a lot of food
D:just a littleJack and Mike are on holiday in France. Mike loves visiting old building. So does Jack.
In the village Jack and Mike see a beautiful old church  , but when they come into the church, some people are there. They don't know what the people are doing.
"Oh! Just sit quietly  , and act like the others!"Mike says. Because they don't really know French, so they stand, kneel and sit to follow other people.
At that time, the priest   says something. And the man who sits next to Jack and Mike stands up.
"We should stand up, too!"Jack whispers to Mike.
So, Jack and Mike walk to the priest. "What's so funny?"Jack asks in English.
With a smile on his face the priest says, "Boys, there is a newbaby born, we ask the father to stand up."
Mike shakes his head. He smiles and says, "We should understand what people do before we act like them!"
The question is: The man next to Jack and Mike stands up because   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:he is the baby's father
B:all the people laugh
C:Jack and Mike stand up
D:he knows FrenchNancy is an eight-year-old girl. She has a beautiful yellow cat, Mimi. Mimi has six new kittens  . Three kittens are black, and two are white. One kitten is black, but it has white feet and a white face. Nancy
asks, "Mom, can we keep   all the kittens?" "We can't keep six kittens," she says, "When the kitten are three months old, we will _ 
them _ ."
Nancy asks, "Can I keep one?" Her mom says yes. Nancy decides   to keep the kitten with white feet. She calls  it Boots. When the other five kittens are three months old, Nancy's mom takes pictures of them. On Monday, Nancy takes the pictures to school. She shows   the pictures to her friends. All her friends love the kittens. They come to her house that afternoon. They take all the five kittens except   Boots.
The question is: How old are the kittens when they leave their mother?
The possible answers are:
A:Six moths old.
B:Eight years old.
C:Eleven months old.
D:Three months old.The children often play soccer in the garden .Sometimes they break  Mrs. Smith's windows.
One afternoon , Mrs. Smith is reading a newspaper at home.After a short time, she closes her eyes and goes to _ At that time a little boy knocks  at the door.Mrs. Smith opens the door and asks, "Do you break my windows again ?" "Oh, no", says the boy." Your windows are open this time and our soccer is in your room.Can I get it back, please?"
,.
The question is: The children's soccer is   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:in the garden
B:in the window
C:in Mrs. Smith's room
D:Mrs. SmithGood morning, class!
We know that there are too many net bars around us. The Internet is popular and it makes our lives colorful. Many of us like going online very much because we can learn how to use the computer and get more information from the Internet. We can learn English. We can read some good newspapers and magazines. It can make us clever in playing computer games. We can send E-mails to our friends quickly. We can chat  freely online with our friends. It can help us get in touch with people from all over the world.
But some students spend too much time in playing computer game and some stay in the net bars all day and all night. Teenagers even get to have boyfriends or girlfriends online. They write too many letters to each other. It takes them to much time to chat online so they do worse and worse in their lessons and they don't study well any more. I think we mustn't get online when it is time for us to study. We can do it in summer or winter holidays. We should get online with adults --our teacher or parents.
At the same time, if we have lots of free time, we can do some out-of-class activities at school. We usually have activities from 4:50 to 5:50 in the afternoon. We have different kinds of activities. If you are interested in sports, you can play basketball or football. We can go to the English Corner. We can practice talking in English there. We hope we can spend more time on our subjects or on such activities that we can learn a lot from and less time on the Internet.
Thank you for listening to me. That's all.
The question is: The short passage is about   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:going online
B:how to communicate with others
C:how to spend our free time
D:different kinds of activitiesThe morning was cold and clear. A yellow bus came around the corner and stopped near a wood  . A coach asked the students to get off the bus. Girls began to gather by the starting line. One of them is a young, little girl. She had prepared for this running race for the whole summer. She looked around at the other girls, noticing how she was different.
There was a break in the silence, and everyone started to run. After about twenty-five minutes, every runner finished the race except the girl. She was still running for the next forty minutes. As she came near the finishing line, she saw her parents, classmates and the coach. They shouted her name and told her not to stop until the end. The sweat   was flowing down her face.
She kept on running until she crossed the line. I was that girl, and that was the first time I had finished a cross-country race  . Finishing this race made me realize that I could do anything with my own strength. After that, I took more hard work to practice running. I was not a natural-born runner, but I want to become one. I continued to struggle   with every run. Now I run much faster than before and become more and more confident. I am so thankful for running because it has helped make me who I am today.
The question is: The writer finished her first cross-country race in about   _  minutes.
The possible answers are:
A:20
B:25
C:40
D:65Where did that number come from?
Eleven and Twelve
The reason behind the change in number naming is that eleven comes from the German term ainlif, which translates to "one left". Twelve follows the same rule. It comes from twalif--"two left". Why teen is used instead of lif for 13 through 19? There is something sadly lost in history.
911 for US Emergency   Calls
Early phones didn't use phone numbers--the operator had to connect your call by hand--and this led to the need for an emergency code  . But later phone numbers became popular, that changed. In 1967, 911 was chosen as the nationwide emergency call because it was easy to  remember and could be quickly dialed   on the phone.
26.2 Miles in a Marathon  
The story began with an ancient Greek soldier carrying message from a battlefield   in Marathon to Athens. The modern marathon was born as a flagship event in the first Olympic Games, in 1896, with a distance   of about 25 miles (40 km), as long as the distance from Marathon to Athens. But race organizers for the 1908 Olympic Games in London wanted to add something special. The race began at Windsor Castle and ended at White City Stadium, with runners finishing only after passing the royal   box. The distance was 26.2 miles (42.1 km). And since 1924 this distance has been kept in marathon.
28 Days in February
Before using the Gregorian calendar that we use today, one of the first Roman calendars had only 304 days and ten months (March through December), with six months of 30 days and four of 31 days. The second king of Rome improved the old calendar. He added 50 days for January and February. To make the new months longer, he took one day from each of the 30-day months, making 56 days to divide between January and February (or 28 days each). Later January was given one more day to add up to 355 days a year, but February still had 28 days. That's how it became the shortest month and it stayed that way ever since.
The question is: How many days were there in each month after the king improved the old calendar?
The possible answers are:
A:28, 29 or 31.
B:28, 30 or 31.
C:28, 29 or 30.
D:29, 30 or 31."ABC"and "Banana Persons"
You may know the English letters A, B and C. But do you know there are people called "ABC"? You may like eating bananas. But do you know there are people called "banana persons"? If you don't know, I will tell you. They are Chinese people like you and me, but they aren't in China.Why do people call them like that?
"ABC" means American-born Chinese. An "ABC" is a Chinese,
but was born in the United States. Sometimes, people also call them
"banana persons". A banana is yellow outside and white inside. So when
a person is a banana, he or she is white (American) inside and yellow (Chinese)
outside.
They are born in America and they live in America for a long time. Even
their nationality  is American. So they think like Americans and do things
like Americans. But they still have Chinese blood . Their parents, grandparents
or even great-grandparents were from China.They all have black eyes and black hair.
So they look like us Chinese people. For example, we all know the famous scientist
C.N.Yang. He is an "ABC" and he is a "banana person". We like him, although 
his nationality isn't Chinese.
The question is: Why do people call an "ABC" a "banana person"?
The possible answers are:
A:They look like Americans but they think like Chinese.
B:They look like Chinese but they think like Americans.
C:They like to eat bananas.
D:They can speak "ABC" very well.I am a middle school student. I like fashionable  clothes. I like wearing a scarf . I like red shirts and I have curly hair. They all look cool. My parents and teachers sometimes ask me not to do so, but I don't mind. These are my own( )things. Don't you think so?
---------Sally
My uncle is 40 years old He works for a magazine . He writes articles  for children. He visits many places and talks with many children.  He thinks children should not watch TV too much and some TV shows are not good for them.
--------Barry
I study in a middle school. I have many rules at school. I can't be late for school,l have to wear a school uniform at school. I can't eat or sing in the classroom. Miss Yang,our English teacher,is very strict with us.
---------- Mona
,.
The question is: From the information above  ,we can know  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:Sally and Mona are workers
B:Sally minds what others think of her
C:Miss Yang is an English teacher
D:Miss Yang isn't strict with her studentsOur school life is very interesting! My friends and I study hard at school. And we are good at our lessons. We are very happy. We have lots of time for our hobbies. My classmates all want to go to different clubs. Helen wants to join  the Reading Club. She loves reading books. The Reading Club meets every Wednesday at three thirty. Lily enjoys dancing. She wants to join the Dancing Club. It meets on Mondays at four thirty. There's also an Art Club. It meets on Fridays at four o'clock. Nick doesn't want to join the Art Club. He doesn't like drawing. He thinks it is too difficult for him . Nick likes playing computer games. He wants to join the Computer Club. It meets every Thursday at three forty-five. Mike loves sports. He wants to join the football team. They play football every Monday at three thirty. I want to join the Music Club. I like listening to music with my friends. The Music Club meets on Tuesday at three fifteen.
,:
The question is: Why doesn't Nick join the Art Club?
The possible answers are:
A:He is busy.
B:He likes sports.
C:He thinks drawing is easy.
D:He thinks drawing is difficult.Peter is eight years old, and he goes to a school near his house. He always goes there and comes home on foot. He usually gets back on time, but last Friday he came home from school late. His mother saw him and said to him, "Why are you late today, Peter?" "My teacher was angry and told me to see the headmaster after class," Peter answered. "To see the headmaster?" his mother asked. "Why did she tell you to see him?" "Because she asked a question in class," Peter said, "And nobody could answer it except me." His mother became angry. "But why did your teacher tell you to see the headmaster then?" she asked. "Because her question was 'Who put the glue   on my chair?'" Peter said.
The question is: How does Peter often go to school?
The possible answers are:
A:By bus.
B:On foot.
C:By car.
D:By water.New York is one of the last large American cities to have some of its policemen on horseback. The New York police have 170 horses working in certain parts of the city. The horses are expensive to feed, but it is even more expensive to look after them. Because the horses must walk on the streets, they need special horseshoes. In fact , they need more than 8,000 of them each year. Every police horse in New York gets new shoes every month. Keeping these shoes in good repair is the job of six blacksmiths. There are only about thirty-five of these blacksmiths in the whole United States.
The cost of shoing a horse is between twenty dollars and thirty-five dollars, and it takes a good blacksmith two or three hours to do the job.
A blacksmith's job is not an easy one. He must be able to shape a shoe from a piece of metal and then fit it to the horse's foot. The blacksmith must bend over all the time when he is fitting the shoe and must hold the weight of the horse's leg while he works. Clearly, a blacksmith must be very storng. But even more important, he must be able to deal with horses---for before the blacksmith can begin his work, he has to get the horse to lift its leg.
One of the blacksmiths in New York is James Corbin. He came to the country from Ireland in 1948. He not only makes horseshoes for the police but also works for a group of horse owners near the city. Corbin became interested in blacksmithing because his father did it, and,as the puts it, "It's a good way to make a living."
The question is: In the reading passage "to shape a shoe" is to  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:fit it on the horse's foot
B:use it for two or three hours
C:make the from of a horseshoe from a piece of metal
D:draw a picture of the shoeJay Chou was born on January 18, 1979, in Taiwan, China. He grew up with his mother, and was a quiet and shy kid. He didn't do well in study, so people thought he would never be successful in life.
As a small child, Jay took a great interest in music. His mother sent him to learn the piano when he was only three years old. He loved it and kept on practicing. When he was in high school, he could play the piano quite well. At the same time, he showed his talent for writing songs.
Before Jay became a singer, he worked as a songwriter. For two years, he spent most of his time writing for singers. Some of them were very famous, like Coco Less and Jacky Cheung. Jay released  his first album  in 2000 and soon he got quite popular.
Now Jay is one of the most famous singers in Asia. However, he is still shy and doesn't speak clearly when he sings or talks, but he has a lot of fans. Most of his fans like him because he is really good at music and never follows  others.
The question is: Jay Chou's mother sent him to learn the piano  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:in 1982
B:when he was in primary school
C:when he was five
D:when he was in high schoolThere are four seasons in China.March, April and May make the spring.June, July and August make the summer season.September, October and November make the autumn season.The rest of months make the winter season.
The Australia seasons are the opposite of ours.When it's spring in China, it is autumn in Australia.
Australia is in the south of the earth.June, July and August are the winter months.The summer is in December, January and February.It's very hot there, too.
Near the North Pole there are two seasons.The winter nights are long.For more than two months you can't see the sun, even at noon.The summer days are long.For more that two months, the sun never sets , and there's no night.
The question is: _  in winter near the North Pole.
The possible answers are:
A:The days are longer than the nights
B:The days are as long as the nights
C:The days are shorter than the nights
D:The nights are shorter than the daysWhen talking about picking a right school, a mother and teacher gave some pieces of advice.
In the latest issue   of Youth magazine, the mother shared the school advice she gave her daughters with young people across the country.
"I've told my daughters many times that I don't want them to choose a name," the mother said. "I don't want them to think, 'Oh, I should go to these top schools.' We live in a country with hundreds of excellent universities. So the first question is: what's going to work for me?"
"When it was time to prepare for picking schools, nobody around me believed I could get into Xiamen University. But through hard work I finally made it," she continued. "So, my second piece of advice is: believe in yourself, no matter what other people might say. Once your goal is set, you only need to try your best to make it come true."
"The last piece of advice is not to be worried even if your dreams don't come true. As I've said above, there are so many good universities out there. So it's important for everybody to understand that you can always find a university that gives you a great education."
The question is: To explain her second piece of advice, the mother gave   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:a story of her daughters
B:a story of her own
C:some different reasons
D:some different ideasAn old lady in a plane had a blanket over her head and she did not want to take it off. The air hostess spoke to her, but the old lady said, "I have never been in a plane before, and I am frightened. I am going to keep this blanket over my head until we are back on the ground again!"
Then the captain came. He said, "Madam, I am the captain of this plane. The weather is fine, there are no clouds in the sky, and everything is going very well." But she continued to hide.
So the captain turned and started to go back. Then the old lady looked out from under the blanket with one eye and said, "I am sorry, young man, but I don't like planes and I am never going to fly again. But I'll say one thing," She continued kindly, "You and your wife keep your plane very clean!"
,,.
The question is: Which is TRUE according to the story?
The possible answers are:
A:The captain's words made the old lady feel better.
B:The old lady was making fun with the captain.
C:The old lady was angry with the captain.
D:The old lady was still worried after hearing what the captain said.Read the suggestions for making an English speech.
a. Looking at and talking to one person in the audience   helps keep you natural, but it feels foolish talking to only one person. Speak to that person as long as 15 seconds and then change another one.
b. The audience have a hard time understanding what they hear. They need your help. Slow down, pause  and guide the audience through your talk. Remember that you should help the audience understand what you are saying.
c. Make your voice a little lower than normal. Listeners like to listen to a relatively  deep voice.
d. When you talk, try to be as natural as possible. Don't try to memorize your words and read or recite  them to your audience. You can use short notes to help you remember the important points.
e. You should know you and most of the people you talk to are different in many ways. Some of them may not know what you are talking about. Then speak to them on their terms and in their languages.
f. Concentrate on what you want to say. If you are always paying attention to gestures ,you will feel uncomfortable.
g. It's true that there are some differences between American English and British English, but they'll not cause much difficulty for listeners, so just speak the way you're used to.
Choose a suggestion for each of the following students according to their problems.
The question is: Amy: When I am talking, I can't help waving my hands, for I think it can help me express what I want to say better. But my classmates say I look funny and foolish by doing this.
The possible answers are:
A:d
B:e
C:f
D:gOctober 21st,2011
Dear Vincent,
I'm a middle school student in Zhejiang , China. My English teacher , Ms.Li gave me your name and address. I want to be your pen friend.
English is my favourite subject.That's why I want to practise English with an American student. I also like art. It's so interesting and useful.I like history, too. Our history teacher always tells us a lot of interesting historical stories. We all have a good time in history classes.
In my free time, I enjoy playing computer games . It's exciting and fun. Do you like it ? I also like to go to the movies. I saw Harry Potter and the DeathlyHallows:Part 1 yesterday. It was a great film.But I don't like sports, so I never enjoy P.E.classes.
How about you? What subjects do you like? What do you look like? What do you want to do when you get older? I hope I can get your letter soon!
Yours,
Zhao Gang
The question is: Who is Vincent?
The possible answers are:
A:Zhao Gang's classmate
B:A middle school student in Zhejiang.
C:An American student
D:Ms Li's studentI have an American friend.Her name is Lily.This is a picture of her new school.Look! There are six floors in the teaching building.There are fifteen classrooms on every floor.In the school,there are 3,200 students and 300 teachers.The teachers' offices are behind the classrooms.The dining hall is next to the teaching building.Lily often has lunch there.After lunch she often has a talk with her friends.In front of the dining hall is a library.It's a good place to read books.
Lily gets to school at 7:40 a.m.The first class begins at 8:00 a.m.She has four lessons in the morning and two in the afternoon.There is a big gym behind the dining hall.After school,Lily likes going swimming there.
The school is big and nice,and Lily likes it very much.
The question is: How many classrooms are there in the teaching building?
The possible answers are:
A:Sixty.
B:Seventy.
C:Eighty.
D:Ninety.What is a museum? A museum is a good place to keep old and beautiful things. A museum may be a place to learn about science and a place to find out about art or people or animals.
What is inside a museum? Some museums have old cars and airplanes. Many museums have pictures and statues . Others have rocks and old bones. One museum even has a real old street inside. It has shops and people's statues doing business. It looks so real that one might feel that he was back to the old time.
Many cities have museums. Some very small towns have museums, too. Indianapolis has a children's museum. Children do not have to pay to get in. Children often go to the museum. They like to look at the dinosaur  bones. They see a white bear ten feet tall.
On Saturdays, Indianapolis children can hear talks about animals and trees. They see movies. They take hikes. They even learn to make things there.
The question is: In Indianapolis   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:there is only one museum for children
B:it's free for children to visit the children's museum
C:people do not have to pay to visit the children's museum
D:museums are all the sameDick was driving a large American car. As soon as the race started, he pulled out in front. As the race went on, he kept the first place. And he was far ahead of Wilson, the man in the second place.
When the race was almost over, some people stood up and left. "Why did stay?" they thought. They were sure they knew who would win.
But things did not go as they thought. A strange noise came from Dick's car. It slowed down. Something was wrong. Dick knew his car would not go far. His only hope was that he would make it to the finish. But on his last lap , the car stopped. Wilson's car roared   by. Dick saw it go by. He knew he could not win now. "But I can finish the race," he thought. And he got out of his car. So did his assistant. They began to push the car to the finish.
Wilson went by them again and again. He was on his last lap. He was going to win. Dick and his friend did not care. They went on pushing.
At first, all eyes were on Wilson. He crossed the line. And the race was over. He won! Dick and his friend pushed on. At last, the car crossed the line. By then all the people shouted for them. They shouted more than they did for Wilson. This was a different kind of winner!
The question is: Which of the following is True according to the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:Dick wanted Wilson to win the race.
B:Both Dick and Wilson are winners.
C:Dick drove his car to the end.
D:Dick drove slower than others at first."Life is speeding up. Everyone is getting unwell."
This may sound like something someone would say today. But in fact, an unknown person who lived in Rome in AD  53 wrote it.
We all love new inventions. They are exciting, amazing and can even change our lives. But have all these developments really improved the quality of our lives?
Picture this. You're rushing to finish your homework on the computer. Your mobile phone rings, a QQ message from your friend appears on the screen, the noise from the television is getting louder and louder. Suddenly the computer goes blank and you lose all your work. Now you have to stay up all night to get it done. How happy do you feel?
Inventions have speeded up our lives so much that they often leave up feeling stressed and tired. Why do you think people who live far away from noisy cities, who have no telephones, no cars, not even any electricity  often seem to be happier? Perhaps because they live simpler lives.
One family in the UK went "back in time" to see what life was like without all the inventions we have today. The grandparents, with their daughter, and grandsons Benjamin, 10 and Thomas, 7, spent nine weeks in a 1940s house. They had no washing machine, microwave , computer or mobile phones.
The grandmother, Lyn, said, "The more things you have, the more difficult life becomes." The boys said they fought less. Probably, they said, because there was less to fight over, such as their computer. Benjamin also noticed that his grandmother had changed from being a "trendy , beer-drinking granny", to one who cooked things.
The question is: The writer uses the quote  at the beginning of the story to   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:tell us a truth about our lives
B:tell us what life was like long time ago
C:point out what causes such a thing to happen
D:point out some problems we will meet in the lifeYou may feel interested in students in other countries. Do they have so much homework? What do they do in their free time? People did a survey in China, Japan, South Korea and the US last year. This is the result.
Who studies the hardest?
Chinese students spend the most time in studying. About half of Chinese students spend more than two hours on their homework every day.
Who sleeps most often in class?
Japanese students fall asleep in class more often. About 45% of them sometimes _ in class. It's 32% in South Korea, 21% in the US and 5% in China.
Who is the most distracted ?
American students are the most active in class, but also the most distracted. 64.2% of them chat with friends in class. 46.9% of them eat something in class, and 38.9 % of them send e-mails or read other books in class.
What do they do after school?
In their free time, most Chinese students study or surf the Internet. Most American students hang out with their friends. Most Japanese students do exercise. Most South Korean students watch TV.
The question is: Most American students   _   in class.
The possible answers are:
A:chat with friends
B:play games
C:eat something
D:send e-mailsHe was 11 years old and went fishing every chance he got from the dock at his family's cabin on an island in the middle of a New Hampshire lake.
On the day before the bass season opened, he and his father were fishing early in the evening, catching sunfish and perch with worms. Then he tied on a small silver lure and practiced casting. The lure struck the water and caused colored ripples in the sunset, then silver ripples as the moon rose over the lake.
When his pole doubled over, he knew something huge was on the other end. Finally, he very gingerly lifted the exhausted fish from the water. It was the largest one he had ever seen, but it was a perch . The boy and his father looked at the handsome fish. Then the father lit a match  and looked at his watch. It was 10 P.M.--- two hours before the season opened. He looked at the fish, then at the boy.
"You'll have to put it back, son," he said.
"Dad!" cried the boy.
"There will be other fish," said his father.
"Not as big as this one," cried the boy.
He looked around the lake. No other fishermen or boats were anywhere around in the moonlight. He looked again at his father. Even though no one had seen them, nor could anyone ever know what time he caught the fish, the boy could know everything by his father's clear voice that the decision could not be changed. He slowly worked the hook  out of the lip of the huge bass and lowered it into the black water.
The creature swished its powerful body and disappeared. The boy suspected that he would never again see such a great fish.
That was 34 years ago. Today, the boy is a successful architect in New York City. His father's cabin is still there on the island in the middle of the lake. He takes his own son and daughters fishing from the same dock.
He was right. He has never again caught such a magnificent fish as the one he landed that night long ago. But he does see that same fish---again and again---every time he comes up against a question of ethics .
The question is: Which word can not be used to describe the boy's father?
The possible answers are:
A:honest
B:unselfish
C:serious
D:generousMr Green has a car. In the morning he takes his children to school in his car. Then he drives to work. Mr Green and his children do not have lunch at home, but Mrs Green does. She does not go to work. She stays at home and does some shopping and cleaning in the morning. In the afternoon she usually goes to see some of her friends, has tea and talks a lot with them. Then she cooks supper for her family. Mr Green comes back home much later than his children. They do not come back in their father's car. They take a bus home. They usually come back home before five.
The question is: Mr Green's children usually go to school   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:on foot
B:by car
C:by bus
D:by trainIf you find it, please call Sam at 385-0926
Many thanks.
Titanic 3D
Saturday and Sunday
Showtime Cinema
$20(half for children under 12)
Call David at 332-5147
BOOK SALE
A Christmas Carol
--by Charles Diukans
A story of Christmas
The true meaning of Christmas
was $59.60
now $29.60
HOUSE FOR RENT
2 sunny bedrooms with a kitchen
$500 a month
Call Mary at 591-3127 for more
information
The question is: Who lost a white cat with two big blue eyes?
The possible answers are:
A:Sam.
B:David.
C:Mary.
D:Charles.It was the Greek shopkeeper who taught me about the power of being kind.
In 2008, I left Spain to study alone in London. My parents had to bring up  my three younger sisters and two younger brothers, so I found three part-time jobs to pay for my studies. I worked early mornings and late nights, so I was tired, really tired, all the time.
Unluckily, I got a cold and had a very high fever. Because I was new in London, I had no friends. Besides, I was too shy to talk with others and ask others for help. After sleeping on the bed for two days, I went out to get some food. Usually, I went to the supermarket, but this time I went into the Greek shop, a small corner shop, because it was closer.
I picked up some food and gave it to the shopkeeper, who asked me, 'You look terrible, my boy! You are not feeling well, right?'
I said YES in a low voice.
She pointed at the salami   and bread I was buying and offered, 'I can make you a sandwich, so you don't have to do it yourself.'
I nodded without saying a word.
So, she made the sandwich and asked me to wait a moment. She went into the back room and came again with a bowl of hot soup.
'It will warm you up,' she said with a friendly smile.
What really warmed me up was not the soup. It was her smile that told me she cared me. Her kindness  made me think of my mother.
I was quite shy, but from that day on, I did not let shyness stop me from talking with and being kind to others. Now I work in a children's hospital in Africa. I love my work and people around me. I always bring my smile and kindness to them.
The question is: What can we learn about the writer and his family?
The possible answers are:
A:His parents could not pay for his studies.
B:There are five kids in his family.
C:The writer is the youngest child in the family.
D:In 2008 the writer left London to study in Spain.My name is Lucy Smith.Lucy is my first name.Smith is my last name.I'm 13.My favorite color is purple.I'm in No.1 Middle School.I'm in Class2,Grade 7.
Kathy is my friend.She is 12.Her favorite color is blue.She is in my class,too.She is a good girl.Her telephone number is 828-6785.
Mr. Black is my English teacher.He is English.I often  ask him for help.I often call him at 843-0018.Helen is his daughter.She is in China now.Her favorite color is red.Kathy and I are her friends.We all like her.
The question is: Kathy is in   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:Class1,Grade7
B:Class2,Grade7
C:Class1,Grade2
D:Class2,Grade1How much pocket money do you get from your parents every month--200 yuan?
Some may need more to buy birthday presents, ice cream or cartoon books.But for Li Hong,30 yuan each month is enough. The only thing she buys is lunch--1.5yuan each day."My favorite is noodles and rice." Said Li."But meat is too expensive for me."Li,14,is a student of Grade Eight. Her parents are migrant workers .They first came to Chongqing from a village in Henan two years ago.Her father now works as a cleaner and gets 500 yuan every month. Her mother has no job.Every day,Li gets up at 5:30 am and walks 50 minutes to get to school. She studies hard ,and even reads books during breaks! Her favorite subject is computer."I'm learning typing now. I hope to be the fastest in my class,"said Li. Like many teens, Li has lots of homework--- usually at last one hour every day. But that is not all he work. During the week she helps her mum cook. On weekends, she helps  wash clothes. "I could cook when I was eight. Father said sometimes I cooked better than mum."
Li said she wanted to be a doctor when she grew up. "I wacth TV and find out
There are many  people with AIDS in Henan. Some are kids.I really want to help them."Said Li.
But she is afraid of having to leave school.Li didn't go to school at the age of 12 one year because her family had no money to send her.This year, the school didn't ask her to pay the 600 yuan fees  because her family is too poor."I hope I will always be in school,"said Li."Dad works hard to get money.I have promised him I will study hard to be a good student and a good doctor in the
future."
The question is: What does Li Hong's father do?
The possible answers are:
A:A housewife
B:A cleaner
C:A doctor
D:A workerIt's seven thirty in the morning. The students are coming into the classroom. A girl is opening the windows. Some of the students are laughing and talking. Some others are listening to them. Some are
reading books. Some are doing their homework. Miss Zhao is standing behind the teacher's desks. She is writing on the blackboard. Sue and Lily are wearing their new dresses today. Ann is cleaning her desk. Mike is helping her. They all look happy. What are Bill and Jim doing? Oh, dear! They are still playing basketball on the playground.
The question is: How many students are playing basketball now?
The possible answers are:
A:One
B:Two
C:Many
D:We don't knowMy name is Daniel. Let me talk about my day. I get up at 6:30 a.m. and I read English for about half an hour. I eat breakfast at about 7:10 a.m. I go to school by bus at about 7:40 a.m. My school starts at 8:20 a.m. In the morning, I have three lessons. I like English best. At 11:20 a.m., we have lunch at school. After lunch, on Monday and Thursday, I go to the school library. On Tuesday and Friday, I go to the art room. And on Wednesday, I go to English Club. We have our class at 2:30 p.m., and we only have two lessons in the afternoon. School is over at 4:00 p.m. We can go home on the school bus. We always have a good time at school.
The question is: When does Daniel get up?
The possible answers are:
A:At 6:30 a.m.
B:At 6:50 a.m.
C:At 7:10 a.m.
D:At 7:40 a.m.Reading is a good habit, but the problem is, there's too much to read these days, and too little time to read every word of it. There are hundreds of skills to help you read more in less time. Here are two skills that I think are very good.
Preview -- if it's long and hard. Previewing is very useful for getting a general idea of heavy reading like long magazine articles and science reports.
Here is how to preview.
*Read the first two paragraphs and the last two paragraphs carefully.
*Then read only the first sentence of the other paragraphs.
Previewing doesn't give you all the details. It tells you not to spend time on things you don't really want or need to read.
Skim -- if it's short and simple. Skimming is a good way to get a general idea of light reading, like popular magazines or the sports of your daily paper.
Here's how to skim.
*Get your eyes to move fast. Sweep them across each line.
*Pick up only a few key words in each line.
Everybody skims differently. You and I may not pick up the same words when we skim the same piece, but perhaps we'll get the same idea of what it's all about.
The question is: What should we do when we read a science report?
The possible answers are:
A:Read the first two paragraphs and the last two paragraphs carefully.
B:Spend a lot of time reading the details.
C:Read the first and the last sentences of each paragraph.
D:Pick up only a few key words in each line.Most people have jobs. They go to work nearly every day. Some people are lucky, because they have very interesting jobs. Some people must take a long time to learn how to do their jobs. For example, to be a doctor, one should study for at least five years.
Some young people have very interesting and high-paying jobs. Many young athletes are very successful. Football and tennis players are usually under 35 years old, for older people can't play these sports very well. They can't move fast enough. Golf, however, is a good sport for older people. Many golf players are quite old, but they can still play golf very well.
Most people work until they are about 60 years old. Then they _ and have a lot of free time. Some people never retire. These people usually have interesting jobs. Writers, artists, scientists and actors usually work till they are very old.
,.
The question is: Which of the following is NOT true?
The possible answers are:
A:Some people have interesting jobs, but some don't.
B:People usually stop working when they are about 60 years old.
C:Football and tennis players can work as long as they like.
D:According to the passage, writers, artists and doctors have interesting jobs.Why is 2004 a special year? Because it is a Leap Year  .
What's so special about that? Well, we have a Leap Year every four years. And it has 366 days, not the usual   365. In a Leap Year, we have 29 days in February, while in a usual year we have only 28 days.
Why do we have a Leap Year? We have a Leap Year so we can keep the calendar   in step with the seasons. The calendar is a kind of clock for the year. But how long is a year? A calendar year is 365 days. But a true year is 365 days, 5 hours, 48 minutes and 46 seconds long. That's the time it takes the earth to go around the sun. So every four years we have one more day, and we put it at the end of February, the shortest month of a year. Then we have a Leap Year.
The question is: Which is the shortest month of the year?
The possible answers are:
A:February
B:March
C:May
D:JuneIt's not easy to be an astronaut's son.Everybody expects you to be special or perfect. I often wonder how my father ever had a son like me. I mean he's so special and so good at everything he does. Even in middle school he was monitor and captain of the football team.
Well, to be honest, I often dream about being some kind of hero or doing something special--like saving a child from a burning building One morning my teacher said there would be a Father's Day writing competition for the whole school."I hope we have a winner right here in my class."
When I got home,I started to think about what to write.My father is an astronaut. No, I wouldn't start like that. That was the way others saw him.How did I see my father?
Hmm...I saw him sitting with me in the dark when I had a terrible dream.I remembered how he hugged me for hours when my dog Spotty was killed by a car. Yes, these were the things I was going to write. To me,he wasn't just a famous astronaut. He was my dad.
My parents and l went to school Thursday night. There were so many people in the big hall! My dad looked at me, and I shrugged .
The third prize was announced and it was not me.1 was relieved and disappointed  at the same time. The second prize was announced. it was me. I went up to the stage and read what I had written,"My father's son".When I finished,Dad put his hand on my shoulder."Son,this is the proudest moment of my life.''
It was the proudest moment of my life, too. Maybe I'll never be a great hero or win a Nobel Prize, but it was enough just to be my father's son.
The question is: The writer felt it  _  to be the son of a famous person.
The possible answers are:
A:1ucky
B:natural
C:hard
D:pleasantOne day , an old man was selling a big elephant . A young man came up to the elephant and began to look at it slowly . The old man went up to him and said in his ear ."Don't say anything about the elephant before I sell it . Then I will give you some meat . ""All right ."said the young man . After the old man sold the elephant , he gave the young man some meat and said :"Now, can you tell me how you see the bad ears of the elephant ?""I didn't find the bad ears ."said the young man ."Then why do you look at it slowly ?"asked the old man . The young man said :"I never see an elephant before, and I want to know what it looks like. "
The question is: The young man looked at the elephant slowly because he   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:liked elephant
B:wanted to buy it
C:didn't see any elephant before
D:wanted to help the old manOn October 31st, 2015, the official Xinhua news agency reported that China would allow two children for every couple. That meant that the country's one-child policy came to an end.
To control the population growth, China started a policy of one child per couple in the 1970s. Why does China decide to relax the policy now?
In fact, China began relaxing the policy in January, 2014, allowing couples to have a second baby if the mother or father was an only child. The change was thought as a major liberalization   of the  family planning of over thirty years. But new figures   in January, 2015 suggested that fewer people than expected would like to have a second baby. Health officials said that there were about 11 million couples  under the new policy. However, only 1 million couples applied   to have a second child. Some couples said, "Two kids? Thanks but no." The influence of one-child policy seems hard to go in a short time.
China's government has said that China will become the country with the most old people in the world in just 15 years, with more than 400 million people over the age of 60. And in the one-child families, when the only child grows up and gets married to another only child, they two have to take care of two old couples, the stress seems really heavy. To solve the problem of the _ population, one-child policy isn't suitable any more, and two-child policy is needed and necessary.
The question is: The official Xinhua news agency reported that China would allow two children forevery couple   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:in 1970
B:in January, 2015
C:in January, 2014
D:on October 31st, 2015Online shopping is growing fast in China, and more and more Chinese are buying books online. At the same time, traditional bookstores are facing new challenges. A bookstore in Beijing is going out of business . All of its books are on sale. Bookstore owner Wang Jian says hot sales of books on the Internet pushed him to change the way he did business.
China has the highest online book buying rate in the world. More than years ago, dangdang.com became the first online bookseller, and now becomes very important in the Chinese online book market.
Facing this challenge, the Xinhua Bookstore also built its online store a few years ago. Zhang Jian, CEO of the Xinhuabookstore.com, says now they are enlarging their online services.
A "price war "is taking shape between traditional bookstores and online bookstores. Faced with the low-cost advantage of online bookstores, traditional ones can do nothing but lower their prices. At the same time, online bookstores are also starting price wars between each other.
Now some traditional bookstores are trying their best to attract buyers in their own way. They exhibit books better and provide  a very relaxed reading environment in the bookstore. Even though, traditional bookstores can hardly compete with some of the advantages of online bookstores, for example 24-hour service.
The question is: What made Wang Jian change the way he did business?
The possible answers are:
A:The small sales of his books.
B:The tiring work of selling books.
C:The high cost of running the bookstore.
D:Competition with other traditional bookstores.How are you and your family going to celebrate Earth Day? It's great day to get outside and ride a bike, but there are other ways you could spend the day. Here are four books. You can learn more about the earth and the animals that make the world a special place to live.
The Busy Beaver, by Nicholas Oldland
Beaver is very busy, and he doesn't always think carefully. As a result, he makes a mess of the forest and ends up in hospital. Finally, he realizes how careless he's been and decides to make things right when he returns to the forest.
Lessons from Mother Earth, by Elaine Mcleod
Five-year-old Tess is visiting her grandmother and, for the first time, she visits the garden. Along the way, Tess's grandmother tells her the rules of the garden, "You must always take good care of our garden. Never throw rubbish around. There is plenty for everyone to share if we don't destroy  the earth." The story is beautifully told as a caring conversation between a child and her grandmother.
Luz See the Light, by Claudia Davila
When Luz's community experiences a series of black-outs  , she quickly comes to understand the need to save energy and find other ways of doing things . With the help of her friends and neighbors, she creates a community garden and park that everyone can use. The book attracts many young readers.
The Lorax, by Dr. Seuss
A young boy learns of the role of the Lorax as protector of the trees, and how his home became polluted. The book contains memorable   of forestry conservation   .
The question is: Which of the following words can best describe Luz?
The possible answers are:
A:Organized.
B:Creative.
C:Beautiful.
D:Unfriendly.Unless we spend money to spot(,) and prevent asteroids  now, one might crash into Earth and destroy life as we know it, say some scientists.
Asteroids are bigger versions of the meteoroids  that race across the night sky. Most orbit the sun far from Earth and don't threaten us. But there are also thousands of asteroids whose orbits put them on a collision course with Earth.
But $500 million worth of new telescopes right now, then spend $10 million a year for the next 25 years to locate most of the space rocks. By the time we spot a fatal one, the scientists say, we'll have a way to change its course.
Is it worth it? Two things experts consider when judging any risk are (i) How likely the event is; (2) How bad the consequences if the event occurs. Experts think an asteroid big enough to destroy lots of life might strike Earth once every 500,000 years. Sounds pretty rare but if one did fall. It would be the end of the world. "If we don't take care of these bid asteroids, they'll take care of us," says one scientist. "it's that simple."
The cure, though, might be worse than the disease. Do we really want fleets(,) of nuclear weapons sitting around on Earth? "the world has less fear from doomsday  rocks than from a great nuclear fleet set against them." Said a New York Times article.
The question is: Which of the following best describes the author's tone in this passage?
The possible answers are:
A:Optimistic
B:Critical
C:Objective
D:ArbitraryZhang Lin is a middle school student. He is a good boy. Uncle Wu lives next to him. Uncle Wu has no child and can't see anything. He works in the factory   near Zhang Lin's school. He goes to work at 7:30 in the morning and comes home at 4:30 in the afternoon. Zhang Lin walks to school at 8:00 in the morning and comes home at the same time as Uncle Wu in the afternoon. On weekdays Zhang Lin gets up early to take Uncle Wu to the factory. After school he takes him home. On Sundays Zhang Lin helps Uncle Wu clean the house and do some cooking. Uncle Wu thanks Zhang Lin very much. He says, "Zhang Lin is a good boy. He is like my son."
The question is: On weekdays, Zhang Lin gets up early to  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:go to school
B:run
C:take Uncle Wu to the factory
D:cookThe Beets were a new couple  . The things in their rooms, such as the television, the computer, the fridge, furniture and so on, were all left by their parents. They only paid some money for their food and clothes. But they tried their best to save money. If they had something important to tell their friends, they always visited them instead of calling them.
One day, it was a quarter past nine. Mr. Beet didn't come back. His wife was a little worried. The supper was cold and she had waited for two hours. She was sitting by the table in the dark room.
Suddenly the woman heard someone coming upstairs. It was her husband's step. She hurried to open the door. In the dark she could hear his deep breathing . As soon as he sat down, she turned on the light and found he looked very tired.
"Why do you come back so late, dear?" asked the woman. "Haven't you caught a bus?"
"Yes, but I didn't take it." "Why not?"
"I ran after it so that I saved two dollars this evening."
"That's great!" the woman said happily. "Run after a taxi next time and you'll save both more time and money."
The question is: The supper was ready at  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:6:15
B:6:30
C:6:45
D:7:15Nobody likes to do chores, especially kids. How can you make your kids get into a good habit of doing their chores? Try making chores fun for them.
Play some music:Music makes everything seem like a party, doesn't it? Play your kids' favorite music and let them dance around while they are doing their chores.
Make it a treasure hunt  : It's a good way when you would like them to clean the house. Let them know that you hide   a $5 bill someplace. If they find it, they can keep it.
Change often:If your kids keep doing the same chores for months, they may feel bored. Teaching them a new task   is fun for both you and the kids. They will feel more grown up when they get a new task.
Do it together:It's never fun to be the only one working and watching everyone else relaxing.
If everyone takes part in doing chores, you will finish them faster and have more fun.
,.
The question is: The article is for  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:schools
B:teachers
C:parents
D:kidsChoose the best answer (,)
I put my carry-on in the luggage compartment , and sat down in my seat.Just before take-off,a line of soldiers came down the aisle  and filled all the empty seats.
After flying for about an hour,an announcement was made that sack lunch  were available for $5.As I reached for my wallet to buy one,I overheard the soldier ask his buddy if he planned to buy lunch."No ,that seems like a lot of money for just a sack lunch.I'll wait till we get to Chicago."His friend agreed.
I looked around at the other soldiers.None were buying lunch.I walked to the back of the plane,and handed the flight attendant a $50 bill."
Take a lunch to all those soldiers."
After we finished eating. I went again to the back of the plane,heading for the restroom.A man stopped me."I saw what you did.I want to be part of it.Here,take this."He handed me $25.
Soon after I returned to my seat,I saw the Flight Captain coming down the aisle.
When he got to my row,he stopped and said,"I want to shake your hand.I was a soldier and I was a military  pilot.Once,someone bought me a lunch.
It was an act of kindness I never forgot."I was embarrassed when applause  was heard from all of the passengers.
Later I walked to the front of the plane so I could stretch my legs.A man who was seated about six rows in front of me reached out his hand,wanting to shake mine.He left another $25 in my hand.
We landed in Chicago,I picked up my belongings.Waiting just inside the airplane door was a man who stopped me and put something in my shirt pocket.Another $25.
Upon entering the terminal ,I saw the soldiers gathering for their trip to their base.I walked over to them and handed them $75."It will take you some time to reach the base.It will be about time for a sandwich.God Bless You."I  said.
These soldiers were giving their all  for our country.I could only give them a couple of meals.It seemed so little.
The question is: The writer received from the other passengers in the end.
The possible answers are:
A:$125
B:$75
C:$50
D:$25Japanese students work very hard, but many are unhappy. They feel heavy pressure from their parents to do well in school. Most students are always being told by their parents to study harder so that they can have a wonderful life. Though this may be a good idea for those very smart students, it can have terrible results for many students because they are not talented enough.
As it is reported, a number of students killed themselves. Others try to get the feelings of taking drugs . Some join the groups of troublemakers and turn to crime . Many of them have tried very hard at school but have failed in the exams and have their parents lose hopes. Such students felt that they are hated by everyone else they meet and they don't want to go to school any longer.
It is surprising that though most Japanese parents are worried about their children, they do not help them in any ways .Many parents feel that they are not able to help their children and it is the teachers' work to help their children. To make matter worse, a lot of parents send their children to those school opening in the evenings and on weekends-- they only help students to pass exams and never teach students any real sense of the world. It is a great surprise that almost three quarters of middle school students have been to such kind of schools. Many Japanese schools usually have rules about everything from the students' hair to their clothes and the things in their bags. Child psychologists  now think that such strict rules are harmful  to the feelings of the students. Almost 40% of the students said that no one had taught them how to get on with others, how to tell right from wrong, how to show love for others, even for their parents.
The question is: What do child psychologists think is harmful to the feelings of children?
The possible answers are:
A:Schools have too much rules about everything.
B:The parents don't help their children.
C:Children can't do well in their school work.
D:Parents send their children to all kinds of school which are opening on weekends.I have a pen pal in Canada. His name is Simon. He lives in Ottawa, Canada. He is twelve years old. He also studies in a middle school.
Simon lives in a happy family. His father is a policeman and his mother is a bank clerk  . Simon and his parents like exercising. They almost exercise every day. Simon's father is tall. He is good at playing basketball. Simon's mother likes playing volleyball.
Simon usually gets up at 6.30 am. He eats his breakfast at home. Then he goes to school. It's kind of far from the school to his home, so he usually has his lunch at school.
Usually, Simon does his homework four times a week. Simon likes watching TV. He usually watches TV for about one hour every day. He goes to bed at nine.
The question is: How many people are there in Simon's family?
The possible answers are:
A:Two.
B:Three.
C:Four.
D:Five.Characters: Sandy, Rose, Jane, Justin, Mrs. Lin
Setting: A middle school
Rose:   Sandy, follow me after class.
(They go to the office together.)
Rose:   You are often absent and your grades are not as good as before. What's happened to you?
Sandy:   No, it's nothing. Thanks for your care.
Rose:  Are you sure? Anyway, if you have any problem, tell me.
(After school, Sandy and Jane are on the way home .)
Jane:  Sandy, I called you yesterday. Your mother told me that you had a part-time job. What's the matter with you?We have to study hard during this year before we take the entrance examination. This year is very important to us.
Sandy:  (Crying) My father has lost his job, and we have no money to pay all the spending.
Jane:  Oh, Sandy, Don't worry. I will help you.
(After the day, Jane decides to tell Rose about Sandy's problem.)
Jane:  Rose, I have to tell you something about Sandy.
Rose:  Jane, you are Sandy's good friend. Do you know what's wrong with Sandy?
Jane:  Eh...I hear that Sandy's father has lost his job, and Sandy has a part-time job...
Rose:  OK, I understand.
(Rose is in the social worker's office)
Rose:  ...I've told you everything about Sandy.
Justin:  I see. I'll manage it as soon as I can.
(In Sandy's home, Mrs. Lin is ill in bed)
Justin:  Mrs. Lin, I understand your feeling, but it's her time to study hard to enter a good senior high school, she can't do a part-time job after class.
Mrs. Lin: I know what you want to tell me. But, in fact, her father hasn't found a job and I ...(Crying) I've been ill in bed several years!
Justin: Don't worry. I can introduce some work I know to her father.
Mrs. Lin: Thank you very much.
The question is: The words in brackets, such as "(They go to the office together.)" tell  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:what the play is about
B:what the writer acts in the play
C:what the characters are saying to each other
D:what the characters are doing and how they are actingOnce there was an old man in a town. He always forgot a lot of things. So his wife always had to say to him, 'Don''t forget this!'
One day he went on a long trip alone. Before he left home, his wife said, 'Now you have all these things. They are what you need for your trip. Take care of your things during the trip.' He went to the station, bought a ticket and got on the train with it.
About half an hour later, the conductor began to see the tickets. He came to the old man and said, 'Will you please show me your ticket?' The old man looked for his ticket in all his pockets, but he could not find it. He was very worried. 'I can't find my ticket. I really bought a ticket before I got on the train.' said the old man.
'I believe you bought a ticket. All right, you don''t have to buy another one, ' said the conductor kindly. ' But how can I know where I'm going? I can't remember my station!' the old man said sadly.
The question is: The conductor  _  the old man.
The possible answers are:
A:didn't believe
B:laughed at
C:believed
D:felt sorry forMr. Hunt was living in a village and he wanted to go to an office one day. He got into his car and drove to the city. He went there without any trouble and stopped in front of the door. He locked his car and started to go into the office, but then he turned around and went back to his car. "I've left my keys in it!" he said to himself. Then he called his wife and said, "Excuse me, but I've locked my keys in my car, please bring your keys to me."
Mrs. Hunt got into their second car and drove thirty kilometers to her husband. But while Mr. Hunt was waiting, he walked around his car and tried the other door. It was not locked. He locked it quickly before his wife arrived.
,.
The question is: It was  _  for Mr. Hunt to drive to the office.
The possible answers are:
A:quite easy
B:a problem
C:interesting
D:difficultThis is a reading room in Kate's school. It is big and very nice. There is a lot of furniture in it. There are twenty desks, eighty chairs and twenty computers. There're some pictures on the wall. They are all of famous people. Some students are in the reading room. They like reading books here. Kate is here too. Her mother is an English teacher at the school and her father is a doctor in the school hospital. They like reading books in the reading room too.
The question is: How many desks are there in the reading room?
The possible answers are:
A:Twenty
B:Sixty
C:Eighty
D:NinetyIn many English homes people eat four meals a day. They have breakfast at any time from seven to nine in the morning. They eat porridge  , eggs and bread and drink tea or coffee for breakfast. Lunch comes at one o'clock. Afternoon tea is from four to five in the afternoon and dinner is at about seven thirty. First they have soup, then they have meat or fish with vegetables. After that, they eat other things, like bananas, oranges or apples. But not all English people eat like that. Some of them have their dinner in the middle of the day. Their meals are breakfast, dinner, tea and supper. And all these meals are very simple .
The question is: For dinner, they don't have   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:soup
B:fish
C:bananas
D:porridgeHave you ever had this moment: you are talking about name? Don't worry! In English, there are special names to replace their real names.
In the US, if you forget someone's name, you can simply say the name John Doe for a man, or Jane Doe for a woman. For example, 'Did you see that boy who was running in the rain?' 'Ah, yes, poor John Doe.'
Also, in US courts ( ), people also use these names. This is to keep the person' s identity  a secret. People use the name so often that there was even a comedy film in 1941 called Meet John Doe.
However in the UK, unknown people are called John Smith. This is because John is one of the most common first names in English. And Smith is the most common family name.
So next time you forget someone's name, you know who to say.
The question is: The story mainly talks about   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:why people sometimes can't remember others' names
B:the name people say when they can't remember someone's real name
C:differences of name use between the UK and the US
D:when people can call people's namesWhen we can see well, we do not think about our eyes often: It is only when we cannot see perfectly that we come to see how important our eyes are.
People who are nearsighted  can only see things that are very close to their eyes. Many people who do a lot of close work, such as writing and reading, become nearsighted. Then they have to wear glasses in order to see distant things clearly.
People who are farsighted face just the opposite problem. They can see things that are far away, but they have difficulty reading a book if they don't hold it at arm's length. If they want to do much reading, they must get glasses too.
Other people do not see clearly because their eyes are not exactly the right shape. This, too, can be corrected by glasses. Some people's eyes become cloudy because of cataracts  . Long ago these people often became blind. Now, however, it is possible to operate on the cataracts and remove them.
When night falls, colors become fainter  to the eyes and finally disappear. After your eyes have grown used to the dark, you can see better if you use the side of your eyes rather than the centers. Sometimes, after dark, you see a small thing to one side of you. It seems to disappear if you turn your head in its direction. This is because when you turn your head, you are looking at the thing too directly. Men on guard duty sometimes think they see something moving to one side of them. When they turn to look straight at it, they cannot see it anymore, and they believe they were mistaken. However, this mistake happens because the center of the eye, which is very sensitive   in daylight, is not as sensitive as the sides of the eye after dark,
The question is: People who are farsighted   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:cannot do a lot of close work without glasses
B:can only see things that are very close to their eyes
C:have the same problem as the nearsighted people
D:have difficulty reading a book if they hold it at arm's lengthSusan wang
I have a best friend. His name is James. He is from the USA. We look _ different! I have blonde hair but he has red hair. I wear glasses but he doesn't. I am short but he is very tall. I'm very outgoing but he is very quiet. However, we both love singing and dancing.
Sam Green
I don't really have a best friend but one of my good friends is Kristi. She is from America. I sometimes call her Kwiti. She is funny and kind. And she really cares about   everyone and almost everything. She became one of my good friends at the age of five.
Mary Smith
My best friend's name is Edna. She comes from Australia. She likes to talk a lot and hardly keeps quiet. Edna has curly brown hair and brown eyes. She always makes me laugh. Also, she sometimes helps me with my homework.
Lisa Brown
I have a best friend from India. Her name is Sinsha. I call her Kuttu. She is short. She has a round face and black eyes. She has long black hair. I can hardly get sad or angry when I'm with her. She often makes me happy.
The question is: Maybe   _   isn't funny.
The possible answers are:
A:Kristi
B:Edna
C:James
D:SinshaAccording lo a new survey . Students' safety has become a big problem .Nearly 50% of students say they are worried about robbery  on the way to and from school.Now in main big cities.in China some schools have taught all unusual lesson: self-protection. Students like this lesson because there are no exams or boring classes. And they can learn how to save lives and know how to stop danger before it really happens.
Chen Haoyu, a teacher at Beijing No 25 Middle School .give young students advice on how to deal with danger
If you are robbed
Keep calm.lf youcan not cry for help or run away.Give the robber your money.Try to remember what the robber looks like and tell the police later. If you are in a traffic accident.
It a car hitsyou. You should remember the car number.If it is a bicycle. Try to call your parents before you let the rider go. This is because you don't know how seriously you are hurt
If it is raining hard and there is lighting.  
Don't stay in high places and stayaway from trees.
When there is a fire.Get away as fast as yon can.Put wet things on your body and try to find an exit.Do not lake the lift.
If someone is drowning 
If you can't swim. don't get into the water. Cry out for help.
Remember that danger is never as far away as you think.Take care of yourself at alI times!
The question is: What will you do if a bicycle hurts you?
The possible answers are:
A:I will remember the bicycle number.
B:I won't let the rider go until I rail my parents.
C:will let the rider go before I call my parents.
D:I will letthe rider go because I know how seriously I am hurt.What do Napoleon, Clinton and Wang Nan have in common? They are all left-handed. Today about 15% of the people are left-handed. But why are people left-handed? The answer is the way the brain   works. The brain has two halves---the right half and the left half. The right half controls   the left side of the body, and the left half controls the right side of the body. So right-handed people have a strong left brain, and the left -handed people have a strong right brain.
The two halves of the brain are about the same size. But each side controls different things. The left side controls language, Maths and logic  . When you remember new words, or when you put things in order, you use your left side.
The right side of the brain controls colour and music. It is also good at recognizing   faces. This does not mean that all artists are left-handed and all accountants   are right-handed. Some right-handers have a strong right brain, and some left-handers have a strong left brain.
The question is: When you are singing, you are using your   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:logic thinking
B:heart
C:right brain
D:left halvesPeter was a small boy. He lived with his parents in a small house near some hills .The people there were all poor .One night it was very dry and windy .When everybody was asleep,Peter suddenly heard some noise .It came out from the kitchen . He got up and walked to the kitchen .He found that the wood beside the stove   was burning .There was no water tap   in the house,so he could not put out   the fire .He shouted loudly to wake up everyone in the house .Then he ran out of his house and knocked on the doors of many houses to wake the people up .They all left their houses quickly .At last the fire was put out by the firemen .Many houses were burnt .But nobody was hurt in the fire .
The question is: Peter knocked on the doors of many houses   _   .
The possible answers are:
A:to wake the people up
B:to get some water
C:to find his classmates
D:to visit themMr. Smith lives in Toronto. He is a doctor. His wife teaches English in a middle school. They have two children, one is a son called Mike and the other is a daughter. She is only three months. Mike loves the baby very much. He often shows her to the guests. He is young and doesn't go to school. He stays at home to help his mother look after the baby.
One day Mike's aunt comes to see the baby. She works in another city and sees the baby foe the first time. Mike shows the baby to his aunt.
"Look at the baby, Aunt;" says Mike, "She's beautiful. I think she looks like me."
"Does she like playing with you?" asks his aunt.
"I don't know," answers the boy, "She can't speak yet."
The question is: The baby is Mike's   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:younger cousin .
B:younger sister
C:younger brother
D:elder brotherNew rules and behaviour standards   for middle school students came out in March. Middle school is going to use a new way to decide who the top students are. The best students won't only have high marks. They will also be kids who don't dye   their hair, smoke or drink. Here are some of the new rules.
Tell the truth. Have you ever copied someone else's work on an exam? Don't do it again! That's not honest. If you have played computer games for two hours in your room, don't tell your parents that you have done homework.
Do more at school. Good students love animals and care for other people. April is Bird-Loving Month in our country. Is your school doing anything to celebrate? You should join! That way, you can learn more about animals and how to protect them. Have you ever quarreled with your teammates when your basketball team lost? Only working together can make your team stronger. Be friendly to the people you are with. Try to think of others, not only yourself.
Be open to new ideas. Have you ever thought that people could live on the moon? Perhaps you'll discover  Earth II someday. Don't look down at anyone. Everyone's ideas are important. You should welcome them, because new ideas make life better for everyone.
Protect yourself. Has someone ever taken money from one of your classmates? Don't let it happen to you. If you have to go home late, you should let your parents know.
Use the Internet carefully. The Internet can be very useful for your studies. But some things on the Internet aren't for kids, so try to look at Web pages that are good for you. You can use the Web for fun or homework.
The question is: The passage tells us how to  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:be top students
B:do more at school
C:care for others
D:use the InternetMrs. Jones is waiting for an important telephone call, but she has no vegetables at home, so she leaves the baby and says to her five-year-old son, "I'm going to the shops, Jimmy, and I'll be back in a few minutes."
While she is out, the telephone rings, and Jimmy answers.
"Hello," says a man. "Is your mother here?"
"No." answers Jimmy.
"Well, when she comes back, tell her Mr. Baker telephones."
"What?" says Jimmy.
"Mr. Baker, write it down B-A-K-E-R."
"How do you make a B," asks Jimmy.
"How do I make B? Listen, little boy, is there anyone else with you? Any brothers or sisters?"
"My brother Billy is here."
"Good, I want to talk to him, please."
"All right." Jimmy takes the telephone to the baby's bed and gives it to Billy. When their mother comes back, she asks, "Does anyone telephone?"
"Yes," says Jimmy, "a man. But he only wants to talk to Billy."
The question is: There is no   _   in Mrs. Jones's house.
The possible answers are:
A:money
B:vegetables
C:milk
D:peopleOnce a man was shipwrecked on a small, lonely island. There was no one living on this island, so he hoped that someone could come to save him. Every day he watched the sea, but no ships ever appeared.
He thought he should do something to save himself. He built a little house out of wood. But one day, he arrived home to find his little house on fire. The smoke rose to the sky. He cried,"God, how could you do this to me?"
Early the next day, however, a ship was coming to the island. It came to save him.
"How did you know I was here?"The man asked these people."We saw your smoke signal ,"they answered.
It is easy to get _ when things are going badly. But we shouldn't lose heart, because hope is at work in our lives. Remember, next time your little house is burning to the ground, it just may bring you better luck.
The question is: Why did the man stay on this island?
The possible answers are:
A:He tried to test his skills to live there.
B:His ship had an accident at sea.
C:He liked the beauty of this island.
D:His friends left him on this island.It's Tuesday today. After four classes in the morning, it's time for lunch. "Boys and girls, do you want to go to the City Book Store with me this afternoon?" Miss Cheng asks. All the students in our class are very happy, because we don't have to have three afternoon classes as usual  . So we answer, "Yes!" "Well, come to the classroom after lunch," Miss Cheng says.
At about 1:30 pm, we take a bus to the City Book Store. We get to the store at 2:00 pm.
In the City Book Store are lots of books, but I can't read   all of them. I only read two books about my favorite subject, history. The books in the store are nice, but they are expensive. I can't afford them.
After two hours, we go to the front door   of the book store. With Miss Cheng's help, some of the students buy some books at a special discount  . Then we take a bus to our school.
The question is: What do we know from the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:Tom doesn't like any subject.
B:Tom's class takes a bus to the City Book Store.
C:Miss Cheng buys some books at a special discount.
D:It takes the students about one hour to get to the store from the school.Mr Black is a football fan. Every morning he goes to work by train. As he has a long trip, he always buys a newspaper. It helps to make the time pass more quickly. One Wednesday morning, Mr Black turned the important football matches. He knew the Football World Cup would be held in his city soon. He decided to go to watch the football game.
While Mr Black was excited to be at the Football World Cup, he was disappointed at the location of his seat. Peering across the stadium through his telescope he saw an empty seat far away and made his way there. Mr Black asked the man in the next seat, "May I sit here?" "Sure," the man replied. "This was my wife's seat. She was a super football fan, and we used to come to the games together all the time until she _ ."
"I am sorry for your loss," Mr Black said. "But I am curious . Why didn't you give the extra  ticket to a friend or a relative?" The man replied, "They are all at the funeral ."
The question is: Why does Mr Black buy a newspaper every morning?
The possible answers are:
A:Only to read sports news.
B:To kill time.
C:To get some change.
D:To relax himself.Do you know more and more Chinese artists have made regular donations to charity or put their efforts  into charity work in China? Here let's know some of them.
Faye Wong and her husband Li Yapeng started the Yan Ran Angel Foundation  for harelipped  children three years ago. It was named after their daughter. Its purpose is to help children under 14 to cure their harelips. The couple donated one million yuan (about $ 133,000) to start the organization.
Cong Fei was born in a poor family. He became a successful singer in Shenzhen. He helped 178 poor students and disabled people for more than 10 years. Before he died of an illness at the age of 37 in 2006, he decided to donate his cornea  to people with eye problems. He helped six people see the world.
Guan Mucun has donated money to Project Hope to help poor students finish primary education. Thirty of these poor students have already finished high school with her support. Guan has also helped with charity work for environment protection, HIV/AIDS prevention, blood donation and "Mother Water".
Guan had an unlucky childhood: her mother died when she was only 10 years old. With the help of the government and her neighbours, she grew up and was successful as a famous singer.
Action star Jackie Chan is a wholehearted supporter of charities including UNICEF, Operation Smile and his own Jackie Chan Charitable Foundation. In 2007, he used much of his spare time to visit the farthest parts of China on his Dragon's Heart Charity Missions. The Dragon's Heart Foundation aims to meet the needs of poor children and the elderly in the hardest-to-reach areas of the country. Chan has made several trips to these poor villages, bringing warm clothing, wheelchairs and school supplies, and helping to build schools.
The question is: What is the passage mainly about?
The possible answers are:
A:Chinese charity work.
B:Charity work of some Chinese artists.
C:Some famous Chinese artists,
D:Organizations started by Chinese artists.Once a man was shipwrecked on a small, lonely island. There was no one living on this island, so he hoped that someone could come to save him. Every day he watched the sea, but no ships ever appeared.
He thought he should do something to save himself. He built a little house out of wood. But one day, he arrived home to find his little house on fire. The smoke rose to the sky. He cried,"God, how could you do this to me?"
Early the next day, however, a ship was coming to the island. It came to save him.
"How did you know I was here?"The man asked these people."We saw your smoke signal ,"they answered.
It is easy to get _ when things are going badly. But we shouldn't lose heart, because hope is at work in our lives. Remember, next time your little house is burning to the ground, it just may bring you better luck.
The question is: Those people found the man because  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:he made a fire as a signal to call help
B:they found some food on this island
C:they saw his little house on the island
D:a fire happened on the islandA man often traveled around and he couldn't buy the seat tickets on the train for his most tours.But he could always find a seat to sit on. His workmates asked him how he could find the seats by accident. "The method is very simple,just your patience."smiled the man. His workmates were puzzled.
One day, one of his workmates was on business with him.The train car was so crowed that they couldn't even find a place to stand on. "Let's find seats to sit on," said the man. "Find seats? Just a joke?" said his workmate."Just follow me," said the man.
They pushed their way through the crowds.The workmate wanted to give up , but the man insisted  . At last,in the 7thcar they found two empty seats .They sat there happily at once. The workmate asked,"How do you know there are seats here?"The man answered ,"I didn't know it at all.But I know most of the passengers are easily cheated by one or two cars of crowed phenomena . Even though they know there are seats, they don't want to crowd among the groups.They think it's not worth doing that."
The method seemed not to be clever enough,but it works. For us, patience will let us have a "seat ticket"life forever.
,.
The question is: What is the best title for the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:A tiring trip.
B:A"seat ticket"life forever.
C:A clever man and his workmate.
D:A way to find empty seats.Mr. and Mrs White have a son and two daughters.  They have a cat and a big house. In front of the house there are some trees and two cars. On weekends they go to the beach . Mr. White works from Tuesday to Friday. Mrs. White works from Tuesday to Saturday. They are teachers. Their students like them very much. There is a gym  near their house. They often go there to watch soccer games because their son's favorite sport is football. Mr. White's favorite sport is table tennis. Their daughters don't like sports. They like to see movies. Their family are very happy.
The question is: Who works on Saturday?
The possible answers are:
A:Mr. and Mrs. White.
B:Mr. White.
C:Mrs. White.
D:No one."Can I see my baby?" the happy new mother asked. When she saw the baby, she was surprised. The baby was born without ears.
As time went by, the baby grew up. There was nothing wrong with his hearing. But some kids laughed at him because he didn't have ears. The baby was very sad, but his parents did nothing but felt sorry for him.
The boy's father talked with a doctor. "Could nothing be done?" the father asked. " I believe I could give him a pair of outer ears, if they could be got." The doctor answered. So they began to look for a person who would like to give his or her ears.
Two years went by. Then the father said, "You are going to the hospital, son. Mother and I have found someone and it will give the ears you need. But it's a secret, "said the father. The operation was very successful. Several years later, he got a good job.
One day, he told his father " But I must know who gave so much to me. I want to do something for him or her." "I am sorry, but I can't tell you." Said the father.
The secret was kept for years, but the day did come. For the boy it was one of the darkest days. He stood with his father over his mother's coffin.
Slowly, the father raised her thick brown hair to show that his mother had no outer ears. "Your mother said she was glad that she never let her hair be cut," he said, "and nobody ever thought she was less beautiful, did they?"
The question is: Why did the kids laugh at the boy?
The possible answers are:
A:Because he heard nothing.
B:Because he had only an ear.
C:Because he had no parents.
D:Because he had no ears.What is a museum? A museum is a good place to keep old and beautiful things. A museum may be a place to learn about science and a place to find out about art or people or animals.
What is inside a museum? Some museums have old cars and airplanes. Many museums have pictures and statues . Others have rocks and old bones. One museum even has a real old street inside. It has shops and people's statues doing business. It looks so real that one might feel that he was back to the old time.
Many cities have museums. Some very small towns have museums, too. Indianapolis has a children's museum. Children do not have to pay to get in. Children often go to the museum. They like to look at the dinosaur  bones. They see a white bear ten feet tall.
On Saturdays, Indianapolis children can hear talks about animals and trees. They see movies. They take hikes. They even learn to make things there.
The question is: People can Not   _   in a museum.
The possible answers are:
A:see movies
B:listen to talks
C:make things
D:play with bearsI'm Sam. My hobby is playing chess --one of the greatest games in the world. My mom taught me how to play when I was 7. She beat  me every time for the first year. But then on my eighth birthday, I won for the first time. I nearly always beat her from then on.
It takes about a day to learn the rules . But if you want to be good, you have to practice for years. You don't need much to play chess--just a chess set  and someone to play with.
Chess sets can be quite cheap, or very expensive. Some people collect chess sets as a hobby, but some prefer playing.
There is a chess club in our school, and we meet every week to play with each other. I'm the best player in the club, and the captain of the school chess team. This year we won the All English Schools' Championship , and I had to go up on stage  in front of the whole school to collect the trophy .
I'm saving up my money to buy a chess computer. It's very expensive, but very good for practice. In that way, I'll always have someone to play with. One day I will be the world chess champion .
,.
The question is: Sam's school has a very good   _   team.
The possible answers are:
A:chess
B:soccer
C:basketball
D:pingpongMost people want their children to be successful in school and a parent's role in that success must be very important. Parents should help children to build their confidence and achievements. Parents should also play the role of a friend as well as a teacher in children's education.
Learning about math or reading isn't the only problem we face in school. Maybe we are having problems with teachers, classmates or other people. At this time we really need a person who is ready to hear what we are thinking. And the person should be you---my dear parents. If we have nobody to talk with, we will have more stress in our school life. Please listen to our worries. It's good for our study and health.
On the other hand, parents can't leave all the problems to the teachers. Although it's their job, even the best and brightest teachers can not take care of every child. We still need personal attention, so the role the parents is to make sure we can get _ . Stay in touch with our homework and the tests. Connect with our teachers regularly to talk about how things are going in our classroom. If we need more help, be active in getting it and work with us.
Nothing helps a child succeed more than a parent. A little willingness from a parent can play a very important role in the children's studies. The more attention parents pay, the more achievements children will make.
The question is: According to the passage,   _   help children most.
The possible answers are:
A:teachers
B:friends
C:parents
D:classmatesMy favorite physicist   is Qian Xuesen. He was born in Shanghai on December 11, 1911. He was a little fat and of medium height. And his eyes were wise. He liked music, art and science  .
He studied the important implementation   plan for the Chinese rocket   and the missile  . He worked very hard for our country. I liked him very much.
Qian Xuesen had famous words: I am very tiny  . It is the Chinese people that are truly great!
Qian Xuesen died on October 31, 2009. I'm very sad to hear the news, and Chinese people are the same as me. He is our hero. We should learn from him and I think I won't forget the great scientist for ever.
The question is: According to the passage, what's Qian Xuesen's hobby?
The possible answers are:
A:He liked playing the piano.
B:He liked piano and science.
C:He like maths, art and science.
D:He liked music, art and science.This is Bruce's Noodle House. We have different kinds of noodles. A large bowl of noodles with mutton  is only 4 dollars, and 3 dollars for a medium  bowl. Each bowl of beef noodles is just 3.5 dollars. And a large bowl of chicken noodles is 2 dollars. Each bowl of pork noodles is just 3.5 dollars. One dollar is for a large bowl of vegetable noodles.
Come and enjoy the delicious noodles here! If you order any meat noodles, fruit is free . If you are too busy to come. Please call us at 2888998, and you will get the food in half an hour. Our Noodle House is open for 24 hours a day, from Monday afternoon to Sunday.
The question is: Tom's family would like two large bowls of chicken noodles and a medium bowl of mutton noodles. They will pay    _   for the food.
The possible answers are:
A:$6
B:$7
C:$5
D:$8Pedro Rossi is happy--he is very,very happy! He won  $500,000! He won the lottery !
Pedro is happy for only a few days. Then he remembers his lottery ticket! He throws it in the garbage _ !
Pedro runs to the garbage can and looks in it. The garbage can is not over there at all!
"The garbage is gone,"his wife says. "The garbage truck  comes in the morning."
The garbage truck takes the garbage can to the garbage dump ! Pedro runs to the dump. He looks for it for two days. But he can't find it.
Pedro lives in town in Brazil. Pedro tells the people in the town,"Look for my lottery ticket at the dump. If you find it,I can give you half the money."
Everyday hundreds of people go to the dump to look for the ticket. Five days later,a man finds it. Pedro gives the man $250,000.
Pedro won $500,000 in the lottery. Now he won only 250,000. But he is not sad. "Before,one man was happy,"Pedro says. "Now two men are happy!"
The question is: Pedro can only get 250,000,but he is very   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:sad
B:happy
C:sorry
D:angryMrs. Brown had a small garden behind her house and in the spring she planted some vegetables in it. She looked after them very carefully, and when the summer came, they looked very nice. One evening Mrs. Brown looked at her vegetables and said, "Tomorrow I am going to pick them and we can eat them." But early the next morning, her son ran into the kitchen and shouted, "Mother, mother! Come quickly! Our neighbor's ducks are in the garden and they are eating our vegetables!" Mrs. Brown ran out, but it was too late. All the vegetables are finished! Mrs. Brown cried, and her neighbor was very sorry, but that was the end of the vegetables. Then a few days before Christmas, the neighbor brought Mrs. Brown a beautiful fat duck. And on it was a piece of paper with the words, "ENJOY YOUR VEGETABLES!"
The question is: Early the next   _   her son ran into the kitchen and shouted.
The possible answers are:
A:morning
B:afternoon
C:evening
D:nightWe send our children to school to prepare them for the time when they will be big and will have to work for themselves.They learn their own language so that they will be able to tell others clearly what they want and what they know,and understand what others tell them.They learn foreign languages in order to be able to understand the people from other countries and make themselves understood.They learn history to know something about human beings they meet every day.What they learn at school is,of course,quite useful,but is that the only reason  why they go to school?
No.There is more in education than just learning facts.We go to school,above all,to learn how to learn,so that when we have left school,we can continue to learn.A man who really knows how to learn will always be successful,because whenever he has to do something new,he will quickly teach himself how to do it in the best way.The uneducated person,on the other hand,is either unable to do something new,or does it badly.So the purpose of school is not just to teach the students these useful subjects but teach the way to learn.
The question is: The main idea of the text is that  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:children must go to school
B:the subjects at school are useful
C:parents should send their children to school
D:children should be taught not only to learn but how to learnPeople like to read or listen to stories, especially children. After reading, some children wish to be writers some day. They want to write stories or books for people to read. That's good! It's good to write something for people to read! But they should know that they need to be good readers first before they are really good writers. They should read a lot of books. Instead of  watching TV and spending a lot of time playing games when they are free. There is more fun in reading. After you read some good books, you may want to look for more books to read. Before you decide to be a good writer, you should say to yourself. "I must read more and more to become better and better at writing!"
The question is: Why do some children want to be writers when they grow up ?
The possible answers are:
A:Because they want to be good readers.
B:Because they want to write stories or books for people to read.
C:Because they want to find good work some day.
D:Because they want to get more money to keep a family.Today the word friendship has been used so often that it has lost its meaning. Some jokingly or seriously say that friends are made to be used. It makes me very sad.
True friendship doesn't mean that when you need your friend's help,you will treat him to dinner,and when you have to protect yourself,you will put your friends in a difficult situation.
In fact,true friendship is the communication and understanding of the hearts .
True friendship is like water. Compared wish decent wine,water is tasteless,but is of great help when we are thirsty. True friends don't need to be with each other every day,but are connected in heart every minute.
True friendship is like medicine. Though it is bitter,it cures your illness. True friends give you some suggestions even if they know you would not take. They criticize you when others have a good word for you,not because of envy but worrying that you may lose your cool head.
True friendship has nothing to do with fame,power or money. True friends would often watch you silently far away when you are _ ,but come to you whenever you need their help. You're not his stepping-stone to success,but are his crutch to live through difficulties.
True friends make you complete. Many persons go along with you through your life-your parents,your spouse,and your children,who take care of you and make your life happy. However,you still need someone who understands your thoughts and souls. Without them,you are likely to be unhealthy in spirit.
True friends stay in your heart,rather than at your side;they know you more than yourself,and try to better you.
Once you have found such a true friend,do treasure him. If your true friend disappears,how can you make the sound of your heart understood?
The question is: According to the passage,true friends may help you  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:enjoy mental health
B:achieve success
C:understand them better
D:live a happy lifeGuilin is my favorite city in China because of its beauty, its waterways, its cafes, and most of all because I met my wife there. It is her hometown and we will both retire there in a few years.
Not only is Guilin a fascinating city, but there are many interesting places to visit within a short drive from there.
The Ling Canal is the oldest canal in the world. It was built about 2,200 years ago and connects two major river systems, the Yangtze and the Pearl River.
The Longsheng Rice Terraces   is another manmade wonder that was built around 650 years ago.I have some photos of both of these places in my China Daily homepage Albums.
The Gudong Waterfall Park is another attraction that is worth visiting. The hike to the top of all these waterfalls isn't very difficult and if you want, you can take a ride to the bottom on a personal rail car   that you control the speed with a _ 
If you want, you can also climb up some of the waterfalls with the help of chains that are placed for the convenience of amateur climbers  .
I have only been in Guilin during the winter and spring, but my wife tells me it gets pretty hot in the summer time. That's OK because I grew up in the Midwest of the US where it gets very hot and humid during the summer months.
But in Guilin almost everything is within walking distance and if you need to go further the buses come by every 5 minutes on the busy streets and every 10-15 minutes just about everywhere else. There are plenty of taxis, too, and most trips are only 6 yuan. It's a perfect place to retire.
The question is: The writer likes Guilin best mainly because   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:it has many water ways
B:he met his wife there
C:he likes its beauty
D:it has lots of cafesValentine's Day is on February 14th every year.  On this day, people send valentines to their loved ones. Valentine's Day is a special time to tell how much you care about a person.
Many people send candy in hearted shaped boxes to people they love. Flowers are also presents that people send on Valentine's Day. Valentine cards with words are often used by many people.
Can you guess who gets the greatest number of Valentine cards in the USA each year? Is It mother or father, sister or brother? Is it uncle or aunt? Is it the special friend? No, it isn't!
Mothers get a lot of cards, but school teachers get the most each year. Do you know who sends the most? Children do. Children send five times as many on February 14 th as adults do.
The question is: This passage is mainly about   _   .
The possible answers are:
A:candy and flowers
B:parents and children
C:valentines and their receivers
D:the teachers in the USAIt's six forty in the morning. The children are coming into the classroom.
A girl is opening the windows. Some are laughing and talking. Some are listening to them. Some are reading books. Some are doing their homework.
Miss Lin is standing behind the teacher's desk. She is writing on the blackboard. Sue and Anna are wearing their new dresses today. Ann is cleaning her desk. Mike is helping her. They all look happy.
What are Bill and Bob doing? Oh, dear! They are still playing basketball.
The question is: The teacher is   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:Miss Gao
B:Miss Lin
C:Sue
D:AnnAs I stood outside with my two dogs yesterday , it was so cold that my nose and face felt frozen ( ).
Of course, that doesn't matter to Ricky and Lucy. They have a habit that they must find a place to fight with each other no matter how cold or hot it is.
As cold as it was, I was excited thinking about how wonderful this special cold really was.
Then the sun broke through the clouds and memories of summer's really hot days came through my mind. I could remember standing in heat of the afternoon, with sweat pouring down my head and the hot, burning sun against my face.  I told myself then and there that in the cold of the winter I would wish I had this heat. Because of the special cold, I enjoy the heat more.
So I realized that without the extremes in my life, I would never _ the days
When things just right. without the extremes, life would be boring. For example, heath problems remind us that we need to pay more attention to how we live.
Now, I want to start finding a reason to be happy, even if it's simply the fact that I'm still alive in the world.
,.
The question is: What is the best title for this passage?
The possible answers are:
A:Memories of summer's hot days
B:Follow the habit
C:Two extremes in life
D:Weather informationI study in the No.5 Middle school. It is a big and nice school. In the school there are more than one hundred teachers and about 2000 students. They all walk very hard.
I am in Class 8,Grade One. There are 35 girls and 36 boys in my class. Our classroom is very big and bright. There are four windows in the wall of the classroom. They are very big. On the back wall there is a map of China. On the front wall there is a map of China. In the front of the blackboard there is a big desk. It's for our teachers. In the classroom there are seventy-one desks and chairs. All the desks and chairs in it are new.
We go to school at seven in the morning. Classes begin at half past seven. We have eight lessons a day. We study Chinese, English ,maths and other lessons. All of us like English very much. Some are very good at it. In the afternoon we have sports. At six o'clock we go home. In the evening we often do our homework. Sometimes we watch TV.
The question is: The English teacher must be a very   _  teacher from the passage.
The possible answers are:
A:young
B:good
C:old
D:newEvery year the Greens go to the beach for a week's vacation. There are many interesting things to do at the beach.
The children play games on the sand. Sometimes they build sandcastles  . There are saltwater   swimming pools. The children can swim safely in these pools and the water is always clean.
There is an esplanade  . This is a long road by the beach. There are many cafes   and restaurants on the esplanade. There is also a park beside (......) the beach. This is a place that many people like to go to.
The Greens always stay at the same hotel. They usually have the same rooms. These rooms are at the front of the hotel. There is a good _ of the sea from their windows. The children are a little sad when the vacation is over because they don't want to leave.
The question is: How often do the Greens go to the beach?
The possible answers are:
A:Once a year.
B:Once a week.
C:Twice a year.
D:Every a half year.Do you know Marc Yu  . He is very famous . He is only nine years old. He is a Chinese American. His mother is from Macao. He likes music very much and he has great musical talent . He can play forty pieces of classical music now.
After hearing Mary Had a little Lamb one time at the age of three, he began playing it on the piano. Before that, he didn't learn the piano at all. He started to take the piano lessons at the age of three. His first public performance  was at the age of three , too.
Now he can play great music for people on the stage. He wants to be a famous musician like Lang Lang in the future. He likes LangLang very much. Lang Lang is his idol.
The question is: When did he begin to learn the piano?
The possible answers are:
A:At the age of 9
B:At the age of 5
C:At the age of 3
D:At the age of 10Soon it would be the holidays. But before that, there was the end of year exams. All the students worked hard for some time. If they didn't pass, they would have to take the exams in September again. Some students failed, but Kate decided not to be one of them. She worked hard all day, but just before the exams she was working so hard that her sister was worried about her. She was staying up too late . The night before the first exam, Barbala insisted that she should have an early night and take a sleeping pill. She promised to wake her in the morning.
As she was falling asleep, Kate was worried in case she over-slept. Her mind kept jumping from subject to subject. At last, with the help of the pill, she fell asleep. she was sitting in the examination hall, looking at the paper. She couldn't answer any of the questions. Everyone round her was writing pages and pages. However hard she thought, she couldn't find anything to write about. She kept looking at her watch. Time was running out. There was only one hour left. She started one question, wrote two sentences, gave up and tried another one. With only half an hour left she wrote another two sentences. By this time she was so worried that she started crying. Her whole body shook(,). It shook so much that it woke her up. She was still in bed and it had all been a terrible dream. A minute later, Barbala called her name.
The question is: Why did Barbala insist that Kate should take a sleeping pill?
The possible answers are:
A:Because she thought Kate should oversleep before the first exam.
B:Because Kate was so worried about her exams that she couldn't go to sleep at all.
C:Because Barbala hoped her sister would have a good sleep before the first exam.
D:Because she had promised to wake her up the next morning.Do you eat good food every day? It's important ! You need oranges and bananas, but you don't need ice cream. You need salad and broccoli, but you don't need French fries. Write a list of the food you eat. Is it good food? Do you eat right? (Like an egg. )Every day?
The question is: It's important to eat  _
The possible answers are:
A:oranges
B:bananas
C:ice cream
D:good foodMr Ling lives in China. He worked in a factory and last year he retired. His wife died five years ago and his son works in Japan. He always has sports and he is in good health.
One day his son called him and asked him to have a journey to Tokyo. He was very happy. He was afraid to travel by plane and took the ship.
On the first morning on the ship Mr Ling met an Englishman at table. The man said to him, "Good morning!"
He thought the Englishman told his name to him. So he stood up and said, "Ling Bing!"
And it was repeated a few mornings and Mr Ling told a teacher about it. Hearing him, the teacher began to laugh and said, "He says hello to you in the morning."
The next morning, when Mr Ling met the Englishman, he said, "Good morning!"
And the Englishman stood up and said, "Ling Bing,sir."
The question is: Mr Ling went to Japan by ship because   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:he thought it was safer
B:he wanted to have sports on the ship
C:he had little money to take a plane
D:he had enough time to do soHere are a lot of different cakes-fruit cakes,chocolate cakes,etc.Sometimes we buy them in a shop.Sometimes we make them ourselves.
We like cakes.We like Christmas cakes a lot.My mother often makes cakes for us at Christmas.And I often help her to make them.To make a Christmas cake,we need these things:
Half a kilo of flour ;
3 cups of milk;
4 eggs and some fruit,etc.
Now we can make a cake with those things.
The question is: How many eggs and how much fruit do we need to make a cake?
The possible answers are:
A:Three eggs and some fruit.
B:Much fruit and four eggs.
C:Some fruit and some eggs.
D:Four eggs and some fruit.A little old man and his wife walked slowly into McDonald's on a cold winter evening. They took a table near the back wall, and then the little old man walked to the cash register to order. After a while he got the food back and they began to open it.
There was one hamburger, some French fries and one drink. The little old man carefully cut the hamburger in half and divided the French fries in two piles. Then he neatly put the half of the food in front of his wife. He took a sip of the drink and his wife _ . "how poor the old people are!" the people around them thought. As the man began to eat his hamburger and his French fries, his wife sat there watching him and took turns to drink. A young man came over and offered to buy another meal for them. But they refused politely and said that they got used to sharing everything.
Then a young lady asked a question of the little old lady. " Madam, why aren't you eating? You said that you share everything, then what are you waiting for?" She answered, "The teeth."
The question is: What can we know from the whole passage?
The possible answers are:
A:The old lady wasn't hungry at all.
B:The two old people shared the same teeth.
C:The old lady had a toothache.
D:They are very friendly.How much pocket money do you get from your parents every month--200 yuan?
Some may need more to buy birthday presents, ice cream or cartoon books.But for Li Hong,30 yuan each month is enough. The only thing she buys is lunch--1.5yuan each day."My favorite is noodles and rice." Said Li."But meat is too expensive for me."Li,14,is a student of Grade Eight. Her parents are migrant workers .They first came to Chongqing from a village in Henan two years ago.Her father now works as a cleaner and gets 500 yuan every month. Her mother has no job.Every day,Li gets up at 5:30 am and walks 50 minutes to get to school. She studies hard ,and even reads books during breaks! Her favorite subject is computer."I'm learning typing now. I hope to be the fastest in my class,"said Li. Like many teens, Li has lots of homework--- usually at last one hour every day. But that is not all he work. During the week she helps her mum cook. On weekends, she helps  wash clothes. "I could cook when I was eight. Father said sometimes I cooked better than mum."
Li said she wanted to be a doctor when she grew up. "I wacth TV and find out
There are many  people with AIDS in Henan. Some are kids.I really want to help them."Said Li.
But she is afraid of having to leave school.Li didn't go to school at the age of 12 one year because her family had no money to send her.This year, the school didn't ask her to pay the 600 yuan fees  because her family is too poor."I hope I will always be in school,"said Li."Dad works hard to get money.I have promised him I will study hard to be a good student and a good doctor in the
future."
The question is: What happened to her when she was 12?
The possible answers are:
A:She was ill seriously.
B:She was lost in Chongqing.
C:She went back to her hometown.
D:She didn't go to school.Mr. and Mrs. Wilson lived in a big city. They liked traveling. One summer they went to the countryside for their holiday. They enjoyed it very much, because it was a quiet and clean place.
One day they went out for a walk early in the morning and saw an old man. He lived on the farm, and he was sitting alone in the warm sun in front of the house. Mr. Wilson asked him, "Do you like living in the quiet place?"
The old man said, "Yes, I do."
Mr. Wilson asked, "What are the good things about it?"
The old man answered. "Well, everybody knows everybody. People often come and see me, and I often go and see them. And there're lots of children here."
Mr. Wilson said, "That's interesting. And what are the bad things?"
The old man thought for a minute and said, "Well, the same things."
The question is: Why did they like the countryside? Because   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:it was far
B:they had a farm in the countryside.
C:it was quiet and clean
D:they saw the old manI can't remember when I fell in love with music. Maybe it happened when I was feeling blue sometime long ago. I can't tell you exactly how music makes me feel better. But while listening to music, especially light music, it makes me feel calm and peaceful. Now I am listening to a song named Moon River. It is really a fantastic song. I didn't like this song at the beginning, but later I found its slow melody and beautiful lyrics deeply touching.
"Oh, dream maker, you heart breaker. Wherever you're going I'm going your way. Two drifters  are off  to see the world. There's such a lot of world to see."
Yes. Although there is a long way to go for the drifters and maybe there are many troubles ahead, he seems afraid of nothing. I like music. Music reminds me that human beings have a lot in common even if they come from different countries or backgrounds, because we all have the same feeling or understanding of melodies and words.
The question is: The writer began to love music when he/she was  _  sometime long ago.
The possible answers are:
A:happy
B:excited
C:tired
D:blueWe all see and hear about extraordinary  people around us and wonder why we can't be more like them. It's not the big things that make someone extraordinary. It's the small things. They become extraordinary by making a difference in someone's life. Here are some of the things extraordinary people do every day:
Praise someone. It can make the others feel great about themselves. A compliment can have a positive impact  on their lives. Your team or family will love you for it.
It's OK to admit  you were wrong. You will not only gain the respect of your team mates, but you will also gain credibility .
When you need help, don't be shy or stop yourself. Everyone needs a little help sometimes. When you ask for help, you receive help. You're willing to listen; you also need support at times.
When you don't understand how something works, let an expert show you. When you let someone teach you something, you are telling the person that you respect his talent, time and what he is talking about.
Sometimes it is very important to stay silent. Especially when you're angry, process your emotions, think back to what happened, and then come to a decision about how to deal with it. Before you say anything, consider others' feeling. Never be rude with words or actions.
The question is: In the passage, how many points about being an extraordinary person does the   writer refer to?
The possible answers are:
A:Five.
B:Six.
C:Seven.
D:Eight.Hi! My name is Hunt. Here is a picture of my class. Joan is short and is wearing a yellow dress. She is good at maths. David is tall and has black hair. He is good at playing basketball. Mike is big. He has small eyes. He is funny. He can play football. Lily has long hair. She can speak Japanese.
Helen is a black girl. She has short hair. She likes swimming. She is on the swimming team. I like music. Can you find me? I'm the boy with glasses. Becky is new here. She comes from Hong Kong. She has black hair and black eyes. She speaks English well. And she is very good at computer.
The question is: Helen is on the   _  team.
The possible answers are:
A:music
B:football
C:basketball
D:swimmingBooks, which give instructions on how to do things, are very popular in the USA today. A lot of books like these begin with titles that start with the words "how to". Many "how to" books give advice on careers. They tell you how to choose a career and how to succeed in it. If you would like to become very rich, you can buy a book How to Make a Million. If you never make any money, you need a book called How to Live on Nothing.
One of the most popular kinds of books is one that helps you with personal problems. If you are unhappy with your life, you can read How to love Every Minute of Your life. If you are tired of books on happiness, you may prefer a book called How to Make Yourself Sad.. Many of these books help people use their free time better. Some people want books which will give them useful information about sports, hobbies and travels.
Other people use their free time to make repairs and improvements in their homes. They like books which give step-by-step instructions on how to repair things like electrical writing, or how to decorate a house or make it larger.
Why have "how to" books become so popular ? Maybe because life has become so popular. Maybe because life has become so complex. Today people have far more free time to use , more choices to make, and more problems to solve. "How to" books help people deal with modern life.       ,.
The question is: If you never make enough to feed yourself at all, you can buy a book with the title  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:How to Live on Nothing
B:How to Love Every Minute of Your Life
C:How to Make Yourself Happy
D:How to Make Yourself SadYou may know the song Happy Birthday very well.But do you know about its writer?It was written by an American girl.And she became very rich after that.
When she was a child,she was poor.Once,she was invited to her friend's birthday party.She was pleased but sad because she didn't have enough money to buy a gift for her.
"The party is coming soon,but now I have little money."Tears ran down her face.
Later that night she was in bed,thinking about the gift when the door opened and her grandma came in."What happened?"her grandma asked.Hearing the girl'story,she said,"I think I can help you.How about singing a song together?Happy Birthday to...."What a beautiful song!They sang and sang.Suddenly she woke up.It was a dream!She decided to write it down at once and sing it to her friends at the party.
When she sang the song at the party the nest day,her friends were very happy."How wonderful you sing!We haven't heared such a beautiful song before.Thank you for giving me the special gift."said her friend.And they learn to sing it together.Later the girl became well-known in America.
The question is: Which of the following is true?
The possible answers are:
A:The girl was still poor after writing the song.
B:The girl sang the with her grandma in her dream.
C:The girl's friends had heard the song before.
D:The girl became famous because of the song.A boy was going to study at the best school in town. In the morning, his grandfather took him to the school. When they went into the playground, the children came up.
"What a funny old man," the boy said, making a face.
"Hey, fatty ,"another one shouted.
The children _ the pair(,) and jumped up and down.
Without saying a word, the old man took his grandson  out of the school gate.
"Wonderful! I don't have to go to school!" the boy said.
"You do, but not this one," his grandfather said. "I'll find you another school to go to." Grandfather took his grandson back to his house, asked Grandmother to look after him, and then went out to look for a school alone.
Every time he got to a school, the old man went into the playground, and waited for the children to come out at break time. In some schools the children completely ignored the old man, and in others, they made fun of him. When this happened, he would turn sadly and leave. Finally, he went into the very small playground of a very small school, and stood tiredly against the wall. The bell rang, and the children came out into the playground.
"Sir, are you all right? Shall I bring you something to drink?" said a voice.
"We've got a bench  in the playground. Come and sit down," came another voice.
Soon a young teacher came out into the playground. The old man greeted him and said, "Finally, I've found my grandson the best school in town."
The question is: How did the grandson feel when his grandfather took him out of the school gate of the first school?
The possible answers are:
A:Worried.
B:Happy.
C:Calm.
D:Afraid.I'm Alice. Today is Children's Day. I get many presents   from my family. Do you want to have a look?
I like toy bears very much. I have five different bears in my room. My mother buys another brown bear for me today. It's very cute;
My uncle gives me a new pencil case; It's so nice. There's an interesting picture on it. My uncle buys it in Canada.
My sister buys a red toy car for me. I like cars very much. My sister is so nice. Green is my favourite colour. But I like the car best.
The diary book is from my grandmother. I like writing a diary in the evening. I want to be a writer when I grow up.
The question is: How many toy bears does Alice have now?
The possible answers are:
A:Five.
B:Six.
C:One.
D:Two.Around the world, people have different traditional foods to celebrate different festivals. Traditional foods also show a new year of good luck and good health:
An English Christmas dinner has a meal of turkey, and it also includes pies and plum puddings . In Germany, Christmas is celebrated with bread, cookies and cakes, which are made like Christmas trees. In France, Christmas dessert is a cake filled with butter cream.
In southern parts of India, there is a three-day festival in mid-January called Pongal. It includes rice and a dish of rice cooked with sugar that is shared with families and friends.
Japan celebrates New Year with a seven-day festival. It begins from January 1st. Food is prepared before the festival so people don't need to cook during the festival. On New Year's Day, _ dishes called Osechi ryori   are served--each dish is a wish for the New Year.
In most Asian countries, the New Year begins with the first full moon of the first Chinese Lunar  month. Each place has its special food to welcome the coming year: People in China prepare their food ahead of time to avoid the _ that using a knife during New Year's time might "cut luck". Foods with lucky names are popular, such as fish, which sounds like "surplus ".
The question is: What did a three- festival in mid--January in southern parts of India?
The possible answers are:
A:Christmas
B:Pongal
C:New Year
D:Lantern FestivalBASEBALL. It's just a word, but for millions of Americans it brings much more than a word.
Hot dogs. Cold beers. Sunny afternoons. Baseball is the game of fathers and sons. Fathers and sons catch with each other on lawns   in the US. A father's favorite team becomes his son's. Grandfathers talk to their grandsons about games played long ago.
Many American kids collect baseball cards. The cards have pictures of their favorite players on them. In school, friends trade   baseball cards just like they trade their lunches.
Players are known as "the boys of summer" because people often play the sport mostly in warm months. You don't need to be of a certain size or shape to play baseball. You don't have to be tall like a basketball player or strong like an American footballer. You just need to want to have fun.
Baseball is not as fast-paced   a game as basketball. But when you go to see a game, there's time to relax, talk and get to know other people.
Baseball may not be the most popular sport in the US, but it is the most traditional. It's not just a game any more, but an important part of American culture, like apple pie and grandma's house.
The question is: Most of the Americans play baseball just want to   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:enjoy themselves
B:make money
C:keep warm
D:make friendsYou go to a store. You see many new things. You know about them before you get to the store. How do you know? You saw these things on TV. You learned about them through advertising.
People have been advertising for thousands of years. Long ago, men called "criers" walked up and down the street. They shouted about things that were being sold.
Later, people met at one place. This place was a market. Some people came to sell. Other people came to buy. But only those people who were at the market knew what was being sold.
When people learned about printing, things changed. Soon there were newspapers. Many people read the newspapers. They saw many ads in the papers. Later, more people saw and listened to the ads on TV. Are the people who sell to us "criers"?
The question is: People have been advertising for   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:thousands of years
B:hundreds of years
C:one thousand years
D:one hundred yearsDo you have any friends? What do you think of friendship ? Here are some opinions from Ann,Pedro,Crystal and Roy.
Ann comes from Japan!She likes to have friends who really care about her. She thinks a true friend won't leave her alone when she is in trouble. Besides,she hopes they can teach her English.
Pedro is from Canada. He thinks that friendship means giving. If you want others to care about you,you must care about them first.
Crystal was born in China. She has the same opinion with Pedro. The real meaning of friendship is giving others something instead of thinking about taking anything back.
What about Roy from Japan? He doesn't care about the looks of his friends. In his opinion,a sincere heart   is more important than looks. If you are in the same country with Roy,you can write emails to him.
The question is: What are the people above talking about?
The possible answers are:
A:The meaning of friendship.
B:Their different habits.
C:Their life.
D:Their working.Greenpeace is a global group that tries to change people's ideas and behaviour to protect the environment. Now it is inviting people to take part in the"Kids for Forests" project.  This project tries to help to save ancient forests. Small children, teenagers, teachers and schools from all over the world are joining the project. Everyone can do a little to help the forests, and every little bit of help is important!
Over 80% of the ancient forests have already been destroyed. There are only seven big ancient forests that are still intact today. Thousand - year - old trees are cut down just to make everyday goods.
Children and young people all over the world are saying"No" to the devastation of ancient forests. They together with Greenpeace have set up"Kids for Forests".The project is working in more than 15 different countries in Europe, Asia, North America and South America.  And by the way, this is not the first time that"Kids for Forests" has stood up for the protection of ancient forests. In 2001 and 2002, more than 35,000 children and young people fought to save ancient forests all over the world.
Young people all over the world are standing up to protect our ancient forests,and you can,too. Go and join them now!
The question is: What does Greenpeace try to do?
The possible answers are:
A:To help poor children.
B:To protect the environment.
C:To change people's ideas.
D:To change people's behaviour.Have you ever heard of a rattlesnake? It is a poisonous   American snake. When it is angry or afraid, it makes a noise like a rattle with its tail. It's very scary. But Heather Ramirez and her husband, from California, in the United States, make a living in an unusual way. They are self-employed   snake catchers! They catch snakes, especially rattlesnakes which have gone indoors, and return them to the wild.
Heather describes her work as "protecting people from rattlesnakes -- and protecting rattlesnakes from people!" In the area where they live, rattlesnakes often come face to face with people. They are found in stores, offices, houses and gardens. Heather explains that it's not the snakes that are moving into places where people live, but it's the other way round. The snakes lived in these places first and then the people built houses.
Most people who see a rattlesnake are feared. If you keep your distance, however, the snake won't bite   you. In twelve years as a snake catcher, Heather has never touched a snake. She doesn't take the risk. She picks up the snakes with a special tool. This doesn't hurt _ , but it keeps them at a safe distance so that they can't bite her.
Heather and her husband are very busy because they are never off duty. Catching snakes is a full-time job and they don't often have a day off. People can get to them at any time of the day or night. Not everyone can do this job, but Heather doesn't want to do anything else. "I just love my job," she says.
The question is: Which of the following is true according to the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:Heather catches snakes only at night.
B:Heather is always ready to do her job.
C:Heather risks touching snakes sometimes.
D:Heather has been a snake catcher for 20 years.There are many unusual hotels around the world .In Greenland ,there is a hotel made out of ice ,open between December and April every year .In Turkey ,there is a cave hotel with a television ,furniture ,and a bathroom in each room .And in Bolivia ,there is the Salt Palace Hotel .
Thousands of years ago ,the area has the Salt Palace Hotel was a large lake . But over time ,all the water disappeared . Today ,the area has only two small lakes and two salt deserts .
The larger of the two deserts the Uyuni salt desert ,is 12000 square kilometers .During the day ,the desert is bright white because of the salt .There are no roads across the Uyuni desert ,so local people must show guests the way to the hotel .
In the early 1900s ,a man named Juan Quesada built the hotel .He cut big blocks of salt from the desert and used the blocks to build it. Everything in the hotel is made out of salt ;the walls , the roof , the chairs , the tables ,the beds ,and the hotels bar .
The Sun heats the walls and the roof during the day . At night is very cold , but the rooms stay warm . The hotel has twelve rooms . A single room costs 40 dollars a night .and a double room costs 60 dollars .
A sign on the hotels wall tells guests ,Please do not lick the walls.
The question is: Who is Juan Quesada?
The possible answers are:
A:A hotel guest
B:A guide
C:The hotels owner
D:An expert .The panda is one of the animals most in danger. Three are about 1,000 pandas living in nature reserves today. Zoos and research centers look after about 160 pandas. Scientists are studying how they live and more baby pandas are born in the zoos.
Pandas live in the forests and mountains of Southern China. They mainly live on bamboo, and each pandas needs to eat a lot of bamboo every day. The area of bamboo is becoming smaller for many different reasons, so pandas have less and less land to live on. Pandas don't have many babies, and baby panda often dies. The situation is becoming very serious.
Our government is working hard to save pandas. There are more than 30 nature reserves to protect pandas but these are not enough. The government has made a new plan to help pandas. The nature reserves will be bigger and the bamboo will grow better. Then the pandas will have enough food and enough places to live in. Pandas born in the zoos may go back to live in the nature reserves.
Most people love pandas. The panda is one of the best-known animals in the world. It is the symbol for the World Wide Fund for Nature. The WWF works to protect all animals in danger, so the panda has become the symbol of all animals in danger. There is still a long way to save the panda. Think of other animals in danger. There is still a long way to go to save the panda. Think of other animals in danger such as tigers, whales, turtles and elephants--and we need to save them, too.
The question is: _   is the symbol for the World Wide Fund for Nature.
The possible answers are:
A:The Tiger
B:The panda
C:The elephant
D:The WhaleMr and Mrs Green married thirty years ago and they have lived in the same house since then. Mr Green goes to work at eight every morning from Monday to Friday and Mrs Green does the housework everyday. Both of them enjoy their work very much.
There are quite a lot of houses in their street, and most of their neighbors are kind and friendly. One day, the old lady in the house opposite them died and, after a few weeks, a young man and a young woman came to live in it.
Mrs Green watched them for a few days from her window. One day when her husband came back from work, she said to him, "Bill, the man in that house opposite us always kisses his wife when he leaves in the morning and kisses her again when he comes home in the evening. Why don't you do that, too?"
Mr Green thought for a while and answered, " Well, I don't know her very well yet." From then on, Mrs Green never mentioned it again.
The question is: After they got married, Mr and Mrs Green    _    .
The possible answers are:
A:have never kissed each other
B:have moved from one place to another
C:have stayed in the same house for 30 years
D:have had no cTahiti is the largest island of the French Polynesia in South Pacific. It covers 1,045 km and has a population of 183,600.The weather there is neither too hot nor too cold. It's always warm and humid.
Tahitian people are very friendly and welcoming. They welcome visitors with music, dance and flowers. The  Tiare Tahiti flower, which can only be found in Tahiti, is used for greeting arriving visitors and returning family, It's popular for women and men to wear the flowers behind their left ears.
In Tahiti, there are always a lot of things to do and to see. Around the island are hundreds of places perfect for diving. In the waters, you can meet all kinds of colorful fish and many other living things that you can't name. Feeding sharks is another exciting popular activity. You can stand in the water behind a safe rope to watch a shark trainer hand--feed the sharks, or enjoy this fantastic scene from the boat. If you want to find a place to swim, have a sun bath or admire the beautiful sunset, Pointe Venus Lighthouse, a black sand beach, is a great choice.
In the evening ,you can have Tahitian food, Chinese food and French--style dishes at To'ata, a square with many small restaurants. All kinds of fruit juice from coconut milk to pineapple juice can be found everywhere. Some hotels in Tahiti are built above the waters. Beautiful fish swimming below can be seen through the glass floor or coffee table. They are really wonderful places to relax and refresh you.
Tahiti, an amazing place to do everything or nothing at all, is waiting for you.
The question is: Which of the following is TURE about Tahiti?
The possible answers are:
A:Visitors are not allowed to dive in Tahiti.
B:It is not easy to find something to eat at To'ate
C:Visitors can enjoy themselves in over--water hotels
D:Pointe Venus Lighthouse is famous for its white sandBritain Today
Food
British people like good food,and more than half of them go to a restaurant every month. Fast food is also very popular-- 30% of all adults have a hamburger every three months, but46% have fish and chips!
Sports
British people don't do a lot of sports. Only 17% of people go swimming every week,about 9% go cycling and 8% play golf--and only 6% of people play football( but 32% go to watch it ).
Cinema and TV
Films are very popular in Britain,and about 60% of people between 15 and 24 go to the cinema every month. At home, men watch TV for about three hours every day -- two quarters more than women.
Holidays
British people love going on holiday,and have 56 million holidays every year. Most of these holidays aren't in the UK--27% are in Spain,10% are in the USA,and 9% are in France. Maybe this is because the weather in Britain isn't very good!
,
The question is: Which food could be more popular among British adults,a hamburger or fish and chips?
The possible answers are:
A:A hamburger.
B:Fish and chips.
C:Both.
D:Neither.Hello, everyone, I'm Xing Fei. I'm from China. My family name is Xing. I live in Bei Jing. My family is very large. In my family, my grandfather's father is the oldest one. He is now ninety-nine years old. My grandfather is eighty years old. And my grandma is eighty-two years old. They have four children, my uncle, my father, and my two aunts. I'm their grandson. My parents have two children, my sister and me. And I have four cousins. Now, I'm a student in No. 10 Middle school. And my sister is only five years old. My parents are both teachers. They love my family very much. So they work hard. We go to the park every morning. My mother says that it can help us keep healthy.
The question is: How many cousins does Xing Fei  _   ?
The possible answers are:
A:five
B:four
C:ten
D:noWhen a computer works on a group of programs,it can get very hot.Cooling the computer can cost a lot.So some scientists wonder what would happen if the heat from the computer could beused.
Large Internet companies such as Google and Microsoft have thousands of computers.As these computers deal with information,they produce lots of heat,so they need huge cooling systems .These systems send the heat in to the air.
A company in Holland thinks paying to make the computers work and then paying again to cool them are a waste of energy.So the company developed a special device-thee-Radiator.
Boaz Leupe,head of the company,says that e-Radiator works as a heating system and saves money.He explains that the energy is used twice-once to heat the home and once to cool the computer and that the users don't have to pay to cool their computers.
Five homeowners in Holland are testing the heating system in their homes.
"We pay for the computer using,so,in that way,homeowners get heating for free,"Boaz says.Jan Visser is one of the homeowners."If you use the computer more,the e-Radiator producers more heat,"he says,"It cannot provide enough heat if you don't use your computer often."But he is ready to try it.It's a great help for his family.
The company says e-Radiators produce heat temperatures of up to 55degC.It says the system could save its users about 440 a year.
The question is: Before the e-Radiator appears,usually the heat of a computer  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:is sent into the air
B:helps the five homeowners
C:is used twice
D:makes the computer work betterMacao is only forty miles from Hong Kong and it is easy to reach. You can get there by sea. It is an interesting place and it has a long history. Macao is a part of China and most people living there are Chinese.
The first Europeans to go to Macao came from Portugal. More than four hundred years ago the Portuguese went there to trade with China. Some settled and made their homes there. They built strong forts to guard the city and the harbor . They also built churches, schools, hospitals and other places. Slowly the city grew. People from many countries came to live and work in Macao.
Today many people visit Macao. Some only go there to watch dog-racing or motor-racing or to " _ with their money, whether they lose or win. But Macao is a quiet and peaceful place. It is pleasant just to walk around and look at the old buildings and forts. You feel you are back in the old days. Of course, some of the buildings are now in ruins . The Church of St. Paul has only the front wall with many steps leading up to it. But it is still interesting to see.
When you are hot and tired, there are small cool gardens to rest in. When you are hungry, there are good restaurants with many kinds of food. Nearby are some islands, which are also nice to visit and are easy to get to. There is certainly a lot to see and to do in Macao.
The question is: You feel in Macao you are back in the old days because   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:some of the buildings are now in ruins
B:you can watch dog-racing or motor-racing
C:you go about and look at the old buildings and forts with pleasure
D:it' s a peaceful place.Soon it would be the holidays. But before that, there was the end of year exams. All the students worked hard for some time. If they didn't pass, they would have to take the exams in September again. Some students failed, but Kate decided not to be one of them. She worked hard all day, but just before the exams she was working so hard that her sister was worried about her. She was staying up too late . The night before the first exam, Barbala insisted that she should have an early night and take a sleeping pill. She promised to wake her in the morning.
As she was falling asleep, Kate was worried in case she over-slept. Her mind kept jumping from subject to subject. At last, with the help of the pill, she fell asleep. she was sitting in the examination hall, looking at the paper. She couldn't answer any of the questions. Everyone round her was writing pages and pages. However hard she thought, she couldn't find anything to write about. She kept looking at her watch. Time was running out. There was only one hour left. She started one question, wrote two sentences, gave up and tried another one. With only half an hour left she wrote another two sentences. By this time she was so worried that she started crying. Her whole body shook(,). It shook so much that it woke her up. She was still in bed and it had all been a terrible dream. A minute later, Barbala called her name.
The question is: Which of the following is true?
The possible answers are:
A:All the students were usually successful in their exams.
B:Not all students passed the year exams.
C:Every one of the students could pass the end of year exams.
D:None of the students would take the exams again in September.Many people in the world have not seen snow. Some countries never have snow; some have only a little on top of the high mountains. In the north of England, there is quite a lot of snow every winter, but in the south of England, there is usually little.
When a student from a warm country comes to England in autumn for the first time, he feels cold at first. There are often clouds, grey sky and cold rain in England in autumn, and most students from warm countries do not like this.
But snow is different. It is beautiful. Perhaps, after several mornings, the student wakes up one day, and there is a lot of light in his room. He thinks, "Is it so late?" and jumps out of bed. But no, it is not very late. He looks out of the window and there is snow on the ground and on the houses and everywhere.
The question is: Snow is   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:beautiful
B:dark
C:warm
D:happyIt's Sunday today. Students are having good time in the park.
Look, there is a table under a big tree, three students are sitting there. Lucy is reading a book, she looks very happy. Next to her is another girl, she's Mary. She is eating apples with her friend Jean. They think the apples are very delicious. Other girls are drawing pictures there.In the middle of the park, there is a playground. There are four boys, they are playing basketball. Lisa is watching them, and singing beautiful songs.
Near the lake, Mr. Li is telling interesting stories for other students, they are so happy and relaxing.
The question is: Who is eating apples with Jean?
The possible answers are:
A:Lisa
B:Lucy
C:Mary
D:Mr. LiOn a Friday night,a poor young violinist was playing his violin at the entrance of the subway station. The music was so great that people slowed down to listen and put some money into his hat.
The next day,the violinist came to the entrance again. He put down his hat as usual. Beside the hat was a piece of paper with some words on it. It said,"A George Sang has put an important thing into my hat by mistake. Welcome to claim it."Soon the people were all attracted by the words and wondered what it could be. After a while a man rushed through the crowd,took the violinist's shoulders and said,"I knew you would certainly come here."The violinist asked,"Did you lose something?""Lottery ."The violinist took out a lottery ticket with Sang's name on it. Sang took it and danced happily.
Sang was an office worker. He bought the lottery and won a prize of$500,000.But when he gave$50 to the violinist for his wonderful music,the lottery ticket was thrown in, too. The violinist was a college student. That morning,he was going to fly to Vienna for high education. However,when he found the ticket,he cancelled the flight and returned to the entrance.
Later someone asked the violinist why he didn't take the lottery ticket to pay the tuition fee .He said"Although I don't have much money,I live happily. If I lose honesty ,I won't be happy forever."
The question is: What's the best title for this passage?
The possible answers are:
A:The meaning of honesty
B:An office worker and a lottery ticket
C:The importance of being honest
D:A violinist and an office workerDo you know the Chinese saying "He who doesn't reach the Great Wall is not a true man"? Mr. White knows it. Next month he is going to Beijing with his wife. They are going to visit the Great Wall. They are staying in Beijing for about a week. They have a lot of Chinese friends there, so they are visiting them. Then they're flying to West Lake in Hangzhou. They are going boating there and staying there for about three days. Mr. White knows that the Yellow Mountain is very famous in China. So they're going to Anhui to go hiking in the great mountain. After two days in Anhui they'll have to go back to Sydney.
"I'm taking lots of photos in China. When I get back to Sydney, I am going to show the photos to my friends. I want my friends to know more about China." said Mr. White.
The question is: Mr. White is from  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:Australia
B:America
C:Canada
D:EnglandI think all of us should know it's necessary to have breakfast. It's one of the most important meals of the day. If you want to keep fit, you should have a good breakfast. Choosing the right food is also important. For it, you may have bread, eggs and milk.
But in fact, many students go to school without breakfast. This does harm to their health. Maybe they say they have no time because it's too late or their parents are too busy to prepare breakfast for them.
What will happen to the students on an empty stomach ? Because of no energy, they can't keep active. They may not grow fast. When they feel hungry, they are not able to study well and they have no energy to play well, either. What's worse , they will spend more time getting better once they fall ill.
Therefore , we shouldn't go to school without breakfast, no matter what reason it is.
The question is: Why did the students go to school without breakfast?
The possible answers are:
A:Their parents don't make breakfast for them.
B:They would like to study well.
C:They get up early.
D:They don't like eating breakfast.Graffiti is a common feature of most Western cities. The word _ was from the Greek word, graphein, which only meant writing. These days, however, the word means drawing or writing on the walls of buildings, or the public transportation, such as trains or buses.
Graffiti, as a form of expression, was born in New York during the 1960s and 1970s. At that time, a new modern culture about city life appeared. Graffiti was a written form of expression of that life. Later, it was mixed with a musical form called hip-hop that was another expression of the city life.
At first, graffiti artists used pens. But then, with the development of graffiti, they became experienced. They turned to using spray paint  . Spray paint allowed them to draw a greater area. And it also allowed them to work quickly.
At present, different people have different ideas about graffiti. Some people say it makes the cities dirty. It isn't allowed by many local governments in America. The governments spend more than a million dollars a year cleaning graffiti. The money, they say, could be better spent on health or education. Other people think it is a form of art. In fact, the works of some famous graffiti artists can be found in museums, galleries, and art books.
The question is: Why did graffiti artists use spray paint?
The possible answers are:
A:Because they could work quickly.
B:Because they could spend less money.
C:Because they could paint a smaller area.
D:Because they could express themselves clearly.From the time we were babies we have been taught manners. We are taught how to hold a knife and fork and not to talk with our mouths full. We are taught how to shake hands and when to stand and when to sit and the way to introduce people.
Sometimes good manners in one place are very bad manners somewhere else. Almost everywhere eating together means that people are very friendly to each other. But in parts of Polynesia it is bad manners to be seen eating beside each other. So they politely turn their backs to each other when they are taking food.
Some East Africans spit four times as a kind of blessing .They do it to show that they want a sick person to get well,or to bless a new-born baby. In most other places,spitting means something completely different. It usually shows an unhealthy habit. In many countries,it may mean that you hate someone.
When we go to visit someone we say " Hello!" Or " How are you ? " or things like that.
But if you are visiting an East African village , everyone will be very careful not to pay attention to you, The polite thing there will be for you to go quietly,without speaking to anyone, and sit beside your friend. You should wait until he has finished what he is doing and then he will begin talking to you.
In a village in Arab , a visitor will walk behind all the tents until he gets to the one he wants to visit. If he passes in front , he will be invited into each tent and asked to eat. It is rude to refuse.
The question is: In many places,spitting may mean  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:you give a new-born baby the blessing
B:you want a sick person to get well
C:you hate someone
D:you show your love to your relatives or friendsMary is from the USA. She has two brothers. Now her family are in China. Her father, Mr Peterson, teaches English in Xihu Middle School. Her mother works in the same school. She teaches English, too. Mary goes to school in her father's car with her mother every day.
Mary is a nice girl student. She can speak a little Chinese. She is very lovely, so she has many Chinese friends. She teaches them English, and they teach her Chinese. Her two brothers are twins. One is Bob, and the other is Bill. They look the same. They are only five. So their grandparents look after them at home. Mrs Peterson has many toys for the twin brothers. Bob likes to play with toy cars, but Bill likes to play with teddy bears. They are happy every day.
The question is: Mary's family name is   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:Mary
B:bob
C:Bill
D:PetersonHello! I'm Sandy .I'm a Grade 8 students.I study at a secondy school .Now let me tell you about my school life. I get up at 6:15 a.m.Then I have my breakfast at six thirty. I go to school by bus .My home is about five kilometers away.from school.This often takes me 20 minutes.The first school begins at eight every morning.I usually have four classes in the morning and two in the afternoon.Each class lasts 45 minutes .I have lunch at school .I often eat rice ,meat and many vegetables.Then I can sleep about half an hour.After class, I play volleyball or football with my classmates.School is over and I go home.I spend an hour on my homework .I watch TV for half an hour .
The question is: How far is her home from school?
The possible answers are:
A:5 meter.
B:5 kilometers.
C:15miles.
D:15kilometersStudying abroad is an amazing experience, especially when you come to Australia as an overseas(  ) high school student. You can have a lot of fun here, especially on holidays.
There are many festivals in Australia. The most important one is obviously Christmas. Each year, the summer holidays at every high school last about two months from the beginning of December to February, which covers the Christmas time. Since it is a long holiday, most overseas students love to fly back to their home countries to spend the time with their families and friends, but a few students still stay in Australia during the holiday to get part-time jobs. It is quite easy to find a part-time job at Christmas. Students often take part in another major social activity. They go to the beach to have fun in the sunshine. The summer in Australia is from December to February, so going to the beach in December is very popular among Australians.
Easter in March is another important holiday in the year. It actually combines  "Good Friday" and "Easter Monday". Almost every shop closes on Good Friday. And people usually go to see Easter Show.
The Chinese New year is not a public holiday in Australia, so every Chinese student still has to go to school to study and do his or her normal duties.
The question is: Probably people seldom   _   on Good Friday in Australia.
The possible answers are:
A:go shopping
B:spend the time with their friends
C:have fun
D:give chocolate eggs to each otherOn April 14th at 7:49 am, the town of Jyekundo in Kham, was struck   by a 6.9 magnitude earthquake. My family and I were in our 3rd floor apartment building when the earthquake hit. There was a smaller earthquake (around 4.7) that happened around 4 am and neither my wife nor I could get back to sleep. When the big earthquake hit, my wife was using her computer while our younger son Norbu (18 months old) was playing in the living room. Tsering, our older son who is 3 years old, was still asleep in the back bedroom of the 3 bedroom apartment we were living in.
Norbu flew across the room when the earthquake hit. My wife was also thrown to the ground. Everything in our apartment began to be tossed   around, breaking when it hit the walls or floor. I ran to the back bedroom and grabbed   Tsering as my wife grabbed Norbu off the floor. Together, we ran to the door. I stopped long enough to grab my shoes, coat and a bit of money. I opened the door and one of our neighbors helped us carry Tsering down to the ground floor. I was the only one of my family who managed to get shoes.
After the earthquake, we were able to see that this was a major earthquake. We began to hear people crying for help, badly injured people crawling   to the road and people weeping   for loved ones who had died.
The question is: What did NOT people do after the earthquake?
The possible answers are:
A:People were able to have a rest.
B:People cried for help.
C:Injured people were crawling to the road.
D:People were weeping for dead loved ones.Winter Sale!
Winter is coming. So we are having a big and end-of-autumn sale. Look at the prices!
A blouse :$5     A coat:$20      A silk skirt: $28
A pair of trainers :$30            A pair of jeans:$30
Will you come to Reborn Fashion Shop on the 2nd floor of New Century Shopping Mall from Friday to Sunday?
Cash Back!
Spend twenty dollars in our shop, we will give you five dollars back. Spend 40 dollars, and you will get 10 dollars back.
Remember: only at weekends
You are welcome to Happy Times Doll Shop on the first floor of New Century Shopping
Mall.
Closing Down Sale!
Come to our shop next Monday. There is a discount on every kind of chocolate. And we will give you a big box of sweets for free  if you spend more than 20 dollars in our shop. So come to Sweetheart Chocolate Shop on the first floor of New Century Shopping Mall.
The question is: How many shops are mentioned in this advertisement ?
The possible answers are:
A:Two.
B:Three.
C:Four.
D:Six.On a sunny morning, children in Ganale stood in front of their new school and expressed their thanks to Tina Charles. Tina Charles, a woman member of the WNBA, plays for the women's basketball team of America. She understands the importance of education and of giving back to others. So the WNBA star made sure to support a school in an African village when she heard about the chance to give money to it.
Charles first knew about the chance while she was in a college. But she didn't have the money to help out at that time. After she played for the WNBA, she made much money. With the help of charitable organizations , Charles donated $32,000 to the school.
Charles did the charity work while playing basketball and getting ready for the London Olympics. She played for the team that had won the gold medal in the last four Olympic Games. And they got the fith gold medal in London.
Charles always works hard on both working for the country in the Olympic Games and giving back to others."The more I give, the more happiness I get."she said.
The question is: What's the Chinese meaning of WNBA?
The possible answers are:
A:.
B:.
C:.
D:.We have heard about people who have special memories. Recently there has been a report about a woman from Australia who can remember almost every detail   of all the events in her daily life.
Rebecca Sharrock, 25, is one of just 80 people worldwide who have been identified  as having Highly Superior Autobiographical Memory ( HSAM,). It means she can remember every small event-which most people would forget with in (......)  days-as if it had happened just minutes ago.
"I remember my mum putting me in the driver's seat of a car and taking a picture of me when I was 12 days old," she said. "That's my earliest memory. I remember every day since then. I can't tell all the dates exactly because I was too young to understand calendars, but I remember what I did that every day, what the weather was like and so on."
Rebecca can also re-experience taste. If she's eating something that she doesn't like, she thinks about Black Forest cake, her favorite food, and the memory will be so strong that she can nearly "taste" it.
However,  sometimes her memories prove   to be painful. Because they're not just events that she remembers. "When I relive   memories, the feelings return, too," Rebecca said. "For example, I remember falling over when I was three at my grandparents' house and hurting my left knee. Talking about it now, I feel painful in my left knee. "
"At night, I have to sleep with the radio/recorder and a soft light on, she added. "1f it's too dark or quiet, my mind would be filled with all these memories and I can't sleep. "
The question is: What happened to Rebecca on the day when she was 3 years old?
The possible answers are:
A:She was identified as having HSAM.
B:Her mother put her in a car and took a picture of her.
C:She started to understand calendars.
D:She hurt her left knee at her grandparents'.British Study Tours
Using the wonderful railway system   we offer an unusual holiday, sport and study program  . Your hotel is a train: eat and sleep on the train and spend each day in a different part of Britain.
Summer Schools in France
We offer summer schools for students between the ages of 12 and 16. Live with a French family and choose from different activities including horse-riding, football, swimming and skiing.
Summer in Australia
We will arrange  a program for your students. All our courses take place at the college in Sydney. Morning classes are held in Chinese; evening classes on Australian history are in English. We offer an exciting program of evening activities including music. Dance and theatre.
Holiday Programs in Germany
We offer morning classes in German at all levels  from beginner upwards. In the afternoon you are free to join in our mountain walks or to go shopping in the nearby town. In the evening we organize  a full program for fun. All ages welcome.
The question is: If you want to make your English better, which programs will you choose?
The possible answers are:
A:Holiday Programs in Germany and British Study Tours.
B:Summer in Australia and Summer School in France.
C:British Study Tours and Summer in Australia.
D:Summer School in France and holiday Programs in Germany.Ted lives in a big city .Today he's very happy .it's the first day of school .Ted to go back to school. He wants to see his friends. He is going to meet his new teachers.
Ted gets up early in the morning .He washes and puts on his new clothes .Look !He is having breakfast with his parents .Now ,he is ready for school.
He goes to school by bike .He meets his friends outside the school gate .They are talking about something .Then the bell  rings . Everyone runs to his or her classroom.
The question is: How does Ted go to school ?
The possible answers are:
A:He goes to school by bus
B:He goes to school by bike .
C:He goes to school by car
D:He goes to school on foot .Do you know more and more Chinese artists have made regular donations to charity or put their efforts  into charity work in China? Here let's know some of them.
Faye Wong and her husband Li Yapeng started the Yan Ran Angel Foundation  for harelipped  children three years ago. It was named after their daughter. Its purpose is to help children under 14 to cure their harelips. The couple donated one million yuan (about $ 133,000) to start the organization.
Cong Fei was born in a poor family. He became a successful singer in Shenzhen. He helped 178 poor students and disabled people for more than 10 years. Before he died of an illness at the age of 37 in 2006, he decided to donate his cornea  to people with eye problems. He helped six people see the world.
Guan Mucun has donated money to Project Hope to help poor students finish primary education. Thirty of these poor students have already finished high school with her support. Guan has also helped with charity work for environment protection, HIV/AIDS prevention, blood donation and "Mother Water".
Guan had an unlucky childhood: her mother died when she was only 10 years old. With the help of the government and her neighbours, she grew up and was successful as a famous singer.
Action star Jackie Chan is a wholehearted supporter of charities including UNICEF, Operation Smile and his own Jackie Chan Charitable Foundation. In 2007, he used much of his spare time to visit the farthest parts of China on his Dragon's Heart Charity Missions. The Dragon's Heart Foundation aims to meet the needs of poor children and the elderly in the hardest-to-reach areas of the country. Chan has made several trips to these poor villages, bringing warm clothing, wheelchairs and school supplies, and helping to build schools.
The question is: What can we learn from the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:Faye Wong and Li Yapeng don't like their daughter.
B:More than 7 people's eyes were cured thanks to Cong Fei's Cornea.
C:Guan Mucun was once helped by the government and her neighbours.
D:Jackie Chan didn't have chance to visit the people he helped.A famous building in New York City is turning 100 years old. A year-long celebration is planned for Grand Central Terminal, which is usually called Grand Central station, the sixth most-visited place in the world.
The huge building has not changed much since it opened in February, 1913. About 750,000 people pass through Grand Central every day. Some just come to look at it, others to visit the stores. But most are there to catch the trains that enter and leave from the station. It is the largest train station in the world. There are 67 train tracks, all of them underground.
The main part of the building has large, arched windows, a jeweled four-sided clock and ticket windows. Grand Central has been seen in many movies through the years. Dan Brucker is with the New York Transit Authority, which operates the station. Dan Brucker has worked for the transit authority at Grand Central for 30 years. In all those years, he has not lost his interest in the building.
Justin Ferate, a historian, has been giving tours of Grand Central Station for 30 years. He says the station was designed to make travel a pleasure.
"Why people don't run into each other in Grand Central is simple: each block of stone in Grand Central is the length of your leg. Each block of stone in Grand Central is the length of your arm. Each block of stone is a different color, so it's a checkerboard, based on you."
A ten-year-long fight against plans to build a huge office building over Grand Central in 1968 helped create the modern preservation  movement. Now, no one would think of changing the beauty of the station.
The question is: How long has Grand Central been in service ?
The possible answers are:
A:For 30 years.
B:For 10 years.
C:For 45 years.
D:For a century.A science book gives facts. Some science books tell us about animals. Some tell us about plants. Some tell us about outer space. This page tells us about animals.
Do you know that not only the fish but also some animals live in the sea? For example, the whale is not a fish. It can't breathe in the water. It swims in the water. But it comes up for air.
The blue whale is the world's biggest animal. There are other sea animals, too. One is called the dolphin. Dolphins need air to live. They breathe air, as whales do. Dolphins are very clever. They sometimes seem to speak to each other.
Many other animals live near the sea. Seals and otters love the sea. They swim and play there. They eat fish and sea plants. Seals and otters have thick fur. The fur keeps them warm.
The question is: What food do seals and otters like eating?
The possible answers are:
A:Meat.
B:Fruits.
C:Both fish and sea plants.
D:Leaves.The airport   in Boswell is twenty-one miles from the city. The banks  and business offices  are in the center of the city.
Read these notes from the diary by Mr. Reg Simpson:
March 2004
15 MON   Group of 35 French students visiting Boswell -- want cheap holiday
16 TUES  Mr. and Mrs. J. Grant arriving   from Paris -- only stay a night at Boswell -- leaving early on the 18thby air
17 WED   Mr. Nagashima, Tokyo, arriving for a two-day business trip
18 THUR  65 Russian students need two days in a cheap hotel
19 FRI    have a group meeting about how to attract  travelers   from Asia 
20 SAT    Mr. and Mrs. Johnson, from Washington D.C., arriving by air
21 SUN    Dinner with Bella at King Garden and watch King Kong at 9:00 p.m.
22 MON   Mr. and Mrs. F. Ray, need cheap hotels for two days
The question is: Mr. Reg Simpson is probably     _  .
The possible answers are:
A:a headmaster
B:a travel manager
C:a traveler
D:an engineerHarry is from London. But he is in China with his parents now. He is 13 years old. He is a student of Grade 7.
Harry is a clever student. He works very hard. He is good at all his lessons. He says he likes Chinese best. He can speak some Chinese now. His teachers and classmates are all nice to him.
Harry gets up at 6.20 on weekdays. He has his breakfast at home. Then he walks to school. His lessons begin at 7.50 every day. In the morning, they have four classes. Harry has lunch at school with his classmates. They have three classes in the afternoon. And school is over at 4.40.
After school, Harry plays ball games in the playground. He goes home at about 5.30. He has supper with his parents every day. In the evening, he does his homework and watches TV. And then he goes to bed at 9.30.
"I like living in China very much. The people here are friendly and the food is very nice. I like all the things here," He says to his parents.
The question is: Which is Harry's favourite subject?
The possible answers are:
A:English.
B:Chinese.
C:Maths.
D:Ball games.When I had something difficult to do, I used to ask my mum for help. But she always said, "Do it yourself, dear." I was not happy about this at all. I thought she was the laziest mother in the world!
For example, one day, some of my friends would come to my home. My bedroom was really untidy. Books were all over the floor, and I didn't make the bed. So I asked my mum to help me clean it, but she still said, "Do it yourself, my daughter."
Because of my "lazy mum", I have to wash my clothes and clean my room. I have to help my parents do housework. I even have to go to hospital by myself. It is very hard to do everything well on my own, but I have learnt a lot.
As time goes by, I come to understand my mum. She makes me clever and hard-working. How great she is! A good mother is worth   100 teachers! Don't you think so?
The question is: When you have something difficult to do, you should  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:do nothing
B:ask your mother to do it for you
C:try to do it yourself
D:ask your friends to do it for youYoung people can have problems with their minds.Some students become worried because they have to study very hard.Others have trouble getting on well with people like their parents and classmates.
Liu Wei,a junior 2 student from Hefei,could not understand his teacher and was doing badly in his lessons.He became so worried about it that he started to cut his finger with a knife.
Another student,14-year-old Yan Fang from Guangzhou,was afraid of exams.She got very worried when she looked at the exam paper.She couldn't think of anything to write.
A recent report from Jiefang Daily says about 18% of Shanghai teenagers have mental problems.Their troubles include being worried and very unhappy.And they have problems in learning and getting on with people.Many students who have problems won't ask others for advice or help.Some think they will look stupid if they go to see a doctor.Others don't want to talk about their secret.
Liang Yuezhu,an expert on teenagers from Beijing Anding Hospital has the following advice for teenagers:
* Talk to your parents or teachers often
* Take part in group activities and play sports
* Go to see a doctor if you feel unhappy or unwell
The question is: The students who often become worried or have trouble getting on with others may have  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:mental problems
B:a headache
C:knives with them
D:no parentsEveryone wants to be healthy. Then do you know how to keep in good health? You may say, "Having a balanced diet and doing exercise can help us." I agree with you. _ 1  In fact, good sleep is also very important.
Lots of people in the world have sleep problems. They can't sleep well at night. _ They are unhappy and stressed out. Then they may have some other health problems. _ 2 _ 
How can people sleep well at night? Here are some good ideas. _ 3 _ 
* Sleep in a quiet room.
* Do some exercise before going to bed. It'll make you sleepy .
* Wash your feet in warm water before you go to bed.
* Have a glass of milk. It's pretty good for sleeping.
* Don't think about boring things. _ 4Try to be relaxed.
The question is: The writer  thinks people should   _   to stay healthy.
The possible answers are:
A:eat well and do exercise
B:sleep well
C:have more vegetables
D:eat and sleep well, and do exerciseMr. and Mrs. Su don't often go out in the evening, but today they go out for a walk after supper. They go to the park and have a good time there. On their way home, Mr. Su says to Mr. Su, "Look! A woman is running in the street and a man is running after her." Mr. Su says, "What's the matter? Let's go and help her."
Now the woman gets near them. Mr. Su asks, "Shall we help you?" "No, thank you," the woman says, "My husband  and I are running home, and the slower  one does the housework."
The question is: Mr. and Mrs. Su have a good time   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:at home
B:in the park
C:in the street
D:todayMr. White works in an office. One day, when he had lunch, a friend came to visit him . They were very happy and talked a lot. Then they looked at the clock on the wall. It was time to go to office. He had to stay goodbye to his friend and left. It was raining hard and the streets were wet. He drove too fast to see the red lights . And he couldn't stop his car and hit a car in front of his. An old man got off and called out angrily, " What are you doing? Do you want to hit me to death ?"
"I'm sorry , sir," said Mr. White . "I didn't find the lights turned red." Then he brought out a bottle of wine  and gave it to the old man .21
" It's very cold today , sir ," said Mr. white . "Please drink a little , then you'll be warmer."
The old man drank some wine and became happy. "I'm feeling much better now. Why don't you drink any?" he asked.
"I can't drink anything now ,sir," answered Mr. White."I'm waiting for the policeman to come .Only drunkers cause accidents, you know!"
The question is: Mr White hit the car because    _  .
The possible answers are:
A:he didn't see it
B:it was raining hard
C:he couldn't stop his car in time
D:he couldn't drive at all.Hip-pop Dancing
Hip-pop dancing is popular with many young people today. They like it because they can invent their own moves. They use this dance to show their love for life. It also shows that they feel good about life, that they just want to be themselves and enjoy life, and that they are not afraid of problems.
Hip-hop dancing has a history of more than 30 years. It first began in the 1980s in the US. In early times, it was seen in New York and Los Angeles. At that time, many young black people often danced to music in the streets. They used their legs, arms, heads and even shoulders to dance. Many young people still use most of these moves today.
Hip-pop dancing became popular all over the world because of the 1983 movie Flash Dance. Some people performed Hip-hop dancing in the movie. People enjoyed their performances. They began to dance like them. Then it became popular. There are two kinds of Hip-pop dancing: the new school and the old school. More and more young people are learning Hip-pop dancing. People believe that it is a good way to exercise their bodies, and that it is good for their health.
,. ( 5 )
The question is: Which of the following is TRUE about Hip-pop dancing?
The possible answers are:
A:It's not a good way to exercise.
B:It shows that young people feel bad about life.
C:Young people use this dance to show their love for life.
D:It shows that young people are afraid of problems.We know music is very important in our daily life.Do you notice music playing at any of those places when you go somewhere? Today, most stores,stations,restaurants and other places play music.You might even hear music in an office or on a farm.
Scientists believe that music influences the way people behave.They think that the sound of western classical music makes people feel richer.When a restaurant plays classical music,people spend more money on food and drinks.When the restaurant plays modern music,people spend less money.Without music,people spend even less.
Scientists also believe that loud,fast music makes people eat faster.Some restaurants  play fast music during their hours.This makes people eat faster and leave quickly.Restaurants can make more money in this way.
Some scientists think that music makes you think and learn better.They say that music helps students to be more active.It is true that people learn better when they are relaxed.And 1istening to music can help you relax.
The next time you hear music somewhere,be careful,it might influance the way you do things.
The question is: Which of the following can be the best title for the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:Music in restaurants
B:Good and bad music
C:Types of music
D:Music and behaviorOne day the students were having painting lessons. Everyone began to draw pictures .Li Lei did nothing. When the bell rang for the break , Li Lei passed his picture to the teacher .
The teacher looked at it and got angry "Why do you give me a piece of paper with  nothing on it , Li Lei ?"asked the teacher.   "I'm sorry, sir. I drew a dog and some bread on the paper"says Li Lei ."Where is the  dog and bread ?"asked the teacher again.   I drew some bread first . When I finished drawing the dog , it ate up the bread . When  I  gave it to you , the dog ran away ."says Li Lei..
The question is: The students would   _  when they heared Li Lei's words.
The possible answers are:
A:be sad
B:be happy
C:laugh
D:be sorryVanilla is my best friend. She is a lovely girl with two big, beautiful eyes. But she always hides them behind a pair of black glasses.
One day, though, I nearly ended our friendship. I remember that day clearly. We were sitting in class. The teacher was giving us our results for a Chinese test. I had done badly. I felt so sad that I wouldn't talk to anyone. At lunchtime, I even stayed in the classroom alone. Suddenly, I heard a voice. It was Vanilla. "You look very unhappy," she said. "What's wrong?" I looked up at her, but said nothing. I knew Vallina had got a good mark in the test. I thought she was making fun of me. I stayed silent , but Vallina didn't go away. She kept asking me questions: "Is it because of the exam? Do you want me to show you the right answers?" I looked away from her. When I looked up again, Vanilla had gone. And so had my exam paper! I didn't know what to do. I looked everywhere for me paper, but couldn't find it.
In the afternoon, Vanilla came up to my desk and gave me my exam paper back. I looked at it and got a big surprise. Vanilla had written the right answer next to every one of my mistakes. My face went red. Vanilla had been trying to help me all along. How mean I had been to her when she was being so nice. I wanted to hug  her, but all I did was to hold her hands and say, "Thank you." That afternoon, Vanilla and I walked home together. I felt so happy that I had to thank her again. We were still best friends.
The question is: Vanilla really came to the writer to   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:make fun of her
B:find out what had happened to her
C:help her
D:show her the right answersNow more and more people communicate  by sending messages with mobile phones, sending e-mails or even chatting on line. How about our pen, pencil or paper? Which one do you think is easier and more convenient, handwriting or texting  ?
Today, texting is the most common way of communication, even among young students. People don't write letters anymore. They usually send e-mails to their friends. From texting to e-mails, it seems like keyboard   are _ the good old pencil and paper. As a result, many students are poor in handwriting. Some even don't know how to write normal words we often use.
In order to improve students handwriting skills, the British government  recently decided to open handwriting lessons in middle schools. The British government hopes the students will be able to learn how to write business and personal letters properly at any length . The students will also be taught different kinds of writings. They will also learn to use correct spelling, punctuations  and grammar. The handwriting lessons will begin in 2014. Why don't you practice handwriting and write letters to your family and friends to surprise them?
The question is: Which is the most common way of communication among young students today?
The possible answers are:
A:Writing letters
B:Texting
C:Making telephone calls
D:Making appointmentsWithout going to a movie festival, where can you find famous stars like American actor Johnny Depp and Chinese kung fu star Jachie Chan all in the same place? Madame Tussauds Wax Museum is the place to be. Now you can find all your stars in Beijing! It opened its doors on May31 on Qianmen Street.
French wax sculptor   Marie Tussaud set up the first Madame Tussauds in London, UK over 200 years ago. It shows waxworks of many famous people.There are 16 Madame Tussauds in many big cities around the world, such as New York, Tokyo and Sydney. The newly opened Beijing museum is the fourth Madame Tussauds in China, following Hong Kong, Shanghai and Wuhan.
What's there in Beijing's Madame Tussauds? Let's take a look right now!
Visit well-known film scenes 
Inside Madame Tussauds, you can see scenes of certain films. One of the most popular scenes is one from the 1961 US film Breakfast at Tiffany's (<<>> ). It is about Audrey Hepburn having her breakfast at Tiffany's. You can sit beside her and take a photo with her.
Find famous people
You can meet famous people from different fields  , for example, American singer Michael Jackson, Chinese basketball player Yao Ming and American businessman Steve Jobs. US President Barack Obama is also here to meet you. You can even sit on his chair in his office.
Learn about how to make wax figures
There is a special area in Madame Tussauds to help you learn more about the life of Marie Tussaud. Also, you can see everything from how to measure   a person to finishing a wax figure. It takes nearly four months to finish a figure.
The question is: From the passage, we know that Breakfast at Tiffany's is a   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:movie
B:game
C:restaurant
D:museumOne day Mrs Black visited her family doctor, Mr Dodd. Mr Dodd was an old funny man with a beard. "What's the problem ?" the doctor asked her. "I am very worried about my son, Jake," Mrs Black said, "I can't stop him from betting. He spends all his money betting on horse races. And even worse he'll bet on everything. It doesn't matter what it is." The doctor said, "I've saved many people from gambling before. Send him to me."
The next day Mrs Black sent her son to see the doctor. While they were talking , the boy was looking at the doctor's beard. Suddenly he said, "I bet you $ 50 that your beard is not a real one." "Oh, no, " the doctor said. "Can I pull your beard and find out ?" the boy said. The doctor thought this is a good way to teach him a lesson; so he said, "Ok, if my beard is real , you will have to pay me $ 50." The boy pulled it and soon found out it was real. The doctor laughed.
Two days later the doctor telephoned Mrs Black, "I think I've saved your son." He told her the story. But Mrs Black said, "You're wrong. You've made him worse." "How can that be ?" the doctor asked . "Before he went to see you, he bet me $ 100 that you would ask him to pull your beard !"
,.
The question is: What's wrong with Mrs Black ?
The possible answers are:
A:She had a bad cold.
B:She worried about her son.
C:Mr black's son had a fever.
D:She worried about her money.Every morning Tom goes to work by train. He has a long way to go. So he always buys a newspaper. It helps him to spend the time on the train. Tom likes sport very much. One morning on the train he is reading something about the football match. So he forgets to get off the train at his station. He doesn't know it. When he finishes reading, he looks out of the window. It's far from his station. He gets off at the next station. He has to go back by train. Of course, he is late for work.
The question is: Tom likes   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:reading
B:sport
C:music
D:workingLast summer, Cathy's family went to New York City for their summer vacation. They stay there for two weeks. New York City has about seven and a half million people. _ is the largest city in the United States.
First they visited the Statue of Liberty. It is one of New York's most well-known historical sites . Millions of people visit it every year.   On the second day, they went to the Empire State Building. From the top of the building, they saw most parts of New York. On the third day, they visited the Metropolitan Museum. In this museum, they saw a lot of famous paintings. During the rest time of the week, Cathy went to Bronx Zoo with her younger brother and sister.
In the second week, the family visited Long Island. They all had a good time.
The question is: Cathy's family went to   _   for their summer vacation.
The possible answers are:
A:New York
B:London
C:Paris
D:BeijingZach has a stepson, Bradley. One day, Zach drove over to meet Bradley. Bradley was a student in a high school. He neither liked nor disliked Zach, even though he had known Zach for three years. Zach was still trying to get along with Bradley. He told Bradley that he was coming over. Bradley said OK. When Zach got there, he asked if Bradley wanted to drive his car. Bradley had a driver's _ . Bradley said all right. Zach told him not to drive too fast, but he could drive anywhere he wanted. Bradley got on the 210 Road and headed northwest. Zach gave Bradley a few driving tips: Don't drive next to big cars; don't drive behind trucks with goods...
On their way back, Zach suggested that they stop at the golf course . He wanted to show Bradley how to play golf. But Bradley didn't like it; he liked his video games. However, Bradley soon found that playing golf was fun and he did very well. The next day, Bradley, for the first time, called Zach. Bradley asked if Zach would come the next Saturday, so they could take a drive and go to the golf course again. Zach said yes, with a happy feeling in his heart.
The question is: What's the main idea of the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:What Zach did in his spare time.
B:How Zach got on well with his stepson.
C:Zach taught Bradley how to play golf.
D:Zach was good at driving and playing golf.There are many kinds of animals in the zoo. Look! There are two lions. They are very big and smart. Near them there is a small elephant. She is from Africa. She likes to eat grass. Oh, is there a koala? Of course. There is a two-year-old koala. He always sleeps in the day and at night he gets up and eats leaves. I like pandas best. There is one in the zoo. She is five years old. She is very beautiful, but she's very shy. Do you like her?
The question is: These lions are very  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:shy
B:beautiful
C:friendly
D:smartI have a big family. My name is Tony Brown. I'm English. My father and mother are teachers. They teach English in No.1 Middle School. I have a sister. Her name is Mona. We are students in N0.1 Middle School. My grandfather's name is David, My grandmother's name is Sue. They are retired , they are at home. Paul is my uncle. He is a worker  . Paul's wife --Jane, is a doctor . They have ason. His name is Jeff. He's only three.
The question is: There are   _  people in Tony'sfamily.
The possible answers are:
A:six
B:seven
C:eight
D:nineJoe Brown had a shop where he sold meat.One day a woman came into the shop at five to one."I'm sorry I'm late."she said, "I need some more meat for my dinner tonight."Joe had only one piece of meat in his shop.He took it out of the fridge and said:"This is $ 6.50."
"That piece is too small."the woman said, "haven't you got anything bigger?"Joe went into the room behind his shop,took the meat into the fridge,took it out again and closed the door with a lot of noise.Then he brought the piece of meat to the woman and said:"This piece of meat is bigger and more expensive.It's $ 8.75."
"Good." the woman said with a smile, "give me both of them, please?"
The question is: How many pieces of meat were kept in the fridge?
The possible answers are:
A:Only one piece of meat.
B:Two pieces of meat.
C:Several pieces of meat.
D:Many pieces of meat.I am 22. I used to work in a hotel. It was boring.
One day a guest and I had a conversation. She asked me, 6/Do you like your job?" I was sad because I knew the answer. "No".
She was 74 and gave me the most beautiful advice that I remember in all my life:
You are too young to hate your job, young man. Go to get your passport and start your adventure( ). "
So I did.
Since I was a little kid I was dreaming to know Europe. So next day I had my passport. And one week later, my plane tickets.
It was impossible to have a long holiday.  So I resigned .  My boss said I was crazy. My friends said that I was not responsible. I just paid no attention to those voices.
It was Europe in winter. Not the best time to travel there. But Europe in winter is really cheap.
I packed some books, a camera, 4 shirts, 2 pants, a coat, gloves, 2 pairs of walking shoes, candies and music to give away.
I had little money.  I just walked and walked.  I went to high mountains and big cities.
saw some beautiful sunsets . I heard some of the best musicians (for free). I discovered that there was still love in the world. I realized that sunrises are not always blue or yellow. Sometimes they mix.
I spent 22 days and $1,500 (including the plane tickets). What I did to save money:
1. Used Couch, Surfing'( ).
2. Ate 20-cents bread.
3. Went to Burger King to get free potato chips and water.
4. Learned to cook.
5. Talked with local  people.  They always know where to do cool and cheap
6. Only went to free museums (only in England).
Until this point in my life, I never had a clear idea of how to deal with my life. Now I do. I want to be a photographer so that I can inspire  people with my pictures.
Thanks to this travel. Thanks to that lady.
The question is: In order to save money, he  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:lived in hotels
B:ate bread and hamburgers
C:worked as a cook
D:tried to find places to do cool and cheap stuffHow do most students spend  their free time? Do they have time to do the things they like? Let's see what some students do during their free time. Ben is eleven. He has a sister, Kate. Both of them like going to the cinema. Every Sunday morning, they go to the town by train and then they go to the cinema because they live in the country  and there is no cinema there. They arrive in the town at noon. They usually have a big lunch in their favourite restaurant first, and then they buy some food in the supermarket  before they go to their favourite cinema called Star Cinema. They like it because the seats there are comfortable and the films shown in the cinema are always the newest. They always have a good time on Sundays, but when the weather is bad or they are busy with their homework, they can't go.
The question is: They go to the town to see a film because   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:they like the cinema there
B:there is no cinema in the country
C:they don't know other cinemas
D:they want to go shopping in the townSix people are talking about two pie shops in a TV program.
Lily: I've been going to Pie House for twenty years. Now Marie's son is taking care of the business, and he makes pies as good as his mother's. I enjoy my stay there as before. My family also like the pies. We feel relaxed while staying there.
***
Olive: I went to Pie Corner once. Their pies were great, too. But I feel more comfortable at Pie House. I am used to the taste there, which makes me feel happy. I'm really a fan of Pie House.
***
Ned: Uncle Roy used to work for my mom. Later he opened Pie Corner on the next block after he got married. At the beginning, it's not easy for him, but it is becoming more and more popular especially among young people. They think Pie Corner can often give them a surprise.
***
Marie: Roy was already quite _ when working with me. I mean he had different, sometimes even strange, ideas about pies. There were times I thought his pies wouldn't taste good, but they turned out magically delicious. He is really creative and can always make new pies, which attract many people.
***
Lee:  Ned has done quite well with Pie House. His pies make you feel warm. But if you want to try something interesting, you should go to Pie Corner.
***
Chuck: The two pie shops are really different from each other. If eating Roy's pies is like taking an exciting trip, then Ned's pies are just like a sweet home you go back to after a long trip. Which one to go to depends on what you like.
The question is: What does 'avant-garde' mean in the reading?
The possible answers are:
A:Having a new and surprising way of thinking.
B:Trying to find out where the problems come from.
C:Trying to act like someone who knows everything.
D:Having many exciting life experiences.Long long ago, there was a little girl living in a small poor house on a hill. When she played in her little garden, she could see a beautiful house high on the other hill. This house had golden windows. They were so nice that the little girl dreamed all day, "How _ it would be to grow up and live in a house with golden windows!"
When she was old enough to go outside her garden, she asked her mother if she could go for a walk outside the gate. Her mother agreed, telling her to keep close to the house and not to go too far. The day was beautiful and the little girl walked until   she got to the gate of the house with golden windows.
As she looked at the house with golden windows, she was so disappointed  . All the windows were common and very dirty.
So sad that she didn't go any further and turned, heart broken. As she went back, she was surprised to see a little house with golden windows as the sun shone   on her own house.
She realized   that she had been living in the "house with golden windows" all the time. Everything she dreamed was right there under her nose!
The question is: What's the best title for the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:The Little Girl's Home
B:The Golden House on the Hill
C:The Little Girl's Dream
D:The House with Golden WindowsIsland University has a competition for middle school students.
Read about the competition on their website.
School Competition
Students! Here is your chance to help the physically disabled. Think out a robot or a machine to help them live better. There'll be three prizes. The winning schools each will get $ 15,000. Read the information below:
What do you have to do?
* Try to know problems faced by the physically disabled in Hong Kong. Write a 200-word article on the difficulties these people have to suffer each day.
* Try to know modern inventions that help the physically disabled. Then think out a robot or a machine that will improve the lives of the physically disabled. Draw your invention. You can make as many drawings as you like to show your invention. You can even make a small model of your invention
* Write a short description of your invention
Who-can join? All middle school students in Hong Kong. So, come on! Join the competition, and get the chance!
The question is: A participant is asked to write a 200-word article about   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:the difficulties the disabled face
B:his suffering
C:his invention
D:his wishes for the disabledA week in the sun relaxing in the beautiful March weather of Varadero, Cuba is a fantastic vacation for anyone. Luckily, my wife, two friends and I had the chance last year.
To see Cuba, you have to talk to the Cubans. Our friends met us at the airport even at 1:00 a.m. which started our trip on a positive note. After a few days at the hotels, we got to know a local tour guide, Victor.
The trip started off on a sunny morning. Our return trip would be along the coastline from Havana, but out trip to Havana would be through the countryside and the small towns. This trip was designed for us to visit the Cuban countryside.
At first Victor brought us to Revolutionary Square, where Fidel Castro made his yearly speech praising the ideas of the revolution.
Our second stop was the Bocoy Rum Factory. We walked through and learned how 5000 bottles of rum  are produced every day. The smell of rum, and the huge barrels were interesting.
The final stop was the market in Old Havana. Here my wife and I went away from our friends and we toured through this large shopping center. From store to store we saw so many items that all had a clear Cuban feel to them. We bought a picture and some special local things, and then we took off to meet up with Victor.
As a tourist I was able to have a quick look at Cuban life with the help of Cubans. I felt lucky to have the chance. It was an interesting experience in my life.
The question is: What did the writer think of the trip of Cuba?
The possible answers are:
A:The trip was really boring
B:The trip was relaxing in the sun
C:The trip was exciting.
D:The trip was enjoyable and interestingMy mother was telling me about how she and her family got their first television when she was a teenager. Of course, it was black and white. She said she only watched it at night.
When I was young, we had only about 3 or 4 different channels. My brothers, my sisters and I would sometimes fight about which channel to watch. But we usually enjoyed the same shows.
Nowadays, we can get hundreds of channels on TV. There are channels with old movies, cooking, fishing and so on. It's amazing! I wonder how much my brothers, my sisters and I would fight if we had hundreds of channels when I was a child. Of course, we had only one television set.
These days I notice families with 2 or 3 or more television sets in their homes. I guess it stops
People from arguing over which channel to choose.
The question is: Nowadays, how many channels can we get on TV?
The possible answers are:
A:3 or 4 different channels.
B:Only one channel.
C:Hundreds of channels.
D:Several channels.On February 14th,2000,my class went on a field trip to the beach. I had so much fun. When we returned to school,my teacher told me to go to the headmaster's office. When I got into the office,I saw a police officer. Suddenly I realized something was wrong. The police officer told me what had happened and we went to pick my sister up. After that,we went to the hospital and waited. Time went slowly. Finally,we got to see our mother. It was terrible.
On the next day,the headmaster came and told my two teachers what had happened. I was taking a rest that day. I knew it had something to do with my mother. I kept thinking that she either died or had gotten better. How I wished that she had gotten better. When my teacher took me outside,my sister ran up to me. She started crying,"She's gone. Teresa,mommy's gone.
She's dead." I couldn't believe it. We jumped into the car and drove straight to the hospital. Most of my family were there. The silence was terrible. I knew I had to say goodbye.
Today when I look back,I still miss my mother very much,but I know that I will live. My mother was a strong mother,who had the biggest heart. My mother was an angel walking on the earth. I will always remember her as living. When someone is asked who their hero   is,they usually say someone famous,like Michael Jordan or Britney Spears. When someone asks me who my hero is,I tell them,my mother. My mother lives every day. That is what makes her a true hero.
The question is: The writer must think her mother is a   _   woman.
The possible answers are:
A:famous
B:free
C:rich
D:greatAmericans are very direct people. When they want something, they say"Yes", and when they don't, they say "No".If they want something different from what is given, they ask for it.  Here's an example : I arrive at someone's house and he or she gives me wine, but I don't want wine. Maybe I don't like it or maybe I just don't want it. I will say "No thanks". If everyone around me is drinking something, I would ask  for something else,"No thanks. But I'll take a bit of tea if you have some." It's a polite way to ask something you really want. If I really want wine, I just say "Yes, thank you". Unless they happen know the Chinese customs(;), _ will not ask you again and again after you to eat or drink something.
,,. (10)
The question is: From this passage we know that   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:the Chinese people are direct
B:The Chinese customs are better
C:the westerners are more polite
D:Different countries have different customsWe can not live a modern life without traveling.The fastest way of traveling is by air.With a plane people can travel in one day to places which it took a month or more to get to a hundred years ago.
Traveling by train is slower than by plane, but people can see the country when they are traveling through.Modern trains have comfortable seats and dinning-cars.They make even the longest journey  enjoyable.
Some people prefer to travel by sea when possible.There are large luxury liners  or river boats.They are not as fast as trains or planes, but traveling by sea is a very pleasant way to spend a holiday.
Many people like to travel by car.They can make their own timetable.They can travel hundreds of miles or only fifty miles a day, just as their wish.They can stop wherever they want to see something interesting or to enjoy a good meal at a good restaurant, or to spend the night at a hotel.That is why people choose traveling by car for pleasant trips, while they usually take trains or planes for business.
The question is: When people travel on business, they usually take
The possible answers are:
A:a boat or a train
B:a car or a boat
C:a plane or a car
D:a train or a planeAn old lady went out shopping last Sunday. She came to a bank and saw a car near the door . A man got out of it  and went into the bank . She looked into the car. The keys were in the lock.
The old lady took the keys and followed the man into the bank. The man took a gun out of his pockets and said to the clerk , " Give me all the money . "
But the old lady didn't see this. She went to the man and put the keys in his hand and said, " Young man , you're foolish . Never leave your keys in your car. Someone's going to steal it . "
The man looked at the old woman for a few seconds. Then he looked at the clerk and then he took the keys and ran off the bank, got into his car and drove away quickly without any money .
,.
The question is: The old lady took the keys and  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:went away
B:gave them to the policeman
C:took them home
D:returned to the young manTom and I are good friends. Tom is an English boy, but I am a Chinese girl. My name is Li Hua. He is 12 and I am 13. He is in Class One. I'm in Class One, too.
Tom has a nice football. He can play it. I have a computer. I can play computer games, but I can't play football. It's difficult. Tom teaches   me to play football, and I teach him to play computer games. Now I can play football and Tom can play computer games.
The question is: Which of the following   is true (,)?
The possible answers are:
A:Tom has a football and Li Hua has a computer.
B:Li Hua can't play football now.
C:Tom can't play football. It's difficult  .
D:Tom and Li Hua are teachers.When I began to move to Auckland to study the law, my mother was a little worried about the uncertainty of living in a place that was so different from India, where we lived. She worried about the shortage of jobs and the cultural differences that I would face.
I came to New Zealand in July 2013. I found the people were very nice and supportive. Soon after I arrived, I realized the importance of getting a part time job to make a living.
Deciding to do this on my own, I spent a whole day going from door to door for a job. However, I received a little or no reply. This became my daily activity after college for a few weeks.
One afternoon, I walked into a building to ask if there were any job chances. The people there were very surprised, and advised me not to continue my job search in that way. As I was about to leave, a secretary in the building came up to me and encouraged me to stay confident. He then offered to take me to the Royal Oak area to search for a job.
Along the way, I realized I had run out of copies of my resume  . The man stopped at his friend's office to make me 15 extra copies. He also gave me tips on dressing and speaking. I handed out my resume and went home. The following day, I received a call from a store in Royal Oak offering me a job.
It seemed that the world always gives back to you when you need it. And this time, it was a complete stranger who turned out to be a real blessing  .
The question is: The writer moved to Auckland to   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:avoid the job shortage
B:face the cultural differences
C:start his life in a new place
D:study the law in collegeMiss Green is very fat. She weighs 100 kg and she is getting heavier and heavier every day. So one day she goes to see the doctor. The doctor says,"You need a diet, Miss Green, and I have a good one here." He gives her a small book and says, "Read this carefully and eat the things on Page 11 every day. Then come back and see me in two weeks' time."
Miss Green comes back again two weeks later. She isn't thinner. She is fatter instead.  The doctor is surprised and says, "Are you eating the things on Page 11 of the small book?" "Yes, doctor." she answers.
The next day the doctor visits Miss Green during her dinner. She is surprised to see the doctor. "Miss Green," he says, "why are you eating potatoes and bread? They aren't on your diet." "But, doctor," Miss Green answers, "I ate my diet at lunchtime. This is my dinner."
The question is: Why doesn't Miss Green get thinner?
The possible answers are:
A:She only eats her diet at lunchtime.
B:She only eats her diet at dinner.
C:She eats too little.
D:She doesn't have her breakfast.Once upon a time, a boy was walking through a wood and he thought he could hear a sad cry. Following the sound he came to a big, round, mysterious, grey fountain. The sad sound seemed to be coming from the fountain pool. The boy swept aside the pool's dirty surface water and saw a group of grey fish swimming in a slow circle through the pond.
Amused by this, the boy tried to catch one of these incredible talking fish. But when he stuck his arm into the water it turned grey right up to the elbow. As this happened, a huge sadness entered into him, and he suddenly understood how sad the fish were feeling.
He quickly pulled his arm out of the water, and ran from that place. But the arm stayed grey, and the boy continued feeling sad. He tried so many times to cheer himself up, but nothing worked. That was, until he realized that if he were to make the Earth happy then that happiness would be, in turn, transmitted back to him, through the earth on his arm. X|k | B|  1  .  c|O  |m
From then on, he set about looking after countryside. He cared for the plants, and he did what he could to keep the water from being polluted. He encouraged others to do the same. He was so successful that his arm started to _ its normal color. When the grey had disappeared completely, he started feeling happy again, and he decided to go and visit the fountain. When he was still some way from the fountain he could hear the fish singing happily.
The question is: What happened to the boy when he stuck his arm into the water?
The possible answers are:
A:He caught some fish.
B:His arm was bitten by the fish.
C:He felt great sadness.
D:Nothing special happened.Learning How to Learn    $ 24.99
Children who read this book show great interest in study. Many pictures will help understand it easily and quickly.
Basic Study Manual     $ 38.50
Read this book and learn:
What the three barriers  to study are and what to do about them.
What to do if you are fed up with a subject. Children read it to improve the ability to study.
How to Use a Dictionary Picture Book for Children $ 35.00
Read this book and learn:
How to find words in a dictionary.
What the different marks in a dictionary mean.  How to use a dictionary to pronounce   words correctly.
Buy this book and help children unlock their education. What's more, you'll just pay 50% for it before July 1, 2006.
The question is: "  _  " can tell you the meaning of the different marks in a dictionary.
The possible answers are:
A:Learning How to Learn
B:Study Skills for Life
C:Basic Study Manual
D:How to Use a Dictionary Picture Book for ChildrenMr and Mrs Brown come from Sydney . They have two children, Jim and Kate. They are all in Sanya now.
Mr Brown likes swimming and reading, too. They often go swimming in the afternoon. Jim and Kate like playing games. They often play games with Chinese boys and girls.
Jim's uncle works in a restaurant near Sydney. He likes swimming, too. He wants to work in Sanya and to be a swimmer. But he can't speak Chinese. So he is still there and goes to Chinese classes every week.
The question is: Jim and Kate are from   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:America
B:Canada
C:England
D:AustraliaParents are the closest people to you in the world. They love you just because you're you. And they would do anything for you.
Like a lot of middle school students, Zhang Li has a problem. She and her parents don't get on well. "I really want to be my daddy's good girl. But it seems he just doesn't understand. He talks to me but doesn't listen to me," said Zhang Li, a student from Grade Three.
Do you and your parents also have problems?
Well, why don't you take a walk and have a walk on Saturday? May 15 is International Day of families . On that day, people around the world give thanks for good things about families and work on family problems.
A study last year showed that 1500 Beijing families had the same problem as Zhang's family. The children, 12 to 15 years old, didn't like talking with their parents much. They weren't happy at home. Of course, lots of other children feel that way. But you and your parents will be much happier if you can be friends.
Here are some ways to have a good talk with your parents: find a good time to talk, like when you're eating dinner, going out for a walk or watching TV. Tell them something you're interested in, or ask them about their lives when they were young. They love to talk about _ ! Listen to them carefully, and look at them in the eyes. Be honest, your parents will trust you more. And a trusting family is a happy family.
The question is: The problem discussed in the passage mostly happens to   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:junior school students
B:families in Beijing
C:families in Hebei
D:primary school studentsIn a New York street, a small truck hit a big tree. The truck was full of glasses and they were all broken now. The driver came out of the truck and looked at the broken glasses. He was very sad and people in the street felt sorry for him. Then an old man walked over to the driver. He looked at him for a few minutes and said, "My poor boy, I think you must pay a lot for it." "Yes," was the sad answer.
"Well, well," said the old man, "hold out your hat-- here's some money for you, and I can say that some of these people will give you a helping hand, too." With these words, he walked away.
The driver held out his hat and over a hundred people came and put their money in it. At last the  driver took  a bag and put all the money in it. Then he looked at the people and said, "Well, thank you very much. But you didn't know that the old man is the owner of the truck. I'm driving and making money for him."
The question is: Why did people give the driver money?
The possible answers are:
A:Because they felt sorry for him.
B:Because they knew the old man.
C:Because they wanted to help the old man.
D:Because they were the drivers' friends.Mr. Smith works in an office. He's very busy and has no time to have a good rest . Every evening , when he comes back from his office , he's always tired and wants to go to bed early . But his wife, Mrs Smith, often has a lot of interesting things to tell him after dinner . She doesn't stop talking before she goes to sleep .
One day the man felt terrible and couldn't go to work . He decided to go to see a doctor . And Mrs. Smith went to the hospital with him . Before her husband asked the doctor what was wrong with him , the woman told the doctor all and the doctor understood why . He wrote out a prescription . And when Mrs. Smith brought the medicine to the doctor , the doctor said to her , " The bottle of medicine is for your husband and the sleeping pills are for you . " " For me ? " the woman said in surprise " I'm fine . I don't need any medicine ! " " I don't think so , madam " , said the doctor . " They are sleeping pills . Your husband will soon be all right if you take them . "
The question is: Which of the following is right about Mr. Smith ?
The possible answers are:
A:Mr. Smith doesn't stop talking before going to bed .
B:Mr. Smith is very busy , so he doesn't have time to relax .
C:The doctor gave the sleeping pills to Mr. Smith to help him sleep well .
D:Mr. Smith can have a good sleep every day .Last summer, Mark became a middle school student. He took an English test in the first month. Mark was a good student and he worked hard. He finished the questions easily until he read the last one: "Everyone sees our school's cleaner every day. What's her first name?" Of course, this question is a little special. Mark saw the woman some times. She was tall and her hair was dark. But Mark didn't talk with her and didn't know her first name. The test was over. Then one student asked the teacher, "Is the last question very important in this test?" "Yes," said the teacher. "In our life, we meet many hard-working people. They are important. You should care about them. You should smile at them or say 'hello' to them." Mark never forgot that question. He also learned that woman's first name. It was Kathy.
The question is: What did Mark's teacher think of the last question?
The possible answers are:
A:It was fun.
B:It was interesting.
C:It was boring.
D:It was important.An owl is a bird with very large eyes. Those eyes make the owl look clever. The owl can not move its eyes freely as we can. It can only look straight ahead. If it wants to look at both sides, it must turn its neck. Owls make a strange noise because the owls sleep most of the day. They usually give their cries at night. The cry sounds like " Whoo! Whoo". This strange sound sometimes frightens people at might.
The question is: The cry of an owl is  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:frightening
B:good to listen to
C:like a song
D:like the sound of a COWA rich man was riding along the road and saw an old man digging in his garden. There was a young tree lying on the ground. The rich man asked the old man. "What kind of tree are you planting there. My good man?"
"This is a fig tree, sir." He said.
"A fig tree? The rich man was very surprised. "Why, how old are you, may I ask?"
"I am ninety years old."
"What!" shouted the rich man. "You're ninety years old, you are planting a very young tree now and it'll take years to give fruit. You certainly don t hope to live long enough to get any fruit from this tree. "The old man smiled and said, "Tell me, sir, did you eat figs when you were a boy?" Sure," the man did not know why he asked this question.
The old man asked, "Who planted the fig trees?"
"Why - why: I don't know."
"You see, sir." The old man said slowly, "our forefathers planted trees for us to enjoy and l am doing the same for the people after me."
The rich man was quiet, then said," you are right, my good man. We should do some things for the people after us. Thank you very much." Then he rode away.
The question is: We can express the main idea of this passage"  _  " in Chinese.
The possible answers are:
A:,
B:,
C:,
D:,Dear Da Peng,
Thanks for your email. And thank you for introducing  your Chinese friend Li Fang to me. You are the class monitor for this term. That's good. Work hard! Try to help your teacher.
My classmates choose me as the PE monitor in our class because I run very fast. My PE teacher and my classmates like me. They also want me to _ the PE Club. I think that is a good idea. We can play basketball or football at weekends.
Please send some of your photos to me.
Yours,
Mike
The question is: Mike asks Da Peng to   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:write an email to him soon
B:send some photos to him
C:join the PE Club with him
D:introduce some Chinese friends to himDanny was just tired about the way things were going. His mum came to school and talked on and on about Rick Jackson. It seemed that she would never stop talking. "Somebody's got to stop that boy!" she was shouting. "Rick's troubling everybody in the neighborhood. And he loves to pick on little boys like Danny."
Mrs. Green, Danny's teacher, was concerned a lot. "I didn't know that Danny was being picked on," she said. "He's never said anything about this to me!" Mrs. Green looked at Danny. "How long had this been going on?" she asked. Danny could only shake his head and look at the floor. He knew if he said a word about this, he would have trouble at school.
Danny hadn't said anything about the problem because he wanted to do things with the boys in the neighborhood. After all, most of them were nice to him. He hated to leave the _ just because of Rick. Maybe the time had come to find new friends. He felt it hard to make up his mind.
The question is: Danny didn't say anything about the matter to Mrs. Green because  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:she had known it
B:the other boys would tell her
C:he didn't want to be in trouble
D:his mother didn't want him to say itMr. Grey was the manager of a small office in London. He lived in the country, and went to work by train. He liked walking from the station to his office if it wasn't raining, because it gave him some exercise.
One morning he was walking along the street when a stranger stopped him and said to him, "You may not remember me, sir, but seven years ago I came to London without any money in my pockets. I stopped you in this street and asked you to lend me some money and you lent mePS5, because you said you were always ready to take a chance   to give a man a start on the way to success."
Mr. Grey thought for a few minutes and then said, "Yes, I remember you. Go on with your story!"
"Well," answered the stranger, " _ ?"
The question is: Mr. Grey liked walking to his office because   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:he couldn't pay for the buses
B:he wanted to save money
C:he wanted to lose weight
D:he could do some exercise on the wayMr. Green worked in an office in London, but he lived in the country and came to work by train every day. The station was not very far from his office, and he always went on foot from the station to his office and back from his office to the station. Every evening he walked past a poor man near a bridge. The man sat at the road and sold matches, and there was a dog near him. There was a piece of wood round the dog's neck, and the words "I AM BLIND" were on the piece of wood.
Mr.Green was a kind man. He always stopped and gave a penny to the man, but he did not take any of his matches. One day, Mr.Green had a lot of work in his office and left the office very late. He came to the man and his dog, but he did not stop. The poor man stood up quickly, ran after him and said, "You're always very kind to me. Give me a penny today. I'm a poor man." Mr.Green stopped and he was surprised. Then he said, "You're a blind man. How did you see me?" The poor man said, "No, I'm not blind. My dog is."
The question is: Mr.Green lived in   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:London
B:the city near London
C:the country near London
D:the country not far from his officeVending machines   are very popular now. You can find them here and there. People can buy different things from them, like snacks and soft drinks. Now we can even buy train tickets from it in the train station.
They also sell newspapers in some busy areas. In some places, you can get a can of beer or Coke from the vending machine, but in some others, you can't.
Some vending machines sell cigarettes  . They are called "cigarettes machines". With these machines, people can get cigarettes easily. These machines once   were popular in the United States. But they are not good for children. So you can't see them now. In many areas in the United States, only some clubs and bars   have cigarette machines, because children can never get into these places.
How does a vending machine work? If you want to buy a can of Coke, you can find its price on the machine. Put the money into the machine, and push the button   of the Coke, then you can get your Coke and change. A vending machine makes our life easy and interesting.
The question is: What can't we buy from a vending machine according to the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:Beer.
B:Coke.
C:Train tickets.
D:Clothes.I think it's really very good to be a doctor. On the one hand, you can save people; on the other hand, they share their experiences of life with you.
I've been a doctor in Los Angeles. To be frank, my work is terribly busy but interesting. I can always meet patients in different conditions. One 'of my patients is a successful businessman. Cancer has changed his _ on life. " Happiness is like a cookie in a boy's hand, " he said. "If a young kid gets the cookie, everything will be good. With no cookie, life loses its color. When a boy becomes a man, the cookie may turn into money, a new car, or a beautiful house. "
"It took me many years to understand that the cookie never makes you happy for long. If the cookie is in front of you, you may care for it. But sometimes you may not get a chance to eat it, and then you are busy trying not to lose it. Having the cookie is not what life is about. After having cancer, for me, the cookie starts to lose its meaning. It is the most important that you can live a happy life with or without the cookie, " he said.
,.
The question is: What does the "cookie" mean in a young kid's eyes?
The possible answers are:
A:Money
B:A new car
C:A beautiful house
D:HappinessWhen you discuss about eating out with your friend, first of all, you must make it clear who will pay for the meal.If somebody suggests having lunch with his friend, he might simply say something like this "I'm afraid it'll have to be some place nearby ,as I have little money." The other person may say. "OK. I'll meet you at  Mcdonald's." This means he has agreed that the two will go Dutch, that is, each person pays for himself. He may say "Oh, no. I want to take you for lunch at Johnson's " This means the person is to pay the  bill for both of them. Although the other person is pleased with the invitation, there is one reason why he shouldn't accept it by simply saying "Thank you."
American customs are much the same as those in other parts of the world. American women used to expect men to pay for all the meals. But today, some of them like to. However, if a woman is asked to attend a dinner or a dance outside, the invitaton itself means "Come as my guest". So, as you see, it is a polite thing to make the situation clear at the very beginning.
The question is: If your friend doesn't want to pay for the meal, he may say  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:I'm afraid it will have to be some place nearby
B:Come as my guest
C:Oh, no. I want to take you for lunch at Johnson's
D:I don't want to go anywhereLiang Huili is the leader of Huana International Volunteer Service Group,with hundreds of students, young professionals and business leaders. They held a basketball match to help 150 poor students in western China with school supplies  and winter clothes. She also worked with an organization in the US to raise money for children with heart disease.
Born in Guangdong Province in 1942, Liang moved with her family to Taiwan at the age of seven. Liang taught at a primary school for seven years until her boyfriend went to America in 1969, one year after they got married.
"We didn't have much money," she says, " so I started babysitting for other Chinese families and taking care of my own daughter at the same time." She also taught children Chinese at Chinese schools. What's more, she would help newly arrived Chinese families find apartments and work, and sometimes lend them money.
"I remember those students from China who first came in 1986. They didn't have much money, and idea of what to do," Liang told us. " I then asked people in my neighborhood and my Chinese friends for donations -not only some money but also small electronic appliances needed for daily living."
One of her experiences in Dayton, Ohio made her want to make volunteering a vocation . She remembers how she once collected  two Chinese professors who had missed their flight and had no one there to pick them up. A friend told Liang about it, and she went to meet them herself around midnight. She found the men feeling lost in that strange country, where no one spoke their language. They didn't want to go to an American hotel, and didn't know how they would get to Columbus the next day. " So I talk to them and took them home with me," she says, " and today, I am still in touch with those two professors. We are good friends."
The question is: What can we learn about Liang from the passage?    _
The possible answers are:
A:She didn't have to worry about money.
B:She likes helping others when they are in trouble.
C:Many Chinese families lent her money.
D:She asked people to take care of her daughter.The children in the village wear dirty, cheap clothes. They sleep beside cows and sheep in small houses. They have no school. But they can write 26 English letters, and some know a few English words.
How did it happen? It was because a U.S. group called One Computer Every Child offered them 20 computers.
Can children teach themselves to read when they have no schools or teachers but have the help of today's new technology ? The goal  of the group is to find out the answer. And the results are exciting.
"The children are learning more than they would in one year of school," said Matt Keller, who organized the programme.
The fastest learner was an eight-year-old boy called Kelbesa Negusse. He said that he himself was like a lion.
Keller said, "Seven months ago he didn't know any English. But now he has known many words. I think if you give them food and water they will never leave the computer room. They will spend day and night there."
Kelbesa said, "I like the computer because I can learn things with it." He added, "I know many English words, like dog, monkey, horse, sheep, cow, pig and cat."
Keller said that One Computer Every Child was planning a programme for children who couldn't go to school.
The question is: How can the children in the village learn English words?
The possible answers are:
A:They go to school every day.
B:They have good teachers.
C:One Computer Every Child gave them computers.
D:They can learn from books.Years ago, I lived in a building in a large city. The building next to ours was only a few feet away from mine. There was a woman who lived there and whom I had never met, yet I could see her seated by her window each afternoon, sewing   and reading.
After several months had gone by, I began to notice that her window was dirty. Everything was unclear through the dirty window. I would say to myself, "Why doesn't that woman clean her window? It really looks terrible."
One bright morning I decided to clean my apartment, including cleaning the window.
Late in the afternoon I finished the cleaning, I sat down by the window with a cup of coffee for a rest. What a surprise! Across the way, the woman sitting by her window was clearly seen. Her window was clean!
Then _ . I had been criticizing her dirty window, but all the time I was watching hers through my own dirty window.
That was quite an important lesson for me. How often had I looked at and criticized others through the dirty window of my heart, through my own shortcomings   ?
From then on, whenever I want to judge   someone, I ask myself first, "Am I looking at him through my own dirty window? " Then I try to clean the window of my own world so that I can see others' world more clearly.
The question is: From the passage we know that   _   .
The possible answers are:
A:both the woman and the writer lived in a small town
B:the writer often cleaned his window
C:both the woman and the writer worked as cleaners
D:the writer never met the womanTom and his cousin took a boat trip. When they got on the boat, every passenger  should answer the keeper a question. If the passenger answered "yes", he or she got one gift; if the passenger answered "no", he or she got two gifts. Tom and his cousin saw all about this. Now it was their turn. The keeper came up to them and asked, "Are you _ ?" Tom wanted to get two gifts, so he answered "no" loudly, at the same time he said, "I have never been a sailor, how could I be a good sailor." The keeper gave him two gifts. His cousin gave the same answer, so, he got two gifts too.
The boat started off. The passengers began to open their gifts. Tom and his cousin did the same. They found that one of the two gifts was a small bottle of drinking water, the other was a seasick tablet  . Tom had a look at a "yes"-passenger's gift. His was a nice chocolate. Tom shouted at the keeper, "We are never seasick. Why do you give us seasick tablets?"
The question is: Why did Tom and his cousin answer "no"?
The possible answers are:
A:Because they felt sick on the boat.
B:Because they were good sailors.
C:Because they both wanted to get two gifts.
D:Because they wanted to have chocolate.We can not live a modern life without traveling. The fastest way of traveling is by air. With a plane
one can travel in one day to places which it took a month or more to get to a hundred years ago.
Traveling by train is slower than by plane, but one can see the country he is traveling through.
Modern trains have comfortable seats and dinning-cars. They make even the longest journey enjo
yable.
Some people prefer to travel by sea when possible. There are large luxury liners or river boats
.They are not as fast as trains or planes, but traveling by sea is a very pleasant way to spend a holi
day.
Many people like to travel by car. They can make their own timetable. They can travel hundred
s of miles a day, just as their wish. They can stop wherever they want to see something interestin
g or to enjoy a good meal at a good restaurant, or to spend the night at a hotel. That is why peopl
The question is: When people travel on business, they usually take    _   .
The possible answers are:
A:aboatoratrain
B:acaroratrain
C:aplaneoracar
D:atrainoraplaneOnce an Englishman named Jack Brown went to Russia for a holiday. He stayed there for several months and then came home again. Some of his friends visited him a few days after he got back. "I had a very dangerous trip while I was in Russia," Jack said to them. "I wanted to see a friend of mine in the country and the bad weather made me very late. So I was still traveling through a forest in a sleigh  when the sun went down. It was a long way from my friend's house when about twenty wolves began to follow my sleigh. It was very dark in the forest. There was thick snow on the ground. It was cold, and there were no houses for miles and miles. First I heard the wolves. The noise was terrible! The horses heard them, too. They were frightened and began running faster. Then I saw long, gray forms among the trees, and soon the wolves were near us. They were running very fast, and they didn't seem to get tired like the horses."
"What did you do?" one of Jack's friends asked.
"When the wolves got very near," Jack answered, "I put up my gun and shot the first wolf. The sleigh was moving about, but I hit the animal and killed it. Then all the other wolves stopped and ate it, so our sleigh got away from them for a few minutes."
"Then they finished their meal, and I heard them coming again. The moon was shining brightly on the snow now, and after a few minutes I saw them running among the trees once more. They came nearer again, and then I shot another of them, and the others stopped once more to eat it."
"The same thing happened again and again, and my horses became more and more tired and ran slower and slower until, after about two hours, only one wolf was still alive and following us."
"Wasn't it too fat to run?" one of his friends asked.
The question is: From what Jack's friend said we know that   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:all the wolves had been shot by Jack
B:the last wolf was too fat to run
C:the friend did not believe what Jack had said
D:Jack was telling the truthMr. Zhang, our geography teacher, held a map of the world and asked us where we would like to travel. Li Ming said, "I like countries with an interesting history, such as China, Egypt, Greece and Italy. They are all old countries with a long history. You can see many old buildings in these countries, such as the Great Wall, the Pyramids  and the Acropolis ."
The teacher asked, "Do you want to go to places with beautiful beaches?"
Yang Ying said, "Of course. It's pleasant to visit places with fine weather and beautiful beaches. For example, the U.S.A., Australia and Malaysia  have beautiful beaches."
Shanshan said, "I know many countries in Southeast Asia have beautiful beaches. But I like visiting countries where the people are very friendly and helpful to visitors."
Mr. Zhang said, "Remember: hotel, food and souvenirs   always cost us much money. So we should make a good plan before we go to visit other countries."
,.
The question is: Which do you think is the most important thing for you before you go to visit other countries?
The possible answers are:
A:A long history.
B:A lot of money.
C:Beaches.
D:A good plan.Though chopsticks are used in many Asian countries, they have their beginning in China. Chinese history says that the Chinese had chopsticks as far as the Xia Dynasty (about 4, 00 years ago). In the Spring and Autumn Period  copper and iron chopsticks appeared. With the Han Dynasty lacquered  chopsticks came, followed by gold and silver chopsticks still later. Today we have chopsticks made of plastics. The most expensive are made of part of tusks of elephants and hard green stone.
Chopsticks tell Chinese tradition in their way. In ancient   times the rich used hard green stone or gold chop-sticks to show their wealth . In history many kings used silver chopsticks to take their food to see if it was poisonous . It was said that if it was, the silver chopsticks would turn colour. Chopsticks are traditionally given to a daughter when she marries to show that they should have a son very soon, for "Chopsticks" in Chinese is pronounced like "quick a son"!
Tianzhu chopsticks from Hangzhou, wooden chopsticks from Shanyang of Shanxi Province, and Beijing's chopsticks are well-known.
Many westerners, businessmen, tourists put aside  their knives and forks in favour  of chopsticks in China. Chopsticks appeared in the old Chinese story: an old man teaches his sons a lesson by showing how he could easily break a single chopstick but not a number of them. In China, chopsticks are connected with good luck. So on the country's New Year's Eve many families will lay out new chopsticks at dinners as a way of making requests for luck.
The question is: The history of chopsticks can tell us  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:something about Chinese food
B:nothing but how many kinds of chopsticks are used in China.
C:about the lives of Chinese kings
D:much about Chinese way of life in the pastA rich woman begins to learn painting . When she is sixty years old, she loves it very much. She paints and paints. After ten years, there are lots of pictures in her workroom, and she thinks they are very good.
One day, the old woman is badly ill in bed, but she doesn't forget her pictures. She says to his grandson, Hand, "I want to give my pictures to a school, then the students will remember me. But which school do you think is the best, my dear?"
"Well," says the little boy, "You'd better give them to the blind school!"
The question is: The old woman wants to give her pictures to  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:a blind school
B:her grandson
C:a school
D:her grand-daughterThis is a reading room in Kate's school. It is big and very nice. There is a lot of furniture in it. There are twenty desks, eighty chairs and twenty computers. There're some pictures on the wall. They are all of famous people. Some students are in the reading room. They like reading books here. Kate is here too. Her mother is an English teacher at the school and her father is a doctor in the school hospital. They like reading books in the reading room too.
The question is: Which is right ?
The possible answers are:
A:There are many pictures of flowers on the wall of the room.
B:There is no student in the room now.
C:Kate isn't in the reading room now.
D:Kate's parents like reading books in the reading room.On April 14th at 7:49 am, the town of Jyekundo in Kham, was struck   by a 6.9 magnitude earthquake. My family and I were in our 3rd floor apartment building when the earthquake hit. There was a smaller earthquake (around 4.7) that happened around 4 am and neither my wife nor I could get back to sleep. When the big earthquake hit, my wife was using her computer while our younger son Norbu (18 months old) was playing in the living room. Tsering, our older son who is 3 years old, was still asleep in the back bedroom of the 3 bedroom apartment we were living in.
Norbu flew across the room when the earthquake hit. My wife was also thrown to the ground. Everything in our apartment began to be tossed   around, breaking when it hit the walls or floor. I ran to the back bedroom and grabbed   Tsering as my wife grabbed Norbu off the floor. Together, we ran to the door. I stopped long enough to grab my shoes, coat and a bit of money. I opened the door and one of our neighbors helped us carry Tsering down to the ground floor. I was the only one of my family who managed to get shoes.
After the earthquake, we were able to see that this was a major earthquake. We began to hear people crying for help, badly injured people crawling   to the road and people weeping   for loved ones who had died.
The question is: Which is the best title for this article?
The possible answers are:
A:My Family
B:A Major Earthquake
C:What to Do in an Earthquake
D:My Good NeighborsIn the jungle of Africa, there lives a family of monkeys. There is a Mama Monkey and a Papa Monkey, and they have a young daughter named Hananh. The monkey family lives very happily,swinging and playing in the trees. But it isn't all play. Papa Monkey has to make sure their home is warm and safe. Mama is responsible for the sewing and cooking of the family's meals. Hannah helps with the cleaning ,but her main job is to collect all the bananas and other fruit for the monkey family's meals
The question is: The daughter does the cleaning and collects   _
The possible answers are:
A:apples
B:bananas
C:other fruit
D:B and CTo protect the environment, we are on the way. Here are a few things we can do.
Unwanted gifts? Give them away!
Have you ever received a gift that you didn't like? Did you throw it away? If so, you can have another choice now. Two British companies hopes people will give away their unwanted gifts to them. And they will resell the gifts to raise money for the poor. In this way, the gifts can be refused and have a future life. And people can make a difference to the world.
Wear the trousers that reduce  pollution!
A chemistry scientist and a fashion designer   have created a new kind of trousers. The trousers are made of a new material which can help reduce air pollution around us. Scientists have tested the material. The result shows that it isn't harmful to human. This new kind of trousers may appear at the market in two years. Professor Ryan said, "If thousands of people wear the trousers, the air quality will be improved."
Plant trees with Felix
Felix Finkbeiner, a 14-year-old German boy, is not famous as a child actor but an environment hero. At the age of 9, Felix got the idea that children could do something to protect the environment. So he started a club. Felix soon got support from children all over the world. Some of them have become his good friends. The club has an aim of planting 212 million trees. They have planted over 3.5 million trees all around the world. Felix said, "The answer to controlling global  warming is trees--lots of trees!"
The question is: The trousers mentioned in the passage  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:have been created by a physics scientist and a fashion designer
B:can help make air pollution less
C:will do harm to people
D:will be popular in two yearsJohn is my best friend. We live in the same building. We study in the same school but not in the same class. We often play football together after school. We have been good friends for two years.
John is tall and strong with black hair. He has a round face, a small nose and big, brown eyes. I like his eyes because they are always bright and smiling.
John is always friendly and helpful. When I feel bored or unhappy, he tells me funny jokes and makes me laugh. He'll give me help when I need.
John is very smart. He reads a lot of books. He is good at singing and acts very well. He would like to make people happy with his songs and performance when he grows up. I believe that he can become as popular as Jackie Chan and travel around the world in the future.
The question is: What is John like?
The possible answers are:
A:He's tall and strong with black hair.
B:He's very smart.
C:He's helpful and polite.
D:He's friendly and helpful.This is a picture of a classroom. The classroom is big and clean. You can see a teacher's desk, six desks and seven chairs. You can see a girl and a boy ,too.
Four books are on the teacher's desk. A pencil case is on the desk. Two pens and two rulers are in the pencil case .A school bag is under a chair. A ball is on the floor.
The girl is Mary, She is 11.The boy is Jack. He is 12.They are is Class Two. They are friends. The teacher is Miss Smith. She is not here.
The question is: It's a picture of  _
The possible answers are:
A:boys and girls
B:desks and chairs
C:a classroom
D:a bedroomRecently, China Dream has been the subject of a public topic. Although it is quite common for Chinese people to dream of a developed China, most people also have their own dreams. I interviewed several young Chinese students with higher US educational backgrounds. They all had their own dreams for their native country.
Fred Wang, an MBA student in the US, said, "I dream of equal chance for the young in China. Equality means all young people can compete fairly, based on the rule-of-law no matter whether they are rich or poor."
Yujie Zhao, another MBA student in California, said, "I dream of having the best education for my children so they will not lose at the starting line, and I dream of being able to take good care of my parents after they return home from work."
Yiqiong Zhang, an MBA graduate from the US, shared her dreams. "I have a dream which I have been holding for many years, that is after working hard for about 20 to 25 years, I can have enough money to build and manage a bookstore or a flower shop. Besides working hard, I am able to enjoy life, to play the piano, to hike and to enjoy a two-month-long vacation every year. This may be a common dream among young Chinese students."
There is no doubt that all of these young students have their own China Dream. They all love chasing their dreams. The beautiful China Dream requires everyone's hard work. Everyone should work hard to make their dreams come true.
The question is: From the passage we can learn that China Dream   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:is very difficult to come true
B:requires everyone's hard work
C:is a subject we need to teach in school
D:is only a dream of young Chinese studentsMy name is Tom. I like shopping, but I think shopping with young children is not an easy thing. I have to look after them while I am shopping. I don't think shopping with women is fun, either. I often go shopping with my friends. It is fun. If I think a kind of shirt is fit for me, I think it is also fit for my friends. So I'd like them to think about buying the same things.
My name is Sandy. I like shopping too. But I never go shopping on Saturdays or Sundays. There are a lot of people in the shops. I like shopping with my friends. I usually spend a lot of time choosing   things because I never buy the first thing I see. I always look around other shops to find the best price. I can find the best very well. I dislike buying food in small shops and street markets. I think food in the supermarket is very fresh and very cheap, so I like shopping there.
The question is: Sandy likes to buy food  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:in small shops
B:in street markets
C:in the supermarket
D:on the InternetGood afternoon and welcome to England. We hope that your visit here will be pleasant. Today, I would like to draw your attention to a few of our laws.
The first one is about drinking. Now you may not buy alcohol  in this country if you are under 18 years old, nor may your friends buy it for you.
Secondly, noise. Enjoy yourselves by all means, but please don't make unnecessary noise, especially at night. We ask you to respect other people who may wish to be quiet.
Thirdly, crossing the road. Be careful. The traffic moves on the left side of the road in this country. Use the crossing for walking and don't take any chances when crossing the road.
My next point is about rubbish. It is an offence  to drop litter in the street. When you have something to throw away, please put it in your pocket and take it home, or put it into a rubbish bin.
Finally, smoking. It is against the law to buy cigarettes or tobacco  if you are under 16 years old.
I'd like to finish by saying that if you need any kind of help, you can turn to the police. The police will be pleased to help you. You can call, or directly go to ask any policeman.
The question is: How many points are mentioned in this speech?
The possible answers are:
A:Three.
B:Four.
C:Five.
D:Six.There are four seasons in a year.They are spring, summer, autumn and winter.
Spring is a beautiful season. It is from March to May. In spring, the trees turn  green, and the flowers _ . Everything loooks new.
Summer is a happy season. It is from June to August. In summer, we can swim and eat a lot of ice cream. Of course, we have a long holiday,summer holiday! At that time, we can join the summer camp. That's great! Autumn is a colourful season. It lasts  from September to November. In autumn, the leaves on the trees turn yellow. Sometimes they are yellow or red. The colors are beautiful.
Winter is a cold season. It's from December to February. In winter, it begins to snow in most places of China. Snow is white, and everything looks white. The children like playing with snow.
The question is: How many seasons are there in a year?
The possible answers are:
A:Six
B:Five.
C:Four.
D:Two.The King lived a small house near New York with their child . Sometimes Mr King came back from work very late. When his wife and the child were asleep, he opened the front door of his house with his key and came in very quietly.
But one night when he was coming home late, he lost his key. So when he reached his house , he rang the bell. Nothing happened. He rang it again. Again nothing happened. Nobody moved inside the house. Mr King knocked at the bedroom window. He spoke to his wife, he shouted, but she didn't wake up. At last he stopped and thought for a minute. Then he began to speak like a small child. "Mum," he said, "I want to go to the toilet." He spoke quietly, but at once Mrs King woke up. Then he spoke to her, and she opened the door for him.
The question is: Like a small child, Mr King spoke to his sleeping wife  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:loudly
B:in a low voice
C:angrily
D:with tears in his eyesHello , boys and girls ! I'm Anna Green . Look ! This is my bedroom . The wall is white . And this is my bed . B-E-D , bed . It's green . What's this on the bed ? It is a quilt . It's a yellow quilt . And that's a jacket . It's green , too . What are those on the sofa ? They are my books . Oh , what's this on the wall ? It's a map of China . What color is it ? It is green . Oh , no . It's yellow . No , it's blue , yellow and brown . I like my bedroom very much .
The question is: The map is   _   .
The possible answers are:
A:green
B:yellow
C:yellow and green
D:blue , yellow and brownTeaching is one of the most rewarding  jobs. It is also one of the most stressful. If you want to be a teacher, you should have a passion  for young people. If you are thinking about going into teaching for any other reason than this, you need to find another job.
Teaching is difficult. Students can be difficult. Parents can be difficult. If you do not have a passion for the young people that you teach, you will burn out quickly. Passion is what keeps an excellent teacher going. When students have trouble understanding what is taught, it is what drives him to spend long hours trying to think out how to help them. If you do not have enough passion for your students, you might last a year or two, but not long. Passion is a must-have quality  for every good teacher.
Teaching can be rewarding, but you shouldn't expect that reward to come easily. Teachers who search out better and new methods are the ones who will make it. A good teacher needs to be able to work with everyone. All teachers face stress. It is important to be able to deal with everything that is thrown at you when you walk through your classroom doors. There are so many chances for stress within a classroom that an excellent teacher has to be able to bring it in control. If you cannot manage stress quite well, then teaching may not be the right job for you.
The question is: A successful teacher is someone who   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:burns out quickly and easily
B:faces the most stress and difficult parents
C:searches out better and new methods
D:has the right reason for his jobTommy was watching the shutters  open and then shut, open and then shut.
"Mom," he said, "may I go outside?"
"Be careful," she said. "It's so windy today."
Outside, leaves were flying here and there.
Tommy watched in _ .
"If I was a leaf, I would fly across the world," Tommy thought and then ran out into the yard among the colors.
Mrs. Pennington came out.
"Tommy, I have your jacket. Please put it on."
However, there was no Tommy. He was a leaf.
A maple  leaf came to him and moved ahead. Tommy followed him.
"Where do you think we are going?" Tommy asked the leaf.
"Does it matter?" the leaf replied.
"If you are blown in that direction, you will fly high into the air and see things that no leaf has seen before."
"Okay," Tommy said, "I will go with you to the dump ."
Suddenly, a car stopped. It was Tommy's mom. Mrs. Pennington didn't want to let her little boy run into the city dump.
"Not so fast," she said getting out of the car. "You are not allowed to play there. Don't you see the smoke?" She walked over and took the leaf. She put it in her pocket.
"There," she said, "it will be safe until we get home."
Tommy smiled, ran to the car and got in.
The question is: What did Tommy think of the maple leaf?
The possible answers are:
A:He was small but athletic.
B:He was kind of dangerous.
C:He was very kind and friendly.
D:He was a leaf that could change a boy into a leaf.There is a library in John's school. It's new and big. It's behind the classroom building. It has three floors.
On the first floor, there are two reading rooms. There are five big desks and thirty chairs in each reading room. John comes here and does his homework after class every day. On the second floor, there are a lot of books for students and teachers. They can't take the books away. They can only read books in the library. John thinks that _ is bad. On the third floor, there is a computer room with sixty computers. Students have IT lessons here. It's John's favourite lesson.
The question is: What's the library like?
The possible answers are:
A:It's small.
B:It's big but old.
C:It's big and new.
D:It's small but new.The "59 smiles" on a smartphone by an old woman in Wuhan, Hubei province in about six months tell a big story. The smiles are from the 59 people who offered her seats on buses. "Everybody can be a good _ , because in many cases a friendly smile is all that is needed to build a better world." says Zhang Yongsheng in an article on youth.cn.
The 69-year-old Wuhan woman has taken photographs of the people who offered their seats to her on buses. The 59 photographs are good memories for her. Some of the smiles are shy, some friendly, while others are like sunshine.
The old lady is not good at taking photographs with her smartphone, because some of them are of poor quality, but in spite of that, the series of photographs has become famous immediately on the Internet.
The smiles that the old lady has taken show people's care and love for others, which is becoming valuable in today's society. Her act also expressed her thanks to those who have helped her, says Zhang.
Offering one's seat to elderly people on buses has become a hot topic of discussion. There have been many cases of quarrels   between young and aged people recently. They could have been avoided if we had thought more about others and also more thankful when others offered help.
The question is: We should   _   to make a better world according to the passage.
The possible answers are:
A:love ourselves first
B:take many photos
C:avoid quarreling with old people
D:care about others and be thankfulI have a friend. His name is James. He's an English boy. He is thirteen years old. He is tall. He has a round face, big eyes and a big nose. His mouth is wide, but his ears are small. His hair is short.
,.
The question is: James is my   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:student
B:teacher
C:friend
D:sisterAmerican nutrition expert Professor Barry Popkin says that the number of overweight people in the world is now bigger than the number of people who don't have enough to eat. A billion people worldwide now weigh too much and the number of obese people is now more than 300 million. "Obese" means at least 15 kilos heavier than you should be. However, there are also 800 million people in the world who don't have enough to eat.
Professor Popkin says that the number of hungry people is falling slowly but the number of overweight people is rising fast. The main reasons for this are:
* People are doing less hard physical work
* More people worldwide now eat too much fatty food
* Too many people are driving cars instead of walking
* People spend too much time in front of a television
The United States has the highest rate of obesity in the developed world and Japan has the lowest. Professor Benjamin Senauer is absolutely certain of the reasons for this.
"Japanese people are fit. They use public transport and walk," he said. "The average American drives to work and drives to supermarket. When he gets home, he sits on a couch in front of the TV and eats junk food."
In Britain and many other European countries, there are three times as many obese people as there were 20 years ago. About two thirds of British adults are overweight or obese. "The effects of this are clear," said London doctor Elena Power. "We have more illnesses related to weight and fewer fit people.
China used to be one of the slimmest nations in the world. However, Professor Wu Yangfeng from the Chinese Academy of Medical Sciences in Beijing recently estimated  that 20 percent of the world's overweight people live in China. The Chinese government is especially worried about the increase in obesity among schoolchildren.
"We have a serious problem," said Professor Wu. "It requires an improvement from everyone, or it will get worse.
The question is: Professor Popkin probably agrees that  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:walking to work helps people keep fit.
B:watching TV makes people put on weight
C:eating food without fat helps people keep fit
D:working in offices makes people put on weightIf we are asked exactly what we were doing a year ago, we should probably have to say that we could not remember. But if we had kept a book and had written it in an account  of what we did each day, we should be able to give an answer to the question.
It is the same in history. Many things have been forgotten because we don't have written account of them. Sometimes men did keep a record of the important happenings in their country, but it was often destroyed  by fire or in a war. Sometimes there was never any written record at all because the people of that time and place did not know how to write. For example, we know a great deal about the people who lived in China 4,000 years ago, because they could write and leave written records for those who lived after them. But we know almost nothing about the people who lived even 200 years ago in central Africa because they had not learnt to write.
Sometimes, even if the people cannot write, they may know something of the past. They have heard about it from older people and often songs and dances and stories have been made about the most important happenings, and those have been sung and acted and told for many generations , for most people are proud to tell what their fathers did in the past. This we may call "remembered history". Some of it has been written history because words are much more easily changed when used again and again in speech than when copied in writing. But where there are no written records, such spoken stories are often helpful.
The question is: We know very little about the central Africa 200 years ago because   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:there was nothing worth writing down at that time
B:the people there paid no attention to the importance of keeping a record
C:the written records were perhaps destroyed by fire
D:the people there did not know how to writeDear Kitty:
News! We have a new flat! The rooms are small, but they are comfortable. There are more rooms here than in our old flat. This is good because now I have my own room. In the old flat, I share with my sister.
My bedroom is my favourite room in our flat. I can be alone in it. I can read or draw. I can listen to my radio or play CDs. I can play games on my computer and send e-mails to my friends.
My second favorite room is the kitchen. I love helping my mother cook our meals. She is a very good cook. She is teaching me how to make many different kinds of dishes. She lived in Morocco when she was a girl, and she can cook Moroccan food. It's very delicious. That's all for now.
Write soon and tell me about your home. Please get on the Internet so that we can send e-mails to each other.
All good wishes!
Anna
The question is: What does Anna do in the kitchen?
The possible answers are:
A:She helps her mother cook their meals.
B:She plays computer games.
C:She teaches her mother how to cook.
D:She reads about Moroccan food.My grandfather is a teacher. He is the head teacher of a school for boys between the ages of thirteen and eighteen. I know that he is a kind man, because he gives me presents , and let me sit on his knees , and tells me stories. But I believe  the boys at his school are afraid of him. At school, when he walks into a room full of boys, they will be quiet at once . When he looks at a boy with a certain look in his eyes, that boy's face goes red, and looks down at his shoes. If a boy brings careless work, my grandfather will pick up the boy's book and throw  it across the room, shouting , "Do it all again, and bring it back the first thing in the morning!" if the boy is late, or if he forgets to bring the work, he has to do it again, and again and yet again.
The question is: When he receives any boy's poor work, my grandfather will  _
The possible answers are:
A:shout at him and throw it across the room
B:go red in the face
C:throw his students' books and shout in the room.
D:throw the book at the boyIf you ask me to tell how to get along in the United States, I think the following "do's" and "don'ts" would be helpful.
Generally speaking, it isn't easy to find anyone to talk to in a busy city, so you should try to do the following. First, get or borrow a dog! Walk him several times a day! Americans love dogs and cats and usually stop to talk to anyone with a dog. Then, try to eat in a restaurant. People generally share the same table and will sometimes talk to you if they see you are new there. Next, take your dirty clothes to a laundry ! It takes about an hour to wash and dry them and people there often pass the time talking with each other. Always ask for information from a woman if you are a man, and from a man, if you are a woman! Learn to say, "Please" "Thank you" and "You're welcome" and use them all the time!
There are some things you shouldn't do. Don't tell the truth when people ask, "How are you?" The only answer they want is "Fine". Never ask people their age--especially  women! Everyone wants to be young. Don't tell heavy people they are fat. Tell them they are losing weight. Everyone wants to be thin. Don't be late when meeting people! When someone says six o'clock, be sure to be there by six. Americans respect time and want everyone to be "on time".
The question is: The words "heavy people" means   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:people who do heavy work
B:people who are important
C:people who are thin
D:people who are fatAlthough I'm not in my childhood, I still prefer reading fairy tales. They often make me think of some special experiences and feelings. This summer I've reviewed this kind of tales, The Little Prince. It was published in 1940. It's the world-famous fairy tale by the French author Antoine.
"I", the narrator  of the story, is a pilot. His plane has something wrong and lands in the Sahara. The little prince lives on a small planet, and he grows a flower called ROSE there. One day they have a quarrel , so the little prince runs away. On his all-alone journey, he meets different kinds of people. From these people he gets a conclusion  that grown-ups are strange. And with the help of the man he meets, he descends in the Sahara.
This book moved me a lot. It is not only a fairy tale for children and teenagers, but also for grown-ups.
,.
The question is: The little prince runs away, because   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:he doesn't love his hometown
B:he is a naughty boy and loves adventures
C:he has made mistakes
D:he has quarrelled with ROSENew York is a very large city with 8 million people. How do so many people move on their way to work or school? In New York you can travel by subway, bus, taxi and private car.
The subway runs on the railroad lines under the city. Travelling by subway is the fastest way to get around the city. The second way to travel around the city is by public bus. It is a slower way to travel. This is because the traffic is very heavy.
You can also travel around the city by taxi. This is very expensive, but the taxi will take you to the very place you want to. If traffic is heavy, the taxi will be slow, too.
During the mornings and afternoons, there is the "rush hour".This is the time when the traffic is very heavy with people going to and from work. The last way to get around New York is using your own private car. It is inconvenient   because you will perhaps be driving during the "rush hour".The best time to travel around the city is from 9 am to 4 pm, because it isn't the "rush hour".
The question is: How many ways of travelling around the city are mentioned   in the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:Two.
B:Three.
C:Four.
D:Five.An ID card is the most important proof of identity for each person. It shows one's name, date of birth, address, nationality, photo and ID number.
China's top legislature   added something new to the Resident Identity Card Law. It passed the suggestions of recording Chinese citizens' fingerprints when they apply for or change ID cards.
Fingerprints would make it easier to recognize the people who own the cards. It can stop people from making fake ID cards.
Li Xiao'ou, a bank worker in Beijing, said fingerprint data will make bank business safer. "No two people have the same fingerprints," he said. "The new card can better protect their private information. It will prevent their identity from being used by others when people want to do banking."
As ID cards will contain more personal information, many people worry that some institutions   may let their information out. The amended law tries to better protect it. Government offices and other public institutions, like banks and hospitals, could face a fine of 500,000 yuan if they give out citizens' personal information.
The question is: The new ID card will make bank business safer because   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:the bank worker can't know the person's information
B:the fingerprint data can protect people's identity from being used by others
C:it includes many of the person's clearer photos
D:with this card people don't have to go to the bank to do businessI have spent almost a third of my life in China, living and working in this beautiful country. In a sense, China has been and is still my second home But in those past years I had never been to Quzhou.
Some days ago, for the first time in my Chinese life, I stepped into the beautiful city of Quzhou. My impressions of Quzhou city were as I always thought: green countryside, rainy sky, wet air. That was what I imagined for years the south of China would be. When we finally arrived, I was impressed by the elegant   city.
Next day we were taken to visit some places not far away from the city. I was not aware of the direction of our short trip, but when we arrived at Lanke Mountain and got out of the car, I thought that we had been taken to a fairyland   : the light rain over the green and thick plants, the silvery sky like a heavy blanket and the mystery   of this mountain made me feel like being part of a picture.
Jiulong Lake was our next step. The mystic atmosphere   of this place was so strong that I decided to watch the view standing at the top when I stepped into the small boat to sail upstream. Sometimes we were so close to the mountain that we could clearly see the red soil under the plants. _ 
The final leg of the day's journey was a primary school. We were welcomed by the smiles on the faces of many young pioneers. The energy of the hundreds of kids made me feel younger for a while, so educated, so polite and so warm that I had no doubt about the future generations of Quzhou people. The people seem to me the best of Quzhou and they will remain in my memories forever.
The question is: In the writer's eye, Quzhou is   _   .
The possible answers are:
A:green, rainy, wet and elegant
B:green, large, modern and mystic
C:small, warm, dry and elegant
D:beautiful, dry, modern and mysticJohn is thirteen now. He began to study in a middle school two years ago. His home is in a small village and it's nearly five kilometers from the school. He has to get up early in the morning. After a quick breakfast, he has to run to school and get there on time. His father hopes to borrow some money to buy a bike for him, but he knows his mother is always ill and his father spends much money on medicine. He doesn't agree with him and keeps running there every day. Now he's very strong and never late for class and his teachers often praise him.
Last week there was a sports meeting in his school. John ran faster than any other boy and won the boys' 800 meters, 1,500 meters and 3,000 meters. The whole school knew him. He was very happy. He told his grandma about the good news as soon as he got home.
"I broke two school records today, Granny." called out the boy.
To his surprise, the old woman wasn't happy. She thought for a while and said, "I'm sorry to hear that. We have no money to pay for them, you know!"
The question is: John   _   after the school sports meeting.
The possible answers are:
A:ran faster
B:worked harder
C:became famous
D:got a bikeCreativity is the key to a brighter future, say education and business experts. Here is how schools and parents can encourage this important skill in children.
If Dick Drew had listened to his boss in 1925, we might not have an important product: a new type of tape. Drew worked for the Minnesota Mining Company. At work he developed a kind of material strong enough to hold things together. But his boss told him not to think more about the idea. Finally, using his own time, Drew improved the tape, which now is used everywhere by many people. And his old company learned from its mistake. Now it encourages people to spend 15 percent of their work time just thinking and developing new ideas.
Creativity is not something one is just born with, nor is it necessarily a character of high intelligence  . Just because a person is highly intelligent does not mean that he uses it creatively. Creativity is the matter of using the resources one has to produce new ideas that are good for something.
Unluckily, schools have not tried to encourage creativity. With strong attention to test results and the development of reading, writing and mathematical skills, many educators give up creativity for correct answers. The result is that children can give back information but can't recognize ways to use it in new situations. They may know the rules correctly, but they are unable to use them to work out practical problems.
It is important to give children choices. From the earliest age, children should be allowed to make decisions and understand their results. Even if it's choosing between two kinds of food for lunch, decision-making helps thinking skills. As children grow older, parents should let their children decide how to use their time or spend their money, but not help them too much if they make the wrong decision. The child may have a hard time, but that is all right. This is because the most important character of creative people is a very strong desire   to find a way out of trouble.
The question is: Why don't schools try to encourage creativity?
The possible answers are:
A:They don't understand the importance of education.
B:They don't want their students to make mistakes.
C:They pay too much attention to examination marks and language skills.
D:They think it more important to remember some information.Archie is a boy with dreams. His dreams are never boring. He thinks of them all day. He always
thinks out exciting ways to play.
One day, he made a _ . That was one of his dreams. He got his friends in it and that made
his friends happy. It really ran fast.
Later, he dreamed of a big and nice park. But when he told his friends about it, his friends didn't believe in him. They said it was difficult. But Archie still thought of it. He believed in himself, so he started it. At last, Archie succeeded. His park was fun and many people liked it.
The question is: What did people think of Archie's park?
The possible answers are:
A:They couldn't stand it.
B:They minded it.
C:They liked it.
D:They didn't love it.One day , a young man goes to an old man. The old man is _ and he knows everything.
He looks up into the old man's eyes and says, "I know you're a very wise man. I'd like to know the secret of life."
The old man looks at the young man and answers, "I am thinking about that all my life. The secret is four words. The first word is think .Think about what you want to get from life. The second is believe. Believe in yourself, and don't care too much about what other people say. Just do your best. The third is dream. Dream about the things you love. Hold on to your dream, and never give up when you meet difficulties. The last is dare. Dare to make your dream come true. "
The young man nods  his head and leaves happily.
The question is: Which of the following is NOT true according to the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:The old man knows everything.
B:The old man doesn't answer the young man's question.
C:The young man wants to know the secret of life.
D:The old man tells the young man four words about the secret of life.Once upon a time, there lived a rich man. He had a servant  . He and the servant loved wine and good food very much. Each time the rich man left his home, the servant would drink the wine and eat up all the nice food in the house. The rich man knew what his servant did, but he had never caught his servant doing that.
One morning, when he left home, he said to the servant, "Here are two bottles of poison   and some nice food in the house. You must take good care of them." With these words, he went out.
But the servant knew that the rich man had said was untrue. After the rich man was away from his home, he enjoyed a nice meal. Because he drank too much, he was drunk and fell to the ground. When the rich man came back, he couldn't find his food and his wine. He became very angry. He woke the servant up. But the servant told his story very well. He said a cat had eaten up everything. He was afraid to be punished , so he drank the poison to kill himself.
The question is: The rich man knew that it was   _   that drank the wine and ate up all the nice food.
The possible answers are:
A:the cat
B:himself
C:nobody
D:the servantCan plants eat people? Probably not,but there are many plants that eat meat.Some of them are big.And they can eat small animals.One famous meat-eating plant is the Venus flytrap .
The Venus flytrap is a very strange plant.It grows in dry parts of the United States.Its leaves are like the pages of a book.They can open and close very quickly.Inside the leaves,there are three small hairs.If a fly touches one of the hairs,the leaf closes quickly.The fly cannot get out.In about half an hour,the leaf _ the fly until it is dead.Then,the plant covers the fly.Slowly,the plant eats the fly.
Why do plants do it? Most plants get what they need from the sun,the air,and the ground.In some places,the ground is very poor.It doesn't have all these important things,
especially nitrogen .Animal meat has a lot of nitrogen, so some plants eat meat to get what they need.Let's hope that some of the bigger plants don't get the same idea !
The question is: From the passage,we learn that  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:all plants can eat people
B:all plants can eat animals
C:some plants can eat people
D:some plants can eat animalsI live on the twelfth floor of a building. One afternoon I am coming home from a friend's house. It is just after four o'clock. I get quickly into the lift and press Button  12.
The lift starts to go up, but very slowly. And then, half way up, it suddenly  stops between two floors. I couldn't understand it. I press an all the buttons from 1 to 14. I call for help very loudly. But nobody answers.
Then suddenly the lights go out, and I am alone in the dark. I start to cry and beat the walls of the lift. I cry and cry until I have no voice left. Then, I feel hopeless, and press all the buttons with my open hands. And all at the same time, there is a bell far away. It rings and rings. It is the fire alarm . I think the whole building is on fire. I say to the God quietly, "Just get me out of here. I'll never be bad again."
Just then, I realize the lift is moving very slowly. On the ground floor it stops, and the door opens. A man is standing there. "How long have you been there? It is good that you press the alarm bell. But haven't you learned to read at your school? " He points at a small piece of paper on the wall beside the lift. It says: "Attention  : This lift will be stopped for repairs between 4 pm and 5 pm on Thursday, March 13."
The question is: After reading the paper, the writer realizes that he/she has   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:escaped a fire accident
B:made a silly mistake
C:visited a dishonest friend
D:pressed a wrong buttonThe thirteen-year-old Andrew is an American boy. He is a middle school student in Washington. Do you know Washington? It's the capital  of America. Andrew has some pen friends. Two of them come from China. They are Molly and Simon. Their Chinese names are Zhao Mei and Ma Li. Zhao Mei is a girl and she is in Zhejiang; Ma Li is a boy and he is in Hebei. They are good at English, so they always write to Andrew in English. Andrew wants to know more about China, and he thinks Chinese is useful. He will come to China with his parents for a trip next month. Now Andrew is really happy and he wants to tell his friends about it.
Do you want to make friends with Andrew? You can write to him. His e-mail address is andrew008@hotmail.com.
The question is: What does Andrew think of Chinese?
The possible answers are:
A:Useful.
B:Easy.
C:Difficult.
D:Boring.Earth Day is on April 22nd. People say thanks to the Earth and learn ways to keep the Earth safe and clean. But saving the Earth is not just for grow-ups. Kids are also taking an active part in it.
The American writer and filmmaker Lynne made a film called Young Voices for the Planet. It lists a lot of stories about different kids who help to keep our environment clean.
Team Marine, US  A group of students at Santa Monica High School started an organization called Team Marine. They tell people why plastic bags are bad for sea animals and environment. In 2011, they successfully made lawmakers  in their city stop people using plastic bags.
Felix, 15 Germany  In 2007, a 9-year-old boy, Felix, started a club. Plant for the Planet . It encourages children around the world to plant trees in their own countries. Felix helped plant 25 million trees in Germany and 120 million trees worldwide.
Alec, 17, us  When he was 12, Alec set up Kids VS Global  Warming. It teaches kids about weather change and ways to stop the world getting warmer and warmer. Alec travels widely to encourage people to help stop global warming. He has given more than 70 talks across the country.
Olivia, 13, US  When Olivia was 11, she heard about the 2010 oil spill  in gulf  of Mexico. She painted 500 pictures of birds to raise money for the clean-up. She raised more than $200,000 to protect  birds and other wild animals.
The question is: The passage is mainly talk about how   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:parents are planting trees
B:kids are saving the Earth
C:grow-ups are using plastics bags
D:students are raising moneyOf all the students of Grade Four, Bill is the tallest. He's thirteen, and of course, he's the oldest, too. But he's the worst student. He can't answer the easiest questions in class. And he never passes the exam.
But the boy is the strongest in his school. Even the boys in higher grades are afraid of him. So every day he leaves home with an empty bag. When he gets to school, his bag will be full of fruit and cakes. Sometimes he brings some home. His mother, Mrs. King , is always happy when she sees them. She praises  her son, for she can save some money.
This morning, Mrs. King went shopping in the market. She saw an old man selling eggs there. She chose twenty-four but paid only for twenty. The old man was too busy to count them. She went home quickly and told her husband as soon as he came back for lunch.
"How clever you are!" Mr. King said happily. And Bill was busy eating the eggs, so he didn' t say a word.
"What's your favorite food, dear?" asked Mr. King.
"Eggs, of course."
"Well, then, " said the man, "can you tell us what can lay eggs".
The boy thought for a while and said, "Hens, ducks, geese...and...Mum!"
"Oh? But why?"
"I often hear my classmate call me 'Bad Egg'. "
Choose the best answer.(,)
The question is: Which of the following is true?
The possible answers are:
A:Mrs. King can lay eggs.
B:Bill's classmates think Bill is very bad.
C:Bill wished his mother could lay eggs.
D:Bill likes his nickname very much.A girl complained to her father about her hard life. She didn't know what she had to do and wanted to give up. She felt tired of fighting and fighting. One problem had been finished but another came over.
Her father, a cook, took her into the kitchen. He poured water into three pans and boiled  them. After boiling, in the first pan was put some carrots, the second was put some eggs and the last was put with coffee.
The girl waited impatiently, confused  by what her father did. About 20 minutes later, her father took out the carrots and put them in a bowl. He took the eggs and put them in a bowl. After that the coffee was poured into a cup. "My sweet heart, what do you see?" he asked.
"Carrots, eggs and coffee." she replied.
Her father told her to close her eyes and asked her to touch the carrots. She did so and felt that the carrots were soft. After that he asked her to take the eggs and break them. After peeling  them, she got the eggs, cooked and hard. The last, the father let her smell the coffee. She asked, "What did you do this for, father?" He explained that each had the same unlucky experience -- the boiling water, but each had a different result. The strong and hard carrots had become soft and weak. The _ eggs became hard after being cooked. The coffee was very special, it could change water. "Who are you?" asked her father. "When bad luck knocks at your door, what is your decision? Are you carrots, eggs or coffee?"
The question is: The girl complained about her hard life because she didn't  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:want to give up
B:finish one problem
C:know what to do
D:get tired of fightingNow the VOA Special English program Words and Their Stories.
( MUSIC)
Many everyday American expressions are based on colors.
Red is a hot color. Americans often use it to express heat. When they are red-hot, they are very angry about something. Fast loud music is popular with many people. They may say such music is red-hot.
Pink is a lighter kind of red. People sometimes say they are in the pink when they are in good health. The expression was first used in America at the beginning of the 20thcentury. It probably comes from the fact that many babies are born with a nice pink color that shows that they are in good health.
Blue is a cool color. The blues music in the United States is the opposite of red-hot music. Blues is slow and sad. Someone who is blue is very sad.
The color green is natural for trees and grass. But it is an unnatural color for humans. A person who has a sick feeling in the stomach may say he feels a little green. A passenger on a boat who is feeling very sick from high waves may look very green. Sometimes a person may be _ because he does not have something as nice as a friend has, like a fast new car. That person may say he is green with envy. Some people are green with envy because a friend has more dollars or greenbacks. Dollars are called greenbacks because that is the color of the back of the paper money.
The color black is used often in expressions. People describe a day on which everything goes wrong as a black day.
(MUSIC)
I'm Warren Scheer. Listen again next week for another Words and Their Stories program in Special English on the Voice of America.
The question is: What does the word "  _  " mean ?
The possible answers are:
A:happy
B:sad
C:satisfied
D:activeMy name is Li Li. I'm eleven. I'm from China. My mum and dad work in a big factory. They go to work every day but rest two days. I have a sister. We look like each other very much and we like to help each other. She is a middle school student and comes home in the afternoon. Everyone in my family likes to look after me.
My sister and I are in the same school. I'm a good student in my class. There are forty-two students in our class, twenty boys and twenty-two girls. We have our lessons from eight o'clock in the morning to four o'clock in the afternoon. My teacher of English, Miss. Green is from England. She is a good teacher. We go to school from Monday to Friday .We have five English classes a week. Now we can say a hundred words, and play games in English. We like English. We like our English teacher.
The question is: Li Li's father and mother work  _  a week.
The possible answers are:
A:seven days
B:five days
C:six days
D:four daysIt was a bright Saturday morning. I stopped at a cafe to enjoy a cup of coffee and read the morning newspaper. Suddenly, I felt a hand on the back of my jacket and heard someone say, "Hey Steve! How are you doing?"
Looking back, I saw a man. He looked familiar, but I couldn't remember where we had met.
The young man also held a cup of coffee, so I asked him to join me. Very soon, his story began to _ my memory.
Five years earlier, Johnson was traveling home late on a February night. A heavy snow had arrived that afternoon, and by midnight, the snowdrifts were getting deep. His car was stuck in a snowdrift just down the road from my house.
He walked to my house for help. I helped him pull his car out of the snowdrift and up to the street where the snow had been cleaned away.
This was a normal happening here during the winter. I couldn't count the times someone has helped me to pull my car from a snowdrift. However, it was an unforgettable experience for him. He was only eighteen at that time, and he said he was very afraid. No one wants to be stuck in a snowdrift at night.
Sometimes, one simple kindness at the right moment can change the direction of a life. So, be kind and helpful.
The question is: According to Steve, helping Johnson was  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:a normal thing
B:a strange thing
C:an unusual behavior
D:an unforgettable experienceWhen I was young, my father used to grow carnations -- a kind of flower that was red, pink or white. He took care of them with much love and devotion. Every day he came home from work, he would enjoy watching them. And he used to tell us, "No one should touch my flowers."
One day, my younger sister Clemence, who loved dad very much, wanted to help him. So she cut the carnation from their stems   one by one and arranged   them on the ground. She believed that dad would be very happy to see them that way.
When mom and I realized what my sister had done, we became completely silent. However, my sister didn't know why no one showed her any appreciation  . When dad arrived, he went as usual straight to watch the flowers. Seeing his flowers lying on the ground like dead animals, he was shocked at first. He looked towards the street to see if it was any of the neighbors' children who could have done it. Then he looked at mom in silence. Finally mom, who always taught us to tell the truth no matter what, said, "No bad neighbors did this great job, only your lovely daughter Clemence."
Dad's face changed into a smile and then he said, "Do I have better flower than my lovely daughter?" My younger sister smiled and hugged   dad strongly.
,.
The question is: Which of the following is TRUE according to the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:No one knew what my sister had done with the carnations.
B:Dad had thought someone outside had cut the flowers from the stems.
C:My younger sister told my father the truth about the carnations.
D:Dad asked my sister to help arrange the carnations on the ground.Modern life is impossible without traveling. The fastest way of traveling is by plane. With a modern airliner , you can travel in one day to places which needed a month or more to get to hundreds of years ago.
Traveling by train is slower than by plane, but you can see the places you are traveling through. Modern trains have comfortable seats and dining-cars. _ even make the longest journey enjoyable .
Some people prefer to travel by sea. You can visit many other countries or different parts of your country. Ships are not so fast as trains or planes, but traveling by sea is a very pleasant way to spend a holiday.
Many people like to travel by car. You can make your own timetable. You can travel three or four hundred miles or only fifty or one hundred miles a day, just as you like. You can stop if there is something interesting, for example, at a good restaurant where you can enjoy a good meal, or at a hotel to spend the night. That's why traveling by car is popular for pleasure trips, while people usually take a train or a plane when they travel on business.
The question is: If we travel by car, we can   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:make the longest journey enjoyable
B:travel to a very far place in a few minutes
C:make our own timetable
D:visit many other countriesI didn't feel well when I woke up yesterday morning. My throat hurt and _ . I also felt hot. My mother said I had a bad cold. I didn't want to get up, so she let me stay in bed all day. I don't usually like being in bed during the day, but I like it yesterday. I listened to the music and read a magazine. I slept a lot. I had all my meals in bed, though I didn't want to eat much. I had just soup and toast for lunch and some rice and chicken for dinner. By evening I was beginning to feel better. I asked my mother if I could get up and watch television but she said no. Today I feel much better, so I didn't stay in bed. I didn't go to school again, though. I'll go tomorrow if I feel well enough.
The question is: What didn't he do during his day in bed?
The possible answers are:
A:eat
B:listen to music
C:read
D:watch televisionMy name is Jenny . I have a sister and a brother, Rose and Paul. We like apples very much. Rose and I like hamburgers. But I don't like salad. Paul doesn't like broccoli. But Rose does. My parents like tomatoes and French fries.
The question is: My   _   is Paul.
The possible answers are:
A:name
B:sister
C:brother
D:fatherMr. Black, Ann's father works in a hospital. He's friendly to the patients. So he's very busy all the time. Ann is seven and began to be at school. She often watches TV at home. Some of her friends often go traveling abroad , but her father doesn't have time. He and his wife can only take their daughter to some cities in England.
This summer Mr. Black has got some time. He's going to take his family to Iceland . Ann is very excited and tells her friends about it.
"Why are you going to travel to Iceland, Ann?" asks a girl.
The little girl does not know how to answer. She thinks for a few minutes and says, "We're going to see it before it melts ."
The question is: Mr. Black can't take his family to travel abroad because   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:he has little time
B:he doesn't like them
C:he has not any money
D:he forgets itI learned about life from an ant farm. When I was seven years old, my family created one. First, we put clean sand in a thin glass box and put the ants into it. Soon they got to work making tunnels. I was amazed that each one knew exactly what to do. With my mom's help, I kept a record of what happened each day and named the ants.
One day when I had put my face close to the structure (building), accidentally I knocked it over, and all the tunnels fell in. Although the ants survived their earthquake, one by one they began to die. I was frightened as I watched them give up their tunnel-building to carry the bodies to a corner of the farm. My mother reported that the ants were dying of "frustration  ". They simply could not stand the reality that their tunnels had been destroyed.
Although much time has passed, I still think of that ant farm. Over the years, I came to realize the ants have the spirit of teamwork. Working together, they were able to create an amazing world for themselves. I also learned that they should be admired for their hard work. Day in and day out, each worked at their task. The ant farm showed that teamwork and perseverance   are indeed the keys to success. But there was an even larger lesson that I did not realize until recently --Adversity   is a natural part of life, and must be accepted. Unlike the ants, humans cannot give up when they face disappointment.
So I try to live my life like those hardworking ants. But, unlike them, I try not to let frustration defeat   me. I will have to keep building my tunnels.
The question is: What's the writer's purpose of writing the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:To share a personal experience.
B:To tell readers a story about ants.
C:To warn readers not to build an ant farm.
D:To call on readers to learn from the ants.The Earth has warmed by about half a degree(0.50degC)over the last 100 years. It could be getting warmer on its own, but many scientists think that people are making the Earth warmer by making a greenhouse effect. The greenhouse effect is important.  Without it, the Earth would not be warm enough for us to live on. But just a little warmer than it is now could cause problems for humans, plants and animals.
Many of the things we do every day can change the Earth's temperature by sending greenhouse gases into the air. We send greenhouse gases into the air when we watch TV, turn on lights, dry hair, play video games, wash or dry our clothes or drive cars. The rubbish from factories and homes also produces greenhouse gases.
Even a small change in temperature can affect our weather. This can cause changes in the sea levels, the air, flooding, and our fresh water.
The change in the temperature can also cause changes in the living places for animals and plants, endangering many animals.
Global warming is a big problem, and every little bit we do can help. We can save electricity. We can save energy in other ways such as by taking buses or walking rather than driving cars. We can recycle to reduce the rubbish and save natural resources such as trees, oil and metals. We can buy products that don't do bad to the environment and we can turn to solar energy. Remember the little bit that you do will bring a better world.
The question is: Without the greenhouse effect,we would   _   .
The possible answers are:
A:be safer
B:not be able to live
C:have a cleaner earth
D:have a better worldSteven drives a school bus, but his bus isn't the same as other school buses because there aren't any children on it. There are only dogs. Steven's bus takes dogs to school at 8:00 in the morning and brings them back home at 5:30 in the afternoon. Steven takes the dogs to a dog school. There he teaches the dogs to do many things: sit down, stand up, bring the shoes to the master, keep the master from danger  . Many dogs go to Steven's school--big dogs, small dogs, old dogs, young dogs. Steven says that young dogs can learn more quickly.
The question is: What do you know about Steven?
The possible answers are:
A:He drives children to school.
B:He teaches dogs in a school.
C:He has a school for young children.
D:He teaches children in a school.Alice, 35 years old
I like shopping, but shopping with young children is not a good thing. I have to look after them while I'm shopping. I go shopping with my husband only when I want to buy something for him. When I look at a cheap dress, he always says, "It's nice on you." But when I have an expensive one in my hands, he always says, "I don't think it fits you well." So I often go shopping with my friends. It's fun.
Maria, 26 years old
I like shopping very much, but I never go shopping on weekends. There are too many people in shops. I don't like shopping with other people. It usually takes me much time to buy things because I never buy the first thing I see. I always look around other shops to find the same thing cheaper. I'm good at finding cheap things. I don't like buying food in small shops or street markets. I think food in the supermarkets is fresh   and cheap.
The question is: Maria does not like shopping on weekends because   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:she has no time
B:there are too many people
C:the things are expensive
D:there are not many thingsThe Internet can show you lots of jobs all over the world. If you want to find a job on the Internet, use the words "job search" or "employment " to find the websites you need. You only need to type in what you want and where you want to work. In a few seconds, a list of jobs will appear on the screen. You can also type in the name of a company to learn about jobs there. Many websites list full-time and summer jobs.
Job search websites can help you in other ways, too. They show you how to write a good resume  and how to get ready for an interview . They also tell you what to say to an interviewer on the telephone. Some websites give you interview conversations to practice. One website even has a dictionary of interview words. A good employment website can be a big help in your job search.
Good luck with your job-hunting.
The question is: What's the main idea of the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:The Internet lists a large number of companies.
B:You can find many websites on the Internet.
C:It's about how you can use the Internet to find a job.
D:There are many different ways for you to look for jobs.London used to be "foggy"--- the "fog" was in fact smog, a _ of smoke and fog. In other words, it was caused by air pollution. In London, some of this pollution came from factories, but a lot of it came from the coal that people burnt in their houses to keep warm during the winter. By the 1950s, London's smog problem had become so bad that the government decided to do something to clean up the air. It didn't allow people to born coal in any British city. A few years later, the air became much cleaner.
Today many Chinese cities face the same problem with air pollution that London faced sixty years ago. However, this problem is more difficult for Chinese cities to solve. One reason is that more of pollution comes from big factories, rather than from the coal burnt in people's houses. If these factories were suddenly closed, it would harm the economy and lots of people would lose their jobs. Another reason is that changing from coal to cleaner fuels is quite expensive. However, the air in many cities will become cleaner, as the government and ordinary people pay more and more attention to protecting the environment.
The question is: Which of the following is not true EXCEPT   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:people in London were allowed to born coal sixty years ago.
B:the air pollution in many Chinese cities is not serious.
C:smog in fact is a mixture of smoke and fog.
D:changing from coal to cleaner fuels is quite easy and cheap.A young man is lying in hospital sadly. The 24-year-old lost his right leg. The doctor said that his long history of smoking was the reason. "I first smoked when I was 14. _ made me feel like a man and I thought it looked cool. Now I know I was wrong," said the young man.
It is a mistake many young people make. According to the survey, 40 million of China's 130 million young people aged between 13 and 18 smoke. Fifteen million of them are addicted  . The survey also found that about 68% of young smokers first smoked before the age of 13.
Many young people see people smoke in the movies, but in real life, stars like Jackie Chan think smoking is a bad thing and not cool at all.
Doctors say that if a person starts smoking very young, he or she may live 22 years less than those who don't smoke.
The question is: What can we learn from the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:Many stars think smoking is cool.
B:People who smoke can only live to be 22.
C:It's a big problem that many young people smoke.
D:Many young smokers first smoked before the age of 10.Mrs. Black was a poor old woman and she lived in a small village. Her husband died ten years ago. But she had a 24-year-old daughter. Her name was Alice. She worked in New York and lived there. It was far away from her mother's village, and she was not happy about this. One day Alice said to her mother, "I've found a good job in Boston, and I can make a lot of money there, so I will go to work in Boston next week. But don't worry, Mum. I'll send you some money every week. "
A month later, Mrs. Black was very angry. She decided to go to see her daughter in Boston on a train. When she saw her daughter, she said, "Alice, why do you never call me?"
Alice laughed, "But mother," she said, "you haven't got a telephone."
"No", she answered, "I haven't, but you have got one. "
The question is: Alice had never telephoned her mother because   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:she didn't have time to do so
B:her mother didn't have a telephone
C:she didn't want to spend money on calling
D:her mother didn't know how to make a telephone callSometimes children do not do what their parents tell them to do. When this happens, a parent tries to help the child to do the right thing. When this does not work, the parent usually punishes the child.
There are many things that a parent can do. One thing that people have done is to spank  the child. When a parent spanks a child, they will use their hand or a hard object to hit them on their bottom. This is meant to show the child that they have done something wrong.
One parent remembers being spanked when he was a child. His parents used a stick. When he spanked his own children with his hand, he saw that he put a red mark on his child's leg. He never did that again.
One problem with spanking is that it teaches the child to hit someone when they do not like what the other person is doing. Another problem with spanking is that the parent is usually angry and can hit the child too hard. Sometimes parents will use spanking for everything and not try other ways to get the child to do the right thing.
Many parents are not sure of what to do instead of spanking. Some people think that their religion  tells them that spanking is okay. Some think that the law lets them do it. The courts  say that parents have the right to teach their children how to do things right.
Other things should be tried before a parent decides to spank a child. Telling the child clearly what is wanted from them can be one thing. Giving a child more than one choice is another thing that can be tried. Getting down to the child's level and trying a more child- friendly way can help as well.
The question is: From this passage, we can know that  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:good children always do the right thing
B:parents should try their best to keep away from spanking their children
C:parents have to spank the children when they do something wrong
D:children can have more than one choice not to be spankedThe Chinese New Year is the most important festival for the Chinese people. It usually comes in January or February. It takes about 15 days to prepare for it.
On the eve of the festival, people close the shops and stay at home. They all get together for a big dinner. They stay up late and enjoy dumplings at midnight for good luck.
In the morning, people dress in their best clothes, and usually the old stay at home, the young go out to pay a New Year Call . It is an important time for the young. The young people bow to the old people. The Chinese call this "Ke Tou". This means "touching the ground with the forehead ". Then the young people give their best wishes to the old people. The old people give children gifts or lucky money.
They are very polite and do not use bad words on the Spring Festival Day. It,s the most important day of the year.
The question is: It takes about to get ready for the Chinese New Year.
The possible answers are:
A:a few days
B:twelve days
C:half a month
D:three weeksMr. and Mrs. Turner live outside a small town. They have a big farm and they are always busy working on it. Their son, Peter, studied at a middle school. The young man studied hard and did well in his lessons. It made them happy.
Last month Peter finished middle school and passed the entrance examination  . Mrs. Turner was very happy and told the farmers about it.
Yesterday morning the woman went to the town to buy something for her son. On the bus she told one of her friends how clever and able her son was. She spoke very loudly. All the people in the bus began to listen to her.
"Which university   will your son study in?" a woman next to her asked.
"In the most famous university in our country!" Mrs. Turner said happily.
"The most famous university?"
"Oxford University  ."
Most of the passengers   looked at her carefully. Some of them said to her, "Congratulations!"
A woman said, "I'm sure he'll know Fred Smith."
"Who's Fred Smith?"
"He's my son."
"Does he study in the university, too?"
"No, "said the woman. "He is one of the professors ."
The question is: The story happened in   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:America
B:France
C:Germany
D:EnglandTom arrived at the bus station quite early for Paris bus. The bus for Paris would not leave until five to twelve. He saw a lot of people waiting in the station. Some were standing in line , others were walking around. There was a group of schoolgirls. Their teacher was trying to keep them in line. Tom looked around but there was no place for him to sit.
He walked into the station cafe . he looked up at the clock there. It was only twenty to twelve. He found a seat and sat down before a large mirror  on the wall. Just then, Mike, one of Tom's workmates came in and sat with Tom.
"What time is your bus?" asked Mike.
"There's plenty of time yet," answered Tom.
"Well, I'll get you some more tea then," said Mike.
They talked while drinking. Then Tom looked at the clock again. "Oh! It's going backward !" he cried. "A few minutes ago it was twenty to twelve and now it's half past eleven."
"You're looking at the clock in the mirror." said Mike. Tom was so sad . The next bus was not to leave for another hour. Since then Tom has never liked mirrors.
,.
The question is: Tom went into the station cafe because .
The possible answers are:
A:Mike asked him to have a cup of tea.
B:it was quite early and he could find a seat there.
C:he didn't like to stay with the schoolgirls.
D:he wanted to have a drink with his workmate there.Mr. George works at the school lost and found. He works very carefully. Every day, when he gets a lost thing, he takes notes about it. There are pens, books, school uniforms, keys, walkmans and many other things in the lost and found. Most of them are the students'. If you lose your things, it's easy for you to go to the lost and found for help. But you must tell Mr. George what it is and its color and the day when you can't find it. I think Mr. George is very helpful, and you will be happy when you find the lost there.
The question is: Most things Mr. George takes care of are the   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:boys'
B:girls'
C:students'
D:teachers'Once an old man went to see a doctor. The doctor looked him over carefully and said, "Medicine won't help you. You must have a good rest. Go to bed early, drink milk, walk a lot and smoke one cigar   a day. Go to the country place for a month."
After a month the man came to see the doctor again. "How are you?" said the doctor. "I'm glad to see you again. You look much younger." "Oh, doctor, I feel quite well now,"said the man. "I had a good rest. I went to bed early, drank a lot of milk and walked a lot. Your advice certainly helped me, but that you told me to smoke one cigar a day almost killed  me first. It's no joke to start smoking at my age."
The question is: Which of the following sentences is TRUE?
The possible answers are:
A:The old man was younger than before after a month
B:After a month, the man felt better
C:The doctor didn't tell him what to do
D:The old man felt worse after a monthThis is a picture .There is a lake  in the middle of the picture .On the lake we can see a boat .In the boat, there is a boy and his father .The boy is fishing .His father is looking at him .We can see some fish swimming in the lake .On the right of the picture , we can see a big tree .A young woman is reading a book .Her name is Mary .We can see very nice flowers near her seat .A little yellow dog is beside her feet .There are some birds in the sky .On the other side of the lake ,we can see three children .They are laughing and flying kites .They are having fun.
The question is: Are they having a great time ?
The possible answers are:
A:No, they haven't .
B:No, they aren't .
C:Yes , they have .
D:Yes , they are .High in the mountains, and deep in the forest, lives a lake with many plants and animals in and around her. The plants and animals have enough food and clean water to keep them healthy. The wind carries
air, and the rain comes down clear and clean.
But recently, Lucy Lake and her friends haven't been feeling very well. All the plants and animals get together to talk about the problem. "Why are we sick?" "What can we do?" ask all of them. No one has any answers.
Just then two hikers appear. The animals tell them about their problems. "Can you help us?" they ask. "Yes," one hiker says. "I think it's because of acid rain."
"Acid rain comes from chemicals  in the air. The pollution comes from factories, cars and trucks."
"So, although I don't want to, I help the pollution travel through the air!" says the wind. "And I carry it to the land!" cries the rain.
"If you can help us think of some solutions , we will send a message to tell people how to clean up our environment," one hiker says.
With the help of the plants and animals, the two hikers make a list of ideas for saving Lucy Lake and her friends.
Time passes, and the forest and lake begin to feel a little better.
The next time the hikers climb up the mountains to Lucy Lake, they smile at what they find. "We're glad things have started to change," one hiker says. "And we're glad
helped us make a difference," says the other.
The question is: Which of the following is NOT true?
The possible answers are:
A:Acid rain is very harmful only to plants and animals.
B:Human activities are the main cause of acid rain.
C:Acid rain can make the living things in the environment get sick.
D:We should clean up our environment to protect us against acid rain.Growing mushrooms  is probably the easiest thing you can do even if you are new to mushroom growing. It is becoming more common because restaurants are starting to create more dishes that include mushrooms.
Mushroom growing is easy. To start, you need to have a space where you are going to grow these mushrooms. It does not have to be a huge space but just enough for you to grow as many mushrooms as you need. When you have found the space perfect for you, you can start researching what kind of mushrooms you want to grow. There are a lot of mushrooms to choose from and not all of them are suitable to eat.
When you decide what kind of mushrooms you want to grow, you can start getting ready to plant the mushrooms. Sometimes you may want to hire some workers to help if you have a large mushroom farm, or if you are trying to start a professional mushroom growing business. Trying to have a business by yourself can be stressful. If you don't have enough time to spend taking care of everything yourself, dome helpers may be the best choice.
After you have started the mushroom growing, you should regularly check that your mushrooms grow properly and that they are not being attacked by any pesticides  or any other animals or something that could be dangerous to them. That is the worst part of mushroom developing. Protect your mushroom farm well with a fence  or a gate so that only you and your workers can get in and out.
Mushroom growing is not difficult and it is easy to get stared in the world of farming. You will soon possibly be able to provide some of the great cooks of the world with high quality mushrooms that will be enjoyed by thousands of people all over the world.
The question is: The best title of the passage is   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:Healthy mushrooms
B:The value of mushrooms
C:How to choose mushrooms
D:Suggestions on growing mushroomsIn many countries, unusual names for children are becoming more popular, especially when more and more stars give their children special names. In Britain, you can call a child almost anything you like except dirty words.
Some parents choose names which come from popular culture. Because of the film the Lord of the Rings , six boys were named Gandalf. Names about sport are very common, too. Since 1984, 36 children have been called Arsenal after the football team.
Other parents like to make up names, or combine  two names to make a special one. A mother in Britain invented the name Tiaamii for her daughter. She combined the names Thea and Amy (the two grandmothers).
In China, there are some rules about names --- you can't use foreign letters or symbols  in a Chinese name. For example, parents are not allowed to name their baby @. In New Zealand, a name beginning with a number is not allowed. Other countries have stricter rules about calling children. For example, Japan, Denmark, Spain, Germany and Argentina have a list of names. Parents must choose the names in the lists for their children.
In Britain, some old-fashioned  names have become popular again, such as Maisie or Ella for a girl, and Alfie or Noah for a boy. But the most popular names are not the strange ones. The top names are very traditional--Jack and Thomas for boys, or Grace and Jessica f6r girls.
,,. (5,2,l0)
The question is: In Britain, people can't use  _  words in their children's names.
The possible answers are:
A:strange
B:popular
C:old-fashioned
D:dirtyAlice is an American girl. She has two good friends. One is Tom, the other is Jim. They come from the same country. They are studying in Beijing now. They are at the same school-- No.2 Middle School. They have a lot of Chinese friends here. They go to school from Monday to Friday. They go to school at seven in the morning. They all go to school by subway. In the evening, they do their homework and learn Chinese. On Saturdays and Sundays they go to their friends' homes. There they learn more Chinese from their Chinese friends and their friends learn English from them.
Sometimes they write to their parents in America. They tell them about China and their life in China. They all like living here . They want their parents to come to China one day.
The question is: Where are Alice's parents?
The possible answers are:
A:In America.
B:In England.
C:In China.
D:We don't know.Smartphone, poor sight
Look around and you will see people busy on their smatrphones  . Smartphones do make our lives easier. But have you ever thought about what they mean to your eyes?
According to a study, half of the British people own smartphones and they spend an average (  ) of two hours a day using them. There has been a 35% increase in the number of people in the U.K who suffer from short-sightedness   since smartphones were introduced there in 1997.
Staring  at smartphones for a long time gives you dry eyes. When looking at something in the distance, your eyes automatically blink   a certain number of times. However, when you look at the things closer to your face, the blink slows down. This reduces the amount of tears and causes discomfort in your eyes. Another bad habit is using smartphone in dark rooms before going to sleep. If you look at a bright screen while your pupils   become larger, too much light goes into your eyes. This can be bad for your eyes and causes a disease called glaucoma  .
Maybe it is possible for you to stop using your smartphone, but there are a few things you can do to protect your eyes.
* Hold your phone at least 30 centimeters away from your eyes when using it.
*Take a break every hour and try the following: look at something at least 5 meters away from you and then focus on your nose. Repeat this several times. It should reduce the discomfort in your eyes.
,.
The question is: Which of the following is suggested by the writer?
The possible answers are:
A:Don't use the phone for more than an hour without a rest
B:Hold the phone at least half a meter away from the eyes.
C:Turn off your smartphone at least 2 hours every day
D:Look at something green for a few minutes.At school, besides cheating on a test, a kid might cheat in other ways. They might steal someone else's idea for a science project, or copy a book report from the Internet and hand it in as if it's his or her work.
Cheating can happen in a lot of different ways. When people cheat, it's not fair to other people, like the kids who study for the test or who are the true winners of a game.
Some kids cheat because they're busy or lazy and they want to get good grades without spending the time studying. Other kids might feel like they can't pass the test without cheating. Even though there seems to be a "good reason" for cheating, cheating isn't a good idea.
A kid who thinks cheating is the only way to pass a test need to talk with the teacher or another grown-up. They can find some ways to help solve this problem. Talking about the problem and working it out will make him or her feel better than cheating.
Kids who cheat may feel worried about getting caught. Whether they are caught or not, these kids may feel _ or embarrassed. Even if they feel fine or don't get caught, that doesn't mean it's OK.
There's an old saying that cheaters never win and winners never cheat. This may sound difficult to understand, because sometimes it seems like cheaters do win--- at least for the moment. However, sooner or later, they'll pay the price. It's just a matter of time only. And kids who don't cheat are true winners because, when they win, they do it honestly.
The question is: The writer wrote the passage to   _
The possible answers are:
A:introduce the different types of cheating.
B:show how popular cheating is at school.
C:tell several cheaters' stories.
D:tell kids not to cheat.People usually hate mice, but one mouse has won the hearts of the people all over the world---the famous Mickey Mouse.
Fifty years ago most movies were silent. A man called Walt Disney made a cartoon mouse that could talk his movies. He named his mouse Mickey Mouse. People, both young and old, were very excited at the talking mouse. Children loved to see their friend, because he brought joy and laughter to them.
Mickey was a clean mouse right from the beginning. Perhaps this is one reason why people hate real mice and love Mickey Mouse. In his early life Mickey made some mistakes. People were angry. They wrote to Disney and said that they did not want Mickey to do silly things. So Disney made a new animal named Donald Duck. He also made a dog called Pluto. This dog does stupid things and makes mistakes wherever he goes. Now our Mickey Mouse is not only clean but also important. He appears as a beautiful and clever star. He has his friends in almost every country.
The question is: Mickey Mouse is a  _  mouse.
The possible answers are:
A:dirty
B:cartoon
C:hateful
D:silentThe White family come to a new big city  , but Mrs. White's son, Bob, is not happy. He doesn't have anyone to play with. "Don't worry!" says his mother. "You will soon make friends here."
One morning, there is a knock at the door. Bob's mother, Mrs. White, opens it. There stands a woman with brown hair. It is Mrs. Miller. She comes to borrow two eggs. She wants to make cakes. Mrs. White gives her two.
In the afternoon there is another knock at the door. Mrs. White opens it and she sees a boy standing there. "My name is Jack Miller," he says. "My mother gives you this cake and two eggs."
"Well, thank you , Jack," says Mrs. White. "Come in and meet my son Bob."
Look! Bob and Jack are having cake and milk. They are playing football. Now they are friends!
Jack says, "I'm glad you live next door." Bob says, "I must thank your mother for coming to borrow eggs." Jack laughs  and tells Bob, "My mother doesn't want the two eggs, but she wants to make friends with your mother. " Bob says, "That's a funny way to make friends. It's an easy way, too. It can work!
The question is: Bob feels   _   when his family moves to a new city.
The possible answers are:
A:unhappy
B:happy
C:free
D:busy"Dear Grandpa Guo, we are losing our childhoods! Please help us!"
Guo Chuanjie, a famous scientist, received a letter from a Beijing primary school student. The student said that many Chinese kids have to take extra classes on weekends in order to enter key middle schools. The kid hoped more people would hear his voice with Guo's help.
Guo is a member of the Chinese People's Political Consultative Conference (CPPCC, ). Last month the CPPCC members met in Beijing. They are from all walks of life - scientists, businesspeople, doctors, artists and athletes. They give proposals   on the country's important issues  to make our country better. For the Beijing student's letter, Guo read it in front of Yuan Guiren, China's Minister of Education  , during a CPPCC meeting.
According to Xinhua, there were 5,762 proposals in all. Many of the proposals were about problems like housing prices, heavy traffic and food safety, which were related to people's daily lives. Some proposals were about teenagers. For example, singer Han Hong suggested that the government should deal with people who traffic  children.
As usual, proposals will be given to relative departments   after the meetings. For example, Guo's proposal was handed to the Ministry of Education. The departments will consider the proposals carefully and see if they can be carried out in the future.
The question is: Many of the proposals were about problems except   _   according to the passage.
The possible answers are:
A:housing prices
B:heavy traffic
C:food safety
D:scientific researchEnjoy wonderful programmes on Hello TV
7.00 a.m.-8.00 a.m.
Follow Billy
As Billy grows up, his tail is becoming longer and longer. He is worried about it very much and wants to ask someone for help. It is said there is an old man in the forest. He has magic power to do everything. Billy decided to visit him. You can have an adventure   in the forest with Billy and learn some useful English vocabulary from it.
10.00 a.m.-11.00 a.m.
Best Friends
It is about two kids ----Jane and Alice. They are good friends and always trust and support each other. After watching this drama series, you will know the magic of friendship.
5.00 p.m-6.30 p.m.
World Sport
This is a sports round-up for kids. It covers the recent important sporting events. There are also interviews with some young sports stars. They are hard-working and full of dreams. By answering questions on the phone, you can get some sports posters.
The question is: What kind of TV programme is Best Friends?
The possible answers are:
A:A documentary.
B:A chat show.
C:A drama series.
D:A cartoon.Do you often watch TV programs? There are many TV programs on Chinese cuisines (, ),but few are like A Bite of China. It tries to bring something new by introducing more cultural features   related to dishes, such as eating habits and wonderful stories about food.
It's said that more than 100 million Chinese people are watching the program. Most Chinese people regard this program as more than just the regular food shows. They see it as an amazing documentary providing a special view of Chinese as well as the relations between people and food , between people and society.
On the other hand, the documentary also stimulates   Chinese people's consumption  . Taobao, one of China's biggest online shopping sites, reports that the search on food items that were introduced by the documentary has increased to 4 million times in one week, and sales have increased to 5.82 million.
To get enough good stories, the production team spent three months doing research and interviews in about 60 cities before they started making the documentary last July. Filming lasted about nine months. Liu Wen, the director, says "As CCTV-9 serves as a window, allowing the world to better understand China, the documentary aims to help the world not only enjoy the beauty of Chinese cuisines, but also learn Chinese customs."
The question is: It took the production team about   _   to complete the whole program.
The possible answers are:
A:3 months
B:six months
C:a year
D:two yearsHello! I'm Jane. I'm thirteen . I have a sister, but  I don't have a brother. I like games. I often   play soccer with her. I have 2 volleyballs. I like ping-pong, too. I play ping-pong with my friends after school. Do you like games ? Do you play sports every day ?
The question is: Does Jane have a brother ?
The possible answers are:
A:Yes, she is.
B:No, she isn't.
C:Yes, she does.
D:No, she doesn't.HAVE you noticed that the moon is becoming rounder and brighter day after day? That's because Sept 8 is the Mid-Autumn Festival.
For Chinese people, a full moon means that family members can get together on that day. On the Mid-Autumn Festival, people get together and enjoy the round moon . They also send wishes for family members not with them.
There are many stories about the moon to make the tradition more interesting. In China, Chang'e flying to the moon is a well-known legend . Hou Yi and Chang'e were husband and wife in old times. At the time, there were 10 suns in the sky. Hou yi, a brave man, shot   down nine suns. People see Hou Yi as a great hero.
Besides China, many other countries have beautiful stories about the moon. In Greek legend  , Artemis is the goddess of the moon. She takes care of the hunt   and wild animals. Artemis also looks after young children and women in childbirth  .
In India, the god of the moon is Soma. He has four hands and rides through the sky in a chariot  . If a baby is born on a full moon day, Indian people believe he or she is lucky.
The question is: What does the article mainly talk about?
The possible answers are:
A:How Chinese people celebrate the Mid-Autumn Festival.
B:The story about Hou Yi and Chang'e.
C:Stories about the moon in different countries.
D:Who the god or goddess of the moon is in different countries.It' s 9:00 in the evening. The family are at home. Jim's father sits in a chair. He's watching TV . His mother stands near the window. She feeds  the birds--Polly. Polly says, "Thanks! Thanks!" Where is Jim? Oh, he's behind the door. Kate is looking for  him. They play games in Kate's room.
The question is: Who sits in a chair?
The possible answers are:
A:Jim
B:It's Jim
C:Jim's father
D:It's Jim's motherToo many people want others to be their friends, but they don't give friendship  back. That is why some friendships don't last  very long. To have a friend, you must learn to treat  your friend the way you want your friend to treat you. Learning to be a good friend means learning three rules: be honest; be generous;be understanding.
Honesty means being honest. It is where a good friendship starts. Friends must be able to trust one another. If you don't tell the truth, people usually find out. If a friend finds out that you haven't been honest, you may lose your friend's trust. Good friends always count on  one another to speak and act honestly.
Generosity means sharing and sharing makes a friendship grow. You don't have to give your friend your lunch money or your clothes, or enjoy your hobbies and interests together. Naturally you will want to share your ideas and feelings. These can be very valuable  to a friend. They tell your friend what is important to you. By sharing them, you help your friend know you better.
Sooner or later everyone needs understanding and help with a problem. Something may go wrong at school. Talking about the problem can make it easier to solve . Turning to a friend can be a first step in solving the problem. So to be a friend, you must listen and understand. You must try to put yourself in your friend's place, so you can understand the problem better.
No two friendships are ever exactly alike  . But all true friendships have three things in common . If you plan to keep your friendships, you must practice honesty,Generosity and understanding.
The question is: The best title of this passage is  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:A Friend in Need Is a Friend Indeed
B:Honesty Is the Best Habit
C:How to Be a Friend
D:Three Important Points in LifePeter: Let's play computer games!
Barry: Sorry, I don't like computer games, and I don't have a computer.
Peter: Well, do you have a volleyball?
Barry: Yes.
Peter: Then let's play volleyball.
Barry: Oh, volleyball is difficult.
Peter: OK, let's watch TV.
Barry: That sounds boring. Hmm, let's play soccer! Do you have a soccer ball?
Peter: No, I don't.
Barry: Oh, well, do you have a basketball?
Peter: Yes, I do. Let's play basketball!
Barry: That sounds fun! But where can we play basketball?
Peter: In the school.
Barry: OK, let's go.
,A, B, C, D,. (5,2,10)
The question is: Which sentence is right? (?)
The possible answers are:
A:Barry likes to watch TV.
B:They will play basketball.
C:Peter has a soccer ball.
D:Barry doesn't have a volleyball.Spiderman is one of the most famous comic book heroes of all time. He was created by Stan Lee in 1963 and was first introduced to the world in the pages of Marvel Comic Books.
Spiderman's story is the story of Peter Parker, a child who lost his parents and lives with his aunt and uncle. Peter is a shy, quiet boy wearing glasses and has few friends. One day, on a high school class trip to a science lab, he gets bitten by a special spider. Soon Peter realizes he has amazing powers: he is as strong and quick as a spider and also has a type of sixth sense. He no longer needs his glasses and he can use his super power to fly through the city streets! Remembering something his Uncle Ben has told him _ ,Peter decides to use his powers to fight against enemies who do cruel things to people. And so, Spiderman is born.
Life is not easy for Peter even though he is a superhero. He is in love with Mary Jane but he can't tell her about his amazing powers. Besides, his best friend Harry hates Spiderman! Peter is also short of money and time. He has to sell photos of Spiderman (himself!) to a newspaper and he keeps losing his other jobs because he's so busy saving people! Yet he has to fight against different kinds of cruel enemies.
The question is: In what areas does Peter have problems that are similar to normal people?
The possible answers are:
A:Money, time, studying, reading
B:Money, work, time, relationships.
C:Relationships, sport, money, work.
D:Money, work, time, sleep.This is a story about a boy called Sparky. For Sparky, school was all but impossible. He failed every subject in the eighth grade. He got a zero in physics. It made him the worst physics student in the school's history. He didn't do much better in sports. Although he tried to join the school's golf team, he quickly lost the only important match.
He didn't have friends, either. Other kids didn't care about him. If a classmate said "Hello" to Sparky outside of school, he would feel very surprised.
Sparky was a loser  and everyone knew it. So he accepted it.
But one thing was important to Sparky---drawing. He was proud of his artwork. In senior high school, he sent some cartoons to the editors of the yearbook but he was refused. Sparky was hurt. But he didn't lose hope because he believed in his ability and he _ . He decided to become a professional artist.
He wrote a letter to the Walt Disney Studios after graduating from high school. The studio asked him to draw some cartoons on a certain subject. Sparky spent a lot of time on the cartoons. Finally, the reply came from Disney Studios: they aren't like cartoons.
Was it time to stop drawing?
Sparky didn't think so. He started to put his own life in the cartoons. He created  his childhood self----a little boy loser: Charlie Brown. He wasn't good at football.But Charlie Brown would soon become famous worldwide. Sparky, the boy who used to fail in school and who was refused again and again, was Charles Schulz. He created the Peanuts comic strip and the world-famous cartoon characters Charlie Brown and Snoopy.
The question is: What was the most important thing to Sparky according to the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:Physics
B:Golf team
C:Drawing
D:FriendsTo protect the environment, we are on the way. Here are a few things we can do.
Unwanted gifts? Give them away!
Have you ever received a gift that you didn't like? Did you throw it away? If so, you can have another choice now. Two British companies hopes people will give away their unwanted gifts to them. And they will resell the gifts to raise money for the poor. In this way, the gifts can be refused and have a future life. And people can make a difference to the world.
Wear the trousers that reduce  pollution!
A chemistry scientist and a fashion designer   have created a new kind of trousers. The trousers are made of a new material which can help reduce air pollution around us. Scientists have tested the material. The result shows that it isn't harmful to human. This new kind of trousers may appear at the market in two years. Professor Ryan said, "If thousands of people wear the trousers, the air quality will be improved."
Plant trees with Felix
Felix Finkbeiner, a 14-year-old German boy, is not famous as a child actor but an environment hero. At the age of 9, Felix got the idea that children could do something to protect the environment. So he started a club. Felix soon got support from children all over the world. Some of them have become his good friends. The club has an aim of planting 212 million trees. They have planted over 3.5 million trees all around the world. Felix said, "The answer to controlling global  warming is trees--lots of trees!"
The question is: Felix started a club  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:to become famous
B:to become a child actor
C:to protect the environment with other children
D:to make friends with the children around the worldDo you want to go by ship to Australia or anywhere? A big ship may help you. It looks like a big house. There are rooms for everyone. In the day you can swim in the pool or play games on the ship. You can even see a film on the ship. Sometimes you can see birds flying around you. They are flying here and there. Look at the picture of the ship. Does it look like a house? It's very large. And it's the most luxury passenger liner  in the world, called 'Freedom of the Seas' . The ship is 339 meters long and 38.6 meters wide, with a golf field on it. It's so cool to take a trip on a ship!
The question is: We can play  _   on 'Freedom of the Seas'.
The possible answers are:
A:basketball
B:football
C:golf
D:the pianoMany animals go on long and difficult journeys to find food or places for their young to start life. They often travel very far, sometimes even halfway around the world.
Some animals make one of these amazing journeys every year, while others make only one amazing journey in their lives. Some animals travel over land, some through water and others in the air.
Green turtles spend most of their lives in the sea, but they come to the shore to lay their eggs. Every two or three years, fully-grown female turtles swim a long way to the same beach where they were hatched   and lay their eggs there. Some turtles may travel over 1240 miles to reach the same beach. No one knows how these turtles are able to find the same beach again.
Monarch butterflies live in North America. At the end of summer, they fly south to Mexico. In spring, they fly back north. During this journey, the adults lay their eggs and then they die. When the young butterflies hatch, they continue the journey north. No one knows how the young butterflies know where to go.
The question is: Which of the following is NOT true according to the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:Some animals make the amazing journey once in a lifetime.
B:Some animals make the journey through water.
C:Female turtles lay eggs on the same beach where they were hatched.
D:Young monarch butterflies fly back to Mexico after they hatch.Can you speak to dolphins? Of course you can but you won't be able to understand them! We interviewed a biologist and asked her what research on dolphin communication has shown. This is what she told us.
Just like dogs, cats and other mammals, dolphins communicate by using sound, vision  , touch and taste. Each dolphin has its own signature whistle to identify itself and to call others. Dolphins don't have the ability to smell, but their hearing and eyesight are excellent.
We also asked Jane if dolphins have got their own language. She told us that they have and that dolphins started talking to each other from birth. They make different sounds, including whistles, squeaks and click. Sometimes they even sound like a heavy metal band!
We then asked Jane if any interesting experiments have been done. She told us that a very interesting experiment had been done with a mother dolphin and her two-year-old baby in an aquarium. They talked to each other over the telephone! The two dolphins were in separate tanks which were connected by a special under water system. Unfortunately the biologists couldn't understand what the dolphins were talking about because they haven't been able to decode   dolphin language yet. However, it was very clear that the dolphins knew what they were talking about.
Finally we asked Jane if there was hope that we would be able to understand dolphins in the near future. She told us that she and her team have been listening to dolphins for more than 17 years, using special equipment to record and analyze their language. Unfortunately they haven't been able to decode it yet, but who knows -- maybe one day we'll get a phone call from a dolphin.
The question is: It's clear that   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:we can speak to dolphins but not talk with
B:dolphins have not got their own language
C:researches on dolphins have just begun
D:only biologists know what dolphins talk aboutMike's father, Mr. Lee, is a farmer. He lives on the farm. He is happy to see his son move to a new flat in the city. One day, Mr. Lee comes to visit his son with a big orange pumpkin, about 10 kg. He grows it all by himself. "I'll let my son share it with his neighbours  . Everyone likes pumpkin. Then Mike and his neighbours will become good friends," Mr. Lee thinks.
At noon, Mr. Lee gets to the community centre . The building is so tall. There are twenty floors. Mike lives on the sixteenth floor. But he is not at home.
Mr. Lee thinks, "I'll give the pumpkin to Mike's neighbours. They will be glad too see the gift." And he does it. But to his surprise, the neighbour on the left says coldly, "Thank you, but I don't like it at all."The woman on the right says nothing and closes the door quickly.
The old man feels sad. At last, he goes to the market, sells it and goes back home. "Are they really neighbours? " he says to himself. He doesn't know why.
The question is: Where does Mr. Lee live?
The possible answers are:
A:On the farm.
B:In the city.
C:On the sixteenth floor of a flat.
D:On the right of a woman.A student was going to spend his holiday in a cool mountain village. That evening he stayed at an inn   near the railway station  . Before going to bed, he went to the boss of the inn and said, "Excuse me, sir. Will you please wake me up at a quarter to five tomorrow morning? I'll take the five o'clock train."
"Oh, sorry, sir," the boss said in a hurry, "I'm afraid I can't. I won't be able to get up so early."
The student was disappointed  . When he began to return to his room, be stopped and asked, "Have you got an alarm-clock  ? Maybe it can help me."
"Wait a minute, then." The boss said and brought out an alarm-clock. "Here you are, sir."
"Thank you very much." The student said happily. But he found it was rusty   when he had a look at it. And it sometimes worked and sometimes didn't. He asked, "Will it ring in time?"
"I don't know, either." said the boss, "But it doesn't matter. You just give it a good shake at a quarter to five. And it will ring on time."
The question is: The student stayed at the inn because   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:it was in the cool mountain village he was going to
B:the boss of the inn was kind to him
C:the boss could wake him up at the right time
D:it was near the railway stationThere are many things we need to know that we do not learn at school. For example, if we want to use our money wisely, we need to shop carefully. We need to know how to compare the prices of things in different shops. We need to be able to compare the quality of different brands . We need to know how to make a choice when we shop.
Knowing how to make such choices is a "life skill", and we need these skills if we are to live useful and happy lives.
Some of these choices are small. For example, will I take an apple for lunch or a pear? Will I go to school by bus or on foot? Will I wear the red T-shirt or the blue one to the movies? Other choices are more important. For example, will I eat healthy food for lunch or will eat junk food because it is tastier? Will I work hard in all my classes or will I only work hard in the classes I enjoy? We make choices like this every day.
We have to realize that the choices we make can affect the rest of our lives. Just as importantly, our choices can also affect other people. The next time you decide to waste time in class, play a joke on someone or talk loudly at the movies, think about this: who else does your choice affect?
The question is: The main idea of this passage is   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:it's important to make the right choices
B:it's important to know how to compare prices
C:it's important to know how to shop carefully
D:we learn everything we need to know at schoolNancy is an English school girl. She studies in a middle school. She has a little brother. His name is John. John is only four. Nancy likes him very much.
Today is Sunday. Nancy wants to do her homework. She takes out her pencil-box and opens it. "Oh, dear! Where's my pen?" She can't find her pen. She goes to ask her brother in his bedroom.
"John! I can't find my pen. Can you see it?  Oh, what are you doing with my pen? "
"I'm writing to my friend, Peter." John answers.
"But how can you? You don't know how to write! "
"It doesn't matter. Peter can't read. " John says.
,.
The question is: How old is Nancy's brother?
The possible answers are:
A:Five.
B:Four.
C:Six.
D:Three.London has a population of over 7,000,000. From about the year 1800 until World War II, London was the biggest city in the world. But now there are many cities which are much bigger than it. London is famous for many things. Tourists come from all over the world to visit its famous buildings and hear the famous clock, Big Ben. Like many big cities, London has problems with traffic and pollution which stop the city from developing. Over one million   people a day use the London underground, but there are still too many cars on the streets. The air isn't clear, but it is anyhow cleaner than it was 100 years ago. For me, the best things about London are the parks. There are five in the city center. But my children's favorite place is Hamleys, the biggest toy shop in the world.
The question is: How was the air in London 100 years ago?
The possible answers are:
A:It was much cleaner than it is now.
B:It was the same as it is now.
C:It was the cleanest in the history of London.
D:It was not as clean as it is now.What do you think of a forest, what do you see? Just trees? Or do you see many other things, such as singing birds, colorful plants and wild flowers?
The forest is a whole of its own. It is full of many different living things. But even though they are all different, they have one thing in common: they all need each other in order to live on.
The trees feed the forest "people" by making food in their leaves; by using sunlight to join water and minerals from the soil and air. Their deep network of roots joins the soil together and stops it from dying out, making it possible for living things to live in it.
Human beings are like the living things in the forest. We need one another in order to live. We need the farmers to grow our food, railroad and truck drivers to bring it to our shops and clerks  to sell it to us. We need people to prepare our food and cook it and others to take our waste things away. Then, of course, we need doctors, nurses, government leaders, mailmen, telephone operators, and many others.
We also need other human beings in another way. We need people for friendship, to talk over our problems, exchange ideas. Think how lonely and unhappy you would be if you lived all alone.
Life is a matter of giving and taking. We need to help other people as much as we need other people to help us. Think what a good feeling you have when you have done something for someone else. You know, being a volunteer is so great!
The question is: Which one is the relationship   between a forest and your life?
The possible answers are:
A:We are trees in the forests.
B:We like the living things in the forest.
C:We need farmers to grow our food in the forest.
D:We are the same as the forest: we need each other to live on.Our English teacher, Tom Jackson, has some good neighbors. They are Carl, Ann, Joe and Mary. Here's some information about them.
Carl is a train conductor. He works on the railway for 28 years. It is always a good job for him because he likes meeting people. Carl is very helpful and tries to make the passengers comfortable. He often stops to talk with the passengers. He likes his work because he can travel to many different places.
Ann is a kind woman in a small town. In a hospital, she works as a nurse for four years. She likes her work very much. This month she is helping mothers with their new babies.
Joe is a taxi driver. He drives a taxi for 22 years. Most of the time Joe likes his work. He takes many film stars to the airport. He is cheerful and smiles a lot and his passengers like him. He makes a good living and _ a family of four.
Mary is a teacher in a high school. She teaches French. She has 33 students in her class, 15 boys and 18 girls. She likes her students, and her students like her. She is very kind and helps them a lot. She is always happy to be a teacher.
The question is: Which of the following is true?
The possible answers are:
A:Ann helps mothers with their new babies for four years.
B:Ann works as a nurse for four years.
C:There are eighteen students in Mary's class.
D:With Joe's help, the passengers can feel comfortable on the train.Computers can help many workers. They can also help thieves.
There was one thief who worked in a bank of the United States. He paid for everything he needed by check  . Then he told the computer not to take any money from his account for the checks he wrote. The bank's computer did what he said. And it did not take any money from his bank account. One day the computer broke down. People had to do the computer's work. They soon found out what was happening.
Another thief, who worked for a bank saw people filling in deposit forms  . Many of these people did not know their account numbers, so they wrote only their names on the forms. They left empty places for their account numbers. The thief wrote his own account number in this place. When the computer read these forms it looked only at the account numbers. It did not look at the customers' names. It paid the money on these deposit forms into the thief's account .
Then there was the bank worker who told the bank computer to take ten cents off every customer's account each month and put it into his own account. For a long time the bank's customers did not notice that they were losing ten cents every month. But then someone did notice and told the bank. That was the end of that little game!
The question is: How many kinds of crimes in a bank are mentioned?
The possible answers are:
A:Two.
B:Three.
C:Four.
D:Five.Mr. White was in bed and was trying to go to sleep when he heard the doorbell ring. He turned on the light and looked at the clock. It was half past twelve. "Who can be it at this time of night?" he wondered. He decided to go and find out. So he got out of bed, put on his jacket and went to the door. When he opened the door, there was nobody there. "That's very strange," he thought. Then he went back to his bedroom, took off his jacket, got back into bed, turned off the light and tried to go to sleep.
A few minutes later he heard the doorbell ring again. Mr. White jumped out of the bed very quickly and rushed to the door. He opened it, but again he found no one there. He closed the door and tried not to feel too nervous. Then he saw a piece of paper on the floor inside the door. He picked it up. There were some words on it: "Now it's after midnight, so it's April 1st. Happy April Fool's Day!"
"Oh, it was the funny boy next door!"  Mr. White smiled.
,.
The question is: Mr.Whitewastryingtogotosleepwhenheheard  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:somebodysing
B:the doorbellring
C:thetelephonering
D:somebodyknockatthewindowAs we become richer and richer, we are producing more and more rubbish. The Asian Development Bank(ADB) says that our largest cities produce 760 000 tons of solid waste every day. It predicts  that there will be an increase--to 1.8 million tons--by 2025. It seems too much to deal with. "The growing waste is simply trying to cover our cities," says Michael Lindfield, a specialist of ADB in Manila.
 _ The World Bank says some governments are spending as much as half of their budgets  dealing with rubbish. And even so, it is common that half of all the waste goes uncollected.
Much of the added difficulty is packaging from consumer products and the products themselves--all of which need years, even centuries to decompose . Lindfield believes that four of every five products we buy are thrown away after a single use. It all makes the work to deal with solid waste much more expensive.
The rubbish is more than just an environmental problem--it also influences national economies  by disturbing the world market, discouraging tourism and slowing down industrial development.
Lots of rubbish also influences the look of our cities. As he walks to work from his home in Bangkok every day, Chatchat Mutita, a 36-year-old advertising specialist, must pass a lot of ugly, smelly rubbish that isn't collected until late at night. He says things get worse when it rains because some yellow water will stream from the rubbish to the sidewalk.
Modern technology can make the problems of open dumps less serious. But Chettiyappan Visvanathan, a professor at the Asian Institute of Technology in Pathumthal, Thailand, believes that there are no engineered facilities  in nine of every ten dumps all over the country. Some countries depend on most solid waste to produce energy, but there's a growing problem of air pollution. Burning is far more dangerous than open dumps. The ADB says the growing rubbish must be dealt with by the "3Rs" --reducing the waste, reusing things that are being thrown away and recycling materials.
The question is: What's the main idea of the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:What our environment looks like.
B:How important to clean our cities.
C:What a serious problem we have.
D:How difficult to remove rubbish.You are busy with your job but want to make new friends? You miss your old friends and try to find them? Then try a new website --- Facebook.
Mark Zuckerberg,a Harvard student,created Facebook only about eight years ago. At first,it was only for Harvard students. Soon it became popular on the Internet. Now over 25 million people around the world use it to keep in touch with their friends. People like Facebook because it makes them feel comfortable. On Facebook,they share joys or sorrows   by posting pictures and videos. What's more,they leave messages and give online presents to their friends. Now Facebook,like eBay,is a place to sell things.
The best part about Facebook is to help find old friends. For people,the only thing to do is to sign their real names. Then it takes a short time to sign their old friends. So have fun with Facebook if you love to be with friends,old or new.
The question is: Facebook was created  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:twenty years ago
B:thirty years ago
C:by Mark Zuckerberg and his classmates
D:by a Harvard student named Mark ZuckerbergQian Xuesen is one of the greatest scientists who devoted all their lives to China's science and technology. In 1911, he was born in Hangzhou, eastern China.
Qian received a mechanical engineering degree in 1934 in Shanghai and went to the United States on a scholarship to study aeronautical engineering at MIT at the age of 23. As a student at MIT, and later as a scientist and teacher at the California Institute of Technology, Mr.Qian played a central role in early United States' efforts to develop jet aircraft and rocketry technology.
Mr. Qian served on the United States government's Science Advisory Board during World War II. His teacher and colleague, the Caltech physicist Theodore von Karmon, praised him as "a brain whose work will change the world greatly". In the 1940s Qian wrote an article for a famous magazine on a winged space plane that led to develop NASA's new space shuttle. In 1955 he came back to his motherland from the US. Under his leadership, China produced its first missile called Long March, and in 1970, launched its first satellite. He was considered as the father of the country's first ballistic missiles, first satellite and the Silkworm anti-ship missile. In 2009, he died in Beijing.
The question is: Qian Xuesen was a   _  , when he was at MIT.
The possible answers are:
A:scientist
B:physics
C:student
D:teacherDo you often talk with your parents? Here is some advice on how to talk with them.
Try to start your talk with something fun. This will make talking easier. For example, ask them questions about their day. How is work? They love this.
Make it clear what you want to tell your parents. If they have an opinion, let them finish and don't stop their talking. Ask them to do the same for you.
Show them respect by listening to them carefully. Look at them in the eye.
Be honest. Honesty builds trust. Life is good when your parents trust you.
If your parents don't understand, that's OK. It doesn't mean that they don't love you. Sometimes you have to explain the things to them again.
When you finish the talk, thank them for listening. Say something like "Thanks, that helps." It will let them know that is important to you and make them want to do it more often.
The question is: When you finish the talk, you should   _   your parents for listening.
The possible answers are:
A:say goodbye to
B:thank
C:say sorry to
D:askIn most parts of the world there are four seasons. They are spring, summer, fall and winter. In different seasons people wear different clothes and do different things. For example, in summer the weather is hot, so people usually wear cool clothes and do things like swimming, boating or surfing . But near the polar regions , there are only two seasons: winter and summer. In winter, nights are long. For more than two months  you can't see the sun. In summer, days are long and the sun is always in the sky. There are no nights. The people living near the North Pole  are called Inuit . In summer they live in tents and catch deer for food. In winter they live in small round snow houses. They can build  a snow house. They make holes  in the ice and catch fish and seals . They eat much meat but not many vegetables.
The question is: Which sentence is right?
The possible answers are:
A:We can skate in summer.
B:Inuit build snow houses in winter.
C:Inuit eat little meat but many vegetables.
D:There are four seasons near the polar regions.Today is July 20th.Mr Smith is going to have a trip.This is his travel plan.
Dep.="depart;" leave arr.=arrive
21 July dep. New York 12:25
23 July dep. Ottawa 14:20
arr. Toronto 17:15
25 July dep. Toronto 09:45
arr. Tokyo 15:10
29 July dep. Tokyo 14:20
Arr. Sydney 20:05
2 August dep. Sydney 08:20
Arr. New York 16:25
The question is: Where will Mr Smith be on the morning of July 29th?
The possible answers are:
A:Toronto.
B:Tokyo.
C:Seoul.
D:New York.Sydney is a young city. Its history goes back just over 200 years. But in Australia, it is the oldest city. It is also the country' s largest city. Sydney is the capital of New South Wales and the most popular city of Australia.
The climate of Sydney is very good. It' s not too cold during the winter and not too hot during the summer. The sky is blue, the air is fresh, and birds sing in the garden. People who live in Sydney seem to have an easy life style. They will tell you, "Don't worry. "
Many people think that Sydney is one of the most attractive cities in the world. It has many tall and modern buildings. Among them, Center point Tower is the tallest. Standing on the 305-metre(80 storeys)tower, you will have a great view of the city.
Sydney is famous for its deep harbor . The harbor has many bays  and beautiful surf beaches.  Among them, Bondi beach is the most popular.  Sydney Harbor is not only beautiful, it also serves as a large port. Ships carry wool, wheat and meat from Sydney to other countries.
People living in Sydney like to call themselves Sydneysiders. They are mostly friendly and easygoing. When they are not working, they love to have a good time at the beach, swimming and sailing.
The question is: It seems that people in Sydney have easy life because  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:the climate is very good
B:the sea is very beautiful
C:they are very rich
D:they always tell you, "Don't worry. "Are people less happy or happier when they get older? If your answer is"happier", then you are right,based on a study published seven years ago.It found that people become happier and experience less worry after age fifty.In fact,it found that by the age of eighty-five,people are happier with their life than they were at eighteen.
The finding came from a Gallup survey of more than three hundred and forty thousand adults in the United States in 2008.At that time,people were between the ages of eighteen and eighty-five.
Arthur Stone in the Department of Psychiatry and Behavioral Science at Stony Brook University in New York led the study.His team found that levels of stress were the highest among adults between the ages of twenty-two and twenty-five.Stress levels dropped sharply after people reached their fifties.
Levels of happiness were the highest among the kids and those in their early seventies.
The survey also found that men and women have similar emotional patterns as they grow older.However, women at all ages reported more sadness,stress and worry than men did.
So why would happiness increase with age? One theory is that,as people get older, they become more thankful for what they have and have better control of their emotions.They also spend less time thinking about bad experiences.
The question is: Which of the following is the best title of this passage?[:&&]
The possible answers are:
A:Differences Between Stress and Happiness
B:Differences Between Age and Happiness
C:Relationship Between Stress and Happiness
D:Relationship Between Age and HappinessIt seems that beauty and women are twins.You are joking? No,I am not.Watch it for yourself! Ads on fashion TV screens,radio programs,magazines,newspapers,and the streets.Whether they have realized it or not, women are surrounded by a sea of fashion. They are taught to think that without beautiful clothes they will grow old and lose their charm. so who dares to neglect  dressing up at the cost of their appearance and youth?
But I do not agree with the opinion that women have to show their beauty through their appearances. The richness of their minds proves to be more beautiful and attractive than their appearances. a woman who has experienced many troubles and may be called "aunt" or"granny" can still keep up her beauty if she has such excellent qualities as knowledge,ability,a kind heart,great courage, caring for others, etc.
In addition, old and young, beautiful and ugly are relative concepts .People who keep a young mind will never feel old.Interested in new things and eager to learn more,they keep up with the time. plainly-dressed women may have a type of beauty that is pure and real. Reading and learning is the best way to keep one youthful.Good books are rich soil which can feed the flower of one's heart and appearances.
The question is: In the author's opinion, which of the following is not true?
The possible answers are:
A:even a plainly-dressed woman may have pure and real beauty.
B:however old she is, a woman with some excellent qualities can still keep up her beauty
C:as a woman grows old, her beauty will completely disappear.
D:it is not necessary for women to show their beauty through their beautiful clothes.Daniel Olin was 11 years old when his parents moved to Canada. He liked his new school and made friends there, but then things at home started to change. His mum and dad began to argue and the arguments got worse and worse until one day, Daniel's mum left. With his father working long hours, Daniel felt very lonely and very unhappy. He wanted to escape, to run away. And that's what he did.
Very early one terribly cold morning when the snow was deep on the ground, he packed a bag with some clothes, some chocolate and a map of Canada and set off to a forest. He ran and ran until he could hardly breathe. His feet were heavy with the snow but he still walked on through deep snow, not even watching where he was going.
Then, disaster struck. A rock hidden by the deep snow caught his feet and Daniel fell to the ground. He had broken the bone. He was very cold and was starting to feel tired, but he knew that if he fell asleep in the snow, he would certainly die from the cold.
A tree shook ahead. From within the branches , a pair of yellow eyes watched Daniel. The puma had been following him. A puma is a large wild cat with claws that could tear  Daniel into pieces. But instead of moving in for the kill, the puma walked up to Daniel and lay across his chest, arms and legs. Daniel was too frightened to move, but soon the warmth of the animal reached Daniel and he began to feel better. From time to time, the puma pressed his muzzle   against Daniel and rocked his head gently. Clearly, the puma knew that Daniel must not fall asleep. This animal should have been a real danger to Daniel and yet the boy began to feel safe.
They remained like that for several hours until Daniel and the puma heard voices. The rescue   team had found them.
The question is: Daniel ran away from home because   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:he had a big argument with his father
B:he wanted to learn to be independent
C:he didn't get enough care from his parents
D:his parents were always arguing at homeDo you know that in some parts of the world, people build temporary hotels made of snow and blocks of ice? These are known as ice hotels.
Unlike usual hotels, all the rooms in the ice hotels are made of ice. In some ice hotels, even the glasses for drinks are made of ice blocks. So they only serve cold drinks. Also, hot food is not served in the ice hotels, but guests can eat hot food at places nearby.
To keep warm, guests sleep in comfortable sleeping bags on ice blocks that are covered by mattresses and reindeer skins .
There are some places in the ice hotels that are heated, such as the bathrooms. This is because, even though it is not as cold in the ice hotels as it is outdoors , indoor temperatures are still very low.
Perhaps the most interesting thing about the ice hotels is that they are rebuilt every year. They can be used only during the winter months. The ice hotels melt away when spring arrives. The ice blocks used to build these hotels are from nearby rivers. So, when the ice hotels melt away, they melt back into the rivers.
The question is: Which of the following about the ice hotels is true?
The possible answers are:
A:They are just like usual hotels.
B:The glasses are made of wood.
C:They serve cold drinks.
D:The rooms are made of bamboo.I think it is safe to say that snakes are not popular among most people. It would be hard to find a person who is neutral  ,or simply doesn't care one way or the other. What I wonder is why something even without legs causes such great fear.
Snakes are quite useful, but that doesn't seem to matter. Snakes help control the population of mice. Without snakes, perhaps we would find mice everywhere. Most of us, however, would rather see a mouse than a snake.
The poison argument   is a strong one. Some snakes are poisonous, and this causes people's death. However, the poisonous snakes are only a small number. We can't say all the snakes are bad just because of a few dangerous ones.
And what do we do with the people who really like snakes? They like snakes even more strongly than we dislike them. These people learn about them, find them out, and watch them carefully. Why? The only reason I can think of is that these people are open-minded. They are able to put aside differences and welcome the snake as a friend.
Whatever the reason for our like or dislike, snakes do something good in the circle of life. They would prefer to be left alone, and that is what we should do. If you're lucky, you might not run across more than a few of them in a lifetime. That would be fine with most of us.
The question is: People who really like snakes are open-mindedbecause they   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:are able to put aside differences
B:think all the snakes are poisonous
C:are able to deal with poisonous snakes
D:take part in the poison argumentIf you are like most people ,your intelligence   changes with the seasons ,You are probably a lot sharper in the spring than you are at any other time of year . A famous scientist ,Ellsworth Huntington (1876--1947),concluded   from other men's work and his own among people in different climates that climate and temperature have an effect   on your mental abilities  .
He found that cool weather is much more favorable for creative   thinking than summer heat .This does not mean that all people are less intelligent in the summer than they are during the rest of the year. It does mean, however , that the mental abilities of large numbers of people tend to be lowest in the summer .
Spring appears to be the best period of the year for thinking One reason may be that in the spring man's mental abilities are affected by the same factors   that bring about great changes in nature .
Fall is the next-best season ,then winter .As for summer ,it seems to be a good time to take a long vacation from thinking .
The question is: The main idea of this passage is that   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:most people's intelligence changes with seasons
B:seasons are the reason of the changing intelligence
C:spring is the best season for thinking
D:summer is the best season for taking a long vacationIn today's class, I will teach you how to send birthday e-cards to friends anywhere in the world without leaving our classroom.I'll show it to you on 123 Greetings, which is one of the most popular free-card websites.
Step 1  Connect your computer to the Internet and go to 123 Greetings.Click "Happy Birthday".You will see hundreds of e-cards.Choose the card you'd like to send.
Step 2  Design your e-card.After clicking the card you want, you'll see the "Design" menu.In it you can find many things you can change to suit your taste, such as the colors and music.
Step 3  Add your message in the message box.The message box provides space for you to type a message.Think of something special and type the message into the box.
Step 4  Enter your e-mail address.Then enter the e-mail address of the recipient.Choose whether you want to be notified   when your birthday e-card has been read.You can also choose whether to send the card immediately or at a later time.
The question is: How many steps should you take to send a birthday e-cards to your friends?
The possible answers are:
A:One .
B:Three.
C:Five.
D:Seven.It's Sunday morning. My family are all at home. My father is sitting near the window. He's reading newspapers. He wants to know what h appens all over the world. My mother is watering the flowers in the small garden. My brother is a worker. He's watching TV. He's a basketball fanAnd he is good at p laying basketball.  Now he is watching NBA on TV.  Where are my twin
sisters? Oh, look! Lily is listening to music. She likes popular music very much. Lucy is surfing the Internet in her room. She often writes emails to her friends. What am I doing? I am doing my homework .
,A, B, C, D
The question is: The brother is   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:watchingWNBAnow
B:goodatplayingbaseball
C:watchingafootballmatch
D:abasketballfan"On a spring night, we offer book lovers a desk and a light. You can stay here as long as you want to." This is the slogan   of Sanlian Taofen Bookstore in Beijing. Earlier this month, Sanlian Taofen Bookstore became the first 24-hour bookstore in the city.
It  hopes to encourage more people to read books. Bookstores are the brain of a city. Although many people can now buy books online,  many readers still like the feeling in bookstores. They can touch the books and smell the print In China, most cities are home to at least one bookstore. Some have special themes   . Popular Holdings ( ) in Shanghai is a film-themed bookstore. There are film books and posters   inside. Other bookstores have colorful activities. Eslite Bookstore   in Taiwan has activities like talks with famous writers as well as  holding gallery shows  . People come here not only for reading but also to communicate with others.
The question is: The best title   to explain the main idea of the text is "  _  ".
The possible answers are:
A:BuyingBooksinBookstores
B:WarmPlacesforReading
C:ANewBookstoreinChina
D:GreatBookstoresOnlineDo you know anything about the way of shopping in western countries? People there usually make shopping lists first and then go shopping. Most people like to go to supermarkets because they can get many things in one supermarket such as clothes, food, drinks. The things in supermarkets are cheaper.
When they get into a supermarket, they get a basket. Then they buy things and put them in the basket. After they get everything they want, they pay the money. Most people go to the supermarket once a week.
The question is: People can buy  _  from the supermarkets.
The possible answers are:
A:food
B:milk
C:clothes
D:A, B, and CDo you want to be a basketball player like Kobe Bryant , Shaquille O'Neal or Yao Ming ? Come to join us ! We have many sports clubs : basketball , ping-pong , soccer , volleyball , and more . The price is 5 dollars for each lesson .
Do you want to join our sports clubs ? Please call Mr. Green . He plays basketball very well . His telephone number is 371-1236 . His e-mail address is spcb@163.com . Or you can call Miss Jones at 371-1237 . She is our tennis coach . She is good with the students . Her e-mail address is jiayi@126.com .
The question is: _   is good with the students .
The possible answers are:
A:Miss Jones
B:Mr. Green
C:Yao Ming
D:Kobe BryantMy cousin Bob likes watching sports matches very much . He goes to the stadium  to watch football matches at the weekend. He is also good at playing football. Now he is in the Football Club. Beckham is his favourite football player. When Bob is free, he always buys newspapers about sports. He watches sports news on TV,too.
Bob's school is very big and beautiful. There is a football field, a tennis court and a swimming pool in it. He usually plays football with his friends after school. He wants to be a good football player.
The question is: Bob wants to be a good   _   player.
The possible answers are:
A:basketball
B:tennis
C:football
D:swimmingMr. Hunt came from a poor family. He had three brothers and two sisters. His father worked hard but wasn't paid much. And his mother did all the housework at home. They were both able but they couldn't get enough money for their family.
Mr. Hunt was in school for only three years and he had to stop to help his parents though he was good at his lessons. When he was sixteen, he came to the city and began to work in a small factory. He learned from an old worker and became a skilled worker. The old worker liked him and married his daughter to him. The young man did not have his own house and had to live with his parents-in-law. His mother-in-law always thought he was poor and often chattered. So the young man tried to save everything and hoped to have his own house.
It was one fine Sunday. The old woman wanted to have a picnic on the top of the hill. She told Mr. Hunt to drive her car. But sometimes she told him to turn left and sometimes to turn right. The young man had to listen to her. At a crossing the lights were red but she made him turn left. The policeman stopped them and told the young man to give his license to him.
"If I did wrong, sir," said Mr. Hunt, "It was my mother-in-law's fault . She was driving the car though she sat behind me!"
The question is: Mr. Hunt left the school because   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:he didn't like studying
B:his family was poor
C:he wasn't clever
D:he hoped to stay at homePeople like to tell me rubbish. Not just friends, but strangers ,too.
Once, at the airport, my husband stepped off an escalator  before me. When he realized I wasn't with him, he looked back and saw me hugging ( ) a stranger.
I'd asked the man behind me: "Did you have fun in Vegas?"
His answer broke me heart. After 50 years away, I'd come to say goodbye to the lover of his life, _ was dying of cancer.
"I should have married her 50 years ago," he said. I hugged him, and then he was gone.
Moments later, my husband said: "He told you all that on the escalator?" I nodded.
"Maybe he just needed to tell somebody, And I happened to ask."
When someone wants to talk, you just need to ask a question. The words don't matter. It's the tone   in your voice and the look in your eyes and the caring in your heart that count.
Sometimes I think the whole world is crying out to be heard.
And yet, we don't ask the question or say the things we need to say to those who matter most to us while there is still time, and a chance, to do so.
Recently I heard from a reader who shared with me the eulogy  she'd written after losing her mother.
I wish her mother could have read it. I can only hope her mother knew all the things her daughter wrote about her--that she was known so well and loved so much.
I like to think people will say a few nice things about me when I'm gone. But given a choice, I would rather hear those things before I go. Wouldn't we all?
That started me thinking. I need to tell my children I am proud of them. They know it, but it can't hurt to say it again.
I need to tell my sister I will forever in her debt . I was the one who left. She was the one who stayed, who's "been there" for our family--for our mother, our dad, our brothers and me.
And to my husband, I need to say, well, he puts up with a lot.
In fact, I need to say a lot of things to whole lot of people. Maybe you do, too. You can tell me, if you want. But maybe you should tell them first.
The question is: According to the writer, what matters least when someone wants to talk?
The possible answers are:
A:The question you ask.
B:The way you speak.
C:The way you look at someone.
D:the caring in your heart.O. Henry, a famous American writer of short stories, was born in North Carolina in 1862. O. Henry was a pen name. His real name was William Sydney Porter. When he was a young boy, he did not go to school for long because of being born in a poor family, but he tried to teach himself everything he needed to know.
When he was about 20 years old, O. Henry went to Texas. There he tried different jobs. He first worked on a newspaper, and then had a job in a bank. But he got himself into some trouble. Some money went missing from the bank. O. Henry was believed to have stolen it, so he was sent to prison . During the three years in prison, he learned to write short stories. After he got out of prison, he went to New York and went on writing.
He wrote mostly about New York and the life of the poor there. People liked his stories, because almost all of them finished with a sudden change. This made the readers surprised.
The question is: O. Henry got most materials for his stories from   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:his happy life as a boy
B:New York and the poor of the city
C:the newspaper
D:his life in prisonAn old man was fishing on the bank of a river. A child came to see him fishing. The old man was really good at fishing and it didn't take long for him to catch a full basket of fish. The old man saw that the child was very cute, and he wanted to give her a whole basket of fish. But the child shook her head. The old man was surprised and asked, "Why don't you want the fish?" The child replied, "I want the fishing rod   in your hands." The old man asked, "Why do you want the rod?"
"It doesn't take long to eat all the fish in a basket. But if I have the fishing rod, I can go fishing by myself and I won't be afraid of not having any more fish to eat."
I think you will certainly say that the child is very smart. Wrong! If she doesn't know how to fish, she cannot have fish to eat, even though she has the fishing rod. It's useless to only have a fishing rod. Fishing skills are the most important, not the fishing rod.
Too many people think that if they have a "fishing rod" in their life, they will no longer fear the wind and rain. They are just like the child, who thought that if sh e had a fishing rod, she would have fish to eat.
The question is: The writer thought the child was   _   after she explained why she didn't want the fish.
The possible answers are:
A:smart
B:hardworking
C:silly
D:creative"Everything happens for the best." Whenever I faced disappointment, my mother would say this to me.
After I graduated form college in 1932, I decided to find a job in radio as a sports announcer . I went to Chicago and knocked at the door of every station. But unluckily, I was refused every time.
At one station, a kind lady told me that big stations wouldn't hire  a person without any experience and suggested that I try my luck at smaller stations. Following her advice, I went back to Dixon, where I had grown up. There were no such jobs in Dixon, and my father said a newly-opened store wanted a local athlete to work for it. I wanted this job, but I was refused again.
"Everything happens for the best," Mom reminded me. Dad offered me the car to look for a job. I tried WOC Radio in Davenport, Iowa. The program director, Peter MacArthur, told me they had already hired an announcer.
As I left his office, I felt so frustrated. "How can I become a sports announcer if I can't get a job in a radio station?" I asked aloud.
While I was waiting for the elevator, I heard someone calling. It was MacArthur. "What was that you said about sports? Do you know anything about football?" Then he asked me to have a try. He was pleased with my performance, and he offered me a chance to work there.
On my way home, I thought of my mother's words: "If you carry on, one day something good will happen. Something wouldn't have happened if without the failure before."
The question is: Which of the following is TRUE?
The possible answers are:
A:The writer's parents didn't want him to be a sports announcer.
B:There were no radio announcer jobs in the writer's hometown.
C:The writer became uninterested in being a sports announcer.
D:The writer got a job as a sports announcer in Dixon at last.A man often traveled around and he couldn't buy the seat tickets on the train for his most tours.But he could always find a seat to sit on. His workmates asked him how he could find the seats by accident. "The method is very simple,just your patience."smiled the man. His workmates were puzzled.
One day, one of his workmates was on business with him.The train car was so crowed that they couldn't even find a place to stand on. "Let's find seats to sit on," said the man. "Find seats? Just a joke?" said his workmate."Just follow me," said the man.
They pushed their way through the crowds.The workmate wanted to give up , but the man insisted  . At last,in the 7thcar they found two empty seats .They sat there happily at once. The workmate asked,"How do you know there are seats here?"The man answered ,"I didn't know it at all.But I know most of the passengers are easily cheated by one or two cars of crowed phenomena . Even though they know there are seats, they don't want to crowd among the groups.They think it's not worth doing that."
The method seemed not to be clever enough,but it works. For us, patience will let us have a "seat ticket"life forever.
,.
The question is: The man was   _  to find seats in the train car.
The possible answers are:
A:clever
B:warm-hearted
C:hard-working
D:patientHello, I'm Ann. This is a photo of my family. There are four members   in my family. The woman in the photo is my mother Mary. She is a teacher. She likes reading. The man is my father Jack. He's a teacher, too. He can play football, but he can't play basketball. Look, the lovely baby is my brother Mike. I like my family very much.
The question is: What's my mother's name?
The possible answers are:
A:Ann
B:Mike
C:Jack
D:MaryThis is a photo of Mr. White's family. The man with glasses   is Mr. White. The woman is Mr. White's wife. They have a son and a daughter. The son is behind (......) Mr. White. His name is Tom. He's 13. Kate is Tom's sister. She is 11. Tom and Kate are in the same school, but they are in different   grades. Tom is in Grade Three and Kate's in Grade One. They are good students.
,.(2)
The question is: Tom and Kate are in the same  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:class
B:grade
C:school
D:yearHello, I'm Peter in the second grade. Now I have one thing to say: It's not easy being a kid. Being a kid might look like fun, but sometimes it's not fun at all.
Yesterday I was playing outside with my friend. We were having a good time. But suddenly, my mother said, "Peter, it's time to come inside now. It's getting dark." When you're an adult, no one can tell you what to do or when to do it.
When you are a kid, you have to get up early in the morning and go to school. At school, you have to study math, English, science and history. After school, you have to do your homework. When you are an adult, you do not have to go to school and you never have homework to do.
When you are a kid, the older kids sometimes _ you. When I was walking home from school on Monday, Tom and Steve bothered me. Steve took my schoolbag and put it in a tree. It made me very mad. When you are an adult, no one can pick on you.
When you are a kid, you have to go to bed early. On school nights, my mom asks me to go to bed at 9:00 pm. But I do have parents who love me, which is really great. So I think I like being a kid, even though it's not easy being a kid.
,.
The question is: What can we learn from the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:Being a kid is fun.
B:It's not easy being a kid.
C:Peter likes being a good kid.
D:Peter likes being a superman.Dear Peter,
I'm very happy you'll come to my city at 3:00 pm this Sunday. Now let me tell you the way to Haitian Restaurant .Take a taxi from the airport and go down Renmin Road. Go across the big bridge. When you see a bank, turn right and go straight. It's down Songshan Road on the left. It's across from a big supermarket. I'll meet you there.
Have a good trip!
Kangkang
The question is: Kangkang will meet Peter  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:at the airport
B:in a bank
C:in a restaurant
D:in a big supermarketMany people travel to different places in the world by air. Usually it takes a long time, perhaps half a day, for passengers to stay in the plan. So airlines offer passengers food. But it is common that they feel bad about food taste. Do you agree?
To solve this problem, airlines try hard to improve their food. They would like to do so because they don't want to lose customers.
However, according to scientific research, part of the reason why plane food tastes bad is that at high altitude we can not taste things as well as we do on the ground. Also scientists have found that our noses become very dry even before a plane takes off. As the plane moves up, the change in air  pressure reduces one third of the sensibility of our taste buds . So our taste buds become senseless. The sad face, however, is that our noses don't know it.
All of these help explain why food on the plane tastes so bad. They also help explain why airlines choose to offer passengers salty and spicy food. Without doing so, the food would be tasteless.
Now there are many researches on this. According to one of them, some volunteers are asked to lie with their feet higher than their heads for weeks. And scientists write down their feelings about food taste.
Though scientists try their best, it is not as easy as they thought. Because they can't deal with the special environment successfully, such as the change in air pressure, making food taste good is still hard for them.
The question is: Why do scientists feel it hard to made food on the plane taste good?
The possible answers are:
A:The volunteers don't know about food taste.
B:The volunteers don't understand them.
C:They can't find enough volunteers.
D:They can't deal with the special environment successfully.June 11,2013 was another big day for Chinese space exploration. Shenzhou X, China's fifth manned spacecraft, was sent into space. Three astronauts, Nie Haisheng, 49, Zhang Xiaoguang, 47, and Wang Yaping, 33, stayed in space for 15 days.
Tiangong-1 is China's first space module . It was sent into space in 2011. It will be developed into a large space station around 2020. A space station is a lab for scientific studies.Shenzhou X performed its first docking with Tangong-1 on June 13. It docked twice during the 15 days.
The US, Russia, Japan, Canada and Europe are working together on the International Space Station (ISS).China wanted to join the ISS but was refused by the US. China decided to build its own space station.
Shenzhou X flew around the Tianggong-1 lab for the first time. This was to make sure that spacecraft could dock from more than just one direction. The astronauts carried out repair work and did experiments on the Tiangong-1.
Teaching from space
Wang Yaping, China's second woman astronaut, taught high school and primary school students about space science. Wang talked about how things move in a micro-gravity environment. This helped the students better understand some physics ideas, like Newton's Law. The lessons aimed to encourage more students to learn about the universe and science.
Life up in space
The three astronauts followed a work and rest schedule that is similar on the Earth. They had Chinese dishes, such as Kung Pao Chicken and fried rice. The food was kept in special bags. At the time of the Dragon Boat Festival, they had Zongzi.
The question is: Tiangong-1 is    _    which was sent into space in 2011.
The possible answers are:
A:a space station
B:a manned spacecraft
C:a space module
D:a space labWhen I was young, my family got our first computer. As years went by, I wanted to get a new one, and my father agreed. We went to many stores and looked at many flyers  . At last we bought an HP computer.
During the first week, I noticed that our computer had some problems. I tried to fix it, but failed. Finally I had to phone the HP company. After five hours' hard work, the computer still did not work. My dad didn't have a choice but to return the whole thing.
A few days later, we decided that I should go on the internet and order some parts to build a new computer by myself.
It was not an easy thing for me to deal with it, but in the end I finished. From these setbacks  , I have learned, and now believe if the computer that I bought from the store didn't have problems, then I would not learn how to build a new one. Even though I spent lots of time on it, I know it wasn't a waste of time.
I now have a self-built computer, and I am very pleased.
The question is: The writer wanted to have a new computer because   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:he has much money
B:the one he had was cheap
C:his dad would like to
D:the first one was too oldLearning about the environment is very important. There are many good books that will help you learn. To get started, ask your teacher or your friends for some advice. You can also look at some good websites with information about the environment and climate change. Climate change may be a big problem, but there are many little things we can do to make a difference.
Driving a car or using electricity is not wrong. We just have to be smart about it. Some people use less energy by sharing a car. For example, four people can ride together in one car instead of driving four cars to work. Whenever we use electricity, we put greenhouse gases into the air. By turning off the lights, the television, and the computer when they aren't needed, you can help a lot.
Don't buy products   that use too much energy. Some products, like certain cars, are made specially to save energy. These cars can travel longer on less gasoline  . They don't pollute as much, either. Products like computers, TVs and VCRs with the ENERGY STAR label   are made to save energy. Buying products with these labels will help protect the environment.
Buy recyclable   products instead of non-recyclable ones. Recyclable products are usually made out of things that have already been used. It usually takes less energy to make recyclable products than to make new ones. So when you go shopping, look for the recycle mark on the package. The less energy we use, the better.
The question is: The passage is mainly about   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:some suggestions about cars
B:an advertisement
C:the changes to the climate
D:the ways to protect the environmentEvery year there is the Spring Festival in China. Usually it is in January or February . It is the most important festival in China. So before it comes, everyone has to prepare things. They buy pork, beef, chicken, fruit and many other things. And they often make a special  kind of food called "dumplings". It means "come together" in Chinese. On the day before the festival, parents buy new clothes for their children and children also buy presents for their parents. On Spring Festival's Eve, all the family members come back to their home. This is a happy moment. They sing, dance and play cards. Others get the dinner ready. When they enjoy the meal, they give each other the best wishes for the coming year. They all have a good time.
The question is: What's the special kind of food for the Spring Festival in China?
The possible answers are:
A:Cakes.
B:Pudding.
C:Hotdog
D:Dumplings.Do you know Xishuangbana? It's a very beautiful place. It lies in Yunnan. The Dai people live there. Their homes are wonderful. The houses are very big and have long legs to hold   them up. Sometimes those legs are over two metres tall.
It can be very hot in Yunnan. But the Dai people do not need air conditioners   to keep cool. Their houses usually have two floors. One half of the second floor is the living room. The living room has a balcony. The other half of the second floor is their bedroom. There is a long corridor   between the living room and the bedroom.
You must always take off your shoes before you go into a Dai family's house. They like to keep their houses clean. The bed is made of bamboo  . The family's tables, chairs and cupboards are all made of bamboo too. It often rains in Yunnan. Pigs and chickens live on the first floor, because it is a good place to stay _ .
The question is: Which of the following is NOT true?
The possible answers are:
A:Xishuangbanna is a beautiful place.
B:The Dai family's houses are usually very clean.
C:It's easy for the Dai people to get bamboo.
D:The Dai people's houses are two metres tall.Every year people celebrate the Spring Festival in China.Usually it is in January or February.It's the most important festival in China.So before it comes,everyone buys many things,and they often make a special kind of food called dumplings-It means"come together".Parents always buy new clothes for their children and children also buy presents for their parents.On the Spring Festival eve ,all the family members come back home. They sing, dance and play cards.When they enjoy the meal,they give each other the best wishes for the coming year.They all have a good time.
The question is: The food dumplings means"  _  ".
The possible answers are:
A:be nice
B:be hungry
C:come together
D:come backDear Xiao Ling,
I'm an English girl. My name is Gina White. I am twelve. I have two brothers, Tom and Tony. We are students, and we go to school five days a week .My parents are teachers. They say China is great, and Chinese people are very friendly. I want to travel  in China. I think it is great fun. I like Chinese history   books a lot because I think they are very interesting. My brothers and I like playing soccer and volleyball. What about you?
Yours,
Gina
The question is: What sport do Gina and her brother like to play?
The possible answers are:
A:Soccor and volleyball
B:Tennis
C:Basketball
D:Table tennisWith the development of science, more and more students don't like taking notes by hand. Instead, they use digital   cameras to take pictures of the words that their teachers write on the blackboard or record what their teachers say in class.
The children might think there are too many notes to take or their teachers write or speak so fast that they can't take more specific notes. They are trying to find ways to make things easier, so they use digital cameras. In fact, children are very clever to make use of technology  .
But do digital cameras really make taking notes easier?
Not really. Before you read notes from digital cameras, there are a lot of things you have to do. To begin with, you have to find a computer. Then you need to copy the photos into the computer. Next, you have to find a printer   to print the photos. Another thing is that you can't hear the sound from the digital cameras clearly because there is usually lots of _ . You will have to listen to it slowly several times before you understand everything.
In fact, taking notes by hand has many advantages. For example, it can help you remember and understand what you are learning. In order to save time, you can choose the most important things or the things you don't understand to write down. You don't have to write down everything.
Don't be afraid to take notes by hand. It's really an effective   way.
The question is: How many steps do the students need to read the notes from digital cameras?
The possible answers are:
A:Four.
B:Three.
C:Two.
D:One.Once there was a man and a woman. They had been married for more than 60 years. They kept no secrets from each other except that the old woman had a shoe box under her bed. She told her husband never to open or ask about it.
For all these years, he had never thought about the box. But one day the old woman got very sick and the doctor said she would never get better.
The woman said it was time that he should know what was in the box. The old man took the shoe box to his wife's bedside.
When he opened it, he found two beautiful doilies  and some money. The money was $25,000.
"When we got married, "she said, "my grandmother told me that the secret of a happy family was never to fight. She told me if every time I got angry with you, I should just keep quiet and crochet  one doily."
The old man was so moved because only two doilies were in the box. He thought she had only been angry with him twice in all those years.
"My dear," he said, "but what about all the money? Where did it all come from?"
"Oh," she said, "that's the money I made from selling the doilies. So far, I have sold 2,500 doilies."
The question is: From the story we know  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:the old woman enjoyed crocheting doilies
B:the old man only made his wife angry twice
C:the old woman didn't follow her grandmother's advice
D:the old man was moved when he saw only two doilies in the boxMalls are popular places for Americans to go. Some people spend so much time at malls that they are called "mall rats ". Mall rats shop until they drop in the hundreds of stores.
People like malls for many reasons. They feel safe because malls have police stations. Parking is usually free, and the weather inside is always fine. The newest malls have beautiful rest places with waterfalls and large green trees.
The largest mall in the United States is the Mall of America in Minnesota. It covers 4. 2 million square feet . It has 350 stores, eight nightclubs, and a large park! There are parking spaces for 12,750 cars. About 750,000 people shop there every week.
The first indoor mall in the United States was built in 1965 in Edina Minnesota. People love doing all their shopping in one place. More malls are built around the country. Now malls are like town centers where people come to do many things. They shop, of course, they also eat in food courts that have food from all over the world. They see films at theaters. Some people even get their exercise by doing the new sport of "mall walking". Others go to malls to meet friends.
In some malls, people can see a doctor and even go to the church. In other words, people can do just about everything in malls. Now people can live in their favorite shopping center in fact.
The question is: The writer  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:thinks malls make people's life easier
B:likes to live in his favorite malls
C:is called "mall rats" by others
D:often goes to the church in mallsSome parents are worrying that their children wouldn't like meals. In fact, most children are usually ready to eat almost anything that is offered to them. A child often likes food unless it is badly cooked. Never ask a child whether he likes or dislikes a food, never discuss likes and dislikes in front of him or allow anybody else to do so . If the father says that he hates fat meat or the mother refuses some vegetables in the child's hearing, he may copy this action. Parents should agree to the fact that he likes everything and he probably will . At meal times, it is a good idea to give a child a small part at one time rather than give him as much as he may eat all together. Do not talk too much to the child during meal times, but let him get on with his food. And do not allow him to leave the table at once after a meal , or he will soon learn to eat his food hurriedly so he can hurry back to the toys in his room . Never coax or make a child eat, or he will think he eats for you. Don't you think it is the same with study ?
The question is: Which of the following is a good action before a child during meal times?
The possible answers are:
A:To discuss the food a parent dislikes.
B:To talk a lot to the child.
C:To ask a child what food he likes or dislikes.
D:Never discuss likes or dislikes of food.One day we invited some friends to dinner. When it was about six o'clock, my wife found that we had little bread. So she asked our five-year-old daughter, Kathy, to buy some.
'Here's a dollar,' my wife said, 'get two loaves of bread, if they have it. If they don't have it, get anything. But hurry!'
Kathy hurried off, and we waited and waited. By a quarter past six, all the friends had arrived. But Kathy had not returned. Finally we saw her dancing around the corner with a bright new hula hoop  whirling  round her middle.
"Kathy!" her mother cried. "Where did you get that hula hoop, and where is the bread?"
"Well, when I got to the shop, they had sold out all their bread," answered Kathy. "And you said 'If they don't have that, get anything!'"
The question is: What did Kathy buy at last?
The possible answers are:
A:Other food.
B:Nothing.
C:Hula hoop.
D:Two loaves of bread.Mr Green has a holiday, so he said , "I'm going to the city by train." He put on his best clothes, took a small bag, went to the station and got into the train. He has a beautiful hat, and he often put his head out of the window during the trip and looked at the mountains, But the wind blew his hat off. Mr Green quickly took his bag and threw that out of the window, too.
The other people in the carriage  laughed. "Is your bag going to bring your beautiful hat back?" they asked.
"No," Mr Green answered, "But there's no name and no address on my hat, and there's a name and an address on the bag. Someone is going to find both of them, and he's going to send me the bag and the hat back."
The question is: Mr Green threw  _  out of the window quickly.
The possible answers are:
A:his bag
B:his hat
C:his glasses
D:his bookYou may know the song Happy Birthday very well.But do you know about its writer?It was written by an American girl.And she became very rich after that.
When she was a child,she was poor.Once,she was invited to her friend's birthday party.She was pleased but sad because she didn't have enough money to buy a gift for her.
"The party is coming soon,but now I have little money."Tears ran down her face.
Later that night she was in bed,thinking about the gift when the door opened and her grandma came in."What happened?"her grandma asked.Hearing the girl'story,she said,"I think I can help you.How about singing a song together?Happy Birthday to...."What a beautiful song!They sang and sang.Suddenly she woke up.It was a dream!She decided to write it down at once and sing it to her friends at the party.
When she sang the song at the party the nest day,her friends were very happy."How wonderful you sing!We haven't heared such a beautiful song before.Thank you for giving me the special gift."said her friend.And they learn to sing it together.Later the girl became well-known in America.
The question is: The song Happy Birthday was written by  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:an American girl
B:an American girl's grandma
C:an America boy
D:an American girl's friendNo matter in China or in Canada among my friends, they all talk about the hot TV program "Where are we going, Dad?" at present. They all like the family education between fathers and children. They like to talk about the funny kids best. Of all the kids, I like Shitou best.
Shitou is a boy from Beijing. He is brave and clever. He likes to make some New Year's plans with his father's help. He makes some New Year's plans for himself.
He wants to start an exercise program, so he is going to take more exercise and eat less fast food. Making a soccer team is one of his dreams because he likes playing soccer with his friends. He also plans to improve his English. He is going to chat in English online with Kimi, the son of Lin Zhiying . Kimi is really good at _ Shitou also decides to take up a hobby. Can you guess what the hobby is ? It is to learn the shadow play   ! He is so interested in it that he thinks it's really cool to play it. His father says that this plan may be too difficult to keep. However, Shitou promises  to make it come true.
The question is: When the writer's friends talk about the program,   _   interest them the most.
The possible answers are:
A:beautiful places
B:some funny stories
C:kids that are funny
D:interesting Chinese friendsRick is a good man.He makes birthday cakes in a shop.His cakes are great and have very good prices,so many people buy his cakes.He makes friends with lots of his customers .They all like him very much.One evening.he wants to go home,but many of his old customers come in.Rick smiles to them,"I am sorry.It is late today.If you need cakes,please come tomorrow."One of them takes out a nice cake and says to him,"You make so many great cakes for us.This birthday cake is for you.Happy birthday, Rick."
The question is: When the customers come one evening,Rick   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:is making cakes
B:is at home
C:wants to go home
D:is playing basketballIn our city, there is a big zoo. There are a lot of different animals in it. There are some scary  tigers and lions. They like eating meat and they eat much meat every day.
There are also two big elephants and a baby  one. Children like to ride one of them. The elephants are very kind and friendly. They eat much grass and bananas.
In the zoo, we can see different kinds of bears : brown bears, black bears and white bears. They are all shy and clumsy . They stand on their back legs and lift their front legs to ask for food They like cakes very much.
Do you like pandas? There's only one in the zoo. Her name is Lingling. She is very cute. She likes eating bamboos a lot. She is kind of shy, She's very interesting and lovely.
The question is: Which one of the following is NOT right?
The possible answers are:
A:Children like to ride the elephants in the zoo.
B:The elephants are very friendly to people.
C:The bears always ask for food with their back legs.
D:Elephants like bananas very much.Learning How to Learn    $ 24.99
Children who read this book show great interest in study. Many pictures will help understand it easily and quickly.
Basic Study Manual     $ 38.50
Read this book and learn:
What the three barriers  to study are and what to do about them.
What to do if you are fed up with a subject. Children read it to improve the ability to study.
How to Use a Dictionary Picture Book for Children $ 35.00
Read this book and learn:
How to find words in a dictionary.
What the different marks in a dictionary mean.  How to use a dictionary to pronounce   words correctly.
Buy this book and help children unlock their education. What's more, you'll just pay 50% for it before July 1, 2006.
The question is: The purpose   of the passage is to   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:sell the three books to children
B:help children learn English
C:help the children learn about nature
D:use a dictionary to pronounce correctlyLast week when I was sitting in my office,I heard an elderly lady talking on the phone about her husband.Her husband's name was Ed.He dropped her off for her doctor's appointment and was going to park the car and wait for her.She was so upset that she started to cry.I knew I should take action.
The lady told me her name was Helen and she called the restaurant she and her husband were going to have lunch at after her appointment to see if he was waiting for her there.She explained that she thought her husband parked the car in the parking lot and waited for her in the car but she didn't find him there so she returned to see if he entered the medical building,but Ed was not there either.She regretted making her husband park the car alone since some signs of Alzheimer's had happened in his behavior.I asked a few nurses to help look for Ed inside and outside the medical building according to Helen's description.Then I offered to drive Helen to the restaurant to see if Ed was waiting for her there.
On arriving at the parking lot of the restaurant,Helen began to search for Ed's car but she failed,which suggested Ed wasn't there.We decided to have a talk with the manager before we returned to the hospital.On our way to the manager's office.I received a call from a nurse,who said they had found Ed.What a relief!  But we still needed to go on searching since he forgot where he parked his car! Fortunately, we didn't have much difficulty finding it.
As I waved good-bye to the couple, I thought "This is true love in life.The love is not romantic but it stays with us all the time."
The question is: When did the author know that Ed was found?
The possible answers are:
A:After the author and Helen returned from the restaurant.
B:While the author and Helen were on their way to the restaurant.
C:Before the author and Helen found the manager of the restaurant.
D:When the author and Helen arrived at the parking lot of the restaurant.On the first day of school, Jack found a little old lady with a warm smile."Hi, handsome. My name is Rose. I'm 87 years old."she said.
"Why are you in university at such a YOUNG age?" Jack asked.
"I'm here to meet a rich husband, get married, have a couple of kids, and then retired and travel." she answered.
Jack knew she's joking but he was surprised what encouraged her to be here at her age.
"I always dreamed of having a university education and now I'm getting one!" she told me. We became friends. Every day they would talk after class. Jack always enjoyed listening to this "time machine" as she shared her wisdom  and experience with him. And Rose easily made friends wherever she went.
At the end of the term, Rose was invited to make a little speech. She said, "We don't stop playing because we're old. We grow old because we stop playing. Being happy and achieving success may keep you staying young. If you have a dream, hold on. When you lose your dreams, you die."
"Anybody can grow older. _ doesn't take any talent  or ability. The idea is to grow up by always finding the chance in change..."
The question is: What does the word that in Para.7 refers to ?
The possible answers are:
A:Growing older.
B:Growing up
C:Staying young
D:Being happyWe all know that Taiwan is considered as Treasure Island 0f China. The scenery there is very beautiful. Recently we have been connected closely each other.
Several months ago, a group of 19 Taiwanese children flew to Chengdu in order to begin a tour to study pandas. The middle school children were from Chiayi Country in southwest Taiwan and were chosen because of their excellent performance at school.
During the visit, the children saw pandas up close. They were excited to see so many pandas at the same time. The children also traveled to the Mount E'mei scenic area and met local schoolchildren.
At last, they said, "The pandas are very cute, and they are all happy." They also said the children in Chengdu are very friendly to them, and they all like there. They hope to visit Sichuan again.
The question is: Taiwan is considered as a   _   island.
The possible answers are:
A:valuable
B:rich
C:beautiful
D:All of aboveWhich day is the most important for you? Your birthday, the first day of your work or the day you win a prize. Many teenagers may think their birthday is the happiest time because they can receive many wonderful presents and have much fun with their friends. Others may regard the starting day of their work as the most meaningful. They think it's the first big step in their life and they can depend on themselves. They like to deal with challenges rather than to ask for the help of adults.
According to a survey, more than half of the Chinese people, certain ages and birthdays are especially important. One hundred days after a baby's birth has special meaning. On that day, relatives  and friends come to bless the baby. In northern part of China, like Inner Mongolia, a child's 12th birthday is a big day. This is when a child becomes a teenager. Eighteen is another important age, which means you must be responsible  for what you have done in laws. As for adults, maybe the anniversary of their marriage  is the most important. For some old people, the 60th or 70th birthday is also very important. They like to be cared about by all his family and friends, and the big family get-together can provide them a good chance to recall  the past.
The question is: When you are   _  years old, you must be responsible for what you have done in laws.
The possible answers are:
A:12
B:18
C:20
D:60Tony is reading an advertisement in a magazine.  It is about different evening classes or weekend classes.
The Learning Centre, Garden City
We have evening and weekend courses on ...
test preparation            friends and meeting people
jobs and making money     cooking and language learning
Some of this month's courses:
1. Get good grades!
Do you forget information and do poorly on tests? In this course, learn to...
* remember more (95 percent of what you read).
* think quickly and read fast (400 words per minute!).
* do well on tests and get high scores.
2. Find true love...today!
Are you single and shy? Is it hard for you to talk to people?
In this course, learn to...
talk to people; start a conversation with a man or woman.
be more friendly and outgoing.
* understand a person's body language.
3. You are on TV!
Many actors get their start in television. You can too! In this course, learn to...
* act in TV ads.
* use your voice on the radio.
* get TV and radio jobs.
4. Cook delicious and healthy food!
Are you interested in cooking? Do you want to keep healthy? In this course, learn to...
* keep a balanced diet.
* cook delicious traditional Chinese food.
* make western-style food. This course is also online al www. dffh. net. cn.
The question is: In the Learning Center, you won't learn how to  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:prepare for a test
B:make money
C:learn a language
D:get along well with othersJean is a bright young woman who comes from a rich and famous family. She goes to a good university and has everything that money can buy, well, almost everything. The problem is that the people in Jean's family are so busy that they can hardly find time to be with her. In fact, Jean is quite lonely.
So Jean spends a lot of time on her QQ. She likes being anonymous , talking to people who do not know about her famous family and her rich life. She uses the name Linda on QQ and has made a lot of friends who she keeps in touch with quite often.
Last year Jean made a very special friend on QQ. His name was David and lived in San Francisco. David was full of stories and jokes. He and Jean had a common interest in rock music and modern dance. So it always took them hours to talk happily on QQ and sometimes they even forgot their time. Of course, they wanted to know more about each other. David sent a picture of himself. He was a tall, good-looking young man with a big happy smile. As time went by, they became good friends and often sent cards and small things to each other.
When Jean's father told her that he was going on a business trip to San Francisco, she asked him to let her go with him so that she could give David a surprise for his birthday. She would take him the latest DVD of their own rock singer. But when she knocked on David's door in San Francisco, she found that her special friend was a twelve-year-old boy named Jim.
The question is: When Jean and "David" met and introduces themselves to each other, who felt surprised?
The possible answers are:
A:"David"
B:Both "David" and Jean
C:Jean
D:Neither "David "nor JeanAmy is an American student in Des Moines, Iowa. She is nine years old and she is in Grade Four this year. Now she and her friends are pen pals of the students in India.
In their letters, Amy learns that life of Indian children is difficult. And they don't have money to buy desks for school. She is surprised and wants to help them.
She and her friends collect $711. A charity  group helps them buy 75 desks. "We have many good things in our country," said Amy. "We should help others." She also hopes to raise  money to build a well for them. Then the students can get clean water from it. It may be a good gift for the Indian children.
The question is: Which is TRUE  according to the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:Amy is an Indian boy.
B:The Indian children will be happy to get Amy's gift.
C:Amy buys 75 desks for his pen pals.
D:The Indian children want to help others.A 13-year-old boy traveled to Washington, D.C. to raise money for homeless kids.
Zach Bonner was pretty tired. Instead of going to camp last summer, Zach decided to walk 668 miles from Atlanta to Washington, D.C. He hoped more people would help homeless kids. His journey to help others began six years ago. Zach walked from his home in Tampa to Tallahassee. Then, in 2008, Zach Bonner went on a 270-mile walk from Tallahassee to Atlanta. In 2010, he did it again, from Tampa to Los Angeles.
Last summer, Zach traveled 12 miles every day on foot. Along the way, he collected more than 1000 letters about homeless children. He hoped to give the letters to President Obama. Zach says he wants his walk to make a difference.
More than 1 million children in the U.S. have nowhere to live. During his journey, Zach spent 24 hours with some homeless children so he could learn the difficulties they face.
When Zach walked the last mile of his long journey, more than 500 supporters, including 300 homeless kids, joined Zach. They went with him down the National Mall. "It was a long walk," Zach says, "but it was meaningful."
Although the journey is difficult and tiring, Zach won't give up. "When homeless kids get tired of being homeless, they don't get to stop. So why should I stop when I get tired of walking?"
The question is: When Zach walked the last mile of his long journey,   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:he was tired and hurt
B:he decided to stop
C:many people walked with him
D:many homeless kids thanked himChina is the first developing country to host the Olympic Games in modern Olympic history. It hopes to learn from other countries that have held Olympic Games. As well as new buildings, the government   wants more people to work in all the services  in Beijing. There are a lot more people in the city, because of all the visitors to the Olympics. The city also need more places to eat and drink, because visitors eat out a lot.
The government says the Beijing Olympics are "green", "hi-tech" , and "the People's Olympics". They want everyone to feel part of the Olympics. So the Chinese people have prepared for the Olympics too. Many people  learn English to work as guides in 2008.
The Beijing organizers   make sure everything that is built for the Olympics can be used after the Games are over. So the Chinese people  work for the Olympics and they can benefit  from the Olympics too. When the Olympics are over, the people of Beijing can use the swimming pools and other Olympics sports centers.
The question is: What does "the People's Olympics" mean?
The possible answers are:
A:It means that everyone in China will be a player in the Olympic Games.
B:It means that everyone in China feels part of the Olympics.
C:It means that all the Chinese people are rich enough to go to Beijing and watch the Olympic Games.
D:It means that the Chinese people can make money.Peter: Paul, what are you going to do this afternoon?
Paul: I plan to climb   a hill. Would you like to go with me?
Peter: Thank you. But I don't want to be tired. I want to sleep at home. Have a good time!
Paul: I'm sure I will. But now I don't know what to wear.
Peter: What about your new trousers?
Paul:My new trousers are made of wool. I don't think they can make me comfortable.
Peter: You're right. Wool clothes are not fit for a trip. How about your blue jeans? What are they made of?
Paul: Cotton. They are good for trips. And shall I wear my leather shoes?
Peter: No. They will make your feet hot. You know, it is hot these days. And they are also too heavy for a trip. Try your trainers.
Paul: OK. And trainers go well with my jeans.
Peter: And why not wear your cap? It looks cool on you.
Paul: Thank you. I will wear it.
The question is: Paul is going to    _    today.
The possible answers are:
A:climb a hill
B:visit his friends
C:go to the park
D:sleep at homePassage 4
From the world's heaviest apple, the oldest lady to the world's smallest dog, these are all parts of a group of the world's strangest people and things. And they are all in the Guinness Book of Records(<<>> ).
The book is going to celebrate its birthday this August. It began exactly half a century ago. And it's always one of the best selling books in the world.
People now can break over 1000 records every week! Why do so many people want to break the records? Do they want their names in the book or meet more people around the world? "It gives people a chance to show they're the best in the world." said one of the record keepers Stewart Newport.
The book was started by Hugh Beaver from Britain. In 1951, he went shooting birds and talked with his friends about the fastest bird in Europe. Three years later, they were still talking about it. So Beaver believed that people must have different ideas. So, he decided to start a book to record the world's truly greatest people and things in it!
The newest book came out last Tuesday. This book has a lot of interesting records. Here are two:
 A British dog, Whitney, is the world's smallest dog. It's only 76mm tall.
 An American woman Lee Redmond has the longest fingernails .They grew as long as 600 mm! She made the record in 1971.
The question is: Newport thought many people tried to break Guinness records because  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:their names be kept in the world records.
B:their names could be seen by the whole world.
C:they could meet more people all over the world.
D:they could be known as the greatest by the world.The big red American car was much too wide for an English country road. When Jack saw it running towards him, he stopped his own car at the side of the road to make room for it to pass. The American car went slowly past, so close that he could see the driver's face clearly.
"Where have I seen that face before?" he though. "Wait a minute! I remember now. It was in the newspaper!" He took all the newspapers from his bag and turned quickly to the middle page. There was a picture of the face in it. Yes, it had a large mouth and small eyes, and his eyes were behind dark glasses.
"Wanted by the police," read by Jack. "The city Bank will give a lot of money to anyone who helps the police to catch this man."
"Call the police at once," he said to himself. But a few minutes later, he was sad. "This man was caught this morning,"  answered the police.
The question is: Who caught the man with large mouth and small eyes?
The possible answers are:
A:The American.
B:The police.
C:Jack.
D:the driver.Saturday, March 20, 2010
Dear Mom and Dad,
The time has come: I'm graduating, and I thank you both for all your help during these 15 years. I still remember when you used to say, "You can be whatever you want". I'm so glad you are my parents, especially when I hear kids say they don't get on well with theirs. I'm glad that you support me when I decide to do anything. You always try to help, and that's important to me.
Dad, I remember when you first took me fishing. I loved going even though I never caught anything. I also remember when you would get angry with me. I realize you were only trying to show me the right way. When I would cry, you would always be there to try to cheer me up. That's what I call a good, loving, caring dad. Sometimes you and Mom don't agree with me, but you are there by my side in anything that I do, and that's why I love you both so much.
Mom, I enjoy going out with you and having our happy time every Friday night, and I hope that never changes. I love telling you everything; the best part about you is that you listen. I'm glad we do a lot together. You love to have fun, and _ You always give me your opinion and I listen.
Thank you for bringing me up.
Love always,
Allison
The question is: In Allison's opinion, other kids of her age may   _  their parents.
The possible answers are:
A:have problems with
B:get on well with
C:like to talk to
D:like to listen toToday Mike is playing near a river. Suddenly, his knife goes into the water. He likes the knife very much. Now it's lost. So he is very _ . Then an old woman comes up and asks Mike what is wrong."I lost my knife." He says. The old woman gives him a gold  knife and asks "Is it your knife?" "No," says the boy.
The old woman gives him a silver knife and asks again " And this one?" "No," says the boy.
Then she gives him an iron knife."Yes, that's mine." Calls out the happy boy.
The old woman says, "No, take the gold and silver knife. You are a good boy."
The question is: The story is about   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:three kinds of knives
B:an old kind woman
C:a good boy and a kind woman
D:playing near the waterScientists   think that many animals cannot see colours. The world is black and white to them. Scientists want to find out if   dogs can see colours. When the scientists give the dogs food, they show them a certain colour every time. The dogs get ready to eat when they see this colour. The scientists then show the dogs another colour. Again the dogs get ready to eat. The colours are all the same to them.
Colours are not all the same to monkeys. For example, if we put food in a red box, and do this every day, a monkey will always go to the red box to get food. If we put food in a blue box, the monkey won't go to it.
The question is: Colours are   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:all the same to monkeys
B:not all the same to dogs
C:different to dogs
D:not all the same to monkeysWhat will the weather be like? Some people say they can know what the weather will be like from birds. When they see birds fly high out to the sea, they know it is a nice day, because birds don't like to fly out if it rains. When the weather is bad, the birds will come back to the beach. A big wind may come with a rain. Birds do not like to fly in a big wind. They may sit in a tree when rain is coming. Other animals can also _ the weather. It is a cloudy day. The rain is coming. Chickens are not quiet, and they are running here and there. Frogs are making big noise in the pool. If it is a nice day, the frogs will come out of the water.
The question is: How many kinds of animals can we find in the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:One
B:Two
C:Three
D:FourWhat's a good friend like? One may have different answers to this question at different ages.
When he is very young, he may think a good friend must be together with him all day. And they can share everything together. If his friend doesn't give him food to eat once, he doesn't think they are good friends any more. But they will play together happily again very soon.
When he grows older and studies in a middle school, his idea about a good friend changes. He thinks a good friend should be helpful and honest. A good friend should always help him with his lessons. A good friend should come to him when he is sad. And he is always ready to tell everything to his friend. If his friend tells others about his secrets, he may hate the friend.
When he grows up, he may not think it's necessary for a good friend to be always honest. Everyone has his secrets. If the truth  may hurt the friend, it's better to keep it secret from him than tell him about it. And he may think a good friend can give him some good advice when he has problems. He comes to understand that he shouldn't just ask friends for help and that he should also learn to do something for his friends.
The question is: The writer thinks when a person is very young,   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:he doesn't have any friends
B:he has a poor memory
C:he usually likes generous friends
D:he doesn't want others to share his foodAre people less happy or happier when they get older? If your answer is"happier", then you are right,based on a study published seven years ago.It found that people become happier and experience less worry after age fifty.In fact,it found that by the age of eighty-five,people are happier with their life than they were at eighteen.
The finding came from a Gallup survey of more than three hundred and forty thousand adults in the United States in 2008.At that time,people were between the ages of eighteen and eighty-five.
Arthur Stone in the Department of Psychiatry and Behavioral Science at Stony Brook University in New York led the study.His team found that levels of stress were the highest among adults between the ages of twenty-two and twenty-five.Stress levels dropped sharply after people reached their fifties.
Levels of happiness were the highest among the kids and those in their early seventies.
The survey also found that men and women have similar emotional patterns as they grow older.However, women at all ages reported more sadness,stress and worry than men did.
So why would happiness increase with age? One theory is that,as people get older, they become more thankful for what they have and have better control of their emotions.They also spend less time thinking about bad experiences.
The question is: How many adults were included in the survey?
The possible answers are:
A:300
B:40,000
C:340,000
D:103This is my room. What's this? It's a blue pen. What's that? It's a ruler. And it is blue, too. What's this in English? It's a quilt. It's red. It's my quilt. And this is my jacket. What color is it? It's black and white. What's that on the wall? It's a map.
,.
The question is: The   _   is on the wall.
The possible answers are:
A:ruler
B:jacket
C:quilt
D:mapIt's school time again! You're probably feeling excited and maybe a little sad that summer is over. Some kids feel nervous or a little scared on the first day of school because of all the new things: new teachers, new friends, and even a new school. Luckily, these "new" worries only stick around  for a little while. Let's find out more about going to a new school.
Most teachers kick
the new school year by introducing themselves and talking about all the stuff you'll be doing that year. Some teachers give students a chance to tell something about themselves to the rest of the class, too. When teachers do the talking on the first day, they often go over classroom rules and school rules so you'll know what's allowed and what's not. Please pay close attention.
You might already know a lot of people in your classes on the first day, but it's a great day to make a new friend, so try to say hello to kids you know and new ones that you don't. Make the first move and you'll be glad you did, and so will your new friend!
Seeing friends you haven't seen in a while can make the first day a good one. You can make the day feel special by wearing clothes that you really like. Maybe you got a great T-shirt on one of your vacations, or a pair of sneakers . It also can make you feel good to be prepared and have all the things you need, such as pencils, folders, and whatever else you'll be needing. But make sure that you pack them the night before in case  you don't have time in the morning.
The question is: According to the passage you usually do everything on the first day of school except    _    .
The possible answers are:
A:introduce yourself
B:learn about the school rules
C:make new friends
D:go over your new lessonsOle Bull was a very famous violinist from Norway. He really liked to play the violin. But his father thought that playing the violin was not useful. So his father sent him to university to study. However, playing the violin was his dream. He didn't want to give up his dream. So he left university before he finished his studies and spent all his time and energy practicing the violin. Unfortunately, his violin teacher was not very good. So when it was time for him to start his concert tour, he still couldn't play the violin very well.
Therefore, a Milan newspaper critic1criticized him and said that he was an untrained violinist. The critic said, " _ 2yet."
When facing this kind of problem, some people may become very angry and some people try to learn from it. Fortunately, Ole Bull belonged to the second group. He went to the newspaper office and found the critic. Instead of being angry, he talked about his mistakes with the man and listened to the man's advice.
After he met the critic, he gave up the rest of his concerts. Then he went back to practice the violin with the help of good teachers. In the end, he got great success when he was only 26. He also became one of the most famous violinists in the world.
The question is: Which of the following is NOT true according to the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:Without a good teacher, one can't succeed.
B:The critic's advice helped Ole Bull a lot.
C:Ole Bull got success after many years' hard practice at last.
D:The critic helped Ole Bull find a famous teacher.The train started moving. There were many people of all ages. Most of them were working men and women and young college boys and girls. Near the window sat an old man with his son, who looked about thirty years old.
As the train moved, the son was filled with joy  because he was very excited at the scenery outside. He said in a high voice, "See, Dad, the green trees and the scenery are very beautiful!" It made the other people feel very strange. Everyone started talking in a low voice about the old man's son. A few minutes later it started raining. Raindrops fell on the travelers through the opened window. Seeing the rain, the old man's son said happily, "See ,Dad, how beautiful the rain is!" Hearing these words, a young lady became angry with the man, as the raindrops were dropping on her new clothes. She shouted at the noisy son and his father. "Can't you see it is raining? You! Old man! If your son is not feeling well, get him to a mental  hospital quickly and please don't disturb us any more!" The old man's face turned red and then he answered in a low voice, "We are on the way back from hospital. He couldn't see anything at birth. Only last week he could see again. The rain and the nature are new to him. Please _ him." All the other people became quiet.
The question is: What did people think of the son at first?
The possible answers are:
A:lovely
B:funny
C:strange
D:cleverWhen do you think of a forest, what do you see? Just trees? Or do you see many other things, such as singing birds, colorful plants and wild flowers?
The forest is a whole world of its own. It is full of many different living things . But even though they are all different, they have one thing in common: they all need each other in order to live on .The trees feed the forest "people" by making food in their leaves; by using sunlight to join water and minerals  from the soil and air. Their deep network of roots joins the soil together and stops it from dying out, making it possible for living things to live in it.
Human beings  are like the living things in the forest. We need one another in order to live. We need the farmers to grow our food, railroad and truck drivers to bring it to our shops and clerks  to sell it to us. We need people to prepare our food and cook it and others to take our waste things away. Then, of course, we need doctors, nurses, government leaders, mailmen, telephone operators, and many others.
We also need other human beings in another way. We need people for friendship, to talk over our problems, exchange ideas. Think how lonely and unhappy you would be if you lived all alone.
Life is a matter of giving and taking. We need to help other people as much as we need other people to help us. Think what a good feeling you have when you have done something for someone else. You know, being a volunteer is so great!
,.
The question is: According to the writer, human beings need  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:doctors
B:truck driver
C:farmers
D:all of the aboveToday Grandma comes for a visit. She gives my sister and me a box of chocolate candies. We say "thank you!"
Then Jenny quickly takes off the box. The pieces all look the same! I can't tell which pieces are hard inside and which are soft! I only like the soft ones. Jenny does not care. She is happy to get any kind of candy!
I slowly look at all the pieces; I don't know which one to choose. Just then Dad calls us Grandma is going home, He wants us to say goodbye to her. I hurry to the front door where they are standing. Jenny comes a few minutes later. I say, "Grandma, I hope to see you soon. I always feel sad when you leave. "Jenny stands behind me and doesn't say anything. After Grandma goes home, I find out why Jenny doesn't say anything.
She has most of our candies in her mouth! Only a few pieces are left in the bottom of the box! Then I'm sad!
The question is: What do they get from their grandma?
The possible answers are:
A:Chocolate cakes
B:Bar of chocolate
C:A box of chocolate candy
D:Some sweet cookiesYesterday,I overheard our 9-year-old son,Aaron,talking to his friend,Zach.
"Oh,God!"Zach began,looking in Aaron's closet "Where are all your toys?"
"Oh,we are doing something called Simplicity plan,so I basically got rid of 80% of my stuff . "
"What? Did your mom and dad make you do this?"
"No, Idecided to do it because I wanted to.When I give away a lot of my things,I make room for family activities. I did it because I wanted to live differently and have less stuff in my life."
"But still,why would you choose to get rid of most of your toys?"
"Part of the reason is that my parents were doing it with their stuff .And my mom talked to me about it and explained how they felt happier afterwards. And I thought maybe I really had spent a lot of my time in my room playing with toys instead of spending time with my parents and sister."
"Seriously?"
"I feel proud because I am a person who has just what I need and not more. And I'm starting
new activities like writing how I feel,reading more,and spending more time doing housework around the house."
"OK.Let me get this. You have fewer toys,more housework,and you feel happier?"
"Well, it's not that the housework is fun ,But I do it with my parents. We talk and connect while we are doing it, so that is the fun.And we've been doing more activities together, like reading aloud at night. And on weekends,we have conversations or go out together, instead of my dad being at his computer,my mom cleaning and me playing with my toys."
The question is: Why did Aaron give away most of his toys?
The possible answers are:
A:Because he didn't like them.
B:Because his parents made him do it.
C:Because he had no time to play with them.
D:Because he wanted to spend more time with his family." To seek  happiness is to look for it" was once said by the famous French author Jules Renard. Look for it? Sure...but don't spend a lifetime trying, especially if it's well within your reach but you're just too blind to see it. Discover the three keys to happiness that you have already understood, but that you are just too afraid to find it.
1. Accepting Yourself
The idea of happiness is difficult to understand if you are not at peace with yourself. Learn to accept yourself as you are. Your next step will be to improve your attitude for tomorrow, for the next day, for the day after that, and so forth.
By beginning to accept reality, you will come to the final point of true happiness. Only when you are at peace with yourself, will you finally be able to admit  that you are, in fact, a happy person.
2. Forgiving Others
Forgiving others is a true show of humanity  which also allows us to feel more at ease. When you learn to forgive, you also learn to keep a firm hold on your life. To forgive is to open the doors of personal satisfaction. Yet you simply open your mind to answer, " Do I really want to allow my anger to grow and eat me from inside out?"
3. Helping Your Neighbors
When a friend seems to be suffering from a state of depression  , it's quite easy to help him or her out of the trouble. The best attitude to have in this situation is to make him or her understand that he or she is not alone.
If you come to save a friend in need, you'll feel a lot more at peace with yourself. You will feel high--spirited by knowing that someone is looking at life on the brighter side thanks to your kind words.
,.
The question is: Who most probably feels happy?
The possible answers are:
A:Mrs. Brown,dreaming of having a better--paid job.
B:Mrs. Black, loving his teaching job deeply.
C:Mrs. Rowling, being unwilling to face failure.
D:Mrs. Lee, refusing his best friend's apology.Most people are writing blogs  . Others are reading them. The word " blog" is a short way of saying Web log almost like QQ Zone  .
Many popular Web sites now offer free, easy ways to create personal Web pages and fill them with writings and pictures. Blogs offer people a place to show their writings and feelings over the Internet. They can also be helpful to connect people with others.
A blog has both good and bad points, of course. People choose to write what they think in blogs, for they know that their friends will read what they write. If you are feeling sad one day and write your feelings in your blog, your friends may quickly write back to _ you or offer their help. Blogs help people keep good friendship and let them know what their friends are doing. But the problem is that anyone can read what you write in your blog. If you are not satisfied with a friend during school, and you write something bad about him in your blog, your friend read the blog and get angry. So we have to be careful of what we write.
In many ways, a blog and a diary are almost the same. So what makes a blog different from a diary? The biggest difference is that a blog is more public than a diary.
The question is: _   can offer free ways to create personal Web pages and fill them with writings and pictures.
The possible answers are:
A:QQ
B:Web pages
C:Web sites
D:BlogsThe high school years are a key period. The things we learn during this time really shape our lives. Liu Changrning, principal of Beijing No. 4 High School made 18 suggestions for students just starting high school on how to get the best out of high school. Here are ten of them.
1) Read 50 books. But choose them from ten different fields.
2) Help a person. Look for a classmate, an elderly person, in fact anyone who could benefit   from your help. You'll find you benefit too!
3) Research. Research a particular area, such as science, history or art.
4) Make a foreign friend. Try to be friend someone from a foreign country. It's an ideal way to learn about a foreign country.
5) Publish   an article. Whether it appears in a newspaper, your school magazine or in your own blog, an article will be something to look back on in pride in later years.
6) Take up a new sport. Choose one you've never played before. If you find you like it, you'll have a hobby for life.
7) Join a club. Working hard in a club or other activities will give you a life outside of your studies.
8) Find a part-time job. Try and do the job for at least a month.
9) Find a person to learn from. Choose someone with unusual experience or special talent. Try to learn all you can from him or her.
10) Learn to cook four Chinese dishes. Learning how to cook is not only a practical skill but a way of building a bridge to other people.
The question is: According to the passage, by making a foreign friend you can   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:learn about another culture
B:practice spoken English
C:discuss the international situation
D:share your happiness and sadnessNot only a popular singer was Yao Beina, but also she was an energetic and warm-hearted angel. She had her corneas   donated to two men who needed them, which helped them see the world clearly again.
Yao was born in a music family on Sept. 26, 1981 in Wuhan. She started to learn the piano at the age of 4, and she sang her first song on the stage when she was 9 years old. Yao did quite well in singing, so she took part in the thirteenth Youth Singing Competition and won the first prize.
She became well-known to the public after making a series of songs for the hit TV drama "The Legend of Zhenhuan" in 2012, and the mandarin version   of "Let It Go" from Disney's "Frozen". In July 2013, she competed in The Voice of China II and finally got the second place in Na Ying's team. She had won a lot of music awards before she was famous.
Yao Beina was unfortunate to be diagnosed with breast cancer   and had a successful operation in 2011. Since then, she has fought against the disease for about four years while keeping singing, but sadly she failed. She originally thought of donating all of her organs   to save others' lives, but failed to do it because of her serious illness.
She's gone, even though she had never stopped struggling with cancer. Heaven just got another beautiful angel, with her beautiful voice and kindness.
The question is: Which is TRUE about Yao Beina according to the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:She started to play the piano at the age of 5.
B:She had great voice and won a lot of awards in music.
C:She was a weak and selfish girl.
D:She won over the breast cancer in the end.Zhang Feng, a 23-year-old man from Zhengzhou, China, has developed a special kind of kungfu skill. He called it "Shaolin Sunshine Hand". It allows him to get enough energy with his fists   to put out candles up to three meters away.
I used to watch those Chinese kungfu films during the 80s and 90s. I used to love seeing kungfu actors make things far away with their fists, but at that time I knew it was not true. However, after I watched the video, I changed my idea. The video went very popular in China recently. It showed that the young man named Zhang Feng put out 15 candles in a line three meters away with air or energy generated by his flying fists.
You may say it's not true, and you're not the only one. But the young man actually invited two reporters from The Zhengzhou Evening News newspaper into his home to see his act and then film him doing it. The two reporters tried their best, but were only able to put out one of the 15 candles set 10 cm apart, and even blowing air didn't put out all the candles. Zhang Feng, on the other hand, put them all out just by throwing punches. The two reporters were _ and couldn't explain how he did it. They said that Zhang Feng was a great Shaolin master.
The question is: Why did Zhang Feng invite two reporters to his home?
The possible answers are:
A:Because he wanted them to interview him.
B:Because he wanted to have a big dinner with them.
C:Because he wanted them to watch and then film him doing it.
D:Because he wanted to watch them put out the candles by throwing punches.It is a very nice Sunday morning. Ann and her mother are on a big bus. There are many people on it. Some are from America. Some are from England and Japan. They are all friends. They are going to the Great Wall. There are two Chinese on the bus, too. They are a young man and a young woman. They can speak English. The young man is the driver of the bus. The woman is talking about the Great Wall. The others are all listening to her. They all like the Great Wall.
The question is: The driver of the bus is    _   .
The possible answers are:
A:a Chinese
B:an Englishman
C:an American
D:a JapaneseSeed of Kindness
Jim, a successful businessman, told the experience of his childhood.
When he was 12, his parents died. He was alone and didn't get on well with others. People always laughed at him. No one showed kindness to him.
His only friend was a dog named Tige. He gave his dog enough to eat and drink, but sometimes he was not polite to it. He didn't know that an unkind work sometimes could cut one's heart like a knife.
One day as he walked down the street, a young lady was walking in front of him. Suddenly one of her bags dropped from her arms. As she stopped to pick it up, she dropped other bags. He came to help her."Thank you, dear! You are a nice little boy!"she said kindly, smiling.
A special feeling came to him. These were the first kind words he had ever heard. He watched her until she went far away, and then he whistled to his dog happily and went directly to the river nearby.
"Thank you, dear! You are a nice little boy!"he repeatedthe woman's words. Then in a low voice he said to his dog,"You are a nice little dog!"Tige raised its ears as if it understood.
"Uhum! Even a dog likes it!"he said,"Well, Tige, I won't say unkind words to you anymore."Tige waved its tail happily.
The boy thought and thought. Finally he looked at himself in the river. He saw nothing but a dirty boy. He washed his face carefully. Again he looked. He saw a clean nice boy. He was amazed. From then on, he had a new life.
After telling this, the businessman stopped for a while, and then he said,"Ladies and gentlemen, this is the very place where that kind woman planted in me the first seed of kindness. All of us should learn about kindness. What a great powerit has!"
The question is: Which of the following is True according to the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:Jim usually had many friends around him.
B:Jim often washed his dirty face in the lake.
C:Jim never took good care of his friend, Tige.
D:Jim thought the woman planted in him the first seed of kindness.Everybody hates rats. But in the earthquake places of the world - Japan, Los Angeles, Turkey - rats will soon be man's new best friends.
What happens after an earthquake? We send in rescue  dogs. Why? Because they can smell people. Dogs save lives. They help rescuers to find living people. But dogs are big and they can't get into small spaces. So now a new research project is using a smaller animal to save lives: the rat.
How does it work? First, the rat is trained to smell people. When this happens, the rat's brain gives a signal. This is sent to a small radio on its back, and then the rescuers follow the radio signals. When the rat's brain activity jumps, the rescuers know that someone is alive. The rat has smelled that person.
Although there are already robots which can do this job, rats are better. Christian Linster at Cornell University, New York, says, " 'Robot' noses don't work well when there are other smells around. Rats are good at that." Rats can also see in the dark. They are cheaper and quicker to train than dogs, and unlike robots, they don't need electricity.
The " rat project" is not finished, but Julie Ryan of International Rescue Corps in Scotland says, " It would be fantastic. A rat would get into spaces we couldn't get to and a rat would get out if it wasn't safe." Perhaps for the first time in history, people will be happy to see a rat in a building ( but only after an earthquake, of course.)
The question is: In the earthquake places, rats will become man's best friends because they can   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:take the place of man in rescue jobs
B:find the positions of people alive who are trapped in buildings
C:serve as food for people alive who are trapped in buildings
D:send signals for the coming earthquakeHealthy eating doesn't just mean what you eat, but how you eat. Here is some advice  on healthy eating.
Eat with others. It can help you to see others' healthy eating habits. If you usually eat with your parents, you can find that the food you eat is more delicious
Listen to your body. Ask yourself if you are really hungry. Have a glass of water to see if you are thirsty---sometimes you are just thirsty, you need no food. Stop eating before you feel full.
Eat breakfast. Breakfast is the most important meal of the day. After you don't eat for the past ten hours, your body needs food to get you going. You can be cleverer after eating breakfast.
Eat healthy snacks like fruits, yogurt or cheese. We all need snacks sometimes. In fact, it's a good idea to eat two healthy snacks between your three meals. This doesn't mean that you can eat a bag of chips instead of   a meal.
Don't eat dinner late. With our busy life, we always put off  eating dinner time. Try to eat dinner at least 3 hours before you go to bed. This will give your body a chance  to
most of the food before you sleep.
The question is: Which is TRUE ?
The possible answers are:
A:Snacks are bad for our health.
B:We should keeping eating until  we are full.
C:Dinner is the most important meal of the day.
D:We should have dinner at least 3 hours before going to bed.Whole Wheat Apple Pancake
INGREDIENTS:
2 cups of whole wheat flour
1/2 teaspoon of salt
2 eggs
1/4 cup of vegetable oil
2 large apples
1 cup of butter
DIRECTIONS:
Stir   the flour and salt in a large bowl. Pour eggs and oil in. Mix the apples in.
Heat a large pan over a medium heat. Put a large teaspoon of batter onto the pan and cook until the batter is dry. Then flip the pancake and cook until it is brown on the other side. When both sides have a light brown color, the pancake is ready. Heat the butter over a medium heat and add it to the pancake. It makes the pancake taste more delicious.
The question is: You don't need   _   to make whole wheat apples pancakes.
The possible answers are:
A:mike
B:salt
C:flour
D:butterHave you ever been ill? When you are ill,you must be unhappy because your body becomes hot,and there are pains all over your body. You don't want to work,you stay in bed,feeling very sad.
What makes us ill? It is germs . Germs are everywhere. They are very small and you can't find them with your eyes,but you can see them with a microscope. They are very small and there could be hundreds of them on a very small thing.
Germs are always found in dirty water. When we look at dirty water under the microscope,we shall see them in it. So your father and mother will not let you drink dirty water.
Germs aren't found only in water. They are found in air and dust. If you cut your finger,if some of the dust from the floor goes into the cut ,some of the germs would go into your finger. Your finger would become big and red,and you will have much pain in it. Sometimes the germs would go into all of your body,and you would have pain everywhere.
The question is: Why don't your parents let you drink dirty water?
The possible answers are:
A:You haven't looked at it carefully.
B:Water can't be drunk in this way.
C:There must be lots of germs in it.
D:Water will make you ill.In one way, it may be thought that failure is a part of life. In another, failure may be regarded as a step towards success.
The "spider story" is often told as an example of this. Robert Bruce, leader of the Scots in the 13th century, was hiding in a hole on a hill from the English. He watched a spider  making a web . Bruce is said to have got confidence from this and to have gone on to beat the English. Edison, too, the inventor of the light bulb , made hundreds of models that failed before he found the right way to make one.
So what? First, always think about your failure. What caused it? Were you in high spirit then? What can you change so that things will go right the next time?
Second, is the goal you are trying to reach the right one? Try to do some thinking about what your real goal may be. Think about this question: If I am successful in this, where will it get me?" This may help to prevent failure in the things you shouldn't be doing anyway.
The third thing to remember about failure is that it's a part of life. Learn to "live with yourself!" even though you may have failed. Remember, "You can't live with them all."
The question is: It can be learned from the passage that   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:one should try not to fail
B:one's failure is another's success
C:one should take failures seriously
D:one should learn lessons from failuresBob Butler lost his legs in 1965 in Vietnam. Later he returned to the USA and began his life in wheelchair  . One day he was working in his yard when he heard a woman calling for help. He began moving towards the woman's house, but something on the ground stopped his wheelchair going through the back door. So he got out of his wheelchair and started to crawl  .
When Butler got through the back door of the house, he found there was a little girl in the pool. She had no arms and couldn't swim. Her mother was calling for help crazily. Butler got into the pool and pulled the little girl out of the water. Her face was blue, and she was not breathing.
Butler did CPR   on her right away. As Butler continued doing CPR, he talked to the mother. "Don't worry," he said. "It'll be OK. I was her arms to get out of the pool. I am now her lungs. Together we can make it."
Soon the little girl coughed and began to cry. The mother asked Butler how he knew it would be OK. "I didn't know," he told her. "But when my legs were blown off   in the war, a little girl in Vietnam said to me in broken English, 'It'll be OK. You will live. I'll be your legs. Together we make it.' Her kind words brought hope to me and I wanted to do the same for your little girl."
The question is: How did Butler get through the woman's back door?
The possible answers are:
A:By bike.
B:On foot.
C:By crawling.
D:By moving his wheelchair.On February 3rd, 1949, New York Harbor was an exciting place. Many people were there to greet a ship from France. On the ship were 49 French railroad boxcars filled with gifts from the people of France to the people of America. These boxcars were from the famous Merci Train(Merci:a French word meaning "thank you").
After World War II, a lot of factories, roads and farms in France had been destroyed. Many French people had no jobs or money and had little to wear and little to eat. In the winter of 1947, a train was sent across the United States, stopping in cities and towns along the way. At every stop, people gave whatever they could. Factories gave clothing and medicine. Farmers gave food. Families gave money. Even school children gave away their pocket money. All the things were then taken to France by ship.
By 1949,the French had begun to recover from the war. The Merci Train was their way of saying "thank you" to America. French people had filled the boxcars with gifts. Most of _ were personal, like hand-made toys, children's drawings, or postcards. But the boxcars themselves were perhaps the most meaningful of the gifts. On each car, the French people had painted the pictures of all their 40 provinces. with an American eagle on the front. The boxcars were taken to each state of America, where they were warmly greeted.
Now many of the states still keep their boxcars. Gifts sent by the French people can still be seen in some museums. The Merci Train came out of the war, but it now reminds the world that countries can also work together in peace.
The question is: Many people crowded at New York Harbor on February 3rd, 1949 to   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:welcome the Merci Train
B:meet their families
C:have a big party
D:start a trip by shipDo your kids ask a lot of questions? If they do, that's great. Because that's how children learn. Some of these questions may be easy to answer. Others may be hard. And they want to get the right answers. Do your kids ask such questions?
*Why is the sky blue? Why is the sunset red?
*Why are leaves green?
*Why do leaves change color in autumn?
*How do airplanes fly?
Can you answer these questions? If not, don't worry. Though Science Made Simple can't help with all of life's important questions, it can help with those. In this fast changing world, the more your children know about science, the better.
Get the help you need now, and every month you can get Science Made Simple online for only $11.95 for 10 issues . Click here: questions @sciencemadesimple. Com for more information. Remember, if you are not happy with your first issue, we will give back all your money.
The question is: How much will you pay if you don't like the first issue of Science Made Simple?
The possible answers are:
A:$11.95.
B:$1.195.
C:Nothing.
D:$10.When I was young,I liked to play jokes on people I knew, especially on my parents and friends. One day my mother was cooking and I was playing with my younger brother Tony. Suddenly I ran to my mother and said: "Tony fell from the open window!" She was very worried and ran out of the kitchen. Then I said: "Don't worry, I'm just joking." My mother shouted at me, "If you do it again, I'll hit you."
Another day I went swimming with my friends in the sea. I wanted to play a joke on them. In the beginning I swam fast and I called out "Help!". All my friends came to help me. However, they found that I was joking. But half an hour later I wasn't joking. I was so fast, soon I got tired and couldn't swim on in water. I tried my best to call my friends for help, but this time nobody came to help me.
In the end they found I was telling the truth. They came and saved my life. They took me to the hospital. This is the best lesson in my life. From then on I haven't joked on anyone.
The question is: When the writer called his friends for help for the second time, they   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:took him to the hospital at once
B:came and saved him immediately
C:thought at first he was joking again
D:did nothing because the writer had lied to themAnn is a 13-year-old girl. She doesn't like popular  music.
One of her friends asks her, "What do you think of Wang Lihong and his popular music?"
"Who is Wang Lihong? I don't know him." Ann says, "I like classical  music."
Her friend looks at her surprisingly  and says, "Classical music is for old people. We can't stand  it. We like cool things."
Ann doesn't know why her friend says that. When she goes home, she talks to her father.
"Dad, am I strange?"
"I don't think so. Why do you ask that?"
"Because my friends can't stand classical music, but I like it."
"Never mind , Ann. You don't need to do what other people do. Everyone has different _ . Some of them are popular, but others are not."
The question is: What can we know from the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:Ann's like is different from  her friends'.
B:Ann talks with her father about her friends.
C:Ann knows why her friend looks at her surprisingly.
D:Ann's friend thinks classical music is for young people.Bob Butler lost his legs in 1965 in Vietnam. Later he returned to the USA and began his life in wheelchair  . One day he was working in his yard when he heard a woman calling for help. He began moving towards the woman's house, but something on the ground stopped his wheelchair going through the back door. So he got out of his wheelchair and started to crawl  .
When Butler got through the back door of the house, he found there was a little girl in the pool. She had no arms and couldn't swim. Her mother was calling for help crazily. Butler got into the pool and pulled the little girl out of the water. Her face was blue, and she was not breathing.
Butler did CPR   on her right away. As Butler continued doing CPR, he talked to the mother. "Don't worry," he said. "It'll be OK. I was her arms to get out of the pool. I am now her lungs. Together we can make it."
Soon the little girl coughed and began to cry. The mother asked Butler how he knew it would be OK. "I didn't know," he told her. "But when my legs were blown off   in the war, a little girl in Vietnam said to me in broken English, 'It'll be OK. You will live. I'll be your legs. Together we make it.' Her kind words brought hope to me and I wanted to do the same for your little girl."
The question is: What did Butler find when he got through the woman's back door?
The possible answers are:
A:A little girl lost her legs.
B:The woman was saving her kid.
C:The woman was in the pool.
D:A little girl was in the pool.A man died and was on his way to another world, either heaven   or hell  . He saw an extremely grand palace half way and the owner of the palace asked him to stay and live in the palace.
The man said, "I have been working hard during my life and now I just want to eat and sleep without any work."
The owner of the palace said, "If so, there is nowhere else better than here for you. There is plenty of seafood and delicacies   in my palace, and you can eat whatever you like without anyone stopping you. And nothing needs to be done by you." Then, the man settled down   in the palace.
At the beginning, the man felt very happy at the cycle of eating and sleeping. But gradually, he felt a bit lonely and void. So he went to the palace owner and said, "It is very bored to live by just eating and sleeping every day. Now I show no interest in this kind of life any more. Could you help me find a job?"
The owner replied, "Sorry, there is no job here at all."
After another several months, the man could not go on with the life and went to the palace owner again, "I really can not stand this kind of life any more. If you do not offer me a job, I would prefer to go to hell instead of living here."
The owner of the palace smiled contemptuously  , "Do you think it is heaven here? It is actually hell!"
,. (10)
The question is: Why did the man want to find a job in the palace?
The possible answers are:
A:Because he was too poor to live.
B:Because there were many jobs for him.
C:Because he wanted to make more money.
D:Because he felt lonely and bored with the life.What would turkeys do if they could think like us? Maybe the first thing is to run away from our dinner!
That's the idea of Reggie and Jake. They are two turkeys in the new movie Free Birds (<<>> ).
On Thanksgiving Day, people in the United States eat turkeys. But why? Reggie and Jake want a change.
In a time machine, they go back to the first Thanksgiving in 1621.
Reggie liked to be alone  . But this time, he learns to become part of a team to make a big change.
The question is: How do Reggie and Jake go back to the first Thanksgiving?
The possible answers are:
A:On foot
B:By ship
C:In a train
D:In a time machine.My grandfather is a teacher. He is the head teacher of a school for boys between the ages of thirteen and eighteen. I know that he is a kind man, because he gives me presents , and let me sit on his knees , and tells me stories. But I believe  the boys at his school are afraid of him. At school, when he walks into a room full of boys, they will be quiet at once . When he looks at a boy with a certain look in his eyes, that boy's face goes red, and looks down at his shoes. If a boy brings careless work, my grandfather will pick up the boy's book and throw  it across the room, shouting , "Do it all again, and bring it back the first thing in the morning!" if the boy is late, or if he forgets to bring the work, he has to do it again, and again and yet again.
The question is: My grandfather does not like to receive  _
The possible answers are:
A:my poor work
B:the work that the boys can't do
C:his students' careless work
D:the most careful workIt started as a game.Wendy and Peter were in River Park.They watched the boats in the river and visited the zoo.They played on the slides and swings.They watched the merry-go-round,but they did not have money for a ride.They ate their sandwiches at a picnic table.Suddenly Wendy jumped up.
"I know what to do,"she said."Look at all that junk under the tables.Let's pick it up."
So they picked up paper and empty boxes and cans.They put them in the green cans marked"Litter".Peter's dog Stoopy picked up some paper and ran away with it.Peter called him back and took it from him.Then they taught Stoopy to carry trash for them.They put it in the cans.They worked until there was no trash left on the picnic grounds.
The next day their friends Mario and Andy came to the park with them.They helped to tidy the picnic grounds again.Then they ran all over the park looking for litter.They tried to see who could find the most.After that,it was a game they played every time they came to the park.
One day,a man came with a camera.He watched what they were doing.He asked to take a picture for them.Then he took them all for a free ride on the merry-go-round,even Stoopy.The next day their picture was in the newspaper.It said."Five Litter Lifters at River Park".After that all their friends wanted to be litter lifters.It was the beginning of a club that was a model for others to follow.
The question is: Why did Wendy and Peter go to the park at first?
The possible answers are:
A:To have fun.
B:To throw paper.
C:To empty litter cans.
D:To ride on the merry-go-round.My uncle Mike is a music teacher. He never gets up very _ He usually gets up at five o'clock in the morning. After he brushes his teeth, he often plays baseball with my aunt.
Then he eats his breakfast. After that, he often plays the violin. At about 7:50, he takes the Number 6 bus to his school.
He has no classes on Thursday and Friday. He usually goes to the violin club. Then he helps kids with the violin. Oh, my brother plays the violin very well. Do you love to play the violin? Do you want to join the violin club? Please call my uncle at 1163886.
The question is: On Thursday and Friday Mike usually   _
The possible answers are:
A:plays basketball with his sister
B:goes to the baseball club
C:has classes at school
D:goes to the violin clubArthur Robert Ashe Jr. was the first African-American player to take part in the international sport of tennis at the highest level of the game. He was born on July 10, 1943.
When Arthur was 6, his mother died. Arthur, with his father and his brother, lived near a large park in Richmond, Virginia. His father was the manager of the park. He took care of the park and made sure everything was right.
Arthur was allowed to play in the park when he was seven years old. He was quite energetic. A swimming pool, tennis courts, and baseball diamonds  were in the park. Arthur spent a lot of time playing there. He did well in sports, but he had never tried to play tennis.
He often watched the tennis players. Sometimes there were tennis lessons, and Arthur would watch even more carefully. The young man teaching the lessons noticed Arthur. His name was Ronald Charity.
Mr. Charity asked Arthur if he wanted to learn to play tennis. Arthur was excited and agreed. Arthur learned very quickly. Mr. Charity found Arthur would grow up to be a good tennis player. By the time he was ten, Arthur won atournament . Many older and bigger players came to the park trying to win the prize, but Arthur beat them. He became known as "the kid who could play tennis".
Arthur grew up to be one of the first successful African-American tennis players. He played and won all over the world.
The question is: The park offered people all of these EXCEPT   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:tennis
B:football
C:baseball
D:swimmingMary had a nice summer vacation last year. She went to Hawaii  in July. Mary likes fruits, and the Hawaiian bananas and oranges were great. The weather was very fine, but sometimes it rained heavily. On Monday she went to the museum. It was an interesting place and not very crowded . On Tuesday she went to the mountains. On Wednesday she visited an old friend. They went to the movies in the evening. The movie was so funny that they laughed again and again. On vacation she felt like she she was a flying bird! The vacation cost  her about 600 dollars, but Mary had a fun time.
The question is: Why did Mary laugh when they saw the movie in that evening?
The possible answers are:
A:Because she felt like she was a flying bird.
B:Because she liked to see the movies.
C:Because the movie was very interesting.
D:Because she disliked the terrible movie.Tim and Li Fang are not going to have any classes next week. They're going to work on a farm. They are going to leave at about seven thirty on Monday morning. They are going to travel to the farm by bus. They are going to wear old clothes because they are going to grow rice. They are going to have fish for lunch. They are also going to have a swim at the farm.
Tim and Li Fang are excited about going to the farm. Not only are they going to help around the farm, they are going to learn about farming.
Li Fang is worried that Tim won't arrive on time to catch the bus because he is nearly always late. Li Fang often has to say to him, "Don't be late, Tim."
The question is: How are they going to the farm?
The possible answers are:
A:By bike.
B:On foot.
C:By bus
D:By car.It is raining money !
Imagine this . A big bag full of money falls from the sky and lands right next to you . What would you do with the money ?
This is the question faced by British seven-year-old Damian in the film " Millions ."
Damian and his brother moved to a new place with their dad , after their mother passed away . Damian tries to make new friends , but he feels lonely .
When Damian is watching some trains one day , a bag full of money falls out of the sky and lands at Damian's feet . The bag has 265,000 pounds in it !
He can't wait to tell his brother , nine-year-old Anthony . But Anthony doesn't want to tell their dad .
Soon the money brings trouble . They have different ideas about what to do with it . Damian is kind-hearted . He wants to give money away to the poor . But Anthony wants to use it all to make more money ! As a kid , he also wants to buy a lot of fun toys !
But they have only one week to spend the money before Britain starts using euros !
They also find out where the money came from ! The terrible owner wants it back !
At the same time , their father works hard to give them a bigger house .
What will they do with the money ? Watch the film to find out . Together with the two kids , you'll learn that true wealth has nothing to do with money !
The question is: Who found the bag full of money which falls from the sky ?
The possible answers are:
A:Two real British boys.
B:Two boys in a film .
C:The father of two boys.
D:A boy in a film .Bob Smith is a little boy. On the first day at school, his teacher, Ms. Green, teaches him three words--you, he and I. Then the teacher says, "I am your teacher. You are my student. He is your classmate."
When school is over, Bob goes home. His mother asks him,"What does your teacher teach you today?"Bob says with a smile,"Listen, Mom. I am your teacher, you are my student and he is your classmate."His mother says,"No, dear. You are wrong."Then she says, "I am your mother. You are my son. He is your father."
The next morning at school, Bob's teacher asks Bob to make sentences with the words "you, he and I". Bob stands up and says, "I am your mother. You are my son. He is your father."
The question is: Who teaches Bob three words?
The possible answers are:
A:Bob's teacher
B:Bob's father
C:Bob's mother
D:Bob himselfMaking friend is a skill. Like most skills, it improves with practice. If you want to meet people and make friends, you must be willing  to take some action. You must first go where there are people. You won't make friends staying home alone.
Join a club or group, talking with those who like the same things you do is much easier. Or join someone in some activity. Many people are nervous when talking to new people. After all, meeting strangers means facing the unknown. And it's human nature to feel a bit uncomfortable about the unknown.
Most of our fears about dealing with new people come from doubts about ourselves. We imagine other people are giving an opinion about us-finding us too tall or too short, too this or too that. But don't forget that they must be feeling the same away. Try to accept yourself as you are, and try to put the other person at ease . You'll both feel more comfortable.
Try to keep self-confident even when you don't feel that way when you enter a room full of strangers, such as a new classroom, walk tall and straight, look directly at other people and smile. If you see someone you'd like to speak to, say something. Don't wait for the other person to start a conversation.
Just meeting someone new does not mean that you will make friends with that person-friendship is based on each other's liking and "give and take". They take time and efforts to develop. And there are things that keep a new friendship from growing.
The question is: If you want to meet people and make friends, what should you do?
The possible answers are:
A:Join a club or group.
B:Talk with those who like the same things.
C:Join someone in some activity.
D:All of the aboveDear Disney,
Last weekend, the four members of my family spent an enjoyable holiday at the Magic Kingdom - Disneyland. And one event made our visit seem truly magical.
We got to the front of the line at Space Mountain, only to find out that our little daughter Gloria
couldn't take her ice-cream on the ride. We were so excited that we all forgot ice-cream was not allowed on the ride.
Gloria broke into tears and we all had no idea what to do. Then Murphy, one of the staff  members, came over. She bent down and told Gloria that she would hold the ice-cream for her and give it to her when she finished the ride. Gloria said, "Promise?" Then she gave Murphy her ice-cream, and she completely enjoyed the ride.
Sure enough, as we walked out the exit, there was Gloria's new friend with "her" ice-cream.
Now you and I both know what happened, because we know that an ice-cream won't last twenty minutes on a summer afternoon in Florida. Murphy knew what time we would get off the ride. she went to the nearest shop and bought a brand-new ice-cream thirty seconds before we walked out the exit. Gloria said, "Thank you," but I'm sure she thought it was the same ice-cream.
We know that _ tried hard to make our visit special. Thanks so much for going above and beyond!
Your fan,
Carmen Rivera
The question is: In order to keep the promise, Murphy   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:tookGloriatothenearestshop
B:askedhernewfriendtohelpGloria
C:helpedGloriagetofftheride
D:boughtanewice-creamforGloriaMr Brown is one of my friend . He can run very fast and likes to show people how fast he can run .
One day , a thief  got into his house , took some of his things and ran out of the house fast . Mr. Brown found it and ran after him , and shouted  ,"Hey ! Don't you know you can't get away from me ?"
But the thief ran much faster . Mr. Brown got angry and ran faster , too . He was soon a few kilometers away from his house . He was running hard when he met me. " Why are you running so fast ?" I asked , " I want to catch a thief ." said Mr. Brown "But where is the thief ?" I asked . " Kilometers and kilometers behind ." Said Mr. Brown proudly . " He thought he could run faster than me , but you see he is wrong ."
The question is: Who ran faster , Mr. Brown or the thief ?
The possible answers are:
A:Yes, Mr. Brown .
B:No, the thief .
C:Mr. Brown
D:The thief.When shopping in a store, I met a boy. When I saw him waving his hands excitedly in the air and shouting in a loud voice, " Mommy, I'm here," I knew he was mentally challenged.
I asked his name and he said proudly, " My name is Denny and I'm shopping with my mother." "Wow," I said, " That's a cool name. How old are you, Denny?"
" How old am I now, Mommy?" he asked his mother. " You're fifteen years old, Denny; now be a good boy and let the man pass by." I continued to talk to Denny for several more minutes about summer, bicycles and school. _ 
Denny's mom thanked me for talking with her son. She told me that most people wouldn't even look at him, let alone talk to him. I told her that it was my pleasure and then I said, " There are plenty of red, yellow, and pink roses in the garden, however, 'Blue roses'are very _ and should be appreciated for their beauty and distinctiveness . Denny is a 'Blue ses'and if someone doesn't stop and smell that rose with their heart and kindness, then they've missed a chance to appreciate the beauty."
She was silent for a second, and then went away with tears in her eyes.
The question is: Where did the writer meet the boy?
The possible answers are:
A:In the street
B:In a store
C:In a garden
D:In a schoolMr.Brown is 80 years old.Every morning he goes for a walk in the park.And he comes home at twelve thirty for lunch.But today a car stops at his house.At twelve,two policemen help him get out.One of them says to Mr.Brown's daughter,"The old man can't find his way in the park.He asks us to take him home by car."The daughter thanks the policemen and they leave.Then she asks her father,"Dad,you go to that park every day.But today,you can't find the way.What's wrong with you?"The old man smiles like a child and says,"I can find my way.I don't want to walk home."
The question is: Mr.Brown's daughter thinks   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:he wants to go home
B:he wants to have lunch early
C:he doesn't want to go to the park
D:something is wrong with himInformation is received into our brain by attention, and its quality determines   how well _ will be processed, saved and used afterwards.
All information we receive is chosen by our attention. Factors   affecting   our attention are personal interest, experience, ability, feelings, knowledge, environment, timing, and so on. The same information may attract different forms and levels of attention from different people. Some people can get and save the information easily; some may have great difficulty; while others may just turn a blind eye to it. To the same information, one may even pay different levels of attention at different times. But if the facts work together, the quality of attention may be better. Therefore, it is not surprising to see that somebody with average intelligence   can have excellent performances in some fields.
The good news is that a person's attention can be shaped, trained and made stronger by effective exercise. With this in mind, we should keep improving the quality of our attention.
The question is: Which is not the factor that affects our attention according to the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:Interest and experience.
B:Experience and knowledge.
C:Ability and feelings.
D:Food and drinks.How many things can you see in the night sky? A lot! On a clear night you can see the moon, some planets, and thousands of sparking stars.
You can see even more with a telescope. You might see that many stars look larger than others. You might see that some stars that look white are really red or blue. With bigger and bigger telescopes you can see more and more objects in the sky. And you can see those objects in more and more detail.
But scientists believe there are some things in the sky that we will never see. We won't see them with the biggest telescope in the world, on the clearest night of the year.That's because they're _ . They're the mysterious dead stars called black holes.
You might find it hard to imagine that stars die. After all, our sun is a star. Year after year we see it up in the sky, burning brightly and giving us heat and light. The Sun certainly doesn't seem to be getting old or weak. But stars do burn out and die after billions of years.
As a star's gases burn, they give off light and heat. But when the gases run out, the star stops burning and begins to die.
So next time you look up at the night sky, remember: there's more in the sky than we can see!
The question is: Which of the following is NOT TRUE according to the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:We might see that many stars look larger than others with a telescope
B:We might see that some stars that look white are really red and blue with a telescope.
C:We can see some objects in more and more detail with bigger and bigger telescopes.
D:The sun certainly seems to be getting old and weak.A young man is lying in hospital sadly. The 24-year-old lost his right leg. The doctor said that his long history of smoking was the reason. "I first smoked when I was 14. _ made me feel like a man and I thought it looked cool. Now I know I was wrong," said the young man.
It is a mistake many young people make. According to the survey, 40 million of China's 130 million young people aged between 13 and 18 smoke. Fifteen million of them are addicted  . The survey also found that about 68% of young smokers first smoked before the age of 13.
Many young people see people smoke in the movies, but in real life, stars like Jackie Chan think smoking is a bad thing and not cool at all.
Doctors say that if a person starts smoking very young, he or she may live 22 years less than those who don't smoke.
The question is: What did the young man think of smoking when he first smoked?
The possible answers are:
A:It was wrong.
B:It was bad.
C:It was boring.
D:It was cool.On the fifth day of the fifth month of the Chinese lunar calendar , which is Wednesday this year, all Chinese celebrate one of their traditional festivals, the Dagon Boat Festival, or Dragon Boat Festival. Their celebrations include eating zongzi, rice wrapped in bamboo leaves in the shape of a pyramid, racing dragon boats and sticking _ on their doors.
In 2007, the central government decided to add the Dragon Boat Festival, together with two other traditional festivals - Tomb Sweeping Day   and Mid Autumn Festival - to the list of public holidays
According to tradition, our ancestors  believed the hot weather in midsummer might cause different kinds of diseases  . So, to keep off diseases and drive out evil were the main purposes of the Dragon Boat Festival. Parents used colorful threads to make necklaces and bracelets   for children, gave them beautiful embroidered bags , painted the Chinese character for "king" (wang) on their foreheads to drive away bad luck. The Dragon Boat Festival was also called "kids festival" in some places. Spending such happy hours with parents, young children began to understand the festival as well as the traditions and culture behind it. Repeating the customs year by year makes it possible for kids to learn the traditions, accept it and pass it on when they become adults.
The question is: How many public holidays added by the central government in 2007?
The possible answers are:
A:2
B:3
C:4
D:only oneOnce upon a time, there lived a wealthy and kind king. However, the people were worried about him because he was very fat. He didn't do anything other than eat and sleep.
One day, the king finally realized that he couldn't even move his body. There were many good doctors in his country. However, none could cure the king. The king had a lot of wealth, but no amount of wealth could make him healthy.
One fine morning, a holy  man visited the country. He heard about the ill health of the king and told the minister to meet him at his place, which was far from the king's palace. When the minister came, the holy man said that he could easily cure the king. Hearing these promising words, the minister became very happy. Since the king could not move his body, the minister asked the holy man to go to the king's palace to treat him. However, the holy man refused and said that he would treat the king only if the king came on foot to his place.
The king was unable to walk even a few steps on the road, but after great efforts, he reached the holy man's place. Unluckily, the holy man was not _ and his wife told the king to come the next day. This was repeated for two weeks. Suddenly, the king realized that he felt a lot lighter. Very soon, the king became healthy, and the people became happy again.
The question is: From the story, we can learn that   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:the holy man lived near the king's palace.
B:the minister didn't care about the king
C:the holy man's wife was silly
D:the king never met the holy man.Fashion is a term commonly used to describe a style of clothing worn by most people of a country. A fashion usually keeps popular for 1-3 years and then is replaced by another fashion. Even though there are a lot of changes in fashion, most people do not easily hope for the changes.
Nowadays more and more young people prefer following the fashion. On this phenomenon , different people have different opinions. It is held that one should follow the fashion so as not to be looked down or seem strange. But it is also held that one should have his or her own judgement .
Those who hold the first opinion think that society is progessing and one should get used to the changes. In their opinions, if everyone always follows the old fashion, there won't be any change and naturally there won't be much progress. However, those who hold the second view think that one shouldn't follow the fashion without having his or her own judgement and characters.
As for me, I agree with the second opinion. Of course, it's good for people to keep up with the fashion, but this is not to say that people should follow the fashion blindly . If all the people follow the same fashion, there will be no variety and the whole society will be boring.
The question is: What is the best title for the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:Hope For Fashion
B:Have Your Own Judgement
C:How to follow the fashion
D:Two ideas about the fashionPeople use money to buy food, books and hundreds of other things they need. When they work, they usually get paid in money.
Most of the money used today is made of metal or paper. But in the time long ago, people used to use all kinds of things as money. One of the first kinds of money was shells.
In China, cloth and knives were used as money. Elephant tusks , monkey tail and salt were used in some parts of the world. Rice was also a kind of money used by the people in some islands. Some animals were used as money, too.
The first copper coins were made in China. They were round and had a square hole in the center. Different countries have used different metals for their money. Later, some countries began to make coins of gold and silver . But gold and silver were heavy to carry when people needed a lot of coins to buy something expensive. The Chinese were the
first to use paper money. The first paper money looked more like a note from one person to another than the paper money used today.
Money has had an interesting story from the days of shell money till today.
The question is: _  was also a kind of money used by the people in some islands.
The possible answers are:
A:Gold
B:Animals
C:Rice
D:KnivesOne evening , it was raining and the wind was blowing hard . An old couple came to a small hotel and wanted to stay there for the night . A young man welcomed them warmly , but said "I'm sorry ! Our rooms here are all full and the hotels nearby are all full too, for there will be an important meeting held here tomorrow ."
Hearing the young man's words , the old couple felt very disappointed , and turned around to leave . Just as they were leaving , the young man came up to them and stopped them :"Madam and sir ,if you don't mind , you can sleep in my bedroom for a night ." The next morning ,the old couple took out lots of money to give it to the young man ,but he refused to take it .
"No! You needn't pay me any money , for I only lend my room to you." said the young man with a smile on his face.
"You're great, young man! It's very kind of you .Maybe one day , I'll build a hotel for you ."
said the old man. With these words , the old couple left . The young man only laughed and went on working .
Several years later , the young man got a letter from the old couple , inviting him to go to Manhattan  . The young man met the old couple in front of a five-star hotel .
"Do you still remember what I said to you several years ago ? Look ! This is the hotel that I built for you !" said the old man . Soon, the young man became the manager of the hotel.
The question is: At last , the old couple spent the night   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:in their own house
B:in an other hotel
C:in the hotel
D:in the young man's roomJimmy is at school now. He is in the classroom, but he can't find his schoolbag. Where is it? Is it lost? Oh, no! It is in his room. He doesn't take   it to the school. He calls his sister Sally and asks her to take his school things to the school. Here are his school things.
His schoolbag is on the chair. Under the chair is his pencil box. His notebook is on the desk. His dictionary is on the bed. His pencils aren't in the pencil box. They're on the sofa.
Oh, Sally, don't forget  to take his baseball. Jimmy always plays baseball after school. But where is his baseball? Oh, it's under the table.
The question is: Where is Jimmy's schoolbag?
The possible answers are:
A:In his room.
B:In the lost and found box.
C:In the classroom.
D:We don't know.A man from a big city with a new cart and a beautiful pair of horses was driving along a country road . He did not give much attention to where he was going. Very soon he knew he lost his way, but he kept on driving hoping he would meet someone or find his way back.
It was a long way. For many hours he kept on driving. When it was almost dark he saw a farmer who was working in a field. He stopped and shouted, "Hello, farmer!" "Hello, yourself!" the farmer answered, still working.
"Where does this road go?"
"I have never seen it go anywhere. It always stays where it is." said the farmer, without stopping his work.
"How far is it to the next town?" said the stranger, with a little louder voice.
"I don't know. I've never measured   it ." Answered the farmer.
By the time the city man was getting angry. "What do you know? You're the biggest fool I've seen."
The farmer stopped and turned and looked for a while at the man. Then he said, "Maybe I do not know much, perhaps I'm a fool. But at least I'm not lost."
The question is: . "I'm not lost" means "  _  ".
The possible answers are:
A:I'm not a fool.
B:I haven't lost my way.
C:I haven't lost anything.
D:I haven't lost myselfOne of the most popular items  in the school newspaper is the advice column. No one knows who writes it. The students think their teacher does, but it might be a student using a false name.
The students enjoy thinking up problems for the advice column. Here are some of them and their answers.
Ask the Wise Owl
Q: I'm always late for school. I try not to be, but I can't help it. Please advise me what to do. Tommy.
A: You are probably late for school because you don't really like school. My advice to you is to try and enjoy school more, then you won't be late so often.
Q: I find it difficult to make friends. What do you think I should do? Sara.
A: I can't advise you until I know more about you. Your problem may be that you are shy. On the other hand, it may be the opposite. You may be too bold . Write and tell me more about yourself.
Q: I'm always at the bottom(,) of the class. What do you advise me to do? Molly.
A: I advise you to concentrate on  improving your grades in one subject to start with. If you can do this, you should move a little way up from the bottom. Next, try to improve your grades in another subject, and so on. If you concentrate on one subject at a time, by the end of the year you should be quite a long way up from the bottom in all your classes.
The question is: What is the main idea of this passage?
The possible answers are:
A:Sara finds it difficult to make friends.
B:Tommy wrote to the school newspaper to ask for advice.
C:The advice column in the school newspaper is very popular.
D:The school newspaper has an advice column.Many young people want to become pop-stars. It is their great ambition  in life. They think pop-stars earn a lot of money, they lead interesting and exciting lives, thousands of fans love them, and they become famous!
Yes, but first they must become stars. Most performers star life with a group. This is the pattern nowadays. But there are many groups and competitions are hard. Groups appear and disappear almost overnight. Only a small number survive. Almost without exception they have to work very hard before they reach the top.
And very few reach the top and stay there. In England there are perhaps thirty or so groups at the top. Most of these do not earn so much money, perhaps 500 pounds each time they perform. What's more, they have quite a lot of expenses . They have to pay a manager, for example. He is the key person in their lives and takes about 20% of their earnings-perhaps more. Then there are their clothes, their instruments and their van. Sometimes they are still playing for the last two items.
And don't forget, they have to travel a great deal-sometimes 2,000 miles in one week. At times they even sleep in their van instead of a hotel, just to save money.
So now, what do you think? Are pop-stars so rich? And do they have such exciting lives?
The question is: Which of the following is the reason that many young people want to become pop-stars?
The possible answers are:
A:Living an exciting life.
B:Becoming a rich man.
C:Being loved by thousands of fans.
D:All of the above.One day, my mother said, "Let's buy you some new clothes." I was very happy and surprised because my family didn't have much money at that time. I bought three dresses, a pink one, a blue one and, best of all, a yellow and blue one. I loved that yellow and blue dress.
I showed my three new beautiful dresses to my best friend Emily. She loved them all and was happy for me. But she also felt sad and said her father could only buy her new clothes for her birthday. So I asked her to pick one. Then she picked the best one--the yellow and blue dress! You should know that I was only 7 years old and it was my turn to feel sad. She wore it and I saw her smiling, so happy and beautiful. I could feel her joy! So, I told her it looked great on her. That day, I did my best to explain this to my mother. She smiled and said, "I understand. You're always my good little girl!"
I shared my dress with my friend, and she shared her joy with me. That's friendship. And we are still best friends today!
The question is: What do you know about Emily?
The possible answers are:
A:She always played with the writer.
B:She didn't like the dresses at all.
C:Her father was not so good.
D:She was only seven years old.The 31st Summer Olympics will be held in Brazil in 2016. Before this global sporting event, we started thinking about sports that didn't exist any more and sports that were maybe a little strange. Read the following ones that have ever been included in the past Olympic Games.
Live Pigeon Shooting (1900)
This bloody event was only held once, at the 1900 Paris Games. Nearly 300 birds were killed during the competition, leaving a crime scene of feathers and blood. This is the only event in Olympic history that involved killing live animals.
Kabaddi (1936)
This sport is popular in South Asia. The object is for one member of a team to enter the other side's half of the field, and score points. The attacker then returns to his half of the field.
12 Hour Bicycle Race (1896)
Seven riders got on their bikes at 5 a.m. and rode until 5 p.m. Four riders dropped out before noon, but the winner, Adolf Schmal of Austria, managed about 180 miles. Only Schmal and one other finished.
Tug of War (1900--1920)
This may seem like a basic PE class sport more than an Olympic event, but Tug of War was actually one of the first sports played at the Olympic games in 500 BC.
There are two teams of eight; the winning team must pull the other team six feet forward.
Swimming Obstacle Race (1900)
The athletes had to climb over a pole   and a row of boats, and then swim under another row of boats. All of this was done in the Seine River, so they also had to fight against the water. This event was only ever held in 1900, in Paris.
The question is: What can we learn from the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:Athletes took part in all of the events in teams.
B:Tug of War was held in the Olympics only once.
C:Some of the events may be in the 31st Summer Olympics.
D:These events are not as popular as they used to be.An old man, too old to live on his own, went to live with his son, daughter-in-law, and a four-year-old grandson. The old man's hands trembled  , and he couldn't see clearly. The family ate together at the dinner table every night. But the grandfather's trembling hands and poor sight made eating rather difficult. Peas rolled off his spoon onto the floor. When he drank milk, he spilled it on the tablecloth. The son and daughter-in-law became angry with him. "We must do something about Grandfather," said the son. So the husband and the wife set a small table in the corner. There, the grandfather ate alone while the rest of the family enjoyed dinner at the dinner table. Since the grandfather had broken a dish or two, his food was served in a wooden bowl. Sometimes he had tears in his eyes as he ate alone. The four-year-old grandson watched it all in silence.
One evening before supper, the father noticed his son playing with wood on the floor. He asked the child sweetly, "What are you making?" Just as sweetly, the boy said, "Oh, I am making a little bowl for you and Mum to eat your food from when I grow up." The four-year-old boy smiled and went back to work. The words struck the parents and they were speechless. Then tears started to run down their cheeks. Though no word was spoken, both knew what must be done. That evening the husband took the grandfather's hand and gently led him back to the family table.
The wise parents should realize that the children are their parents' mirror.
The question is: The old man felt   _   when he ate alone while the rest of the family enjoyed dinner at the dinner table.
The possible answers are:
A:angry
B:sad
C:sad and lonely
D:lonelyDuring the day we work and play; at night we sleep. Our bodies rest while we sleep. In the morning we are ready to work and play again. While we are asleep our bodies grow most. Children usually need more sleep. We can get our lessons better and we feel better too, when we have plenty of rest. Boys and girls need ten hours of sleep every night when they are eight or nine years old. Our bodies need lots of air when we sleep. If we do not get enough fresh air we'll feel tired when we wake up. While in bed we must not cover our heads. If we do, our lungs will not get enough fresh air. If we open our windows at night we can have plenty of fresh air. Cool air is better then warm air. Boys and girls must get enough sleep if they want to grow and be strong.
The question is: Which is the best air for us?
The possible answers are:
A:fresh air
B:Cool air
C:Warm air
D:Dry airEarly to bed and early to rise makes a man healthy, wealthy and wise.
This is an old English saying. It means that we should go to bed early at night and get up early in the morning. If we do, we shall be healthy. We shall also be rich and clever.
Is this true? Perhaps it is. The body must have enough sleep. Children of your age need ten hours' sleep every night. If you do not go to bed early, you can not have enough sleep. Then you can not think properly and you can not do your work properly. You will not be wise and you may not become wealthy!
Some people go to bed late at night and get up late in the morning. This is not good for them. We should sleep at night when it is dark. The dark helps us to sleep well. When the daylight comes, we should get up. This is the time for exercise. If the body is not used, it will become weak. Exercise keeps it strong.
Exercise helps the blood to move around inside the body. This is very important. Blood takes nutrition   to all parts of our bodies. The brains in our heads also need blood. We think with our brains. If we keep our bodies healthy, and take exercise, we can think better!
Our bodies also need air to breathe. Without air we will die. Get up early in the morning and we can have plenty of clean, fresh air. That will keep us healthy and happy.
The question is: This passage is probably written for   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:old people
B:middle-aged people
C:weak people
D:childrenAn official media outlet has, for the first time, published a cartoon of President Xi Jinping, with graphic details of his engagements over the past months. Cartoons can make politicians seem more friendly, says Tao Duanfang in an article for The Beijing News.
Cartoons can leave a deep impression about a character in the minds of readers. Presidential campaign teams in countries like the US, Canada and Japan have a tradition of crafting products in the shape of politicians' caricatures.
Tao points out that caricatures of politicians have become part of pop culture in many countries, with their purposes ranging from publicity to commercial use. Cartoons and caricatures can be used to criticize or ridicule political leaders, too. Besides, they can also help politicians introduce their political views.
Tao says that cartoons and caricatures can bring politicians closer to the people and demonstrate the spirit of an inclusive and lively political climate, which is conducive   to social progress.
The question is: Which of the following countries hasn't been mentioned in the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:the United States
B:Canada
C:Japan
D:ChinaDo you get angry when your friends sing loudly while you are trying to work, or when your best friend does not wait for you after school?
If you do, you need to take control of your feelings and stop getting angry so easily. Getting angry with people can cause you to lose friends.
Gray Gerber, an American high school teacher, has written My Feelings Are Like Wild Animals to help you control your feelings. It tells teens how to stay cool when bad things happen to them.
The book says that getting angry only makes problems worse. It can never make them better. Getting angry is not a natural way to act, the book says. It is just a bad habit, like smoking.
The book says you can control your anger easily. All you have to do is tell yourself not to be angry. When a baby falls over, he only cries if people are watching him.
Like a baby, you should only get angry if you are sure it is the right thing to do. The book gives many tips to help you if you get angry easily. Here are our tips:
(1)Keep a record. Every time you get angry, write down why you are angry.
(2)Ask your friends to stop talking to you when you get angry. This will teach you not to be angry.
(3)Do something different. When you get angry, walk away from the problem and go somewhere else. Try to laugh.
The question is: What does the passage tell us?
The possible answers are:
A:Both smoking and getting angry are bad habits.
B:Getting angry is not a natural way to act.
C:When you get angry, just cry like a baby.
D:How to control our feelings and it's important.In a few years, most people will know that a healthy, happy, loving family is a joy and it is a necessary part for building a strong society. But there are still some people who don't believe family life can be an enjoyable experience.
Some people already accepted the idea of the "me generation" so they fail to understand that there is a time in life when they have to give up their time to something more valuable.
At a time when adults need to think about the needs of their family, they will be doing other important things. Some people will spend too much time working for a more powerful car or a bigger house so that they can proudly say that they have them. Some will be doing dangerous things so that they may tell their stories to their friends, and others will recite things like " I must become the best I can be."  or "I don't want to be at the bottom." The needs of their family will be forgotten and they never seem to have time for the family.
Many people have not experienced a strong helpful perfect family life, so they have never discovered its worth. Many people have always experienced family life as a flight, so they can't find time and energy for work.
But it is really very important that we all expect good family relations. We need to realize and value the importance of what can be achieved by loving each other in the family. It is also important for our society to encourage family members to create happiness.
The question is: What is the writer's purpose of writer the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:To ask people to study family life.
B:To tell people to work hard for the family.
C:To advise people to create happy family life.
D:To give people some examples of family members.Our "Timeline of Education" shows highlights of learning and education (especially related to Western education), going back to the very first education:
In the beginning: Adam got the very first lesson, from God: break the law and you pay the price.
3000 B.C. :Priests teach religion, writing, sciences.
0 B.C./A.D.: Jesus teaches in Jerusalem.
105 A.D.: Paper is invented in China.
1150-1250 : "Modern" universities founded.
1620s: Slide rule is invented, math is made easier.
1918 : All U.S. states require free education
Early 1980s: Television in the classroom. The availability of cheap VCRs makes video learning common.
Late 1990s: The Internet changes everything. E-learning courses develop.
http://www.worldwidelearn.com/education-timeline/education-timeline.htm#3000BC
The question is: Television appears in the classroom and helps the teacher and students in  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:late 1990s
B:early 1980s
C:1918
D:1620Health officials in Canada are very busy these days. They are placing chickens at fixed points all along their 2,500 km border   with the United States of America.
It's not a joke, nor have the Canadians gone mad. They are using these chickens to see if the West Nile virus   is still around. The virus infects birds, so the chickens have a chance of catching the virus and fall ill. The West Nile virus is spread among humans. It killed seven people in New York last year.
Countries around the world are realizing that it may just be possible to stop certain kinds of people from entering their land. However, it is very difficult to stop viruses traveling from one end of the earth to another. When they travel to new places, they get used to the environment very easily and sometimes start destroying the local plant and animal life. These biological polluters are called smart polluters.
These smart polluters can be carried across borders of countries unknowingly. Just as we humans are travelling across the world more often than earlier, these biological polluters have also started journey much more. They slide into airplanes through their wheels. They dig into objects that travelers may be carrying from one country to another.
There are some good examples of how these polluters work. The water hyacinth   of South America is blocking lakes in China and Africa. Tree snakes from Papua New Guinea are busy eating up some birds in the country of Guam, which breaks its natural balance.
That's why the customs   officials in many foreign countries prevent people from bringing in a small plant, or an object made of wood that is in its natural form. The customs officials have these rules because these varieties   of plants are special to certain places. The plants have the power to spread new illnesses among native plants and animals. Biological polluters always create problems in places where they do not belong. They could be special varieties of plants, bugs or even animals.
The question is: Customs officials in many countries prevent people from bringing in   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:chocolates
B:shoes
C:pictures
D:plantsMy name is David Green. I am an English boy. My family are in Beijing. My father and mother work there. I have a sister but no brothers. We have a nice house in Beijing. There is a TV, a radios, a telephone, a computer, two small beds, a big bed and a soccer ball in it. The computer is next to the TV. The telephone is in the big bed. The football is under one of the small beds. I like playing football , but my sister likes watching TV.
The question is: David is    _   .
The possible answers are:
A:Chinese
B:an English girl
C:an English boy
D:a girlThere is a famous saying in the West: Eat breakfast like a king. It means breakfast should be the most important meal of your day. Why?
The answer is in the word breakfast itself. Breakfast means "breaking of the fast ". There are about twelve hours between dinner and breakfast, so it's important to eat breakfast to keep in good health. Also, the food for breakfast will give you what you need in the day.
Eating a good breakfast is important, but not many people are changing their eating habits. In the USA, about 60% of people have their main meal in the evening. For most Japanese and Australians, the evening meal is the main meal of the day, too.
In Mexico, the main meal for many families is usually at 2:00 pm. In Switzerland, the main meal is also in the middle of the day.
Many nutritionist  say people should eat small, low-fat meals five or six times  a day. However, most people think that what you eat is more important than when you eat it. Eating healthy foods like vegetables, fish, and fresh fruit is a good way to enjoy a healthy life.
The question is: What's the main meal of the day for most Americans?
The possible answers are:
A:Breakfast
B:Lunch.
C:The afternoon tea.
D:dinner.Do you like Hunan TV shows ?What do you think of them ?
A popular TV show may have 70,000,000 TV viewers . A TV show can make something or someone well-known overnight . That's why more than 10,000,00 women and girl of 4-89 years old watch Hunan TV's "Super Girl" show.
These "game" shows put ordinary   people on TV to play a game for prize   and money .These game shows can make anyone a star , and he or she can also get lots of money , so many people watch the shows .
"Super Girl" is the first show of this kind in China. It's so close to you. Everyone can join in it .
For the show, many girls stop their classes. "They hope they can be superstars someday. But the best way to success  is to learn more and work hard," said some directors  .
The question is: People like watching "Super Girl" show, because   _   .
The possible answers are:
A:it can make some people well-known overnight
B:it can make people get lots of knowledge
C:people have nothing else to do
D:it's interestingThe Blacks are English . Now they are in Beijing . This is their first visit to China.
They are going to stay in China for three weeks . They want to learn some Chinese ,too.
He likes driving in Beijing very much .Mrs Blacks is a teacher .She often visits a middle school in Beijing ,and she likes to speak with students.
They take a lot of photos in China .When they are back to English ,They're going to show the photos to their friends. They want the English People to know more about China.
The question is: The Blacks are from  _
The possible answers are:
A:American
B:England
C:Australia
D:CanadaLife is like a train ride. We get on. We ride. We get off. We get back on and ride some more. There are accidents and there are delays .At certain stops, there are surprises. Some of these will change into great moments of joy; some will result in bad results.
When we are born and we first get on the train, we meet people who we think will be with us for the whole journey. Those people are our parents. Sadly, this is far from the truth. Our parents are with us when we completely need them. They, too, have journeys they must complete. We live on with the memories of their love, support and so on.
There are others who get on the train and who finally become very important to us. These people are our brothers, sisters and friends, whom we will learn to love and take care of.
Some people regard their journey as a pleasant tour. They will just go happily along. Others will _ many upsets, tears and losses on their journey. Some others will stay on to offer a helping hand to anyone in need.
Some people on the train will leave a deep impression  when they get off. Some will get on and get off the train so quickly that they will hardly leave a sign.
We will sometimes be upset that some passengers, whom we love, will choose to sit in another compartment  and leave us to travel on our own. Then again, there's nothing that says we can't look for them anyway. But when we find them, we may not even be able to sit next to them because that seat will already be taken.
That's okay... everyone's journey will be filled with hopes, dreams, challenges, difficulties and goodbyes.
The question is: Which of the following is NOT true?
The possible answers are:
A:Some people will just go on their journey happily all the way.
B:Parents are the people who will be with us for the whole journey.
C:Some surprises will become great moments of happiness in life.
D:Anyone that we love is very important to us on the journey of life.Welcome to the zoo
Opening time:                                     Price:
From Monday to Friday                             Adults:Y=20
8:30 a.m.--5:30 p.m.                              Childen:Y=10
On Saturday & Sunday
8:30 a.m.--6:00 p.m.
Location:Xiaohe Street, ChangchunDistrict ,Binhai City
.
The question is: On Tuesday,the zoo closes at  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:5: 30 p.m.
B:6:00 p.m.
C:6:30 a.m.
D:8: 30 a.m.He was surprised to see that the chicken was keeping up with him. Looking at his speedometer  , he found that he was doing 50 miles per hour (MPH).
Then he drove at 60 MPH, and the chicken stayed right next to him. He sped up to 75 MPH and _ still kept up.
The man then found that the chicken had three legs. Growing even more curious  , he followed the chicken down a road and into a farm. He got out of his car and saw that all the chickens around him had three legs.
He asked the farmer, "What's up with the three-legged chickens?"
The farmer said, "Well, whenever we have chicken for diner, everyone in the family fights over the legs, but there are only two. I have raised a kind of three-legged chicken. It's going to make me richer."
"How do they taste?" the man asked.
The farmer said, "Don't know yet, I haven't been able to catch one."
The question is: Why did the farmer raise the three-legged chicken?
The possible answers are:
A:Because he wanted to be rich so that he can buy many chicken legs.
B:Because his wife wants to have chicken legs every day.
C:Because everyone in his family fights over the legs while having chicken for dinner.
D:Because everyone in his family hasn't had chicken legs for a long time.Nowadays, many children spend hours a day looking at computer screens or other digital   products. Some eye care doctors say all the screen time has caused more children to have what they call computer vision syndrome  .
Nathan Warford is an optometrist in the US. He says he has seen more children having eye problems. "More children come into my office because their parents have noticed that they have headaches  or red eyes, or because their degree of short-sightedness appears to be increasing  very fast and they're worried," he said.
Dr. Warford says part of the problem is that even if their eyes start to feel uncomfortable or they start to get a headache, some children don't tell their parents, because they don't want their games or the computer to be taken away. Another part of the problem is that people blink   less often when they look at the screen.A person who uses a computer or a digital product blinks about a third as much as we normally  do in everyday life. If eyes can't stay wet or are too tired, they will not be protected like normal.
The question is: Why don't some children tell their parents when their eyes start to feel uncomfortable?
The possible answers are:
A:They think it is not serious.
B:They want to continue playing computer games.
C:They don't want their parents to worry.
D:Their parents don't care about them.Bicycles are very popular in China. In our country you can see bicycles almost everywhere. When you walk on the road, you will find a lot of people riding bicycles to school, shops and anywhere else. Therefore , China is known as "the kingdom of bicycles". In China, many families have one or two bicycles.
Compared(......) with cars, bicycles have many advantages. First, they are much cheaper than cars. Most Chinese can't afford cars, but they can afford bicycles. Second, bicycles are small enough to park anywhere, while cars need a larger piece of land to park. What's more, with lower speed, bicycles are safer than cars.
However, bicycles also bring some problems. Some riders don't obey the traffic rules and some riders don't think about others' safety. So they ride too fast. During rush hours, too many bicycles may cause traffic jams. _
The question is: What does the last sentence mean?
The possible answers are:
A:We should drive cars instead of riding bicycles.
B:It's too far to ride bicycles.
C:Bicycles are safe enough.
D:We still need to do much to solve the problem.The London Eye
The London Eye was opened on New Year's Eve in 1999 to celebrate the Millennium  . It is 135 meters high, and from the top you can see the whote London. On a clear day you can even see Windsor Castle, which is 40 kilometers away. The London Eye has 32 capsules  , each with room for 25 people. Each "trip" lasts 30 minutes. It moves quite slowly, at a speed of about 15 meters a minute, but it never stops. Passengers have to get on when it's moving.
OPENING TIME: Daily from 9 a.m. to 10 p.m. in summer and from 10 a.m. to 6 p.m. in winter.
TICKETS: Online or by phone. A limited number of tickets are available   in the day.From the Ticket Office in County Hall (the building next to the Eye), but go early because you often have to wait in a queue.
HOW TO GET THERE: 5 minutes' walk from Waterloo underground station.
Choose the best answers:
The question is: The opening time of the London Eye in summer is   _  that in the winter.
The possible answers are:
A:shorter than
B:the same as
C:as many as
D:longer thanThere was a man who had a little son. He loved him very much. Every day after work the man would come home and play with the little boy.
When the man came home from work one night, he found that he had some extra work to do. And he wasn't able to play with his little son. He wanted to give the boy something to keep him busy. So, looking around his study, he saw a magazine with a large map of the world on the cover. He got an idea. He patiently tore the map up into pieces. Then he led his son into the dining room and spread the pieces on the table. He explained to the boy that it was a map of the world. He told the boy to put it back together and they could play together when he finished. Surely this could keep the child busy for hours, he thought.
After about thirty minutes, the boy came to the man and said, "Okay, it's finished, Dad. Can we play now?"
The man was surprised, saying, "That's amazing! How did you do that?" The boy said, "It was easy. On the back of the page was a picture of a man. When I put the man together, the whole world appeared completely."
The question is: Why couldn't the man play with his son that night?
The possible answers are:
A:He had to read a magazine.
B:He had some extra work to do.
C:He had to learn something about a map.
D:He had to stay at his office for extra work.Do you want to be a basketball player like Kobe Bryant , Shaquille O'Neal or Yao Ming ? Come to join us ! We have many sports clubs : basketball , ping-pong , soccer , volleyball , and more . The price is 5 dollars for each lesson .
Do you want to join our sports clubs ? Please call Mr. Green . He plays basketball very well . His telephone number is 371-1236 . His e-mail address is spcb@163.com . Or you can call Miss Jones at 371-1237 . She is our tennis coach . She is good with the students . Her e-mail address is jiayi@126.com .
The question is: From the passage , we know Kobe Bryant and Shaquille O'Neal are   _   players .
The possible answers are:
A:volleyball
B:tennis
C:basketball
D:ping-pongThere are four seasons in a year in China. February, March, and April make the spring season. .May, June and July make the summer season. August, September and October make the autumn season.. November, December and January make the winter season..
Near the North Pole there are only two seasons. They are winter and summer. The nights in winter are very long. For more than two months you can't see the sun, even at noon. In summer the days are long. For more than two months the sun never sets, and there is no night.
In the tropics  there are also two seasons: a rainy season and a dry season.
The question is: Autumn in China  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:cool
B:lasts from September to November
C:is hot
D:the days are less than two monthsWhen I was young, my family got our first computer. As years went by, I wanted to get a new one, and my father agreed. We went to many stores and looked at many flyers  . At last we bought an HP computer.
During the first week, I noticed that our computer had some problems. I tried to fix it, but failed. Finally I had to phone the HP company. After five hours' hard work, the computer still did not work. My dad didn't have a choice but to return the whole thing.
A few days later, we decided that I should go on the internet and order some parts to build a new computer by myself.
It was not an easy thing for me to deal with it, but in the end I finished. From these setbacks  , I have learned, and now believe if the computer that I bought from the store didn't have problems, then I would not learn how to build a new one. Even though I spent lots of time on it, I know it wasn't a waste of time.
I now have a self-built computer, and I am very pleased.
The question is: Which of the following is true according to this passage?
The possible answers are:
A:The HP computer was very cheap.
B:The writer built a new computer by himself at last.
C:The HP company managed to mend the computer at last.
D:Dad didn't like the newly-built computer at all.An experienced teacher is offering private lessons in English.
Please email me at the address below and tell me:
*Your age
*Reasons for learning English
*Your level of English
*Areas that you need to focus on - grammar, listening, speaking, reading, writing, etc.
Mrs. Daniels( daniels _ m@mail.com)
From: Li _ Hua@gmail.com
To: daniels _ m@mail.com
CC...:
Subject: English Lessons
Dear Mrs. Daniels,
I recently saw your advertisement on the university website offering private English lessons. I'm very interested in your private lessons and would like some more information.
I am a student at Aston College here in Hong Kong studying English, so my language level is already quite good.
However, I feel that I need to improve my listening and speaking skills. This is because I'm planning to study at London University in England next year and I think your lessons will help me to live and study abroad.
Could you send me some more information about the lessons offered, such as where and when they will be held and how much they cost? Also, I would like to know whether you teach students in groups or one-on-one.
I would be glad to supply any further information you might need.
Regards,
Li Hua
The question is: Why did Li Hua write the email?
The possible answers are:
A:To make friends with Mrs. Daniels
B:To apply to study at London University
C:To get more information about Mrs. Daniels' lessons
D:To find out more information about Aston CollegeIn the UK, most children have their lunches at school, but in some schools, parents can choose what their children eat. The children can have a school dinner-a hot, cooked meal; or they can take a packed  lunch with them, which usually includes cold food like sandwiches.
Often parents know what their children want. Cath, a mother of three children, told us, "My children have packed lunches because they say they don't like to have school dinners. So I make three packed lunches every morning."
However, another mother, Susan, made a different choice. She said, "My daughters have a always had school dinners. I think they probably get healthier food at school than a few sandwiches I make for them."
But how healthy are school dinners? Kaz, a father, thought poorly of them. He said, "Fizzy  drinks were offered and I think there were a lot of chips."
Jamie Oliver spent a year working in a school kitchen. He was worried about the unhealthy food which included burgers, pizzas and chips. So he tried to cook healthy food such as good stews and curries for the children instead.
So Jamie improved the school dinners, and trained the dinner ladies to cook healthy food in that school. Then he advised the government to improve school food across the country. And it seems that the changes have begun.
Anna, a pupil, told us, "We used to have a fast food window where you got chips and coke, but they stopped that this year. There's a salad restaurant, which is good, so it's healthier than it was."
,.
The question is: How many meals do most children in the UK have at school?
The possible answers are:
A:One
B:Two
C:Three
D:FourA strong earthquake has hit the town of Galta 200 kilometres north of Madras. The earthquake hit the town at 7:15 yesterday evening. The earthquake measured  7.2 on the Richter scale , the strongest for five years.
The earthquake happened as most people were having their evening meal at home. There were very few people outside in the streets. Buildings fell down and many fires started. The electricity and water were cut off.
As it was dark, the emergency services had a lot of problems. There was no electricity for lights, and there was no water to put out the fires. Early this morning, planes flew over the town to see the damage.
The emergency services are now trying to reach the town. The nearest airport is at Bandel, about 100 kilometers away. The railway station at Galta is closed, because four bridges fell down in the earth. The nearest train station is 32 kilometres away at Solan. We shall have more reports for you during the day.
The question is: How far is the nearest airport from the town?
The possible answers are:
A:About 100 kilometers away.
B:32 kilometres away.
C:About 72 kilometers away.
D:200 kilometres north of Madras.One Saturday, Bob decides to take a drive through the countryside. After a few hours, he sees a dog walking behind a man on the side of the road. As the car comes near them, the dog jumps into the road. Of course, the car hits the poor animal and kills it.
Bob stops his car and walks up to the man. "I'm very sorry," he says. "Is there anything I can do? Will $10 help?"
"Oh, but...," says the man.
"I should tell you..."
"Stop! You're right. Maybe $10 isn't enough! That dog was your best friend!"
Bob then takes $30 out of his pocket and gives it to the man. Then he thanks the man and drives away.
After Bob leaves, the man looks down at the dog and says: "I wonder whose dog that is."
The question is: How does Bob go through the countryside?
The possible answers are:
A:Takes a bus.
B:Drives a car.
C:Drives a bus
D:On footA 90-year-old tortoise   is going twice its usual speed after being equipped   with a set of wheels. The animal, called Mrs T, was facing a terrible future after losing her two front legs in a mouse attack while she was sleeping in winter, but her owners glued the wheels onto her shell  .
"She's going double the speed she used to," said the owner Jude Ryder, "She uses her back legs to push herself along and seems quite happy."
The 58-year-old owner was surprised when she went to check on her loved pet last month and found her front legs had been eaten in the mouse attack. The local animal doctor tried his best to save Mrs T. But he was afraid that the tortoise would not survive without being mobile. After paying PS1,000 for the treatment, Mrs Ryder turned to her son Dale for help. Dale designed the front wheels and used resin   to add them to the front of the shell. Mrs Ryder said: "She liked them immediately, but she must learn how to turn and stop. She can get a good speed up, much faster than before. Mrs T is still quite young for a tortoise. She could go on for another 50 years. All she needs is a new set of tyres   sometimes."
When Mrs T was sixty years old, she was bought as a pet for Dale, an 8-year-old boy. It liked running happily in Mrs Ryder's garden in spring and summer. When winter came, Mrs T slept in the garden shelter. A mouse got in last month and chewed   off both her front legs. Mrs Ryder said: "We were afraid she would be sure to die, but her new set of wheels have saved her life. She can run in the garden again and we can always find her because she leaves very strange footprints behind wherever she goes."
Mice attacking tortoises is not uncommon around us--in 2013 Britain's oldest tortoise died after a mouse attack. The tortoise called Thomas was 130 when he was bitten at his home in Guernsey. He spent five days on strong antibiotics  , but the wound became so infected   that his owner had no choice but to have him put to sleep.
The question is: According to the passage, Mrs Ryder's son is about  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:8 years old
B:28 years old
C:38 years old
D:58 years oldJack is an 11-year-old boy. One day he was playing with a ball. The ball went into the street, and Jack ran for the ball. A car hit him.
Jack's parents took him to the hospital. The doctors told them, "Jack's head is hurt. Maybe he will wake up very soon. Maybe he will never wake up."
Every day Jack's parents went to see him and talked to him. But Jack never talked to them. He just slept.
One day Jack's father said, "Wake up, Jack. Let's go home and play with Cody." Cody is Jack's dog. When Jack's father said "Cody", Jack moved his arm. Then Jack's parents had an idea. They told the nurse, "We want to bring Jack's dog to the hospital. Is it OK?" "A dog in the hospital?" the nurse said. "That's very unusual. But. yes, it's OK."
The next day, Jack's parents brought Cody to the hospital. When they put the dog on Jack's bed, Jack opened his eyes. Jack's parents brought Cody to the hospital every day. Cody jumped on Jack's bed and touched Jack's arm. Jack said his first words, "Bad dog!"
After seven weeks Jack was well. He left the hospital and went home with Cody.
The question is: What happened to Jack one day?
The possible answers are:
A:He felt ill.
B:A car hit him.
C:His ball was missing.
D:He hit a dogDNA is the whole "map" of the human body. It is something that all humans have, and it tells the body what to do. DNA is the reason that we look like our parents, because we get some of their DNA to make our own.
People have been trying to understand the human body for a long time. In 1860, Mr. Mendel discovered why we look the same as other people in our family. It is because of small things called "genes" in our body. In 1953, two scientists, Watson and Crick, found out that genes are really messages. They're written in the DNA with a special language.
In 1961, another two scientists found the first "word" that they could understand in that language. It shows how DNA tells the cell  to build its parts. So far, scientists have found all the words in the DNA map, but we still don't understand what they all do. By understanding what just one "word" means, we can help to save people from several illnesses. So the more we understand, the more doctors will be able to do.
Most people hope that this will help to make better medicine and help sick people. Other people worry that when we learn more "words" and find out more information, we will use it in the wrong way. Just to make people more attractive  , or stop sick people getting jobs.
The question is: How can we help sick people if we understand more "words" in the DNA map?
The possible answers are:
A:Make better medicine.
B:Make them get jobs.
C:Make maps for them.
D:Make them attractive.There are forty-eight students in our class. There are twenty-three boys and twenty-five girls. Some students live near the school, and some others live very far from the school. About half of the students come to school by bike . They often get to school at a quarter to seven. About ten students often come to school by bus. They often go to school very early, too. Another ten students come to school on foot. Their homes are near the school, but they are often late for school, because they get up very late.
The question is: Some students are often late for school because  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:their homes are far from the school
B:they go to school on foot
C:they get up very late
D:they don't like going to schoolA sunflower is a sunflower. A mobile phone is a mobile phone. But can you combine the two to do something for your local environment? As early as next year it may well be possible. When you have finished with your mobile phone you will be able to bury   it in the garden and wait for it to flower . A biodegradable   mobile phone was, this month, introduced by scientists. It is hoped that the new type of phone will encourage users to recycle. Scientists have come up with a new material over the last five years. It looks like any other plastic and can be hard or soft, and able to change shape. Overtime it can also break down into the soil without giving out any poisonous chemicals. British researchers used the new material to develop a phone cover that includes a sunflower seed .When this new type of cover turns into waste, it forms nitrates  . These feed the seed and help the flower grow. Engineers have designed a small transparent   window to hold the seed. They have made sure it only grows when the phone is thrown away. "We've only put sunflower seeds into the cover so far. But we are working with scientists to find out which flowers would perform best. Maybe we could put roses in next time." said one scientist.
As phone technology is developing so quickly, people are constantly throwing their mobiles away. This means producers are under pressure to find ways of recycling them. Some 650 million mobile phones have been sold this year. Most of them will be thrown away within two years, adding plastic, heavy metal and chemical waste to the environment. A biodegradable cover can change this, according to the scientists.
,A, B, C, D,. (10)
The question is: We can guess from the story   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:the new type of mobile phones is already on the market
B:the new type of mobile phones will sell very well
C:recycling mobile phones is not useful to the environment
D:other flowers may be used in the new type of mobile phonesThe judge  thought Geoffrey Payne killed his wife. Now for the first time Payne wrote to a magazine from the prison about what happened on the night of 13 October 1999.
I had to stay late at the hospital that night to do an operation. I finally left at about 11p.m.. I drove home slowly because the wind was blowing and it was raining heavily. I was running into our road when a man suddenly ran in front of my car. I almost hit him but I stopped just in time. I was scared and the man looked scared, too. I got out of the car but he ran away before I could ask if he was all right. It was very strange.
When I got home, the lights were on but it was very quiet. I called to my wife but there was no answer. Then I remembered that she was out at a concert.
I was still very unhappy about what happened on the road, so I made myself a drink. Then I went upstairs to have a bath. I saw that the window in the bedroom was open. This was strange because my wife always locked the doors and windows before she went out. She was afraid of burglars. When I went to close it, I found Ellen. She was lying on the floor. There was blood everywhere. I rushed over for her pulse but she was dead. I was so scared. I sat on the floor beside her body without knowing what to do.
The next thing I knew was that the sky was getting light. I can't remember a thing about that night. In the morning I phoned the police. They arrived half an hour after I phoned them. But it seemed like hours. During that time I tried hard to remember anything I could about the night before. I couldn't stop thinking about the man in the road. What was he doing at that time of night in our quiet neighborhood?
The question is: In this passage Payne tried to  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:show he was sorry for his wife's death
B:show he was guilty for murdering his wife
C:tell why his wife was killed that night
D:say the man in the road was probably the murdererNews Review
APEC Blue   People in Beijing got the saying after the APEC meeting in Beijing. It refers to  the clear blue sky during the meeting. To get such a blue sky, many factories in Beijing and nearby cities stopped work, and the number of cars on the road was cut.
A Warning Ticket   A 24-year-old woman in Nanjing was given a warning ticket for eating food on the subway. Eating is not allowed on Nanjing subway. Up to now, 2,698 people have been punished  because of their eating, smoking or selling goods on the subway.
A Teacher-free Exam    Recently, students at Ningbo Huamao Foreign Language School in Zhejiang took their mid-term exam -a teacher-free exam. After handing out the exam papers, the teachers left the classroom, leaving the students to take the exam without being watched. They only came back to collect the papers at the end.
A Tomato Fight    Do you want a tomato shower? Come to the "tomato fight" in Spain! Once every year, people in the town of Bunol throw tomatoes at each other. Don't worry. It's not a real fight. People do this only for fun.
The question is: A 24-year-old woman in Nanjing was given a warning ticket for   _   on the subway.
The possible answers are:
A:drinking
B:smoking
C:eating food
D:selling goodsModern Chinese use the solar calendar as English people do . But at the same time, they use their own lunar calendar. Each lunar year is given the name of one of these animals : the rat , the ox , the tiger , the hare , the dragon , the snake , the horse , the goat , the monkey , the chicken , the dog and the pig . This list lasts for 12 years and then starts again.
Each Chinese month starts on the day of the new moon. And the full moon comes on the 15th day of the month. The New Year always starts between January 21 and February 20. On the last day of the lunar year, there is a big family dinner. All members of the family except married daughters try to be present at this meal, even if they have to travel many miles to reach the home of their parents. Old quarrels are forgotten, and everybody is happy. After the dinner, the children keep awake to welcome the New Year.
The New Year celebrations last for 15 days, from the new moon to the full moon. On the first day, children and unmarried people go to visit their elder
The question is: The family usually have their big family dinner at the home of   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:the unmarried son
B:the unmarried daughter
C:the married daughter
D:the parentsLu Han was born in Beijing in April 20, 1990, who is a singer and dancer. Because of his outstanding appearance, he was discovered by SM Entertainment Company while shopping in Myeong Dong in South Korea. In 2010 he entered the SM Company to become its practice. On December 27, 2011 he first appeared through the EXO website. On April 8, 2012 he appeared to the public officially in the group of EXO. The EXO is one of the most pop music groups in Asia. His handsome looking, stage strength in singing and dancing, excellent personal charm won many fans'love. He was the only one of the EXO who was good both at singing and dancing. In his spare time, he likes playing magic cube and also does well in football and basketball. On 10th October, 2014, he _ the agreement  with SM and then went back to China. Now the 24-year-old young man had his first try at acting. He started in the Chinese movie Returning to the 20s. In the movie, a 70-year-old woman becomes back to 20 again and plays in a band with her grandson. Lu Han played the role of the grandson. Another good news for the fans is that he is said to be invited to the Spring Festival Gala for 2015.
The question is: Where did Lu Han use to work as a singer?
The possible answers are:
A:In America.
B:In UK.
C:In Japan.
D:In Korea.Mr. Black works on a big farm. His wife Mrs. Black works in a school Mr. Black is nearsighted. But he doesn't like wearing glasses when he has meals. Mr. Black has a son. His name is Tony. He is in Class One, Grade Eight of No.2middle School. He likes talking very much. He often talks about his school and his friends at table. Mr. Black is angry, he always shouts, "Don't talk when you have meals." And Mrs. Black also says to him, "Be a good boy, Tony."
One day, when they are having supper, Tony finds there is a fly in his father's bowl. Then he wants to tell his father about it,"Dad, there is ..." His father looks at him and says,"Stop talking!" After supper, his father asks him , "Well , my boy, what is it?" "There is a fly in your bowl, and it is in your stomach now."says Tony."Why don't you tell me earlier?" shouts his father angrily.
The question is: Mr. Li eats a  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:bird
B:fly
C:fish
D:dogBeckham in a Football Movie
Do you like football? You must know David Beckham. But do you know that he will be in a movie? He will be David Beckham in the movie Goal.
Beckham said, "I want to teach kids how to play football when I finally _ ." "I believe that Goal will send a _ message to kids around the world."
Beckham, 29, said, "I think that Goal will make football more popular in America and Asia. I am very happy because I can help do it," he said.
The question is: What's Beckham's first name?
The possible answers are:
A:David.
B:Beckham.
C:Goal.
D:We don't know.Swimming and English Learning
Can you swim? Do you like swimming? Yes? Well, how can you learn to swim? I think the best way is to go into the water and learn. I'm afraid you'll never learn to swim just by reading books about swimming or looking at others swimming. It's the same with the English study. We must practice, practice and practice.
Listening and speaking are very important for beginners. The children in English-speaking countries first listen to others. Then they try to imitate and speak. We can listen to English programs on radio. You may just understand a few words. It doesn't matter. Just be relaxed, try to catch every word.
Somebody may be a good listener. But he dare not speak. He's afraid of making mistakes. You know we sometimes make mistakes when we speak Chinese. Don't be afraid. We must be brave. If you really want to learn English well, you must try to speak with everyone so long as he knows English. Whether you know him or not is not important when there's nobody to talk with, you can talk to yourself in English. It's interesting and also a good way to practice your spoken English. Remember, the more you speak, the fewer mistakes you'll make.
Reading and writing are more important for senior school students. First we must choose the books we're interested in. A lot of reading will improve your language sense. This is the most important.
Keep writing English diaries. We can also write English articles. You may even post them to English magazines. Don't be afraid of failure. Failure is the mother of success.
Easier said than done. Well, let's do more practice from now on. I'm sure you'll learn English well in this way.
The question is: We should learn English by   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:listening and speaking
B:reading and writing
C:A and B
D:swimmingWhen US student Olivia Priedeman, 17, woke up one morning, she thought she had had a dream about making plans with a friend.
But it wasn't a dream. Her phone showed that during the night, Priedeman had read a text message from her friend. She did it while she was fast asleep.
Reading and sending text messages while asleep--called "sleep texting"--is an unusual sleep behaviour, similar to sleepwalking. It's also a growing concern  among doctors: young people can't live without their cell phones.
One in three teenagers sends more than 100 text messages a day, according to the Pew Internet & American Life Project. And at least four out of five teenagers said they sleep with their phone on or near their bed.
Elizabeth Dowdell, a professor at Villanova University in Pennsylvania, has studied sleeping texting. She said that having a phone nearby all night is a big part of the problem.
Andrew Stiehm, a sleep medicine expert with Allina Health in Minnesota, agrees. It's possible for the part of the brain that controls motor skills   to wake up, while the part of the brain that controls memory and judgment  may be still asleep. That's why some people can perform basic movements ---such as walking, talking, texting or even driving--while they're sleeping. Some of Dowdell's students said that they're disturbed by their nighttime texting behavior. But because sleep texting is _ , it's a difficult habit to break. Dowdell said she knows of some students who wear socks on their hands to keep themselves from texting.
Marjorie Hogan, a doctor at Hennepin County Medical Center in Minneapolis, Minnesota, suggests keeping all electronic devices  outside the bedroom at certain times.
The question is: Which part the brain controls keeps awake while asleep?
The possible answers are:
A:judgment
B:language
C:memory
D:motor skillsChen Jie, 14, from Ningbo, Zhejiang is a lucky girl. She got 3600 yuan as gift money this Spring Festival. However, her grandmother took away all the money and put it in a bank account.
Many students experienced the same thing as Chen. They got their gift money, only to immediately have it taken away.
Xiong Shengyue, 14, from Nanjing, doesn't agree with the practice. "I think the money should be the children's, " she said. " We should take care of it by ourselves."
It is not that simple, said Chu Chaohui, a researcher at national Institute of Education Sciences.
Giving gift money is used to show social status  and develop relationships, he told Beijing Legal Evening News. Gift money has lost its traditional meaning of good will and has "little to do with the children". What's more, children don't earn the money through work. So he thought that parents should still play a big part in dealing with the money.
But Yan Honglan, a mother of a 14-year-old boy in Beijing, has let her son be responsible  for his gift money since the age of 8. "I want to develop his financial  skills, ' Yan said.
She also added:"No matter how you deal with the money, the most important thing is to make the children feel they're respected  and trusted.
Chen supported Yan's idea. She said that though she knew her grandmother wouldn't waste her gift money, she would feel happier if she could at least know how the money is spent.
"It would make me feel a little bit more grown-up," she said.
The question is: Chu Chaohui thought the gift money should be dealed with by   _
The possible answers are:
A:children
B:grandmother
C:parents
D:friendsA young woman was driving through the country far away from the town. It was dark and raining. Suddenly she saw an old woman by the side of the road, holding her hand out as if   she wanted a lift.
"I can't leave her out in this weather," the woman said to herself, so she stopped the car and opened the door.
"Do you want a lift?" she asked. The old woman nodded   and climbed into the car. After a while, she said to the old woman, "Have you been waiting for a long time?" The old woman moved her head from side to side. "Strange," thought the young woman. She tried again. "Bad weather for the time of year," she said. The old woman nodded. No matter what the young woman said, the hitchhiker   gave no answer except for a nod of the head.
Then the young woman noticed the hitchhiker's hands, which were large and hairy. Suddenly she realized the hitchhiker was in fact a man! She stopped the car. "There is something wrong with the car," she said, "Would you mind getting off and helping me?" The hitchhiker nodded and opened the door. As soon as the hitchhiker was out of the car, the frightened young woman raced off.
When she got to the next village she stopped her car. She noticed that the hitchhiker had left his handbag behind. She picked it up and opened it. To her surprise, there was a gun   inside the bag.
The question is: The word "lift" in the passage means   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:an act of raising something
B:a ride in the car
C:an offer of cleaning cars
D:something run by electricityWhen travelling.you are sure to try some exciting new kinds of food.The Wild Food Festival,in the town of Hokitika,the west of Coast of New Zealand,gives you the chance to try some strange food.It is a celebration of the areas special lifestyle and food.And it celebrates food that most people might not want to eat.It is held in March every year.
At the festival you will find huhu grubs and beetles on your plate.The festival also celebrates Maori food. the food of the traditional native people of New Nealand And visitors will eat the wild food with plenty of famous West Coast beer.What's more,there are three stages at the festival,where there is live music and entertainment an day long.
If you have the chance to travel to Hokitita during the Wild Food Festival,you should book a hotel before it begins.or you can choose to stay at local schools.A number of local schools become camping grounds over the weekend of the festival.You can also stay in Greymouth,because there are buses from Greymouth to the festival.
The question is: Which place can't you stay during the festival?
The possible answers are:
A:A hotel
B:Local schools
C:In Greymouth
D:An exciting place.It was lunch time. Mike was in the garden with Linda. Suddenly, two aliens   arrived! "Wow! Aliens!" They were so excited that they _ loudly.
"Hello, friends!" The two aliens came out from a small flying machine.
"Hi! Come and have lunch with us." Mike said.
"Do you like earth food?" Linda asked.
"We don't know. Let's have a try," the aliens said.
"What's this? Is it a phone?" the tall alien asked.
"No, it's a banana," Mike said.
The tall alien took a bite  , "Yuke! I don't like bananas."
"What's this? Is it a ball?" the short alien asked.
"No, it's an egg," Linda said.
The tall alien took a bite, "Yuke! I don't like eggs."
"What's this? Is it a hat?" the tall alien asked.
"No, it's a lunchbox!" Mike said.
The tall alien took a bite, "Yum! I like lunchboxes!"
The question is: Where were Mike and Linda?
The possible answers are:
A:In the garden.
B:In the park.
C:In the zoo.
D:On the playground.Look at this photo!  It is a photo of Sam' s family and Jack' s family. They are at Jack' s home. They have a party there.
Sam and Jack are good friends. Jack and his family will go on a round-the-world journey . They will start  from their home in America, and they will go to Japan, China,  India,  Australia,  Egypt, England, etc. Jack and his family have the party to say goodbye to their friends.
Jack' s son Nick is only 8. Sam's son, William, is Nick's good friend. He can't see Nick for a long time. He gives Nick a nice pen. He says it can help Nick remember  good things on their journey
.
The question is: William and Nick are  _  *
The possible answers are:
A:brothers
B:friends
C:classmates
D:cousinsI'm Larry. I'm really good at selling things. I also love helping people. But I'm not so good at solving  problems. I think I'd like to be a salesman or detective .
I'm Anita. I really like doing things with my hands. I also enjoy working with wood. I don't enjoy working in the same place every day, and I hate being in noisy places. I think I'd like to be a factory worker or a carpenter . 
I'm Jill. I'm good at explaining things and I really like children. I can't stand working long hours. I think I'd like to be a doctor or a teacher.
I'm Maria. I'm really interested in meeting people, and I enjoy wearing different clothes every day. I'm not so good at organizing  my time and I can't stand computers. I am going to be a model.
I'm Jim. I enjoy helping people, but I can't stand working nights and weekends. I want to be a nurse or a social worker.
The question is: _  wants to be a teacher or a doctor.
The possible answers are:
A:Anita
B:Jill
C:Maria
D:JimLast weekend three students went to London, and they visited many places. Did they enjoy the trip?Let's listen to them.
"It was a fine day. I went to London with my friends Emily and James. We visited many places. The guide was very kind and funny. I really had a great time in London!"David said.
"The train was so fast. It only took us half an hour. I read many books about London. When I saw it with my eyes today, I felt so excited!I took many photos. And I also bought some gifts for my sister. "Emily said.
"We went to the science museum. All kinds of model robots are my favourites. I learned a lot about robots. The food in London was kind of expensive, but very delicious. All in all, it was a great trip." James said.
The question is: How was the weather that day?
The possible answers are:
A:Windy.
B:Cloudy.
C:Sunny.
D:Snowy.A hobby is not a job or a school subject. A hobby is something you enjoy doing in your spare time. It's not something you need to do. It's just fun. Some people make model ships, keep pets, plant flowers, play computer games or chat on the Internet. Some paint pictures or dance to music. Some collect everything from stamps to seashells  ... People take up hobbies because they think these activities can bring them many things like happiness, friendship and knowledge. Anyone, rich or poor, old or young, sick or well, can have a hobby. A hobby will make your life colorful.
,.
The question is: What is a hobby?
The possible answers are:
A:A job.
B:A school subject.
C:Something interesting.
D:Something you enjoy doing in your spare time.A TV series in England,Away from it all,has surprised everyone by becoming a success with young people across the country. Its success is surprising because the series is about the relaxing lifestyles of people who live in the country. There is none of the action that we usually see on TV today. There are also no stressful moments, busy offices or crowded cities. Away from it all is set in the peaceful English countryside and tells simple stories about people's kindness.
The director of the TV series says that its success is a sign of teenagers suffering from stress. They say that watching Away from it all helps teenagers forget about the pressures of exams and homework, and the troubles that fill the world today. They also say that it's a good sign of today's young people turning to happier TV series as it shows they want a happier and healthier world.
Although the series' success might have a good side, many teachers and parents are worried, however. They say that some of their students and children spend more time before TV and are using Away from it all as an excuse for not finishing homework. Some children have even refused to learn for exams because they say that they can only get personal happiness by avoiding stressful situations.
And what do the experts say? Paula Ray, a doctor of education, says that TV can influence children's lifestyles. But she says that if a child reacts strongly, it' s likely that there are other reasons for his change in behaviour. She says that there is nothing wrong with watching Away from it all but suggests that parents should let their children know TV is not the same as real life.
The question is: The success of the new TV series is surprising because  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:it is different from other successful TV series
B:it is the same as other successful TV series
C:it is about the English countryside
D:it is about life in busy citiesDuring the day we work and play; at night we sleep. Our bodies rest while we sleep. In the morning we are ready to work and play again. While we are asleep our bodies grow most. Children usually need more sleep. We can get our lessons better and we feel better too, when we have plenty of rest. Boys and girls need ten hours of sleep every night when they are eight or nine years old. Our bodies need lots of air when we sleep. If we do not get enough fresh air we'll feel tired when we wake up. While in bed we must not cover our heads. If we do, our lungs will not get enough fresh air. If we open our windows at night we can have plenty of fresh air. Cool air is better then warm air. Boys and girls must get enough sleep if they want to grow and be strong.
The question is: Our bodies grow most while we are  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:eating
B:playing
C:sleeping
D:wakingPeter is an American boy from New York. He is tall and he has a good look. He has a big nose and big blue eyes. His hair is brown. He is in a red T-shirt, white pants and blue shoes. He is very cool. He likes basketball , too. He knows NBA stars. He says ,"Yao Ming is cool!"We are good friends.
The question is: Who is Yao Ming?
The possible answers are:
A:He is Peter's friend.
B:He is a teacher.
C:He is a NBA star.
D:He is a student.Something caught my eyes when I was walking down the street. Two silver coins were shining in a melting  snow bank, so I dug  through the snow looking for more. Of course, I just ended up with really cold hands. I slipped the two coins into my pocket and went home, colder but richer. I began to think about how to spend the money...
Two days later, Mary and her little sister were searching the snow banks. "Finders are keepers" was my first thought. I didn't want to hand them out even though Susy was already crying. " I dropped them right here," she said between tears. Her hands were cold and red for digging in the snow. Maybe they slid down the street with the melting snow. Let's dig over here." Mary's voice sounded confident.
"They'll never know" was my second thought, and I walked past them. " Phil, have you seen
two sliver coins?" asked Mary. Susy looked up from digging. _ .
"Tell a lie" was my third thought. "As a matter of fact," I hesitated ,"I dug two coins out of that snow bank just a few days ago. I wondered who might have lost them." Susy hugged me with a big smile, "Oh, thank you, thank you."
The question is: What might Phil do with the two coins in the end?
The possible answers are:
A:He would give them back to Susy.
B:He would give them away.
C:He might keep them for himself.
D:He might give them to his parents.Rico is a dog who lives in Germany . His owners trained him from a young age to find his toys. When they say the name of a certain toy, Rico can find it. In fact, he seems to know the names of 200 toys!
Some researchers in Germany wanted to test Rico. They put his toys in a room and then told him to go in the room and find a certain toy. Since nobody was in the room with Rico, he had no help from anyone finding the right toy. The researchers did this test forty times. Rico found the right toy thirty-seven times!
Then the researchers tried something else. They put seven of Rico's toys in the room together with one new toy that Rico had never seen before. Then they told Rico to go into the room and get the new toy. This new toy had a name Rico had never heard before. Rico found the right toy seven out of ten times!
Researchers cannot really say that Rico knows words or language. However, these tests seem to show that Rico can think about what he hears and think about what he knows. In fact, Rico seems to think and remember things as well as a three-year-old child.
From these tests, animal researchers know one thing for sure. Rico has given them a lot to think about.
The question is: Rico went into the room   _   times to find a new toy he did not know.
The possible answers are:
A:seven
B:thirty-seven
C:ten
D:fortyAround twenty years ago I was living in Seattle and going through hard times. I could not find a satisfying job and I found this especially difficult as I had a lot of experience and a Master's degree.
To my shame I was driving a school bus to make ends meet and living with friends. I had been through five interviews with a company and one day between bus runs they called to say I did not get the job.
Later that afternoon, while doing my rounds through a quiet neighborhood I had an internal(inside)wave--like a scream --come up from deep inside me and I thought "Why has my life become so hard?"...
Immediately after this internal scream I pulled the bus over to drop off a little girl and as she passed she handed me an earring saying I should keep it in case somebody looked for it. The earring was stamped with words "BE HAPPY".
At first I got angry. Then it hit me. I had been putting all of my energies into what was wrong with my life rather than what was right! I decided then and there to make a list of 50 things I was thankful to.
At first _ was hard, then it got easier. One day I decided to up it to 75. That night there was a phone call for me, asking if I would do a one-day training for 200 hospital workers. I said yes and got the job.
My day with the hospital workers went very well. I got a standing welcome and many more days of work. To this day I KNOW that it was because I changed my attitude to _ .
By chance, the day after I found the earring the girl asked me if anyone had looked for it. I told her no and she said "I guess it was meant for you then."
I spent the next year doing training workshops all around the Seattle area and then decided to risk everything and go back to Scotland where I had lived before. I closed my one man business and bought a plane ticket. One month later I met my wonderful English wife and best friend of 15 years now. We live in a small beautiful house in Scotland.
"THE ONLY ATTITUDE IS GRATITUDE" has been my motto  for years now and yes, it completely changed my life.
The question is: Which of the following is NOT TRUE according to the passage.?
The possible answers are:
A:The writer made a list of 75 things he was thankful to.
B:The writer's wife has been his best friend for 15 years.
C:The writer has lived in Seattle since 20 years ago.
D:The writer did the training for 200 hospital workers.This August, we'll welcome guests from all over the world. Some of them follow their own special cultural traditions. It's important for us to know about them.
*In many countries, such as Thailand, India and Malaysia, people believe that the left hand is unclean. So, it's not proper to use one's left hand to hold food, touch others or pass objects, Doing so may _ certain guests.
*Some Westerners may be offended if you touch them or their personal things-even by accident. If this happens, say sorry politely.
*Some elderly Westerners may be offended if you try to help them without their agreement.
*People think numbers can be lucky or unlucky. Some Westerners avoid the number 13 because they believe it is unlucky.
*Muslims do not eat pork, and words like pigs are not considered proper.
*People from Brazil, Italy and Pakistan do not give handkerchiefs as gifts. They believe a handkerchief is closely connected with unhappy feelings.
*Wine is not sent as a gift in many parts of western and middle Asia, where most Muslims live.
The question is: What does the passage mainly talk about?
The possible answers are:
A:Lucky numbers.
B:Traditional food.
C:Culture differences.
D:Hands and handkerchiefs.Alice was twenty-three years old, and she was a nurse at a big hospital . She was very kind and all of her patients   likes her very much .
One day she was out shopping. She saw an old woman. The woman was waiting to cross   a busy street . Alice wanted to cross the street, too. So she went over to help the woman cross the street. When Alice was near her, she suddenly laughed  and said, " Mrs Green ! You were my patient in the hospital last year."
Mrs Green was very happy to see her.
"I will help you cross the street, Mrs Green," Alice said.
"Oh, thank you very much , Alice , " Mrs Green said and stepped   forward  . "No, no, Mrs Green," Alice said quickly . "Wait! The light is still red."
"Oh," Mrs Green answered when she stepped back. "I can easily cross the street by myself   when the light is green ."
The question is: When did Mrs Green want to cross the street?
The possible answers are:
A:When the light was green.
B:When the light was on.
C:When the light was off.
D:When the light was red.This dictionary tells you about English words and how to use them in reading, writing and speaking English. It not only gives the meaning of words, it can also help you with spelling, word building, grammar and pronunciation.
To use your dictionary correctly, you need to understand how the dictionary works. At the front of the book, you will find some exercises to help you make the most use of your dictionary.
If you look up the word "colour", you will find two spellings for this word. "Colour" is used in British English, while "color" is used in American English. When such a thing happens, the dictionary shows it with the word "BrE" for British English and "AmE" for American English.
The dictionary also helps you pronounce words correctly. It uses a special alphabet   to show pronunciation. If you turn to the inside back face, you will see all the phonetic letters   with some words to show you how they are pronounced. Just have a look at this page when you're not sure how to say a word.
The most important reason for using a dictionary is to find out the meaning of a word--its _ .
In this dictionary, the definitions have been written using only 2000 words. This means that the definitions of even the most difficult words are simply explained and easy to understand.
The question is: According to the passage, "neighbor" is used in   _   English.
The possible answers are:
A:Australian
B:Canadian
C:American
D:BritishThis is a story about a boy called Sparky. For Sparky, school was all but impossible. He failed every subject in the eighth grade. He got a zero in physics. It made him the worst physics student in the school's history. He didn't do much better in sports. Although he tried to join the school's golf team, he quickly lost the only important match.
He didn't have friends, either. Other kids didn't care about him. If a classmate said "Hello" to Sparky outside of school, he would feel very surprised.
Sparky was a loser  and everyone knew it. So he accepted it.
But one thing was important to Sparky---drawing. He was proud of his artwork. In senior high school, he sent some cartoons to the editors of the yearbook but he was refused. Sparky was hurt. But he didn't lose hope because he believed in his ability and he _ . He decided to become a professional artist.
He wrote a letter to the Walt Disney Studios after graduating from high school. The studio asked him to draw some cartoons on a certain subject. Sparky spent a lot of time on the cartoons. Finally, the reply came from Disney Studios: they aren't like cartoons.
Was it time to stop drawing?
Sparky didn't think so. He started to put his own life in the cartoons. He created  his childhood self----a little boy loser: Charlie Brown. He wasn't good at football.But Charlie Brown would soon become famous worldwide. Sparky, the boy who used to fail in school and who was refused again and again, was Charles Schulz. He created the Peanuts comic strip and the world-famous cartoon characters Charlie Brown and Snoopy.
The question is: Who is Charlie Schulz according to the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:The boy who was good at everything
B:The boy who was weak in everything
C:The boy who used to fail in school
D:An editor of Walt Disney studiosHave you ever had a science class that you look forward to? It doesn't happen often. But when you have a teacher like Mrs. Rheineck, it's more than a science class. It's a science class where learning is easy and fun. There is no getting down to a huge textbook or listening to a teacher about something you don't care about.
My experience with Mrs. Rheineck didn't start with science class, but with her as my tutor(,). I was always a weak reader and wasn't getting any better. My parents told me I needed to be tutored.
One day after school, I went into the library with my mom for my first tutoring time. I had no idea who was tutoring me. My mom practically had to pull me into the library. The first thing we did was to play a game to get to know each other and get rid of the awkwardness (,). We didn't even play a reading game.
We also went around the library and I got to pick out a book I wanted to read. She didn't make me read a boring textbook about something I didn't care about. I didn't even pick a book. I picked out a magazine about remote control cars. I thought to myself, how bad could it be? I got to read about remote control cars. She told me even though I was reading a magazine, I was still reading. After the first magazine, she picked out a book she liked. I would read a chapter  and then she would read a chapter to me, this way I didn't have to read for long periods of time.
As I got better and faster at reading, I was able to read two chapters in the same amount of time, which used to take me to read one chapter.
Reading is one of the most important things in high school and college to be successful. If it wasn't for her, I would not be the reader I am today and I thank her for that.
The question is: Why was the writer tutored by Mrs. Rheineck?
The possible answers are:
A:Because the writer was too shy to talk with others.
B:Because the writer found science easy and fun.
C:Because the writer liked her science class.
D:Because the writer couldn't read books quickly.Long ago, there was a queen who lived in a palace. She felt bored and said to her advisor( ), "AIl the things around me are too boring. I need a different kind of beauty. Let everyone know that I will hold a competition for the most beautiful thing in the world. And the prize will be this crown  ."
Several days later, lots of people came to the competition and showed their things. The queen was not satisfied with what she saw. The advisor suggested, "What you are looking for cannot be brought to you. You must look for it by yourself. What about a journey?"
The queen was interested in the idea, so she started immediately. As she was on top of the hill near her palace, she looked down and suddenly something cried in her heart. "Why have I never found my palace so beautiful?"
The queen spent one year travelling. She saw beauty on the farm, in the forest and even in the stars twinkling at night on her journey. But what was the most beautiful thing? She thought it over. Suddenly, she understood beauty was everywhere. She should learn to enjoy the world. She left the pieces of her crown at different places that she had seen. As time went by, the queen's crown got smaller and smaller until nothing was left.
She found the most beautiful thing at last. It was the world!
The question is: The passage tells us that  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:beauty is everywhere if we learn to enjoy the world
B:you can get whatever you want if you are a queen.
C:the things in the palace are the most beautiful.
D:there is no beauty outside the palace.Did you sleep the day away on March 21? Well, you should have done that because it was World Sleeping Day. This is the one day of the year when people around the world care about their sleep and ask themselves a lot of questions about sleep.
Why do we need sleep? Nobody as yet can give a correct answer to this question. However, tests have shown that lack of sleep over about four weeks leads to a strong drop in body temperature, great weight loss and finally sickness.
Different people need different amounts of sleep. Eight hours a night is considered the average amount of sleep. For teenagers the least number of sleeping hours advised by doctors are ten hours for primary school students, nine for junior highs and eight for senior highs.
Some people seem to get along just fine with very little sleep at night. Leading American scientist Thomas Edison said that sleep was a waste of time. He did, however, take naps during the day. On the other hand, Albert Einstein, another great scientist, said he needed at least ten hours' sleep a night.
Here are some of the most useful suggestions, for a good night's sleep.
Go to bed regularly. Use your bed only to sleep. Don't exercise in the evening. Keep the bedroom dark and quiet. Drink a glass of milk before sleep.
The question is: _   only took naps during the day, while   _   needed  ten hours' sleep.
The possible answers are:
A:Albert Einstein; Thomas Jefferson
B:Thomas Edison; Albert Einstein
C:Albert Einstein; Thomas Edison
D:Thomas Jefferson; Albert EinsteinYou have heard of Webster Toys. Webster has made good, safe, interesting toys for more than 100 years. Now we sell them, and children play with them, in countries from New Zealand to Norway, and from Japan to Brazil. We are looking for someone to sell our toys in the Far East. He will be between thirty and forty. He will already have some years of selling in world markets behind him. He will speak good English, and at least one other language of the Far East.
The person we are looking for will live in Singapore, and work in our office there,  but he will travel for up to six months in any one year. He will know the Far East quite well already. He will know how to sell in old markets and where to find new ones. He will understand money and make more than ever before, for himself, and for Webster Toys.
Webster wants someone who can stand on his own feet. If you think you are the person we are looking for, write to Mr J. Sloman at our head office in London.
The question is: The head office of the Webster company is in  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:Australia
B:New Zealand
C:Germany
D:EnglandJohn is six years old.  He can read and write well. But he can't tell the time. His mother, Mrs Brown teaches him many times, but he still can't tell. He would say "breakfast time" "lunchtime" and "teatime" instead of   saying eight o'clock, twelve o'clock and four o'clock in the afternoon. His mother doesn't know how to help him
One day, John's aunt, Mary, comes to see his mother. His mother tells her about that. His aunt says, "Let me help you. I think I can help him."
When John comes home after school, Mary begins  to teach him.
"Can you _ , John?" she asks.
"Yes. One, two, three, four..." John says.
"That's fine. Now I put the long hand  on twelve and the short hand on one-that is one o'clock  If I put the short hand on two, what is the time?"
"Two o'clock "
"Good. And on three?"
"Three o'clock. "
Then it is four o'clock in the afternoon, and John's aunt asks him, "What time is it now, John?"
"Teatime, Aunt, and I am very hungry ," John looks at the clock and answers.
The question is: John's mother can teach him to  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:read
B:write
C:tell the time
D:speakMy name is Sue. I want to have a special party to celebrate my 12th birthday. After discussing it with my family, I decided to have a Hello Kitty theme birthday party.
Hello Kitty Birthday Invitations
An invitation in the shape of a skirt is a fun way to invite my friends to the party. My sister, Lisa, will help me make the invitations. My mom tells me to send out the invitations 3~5 weeks before the date of the party. My birthday party is on December 21, so I will send out the invitations before November 24.
Hello Kitty Theme Decorations
The party will be held in our garden. I plan to put some white and pink balloons around the garden. There will be a vase which is full of pink flowers on each table and a small Hello Kitty on each chair.
Hello Kitty Birthday Party Menu
My parents will cook some delicious food. All of them will be named after Hello Kitty's friends, such as Rory and Fifi. I will _ a birthday cake in the shape of a Hello Kitty at Mrs Green'S Cake Store at the beginning of December.
I hope my friends will enjoy themselves at the special party.
The question is: When will Sue send out the party invitations to her friends?
The possible answers are:
A:In September.
B:In October.
C:In November.
D:In December.Tom walked into a shop. It had a sign outside:" Second-hand clothes bought and sold. " He was carrying an old pair of trousers and asked the owner of the shop." How much will you give me for these?" The man looked at them and then said, "Two dollars ." "What!" said Tom. "I had guessed they were worth(...) at least five."
"No," said the man, "they aren't worth a cent more than two dollars."
"Well," said Tom. Taking two dollars out of his pocket, "Here's your money. These trousers were hanging outside your shop. The list price of them was six dollars and a half. But I thought that was too much money, so I wanted to find out how much they were really worth. "
Before the shop owner could think of anything, Tom walked out of the shop with the pair of trousers.
The question is: In fact, the trousers   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:were hanging inside the shop
B:were stolen by Tom from the shop
C:had been the shop owner's
D:had been Tom'sHello, my name is Gina. John, Anna and I are good friends. We are in the same grade. But they are in Class Five and I am in Class Three. We get up at 7:00 and go to school at 7:30. In the morning we have four lessons. We have English every morning. John and Anna have English at 10:00 in the morning and I have _ at 11:00. English is my favorite subject. Math is their favorite. And we all like P.E.
In the afternoon, we have three lessons. At 2:30 we have the art lesson in the same classroom. After school we often play soccer. We all like soccer. Sometimes we watch TV at my house. We don't play any computer games.
The question is: "  _  " ?
The possible answers are:
A:a trip
B:an English lesson
C:a talk
D:a math lessonThe Diaoyu islands have a long history as part of China's territory , belonging to the country since ancient times. They are located  to the northeast of China's Taiwan Island, The total landmass of these islands   is about 5.69 square kilometers.
Since the Japanese government "bought" the Diaoyu Islands, the tension  between China and Japan about the islands has gone up. Several major Shanghai travel agencies have decided to stop organizing tours to Japan and advised Japan-bound   tourists to make other plans, becauese of the Diaoyu Islands issue .
The Shanghai China CYTS Outbound Travel Service Co. Ltd.  stopped the tour to Japan and will gradually stop receiving tourist bookings  to Japan after the National Day holiday, according to Liu Xin, the company's manager.
The Shanghai branch of the China Travel International Ltd.   also said it was advising people who wanted to visit Japan to change their plans.
In fact, tourists had already begun to ask for cancellation  of their tours to Japan because they were worried about their safety.
Last year, more than 100,000 tourists from  Shanghai went to Japan on organized tours. That made Japan the second most popular tour place for travelers from the city, only after Thailand.
The question is: The Diaoyu Islands don't belong to Japan, do they?
The possible answers are:
A:Yes, they do.
B:Yes, they are.
C:No, they don't.
D:No, they aren't.Do you dream of being a reporter? Are you a good English writer who loves the news? We're looking for 100 students from around the world. They will join the BBC Kid Reporter team for the 2015-2016 school year.
In the past, BBC Kid Reporters have:
 Interviewed leaders and other people.
 Written news stories for BBC For Kids.
 Talked about their work on television.[
Next year our team will continue to report local news stories for BBC For Kids magazine and bbcforkids.com.
How to Enter
Visitwww.bbcforkids.comand fill in the entry form  . Be sure to read the rules and share them with your parents, who must sign   your form. Entries must be done by June 19, 2015. You must be OVER 13 years of age. Good luck!
The question is: What will you do first of all to enter the BBC Kid Reporter team?
The possible answers are:
A:Visit the website and fill in the entry form.
B:Read the rules and share them with your parents.
C:Ask your parents to sign your entry form.
D:Do your entry on June 19, 2015.Paper was first made in the year 105. It was made by a Chinese named Cai Lun.
People in Japan learned of paper around the year 600. As years went by, people in other places began to make paper.
The lead  pencil is not made of lead. It is made of graphite . People found graphite in 1564. They thought it was a kind of lead. Today we still call pencils "lead pencils". The first pencils were made by putting strings  around sticks of graphite.
The first wooden pencils were made by Kasper Faber from Germany in 1761.
Erasers like those we use today were first made in France by a man named Magellan in 1752. It was Hyman L. Lipman who first put eraser on the ends of pencils. And that is how the pencils come to be.
The question is: At first pencils were made of   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:wood
B:Lead
C:sticks
D:string and graphitePocket money means that you have money in your pocket that you can spend. You may get a regular amount of money from your parents or grandparents , for example , every week or once a month.
How much pocket money should you get ? That depends on what your parents or grandparents can afford, how many kids there are in your family and how old you are . A little primary school kid may get one yuan , but older children would get more . Each family is different.
Many parents or grandparents give kids pocket money so that their kids can :
use the money to buy things that they want .
learn to find out how much things cost .
learn to look after money well .
learn to shop around for the best price
 learn to save their pocket money for the future.
 learn what is worth  buying.
It is difficult to _ money  . If you spend all of your money too quickly ,you will not be able to buy the necessary things that you will need in the future life . If you always save money , you will not get many nice things that you really like . Try to use your pocket money in the right way and you will always get something good.
The question is: The writer writes the passage mainly to tell us   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:what pocket money means
B:we should get more pocket money
C:to save more and more pocket money.
D:handling pocket money is useful.Now, it may be difficult to predict the future, but many people believe that we will live on Mars by the year 2100. Our own planet, Earth, is becoming more and more crowed and polluted. Well, what problems will we need to solve before we prepare to go to Mars?
First of all, transport should be much better. At present, humans need to spend months going to Mars by spaceship. However, by 2100, spaceship can travel at half the speed of light. It might take us two or three days to get there!
Secondly, humans need food, water and air to live. Scientists should develop plants that can be grown on Mars. These plants will produce the food, water and air that we need. However, there is no answer for all the problems now.
There is also a problem for us to live on Mars. Mars attracts us much less than the Earth does. This will be dangerous because we could easily jump too high and fly slowly away into space there. We will have to wear special shoes to make ourselves heavier.
In some ways, life on Mars may not be better than that on the earth today. Food will not be the same --meals will probably be in the form of pills and will not be as delicious as they are today. Also, space travel will probably make many people feel very uncomfortable.
The question is: So far, how long will it take us from the earth to Mars by spaceship?
The possible answers are:
A:Two or three days.
B:A few days.
C:A few months.
D:A few years.It was May 5. It was Mary's birthday. She came home, and saw a card on the table. It said, "There's a present for you, Mary. Go and look for it in your room." Mary ran to her room. Her parents were watching her. They were smiling. On her bed she saw a new red box. She thought, "What's in the box?" She opened it. There was nothing but a card in it. Mary took it out and read.
"Dear Mary, I'm your present. My first letter is in the word 'book', but not in 'look'. My second letter is in 'ink', but not in 'thank'. You can find my third letter in both 'ink' and 'book'. And my last letter is in 'she', but not in 'ship'. What am I?"
Mary thought hard. B-I-K-E! She smiled and said, "Aha, I know, Mom. But where is it?" Her mother said, "Look at the back of the card." Mary turned it over and read, "Come and look for me in the garden."
Mary hurried to the garden. There under a big tree she found her present--a nice new bike!
"Happy birthday, Mary!" her parents said.
"Thank you, Mom and Dad."
The question is: Mary's birthday present was  _
The possible answers are:
A:a beautiful card
B:a beautiful box
C:a beautiful bike
D:a comfortable bedMy sister Mary is 12 years old. Her birthday is on November 10th. Every year, on the morning of that day, my parents take us to Zig Zag's Clothes Store. There my mother buys some clothes for Mary. Then we go to Huaxing Bookstore. There I buy some CDs for Mary, and my father buys a book for her.
In the afternoon my parents have a birthday party for Mary at home. Mary's friends Bill, Jim and Cindy come to the party. Bill brings some pens for Mary. Jim gives Mary some balls because   she likes playing with them. Cindy gives Mary a cake. Mary is very happy.
Oh, I'm Mary's brother. My name is Nick.
The question is: Cindy gives   _   to Mary.
The possible answers are:
A:a book
B:some balls
C:a cake
D:some pensLet me tell you my pen friend Ivan. He is 12 years old. He likes playing football. He usually play football with his friends at weekends.
Ivan lives with his father and mother in a city in France. They have a dream home with five rooms, a swimming pool and a garden. They often have a party in the garden at weekends. They like to help their neighbours. His home is not near his school, so Ivan takes a bus for an hour and then walks for 10 minutes to school. There is a Basketball Club near his school. He likes play basketball in the club.
Ivan's father is a worker. He is busy. Ivan's mother is a doctor. She is nice to the patients. Ivan wants to be a teacher when he grows up. I want to be a teacher, too. Every month Ivan writes two letters to me. He'll come to Suqian next year. We'll meet then.
The question is: Ivan studies in   _   now.
The possible answers are:
A:America
B:Suqian
C:France
D:JapanJames lives in the mountains with his parents.There are not any schools near the farm.He has to study in the _ from Monday to Friday.His father often takes him there in his car on Sunday afternoon.And he meets him on Friday afternoon.
The boy likes animals.He can see some near his house and school.But he never visits a zoo.Some of his classmates have been to the zoo and they often talk about the elephants,dolphins,lions,tigers and pandas.He sees them on TV.So he can only listen to them.
It's Friday today.James' father will go to the city tomorrow.There's a big zoo there.The boy asks him to take him there.He agrees.James is so happy that he can't sleep at night.He gets up early this morning and puts some food in his bag.Can you guess what he does that for?
The question is: What does James put some food in his bag for?
The possible answers are:
A:He thinks he will be hungry tomorrow.
B:He will give it to the animals in the zoo.
C:He does not know where the restaurants are in the city.
D:His father does not have any friends in the city.Years ago, I lived in a building in a large city. The building next door was only a few feet away from mine. There was a woman who lived there, whom I had never met, yet I could see her seated by her window each afternoon, sewing or reading.
After several months went by, I began to notice that her window was dirty. Everything was unclear through the dirty window. I often said to myself, "I wonder why that woman doesn't wash her window. It really looks terrible."
One bright morning I decided to clean my flat, including washing the window on the inside.
Late in the afternoon when I finished the cleaning, I sat down by the window with a cup of coffee for a rest. What a surprise! Across the way, the woman sitting by her window was clearly seen. Her window was clean!
Then _ . I was always criticizing  her dirty window, but all the time I was watching hers through my own dirty window.
That was quite an important lesson for me. How often had I looked at and criticized others through the dirty window of my heart, through my own mistake?
Since then, whenever I wanted to judge  someone, I asked myself first, "Am I looking at him through my own dirty window?"
Then I try to clean the window of my own world so that I may see the world around me more clearly and correctly.
The question is: It's clear that   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:the writer never talked to the woman before
B:the writer often washed the window
C:they both worked as cleaners
D:they lived in a small townDo you see many signs around you? Do you know the signs are an important part of our daily life? They can be in pictures or in words to give people information. What do people think are good signs? If you are thinking about making signs for others, what should you know?
The most important thing is that signs should be simple and easy to understand. It is important to use clear language. On the other hand, the words should be easy to write and you just need to write down what you want to do. "Keep off the grass" is a very good example. It means "Don't touch or walk on the grass".
Nowadays, there is a saying that "A picture paints a thousand words". Perhaps that's why we are seeing more and more signs in pictures, or a combination   of pictures and words. However, that's the difficult part, because picture signs may have different meanings in different countries.
The question is: First, a good sign should be   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:clear
B:beautiful
C:funny
D:interestingKangkang's father is a doctor. When SARS, a kind of serious disease, spread in Beijing, he took an active part in the battle against it. He left his wife and his son to work in the Xiaotangshan Hospital. He cared for the patients day and night. He couldn't go home and he could only talk with family on the telephone. "Do you miss your family?" asked a reporter. "Yes, of course. It's my duty to save the patients," Doctor Lee answered.
The question is: What happened at that time?
The possible answers are:
A:SARS came in Beijing.
B:Beijing host the Olympic Games.
C:A flood broke out
D:The people celebrated our country's birthday.After breakfast Mrs. Beckman started packing the bags. She bought the tickets to London. Her husband works there. She and her children are going to fly there to see him. Thomas and Katy can't help her and she told them to play outside.
"It often rains in London in autumn," the woman said to herself, " I'd better take the umbrellas. So I won't buy any when it rains there."
Suddenly , she heard Thomas crying and ran out at once. She asked, " What's the matter?"
"Katy pulled my hair," the boy said in tears .
"Don't be angry," said the woman. "She's too young. She doesn't know pulling hair hurts "
And then she went to the house again. After a short time there was more crying. She had to come out to see what the matter was.
This time Thomas said, "Now she knows."
The question is: Mrs Beckman will go to London by  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:car
B:train
C:plane
D:busFirst, open the lid  (-) and put water, salt, and rice in the pot. Then put the cover on the pot and close the lid. Next, press   the button   for "white" or "brown", and then press the "start" button. Let the rice cook for about 30 minutes. You'll hear a beeping sound when it's finished, but you should wait about five minutes before eating. Finally, take out the pot. Bring it to the table and enjoy your meal.
The question is: What will happen when it's finished?  "
The possible answers are:
A:You will hear a sound.
B:You will still have to wait for ten minutes
C:The lid open.
D:The water will come out.John and Sam were friends. They opened a small shop in a small village. One day, they sold out of all their wine  , so they drove to the city to buy some.
On their way home, the wind was strong and it was getting colder and colder. Both John and Sam wanted to drink some wine to keep warm, but they had a rule. They couldn't drink any wine because they had to sell it. According to the rule, if some-body wanted to drink some wine, he had to pay the other twice the price.
John was a clever man. He took out ten cents and gave it to Sam. He said, "Here is ten cents. Would you please sell me some of your wine?" Sam was a businessman  , so he said, "You give me money, so of course I will sell some to you." Then he passed John a cup of wine.
After drinking the wine, John felt warm soon, but Sam was still cold. Then he took out the ten cents that John just gave to him and said to John, "Here is ten cents. Please sell me some of your wine." John agreed. Sam drank some wine and also felt much warmer. But after some time, they both felt cold again, so they kept buying wine from each other with the same ten cents. Soon they drank up all of the wine.
"How could so much wine only cost ten cents?" the two friends asked each other.
The question is: Which of the following is TRUE according to the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:Sam and John walked to the city to buy some wine.
B:Sam and John spent ten cents on getting some wine from the city.
C:Sam and John drank all of the wine because they wanted to keep warm.
D:Sam and John would be very happy when they got home.This is a song millions of Americans will hear this New Year's Eve. It is called Auld Lang Syne (<<>> ). It is the traditional music played during the New Year's celebration. Auld Lang Syne is an old Scottish poem. It tells about the need to remember old friends.
The words "auld lang syne" mean "old long since". No one knows who wrote the poem first. However, a version by Scottish poet Robert Bums was published in 1796. The words and music we know today first appeared in a songbook three years later.
The song is played in the United States mainly on New Year's Eve. The version   you are hearing today is by the Washington Saxophone Quartet. As we end our program with Auld Lang Syne. I would like to wish all of our radio friends a very Happy New Year! This is Buddy Thomas.
,.
The question is: What's Auld Lang Syne about?
The possible answers are:
A:It's about the history of Scotland.
B:It's about an old Scottish poet.
C:It's about the need to remember old friends.
D:It's about the wishes to the radio friends.Mr Smith had a week's vacation, so he said,"I'm going to the seaside by train. "He put on his best clothes, took a small bag, went to the railway station and got into the train. He wore a beautiful hat, and he often put his head out of the window during the trip and looked at the beautiful scenery. Suddenly, the wind pulled his hat off.
Mr Smith quickly threw  his old bag out of the window, too. The other people in the train laughed,"Is your bag going to bring back your beautiful hat?" they asked.
"No," Mr Smith answered."But My name and address are on the bag. If someone finds both of them, he or she will send me the bag and the hat."
The question is: Mr Smith is going to  _  .during his vacation.
The possible answers are:
A:visit his friends
B:see his parents
C:enjoy himself in the train
D:the seasideThe Black family often do housework together at the weekend. Pam often cleans bedrooms. Her father buys _ for the next week. Her mother washes the clothes. John, Pam's brother, helps to cut the grass in the garden.
The Blacks often ride bikes to the park nearby. In the park, they can play basketball and football. They always have a good time there. They say they like working and playing together.
The question is: Who always works in the garden at the weekend?
The possible answers are:
A:John.
B:Pam's father.
C:Pam's mother.
D:Pam.There are 365 days in a year. We sleep 8 hours a day, so we have 122 days for sleeping. Then our work time has 243 days left. But there are 52 weekends in a year. Each weekend is two days. We lose another 104 days a year for work. It takes us about one hour to have breakfast and supper. This comes to 15 days over a year. But we can't work all that time-we need a holiday. Let's say we have three weeks' holiday. We don't work all day. Four free hours each evening takes up 61 days. We have to remember that we get 2 days' holiday at Easter, 3 at Christmas and 1 at the New Year. There are also 4 Bank holidays. Take those 10 days away and we have 32 days for work. But then we have one and a half hours' lunch every day, and half an hour's coffee break. That comes to 30 days a year. This means that we have only a few days left for work every year!
The question is: According to the passage, we know that we don't have    _    time to work every year.
The possible answers are:
A:much too
B:so many
C:too much
D:too manyMany students in China are learning English. Some of these students are small children. Others are teenagers . Many are adults . Some study at school, others learn by themselves. A few learn English language over the radio, on TV, or in the films. One must work hard to learn another language.
Why do all these people want to learn English? It is difficult to answer that question. Many boys and girls learn English at school because it is one of their subjects. They study _ and maths and English. Some people learn English because it is useful for their work. Many people often learn English for their higher studies, because at college or university  some of their books are in English. Other people learn English because they want to read newspapers and magazines in English.
The question is: Are there many adults learning English in China?
The possible answers are:
A:No, they aren't.
B:No, they are.
C:Yes, there are.
D:Yes, there aren't.Tom's father has a big farm. On New Year's Day, his father asked him, "Could you work on the farm when you're free this year, Tom?"
"Farming is not my work, Dad. I have much school work to do," Tom wasn't glad at _ .
"If you help me work on the farm, I will give you anything you want."
"OK," Tom _ happily.
So Tom gets up early and works hard on the farm in his free time this year, just like other farmers. His wheat grows very well.
Time flies. Today is the last day of the year, December 31st. The father is talking with his son.
"I'm happy to see you work hard on the farm. Tom, now tell me what you want as the gift ."
Tom shows his father a big piece of bread. He makes it with the wheat on his farm. "I have already gotten your gift, Dad. You're trying to give me a lesson--- no pain, no gain.
Right?"
The question is: Tom is a (n)   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:student
B:farmer
C:manager
D:engineerTwo students started quarreling at school. One student shouted dirty words at the other, and a fight began.
What can be done to stop fights like this at school? In some schools, disputants  sit down with peer mediators  . Peer mediators are usually students with special training in this kind of problems.
Peer mediators help disputants to talk in a friendly way. Here are some of the ways they use.
1. Express what you think clearly but don't say anything to hurt the other. Begin with "I feel" instead of "You always".
2. Listen carefully to what the other person is saying. Don't stop the other person's words.
3. Keep looking at the other person's eyes when he or she speaks.
4. Try to see the problems on the other person's side.
5. Never _ . Saying things like "You are foolish  " makes the talk difficult.
6. Try to find a result that makes both people happy.
Peer mediators never decide on the winner. They don't decide who is right or who is wrong. Instead they help disputants to find their own "win-win" result. A "win-win" result can make everyone feel good.
Peer mediators' work is often successful just because it gets disputants to talk to each other. And getting disputants to talk to each other is the first step in finding a "win-win" result.
The question is: During the talk, if peer mediators say "You are a fool.",
The possible answers are:
A:disputants will realize they are wrong
B:disputants will understand peer mediators better
C:it is easy for peer mediators to decide who is right
D:it is hard for peer mediators to get a "win-win" resultDavid is eight. One day his friend Rose says to him, "This Sunday is my birthday. Can you come to my birthday party?" David says, "Yes".
On Sunday, David asks his mother if he can go to the party. His mother says, "Yes, you can go, but you must be polite. Don't ask for any food. They will give you some." "All right, Mum." David answers and he goes to Rose's house on his bike.
There are lots of kids at the party. They play together for some time, and then Rose's mother gives them some food, but she forgets David. He waits and waits and then he takes his plate up and asks, "Do you want a nice clean plate?"
The question is: Whose birthday is it?
The possible answers are:
A:Rose's
B:David's
C:Rose's mother's
D:David's mother'sMichael Jordon is the greatest basketball player so far. Once he was making a television advertisement. All Michael needed to do in the advertisement was to miss a shot. For Michael, this was difficult. He always succeeded whenever he was throwing the ball. Every time he threw a basketball, it went in. Every time he tried to miss a shot, he failed. In total, it took him over 20 times before he missed a shot.
For Michael, success is a strong habit. He had formed a habit which was so strong that it took him a lot of time to break it and "fail". Just like drinking, smoking and collecting things, success is also a habit. Like all habits, once it is _ , it is difficult to break. Many people think that success is difficult to maintain . They feel that it will be hard work and will need too much action and focus. The truth is that it is simply a habit, and as easy to keep as any other habit.
Spend some time making success a habit in your life. Once you have developed it, it is not something you will want to change again. Then, the only thing you will fail is failing.
The question is: In the author's opinion,  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:success is hard to keep
B:success needs much action and focus
C:success is hard work
D:success is a habit that is easy to keepGood morning,  boys and girls. Today I'll talk about going online.
We know that there are too many net bars around us. The Internet can make our lives interesting and enjoyable. Many of us like going online very much because we can learn how to use the computer and can get more information from the Internet. We can learn English. We can read some good newspapers and magazines. It can make us clever in playing computer games. We can send e-mails to our friends quickly. We can chat freely online with our friends. It can help us to get in touch with people from all over the world.
But every coin has two sides. Net bars also bring us a lot of trouble. For example,  some students spend too much time in playing computer games and some stay in the net bars all day and all night. Some girls even get to have boyfriends or some boys get to have girlfriends online. They write too many letters to each other. It takes them too much time to chat online,  so they do worse and worse in their lessons and they don't study well any more. I think we mustn't get online when it is time for us to study. We can do it in summer or winter holidays or at the weekend.
At the same time,  if we have lots of free time,  we can do some out-of-class activities at school. We usually have activities from4' 50 to 5- 50 in the afternoon. We can play basketball or football on Monday or Thursday afternoon. We can join some interests groups in school,  such as drawing or reading on Tuesday afternoon,  or singing and dancing on Wednesday afternoon. We can go to the English Corner on Friday afternoon. We hope we can spend more time on our subjects or on such activities.
The question is: Many of us like going online because it can help us  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:learn English and send e-mails
B:get more information
C:play computer games
D:all of the aboveOnce upon a time there was a monster(  ). He was very ugly (  ), and had no friends. No one wanted to talk to him. Even other monsters thought he was ugly. He lived alone and was very unhappy because he was so lonely.
"I wish I had a friend." he said to himself every day. "One friend would be enough. Someone to talk to."
"Dear Editor( )." he wrote. " I am an ugly monster. How can I find a friend?"
"Dear Monster." the Editor replied. " Advertise( )for a friend in this magazine." The monster wrote an advertisement.
"Monster wants a friend, male or female. I have two heads, four arms, six legs and three tails. I have one blue eye, one green eye and one brown eye. Smoke comes out of my noses. But I am really a kind monster and will be a good friend to someone. If you would like to meet me, please stand outside Blake's Store at 6 p.m. on Friday, May 22nd. Write to me at Box 45. Everybody's Magazine."
A few days later he went to the magazine.
"Do you have any letters for Box 45?" he asked.
The Editor looked in Box45.
"Yes, there is one." she said, and gave it to him.
The monster opened the letter, and read, "Dear Monster, I think a person's character ( ) is more important than his appearance( ). I will wait outside Blake's Store on Friday. Please carry a flower so that I will recognize you. Yours sincerely, Alice Green. "
The question is: The ending(  ) of story may be   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:Alice will not meet the monster
B:Alice will meet the monster
C:The monster will not go to meet Alice
D:The monster will be afraid to meet Alice.THE human face doesn't lie. We show sadness and happiness through our expressions. But exactly how many emotions can our face make?Scientists used to believe we had six basic facial expressions that tell others how we feel: sad, happy, surprised, fearful, angry and disgusted  .
But a new study shows that our faces can do more than we think. Scientists from Ohio State University found out that humans can actually make 21 different facial expressions after studying how people move their facial muscles.
The scientists took pictures of 230 volunteers making faces in response to different cues  .These cues included phrases like "you just got some great unexpected news", which produced a "happily surprised" reaction from volunteers. Other cues included "you smell a bad odor  ", which caused "disgusted" faces.
In total, around 5,000 pictures were taken of the volunteers. The scientists then studied similarities of these pictures using a computer expression database. _ helped them to define a facial expression. "That tells us that these 21 emotions are expressed in the same way by nearly everyone," said DrAleix Martinez to The Daily Telegraph. For example, to express surprise, 92 percent of volunteers widened   their eyes and opened their mouth. And 99 percent raised their cheeks   and smiled to show being happy.
We are not always aware of our facial expressions, which can hold clues to how we really feel. So these results may have a big impact   on medical treatment. If doctors were able to recognize more complex   emotions, it would help doctors treat patients suffering from certain diseases.
The question is: Scientists used to believe how many basic facial expressions that tell others how we feel?
The possible answers are:
A:21
B:230
C:92.
D:6Everybody needs water. Everything needs water. We use water to wash the bowls , clothes and ourselves. We use water to plant trees, flowers and crops . Where does all water come from? It comes from clouds.
Some of rain goes into the ground. Many people get it under the ground. Some rain water goes into the hills. It runs into lakes and rivers. Many people get it there.
,.
The question is: We use   _   to plant trees, flowers and crops
The possible answers are:
A:water
B:earth
C:hands
D:airOne day a lonely girl found two weak birds while she was walking in the woods . She took them home and put them in a small cage. She fed them with love and the birds grew strong. Every morning they greeted her with a beautiful song. The girl loved them very much and wanted their singing to last forever.
One day the girl left the cage's door open. The larger and stronger of the two birds flew out of the cage. The girl watched worriedly as it circled  high above her. She was afraid that it would fly away and she would never see it again. So when it flew close, she grasped  at it wildly. She was very happy that she held it tightly within her hand! Suddenly, she felt something had happened to the bird. She opened her hand and was surprised to find the bird was dead. Her love for the bird killed it.
She noticed the other bird jumping in the cage. She could feel that it wanted to be free. It hoped to fly into the clear, blue sky. She lifted  it from the cage and flew it into the air. The bird circled once, twice, three times...
When the bird was flying happily in the sky, she was so glad. Just then the bird flew closer and sat softly on her shoulder. It sang the sweetest song she had ever heard.
The question is: One day the girl forgot to close the door to the cage and   _   of the two birds flew out of the cage.
The possible answers are:
A:the sick
B:the female
C:the larger and stronger
D:the white and blueWalt Disney began to make cartoon movies when he was young. But he didn't have much money and he didn't always have enough to eat. One day a mouse ran near his desk when he worked in his small office.
"Would you like to be my pet? "Disney asked the mouse. He caught the mouse and kept it as a pet. A few years later, Disney decided to make a cartoon about it. "I am making a cartoon about a mouse named Mortimer," he told his wife. "Mortimer Mouse? I think Mickey Mouse would be a better name." She said. "You are right!"  Disney agreed and made many Mickey Mouse cartoons.
People all over the world saw Mickey and loved it. Mickey Mouse made Disney famous. Then come Donald Duck, and Goofy Dog and others. Disney began to make full length   cartoons. Then he made cartoon movies for television. Millions of children watched the shows every week.
In California, real boats, castles  , trains, mountains, rivers, all in one beautiful park. Millions of people came to Disneyland. He died in 1966, but the world will not forget him quickly. Mickey Mouse and all his cartoons will help us to remember him.
The question is: Which of the flowing sentences is true?
The possible answers are:
A:Disney's wife asked him to make a cartoon about the mouse.
B:Mickey Mouse was the name suggested by Disney's wife.
C:Disney caught a mouse and made a cartoon about it at once.
D:People will remember Disney because of the Disneyland.The people of ancient Egypt began their new year in summer. That is when the Nile River flooded its banks, bringing water and fertility   to the land. Today, most people celebrate New Year's Day on January 1. People celebrate the New Year's holiday in many different ways.
The ancient Babylonians celebrated by forcing their king to give up his crown ( )and royal clothing. They made him get down on his knees and _ all the mistakes he had made during the past year.
Making New Year's resolutions is a common American tradition. Today, popular resolutions might include the promise to lose weight, stop smoking, or be more productive  at work. People offer New Year's resolutions of their own. For example, one person decided to get a cat. Another promised to stop telling stories about other people. Other people use New Year's resolutions to make major changes in their lives. One such resolution might be to "stop and smell the flowers." This means to take time to enjoy simple pleasures. Another resolution might be "don't sweat the small stuff." This means not to worry or get angry about unimportant problems. Another resolution might be to forget about bad things that happened in the past.
The question is: Which of the following is not related... to the new year of ancient Egyptians?
The possible answers are:
A:The Nile River.
B:Summer.
C:The king.
D:Water and fertility.George Stephenson was born in 1781 in a poor family. He had to start work when he was only eight.When George was fourteen, he became his father's helper.He spent a lot of time learning about engines .And on holidays he often made one engine to pieces and studied each piece carefully.Soon he became a very good worker though he could not read or write.He began to learn English letters when he was seventeen years old.Every day after he did twelve hours of hard work, he walked a long way to have lessons from a young school teacher. On his eighteenth birthday,he wrote his own name for the first time in his life.George invented  many things in his life.The train was the greatest one among them.Today when we take trains from one place to another,we'll think of this great man---George Stephenson.
The question is: He spent a lot of time learning about engines and soon he became   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:a great man
B:a good maker
C:a good worker
D:a good studentI think that I am very lucky because I have a lot of friends. My best friend is Mai. She is 16 years old. She is 2 years older than me. We live in the same village. She is my neighbor and we are now classmates, so we have been friends for so long. Mai is tall and thin. With long black hair, she has got an oval  face with big bright eyes, a high nose and a small mouth. Mai is very beautiful, especially when she smiles.
She is always helpful, polite and honest . When her friends have difficulties, she always tries her best to help them. Although we have the same hobbies and interests, we have different personalities . I am sociable and enjoy telling jokes. My classmates think that I'm rather outgoing .Unlike me, Mai is quite serious and prefer quietness to noise.However, we can keep secrets together,  so we are close friends. Mai is one of the best students in my class and she works hard. I like doing homework with her. She always tries her best to help me with my studies. I think as time goes by, our friendship will be deeper and deeper.
The question is: What does the writer think of Mai?
The possible answers are:
A:She is outgoing.
B:She is a nice girl.
C:She is careless.
D:She is a lucky girl.A plant  makes its own food in its leaves .Water comes to the leaves through the roots . Air gets into the leaves through very small holes  . The green coloring in the leaves uses the water and air to make the food for the plant . It also needs sunshine because a plant can make food only when the sun is shining.
Animals and people could not live without green plants . They both eat plants .People and some animals also eat the meat of some animals and these animals eat plants.
The question is: A plant gets food from  _
The possible answers are:
A:the sun
B:its leaves
C:its roots
D:the airOnce upon a time, a boy was walking through a wood and he thought he could hear a sad cry. Following the sound he came to a big, round, mysterious, grey fountain. The sad sound seemed to be coming from the fountain pool. The boy swept aside the pool's dirty surface water and saw a group of grey fish swimming in a slow circle through the pond.
Amused by this, the boy tried to catch one of these incredible talking fish. But when he stuck his arm into the water it turned grey right up to the elbow. As this happened, a huge sadness entered into him, and he suddenly understood how sad the fish were feeling.
He quickly pulled his arm out of the water, and ran from that place. But the arm stayed grey, and the boy continued feeling sad. He tried so many times to cheer himself up, but nothing worked. That was, until he realized that if he were to make the Earth happy then that happiness would be, in turn, transmitted back to him, through the earth on his arm. X|k | B|  1  .  c|O  |m
From then on, he set about looking after countryside. He cared for the plants, and he did what he could to keep the water from being polluted. He encouraged others to do the same. He was so successful that his arm started to _ its normal color. When the grey had disappeared completely, he started feeling happy again, and he decided to go and visit the fountain. When he was still some way from the fountain he could hear the fish singing happily.
The question is: What can we learn from the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:We should protect the earth.
B:We shouldn't catch fish.
C:Even the fountain may cry.
D:We should visit the fountain.Mr. Smith is telling two funny stories of his police work.
Story A
I remember catching a "thief" in a clothes shop once. It was strange. The man was hiding a yellow sweater inside his coat. I thought he had stolen it, so I caught him. We found later that his wife gave him the sweater for his birthday, but he hated it. He just wanted to return it to the shop for money, but he didn't want his wife to see him! We soon let him go.
Story B
Another day, a man called Bob went into a bank on Sixth Street. He wrote on the back of an envelope, "Give me the money! Or I'll kill you." and gave it to the bank clerk. She gave him $100,000 and the man ran away. Then we received a phone call from the bank clerk. She told us to go to the man's house in Candy Town and get him. We caught him as soon as he got out of the elevator. He couldn't believe that we found him so quickly. We told him that the front of the envelope he used his name and address on it!
The question is: What does Mr. Smith do?
The possible answers are:
A:A bank clerk.
B:A policeman.
C:A thief.
D:A teacherBody language is quiet, secret and most powerful language of all. It speaks louder than words.
According to specialists, our bodies send out more messages than we realize. In fact, non-verbal  communication takes up about fifty percent of what we usually mean. And body language is especially important, when we try to communicate across cultures.
Indeed, what is called body language is so much a part of us that it's actually often unnoticed. And misunderstandings happen as a result of it. For example, different cultures treat the distance between people differently. Northern Europeans usually do not like having bodily contact ,even with friends. And certainly not with strangers. People from the Latin American countries, on the other hand, touch each other quite a lot. So it's possible that in conversation it may look like a Latino is following a Norwegian  all over the room. The Latino, trying to express friendship, will keep moving closer. The Norwegian, very probably seeing _ as rude behavior, will keep backing away, which the Latino will in return regarded as coldness.
Obviously, a great deal is going on when people talk. And only a part of it is in the words themselves. And when parties are from different cultures, there's a strong possibility of misunderstanding. But whatever the situation is, the best advice is to obey the golden rule: Treat others as you would like to be treated.
The question is: If a foreign friend gives a hug to you, you should  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:shake hands with him
B:give him a hug
C:refuse him
D:kiss himIt is said that all dreams serve a purpose . While there is no agreement among scientists about why we dream, there are many ideas about the different kinds of dreams we have.
One common kind of dream is the repeating dream, in which the same story is repeated again and again, often for many months or even years. Some believe these are a sign people have a problem in their life and once that problem is gone then the dream will stop. Others think _ are a way to help people remember something very important.
Another well-known kind of dream is the nightmare. The pictures and stories in such dreams make people very afraid and dreamers usually remember them far more clearly than normal dreams. The cause of such dreams may be seeing something _ such as a car accident or some deadly snakes. Others think such dreams may be trying to make a person pay attention to something that is dangerous in their life.
Daydreams happen during wake-time when we forget where we are or what we are doing and find ourselves in a made-up story or unreal world. We often daydream when we are doing something that is not interesting or exciting. They help us think about our future.
Lucid dreams are the most fun. These happen when dreamers suddenly understand that they are dreaming. Instead of waking up, they stay in the dream and are able to control what happens in the dream as if they are making a movie.
The question is: When might a person daydream?
The possible answers are:
A:During a very interesting movie.
B:While playing at a fun park.
C:While listening to an uninteresting talk.
D:When making a movie.Books, which give instructions on how to do things, are very popular in the USA today. A lot of books like these begin with titles that start with the words "how to". Many "how to" books give advice on careers. They tell you how to choose a career and how to succeed in it. If you would like to become very rich, you can buy a book How to Make a Million. If you never make any money, you need a book called How to Live on Nothing.
One of the most popular kinds of books is one that helps you with personal problems. If you are unhappy with your life, you can read How to love Every Minute of Your life. If you are tired of books on happiness, you may prefer a book called How to Make Yourself Sad.. Many of these books help people use their free time better. Some people want books which will give them useful information about sports, hobbies and travels.
Other people use their free time to make repairs and improvements in their homes. They like books which give step-by-step instructions on how to repair things like electrical writing, or how to decorate a house or make it larger.
Why have "how to" books become so popular ? Maybe because life has become so popular. Maybe because life has become so complex. Today people have far more free time to use , more choices to make, and more problems to solve. "How to" books help people deal with modern life.       ,.
The question is: Which of the following is not mentioned in this passage ?
The possible answers are:
A:How to Drive Car
B:How to Repair Electrical Writing
C:How to Make Your House Larger
D:How to Make Your Room Look More BeautifulMy parents divorced when I was 8 years old. Their marriage was a mistake of World War II. And about 50 years ago, I was the only child I knew who didn't have a father at home on Father's Day. Divorce was very uncommon back then.
So when my friends were in town shopping for presents for their fathers, I decided since my mother was both Mother and Father, no one else was like her, who better deserved(be worth) a present on Father's Day than her?
I bought her a little set of tools, just a few things, hammer, pliers  and screwdriver  and a box to put all these things in. I got some ideas from my grandfather and named it Mother's Tool Box. She was excited, more at the thought of being cared for on Father's Day than of the present. She always said she liked her Father's Day memories better than the Mother's Day ones. It made her feel special -- and she was. I have noticed in the past few years, greeting cards are even made for "Mother on Father's Day". Ever since then, my mother has got cards on Father's Day. By the way, she knew just how to use those tools and others she had ever used over the years.
The question is: Why did Mother feel special?
The possible answers are:
A:She had more Father's Day memories.
B:She had only one child.
C:She was both Mother and Father.
D:She was the happiest one on Father's DayA young man went to a car shop. He was wearing rubber boots  and a dirty jacket. He needed a haircut  very much. The young man looked at an expensive car carefully and then asked the shop owner , "How much is this car?" "Nine thousand two hundred and eighteen," the owner answered. "I want sixteen of them," the young man said. The shop owner smiled coldly. He showed the door to the young man.
In another shop on the other side of the street the business was done . The young man took money out of his pocket and paid for the cars. He said the cars were for himself and his friends were. Each of them wanted to get one. He said that he and his friends were working on a fishing-boat. "We have got much money this season," the young man said, "and we want to buy cars. "
The question is: The story tries to tell us   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:we can't tell if a man is rich by his clothes
B:cars are expensive
C:people wearing rubber boots are rich
D:we can't show the door to othersI think it's really very good to be a doctor. On the one hand, you can save people; on the other hand, they share their experiences of life with you.
I've been a doctor in Los Angeles. To be frank, my work is terribly busy but interesting. I can always meet patients in different conditions. One 'of my patients is a successful businessman. Cancer has changed his _ on life. " Happiness is like a cookie in a boy's hand, " he said. "If a young kid gets the cookie, everything will be good. With no cookie, life loses its color. When a boy becomes a man, the cookie may turn into money, a new car, or a beautiful house. "
"It took me many years to understand that the cookie never makes you happy for long. If the cookie is in front of you, you may care for it. But sometimes you may not get a chance to eat it, and then you are busy trying not to lose it. Having the cookie is not what life is about. After having cancer, for me, the cookie starts to lose its meaning. It is the most important that you can live a happy life with or without the cookie, " he said.
,.
The question is: From what the patient said we can learn that  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:money is the most important
B:happiness is the most important
C:success the most important
D:health is the most importantIn America: There are many more cars than in China. Maybe the number of cars in California is the same as the number in China. But there are fewer traffic jams and accidents in America than in China. We hardly see traffic police in the street, but all cars obey traffic rules strictly , and people hardly find that a car does not obey traffic rules in the street.
About America traffic rules, there are many better terms , such as:
1. Stop line: There are stop line in all crossing without traffic lights(some have two stop lines and others have four stop lines); all cars must stop while meeting the stop lines.
2.Traffic lights: There are traffic lights in the crossing of the road .Cars may almost turn every direction. the traffic lights can give signals step by step including u-turn . There is a kind of middle lane of turning left. When a car wants to turn left in the road, he may enter into the middle lane of turning left and give a signal of turning left. When he thinks being safe he may turn left.
3. Specific item: Such as parking, there are three kinds of lines (its color are white, blue or red) in the roadside. Every line may park different kinds of cars. There are streets in some residential  areas, and no car can park at any time or any period time.
4. About the priority   of passengers and cars: At any case, passengers have the priority to cars. But only after passengers have passed the road and gotten the top of sidestep, cars may go ahead. In general, traffic rules of America are very specific, convenient and safe.
The question is: This passage mainly talks about  _
The possible answers are:
A:the priority of passengers and cars
B:the traffic lights
C:the stop line
D:American traffic rulesThis large flat is on the top floor of a five-story modern building in a quiet part of the city. There are two schools, a restaurant and several shopping centres nearby. A bus stop is only one hundred metres away. The flat has got a large living room , a dining room,a modern kitchen, one large bedroom and two small bedrooms. There is a bedroom with a shower, a sink and a toilet. The flat has also got a small storeroom and there is a large doorway. The price of it is $245,600 without the garage . The price of the garage is $34,560.
The question is: There are   _   bedrooms in the flat.
The possible answers are:
A:one
B:two
C:three
D:fourMost American families like to have a vacation in summer. Summer is a good season for vacation. It is often hot in July and August.
Children do not go to school in those two months. Some people like to stay at home, read books, or watch TV. Many families take their lunch to eat at a place with many trees or a nice lake.
Some people have enough time and money to travel to other countries like France, Japan and Australia. They usually fly to these countries. Many families travel by car or train to see interesting places in their own countries. Their favorite cities are New York, Chicago, Miami, San Francisco and Los Angeles.
Not everyone likes to go to busy cities. Some families travel to mountains or beautiful valleys.
,A, B, C, D,. (5,1,5)
The question is: Which of the following is NOT true ?
The possible answers are:
A:Summer vacation is about two months long.
B:Some people usually go to other countries to travel.
C:Everyone likes to travel to busy cities.
D:It's often hot in July and August in America.Mrs Jones was still cleaning the house when her husband came back from work. She was wearing dirty, old clothes and no stockings   and her hair was not tidy. She looked dirty and tired. Her husband looked at her and said, "Is this what I come home to see after a hard day's work?"
Mr Jones' neighbour, Mrs Smith, was there. When she heard Mr Jones' words, she quickly said goodbye and ran back to her house. Then she washed and combed   her hair carefully, put on her best dress and her most beautiful stockings, painted her face, and waited for her husband to come home.
When he arrived, he was tired. He walked slowly into the house, saw his wife and stopped. Then he shouted angrily, " And where are you going this evening ?"
The question is: What did Mr Smith think when he saw his wife?
The possible answers are:
A:He thought his wife was beautiful.
B:He thought his wife was waiting for him.
C:He thought his wife was not beautiful.
D:He thought his wife would go out that evening.A pretty, well-dressed young lady stopped a taxi in a big square, and said to the driver, "Can you see that young man at the other side of the square?"
"Yes," said the taxi-driver. The young man was standing outside a restaurant and looking impatiently at his watch every few seconds.
"Take me over there." said the young lady.
There were a lot of cars and buses and trucks in the square, so the taxi- driver asked, "Are you afraid to cross the street."
'Oh, no !" said the young lady. "But I said that I would meet that young man for dinner at one o'c1ock, and it is now a quarter to two. If I arrive in a taxi, it will at least seem as if I have tried not to be too late."
The question is: The young lady was   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:45 minutes late
B:not late at all
C:l5 minutes late
D:one hour 1ateLast summer I went to India with my family. We spent 10 days traveling around Rajasthan and I will never forget it. We saw lots of things like the Taj Mahal  and we went to a tiger reserve . Our guide was called Krishna and he was really nice especially when I didn't always understand things he would explain it to me and answer all my stupid questions. Also when I got ill with a fever, he was really kind and gave me medicine and got a priest  to give me a _ in a Hindu temple we visited, and then I got well again very quickly.
There were lots of amazing parts of the holiday. One was when we got to ride on elephants in Jaipur. My sister and I rode an elephant called Lucky. We were in a camel cart but Krishna talked to the camel's owner and we were allowed to ride on them, which was really cool. I also really liked the Taj Mahal because it was even prettier than I imagined. My sister lost her shoes. But the people in India are really kind, so we found them again. The weather was really hot which was nice because Krishna gave us lots of time to spend in the pool and relax in-between going to see all the amazing places.
This was the best holiday that I have ever been on. I wish I could come back another year.
The question is: From this passage we can know that a good guide   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:needs to learn about giving a blessing
B:can answer visitors some stupid questions
C:must take visitors to the Taj Mahal and the tiger reserve
D:should explain something that visitors can't understandWithin IOC, Samaranch was a man much admired and sometimes loved, the Spanish who made the organization into one that is rich and so powerful.
No one doubted Samaranch's ability to make something impossible come true. In 1981 he ensured  that Seoul was elected to be the host of the 1988 Olympics. Remember, that was a time when the two Koreas were at war with each other. And because Samaranch helped swing  Spanish votes  across to London, rather than to Paris, London was made host for the 2012. To China and the Chinese people, Samaranch was considered a great friend. Thanks to his efforts  during his last term as IOC president, Beijing and China won the Olympics for the first time.
Samaranch led the IOC from 1980 to 2001. Certainly, throughout his IOC presidential term, he had a soft spot for Moscow, for it was there that he was elected president of the IOC in 1980, and it was there that he managed to reach his final wishes as IOC president. Very early on in that 2001 Moscow session he wanted the Belgian surgeon, Jacques Rogge, a newcomer to the Olympic Movement, to replace him as president, for China to host the 2008 Olympic Games and for his son, Juan Antonio Samaranch junior, to become an IOC member. He got all three wishes.
Samaranch's death came three months before his 90th birthday on April 21st, 2010.
The question is: Samaranch became the president of the IOC in   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:Spain
B:London
C:Paris
D:MoscowIn order to make students become more interested in English studies,21 elementary schools in southeastern Korea have started to use robot teachers.
The robot teacher is called Engkey. She was developed by the Korea Institute of Science and Technology. She is about one meter high and is white,egg-shaped. She takes a display panel
 as her face. She can move around the classroom while she speaks to students. She can also read books to students and dance to music by moving her head and arms.
Now,21 robot teachers have been used to teach English. They are controlled by English teachers in the Philippines. There is a camera in each of the robot teachers. With the help of the cameras,English teachers in the Philippines can see and hear the students. At the same time,the facial expressions of these English teachers. This is very interesting.
Besides helping students to become more interested in English,the robot teachers can also help children in poor areas without English teachers.
Robot teachers have many good points. For example,they needn't have a rest because they don't get ill.
The question is: What does the writer think of robot teachers?
The possible answers are:
A:They are helpful to students.
B:They are expensive.
C:They are beautiful.
D:They are not interesting.Is your schoolbag too heavy to carry? The e-schoolbag will help you. In fact, the e-schoolbag should perhaps be called an e-textbook. It is a small computer for students. Heavy schoolbags have been a serious problem for them for a long time. But the e-schoolbag will change everything.
It is much lighter than a usual schoolbag. Also, it is as small as a usual textbook, an exercise book and so on. They can be made into _ that are as small as a stamp. The students can read the text page by page on the "screen", take notes, or even send e-mails to their teachers. All they have to do is to put the right chip into the e-schoolbag and press the button.
It is said that e-schoolbags have been put into use in some Chinese middle schools. In 2012, some students in Shanghai started to use e-schoolbags in the new term. Some say that e-textbooks can be easily broken. Some say it is not good to students' eyes. But only time will tell us all.
The question is: What's the best title of this passage?
The possible answers are:
A:To Put the Right Chips In.
B:The Big Problems.
C:A New Kind of Schoolbag.
D:How to Use the E-schoolbag?Rollerworld is a public skating rink that welcomes everyone from beginners to experts.
NOTICE
-- under 12's must be taken care of by an adult.
-- small cost for adults watching children
-- no dirty or dangerous skates
-- dress must be neat
-- no jackets, hats or open clothing to be worn
-- no newspapers, books, magazines, games allowed in Roller Cafe or Roller Bar
-- no smoking except in Roller Bar and smoking room of Roller Cafe
-- over 18's only in Roller Bar
"Roller skating fun for everyone"
The question is: Where can people smoke?
The possible answers are:
A:In any place in the Roller Cafe.
B:At the skating rink.
C:Nowhere in Rollerworld.
D:In the Roller Bar.The earth is 4 600 million years old. We humans have lived on earth for only 35 000 years, but during this period we have changed our planet a lot in many ways. Some things we've done are very good for the earth while some are bad.
All over the world, people have cut down millions of trees. When it rains or when the wind blows, the earth is taken away. Forests have become deserts, so more and more sorts of animals and plants are disappearing.
In big cities, cars and buses have polluted the air. Many people in cities now have health problems.
Factories have also polluted the land and the water. As a result, many rivers and lakes are now dead.
Around the earth, there's a special kind of oxygen called "ozone"(O3). It is important to the earth. But now air pollution is destroying it and that has made a very big hole in the ozone layer. Too much harmful radiation from the sun passes through the hole and reaches the earth directly. This is very dangerous because this kind of radiation can cause cancer.
Carbon dioxide (CO2) in the air has increased a lot. It mainly comes from burning oil, coal and wood. This has formed a "blanket" around the earth. The heat from the sun can't escape so the temperature is rising. This is called "the greenhouse effect". It causes the level of the oceans to rise and the climate of the earth to change.
All these problems are very serious, so we must do something now.
,A, B, C, D.
The question is: The level of the oceans is rising because of   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:pollution
B:few trees
C:the greenhouse effect
D:changes in the climateA "Gap Year" is a period of time when a student takes a break before going to university. It is often spent travelling or working. It can give young people useful learning experiences and new skills.
Gap years are popular with European and Australian students, but remain less popular in America. However, in recent years, more and more American students are preparing for college by taking a gap year. The advantages of taking a gap year are as follows:
Learn about the World and Yourself
Although you don't have to go abroad to experience gap years, most gap year students catch the chance to travel abroad. You are able to work out who you are and what you are for. The experiences of different cultures offer you interesting lessons. You can learn more about the world and get to know yourself better.
Face Challenges and Have Fun
A gap year is not only a time to take a vacation, but also a time to face challenges. Gap year students usually work, volunteer or take service projects. You have to learn how to get along in the real world. This process isn't always easy, but it is an important part of growing up. Only in this way can you enjoy life and have fun.
Save Money and Improve Your College Admission Chances
There's a common thought that gap years are only for rich students,but it' s not true. Actually, taking a gap year can save your money. Gap year students often take a part-time job. Besides, at the end of a gap year, students are much more likely to know what to study in college. Clear learning goals ran keep the students working hard instead of wasting time and money playing.
Imagine an admission officer trying to admit   only one between two students. Both of them are excellent and have high grades. However, one student has much practical experience or has volunteered in his vacation. Who do you think the admission officer will choose?
The question is: Besides having fun, gap year students have to face the  _
The possible answers are:
A:money
B:information
C:vacations
D:challengesAnn's grandpa was very rich and he had some shops. The old man began to learn drawing  when he was sixty, and he loved it very much.  For twelve years he drew a lot and there were many pictures in his workroom. He was pleased with them and kept them well. One
day, the old man was ill. He had to stay in hospital. Before he died, he said to Ann, "I want to give my pictures to a school as presents. Then the students can remember me forever. But I don't know which school I'm going to give them to. Can you help me? " "Well," said the little girl, "you'd better give them to a blind(,) school. "
,. (5)
The question is: When the old man was in hospital, he was    _    years old.
The possible answers are:
A:60
B:70
C:72
D:78Long ago in a small village, there was a place. It is famous for the House of 1000 Mirrors.
A small, happy little dog learned of this place and decided to visit. When he arrived, he jumped happily up the stairs  to the doorway  of the house. He looked through the doorway with his ears lifted high  and his tail  wagging  as fast as it could. To his great surprise, he found himself looking at 1000 other happy little dogs with their tails wagging just as fast as his. He smiled a great smile, and was answered with 1000 great smiles just as warm and friendly. As he left the house, he thought to himself, "This is a wonderful place. I will come back and visit often."
In the same village, another little dog, who was not quite as happy as the first one, decided to visit the house. He slowly climbed the stairs and hung  his head low as he looked into the door. When he saw the 1000 unfriendly-looking dogs looking back at him, he _ at them and was afraid to see 1000 little dogs growling back at him. As he left, he thought to himself, "That is a terrible place. I will never go back there again."
All the faces in the world are mirrors. What kind of reflections  do you see in the faces of the people you meet?
The question is: How was the second dog feeling when he visited the house?
The possible answers are:
A:Excited
B:Nervous
C:Interested
D:UnhappySally came to China last year. She is now living in Beijing and works in a computer company. She has been in the company for six months. The company is in the north of the city, and her flat is in the south. But Sally has never been late for work.
Sally is very popular in the company. She is kind to everybody and gets on well with her workmates. They often visit each other after work and talk about almost everything.
However, Sally has made a decision to leave the company. She is going to find a job as a tour guide. "If I work as a tour guide, I'll be able to meet more people and learn more about China," she told her friends.
Last Friday Sally had a talk with the manager of a travel agency. He seemed pleased with her Chinese. At the end of the talk, the manager said, "I'll call you up in a week and tell you the result." Now Sally is waiting for the answer.
The question is: Sally wants to work in a   _   because she wants to know more about China.
The possible answers are:
A:middle school
B:travel agency
C:post office
D:police station(one day Alice runsafter a strange rabbit and falls into a deep hole.She becomes smaller after she drinks something.She finds herself in a wonderland with many amazing things inside.)
Caterpillar and Alice look at each other in silence.Then they begin to talk.
Caterpillar:(In a tired,sleepy voice)Who are you?
Alice:(Rather shyly)I--hardly know,sir,just at present--at least I know who Iwas when I got up this morning.but l think I must have been changed several times since then.
Caterpillar:What do you mean by that?Explain yourself!
Alice:I can't explain myself, I'm afraid.sir,because I'm not myself,you see.
Caterpillar:I don't see.
Alice:(very politely)I'm afraid I can't put it more clearly,for I can't understand it myself.And being so many different sizes in a day is very puzzling .
Caterpillar:It isn't.
Alice:(Feeling uncomfortable)well,perhaps you haven't found it so yet.But when you have to turn into a chrysalis you will some day,you know--and then after that into a butterfly,I think you'11 feel it a little stranger,won't you?
Caterpillar:Not a bit.
Alice:Well,perhaps your feelings may be different.All l know is it would make me feel very strange.
Caterpillar: (At  the top of his voice)You!Who are you?
Alice:(Angrily)I think you ought to tell me who you are first.
Caterpillar:Why?
(Here is another puzzling question.As Alice cannot think out any good reasons and Caterpillar seems to be very unpleasant,she turns away.)
Caterpillar:Come back!I have something important to tell you!
(Alice turns and comes back again)
The question is: Why did Alice think she was not herself?
The possible answers are:
A:Because she was too young to understand the changes.
B:Because being changed several times in a day made her feel puzzled.
C:Because she didn't like her changes
D:Because she didn't feel very well.Betty and I are best friends.Our birthdays are on the same day,so every year we have a birthday party together.But this year,we had a costume party instead.
While we were writing the invitation,my mum came in and asked."Why not invite John?"John had been in our class for only a few months,but he was always getting better grades in math than anyone else in class.I wrinkled my nose and said,"Mum,he wears the same pants to school every day.How can he even afford a costume?"Mum said nothing.The next day,mum gave me an envelope with a shopping certificate in it."I thought it would be nice of you
to give this to John,"Mum said.But how?We didn't want to make John embarrassed.We discussed it for a long time.Finally,Betty and I had a good idea.
On the day of our party,kids arrived,dressed differently.John arrived,in an old sheet ,but still in the same brown pants as usual.We danced,ate snacks and played games in groups.Before eating the birthday cake,Betty said in a loud voice,"Now it's time for the great prize game.It's the following riddle..."It was a math game.None of us was surprised when John came up with the right answer first and walked off with the envelope.
Everything went on well as we planned.John wore a new pair of pants and a new shirt the next week.He felt happy.So did we.
When we helped others,we need to find a proper way,or we may hurt them in another way.
The question is: The two girls and John were in the same  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:group
B:family
C:team
D:classIt's Tuesday today. After four classes in the morning, it's time for lunch. "Boys and girls, do you want to go to the City Book Store with me this afternoon?" Miss Cheng asks. All the students in our class are very happy, because we don't have to have three afternoon classes as usual  . So we answer, "Yes!" "Well, come to the classroom after lunch," Miss Cheng says.
At about 1:30 pm, we take a bus to the City Book Store. We get to the store at 2:00 pm.
In the City Book Store are lots of books, but I can't read   all of them. I only read two books about my favorite subject, history. The books in the store are nice, but they are expensive. I can't afford them.
After two hours, we go to the front door   of the book store. With Miss Cheng's help, some of the students buy some books at a special discount  . Then we take a bus to our school.
The question is: What can be the title for the passage  ?
The possible answers are:
A:A Good Book Store
B:A Nice Teacher
C:Going to a Book Store
D:Buying Books at a Special DiscountWe have to accept the truth: Sometimes, we just want to shout out loud.
For example, we all have days like this: our dog has made a mess on the floor we just cleaned, or our friend called to tell us he or she couldn't come at the last minute when we had cooked dinner for him or her. We may be really angry but we tried to bear things like those. According to ancient Chinese wisdom, we should shout in a loud voice instead of keeping silent. In fact, it's good for our health.
"Chinese people have passed on the practice from ancient times to now as a part of traditional medicine," said Mrs. Li, a 60-year-old woman from Hangzhou. "My parents taught me to do this. It's a part of our folk culture. "
Mrs. Li is a member of a group of people who love shouting. Each morning, she and some of her friends climb to the top of a hill and let out loud shouts before starting their daily exercise. They believe that shouting is good exercise for their lungs and it brings them a lot of fun.
"Sometimes I shout out and other shout back," said Mrs. Gu, another shouting lover. "It makes you happy. You laugh and then you feel very comfortable. "
Dr. Peter Calafiura, an American doctor, agrees that shouting can have a positive influence on people's health.
So, next time you start your morning run, why not try to shout out first? It will make you healthier.
The question is: What does Dr. Peter Calafiura think of shouting?
The possible answers are:
A:It's great furl.
B:It's good for people's health.
C:It's easy to learn.
D:It's good exercise especially for kids.Mr. Green is quiet and doesn't like talking with people .He likes reading newspapers and using the Internet.He hardly ever exercises. Sometimes he watches soccer or basketball games on TV. He likes coffee very much and drinks it three times a day .
Mr. Green is a bank clerk . It's a busy but boring job. He works with people and money every day .So he always feels tired after work. He likes to get enough rest and goes to bed early after dinner.Usually he goes to bed at 8:30 in the evening and get up at 6:30 in the morning. Mr. Green is very happy with that .But Mrs. Green isn't ,because Mr. Green always talks in his sleep.
One morning , Mr. Green sat at table and had breakfast. Mrs. Green asked him, "Why do you always talk in your sleep?" Mr. Green said, "Because I have few chances to talk in the day time."
The next morning after their children all went to school, Mrs. Green asked Mr. Green angrily , Why did you scold me in your sleep last night ? "Because I don't have the courage  to do it when I'm awake  ."
The question is: Mr. Green usually sleeps  _  hours every night..
The possible answers are:
A:ten
B:nine
C:eight
D:sevenThe Blacks are American tourists. They visits now in Beijing. This is their first visit to China. They are going to stay in China for three months. They want to visit some big cities and villages. They hope to learn some Chinese, too.
Mr Black is a taxi driver. He likes to drive in Beijing. Mrs Black is a school teacher. She is visiting a city school today and a village school tomorrow. Their daughter is a middle school student. She is going to meet some Chinese students.
They are taking a lot of pictures in China. When they return to America, they are going to show the pictures to their friends. They want the American people to know more about China.
The question is: There are  _  people in Mr Black's family.
The possible answers are:
A:two
B:three
C:four
D:fiveMost kids hate doing housework. However, not all hope is lost. There are some things that you can do to get your kids to help you clean your house. If you are struggling with the chores  and need your kids to help you, take a look at some of the creative ways in this article.
If you are dealing with older kids, you may want to try the _ deal. You can give your kids a list of chores that need to be done each week. If they complete these chores, you can give them some money. You can also break the list down and tell them they will get so much for each chore that is finished. Older kids , who like to do things on weekends or buy things like video games, will work hard to complete their chores and earn their money. This is also teaching them responsibility. This is teaching them that they must work for what they want.
If you are dealing with younger kids, you may want to go with the rewards chart . This is where you design a chart and list their chores on the chart. For each chore they complete, you can put a red flower beside it. For the rewards, you canalso do a number of things ,such as going to the park, going out to eat, buying a DVD or something similar. The rewards would be up to you because you know what your kids like.
For real small kids, you can turn it into a game. When kids were much younger, you can teach them to dance around and sing as you cleaned. The kids loved it and would do a wonderful job at picking up their toys. So, consider turning cleaning into a game for the real small kids.
The question is: What can we know from this article?
The possible answers are:
A:Kids should help parents do more chores.
B:Parents should teach kids how to do housework.
C:The more chores kids do, the more they love their parents.
D:Creative methods can be helpful for parents to get their kids to do housework.Helen Keller was a US author and public speaker who became blind and deaf at the age of 19 months. Anne Sullivan became her teacher in 1887 and taught her to read, write, use sign language and speak. Keller received degree from Radcliffe College in 1904 and spent the rest of her life encouraging others with difficulties like hers to overcome them. Her books include The story of My Life (1902) and Out of the Dark(1913). Her life was the subject of the play The Miracle Worker
The question is: Which book is written by Helen Keller?
The possible answers are:
A:The story of My Life
B:Out of the Dark
C:One million pound
D:A and BThe Real Chinese Food
In China, there're many different kinds of food. Some of them are very popular. Dumplings are the real Chinese food. Now let's talk about them, OK?
Everyone in China likes dumplings very much, and there are many different kinds of dumplings. Some have meat and vegetables in them, others have sugar(  ), eggs and so on. I like dumplings with vegetables and pork best.
Usually people make dumplings at home. If you have no time to make them, you can buy them in any supermarkets. Then you take them home and eat them with _ 
The Spring Festival is very important in China. When it comes, we make dumplings, usually we put a coin (  ) in a dumpling. If one eats the dumpling with the coin in it, he will be lucky in the year.
Now tell me, do you like dumplings?
Welcome to China, we'll ask you to eat the real Chinese food: dumplings.
The question is: You can buy dumplings in a supermarket when   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:you have time
B:you are happy
C:you are busy
D:you are hungryWhat do you think the future will be like? Here are some answers from some students.
Mary: If we don't take good care of the earth now, our children and grandchildren will be born into a world with much pollution . There will be fewer trees and more buildings, because there will be more people.
Jack: I agree with Mary. Things will be worse . The weather in the future will be much hotter. Humans won't be able to live on the earth. They will have to look for another planet to live on.
Linda: I think the life in the future will be better. Most people in the world will use "green cars" by 2020, so there will be less pollution and people will live to be 200 years old. As for space travel, I would say, we will visit Mars in about fifty years.
The question is: What does Mary think life will be like in the future?
The possible answers are:
A:There will be fewer trees.
B:Everybody will have a car.
C:People will live longer.
D:People will live on Mars.Mr.Jenkins liked all kinds of delicious foods.As an important officer,he was often asked to dinner.The shopkeepers tried their best to fawn on him.They knew it was good for their business.Now the officer got fatter and fatter.He could hardly go upstairs at home and had to sleep downstairs. He often felt tired if he walked or did some housework. He was  worried about it and had to go to see a doctor."Stop eating much fat and sugar,Mr Jenkins,"said  the doctor .Or it will be worse for your health! It was difficult for the officer to do it. He wouldn't do as the doctor said. Of course. He found something was wrong with his heart a few months later. Now he thought the doctor was right.And he had to be in hospital."You must lose weight ,sir," said the doctor."unless you want to die soon!""Could you tell me a way to lose weight,please?""You must do an exercise first.""Which  exercise?""To move your head from side to side when you're invited to dinner!"
The question is: Mr.Jenkins was afraid  _  , so he went to the doctor again.
The possible answers are:
A:to die
B:to be thin
C:to stop working
D:to do houseworkDo you want to know about my staying in America? It was really an eye-opening experience. In China, I had English classes five times a week. However, I didn't know how different textbook English was from daily English until I went to Hotchkiss School, Connecticut. When I first studied English, I was told to say "I'm fine" when people say "How are you?" But in America, I found that people said "I'm good" or "I'm tired." One day, someone greeted me with "What's up?" It made me _ . I thought for a moment and then smiled because I didn't know what to say.
To my surprise, American girls spend a lot of time in the burning sun. However, in China, girls try every possible way to get their skin whiter. I'm also surprised by how hard-working American students are. In China, schoolwork is almost everything, so we study hard. But in America, a good student gets good grades, does a lot for the public and plays sports or music.
The question is: A good American student spends his or her time  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:only in doing homework
B:only on sports
C:only on music
D:on study, sports, music and public workSam likes eating fish very much. He often buys fish in the shop and takes them home. One day his wife sees the fish and thinks, "Good! Now, I can ask my friends to have lunch and we can eat the fish. They like fish very much."
When Sam comes home from work in the evening, the fish is not there and his wife says, "Oh, your cat eats it." And then she gives him some bread for his supper. Sam is angry. He thinks his wife _ . He takes the cat and his wife to a shop near his house and weighs  the cat. Then he turns to his wife and says, "My fish weighs one kilo. The cat weighs one kilo, too. My cat is here, you see, then, where is my fish?"
The question is: How much does the cat weigh?
The possible answers are:
A:One kilo.
B:Two kilos.
C:One and a half kilos.
D:Half a kilo.Nowadays, computer games are becoming more and more popular in many cities and towns.
A lot of small shops along busy streets have been made into small game houses in order to get more money. These places are always crowded with people, especially young boys.
In the computer game houses, people  spend  a lot of money competing  with the machines. It's hard for one to win the computer, but one can make  progress after trying again and again. People have a kind of gambling psychology when they play computer games. The more they lose, the more they want to win. When class is over, the school boys run to the nearby computer game houses. Little by little , they forget all about their lessons and fall far behind others. Some of them can get enough money from their parents. But some of them are not lucky enough to get the money. They begin to take away other students' money and become thieves.
The question is: What will happen to the boys if they keep going to the game houses?
The possible answers are:
A:They will win a lot of money.
B:They will make a lot of good friends there.
C:They will fail in their study and even break laws.
D:They will live a happy life in the future.An unpunctual man never does what he has to do at the right time. He is always in a hurry and in the end loses both time and his good name. A lost thing may be found again, but lost time can never be got back. Time is more useful than material things. In fact, time is life itself. An unpunctual man is always wasting his most important things as well as others'. An unpunctual person is always saying unhappily that he finds no time to answer letters or return calls. But the man who really has much to do is very careful of his time. He knows that he can not finish all his work unless he carefully does every piece of work.
Being unpunctual is the sign of disrespect ( _ ) towards others. If a person is invited to
dinner and arrives later than the time when he should be there, he keeps all the other guests  
waiting for him. Usually this will be thought as a great disrespect to the host and all the other guests.
Not like a punctual person, an unpunctual one can't do his duty wonderfully, whether it is public or personal. Imagine how it would be if those who should do important tasks failed to be on time. A man who is known to be often unpunctual is never believed by his friends or fellow men.
The question is: From the passage, we learn that an unpunctual man usually  _  in the end.
The possible answers are:
A:saves time for others
B:leaves his family and friends
C:gets his chances and knowledge
D:loses his time and good nameHello! I'm Jason. On Monday, I usually wake up late and have no time to have breakfast. I can't find my books or my school cap. At last, I find my books and my school cap in the bathroom. I have to wait for a bus and I am nearly late for school.
The first lesson on Monday morning is Maths. I like it because I'm good at Maths.
The next lesson is French. I like French. It's nice to be able to talk with somebody in another language.
At last, it is eleven o'clock -- time for break. After having a break, we have two Latin lessons. There are a lot of boys in our class who don't like Latin. I don't like it, either.
At half past twelve, it is time for lunch -- a meat pie, potatoes or cabbage and a glass of juice or milk. Then I go to the playground with my friends, and we play football there.
After lunch, we have a History lesson. The History teacher tells us many interesting things.
After school, my friends and I usually go for a walk. I come home very late, and my mother is very angry.
The question is: When does Jason have a break?
The possible answers are:
A:At 10:00 am.
B:At 10:30 am.
C:At 11:00 am.
D:At 11:30 am."It's 8:15 on a Sunday morning," said the officer, Tidwell, "and this sort of thing seems an unlikely adventure  at such a time. Would you mind explaining?"
The man was astonished  at the voice from behind. He turned about and said, "I know what you're thinking, officer, but it isn't true. It's a very funny mistake."
"I think you've just left this house in a manner rather than the usual one. That may be quite all right, but I'd like to make sure." Tidwell took out his notebook and a pen. "Name, address and occupation and then, please tell me your story."
"Charlie Crane, lorry  driver, from Nottingham, 51 Brecon Street. My story?"
"Yes, What were you doing like a fly on that wall, Mr. Crane?"
"Well, I had a breakdown yesterday and had to stay the night here. The landlady's name is Mrs. Fern. She gave me breakfast at seven, and I was out of here in the right way and down at the lorry park by half past seven. It was only when I felt around for a cigarette that I realized I'd left $80 under the pillow  here. It's a habit I've got into. I even do it almost every day."
"I see. Why didn't you miss it when you meant to pay Mrs.? What's her name?"
"I paid her last night. You've got to pay when you take the room, see? So I came rushing back, but it's Sunday, and she'd gone back to bed. I rang the bell and banged on the front door for ten minutes before I came round here. Up I went this pipe  and the money was still there. You know the rest, and I hope you believe it because...."
"Mr. Crane, whatever are you doing here? I thought you'd gone an hour ago." It was Mrs. Fern.
The question is: What did Tidwell see?
The possible answers are:
A:He saw a man going to a park in a hurry
B:He saw a man bringing a pipe out, through a window.
C:He saw a man leaving a house
D:He saw a man trying to go up a pipeDear Da Peng,
Thanks for your email. And thank you for introducing  your Chinese friend Li Fang to me. You are the class monitor for this term. That's good. Work hard! Try to help your teacher.
My classmates choose me as the PE monitor in our class because I run very fast. My PE teacher and my classmates like me. They also want me to _ the PE Club. I think that is a good idea. We can play basketball or football at weekends.
Please send some of your photos to me.
Yours,
Mike
The question is: Mike is the PE monitor because he   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:plays basketball well
B:enjoys sport
C:does well at school
D:runs very fastThe world is not only hungry but also thirsty for water. This may seem strange to you, since nearly 70% of the earth's surface is covered with water. But about 97% of that is sea water or salt water. Man can only drink and use the other 3% of fresh water from rivers, lakes, underground and so on. And we can not even use all of that because some of it has been made dirty.
Earth Day is April 22. But on all other days, we must also remember how important water is. The water that we use is the most important natural resource on the earth. Today we face serious water problems. One of them is water pollution. All kinds of things from cars, factories, farms and homes make our rivers, lakes and oceans dirty. Polluted water is very bad for people to drink. And dirty water is bad for fish, too.
How do cars and factories make our water dirty? First they pollute the air. Then when it rains, the rain water makes our drinking water dirty. Dirty rain, called acid rain is also bad for plants, animals and buildings. Scientists say that in 30 years, more than half of the people in the world won't have enough clean water. We have to learn how to stop wasting water. One of the first steps is to develop ways of reusing it. Today in most large cities, water is used only once and then sent out into a sewer system  . From there it returns to the sea or goes underground.
But even though every large city reused its water, we would still not have enough. So we should make use of sea water by removing the salt in it. If we can take these steps, fresh water won't be used up.
The question is: The world is thirsty for water because   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:we don't have enough fresh water
B:a lot of water goes into sewer systems
C:only 70% of the earth's surface is water
D:sea water is widely used rather than fresh waterAs we all know, animals are our good friends. Many kids love animals very much. They like to go to the zoo every Saturday, Sunday or even every day on weekdays. But do you want to go to the zoo at night?
Usually, the zoos aren't open at night. But if you are in   Singapore, you may have a chance to visit a zoo at night. There is a night zoo in Singapore. Its name is Night Safari. It is open at night. Why? That's because many animals only wake up  in the evening, like tigers and wolves. During the day, they like to sleep, so it's the best time to watch them at night.
Is that interesting? Welcome to the Night Safari!
The question is: Where can you see tigers and wolves at night?
The possible answers are:
A:Every zoo in China
B:Every zoo in the world
C:Every zoo in Singapore
D:Only in Night Safari in SingaporeA Christina from Spain
On the last day of the year, the 31stof December, people wait till 12 pm. Everybody must have 12 grapes  to eat at midnight. At each sound of the clock, we must eat a group. But we can't ever finish eating the grapes on time! Usually when people still have some grapes in their mouths, they look at each other and start to laugh. This tradition started in Spain long ago. One year, when there were a lot of grapes, the king of Spain decided to give grapes to everybody to eat on New Year's Eve.
B Cordon from Britain
On New Year's Day in Britain, people have parties. At 12 o'clock, the music stops, and we listen to the radio. On the radio we hear Big Ben, the famous clock in London. Then everybody sings a song about friendship and kisses their friends. We say "Happy New Year" to each other. It's lucky if a tall man with dark hair is the first person to come to the house in the new year. So I go and visit as many friends as I can. They all give me a drink.
C Angela from Brazil
In all cities in Brazil, we have a big party on New Year's Eve, especially in Rio de Janeiro. People in this city go to the beaches to watch fireworks . We put flowers in the sea and think about things we want for ourselves or others. We usually wear white clothes for good luck during the New Year.
The question is: This article mainly tells us   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:what people in Britain do on New Year's Day
B:when and where people have New Year parties
C:why people in different countries like the New Year
D:what people around the world do on New Year's DayAs a volunteer teacher, I traveled a long way to a small village school in Longzhou, Guangxi. On my way there, I thought about the village, the school and the children there. However, _ when I arrived there. It wasn't what I expected. It didn't look like a school at all! The school had only three rooms, one for Grades 1,2 and 3, and the other for Graeds 4,5 and 6. There was a third one for me.
The children welcomed me warmly on my first day. They asked me a lot of questions, and I told them stories about myself and my life in Shanghai. The next day, I gave them a text to find out their level. To my surprise, thought the test was easy, over half of the students failed it, yet they all wanted to learn new things. I knew they needed me.
I was busy preparing lessons, reading test papers every night. I enjoyed teaching these lovely and hard-working children, and I could see that they were making progress with my help. I have also learned a lot from them. I understand their lives better, and we are now good friends.
I have worked in Longzhou for a year now. I'm very happy, and the experience has been very useful to me. I love the small village and the children. In fact, I would like to continue working here.
,.
The question is: The writer found there were only   _   rooms in that shool.
The possible answers are:
A:two
B:three
C:four
D:sixNeighborhood yentas are well--known women. They spend most of their time watching people around them. The yentas have this title for this. "Yenta" is a Yiddish word. It means a trouble maker or a talkative person. Nobody in the street is safe from their eyes or tongue.
Yentas certainly are not bad people. They pass on messages and advice. They give _ weather reports. They know who is doing what. They see,hear,and know all and usually repeat it. They have called themselves reporters.
Some of the yentas' neighbors think them so interested in others' things that they forget their own. Sometimes, however ,a child has to be found,or a robbery has to be reported. Then what yentas do are helpful. Every neighborhood appreciates its yentas very much. It doesn't matter what their color,belief or accent is.
The question is: If you live near a yenta,you  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:will not be safe
B:can't stop yourself from being watched
C:will be stopped when you pass by
D:have to pay for their helpMartin's Clothes Store
Come and buy your clothes at Martin's Clothes Store! We have pants, shorts, hats and more at very good prices! Come and have a look!
Clothes Price
black pants
blue pants
green pants $20
$18
$22
shorts ( all colours)   $10
hats (all colours)  $14
socks (all colours) $5
red skirts
blue skirts
white skirts    $12
$14
$11
white T-shirts
green T-shirts  $7
$8
red sweaters
yellow sweaters $30
$28
The question is: A yellow sweater and a pair of black pants are  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:$48
B:$34
C:$29
D:$36An earthquake may happen at any time. It's best for us to know what to do, where to safe and who to _ during the earthquake. The following information will help you.
Remember: Prepare your personal earthquake bag. Collect these items and keep them somewhere near you. Water, food, medicine, mobile, phone, torch ,personal washing things, blanket, money.
Remember: Drop, Hide, Hold and contact. Drop to the floor and protect your head and neck with your arms. Hide yourself beside something like a table, a bed and so on. Hold the furniture so that you won't move away during the earthquake. Contact family friends to tell them where you are.
Remember: Never do these things. Stand to the close to the buildings stand under the trees or signs because it's better for you to stand in an open space. Go too close to the power lines  because you may be badly hurt by electricity.
,.
The question is: It is safer for you to stand  _   during the earthquake.
The possible answers are:
A:close to a building.
B:beside power lines.
C:under a tree
D:in an open space.Passage 1  Mobile Phone Madness
How much do you love your mobile phone? A Chinese student had to call 110 for help this week after he got his arm stuck in a toilet trying to rescue  his mobile phone. After dropping his phone in the toilet, he decided to wrap(,) his arm in newspaper in the hopes of keeping clean. But the newspapers became larger in size in the water, and then even his roommates couldn't help him pull his arm out. So policemen were called and they spent an hour unsticking the stuck student.
Passage 2  Crazy Pet Lovers
How much do you love your pets? Many people in China are famous for how much they love their pets. They dress them up in fashionable clothing and buy them high quality food. But would they spend 7,000 English pounds (68,000 yuan) on a wedding  for their pets? And that's what a couple in Brazil spent on a fancy wedding for their pet Yorkshire terriers( a kind of dog).
Passage 3  Oh, rats!
When something goes wrong, you can often hear Westerners cry "Oh, rats". But when it comes to Southern China, "Oh, rats!" can mean it's what you want for dinner. According to a report in China Daily, some restaurants in Guangzhou serve rat meat. But, actually, most of those rats are field mice. What would Mickey Mouse say?
Passage 4  Liar , liar
Here's some news that most women already know. Men tell more lies than women. The London Daily Mail cites  a new study that says men tell about three lies a day, while women tell only two lies a day. Men are also less likely to feel guilty about lying, according to this week's survey of 3,000 people by a research organization called One Poll. According to the Poll, lying to our mothers is very popular. But then, so is lying at work. And both men and women will lie when it comes to how much they've drunk. So how easy is it to tell when someone is lying?
The question is: What is NOT mentioned?
The possible answers are:
A:It is difficult to unstick the stuck student.
B:The couple's pets are Yorkshire terriers.
C:People in China enjoy eating rat meat.
D:3,000 people took part in the survey made by One Poll.The Morning After Robot
From today's newspaper, I know that in 2014 you might get a Morning After Robot. It will clean your house after a party. The Robot can take picture of your room before the party. After the party, the robot will go around the room, and it will pick up bottles and trash. After that it will compare the room with the picture and put things back according to its original shape. Such robots are being studied in a lab at Stanford University. That sounds pretty cool! If we can see the robot and have enough money, we must buy them.
Robot Roomba
Mothers' Day is coming. You can give Robot Roomba as a gift to your mother. The Roomba is a great gift for two reasons. On the one hand, it's really cool as a useful robot. It can actually clean your floor. Maybe not as fast or well as a person does, but it is a lot more fun cleaning the floor by the Roomba than cleaning the floor yourself. On the other hand, it shows the family life is very modern.
The question is: What's the disadvantage  of the Roomba?
The possible answers are:
A:It doesn't clean the floor as quietly as a person does.
B:It doesn't clean the floor as clean as a person does.
C:It doesn't clean the floor as fast or well as a person does.
D:There is less fun using it.Today, we'll visit a place of strange and silent beauty. As beautiful as this place is, its name provides evidence of very real danger. We are exploring Death Valley National Park  .
Death Valley is a huge place. It extends more than 225 kilometers across the southern part of California into the neighboring state   of Nevada. Death Valley is a land of beautiful yet dangerous desert and mountains. There are mountains that reach more than 3,000 meters into the sky.
Much of Death Valley is flat and dry. In some areas the ground is nothing but salt. Nothing is able to grow in this salty ground. However, it would be wrong to think that nothing lives in Death Valley. The valley is full of life. Wildflowers grow very quickly after even a small amount of rain. Several kinds of birds live in Death Valley, as do mammals and reptiles. Many different snakes live there too.
The area got its name in 1849. That was the year after gold was discovered   in California. Thousands of people from around the country traveled to the gold mining areas of the state. They were in a hurry to get there before other people did. One group trying to reach California decided to take a path called the Old Spanish Trail. By December they had reached Death Valley. But there was a lack   of water and there were too few plants for their work animals to eat. The people could not find a pass through the tall mountains to the west of the valley. Slowly, they began to suffer from a lack of food. To survive, they killed their work animals for food and began to walk out of the valley. As they left, a woman in the group looked back and said, "Goodbye, death valley." The name has never been changed.
Death Valley became a national park in 1994. More than one million people visit the park each year.
The question is: The text is most probably from   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:a story book
B:a radio program
C:a science magazine
D:a news reportBlack is the color of power. It has the meaning of submission . It is popular in fashion because it makes people look thinner.
White is the color for brides . White is considered a summer color. White is popular in fashion because it is light and goes with everything.
Red is a hot and strong color. It can make the heart beat faster. It is also the color of love. Red clothes can make people look heavier. And red things get noticed more than things that are another color.
The color of the sky and the ocean, blue, is one of the most popular colors. It is often used in bedrooms. Blue can also be cold and make people feel sad.
Green means nature. It is the most comfortable color on the eyes and can improve vision . It is a calming color. Hospitals often use green because it can make patients relax.
Yellow is the most difficult color for the eyes to take in. Yellow is the color of sunshine. It is a warm color like red. On the one hand, it is the color of happiness and joy. On the other hand, it means fear and dishonest behavior.
The question is: Black is a color often used in fashion because it can make people look   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:powerful
B:relaxed
C:thinner
D:heavierToday there are 7 billion people on the earth.By the year 2050 there may be 9.0 billion.We will have a lot more people to feed.We need more food.
One way to produce more food is by growing stronger plants.For thousands of years,farmers have made plants better.Every season,they pick the best plants for the next season.It works very slowly.Since1983 scientists have been able to change plants more quickly by changing their genetic  material. Foods from plants grown in this way are called genetically modified foods ,or GM foods.
By changing the genetic material of a plant,it is possible to make new plants. They make plants which are strong against plant diseases. They can also help in our diseases:a kind of rice is being prepared,for example,which stops people from becoming blind.Rich countries produce GM foods because they are easy to grow and they bring in more money.Poor countries are interested in them because they help produce more food.
GM plants are not natural.No one knows how good or bad they are.Making GM foods is only one way of feeding people in 2050.But there are strong feelings against them,because they are unnatural. They may feed people,then hurt them or their children later.But both rich and poor countries are very interested in their use,and they are not going to die.In 2050 we may think differently about them.
The question is: What do you think of the GM plant?
The possible answers are:
A:It grows too slowly.
B:It is bad for people's body.
C:It can greatly help the poor countries.
D:It produces less food than the general plant.Alan is an English boy. Now he studies in Shanghai Yucai Middle School. He is in Grade Seven. He has a dog. It's black and white. The dog's very smart. Alan likes it very much. Its favorite food is bone. Every day when Alan gets home, the dog meets him in front of the house.
Alan's friend, Jenny is an American girl. She is in Shanghai too. They are in the same grade, but in different classes. She has a panda. It's also black and white, but it's not a real panda. It's a toy. The panda is very clean. Jenny often washes it in water. Where is the panda now? Oh, it's sleeping with jenny. Every night it sleeps with Jenny.
The question is: What grade is Jenny in?
The possible answers are:
A:Seven
B:Eight.
C:Nine.
D:SixMy favourite shop is called' Model World'. It is on the second floor of Happy Plaza, near to Pizza Club. It is open from 10 a.m. to 8 p.m. every day.
Model World' sells all kinds of models. It has model soldiers, cars, boats, airplanes, space shuttles and even dinosaurs. It has models for young children and models for adults  . Some models have just about twenty pieces, and others have over 2,000 pieces. You can also buy paints and glue   and other things there.
The staff at ' Model World' is very nice. They are very interested in making models. They will give you advice, and answer all of your questions. The prices are not low but they are not high. My best buy was a model of a helicopter. It cost $ 30 but it had over 400 pieces. It was really fun to make. If you are interested in models, you should visit this shop.
The question is: The model shop closes at  _
The possible answers are:
A:8 a.m.
B:10 a.m.
C:8 p.m.
D:10 p.m.All of the people have ambitions. An ambition is something we want to do, want to have, or want to be. A student's ambition, for example, might be to pass his or her exams. An athlete's ambition could be to win an important competition. A businessman's ambition is usually to make a lot of money.
Not all ambitions are about success at work, however. Some people just want to be good people, have a happy family or help others.
Ben's ambition is to be a sports writer. He writes the sports reports for his class newspaper. He likes most sports, but swimming and football are his favorites.
Trudy's ambition is to be a concert pianist. She is very serious about it and practices every day with her best friend Lily. It is very important to her.
Harry's ambition changes every day! One day he wants to be an astronaut. The next day he wants to be a pop singer. Then he wants to drive a racing car. His mother would be happy if his ambition was to get up in time for school every day!
What is your ambition?
The question is: What does a businessman want?
The possible answers are:
A:To pass the exams.
B:To win a competition.
C:To make a lot of money.
D:To get a good job.Once there was an old man in a town. He always forgot a lot of things. So his wifealways had to say to him, " Don't forget this !"
One day he went on a long trip alone. Before he left home, his wife said, " Now you have all these things. They are what you need for your trip. Take care of your things during the trip." He went to the station, bought a ticket and got on the train with it..
About half an hour later, the conductor began to see the tickets. He came to the old man and said, " Will you please show me your ticket ? " The old man looked for his ticket in all his pockets, but he could not find it. He was very worried. " I can not find my ticket. I really bought a ticket before I got on the train, " said the old man.
" I believe you bought a ticket. All right, you do not have to buy another one." Said the conductor kindly. " But how can I know where I'm going ? I can not remember my station!" the old man said sadly.
The question is: The conductor  _   the old man.
The possible answers are:
A:didn't believe
B:laughed at.
C:believed
D:felt sorry forNow children can do many nice things after school. They can read books, ride bikes, watch TV and play games. But boys like playing ball games best.
The children near my door often play football in the garden, and sometimes they break  my windows. One Saturday afternoon I stay at home and read a book. After a few minutes, I close my eyes and go to sleep. Suddenly  a sound  at the door wakes me up. Soon a little boy comes in.
" Not one of my windows again?"
" Oh, no!" answers the boy. " Your window is open this time and our ball is in your bedroom. May I get it, please?"
The question is: The boys   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:often play with me
B:often play football in my house
C:often come to my house
D:sometimes break my windowsAncient humans were afraid of the sight of comets . Many cultures believed that comets were messages sent by gods, and people thought these messages were warning signs for bad behavior. But today science and technology give us a better understanding of comets.
Last week, comet Ison ended its million-year-long journey as it flew straight toward the sun, melting most of the comet. It was hoped that comet Ison would survive this trip around the sun. Because once it got near Earth, it would have produced a great show of lights for us.
In ancient times, the coming of comet Ison might have scared people. However, now we can track a comet's journey in our solar system. We can also study what they're made of. There is even a project to launch a spacecraft onto a comet to study them further.
Although from the sky they look like great giant fireballs, comets are a collection of gas, ice, dust and small rocks. As a comet goes into our solar system, the sun's solar winds blow some of the dust and gas away, giving the comet a tail. The average size of comets is about 10 kilometers in diameter . But amazingly, their tails can be 150 kilometers long! Comet Ison's diameter was about 5 kilometers.
Today, people don't fear comets as much as they did before. Western countries have even developed and old tradition. When people see a comet or meteoroid  shooting across the sky, they call it a shooting star, People who get the chance to see one get to make a wish. It is a tradition that lives on today.
The question is: In ancient times, people thought comets were   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:warning signs sent by gods
B:lucky signs for good behavior
C:great shows of lights
D:flying sunsWhat do you think of a forest, what do you see? Just trees? Or do you see many other things, such as singing birds, colorful plants and wild flowers?
The forest is a whole of its own. It is full of many different living things. But even though they are all different, they have one thing in common: they all need each other in order to live on.
The trees feed the forest "people" by making food in their leaves; by using sunlight to join water and minerals from the soil and air. Their deep network of roots joins the soil together and stops it from dying out, making it possible for living things to live in it.
Human beings are like the living things in the forest. We need one another in order to live. We need the farmers to grow our food, railroad and truck drivers to bring it to our shops and clerks  to sell it to us. We need people to prepare our food and cook it and others to take our waste things away. Then, of course, we need doctors, nurses, government leaders, mailmen, telephone operators, and many others.
We also need other human beings in another way. We need people for friendship, to talk over our problems, exchange ideas. Think how lonely and unhappy you would be if you lived all alone.
Life is a matter of giving and taking. We need to help other people as much as we need other people to help us. Think what a good feeling you have when you have done something for someone else. You know, being a volunteer is so great!
The question is: The writer mainly wants to tell us   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:we need people for friendship
B:the forest is a whole world of its own
C:we need one another in order to live on
D:the forest is full of different living thingsWhy is music so important to children? Here are some of my ideas.
Music has a positive  influence on children's intelligence !
New research  shows that music can offer children an interesting environment. It has a good influence on children's intelligence. Children can learn, understand and think in a logical  way if they study music at an early age.
Playing music with others gives children a feeling of belonging to the group!
Some children might have trouble _ activities with others because they are shy, they have limited  language ability or they don't like doing sports, but they usually feel relaxed when they take part in a music activity. Playing music with others gives children a wonderful feeling of belonging to the group.
Music makes children happy!
Children seem to experience much pleasure in music. Whether they are listening to music, singing along with a song, playing an instrument or dancing to music, they seem totally absorbed(......) in music.
The question is: What's the best title for this passage?
The possible answers are:
A:How to Play Music with Others.
B:How to Play Music with Others.
C:Why Music Is Important to Children.
D:Different Music Activities.Are you sorry for not travelling during the National Day ? if you stay at home at that time, I think you are very lucky. why? because there are too many people everywhere. in many places of interest in China, it's too _ to do anything.
it was too crowded on the great wall on October 1st, 2009. you even couldn't take photos for you or your friends. all what we could see were people. it was reported that there were about twenty people per meter on the great wall. my friends told me they could see nothing but many people on the great wall. "we couldn't walk if the people in front of us didn't walk," he said. he showed us a photo on the great wall. in the photo, we hardly found him out, there were too many people.
so some people give the advice that we should not have the gold week   any more. but other people say no about this advice. what's your idea of it? Are you sorry now for not travelling during the gold week? I love staying at home more than travelling next National Day.
The question is: How did the writer feel about staying at home on national day?
The possible answers are:
A:He believed it was interesting to stay at home on national day.
B:He believed it was boring to stay at home on national day.
C:He felt lucky to stay at home on national day.
D:He felt sorry to stay at home on national day.If we are driving a car or crossing a street, we will stop when the traffic lights turn red. Why do we use red rather than other colors?
As we know, scattering   happens when light goes through the air. For the same media, if the wavelength   is long, the scattering will be short. If the wavelength is short, then the scattering will be long.
Of all light we can see red has the longest wavelength, so the scattering is the weakest. That means the red light travels far. In fact, it travels farther on rainy days.
Using the red light can help drivers in farther areas see the lights. It helps drivers slow down or stop in time. If drivers don't see the red light until they are close, they may not be able to stop the car in time. An accident may happen. Red can also excite people. We can act more quickly when we see the color red.
In a word, red light helps drivers stop in time and help prevent accidents.
The question is: Red light travels farther on   _   days.
The possible answers are:
A:windy
B:sunny
C:rainy
D:cloudyDo you like Hunan TV shows ?What do you think of them ?
A popular TV show may have 70,000,000 TV viewers . A TV show can make something or someone well-known overnight . That's why more than 10,000,00 women and girl of 4-89 years old watch Hunan TV's "Super Girl" show.
These "game" shows put ordinary   people on TV to play a game for prize   and money .These game shows can make anyone a star , and he or she can also get lots of money , so many people watch the shows .
"Super Girl" is the first show of this kind in China. It's so close to you. Everyone can join in it .
For the show, many girls stop their classes. "They hope they can be superstars someday. But the best way to success  is to learn more and work hard," said some directors  .
The question is: The oldest viewer in this show is   _   years old .
The possible answers are:
A:ninety-eight
B:four
C:eighty-nine
D:eightyDear Betty,
I'm your eraser Jill .This afternoon you lost me in your classroom. Simon found me and gave me to your English teacher Ms White. Now Ms White's three keys and I are in Ms. White's bag. The bag is yellow. It's on Ms White's desk. Please call Ms White at 718-0167 and ask her for me .You can come to the library, too. Ms White is in the library now.
Jill
The question is: Which one is RIGHT ?
The possible answers are:
A:The bag is on the bed
B:Ms White lost her keys
C:Ms. White is an English teacher.
D:Betty's phone number is 718-0167The owner of a missing cat is asking for help. "My baby has been missing for over a month now, and I want him back so badly," said Mrs. Brown, a 56-year-old woman. Mrs. Brown lives by herself in a trailer park near Clovis. She said that Clyde, her 7-year-old cat, didn't come home for dinner more than a month ago. The next morning he didn't appear for breakfast either. After Clyde missed an extra-special lunch, she called the police.
When the policeman asked her to describe Clyde, she told him that Clyde had beautiful green eyes, had all his teeth but was missing half of his left ear, and was seven years old and completely white. She then told the officer that Clyde was about a foot high.
A bell went off. "Is Clyde your child or your pet?" the officer suspiciously asked. "Well, he's my cat, of course," Mrs. Brown replied. "Lady, you're supposed to report missing PERSONS, not missing CATS," said the _ policeman. "Well, who can I report this to?" she asked. "You can't. You have to ask around your neighborhood or put up flyers," replied the officer.
Mrs. Brown figured that a billboard would work a lot better than an 8"x11" piece of paper on a telephone pole. There was an empty billboard at the end of her street just off the interstate  highway. The billboard had a phone number on it. She called that number, and they told her they could blow up a picture of Clyde (from Mrs. Brown's family album) and put it on the billboard for all to see.
"But how can people see it when they whiz  by on the interstate?" she asked. "Oh, don't worry, ma'am, they only whiz by between 2 a.m. and 5:30 a.m. The rest of the day, the interstate is so full of commuters that no one moves." They told her it would cost only $3,000 a month. So she took most of the money out of her savings account and rented the billboard for a month.
The month has passed, but Clyde has not appeared. Because she has almost no money in savings, Mrs. Brown called the local newspaper to see if anyone could help her rent the billboard for just one more month. She is waiting but, so far, no one has stepped forward.
The question is: Who did the old lady finally turn to for help?
The possible answers are:
A:A billboard company
B:The police
C:The phone company
D:The interstate telephone lineWhile we are still children ,most of us live at home with our parents, more or less peacefully . But as we become teenagers , things change ,and we begin to grow apart from our parents . This means we are almost ready to leave the house where we grew up and make a new home of our own .
All humans must do this ,but they don't all do it in the same way . If ,for instance ,you belong to a primitive tribe   ,then as you grew up ,you'd learn the skills you needed as an adult---how to catch fish ,how to keep the house and look after children . You would be ready to marry in your early teens and you would build a house and live near your family in the village.
This seems a very old way of life , but it is what humans have been used to through hundreds of years. And it is what we are still used to in the 21stcentury ,for man hasn't changed in the short time since he became civilized . But could you leave home and look after yourself during the teen years ? Most people would not do very well . Why ? Because although man hasn't changed very much , the society he lives in has changed greatly ,which means that we have to learn more and more before we are ready to leave our parents' shelter(  ) and live alone .
However ,sometimes it is very frustrating to live at parents' home . Parents can be very upset about late nights ,criticizing friends and always saying that we are noisy and dirty . But we still need our emotional   shelter till we finish our studies , and that is why we usually stay in our parents' home until we feel grown up enough to deal with living alone .
The question is: From the passage ,we know living at parents' home when we become teenagers   _   .
The possible answers are:
A:is always pleasant
B:must be very exciting
C:makes us feel lonely
D:may be annoyingDo you know that November is National Novel Writing Month (NaNoWriMo)? You can find the NaNoWriMo
Young Writer's programme at ywp.nanowrimo.org. It is a challenge to write a 50,000-word novel in one month.
The programmebagan in 1999 in San Francisco with only 21 members. Last year, more than 400,000 took up the challenge. The writers can choose what they want to write about. On November 1st, writers visit the website and start to update   their word count. They can communicate with other writers there as well. All the writers have to stop writing on November 30th.
Itis okay if you have never written a book before. The website provides lesson plans and workbooks for beginners. You can use them to improve writing skills in your novel. Then you can start planning what your novel will be about.
Are there any books published from the NaNoWriMoprogramme? Here are a few:
 The Night Circus by Erin Morgenstern
 Water for Elephants by SaraGruen
 Entrychats by Cecile Duquenne
Are there any young readers who want to join in this programme? If you want, we hope you can write the best novel. If you have not heard of NaNoWriMo, but you have a good story in mind, join us!
The question is: According to the passage, Entrychats by Cecile Duquenne   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:will be published
B:has already come out
C:is the most attractive
D:gets the most attentionAn American architect   was visiting London.He wanted to see all the famous buildings there so he stopped a taxi and asked the driver to take him to all the old and famous buildings in London.
The driver drove him to the Tower of London.
"This is the Tower of London.It was a prison   in the old days," he said.
"It is so small.In America we could build this in a day." said the American.
The taxi driver took the American to Westminster Abbey.He said,
"This is a famous church.Kings and queens  get married here.
The American looked at the old building and said,
"Huh... we could build this in two days."
The driver decided to take the American to a bigger church so he drove him to St Paul's Cathedral.He stopped outside the church and said,
"This is the most famous church in England.The great architect Christopher Wren built this church."
The American got out of the taxi and looked at the church.
"Huh.We could build this church in three days," he said.
Next the driver took the American to the House of Parliament.
"This is where British politicians   meet..."
"Huh." The American said, "We could build this in four days."
The driver said nothing and drove past Buckingham Palace, the home of Queen Elizabeth.As the taxi passed the palace, the American said,
"Hey! What is this building? I have never seen such a beautiful one."
The taxi driver looked at the palace and said,
"I don't know.It wasn't there this morning."
The question is: When the American saw Buckingham Palace, he   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:got a great surprise
B:felt very disappointed
C:said nothing and went away
D:said they could build this in five days in America.There are more and more fast food chains all over the world now. Most of these places work on a similar principle .There is a long counter ,above which hangs a list(often with pictures)of the items they sell,and behind which several people (often students working for the lowest pay) are working. Buyers form queues in front of each assistant. You receive what you order and take it on a tray to a table. If you can't see any knives and forks, this means you should eat with your hands. If you can't see any straws  ,that's because they are hiding in the straw machine and you have to press the button to get a straw. When you have finished, you yourself throw away everything except the tray. It seems that you should do almost everything while you are having food in this kind of restaurant.
Many fast food places have drive-in facilities You place your order from your car through a microphone and then drive to a special window to pay and pick it up. You may even find places where a waitress brings your meal out, and you sit and eat it in the car from a tray hooked over the door through the open window. What do you think about this king of food-serving? Everything happens in seconds as well as your lunch or supper. You have no time to enjoy your meal because you are eating fast food.
The question is: When you go to these fast food restaurants, you should
The possible answers are:
A:use knives and forks to eat.
B:ask the waiter to give you the menu
C:carry the food on a tray to the table
D:sit at the table and wait for the foodAt the shopping mall, you probably think about spending, not saving. Think about all the lights that keep the mall bright. Think about all the water faucets in the toilet. Think about all the air conditioning in summer. Saving energy is a hot topic for such a big place!
Many things at the mall use energy. Electric lights, infrared faucets and air-conditioners need electricity to work. One way to save energy is by keeping lights clean. More and more dust and dirt make the lights less bright. When  malls keep lights clean, they can use fewer lights and keep the area just as bright ,Using fewer lights means using less energy.
You step up to the  water faucet. The water starts to flow. You don't have to touch a thing. Why do malls have such fancy faucets?. The answer is simple. They save water. Sometimes people forget to turn the water off after they wash. Infrared faucets turn themselves off.
The...
The question is: Malls use infrared faucets mainly because   _
The possible answers are:
A:they save water
B:they are fancy
C:they are simple
D:they turn themselves offWhen you are feeling unhappy or forget how great you are ,there are six ways to make you feel confident  about yourself ,
1.Look in the mirror and say to yourself,"I am a special person and there's no one in the world like me. I can do anything!"It may not sound so good ,bur it really works!
2.Do something nice for someone. Helping others always makes you feel so good.
3.Smile! Be friendly to the people you meet. Look for the good things of your friends and family.
4.Learn something new! Do you want to decorate your own room or learn how to swim? Go for it !New challenges  are fun and give you a sense of accomplishment  when you finish them,
5.Keep a diary. Turn off the TV and let your imagination fly! Write down your thoughts, dreams or anything you want! Writing always helps to express your feelings.
6.Stay with your family. We all need our family time .Talk with your mum or dad or maybe even your cousin
The question is: What's the best title of the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:Do your best
B:Six ways to feel good about yourself
C:It's never too late to learn
D:Always smile at your lifeWe humans can play the piano . of course we play the piano with our ten fingers . But Teotronica can play with its 19 fingers . Teotronica is not a human . It is a robot . It is a special robot which can play the piano like humans .
Nattei Suzzi is the inventor of Teotronica . Matteo Suzzi comes from Italy and he is more than thirty years old . He was interested in science when he was young . He always likes to use his head to create amazing things . He spent four years making the musical robot . He made the piano-playing robot at a cost of about 4,700 dollars .
Teotronica is a special and great robot . It has more fingers than humans . It plays the piano faster than a human . Teotronica can sing as well when it plays the piano . It is the first robot to do so and many people feel excited to see it ,. Teotronica can even use its eyes to interact with humans because there are cameras in its eyes .Teotronica is amazing , isn't it ?
The question is: How can Teotronica interact with humans ?
The possible answers are:
A:By using its eyes .
B:By using its arms .
C:By moving around .
D:By playing music and singing .Hello,everyone!I'm Belinda.Welcome  to Yiwu. Yiwu is my hometown . It's a big and beautiful international  city. There are more than 2,000,000 people in Yiwu.There are four seasons here,spring, summer,autumn and winter.Spring is warm.Summer is hot. Autumn is cool and winter is cold. I like autumn because it's cool .And in autumn I can eat many fruits like bananas, apples oranges and so on .Bananas are my favourite fruit.
The question is: How many seasons are there in Yiwu?
The possible answers are:
A:one
B:two
C:Three
D:fourIn England, traffic keeps on the left.Cars, buses and bikes all move on the left side of the road.But the traffic keeps on the right in China.So when you are in England, you must be very careful in the street.Before you cross a street you must stop and look both ways.Look right and look left and look right again.If the traffic lights are red, the traffic must stop.Then the people on foot can cross the road.If the traffic lights are green, the traffic can go.People on foot mustn't cross.
In the morning and in the evening, when people go to or come back from work, the streets are very busy.Traffic is very dangerous  .
When you go by bus in England, you have to be careful, too.Always remember the traffic moves on the left.If you don't have a look first, you will go the wrong way.
In many English cities, there are big buses with two floors.You can sit on the second floor.From there you can see the city very well.It's very interesting.
,.
The question is: When the traffic lights are   _  , the traffic must stop.
The possible answers are:
A:red
B:yellow
C:green
D:we don't knowOne of Anna's friends has chickenpox . Two days later, Katie has chickenpox. Anna's mother says: " Your best friend has chickenpox . We have to keep an eye on you."
The next evening, Anna finds some red spots  on her face. The next morning, she stays home from school. She can't go to her grandpa's birthday party. She can't go to her soccer practice. She can't go to the supermarket with her mother.Anna cries : " I don't like chickenpox. I miss school. I miss my friends."
Then Anna's mother has an idea.
After lunch, Katie, Mike and Danny come to Anna's home--- all with spots like her. Anna's mother says : " Let's have a chickenpox party!"
All the afternoon, the kids play games. When Anna's friends have to go home,
"See you at school." Katie says.
"Having chickenpox is not so bad." says Danny.
"I know," Anna says with a laugh , " Can we all have chickenpox again next week?"
The question is: asks Anna's friends to come to her home.
The possible answers are:
A:Anna's mother
B:Anna's father
C:Anna
D:KatieMr Green is a teacher of English. He comes from America. He teaches English in China. He speaks English quite well.
He reads a lot of books and his wife Mrs Green often writes books for the students. He gets up at five in the morning. He leaves home at ten to six. He begins the first lesson at 8:00. He teaches English every day except Sunday. At ten to twelve he finishes his lessons. Ten minutes later he has lunch.
In the afternoon he often plays games with his students at about four o'clock. Sometimes he teaches his students in his room. Supper time is at about six. After that he reads newspapers and watches TV. At about ten to eleven he goes to bed.
The question is: Mr Green comes from   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:China
B:Australia
C:England
D:AmericaDear Nancy,
How are you? Now I want to tell something interesting. Last week we had a trip to Mount Tai. On Tuesday we went to Taian by bus, a city at the foot of the mountain. We had a good rest at a hotel. At about one o'clock early the next morning, we began to climb the mountain. It took us about four hours and a half to get to the top. The mountain is covered   with trees. I didn't see such a beautiful place before.
"Look! The sun is going to rise!" my friend Lim shouted.
We all turned to the east and watched. Soon half of the sky because white, and a big, red ball was rising slowly. A few minutes later, the sky became bright .
We stayed on the top and had a good time. After lunch we started going down. We got to the tour hotel at about four in the afternoon. Though we were tired, we were very happy. We came back to school the next day.
Thank you very much for your last letter and the beautiful postcards. Hope to hear from you soon.
Yours
Wu Tong
The question is: How did Wu Tong go to Taian?
The possible answers are:
A:On foot.
B:By bus.
C:By taxi.
D:By bike.Can you imagine a classroom without one thing that has long been considered a necessary part? No notebooks, no textbooks, no test papers. Nor are there any pencils or pens, which always seem to run out of ink at the _ moment.
A "Paperless classroom" is what more and more schools are trying to realize. Students don't do any handwriting in this class. Instead, they use hand-sized or specially-designed computers. The teacher downloads texts from Internet libraries and sends them to every student's personal computer.
Having computers also means that students can use the Web. They can look up information on any subject they're studying, from maths to social science.
A high school teacher, Judy Herrel in Florida, US, described how her class used the Web. "Using a book that's three or four years old is impossible," she said.
A paperless classroom is a big step towards reducing the waste of paper.
"Think about the money and trees we could save with the computers," she said.
But, with all this technology, there's always a risk that the machines will break down. So, in case of a power failure or a technical problem, paper textbooks should still be widely available   for these students.
The question is: The paper textbooks should still be widely available because   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:students won't have trouble with their pens
B:computers may break down sometimes
C:students may not get all information from the Internet
D:paper textbooks may give students more informationYou may not have heard the words "freshman fifteen" before, but they are very important for students who are entering university. A freshman is a first-year college student. "Fifteen" refers to fifteen pounds--the fifteen pounds added to a student's weight in his or her first year. There are a number of reasons why first-year university students gain (n) weight; but it's encouraging to know that freshmen don't have to add these harmful fifteen pounds.
Mistakes choosing food
University kitchens serve many kinds of food. Some students choose unhealthy food,because now their parents are not nearby to help them choose. Some students visit the kitchen many times while studying. Late at night, some students get harmful fast food such as fish and chips with Coke to drink. Students also have less time for walking, running, and doing sports because of their schoolwork.
Eating right
If you,re careful, you don,t have to add fifteen pounds. Here are some ideas:
l Think more about what you eat.
l Eat plenty of vegetables and healthy meats.
l Don't eat desserts full of sugar; have fruit after dinner.
l Try not to eat so much unhealthy food while you study.
l It,s all right to have a little fast food sometimes--but not often.
l Write down the foods you eat.
l Walk, run, do sports--move and you will feel better!
Remember that the "freshman fifteen" can happen to anyone. Talk to your friends about it. Together, try to eat healthy food and not to eat unhealthy food. Walking, running, and playing sports is always more fun with friends. Help each other and you can have a healthy and happy freshman year.
The question is: The main idea of this reading is to   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:get students ready to gain fifteen pounds
B:sell healthy food to new students
C:help new university students not to gain fifteen pounds
D:show the mistakes students make in studyingA popular saying goes, "Sticks and stones may break my bones, but words will never hurt me." However, that's not really true. Words have the power to cheer us up or let us down. It doesn't matter if the words come from someone else or ourselves -- the positive and negative   influences are just as lasting.
We all talk to ourselves sometimes. We're usually too shy to admit  it, though. In fact, we really shouldn't be because more and more scientists believe talking to ourselves out loud is a healthy habit.
This "self-talk" helps us make ourselves active, remember things, solve problems, and calm ourselves down. It is said that as much as 77% of self-talk is likely to be negative. So in order to stay positive, we should only speak words of encouragement to ourselves. _ . The next time you finish a project, do well in a test, or finally clean your room, join me in saying "Good job!"
Often, words come out of our mouths without us thinking about the influence they will have. But we should realize that our words cause certain influence in others. For example, when returning an item to a store, we might use warm, friendly language during the exchange. And the salesperson will probably answer in a similar manner. Otherwise you may get into trouble.
Words have power because of their lasting influences. Many of us feel sorry for something we once said. And we remember unkind words said to us! Before speaking, we should always ask ourselves: Is it true? Is it loving? Is it needed? If what we want to say doesn't pass this test, then it's better left unsaid.
Words have power: both positive and negative. Those around us receive encouragement when we speak positively. We can offer hope, build self-confidence and encourage others to do their best. Negative words destroy all those things. Will we use our words to hurt or to cure? The choice is ours.
The question is: The writer would probably hold the view that   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:it is better to think twice before talking to others
B:negative words may encourage us to make more progress
C:people prefer to remember friendly words
D:encouraging words are sure to lead to kind offersIn America, seldom do you go anywhere without hearing a principle called WIN-WIN. It sounds strange to me at first because throughout my childhood, I have always been taught to try everything possible to win an upper-hand, rather than to help other people win. However, as time goes by, I have gradually understood the essence   of WIN-WIN principle--it is the way of winning on both sides.
When I was little, I used to play Chinese checkers   which includes two basic tactics  : One is to create paths for yourself; the other is to prevent your rival  moving. Players may use these two totally different ways in the game, but the key for the player to win is to continuously create paths for him even if his rival may take advantage of it. Finally he can always reach the goal a few steps ahead of the other player.
In the 1990s, a strategy  called WIN-WIN became widespread in the western world. Its aim is to achieve your success while giving other people some advantages, so there is no real loser. One example of using the WIN-WIN principle is the voluntary system in the US. Most Americans support the spirit of voluntary contribution. In the US, schools and children organizations usually encourage and support kids to take part in community activities so that the voluntary spirit can be _ in their minds from childhood.
In China, it's quite usual that some people are too selfish and never take people's interests into consideration, while someone who really has courage to do something for the public is often called "foolish" or "silly". Actually helping other people can be of great delight for the helper, for he can also learn something useful for his life such as sympathy, care, devotion, etc. So only if you take other people's interests into consideration , you can make sure to win what you want.
The question is: What is the author's attitude  towards WIN-WIN?
The possible answers are:
A:Criticism .
B:Encouragement.
C:Disagreement.
D:Doubt.When my two children were young, we took a trip to Disneyland with their grandma. Although the park is about an hour car ride from our home, we decided to spend the night in a hotel, so we could spend more time in the park. In the evening, the famous Disneyland Parade started. My husband took our daughter and ran to have a look, leaving me with grandma and our son who was in a stroller  .
Because I am short, and grandma is shorter, we couldn't see them, and didn't know where they were. Grandma decided to find them. I told her not to, because I didn't want to lose her. But she walked off, and was soon lost. I made my way to the exit , because I thought everyone would get there, and they did. Then we waited for the hotel bus ----it  never came. So we called them. They told us that there was something wrong with their bus, and that we have to take a taxi. We finally got back to our hotel.
Today when I think of Disneyland, I think of that day.
The question is: Why did they decide to spend the night in a hotel?
The possible answers are:
A:Because they didn't have a car.
B:Because the park is about an hour's car ride.
C:Because their home was far from the park.
D:Because they wanted to spend more time in the park.Frank Brown doesn' t have a soccer ball, but his brother Alan does. They go to the same school and they love soccer. They play it at school with their friends. They think it's relaxing.
Gina Smith has two soccer balls, three volleyballs, four basketballs and five baseballs and bats. She loves sports, but she doesn't play them--she only watches them on TV!
Wang Wei doesn't have a soccer. He thinks soccer is difficult. He likes ping-pong. It's not difficult for him. He has three ping-pong balls and two ping-pong bats. After class, he plays ping-pong with his classmates.
The question is: How many balls does Gina Smith have?
The possible answers are:
A:Three
B:Four
C:Five
D:FourteenWe people have homes.Animals have homes,too.
Some animals live under the ground.The woodchuck lives in the holes under the ground.His home has two doors.If someone comes in through one door,he will go out through the other door.Some birds live in the holes in the trees.They come out for food during the day and go back to sleep at night.But most birds live iust in the trees.It's very interesting that turtles usually carry their homes on their backs.Bees always work hard to make their homes.Cats,dogs and some other pets live in people's homes.And we can see many kinds of animals in the zoo,so the zoo is also a big home for animals.
The question is: The turtles'homes are  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:under the sand
B:in the sea
C:in the grass
D:on their backsTravelling around the world is a dream for many people, but a young couple from China has made his dream come true. They drove along the ancient Silk Road, from China to the UK.
Luo Chang and Ding Jie, a young couple from China's Guizhou Province, spent two months drving from their home in Shanghai all the way to London. The journey covered about 20,000 kilometer, and they crossed 14 countries and regions .
Ding Jie said, " People were excited to see two travelers driving a foreign license car, appearing on their streets. We were stopped many times to take photos with them. Sometimes, when we couldn't understand each other's language, they would express their ideas with gestures .
During their driving trip, they also spent many nights in local people's homes. Luo Chang said, "This is an amazing experience. We were driving on a highway or a country road to someone's home. Someone you've never met but was already preparing dinner for you. We feelwe have friends all over the world.
During the trip, Luo and Ding took nearly 10,000 photos and kept diaries to record the beautiful scenery , the friendly people and the different customs on the way.
,.
The question is: The young couple covered about   _   kilometers and crossed   _   countries and regions.
The possible answers are:
A:20;000; 15
B:20;000; 14
C:10;000; 15
D:2;000; 14Come and see the Indian elephants and the new tigers from America. The bears are waiting to meet you, and the monkeys from China are waiting to throw things at you. The lovely dogs from Australia are waiting to laugh at you, and the giraffes from Zambia are waiting to look down on you.
Tickets
Grown-ups:$2.00
Children:Over 12 $ 1.00 Under 12 Free
Opening time
9:00 a.m.-- 4:00 p.m.
Except Friday 10:00 a.m. -- 3 :00 p.m.
!
The question is: Which of the following is the visiting time?
The possible answers are:
A:8:30 a.m. Monday
B:9:30 a.m. Friday
C:3:00 p.m. Sunday
D:5:00 p.m. TuesdayOnce upon a time there was a boy named Ankit. One day he made a painting and he loved it so much.
One night when he slept, an angel  came and blessed his painting that it should come alive. He was always lonely. He always wanted a friend to talk to and share his work and secrets. Next morning when he woke up he heard some sounds near his painting. When he looked at the painting, he was surprised that it was talking! He thought that his wish had come true.
The man in the painting needed food, water and clothes. The news of the magic painting _ all over the world. It even came in newspapers and in the news on TV.
One night a thief came to steal the painting. The moment he came in front of the painting, the man in the picture shouted and said, "Help! Help, a thief!" The thief got scared and ran away.
One day the painting said to Ankit that it wanted to be married. Then Ankit had to paint a woman. He made both the paintings marry and live happily ever after. His loneliness was also cured  forever.
The question is: What did the painting tell Ankit one day?
The possible answers are:
A:It wanted to get down from the wall.
B:It wanted to get married.
C:It wanted to play with him.
D:It wanted leave his home.Last summer, my family and I went on a trip to the China Dinosaur Park in Changzhou by bus. The one-hour trip seemed very long. We arrived at the park at about 9 a.m.
There were many fun places for us to choose from. We first went to the Crazy Firedrake Drill. When I looked at the giant yellow machine, I wasn't afraid at all, But when I was really on it, I felt a little nervous. First, the machine took us to the highest point. We all screamed  "Ah". 1 dared not look down. Then it turned around fast and moved very quickly at the same time. The wind was so strong that I couldn't open my eyes. I felt as if I would fall down. 1 couldn't stop screaming through the whole ride. It only moved for a few minutes, but it seemed to be many hours. When the game ended, I was too frightened to walk.
Later we took part in the game called "Crossing Jurassic ". After waiting for half an hour, we got into a boat. The boat went into a tall building. It was dark around us. There were many model dinosaurs on both sides. They looked like the real ones. From time to time. the model dinosaurs made some frightening shouts,  which sounded terrible. The game ended with a sudden rush from a very high place into a big pool. What an exciting experience!
The question is: When the writer looked at the giant yellow machine, he  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:wasn't afraid
B:was too frightened
C:was excited
D:was nervousDo you love having your own room? Do you hate to clean it?
Sometimes your room becomes so messy , and you can't find what you want. You can't even see the floor!
It isn't because you are lazy. It is because you are not arranged .
But don't worry. American writer Julie is here to help. She has written "Organizing from the Inside Out for Teens" to help make your life more organized.
In the book, the writer points out that your room is the only space in the world just for you. If you keep it clean and tidy, you will find things easier and have success in life!
But, to have more success, you must arrange all parts of your life. Not just your room! The book gives many _ to help you do this:
1. Always put things back where you find them.
2. Keep anything important in one easy-to-reach drawer.
3. When you buy a new textbook, put your old ones in a drawer.
4. Put labels   on your drawers saying what is in them.
5. Make a plan for each day. Then you will know what you should be doing at all times.
6. Keep to your plan.
If you follow these tips, you will learn to arrange your space and time. And your future will be full of success!
The question is: The writer thinks your room is messy because you are  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:busy
B:lazy
C:not patient
D:not arrangedJack's mother is ill. His father goes to New York and the boy has to look after her. He gets up early this morning, cooks breakfast for his sister and gives his mother some medicine  and water and then goes to school.
On the way to school, Jack meets Bob, one of his friends. Bob asks, "Are you late this morning, too?"
"Yes, I am."
"I'm sure Mr. Brown will be angry at us," says Bob, "We can't go to school."
"Where are we going, then?"
"To the zoo. There are many monkeys in it. We'll have a good time there."
"We can't do that," says Jack, "or we'll fall behind  our classmates. Mr. Brown is good. He wants us to be good, too."
Bob thinks Jack is right and they go to school.
The question is: Jack is late for school because   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:he gets up late.
B:he goes to the zoo.
C:he meets Bob.
D:he looks after his mother and sister.Taking part in charity is not just for adult people. Kids can do it too! Melvin Sheppard, 14, an American student, has done charity work for 8 years. He has also encouraged his classmates to join him.
Melvin studies at William Allen Middle School in Philadelphia. Recently, he collected $ 1,500 by himself and $487 from his classmates to donate to Cooper University Hospital.
Melvin was born nine weeks premature   in Cooper University Hospital,  weighing 2.6kg. His father told him how Cooper saved his life, so he feels thankful to the hospital.
Melvin's classmates joined him once they found out about his kind behavior. Their teacher, Michael Bemer, also held a class with them about helping others. "It wasn't really about the money," Bemer said.  "It was about the fact that they were doing something good."
"It feels great, helping someone that I know." said Jordan, Melvin' s classmate. Melvin's neighbors also helped out.
Since Melvin was 6, he and his parents have given money to Cooper University Hospital every year. This year, Gray E. Stahl, the head of Cooper's division of neonatology , went to Melvin's school to accept the money.
The money goes to a part of the hospital that helps about 500 young patients every year.
"When they leave, we call them graduates," Stahl said, "my co - workers and I are pleased when our graduates and their families do well, like Melvin and his family."
The question is: Why did Melvin donate to Cooper University Hospital?
The possible answers are:
A:He was a doctor in Cooper University Hospital.
B:His father worked in Cooper University Hospital.
C:He was thankful to Cooper University Hospital.
D:He used to volunteer in Cooper University Hospital.I try to be a good son, but no matter how hard I try, my parents never seem to be satisfied. They think I should eat healthier food, should wear cleaner clothes, and I should get better grades. And according to them, my hair should be shorter, my room should be neater, and my friends should be more polite when they come to visit. You know it isn't easy to be a teenager.
We try to be good parents, but no matter how hard we try, our children never seem to be satisfied. They think we should wear more fashionable clothes, we should buy a faster car, and we should listen to more beautiful music. And according to them, we should be more patient when they talk about their problems, we should be more friendly when their friends come to visit, and we should be more understanding when they come home late on Saturday night. You know it isn't easy to be parents, either. Do you and your parents also have such problems?
Well, why don't you take a walk and have a talk on Saturday? May 15th is the International Day of Families.  On that day, people around the world give thanks for good things about their families and work on family problems.
A study last year showed that many Nanjing families had the same problem like this. The children, 12 to 15 years old, didn't like talking with their parents much. They weren't happy at home. Of course, lots of kids have the same feeling like that. But you and your parents will be much happier if you can be friends. Parents are the closest people to you in the world. They love you just because you're their child. And they would do anything for you.
The question is: Why do people usually take a walk and have a talk on May 15th?
The possible answers are:
A:Because it is Saturday that day.
B:Because on that day, people around the world will come back home for a meeting.
C:Because both parents and children are very happy on that day.
D:Because it's the International Day of Families and people work on family problems on that day.Traveling is one of the most important things and people have been interested in it for many years. Modern traffic develops  fast. So traveling to different places has become much easier than before.
Staying healthy while traveling can make your trip happier. But do you know how to keep healthy during a trip? The following information may be useful for you.
Before traveling:
Wear comfortable shoes, a hat and sunglasses.
Take some necessary medicine with you. They can be used when you get sick or have other problems.
If you do lots of sports like walking or climbing during your trip, you should do some exercise for weeks or months before you leave.
While traveling:
Be sure not to eat dirty food or bad fruit.
Have enough time to take a rest during your trip.
Tap water is not safe, so drink bottled water and always clean the cover of the bottle.
The question is: You had better not   _   while your are having a trip.
The possible answers are:
A:wear glasses
B:wear a hat
C:be too tired
D:take a restWhen you travel in Hong Kong,you must be careful of the traffic rules,because the traffic keeps to the left and it's different from that of the interior of China.Before crossing the street,you must look to the right and then to the left.If the traffic lights are red,the traffic must stop,people can go across the zebra line.If the traffic lights turn green,the traffic can go,and people mustn't cross the road.
In the morning and in the evening,when people go to or come from work,the streets are very busy.The traffic is the most dangerous.
When you go somewhere by bus in Hong Kong,you have to be careful,too.Always remember the traffic keeps to the left.Have a look first,or you may go the wrong way.In Hong Kong,there are a lot of big buses with two floors.You'd better sit on
the second floor.From there you can watch the city very well.How interesting!
The question is: It is  _  to cross the streets in the morning and in the evening.
The possible answers are:
A:dangerous
B:interesting
C:easy
D:safePresident Obama   is very busy, but he has time to go to the school to visit students. He tells them about his life. He says that he learns a lot from his mother. He also asks students to study hard at school.
To help students to be better, President Obama has some good ideas  for them. First, go to school on time every day. Second, listen to teachers carefully in class. Third, do their homework every day. Fourth, don't watch too much TV.
Please do as President Obama says and you will be successful  one day.
The question is: What does President Obama ask students to do at school?
The possible answers are:
A:Do some sports.
B:Play with their classmates.
C:Study hard.
D:Learn from mother.I am not sure when I started listening to the radio. In the evening, I like listening to some talk programmes. The host's   beautiful voice makes me relax. The host often has the same feelings as the audience about love, friendship, life and so on. I am often moved   to tears. I usually go to bed at 9:30 pm and then I begin to listen to the play on the radio in bed. I can only listen to the sound, but I am always interested in guessing who they are and what they look like. I often fall asleep while listening. During lunch and supper time, I listen to the radio, too.
I like listening to music because it can make me quiet. I also like thinking about something while listening to music, for example, what I shall do tomorrow, that I have to call my family tonight and that I should send short messages to my friends on Christmas Day.
You see, radio is important in my life, like a friend.
The question is: Which of the following is RIGHT?
The possible answers are:
A:Radio is important in the writer's life.
B:The writer often talks to the radio like a friend.
C:On Christmas Day the writer must listen to the radio.
D:The writer should send short messages to his friends while listening to the radio.Please come to meet a family from Canada. The girl's name is Wendy. Her family are in China now. Her father and mother work in Shanghai.
Wendy's father is an office worker and her mother teaches English in a school. Wendy has two brothers but no sisters. They are all students but they are in different school. She is in Grade Eight and her brothers are in  Grade Six. They love their schools.
Wendy usually goes to school with her brothers _ . Sometimes their father takes them in his car. In the afternoon, they have lunch at school.They like to play with their classmates. And they often help each other.
The question is: Wendy and her brothers are in  _
The possible answers are:
A:the same school
B:the same class
C:the same grade
D:different gradesWe grow up, even if we don't want to. But hey, you're not the only one. Read this article. It can help you look at life the way you did as a kid.
Read a lot of Chicken Soup for the Soul----they have so many good stories about kids and getting the right feeling. Also try reading children's books, it helps you keep _ 
When you feel sad, smile. If you can, jump up and down, or move around until you feel sick. Act like a kid! But whatever you do, SMILE! This can help cheer you up if you feel unhappy.
Spend time with little kids. Although you won't be one again, spending time with them can make you smile more. If you have children of your own, great! Spend lots of time with them.
Think back on a time when you were a kid. Then, try to remember how old your parents were. If you're not as old as they were when you were 8, you will get the feeling that you are 8 again.
If you are a kid, take a piece of paper and write " In 15 years I am going to do." Then, put the letter in an envelope  and read it once every five years. This will make you feel like a kid again.
The question is: The passage mainly talks about  _
The possible answers are:
A:how to get on well with others
B:how to feel like a kid again
C:how to play with children
D:how to do well in our workLi Siyi, a student from Jinan Foreign Language School, takes up a new habit. She refuses to believe everything that she reads. "Not everything in books is true," she said.
Many other students in her school think the same thing as Li. They learned this through finding a mistake in their Chinese textbook. They learned a Tang poem, Ci Beigu Shanxia, last year. There was a picture that showed a boat in full sail on a river. "But according to the famous line from the poem, feng zheng yifan xuan, the sail shouldn't be spread ," said Zhang Jiayi, Li's classmate.
To get the right answer, the students turned to their Chinese teacher, Liu Yan. Liu and the students looked up books, searched on the Internet and made sure that the People's Education Press had really made a mistake about the picture.
The students wrote a letter to them about the mistake. "I think my students did a right thing but I never expected a reply," said Liu. "I took it as a way of letting them know the importance of spirit of questioning."
To their surprise, one month later, they got the reply from Gu Zhenbiao, the expert of Chinese textbooks in middle schools. Gu said sorry for the mistake and he also said he really thinks the students are very great.
When Liu read the letter loudly to all the students, everyone was excited. "We are very happy we have our own ideas!" said Li.
The question is: Which of the following is true?
The possible answers are:
A:Li Siyi doesn't believe anything in her textbooks now.
B:The students were upset when their teacher read the letter to them.
C:Liu helped the students find out if the picture was wrong.
D:The teacher knew the expert would reply.Peter:   What are you doing for vacation, Steven?
Steven:  I'm visiting my aunt in San Francisco. My brother's staying there. He's joining a club.
Peter:   Oh? When are you going?
Steven:  Next Friday.
Peter:   How long are you staying?
Steven:  I'm staying at my aunt's home for four days. I'm going sightseeing in San Francisco, and then I'm seeing all of my friends New York. How about you?
Peter:   I'm going to the beach and my friends and I are also going hiking for a few days.
Steven:  Aren't you renting video tapes and relaxing at home?
Peter:   No, it's boring. We like outside activities.
The question is: Steven's leaving   _   for vacation.
The possible answers are:
A:tomorrow
B:next month
C:next Friday
D:next yearHi! I'm Alan.This is my dream house .It has a small but nice room.Some pictures are on the wall.There is  a bookcase in my room.There is a desk and a chair in it.My schoolbag is on the desk.Oh!Where is my pencil case?It is under the chair.There are some pencils and a ruler in the pencil case.My shoes and a basketball are under the bed.I like my dream house very much.
The question is: There   _  in his room.
The possible answers are:
A:is a bookcase and a desk
B:are some desks and a chair
C:is a desk and a picture
D:are some chairs and a deskWhile you're in Shanghai, please come and take a walk round some of our interesting places.
Shanghai Museum
You must see this beautifully designed museum. It is a wonderful place to study Chinese art and history. There are ancient treasures, fantastic Chinese sculptures, paintings from all ages and many other things for you to enjoy. Pay to enter.
Open 9:00 am - 5:00 pm.(9:00 am - 8:00 pm, Saturday)
Yu Gardens
These famous Ming gardens are often rather crowded. Don't forget to try their delicious snacks. Pay to enter. Open 8:30 am - 5:00 pm.
Lu Xun's Museum
This is a great place for book-lovers. There are photographs of the famous writer, some of his books written by hand and many letters. A very interesting place for a few hours. Very cheap.
Open 9:00 am - 4:00 pm.
Shanghai Natural History Museum
Everything is about the natural world and science. You can study dinosaurs, hundreds of animals, plants, rocks and more, and see many unusual exhibition. Very cheap.
Open 9:00 am -5:00 pm.
Shanghai Art Museum
An interesting building, once used as a race club and library. Drop in and see the latest exhibition. There are shows by painters from all over the country. The museum also encourages research into art. Pay to enter. Open 9:00 am - 5:00 pm.
The question is: Which place is open the shortest every day?
The possible answers are:
A:Shanghai Museum.
B:Lu Xun's Museum.
C:Shanghai Art Museum.
D:Yu Gardens.When thirty-two-year-old tennis player Andre Agassi made to the final of the U.S. Clay Court Championship in April 2003, he set a new world record: he became the oldest player ever to be number one in the world's tennis rankings. It was one of the greatest achievements in Agassi's long and successful career.
Andre Agassi turned professional in 1986 at the age of sixteen. His career soon took off, and in 1990, Agassi was famous around the world, though never having won an important tennis championship. Many people thought he was famous more for his long blond hair and colorful tennis shirts than for his tennis skills. They wondered if he could really win an important tournament.
In 1992, Agassi proved _ wrong by winning one of the greatest prizes in world tennis--the Wimbledon singles final. His first attempt to win this tournament had been in 1987, but he lost his opening game. He then refused to take part in Wimbledon for the next three years. He said his reason for not playing was that the officials refused to allow him to wear his colorful shirts, but some people said it was because he was afraid to lose.
After several more championship victories, Agassi's luck began to run out. By 1997, the year of his marriage to a movie actress--- Brooke Shields, Agassi's ranking had dropped to 141stin the world. Many people thought his career was over.
Agassi and Shields divorced two years later, and Agassi made a comeback with a new trainer, a new hairstyle, and new determination. In 1999, he won both the French Open and the U.S. Open and ended the year back as the world's number one. By 2003, he had earned more than $27 million in prize money, making him one of the most successful tennis players of all times.
The question is: Which statement is right about Agassi?
The possible answers are:
A:He was always lucky to win the championship.
B:He was the youngest player ever to be number one in the world's tennis rankings.
C:He took part in Wimbledon in 1987.
D:His wife is a dancer.Dear Mr Han,
I just turned 12 years old, but I am very thin and not as tall as my classmates. My brother is 20 and is very tall. My father is also very tall. I eat lots of vegetables every day. I like eating fruit, but I don't like eating meat. I sleep for eight hours a day. I want to be tall. I am taking medicine. I think that medicine can make me grow   tall. My head teacher tells me that you are a great Chinese doctor. Can I grow tall? Do I need to take the medicine?
Yours,
Jack
Dear Jack,
I think that you can grow tall, because your father and brother are both very tall. You are still growing. As for the medicine, you should stop taking it. It is not good for your health. You should eat more meat. I am happy that you like eating vegetables and fruit. A balanced diet is very important for your health --and it can make you grow tall.
Yours,
Mr Han
,.
The question is: How old is Jack's brother?
The possible answers are:
A:Eleven years old.
B:Twelve years old.
C:Twenty years old.
D:Thirty years old.Arthur Robert Ashe Jr. was the first African-American player to take part in the international sport of tennis at the highest level of the game. He was born on July 10, 1943.
When Arthur was 6, his mother died. Arthur, with his father and his brother, lived near a large park in Richmond, Virginia. His father was the manager of the park. He took care of the park and made sure everything was right.
Arthur was allowed to play in the park when he was seven years old. He was quite energetic. A swimming pool, tennis courts, and baseball diamonds  were in the park. Arthur spent a lot of time playing there. He did well in sports, but he had never tried to play tennis.
He often watched the tennis players. Sometimes there were tennis lessons, and Arthur would watch even more carefully. The young man teaching the lessons noticed Arthur. His name was Ronald Charity.
Mr. Charity asked Arthur if he wanted to learn to play tennis. Arthur was excited and agreed. Arthur learned very quickly. Mr. Charity found Arthur would grow up to be a good tennis player. By the time he was ten, Arthur won atournament . Many older and bigger players came to the park trying to win the prize, but Arthur beat them. He became known as "the kid who could play tennis".
Arthur grew up to be one of the first successful African-American tennis players. He played and won all over the world.
The question is: What did Arthur do for the first time at the age of ten?
The possible answers are:
A:He entered the park where his father worked.
B:He copied tennis movements without holding a racket.
C:He pretended to hit a tennis ball back and forth over a net.
D:He played tennis better than players who were older than he was.A woman went into a shop one evening to buy a new blouse. A strange man followed her into the shop and stood about while she was at the counter. Suddenly she screamed and the man turned and ran out of the shop, right into the arms of a passing policeman. Then he was caught by the policeman because he was a wanted robber.
"Mrs Jones, if you hadn't screamed, I would certainly have been robbed," said the shopkeeper, "I didn't know it," answered Mrs Jones. "I screamed when you told me how expensive the blouse was."
The question is: From the passage we know that_.
The possible answers are:
A:the shopkeeper caught the robber
B:the woman was a shopkeeper too
C:the man ran away after he robbed the shopkeeper
D:the woman didn't know the man was a robber at allJoin us for an English Summer Camp in English !
Students between l3 and l8 are welcome to the English Summer Camp.
It's a good chance to learn about British customs and improve your English.
Eleven experienced English teachers will give you English classes 4 hours a day on weekdays.
There are also weekend visits to London Eye, the Big Ben and London Bridge .
It begins on August 8th and ends on August 28th, with the fees: Y= 23,000.
If you are interested, please come to the Children's Palace to register  You can also register by calling Jane Parks at 555 --2782.
Please register before August 3rd.
The question is: . The English Summer Camp ends on  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:August 3rd.
B:August 8th
C:August 25th
D:August28thI was in a shopping mall, so I decided to go and get a cup of coffee. As I was making my way to the coffee shop, I noticed an old gentleman poorly dressed sitting near the shop. I knew from the first sight that he needed help. He had a little lunch in front of him and was enjoying it. It was clear that he had a problem with his right eye. I then joined the line and waited to be served.
Then it happened. One of the most beautiful gestures  I had ever seen in my life. There was a young man in front of me in the line who was also waiting to be served. The next thing I knew was that the young man handed the waitress  20 dollars and requested a glass of juice as a favor . The waitress looked at the young man a little perplexed, not fully understanding the request. That was when the young man asked her to give the juice to the old gentleman eating his lunch outside, as well as the change  from the 20 dollars. The young man also told her that he would be watching every second so that she would be completely safe. Then there was a wonderful exchange between the waitress and the old man. I only wished I could take a photo of the smiles on both of their faces.
As I was considering this event later, I wondered why the young man didn't perform this act of kindness himself. Maybe he was hoping that this act of kindness might inspire  others to do something for this old man as well.
The question is: The old gentleman   _   outside the coffee shop.
The possible answers are:
A:was waiting in line
B:was eating his lunch
C:was asking for money
D:was waiting for the waitressDear Mrs. Smith,
I was a students of yours in Grade Six, and I hope you still remember me. I'm writing this letter because I want to let you know that the school year with you was important and special to me.
It made a big contribution to my life.
I know I was very quiet in your class, and you never said much to me. But you did something that made a big difference in my life. You see, all through my first year in school, I hated to read. Books were just words that had very little to do with me, and I was bored by them. I'll never forget the first day of Grade Six when you took out a thick book and began to read the story to our class. Your voice seemed to change with the people in the story, I couldn't wait until after lunch when you would read to the class. You read us all kinds of wonderful books.
During the summer after my year in your class, I missed hearing the stories you would read. So one day I picked up a book and read it all on my own. I found out that I could make the words interesting, too. I love to read! Thank you for opening the world of books for me.
Yours,
Jenny
The question is: How did Mrs. Smith teach reading?
The possible answers are:
A:She changed the story with the people in the books
B:She read aloud, so the students could remember the stories.
C:She read only the thick books to her students.
D:She drew pictures as she read.My cat's name is Lucy. She is a very pretty cat. Her hair is _ . She has four children. She is very happy with her young babies.
The four children are not all like Lucy very much. The biggest   child is quite black. It is black with white feet   and white ears. Two children are like their mother. They are black. My daughter says, "Aren't they pretty ? Can' t I have the black and white one? Isn't he a tomcat  ?"
I say, "I don't know, but I know the yellow and black ones are female   ." "Are they? How do you know?" "For   they are yellow and black. Tomcats never   have that colour. I' ll tell you something about that. Listen---"
The question is: The biggest baby is   _   with   _   feet and   _   ears.
The possible answers are:
A:black; white; yellow
B:black; yellow; white
C:black; black and yellow; red
D:black; white; whiteMost people will rest and relax when they are old. They do not work. And most people are certainly not famous. But Grandma Moses is different She starts a new job at the age of 76.
This is her story. She was born in a poor farmer's family in 1860. Her parents named her Anna Mary Robertson. She married Thomas Moses in 1887. He was a farm worker.
Now it is 1930. Anna Mary Moses is 70, and is a grandmother. She begins to paint pictures. She does paintings of country life. One day, her daughter takes her paintings to a store in town. Her paintings are put in the window. A man from New York sees the paintings in the window and buys them. And he wants more!
The man likes Grandma Moses' paintings. He wants to help her. So he takes her paintings to galleries  in New York City. Otto Kallir has a famous gallery there. He likes the paintings by Grandma Moses. Now it is 1940 and Grandma Moses' paintings are in Kallir's gallery. She is 80 years old.
Grandma Moses suddenly becomes famous. Everyone wants her paintings. So she paints more and more. She wins many prizes for her paintings. She becomes famous in the United States and Europe .
When she is 100 years old, the State of New York makes her birthday "Grandma Moses' Day". After her 100thbirthday, she paints 6 more paintings. She dies at age 101 and a lot of people think she is amazing.
The question is: Grandma Moses starts to paint pictures  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:when her daughter asks her to do that
B:when she gets married
C:at the age of 70
D:in the year 1940One evening Charlie was on his way home from the railway station. When he turned round a corner, he heard footsteps behind him and he thought someone was coming near. He began to walk fast. The footsteps came fast, too. He slowed down. The footsteps also slowed down. Now he was sure that someone must be going after him. He tried to hide. Still the steps followed him. He didn't know how to save himself, so he jumped over some tall grass and hid himself in a cemetery . He threw himself down on one of tombs .
The man behind came near. Charlie could hear the man jump over the grass. Thoughts of thieves and robbers filled his mind. Charlie stood up and faced the man. "What do you want? Why are you coming after me?" He asked.
"I say," the stranger asked, "do you always go home like this, or are you taking some special exercise tonight? I want to go to Mr. Green's and don't know the way. The station master told me to follow you as you live next door. Excuse me for asking, but is there much farther to go before we get there?"
The question is: Charlie went into a cemetery because he   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:tried to get rid of the stranger
B:got tired after a day's walk
C:walked too fast and lost
D:wanted to hide his things thereGoing to a friend's house is very exciting. You may spend time with a friend and get to see where he lives. So remember to be polite.
When to arrive
The first thing to remember is that when a friend invites you, you need to arrive on time. If your friend tells you to come "about 3:00", that means you can arrive before 3:05. But usually it is a good idea to arrive at the right time.
What to bring
Often it is also nice to bring something to your friend's house. This could be a box of chocolates for you two to share, or maybe a movie that you can watch together. You can also bring some flowers. A little gift is a nice way to show your friend that you are excited to be at his house.
How to greet
When you visit your friend's house, you may also meet his parents. You should tell them who you are and they may tell you their names. As a child, I went to visit my friend Paul. I called his parents by their first names John and Mary. But now I know it is more polite to call them Mr. or Mrs. Smith. This will show them more respect   and then they may tell you to call them by their first names. Another way to show respect is to call them Madam or Sir.
It is a cool thing to visit a friend's house. Be polite to your friend and your friend's parents, and you will be welcome again!
The question is: If you get to your friend's house at about 5:00 pm, it is polite to arrive at   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:5:02 pm
B:4:50 pm
C:4:30 pm
D:5:30 pmWhen I was a child, my parents often took me to an old house in a thick forest. No other children ever stayed there. I didn't even have the choice of playing with a brother or sister.
I could never understand what the attraction  of the house was, even for my parents, who enjoyed nothing better than to sit in silence with a good book. The woman in the house, my father's distant cousin, was a terrible cook and her food was _ .
One day, when I was wandering around the garden behind the house, I noticed a wooden house which had clearly been abandoned . As I walked towards it, I heard a noise, like an animal moving hurriedly away. Then I saw a man with a long beard standing at the door. I was greatly surprised.
"Please don't tell them you saw me," he said. "They never use this place, and I have nowhere else to live." "Don't worry," I said. "I won't tell anyone. But are you all right out here? I mean--do you have enough to eat?" The old man shook his head.
The same evening, I took a small plastic bag into the dining room and, while no one was looking, emptied some of the food into it. Later, I got out of the back door secretly and gave the food to the old man, whose name I had discovered was Taff.
I had never seen anything else as lovely as the smile of satisfaction on Taff's face when he ate the food. From then on, my visits to the old house had a purpose, and I enjoyed every minute of the rest of my stay.
The question is: How did the writer feel about staying in the old house at first?
The possible answers are:
A:He was happy to be with his parents.
B:He enjoyed reading good books there.
C:He was pleased with the woods.
D:He felt very lonely.It was Sunday yesterday. Tom and his mother were at home. Tom woke up late and sat on the bed watching TV. And he ate much chocolate. Then it was noon. Tom had to get up. Mother and Tom sat at the table. They were having their lunch. "The soup is not good. I don't want to have it," said Tom and put down his spoon  . Mother said nothing and took it away. After lunch, Mother and Tom worked in the garden There was much work to do, so Tom was tired and felt  hungry soon. His mother gave him nothing to eat.
In the evening, mother gave a bowl of soup to Tom "Oh, how delicious  !" said  Tom. "it's the same soup, Tom," said Mother with a smile.
The question is: Today is  _
The possible answers are:
A:Saturday
B:Sunday
C:Monday
D:TuesdayIt's important for us to be healthy.But how can we keep healthy? First,you should eat fruit and vegetables three or four times a week.Then eat sonic tofu every day because it's good for people,both the young and the old Milk is also necessary ,especially for women.So you should have milk twice a day.It can help you to be strong Next,doing more exercises is better.You can do morning exercises or evening exercises.After supper you should take a walk.
The question is: The passage mainly tells us   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:how to keep healthy
B:what health is
C:Why health is important
D:how often you can eat tofuChina has Mid-Autumn Festival. Canada and the US have Thanksgiving Day. Many countries around the world have harvest festivals. This is the best time for the harvest. Every year in the United States, Thanksgiving Day is on the fourth Thursday of November. But in Canada, people have Thanksgiving Day on the second Monday in October, because Canada is north of the United States, and it is colder, the harvest comes earlier in the year.
The harvest brings a lot of food to the people. On Thanksgiving Day, people in Canada and America like to have a big meal with their friends and family--just like Chinese people do at Mid-Autumn Festival. Many Canadians and Americans put flowers, vegetables, and fruits around their homes to say "Thank you" for the harvest.
The question is: _  and the United States have Thanksgiving Day.
The possible answers are:
A:England
B:Canada
C:China
D:JapanBuilding up a close relationship with friends in important in all cultures . But different cultures have different ways of socializing .
The Chinese love going to restaurants . Family , friends and co - workers all go out to eat as a way of relaxing . That is why there are so many drunken drivers in China , who could face criminal punishment .
Although British people socialize by going out for dinner , most people meet in pubs . They go there in the evening and sometimes during the day . Most people order wine or beer . Going out for a drink with friends or workmates after work is particulary important British tradition .
But for the French , the place to socialize is in cafes . _ are a central part of daily life in France and its culture . People will go to cafes at all times during the day . In the morning , people may go there to buy a newspaper and a cup of coffee . At lunch they may go there for something to eat . Then when it's evening they may return to enjoy a glass of wine .
In the US , dinner parties are a common way for friends to spend their time together . One person will host a party by cooking a large meal for a group and the guests will bring drinks or small dishes like desserts .
The question is: According to the passage , how do Chinese people relax themselves ?
The possible answers are:
A:They smoke .
B:They sing songs .
C:They go to restaurants to eat .
D:They drink wine .Every morning Tom goes to work by train. He has a long way to go. So he always buys a newspaper. It helps him to spend the time on the train. Tom likes sport very much. One morning on the train he is reading something about the football match. So he forgets to get off the train at his station. He doesn't know it. When he finishes reading, he looks out of the window. It's far from his station. He gets off at the next station. He has to go back by train. Of course, he is late for work.
The question is: What does Tom buy every morning?
The possible answers are:
A:a book
B:a football
C:a hamburger
D:a newspaperIt was a nice day, an old man decided to go fishing. But he got nothing.Finally, he gave up and went back home. He found the door open when he got home. He walked into his house and saw a big bear. The bear poured his honey all over the floor. His paws  were full of(...) honey.
The old man was very angry, so he shouted to the bear. The bear ran out of the door strangely. And the old man ran after him.
The bear ran to the riverside. Standing on his back legs, he walked into the water. Soon many flies  were on his paws. A big fish jumped out of the water and tried to eat the flies. The bear gave a swat to the fish and the fish flew to the riverside. Then another one... Soon
there were lots of fish on the riverside.
After a while, the bear went back to the riverside and ate lots of fish.He looked through the trees where the old man was, and then walked away.The old man came out the trees and found the bear had left six large fish for him.
The question is: The bear let some flies on his paws in order to  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:eat them
B:get some fish
C:give the old man some fish
D:get more honeyAre you carrying too much on your back at school? I'm sure lots of children of your age will say "Yes". Not only the students in China have this problem, but children in the United States also have heavy school bags.
Doctors are starting to worry about young students' back and neck because their school bags are too heavy for them.
"It's hard for me to go upstairs with my heavy bag," said Rick Hammond, an ll-year-old student in the USA.
Rick is among students who have school bags with two straps ,and many other students choose rolling  bags.
But even with rolling bags ,getting upstairs is still a problem for children .Doctors say students should carry no more than 10% to 15% of their own body weight  . 
Scott Bautch, a back doctor, said children under Grade 4 should carry no more than 10% of their weight and older children shouldn't stay with over 15% , because their bodies are still growing.
Teachers and parents should do some things to help children. And the best answer is to have less homework!
The question is: If a child carries a heavy school bag,  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:his back and neck may be hurt.
B:his head and arms may be hurt .
C:his hands may be hurt .
D:his feet may be hurt .No Car Day was first started by 34 cities in France on September 22,1998.It was started to protect the environment.By now,more than 1,000 cities around the world have had a No Car Day.
The first No Car Day in China was in Chengdu in 2001.Other cities,including Taipei,Shanghai and Wuhan,also support the day.
In Beijing,more and more people are joining the campaign.It asks drivers to leave their cars at home for one day each month and walk or ride a bike to work.It also calls on Beijingers not to use cars on June 5(World Environment Day).The _ for the day is,"If we drive for one less day,we can have one more nice day."
So far,more than 200,000 drivers have shown their support."We can't control the weather,but we can choose not to drive,"said Wu Zonghua,a car club chairman.Beijing is trying to have 238 blue sky days this year.In the first quarter of 2012,Beijing only had 52 blue sky days.This was 11 days less than the number for the same period the year before.Much of the dust comes from the desert,but cars cause most of the air pollution.We must do more for No Car Day.
The question is: Which of the following statements is TRUE?
The possible answers are:
A:China is the first country to start No Car Day.
B:No Car Day is World Environment Day.
C:No Car Day has been supported by over 1,000 cities around the world so far.
D:Much of the dust in the air comes from cars.Hi, I'm Li Ping. I am 15 years old. I am pretty healthy. I like doing all kinds of sports, such as football, basketball, running and swimming. Every morning, I get up early and do exercise. I play basketball on Wednesdays and Saturdays with my friends every week. I do my homework every day. I like watching TV, but I can't watch it every day on school nights. I only watch it on Saturday evening. I am neither fat nor thin. My eating habits are very good. I try to eat a little meat and lots of vegetables and fruit. And I never eat junk food.
Do you know me? I'm Zhao Hui, a 14-year-old student. I am a little fat. I like eating meat. I eat meat three or four times a week. I especially like eating junk food. I want to eat it every day, but my parents don't allow me to eat it every day. I only eat it once or twice a week. I don't like exercise at all. Sometimes, I swim with my friends because I like it. I know exercise is good for my health. From now on, I have to exercise every day.
The question is: Both Li Ping and Zhao Hui like  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:football
B:basketball
C:running
D:swimmingRose's mother wants to take Rose to the zoo today. Many kinds of animals are in the zoo. So Rose is very happy.
Rose and her mother go to see the tigers and lions first. Tigers and lions are scary so they lives in strong cages in the zoo. And they eat much meat every day.[:..Z.X.X.K]
Rose sees two big elephants and a baby one. The elephants are very kind to people. Rose rides on an elephant and she is glad.
Some cute pandas are in the zoo, too. They are a little shy. So people need to be very _ when they go near them. Look! Five giraffes are there. They have long necks. They are from Africa . They like eating grass and leaves very much.
,.
The question is: Rose's mother   _  , so Rose is very happy today.
The possible answers are:
A:buys her a new skirt
B:cooks nice food for her
C:takes her to the zoo
D:goes for a picnic with herChinese New Year is next week in January this year. Do you need great furniture for your room? Come and buy things at our great sale at Helen's Furniture Store. Look! Here are some nice tape players in white, blue and red for mothers. We sell them for only $20. For students, we have desks and chairs for $25 a set. You can buy big tables for $50 and small tables for $40. What color do you like? Sofas in all colors are only $100 each.
One interesting thing: You can buy great vegetables here, too. The vegetables are from Yunnan and Taiwan.
Come to our store. You will like it.
The question is: Jack wants to buy a set of desk and chair. He will pay   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:$20
B:$40
C:$25
D:$22There are all kinds of food in the world. Some people like the Chinese food. Firstly, the Chinese food has a lot of fruit and green vegetables. It has little sugar and fat. Secondly, the Chinese food is very delicious  and has many dishes. So Chinese people can keep fit and have white teeth. However, some people enjoy the western  food. Now many people, especially the workers in companies , are too busy to have lunch slowly so the western food meets their need and they can eat quickly. And the food is not too bad, too. It is a great pleasure  to try eating a different style of food. In my opinion, I like the Chinese food more than the western food. First of all I'm a Chinese and used to Chinese food, it can keep us healthy. On the other hand, the western food is high in fat, sugar and salt. If you eat too much these food and don't take enough exercise, you'll get fat easily. The western food is too expensive and "not good value  for money".
The question is: There are   _   food in the world.
The possible answers are:
A:all kinds of
B:three kinds of
C:four kinds of
D:only two kinds ofMiss Wang asks her students about their future jobs. Let's look at their answers.
Bob: I'm going to be a cool spy   like James Bond. I know it is difficult and dangerous. I will work hard and I look forward to studying in America one day.
Mike: I'm going to be a mathematician  , because maths is my favourite subject. I think it's very interesting.
Meimei: I'm going to become a singer in the future. I love singing. I hope one day I can become famous.
Lisa: I want to be a charitarian  . I will make a lot of money and help the poor children in the future.
The question is: What is Bob going to be?
The possible answers are:
A:A singer.
B:A spy.
C:A mathematician.
D:A charitarian.One day, I went to see my last patient, an old woman. In the doorway, I saw she was struggling   to put socks on her swollen  feet in the bed. I stepped in, spoke quickly to the nurse, read her chart noting . I was almost in the clear that she was not in serious condition.
I asked, "Could I help put on your socks? How are you feeling? Your sugars and blood pressure were high but they're better today. The nurse mentioned you're anxious to see your son. He's visiting you today. It's nice to have a family visit. I think you really look forward to seeing him."
"Sit down, doctor. This is my story, not yours." She said with a serious voice.
I was surprised as I helped her with the socks. She told me that her only son lived across from her house, but she had not seen him for five years. She believed that was the main cause of her health problems. After hearing her story and putting on her socks, I asked if there was anything else I could do for her. She shook her head no and smiled. All she wanted me to do was to listen.
Each story is different. Some are detailed and others are simple. Some have a beginning, middle and end but others don't have clear ends. Some are true but others not. Yet all those things do not really matter. What matters to the storyteller is that the story is heard -- without interruption  or judgment .
It was that woman who taught me the importance of stopping, sitting down and truly listening. And, not long after, in an unexpected accident, I became a patient. 20 years later, I sit all the time -- in a wheelchair.
For as long as I could, I continued to see patients from my chair. I believe in the power  of listening.
The question is: When the patient told the doctor her stories, what she needed might be   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:keeping smiling
B:interruption or judgment
C:listening without interruption
D:communicating with each otherWatson won his most important game and became Southern Chess Master  in 1977.He was given the silver  cup.
"It isn't rightly mine."he said,when he was holding the cup,  "It was won two years ago when I was on holiday in...."
"A family was staying at my hotel at that time.Mrs Prang,the mother,was told that I played chess;and she begged me to give her young son a game." "He's only ten."She said,Ive been told that you play quite well."
"Well,as you can guess.I wasn't too happy. A player likes the opponent  to play as well as he does. But it was holiday time and I agreed to play. We placed the board  in the garden. The game began .I hoped it would be quick-----and so it was."
"I soon knew that David Prang was no learner.After ten minutes his sister came outside and began to play tennis against in our game. He moved a piece  without care. I gave my attention to the board."
"Call me when you are ready,Mr Watson,"he said.
"When I was ready?" I looked up. He had gone off to play with his sister,I studied the board-----and found I was driven into a corner. So it went on with David;a quick move,then tennis,back to the board,then back to his sister.My difficult condition became impossible to change. I was beaten,oh,so easily,by a ten-year-old chess player. He was the winner--in twenty-eight minutes."
"David Prang:a name to remember.I had a chance to use his game today and it won this cup for me. To him,of course,it'sonly one of a hundred,or perhaps a thousand,winning games."
The question is: Which of the following is NOT true?(   )
The possible answers are:
A:Sometimes young children can beat adults in playing chess.
B:Watson thought he could win the game quickly,and so he did.
C:Watson learned something from David and won the silver cup.
D:Watson would never forget the name of the boy.The weekend is usually a time of rest. But today's Chinese teenagers can't rest during the weekends. According to a survey , 24% of the Junior students in Beijing have classes at the weekend. Over 40% of the Junior 3 students have less than eight hours of sleep each night.
Ji Ping, a Junior student in Guangzhou, has to get up at 6:30 a.m. on Saturday. Then she has a whole day of classes. On Sunday she gets to extra  classes for Maths and English. But she doesn't complain . She says that all her classmates work hard on Sunday.
Liu Yang is from Dalian. As a Junior 2 student, his weekends are less busy. But he always spends Saturday in school. On Sunday, after finishing homework, he plays basketball. He feels happy because he still has time to do the things he likes.
A few students are lucky. Yang Qing, a Junior 3 student from Zibo, Shangdong, is one of them. At weekends, she usually gets up at 8:00. Then she spends some time doing homework. After that she is free to do what she likes. "Don't push  yourself too much. Learning well at school is easy," she said. And she is a top student in her class.
The question is: Why does Ji Ping get up early on Saturdays?
The possible answers are:
A:Because she doesn't sleep well.
B:Because she has a whole day of classes.
C:Because she has to play computer games.
D:Because her parents ask her to do so.Cindy, Jerry and Mary are giving their opinions about a good friend.
Cindy: I think a good friend should be honest . That's more important than any other thing and is where a good friendship starts. _ 
Jerry: I think a good friend has to be generous. Here "generous" doesn't mean he has to give his friends his lunch money or his clothes. It means he should share  his ideas and feelings with his friends. In fact, his friends can know him better in this way.
Mary: In my opinion a good friend should understand  his friends. When there's something wrong between him and his friends, he must put himself in his friends' place and think more for his friends.
The question is: Mary thinks friends should   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:visit each other often
B:go to more places to play
C:understand each other
D:help each other do more thingsFour friends live in a small town. Their names are Cook, Miller, Smith, and Carter. They have different jobs. One is a policeman, one is a carpenter , one is a farmer, and one is a doctor. One day Cook's son broke  his right leg, and Cook took him to the doctor. The doctor's sister is Smith's wife. The farmer isn't married . He has a lot of good hens. Miller always buys eggs from the farmer. The policeman sees Smith every day because they are neighbors .
The question is: Who is the farmer?
The possible answers are:
A:Cook
B:Smith
C:Carter
D:MillerKids love playing sports. But boys and girls like different sports. For boys, football ,baseball and basketball are their favorites. They think football and basketball are very exciting and interesting, so boys often play football or basketball after school. Peter says, "Football is very interesting. The football players are often handsome." But girls have different opinions. They think tennis and ping-pong are more interesting. Lily says, "I like tennis, because many tennis players are beautiful girls. They have good figures. I hope to have a good figure, too."
The question is: How does Peter think of football players?
The possible answers are:
A:Cool
B:Interesting
C:Exciting
D:HandsomeToday, people want to be healthy by doing sports and exercise. But some of them have some wrong ideas about it.
"A plate of chicken is a good meal before games because it has much energy ."
In fact , the best meal before games should have carbohydrates  . Food like potatoes, bread, bananas are rich in it, but chicken and meat are not.
"The best time to exercise is early in the morning."
Morning is a good time to exercise, but it may not be good for you. If afternoon or evening is OK for you, and you enjoy the feeling of getting healthier, you can choose  any time to exercise. So there is no _ time for you to exercise.
"If you drink water when you exercise, you'll feel tired."
You must have some water during breaks   when you exercise. And after exercising, you must have enough water. If you don't drink enough water, then you may feel tired.
" Exercising every day is quite important."
Wrong. Too much exercise is bad for our health. You have to give your body a day of rest.
The question is: Which of the following is TRUE according to the article  ?
The possible answers are:
A:Don't drink water when you exercise, or you'll feel tired.
B:Evening is the best time to exercise because it's always cool.
C:You should eat enough meat  because they can give you energy before games.
D:Exercising too much is not good for us.My name is David Smith. I am an English boy. My family is in Hangzhou. My father and mother work here. My father is an engineer   and my mother is a teacher. I have a sister but no brothers. My sister and I are students of Nol. 1 Middle School. We love Hangzhou, and we love China, too. We have a nice house in Hangzhou. We have a color TV and a computer. My room is big. There is a bed, a desk and two chairs in it. My books are on the bookcase. I have a phone on my desk. There are some pictures on the wall. I like my room and I like these pictures very much.
The question is: There are   _   people in David's family.
The possible answers are:
A:three
B:four
C:five.
D:sixSally came to China last year. She is now living in Beijing and works in a computer company. She has been in the company for six months. The company is in the north of the city, and her flat is in the south. But Sally has never been late for work.
Sally is very popular in the company. She is kind to everybody and gets on well with her workmates. They often visit each other after work and talk about almost everything.
However, Sally has made a decision to leave the company. She is going to find a job as a tour guide. "If I work as a tour guide, I'll be able to meet more people and learn more about China," she told her friends.
Last Friday Sally had a talk with the manager of a travel agency. He seemed pleased with her Chinese. At the end of the talk, the manager said, "I'll call you up in a week and tell you the result." Now Sally is waiting for the answer.
The question is: Sally is   _   for work.
The possible answers are:
A:never on time
B:always late
C:always on time
D:sometimes lateDear Eric,
How are you? This is a picture of my room. You can see a nice computer on my desk. It is my birthday present  from my uncle. A tape player is next to   the computer, and some tapes are on the computer. My school-bag is on the chair. My pencil-box and two books are in the schoolbag. And you can see a set of keys in the schoolbag, too. My bed is blue, and my green quilt is on it. Under the bed, you can see a baseball, and I can play it well. My books are in the bookcase, and my white model plane is in it, too. My room is tidy, isn't it?
Do you have a room? Can I have a picture of your room?
Yours,
Liu Peng
The question is: What isn't in the schoolbag?
The possible answers are:
A:A notebook
B:A pencil-box
C:Two books
D:A set of keysDear Li Ming,
I've been in England for two months now. I hope you don't think I have forgotten you. There have been so many places to see and so many things to do that I've not had much time to write letters. I will soon be starting my studies at King's College. So far I've been learning about England and British ways of living. I will tell you about London. One great thing about it is that it has lots of books you can read and lots of pictures you can look at. I am sure you'll be more interested to know what I think about the life here.
I found some of the customs new and interesting. People here don't shake hands as much as we do in Germany. During the first few weeks I was often surprised because people didn't put out their hands when I met them. Men raise their hats to women but not to each other.
Wang Gang
The question is: The writer came to London from  _
The possible answers are:
A:Germany
B:China
C:India
D:AmericaDo you like traveling? How can you make your trip interesting? Here's some advice.
Read!
Before you leave, you should find some information about the place, such as its geography, history and people. You can introduce that place better by reading.
Take photos!
If you want to take some photos, remember to choose the most special sights. Don't choose the sight you can see in other places. For example, Qingdao and Ningbo are _ cities, so don't only take photos of the sea. You should take photos of something else, too.
Taste!
You'd better taste some specials  in the area. Food in some places is very delicious. So why not taste it? Maybe you have just one chance to taste it in your life.
Write!
When you visit a place, you should take a pen and a notebook, so you can write down what you see and what you think during the trip.
The question is: Before we travel to a place, we should  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:learn something about it
B:decide which hotel to stay at
C:decide when to leave
D:Know which bus to takeRunning is becoming popular these days. Many of us run for our health. Doctors say many of the health problems come from these bad habits: eating too much, drinking too much, smoking too much and not having enough exercise. Doctors tell us, "Eat less, don't smoke, and exercise more."
Running is good exercise because it helps build a strong heart. It also helps most people lose _ . One 68-year-old woman runs three times a week. She runs to lose weight. "I love to eat," she says.
Running is good for our health in other ways, too. Many runners say running makes colds and other small health problems go away. "Running is my doctor," says one man.
Running can also help people to relax. So today men and women of all ages enjoy running.
The question is: What bad habits do the health problem come from?
The possible answers are:
A:Eating too much.
B:Drinking too much.
C:Smoking cigarettes and not having enough exercise
D:All the aboveIf you want to make friends, what should you do?
Steps:
Try to look on the bright side of things.
Look for groups in your area that do something you are interested in. Maybe you will learn some new skills and meet some people who have many things in common with you.
Tips(,):
 _ your friends at least once a week by telephone or e-mail, or by visiting them to find out how they are. Remember important things about them such as birthdays and weddings .
If you have an argument with your friends, say sorry first.
Remember never to leave old friends just because you have made some new ones.
Listen to others carefully. It's better to be a good listener.
Be different. Don't try to change others through your own ideas.
Warnings:
Never ask or give away  a friend's secret.
Don't be afraid to stand up for what is right.
You'd better not give your ID number, phone number or your home address to people that you have just made friends with.
,A, B, C, D,. (10)
The question is: Which of the following is NOT right according to the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:Listen to your friends carefully and keep their secrets.
B:To keep in touch with your new friends, you'd better tell them your phone number or address.
C:If you have an argument with your good friend, you'd better say sorry to him or her first.
D:When you want to make more friends, you should look on the bright side first.Allen Iverson, the 31-year-old man, has become the most exciting player in the NBA. At 1.83 meters tall, he is as fast as lightening and no one can stop him. However, Allen used to be the trouble maker that the NBA did not want.
Born to a single mother, Allen had a very hard childhood. He grew up on dangerous blocks in the US. Sometimes his house had no electricity, hot water or lights. He sometimes stayed with his friends in his teenage life and a couple of times he even stayed in a shelter . Because of his terrible childhood, Iverson became as tough  as his friends .
Allen was always a trouble maker. When he was in high school, he was once put in jail  for throwing a chair to a white girl. Later on, he was put in jail a second time because of fast driving. When he was on the school basketball team, he didn't like practicing and even laughed at his coach. Because of the troubles he had made, the NBA at first didn't want him.
He was a talented basketball player but with bad behavior. Allen realized that he wouldn't win any championship or be the top if he didn't change himself. He looked at himself in the mirror and asked, "Who is Allen Iverson?" In this way he changed himself. Over the years, he has changed and become a leader. "If you're getting older and not getting smarter, something is wrong," said Iverson. On November 6, he was named the Eastern Conference Players of the Week . Now he has become many people's idol. "I've become matured ," he said. " _ "
The question is: What's the best title for this passage?
The possible answers are:
A:A Successful Basketball Player
B:A Trouble Maker
C:From a Bad Boy to an Idol
D:Allen's Hard Childhood.The olive tree probably first grew in southern Asia. And then it spread to Mediterranean countries about 6,000 years ago. Since then, it has been important in Mediterranean people's lives.
The olive tree grows in rocky places and it doesn't need much water. Its fruit can be made into olive oil. People have used olive oil to cook dishes for centuries. But they haven't only used it for cooking. Some ancient cultures believed that it was useful as medicine. In modern times, people still use olive oil both for its taste and its health advantages.
Olive oil has also been an important product in the business and culture of Mediterranean countries. In ancient Greece, for example, anyone who cut down an olive tree was heavily punished. Winners at the Olympic Games wore wreaths . They were made of olive branches . Sometimes winners were also given a prize of olive oil. People from Greece built ships so that they could use olive oil for trade. But it was the Romans who grew the olive tree in the rest of southern Europe and northern Africa.
Today, olive oil is still a very valuable product, and many different kinds of olive oil are sold in countries all over the world.
The question is: Where did the olive tree probably first grow?
The possible answers are:
A:In Asia.
B:In Africa.
C:In Europe.
D:In America.Do you have to carry a heavy bag to school? Does it make your back   hurt? Well, students at a high school in Kansas  , America, have a meeting with their city's mayor  to complain   about their heavy bags. They say their bags are giving them headaches , and making their necks   and backs hurt. The mayor says he is very sorry. He says students may do more of their homework on the Internet.
The question is: Kansas is in  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:China
B:America
C:Australia
D:CanadaMrs. Black is such a heavy woman in the world that one day she goes to see the doctor.
The doctor tells her that she should eat more vegetables and less meat. So the next morning she only has an egg and a glass of milk for breakfast. And she has some rice and vegetables for lunch.
In the evening, she feels very hungry. She begins to cook supper. She makes some hamburgers with chicken. She puts a little chicken and lots of vegetables in each hamburger. She has five hamburgers for supper. After that, she feels better and goes to bed. After a week, she goes to see the doctor again. The doctor is so surprised to find that she is heavier. But Mrs. Black tells him that she has more vegetables and less meat every day!
The question is: Which of the following food is not mentioned   in the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:Milk.
B:Vegetables.
C:Ice cream.
D:Chicken.The rainbow lorikeet   is a kind of parrot in the northeast of Australia. It is the most colorful and noisy bird in the world. The bird has green, orange, blue, red, yellow, purple and grey colors on its body.
Rainbow lorikeets are small birds. They are usually 11 to 12 inches long and weigh 120g to 140g. It is said that they can live for over 20 years in the wild.
They usually live in groups. At night, they sleep in the trees in a big group. But during the daytime, they move in much smaller groups (about 20 birds). Late in the evening, you can sometimes see a larger group flying back home.
These birds spend a lot of time looking for food. Most of their food comes from trees, like flowers, nuts and fruit. But sometimes they eat insects. They can get water from the leaves that they eat or drink water directly.
Rainbow lorikeets usually start to have families when they are around two years old. When they have baby birds, both the parents help to feed them.
The question is: What is the best title for this passage?
The possible answers are:
A:Birds in Group
B:Birds from Australia
C:The Rainbow Lorikeets
D:The Smallest Bird in the WorldNowadays, lots of students in Shenzhen complain that they have too much homework. Because of this, they feel unhappy about learning at school. According to a survey, a pupil has to spend two hours finishing the homework every day. It usually takes three hours for a middle school student and four hours for a high school student to finish the homework every day. Students in Grade Nine often do their homework until midnight. And all of them have to get up at as early as six o'clock the next morning.
Mr. Li, a doctor in a hospital, told me yesterday, "Half of the students in Shenzhen are sub-healthy . The lack   of sleep makes them tired and their health is becoming poorer and poorer." Many parents worry about _ .
The question is: Mr. Li said   _   of the students in Shenzhen were sub-healthy.
The possible answers are:
A:all
B:half
C:few
D:noneWhen I was young,I liked to play jokes on people I knew, especially on my parents and friends. One day my mother was cooking and I was playing with my younger brother Tony. Suddenly I ran to my mother and said: "Tony fell from the open window!" She was very worried and ran out of the kitchen. Then I said: "Don't worry, I'm just joking." My mother shouted at me, "If you do it again, I'll hit you."
Another day I went swimming with my friends in the sea. I wanted to play a joke on them. In the beginning I swam fast and I called out "Help!". All my friends came to help me. However, they found that I was joking. But half an hour later I wasn't joking. I was so fast, soon I got tired and couldn't swim on in water. I tried my best to call my friends for help, but this time nobody came to help me.
In the end they found I was telling the truth. They came and saved my life. They took me to the hospital. This is the best lesson in my life. From then on I haven't joked on anyone.
The question is: What happened when the writer was playing with his brother?      _
The possible answers are:
A:He got tired.
B:He played a joke on his mother.
C:Tony fell from the open window.
D:His mother hit him.How did your parents celebrate when you were born? Of course you can't remember, but they can. They have photos or videos from a ceremony of some kind.
In the United States, the proud parents of a new baby often put something on their front door. It's an exciting time for them, and they want to share the good news with their neighbors. For example, they put balloons on their door. Pink balloons mean the baby is a girl. Blue ones are for boys.
People around the world often celebrate a new baby's birth with some kinds of ceremonies, perhaps a religious ceremony. This perhaps takes place when a baby is a few days or weeks old. Take what people do in Mexico as an example, many new parents dress their babies in special clothes take them to church.In some African countries, the family plants a tree near the house. In Korea, there is a traditional ceremony on the baby's 100th day. And it's the same in China. On that day, all family members and friends get together to have a big meal, with all the best wishes that the baby will grow up happily and healthily.
The parents of new babies often receive presents. In the United States, friends send cards, flowers or baby clothes. In China, family members and friends give money or presents.
Presents, celebrations---these are great, but what do most new parents really need? More sleep!
The question is: The best title of this passage is probably"   _   ".
The possible answers are:
A:Photos and Videos of a New Baby's Birth
B:Proud Parents of a New Baby
C:Ways of Celebrating a New Baby's Birth
D:Presents for Parents of a New BabyJudie is a good student. She usually gets up at half past six in the morning. She does morning exercises   for half an hour. Then she reads English from 7:00 a. m. to 7:30 a. m. She has breakfast at home. She goes to school at 7:45 a. m. She has four classes in the morning. She usually has lunch at school, but on Sundays she has lunch at home with her family. She has three classes in the afternoon. She goes home at 5:00 p.m. She usually has dinner at about 6:00 p.m. Then she does her homework from 7:00 p.m. to 9:00 p.m. She doesn't like watching TV in the evening.
The question is: Where does Judie usually have lunch?
The possible answers are:
A:At home.
B:At school.
C:At a restaurant.
D:In the office.Cause and effect is one way to explain things that happen around us. Many things happen because something caused or influenced them to happen. Sometimes it is hard to look at a cause and find out what caused or influenced them to happen. Sometimes it is hard to look at a cause and find out what causes the effect. It may help you to start with the effect and use your reasoning  skills. Think about all the things you know that could be reasons for the effect you can see.
For example, you may see someone putting on a heavy jacket. This is the effect. To look for a cause, think to yourself, "What would take someone put on a heavy jacket?" Maybe the person is going outside into very cold weather. Maybe the person works in the penguin pen  at Sea World. Maybe the person is going to visit an ice skating rink where the air is kept very cold. All of these things could be a cause for putting on a heavy jacket.
Now, think about a second example. The effect is a boy named Abi has to go to the head teacher's office. What are the possible causes? Maybe he bullied  another student. Maybe he is just being picked up early. Maybe he is being given a prize!
Here is another example for you to think about its cause and effect. Cait, 13, was trying to fall asleep when her 8-year-old brother, Doug, came into her room. He looked around a bit, but seemed really out of it. Then Doug went back into the hallway and stood there looking straight up at the hall light for quite a while. Little brothers can be very strange, but this was really much too strange. Cait's father appeared and explained that Doug was sleepwalking. What's the cause end effect, could you tell?
,.
The question is: Abi has to go to the head teacher's office. Which of the following isn't the possible cause?
The possible answers are:
A:He bullied another student.
B:He is going shopping.
C:His is being picking up early.
D:He is being given a prize.Mr. Smith lives in Toronto. He is a doctor. His wife teaches English in a middle school. They have two children, one is a son called Mike and the other is a daughter. She is only three months. Mike loves the baby very much. He often shows her to the guests. He is young and doesn't go to school. He stays at home to help his mother look after the baby.
One day Mike's aunt comes to see the baby. She works in another city and sees the baby foe the first time. Mike shows the baby to his aunt.
"Look at the baby, Aunt;" says Mike, "She's beautiful. I think she looks like me."
"Does she like playing with you?" asks his aunt.
"I don't know," answers the boy, "She can't speak yet."
The question is: Mike is   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:an American
B:an Australian
C:an Englishman
D:a CanadianMy name's Mary. This is my family tree. These are my parents. Their names are Bill and Grace Brown. Those are my grandparents. Their names are Hery and Linda Brown. This is my uncle. His name is John. That boy is my brother. His name is Tony. This is Susan. She is my uncle's daughter.
,. (2,10)
The question is: Bill is John's   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:father
B:brother
C:uncle
D:sonPocket money means that you have money in your pocket that you can spend. You may get a regular amount of money from your parents or grandparents , for example , every week or once a month.
How much pocket money should you get ? That depends on what your parents or grandparents can afford, how many kids there are in your family and how old you are . A little primary school kid may get one yuan , but older children would get more . Each family is different.
Many parents or grandparents give kids pocket money so that their kids can :
use the money to buy things that they want .
learn to find out how much things cost .
learn to look after money well .
learn to shop around for the best price
 learn to save their pocket money for the future.
 learn what is worth  buying.
It is difficult to _ money  . If you spend all of your money too quickly ,you will not be able to buy the necessary things that you will need in the future life . If you always save money , you will not get many nice things that you really like . Try to use your pocket money in the right way and you will always get something good.
The question is: Parents hope that their children   _  instead of only buying what they want .
The possible answers are:
A:learn to handle their pocket money
B:save their pocket money
C:learn to buy things
D:know how to shopM: Hi, Ann! Tomorrow will be August 1st. When is your holiday going to start?
W: Very soon. I'm going to leave the day after tomorrow.
M: How long are you going to be away?
W: About two weeks.
M: Where are you going?
W: I'm going to the beach this time.
M: Are you going to stay alone?
W: No. I will stay in a hotel with my friends.
M: Oh, good. It's hard to find a place to stay at the beach in August.
W: That's right. And in a few days, I will swim every day, play beach ball, lie in the sun and just take it easy.
M: Don't tell me about that. It sounds so great!
W: What about you, John? Where are you going to spend your holiday?
M: I don't know. I should think about it.
The question is: When is Ann going to leave for her holiday?
The possible answers are:
A:August 1st.
B:August 2nd.
C:August 3rd.
D:August 4th.Not long ago, I opened an interesting e-mail from Jennifer, a friend of mine. "I've realized I want to be around people who make me happy," she wrote, "I've been seeing how I feel after communicating with different people and making a mental list of who I feel good about. And you're on my list."
Then she invited me -- and 11 other women-- to a "Movie Night" to be held every six weeks at her house. We'd chat, eat, and watch feel-good movies. She made it clear in her invitation that there was no stress to show up to all or any movie nights. Wonderful! I e-mailed her back immediately. I was in.
Later, Jennifer told me she had some puzzled reactions to her invitation. Though all the women were willing to join, some said they didn't see themselves as cheerful people. "I've told them they didn't have to be cheerful around me all the time. I invited them because they made me feel happy," she says.
Research shows that gatherings such as Jennifer's _ . In a US study, researchers measured  the happiness of 4739 people at regular intervals   over 20 years. The study found that a person's happiness depends on  the happiness of people they connect with. Amazingly, it also found that happiness spreads not only between direct friends, but also among friends of your friends' friends! And those good feelings seem to be the most contagious   among friends of the same sex.
"People with more supportive friends are less likely to develop sadness," says Dr Toupey Luft, a psychologist in Penticyon, British Columbia. "Though you can't choose your family or workmates, you do have control over friendships." With a little effort, you can add more positive  relationships to your social circle. Here's how...
The question is: Which of the following is right?
The possible answers are:
A:Jennifer was puzzled with her invitation.
B:All the women who were invited are cheerful people.
C:Jennifer invited people who are cheerful around her all the time.
D:People with more supportive friends seem to be more positive than people who don't.On Christmas Eve, the night before Christmas Day, children are very happy. They put their stockings  at the end of their beds before they go to bed. They want Father Christmas to give some presents. Father Christmas is a very kind man. He comes on Christmas Eve. He lands on top of each house and comes down the chimney  into the fireplace and brings children a lot of presents.
Christmas Day always begins before breakfast. Children wake up very early. They can't wait to open the presents in their stockings. Then they wake up their parents and shout 'Merry Christmas!'
Do you know what Christmas means? Christmas Day is the birthday of Jesus Christ. When Christ was born, many people gave him presents. So today, people still do the same thing to children.
The question is: On the morning of Christmas Day, children say '  _  ' to their parents.
The possible answers are:
A:Good morning
B:Happy New Year
C:Best Wishes to you
D:Merry ChristmasUncle Li and Uncle Wang are good friends. They live next to each other and their farms are both at the foot of the mountain. So they can help each other. But neither of them likes to use his head. They work hard but they are both poor. Most villagers have built new houses, but they still live in the low and broken houses. They never find out why.
Once Uncle Li went to town to buy some medicine for his wife. In the town he heard the apples in a city were expensive. He told Uncle Wang about it as soon as he went back. They decided to carry some apples to the city. They borrowed some money from their friends and bought nearly 1,000 kilograms of apples in the villages and carried them to the city on a tractor . Bad luck! A lot of apples were in the city when they arrived. A few days later they had to sell them at a low price. They felt unhappy and returned to their village.
"I can't understand why we sustained   losses  in business while others always profit  " Uncle Li asked one day.
"The tractor was too small" Uncle Wang said without thinking. "We'll carry more apples on a truck next time!"
"I agree!" said Uncle Li. "How foolish we were!"
The question is: The two farmers carried the apples to the city to   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:make a journey
B:visit some places of interest
C:meet their friends
D:make a profitBabysitter wanted( )
Do you like children? Do you have free time in the afternoon? We need a babysitter for our daughter. She's six years old.
Working time: Monday to Friday, 3:00pm--6:00 pm.
Cost: $5 an hour.
We need help with: Looking after our daughter, reading to her, playing with her.
Address:  You must work at our house. We live in Changjiang Road, near the Culture Square.
Please call Mr. Wang at 0551-487-2563.
The question is: How long does the babysitter need to work a week?
The possible answers are:
A:Three hours.
B:Ten hours.
C:Fifteen hours.
D:Twenty-one hours.Where has the Time gone? is the hottest song that has moved thousands of Chinese. Chinese parents give their children endless love and want nothing from them. However, sometimes, daughters and sons are too busy growing up and forget that their parents are getting older and older. What should  we do? Let's have a look at a letter of a father's.
Dear son,
One day if you see me old and I am not myself, have patience and try to understand me. If I get dirty when eating.. ., if I cannot dress.. ., have patience. Remember the hours I spent teaching it to you. If, when I speak to you, I say the same things one thousand and one times, do not stop me and listen to me. When you were small, I had to read to you one thousand and one times the same story until you get to sleep.
When I do not want to have a shower, neither shame me nor scold  me. Remember when I had to chase you with a thousand excuses I made, in order that you wanted to bath.
When you see me meet something new, give me the necessary time and don't laugh at me. I taught you how to do so many things _  to eat well, to dress well... to face life.
If I do not want to eat, do not force me. I know well when I need to and when not. When my legs do not allow me to walk, give me your hand the same way I did when you gave your first steps.
When sometimes I lose the memory during our conversation, let me have the necessary time to remember. And if I cannot do it, do not become nervous because the most important thing is not my conversation but to be with you and to have you listen to me.
Yours,
Father
The question is: What do we know about the Chinese parents?
The possible answers are:
A:They often get dirty when eating.
B:They often refuse to take a shower.
C:They often read stories to their children while sleeping.
D:They love their children too much and ask for nothing in return.Difference
John and Bobby joined a company at the same time . They both worked very hard . After several years , Bobby became the manager , but John thought it was unfair , so he gave his resignation  to the boss .
When the boss found out the reason why John wanted to leave , he said , "I hope you will do one more thing for our company before you leave . "
John agreed . The boss asked him to find out if anyone was selling watermelons at the market . John went and soon returned . He said he had found a man selling watermelons . The boss asked him how much they were . John shook his head  and went back to the market . When he returned , he told the boss they were $ 1.2 per kg .
Then the boss asked Bobby to find a watermelon seller at the market . Bobby went , returned and said , "Only one person is selling watermelons . $ 1.2 per kg , 340 melons in all , and each melon weighs about 2 kg . They are fresh . "
John realized  the difference between himself and Bobby . He decided not to leave but to learn from Bobby.
The question is: What's the difference between John and Bobby ?
The possible answers are:
A:John is foolish , but Bobby is clever .
B:Bobby knows that market better than John .
C:Bobby is clever knows how to work better .
D:John is lazy , he doesn't like working .Look ! What's this in English? Ah, it's a photo. Who's that in the photo? It's Li Yan. Li Yan is my good friend. She is a beautiful  girl. Who's that? The boy in black? It's Jim. He is an English boy. He is very cool . He is my friend, too. We are all in the same  school. I like Jim and Li Yan.
The question is: What color is Jim in?
The possible answers are:
A:Black
B:Red
C:Yellow
D:OrangeAnn is my classmate. She comes from New York, and she lives in Shanghai with her parents now. Every morning, she goes to KFC to have breakfast. Sometimes she buys a hamburger for me. She can't speak Chinese well. In the evening, her father often helps her with it. He's a teacher in our school. He can speak Chinese very well.
Ann thinks the school life in China is very interesting. Ann likes reading Chinese books because she wants to know more about China. She tries to talk with her Chinese friends in Chinese. She hopes to speak Chinese well. She is very happy to live in China. She loves people here.
The question is: Sometimes Ann buys  _  for the writer .
The possible answers are:
A:chocolate
B:a hamburger
C:an ice cream
D:coffeeEveryone likes living in a clean and comfortable environment. If the environment  are bad, it will affect our body, and make us not feel well. Sometimes we may be terribly ill. At that time we don't want to work, and we have to stay in bed and rest at home. So the environment is very important to us.
It's germs  that makes us ill. There are germs everywhere, They are very small and you can't find them with your own eyes, but you can see them with a microscope They are very small and there may be hundreds of them on a very small thing, Germs can always be found in dirty water. When we look at dirty water under the microscope, we shall see them in it. Germs can also be found in air and dust . If you cut your finger, some of the dust from the floor may go into it, and you will have much pain in it. Sometimes the germs will go into all of your bodies, and you will have pain everywhere.
To keep us healthy, we should try our best to make our environment cleaner and tidier. This needs us to work together.
The question is: Germs are  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:very small things that you can't see with your eyes.
B:the things that don't effect people.
C:the things that you can find with your eyes.
D:the things that are very big.The English love sports.One of the popular games in England is cricket  .But cricket doesn't change  much these years.For some parts of England, the eight months of the football season is more important than the four months of the cricket season.
Most middle schools have sports fields   and boys usually play rugby   or football in winter and cricket in summer.While school girls play tennis or baseball in summer and basketball or hockey   in winter ,boys seldom play basketball.The more popular grown-up   games are golf and tennis. A lot of people play them.
The British also like watching horse racing, but few show interest in bike racing. Britain is the home of many modern   popular sports.
.
The question is: In England,   _   are popular grown-up games.
The possible answers are:
A:football and basketball
B:tennis and football
C:golf and tennis
D:tennis and soccerMr. Brown lives in America and has a big factory there. He is busy all the time. But when he takes his holidays, he always goes traveling and has been to about thirty countries. One summer he went to visit Moscow. There he heard the workers were paid much less than those in his countries. And most factories couldn't work because they were short of   money. He thought he would save much money if he invested   in a factory there. The Russians knew it and warmly met him and he was invited to visit a modern factory. He went to the workplaces, watched carefully how the machines worked. The workers worked hard when he went in.
Soon it was time to have lunch. Mr. Brown went in the dining -room. Meat, eggs, milk and bread could be bough there. It seemed that they weren't short of anything. Mr. Brown came up to an old worker and sat down next to him.
Are you satisfied with your life, sir? Asked Mr. Brown.
"Of course," the worker answered and went on drinking.
"What do you have now?"
"I live in beautiful villa   ," answered the man. "I have a new fridge, a new color television and I drive a new car to my factory."
"What's your next wish, then?"
"To buy a pair of strong shoes!"
The question is: The Russians warmly met Mr. Brown because  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:they want to help him
B:he was very rich
C:they wanted him to invest in the factory
D:they wanted him to build a new factory thereThe seasons in Australia are not like ours. When it is winter in China, it is summer there. Australia is a southern country. It is in the south of the world. June, July and August are the winter months; September, October and November are spring; the summer is in December, January and February; and March, April and May are the autumn months. The north of the country is hotter than the south.
A very large part of this country has no rain at all. The east coast has rain all year, and there are no dry months. The southeast winds blow the whole year. They bring rain from the sea. There is not much rain on the west side. The southeastern part of Australia has summer rain from the southeast winds. They only blow here in summer.
The southwestern part of Australia has winter rain. The west winds blow over the southwest in winter only. In summer, the southwest of the country has no rain. In the north of Australia, there is no rain in winter. The rain comes in summer. The northwest winds bring it.
The question is: In Australia, it is   _   in the south than in the north.
The possible answers are:
A:hotter
B:warmer
C:colder
D:coolerDid you hear of the supercomputer? Recently, China's Tianhe-1   was ranked as the world's fastest supercomputer, according to a new list of world's TOP 500 supercomputers.
It took 200 Chinese scientists two years to build the fastest supercomputer. It can do 2,507 trillion   calculations in a second! That means it will take a personal computer 600 years to finish the work that a supercomputer does in a day!
The US now leads the world in the area of supercomputers. It is home to more than half of the world's top 500 supercomputers. Japan also has advanced technology. China is developing its supercomputer technology quickly. But experts say it will take years before China's total computing power can catch up with that of the US.
Supercomputers can work on many different things. They can solve problems in areas like national defense  , energy and science. In business, you can also use supercomputers. Oil companies use them to find oil and gas. Banks use them for quick trades. Food companies even use supercomputers to make sure that they put potato chips into cans without breaking them.
To make a supercomputer, scientists first need to link   thousands of small computers together. Then they use software to turn them into one supercomputer. In fact, any person with enough knowledge about computers can make a supercomputer. But you need the top technology to make a supercomputer run fast.
The question is: Which of the following is true?
The possible answers are:
A:A personal computer needs 300 years to finish the work that a supercomputer does in a day.
B:Japan now leads the world in the area of supercomputers.
C:Supercomputer can be used by food companies.
D:Scientists needn't use software to turn small companies into one supercomputer.I go to work at ten o'clock every night. When I ride a bike to my office, I talk with other doctors. Then I go to help all the sick people. Some nights are very quiet, but some nights are really busy, especially on weekends. On busy nights, I even have to help other doctors.
I can go home at six o'clock every morning. On my way home, I can see only a few people on the street. When I get home, I eat breakfast with my family first. Then, I read newspapers. That's my habit. I can get some news from the newspapers. After that, I go to bed. My job isn't easy, but I like _ a lot because I can help people.
,.
The question is: The writer goes to work by  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:bus
B:bike
C:car
D:subwayThere is little doubt that house cat first developed naturally from ancient wild cats. The cleverest relative is the America wild cat which still lives in Africa today. This is understandable because the first house cats came from Africa.
Cats first started to live around people in Egypt about 6,000~7,000 years ago. From Egypt, cats started to move around the world. This is about the same time that Egyptians began storing grain in buildings. Scientists used to believe that people _ cats to catch mice and protect the grain. However, cats don't like to be told what to do! Now, scientists believed that cats followed the mice and learned to accept people. Finally, some of the cats began to grow comfortable around people, these were smaller cats that needed protection. As these cats and people got used to each other, then they moved in together. Around 5,000 years ago, cats started to live with people.
Soon cats were in Greece, then the Middle East and China. They moved along Egyptian business roads keeping away mice and keeping people around them. After the Romans came to Egypt, they also accepted the cats and brought them to Europe. These cat likely bred  with other cats to form the many kinds of house cats we have today.
Cats are relatively recent house animals. House cats still have a lot in common with their wild relatives. Cats sleep a lot to save energy just like wild cats. They will often get food at night as well. House cats are generally peaceful and friendly, but be careful! If a cat feels it is in danger, it will fight back--just like a wild cat.
.
The question is: What does the text mainly talk about?
The possible answers are:
A:The development of house cats.
B:Different cats in different countries.
C:The relationship between cats and people.
D:The differences between house cats and wild cats.All the cities are quite the same. Living in a modern Australian city is not very different from living in an American city. But there are some differences on farms.
In many parts of the world, farmers and their families live in villages or towns. In the United States, each farm family lives in its own fields. Usually their neighbours live far away. It's hard for them to see each other on weekdays. Their children take school buses to the nearest schools. These schools are only for the farm families in this area. In some areas, there are small schools for a few farm families, and the children walk to schools.
Life keeps changing for everyone, so do farmers. Today there are cars, good roads, radios, television sets and there are modern machines for farming. All of these are changing farm life.
The question is: Living in a modern Australian city is almost   _  living in an American city.
The possible answers are:
A:different from
B:comfortable like
C:the same as
D:rich likeWithout going to a movie festival, where can you find famous stars like American actor Johnny Depp and Chinese kung fu star Jachie Chan all in the same place? Madame Tussauds Wax Museum is the place to be. Now you can find all your stars in Beijing! It opened its doors on May31 on Qianmen Street.
French wax sculptor   Marie Tussaud set up the first Madame Tussauds in London, UK over 200 years ago. It shows waxworks of many famous people.There are 16 Madame Tussauds in many big cities around the world, such as New York, Tokyo and Sydney. The newly opened Beijing museum is the fourth Madame Tussauds in China, following Hong Kong, Shanghai and Wuhan.
What's there in Beijing's Madame Tussauds? Let's take a look right now!
Visit well-known film scenes 
Inside Madame Tussauds, you can see scenes of certain films. One of the most popular scenes is one from the 1961 US film Breakfast at Tiffany's (<<>> ). It is about Audrey Hepburn having her breakfast at Tiffany's. You can sit beside her and take a photo with her.
Find famous people
You can meet famous people from different fields  , for example, American singer Michael Jackson, Chinese basketball player Yao Ming and American businessman Steve Jobs. US President Barack Obama is also here to meet you. You can even sit on his chair in his office.
Learn about how to make wax figures
There is a special area in Madame Tussauds to help you learn more about the life of Marie Tussaud. Also, you can see everything from how to measure   a person to finishing a wax figure. It takes nearly four months to finish a figure.
The question is: Which of the following sentences is TRUE?
The possible answers are:
A:You can only find famous singers and actors in Beijing's Madame Tussauds.
B:French wax sculptor Marie Tussaud set up the first Madame Tussauds in London.
C:It takes about four months to finish making a wax figure.
D:There is no Madame Tussauds Wax Museum in Japan.My name is Li Jing. Today let me show you around my community. In front of my apartment  , there is a very small garden with a table, four chairs and some flowers. I love taking a walk in the garden in summer.
After getting out of the garden, I can get to a big market soon. I walk past the market when I go to work every day. There are fresh vegetables, fruit and meat there. I often buy some fresh fruit there with my friends. After passing the market, I will be near the main road  . There are a lot of shops on both sides of the road, like shoe shops, clothes shops ...
After walking straight along the main road for fifteen minutes, I can see a bus stop. I only need to pay 0.5 yuan, and then I can go almost   anywhere. That's very cheap. I feel very happy to live in a community like this.
The question is: Li Jing lovesin the garden in summer.
The possible answers are:
A:playing the piano
B:riding a bike
C:walking her dog
D:taking a walkBlind imitation is destroying yourself. To common people, imitation appears attractive; to creative people ,imitation is misleading.
In the early stages of skill or character development, imitation is helpful, When I first learned to cook, I used recipes and really cooked some tasty dishes. But soon I grew bored. Why did I have to follow someone else's way of cooking when I could create my own? Imitating role models  is like using  training wheels on a child's bicycle. They help you get going, but once you find your own balance, you fly faster and farther without depending on them.
In daily life, imitation can hurt us if we hold poor role models. As a child, if you watched people whose lives pain as normal and gone on to follow what they did. If you do not make strong choices for yourself, you'll get the results of the weak choices of others.
In the field of entertainment, our culture appreciates famous people. Those stars look great on screen. But when they step off screen, their personal lives may be awful. If you are going to follow someone, concentrate on their talent, not their bad character or behaviors.
People like the person who is willing to act on their sudden inspiration to create something particular. Think of the things and people that have affected you most deeply. They moved you because their creations were caused by inspiration, not desperation . The world is changed not by those who do similar work before them but by those who do creative work. Creative people are full of new ideas. The problem a creator faces is not running out of material; It is what to do with the material to knock at the door of imagination.
Study your role models, accept the gifts they have given and leave behind what does not serve you. Then you can say, "If I have announced my success, it's by learning lessons from my ancestors' failure."
The question is: In order not to get the bad result of imitation, we should
The possible answers are:
A:Forget daily fear and pain
B:choose the right example
C:ask others for decisions
D:stay away from starsDear Sir,
I am writing to you about my stay at your hotel. My wife and I arrived on Saturday, May 15thand stayed for a week. Though we were treated well and found the service excellent, we think there are one or two things we should bring your attention.
1. We hoped for a nice holiday from our busy work lives, and your ad said "comfortable and quiet". We want to have a chance to enjoy ourselves. However, we were always waken up by the noise every morning. Is it really necessary for the workers to start their repair work so early?
2. We hoped to swim in your "wonderful pool". To our disappointment , we found that it was closed for the whole time of our stay.
I hope you do not mind my writing to you about these things, but I would be happy if you could give me some explanation . As I said at the start, it is a pity, and your service is so good in other places.
I hope to hear from you soon.
Yours sincerely
Tom Green
The question is: Who is Mr. Tom Green probably writing this letter to?
The possible answers are:
A:His friend.
B:The owner of a hotel.
C:A reader.
D:His father.Everyone hopes to have a healthy lifestyle. But do you know what a healthy lifestyle is like? Here are some ways to have a healthy life.
Get active
This is the most important way of a healthy lifestyle. Walking, running,
playing basketball and other sports will help you keep healthy.
Keep clean
Keep the places around you clean. Unclean and untidy places can not only make you angry but also (...) make you ill.
Eat healthily
Our health depends on   our food, so everyone should remember to eat healthy food. The healthier food you eat, the healthier you will be.
Live green
This is the easiest way to live a healthy lifestyle. Plant trees around your house. Try your best to use less  water. Stop using things if they are bad for environment .
The question is: How will unclean places make people feel?
The possible answers are:
A:Sad.
B:Angry and ill.
C:Happy and healthy.
D:Excited.The trouble started when Mrs. Cady lost control of her car on a mountain road. The car fell down thirty feet from the road into the water. It rolled  over once and landed right side up in the rushing water. All three people, Mrs. Cady, and her two daughters, were wearing their seatbelts. Luckily, nobody was hurt; however, they couldn't leave the car.
The rescue  started almost at once. Another driver told the police about the trouble. The police called rescue workers and a truck to pull the car out. The driver of the truck, Paul, arrived first. Immediatedly   he took a rope from his truck and began to walk through the rushing water to the car. Then he got caught in the ropes. He went under the water. Mrs. Cady saw him and pulled as hard as she could and brought him to the car door.
Next the other rescue workers arrived. They put on special suits to keep warm. They brought safety ropes, life jackets, and warm blankets . First they pulled the people out of the back window onto the top of the car. Then they swam with each person to the shore . They saved Paul, Mrs. Cady, and the little girls.
The question is: Where did the trouble start?
The possible answers are:
A:In the river
B:On a mountain road
C:Under the water
D:In a big cityI was sleeping soundly last night when I was awakened by someone's groans .I listened , and heard it was from Sam,a student from Africa. I really wanted to go on sleeping, as I had insomnia and had just fallen asleep, but I couldn't because Sam groaned louder and louder,showing he was seriously ill.
At that time , Robbie,a student from China , also got up to help. We found some pills,got some water , and helped him sit up to take them, hoping this would make his pain go down a little and get over the difficult time. If only daytime would come soon, everything would become easier.
Things went contrary)to our wishes. Sam's condition developed from bad to worse. We telephoned the emergency service , and in no time an ambulance stopped in front of our gate. We helped the medical workers carry Sam to the vehicle,and then both Robbie and I got in and took Sam to the hospital.
We helped him go through many medical examinations. After all kinds of tests,we were told that the final diagnosis was appendicitis . Luckily , Sam didn't need an operation because we brought him to the hospital in time. He got timely treatment.
After Sam felt much better , we rushed back to prepare ourselves for the class. We were a little tired , but we had certainly done something good,something right.
The question is: Why couldn't the writer go on sleeping that night?
The possible answers are:
A:Because he was too excited that day.
B:Because his roommates were watching football games on TV.
C:Because one of his roommates was sick and groaning.
D:Because he was sick.When kids at Archisha Singh's school in Loudoun County have a birthday, no parents buy them birthday cakes.
Some schools are worried that children might become fat or eat unhealthy food, so they have banned  cupcakes altogether.
What do kids do? Birthday kids can donate a book. The headmaster of their school will then read it to their class. The headmaster also hands out birthday certificates , special pencils, and makes sure the kids' names are read out in the school's morning news.
Parents can send stickers , pencils and other things to students. None of the things can be food. If a child donates jump ropes or other sports equipment, that child may get his or her name on a certificate. It will then be displayed at school.
Archisha really misses cupcakes, especially those her mother used to make for her kindergarten class, but her school's way is fun, too. "I like both ways," she said.
The headmaster says it's important that the school should be not only teaching, but offering healthy choices to kids. "There is a better life without cupcakes. If you eat a cupcake, then it's gone in two seconds, but a book lasts a lifetime. The sports equipment lasts, and the kids can use it day after day."
The question is: What do birthday kids do?
The possible answers are:
A:They can borrow a book.
B:They get birthday certificates.
C:They get special pens.
D:They eat birthday cakes.Alice, 35
I like shopping, but shopping with young children is not a good thing. I have to look after them while I'm shopping. I go shopping with my husband only when I buy something for him. When I look at a cheap dress, he always says, "It's beautiful on you." But when I have an expensive one in my hands, he always says, "I don't think it fits you well." So I often go shopping with my friends. It's fun. I like shopping alone, too.
Maria, 26
I like shopping very much, but I never go shopping on weekends. There are too many people in shops. I don't like shopping with other people. It usually takes me much time to buy things because I never buy the first thing I see. I always look around other shops to find the same thing cheaper. I'm good at finding cheap things. I don't like buying food in small shops or street markets. I think food in supermarkets is fresh and cheap.
The question is: From what Maria says we know  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:many people like shopping on weekends
B:things are cheaper on weekends
C:people don't like shopping on weekends
D:she likes shopping on weekendsDo you remember when your grandma told you the story of Snow White? Ah, the happy days of childhood!
But did you know that Snow White comes from Germany? It's just one story from the 209 in Grimm's Fairy Tales (<<>>  ). The Grimm brothers started to collect fairy tales in 1806. Their first book came out   in 1812. Why are German fairy tales so interesting? Maybe it's because they come from a great place famous for its stories - the Black Forest. The Black Forest is in southwest Germany. It's the largest forest in the country - and one of the most beautiful. It's famous for its trees and lovely views, There are valleys and waterfalls  there. It's a good place to start a story.
Don't forget to bring something back if you visit. People there are good at making clocks, musical instruments and watches.
The question is: How long had the Grimm brothers been collecting stories?
The possible answers are:
A:Four years
B:Five years
C:Six years
D:Seven yearsMy family lives in London. In the morning, my father goes to work and we go to school. My father takes us to school every day. My mother stays at home. She does the housework. She always has lunch at home, and visits her friends in the afternoon. In the afternoon, we go home from school by bus. My father gets home from work late. At night my two brothers and I always do our homework. We go to bed at about ten. My father and my mother usually read newspapers. We can watch TV at the weekend.
The question is: We go to school   _   on weekdays.
The possible answers are:
A:by bus
B:on foot
C:by car
D:by bike6 June, Saturday
I read an article about people living in e-age yesterday. It talks about different ways of communicating like chatting on line, sending e-mails, sending different kinds of messages and keeping an online diary.
The article says that people nowadays send e-mails at least once a day. I don't agree with this because I send e-mail only twice a week. However, I do check my e-mail once a day. I like receiving e-mails.
About chatting online, the article says that chatting on line is becoming more and more popular among teenagers. I think this is true. Whenever I arrive at home, I turn on my computer and log on  to chat online with my friends. I prefer chatting online to calling a friend, because I can chat with many friends at the same time.
But I like using mobile phones. When I do not have my computer with me I can send short massages to my friends. I also like keeping in touch with them in this way.
I keep an online diary four times a week. I like telling others what has happened to me.
I think I am one of the people living in the e-age. I can live without computers or mobile phones.
What about you? Can you live without computers or mobile phones?
Posted 6:15 pm
The question is: What does the writer disagree with the article?
The possible answers are:
A:About chatting online.
B:Sending e-mails so often
C:Keeping an online diary.
D:Sending short messages."Everything happens for the best," my mother said whenever things weren't going my way. "Don't worry, one day your luck will change." Mother was right, as I discovered after I had finished my college education. I had decided to try for a job in radio. One day, I wanted to host  a sports program. I went to Chicago and knocked on the door of every station. But I got turned down every time.
In one station, a kind lady said my problem was that I hadn't got enough experience. " Get some work with a small station and work your way up," she said.
I went back home. I couldn't get a job there, either. Then my dad told me a businessman had opened a store and needed someone to help him. But again, I didn't get the job.
I felt really down. " Your luck will change," Mom said to me. Dad lent me the car to help me to look for my job. I tried another radio station in Iowa. But the owner, a nice man, told me he had already had someone.
As I left his office, I asked, "How can someone be a sports announcer  if he can't get a job in a radio station?"
I was waiting for the lift when I heard the man call. " What did you mean? Do you know anything about football?" He put me in front of a microphone and asked me to try to imagine that I was giving my opinion on a football game, I succeeded.
On my way home, Mom's words came back to me, "One day your luck will change, Son. And when it happens, it'll feel doubly  good because of all the hard work you've had." At that moment I knew what just what she meant.
The question is: What's the writer's ideal  job?
The possible answers are:
A:A sportsman
B:A shop assistant
C:A sports announcer
D:A businessmanMr. and Mrs. Green lived in a big city, and one summer they went to the country for their holiday. They enjoyed it very much, because it was a quiet, clean place.
One day they went for a walk early in the morning and met an old man. He lived on a farm, and he was sitting in the warm sun in front of his house. Mr. Green asked him, "Do you like to live in this quiet place?"
The old man said, "Yes, I do," Mr. Green said, "What are the good things about it?"
The old man answered, "Well, the people here know each other. They often come and visit me, and I often go and visit them. And there are also lots of children here."
Mr. Green said, "That's interesting. And what are the bad things?"
The old man thought and thought and then said, "Well, the same things, are they?"
The question is: The people in the country are very   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:friend
B:friendly
C:clever
D:carefulThe Acronym, our student newspaper, reports that many students go to sleep at 1:30 a. m. _ Scientists say teens should sleep nine hours each night. But that's hard to do.
Some even _ . In the morning they don't look good. One of my classmates did a survey on this problem. She found that most kids pull all-nighters to finish homework, but some do it for other reasons, such as playing computer games.
I usually go to bed around midnight. If I stay up past l:30 a. m., I won't get any work done. I'll fall asleep at my computer. My classes begin at 7:30 a. m. I am partly awake in my first class. By midday, I am finally wide-awake. But by 3:00 p. m. I am slowing down again. Yet I get more sleep than the Acronym's many students.
Most American high schools seem to have a similar problem with sleepy students. High school classes start at 7:30 a. m., so students have to wake up one and a half hours before that to get ready and catch the bus. It's believed that lack of sleep can damage   both grades and health.
The question is: Acronym is the name of  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:a TV station
B:a school
C:a student
D:a newspaperHere's how you can take the taxi in Japan
*From train station or airports , go to the _ and wait there.
*In the street, look for a taxi that has a red light in the front window. It means the taxi has no passengers . ( If the light is green, the taxi has passengers. )
*When you see an empty taxi, wave  your hand and call it.
*The back door opens automatically , so stand back and wait until the door opens.
*Get in the taxi and tell the driver where you want to go.
*Before you get out of the taxi, pay it.
*Wait until the door opens and get out of the taxi.
The question is: After you get in the taxi,   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:tell the driver where you want to go
B:tell the driver your family address
C:tell the driver what you are
D:tell the driver your nameThe Sweetest Sight
I was in the most beautiful city in the world, yet I only wanted home.
It was an amazing week for my husband and me--the trip of a lifetime. Months ago, when my husband told me that he would have a meeting in London, I told him my wish to go to Europe together with him. Then we asked his mother to look after our two children and started off.
During the week's time, we visited London and Paris--as much as we could, Big Ben, the Eiffel Tower and so on. All these were beautiful places we expected to see before. We really had a fantastic time.
On our last night in Paris, after we enjoyed the night sight of the Eiffel Tower, my husband called home. His mother answered the phone. In a second, my husband's face fell and looked so worried. I could feel there was something bad.
"What's wrong?" I asked.
He didn't answer and went on to listen. A few minutes later, he said sadly to me that Tony, our seven-year-old son, fell down from his bike and broke his leg. He must be sent to hospital at once.
At that moment, Paris suddenly lost its charm .
"I don't want to be here! I shouldn't be here! I should be home with my kids!"
We hurried back to our hotel and then to the airport...
Finally, we got home. We rushed into our children's bedroom. Seeing our two children, I suddenly understood the truth: There is no sweeter sight in the world than our children's faces that greet us at home.
The question is: What happened to her family during their stay in Europe?
The possible answers are:
A:Their two children were ill.
B:Their mother was ill in hospital.
C:Their son fell off his bike and broke his leg.
D:Everything was all right.Dear Susan,
Today is Wednesday. I'm very happy because I have a history class in the morning. Our history teacher, Mr. Meng, always tells us some history stories. I think they're quite interesting.
But my good friend, Chen Kun, doesn't like Wednesday. He doesn't like history. He thinks it's difficult. He can't understand our history teacher. He loves Chinese because he can read his favourite novels  in this class.
Lin Xiao's favourite day is Thursday. She likes music. She can sing and dance in the class. She loves the music teacher, Miss Zhang, because her class is quite relaxing . She thinks Miss Zhang is very beautiful.
Yours,
Jane
The question is: Miss Zhang's class is   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:interesting
B:boring
C:relaxing
D:difficultReading is an important activity for many Americans. Today, thousands of men, women and children are members of groups to discuss the books they read.
No one knows how many Americans belong to reading groups called book clubs. Yet publishers  and bookshops report that more and more throughout the United States are joining the clubs.
Most of the clubs work the same way. Members read the same book at the same time. Then they meet to talk about the book. Members may be friends or people who live near each other. Or, they may be people who work together.
Book clubs may be for only women or only men. Or, they can be for husbands and wives together. Some are family groups where parents attend with their children. Children may belong to book clubs of their own.
Some book clubs in the United States are for husbands and wives. One woman says this is a great idea for a book club. She says husbands and wives often talk to each other only about their children, work, or money problems. "Talking about books," she says, "opens a whole new level of communication."
American children belong to book clubs, too. They may be as young as four years old or as old as eighteen. Some children's clubs get help from the Great Book Foundation  . This educational organization provides lists of books to read. It also trains people to lead discussions about the books.
The question is: Most book clubs want their members   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:to read the same book at the same time
B:to buy a lot of books at the same time
C:to read different books at the same time
D:to read as many books as they canKids love playing sports. But boys and girls like different sports. For boys, football ,baseball and basketball are their favorites. They think football and basketball are very exciting and interesting, so boys often play football or basketball after school. Peter says, "Football is very interesting. The football players are often handsome." But girls have different opinions. They think tennis and ping-pong are more interesting. Lily says, "I like tennis, because many tennis players are beautiful girls. They have good figures. I hope to have a good figure, too."
The question is: Do girls agree with boys about sports?
The possible answers are:
A:Yes, they do.
B:No, they don`t.
C:We don`t know.
D:Peter agrees with LilySam was a-fifteen-year-old boy living with his little sister, Julie. Their parents had passed away long ago. Sam had taken care of Julie by himself.
One day, Sam woke up at three in the morning as usual. When Julie was sleeping alone, Sam left their little house to send newspapers. When he found an old man sitting in front of their house, Sam was so surprised that he stopped to look at him closely. It was an icy  morning and he looked very cold.
The poor old man didn't have anything to cover himself with. Sam went into his house to get the old man a blanket. However, there were no extra blankets, so Sam thought hard and took his father's coat. It was the only thing of his father's that he had left. Sam wrote a short note. "Sir, I found you sleeping in front of my house. This is my father's coat. I hope it fits you well." He put the note in a pocket of the coat, and covered the old man with the coat. Then he went to work. When he came back three hours later, both the man and the coat were gone. Sam thought that it was the best thing he could have done with his father's coat.
That afternoon, Sam hurried home after school because Julie was at home alone. However, Julie and the old man were standing in front of the house, and Julie shouted to Sam, "Brother! He's our grandfather!"
The grandfather smiled and said, "Sam. Thank you for giving me the coat and letting me know how good my grandson is. This coat was the one that I gave my son a long time ago!"
The question is: How was the weather when Sam saw an old man in front of his house?
The possible answers are:
A:Hot and sunny
B:Rainy
C:Icy and cold
D:WindyThere are trains to carry people,trains to carry animals or carry things.There are fast trains and slow ones.Some trains go through hills.In big cities,the streets are usually very busy.So you can find trains under the ground.they carry people quickly in and out of the big cities.Can a train run over the water?Yes,it can.There are many bridges over the rivers.The trains can easily run over the water.But it is not easy to build the bridges.Today's trains have dining rooms for people.You may eat something in them on the way if you are hungry.Trains are useful to men,women and children.Many children have model trains.With the model trains they can build their own rails  and enjoy the wonderful world of trains.
The question is: Which of the following is WRONG?
The possible answers are:
A:There are dining rooms in trains.
B:There are fast trains and slow trains.
C:The trains can only carry people.
D:We can see trains under the ground.One day, a middle school teacher comes into the classroom and says to his students: "Today I want you to write about yesterday's football match. I'm going to take your exercise books home with me. Now please begin. "
The students all take out their pens and exercise books and begin to write. A boy called
Tom thinks hard. At first he doesn't write down a word. But five minutes later, he finishes. He stands up and looks at the teacher. The teacher asks, "What is the matter, Tom?" "I have finished, "sir," says the boy. "Well, give me your book." The boy goes to the teacher and gives him the exercise book. The teacher opens it and reads: "Rain, no match. "
The question is: Tom is  _  to give the exercise book to the teacher..
The possible answers are:
A:the third
B:the last
C:the first
D:the second"Charles Chaplin was horn in London on April 16,1889.His parents were music ball actors. The Chaplin family were very poor,and life was difficult in London. Charlie,as his job was an actor. What he did was to do silly things to make called, used to do his mother's job in the theatre when she was ill.
When he was only 17 years old,Chaplin got his first real job as an actor. What he did was to do silly things to make people laugh in the theatre.Seven years later he went to the USA. And over the next four years,he formed his own way of art. He developed the character of a homeless gentleman which became very popular.
From the 1920s to the 19S0s.Chaplin made his most famous films. The film Modern Times(1936) shows his care about the modern industry workers. Many of his films describe the poor life and hard time of the working people during that period.
Although Charlie Chaplin was British, he lived in the USA until 1953. But he never got US nationality. Then Chaplin ,his wife and his five children had to move to Switzerland where he lived until he died. When he was 83 years old,he won his only Oscar for the music he wrote for the film . He was named Sir Charles Chaplin at the age of 85. Charlie Chaplin died in Switzerland on December 25th,1975.
The question is: We can infer from the passage that Chaplin left the USA because of  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:his family
B:his work
C:the US government
D:the Swiss governmentNO.4 Middle School
Kunming, Yunnan
April 2nd, 2004
Dear editor 
I live in a beautiful city. Many visitors come to my city. There are so many colorful peacocks here .The peacocks mostly live on the grass land of Dongfeng Square 
They are given food freely by visitors ,They usually throw food to them ,and  don't think about at all whether the food is right or not. Some of the peacocks became ill, some even died after eating the bad food given by the visitors . I'm sure most of the visitors who throw food to the peacocks really like the birds ,but don't realize that they may be doing them harm  .The visitors should be told that what have done is very harmful to the birds , and this kind of thing must be stopped from happening Perhaps we can build some small shops beside Dongfeng Square to sell peacock food .For us every person, it's our duty to give more love to these beautiful birds and to look after them carefully.
Yours,
Sun Yan
The question is: Some shops can be built beside Dongfeng Square so that they may  _
The possible answers are:
A:sell food for visitors
B:sell food for peacocks
C:make the square more beautiful
D:have the beautiful birdsAre you looking for something fun and would you like to help other people in your free time? Then join us.
We have jobs for people of all ages;Anyone from twelve-year-old children to 80-year-old people can become one of us.
You can help people in many ways.Schools need help with taking care of children while their parents are working.Hospitals need us to look after children while their parents see a doctor.Animal lovers can help take care of thosedogs and cats without homes.There is something to do for everyone.
"As a member of this group,I don't want to get anything.Seeing the children's happy faces,I am happy,too."said Susan,an old woman of 62.
"I often played computer games in my free time before.Now I help older people learn how to use Computers,"said another one at the age of 18.
If everyone helps out a bit,we'1l all have a better world to live in.
Interested? Call us on 3847613 or visit our website :http://www. activol.com.
The question is: Which of the following is not talked about in the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:Help people in hospitals.
B:Help children in schools.
C:Help animals.
D:Teach cooking.It was the Greek shopkeeper who taught me about the power of being kind.
In 2008, I left Spain to study alone in London. My parents had to bring up  my three younger sisters and two younger brothers, so I found three part-time jobs to pay for my studies. I worked early mornings and late nights, so I was tired, really tired, all the time.
Unluckily, I got a cold and had a very high fever. Because I was new in London, I had no friends. Besides, I was too shy to talk with others and ask others for help. After sleeping on the bed for two days, I went out to get some food. Usually, I went to the supermarket, but this time I went into the Greek shop, a small corner shop, because it was closer.
I picked up some food and gave it to the shopkeeper, who asked me, 'You look terrible, my boy! You are not feeling well, right?'
I said YES in a low voice.
She pointed at the salami   and bread I was buying and offered, 'I can make you a sandwich, so you don't have to do it yourself.'
I nodded without saying a word.
So, she made the sandwich and asked me to wait a moment. She went into the back room and came again with a bowl of hot soup.
'It will warm you up,' she said with a friendly smile.
What really warmed me up was not the soup. It was her smile that told me she cared me. Her kindness  made me think of my mother.
I was quite shy, but from that day on, I did not let shyness stop me from talking with and being kind to others. Now I work in a children's hospital in Africa. I love my work and people around me. I always bring my smile and kindness to them.
The question is: What happened to the writer?
The possible answers are:
A:He lost his part-time jobs.
B:He had a talk with his friends.
C:He got a cold and had a very high fever.
D:He was not popular at his school.Mrs Brown was very fat. Her husband  thought she should go on a diet, and he made her eat no meat or cakes.
One morning, Mrs Brown made a nice cake for her husband, and he ate half  of it. After he went out, Mrs Brown cut a very small piece of the cake and ate it. It was very delicious. Then she cut a bigger piece and ate it, too. In a few minutes she finished up the cake. "My husband is going to be very angry," she thought. "What should I do?" She made another cake very quickly, ate half of it, and put the other half on the table. Mr. Brown came back later. When he saw the half of the cake on the table, he was very happy.
,. (5,2, 10)
The question is: Mrs Brown's husband made her eat no meat or cakes because   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:meat and cakes are junk food
B:meat and cakes could make her fatter
C:he liked eating them
D:meat and cakes could make her sickOnce there was a parrot on sale in a pet store. It was a beautiful red and blue bird. It sat on a perch in the middle of the store, so that everyone could see it when they came in. The owner was very proud of it and asked a high price for it.
One day a man went into the store. "That's a beautiful bird," he said to the pet store owner, "But why is it so expensive? Is it unusual bird?"
"No, it's not very unusual. It's expensive because it can talk," the pet store owner said.
"I see. How can I make it talk?" the man asked.
The pet store owner asked him, "Do you see those string tied to each of the bird's legs?"
"Yes," the man answered.
"Well, you pull those strings," the pet store owner told him. "That will make the parrot talk."
The man asked, "Do you mind if I try?"
"Not at all," the pet store owner said.
The man walked up to the parrot and pulled the string on its left leg. The parrot said, "Good morning."
The man pulled the string on the parrot's right leg. This time the parrot said, "How are you today?"
"That's not very interesting," said the man. "Any parrot could do that." Then he laughed, "But what would happen if I pulled both strings at the same time?"
"I'll fall off my perch, you fool!" the parrot said.
The question is: The parrot would talk when   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:people came into the pet store
B:it was the pet store owner
C:people said it was beautiful
D:people pulled the strings on its legsIt was a wet, rainy day during the school holidays. Lily looked out of the window and thought about her parents. They were on a long holiday. They said Lily was too young to go. So Lily was staying with her Aunt Bella. Today Lily was unhappy. She was all alone --Aunt Bella was out shopping.
Lily decided to go to the top floor. Maybe there was something interesting. She arrived at the top. There was an old door. Lily opened the door and walked in. The walls were changing colours. A sofa wasn't on the floor! It was in the air. Suddenly she heard a sound "Whoooosh" and after a minute she saw a boy appear .
"Hi," he said. "I am the genie . Who are you?"
"I'm Lily," she answered, "but you don't look like a genie."
The boy looked at her. He said, "Hocuspocusinversus!" And then suddenly Lily was in the air. "OK! I believe you," she shouted. "Get me down!"
"So, how many wishes do you want?" the boy said.
Then she told the cool genie she was lonely. She told him about having no friends. The cool genie just nodded his head . When Lily finished her story, she felt better.
The genie said, "Well, I must go now!" Then suddenly he was gone. Lily went downstairs  and found a postcard from her parents. It said, "Dear Lily. Miss you, back next week, love Mom and Dad." Then the front door opened and she heard Aunt Bella arriving with her shopping.
The next day Lily decided to say "Thank you" to the genie. She went to the top floor and opened the door. But there was nothing there except a dark old room with a few boxes.
The question is: What did Lily do when she believed the boy was a true genie?
The possible answers are:
A:She said she wanted some wishes.
B:She laughed happily when she saw the boy.
C:She ran downstairs.
D:She told the boy she was lonely and unhappy.Many English people have three ninny, a first name, a middle name and a last name (or a family name).For example   , my name is James Allen Green.James is my first name.Allen is my middle name.Green is my last name.People don't use Mr. , Mrs., Ms.or Miss before their first names.People should  use them before their family names.
But in China, people use Mr. Mrs. Ms.or Miss before their first names.Because( ) the first name is the family name.For example, my name is Lin Tao."Lin" is my family name, and "Tao" is my given name.
,.
The question is: In China, we use "Mrs. " before   _   in the name "Wang Peng"
The possible answers are:
A:Wang
B:Peng
C:Lin
D:TaoYou may have heard of the famous saying,"East or West,home is the best."What does the word"home"mean to you? How do you say the word in French? In Chinese? In your language? Although people usually know what the word means,it sometimes has no exact translation.It's not surprising,because the idea of home is different from country to country,and from person to person.A home is more than a roof and four walls.It's the cooking,eating,talking,playing and sleeping that go on inside.And at home you usually feel safe and relaxed.
Homes look different in different countries.They also have different things inside.For example,in cold northern Europe,there's a fire in the living room or kitchen and all the chairs face it.In the south,where the sun shines a lot and it's more important to keep the heat out,there are small windows and cool stone floors.
We asked some people about their homes.
How often do people move house in your country?
"In my country many people don't stay in one place for a very long time.They often move every ten years or so."
--Chery,Boston,USA.
What are features  of homes in your country?
"In Britain,even in town,there's always a garden.We have separate bedrooms and living rooms.But we don't often have balconies .The weather isn't warm enough!"
--Pat.Exeter,England
The question is: Which one of the sentences below is true?
The possible answers are:
A:People in Britain seldom have balconies because it's so hot outside.
B:Some Americans move house several times during their lifetime.
C:Homes look the same in different countries.
D:Houses in northern Europe have big windows and cool stone floors.Once there lived an old man. He liked gold better than anything else in the world. He often said, "If I have enough gold, I will be the happiest man in the world."
One day when he was traveling in the desert , the old man lost his way. He was very hungry and thirsty, but there were only rocks and sand around him. Just then, he found a bag lying on the sand. He hoped he would find water and food in it. He took up the bag and opened it. He saw that the bag was full  of gold. He was so sad that he threw away the bag and began crying.
Now, the old man knew that there was something better than gold in the world.
The question is: The old man did not become the happiest man when he got the bag of gold because    _   .
The possible answers are:
A:the bag was too small
B:the gold wasn't his
C:he was very hungry and thirsty
D:he didn't like gold at allThe Round Bird is not like any other birds. He has a big round body but with little wings. He can not fly but he expects to play with other birds in the sky. Every day and in many ways, he tries to fly. And he tries again and again. But nothing works. Then he thinks it will be better use the tree. It is very hard for a little bird to do so, but he climbs up the tree! The Round Bird really wants to learn to fly. A few minutes later, he sits on a branch and gets ready to jump and flap his wings. He practices many times and flap some more, but they don't work! In the end, he climbs down the tree and starts thinking seriously.
After thinking for a long time, he knows that although he really wants to fly and tries hard, there are some birds are not able to do. He can't fly because of his body and his little wings. But he knows that there are still some things he is able to. Then the only job for the Round Bird is to find those special things that only special birds like him can do.
The question is: What's the Round Bird like?
The possible answers are:
A:Beautiful and friendly.
B:Lazy but funny.
C:Hard-working and good at thinking.
D:Smart but lazy.Hi, my name is Amy. I am a Grade 7 student, and I would like to tell you something about my class and myself.
There are ten classes in Grade 7.In each class, there are about forty students. I think that my class, Class 4 is the best .That is because all the students in my class work very hard and the teachers are all very nice to the students. But I am not one of the best students in the class.
I love reading, and I am very good at Chinese and English. I don't find Maths very interesting, so I am not good at it. I want to work hard at it. My teacher, classmates and my parents would like to help me with my Maths.
The question is: Why is Amy's class the best class in Grade 7?
The possible answers are:
A:Because the teachers are the best.
B:Because the boys work very hard.
C:Because the students are very nice to the students.
D:Because the students work very hard and the teachers are very nice.In my life, I have received many gifts from my mother. The most important was my life. However, there's another special gift I will never forget.
When I grew up, I left home and got a job in South America. One day , a call came from my brother, "Something is wrong with Mom. She's forgetful  . She thinks we're hiding   you from her..."
I got back home at once. It was clear that she would not be able to stay in the house alone.
For nearly 4 years I stayed with my mother and we had fun. We even planted some vegetables together in the garden. It was not easy for me. I had to stop working. When I had to leave , I had to ask someone to look after her or drive her to my brother's.
When it became clear that she was near the end, family memebers were called to come to say their good byes. For 3 weeks my sister and I just sat with Mom, took long walks and spent some real time with each other. My sister and I were both with Mom when she was passing away  , holding her hands and telling her how much we loved her. At the end of life, my mother gave me the gift of time with my sister in a way we would never have given ourselves.
The question is: What's the best title for this passage?
The possible answers are:
A:The most important gift
B:A special gift
C:A happy family
D:My dear motherThis past month saw one of the most devastating storms in history brings death and destruction on the Philippines. The number of lives lost is still being calculated, but it is already sitting above five thousand. In the flurryof news about the storm and its after-math, the cries of "I told you so" from environmentalists rang out loud and clear.
These scientists were especially vocal during the United Nations Climate Change Conference, which just wrapped up in Warsaw, Poland. The timing of the conference and Typhoon Haiyan was an eerie coincidence, but perhaps the concurrence offered a wakeup call for all.
Christiana Figures, Executive Secretary of the UN Framework Convention on Climate Change (UNFCCC) said, "We are witnessing ever more frequent extreme weather events, and the poor and vulnerable are already paying the price."
Scientists claim that storms like Typhoon Haiyan are an inevitable result of the effect greenhouse gases are having on our environment. Environmental analysts claim that rising temperatures around the globe and changing weather patterns are all part of the same problem.
This isn't breaking news. We've heard the warnings for years. The UN has been hosting the Climate Change Conference since1995.But the changes that need to be made are huge. Added to this, the developed nations and developing countries have competing interests that are difficult to settle. The issue of who takes responsibility becomes difficult to resolve.
We may feel far away from Poland and resolving conflicts between countries, but we mustn't feel far away from the issue. When we watch neighboring countries suffer in severe weather, when we hear reports of increasing global temperatures, when we walk outside and find it difficult to breathe the Shanghai air, we know we have a very real problem. So what are we going to do about it? Are we making every-day choices that can have a positive impact? Are we reducing our carbon footprint? Are we choosing to walk, ride a bicycle or take public transportation instead of a car? Are we recycling? Are we turning off the lights and electronics whenever possible?
The problem is complex, but saving our earth starts with each of us taking simple steps.
The question is: How many years have we heard the warnings? For nearly   _  years.
The possible answers are:
A:21
B:18
C:19
D:20Dear Eric,
How are you? This is a picture of my room. You can see a nice computer on my desk. It is my birthday present  from my uncle. A tape player is next to   the computer, and some tapes are on the computer. My school-bag is on the chair. My pencil-box and two books are in the schoolbag. And you can see a set of keys in the schoolbag, too. My bed is blue, and my green quilt is on it. Under the bed, you can see a baseball, and I can play it well. My books are in the bookcase, and my white model plane is in it, too. My room is tidy, isn't it?
Do you have a room? Can I have a picture of your room?
Yours,
Liu Peng
The question is: What is the article   about?
The possible answers are:
A:A picture of Eric's room.
B:A picture of Liu Ping's room
C:A picture of Eric
D:A picture of Liu Peng.Today people are paying more and more attention to improving their health through sports and exercise. But some of them have some wrong ideas about it.
A plate of chicken is a good meal before games because it has much energy.
In fact, the best meal before games should have carbohydrates . Foods like potatoes, bread, bananas are rich in it, chicken and meat are not. Carbohydrates are the best and most easily used forms of energy. The energy that you get for today's game is from what you ate yesterday.
The best time to exercise is early in the morning.
Morning is a good time to exercise, but it may not be suitable for you. If an afternoon or evening period suits you, and you enjoy the feeling of getting healthier, you can choose any time to exercise. There is no fixed time for you to exercise.
If you drink water when you exercise, you'll get headaches and feel tired.
The fact is that you must have some water during breaks when you exercise. And after exercising, you must have enough water. If you don't drink enough water, then you'll probably get headaches and feel tired.
Exercising the same body part every day is the fastest way to improve strength.
False! Exercising the same body part every day is the fastest way to cause problems. To improve strength, you want to work your muscles  hard, but then you need to give those muscles a day of rest. Too much exercise can cause serious problems to muscles.
Girls who do strength training will make their muscles big.
Wrong! We usually connect those big muscles with bodybuilders , but girls don't have enough male hormone  to make their muscles big like men. Strength training is a good way to make their muscles strong for girls.
The question is: What is this passage mainly about?
The possible answers are:
A:Reasons for sports and exercise.
B:False ideas about sports and exercise.
C:Result of games and exercise.
D:Proper time for sports and exercise.Mr White works in an office. He's very busy and has no time to have a good rest. Every evening, when he comes back from his office, he's always tired and wants to go to bed early. But his wife often has a lot of interesting things to tell him after dinner. She doesn't stop talking until she falls asleep  . But it's usually too late and Mr White has to get up early in the morning when she is still sleeping.
One day Mr White felt terrible and couldn't go to work. He decided to go to see a doctor. Mrs White went to the hospital with him. Before her husband said what was the matter with him, the woman told the doctor all. The doctor wrote out a prescription  . When Mrs White took the medicine to the doctor's room, the doctor said to her, "The bottle of medicine is for your husband and the pills   are for you. "
"For me?" the woman said in surprise. "I'm fine. I don't need any medicine!"
"I don't think so, madam," said the doctor. "They are sleeping pills. Your husband will be all right soon if you take them. "
The question is: The sentence "Your husband will be all right soon if you take them. " means Mr White will soon be all right if   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:Mr White takes the pills
B:Mr White takes the bottle of medicine
C:Mrs White takes the pills
D:Mrs White stops talking too much at nightOnce there was something wrong with a machine in a factory. The workers could do nothing but turn to a German engineer for help, who drew a line on it and then said, "Take off the part where the line is and change it for a new one. "The machine, with a new line on, began running well again. The engineer then asked for $30,000 for what he had done. The following were what he wrote on a bill, "The new part only costs one dollar, and knowing where the problem with the machine is costs $29,999."
One dollar for changing a new part sounds reasonable  but the $29,999 is exactly the value  of wisdom  and knowledge.
The question is: According to the engineer, the finding of the problem cost   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:only one dollar
B:$ 29.999
C:nothing
D:less than the now partSwimming and English Learning
Can you swim? Do you like swimming? Yes? Well, how can you learn to swim? I think the best way is to go into the water and learn. I'm afraid you'll never learn to swim just by reading books about swimming or looking at others swimming. It's the same with the English study. We must practice, practice and practice.
Listening and speaking are very important for beginners. The children in English-speaking countries first listen to others. Then they try to imitate and speak. We can listen to English programs on radio. You may just understand a few words. It doesn't matter. Just be relaxed, try to catch every word.
Somebody may be a good listener. But he dare not speak. He's afraid of making mistakes. You know we sometimes make mistakes when we speak Chinese. Don't be afraid. We must be brave. If you really want to learn English well, you must try to speak with everyone so long as he knows English. Whether you know him or not is not important when there's nobody to talk with, you can talk to yourself in English. It's interesting and also a good way to practice your spoken English. Remember, the more you speak, the fewer mistakes you'll make.
Reading and writing are more important for senior school students. First we must choose the books we're interested in. A lot of reading will improve your language sense. This is the most important.
Keep writing English diaries. We can also write English articles. You may even post them to English magazines. Don't be afraid of failure. Failure is the mother of success.
Easier said than done. Well, let's do more practice from now on. I'm sure you'll learn English well in this way.
The question is: What will you do with mistakes when you speak?
The possible answers are:
A:Don't make mistakes.
B:Study hard
C:Try not to speak English
D:Don't be afraid.Today, roller skating is easy and fun. But, before 1750, the idea of skating didn't exist . That changed because of a man named Joseph Merlin. Merlin's work was making musical instruments.
One day Merlin was invited to a music party. He was very pleased and a little excited. As the day of the party came near, Merlin began to think how to make a grand entrance   at the party. He had an idea. He thought he would get a lot of attention if he could skate into the room.
Merlin tried different ways to make himself roll. Finally, he decided to put two wheels under each shoe. These were the first roller skates in the world. Merlin was very proud of his invention and dreamed of getting to the party on wheels while playing the violin.
On the night of the party Merlin rolled into the room playing his violin. Everyone was surprised to see him. There was just one problem. Merlin had no way to stop his roller skates. He rolled on and on, suddenly, he ran into a huge mirror that was hanging on the wall. Down fell the mirror, breaking into pieces. Nobody forgot Merlin's entrance!
The question is: What was the job of Joseph Merlin?
The possible answers are:
A:Making shoes
B:Making toys
C:Making mirrors
D:Making musical instrumentsLife in the 2100s will be very different from life today. Between then and now many changes will take place. What will the changes be?
The population is growing fast. There will be more people in the world and most of them will live longer than people do now.
Computers will be much smaller and more useful, and there will be at least one in every home. And computer studies will be one of the important subjects in schools then.
People will work fewer hours than they do now and they will have more free time for sports, watching TV and traveling. Traveling will be much easier and cheaper. More people will go to other countries on holiday.
There will be changes in our food, too. Maybe no one will eat meat every day. Instead, they eat more fruit and vegetables. Maybe people will be healthier.
Work in the future will be different, too. Dangerous and hard work canl be done by robots, because of this, many people will not have work to do. This will be a problem.
The question is: People will prefer  _  to  _  in the future.
The possible answers are:
A:fruit and vegetables; meat
B:meat; fruit and vegetables
C:fruit and meat; vegetables
D:meat and vegetables; fruitLi Ming is staying with the Wang family for the weekend.Today it is warm and fine.The family are having dinner in the garden.They often have dinner in the garden on a warm and fine spring day.Now Mr and Mrs Wang are sitting at the table with Li Ming under a tree.
"It's great to have dinner out here on such a lovely day,"Mrs Wang says."What's the weather like in your hometown,Li Ming?"Mr Wang asks."It's not very warm in spring.But I like the spring there best,"Li Ming says."Help yourself to some cakes,Li Ming,"Mrs Wang says."Thanks,"says Li Ming."The cakes are very nice.I enjoy the dinner very much."
The question is: It's not a cold spring day,is it?
The possible answers are:
A:Yes,it is.
B:No.It's a warm spring day.
C:No.It's a warm winter day.
D:Yes.It is a warm spring day.Coffee has been a part of people's lives for thousands of years, and today it is still one of the favorite drinks in the world. Many people in the world begin their busy day by drinking a cup of or several cups of coffee. They have always said that a cup of coffee in the morning helps them begin their day in the right way. So they say a cup of coffee is necessary for them in the morning.
Do you know what in the coffee makes our bodies and brains  active? It is caffeine . Caffeine may increase a person's mental and physical abilities . For example, two cups of coffee will make you breathe faster and _ body heat. All this makes you heart beat faster, and doctors warn that this may be a little dangerous.
Caffeine is found in tea, coffee, chocolate and some other foods. A little caffeine is probably not harmful. But much caffeine can make people nervous and sleepless.
The question is: Caffeine is found in  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:tea and water
B:fish and meat
C:coffee and jam
D:coffee, tea and some other foodsWHAT is your favorite drink ? A bottle of cola ? If so , be careful ! Soft drinks are not all that healthy. They are bad for your teeth and make you fat .
How about energy drink  ?Sporty kids like them very much .This kind of drink has caffeine in it .It makes children active in sports . But don't drink too much .Or you will not sleep well ,maybe you'll find it hard to concentrate  in class .Energy drinks also have acid  .This is bad for your teeth .
So what can you drink ? Don't worry ,here are some cool and healthy drinks .Let's take a look .
Water  Water ? That's right . It is the best and bealthiest drink . Water has no sugar or calories  .It won't give you bad teeth or make you fat. How much water should you drink every day ? US research group Mayo Clinic suggest at least eight glasses of water a day (240 ml water a glass)
Juice  If you don't like fresh fruits and vegetables , 100 percent of juice can be goood .But don't drink too much , no more than 240 ml every day is good for you.Remember : If you open a bottle of fresh juice , please drink it in one go ,or it will go bad .
Milk   Milk helps you build a healthy body.Milk is rich in protein , vitamin D and calcium .They are all good for children's bones and teeth.
The question is: How much water should we drink every day ?
The possible answers are:
A:No more than 240 ml
B:240 ml
C:about 800 ml
D:More than 1,600 mlFirst Frenchman: I once heard someone shout, "Look out." I put my head out of a window and a glass of water fell on me. It seems that "look out" may mean "Don't look out."
Second Frenchman: I was once on a ship and heard the captain shout, "All hands on deck  . I put my hands on the deck and someone walked on them."
Third Frenchman: I once went early in the morning to the doctor's and his nurse came to the door and said, "he's not up yet. Come back in half an hour." When I went a second time for him, she said, "he's not down yet." I had to go away again. Later I thought the doctor should be in the house in the evening, so I went there once more. "Oh, how sorry I am! He's not in ! I'd better tell him to wait for you if you could come tomorrow." said the nurse.  "Well! He's not up, he is not down, and he is not in. please tell me where he stays!" I said angrily.
The question is: When the captain shouted "all hands on deck ", what did he mean?
The possible answers are:
A:Put up your hands.
B:Put your both hands on deck.
C:Give your hands to me.
D:All the sailors on deck.In Western society, especially in the English-speaking world, the chance for young people to see the other countries and experience life is considered important. Many young people, when they finish school at the age of 18, take a gap year before they go to university.
Parents often want their children to grow up a little and see what the real world is like when they finish school. Although they are worried about their safety, many think that the advantages of independence and experience are worth the worries. Children are encouraged to be brave, independent and to explore the world on their own or with friends.
Young people also want to experience freedom and see what life is like on the other side. This other side could be the other side of the world or just the other side of life. For example, if they have a rich life, they may want to see how people in poor areas live.
A gap year after school is also an important chance for young people to spend time thinking about what they want to do with their lives. A little bit of growing up and experience will help them make their important career decisions, especially when they are unsure about what they want to study.
Another reason for going straight after school is to get a break from studying before they start the next few years of university. So anywhere you travel in the world, you will meet young European people exploring the world.
So much of the world has been travelled and explored. The young people are now looking for more worthy experiences. Some of them work as volunteers to do something for the country they are visiting. Many gap year volunteers are now spending a few months teaching English in Thailand, helping feed giant pandas in China or building a well  in a village in Africa.
These young people's wish to explore the world is an expression of the values of the societies that they are part of. Both discovering the world and making a positive difference in it are important parts of the Western mind.
The question is: The purpose of writing this article is to  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:show different opinions about gap year
B:offer readers information about gap year
C:discover new ways to take a gap year
D:tell young people when to take a gap yearWhat is the hottest English word these years? "Selfie" may be one of them. It was even named Word of the Year by Oxford Dictionaries in 2013. The word was first used in an Australian online forum in 2002. Now, almost everybody knows it.
Selfie is a photo that one takes of oneself. People usually take selfies with a smart phone and send them to a social media website. Nowadays, more and more people are taking selfies. From your best friend to your favorite pop star, selfies are taking over Renren and Sina Weibo.
What makes people love selfies? Selfies can help to remember what's going on in their personal life. "Almost every day, I take a photo of myself at school, and save it in my Qzone. These photos record my happy and sad moments." said Huang Xu, 16, from Hunan. Another usual reason for taking a selfie is to share online. They hope to make friends and share their feelings with others. "During summer vacation, my classmates and I shared many selfies online. Through these photos, we got to know each other's holidays and feelings," said Wang Lin, 15, from Henan. "I'm too shy to ask someone to take pictures of me, but it's easier to do it by myself."
Although taking selfies is popular among young people around the world, they should be careful at the places where they take selfies. People are warned not to take light-hearted selfies in serious places, such as in some traffic accidents. In order to protect art works, selfie is _ in some museums and galleries, too.
The question is: The word "selfie" has a history of about  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:2 years
B:13 years
C:15 years
D:20 yearsJack is 10 years old, and I am his pencil. I'm Jack's helper .
Jack's pencil box is my home. I have some friends here. They are seven crayons, a ruler, a pencil-sharpener and an eraser. Because Jack loves me, I'm the king  in the pencil box. My friends and I are happy every day.
Today, I am not happy because a pen comes in. It's new and nice. It's a music pen. It can write and sing. But I'm old and I can only help Jack to write. Jack likes it very much! The new pen is his helper now. It's the new king. What can I do now? Shall I go to a new home?
The question is: We can know from the passage that   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:the old king is not happy now
B:our pencils aren't our helpers
C:Jack doesn't need the pencil now
D:the pen is old but niceHenry finds a job on a farm.He is the strongest and youngest.He eats more,sleeps more,but works less.He doesn't like to use his head,so he knows little.He has to do some unskilled  work.He always says he's tired and hopes to have a good rest.So he gets less money than others.
Winter is coming.The workers are getting ready for the next year.Only Henry does nothing.The farmer tells him to cut down some trees in the forest.The young man has to go there with a chair.He feels lonely in the forest and is afraid of the animals.So he looks   around and sings loudly.Nobody knows what he's singing.After three days,Henry doesn't cut down any trees.The farmer feels strange.He wants to find out how the young man is working there.To his anger ,Henry is sitting on the chair,cutting the tree."Why are you sitting here to cut the trees?"asks the farmer."Because I can't work if lying ,sir."
The question is: Henry doesn't like to use his head,so   _   .
The possible answers are:
A:he knows little knowledge
B:he is young and strong
C:he tries to be a farmer
D:he finds a job on a farmMany people think it is very exciting and admirable  to be an actor. The actors often wear the most beautiful and fashionable clothes and they can make a lot of money. Many people like them and they have so many fans. But in fact, the job of an actor can be very tiring and hard. To make good movies, for example, action movies, the actors need to go to some remote  places. There they don't have good places to stay or nice food to eat. They often have to get up early and go to bed very late. When they are too busy, they don't have time to sleep or relax. It's very hard.
The question is: The actors find it difficult to sleep well or relax because  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:they don't like sleeping.
B:they are too hungry to sleep well
C:they sleep in clod rooms
D:their job is too busyWhy are you study habits different from those of your friends? Why do you seem to learn faster in some classes while more slowly in others? One reason you may not know is that people have different types. Scientists say there are three different learning types: Visual ,Auditory ,and Kinesthetic  . 
Visual learners learn best by seeing. If you seem to easily remember information from pictures, graphs ,and videos, you are probably a visual learner. You're not good at copying down what the teacher says in class. Never mind. You can draw graphs or pictures instead, if you find that works better for you.
Auditory learners learn best by hearing. If you seem to easily remember things by hearing them, then you are probably an auditory learner. You must listen carefully while the teacher is speaking because it's the easiest way for you to learn . Sometimes you may find that taking notes tops you from listening carefully. After class, you can write down what you remember or borrow your friend's notes to copy.
Kinesthetic learners learn best by doing. If you seem to learn best by working with your hands, you are probably a kinesthetic learner. Taking notes by writing can make you pay close attention to information as you receive it. Of course, you can learn best by making full use of labs or other class activities.
Hope you learn better by knowing what your personal learning type is.
The question is: Jude can remember the words of a song quickly by listening to it once or twice. She might be a /an   _   according to the passage.
The possible answers are:
A:auditory learner
B:visual learner
C:strange leaner
D:usual learnerOne day, Jack came to Mike's house and said , "Mike, you have so many good books. Can you lend me a book to read?" Mike didn't want to lend a book to his friend, and he said, "Why do you want to take my book home? You can read it here in my house."
Jack found that his friend was very selfish, but he said nothing. The next day, Mike came to Jack's house and said, " Jack , you have a good garden-knife, I want to work in my garden tomorrow. Can I use it for two days?"
Jack answered, "Why do you want to take my garden knife home? You can work with it in my garden."
The question is: What did Jack want to do in Mike's Home?  He wanted to   _
The possible answers are:
A:come to Mike's house
B:lend him a book
C:borrow a book from Mike
D:buy him a book1970 was World Conservation Year. The United Nations wanted everyone to know that the world was in danger. They hoped something could be done.
Here is one example of the problem. At one time there were 1,300 kinds of plants, trees and flowers in Holland ,but now only 866 are left. The others have been destroyed by modern people and their science. We are polluting earth, air, water and everything around us. We can't live without these things. If things go on like this, we shall destroy ourselves.
What will happen in the future? Perhaps it's more important to ask "What must we do?" More and more young people have known this. Many of them are helping to save our earth. For example, they plant trees. In a small town in the United States, a large group of girls cleaned the banks of 11 kilometers of their river. Young people may hear about conversation through a song called "No one's going to change our world". It was made by Cliff Gichard and other singers. The money from it will help to conserve tigers, elephants and pandas on the earth.
The question is: The United Nations hoped something could be done  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:to conserve the world
B:to change the world
C:to develop the world
D:to destroy the worldMy dad used to say he knew I would be a singer. When I was a baby, I was always singing loudly. Dad was a big sports fan, but he was happy I loved music.
After dinner, Dad would often ask me to sing. He always said I sang I Will Always Love You much better than Whitney Houston!
At every school concert he cheered me on. The look of pride on his face made me happy.
My life was full of concerts, singing lessons and laughter. Though my mum and brothers helped me, they did not share our love for music.
Our lives changed when Dad was told that he had cancer. We always hoped that something would happen and he would get better, but the doctors told us that they could not save him.
About a week before my dad died, he fell into a coma  . The nurses said even though Dad did not reply, he could still hear me.
The nurses said I should sing him a song. I sang one of our favorites. As I sang, my dad gave a big smile, and clapped  .
I will always remember that smile. I was so pleased to know that Dad had heard me sing one more song.
My dad died on May 14, 2000. It was hard to believe: he was so full of life. I don't know how to say how much I miss him.
Now I have all the memories of him and his beautiful smile deep inside my heart. I will always know that he is listening from his front row seat in _ .
He used to say: "Sing from your heart."
My dad has been and will always be my hero.
The question is: Who did the writer think make her confident?
The possible answers are:
A:Whitney Houston.
B:Her father.
C:Her mother.
D:Her brothers.It seems that women and beauty go together.  I think so.  Look around yourself. Fashion ads are almost everywhere.  Whether they have realized or not, a sea of. fashion is all around women.  They are made to think that without beautiful clothes they will look old and lose their charm . So who doesn't want to dress up to be beautiful and young?
But I don't agree with the opinion that women have to show their beauty through their looks.  Their mind can be more beautiful and attractive than their looks.  A woman has experienced many troubles and may be called "aunt", but she can still be beautiful if she has excellent qualities like knowledge, a kind heart and great courage .
What's more,old and young,  beautiful and ugly are relative.  People who keep a young mind will never feel old.  Knowing about new things and wanting to learn more,they can keep up with fashion.  Simply dressed women are also beautiful in their own way.
Reading and learning is the best way to keep one young.  Good books can feed the flower of one's heart and looks.
The question is: Which of the following is the best title for this passage?
The possible answers are:
A:Women and Fashion
B:Beauty and Ugly
C:Women and Beauty
D:How to Keep YoungPaper was not made in southern Europe until the year of 1100.Thouth Scandinavia now makes a great deal of the world's paper, it had not begun to make it until 1500. It was a German named Schaeffer who found out that one could make paper from wood. After that, forest countries, such as Canada, Sweden, Norway, Finland and the United States, became important in paper making. Today in Finland, for example, no industry is bigger than the forest industry. And the paper industry is the most important part of it.
Modern paper-making machines are very big, and they make paper very fast. The biggest machines can make a piece of paper 750 meters long and six meters wide in one minute.
When we think of paper, we think of newspapers, books, letters, envelopes , and writing paper. But there are many other uses. Each year, more and more things are made of paper. We have had paper cups, plates, and dishes for a long time. But now we hear that chairs, a tables and even beds can be made of paper. The newest thing made of paper in the world may be a paper house. It is not a small house for children to play in, but a real, big house for people to live in. it is not expensive. You can put up a paper house yourself in a few hours, and you can use it for about 5 years.
,.
The question is: How long can the biggest modern paper-making machines make a piece of paper 750 meters long and six meters wide?
The possible answers are:
A:In a day.
B:In an hour.
C:In a minute.
D:In a second.Elvis Aron Presley, often called "the king of rock music", died on August 16th, 1977, at the age of forty-two. He left a great influence on popular music, and millions of fans. During his lifetime, Elvis sold more than four hundred million records. After Presley died, many of his records rose quickly. When Presley died, many _ journeyed to Memphis, Tennessee, Presley's home, to pay their last respects . While most of these fans knew a lot about the songs of Elvis, few of them knew the story of how Elvis had made his first recording. Elvis did not really want to become a recording star. His first record was for his mother. He paid four dollars to a small Memphis recording shop, and recorded two songs. The songs were "My Happiness" and "That's Where Your Heartaches Begin". Sam Philips, who owned the shop where Elvis made the record, liked Presley's songs. He said he would call him some day. About a year later, Philips did call and asked him to cut a record. This first record had "Blue Moon of Kentucky" on one side, and "That's All Right, Mama" on the other.
The question is: The passage is mainly about  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:Elvis Presley' mother
B:the beginning of heartaches
C:how Elvis Presley began his career
D:the way to make a recordMovies are great things. They have a long time. They tell us many things. There are funny movies, scary movies and also exciting movies. Different people like different kinds of movies. Comedies are welcomed by the people of all ages. Usually old people also like Beijing Operas and documentaries. Young people, especially  boys like action movies and thrillers. They also like western movies. In western movies they learn something about the life of the cowboys  in western countries, like the USA. Go to movies in the cinema or stay at home to watch them on TV. You can learn a lot.
The question is: People, old and young, like   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:documentaries
B:comedies
C:Beijing Opera
D:romancesTom was the only person alive after a shipwreck, the sea water washed up on a small island.There was nobody on the island,Tom hoped someone could come to save him,and every day he looked at the sea,but he didn't see any ship.
A few days later,Tom built a little hut for himself.But then one day, after looking for food,he arrived home and found his little hut was on fire.The smoke went up to the sky,the worst thing happened,everything was lost,Tom was so sad and angry.He cried.Early next day,however,the sound of a ship woke him up.The ship was coming close to the island.It came to save him!
"How did you know I was here?"Tom asked the men from the ship.
"We saw your smoke,"they answered.
It is easy to get sad when things are going bad,but we shouldn't lose hope.Remember,next time little hut is on fire and we lost everything,maybe the smoke is calling for help for us.For all the bad things happen to us,life has good answers for them.
The question is: What Tom didn't do when he was on the island?
The possible answers are:
A:Looked at the sea everyday.
B:Built a little hut.
C:Made a ship for himself.
D:Looked for food.My name is Mary. This is my family. These are my parents. Their names are Bill and Grace Brown.Those are my grandparents.Their names are Henry and Linda Brown.This is my uncle.His name is John.That boy is my brother. His name is Tony. This is Susan.She is my uncle's daughter.
The question is: Tony and Mary are Susan's   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:cousins
B:brothers
C:sisters
D:parentsQQ is one of the most popular chat tools  among teenagers. We regard it as an important chat tool in our dailylife because it has some advantages.
First, we can make lots of e-friends on QQ. It is easy to find the person who has the same interest as us, and we can talk with him or her happily. Second, we can also join a QQ group to find the information we need. For example, if we want to learn English well, we can choose a group with many English lovers in it. Third, we can also play games with our friends on QQ and always have fun.
QQ brings us a lot of benefits , but it can also cause some problems. It's dangerous to tell strangers on QQ our real personal information like telephone number, address and ID number. If we spend too much time chatting online, it won't be good for our study and health.
The question is: If we want to learn English well, we can   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:do shopping on QQ.
B:always chat in Chinese on QQ.
C:play games with our friends on QQ.
D:join a QQ group with many English lovers in it.Do you have any foreign friends? Do you know their characteristics ?
The Germans are very quiet and they always keep calm. They don't like to speak more words. They look very serious. They like different kinds of amusements. The Germans are very hard--working. They like _ , especially the women, who always keep their home clean.
In some ways, the Englishmen look the same as the Germans. They are very quiet and never talk too much with the strangers. They are really polite, so we often hear they say "Thank you." Or "Sorry." The gentlemen are also the Englishmen.
The French's holidays are very long. They like traveling and usually spend their long time staying in other countries. The Frenchmen are more outgoing than the Germans. It is very easy to make friends with them.
Compared to the Frenchmen, the Americans are more outgoing. And they are even opener than all of the Europeans. They don't like to depend on others. So it is very common that the students do part-time jobs in their free time. And in Americans' eyes, success is an important part in their life.
The question is: In the writer's eyes, the gentlemen are  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:the Germans
B:the Frenchmen
C:the Englishmen
D:the AmericansAmerican and British people both speak English of course. But sometimes it does not seem like the same language. In fact, there are some important differences between British English and American English.
First of all, they sound very different. Often, Americans don't say each word separately. They say several words together. Americans may say "I dunno" instead of "I don't know". Or they may say "Whaddya say?" instead of "What did you say?" however, the British are more careful in their speech. They usually say all the words and keep them _ .
Words sometimes have different meanings too. Some American words are never used in England. The same thing is true of some British words in America. For example, the vocabulary for cars and driving is very different. Americans drive trucks, but in England people drive lorries.
Many expressions are also different in the two countries. In England, if you are going to telephone your friends, you "phone them up". In America, you "give them a call".
There're also some differences in grammar. For example, when Americans ask a question., they say "Do you have a storybook?" But the British often say "Have you a storybook?"
All these differences can be confusing  if you are learning English. But most languages are like this. Languages change over time. When people live in separate places, the languages change in different ways. This is what has happened to English. It can also happen to other languages, such as French. Many people in Canada speak French but their French is very different from the French of France.
The question is: The vocabulary for cars and driving is   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:an example of British English
B:an example of American English
C:the same in America and England
D:not the same in America and EnglandCanada is famous for its winter lifestyle, for the season lasts half the year there. A great example of this is the Quebec Winter Carnival . Quebec is an old city with beautiful historic building, and many agree that winter is the best time to visit. The city comes alive in the snow, especially during the winter festival. People who visit the cold city can find tons of things to do that will make winter seem perfect.
The Carnival has a magical ice palace made with 9,000 tons of snow, a boat race on the St. Lawrence River, and two night parades  with funny people and colorful cars. Other interesting things include a 122-meter ice slide, and a large football game. There is also an exciting dogsled race that runs through six kilometers of the city's streets. With more than 20 teams in the game, the dogsled race is noisy, fun and full of great cheer. Even better, artists from around the world come to enter the snow sculpture  competition. It is amazing how these artists can bring snow to life. The Quebec Winter Carnival has everything for the whole family and more. It is surely a great way to experience winter at its fullest.
Another famous winter festival is on the other side of the world in China. Known as the City of Ice, Harbin is the capital city of Heilongjiang Province, which is next to Siberia. In the winter, it is very cold, and temperatures there can drop to 30degC below zero. Even so, the cold weather makes the city the right place for the Harbin International Ice and Snow Festival. The festival is held every year.
The question is: Which of the following is TRUE about Harbin?
The possible answers are:
A:It is known as the City of Ice.
B:It's famous for its four seasons.
C:It is in Northern China, next to Quebec.
D:It holds an exciting festival every month.Jenny is an English girl. She is a nice girl. and she is my good friend, My name is Amy. My father is John. My mother is Helen. Jack is my brother. I love them. I like singing. Jack likes reading. My favorite color is blue.
The question is: Jenny is Amy's   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:mother
B:sister
C:friend
D:teacherSome advice :
(1) Always play in a safe place. A park is a safe place because there are no cars or trucks. But do not talk to anyone you do not know. Never go with a stranger into a motor car.
(2) Before crossing the road, stop and look both ways. Look left, look right, look left again.
(3) Keep away from houses or building that are being built or knocked down. Something might fall on your head, or you might cut yourself on broken grass.
(4) Medicines or pills can be dangerous. Never swallow any pills or medicines you find in the cupboard.
(5) Wear a life jacket whenever you go out in a boat. Even if you are not in the open sea and the water is not deep, you should have your life jacket on. It's easy to fall out of a boat.
(6) Do not put your head out of a car, bus or train. Many children have been killed by doing this.
The question is: It's   _   to take any pills you find in the cupboard.
The possible answers are:
A:safe
B:safety
C:dangerous
D:dangerMenu
HAMBURGERS                       DRINKS
Chicken            $5.50                  Orange juice       $1.50
Egg                $3.40                  Coke           $3.00
Fish               $4.80                  Coffee             $5.50
Beef               $6.20                  Tea                $2.00
RICE                                 DESSERTS
Fried             $3.50                Ice cream          $2.50
With meat          $5.70               Apple pie          $4.50
With eggs          $4.20                Fruit              $3.50
With vegetables    $3.90                Chocolate        $6.00
The question is: The most expensive food in the above menu is   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:beef hamburger
B:rice with meat
C:coffee
D:chocolate"Cool" is a word with many meanings. It means a little cold at first. As time changes, the word gets many different meanings. We can use "cool" when we talk about something wonderful or somebody looking smart. For example. When you see a beautiful and expensive car in the street, you can say, "It is cool." You may think the popular singer Jay Chow is cool. You can also use the word to mean something new and surprising. Here is an example. One day a teacher took the students to a farm and then asked them to write something about the visit. One of her students just wrote, "The farm is so cool." Because he thought "cool" was the best word to show what he saw and felt. It also shows some people don't have enough words. Without "cool", they seem to have no other words to use. Can you think of any other words like "cool: with so many meanings? If you can they are also very "cool".
The question is: The meaning of the word "cool"   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:is always the same
B:changes a lot
C:is "wonderful or smart"
D:is "new and surprising"Recently, Chinese netizens   enjoy themselves on "growing and stealing crops" on the Internet. This is a game called "Happy Farms". Now more and more people are joining in the game, and getting addicted. Some of them are even found playing the game at work. Because of this, some players have been fired by their bosses. Lovers have broken up, but none of them can stop Happy Farms from becoming more popular.
Here we interviewed some young netizens and let's see what their opinions were.
Nongmin: Playing happy Farms at work, that's terrible! A clerk was fired because she was online playing it at work.
King: I find that all the dreams of having houses and fields, which are very hard to get in real life, are very easy to be realized in the games. I think I know the reason why the game is so popular.
Kaixin: We have to know how to control ourselves. We should keep our minds on study. Games are just games. I prefer to play sports with my classmates when I am free.
Kitty: I like Happy Farms. My high-pressure work makes me feel like I can't breathe. I wish I could have a real house and farm, but it seems so far away. I have to turn to virtual  nature for my own house and farm.
People often get tired from work or study, so they go to their own farms, take care of their crops and pull out weeds. It is really delightful to forget about the pressure. But some players work from morning to night to "grow and steal crops". They lose themselves in the game and show no interest in anything else. It is really terrible.
The question is: _   have the similar idea about "Happy Farms".
The possible answers are:
A:Nongmin and King
B:King and Kitty
C:Kaixin and Kitty
D:Nongmin and KaixinHere is an interview with a painter. Read and choose the best.
Reporter:Mr Shum, you were one of Taiwan's most outstanding youths last year. Why was that?
Mr Shum:Well, I can tell you that there are two reasons.First, I am a painter. Second, and more important reason is I am handicapped . I have no arms and only one leg.
Reporter:Well, how do you paint then if you've got no arms? Do you use your foot?
Mr Shum:Hah! For some handicapped people, it's true and they are able to use their feet.No,I use my mouth. I put my paintbrush or my crayons or pencils or whatever I am using in my mouth. I hold it _ in my teeth and paint or draw like that. It was a little strange for me at first, but it quickly became very easy.
Reporter:I know you feel that you are first a painter and only secondly that you are a disablbed person, but can we talk first about your handicap?
Mr Shum:Well,in fact I think of myself firstly as a person, secondly as a painter and thirdly as someone with a physical handicap. Can I say that I am not happy with the word "handicapped"?
I am a popular painter because my paintings are good, not because they were painted by a handicapped person. "handicapped"means you can't do anything. It is difficult for me to do some things like getting dressed.
Reporter: Were you born with your handicap?
Mr Shum:No. An accident happened to me when I was 15 years old.After that I became depressed and even tried to end my life, but my mother was always there for me.
The question is: What can we learn from Mr Shum's story?
The possible answers are:
A:Comfort in living by painting
B:Pleasure of living with a brave mother
C:Help gives people happiness.
D:What really matters is how you face it.We always celebrated Dad's birthday on Thanksgiving Day. even afier he stayed in a nursing home . When we knew it might be his last birthday, the whole family decided to have a big birthday celebration at the nursing home.
Dad was a good storyteller. But this time I told Dad to listen to some stories for a change. One after another, people told stories from their hearts  , while Dad listened with tears   in eyes. People thought of kinds of stories-stories about when they were little, stories about when Dad was young.
Everyone seemed to have more than one story. Even the little grandchildren couldn't wait to tell Dad why they loved him. For a man who was kind to so many hundreds of people in his life, here was a change to tell him how much we love him. A few months later, at Dad's memorial service  , we fully knew what we gave to Dad that night. Those are the stories people usually tell at a funeral   after his or her death  . They tell stories, full of tears. But we gave those memories  to Dad in his life, and we told them through laughter with hugs and joy. He had them to hold and enjoyed them from time to time in his heart during his last days and months.
That's the ways to give back love and that's our chance  to celebrate a person in his or her life.
The question is: They celebrated Dad's birthday by  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:listening to Dad about his story
B:singing and dancing at the party
C:telling stories about Dad from hearts
D:giving expensive presents to DadOnce Effendi had a joke with the Prime Minister  . He said that the Minister would die the next day. The next day, the Minister fell to the ground from the horse and really died. When the king learned this, he got angry and sent his men to catch Effendi at once.
When Effendi was brought to him, the king shouted angrily, "Effendi, since  you knew when my Minister would die, you must know the date of your own death. Say it out, or you'll die today."
Effendi looked at the king for a while. Then he answered, "But how can I know? I'll die two days earlier than you." The king was afraid that if he killed Effendi, he himself would die after that. He thought he must keep Effendi alive   as long as possible, so he let Effendi go.
The question is: This story tells us   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:how Effendi fooled   the king
B:when the king would die
C:why the Minister died
D:Effendi knew the dates of everyone's deathBob was a homeless boy who lived in a house for homeless children. He always felt lonely and sad. He felt he was a nobody in this world. One day, he said to Mr. White, head of the house, "Why did my parents bring me to this world? What value do I have now?" Mr. White gave Bob a stone and said to him, "Take it to the market, but don't sell it no matter how much money they pay you.
Bob took the stone to a market called Green Market. A man wanted to buy it for 100 pounds, and Bob wouldn't sell it. Later, another buyer would pay more for the stone, but Bob still wouldn't sell it.
The next day in Center Market, the people would buy it at a much higher price. But Bob wouldn't sell it.
The third day, Bob took the stone to Street Market. This time, the people there offered a price which was ten times higher than that in Green Market. But Bob wouldn't sell it.
Bob couldn't understand. He asked Mr. White, " Why did they pay me so much money for just a stone?"
" Even for a stone, if you think it valuable, it will be valuable, " said Mr. White.
,.
The question is: What is the best title for this passage?
The possible answers are:
A:A homeless boy
B:A valuable lesson
C:An expensive stone
D:A house for childrenShould we be afraid of sharks ? Maybe not. New research into the reasons for shark attacks   suggests that sharks don't like the way humans taste! In fact, most people who are attacked by the shark are still alive after receiving only one bite  . Why is this?
There are many opinions to explain why sharks sometimes attack people. One opinion is that sharks are just curious  . We know that sharks are the strongest animals in their environment, so they are not afraid of anything. Naturally, that means they are curious when they meet something unusual. Because they don't have hands or feet., the only way they can find out an object is to bite it! It is thought that sharks sometimes bite humans for this reason, and then swim away.
Scientists also say that sharks would not waste energy trying to eat a human, as we have a lot of bones  . It is hard for a shark to eat us because sharks don't have hands, and they can't pull the meat off our bones. Maybe that's why they only bite us once. Unluckily, one bite from a large shark is serious enough to hurt people greatly!
Another opinion is that sharks attack humans by mistake. Some sharks may sometimes mistake humans for a seal. An example of this is when a shark  attacks a surfer. A surfer lying on a surfboard looks like a seal when seen from below. Sharks like seals because they have thick fat.
Whatever the reason for shark attacks on humans, sharks should be afraid of us. Sadly, we kill almost 40 million of them each year.
The question is: What would the author write the passage mainly for?
The possible answers are:
A:To tell surfers to stay away from sharks.
B:To ask people to stop killing sharks.
C:To let us know the reasons for shark attacks on people.
D:To show that humans are much stronger than sharks.Wonderful Events
HORSE RACING      100 YEARS OF PICTURES
ALL YEAR ROUND      THEN AND NOW (Photo Show)
Races Starting at 3 p.m.     February 1 - April 30
Every Sunday       City Art Museum
Racetrack  only 20 Miles Away  750, High Street
Lots of Parking Space      Tuesday to Sunday
City Stadium      10 a.m. - 5 p.m.
Free Presents
No Children Allowed
WEEKEND SALES       DANCE PARTY
This Saturday 2-6 p.m.     CELEBRATE AN IMPORTANT DAY
EVERYTHING 20-50% OFF    Bring Your Friends
Visit Us at Block G. Grandview Mall  SUNDAY NIGHT, GOUNTRY CLUB
Realize Your Dream, Save Time and  Live Band from 7 p.m.-10 p.m.
Money        Y= 10, and adult
Fall in Love with our Prices   Y= 2, a child
The question is: When can you go shopping at Grandview Mall?
The possible answers are:
A:At 3 p.m. this Saturday.
B:At 3 p.m. this Sunday.
C:At 3 p.m. this Friday.
D:At 3 p.m. every Saturday.On Saturdays, most people are busy shopping. Some of them go to the shops, and some go to the supermarkets. But in American, most shoppers enjoy shopping in the shopping malls.
A mall is a group of many shops. There you can buy clothes, furniture, and everything you need. Shopping malls provide parking for your cars. Usually, the mall is under one roof so the shoppers do not get cold or wet from rain, wind, or snow.
After shopping, you may get tired. You can walk into the sitting-room for a short rest. If you go into the dinning rooms in the malls, you can have a good meal. Now more and more Americans like to go shopping there.
The question is: Most people like to do shopping   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:on weekends
B:on Sundays
C:every day
D:every weekChuck Wall teaches management and human relations at Bakersfield College. He walked into class one day and told his students that their homework was to perform one act of random  kindness. His students did not understand the homework and didn't know what to do, but the professor would not answer their questions. He encouraged his students to work it out for themselves.
One week later, the students entered the classroom excited to share their stories. One student told of giving away blankets to the homeless. Another reported on helping a dog to find its owner, and another student had been trying to find a long, lost friend. Students were energized   by the homework assignment and wanted other people to be kind too. With the support of local businesses, the students made stickers to put on cars that invited people to do something kind for others. They sold the stickers and decided to donate the money to a center for the blind---not surprising as Professor Wall is blind.
Since then, similar kindness activities have been started in schools around the world. Many schools organize a Random Acts of Kindness Week, around November 13th, to celebrate World Kindness Day. Some schools use each day of Random Acts of Kindness Week to perform a different kind act, such as making a new friend, helping someone, doing community service, or raising money for a charity. Students learn to consider other people and thank about how small actions can make the world a better place.
The question is: The professor's homework was to ask his students   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:to write about kindness.
B:to be kind to strangers
C:to spend time helping other
D:to go out to raise moneyNever go into a supermarket hungry! This is a good piece of advice. If you go shopping for food before lunchtime, you'll probably buy more than you plan to. Unfortunately, however, just this advice isn't enough for shoppers these days. Modern shoppers need an education in how and how not to buy things at the store. First, you check the weekly newspaper ads. Find out the items that are on sale and decide if you really need these things. In other words, don't buy anything just because it's cheaper than usual! Second, never let "New and Improved!" or "All Natural" on the front of a package influence you. Instead, read the list of contents on the back. Third,compare prices: that is, you should examine the prices of both different brands and different sizes of the same brand.
Another suggestion for shoppers is to buy ordinary items instead of famous brands. Ordinary items in supermarkets come in plain packages. These products are cheaper because producers don't spend much money on packing or advertising. However, they are still of high quality. In the same way, in buying clothes, you can often find high quality and low prices in brands that are not famous. Shopping in discount clothing stores can help you save a lot of money. Although these stores aren't very attractive, and they usually do not have individual dressing rooms, not only are the prices low, but you can often find the same famous brands that you find in high-priced department stores.
Wise shoppers read magazine ads and watch TV commercials ,but they do this with one advantage: knowledge of the psychology behind the ads. In other words, will-informed shoppers watch for information and check for misinformation. They ask themselves questions: Is the advertiser hiding something in small print at the bottom of the page? Is there any real information in the commercial, or is the advertiser simply showing an attractive image? With the answers to these questions, shoppers can make a wise choice.
The question is: The author gives   _   suggestions to the shoppers in the passage.
The possible answers are:
A:Three
B:Four
C:Five
D:SixYour mom tells you to put on your hat and gloves. But as the cold winter season gets closer, it's so cold that even mom's advice does not work.
That means it's time to put on your qiuku! This is a kind of "thermal underwear " or long underpants that keep people warm in the coldest months of the year.
In Western countries, qiuku is usually known as long johns, but they aren't popular. Long johns in the US are usually two pieces, a long-sleeved  shirt and long pants, worn under other clothing or sometimes even used as pajamas .
Long johns first appeared in England during the 17thcentury. We call them long johns because the US boxer John L. Sullivan wore them while he boxed. But this is not a historical fact.
In the US, it gets quite cold and snowy in many places. And while parents often push kids to wear more clothes and long underwear, _ 
Part of the reason might be because it's not very fashionable  and another reason might be because people don't spend much time outside during the cold months. So they just deal with the freezing  temperatures when they have to leave the warm building. But in their parents' eyes, staying warm is more important than looking nice.
The question is: People wear qiuku to be   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:fashionable
B:popular
C:friendly
D:WarmMy name is Peter. I study in Cambell Middle School. It has a very large building. There are big playgrounds on two sides and a beautiful garden in front.
In the building, there is the headmaster's room, the teacher's rooms and thirty-four classrooms. We also have two labs  and a library in the building. Our library is on the ground floor. It has books almost  on all subjects. It opens after school from Monday to Friday.
Our school has uniforms . Boys wear white shirts and blue trousers. Girls wear white blouses and blue skirts. We all wear black shoes and white socks.
We study English, Maths, History, Biology, Music and PE at school. My favourite subject is Biology. I think it is fun. Our teachers are nice to us. They check  our homework and help us when we need. I love my school and my teachers.
The question is: How does the building look?
The possible answers are:
A:It's very beautiful.
B:It's very small.
C:It's very large.
D:It's very clean.You go to a store. You see many new things. You know about them before you get to the store. How do you know? You saw these things on TV. You learned about them through advertising.
People have been advertising for thousands of years. Long ago, men called "criers" walked up and down the street. They shouted about things that were being sold.
Later, people met at one place. This place was a market. Some people came to sell. Other people came to buy. But only those people who were at the market knew what was being sold.
When people learned about printing, things changed. Soon there were newspapers. Many people read the newspapers. They saw many ads in the papers. Later, more people saw and listened to the ads on TV. Are the people who sell to us "criers"?
The question is: When you go to a store, you see   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:singers
B:advertisement
C:many new things
D:TVAt the shopping mall, you probably think about spending, not saving. Think about all the lights that keep the mall bright. Think about all the water faucets in the toilet. Think about all the air conditioning in summer. Saving energy is a hot topic for such a big place!
Many things at the mall use energy. Electric lights, infrared faucets and air-conditioners need electricity to work. One way to save energy is by keeping lights clean. More and more dust and dirt make the lights less bright. When  malls keep lights clean, they can use fewer lights and keep the area just as bright ,Using fewer lights means using less energy.
You step up to the  water faucet. The water starts to flow. You don't have to touch a thing. Why do malls have such fancy faucets?. The answer is simple. They save water. Sometimes people forget to turn the water off after they wash. Infrared faucets turn themselves off.
The...
The question is: The best title for the passage is   _
The possible answers are:
A:Lights, faucets and air-conditioners
B:Spending less money
C:Energy saving at the mall
D:A hot topicGary and Gavin were twin brothers who worked in a department store owned by their father. After their father had passed away, they took over the store. Everything went well until the day a twenty-dollar bill disappeared. Gary had left the bill on the cash register. But when he returned, the money was gone.
Gary then asked his brother Gavin, "Did you see that twenty-dollar bill on the cash register?" Gavin said that he had not. But Gary did not let it go and kept questioning. "Twenty-dollar bills can't get up and walk away by themselves! Surely you must have seen it." There was accusation in Gary's voice. Tempers began to rise and anger grew. "I said I didn't see it!" Gavin raised his voice.
The quarrel divided the young men and they could no longer work together. Later, a wall was built in the center of the store. For twenty years, they never said a word to each other.
One day, a strange man came to the store. He walked in and asked Gary, "How long have you been here?" Gary replied that he'd been there all his life. "Then you are the person I'm looking for, since I must tell you the truth," the customer said emotionally. "Twenty years ago, I was totally _ and hungry. I entered this store from the back door and saw a twenty-dollar bill on the cash register. And I took it. All these years I hadn't been able to forget that. I had to come back and ask for your forgiveness ."
The stranger felt very surprised when seeing tears come to the eyes of the middle-aged man in front of him. "Would you please go next door and tell the same story to the man in the store?" Gary asked. Then something surprised the stranger even more --- after hearing his story, the two middle-aged men hugged each other and cried together in the front of the wall of the store.
After twenty years, the wall of anger that set them apart finally came down.
The question is: Gary thought   _   took the twenty-dollar bill on the cash register.
The possible answers are:
A:his neighbour
B:Gavin
C:a stranger
D:nobodyTaiwan island, the biggest island of China, is between the South and East China Seas. Almost two-thirds of the island is covered by mountains.
Traveling in Taiwan, you can do lots of things. In Taipei, you can taste all kinds of delicious food . Standing at the top of Taipei 101, the world's tallest building until now, you can get a view of the whole city.
Taiwan has nice natural _ as well. Sun and Moon Lake is a beautiful lake. On one side of the island it looks like the sun, on the other side it looks like the moon. That is why people call the lake the Sun and Moon Lake. Ali Mountain is the nearest mountain around Sun and Moon Lake. You can enjoy a nice experience with Gaoshan people. It's a wonderful place to see a very beautiful sunrise. If you enjoy swimming, fishing, boating and eating delicious fruit and fresh fish, Peng Lake must be a good place to visit. Everywehere in Taiwan, you can see mountains, valleys , and hot springs, together with fields of rice, oranges and tea.
The question is: Where can you enjoy a nice experience with Gaoshan people?
The possible answers are:
A:In Taipei.
B:In Peng Lake.
C:On Ali Mountain.
D:In the East Rift Valley.I think the Buddy Club is great. I really enjoy talking with the older students about school life and growing up. They can tell me a lot. One student told me how he relaxed   before exams. Another student told me about great websites about learning History and English.
The Buddy Club is also a good place to just forget about school altogether! One of the older students taught us origami  . We made paper planes, birds and hats together.
The table tennis tournament  was a great idea. I didn't do very well, but I learnt a lot from watching the doubles tournament won by a fourteen-year-old girl and a seventeen-year-old boy.
Last year, we had the annual   Buddy Club Picnic. Everyone enjoyed the games we played. After I learnt how to fish, I caught two fish in the lake. I think it might be a good idea to change the Buddy Club Picnic to a weekend camping trip. We could learn how to put up   tents   and how to find our way through a forest. Many of the older students know how to do this already, and I think they would like to teach the younger students.
I want to say again how much I enjoy the club. When I'm older, I will make friends with younger students. Then, I can tell them all about school life and growing up.
The question is: Did the writer win the table tennis tournament?
The possible answers are:
A:No, and he was very unhappy.
B:No, but came second.
C:Yes, he won the doubles.
D:No, but he enjoyed watching it.This is my beautiful home. There is a small garden in front of my house. There are many beautiful flowers in the garden. Behind my house there is a big tree. Near the tree, you can see a garage. My father's beautiful car is in it now.
On the first floor, there is a large living room, a dining room, a kitchen and a bathroom. I like watching TV in the living room. On the second floor, there is a small study room and two bedrooms. I love playing with the computer in my study.
What a nice home! I like it very much.
The question is: There is   _  on the first floor.
The possible answers are:
A:a study
B:a bedroom
C:a bathroom
D:a computerLisa is a successful movie star. She plays in a lot of good movies. Many people are her fans   and like her very much. Most people think a star's life is different  . But Lisa doesn't think so. She says, "I am only an ordinary   girl. I like T-shirts and jeans like many girls. I like Chinese action movies best. I am a fan of many Chinese action stars. I like to go to the market  . People can not often recognize   me in the market. It is interesting."
The question is: Lisa is a successful star, because   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:she is beautiful
B:she has many friends
C:she plays in many good films
D:she likes seeing movies very muchThe most common disease in the world is the cold. It often starts with a sore throat . You sneeze and your nose runs. You usually have a headache, too. Often you have a cough later. It's not a serious disease, but you can feel quite bad.
There isn't a cure   for a cold, but you can take some medicine to make you feel better. For example, you can take aspirin   to get rid of   your headache. It is good to rest. and to drink a lot of water, too. A doctor once told me."With the right medicine. a cold will last for seven days. With no medicine, it will go on for a whole week!"
A long time ago, people understood that some plants made them feel better. For example, the juice of lemons   makes a sore throat feel better. In modern times, scientists have found out which chemicals   are in them. Man, of our medicines today are made from those chemicals. There are some diseases that we can't cure yet. And nobody has found a cure for old age. But because of modern medicines, the average people now live longer than their grandparents.
The question is: A cold often starts with   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:headache
B:a cough
C:a pain in your throat
D:feeling a little coldIt was near Christmas during my first term teaching at a new school. I loved my small special class more than any group I had taught in the past. They were hungry for knowledge and I was enjoying teaching.
Other teachers had told me that our children were from poor families and not to expect any child to bring a Christmas gift. In fact, I wasn't expecting any gifts.
Imagine my surprise when every child brought me a gift on the day before our holiday break. First, I got a much-loved toy monkey from a shy girl. I was told, "He is my favorite, but I love you and I want him to be with you, Miss Taylor." How thrilled I was!
Next came a new set of Christmas tree lights that was "missing" from a mother's cupboard .
Finally, I came to one little boy's gift which I had never received. It was an old, dirty and broken Christmas storybook. Just when I wanted to show my happiness, I was interrupted  by the giver, "And see, it is new! It still has the price tag ."
When other children laughed at him, I stopped them and said, "Oh, books are good in that way. The story is always new if you have not read it before. Now, Let's read one together." Everyone listened quietly as I read the most wonderful Christmas story of my life.
I still keep those Christmas gifts. They always remind me of my lovely kids.
The question is: Many gifts were mentioned   in the article except  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:a toy monkey
B:an old storybook
C:a set of Christmas tree lights
D:a Christmas cardBetty and I are best friends.Our birthdays are on the same day,so every year we have a birthday party together.But this year,we had a costume party instead.
While we were writing the invitation,my mum came in and asked."Why not invite John?"John had been in our class for only a few months,but he was always getting better grades in math than anyone else in class.I wrinkled my nose and said,"Mum,he wears the same pants to school every day.How can he even afford a costume?"Mum said nothing.The next day,mum gave me an envelope with a shopping certificate in it."I thought it would be nice of you
to give this to John,"Mum said.But how?We didn't want to make John embarrassed.We discussed it for a long time.Finally,Betty and I had a good idea.
On the day of our party,kids arrived,dressed differently.John arrived,in an old sheet ,but still in the same brown pants as usual.We danced,ate snacks and played games in groups.Before eating the birthday cake,Betty said in a loud voice,"Now it's time for the great prize game.It's the following riddle..."It was a math game.None of us was surprised when John came up with the right answer first and walked off with the envelope.
Everything went on well as we planned.John wore a new pair of pants and a new shirt the next week.He felt happy.So did we.
When we helped others,we need to find a proper way,or we may hurt them in another way.
The question is: How did John get the prize during the party?
The possible answers are:
A:By helping others.
B:By asking for help.
C:By getting good grades in study.
D:By winning the math game.Now and then we all get ill. Then we usually go to see a doctor. Doctors know a lot about what makes us ill. They may give us something to take. The medicine often makes us well again.
But sometimes the doctor's medicine doesn't work. A sick person does not get well. The pain doesn't go away. There was such man. He was in hospital, but he wasn't well. Then he found a new "doctor" inside himself. This "doctor" was his own sense of humor . He saw funny films. He read funny books. And he liked to learn something interesting. Laughing took away his pain. Then he was able to sleep and rest. His own happy feeling helped him to feel well again. And he told his story in a book. He said that laughing was his best "medicine". His doctor thought so, too.
Another man was ill, and he had a terrible pain in his back. The doctors could not stop it from hurting. So the man began to "picture" his pain. In his head he "drew" a picture of a dog. He imagined  it as a real dog. And it was biting  his back. It was hurting him. Then the man talked softly to the dog. He put his hand on the dog's head. He made friends with the dog. And his pain went away!
These stories may surprise you. But more and more people are getting well in this way. So call on the "doctor" inside your own head. And stay happy and well!
The question is: The medicine given by doctors  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:never works well
B:always tastes terrible
C:doesn't work sometimes
D:always makes patients feel worseThis is my first day in our new school. In the morning, I help my new teacher Mr. Hu put some new English textbooks into a big box. And then I carry it to the classroom. The box is very heavy.
I walk very slowly  with the big heavy box in my arms.  A boy runs very fast to me. He can't stop . Oh, dear! My box drops on the floor and there are books everywhere on the floor.
'I'm very sorry.' The boy says again and again. He helps me to pick up  all the books. He then helps me to carry the books to our classroom.
Who is he? He is my classmate. His name is Jim. He comes to China with his father. He comes from England.
The question is: Jim and I are  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:the same age
B:in the same bedroom
C:in the same class
D:Mr. Hu's workmates1Have you ever wondered what goes through your mind when you choose where to sit in a new classroom? Or in a waiting room full of strangers? Or on a bus? Researchers have found out some interesting facts.
2Girls sit by girls and boys sit by boys.Adults sit together and young people choose another young person to sit near.But it goes further than this.We even choose to sit near someone who looks like us.People with glasses are more likely to sit near other people with glasses.People with long hair sit closer to other people with long hair.
3We seem to believe that people with similar habits or hobbies will share similar experiences and we are more likely to be accepted by people like ourselves, or even, we think we may be safer with people who look like us.Sometimes that' s true but it's a pity if we always stay with the same people, the same group.The danger in always staying in our comfort zone  is that we just recycle the same opinions, the same tastes and the same ideas.We lose the chance to learn something new, find out interesting things, hear funny stories and discover differences.
4When we always stay with the same people, how can we break down the barriers which prevent us from getting to know people with different ideas? And how can we avoid the ignorance ? If you want to live in a society that opens to changes, new things and different opinions, be the cat among the pigeons .
5Move out of your comfort zone.Go and sit next to someone different.And don't just sit there in silence.Say hello.Ask a question.Start a conversation.That's how we make friends.That's how we learn about people.That's how we open our minds to new ideas.That's how we live an exciting life.
The question is: The sentence "Unsurprisingly, we prefer to sit closer to people like ourselves." should be put at the beginning of   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:Paragraph 1
B:Paragraph 2
C:Paragraph 3
D:Paragraph 4Coffee has become the most popular American drink. Today people in the United States drink more coffee than people in any of the other countries. People drink coffee at breakfast, at lunch, at dinner and between meals. They drink hot coffee or coffee with ice in it. They drink it at work and at home. They eat coffee ice-cream and coffee candy. Coffee is black and very _ . Different people like to drink it in different ways. Some people like coffee with cream or sugar in it. Other people like coffee with both cream and sugar in it. In all ways it is served. Coffee has become an international drink.
The question is: Coffee is an   _  drink.
The possible answers are:
A:interesting
B:international
C:ice cream
D:AmericanRecently hand-foot-mouth disease has spread across China. In the past three months, there have been about 41,846 cases   in 30 provinces and regions. The number is increasing. Eighteen Chinese children have died of the disease so far this year.
What causes the disease and why is it dangerous?
Hand-foot-mouth disease is a common childhood illness. It mainly affects children under the age of 10. It gets its name from the rash   that develops on the hands and feet. It can also cause blisters   in your mouth.
A child who has the disease will usually have a fever, a runny nose and sore throat. He or she doesn't want to eat or drink because of pain in the mouth.
Hand-foot-mouth disease is mostly not serious. The fever and rash clear within a few days. But in some cases, the virus   affects the heart, lungs or brain. This puts the child's life in danger.
A virus causes hand-foot-mouth disease. The disease spreads easily where a lot of young children are together, such as in a child-care center. Sometimes it can also affect teenagers and adults.
In order not to pass on the virus, good hygiene   is important. We should wash our hands as often as possible. Especially we should wash our hands before meals and after going to the toilet.
The question is: Hand-foot-mouth disease   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:is a kind of cancer
B:isn't dangerous at all
C:can cause death
D:will disappear soonEarly to bed, early to rise, makes a man healthy, wealthy and wise.
This is an old English saying. Do you know it before? It says that we must go to bed early and get up early in the morning. Then we should be healthy. We should also be rich (wealthy) and clever (wise).
This is true. The body must have enough sleep to be healthy. Children of a young age should have ten hours' sleep every night. Children who don't have enough sleep can't do their work very well. They will not be wise and they may not become wealthy!
The body also needs exercise. Walking, running, jumping, swimming and playing games are all exercise. Exercise keeps the body strong.
Exercise also keeps the blood moving around inside the body. This is very important. Our blood takes food to all parts of our body. The head also needs blood. Exercise helps us to think better!
The question is: Which of the following is not true?
The possible answers are:
A:Exercise is good for a person's head
B:A student should have 10 hour's sleep.
C:It's good for you to get up early and go to bed early.
D:If you have enough blood, you'll be wiseI lost my red schoolbag in our library.  My key is in it.  I must find it.  Please call me at 6755321.
Thank you.
Jason, Class 332
Brandy found a white watch under a desk in his classroom.  Is it yours? Please ask Mr.  Hanson for it.
His telephone number is 8974588.
Class 213
Alan, your baseball is on the table of our computer room.  We found it under the bookcase.  Please call
2315649 to get it.
Computer Room
Where is my pencil box? It's green. A black pen and an ID card are in it.  I'm in Class 234.  My phone number is 3541679.  Please call me.
Robert
The question is: Mr.  Hanson's phone number is  _
The possible answers are:
A:6755321
B:8974588
C:2315649
D:3541679My grandfather Jack is 96 years old, and he has had an interesting life. He has travelled a lot in his life in the Far East. He visited the Taj Mahal in India and the Pyramids in Egypt. He hunted   lions in Africa, and rode a camel in the Sahara Desert. He says the most beautiful place he has travelled to is Kathmandu in Nepal.
Jack has married twice. His first wife died when she was 32. He met his second wife Maria while he was cycling round France They have been married for 50 years, and they have lived happily in a small village since they got married.
Jack says that he has never been ill in his life. The secret of good health, according to my grandfather, is exercise He goes swimming every morning. He has done this since he was a boy. He also has a glass of wine every night! Perhaps that is his secret!
The question is: Which of the following does Jack think is the most beautiful place?
The possible answers are:
A:Kathmandu.
B:The Pyramids
C:The Sahara Desert.
D:Taj MahalMaybe you often have arguments with your parens about clothes , homework,friends and many other things. But what's going on when your parents fight with each other? Most teenagers feel sad or afraid when their parents fight. They might think their parents don't love each other any more and that their arguments will lead to a divorce .
In fact, it is normal for parents to disagree and argue sometimes. They might disagree about important things like jobs and family decisions. They might even disagree about little things that don't seem important at all---like what's for dinner. Maybe sometimes parents feel so strongly about their differences that it may lead to arguments. However, these arguments are often over quickly. Parents may say sorry and _ ,and the family returns to normal.
As a family member, you should find out what it really means when your parents fight. When your parents get angry with each other, they might say things they don't really mean.Most people may lose their cool, so if your parents are fighting, don't worry too much about it. Try to find a good way to solve it .
If your parents' fighting really bothers you, you might find it hard to sleep or go to school. If this happens, try talking to your parents about their behavior. They may not even realize it until you tell them how their arguments has affected you. You can also tell other relatives, a teacher or a close friend.
Just remember that no family is perfect and arguments are common in every family.
The question is: Which is NOT mentioned about the arguments between parents and teenagers?
The possible answers are:
A:Homework.
B:Friends.
C:Jobs
D:ClothesA Nepalese teenager had made a PS 23 solar panel ( ) using human hair.
Milan Karki, who is 18 years old and lives in a village, used human hair to replace  silicon, which is a common but expensive part of solar panels. By using hair as a replacement, Karki says that solar panels can be produced for around PS 23.
Karki got the idea from a Stephen Hawking book, which explained how to create energy from hair. The device   that Karki has showed can produce 18w of energy -- plenty to _ a mobile phone.
"Half a kilo of hair can be bought for only 16p in Nepal and last a few months; but a pack of batteries   would cost 50p and last a few nights," according to The Daily Mail.
The solar panel is easy to service as the hair is easy to replace. Karki has now sent out several devices to other places near his home for testing. He said, "First I wanted to provide energy for my home, then my village. Now I am thinking for the whole world."
The question is: What is the passage mainly about?
The possible answers are:
A:Making a mobile phone with human hair
B:Making a mobile phone with a new idea.
C:Making a solar panel with silicon.
D:Making a solar panel with human hair.We humans live in different parts of the world, but we have the same "mother". She gives us everything we need in our daily life. She is our Mother Earth.
April 22 is Earth Day. The theme of this year is "Green Cities".
A green city is a healthy and pleasant place for people to live, according to the United Nations.
A green city can get its energy from renewable   sources like solar   and wind power. Also, it is connected by clean public transportation. Moreover, a green city is made up of facilities   that can save energy and reduce waste.
Around the world, many cities and countries have done well to build themselves in a green way.
Chicago is well known for its green roof   program. These roofs are covered with plants. The plants get a great amount of rainwater. Later, the water evaporates   to help make the air cool and clean. So far, there are about 360 green roofs in Chicago, according to the US Environmental Protection Agency.
Curitiba, Brazil, has great transportation. It opened the world's first bus rapid transit (BRT) system in 1974. BRT runs on special lanes. This makes sure that buses are on time even in traffic jams. With the help of BRT, the city has the lowest level of air pollution in Brazil. Today, many other countries have copied BRT, including China and Mexico.
Singapore is home to the first zero-energy building in Southeast Asia. Zero energy means a building is able to create more energy than it uses. Zero-energy buildings work with solar panels   mainly on roofs. These panels can make electricity which powers the buildings. By 2030, Singapore plans to build 80 percent of its buildings like this.
The question is: The article mentions that there is BRT in the following countries EXCEPT   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:Brazil
B:Singapore
C:China
D:MexicoHere are two stories from different parts of the world. They seem strange but, believe it or not, they re all true!
John Lee was an Englishman who refused to be hanged! In 1884 the police said Lee had killed an old woman who he used to work with. There was nothing to show that Lee had killed the woman. Lee told the police he hadn't done it, but no one believed him and he was going to be hanged. On the day of the hanging, however, the door in the floor, through which Lee's body would fall, did not open. They tried three times but each time the door stayed closed, even though it had worked well the day before. In the end they sent Lee back to prison, where he lived for the next twenty-two years. At all times, John Lee said he hadn't killed the woman, and he believed it was the "hand of God" that had saved him from death by hanging.
The police in Venezuela  in South America followed a man home one night. He was the thief they wanted to catch. However, half of his house was standing in Venezuela and the other half was standing in Colombia  . Venezuela's neighbor. When the police entered the house, the man ran upstairs to his bedroom, which was in Colombia, and called his lawyer  . The Venezuelan police were not allowed to enter Colombia so they could not enter the bedroom. They asked the police in Colombia to help. The Colombian police refused to help because the man's crime  was not a crime in Colombia. In the end, the Venezuelan police gave up and went back to the police station.
The question is: What do we1know about the door in the floor?
The possible answers are:
A:It had opened the day before the hanging.
B:It had been broken a long time.
C:After three times, it opened.
D:John Lee's dead body fell through it.Tom is thirteen years old. He is in Grade Seven this year. He likes playing football and watching football matches. And he often reads newspapers. He does his best to know when and where there is going to be a football match. Now Tom is having lunch and he is also reading newspapers. He is very happy because there is going to be a nice football match on TV at four this afternoon. He wants to watch it very much, but he is going to have English and maths lessons in the afternoon. He thinks hard and finds a way.
"Hello, Mrs Black,"Tom says to his teacher on the telephone."Tom is ill in bed. He wants to ask for half a day's leave ."
"Oh, I'm sorry to hear that,"says Mrs Black."But who is that?"
"It's my father, Mrs Black,"Tom answers.
The question is: What does the teacher think of Tom after she hears Tom's last words?
The possible answers are:
A:She knows Tom will watch a football match.
B:She knows Tom's father is calling her.
C:She knows Tom is honest .
D:She knows Tom is telling a lie .Whenever the sun dropped and the blue sky came up, my father and I used to climb the mountain near my house. Walking together, my father and I used to have a lot of conversations through which I learned lessons from his experiences. He always told me, "You should have goals like climbing the mountain." Without the mountain-climbing that we both enjoyed, we couldn't have enough time to spend together because my father was very busy. I really got a lot from the mountain-climbing. It gave me time to talk with my father and to be in deep thought as well as develop my patience.
Once we climbed a very high mountain. It was so challenging for me because I was only ten years old. During the first few hours of climbing, I enjoyed the flowers and trees, and the birds' singing. But as time passed, I got a pain in both of my legs. I wanted to quit climbing, but my father said to me,
At that time, I was too young to understand his words. But later after that, I got to know the meaning of hope in life. I found myself standing at the top of the mountain, and the sky was as clear as
.
The question is: The passage tells us that mountain-climbing was    _    for the father and the son.
The possible answers are:
A:hard
B:enjoyable
C:painful
D:comfortableDear Jenny,
I'm sorry you're sick and can't come to school this week. Let me tell you what you have on Monday next week.
We have math at 8:00. How boring! Then we have English. That's interesting. I know you love English. Next is P.E.. The fourth lesson is art. That's my favorite subject! In the afternoon, we have history with Mr. Chen. He is fun but history isn't.  Then at 2:00 we have science with Miss Jones. You know how strict she is. I don't like her. Our last class of the day is math.
Yours,
Ben
The question is: How many lessons do they have on Monday?
The possible answers are:
A:Four
B:Five
C:Six
D:sevenI love collecting old paving bricks ( ). It is my favourite hobby. I started it last year when I needed to help our teacher to hold a fair display ( ) for our school. A few years earlier, I read an article about paving bricks in a fashion magazine. I found it was very interesting, so I decided to do the display on the bricks. But we didn't have so many bricks for a good display. Then I decided to go out and look for them.
Now I have collected hundreds of bricks. Most of them are from Ohio ( ). Actually , there are more than one thousand different kinds of bricks in Ohio. Sometimes, I bought some old but special bricks on the Internet. The price is from 5 to 10 dollars for one brick.
Sometimes, people can't understand why I buy bricks. I must say that it's my favourite hobby.
The question is: Now I have collected  _   different kinds of bricks.
The possible answers are:
A:about 100
B:about 1000
C:about 200
D:several hundredLuo Zhixiang is a popular singer, an actor and a TV host. His English name is Show. He dances well. He is often called "Dancing King of Asia". He now becomes more and more popular.
Show is from Taiwan Island. He is tall and cool. A lot of people love him very much because they love his songs and his wonderful voice.
He is handsome now. but he was very fat in high school. So he got a nickname  "Pig"at that time. His classmates made fun of him sometimes. But he exercised and lost weight  successfully .
Now he is glad that people call him "Pig". He likes showing himself to others. The people around him are very happy to see his performance . Show is hard-working. His TV show is successful. Many people like watching _ . He often says, "If you have a chance, just do it!" He does it. Maybe it is why he is so successful.
The question is: Luo Zhixiang has a nickname "Pig" because   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:he is very fat now
B:he likes eating pork
C:he was fat in high school
D:he is as healthy as a pigClothes are important and necessary to us, but do you know how to choose suitable clothes in a correct way? Here are some ideas for you.
When you go shopping and want to buy some clothes,you should think about which kind of clothes you really need and decide how much money you can spend on them.Then look at the _ that are inside the new clothes. They tell you how to take care of the clothes.The label for a shirt may tell you to wash it in warm water. A sweater label may tell you to wash it in cold water. The label on a coat may say "dry clean only" and cleaning in water may ruin this coat. If you do as the directions say on the label, you can keep your clothes looking their best.
Many clothes today must be dry-cleaned. Dry cleaning is expensive. When buying new clothes, you had better check if they need to be dry-cleaned. You can save money if you buy clothes that can be washed or that are well-made. Well-made clothes last longer. They look good even after they have been washed many times.
Clothes that cost more money don't always mean they are better made. They may not fit you, either. On the other hand, less expensive clothes may sometimes look better and fit you well.
The question is: The first thing for you to do before you buy clothes is  _  .               .
The possible answers are:
A:to know how to wash them
B:to 1ook for well-made clothes
C:to read the directions inside them
D:to see which kind of clothes you needAlthough he died almost 40 years ago,Bruce Lee is still considered the greatest and most influential kung fu performer of the 20th century.His films brought traditional Hong Kong kung fu movies to a new level of popularity,and introduced kung fu to millions of people in the West. 
Bona in the USA in 1940,Lee returned to his native Hong Kong before his birthday.As a teenager,the highly intelligent boy was accepted into one of Hong Kong's most famous middle schools but he paid little attention to his studies. He was more interested in sport,especially kung fu,and hanging out with his street-gang friends. In 1959,Lee got into trouble with the police for fighting.His mother,fearing he would end up in prison,sent him to the USA. Two years later,he began studying at university there.
While still a student,Lee opened his own kung fu school,teaching a new fighting style he had developed.What made Lee's style different was that it used power,strength and,quick--action attacks.It also combined Japanese,Korean and South American fighting styles with traditional stow--moving Chinese kung fu.
Among Lee's students were several famous actors who,impressed by his good--looks and fighting skill,encouraged him to start acting.Over the next fire years Lee achieved some Success in America.But his dream of introducing his fighting style into American movies was not accepted by local film makers who thought western audiences were not interested in kung fu.
Determined to prove them wrong,Lee returned to Hong Kong in 1970.There he made two films
(1971)and
(1972),using his kung fu ideas and techniques.The movies were huge hits world--wide,making Lee an international star and symbol of kung fu.These were followed by what is widely considered the greatest kung fu movie of all time,
(1973).Tragically however,Lee suddenly and mysteriously died while making his next movie
. He was only 33 years old.
The question is: What was Lee's dream according to the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:To develop a new style of kung fu.
B:To become a famous movie star.
C:To make movies using his fighting style.
D:To teach Americans kung fu.Students these days often have a lot of worries. Sometimes they have problems with their schoolwork, and sometimes with their friends. _ Some people think the worst thing is to do nothing. Laura Mills, a teenager from Washington, agrees. "Problems and worries are normal in life," says Laura. "But I think talking to someone helps a lot. If we don't talk to someone, we'll certainly feel worse."
Laura once lost her purse, and worried for days. She was afraid to tell her parents shout it. She even walked three miles to school each day because she didn't have any money. She just kept thinking. "If I tell my parents, they'll be angry!" But in the end, she talked to her parents and they were really understanding. Her dad said he sometimes made careless mistakes himself. They got her a new purse and asked her to be more careful. "I will always remember to share my problems in the future!" Laura says.
Robert Hunt advises students about common problems. He feels the same way as Laura. "It is best not to avoid our problems. We should always try to solve   them." He thinks that you can first find someone to talk to. This person doesn't need to be an expert   like himself. Students often forget that their parents have more experience than them, and are always there to help them.
In English, we say that sharing a problem is like cutting it in half. So you're halfway to solving a problem if you talk to someone about it!
The question is: According to the passage Robert Hunt might be   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:Laura's teacher
B:the writer of the passage
C:a person with a problem
D:an expert on students'problemsDo you ever fight with your little brother or sister? How would you like to travel around the world with them in a musical group? Sisters Johanna and Klara Soderburg are doing just that in their band, First Aid Kit! The two sisters are sweeping the world with a perfect mix of pop and folk music.
The Soderburg sisters come from Sweden. Their music sounds like music from the 1960s. They both play several instruments. And, since they are sisters, their voices fit together perfectly!
Like many other teen stars before them, the two girls got their start on the website, YouTube. Their singing caught the attention of a Swedish musician. It wasn't long before people all over the world discovered their music!
The sisters don't just sing or play instruments; they also write their own music and design all of their album art!They have worked very hard, and they _ four new songs at the beginning of 2011! If you want to hear the songs, check out their music in YouTube for yourself! Listen to see why First Aid Kit is your new favorite band!
The question is: People got to know Johanna and Klara Soderburg  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:in the magazine
B:on the radio
C:on TV
D:on the Internet"Who did this?" asked my teacher. Thirty children tried to think about not only what they had done, but also what our teacher might have found out.
"Who did this?" she asked again. She never became angry, but she was this time. She held up a piece of broken glass and asked, "Who broke this window?"
"Oh, oh," I thought. I was the one who broke the window. I did not do it on purpose  . It was caused by a bad throw of a baseball. Why did it have to be me?
If I admitted   it, I would be in a lot of trouble. How would I be able to pay for a big window like that? "My father is going to get angry at me," I thought. I didn't want to raise   my hand, but something much stronger than me pulled it up.
"I did it," I said. Then I was silent. It was hard enough saying what I had.
My teacher went to one of our bookshelves and took down a book. She then began walking towards my desk. I had never known my teacher to strike   a student, but I feared she was going to start with me.
"I know how you like birds," she said as she stood looking down at my face. "Here is the field guide about birds   that you always _ from our school library. It is yours now. We have got a new one for the school. You will not be punished  . But remember, it's only for your honesty."
I couldn't believe it! I wasn't being punished and I was getting my own bird field guide, the one that I had been saving up all my money to buy.
The question is: The writer mainly wants to tell us that   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:he who is honest is wise
B:better late than never
C:practice makes perfect
D:a friend in need is a friend indeedBasketball is still a young game. It's over a hundred years old . In the winter of 1891, a certain college was having some trouble with its boy students. The weather was bad and the students had to stay indoors . As they couldn't play outdoors , they were unhappy ,and some even got into fights from time to time .
Some of the teachers at the college asked Dr Naismith to invent a game so that the students might have something to play with. It was ont easy to invent such a game, because it had to played indoors , and the court was not very large.
Dr.Naismith thought for a few days and invented a kind of  ball game .It is a wonderful game with much moving and passing of  the ball .It was played between two teams .To make a score, the ball had to be thrown into the basket ten feet  above the floor on the wall. At each end of the court there was such a basket .At first, Dr.Naismith wanted to throw the ball into a box, As he could not find boxes of the right size, he had to use fruit baskets instead. That is how the game got its name .
The question is: When a student  makes a score . he could  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:receive the ball
B:throw the ball to another student
C:run quickly with the ball in his hand
D:throw the ball into the basketA famous building in New York City is turning 100 years old. A year-long celebration is planned for Grand Central Terminal, which is usually called Grand Central station, the sixth most-visited place in the world.
The huge building has not changed much since it opened in February, 1913. About 750,000 people pass through Grand Central every day. Some just come to look at it, others to visit the stores. But most are there to catch the trains that enter and leave from the station. It is the largest train station in the world. There are 67 train tracks, all of them underground.
The main part of the building has large, arched windows, a jeweled four-sided clock and ticket windows. Grand Central has been seen in many movies through the years. Dan Brucker is with the New York Transit Authority, which operates the station. Dan Brucker has worked for the transit authority at Grand Central for 30 years. In all those years, he has not lost his interest in the building.
Justin Ferate, a historian, has been giving tours of Grand Central Station for 30 years. He says the station was designed to make travel a pleasure.
"Why people don't run into each other in Grand Central is simple: each block of stone in Grand Central is the length of your leg. Each block of stone in Grand Central is the length of your arm. Each block of stone is a different color, so it's a checkerboard, based on you."
A ten-year-long fight against plans to build a huge office building over Grand Central in 1968 helped create the modern preservation  movement. Now, no one would think of changing the beauty of the station.
The question is: Which of the following statements can we infer according to the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:The station won't be changed.
B:People will spend one month celebrating its anniversary.
C:More and more people will catch the trains in the station
D:The station will become larger and larger.One day a famous teacher was walking with his student. On the way, they saw a lake. They stopped and the teacher told the student, "I'm thirsty. Get me some water from that lake."
Just when the student reached the lake, a cow was walking in the lake. So the water became very dirty. He thought "I can't give the dirty water to my teacher!"
He came back and told the teacher, "The water is very dirty. We can't drink it." After about half an hour, the teacher asked the student to get some water again. So he went back to the lake.
But the lake was still dirty. So he told the teacher the same thing. After some time, the teacher asked him to go back again. But this time, he found the water was clear. The mud in the water came to the bottom. So he got some water.
The teacher looked at the water and said to him, "You did nothing to make the water clear. You just let it be. Your mind is also like that! When it is bothered , just let it be. Give it some time."
The question is: How many times did the student go to the lake?
The possible answers are:
A:Twice.
B:Three times.
C:Four times.
D:Once.In the sea there are many islands. In its warm waters there are some little ones. We call them coral  islands.
A coral island is very nice to look at. It looks like a ring of land with trees, grass, and flowers on it. One part of the ring is open to the water. There is a little round lake inside the island.
If you look into this lake, you will see beautiful coral. You may think they are flowers.
If you look at a piece of coral, you will see many little holes in it. In each of these holes a very small sea animal has lived. These sea animals make the coral.
They began to build under the water. Year after year, the coral grew higher and higher. At last it grew out of the water.
Then the sea brought to it small trees and something else. After some years, these things changed into earth. Sometimes the wind brought seeds to this earth. Sometimes birds flew over it and brought seeds to the island. The little seeds grew. In a few years there were plants all over the island. In a few more years there were trees growing there.
So you see, these islands were built little by little. The workers were very small. Don't they teach us a lesson? Can you think what the lesson is?
The question is: In the sea   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:there are no coral islands
B:there are some coral islands
C:the water is always warm
D:we can see many flowers and fishesOne day, an old man went(go)for a walk in a park in Washington, and when he was(is) tired, he sat(sit) down on a bench . A young person  was standing on the other side of the pond .
"My goodness" the old man said(say)to the person sitting next to him on the bench."Do you see the person with loose pants "and long hair? Is it a boy or a girl?"
"A girl," said the person sitting next to the old man. "She's my daughter."
"Oh!" the old man said quickly, "please excuse me. I didn't know that you are her mother."
"I'm not her mother," said the person."I'm her father!"
The question is: The person sitting next to the old man was   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:the young person's father
B:the young person's mother
C:the old man's brother
D:the old man's sisterChina's air pollution problems are more serious these days. But just try to remember that the air pollution shouldn't stop you from enjoying life in China. Here are some tips for you to keep the smog away.
Watch the weather report.
As you can see, it will give you an _ of pollution, but my general rule is: if it's above 80, wear a face mask and limit time to spend outside; if it's below 80, go outside and enjoy the day, open all the windows to get some much-needed fresh air and exercise. But do not exercise outside if the pollution is high. I went running once when it was around 120, and I was ill and missed several days of work.
Get a house plant that cleans the air.
A house plant can make your home beautiful and clean the air. I have some plants and just yesterday, I bought another plant. At that time I didn't know it could clean the air. I just got it because it could make me feel better.
Never open the windows.
No matter how hot and wet it is inside, just wait until it is a nice day to air your apartment. Just stay at home and do some things you like.
The question is: Getting a house plant can   _   and make you feel happy.
The possible answers are:
A:clean the air
B:make your house dirty
C:take you calm
D:let your heart slow downHello, I'm Jones. I want to go to the following three places.
I would like to visit Harpo Studios in Chicago, because it hosts  The Oprah Winfrey Show. I really love Oprah Winfrey. I want to meet her. It doesn't snow in my country. Chicago is in the northeast of the USA. I'd like to be there, see snow.
Paris is the most beautiful city in the world. I would like to visit its beautiful streets and the famous Eiffel Tower. Paris has many zoos. So I can go to the zoos and have a look at the animals. There are many cars on the streets, but I can take the subway to get around the city.
On my summer vocation, I would like to go to Barcelona. First, there are many beautiful beaches. Second, there are well-known desserts and fruits in Barcelona.
The question is: Jones wants to go to Chicago to   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:watch animals
B:eat delicious food
C:meet Oprah Winfrey
D:workEveryone needs friends. Friends bring us happiness and hope in our lives. But the ability to make friends changes from person to person. To some people, making friends is easy, and to others it's very difficult.
Making friends is a skill, and the first thing is to know how to get along with others.
If you have trouble in making friends, maybe I can tell you how to do it.
Realize your own good points. You have skills and talents that others will like.
Believe that you are a good person and have something nice to share with others.
Be humorous. Learn to laugh at yourself and your weakness. Remember to smile to others.
Respect others. Everyone has his own idea. Learn how to listen to others' ideas without trying to make them accept yours.
Be kind. If you are kind to others, they will usually be kind to you. There are hundreds of little things you can do to show kindness. Open the door for someone. Wave to a friend and so on.
Don't complain. Learn to accept what you can't change, and work hard to change what you can. No one is willing to hear your complaining all the time.
Never give up. Even if you are faced with some closed-minded people, never give up. And try to find someone who will understand you.
The question is: Why do we need friends according to the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:Friends can do everything for us.
B:Friends can bring us happiness.
C:Friends accept our ideas all the time.
D:Without friends we could not live.Drinking water is good for your health. There are some scientific ways of drinking water.
1. It is the best medicine to drink two glasses of water in the morning.
2. Drink clean water.
3. Drink the water that has not been boiled.
Many people think boiled water is safe and good to people's health. In fact, it is not true. The boiling point of water is 100degC. By boiling it, most bacteria in water can be killed. In the past, the water was less polluted. So boiling was a good way to make clean water. But heavy metals and other dangerous things in today's water are much more terrible than bacteria. Boiling doesn't fix that problem. And boiling water may give us more of the dangerous things in our glass.
4. Never use soft drinks to take the place of water.
5. Water is also needed in winter.
6. Drink water at the right time.
1) After getting up in the morning, you have less water in your body, because you weren't drinking for the whole night. So you should drink some water to keep your health after getting up in the morning. That can prevent high blood pressure, cerebral hemorrhages and so on.
2) Drinking water at about 10 am helps your body keep enough water.
3) Drinking water at about 3 pm can clean out the wastes in your body.
4) About eight o'clock in the evening is the best time to drink water. Your blood gets thicker when you sleep. Water will make your blood less thick.
Besides, we should drink 2L of water every day. Water is so important for our life. We should drink water often.
The question is: From the passage, we can see the best time to drink water is  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:about eight o'clock in the morning
B:about eight o'clock in the evening
C:before supper
D:at nightI'm Kate. I'm an American girl. I am thirteen. I'm in a middle school in Shanghai. My English teacher is a Chinese girl. My good friend is Mary. She is an English girl. She is thirteen, too. She is in Wuhan. I'm in Grade Eight. But she is in Grade Nine. We often have a talk by E-mail. We are both good students.
The question is: Mary and Kate are (at) the same   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:school
B:class
C:age
D:gradeSusan is a 14-year-old girl. She lives in New York with her parents. Her father works in a horse-riding school. She also likes riding a horse . Susan goes horse-riding every Saturday and she can ride very well now. At the horse-riding school, she helps to give the horse food and water when the classes are over. She also cleans _ .
Susan writes something about horse-riding in her blog  .
When you ride a horse for the first time, it's very difficult! The first thing you learn is to get onto a horse. Then you learn to move  up and down like the horse. If you don't do that, it is very uncomfortable  for you and the horse! At first you learn to walk the horse around. Then you learn to run slowly. When your teacher thinks you ride well, you can learn to jump .Not everyone has to learn to jump, but I like jumping. It is exciting!
The question is: Which is the following is TRUE?   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:Susan's father works in a middle school
B:Susan goes to the horse-riding school every day
C:Susan can't use a computer
D:Susan likes jumping on the horseIn our city,there is a big zoo. There are a lot of animals in it.
Mona is an Australian koala. She is seven years old. She is very cute. She likes sleeping during the day. But at night she gets up and eats leaves. Mona doesn't drink water for months. But she is healthy,because she can get water from the leaves.
Here is a big house. A lion lives in it. His name is Gerry. He is ugly. He is from Africa. Meat is his favorite food. Gerry is very lazy. He sleeps and relaxes for 20 hours every day. Today is Gerry's eighth birthday. The workers in the zoo are having a birthday party for him.
This is a big elephant. His name is Johnny. He is from India .He's eleven years old. He has bad eyesight .He likes to eat grass. He's friendly and clever. People can teach him to do things for them.
Tuantuan is a cute panda. She is five years old. She's from China. She is very beautiful,but she's very shy,so please keep quiet. She likes eating bamboos and drinking water. She relaxes about 10 hours every day.
The question is: Gerry is   _   years old.
The possible answers are:
A:5
B:7
C:8
D:11Every winter the Indians caught beavers  .They sold these beaver furs to men from France. In the 1600s and 1700s,people in France wanted beaver furs for coats and hats. Other countries wanted these furs, too . Wearing a beaver fur hat became a sign .It said ,"Look at this man! This man is rich!"
In the 1800s,men in this country began to wear beaver hats. They too, wanted to wear the sign that said," Look at those men! They are rich!"
Soon it was hard to find beavers. To get more beaver furs, traders had to move West. Traders began to explore this new country. They came back with wonderful stories about the new land. Before long, many people wanted to go West to live.
Where people go, towns grow. Soon there were new towns in the West. Men looking for beaver for fancy(,) hats helped the West grow.
The question is: What did the traders do when beavers were hard to find?
The possible answers are:
A:To get more beaver furs, traders had to move West.
B:The traders had to find rich men wearing signs.
C:The traders had to wear beaver hats out West.
D:They made friends with beavers.I'm pretty sure everyone wants to visit Europe at least once in their lifetime. Here's a list of the most amazing places to visit in Europe.
Riviera
Wow, this is such a beautiful place in Italy. The Cinque Terre is a very beautiful national park, which connects five beautiful villages. Walking paths connect the villages, follow the coastline and offer hikes through hills. The villages remain unaffected by tourism.
Tuscany
Another Italian region, Tuscany is simply attractive. The buildings there are amazing, and the culture is special. From the historical center of Florence to the Cathedral of Pisa, it's a once-in-a-lifetime experience. Make sure you check out the nature reserves, and enjoy a few bottles of the very famous wine.
Lauterbrunnen
Since a school trip here, I've always wanted to revisit this city in Switzerland. The city always seems as if it's trapped in time. There are untouched fountains and springs everywhere, and a huge number of waterfalls and valleys. The area is very popular for skiing.
The Greek Islands
There are plenty of places to visit in Greece. But I love the Greek Islands best. White houses and beautiful churches, beaches and Aegean Sea make this a very popular place to visit. However, there is more to do here than just sunbathe. I cannot wait to go back and check out the caves and culture that make the Greek Islands one of the best places in Europe.
Venice
I am a big Italy lover, and Venice is another city that is not to be missed. It has its own share of history, art and attractive buildings. However, the attraction comes from the pedestrian   -- only streets and rivers filled with boats.
The question is: According to the passage, people who are interested in waterfalls and valleys would most probably go to   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:Riviera
B:Tuscany
C:Lauterbrunnen
D:the Greek IslandsThere are two websites I think you should know about. Do you find it difficult to say a word correctly? Do you want to hear the correct pronunciation ? If so, what you've been looking for is cooldictionary.com. This site is designed to pronounce words and phrases in precise  manner. All you have to do is to go to the Pronunciation Help and type in a word. You can also practice your spoken English and improve your communication skill.
Another useful site is www.nutsandboltsguide.com. It has been specifically designed to help you with every step of writing. This site is a must-visit for all those who want to become a writer. It not only talks about different kinds of writing but also discusses a lot about grammar. I'm sure that this site will help you with your writing skills and different writing styles with its sound tips. So get connected and log in to play. Happy surfing!
The question is: What is not offered on the website  _  ?
The possible answers are:
A:Sound tips on how to write
B:Guide to different stages  of writing
C:Advice on grammar learning.
D:The pronunciation of each word in your article.Hello! My name is Mark Brown. I am in Shanghai, China now. I am a student in a middle school. I like green and blue. I have a blue cup.
I have two friends. One is Liu Wei, a girl, and one is Fang Jun, a boy. Liu Wei's telephone number is 6523-4476. She has a black jacket and she likes it. Fang Jun has no phone. His QQ number is 80123354. He has a jacket, too. He likes yellow. He has a yellow ruler and a yellow pen.
.
The question is: Mark    _   .
The possible answers are:
A:is in Beijing
B:is a student
C:likes black
D:has a blue penOnce there was a man and a woman. They had been married for more than 60 years. They kept no secrets from each other except that the old woman had a shoe box under her bed. She told her husband never to open or ask about it.
For all these years, he had never thought about the box. But one day the old woman got very sick and the doctor said she would never get better.
The woman said it was time that he should know what was in the box. The old man took the shoe box to his wife's bedside.
When he opened it, he found two beautiful doilies  and some money. The money was $25,000.
"When we got married, "she said, "my grandmother told me that the secret of a happy family was never to fight. She told me if every time I got angry with you, I should just keep quiet and crochet  one doily."
The old man was so moved because only two doilies were in the box. He thought she had only been angry with him twice in all those years.
"My dear," he said, "but what about all the money? Where did it all come from?"
"Oh," she said, "that's the money I made from selling the doilies. So far, I have sold 2,500 doilies."
The question is: From the story, we can infer  the old woman had been angry with her husband  _  times before she told him the secret.
The possible answers are:
A:25,000
B:2,500
C:2,502
D:250Hello! I am Oliver Smith. I am from UK. I can speak English well but my Chinese is not good. I like doing sports after school. My favorite sports are running, basketball and swimming. I like to be a sports star when I grow up. I have good eating habits. I don't eat ice-cream, hamburgers or cola because I know they are not healthy. I also don't like to be fat, so I like eating vegetables and fruit.
I have a good friend. His name is Chen Lin. He is not good at sports, but he's good at art. He sings well and draws well. He drew a nice picture for me on my birthday. I was excited. We sometimes play games together after school. We always have much fun. If you like us, join us! We can be friends and have a great time together!
The question is: Oliver is   _   and can speak English very well.
The possible answers are:
A:Chinese.
B:American.
C:English.
D:Japanese.After two weeks of meetings in Paris, 195 countries reached an agreement on December 12 to do with climate  change. It's the first time in history that most of the world's countries, rich or poor, agreed to take action. The agreement sets the long-time goal of making sure the world temperature does not get 2degC higher than the levels in the 1800s. Otherwise there will be serious problems on Earth like natural disasters.
The agreement also asks countries to volunteer to make promises based on each country's economy , politics and technology. For developed countries, they will do even more. They have a plan to offer over $100 billion (about 647 billion yuan) to help poorer countries develop clean energy like water and wind power.
Besides, there are some legally binding   rules. Those countries need to set national goals for cutting greenhouse gas emissions   every five years. And they will publicly report their progress every five years starting in 2023.
However, the Paris Agreement alone won't solve the climate change problem. The future depends on how well each country will carry out their promises.
The question is: According to the passage, the Paris Agreement  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:can solve the climate problem alone
B:needn't cost a great deal of money
C:only depends on developed countries
D:includes some legally binding rulesAn old porter   had worked for the railway for a very long time. One morning he was standing in one of the big railway stations and waiting for travelers to ask him to help them with their luggage, when he saw a small man running toward the trains with a big bag in his hand.
The porter watched the man for a few seconds, and the man saw the porter.
At once the small man ran up the porter and said, "Can I catch the 10:35 train to London, porter?" He was breathing very fast, and he seemed worried.
The old porter looked at him for a moment and then said with a smile, "Well, sir, I'd like to help you, but I can't answer your question because I don't know how fast you can run along rails. You see," he explained, "the 10:35 train to London left five minutes ago."
The question is: At the end of the story, the porter   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:played a joke on the small man
B:told the small man when he could catch the train
C:helped the samll man to catch the train
D:told the small man there was no 10:35 train to LondonMr. Smith is an old man. He is very kind, so many people like him. He likes traveling. But he has a problem, he can't see clearly.
One day he came to New York to visit his best friend. But his friend wasn't at home. So he had to find a hotel to live in.
In the afternoon he went to buy two bottles of wine. When he came back to his room, he found a fly   was on the wall. But he thought it was a snail, so he put bottles on it. Of course, it came down to the floor and they broke. He had to buy another two bottles.
The waiter in the hotel knew this, then she put a snail into the wall.
When he came back, he looked up at the wall and found the fly was there again. So he walked carefully and hit it hard. At once he cried loudly.
The question is: Mr. Smith stayed in  _  when he came to New York.
The possible answers are:
A:his friend's home
B:his parents' home
C:a restaurant
D:a hotelWe spent a few days in Paris last week. We visit the famous city quite regularly. After all, it only takes three hours from London to Pairs. It's always a pleasure visiting places we really like, exploring areas we've never been.
The only unlucky thing this time was the weather. As soon as we got there the temperature reached almost 35 degrees C (which lasted until we left). It was so hot that Matthew just couldn't _ it -- for him, it wasn't the most enjoyable trip. I felt sorry for him because every time we go there he has to put up with   my endless shopping spree   ...
Because of the heat, we ended up just having lots of ice-cream and drinks most of the time, although we managed to pay a few visits to the new Herme shop on rue de Vaugirard at least. It's not as busy as the shop on rue Bonaparte so you can choose whatever you like without worrying about a queue behind you! I really enjoyed his bread this time as well as the cakes. And I must say that his Croissant aux Amandes and Bostock were simply the best I've ever had.
The question is: The shops on rue Bonaparte   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:has no bread that the writer likes
B:is often crowded with customers
C:don't have anything the writer likes
D:is not very busy all the timeAlexia Sloane is from Cambridge. She was told by the doctor she had a brain tumor   when she was on holiday "with her parents in France. After that the two-year-old girl became blind.
Though the little girl can't see anything, she has great talent for languages and at the age of 10 she is already fluent   in English, French, Spanish and Chinese-and is learning German.
Now her dream of working as an interpreter has come true. East of England MEP   Robert Sturdy invited her to the European Parliament  . "Usually a person who enters the European Parliament should be 14 at least. So it was amazing for Alexia to work there at the age of 10. " said Alexia's mother Isabelle. Alexia can speak three languages since birth. As her mum is hah" French and half Spanish and her dad Richard is English. " She has always been very good at languages and shown an interest from a very young age. " added Isabelle, who also has a four-year-old daughter Melissa.
Alexia has dreamed of becoming an interpreter since she was six and chose to go to the European Parliament as her prize when she won the Young Achiever Community Award of the Year  . She asked if she could learn from the interpreters and HEP Robert Sturdy agreed to take her along as his guest. " It was fantastic and I decided to become an interpreter, "said Alexia. "Nothing can stop me. "
The question is: What do you think is the meaning of the sentence "Nothing can stop me. "?
The possible answers are:
A:Never give up.
B:Believe in yourself.
C:Nothing is impossible.
D:Failure is the mother of success.I live in a town. In the past, the air wasn't fresh. There was a river. People put rubbish in it. The water went bad. The fishes in the river died. There was much rubbish in the streets which weren't wide. It smelt terrible. People lived in low old houses with trees all around and had a terrible life. The children couldn't have many chances to go out to cities, not to say, have a good education. Farmers worked only with their hands. They worked very hard all year round. They planted crops with the help of animals. The poor people went anywhere on foot, and only some rode bikes. Few visitors came here to spend their holidays.
At present, things have been greatly changed. People have moved into big bright houses or beautiful buildings. There is a big factory. Many people work in it. They are getting richer. Different kinds of cars and buses are running in the big streets. It is faster and easier to travel. People plant many fruit trees and get much money. People plant crops with the help of machines which can save lots of work. Students can study in a modem school. People pay more attention to the environmental protection. The mountains are becoming greener, water much cleaner. What around us is the clearer sky and greener water. As a result, many visitors come here to spend their holidays. People enjoy their modern life. But with the development of the industry, we have fewer trees. Air and water pollution is becoming more and more serious. We must do something to stop pollution to make our town more and more beautiful.
The question is: In the past   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:the air was flesh
B:the water was clear
C:cars and buses ran in the streets
D:children couldn't go to big cities to studyMaybe you often have arguments with your parens about clothes , homework,friends and many other things. But what's going on when your parents fight with each other? Most teenagers feel sad or afraid when their parents fight. They might think their parents don't love each other any more and that their arguments will lead to a divorce .
In fact, it is normal for parents to disagree and argue sometimes. They might disagree about important things like jobs and family decisions. They might even disagree about little things that don't seem important at all---like what's for dinner. Maybe sometimes parents feel so strongly about their differences that it may lead to arguments. However, these arguments are often over quickly. Parents may say sorry and _ ,and the family returns to normal.
As a family member, you should find out what it really means when your parents fight. When your parents get angry with each other, they might say things they don't really mean.Most people may lose their cool, so if your parents are fighting, don't worry too much about it. Try to find a good way to solve it .
If your parents' fighting really bothers you, you might find it hard to sleep or go to school. If this happens, try talking to your parents about their behavior. They may not even realize it until you tell them how their arguments has affected you. You can also tell other relatives, a teacher or a close friend.
Just remember that no family is perfect and arguments are common in every family.
The question is: What does it mean when parents fight ?
The possible answers are:
A:They aren't happy with their family.
B:They don't love each other any more.
C:They disagree with each other about something.
D:They will divorce because of family decisions.Dave Smith is 12. He has a sister .Her name is Jenny .She is 8.
Dave has a dictionary .It is blue .The dictionary is in his black backpack .He has a computer game and he likes it .Jenny has a watch .It is red .She likes it very much. She has a good pencil case ,too .It's white . Her pencil  ,ruler ,eraser and pen are in the pencil case. Her pencil case is in her yellow backpack.
The question is: What's Jenny's family name?
The possible answers are:
A:White
B:Black
C:Smith
D:BrownThere was a lovely vegetable patch  . A large tree grew there. Both the patch and the tree gave the place a wonderful look, and they were the pride  of the gardener. But no one know that the vegetables and the tree couldn't stand   each other. The vegetables hated the tree's shadow   , because it left them only just enough light to live. The tree, on the other hand, hated the vegetables because they drank nearly all the water, leaving him just enough to live.
Their problem became so serious that the vegetables decided to use up all the water in the ground so that the tree would die. The tree answered back by not protecting the vegetables from the hot sun, so they began to dry up. Soon the vegetables were really weak, and the tree was drying up.
The gardener wondered why and stopped watering them. When he did that, both the tree and the vegetables found that it was better to help each other. They learned how to live _ with those around them. So they decided to work together, using both the shade and the water to grow well. After seeing how well they were doing, the gardener gave the best care to the vegetable patch, watering and fertilizing   it better than any other patch for miles around.
The question is: From the passage we know   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:The vegetables were sorry to see the tree drying up.
B:The gardener was very angry with the vegetables and the tree.
C:The gardener didn't know what was happening in the patch at first.
D:The tree didn't know how important the sun was to vegetables.It was a bright Saturday morning. I stopped at a cafe to enjoy a cup of coffee and read the morning newspaper. Suddenly, I felt a hand on the back of my jacket and heard someone say, "Hey Steve! How are you doing?"
Looking back, I saw a man. He looked familiar, but I couldn't remember where we had met.
The young man also held a cup of coffee, so I asked him to join me. Very soon, his story began to _ my memory.
Five years earlier, Johnson was traveling home late on a February night. A heavy snow had arrived that afternoon, and by midnight, the snowdrifts were getting deep. His car was stuck in a snowdrift just down the road from my house.
He walked to my house for help. I helped him pull his car out of the snowdrift and up to the street where the snow had been cleaned away.
This was a normal happening here during the winter. I couldn't count the times someone has helped me to pull my car from a snowdrift. However, it was an unforgettable experience for him. He was only eighteen at that time, and he said he was very afraid. No one wants to be stuck in a snowdrift at night.
Sometimes, one simple kindness at the right moment can change the direction of a life. So, be kind and helpful.
The question is: Where did Steve meet Johnson for the first time?
The possible answers are:
A:At a cafe.
B:At Steve's house.
C:At a bus station.
D:On a street.Dear Mr Han,
I just turned 12 years old, but I am very thin and not as tall as my classmates. My brother is 20 and is very tall. My father is also very tall. I eat lots of vegetables every day. I like eating fruit, but I don't like eating meat. I sleep for eight hours a day. I want to be tall. I am taking medicine. I think that medicine can make me grow   tall. My head teacher tells me that you are a great Chinese doctor. Can I grow tall? Do I need to take the medicine?
Yours,
Jack
Dear Jack,
I think that you can grow tall, because your father and brother are both very tall. You are still growing. As for the medicine, you should stop taking it. It is not good for your health. You should eat more meat. I am happy that you like eating vegetables and fruit. A balanced diet is very important for your health --and it can make you grow tall.
Yours,
Mr Han
,.
The question is: What is Mr Han's advice to Jack?
The possible answers are:
A:To eat more meat and take the medicine.
B:To eat more meat and not to take the medicine.
C:To eat less meat and take the medicine.
D:To eat less meat and not to take the medicine.I came to the USA because I needed to study English here. I went to an English language school. I was not a beginner, but I was not good at English. At the end of the first term, I could read, write and speak, and I thought I was good at them. However, I was not good at understanding   when people spoke to me. My teacher said," Why don't you repeat   the classes?" I was not happy. I made progress   every month, so I did not want to repeat them. However, it was true -- I was not good at understanding when people spoke to me. My teacher said, "Repeating the classes is a good way to practice listening. And if you repeat them, you will understand more spoken English." In the end, I repeated the classes. In the second term, I studied the same books that I did in the first term. My teacher was right. It was a good idea. Now, after studying English for a year, I can understand more spoken English. And I know that reading, writing and speaking are not enough; listening is also very important.
The question is: At the end of the first term, what was the writer bad at?
The possible answers are:
A:Writing.
B:Reading.
C:Listening.
D:Speaking.News One: The first quantum communications satellite  developed by China is expected to launch  in July of this year. It means that a quantum communications network will be formed, and quantum communication between the satellite and the ground will be achieved for the first time anywhere in the world.
News Two: Shanghai Disney Resort  opened in a trial run  last week to prepare for its official opening on June 16. A one-day visit to the resort for a family of three will cost at least 2,600 yuan, which covers entrance ticket and three meals as well as shopping, while a two-day trip will cost no less than 6,000 yuan in total, which is too expensive for most visitors.
News Three: More and more people get interested in running. The number of runners is increasing, and the economics  of running is growing with it. Runners are always going to need shoes and they are always going to be looking for races. Both of these markets have just developed during the past 30 years or more.
News Four: Overweight students at Nanjing Agricultural University are having a special sports course. The more weight they lose, the higher marks they will get. The course is not for everyone, but just for the students who needs to lose weight to keep healthy. There are 3 or 4 specially designed sports classes every week and each class lasts 90 minutes.
The question is: When will the quantum communications network be formed?   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:Before July of this year
B:After July of this year
C:In July of next year
D:In July of last yearWhat's going to happen in the future? Will robots control our planet? Will computers become smarter than us? Not likely. But here are some things that scientists say are most likely to happen in 10 to 30 years from now, according to the BBC.2-1-c-n-j-y
Digital money
We used to pay with cash for everything we bought. Now when we use a credit card to shop online, money is spent without us seeing it. That means we are already using digital money. Using a card is much easier than searching our pockets for change. It is also safer than carrying a lot of cash.
When ATM cards were first introduced, they were not accepted everywhere. But now it's hard to live without them. It's reported that people in Sweden completely stopped using cash last year, and the US might be next.
Bionic eye
It's no longer something only in a science fiction movie. People who are blind may have a chance to get their sight back--by wearing bionic eyes.
A blind eye can no longer sense light, but a bionic eye can use a camera to "see" the environment and send data to the mind. Now the bionic eye only allows patients to see lights and unclear shapes. A high resolution image could be just a few years away.
Self-driving cars
Unlike a human driver, a self-driving car won't get distracted by phone call, the radio or something outside the window. Sensors and cameras on the car would allow it to stick reduce the number of road accidents. You could even take a nap while the car driver itself.
Many vehicle companies are now planning self!driving cars. "By 2040, driverless vehicles will be widely accepted and possibly be the dominant vehicles on the road," said Jeffrey Miller, professor at the University of Alaska Anchorage, US.
The question is: From the report, we can learn some information about   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:industry and farming
B:science and technology
C:culture and art
D:traffic and journeyWelcome to our food shop. All kinds of food are on sale! Do you need vegetables? We have many kinds of vegetables. They are not dear. Do you like milk? We have good milk, like Guangming, Mengniu and Yili, for just two yuan a bottle. Do you like chicken? Chicken is for just twelve yuan a kilo. Beef  is for just eighteen yuan a kilo. Fish is for eight yuan a kilo. Come with your family and friends!
,.
The question is: I need two kilos of fish. It's   _   yuan.
The possible answers are:
A:8
B:4
C:16
D:20Don't wash your hair every day. Here's why:
It will be easier to style. If you've ever washed your hair just before going to the salon to get another better look, you will be told by the stylist, freshly washed and dried hair isn't as easy to work with as hair that was washed a day or two ago.
Your color will last longer. If you color your hair, washing daily can _ your color and lead to more trips to the salon. Keep your hair looking bright by only washing every other day. When you wash your hair, do so with a shampoo so that you can make sure the color doesn't lose.
It will be healthier. The more you wash your hair, the more you're removing your hair's natural oil. That's right - too much time with the shampoo can really mean your hair become less soft and shining. Over-washing can dry hair out, which isn't a good idea. Keep your hair healthy by avoiding washing your hair every day.
Washing and drying take a lot of time for those of us with long hair. By cutting back on styling time, you will have more time to get ready, sleep or even fit in a quick jog or trip to the gym.
The question is: In the writer's opinion, washing hair daily is   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:a waste of time
B:necessary and important
C:a good way of saving time
D:like a quick jog or trip to the gymThere was a boy and his family was very rich. One day his father took him on a trip to a place. He wanted to show his son how poor people were there. They spent several days on a farm. There were many poor families living on the farm.
On their way home, the father asked the son, "How was the trip?" "It was great, Dad," the son answered. "Did you notice how poor people were there?" asked his father. "Oh, yes," said the son. "So, tell me," said his father. The son said, "Well, we have one dog and they have four. We have a pool in our garden, while they have a river that has no end. We have expensive lanterns  , but they have stars above their heads at night. We have only a small piece of land to live on, while they have the endless fields. We buy our food, but they grow theirs. We have high walls around our houses to protect us, but they don't need walls, because their friends will protect them."
The father had nothing to say. Then the boy added, "Thank you, Dad, for letting me see how poor we are."
The question is: Which of the following is TRUE, according to the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:The boy was from a very poor family.
B:The father and the son spent several weeks on a farm.
C:People on the farm have high walls around their houses.
D:The boy thought that people on the farm lived a happy life.Now, more and more cities are facing problems, such as high housing costs, pollution and crime. Let's see what people in Hyderabad, India and in Sao Paulo, Brazil do to solve   the problems.
Hyderabad, India
To improve people's lives, Hyderabad is planting more and more trees. The city is even creating _ buildings that use less water and less electricity for power. Adding green to a city has a number of advantages. For example, trees make the air cleaner. In Hyderabad, streets were grey and dirty in the past. However, today they are filled with trees and flowers, making the city cleaner and more colourful. Green areas also give people places to relax or exercise. A study in the USA shows an interesting thing: the greener a neighborhood is, the less crime there is.
Sao Paulo, Brazil
Many people work in the centre of Sao Paulo, but they don't live there. They've spread out to neighborhoods outside the city because housing is cheaper. Every day, these people travel into the city, and traffic is very heavy. City planners are using different ways to deal with   the problem. First, they are building better subways. Another goal is to make it cheaper for people to live in the downtown area  . Doing this will reduce traffic and pollution in the city.
The question is: According to the passage, what problem does Sao Paulo have?
The possible answers are:
A:A lot of people don't have jobs.
B:Too many people live in the city centre.
C:A lot of people are moving out of the city.
D:Too many people travel into the city every day.Cars are lots of fun, but they could also be dangerous. We have to be careful when we drive them or ride in them.
It's always a good idea to put on your seat belt when you're in a car. Why? Think about this example: You put an egg on a skateboard and give it a push. If the skateboard hits a stone, it will stop, but the egg won't. It will fly through the air, hit the ground and break.
Now, think what would happen if you tied the egg to the skateboard. When the skateboard hits a stone, the egg won't go flying; it will stay safely on the skateboard.
Volvo, a famous Swedish carmaker, was the first to use seat belts in 1849.
Air bags are also very important for car safety, because sometimes a seat belt isn't enough. If the car is going really fast and runs into something, seat belts could even hurt the people who wear them. Most new cars have air bags in front of and next to the seats. When a car hits something, its air bags will come out quickly in less than one second to keep the people inside safe.
The question is: Air bags are important for cars because   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:they are made of plastic
B:they can also help us to keep safe in a car
C:they can keep cars running slowly
D:they are put in front of and next to the seatsMr Smith is an English teacher. He comes from America. He has a daughter.
Her name is Amy, and she is a good engineer in New York. Mr Smith likes traveling very much, and he can speak Spanish very well. Now he is in China, so he wants to learn some Chinese. He works very hard at his Chinese, and goes to Chinese classes every evening. He has a lot of friends in China and they often help him. He likes to talk with them. He tells his daughter that he can speak good Chinese, and he doesn't have anytrouble with his Chinese, but the Chinese have a lot .
The question is: Mr Smithis good at   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:Chinese
B:Japanese
C:Spanish
D:FrenchIf you are really interested in music festivals, then you have probably heard of the Bestival Music Festival. It takes place every September on the Isle of Wight, the UK. As it is at the end of summer, people think it's their last chance to go to a festival and have fun before going back to boring work.
The dream begins as soon as you start traveling to the island. In order to get to the campsite   of the Bestival, you have to take the ferry  . The ferry is full of happy festival lovers who are ready to take part in the fantastic music party. After you arrive at the campsite, you can put your tent up. There people talk with each other openly. They are not that cold like those you meet in your everyday life.
The festival lasts for four days. During that time you forget all your worries and problems, just like living in a dream. And it is really hard for you to come back to "reality" after that.
It seems that it is this kind of music event that makes people gather together. It gives people a real sense of unity. I took part in the Bestival with my friends the year before last. It was so exciting and we all lost ourselves in the beautiful music. We are family sung by Sister Sledge was my favorite. I'm really looking forward to joining in it for a second time.
The question is: Why does the writer say being at the Bestival is a dream?
The possible answers are:
A:Because people can enjoy music there.
B:Because people can get away from work.
C:Because people can play music there.
D:Because people can forget all their problems and worries.Dear daughter
You are a wonderful person and your mother and I love you. It will not be long before you leave school to make your way in the world. Can I give you some friendly advice? Here are some things that you should never do.
1. Never get upset with your looks.
We think you look great. Please be happy with the person you are and the body you have. Eat well, take exercise and be healthy. Some girls become upset because they try to lose weight or get the perfect shape. You look fine.
2. Never spend money more than your income  .
Never spend money more than your income and save a little every month. Don't borrow others' money if possible.
3. Never look down on yourself.
You are great of achieving great things so believe in yourself. When things go badly, never stop believing. Some girls get upset and lose confidence, and then all kinds of problems can follow.
4. Never give less than your best.
We are very proud of what you have succeeded so far. You should be proud too. Keep doing well. Keep trying your hardest at everything you do.
5. Never forget that your parents love you.
Whatever happens in life, your family will still be your family. Whatever difficulties you have, you can always talk to us and we will try to help. We are here for you.
Love
Dad
The question is: The father thinks his daughter has been a  _  person.
The possible answers are:
A:happy
B:successful
C:perfect
D:hard-workingHow do you celebrate New Year's Eve? Have you ever imagined how New Year's Eve would look in another country? Examples listed below are four of the top ten "Special New Year Traditions Around the World".
1. Breaking Dishes on Neighbor's Door----Denmark
A strange Danish New Year tradition is throwing dishes at neighbor's door. Strangely, this makes them happy instead of annoying them. The family with the tallest tower of broken plates, glasses, cups is considered to be the luckiest one because it means their large number of true friends.
2. Talking to Spirits----Mexico
Talking to spirits is a part of Mexican belief. Mexicans strongly believe that they can communicate with the souls of their dead loved ones. New Year's Eve is considered the best time to communicate with dead spirits.
3. Wearing Polka Dots  ----Philippines
Imagine streets full of people wearing polka dots and dining room tables full of round shaped food and fruits on one single day of the year. This all actually happens in the Philippines on New Year's Eve every year. Philippines believe that this will bring them wealth by relating the round dots to coins and wealth.
4. Mistletoe Leaves Are Placed Under Pillow to Find Husband----Ireland
The unmarried women of Ireland wait until 12 for New Year's Eve because it is the night that can bring them the love of their lives. They place mistletoe leaves under their pillow hoping to catch their future husband. It is also believed in the Irish culture that this act will help them stay away from bad luck.
No matter how people celebrate the New Year, we all want to start a new, fresh year with renewed enthusiasm. We all want to be happier, find love, renew friendships, increase our wealth and also hope for a little extra luck in the coming new year.
The question is: Which is considered the luckiest family in Denmark?
The possible answers are:
A:The family which throw dishes at the neighbor's door.
B:The family which pours water onto the neighbor's door.
C:The family which has no broken plates.
D:The family with the tallest tower of broken plates, glasses or cups.In the summer of 1978 an English man named Steven was driving his tractor through a field of wheat when he discovered something strange. Some of his wheat was lying on the ground. The flattened wheat formed a circle about six meters across . Around this circle were four smaller circles of flattened wheat.
Three years later a farmer who lived nearby discovered almost the same circles in one of his fields. These circles were larger--nearly 15 meters across . That same year , another English farmer discovered three circles of flattened wheat on his land--one large circle between two small circles. During the following years, farmers in England found circles in their fields more and more often.
The circles are called "crop circles" because they usually appear in fields of wheat or corn. The wheat in the circles lies on the ground but is never broken; it keeps on growing, and the farmers can later harvest it. Farmers always discover the crop circles in the morning, so the circles probably form at night. They appear only in the months from May to September. What causes the crop circles?
At first, people thought that some kids were making them as a joke, or that farmers were making them to attract tourists.(In fact, in 1991, two men said they made the circles themselves, but many scientists don't believe them.) People tried to copy them: They tried to make circles exactly like the ones the farmers had found. They couldn't do it. They couldn't enter a field of wheat without leaving tracks, and they couldn't flatten the wheat without breaking it.
Several times people reported seeing stranger objects near the fields where crop circles later appeared. Many people believe that these crop circles are the messages sent by living things from outer space or the marks left by their spaceships.
Scientists who have studied the crop circles try to find out what causes them. In the summer of 1990 some scientists spent three weeks in the part of England where many circles have appeared. They had all the latest high-tech equipment . The equipment--worth 1.8 million dollars--got nothing. But one night, as the scientists were watching a field, crop circles formed in the field behind them, which were quite different from the others. The scientists had neither seen nor heard anything.
When Steven discovered the crop circles on his land in 1978, he said, "It was just like something that had landed in the field from the air and gone back up again. I don't know what to make of these things."
Crop circles have appeared in England, Japan, the United States and Russia. Experts from all over the world have studied them, and they say what Steven said: They don't know what to make of these things.
The question is: The passage is mainly about something   _   .
The possible answers are:
A:that is done by living things from outer space
B:that cannot be solved but found all around the world
C:that cannot be made clear or understood
D:that is discovered and copied by the farmersIt's a long-awaited day for China. The navy now has its first aircraft carrier , Liaoning. It's a unique experience to get to know the life in the carrier. The carrier is just like a small city on the sea. It has all the functions for daily life. There are 4 words to sum up its characters: big, small, much and high. The carrier Liaoning is such a huge one that the total length of the whole corridor could reach over 20 kilometers. But the living space for the sailors is quite small. That's because the carrier is designed for researching purposes, rather than comfortable living. Over 1,000 sailors, both men and women, are living onboard. They are arranged among over 3,000 tiny rooms below the deck.. For visitors, it's so easy to get lost. So the first thing the new sailors have to learn is their way around. The number of female sailors is much less than that of the males, taking about 5 percent of the total. But they play a key role in carrying out some special missions.
Also, you will be surprised by the high level of education of today's sailors. The captain said that over 90 percent of the sailors are college graduates. Six hold Doctor's Degrees and 45 have a Master's. The whole team is young but vigorous. The complex work on the carrier requires high management abilities for the commanders onboard .
The question is: Which of the following is NOT TRUE according to the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:Liaoning is our country's first aircraft carrier.
B:Most of the sailors on the carrier are college graduates.
C:There are far fewer women sailors than men sailors on the carrier.
D:It is comfortable for the sailors to live in the carrier.We can make mistakes at any age. Some mistakes we make are about money. But most mistakes are about people.
Why do we go wrong about our friends? Sometimes people hide their real meanings when they say something. And if we don't really listen, we miss the feeling behind the words. Suppose someone tells you, "You're a lucky dog." That's being friendly. But "lucky dog"? There's a bit of envy  in those words. Maybe he doesn't see
himself. But "lucky dog" puts you down a little. He may mean you don't deserve your luck.
How can you tell the real meaning behind someone's words? One way is to take a good look at the person talking. Do his words fit the way he looks? Do his words agree with the tone  of voice? His posture ? The look in his eyes? Stop and think. If you spend the minute thinking about the real meaning behind one's words, it may save another mistake.
The question is: According to the passage, the writer most probably is a    _   .
The possible answers are:
A:teacher
B:psychologist
C:farmer
D:doctorSadness and happiness are often talked about by people in their spare time. Most people want themselves to be happy for ever, but few know how to find happiness. Others say if you own lots of money and success, you will be happy. However, money and success alone do notbring lasting happiness. A famous a Greek thinker, Aristotle, said, "Happiness depends upon ourselves." That's to say,we make our own happiness. Here are a few suggestions to help you be happier.
The first secret of happiness is to enjoy the simple things in life. Too often, we spend so much timethinking about the future. For example, getting into college or getting a good job, which we fail to enjoy thepresent. You should enjoy life's simple pleasures, such as reading a good book, listening to your favorite music, or spending time with close friends. People who have several close friends often live happier and healthier lives.
Another secret to living a happy life is to be active. Many people go dancing or play sports. People can forget about their problems and only think about the activities. Finally, many people find happiness in helping others.      Studies show that people feel good when they spend their time helping others. If you want to feel happier, do good things for someone. You can help a friend with his or her studies, go shopping or help out with some things around the house for an elderly person.
If you do above, you will be happy.
The question is: If you want to enjoy the simple things in life, you can   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:listen to your favorite music
B:remember some problems
C:think about getting into college
D:read a bad bookHi, my name is Amy. I am a Grade 7 student, and I would like to tell you something about my class and myself.
There are ten classes in Grade 7.In each class, there are about forty students. I think that my class, Class 4 is the best .That is because all the students in my class work very hard and the teachers are all very nice to the students. But I am not one of the best students in the class.
I love reading, and I am very good at Chinese and English. I don't find Maths very interesting, so I am not good at it. I want to work hard at it. My teacher, classmates and my parents would like to help me with my Maths.
The question is: What does Amy love doing?
The possible answers are:
A:Singing
B:Reading
C:Swimming
D:Watching TVEveryone dreams of changing the world. But can teenagers really make a difference? And how can they go about it?
Michael Norton's book 365 Ways to Change the World is a good starting point. The book gives an idea or task for every single day of the year. The tasks include offering to work at a local homeless shelter   and planting a tree.
The book says that one simple act, no matter how small, can help someone in need. It may even influence   other teens to do something.
Nathan Anthony, a student at Maple High School in Modesto, California, US, agrees. "It is impossible to get anything in life without giving something to someone or working hard at school or workplace," Anthony said.
Another Maple student, Ariane Mota, has the same idea." Giving is our way of repaying those who help us," she said." Whether it is a helping hand or a donation, we should help others to make their day or life better."
But how often do teens see peers   helping a stranger or doing something nice for someone?
According to Anthony, not a lot. He and Mota both believe this needs to be changed.
"I help my friends by telling them that their lives are better than those poorer people," Anthony said." Humor is also a great tool."
So whether you're helping to find a cure   for bad illness or simply smiling at a stranger, do something every day to help change the world for the better.
The question is: 365 Ways of Changing the World is a book   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:written about Michael Norton.
B:about what teenagers learn at school
C:that gives teenagers an idea or task for every single day of the year
D:about how to work in a shelter.There are a lot of things you can do to help in your community, whether with your mom's chores, or if a friend is upset. Here are some little things you can do to give a helping hand.
Be a volunteer. Being in charitable organizations is a great way to help the poor, like giving away food or money. You can also donate money on some charitable website like Tencent Charity.
Put yourself in another person's shoes. It can give a strong reason to help someone else if you show your sympathy. It is the best way to show people that you really care about someone. Try to offer first. When people need your help, they'll probably ask you first. But if you have the chance, try to offer to help before they ask you. This will show that you are willing to help from the start.
Think about what might happen if you don't help. More people will feel sad if you just leave them when they need you, you don't want to see people unhappy, do you? It's always nice to lend a hand.
The question is: According to the passage, if you want to help the poor, you can   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:be a volunteer
B:offer them jobs
C:buy shoes for them
D:help them with choresThe technology is improving every year. We will see some very exciting home robots in the next few years. In the future the robots can do lots of things.
1. Getting things
In a few years, it will be possible to tell your home robot to get a piece of bread for you.
The robot will use its eyes and an arm to get the bread for you.
2. Watering plants
Future robots will carry water to water plants.
3. Telling dangers 
A home robot will find out fire, smoke and other dangers easily. Every night the robot will make its rounds to make sure that everything is right.
4. Looking after children
A robot will help us look after our children well while we are not at home.
The question is: What will robots do when people are not at home?
The possible answers are:
A:Robots will do housework with the children.
B:Robots will cook for the children.
C:Robots will look after the children.
D:Robots will smoke with the children.In the morning , we went camping in Green Nature Park. We were happy because it was a sunny day. However, in the afternoon , when we finished our picnic , it was dark and windy. Soon ,there was a shower. Unluckily, none of us brought an umbrella. We ran about but we could find no place to hide .
Twenty minutes passed and it was still raining .There were hours to go before we reached the campsite . It was even worse that our compass showed that we went to the wrong way. We had lost our way!
We had to make a quick decision as it was raining heavily. Chris said we could set up a tent  to hide in, so Mary and Tom helped to set up _ . Chris and I tried to make a fire to keep up warm. But we couldn't as everything was wet. We dried ourselves and waited inside the tent. At about five o'clock , it stopped raining. We decided to give up the camping trip because all of us were tired.
This camping trip may not be successful but we know each other better. And the most important thing I've learned from this trip is the importance of team spirit .
The question is: Which of the following is NOT true?
The possible answers are:
A:They gave up the camping at last.
B:None of them had an umbrella.
C:We know each other better.
D:We ran about and found a place to hide.People have different ways of greeting each other. They might shake hands  , kiss or hug  . But do you ever wonder how dogs say hello?
If you are a dog lover, you already know the answer to this question. When you arrive home, your dog jumps up into your lap  . It wags   its tail, and sometimes gives you wet kisses.
Like humans, dogs have five senses  : smell, touch, sight, hearing and taste. Humans use sight as the main sense for recognizing   one another. But dogs have poor eyesight. They use smell to recognize others. A dog's sense of smell is much better than a human's. It is through its sense of smell that tells the differences between different people.
Dogs use smell to recognize other dogs, too. They tell the differences by the smell of pee   and pooh  . When two dogs meet, they smell each other's noses. Then they go side to side, and smell each other's butts  . By smelling its friend's behind, a dog knows who it is with.
That is also why dogs smell everything they can on the road. By smelling grass, trees and signposts  , dogs know which other neighborhood dogs have been around.
The question is: Which of the following isn't mentioned in the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:How the dogs eat things.
B:Dogs have five senses.
C:A dog knows who it is with by smelling.
D:Humans use sight to recognize each other.It would be hard for a family to live on 300 yuan a month, wouldn't it?
That's how much Li Hua's family have to live on for a whole year. The world is now trying to help people like Li Hua to live better. From Tuesday until today, about 2,000 government leaders , scientists met in Shanghai to talk about stopping poverty  around the world. According to the United Nations, the poorest people in the world live on less than 8.5 yuan a day.
Most of those people live in African countries like Sierra Leone and Somalia. These countries often have wars and lots of diseases. Now, more than 1 billion people in the world live in poverty. The UN said that by 2015, that number should be cut in half.
To help China's poor people, the World Bank has given more than 37 billion yuan to help China build railways and schools and stop river pollution and deserts.
Many places in China's countryside, like Li Hua's home in Chongqing, are very poor. Li Hua, 13, lives with her mother, two grandparents and a 16-year-old brother in Chongqing. Her father is dead. The family make their living by planting crops. They have no TV, no electric fan and no telephone.
The question is: Which is the best title for the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:Li Hua's Family
B:Still Too Many Poor People
C:What Is Poverty?
D:Present and PastSam likes fish very much.He often buys fish in the shop and takes it home.But when his wife sees the fish,she says to herself,"Good!Now I can ask my friends to have lunch,and we can eat this fish.They like fish very much."
So when Sam comes home in the evening,the fish is not there and his wife always says,"Oh,your cat ate it."And she gives Sam some bread for his supper.Sam gets very angry.He takes the cat and his wife to the shop near his house and weighs the cat.Then he turns to his wife and says,"My fish weighs one kilo .This cat weighs one,too.My cat is here,you see.Then where's my fish?"
The question is: How much does the cat weigh?
The possible answers are:
A:One kilo.
B:Two kilos.
C:Half a kilo.
D:One and a half kilos.The students were having their chemistry class. Miss Li was telling the children what water was like. After that, she asked her students, "What's water?" No one spoke for a few minutes.Miss Li asked again,"Why don't you answer my question?Didn't I tell you what water is like?"
Just then a boy put up his hand and said,"Miss Li,you told us that water has no color and no smell.But where to find such kind of water?The water in the river behind my house is always black and it has a bad smell."Most of the children agreed With him.
"I'm sorry,children."said the teacher,"Our water is getting dirtier and dirtier.That's a problem".
The question is: Most of the children    _    the boy.
The possible answers are:
A:agreed with
B:wrote to
C:heard from
D:sent forTeenager Jake Deham was skiing with his family in the US when he fell over and lost one of his skis. His family didn't know that he had a problem. They kept on skiing. When they got to the foot of the mountain, there was no sign of Jake.
Jake couldn't find his ski anywhere. In the end, he decided to take off his other ski and walk down the mountain. But he couldn't work out the right way to go.
It was now getting dark and he was a long way from any place of safety. He knew that he might die that night in the cold temperatures. But Jake kept calm. At home, Jake watched a lot of programmes about living in difficult situations. He remembered the advice from these programmes and knew that he should build a hole in the snow. He made a hole so the wind couldn't blow into it. Outside his hole, the temperature fell to a dangerous -15degC that night, but inside it Jake was safe from the cold.
After the long evening passed, Jake began to think his way out. He had to get down the mountain. The TV programmes always said, "If you are lost, you should find someone else's tracks  through the snow and follow them." "I wanted to live my life." remembered Jake, "So I got up and I found some ski tracks and I followed those." He walked and walked and finally saw lights...
His mum was very happy when she heard her son was saved. Amazingly, Jake didn't even have to go to hospital. He got through the terrible experience without any injuries.
So, the next time someone says that watching TV is a waste of time, think of Jake. Sometimes TV can save your life!
.
The question is: What can we learn from the story?
The possible answers are:
A:It is dangerous for us to travel alone.
B:Keep calm when facing difficulties.
C:Never give up and you will be successful.
D:It is a waste of time to watch TV.Some school officials  want to change class time from 8:00am to 9:00am.What do you think?
Jill----"I think it's a good idea! I usually get up at 6:10 and it's difficult for me. At night I have to do lots of homework and I like to watch TV . I go to bed at about 11:00 pm. I usually can't catch the bus at 7:30 in the morning. I am often late for school."
Sally---"I don't think it's a good idea. I always get up at 5:30 in the morning. It's the best time of the day. First I do some morning exercises. Then I read and have breakfast. So I will be happy if class begins at 8:00 ."
Billy---"I never get up before 6:30.I always go to school without breakfast. A morning class is not good for me. I hope I can go to school after 8:30."
The question is: Which is true?
The possible answers are:
A:Sally works hard
B:Billy says there are no buses early in the morning.
C:Sally likes to watch TV in the evening.
D:Jill is never late for school.We've talked about snails  and their slow move. But much of the time snails don't move at all. They are in their shells --sleeping.
Hot sun will dry out a snail's body. So at the least sign of hot sun, a snail draws its body into his shell. A snail will die in a heavy rain. So when it rains, a snail does the same thing, too. A snail can sleep for as long as it needs to. It spends all the winter months in its shell, asleep.
In the spring the snail wakes up. Its body, about three inches long, comes out from the shell. When hungry, the snail looks for food. Its eyes, at the end of the top feelers, are very weak. But its sense of smell is very strong. It helps the snail to find food and the new greens.
A snail's mouth is no bigger than the point of a pin. Yet it has 256,000 teeth! The teeth are very small, and you can't see them. If you put a snail in a hard paper box, it will eat its way out! And if a snail wears out its teeth, it will grow new ones.
The question is: Which of the following is wrong?
The possible answers are:
A:In winter the snail doesn't eat or move.
B:A snail doesn't like living under the sun.
C:The snail's teeth can't be worn out.
D:The snail's nose helps to find food.When I spent Christmas away from home in Europe for the first time, I was only 14 and it was absolutely terrible. I am now married and live in the US. So there is little possibility for me to go home for Christmas. Now I am able to get through Christmas with some moments of joy:
First, you are advised to search your area for stores that carry items from your home country or town. Buy food, candles and some other things that mean something to you.
Hold on to the traditions from your home that you think are important even if other people think they are stupid. But keep in mind to be open for new traditions from wherever you might be, because those traditions are as important to those people around you as yours are to you. For me that includes celebrating Christmas on the 24th.
Call, write Christmas cards, buy gifts and mail them to loved ones, just as if you were there. If you try to pretend   as if the holiday doesn't exist, you are just going to make it worse.
Introduce your traditions to your loved ones, especially your kids. It will only enrich their celebration of the holiday to have some unique   traditions in their home. Little by little it will become their tradition and it's fun for them to try something new.
Find clubs, churches or organizations that are from your home country. Chances are that they will have some celebration with some of your traditions which you can join in.
Food is one of the most important factors in any kind of tradition. Find the recipe   of that cake your grandmother used and make it your tradition to bake that particular cake.
Call up your parents and get them to send you some of your favorite childhood ornaments   for your tree.
Pay attention to new traditions, talk to your family about which ones you want to make your own and stick with them.
If you are far away from home, Christmas can never be the same as you experienced it before, but it is important to remember these traditions while appreciating the new ones. Keep an open mind and find a compromise between old and new traditions.
The question is: Why does the author advise people to hunt in some special stores?
The possible answers are:
A:Because people can buy some discounted goods there.
B:Because people can feel less homesick there.
C:Because it's an old Christmas tradition.
D:Because they offer goods from the hometown of the people.It is time to go home now. I am on a bus on a rainy day, and a woman with a dog gets on the bus. It is a big dog and its feet are not clean.
I don't want the dog to sit next to me. But the woman says to the conductor, "oh, I pay for my dog. Can he sit here like the other people?"
The conductor looks at the dog and says, "yes, madam. But like other people , he must put his feet under the chair."
The question is: The meaning of the conductor's words is  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:the dog's feet are like the other people
B:the dog must like a man
C:the dog must not sit on the chair
D:the dog can sit here.Hi! My name is Robert and I live in Chicago. My school is called Parkside Elementary.  It is Jake and Elizabeth's school too.  Michael and Trevor's school is called Lincoln Middle School.  In the USA many students go to elementary school between the ages of 5-10, then middle school between the ages of 11-13, and then a four year high school, and last but not least, many people go to college or vocational school. Our elementary school starts at 8:30 am and ends at 3:20 pm. We go to school on Monday through Fridays and have the weekends off.
Some of the favorite sports here in America are basketball, baseball, football, soccer, hockey, and more. But, my favorite sport is football. My favorite player in the NFL (National Football League) is Brian Urlacher of the Chicago Bears ( the Bears are my favorite team too).
Americans wear jeans, a shirt, socks, shoes, and sometimes a hat. I usually wear a baseball hat, my favorite pants, and my favorite shirt. My pants have 4 pockets on it, and my shirt has red and black stripes on it.
There is no common agreement in the west about the best method of education. Many _ can be found among parents, teachers, and students.
http://library.thinkquest.org/CR02www.qzjyzx.com2/italy.html
http://www.cfl.cqu.edu.cn/jpkc/kj/xb/xb2/2-1/culturalnotes.htm
The question is: The third passage mainly tells us   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:the writer's favorite sports
B:the writer's favorite food
C:the writer's favorite clothes
D:the writer's favorite colorI grew up in one of the poorest areas in Bradford. I live in a three-bedroom house with six brothers and sisters. I studied very hard . I got the best results in the history of the school. Other students would be happy with receiving such results. Their parents would give them an MP5 player as a prize or take them for a trip. What about me? In fact it made me sad. It was because my application to Imperial College London didn't pass. It is my dream to study medicine there.
I know that nothing in life is easy. I won't give up. I will apply again the following year. While some students are traveling during the holiday, I am working hard.  I help the doctors look after sick people in a hospital . I believe I must become a doctor one day.
The question is: From the passage we can learn that the writer is a person who
The possible answers are:
A:has hope
B:is lucky
C:hates life
D:is shyAnimals do many different, amazing things to get through the winter. Some of them migrate .Many birds migrate in autumn. Because the trip can be dangerous, some travel in large groups. For example, geese   fly in noisy, "V"-shaped groups. Other kinds of birds fly alone.
Some animals stay active in winter. They must change themselves as weather changes. For example, a kind of rabbits grow white fur   to help them hide in the snow.
It's hard to find food in winter for animals. Some animals, like mice, collect lots of food in autumn. Some animals eat different kinds of food as the seasons change. The red fox eats fruit and insects
in spring, summer and autumn. In winter, it cannot find these things, so it eats small animals instead.  Some animals hibernate  for part or all of the winter. This is a special, very deep sleep. The animal uses very little energy. In autumn, these animals get ready for winter by eating much more food than in summer and storing it as body fat. Squirrels store food like nuts to eat later in winter. Bears and some bats hibernate.  Cold-blooded animals like fish, frogs and snakes have no way to keep warm during the winter.  Snakes find protection in holes, and spend the winter without moving during the whole season.
The question is: In winter, snakes   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:move slowly
B:eat a lot
C:hide in holes
D:eat frogsSome children are flying kites near the river. They are very high and Peter can see them from the classroom. After lunch his aunt comes to see his mother and brings a kite to him. It looks like a bird. He wants to fly it but his mother doesn't let him do that.
"It's time to go to school," says his mother, "You can fly it after dinner."
The boy is unhappy, and says goodbye to his aunt and leaves. Now he is in the classroom but he doesn't listen to Miss Black. He only thinks how to fly the kite. Miss Black writes something on the blackboard and then turns to the class.
"Name(......) nine things with milk in them, Peter." she says.
The boy doesn't hear her and still sits there. A boy in Row 4 beats his back and he knows it. He stands up and Miss Black asks him the question again. He thinks for some time and then says, "Yes, madam, tea, coffee, cake and ...er...six cows ."
The question is: In the classroom, Peter can see   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:some children swimming in the park
B:his aunt buy a kite for him
C:some students reading beside the lake
D:some children flying kites near the riverHi, everyone! I am Paul Hawking, the trip leader for this weekend' s activity. It's that time of the year again when the days are long and it is nice to sit outside and enjoy  some oysters .
We plan to head out to the Mission Bay this Sunday for a beach picnic. You can buy fresh oysters at the Mission Bay Oyster Company and you just need to pay $6 to $l0 for each dozen, depending on the size. It' s on Sunday, June 30.
We will meet at the Student Center at 9:00 a.m. and all go together. The driving time is one and a half to two hours, and the time of return is still uncertain. Come and join us in what must now be the 4th or 5th such trip for the Outing Club.
The oyster farm has a small picnic area with chairs and barbecue grills  . Bring some briquettes   if you would like to grill. Except for oysters, oysters and oysters, little is available there, so please bring your own food and drinks. And of course, if you have any special oyster recipes  , bring them make them and share them!
The weather forecast says it's going to be sunny and around 26degC this weekend. My telephone number is 408-896-3228. Please feel free to call me if you have any questions. Remember to finish your homework before we leave for the picnic.
The question is: If you plan to grill, you must bring   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:a BBQ grill
B:some briquettes
C:your own recipes
D:some oystersPaper was first made in the year 105. It was made by a Chinese named Cai Lun.
People in Japan learned of paper around the year 600. As years went by, people in other places began to make paper.
The lead  pencil is not made of lead. It is made of graphite . People found graphite in 1564. They thought it was a kind of lead. Today we still call pencils "lead pencils". The first pencils were made by putting strings  around sticks of graphite.
The first wooden pencils were made by Kasper Faber from Germany in 1761.
Erasers like those we use today were first made in France by a man named Magellan in 1752. It was Hyman L. Lipman who first put eraser on the ends of pencils. And that is how the pencils come to be.
The question is: How many years earlier was paper made in China than in Japan?
The possible answers are:
A:About 100 years.
B:About 400 years.
C:More than 500 years.
D:495 years.Life in Britain today
Food
British people like good food, and more than half of them go to a restaurant every month. Fast food is also very popular---30% of all adults have a burger every three months, but 46% have fish and chips!
Sports
British people don't do a lot of sport. Only 17% of people go swimming every week. 9% go cycling and 8% play golf. Only 6% people play football (but 32% go to watch it).
Cinema and TV
Films are very popular in Britain, and about 60% of people between 15 and 24 go to the cinema every month. At home, men watch TV for about three hours every day--half an hour more than women.
Holidays
British people love going on holidays. Most of these holidays aren't in the UK---27% are in Spain, 10% are in the U.S, and 9% are in France. Maybe this is because the weather in Britain is terrible!
The question is: Their favourite country for a holiday is   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:the USA
B:France
C:Britain
D:SpainAbraham Lincoln, President of the United States, was not very handsome, and he knew he was not.
One day, Lincoln was walking on the road when he was stopped by an ugly man .The man had a gun in his hand. He took aim   at Lincoln's nose. Lincoln was very surprised, but he pretended  not to be afraid. He asked the man, "What do you want, sir?""I've promised myself," said the man, "if I find a man who is uglier than I, I'll kill him." Then Lincoln looked at the man's face carefully and then said, "Please take aim at me, sir. If I were uglier than you are, I would not want to live." The man looked at Lincoln again, after a minute, he said, "You are right!" And he went away.
The question is: Abraham Lincoln was stopped one day on the road by   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:his enemy
B:a soldier
C:an ugly stranger
D:a handsome manScientists will put some robot fish into the sea near Spain this year. These robot fish will help people find out the pollution in the water. If the robot fish are able to finish their work successfully, the team of scientists hopes the fish will be used in rivers, lakes and seas around the world.
The robot fish are about 1.5 meters long. There is a detector  in their bodies. It can find the pollution in the water, and then the robot fish will eat part of it.
They can "swim" for eight hours in the sea freely and send back information to people on the beach. After their energy runs down, they will go back to the beach by themselves.
There are five robot fish altogether. Each costs about 29,000 dollars. They are part of a three-year project between engineering company BMT Group and Essex University in southeastern England.
,. (2,10)
The question is: The five robot fish cost   _   dollars altogether.
The possible answers are:
A:14,500
B:29,000
C:145,000
D:1,450,000Mr Green works in an office . Every morning he has breakfast with his wife at 7:30, watches TV, drinks tea  and then leaves his home at 8:00 to take a bus to his office.
Now he still sits comfortably at the breakfast table and watches his news on TV at 8:05. He doesn't hurry and asks his wife for another cup of tea.
"Another cup?"she says in surprise ."Don't you need to go to the office today?""The office?" he says. "I think I'm at the office!"
The question is: Mrs Green is surprised because Mr Green  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:doesn't drink tea
B:doesn't watch TV news
C:doesn't go to work
D:doesn't have breakfastThe old man woke up before sunrise, as he often did, to walk by the beach and greet the new day. As he moved through the early morning, he saw a young man , bending  and reaching and throwing, in celebration of the perfect day soon to begin
As he came near, he realized that the young man was not dancing to the day, , but rather bending to check the debris (, ) left by the night's tide , stopping now and then to take starfish  and then standing, to throw it back into the sea.
He asked the young man the purpose of the effort."The tide has washed the starfish onto the beach and they cannot return to the sea by themselves ," the young man repied."when the sun rises, they will die, unless I throw them back into the sea."
As the young man explained, the old man looked at the beach ."But there are more starflish on this beach than you can ever save before the sun is up. Surely you cannot expect to make a difference."
The young man listened politely. Then he bent down to take another starfish, threw it into the sea and said,"It made a difference for that one."
There is something very special in each and every one of us.
The question is: From the passage, we can leam that  _
The possible answers are:
A:the young man liked doing morning exercises
B:We can't expect to make a difference
C:there is something special in each of us
D:the old man laughed at the young man"Earworms", some people call them. Songs that get stuck in your head go round and round, sometimes for days, sometimes for months. For no clear reason you cannot help yourself from humming or singing a tune by Lady Gaga.
To a psychologist, the most interesting thing about earworms is that they show a part of our mind that is clearly outside of our control. Earworms arrive without permission and refuse to leave when we tell them to. They are parasites   living in a part of our minds.
If you have got an earworm you can suffer an attack of it simply by someone mentioning the tune, without having to hear it. This proves that earworms are a part of long-term memory. Humans have an "inner ear", for remembering phone numbers, for instance. When it gets infected with earworms, rather than review our plans for the day, or lists of things to remember, the inner ear gets stuck on a few short bars of music or a couple of phrases from a song. A part of us that we normally do not have to think about, that should just do what we ask, has been turned against us, upsetting us with a request that we never asked for. The mind is an inner world which we do not have complete knowledge of, or have control over.
Fortunately psychology can provide some advice on how to deal with an uncontrollable mind. Consider the famous "don't think of a white bear" problem, which tells you to try not to think about white bears, or to do something else, to avoid both thinking of the white bear and not thinking of the white bear. For earworms, the solution may be the same. Our inner ear has become infected with an earworm. This is a part not under our control, so just sending in instructions to "shut up" is unlikely to be of much help (and has been shown to make it worse). Much better is to employ the inner ear in another task. If your mind is poisoned by Brittany Spears' Toxic, for instance, then try singing Kylie Minogue's Can't Get You out Of My Head. Let me know if
works!
The question is: What is the passage mainly about?
The possible answers are:
A:The causes and influences of earworms.
B:What earworms are and how to deal with them.
C:How to clear earworms out of your head.
D:The relation between earworms and popular songs.Bad Hobbies
It's easier to walk downhill than to climb uphill. So it is easier to fall into bad habits than into good ones. Bad habits do not form suddenly. They form little by little, so you don't realize  their danger. Schoolboys and schoolgirls first pick up little bad habits at school or on the streets. When they cannot do their homework, they copy from their classmates. If they see bigger boys or girls smoking, they also want to learn to smoke. If they see their friends gambling ,they want to gamble. When they get older, the habits become stronger and stronger. Then they can no longer give them up. From copying, they learn to steal; from gambling, they learn to cheat. At last, no one believes in them. It is very important to stop bad habits as soon as they begin!
My son is eight years old. He is now in Grade Three. When he was five, he started school. Every evening we have homework battles. Three afternoons a week he has activities after school. By the time we get home, homework is the last thing he feels like doing. The other two afternoon, he gets home early and we argue  about whether he should do his homework straight away, or if he should have some time to rest and play first. When my son finally sits down to do his homework, he seems to want me there helping him all the time. I do want to help him, but I am sure that he can do it by himself. In fact, I often end up telling him the answers to most of his homework. He has fallen into the habit of depending on me to do this. He never wants to use his own brain.
My wife and I have given up all our outdoor activities. We sit with him when he does his homework. We want to train him form some good learning habits. But what should we do?
The question is: My son    _   .
The possible answers are:
A:likes doing his homework
B:get home on time
C:depends on us too much
D:uses his headLinda Evans was my best friend--like the sister I never had. We did everything together: piano lessons, movies, swimming, horseback riding.
When I was 13, my family moved away. Linda and I kept in touch through letters, and we saw each other on special time--like my wedding   and Linda's. Soon we were busy with children and moving to new homes, and we wrote less often. One day a card that I sent came back, stamped "Address   Unknown. " I had no idea how to find Linda.
Over the years, I missed Linda very much. I wanted to share   happiness of my children and then grandchildren. And I needed to share my sadness when my brother and then mother died. There was an empty place in my heart that only a friend like Linda could fill.
One day I was reading a newspaper when I noticed a photo of a young woman who looked very much like Linda and whose last name was Wagman -- Linda's married name. "There must be thousands of Wagmans," I thought, but J still wrote to her.
She called as soon as she got my letter. "Mrs Tobin!" she said excitedly, "Linda Evans Wagman is my mother. "
Minutes later I heard a voice that I knew very much, even after 40 years, laughed and cried and caught up on each other's lives. Now the empty place in my heart is filled. And there's one thing that Linda and I know for sure: We won't lose each other again!
,.
The question is: They didn't often write to each other because they   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:got married
B:had little time to do so
C:didn't like writing letters
D:could see each other on special timeThe Slender West Lake. named National AAAAA Tourist Area in 2010, includes the Great Rainbow Bridge, the White Pagoda, Five-pavilion Bridge, the Twenty-four Bridge, the Small Golden Hill and so on. The best time to tour the Slender West Lake is in March. During the visit to the park, the boat travels on the water and visitors travel in the picture.
Ticket: Mar. - May. Y= 150; Other months Y=90
Time: 8:30 - 17:00
Bus: No. 4, 5, 6, 17, 61 buses
Tel: 0514-87357803; 0514-87370091
Website: http://www.shouxihu.com
He garden, the most famous garden in the late Qing Dynasty, is known for its long double-way corridor , which is regarded as the earliest footbridge.
Ticket: Mar. - May. Y= 40; Other months Y=30
Time: 7:30 - 17:15
Bus: No. 19, 61 buses
Te: 0514-87900345; 0514-87222353
Website: http://www.he-garden.net
Six months ago. Jack came to China to study. He has heard that Yangzhou is famous for its gardens. And he plans to visit some gardens in July, so he has collected information about them online as follows:
The question is: What's He Garden famous for?
The possible answers are:
A:The long corridor.
B:The green bamboo.
C:The man-made hills.
D:The boat travelling.My favourite sport is basketball because it is very exciting. I like basketball because the NBA stars play very well. Basketball is very cheap and it is a good sport for our health. We can grow taller if we play basketball often. Also it keeps me healthy. I play basketball three times a week. Most often I play it in my school. I often play it with my friends or I may play it myself. I feel very happy when I play basketball at school with my classmates. Sometimes I play basketball in the playground near my home. Basketball is very easy to play. If you play basketball very well, you can join the basketball team . If you win the basketball competition, you will have the prize. You may become a famous basketball star.
The question is: How many times do I play basketball every week?
The possible answers are:
A:five
B:three
C:four
D:sixIn two days, I will be turning 30. And I was not looking forward to a new decade  . I was afraid that the best years of my life were behind me.
One day, I met with my friend Nicholas. He was a 79-year-old man. He noticed something was different about me and asked if anything was wrong. I told him what I was anxious   about and asked him: "What was the best time of your life?"
Without hesitation, Nicholas replied: "Well, Joe, when I was a child in Austria and everything was taken care of for me, that was the best time of my life."
"When I was going to school and learning the things I know today, that was the best time of my life."
"When I got my first job and got paid for my work, that was the best time of my life."
"When I met my wife and fell in love, that was the best time of my life."
"World War IIcame, and my wife and I had to leave Austria to save our lives. When we were together and safe on a ship, that was the best time of my life."
"When I became a young father and watched my children grow up, that was the best time of my life."
"And now, Joe, I am 79 years old. I have my health, I feel good and I am just as in love with my wife as I was the day we met. This is the best time of my life."
The question is: From the passage, we can learn that  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:it's never too old to learn
B:believing in yourself is the key to success
C:be thankful for what you have today
D:time and tide   wait for no manMr Black goes into his usual teashop one morning, and sits in one of the seats at the counter . Many other people also come in, but none of them stays long.
About fifteen minutes later, a young man and a young woman come in. There are only two empty seats at the counter, one on Mr Black's left, and the other on his right. The woman sits on one seat, and the young man sits on the other, but Mr Black immediately  asks to change seats with the young man so that he and the young woman can be together.
"Oh, that isn't necessary," the young man says, but Mr Black insists . When the young man and the young woman are side by side, he says to her, "Well, this old man is very kind. He wants us to sit together. May I introduce myself? My name is John. What's your name?"
The question is: The young man and the young woman are   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:friends
B:a couple
C:brother and sister
D:strangersFor several years, Americans have enjoyed teleshopping -- watching TV and buying things by phone. Now teleshopping is starting in Europe. In a number of European countries, people can turn on their TVs and shop for clothes, jewelry, food, toys and many other things.
Teleshopping is becoming popular in Sweden, for example. The biggest Swedish company sells different kinds of things on TV in 15 European countries, and in one year it made$100 million. In France there are two teleshopping channels, and the French spend about$20 million a year to buy things through those channels.
In Germany, until last year teleshopping was only possible on one channel for 1 hour every day. Then the government allowed more teleshopping. Other channels can open for telebusiness, including the largest American teleshopping company and a 24-hour teleshopping company. German businesses are hoping this new teleshopping will help them sell more things.
Some people like teleshopping because it allows them to do their shopping without leaving their homes. With all the problems of traffic in the cities, this is an important reason. But at the same time, other Europeans do not like this new way of shopping. They call teleshopping "junk on the air". Many Europeans usually worry about the quality of the things for sale on TV. Good quality is important to them, and they believe they cannot be sure about the quality of the things on TV.
The need for high quality means that European teleshopping companies will have to be different from the American companies. They will have to be more careful about the quality of the things they sell. They will also have to work harder to sell things that the buyers cannot touch or see in person.
The question is: People like teleshopping because it is  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:American
B:cheaper
C:easier
D:more popularWang Xiaojun is twelve years old.He lives in the country in Hubei.Today is his birthday.His parents prepare a nice dinner for him, but the boy says,"I won't have the dinner , today is over, and my parents are going to Shenzhen tomorrow.I don't want to let them go.
Wang Xiaojun has the birthday with his parents for the first time in the past three years.Three years ago, his parents went to Shenzhen to work in 2011.They stayed and worked there for three years.Tomorrow they have to go back to Shenahen.
Wang is not the only stay-at-home child .In the country of China ,there are many children staying at home without their parents.Stay-at-home children have a lot of problems.Most of them stay with their grandparents.Some of them don't study well because their parents can't help them with their study.
The Chinese government  now is trying to solve their problems.
The question is: The stay-at-home children can't get help for study from their parents , so some of them   _   .
The possible answers are:
A:don't study well
B:don't like to stay with parents
C:don't love their parents
D:don't have dinner with their parentsAre you looking for something fun and would you like to help others in your free time? Then join us to be a volunteer ! We're a non-profit   organization . We have volunteer jobs of all ages. Anyone, from twelve-year-old children to people about seventy years old can become a volunteer.
You can help people in many ways. Schools need help with taking care of children while parents are working. Hospitals need volunteers to look after children while their parents are seeing a doctor. Animal lovers can help take care of those dogs and cats without homes. There is something for everyone.
"As a volunteer. I don't want to get anything. Seeing the children's happy faces, I'm happy, too." said Carlos Domingo. an old woman of 62. "I often played computer games in my- free time before. Now I help older people learn how to use computers," said another volunteer at the age of 18.
The question is: Carlos Domingo does volunteer work with  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:animal lovers
B:children
C:her parents
D:older peopleSome people enjoy reading and they like to go to the book show. There are many books in the show. If you can't find some books in libraries or bookshops, come to the book show. You must find them here. Readers like these books very much.
In a book show, you can buy a lot of books with less money. The show also invites some writers. People can buy a lot of their favorite books and meet their favorite writers. The book show may be _ , but they still love to visit it. It is fun to go there.
Today more and more people like reading including children and adults. They often go to many book shows to read and buy books. When they read, they can learn much more from books. It is important for children to learn to read. They can also know a lot about the writers after reading the books.
The question is: What can't you see in the book show?
The possible answers are:
A:Many libraries.
B:Favorite writers.
C:Some adults.
D:Many children.I was on holiday in a strange place.One morning I got up early and went off into the forest looking for beautiful birds.But I lost my way,and don't know how to come back.I took a cell phone with me,but it didn't work there.It was night and I was frightened because I was alone and there were full of dangerous animals.I climbed up to a tree and was afraid of sleeping.Next morning I was tired.I thought what I should do to save myself.I tore my clothes into small pieces and tied them to the trees that I passed.At last my friend found me according to the pieces that I left.I was saved.That is an unforgettable experience in my life.
The question is: What's wrong with his mobile phone?
The possible answers are:
A:It's broken.
B:He lost it.
C:We don't know.
D:He didn't take it.A professor told his students to go into the city slum  to study the life of 200 boys.He asked them to write reports about each boy's life and future.Every one of the students wrote,"He doesn't have any hope."
Twenty-five years later.another professor read about the earlier study.He told his students to find out what had happened to these boys.Of the 200 boys,20 had moved away or died.Nobody knew what had happened to them.They tried very hard and found the other 180 people.Among them 176 had become successful as doctors,teachers and scientists.
The professor was very surprised and decided to study it further.Luckily,all the men were living near the place and he was able to ask each one,"What made you successful?" Each one answered with feeling."There was a teacher."
The teacher was still living there,so the professor found her and asked the old woman what she had used to pull those out of the slums,and change them into successful people.
The teacher's eyes began to shine and she said with a sweet smile,"It's really very easy.I loved those boys."
The question is: Which of the following is NOT true?
The possible answers are:
A:Some of the boys became doctors.
B:The second professor talked to the 180 people and their teacher
C:The teacher still remembered the boys
D:The boys didn't want to talk about their teacherIs learning a foreign language ever easy? Yes. If you are five and move to another country, you will quickly pick up the language. But what about for the rest of us who are no longer five, and need to be polite when traveling for business or for pleasure? I think that answer is also yes. Language learning can be easy if you don't want or need to learn too much.
The key to successful language learning in my mind is not to set the goal too high. It is rather like running. Even if you run twice a week, you don't necessarily want to be able to run a marathon  . You might just want to keep a level of fitness. I think the same can be true for language learning.
Let's get back to the goal. If you decide to learn ten words in a foreign language before visiting the country, you know that you will be sure to do this. However, if you decide to talk to people with great fluency  , unless you are quite a talented person, you will probably fail and give up in half-way.
It is also far easier to start learning a foreign language than to finish. In other words, the better you are, the slower it can be to improve, because you will not be able to move further because of grammar, making sentences, learning less common words, etc. If you are only trying to learn a few foreign words and sentences, you will enjoy faster progress, have more fun, and won't have to spend too much time.
The idea of learning only a few hundred words in a language, and then stopping, isn't the usual way to language learning, but it can be a very meaningful and enjoyable activity.
The question is: In the writer's opinion, it is easy for adults to learn English if   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:they are especially talented people
B:they don't want or need to learn too much
C:they have to spend a lot of time on it
D:they have a chance to go abroadLily has a pen friend in America. Her name is Alice. They write to each other every week. They tell each other about their lives. Here is a letter from Lily.
Dear Alice,
Thank you for your letter and telling me about your best friend. In this letter, I'm going to tell you about my friend. Her name is Cathy. She has long brown hair and blue eyes. She is the same age as me, but a little taller .She is always happy. We sit together in class and help each other with our homework. We always play together after school and play computer games for an hour. Cathy thinks quickly  and does better than me. She is learning to play the piano .I am learning to play the piano, too. We play together every day. It's fun. We always have a good time.
Please write to me soon.
Love,
Lily
The question is: What else do they do together every day?
The possible answers are:
A:Write letters.
B:Sing.
C:Play the piano.
D:Use the computer.It is difficult to say exactly how the music we call "rock" or "rock and roll" began. Its roots   go back to many different countries and many different kinds of music and many musicians.
Rock music developed mainly from the interaction  of black African and white European music. The Europeans and the African slaves  who came to America during the seventeenth century each had their own different kinds of music. Black Africans used heavy drumbeats,a rough singing voice,and the calling of a melody  and answer of a chorus. The white Europeans,mostly English and Scots,used a stronger melody,a less heavy beat,and instruments such as guitars,horns,and fiddles. The history of rock and roll is the history of how rock changed from these two traditions.
From the seventeenth to the twentieth century, musicians in the southern United States developed two new forms of music: the blues,usually played by blacks,and country music, played by whites. Black musicians sang the blues with a guitar. This music was similar to work songs:stories of troubles and pain, with lines that were repeated several times. The word "rock and roll" probably came from the black churches in the South, where people sang and danced to the strong rhythms, which they called "rocking and reeling". At the same time, whites were playing country music, which was mostly traditional dancing music and slow songs that told sad stories. The singers played with string instruments such as fiddles and guitars.
During this time blues and country musicians had some influence on each other, but the influence grew stronger after phonograph records  became popular in the late nineteenth century. The birth of the electric guitar changed country and blue music in the 1940s. The sound of the electric guitar would become the sound, of rock and roll. No one thinks of early rock and roll without thinking of Elvis Presley,the"King of Rock and Roll".Rock music continues to develop and change, but the heart and soul of rock is the same heart and soul that Elvis expressed.
The question is: Which of the following describes country music?
The possible answers are:
A:Country music is usually played by blacks.
B:People sang spiritual music and danced to the strong rhythms, which they called "country music".
C:Country music was traditional dancing music and slow songs that told sad stories.
D:Country music was similar to work songs.1Forests help to keep water from running away, so drought does not often happen. The trees in the forests can keep raindrops from hitting the soil directly, and the dead leaves on the ground can also keep the water from running away.2
Chinese people don't want to see more floods and droughts. We have built the " Great Green Wall" of trees across the northern part of our country.3 Thanks to the " Great Green Wall", we can prevent the wind from blowing the earth away. It will stop the sand from moving towards the rich farmland. That's why more " Great Green Walls" are needed. Trees must be planted all over the world.4
,A, B, C, D,. (10)
The question is: The reason of building " Great Green Wall"is  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:to make the city beautiful
B:to move the sand
C:to stop the sand from moving towards the rich farmland.
D:to stop the rain from hitting the soil directly.There was once a man who couldn't sleep well because he was afraid that there was a stranger under his bed.He thought that as soon as he went to sleep,the stranger would come out from under the bed and rob him.He was worried that the stranger might even kill him!
Every night,after he got into bed,the man had to get up again and looked under the bed.There was never anyone there,but as soon as he got back into bed,he had to get up and looked under the bed again.This went on for hours until at last he fell asleep from _ .
The time came for the man to get married.He didn't tell his wife about his fears but she soon found out because he kept her awake all night.
"You must go to a doctor."she told him."He will cure you of this silly fear."
The man did as his wife told him.He told the doctor his problem,and the doctor said,"I can cure you,but it will take about two years.You must come and see me twice a week.The fee for each visit will be $ 75."
The next day the man called the doctor and said."I won't need to visit you again.I'm cured."
The doctor was surprised."How?"he asked."Who cured you?"
"My wife cured me,"the man said."When I told her how much you were going to charge me,she cut the legs off the bed."
The question is: The man thought   _  was under the bed at night.
The possible answers are:
A:a monster
B:a person
C:his wife
D:moneyAll around the world, people drink tea. But tea does not mean the same thing to everyone. In different countries people have very different ideas about drinking tea.
In China, for example, tea is always served when people get together. The Chinese drink it at any time of the day at homes or in teahouses. They prefer their tea plain, with nothing else in it.
Tea is also important in Japan. The Japanese have a special way of serving tea called a tea ceremony . It is very old and full of meaning. Everything must be done in a special way in the ceremony. There is even a special room for it in Japanese homes.
Another tea-drinking country is England. In England, the late afternoon is "teatime". Almost everyone has a cup of tea then. The English usually make tea in a teapot and drink it with milk and sugar. They also eat cakes, cookies and little sandwiches at teatime.
In the United States people drink tea mostly for breakfast or after meals. Americans usually use tea bags to make their tea. Tea bags are faster and easier than making tea in teapots. In summer, many Americans drink cold tea -- "iced tea". Sometimes they drink iced tea from cans, like soda.
,.
The question is: The English like to   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:drink their tea plain
B:eat cakes and cookies with their tea
C:have tea with dinner
D:drink their tea in a special roomOUR children grew up on peanut butter   and jelly   sandwiches. The right jelly makes them very happy, and homemade is the only choice.
I wasn't the jelly maker in this family. My mother-in-law was. She didn't provide a wide range of flavors  , either. It was either grape or blackberry. And since we liked both flavors, we usually picked whatever jar was at the front of the pantry  .
It was always there. Jelly making was just a way of life for her. She always did it, following the same habits ---from picking the fruit to setting the finished jelly on the homemade shelves.
This past December, my mother-in-law passed away. Among the things in the house to be divided up were the remaining canned   goods. Each of us chose from the many jars of tomato juice, green beans and jelly.
The other day I reached in there to get jelly for a quick sandwich, and there it was. Sitting all alone on the far side of the shelf was a small jar of grape jelly. Written on the lid with a black marker was "GR" for grape and the year the jelly had been made.
As I picked up the jar, I suddenly realized something that I had failed to see earlier. This was the last jar we would ever have from my mother-in-law's patient, loving hands. Our children had never known a day without their grandmother's jelly. It seems like such a small thing, but it was a great treasure.
Holding that last jar in my hand, my heart traveled back to meeting my mother-in-law for the first time. I saw her crying on our wedding   day, and later, kissing and loving our children. I saw her walking in the woods or riding the wagon  . I saw her surrounded by loving children at her funeral. 
I put the jelly back on the shelf. No longer was it just a jar of jelly. I guess I believed that as long as it was there, my mother-in-law would always live on.
The question is: With the story, the author want to tell us that   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:Love from your family often hides in small things
B:Homemade food is always simple but delicious
C:We should always give the best things to our kids
D:It's never too late to show love for our familiesMost young people like to go to rock concerts these days. They like the loud and exciting sound of the music and they enjoy the excitement of a big concert. Rock stars usually have a different style. Their music is exciting and different, and the way they dance and dress makes them popular with young people. The words of rock songs are usually quite simple, but the music itself is complex . But some rock stars have problems after they become famous. They don't know what to do when they suddenly succeed, and often they start to drink or to take drugs . Then their health becomes bad. Some like Elvis Presley , died very young because of drugs.
The question is: What is NOT true about Elvis Presley?
The possible answers are:
A:He was a pop star
B:He died when he was old
C:He took drugs.
D:He had some problems after he became famous.Tea, coffee and cocoa are three major drinks all over the world. Tea is drunk by the largest number of people in the world. Tea, as well as silk and porcelain, began to be known by the world over a thousand years ago and has been an important Chinese export since then.
Tea has a history of over 4 , 000 years and China is the home of tea. In ancient China, tea was used as a kind of medicine, while nowadays people drink tea daily.
Longjing, Pu'er, Wulong and Tieguanyin are all famous tea. Thanks to the mild climate and rich soil in Fujian, Zhejiang and Yunnan, tea is produced mainly in these provinces.
The word for tea in different languages came from Chinese, like "cha'i" in Russian. And the Japanese character for tea is written exactly the same as it is in Chinese.
Over the past centuries, Chinese people have developed their unique tea culture, which includes tea planting, tea-leaf picking, tea making, tea drinking and so on. Tea is also popular in some sayings, like "
" In dances, songs, poems and novels, tea is often mentioned. loo.
,A, B, C, D,. (10)
The question is: Tea is produced mainly in Fujian, Zhejiang and Yunnan because   _   .
The possible answers are:
A:they are all big provinces
B:they are all close to the sea
C:there are quite a lot of mountains there
D:the climate ia mild and the soil is rich thereOne day, Tomas Jefferson, the president of the USA, was crossing a river with a group of travelers. The river was overflowing its banks. So it was very dangerous to cross it on a horse. Each man was fighting for his life! Then another traveler came and he wanted to cross it, too. But he didn't have a horse. He watched the group and then asked Jefferson to take him. Jefferson agreed immediately. The man climbed on. After they were both safe to the other side of the river, someone asked the man, "Why did you ask present for help? Did you know him?" The man was shocked because he didn't know Jefferson was the president. "All I know," he said, "on some of your faces were written the answer NO, but there was the answer YES on his face."
The question is: When the group were crossing the river,   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:water was flowing out of the river
B:it was windy and very cold
C:there were many empty boats in the river
D:everyone wrote a word on the faceDear Tom,
I don't have a good time at my new school.There are too many rules at my school.We have to get to school at seven o'clock every morning.We can't play games in the classroom after class.We can't listen to music in the hallways.I don't like playing the piano,but I have to learn the piano in the music class.And we have to wear uniforms at school.We also can't eat outside.and we have to eat in the dining hall.The food there is awful.I can't stand  the rules here.I never have fun.What can I do?
Bob
The question is: Which one is true according to the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:We play games in the classroom after class.
B:Tom likes playing the piano.
C:Bob has to learn the piano in the music class.
D:Tom thinks the food there is awful.Space vegetables are grown from seeds   that have been taken to space and brought back to the earth. The seeds are affected by the radiation   and low gravity in space. When they are brought back to the earth, these seeds produce vegetables that are bigger and healthier than normal vegetables. However, some people worry about eating space vegetables. They think that space vegetables might not be good for us and could make us get sick because of the radiation in space. However, people should not be frightened because space vegetables are very healthy.
Here are some facts that you should know about space vegetables.
Space vegetables are grown from seeds that are carefully chosen. When seeds are brought back from space, they are tested to make sure that they will be safe to eat.
Space vegetables are better for you than normal vegetables. For example, space tomatoes stay fresh for twenty days, which is one week longer than normal tomatoes.
After genetically modified   food appeared in the market, people worried that they were eating unknown things. For example, if nut genes   are put inside potatoes, people allergic   to nuts might get sick from eating these potatoes because they do not know they are also eating nuts. Unlike genetically modified food, space vegetables have not been genetically changed. This means that no new genes are put into the vegetables. Therefore, there are no dangers of eating something unknown.
The question is: The writer wants to tell us that   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:space vegetables are grown in space
B:everybody worries about eating space vegetables
C:space vegetables are safe and good for people to eat
D:space vegetables may bring illness to us because of the radiation in spaceHow much of an addict(/) are you? Are you like any of the people?
1I dislike haircut. I seldom  get a haircut. So when I get one, my hair is really short. My hair gets really long before my next haircut.    --- Harry
2I hardly drink soda .I usually drink coffee. I sometimes drink eight cups a day. ---Rose
3I exercise regularly .Sometimes I spend 4 or 5 hours on it in one day.  ---Sam
4I have a bar(/) of chocolate sometimes. I can't eat a lot of it, because it makes me heavy.   ---Kim
5I have a TV in my living room, one is in my dining room, one is in my bedroom. I even have one in the bathroom.  --- John
6I spend a lot of time shopping, but I don't spend a great deal of  money. I mostly  do window shopping.     ---Jenny
The question is: How often does Harry get a haircut?
The possible answers are:
A:Once a month
B:Twice a year
C:hardly ever
D:AlwaysOn Thursday a new boy came into the classroom. He didn't have any uniform on. Just trousers, a jacket and a shirt. Tom could see that the boy wasn't quite comfortable. He had a plastic   bag with exercise books, pens, pencils, rulers and erasers in it. The boy stood at the blackboard. Mrs. Brown talked to the boy, and then she said, "Boys and girls, this is Peter. He is your new classmate. Peter is your age. I hope you'll get on well with each other. Peter will spend a lot of time together with you."Mrs Brown asked Peter to sit next to Tom at the desk near the window.
The students had math after that and Tom could see that Peter was not bad at it. He counted   well. It was not difficult for him at all. Then Mrs. Brown said," It is half past twelve. It's time to have lunch. "Peter joined Tom and went to wash his hands. Then the boys sat down on the floor and started to open their lunch bags. Tom opened his bag and put his hand in it. He took out an old brown apple, some old cheese and some fish from dinner."Oh, no!" cried Tom." This is rubbish. I have the wrong bag. I took the rubbish bag and left my lunch bag at home. I have only rubbish for lunch today." The other children laughed and laughed. Then Peter said," I have two eggs. Why don't you have one? I don't need two. And would you like some bread?" Tom smiled," Thanks. It's very kind of you."
The question is: Which of the following is TRUE about Peter?
The possible answers are:
A:He wore a coat and a shirt to school.
B:He had lunch in the school dining hall.
C:He was disabled.
D:He had no trouble in the math class.It was very difficult to find jobs in the northeast of England, and when John lost his job, he found it was impossible for him to get a new one.He had soon spent all his money, so he decided to go down to the south of the country.He was told that the things there were better, and that it was easier to find work.The best way to get there was by train.He went to the railway station and got into a train for the south.
He was the only passenger in his compartment  when another man came in.He was carrying a gun and said to John, "Your money or your life!"
"I haven't got a penny," John answereD.
"Then why are you shaking so much?" the man with a gun asked angrily.
"Because I thought you were the ticket-collector and I haven't even got a ticket," answered John.
The question is: He didn't buy a ticket because  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:he forgot to buy
B:the ticket-collector didn't find him
C:he had no money to buy
D:He left his money homeMy name is David Smith. I am an English boy. My family is in Hangzhou. My father and mother work here. My father is an engineer   and my mother is a teacher. I have a sister but no brothers. My sister and I are students of Nol. 1 Middle School. We love Hangzhou, and we love China, too. We have a nice house in Hangzhou. We have a color TV and a computer. My room is big. There is a bed, a desk and two chairs in it. My books are on the bookcase. I have a phone on my desk. There are some pictures on the wall. I like my room and I like these pictures very much.
The question is: David is   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:13years old
B:an engineer
C:a teacher
D:a studentNow more and more people communicate  by sending messages with mobile phones, sending e-mails or even chatting on line. How about our pen, pencil or paper? Which one do you think is easier and more convenient, handwriting or texting  ?
Today, texting is the most common way of communication, even among young students. People don't write letters anymore. They usually send e-mails to their friends. From texting to e-mails, it seems like keyboard   are _ the good old pencil and paper. As a result, many students are poor in handwriting. Some even don't know how to write normal words we often use.
In order to improve students handwriting skills, the British government  recently decided to open handwriting lessons in middle schools. The British government hopes the students will be able to learn how to write business and personal letters properly at any length . The students will also be taught different kinds of writings. They will also learn to use correct spelling, punctuations  and grammar. The handwriting lessons will begin in 2014. Why don't you practice handwriting and write letters to your family and friends to surprise them?
The question is: What did the British government decide to do to improve students' handwriting skills?
The possible answers are:
A:To help students write personal letters.
B:To open handwriting lessons in middle schools.
C:To send the students abroad to learn handwriting skills.
D:To ask the students not to send massages with mobile phones.Do you know anything about the way of shopping in western countries? People there usually make shopping lists first and then go shopping. Most people like to go to supermarkets because they can get many things in one supermarket such as clothes, food, drinks. The things in supermarkets are cheaper.
When they get into a supermarket, they get a basket. Then they buy things and put them in the basket. After they get everything they want, they pay the money. Most people go to the supermarket once a week.
The question is: Things in the supermarket are a little  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:cheaper
B:better
C:more expensive
D:moreMore than seven hundred years ago, the Prince of Wales had a very big and brave dog called Gelert.
One day the Prince wanted to go hunting with his men. He told his dog to stay at home and look after his baby son. The baby was in a small wooden bed.
When the Prince came back from hunting, Gelert ran out to meet him. He wagged his tail and jumped up to put his paws on the Prince's chest. Then the Prince saw the blood on his head. He rushed into his house and found the bed lying on its side on the floor. The clothes were torn and there was blood on them.
The prince thought the dog had killed his son and took out his sword, killing the dog. Just as Gelert was dying, he managed to bark. Then the Prince heard a baby call to the dog. The Prince ran out of the house and saw his son lying on the ground unhurt. Near him was a dead wolf.
The Prince ran back into the house but it was too late. Gelert was dead. The Prince was very sad indeed. Tears ran down his face when he realized he had killed his
friend. The Prince carried the body of his brave dog to the top of a mountain and buried him there. After this, the Prince never smiled again.
If you go to Mount Snowdon in Wales, people will show you where Gelert is buried. There is a sign by his grave. It reminds people of a brave and faithful dog.
The question is: . The dog was very    _    when his master came back from hunting.
The possible answers are:
A:glad
B:sorry
C:afraid
D:upsetA primary school bus driver stopped the bus in a gas station in Ohio because he had to use the bathroom. Instead of turning off the engine   and taking the key with him, the driver left the bus running. And he forgot to set the brake   because he was in a hurry. "It was cold outside, and I didn't want the kids to get cold while I was using the bathroom," he told a police officer.
The bus slowly started moving away from the gas station. As the bus picked up speed, the kids began shouting and crying. Ten-year-old Jake ran forward to the driver's seat and held the steering wheel  . He pressed hard on the brake pedal   and managed to stop the bus as it came nearer to a river bed. Jake turned off the engine at last. After the police arrived at the scene, they praised Jake for his great effort.
"That is one cool kid," said the police officer. "I told him he would make a great police officer when he grew up."
Jake wasn't impressed with what he had done. "Stopping the bus," he said, "was easy compared to playing Grand Theft Auto III," his favorite action video game. The bus driver was taken to the police station. He was at first charged   with "leaving a child alone while motor is running." The lawyer said he hoped to _ the charge because of the number of children (twenty) on the bus.
"Whatever he is charged with," the police officer said, "I will see that he never drives a bus again."
The question is: What do we know about Jake?     _
The possible answers are:
A:He could drive.
B:He was eleven years old.
C:He wanted to be a police officer.
D:He liked playing Grand Theft Auto III.Some parents say their kids don't like sports. Why?
Some kids don't like sports because they don't know how to play them. If the kids know how to play a new sport, maybe they will like it. Taking P.E. classes at school is a good way to learn new sports. Another way is to watch videos about sports. Kids can also read some books to learn new sports.
Some kids don't like playing sports because they were once on a team and didn't have fun. For those kids, it's a good idea to talk with their teachers or parents. With their help, maybe the kids will like playing sports again.
There are many kinds of sports, so a kid should find the sports that _ him or her. If a kid doesn't like team sports, parents can ask him or her to try individual  sports, such as swimming and running.
Playing sports is a good form of exercise, and it can help kids keep active and healthy. Of course, non-sport   activities can also keep kids fit, such as walking a dog, cleaning the room and watering the garden.
The question is: The passage tells us   _   ways to learn new sports.
The possible answers are:
A:two
B:three
C:four
D:fiveSome advice :
(1) Always play in a safe place. A park is a safe place because there are no cars or trucks. But do not talk to anyone you do not know. Never go with a stranger into a motor car.
(2) Before crossing the road, stop and look both ways. Look left, look right, look left again.
(3) Keep away from houses or building that are being built or knocked down. Something might fall on your head, or you might cut yourself on broken grass.
(4) Medicines or pills can be dangerous. Never swallow any pills or medicines you find in the cupboard.
(5) Wear a life jacket whenever you go out in a boat. Even if you are not in the open sea and the water is not deep, you should have your life jacket on. It's easy to fall out of a boat.
(6) Do not put your head out of a car, bus or train. Many children have been killed by doing this.
The question is: We are safe from truck or cars   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:if we play in the street
B:if we play on the road
C:if we play in the park
D:if we play by the roadIt all started when I was two years old. My parents didn't get along and got divorced . I hated that I couldn't see both of my parents at the same time. So my dad, my younger sister, Alexis, and I went to live with my grandma and grandpa. We lived with them for almost six years. My mom, on the other hand, lived with her boyfriend Michael in Oklahoma. My life was really good, but when my mom called to check up on my sister and me, I cried myself to sleep. I missed her so much.
My life at my grandparents' house was really nice. And then on Friday, May 15, 2002, my grandpa died of cancer. I cried for seven days straight. My dad and his new wife were worried about me. So they took me to the doctor and they said that I was too sad and that I needed to find something happy and healthy to do during the day.
I prayed to God every night saying that I was sorry for getting myself sick and I also prayed for him to take care of my grandpa. I still pray to this day. And now, at my mom's house, she has a four-year-old girl, my half-sister, Macie. And I have my step-dad , Michael, there for me. I really like Michael. He's really good to me and my sister. And at my dad's house, I have two little brothers, Blake and Justin. Blake is two years old and Justin is ten months old. I have so much to be thankful for, but I'm still looking for more.
The question is: Half-sister means the writer and Macie have the same    _   .
The possible answers are:
A:father but different mothers
B:mother but different fathers
C:grandmother but different grandfathers
D:grandfather but different grandmothersYou are busy with your job but want to make new friends? You miss your old friends and try to find them? Then try a new website --- Facebook.
Mark Zuckerberg,a Harvard student,created Facebook only about eight years ago. At first,it was only for Harvard students. Soon it became popular on the Internet. Now over 25 million people around the world use it to keep in touch with their friends. People like Facebook because it makes them feel comfortable. On Facebook,they share joys or sorrows   by posting pictures and videos. What's more,they leave messages and give online presents to their friends. Now Facebook,like eBay,is a place to sell things.
The best part about Facebook is to help find old friends. For people,the only thing to do is to sign their real names. Then it takes a short time to sign their old friends. So have fun with Facebook if you love to be with friends,old or new.
The question is: According to the passage,eBay is a website
The possible answers are:
A:for shopping
B:for making friends
C:for taking pictures
D:for listening to musicI went to a volunteer orientation  at Salinas Valley Memorial Hospital in California several days ago.
Before I went there, I thought it was just a meeting for us to learn some basic information on how to do volunteer work. To my surprise, this meeting lasted for four hours! It told us in detail how to be a good volunteer at hospital.
For example, Graham, the director, told us to keep eye contact while offering help and never wait to be asked but offer help first. She also told us to bend down  to listen while patients are talking to show that we're willing to hear. We should lead them to ask others for help if we can't answer their questions and never say: it is not my business.
For the whole meeting, Miss Graham taught us how to satisfy patients through our words, body language and manners. It impressed me a lot. Americans pay so much attention to serving people with a professional attitude .
I suddenly realized why many people feel foreigners are really nice and friendly. They have been trained to do so since they were young. They always ask themselves: How do people feel toward my service? How can I improve to let them feel better? I really like this kind of culture.
The question is: What does the writer think of such culture in the US?
The possible answers are:
A:She feels that it is great.
B:She doesn't like it.
C:She feels that it is hard to understand.
D:She thinks only the US has this kind of culture.Shanghai is a nice city. The weather here is mild  , that is, it is neither too hot nor too cold. It changes from season to season. Now many tall buildings have been set up one after another. But at the same time, the city is full of people. As a result, the traffic is terrible. Traffic jams   happen during the rush  hours. If you want to go to a place far away, the fastest way is neither driving, nor riding a bike. It is often walking! The policemen in Shanghai are very helpful. Visitors can ask them for help if they lose their way or lose something. But when you disobey  the traffic rules, they will be very strict with you. A lot of people in Shanghai can speak English. Travellers from English speaking countries feel at home here. Welcome to Shanghai.
The question is: Sometimes the fastest way to a place far away is to go   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:by taxi
B:by bike
C:on foot
D:by busMrs. Brown lived in a small town near a big farm. One Friday afternoon, after she finished doing housework, she went to her small shop. She opened the window of the shop and looked outside. She liked to see the green farm. There were many cows, horses, and small animals on the farm.
Suddenly she saw a kangaroo under her window. It was interesting to see that the kangaroo was wearing an old jacket. It stood there and looked hungry. Mrs. Brown gave some bread and waterto it. The kangaroo had them all. Then it became happy and jumped away. Suddenly something dropped on the ground there was $300 and a photo in it. That was a man's photo with his name "John" on it. John? She looked more carefully and remembered she had a brother many years ago. His name was also John. "Is this man my lost brother?" She thought.
She took the wallet with her and began to look for the man. She asked many people in the town, and then she came to the farm and asked the farmer. To her great surprise, it was John, her lost brother. They were very excited and happy to see each other.
The question is: Mrs. Brown took  _  to look for her brother.
The possible answers are:
A:the kangaroo
B:the cow
C:the wallet
D:the jacketThe children often play football in the garden and sometimes break  Mr. Black's windows. One afternoon Mr. Black is at home and reads a book. In a minute he closes his eyes and goes to sleep. At that time a little boy knocks at the door. Mr. Black opens the door and asks, "Do you break my window again ?""Oh, no"says the boy, "Your window is open this time and our football is in your room. May I get it please?"
The question is: Who knocks at Mr. Black's door?
The possible answers are:
A:A girl
B:A boy
C:A man
D:A womanLions are big and strong.They have bright eyes, sharp teeth and black points on their brown bodies.So they look beautiful.
Lions can run fast.They are good at catching other animals.Lions like living as a family until baby lions are 2 years old.A lion lives alone during most of its life.
Now, many hunters hurt lions for their fur and meat.They sell their meat to people for meals.They use their fur to make clothes and bags.We must stop this.It is wrong for people to kill lions.We can write to newspapers about the danger the lions are facing.We should tell the government and people about the problems.If we do nothing, soon there will be no lions in the world any more!
The question is: What do people hunt tigers for?
The possible answers are:
A:Fur
B:Fur and leather bags
C:Fur and meat
D:Leather bags and bonesSmoking is harmful to our health, but many middle school students are smoking. Their teachers, parents or classmates can't stop them because they smoke anywhere they can't be seen --on the way to school, in the dormitory , or even in the washroom.And most of the students think that smoking is very cool.But I want to tell you my story and then you will see that it's wrong to smoke when you are very young.
When I was a middle school student, my friends at school smoked and they asked me to have a try. So I started smoking when I was fourteen. Soon I couldn't wait to smoke as soon as I was free. After a month I couldn't stop smoking. But two years later, I felt what smoking was doing to me. I couldn't run far, I coughed every morning, and I got very weak. So I wanted to stop smoking. It wasn't easy, but now I have stopped it, and I feel better.
If you smoke, you will get ill more easily, and perhaps you can't grow taller, because there is something bad in cigarettes and also you may get some bad behaviors and habits such as stealing , _ and having a fight with others. So you can see smoking is a bad habit. If you smoke, try to stop. Though it isn't easy, you must do it as soon as possible.
The question is: The writer stopped smoking. It's NOT because   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:he had no money to buy cigarettes
B:he got very weak
C:he coughed every morning
D:he couldn't run farPeople like to read stories about dog very much.They thought dogs were very clever.
One of my good friend , Bob , had a very big dog .Its name was Bill.Every Sunday afternoon,Bob and Bill had a walk in the park , Bill liked walking with Bob very much.
I visited Bob last Sunday.I stayed in his house for a long time.Bob and I talked with each other happily.Soon it was time for them to go for a walk in the park .We forgot that.Bill began to worry about it.He walked around the room and sat down in front of me and looked at me.But I didn't know this.I went on talking with my friend.At last, Bill couldn't wait.He went out of the room and came back soon.He carried my hat in his mouth.Oh, I knew what Bill meant.
The question is: Which one is TRUE about Bill?
The possible answers are:
A:Bill was a good friend of the writer.
B:Bill liked talking with his friend.
C:Bill had many good friends , he liked playing with them.
D:Bill liked walking in the park every Sunday afternoon.Mr. White works in an office. One day, when he had lunch, a friend came to visit him . They were very happy and talked a lot. Then they looked at the clock on the wall. It was time to go to office. He had to stay goodbye to his friend and left. It was raining hard and the streets were wet. He drove too fast to see the red lights . And he couldn't stop his car and hit a car in front of his. An old man got off and called out angrily, " What are you doing? Do you want to hit me to death ?"
"I'm sorry , sir," said Mr. White . "I didn't find the lights turned red." Then he brought out a bottle of wine  and gave it to the old man .21
" It's very cold today , sir ," said Mr. white . "Please drink a little , then you'll be warmer."
The old man drank some wine and became happy. "I'm feeling much better now. Why don't you drink any?" he asked.
"I can't drink anything now ,sir," answered Mr. White."I'm waiting for the policeman to come .Only drunkers cause accidents, you know!"
The question is: The story happened  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:in the morning
B:in the afternoon
C:in the evening
D:at nightA good way to pass an examination  is to work hard every day in the year. You may fail in the examination if you are lazy for most of the year and then work hard only a few days before the examination. If you are taking an English examination, don't learn only rules of grammar. Try to read stories in English and speak in English whenever you can. A few days before examination you should start going to bed early. Do not stay up late at night studying and learning things. Before you start the examination, read carefully over the examination paper. Try to understand the exact meaning of each question before you pick up  your pen to write. When you have at last finished your examination, read your answers, correct any mistakes that you see and make sure that you have not _ anything _ .
The question is: How do you know to pass an examination?
The possible answers are:
A:Work hard every day in a year.
B:Work hard many days in a year.
C:Work hard most of time in a year.
D:Work hard only a few days before the examination.I am a boy from the USA. Now I go to school in China. I have Chinese food now, I like it. I usually have porridge and milk for breakfast at home with my parents. Sometimes I have some small cakes, too. But I don't have lunch at home. I have it at school with my classmates . I usually have meat or fish, rice and vegetables for lunch. After lunch I have some fruit. I get home at half past four in the afternoon. So I have supper with my parents again. Sometimes we go out for supper. My mother often cooks supper. Sometimes my sister does it. We usually have rice, fish, meat, vegetables and fruit juice for supper. We sometimes have noodles and dumplings. After supper, I often have some fruit. I like apples very much.
,.
The question is: Where is the boy from?
The possible answers are:
A:England.
B:China.
C:America.
D:Australia.Ling Tao is a student in Class 6, Grade 1. He has a good friend in the school, and his name is Tony. Tony is not a student. He is Ling Tao's English teacher. He is from England. He is only twenty-three years old, and he is a tall boy. He likes to wear blue clothes. He likes eating healthy food.
Tony is good at singing. He often teaches the students to sing English songs and plays games with them. The students all love him and he loves them, too.
,.
The question is: Tony often teaches the students to sing  _  songs.
The possible answers are:
A:English
B:Chinese
C:American
D:JapaneseAccident Report Form
Accident    A car hit a tree. Four people were in the car.
Weather condition   There was a heavy rain.
Cause   The driver named Li Jun drank too much.
Date of call    March 20th, 2009
Time of call    8:30 p.m.
Name of caller  A man called Zhang Wei. (He was taking a walk there at that time.)
Place   Zhongshan Road, Nanjing
Conditions of victims    Mr. Green hurt his head. Mrs. Green hurt her left leg.
Their daughter felt frightened. Their dog died.
Action  Policemen arrived at 8: 40 p.m. and sent the victims to Gulou
Hospital at 8:45 p.m.
The question is: . Which of the following is TRUE?
The possible answers are:
A:The car hit a wall.
B:The accident happened on Zhongshan Road in Beijing.
C:The driver drank too much.
D:Half an hour later the policmen sent the victims to the hospital.All our food comes from the soil . Some of us eat meat, but animals live on plants. If there are no plants, we will have no animals and meat. So the soil is necessary for us to live.
The top of ground is usually covered with grass or other plants. Plants grow in soil, which has a dark color. This dark soil is humus. Dead leaves, dead plants and animals' waste make it, but this takes a long time. When the humus has been made, plants can grow well in it.
All soil needs food. If we don't give it any, the plants will be weak. Animals' waste is the best food for the soil, but chemical fertilizers   are also very useful. The same crop   should not be grown in the same place every year; it is better to have a different crop. A change of crop and the use of a good fertilizer will keep the land in good condition.
When the soil is dry, the wind blows it away. Sometimes heavy rain carries the humus down to a river. People should grow more and more trees and grass to stop wind from carrying the humus  away. It takes hundreds of years to make humus, and so we must save every bit of it. Without soil, where can we grow food?
The question is: From the passage, we know that soil is   _   to people.
The possible answers are:
A:not helpful
B:necessary
C:not important
D:harmfulWhat do you think of celebrating Christmas Day in China? Christmas Day is very popular in China, especially for young people. Should Chinese people celebrate Christmas Day? 60% people think that we should not take Christmas so seriously, 10% think everyone should celebrate Christmas.
Some people think celebrating Christmas Day can help them understand western culture better. Some people think it is a great holiday to have a good time with their families and friends. During Christmas Day, they can meet friends, go shopping, watch movies and go to different parties.
But I have different ideas. Most of us celebrate Christmas just because we see many people around us do it.
China has its own holidays, such as the Spring Festival and Mid-Autumn Day, so we don't have to celebrate holidays from other countries. Some people spend a lot of money celebrating Christmas Day. People buy lots of gifts for their friends and families, but this is not the best way to show their love.
The question is: What's the best title of the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:Christmas Day is popular for young people
B:Whether we should celebrate Christmas Day
C:We should only celebrate Chinese holidays
D:What can we do on Christmas Day?It's 8:00 a.m. and you are running out of the door. You walk outside and your handbag suddenly says, "Wait! You forgot your keys!" A talking handbag? Yes, it's true. This "smart bag" can "talk" to the things you often bring with. If you forget your keys or drop your purse, for example, the bag will tell you.
How does it work? There is a "smart chip" in the bag. You put other chips on your phone, purse or keys. Then the bag and the others can "talk" to each other--and you!
SMART CLOTHES
These clothes change colors--while you are wearing them! Is it hot outside? Watch your jacket change from dark blue to a lighter color to protect you from the sun. Did you spill coffee on your white trousers or shirt? No problem. These smart clothes never get dirty!
The question is: If you go outside with a "smart bag" but forget your keys, your   _   will tell you.
The possible answers are:
A:mother
B:teacher
C:bag
D:keysGood morning, everyone! I'm Miss Li. I am an English teacher. There are 24 boys and 22 girls in my class. This is Betty. She's an American girl. She likes football. This is Tony. He is an English boy. He likes basketball. His favourite day is Saturday and yellow is his favourite colour. He likes spring because it's warm. This is Li Daming. He's Chinese and he likes table tennis. White is his favourite colour. He likes flowers and flying kites in spring, so spring is his favourite season.
The question is: Miss Li is   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:a worker
B:a student
C:a teacher
D:a doctor"Did you go skating a lot last year?" I asked. Jen shook her head and looked at me. Finally she said, "On Thanksgiving, Mom and I always went to visit some friends who lived on a farm. I especially loved seeing their big turkeys."
Until then, I didn't think about how Jen felt. She had a new stepfather   and stepbrother, and had a new town and home, too. Jen and her mom used to live near a lake where Dad and I went every summer, and she had to move up north with us. She had more changes than me.
Jen seemed sad, so I was busy thinking of some ways to cheer her up on Thanksgiving. I told her my plan and she was excited. First we made a huge snowball, and then a small snowball. Then we built a wall behind the big snowball as a tail. Jen mixed some food coloring with water, saying, "We can spray   colors on the tail." Our snow turkey had a red, blue, green, and yellow tail. We were so busy that we didn't notice our parents come outside. Dad found a hat for the snow turkey, and Mom wrapped her scarf around its neck.
" _ ," Mom said. "You're a good brother, and you always come up with great ideas.'' A happy feeling spread through me. I began to understand how much she cared about everyone in our new family.
The question is: How many people are there in Jen's new family?
The possible answers are:
A:Two.
B:Three.
C:Four.
D:Five.Many people do not like to stay at home on holidays.They want to go out to see something different or do something interesting.So people from the country come to the city and people from the city go to the country for holidays.During the holidays trains,buses and planes are all very busy.It is very hard to buy train tickets or air tickets.Many people take cars or buses for traveling.
Last May Day my family went to the country by car for our holiday.There was too much traffic on the road,so we had to move very slowly.It took us about an hour to get out of the town.After some time,we came to a hill.It was green and beautiful.We thought this was a good place for a picnic,so we stopped and took the food,fruit and drinks out of the car.We sat down and began to eat.Suddenly a strong wind blew and soon it started to rain.We had to run back to our car and have our picnic in the car.Then we drove back home.What a sad holiday!
The question is: They felt   _   about the holiday.
The possible answers are:
A:happy
B:excited
C:unhappy
D:luckyBeijing Opera is my favourite. Bao Zheng always has a black face and Guan Yu has a red face in Beijing Opera. But many people don't know why.
I come from America and I have lived in China for six years. I like Beijing Opera very much. I think Beijing Opera is very interesting. I can learn a lot about Chinese history. Now let me tell you the art of Beijing Opera facial  paintings .
In Beijing Opera facial paintings, different colours and patterns  are for different roles. For example, a black face for fair   people. A red face is for brave  people. A white face is for bad people. Blue and green faces are for heroes . The gold face is for gods.
The question is: The writer   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:is a Chinese.
B:is an American
C:lives in Canada.
D:is an actor of Beijing Opera.Have you ever heard about the Whale Inside Dark Restaurant? The restaurant is in eastern downtown Beijing. It's the first eat-in-the-dark restaurant in China, and also in Asia. The restaurant is so welcome, since it's open in January at jianwai SOHO in Chaoyang District.
People going there will experience darkness both during the day and the night. The restaurant offers not only a wonderful choice for food, but also a special environment for friends or parties.
Every day, Whale Inside receives at least 50 guests from everywhere around Beijing. About 10 per cent of them are foreigners.
The customers will go to the light to see the menu, and then they have to hand in all mobile phones, watches and other things that can give off light. They then move to the dark world. Waiters will lead them to the dark dining area. Of course, the waiters are all wearing special glasses that can make them see in the dark. Customers cannot see anything including their food or friends. They have to look for their spoons, drinks, and anything else.
Every table may get a "secret dish ". The guests will have one chance to guess what the dish is made of. Everyone who guesses it correctly can win a prize. "It is not easy," said the manager, "because without seeing it, only 30 per cent of the guests can get the answer."
The question is: Which of the following is TRUE according to the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:Guests there will have a chance to get a prize--a secret dish.
B:Every guest there will get a secret dish.
C:It's not easy to guess the secret dish without seeing it.
D:The manager said only 30 guests received the prize."Listen carefully to what I say,"  the time traveler said, "I shall tell you something that you will not agree."
"Why will we not agree?" I asked.
"Because the science and mathematics you know are not correct,"  he said. "You believe there are only three dimensions -length, breadth  and thickness."
"There is nothing to argue with that, "  the youngest member of our little group said.
"Exactly!"  the time traveler answered, "But there is also a fourth dimension - time."
"We all know about time, " another member of the group said. "Time passed."
"I do not agree,"  the time traveler said, "Length, breadth and thickness do not pass. They stay in the same place in space.  We move about them. I can prove that time is the same. It does not pass. We move in time the same way that we move in breadth, length and thickness."
None of us believed the time traveler, and we argued with him for many hours.
"If we could travel back in time,"  the scientist said, "We could do things to change the future."
"If we could travel forward in time," the doctor  said, "we could do things that change our present."
The time traveler smiled, "It is clear," he said, "that there is only one way I can show you that I am right. We must do an experiment. Please wait here."
He left the room and soon returned, carrying what looked like a clock.
"This is a model of a time machine. It took me two years to make it," the time traveler said. "I want all of you to understand that when I start the machine, it will immediately travel in time and disappear from the present."
He turned to the youngest of all. "Give me your hand," he said.
The young man put out his hand. The time traveler took it and placed it on the machine. Immediately, there was a sudden wind, and the little machine disappeared.
I was certain this was not a trick, but the doctor was not so sure.
"Are you asking us to believe," he said, "that the machine is now in a different time?"
"Certainly! In my laboratory, a full-size machine is almost complete. As soon as it is complete, I shall send myself on a journey through time. Would you like to see my machine?"
"Are you serious about this?" the doctor asked.
"I have never been more serious about anything," the time traveler said, "Come."
We followed him to his laboratory. There, we saw the actual machine, not quite complete, but large enough for a man to sit in.
The question is: What kind of story do you think the passage is?
The possible answers are:
A:A detective story.
B:A science fiction.
C:A romantic fiction.
D:A horror story.I'm going to have a great weekend. I'll go across Canada with my parents by car. We'll drive seven or eight hours a day.
In Toronto, we'll stay in a big hotel. The food is very delicious. There's a big swimming pool and a lot of game rooms. I think I'll play there happily. But there'll be lots of people in the hotel, so I think we'll sleep in one room. And it's expensive.
Then we are going to stay in a small cabin  in the mountains. I really love it. The cabin is clean and quiet. We'll have two rooms, so I can get up late in the morning. But we have to get up early because we want to go swimming. There is a beautiful lake near the cabin. We also can go fishing and cook food outside.
The question is: What do you think is the best title of the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:Delicious Food in a Hotel
B:A Beautiful Cabin
C:A Pleasant Weekend Plan
D:Visiting CanadaMr. Clinton and his 13-year-old son Tony are baseball fans. Last October 10th was Tony's birthday, so Mr. Clinton decided to drive him to New York, for the first game of the World Series  . They had no ticket but hoped to buy a pair from others.
After they arrived, they walked in the street for two hours, carrying a sign, "We need two tickets." Then they found the cheapest ticket was $200. They were about to leave when suddenly a man stopped them. He took out two tickets and handed them to Mr. Clinton.
"How much do you want?"
"Just a present." said the man, "Enjoy the game."
Mr. Clinton wouldn't accept, so the man explained, "I'm Jackson. Hans is my boss. He and his wife haven't missed a World Series in 18 years. But he is ill and can't watch the game this time. So he told me to give the two tickets to people who would actually enjoy the game. Then I saw you and I followed you for a while. You seemed very sad. You made me think of my dad and me when I was a child. I dreamed of going to a World Series game with my father. But my dream never came true."
How do you suppose this made Mr. Clinton and his son feel? Here is what Mr. Clinton said: "This is the most wonderful thing that ever happened to us. My boy and I must have turned to each other over 30 times and said, 'I can't believe this.' We still never forget Jackson and Hans."
The question is: Mr. Clinton took his son Tony to watch the first game of the World Series because  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:he got two tickets for the game
B:they both liked watching games
C:it was a birthday present for Tony
D:he had enough time and moneyOnce there was an old farmer. He had a horse and the horse was almost as old as himself. One morning he set out with his young son to sell the horse before it died. The father and the son walked because the farmer did not want the horse to be too tired . They met two men on the road. They said, "Why are you walking, farmer? You have a horse. It's a long way to get to the market. "The farmer knew that this was true, so he rode on the horse while his son walked. Then they met two old ladies. "What are you doing up there, farmer? Can't you see how tired your son is? "So the farmer got down, and let his son ride on it. Twenty minutes later, three old men stopped them. One said, "Why are you walking, farmer? Get up; it's too hot for an old man like you to walk today. "So the farmer got up behind his son and they went on riding. Some time later, a young woman passed them. "Why aren't you walking?"She asked, "It isn't far to the market. Give your poor old horse a rest. " So the farmer and his son got down once again. It is a fact that you cannot please all the people all the time.
The question is: The farmer got up behind his son because   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:the old man said nothing.
B:the three old men stopped them on the road
C:he did not know why he was walking
D:his son could not ride the horse by himselfMy dad was a plumber  for the public works department in our town, so from time to time he came into my school. Can you imagine sitting in class and seeing your dad walk past the door of your classroom and wave his hand at you? In junior high?
One girl in our class always made fun of me because my dad was a plumber and hers was a lawyer , and she would say things like, "Ew, that's gross !" I must admit I was sometimes embarrassed by what my dad did, especially in my early teens, when the only thing I really cared about was what the other girls thought.
The girl lived a few streets away from us, and one winter day---the day her elder sister was getting married---the toilet in their main upstairs bathroom broke and there was water everywhere. Her father, the lawyer called every plumber in the Yellow Page, but nobody would come and because we were having a major snowstorm. Her daughter told him that my father was a plumber, and he called, and my dad went right over---and took me with him.(Maybe he was hoping that the lawyer's daughter would be nicer to me.) My father fixed the toilet, help them clean up everything, and didn't take much time for his trouble. But as we were leaving, he told the girl, "If I ever need a lawyer, I'll be happy to call your dad."
As we walked to our car, he said to me, "Do you believe he didn't know where the main shut-off valve  was? What a dumb ass!"
From that point on, her dad was known in school as Lawyer Dumb Ass.
When my husband and I bought our house, the first thing my dad showed him was the main shut-off valve.
I have always been proud to say that I'm a plumber's daughter.
The question is: The girl's attitude towards the writer can be best described as   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:unfriendly
B:doubtful
C:kind
D:grossIs your TV connected to the Internet? What about your chair, or your fridge? Probably they are not. But in the future, most things in your home may be connected, thanks to the so-called "Internet of things".
The Internet of things may be coming sooner than you think. Earlier this year, Samsung CEO spent a lot of time talking about the Internet things. He said that four years from now, every Samsung product will be part of the Internet of things, no matter whether it's a remote control or a washing machine.
So, how do household objects that are part of the Internet of things work? Well, think of a common chair. When connected to the Internet, the chair warms up when it knows the user has just walked into the room and is feeling cold.
An Internet-connected camera could help people feel safer in their homes. It can know people's faces and has an infrared sensor , so even if it's dark it can see when someone passes by and send you a message on your smartphone to let you know who's there. If the person is someone you don't know, it can tell you that, too.
But according to MIT Technology Review, whether companies are connecting dog food bowls or security systems to the Internet, there may be some problems. For example, many early connected-home objects don't have much built-in security, which means they could be hacked. Moreover, it could be difficult to get these new machines to work together especially when they are made by different companies. To fight this, many companies have joined the Open Interconnect Consortium, which had 45 members by late 2015.
So, picture this: you enter your home.The temperature changes to make you feel comfortable. Your favorite music starts playing for you. Do you think that this would be a good thing? It may happen sooner than you think.[:]
The question is: According to Samsung CEO, when will his product be part of the Internet of things?
The possible answers are:
A:In 2010
B:In 2020
C:In 2030
D:In 2040Many years ago, there was an old man who had four sons. He wanted his sons to learn not to judge  things too quickly. So he told them to go and look at a pear tree. It was far away from his home. The first son went in winter, the second in spring, the third in summer, and the youngest son in autumn.
When the sons came back, the old man asked them to say what they had seen. The first son complained the tree was ugly. The second son said the tree was covered with buds  and full of hope. The third son said the tree was full of green leaves. They looked so beautiful, and it was the most wonderful thing he had ever seen. The youngest son said that the tree was bowed  down with heavy fruits. It was full of life and fulfillment .
The man explained that all of his sons were right, but each of them had seen just one season of the tree. He told them that they couldn't judge a tree or a person by only one season. "If you give up when it's winter, you will miss the hope of your spring, the beauty of your summer, and the fulfillment of your autumn." said the old man.
It is true that we shouldn't let the hard season break the happiness of the other seasons. Never give up during the difficult days and better times are sure to come some day.
The question is: Which son thought the tree was ugly?
The possible answers are:
A:The first one.
B:The second one.
C:The third one.
D:The fourth one.The Blacks are English . Now they are in Beijing . This is their first visit to China.
They are going to stay in China for three weeks . They want to learn some Chinese ,too.
He likes driving in Beijing very much .Mrs Blacks is a teacher .She often visits a middle school in Beijing ,and she likes to speak with students.
They take a lot of photos in China .When they are back to English ,They're going to show the photos to their friends. They want the English People to know more about China.
The question is: Mr Black is a  _  He like driving in Beijing.
The possible answers are:
A:Driver
B:farmer
C:worker
D:teacher.Once a great boxer , Tom Brown, went to a restaurant for dinner. He put his bag near the door, but he was afraid that someone would take it away. So he got out a pen and a piece of paper and wrote on it, "The great boxer, Tom Brown, left his bag here and he will be back in a few minutes." He put the paper on his bag and went to have his dinner. When he came back, his bag wasn't there. But he found a piece of paper on the ground. It said, "A great runner took away your bag, and will not be back."
The question is: Tom Brown went to the restaurant   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:for his bag
B:to see a doctor
C:for dinner
D:for his penNO.4 Middle School
Kunming, Yunnan
April 2nd, 2004
Dear editor 
I live in a beautiful city. Many visitors come to my city. There are so many colorful peacocks here .The peacocks mostly live on the grass land of Dongfeng Square 
They are given food freely by visitors ,They usually throw food to them ,and  don't think about at all whether the food is right or not. Some of the peacocks became ill, some even died after eating the bad food given by the visitors . I'm sure most of the visitors who throw food to the peacocks really like the birds ,but don't realize that they may be doing them harm  .The visitors should be told that what have done is very harmful to the birds , and this kind of thing must be stopped from happening Perhaps we can build some small shops beside Dongfeng Square to sell peacock food .For us every person, it's our duty to give more love to these beautiful birds and to look after them carefully.
Yours,
Sun Yan
The question is: We can guess the writer of the letter, Sun Yan ,may be a  _
The possible answers are:
A:visitor
B:shopkeeper
C:square keeper
D:studentA city without cars would be very strange, right? But Venice is such a city.
Venice is in the northeast of Italy. It wasn't built on land, like Beijing or Shanghai, but on more than 110 islands. Seawater is everywhere around the city.
Even so, travel isn't difficult. The waterways have always been the best ways to get around. There are 117 waterways and more than 400 bridges that can guide you where you want to go.People in Venice move from place to place by boat. They like to enjoy the scenery and cool summer nights while taking boat trips. They can talk to other people as they go along.
Venice grew out of small islands in saltwater lakes when some Italians escaped from a war more than 1,500 years ago, and built homes there.
Water makes the city special, but it is also a big problem.
Once, people used too much underground water. This made the city get lower little by little. Now the city has gone down by 23 centimeters. Another problem is the rising seawater. The temperature has risen over the years. This has made the ice of the Arctic Ocean   melt  .
Every year, high waters hit the city in autumn and winter. When a lot of water comes, more than half of the city is underwater.
Scientists are trying different ways to stop the city from getting even lower.
,.
The question is: Which is the most impossible way for people in Venice to get around ?
The possible answers are:
A:On foot.
B:By boat.
C:By car.
D:By bike.With more and more cars on the road, the traffic jam  will happen. How do we see it and how can we solve the problem?
We know that the traffic jam happens in many places, especially in big cities. What are reasons for the problem? On one hand, some people think that they should have a car when they have enough money, and then it's easy to go out and they can feel comfortable. On the other hand, a growing number of people hope to use their cars to show off . What's more, years of research has shown that one of other reasons for the traffic jam is the driving habit. For example, many young people enjoy driving very fast, so they can feel excited. At last, most of them hardly care about the speed  rules.
Many governments  are working at how to make the traffic better. In my opinion, firstly, the government should educate  those people who have cars or plan to buy cars. The governments must make them know that the traffic jam is very serious , and set up a much more perfect traffic system  to solve the traffic pressure.
The question is: What should the governments do to make the traffic better?
The possible answers are:
A:They should educate those people who are young.
B:They should educate those people who are old.
C:They should set up a much more perfect traffic system.
D:They shouldn't allow people to buy so many cars.I'm Alfred. I was born with a problem in my backbone and mobility was a big challenge, but thanks to my teachers and friends, my school life was excellent.
My friends and I used to sit together and have lots of fun. Whenever we got a free period, we used to start shouting or play games. I would take part in all competitions, such as poetry writing, story writing and painting and all activities like Teachers' Day or anybody's birthday and had much fun.
My English teacher was very tall. The moment she would enter the class, we would all sit quiet and open the books. She would encourage me by giving me important assignments and also morning news to read during the assembly. She would come down and hear my English debate , which made me participate in all debate competitions.
The same was true of my biology and science teacher. She was very nice and sweet. She would always give me extra information on the biology project. I could not go to the lab for the practicals (lessons or exams in science, cooking etc. in which you have to do or make something yourself rather than write or read about it), so she would bring the lab down and help me with the biology and science practicals and would give me excellent marks.
My friends made me monitor and the naughty boys listen to me. My friends used to help me with my notes if I was absent. My teachers always gave me important project work and I felt proud when they _ after I finished it quickly and correctly.
I was never shouted at or made fun of or scolded  by any of my friends and teachers. Today I saw the terrible punishments given to students on television news. I felt very sad.
I really want to express my love and thanks to all my wonderful teachers and friends, without whom my school life would not have been so excellent and unforgettable. I really pray to God that each child in the world is blessed with caring teachers and wants to attend school every day.
The question is: Alfred tried to do the following EXCEPT   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:play games during a free period with his friends
B:take part in all competitions and all activities
C:go to the school lab to do the practicals
D:complete his project work quickly and correctlyI am a middle school student. My name is WeiFang. I'm thirteen now. I study at No.52 Middle School. I am in Class 3, Grade 1. There are twenty boys and twenty-three girls in my class. We have four lessons in the morning and two in the afternoon. We like English very much.
The question is: Which sentence is wrong ?
The possible answers are:
A:WeiFang is in No.52 Middle School.
B:WeiFang likes English very much.
C:WeiFang has six English lessons every day.
D:WeiFang is a middle school student.Dear Mary,
I'm sorry to hear that you didn't get good grades in math mid-term exam. And you said you spend a lot of time studying math. However, it is difficult for you to learn it well. I think you should find a right way to learn it. Here is my advice for you.
During the class
* Listen to the teacher and be sure to write down everything the teacher puts on the blackboard.
* If you don't understand a step or how to get the answer to the question, ask the teacher or a classmate for help right now.
* Underline key points while taking notes.
After the class
* Recopy each day's notes into a new notebook clearly.
* Do your homework every day carefully. And don't copy other students' homework.
* If a step is unclear or you don't know how to do it, ask for help soon. _ 
* Look for useful examples of how this kind of difficult problem is used in your textbook or other materials 
Before exam
* Review  all of your notes quickly and find out every missing problem at times.
* Work examples in the text each several times until you can do them quickly. This will help you improve the speed  needed for the exam.
If you do as I said, I think you will get good grades in the final exam. Come on! Mary.
The question is: Which of the following ways is not mentioned in the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:Be sure to write down everything the teacher puts on the blackboard.
B:Underline key points while taking notes during the class.
C:Work examples in the text each several times until you can do them quickly before the exam.
D:Put up your hand if you don't know how to do it.It is evening,an old cock is sitting in a tall tree. A fox comes to the tree and looks at the cock .
"Hello,Mr Cock. I have some good news for you," says the fox.
"Oh?" says the cock,"what is it?"
"All the animals are good friends now. Let's be friends,too. Please come down and play with me."
"Fine!" says the cock,"I'm very glad to hear that." Then he looks up."Look! There is something over there."
"What are you looking at?" asks the fox.
"Oh,I see some animals over there. They are coming this way."
"Animals?""Yes,oh,they are dogs."
"What? Dogs!" asks the fox,"Well...well,I must go now. Goodbye."
"Wait,Mr Fox," says the cock,"Don't go. They are only dogs. And dogs are our friends now."
"Yes. But they don't know that yet."
"I see,I see," says the cock .He smiles and goes to sleep in the tree.
The question is: Where is the cock?
The possible answers are:
A:under the tree
B:near the tree
C:on the tree
D:in the treeAll of the people have ambitions. An ambition is something we want to do, want to have, or want to be. A student's ambition, for example, might be to pass his or her exams. An athlete's ambition could be to win an important competition. A businessman's ambition is usually to make a lot of money.
Not all ambitions are about success at work, however. Some people just want to be good people, have a happy family or help others.
Ben's ambition is to be a sports writer. He writes the sports reports for his class newspaper. He likes most sports, but swimming and football are his favorites.
Trudy's ambition is to be a concert pianist. She is very serious about it and practices every day with her best friend Lily. It is very important to her.
Harry's ambition changes every day! One day he wants to be an astronaut. The next day he wants to be a pop singer. Then he wants to drive a racing car. His mother would be happy if his ambition was to get up in time for school every day!
What is your ambition?
The question is: Why does Trudy practice the piano every day?
The possible answers are:
A:Because she wants to be a concert pianist.
B:Because she wants to help Lily.
C:Because she wants to be a pop singer.
D:Because her mom tells her to.Now more and more foreign  families move to Yiwu. The Kings is one of them. The King family is from an Arabic Country. Mr King is a businessman. Mrs King is 35 years old , five years younger than  her husband. She is a teacher. They have two children. Tony, their son,is a student. He is 10. He studies in Wuai Primary school. Tony has got a sister, Alice. She is 5 years old. They like Yiwu very much.
The question is: What does Mrs King do?
The possible answers are:
A:A nurse
B:A farmer
C:A doctor
D:A teacherThere are four seasons in a year in China. February, March, and April make the spring season. .May, June and July make the summer season. August, September and October make the autumn season.. November, December and January make the winter season..
Near the North Pole there are only two seasons. They are winter and summer. The nights in winter are very long. For more than two months you can't see the sun, even at noon. In summer the days are long. For more than two months the sun never sets, and there is no night.
In the tropics  there are also two seasons: a rainy season and a dry season.
The question is: The two seasons near the North Pole are   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:spring and autumn
B:winter and summer
C:rainy season and dry season
D:spring and winterHave you ever been ill? When you are ill,you must be unhappy because your body becomes hot,and there are pains all over your body. You don't want to work,you stay in bed,feeling very sad.
What makes us ill? It is germs . Germs are everywhere. They are very small and you can't find them with your eyes,but you can see them with a microscope. They are very small and there could be hundreds of them on a very small thing.
Germs are always found in dirty water. When we look at dirty water under the microscope,we shall see them in it. So your father and mother will not let you drink dirty water.
Germs aren't found only in water. They are found in air and dust. If you cut your finger,if some of the dust from the floor goes into the cut ,some of the germs would go into your finger. Your finger would become big and red,and you will have much pain in it. Sometimes the germs would go into all of your body,and you would have pain everywhere.
The question is: What is a microscope used for?
The possible answers are:
A:Making very small things look much bigger.
B:Making very big things look much smaller.
C:Helping you read some newspapers.
D:Helping you if you can't see things clearly.Jack sells books at a bookstore. He needs to sell books for 10 hours every day and 6 days every week. But Jack doesn' t think it's a long time, because books are his favorite things.
When Jack is not busy, he likes reading books at the bookstore. His favorite book is Mark Twain's The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn. Every week Jack can take one book home and read it. Jack loves selling books also because he can meet book lovers there. Jack recommends  good books to them and they do the same to Jack.
Jack gets about 300 dollars every two weeks. Now he has about 2, 400 dollars. He wants to buy a car . After about 3 months, Jack can buy his first car.
The question is: "do the same""  _  " .
The possible answers are:
A:sell books for long hours
B:recommend good books
C:like Mark Twain's books
D:take one book home and read itI think it's hard for a teenager to live in the modern society. For example, how to go to school is a problem I often worry about. Every afternoon, my father picks me up at the gate of the school. Many parents pick up their children, too.  Most of them drive private cars. Of all the cars, Anna's father's car is the best. Anna seems to have a very rich father. She always has beautiful dresses, shoes and bags. Besides these, she is also very beautiful. But she has no friends in school. When other students are playing, she never joins them. I don't like her because she is too perfect. It makes me uncomfortable to make friends with her. She seems to have everything.
One afternoon, when I went to my father's car, I saw a small thing fall out of Anna's bag.  So I called her quickly. However, she didn't look back and kept going. I felt very angry with her.
During the dinner, my father asked me, "Why do you look unhappy?"
"Today I saw something fall out of Anna's bag, so called her.  But she didn't answer me. She is _ . " said angrily.
"Oh, I know that girl. She has no friends and is unhappy because she was born deaf. I'm sure that she didn't hear you. "
What my father said suddenly woke me up. Because she is deaf, she does not talk or play with anyone at school.  She seems to have everything, but in fact she doesn't.
Not everyone is perfect, even the perfect man has his weakness.
The question is: Which of the following is TRUE according to the text?
The possible answers are:
A:Many students like Anna very much.
B:The writer's father knows Anna is a deaf girl.
C:Anna has everything she wants.
D:Anna is very happy though she is deaf.My name is Daniel. Let me talk about my day. I get up at 6:30 a.m. and I read English for about half an hour. I eat breakfast at about 7:10 a.m. I go to school by bus at about 7:40 a.m. My school starts at 8:20 a.m. In the morning, I have three lessons. I like English best. At 11:20 a.m., we have lunch at school. After lunch, on Monday and Thursday, I go to the school library. On Tuesday and Friday, I go to the art room. And on Wednesday, I go to English Club. We have our class at 2:30 p.m., and we only have two lessons in the afternoon. School is over at 4:00 p.m. We can go home on the school bus. We always have a good time at school.
The question is: How long does Daniel read English in the morning?
The possible answers are:
A:For about 10 minutes.
B:For about half an hour.
C:For an hour.
D:For an hour and a half.Every day since March 8, people all over the world keep asking the same question: Where did Malaysia Airlines Flight MH370 go? It turns out to be the biggest mystery in modern aviation   history.
In the early hours of March 8, a Boeing 777 took off from Malaysia's capital Kuala Lumpur  . It was heading to Beijing.
But about two hours into the flight, the plane lost contact. There were 239 people on board the Malaysia Airlines flight, including 154 Chinese.
About 12 countries, including China, the US and Australia, have joined the search for the missing plane and passengers. The plane's disappearance was a "mystery", said officials. The plane was flying at a height of more than 10,000 meters when it suddenly lost contact. The weather was clear. The pilots didn't make any distress calls  . When a plane crashes, broken parts are usually recovered. But up to April 2, officials have not found anything.    People are also talking about a possible hijacking. Interpol   said that two people on the flight used stolen passports. But that information alone isn't evidence  of a hijack.
The investigation   is still going on. It could take months or even years to find out what happened to the flight.
"We are looking at all possibilities," said Malaysian Transport Minister Hishamuddin Hussein. "The most important thing now is to find the plane."
On March 24 came a piece of sad news. Malaysian Prime Minister Najib Razak said that the plane "ended in the southern Indian Ocean". Everyone on the plane died. But the mystery is still not solved. Nobody is giving up. China has said it will work hard to find out the truth at all costs.
The question is: Which country was the Flight MH370 flying to ?
The possible answers are:
A:Malaysia.
B:China.
C:Australia.
D:the US.In recent years advances in medical technology have made it possible for people to live longer than in the past. New medicines and instruments are being developed every day to extend life. However,some people,including some doctors, are not in favour of these life extending measures,and they argue that people should have the right to die when they want. They say that the quality of life is as important as life itself,and that people should not be forced to go on living when conditions of life have become unbearable(. They say that people should be allowed to die with dignity  and to decide when they want to die. Others argue that life under any conditions is better.
The question is: The writer's opinion is  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:death is better than life
B:life is better than death
C:neither death nor life is good
D:none of the aboveThis is a reading room in Kate's school. It is big and very nice. There is a lot of furniture in it. There are twenty desks, eighty chairs and twenty computers. There're some pictures on the wall. They are all of famous people. Some students are in the reading room. They like reading books here. Kate is here too. Her mother is an English teacher at the school and her father is a doctor in the school hospital. They like reading books in the reading room too.
The question is: What's the reading room like?
The possible answers are:
A:It's small but nice.
B:It's big and nice.
C:It's big but not nice.
D:It's small and not nice.Our school has a big library. We often go there. Today is Sunday. Lily and I are in the library. In the library there are some signs on the wall. The signs mean   different   things. We know them. Don't shout in the reading room. Don't drink or eat here. Don't litter   in the library.
I see a man smoking in the reading room. I go to him and say, "Sir, you can't smoke here. Look at the sign. It says 'No smoking'.You can smoke in the smoking room." The man says sorry.
The question is: What are there on the wall of the library?
The possible answers are:
A:Pictures
B:Maps
C:Signs
D:PhotosHere are some news from China Daily in February, 2016.
1.  Air quality in 271 out of 338 prefecture-level   or above cities failed to meet national standards on the Chinese New Year Eve to 6 am the next morning on Feb 8, primarily because of pollution caused by firecrackers  .
2.  According to data released by CCTV, the Spring Festival Gala   was watched on TV domestically by 690 million views while 138 million people watched it online.
3.  Kung Fu Panda 3 and The Mermaid<<>> were very popular movies during the Spring Festival.  But The Mermaid has earned more than 2 billion yuan after nine days in Chinese mainland theaters. It is expected to break the box office records Fast & Furious 7<<7>> and Monster Hunt<<>> set on the Chinese mainland to become the highest earning film in China's film history.
4.  After the universal two-child policy, China will have a baby boom. Especially Chinese people have traditionally believed babies born in the Year of the Monkey to be smart and confident, due to their love of the animal because it is cute and resembles  humans in many ways.
The question is: Which movie can become the highest earning film in China's film history?
The possible answers are:
A:Kung Fu Panda 3.
B:The Mermaid.
C:Fast & Furious 7.
D:Monster Hunt.During the day we work and play, and at night we sleep. Our bodies rest while we are sleeping. In the morning we are ready to work and play again. When we are asleep, our bodies grow most. When children feel tired and angry, they usually need more sleep. We can get our lessons better, and we feel better, too, when we have enough sleep. Boys and girls, eight or nine years old, need ten hours of sleep every night. Our bodies need plenty of  air when we sleep. If we do not get enough fresh air we wake up feeling tired. While in bed we must not cover our heads. If we do, our lungs will not get enough fresh air. If we open our windows at night we can have plenty of fresh air. Cool air is better than warm air. Boys and girls must get plenty of sleep if they want to grow and be strong.
The question is: The writer is trying to tell boys and girls   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:to get their lessons better
B:not to cover their heads
C:how to go to bed
D:to get enough sleepOne day a doctor said to the boy's father that he could graft a pair of ears for his son, if they could be offered. Two years went by. Then, "You are going to the hospital, son. Mother and I have someone who will _ the ears you need. But it's a secret," said the father.
The operation was a brilliant success. Later the boy married and entered the diplomatic service . "But I must know who gave so much to me. I could never do enough for him." "But the agreement was that you are not to know... not yet," said the father. The years kept their secret, but the day did come... one of the darkest days that ever passed through his son. Slowly, the father stretched forth a hand and raised the thick, reddish-brown hair to show... that the mother had no ears.
"Mother said she was glad she never let her hair be cut," he whispered gently, "and nobody ever thought mother less beautiful, did they?"
Real beauty lies not in the physical appearance, but in the heart. Real treasure lies not in what that can be seen, but what that cannot be seen. Real love lies not in what is done and known, but in what that is done but not known.
The question is: Which of the following is NOT true according to the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:Real beauty lies in the heart.
B:Real love lies in what that is done but not known.
C:The passage mainly tells us how the boy succeeded.
D:The love of mother is great.Today is November 8th. It's Gina's birthday. She is twelve. Jim, Kate and Bill are her friends. They want to buy some presents  for Gina. They go to the store near  the school. There are lots of things in the store. They buy a big cake , two boxes of color pencils, a pencil case and some nice books. They want to buy two dolls  for Gina, but the dolls are too dear .
The question is: -- When is Gina's birthday?   --   _
The possible answers are:
A:Today
B:It's Gina's birthday
C:November 8th
D:Sorry,I don't knowA lamb was on her way home. Suddenly a wolf came up and stopped her. The lamb said, "I know you are going to eat me. But before you eat me, I would like to hear you play the flute . You can play the flute better than anyone else, even the shepherd himself."
The wolf was so happy. And he took out his flute and began to play.
The wolf finished one piece. Then the lamb said some good words and asked him to play another piece again.
The shepherd and the dogs heard the sound. Then _ ran to the lamb and the wolf. They caught the wolf and saved the lamb.
The question is: According to the passage, which of the following is TRUE?
The possible answers are:
A:The wolf was angry.
B:The lamb like the flute very much.
C:The shepherd liked to listen to music.
D:The lamb wanted someone to hear the sound and save her.Last year I travelled to Finland. I enjoyed the time in the plane because I knew a friendly man there. He was from Italy, but we had no problem _ with each other. We both talked in English.
When I got to Finland, I visited Espoo, Oulu, Lahti and Tampere. The people there were very friendly. I also spent a lot of time in Helsinki -- the capital of Finland. People also called it the daughter of the sea. It was very clean. There I watched the Baltic Sea. It was very beautiful. One night, I went to the theatre to see a very interesting local play. Everything was OK but the sun, because the sunset   there was too early.
I had a very nice time in this country and I want to travel to it again.
The question is: What didn't the writer like about Finland from the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:Its sunset.
B:Its people.
C:Its play.
D:Its sea.Many people go to school for a good education. They learn languages ,history, maths and other subjects. School education is very important and useful, yet no one can learn everything from school. No matter how much a teacher knows, he can't teach his students everything they want to know. His work is to show his students how to learn.He teaches them how to read and how to think. So, much more is to be learned outside school by the students themselves.
It is always more important to know how to study by oneself. It is quite easy to learn something in language or formula ( )in maths, but it is difficult to use a formula to find the answer to a maths problem. Great inventors do not get everything from school, but they can invent many things and change the world a lot. Though Thomas Edison invented many things, he didn't have much school education. How do they do all this ? A lot of things are not taught in the classroom. They get knowledge(  ) from books outside school. They work hard all their lives, and the most important thing is that they know how to use their heads.
The question is: How can an inventor invent things? The most important thing is how to   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:get knowledge
B:use his head well
C:teach everything
D:learn more knowledge from his teacherNot only women wear skirts. Men can wear them, too. In Scotland  , men wear a kilt - a kind of skirt. The kilt is their national dress.
The kilt has checks   and different colors, like red or blue. Each family in Scotland has its own colors. How did the Scotsmen   start to wear kilts. There is a story about it. Rawlinson had some workers from Scotland in his office and he thought their clothing _ their work. So he cut their clothes into a shorter skirt.
Today, they usually only wear them at weddings   or big dinners. Only a few men wear a kilt every day. Scotsmen also wear kilts in big parties. The policemen still have skills as the dress uniforms, but they don't wear them to catch the thieves.
The question is: When do Scotsmen wear kilts?
The possible answers are:
A:At weddings
B:At big dinners
C:In big parties
D:All of above.When you are next in Hawaii,be sure to stay at the Garden Hotel.Whether you come on business or on holiday,you will find everything as comfortable and as convenient as you would expect in a first-class international hotel.Every bedroom has its own private bathroom,telephone,wall-to-wall carpeting and colorful,modern materials and furniture in the local style.
In the Mitsui Restaurant,you can choose your meals from as wide a variety of dishes,both Eastern and European,as you will find anywhere in the country.In the Beach Bar,you can drink with your family and friends in air-conditioned comfort,to the music of internationally known musicians.Or you can take your drink outside into the beautiful garden that gives the hotel its name,or to the tables that surround the swimming pool.Throughout the hotel,you will find the service is both friendly and efficient.
The Garden Hotel is right on the beach,only five minutes' walk from Hawaii's modern shopping center.Here you will find all that money can buy,at prices you can afford.
The question is: "The Service is both friendly and efficient"means   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:you can get what you want quickly and pleasantly
B:you can serve yourself,your family and your friends
C:internationally known musicians will serve you
D:you can meet your friends there in air-conditioned comfortEvery day,it is easy to see advertisements in English all around us.Look at your own bags and clothes,and at the bags and clothes of your classmates.How many different advertisements can you see which use English words?
Often bags and clothes show the name of the company that made them. This is a popular form.A special picture or symbol called a logo is sometimes used.Logos appear on many different products .They are popular because when you see a logo,it is hard to forget that product or company.
It is common to see advertisements on TV and hear them on the radio.Most advertisements are very short.Sometimes the advertisers use a short sentence which is easy for people to say and remember. Nike,for example,has a simple English sentence which is used all around the world:"Just do it."Advertisements often use funny situations as well.It is simple to remember it.
All advertisements are designed to make people buy a product.An advertisement for a soft drink,for example,might show a group of young people who are having fun.The young people are al1 drinking the soft drink.Advertisers are saying to you,"Why don't you buy this drink and be like these people? You can be young and modern."
You might think that advertisements are not after you,but the next time you buy a soft drink,ask yourself this question:Why am I buying this particular product?
The question is: People are most likely to remember an advertisement that is  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:in English
B:long
C:funny
D:famousWe have heard about people who have special memories. Recently there has been a report about a woman from Australia who can remember almost every detail   of all the events in her daily life.
Rebecca Sharrock, 25, is one of just 80 people worldwide who have been identified  as having Highly Superior Autobiographical Memory ( HSAM,). It means she can remember every small event-which most people would forget with in (......)  days-as if it had happened just minutes ago.
"I remember my mum putting me in the driver's seat of a car and taking a picture of me when I was 12 days old," she said. "That's my earliest memory. I remember every day since then. I can't tell all the dates exactly because I was too young to understand calendars, but I remember what I did that every day, what the weather was like and so on."
Rebecca can also re-experience taste. If she's eating something that she doesn't like, she thinks about Black Forest cake, her favorite food, and the memory will be so strong that she can nearly "taste" it.
However,  sometimes her memories prove   to be painful. Because they're not just events that she remembers. "When I relive   memories, the feelings return, too," Rebecca said. "For example, I remember falling over when I was three at my grandparents' house and hurting my left knee. Talking about it now, I feel painful in my left knee. "
"At night, I have to sleep with the radio/recorder and a soft light on, she added. "1f it's too dark or quiet, my mind would be filled with all these memories and I can't sleep. "
The question is: Whenever she is reliving her memories,  _
The possible answers are:
A:she is happy
B:she experiences the feelings again
C:she feels pain in her knees
D:she can taste her favorite foodBears are found in Asia, Africa and America. They are very strong, with short tails and thick legs. Bears eat almost everything. They seem to enjoy meat, vegetables, fruit, milk and rice.
Bears are not quite dangerous as people imagine them to be. Like most animals, they will try to stay away from human beings. However, bears are not weak animals. Sometimes they kill hunters, for they can be very dangerous.
Bears have a good sense of smell but they have poor eyesight. They are also hard of hearing but they are very clever. They feed mainly on roots, frogs, fish and also small insects. They will sometimes kill deer and other large animals, but they seem to like small animals better.
In the cold area, bears hibernate, or go to sleep from October to April. Before they start to hibernate, they eat a lot and store fat. The mother bear has its babies, usually two, towards the end of hibernation. A large bear is much cleverer than a cat and most other animals. You may notice at the zoo how cleverly they ask for food. They sit up and hold out their paws. You would have to teach a dog such a trick but the bears learn this by themselves.
The question is: A mother bear usually gives birth to  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:many babies
B:only one
C:some of babies
D:two babiesDear daughter
You are a wonderful person and your mother and I love you. It will not be long before you leave school to make your way in the world. Can I give you some friendly advice? Here are some things that you should never do.
1. Never get upset with your looks.
We think you look great. Please be happy with the person you are and the body you have. Eat well, take exercise and be healthy. Some girls become upset because they try to lose weight or get the perfect shape. You look fine.
2. Never spend money more than your income  .
Never spend money more than your income and save a little every month. Don't borrow others' money if possible.
3. Never look down on yourself.
You are great of achieving great things so believe in yourself. When things go badly, never stop believing. Some girls get upset and lose confidence, and then all kinds of problems can follow.
4. Never give less than your best.
We are very proud of what you have succeeded so far. You should be proud too. Keep doing well. Keep trying your hardest at everything you do.
5. Never forget that your parents love you.
Whatever happens in life, your family will still be your family. Whatever difficulties you have, you can always talk to us and we will try to help. We are here for you.
Love
Dad
The question is: When someone gets upset and loses confidence,  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:nobody will love him
B:he can't get good income
C:all problems will follow him
D:his parents won't believe in him anymoreHello! I'm Tom Green. I'm English. This is my mother. Her first name is Mary. This is my father. His first name is Steve. My phone number is seven six zero, nine one seven six. Li Lei is my friend. His English name is Paul. He is Chinese. His phone number is two eight one, five two four eight. Look at the photo. Who is that in the photo? It' s my cousin. His name is Eric. He is a middle school student.
The question is: What' s Tom's last name?
The possible answers are:
A:Tom.
B:Green.
C:Tom Green.
D:Green Tom.One weekend, a wife and a husband went to visit a shop in London. After they got back home, they couldn't find their camera. They thought the camera must be in the shop. After a few weeks,they went to that shop again and the boss gave their camera back to them.
When their picture of the camera came out, the husband saw two pictures he did not take. One isa man standing at the door of the shop. In his hand there is a piece of paper with some words onit "I find your camera". The other is a boy with a piece of paper in his hand. There are somewords on the paper too, "I take the pictures."
The question is: A wife and a husband went to visit a shop in   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:London
B:Pairs
C:New York
D:BeijingWho has the smelliest sneakers  ?
How can you get $2,500 easily? All you need is a pair of smelly sneakers.This is  the true story in America in the Rotten Sneaker Contest. This year in March, there was the annual    Rotten Sneaker Contest in America.This contest first came out in 1975.The person who had a sporting goods   store first had the idea to promote  a kind of new shoes. This year the winner was a girl named Casey Adams. She walked her dog and cleaned out her chicken coop   with this pair of sneakers. So with her sneakers,  there was the smell of dog and chicken poop  . Other children in this contest all wore their sneakers to join the contest. However, who has the smelliest sneakers? Casey's sneakers were so smelly that she had to take them inside some bags by car. Finally, Casey got the prize money and a trip to New  York to watch a show for free.
,.
The question is: How did Casey take her sneakers to the contest?
The possible answers are:
A:Wore them there.
B:Sent them there.
C:Took them inside some bags.
D:Took them inside a shoe box.Are you a gourmand ? Do you want to eat every delicious food in the world? Then do you watch the popular program?"A Bite of China " is a documentary on Chinese delicious food which has been broadcasted by Chinese central television. Is there any holiday that isn't celebrated with a special festival food? Here are several traditional Chinese foods:
Eggs hold a special meaning in many cultures, and China is no exception . The Chinese believe eggs mean producing something new. After a baby is born, parents may hold a "red egg and ginger party," where they pass out eggs to announce the birth. In some areas of China the number of eggs represents the sex of the child, for example, an even number(1,3,5,---) for a girl, and an odd number(2,4,6---) if a boy has been born.
Noodles are a symbol of longlife in Chinese culture. They are as much a part of a Chinese birthday celebration as a birthday cake with lit candles is in many countries. Since noodles represent long life, it is considered very unlucky to cut it off.
Although westerners sometimes may be very sorry to see fish lying on a plate, in China a whole fish is a symbol of richness. In fact, at a party it is traditional to serve the whole fish last, pointed toward the valued guest. Fish also has a special meaning because the Chinese word for fish, yu, sounds like the word for richness or plenty, and it is believed that eating fish will help your wishes come true in the year to come.
A very popular dish during the Dragon Boat Festival is Zongzi. This tasty dish is made of rice dumplings with meat, peanut or other delicious food in bamboo leaves. The tradition of Zongzi is meant to remind us of a great man, Qu Yuan.
The 50-minute program tries to bring something new by presenting more cultural elements ,such as eating habits and the quality of eating.
The question is: A bite of China is   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:a book
B:a documentary
C:a guide book
D:a newspaperI have two pets. They are Fly, a dog, and Huahua, a cat.
Fly is brown and grey. He is naughty . He sometimes steals  food in the kitchen.Once, when there was nobody at home, Fly pulled   a piece of meat off the table. But he was not careful enough. The plate also fell to the floor. When I got home, I saw the broken plate all over the floor, so I became very angry. Fly was so afraid that he went back to his bed at once.
Huahua is a white and yellow cat. She is not beautiful but she is very lovely. Every night at weekends, Huahua sleeps on my bed. When she sleeps, she always snores. It is very funny.
Huahua is also naughty. Whenever she does something bad and my grandma tries to catch her, she runs away quickly and hides quietly under the bed.
Fly and Huahua love to play games with me and I like them very much.
The question is: Which of the following is NOT true?
The possible answers are:
A:Huahua is a cat.
B:Fly sleeps on the writer's bed every night.
C:Fly and Huahua love to play games with the writer.
D:Huahua is very naughty.We all need to exercise.Doctors say it is good for us.It makes our heart and body strong.It also gives you more energy .And you will feel better about yourself.It's good to exercise twice a week.Twenty minutes each time is enough.
There are many ways to exercise.You can walk,run,play sports or swim.Many people go to special places to exercise.They are called "fitness centers ".These places have a lot of equipments .People can do different sports there.Some people buy equipments for their homes.But it is very expensive.
Exercising can be fun.Friends can exercise together at a fitness center,or they can play sports together.How do you exercise? How often do you exercise?
The question is: At fitness centers,  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:you can buy expensive equipments
B:people can do many kinds of exercise
C:it is very expensive
D:exercising is not popularJenny and Henry were born on the same day and they look the same. Their father is a taxi driver and he is busy all the time. He goes out early in the morning, but comes back when his children are sleeping in bed. He makes a lot of money but he doesn't talk with them about their study. The two children study in the same class. Jenny works hard at her lessons, but her brother likes nothing but playing. He is not good at writing compositions  .
One day Mrs. Cook told her class to write a composition "My Mother". After supper Jenny wrote one in her exercise book and then went to help her mother to do some housework. But Henry went to play football. When night fell, he came back to watch TV until the TV play was over. And he took off his clothes and went to bed, he remembered the composition and had to go to the sitting room again. But he didn't know how to write it. He thought hard and at last he found a way. He found Jenny's schoolbag and brought out her exercise book and copied   her composition.
Two days later Mrs. Cook asked Henry, "Can you tell me why your composition is the same as Jenny's?" "Yes, I can, madam," answered Henry. "We have the same mother. "
The question is: Henry isn't good at writing compositions because  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:he doesn't like studying
B:he is too young to do it
C:he isn't clever
D:he never reads anythingA man walked to India from far away. When he got there, he saw a lot of fruit. Among them there was a big basket of very red, long fruit. And it was the cheapest in the shop. "I'd like a kilogram of this kind of fruit, please," he said to the shop keeper. After the keeper gave him the fruit, he began to eat some of it. "Oh, my God!" he shouted. His eyes watered, his mouth watered; his eyes were burning, his head was burning; and his face became red. As he coughed, he jumped up and down, saying, "Ah! Ah! Ah!"
But he still kept eating the fruit! Some people looking at him and said, "You're crazy, man. Those are chilies ! You can't eat so many; they're not good for you! People use them as a _ , but only a little bit to put into food for taste. You can't just eat them like that; they're not fruit!"
But the man said, "No, I can't stop! I paid money for them. It's my money!"
Sometimes we do a lot of things like that. We still continue just because we've put money, time, effort and love into it. Just like the man who ate the chilies and felt so bad but couldn't stop because he didn't want to waste the money he had paid.
The question is: What did the man think of the red, long fruit?
The possible answers are:
A:It was very delicious.
B:It was awful.
C:It 
was cheap and tasted nice.
D:It looked like a carrot.It seems that everywhere around the world, people are spending more time at work and less time with their families and friends.People are busier than ever before.
In the past in many countries,the father worked and the mother stayed at home, took care of the children, and did the food shopping,cooking,and cleaning.At present in most of the families,parents need to work on weekends,so they both have to do the shopping,cooking,and cleaning in their free time.Parents don't have much time with their children,however,they often had time in the past.There are also many single parent families.In these families,the single parent has to do everything.
These days,many children come home from school to an empty apartment or house.A lot of children spend many hours each day in front of the television.Even when families are together,it is common for family members to do things by themselves.For example,they watch programs on their own TVs in different rooms,they use the Internet,they talk with friends on the telephone,and they do other things by themselves.
Isn't it strange?Thanks to technology,people are able to communicate so easily with people far away,but sometimes they don't communicate with people in their own homes.
The question is: At present,parents in most families both have to do the shopping,cooking,and cleaning in their free time because they need to    _   on weekends.
The possible answers are:
A:relax
B:walk
C:sleep
D:workBats are the only flying mammal  in the world. They can't see very well. It is long believed, in many places, that all bats are blind . "Blind as a bat" is often heard.
Yet they have no trouble flying in the darkest nights and finding their way around. How can bats fly and see at night? They fly by radar  .
The bat's radar system works the same way as the one that ships and planes use. When a bat flies through the air, it makes sounds that people can't hear. If the sounds hit things, they will come back. The bat's ears can receive the messages. In this way it can know where the things are.
Bats go out to look for food at night. In the daytime they stay in some dark places. Some people think bats are bad animals. In fact, they are useful animals.
The question is: The bat has no trouble flying in the darkest nights because  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:its eyes are good
B:it can't see well
C:it can make a sound
D:it has a kind of radar system to help itPaul had just left college and was offered an interview for a position in a company in New York. As he needed to move from Texas to New York if he got the job, he wanted to talk about the decision with someone before accepting it. But his parents had died. He remembered that his father had suggested he should turn to an old friend of his family if he needed advice.
The older man said, "Go to New York and have the interview. But I want you to go on a train and I want you to get a private compartment . Don't take anything to write with, anything to listen to or anything to read, and don't talk to anybody except when you order the meal. Call me when you get to New York and I will tell you what to do next."
At first, Paul followed the advice closely. The trip took two days. As he had brought along nothing to do, he quickly became bored. He realized he was being forced into quite time - he could do nothing but think. About three hours outside New York City he broke the rules, asked for a pencil and paper and kept writing down the thoughts until the train arrived in New York.
Paul called the family friend from the train station.
"Thank you, Uncle I know what you wanted. You wanted me to think. And now I know what to do.""I guessed you could understand my idea, Paul," came the reply, "Good luck."
Now, years later, Paul runs a company in New York. And he always spends a couple of days being alone with no phone, no television and no people to think quietly.
The question is: What would be the best title for the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:Time to be quiet
B:You're not alone
C:Studying in the Journey
D:Friends are usefulI had hidden the long black bag in the garage for the past two days. Tonight, in the dark, I would finally take it away. If everything went OK, it would be done by morning. But I had to be sure no one, not even my wife, saw me.
It was more difficult to get away from the party than I expected. I said that the children were tired and needed to get to bed. It was partly true. But the main reason for leaving was that I wanted to complete my plan.
First I had to get the kids to sleep. That was never easy at any time and tonight it was even more difficult. The eldest one wanted to know why we left the party early. I told him 10:30 pm was not early. As usual, I read them a bed time story, but I had to stop myself reading too quickly or _ would learn my secret.
Silence finally came, and feeling like a thief in the night, I went out of the house and into the garage. Taking one end, I dragged  the bag out from its hiding place and took it into the garden. I was worried that my neighbours might see me and call the police.
It was already eleven o'clock. By the light of the moon I started working, trying to make as little noise as possible. And that was not easy with a saw   and a hammer.
After much effort, my work was finally completed. I looked down at my watch. It was exactly 4:00 am. Then I went inside to have a shower and get a few hours of sleep. It wouldn't be long now before the kids would rush into my room and wake me up to tell me about the new tree-house Father Christmas had brought them this year.
The question is: How long did the man spend completing his work?
The possible answers are:
A:Three hours.
B:Four hours.
C:Five hours.
D:Six hours.If you want to make friends, what should you do?
Steps:
Try to look on the bright side of things.
Look for groups in your area that do something you are interested in. Maybe you will learn some new skills and meet some people who have many things in common with you.
Tips(,):
 _ your friends at least once a week by telephone or e-mail, or by visiting them to find out how they are. Remember important things about them such as birthdays and weddings .
If you have an argument with your friends, say sorry first.
Remember never to leave old friends just because you have made some new ones.
Listen to others carefully. It's better to be a good listener.
Be different. Don't try to change others through your own ideas.
Warnings:
Never ask or give away  a friend's secret.
Don't be afraid to stand up for what is right.
You'd better not give your ID number, phone number or your home address to people that you have just made friends with.
,A, B, C, D,. (10)
The question is: What's the best title for the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:What Is Real Friendship
B:Where to Meet New Friends
C:How to Make Friends
D:Friends should Help Each OtherDo your parents ever say, "act like a lady" or "be a gentleman" to you? But in the eyes of today's teenagers , what should a lady or a gentleman be like? Let's take a look.
What is a gentleman? The girls have their ideas:
Huang Xiaoyu of Guizhou: A gentleman doesn't always get angry . He wants others to be well and happy. He is always ready to help. There is a boy in my class and I think he is a gentleman. If I don't do well in the English exam, he will say, "You will do better next time." That makes me feel happy.
Chen Tingting of Shenzhen: A gentleman always says, "Ladies first" When students clean up the classroom, he does the heavy work. He lets girls go into rooms first. There are no gentlemen in my class. When there is something to eat, the boys in my class always get them before girls!
What is a lady? Boys tell us what they think a lady is:
Wu Yifan of Dalian: A lady is quiet and kind, but she's not shy  and she can talk about her ideas in front of others. To me, Dong Jie, a film star, is a lady. She is pretty and kind. She does a lot for others.
Wang Lichao of Tianjin: A lady is not just beautiful but clever. She never says bad words. She is quiet and kind to others. I don't think there is a lady in my class. Most of the girls are "
", I think.
The question is: A gentleman doesn't    _   .
The possible answers are:
A:think about others
B:always say "ladies first"
C:do the heavy work
D:get angry easilyA boy couldn't speak when he was 3 years old. A lot of people thought he was a foolish boy. When the boy was 9 years old, he could speak but he still couldn't speak well. His teacher didn't like him at all and his classmates laughed at him. He felt very sad, One day his father had a walk with him. They went to a wood and there were a lot of trees there. Then his father took him to two trees and said to him."Boy, this tree is sabal (,)and this tree is fir . Sabal grows very quickly at first but a few years later, it will stop growing, so the tallest Sabal can't reach ten meters. But the fir is different, it grows very slowly at first but it never stops growing so it can grow very tall."
Then his father took him to another fir. It was so tall, so strong. It can reach the sky. The father said to his son, "Son, you are the fir."The boy understood his father's words. The boy became a very great scientist. Do you know who he is? He is the world-famous scientist. His name is Einstein.
The question is: What did the boy become at last?
The possible answers are:
A:He became a great teacher.
B:He became a great father.
C:He became a great scientist.
D:He became a great businessman.What should you take in with you when you take an exam? Pen, pencil, eraser, ruler..., and don't forget a bottle of water!
According to a study at the British Psychological ( ) Society Annual Conference held in London, students who bring water into exams may improve their grades by up to 10 percent.
Scientists at the University of East London and the University of Westminster, UK, did a study on 447 students. The students were studying for different degrees   at the University of East London. Only 25 percent of them entered the exam hall with something to drink.
Scientists then compared their exam results with their normal schoolwork grades. They found that all those who had brought drinks with them got better grades by between 2 and 10 percent.
It is unclear why drinking water improves exam results. But scientists say having enough water in our bodies and not feeling thirsty could have a helpful effect on our brains. Drinking water may also cut down on anxiety ( ), which has a bad effect on exam performances, according to Chris Pawson, PhD, of the University of East London.
"Whatever the explanation, it is clear that students should try hard to stay hydrated  with water during exams," he said.
So next time, when you are going to have a big exam, try bringing a bottle of water with you.Who knows - it may help you pass the exam!
The question is: How many students in the study got better grades?
The possible answers are:
A:About112 students who brought drinks or water into their exams.
B:All the447 students who come from the University of East London.
C:About300 students who took part in the study.
D:About10 percent of the students who studied different subjects.I am an American student. My name is Vicky King. I have a big family. I have two brothers. They and I are in the same school. My grandma and grandpa live with us. They are my father's parents.
My father is from England, but my mother's hometown is at the foot of the Great Wall of China. My brothers and I were all born in New York. Because my father works in a school in New York. He teaches English.
People often ask us, "What do you like eating?" It is not easy to answer this question! Well, let me tell you.
My grandpa has been to India, so he likes Indian food. My father likes hot dogs, potato chips and hamburgers. My mother likes rice, noodles and dumplings. She often does very nice Chinese food for us. So my brothers and I like Chinese food a lot but English food a little. We don't like Indian food at all.
The question is: Her mother likes Chinese food because she  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:has been to China
B:is from China
C:can do Chinese food
D:knows her children like itGrade 9
Welcomes You to Parents'Night!
Welcome to Parents' Night at Johnson School On Tuesday night. We will share some of our work with you.
Please spend some time looking around our classroom. Here are some of the things you will find:
A class book, the Bare Facts about Bears, that we just published. Each student wrote one page about a bear of his or her choice.
Some of the bears you will about polar bears.
Maps of the countries we are studying. Through our maps, you will learn about India, Mexico, and France. You will also know about the different countries and languages of these countries.
Models of the planets in our solar system. We used small balls and colored paper to build a model of planets and the sun.
Our classroom store. Here we buy and sell things. We learn about money and also practice math skills.
The question is: When is Parents' Night?
The possible answers are:
A:On Tuesday
B:On Friday
C:On Thursday
D:On MondayHelen loved small animals. One morning while she was walking in the forest, she found two weak birds in the grass. She took them home and put them in a small cage. She looked after them with love and the birds both grew well. They thanked her with a wonderful song every morning.
But something happened one day. Helen left the door of the cage open. The larger bird flew from the cage. She thought that it would fly away, so she _ it. She was very excited to catch it. Suddenly she felt strange. She opened her hand and looked sadly at the dead bird. Her great love had killed the bird!
The other bird was moving back and forth   in the cage. Helen could feel the bird want to go out. It wanted to fly into the blue sky. At once, Helen took the bird out of the cage and let it fly away. The bird circled, twice, three times...
Helen enjoyed watching the bird flying and singing happily. Suddenly the bird flew closer and landed softly on her head. It sang the sweetest song that she had ever heard.
The easiest way to lose love is to hold too tight. The best way to keep love is to give it freedom.
The question is: Why did Helen let the second bird fly away?
The possible answers are:
A:Because Helen hated the bird.
B:Because Helen could call the bird back again.
C:Because Helen thought the bird could fly back itself.
D:Because Helen realized the bird wanted freedom very much.Korean culture is really exciting right now. The Korean Wave is sweeping Asian countries including China. Young people are going crazy about Korean TV dramas, Korean pop songs, taekwondo and the Korean language.
The Korean Wave started a few years ago with the TV series "Winter Sonata". This love story is still popular. People, especially girls, like the beautiful story and handsome actors like Bae Yong Jun  .
In the music world, Korean girls are making themselves heard in China. You can often find big Korean names like Baby Vox, S. E. S and Finkle at the top of the Chinese music charts  .
The Korean Wave has also made young people want to try the clothes and hairstyles of pop stars, too. Not only that. Now some girls in China are having plastic surgery   to change the way they look. People say some beautiful Korean stars have had plastic surgery. These stars don't make plastic surgery look shameful  .
Are all the faces of beautiful Korean girls not real? Find out for yourself when you next visit South Korea.
The question is: When did the Korean Wave start? It started with    _
The possible answers are:
A:the Korean pop songs
B:Taekwondo
C:the TV series "Winter Sonata"
D:the Korean foodLots of people get money from ATMs before going shopping. If you don't know how to use an ATM, read the following instructions  carefully.
*Put your card into the machine .
*Look at the screen. Input  your _ into the machine.
*Input how much money you want on the screen of the machine. Then press OK.
*Get the money from the machine. If you want, you can also get a receipt .
*Take back your card.
Remember these rules:
*Don't write your password on your card.
*Don't let other people know your password.
*If you lose your card, tell the bank at once.
The question is: If you want, you can get   _   from the ATM.
The possible answers are:
A:a password
B:a receipt
C:a card
D:a presentMy name is Becky Smith. I'm eleven years old. I have one brother. His name's Jason and he's fourteen. I don't have any sister. We live with grandma in a small house in Chesterfield, in the north of England. My friends and I often go to the cinema on Saturday. Do you like games? I like football. My favourite team is Manchester Unite . I sometimes play football with my brother. I have seven pets: two birds and five goldfish. I want a dog and a cat, but my parents don't like them.
Do you want to be my penfriend? Please write to me soon.
The question is: There are  _  people in Becky's family.
The possible answers are:
A:three
B:four
C:five
D:six"It is never too late and you are never too old to start something new!" says Englishtown student Ellen Rema. Ellen began to learn English at the age of fifty, and in just a few years, she has made great progress!
Ellen chose to study on Englishtown because no evening classes were offered in the German countryside where she lives. On Englishtown, she has conversation classes online and speaks with native English-speaking teachers.
"Englishtown is a wonderful place for study," she says. Ellen began with the first level   of Englishtown and quickly progressed. "I spent hours and hours studying," she said. "Maybe I wanted too much in a short time. I finished all my courses after 2 years, but I still had grammar difficulties."
Instead of giving up, she chose to continue. After another two years on Englishtown, she's still studying in the online classroom. "Studying online is never boring, but you need practice, practice, practice!"
Ellen says studying English isn't all about hard work. It should also be fun. "I really like the online conversation classrooms," she says. "I have learned so much about other cultures and traditions."
Ellen has been able to put her English to use by visiting England five times! "I'm very thankful to Englishtown because my life has improved because of it," Ellen says.
The question is: What's the main idea of this passage?
The possible answers are:
A:You are never too old to learn something new.
B:Englishtown is a good place to visit.
C:The courses are good on Englishtown.
D:Studying English is not boring at all.My name is Peter. I study in Cambell Middle School. It has a very large building. There are big playgrounds on two sides and a beautiful garden in front.
In the building, there is the headmaster's room, the teacher's rooms and thirty-four classrooms. We also have two labs  and a library in the building. Our library is on the ground floor. It has books almost  on all subjects. It opens after school from Monday to Friday.
Our school has uniforms . Boys wear white shirts and blue trousers. Girls wear white blouses and blue skirts. We all wear black shoes and white socks.
We study English, Maths, History, Biology, Music and PE at school. My favourite subject is Biology. I think it is fun. Our teachers are nice to us. They check  our homework and help us when we need. I love my school and my teachers.
The question is: How often does the library open?
The possible answers are:
A:The library opens two times a week.
B:The library opens three times a week.
C:The library opens four times a week.
D:The library opens five times a week.People use their mouths for many things. They eat, talk, shout and sing. They smile and they kiss. In the English language, the word "mouth" has many meanings. But some of them are not so nice.
For example, if you say bad things about a person, the person might protest  and say "Do not bad mouth me."
Sometimes, people say something to a friend or family member that they later regret because it hurts that person's feelings. Or they tell the person something they were not supposed to tell. The speaker might say, "I really put my foot in my mouth this time." In other words, he might feel sad for saying the wrong thing.
Sometimes when one person is speaking, he says the same thing that his friend was going to say. When this happens, the friend might say, "You took the words right out of my mouth!"
Some people have lots of money because they were born in a very rich family. There is an expression for this, too. You might say such a person "was born with a silver spoon in his mouth."
This rich person is the opposite of a person who lives "from hand to mouth." This person is very poor and only has enough money for the most important things in life, like food.
,.
The question is: The passage mainly tells us   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:people use their mouths to eat, talk, shout and sing
B:everyone in England has the same mouth
C:rich persons' mouths are quite different from the poor persons'
D:the word "mouth" has many different meanings in the English languageJack and James were good friends .One day,they were walking through the desert .During the journey they had a big fight,and Jack hit james in the face.James felt hurt,but he didn't say anything.Instead( ),he wrote in the sand:Today my best friend hit me in the face.
They kept on walking until they found an oasis .They decided to get some water there .Suddenly James had trouble in the water,he fell into the mire  and was in danger.Jack saved him at once.When he felt Ok,he wrote on a stone:Today my best friend saved my life. "After I hurt you ,you wrote in the sand, and now you wrote on the stone.Why?"asked Jack."When someone hurts us,we should write it down in the sand so that the wind of forgiveness   can blow it away.But when someone does anything good for us,we must write it down on the stone,so no wind can blow it away." Since then ,the two friends have never fought with each other again.
Hatred  can bring you nothing but unhappiness .If you don't forgive others,you are making trouble for yourself.Keep a peaceful heart all the time and remember to be always thankful to those who ahve helped you!
The question is: What's the matter with James in the oasis?
The possible answers are:
A:He wanted to make his friend have trouble ,too.
B:He wanted some water and fell into the mire.
C:He wanwed to know if his friend would save him when he was in trouble.
D:He wanted to have fun in the oasis.There is a park near my home. People like to go to this park after work. Some of them go to the park every day. Look! That is Mr. King. He is sitting on a chair and watching the children. Some children are playing a game. Some boys are playing soccer. Lucy and Lily are standing under a tree. They are talking. There is a small river in the park. We can see some boats on the water. Some children are sitting in the boats with their fathers and mothers. Listen! A girl is singing. This is really a nice park. I come here after school every day.
The question is: _   like to go to the park.
The possible answers are:
A:Children
B:Fathers and mothers.
C:Lucy and Lily
D:PeopleMy sister Sharon and I look very _ . She's tall, and I'm short. She has short curly dark (,) hair, and I have long straight blond hair. We both have dark eyes, but Sharon wears glasses, and I don't. And she always wears large earrings  . I don't wear earring.
Sharon and I do many things together  . We watch movies together, and we often go shopping. We play tennis together every Saturday. Often, people don't know that Sharon and I are sisters, because we look so different. But we are also good friends.
The question is: Which is the best title   for this reading?
The possible answers are:
A:Our hobbies
B:What my sister looks like.
C:Two sisters
D:Good FiendsEnglish A
Because it's never too late to start learning English Course structure and goals
A basic course that improves different English skills. Lessons focus on pronunciation of words and sounds, listening, practicing casual English, reading and combining all of these skills together.
We learn through introducing ourselves to friends and family, discussing everyday activities, food, restaurants, shopping and places.
This course is for People who have learned very little English in the past.
Duration 
Class meets once a week over an 8-month period.
Moreover, students can take advantage of our extra lessons, for an additional hour per week.
At the end of the course the student will
* Understand sentences and phrases dealing with topics such as: personal and family information, shopping, geography, etc.
* Read short and simple sentences, find information in everyday texts, such as: advertising, menus, etc.
* Have short conversations.
* Communicate through simple everyday tasks.
* Describe their personal background, living conditions and other information about their surroundings.
* Write short and simple notes, messages and personal letters.
The question is: After finishing this course, you can  _
The possible answers are:
A:know much about English countries
B:understand long and difficult English texts
C:talk about everything with foreigners freely
D:communicate with others in short conversations.Chris is not a traditional explorer --he usually works in an office for a large organization. However, Chris' job can be just as exciting and dangerous as being an explorer.
Chris works for MSF, an organization also known as Doctors Without Border . Since 1971, MFS has sent trained doctors all over the world to help people who have suffered from disasters, such as wars and illnesses. Chris is a doctor from France who has traveled to many places to organize programs that help people.
At the moment, over 27,000 trained doctors have taken part in MSF projects. The organization received the Nobel Peace Prize in 1999. All kinds of doctors can volunteer for MSF. They need to be ready to go almost anywhere in the world and, of course, they should face difficulties. Most of MSF's work is in Africa. When MSF chooses a doctor for a task, they have to go for at least six months. When doctors have completed a few tasks, they might be sent on an emergency  task following a disaster, such as an earthquake.
But why would doctors leave a comfortable life and a good pay to join MSF? According to Chris, the experience they have is a great help in their life. What's more, just like the explorers of the past, they need to keep an open mind and learn to get on well with the people they meet. One thing that they can say at the end of any task is that they have made a real difference to people's lives.
The question is: Why would doctors like to join MSF?
The possible answers are:
A:Because they can get a good pay.
B:Because they can have a comfortable life.
C:Because they can help others and get experience.
D:Because they can travel abroad with their families.Dear Kate,
You are in New York, but I am in Beijing now. China is a great country  and Beijing is a big city in China. It's very beautiful. I like it very much. There are twenty-four girls and nineteen boys in our class. One of the boys is from England. His name is Bob. He likes swimming. Sue and I come from America.
Sue likes playing the piano, but I like playing volleyball. I have many Chinese friends here now. They teach me Chinese and I teach them English. Chinese is not easy, but I like it.
Yours
Nick
The question is: The e-mail is from  _   to  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:Kate; Nick
B:Bob; Nick
C:Nick; Kate
D:Sue; BobIt's sometimes reported that strange objects have been seen high up in the sky. These unidentified  flying objects - UFOs have made a lot of people interested. Some of the reports about them are difficult to believe.Some have been explained in scientific ways, others have never been explained.
It is not easy to decide whether a report is true or not. One report of UFOs came from a British plane on its way from New York to London in 1954. The British plane was flying over an island at 19,000 feet when the captain noticed that something was on their left and a little lower than their plane. It's about five miles away.
"It was not one object but several," the captain said. "We saw one large and six smaller objects. I sent a radio to report about them and I received the answer that the other planes were coming out to meet us. Before the planes arrived, the smaller objects entered the big objects. The big object then became smaller and moved away fast."
The question is: Some  _   have been explained in scientific ways.
The possible answers are:
A:people
B:strange objects
C:of the reports about UFOs
D:planesDear David,
How are you? I'm fine. I'm in London , at a school of English. I'm in Class Seven. It has eight students. They are from different countries ----Spain, Japan , Argentina, Switzerland and Thailand. Our teacher's name is Henry Briscall. He's very nice. He's a good teacher.
I live  with an English family, Mr. and Mrs. Brown. They have two sons and a daughter. Thomas is fourteen, Catherine is twelve, and Andrew is seven. They are all very friendly to me, and we are good friends.
London is very big and very interesting. The weather   is good and the parks are nice! Hyde Park, Green Park and St. James' Park are all in the city center .
English food is OK, but the coffee is not good!
Are you all right at home in Shanghai?  Is everything OK? Write to me.
Love,
Paul
The question is: The letter is NOT about   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:the writer's classmates
B:the writer's teacher
C:the writer's dinner
D:LondonOne day ,a woman got on a bus with a child in her arms. The woman sat down next to _ The old woman took a look at the child and said in a low voice to her husband," Look at the child. He's so ugly ."
The woman heard what the old woman said and began to cry. She cried and cried and no one could stop her.
When the bus came to a stop, a young man got on the bus with some bananas and sat at the back of the bus. He saw the woman crying, so he went over and said to her," Oh, come, please don't cry any more. You look very ugly when you are crying."
The woman didn't stop crying. Instead, she cried even harder. The young man didn't know what he could do. Suddenly he noticed the bananas in his hand and had a good idea. So he said again to the woman, "Well, if you stop crying, I will give your monkey some bananas to eat."
The question is: The woman began to cry on the bus because  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:she felt very sad
B:she took the wrong bus
C:she didn't get off at the right stop
D:she lost her purseThe Chang'e-3, named after a Chinese goddess, is China's first spacecraft to make a soft landing on the moon. It includes a lander and a moon rover  called Yutu. The Chang'e-3 spacecraft is the second phase  China's lunar rogramme, which includes orbiting, landing and returning to Earth. It follows the success of the Chang'e-1 and Chang'e-2 spacecraft in 2007 and 2010. The launch of Chang'e-3 was successful.
The Chang'e-3 is one of the most difficult tasks in China's space programme, the news says. The news adds that exploring the universe  and seeking peaceful use of space are dreams of Chinese for thousands of years.
With a lander and the moon rover Yutu, Chang'e-3 soft-landed  on the moon at 9:11 p.m. Saturday. Yutu later separated  from the lander and ran to the moon surface earlier Sunday.
China has chosen the name Yutu for its first moon rover, after a worldwide online vote  attracted people to come up with names.
In Chinese folk tale, Yutu is the white pet rabbit of Chang'e, the moon goddess. Chang'e took her pet and flew towards the moon. She became a goddess and has lived there with the white animal ever since.
The question is: Which of the following is Not true?
The possible answers are:
A:Chang'e-2 was set up in 2010.
B:Yutu isn't the first rover of China.
C:Many people voted for Yutu online.
D:Yutu separated after Chang'e-3 landed on the moon.Tom is five years old . He has no brothers or sisters . He is a lovely boy . He doesn't go to school because he is too young . He likes to play with other children in the small park every day .
The park is near his building . In the park there are interesting things to see and play with .
Tom's parents love him very much . They often buy him nice things . This time , his mother buys some new clothes for him . The clothes are expensive and nice . Tom is very happy to wear them .
"Mum , can I go out and play with my friends ? I want them to see my new clothes ," asks Tom . "All right , but please keep your clothes clean ," says Mum. "I am going to do some cooking . We will have supper after your father comes back ." At about six , his father comes back from work . And Tom goes home for supper.
"Why do you have much earth   on your clothes ?" asks his mother .
"Because I have some falls , " answers Tom . "You should not make the nice clothes dirty " Mother says .
" I'm sorry , Mum " says Tom , "But I have no time to take off my clothes when I fall ."
The question is: How do you know Tom's parents love  him very much ?
The possible answers are:
A:They let him play with other small children .
B:They let watch TV all day
C:They often buys some nice things for him .
D:Tom doesn't go to school .Twenty years ago almost all nurses were women, and almost all pilots were men. Today women fly planes, and men care for patients. The jobs are the same, but not both men and women are working as nurses and pilots.
There are many other examples of changing job roles for men and women. Forty years ago there were no women news reporters on television.
Now women report the news, the weather, and even men's sports. Women are reporting games and interviewing athletes. Fifty years ago there were almost no women lawyers or doctors, but today over half of all medical students are women.
Today men teach very young children. Men work as librarians and secretaries. Some men stay at home to take care of the house and children. They are called "househusbands" or "stay-at-home dads". However, many women still work as homemakers.
Jobs are changing. Today men and women are working in every field.
The question is: Which one of the following is true about men and women today?
The possible answers are:
A:Men like their jobs, but women don't.
B:Women don't like sports, but men do.
C:There are no women pilots.
D:Both men and women take care of children.This year I am very busy doing my Christmas shopping. I really never find what I want, and many things my daughter wants are not in shops or their price is too high. You know children don't think about the price much. So I have to buy some online  . I never think about online shopping before now. I have a few friends and they do online present shopping every year. So I ask them for help. First, they tell me to start shopping early. And then you need to be careful   with the delivery charge   because they can be very different. My friends also tell me that online shopping is easy, but I should get into good _ . And last but important, they tell me that if I feel good about a site, there may be a good reason. So they say I need find the reason before I buy things on it.
The question is: What's the best title   for the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:My Daughter.
B:Online Shopping.
C:My Friends.
D:Great Christmas.Some friends are playing hide-and-seek   at Mr. Green' home. They play in Mike's room. It's time for Lily to find her friends. Lily first finds Sally.Sally is behind the door. Then, Lily sees Bob. Bob is under the table. Mike is under the table, too. Now it's time to find David and John. David's hat is on the sofa. Is David under the sofa? No, he isn't.John's schoolbag is on the chair, but he isn't there."Where are they?"Lily thinks.Shh! Don't let her know. They are under the bed!
The question is: Where is Bob?
The possible answers are:
A:Behind the door.
B:Under the bed.
C:On the sofa
D:Under the tableDo you still remember the disaster several years ago? In Indonesia   thousands of people were killed by the tsunami  that washed people out to sea and pulled children out of their parents' arms. "The weather was fine with no clouds .There was no warning and suddenly the sea water just hit the city. In some parts the water was as high as two meters." a man in the city said. "Sadli, an official at the hospital, said many of the dead in the city were children under the age of ten." "Maybe the children were being carried by their hold but they fell over in the water and couldn't hold on to their children .All the dead children drawed." said Sadli. Officials said hundreds of houses had been swept away the force   of five -meter -high waves across Aceh, which lies on the northern tip  of Sumatra Island . "Tens of people saw the rushing water and didn't run to high ground .Instead, they kept watching it .Several of my workmates are missing."  Lelana said by telephone.
The question is: According to the passage,   _  were missing in the tsunami.
The possible answers are:
A:some officials
B:some of Sadli's friends
C:some children under the age of ten
D:some of Lelana's workmatesIn London, everyone is busy in the early morning. Some are running to the stations, buses and cars. Some are stopping only to drink a cup of coffee. They usually have no time for breakfast. At about eight thirty, one after another, the shops open for business .Taxis and buses are running in the streets. People work busily all day.
At six o'clock in the evening, people go home quickly from work. Most of the shops closed , but some  are still open. Many people work at night in a big city. In newspaper offices, reporters work hard. Doctors and nurses work in the hospital. Taxis and buses take people around the city all night. Some people are going to the movies. Some people are going to watch  the plays. You can hear people talking, laughing and singing. You can listen to music, too. Every night, there are many people on the sidewalks . Some stop to look at shop windows, but they never buy clothes. Others are waiting for buses and taxis.
Day and night you can find people working and playing in London. A big city never sleeps.
The question is: In this passage, people can take the buses and taxis to another place   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:only in the day
B:in the evening
C:day and night
D:on weekdaysEvery day, it is easy to see advertisements all around us. Look around. How many different advertisements can you see?
Often products show the names of the companies that made them. This is a popular form of advertising. The special picture or symbol, for example, _ , appears on many different products. When you see a logo, it is hard to forget the product or the company.
Many people buy a product because it is made by a certain company. In fact, some people only buy the products of the famous companies. They think it proves that they are fashionable and have a good taste.
It is common to find or hear advertisements on TV or on the radio. Most advertisements are very short for people to remember. Nike, for example, has a simple slogan used all around the world:"Just do it." Advertisements often use funny situations as well. It is easy to remember an interesting ad.
All advertisements are designed to make people buy the products. An advertisement for a soft drink, for example, might show a group of fashionable young people who are having fun. The young people are all drinking the soft drink. Advertisers are saying to you, "Why don't you buy it like these people? You can be young, modern and fashionable,too."
You might think that advertisements do not affect you, but the next time you buy a soft drink, ask yourself: Why am I buying this special product?
The question is: Why do some people only buy the products of the famous companies?
The possible answers are:
A:Because they think that they are fashionable and have a good taste.
B:Because they think the products are good in quality.
C:Because they like the products and names of the companies.
D:Because they think some famous people also buy the products.Hello, I'm Frank.  I'm twenty-four years old. I live in Shanghai now. There are many tall buildings, big houses and busy streets in this city. My flat  is on the eighth floor of a ten-floor building. There is a nice park. In the morning, there are many people doing exercise in it. My flat is small. It has no kitchen. There is only one bedroom. It looks nice and tidy. My favorite place is the balcony . I often sit on the balcony to have a rest .
I work in a restaurant on a busy street. It is a good place to meet friends and taste nice food. I'm always busy cooking food and making coffee for the customers . When I'm free, I'll help the waiters clean the chairs and tables. Sometimes I feel a little tired, but I'm happy here.
The question is: The flat is on the   _   floor.
The possible answers are:
A:seventh
B:eighth
C:ninth
D:tenthMillions of British people have _ the traditional "thank you" and took the place of it with the less formal "cheers", according to a survey.
Although the common person will say "thank you" nearly 5,000 times a year, one in three are more likely to add a "cheers" or "ta" where it's needed to show they are fashionable.
One in twenty now say "nice one" instead, while the younger are more likely to offer a "cool" than a "thank you". "Merci", "fab" and even "gracias" were also listed as common phrases to use, as "much appreciated ".
One in twenty who took part in the survey of 2,000 people by the Food Network UK for Thank You Day, which is marked on November 24, 2011, said a formal "thank you" was now not often needed in everyday conversation. More than one in ten adults said they regularly won't say thank you if they are in a bad mood. Most people stated that saying thank you was something that their parents trained them. A huge 70 percent of those questioned will say thank you to a person's face without even meaning it, while one fifth avoid saying it when they know they should.
It seems our friends and family get the stress of our bad manners. Half of them admit   they're not good at thanking those closest to them. Many of them explain that they don't say thank you because their family "already know I'm grateful".
When spoken words won't do, it falls to a nice text to do the job for most people.
One third will still send a handwritten thank-you note---but 45 percent admit it's been more than six months since they tried to send one.
A quarter of British people say "thank you" with food, with 23 percent cooking a meal to show their appreciation to someone. Another 15 percent bake a cake.
It follows that 85 percent of people will be angry because of not getting the gratitude  they feel they should receive.
The question is: Most of the people who took part in the survey say that they say "thank you"   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:when they are in good mood
B:completely out of habit
C:when they feel truly grateful
D:purely out of politenessToday Han Mei's classmates are having an art lesson in the park. Now they are playing near the lake. The boy in black is flying a kite. He is Li Lei. The girl in red is reading a book. Who is she? Ha, she's just Han Mei. Lucy and Lily are twins. They look the same and they are dancing under a big tree. There is a boat on the lake. Mrs. Green and Mrs. Brown are in the boat. They are their teachers. And now the children are drawing pictures on the grass near the lake. The teachers are teaching how to draw pictures. But what is Joe doing? Oh, he is looking for his pencil case.
The question is: What is Han Mei doing?
The possible answers are:
A:She is drawing a picture.
B:She is flying a kite.
C:She is dancing with the twins.
D:She is reading a book.On March 3, 1887, the lives of two amazing women were changed forever when Anne Sullivan, a poor university graduate, arrived at the home of the wealthy Keller family to teach their six-year-old daughter Helen. It was a difficult job as Helen was unable to see, hear or speak because of illness.
Anne had been suggested to the Kellers by her university professor, a close friend of Mr. Keller. Before she arrived, Anne expected her new pupil to be a quiet, weak child. But Helen was nothing like that. When Anne first walked through the Kellers' door, the energetic Helen nearly knocked her over in her hurry to feel Anne's face, clothing and bag.
Helen was used to visitors bringing her sweets, and angrily tried to force open Anne's case to take her candy. But Anne calmed her down by allowing Helen to play with her watch. So began one of the most successful student-teacher relationships in history.
Anne Sullivan was only twenty years old when she began teaching Helen. She had to not only teach the child all the usual school subjects, but also control Helen's sometimes wild behaviour. Her well-meaning parents allowed Helen to do as she liked at home. Realizing that such an environment was unsuitable for learning, Anne requested that she and Helen live in a small house nearby.
As soon as Helen began learning, it became clear that she was especially intelligent. She quickly learned to read and write, and by the age of ten she could also speak.
In 1900, Helen started studying at Radcliffe University, and graduated first in her class in 1904. She was the very first blind and deaf person to get a university degree. How did she do it? Anne Sullivan read all of Helen's books and then signed the information into her hand. Anne remained at Helen's side until her death in 1936. Helen became a world-famous writer, and fought for disabled people's rights until her death on Jun 1, 1968.
The question is: Which of the following is NOT true about Helen's university studies?
The possible answers are:
A:She was greatly helped by Anne.
B:She was the best student in her class.
C:She was able to graduate in three years.
D:She was the first deaf and blind university graduate.There is an old saying in English, "Laughter is the best medicine". Until recently, few people took the saying very seriously. Now however, doctors have begun to study laughter and the effects   it has on the human body. They have found evidence that laughter really can improve people's health.
Tests were carried out to study the effects of laughter on the body. People watched funny films while doctors checked their heart rate, blood pressure, breathing and muscles. It was found that laughter has similar effects to physical exercise. It increases blood pressure, the heart rate and the rate of breathing. It also works several groups of muscles in the face, the stomach and even the feet. If laughter exercises the body, it must be helpful.
Other tests have shown that laughter appears to make the effect of pain on the body less. In one experiment doctors produced pain in groups of students who listened to different radio programs. The group which could bear the pain for the longest time was the group which listened to a funny program. The reason why laughter can make pain less seems to be that it helps to produce endorphins   in the brain. These are natural chemicals which make both stress and pain less.
There is also some evidence to suggest that laughter helps the body's immune system that is the system which fights infection  . In an experiment, one group of students watched a funny video while another group served as the control group -- in other words, a group with which to compare the first group. Doctors checked the blood of the students in both groups and found that the people in the group that watched the video had an increase in the activity of their white blood cells that is the cells which fight infection.
As a result of these discoveries, some doctors and psychiatrists   in the United States now hold laughter clinics, in which they try to improve their patients' condition by encouraging them to laugh. They have found that even if their patients do not really feel like laughing, making them smile is enough to produce good effects similar to those caused by laughter.
The question is: Smiling can produce   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:about the same effects as laughter
B:more effects than laughter
C:fewer effects on the human body
D:no effects on the human bodyOne day I got in a taxi, and we left for the airport. We were driving in the right lane   when, suddenly, a black car jumped out of a parking space right in front of us. My taxi driver stopped his car at once. The tire   made a very loud noise, and at the very last moment our car stopped just one inch from the black of the other car.
I was _ . But then I couldn't believe what happened next. The driver of the other car, the guy who almost caused a big accident, turned his head and started yelling  at us. I couldn't believe it! But my taxi driver just smiled at the guy. So I asked, "Why did you just do that? This guy almost sent us to hospital. "
This is when my taxi driver taught me what I now call "The Law of the Rubbish Truck   . " He explained that many people are like rubbish trucks. They run around full of rubbish, full of anger and full of bad feelings. As their rubbish piles up, they look for a place to throw it away and sometimes they'll throw it at you. Don't take it personally. Just smile, wish them well, and move on. Don't take their rubbish and spread it to other people at work, at home or on the streets.
Successful people never let rubbish trucks change their moods  . Life is too short to wake up in the morning with regrets, so love those who love you and pray  for those who don't.
The question is: From the passage, we can tell that the taxi driver is   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:silly and dishonest
B:wise and friendly
C:helpful but nervous
D:modest but impatientToday is Linda's mother's birthday. It is also Teachers' Day. Linda's mother is a math teacher. So today is her birthday and also her festival. Linda and her brothers buy presents   for their mother. Linda buys a good skirt for Mother. Her two brothers buy Mother a big birthday cake. Linda's father also has a present. He prepares   a ring for his _ . Linda's mother is very happy. The family love her so much. It is a great birthday for her.
The question is: What is Linda's present?
The possible answers are:
A:A big cake
B:A ring.
C:A skirt.
D:We don't know.At the beginning of the world,a man named Ekon lived in Luzon.He liked to build things.He thought it would be a very good idea to build a bridge to the sky.
As he wanted the bridge to be strong and last a long time,he built it of stone.He worked for years and years to build the bridge.His wife and children,nephews and nieces,uncles and aunts,all helped him.Though they worked very hard,the sky always seemed to be a long distance  away.
When Ekon became an old man,his wife and children told him that he would never finish it.
"If I can't finish it." he said."my children's children will do so."
But just before he died,his wife and children told him that they could not find any more stones.
So Ekon became very angry and disappointed.Though he was very old and weak,he pulled down the bridge.It came tumbling  with a great roar .
The stones made great heaps  all over the country.These great heaps of stones are what we now call mountains.Ekon was _ under one of them himself.
The question is: Who had the idea to build a bridge to the sky?
The possible answers are:
A:Ekon.
B:A man.
C:Ekon's wife and children.
D:We don't know.Sam,
Thank you for asking me to play soccer with you. But I'm afraid I can't. I have a piano lesson on Tuesday. Maybe another time.
Nancy
Sandy,
Thank you very much for inviting me to your birthday party on Friday. I'd love to come, but I have to go to New York that day. It's very kind of you. I hope you have a happy birthday party.
Nancy
Lucy,
Thanks for your invitation. I'd love to go to your house for dinner on Thursday. But I have to get my things ready for travelling. How about coming to my house with Lily? My mother cooks fish very well. I think you'll like it. I hope to see you before I'm leaving.
Nancy
Rose,
Would you like to come to my house for dinner tonight? Many of our good friends will come.
Nancy
The question is: _   will have a birthday party.
The possible answers are:
A:Sam
B:Sandy
C:Lucy
D:RoseA young man was getting ready for graduation. He always wanted a beautiful sports car, and he told his father this. On the morning of his graduation, his father called him into his study. His father told him how proud he was to have such a fine son, and told him how much he loved him. He handed his son a beautiful box. The young man was disappointed when he opened the box and found a book. He shouted angrily,"With all your money you give me a book?"and rushed out of the house.
Many years passed and the young man was very successful in business. He had a beautiful home and a wonderful family, but he realized his father was very old and thought he should go to see him. Before he made a visit, he got a call telling him his father had passed away .He was also told his father had given all his _ to him. When he arrived at his father's house, sadness filled his heart.
He began to see his father's important papers and saw the still new book. With tears, he opened the book and began to turn the pages. As he read the words, a car key dropped from an envelope in the book. It was the key to a sports car.
The question is: On the morning of his graduation,his father give him a  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:box
B:paper
C:key
D:carTelevision is good. You'd like to watch it all day and all night. But too much TV is a very bad thing. Scientists found that kids who watch too much TV may have more trouble learning to read. They can't focus on their work.
Kids learn language skills best by reading, talking and playing with others. If they spend too much time watching TV, they'll have less time for those things. Watching too much TV is bad for people's health. People don't move much while watching TV. What's more, they may eat a lot of food while watching. This can make them fat. We call these people couch potatoes.
Fighting on TV is a big problem for kids. Yong people are good at following. Scientists have found that those who watch a lot of fighting shows are more likely to fight.
The question is: Couch potatoes are people who watch too much TV and become  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:thin
B:fit
C:fat
D:strongLast summer, my family and I went on a trip to the China Dinosaur Park in Changzhou by bus. The one-hour trip seemed very long. We arrived at the park at about 9 a.m.
There were many fun places for us to choose from. We first went to the Crazy Firedrake Drill. When I looked at the giant yellow machine, I wasn't afraid at all, But when I was really on it, I felt a little nervous. First, the machine took us to the highest point. We all screamed  "Ah". 1 dared not look down. Then it turned around fast and moved very quickly at the same time. The wind was so strong that I couldn't open my eyes. I felt as if I would fall down. 1 couldn't stop screaming through the whole ride. It only moved for a few minutes, but it seemed to be many hours. When the game ended, I was too frightened to walk.
Later we took part in the game called "Crossing Jurassic ". After waiting for half an hour, we got into a boat. The boat went into a tall building. It was dark around us. There were many model dinosaurs on both sides. They looked like the real ones. From time to time. the model dinosaurs made some frightening shouts,  which sounded terrible. The game ended with a sudden rush from a very high place into a big pool. What an exciting experience!
The question is: What did the writer do when the machine took him to the highest point?
The possible answers are:
A:The writer cried.
B:The writer screamed.
C:The writer looked down.
D:The writer did nothing.There have always been a lot of commonly believed but false  ideas about being fat and doing exercise. Some people believe that they can't help putting an weight as they get older, while others hold that if they stop exercising, their muscles  will turn into fat. Here are some more myths.
I'll never lose weight--I come from a fat family
Wrong! While we can't change the body type we are born with, we can't blame our genes  for making us fat. There's plenty of evidence that fatness runs in families, and the main reason is that they share the same habit of eating too much and exercise too little.
I am fat because I burn calories slowly
Wrong! Fatness is not caused by a slow metabolism . In fact, although fat people consume   more energy than slim people, they also fail to realize how much they eat. Keeping a diary can help you work out your daily food intake more accurately .
Exercise is boring
Wrong! Anything will become boring if you do it again and again. The key is to develop a balanced and varied  program that's fun as well as progressive . If you enjoy a Sunday walk, take a different mute. If you do yoga , try a tai chi class.
No pain, no gain
Wrong! Exercise is not meant to hurt. Indeed, pain is your body telling you something's wrong, and continuing to exercise could lead to serious injury . You may experience mild discomfort as you begin to exercise regularly, but this is your body _ the positive changes in your lifestyle and the aches should disappear quickly. If they don't, rest and ask for medical advice.
The question is: What is the purpose of the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:To show the importance of keeping fit.
B:To clarify  some misconceptions  about fatness and exercise.
C:To confirm what has long been believed about keeping fit.
D:To explain some medical facts about being fat and doing exercise.Not everyone has a chance to be a detective , but I got one when I was 13 years old. It happened in 1994.
One afternoon, I was walking down the street when I saw my father's new car. I expected  to see my father in the driver's seat. But to my surprise, I saw a young woman driving instead, "She has stolen my father's car," I thought. So I quickly stopped a taxi and got in. I said to the driver, "Follow that new car in front," I told him why.
The taxi driver had a car phone, so I asked him to call the police. Soon we heard the sound of a police car. The police told the woman to stop the car using a loudspeaker. The taxi came to a stop, too. I got out right then and said to the woman, "This is not your car. It's my father's car."
The woman smiled and said, "Oh. You're Mr. Johnson's son, right? I've seen your photo in your father's office."
Before I could say one word, the woman explained that she was my father's new assistant . My father had asked her to take his computer to the shop to have it repaired. He lent her his car. After hearing this, I called my father and he told us what the woman said was right. The police and the taxi driver laughed. I felt very sorry. It was both the first time and the last time I worked as a detective.
The question is: How did the writer manage to get his father's car to stop?
The possible answers are:
A:He had his father call the young woman.
B:He asked the taxi driver to stop his father's car.
C:He got the help of the police.
D:He called the young woman.Do you like Sun Wukong? He is one of the most popular novel  characters in Chinese history. Both young children and adults love him so much. In our mind, he is a great hero in the Chinese novel Journey to the West(<<>> ).
In the novel, Sun Wukong, Zhu Bajie and Sha Seng beat demons  and protect Tang Seng when they travel to the Western Paradise . Sun Wukong was born from a stone. He can change himself into a tree, a bird, or and animal. With one somersault , he can travel 108,000li.
Sun Wukong is clever, brave and always makes fun magic tricks. Chinese people love him very much.
Sun Wukong is also popular in other countries. Many western children love him and learn kung fu because of him. To them, he is a super hero, just like Superman and Spiderman.
The question is: Where was Sun Wukong born?
The possible answers are:
A:From a tree
B:From a book.
C:From the Western Paradise.
D:From a stone.High in the mountains, and deep in the forest, lives a lake with many plants and animals in and around her. The plants and animals have enough food and clean water to keep them healthy. The wind carries
air, and the rain comes down clear and clean.
But recently, Lucy Lake and her friends haven't been feeling very well. All the plants and animals get together to talk about the problem. "Why are we sick?" "What can we do?" ask all of them. No one has any answers.
Just then two hikers appear. The animals tell them about their problems. "Can you help us?" they ask. "Yes," one hiker says. "I think it's because of acid rain."
"Acid rain comes from chemicals  in the air. The pollution comes from factories, cars and trucks."
"So, although I don't want to, I help the pollution travel through the air!" says the wind. "And I carry it to the land!" cries the rain.
"If you can help us think of some solutions , we will send a message to tell people how to clean up our environment," one hiker says.
With the help of the plants and animals, the two hikers make a list of ideas for saving Lucy Lake and her friends.
Time passes, and the forest and lake begin to feel a little better.
The next time the hikers climb up the mountains to Lucy Lake, they smile at what they find. "We're glad things have started to change," one hiker says. "And we're glad
helped us make a difference," says the other.
The question is: _    have (has) nothing to do with the cause of acid rain.
The possible answers are:
A:The rain
B:Human beings
C:The wind
D:The plants and animalsPeople have always wanted to know what our future will look like. Go on reading this text, and you will know what will happen in the next fifty years.
How can we know what the future will look like? To be able to understand the future, you have to know the past, what has taken us to where we are today and what has changed along the way? The world has changed a lot in the last 150 years, but people are driven by the same basic needs as they were 150 years ago. Will this change in the next 150 years? No.
What inventions have really made a different in the last 150 years? In the past years, the inventions that have changed most people's everyday life are telephone, radio, television, computer, the car and the internet. Then we of course have a lot of inventions that have made life easier, like new medicine, faster cars, trains, etc. In general, people have been working hard in the last 150 years to make inventions that will make the world a better place. Since there is still much to do in the area, this will be important for at least the next 150 years.
Why do we need to guess the future? Guessing the future is important for two reasons: First, we need to start to think about what kind of future we would like for ourselves and our children. And then we need to know what decisions we need to make today that will give us the best future.
The question is: Our past inventions have made  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:our daily life more stressful
B:it easy for us to live
C:our work easily done
D:us work less timeIt is early in the morning, about seven o'clock. Peter is on the bus. He's going to school. There are many people on the bus and it is a bit hot. Peter is sitting by a window with a book in his hands. The bus driver is driving slowly . Most people on the bus are using their mobile phones. A girl in a red sweater is standing near Peter. She looks very happy. She is reading some funny things on her mobile phone. A fat boy behind him is busy playing games on  his mobile phone. A tall man is Jack. He is listening to music on the mobile phone. He's about thirty years old. They are all busy and happy.
The question is: Which of the following is TRUE according to the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:Peter always takes his mobile phone to school.
B:Many people don't like using mobile phones.
C:The girl next to Peter is wearing a red sweater.
D:The tall man is Peter's teacher and he's about 30.Thanksgiving Day is an American national holiday. It usually lasts four days. Americans celebrate it on the fourth Thursday of November each year. It's a time for people to give thanks to God, and it's also a time for family members to get together.
Thanksgiving Day is like a warm family meeting. On the Eve of Thanksgiving, members of the family will drive and even fly home. The next day, they sit around the table, enjoying a traditional dinner together. Turkey  ,sweet potatoes and a pudding are always ready for the Thanksgiving dinner.
Thanksgiving Day is also a day for students to give thanks to parents and teachers who give them help and who love them very much.
The question is: Thanksgiving Day is on  _   every year.
The possible answers are:
A:the second Tuesday of November
B:the third Tuesday of November
C:the fourth Thursday of December
D:the fourth Thursday of NovemberAll living things on the earth need other living things to live.Nothing lives alone.Most animals must live in a group,and even a plant grows close together with others of the same kind.Sometimes one living thing kills another,or one eats and the other is eaten.One kind of life eats another kind of life in order to live,and together they form a food chain .All food chains begin with the sun,and all food chain become broken up if one of them disappears.
All life needs sunlight to live on.But only plants can use sunlight directly.Plants are"factories".They make food from sunlight,water and things in the soil and air.
Plants feed all other living things.Animals can only use the sun's energy after it has been changed into food by plants.Some animals feed directly on plants,and others eat smaller animals.Meat-eating animals are only eating plants indirectly.
What about human beings?We are members of any food chain.We eat rice,vegetables,fruits and so on.We also eat meat.But men often break up the food chain.They kill wild animals.They also make rivers,lakes and seas dirty.When these rivers,lakes and seas are polluted,the fish in them cannot be eaten.If men eat the fish,they will get strange diseases.
Each form of life is linked to all others.Breaking the links puts all life in danger.
The question is: The writer is trying to tell us not to  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:kill animals
B:break the links of life
C:worry about food chains
D:eat fish from polluted waterHere are two pictures. You can see a man and a boy in one picture. Who are they? The man is Mr. Brown, and the boy's name is Jack. They are father and son. They are in Jack's room.
Now let's look at the other picture. You can see a woman and a little girl in it. The woman is Jack's mother and the girl is her daughter, Ann. They're in Ann's room. You can see a photo of the family on the white wall. A clock is on the table. It's eleven. What's that on the floor? Oh, it's Ann's hat, but it looks *like a white cat.
The question is: Is Mr. Brown Ann's father?
The possible answers are:
A:Yes, he does.
B:No, he doesn't.
C:Yes, he is.
D:No, he isn't.Chris Jones recently completed a very unusual journey. Our reporter Mary Owen met him at
his home in the south of London and be told her all about the trip.
Reporter: What gave you the idea to make a trip around India on an elephant, Chris?
Chris: Well, it all started the idea two years ago when I was planning a trip to India. I visited a
photo exhibition of elephants and I realized that the only enjoyable way to make a trip around
India was on an elephant.
Reporter: What did you do next?
Chris: I flew to New Delhi and started looking for an elephant, I needed an elephant trained to
carry people. I didn't know anything about elephants, so I asked an expert  for help. He
taught me how to ride an elephant. He also helped me find an elephant.
Reporter: How long did it take to find a suitable elephant?
Chris: Not too long. I bought a female elephant called Tara for about 6, 000 dollars.
Reporter: Can you tell me about the journey?
Chris: Tara and I set off from New Delhi a week later. We were going to Sonepur in northern
India. There is a big elephant market there and I could sell Tara easily. And what a ride! Elephants
can travel at about 6 miles an hour and Sonepur is more than 1, 200 km away. It took us 64 days to
complete the journey.
Reporter: Did you have any problems on your journey?
Chris: Yes, a few. But nothing serious. On the third day, Tara hurt her foot. Btu that got better
quickly. Also, there was a lot of heavy rain during the first week and we got very wet!
Reporter: What happened when you reached Sonepur?
Chris: My plan was to sell Tara. But I was very fond of her. I couldn't take her back to Britain
and I didn't want to sell her at the market. I happened to meet some people who wanted an
elephant for their national park in southern India. I knew that Tara would be safe with them, so I
gave her to them. I was very sad to say goodbye.
The question is: Chris decided to go to Sonepur because   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:it is a very interesting place
B:he would be able to sell Tara there easily
C:elephants cannot be sold anywhere else
D:it would take only a short time to get thereLi Siyi, a student from Jinan Foreign Language School, takes up a new habit. She refuses to believe everything that she reads. "Not everything in books is true," she said.
Many other students in her school think the same thing as Li. They learned this through finding a mistake in their Chinese textbook. They learned a Tang poem, Ci Beigu Shanxia, last year. There was a picture that showed a boat in full sail on a river. "But according to the famous line from the poem, feng zheng yifan xuan, the sail shouldn't be spread ," said Zhang Jiayi, Li's classmate.
To get the right answer, the students turned to their Chinese teacher, Liu Yan. Liu and the students looked up books, searched on the Internet and made sure that the People's Education Press had really made a mistake about the picture.
The students wrote a letter to them about the mistake. "I think my students did a right thing but I never expected a reply," said Liu. "I took it as a way of letting them know the importance of spirit of questioning."
To their surprise, one month later, they got the reply from Gu Zhenbiao, the expert of Chinese textbooks in middle schools. Gu said sorry for the mistake and he also said he really thinks the students are very great.
When Liu read the letter loudly to all the students, everyone was excited. "We are very happy we have our own ideas!" said Li.
The question is: Who replied to the students?
The possible answers are:
A:Liu Yan.
B:Gu Zhenbiao.
C:Zhang Jiayi.
D:The People Education Press.In 1995,Oseola McCarty gave a present of $150 000 to the University of Southern Mississippi. She wanted to help poor students. It was a very generous thing to do. But her friends and neighbors were surprised. McCarty was a good woman. She went to church. She was always friendly and helpful. But everyone in her town knew that McCarty was not rich. In fact,she was poor.
How did a poor 86-year-old woman have so much money? Oseola McCarty was born in 1908 in Hattiesburg,Mississippi. She had to leave school when she was eight years old to help her family. She took a job washing clothes. She earned only a few dollars a day. Oseola washed the clothes by hand. Then she hung the clothes to dry. She did this for nearly 80 years. In the 1960s,she bought an automatic washer and dryer. But she gave them away. She did not think they got the clothes clean enough!At that time,many people started to buy their own washers and dryers. McCarty did not have much work, so she started to iron clothes instead.
McCarty never married or had children. Her life was very simple. She went to work and to church. She read her Bible  . She had a black-and-white television. But she did not watch it very much. It had only one channel.
McCarty saved money all her life and eventually had about $250 000. When she was 86,a lawyer helped her make a will. She left money to the church,her relatives,and the university. McCarty just wanted to help others. She did not think she was a special person. But then people found out about her present to the university. She received many honors  . She even flew in an airplane for the first time!Oseola McCarty died in 1999. She was a shy and ordinary woman who became famous.
,.
The question is: From which of the following can we tell McCarty lived a simple life?
The possible answers are:
A:She worked hard all her life.
B:She didn't think she was special.
C:She didn't have many interests.
D:She had a TV set with many channels.Scientists   are trying to make the deserts   into good land again. They want to bring water to the deserts, so people can live and grow food. They are learning a lot about the deserts. But more and more of the earth is becoming deserts all the time. Scientists may not be able to change the deserts. Scientists think that people make deserts. People are doing bad things to the earth.
Some places on the earth don't get much rain. But they still don't become deserts. This is because some green plants are growing there. Small green plants and grass are very helpful to dry  places. Plants don't let the hot sun make the earth even drier. Plants don't let the wind blow the earth away. When a little bit of rain falls, the plants hold the water. Without plants, the land can become deserts much more easily.
The question is: Which is NOT true?
The possible answers are:
A:The land never stops becoming deserts.
B:Scientists ask people to live in the deserts and grow food there.
C:People do bad things to the earth.
D:Scientists may not be able to change the deserts.Americans have used colours to create many expressions they use every day.
We say we're "in the pink" when we are in good health. It is easy to understand how this expression was born. When my face has a nice fresh, pink colour, it is a sign which shows my health is good.
The colour green is natural for trees, it is an unnatural colour for humans. When someone doesn't feel well, for example, we say he looks green. When someone is angry because he doesn't have what someone else has, we say he is "green with envy".
Some people are "green with envy" because someone else has more dollars, or "greenbacks". Dollars are called "greenback" because that's the colour of the backside of the money.
Blue is a cool colour. The traditional blue music of American blacks is the opposite of red hot music. It is slow, sad and soulful  . To be blue, of course, is to be sad.
The colour black is often used in expressions. People describe a day in which everything goes wrong as a "black day". A "black sheep" is the member of a family or group who always seems to be in trouble. If someone meets a "black cat", something unlucky might happen to him. Not all the "black" expressions have bad meanings. A company "in the red" is losing  money. If someone tells you to put someone "in black and white", they want you to write it down.
The question is: My brother is   _   of our family, everyone hates him.
The possible answers are:
A:a black horse
B:a black cat
C:a black dog
D:a black sheepAt East China University of Science and Technology, students who finish their food in the dining hall can get a coupon  when they return their tray . They can exchange coupons for small gifts, such as books, magazines, mobile phone covers and hand warmers.
"It's been a big surprise," said Liang Zhaoyun, 19, a student in the university of Shanghai. "It makes us try our best to finish the food!"
But some food in the dining hall is so poorly prepared that students are _ to finish it all. Some schools have paid some attention to it.
"The dishes in our canteen are all right, generally speaking. We've tried our best to make it tasty. But of course it's difficult to make all the students love it." said Wang.
Other universities also pay attention to the size of food. At Nanjing University, rice is divided into three different-sized bowls that students can choose from.
"I like to try different dishes at each meal. So I had to throw away a lot of food because the bowls were too big. But now the dining hall offers small sizes. It's great because I can try different dishes at half price and don't waste so much food," said Fan Peng, a student from Nanjing University.
But what if you really can't finish all your food? Some universities also provide a take-away service. If you can't finish all your food, you can get a box to take the leftovers home. Even if you feed the cat, it's not wasted.
So you see, if we call on students not to waste food, schools should also improve the service and meal quality.
The question is: In order to reduce the waste, universities do a lot of things except   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:trying to make the food as delicious as possible.
B:offering different sizes of the food.
C:exchanging trays for coupons and gifts.
D:raising the price of the food.I left home for New Zealand to start my new life on my 15th birthday. My father and mother took me to Hong Kong, where we had to say goodbye. When we were saying goodbye, I suddenly felt afraid that I had never had before.
This was the first time I had traveled so far by myself. And going to a far-away place I have never been before made me feel terrible. I held back my tears until I could no longer see my parents. As I was wiping away my tears, I realized that, from that moment on, I would have to do everything by myself.
After my arrival in _ , my teacher, Ms. Lang, showed me around my new school. A few days later, I started having classes. There were only 20 students in each class. Only math, science, social studies and English were _ , and students could choose other subjects for themselves, I chose music, Japanese and health.
In New Zealand, students are very active in class. And teachers are not as serious. They often let us play games in class. We can sit with anyone we like, and the teacher can sit at her own desk or at a student's desk. The school had an easy manner, with few rules.
Because there was no homework, we could join clubs or do anything we liked. I always went to the library after school, where I found a lot of books to help with my studies.
Studying in New Zealand is very different from studying in China. In New Zealand, students depend on the library to gain knowledge instead of waiting for what teachers ask them to do.
Time went fast. The two months flew by after I arrived. Then a week of exams began. I did not have to take these exams, because I had only been at the school for a short time. However, my math teacher encouraged me to take the math exam, as she thought I could do well.
Though there wasn't much pressure on me, I worked very hard to get ready for the exam because I know that no pain means no gain.
When the day of the exam came, I found that I finished the paper faster than the other students. One week later, my teacher told the whole class who had got the top mark: It was me! I got 94 percent.
All my classmates were very happy and said congratulations to me. It was one of the happiest days of my life.
The question is: When she was wiping away her tears, the writer realized that  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:she had already arrived in New Zealand
B:she could no longer see her parents in Hong Kong
C:she had to say goodbye to her parents
D:she would start a new life in New Zealand all by herself"Homestay is a form of study abroad program. It allows the visitor to rent a room from a local   family to better understand the local lifestyle. It also helps to improve the visitor's language ability,"said a teacher during a school meeting last term. "Students who wish to learn more about foreign cultures or to get foreign experience should join this kind of holiday. I am sure you won't be disappointed  ."
After this special meeting,I always thought about this kind of holiday. Last month,I had a chance at last to go on such a holiday with some of my schoolmates and we went to London,a place where I had wanted to go since years ago.
As we were still young,we had a group leader who planned things for us and looked after us. After we got to London,we went to stay with different families. I was lucky that my host family   was a white couple who had a daughter about my age. They treated me as a daughter of their family during my stay there. They were interested in me and I learnt a lot of things from them,too.
The holiday was filled with activities every day. After breakfast,a local teacher would come to take us in his car. Then we would have classes or go on a sightseeing trip to different places of interest like the Big Ben,the London Bridge,and the Buckingham Palace. We would go back to our own homes after the activities.
The holiday was a valuable experience for me. I enjoyed every minute of it. Yet,time really flew fast. Three weeks later,we had to leave "home" for Hong Kong.
The question is: The group leader should   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:make plans for the family
B:take care of the students
C:stay with different families
D:rent rooms to the studentsA woman is at the movies  ,and she is enjoying the movie very much. A man in the next seat begins  to look for something on the floor under him. The woman is angry  and says, "What are you doing there? What are you looking for?"
"A piece of chocolate." A man answers.
" But it's dirty now ! Take this and be quiet, please .I am listening to the film!" She gives the man a big one.
"But," the man says, "my false  tooth is in it on the floor!"
The question is: The woman is angry because the man  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:is sitting on the floor
B:isn't quiet
C:is talking
D:is quietA science book gives facts. Some science books tell us about animals. Some tell us about plants. Some tell us about outer space. This page tells us about animals.
Do you know that not only the fish but also some animals live in the sea? For example, the whale is not a fish. It can't breathe in the water. It swims in the water. But it comes up for air.
The blue whale is the world's biggest animal. There are other sea animals, too. One is called the dolphin. Dolphins need air to live. They breathe air, as whales do. Dolphins are very clever. They sometimes seem to speak to each other.
Many other animals live near the sea. Seals and otters love the sea. They swim and play there. They eat fish and sea plants. Seals and otters have thick fur. The fur keeps them warm.
The question is: Some sea animals can keep themselves warm because   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:they are big animals
B:they like playing in the sea
C:they have thick fur
D:they eat enough food every dayWhen I tidied up some old boxes under my bed, I found an old letter for me from my best friend. Her name was Minnie.
In the letter, Minnie wrote, "I am really sorry about before. Tell me if you will be my best friend again and tell me if you accept my _ . "I wrote, "YES. I will be your best friend. "
The twelve-year-old letter made me remember the time that Minnie and I spent together. We often wrote to each other during that time. One minute, Minnie and I would be playing happily together; the other moment we would get into arguments. But things would always be better again. She gave me a doll for my tenth birthday. I still keep it.
Finally things changed. We stopped writing letters to each other after she moved away, and I could no longer ride my bike to her house. Years later, she invited me to her sixteenth birthday party. I don't see Minnie very often from then on. But I'll always keep the letter and I'll never forget the time we spent together.
The question is: The writer wrote the passage to tell us about her  _  with Minnie.
The possible answers are:
A:old boxes
B:letter
C:birthday party
D:friendshipFor a long time being happy was considered something that just happened, and there was nothing special about it. Now we know that getting along with other people is something that we can work at. It is possible to act in such a way that other people will like us better. One way is being unselfish, not wanting everything from our friends. Another way is to look for good points, not bad points in other people. It is surprising how successful this treasure hunt can be.
You do not have to be spineless   in order to be popular. In fact, you will be liked or loved if you are not afraid to stand up for your rights  . But do it politely and pleasantly. Being friendly and polite to your group, to other people and to strangers and especially to those who do not look important or do not interest you is one way to develop a good character.
You cannot expect to be perfect, and you must learn not to be unhappy when you make mistakes. Everyone makes mistakes, and no one is to be blamed if he does not refuse to learn from them. Many young people become discouraged   when they know in themselves qualities that they do not like--selfishness, laziness, and other unpleasant qualities. Just remember that we all have some of these faults   and have to fight against them.
At the same time, it is important to remember that while you are probably no worse than others, the best way to be happy is to think yourself above other people. When something is wrong, it is good sense to try to make it right. Perhaps you do not like a teacher or a classmate. Try to see why, and look at yourself, too, to be sure that you are not doing anything to make that person dislike you. Some day, things may turn out all right when you have to learn to get along the best with the situation, without thinking too much about it. Worrying never helps in a situation you cannot change.
The question is: If a person wants to be popular, he or she has to   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:be polite and friendly
B:give up some rights
C:get away arguing with other people
D:be ready to change his or her characterThis is a picture of a classroom. The classroom is big and clean. You can see a teacher's desk, five desks and six chairs. You can see a girl and a boy, too.
Three books are on the teacher's desk. A pencil box is on the desk. Two pens and two rulers are in the pencil box. A schoolbag is under a chair. A ball is on the floor. The girl is Linda; she is 11. The boy is Mike, he is 12. They are in Class Two, Grade one. They are friends. Their teacher is Miss Green. She is not here.
The question is: _  is eleven.
The possible answers are:
A:Linda
B:Mike
C:Miss Green
D:MaryMy name is Panrit. I live in Samutprakarn. It is about thirty kilometers south of Bangkok,the capital of Thailand. My house is near a museum and opposite a school.
My house has two floors,two bedrooms and two toilets. We don't have a dining room,so we eat our meals in the living room. There are four people in my family, my mum,my dad,my brother and I. My house doesn't have a garden but we have some plants in pots . We also have some small fish. My mum likes the plants very much. She usually waters and looks after them when she's at home.
I don't usually stay at home. I usually stay at my grandma's home because it is more comfortable. In her home. there is no homework. and all I have to do is to play.
The question is: Panrit's family have meals in the  _
The possible answers are:
A:dinning room
B:living room
C:bedroom
D:gardenOnce there was a king. He had two old ministers. One was kind and the other was bad. The bad minister often said bad words about the kind minister before the king. The king was very angry.
One day the king said to the bad minister, "Write two words on two pieces of paper. Write 'live' on one piece and 'die' on the other. Then put them in a jar and tell him to choose. If he takes out the paper with 'live' on it, I'll let him go. If he takes out the paper with 'die' on it, I'll kill him at once. "
The bad minister was quite happy. He got two pieces of paper ready. He wrote 'die' on each piece of paper.
The kind old man came. He knew the bad minister wanted to kill him. He also knew the words on the two pieces were both "die". But he knew what to do. Later the king had to keep his word and let the old minister go. Do you know what the kind man did about this at that time?
He chose a piece of paper and ate it, When they saw the word "die" on the other piece, the king and other ministers thought the word on the piece that the kind man had eaten must be "live", so he saved his own life by his cleverness .
The question is: _   must be disappointed in the end.
The possible answers are:
A:The king
B:The kind minister
C:The bad minister
D:All the other ministersYou might have noticed that the cost of food has gone up.In fact the price of wheat and rice has nearly doubled in the past few years.It's thought that right now,850 million people--that's more than 10 times the population of the UK--are short of food because it's too expensive or there's not enough of it.
The price of basic food such as wheat and corn has stayed the same for quite a long time,about 30 years.But as the world's population is getting bigger,there's more pressure to feed more people,plus there's less land and water to go round.
Another reason is climate change.Droughts and floods make it hard to grow crops like rice and grain.The price of oil has gone up and that makes it more expensive for farmers to run their tractors and to transport the food they make.And lots of fields are being used to grow crops to make other things that can't be eaten--which is bad news for hungry people.
The main losers are poor people who live in cities in poor countries,who are facing higher prices for food.Some people are doing well out of the food crisis  though.Farmers in rich countries like the US,Canada and Australia are getting record prices for their harvests.
World leaders are meeting in the Italian capital Rome to talk about the problem of rising food prices.Some countries are helping out with the cost of foods and international aid agencies have called for more money for food production in poor countries.
The question is: What does the food crisis mean to farmers in Canada?
The possible answers are:
A:They can get a lot of money from the government.
B:They have to save a lot of money.
C:They can make more money from the high price.
D:They are losing a lot of money.The panda is one of the animals most in danger. Three are about 1,000 pandas living in nature reserves today. Zoos and research centers look after about 160 pandas. Scientists are studying how they live and more baby pandas are born in the zoos.
Pandas live in the forests and mountains of Southern China. They mainly live on bamboo, and each pandas needs to eat a lot of bamboo every day. The area of bamboo is becoming smaller for many different reasons, so pandas have less and less land to live on. Pandas don't have many babies, and baby panda often dies. The situation is becoming very serious.
Our government is working hard to save pandas. There are more than 30 nature reserves to protect pandas but these are not enough. The government has made a new plan to help pandas. The nature reserves will be bigger and the bamboo will grow better. Then the pandas will have enough food and enough places to live in. Pandas born in the zoos may go back to live in the nature reserves.
Most people love pandas. The panda is one of the best-known animals in the world. It is the symbol for the World Wide Fund for Nature. The WWF works to protect all animals in danger, so the panda has become the symbol of all animals in danger. There is still a long way to save the panda. Think of other animals in danger. There is still a long way to go to save the panda. Think of other animals in danger such as tigers, whales, turtles and elephants--and we need to save them, too.
The question is: The government is trying   _   to help the pandas.
The possible answers are:
A:to build more zoos
B:to send more scientists
C:to make bigger nature reserves
D:to ask the WWF to work in ChinaA concert under the theme of the 28-year-old charity song Let the World Be Filled with Love is set to bring 100 celebrated singers to perform in Quanzhou in southeast China's Fujian Province next month. The concert is set to cover 10 cities including Beijing. Quanzhou is the first stop of the touring schedule.
The song Let the World Be Filled with Love was written by famous Chinese singer and songwriter Guo Feng. It was performed by a chorus   of 100 singers during a concert for world peace that year. The song also made Guo Feng famous.
The concert is organized by China TV Artists Association. It aims to improve local charity programmes. The concert has so far received positive feedback   from some of the biggest names from the Chinese mainland, Hong Kong and Taiwan, including Hollywood actor Jackie Chan.
It is well known that Jackie Chan has made great contributions to the music scene for years with songs like A Hero Never Dies and Don't Go Home. He sang the theme song to the film Fairy Tale with Kim Hee Sun. Between shooting   films and joining in public activities all over the world, it took Chan about a year to finish an album.
By joining in charity activities, Jackie Chan has provided scholarships for needy students and helped injured performers and their families. So far, he has been involved in over 100 public welfare   projects in 52 cities in over 30 countries.
The question is: The charity song Let the World Be Filled with Love was written in   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:1986
B:1988
C:1992
D:1997In the world, soccer (or football) is the most popular sport. This is because many countries have wonderful teams for the World Cup. The World Cup is held every four years.
To remember the 2002 FIFA World Cup, children from different countries and more than 60 children from different Japanese schools came together and spent three weeks drawing a big picture called"Dream   World Cup"in Japan. The children drew animals, flowers and people playing soccer under bright blue sky. They wished each football team good luck by drawing the flags   of all countries that would take part in the World Cup in Japan and South Korea. The picture was put up in a park near a playground in Yokohama.
Are you a football fan? The World Cup makes more and more people interested in football. Teenagers like playing and watching football. Many of them love some football stars so much that they get pictures of their favorite players such as, Figo, Oven and Pauleta. And they put the pictures up on the walls of their rooms. That is the way to show their love for the World Cup.
,.
The question is: From the passage, in the picture children drew many things except   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:some football stars
B:people playing football
C:a sunny sky
D:flowersIt was lunch time. Mike was in the garden with Linda. Suddenly, two aliens   arrived! "Wow! Aliens!" They were so excited that they _ loudly.
"Hello, friends!" The two aliens came out from a small flying machine.
"Hi! Come and have lunch with us." Mike said.
"Do you like earth food?" Linda asked.
"We don't know. Let's have a try," the aliens said.
"What's this? Is it a phone?" the tall alien asked.
"No, it's a banana," Mike said.
The tall alien took a bite  , "Yuke! I don't like bananas."
"What's this? Is it a ball?" the short alien asked.
"No, it's an egg," Linda said.
The tall alien took a bite, "Yuke! I don't like eggs."
"What's this? Is it a hat?" the tall alien asked.
"No, it's a lunchbox!" Mike said.
The tall alien took a bite, "Yum! I like lunchboxes!"
The question is: Which of the following is the right order   for what the aliens ate?
The possible answers are:
A:A banana-An egg-A lunchbox.
B:An egg-A banana-A lunchbox.
C:An egg-A lunchbox-A banana.
D:A banana-A lunchbox-An egg.Hello,my friend.I'm Jack.Today I'd like to tell you a story about the language.People live together and they speak the same language.They are kind to each other .
People want to build a tower.One of them says, "Let's build it high and it can reach the heaven  !".And the name is the Tower of Babel.But God doesn't like it."I will stop   them!" God says.
People can work together because they can speak the same language.So God makes people speak different language.This is a big problem.Someone asks for water,people give him clothes.They can't understand each other.So people are not friendly.They don't like building the tower.
People begin to speak different languages and live in different places.They never finish building the Tower of Babel.
The question is: In the story,people in the world speak   _   language(s) at first.
The possible answers are:
A:one
B:two
C:three
D:many differentTo be a good teacher, you need some of the _ of a good actor; you must be able to hold the attention and interest of your audience; you must be a clear speaker, with a good, strong, pleasant voice which is fully under your control; and you must be able to act what you are teaching, in order to make its meaning clear.
Watch a good teacher, and you will see that he doesn't sit still before his class; he stands the whole time he is teaching; he walks about, using his arms, hands and fingers to help him in his explanations, and his face to express feelings.
There are very important differences between the teacher's work and the actor's.
The actor has to speak words which he has learnt by heart; he has to repeat exactly the same words each time he plays a certain part, even his movements and the ways in which he uses his voice are usually fixed beforehand .What he has to do is to make all these carefully learnt words and actions seem natural on the stage. A good teacher works in quite a different way. His audience take an active part in his play: they ask and answer questions, they obey orders, and if they don't understand anything, they say so. The teacher can't learn his part by heart, but must invent it as he goes along.
I have known many teachers who are fine actors in class but are unable to take part in a stage-play because they can't keep strictly to what another has written.
The question is: The title of the passage is  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:How to be a good teacher
B:How to be a good actor
C:A good teacher's knowledge
D:A good actor's behaviourHave you ever thought about what kind of job you would like to have when you grow up? Many people think that we can have only one job in our lifetime. We all know that this is not true, but quite a few people actually think this way. For example, when people choose a major   in college, they think that the decisions they make now will decide their jobs for the rest of their lives. However, there are many examples where people became successful after changing their careers   later in life.
J. K. Rowling, writer of the famous novel Harry Potter, was a school teacher before she began writing books. In fact, she was out of work before the first Harry Potter book came out.
Former  US President Ronald Reagan began as an actor when he was a young man. He later decided that he wanted to do _ work. This kind of passion   finally led him to become President of the United States.
The famous 19th century artist Vincent Van Gogh was not a painter from the beginning. He once worked as an art salesman and later became a preacher. It was only 10 years before he died that he decided to become an artist.
Careers are always open to change. The important thing is to find what you are really good at or what you really want to do. Once you find that passion, it's all a matter of how hard you try.
The question is: According to the passage, the most important thing to think of when choosing a career is   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:what major you choose in college
B:how much money you can make
C:changing jobs as often as possible
D:finding what you really want to doDear Betty,
I'm your eraser Jill .This afternoon you lost me in your classroom. Simon found me and gave me to your English teacher Ms White. Now Ms White's three keys and I are in Ms. White's bag. The bag is yellow. It's on Ms White's desk. Please call Ms White at 718-0167 and ask her for me .You can come to the library, too. Ms White is in the library now.
Jill
The question is: Simon found a (n)   _   in the classroom.
The possible answers are:
A:pen
B:book
C:ruler
D:eraserFor the first time in Singapore, it's snowing. Visitors to Singapore will be amazed by the technology that brings winter to you on this tropical   island.
All visitors can have cool winter fun in Snow City, Singapore's first indoor snow center. Visitors can see and touch snow falling. Of course, it's more than just touching and feeling snow. You can enjoy exciting snow rides or skiing on snowboard. You can also build your own real snowman and have snowball fights filled with fun and learn about life in cold climates.
Snow City is about family-based fun and is suitable for all ages. Join us and step into Snow City today.
How to get there:
21Jurong Town Hall Road, Snow City Building, Singapore 609433
Tel: 63371511
Bus services: No. 66, No. 178, No.198
Price: Adults: $18; Children: $12
Opening Hours: Tuesday--Sunday: 10:30 am--6:30 pm
Notice:
No phone booking.
For updated information, please visit our website www.snowcity.com.sg.
The question is: You can get more new information about Snow City   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:on the phone
B:by fax
C:online
D:in a newspaperWhen people think of food in the United States, they think mostly of fast foods like hamburgers and hot dogs. In fact, in the U.S. cities like New York and Los Angeles, there are thousands of different kinds of restaurants with foods from all over the world.
So if you like to try different foods, the United States is the place for you. The United States has people from all over the world, and they bring with them typical foods from their countries. You can eat tempura in Japanese restaurants, tacos in Mexican restaurants, paella in Spanish restaurants, pasta in Italian restaurants, and you can also eat America's most popular food, pizza.
Yes, pizza! Pizza is from Italy, but today it is an important part of the U.S. menu. There are about 58,000 pizzerias in the United States--that's about 17% of all restaurants in the country, and the number is growing.
The United States has eating places for all tastes--and all pockets. You can buy a hot dog on the street and pay one or two dollars. Or you can go to a four-star restaurant and pay $200 for a dinner
The question is: Many people think  _  , but they are wrong.
The possible answers are:
A:fast foods are quite popular in America
B:Americans usually have fast foods only
C:Pizzas are becoming more popular in America
D:People can eat what they wish in AmericaThis is a story about a boy called Sparky. For Sparky, school was all but impossible. He failed every subject in the eighth grade. He got a zero in physics. It made him the worst physics student in the school's history. He didn't do much better in sports. Although he tried to join the school's golf team, he quickly lost the only important match.
He didn't have friends, either. Other kids didn't care about him. If a classmate said "Hello" to Sparky outside of school, he would feel very surprised.
Sparky was a loser  and everyone knew it. So he accepted it.
But one thing was important to Sparky---drawing. He was proud of his artwork. In senior high school, he sent some cartoons to the editors of the yearbook but he was refused. Sparky was hurt. But he didn't lose hope because he believed in his ability and he _ . He decided to become a professional artist.
He wrote a letter to the Walt Disney Studios after graduating from high school. The studio asked him to draw some cartoons on a certain subject. Sparky spent a lot of time on the cartoons. Finally, the reply came from Disney Studios: they aren't like cartoons.
Was it time to stop drawing?
Sparky didn't think so. He started to put his own life in the cartoons. He created  his childhood self----a little boy loser: Charlie Brown. He wasn't good at football.But Charlie Brown would soon become famous worldwide. Sparky, the boy who used to fail in school and who was refused again and again, was Charles Schulz. He created the Peanuts comic strip and the world-famous cartoon characters Charlie Brown and Snoopy.
The question is: What is the best title of the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:Stick to Your Dream
B:A Cartoon Character
C:A Professional Artist
D:How to Be an ArtistMr Brown is our English teacher at school. He is a popular teacher and I like him very much.
There are many other foreign teachers in our school. Some are from English-speaking countries and some from Asian countries. I like Mr Brown best. He is a very interesting teacher and he teaches us very well.
Mr Brown comes from Australia. Though he is the oldest teacher of our school. he is very strong. All the students like him very much. During his class, no one sleeps. After class, he often tells jokes to us or does sports with us.
Mr Brown likes music very much. We learn a lot of English songs from him. He is also fond of sports. He takes exercises at least three times a week. He is good at swimming, so you know why he looks so strong.
The question is: What does Mr Brown like?
The possible answers are:
A:He likes music.
B:He likes telling stories.
C:He likes travelling.
D:He likes cooking.How to get along with people you don't like? We all have to be friendly to people we don't like. We can't change others, but we can change our own ideas and actions.
The following are some methods:
*Be polite. Say "Hello" or "have a nice day". Say that he or she looks nice.
*Be positive . Think of five good things about the person. Maybe he or she is always on time or works hard.
*Really listen when the person talks. Ask questions to understand the person better.
The question is: You should say "  _  " to show that you are polite to people you don't like.
The possible answers are:
A:Stop talking
B:Go away
C:Have a nice day
D:Don't smileAngela Chang   didn't know it would be so hard to turn singing into a career  . She went to many different record companies. But she was always _ for looking too young and small.
"I'd never had such difficulties before," Chang said. But Chang's talent was finally accepted in 2002. When she got a piece of work, she cried.
She soon became a star. Her first albumOver the Rainbowsold very well. She won many awards.
"You wouldn't believe such a beautiful voice could come from such a small body," said one musician after hearing Chang sing. "She has a special voice. You can't forget it."
But the 25-year-old girl has other talents too. Chang is also an actress. She has played a role in the popular TV plays, My MVP ValentineandAt Dolphin Bay. Many people remember her common-girl parts in the plays. But acting is difficult. Chang once acted so badly that she was nearly fired  . Another time it took her 27 tries to get a scene   right.
"I cried when I got back home," Chang said. "But I knew that I wouldn't always fail. You only fail when you give up."
Now with four albums behind her -Over the Rainbow, Aurora, Pandoraand Flower in the Wonderland, it's clear that Chang and music were made for each other. As she sings in one song, "I have a pair of invisible wings  . They fly me to the skies and give me hope."
The question is: Many record companies refused to co-operate   with her because   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:she looks very common
B:she is too young
C:she doesn't sing very well
D:she looks young and smallAn English traveller found himself in Norway with only enough money to buy the ticket for his journey back home.As he knew that it would take him only two days to get to England,he decided that he could easily spend the time without food. So he bought a ticket and got on the ship. The man closed his ears to the sound of the lunch bell.When dinner time came,he didn't go to dining room,saying that he was not feeling very well.
The next morning he still didn't have breakfast and at lunchtime he again stayed in his room. But at dinnertime he was so hungry that he went to the dining room and ate everything the waiter put in front of him. He got ready for the quarrel.
"Bring me the bill,"he said."The bill,Sir?" said the waiter in surprise."There isn't any bill.On our ship meals are included in the money for the ticket,"said the waiter.
The question is: Why didn't the traveller go to the dining room first?
The possible answers are:
A:Because he had no money.
B:Because he didn't feel very well.
C:Because he didn't want to eat anything.
D:Because he didn't hear the sound of the bell.Beijing Opera is my favourite. Bao Zheng always has a black face and Guan Yu has a red face in Beijing Opera. But many people don't know why.
I come from America and I have lived in China for six years. I like Beijing Opera very much. I think Beijing Opera is very interesting. I can learn a lot about Chinese history. Now let me tell you the art of Beijing Opera facial  paintings .
In Beijing Opera facial paintings, different colours and patterns  are for different roles. For example, a black face for fair   people. A red face is for brave  people. A white face is for bad people. Blue and green faces are for heroes . The gold face is for gods.
The question is: The writer thinks he can learn a lot about   _   by watching Beijing Opera.
The possible answers are:
A:Chinese history
B:American history
C:different colours
D:different patternsMy uncle Mike is a music teacher. He never gets up very _ He usually gets up at five o'clock in the morning. After he brushes his teeth, he often plays baseball with my aunt.
Then he eats his breakfast. After that, he often plays the violin. At about 7:50, he takes the Number 6 bus to his school.
He has no classes on Thursday and Friday. He usually goes to the violin club. Then he helps kids with the violin. Oh, my brother plays the violin very well. Do you love to play the violin? Do you want to join the violin club? Please call my uncle at 1163886.
The question is: Please call 1163886 if you want to learn   _
The possible answers are:
A:English
B:baseball
C:the violin
D:football"Tom? Are you in bed yet?" called Mrs.White. There was no answer. Mrs. White put down her book and went to her 14-year-old son's room. Tom was sitting in front of a bright computer screen on which a motorbike was running fast.
"Oh, Tom. You're still playing on that computer game. You must stop now, it's half past eleven. If you don't go to bed soon, you'll be very tired tomorrow, " said Mrs. White."But I've nearly won the game, " Tom said to Mrs. White. She could see the excitement on his face. She sat down beside him."You're always playing on the computer. You spend more time on this machine than on your homework. "
Today more and more families have computers. Parents hope computers can help their children improve their study at school. But many of their children use computers to play games and watch videos instead of studying. We often see that computer net bars are crowded with people, especially young boys. They spend a lot of money competing  with the computerized   machines. The more they lose, the more they want to win. The result is that they don't want to work or study.
In some countries, even scientists hate computers. They say computers cause millions of people to lose their jobs or cause them a lot of trouble. Computer game addiction  is a serious problem in social  life. Something has to be done to solve the problem.
The question is: How did Mrs. White feel when she saw her son playing late?
The possible answers are:
A:She felt excited.
B:She felt happy.
C:She felt worried.
D:She felt wonderful.We all want to protect our planet, but we're mostly too busy or too lazy to put up big change that would improve our lifestyle and save the environment.
Here are some tips you can take to improve our environment.
Use compact fluorescent light bulbs . It is true that these bulbs are more expensive, but they last much longer and they can save energy and in the long term your electricity bill would be reduced.
Donate. You have lots of clothes or things you want to throw away. If they are still usable, give them to someone who needs them. You may also choose to give them to associations .
Turn off your devices. When you do not use a house device, turn it off. For example, if you don't watch TV, turn it off. Turn off the light when you leave a room. It's an easy habit to take up which will help you save a lot of money.
Walk or cycle. Driving is one of the biggest causes of pollution. If you want to use your car, ask yourself the following question: do I really need my car? Walk or use your bike if the journey is a short one.
The question is: What does the author think of compact fluorescent light bulbs?
The possible answers are:
A:They are too expensive for many families.
B:They can save energy but they can't last long.
C:They are expensive but they are brighter than the usual lights.
D:They are expensive, though, in fact, they are cheaper than the usual lights.Dictionaries say that "spring fever" is a lazy or restless feeling . People usually have the feeling on the first warm day of spring. Everyone has probably felt it at one time or another . people have talked about it for years.
Recently, scientists have taken a good look at spring fever. What they found is quite surprising.
In many places we live in , the winter months often seem dark and dreary. When spring comes late March , the world becomes colorful . The number of daylight hours grows with each passing day. According to many scientists, all the sunlight sets off chemicals in the brain  . The chemicals make our feeling change and bring on spring fever.
The question is: How do people who have spring fever feel ?
The possible answers are:
A:active
B:awake
C:energetic
D:restless .One day an old man went for a walk in a park in Washington and when he was tired, he sat down on a chair by a swimming pool. A young person was standing on the other side of the pool.
"Oh!" the old man said to the person sitting next to him. "Do you see the person with the loose clothes and long hair? Is it a boy or a girl?"
"A girl," said his neighbor. "She is my daughter."
"Oh!" the old man said quickly. "Please forgive me. I didn't know that you were her mother."
"I'm not," said the person. "I'm her father."
The question is: The old man thought his neighbor was  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:a man
B:a boy
C:a woman
D:a girlHow do most students spend their weekends? Do they have time to do the things they like? Let's see what some students do during their weekends.
Ben is eleven. He has a sister, Kate. Both of them like going to the cinema. Every Sunday morning, they go to the town by train and then they go to the cinema because they live in a village   and there is no cinema there.
They get to the town at noon. They usually have a big lunch in their favourite restaurant first, and then they buy some food in the supermarket before they go to their favourite cinema called Star Cinema. They like it because the seats there are _ and the films in the cinema are always the newest. They always have a good time on Sundays. But when the weather is bad or they are busy with their homework or someone visits them, they can't go to the cinema.
The question is: They go to the town to see a film because   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:they like the cinema there
B:there is no cinema in the village
C:they don't know other cinemas
D:they want to go shopping in the townEach team has three players and a coach . The basketball players are running and jumping in the hot sun. Music is all around. In just twelve minutes, the game is over. But a new one starts right away. How exciting!
This is street-ball. It's much like basketball. But it's faster. People play it outside and it's interesting. Usually, children play street-ball on an open court. They use only half of the court. What they need is a basketball goal  . Children love lots of things about the game. "It's very nice to be outside in the sun. And the music is great", said Jane, fourteen, a girl in Beijing.
Some say street-ball was from Europe  , others say it came from America. But now, boys and girls in many countries like to play it. Street-ball is a game for all.
The question is: Which one is NOT right?
The possible answers are:
A:The game is over in twelve minutes.
B:People usually play a street-ball outside.
C:Only girls like to play the game.
D:They use only half of the court.Some scientists say that animals in the ocean are increasingly threatened  by noise pollution caused by human beings. The noise that affects sea animals comes from a number of human activities. Such noises are added to natural sounds. These sounds include the breaking of ice fields, underwater earthquakes, and sounds made by animals themselves.
Decibels  measured in water are different from those measured on land. A noise of one hundred and twenty decibels on land caused pain to human ears. In water, a decibel level of one hundred and ninety-five would have the same effect.
Some scientists have planned to set a noise limit of one hundred and twenty decibels in oceans. They have found that noises at that level can frighten and confuse  whales.
A team of American and Canadian scientists discovered that loud noises can seriously hurt some animals. The research team found that powerful underwater explosions were causing whales in the area to lose their hearing. This seriously affected the whales' ability to exchange information and find their way. Some of the whales even died. The explosions had caused their ears to bleed and become infected.
Many researchers whose work depends on ocean sounds disagree to a limit of one hundred and twenty decibels. They say such a limit would mean an end to important industrial and scientific research. Scientists do not know how much and what kinds of noises are harmful to ocean animals. However, many scientists suspect  that noise is a greater danger than they believed. They want to stop noises from harming creatures in the ocean.
The question is: According to the passage, which of the following is increasingly dangerous to sea animals?
The possible answers are:
A:The man-made noises.
B:The noises made by themselves.
C:The sound of earthquakes.
D:The sound of the ice-breaking.There is an old man living with his granddaughter. Every morning the old man goes out for a walk in the park and comes home at half past twelve for lunch.
But one morning a police car stops outside the house at twelve. One of the policemen says , "The old man can't find his way home in the park and call us for help, so we bring him home ."
The old man's granddaughter is very surprised ,but she thanks the policemen and they leave.
"But my grandfather," the granddaughter asks, "You go to the park every day for twenty years. How can't you find your way home ?"
The old man smiles, "I'm just tired and don't want to walk home."
The question is: That day,  _   take(s) the old man home.
The possible answers are:
A:his granddaughter
B:the policemen
C:his friends
D:his neighborJim: Let's play volleyball, OK?
Tony: Sorry, I don't have a volleyball. But I have a basketball.
Jim: I don't want to play basketball. I only want to play volleyball.
Tony: Who has a volleyball? Do you know?
Jim: Maybe Tom has one. Let's go and ask him. (Say to Tom.)
Hi, Tom! Do you have a volleyball?
Tom: No. I don't. Does Peter have one?
Tony: Oh, yes, he does.
Tom: Hi, Peter! Do you have a volleyball?
Peter: Yes, I do. But it is at home.
Tom: Sorry to hear that!
Tony: Well, let's play basketball. OK?
Jim: OK!
Tom: Peter, please join us.
Peter: OK! Let's play!
,.
The question is: Who has a volleyball?
The possible answers are:
A:Jim.
B:Tony.
C:Peter.
D:Tom.Lily is ten years old . One morning her good friend MeiMei says to her, " Next Friday is my birthday. Would you like to come to my birthday party?" Lily says " Yes, I would like to".
On Friday, Lily asks her mother, " Can I go to MeiMei's birthday party" "Yes, but you must be polite .and I want you to sing a song for your friend." "Ok. Mum" Lily answers and goes to MeiMei's home on foot. Then she buys a toy for MeiMei.
At the party there are many children. Some are dancing . Some are talking. Some are playing cards. And Lily is singing an English song .There are some apples , oranges , bread , and a big birthday cake with eleven candles on it . The children sit around the cake. MeiMei makes a silent wish, and then blows the candles out in one breath. The children have a good time. Then Lily goes home by bus.
The question is: What does Lily buy for MeiMei?
The possible answers are:
A:apples
B:oranges
C:a toy
D:a big cakeCan you remember the day when you spoke your first words? If you can, you are unusual. Try to think what the first months of your life were like. I'm sure you just spent most of your time eating, sleeping and crying. As you grew older, your parents spent more time playing with you and talking to you. You watched and listened. You began to know that people make some sounds to go with some things.
Then you began to cry to make sounds you heard. And step by step   you were able to make the right sound for one thing.
On that day you came to understand the secret of the language. The secret is that a certain sound means a certain thing. Only when a group of people use the same set of sounds of things can they understand each other, so these people have a language.
After you found the secret of language, you learnt words. Some of the words mean things, like
books, chairs and shops. Some of the words mean _ , for example, go and swim. Soon you learnt to put words together to share your idea, like "I want to go out and play with my friends."
This is language. By the way of language, people can communicate  . So we say languages mean sharing.
The question is: _  can remember the day when we spoke our first words?
The possible answers are:
A:Few of us
B:one
C:Most people
D:All of usDo you know the game "Rock, paper or scissors"? Maybe you think it's just a simple game for children. But in fact, some adults use it to make decisions and solve their problems. It is also popular in many countries.
There are different stories about the history of the game. But many people believe the game  came from Japan, and Japanese have played it for a long time. Later it came to Europe in the middle of the 18th century. In 1842, England founded the Paper Scissors Stone Club and from then on people could get together to play the game for honor  .
There is even an international club named the World Rock Paper Scissors Club in Toronto. The club makes "Rock, paper or scissors" more and more popular. It holds the world championship   every year. Top players from around the world take part in it and the champion   can get a lot of money and the honor of all the fans of "Rock, paper or scissors".
The question is: Who use the game to make decisions and solve problems according to this passage?
The possible answers are:
A:Children.
B:Some adults.
C:Students.
D:The old.The latest colorful 3D cartoon movie, Zootopia, has become a great success. It has not only won the hearts of children but also drawn the attention of adults.
The film tells about a rabbit called Judy who was born in carrot farmers. All her life, she's dreamed of being a police officer and finally leaves for Zootopia, a beautiful modern city, to go for her dream. It's a place where, according to her understanding, "anyone can be anything."
At first, she is put on parking duty, because nobody believes a rabbit can become a great policewoman compared to other big and strong predator animals .While on duty, she gets to know a sly-looking fox, Nick . They once misunderstand each other and have words with each other. But they work together to solve a secret _ successfully in the end .
From the movie we also can get a clear and powerful message: prejudice , in any form, is a terrible thing. We should say no to it. Luckily, we can see both predators and prey-predators  can live in peace in Zootopia finally.
Anyway, Zootopia is a great piece of work with important life lessons: life's a little bit messy, and we all make mistakes;no matter what type of animal you are, change starts with you. So stick to your dream and work for it. You know, "everything is possible."
The question is: Who loves to see the latest cartoon movie Zootopia?
The possible answers are:
A:Children
B:Adults
C:Both A and B
D:NobodyYears ago, I lived in a building in a large city. The building next door was only a few feet away from mine. There was a woman who lived there, whom I had never met, yet I could see her seated by her window each afternoon, sewing or reading.
After several months went by, I began to notice that her window was dirty. Everything was unclear through the dirty window. I often said to myself, "I wonder why that woman doesn't wash her window. It really looks terrible."
One bright morning I decided to clean my flat, including washing the window on the inside.
Late in the afternoon when I finished the cleaning, I sat down by the window with a cup of coffee for a rest. What a surprise! Across the way, the woman sitting by her window was clearly seen. Her window was clean!
Then _ . I was always criticizing  her dirty window, but all the time I was watching hers through my own dirty window.
That was quite an important lesson for me. How often had I looked at and criticized others through the dirty window of my heart, through my own mistake?
Since then, whenever I wanted to judge  someone, I asked myself first, "Am I looking at him through my own dirty window?"
Then I try to clean the window of my own world so that I may see the world around me more clearly and correctly.
The question is: The writer was surprised that   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:the woman was sitting by her window
B:the woman's window was clean
C:the woman did cleaning in the afternoon
D:the woman's window was still terribleOne of the easiest ways to keep fit is to do jogging. Jogging is the name for a very gentle   running. It is just a little faster than walking.
Start slow jog 20 meters, then walk 20 meters. Little by little, if you are not feeling very tired, you may do more jogging and less walking. Finally, jog the whole way. It will be easy for you to start jogging for 15 minutes twice a week, slowly, increase this to 20-30minutes everyday. The longer you join in jogging, the more you enjoy it and the healthier you will become. Some people like jogging alone, and others enjoy doing it with friends.
Jogging in groups makes more people keener  , because you just can not stay in bed while there is a group of friends waiting outside.
If you want to start jogging, prepare a pair of comfortable shoes and determined mind.
The question is: If you are not feeling very tired,   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:you may do more jogging
B:you may not do more jogging
C:you are very healthy and needn't do more jogging.
D:you can stop and have a rest.Grandmother's Favourite Doll  
A little girl had a doll. She loved it so much that she would treat it with great care, even though her friends would laugh at her for being so careful.
As time passed, the girl grew up, moved houses, became an adult, married, had children, and finally became a lovely little old woman with many grandchildren.
One day, she returned to her hometown, found her _ house, and went in. Among hundreds of old things, the now-old little girl found her doll. It was as well looked after as before. She took it home with her and gave it to her granddaughter. Her granddaughter loved it.
Each time the old woman saw her granddaughter playing with the doll, tears   of joy would roll down her cheeks  . She was so glad to see now it was in the hands of her granddaughter.
The question is: Whenever she saw her granddaughter playing with the doll, she would   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:feel very excited and joyful
B:think of her old friends
C:want to buy her granddaughter a new doll
D:wish to go back to her hometown againShe's a lovely girl. She has long and black hair. She is quite tall and slim. Her eyes are bright and black. She is 13 years old.
She is good at singing. She likes listening to music. She is S.H.E.'s fan . Do you know Conan? He is a little detective .The lovely girl also likes him.
Oh, sorry. I forget to tell you who the girl is. It's me. I'm a lovely girl. You can call me Kacely or Kacelin.
Now I study at Sunshine Middle School. I'm in Class 1, Grade 7. Every day, I get up at 6:00 a.m. The classes begin at 7 o'clock. I like lunchtime because I can chat with my friends at that time. After school, I usually play badminton with my friends. I like playing badminton and I am good at it.
I want to be a superstar  when I grow up.
The question is: Kacely wants to be a   _  when she grows up.
The possible answers are:
A:teacher
B:doctor
C:singer
D:superstarI work in a small shop. It is near a factory. Every day, workers, old ladies and housewives come to the shop to buy things.
I live in a house not very far from the shop. I usually get up at six, have breakfast and then go to work by bike. I take some food along in my lunch box.
I get to the shop at about ten to seven. At seven customers  begin to arrive. They buy meat, eggs, sugar, soybean, sauce, cooking oil  , salt, candies, biscuits and many other things. We don't sell  vegetables or fruit. There is a shop for these things nearby. I have my meal at noon from my lunch box. At seven in the evening we close the shop. I tidy things up and then go home for supper.
Some people may think my work isn't so interesting. But I do my bit for the modernizations , don't I?
The question is: Her house is   _   the shop. She often goes to work   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:very far from; by bus
B:very close to; by bike
C:very far from; by bike
D:very close to; on footMy name is Li Li. I'm eleven. I'm from China. My mum and dad work in a big factory. They go to work every day but rest two days. I have a sister. We look like each other very much and we like to help each other. She is a middle school student and comes home in the afternoon. Everyone in my family likes to look after me.
My sister and I are in the same school. I'm a good student in my class. There are forty-two students in our class, twenty boys and twenty-two girls. We have our lessons from eight o'clock in the morning to four o'clock in the afternoon. My teacher of English, Miss. Green is from England. She is a good teacher. We go to school from Monday to Friday .We have five English classes a week. Now we can say a hundred words, and play games in English. We like English. We like our English teacher.
The question is: We have  _  a day.
The possible answers are:
A:one English class
B:six English classes
C:no English class
D:five English classesThe Xin'an Street Community began three programs not long ago.
The Neighborhood Clean-up Program
Every Sunday at 5:00pm, the neighbors begin cleaning Xin'an Street from one end to the other. The head of the Community, Zhao Fuqin, said, "The first Sunday, only eleven people came, but we picked up over seven big bags of rubbish  from the sidewalk and street. The next weekend, twenty people came, and filled eight rubbish bags. Now the neighborhood really looks great!"
The Neighborhood Watch Program
The neighbors on Xin'an Street began this program to look for problems in the neighborhood and to call the police if necessary. The neighbors all say the watch has already helped.
SunYan, aged 60, a retired teacher, said, "In the past, I felt afraid at night. Now I know my neighbors are watching for trouble. " According to the police, there are fewer problems on Xin'an Street. "Calls to 110 went down last month. _ knew that the people on Xin'an Street were watching, so they stayed away," said a policeman.
The Neighborhood Fitness Program
A Health Club was built last month, where the neighbors can do different kinds of sports like basketball, ping-pong ball, tennis, etc. "Every morning you can see groups of neighbors running, dancing and playing Taijiquan. We have come to realize the importance of taking exercise," said Chen Jinliang, a businessman of 45.
The community has more plans. "We plan to start the Kids Care Program for children. We are going to build an after-school club. And we want to have a picnic for everyone in the neighborhood!" said Zhao Fuqin.
The question is: From the passage we know that   _   in the Xin'an Street Community.
The possible answers are:
A:there are no problems now
B:an after-school club was built last month
C:the neighbors have a picnic every Sunday
D:the environment is getting nicer and cleaner nowLast summer my parents and l went to Yunnan. It left us wonderful memories. If you like a spring climate  ,clean air and nice views, then Yunnan is the best place for you!
Day l Shanghai-Kunming
Activities: Arrive in Kunming. Hotel check-in.
Meals: No meals
(We flew to Kunming. After our arrival   in Kunming, the guide took us to our hotel by bus. Then he showed us around the shopping center for the rest of the day.)
Day 2 Kunming
Activities: Visit Stone Forest, Bird & Flower Market.
Meals: Breakfast, Chinese Lunch
(In the Bird&Flower Market, we saw many kinds of flowers and birds as well as some traditional Chinese arts.)
Day 3 Dali-Lijiang
Activities: Arrive in Lijiang. Visit Lijiang Dayan Ancient   City, and its famous Square Street.
Meals: Breakfast, Chinese Lunch
(The Ancient City of Lijiang is known as Dayan Town. It has a long history of over 800 years.)
The question is: Where is the Square Street?
The possible answers are:
A:Beside the Ancient City of Lijiang.
B:In Dayan Town.
C:In the Stone Forest.
D:In the center of Dali.Good evening, ladies and gentlemen. I'm Roy Darby, and this is my show. This is a television show for all the families and I know you're going to enjoy it.
Let's start with a story I heard the other day about a very proud pig. This pig lived on a farm with a lot of other animals. And of all the animals on the farm, he thought he was the most important. But it was not enough that he himself thought this way. He had to be sure that the other animals thought so, too. So he went up to one of the chickens and asked, "Who is the most important animal on the farm?" Straight away, the chicken answered, "You're, Master." Then he asked one of the farm dogs and he got the same reply.
Next, he asked a cow. When the cow seemed uncertain of the right answer, the pig looked angry and showed his teeth. "Oh, you are, of course, Master Pig," said the cow. "Of course," the pig said. "There is no doubt about it."
At last, the pig asked a big horse, "Who is the most important animal on the farm?" The horse lifted one foot, rolled the pig over, and placed his foot on the pig's head. "All right," said the pig, "you don't have to do that just because you don't know the answer."
The question is: Roy Darby's show is   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:a funny story about a pig
B:for ladies and gentlemen only
C:about life on the farm
D:a family show on the televisionHere's how you can take the taxi in Japan
*From train station or airports , go to the _ and wait there.
*In the street, look for a taxi that has a red light in the front window. It means the taxi has no passengers . ( If the light is green, the taxi has passengers. )
*When you see an empty taxi, wave  your hand and call it.
*The back door opens automatically , so stand back and wait until the door opens.
*Get in the taxi and tell the driver where you want to go.
*Before you get out of the taxi, pay it.
*Wait until the door opens and get out of the taxi.
The question is: Before you get in the taxi, you should  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:open the front door
B:open the back door
C:wait until the back door opens
D:wait until the front door opensThis is a new picture. There are four boys and three girls in the room. They are all students. The boy on the desk is Jim. The girl near the window is Kate. Jim's sister Jane is on the chair. Ann and Mike are at the door. Mike's brother Sam is under the table. Where is Tom? Oh, he is over there, near the door. They are all very happy.
The question is: Who is Jim's sister?
The possible answers are:
A:Tom
B:Jane
C:Kate
D:AnnIt's Saturday. Helen has no classes today. She wants to buy a new dress. Her mother is at work, so she is going to the shop with her father. They go there by car. But her father doesn't like going shopping, so Helen goes to the shop and her father sits in the car and waits for her.
There are a lot of people in the shop. It is very crowded . Helen looks at the clothes and chooses . Her father waits and waits. About an hour goes by. Helen doesn't come out. Her father is worried about her. "Why does she stay in the shop for so long?" He comes out of the car. Just then, a man comes up to him. "Excuse me. Are you Helen's father?" "Yes." "Helen is waiting for you. She doesn't have enough money." "Oh, I see."
Then he goes after the man into the shop. Helen is very happy to see her father. She chooses a nice green dress. After her father pays  the money, they go home together.
The question is: How does Helen's father know the truth ?
The possible answers are:
A:Helen tells him about it.
B:A man tells him.
C:Helen calls him up.
D:Helen's father asks Helen about it.When someone who is in good health dies suddenly ,there is usually an inquest .A coroner will do it.His job is to find out exactly how a person died.
If there is nothing suspicious about the death,he will decide that the person died from
natural causes or an accident.if, however ,he is suspicious,he may decide that the person's death was caused by a person or persons unknown.
One day the coroner was trying to find out exactly what had caused the death of a local businessman,Henry Watson.
The man's wife was explaining something.She was very sad and had to stop from time to time.The coroner did not want to make her sadder than necessary ,but he had to find out the truth.There were questions he had to ask.
"Mrs.Watson,I know this is painful for you,"he said,"but i want you to think very carefully and then answer my questions.You and your husband were having dinner at home.Is that correct? "
"Yes."
''Suddenly he fell to the floor? "
"Yes."
"You stood up and hurried to him ?You knelt beside him ?His stomach was in great pain? "
"Yes."
"Did he say anything? "
The wife kept her head down.
"Please,Mrs.Watson,you must answer the question.What were his last words? "
The wife took a deep breath and then spoke."He said,"She replied in a very low voice,"I'm not surprised that seafood we had for dinner cost you only 50 cents,"
The question is: Where did Henry Watson die?
The possible answers are:
A:In his company
B:In a restaurant.
C:In a fish shop
D:At home.If you go to Finland, you'll be surprised to find how "foolish" the Finnish people are.
Take the taxi drivers for example. Taxis in Finland are mostly high class Benz with a fare   of two US dollars a kilometer. You can go anywhere in one, tell the driver to drop you at any place, say that you have some business to attend to, and then get off without paying your fare. And the driver would not show the least sign of worry.
The dining rooms in all big hotels not only serve their guests, but also outside diners. Hotel guests have their meals free, so their good faith is to wave their registration card to the waiter. With such a loose check, you can easily use any old registration card to take a couple of friends and dine free of charge.
With so many loopholes   in everyday life, surely Finland must be a heaven to those who love to take "pretty advantages". But the strange things is, all the taxi-passengers would always come back to pay their fare after they have attended to their business; not a single outsider has ever been found in the free hotel dining rooms. As the Finns always act on good faith and always show an attitude of "which is which" and "what is what" in everything they do, so to live in such a society has turned everyone into a real "gentleman". In a society of such high moral practice, what need is there for people to take precautions   against others?
The question is: Why wouldn't the driver show the least sign of worry? Because   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:he is sure that the passengers always act on good faith
B:he is afraid to make the passengers angry and unhappy
C:he thinks the passengers may be too poor to pay him
D:he is sure that the passengers are really in troubleThis was the first real task I received in my new school. It seemed simple: go on the Internet and find information about a man named George Washington. As I searched the name, I found that there were two famous people having the same name who looked completely different! One invented hundreds of uses for peanuts , while the other led some kind of army across America. I looked at the screen, wondering which one my teacher meant. I called my grandfather for a golden piece of advice: let the coin decide. I flipped  a coin and ah! Tails  ! My report would be about the great man who invented peanut butter, George Washington Carver.
Weeks later, I stood in front of the classroom and proudly read my homework. But things started to get strange. I looked around the room, only to find my classmates with big smiles on their faces and tears in their eyes and my stone-faced teacher. I was completely lost. "What could be causing everyone to act this way?"
Oh well, I dropped the paper and sat down at my desk, burning to find out what I had done wrong. As a classmate began his report, it all became clear, "My report is on George Washington, the man who started the American War of Independence." The whole world became quiet! How could I know that my teacher meant that George Washington?
Of course, my subject result was awful. Sad but fearless, I decided to turn this around. I talked to the headmaster Miss Lancelot, but she said firmly: No re-dos; no new score. I felt that it was not fair, and I believed I should get a second chance. So I threw myself heartily into my work for the rest of the school year. Ten months later, I sat in the headmaster's office again, but this time a completely different conversation. I smiled and flashed back to the terrible moment at the beginning of the year as the headmaster told me I was good enough to skip  the 6th grade and started the 7th grade next term.
The question is: People in the class acted strangely because   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:I was too proud of my homework
B:I mistook what the homework was about
C:the whole world suddenly became quiet
D:the teacher's face turned to a stoneAmericans think much about time. From childhood they learn to value time. They are taught to be on time to go to school, to work and to do everything. When they are having a good time, they say that time goes easily. When a person is dying, they say he is living on a borrowed time.
Time is money. Time is knowledge. Time is everything in America. A working American has to work hard for eight hours a day or forty hours a week. This is the working time. In his free time, he also works hard for more money. Even on Saturday and Sunday he also works hard as usual. In the street you can hardly see a man walking slowly. They walk very fast. In fact, they are running.
They love time because time can bring them money and lots of things. But sometimes they also hate time , because they feel they have become servants of the clock .
The question is: What do the Americans mean by 'Time is money'?
The possible answers are:
A:It is not easy to make money.
B:It takes quite a lot of time to make money.
C:Working hard can bring people health.
D:If someone has time and works hard, he can make much money.In the UK, most children have their lunches at school, but in some schools, parents can choose what their children eat. The children can have a school dinner-a hot, cooked meal; or they can take a packed  lunch with them, which usually includes cold food like sandwiches.
Often parents know what their children want. Cath, a mother of three children, told us, "My children have packed lunches because they say they don't like to have school dinners. So I make three packed lunches every morning."
However, another mother, Susan, made a different choice. She said, "My daughters have a always had school dinners. I think they probably get healthier food at school than a few sandwiches I make for them."
But how healthy are school dinners? Kaz, a father, thought poorly of them. He said, "Fizzy  drinks were offered and I think there were a lot of chips."
Jamie Oliver spent a year working in a school kitchen. He was worried about the unhealthy food which included burgers, pizzas and chips. So he tried to cook healthy food such as good stews and curries for the children instead.
So Jamie improved the school dinners, and trained the dinner ladies to cook healthy food in that school. Then he advised the government to improve school food across the country. And it seems that the changes have begun.
Anna, a pupil, told us, "We used to have a fast food window where you got chips and coke, but they stopped that this year. There's a salad restaurant, which is good, so it's healthier than it was."
,.
The question is: _    would like the children to have the school meals.
The possible answers are:
A:Cath
B:Susan
C:Kaz
D:JamieAmy likes fast food very much. She wants to go to McDonald's for dinner today. She asks Brian to take her there.
Amy: Do you like McDonald's?
Brian: It's OK. But you know eating too much food there is not good for your health.
Amy: I know. But I like junk food.
Brian: Why?
Amy: It's _ .
Brian: Yeah, right. Fat and salt.
Amy: I don't care.
Brian: You're all right. Quite slim .
Amy: Let's go.
(Amy and Brian stand in front of the counter.)
Waitress: What would you like?
Amy: A cheeseburger, a small fries, and a cup of orange juice.
Waitress: 4.5 dollars.
Amy: OK.
Waitress: How about you?
Brian: A chicken sandwich and a cup of milk.
Waitress: That would be 2.5 dollars.
Brian: Here you are.
Waitress: Thanks.
The question is: Who likes fast food?
The possible answers are:
A:Amy.
B:Brian.
C:Amy's sister.
D:Brian's brother.Tony has always loved going to the beach. He spends as much time there as he can. It was a bright, sunny day. The beach was full by the time Tony and his mum got there. It seemed  that  everyone had the same idea today. When they found a spot , Tony sat down and began to relax.
Soon Tony noticed something strange. There was an empty water bottle in the sand. Then, a paper bag was blowing down by the water. People had littered all over the beach!
Tony was mad. His mum explained that a lot of people littered  instead of using garbage cans . If Tony wanted to stop it, he would have to work to save the beach.
He worked hard. Tony got a group to help clean up. He put up signs saying" _ " and got his town to add more garbage cans in the area. Most of all, he let people know how bad littering is for the environment.
Tony   worked hard to make a difference!
The question is: Who went to the beach with Tony?
The possible answers are:
A:His best friend.
B:His dog.
C:His mum.
D:Nobody.Miss. Green taught Physics  in a London school. Last month she explained to one of her classes about sound, and she decided to test them to see how well she did in her work. She said to them, "Now, I have a sister in Washington. If I was calling her on the telephone, and at the same time you were 20 metres away, and listened to me from the other side of the street, who would hear what I said earlier, my sister or you? And why?" The cleverest boy answered at once, "Your sister, Miss. Green, because electricity   travels faster than sound waves."
"That's very good." Miss. Green said. But then one of the girls put up her hand. Miss. Green said, "Yes, Betty?""I don't think so," Betty said. "Your sister would hear you earlier because when it's eleven o'clock here, it's six o'clock in Washington."
The question is: She wanted to know  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:whether  her students could tell which was faster, electricity or sound waves
B:whether her students could hear from 20 metres away
C:whether she could call her sister in Washington
D:whether her sister could hear her in WashingtonIs it true ?
1.Wearing the wrong type of glasses will do harm to your eyes .
This is not true for adults , although incorrect glasses may not be good for children under 10 . Ready-made glasses , and not wearing when you should , won' t do harm to your eyes , but you may see better with glasses that are specially made for you .
2.Watching too much television is bad for you eyes .
This is not true. People with easily affected eyes may find they get red and aching from staring at a fixed distance for long periods , but there won' t be any lasting effects .
3. Carrots will help you see in the dark. Carrots are rich in beta-carotene, which the body can change into vitamin A, too little of which can cause night blindness. However , people in most countries don' t need to worry about vitamin A deficiency , night blindness is more likely to be connected with another vision problem .
The question is: Watching too much television can cause   _   .
The possible answers are:
A:night blindness
B:lasting eye problems
C:a number of vision problems
D:eye trouble for a limited timeNew Baby Brother
I was sitting in school when I heard the news.
"Your baby brother is born,and wants to see you!"
Dad got me from school and to the hospital with no delay.
Hurrying on our journey,he almost forgot the way!
My brother's hands were tiny,and wrinkly soft, like a prune.
After he smiled at me,Mom said, "He'll come home soon!"
Everyone "oohing" and "aahing",they say "He is so sweet.
And one day he'll walk around on those little baby feet!"
The question is: The writer was   _   when hearing the news.
The possible answers are:
A:at school
B:at home
C:in the hospital
D:in the storeReading Oliver James'Affluenza, I thought about what often happens at home. My 12-year-old daughter is in tears."I have so take a test tomorrow. I don't understand any of it," she cries out. After shouting and shutting her door, she calms down enough to go through her notes. The following dry I ask her how the test went and the just says "OK,I got a nine".
"Wow. well done!" I say, before she finishes with "But I never get a ten!"
According to James, this _ with getting top marks has been a bad development, which encourages people to think of education in terms of work and money. To test this, I asked my daughter why she was so worried about her tests. She looked at me as if I was thick. "Well, if I don't get good grades, I won't be able to afford nice things like a car and stuff."
I was quite surprised, because I don't consider myself a pushy parent. But James suggests and it leaves students feeling failures even if they are very bright. He points to the Danish system of education as a better model. Creating happy citizens who have good social skills is seen as more important than high achievements at school or the needs of business.
For me, I cannot remember the last time I had to work out the area of a circle, recite a Shakespeare poem or grammar rules, yet I have lived a happy life. What I really needed to learn at school was how to make polite conversations, or how to avoid getting into debt or how to develop good personality.
This is in fact similar to what Oliver James really has in mind. And he is looking for schools where students are encouraged to find and follow their own interests, something more like Tongjon. Tongjon has been developed in some Korean private schools. It is quite different from the more rigid system of learning things by heart that is used in Korea, and indeed in many other school systems around the world.
As the Russian poet Pushkin said," Inspiration is needed in geometry just as much as in poetry ",and inspiration does not come from endlessly revising for tests or getting worried about them .
The question is: What can we infer from the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:Social skills are as important as high grades.
B:Interest in grades can shake self-confidence.
C:The writer regrets not having studied hard at school.
D:Danish educational system is for very smart students.Small talks
A small talk is a good way to kill time and make friends. When you are in other countries, do you know how to have small talks with people?
In England, people like to talk about the weather, because the weather there _ very often. In the morning, it is sunny, but in can be cloudy or rainy in the afternoon. It often rains, but sometimes it's sunny. And the winter isn't very cold and the summer isn't very hot.
English people are kind of quiet. They don't often talk to others first, but when you ask them about the weather, they are usually happy and want to talk with you, so you can start a small talk by saying, " It's a fine day, isn't it?"
They also like to talk about their pets, so it's nice to say "A lovely dog! What's its name?" to them. But American people like to talk about sports like football and basketball. They also talk about clothes. The weather is a great talk in America, too.
A good small talk can make you feel great, so when you are in England or America, please follow these rules.
The question is: From the passage, we can know   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:the weather in England is very cold
B:a small talk is important to many people
C:only English people like talking about the weather
D:English people don't like petsLast year in the UK at least 45 people died and 900 more were injured  in car accidents where drivers were using their mobile phones. Yet many people continue to use them while driving even though it' s dangerous.
Research has shown that it is difficult to concentrate on  driving and talking at the same time. It can even be more dangerous than driving after drinking too much. A recent study found that when drivers were talking on their mobile phones, their stopping times were 30 percent slower than when they had drunk too much - and nearly 50 percent slower than when they were driving normally. It also found that drivers talking on mobile phones were less able to control their cars than drunk drivers.
And talking isn't even the most serious problem, but texting is. Unbelievably, another recent study reported that 22% of adults admitted  they had sent a text message while driving at least once in the past month. An average  text message takes 90 seconds to write and send. That means for one and a half minutes a driver is looking at their phone's screen and not at the road. The arrival of new smart phones such as the iPhone will only make things worse as they will allow users to do more things than ever before.
Using a mobile phone while driving puts others' lives at risk. No matter how well we drive, if another driver is*not careful, we are put in danger by their actions. Such drivers are selfish, careless and should have their driving  licenses   cancelled.
There is no doubt that mobile phones can be fun and are useful, especially when you're in trouble.
But there is no need to use them while driving. Just wait until you stop or you will probably get into trou-ble of your own.
The question is: Why will new types of mobile phones make the driving problem worse?
The possible answers are:
A:It will take longer to send text messages.
B:People will want to talk on their phones more often.
C:There will be more things for people to do with their phones.
D:People think the new phones are easier and safer to use.I'm Dale.I'm a green and yellow pencil ease.What's this? Oh, it's Helen, a pen.And that's Frank, a ruler.Helen is black and Frank is blue.What's this in English? It's a jacket, a white jacket.Its name is Alice.What color is the key? Oh, it's black.
,.
The question is: The    _    and the    _    are black.
The possible answers are:
A:pen; jacket
B:jacket; key
C:key; pen
D:pencil ease; rulerMobile phone has become a problem for high schools. Some high-school students in Australia are not allowed to carry mobile phones during school hours.
Mobile phone used among children has become a problem for the school. Several children have got mobile phones as Christmas presents, and more students will want them. Marry Brown, a headmaster, said that mobile phone was a distraction  to students during school hours and it also gave teachers so much trouble in their classrooms. Teachers were also saying that sometimes students might use phone messages to _ during exams. She said some schools had tried to ban  mobile phones. Some parents felt unhappy because they couldn't get in touch with their children.
Many teachers said students should not have mobile phones at school. But there was a good reason that they could leave their phones at school offices. They also said they were easily lost and were a distraction for studies.
The question is: Some children get mobile phones from   _   as presents.
The possible answers are:
A:the makers and sellers
B:the passers-by and strangers
C:their parents and friends
D:some mobile phone usersI live with my grandmother in a Beijing yard house. One day last year, I was surprised to see a big foreigner coming out of the house next door to ours. He was very tall with short brown hair and a pair of glasses.
The first time I saw him, I was too shy to speak to him. "My English is too poor!" I thought. My grandmother told me that he had just moved into our yard. "I don't like it!" she said. "Foreigners aren't like us. Maybe he'll play loud music and parties every night! I'm sure he's going to cause trouble."
Several days later, I met the foreigner as I was walking home after work. "Hello!" he said (in Chinese!). "My name's Tony. I've just moved into the house next door to yours." While I was wondering what to say, he continued, "There's a nice bar down the road. Why don't you and your family come and have dinner with me?" "Bars are bad places," said my grandmother when I told her, but we decided to go.
The bar was not at all what I had expected. It was in a beautiful little yard house, with several large bookshelves and pictures of Tibet on the walls. Several Chinese people and foreigners were sitting drinking or reading books. I noticed that some of the foreigners were speaking Chinese in a low voice to each other! "Oh, what a civilized place!" my grandmother exclaimed.
The bar served special "hutong pizzas". As we ate, Tony told us about himself-he is an English expert in environment. He always likes to be quiet. My grandmother said to me, "He really seems like a very nice young man."
The question is: From the sentence "Bar are bad places", we can know that the grandmother  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:was very excited
B:didn't go to the bar
C:didn't like bars
D:was angry with TonyMr. Clark was a very busy man. He always worked hard. He often forgot his family's birthdays.Yesterday afternoon, he remembered it was Mrs. Clark, his wife's birthday.  He loved his wife. He wanted to give her a gift. On his way home from his hospital he bought some nice flowers in a shop.
When Mr. Clark got home, he gave his wife the flowers and said," Happy birthday to you, dear! It's September 28thtoday. I remembered your birthday this year." Mrs. Clark laughed and said ," My birthday was the day before yesterday. But thank you all the same. Better later than never!"
The question is: Mr. Clark was  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:a teacher
B:a farmer
C:an office worker
D:a doctorToday is Friday. Peter has six classes today. He goes to school at 7:30 a.m. At 8:00 a.m., he begins his first class. The first class is English. At 9:00 a.m., he has math. Peter likes math because it's interesting. At 10:00 a.m. she has a biology class. Peter thinks it's very boring. Then at 11:00 a.m., he has a history class. That's his favorite subject. He can learn a lot about the past from history.
Peter has lunch at school at about 12:00. Then he has a short _ . At 1:30 p.m., he has a music class. At 2:30 p.m., he has a P.E. class. Peter likes this afternoon, because music and P.E. are easy and interesting. School is over at 4:00 p.m. Peter is happy because he can go home and have a good time on Saturday and Sunday.
,.
The question is: Which is true ?
The possible answers are:
A:Peter gets up at 7:30 in the morning.
B:Peter thinks math is difficult and boring.
C:Peter doesn't have lunch at home on weekdays.
D:Peter is not happy on Friday afternoon.My sister Sharon and I look very _ . She's tall, and I'm short. She has short curly dark (,) hair, and I have long straight blond hair. We both have dark eyes, but Sharon wears glasses, and I don't. And she always wears large earrings  . I don't wear earring.
Sharon and I do many things together  . We watch movies together, and we often go shopping. We play tennis together every Saturday. Often, people don't know that Sharon and I are sisters, because we look so different. But we are also good friends.
The question is: The two sisters both  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:wear glasses
B:have blond hair
C:like earrings
D:have dark eyesGrace and I are good friends. We get on very well with each other, though sometimes we fight. I remember last year we didn't talk with each other for a long time before Mid-Autumn Day. But when we met each other that day, we became good friends again.
We both study well. We like talking about the problems in our studies.We also like making up  stories.We made one up in English last month. It was called "Magic Sunflower Club".  I think this is a wonderful name.
Grace is tall and active. She does better in  P.E. than me.  She is good at music. She plays the piano so well that sometimes birds come to listen to her.
I'm shorter and quieter than Grace. I know a lot about science. I often have some new ideas. I'm good at math and art. Our teacher says my drawing is getting better and better. If we don't know something very well, we help each other. So we never have any problems.
The question is: What do they often talk about?
The possible answers are:
A:Music and Songs.
B:The problems in their studies.
C:What they do out of class.
D:Their school and teachers.Yao Beina was not only a popular singer but also an energetic and warm-hearted angel. She  donated her corneas to two men after her death.
Yao was born in a music family in September 1981 in Wuhan. She started to learn music at the age of 4,  and  she sang her first song on the stage when she was 9. Yao did quite well in singing, so she took part in the 13th  Youth Singing Competition and won the first prize.
She became well-known to the pubic after making some songs for the hit TV drama The Legend of Zhenhuan , and the mandarin version of Let It Go from Disney's Frozen . In July  2013, she competed in The Voice of China II and finally got the second place in Na Ying's team. She had won  many music prizes.
Yao Beina was unlucky to be diagnosed with breast cancer . She had a successful operation in 2011. She has fought against the illness for about four years while keeping singing, but sadly she failed. Although she's gone, her fans will remember her beautiful voice and kindness forever.
The question is: Which is TRUE about Yao Beina according to the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:She donated her corneas to help two men.
B:She had a great voice and won a few music prizes.
C:She won over the breast cancer in the end.
D:she sang her first sang on the stage at the age of 4Let's look at the picture. The boy's name is John. The girl in a white blouse is his sister, Rose. The other one in a yellow blouse is his sister, Mary. John and his sisters are students in No. 11 Middle School. The two sisters are in Class Three, Grade One, but John is in Class Two, Grade Two. The man and woman are their father and mother. The man is a worker and the woman is a teacher. The old man and the old woman are John's grandfather and grandmother. The family is a big one.
The question is: There are   _   people in the family.
The possible answers are:
A:five
B:six
C:seven
D:eightMr Brown is one of my friends. He can run very fast and likes to show people how fast he can run. One day, a thief got into his house, took some of his things and ran out of  the house fast. Mr Brown found it and ran after him, and shouted, "Hey! Don't you know you can't get away from me."But the thief ran much faster, Mr Brown got angry and ran faster, too. He was soon a few kilometers away from his house, he was running hard when he met me. "Why are you running so fast?" I asked. "I want to catch a thief," said Mr Brown. "But where is the thief?" I asked. "Kilometers and kilometers behind," said Mr Brown _ , "He thought he could run faster than me, but you see he is wrong."
The question is: Did Mr Brown catch the thief?
The possible answers are:
A:Yes, he did.
B:No, he didn't.
C:Yes, but he let him go away.
D:No, but his friend did.The English Fashion recently asked people about their wonderful ideas and plans about things they could do.The magazine asked people the following question, "If you had all the money you wanted, what would you like to do?" About 500 people answered the survey question.
Almost half (49%) of the people in the survey said they would buy material things such as a bigger house or a better car.One fifth (20%) of the people said they would travel to the interesting or famous places.17% answered that they would give money to someone else.They would donate money to a charity or to help poor people.More than half of the rest of the people (about 10%) said they would give money to help medical research .All the other people in the English Fashion survey said they would save money in the bank.They said they didn't know what they would like to do right now, but perhaps in a few years they would find a good use for the money.
"Lots of people think that if they buy bigger and better things, they will feel happier," said Dr Mary Wilson. " However," she said, " _ will not last  long.After a while, they won't be happy with them any longer." Dr Wilson thinks the happiest people are those who make a change in people's lives.She thinks those people who give money to someone else or to medical research are thinking more of others at the moment.If they had all the money theywanted, they would change the world.
The question is: What is the English Fashion?
The possible answers are:
A:A book.
B:A magazine.
C:A newspaper.
D:A TV programme.There are 55 students in my class. They come from different places, so they go to school in different ways. Twenty students go to school on foot because they live near the school. Ten students ride the bikes to school because they live not far from the school. Ten students go to school by bus because they live far from the school. Ten students go to school in their parents' car. The other five students go to school by boat, because there is a river between their houses and the school.
The question is: How  many students are there in the class?
The possible answers are:
A:55
B:20
C:10
D:50How do most students spend  their free time? Do they have time to do the things they like? Let's see what some students do during their free time. Ben is eleven. He has a sister, Kate. Both of them like going to the cinema. Every Sunday morning, they go to the town by train and then they go to the cinema because they live in the country  and there is no cinema there. They arrive in the town at noon. They usually have a big lunch in their favourite restaurant first, and then they buy some food in the supermarket  before they go to their favourite cinema called Star Cinema. They like it because the seats there are comfortable and the films shown in the cinema are always the newest. They always have a good time on Sundays, but when the weather is bad or they are busy with their homework, they can't go.
The question is: They can't go to the cinema when   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:it is fine
B:they want to watch TV
C:they have little homework
D:the weather is bad or they get too much homeworkWang Jiaming from Beijing Chenjinglun High School says he is a lucky boy. He's happy that he's sitting the senior high school entrance exam   in 2014 instead of 2016.
On Oct 22, Beijing Municipal Commission of Education   announced that, from 2016, the English scores in the senior high school entrance exam will be reduced from 120 to 100. Of the 100 points, the listening ability scores will increase to 50. Meanwhile, the points for Chinese will increase from 120 to 150.
"The change won't affect me. I feel so lucky because English is my strongest subject," said Wang.
Why such a change? It places the importance on Chinese in our study, and reduces students' stress, said Li Yi, spokesman of the commission.
"The change will also push us to pay attention to the practical usage   of English," said Li. "Students will be encouraged to learn to understand English menus and read English news on mobile phones."
There isn't news that other cities will have the same change. But several places are making changes to English tests in the college entrance exams. For example, Shandong is considering taking out the listening part of the English exam in its college entrance exams.
But, "being tested for less points doesn't mean the subject _ ," Bai Ping wrote in China Daily.
English has long been the world's most commonly used language. Former Chinese premier Zhu Rongji once said: "In a globalizing economy  , if you cannot communicate with foreigners, how can one be part of the world economy?"
Wang Jiaming said he understood the change.
"Chinese, not English, is our mother tongue  ," he said. "But still, I think English is both interesting and useful."
The question is: In the Beijing senior high school entrance exam of 2016,   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:the English scores will be cut down to 100
B:the English listening ability scores will be lowered
C:the points for Chinese will be reduced by 30 points
D:the points for chemistry will increase by 20 pointsMy name is Sam. I joined a club called "passing help" last month. Now let me tell you why I joined it.
One evening this May, on my way home my old car broke down .It was 25 miles from my home. I wanted to get a ride , but there was no car. It was also hard to take a taxi. I decided to take a bus home .I went to a bus stop nearby. After a while, a bus came, but it did not go to my town , the bus driver was a young woman. She was kind and she told me which bus I should take. I waited there for about thirty minutes,but no bus came .At last a car came to me and a woman came out of the car .She was just the bus driver.  "When I reached the bus station,I got to know that the bus to your town couldn't  come ,so I returned here .I just can't leave you here ,"she said , " Get in my car and I will take you back to your home."
"It is a long way." I said.
"Come on,sir, "she said,"Let's go."
On the way,she told me a story. A few days ago,there wasn't gas in her car. An old man drove her up to a gas station and then back to her car.
When we got to my home,I wanted to give her some money to thank her,but she didn't accept her. "I only want to help others and do something nice for somebody. Pass it along. " she said.
The question is: What happened to Sam one evening this May?
The possible answers are:
A:He lost his way.
B:His car broke down.
C:He was hurt in an accident.
D:He couldn't reach the gas station.Except for a few times, Americans are not big present-givers. There's no exchange of presents among business people, and if one American tries to give another a present, it may look like that he wants to bribe   him. Americans have learned that in some other countries people like to give presents to others, but among ourselves we don't see the need for presents.
Even friends may never exchange presents. When I go to foreign countries, I try to bring back little things for _ but nobody would feel unhappy if I didn't. I don't often remember a friend's birthday, and few people outside of my family remember mine. If someone gave me presents too often, I'd get unpleasant. But a present from a foreigner - that kind from his or her homeland -- won't go wrong, except to government employees   who can't be given presents.
You usually open a present at once and in front of the person who gives it except Christmas and birthday presents. You should only say, "It's so nice. Thanks..." when you get Christmas or birthday presents.
You may want to bring a bottle of wine   or flowers to a dinner party, but you're
never asked to.  Nobody will mind if you bring wine, but your friend may not use it that evening.
At Christmas we often give presents to our family and sometimes our friends. We also give presents to people who have been helpful during the year- doormen, babysitters, housecleaners, newspaper senders-- anyone who has often helped us.
The question is: What is the main idea of the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:Present-giving in the United States.
B:Customs   in the United States.
C:American people and present-giving.
D:When and how to give presents.Problem:
I'm bored. We have a day off because of the heavy rain. If you didn't go to school today, what would you do? Why? Linda
Some advice:
If I were you, I would be at home doing something, such as making my bed or helping my mother do some chores. That way, my room would be clean and my parents would be happy. Tina
I would do what I love! Maybe I would help Mom do some cooking. I would learn how to make dumplings. Kathy
I don't have enough time in one day to do all the things I want to. People who get bored usually don't have a good imagination  . There are lots of different books to read, websites to surf, people to visit and things to make. June
Well, if I were you, I would watch a good movie and then take a good nap  . Your brain   and body will then be relaxed and ready for classes the next day. Lisa
,. (10)
The question is: June would do all of the following EXCEPT
The possible answers are:
A:visit friends
B:surf the Internet
C:read books
D:lie in bedWelcome to our food shop. All kinds of food are on sale! Do you need vegetables? We have many kinds of vegetables. They are not dear. Do you like milk? We have good milk, like Guangming, Mengniu and Yili, for just two yuan a bottle. Do you like chicken? Chicken is for just twelve yuan a kilo. Beef  is for just eighteen yuan a kilo. Fish is for eight yuan a kilo. Come with your family and friends!
,.
The question is: A kilo of chicken is   _   yuan.
The possible answers are:
A:2
B:12
C:20
D:24The Quest Centre
Set in the wild Welsh countryside, the Quest Centre offers a wide range of activities for teenagers, from archery to rope climbing. Want to try something new? Why not take part in one of our special adventure activities?
MOUNTAIN BIKING
25th March--8th April, 10:00 a.m.--6:00 p.m.
Want to put your mountain bike to the test? Join our guide for a ride on the wild side. Cost: PS15 per ride.
CLIMBING
1st--30th April, 10:00 a.m.--6:00 p.m.
Try out your mountain-climbing skills in the local countryside. Don't worry! We won't be doing anything dangerous: just short, safe climbs. Cost: PS130 per person.
SURVIVAL TECHNIQUES
Daily, all year round, 10:00 a.m.--5:00 p.m.
Equip yourself with basic survival skills by taking part in this special 1-day course absolutely free of charge. Learn survival techniques like how to light a fire, build a shelter, find food and water, and cook over a campfire.
ABSEILING AND ROPE CLIMBING
27th August, 10:00 a.m.--8:00 p.m.
If you've been dying to learn about abseiling and rope climbing, now is your chance! Ken Wallace, our professional coach, will teach you everything you need to know on this special 1-day course. Cost: PS150 per person.
Please note:
Phone the number at the bottom of the page for an application form.
All activities are suitable for beginners.
20% DISCOUNT   for groups of 6 or more.
The Quest Centre: St Davids, Wales  Telephone: (0800)34655
The question is: Kate and her family want to choose an activity during the May Day holiday, they can choose  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:climbing
B:survival techniques
C:mountain biking
D:abseiling and rope climbingLook, this is a photo of Mr. White's family. The man in the photo is Mr. White, the father. The woman is the mother. They have two daughters. The girl behind Mr. White is Mary. She's 14. The girl behind Mrs. White is Jane. She is 11. Mary and Jane are in the same school, but not the same grade. Mary is in Grade2. Jane is in Grade 1. They are good students.
The question is: Mr. and Mrs. White have  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:one son and one daughter
B:two sons
C:two daughters
D:one sonWill it matter if you don't have your breakfast? There were a test in the US. People of different ages, from 12 to 83, took the test. During the test, these people got all kinds of breakfasts and sometimes they got no breakfast at all. Scientists wanted to see how well they worked after they ate different kinds of breakfasts.
The result shows that if a person eats a right breakfast , he or she will work better than if he or she has no breakfast. If a student has fruit, eggs, bread and milk before going to school, he will learn more quickly and listen more carefully in class.
The result is different from what some people think. It shows having no breakfast will not help them lose weight.  This is because they become so hungry at noon that they eat too much for lunch. In fact, they will gain weight.  But they will lose more weight if they _ other meals.
The question is: The result shows that  _
The possible answers are:
A:breakfast has great effect on people's work and studies
B:breakfast has no effect on people's work
C:a person will work better if he only has fruit and milk
D:students should have little for breakfastWhat do you think about mistakes? Maybe you say no one likes making mistakes. But mistakes lead to growth.
Converge Magazine recently published articles about mistakes students should make. It suggests students need to live a balanced life, even in the college environment.
According to the topic of the article, there are four mistakes students should make. The mistakes include:
Think they pick the wrong major  
A student should explore any possibility that interests him, and future careers might just be around the corner. Remember, if you don't know what to do, it's OK!
Think their teachers know everything
Students may think of their teachers as gods who know everything, but that really is not the case. Students should know teachers are the ones who can help us understand better. Students can research answers on their own and get their own opinions instead of having their teachers tell them the answers.
Think they get too involved
Getting good grades is very important, but it's only a part of the life. Joining clubs and learning about social situations are all good for teenagers' growth. It will not only make the students more knowledgeable but also create interest in their education.
Think taking a day off is a waste of time
Now, students are under too much pressure. It's necessary for them to relax now and then. But they always keep in mind how that might influence their schoolwork. Take a day off to relax, and you may get an energetic student the next day. Just don't do it too often.
The question is: Which of the following is NOT true according to the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:Making mistakes is good for growth.
B:Students can learn everything from the teachers.
C:Joining clubs helps students learn a lot.
D:It's necessary for students to live a balanced life.Mr. and Mrs. Green had different ideas about where to go that weekend. Mrs. Green wanted to go to Florida to see her sister, but Mr. Green didn't want to go there. He wanted to go to Maine. "Maine is a little cold," said Mrs. Green. "I like swimming, but the water in Maine is usually not warm enough." "Florida's too far," said Mr. Green. " We don't have enough time to drive there. It'll take us more than two days."
Just then, the phone rang. Mr. Green answered the phone. It was Mr. Green's mother. "Please come in the shortest time. I need help. I'm calling from the hospital in Boston."
They stopped their talking, and in no time they both went away.
The question is: Where did Mr. Green want to go that weekend?
The possible answers are:
A:New York.
B:Maine.
C:Boston.
D:Florida.If you are not happy with China's high Internet fees and slow speed, you are not alone.So is Premier Li Keqiang.On April 14, he said in a meeting that the government should speed up the Internet and lower the fees.
"The first question people ask at a new place is 'Is there WI-FI' because Internet service fees are so high," said Premier Li.According to a recent survey by CCTV, the average cost of 1GB mobile Internet data per month in China is 100 Yuan, while it is only 60 Yuan in the US and 40 in Japan.
However, high prices don't necessarily mean good service.The average Internet speed in China was 4.25Mbps in late 2014.South Korea had the fastest average Internet speed-25.3 Mbps.People can download a 1 GB movie within 6 minutes in South Koreas, but in China it would take half an hour.
To improve Internet services, the key is to build more fiber  networks.Through them we can send text, pictures and videos globally in less than a second, which offer high speed Internet.Besides, the lack of market competition is another problems. _ 
,. (2,10)
The question is: What is the best title for the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:China's Internet Economy.
B:Shopping Online.
C:China Wants Cheaper, Quicker Internet.
D:China Unicom and China TelecomJoe, 75, lived very happily and had a beautiful family. He had four grandchildren, and they all visited him during their holidays.
But while he was working, he lost his favorite watch. Before they came to visit, Joe was preparing his home for the kids: cleaning the house and buying their favorite foods.
The watch was a gift from his deceased   wife when their first child was born, Joe loved the watch very much. He was very upset .
When his grandchildren came, they promised him they would find the watch.
One granddaughter asked: "Grandpa, do you remember when you saw the watch last before it went missing?"
Joe answered: "I guess when I was cleaning the barn ! "
The children looked for more than two hours but could not find it.
One grandson went to search  the barn again, and he asked the others not to follow him and to keep silent .
He was there for about 15 minutes and then rushed to his grandfather. He found the watch!
Joe was surprised and asked how he was able to find it. The little boy said: ;'I sat there without making a noise, and the barn was so silent. After a few minutes, I heard the 'tick, tick' sound and found the watch."
Joe hugged him and thanked the little boy.
This shows the power   of silence. If we stay calm, we are better able to find a solution  !
The question is: Joe felt upset when he found the watch was lost because  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:it was beautiful
B:it was a gift from his wife
C:it was very expensive
D:it was a gift from his first childThe question whether there is life on Mars   has made the public think a lot for more than a century. The closest look showed Mars to be a dusty, cold world, covered by air too thin to breathe. A British spaceship and Europe's Mars spaceship plan to land on Mars or enter orbit   around it. One of the NASA's   spaceships is expected to land on January 3, the other is going to land on the opposite side of Mars on January 24. Since 1960, over twenty spaceships sent to Mars have failed. Most have been lost on flying up or landing because those are the most difficult times of any flights.     Scientists wanted to find out whether there was water in Mars. In October, a team of scientists reported that Mars had been a dry wasteland. But weeks later, a second team reported differently that they had found some marks showed clearly that they were made by the rivers. Such marks told us that Mars was a warmer place billions of years ago -- just as life first appeared here on Earth. Scientists at once raise a question: if what they said is true, what happened on Mars? Then what about the earth?
The question is: Which is right about Mars?
The possible answers are:
A:It's cold without dust.
B:There is no water or air.
C:It's warm with some thin air.
D:It's a dusty, cold world almost without air.A rich American went into a shop in London. He wanted very much to buy a nice looking watch, but the owner of the shop asked five hundred dollars for it. Suddenly a young man came into the shop, took the watch out of the owner's hands and ran out with it. It all happened in a few seconds. When the owner ran out into the street, the young man was already lost among the people.
The American went on. At the next corner, he saw the young man with the watch in his hand. "Do you want to buy a fine watch, sir?" he asked in a low voice. "It's only a hundred dollars." "The young man doesn't know I saw him stealing the watch," he thought. The American paid at once and went back to his room with the watch. He told his friend about the fine watch.
His friend took a look at the watch and started laughing. He said, "You are a fool. This watch isn't worth even ten dollars. I'm sure the shop owner and the young man planned this together."
The question is: Who is foolish ?
The possible answers are:
A:The young man
B:The rich man
C:The shop owner
D:The man's friendIf you are going to Europe, you might consider taking some time to visit Provence. Whether you are interested in beautiful places, ancient history, good food, or music and theater, Provence has something to offer to you.
Provence once was a Roman province and is in the southeast of France now. You will be attracted by its green hills, olive trees, and old towns with pretty houses. Visitors can find forests, colorful flowers, horses, and people with smiles there. Provence is also "the city of dream in Europe." Some people say it is Provence that makes France so romantic.      The place should play an important part in the romantic stories.
The Flowers: Provence is the hometown of lavenders and sunflowers. Lavender means "waiting for love". It also means beautiful. The mountains of Lubero is the most beautiful area across France. And there are also many kinds of lavenders. Compared with the fantastic flowers Lavender, sunflower is a lot warmer. Under the sunlight, thousands of yellow sunflowers are smiling at the sun.
The Food: The people there are well-known for keeping their traditional lifestyles. And in the restaurant, you will have the experience of eating the food that has the too much use of olive oil. The food is fresh and healthy. All the things make Provence become the heaven to those who like delicious food.
The other activities: Provence is the Kingdom of city. They hold many parties, dance, and festivals. You can even see a bullfight in the towns of Arles and Nimes, or enjoy great shows with the famous stars.
May to July are the best tourist months. Not only the red sky, the sweet smell of olive, but also the wonderful lavenders, make Provence send out the breath of romantic.
The question is: According to the passage, which following statement is RIGHT?
The possible answers are:
A:Provence has green hills, olive trees, and new towns with pretty houses.
B:Lavender is warmer than sunflower.
C:If a person likes food, Provence is a wonderful place for him.
D:June is not a good time to visit Provence.Your body is special - no two people in the world are alike , Although you are different from everyone else , you have exactly the same body parts as the people around you , doing different jobs that keep all of us alive .
What is inside my head ?
Your head _ the most valuable part of your body - your brain . As you are reading , your eyes send pictures to your brain which makes meaning from what you see . Your brain helps you to remember and think , and makes sure your body is doing what it should .
What is my skin  for ?
Your skin covers your body . In most parts of your body , the skin is just as thick as half a centimeter . If you have your skin cut , it will have a quick cure and stop viruses from getting into your body . Your skin also helps you feel the heat and coldness of the environment around you . Hair grows from inside the skin . When you feel hot , extra heat comes out through your skin . As a result , your body temperature drops .
How do I move ?
Muscles  are found in most parts of your body . They work with your bones to help you move - whenever you cry or smile , eat or speak , walk or dance , etc .
Why do I breathe ?
Your body needs to take in oxygen from the air and give out the unwanted carbon dioxide in the body . When you breathe , air comes through your nose and mouth into your lungs  where oxygen flows to different parts of your body .
What makes me sneeze ?
When dust or a strong smell gets into your nose , you sneeze . This is the way your body cleans up the dust in your nose . Your lungs push out the air and try to clear your nose .
What does my heart do ?
Your heart is a very special muscle . It is slightly bigger than your fist   and grows bigger as you do . If you place your hand on your heart , you will feel your heart beating which forces blood to move around your body .
The question is: What is the true fact about your body ?
The possible answers are:
A:Our heart is the same size from birth .
B:We take in carbon dioxide to stay alive .
C:Our muscles stop working when we nod .
D:Sneezing is a way to clear our nose .People call the Winter Olympics the White Olympics. At this time, they publish  many stamps to mark  the great games. The first stamps came out on January 25th, 1932 in the United States for the 3rd White Olympics. From then on , publishing stamps during the White Olympics became a rule.
During the 4th Winter Olympics, people published a group of stamps in November 1936. They drew five rings of Olympics. It was the first time that the rings appeared  on the stamps of the White Olympics.
In the 1950s,the stamps of this kind became more colorful. When the White Olympics came, the host countries as well as non-host countries published stamps to mark those games. China also published four stamps in February 1980 when the Chinese sportsmen began to take part in the White Olympics.
In Asia, Japan was the only country to hold the White Olympics. They sold 14,500 million stamps during the Olympics.
People drew different kinds of sports on these small stamps, and they enjoyed the wonderful sports and some excellent players.
The question is: The White Olympics and the Winter Olympics   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:are the same thing
B:are different games
C:are not held in winter
D:are held in summerA young man once went to buy a pair of pants. When he got home, he went upstairs to his bedroom and put them on. He found that they were two inches  long.
Then he came out of his room to see his mother and his two sisters. They were washing something in the kitchen."These new pants are too long, they need to be shortened  about two inches. Would one of you like to do this for me, please?" His mother and sisters were busy and none  of them said anything. The mother went upstairs after she had finished washing and shortened the pants two inches. But she didn't tell her daughters about it.
Later on, after supper, the elder sister remembered her brother's pants. So she went upstairs without saying to anyone, and shortened the pants two inches.
The younger sister went to the cinema, but when she came back, she also remembered what her brother had said. So she ran upstairs, and took two inches
off the legs of the new pants
The question is: The young man asked   _  to shorten his pants.
The possible answers are:
A:his mother and his two sisters
B:his mother and one of his sister
C:his mother
D:his mother or one of his two sistersWhile many women are busy with planning their bridal showers  , a baby shower usually comes as a complete surprise. A baby shower is a party where a pregnant   woman is "showered" with gifts and good wishes. A baby shower is usually given by a close female friend or a relative of the mother-to-be. Sometimes co-workers of a pregnant person will also hold a baby shower for her.
The baby shower is usually given when the mother-to-be is between 6 and 9 months pregnant. _ the date of a baby's birth isn't always exact. Sometimes a baby shower can also happen after the baby is born. A baby shower can be held in someone's home or outside, like in a restaurant or a catering hall. Traditionally only women are invited to a baby shower. However, more and more baby showers are also including the father-to-be.
Like a bridal shower, a mother-to-be will register   a wish list of things she wants at one or several stores. This list usually includes things the mother wants for her baby like clothes, diapers and even furniture. This way friends and family members can go to the stores and buy something from the list. Registering helps make sure that there aren't repeat items, like 30 bottles when a new mom only needed 15.
At a baby shower, people can give cards with wishes for the new baby and mom. Most of these cards also include money or gift cards to help the mom-to-be buy whatever else she needs for the baby. Sometimes there are games as well. In one game everyone guesses the date of the baby. Another game lets people taste baby food and guess the flavor.
The question is: What can friends and family members do at a baby shower?
The possible answers are:
A:Play games.
B:Get some money and gifts.
C:Feed the baby.
D:Register a wish list of things.Learning English is just like learning to ride a bicycle. When learning English becomes a kind of habit, everything will become easier.
Please think about how we learned to ride a bicycle. There are four stages  : At the first stage, the child doesn't know what it is to ride a bicycle, nor can he ride. So look at ourselves, when we learned English at the first time, we were also in this condition.
And then is the second stage. Although the child cannot ride himself, he grows and understands what it is to ride a bicycle. So, at this time, teachers are our navigation   marks.
So according to this, we are just like the child starting to learn and now come to the third stage. He can ride a bicycle but has to think every time how to do it.
At last, the fourth stage comes when the child has practiced consciously   riding the bicycle so much that he doesn't have to think. Riding a bicycle becomes a kind of habit. He can talk to people and wave   to others while riding.
Learning English is just like learning to ride a bicycle. When learning becomes a kind of habit, we'll find we can be successful not only in English but also in other subjects. When learning becomes a kind of habit, I think, no, I believe, one day we'll succeed and the success will belong to us forever.
,,.
The question is: The writer is talking about   _   .
The possible answers are:
A:a kind of learning habit
B:how to ride bikes
C:English learning
D:English learning is the same as riding a bikeVery few people enjoy exams. I don't, either. And although I tell myself not to worry about them, I always do! So I'm not surprised that my students worry about them, too, even though they usually don't need to. Because they are afraid of failing. However, since it is hard not to worry at all, we all must try not to worry too much. Why? Because worrying makes exams worse! How to do this?
Ask the teacher about how to revise and about exam skills--how to work when you are in the exam. Good students don't wait until the week before an exam. They study all through the year. It is not possible to learn everything at the last minute. So don't leave it till then.
If you start planning and working for each exam early and you make sure that you understand what you're studying, then, when it is over, you'll be able to say, "What a good exam that was!"
Take a short rest during your time of work and revision. If your mind is tired, it won't remember well. Work at the time when you know you'll work at your best.
If you're studying in the evening, don't go straight to bed afterwards. Your mind will still be "going round and round"--thinking too much. Do something else, maybe walk or get exercise. Choose something that will relax you, and make you think of other things.
If you feel bad, talk to someone about your worries. But don't be too relaxed! Some stress over exams makes you work hard for them.
The question is: Which is NOT mentioned in the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:Good students don't wait until the week before an exam.
B:Start planning and working for each exam early.
C:If you don't know how to work for an exam, ask the teacher about it.
D:You should sleep well before the exam.Mrs. Sato is sad. It is her birthday, and she has no families with her. Her husband died in 1985. Her daughter doesn't live in the same city. Her son is working. Mrs. Sato goes to the telephone and calls a company in Tokyo, Japan. "Hello", a woman answers. "Hello", Mrs. Sato says. "I'd like to rent a family." "What would you like ?" the woman asks Mrs. Sato. "A son, A daughter ,Some grandchildren. " "I'd like to rent a daughter, a son-in-law, and two grandchildren, "Mrs. Sato says.
At seven o'clock that evening, four actors come to Mrs. Sato's house----a woman, a man, and two children. "Happy Birthday!"the actors say. The actors are with Mrs. Sato for three hours. They talk with her, eat dinner with her, and watch TV with her. Then they go home. Mrs. Sato is happy.
The question is: Mrs. Sato is sad because   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:her husband died
B:her daughter lives far away
C:no families come for her birthday
D:her son is workingLife in the future will be different from life today.
The population  is growing fast. There will be more people in the world and most of them will live longer.
Computer will be much smaller and more useful, and there will be at least one in each home. And computer science will be one of the most important subjects in school then.
People will work fewer hours than they do now, and they will have more free time for sports, watching TV and travel.
Our food will be different, too. More land  will be used for building new towns and houses for people. So there will be less land for cows and sheep, and meat will be more expensive. Maybe no one will eat it one day. They will eat more fruits and vegetables.
Work in the future will also be different. Robots will do dangerous and hard work. Because of this, many people will have no jobs to do. This will be a big problem in the future.
,.
The question is: One big problem in the future is that   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:Many people will do dangerous and hard work
B:people have to work fast
C:robots will do all the work
D:many people won't have jobs to doBilly Dengler, a 14-year-old boy, is in the eighth grade. A month after he was born, Billy's mother, Terri, noticed that his eyes weren't quite as big as a normal baby's. She took Billy to the hospital, and the doctor said Billy would never be able to see.
Although Billy can't see, he has never let that hold him back or make him different. Billy began teaching himself computer programming by using a screen reader when he was just seven years old. He is a certified Google developer   now. Google even tried to offer him a job last year when he discovered a problem in one of its _ , but Billy wasn't old enough.
Billy's dream school would be Stanford University or MIT, where he could get a very good education in computer science. After he leaves school, whether he will go to work at a company like Google or design a software company of his own is still to be decided. However, he says he will definitely   do something great.
"It's a sighted world," Billy said. "You can't let anything get in the way of your dreams, and if you do that, you can't move forward and make your dreams come true."
The question is: We can learn that  _  from the passage.
The possible answers are:
A:blindness is not a big problem
B:it's easy to be a certified Google developer
C:nothing should get in the way of our dreams
D:Billy is a student of Stanford UniversityA famous teacher was speaking to the students at our school.He began his lesson by holding up a Y=100 bill.Then he said to the three hundred students,"Who would like this Y=100 bill?"The students began to put up their hands at once.
Then he said,"I am going to give this Y=100 to one of you,but first,let me do this."He then made the bill into a ball.Then he said,"Who wants it now?"The hands went back into the air.
"Well,"he said,"what if I do this?"and he dropped it on the floor and stepped on it.He picked up the dirty,crumpled bill and said,"Who still wants it?"Hands went back into the air.
"My friends,"he said,"you have learned a valuable lesson today.No matter what I did to the money,you still wanted it because it did not go down in value .It was still worth Y=100!"
Many times in our lives,we are dropped,crumpled,and stepped on by the chances we take and the things that happen to us.We feel as if we are worth nothing.But remember,no matter what has happened to you,you will never lose your value:you are always valuable to those people who love you.Your value doesn't come from what you do or whom you know,but who you are.
You are special and valuable.Don't ever forget it!
The question is: The sentence"Hands went back into the air."means"  _  ".
The possible answers are:
A:The students put up their hands again
B:The students put down their hands
C:The students put their hands behind their backs again
D:The students put their hands in front of themToday, I felt terrible. My head was full of problems and confusion . I decided to take a walk even though I didn't know where to go. The most special thing happened when I was out for this walk.
I saw an old man sitting on a chair. He was a seller of second-hand shoes. I thought he looked at least 70 years old. He seemed so tired and nobody was buying his shoes. I wanted to give him something but I had not brought anything with me.
Then, a little girl came toward him. I heard the child say, "Grandfather, may I polish   your shoes?" That old man took pity on her, smiled and gave her a shoe to polish.
The girl told him she needed money to buy her brother a new school uniform.
"Oh, little girl. Just stop doing this. Come with me and I will buy you a uniform." Then they walked to a market , and he bought her brother a uniform.
The girl said "thanks" to him and left, leaving the old man smiling.
He walked away from the market, but I stopped him. I whispered in his ear, "You are a hero! Thank you for your kindness!"  As I walked away, I looked back and I could see him still smiling.
I was blown away by the kindness I had just seen.  Someone who had so little was so generous! Amazing! My own sadness had completely disappeared, chased way by the light of this kind act.
I began realizing that I have a lot to be thankful for. I hope, some day, I can show my appreciation   of what I have by following the example of the old man. He only had a little, but shared it so beautifully with someone who had nothing.
The question is: From the passage, we know that the old man was  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:rich
B:dishonest
C:selfish
D:poorMike went to a small town  for his holiday. On March 4th, he arrived there. He rent a bike to travel around the town in the day. He visited some places of interest and had lunch in a restaurant. He had a good time. In the evening he stayed at an old hotel  near the train station.
Before going to bed, he went to the owner  of the hotel and said to the old man, "Excuse me, sir. Will you please wake  me up at a quarter to five? I must take the five o'clock train tomorrow morning."
"Oh, sorry," the owner said, "I'm sorry I can't. I never get up so early."
"Do you have a clock? That can help me," asked Mike.
"Yes, here it is."
Mike took the clock to his room. But when he looked at the clock, he found it didn't work. So he went to the owner again.
"Does it _ on time?" he asked the old man.
"Of course! Just shake  it when it's time to get up, and it will _ ."
The question is: Which is WRONG?
The possible answers are:
A:The owner of the hotel was an old man.
B:The owner never got up so early.
C:Mike wanted to take a train on March 4th.
D:There was something wrong with the clock.Most people like watching TV.So does Mary.She doesn't mind soap operas or talk shows.But she can't stand sitcoms,for they are too boring.Sports shows are her favorite programs.She likes sports very much,and she likes watching football matches on TV.
Mary likes women's volleyball,too.She often watches matches on TV,sometimes on the Internet.Her favorite team is the Chinese team.She thinks all the members are _ .
Mary enjoys volleyball,but she isn't good at it.She is good at table tennis.She often plays it with her best friend after school.They are both on the school table tennis team.Sometimes they play with teams from other schools.They have a lot of fun with it.
The question is: Which of the following is TRUE?
The possible answers are:
A:Mary often plays table tennis after school.
B:Mary is good at playing volleyball.
C:Mary only watches volleyball matches on TV.
D:Mary's favorite team is the Japanese team.Dear Lucy,
In your last letter, your asked me how to love to your parents. Here is my advice.
*Make a picture for them. Whether with pencils or paints, it will be a treasure  to them forever.
*Write a letter to them. Take your time to put your thoughts in _ .
*keep your room clean! Though it's a kind of the chore, it shows mom and dad that care.
*Cook them a dinner! It can be some rice , some cheese or some hot dogs; it can give them a break.
*tell them that you love them very often. Your love can make them feel warm and proud.
*Never tell a lie  to them. Probably the biggest way to show them you love them is, never to lie. This shows them that you not only love them, but also believe in and respect  them.
*Create time to be with them. Watch a film with your mom once in a while, or go to a sports match with your dad once in a while just to show them how much you care and want to close with them.
*If you do something wrong, apologize  and explain it! They will know you are sorry. You could do something for them to show you want to make it up to them. Just saying sorry can really show how much you love them.
Yours ,
Agony Aunt
The question is: Watching a film with your mom can   _
The possible answers are:
A:show you want to be close with her
B:make her feel proud
C:cost her a lot of money
D:make both of you healthyPablo Picasso was born in Spain in 1881. His father was a painter and art teacher who gave his son the first lesson in drawing. He won a prize-- "Science and Charity" for his first important painting when he was only fifteen. He studied in several cities in Spain. But there was no one to teach him all that he wanted to know. When he was nineteen, he visited Paris.
Paris was then the center of the world for artists. Everything that was new and exciting in the world of paintings seemed to happen there. When he was twenty-three, Picasso moved there to live and lived in France for the rest of his life.
When he was over ninety, this great painter still lived his life like a young man. He was still looking for new ideas and new ways to use his artistic materials.
When he died in 1973, he was ninety-one years old.
.
The question is: What did he do when he was old?
The possible answers are:
A:He lived his life like a young man.
B:He looked for new ideas.
C:He looked for new ways to use his artistic materials.
D:All the above.Hello! My name is Mike. I am from America. Now I am with my parents. I like breakfast at home. I have an egg, some bread and porridge  for breakfast. I do not like milk. I have no time to go home for lunch. So I have it at school. The lunch in our school is good. I can have different food for lunch. I eat rice, meat and vegetables. Sometimes I have noodles and dumplings. I have dinner at home with my parents. Sometimes we go out to eat with friends. We have chicken, vegetables and fruit.
The question is: Mike is   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:American
B:English
C:Chinese
D:in the USAJohn is an American boy. His family is in China now. John likes chocolates   very much. But his mother doesn't give him any. They are not good for him, she thinks. But John has a very nice grandfather. The old man loves him very much, and sometimes he buys John some chocolates. Then his mother lets John eat them. She wants to make the old man happy. One Sunday evening John says in his room, "Please, God. Make them give me a big box of chocolates tomorrow. It's my birthday." His mother says, "God can't hear you, my boy." "I know, but my grandfather is in the next room. He can hear."
,.
The question is: John comes from  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:China
B:Canada
C:England
D:AmericaFor a student, reading ability is very important in our study. How to read faster and understand better? Here is some advice for you.
1. Find Your Purpose for Reading
Before you start reading, ask yourself why you are reading this book. Most people read for two main reasons---pleasure or knowledge. Being clear about your reading purpose not only helps you to stay away from books that you don't need to read. It also reminds you why reading the. book is important to you when you are reading it. You can easily keep reading and finish the book faster.
2. Read Only What You Are Interested in
Whether you're reading fiction or nonfiction, it's important to enjoy what you read. Your friends may share books they love, but those books might not be the ones you enjoy.
3. Give up Books That You Don't Enjoy
You may have chosen books that agree with your purpose. You may have chosen books that you are interested in. But when you are reading them, there may still be some books that you won't enjoy reading, Whenever you realize that you aren't enjoying the book you are reading, give it up. Remember reading shouldn't be a chore. 4. Give Yourself a Deadline to Finish Each Book
Before you read each book, ask yourself when you need to finish this book by. What I find interesting is that I read books that I borrow from libraries faster than the books I bought. The reason is the books I bought don't have a due date! I don't need to return those books, When you don't set a _ to finish your book. There isn't a sense of urgency . And when something isn't urgent, you will like to put it off.
The question is: When you find that you aren't enjoying the book you are reading, you should  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:share with your friends
B:keep reading it
C:give it up
D:take it easyIn two days, I will be turning 30. And I was not looking forward to a new decade  . I was afraid that the best years of my life were behind me.
One day, I met with my friend Nicholas. He was a 79-year-old man. He noticed something was different about me and asked if anything was wrong. I told him what I was anxious   about and asked him: "What was the best time of your life?"
Without hesitation, Nicholas replied: "Well, Joe, when I was a child in Austria and everything was taken care of for me, that was the best time of my life."
"When I was going to school and learning the things I know today, that was the best time of my life."
"When I got my first job and got paid for my work, that was the best time of my life."
"When I met my wife and fell in love, that was the best time of my life."
"World War IIcame, and my wife and I had to leave Austria to save our lives. When we were together and safe on a ship, that was the best time of my life."
"When I became a young father and watched my children grow up, that was the best time of my life."
"And now, Joe, I am 79 years old. I have my health, I feel good and I am just as in love with my wife as I was the day we met. This is the best time of my life."
The question is: How did the writer feel about his upcoming 30th birthday?
The possible answers are:
A:Excited.
B:Worried.
C:Angry.
D:Tired.London police are well known in the world. Today there are policemen everywhere, but in 1700 there was no policeman in London at all. A few old men used to protect the city streets at night, and they were not paid very much.
About 300 years ago, London started to get bigger. The city was very dirty and many people were poor. There were so many thieves who stole money in the streets that people had to stay in their homes as much as possible.
In 1750, Henry Fielding started to pay a group of people to stop thieves. They were like policemen and were called "Bow Street Runners" because they worked near Bow Street.
Fifty years later, there were 120 Bow Street Runners, but London had become very big and needed more policemen. So, in 1829, the first London Police Force was started with 3,000 officers. Most of the men worked on foot, but a few rode horses. There was no policewoman in London until 1920.
Today, London police are quite well paid and only a few police officers still ride horses.
Perhaps the London Police Force's greatest achievement   is to meet changing  conditions and provide excellent police service  . The two main reasons for the Force's development were the growth of population and the progress of science and technology.
The question is: What is the best title for this passage?
The possible answers are:
A:London Police Force
B:Bow Street Runners
C:Why Are London Police Famous?
D:The History of the London PoliceIn fact, at the time they seemed to be ordinary events, but now everything seems different. I had spent 10 years away from the place where I was born. Even though I made the decision to leave my country by myself, I miss a lot of things now. The person that brought me the happiest memories is my best friend. She is the greatest person in the world, and I am not exaggerating . She is kind, funny,polite,and always willing to listen,and has been a great friend. I always recall events from our childhood. I think about the school where we met in the first grade and went on until the 5thgrade. I think about the talks we had and the things we did together. If someone wants me to describe our friendship, I'd say we have been close friends for 17 years and we never got angry with each other. It's  amazing, isn't it? I haven't been able to do that with anybody else. Sometimes I even feel guilty . I miss her more than my own brothers and sisters.  And of course besides those memories, my kids are number one in my life. I have plenty of beautiful memories with them, especially when they were born, which also turned out to be a sad moment for both of them, because they were premature babies . Anyone, who has had an experience with a premature baby, can _ what I mean.
The question is: What can we learn from the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:The writer still lives in her own country.
B:They got to know each other in their childhood.
C:The writer felt tired of looking after her children.
D:It's common that the writer never quarreled with her friends.Holmes rubbed his hands together excitedly. His eyes shone and he leant forward in his chair.
"Tell us your story," he said.
Miss Morstan began her story and we listened.
"My father," she began," was a captain in the army. When I was very young, he was sent to India My mother was dead and I had no other relatives in England. So, while my father was away, I was sent to school."
"When I was seventeen, I received a letter from my father. He said that he was leaving India and coming back to England. He gave me the address of a hotel in London. He asked me to meet him there."
"I was very happy and excited about seeing my dear father again, I went to London and arrived at the hotel. I asked for Captain Morstan, my father. But I was told by the hotel manager that my father was not there. He had gone out the night before and not returned."
"I waited all day and all night, but my father didn't come back to the hotel. Finally, I went to the police. They advertised for Captain Morstan in all the newspapers, but without success. I never saw my dear father again."
...
"Four years after my father disappeared," continued Miss Morstan, "I saw an advertisement in the newspaper. The date was 4th May 1882. To my surprise, the advertisement asked for the address of Miss Mary Morstan, It said that ifl advertised my address, I would receive some very good news."
"What did you do?" asked Holmes.
"I advertised my address in the same newspaper. The next day, I received a small cardboard box. Inside the box was a lovely pearl . And I have received another five pearls since that day. They arrive every year on the same day. Look."
She opened a flat box and showed us six beautiful pearls.
" _ " asked Holmes.
"Nothing at all," replied Miss Morstan. Then she continued. "But the strangest thing of all happened this morning. That is why I came to see you. This morning, I received a letter. Please read it."
"Thank you," said Holmes. He took the letter and studied it carefully,
(From THE SIGN OF FOUR)
The question is: Which question is the most suitable here?
The possible answers are:
A:There was no letter with the pearls?
B:Did you meet anyone after that?
C:Who sent these beautiful pearls?
D:These pearls were your father's?Halloween is a festival on October 31st.The name of the holiday means --"hallowed" because it comes the day before All Saints Day.
Before the festival, people paint homes, shops and classrooms in the traditional Halloween colours, orange and black. Some people make costumes at home. Some people buy them in shops. People also make decorations for the festival. These decorations look like witches, black cats, ghosts, skeletons and jack-o-lanterns. Jack-o- lanterns are pumpkins that are cut to look like faces.
People think that Halloween is the children's New Year's Eve. On that day children dress up in special costumes and masks. They eat too much, and go to bed very late after celebrating. They go from one door to another saying "trick or treat". People give them candies,cookies,fruit or money.
Adults and older children also celebrate Halloween with parades  ,festivals and costumes parties. One kind of the parties welcomed by children is dunking for apples. Apples are put in tubs  full of water. People try to get the apples using only their mouths; they cannot use their hands.
The question is: What are the traditional Halloween colours?
The possible answers are:
A:Red and green.
B:Orange and black.
C:Black and white.
D:Orange and brown.One day, a boy had a fight with one of his classmates. He didn't wait until school was over, and hurried home to his grandfather. He told him his story angrily. "He is really bad," the boy said, "and I hate him."
The grandfather said, "Let me tell you a story. When I was a boy, I, too, sometimes hated others for what they did..."
As the boy listened carefully, the grandfather went on,"There are always two tigers inside my heart. One is good and kind. He gets on well with everything around him. But the other is bad and unfriendly. Even the smallest thing will make him angry. He fights with everyone all the time, and for no reason. He can't think carefully because he always hates others. It is difficult to live with these two tigers inside my heart. They both try to control me."
The boy looked into his grandfather's eyes and asked,"Which tiger always controls you, Grandfather?"
The old man said slowly and seriously, "The one that I feed. I always feed the good and kind tiger, so I never hate others and seldom get angry now."
,.
The question is: The boy went to his grandfather   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:before he went to school
B:when he went to school
C:after school was over
D:after he had a fightEverybody needs water. Everything needs water. We use water to wash the bowls , clothes and ourselves. We use water to plant trees, flowers and crops . Where does all water come from? It comes from clouds.
Some of rain goes into the ground. Many people get it under the ground. Some rain water goes into the hills. It runs into lakes and rivers. Many people get it there.
,.
The question is: Which statement(,) is right?   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:Not everything needs water.
B:Not everybody needs water.
C:Nobody needs water
D:All of us need waterOne Sunday morning Mr Green and his child , Bill ,are in a big shop . Mr Green wants to
buy a new blouse for Mrs Green . Bill likes oranges , so his father buys two kilos of
oranges for him , too . Bill wants to buy some picture--books and colour pencils , too . There
are many people in the shop . They are men and women , old and young . They all want to buy
something there .
The question is: Mr Green goes to the shop with   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:Mrs green
B:his son
C:his daughter
D:his fatherHere are a lot of different cakes-fruit cakes,chocolate cakes,etc.Sometimes we buy them in a shop.Sometimes we make them ourselves.
We like cakes.We like Christmas cakes a lot.My mother often makes cakes for us at Christmas.And I often help her to make them.To make a Christmas cake,we need these things:
Half a kilo of flour ;
3 cups of milk;
4 eggs and some fruit,etc.
Now we can make a cake with those things.
The question is: When does the writer's mother make cakes for her?
The possible answers are:
A:At Christmas.
B:On the writer's birthday.
C:On weekdays.
D:On Sundays.Once upon a time there was a baby eagle  living in a nest on a cliff . The baby eagle liked the nest. It was the only world he had ever known. It was warm and comfortable. Many times each day the mother would _ down from the sky and land in the nest and feed the baby eagle delicious food. She was like a god to him he had no idea where she came from or how she worked her magic.
The baby eagle was hungry all the time, but the mother eagle would always come just in time with the food. The baby eagle grew strong. The mother wanted him to try flying and getting the food out of the nest. But the baby eagle was afraid to do it. The mother eagle flew away and stopped coming to the nest. The baby eagle cried and cried. But there was no one there to hear him. Two days later, the mother eagle appeared at the top of the mountain cliff with a big bowl of delicious food and she looked down at her baby.
The mother said, "Here is some very delicious food, all you have to do is come to get it."
"Come to get it!" said the baby, with much anger. "How?"
The mother pushed him out of the nest. The ground rushed closer, faster and faster. Something strange happens. He looked down and saw the sky. He wasn't moving towards the ground anymore, his eyes were pointed up at the sun.
"Hug?" he said. "What's going on here!"
" You're flying," his mother said.
"This is fun!" laughed the baby eagle.
The question is: Every day the mother eagle   _   when the baby is young.
The possible answers are:
A:flew away
B:asked him to fly
C:worked her magic
D:took food to the nest"Sometimes you just get a strict teacher.Instead of letting others know that this isn't your favorite class.Make an effort to show your teacher you are doing your best."
jocelyn Howard,16
"Learn to put your activities in order of importance.School comes first,and if you just study as soon as you get home,it's OK.You can also relax and play computers or do the other things you enjoy.But don't settle for just _ .Try hard! And don't be afraid to get help from teachers."
April Madlangbanyan,17
"If you have trouble getting along with a specific teacher,pray about it.Ask God to help you see that teacher through HIS EYES,not your own.And talk with that teacher.Good communication can strengthen any relationship-even with a hard-to-get-along-with teacher."
Lisa Shaw, 21
"Being a good student means being organized.Remember to bring all your supplies, everything-to each class every day.Make sure that you'll never skip class.And when you're in class,really pay attention! Don't let yourself daydream or write notes to friends.Completing your homework on time is also important."
Victoria Walsh.16
"When you're having trouble getting along with a certain teacher,stay calm! You may not agree with him or her,but you've got to remember the teacher is the authority  figure.So make sure that you're respectful and open-minded.Ask for a specific time the two of you can talk.Explain yourself and address problem,not the teacher."
----Amanda Baken,18
"Being a good student means studying often,not just cramming before a test.Identify your weak areas.For example,maybe you don't have good reading skills or it's hard for you to take notes.Once you identify what your weakness is,ask for help in these specific areas.Be willing to go in early or stay after school to get extra help.Go into the school year knowing that being a good student will require time and effort!"
Tiffany Irving,20
The question is: According to Lisa Shaw,  _   if you have trouble getting along with a specific teacher.
The possible answers are:
A:you should try to understand him
B:you should avoid seeing him again
C:you should ask God for help
D:you should look on him as GodHave you ever heard of Jinjiang Hotel? It is on our busiest street. It's the best place to live in if you  travel here. The hotel is only 0.5 kilometer from the biggest supermarket and the subway.
It has three kinds of rooms  for different people to use. The first kind is standard room, that is two beds with a bathroom. It offers you the air conditioner, the television and the telephone. Second is the single room, that has only one bed. Though it has only one bed, you can enjoy yourself, for the bed is really comfortable and the environment is really good. The last one we call commercial room. That is  served for businessmen. The commercial room has the best quality. It also provides 24-hour hot water. You can have free tea in the afternoon. Imagine how nice as you drink tea as talking about your business with your partners. If you want to eat something, please just call 123, the food will arrive in ten minutes.
One great thing is that it is very safe here because we have a few strong guards working day and night, so I'm sure you will have a great time living here.
The question is: If you live in Jinjiang Hotel, you can   _   easily.
The possible answers are:
A:go to a movie
B:go shopping
C:see a doctor
D:have fast foodThe keys to reaching or staying at a healthy weight are regular exercise and good eating habits. Teens should get 60 minutes or more of physical activity a day. Note the word "activity". As long as you're getting your body moving, it doesn't have to mean doing difficult exercise or going to the sports hall every day. All that matters is that each week you get the right balance of activity, including aerobics  , strength building, and flexibility   exercise. Make exercise a habit by arranging some time every day.
On days when you have soccer practice or an aerobics class, you may have no trouble exercising for an hour or more. But most of us are busy, and 60 minutes a day for exercise seems like a lot of time. The good news is that it's OK to divide it into shorter exercise breaks throughout the day.
Just as you might have a healthy snack to stop yourself from getting hungry, exercise snacks can keep energy levels high. So get up 15 minutes early and do some stretching   activity. Walk fast or run slowly for 15 minutes after lunch. Do the same thing after school -- or walk or bike home. Add to that taking the stairs, PE class, and walking between classes during the day, and you've probably reached your 60 minutes.
Here are five simple ways to make an exercise lifestyle change:
The question is: What's the best title for this passage?
The possible answers are:
A:Regular exercise.
B:School exercise.
C:Indoor exercise.
D:Difficult exerciseIs reading better than watching TV? I believe it is. Is reading better than playing video games? I'm not so sure if it is. If learning is important to you, but not necessary so,and if pleasure is what you want,these activities can be pleasant in their own way. Reading might be better than many activities if you want to educate yourself and improve your chances of succeeding in your work.
If you're serious about creating the habit of reading,what's important is finding a time you can read every day--often that's early morning or late at night,or both. For others, it might be during their lunch break. You only need to read for 10 to 20 minutes a day to form the habit.
Then, you need to find a place that's comfortable. Make sure it has good lighting, the temperature is nice and you're in a good chair. Or you can find some place that you can relax in without falling asleep, although there's nothing wrong with sleep.
Next,be sure to shut off the TV,Internet,cell phone,radio, or other music. Let reading be a quiet time. Mark an "x" on your calendar every day you read, and try to keep your unbroken "x"es going as long as possible. A habit is much easier to form if it's something you enjoy, not something you are made to do. So make the time, you spend reading a joy. I've been a lifelong reader, so the pleasure of a good book is one of my favorite things in the world. I love to lose myself in the world of a book.
The question is: Which of the following CANNOT be used to describe the writer?
The possible answers are:
A:He prefers to play video games rather than watch TV.
B:He is an old man with the best reading habit.
C:He thinks it's normal to fall asleep while reading.
D:He has done a lot of research on reading.Hello, I'm Kan. I like different kinds of food. I like hamburgers, ice cream, salad and orange juice.
For breakfast, I often have some milk and hamburgers. I don't like dessert. My favorite football star, Ronaldo eats lots of healthy food. He likes eggs and vegetables for breakfast. For lunch, he eats hamburgers, potatoes, chicken, oranges and apple juice. For dinner, he likes meat and French fries.
He doesn't have dessert. " I like football better." He says.
The question is: Ronaldo is   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:a student
B:a football star
C:a basketball star
D:runnerAnn is my classmate. She comes from New York, and she lives in Shanghai with her parents now. Every morning, she goes to KFC to have breakfast. Sometimes she buys a hamburger for me. She can't speak Chinese well. In the evening, her father often helps her with it. He's a teacher in our school. He can speak Chinese very well.
Ann thinks the school life in China is very interesting. Ann likes reading Chinese books because she wants to know more about China. She tries to talk with her Chinese friends in Chinese. She hopes to speak Chinese well. She is very happy to live in China. She loves people here.
The question is: What is Ann's father's job?
The possible answers are:
A:A teacher.
B:A driver.
C:A manager.
D:A doctor.Last summer, 15-year-old Bob had a problem. Like a lot of children, Bob was interested in doing many things. He liked dancing most and wanted to join a dancing group. But Bob's high school didn't have a boys' dancing group but a girls' group. He tried to join the girls' group. And he made it.
Bob thought his problem was over after he had been one of the dancers in the dancing group. But a bigger problem was just beginning. The school didn't allow Bob to stay in the girls' group. "If we let Bob stay in the group," the school said, "other boys will want to join, too. Soon, there won't be any girls in the group." They took Bob off the group.
Bob was very angry about it, so he went to a judge . The judge said it was not a right decision and told the school to let Bob go back to the dancing group.
The question is: The school worried that   _   if Bob stayed in the group.
The possible answers are:
A:nobody would watch their dance
B:other boys would join and the girls might leave
C:other schools might laugh at them
D:the parents would be angry about itHere is an interview with a painter. Read and choose the best.
Reporter:Mr Shum, you were one of Taiwan's most outstanding youths last year. Why was that?
Mr Shum:Well, I can tell you that there are two reasons.First, I am a painter. Second, and more important reason is I am handicapped . I have no arms and only one leg.
Reporter:Well, how do you paint then if you've got no arms? Do you use your foot?
Mr Shum:Hah! For some handicapped people, it's true and they are able to use their feet.No,I use my mouth. I put my paintbrush or my crayons or pencils or whatever I am using in my mouth. I hold it _ in my teeth and paint or draw like that. It was a little strange for me at first, but it quickly became very easy.
Reporter:I know you feel that you are first a painter and only secondly that you are a disablbed person, but can we talk first about your handicap?
Mr Shum:Well,in fact I think of myself firstly as a person, secondly as a painter and thirdly as someone with a physical handicap. Can I say that I am not happy with the word "handicapped"?
I am a popular painter because my paintings are good, not because they were painted by a handicapped person. "handicapped"means you can't do anything. It is difficult for me to do some things like getting dressed.
Reporter: Were you born with your handicap?
Mr Shum:No. An accident happened to me when I was 15 years old.After that I became depressed and even tried to end my life, but my mother was always there for me.
The question is: He doesn't like the word"handicapped"because it suggests   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:he can do anything
B:there are some things he can't do
C:there are somethings he can do very well
D:he doesn't want others to look him downLife in Britain today
Food
British people like good food, and more than half of them go to a restaurant every month. Fast food is also very popular---30% of all adults have a burger every three months, but 46% have fish and chips!
Sports
British people don't do a lot of sport. Only 17% of people go swimming every week. 9% go cycling and 8% play golf. Only 6% people play football (but 32% go to watch it).
Cinema and TV
Films are very popular in Britain, and about 60% of people between 15 and 24 go to the cinema every month. At home, men watch TV for about three hours every day--half an hour more than women.
Holidays
British people love going on holidays. Most of these holidays aren't in the UK---27% are in Spain, 10% are in the U.S, and 9% are in France. Maybe this is because the weather in Britain is terrible!
The question is: British women watch about   _   of TV every day.
The possible answers are:
A:2 hours
B:3 hours
C:2.5 hours
D:4 hours.Chris is not a traditional explorer --he usually works in an office for a large organization. However, Chris' job can be just as exciting and dangerous as being an explorer.
Chris works for MSF, an organization also known as Doctors Without Border . Since 1971, MFS has sent trained doctors all over the world to help people who have suffered from disasters, such as wars and illnesses. Chris is a doctor from France who has traveled to many places to organize programs that help people.
At the moment, over 27,000 trained doctors have taken part in MSF projects. The organization received the Nobel Peace Prize in 1999. All kinds of doctors can volunteer for MSF. They need to be ready to go almost anywhere in the world and, of course, they should face difficulties. Most of MSF's work is in Africa. When MSF chooses a doctor for a task, they have to go for at least six months. When doctors have completed a few tasks, they might be sent on an emergency  task following a disaster, such as an earthquake.
But why would doctors leave a comfortable life and a good pay to join MSF? According to Chris, the experience they have is a great help in their life. What's more, just like the explorers of the past, they need to keep an open mind and learn to get on well with the people they meet. One thing that they can say at the end of any task is that they have made a real difference to people's lives.
The question is: As a volunteer doctor for MSF, he or she should   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:have worked in Africa for six months
B:have been sent on an emergency task
C:be ready to work for a task for at least half a year
D:have suffered from wars, illnesses or other disastersLearning English is just like learning to ride a bicycle. When learning English becomes a kind of habit, everything will become easier.
Please think about how we learned to ride a bicycle. There are four stages  : At the first stage, the child doesn't know what it is to ride a bicycle, nor can he ride. So look at ourselves, when we learned English at the first time, we were also in this condition.
And then is the second stage. Although the child cannot ride himself, he grows and understands what it is to ride a bicycle. So, at this time, teachers are our navigation   marks.
So according to this, we are just like the child starting to learn and now come to the third stage. He can ride a bicycle but has to think every time how to do it.
At last, the fourth stage comes when the child has practiced consciously   riding the bicycle so much that he doesn't have to think. Riding a bicycle becomes a kind of habit. He can talk to people and wave   to others while riding.
Learning English is just like learning to ride a bicycle. When learning becomes a kind of habit, we'll find we can be successful not only in English but also in other subjects. When learning becomes a kind of habit, I think, no, I believe, one day we'll succeed and the success will belong to us forever.
,,.
The question is: When English learning becomes a kind of habit, we will find   _   .
The possible answers are:
A:it is necessary to think
B:it is easy to learn English
C:learning English is like riding a bike
D:we don't need to learn it anymoreYou are going to high school , aren't you ? Maybe you don't know what to do . Here is a list of the top six things to do when you are in high school . These things will give you ideas of what  your high school life could be like . Here you go !
1Find your passion  and what kind of person you are : Whether it's dance ,basketball ,or drawing ,the important thing is that you have found something you are interested in .
2 Talk to people you wouldn't usually talk to : Meet new people ,find new friends and even talk to the people you don't like. It will show what a great person you are . You never know what will happen after high school.
3Take part in at least one contest: This will give you tears of laughter, happiness and memories .
4Get a job : This will help you see what it's like to have responsibility( ) . It can also help you make a little money to spend on yourself .
5Take a trip with your friends :It doesn't matter where you go or what you do , the memories will happen on the way and go on till the final place .
6Do your best at school : Don't ever get lazy . Working hard now will help you in the future.
The question is: What's the main idea of the passage ?
The possible answers are:
A:Have a happy school life.
B:How to get along with your school mates.
C:Ideas of successful high school life .
D:Make your school life easy .My grandfather is 70 years old this year. He is in good condition but he lost his hearing at the age of 65. Then it became difficult for me to communicate with him. My mother bought a hearing aid   for him, but he often forgot where he had put it. So my mother advised me to communicate with him by gesture. Good idea! And then I began to use gesture.
When I wanted to have an apple, firstly, I pointed to my mouth; later I made my hands form a round shape. Then he gave me an apple. When I was hungry, I pointed to my stomach. He would go into the kitchen and cook for me. When I wanted to use, the computer, I pointed to it. If he nodded , I could play computer games from 8 pm to 10 pm; if he disagreed, he always touched my head and pointed to the desk -- that meant that I should do my homework first. It was an easy way for us to communicate with each other!
The question is: How did the writer communicate with his grandfather?
The possible answers are:
A:By talking
B:By letter
C:By gesture
D:on the phoneMr White works in an office. He's very busy and has no time to have a good rest. Every evening, when he comes back from his office, he's always tired and wants to go to bed early. But his wife often has a lot of interesting things to tell him after dinner. She doesn't stop talking until she falls asleep  . But it's usually too late and Mr White has to get up early in the morning when she is still sleeping.
One day Mr White felt terrible and couldn't go to work. He decided to go to see a doctor. Mrs White went to the hospital with him. Before her husband said what was the matter with him, the woman told the doctor all. The doctor wrote out a prescription  . When Mrs White took the medicine to the doctor's room, the doctor said to her, "The bottle of medicine is for your husband and the pills   are for you. "
"For me?" the woman said in surprise. "I'm fine. I don't need any medicine!"
"I don't think so, madam," said the doctor. "They are sleeping pills. Your husband will be all right soon if you take them. "
The question is: Mr White's wife   _   every evening.
The possible answers are:
A:works late
B:writes things
C:keeps talking late
D:watches TV lateEach year, up to six young inventors, grade K-12, in America can receive the nation's most excellent young inventors' honor, "The Thomas Edison Innovation Award  ," for their invention ideas. They can receive the following honors:
*    Thomas Edison Innovation Award, "The Tommy", a handmade trophy 
*    US$1,000--US$ 5,000 in prize money
*    All-expenses-paid  trip for the inventor and one parent to the ceremony.
*    Chances in the future to connect with universities and industries to further the inventors' ideas
*    A place in history! The inventors' names and ideas can be preserved   at the National Museum of Education
The question is: Why do some students win award?
The possible answers are:
A:They are good at music.
B:They have great invention ideas.
C:They often help other people.
D:They are excellent sports players.The survey was done among 29,760 students at 100 US high schools. The results suggest that in the past year, 30 percent of US high school students have stolen from a store. And 64 percent may have cheated on a test.
However, 93 percent of the students said they were satisfied   with their honesty. And 77 percent said,"when it comes to doing what is right, I am better than most people I know."
Some teachers were unhappy about the survey results. Some, however, defended (......) today's students.
"The competition is greater and the pressures   on kids have increased greatly,"said Mel Riddle, who was a high school teacher and headmaster for 40 years."It is the pressures that make it easy for students to be dishonest."
"I think these students are better than other generations,"he said."I find them more active, better to work with and more thankful for support."" We have to create situations where it's easy for kids to do the right things, "he added."We need to create classrooms where learning is more important than having the right answer."
The question is: According to the survey, what challenge do US teenagers face today?
The possible answers are:
A:They have trouble getting pocket money
B:They don't get along well with teachers
C:They are not so honest as older generations
D:They have too many tests to take each weekDear God,
I am a boy. I live in a poor village. My Parents used to be  farmer but now they are working in a big city. They want to build a new house. Our old house is _ It becomes wet after a heavy rain. I think our new house must look clean and smart. I don't mind if it is big or small. It is not in the centre of the city or near the sea. _ lies in a peaceful valley. There are flowers and grasses around the house. My father can ride his horse to look after his sheep; my mother can milk her cows. My brother's cat is lying in the sun while I am reading under the tree. How beautiful!
Our new house has three bedrooms. There is a bedroom for my mother and father , one for me and one for my brother. There is a living room, a kitchen and a bathroom. There is a small balcony in front of the house, and a armchair  stands there quietly. There are some plants on the balcony, too. My family will be very happy in the new house. God, tell me, can my dream come true? What should I do for that?
Sincerely yours,
Amos
The question is: How many people are there in Amos' family?
The possible answers are:
A:Five
B:Two
C:There
D:FourQian Xuesen (1911-2009), China
Famous as the "Father of Chinese Rocketry", he worked hard and made important contributions to the missile   and space programs of China.
Gandhi (1869- 1948), India
He gave up his rich life for his ideas and fought for his country to be free from the UK in a peaceful way. Indians called him the "Father of the nation".
Nelson Mandela (1918--), South Africa
He fought for the black people and was in the prison for 30 years. He helped the black people to get the same rights as white people. In 1993, he was given Noble Peace for his devotion to his country.
Norman Bethune (1890-1939), Canada
He fought against the German Nazis   and Japanese invaders during the World WarII. He worked in China as a doctor and saved many Chinese soldiers.
The question is: Nelson Mandela fought for the black people and helped them to get  _   though once in prison for 30 years.
The possible answers are:
A:space programs
B:good treatment from Bethune
C:some good ideas
D:the same rights as white peopleOne day, a boy had a fight with one of his classmates. He didn't wait until school was over, and hurried home to his grandfather. He told him his story angrily. "He is really bad," the boy said, "and I hate him."
The grandfather said, "Let me tell you a story. When I was a boy, I, too, sometimes hated others for what they did..."
As the boy listened carefully, the grandfather went on,"There are always two tigers inside my heart. One is good and kind. He gets on well with everything around him. But the other is bad and unfriendly. Even the smallest thing will make him angry. He fights with everyone all the time, and for no reason. He can't think carefully because he always hates others. It is difficult to live with these two tigers inside my heart. They both try to control me."
The boy looked into his grandfather's eyes and asked,"Which tiger always controls you, Grandfather?"
The old man said slowly and seriously, "The one that I feed. I always feed the good and kind tiger, so I never hate others and seldom get angry now."
,.
The question is: The good tiger   _   everything around him.
The possible answers are:
A:doesn't like
B:gets along well with
C:isn't interested in
D:wants to eatMike's father, Mr. Lee, is a farmer. He lives on the farm. He is happy to see his son move to a new flat in the city. One day, Mr. Lee comes to visit his son with a big orange pumpkin, about 10 kg. He grows it all by himself. "I'll let my son share it with his neighbours  . Everyone likes pumpkin. Then Mike and his neighbours will become good friends," Mr. Lee thinks.
At noon, Mr. Lee gets to the community centre . The building is so tall. There are twenty floors. Mike lives on the sixteenth floor. But he is not at home.
Mr. Lee thinks, "I'll give the pumpkin to Mike's neighbours. They will be glad too see the gift." And he does it. But to his surprise, the neighbour on the left says coldly, "Thank you, but I don't like it at all."The woman on the right says nothing and closes the door quickly.
The old man feels sad. At last, he goes to the market, sells it and goes back home. "Are they really neighbours? " he says to himself. He doesn't know why.
The question is: Where does the pumpkin go at last?
The possible answers are:
A:The woman on the right gets it.
B:Mr. Lee sells it at the market.
C:Mr. Lee takes it back home.
D:Mike gets it when he comes back.Tom went to see his grandparents with his father. In the train Tom often put his head out of the window. His father said, "Tom, don't put your head out of the window." But Tom went on putting his head out of the window.
His father took Tom's hat quietly and hid it behind his back and said to Tom, "You see your hat is gone." Tom was afraid. His father said, "Well, whistle once. Maybe your hat will come back." Tom whistled. His father put his hat on Tom's head quickly. "Oh! It's wonderful!" Tom laughed and said. He quickly took his father's hat and threw it out of the window. "Now it's your turn to whistle, Dad!" he said happily.
The question is: Tom went to see his grandparents with his father   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:by bus
B:by train
C:by plane
D:by shipComputer games are more and more popular with teenagers. Games are fun. After hours of homework it's great to relax by playing a game. But do games ever do kidsany harm? And are there any ways parents can help kids stay away from bad games? US researches are trying to find answers to these questions.
One problem found that parents are not taking enough notice of their kids'games -playinghabits. Many games sells output controls   on the games to help parents make sure that children don't play things unsuitable for them, said David Walsh, president of the national Institute on media and the Family. Parents need to watch the games kids are playing and how much time they are spending playing them.
The study found that playing games too long can affect kids' health as well as their schoolwork. Almost half of all " heavy games" are six to 17 years old. These kids are more likely to have weight and eyesight problems than other kids. Playing too many games also affects(v)how children do in school.
Kids can ask their parents to set a time limit for playing games and remind them when the time is up. Don't forget to tell your parents about it.
The question is: The best title for the passage is   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:Games are funny.
B:Stay away from bad games.
C:Keep it under .
D:Don't play games any more.Last Friday a storm swept through two villages in the New Territories , destroying fourteen homes. Seven others were so badly destroyed that their owners had to leave them, and fifteen others had broken windows or broken roofs. One person was killed, several were badly hurt and taken to hospital, and a number of other people received smaller hurt. Altogether   over two hundred people were homeless after the storm.
A farmer, Mr. Tan, said that the storm began early in the morning and lasted for over an hour.
"I was eating with my wife and children," he said, "when we heard a loud noise. A few minutes later our house fell down on top of us. We tried our best to climb out but then I saw that one of my children was missing. I went back inside and found him safe but very frightened."
Mrs. Woo Mei Fong said that her husband had just left for work when she felt that her house was moving. She ran outside at once with her children.
"There was no time to take anything," she said, "A few minutes later, the roof came down."
Soldiers helped to take people out of the water area  and  the welfare government brought them food, clothes and some other things.
The question is: Mrs. Woo and her family didn't get hurt because    _   .
The possible answers are:
A:her husband knew there would be a storm
B:they were all outside the house when the storm became worse
C:she felt the house moving and they ran out immediately
D:the welfare department helped herYou speak,write a letter,and make a telephone call. Your words carry a message. People communicate with words. Do you think you can communicate without words? A smile on your face shows you are happy or friendly. Tears in your eyes tell others that you are sad. When you raise your hand in class,the teacher knows you want to say something or ask questions. You shake your head,and people know you are saying "No". You nod and people know you are saying "Yes".
Other things can also carry messages. For example,a sign at the bus stop helps you to know which bus to take. A sign on the wall of your school helps you to find the library. Signs on doors tell you where to go in or out. Have you ever noticed that there are a lot of signs around you and that you receive messages from them all the time?
People can communicate in many other ways. An artist can use his drawings to tell about beautiful mountains,about the blue sea and many other things. Books are written to tell you about all the wonderful things in the world and also about people and their ideas. Books,magazines,TVs, radios and films all help us to communicate with each other. They all help us to know what is going on in the world and what other people are thinking about.
(Notes: communicate ;sign ,)
The question is: A sign at the bus stop tells you  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:how many buses there are
B:what kind of bus it is
C:where the bus comes and goes
D:how much money you'll pay for the ticketSometimes we feel good, such as when we get good grades or when something good happens. Sometimes we feel bad, such as when we argue with our classmates or when the teachers criticize us. Both kinds of feelings are common. Of course, we all enjoy good feelings, but when we feel unhappy, sometimes we don't know what to do about it. Here is a plan that will help you when your feelings are bothering you.
1. ACCEPT your feelings. Say to yourself, "I am sad. " "I am scared. " "I am angry. " "I am embarrassed. " It's all right to have these feelings.
2. RELAX and have a rest before you act.  Take slow deep breaths   and relax your body. Imagine that you are in a safe place.  You can listen to some music or sing a beautiful song !
3. THINK about ways to help yourself. Thinking helps you do something smart instead of hurting yourself or making things worse.
4. DO something to help yourself.  Maybe you can talk to someone, or do something you enjoy. _ , go back to Step 3.
The question is: If you want to relax yourself before you act, you can  _
The possible answers are:
A:say to yourself, "I am sad."
B:listen to some music or sing a beautiful song
C:think about ways to help yourself
D:watch thrillers with your friendsMy name is Peter and I'm 12 years old. I don't have a brother or a sister. I am in No.2 Middle School. My parents are Gray and Nancy Wilson. My father is a worker and my mother is a music teacher.
My father's parents are David and Jacy Wilson. They don't live with us. They live in the nearby city . David is 63 and Jacy is 61. They come to see us once a month .
My mother's parents are Henry and Sara Smith. Henry is 62 and Sara is 58. They are farmers. They have a farm. They grow vegetables and rice . I like to go to see my grandparents.
The question is: Who has a farm?
The possible answers are:
A:Mr. and Mrs. Wilson.
B:Peter's parents.
C:Mr. and Mrs. Smith.
D:Nobody.Linda and David have traveled by air from London to Sydney, Australia. Linda has promised her mother that she will ring her to let her know that they have arrived safely. This is something she had done ever since she was a child. David thinks it is not a good idea to ring so far, to spend too much, and to say so little.
"If there were an accident. " He says, 'they'd know soon enough. Bad news travels fast. "
But Linda has promised that she would ring. "However," she says, "'it doesn't cost much when you just think that it's the other side of the world. It's only six pence per second  . "
"If you're on that telephone for less than one minute, I'll eat my hat,' David says, "And one minute's nearly four pounds. "
"That's no more than you'd pay for a new hat," ''Linda answers.
She has asked the man at the hotel desk to get her the number. The telephone rings. Linda picks it up.
"Hello, Mum. Is that you ?" She says.
"Six pence per second," David reminds  her.
"Hello, love. " It is Mrs Lee, Linda's mother, speaking from London. "I can hear you very clearly just like you are in the next room. It's a better line than when you called me from your office. Do you remember? I shouted at that time, and still you couldn't hear me sometimes. "
"Yes, Mum. "Linda puts in. . "I just wanted to ring to ....... "
"I remember how you rang when you went to Betty's house to eat, when you were a little girl. And then when you ..." Mrs Lee is a great talker
"Nearly four pounds. " says David.
Linda tries to tell her mother that it is time to say goodbye.
"Yes, all right, "says Mrs Lee," But you will write, won't you, as you did when you were at work ..."
Once again, Mrs Lee talks about the pass. and there is no stopping her.
"Four pounds fifty, 'says David.
At last, Linda cuts her mother short, promises to write, and rings off.
"There! That wasn't long, was it ?"
"Four pounds, ninety pence." David answers. "And you didn't even say that we've arrived."
The question is: Mrs Lee goes on talking for so long because   _  -.
The possible answers are:
A:she likes to hear all about the past.
B:she likes talking
C:Linda had not told her that she has arrived
D:she is going to pay for the telephone callMrs. King is an American doctor. She is now in China. She works in a Children's Hospital in Beijing. She is also learning Chinese medicine  there. She likes Chinese medicine very much. She loves working for children. She works hard in the day and reads English books on  Chinese medicine at night. She learns Chinese from the Chinese doctors and her Chinese friends. Now she can speak some Chinese. She can read some Chinese books, too.
Her husband Mr. King is a teacher. He teaches English in a junior high school in Beijing. He works hard, too. He works from Monday to Friday. He teaches three classes every day. Sometimes, on Saturdays and Sundays, he teaches other English classes. He wants to make more money .
The question is: Which of the following sentences is NOT true?
The possible answers are:
A:Mrs. King can speak English and Chinese.
B:Mrs. King knows much about Chinese medicine.
C:Mrs. King is from America.
D:Mr. King sometimes teaches other English classes on weekends.Fire can be very dangerous. We should be careful with it. This is what to do in a fire:
*Shout out. Shout as loudly as you can, because people may be asleep.
*Call 119. Don't try to put out the fire yourself. Tell 119 where you are and what is on fire.
*Keep down next to the floor. There is less smoke down there, so it's easier to breathe and see where you are going.
*Test the door. If the door is cool, open it carefully. If the door is hot, do not open it! Try to find a different way out.
*Get out. Do not stop to pick up anything. A fire can become very big in a few seconds!
*Don't use the lift. Always use the stairs .The lift may go wrong and keep you inside.
*Don't go back. Even if your pet is still inside, do not go back for it Animals have a very good sense of smell. They often get away from buildings before people.
The question is: The passage tells us that we can  _   in a fire.
The possible answers are:
A:use the lift
B:try to put out the fire ourselves
C:open the hot door and go out
D:shout as loudly as possibleIt was Sunday morning. A butcher  heard the doorbell  and thought it must be a customer. But he was surprised to see that a dog was coming into his shop. The dog had $10 and a note in its mouth.
The butcher took the note and read it. It said,"10 pork chops , please."So the butcher took the money and put a bag of chops in the dog's mouth.
Then he quickly closed the shop because he decided to follow the dog. He found the dog on the street. The dog was waiting for a green light. Then the dog walked across the road. The dog went to a bus stop. When a bus arrived, the dog checked the number and then got on the bus.
After a while, the dog stood up on his back paws  to push the "stop" button . The bus stopped and the dog got off. Then the butcher followed it to get off the bus.
The dog ran to a house and dropped the bag in front of the front door. It then began to beat its head against the front door. After a while, a big man opened the door and began shouting at the dog. The butcher ran up and shouted at the man, "What are you doing? Your dog is a genius ."
The owner of the dog said, "Genius? No way! I always tell him to take the keys when he goes to the stores. But he never listens to me!"
The question is: How did the dog take the note?
The possible answers are:
A:In the bag.
B:On its back.
C:In its mouth.
D:Around its neck.Many students feel it difficult to remember new words when they begin to study English. Now I will give you some advice. 1. Do not waste  time in learning a list  of English words. It is the hardest way to remember English words. How do you learn to speak Chinese? You did it by listening carefully to the people talking to each other. You can find radio programs, TV programs and records, and listen to them carefully. The best way to learn all new words is through ear. As you listen to more and more dialogues, you will learn how English is pronounced in phrases and sentences. Of course, it is not enough to learn new words; you must learn how words are put together, and why some words in English are emphasized. 2. Some people have found that they can learn the names of everyday objects, such as box, cup, desk and so on, in the following way. They write the names of subjects, they say the words. Try this and see if this way works for you. If it does not, then go on to practice your dialogues.
The question is: The writer thinks the best way to learn new words is to    _   .
The possible answers are:
A:do more reading
B:do more writing
C:do more listening
D:learn the spellingThat warm day was the only day of the week without rain. I opened the door, took a seat and began to enjoy the wonderful sunshine. Suddenly, I noticed that the house near mine had been sold. An elderly lady was in front of the door, with some beautiful flowers beside her. I walked to her. She looked to be in her early eighties and had the prettiest white hair.
"Hi! My name is Karmen," I said smiling brightly at the old lady. She smiled back and said, "Hello, Karmen. I'm Henrietta." Her voice was very strong for someone at her age. Later, I learned she was alone and had no family or relatives to help her. From that day on, I often visited her and helped her with her housework and sometimes she gave me some delicious food. A year passed, and I considered Henrietta to be one of my best friends.
One day, I walked over for my morning visit and knocked on the door, but there was no answer. I knocked again, and she still didn' t _ . So I let myself in, using the key she had given me. I checked her living room and then her kitchen. I finally went into her bedroom, and she was lying peacefully on her bed. Beside her there were two notes. One was her will, which said all that she had would be given to me. The other was a thank-you note. I went to her bedside and cried sadly.
Though several years have gone by, I still miss her deeply. Whenever I look at the beautiful flowers in front of her house, I remember the wonderful friendship we had.
The question is: Through visiting the old lady, the writer learnt that the old lady   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:had no one to look after her
B:disliked all her relatives
C:didn't want to live with her family
D:was looking for someone to look after herWatch for us on TV
THIS summer, many Beijing middle school students had a different kind of vacation. Instead of hanging out with friends or traveling, they were training hard for the National Day celebration.
To mark the special anniversary  of China this year, the students performed a group dance in a big parade on Tian'anmen Square on October 1.
Students were training from 7:30am to around 10:00am or from 4 pm to 6:30pm. It was to avoid the summer heat.
They wore white hats, T-shirts and dark-blue trousers. The hats and T-shirts were printed with a red logo, the number '60".
The first week of training was PE. Students practiced standing and squatting .  Then they moved on to practice the group display. The use colored sheets in the shape of flowers as a prop . When we watch the parade on TV we will see them making colorful patterns with them.
What do the students think of their unusual summer?
"Sometimes we find it a bit tiring." says Lu Wenqi,13."But most of us think it's a great honor to take part in such an important celebration."
Li Hui, 15, thinks the same as Lu. She says her classmates are seldom late for training.
"It's a wonderful chance for us,' says Li. "When my parents were in college, they also took part in a national day celebration. Now it's my turn!"
By Wang Min
21st Century Teens staff
The question is: What is the main idea of the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:It's a wonderful chance for the students to take part in such an important celebration."
B:The students are seldom late for training.
C:Their parents also took part in a national day celebration.
D:Now it's my turn!Once I thought love meant flowers, gifts and sweet kisses. So, I really doubted whether there was any love between my parents. Every day they were working hard to pay for my high school. They didn't act in the romantic ways that I read in books and saw on TV, and they certainly didn't send flowers to each other on Valentine's Day  .
One day, my mother was sewing a quilt  . I asked her if there was any love between her and my dad. She stopped and raised her head in surprise. Then she went on with her work without saying anything. I was very worried because I thought I had hurt her feelings. But after a few minutes she said, "Look at this thread  . Sometimes it appears, but most of the time it disappears in the quilt. If life is a quilt, then love is the thread. It can hardly be seen anywhere or at any time, but it's really there, and makes the quilt long-lasting." I listened carefully but I didn't understand her until the next spring.
My mother suddenly got seriously ill and had to stay in hospital for about a month. Every morning and evening after she returned from the hospital, my father helped her walk slowly along our country road. _ All of this made the most beautiful picture in the world. Reading their eyes, I knew they love each other deeply. From this experience, I realized that love is just a thread in the quilt of our lives. Love is inside, making life strong and warm.
The question is: Why didn't the writer's mother answer his question immediately?
The possible answers are:
A:Because her husband didn't love her.
B:Because she was thinking of a better answer.
C:Because she didn't love her husband.
D:Because the writer had hurt her feelings.Fifty-five years ago Barbie Millicent Roberts first came out in the world of toys. Since then, Barbie doll, as everyone called her, has become the most famous toy doll in history. Her parent, the Mattel Company, said that 90% of all American girls between 3 and 10 have at least one Barbie at home.
However, Barbie is facing some trouble at present, There are many similar   dolls on the market in competition with her. Another doll named Bratz, for example, came to life fifteen years ago. She looks more like today's pop stars with heavy makeup   and miniskirts.
It seems that Barbie has lost her magic   among older girls. "For young girls, playing with a Barbie is much fun. But when you get older, you want something smarter and more modern," Says Vera Shepherd, a shopkeeper in a New York toy shop.
It is good news that on the international market Barbie is still No. 1. Although Mattel is selling fewer Barbies in the United States these years, sales in other countries are still going up. In January 2009, Mattel opened its first Barbie store in Shanghai, where girls can shop, eat, drink or even become _ for their own Barbies.
Mattel is planning big celebrations for Barbie's 55th birthday. Fashion designers from all over the world will make new dresses for Barbie. How long will Barbie stay popular in the world of toy dolls? It is hard to say, but 55 is surely not the age to retire  .
The question is: Barbie's trouble is that  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:it wears heavy makeup and miniskirts.
B:other dolls are more popular with little girls.
C:other dolls are trying to beat her in the market.
D:it is more expensive than the other dolls.Look at the photo. The two girls have big blue eyes and long brown hair. They are ten. They are in the same class. The one in a yellow skirt is Lily. The other one in an orange skirt is Lucy. Bob is their   brother  . He is in a blue cap. He is a high school student. Their dad is Mr. White. He is in a brown coat. Their mom is Mrs. White. She is in black shoes. Look!Lucy and Lily are in the green car.
.
The question is: Mrs. White is   _   mom.
The possible answers are:
A:Lily's
B:Lucy's
C:Bob's
D:A , B , & CLast year when Tom graduated from school, he came to Taibei. He didn't like to work on his father's farm and hoped to find a job in a big city. He went from one company to another but no one wanted him. With little money left, he got to the station, sad and tired. All he wanted to do was go back to his small town. It was very late at night and the station was full of people. They were waiting to buy tickets of the last train. He bought the last ticket, and he was very happy.
At that time, a woman with a crying baby walked to him and asked him to sell her the ticket. He gave her the ticket because he thought they needed it more than he did. After the train left, he sat on the bench and didn't know where to go. Suddenly, an old man came and said, "Young man, I have seen what you did to the woman. I am the owner of a big company. I need a good young man like you. Would you like to work for me?
The question is: What can we learn from this story?
The possible answers are:
A:Many people find job in a train station.
B:Don't buy the last ticket of the train.
C:If we try our best to help others, others will help us.
D:We should not give our ticket to others in a train station.Expo 2010 is held in Shanghai from May 1 to October 31.People all over the world are looking forward to it.Here are several golden rules on how to best plan your hip.
Rule 1:Do your homework
Read everything you call before going.Really study the maps.Know the pavilions.Arrive at the entrance nearest Io the things you want to see.Have a plan.It will make a big difference.
Rule 2:Allow plenty of time
Expo 2010 is the largest attraction event in the history of the world.It will take many days to see it.Plan to spend from five to eight days or more seeing it.
Rule 3:Pace yourself
Expo is enormous.The distances are punishing.It is better to spend a day seeing a single area than to man hack and forth all over the site.Remember to wear the most comfortable shoes.Never mind what they look like.
Rule 4:Get going in May
At many Expos the crowds are smaller in May and in early June than any other time.And beware the last two weeks.During every Expo, people delay their visits and then in early October they suddenly realize."Expo will close soon! I haven't seen it!'' As a result, the last several weeks usually have the most crowded days of the entire Expo.
Rule 5:Find out what everyone else is doing-and do the opposite
If you don't like large crowds and long lines.do the opposite.Here is all example:Most people go on Saturdays or on holidays, So avoid Saturdays and holidays.Go on weekdays when most people are at work.
Rule 6:Turn up
Expo 2010 is the largest celebration in China's history-an amazing once-in-a-lifetime event.When it is gone and it will never be seen again.So whatever you do,don't miss it!
The question is: When there are lots of people waiting in line to see the most popular activations, what's your  best choice?
The possible answers are:
A:I'll wait in line as other people do.
B:I'll go back and return tomorrow.
C:I'll visit the less crowded places instead.
D:I'll sit on a bench to have a rest for about two or three hours.A study reported: using a computer at home may be bad for a child's performance in math, science and English. It can't improve them. Children are spending more time chatting   , playing games or sending and they aren't doing their homework.
Li Jun, Hunan
Now more and more people are buying and selling things on the Internet. Hackers around the world are interested in this. They often break in your system, but it's very difficult to find them. They even can take your money out of the bank.
Xiao Yu, Guangdong
I'm a 14-year-old girl in Tibet. The Qinghai-Tibet Railway was built in 2006. I can reach Beijing by train in about 48 hours. I can often go to visit my grandpa.
Joma, Tibet
I'm 13 years old. I want to invent a machine. My machine will _ the earthquake better and make people run to safe places.
Lin Yan, Sichuan
The question is: What is Lin Yan's dream?
The possible answers are:
A:To be a hacker.
B:To be a teacher.
C:To be a doctor.
D:To be a scientist.Mr. White works in an office. He liked reading in bed when he was at school. It was bad for his eyes and now he is near-sighted. But he wouldn't want anybody else to know about it and he never wears a pair of glasses. It often brings him some trouble.
One winter morning he was sent to a village school on business. He got off a bus at a stop in a small town. Then he had to walk there. The road to the village wasn't smooth. There were stones here and there. He fell over several times and it made his clothes very duty. At last he got to the village. Suddenly it began to blow strongly and it got much colder. His hat was blown off while he was looking for the school. He had to run after it but he couldn't catch it. He was wondering why his hat ran into a house as if it had legs. And then he ran into the house, too.
A big woman appeared and stopped him by shouting angrily, " What are you running after my hen for?"
The question is: According to the passage, which of the following is true?
The possible answers are:
A:Mr. White wears a pair of glasses.
B:Mr. White works in a village school.
C:Mr. White likes reading in bed in his office.
D:Mr. White often has some trouble because of his near sight.I'm Ann. I'm English. I'm twelve. I was born on May 17 , 1991. I learn Chinese at Beijing No.3 Middle School. I have a good friend. Her name is Lucy. She is twelve, too. We are in the same   grade.  But we are not in the same class. I'm in Class Two, and she is in Class Three. We have the same Chinese teacher . Her name is Zhang Ying. We all like her. Lucy's parents are both English teachers in China. And she has a sister. Her name is Lily. She is only five years old.
The question is: How old is Lily? She is  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:twelve
B:three
C:five
D:I don't knowComfortable family home with a large garden on north side of town.Three bedrooms,
Living-room,kitchens,dining-room,bathroom.Offers over$35,000.
2.ASSISTANT WANTED FOR BUSH RESTAURANT
Some evening and weekend work.All meals free.Ring 33201 78.
3.JOIN OUR FOOTBALL TEAM
Boys and girls wanted to play in local football team.Aged 9-1 3.Meet in Green Park on Friday at 3P.m.
4.ROOM TO RENT
Small room to rent in city centre flat above restaurant.Newly painted with modern furniture.Near main railway station.Buses pass front door.Phone 3322108.
Mr.Brown wants to Live near his workplace.Mrs.Brown wants a house with four bedrooms.The Brown children don't care what the house is like.They just want a big garden.Ann,their daughter, has always wanted to work in a restaurant.She thinks it is an exciting place.It's hard work but she is n't lazy.You have to work on Saturdays and Sundays,but you get other days off.It's not very well paid.But who cares about money?
Tom is a middle school student.He is twelve years old.He stops school at half past three,so he has plenty of time to finish his homework.
Jack.Mr.Brown's brother ,is looking for a room to rent.He doesn't care what colour the walls are or how old the furniture is.He is getting ready for his drawing.So the house must be quiet.
The question is: Why did n't the Browns buy the house in Advertisement 1 ?
The possible answers are:
A:It was on the north side of town.
B:There weren't enough bedrooms.
C:There was no dining room.
D:The garden was too big.James shook his money box again. Nothing! He carefully counted the coins that lay on the bed. $24. 17 was all that he had. The bicycle he wanted was at least $90! How was he going to get the end of the money?
He knew that his friends all had bicycles. It was hard to hang around with people when you were the only one without wheels. He thought about what he could do. It was no use asking his parents, for he knew they had no money to save.
There was only one way to get money, and that was to earn it. He would have to find a job. But who would hire him and what could he do? He decided to ask Mr. Clay for advice, who usually had opinions on most things.
"Well, you can start right here," said Mr. Clay. "My windows need cleaning and my car needs washing. "
That was the beginning of James' part-time job. For three months he worked every day after finishing his homework. He was amazed by the different kinds of jobs that people found for him to do. He took dogs and babies for walks, cleared out cupboards, and mended books. He lost count of the number of cars he washed and windows he cleaned, but the money increased and he knew that he would soon have enough for the bicycle he was eager to have.
The day finally came when James counted his money and found $94. 32. He wasted no time and went down to the shop to pick up the bicycle he wanted. He rode proudly home, looking forward to showing his new bicycle to his friends. It had been hard working for the money, but James knew that he valued his bicycle far more since he had bought it with his own money.
The question is: James in the passage was probably   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:a cleaner
B:a worker
C:a student
D:a teacherWhole Wheat Apple Pancake
INGREDIENTS:
2 cups of whole wheat flour
1/2 teaspoon of salt
2 eggs
1/4 cup of vegetable oil
2 large apples
1 cup of butter
DIRECTIONS:
Stir   the flour and salt in a large bowl. Pour eggs and oil in. Mix the apples in.
Heat a large pan over a medium heat. Put a large teaspoon of batter onto the pan and cook until the batter is dry. Then flip the pancake and cook until it is brown on the other side. When both sides have a light brown color, the pancake is ready. Heat the butter over a medium heat and add it to the pancake. It makes the pancake taste more delicious.
The question is: The passage tells us how to make   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:bread
B:dumplings
C:pancakes
D:hamburgersPeter Qwen has been making wigs  since the 1980s . He has made wigs for the stars of more than seventy movies ,including Tom Hanks in Philadelphia, Johnny Depp in Sleepy Hollow and Nicole Kidman in The Others. One of his biggest jobs so far has designed the hair and makeup for the three Lord o f the Ring movies . He had just six weeks to design and make more than a hundred wigs, each one a different style, color, shape and length.
The hair and makeup in a movie are just as important as the costumes or the sets. Over the years, Peter has made actors look older, younger, healthy and sick. For one movie he even made a female actor look like a man! "What people don't realize about wigs is that we are not always making people more beautiful," he says. "Often we are covering up beauty and making them look ordinary."
All Peter's wigs are handmade using human hair, so they look as real as possible. This also makes them very expensive -between US $ 4,500 and US $12,500 each! He knows he's done a good job when people don't realize the star of the movie is wearing a wig. So he was pleased when one newspaper said that Nicole Kidman had dyed her hair dark brown for a movie. "It was a wig and no one knew that9" he said.
The question is: What special feature about wigs does Peter mention?
The possible answers are:
A:They can make people more beautiful.
B:They can change people's hair styles.
C:They can cover up beauty and make people look ordinary.
D:They can make people look younger.International students in Christine Rhodes' English class in Australia share theirimpressions   of places they have visited in Australia.
Canberra, the nicest city in Australia
I went for a short holiday to Canberra. My uncle lives there. It's the nicest city in Australia, a little bit similar to Cairns. There're lots of big rivers and trees around the city.
Siggi Siebold from Germany
The small city of Mount Isa
I went to Mount Isa six months ago. It's a long way from Brisbane -- about 2,000 km. It's a small city, with a population of 21,000, but it has all the basic _ such as a base hospital, six schools and supermarkets. Here the weather is hot and gets very little rain. There're two big lakes to keep rainwater for people in the city to drink.
Indra Ekanayake
Lake Moondarra and amine  
In Mount Isa, there's adam   called Lake Moondarra. At weekends you can go there with your friends, and it is beautiful. On the lake, there is water skiing. Also, people can go fishing there.
There's a big mine in Mount Isa. Many people go to work in the mine and earn a lot of money. Mount Isa isn't a beautiful green place, but many people love it.
Ida Robb from Indonesia
The question is: Which of the following is NOT mentioned by Ida Robb?
The possible answers are:
A:People can go fishing on Lake Moondarra.
B:There are 21,000 people in Mount Isa.
C:There's a big mine in Mount Isa.
D:Many people like Mount Isa though it isn't a beautiful green place.When Abraham Lincoln was just a boy, he had to help his father to look after their farm. It was hard work and there wasn't anything interesting for him. Abraham wanted to go to school, but there was no school there. He was sad most of the time.
Mrs. Lincoln loved the boy very much. She tried her best to make Abraham happy. One morning she got up early and went to the town. It was a long way, so it took her a long time to get there. She bought something there and went back. It was late in the evening when she got home.
The next morning Mrs. Lincoln said to Abraham,"Today is your birthday, so we're going to have a party."She put some food on the table, and then brought out a present.
"A book!"Abraham cried. It was an old book, but he liked it. A smile came on his face. He looked up at Mrs. Lincoln and said,"Thank you, Mom."
The question is: On the farm most of the time little Lincoln was   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:happy
B:unhappy
C:worried
D:angryOn June 26, 2000, two scientists, called Francis Collins and Craig Venter, told the world that they could read the whole "map" of the human body: DNA. DNA is something that everybody has, and it tells the body what to do. DNA is the reason that we look like our mother and father, because we get some of their DNA to make our own.
People have been trying to understand the human body for a long time. In 1860, Gregor Mendel discovered a special reason why we look the same as other people in our family. It is because of small things named "genes" in our body. In 1953, James Watson and Francis Crick made another discovery and found out that those small parts are real messages written in the DNA with a special language.
In 1961, Marshall Nirenberg and Johann Matthaci found a message in DNA showing how DNA tells the cell to build its parts. Scientists have now found all the words in the DNA map, but we still do not understand what they all do. By understanding what just one "word"   means, we can help save more people from several illnesses.
Most people hope that this will help make better medicine and help sick people. Other people worry that when people begin to know more words and find out lots of other information, we might use it in a wrong way, just to make people more attractive, or stop sick people from getting jobs. Man would have to meet a lot of trouble if DNA technic wasn't limited in use.
The question is: What do people think about this work'?
The possible answers are:
A:It can cause good or bad results.
B:It can cause only good results.
C:It can cause good results but won't work.
D:It can cause only bad results.Mrs. King is an American doctor. She is now in China. She works in a Children's Hospital in Beijing. She is also learning Chinese medicine  there. She likes Chinese medicine very much. She loves working for children. She works hard in the day and reads English books on  Chinese medicine at night. She learns Chinese from the Chinese doctors and her Chinese friends. Now she can speak some Chinese. She can read some Chinese books, too.
Her husband Mr. King is a teacher. He teaches English in a junior high school in Beijing. He works hard, too. He works from Monday to Friday. He teaches three classes every day. Sometimes, on Saturdays and Sundays, he teaches other English classes. He wants to make more money .
The question is: Mrs. King learns Chinese from   _   .
The possible answers are:
A:her teacher
B:the books
C:the doctors
D:the Chinese doctors and her Chinese friendsI am Wei Fang. I am a Chinese girl. I have  a good friend. Her name is Miaomiao. Do you think  Miaomiao is a nice girl ? That's wrong . She isn't a girl but a cat. She's a little   lovely  cat. Miaomiao is black and brown. She is only fourteen days old. She _ e  her mother Mimi.
The question is: Miaomiao is Wei Fang's   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:student
B:sister
C:brother
D:catMy name's Molly. I'm a lion. I am three years old .My favorite food is meat and I like to eat little animals .I like the forest ,but I live in the zoo now, I live in a big cage. I can't run and I can't see my parents,I don't like the zoo or the cage. Every day I get up in the cage ,I have breakfast,lunch and dinner in the cage. I sleep in the cage .I really want to run in the forest and live with my parents.
The question is: Molly wants to   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:have a dinner
B:sleep in the cage
C:run in the forest
D:play sports in the zooIn America, people change jobs ten times during their lives. They change their homes eleven times. Americans like change because they think it _ their lives.
In China, some people, of course, don't like change. They want life to be predictable . They want to do the same things every day and to see the same people every day. When something changes, it makes them feel uncomfortable, like a child who can't go to sleep unless all his toys are in their proper places.
But can't you see there are many changes in China? People are healthier and they are living longer. People have more money, more food and they are better educated .
Without change, our lives would be very boring. It would be like listening to the same song over and over again. Change is a big part of life and we all change in small ways every day --the young get stronger, the old get weaker; we meet new friends; we find new interests. Change is good for China and it will be good for you, too.
The question is: What is NOT China's change?
The possible answers are:
A:People are healthier and they are living longer.
B:People have more money and more food
C:People are better educated
D:People change their homes eleven timesMy grandpa is 93 years old this year. He is very healthy and looks young. Many people ask him why he is so healthy.
Grandpa says good diet is very important to everyone. Grandpa has three meals a day regularly . He often eats lots of vegetables and fruit. He never drinks or smokes . He says they are bad for health. After he gets up in the morning, he often drinks a cup of water. And before he goes to bed in the evening, he has a cup of milk. He says everyone should drink some water before breakfast.
Grandpa has a good lifestyle, too. He likes sports. He likes playing ping-pong and badminton. Sometimes he goes swimming. He goes running every day before breakfast, too. He says exercise can help a person keep healthy and strong. Grandpa likes watching TV. But he only watches TV in the afternoon. He doesn't watch too much TV. Many old people like playing Majon, but grandpa doesn't. He says sitting in the chair for long time is not good for health.
The question is: Grandpa usually   _   before he goes to bed.
The possible answers are:
A:drinks some water
B:drinks some milk
C:drinks some tea
D:drinks some juiceTo make Chinese students healthier and stronger, China's Ministry of Education   has started a campaign. The campaign asks students to run every school day. Te campaign has started since October last year and will last until April this year.
Kids at primary schools have to run 1km per day. It's 1.5kms for middle school students and 2 kms for high  school and university students. And records will be set for every student. By the end of April 2009, a primary school student has to run 120kms in total/ A middle school students have to run 240kms by that time.
Since the campaign started, people have had different ideas about it. Some people think it is good for students. They think the campaign can make students healthier. Some students have little exercise and the campaign can make them run. But some people don't think so. They think some schools don't have enough place for students to do running. If students have to run on the road, maybe it is not safe. They also think there are many ways to become healthier; running is not the only way. So they think the campaign is not a right decision.
The question is: How long will the campaign last?   _
The possible answers are:
A:Seven months
B:Two months
C:In October
D:In AprilThe Smiths are going to visit Hong Kong next summer. They will fly there. They will spend about two weeks there.
First, they are going to visit all the places of interest  in the city and also do some shopping. They can enjoy shopping until ten o'clock at night.
Second, they are going to eat delicious food there. There are many Chinese and western restaurants there. They can enjoy many kinds of food, for example, fish, meat and vegetables.
Last, they are going to visit Disneyland. There are lots of interesting things to do. They will take lots of photos there.
They are looking forward to their summer holidays.
The question is: The shopping mall in Hong Kong may open   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:until 10:00 p.m.
B:after 10:00 p.m.
C:the whole night
D:until 9:00 p.m.Not long ago, the only time you could see a robot was when you were reading a novel or watching a movie such asStar Wars   . Today, however, a lot of things in science stories have been science facts. Robots are starting to appear in our everyday lives. These robots have different sizes, shapes, and colors. But they all have the same type of man-made "brain". Leading the robot revolution  are industrial  robots that work in factories. Industrial  robots can do different kinds of jobs that are often boring and sometimes dangerous. Robots are also coming to American homes, though not as quickly as they are entering factories. These robots aren't as friendly and bright as those you saw in Star Wars.But, their makers say, today's home robots "walk", sense objects  in their way (and sometimes knock into them), and even carry objects (which they sometimes drop). Well, nobody is perfect.
We may laugh at home robot today, but some day they may see and hear better than humans do. We humans can only see certain wavelengths  of light, and hear certain sounds. That's because the abilities of our eyes and ears are limited. Robots, however, need not have the same limits as we have. Robot may also be equipped with devices that pick up information humans can't. To understand what their sensing devices  pick up is a hard job. Remember, man--made brains handle information, including all kinds of data, as zeroes and ones. Imagine the difficulty in trying to explain to a robot what a football looks like--using only zeroes and ones.
The question is: The development of robots suggests that   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:science and technology are developing fast
B:people are interested in new inventions
C:machines are more capable than humans
D:robots can be very interestingIf you are an auditory learner, you learn by hearing. You often learn by reading out aloud because you have to hear it or speak it in order to remember it.
Here are some things that auditory learners can do to learn better.
*Sit where you can hear.
*U se cards to learn new words; read them out aloud.
*Read stories or material out aloud.
*Record yourself when you are spelling words and then listen to the recording.
*Study new material by reading it out aloud.
If you are a visual learner, you learn by reading or seeing pictures. You like to see what you are learning.
Here are some things that visual learners can do to learn better.
*Sit near the front of the classroom.
*Use cards to learn new words.
*Try to visualize things that you hear or things that are read to you.
*Write down key words or ideas.
*Draw pictures to help explain new ideas and then explain the pictures.
If you are a tactile learner, you learn by touching and doing. You are a "hands-on" learner who likes to touch, move, build, or draw what you learn.
Here are some things that tactile learners can do to learn better.
*Do lots of hands-on activities like doing art projects , taking walks, or acting out storie s.
*Use cards and put them in groups to show relationships between them.
*Follow words with your finger to learn spelling (finger spelling).
*It's OK to tap   a pencil, shake your foot, or hold on to something while learning.
,.
The question is: If Mike is a tactile learner, what can he do to learn better?
The possible answers are:
A:Explain pictures.
B:Write down ideas.
C:Read words out aloud.
D:Learn spelling with his finger.Little James likes sports, so he is tall and strong in his middle school. He likes playing soccer very much, he thinks it's interesting. His grandma lives  in a village . One day, she comes to school and sees him.
Grandma doesn't find the boy in the classroom, so she goes to look for  him in the school. She finds James and some boys play with only one ball. Grandma says to him:"Don't play with them, I can buy  a ball for you."
The question is: From the story ,we can know  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:Grandma loves James.
B:Grandma knows how to play soccer.
C:Grandma thinks soccer is interesting.
D:Grandma is a teacher.Welcome you to a friendly family run pub
THE BOOT
FREE HOUSE
18 Brinkley Rd Dullingham, Near Newmarket  Tel: 01638 507327
Beer Festival 29 April - 2 May
ALWAYS AVAILABLE
Adanms Best Bitter, Broadside & Guest Beers
Traditional Pub Food served  Mon - Fri  12noon--2pm
Opening Times:
Monday to Friday  11am--2:30pm & 5pm - 11pm
Saturday: 11am--11pm     Sunday: 12 noon -2:30pm & 7pm - 10:30pm
The question is: According to the advertisement, the pub is run by  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:a family
B:a friend
C:a farm
D:a bossYou've probably seen it before-two elderly people walking hand in hand down the street and looking very much like each other. They look so much alike that they could be brother and sister.
Do you believe that people who live together for many years would look alike? It's strange. but scientists say it's true.
How scientists proved it? In a study, scientists found young couples only showed similarity by chance. However, elder couples were very likely to look like each other. The similarity could be very subtle  and could be found in wrinkles  or furrows, etc. Besides, some couples look far more alike than other couples.
The scientists thought of several possible reasons:
1. Diet. "We are what we eat." As couples usually share the same diet, will they probably look alike? For example, if both partners eat a high fat diet, their faces will tend to look fat. However, the scientists ruled this out  using another small study.
2. Environment. Will elderly couples show similarity because they live together in the same area for a long time? The environmental factors  such as sunshine and wind affect the skin in similar ways. The scientists ruled this possibility out as well.
3. Empathy . This is the theory  the scientists believe in. Couples grow to look similar because they are empathizing with each other. They copy each other's facial expressions. For example, if one partner often smiles in a certain way, the other is likely to copy it. In this way, their faces share similar wrinkles and furrows.
The question is: Scientists think that the old couples look alike in their   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:ages
B:education
C:appearance
D:abilitiesHow do you feel when you stay in hospital alone? Jenny, 13, a US student, feels bored. She knows the feeling because she has been in hospital many times herself. One day, she thought of an idea--if patients could get some books to read, they would feel better. So, from May, she and many of her friends began to collect books for hospital patients.
In six months the students collected 1,250 books at school. They decided to donate the books to the North Shore Medical Centre, a children's hospital next door to their school. "There are books for kids of all ages, from babies up to high school level." said Jenny.
The students put the books into "early readers", "middle readers" and "advanced readers". Then they wrote their best wishes to patients on bookmarks   and letters, put the books in big boxes and donated them to the hospital.
"We wrote things like, "Keep on reading!' and 'Hope you feel better!," said John, 14, Jenny's brother. "And we also wrote some funny things to make them laugh."
Frank, 12, and Steven, 14, helped carry 16 large boxes of books into a car. "I think these books will make me a lot of patients feel happy." said Frank. Steven shared his opinion. "It is really the most meaningful thing that I have ever done in my life."
The question is: Which of the following words can be used to describe those students?
The possible answers are:
A:Polite and hard-working
B:Lazy and stubborn
C:Selfish and proud
D:Thoughtful and helpfulAugust 14, 2002
#The biggest shopping center KRF will open on August 18. Everyone with Today's newspaper will get a small gift. You are welcome.
Address: No. 6 Bridge Street
#English Newspaper, is looking for good English speakers as editors. He should study news in college. He will get $8,000 a year. Please send you application form  in 10 days.
Tel: 3898766 Address: No 5 Longway Street Email: englishnewspaper@yahoo.com
#Traditional Chinese doctor treatment. RMB 200/hourI'll go to your home.
Mobile: 137629390
#New York VS Chinese Dragon Team
Time: 7 PM Sunday, August 17    Place: Star Stadium
Price: RMB 300, RMB 280, RMB 180, RMB 80,
The question is: If a person wants three cheapest tickets to watch the match, he will pay RMB  _  Yuan.
The possible answers are:
A:160
B:80
C:240
D:350All students need to have good habits :When you have good study habits, you learn things quickly. You also remember them easily.
Do you like to study in the living room? This is not a good place because it is usually too noisy. The telephone bell rings there; the TV is there, and sometimes it is a good place for your pet dog or cats to play and rest. You need to study in a quiet place, like your bedroom. A quiet place will help you only think about one thing, and you will learn better.
Before you begin to study, do not forget to clean your desk. A good desk light is important, too. You'll feel tired easily if there is not enough light . So you should have a clean and bright lamp. To tell you the truth, the most important is that you should put your heart into your study.
The question is: You'll feel tired easily if the light is  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:good
B:enough
C:bad
D:wonderfulImagine the situation. You are driving along a desert or on a mountain. You have no idea where you are. You passed the last house two hours ago. Then your car breaks down. It is night and it is cold. You have no mobile phone. What do you do? Well, next time take a GPS with you. This invention may be able to help you. It is a device   which uses satellites to find the user's position. It can find your position in 20 meters. A GPS can't start your car, but at least you will know where you are.
GPS, which means Global Positioning System, is a small radio receiver. It looks like a mobile phone. You can hold it in your hand, or put it in your pocket. It is sometimes put into a watch or a telephone. We also find GPS devices in cars, planes, or boats. Some of these devices have electronic maps, so you know where you are. For example, in a city they can tell you the name of the street.
There are three parts to the Global Positioning System. The first part is the receiver. You can hold it in your hand, or have it fixed into your car, plane, etc. The second part is a group of satellites orbiting  the earth. The receiver contacts at least four of the satellites and calculates its position. The third part of the system is a network of ground stations. They are all over the world. They control the satellites and make sure they are working well.
Some people think that in the future the GPS will be as common as the mobile. They are becoming cheaper and more and more accurate . There are also many new uses for the GPS. Perhaps they will become like watches. Everyone will have one and you will never be lost again.
The question is: Maybe in the future the GPS will be   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:cheaper than mobile phones
B:as common as watches.
C:having few new uses
D:more accurate than now.Alice is a white dog. She is two.Bob is a brown dog. Bob and Alice are good friends. Look at the two dogs.
Bob:Good morning!
Alice: Good morning!
Bob:What's this?
Alice: It's a jacket. It's my sister's. Oh, my sister is Grace.
Bob:What's that?
Alice:It's a book. It's Miss Miller's book. She is an English teacher.
Bob:Well,dogs don't like books.
The question is: Alice and Grace are  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:jackets
B:teachers
C:books
D:dogsWho could forget those sleepless nights last summer watching Germany beat Brazil  and Argentina  to win the 2014 World Cup in Brazil?
It was their fourth World Cup, and it gave them the No.1 position in FIFA . Germany is becoming the most important soccer team in the world. But how has this change happened? A newspaper offers a clue: "For over 10 years, German teams have been building in the right way."
After Germany scored only one goal at the 2000 European Championships, Germans wondered why the country no longer produced good young players. So in 2001, the German Football League required that all Bundesliga   clubs set up schools with youth teams from Under-12s to Under-23s.
The clubs now spend over EUR100 million (764 million yuan) on youth development every year. And they have improved young German players enough to put them among the best in Europe. For example, Bayern Munich  player Thomas Mueller, 25, who scored five times at the 2014 World Cup, was educated in one of the schools.
More than anything, though, it is team work that has pushed the Bundesliga forward. Bayern is the richest team in Germany, but the team helps its rivals   when needed.
Through the country's World Cup performances , the German soccer tradition is doing better than ever. Germany can play on top of the world for a few years yet.
The question is: What is the passage mainly about?
The possible answers are:
A:Why soccer is so popular in Germany?
B:What has made Germany a successful soccer team.
C:The failures and successes of the German soccer team.
D:How the German soccer team became the world champions  this summer.An old man was going home late one night with his horse and cart after a day's hard work. When he was not far from his house, the light on the cart went out. He tried but could not mend   it. He was near his home, and so he went along the road without a light. When a policeman saw this, he stopped the old carter.
"Where is your light?" asked the policeman. "No man may take a cart along the road at night without a light. You know that. You have broken the law  ." "I had a light, but it has just gone out," said the old man.
"I don't believe that story," said the policeman. He took out a book and got ready to write. What's your name and where do you live?" he asked.
"Please don't take my name," said the old man. "My home is just there. You can see it from here. I had a light nearly the whole way. I haven't come far without a light."
"You came all the way without a light. What's your name?"
The carter quickly took the policeman's hand and put it down on top of the light. The light was still hot and burnt the policeman's hand. The policeman jumped and he was very angry. "Now, what do you think?" said the carter. "Did I come all the way without a light?"
The question is: The cart was stopped by the policeman because   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:the old man didn't have a light
B:the policeman didn't believe the old man's words
C:the old man didn't want to tell his name
D:the light on the old man's cart was not onMrs Green had a young dog which was very clever. It often helped her buy a newspaper. One winter evening, the dog went out to play. It was snowing heavily. Soon the ground became white.
" The dog never loses his way. Where is he now?" Mrs Green thought. She shouted his name.
But still the dog didn't come back. So she telephoned the police and told them a lot about her dog.
" My dog is very clever. He always goes out and comes back soon. Sometimes he plays with his friend, Mickey. He can buy a newspaper. _ ."
The policeman was tired and said, " I think you'd better put your telephone down. Maybe _ is trying to telephone you now."
The question is: The story happened   _
The possible answers are:
A:in summer
B:in winter
C:in autumn
D:in springDear Mary,
I am not happy these days. I am new in this class, you know, but I don' t have any friends here. I always have to keep quiet and put my heart into my study. I thought things would be fine.
It's very hard for me to be happy and sometimes I get lost in thought. So I can't follow the teacher. I know it is not right like this, but I can't control myself in class. Then my study is bad now. Some students make fun of me. I feel hurt , but I don't show my anger. In fact, I have to hide  my unhappiness. I feel terrible.
Dear Mary, I really don't know what to do now, Can you help me?
Yours,
Jane
,A, B, C, D,, .
The question is: Who wrote the letter?
The possible answers are:
A:Mary
B:Jane
C:Mary and Jane
D:LucyThere is a lion in a forest. Every day he goes about to look for food. The small animals in the forest are all afraid of him. Not far from the forest there are four bulls(   ). They are good friends, and often go about together. The lion tries many times to catch them, but can't do so. Every time he comes near, the four bulls stand together to fight him. So he can do nothing to him.
One day the bulls have a quarrel(   ). After that each of them goes his own way. When the lion sees this, he is happy. He catches one bull and eats him up. Then he catches another. One by one he catches all the four bulls and eats them up.
The question is: What does the story want to tell us?
The possible answers are:
A:The lion is the King in the forest.
B:Bulls are foolish to quarrel with each other.
C:Lions are stronger than bulls.
D:Untion  is strengthThere is a big tree in front of my house. A black bird lives in the tree. Every day I take some food to the tree. The bird sees me and comes down. The food is in my hand. The bird comes to my hand and eats it. After that it goes back to the tree.
I give some food to the bird every day. And so the bird knows me. I like the bird and the bird likes me. We are good friends.
The question is: How does the writer feed the bird?
The possible answers are:
A:Every day.
B:Once a day.
C:He throws some food to the bird.
D:The bird comes down to eat the food in his hand.Justin Bieber was nominated for the Best New Artist Grammy 2011. Both he and his fans were excited to hear the great news!
Born on March 1, 1994, in Canada, Justin entered a singing contest when he was 12 and won the second place. He taught himself to play the piano, drums and guitar. In 2007 Justin posted videos of his singing on the Internet and became famous. In 2008, he became a singer with a record company. Since then, he has become a big name. Justin is so popular that screaming fans show up everywhere for his appearance. Several of his performances had to be cancelled because there were too many fans!
In February, 2011, Justin's biopic Never Say Never will come out. Justin came from a poor family. But he said in his book that not having as many things as his friends made him stronger and built his character. He wants to tell people that you can do anything if you just put your mind to it.
The question is: Which of the following is True according to the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:Justin was born in a rich family on March 1, 1994, in Canada.
B:Justin entered a singing contest when he was 12 and won the first place.
C:Justin is so terrible that he has few fans.
D:Justin said that poor environment made him stronger and built his character.Look at the photo. The two girls have big blue eyes and long brown hair. They are ten. They are in the same class. The one in a yellow skirt is Lily. The other one in an orange skirt is Lucy. Bob is their   brother  . He is in a blue cap. He is a high school student. Their dad is Mr. White. He is in a brown coat. Their mom is Mrs. White. She is in black shoes. Look!Lucy and Lily are in the green car.
.
The question is: What color are the girls'   eyes?
The possible answers are:
A:Blue..
B:Blond
C:Brown.
D:Black.When I was at university,I studied very hard.But a lot of my friends did very little work.Some did just enough to pass exams.Others didn't do quite enough.Fred Baines was one of them.He spent more time drinking in the Students' Union than working in the library.
Once at the end of the term,we had to take an important test in chemistry.The test had a hundred questions. In my room the night before the test,Fred was watching TV.Fred usually worried a lot the night before a test.But on that night he looked perfectly calm.Then he told me of his plan."It's very simple.There are a hundred questions and I have to get fifty correct to pass the test.I'll take a coin into the examination room.I haven't studied a chemistry book for months,so I'll just toss the coin.That way,I'm sure I'll get half the questions right."
The next day,Fred came happily into the exam room.As he sat tossing a coin for half an hour he marked down his answers.Then he left,half an hour before the rest of us.
The next day,he saw the chemistry professor in the corridor."Oh,good,"he said,"Have you got the result of the test?"The professor looked at him and smiled,"Ah,it's you,Baines.Just a minute."Then he reached into his pocket and took out a coin.He threw it into the air,caught it in his hand and looked at it.
"I'm terribly sorry,Baines,"he said,"You failed!"
The question is: The chemistry exam in fact   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:was not very hard
B:took the other students an hour to finish
C:had more than one hundred questions
D:needed to be done by tossing a coinYou-yes, you!-can help keep people from getting sick this flu season. How? It's not too hard. Just take these steps:
*Wash your hands often, especially before eating and after coughing or blowing your nose.
*Keep your coughs to yourself(use a _ instead of your hand).
*Keep your hands out of your eyes, mouth, and nose.
You may have heard all this before, but flu season is a great time to really start doing them. By following these pieces of advice, you might be able to keep yourself from getting sick and stop germs  from spreading around and making other people sick.
So your hands are very important. A lot of germs get in our bodies from there. Germs get on our hands and we put our hands in our eyes, noses, and, especially, our mouths.
How to stop germs? Yeah, hand washing. You might pick up germs here and there. So when you wash your hands, you wash away germs.
But how to wash your hands? That's easy: wash your hands with soap and warm water(not cold or hot). Don't forget to wash around your fingernails . This is one place germs like to be. Wash for about 15 to 20 seconds---about how long it takes to sing "Happy Birthday" twice.
The question is: Maybe you needn't wash your hands   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:before eating
B:after coughing
C:after eating
D:blowing your noseMr. Green and his wife had a dog. When they went out, they always left the dog inside the house. One evening they wanted to go to the cinema, so they left the dog in the house and locked the door and their garden gate. They went off in their car.
When the film was finished, they went home. They opened the gate and put the car away. When they came to the front door, they found that the glass in the door was broken. The door was not locked and it was open. A robber! They went in and quickly looked in all the rooms to see if the robber had taken their things. However, everything was in the right place and nothing at all was missing.
The dog was sleeping in the sitting-room. The wife was angry with the dog."Why didn't you guard the house?"she said. The dog was pleased to see Mr. and Mrs. Green. It began to wag its tail and then it went to a comer of the room and picked up something in its mouth. It went to the wife and dropped the thing at her feet. When she went to pick it up, she was very surprised. Can you guess what the dog's present was ?It was a man's finger!
The end of the story is this. Mr. Green telephoned the police and told them everything. Three days later the police caught the robber. They found him easily.
The question is: Mr. Green and his wife would   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:like their dog more than before
B:drive the dog away from their home
C:let the dog bring home more presents
D:ask the police to take the dog awayThere are four seasons in a year. They are spring, summer. autumn and winter.
Spring is a beautiful season. In spring, the trees turn green and the flowers come out. Everything looks new. We can have a trip in spring. Summer is a happy season. In summer, we can swim and eat lots of ice cream. Autumn is a
season. In autumn, some leaves on the trees turn yellow or red. Winter is a cold season. In some places, it snows and everything looks white. The children like playing with snow.
Winter is my favourite season. I like snow very much.
The question is: The writer likes winter because he likes    _    .
The possible answers are:
A:green leaves
B:ice cream
C:flowers
D:snowA Gold Cup for an Orange
There is a poor man. He has an orange tree. On the tree, there are many fine oranges. One of them is very, very big. It is as big as a football. Nobody sees so big an orange. The poor man is very happy. He takes it to the king . The King is so pleased that he gives the man a lot of money for it.
When a rich man hears of it, he says to himself, "It's only an orange. Why does the king give so much money for it? I'll take my gold cup to the king. He'll give me more money".
The next day when the king receives   the gold cup, he says to the rich man, "what a beautiful cup! I'll show you something wonderful, please take this great orange away.
The question is: How many people are there in the story?
The possible answers are:
A:Four
B:Two
C:Three
D:FiveMy summer hols wr CWOT. B4, we usd 2 go 2 NY 2C my bro, his CF & thr 3:-@ kids FTF ILNY, its gr8.
Can you understand this sentence? If you can't, don't feel too bad: neither could the middle school teacher in England who received this as homework. This is Netspeak: the language of computerized communication found on Internet or cellphones. To newcomers, it can look like a completely foreign language. So, what is the "translation" of the sentence above? My summer holidays were a complete waste of time. Before, we used to go to New York to see my brother, his girlfriend, and their three screaming kids face to face. I love New York; it's great.
Schoolteachers and parents say this new form of writing is harming the English language. Increasing spelling and grammatical mistakes cxan be seen in students' writing. They fear the language could become corrupted .
Everyone should just relax, say linguists . They believe Netspeak is in fact more of a good thing. David Crystal, from the University of Wales, argues that Netspeak and Internet create a new language use and the almost lost art of diary writing has been picked up again. Geoffrey Nunberg, from Stanford University, agrees. "People get better at writing by writing," he says, "Kids who are now doing text messaging, e-mail, and instant messages will write at least as well as, and possibly better than, their parents."
Linguist James Millroy says, for centuries, it is believed without exception that young people are harming the language. And you can bet your bottom dollar that when today's teenagers become tomorrow's parents, they too will think this way. Milroy argues that languages do not and cannot become "corrupted"; they simply change to meet the new needs.
However, Netspeakers do agree that it is important to teach young people how to speak and write Standard English. Cynthia McVey says, "I can understand Netspeak worries teachers and it's important that they get across to their pupils that text messaging is for fun, but that learning to write proper English is a must for their future."
Perhaps we should give teenagers a little more trust anyway. Erin, age 12, says, "I wouldn't use text language in my homework. Texting is just for fun"
The question is: Which of the following is true according to the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:Cynthia McVey points out teenagers can deal with Netspeak properly.
B:Geoffrey Nunberg believes Netspeakers can write Standard English.
C:David Crystal thinks Netspeak helps develop the habit of writing.
D:James Milroy says that language is changing and improving.Mrs. Green's telephone number was three-four-six-three, and the number of the cinema near her house was three-four-six-four. So people often made a mistake and telephoned her when they wanted the cinema.
One evening the telephone rang and Mrs. Green answered it. A tired man said, "At what time your last film begin?"
"I'm sorry," said Mrs. Green, "but you have the wrong number. This is not the cinema." "Oh. It began twenty minutes ago," said the man, "I am sorry about that. Goodbye." Mrs. Green was very surprised, so she told her husband. He laughed and said, "The man's wife wanted to go to the cinema, but he was feeling tired, so telephoned the cinema. The man's wife heard him, but she didn't hear you. Now they will stay at home this evening and the husband will be happy."
The question is: what will the man most probably do after the telephone?
The possible answers are:
A:stay at home.
B:go to the cinema.
C:go to Mr. Green's.
D:go to work.During a winter storm in 1919, one dog managed to save the lives of the people on the ship Ethie. Today, people still tell the story of the dog.
In December 1919, Ethie was travelling along the coast of northern Canada. Without warning, the ship ran into a bad storm. Because of high winds and heavy snow, the captain could not tell where he was going. Sailing too close to the shore  , the ship could not move because of some rocks. Ethie was in danger.
The captain decided to save the people on his ship. He thought it was too dangerous to try to reach the shore by lifeboat, so he sent up flares   to call for help. People saw the flares and rushed to the beach. The crew   tried to throw a rope   to them, but there seemed to be no way to get a rope to the shore.
In the early 1900s ships often carried a large kind of dog called a Newfoundland. Newfoundlands are excellent swimmers. During sea journeys, Newfoundlands would bring back things that had fallen off the ship or even save people from the sea.
The Newfoundland on Ethie was named Tang. The captain decided that Tang offered their best hope of survival  . He gave the dog a long rope. Holding the rope between his teeth, Tang jumped into the _ water. He fought his way through high waves and strong winds. Finally he reached the beach.
The people on the shore took the rope. The rope became the ship's lifeline.
Because of Tang, all the people on Ethie landed on the beach safely. He was given a special medal for being a hero. Tang wore the medal for the rest of his life.
The question is: Ethie could not move near the shore because of  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:the high waves
B:the heavy snow
C:some rocks in the sea
D:the strong windsHello! I'm Jason. On Monday, I usually wake up late and have no time to have breakfast. I can't find my books or my school cap. At last, I find my books and my school cap in the bathroom. I have to wait for a bus and I am nearly late for school.
The first lesson on Monday morning is Maths. I like it because I'm good at Maths.
The next lesson is French. I like French. It's nice to be able to talk with somebody in another language.
At last, it is eleven o'clock -- time for break. After having a break, we have two Latin lessons. There are a lot of boys in our class who don't like Latin. I don't like it, either.
At half past twelve, it is time for lunch -- a meat pie, potatoes or cabbage and a glass of juice or milk. Then I go to the playground with my friends, and we play football there.
After lunch, we have a History lesson. The History teacher tells us many interesting things.
After school, my friends and I usually go for a walk. I come home very late, and my mother is very angry.
The question is: What does Jason do after school?
The possible answers are:
A:Playfootball.
B:Play basketball.
C:Play table tennis.
D:Goforawalk.Miss Evans was going to give a lecture   on Friday afternoon. But on Thursday night she was told that she had to go to an important meeting the next day at the same time. "No one can be in two places at the same time. What shall I do?" she thought. But soon, she had an idea. At five to three on Friday afternoon, Miss Evans went to the lecture room. There were twenty students waiting there for her. "I'm sorry," she told them, "I won't be able to give my lecture today." The students looked surprised. Miss Evans explained  that she had an important meeting. "However," she went on, "though I can't be with you myself, my voice can." Then she put a small tape recorder   on the desk, "You see, I've recorded my lecture and you can listen to it without me." Miss Evans turned on the recorder and left.
The meeting ended a little early. Miss Evans decided to go back to her students. She stood for a moment outside the lecture room, listening to her own voice. Then quickly, she opened the door. To her surprise, the room was empty. As she looked around, she saw a number of small recorders "listening" to her lecture!
"Well," she thought, "If I can be in two places at the same time, why can't they?"
The question is: Miss Evans thought it was   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:all right for her students to do the same as she did
B:wrong for her students to be absent  from the lecture
C:kind of her students to leave so many recorders
D:good for her students to do the same as she didI'm Jenny. Nothing is cuter than my dog, Marley. He sleeps near my bed at night and gives me kisses every morning. He gets sad when I leave for school. But he's always there waiting when I get home., ready to go for a walk or play a game.
On a Christmas Eve , Marley walked with my family to a store. My mum tied him up outside. When we came out of the store, Marley had gone. My mum called the police to report that he had been stolen. We couldn't find him anywhere. I was very sad. It was the worst Christmas Eve ever.
That night, I didn't sleep well. My cat seemed to know I was sad and hugged me to make me feel better. On Christmas morning, I woke up and called for Marley. Then I remembered that he had gone.
Even though it was Christmas, I didn't want presents. I didn't want anything, except my friend.
Then my mum got a phone call. Someone found him! A woman saw a man on the street trying to sell a scared dog. She felt bad for the dog and used her own money(more than $200)to buy him. She took him to a vet . The vet scanned the dog for a microchip .The vet found our phone number in the microchip and called my mum.
I was so excited when I saw Marley. I want to say thanks to that woman. She's my hero. Getting Marley back was the best Christmas present ever.
The question is: Jenny's mum got the phone call from   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:the police
B:the woman
C:the vet
D:the manOne day when some government officials  were building a barn , they found a mouse hole in a corner and used smoke to make the mice inside the hole come out. A while later they indeed saw mice running out, one after another. Then, everyone thought that all the mice had escaped. But just as they began to clean up, they saw two mice squeezing out at the mouth of the hole. With some efforts, the mice finally got out. However, it was strange that after they came out of the hole, they didn't run away immediately. Instead, one chased after the other near the mouth of the hole. It seemed that one was trying to bite the tail of the other.
Everyone was puzzled , so they stepped near to take a look. They realized that one of the mice was blind and couldn't see anything, and the other was trying to allow the blind mouse to bite on his tail so that he could pull the blind one with him to escape.
After seeing what happened, everyone was speechless and lost in thought. During the meal time, the group of people sat down in a circle and started to chat about what happened to the two mice.
One serious American official said, "I think the relationship between those mice was that of king and guard ." The other thought for a while and said, "That is why!"
A smart Frenchman said, "I think the relationship between those two mice was that of husband and wife." Again the others thought for a while, and all felt it made sense.
A Japanese said, "I think the relationship between those two mice was that of mother and son." Once again the others thought for a while, and felt this was more reasonable. So they expressed  agreement another time.
At that moment, one Chinese asked, "Why did those two mice have to have a certain relationship?"
Suddenly, the group looked back at the Chinese and stayed speechless. The American official, the French and the Japanese who had spoken earlier all lowered their heads in shame , and did not dare to answer.
In fact, the true love is not built on friendship, loyalty  or blood relationship.
Instead, it is based on no relationship.
The question is: The words "it made sense" probably mean   _
The possible answers are:
A:it was correct
B:it was strange
C:it was funny
D:it was sweetHans Christian Andersen 
Hans Christian Andersen is a great writer. He wrote many popular stories for children all over the world. April 2 is his birthday and it is also Children's Book Day.
Andersen was born  in 1805. When he was a little boy, his father read him a story every day. He felt very happy at that time. But his father died when he was 11 years old. Then he had to leave school. Andersen started working as an actor and singer. He loved reading books so much that he went back to school at 17. His first book _ in 1835. From then on, he wrote about one book a year for 37 years.
There will be a park about Andersen's sales  and life in Shanghai. If you like Andersen, you can go there to learn about his life and tales, and you can play games too.
,.
The question is: Andersen's father died in  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:1805
B:1816
C:1822
D:1835To me, the concept  of home changes along with my age all the time.[:]
In my childhood, home was a number of calls. It seems that I had more free time than today's children. I didn't have to show up in front of my parents right after school, instead I would go to play with my classmates who lived in the neighborhood. We played like mad until dinner was ready and our parents called "Come back! Come home for supper!" Days passed by as I grew up in the _ of those calls which are still echoing  in my ears even now.
In a short while, my childhood was gone. When a thin layer of hair  began to grow around the corners of my mouth, home became a place I tried to run away from.
As I read more and more, my world opened up, larger than before me. The bed I used to sleep in became too small, and words of care from my parents began to sound meaningless. How I wished I could have a space of my own someday! Later I was joined the army and put on the green uniform. During my service days, home was the series of letters I received one after another. My most homesick moments were when I read those letters from my family.
When I got a job, I began to get "hurt", to rise and fall in a sea of people, and to understand that you can't share all your pains with other people, even with your best friends. So again, another wave of homesickness came over me. When I was badly hurt, I imagined myself flying home on wings. Pushing open the door, I let tears flow down my face. At that moment I felt that as large as the world was, what I needed was only the familiar smell of home and the unchanged view outside the window of my old house...
......
Although I already have much life experience behind me, I know there is still a long way ahead and my concept of home will go on developing. But already I have come to see that home is where we can find the true meaning of all the busy rush life. What makes the concept different is that sometimes it refers to a person's home and sometimes to the home of many, many people.
The question is: What is the best title for the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:Missing my parents and home
B:His home he tries to run away from
C:A changing concept of home
D:A developing homeAnna was excited about starting her first day in the new school. However, when she first walked past the students in the school, her excitement turned to fear, and then to loneliness over the next few days. "Why didn't anyone say 'hi' to me or invite me to his or her lunch table? Is it because of my clothes or my hair?" she wondered. Almost every day during the first week, Anna stayed alone, thinking that there must have been something wrong with her or that nobody saw her at all!
What caused Anna's problem? The reason was that nobody knew her. Most people don't like talking with strangers  . So it's your job to volunteer to make contact with people who you want to know. The easiest way to catch their attention is to notice them first. Make eye contact with them and smile at them. When you smile at them, you are doing your best to show your kindness to them, and they are sure to understand that you are saying, "Hey, how's everything going?" In this way, you are taking the first step towards the road to friendship.
When Anna realized this, she started talking to her classmates. Guess what happened? It really worked. She had made two friends by the end of the month.
In fact, saying "hi" or making friends with strangers is not hard. And the joy it brings you is really great. So try to open your heart to strangers!
The question is: Which of the following shows the change in Anna's feelings?
The possible answers are:
A:afraid-relaxed-nervous-happy
B:happy-lonely-sad-proud
C:nervous-angry-happy -sad
D:excited-afraid-lonely-happyTomorrow is Saturday. I'm not going to work, and my brother isn't going to school. We are going to play table tennis. We are going to have lunch in a restaurant. We're coming home at five. My parents are going to visit my grandparents. They are going to get home at half past five. We are going to help my mother cook the dinner. After supper, I am going to dance with my friends, and my brother is going to watch TV with my parents.
The question is: My parents are going to come back_.
The possible answers are:
A:at 7:30
B:at 5:30
C:at 6:30
D:at 7:00In a chatting room on the Internet, some children are talking about what they like to do at school. Flying Fish: I think music is my favourite. I like listening to many beautiful English songs. I need to feel _ after a day's work. So I often listen to my favourite music after supper.
Singing Bird: I like music, too. But I only listen to Chinese songs. I also like drawing. Maybe I can be a great painter   when I grow up. I also like reading. Reading makes me clever.
Jumping Tiger: I don't like music or drawing. They are a waste  of time, I think. I am a good basketball player. I can help our school team win. Don't you think it's cool?
Running football: I am not a good basketball player. But I play football well. Playing football makes me strong. I feel great when I am on the football field. I spend half an hour a day playing football.
Swimming Cat: I am not like many other boys. I don't like sports very much. I just think reading is my favourite. I can learn a lot from books. I spend an hour reading books every day.
The question is: Which is not mentioned?
The possible answers are:
A:Sports.
B:Art.
C:Chinese songs.
D:TV.Mr. Jenkins is fifty years old. He has taught math in a middle school for twenty-six years. He works hard and always come to his office on time. He hopes his students can be honest and is strict with them. Some of his students become famous persons,but they still remember him and often write to him. Of course the old man is proud of it.
This term he began to teach Grade One. Some of the new students were told about him, but the others didn't know him well. He told them how to be an honest person. He gave them several examples and said,"I hate telling a lie most."
Before class was over,he told all his students to finish Exercise 8 in Unit 1.The next morning,as soon as he came in the classroom,he asked,"Who's finished Exercise 8? "
A few students put up their hands. He shook his head and said. "Open your workbooks and see if there's Exercise 8 in Unit 1 or not."
The students had a look at their books and their faces turned red at once.
The question is: Mr. Jenkins told his students to finish Exercise 8 in Unit 1 because   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:it was very interesting
B:it was very important
C:he wanted to give them an example
D:he wanted to know if they were honestThis is a family tree. It's a very big family. Tim and Gina are very old  . They have   a son, David and a daughter, Sally. David and his wife   Jenny have the twins  , Jack and Bob.
Jack is single  , but Bob is married  . His wife is Lucy. They have a cute   son, Sam. They love   Sam very much.
Sally's husband   is Paul. They are the parents of Peter and Lily. Peter is married .His wife is Jane. They have a daughter. Her name is Kate. Lily has a dog. It's very cute  . She loves   it very much.
The question is: _   is the grandmother of Jack and Peter.
The possible answers are:
A:Jenny
B:Sally
C:Kate
D:GinaHave you ever been ill? When you are ill,you must be unhappy because your body becomes hot,and there are pains all over your body. You don't want to work,you stay in bed,feeling very sad.
What makes us ill? It is germs . Germs are everywhere. They are very small and you can't find them with your eyes,but you can see them with a microscope. They are very small and there could be hundreds of them on a very small thing.
Germs are always found in dirty water. When we look at dirty water under the microscope,we shall see them in it. So your father and mother will not let you drink dirty water.
Germs aren't found only in water. They are found in air and dust. If you cut your finger,if some of the dust from the floor goes into the cut ,some of the germs would go into your finger. Your finger would become big and red,and you will have much pain in it. Sometimes the germs would go into all of your body,and you would have pain everywhere.
The question is: What's the main idea of the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:Germs may make us ill.
B:Germs are in dirty water.
C:Don't drink dirty water.
D:Take care of your fingers.I often walk dogs at an animal shelter  near our house. When they see me, they look so happy, because they know they will get to go outside, play with me and get lots of love from me.
-----Mandy, 12
Every weekend, I go to an animal shelter to help. They have adoption events at pet stores. I help out by talking to people about animals, feeding animals and making sure the cages are clean. It makes me feel great when a cat or dog gets a new home.
----Lucas, 11
Sometimes I do things for my neighbors and ask them to give me some money or clothes. Then I can give these to the unlucky people.
----Linda, 10
I love volunteering! Last week, I cleaned up the houses for people who couldn't do it themselves. I also made gifts for many women on Mother's Day. And I'll help the older people cook dinner next week. I love the feeling I get when the people smile and I know I made a difference in their life.
----Megan, 13
I volunteer at an after-school reading program. I help young children to learn how to read. My favorite part of it is seeing a little child feels excited when he or she learns a new word.
----Victoria, 12
The question is: Victoria is a volunteer to help  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:animals
B:young children
C:the older people
D:the unlucky peopleMr Brown was going away for a week. Before he left, he said to his son, "if anyone asks for me, you can tell him that your father has been out for doing something, and will be back in a week, then be sure to ask him to sit down for a cup of tea."
"OK, Dad," said his son. But he was afraid his son couldn't remember this, he wrote these words down on a piece of paper and gave it to him. His son put it into his small pocket, took it out and looked at it every now and then.   Four days passed, but no one came to see his father. The boy thought that there was no man to come and that the piece of paper was of no more use for him, so he burnt it that evening
The next afternoon, someone knocked at the door. The boy opened it. A man was standing at the door and said, "Where is your father?" The boy put his hand into his pocket at once and looked for the piece of paper. He could not find it. He suddenly remembered he had burnt it, so he shouted, "No more."   The man was very surprised. He asked, "No more? I met your father last week. When did it happen?"   "Burnt yesterday evening."
The question is: Mr Brown told his son that   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:he would be away from home for four days
B:he would be back in seven days
C:he would be back in a month
D:he liked a cup of teaNow many people like fast food. We all know that fast food is notverygood for our health. So more and more fast food restaurants are serving healthier food and you can make healthier choices. Here are some tips for ordering healthy food at fast food restaurants.
*Don't order the biggest size. The biggest size seems cheaper, but it is not good for your health. The biggest size has the most fat, sugar and so on. A smaller size is probably enough for you.
*Some drinks are full of sugar. So when you are thirsty, you should choose milk or water.
*Usually fried food is not the best choice. You should choose baked food. It is healthier.
*Go for the kids menu, because the sizes of kids food are usually smaller. You can eat less.
*Today, more and more fast food restaurants are starting to serve healthier food. You can order the food with words like "healthy'' or" _ "on the menu.
By making smart choices, eating at fast food restaurants can be not that bad.
,.
The question is: Which one is NOT right according to the article?
The possible answers are:
A:Fast food is not good for our health.
B:Too much sugar is not healthy.
C:Backed food is better choice than fried food.
D:No matter what you do, eating at fast food restaurant is bad for all of us.Happiness   is for everyone . You don't need to care about   those people who have beautiful houses with large gardens and swimming pools or those who have nice cars and a lot of money and so on . Why? Because those who have big houses may often feel lonely .and those who have cars may want to work on the country roads at their free time .
In fact , happiness is always around you if you put your heart into it.When you are in trouble at school,your friends will help you;when you study hard at your lessons,your parents are always taking good care of your life and your health;when you get success,your friends will say"Cingratulations"to you;when you do something wrong,people around you will help you to correct it.And when you do something good to others,you notice them,and you can see that happiness is always around you.
Happiness is not the same as money.It is a feeling of your heart.When you are poor,you can also say you are happy,because you have something else that can't be bought with money.When you meet with difficulties,you can say loudly you are very happy,because you have more chances to challenge yourself.So you cannot always say you are poor and you have bad luck.As the saying goes,"Life is like a revolving door.When it closes,it also opens."If you take every chance to get, you can be a happy and lucky person.
The question is: Happiness is for  _
The possible answers are:
A:those who have large and beautiful house
B:those who have cars
C:those who have a lot of money
D:all peopleDou Kou, a Chinese boy, is called "the youngest writer in the world". He has written three books till now.
Dou Kou was born in Jiangsu in 1994. When he was 7 months old, his parents started working in over 30 different cities, such as Xi'an and Shenzhen. This kind of life gave him things to think and write about. When he was 9 months old, he could speak and at the age of one, he could say five to six hundred words. At three, he could look up words in the dictionary. At four, his father taught him how to learn by himself. His parents like reading very much. So does he . At the age of 5, he began writing fairy tales. At the age of 6, he wrote a novel about his life in different cities with his parents. His fairy tales are all from his life. One day, he found many mice in the house. They not only ate their food but also hurt his mother's hand. So he thought, "If we give mice the stomach of cows, _ will eat grass and they will be helpful to people." This was his first fairy tale Change stomach for Mice.
Now he studies well in a middle school. He has written his third book, the novel called Eyes of Children. He says, "I am not different from other children. I just wrote several books."
The question is: How many books has Dou Kou written?
The possible answers are:
A:Three.
B:Four.
C:Five.
D:Six.Three boys, Tom, Sam and Jim bought seventeen apples. Tom wanted the half  . Sam wanted one-third  ,and Jim wanted one-ninth  * But they didn't know how to do.
Just at that time,a little boy came with an apple in his hand. The boy said to them, "Don't worry. Let me help you" Then he put his apple into their apples, and made the number of the apples eighteen. Then he gave Tom nine apples, he gave Sam six apples,and he gave Jim two apples. He gave away seventeen apples and took his apple back.
The three boys were very happy. And they said: "How clever the boy is!"
,.
The question is: There were  _  apples when the three boys divided them.
The possible answers are:
A:fifteen
B:sixteen
C:seventeen
D:eighteenDream culture is an important part of ancient Chinese culture. Dream interpreting is popular in China, and the most famous reference for dream interpreting is the book of Duke of Zhou Interprets Dreams.
Ancient Chinese people thought that dreams could suggest lucky and unlucky things. Since different dreams have different meanings, people can  get meanings of good or bad luck by interpreting them. Actually, dream interpreting is not totally a _ . It does have some scientific value.
* Dreams are the reflection of the facts. Many dreams are actually something about what happened in the daytime. This kind of dream can be easily understood without dream interpreting.
* Dreams are the body's self-implication  . Traditional Chinese medical science says that dreams are connected with the health condition of humans' bodies. When Yin and Yang are imbalanced, dreams come into being. If someone dreamt that he or she was roasted by a big fire, it shows he or she might easily get angry or nervous.
* Dreams are usually different from the facts. It means that things will develop in the opposite direction when they become worse.
To some degree, Duke of Zhou Interprets dreams is scientifically reasonable. Over thousands of years has passed, the book still has many secrets waiting for us to explore.
The question is: In the old days, Chinese people thought that dreams  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:were very popular
B:could suggest lucky and unlucky things
C:couldn't be interpreted
D:were always different from the factsIf you want to live in Hawaii,you need to think about how to save money,because it is one of the most expensive states in the USA.
Hawaii buys most of its goods from other countries.This makes the prices very high.Eating out can be expensive.Breakfast is at$5 or$8 and lunch ia around$12,while dinner goes from $15 to$30.
What makes living in Hawaii more difficult is that there are few high-paying jobs. For example, it is harder to find engineering jobs than waitressing jobs.
Here is some advice on how to get around and enjoy living in Hawaii.
*Check out online travel websites, magazines and books for information about the islands, from their beaches to their restaurants.
*Find hotels by reading newspapers. You can also find someone to share your room to save money.
*Try to find a job. Craigslist is a good website to start your search. Also, check the newspapers.
*Buy your food and other things at cheap chain stores like Costco and Wal-Mart.
Hawaii is an expensive place to live, but there are ways to save your money if you shop properly.
The question is: What's the price of having breakfast in Hawaii?
The possible answers are:
A:$ 15.
B:$ 12.
C:$ 8.
D:$ 30.Try this: for a whole day, _ . Eat when you're hungry and sleep when you're tired. What do you think will happen?
You may be surprised to find that your day is much like most other days. You'll probably get hungry when you normally eat and tired when you normally sleep. Even though you don't know what time it is, your body does.
Inside our bodies are several clocklike systems that follow a 24- hour cycle. Everyone is unique, which is why you might like to stay up late while your sister always wants to go to bed early.
Regularly staying up late can make kids do worse on tests and quizzes. And working shifts at night leads to higher rates of heart disease.
"There is a growing sense that when we eat and when we sleep are important parts of how healthy we are," says Steven Shea, Director of the Sleep Disorders Research Program at Brigham and Women's Hospital in Boston.
"During the night, we are prepared to sleep," Shea says. "During the day, we are prepared to eat and move around, If you reverse ( ) what you are doing, everything is out of phase. That can have adverse consequences.
The question is: "Everything is out of phase." means  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:everything is out of order
B:everything is bad
C:everything is good
D:everything is not controlledWhen an earthquake hit a small town,many houses fell down.After the earthquake,all the newspapers reported many stories about some of the families in trouble.
One Sunday, when I was reading a newspaper, a special picture touched me.It gave the clothing sizes of each family member.I thought that this would be a good chance to teach my children to help those who were less lucky than themselves.I said to my seven-year-old twins,Brad and Brett,and three-year-old Meghan."We have so much,and these poor people now have nothing.We'll share what we have with them."
I filled a box with food and clothes.While I was doing this,I encouraged the boys to choose their toys and donate some of their less favourite things.Meghan watched quietly as the boys took out their old toys and games and put them together.Then she walked away.A few minutes later she came back with Lucy, her much-loved doll.She put the doll on top of the other toys."Oh,dear" I said."You don't have to give Lucy.You love her so much."Meghan said,"Lucy makes me happy,Mommy.Maybe she'll make another little girl happy, too."I looked at Meghan for a long moment.She taught me a lesson.It's easy to give something that we don't want any more,but harder to give what we cherish ,isn't?
The question is: In this story, Lucy is the name of  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:a girl
B:a doll
C:one of the twins
D:a gameIt was one of the hottest days of the dry season. There was no rain for almost a month. The crops  were dying. Cows stopped giving milk. On this day, I witnessed   a wonder.
I was making lunch when I saw my 6-year-old son, Billy, walking very slowly towards the woods. Minutes later he came running out again, towards the house. Soon after, I saw him walking towards the woods again. This went on for an hour. Finally I walked out of the house quietly and followed him.
Billy cupped   both hands in front of him as he walked, careful not to drop the water he carried. Then I saw an amazing sight. Several large deer stood in front of him. Billy walked right up to them. I saw a baby deer lying on the ground. It was dying of thirst, and it tried to lift its head to drink the water in my boy's hands.
When the water was gone, Billy ran back to the house. I followed him to the kitchen. Billy opened the tap and a small trickle   came out. He let the drips   slowly fill up his "cup".
Now I understood what was going on. The week before, he tried giving water to our horses but I told him not to waste water. Now when he stood up and turned, I was there in front of him. His eyes filled with tears  . "I'm not wasting," he said. I joined him with a small cup of water from the kitchen. I let him walk to the baby deer alone while I stood by the woods. Tears rolled down my face. Suddenly there were some drops falling, as if the sky itself was crying.
The question is: Which of the following is NOT true according to the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:Cows stopped giving milk because they were old.
B:The family was short of water at that time.
C:The baby deer was dying because of not having enough water.
D:The writer and the son gave water to the baby deer together.Young people can have problems with their minds.Some students become worried because they have to study very hard.Others have trouble getting on well with people like their parents and classmates.
Liu Wei,a junior 2 student from Hefei,could not understand his teacher and was doing badly in his lessons.He became so worried about it that he started to cut his finger with a knife.
Another student,14-year-old Yan Fang from Guangzhou,was afraid of exams.She got very worried when she looked at the exam paper.She couldn't think of anything to write.
A recent report from Jiefang Daily says about 18% of Shanghai teenagers have mental problems.Their troubles include being worried and very unhappy.And they have problems in learning and getting on with people.Many students who have problems won't ask others for advice or help.Some think they will look stupid if they go to see a doctor.Others don't want to talk about their secret.
Liang Yuezhu,an expert on teenagers from Beijing Anding Hospital has the following advice for teenagers:
* Talk to your parents or teachers often
* Take part in group activities and play sports
* Go to see a doctor if you feel unhappy or unwell
The question is: Yang Fang's problems happened whenever  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:she studied very hard
B:she had exams
C:she talked with her parents
D:she thought of somethingDear friend,
I know you are arriving next Sunday. Let me tell you the way to my house. Take a taxi from the airport. You pass a bank on your right and then go along Long Street. You go through Six Avenue, Seventh Avenue, and Eighth Avenue. When you see a big supermarket, turn left. Then go down Bridge Street and turn left at New Park. Go along Centre Street and my house is on your right.
I hope you can have a good trip.
Yours,
Mike
The question is: The friend should go down Bridge Street and turn left at  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:New Park
B:Old Park
C:Supermarket
D:Center StreetJim: Let's play computer games.
Peter: That sounds good. Where's your computer?
Jim: I don't have a computer. Do you have a computer?
Peter: No, I don't. But I have a TV. Let's watch TV.
Jim: No, it's boring. Let's play tennis. I have a tennis racket.
Peter: Good. Where is it?
Jim: On the sofa. Do you have a racket?
Peter: No, I don't. Does your brother have a racket?
Jim: Yes, he does. And he has tennis balls.
The question is: Does Jim have a computer?   _
The possible answers are:
A:Yes, he does.
B:No, he doesn't.
C:He has a computer.
D:He has two computers.Once a circle lost a piece of its own. The circle wanted to be whole, so it went around looking for its missing piece. But because it was incomplete ,it could only roll  very slowly. It enjoyed the flowers and the sunshine along the way. It talked with insects . It found lots of different pieces, but none of them fitted. So it left them all by the side of the road and kept on looking for the missing piece. Then one day the circle found a piece that fitted perfectly, it put the missing piece into itself. It could be whole, with nothing missing. It was so happy and began to roll. Now that it was a perfect circle, it could roll very fast, too fast to see flowers or talk to insects. It realized how different the world was when it rolled so quickly. It felt so sad that it stopped, left the piece it found by the side of the road and rolled away slowly.
Sometimes, we are perfect when we lose something. A man who has everything is a poor man in some ways. He will never have hopes, dreams or something better.
We couldn't be perfect, but we must be brave enough to love, kind enough to share happiness with others and clever enough to know there is enough love around us.
The question is: After it was whole again and rolled fast, the circle  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:felt unhappy
B:could see more beautiful flowers
C:was too proud to talk with any insect
D:would go anywhereMost parents hope that their children can be happy and successful. But do you know the most powerful way to encourage them to be so? The answer is to allow them to make their own decisions.
Different people have different ideas about children's decision making. Unfortunately , most parents make decisions for their children--what they wear, what they eat and what movies they watch. In fact, it's not good for children's growing.
Children should be allowed to make decisions when they are very young. But this doesn't mean they are allowed to do everything. For example, you shouldn't take your children into a convenience store and tell them they can have anything they want. They would be overwhelmed  by the choices. But you can give them a choice among snacks. When children get older, expand   the number of choices you give them. For example, allow them to decide the activities they want to take part in or when they decide to go to bed.
The next step is to get your children to think before they act. Ask themselves several important questions. First, why do I want to do this? Second, what are my choices? Third, what are the results of the actions? After the three questions, they are sure to have right decisions.
The question is: The best way to make children happy and successful is to   _   .
The possible answers are:
A:help children go to college
B:make children read more books.
C:allow children to buy more books
D:allow children to make their own decisionsDo you notice that though students spend the same amount of time in class, some get better grades than others? In some ways, it's because they are different listeners. When having classes, some of them listen carefully. We call them _ listeners. Some just daydream or talk to others. They are ineffective listeners.
How are some listeners effective? First of all, they don't care about some poor situations, like an uncomfortable seat or a personal problem. They say "No" to anything that will stop them from understanding and remembering. After leaving a class or meeting, they remember what the speakers said, not the room conditions or the speaker's accent  .
Effective listeners always pay attention to the message itself. They try not to be influenced   by their own feelings or opinions. They do not decide if the thing is boring, too easy, or too difficult before listening. They like getting the challenge   of new ideas. To help remember difficult ideas, they write down important words and phrases.
However, ineffective listeners often daydream. They don't like to hear what they don't agree with or easily understand. They are often so busy taking notes that they miss the speaker's main idea. These listeners leave a speech or a class with a notebook full of words, but the notebook means nothing.
Do you wish to do well in your study? Start to be an effective listener. It may help.
The question is: According to the passage, the writer mainly wants to tell people the   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:listening ways of poor listeners in class
B:problems of ineffective listening.
C:differences between 2 kinds of listeners.
D:ways and good points of effective listeningBad days happen to us all. Often a day that starts out bad just continues to get worse. Sometimes there's a "domino effect " with bad events. For example, you sleep through the alarm, so you're stressed. And you will sit in the bad traffic, which will also make you late for work, etc.
How can we turn a bad day to a good day? Here are some ideas that have worked for me:
Smile a lot
Smiling a lot will help you feel relaxed. Research has shown that smiling produces three useful chemicals which make us feel good.
Talk to a good friend
Keeping bad or unhappy things in your mind is not a good idea. Talking to someone who cares and listen really does help us feel better, too.
Concentrate on your good things
It's hard to concentrate on how bad things are when you're concentrating on how good things are! Think of 10 or more things you're thankful for, and you'll achieve a whole new outlook  on your day.
Get some exercise
If you can, go for a walk. Exercising will help you feel better. Excising can get your day back to be normal again.
Make the day a challenge
If you make yourself think of the day as a challenge, you'll start to do all the things you can to make your day better.
,.
The question is: Study shows that smiling produces three useful chemicals which make us feel  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:terrible
B:relaxed
C:stressed
D:worriedLast Friday a storm swept through two villages in the New Territories , destroying fourteen homes. Seven others were so badly destroyed that their owners had to leave them, and fifteen others had broken windows or broken roofs. One person was killed, several were badly hurt and taken to hospital, and a number of other people received smaller hurt. Altogether   over two hundred people were homeless after the storm.
A farmer, Mr. Tan, said that the storm began early in the morning and lasted for over an hour.
"I was eating with my wife and children," he said, "when we heard a loud noise. A few minutes later our house fell down on top of us. We tried our best to climb out but then I saw that one of my children was missing. I went back inside and found him safe but very frightened."
Mrs. Woo Mei Fong said that her husband had just left for work when she felt that her house was moving. She ran outside at once with her children.
"There was no time to take anything," she said, "A few minutes later, the roof came down."
Soldiers helped to take people out of the water area  and  the welfare government brought them food, clothes and some other things.
The question is: Where was Mr. Tan when the storm first began?
The possible answers are:
A:He was in bed.
B:He was at table.
C:He was outside the house.
D:He was on the roof.Suppose a man has a car accident. He is hurt badly and is _ , that is, he can't think, speak, or hear. His family takes him to the hospital. The doctors tell the family that his brain is dead. A machine can make him breathe .
Now the patient's family must answer some difficult questions. Should they think he is dead? Should they ask the doctors to use the machine to make him breathe? Sometimes machines can make an unconscious person breathe for years. However if his brain is dead , he will never think, speak, or hear again. Then, should his family ask the doctors not to use the machine and let him die?
Someone who is unconscious can't say he wants to die. Can his family say this for him? Some people think this is a good idea. Some think otherwise.
Many people are hurt when machines keep a person alive. The unconscious person doesn't know it. Machines only make the family and friends hurt longer.
The question is: When a person is badly hurt and is unconscious, he   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:shall feel pain
B:can still think
C:doesn't feel pain
D:sometimes feels painNot only a popular singer was Yao Beina, but also she was an energetic and warm-hearted angel. She had her corneas   donated to two men who needed them, which helped them see the world clearly again.
Yao was born in a music family on Sept. 26, 1981 in Wuhan. She started to learn the piano at the age of 4, and she sang her first song on the stage when she was 9 years old. Yao did quite well in singing, so she took part in the thirteenth Youth Singing Competition and won the first prize.
She became well-known to the public after making a series of songs for the hit TV drama "The Legend of Zhenhuan" in 2012, and the mandarin version   of "Let It Go" from Disney's "Frozen". In July 2013, she competed in The Voice of China II and finally got the second place in Na Ying's team. She had won a lot of music awards before she was famous.
Yao Beina was unfortunate to be diagnosed with breast cancer   and had a successful operation in 2011. Since then, she has fought against the disease for about four years while keeping singing, but sadly she failed. She originally thought of donating all of her organs   to save others' lives, but failed to do it because of her serious illness.
She's gone, even though she had never stopped struggling with cancer. Heaven just got another beautiful angel, with her beautiful voice and kindness.
The question is: Yao Beina had her   _   donated to save others.
The possible answers are:
A:two corneas
B:all organs
C:heart
D:kidneyThe dodo was a ground nesting , flightless bird. An adult dodo could grow to a height of about a meter and weigh between 45-50 pounds. The natural habitat of this kind of bird lay in the forest of Mauritius.
Seed  and fruits that were found in the forest were the main food of the dodo birds. As they could easily get the food they required in the forest, they didn't need to fly. As time went by, they finally lost the ability to fly. It turned out to be a major disadvantage for dodos, as they were left with no ability to protect themselves against human beings' attacks in their natural habitat, which drove this kind of bird to extinction .
The extinction of the dodo started in 1505, when Portuguese sailors set their foot on the Island of Mauritius. Before this, the dodo didn't face any danger. People began to hunt them. It was not long before animals, like cats, pigs and monkeys, were also introduced to the island by humans. When ships arrived, the rats on these ships came onto the land. Though these animals were not able to attack huge dodos, it was easy for them to attack dodos' nests on the ground. These animals continued to feed on dodo eggs.
The dodo became a relatively  rare bird in Mauritius at the beginning of the 17thcentury, and became extinct in the end. The last reported sighting of a dodo was in 1681.
The question is: Why did the dodo lose its ability to fly?
The possible answers are:
A:Because it liked walking on the ground.
B:Because it had no enemies in the forest.
C:Because it was too big to fly.
D:Because it didn't need to fly to look for food.Hand in a drawing of your favorite place in school and get a chance to win PRIZES!
Your drawing may be a picure of the gate,the dining hall,the field,the classroom or even the toilet!
Along with your picture,include a short description(3--5sentences)explaining why that place is special for you!
All winning picture will be on show outside the school hall for the whole month of June!
1stprize--$100
2ndprize --$70
3ndprize -$50
5 Comfort prizes of $30 each
Your picture can be either or black-and-white.All drawings must be handed in to your Art teacher by May 30,2015.
All LCPS students are encouraged to join!
Organized by:
Lion City Primary School (LCPS)      Prizes sponsored by:
(Art Department)                Lucky Books and Stationery
The question is: Besides your picture, you must write about   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:why you like the place somuch
B:why drawing is your favoritehobby
C:whether you think you canwin
D:when you started learning todrawA bumpkin   went to a big city for the first time. He went into an office building and saw a short and fat woman stepped into a small room. After her, the door closed and the light on the top flashed. After a while the door opened slowly, a young beautiful modern girl walked out of the small room.
The bumpkin opened his eyes wide in surprise. He said to himself in a low voice, "What a pity! I haven't brought my wife here!"
The question is: The bumpkin thought   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:his wife was as beautiful as the young girl
B:his wife was more beautiful than the short fat woman
C:the short fat woman changed to a young girl in the room
D:He should also buy a room of that kind for his wifeMy friend, Victor, is a zoo keeper in the National Zoo. His work is very interesting but it is hard. Sometimes it is dangerous, too. Every morning the zoo keepers have to get up at five to prepare the food for the animals. Each kind of animal is given special food. For example, the lions must be given meat; the deer must be given grass and leaves; and the parrots must be given fruit and nuts. Sometimes some animals won't let the others eat their food. If this happens,  each of them must be fed separately  .
Every morning each cage must be washed by the zoo keepers. This can be dangerous, especially with lions and tigers. To make the work easier, the animals are locked in the sleeping compartments   while the cages are being washed. When the animals are sick, the zoo keepers must look after them. Each sick animal is kept in a separate cage and given medicine. Sometimes they must be given injections. It is not easy to inject a sick lion!
All the keepers live near the zoo. Each of them has a small house. There he lives with his family. They do not have holidays on Sundays and public holidays. Instead, each of them has a day off during the week. Each keeper has a holiday on a different day from that of the other keepers.
The most important job of the keepers is to look after the safety of the visitors. People must be prevented from doing dangerous things. Many people have been injured because they did careless things, like putting their hands into the lion's cage.
,.
The question is: Some animals must be fed separately because   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:they eat special food
B:they often quarrel with each other while eating
C:they always cause the zoo keepers much trouble
D:they won't let the others eat their foodAmerican Classroom Rules
1. If the teacher asks a question, you should give an answer. If you do not understand the question, you should put up your hand and ask the teacher to repeat the question. If you don't know the answer, it's all right to tell the teacher that you don't know. Then he or she knows what you need to learn.
2. There is no excuse for not doing your homework. If you can not go to school, you should call your teacher or your classmate and ask for the homework. It is your responsibility to find out what homework you have missed. It is not the teacher's job to remind you of missed homework.
3. You must not be absent  on a test day. If you are badly ill, call and let the teacher know you will not be there for the test. If your teacher allows you to take a _ , you should take the test within one or two days after you return to class. Bad illness is the only reason for missing a test.
4. Be on time! It's not polite to be late. Also, it bothers other students. If you must come in late, be sure to do it quietly. Have your books out of your bag before you come into the classroom. Then go to your seat and sit quietly. In the US, it is not necessary to knock at the door before you come into the classroom.
The question is: If you are badly ill,   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:you can't be absent on a test day
B:you should take the test within one or two days
C:you should let your teacher know that you will be there for the test
D:you can miss the testPassage 3
A smile will tell people around you that you are a kind and friendly person. However, many people don't smile because they think they have ugly teeth. For example, one of my classmates, Mike, doesn't have very nice teeth, so that is why he seldom opens his mouth. He even says that he has lost confidence because of his teeth. So it is very important for us to look after our teeth. In fact, a lot of people have this problem. Some people inherit teeth problems from their parents, while others' teeth are damaged because of bad habits, like heavy smoking, eating too much sugar or not brushing teeth often. If your teeth are in bad shape, you should see a dentist and ask for help. They can help improve your teeth and tell you how to take care of them.
Smiling can help you to feel more confidence and make people think of you as a more friendly person. If you want to keep healthy, you should not only smile but also laugh. An Indian doctor called Kataria said that young children should laugh about 30 times a day, while adults should laugh between 7 and 15 times a day. So please take this chance to smile and laugh now.
The question is: If you want to keep healthy, you had better   _
The possible answers are:
A:not smile often
B:laugh all the time
C:neither smile nor laugh
D:smile and even laugh oftenSchoolgirls have been wearing such short skirts that a Staffordshire school has ordered them to wear trousers instead. All skirts will be banned from September at Paget High School in Branston. Tight-fitting  trousers will also be banned and Muslim head-dressed will have to be "School blue" colour.
Head teacher Don Smith said, "one of the big problems for us at the school has been the number of girls who have been wearing improperly  short skirts. This has been an area of special concern at a time when there have been a lot of wrong ideas of being beautiful." Mr Smith said it would be impossible to determine  how long girls' skirts should be and that _ would be easier for teachers to carry out.
The head teacher said pupils' and other teachers' opinions were asked for before the new rule was set. The new clothing policy  has been explained in a letter sent to parents of the school's 1,000 pupils and will come into force after the summer holiday.
The school also wants pupils to wear clip-on ties  instead of traditional neckwear. This rule will be gradually out over the next year and support will be given to parents unable to afford the new tie.
One parent, whose teenage daughter studies at school, said, "I completely agree some girls were wearing skirts that were too short. However, I think girls should be allowed to wear skirts. Other school manage to let girls wear skirts while making sure they are not improperly dressed. I don't see why Paget can't do the same"
The question is: What can we know from the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:Teachers called the pupils' parents to explain the new rule.
B:Pupils will have to wear clip-on ties after the summer holiday.
C:Paget High School will provide clip-on ties for pupils for free.
D:Opinions were collected before the new clothing policy was made.David Moore taught science at the City School.He needed some expensive books,so he bought them.He put the books in his car in a quiet street.Then he went to other shops to buy something else.At six he came back to the car.One door was open--and the books were not there.David drove home.
That night he wrote a letter to a newspaper.The next day he went to the police station.
On Friday people read this in the newspaper:
Books: Have you any old books? I buy old and modern books.
Open all day on Saturday.Dauid Moore.26 Fry Road.
David stayed at home on Saturday.The first mall came at eight.David took him to the kitchen.At half past nine another man arrived.He had a bag under his arm.
"Mr.Moore?"the man asked.
"That's right,"David said."Can I help you?"
"I've got some good books.You buy books,don't you?"
"Yes.Bring them in. Let me have a look."
Soon the books were on the dining-table."Come in now."David called,"and bring the list."
A policeman came into the dining-room.He read the names on the books and the names on the list in his hand.They were the same.
"Come with me.Sir."the policeman said to the man.
The question is: David probably bought the books on  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:Wednesday
B:Friday
C:Saturday
D:SundayPeople travel a lot with Bel Air because they know they will get what they want.
They want to go quickly and safely across the country, across the sea or right across the world, and they know Bel Air will take them where they want to go, when they want to go. Bel Air flies all the newest and fastest planes to more towns and cities, in more countries of the world than any other airline.  
Do you want to go to Paris, Washington DC, Tokyo? Bel Air will take you there, at all times of the day and night, right through the week. But Bel Air flies not only to the biggest cities, in the rich counties---we fly two or three times a week to towns and cities in the centre of Asia, Africa and South America.
People who travel a lot fly with Bel Air, because they know they will leave on time and arrive on time. They know that they will receive the best food and watch the best films.
Bel Air is second to none. When you fly, fly with Bel Air.
The question is: The airline flies planes to cities like Paris .
The possible answers are:
A:day and night, through the week
B:two or three times a week
C:at any time of the day
D:at any time of the nightLife in the year 3044 is very different from life in the 21st century . We still do many of the things you did, but we do them differently. For example, we now have e-friends to help us and keep us company. An e-friend is a machine that looks just like a human being. It can walk and talk like humans and can do almost the same things as we human beings do. My e-friend is a lot like me and we have much fun together. She helps me with my homework and we often go swimming. She is computerized to take care of me in case   anything happens, so I always feel safe when we are together. She can also send me messages, just like old-fashioned e-mail, and I can download  information from her memory chip. It's so great to have an e-friend - I feel never lonely and I always have someone to talk to.
Actually, I would plan to tell you more about life in the year 3044, I have to send my e-friend to clean up my room, though. Maybe one day I will be able to fly back in time rocket and visit you and old friends. Looking forward to!
The question is: An e-friend can do the following EXCEPT  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:It can walk and talk.
B:It can help me with my homework.
C:It can send me message.
D:It can travel back in time.London has a population of over 7,000,000. From about the year 1800 until World War II, London was the biggest city in the world. But now there are many cities which are much bigger than it. London is famous for many things. Tourists come from all over the world to visit its famous buildings and hear the famous clock, Big Ben. Like many big cities, London has problems with traffic and pollution which stop the city from developing. Over one million   people a day use the London underground, but there are still too many cars on the streets. The air isn't clear, but it is anyhow cleaner than it was 100 years ago. For me, the best things about London are the parks. There are five in the city center. But my children's favorite place is Hamleys, the biggest toy shop in the world.
The question is: How many people use the London underground every day?
The possible answers are:
A:Over half of its population.
B:Over three quarters of its population.
C:Over 100,000.
D:Over 1,000,000.Mr. Perkin did not like to be different from other people, so he always tried to wear the same clothes, eat the same food, and do the same things after work as others.
One day Mr. Perkin stood at the bus-stop. As he watched the cars go by, he noticed that many of them were new Beta 400s and most of them were yellow.
The following week, Mr. Perkin bought a new bright yellow Beta 400s. He was very pleased with it, and drove to work in it the next day. He was even more pleased with his new car, when he saw all the other Beta 400s, in front, behind, and on both sides of him.
Mr. Perkin parked his car near his office, and walked the rest of the way. But when he came back at five o'clock, there were so many bright yellow Beta 400s that Mr. Perkin didn't know which car was his. He tried his key in some of the cars, but people gave him a strange look which he didn't like, so he stopped.
Poor Mr. Perkin had to wait nearly two hours until there was only one yellow Beta 400S left.
The question is: Beta 400s is a   _  of car.
The possible answers are:
A:size
B:plate
C:part
D:numberI often walk dogs at an animal shelter  near our house. When they see me, they look so happy, because they know they will get to go outside, play with me and get lots of love from me.
-----Mandy, 12
Every weekend, I go to an animal shelter to help. They have adoption events at pet stores. I help out by talking to people about animals, feeding animals and making sure the cages are clean. It makes me feel great when a cat or dog gets a new home.
----Lucas, 11
Sometimes I do things for my neighbors and ask them to give me some money or clothes. Then I can give these to the unlucky people.
----Linda, 10
I love volunteering! Last week, I cleaned up the houses for people who couldn't do it themselves. I also made gifts for many women on Mother's Day. And I'll help the older people cook dinner next week. I love the feeling I get when the people smile and I know I made a difference in their life.
----Megan, 13
I volunteer at an after-school reading program. I help young children to learn how to read. My favorite part of it is seeing a little child feels excited when he or she learns a new word.
----Victoria, 12
The question is: Linda asks her neighbors to give her money or clothes because she  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:is too poor
B:decides to buy something
C:likes to wear beautiful clothes
D:wants to help the unlucky peopleAt Christmas,1871,Edison,the famous American scientist,got married to Mary. Lots of their friends came to their wedding ceremony . At about two in the afternoon,Edison suddenly thought out a good way to solve the problem on the automatic telegraph after the wedding. So he said to the bride ,"I'll have to go to the factory because I have something important to do. Then I'll come back to have dinner with you."The bride had no way but to agree.
On the night of the festival, other families were full of joy while the bride stayed in the house alone,just looking out of the window. How lonely she was!
A worker went into the lab and said as soon as he saw Edison, "My goodness! I have never seen a bride-groom like you. It's already twelve now!"Edison was greatly surprised. "Twelve? Too bad! I said I would have dinner with Mary."  he said as he ran downstairs.
That's how hard Edison worked.He gave all his life to the invention of lights, films and over two thousand other things. A new invention came into being every fifteen days.
The question is: Edison put his heart into his invention, so   _   .
The possible answers are:
A:he forgot his bride
B:he forgot his dinner
C:he forgot his festival
D:All of the above"I didn't hear them call my name," explained Shelley Hennig to Active Teens (AT) as she talked about that exciting moment on national television when she won the honor of Miss Teen USA 2004. "Are you ready?"is what she heard. Then she said,"I shook my head no,and then they said 'yes' and it was announced again."
It was four days after that life changing moment for the seventeen year old high school student from Destrehan, Louisiana. She was still _ 
"I was so shocked! I never believed that it could actually really happen. "Present in the audience   that day were: her mother and father, older brother, her friends, and her dance teacher.
Understanding why members of her family and her friends would be there,AT asked why her dance teacher had traveled so far to see her compete  . "She's always been my role model. I've danced with her since I was six. She's been through so many difficulties and came through them all. I've learned to get over bad life's experiences and learned how to move on because of her."
One of those bad life's experiences for Shelley happened three years ago when her brother Brad was killed in a drunk driving accident. He was 18. She found writing helped her get through the tough days. She said, "I write a lot about my brother. I write a lot, a lot,a lot..."
As Miss Louisiana Teen, she traveled around the state speaking to teens   about the dangers of drinking and driving. In her role as Miss Teen USA, Shelley will continue to speak to youth about safe driving,in addition to many other things to help the youth.
When AT asked Miss Teen USA if she had any advice for our readers, she said, "Don't let anyone change you. Hang out with people that make you feel good about yourself. That way,it is easy to be yourself."
The question is: .How many children did the Hennigs have according to the text?
The possible answers are:
A:1.
B:2.
C:3.
D:4.Lizards   are unusual,but they can make good pets because most of them are small and easy to care for. They do not make loud noises,and they do not need to go for walks or take baths.
Of course, some lizards make better pets than others. One of the most popular lizards in pet store is the bearded dragon. Bearded dragons are active during the day and do not mind people holding them. Geckos are another popular pet lizard. They are a little more difficult to care for. Geckos are active at night and need a warm place to live.Like bearded dragons,they can be held by their owners.Both of these lizards can live ten years or more when they are well cared for.
Two lizards that are bad choices for pets are iguanas and chameleons. Iguanas can grow to be almost two meters(nearly six feet),so they need a big space to live in.They can also bite or scratch   their owners.Chameleons do not hurt their owners,but they are quite difficu1t to care for. While iguanas can live up to twenty years,chameleons do not live very long. Most do not live more than five years.
The question is: This reading is about  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:wild animals
B:good and bad pets
C:the life of lizard
D:the importance of lizardsHave you ever heard of Weifang, Shangdong Province? What is it known for? There is an international kite festival every April in Weifang that is a modern city with many traditions. People from all over the world compete in the kite flying. There are also competitions for the best kites. The kites in the competition are all made by hand.
Most people have flown a kite. It makes people happy. It's easy to make it. It's made of bamboo and paper. But not so many people know that kites were first made in China thousands of years ago. The ancient Chinese made and flew kites even before they could write.
A long time ago, the Chinese made kites to use in wars. They would fly these war kites in the dark. The kites were fixed and they made strange sounds in wind. Men who were at war against them would hear these sounds and run away. They thought those strange sounds were made by gods in the sky.
The ancient Chinese also flew kites to bring good luck and to make their crops grow rich and tall. Sometimes they tied long strings and hooks  to their kites. Then they would fly the kites over water, letting the hooks hang down to catch fish.
The Chinese use sticks, string and paper for their kites. Some of these kites look like animals or trees and others look like houses.
The question is: The ancient Chinese used kites in wars because the kites   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:could bring good luck
B:looked like animals.
C:could make strange sounds and help them in a war.
D:could brought light in the dark for them.On a hot African morning, Leila was lying on her stomach and an elephant was walking towards her. Leila waited. Then she pushed the button on her camera. "And I got my best photo of an elephant ever, by lying under my car," Leila explained. "I wanted to get close to the elephants, but of course this was dangerous; they had their babies with them. So every morning I used to park my car in the open near the path  . They used to take the same path every morning when they left the water hole. After a week, they were used to seeing my car. So the next morning, I lay under it and got my photo!"
Many of the best wildlife photos come from good planning. In Africa, photographers set up their hides   near water holes. They also set up hides near forest paths, as animals use the same paths every night. For bird-watching, many lakes have hides. Inside the hides, bird-watchers can watch all day in the shade   out of the wind and rain.
Good wildlife photos are needed for books, postcards, magazines and newspapers. But a success rate of 1 in 20 is good.
The question is: Why did Leila lie under her car on the stomach?
The possible answers are:
A:Because she wanted to sleep.
B:Because she wanted to take photos but was afraid of the animals.
C:Because it's easy to see the elephants.
D:Because it's very comfortable.What do you usually do after class? When class is over , most students in my class go out of the classroom, We have 20 minutes' rest between classes. Look! Most of us are playing during the rest time. Some students are on the playground . They are having a basketball match. Oh, a boy is running with a ball and another boy is trying to stop him. They are so cool. And some girls are watching the match. Some students are still in the classroom. They are talking. A few of them are reading and doing homework. A girl is looking at the birds in the trees, and she has a _ on her face. She is very happy.
Where are the teachers? Some of them are working in the office, and some are talking with students. We are all busy  and happy.
The question is: The teachers are  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:working or talking with students
B:having a basketball match
C:reading newspapers
D:playing with the studentsGood food photography makes the food look fresh, so many dishes have _ , just as movie stars do. "When I get my lights and camera set up, I remove the stand-in and put in the real thing," explains Ray Webber, who photographs food for magazine advertisements. "Sometimes I have to brush the food with its juices because it may have dried out a bit. And when I'm shooting something like tomatoes, I always carry an atomizer  of water to spray  them with dew  just before I shoot."
Shooting food outdoors has special problems. " I'm always worrying about flies or worms  coming up a glass," Webber explains. "I am also worried that someday a dog will come up from behind and run off with the food." Once Webber was shooting a piece of cheese outdoors and needed something to add to its colour. Finally he found a plant with lovely blue flowers. When the photo appeared, several people were horrified , because the plant was Deadly Nightshade which can be very dangerous.
The question is: The food probably looks best in photographs if it has been   _
The possible answers are:
A:cooked
B:kept warm
C:washed
D:brushed with its juiceMany people have great difficulty in saying goodbye. But from goodbye moments, we can always learn something.
Once, I overheard   a father and daughter in their goodbye moment. The father said, "I love you, I wish you enough." The daughter answered, "Daddy, our life together has been more than enough. Your lover is all that I need. I wish you enough, too, Daddy."
They kissed and she left ...
The father walked over towards me. I could see he wanted and needed a cry. He came over to me and asked, "Did you ever say a forever goodbye to someone?" Before I could answer, he went on, " I am old and she lives much too far away. I know her next trip back would be for my funeral  ."
"When you were saying goodbye I heard you say, 'I wish you enough.' May I ask what that means?"
He began to smile , "It's a wish that has come down from my great-great-grandparents. And my parents used to say it to me."
He stopped for a moment and looked up as if trying to remember it. He smiled even more.
"When we said'I wish you enough,' we were wanting the other person to have a life full of enough good things."
Then, turning towards me, he shared   the following "wish" from his heart.
I wish you enough sun to keep you bright .
I wish you enough rain to appreciate the sun more.
I wish you enough happiness to keep you alive.
I wish you enough pain so that the smallest joys in life appear much bigger.
I wish enough hellos to get you through the final goodbye.
My friends, I wish you enough.
The question is: How did the father get the "wish"?
The possible answers are:
A:The writer wrote it for him.
B:His parents passed it down to him.
C:The teacher taught him at school.
D:His daughter told him about it.In 1945,six planes and 17 men disappeared without a sign,all in one day.This was Flight 19.Flight 19's captain was Lieutenant Charles Taylor.Flight 19 was a usual flight.It took off at about 2:10 p.m.from Miami.The weather was very normal on that December 5th of 1945.It was never spoken directly to after its going down.A message was received at 4:00 p.m.that told about _ Taylor not knowing the way to go because his compass was running around and around.
After that,it was never heard from again.While searching for it,a search plane was also lost.The search for the both continued until December 10th of that same year.None of the things from Flight 19's planes,or from the search plane,was ever found.It is one of the most infamous disappearances.Searching for Flight 19 lasted five days,and covered 380,000 square miles.Dr.Kripke suggests a vortex may have been involved in the disappearance of Flight 19.
The question is: There were  _  planes in Flight 19.
The possible answers are:
A:3
B:4
C:5
D:6Many people like to travel by plane, but I don't like it because the airport is usually far from the city. You have to get there early and wait for hours for the plane to take off. You can't open the windows. You can't choose the food. Planes are fast, but it still takes hours to get out of the airport and into the city.
I like travelling by train. I think trains are safe. Railway stations are usually good in cities. When you are late for a train, you can catch another one. You can walk around in the train and open the window. You can see many interesting things on your way, though it takes a little more time.
I also like cars. You can start your journey whenever you want to, and you don't need to get to a railway station or a bus stop. Also you can carry many things with you in a car. But sometimes there are too many cars on the road.
,.
The question is: If you want to take a lot of things with you, what kind of transportation will you take for travelling?
The possible answers are:
A:A plane
B:A car
C:A train
D:A busMany people have talked about whether or not computing machines can think. Can they or can't they?
Almost certainly, a machine can do any work in thinking that a person can do--if the correct way for doing the thinking work can be told exactly. Besides, many programs have been made to direct machines so that they work in very clever ways. Machines have been taught to play chess and to learn from what happens in the games so as to make their play better and better. Machines can beat many persons who play chess. Machines can translate from one language to another. They can prove statements in geometry  as taught in school. Machines can notice printed marks on paper, so that a person is no longer needed to look at the marks.
Computers can be used in many ways, such as business, science, industry, and government. _ 
If people cannot tell exactly the correct way to do certain work in thinking, it is still a question how much of _ a machine can do. Suppose a person is "teaching" the machine and telling the machine "yes" when the machine is right, and "no" when the machine is wrong. Then the machine can keep on searching among possible ways for solving a problem--until the machine can do as well as the person, and perhaps much better.
But, what is thinking? People can agree about much that is thinking, and much that is not thinking; but they can't reach agreement because the word "think" is not a scientific word with an exact meaning. A lot of the discussion is wasted breath because the persons are using different meanings of the word "think".
People, however, have only had experience with machines that appear to think since 1944.
It would be too early to say that after the next 200 years, machines will not be thinking. And to consider that machines can think gives people a big push to give to machines more and more work in thinking.
The question is: What does the writer want to say in the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:A machine will do any work in thinking like a human being.
B:A machine can do better translation than human beings.
C:A machine won't be able to beat every chess player.
D:A machine will be able to make plan programs.DISNEY's theme park, its first on the Chinese mainland, Shanghai Disneyland, has already been completed, and will open its doors on June 16, 2016. "Six is a lucky number to Chinese people," the Walt Disney Company said.
Shanghai Disneyland will host an opening celebration to welcome its first guests. At the opening, it will hold more Chinese-style activities instead of Western-style ones, because the host wants to show China's local traditional culture. "We have prepared a three-day celebration and are hiring more than 8,000 actors," Philippe Gas, Shanghai Disneyland's general manager, told Shanghai Television yesterday.
So why has Disneyland been so popular? Well, it's described as "the Happiest Place on Earth" and "a place for the young and young at heart". Disney's storytelling in rides like roller coasters is a big reason for their parks' success. "We tell a story in everything we do," Pressler said.
However, Disney's parks haven't always been popular everywhere. When Disneyland Paris opened in 1992, some French people felt that American culture was invading  France. But still, the park stayed open and today it is a popular place for European visitors.
The question is: Shanghai Disneyland will   _   at the opening.
The possible answers are:
A:tell stories to the guests
B:mainly show Western culture
C:have more activities of Chinese-style
D:invite guests to have a roller-coaster rideMaking a good job choice is almost as good as choosing a good life. So, choosing a job is one of the most important decisions to make in life.
For my job, there are three important things that I will consider:
The first one - that I must work in an area I like - is most important to me. Someone once said if you find a job that you enjoy, then you won't have to work another day. I would like to work in an area where I can be more creative. I would like to be the most valuable member there. All this is possible only if I like what I do.
The second one is that the area of my work  must lead me to solve some  new  and  hard problems. I would like to stay in the same area for a long time. In order for this to happen, the work must provide enough problems. More than just working to live, I enjoy making a difference and trying my best for the whole progress. I would also like to be well _ for my hard work, so I can lead a comfortable life with this hard-won money. Then I can provide the best for my family.
The third important thing is that I would like to work in an area that would help other people. The work in my mind is in fields such as the army, training or management. In such areas, I can help to develop the abilities of others and bring out their best. It would be a most satisfying job to help young people to become the best that they can be. When I become old, I would like to look back with  a great  sense  of  satisfaction  that  thousands  of  people  have  become  better  persons through my work.
I accept the idea that no one should make a choice of a job suddenly or quickly. He should decide what he wants to be in the long run. Then, he should decide how he works towards it. He should study the proper courses, read the books and speak to knowledgeable  persons in that field before making a job choice. A good choice will most probably lead to a better life.
The question is: The writer considers an enjoyable job most important because  _
The possible answers are:
A:he has to bring out his best
B:it can make him more creative
C:he will have to work another day
D:it is possible for him to live betterLet's Learn More about Each Other
Are the lives of city kids the same as those in villages? In many ways, they are very different. But what are the differences?
Hu Peng of Wuhan and four friends decided to find them out. Earlier this month, they lived for a week in Caidian, a village near Wuhan. Hu and his friends went door to door in Caidian and asked the kids there lots of questions. They wanted to learn more about village kids' everyday lives, so they asked these questions like --Do your parents teach you how to do housework? How much money do you usually spend on dinner? What would you do if a thief   came into your house? They also asked 150 city kids the same questions.What's the Difference?
Last week the team gave a report to their class. There are lots of differences between children's lives in cities and those in villages. The biggest difference is independence. Hu's team said that 60 percent of city kids couldn't do much housework, but 90 percent of village kids could care for themselves.
City kids told Hu they cared about school a lot, and they had no time for washing clothes or making their beds. Village kids said they helped their parents with housework a lot. They cooked, did some cleaning and fed animals. Hu's team also found that village kids had less pocket money  . Many never used computers. They played in rivers or on mountains. Some didn't really like to make new friends.
Hu and his friends said their trip gave them more self-confidence   because they were doing something by themselves. But _ also made them a little worried because they saw they still had a lot to learn. "When we grow up, our parents can't take care of us," said Hu. "We have to learn to take care of ourselves." Shen Guanquan, one of Hu's friends said, "When children learn to care for themselves, they learn to do lots of things."
The question is: They found that most village kids   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:had no time for their study
B:didn't care much about school
C:helped their parents with housework a lot
D:had much pocket moneyDear Peter
How about your study? It's Sunday today. I'm writing a letter to you. I'm going to tell you something in Beijing.
Beijing is different from London. In our country, we drive on the left side of the road, but here people drive on the right side. Most people go to work by bus or by bike. The rush hours are from seven to nine in the morning and five to seven in the afternoon. People in China work around eight hours a day, five days a week. They usually begin to work at eight in the morning, and rest on Saturday and Sunday.
I have Chinese classes every morning from Monday to Friday. The students in our class are from many countries. We're all working hard and friendly to each other. The Chinese students are ready to help us with our Chinese. We also help them a lot with their English. We are getting along very well.
That's all for today. Please write to me soon.
Yours
Susan
The question is: People drive on  _   in London.
The possible answers are:
A:the same side in Beijing as
B:the right side of the road
C:the left side of the road
D:both sides of the roadThere is a park near our school. We can see many trees and flowers there. We can see a hill behind the park, too. At the foot of the hill we can see a river. There are some boats on it. It is Sunday today. There are many Young Pioneers  in the park. Some are walking and singing. Some are dancing or playing games. Ann and her sister Kate are flying a kite. Tom and his brother Sam are throwing a frisbee  . Their parents are sitting under a tree. All the family are having a good time.
The question is: Where are their father and mother sitting?
The possible answers are:
A:Near our school.
B:Behind the park.
C:At the foot of the hill.
D:Under a tree.Everyone has worries(,). How do you deal with(,) your worries? There is always something you can do to help yourself feel less worried. Sitting there worrying is no fun and it won't solve your problems.
Grades(,) at school are often a top worry for children. If you worry most about grades, ask yourself these questions:
*  Why are grades important? What do grades mean to me?
*  How do I get ready for class? Do I go over my notes even when there isn't a test?
*  Do I have a good place to do my homework?
*  Have I tried different ways of studying?
If your worry is about a fight you had with your friend, you might write down all the things you could do----write a note to him or her, invite him or her to watch a basketball game, say sorry to him or her and so on. Once you have a list of things you could do, you can choose one thing that could get your friend back.
You can ask for help when you're worried. You can find someone to talk to, such as your parents, friends, and teachers.
The question is: What do children often worry most about?
The possible answers are:
A:Their hobbies.
B:Their homework.
C:Their grades at school.
D:A fight with their friends.Have you ever wanted to stop eating something sweet but you just couldn't ? Is the first thing you do when you get home from school to look in the biscuit tin ? Can you eat a huge bar of chocolate all by yourself ? Can you say "no" to sweets at parties ? If you can't ,  then there is a reason...perhaps you're sugar addict  ! Does that sound funny ? Well, doctors say that people who eat sweets regularly can easily become addicted   to sugar .What's more, most sugar addicts don't even realize that they're addicted! Sugar addiction is serious because it can really _ your health .Doctors say that we should eat food which is healthy such as fresh fruits and vegetables, and that we shouldn't eat a lot of sugar ,fat or fast food .But sugar addicts can't follow this advice.They know they must stop eating sweet food, but they can't .So what can you do if you think you're addicted to the taste of sugar ?Well, here is some advice:
Eat some fresh fruits when you really want something sweet to eat .
Cut down on sweet food slowly. Don't try to stop eating it all at once.
You have to tell your parents, If they know, they will help you.
The question is: What can we infer   from the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:Fresh fruits are the best food for us.
B:We shouldn't eat sugar to keep healthy.
C:Parents may help you give up bad eating habits.
D:It's very necessary to stop eating sweet food at once.A little boy invited his mother to attend his school's first teacher-parent meeting. To the little boy's dismay  , his mother said she would go. This would be the first time that his classmates and teachers met his mother and he was _ by her appearance . There was a severe   scar   that covered nearly the whole right side of her face. The boy never wanted to talk about why or how she got the scar.
At the meeting, the people were impressed by the kindness of his mother with the scar, but the little boy was still embarrassed and hid himself from everyone. However, he could hear clearly the conversation between his mother and the teacher.
"How did you get the scar on your face?" the teacher asked.
The mother replied, "When my son was a baby, he was in a room that caught on fire. Everyone was too afraid to go in because the fire was out of control, but I went in. As I was running towards his bed, I saw a burning wood falling down and I placed myself over him trying to protect him. I was knocked to be unconscious  , but luckily, a fireman came in and saved both of us." She touched the burned side of her face. "This scar will be forever, but until today, I have never regretted doing what I did."
When the little boy heard this, he couldn't help running towards his mother with tears in his eyes. He hugged her and felt his mother was greater than anyone. He held her hand tightly for the rest of the day.
The question is: In fact, the boy's mother was   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:beautiful
B:ugly
C:kind
D:ugly but kindIn English  nobody under eighteen years old is allowed   to drink in a bar .
Mr Thompson often went to a bar near his house.But he never took his son, Tom, because he was too young.Then when Tom had his eighteenth birthday, Mr Thompson took him to his usual bar for the first time.They drank for an hour.Tom drank a bit.Then Mr Thompson said to his son, "Now, Tom, I want to teach you a useful lesson.How do you know when you've had enough? Well, I'll tell you.De you see those two lights at the end of the bar? When they seem to become four, you've had enough and should go home."
"But, Dad," said Tom, "I can only see one light at the end of the bar." (170)
The question is: On Tom's eighteenth birthday, he drank together with his father in that bar for   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:the first time
B:once
C:many times
D:eighteen timesJoe:What do you do on weekends?
David:Well, I usually have to study on Saturdays.
Joe:And how about Sundays?
David:Well, we have lunch together. You know, all of the members of my family. Then after lunch, I go to the park and meet my friends.
Joe:Oh? What do you do there?
David:We play football. After that I usually go to see a film outside the city.
Joe:Do you often go out of the city?
David:About once a month. My uncle has a small farm.
Joe:It's nice. Do you go alone?
David:No, my mum, my two sisters and some of my friends go there, too.
Joe:But why do you go there?
David:Many things: green trees, clean air, and there are few people.
The question is: Where do they play football?
The possible answers are:
A:At school
B:In the park.
C:Out of the city.
D:In a farm.There once was a man and a woman. They had been married   for more than 60 years. They kept no secrets from each other except that the old woman had a shoe box on the top of her closet . She told her husband never to open it or ask about it.
For all these years , he had never thought about the box, but one day the little old woman got very sick and the doctor said she would never get better.
The woman said it was time that he should know what was in the box. The old man took down the shoe box and took it to his wife's bedside.
When he opened it , he found two beautiful doilies  and some money. The money was over $25,000.
"When we got married," she said, "my grandmother told me that the secret of a happy family was never to argue. She told me that if I ever got angry with you, I should just keep quiet and crochet  a doily."
The little old man was so moved. Only two doilies were in the box. She had only been angry with him twice in all those years.
"My dear," he said, " but what about all this money?" Where did it all come from?"
"Oh," she said, "that's the money I made from selling the doilies."
The question is: From the story we know   _   .
The possible answers are:
A:the old woman enjoyed crocheting doilies
B:the old man only made his wife angry twice
C:the old woman didn't follow her grandmother's advice
D:the old man didn't mind his wife having a secret during the past yearsHave you ever heard the song called "Is there anyone who told you"? It may be impossible for you not to know the song and its singer.It is sung by the famous "Happy Boy" Chen Chusheng, who appeared on Hunan Satellite TV.He caught everyone's attention. Before the competition he was just a farmer's son who had never got professional trainings of any kind. As a child, Chusheng wasn't a good student, but he was very interested in music. He liked to listen to and sing his favorite songs again and again. Like many other parents, his parents also wanted him to go to college,but he failed.Chusheng had no choice but to help his brother repair bicycles and motorbikes.In Sanya, a small city in Hainan Province, Chen worked during the daytime while singing in different bars in the evening. He lived like that until the year 2000.
In 2000, Chen went to Shenzhen.He never expected that his first job in this new place would be _ food.He went on working in the daytime while singing in the evenings.His life was hard at that time.In the bar called Star-making Factories he met many famous local musicians.In the following several years, Chen, with his musical dream, attended many music contests throughout the country, winning prizes many times. Today,when we think about his success, we cannot help thinking that if one wants to be successful, he should work harder than others.
The question is: Where did he work in the evening in Shenzhen?
The possible answers are:
A:In a bar.
B:In a factory.
C:In a restaurant.
D:In a supermarket.Dear Sir,
I read your ad in the newspaper yesterday. I'm writing to tell you I'd like to work as a volunteer for the 2008 Olympics. My name is Fanny. I am 16. I study in No.46 Middle School from September, 2002. I love sports , and table tennis is my favorite . I can speak English very well and I am quite healthy. If I am lucky enough to become a volunteer for the 2008 Olympics, please call me as soon as possible. My telephone number is 028-84661314. I will try my best to do the job well.   Best wishes!
yours
Fanny
The question is: What sport does Fanny love best?  _
The possible answers are:
A:All kinds of sports.
B:Basketball.
C:Table tennis.
D:Basketball and table tennis.Hi, I'm Liu Ying. This is my school. It's big and beautiful. There are twenty classes. There are nine hundred students in my school. There are four beautiful gardens in it. There is a building in my school. On the first floor, there are two offices and a hall. There are six classrooms on the first floor, too. On the second floor, there are fourteen classrooms. There are two toilets on the second floor. There is a big library and some reading rooms in my school, too.
The question is: How many gardens are there in it?
The possible answers are:
A:Three
B:Four
C:One
D:FiveDianna was born in a rich family on July 1st,1961. On July 29, 1981, Diana married Prince Charles. Later she gave birth to Prince William and Prince Harry.
Dianna enjoyed taking part in  international Charities . One day in July 1991, she went to a hospital to see AIDS patients with Barbara Bush, the wife of the president of the United States at the time. Princess Diana talked to an AIDS patient who was unable to stand up. She even hugged  him and encouraged him to fight against the illness . The patient was very _ and said, "AIDS patients do need warm hugs." Of course, she made it. Unfortunately, she died in August 1997. British Prime Minister, Tony Blair said in his speech that Diana was the People's Princess.
After her death, people set up a fund to remember Diana and help those who need help.
The question is: Which of the following is TRUE according to the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:Blair was the wife of Prince Charles.
B:Barbara Bush was also an AIDS Patient.
C:Diana thought the patients had no money.
D:Blair thought Princess Diana was the People's Princess.Mr. and Mrs. Black want to go to Beijing. But their dog Bobby can't go there with them. So they leave him in a dog shop.
It is Sunday. Mr. and Mrs. Black get back home from Beijing very late at night. So they don't get Bobby back. On Monday morning, Mr. Black brings the dog back in his car. When he gets home, he says to his wife, "Bobby barks all the time. I think he wants to tell me something. He doesn't like the shop?"
Mrs. Black looks at the dog carefully   and then says, "You're quite right. He wants to tell you something. He wants to tell you that you bring the wrong   dog home."
.
The question is: The dog gets back home on   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:Sunday evening
B:Sunday morning
C:Monday evening
D:Monday morningMy name is Lucy. I come from America. I am now in China.  I study in Hangzhou Shulan Middle School. There are many clubs in our school. They are an English club, an art club, a music club, a ball game club, a swimming club, a chess club and a computer club. There is a "Show Yourselves !" Festival in our school every year. On that day, students from different clubs show their talents in different ways. They can sing English songs, draw and paint beautiful pictures. They can play the guitar, the violin, the piano, and the trumpets. They can also play chess and show us their swimming skills. They like the festival very much.  I join the art club, and I paint the ads  for them . Giving  help makes me happy.
The question is: _   makes Lucy happy.
The possible answers are:
A:Joining the club.
B:Showing her skills
C:Painting for the Festival
D:Studying in a good school4-Day Beijing Culture Group Tour
Are you new to Shanghai? Do you want to see more of China? If the answer is yes, how about going to Beijing for the weekend? Visit the Great Wall and other places of interest, and enjoy Beijing Roast Duck.
Tour price: $590
Call us! 800-820-6222
8-Day Colorful Yunnan Group Tour
If you like a spring climate and clean air, then Yunnan is the place for you! Another true highlight  of the area is experiencing the cultures of minorities that live in this area.
Places to visit: Kunming, Dali, Lijiang
Tour price: $1,290
Call us: 800-820-8188
4-Day Beautiful Guilin Private Tour
Are you tired of city life? Do you want some fresh air? Then come to Guilin and Yangshuo for a few relaxing days to enjoy the river life, or just take it easy in one of the many cafes and bars.
Tour price:
1person $630
2-5persons $565
6-9persons $527
Call us: 800-810-6562
5-Day Sanya Private Tour
Sanya is famous for its wonderful sunshine, white sandy beaches and clear water. Instead of a busy trip, you can relax here by walking along the beaches and enjoying the fresh air!
Tour price:
1person $569
2-5persons $548
6-9persons $535
Call us! 800-810-5222
The question is: If you take the "4-Day Beautiful Guilin Private Tour", you will be able to   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:visit the Great Wall
B:enjoy the river life
C:enjoy the spring climate
D:experience city lifePeople eat different things in different parts of the world.
In some countries, people eat rice every day. Sometimes they eat it two or three times a day for breakfast, lunch and supper. They eat rice with meat, fish and vegetables.
Some people do not eat some kinds of meat. Muslims  ,for example, do  not eat pork.
Japanese eat lots of fish. They are near the  sea. So it is easy for them to get fish.
In some western countries such as Britain, Australia and the USA, the most important food is bread and potatoes. People there can cook potatoes in many different ways.
Some people eat only fruit and vegetables. They do not eat meat or fish or anything from animals. They only eat food from plants  . Some people say that food from plants is better than meat. These people are called _
The question is: Why do Japanese eat lots of fish?
The possible answers are:
A:Because they like fish better than the other food.
B:Because it is easy for them to get fish.
C:Because fish can give them lots of calories.
D:Because they think eating fish can make them clever.A rich man was ill in hospital, and the doctor feared that his life was ending soon. He called together his three sons and gave them the challenge, 'One of you will get all my money. To decide which of you can get the money, I am going to give each of you a dollar. Go today and buy something that can fill this room."
In the evening, they all came back. Child number one went to his friend's farm and bought two bales of hay   with the dollar. He brought the hay and threw it up into the air. But it couldn't fill the room.
Child number two went to a shop and bought two pillows made with feathers . He then opened them and threw the feathers all over the room. All the feathers settled down on the floor and the room was still not filled.
The third son took out a candle and said, "I bought a box of matches and a candle then I gave the rest to a charity." He lit the candle and turned off the lights, and the room was filled.
" Well done, my son. You will get all my money because you understand a very important lesson about life. You understand how to let your light shine. That is good." said the father.
The question is: Child number two   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:asked his father for help
B:bought nothing
C:gave the money to charity
D:got feathers in a shopMrs Weeks was reading a newspaper story to her class. The story said:
Were you ever in a hospital when you were small? How did you feel? The doctors in Children's Hospital are asking for money for children's toys. Some children in the hospital must stay in bed for many weeks. Toys are needed to keep these sick children happy and quiet. Money for them can be sent to the hospital.
After Mrs. Weeks read the story, she said,"This story gave me an idea."
"You want us to bring some money for the toys.""We could bring some of our own toys for the children in the hospital, "said the boys and girls one after another.
"Well, your ideas would be nice, "Mrs. Weeks said,"but mine is different."
Mrs. Weeks smiled. "Do you think you could make toys?" she asked.
"Yes, yes," the whole class answered.
"Great! Let's begin to make toys tomorrow," said Mrs. Weeks.
On Saturday afternoon, Mrs. Weeks took the children to the hospital with the toys made by her students.
The children in the hospital felt very happy to see the toys. The children in the class felt happy, too. A few days later, Mrs. Weeks read another newspaper story to the class:
Some school pupils brought toys to Children's Hospital last week. The toys were made by the pupils of Grade Three in Green Street School. The doctors said, "We have never had so many wonderful toys. Our children are very happy with them. They say, 'THANK YOU, GRADE THREE'"
The question is: At first, the doctors in Children's Hospital wanted to   _   the sick children.
The possible answers are:
A:give some money to
B:make some toys for
C:get money to buy toys for
D:borrow some toys forMr. Green is a famous writer now. But he said he was not a good student when he was young. He was often late for school and didn't like doing his homework. Sometimes he slept in class while the teacher was teaching. He didn't understand much, but he always thought he understood everything.
One day the teacher asked the students a question, "When John was ten years old, his brother was twenty. John is fifteen now and how old is his brother?"
Mr. Green answered, "That's easy. His brother is twice as old as John, so he is now thirty."
Another time, the teacher in a science class asked, "When it thunders , why do we always see the light before we hear the sound?" "But, Miss White," said Mr. Green quickly, "can't you see our eyes are in front of our ears?"
The third time, the teacher in a biology class asked, "Why can fish swim in the water?" "But, Miss White," said Mr. Green quickly, "don't you know fish can't walk on land?"
The question is: Mr. Green   _   when he was a student.
The possible answers are:
A:understood much
B:did a lot of housework
C:didn't like to do his homework
D:learned science and biology very wellWant ads
(1) Wanted :"Are you hard-working ?" Do you like to meet people? If your answer is "Yes", then we have a job for you as a waiter, call AL Hotel at 556779!
(2)Summer Job: Do you like to talk with people ? Do yu like to write stories? If you want to work for our magazine as a reporter. Please call Karen at 558366.
(3)Help wanted: Do you like babies ? Can you look after one baby for two days ? If you are sure to take good care of it, call us at 766588. $80 or more. Today ! Hurry !
(4)Cleaner wanted: Can you make a large house clean and tidy? If you hope to get the job paid at $20 once, call us this evening 18:00-20:00 Tel : 633800.
The question is: If you're a college  student of English ,and you enjoy writing, during your summer holidays you will be more interested in the job in   _
The possible answers are:
A:ad(1)
B:ad(2)
C:ad(3)
D:ad(4)I'm Tom. My best friends are John and Ann. We do many things together. John lives near my house and we are in the same class. He's fifteen years old and he's tall and slim. He has blond hair and blue eyes. He's polite  and very clever. He's very good at math and he sometimes helps me with my homework. He usually wears jeans and a T-shirt. We also play basketball at a nearby   park together and sometimes we play video games at my house after school.
Our friend Ann isn't in our school. She's short and slim with straight brown hair and brown eyes. She's a little bit shy. We all have kung fu lesson every Tuesday and Friday afternoon. Ann is really good at kung fu. We call her the "kung fu kid". She sometimes plays basketball with us, too. She often wears a dress, a T-shirt and a baseball cap. The three of us have great fun together.
The question is: Where do Tom and John play video games?
The possible answers are:
A:At John's house
B:At Tom's house
C:At Ann's house
D:At the video houseMin Sun, with another name of Ziqian, was a famous man in the State of Lu during the Spring and Autumn Period. He was a student of Confucius. Among all students of Confucius, he was compared with Yan Yuan.
Min Sun's mother died very early, later his father took another wife, who gave birth to two sons. The stepmother _ Min Sun--in winter, while two younger brothers wore warm clothes made of cotton. Min Sun only wore clothes made of reed catkins .
One day, he followed his father to go out. When pulling the chariot , Min Sun felt so cold that he dropped the rope onto the ground. Then his father beat him. Just then, the reed catkins flew out from the broken clothes and his father knew that Min Sun was mistreated, he was very angry.
After the father returned home, he wanted to divorce his wife. Min Sun fell on his knees and begged his father to forgive his stepmother. He said, " if Mother stays at home, only I myself have to stand cold. But if you divorce Mother, all three children have to suffer from cold."
His father was deeply moved and took Min Sun's advice. The stepmother heard of this, felt sorry and knew her mistakes. From then on, she treated Min Sun as her own son.
The question is: Why was Min Sun's father still angry after beating him?
The possible answers are:
A:Because Min Sun went out with him
B:Because Min Sun felt very cold
C:Because Min Sun dropped the rope
D:Because Min Sun was mistreatedThere are four hats. They are red, yellow, green and white. They are Mike's, Bill's, Tom's and John's. Tom's hat is not yellow, green or red. John's hat is not green. And Mike's hat is not yellow or green. What color are their hats?
,.
The question is: Is Tom's hat white or green?
The possible answers are:
A:Yes, it is.
B:No, it isn't.
C:It's white.
D:It's green.Today is Sunday, March 20. We, sixteen boys and seventeen girls, go to school early, but we have no lessons. Our teacher takes us to the zoo. We are very excited about the trip. We get on a bus, it goes fast and at half past nine we get there. How beautiful the zoo is! There're a lot of trees, some hills, and a big lake. The sun is shining and the flowers are coming out. There are all kinds of animals in it, elephants, monkeys, birds, fishes and many other animals. The birds are singing in the trees and the fishes are swimming in the lake. We like to watch monkeys. They are playing on the hill or having oranges, apples and bananas. There are many rules in the zoo. We mustn't do this and we mustn't do that. But we all have a good time. At one in the afternoon we leave the zoo.
The question is: _   students and a teacher go to the zoo by bus
The possible answers are:
A:Sixteen
B:Seventeen
C:Thirty-three
D:Thirty -fourSome people think that they have an answer to the problems of automobile crowding and pollution in large cities. Their answer is the bicycle, or bike.
In a great many cities, hundreds of people ride bicycles to work every day. In New York City, some bike riders have even formed a group called "Bike for a Better City". They claim that if more people rode bicycles to work there would be fewer _ in the downtown section of the city and therefore less dirty air from car engines.
For several years this group has been trying to get city government to help bicycle riders. For example, they want the city to paint special lanes--for bicycles only--on some of the main streets, because when bicycle riders must use the same lanes as cars, there may be accidents. "Bike for a Better City" feels that if there were special lanes, more people would use bikes.
But no bicycle lanes have been painted yet. Not everyone thinks it is a good idea. Taxi drivers don't like the idea--they say it will slow traffic. Some store owners on the main streets don't like the idea--they say that if there is less traffic, they will have less business. And most people live too far from downtown to travel by bike.
The city government has not yet decided what to do. It wants to keep everyone happy. On weekends, Central Park--the largest open place in New York--is closed to cars, and the roads may be used by bicycles only. But "Bike for a Better City" says that this is not enough and keeps fighting to get bicycle lanes downtown. Until that happens, the safest place to bicycle may be in the park.
The question is: This passage is mainly about   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:city problems and "Bike for a Better City"
B:"Bike for a Better City" and the city government
C:the government's idea on traffic and city pollution
D:a suggestion on the city problems of traffic and pollutionOne day, I saw Harry sitting under a tree. He looked very sad. So I asked him what was wrong.
"Nothing," He said, "I'm too short to join the school basketball team." "And our P.E .teacher thinks I've little hope to be in the team in half a year," he added.
"Why not join another team?" I asked.
"But my dream is to be an excellent basketball player in the future," he said.
He told me his father wanted him to change his idea to join the school ping-pong team.
"Good idea." I agreed. "You're sure to be popular, because you have a smart head."
The next day, he joined the school ping-pong team. He worked harder than any other boy. Soon he was very popular in the team and looked happy every day.
At the end of last month, his team took part in the city's high school ping-pong match. He and his team beat the others and won the championship.
Sometimes your dream may not come true. Then make a small change, and it will bring you another success.
,,.
The question is: Harry's father would like him to   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:join the school ping-pong team.
B:take part in another basketball club.
C:take part in the city ping-pong match.
D:beat others and win a championship.A young woman was driving through the country far away from the town. It was dark and raining. Suddenly she saw an old woman by the side of the road, holding her hand out as if   she wanted a lift.
"I can't leave her out in this weather," the woman said to herself, so she stopped the car and opened the door.
"Do you want a lift?" she asked. The old woman nodded   and climbed into the car. After a while, she said to the old woman, "Have you been waiting for a long time?" The old woman moved her head from side to side. "Strange," thought the young woman. She tried again. "Bad weather for the time of year," she said. The old woman nodded. No matter what the young woman said, the hitchhiker   gave no answer except for a nod of the head.
Then the young woman noticed the hitchhiker's hands, which were large and hairy. Suddenly she realized the hitchhiker was in fact a man! She stopped the car. "There is something wrong with the car," she said, "Would you mind getting off and helping me?" The hitchhiker nodded and opened the door. As soon as the hitchhiker was out of the car, the frightened young woman raced off.
When she got to the next village she stopped her car. She noticed that the hitchhiker had left his handbag behind. She picked it up and opened it. To her surprise, there was a gun   inside the bag.
The question is: What made the young woman feel strange about the "old woman"?
The possible answers are:
A:The fact that the "old woman" kept nodding her head.
B:The fact that the "old woman" was unable to speak.
C:The fact that the "old woman" gave no answer to her questions.
D:The fact that the "old woman" had large and hairy hands.There are many clubs in our school. My English is not good. I want to join the English club. Wang Ying wants to learn to paint. So he wants to join the art club. Zhang Ping likes running. He wants to join the running club. Li Nan is good at singing and she wants to join the music club. What club does Han Mei join? Oh, she likes eating and she joins the cooking club.
The question is: Why does Han Mei want to join the cooking club?
The possible answers are:
A:She likes cooking.
B:She likes eating.
C:She can cook.
D:She wants to be a cook.Sarah is a keen walker. She lives in a big city. When she goes on holiday she likes to walk in the hills. She is looking for new places to go.
Jane is keen on music. She also likes reading about the personal life of famous people to find out what they are really like.
Peter is going to France next week on business. And he has a free weekend so he plans to spend it in Paris. He would like to find out what is happening there for fun and entertainment.
Mary likes clothes but hasn't got much money so she is looking for ways of dressing smartly without spending too much.
Paul likes singing. He is also interested in history and likes reading about famous explorers from the past.
The question is: What does Paul like?
The possible answers are:
A:He likes clothes.
B:He likes music.
C:He likes exploring.
D:He likes reading.Which day is the most important for you? Your birthday, the first day of your work or the day you win a prize. Many teenagers may think their birthday is the happiest time because they can receive many wonderful presents and have much fun with their friends. Others may regard the starting day of their work as the most meaningful. They think it's the first big step in their life and they can depend on themselves. They like to deal with challenges rather than to ask for the help of adults.
According to a survey, more than half of the Chinese people, certain ages and birthdays are especially important. One hundred days after a baby's birth has special meaning. On that day, relatives  and friends come to bless the baby. In northern part of China, like Inner Mongolia, a child's 12th birthday is a big day. This is when a child becomes a teenager. Eighteen is another important age, which means you must be responsible  for what you have done in laws. As for adults, maybe the anniversary of their marriage  is the most important. For some old people, the 60th or 70th birthday is also very important. They like to be cared about by all his family and friends, and the big family get-together can provide them a good chance to recall  the past.
The question is: Which is not regarded as the most important day for teenagers?
The possible answers are:
A:their first day of work
B:the day they win
C:their birthday days
D:the anniversary of marriageIf you ask me to tell how to get along in the United States, I think the following "do's" and "don'ts" would be helpful.
Generally speaking, it isn't easy to find anyone to talk to in a busy city, so you should try to do the following. First, get or borrow a dog! Walk him several times a day! Americans love dogs and cats and usually stop to talk to anyone with a dog. Then, try to eat in a restaurant. People generally share the same table and will sometimes talk to you if they see you are new there. Next, take your dirty clothes to a laundry ! It takes about an hour to wash and dry them and people there often pass the time talking with each other. Always ask for information from a woman if you are a man, and from a man, if you are a woman! Learn to say, "Please" "Thank you" and "You're welcome" and use them all the time!
There are some things you shouldn't do. Don't tell the truth when people ask, "How are you?" The only answer they want is "Fine". Never ask people their age--especially  women! Everyone wants to be young. Don't tell heavy people they are fat. Tell them they are losing weight. Everyone wants to be thin. Don't be late when meeting people! When someone says six o'clock, be sure to be there by six. Americans respect time and want everyone to be "on time".
The question is: When talking to people there, you may say   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:"How are you?"
B:"How old are you?"
C:"What is your weight?"
D:"You seem to be fat."Mr Brown is one of my friend . He can run very fast and likes to show people how fast he can run .
One day , a thief  got into his house , took some of his things and ran out of the house fast . Mr. Brown found it and ran after him , and shouted  ,"Hey ! Don't you know you can't get away from me ?"
But the thief ran much faster . Mr. Brown got angry and ran faster , too . He was soon a few kilometers away from his house . He was running hard when he met me. " Why are you running so fast ?" I asked , " I want to catch a thief ." said Mr. Brown "But where is the thief ?" I asked . " Kilometers and kilometers behind ." Said Mr. Brown proudly . " He thought he could run faster than me , but you see he is wrong ."
The question is: Did the thief steal  anything from Mr. Brown's house ?
The possible answers are:
A:Yes, he was.
B:No, he wasn't .
C:Yes, he did .
D:No, he didn't .Dear Fang,
How are you these days? I have been in England for two months. It's not a long time for a newcomer, and there are still a lot of things to do. Sorry for not being able to write to you soon.
London is an old but beautiful city. There are lots of places of interest to visit. Last weekend I went along Thames River with some friends from Japan, Korea and some other countries. The modern skyscrapers  among the old buildings impressed(...) us deeply. The classes started two weeks after I arrived here alone. Besides the language, I'm trying to learn about the culture as well. British people are quite different from the Chinese. Do you know the people here do not shake hands as much as we do in China? And it's never a good habit to make noise when you eat. They think it's impolite.
There is so much to say, but I have to stop.
I will write to you soon again.
Love,
Harry
The question is: Harry came to London from   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:France
B:Japan
C:Korea
D:ChinaIn the universe,as we all know,there is the sun,the moon,the earth and a good manystars.Through our geography lessons,we know the earth goes around the sun,and the moon goes around the earth.We have day and night because the earth keeps turning all the time.When our part of the earth turns to the sun,it is day.When our part of the earth turns away from the sun,it is night.
Just because the moon is closer to the earth than the sun, it looks much bigger than the sun. Big things will look smaller when they are further, and small things also look bigger when they are nearer.
The sun is big enough to give out very strong light. The moon can't give any light at all, but it looks quite bright, too. Why? In fact, the light from the moon comes from the sun. The moon looks much bigger and brighter than the stars. But actually   the stars are much bigger and brighter than the moon.They look smaller than the moon also because they are further away from the earth.
There are many other planets in the universe. But of all the planets, only on the earth there are living things and people can only live on the earth, too. But at 9:00 a.m. on October 15th,2003, Chinese pilot Yang Liwei was sent up to space. He stayed there for 21 hours.It was the first time for Chinese to get into space.
The question is: Which of the following is TRUE according to the passage?  _
The possible answers are:
A:The moon goes around the earthand it can't give out any light at all.
B:The moon goes around the sunand its light is from the sun.
C:The earth moves around the moonand people can live only on the earth.
D:Of all the planets,only the earth moves around the sun."Why does the chicken cross the road? To get to the other side!"
That's an old joke in the west, but it came to my mind again when I saw people crossing the road at the _ of Shanxi Road and Huaihai Road in Shanghai.
When the traffic light was red, a group of people were waiting for the light to change. Suddenly one man began rushing to the other side of the road. Soon others followed him at the crossing and more people did the same. Just like chickens, they didn't mind the honking horns  and kept crossing the road in a mess.
Every year several thousand people are either killed or hurt on the roads in Shanghai. And at least one third of them were jaywalking . Jaywalking is very common in Shanghai. It seems that jaywalkers are not afraid of the danger to themselves.
Traffic laws are to keep people safe. So we should obey them, and have good road-crossing habits. When someone starts to jaywalk, we should stop him, and never follow him. That way we can avoid the traffic accidents.
The question is: How does the writer like what he saw in Shanghai that day?
The possible answers are:
A:He thinks it's OK.
B:He thinks it's wrong.
C:He has no idea of it.
D:He doesn't mention itWhat do people drink in Western countries? They drink coffee, of course. Tea is the drink of us Chinese. Think again. In the West, tea is seeing to be cool again.
In Western countries like the UK, coffee used to be the fashionable drink. Jenny Northam, a 28-year-old English woman, remembers that ten years ago tea was unfashionable. "At that time young people didn't like tea. We thought drinking tea was uncool and old-fashioned. Tea was _ something we only drank when visiting grandparents."
Several years ago US _ Madonna, who lived in Britain, published a children's book _ called The English Roses. She launched the book with a tea party. Since Madonna is the "Queen of Cool", she took a big part in making tea fashionable. The British tradition of afternoon tea was fashionable again.
In Britain, hotels accept bookings   for afternoon tea weeks in advance. The trend   had also taken off in the US. In New York and Los Angeles, more and more cafes are serving tea.
The tea craze is not only down to Madonna, of course. People drink tea because they connect it with the idea of living life at a slower pace.
People drink coffee and tea at different times. Coffee is seen as the drink of people in a hurry; tea of those who like to spend their time.
,.
The question is: Ten years ago, tea was   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:in style
B:fashioned
C:old-fashioned
D:coolIt was just three degrees above zero."That's cold", thought Jane as she got ready to deliver her morning papers . Jane had 50 customers ,and on cold mornings when she couldn't ride her bicycle , it took her more than an hour to make her rounds.
As she collected her papers and put them into a big canvas bag , Jane regretted that she hadn't finished her maths homework the night before . There was still time . She would hurry with the papers and finish the maths before breakfast.
Less than an hour later Jane nearly finished. She had only five customers to go.
She could then go home to finish her maths homework while her Mom cooked breakfast . As she rounded the corner , she saw a car in the middle of the street . It was Mr Zimmerman , the elderly man who walked with a walking stick . His car was out of gas .
"I'd like to help Mr Zimmerman," thought Jane ,"but if I do , I won't have time to do my homework." She hated to think what Mr Robert would say if she didn't finish  papers.
"It's his own fault for running out of gas," Jane talked to herself. "The station is only a half mile down the street . Surely Mr Zimmerman can walk that far, even on a cold morning like this...can't he?" As she walked down the street , Jane still wondered what to do.
The question is: We know from the reading that  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:Jane couldn't find any time to finish her homework
B:it took about an hour for Jane to send the papers
C:Jane would have her breakfast in the school
D:Jane liked to deliver papers on cold morningsNapoga is a 12-year-old girl in Ghana ,Africa.It is hard for her family to get clean water.Every morning,she leaves home at half past five to get clean water for her family from a village far away.It takes her six hours to get enough clean water for daily cooking and drinking.She has no time to go to school or to play with her friends.Millions of people in the world are like Napoga.They can't get enough clean water to keep healthy.
Earth Day is April 22.But on all other days,we must also remember it.The water we use is the most important natural resource on the earth.
Water covers 70% of the earth's surface .But most of that is sea water.We can't use it for many things.Fresh water covers only 1% of the earth's surface.
You probably feel lucky that your life isn't as hard as Napoga's.But that doesn't mean you don't have to worry about water.We all face serious water problems.One of them is water pollution.All kinds of things from cars,factories,farms and homes make our rivers,lakes,and oceans dirty.Polluted water is very bad for people to drink.And dirty water is bad for fish,too.Now,34% of all kinds of fish are dying out.
How do cars and factories make our water dirty?First,they pollute the air.Then,when it rains,the rain water comes down and makes our drinking water dirty.Dirty rain,called acid rain ,is also bad for plants,animals and buildings.
Scientists say that in 30 years,more than half of the people in the world won't have enough clean water.We have to learn how to save more water for ourselves and our children.Here is some advice for saving water:
* Turn off the water while you brush your teeth.You can save as much as 450 liters each month.
* Leaky taps waste a lot of water.Fix them right away!
* You can easily cut your 10-minute showers in half--and you'll be just as clean.
* When you wash dishes,don't let the water run.
* Only wash clothes when you have a lot to wash.If your washing machine isn't full,you're wasting water!
The question is: Which of the following wastes water?
The possible answers are:
A:We need ten minutes if we want a clean shower.
B:We should put in enough clothes when we wash them in washing machines.
C:You can keep yourself clean by having a shower for five minutes.
D:Don't let the water run when we brush our teeth and wash dishes.Welcome to the Amazing kids Website! Here you can read about clever children all over the world.
Gina, who is thirteen years old, got first prize in the "Young Look of the Year" competition and is now writing her own recipe   book for kids. "I want it to be fun to read and easy enough for children to use," she says. Gina learned by observing  her father, who's also good at cooking, in the kitchen. She wants to encourage other children to cook because "everyone needs to eat, so it's a skill that will always be useful!
Fourteen-year-old Bren used to love running until he had a serious car accident three years ago. He lost part of one leg and didn't even expect to walk again. Now he's an athlete who has recently completed a marathon. "After my accident I wanted to give up," he says. "But now I'm happy to be alive and able to continue running."
Helga has always been good at science, but she thought it was too difficult to become an inventor. Then she heard about an accident that had happened when a car hit a train in her town. "That gave me an idea," says the clever sixteen-year-old girl. It took her over a year to invent a special machine that tells car drivers when a train is coming. One company is already interested in selling it, so it may be in the shops soon!
The question is: Why is it surprising that Bren is an athlete?
The possible answers are:
A:Because he can' t walk.
B:Because he lost part of one leg.
C:Because he gave up running.
D:Because he used to love running.Joe Brown has a shop. He sells  meat in his shop. One Thursday a woman comes into his shop at five to one. "I'm sorry I'm late," she says. "I need some more meat for my dinner tonight." Joe has only one piece of meat in his shop. He takes it out of the fridge and says, "This is $6.50." "That piece is too small," the woman says, "Don't you have anything bigger?" Joe goes into the room behind his shop, puts the piece of meat into the fridge, takes it out of the fridge again and closes the door with lots of noise. Then he brings the piece of meat to the woman and says, "This piece of meat is bigger and more expensive. It's $8.75." "Good," the woman says with a smile, "give me both  of them, please."
The question is: How many pieces of meat does Joe have in the fridge?
The possible answers are:
A:Only one piece of meat.
B:Two pieces of meat.
C:Several pieces of meat.
D:Many pieces of meat.London used to be "foggy" for the same reason that cities like Beijing or Chongqing are "foggy" today. The "fog" was in fact smog, a mixture of smoke and fog. In other words, it was made by air pollution. In London, some of this pollution came from factories, but much of it came from the coal   that people burnt in their houses to keep warm during the winter. By the 1950s, London's smog problem had become so bad that the government decided to do something to clean the air. A new law was made and nobody could burn coal in any British city. Within a few years, the air became much cleaner. There were no more " _ ".
Many Chinese cities now face the same sort of problem with air pollution that London faced 40 or 50 years ago. However, this problem is more difficult for Chinese cities to solve. One reason is that more of the pollution comes from the factories, rather than from coal burnt in people's houses. If these factories were closed, this would harm the economy and lots of people would lose their jobs. Another reason is that changing from coal to cleaner fuel  , like gas, is quite expensive.
However, the air in many Chinese cities is becoming cleaner and cleaner, as the government and people pay more and more attention to cutting down pollution. As a result, there are fewer "pea-soupers" in Beijing than there used to be.
The question is: How did the air in London become much cleaner?
The possible answers are:
A:There was not so much fog in the winter later.
B:A law was made to keep people from burning coal in their houses.
C:Many factories in the city were closed.
D:People paid more attention to cleaning their city.New Library Rules
1. Open time: 8:30am.-4:30pm. From Monday to Friday.  2. No talking.
3. No eating any food. 4. No listening to music. 5. No taking photos.
6. No taking books out if you don't ask the people here.
7. Keep the library books for only one week.
8. Give the books back on time. 9. Renew  books on time.
10. Pay for the lost  books.
The question is: What time do we have to leave the library?
The possible answers are:
A:At 2:00 pm.
B:Before 4:30pm
C:After 4:30pm
D:In the afternoonLiang Huili is the leader of Huana International Volunteer Service Group,with hundreds of students, young professionals and business leaders. They held a basketball match to help 150 poor students in western China with school supplies  and winter clothes. She also worked with an organization in the US to raise money for children with heart disease.
Born in Guangdong Province in 1942, Liang moved with her family to Taiwan at the age of seven. Liang taught at a primary school for seven years until her boyfriend went to America in 1969, one year after they got married.
"We didn't have much money," she says, " so I started babysitting for other Chinese families and taking care of my own daughter at the same time." She also taught children Chinese at Chinese schools. What's more, she would help newly arrived Chinese families find apartments and work, and sometimes lend them money.
"I remember those students from China who first came in 1986. They didn't have much money, and idea of what to do," Liang told us. " I then asked people in my neighborhood and my Chinese friends for donations -not only some money but also small electronic appliances needed for daily living."
One of her experiences in Dayton, Ohio made her want to make volunteering a vocation . She remembers how she once collected  two Chinese professors who had missed their flight and had no one there to pick them up. A friend told Liang about it, and she went to meet them herself around midnight. She found the men feeling lost in that strange country, where no one spoke their language. They didn't want to go to an American hotel, and didn't know how they would get to Columbus the next day. " So I talk to them and took them home with me," she says, " and today, I am still in touch with those two professors. We are good friends."
The question is: Liang moved with her family to Taiwan when she was  _   years old.
The possible answers are:
A:six
B:seven
C:eight
D:nineDuring my first two weeks at the University of California , Berkeley , I experienced some unexpected , funny , and sometimes embarrassing  situations . Allow me to share some with you .
But first , let me give advice to other foreign students who plan to study in the United States . Check the weather before coming ! I was very sure that California was sunny all year around so I left all my jackets and sweaters in Paris . It was a huge mistake ! It rained almost every day during the first week in Berkeley .
I have to say that I quickly forgot these unlucky events . Life in Berkeley is very pleasant and everything is so easy compared to Paris . For example , in only 24 hours I bought a mobile phone and made the lease  agreement for a flat . What's more , almost all the shops are open on Sunday , which is very practical for me .
The first thing that surprised me is that students may come late to class . They freely enter and leave the classroom many times during class , In France , students respect the teacher's lesson , so they are never late and they leave the classroom only at the end of the class .
The local people in California are in general very nice , open and active , However , I am not totally used to their habits yet . Indeed , I was used to shaking my friends' hands every day in France . During my second day at Berkeley , I shook the hand of one of my classmates whom I had met the day before and he told me "I think we already met !"
Another funny story happened during the first party I attended : A girl that I meet before came to hug me . I thought she wanted to kiss me like we usually do in France to say hello . So I kissed her and she seemed a little bit embarrassed .
I live a great experience at present , and I would just encourage any student to become a member in  a program at UC , Berkeley .
The question is: According to the writer's advice , before students study in America , they should  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:make a lease agreement for a flat
B:leave their warm clothes at home
C:pay attention to the local weather
D:prepare a phone as early as possibleWhen you finish high school or university, is learning done? The answer is "no". In many countries, people continue learning all their lives. Why is lifelong learning important? How can it help you? Let's look at one example of lifelong learning in Japan.
Why is lifelong learning important?
You go to school and learn. You take tests. But learning doesn't only happen in school. And learning doesn't stop when you graduate from high school or college. You are learning all the time. For example, learning can happen when you go to a museum. It can also happen when you get a job. You learn when you play a sport or when you take a trip. Learning is life! We never stop learning. Every day, you can improve yourself by learning something new.
Lifelong learning in Japan
In Japan, life learning is very important. People in Japan like to try new learning activities. Except music calligraphy, flower arranging, and foreign languages are some of their favorite classes. The Japanese take classes to improve their skills and learn new things.
Conclusion
When we graduate from school, we can continue to learn. Make lifelong learning one of your goals!
The question is: People in Japan like to try new learning activities. Except  _
The possible answers are:
A:music calligraphy
B:foreign languages
C:flower arranging
D:sports learningIf you knew a bottle of water had been recycled from urine  , would you drink it? Astronauts at the International Space Station (ISS) may soon do so.  NASA   said it would use a high-tech machine   to recycle wastewater at the ISS. The machine will recycle everything from sweat  , the water for washing hands, shower water, water used for brushing teeth, and even urine, to make drinking water.
It will save NASA millions of dollars each year. At present, each ISS astronaut uses about 4.4 liters   of water every day. It costs about $24 million a year to transport water up to ISS. NASA says that a liter of water costs about $11,000.
The machine will be sent to the ISS in October 2008. NASA hopes it will recycle about 93% of all water used on the station.  Will the water be clean? Scientists say the wastewater will go through a very complicated process  . For example, different chemicals will be put in the wastewater; the water will be heated to 130degCto get rid of bacteria  . The recycled water is thousands of times better than the water from a city tap, scientists say.
The question is: The reading mainly tells us something about   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:water recycling
B:the International Space Station
C:a high-tech machine
D:the cost of NASAAmericans think much about time. From childhood they learn to value time. They are taught to be on time to go to school, to work and to do everything. When they are having a good time, they say that time goes easily. When a person is dying, they say he is living on a borrowed time.
Time is money. Time is knowledge. Time is everything in America. A working American has to work hard for eight hours a day or forty hours a week. This is the working time. In his free time, he also works hard for more money. Even on Saturday and Sunday he also works hard as usual. In the street you can hardly see a man walking slowly. They walk very fast. In fact, they are running.
They love time because time can bring them money and lots of things. But sometimes they also hate time , because they feel they have become servants of the clock .
The question is: Americans think it wrong  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:to work late
B:to get up early
C:to be late for school
D:to be on time to do everythingSouth of Florida, many islands  dot   the ocean. One of them is Hispaniola. Its name points to the fact that Christopher Columbus visited the island in 1492. As a result, Spain ruled theisland for th e next 300 years. Two nations now share the island. Haiti makes up   the western third. The Dominican Republic makes up the eastern two-thirds.
The Dominican Republic's area is about 18,000 square miles with the population of 8 million.
Most people live close to the island's coast. Like many other tropical islands, the Dominican Republic regards tourism as a key industry. The coastal citie s, especially, depend on tourists to fill their hotels and restaurants. The natural beauty of the beaches and of the forests draw Dominicans and tourists alike.  When you're ready for something else,walk into town.Music,dancing,and people in Colourful masks   will greet you at nearly every street corner. Whether you go to join them or get away from them, there will be a place for you in the Dominican Republic.
The question is: What happened to Hispaniola after Christopher Columbus visited there in 1492?
The possible answers are:
A:Spainruledtheislandfor300years.
B:Twonationssharedtheisland.
C:TheDominicanRepublicjoinedtheisland
D:ThenameofHaitibegantouse.Snooker is a big sport in China.It is said that there are 300 million snooker players in China, so it's not surprised that some of the world's best players come from China.Ding Junhui is one of them.
When Ding Junhui was eight years old, there were not many snooker clubs.His father often played with his friends on a table in the street,and one day Ding Junhui played with one of his father friends and beat him.His father,a shoe salesman,discovered that his son was talented at snooker.He then took Ding Junhui to China's nation snooker training center in Dongguan,Guangdong Province.There.they lived in a room of five square meters.When they ran out of money.Ding's father phoned his wife and told her to sell their house.
After years of hard training,Ding turned professional in 2003 and became China's No.1.In 2005.more than 100 million people watched Ding Junhui win the 2005 World Snooker China Open.Since then, snooker has become more and more popular in China.
"When I was a small boy, snooker was not in the top 10 favorite sports in China,"Ding says."Table tennis was top, followed by soccer, basketball and badminton.Now,basketball is top,but snooker is surely in the top five."
The question is: According to Ding Junhui's words,   _    is the top sport in China now.
The possible answers are:
A:ping-pong
B:soccer
C:snooker
D:basketballMy life, as it really is, is always filled with sadness and little joy. However, no matter what happens, I can always face it bravely.
In July, last year, I couldn't believe the news that I was allowed to enter the only key high school in my hometown. Then I rushed to my home and told my parents. But my father didn't seem as excited as I was. They didn't say a word. My father just kept smoking and my mother put her head down and couldn't help crying.
What I saw didn't make me surprise. I knew very well what my family was like. My mum had been in bed for two years because of her disease. I knew my family lived a hard life and couldn't afford my tuition fee  . I felt so upset at that moment, but I could say nothing to my parents.
I decided to help my father with his work to support my family instead of continuing my schooling.
To my surprise, things completely changed just three days before the beginning of the new term. My head teacher who had taught me three years came to my family with some money, which had been raised by my schoolmates. He encouraged me, "Always have dreams."
At the same time,my father also earned some extra money so that he could afford part of my tuition fee.
I knew I was such a lucky dog and decided to study harder in return. With tears in my eyes, I stepped into the key high school that I had dreamed of.
I have been studying hard since I entered the high school. Whenever I meet difficulties, I always think of my teacher and schoolmates, and I can always get enough courage to go on, because I have a college dream and must work hard for it no matter how hard the life is. I believe what the saying "where there is will, there is a way." tells us.
,.
The question is: Which is not the reason why he has been studying hard at school?   _
The possible answers are:
A:His teacher and schoolmates' help.
B:His college dream.
C:His dream of making more money.
D:His courage from a saying.It's Jim's birthday today. He is five years old. He gets many nice birthday presents from his family and one of them is a big drum  .
" Who gives him the drum?" his father asks.
" His grandfather does." answers Jim's mother.
Jim likes his drum very much. He makes a noise  with it, but his mother doesn't say anything about it. His father is not at home. He is working in a school. So he doesn't hear  the noise.
But one of the neighbours doesn't like the noise at all. So one morning she takes a knife and goes into Jim's room. Jim is making a noise with the drum. She says to him, "Hello,  Jim, Do you know there is something nice in your drum? Here is a knife. Open the drum and let's find it."
The question is: Which of the following is right?
The possible answers are:
A:Jim's grandfather makes the drum.
B:Something is wrong with Jim's father's ears.
C:There is a nice present in the drum.
D:Jim's mother doesn't stop   the noise.Since last year, Where Are We Going, Dad? has become one of the most popular TV shows. On the show, the five fathers and their children traveled around China, riding camels through the western desserts , fishing on the east coast, and selling vegetables for their bus fare( )home in southwestern Yunnan Province.
One dad doesn't know how to do his daughter's hair, so some people try to help him. Another one must survive  with his son for three days in the desert. Because the father can't cook, they only eat instant noodles .
Why is Where Are We Going, Dad? so popular? Because it is about how Chinese parents look after their kids. The show makes modern parents think about what they should do with their kids. "In traditional  Chinese culture, the father is strict and the mother is kind. But on the show, we see fathers who are much kinder on their kids and more involved  in their upbringing ."said Li Minyi, a professor of early childhood education.
In the past, children were taught to follow their parents' wishes and look after _ in their old age. But today Chinese parents start to realize  that respecting   their children's choices may be a better way to be ready for modern society. As they raise  their children, parents are growing up  at the same time.
The question is: According to the passage, what didn't the fathers and their children do on the show?
The possible answers are:
A:Rode camels
B:Sold vegetables
C:Climbed the mountains
D:Fished on the east coastWhen the weather is hot, you go to a lake or an ocean. When you are near a lake or an ocean, you feel cool. Why? The sun makes the earth hot, but it can not make the water hot. Though the air over the earth becomes hot, the air over the water stays cool. The hot air over the earth goes up, then the cool air over the water moves in and takes the place of the hot air. When you are near a lake or an ocean, you feel the cool air when _ moves in. You feel the wind and the wind makes you cool.
Of course, scientists cannot answer all of our questions. If we ask "Why is the ocean full of salt?" scientists will say that the salt comes from rocks. When a rock gets very hot or very cool, it cracks   , and rain falls into the cracks. The rain then carries the salt into the earth and the rivers. The rivers carry the salt into the ocean. But then we ask "What happens to the salt in the ocean? The ocean does not get saltier every year. " scientists are not sure about the answer to the question.
We know a lot about our world. But there are still many answers that we do not have, and we are curious .
The question is: The main idea of this passage is that  _
The possible answers are:
A:people feel cool when they are near a lake or an ocean.
B:scientists can explain many things, but not everything.
C:scientists can explain everything about the ocean.
D:the salt in the ocean comes from rocks.East Bus --- maybe the best choice on your visit to the famous places of interest in Beijing.
Sit back, relax and see all there is to see, with no need to worry about driving, finding a parking place or leaving your car with no one to watch it.
We have lots of buses taking you to visit Tian'anmen Square, the Forbidden City, the Summer Palace, the Temple of Heaven Park, the Olympic Center and the Great Wall. The whole tour will take you three days.
Chinese & English speaking guides.
Booking by phone four days in advance .
Tour price: Y=580.00 per person (half price for children under 1.2m tall ), including the ticket price, breakfast and lunch.
For more information, please phone Yong'an Tourism Company at 010-23368688/23368689.
Add: 356 Chaoyang Road, Beijing.
Open 7 days a week. 8:00-16:00.
,.
The question is: _   on an East Bus can speak two languages.
The possible answers are:
A:The guide
B:The driver
C:The visitors
D:The childrenLast summer Jenny and her friends had a bus trip to New York. She felt very relaxing on the way. They visited a museum. But it's really crowded there and the display  were not interesting at all. They went to different restaurants to have dinner. Some food was quite delicious, but Jenny thought the fast food was terrible. When the weather was fine, they went to the beach to swim. The sea was beautiful and they had a good time.
The question is: They   _   when it was fine.
The possible answers are:
A:went to swim
B:went home
C:visited a museum
D:went to their friend's houseTom and Mike are good friends. They are kind to children. They want to find summer jobs. One day Tom tells Mike that Beidaihe Kids Summer Camp needs help with sports, music and computers. They are both very
glad to hear  this. Tom can play basketball and volleyball, and he can
swim, too. Mike can play the violin, the trumpet, the drums and the guitar. Tom and Mike like computers very much. Can they join the Summer Camp?
.
The question is: Mike can play   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:the drums
B:volleyball
C:basketball
D:footballIn Western society, especially in the English-speaking world, the chance for young people to see the other countries and experience life is considered important. Many young people, when they finish school at the age of 18, take a gap year before they go to university.
Parents often want their children to grow up a little and see what the real world is like when they finish school. Although they are worried about their safety, many think that the advantages of independence and experience are worth the worries. Children are encouraged to be brave, independent and to explore the world on their own or with friends.
Young people also want to experience freedom and see what life is like on the other side. This other side could be the other side of the world or just the other side of life. For example, if they have a rich life, they may want to see how people in poor areas live.
A gap year after school is also an important chance for young people to spend time thinking about what they want to do with their lives. A little bit of growing up and experience will help them make their important career decisions, especially when they are unsure about what they want to study.
Another reason for going straight after school is to get a break from studying before they start the next few years of university. So anywhere you travel in the world, you will meet young European people exploring the world.
So much of the world has been travelled and explored. The young people are now looking for more worthy experiences. Some of them work as volunteers to do something for the country they are visiting. Many gap year volunteers are now spending a few months teaching English in Thailand, helping feed giant pandas in China or building a well  in a village in Africa.
These young people's wish to explore the world is an expression of the values of the societies that they are part of. Both discovering the world and making a positive difference in it are important parts of the Western mind.
The question is: Now a gap year volunteer might do something more valuable like  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:experiencing different cultures
B:helping protect rainforests in Brazil
C:making friends with more people
D:enjoying traditional local foodEdison often said, "1 will discover what the world needs, then I will try to invent it."  It is true that he did more than any other man of his time in inventing things. He made more than one thousand inventions in his life and all these have changed our way of living. Edison was one of the greatest inventors in the world. When Edison died in 1931, someone said people should turn off all the lights in their homes, streets and factories for several minutes in honor of this great man. Of course it was impossible to do so. And this shows what Edison's inventions mean to people's life.
The question is: Edison had   _   inventions in all his life.
The possible answers are:
A:thousands of
B:over one thousand
C:only one thousand
D:less than a thousandJack London was a famous American writer. He was born on January 12, 1876, in San Francisco, California. His family was very poor, and Jack had to leave school to make money.He worked hard in many different jobs.
Later, Jack returned to school, but he didn't stay. He wrote," Life and pocketbook  were both too short. "
In 1897, he went to Alaska to find gold. Instead, he found ideas there for his books and stories. He returned home and started to write. His writings were successful, and he became rich and famous in his twenties.
Jack London was not a happy man, however. In poor health, he took his own life  in 1916. He was only 40 years old.
The question is: Which of the following sentences is true?
The possible answers are:
A:Jack died in Alaska.
B:Jack was born in London.
C:Jack found gold in Alaska.
D:Jack was a successful writer, but he didn't live happily.Many years ago, there lived an old man with his three sons, Dharma, Harrison and Keith, in a village. The man worked hard when he was young, son he had the largest farmyard and the most beautiful house in the village. However, his sons were all born to be lazy, which mad him disappointed. He was worried that his sons would use up his money and starve to death.
One day, the old man came up with a plan. He called his sons and said to them, "Look, my dear sons: in the land we have at the farmyard, there is lots of hidden gold. If you should work together, you may find it"
In a wish to find out the gold, his sons worked hard from the morning to the evening digging and digging all through the land. The days had passed, but they didn't find what were they were looking for. They got frustrated and angry. They decided to give up and returned to ask their father.
"There is no gold in the land. We are cheated."
"Since the land has been dup soft. Why don't you pant some crops there?" was the reply of the father to the sons.
Off went the sons. Soon the whole once-useless land was rich crops.
"This if the real gold, my sons." Said the now proud father.
The question is: After they dug the land , his sons found   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:lots of gold
B:nothing
C:seeds of crops
D:the value of workEaster is one of the two important Christian festivals.Easter celebrates resurrections   of Jesus Christ and Christmas celebrates his birth.It's not a festival as big as Christmas.It starts usually in late March or early April and the Easter holiday is Friday, Saturday, Sunday and Monday.It's quite a long holiday for everybody.
The main symbol of Easter is Easter eggs.Children like Easter eggs because they are made of chocolate.Eggs are a symbol of new life.
Easter is also a time for families to get together like Christmas.Many people see Easter as a nice long holiday and they have a good time with their families and friends.
The question is: People begin to celebrate Easter in   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:mid-April or late April
B:mid-March or late March
C:late March or early April
D:early March or mid-MarchIf you go into the forest with your friends, stay with them. If you don't, you may get lost. What should you do if you really get lost? You should sit down and stay where you are. You mustn't try to find your friends. Let them find you. If you want your friends to find you, you need to stay in one place. You can also shout three times. Then stop. Then shout three times again. Keep up shouting. Always three times together. When people hear you, they will know you need help and where you are.
If you don't think that you can get help before night comes, you should make a little house with some small trees or branches  or something else. And make yourself a bed with leaves or grass. When you need some water and you have to leave your little house to look for it, don't just walk away. Leave small branches or something else on the way and then you can find your way back easily.
The question is: When you want to look for some water, you need to  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:cut down some trees
B:make another house
C:use branches to make a bed
D:leave branches on the wayBill Clinton took office   on January 20, 1993 and became the 42nd U.S.president .He is the first U.S.president who was born after World War II .He is also one of the youngest of all U. S. presidents.
Clinton was born in a poor family in 1946.Three months before he was born, his father, William Blats, died.When he was small, his mother remarried  Norger Clinton, so the boy's family name was changed.
In the summer of 1963, Clinton was asked to visit the city of Washington.During his visit, he met President Kennedy in the White House.At that time, he wanted to become a president, and then, he was!
The question is: Which one of the following in NOT right?
The possible answers are:
A:Everybody can visit the president in the White House.
B:All the U.S.presidents work in the White House.
C:Clinton wanted to become a president after he saw President Kennedy.
D:The White House is in the city of Washington.Aunt Polly had told Tom to paint the whole fence  in front of the house. He thought of the other boys out for the day enjoying themselves and he felt very unhappy. Then he had an idea! He picked up the brush and started painting slowly and carefully. Soon, his friend Ben Rogers appeared, eating an apple. Tom pretended   not to see him.
"Tom!" Ben said. "Why are you working?"
"Oh, it's you, Ben,"Tom said, "I didn't notice you."
"I'm gong for a swim," Ben said, "but you don't' want to come. You want to work, don't you? It's much nicer!" Ben laughed loudly. Tom looked seriously at Ben and said. "What is work? What do you call work?"
"Isn't that work?" Ben asked.
"Well, no. Does a boy get the _ to paint a fence every day? You've never painted a fence, have you? Auntie says I have to do it with great care!'
"Pleas, Tom. Let me do a little," said Ben.
"No, Ben. If you do, you'll do it wrong. You can't paint very well. If it was the back fence wouldn't mind, but it isn't."
"I won't do it wrong. I'll be really careful. I'll give you my apple." Tom gave him the brush and paint with a sad face, but in his heart he was glad, His trick had worked.
After Ben got tired and left, other boys came along and Tom said the same things to them. Soon, the whole fence was painted white, but not by Tom. He felt very clever because he had discovered something important about the way people are. People only want what they can't have or want to do what they shouldn't do.
The question is: Why did Tom pretend not to see Ben?
The possible answers are:
A:Because he wanted Ben to believe that the was enjoying the work.
B:Because he would like to try his best to attract Ben's attention.
C:Because he did not want Ben to see the fact that he had to work.
D:Because he was afraid that Ben might laugh at him if the saw him.You know how much your telephone has changed over the past 10 years? Your car will change even more than that in the next 10 years. One of the biggest changes is that cars will drive themselves.
"We certainly have the technology for it now."says Andrew Poliak of automotive technology supplier QNX."We expect self-driving cars to be a mainstream thing between 2020 and 2025."
The American company Google has been working on self-driving cars for years. These cars are already on the roads in the United States and are truly self-driving. They have to steering wheels or pedals . Last week, the police ordered one of Google's cars to stop for driving too slowly on a public road. The car was not breaking any law, so no one was punished.
Another American company, Tesla, added an "Autopilot" feature to its cars last month. With the Autopilot turned on, the vehicle drives itself. The car will speed up, slow down, _ and drive by itself. You can take over driving any time by turning the steering wheel or touching a pedal. The car uses sensors to know when driveway changing is safe and whether it should speed up or slow down.
Tesla Autopilot is made for cross-country driving. It keeps you in the driveway and helps you avoid hitting other cars. It does not work well on local roads, for it will not stop at a red light or stop sign.
Reporter Carolyn Nicander Mohr tried the Autopilot feature of a Tesla earlier this month. She had a hard time trusting the car to do what it should do. She thought about disabling the Autopilot feature many times during her trip. She wanted to take control at every bend in the road and hit the brake when the car in front of her slowed down. Yet the car drove perfectly.
Other companies are working on self-driving cars, too. Marcedes-Benz, Audi, BMW.Volvo and Toyota all have plans for such vehicles.
,A, B, C, D.
The question is: What do Andrew Poliak's words probably mean?
The possible answers are:
A:It is too difficult for people to make self-driving cars now.
B:Self-driving cars will be first put on the market in 2020.
C:There will be more self-driving cars in use in the future.
D:Nobody loves to use self-driving cars at the moment.Chinese writer Mo Yan has won the 2012 Nobel Prize in Literature . He is the first Chinese who lives and works in China to win the prize.
Mo Yan, the pen-name for Guan Moye, was bom in 1955 and grew up in Gaomi in Shandong province in eastern China. His parents were farmers. He left school to work at the age of 12, first on the farm, later in a factory. In 1976 he joined the PLA and during this time he began to study literature and writing. His first short story was published in 1981.
He has written many famous books about his childhood and his hometown. The novel Honggaoliang jiazu is one of them. It tells five stories that took place in Gaomi during the 1930s and 1940s. The book was published in 1987 and translated into English in 1993. It was made into a popular movie in 1987 by the well-known director Zhang Yimou.
Besides his novels, Mo Yan has published many short stories and essays . He is regarded as one of the greatest writers in China. Many of his books have been translated into English, French and many other languages.
The Nobel Prizes were set up by Alfred Nobel, a great Swedish inventor, in 1895. The winner will win a medal, a diploma  and a cash award of 8 million Swedish Kronor (about 7 million yuan).
The question is: Which is NOT true about Mo Yan's books?
The possible answers are:
A:Most of the stories happened in his hometown.
B:They have been translated into foreign languages.
C:They have been made into movies by Zhang Yimou.
D:They are not only novels but also short stories and essays.It's seven thirty in the morning. The students are coming into the classroom. A girl is opening the windows. Some of the students are laughing and talking. Some others are listening to them. Some are
reading books. Some are doing their homework. Miss Zhao is standing behind the teacher's desks. She is writing on the blackboard. Sue and Lily are wearing their new dresses today. Ann is cleaning her desk. Mike is helping her. They all look happy. What are Bill and Jim doing? Oh, dear! They are still playing basketball on the playground.
The question is: The students are   _
The possible answers are:
A:in the school
B:at home
C:in the boat
D:on the playgroundMy nine-year-old daughter, Maria, is in Grade Two. Every evening we get into homework battles  . When she get home, homework is the last thing she likes to do. I think she should do her homework just after school. But she thinks she should have some time to rest and play first. When Maria does her homework, she wants me to help her. I don't want to help, because I think my daughter should do her homework by herself. And most of the time, I have to do other things.
Children these days have much more homework than we did, and some of it is really difficult for them. As you can see, I'm really worried about homework and I really don't know what I should do. Any ideas ? Help me!
The question is: The woman's daughter is   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:four years old
B:six years old
C:eight years old
D:nine years oldLondon is a very large city with about 7 million people. How do so many people move on their way to work or school?
In London you can travel around the city by subway, bus, taxi or private  car. The subway runs under the city. It goes to all parts of the city. Traveling by subway is the fastest way to get around the city.
The second way to travel about the city is by bus. It is a slower way to travel. This is because the road traffic is always heavy.
You can also travel around the city by taxi. This is very expensive, but the taxi will take you to the every place you wish to go to. If traffic is heavy, the taxi will be slow. During the mornings and afternoons, there is the _ 
The last way to get around London is using your own car. It is inconvenient  if you are driving in the "rush hour". If there is an accident on the road, you will have to wait for a long time.
The best time to travel around the city is from 9 am to 4 pm. This is the time after the morning "rush hour" and before the evening "rush hour". Traffic will be less heavy during this time.
The question is: How many ways are there if you travel around London ?
The possible answers are:
A:Four
B:Six
C:Five
D:ThreeMore and more people like bicycling and it is no surprise. It's fun, healthy and good for the environment. Maybe that's why there are 1.4 billion bicycles and only 400 million cars on roads worldwide today. Bikes can take you almost anywhere, and there is no oil cost!
If you get on a bicycle and ride it, you may discover something new all around you. Stopping and getting off a bike is easier than stopping and getting out of your cars. You can bike to work and benefit   from the enjoyable exercise without polluting the environment. You don't even have to ride all the way.
Folding   bikes work well for people who ride the train. Just fold the bike and take it with you. You can do the same on an airplane. A folding bike can be packed in a suitcase. You can also take a common bike with you when you fly. But be sure to look for information by getting on airline websites. Not all airlines are bicycle-friendly to travelers.
Here are some of Health Benefits of Bicycling:
2 Bicycling helps to prevent heart diseases.
2 Bicycling helps to control your weight.
A 15-minute bike ride to and from work three times a week burns off five kilos of fat in a year.
2 Bicycling can improve your mood.
Exercise like bicycling has been shown to make people feel better, more relaxed and self-confident.
2 Bicycling is healthier than driving.
The question is: Which is TRUE according to the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:Driving cars is healthier than riding bikes.
B:Bicycling is enjoyable exercise for people.
C:Common bikes can be taken by all airlines.
D:There are fewer bicycles than cars on roads worldwide today.A crow   is sitting in a big tree. She has a big piece of meat in her mouth, "My babies will have a nice breakfast," she thinks. An old fox is looking for his breakfast. He sees the crow and the meat, " How can I get that piece of meat? " he thinks.
"Good morning, Mrs. Crow," says the fox. " How are you? "
But the crow doesn't say a word.
"You have very nice babies, Mrs. Crow," says the fox. " How are they? May I see them? "
Still the crow doesn't say a word.
"You are very beautiful, Mrs. Crow. And you have a beautiful voice, too," says the fox. " Would you like to sing a song for me? "
Mrs. Crow thinks, "How nice Mr. Fox is! I must sing a song for him. " So she opens her mouth, at that time, Mrs. Crow drops the meat into the fox's mouth.
The question is: There's  _  in the crow's mouth.
The possible answers are:
A:a piece of bread
B:a cup of tea
C:a big piece of meat
D:a small piece of meatJohn is a paper boy. He delivers newspapers to different houses in his street every day. He has about 80 customers . Half of his customers only take the newspapers on weekdays, and about half take the newspapers on weekdays and on Sundays. Two of John's customers only take the newspapers on Sundays.
John has to get up at 4:30 every morning to deliver his newspapers. It takes longer to deliver the newspapers on Sundays. The Sunday newspapers are twice as heavy as those on weekdays.
John is saving his money to buy a new bicycle. He is also saving money for college  . He has already saved 500 dollars.
The question is: How many customers does he have?
The possible answers are:
A:About 40.
B:About 120.
C:About 80.
D:About 20.Sigmund Freud was a world-famous doctor of Vienna . He was also a man full of humour. Once, at his 70th birthday party, a friend asked Freud if he could put his work into several words."Well,"said Freud, "we take the sick out of their trouble and return them to the common suffering."
As a devoted son, Freud often visited his old mother. His mother usually spent her summer in a small mountain town in Austria. The King Josef usually spent his summer there, too. One day in the summer, a band was playing a lively tune when Freud's mother was sitting at the window and watching the people singing and dancing on Main Street. The old woman had a poor memory. She heard the band playing, but forgot it was the King's birthday. Freud was visiting his mother on her 95th birthday. He told his mother, "Mama, the band is playing for your birthday."She believed him and had a wonderful day.
The question is: From what Freud said at his 70th birthday party, we can see that he was   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:a brave man
B:a sick man
C:a devoted man
D:a man full of humourNews 1
Yuan Longping, the father of hybrid rice, won the World Food Prize on Monday. Yuan developed the world's first popular and widely known hybrid rice. Hybrid rice plants can make more rice than regular ones.
News 2
Have you ever got angry at books that are full of mistakes? Don't worry, things will get better soon. Last week, China started checking textbooks, dictionaries and children's books all over the country. The government said the results of the check would come out at the end of June.
News 3
People will see a new "star" in the sky soon. China plants to send a satellite into space by December 2006.It will stay in space for one year. It will go around the moon and take pictures. It must be very expensive, right? That's for sure; 1.4 billion yuan!
News 4
Have you ever thought of being able to fly around the world in a few hours? One day, maybe you can. Last Saturday, the American X-43A airplane made its first flight. It reached a speed of 8,000 kilometers per hour. This makes it the fastest plane in the world.X-43A is only three to four meters long, but it's very heavy. It weighs 1,270 kilograms.
The question is: The checking of textbooks, dictionaries and children's books will   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:make a lot of money
B:make the children sad
C:make sure there are no mistakes in them
D:make sure the books are not too expensiveSarah was ill, she went to see the doctor.   " Doctor, I'm not feeling well," she said. " Every time I do my homework, I feel tired. If I go to school on foot, I have to sit down and rest for ten minutes." The doctor looked at her carefully. At last he said, " Nothing much. But I'm afraid you are eating too much."  "I don't understand, what do you  mean ? "asked Sarah. "I mean you eat too much food," said the doctor.   " Oh! You mean I'm too fat. That's a problem." Said Sarah. "What should I do If I don't want to be heavy !"  " The answer is easy," said the doctor. " If you want to be thin and healthy, you shouldn't eat a lot of food and you also should do much exercise."
The question is: _   is a problem.
The possible answers are:
A:Eating less food
B:Being too fat
C:Working too hard
D:Playing too much sportsDo You Want to Be an Artist?
Do you want to be an artist? Come to our club. We have guitar, violin, piano and drum lessons for just Y=240 each. You can also learn to sing or dance for just Y=180 each. If you like art, you can be satisfied, too. Art lessons are just Y=200 each.
The question is: We can't learn   _   in the club.
The possible answers are:
A:the drums
B:swimming
C:the violin
D:artSchools and parents in Shenzhen City have been asked to take better care of children's eyesight as 45 percent of them were found to be shortsighted. Too much reading, poor lighting and too much TV are blamed . Of the city's high school graduates  who applied to study at colleges this summer, but now he gets up earlier.
The question is: Only  _   of the children in Shenzhen City have good eyesight.
The possible answers are:
A:45 percent
B:less than half
C:55 percent
D:two thirdsMicro blogs like Weibo are nothing new for the young Chinese. A newspaper in Chengdu did a survey last month. It found that 90 percent of junior high school students use micro blogs.
They give students an outlet   for emotion. "I use micro blogs to record my life. I let everyone 'see' my feelings and complaints  ," said Liu Fangyue, 14, from Xiamen No. 1 Middle School. They have fun with classmates even after school. "I would send a message to praise someone who came first in the exam," said Liu.
Teachers also join in the fun. "When I sit down to talk to my students, they may not tell me their real thoughts," said Lu Dongping at Nanning No. 2 Middle School. "But on micro blogs, they are more relaxed. They even make fun of me."
You would be wrong if you think micro blogs are all about fun. Zhong Yun from Xiamen Haicang Experimental School sees it as a tool   to learn English. The 13-year-old girl follows foreign stars such as Avril Lavigne and Justin Bieber.
"In order to understand their English posts, I have to check the dictionary and learn many new words," said Zhong.
"Micro blogs widen students' perspectives  , but there are rules to follow," said Shi Zhongying, a professor from Beijing Normal University. He shares some of them with micro bloggers.
"Manage your time, and don't let micro-blogging affect your studies and health," said Shi. "Don't give out your name, family address or phone number on micro blogs. You should also respect   truth and other people's privacy  ."
The question is: Lu Dongping thinks students are  _  on micro blogs.
The possible answers are:
A:less serious
B:less relaxed
C:more stressed
D:more nervousMy name is Jack.Here are four of my favorite photos.Let me tell you something about them.
In the first photo, I'm running.I like sports and I want to be a running star.
I like spring and winter best.So I have two photos of them.Look at the second photo.I am flying kites with my friends in the park. There are all kinds of kites there.We are very happy.In the third photo,I'm playing snow fight  with my friends.And some friends are making snowmen.We are playing happily.
In the last photo.I'm doing my homework. Who's that girl? Oh.she is my sister and she is helping me with my homework.My sister is good at her subjects.In the evening,we usually do our homework and watch TV.
,.
The question is: Which of the following isn't right?
The possible answers are:
A:Jack is good at his subjects.
B:Jack likes sports.
C:In spring, Jack .and his friends can .fly kites.
D:In the evening, Jack and his sister do their homework and watch TV.One Sunday morning Mr Green and his child , Bill ,are in a big shop . Mr Green wants to
buy a new blouse for Mrs Green . Bill likes oranges , so his father buys two kilos of
oranges for him , too . Bill wants to buy some picture--books and colour pencils , too . There
are many people in the shop . They are men and women , old and young . They all want to buy
something there .
The question is: Bill wants to buy   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:some picture--books
B:some colour pencils
C:clothes in the shop
D:A and BIt was wonderful to travel around Taiwan. I still remember my last trip to Taiwan.
First, I visited National Palace Museum in Taiwan. It was built in 1962. It was completed  in 1965. In this museum, you can find lots of exhibitions. It is said that the museum keeps about 600,000 artworks. The workers of the museum said they changed exhibitions every three months.
Yinke was the second place I visited. The town is like 19th century European houses and has a lot of small streets as in old England.
 _ was a great experience to visit Keelung. The Keelung coasts are very famous for their wonderful scenes. There is also a seafood market. You can buy fresh products there.
I then arrived at Danshui. The most interesting place of Danshui is the Lovers Bridge. The bridge connects one side of the river with the other side. It is about 40 meters long. However, only one person can cross it at a time.
I like Taiwan and I want to visit Taiwan again if I have time.
The question is: What is the best title for the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:Taiwan And Keelung.
B:Lovers Bridge.
C:A Visit To Yinke.
D:Traveling In Taiwan.Alice is an American girl .She is thirteen. She is now in Beijing with her parents .She doesn't know much Chinese. She can't speak Chinese well .Sometimes her friends do not understand her.
It's Sunday morning .She's going to the zoo to see the pandas .She is waiting at the bus station .At the bus station she asks a boy how to go to the zoo .But the boy can't understand    her .Then she takes out   a pen and some paper .She draws a panda on it and shows the picture to the boy .The boy smiles and shows the way to the zoo right now.
The question is: Alice goes to the zoo  _
The possible answers are:
A:on her bike
B:on a bus
C:in a car
D:on a trainLong long ago, an old scientist made a few tests on different animals to find out which was the cleverest of all the animals.
In one test the old scientist put a monkey in a room. In the room there were many boxes. Some boxes were inside other boxes. The smallest box had some food in it. The scientist wanted to watch the monkey and to find out how long it would take the monkey to find the food. The scientist left the room. He waited for a few minutes outside the door. Then he put his eye to the keyhole . What did he see? To his surprise, he found himself looking into the eye of the monkey. The monkey was on the other side of the door and looked at the scientist through the keyhole.
The question is: The scientist wanted to know   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:if the monkey came into the small box
B:if the monkey would sleep
C:which animal was cleverer than other animals
D:if some boxes were inside other boxesBeijing, Shanghai, Guangzhou and other big cities are exciting places to live. There are many interesting things to see and to do. You can go to different kinds of museums, plays and movies. You can also go to supermarkets to buy things from all over the world. But there are serious problems in big cities, too. The cost of living is high, and there are too many people in some big cities. Every year many people move to the cities because there are more chances to find jobs, to study at good schools, and to receive good medical care. But sometimes these people cannot find work or a good place to live. Also, too many people in a small space make it hard to keep the cities safe and clean.
Some people enjoy living in big cities. Others do not. Before people move to big cities, they should think about the problems of living there.
The question is: According to the passage, big cities  _
The possible answers are:
A:are not exciting places to live
B:have not many serious problems
C:are terrible
D:are not always clean and safe enoughOn sunny days we can see the sun in the sky. It looks like a hot and bright plate. But it is a ball. It is much bigger and hotter than any fire. And it is much brighter than all the lights in the world.
The sun is a star but it looks much bigger and brighter than any other star. Many stars are much bigger than the sun. The sun is much nearer to us, so it looks much bigger.
At night we can see the moon and many stars. The moon is a round ball. It is much smaller than the stars. The stars are much farther away from us; so thy look much smaller than the moon. The moon has no light of its own. When the sun shines on it, it looks bright. When the moon is full. It looks very beautiful.
The question is: Why does the sun look bigger than any other star?
The possible answers are:
A:Because it is bigger than any other star.
B:Because it is hotter than any other star.
C:Because it is brighter than any other star.
D:Because it is nearer to us.He was a single father, raising a 5-year-old boy alone. He worried about his son growing up without a mother to care for him.
One day he went away on business, leaving the child alone. He was worried about the child all the way, not knowing if he had eaten. But his child always told him not to worry. He went home quickly after finishing his work.
When he got home, the child was deep asleep. He was tired out. When he was about to sleep himself, he was surprised to find an overturned bowl of noodles under the quilt. He spanked his sleeping son angrily:"Why are you so naughty, making the quilt dirty? Who will wash it?" It was the first time that he had hit his boy after his wife's death.
"I haven't," the boy explained with tears in his eyes. "This is your supper, Daddy." In order to let his father eat dinner as soon as he got home, the boy cooked two bowls of noodles: one for himself, the other one for his father. He was afraid his father's noodles would get cold, so he placed them under the quilt to keep them hot.
Hearing this, the father hugged his boy tightly without saying a word.
The question is: According to the passage we know the boy only had   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:a grandfather
B:a mother
C:a father
D:a grandmotherWe have three meals a day.
In the morning,we have breakfast. It is at about 6 or 7 o'clock. Breakfast should be good. We can have milk,egg,and other things. Some students often have no breakfast. It is very bad for their heath.
In china,lunch is the main meal of the day. It is at about 12 o'clock. It is a big meal. There are often three or four dishes. We should be full after lunch.
We usually have supper at about 6 or 7 o'clock in the evening. We should have a small supper.
But in England,people call the main meal dinner. It often means supper.
The question is: What kind of supper should we have?
The possible answers are:
A:Big
B:Small
C:No.
D:Full.Almost everyone has dropped some food on the floor and still wanted to eat it.If someone saw you drop it, he or she might have shouted, " 5-second rule!" This so-called rule says food is OK to eat if you pick it up in five seconds or less.But is that true?
Professor Anthony Hilton from Ashton University, UK, tested the rule with his students.They found that food dropped for five seconds is less likely to contain bacteria  than if it sits there for longer.
For the study, Hilton and his students tested a lot of foods----bread, pasta, cookies and candy--to see how much bacteria they had when they made contact with the floor.They allowed the food to lie on the different types of flooring--carpet , laminate   and tile  -- for three seconds to 30 seconds.
Not surprisingly, the longer the food was on the floor, the more bacteria it had.And the type of floor where the dropped food landed had an effect.Bacteria are least likely to transfer  from carpet, while they are most likely to transfer laminate or tiled surface after more than five seconds.
The study also found that the wetter the food, the more likely it was to pick up bacteria.Although most people are happy to follow the 5-second rule, eating food dropped on the floor still carries an infection  risk."It very much depends on which bacteria are on the floor at the time." Hilton told Forbes.
The question is: According to the test, we learn the following EXCEPT   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:the dropped food had more bacteria if it sat on the floor for longer.
B:the dropped food on the carpet had the least bacteria.
C:bacteria was impossible to transfer from laminate or tiled surfaces.
D:the wetter food was likely to pick up bacteria.Do you play a musical instrument? If so, you may be getting smarter. A recent study shows that taking music lessons can raise a person's IQ.
Scientists studied 132 children in Canadian schools. At the beginning of the school year, these children took an IQ test. Then they were divided into four groups. One group took singing lessons. Another group took weekly piano lessons. The third group took classes in drams . And the last group did no special activities at all.
At the end of the school year, the 132 children took an IQ test again. In all four groups, the average score went up. However, the piano players'IQs went up 7.0 points on average. The average increase for the other three groups was only 4.3 points.
The researchers say that the difference is small and it may not result in better grades for the piano players. However, _ still consider the results important. Learning an instrument helps kids becomes better at concentrating and at memorizing things. Therefore, the researchers say, it may be good for brain development in young people.
If you have a chance to learn to play a musical instrument, never miss it. Remember it can make you smarter.
The question is: Which of the following is NOT true of the study?
The possible answers are:
A:It was done in Canada.
B:It was done by some musicians.
C:It included four groups of children.
D:It took one school year to complete.People live all over world. They live on land that is low. They live on land that is high. Some live near the oceans. Others live far from the oceans.
Earth has many different kinds of lands. In some places, the land is flat . Flat lands are called plains .
Some parts of Earth have hills. Hills are higher than the land around them. But hills are lower than mountains. Did you ever try to ride your bicycle up a hill? Some parts of Earth touch oceans. These parts are called _ . Some lands have water all around them. These lands are called islands.
Earth has many different bodies of water, too. You know about the oceans. There are very large bodies of water. The water in the oceans is salty. There are also smaller bodies of water called lakes. Lakes have land all around them. Rivers carry water from the land. They are long bodies of running water. The water in rivers is not salty. Most lakes do not have salty water, either.
The question is: According To  the passage, which sentence is TRUE?
The possible answers are:
A:The water in rivers and lakes is salty.
B:The water in oceans and all lakes is salty.
C:The water in oceans and some lakes is salty.
D:The water in oceans and of lakes is salty.Jenny is an English girl. She is a nice girl. and she is my good friend, My name is Amy. My father is John. My mother is Helen. Jack is my brother. I love them. I like singing. Jack likes reading. My favorite color is blue.
The question is: Jenny is   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:a English boy
B:a English girl
C:an English boy
D:an English girlDown by the salley gardens
Down by the salley gardens
my love and I did meet;
She passed the salley gardens
with little snow-white feet.
She bid me take love easy,
as the leaves grow on the tree;
But I, being young and foolish,
with her would not agree.
In a field by the river
my love and I did stand,
And on my leaning shoulder
she laid her snow-white  _ .
She bid me take life easy,
as the grass grows on the weirs;
But I was young and foolish,
and now am full of tears.
The question is: This is a short   _   written by Yeats, a famous writer from Ireland.
The possible answers are:
A:story
B:poem
C:slogan
D:letterUncle Li and Uncle Wang are good friends. They live next to each other and their farms are both at the foot of the mountain. So they can help each other. But neither of them likes to use his head. They work hard but they are both poor. Most villagers have built new houses, but they still live in the low and broken houses. They never find out why.
Once Uncle Li went to town to buy some medicine for his wife. In the town he heard the apples in a city were expensive. He told Uncle Wang about it as soon as he went back. They decided to carry some apples to the city. They borrowed some money from their friends and bought nearly 1,000 kilograms of apples in the villages and carried them to the city on a tractor . Bad luck! A lot of apples were in the city when they arrived. A few days later they had to sell them at a low price. They felt unhappy and returned to their village.
"I can't understand why we sustained   losses  in business while others always profit  " Uncle Li asked one day.
"The tractor was too small" Uncle Wang said without thinking. "We'll carry more apples on a truck next time!"
"I agree!" said Uncle Li. "How foolish we were!"
The question is: Which of the following is true?
The possible answers are:
A:The two farmers found out why they were poor.
B:The two farmers will soon get rich.
C:Neither of the farmers is clever.
D:The two farmers decided to buy a truck.Long long ago, there was a little girl living in a small poor house on a hill. When she played in her little garden, she could see a beautiful house high on the other hill. This house had golden windows. They were so nice that the little girl dreamed all day, "How _ it would be to grow up and live in a house with golden windows!"
When she was old enough to go outside her garden, she asked her mother if she could go for a walk outside the gate. Her mother agreed, telling her to keep close to the house and not to go too far. The day was beautiful and the little girl walked until   she got to the gate of the house with golden windows.
As she looked at the house with golden windows, she was so disappointed  . All the windows were common and very dirty.
So sad that she didn't go any further and turned, heart broken. As she went back, she was surprised to see a little house with golden windows as the sun shone   on her own house.
She realized   that she had been living in the "house with golden windows" all the time. Everything she dreamed was right there under her nose!
The question is: How was the girl feeling when she reached the gate of the house on the other hill?
The possible answers are:
A:Disappointed
B:Interested
C:Excited
D:AngryTom lived by himself a long way from town. He hardly went to town, but one day he went into town to buy a few things. After he bought them, he went into a restaurant and sat down at a table. When he looked around, he saw some old people put glasses on before reading their newspapers. So after lunch he decided to go to a shop to buy himself one pair, too. He walked along the road, and soon found a shop.
The man in the shop let him try on a lot of glasses, but Tom always said, "No, I can't read with these."
The man became puzzled   , and he said, "Excuse me, but can you read?"
"No, of course I can't!" Tom said angrily. "If I could read before, do you think I would come here to buy your glasses?"
The question is: Tom lived   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:with his family
B:near town
C:in the country
D:in townIt's normal for parents to disagree and argue from time to time. Sometimes parents stay calm when they disagree, and they give each other some time to listen and talk. But many times when parents disagree, they argue.
It's OK for parents to argue sometimes.
It's common for people to have different opinions, feelings, or ways to do things. Talking about these differences is the first step to solve the problem. It's important for people in a family to be able to tell each other how they feel and what they think, although sometimes they may disagree with each other. Sometimes parents can feel so terrible about their differences that it may cause arguments.
Try to create a happy and healthy family.
If your family argue from time to time, try not to worry about it. No family is perfect. Even in the happiest home, problems will happen and people will argue. Usually the family members should know what the problems are and talk about them. Then everyone feels better and life can get back to normal.
Being part of a family means everyone should try to make life better for each other. Arguments may happen but with love, understanding, and some work, families can solve almost any problem.
The question is: What should you do when your parents argue?
The possible answers are:
A:Do not mind it at all.
B:Worry about it too much.
C:Run away as quickly as possible.
D:Learn about the reason of the argument.Friendship Restaurant
We have different kinds of Japanese food here. The food menu is in Japanese and Chinese. All the waiters and waitresses can speak at least one foreign language.
Tel: 312-9997
Time: 11:30 a.m.-10:00 p.m.
Volunteer Project
Maybe you want to help others but don't know how to do it. Then Volunteer Project will help you. Here you will get the best idea of volunteering.
Call 822-5566 to join it.
E-mail address:lisa@hotmail.com
Dream corner
Do you want to improve your English? Do you want to practice your English with native speakers? If yes, why not join the Dream Corner? Come here on Friday afternoon every week.
Red Bird club
Do you like dance? Do you want to show off your cool dance at parties? Join us and make your dream come true.
Closed on Tuesday.
Call 822-3331 for more information.
The Underwater World
Here you will find different kinds of fishes and even some kinds of sharks. You will feel you are in the sea but of course this is not true. If you like fishes, I suggest that you pay a visit to it.
Tel: 846-3809
Time: 9:30 a.m. - 5:00 p.m.
,.
The question is: You can eat  _  food in the Friendship Restaurant.
The possible answers are:
A:English
B:Japanese
C:French
D:ChineseIt's Really a Miracle  
Mr. Clarke works in New York and he brought his family to China last summer. They visited many places of interest and had a good time here. Before they left for New York, the Clarkes climbed the Great Wall. It was the greatest project over two thousand years ago. They took a lot of photos there and then they had a picnic under a big tree. Suddenly it began to rain and they hurried to the car. And when they returned to the hotel, they couldn't find the bag in which their expensive camera was. They were all sorry for it. They could buy another camera but had no time to go to the Great Wall again. They could not miss the plane!
That evening they didn't have supper. Mr. Clarke hoped to make them happy, so he said, "Well, let me tell you a story. An old man lived in a sixty-storey building. One day he fell down from it when he was cleaning the window. But he didn't hurt himself."
"It was a miracle!" called out his children, "Why?"
"Because he lived on the first floor!"
They all began to laugh while two policemen with a bag came in. They said a Chinese boy found it under a big tree and he asked them to find out who lost it.
"It's really a miracle!" the Clarkes said happily.
The question is: Why didn't they have anything that evening?
The possible answers are:
A:Because they were sorry for losing the camera.
B:Because they were not hungry.
C:Because they had no time to have supper.
D:Because they had nothing to eat.For Chinese, it's a time for dragon boat racing and Zongzi  . But across the Yellow Sea, South Korea, wrestling   and swing play are the _ .However, both events go by the same name-the Dragon Boat Festival-which falls on May 5 of the lunar calendar.
One festival, two cultures: does one nation have the right to call its own? It has been reported that South Korea will apply to the UNESCO   to make the celebration its cultural heritage  .If successful, people from other countries may see the Dragon Festival as a Korean creation.
As the birthplace of the yearly event more than 2,000 years ago, China is not happy with the situation."It would be a shame if another country successfully made a traditional Chinese festival part of its own cultural heritage ahead of China," said Zhou Heping, deputy culture minister.The Ministry of Culture is even thinking of making its own application to UNESCO, covering all traditional Chinese festivals, including the Dragon Boat event.
Over the years, the Dragon Boat Festival has spread throughout the world.In Japan and Viet Nam, as well as South Korea, the festival has mixed with and become part of local culture.
With this in mind, some experts say that it is meaningless to argue about which country the festival belongs to."No one can deny that it came from China," said Long Haiqing, an expert from Hunan Province."But if all the countries involved can protect culture heritage together, they will all benefit."
The question is: If South Korea's application to UNESCO is successful,   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:China will also make its own application to UNESCO
B:it will be meaningless to celebrate the Dragon Boat Festival
C:people from other parts of the world will think South Korea created the festival
D:the Dragon Boat Festival will become part of local cultureHi! I'm Jack. I'm in a new school this term. Now let me tell you about my school now. My new school is big and nice. There are one thousand and four hundred students and one hundred and forty teachers in my school. I like the teachers. They are very kind to me. My classmates are very friendly , too. They teach me Chinese and I teach them English.
There are trees, flowers and green grass in my school. They are very beautiful. Behind my school there is a small river. The water in it is quite clean. We can swim in it.
We have no classes on Saturdays or Sundays. Sometimes I go to play football or basketball with my classmates. Sometimes I stay at home and watch TV. Sometimes I go to shops with my father and mother. We all like China.
The question is: Which is right?
The possible answers are:
A:Jack goes to school every day.
B:Jack has no classes only on Sundays.
C:Jack has no classes only on Saturdays.
D:Jack has classes from Monday to Friday.People often like collecting things. Collecting stamps, books, pictures and pens are some common hobbies. I know many kinds of collections. but do you know the collection of clocks? My friend Mr. Clock, a short man, has the hobby. He has one thousand five hundred clocks.
There are clocks here and there in his house. You can see lots of clocks on shelves. As there is not enough room for so many clocks, the man has to put clocks into some boxes under the beds in his house.
Mr. Clock likes his large collection of clocks, but his wife,Mrs. Clock does not enjoy them at all. She complains every day because she has to do much work,for it is not easy to clean hundreds of clocks. She also complains about the noise. Each clock keeps a different time. So she can hear the chimes almost any time day and night. There is something even worse. With so many clocks around, she is never able to know the correct time!
The question is: Mr. Clock likes collecting   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:stamps
B:pictures
C:watches
D:clocksThere has never been a better time than now to buy a new piece of technology,  such as a computer. Technology usually starts out at a high price, but as time goes by it goes down in price. Now I've found that many new products are at good prices from the st art.There is no question about it This is a buyers' market for sure.!
Also, as shopping on the Internet gets saf er , more people are trying to buy things in that way.The Net is where buyers can save money if they know of a few money-saving sites. The first things that a person should do is to compare the prices online stores.Sites such as pricesgrabber.com, techbargains.com, nextag.com and street prices.com will help you decide which store has the lowest price.The differences can be $500-$1000.
Remember that many stores also have large discounts   on many things at certain times of the year. But I'd rather sit in front of my computer in my comfortable chair of going shopping in crowded places
The question is: What should come first if you want to shop online ?  _
The possible answers are:
A:Cheap stores
B:Good prices
C:Safe Internet.
D:Good technologyAlice was twenty-three years old, and she was a nurse at a big hospital . She was very kind and all of her patients   likes her very much .
One day she was out shopping. She saw an old woman. The woman was waiting to cross   a busy street . Alice wanted to cross the street, too. So she went over to help the woman cross the street. When Alice was near her, she suddenly laughed  and said, " Mrs Green ! You were my patient in the hospital last year."
Mrs Green was very happy to see her.
"I will help you cross the street, Mrs Green," Alice said.
"Oh, thank you very much , Alice , " Mrs Green said and stepped   forward  . "No, no, Mrs Green," Alice said quickly . "Wait! The light is still red."
"Oh," Mrs Green answered when she stepped back. "I can easily cross the street by myself   when the light is green ."
The question is: Did her patients like her?
The possible answers are:
A:No, they didn't
B:Yes, they liked her a little.
C:Yes, they liked her very much.
D:Sorry, I don't know.Tuesday, Jan. 6, 9:50 p.m.
We were sitting in our warm living room. The TV was on, and everything was peaceful. Suddenly the light went on and off for a few times and then went out completely. Then the rain started, and everything went black. We found the flashlight and some candles and went to bed.
Wednesday, Jan. 7, 7:30 a.m.
My first thought after waking up was that it was pretty cold in my bedroom. Clearly, the power   didn't come back. After I looked out of the window, I felt even sadder: it was still raining heavily. The room was becoming colder and colder. We had no idea when the power would come back, so my wife started a fire in the fireplace.
Thursday, Jan. 8, 12:30 p.m.
The snow started. The poor trees now had to carry the heavy snow. The storm seemed to last   and we had nothing to do but stay at home.
Friday, Jan. 9, 6:00 p.m.
Still no power. Even though we lit   a few candles, it was still difficult to do anything in their weak light. I was sitting near several candles, but I had trouble reading.
Saturday, Jan. 10, 1:00 p.m.
The storm stopped this morning, and I drove my car to look for an open store. The trees along the roads were broken. I only bought the most necessary things: bread, some fruit, more drinking water and batteries   for the flashlight. On my way home, the power came back and people were very happy.
The question is: How long did the storm last?
The possible answers are:
A:Two days.
B:Three days.
C:Less than two days.
D:More than three days.Welcome to London! Now let me tell you something about this wonderful city. London, the capital of the United Kingdom, is the biggest city in Western Europe with over 7 million people. It sits by the River Thames. London has a history of more than 2,000 years. Because of its long history and different cultures, London is a very famous city in the world. People all over the world are familiar with the city's red double-decker buses and black taxis.
People
The British Empire   used to rule around the world, so many people from around the world moved to London. They have brought with them their own languages and cultures. More than 300 different languages are spoken in London.
Culture
London is known for its many museums. One important museum is the British Museum. It is the oldest public museum in the world. There are two main art museums in London: the National Gallery   and the Tate Gallery  . Besides, London is also home to arts, such as theatre and music. The Globe Theatre, which was popular in the late 16th and early 17th centuries, was opened for performances of William Shakespeare's plays.
Tourist attractions
London has many wonderful places to visit. For example, the well-known Clock Tower, a 320-foot high tower, was called the Big Ben. Another famous London building is Buckingham Palace. The members of royal family of England live there. Besides, Hyde Park is the largest open area in central London.
The question is: The members of royal family of England live in   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:the Big Ben
B:Buckingham Palace
C:Hyde Park
D:British MuseumTo write a great news story, you have to make sure it is correct, relevant   and fresh.
For a start, all the information in a story must be correct. Not only the spelling and grammar, but also the facts.
Any mistakes that show up in a story can get a newspaper into big trouble.
For example, if a newspaper said that Yang Liwei was the first man to go into space, it would be wrong. He wasn't the first. The newspaper would probably lose lots of readers because of that mistake.
A news story does not only have to be correct, but it must also be relevant to its readers. People are mostly interested in news that happens near to them. That's why you care more about what happens at your school than at schools in America. It's also why newspapers in Beijing don't talk much about news in Shanghai or Hong Kong.
Make sure it's fresh.
Finally, news must always be fresh. When you pick up your evening newspaper, you want to read about news that happened that day. You don't want to read about news from last week!
So, now you know what makes a good news story. Have a look at our paper and see if it's full of good news! You can try writing a news story for our paper like a real reporter.
The question is: What will happen if there is a mistake in a newspaper?
The possible answers are:
A:The reporter will probably have a lot of trouble.
B:The newspaper would attract more readers.
C:Many readers won't buy the newspaper any more.
D:The reporter won't be able to write for the newspaper again.My name is Sabrina. I'm 23 years old. I come from London. Now I live   in Beijing. I love teaching English. I think it's interesting. I can speak Chinese, too. I have experience   in teaching English in China. My e-mail address is sabrina@sina.com.
I'm Bill, an 18-year-old student. I live in Nanjing now. I can play the guitar well. I like to be a teacher. I have free time on weekends. Do you want to learn the guitar? Please call me at 15069606503.
I'm June Smith. I'm 25. I can swim well. I want to be a swimming teacher. I love kids and I'm good with kids. I can help them learn to swim. If you need a teacher in your club, please e-mail me at june@sina.com.
.
The question is: Sabrina wants to be   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:a Chinese teacher
B:an English teacher
C:a guitar teacher
D:a swimming teacherRecently, I happened to hear a mother and daughter in their last moments together at the airport as the daughter prepared to leave.
They hugged and the mother said "I love you and I wish you enough." They kissed and the daughter left.
The mother walked over to the window where I sat. Standing there, I could see she was going to cry. I tried not to disturb her but she welcomed me by asking "Have you ever said goodbye to someone knowing it would be forever?"
"Yes," I replied. "But may I know why this is the final goodbye?"
"I am ill and she lives so far away. It's highly possible that the next trip back will be for my funeral " she said.
"When you were saying goodbye, I heard you say 'I wish you enough'. May I ask what that means?"
"That's a wish that has been handed down from past generations. My parents used to say it to everyone." She paused for a moment and looked up as if trying to remember it in detail and she smiled even more.
"When we say 'I wish you enough', we want the other person to have a life filled with just enough good things to be with them". Then turning to me, she shared the following:
"I wish you enough sun to keep your attitude bright.
"I wish you enough rain to appreciate the sun more."
The question is: What is the article mainly about?
The possible answers are:
A:How to see somebody off at the airport.
B:How to start a talk with a person you don't know.
C:How the mother showed love for her daughter.
D:How the writer got to know "I wish you enough".You may know the song Happy Birthday very well.But do you know about its writer?It was written by an American girl.And she became very rich after that.
When she was a child,she was poor.Once,she was invited to her friend's birthday party.She was pleased but sad because she didn't have enough money to buy a gift for her.
"The party is coming soon,but now I have little money."Tears ran down her face.
Later that night she was in bed,thinking about the gift when the door opened and her grandma came in."What happened?"her grandma asked.Hearing the girl'story,she said,"I think I can help you.How about singing a song together?Happy Birthday to...."What a beautiful song!They sang and sang.Suddenly she woke up.It was a dream!She decided to write it down at once and sing it to her friends at the party.
When she sang the song at the party the nest day,her friends were very happy."How wonderful you sing!We haven't heared such a beautiful song before.Thank you for giving me the special gift."said her friend.And they learn to sing it together.Later the girl became well-known in America.
The question is: The girl was sad because  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:she didn't want to go to the party
B:she would be busy that day
C:she didn't have enough money to buy a gift
D:she wasn't invited to the partyRecently a Beijing father sent in a question at an Internet forum  asking what "PK" meant.
"My family has been watching the 'I Am the Singer' singing competition TV programme. My little daughter asked me what 'PK' meant, but I had no idea," explained the puzzled father.
To a lot of Chinese young people who have been playing games online, it is impossible not to know this term. In such Internet games, "PK" is short for "Player Kill", in which two players fight until one ends the life of the other.
In the case of the "I Am the Singer" singing competition, "PK" was used to refer to the stage where two singers have to compete with each other for only one chance to go up in competition raking.
Like this father, Chinese teachers at Middle schools have also been finding their students using _ which are difficult to understand. A teacher from Tianjin asked her students to write the compositions with simple language, but they came up with a lot of Internet jargons that she didn't understand.
"My 'GG' came back this summer from college. He told me I've grown up to be a 'PLMM'. I loved to 'FB' with him together; he always took me to the 'KPM'," went one composition.
"GG" means Ge Ge (Chinese pinyin for brother). "PLMM" is Piao Liang Mei Mei (beautiful girl)."FB" means Fu Bai (corruption)."KPM" is short for KFC, Pizza Hut and McDonald's.
Some specialists welcome Internet jargons as a new development in language. If you do not even know what a Kong Long (dinosaur, meaning an ugly looking femal) or a Qing Wa (frog, meaning an ugly looking male ) is, you will possibly be regarded as a CaiNiao!
The question is: What does the writer think about the word "PK"?
The possible answers are:
A:Fathers can't possibly know it.
B:The daughter should understand it.
C:Online game players may know it.
D:"I Am the Singer" shouldn't have used it.Mr. and Mrs. Black want to go to Beijing. But their dog Bobby can't go there with them. So they leave him in a dog shop.
It is Sunday. Mr. and Mrs. Black get back home from Beijing very late at night. So they don't get Bobby back. On Monday morning, Mr. Black brings the dog back in his car. When he gets home, he says to his wife, "Bobby barks all the time. I think he wants to tell me something. He doesn't like the shop?"
Mrs. Black looks at the dog carefully   and then says, "You're quite right. He wants to tell you something. He wants to tell you that you bring the wrong   dog home."
.
The question is: Mr. Black thinks the dog doesn't like the shop because   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:his son tells him that
B:the dog barks all the time
C:his wife tells him that
D:the dog is quiet all the timeWhen you think of your hair, you probably think of the hair on your head. But there's hair on almost every part of your body. (some places that don't have hair include the lips, the palms of the hands ,and the soles of the feet.)
Some of the hair on your body is easy to see, like your eyebrows and the hair on your head, arms, and legs. But other hair ,like that on your cheek, is almost invisible.
Depending on where it is, hair has different jobs. The hair on your head keeps your head warm and provided a little cushioning for your skull. _ protect your eyes by decreasing the amount of light and dust that go into them, and eyebrows protect your eyes from sweat dripping down from your forehead.
The question is: Does hair easy to see?
The possible answers are:
A:Yes, they are invisible
B:Yes, almost they are
C:No, only some of the hair on the body is
D:No, they are invisibleA famous study was done in a school by a professor   from a university. At the start of the school year, the teachers were given the names of five children. They were told that these five were the most excellent students in the class. But the fact was that these students were only average ,and they were not the best students at all. Well, guess what? At the end of the year, all the five average students scored among the highest in the class.
What made these average students change so much to become top students?The only difference was the change in their teachers' attitude . Because the teachers believed that these five kids were the top students,they expected  more from them. And so these five average students began to believe and expect more from themselves. So they worked harder to do as well as they could.
Do you know why? If you expect the best from people, they'll usually want to give you their best. A great leader said, "Treat  a person just how he appears to be on the outside, and you'll make him even worse. But treat a person like he's already a success,and you'll help make him the best he can be."
Like the true story of 7-year-old Johnny, his teacher got so angry with him that one day she said,"Johnny,you're the naughtiest  boy in this class. I'm sure you'll never change." The next year Johnny had a new teacher. And on the first day of class,she met with Johnny after school and said,"Johnny, I've heard a lot about you! But do you know that I don't believe a word of it." And every day after that, this new teacher treated Johnny as if he was one of the smartest students even when Johnny did naughty things. Later on, Johnny became a school leader. Because that's the power of our belief  and attitude  toward children.
The question is: The professor started his research by   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:teaching the five children himself
B:asking the five children to find a new teacher
C:telling the five students to work harder than ever before
D:telling the teacher the five students were the best in the classFood wasting is often seen in China. It's reported that food waste has produced 70% of the country's increasing rubbish. Especially in restaurants, plenty of food is wasted every day. Huge food waste is usually seen in wedding banquets  , birthday banquets and business meals. However, when many people waste food, there is still a large number of people who do not have enough food to eat.
Luckily, when dining out is part of everyday life, more and more people have realized packing up the leftovers  when dinning might be the right thing to do.
Now here is some advice about how.
When packing leftovers, take staple foods  such as steamed bread. However, leftovers of cold dishes should not be packed up, because the cold dishes can not be heated after being brought home and may go bad and cause illness. Also, leftovers should be kept in the right way after being brought home. Food should be kept at temperatures below 10 degC or higher than 70 degC.But if the packed food is put under room temperatures, they should be eaten within four hours.
Packing leftovers in the right way is important, but it's more important to know how to order the right number of dishes. Don't be afraid of losing face by ordering less. After all, food doesn't come easily.
The question is: Food waste is usually seen in   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:wedding banquets
B:birthday banquets
C:business meals
D:All aboveDear Mum:
Today I'm going to tell you something really special. I know you work very hard and feel tired every day.
Every time you come home and see the messy  house. I know you are very angry with me. But you always say nothing and clean up the house .I always want to help you, but I have so much homework to do. After I finish my homework, I feel like dying. I really want to help you, but I'm so tired too.
I also want to tell you one thing, I love you so much. I usually talk back to you when you say that I don't study hard enough. But in fact I just want you to praise  me more. I will try my best to get good grades and get praise from my teacher. So don't feel frustrated  about my grades, OK? I have made up my mind that I will study harder and help you to clean the house. I am serious this time. I will have my homework done faster so that I can have more energy to clean the house. I will watch TV less so that I can have more time to study and get good grades. All these things are for one reason: I want to make you happy Mum.
I love you!
With lots of love Sally
The question is: Which of the following is WRONG?
The possible answers are:
A:Sally feels very tired after she finishes her homework.
B:Sally love her mother deeply.
C:Sally's teacher feels frustrated about her.
D:Shally wants to make mother happy.Making sense of how the US shows humor
Living in a new country gives me many surprises. The first surprise was the way that the US people speak
One day I saw someone was having a public speech in a square. I thought it would be a serious speech. But I soon found it became a kind of entertainment show.
The speaker told the audience to protect the environment with humorous words. Later he said some people's behavior didn't go with their words. He took the example of Taylor Swift's song We Are Never Ever Getting Back Together.[
He said that since Swift doesn't want to be with the boy any more, she doesn't need to speak it aloud, she doesn't need to sing unless she still keeps in touch with that guy. It sounds like she is a _ .
Then he sang the song in a funny way. The audience laughed out loudly. I felt a little angry because Swift is my favourite star. I couldn't understand why they laughed at Swift.
As time goes on, I find many US people make fun of others. But they don't mean to hurt them. They do that to show closeness and humour. And people who are laughed at seldom get angry. Now I understand the speaker at the square. Now I've got used to the way the US people speak.
It's easy to find culture shock when you're in a new place. But everyone should learn to understand different cultures and customs.
The question is: Which is Not suitable for the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:The writer went to America and protect the environment.
B:Americans show humour in a different way from China.
C:It's easy to find culture shock when you are in a new place.
D:Tailor Swift is an American famous singer.Students learn many subjects at school, like Chinese, English, math and physics. Some students think it's hard to do well in math. They say it's boring. Why do they say this? First, some math problems are so hard for them. They spend a lot of time on them, but they can't work them out, so they lost heart . Second, they are afraid( ) to ask their teachers for help. They think the teachers will laugh at them. Third, they think math class is very tiring because they need to use their brain to find out the answers all the time.
How can you do well in math? Here is some advice from a math teacher:
1. Listen to the teacher carefully in class and do some extra  exercises after class.
2. Ask the teacher for help if you don't understand anything. Don't be afraid.
3. Don't forget to go over   your old lessons.
If you do these things, you will find it much easier to do better in math.
The question is: Doing   _   math problem can make students lose heart.
The possible answers are:
A:easy
B:difficult
C:many
D:fewThis summer, Liu Hongcan, a 30-year-old Chongqing woman, had to say goodbye to her daughter again. She sent her little girl to Guizhou province to stay with her daughter's grandparents for the summer vacation  _  in Chongqing.
A list of "hottest cities" in China came out last month. Chongqing is No.1 on the list. Fuzhou and Hangzhou take the second and third place.
The list is based on a "heat index" .It uses temperature and humidity date 1981 to 2011.The scientists tried to learn how hot the weather was over a period of time, and find out how people feel.
High humidity will stop heat leaving the body. It makes people feel worse on high-temperature. Dryness, on the other hand, can allow heat to leave the body.
In July this year, Chongqing saw 25 days of high temperature (over 35degC). Forty-eight people in the city had heatstroke from the start of April to the middle of August, the local health bureau  said.
Chongqing people have to look for different ways to cool down. Throwing themselves into water is a good choice. Lin Jing, a worker at the Caribbean Water Park has received more guests this summer than before. About 15,000 people have visited the park a day during this year's hot season.
The question is: Where is the passage probably from?
The possible answers are:
A:Movies.
B:Story book.
C:Newspaper.
D:Science book.Hi, Peter. Thank you for your telephone call. I'm happy to tell you that we have a double room for you now. It's on the fifth floor. It faces the West Lake, so you can see it well. The price for each room is $150 per night. Every morning from 7:00 to 9:30, there is a free breakfast, but you have to pay if you have lunch and supper in the hotel. Remember to bring your ID card with you. If you have any more questions, please let us know and we will be pleased to help you. We _ you to come to the hotel on August 16. We hope you will enjoy your stay with us. Thanks again for choosing our hotel.
The question is: What room does Peter want?
The possible answers are:
A:A single room.
B:A double room.
C:A clean room.
D:A tidy room.A peacock   and a tortoise   were good friends. One day, a bird catcher caught the peacock and was going to sell him on the market. The peacock asked the bird catcher to allow him to say goodbye to his friend the tortoise. The bird catcher agreed.
The tortoise asked the bird catcher to let the peacock go, but he refused. The tortoise then said, "If I give you a nice gift, will you let my friend go?" "Certainly," answered the bird catcher.
So the tortoise jumped into the river and after some time, he came up with a big pearl  . The bird catcher was so surprised. He was so happy that he let the peacock go.
A few days later, the bird catcher came back to the tortoise. He thought he didn't get enough for letting the peacock go. He told the tortoise that he would catch the peacock again unless he got another big pearl.
The tortoise knew his friend the peacock went to a safe place. "Well," said the tortoise, "please return the pearl that I gave you and I will come back with two."
The bird catcher thought for some time and gave the pearl to the tortoise. Then the tortoise swam away and said, "I am not so stupid to take one and give two!" The bird catcher could only stand by the river and feel sorry for being greedy  .
The question is: What did the peacock want to do before the bird catcher was going to sell him?
The possible answers are:
A:To give a gift to his friend.
B:To give a gift to his parents.
C:To say goodbye to his friend.
D:To say goodbye to his parents.(1)Shirley Temple, the once-famous child movie star, died at the age of 85 on February 10, 2014. She was born on April 23, 1928. She was good at acting and dancing. In 1934, she starred  in the movie Bright Eyes. From then on she became famous around the world. Later she starred in other movies and won a Juvenile Oscar in February, 1935.
For many Americans born in the 1930s and 1940s, Temple was not just an on-screen star but also a close friend in their childhood. She was remembered by the world as the forever "little angle". An American movie star said, "Little Shirley Temple encouraged the whole country during the Great Depression ."
(2)Shi Li and Cui Jiping are husband and wife. They are disabled. They complete the first Chinese encyclopedic dictionary for deaf people and people with hearing problems.
The dictionary includes words on medicine, education, psychology, law, history and culture about deaf people's life. This book provides a learning tool for this special group of people and it helps them know about the world more easily.
They spent six years and over 1,000,000 yuan on the book. They first collected material for the book by themselves, then they invited a lot of experts  across the country to write.
The book is warmly welcomed by the deaf. One of the readers said, "The book shows that we're not alone. We can have our own way to communicate with the world. "
The question is: Which of the following is TRUE about the book?
The possible answers are:
A:It is the first world encyclopedic dictionary.
B:It can help deaf people know about the world more easily.
C:It took them sixteen years to finish the book.
D:It includes medicine and art about the life of deaf people.Now machines  are widely used all over the world. Why are machines so important and necessary  for us? Because they can help us to do things better and faster.
A washing machine helps us to wash clothes fast. A printing machine helps us to print a lot of books, newspapers, magazines and many other things fast. Bikes, cars, trains and planes are all machines. They help us to travel faster than on foot.
The computer is a wonderful machine. It was invented not long ago. It not only stores  information   but also stores numbers millions of times as fast as a scientist does.
Let's study hard and try to use all kinds of machines to build China into a modern country.
The question is: If we want to build China into a modern country. We must  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:study hard
B:try to use all kinds of machines
C:invent many machines
D:all aboveAudrey Hepburn won an Academy Award as Best Actress for her first major American movie, Roman Holiday, which was showed in 1953. But she is remembered as much for her help as for her acting.
Born in Belgium in 1929, Audrey's father was British and her mother was Dutch. Audrey was sent to live at a British school for part of her childhood. During World war II, she lived and studied in the Netherlands. Her mother thought it would be safe from German attacks. Audrey studied dance as a teenager and during college. But when she returned to London after the war she realized she wasn't going to be a ballet dancer. So she began taking acting parts in stage shows. Later she began to get small parts in movies.
But it was Audrey Hepburn's move to America that made her truly famous. In 1951 she played the character "Gigi" in the Broadway play Gigi and won popular praise. Two years later, Roman Holiday made her a star at the age of 24.
Audrey made more than 25 movies. Among her most popular roles was "Hoolly Golinghtly" in Breakfast at Tiffany's in 1961. Three years later she played "Eliza Doolittle" in My Fair Lady. She was married twice. In 1989, the UN Children's Fund named Audrey a goodwill ambassador. She travelled all over the world in support of UNICEF  projects. The UN agency said she was a tireless worker. She often gave 15 interviews a day to raise money and get support for UNICEF projects.
Audrey Hepburn often said her love to UNICEF was the result of her experiences as a child during World War II. She said she knew what it was like to be hungry and to be saved by international help. She was a goodwill ambassador until her death in 1993 from cancer.
The question is: Why did Audrey live and study in Netherlands?
The possible answers are:
A:She was born there.
B:The schools were better there.
C:She could stay away from war.
D:Her parents wanted her to study ballet there.Ann is a 13-year-old girl. She doesn't like popular  music.
One of her friends asks her, "What do you think of Wang Lihong and his popular music?"
"Who is Wang Lihong? I don't know him." Ann says, "I like classical  music."
Her friend looks at her surprisingly  and says, "Classical music is for old people. We can't stand  it. We like cool things."
Ann doesn't know why her friend says that. When she goes home, she talks to her father.
"Dad, am I strange?"
"I don't think so. Why do you ask that?"
"Because my friends can't stand classical music, but I like it."
"Never mind , Ann. You don't need to do what other people do. Everyone has different _ . Some of them are popular, but others are not."
The question is: What does Ann's friends like?
The possible answers are:
A:Popular music.
B:Cool things.
C:Classical music.
D:Pop singers.Once there was a rich man who lived with his wife and child.He loved the child so much that he sent him to Oxford university for two or three years.At the end of the first year at the university, this young student came home.He wanted a change.And he also wanted to tell his parents about Oxford.
It happened one night that the father, the mother and the young student were sitting at supper.They had in front of them only two chickens.Just as they were about to begin eating, the father said, "My boy, I have spent a lot of money on you to send you to Oxford.Now I want to know what you have learned."The son smiled and said, "Father, I have studied a science which can prove  that these two chickens on the plate are really three chickens.""Well," said the father, "This is something I would like very much to know.""There are two chickens on the plate, "said the student.He took one of the chickens in his hand and said, "Here is one more ; and one and two makes three.So here are three chickens."Then the father took one of the chickens to himself, gave the other to his wife, and said, "I will have one of the chickens myself, your mother shall have another, and you can have the third for your supper and nothing else."The father kept his word and so the student went without his supper.
(5)
The question is: The father asked his son   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:howmuchmoneyhehadspentattheuniversity
B:howhelikedOxford
C:whathehadlearnedbytheendofthefirstyearattheuniversity
D:howhissongotalongwithhisclassmatesMany people think the camel stores only water in its hump ,but it does not,Instead,the camel stores something else there----food.The camel's hump is really a hump of fat.When the camel,often called"a ship of the desert",is not travelling and is in a place where there is plenty of food and water,it eats and drinks a lot. As it does so, its hump rises from the fat its body makes. Then when the camel is travelling through the desert and when there is little food,it can live off the stored fat.
A camel can go on for days or weeks with little feed or water.However its hunger reaches the point starvation ,its hump shrinks  and may even slip off its back and hang down its side.
Camels are not fussy  about what they eat.Thorny  plants don't hurt their mouths,grasses of any kinds will do and so will hay,dry grain,cactuses.(,,)
There are one--humpcamels and two--hump camels. Camels with one hump are calledArabian camels,mainly coming from North Africa. Camels with two humps are mainly from Asia.
The question is: Reading this passage,we know  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:camels can live without food and water
B:camels need more but pay less
C:there is much food and water in camels' humps all the time
D:camels make food and water into fat and store it in their humpsIt is said that people born on different dates have different characteristics. For example, people who were born between March 21 and April 20 are likely to be active and strong. They like power and enjoy adventures.
People who were born between April 21 and May 21 are likely to learn more slowly, but they can remember what they learn well. They love children and usually have many friends.
People who were born between May 22 and June 21 are bright and humorous. They like to talk and enjoy wearing fine clothes.
People who were born between June 22 and July 22 think deeply. They would rather hide their feelings than express them.
People who were born between July 23 and August 22 are interested in many subjects and it is interesting to hear them talk.
People who were born between August 23 and September 22 are said to be calm and thoughtful. They like to read and often become successful scientists.
If you have free time, you can read about star signs to see if your characteristics match your birth date.
The question is: The passage mainly talks about   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:birth dates
B:abilities
C:star signs
D:birth dates and characteristicsI have seven bags. Three bags are big, and the other four bags are small. I have some basketballs and volleyballs. I put two volleyballs in each small bag. And I put two basketballs and two volleyballs in each big bag. The number of the volleyballs is my age.
The question is: I have  _  volleyballs.
The possible answers are:
A:three
B:five
C:fourteen
D:sevenPassage 3
A smile will tell people around you that you are a kind and friendly person. However, many people don't smile because they think they have ugly teeth. For example, one of my classmates, Mike, doesn't have very nice teeth, so that is why he seldom opens his mouth. He even says that he has lost confidence because of his teeth. So it is very important for us to look after our teeth. In fact, a lot of people have this problem. Some people inherit teeth problems from their parents, while others' teeth are damaged because of bad habits, like heavy smoking, eating too much sugar or not brushing teeth often. If your teeth are in bad shape, you should see a dentist and ask for help. They can help improve your teeth and tell you how to take care of them.
Smiling can help you to feel more confidence and make people think of you as a more friendly person. If you want to keep healthy, you should not only smile but also laugh. An Indian doctor called Kataria said that young children should laugh about 30 times a day, while adults should laugh between 7 and 15 times a day. So please take this chance to smile and laugh now.
The question is: How many times should a child laugh every day in doctor Kataria's opinion
The possible answers are:
A:Either 20 or 30 times a day
B:Between 7 and 15 times a day
C:Around 30 times a day
D:Only 30 times a dayThe survey was done among 29,760 students at 100 US high schools. The results suggest that in the past year, 30 percent of US high school students have stolen from a store. And 64 percent may have cheated on a test.
However, 93 percent of the students said they were satisfied   with their honesty. And 77 percent said,"when it comes to doing what is right, I am better than most people I know."
Some teachers were unhappy about the survey results. Some, however, defended (......) today's students.
"The competition is greater and the pressures   on kids have increased greatly,"said Mel Riddle, who was a high school teacher and headmaster for 40 years."It is the pressures that make it easy for students to be dishonest."
"I think these students are better than other generations,"he said."I find them more active, better to work with and more thankful for support."" We have to create situations where it's easy for kids to do the right things, "he added."We need to create classrooms where learning is more important than having the right answer."
The question is: We can learn from the survey that children in the US nowadays  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:behave worse
B:work harder
C:are less healthy
D:are busier at schoolFor many years, we couldn't talk with the deaf. These deaf people couldn't use a spoken language.
But beginning in the 1700s, the deaf were taught a special language. Using this language, they could share thoughts and ideas with others. The language they used was a language without sound. It was a sign language.
How did this sign language work? The deaf learnt to make certain movements with their hands, faces and bodies. These movements stood for things and ideas. People might move their forefingers across their lips. This meant "you are not telling the truth". They might tap their chin with three fingers. This meant "my uncle".
The deaf learned to see a finger alphabet. They used their fingers to make the letters of the alphabet. In this way, they spelled out words. Some deaf people could spell out words at a speed of 130 words per minute.
The deaf don't use the sign language and finger spelling as much as they once were. Today, the deaf learn to understand others by watching their lips. They also learn how to speak.
The question is: The title of the passage is   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:The Deaf.
B:The Blind.
C:The Language of the Deaf.
D:The Language of the Blind.I am a middle school student. My name is WeiFang. I'm thirteen now. I study at No.52 Middle School. I am in Class 3, Grade 1. There are twenty boys and twenty-three girls in my class. We have four lessons in the morning and two in the afternoon. We like English very much.
The question is: WeiFang is in   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:Class Three, Grade One
B:Class One, Grade Three
C:Grade One, Class Three
D:Grade Three, Class OneMrs. King: Oh,Bill, where are my gloves ? They aren't here.
Mr. King: Maybe they're in the dining-room.
Mrs. King: No, they aren't in our dining-room. Are they there?
Mr. King: No, they aren't here.
Mrs. King: Are they on the table?
Mr. King: No. Oh, here is a glove under the chair. It's black.
Mrs. King: No, that isn't my glove. My gloves are white . Oh ,Bill ,are they in the car?
Mr. King: No, they aren't there. But are they in your bag?
Mrs. King: No,they aren't.
Mr. King: Are you sure?
Mrs. King:Yes... oh,Bill, they are here. Yes , they're my gloves. They're in my bag,Bill, I'm very sorry.
The question is: _   first name is Bill.
The possible answers are:
A:Mr. King
B:Mr. King's
C:Mrs. King's
D:HerOne day Bob took two of his friends into the mountains. They put up their tents and then rode off to a forest to see how the trees were growing.
In the afternoon when they were about ten kilometers from their camp, it started to snow. More and more snow fell. Soon Bob could hardly see his hands before his face. He could not find the road. Bob knew there were two roads. One road went to the camp, and the other went to his house. But all was white now. Everything was the same. How could he take his friends back to the camp?
Bob had an idea. The horses! Let the horses take them back! But what would happen if the horses took the road to his house? That would be a trip of thirty - five kilometers in such cold weather!
It was getting late. They rode on and on. At last the horses stopped. Where were they?
None of them could tell. Bob looked around. What was that under the tree? It was one of their tents!
,.
The question is: Bob and his two friends went to the forest to   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:build their camp
B:find their way home
C:enjoy the mountains in the snow.
D:watch the trees in the forestMr. Clark worked in a newspaper, and he did a lot of important and difficult work, but then he began to forget things, and this made his work very difficult. One day he said to himself, "I'm going to go and see Dr. Martin about this."
He waited in the doctor's waiting room with the other patients, and then the nurse said to him, "You can go in and see Dr. Martin now".
"Oh, doctor," said Mr. Clark, 'it's terrible, I can't remember anything for longer than half a minute, and it's making my work very difficult. What can I do? Can you help me?"
The doctor said, "When did this start, Mr. Clark?"
"When did what start?" Mr. Clark said.
The question is: Why did Mr. Clark ask Dr. Martin, "When did what start"?Because he forgot  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:the time
B:his illness
C:the doctor
D:the hospitalThree boys, Tom, Sam and Jim bought seventeen apples. Tom wanted the half  . Sam wanted one-third  ,and Jim wanted one-ninth  * But they didn't know how to do.
Just at that time,a little boy came with an apple in his hand. The boy said to them, "Don't worry. Let me help you" Then he put his apple into their apples, and made the number of the apples eighteen. Then he gave Tom nine apples, he gave Sam six apples,and he gave Jim two apples. He gave away seventeen apples and took his apple back.
The three boys were very happy. And they said: "How clever the boy is!"
,.
The question is: What did the little boy do to help them?
The possible answers are:
A:He put his apple into theirs when he divided the apples.
B:He kept an apple to divide the apples.
C:He got one apple from another man.
D:He ate an apple before he divided them.Tom with his grandparents lives in a farmhouse. He studies in a small school. It is not far from his home. So he walks to school every day. There is a small river in front of the school. There is a small bridge over the river. There is only one shop near his school. There is a big playground behind the teaching building. There are some tall trees near the classroom building and the students often read and play under the tree after school. People there are all very friendly.
The question is: How many shops are there near Tom's school ?
The possible answers are:
A:One
B:Two
C:Three
D:FourHow much sleep do we need? We are all different. Some people need only three hours of sleep a night. Others need ten hours of sleep a night. Most Americans sleep an average   of seven to eight hours a night. After the age of fifty the average sleep time goes down to 6.5 hours a night.
Most people have a bad night when they can not sleep. About one in three Americans has a problem with sleep. Many of these people can not fall sleep. This problem is called   insomnia. This is not a new problem. Many famous people in history had insomnia. Some of these people had special   ideas to another to make them sleep. Benjaming Franklin, the famous stateman   and inventor  ,had four beds. He moved from one to another to fall asleep. King Lousis XIV of France had 13 beds and hoped that he could fall asleep in one of them. Mark Twain, the famous American writer, had a different way. He lay on his side on the end of the bed!
The question is: "The problem is called insomnia." Here "insomnia" means  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:going to sleep easily
B:sleep at daytime
C:the ways of sleep
D:not being able to go to sleepWe do the shopping on Sundays . I often go to the supermarket with my mother on Sunday morning in a car . Father likes fruit very much. We buy some red apples for him. Mother likes yellow bananas , but they're green. "Look! The strawberries are very nice, mum. Do you like them?" I say to Mum. "Yes, I like strawberries very much . " Mother buys some for herself. The oranges are very nice. Mother buys some for me . I like orange very much.
We need some vegetables . The vegetables in the supermarket are very good . We buy some tomatoes, carrots and broccoli . I don't like broccoli, but my parents like it . I like carrots very much. We buy lots of carrots. After shopping , mother and I have some French fries, milk and ice cream. And then we go back home with the fruit and vegetables .
The question is: After we buy the fruit and vegetables,   _   .
The possible answers are:
A:we go back home
B:we eat some apples and tomatoes
C:we have some food
D:we only have some ice creamIt was Christmas, and there was a big party in the house. Guests came and went, but the party went on. Then the bell rang. Several people shouted, "Come in!"and a small man opened the front door and came in. Nobody knew him. But the host went to meet him, and took him to the bar for a drink. The man sat there happily for an hour and a half and drank.Then suddenly he stopped and looked at the host. "Do you know," he said, "nobody invited me to this party. I don't know you, 'I don't know your wife, and I don't know any of your guests. My wife and I wanted to go out in our car, but one of your guests' cars was in front of our gate, so I came here to find him and my wife is waiting in our car for me to come back.
The question is: The best title is   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:A small Man
B:A Strange Guest
C:A Friendly Host
D:A funny ManI have been very lucky to make many trips to China. Though I have had some trouble with the language, I have never had a problem I couldn't solve. As a native English speaker ,I can go almost everywhere in the world and find someone to communicate with. I never thought that someone who speaks only Chinese would have a lot of trouble in my country.
Recently, the King family that I had met in China moved to Canada. I met them at the airport. My wife and I made meals for them and showed them around where we live. Everything seemed to go smoothly for the first two days as we looked for a car for them, showed them the way to different stores and the nearest city, Victoria. Mr. and Mrs King had a two-year-old son and soon we became Nainai (grandmother) and Yeye (grandfather). We were having a good time but we didn't realize Mr. King can't speak English.
Luckily, Mrs. King can speak very good English. Many people with Chinese background live near us. In fact, none of them speak Chinese. Mr. King can't even buy a mobile phone without his wife's help. He can't talk to me, of course. By the third day, he felt lonely and worried. And on the fourth day, we decided to take them to a large Chinese community.
Now, we often visit them and they visit us too. Sometimes Mrs. King would still like to live near us but Mr. King cannot. I feel bad because he seems very nice and smart but I can't talk with him. It seems that neither of us will learn the other's language because of our ages, maybe we will never have a friendly conversation. But we will think of each other as friends.
The question is: Who can't speak English in this passage?
The possible answers are:
A:Mr. King
B:Mrs. King
C:The writer
D:The writer's wifeJust a Little Smile
Mark was walking home from school one day when he saw the boy in front of turn fall over and drop all of the books he was carrying, along with two sweaters, a basketball and a walkman  . Mark stopped and helped the boy pick up these things. Since they were going the same way, he helped to carry some of his things. As they walked, Mark knew that the boy's name was Bill, that he loved computer games, basketball and history, and that he was having lots of troubles with his other subjects and that he had just _ with his girlfriend.
They arrived at Bill's home first and Mark was invited  in for a Coke and to watch some television. The afternoon passed happily with a few laughs and some small talk, then Mark went home. They often saw . each other at school, had lunch together once or twice, and then they both finished middle school. They ended up in the same high school where they sometimes saw and talked with each other over the years. At last just three weeks before they finished high school, Bill asked Mark if they could talk.
Bill asked Mark if he still remembered the day years ago when they had first met. "Did you ever think why I was carrying so many things home that day?" asked Bill. "You see, I cleaned out my locker  because I didn't want to leave anything for anyone else. I had put away some of my mother's sleeping pills and I was going home to kill myself. But after we spent some time together talking and laughing, ! began to understand that if I killed myself, I would have missed that time and so many others that might follow. So you see, Mark, when you picked up those books that day, you did a lot more. You saved my life. "
The question is: From what Bill was carrying, we can know that he  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:was a good student
B:liked sports and music
C:liked all the subjects in school
D:was a gOnce an old man went to see a doctor. The doctor looked him over carefully and said, "Medicine won't help you. You must have a good rest. Go to bed early, drink milk, walk a lot and smoke one cigar   a day. Go to the country place for a month."
After a month the man came to see the doctor again. "How are you?" said the doctor. "I'm glad to see you again. You look much younger." "Oh, doctor, I feel quite well now,"said the man. "I had a good rest. I went to bed early, drank a lot of milk and walked a lot. Your advice certainly helped me, but that you told me to smoke one cigar a day almost killed  me first. It's no joke to start smoking at my age."
The question is: The doctor wanted the old man   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:to go worse
B:to start smoking
C:to smoke less than before
D:to do nothingIt's 10:00 pm. A man leaves a restaurant, gets into his car and drives away. 200 meters further he's stopped by a police officer.
Officer: Good evening, sir. We're testing drivers for drunk driving. Would you please blow into this machine?
Man: I'm sorry, I can't do that. If I blow into that machine, I will get out of air.
Officer: Please come along to the office and we can give you a blood test.
Man: I can't do that. If you give me a blood test, I will bleed to death.
Officer: Then you'll have to get out and walk five metres along this white line.
Man: I can't do that, either.
Officer: Why not?
Man: Because I'm dead drunk! I can't open the door.
The question is: The conversation probably happens in a (an)   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:office
B:street
C:hospital
D:restaurantIt may be hard to believe, but the American Revolution --the war that freed the American states from British control--began over a cup of tea. Tea was not the only thing that caused the war, of course, but it played a very big part.
The British people's love of tea is well-known. When the British won control over mush of North America in the early 1700s, they brought their tea- drinking habits with them. Tea quickly became the continents most popular drink. As tea could not be grown locally, just as in Britain, it was shipped into the country--mostly from India.
In the early 1700s, the Britain government made a special deal with the East India Company, as an English trading company. They agreed that no other company was allowed to bring tea to Britain or any country controlled by Britain, including America. It was a great deal for the East India Company, since it meant that the company could decide whatever price it wanted for its products. And _ always decided on a high price!
In North America, the local people did not like having to pay such high prices. Instead of overpaying for tea from the British, they turned to Dutch traders, who secretly brought tea to the country that was just as good--and much less expensive. Although this broke the law, the American people didn't care. They got the same cup of tea at a much lower price.
The East India Company, however, didn't like this at all. By the 1760s, they were losing millions of pounds each year to Dutch traders--a huge amount of money in a time when PS60 a year was considered a good income. Instead of reducing their prices to compete with the Dutch, the company asked the British government for help and the government agreed.
In 1767, the British introduced new law that increased the prices of all goods which were brought into America. These laws helped make the East India Company even richer and forced local people to pay much more for everything. The American leaders asked the British government not to do so, but the British refused to listen. These unfair laws increased Americans' anger about British rule and the rest, as they say, is history.
The question is: Why did may Americans begin to buy tea from the Dutch traders?
The possible answers are:
A:The tea was much cheaper.
B:The tea was a lot healthier.
C:They could buy it more easily.
D:They didn't want to support the British.Look! This is a photo of my family. My name is Brooklyn. I am 11 years old now. You know my father? Yes, he is David Beckham. He is a good football player  . He is thirty-nine years old now. This is my mother. Her name is Victoria. She is thirty-six years old now. I have a brother. But he is not in this photo. He is only 1 year old. His name is Romeo. We are very happy.
,.
The question is: _   is my mother.
The possible answers are:
A:Victoria
B:David Beckham
C:Romeo
D:BrooklynIn a surprising result, the No. 69 Middle School girls' football team yesterday beat their school's boys' team. The boys' team often helped the girls with their training  . They had never lost to the girls before, but this time the girls beat them 4 -- 3.
After the game, Wu Nai, head of the boys' team, was very unhappy. "We all thought this would be an easy game," he said. "We never thought a team of girls could beat us. This is the saddest day of my life. "
But Mr Hu, the boys' PE teacher, said he thought the girls should win. "The boys were too confident  ," he said. "I told them before the match that they needed to play well. They all thought that girls' football was a joke. Now they know better. They didn't play carefully, and they lost."
The match had started well for the boys. After 30 minutes, they were winning 2 - 0. Their best player, Lu Ming, scored in the thirtieth minute. Earlier, the mid-field player, Ma Zhengquan, had scored the first goal in only the second minute of the match.
After the first half hour, the boys seemed to become too confident. At first, the girls had felt a bit nervous  , but then they became more and more confident. Just before half time, Li Xiaolin made the score 2 - 1.
In the second half, the boys were the first to score. It was from Lu Ming. After that the boys became lazy, but the girls kept on working hard. Hao Meiling scored in the 68th minute, to make the score 3 -- 2. Then Li Xiaolin scored twice in the last six minutes to make the last score 4-3. It was a surprising finish.
The girls' PE teacher, Miss Wang, was very pleased with their work. "They were great!" She said. "I told them they could win. I told them that the most important thing was teamwork. The boys' team had some good players, but my girls were a better team!"
The question is: How many goals did Li Xiaolin score?
The possible answers are:
A:One.
B:Two.
C:Three.
D:Four.Mike found a job in a bookstore after he finished middle school. He wouldn't do anything but wanted to get rich.
It was a cold morning. It snowed and there was thin ice on the streets. Few people went to buy books and the young man had nothing to do. He hated to read, so he watched the traffic. Suddenly he saw a bag fall off a truck and it landed by the other side of the street.
"It is full of expensive things." Mike said to himself. "I have to get it right now, or others will take it away."
He went out of the bookstore and ran across the street. A driver saw him and began to whistle  , but he didn't hear it and went on running. The man drove to the side, hit a big tree and hurt himself in the accident. Two weeks later, Mike was taken to the court  . A judge asked if he heard the whistle when he was running across the street. He said that something was wrong with his ears and he could hear nothing.
"But you heard me this time," said the judge.
"Oh, I'm sorry. Now I can hear with one ear."
"Cover   the ear with your hand and listen to me with your deaf   one. Well, can you hear me?"
"No, I can't , sir."
"You told a lie. There is nothing wrong with either of your ears," the judge said.
The question is: One day he saw   _   in the street.
The possible answers are:
A:an accident
B:a thief
C:a lost bag
D:a lot of moneyDo you hear the name--Rain? Yes, he is a popular star of South Korea. Rain's music teacher gave him that name. His real name is Jung Ji Hoon. The 27-year-old singer is very good at dancing, too. His eyes are bright and his smiles are sunny.
When he was a child. Rain was very quiet. But in Grade Six. Rain surprised all of his classmates. He danced for them. After the excellent dancing, everyone looked at him in a different way.
Rain's Songs sell well. and he acts in a few TV shows. Rain doesn't want to sing forever ."When I stop singing, I'd like to design clothes.Being a designer is my childhood dream."he said.
The question is: What did Rain want to be when he was a child?
The possible answers are:
A:A singer.
B:A dancer.
C:A star.
D:A designer.Do you know that in some parts of the world, people build temporary hotels made of snow and blocks of ice? These are known as ice hotels.
Unlike usual hotels, all the rooms in the ice hotels are made of ice. In some ice hotels, even the glasses for drinks are made of ice blocks. So they only serve cold drinks. Also, hot food is not served in the ice hotels, but guests can eat hot food at places nearby.
To keep warm, guests sleep in comfortable sleeping bags on ice blocks that are covered by mattresses and reindeer skins .
There are some places in the ice hotels that are heated, such as the bathrooms. This is because, even though it is not as cold in the ice hotels as it is outdoors , indoor temperatures are still very low.
Perhaps the most interesting thing about the ice hotels is that they are rebuilt every year. They can be used only during the winter months. The ice hotels melt away when spring arrives. The ice blocks used to build these hotels are from nearby rivers. So, when the ice hotels melt away, they melt back into the rivers.
The question is: What happens to the ice hotels in spring?
The possible answers are:
A:They melt away.
B:They are rebuilt.
C:They are repaired.
D:They need more ice.An interesting experiment is taking place at the Children's Hospital in London. Dogs, cats, and even horses help sick children to get better. Dr. Marcus Finch of the Children's Hospital says,"Children have many problems as they are growing up. When they have problems, it's not easy for them to open up. But when they are with a pet animal, they feel relaxed and always smile. Animals don't speak, so they don't criticize .They listen and don't stop children. Children can talk with animals because they can believe them. Animals know how to keep secret! Also, children feel they are needed  because they help to feed  the animals and look after them."At the Children's Hospital, you can find children playing with cats, dogs, and goats,and riding horses. The doctors just watch them and are surprised at the power of the animals.
The question is: Why do children feel they are needed?
The possible answers are:
A:When they have problems, it's not easy for them to open up.
B:Children can talk with animals because they can believe them.
C:Because they help to feed  the animals and look after them.
D:They all like the animals.Everyone has his own birthday. People in different countries celebrate their birthdays in different ways. Now here are four people from different countries. They will tell us how they celebrate their birthdays in their countries.
Sandy comes from Madrid  . She says happily, "My 21st birthday is on Saturday, and I'm going to go out with some friends. To wish me a happy birthday, they are going to pull on my ear 21 times, once for each year. It's an old custom. Some people pull on the ear just once, but my friends are very traditional."
Mr. and Mrs. Sato are from Tokyo. Mr. Sato is going to be 60 tomorrow. In Japan, the sixtieth birthday is called Kanreki --it's the beginning of a new life. The color red is for a new life, so we always give something red for a sixtieth birthday.
Liu Mei from Beijing feels very excited and tells us, "Tomorrow is my 16th birthday. It's a special birthday, so we're going to have a family party. Maybe I will get some lucky money from my relatives . My mother is going to cook noodles for a long life."
Phillip, from Paris, smiles to us, "I'm going to be thirty next week, so I'm going to invite three very good friends out for dinner. In France, when you have a birthday, you often invite people out."
How do you usually celebrate your birthday?
The question is: Sandy's friends will pull on her ear   _   on her birthday.
The possible answers are:
A:once
B:twice
C:21 times
D:we don't knowMary can't understand such sentences as "She is blue today." "You are yellow." "He has a green thumb  ." "He tells a white lie." and so on. And she goes to her teacher for help.
Mary: Mrs. Smith, there is a colour in each of these sentence. What do they mean?
Mrs. Smith: In everyday English, blue sometimes means sad. Yellow, afraid. A person with a green thumb grows plants well. And a white lie is not a bad one.
Mary: Would you please give me an example of a white lie?
Mrs. Smith: Certainly. Now I give you some cake. In fact, you don't like it. But you won't say it. Instead, you say, " No, thanks. I'm not hungry." That's a white lie.
Mary: Oh, I see. Thank you very much.
The question is: He is   _   today. It means his father is ill.
The possible answers are:
A:blue
B:yellow
C:green
D:whiteIt's easy to get lost   in a _ city. Here are some tips   to help you find the way and get to your destination  .
Take a map with you when you go to a new place. If you lose your way, look at the map, you'll find the place where you want to go.
If you still can't find the place on the map, ask the police for help.They will tell you the right way to go.
Remember the name of your hotel and the street where it is. If you can't find the way back, take a taix.
I hope these tips can help you.
The question is: Which is the best title  of the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:Get lost in a large city.
B:Some useful tips.
C:Never go to a strange city.
D:A map is usefulMany animals hide to stay alive. They hide in many ways. Some animals hide in leaves; some animals hide in snow. Usually their colors or shapes help protect them. It's hard to see an Arctic bear in snow. Its white fur helps protect it. Chameleons  can hide by changing colors. Their skin turns the same color as what is around them. Some chameleons can change colors in five minutes.
Many animals try to look bigger than they are to stay alive. Some animals can make other animals think they are very big. If they look very big, animals that are looking for food will run away. Bears can walk on two legs. They look very, very scary. Some animals will run away from them.
Many animals try to stay around other animals. This helps them stay alive. Zebras stay close together so that they can help each other look out of danger. Seeing many stripes at once can also confuse animals that want to eat them. Some birds stay in a circle, each toward a different direction. In this way they can also help each other stay alive by looking around for animals that many want to eat one of them.
The question is: Why do animals try to look bigger than they are ?
The possible answers are:
A:They want other animals to run away from them.
B:They want other animals to follow them.
C:They want other animals to see them.
D:They want other animals to like them.A teacher showed three toys to his students and asked them to find out the differences. All the three toys seemed to have the same shape, size and material. After looking at them carefully, the students discovered holes in the toys. The first toy had holes in the ears. The second toy had holes in its ear and mouth. The third toy had only one hole in one of its ears.
Then the teacher put a needle  in one ear hole of the first toy. The needle came out of the other ear. For the second toy, when the needle was put in its ear , it came out of its mouth. And for the third toy, when the needle was put in, it did not come out.
So the teacher explained to his students," The first toy represent those people who seem to be listening to you and caring for you. But they are just pretending to do so. After listening, as the needle comes out from the next ear, the things you said to them are gone. In fact, they don't care for you at all."
"The second toy represents those people who listen to you and care for you. But as in the toy, the needle comes out from mouth, these people will use what you tell them to fight against you. They tell others what you said and tell your secrets for their purposes."
"As for the third toy, the needle does not come out. It represents those people who will keep the trust you put in them. They are the ones that you can believe."
The question is: Which of the following is TRUE according to the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:All the toys had two holes and had no differences.
B:All the toys were made by the teacher and the students.
C:The third toy represents the people who you can believe.
D:The first two toys represent the people who don't really listen to you.One day ,a woman got on a bus with a child in her arms. The woman sat down next to _ The old woman took a look at the child and said in a low voice to her husband," Look at the child. He's so ugly ."
The woman heard what the old woman said and began to cry. She cried and cried and no one could stop her.
When the bus came to a stop, a young man got on the bus with some bananas and sat at the back of the bus. He saw the woman crying, so he went over and said to her," Oh, come, please don't cry any more. You look very ugly when you are crying."
The woman didn't stop crying. Instead, she cried even harder. The young man didn't know what he could do. Suddenly he noticed the bananas in his hand and had a good idea. So he said again to the woman, "Well, if you stop crying, I will give your monkey some bananas to eat."
The question is: The child in the woman's arms  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:was very clever
B:was very tall
C:looked quite lovely
D:wasn't good-lookingHi!I'm Lucy. I am a student in Class 5,Grade 7.I have a big schoolbag. It is blue and red. The price is Y=88.1.have a nice pencil box in it. It is Y=10.Its color is white. I bought  it in a store. There are four pencils and one pen. Each pencil is Y=1 and the pen is Y=12.My eraser is yellow. The price is Y=2.My ruler is orange and very long. I like them very much. I study very hard.
The question is: What color is my pencil box?It's    _   .
The possible answers are:
A:red
B:blue
C:white
D:blue and redNot long ago, I asked large mid-aged persons a question. I asked, "How many of you had a hobby when you were children?" Nearly everyone raised a hand. I then asked them to keep their hands in the air if they knew at least one of their children had a hobby. Most of the hands went down. I felt sad. It's terrible if the children don't have a hobby. How I wish all the parents can care their children's hobbies!
Thirty years ago, almost every child in my neighborhood had some kinds of hobbies. Collecting and trading baseball cards was a popular hobby. Others, like coin collecting and stamp collecting, are also popular. One of my friends was collecting photos, another was collecting radios. In fact, hobbies can benefit children in several ways. _ are expressions of personal success and self-discovery . Hobbies also help build self- respect . Hobbies are educational tools, as well. For example, a child who becomes interested in rocketry   --one of the most popular hobbies, can explore those skills in many ways. By working on hobbies, children learn to set goals, make decisions, and solve all sorts of problems.
,.
The question is: What's the main idea of this passage?
The possible answers are:
A:Many parents don't care about their children's hobbies.
B:Children need to have a hobby.
C:Hobbies help children build self- respect.
D:Children learn skills by working on hobbies.Useful Information in Australia
Useful Numbers
All the telephone numbers are useful and free.
. Fire/ Police/ Ambulance --000     Telephone information--12455
. Medical  Care--1300369359       Taxi--1800421113
Surfing the Internet
With so many Internet tearooms and public libraries, it's easy to surf the Internet in Australia.
Also it's very cheap for you to surf the Internet.
. Public libraries offer free Internet every day even during public holidays.
. Many travel managers provide connection which is cheap or free.
Post Service
All post offices around the country offer post services  so you can receive mails as you travel around the whole country.
. Post offices are usually open from Monday to Friday from 9 am to 5 pm.
. It costs 50 cents to send a standard  letter in Australia.
Public Holidays
On public holidays all shops are closed across Australia, so are banks and post offices.
. New Year's Day--1st January
. Australia Day--26th January
. Christmas Day--25th December
The question is: Which is the right time to send a letter in a post office in Australia?
The possible answers are:
A:At 8:30 on Tuesday.
B:At 9:30 on Sunday.
C:At 8:30 on Saturday.
D:At 9:30 on Monday.Every day since March 8, people all over the world keep asking the same question: Where did Malaysia Airlines Flight MH370 go? It turns out to be the biggest mystery in modern aviation   history.
In the early hours of March 8, a Boeing 777 took off from Malaysia's capital Kuala Lumpur  . It was heading to Beijing.
But about two hours into the flight, the plane lost contact. There were 239 people on board the Malaysia Airlines flight, including 154 Chinese.
About 12 countries, including China, the US and Australia, have joined the search for the missing plane and passengers. The plane's disappearance was a "mystery", said officials. The plane was flying at a height of more than 10,000 meters when it suddenly lost contact. The weather was clear. The pilots didn't make any distress calls  . When a plane crashes, broken parts are usually recovered. But up to April 2, officials have not found anything.    People are also talking about a possible hijacking. Interpol   said that two people on the flight used stolen passports. But that information alone isn't evidence  of a hijack.
The investigation   is still going on. It could take months or even years to find out what happened to the flight.
"We are looking at all possibilities," said Malaysian Transport Minister Hishamuddin Hussein. "The most important thing now is to find the plane."
On March 24 came a piece of sad news. Malaysian Prime Minister Najib Razak said that the plane "ended in the southern Indian Ocean". Everyone on the plane died. But the mystery is still not solved. Nobody is giving up. China has said it will work hard to find out the truth at all costs.
The question is: Where can you probably read the article?
The possible answers are:
A:In a travel guide.
B:In a history book.
C:In a novel book.
D:In a newspaperToday there are 7 billion people on the earth.By the year 2050 there may be 9.0 billion.We will have a lot more people to feed.We need more food.
One way to produce more food is by growing stronger plants.For thousands of years,farmers have made plants better.Every season,they pick the best plants for the next season.It works very slowly.Since1983 scientists have been able to change plants more quickly by changing their genetic  material. Foods from plants grown in this way are called genetically modified foods ,or GM foods.
By changing the genetic material of a plant,it is possible to make new plants. They make plants which are strong against plant diseases. They can also help in our diseases:a kind of rice is being prepared,for example,which stops people from becoming blind.Rich countries produce GM foods because they are easy to grow and they bring in more money.Poor countries are interested in them because they help produce more food.
GM plants are not natural.No one knows how good or bad they are.Making GM foods is only one way of feeding people in 2050.But there are strong feelings against them,because they are unnatural. They may feed people,then hurt them or their children later.But both rich and poor countries are very interested in their use,and they are not going to die.In 2050 we may think differently about them.
The question is: From the passage we can find out  _
The possible answers are:
A:the GM plants can produce more food
B:scientists want to make more money
C:scientists find the GM plants by accident
D:scientists work on the subject for funMany people think heroes need to be handsome, rich, or very smart. But as for me, a hero is a person who always helps others. My hero is Uncle Bill. He is the oldest son of a worker, and he grew up in a poor family with four younger brothers and two little sisters.
He was good at neither writing nor math. In fact, he never did well in school. so he  had to give up school at a very young age. He worked and gave all his money to help his parents. When he was getting older, he found that he was very interested in fixing things. he collected broken things which people threw away and fixed them into good ones. He could fix almost everything that did not work. He worked hard never gave up. Finally, he opened his own repair shop. It took him about 20 years to become a successful shopkeeper . 
Now, he is very rich and has four shops. But he never forgets the days when he had nothing. He gives money to poor families, helps poor kids buy books and offers them free lunch. He also encourages people to reuse things. He always says :Make good use of what you have because we just have one earth.
I am proud of Uncle Bill. He is really a hero.
The question is: How many people were there in Uncle Bill's family when he was a child
The possible answers are:
A:7
B:8
C:9
D:10Mr. and Mrs. Green lived in a big city, and one summer they went to the country for their holiday. They enjoyed it very much, because it was a quiet, clean place.
One day they went for a walk early in the morning and met an old man. He lived on a farm, and he was sitting in the warm sun in front of his house. Mr. Green asked him, "Do you like to live in this quiet place?"
The old man said, "Yes, I do," Mr. Green said, "What are the good things about it?"
The old man answered, "Well, the people here know each other. They often come and visit me, and I often go and visit them. And there are also lots of children here."
Mr. Green said, "That's interesting. And what are the bad things?"
The old man thought and thought and then said, "Well, the same things, are they?"
The question is: The old man   _   enjoyed the country.
The possible answers are:
A:too
B:very
C:also
D:muchNote-taking is a skill that can help you do well in all your schoolwork. It can make you confident when you are studying. But unluckily, most students don't know how to take notes.
Write down key facts. If your teacher writes notes on the blackboard, that's great. You can copy them or write down the most important facts of all in class. Different teachers do things differently. For example, some teachers may focus on   lots of dates and facts in class, but they only write the important ones on the blackboard. Other teachers may not write anything down, but they may say something important again and again.
Ask. Don't be afraid to ask your teacher to repeat what you miss. If your teacher speaks too fast and you can't follow what he is saying, you can ask him after class.
Compare. Comparing your notes with your classmates' can be good for your learning. It can also help you and your classmates correct some mistakes.
Organize . Note-taking also needs organization. Keep notes for each subject in one notebook, so that you can find everything easily when a test comes.
Good note-taking takes time. If you decide to recopy your notes every evening, you'll surely have less time to watch TV. But you'll save time in the coming test.
The question is: There are  _    main points about note-taking in this passage.
The possible answers are:
A:4
B:5
C:6
D:7We call the Chinese New Year the Spring Festival. There is a name for each Chinese year. We may call it the year of the sheep, the monkey, the snake, the tiger, the rabbit, the horse or the year of the pig. And this year is the year of the Sheep.
Before New  Year's Day, people are busy shopping and cleaning their houses. They are busy buying new clothes, new shoes, and candies. On New Year's Eve, there is a big family dinner. After the dinner, all the family members stay up late to welcome the New Year. On the first day of the New Year, people put on their new clothes and go to visit their friends. They say "Happy New Year" and some other greetings to each other. And on that day, children can get money in red packets. Besides, children have a lot of candies to eat. People wear new clothes and shoes.
People usually have a very good time during the Festival.
The question is: How many Chinese festivals does the passage talk about?
The possible answers are:
A:One
B:Two
C:Three
D:FourMr. Smith was in trouble those days. He drove a car for Mr. Black, a rich businessman. He worked hard and the shopkeeper liked him. But he couldn't work when he drank too much. Once he almost fell into the river when he drove along the bridge. Mr. Black became angry and was going to send him away. Mr. Smith had a big family and was afraid of it and promised he would stop drinking at once. The man told him to wait to be dealt with.
One Monday morning Mr. Smith came into the office with two badly burnt ears. "What happened to your ears?" asked Mr. Black.
"Well, "said the man," I went to watch a football match yesterday while my wife was ironing  clothes. She had put the iron near the telephone before she went to cook supper. Our team lost the game and I felt sorry for it. As soon as I went in the sitting -room, the phone rang and I answered the iron!" "And what happened to the other ear?" "When I put the iron down on the table, the telephone rang again!"
The question is: _   , so he almost drove the car into the river.
The possible answers are:
A:Mr. Smith was not careful
B:Mr. Smith drank too much
C:Mr. Smith, forgot they were on the bridge
D:Mr. Smith couldn't work in the eveningLittle Smart or Xiaolingtong is becoming more and more popular in China. But you can use it only in your city. If you go to another city, it will have no use. It looks like a mobile phone, but the service( )is quite cheap. We only need to pay about 20 yuan a month for the line and about 0.1 yuan each minute for the talk. What's more, you don't have to pay any money when someone else calls you.
But little Smart is not really so smart. Users often complain about( ) its bad voice. " I can't make or get a phone call when I am on a bus," a person in Hangzhou said. Scientists are trying their best to make Little Smart smarter. And the latest Little Smart even has a color screen.
The question is: You can use your Litter Smart  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:in some cities
B:in any city
C:only in the buses
D:only in your citySpam   mail is a fact of Internet life. Some of it carries bad things, but the main problem with spam is that it is unpleasant because it fills your mail box with pointless messages.
Most email programs have built-in filters   that will discover unwanted messages and put them into a junk folder  . You can make the filter learn what you consider to be spam or block certain senders.
Avoid letting your email address appear on websites--spammers search the Internet for email addresses. Be careful who you give your email address to, and if you need to send out several copies of an email, use blind copy instead to cover the other people's addresses.
Delete   spam emails without opening them. Signs of possible spam are bad spelling in email headers, strange sender addresses, or emails sent at unusual hours. If you do open a spam mail, never reply to it or click on any pictures it may have.
If you receive an unexpected email pretending   to come from your bank, credit card company or other suppliers, be very careful. If the email asks you to reply, don't do it! Instead, call up these places or visit their websites.
Consider setting up a second email address and keep one address for your personal use and another for your online communication.
The question is: What should you do if you receive a spam email?
The possible answers are:
A:Reply to it quickly.
B:Delete it at once.
C:Click its pictures.
D:Visit its website.Father's Day is the third Sunday in June. It is a day to thank fathers. On that day, fathers usually receive greeting gifts and cards. On the cards, children will write, "Thanks, father." "Best wishes for Father's Day" and so on. Father's Day is also a day families get together at home as well as in the restaurants.
Where does the idea for the holiday come from? We should thank an American. In 1909 she wrote letters to some important persons. In her letter she advised to make Father's Day on the third Sunday in June. In June in 1910, people celebrated the first Father's Day in Washington. People whose parents are dead often decorated   their parents' graves   with flowers on these days. These are days of family fun and creating good feelings and memories.
The question is: When is Father's Day?
The possible answers are:
A:The second Sunday in May.
B:The third Saturday in June.
C:The third Sunday in June.
D:The second Sunday in March.Monarch butterflies from eastern Canada make the most amazing journey in the insect world. Each year, this butterfly travels about 3000miles to its winter home in central Mexico . How can it fly so far? And why does it make this long and dangerous trip? Scientists still don't have an answer.
For many years, people in Mexico wondered where the orange-and-black butterflies came from every winter. Then, in 1937, a scientist started to follow and study the butterflies. For the next 20 years, he discovered that one butterfly started its journey in Canada. Four months later, it arrived in Mexico.
The length of the butterflies find their way back to the same place? Another amazing thing is that the butterflies always return to the same area in central Mexico.
How do the butterflies find their way back to the same place? This is an interesting question because only every fourth generation makes the trip south. In other words, the butterfly that travels to Mexico this year is the great-great-grandchild of the butterfly that traveled there last year.
Each year, four generations of a Monarch butterfly family are born. Each generation of the family has a very different life. The first generation is born in the south in late April. It slowly moves north, reproduces , and then dies. On the trip north,two more generations are born, reproduce, and die. Each of these generations of butterflies is born. This generation has a much longer life. It lives for about eight months. This generation of butterflies makes the amazing journey back to the winter home of its great-great-grandparents. The butterflies spend the winter there, and in the spring they reproduce and then die. Their offspring will be the first generation of the next circle of life.
Today, people are still studying the Monarch butterfly. But they are not clear about everything.
The question is: It took the scientist   _   to find out that monarch butterflies came from Canada.
The possible answers are:
A:20 years
B:four months
C:five weeks
D:eight monthsA kind of little cars may take the place of today's big ones many years later. If everyone drives such cars in the future, there will be less pollution in the air. There will also be more space for parking in cities, and the streets will be less crowded.
The little cars of the future will cost less. Driving will be safer, too, since these little cars can go only 65 kilometers an hour. The cars of the future will be fine for going around a city, but they will not be useful for a long way. Little cars will go 450 kilometers before they need to stop for more gasoline  . If big cars are still used with the small ones, two kinds of roads will be needed in the future. Some roads will be needed for the big, faster cars and other roads will be needed for the small, slower ones.
,.
The question is: Which of the following statements   is NOT true?
The possible answers are:
A:Big cars cost more.
B:Big cars are not useful for a long way.
C:The cars of the future will be smaller than today's cars.
D:Small cars are slower than big ones.Welcome to FrightCatalog.com!  We have the widest selection of outfits you'll need to make your holiday one to remember. Regardless of age, men's, women's and kids' outfits are always fun to wear. The outfits give you a chance to live a life outside of your own for one whole night.
At FrightCatalog.com, there are countless adult outfits and kids' disguises  for you to choose from. If you are looking for something frightening or scary, we have it. If you are looking for something cute or funny, we also have it. If you want to combine the two, go ahead, we have that, too. Our passion makes it impossible not to collect the best products, which is why we have made it our goal to collect so many outfits.
Before you buy, ask yourself a couple of questions. First, do you want a full-body outfit, or a multi-pieced one? Full-body ones can be more detailed, but a multi-pieced outfit will not get as hot inside, which can be either good or bad. Next, are you going with a group? There is nothing more impressive than seeing a group of people dressed in theme. Lastly, do you have a favorite movie? We have plenty of movie disguises for you to choose from, like Star Trek, Alice in Wonderland or Wizard of Oz.
With a selection as large as ours, even your dog can enjoy this especially hallow night. You can turn your friend into Spider-Man, superman and countless other choices. If you already have your outfit picked out for yourself, search for a dog outfit that will match your own. For example, you could be the robber and your dog could be the policeman, or go for a Batman and Robin combination. Whatever you do, let your dog have some fun, too.
Our outfits let you have your October 31st experience, so you get the most out of this frighteningly entertaining night of tricks and treats. Take your time and find the one that catches your attention.
The question is: Which festival are the outfits for?
The possible answers are:
A:Christmas
B:The Spring Festival
C:Halloween
D:CarnivalTeachers' Day is coming soon. Miss Wang is talking to her students and her students are listening to her.
"Good morning, boys and girls!"says Miss Wang,"Teachers' Day is on September l0th. I hear some students are going to buy some presents for your teachers. You want to show your love for your teachers. That is very good, of course. But teachers don't like to get presents from students. So please don't buy any! I think on Teachers' Day, a card from you all is enough . And the best present for our teachers is your good work. "
The question is: Miss Wang's    _    are listening to her.
The possible answers are:
A:friends
B:students
C:classmates
D:parentsEach year, the famous Oxford Dictionaries chooses its Word of the Year. The word is carefully chosen depending on how popular it is and how well it explains the year. However, this year they didn't actually choose a word at all. Instead, they chose a "face with tears  of joy" emoji  .
This was the world's most used emoji in 2015, according to research done by the Oxford University Press. It made up 20 percent of all emojis used in the UK and 17 percent of those used in the US.
Emojis started from Japan in the 1990s. Through the years, the simple, small pictures have changed the way people communicate online. According to New Yorker magazine, a survey in 2013 showed that 74 percent of people in the US and 82 percent in China had used emojis. About 6, 000,000,000 emoji pictures are flying around the world every day through messages. Although some worry that emojis will make people's language skills weak, fans say they are fun and help them express their feelings more easily.
"Emojis are no longer just for sending messages to teenagers. Instead, they have become a kind of expression, which can cross language barriers  ," Oxford Dictionaries said in a statement, explaining their uncommon choice. "Emoji culture has become so popular that emojis have their own way and stories."
Some even think emojis can take the place of words. Fred Benenson, an American data   engineer, translated American novel Moby Dick into Emoji Dick. The book has even been kept by the US Library of Congress  .
The question is: What is the best title for the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:The History of Emojis
B:How to Express Our Feelings
C:An Introduction to Oxford Dictionaries
D:A Popular Kind of Expression--EmojisMike lives in Zhengzhou of China. But he is from Canada. He is 12 years old this year. He speaks English. And he speaks Chinese a little. Mingming is his good friend. He is a Chinese boy. He often goes to the English Corner. He likes to speak English there. It helps him with English. Of course , he often helps Mike with Chinese. Mike has a pet at home. It is a dog. He likes it very much. _ . Mingming likes it, too. So he often plays with Wangwang in Mike's home.
The question is: Where is Mike from?
The possible answers are:
A:China
B:Canada
C:England
D:AmericaThe world itself is becoming much smaller by using modern traffic and modern communication. Life today is much easier than it was hundreds of years ago, but it has brought new problems. One of the biggest problems is pollution. To pollute means to make things dirty. Pollution comes in many ways. We see it, smell it, drink it and even eat it.
Man has been polluting the earth. The more people, the more pollution. Many years ago, the problems was not so serious because there were not so many people. When the land was used up or the river was dirty in one place, man moved to another place. But this is no longer true. Man is now slowly polluting the whole world.
Air pollution is still the most serious. It's bad for all living things in the world, but it is not the only one kind of pollution. Water pollution kills our fish and pollutes our drinking water. Noise pollution makes us angry more easily.
Many countries are making rules to fight pollution. They stop people from burning coal in houses and factories in the city, and from putting dirty smoke into the air. Pollution by SO2 is now the most dangerous kind of air pollutions. It is caused by heavy traffic. We are sure that if there are fewer people driving there will be less air pollution.
The earth is our home. We must take care of it. That means keeping the land, water and air clean. And we must take care of the rise in pollution at the same time.
:
The question is: Air pollution is the most serious kind of pollution because   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:it makes much noise
B:it makes us angry more easily
C:it makes our rivers and lakes dirty
D:it's bad for all living things in the world.Many people like to live in big cities, because there are a lot of interesting things to do and to see there. You can go to different kinds of museums, see plays and films. You can also buy things from all over the world.
But there are serious problems in big cities, too. It is expensive to live there. Every year many people move to the cities to find jobs, to study at good schools and to receive good medical care. But sometimes these people can't find jobs or good places to live. Also it is hard to keep the cities safe and clean.
Some people enjoy living in big cities. Others do not. Before people move to a big city, they should think about the problems of living there.
:1. serious adj.  2. medical care 3. hard adj. 
,.
The question is: Which of the following is RIGHT?
The possible answers are:
A:There are many interesting things to do and to see in big cities.
B:In big cities people can easily find good places to live.
C:People can easily find good jobs in big cities.
D:All people like to live in big cities.Lin Dehua, boy, 13
School should make our lunchtime longer. Now, our lunchtime is short. Many of my classmates have some homework to do after lunch . But if they do not get a good rest, they won't have enough energy for the afternoon. So I would like to have some time to take a nap  after lunch . That way we will learn well in the afternoon.
Zhang Huilin, girl,13
Food in our dining hall is not nice at all. There is always pork, fish, and cabbages. The soup is always cold. I think we should have different kinds of food every day. And why can't we have hot soup every day ? I am _ what we eat !
Zheng Chuyu, boy,14
We want more time for sports activities. Students all need time for ball games. But there are only two hours for us to play ball games a week. I think school should be over before 4.30 p.m. every day and then we can go to the playground. I like badminton. All work and no play makes Jack a dull  boy !
The question is: How long does Zheng Chuyu exercise at school every day on average  ?
The possible answers are:
A:Less than half an hour.
B:Two hours.
C:More than half an hour.
D:Half an hour.We do the shopping on Sundays . I often go to the supermarket with my mother on Sunday morning in a car . Father likes fruit very much. We buy some red apples for him. Mother likes yellow bananas , but they're green. "Look! The strawberries are very nice, mum. Do you like them?" I say to Mum. "Yes, I like strawberries very much . " Mother buys some for herself. The oranges are very nice. Mother buys some for me . I like orange very much.
We need some vegetables . The vegetables in the supermarket are very good . We buy some tomatoes, carrots and broccoli . I don't like broccoli, but my parents like it . I like carrots very much. We buy lots of carrots. After shopping , mother and I have some French fries, milk and ice cream. And then we go back home with the fruit and vegetables .
The question is: My parents like   _  , but I don't like it .
The possible answers are:
A:tomatoes
B:strawberries
C:carrots
D:broccoliThese days, more and more people begin to look after their health by exercising. What sport should we do then?
* Ping-pong
Wang Bing opened up a ping-pong room. He was very surprised that there were so many people coming on the first day of the new year. He added five more tables, but it still couldn't meet the need. "I am pleased to see so many people like playing ping-pong. It's a very good sport for health, " said Wang Bing.
* Basketball
Xia Wen works in a bookstore. He often goes to play basketball in the middle school near the bookstore. "Although the students are having their summer holidays, to my surprise, the playground is crowded with people," said Xia Wen.
Of course, there are some other sports that people can do to keep healthy. But it's certain that people who often exercise can work better.
The question is: There were too many people in the ping-pong room, so Wang Bing   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:added another five tables
B:bought five chairs
C:said ping-pong was good for health
D:was too surprised to do anythingThere are three photos of my good friends on my desk.
In the first photo you can see Jerry. He is a tall and cool boy with short and straight hair. He is the captain of our basketball team. He is very popular. All my classmates like him very much.
In the second photo, you can see the boy with glasses. His name is Jack. He is short and a little bit heavy. But he is very smart and funny. He often tells us funny stories and makes us happy.
In the third photo, you can see two girls. They are drinking water. The girl on the left is Lucy. She is a beautiful girl from London. She has long blond hair and big eyes. She can sing very well, and she can also speak a little Chinese. The girl on the right is Li Yun. She is a Chinese girl with beautiful black hair. She studies very hard. She says she wants to be a scientist when she grows up.
The question is: Which is right?
The possible answers are:
A:Jack is tall and cool.
B:Li Yun has long blond hair and big eyes.
C:Lucy wants to be a scientist.
D:Jack is smart and funny.Most people want to be happy, but few know how to find happiness. Money and success alone do not bring lasting happiness. Aristotle, a Greek thinker, said, "Happiness depends upon ourselves." In other words, we make our own happiness.
Here are a few suggestions to help you be happier.
The first secret of happiness is to enjoy the simple things in life. Too often, we spend so much time thinking about the future --for example, getting into college or getting a good job --that we fail to enjoy the present. You should enjoy life's simple pleasures, such as reading a good book, listening to your favorite music, or spending time with close friends. People who have several close friends often live happier and healthier lives.
Another secret to living a happy life is to be active, and have hobbies where you forget your problems and time. Many people experience this dancing, or playing a sport, such as swimming. You can forget about your problems, and only think about the activity.
Finally, many people find happiness in helping others. Studies show that people feel good when they spend their time helping others. If you want to feel happier, do good things for someone. You can help a friend with his or her studies, go shopping to buy food for an elderly person, or simply help out around the house by washing the dishes.
,
The question is: The passage gives us   _   pieces of advice on happiness.
The possible answers are:
A:one
B:two
C:three
D:fourA boy couldn't speak when he was 3 years old. A lot of people thought he was a foolish boy. When the boy was 9 years old, he could speak but he still couldn't speak well. His teacher didn't like him at all and his classmates laughed at him. He felt very sad, One day his father had a walk with him. They went to a wood and there were a lot of trees there. Then his father took him to two trees and said to him."Boy, this tree is sabal (,)and this tree is fir . Sabal grows very quickly at first but a few years later, it will stop growing, so the tallest Sabal can't reach ten meters. But the fir is different, it grows very slowly at first but it never stops growing so it can grow very tall."
Then his father took him to another fir. It was so tall, so strong. It can reach the sky. The father said to his son, "Son, you are the fir."The boy understood his father's words. The boy became a very great scientist. Do you know who he is? He is the world-famous scientist. His name is Einstein.
The question is: Is the sabal taller than the fir?
The possible answers are:
A:Yes, it is.
B:Yes, it does.
C:No, it isn't.
D:No, it doesn't.Most people have ambitions.An ambition is something we want to do,want to be or want to have.A student's ambition,for example,might be to pass his or her exams and then get a good job.An athlete's ambition could be to win an important competition.A businessman's ambition is usually to make a lot of money.
Not all ambitions are about success at work,however.Some people just want to be good people,have a family or help others.
Ben's ambition is to be a sports writer.He writes the sports reports for his class newspaper.He likes most sports,but swimming and football are his favourites.Trudy's ambition is to be a concert pianist.She is very serious about it and practises every day with her best friend Lily.It is very important to her.
Harry's ambition changes every day.One day he wants to be an astronaut .The next day he wants to be a pop singer.The next day he wants to drive a racing car.His mother would be happy if his ambition was to get up in time for school every day.
The question is: What does Harry's mother want him to do?
The possible answers are:
A:To be an astronaut.
B:To drive a racing car.
C:To get up in time for school every day.
D:To be a pianist.Reader's Digest is a monthly magazine. Before the 1980s, it belonged to a privately held company, which was started in 1922 by Lila Bell Wallace and Dewitt Wallace. This magazine is small and easy to carry, just half the size of most American magazines, which caused a phrase in 2005, "America in your pocket." It is the best selling magazine in the USA. At present, its circulation in the USA has reached 10 million copies and the number of the readers there is 38 million. It also has 40 million overseas readers in more than another 70 countries.
This magazines focus  is not news but more of cultural views because the editors think people now can get timely news from somewhere else. They hope this magazine can give readers something that is about special personal experiences, something the readers can share with their families. In different countries, this magazine provides a window to the world for the local  readers. Some parts of the magazine are about the local customs and interests of the local readers. The other parts give the local readers information from all over the world.
The question is: How many people all over the world read this magazine?
The possible answers are:
A:38 million
B:40 million.
C:78 million.
D:108 million.When I was about 12, I had an enemy  , a girl who liked to point out my shortcomings  . Week by week her list grew: I was very thin; I wasn't a good student; I talked too much;  I was too proud  , and so on. I tried to hear all these as long as I could. At last, I became very angry. I ran to my father with tears in my eyes.
He listened to me quietly. Then he asked, "Are the thing she said true or not? Janet, didn't you ever think about what you are really like? Well, you now have that girl's opinion. Go and make a list of everything she said and mark the points that are true. Pay no attention to the other things she said."
I did as he told me. To my great surprise, I discovered that about half the things were true. Some of them I couldn't change (like being very thin), but a good number I could --- and suddenly I wanted to change. For the first time I got a very clear picture of myself.
I brought the list back to Daddy. He wouldn't like to take it. "That is just for you," he said, "You know better than anyone else the truth about yourself. But you have to learn to listen, not just close your ears in anger and feeling hurt. When something said about you is true, you will find it will be of help to you. Our world is full of people who think they know your duty. Don't shut your ears. Listen to them all, but hear the truth and do the right thing."
Daddy's advice has returned to me at many important periods. In my life, I have never had a better piece of advice.
The question is: What did the father do after he had heard his daughter's complaint?
The possible answers are:
A:He told her not to pay any attention to what her "enemy" had said.
B:He criticized  her and told her to overcome   her shortcomings.
C:He told her to write down all that her "enemy" had said about her and pay attention only to the things that were true.
D:He wouldn't like to take the list and have a look at it.Mobile phones and the internet have improved our live in many ways. However, along with improvements, they have also brought a number of worrying problems.
Many car accident are caused by mobile phones. You can use many new mobile phones to get on the internet. This can be very convenient, but some drivers get on the internet while driving. Driving needs all our attention. By looking at their mobile phones and not at the road, these insensitive Drivers are a danger to us all.
Many of the dangers of the internet are well known. Children who visit websites without their parents' permission sometimes talk to older people they don't know and put themselves in great danger. People with blogs sometimes post embarrassing photographs of people they don't know on their websites without permission. There are also people who use the internet to get personal information that we do not want them to have.
Mobile Phone and Internet Safety Tips
If you need to use a mobile phone with you drive use a "hands-free" phone.
In difficult driving situations such as rain or snow, do not use your phone at all.
Do not make very important phone calls while driving. They take your attention off the road.
Tell your children not to talk with anyone they do not know on the internet.
In an embarrassing situation, pay attention to people around you. People will be shy about taking your picture if they know you're paying attention.
Refuse to give out any information personal information on the internet.
The question is: Which is the best title of the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:Internet Problems
B:Mobile Phone and Internet Dangerous
C:The Development of Mobile Phone and Internet
D:The Advantages of Mobile Phone and InternetHenry was from the United States and he had come to London for a holiday.
One day he was not feeling well.  So he was to the clerk at the desk of his hotel and said, "I want to see a doctor. Can you give me the name of a good one?"
The clerk looked in a book, and said, "Dr. Grey."
"Is he expensive?"
"Well," the clerk answered, "he always asks for his patients two pounds for their first visit to him, and 1.5 pounds for later visit."
Henry decided    to save 50 pence. When he went to see the doctor he said, "I've come again, doctor."
For a few seconds the doctor looked at his face carefully without saying anything. Then he nodded and said, "Oh, yes." He examined   him and then said, "Everything's going as it should do. Just continue  with the medicine   I gave you last time."
The question is: Henry tried to make the doctor believe that  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:he wasn't ill
B:It is the second time for him to go to his clinic .
C:he saw a friend of his
D:he wasn't feeling wellLost & Found
Lost:                                  Found: Schoolbag
My school ID card                     Is this your schoolbag?
Its number is 2007712                 It's black and white.
My name is Mary Brown.                 My name is Tony Green
Please call 6956385                   Phone: 2360731
Cindy,
Your red notebook is in the lost and found box.
Mike
The question is: Mary's phone number is   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:6956385
B:2007712
C:2360731
D:6596385April 20this Mary's fourteenth birthday. It is Saturday. She invites Kate, Helen, Jane, and Tom to her birthday party. Each of them brings a birthday present for her and says," Happy birthday, Mary" Mary's mother makes a big cake. It has fourteen candles on it. All says "How wonderful!" They have a lot of ice-cream, too.
After finishing the ice-cream and cake, Kate plays the piano. How well she plays! Then they sing and play games. Mary is very happy. Everybody looks happy.
The question is: How many days in April?
The possible answers are:
A:thirty
B:twenty-nine
C:thirty-one
D:fourteenWhen Mr. Jones went to a restaurant one day, he left his coat near the door. There was nothing in the pockets of the coat when he left it, so he was very surprised when he took his coat after his meal and found the pockets full of jewelry .There was a waiter near the door, so Mr. Jones said to him, "Somebody has made a mistake. He has put some jewelry in my coat. Take it, and when he comes back, give it to him." The waiter took it and went away. Suddenly another man came in with a coat just like Mr. Jones's. "I'm sorry ",said this man. "but I made a mistake. I mistook your coat and you have got mine. Please give me my coat and jewelry ."Mr. Jones answered, "I gave the jewelry to the waiter. He will give it to you." Mr. Jones called the manager of the restaurant at once, but the manager said, "We have no waiter here. We only have waitresses." "You gave the jewelry to a thief !" Shouted the other man. "I shall call the police!" Mr. Jones was frightened and paid the man a lot of money for the jewelry.
The question is: Which of the following is the best title for the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:We have no waiters here.
B:Mr. Jones.
C:Jewelry in Mr. Jones' coat.
D:A clever waiter.I lost my red schoolbag in our library.  My key is in it.  I must find it.  Please call me at 6755321.
Thank you.
Jason, Class 332
Brandy found a white watch under a desk in his classroom.  Is it yours? Please ask Mr.  Hanson for it.
His telephone number is 8974588.
Class 213
Alan, your baseball is on the table of our computer room.  We found it under the bookcase.  Please call
2315649 to get it.
Computer Room
Where is my pencil box? It's green. A black pen and an ID card are in it.  I'm in Class 234.  My phone number is 3541679.  Please call me.
Robert
The question is: _  lost a pencil box.
The possible answers are:
A:Jason
B:Brandy
C:Alan
D:RobertThe computer is important and can help us do a lot of things. Lots of children spend too much time on the computer. It's bad for their study. Here is some advice  for the parents.
*Move the computer out of the child's bedroom. It is good for children to reduce   the time to use the computer.
* _ for the computer. If your child wants to use it, he/she should get your permission  .
*If your child uses the Internet for studying. He / She doesn't use it to play games, praise   him/her for that.
*When your child wants to use the computer to play games, you can take her/him to the library, get her/him together with friends to play sport.
The question is: This passage is writing to   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:students
B:teachers
C:parents
D:workersDo you have any friends from other countries? Do you know what they are like?
The Germans   are very quiet and they don't get excited easily. They don't want to say more words. They look serious  , but they like all kinds of amusements  . They work hard and like tidiness. Most German women like to keep their houses clean.
In some ways, the English look the same as the Germans. They are also quiet and never talk too much with others. They are really polite, so we often hear "Thank you." or "Sorry." from them.
The French have long holidays. They like travelling and usually spend their long time in other countries. The French are more outgoing   than the Germans. It is very easy to make friends with them.
Compared  to (......) the French, the Americans are more outgoing. And they are even opener. They don't like to depend on   others. So it is very popular that students do part-time jobs. In Americans' eyes, working and success are important.
The question is: Which is the best title of the article?
The possible answers are:
A:Different people's hobbies.
B:Who are more outgoing?
C:Characteristics   of the people in different countries.
D:Working hard is an important part in people's life.A young American doctor is asleep when his doorbell rings. It is late at night, but he has to put on his coat to answer it.
It is a man! He is standing with a hat in his hand. "How do you do?" says the man.
"Can you go with me now to a place out of the town? It is quite far from here, but I know you have a car and I can show you the way."
"Certainly," says the doctor, "I can go with you now."
The car is at the front door. The man gets into the doctor's car and they drive off.
They drive for a long time, and finally the man says, "Here we are. This is my home. Now I give you money and you may go back."
"But I must see the patient ," the doctor says. "How can I go back without seeing the patient?"
"There's no patient," says the man, "nobody is ill. I live here. There is no taxi at this time, but a doctor often goes out for night calls . So, excuse me. Here is your money. Thank you, doctor. Good night!"
The question is: At the end of the story, the doctor knows   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:there are many patients
B:there is no patient at all.
C:the man is ill
D:there is something wrong with the manStudents are leaving the junior high school . What are they taking with them ? A lot of things for sure , but the most important thing is friends .
We asked some teachers to give us one last lesson . The lesson is proverbs(, ) about friends . Proverbs teach people about life . Older people often teach proverbs to younger people . Every culture has proverbs . They are short and easy to remember .
Mrs Minelli says , " It is important to remember this Sicilian proverb , ' Only your real friends will tell you when your face is dirty .' It means that only good friends tell you when you are making a mistake ."
Mr Tulga says , " I have a favorite proverb about friends , ' Friendship is a plant we must water .' It is German . It means that everyone needs to take care of friendship like we take care of a garden ."
Mr Tulga says , "My grandfather in Turkey told me , 'Nobody is so rich that he can throw away a friend .' It means that everyone needs friends . Be good to them ."
The good news is :there is no test for this lesson ,. The bad news is :We will miss you .
Goodbye , friends ! Don't forget us !
The question is: Which is the best proverb to the meaning "Take care of friendship like we take care of a garden"?
The possible answers are:
A:A friend is easier lost than found.
B:Friendship is a plant we must water
C:Nobody is so rich that he can throw away a friend .
D:Only your real friends will tell you when your face is dirty.Smile, how warm the world is! It can make anyone happy. It's not like anything else, but just warm, makes you feel warm.
Mother's smile is like a spring wind. It's so _ When you are sad, it can make you happy again. When you fail to do something, it can make you stand up and work hard again. When you give up  doing something, it can make you try your best again.
Smile, so easy, but so useful as well. Let's learn to smile. Everyone needs others' smile. When we give others a smile, we will feel happy, too. And maybe next time, when you need a smile, the others will give it to you.
Let's learn to smile often, I think it can even make the whole world warm. Living with a smile, _ .
The question is: With the sentence "every day will be sunshine", the writer wants to tell us  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:we can be good at our lesson every day.
B:we can do everything well every day.
C:we can meet good friends every day.
D:we can live happily every day.Reading is a good hobby for all kinds of reasons. First , reading is fun. You can always keep yourself happy if like reading. You will never feel bored or tired. Next, you can read a book anywhere----in a car, on a plane, or even in the bathroom. All you need is a book! Another good reason for reading is that it is useful. If you read as a hobby, you will get better and better at it. And you will read faster and find it easier to understand what you read. As your reading skills improve, you will probably find your schoolwork becomes much better.
Some people say that reading is out of date  . This is not true. You can read on computers, and the better you read, the better your computer skills will be. Good readers may become writers, too. They always have more things to write about.
Reading is a wonderful hobby. Why not start reading ri ght now?
The question is: It is   _   that reading is out of date.
The possible answers are:
A:not true
B:true
C:sure
D:easyMy name is Jenny . I have a sister and a brother, Rose and Paul. We like apples very much. Rose and I like hamburgers. But I don't like salad. Paul doesn't like broccoli. But Rose does. My parents like tomatoes and French fries.
The question is: _   doesn't like salad.
The possible answers are:
A:My sister
B:My brother
C:My father
D:JennyAudrey Hepburn won an Academy Award as Best Actress for her first major American movie, Roman Holiday, which was showed in 1953. But she is remembered as much for her help as for her acting.
Born in Belgium in 1929, Audrey's father was British and her mother was Dutch. Audrey was sent to live at a British school for part of her childhood. During World war II, she lived and studied in the Netherlands. Her mother thought it would be safe from German attacks. Audrey studied dance as a teenager and during college. But when she returned to London after the war she realized she wasn't going to be a ballet dancer. So she began taking acting parts in stage shows. Later she began to get small parts in movies.
But it was Audrey Hepburn's move to America that made her truly famous. In 1951 she played the character "Gigi" in the Broadway play Gigi and won popular praise. Two years later, Roman Holiday made her a star at the age of 24.
Audrey made more than 25 movies. Among her most popular roles was "Hoolly Golinghtly" in Breakfast at Tiffany's in 1961. Three years later she played "Eliza Doolittle" in My Fair Lady. She was married twice. In 1989, the UN Children's Fund named Audrey a goodwill ambassador. She travelled all over the world in support of UNICEF  projects. The UN agency said she was a tireless worker. She often gave 15 interviews a day to raise money and get support for UNICEF projects.
Audrey Hepburn often said her love to UNICEF was the result of her experiences as a child during World War II. She said she knew what it was like to be hungry and to be saved by international help. She was a goodwill ambassador until her death in 1993 from cancer.
The question is: What made Audrey work so hard to support UNICEF?
The possible answers are:
A:Her parents' wish.
B:Her love to children.
C:Her wish to be famous.
D:Her own early experiences.Jane was not a good student. Her head was in the clouds  most of the time. She wanted to listen in class, but other things seemed more important: her clothes, her hairstyle, films and television. Many times she tried to work hard at her lessons, but soon she became absent-minded.
One day, her math teacher gave the class an important lesson and told her students that there would be a test the next week. She helped them review all the week. Jane seemed to listen in class, but her mind went away again.
The day of the test arrived. Jane couldn't answer many of the questions on the exam. Mike, a very hard-working student, sat next to Jane. So Jane decided to copy his. Mike was very angry when he found Jane was copying his answers. He changed all his answers so that they were not right. Before the bell rang, Mike quickly changed his answers back into right ones. After the test, Mike turned to Jane and said, " All those answers you copied from my paper are wrong."
The question is: Which of the following is right?
The possible answers are:
A:Jane copied the wrong answers.
B:Mike couldn't answer the questions
C:Jane sat before Mike.
D:Jane tried her best in the exam.Yucai Middle School will have a School Day on Friday.Students don't need to have any classes.Instead,they are going to do a lot of things for fun.Here is a poster for it.
The most wonderful game of the year
Meet our school basketball stars
Basketball Court 3:00 p.m.-- 5:00 p.m.
Tel:375 -- 7682
 Water Sports
It's really cool!
Xingsha Beach The whole afternoon
Tel:375 -- 7442
Talent Show
Are you good at singing,dancing,acting or playing the guitar?
Come and show yourself!
Music Hall 7:00 p.m.-- 9:00 p.m.
Tel:375 -- 9876
Chess is fun!
Different kinds of chess
Who will win at last?
Chess Club  8:00 a.m.-- 10:30 a.m.1:00 p.m.-- 3:30 p.m.
Tel:375 -- 7465
For further information,please call the school office.Just do it! Enjoy yourself!
The question is: If you are good at singing and dancing,you should call at   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:375-7682
B:375-7442
C:375-9876
D:375-7465What do you usually do in your free time? Play sports? Watch TV? How about reading books? You must know the Chinese saying: " _ " .Books are important in our life. Reading books is good for us. It can help us know and understand the world better. It can help us get a lot of knowledge . It brings us a new and different world that we have never been before. Almost all the great men like reading, like Chairman Mao and Madame Curie.
In a word, books are treasure  and we must love them. But before you read, remember to choose a good one. Ask your parents or teachers about what books to read. Be sure you are interested in them. There are many different kinds of books. I like biography  because I can learn something from the characters .
What about you? Young friends. Please love books and read them. They are very helpful to you.
The question is: Which of the following is TRUE?
The possible answers are:
A:Madame Curie doesn't like reading at all.
B:We shouldn't ask teachers about what books to read.
C:Reading books can give us little knowledge.
D:We have to choose a good book before we start to read.When we say the way of life. it means culture. It is the way people do things, for example, culture of eating. Festivals and holidays are also part of culture. Let's have a look at the American way of life.
Fast food
Fast food is so popular in America. Every street in America has a fast food restaurant. You can find McDonald's, Burger King, Taco Bell, Papa Johns, Pizza Hut, Dominoes, 1Hop, Dennys and so on. McDonald's is the most popular place to go to.
Greetings
Americans shake hands with each other when they are first introduced or when they meet again. Social kissing with a hug is also common between men and women who know each other well and among women. American men hardly hug or kiss each other.
Family
A family here _ a pet. Most families have a dog. It is a good friend in the house and it is part of the family. For some, it is even considered as one of their children.
Sports
Americans love sports. Soccer, baseball and basketball are the most famous sports here. Most of them like wrestling too, if you would consider that a sport.
The question is: How many names of fast food restaurants can you find from the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:Six.
B:Seven.
C:Eight.
D:Nine.One midnight, a little girl woke up to pass water. She by herself got up and down her bed, walked to the bedroom door and opened it. She looked outside and walked back, for it was so dark in the hall that she feared.
Her mother said, "Don't be afraid, honey. Take courage!"
"What's courage?" she asked, running to her mother's bed.
"Courage is the brave breath," her mother answered.
"Mum, do you have courage?"
"Certainly."
The girl held out her little hands, saying, "Mum, blow some of your breath of courage to me."
After her mother blew out two mouthfuls of breath into her little cold hands, the little girl clenched her fists  nervously, afraid that the "breath of courage" would run away. Then with her fists clenched, she walked out of the bedroom towards the bathroom with nothing to fear.
Her mother said to herself, "It will be nice if someone can blow some kind of 'breath' to me. Then I can hold it in my hands too when I feel terrified or lost."
In fact, mostly, what we are terrified of is nothing but the fear in our mind. Who we should defeat  is nobody but ourselves.
The question is: The writer mainly wants to tell us that   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:adults are always brave enough
B:children learn to be brave quickly
C:the fear in one's mind is the real problem
D:the mother can deal with anything with breathThe first ever trans-Atlantic telephone call was made from New York City to London in 1927. In keeping with this spirit, we'd like to tell you some of our other communication records:
* Most spammed person 
Microsoft chairman William H.Gates III(the U.S.A.)receives up to four million spams each day. However, with the help of all the people who are working in Microsoft and anti-spam technology, only around ten spares reach his inbox per day.
* Earliest e-mail
In l971,Ray Tomlinson,an engineer at the computer company, and Newman in Cambridge, Massachusetts, the U.S.A. sent the first e-mail.At first it was an experiment to see if he could get two computers to exchange a message.(It was Ray who decided to use the @ symbol to separate the other's name from their location. The first e-mail message was "QWERTYUIOP")
* Largest LAN party
The largest LAN(Local Area Network)party was made up of 8531 unique computers and 9184 members in Sweden from 30 November to 2 December 2006.
* Most telephone books torsi in three minutes
Tina Shelton tore 21 telephone books at last, each with l028 numbered pages in a time of three minutes in California, the U.S.A. on 9 February 2007.
The question is: Ray who decided to use   _  to separate the other's name from their location.
The possible answers are:
A:exchange a message
B:"QWERTYUIOP"
C:the @ symbol
D:an experimentThe airport   in Boswell is twenty-one miles from the city. The banks  and business offices  are in the center of the city.
Read these notes from the diary by Mr. Reg Simpson:
March 2004
15 MON   Group of 35 French students visiting Boswell -- want cheap holiday
16 TUES  Mr. and Mrs. J. Grant arriving   from Paris -- only stay a night at Boswell -- leaving early on the 18thby air
17 WED   Mr. Nagashima, Tokyo, arriving for a two-day business trip
18 THUR  65 Russian students need two days in a cheap hotel
19 FRI    have a group meeting about how to attract  travelers   from Asia 
20 SAT    Mr. and Mrs. Johnson, from Washington D.C., arriving by air
21 SUN    Dinner with Bella at King Garden and watch King Kong at 9:00 p.m.
22 MON   Mr. and Mrs. F. Ray, need cheap hotels for two days
The question is: Who can Bella most probably   be ?
The possible answers are:
A:Mr. Reg's client  .
B:His mother.
C:His girlfriend.
D:A stranger.There are many kinds of tigers in the world. The largest tiger is Northeast Tiger. Most Northeast Tigers live in the northeast of China, like Heilongjiang Province  and Jilin Province. Because there are many forests, the tigers usually like living there. In the forest, there are not many people getting out and coming in. So the tigers are very free. They can _ each other and eat some small animals.
The Northeast Tigers are different from other tigers. The Northeast Tigers can swim very well, but can't climb the trees. They can hear very well.
The number of  the tigers is smaller and smaller, we should try our best to protect  the tigers.
The question is: From the passage, we can know that the Northeast Tigers   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:can't hear very well
B:only live in the northeast of China
C:are good at swimming and climbing trees
D:aren't the same as other tigers and can't climb treesWorking on a team is a good thing. But it can bring you some troubles. If people on your team are not good at communicating, you may often feel terrible. To create a successful team, good communication is the most necessary part for both team members and the leader. The following are some helpful suggestions.
Don't criticize other people. When someone on your team does something wrong, don't criticize him. You can help him to find out reasons and then help him to solve the problem. Criticizing your team members too often may make them keep away from you. As a result, you may feel lonely.
Think about other people's ideas carefully. When someone tells you about his ideas, you should think about them carefully, no matter how silly they may seem. This shows you are interested in his ideas and makes him feel good.
Listen to other people actively. When someone is speaking to you, you need to listen to him actively. If you're unclear about something, you should ask him about it. By doing this you can clear up any confusion  before moving on.
Share your ideas with other people. When you have a new idea, talk about it with your team members. This helps to improve the idea. Besides this, it also helps to improve your relationships between you and your team members.
The question is: If Lisa tells you about her idea, but you think her idea is foolish, you should  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:get angry and criticize her
B:think about her idea carefully
C:explain to her why her idea is silly
D:forget her silly idea and laugh at herI am an American student. My name is Vicky King. I have a big family. I have two brothers. They and I are in the same school. My grandma and grandpa live with us. They are my father's parents.
My father is from England, but my mother's hometown is at the foot of the Great Wall of China. My brothers and I were all born in New York. Because my father works in a school in New York. He teaches English.
People often ask us, "What do you like eating?" It is not easy to answer this question! Well, let me tell you.
My grandpa has been to India, so he likes Indian food. My father likes hot dogs, potato chips and hamburgers. My mother likes rice, noodles and dumplings. She often does very nice Chinese food for us. So my brothers and I like Chinese food a lot but English food a little. We don't like Indian food at all.
The question is: This is a family of  _
The possible answers are:
A:three
B:five
C:six
D:sevenThe best way of learning a language is using it. The best way of learning English is talking in English as much as possible. Sometimes you'll get your words mixed up  and people will not understand you. Sometimes people will say things too quickly and you can't understand them. But if you keep your sense of humor , you can always have a good laugh at your mistakes you make. Don't be unhappy if people seem to be laughing at your mistakes. It's better for people to laugh at your mistakes than to be angry with you, because they don't understand what you are saying. The most important things for learning English is: "Don't be afraid of making mistakes because everyone makes mistakes ."
The question is: What should you do in learning English?
The possible answers are:
A:We should be careful not to make any mistakes.
B:We should write as quickly as we can.
C:We should speak English as much as we can.
D:we should laugh more often.It is very normal for people to compare themselves with others. Everyone does it, but it is important to remember that no one is perfect. Other people may look confident, but everyone feels insecure  once in a while, even the famous people like Yao Ming. When he was young, he probably felt insecure about being too tall! Other kids in his class probably laughed at him because he was different, although I don't know if I would have laughed at Yao Ming since he is so much bigger than me! Now, Yao Ming is rich and successful because of his height.
When I was young, I had a friend named Annie. Everyone used to call her "toothpick" because they thought she was too thin. Now, everyone is jealous  of her because she is thin and beautiful, and they have to always exercise to keep from getting fat. What makes you feel insecure and different may actually be a gift and help you in life. We should celebrate what makes us special and not be afraid to stand out in the crowd.
The question is: WhenYao Ming was young, other children in his class might  _  him because of his height.
The possible answers are:
A:rely on
B:laugh at
C:be proud of
D:be jealous ofMr. White's family decided to repair their house. Mr. White bought the house two and a half years ago. Since his kids were growing up, he and his wife wanted to make some changes to the house.
They decided to knock down their living room wall to open up the space. When the wooden walls were moved, they were shocked to find a lizard   stuck in the small space between the walls. The lizard's foot was stuck by a nail   which was knocked into the wall from the other side several months ago. However, they wondered how the lizard had _ so long without moving from that place.
The family decided to wait for a while and see how the lizard survived several months without moving. While they were doing other things, they kept an eye on the lizard. The son, Ray, suddenly shouted, "Dad, look here!"
Another lizard appeared, carrying food to the stuck lizard's mouth. That was a real surprise! Everyone was touched that the lizard fed the other one for all this time.
Both lizards had never-ending hope for each other and carried their hearts with love and care. Why can't we humans always carry that kind of love in our hearts? Life is full of all kinds of difficulties. What we can do is to give our hand to the one in need and share our love. Sharing is caring.
The question is: What does the story mainly tell us?
The possible answers are:
A:Learn to trust your friends.
B:Lizards can live without food.
C:Try to give love to people around us.
D:Animals are friendlier than humans.Huang Naihui was born in 1964 in Taipei. When he was a child, he had a very high fever, which made him partially paralyzed.
His parents were afraid that he would bring bad luck to the family and abandoned him. But his grandmother brought him up. It was at the age of 13 that he went to school. At the age of 22, he would study and work part-time. He would sell flowers during the day and attend classes at night. During his spare time he would study. The learning made him very happy.
He used his knowledge very well in his business of selling flowers. He would go door to door selling flowers during the day. He would sell flowers at pubs and night clubs at night. At times, in order to sell, he had to sing. He was often tricked. However, he would face the next customer with a smile. His grandmother passed away when he was 24. It was the darkest day of his life.
Today Huang Naihui owns 3 flower shops and employs disabled people to work for him. He would spend his spare time doing charity work. His book Facing the sun and his story have encouraged many people.
,.
The question is: What made him sad most?
The possible answers are:
A:His tiredness.
B:His failure.
C:His grandmother's death.
D:His illness.I'm Bessy. I began to learn English in Grade 6,not like most of my friends who have been learning English since kindergarten( ) or at least in Grade 3.I fell in love with this foreigner language at once. As an old saying goes, "Interest is the best teacher." I began to be crazy about English. I learned words and grammar, made sentences, wrote essays and read English storybo oks as many as I could.
Some of my friends find it easy to forget the words they learned the other day. So do I! You can't remember words well without using them often. So you should turn to a dictionary for help when you meet new words and want to know their other meanings and usages. Then make your own sentences from time to time.Another way to keep new words in mind is reading articles. You can easily remember new words through _ 
As for spoken English, I'm lucky to have some foreign friends. So I have more chances to improve my spoken English. If you want to communicate with foreigners, don't be shy, and just practice with anyone who knows English.
The question is: Which way of memorizing English words is NOT mentioned?
The possible answers are:
A:Turning to a dictionary
B:Making word cards
C:Making sentences
D:Reading articlesOnce a circle lost a piece of its own. The circle wanted to be whole, so it went around looking for its missing piece. But because it was incomplete ,it could only roll  very slowly. It enjoyed the flowers and the sunshine along the way. It talked with insects . It found lots of different pieces, but none of them fitted. So it left them all by the side of the road and kept on looking for the missing piece. Then one day the circle found a piece that fitted perfectly, it put the missing piece into itself. It could be whole, with nothing missing. It was so happy and began to roll. Now that it was a perfect circle, it could roll very fast, too fast to see flowers or talk to insects. It realized how different the world was when it rolled so quickly. It felt so sad that it stopped, left the piece it found by the side of the road and rolled away slowly.
Sometimes, we are perfect when we lose something. A man who has everything is a poor man in some ways. He will never have hopes, dreams or something better.
We couldn't be perfect, but we must be brave enough to love, kind enough to share happiness with others and clever enough to know there is enough love around us.
The question is: why did the circle stop when it rolled quickly?
The possible answers are:
A:Because it found a different world
B:Because it wanted to look for a better piece
C:Because it wanted to enjoy the world as before
D:Because it felt tired.There are 5 channels on British television and each channel has several news programs all day long. Some programs are only for 3 minutes but some are one hour long. The people who read the news are called news presenters and because they appear on television every day, they are very famous.
This is a popular news presenter in England called Trevor McDonald, in the news studio. He presents a program called "News at Ten"every Monday to Friday evenings.
Another popular news presenter is Kirsty Young. She has a more modern style of reading the news, as you can see, she sits on the desk not on a chair!
Television news presenters need to have worked as journalists because they have to write most of the news that they read. Sometimes an important new event happens after the program has started, so the presenter has to be able to read something without looking at it first. They must always keep calm even when there are many changes during the program. At the end of "News at Ten"Trevor McDonald says "And finally...". Then he reads an unusual or interesting item. It's a famous saying in England now.
The question is: Which is the best title of this passage?
The possible answers are:
A:Television News
B:Trevor McDonald
C:Evening News
D:News at TenIf you want to become a better reader, here are four important points to remember about rate or speed of reading:
First, knowing why you are reading and what you are reading to find out will often help you to know whether to read rapidly or slowly.
Second, some things should be read slowly. Examples are directions for making or doing something; arithmetic problems, science and history books. They are full of important information. You must read such things slowly to remember each important step and understand each idea.
Third, some things should be read rapidly. Examples are simple stories for enjoyment, news, letters from friends, items or bits of news from local or hometown paper, telling what is happening to friends and neighbors.
Fourth, in some of your readings, you must change your speed from fast to slow, and slow to fast, as you read. You'll need to read certain pages rapidly and then slow down and do more careful reading when you come to important ideas which should be remembered.
The question is: _  should be read slowly.
The possible answers are:
A:Novels
B:Letters
C:Some things full of important information
D:Newspapers and magazinesIT'S a scene in many homes around the world: tired-eyed teens wake to the sound of their alarm clock. Another school day begins, and we all wish we could have just one extra hour of sleep.
For lucky high school students in England, they're now going to reset their alarm and get an extra hour of sleep. Instead of starting school at 9 am, students will begin the academic day at 10 am.
This is part of a huge study by Oxford University. The experiment will see whether later classes can improve exam results.
More than 100 schools across England will join the four-year experiment, which includes tens of thousands of students. It is based on(...) scientific evidence(; )that teenagers are out of step with traditional school hours.
"We know that something funny happens when you're a teenager," lead sleep researcher Colin Epsie told The Telegraph. "Your parents think it's because you're lazy and everything would be OK if you could get to sleep earlier. But science is telling us that teenagers need to sleep more in the mornings."
A similar experiment in 2009 saw an improvement of 19 percent in exam scores for major subjects - such as math and science.
Teenagers' sleep cycles, on average, begin two hours after adults. Neuroscientists   say teens have a built-in clock, which makes them more likely to go to sleep around midnight. As well as not feeling fully awake until between 9 am and 10 am. This body clock stays until the age of 19 for females and 21 for males.
Schools are places for learning, as well as education laboratories - finding out the best ways to learn and increase knowledge. Yet we'll have to wait until 2018 to find out these exciting results!
The question is: England high school students usually start school   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:at 7 am
B:at 8 am
C:at 9 am
D:at 10 amHave you ever been stuck  for hours on a hard math problem? If you sat there for some time you might eventually solve it, but scientists say that daydreaming might be a much better way to tackle  difficult tasks.
In fact, daydreaming has long been misunderstood. It's considered to be a bad thing and often associated with laziness. "We're harsh  on ourselves if we catch ourselves mind wandering," says Professor Kalina Christoff from the University of British Columbia in Canada.
But the truth is that some of the most important scientific discoveries came about because scientists allowed their minds to wander. For example, Albert Einstein began his theory of relativity  when he daydreamed about riding a beam  of sunlight to the edge of the universe. And now, research has shown that normal people can also improve their problems solving ability in the same way, reported The Telegraph.
In a study, 145 people aged between 19 and 32 were asked to list as many unusual uses as possible for everyday objects. Some of them were given a 12-minute break while the others were not allowed any break from the task. People on the break did not simply relax--some of them were told to carry out a tiring memory task while others did an easier task.
Scientists found that people who did the easier task were daydreaming a lot. They thought about personal issues in the past or in the future because their mind was at ease.
After the break, all participants were asked to return once again to the task of listing unusual uses for everyday objects. It was found that daydreamers improved their performance by 40 percent, while all the other people, including those who didn't have a break and who did tiring tasks during the break, performed the same as before.
"People think that when the mind wanders away, it just gets turned off--but we show the opposite," explained Christoff."A more playful attitude might allow you to call in more resources ." So when you are struggling to solve complicated problems, it might be better off if you switch to a simpler task and let your mind wander for a while, she suggested.
According to Christoff, people typically spend one-third of their waking time daydreaming. "It's a big part of our lives, but it's been largely ignored  by science."
The question is: . How did the scientists get their conclusion?
The possible answers are:
A:By studying brain scan results of the groups.
B:By comparing the performances of different groups.
C:By asking and observing people in different groups.
D:By analyzing the amount of tasks each participant did.Helping your children to read and write at home will improve your children's skills and confidence -- it will also make them learn better in the classroom environment.
Reading and writing skills are needed by every child in every subject in every year of their school life and outside school. As parents, you can play an important role in improving your children's literacy   by practicing reading, writing, spelling and speaking with them outside school.
By listening, asking questions, giving information, and reading with your children outside school -- you can make a difference. Students who improve their reading and writing will increase their vocabulary and their ability to use English correctly.
Here's some advice on how to help your children to read, write and spell:
* reading aloud each night
* letting children take part in everyday conversations
* listening to your children read
* reading your children's writing
* using a dictionary
* encouraging your children to talk about funny things
* trying not to ask questions that require "yes" or "no" answers
* Practicing reading and writing by filling in forms, writing letters, sending cards or e-mails.
,.
The question is: _  is NOT mentioned in the passage.
The possible answers are:
A:Reading aloud each night
B:Joining an English club
C:Practicing children's speaking
D:Using a dictionaryOnce there lived an old man in a mountain village. He was a famous hunter. He often went hunting alone in the mountains. He was not afraid of any wild animals, not even a tiger.
One night, someone saw a tiger come into the village, and stole two sheep away. The next night the tiger came again. The villagers were frightened. They asked the old hunter to catch it so that they could have a safe life.
When the old man heard about the tiger, he thought hard. He wondered why the tiger came at night twice but only stole the sheep. The next night he walked outside the village. Suddenly he saw the tiger coming. He quickly threw himself on the ground. To his surprise, the tiger did not come at him, but went away. He followed it quietly and found it was running on two of its feet just like a man. Then everything was clear.
On the fourth day, when it got dark, the hunter took some animal skins with him and hid himself behind a big tree near the village. He was waiting for the "tiger". As soon as the "tiger" came near the tree, the old hunter jumped out, caught the "tiger" by the "leg" and said, "Don't be afraid. I do not mean to hurt you. You know who I am, don't you?"
The "tiger" said "Yes" and took off the tiger's skin.
"You are poor. But you mustn't steal anything from others. Here are some animal skins for you. You may sell them at the market. With the money, you can buy food and clothes for your family. Work harder and try to make a living. " With tears in his eyes, the poor man thanked the kind-hearted old hunter and walked home.
The question is: What did the old hunter do when he first saw the tiger?
The possible answers are:
A:He was frightened.
B:He threw himself on the ground.
C:He ran away.
D:He hid himself behind a tree.In Britain, children go to school from Monday to Friday. School usually starts nine o'clock in the morning and finishes at about three o'clock in the afternoon. Most schools ask their students to wear a school uniform.
School always starts with registration. What is registration? Every child going to school each morning and afternoon is recorded  in a special book. The teacher reads out each child's name in turn. On hearing his/her name, the child makes a reply  and the teacher writes in the book. From the book, you can see whether  the child is in school or not.
At 9:10, children go to the meeting place. There they sing songs, listen to a story and pray .
The first lesson begins at 9:20. They have break time from 10:20 to 10:35. During break time, the children have a snack and play games outdoors. After that, they go back in for another lesson until lunch at 12:00. Afternoon lessons begin at 1:10 and end at 3:15, and children go home. They don't have a break in the afternoon.
The question is: Which of the following is true?
The possible answers are:
A:In Britain, most students live at school at night.
B:Students in Britain mustn't call their teacher's names.
C:Students in Britain go to school before nine every morning.
D:Students in Britain have a long break between the afternoon lessons.Mr. White was over 80 years old, but he looked younger than his age. He played Tai Chi in the park every day, so he was very healthy. It was 11:30. It was time for him to walk home. He usually got home thirty minutes later. One day, Mr. White didn't get home until 12:30. His family worried about him. After a short while, a police car stopped in front of their house. What happened? "The old man was lost and he called us for help," the policeman said.
When the policeman left, Mr. White's daughter asked her father, "Dad, you go to the park every day. How can you be lost?" "I'm not lost at all. I'm just tired. I don't want to go home on foot," answered Mr. White with a smile.
The question is: Which following is NOT true?
The possible answers are:
A:Mr. White was very healthy.
B:Mr. White usually got home at about 12:00.
C:Mr. White was lost when he was on his way home.
D:The policemen sent Mr. White back home.From the time we were babies we have been taught manners. We are taught how to hold a knife and fork and not to talk with our mouths full. We are taught how to shake hands and when to stand and when to sit and the way to introduce people.
Sometimes good manners in one place are very bad manners somewhere else. Almost everywhere eating together means that people are very friendly to each other. But in parts of Polynesia it is bad manners to be seen eating beside each other. So they politely turn their backs to each other when they are taking food.
Some East Africans spit four times as a kind of blessing .They do it to show that they want a sick person to get well,or to bless a new-born baby. In most other places,spitting means something completely different. It usually shows an unhealthy habit. In many countries,it may mean that you hate someone.
When we go to visit someone we say " Hello!" Or " How are you ? " or things like that.
But if you are visiting an East African village , everyone will be very careful not to pay attention to you, The polite thing there will be for you to go quietly,without speaking to anyone, and sit beside your friend. You should wait until he has finished what he is doing and then he will begin talking to you.
In a village in Arab , a visitor will walk behind all the tents until he gets to the one he wants to visit. If he passes in front , he will be invited into each tent and asked to eat. It is rude to refuse.
The question is: If you visit an East African village , you  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:should say "Hello"or "How are you?"to others
B:should talk to the villagers quietly
C:should be very careful and not to pay any attention to others
D:must wait until your friend has finished his work and then begin to talk to himOne evening Tim is driving his car in the country and looking for a hotel. Then he sees an old man on the side of the road, so he stops his car and says to the old man, "Where is Sun Hotel? Will you please tell me how to get there?" "Yes," the old man answers. "I'll show you the way." He gets into Tim's car, and they drive for about 12 kilometres. When they come to a small house, the old man says, "Stop here." Tim stops and looks at the house. And he says to the old man, "But this isn't a hotel." "No," the old man answers. "This is my house. And now I'll show you the way to Sun Hotel. Turn back and go 9 kilometres. Then you'll see the hotel on your left. "
The question is: Tim wants to stay   _   for the night.
The possible answers are:
A:in his car
B:in the old man's house
C:in the hotel
D:in the streetIf you look at the sky one night and see something moving and shining that you have never seen before, it might be a comet  .
A comet sometimes looks like a star. Like a planet, a comet has no light of its own. It shines from the sunlight it reflects  . Like the earth a comet goes around the sun, but on a much longer path than the earth travels.
If a comet isn't a star, what is it then?
Some scientists think that a large part of a comet is water frozen   into pieces of ice and mixed with iron and rock dust and perhaps a few big pieces of rock. When sunshine melts   the ice in the comet, great clouds of gas go trailing after it. These clouds, together with the dust, form a long tail.
Many people have seen a comet. However, no one knows how many comets there are. There may be millions of comets, but only a few come close enough for us to see.
An Englishman named Edmund Halley, who lived from 1656 to 1742, found out a lot about the paths that comets take through the sky. Some comets move out of our sight and never come back. Others keep coming back at regular times. A big comet that keeps coming back was named after Halley comet, because the last time it came close to the sun and the earth was in the year 1986. Then people all over the world were outside at night to look at it. You will probably be able to see Halley's comet when it comes near the earth again.
,A, B, C, D,.
The question is: Some comets keep coming back.
The possible answers are:
A:at any time
B:at noon
C:at regular times
D:at daybreakFrank, the dog, is very friendly. He loves meeting new people and going out with his friends. He has a lot of friends!
One of his very good friends is a blue robot  named Bob. Bob is a nice robot. A long time ago, Bob saved the world. But now, he lives a quiet life.
Another great friend of Frank's is Hops,the rabbit. Hops is special( ) because he is good at every subject, especially math and science. He likes teaching others what he knows, and he's always making all kinds of inventions. 
An old friend of Frank's is Ted. Ted and Frank are both dogs, they're a little different. Frank is always trying new things-sometimes silly things! Ted, However, likes doing sensible  things more than doing fun and crazy things. But both he and Frank love learning and care about doing what's right more than anything. So to them, their differences are small.
The question is: Which of the following title is the best one?
The possible answers are:
A:A Nice Robot
B:A Friendly Dog
C:A Clever Rabbit
D:A Few FriendsMichael Rossi is the Internet favorite Dad right now.
Mr. Rossi, a father from Philadelphia, recently took his kids, Jack and Victoria, to Boston for three days during the school term. But Rydal Elementary School, one of the oldest schools in Boston, doesn't accept family holidays as an excuse for their absence and give them a warming notice. So Mr. Rossi wrote a letter to the school, which has been shared by thousands of parents online.
Dear Mrs. Marbyry,
While I am thankful for your concern for our children and the best education our kids receive from you, I can promise you they've learned as much in the three days we were in Boston as they would in a whole year in school.
Although they missed an important test, they learned about something more important for them, especially for their future.
They experienced first -hand the love and support form thousands of other people with a common goal. At the marathon  , which is known as the most difficult one in the world, they watched runners with disabilities work together to collect money for children in poor areas.
In addition, our children walked the Freedom Trail, visited the site of the Boston Tea Party and the graves of several great pioneers of America. These are thing they WILL learn in school a year or more from now.
We truly love our school and teachers. But I wouldn't hesitate   to pull them out of school again for an experience like the one they had this time.
Thank you for your time.
Sincerely,
Michael Rossi
The question is: Why did Michael take his kids to watch the disabled runners?
The possible answers are:
A:He wanted them to be sports stars in the future.
B:He wanted them to pay more attention to PE at school.
C:He wanted them to learn to love and care for poor people.
D:He wanted them to learn from those great pioneers of America.A plant  makes its own food in its leaves .Water comes to the leaves through the roots . Air gets into the leaves through very small holes  . The green coloring in the leaves uses the water and air to make the food for the plant . It also needs sunshine because a plant can make food only when the sun is shining.
Animals and people could not live without green plants . They both eat plants .People and some animals also eat the meat of some animals and these animals eat plants.
The question is: People would die without  _
The possible answers are:
A:animals
B:meat
C:plants
D:leavesComputers are useful machines. They can help people a lot in their life. For example, they can help people save much time, and they can help people do hard work.
Today more and more families have computers. Parents buy computers for their children. They hope computers can help their children improve their studies. But many of the children use computers to play games, watch movies or chat, instead of studying. Many teachers and parents _ that computers make children fall behind. So many parents don't allow their children to play computers again.
In some other countries, even some scientists hate computers. They say computers let some people lose their jobs or bring them a lot of trouble.
Will computers really bring trouble to people or can they bring people happiness? It will be up to people themselves.
The question is: In this passage we know computers  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:also bring us trouble
B:bring us happiness only
C:are hated by people
D:are bad for people's healthHarry is a boy with a learning disability. On his fourth birthday, he was given a pug called Millie. Two weeks after the dog's arrival, he was happier and calmer and said his first words, "dog" and "mummy". Just two months later, thieves stole the dog, and now the heartbroken little boy is back to where he started. He has refused to talk since losing his best friend. His mother was worried and gave him another dog, but he just "pushed it away". Mrs Hainsworth, his mother, says, "My son is very sad. He'll go over to her cage and just beat  on the bars. There is no word coming out, but you just know he's screaming 'Where is Millie' inside. Millie was really his best friend. They would play together happily for hours. None of his toys has ever held his attention that long. Now he has just completely turned quiet again. "Harry suffers from a condition which affects his ability to speak and move. But the dog's being with him achieved more in days than months of speech therapy and physiotherapy had. Mrs Hainsworth says, "My son was so happy when he saw Millie. Being with Millie changed him, and within two weeks he had said his first words and was working on saying 'dad'. Just last week, his teachers and I were saying how much Millie had helped him. And now this!" Mrs Hainsworth is considering buying another pug in the hope that her son will accept it. Maureen Hennis of the charity, Pets as Therapy, says she has seen many cases of dogs helping people with speech problems. "People may talk to a dog when they wouldn't like to talk to another human," she says. "A dog doesn't care if words come out wrong."
The question is: According to Maureen Hennis, Millie was able to help Harry because .
The possible answers are:
A:dogs are man's best friends
B:dogs are very clever and helpful
C:children don't have stress when talking to dogs
D:children would rather talk to dogs than to humansEarly to bed and early to rise makes a man healthy, wealthy and wise.
This is an old English saying  . It means that we should go to bed early at night and get up early in the morning. If we do, we shall be healthy. We shall also be rich and clever.
Is this true? Perhaps it is. The body must have enough sleep. Children of your age need ten hours' sleep every night. If you go to bed late, you can't have enough sleep. Then you can't think carefully and your homework will be wrong. You will not be wise and you may not become wealthy!
Some people go to bed late at night and get up late in the morning. This is not good for them. We should sleep at night when it is dark. The dark helps us sleep well. When the daylight comes, we should get up. This is the time for exercise. If the body is not used, it will become weak. Exercise keeps it strong.
Exercise helps the blood   to move around inside the body. Blood takes nutrition   to all parts of our bodies. The brains   in our heads also need blood. We think with our brains. If we keep our bodies healthy, and take exercise, we can think better!
Our bodies also need air to breathe  . Without air we will die. Get up early in the morning and we can have plenty of clean, fresh air. That will keep us healthy and happy.
,.
The question is: _   provides nutrition for our brains.
The possible answers are:
A:Air
B:Blood
C:Exercise
D:SleepIn some countries, the most common unlucky number is thirteen. People don't like to live in a house that is number 13. People don't like to have parties with thirteen people. People don't like to do important things on the thirteenth of the month. Also, when you add the Japanese unlucky numbers together---nine and four ---they make thirteen.
There aren't many business meetings on the thirteenth of the month especially when the thirteenth is on a Friday. Friday is always unlucky. Adam and Eve left the Garden of Eden   on a Friday. Jesus Christ died on a Friday. There were thirteen people at his last supper. In Europe, they kill criminals  on Fridays.
For some people, unlucky numbers do the opposite things. My elder brother was born on the thirteenth. He passed his exams on the thirteenth. He married on the thirteenth. He became a pilot on the thirteenth. It was always a lucky number for him.
,.
The question is: Generally speaking, how many days are there in a year on which people don't want to hold business meetings?
The possible answers are:
A:9
B:12
C:13
D:24While I was running slowly one morning, I saw my friend's father sitting alone on the roadside bench. So I crossed the road to wish him a good morning.
As I came over to him, he was very happy to see me. He said it was nice of me to come and chat with him. Then he said to me in a low and sad voice: "At this stage of my life, it feels very lonely here. Anybody sharing a few heartfelt moments would mean a lot to me. "
I was completely shocked by what he said, and I wondered: What could be that little thing that I can do to make his life different?
I knew he was a painter, so I started to ask him about his latest painting experiences. Painting is a passionate   topic for him, and he started to talk with me about it. I asked him, "Can you teach me to paint?"
He was surprised at first and then agreed instantly.
Now, every other day, I go to learn how to paint from him. We paint a lot and talk a lot. He says he feels better, and he waits for me. I say I feel better. After all, I am the one getting so much wisdom from a man who is nearing the horizon of his life with so much experience!
The question is: What does the friend's father do?
The possible answers are:
A:He is a teacher.
B:He is a painter.
C:He is an arts collector.
D:He is a public speaker.The London Eye
The London Eye was opened on New Year's Eve in 1999 to celebrate the Millennium  . It is 135 meters high, and from the top you can see the whote London. On a clear day you can even see Windsor Castle, which is 40 kilometers away. The London Eye has 32 capsules  , each with room for 25 people. Each "trip" lasts 30 minutes. It moves quite slowly, at a speed of about 15 meters a minute, but it never stops. Passengers have to get on when it's moving.
OPENING TIME: Daily from 9 a.m. to 10 p.m. in summer and from 10 a.m. to 6 p.m. in winter.
TICKETS: Online or by phone. A limited number of tickets are available   in the day.From the Ticket Office in County Hall (the building next to the Eye), but go early because you often have to wait in a queue.
HOW TO GET THERE: 5 minutes' walk from Waterloo underground station.
Choose the best answers:
The question is: People  _    get tickets from the Ticket Office because tickets there are limited.
The possible answers are:
A:can usually
B:can never
C:can't always
D:walk from Waterloo underground station toWarner Brothers is an American company that produces movies and television shows. It started as a small family business operated by four brothers -- Harry, Albert, Sam and Jack Warner. In nineteen-oh-three, the brothers began their business by traveling throughout Ohio and Pennsylvania showing movies using a projector  . By nineteen-oh-seven, they opened a movie theater in New Castle, Pennsylvania. Within ten years, the Warner brothers started producing movies, and moved that part of the business to California.
In nineteen eighteen, their first complete picture was called "My Four Years in Germany." The film was based on a book by the United States' ambassador to the court of Kaiser Wilhelm. In nineteen twenty-five, they began to work to include the technology for sound in their movies.
Two years later, Warner Brothers Pictures released the first major movie with sound, or "talking picture." It was called "The Jazz Singer" and it was a huge success. In the nineteen thirties, the company made several films that were highly praised, including "Little Caesar," "The Public Enemy", "The Gold Diggers" and "Forty-Second Street."
The Warner Brothers' success continued in the nineteen forties with movies like "The Maltese Falcon," and "Casablanca." Movies during this time starred popular actors like Ingrid Bergman, Humphrey Bogart, James Cagney, Gary Cooper and Bette Davis. The company continues to produce popular movies today.
By the nineteen seventies, the Warner Brothers studios had also become well set up in television. In nineteen ninety, Warner Communications combined with Time Incorporated to form Time Warner Incorporated.
In two thousand one, the company combined with America Online. The company now includes film production, cable television networks, music and publishing. This year, the company announced a deal with the CBS Corporation to form a new television broadcast network. The CW began broadcasting this month.
The question is: We can see from the text that   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:The Warner Brothers has closed.
B:The Warner Brothers has expanded  its business greatly since it was set up.
C:The CW doesn't belong to the Warner Brothers.
D:People in the U.S. can't buy music records produced by the Warner Brothers.Do you know why different animals or pests have their special colors? Colors in them seem to be used mainly to protect themselves.
Some birds like eating locusts. but birds cannot easily catch them. Why? It is because locusts change their colors together with the change of the colors of crops. When crops are green, locusts look green. But as the harvest time comes, locusts change to the same brown color as crops have. Some other pests with different colors from plants are easily found and eaten by others. So they have to hide themselves for lives and appear only at night.
If you study the animal life, you'll find the main use of coloring is protecting themselves. Bears, lions and other animals move quietly through forests. They cannot be seen by hunters. This is because they have the colors much like the tree.
Have you ever noticed an even more strange act? A kind of fish in the sea can send out a kind of very black liquid when it faces danger. While the liquid spread over, the enemies cannot find it. And it immediately swims away. So it has lived up to now though it isn't strong at all.
, .
The question is: The kind of fish live up to now because   _   .
The possible answers are:
A:it is very big and strong
B:the liquid it sends out help it escape from its enemies
C:the liquid it sends out can kill its enemies
D:it swims faster than any other fishWould you like to go to Beijing, our capital? It's far away from Guangdong. It's 2313 kilometers from Beijing to Guangdong. The city of Kunming is 2216 kilometers away from Guangdong. It's always very warm there. But it's very hot in summer in Wuhan. It's 1084 kilometers from Guangdong to Wuhan. Changsha is near Guangdong. It's 726 kilometers from Changsha to Guangdong. Do you know which city is the biggest in China? It's Shanghai. It's 1811 kilometers from Guangdong to Shanghai. If you travel   by air, you'll find it very interesting and fast enough to fly from Guangdong to Beijing. It only takes you about four hours and you'll get there easily, safely and unhurriedly .But traveling by train is quite different. You have to stay on the train for over thirty hours to arrive in Beijing. More and more people like to travel by air. You can see why, can't you?
The question is: How far is it from Changsha to Guangdong?
The possible answers are:
A:1084 kilometers
B:2216 kilometers
C:726 kilometers
D:706 kilometersNow our environment is becoming worse and worse. Everyone wants to live healthily. Here is some information about what our life will be like in ten years.
Cars will run on a solar power   and will be much cleaner. They will be much safer. For example, if you are too close to another car or if you are driving dangerously, your car will slow down or stop by itself.
New cities will be built in the sea. Some cities on water will have two floors. People will live on the second floor, the first floor will be used for traffic, shops and factories.
Biotechnology   will make food better and healthier. Plants without insects will be developed. The taste of fruit and vegetables will be better and food will be able to keep longer.
Many new ways to cure illness   will be found. However, some new illness will appear  .
The question is: Biotechnology will make   _   better and healthier.
The possible answers are:
A:medicine
B:toy
C:food
D:clothesEveryone wants to be healthy. We know food is very important to us. There is an old saying-----"An apple a day keeps the doctor away." There is lots of healthy food in our life.
Fruit and vegetables are healthy food, but hamburgers and candy are not healthy food. So you can have more bananas, apples, oranges, tomatoes and onions. They are good for us. But you'd better  not have  hamburgers or candy. They are bad for us.
For drinks, juice and milk are healthy but Coke isn't healthy. Ice cream isn't good either. Healthy food can drinks make us strong and happy.
The question is: What does "An apple a day keeps the doctor away." mean?
The possible answers are:
A:You eat an apple every day and you can be healthy.
B:The doctor eats an apple every day and he goes away.
C:The doctor runs away when you give him an apple.
D:The doctor doesn't ask you to eat an apple every day.Visit the Forest Zoo. Come and see the Indian elephants and the new tigers from Northeast of China. The beautiful birds from England are ready to sing songs for you, and the monkeys from Mount Emei will be happy to talk to you. The lovely dogs from Australia want to laugh at you. Sichuan pandas will play balls for you. The giraffes from Africa are waiting to look down on you.
Tickets Opening time
Grown-ups: Y=3  9:00a.m.--4:00p.m.
Children: Over 1.4m: Y=2 except Friday
Under 1.4m: Free 10:00a.m.--3:00p.m.
Keep the zoo clean!
Do not touch, give food or go near to the animals.
The question is: Why does the writer introduce so many animals from different places to us?
The possible answers are:
A:Because the writer wants to frighten us in the zoo.
B:Because the writer wants to make us lovely in the zoo.
C:Because the writer wants to attract us to the zoo.
D:Because the writer wants to show us that animals can do everything.The Internet can show you lots of jobs all over the world. If you want to find a job on the Internet, use the words "job search" or "employment " to find the websites you need. You only need to type in what you want and where you want to work. In a few seconds, a list of jobs will appear on the screen. You can also type in the name of a company to learn about jobs there. Many websites list full-time and summer jobs.
Job search websites can help you in other ways, too. They show you how to write a good resume  and how to get ready for an interview . They also tell you what to say to an interviewer on the telephone. Some websites give you interview conversations to practice. One website even has a dictionary of interview words. A good employment website can be a big help in your job search.
Good luck with your job-hunting.
The question is: Some employment websites tell you how to have a job interview   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:face to face
B:in an e-mail
C:in a letter
D:on the telephone"Everything happens for the best," my mother said whenever things weren't going my way. "Don't worry, one day your luck will change." Mother was right, as I discovered after I had finished my college education. I had decided to try for a job in radio. One day, I wanted to host  a sports program. I went to Chicago and knocked on the door of every station. But I got turned down every time.
In one station, a kind lady said my problem was that I hadn't got enough experience. " Get some work with a small station and work your way up," she said.
I went back home. I couldn't get a job there, either. Then my dad told me a businessman had opened a store and needed someone to help him. But again, I didn't get the job.
I felt really down. " Your luck will change," Mom said to me. Dad lent me the car to help me to look for my job. I tried another radio station in Iowa. But the owner, a nice man, told me he had already had someone.
As I left his office, I asked, "How can someone be a sports announcer  if he can't get a job in a radio station?"
I was waiting for the lift when I heard the man call. " What did you mean? Do you know anything about football?" He put me in front of a microphone and asked me to try to imagine that I was giving my opinion on a football game, I succeeded.
On my way home, Mom's words came back to me, "One day your luck will change, Son. And when it happens, it'll feel doubly  good because of all the hard work you've had." At that moment I knew what just what she meant.
The question is: The sentence "But I got turned down every time." means "  _  "
The possible answers are:
A:But I was refused every time
B:But I was successful every time
C:But I lost my way every time
D:But the door of every station was always closedOne day Einstein  was walking in the street in New York. His friend met him and said to him, "Einstein, you should buy a new coat. Look, how old your coat is!" But Einstein answered, "It doesn't matter. Nobody knows me here."
After a few years Einstein became a famous scientist. But he still wore the old coat.
His friend met him again and asked him to buy a new one. But Einstein said, "I needn't buy a new one. Everyone knows me here."
The question is: A few years later Einstein   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:bought a new one
B:became a great scientist
C:still wore an old coat
D:B and CThere is a saying, "An apple a day keeps the doctor away." Although eating properly is important, being kind to others is also good tor your health. Studies show that people who perform kind acts are more relaxed, happier, and healthier than other people.
In one study at Arizona State University researchers, found that many volunteers experienced a sudden feeling of joy, followed by a long period of calm, after performing a kind act.  This feeling, called "a help's high" may actually help reduce stress   as the body releases   naturally painkillers.
Stress can cause' serious health problems, and heart depression, and .sleeping problems. However, the study found that volunteers had fewer *stress-related health problems when they did helpful things for other people.
The study also found that people who did nice things for others felt better about themselves as well. They had higher self-esteem  , and were' happier. Many believe this is because volunteers spend more of their time with other people. People who are more outgoing are often healthier.
Another study at the University of Michigan's Survey Research Center confirmed the health benefits of volunteering. A ten-year study showed that people who volunteered live longer than those who didn't. Although you shouldn't need a reason to be helpful, it is nice to know that kindness may help you live longer.
The question is: Another study of almost 3 ,000 men showed that people who volunteered   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:lived longer
B:needed a reason to be helpful
C:wanted to live longer
D:had lower self-esteemMarch 21 is World Sleep Day. How's your sleep recently?
The Chinese Medical Doctor Association asked 8,200 people in China about their sleep. More than 36.3 percent of them said they often sleep badly. The study also finds that many students have only 5 hours of sleep a day. According to the US National Sleep Foundation, teenagers need 8.5 to 9 hours of sleep every night. What cuts into their sleeping time? Homework. Also, school starts early in the morning.
But bad sleeping habits also play a role. Do you like to have a look at your mobile phone before going to bed? The survey finds that 60 percent of people check their phones before they sleep. They read news, check their WeChat   or chat with QQ friends.
It's important for us to get enough sleep. We feel tired and think slowly. Besides, sleepy kids are often unhappy, says a study by the US National Sleep Foundation.
We can't change our school time. But there are still ways to get better sleep. Stay away from coke, coffee and tea at night. They make it hard to fall asleep. Watch less television. Leave your mobile phone and tablet computer   on your desk.
,,.
The question is: How many hours should teenagers sleep every night according to the US National Sleep Foundation?
The possible answers are:
A:5 to 6 hours.
B:6 to 8 hours.
C:8.5 to 9 hours.
D:9 to 10 hours.I'm Kate. I'm an American girl. I am thirteen. I'm in a middle school in Shanghai. My English teacher is a Chinese girl. My good friend is Mary. She is an English girl. She is thirteen, too. She is in Wuhan. I'm in Grade Eight. But she is in Grade Nine. We often have a talk by E-mail. We are both good students.
The question is: Kate is from the   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:UK
B:HK
C:USA
D:UNNancy and Peter like sports. In summer they swim and in winter they ski. They are planning a ski trip for this weekend, but they don't know about the weather. It's 7:30 now, and they are listening to the weather report on the radio. The weatherman is giving the weather for the weekend.
"Friday is going to be cold and cloudy, but it's not going to rain. It's going to snow on Friday night and maybe Saturday morning. Saturday afternoon and Sunday are going to be cold and sunny." Now Nancy and Peter are excited. The weather is going to be good for a ski trip. They are going to have a wonderful weekend in the mountains.
The question is: What will the weather be like on Sunday?
The possible answers are:
A:Cold and cloudy
B:Clear and sunny
C:Cold and sunny
D:Clear and cloudyThe National Football League (NFL) is a professional American football league with 32 teams in. How does one choose which team to support? Some people choose the team of their hometown, or where they now live, or the team that their parents or their friends follow.[:ZXXK]
A boy student from Oklahoma wrote a letter to each of the owners or presidents of the 32 NFL teams. He would see what answers he got, and then choose his team.
Bill was home from school sick. It was the week before Christmas. He was "kind of bored" and needed something to do. So he asked his parents if he could write to every professional football team. Bill wrote the 32 letters by hand.
"We weren't quite sure what we could get back. He didn't really have one team that he wanted to hear from," his mother said: "He just wanted to see what kind of reply he' d get."
A letter to the Carolina Panthers' owner Jerry Richardson was one of those posted. Bill wrote in his letter, "My family and I love football. They are fans of different teams.But I don't have a team to cheer for yet. I am ready to pick an NFL team to cheer on for lifetime!"
A few weeks later, Bill's mother was pulling into her driveway when a delivery man arrived with a box from the Panthers. When Bill came home, he excitedly opened the box. Inside he found a signed Carolina Panthers helmet as well as a handwritten note from Jerry.
The team owner had written to Bill, "We should be honored if our Carolina Panthers became your team. We would make you proud of your joining us."
Bill was overjoyed with what he got. He decided that from then on he would support the Panthers. He keeps the letter from Jerry in his bedroom. His mother says, "It's not the helmet they sent us. It's what they told us." That is what mattered to Bill and why he chose to become a Panthers' fan.
The question is: The best title for the passage can be   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:Christmas Gift
B:Helpful Mother
C:Receiving a Helmet
D:Choosing a TeamThat day was a very good day. The volunteers who visited an orphanage  now became the best friends each other. The four persons were Li Hui, the reporter of Jing Newspaper, Zhao Qiang and Huang Jian, reporters of Chongqing Television Station, and me.
According to our experience of driving in the disaster area, it would be OK to drive in the morning, but the road was dangerous in the afternoon. So this morning we got off at 6:00 am. It is about 40 kilometers aim place. It would take not more than one hour normally. However, because of poor road conditions, we tried twice but failed to go through. We had to stop driving to wait for road repairing. It was very dangerous to park on the road in the mountain. To be honest, my experience in the disaster area were over load . I almost couldn't stand. But one thing had been supporting me, I had been very grateful to have such a chance to help the people of disaster area, to have such a chance to share my love.
When we took two vehicles  supplies to the orphanage, the leader of the orphanage Mr. Lang with 31 children was too excited to say anything.
,.
The question is: Why did the volunteers think he should work in the disaster area?
The possible answers are:
A:Because their leaders ordered that.
B:Because they wanted to repair the roads there.
C:Because their relative was there.
D:Because they wanted to show their love there." Dreams may be more important than sleep. We all need to dream." some scientists say. Dreams take up about one quarter of our sleeping time. People have several dreams each night.
Dreams are like short films. They are usually in color. Some dreams are like old films. They come up over and over again. That may be the dreamer worrying about something. Dreaming may be a way of trying to find an answer.
Some people get new ideas about their work from dreams. They may have been thinking about their work all day. These thoughts can carry over into dreams.
Too much dreaming can be harmful. The more we sleep,the longer we dream. The mind is still at work when we dream. That is why we may have a long sleep and still wake up tired.
The question is: Why do some people often dream about their work?
The possible answers are:
A:Because they are tired in the daytime.
B:Because they not interested in their work.
C:Because they may be thinking about their work all day.
D:Because they have too much work to do.My family lives in London. In the morning, my father goes to work and we go to school. My father takes us to school every day. My mother stays at home. She does the housework. She always has lunch at home, and visits her friends in the afternoon. In the afternoon, we go home from school by bus. My father gets home from work late. At night my two brothers and I always do our homework. We go to bed at about ten. My father and my mother usually read newspapers. We can watch TV at the weekend.
The question is: _   home late.
The possible answers are:
A:The children get
B:My father gets
C:My mother is not
D:My parents getDo you still remember the terrible earthquake in 2008 in Sichuan, which killed at least 87,000 people and left millions homeless? On the twelfth day after the earthquake, Premier Wen Jiabao said, "A new Wenchuan will rise from the ruins ." Now his words have come true. Three years has passed and the worst-hit areas in Sichuan have risen from the ruins.
So far, 95% of the reconstruction projects have been completed. Nearly 3,000 schools, 1,000 hospitals and more than 5 million homes have been built. Now everyone has been provided with a home, a job and social security .
Dong Xinjun, a villager in Qingchuan, said volunteers from Zhejiang taught him how to grow mushrooms and now he makes about 3,000 yuan more than before every year.
Zhu Lihu, the headmaster of a village primary school in Qingchuan, told us that teaching equipment had been greatly improved. Now they have new classrooms, a library and a computer room with 20 computers.
On May 8th, 2011, Premier Wen Jiabao made his 10th visit to Sichuan Province after the earthquake. He visited a lot of middle schools and neighborhoods. At Beichuan Middle School, Premier Wen _ a student named Zheng Haiyang, who lost both of his legs in the earthquake. The students told Premier Wen that their new school was very beautiful. And they would never forget that it was built with the hearts and strength of people across the whole country.
Premier Wen believes that the people in Wenchuan have a "strong will" and a "bright future". They will never back down, but stand bravely on this land.
The question is: Which of the following is TRUE according to the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:Nearly 1,000 schools have been built.
B:Dong Xinjun makes about 3,000 yuan every year.
C:Zhu Lihu's new school has a new large gym.
D:Zheng Haiyang is a student of Beichuan Middle School.For years and years people have been saying that railways are dead. "We can do without railways," people say--as if cars and planes have made railways unnecessary. We all keep hearing that trains are slow, lose money and are dying. But this is far from the truth. In these days of expensive oil, railways have become highly _ with cars and planes. If you want to carry people or goods from place to place, they're cheaper than planes. And they have much in common with planes. A plane goes in a straight line and so does a railway. What is more, a railway takes you from the heart of a city center. It doesn't stop you as a car does on crowded roads. And no plane or car can ever carry as many goods as one train does.
Far from being dead, railways are much alive. Modern railway lines give you a comfortable journey. Where else can you eat well, sleep comfortably, feel safe and enjoy the scene while you are traveling at the same time? And we are only the beginning, for we have just entered the age of super-fast trains, which are traveling 150 miles an hour and more. Soon we will be wondering why we spent so much on highways and planes we can't fly in because we don't have enough money to buy the oil.
The question is: Some people think railways are dying because  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:planes and cars are expensive
B:oil is expensive today
C:trains are slow
D:railways look uglyPeople travel for a lot of reasons. Some tourists go to see battlefields or religious shrines .Others are looking for cultures, or simply want to have their pictures taken in front of famous places. Most European tourists are looking for a sunny beach to lie on.
 _ of northern cities like London, Copenhagen, and Amsterdam spend a lot of their winter in the dark because the days are so short. And much of the rest of the year is in the rain. This is the reason why the Mediterranean has always attracted them. They all come for the same reason: the sun!
But there are signs that the are is getting more tourists than it can deal with. The Mediterranean has already been one of the most polluted seas on Earth. And with the increasing numbers of tourists, it's getting worse. However, none does harm to anyone's fun. The Mediterranean is getting more and more popular every year with tourists.
The question is: The Mediterranean has always attracted Northern European because of  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:the sun
B:the sea
C:the beach
D:the skyThe clock struck  eleven at night. The whole house was quiet. Everyone was in bed except me. Under the strong light, I looked sadly at a huge pile  of those trouble things
--books.
I was going to have my exam the next day. "When can I go to bed?" I asked myself. I didn't answer. And I could not. The clock struck twelve. "Oh, dear! Ten more books to read before I go to bed!" We students are the most wretched ones in the world. Dad does not agree with me on this. He did not have to work so hard when he was a boy.
The clock struck one. I was quite hopeless now. I forgot all I did learn. I was too tired to go on. I did the only thing I could. I prayed , "My god, please let me pass the exam tomorrow. I will work hard next time, Amen." My eyes were so heavy that I could hardly open them. A few minutes later, with my head on the books, I fell asleep.
The question is: The best title for the passage is   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:The Night Before The Exam
B:Working Far Into Night
C:A Slow Student
D:Going Over LessonsBeing busy can become a way of life. Our lives are always filled with emails and text messages. They make us feel wanted and important, but in a tiring and empty way. Being busy has a dangerous allure . If you are busy all the time, it's hard to sit quietly with your thoughts or to really feel what you're feeling. Whynot let everything become a choice -- how we spend time, who we reply to and how much or little we write?
Many of us are busy becauseour self-worth goes up when people make demands on our time. Whydon't we free ourselves from needing, or even wanting? Why don't we make the best use of the time and space to be productive in a way that it best serves us? That may be consciously keeping ourselves not busy. In fact many great discoverieswere made by people who built white space into their day.
Imagine asking "How are you?" to one of the most successful people you know like Warren Buffet. I've never heard anyone at that level answer "busy" though most people believe they are.
What are they doing differently?
First, they aim to project an image that things are under control. Second, they actually have things under control. They've had excellent staff, implemented thoughtful processes and they spend time only on critical tasks that require their attention. They make high-level strategic decisions with a large effect.
It's time to end the glory of being busy and spend time setting up processes that make sense, rather than simply working more hours. To do this, you need to change yourway of thinking. It's cool to say you're busy, but it's better to be busy helping someone carry a stroller up the subway stairs or busy finishing a book.
How to free us from the trendof being busy? Start with small steps. For one day, be mindful of every daily activity. Consider each thing a choice and decide proactively if it's necessary or simply a habit you can get rid of or do in half the time. Next, stop saying how busy you are. Then, figure out what you want to achieve with your day and begin doing it. Put your time and energy where you want it to be.
The question is: Why don't successful people like Warren Buffet answer "busy"?
The possible answers are:
A:Because they value working abilities and attitude.
B:Because they focus on attracting excellent workers.
C:Because they pay more attention to learning management.
D:Because they think well and spend more time on critical tasks.A woman was at the cinema, and she was enjoying the film very much. But there was a man in the next seat, and he began looking on the floor under him. The woman was angry and whispered, "What are you doing there? What are you looking for?" "A piece of hard chocolate ,"the man whispered to her, "I dropped it on the floor." "A piece of chocolate?" the woman said angrily, "It's dirty now! Take this and be quiet, please! I'm listening to the film!" She gave the man a big piece of chocolate."But," the man said, "my teeth are in the piece on the floor!"
The question is: In fact the man was busy looking for his   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:glasses
B:teeth
C:ticket
D:WalletDo you think of white when someone talks about a polar bear? In fact, the polar bear does not have white fur. It just appears to be white. Polar bears have a very good sense of smell. It helps them to find food. During summer, polar bears sleep longer, because they are able to find their food more easily at night. Usually, after a meal, polar bears have a short sleep. A polar bear can have 2-3 babies at a time. They live with their mothers until they are about two-and-a-half years old.
However, polar bears will die out soon because of people. There are only 20,000 to 25,000 polar bears in the world. The ones that are left are trying to survive today. The number of polar bears is becoming smaller and smaller because of the loss of sea ice-- polar bears mostly inhabit   the sea ice, not the land ice. This is happening because of global warming  , pollution, hunting and so on.
Ordinary people don't care, but great people have the power and want to save tigers, fight for giant pandas and save polar bears. Ordinary people will wait, but great people will find a new world. For me, I will not waiting. I will take the bus more often from now on. Join me and save the polar bears, and, of course, the tigers, the giant pandas and...
The question is: What is the main idea of this passage?
The possible answers are:
A:To show that the number of polar bears is getting smaller.
B:To tell people that polar bears will soon have nowhere to live.
C:To let people know why polar bears are in danger.
D:To talk about polar bears and suggest that people protect animals.Jack is having a great and relaxing summer.He is visiting his grandmother in Florida .The weather is hot and sunny.He is staying at his grandmother's home.It's very nice and near the beach.He goes to the beach with friends every day.They play volleyball there a lot.He watches TV or reads books in the evening.He is reading an interesting story-book now.The stories are really scary.His grandmother is making dinner now.She wants Jack to help her.
The question is: Who is visiting his/her grandmother in Florida?
The possible answers are:
A:Mike
B:Tina.
C:Jack
D:Alan.Four-bedroom house for sale
This house is on a quiet street only a few meters from the beach. It has a wonderful view of the sea and would suit a family or an investor . There are many international cafes and restaurants nearby, and it is only a short walk to the stores. It's near the bus stops. The house has two floors. On the first floor there is a modern kitchen, a large sitting room, a dining room, and a bathroom. On the second floor you will find four bedrooms. There are also two bathrooms. There is also a swimming pool and a beautiful garden around the house.
Please telephone Jim Watson at 014-735-8383.One -bedroom apartment  for sale
This apartment is on the top floor of a six-floor building and has a wonderful view of the city. There is a big park near the building. It is near the centre of the city. It will be a good home for a young couple . The apartment is freshly painted. A modern kitchen and a tidy bathroom make it very comfortable. The owners need money, so they are eager to sell it. Call Julie Kelly at 014-735-8484 for more information
The question is: Which is true about the apartment?
The possible answers are:
A:It is good for a big family.
B:It is in a city.
C:It is in an old building.
D:It has a beautiful garden.Bob was happy. He was at a new school, and students there were friendly. "Hi, Bob!" some students greeted him, but some students said, "Hi, Peter!" Bob didn't understand. He asked one student. "Why do some students call me Peter?"
"Oh, that's easy to answer," the students said, "Peter was a student here last year. Now he is at a different school. You look like Peter. Some students thought that you were Peter."
Bob wanted to meet Peter. He got Peter's address from a student and went to Peter's house. Peter opened the door. Bob couldn't believe his eyes. He looked really like Peter! Bob and Peter had the same color eyes and same smile. They had the same black hair. They also had the same birthday. And they both were adopted by two different families.
Bob and Peter found out that they were twin brothers. Soon after the boys were born, one family adopted Bob, and another family adopted Peter. Bob's family never knew about Peter, and Peter's family never knew about Bob.
Soon Bob and Peter's story appeared in the newspaper. There was a photo of Bob and Peter next to the story. A young man called John saw the photo in the newspaper. John couldn't believe his eyes. He looked like Bob and Peter! He had the same color eyes and the same smile. He had the same black hair. He had the same birthday. And he, too, was adopted by another family.
Later John met Bob and Peter. When Bob and Peter saw John, they couldn't believe their eyes. John looked really like them! Why did John looked really like Bob and Peter? You can guess. Bob and Peter are not twins. Bob, Peter and John are triplets.
The question is: John knew the story of Bob and Peter from  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:a newspaper
B:a book
C:his classmates
D:his parents1. The family planning policy ("") was introduced in 1979 to solve the population problems. Most couples could have only one child except some special families and those in some special areas.
2. Usually, all around good student, which was called "thricegood", was given to the students who were virtuous , talented  and good at PE. It was firstly used in to 1950s by Mao to encourage young people to keep fit, study well and work hard.
3. During the early 1990s, state owned company reforms  were getting tough. The workers were more than the jobs in most of the cities. Many workers were losing their jobs. "Jobless" was a hot topic at that time, so the leaders hoped the laid off workers could find new jobs or start up their own business.
4. One of Deng's clever ideas, "one country, two systems", was first performed in 1997. It described Hong Kong and Macao's situation after they returned to China. This policy would also be suitable for Taiwan. There would be one China, but Hong Kong, Macao and Taiwan could have their own economies and political systems.
5. Lei Feng was a soldier who was happy to help others. He died in an accident in 1962. On March 5th,1963, Mao wrote a piece, "Learn from comrade Lei Feng", to say the Chinese should help others when necessary. After that, March 5th became a Volunteer Day.
6. The phrase "harmonious society" appeared in 2004, referring to a peaceful society where all people would work together to make the life better. This idea has become the main goal of the Chinese Communist Party now.
The question is: Please rearrange the events above in the correct order according to the time.
The possible answers are:
A:2-1-4-3-5-6
B:2-5-4-3-1-6
C:2-5-1-3-4-6
D:2-1-5-3-6-4Jessie felt her life so boring one summer day. She was tired of watching TV, she read all her books, and her friends were on vacation. She wanted something different to do. Suddenly, she saw the lawn mower sitting in the yard.
"Mom," she shouted, ''I think I will mow the lawn." Her mom ran into the yard and said,"Oh no, you don't. You're too young to mow the lawn."
"I'm fourteen years old and know how to do it," Jessie said. "Besides, it would help Dad out, and he won't have to worry about it over the weekend."
Mom thought for a while and then decided to let Jessie give it a try. After all, she was home and would _ her. Jessie already knew how to start the lawn mower from watching her dad. Jessie checked the gas to make sure it was full, and put on her gardening gloves to protect her hands. Mom watched from the kitchen window. Jessie really does know how to mow the lawn. She was very careful around the flowers and trees. When she finished, she felt so good, but she was so hot. Mom brought her some ice tea and said, "You really did a great job. Dad will be very surprised."
Later that day, Dad came home and said to Jessie's mom, "You didn't have to mow the lawn. I was going to do it on Saturday. It looks great. Thanks."
"I didn't mow it. Jessie did."
"Wow, our little girl is growing up!" Dad told Jessie what a great job she had done.
"It was fun, and I will do it again next week," said Jessie.
The neighbor next door came by and asked Jessie if she wanted to mow his lawn and make some money. "Sure!" said Jessie. Jessie began mowing his lawn. Two other neighbors asked so, then another three. Jessie was now mowing lawns for them all and making some money. She was no longer bored! "I won't have time to spend my money," she laughed to herself.
The question is: The text mainly tells us that  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:doing something helpful can make people happy
B:mowing the lawn is a good way to make money
C:neighbors should learn to help each other
D:children should help their parents at an early ageOnce there was a king. He had two old ministers. One was kind and the other was bad. The bad minister often said bad words about the kind minister before the king. The king was very angry.
One day the king said to the bad minister, "Write two words on two pieces of paper. Write 'live' on one piece and 'die' on the other. Then put them in a jar and tell him to choose. If he takes out the paper with 'live' on it, I'll let him go. If he takes out the paper with 'die' on it, I'll kill him at once. "
The bad minister was quite happy. He got two pieces of paper ready. He wrote 'die' on each piece of paper.
The kind old man came. He knew the bad minister wanted to kill him. He also knew the words on the two pieces were both "die". But he knew what to do. Later the king had to keep his word and let the old minister go. Do you know what the kind man did about this at that time?
He chose a piece of paper and ate it, When they saw the word "die" on the other piece, the king and other ministers thought the word on the piece that the kind man had eaten must be "live", so he saved his own life by his cleverness .
The question is: Who was told to write "live" and "die"?
The possible answers are:
A:The king.
B:The bad minister .
C:The kind minister.
D:The two ministers.One day an old man is selling  an elephant. A young man comes to the elephant and begins to look at it slowly . The old man goes up to him and says in his ear, " Don't say anything about the elephant before I sell it, then I'll give you some meat." "All right," says the young man. After the old man sells the elephant, he gives the young man some meat and says, " Now, can you tell me how you find the bad ears of the elephant?" " I didn' t find the bad ears," says the young man. "Then why do you look at the elephant slowly?" asks the old man. The young man answers, "Because I never see an elephant before , and I want to know what it looks like."
The question is: We know that the   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:two men are not good
B:young man is not a bad man
C:old man is a good man
D:elephant is a very good animalMy name is Joan. I'm a student. I'm fifteen. My dad and mom are teachers. I have a sister. Her name is Lily. She is sixteen.She is a student,too.We are from Canada, but we are in Beijing now. Look! The man in a  white coat is my dad. The woman in a red dress is my mom.The girl in a pink skirt is Lily and I'm in a yellow skirt. Are we cool?
 ,.
The question is: Joan's dad is    _   .
The possible answers are:
A:in Canada now
B:in a red coat
C:in a white coat
D:a doctorHundreds of years ago, life was much harder than it is today. People didn't have modern machines. Life today has brought new problems. One of the biggest is pollution. Water pollution has made our rivers and lakes dirty. It kills our fish and pollutes our drinking water. Noise pollution makes us talk louder and become angry more easily. Air pollution is the most serious kind of pollution. It's bad to all living things in the world.
Polluted air from cars, planes and factories is so thick that it is like a quilt  over a city. This kind of quilt is called smog . Many countries are making rules to fight pollution. Factories must now clean their water before it is thrown away. And they mustn't blow dirty smoke into the air. We need to do many other things. We can put waste things in the dustbin and not throw it on the ground. We can go to work by bus or with our friends in the same car. If there are fewer people driving, there will be less pollution.
The question is: Factories must clean their water   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:before they use it
B:when they use it
C:before it is thrown away
D:whenever they use itI was on the escalator in a market. There was an old man who was about five or six people in the front of me. People behind him were all in a hurry and saw him as a rock. The old man knew these clearly and tried hard to step aside.
I remember...Sometimes when walking or driving behind an older person, I've gotten impatient and upset.
"I'm sorry. Please forgive me!" said the old man, "I don't mean to hold you up." He then tried his best to get off the escalator.
I suddenly saw this in a whole new light. I felt sick to my stomach. The old man was apologizing to everyone, when we should have helped him to calm his fears.
One by one, people went around him quickly. By the time I got to him, I asked, "Sir, can I help you?"
The man thought for a while, then said, "Well, yes, thank you!"
I placed my hand under his left arm and walked away from the rush of people quickly.
"So what are you shopping for, sir?"
"Oh, today is Mother's Day. I want to buy something for my neighbor. She's a single mother and she is always so nice to me." he said, stopping suddenly as he searched his pocket.
"Oh, it's here! I always carry them with me," he said. Then he took out some business cards and handed me one which read:
"John Smith.
Friend to all...enemy to no one!
I said a prayer today and you were the answer.
Thank you!"
"That's for you," he said. "Thanks for stopping to help an old man."
"My friend, you helped me. I discovered why I was unhappy with the world. Now I know how to solve the problem. No more with me!"
The question is: Why did the old man try hard to step aside?
The possible answers are:
A:Because he was in a hurry.
B:Because he didn't want to be in other people's way.
C:Because the escalator was very crowded.
D:Because he was as heavy as a rock.One year ago Bertha and Grace became close friends at a college in Dartmouth.
One day, Bertha said that her aunt Margaret had invited  her to spend the summer holiday with her. And they would have picnics and parties as well. But Grace told Bertha that she planned to stay in Clarkman's bookstore until the new term began.
Grace had to do something to feed herself because her parents died many years ago. Bertha  watched her friend's  pale   face. Just then she got a good idea. The next day when  Grace came back, Bertha showed her an invitation letter from her aunt Margaret.
"Grace, would you like to spend your holiday with us? I will help you find a part-time job in our town." Grace cried after reading it.
"Grace, please spend the holiday with me, or Margaret will be disappointed  . I want you to be happy," Bertha said.
The holiday quickly passed by, and finally one letter from Margaret came to Bertha.
"Bertha, Grace is the sweetest girl in the world, and I am very grateful  to you for sending her here."
The question is: Grace planned to   _   for her summer holiday.
The possible answers are:
A:visit her aunt
B:see her parents
C:stay in Clarkman's bookstore
D:work in a restaurantAs I stood outside with my two dogs yesterday , it was so cold that my nose and face felt frozen ( ).
Of course, that doesn't matter to Ricky and Lucy. They have a habit that they must find a place to fight with each other no matter how cold or hot it is.
As cold as it was, I was excited thinking about how wonderful this special cold really was.
Then the sun broke through the clouds and memories of summer's really hot days came through my mind. I could remember standing in heat of the afternoon, with sweat pouring down my head and the hot, burning sun against my face.  I told myself then and there that in the cold of the winter I would wish I had this heat. Because of the special cold, I enjoy the heat more.
So I realized that without the extremes in my life, I would never _ the days
When things just right. without the extremes, life would be boring. For example, heath problems remind us that we need to pay more attention to how we live.
Now, I want to start finding a reason to be happy, even if it's simply the fact that I'm still alive in the world.
,.
The question is: Clichy and Lucy have a habit that they must find a place to   _   with each other.
The possible answers are:
A:share
B:fight
C:play
D:talkThe popular Disneyland has some deep, dark, and sometimes amusing secrets that you probably don't know. Read on to learn them.
General Main Street
By using a special method of construction , Disneyland created an effect that you don't notice until your tired family leaves the park. The next time you enter Disneyland, make note of the distance that it appears you have to travel to get to the "Partners" statue. Then look at the exit of the park from the statue. That's correct. The distance appears to be shorter entering the park than going out. The purpose was to keep guests from wanting to take the long walk out.
Birthday fun
If you visit Disneyland on your birthday, be sure to tell the person at the gate that it's your big day. You'll be sent to City Hall where you'll be presented with a special sticker by cast members, letting everyone know it's your birthday. You may also be able to score special items from other cast members throughout the park, so it's certainly worth a try!
The music never stops.
Visitors like the music and sounds in the park.. Did you know the music never stops at the park? Even when the park was closed, the music and sounds are kept on going. Some believe it cost too much for Disney to keep turning off the music and then restarting it each day. But the truth is that it helps some workers clean up after 2 a.m!
Club 33
"Club 33" is the only place in Disneyland that provides guests with alcoholic beverages . Club 33 members and their guests get free entrance to Disneyland so long as they have a meal at Club 33 on the day of their visit.
The question is: The purpose of this passage is to  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:let the readers know the dark side of Disneyland Park.
B:help the readers better enjoy their visits in Disneyland Park
C:encourage the readers to go to visit Disneyland Park
D:make the readers be aware of the importance of Disneyland ParkMy father was lame  and very short. I was very shy to be seen with my father when I was growing up. When we walked together, he used to put his hand on my arm for balance, and people would stop to watch us. So I didn't like to go out with him. Sometimes my mother left our town to see her sister, and I had to helphim instead of my mother. I didn't say much as we went along. As we started out, he always said, "You can walk fast. And I can keep up with you."
We usually walk to the subway, by which he went to work. He went to work though he was sick or it was bad weather. He almost never missed a day, and could get to the office on time even if others could not. When snow or ice was on the ground, it was impossible for him to walk even with other person's help. At such times my sister or I would pull him across the streets on a child's sleigh  to the subway entrance.
When I think of it now, I am surprised how much courage  he had to make his way to the office. I never heard my father _ it. Now he has been gone many years, but I think of him often. I really want to tell him how sorry I feel for it and how deeply I love him.
The question is: The writer's father   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:needed to take exercise every day
B:went out to send his children to school every day
C:had a job in an office
D:went to work on the farm every dayI didn't think I had a passion . I would sit in front of the TV all day, thinking about nothing but the next show. It was not long ago that I first learned how important having a passion is to life.
That day I went with my mum to drive my sister to the gym. I was bored. Then, as my mum stopped at a red light, someone on the side of the road caught my eye . It was a man dressed in rags  . He was homeless. That didn't interest me, for I had seen many like him before.
But in some ways he was different. This man was not sitting down with a sad expression . He had a radio in his hand and was dancing happily to the music. The radio seemed to be the most precious thing he had.
"Mum, why does that man have a radio even thought  he's homeless?" I asked.
"He bought it," she replied. I was still unable to understand.
"But if he's homeless, why doesn't he use the money to buy food or clothes? He wasted it on something he doesn't need."
"Well, Sarah, sometimes food and clothes aren't the most important things. We need happiness, too."
The man must care too much about music to buy a radio instead of food clothes. I soon realized that happiness is the key to life. Without it, there's nothing to look forward to.
Since then I've never gone a day without thinking of what's truly important. A home, a meal, clothes--these things are only part of the picture. What's often forgotten is that we all need a pleasure, a light in a dark day. We all need a passion.
The question is: Why was the man different?
The possible answers are:
A:He wore new clothes.
B:He was sitting with a sad expression.
C:He was homeless.[:Z. xx. k.Com]
D:He lived an active life though he was very poor.Elvis Aron Presley, often called "the king of rock music", died on August 16th, 1977, at the age of forty-two. He left a great influence on popular music, and millions of fans. During his lifetime, Elvis sold more than four hundred million records. After Presley died, many of his records rose quickly. When Presley died, many _ journeyed to Memphis, Tennessee, Presley's home, to pay their last respects . While most of these fans knew a lot about the songs of Elvis, few of them knew the story of how Elvis had made his first recording. Elvis did not really want to become a recording star. His first record was for his mother. He paid four dollars to a small Memphis recording shop, and recorded two songs. The songs were "My Happiness" and "That's Where Your Heartaches Begin". Sam Philips, who owned the shop where Elvis made the record, liked Presley's songs. He said he would call him some day. About a year later, Philips did call and asked him to cut a record. This first record had "Blue Moon of Kentucky" on one side, and "That's All Right, Mama" on the other.
The question is: The passage shows that   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:Elvis loved his mother
B:many people loved Elvis
C:Sam Philips kept his word
D:all of the aboveStop. Listen! What do you hear? You may hear many different sounds. Some of those sounds may be noise. Noise is a loud or unwanted sound.
Noise can be caused by many kinds of machines, such as motorcycles, jet planes and farm tractors . Rock music is also noise.
What happens to people who live near noisy machines or use them over a period of time? Doctors have found that these people have trouble in sleeping. But, most important, constant  loud noise can cause a loss of hearing.
Scientists use a unit of measure called decibel  to measure the loudness of a sound. The sound of a quiet room, for example, measures 35 decibels. Talking measures between 40 and 65 decibels. Sounds from traffic and from some rock bands can measure over 120 decibels. Noise at this high level  causes the great hearing loss.
The question is: We can conclude from the passage that  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:noise is a serious problem
B:rock music isn't noise
C:noise is only from traffic
D:some people hate any soundI can still remember my first day at school. I was only 6 years old at that time. It was a very big room. I sat at the desk near the window, but I couldn't see anything because the windows were too high. There was a big map of the world on the wall. But I don't think I was worried or unhappy at that time. There was another little boy next to me. He sat there and kept quiet at first. Then he began to cry, because he didn't want to stay there.
More and more students came in , but the boy didn't stop crying " Mom, I want to go home. " He cried again and again. Later , the teacher came in . She went to the little boy, and said something to him. I couldn't hear what she said. Soon the boy stopped crying and began to smile.
To this day, I still don't know what the teacher said to the little boy.
The question is: What did the little boy do at first ?
The possible answers are:
A:He was quiet.
B:He was happy.
C:He was crying.
D:He was shy.On the first day of school our teacher introduced himself and challenged us to get to know someone we didn't already know.I stood up to look around when a gentle hand touched my shoulder.
I turned around to find a little old lady with a warm smile.She said, "Hi, handsome.My name is Rose.I'm eighty-seven years old."
"Why are you in university at such a YOUNG age?" I asked.She replied, "I'm here to meet a rich husband, get married, have a couple of kids, and then retire and travel."
I knew she was joking.I was curious what might have encouraged her to be taking on this challenge at her age.
"I always dreamed of having a university education and now I'm getting one!" she told me.We became friends.Every day we would talk nonstop after class.I always enjoyed listening to this "time machine" as she shared her wisdom and experience with me.And Rose easily made friends wherever she went.
At the end of the term we invited Rose to make a little speech.She cleared her throat  and began, "We do not stop playing because we are old; we grow old because we stop playing.I've learned a few secrets to staying young, being happy, and achieving success.You have to laugh and find humor every day.You've got to have a dream.When you lose your dreams, you die."
"There is a huge difference between growing older and growing up.Anybody can grow older. _ doesn't take any talent or ability.The idea is to grow up by always finding the opportunity  in change..."
The question is: From this passage we know Rose believed   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:"Easier said than done."
B:"Well begun is half done."
C:"It is never too late to learn."
D:"Reading makes a full man."I went to technology _ where people were showing their ideas for better learning. At the show I got a chance to try out lots of new, interesting equipment that might be introduced to schools. I thought some of it were great and would make learning more fun.
Cyber Coach Mat
The first thing I tried was the Cyber Coach Mat. This allows children to learn things like yoga  and tai chi  with virtual instructors . Also you can play football or have dance battles on it.
Sony PSP
The second piece of equipment I tried was the Play Station Portable. or PSP. It lets you access  lots of education materials and helps learning in many ways. It's really fun and even has a built-in camera and video so you can have fun with friends.
Lego NXT
The final thing I tried was the Lego NXT. This involves  building a robot and programming it to follow instructions .
The robot can pick up sound waves which can then be sent to the computer or a phone. I would really like to do this kind of thing in my lesson!
Overall the fair was great and I learn how to use a lot of things that I think could really help children to learn and have fun at the same time.
My favourite was the Cyber Coach Mat because it allows you to learn new skills and it"s a great way to do a PE lesson if it's cold and raining outside!
The question is: The robot can be controlled by  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:letters
B:sounds
C:pictures
D:telephonesNever go into a supermarket hungry! This is a good piece of advice. If you go shopping for food before lunchtime, you'll probably buy more than you plan to. Unfortunately, however, just this advice isn't enough for shoppers these days. Modern shoppers need an education in how and how not to buy things at the store. First, you check the weekly newspaper ads. Find out the items that are on sale and decide if you really need these things. In other words, don't buy anything just because it's cheaper than usual! Second, never let "New and Improved!" or "All Natural" on the front of a package influence you. Instead, read the list of contents on the back. Third,compare prices: that is, you should examine the prices of both different brands and different sizes of the same brand.
Another suggestion for shoppers is to buy ordinary items instead of famous brands. Ordinary items in supermarkets come in plain packages. These products are cheaper because producers don't spend much money on packing or advertising. However, they are still of high quality. In the same way, in buying clothes, you can often find high quality and low prices in brands that are not famous. Shopping in discount clothing stores can help you save a lot of money. Although these stores aren't very attractive, and they usually do not have individual dressing rooms, not only are the prices low, but you can often find the same famous brands that you find in high-priced department stores.
Wise shoppers read magazine ads and watch TV commercials ,but they do this with one advantage: knowledge of the psychology behind the ads. In other words, will-informed shoppers watch for information and check for misinformation. They ask themselves questions: Is the advertiser hiding something in small print at the bottom of the page? Is there any real information in the commercial, or is the advertiser simply showing an attractive image? With the answers to these questions, shoppers can make a wise choice.
The question is: The author's main purpose of writing the passage is to advise shoppers   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:to buy ordinary items instead of famous brands
B:how to buy ordinary things in supermarkets
C:how to make a proper decision while shopping
D:not to believe advertisements or commercialsThe weekend is usually a time of rest. But today's Chinese teenagers can't rest during the weekends. According to a survey , 24% of the Junior students in Beijing have classes at the weekend. Over 40% of the Junior 3 students have less than eight hours of sleep each night.
Ji Ping, a Junior student in Guangzhou, has to get up at 6:30 a.m. on Saturday. Then she has a whole day of classes. On Sunday she gets to extra  classes for Maths and English. But she doesn't complain . She says that all her classmates work hard on Sunday.
Liu Yang is from Dalian. As a Junior 2 student, his weekends are less busy. But he always spends Saturday in school. On Sunday, after finishing homework, he plays basketball. He feels happy because he still has time to do the things he likes.
A few students are lucky. Yang Qing, a Junior 3 student from Zibo, Shangdong, is one of them. At weekends, she usually gets up at 8:00. Then she spends some time doing homework. After that she is free to do what she likes. "Don't push  yourself too much. Learning well at school is easy," she said. And she is a top student in her class.
The question is: How many hours do 40% of the Junior 3 students in Beijing sleep each night?
The possible answers are:
A:Less than 6 hours.
B:Less than 7 hours.
C:Less than 8 hours.
D:More than 8 hours.Do you often watch TV programs? There are many TV programs on Chinese cuisines (, ),but few are like A Bite of China. It tries to bring something new by introducing more cultural features   related to dishes, such as eating habits and wonderful stories about food.
It's said that more than 100 million Chinese people are watching the program. Most Chinese people regard this program as more than just the regular food shows. They see it as an amazing documentary providing a special view of Chinese as well as the relations between people and food , between people and society.
On the other hand, the documentary also stimulates   Chinese people's consumption  . Taobao, one of China's biggest online shopping sites, reports that the search on food items that were introduced by the documentary has increased to 4 million times in one week, and sales have increased to 5.82 million.
To get enough good stories, the production team spent three months doing research and interviews in about 60 cities before they started making the documentary last July. Filming lasted about nine months. Liu Wen, the director, says "As CCTV-9 serves as a window, allowing the world to better understand China, the documentary aims to help the world not only enjoy the beauty of Chinese cuisines, but also learn Chinese customs."
The question is: This program is quite different from other food shows because it has more features of   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:culture
B:cuisine
C:news
D:placeAs one of the most well-known of the fantasy languages invented for science fiction film, television and book, and developed by J.R.R. Tolkien himself, Elvish is made up with several thousand words and different sentence structures.
Constructed languages   like Elvish are real languages, made up of thousands of words created by fantasy writers, linguists and fans, with real language rules. While a widespread vocabulary is advantageous to a constructed language, there is a key differentiator   we can see between just a lot of words and real language: Grammar.
Grammar is what makes constructed languages like Elvish learnable by everyday superfans. Superfans of The Lord of the Rings have built websites and created dictionaries, apps and translators, to teach Elvish. They have also created online clubs where fans can discuss and even create new words based on the already existing vocabulary, and continue to study the language.
So what does it take to be a master of Elvish?
In learning Elvish, there are a couple of grammatical rules similar to those of the English language. For example, in order to make a verb past tense in English, you have to add an -ed, making wash, washed. Similarly in Elvish, in order to change the word for wash, which is allu, to the past tense then you have to add an -ne to the word. So washed is then translated to allune in past tense.
Nouns in Elvish are different in the way that the noun changes depending on how it's used in a sentence, just like in Latin or Russian. For example, the word head in Elvish is CAS. However, if you duck your head, then the word changes to CARA. When mentioning something in your head, then it changes to CASSE. Tolkien's attention to detail in creating the fantasy world used in The Lord of the Rings and The Hobbit, complete with multiple functioning   invented languages, has attracted readers and movie viewers these years.
Elvish is only one of the many magical languages developed by J.R.R. Tolkien. Creating language for fantasy has proven to add to viewers and readers experiences. By transplanting their imagination to a new world, fans are able to learn the new language and speak Elvish with each other, much like their favorite characters.
The question is: Which of the following is TRUE about Elvish?
The possible answers are:
A:The translation of "washed" in Elvish is "allu".
B:The form of a noun doesn't change in Elvish.
C:Elvish and English share the same grammar.
D:Elvish is also used in the film The Hobbit.Raising pets is a popular online game among teenagers. "More than 20 of my classmates have adopted  pets online." Said Wang Hui from Beijing.
If you go to some websites, you can adopt virtual  pets like penguins , chickens, dogs and elephants. You can feed, wash, talk to and play with your pet.
Dai Yingshuang of Shanghai said, "It's great fun and I have also learned how to take care of others." She usually asks her uncle to take care of her pet while she is at school.
If you don't feed and care for the pet, it will become unhappy and unhealthy. So raising an online pet means spending a lot of time online. This makes many parents worried. They fear it will have a bad influence on the children's studies.
Wang Zhaotong from Anhui has raised a penguin since last year. She said, "My parents know about the penguin and think it's okay."
If the students can keep the _ between studying and playing, it's not bad for them to "raise" pets online.
The question is: What does Dai Yingshuang think of raising pets online?
The possible answers are:
A:It isn't great fun.
B:It wastes time.
C:It's not interesting.
D:It's interesting.One day in April, a special activity called"Food Street"was held on the playground at Railway No. 1 Middle School in Xi'an.
This activity was part of the English Art Festival in the school. The students in each class were divided  into some groups. Each group sold different kinds of foods. The students did the shopping and the cooking all by themselves. The students cooked delicious food such as fried chicken, potato chips and vegetables. They all worked hard and sold the food at low prices. The customers  were all the students, teachers and parents. They were all pleased with the nice food.
"It's really hard work," said one of the students who took part in the activity. "We must make a plan before the cooking. We must know how much we should spend on the things we need. Also, we must learn how to serve customers well."
"This activity is to give a chance to students to develop  their practical abilities ," said one teacher, "What's more, the students will not only learn how to make money by their own hands, but also know the meaning of life. "
The question is: "Food Street" was   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:a street for students to sell food along
B:a kind of food sold by the students
C:part of the activity about the English Art Festival
D:an activity for food prices among the studentsIt was really an unforgettable day all his life for Andy, for it changed him a lot.
After school, Andy walked by the sports shop on the street corner. He stopped to look at the tennis bats in the shop window, and then turned over and walked away.
Tomorrow was his birthday. He really wanted to have such tennis bats for his birthday gift. But when he thought of his parents he felt sorry for himself. They would like to give him what he likes. But they were both out of work for a long time. Hanging out in the street, Andy didn't want to go home. Sorry and tired, he sat in the street corner.
"What are you doing here, Andy?" cried his brother Michael.
"Dad was badly hurt and he is in hospital now," his brother said sadly and loudly. When they arrived, dad was lying in bed with white cloth on the head. Beside him were his sad mother and a pair of tennis bats. Andy felt too sorry to move. What he wanted to do was to cry and slap himself on the head hard.
The question is: How did Andy feel when he saw the pair of tennis bats beside his father?
The possible answers are:
A:Excited
B:Surprised
C:Glad
D:SorryOnce upon a time an old man and woman lived in the mountains in Japan. Every day the old man went to the mountain and collected firewood, while the old woman went to the river and did the washing.
One day, she was doing the washing when a big peach   came floating   down the river towards her. As it was a big and juicy-looking fruit, she thought that her husband would be glad to eat it, so she took it home. When the old man came back for lunch and saw the nice peach, he was really happy. The old woman cut the big peach open with a knife! What a surprise! A lovely little boy was in the peach. The old man and woman had no children, so they were really grateful the gods   sent them a boy in this peach. Since he was born in a peach they decided to call him Momotaro which means "peach-boy". The old woman cooked a meal for the little boy who ate as much as he could. The more he ate, the more he grew. Soon he became a tall and strong boy.
Day after day, all Momotaro did was sleep and eat. In the village the other boys went to the mountain and picked firewood while Monotaro was the only one doing nothing. This worried the old man and the old woman. The boys then invited him, "Momotaro, would you come with us? We're going to collect fire wood." But he answered, "I don't have a basket, so I can't go with you", and went back to sleep. On hearing this, the old woman got angry with Momotaro for being so lazy, so the next day he went to collect firewood with the other boys.
The question is: What did the old woman do every day?
The possible answers are:
A:She went to the mountains.
B:She collected firewood.
C:She went fishing in the river.
D:She did the washing.Dolphin show
Do you want to see the dolphins from Singapore? Please come to Huayang Zoo. There is a great
dolphin show here from 9:00 am to 3:00 pm on Saturday. You need 5 dollars for the show. If you take
your school ID card, you need only 2.5 dollars. If you want to book the ticket, please call Mrs. Jones at
657-0870.
News
Attention , please. Here is the news. There is a basketball game between Apple School and Park School on the playground at Green School from 4:00 pm to 5:00 pm this afternoon. Please come and watch it. Green School is on Long Street. It's across from Center Park.
The question is: If Helen wants to watch the basketball game, she should  get there   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:before 4:00 pm
B:before 9:00 am
C:after 5:00 pm
D:after 5:30 pmCoffee has been a part of people's lives for thousands of years, and today it is still one of the favorite drinks in the world. Many people in the world begin their busy day by drinking a cup of or several cups of coffee. They have always said that a cup of coffee in the morning helps them begin their day in the right way. So they say a cup of coffee is necessary for them in the morning.
Do you know what in the coffee makes our bodies and brains  active? It is caffeine . Caffeine may increase a person's mental and physical abilities . For example, two cups of coffee will make you breathe faster and _ body heat. All this makes you heart beat faster, and doctors warn that this may be a little dangerous.
Caffeine is found in tea, coffee, chocolate and some other foods. A little caffeine is probably not harmful. But much caffeine can make people nervous and sleepless.
The question is: The word "augment "means  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:increase
B:drink
C:stop
D:dropMy name is Bill. I'm an English boy. I'm in a high school. Sam is my good friend. He comes from Canada. He is 13. I'm 13, too. But we don't look the same. Miss Zhang is my English teacher. We don't know her age, but she looks young. She is not Sam's teacher. Miss Zhou is Sam's English teacher. Now please look at my photo. In the photo, Sam, Miss Zhang and I are all happy.
,.
The question is: Who is not in this photo?
The possible answers are:
A:Miss Zhou
B:Miss Zhang
C:Bill
D:SamIn our town, there is a big zoo with a lot of animals in it. There are some beautiful tigers and two old lions. They eat a lot of meat every day.
There are also two big elephants and one baby elephant. The elephants are kind animals. They eat a lot every day. They like children. Children often give them bread and bananas. Elephants like bananas best.
In our zoo there are also brown bears , black bears and white bears. They stand on their hind legs,hold up their fore legs and ask for food. They like cakes very much.
There's also a children's corner in our zoo. Children ride horses and donkeys and watch the monkeys there. The monkeys are very funny. They climb up ropes and jump  down again and play with each other(,) like small children.
,.
The question is: Which animal plays like small children?
The possible answers are:
A:Monkeys.
B:Tigers.
C:Bears.
D:Lions.Here are two pictures. You can see a man and a boy in one picture. Who are they? The man is Mr. Brown, and the boy's name is Jack. They are father and son. They are in Jack's room.
Now let's look at the other picture. You can see a woman and a little girl in it. The woman is Jack's mother and the girl is her daughter, Ann. They're in Ann's room. You can see a photo of the family on the white wall. A clock is on the table. It's eleven. What's that on the floor? Oh, it's Ann's hat, but it looks *like a white cat.
The question is: In Ann's room we can see   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:a bookcase
B:a clock
C:a CD
D:a catSchool education is very important and useful. The students both learn knowledge and get an education. Yet, no one can learn everything from school. The scientists,such as Edison,Newton,Galileo and Einstein, didn't learn everything from school. They learned a lot of knowledge outside school or in practice by themselves. A teacher, even he knows a lot, can't teach his students everything.
The teacher's job is to show his students how to learn, how to read and how to think. A good teacher with rich experience in teaching can teach his students the methods(=" ways)of" study. Through these methods the students are able to learn and get a lot of things by themselves.
Usually it is very easy for the students to remember some knowledge, but it is very difficult to use it for problems. If a teacher really shows the students the ability of how to use knowledge, it means the teacher has learned lots of knowledge by himself (or herself). The success in learning shows he or she knows how to study.
The question is: Which of the following is right?
The possible answers are:
A:If we know how to learn,we can get a lot of knowledge.
B:We can learn everything from our teachers.
C:The writer tells us that practice is more important for the students than learning.
D:It is the only job for the students to learn knowledge.Skin-diving  is a new sport today. This sport take you into a wonderful new world. It is like a visit to the moon! When you are under water, it is easy for you to climb big rocks, because you are on longer heavy.
Here, under water, everything is blue and green. During the day, there is plenty of light. When fish swims nearby, you can catch them with your hands.
When you have tanks  of air on your back, you can stay in deep water for a long time. But you must be careful when you dive in deep water.
To catch fish is one of the most interesting parts of this sport. Besides, there are more uses for Skin-diving. You can clean ships without taking them out of the water. You can get many things from the deep sea.
Now you can see that Skin-diving is both useful and interesting.
The question is: You can stay in deep water for a long time because   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:you can swim
B:you can take tanks of air with you
C:you can bring something to eat
D:you can skin divingA man made a nice talking machine. It could weigh people. The man wanted to try the machine before he could make a lot of these kinds of machines.
He put the machine into the waiting room of a station . There were always lots of people in  and out there.
The first one began to use the machine. It was an Indian woman. When she stand on the machine, the machine thought for a few minutes to decide which language it should speak.  "Good morning, madam," it said in Indian. "Your weight is 72 kilos. That's three kilos more. If you eat more fruit and vegetables, you will be soon all right. Wish you a nice day."
The second one who used the machine was a nice Chinese girl. She stood on the machine and waited to hear her weight. "Good morning , Miss ,"the machine said in Chinese. "Your weight is 45 kilos. It's all right for your age and height. Go on to eat what you eat every day. Wish you a nice day."
The third one to use the machine was a very fat American woman. She thought for a long time before standing on the machine. But as soon as she stood on the machine, the machine spoke quickly in English , "Good morning . Will one of you get off?"
The question is: What did the machine tell the Indian woman?
The possible answers are:
A:She was a little lighter.
B:She was just all right.
C:She needed to eat more and exercise more.
D:She was a little bit heavy.The sun comes up in the east and goes down in the west. When the sun rises, It is morning. When the sun sets, it is evening. When the sun is shining, it is day. Morning is the time between sunrise and twelve o'clock, or between sunrise and lunch. At twelve o'clock, the sun is the highest in the sky over our heads. The sun is overhead at noon. The sun shines during(......)the day. The moon and the stars shine during the night. When the sun rises, it is light. It's light during the day. During the night, if the moon is not shining, it is dark. What are the days and nights like in summer? In summer the days are longer and the nights are shorter. What about in winter? In winter, the days are shorter and the nights are longer.
The question is: Morning is the time between sunrise and   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:supper
B:breakfast
C:eleven o'clock
D:lunchBill is from Australia. He lives in Sydney. He can speak French and English, but he can' t speak Chinese. He has a pen pal in the United States. Her name is Lisa and she lives in New York. Bill' s favorite sport is basketball and he can play the guitar. Lisa' s favorite sport is tennis. She can't play the guitar, but she can play the piano and sing very well.
The question is: Lisa is an  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:Chinese
B:American
C:English
D:JapaneseHi! My name's Frank. Look! This is my schoolbag. It's black and red. My pens, my ruler and my books are in it. I have 2 pens, they are blue. My ruler is yellow and white. My books are purple and brown. Look! What's this? It's a map. It's red, yellow and green. I like them very much.
The question is: I have   _   pens.
The possible answers are:
A:three
B:two
C:four
D:oneWhat will the weather be like? Some people say they can know what the weather will be like from birds. When they see birds fly high out to the sea, they know it is a nice day, because birds don't like to fly out if it rains. When the weather is bad, the birds will come back to the beach. A big wind may come with a rain. Birds do not like to fly in a big wind. They may sit in a tree when rain is coming. Other animals can also _ the weather. It is a cloudy day. The rain is coming. Chickens are not quiet, and they are running here and there. Frogs are making big noise in the pool. If it is a nice day, the frogs will come out of the water.
The question is: What does the article mean?
The possible answers are:
A:We must protect   the animals.
B:Birds do not like to fly in the rain and big wind.
C:Some animals aren't quiet when the rain is coming.
D:We can know what the weather will be like from the animals.Daniel comes from Sydney. He is now staying in Beijing with his family. He usually gets up at about 6:30 am and has breakfast at 7:00 am. Then he leaves home at 7:15 am.
He gets to school at 7:45 am. His first class begins at 8:00 am. There are four lessons in the morning. Morning classes are over at 11:50 am, and he has lunch 10 minutes later.
Afternoon classes begin at 1:30 pm. There are two lessons in the afternoon. They are over at 3:10 pm. Daniel usually stays at school for another hour to play soccer, and then goes home.
The question is: Where is Daniel living now?
The possible answers are:
A:Sydney.
B:Beijing.
C:New York.
D:Shenzhen.Most people buy a lot of gifts just before Christmas. But some people think we  buy too much. They have started a special day called Buy Nothing Day. They don t want anyone to go shopping on that day.
Buy Nothing Day is on November 29th. It is 25 days before Christmas. At that time, we see ads in newspapers and on TV telling us to "buy,buy, buy!"
The idea for Buy Nothing Day started in Vancouver, British Columbia. Now people all over the world celebrate Buy Nothing Day. In California, USA, parents and children get together to read stories, sing songs and paint pictures. The children talk about why they don t need many toys. Last year, in Manchester, England, people dressed up in costumes to tell people that we buy too much.
In Albuquerque, New Mexico,high school students wanted to tell other students about Buy Nothing Day. They organized a dinner to give people information about Buy Nothing Day. They asked restaurants in the neighbours to donate the food. They put up posters and talked to other students about it. The dinner was a big success, many students liked the idea of this new tradition. This year, they want to have another dinner to tell more people about Buy Nothing Day.
The question is: Buy Nothing Day started in  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:Vancouver
B:Albuquerque
C:California
D:ManchesterOn the way to school, a school bus driver stops the bus in front of a washroom and then he goes in. But the bus doesn't stop. After the driver gets off, the bus begins to run down the road, and there are 27 students on the bus.
Luckily ,the 11-year-old student, David, goes to the driver's seat and begins to drive the school bus. He can't stop the bus, but he drives the bus away from a car. At last, he stops the bus near a shop and everyone is all right.
A woman worker in the shop sees the whole thing. She says the bus nearly  runs into a river. We do not know how the boy stops the car.
David is very quiet about the accident , but he is a hero. "If he doesn't drive the bus, all the students will go down into the river with the bus." says a teacher in the school.
The question is: Where does the bus stop at last?
The possible answers are:
A:In the school.
B:At the bus station.
C:Near a shop.
D:In the hospital.I am not sure when I started listening to the radio. In the evening, I like listening to some talk programmes. The host's   beautiful voice makes me relax. The host often has the same feelings as the audience about love, friendship, life and so on. I am often moved   to tears. I usually go to bed at 9:30 pm and then I begin to listen to the play on the radio in bed. I can only listen to the sound, but I am always interested in guessing who they are and what they look like. I often fall asleep while listening. During lunch and supper time, I listen to the radio, too.
I like listening to music because it can make me quiet. I also like thinking about something while listening to music, for example, what I shall do tomorrow, that I have to call my family tonight and that I should send short messages to my friends on Christmas Day.
You see, radio is important in my life, like a friend.
The question is: The writer likes   _   while listening to music.
The possible answers are:
A:singing
B:talking
C:thinking
D:dancingDear Grace,
How are you? Thank you for your last e-mail. You want to know about my school clubs, right ? Well, it's time for us to join the school clubs now. There are many clubs in my school, like the English club, the art club, the music club and the sports club. I have two good friends, Jack and Lisa. We all want to join the school clubs.
I want to join the music club, because I can play the guitar. I can't speak English well, but I also want to join the English club.
Jack likes sports. He can play soccer and basketball. He is in the school soccer team . He wants to join the sports club. He can play the guitar, too. But he doesn't want to join the music club.
Lisa likes drawing. She wants to join the art club. She also speaks English very well. I think she can be in the English club. But she can't be in the music club. She can't play any instruments .
Are there any clubs in your school? What club are you in?
Please write an e--mail and tell me about your school clubs.
Yours,
Jane
The question is: ?
The possible answers are:
A:Jack speaks English well
B:Jack is Jane's good friend
C:Jack is in the art club
D:Jack can play the violinThis is not a diet. It's a simple way to lose weight~ And you don' t even have to give up the food you love or join a gym. You just follow some habits that thin people have. Keep them, and you'll become thin.
( 1 ) Wake - up
When you wake up in the morning, sit up slowly without using your hands. With legs straight out, bend( ) forward until you feel sore in your back. It will burn about 10 calories (,).
(2) Start with soup
When you have a meal, order a clear soup, and have it before having the main food. In this way, you'll feel fuller, so you'll eat less when the main food comes.
(3) An apple (or more) a day
Apples are full of fiber  and water, so your stomach will want less. The study shows that people who eat at least three, apples a day lose weight.
(4) Stand up and walk around
Every time you use the mobile phone, stand up and walk around.  Heavy people sit on average  two and a half hours more each day than thin people. This skill is very important as standing up and walking around will burn 50 or more calories.
Use these skills, and you will have a big weight loss.
,A, B, C, D,. (5,2,10)
The question is: What's the purpose of the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:To give some advice on how to lose weight.
B:To advise people to eat apples every day.
C:To tell people how to enjoy a better life.
D:To advise people to give up bad habits.What do you do if you are in trouble on a lonely island? Surely you need to find a way to get in touch with the outside world. Your best chance of doing this is to draw the attention of a passing plane.
Body signals
Pilots from different countries understand body signals if they have the correct training, When you wave your arms up and down in a straight line, it means, "yes". When you point downwards and swing your arm from side to side, it means "no". If you want the pilot to know that it's safe to land, push your hands out in front of you and bend your knees. If you want to say that it's not safe to land, put your arms in the air and move them to one side.
Smoke signals
The smoke from a fire can be seen from far away, so it's a good way to draw attention. If the weather is dry, it isn't hard to start a fire. Remember, however, that fires can be very dangerous if they get out of control. Never light a tire unless you're sure that it can't spread. If the ground is dark, light smoke can be seen more easily. Green grass and leaves produce light smoke.
Ground-to-air signals
It's a good idea lo build some signals, too. Use large pieces of wood to make the symbols  . If you can't find any wood, use earth. Some useful symbols are:
F "I need food and water"
II "I need medicine."
I "I am badly hurt."
X "I am unable lo move from here."
Pilots' replies
If the pilot lowers the plane's wings from side to side, this means: "message received and understood" (At night, the pilot flashes the plane's green lights.) If the pilot flies the plane in a clockwise circle, this means "message received hut not understood" (At night, the: pilot flashes the plants red lights.)
However, there is no signal which means "message not received.
The question is: According to the passage, you can use   _   to build Ground-to-air signals on a lonely island
The possible answers are:
A:wood of earth
B:grass and leaves
C:wood and leaves
D:sand or grassPeople have been interested in color and its effects for hundreds of years. More recently, research has turned to the question of how different colors can help students learn better.
Believe it or not, some colors can affect a child's IQ . For example, a simple black and white color scheme may cause IQ to become low, while the good use of reds and oranges may raise it as much as 15 points. Be careful not to use too much, however; a little red is exciting, but too much makes people uncomfortable. Bright yellow is exciting to the brain, while the color green is thought to encourage creativity.
Use blue and green to calm yourself. Blue, especially, can cause you to calm down. Something blue in a reading area, for example, may help you focus  on what you are reading. But too much dark blue can make you sad, so use light blue on walls or large floor areas.
If you are struggling to read, try a different color of paper. According to a study, 80 percent of children who had difficulty in reading improved their understanding when they put something grey or blue over their pages. Do not use bright colors here, as they become difficult to look at after a while.
However, use bright colors like red, orange and yellow for important points. These colors attract the eye and may help you notice details.
The same color of the walls of a room do not help you focus on your studies, but make you slow in understanding. Colors, on the other hand, make the senses active and encourage learning. Use primary colors red, yellow and blue in a proper way. Then how do you make your choices of color? It mainly depends on your space, the lighting and the function   of the room.
The question is: If you want to remember some important points, you may use the colors  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:green and blue
B:grey and blue
C:red and yellow
D:black and whiteIt's not just women who wear skirts. Men can wear them, too. In Scotland, men wear a kind of skirt called a kilt. The kilt is their national dress and an important part of their tradition  .
A kilt is a colored skirt reaching down to the knees . It has checks   on it with different colors, like red or blue. Each family in Scotland has its own colors.
How did the Scots start to wear kilts? There are many stories about it. One story is that the kilt was invented   in the 1720s by an English factory owner, Thomas Rawlinson. Rawlinson had a lot of Scottish workers in his factory and he thought their clothing _ their work. So he cut their long clothes into a shorter skirt.
Today, most Scotsmen see kilts as formal dresses. They usually only wear them at weddings or big dinners. There are only a few men who still wear a kilt every day. Scots also wear kilts in parades when they play their traditional musical instrument : bagpipes  . The army still has kilts as the dress uniform  , but they no longer wear them to fight  .
The question is: In Scotland, different families have different   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:colors
B:checks
C:rules
D:shapesThe story is about a young girl named Yang Liu. She was ill, because she couldn't sleep well. Every night, she felt very tired, but she stayed awake  .
Soon Yang Liu went to see a doctor, "I just can't get to sleep at night. What should I do?""Count   from 1 to 1,000. By the time you reach 1,000, you can be asleep  . I hope you feel better soon," said the doctor.
The next day Yang Liu came back to the doctor's office. She still looked tired. "Well," said the doctor, "how are you feeling today?"
"I tried counting one, two, three... up to one thousand. But when I reached seven hundred and eighty-nine, I began to feel sleepy  . I had to get up and drink some coffee so that I could go on counting up to one thousand. After I finished counting all the numbers I still couldn't fall asleep," she said.
The question is: How did Yang Liu feel the next day?
The possible answers are:
A:Tired.
B:Happy.
C:Angry.
D:Excited.It's Jim's birthday today. He is five years old. He gets many nice birthday presents from his family and one of them is a big drum  .
" Who gives him the drum?" his father asks.
" His grandfather does." answers Jim's mother.
Jim likes his drum very much. He makes a noise  with it, but his mother doesn't say anything about it. His father is not at home. He is working in a school. So he doesn't hear  the noise.
But one of the neighbours doesn't like the noise at all. So one morning she takes a knife and goes into Jim's room. Jim is making a noise with the drum. She says to him, "Hello,  Jim, Do you know there is something nice in your drum? Here is a knife. Open the drum and let's find it."
The question is: Jim's father is  _
The possible answers are:
A:a worker
B:a teacher
C:a cleaner
D:a shopkeeperNobody is happy all the time, but some people are really happier than others. Here are some tips for you to be happy.
Make enough money to meet your basic needs: food, shelter, and clothing. In the US, that magic number is $40,000 a year. Any money you make beyond that will not necessarily make you happier. Once you make enough money to support your basic needs, your happiness is not affected by how much money you make.
 _  Or move to where other members are-so you can see them more. Now, people follow jobs around the country and sometimes around the world. As a result, our relationships with our friends and family have a far greater impact   on our happiness than our jobs do. So next time you think about moving, consider a place where most of your friends and families live.
Find happiness in the job you have now. Many people expect   the right job to change their level of happiness. But happiness research makes it clear that changing jobs can't bring you happiness. If you want, you will make the best of any job. If you have good relationships with people, you won't depend on   your job to give your life a greater sense of meaning. You will find it in your _ with the people you care about.
If you are unhappy for a long time, you should ask an expert   or a doctor for help. I hope you will be happy all the time.
The question is: The writer wrote this passage mainly to   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:make friends
B:give suggestions
C:put on an advertisement
D:complain about your actionsWhere has the Time gone? is the hottest song that has moved thousands of Chinese. Chinese parents give their children endless love and want nothing from them. However, sometimes, daughters and sons are too busy growing up and forget that their parents are getting older and older. What should  we do? Let's have a look at a letter of a father's.
Dear son,
One day if you see me old and I am not myself, have patience and try to understand me. If I get dirty when eating.. ., if I cannot dress.. ., have patience. Remember the hours I spent teaching it to you. If, when I speak to you, I say the same things one thousand and one times, do not stop me and listen to me. When you were small, I had to read to you one thousand and one times the same story until you get to sleep.
When I do not want to have a shower, neither shame me nor scold  me. Remember when I had to chase you with a thousand excuses I made, in order that you wanted to bath.
When you see me meet something new, give me the necessary time and don't laugh at me. I taught you how to do so many things _  to eat well, to dress well... to face life.
If I do not want to eat, do not force me. I know well when I need to and when not. When my legs do not allow me to walk, give me your hand the same way I did when you gave your first steps.
When sometimes I lose the memory during our conversation, let me have the necessary time to remember. And if I cannot do it, do not become nervous because the most important thing is not my conversation but to be with you and to have you listen to me.
Yours,
Father
The question is: According to the father, what should you do when your old parents lose the memory during your conversation?
The possible answers are:
A:Go on talking with them.
B:Be with them and listen to them.
C:Make them calm down.
D:Leave them alone.Paul had just left college and was offered an interview for a position in a company in New York. As he needed to move from Texas to New York if he got the job, he wanted to talk about the decision with someone before accepting it. But his parents had died. He remembered that his father had suggested he should turn to an old friend of his family if he needed advice.
The older man said, "Go to New York and have the interview. But I want you to go on a train and I want you to get a private compartment . Don't take anything to write with, anything to listen to or anything to read, and don't talk to anybody except when you order the meal. Call me when you get to New York and I will tell you what to do next."
At first, Paul followed the advice closely. The trip took two days. As he had brought along nothing to do, he quickly became bored. He realized he was being forced into quite time - he could do nothing but think. About three hours outside New York City he broke the rules, asked for a pencil and paper and kept writing down the thoughts until the train arrived in New York.
Paul called the family friend from the train station.
"Thank you, Uncle I know what you wanted. You wanted me to think. And now I know what to do.""I guessed you could understand my idea, Paul," came the reply, "Good luck."
Now, years later, Paul runs a company in New York. And he always spends a couple of days being alone with no phone, no television and no people to think quietly.
The question is: Paul would go to New York for   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:a conference
B:a visit
C:education
D:an interviewEveryone hopes to have a healthy lifestyle. But do you know what a healthy lifestyle is like? Here are some ways to have a healthy life.
Get active
This is the most important way of a healthy lifestyle. Walking, running,
playing basketball and other sports will help you keep healthy.
Keep clean
Keep the places around you clean. Unclean and untidy places can not only make you angry but also (...) make you ill.
Eat healthily
Our health depends on   our food, so everyone should remember to eat healthy food. The healthier food you eat, the healthier you will be.
Live green
This is the easiest way to live a healthy lifestyle. Plant trees around your house. Try your best to use less  water. Stop using things if they are bad for environment .
The question is: How many ways does the passage tell people to have a healthy lifestyle?
The possible answers are:
A:Two.
B:Three.
C:Four.
D:Five.Mark Twain, the famous American writer, was traveling in France. Once he was going by train to Dijon. That afternoon he was very tired and wanted to sleep, so he asked the conductor to wake him up when they came to Dijon. But first he explained that he was a very heavy sleeper. "I'll probably protest loudly when you try to wake me up," he said to the conductor, "but do not take any notice, just put me off the train anyway."
Then Mark Twain went to sleep. Later, when he woke up, it was night-time and the train was in Paris already. He realized at once that the conductor had forgotten to wake him up at Dijon. He was very angry. He ran up to the conductor and began to shout at him."I have never been so angry in all my life," Mark Twain said.
The conductor looked at him calmly. "You are not half so angry as the American whom I put off at Dijon," he said.
The question is: When he woke up, the train got to  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:Dijon
B:London
C:Paris
D:New YorkHarry is eight years old. He goes to school near his home. He always goes there and comes home on foot. One day he came home from school late. His mother saw him and asked him, "Why were you late, Harry?"
"My teacher was very angry and asked you to go to her office tomorrow."
"To her office? Why?" his mother asked. "Because she asked a question in the class." said Harry. "Nobody could answer it, but I could. "
"You are so clever, my son. " his mother said with a smile." What is her question?".
Her question is "Who put the tomato on my chair and made my trousers dirty?" said Harry.
The question is: Harry was late because   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:he did his homework at school
B:he played football at school
C:his teacher asked him to stay at school
D:his teacher asked him to give a talk at schoolTraditionally, business people would get to know each other over a round of golf. But road cycling is fast catching up as the preferred way of networking recently.
"When you play golf with somebody you have to decide if you"re going to beat them, or let thembeat you," says Peter Murray, a chairman of the NLA centre. "If they"re your customers and youdon"t want to beat them, sometimes you might have to make some kind of cheating in order to lose. That seems to me  not a good way of doing things."
Group cycling, and especially long-distance riding, is a shared experience, Mr Murray says. Riders often work together and help each other out, taking turns to be at the front so that the riders in their group can save almost a third of the effort needed to travel at the same speed.
How someone rides a bike can give you a real insight into what a person is like, says Jean-Jacques Lorraine, founding director of Morrow Lorraine, a team member of Cycle to Cannes. "Some riders are very single-minded, others more collaborative; some are skillful, others an open book.""If I walk into a meeting and somebody says ,,I"ve done Cycle to Cannes" , it"s a done deal really," says Mr Lorraine.
Mr Mottram, CEO of Rapha, believes it is easier to get to know people by cycling than in other situations. "T here is an easy environment about conversations on a bike." Mr Lorraine makes the point more directly: "I feel open and honest to others. I often find I"m saying things on a bike which I wouldn"t normally say, and equally I"ve been confided   in when I wasn"t expecting it."
Why do cycle rides lend riders so well to networking? "Getting a quick lunch or drink after work doesn"t give you long enough to get to know someone," Mr. Murray says. He believes long ridesget people together. "A younger rider can be cycling along with a boss and help him in some wayand you get a reversal of the relationship.  This changes the relationship when they are off theride too."
Perhaps the main reason why cycling is a good way to network is that it"s a passion   and away of life. "Getting out on the bike is what we"re all dreaming of doing while we"re sitting at our computers," says  Mr Mottram. And a shared passion is a fantastic way to start any relationship.
The question is: What could be the best title of the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:Advantages and Disadvantages of Cycling.
B:Two Good Ways of Networking.
C:Cycling Is the New Golf.
D:Cycling Develops Fast.Tom and Mike are good friends. They are kind to children. They want to find summer jobs. One day Tom tells Mike that Beidaihe Kids Summer Camp needs help with sports, music and computers. They are both very
glad to hear  this. Tom can play basketball and volleyball, and he can
swim, too. Mike can play the violin, the trumpet, the drums and the guitar. Tom and Mike like computers very much. Can they join the Summer Camp?
.
The question is: Tom can play   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:balls
B:computer games
C:music
D:violinIt's time to go home now. I am on a bus on a rainy day, and a woman with a dog gets on the bus. It is a big dog and its feet are not clean.
I don't want the dog to sit near me. But the woman says to the conductor . "Oh, I pay for my dog. Can he sit here like the other people?"
The conductor looks at the dog and says, "Yes, madam, but he must not put his feet on the chair."
The question is: I don't want the dog to sit near me because   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:the dog is big
B:the dog is not clean
C:the dog has no ticket
D:the dog isn't mineAssertiveness is the ability to confidently express your opinions, feelings,attitudes, and rights, in a way that doesn't infringe  the rights of others.
Many of us are taught that it is not nice to consider our own needs above those of others. If someone says or does something that we don't like, we should just be quiet and try to stay away from that person in the future.
Why is Assertiveness important?
If you don't know how to be assertive, you might experience:
*Depression - Anger, a sense of being helpless, hopeless, or of having no control over your life.
*Resentment - Anger at others for taking advantage of you.
*Frustration - Why did I allow that to happen?
Most people find it easier to be assertive in some situations than in others. This makes perfect sense. It's a lot easier to hold your ground with a stranger than with someone you love. But the more important the relationship is to you, the more important it is to be assertive. Assertive behavior leads to increased respect from others!
But before you decide to act assertively, you have to decide if you can live
with the results. Although assertive behavior usually will result in a positive
response   ,some people  might react differently.
How to be effectively  assertive:
*Use "I" statements. Keep the focus on the problem you're having. "I'd like to be able to tell my stories without interruption." instead of "You're always interrupting my stories ! "
*Use facts, not opinions. "Did you know that shirt has a hole?" instead of "You're not going out looking like THAT, are you?"
*Express ownership of your thoughts, feelings, and opinions. "I get angry when he breaks his promises. " instead of "He makes me angry. "
* Make clear and direct requirements. Don't invite the person to say no. "Will  you please?" instead of 'Would you mind...?" or "Why don't you...?"
*Keep repeating your point. Use a low level and pleasant voice. Don't try to explain yourself.
The question is: The expression "hold yourground" probably means "  _  "
The possible answers are:
A:reach an agreement
B:insist on your point
C:keep your word
D:keep on fightingMany kids go to day camp during the summer. They can have a lot of fun, but the _ is almost the same. You start camp in the morning and go home in the afternoon. Sometimes, a bus takes you there or you might get a ride there. It might take you some time to like the place, the camp teacher, and the kids. But you go home every night, just like what you do during the school year.
Sleepaway camp makes you feel more excited because you'll be there all day. It's a kind of holiday, but without your parents. You'll sleep in adormitory  with other kids of the camp. You'll eat together in a large dining hall and you'll share the bathroom with other kids.
Some sleepaway camps are coed. That means there are both boys and girls at the camp. Some camps are just for girls or just for boys, but often these all-girl and all-boy camps meet up for dances and parties.
The question is: Which of the following is TRUE?
The possible answers are:
A:Sleepaway camp is the same as any other kind of camp.
B:Girls can't go to sleepaway camp.
C:Kids go to sleepaway camp without their parents.
D:Most sleepaway camps are for boys.Pearl and June were good friends and spent most of their time together.
They were both very old and they worried about their health. Most of the time they talked about nothing else.
They worried about their food. Was it clean? Would it give them pains in the stomach?
They worried about the weather. Was it too cold and wet? Would it give them pains in their bones?
They worried about pollution in the air. would it give them pains in their chests and throats?
They worried about being hurt in a car accident, killed in a plane crash, getting sick, and so on.
All they could think about was being ill or hurt.
One day they went on a train journey together.
"We'll need some food," Pearl said.
"We'll buy some bananas," June said. "They are good to eat and always clean."
And so they bought two bananas to eat on the train.
It was not long before they were hungry.
Pearl took out the bananas and gave one to June. Then she peeled  the skin of her banana and took a large bite of it.
At that moment the train went into a tunnel. Everything went black.
"Don't eat your banana," Pearl shouted at June. "Mine has made me go blind!"
The question is: The best title of the story should be   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:What Good Friends
B:What a Bad Train Journey
C:Bananas Are Good for You
D:Bananas Are Bad for YouEveryone has worries. How do you deal with your worries? There is always something you can do to help yourself feel less worried. Sitting there worrying is no fun and it won't solve your problems.
Grades at school are often a top worry for kids, If you worry most about grades, ask yourself these questions:
*  Why are grades important? What do grades mean to me?
*  How do I get ready for class? Do I go over my notes even when there isn't a test?
*  Do I have a good place to do my homework?
*  Have I tried different ways of studying?
If your worry is about a fight you had with your friend, you might write down ail the things you could do-write a note to him or her, invite him or her to watch a basketball game, say sorry to him or her and so on. Once you have a list of things you could do, you can choose one thing that could get your friend back.
You can ask for help when you're worried. You can find someone to talk to, such as your parents, friends, and teachers,
The question is: What do kids often worry most about?
The possible answers are:
A:Their hobbies.
B:Their homework.
C:Their marks at school.
D:A fight with their friends.Americans love cars.They go everywhere in them.8 5%of people in the US go to and from work by car. And most adults have driving licenses.Why does this car culture exist?
How it started
America's love of cars started after the war when soldiers returned home from World War II to rebuild their lives.They borrowed money from the government to buy houses and cars which became the symbols of status .The more money they had,the bigger their cars were.
Making of roads
During the war,President Eisenhower noticed what good roads Germany had.He decided to build new four-lane roads in America.He said if something happened suddenly,the two-lane roads wouldn't be able to carry all the cars that would suddenly leave the cities.Car and oil companies liked his idea and
started.
Car lover
Not just teenagers are crazy about cars.Some Americans love their cars so much that they paint their cars beautifully .These are called Art Cars.Every April there is an activity in Houston,Texas,where they show their cars.
Pollution
Cars have polluted the environment.American President Bush refused a worldwide law that is against pollution.Many countries were angry about it.Bush said he had to think of the American economy and all the American people that make money from cars.Factories say they want to make cars that pollute less.But others say making cars that pollute less will never be as good as having fewer cars.
The question is: What does the last sentence  mean?
The possible answers are:
A:It's better to have fewer cars.
B:It's better to make cars that pollute less.
C:It's easier to make cars that pollute less.
D:It's easier to make people have fewer cars.When someone says extinct  animals, you may think about dinosaurs . But now many other animals are becoming less and less in number. These animals might disappear from the earth very soon. Take a look at the following animals. They are all in danger.
The African Elephant
The African elephant is a clever animal. It has a very good memory. But people kill it for its tusks . Half of the African elephants have disappeared.
The African Lion
The African lions have nowhere to live because of wars in Southern Africa. Besides, hunters and farmers often kill them.
The Tortoise
George is a tortoise. It is the last Pinta Island  giant tortoise. It was found in 1971. Now it lives in a research station. It can still live for another 200 years. But it is the last one of this species  of tortoise.
The Tadpole Shrimp 
Maybe you've never seen a tadpole shrimp. This is one of the oldest species on the earth. People have found them in fresh water pools on four continents . A tadpole shrimp can only live for two months or less.
The question is: Which of the following is TRUE?
The possible answers are:
A:A tadpole shrimp can live for 100 years.
B:The number of some animals are becoming smaller and smaller.
C:All the animals in the world are in danger of extinction
D:African elephants have nowhere to live.When Christie Andrews was born, she weighed less that half of one kilogram. Her heart was the size of a large coin. Her mother said Christie was so small that she could hold her in the palm of one hand.
Christie couldn't breathe without a machine to give her oxygen. If she had been born 20 years earlier, she would probably have died at once. She needed two operations, but she survived without serious damage.
Twenty years ago , 90% of all premature  babies died. Today, doctors manage to save four out of every five, because they have better machines for breathing and better ways to feed the babies.
But saving Christie's life cost more than $ 400,000. In some cases, doctors spend 1 million dollars saving a single child. The parents usually don't have enough money to pay. The government, an insurance company or the hospital picks up the bill. Even after a baby goes home from the hospital, it may require medical care.
Some people think it makes more sense to spend money saving 10 adults who have cancer or other diseases than saving one small baby. But nobody wants to be the doctor who has to tell parents to their faces, "Sorry, I won't save your new child."
The question is: The true cost of saving a baby may be even more than 1 million because  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:oxygen machine are expensive
B:the baby may require medical care after it leaves the hospital
C:doctors always charge more than they should
D:four out of five premature babies can now be savedA good way to pass an examination  is to work hard every day in the year. You may fail in the examination if you are lazy for most of the year and then work hard only a few days before the examination. If you are taking an English examination, don't learn only rules of grammar. Try to read stories in English and speak in English whenever you can. A few days before examination you should start going to bed early. Do not stay up late at night studying and learning things. Before you start the examination, read carefully over the examination paper. Try to understand the exact meaning of each question before you pick up  your pen to write. When you have at last finished your examination, read your answers, correct any mistakes that you see and make sure that you have not _ anything _ .
The question is: If you are going to take examination,  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:study hard and sleep less
B:get up early and do a lot of reading
C:go to bed late and get up late
D:go to bed early and have a good restPut 2 February in your diary! It is World Wetlands Day! It marks the date that the
Convention  on Wetlands was signed in1971.This special day was first celebrated in 1997 and it is celebrated every year.
The celebration is a call for action. It is a way to show people how important and
useful the wetlands are for people. On World Wetlands Day, people around the world take
part in many wetlands activities. People take trips to the local wetlands. There are talks
about how important the wetlands are. People get together to clean up their local wetlands
Children draw pictures to advertise the day. People also compete in boat races.
The World Wetlands Day is important! If there are no wetlands, there will be no water for anyone in the future. Wetlands help protect nature and resources like fresh water. Already,  more than 10000 million people in the world do not have fresh water.
Many people do not know how important the wetlands are. They can understand why an
elephant or a tiger is important because they are big, beautiful animals. It is much harder for
them to understand how important the animals in the wetlands are. These small animals,
such as frogs and snails, play a very important part in keeping the balance of nature.
All plants and animals are part of the food chain .If the small wetlands animals
die, some animals in the food chain will have nothing to eat. They will also die. People
need the wetlands to keep the balance of nature in the world. If we do not protect nature
today,it will be gone tomorrow.
The question is: Which of the following sentences is NOT true?
The possible answers are:
A:People celebrate World Wetlands Day by taking part in competitions.
B:People celebrate World Wetlands Day by taking hips to local wetlands.
C:People celebrate World Wetlands Day by listening to talks about the wetlands.
D:People celebrate World Wetlands Day by talking about the weather.More and more people are trying to learn English than any other language in the world. English is the world language of politics and international business. It becomes the international language of science, medicine, sports, travel and so on.
In most schools in Asia, English is taught as the main foreign language. School children in China and Japan begin to learn English at an early age. English is the official language of more than seventy-five countries including Britain, Canada, the United States and Australia.
Many different languages are spoken in some countries. However, English is often used as an official language to help people communicate with each other. India is a good example. English is the common language in this country, but at least twenty-four languages are spoken there.
Do you know the history of English? Old English took many words from the French language. Most English words came from French, especially those words used for describing the law and the government, such as "damage"," prison "and " marriage". Then, English became what language experts   called Middle English. The history of English continues as Middle English, and then it becomes Modern English, and it is spoken today.
,.
The question is: What can we learn from the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:Students in Japan begin to learn English when they are young.
B:English is the official language of all the countries in the world.
C:English is used as an official language in many countries but not in India.
D:Some words in English are only used for describing those people in prison and in marriage.Lily has a pen friend in America. Her name is Alice. They write to each other every week. They tell each other about their lives. Here is a letter from Lily.
Dear Alice,
Thank you for your letter and telling me about your best friend. In this letter, I'm going to tell you about my friend. Her name is Cathy. She has long brown hair and blue eyes. She is the same age as me, but a little taller .She is always happy. We sit together in class and help each other with our homework. We always play together after school and play computer games for an hour. Cathy thinks quickly  and does better than me. She is learning to play the piano .I am learning to play the piano, too. We play together every day. It's fun. We always have a good time.
Please write to me soon.
Love,
Lily
The question is: When do they play computer games?
The possible answers are:
A:Before school.
B:At school.
C:After school.
D:At the weekend.A poor man worked for a rich man. The rich man made the poor man works all day, but didn't give him enough food. So the poor man often felt hungry.
One day, when the poor man was having breakfast, the rich man came in and said to the poor man, "It's very _ to come back for the other meals. So I want you to have your breakfast, lunch and dinner together now before you go to the fields." "How can I eat three meals at breakfast time?" the poor man answered but he said, "All right." He finished his meals and went out. Two hours later, the rich man went out for a walk, he saw the poor man sleeping under a tree. He was very angry and said, "Why don't you work in the fields?" the poor man sat up and said with a smile, "I have already had my dinner and you know very well that after dinner it is time to go to sleep."
The question is: Why did the poor man often feel hungry?
The possible answers are:
A:The rich man didn't give him enough food.
B:His parents didn't give him enough food.
C:He ate only one meal a day.
D:He was poor and lazy.It's over three years since I began to learn English. I'm glad that I am getting on well with it.
I find English quite difficult, but very interesting. When I first started, I thought I had only to remember the new words and learn some grammar  I knew little about English idioms .I thought each English word had the same meaning in Chinese. When I learn to say"I see a book on the desk," I thought the English word "see " was just like the Chinese word " kan ",So one day when my teacher asked me," what are you doing?", I answered, "I'm seeing a book." "That's wrong ."  the teacher said, "you don't see a book, You read a book. You can't use English word like a Chinese one.. Be sure not to make the same mistake again."
After that I began to pay more attention to the differences between Chinese and English. For example, in English we say a" high mountain", but a" tall man. " In Chinese we use the same word "gao " for both.. Again in English we say" take part in the sports meeting ", " attend the meeting " and" join the army,"  while in Chinese we can use "can jia " for all three. Interesting ,isn't?
So to study English doesn't only mean hard wok, it can be great fun,  too! We not only have to pay attention to pronunciation, grammar spelling and handwriting, we also have to understand English idioms. We can learn English well only in the way!
But all this is only a beginning and I still have a long way to go. I'll try my best and work even harder than before. I must speak and listen to English more both in and out of class. I must learn English well so that I can work well when I grow up.
The question is: When I first started English I   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:knew more English words
B:knew more English idioms
C:used an English word like a Chinese one
D:found English easy and interestingHave you ever read Alice's Adventures in Wonderland? It was written by Lewis Carroll. He was an English writer, poet, scientist, photographer, and priest. His real name was Charles Lutwidge Dodgson, and Lewis Carroll was his pen name. He was born in 1832 and died in 1898.
He is most famous for writing two children's fantasy books about a young girl called Alice. They were titled Alice's Adventures in Wonderland(1865) and through the looking-Glass(1872).
He also wrote two famous poems called "The Hunting of the Snark" and "The Jabberwocky". What is important about these poems is that he made up many new words to use in them. He was an expert at "word play" and used words in many different ways. Some of these ways were quite new. And this has influenced members of the literary elite who are well educated about English. Many people still study his work and his life today.
Although they seem to have been written for children, Lewis Carroll's books and poems have been enjoyed by people of all ages. If you have not read Alice's Adventures in Wonderland, which is also referred to by the short title Alice in Wonderland, you should read it soon. No matter how old you are, you will find it exciting and enjoyable.
The question is: Who wrote Alice's Adventures in Wonderland?
The possible answers are:
A:Charles Lutwidge Dodgson.
B:Santa Claus.
C:Diana Thimblebottom.
D:Jane Fleeb.It's Sunday. Children don't go to school on Sundays. But Kate gets up early in the morning. "It's my birthday. I'm eight years old today." she thinks, "Where are Dad and Mum? I want to know what they can give me for my birthday."
Her father and mother are not at home. They are going shopping. And now they are talking about what to buy for Kate.
---- Dad: How about the doll? It looks nice. I think Kate would like the doll.
---- Mom: I don't think so. She is not a little girl. I think she likes a new dress. Girls often like new dresses very much.
---Dad: But she has a few new dresses and some new blouses. Oh, I think she must be very happy to have a box of colorful pencils and some picture books. Do you think so?
----- Mom: Yes. Let's go over there and buy them.
The question is: Kate has  _  new dresses.
The possible answers are:
A:a few
B:a lot of
C:some
D:a littleA Russian, a Cuban, an American businessman and an American lawyer were on a train traveling across England. The Russian took out a large bottle of vodka, gave each of the men a drink and then threw the rest half bottle of vodka out of the window. "Why did you do that?" asked the American businessman. "There's too much vodka in my country," said the Russian, "And really we have more than we will ever use." A little later, the Cuban passed around fine Havana Cigars. Then he threw his out of the window. "I thought Cuba is not a rich country," the businessman said. "But you threw that very good cigars out of the window!" "Cigars," the Cuban answered, "are the cheapest in my country. We have more of them than we know what to do with." The American businessman sat quietly for a moment. Then he got up, caught the lawyer by the arm and threw him of the window.
The question is: The Russian and the Cuban both wanted to   _  .
The possible answers are:
A:tell the businessman that their countries are rich
B:prove  that they were rich
C:ask the two Americans to visit their countries
D:make the businessman happyThere are many kinds of animals in the zoo. Look! There are two lions. They are very big and smart. Near them there is a small elephant. She is from Africa. She likes to eat grass. Oh, is there a koala? Of course. There is a two-year-old koala. He always sleeps in the day and at night he gets up and eats leaves. I like pandas best. There is one in the zoo. She is five years old. She is very beautiful, but she's very shy. Do you like her?
The question is: How old is the koala?
The possible answers are:
A:Five
B:Two
C:Three
D:FourReading newspapers has become an important part of everyday life. Some people read newspapers as the first thing to do in the morning, others read newspapers as soon as they have free time during the day so that they can learn what is happening in the world.
Sometimes, we do not have enough time to read all the news carefully, so we just take a quick loot at the front page. At other times, we may be in such a hurry that we only have a few minutes to look at the headlines  of te passage.
Newspapers can be found everywhere in the world. We can get many different kinds of newspapers in big cities, but in some mountain villages we can see few newspapers.
Some newspapers are published   once a week, but most of the papers are published once a day with many pages, some even published twice a day! You know different people enjoy reading different newspapers. Some like world news, and others prefer short stories. They just choose what they are interested in.
Today newspapers in English have the largest numbers of readers in the world, The English language is so popular that many Chinese students are reading English newspapers such as China Daily or 21stCentury. Also they bring us more and more information with internet.
The question is: According to the passage, besides newspapers, people also get information        from  _  .
The possible answers are:
A:magazines
B:advertisements
C:e-mails
D:internetAnnette Kellerman was born in Australia in 1887.She had polio and could not walk easily.She had to wear metal supports on her legs to stand up on her own.To make her legs stronger,her mother took her for swimming lessons every week.Swimming made her legs so strong that when she was 15 she was able to throw away her supports.
Her family was poor so she got work acting as a mermaid.She wore a long tail and fish swam around her.People paid to come and see her.
In 1900 Annette swam in the Paris Olympics and won two gold medals. The next year she tried to swim across the Channel.She was the first woman to try to do it though she had to stop after swimming for six hours.
In 1915 Annette went to Hollywood and was the star of two films.
The question is: Which of the following is true according to the passage?
The possible answers are:
A:she was successful in swimming across the Channel
B:In 1901 she tried to swim across the Channel but later she had to stop.
C:She wasn't able to throw away her supports at the age of fifteen.
D:She swam across the Channel for only six daysHello, everyone! I am Zhang Xin. Do you know what I see in America? Well, it is really an interesting trip. Now, 1et me tell you what I find in this trip.
In China, I have five English classes every week. When I study English,my teacher teaches me to say "I am fine" when people ask me "How are you?" But in the US., I find people say "I am good," or "I' m not so good."
One day, someone says to me with "What's up?" But I don't know what to say.
All the girls want to be nice. US girls like to get at a _ in the sun. But in China, girls only want to get white.
In China, study comes first, so we study hard and that's it. But in the US, a "good" student also does much for others , and they play sports or music after school.
After I come back from the US, I think for a long time. I can't forget this trip!
The question is: Which is the best title ?
The possible answers are:
A:My Trip in the US
B:My Study in the US
C:My American Friends
D:My Question about English